3‘”: MI,‘ .;. _..._ ‘

“Tm;

i.
E.
:1

 

 

 

 

Mark Levine

B
ASSODCI‘IA TE SPOR Ts EDI TOR

 

After not playing in a game for nine days
and being confined to practicing indoors dur-
ing the recent snowstorms. the Albany State
women‘s softball team had to be ecstatic
when they awoke early Saturday morning to
bright sunshine and clear skies. With a
chance to ﬁnally take their bats aitd gloves
outdoors to game competition. the Danes
swépt all three gantes in the Albany invita-
tional. captttrittg first place, improving tlteir
season record to 7-2 and running their win-
ning streak to seven gantcs iii a row.

Originally scheduled to be played on Fri-
day and Saturday. the lrtvitatiottal was ntade
a one day affair as a result of the inclement
weather. This forced the teams representing
the four University centers to play all three
games it one day. beginning at 9:00 lit the
morning.

Showing their eagerness to get back in the
swing of competition. lite Danes opened with
a 5-0 shutout of the lliitgltamton Colonials.

‘ Freshman pitcher Wendy Williams tossed a
complete game two-hit shutout iit registering
her fourth win of the campaign arid her first
shutout. As it tttrncd otit tltis was jttst the
beginning of that was to be it loitg attd stic-
cessful day for Williams and tlte rest of lter
teammates.

Albany jumped out to a 20 lead in the bot-
tom of the third inning. Nattcy Doyle rapped
a one-out single to left field and stole second
base. Nancy Halloran singled putting runners
at ﬁrst arid third. and Chris Cannata then
singled for a 1-0 Albany lead. Tracy Kirk
followed with Albany's fourth straight base
hit, making the score 2-0 arid giving Williams
all the runs she needed.

Albany increased the lead to 4-0 by scoring
twice more iii the bottom of the fifth. With

 

 

WILL YURMAN UPS

Second baseman Caryl Meyer had an outstanding defensive day as the women's
softball team captured first place in the Albany Invitational.

two ottts. Kirk singled to left and center
fielder Carol Wallace followed with a two-
ruit ltomer to rigltt field. her second round-
tripper this year. I

The Danes gave Williams some more in-
suraitce in the sixth. as Doyle reached base on
art error and came liortie on a l'icldcr's choice.
making the final 5-0.

Albany ntade a number of key plays defen-
sively early oit keeping Bingltatttton from get-

ting the early lead. With a ruttner at second
and one out in the first inning. second
bascntait Caryl Meyer tnade a diving stop oit
a ground brill. ttirning a possible RBI stitglc
ittto the second out. in tltc second. the Col-
onials had a riittttcr on sccortd with two gottc.
Meyer then mispluyed a bad-hop grounder.
biit recovered the ball that had bounced
behind her and threw the rttttitcr out at the
plate. Williams tltcrt helped bail lterselfout tit

 

  
   
   

APRIL 26. 1983

the third. as she chalked itp her third
strikeout of the game with tltc bases loaded
and two out. She then had no further trou-
ble. retiring 13 of the last 14 batters she fac-
ed.

in the second game Albany had their only
real scare of the tournament, as they had to
come from four runs down to edge the Stony
Brook Patriots 6-5 in nine innings.

After falling behind 1-0 the Danes tied it in

' _ their italf of the fifth. Cannata executed a

perfect suicide squeeze bttnt. attd Halloran
crossed the plate with the tying rttit. Stony
Brook tltcn roughed up Williams for fottr
runs in the sixth. and the Danes were down
5-1 as they came to bat iii tltc bottom of tltc
inning.

Albany managed to scratch out four runs
without the benefit of a ltit. Stasia lieuls led
off with a walk. After two ottts Meyer.
Doyle. and Halloran drew bases on balls.
making tltc score 5-2. Two more runs caittc
ltottte oit a wild pitch. with Doyle coming
home all the way from second as liittgltnmtoit
made a rttititbcr of poor throws on the pitty.
tttakiitg tltc score 541 arid bringing the Danes
within striking distance. 4

Albany fought back to tie it iii the Ittst ot
the seventh. Kirk led off with a base hit to
left. and Wallace drew a walk. lleals then at-
teittptcd to move tltc runners up with a
sacrifice biittt. but Kirk was tltrown otit at
third on a very close call. Things looked bad
for Albany as Diane Fernandes poppet! to
short for the second ottt. bttt Williams tltcn
kept the rally alive with a base hit to load the
bases. Meyer tltctt worked the count to 3-2.
and after staying alive by foulirtg two pitches
off she worked oitt a walk to make the score
5-5. Doyle bounced to third ending the
threat. htit Alhaity was happy to be able to tie

22>

Stickmen top Oswego as Casadonte nets five

 

By Mark Wilgard

Slxill‘ HRH].

 

Right from the opening face-off. it was ap-
parent that the Albany State inen’s lacrosse
team had every intention of extending their
winning streak to titrcc games. The stickmcn
played with tremendous intensity and blew
away the Oswego State Lakers. 11-5. this past
Saturday.

“We were psyched to play." said Don
Casadonte. who led the Danes with five goals
and Mo assists.

“We had a lot of heart and intensity." ad-
ded .iohn Reilly. who had a pretty good game
himself with three goals and one assist.

Bob Venicr scored twice and David Faust
netted the other Albany goal. Alan Cornﬁeld
had a super game in goal as he turned away
20 shots. A solid Dane defense. led by Joe
Campbell. Billy Watson. and Peter Wong.
helped Albany improve its record to 5-3.

Casadonte scored the first goal of the game
ﬁve minutes into the opening quarter. Camp-
bell led a rush up the field and then fed
Casadonte in front of the net. who promptly
put Albany up 1-0. Less than four minutes
later. the Danes went up 2-0 on an unasststcd
goal by Faust. I ‘

Oswego closed the gap to 2-1. cashing in
on a power play at 10:24. But John Reilly's'
sweep goal at 12:07 gave Albany a 3-1 advan-
tage after the ﬁrst period.

Two minutes into the second quarter. a
defensive lapse found an Oswego player all
alone in front of the Great Dane net. Corn—
field had no chance. and the lead was cut to
3‘2. Ari Oswego power-play goal ﬁve minutes
later tied the game up. and it looked like the
momentum was swinging toward the Lakers.

“After those power-play goals. we figured
out how to defend against them." said Corn-
field. “From then on. they really didn’t
generate any shots when they were a mart
u ." ,

The Danes begait to check well and swarm

around the hall. Their persistence paid off as
Venier scored the go-ahead goal on a pass
from Rich Trizano. The Dattcs never looked
back. as they went on to score seven more
unanswered goals. Casadonte netted his sc-
cond goal of the game at 13:38. and it was 5-3
at the half.

The ‘third quarter belonged to Don
Casadonte. He began his burial of Oswego
with an unassisted goal at 1:47. Coming from
behind the ttct. he put iit his third goal while
falling down.

The tone of the game cltangcd completely
when Campbell leveled a thrashing check on
Tony Spinella. This rallied the Albany bench,
and it also rallied the players on the ﬁeld. as
things began getting a bit rough.

Albany’s checking and bustle led to
another goal at 6:16 when Casadonte scored
on a superb pass from Vettier. Oswego look-
ed perplexed as the Danes now led 7-3.

Then the backbreaker came. An unsport-
smanlike penalty on Oswego ettablcd Albany
to wrap up the game. Reilly took a pass from
Casadonte. who was stationed behind the
net. He then zinged it home in the top left
corner. “That was just basically our free
lance offense.” Reilly commented. "l was
just looking to get open."

Less than a minute later. the same com-
bination struck again. Casadonte was behind
the net, and be fed Reilly close in front. That
goal made it 9-3. “This goal was a set play.ll
just cut across the crease and he threw it in
front." Reilly said.

Cornfield had a relatively quiet period in
the net. A frustrated Oswego team began to
play rough. but while they took the penalties,
the Danes happily took the goals.

Casadonte capped off the third quarter
with an unassisted goal. number five for him

the da .
cmlt was ayrough fourth period, with Albany
taking six penalties. Cornfield came tip big
along with the defense.

Vcnler scored the final Albany goal. put-

ting iit a rebound shot at 6:56. Two lute
Oswego goals made the final 11-5.

“There were some lapses on man down
situations. bttt overall we played pretty
well." said Albany head coach Mike Motta.

“Our transition game worked ﬁne iii the
third quarter." praised Cornfield. “The
defense also played very well."

“We played four quarters today. and
that‘s the most important thing," added

r . , t .

 

 

Casadonte. . . _

Albany probably won't quality for the
playoffs. but tlterc still are a couple of goals
worth airitiitg for. Reilly “would like to go
the rest of the way undefeated-that would be
nice." Cornfields goal "is to shoot for a na-
tional ranking iii the Top 15."

The next match is home against Buffalo
State Saturday. with three gantcs scheduled
after that. l J

  

 

 

 

ED MARUSBICH UPS

Attackman Don Casadonte scores one of five goals as Albany’s lacrosse team

defeated Oswego State, 11-5.

 

 
 

 

VOLUME LXX

 

  
 

 

 

YORK AT ALBANY BY THE ALBANY STUDENT PRESS CORPORATION

Fﬁday

April 29, 1983

   

NUMBER 22

    

 

Party in Washington Park Sunday is disputed

 

By Steve Fox
EDI ,()er'l. .AISSI.SI.-1N I'

 

The “Party in the Park” scheduled at
Washington Park this Sunday is cancelled
because of “security problems.” according
to Albany city officials. SA President Rich
Schaffer said that lie still cottsidcrs the event
on.
Scltaffer said ltc hopes that they can work
something out with the city. but iflhe city of-
ﬁcials attempt to cancel the event. SA At-
torney Mark Misliler will ﬁle an injunction in
court to prevent the attetttpts of the ofﬁcials.

Mishler met in negotiations Thursday with
the Lawyer for the City of Albany, Vlnccnt
McCardlc. to try to reach some sort of com-
promise. According to Mishler. McCardle
said that the event was cancelled because,
“the police said that they could not handle
the number of people that would be there.”
Schaffer estimated that approximately 1.200
people would turn ottt for the event. McCar-
dle. ltowcvcr. could not be reached for com-
iitcrtt.

Albany Division 11 Deputy Chief of Police
Daniel VanAlbergh said that the cveitt was
clancellcd. but would not comment any for-
tier.

Scltaffer explained that when lie talked to
Common Council President Tom Whalen
Wednesday night. Whalen told him that the
event was cancelled because lte (Whalen) was
"worried about a student uprising. about the
possibility of the students taking over the
park. and about the tulips in the park getting
destroyed. The tulips of Washington Park
are at the center ofa tulip pageant held there
every year."said Schaffer. Whalen could
not be reached for comment.

Off-Campus Association Director Diane
Podoisky said that they were providing 25
trained students as security guards to main-
tain order. artd that the tulips would be roped
off. Schaffer noted that the tulips are away

   

LOIS AYTAHONI UPS

 

Posters advertising Party in the Park; inset: SA Attorney Mark Mlshler
"If we cannot work it "ill, we will go to cour/ . . . "

from the site of the ntain event. and would
itot be destroyed.

Schaffer said that Thursday afternoon he
received a conditional offer indirectly frorn
Whalen; instead of 25 student security
patrollcrs. Wlialeit proposed that 15 off-duty

city of Albany police officers provide security
Sunday. Schaffer explained. It was not
known whether the officers would be armed.

“The problem with this." Schaffer
noted.”is that we will be paying double tittie
for Albany police when we can provide for

the security ourselves." He added that SA
has no more money to spend on this event.
"We have already spent over $3.000 in get-
ting the bands. the kegs (40). and providing
for insurance." SA will be liable. and will
lose this money if the event is not held. he
said.

"Events like this ltave been going on at
Washington Park with no problems for the
past couple of years." said Schaffer. “there
is no basis for this." He added that the per-
mit was signed April iii. bitt that prepara-
tions have been underway since the initial re-
quest was made in the beginning of February.

“We went around like everything was ﬁne.
We got insurance. obtained a beer permit and
a special events permit. somebody should
have told us if there was a problem." Schaf-
fer asserted. “Not ttntil a couple of days
after the issuance of tile pertnit did Podoisky
get a letter from the Parks Comniisioner say-
ing that "another event was scltcdttled at the
sattte time." lie explained.

Iiotlt Schaffer arid Mishler agreed that the
city does riot ltave the rigltt to cancel the
event. because. Misltler said. “there is not
specification iii the pcrrttit about the right of
the city to cancel." Schaffer criticized the
fttnetiotiing of the city government. saying.
“titey sceitt to be issuing permits blindly."

An irate Schaffer said that an effort by the
university to improve community relations is
being titreatened by the city. “We are at.
tempting to reach our to the community.
Whalen is off-base though. and is just mak-
ing tliitigs worse." Schaffer said that lie will
try to resolve the problem with the city today.

"if we carirtot work it otit. we will go to
court and request a restraining order on tlte
city." said Mislilcr.

When asked to comment on the situation.
President Virtcerit O'Lcary said that tile ad—
ministration was rtot directly involved. btit
that. “I would like to see tltcttt work it
out." i i

.

SA selects new officials for the upcoming year

 

liy lieidi Gralla
warr- rim/rm

Running ttrtopposcd. Bob llelbock arid
Lisa Kerr were elected to the positions of
cltair and vice-chair respectiVely itt Central
Council's elections Wednesday night,

Central Council also approved SA Presi-
dent Rich Scltafl‘cr‘s appointments of Adam
Barsky as controller; Richie Golubow. Direc-
tor of Student Programming; Vivian Vaz-
quez, Minority Affairs Coordinator; and
Libby Post, SA Media Director.

Helboek. entering his third year on Coun-
cil. said he believes the Chair's role is to act as
a "mediator."

"i don’t consider myself the ‘ruler' of
Council." explained the off-campus
representative and former two-year chair of
Council's intercollegiate Athletics Commit-
tee.

llelbock noted that he hopes to cttt down
on some of the friction that existed this year
between the executive branch and Council.
“The Chair should act as a go-bctwecn from
the 35 members of Council to the executive
branch.” he said. adding that lie. Schalter.
Kerr and SA vice president Jeff Schneider
“ltave a very good rapport."

Kerr agreed poirtting otit that all four ltave
worked together as Central Council members
this year.

Kerr. an off-campus representative. said
the position of Vice-Chair “has always been
sort of played down" and she'd like to
“build it into more ofa leadership position."

She maintained. however. that her plans
for changes are not intended to criticize past
Vice-Chairs.

“i plan to htiild tip the position to be a
more working position." the former internal
Affairs Committee Chair asserted. noting
that site plans to become more involved with
committee work to ensure efficiency.

Although tltc presidential appointments
were approved with only one Council
'Iicllibcr voting no on arty of them. titcrc were
several abstentions. and some members latcr
expressed various reservations about the ap»

A few members said they abstained
because they eitlter didn't know liarsky or
were unsure of Scltaffer‘s choice. but didn't
want to vote iii opposition because they said
they trusted Schaffer's judgment.

Schaffer said ltc chose liarsky over the
other two applicants because iiarsky had past
experience, is able to deal with a lot of issues
at once. and he's “personable — easy to get
alone with."

 

 

Chair....................
Vice-Chair......

SA Appointment-s

Controller. . . . . . . . ..

SA Media Director. . .

 

Central Council Elections --

........BobHeb/0ck
......LisaKerr

(Central Council Approved)

.............AdamBarsky

Director of Student Programming. . . . . . . .Ricltr'e Golubow
Minority Affairs Coordinator.

...........Vivr'an Vazquez
 . . . . . ....LibbyPosr

 

 

pointments, particularly that of liarsky for
controller. who was approved 15-0. with
eight abstentiotts.

Colonial Quad representative Nancy D.
Killian abstained “because although ite (Bar-
sky) ltas extensive academic experience in the
realm of controller. 1 don’t believe that this
background can replace actual SA ex-
perience. wltichlte seetnstolaek. . . [don't
believe lie was the most qualified candidate."

“The ntost important relationship in the
SA ofﬁce is between the president and the
controller. 1 can work best with Adam (Bar-
sky)." Schaffer commented.

Former SA controller Dave Scitrtcymun
said Barsky “will have problems initially
because of his lack of intertial experience."

Barsky. however. contends this will work
to his advantage because he'll be starting "on
a fresh slate."

Golubow's appointment as Director of

Sttident i’rograntiitittg was approtcd by
Council 20-1. with two abstetttiotts.
lionei er. several Council ittctttbers ltttd ques-
tioned (iolubow‘s appoirttittcut prior to the
meeting. because Golubow had been Schaf—
fer's campaign manager rtitd did not have ex-
tensive experience with the the irtterttal
aspects of SA.

FUfliiL‘l’ Director of Student Programming
Mark Wepriit maintained that this is not a
problettt. “Tltc prograttiming director is sup-
posed to be an advocate for the SA groups
(lie/she) doesn't have to be someone with SA
experience," he commented.

Golubow said he plans to “work closely"
with all the SA-funded arid recognized
groups. “l’d like to meet witlt all the group
leaders and just go over a lot of tire in): small
things that go on in SA." such as vouchers
and firtancc policy. he explained.

Vivian Vazquez was approted by Council
unanimously for her position as Mirtority Af-
fairs Coordinator. a new position. created by
SA this year. Vazquez will receive a stipend
of $1.350 and her own office within the SA
suite.

Vazquez said she plans to “get the minori-
ty groups together to beeotne it more visible
group on eampus. especially through SA."
Furtlter. site hopes to provide a focal poirtt
for minority groups and avoid overlap of

events sponsored by minority groups.

Post ltas been SA Media director for

several years. Site said site Is planning to put
"a number of key issues in the forefront next
year." Pornography on campus. women's
safety, and communication between SA and
minority groups are the key issues she men-
tioned.

 “was”--. _

 

