 

 

-,.»...4., .._. .-__-.~s.w_._,_,.,~«n-o.193ﬁzum-

 

 

   

 
 

e had landed In the hospital tltat spring. aitd that wasn't so bad-- sort of like a
vacation he thought. arid if you're a first year teacher you don't get a vacation.
aitd if you come out of wittter witlt not ertougli sap left in yott. not enough sap to
make it tttto another wayward spring. you come here arid they tnake you sit quietly and
watch uittlll you get the hang of it. like tlte kids-in swlrtrrnirtg class who couldn‘t pass tlte test.
He'd wondered about those kids. you know. sitting out tltere at the edge of tire pool. sitting
tltere because tltey ltad to because their parents had payed for the lessons. the goddamn
lessons they didit't want anyway: attd so they sat there miserable with that itchy feeling you
get when you're half wet. looking out .tt Arthur arid the others who were having a genuinely
good tlnte like you do for the first half hour in the water. batting balls around and so fortlt.
And when ttttserable people are watching you. he had realized. you can't really have a
good tirne--at least everybody has to be equal. you know. with nothing unfair like cripples
or kids who can't stvirri around-if yoti do. ~their the fun gels cruel lle didii 't like beirtg
cruel. tried not to be. but there it was. anyway. iii the eyes of those kids at the edge of the

put I

 

Mark Stevenson

Artltur stretched ltls six foot»two ftaitie out on the ltospital bed lle'd stopped playing
basketball years ago. corttpetitively. but he still played pickup games with some other
teachers He ltad never been very fast. birt he had a beautiful arcing jump shot. (ione. lie
\l’lttSllL’d through liis teeth

A hospital isn't a had place to be if you waitt to get otit of yourself. llt' thought. It's the best
place to do if. as long as you take a shower so that you doti't smell and feel of yourself
Other than that. it's easy to get oirt of ‘.‘rrttlsr'lf other people are taking care of your body
temporarily-- ocassionally they do things that lttrrt but then they take responsibility for that
You cart just float up off the top of your head and observe ('rreat You just have to keep
track of tltings like llit’ sheets being changed. and the showers. they were important. it was
what set him apart frorti the sick people. the realli; stt'lt people down the hall with their
smells

He pulled the stiff white wlieet tip .it It iss his legs. rt robbed at toss ltrs genitals It felt good.
he whisilt'd through his teeth. he looked out the Window

He had contracted a good tase trf irtonorirrcli'nsrs. the kissing tlisi'ase

"They're all healthy as horses" said Shawn sitting lit the | hair across from the bed. sinok
Iiig. aitd letttrig the smoke haze easily into llit' warm spring sunlight "Not a single girl out
with it The talk is itow that yoti nuisr hate gr rt it frorii l'ellt-t "

Arliold 'I'ellel was the school's llistory that her and also lllt' sr ltool's only (admitted)
homosexual

"I'll have them save a bed for you then" .-\itltnr said

He Itadir't caught it tlroiiglt. nt that way .rr least our front any specific. identifiable person
in any single sittratton It had I note froiti onr t’trlttlittlttrtl world of disease. our shared sphere
of infection. which is really the only thing we slirltt’. humanity with a cough, he thought It
had come to Itiitt iii the Spring front that world like a personal manifest blessing. (blessure.
the French for wound) and it amused liirtt to think that he could have caught it iii a train sta»
tiort. It had been inevrtable like that. he had just worn down like a ttairi pirllittg into a yard. a
train pulling ittto Spring lle'd had lots of contagious situations. too many. rto. that wasn't it
he thought. but just something inside that had woiti dowit

"Give me a cigarette" he said to Shawn

"You don't srttoke." Ire said with snioker's pride iioiii across the room

"I will as soon as I get a cigarette. I

"Wltat about that sweet jump shot?" Shawn said “you always had lead in your ass
anyway - this'll kill it."

"So what about your brilliant career as a trglit ertd"" Aitltur said He wanted to goad
Shawn but was suprised by the calttt reply.

"Who cares about football? It's just giving sortie mental cripple of a lineman the chance to
make you a physical cripple of art ex-back. For the last two yearsl sucked - I just covered up
and ran for the flat. I sucked. but I was smart - there aren't that urairy things worth gettrtg
lturt about. and football just isn't one of tltertt. You got to protect the body" he said. giving
Arthur a sltot in the shoulder.

"Yeah. you got to protect the body". Artltur said. "if you're a wash-out."

"Okay. it doesn't take a man to admit that he sucks. btit it takes a rttaii to adrtiit that he
sucks and not give a damn about it".

"‘Give me a cigarette."

Shawn got up and handed Arthur tlte pack

“Welcome to middle age. old mart."

He turrted to the door.

“So stay away from Teller's ass then. okay? He'll get you sortie nasty disease" Shawn said
as he left.

This wasn't a bad place. irt season. he thought. it's wariri enough in the afternoons that
you cart open the window and get sortie fresh air in. arid then you've got the view. The View
was of the broad lawn of the campus. With the first shorts aitd lialters of the year cornirrg out
to lay on the grass in the afternoon Young. healthy flesh to flesh out there. readirtg books.
baring unscreened skirt to inspection arid the sun He watched tltem. day after day. but
could rtot see himself in that picture (grade school - Draw Yourself in this l’icture - Where
do You fit irt - two indians handing over a peace pipe. so forth) - couldn't see ltirtiself
anywhere He wltistled low tlrrouglt his teeth. Not out there.

But the thitig was. iii a hospital. with one window. yotr always remember the View He
felt he would always remember that spring as framed by that window Maybe that would

come to serve as the memories of all the springs he had forgotten. springs at the cottage.
spring tn ltigh school.

Like he remembered this last winter by that rttgltt at college. when he carrte out of the
half. out into the long yard with the brick ltalls behind Itrrtt. and the dark old theatre In front.
and the yard stretching far away into the trees at the other end; arid the cold air froze the
sweat on his skin after the smoke-filled warmth of the hall. Arid as he looked out on the
even snow of the yard runnirtg far out into the darkness. a red'tinged phosphorescence
ltung over the snow like a mist; from behind came muted voices arid music.

He had stood that way. letting the heat twitch out of his skin. tnttilI the voices burst out
with the opening of a door attd turtrbled out on the steps

“Jesus Christ it's cold out here" sorrteoite shouted at the stars.

"Look at Arthur out there ~ he's so drurtk he doesn't know where he is" said a bulky
blond.

"Somebody should tell him he's outside.

“Out in the cold." the blond agreed.

“You're out iii the cold!" he shouted at Artltur. The rest of the party on the steps took it
up like a cheering section at a football game. which was what they had been a few hours

a voice said solemnly.

ago.

"Out in The Cold! Out in The Cold!"

Arthur raised a finger to them.

“Out In The Coldl"

He tried to shout back. into the roaring wave of voices. but his voice cracked in the titirt
air. his mouth filled with Saliva. his eyes teared with the effort. He felt powerless. He bent at
the waist. And then Jennifer appeared on the steps.

"The practice of taking a surname from one's trade" said the young teacher. "was

In‘ Another Time

 

4...... a it}. , ..
‘l’“’ MMWW' v

 

~53 ﬁn

attsion of the medieval towns into true cities. when a given nan... "U

popularized itt the exp '
And as a sort took his father s trade. the name r...

longer served to distinguish individuals.
rnained appropriate uitttll. ."

...until the sort took a different trade. “Wallcraft"-a maker of walls. But despite Ilttg
heretic society of displaced Fowlers and so on. sons still inherited from fathers Arthur's
latlter was a contracting engineer. arid so ltad come up from making walls to building
residential arid small commercial projects. He was successful in a business which in a small
town required personal charm attd a small town bonhommle. A tall. grey. angular tnan_ like
a thin steel girder. he had. in his grey. faultlesst professional but arittahle way. trrrrcrirl rm
family frortt house to house. up through the better residential areas of Iris towrt And With
each move the lawtis got bigger arid broader. the houses furtlter apart. so that Arthur rear-t].
ed toward adulthood With the Itripression that the world was expanding constantly. and that
he aitd Itts brothers would always Itave rttore and more roottt to play titttIlHittrIit'tl by
neighbors. As part of the same process. Arthur's father moved Arthur to a Very Utrtttl \‘ery
rural college iit upstate New York. Not that lie was irtdulgtttg his sort » he suggested that At.
tltur work on one of the construction projects. as a laborer. during his summer breaks from
college; and his quiet suggestions had always. for Arthur. carried a weighrnoi only the
welglit of quietness. or of authority. but of ethical tightness.

"Art". his father had said. “it doesn't matter what you think of these gtrys at the site they
won't be much like yoti. they're probably a pretty gross bunch - it doesn't matter as It rnrj as
you can work with'them It'll do you good."

Arid Artltnr knew. without saying, what that good was - he had inherited that tttttt ir lit.
had learned this .seiise of fairness from his father's Itfe. iit that you compete with thow \|.Itti
are your competitors. aitd that this is often a dirty buisiness. and that those out of the game
the women. the weak v were not your competitors. arid were to be teated with tt‘s[rt't| lint
what his father really wanted in those summers was for his son to see his business to in.
aiiroitg those who were strong and to learn strength frotn them.

One day when Arthur came home. late iii the summer afternoon. aching and Illiittiilts
and sweaty front the site. he walked up on the porch and. suddenly drained sat rlriv. it on .r
Iawri chart. looking out at the sunset and feeling his body settle After a while Irr-. fail»...
came out aitd sat in the other chair. and they built sat for awltile. watching ewrrirro r with it.
the suburbs

"l low is it?" he said finally

"Great" Arthur said witliont opening his eyes. He achetl in the hat k. iii the rtltti- in. if

His father smiled slightly. looking out itrto the horizon.

"firijoy it". he said "enjoy the pairt. You tirade it. You woti't be able to t'lijlt" ‘i . dill
maybe. lint if you're alright. you'll be able to do it irt your sons In lltt‘it stit'iiijth

Then he leaned back and was silent.

"But you don't". he said after a long pause. "pay attention to your pain Liiii it til
through it. like irt basketball You can't go pokitrg around irt your insides lion't tro .r oi int
at sickness. at the soft spots You know Marty. at the site. the way he always feels lr nip. r«
dis with his hand. as if he were testing for soineting - makes people nervous. yi rn loot, ~

The cigarette smoke hung lazily iii the calm air.

"You just respect your competitor. because you've got to respect Itirrt. becarisr- Ir.‘  ‘rid
the same thing you're doing. arid if you don't that reflects on you Arid those \Klri-i ' '
what you're doing. well. you respect them for wltat they can do. birt it's riot Iltt’ am
That's the way you play the game » clean. There's no envy or jealousy. hate » iltltsi' .rr. tr tr
women. because wonten don't know who they are. they're competing to he sirtttr'flt‘ttil
Men are competing to do Something. and if you like what you do you can't hate s: arr- hr rift
who does it better."

He had also taught Arthur to play golf. He. the father. didrt't feel too much one urn. or
the other about golf. it wasn't his game. but like rtiost games iii which a lot of tltl\‘tt e r on be
given iii a friendly way. it was the rigltt sort of game; alot of business was strtrck out IIti ilri'
course. But he wanted. in a disinterested way. for Arthur to be good at it. and he and Ar
tltur spent Iortg afternoons on the silent greens without a word passing between them

"Nice shot" lie would say. as the ball rose and fell in the distance.

So it didn't suprise Artltur. that summer when lie came honte from his last year iir r oil-"tr
aitd asked his father for a car. that the old man looked away and said. “Let trrt' tliinl» i'
over.

Arthur knew that the old man was weighing him. his sort. iit his tread: whether lti' this
asking for an unfair advantage. or a tool of Competition - was he weak or strong" Afraid ot
the wrortg result of weighing. Arthur clarified; .

"Almost all the guys at school have a car." He looked at his father's eyes anti then felt to
rible. But lie was suprised to get the silertt High Sign from his motirer.

“Let me think it over" said the old man. retreating into the deli.

Arthur looked down at his mother.

"Tlte business hasn't been doing well-no new projects for months now. It isn't your
father's fault. that's obvious. It's just this town; it's dyirtg. and everything's dying with it ‘riii
Ite can't see that; lie built it."

Arthur looked at her. It occured to him for the first time that she could have been tli’\|lill
iitg. hating. loving these years independent of the old man; that maybe she hadn't Itt't’il
happy all these years with the bigger houses and the broader lawns. iii his town tiarirr't the
old mart done it all for her? He had always treated her with care. like a delicate thing \|.Ili
respect. and now site was trying not to justify ltltn but somehow protect Itiiti. as if she \‘ t’lt’
stronger l‘le hated her for a moment. site. who knew nothing. nothing about tht‘ oltl HM”
strength. tltirtking the old rttatt needed her help - it was her betrayal. he thought

Arthur worked that summer. but not at the construction site.

And he got his car-incredibly. inevitably. it showed up iii the driveway a week ltt‘llttr‘
he was to return to college. It was an old Buick. rusty quarter panels arid a small plmtti
figure on the dash. He did not ask whose it was.

"Did you see." said his father after a long silence at dinner. "your car out thertv‘"

"Yeah."

"It doesrt't look like much. but it's iii good running condition. I know that. l Itiron tt.«‘
19001”e Wit” owned it: I've done buisiness with them" he said with a rtote of ])Ittlt‘

Arthur could riot speak; could not. he knew. thank him; could not. could trot tell littti lr«‘
did not doubt ..

Later that evening. he stopped at the door of the den. the old man's office in the Irr tti 
and stood holding the door knob; he had been ltt this roortt maybe a dozen times as at hid
Ire had had free entrance. btrt as an adult - maybe a dozert times; he turned the knolr .rtirl
went in.

Ill“ "Id “1“” W“5 5"“"9 dl it light-board. staring at a sheaf of plans. The flotiir'st‘i'nt littliI
"Iaé'lc" up "VF" his lffce- dmlnln‘J ll 0f CDIOT; Arthur felt as if he had interrupted a set M
 tapfr::t”l(i)l(;:)::rt;t;Lg|:ir:]il:irrd and closing the door after him. But the figure at the hoard

“ ‘- I I! - 9d Dow or twice. trying to see who it was. then said,

What is it.”

.. , . . ..

“ILLerIISIlglt[t;‘l:ll:::_l;‘ azityrhsgtdfdhhat mayij we could play nine litiles‘ttrrlilrittrtrtv I
ﬂitvrnore - [wouldn't be any coin Illa” 58' )lank'y' ".5 " 'we'gWJl "' ' ("ml "I?" "H" '
_ . , Million for you. You re pretty good. aren t you.) he saltI
tts‘tf‘lie didnt remember teaching his sort the game.

I-ive stroke handicap."

.r r.
j,,,n?:;;dw;ll':‘("flaggaiaggﬁzgslz- "I‘lerfs twenty dollars" - he took the money t'ittt'llllillkl'
"ﬁlled 0“ as he 51 d P :1 Sc tool. You go...You go ltave a good time H

A Ih d 0W" aBatu at the board and stared into the ltgltt.

r ur went out and closed the door behind him. “you go...

 

           

 

he had said. 15 if to warn so

3”

 
 
  

nieone away from an infectious disease.

Arid Arthur Iiad taken his car. his father's dartiaged gift. back to college with ltiitt. and
had found himself with his first real badge of differance from the others at college. and so. of
course. lie made—a joke of it.

'The Wreck'. Shawn called it. "l'he Wreck of the Wallcraft'

The Wreck required constant fiddling. Arthur was out one night that winter. fiddling with
the bowels of the wreck. changing the spark plugs. He had parked beneath a street light on
it narrow side street where gaunt. tottering frame houses stood by twos arid threes like the
mouth of an old mart.

"Mister." pleaded a whiny voice front itot far away.

"Shit". Arthur paused to see if the sound was repeated.

"Mister. come help me pick up my ltusbartd."

He looked up. An old woman stood fraitied iii the doorway
looking at him. He looked down the street botlt ways Nobody

"Sorry. lady. l'm busy" he said with absurd pleasantness Christ. he tltotrght.
talking to sortie Crazy old drunk lady.

"Mister. come on. give me a hand." she wltined.

“Can't lie get up by himself?"

uMister just help me pick him up. he Won't hurt you

Urierring sense of psychology. these old people

"Come on. he's had two strokes. he can't get up."

Now Arthur felt like enough of a bastard to really rtrti across the street

The old women lead hint into a small front room. of which he got only qinck impressions.
a huge old television set tuned to a st.tnt_l»up comedy show. plants and planters
L‘Verywhere. big old reclining chairs. like a cave. everything colorless iii the blue light of the
television. The smell of piss arid old age and sickness

In the middle of what little floor there was lay an old man lli pat
looking up like a cltild at them botlt

"He fell out of his chair". the old wotnart said with
have thrown him out of his chair: laying down there on the floor. helpless
as hell couldn't have done much himself.

"Help me put him back up there" the old woman motioned vaguely. and as Arthur cradl
L’d his hands beneath the old man. at the knees and the neck iii an old wrestling move. arid
lifted hint. he could feel the muscles inside. jumping. writhing It was like carrying a sack full
of snakes. And then he looked iitto the old man's eyes ftill of terror. tntconiprehertdrng. of
this stron oun strainer irt his house I

Then theyold l'ttatt WT'IS slumped back lit hts Chair exhausted from his terror arid Arthur
WES receiving the old Woman's thanks. thanks iItister. aitd he was outside llt‘lltc srtow hear
“‘9 the old woman scolding the old man like a child. dont do that again Izdward. leaning
bent against the car wanting to r‘etch as if he had swallowed soiitething foul; holding himself
very still. what do you do with a weakness irtside. his strength. his weakness. arid he w..s
looking into the snow

And there was a red rrtlst in the snow ant
things stopped reellrtg. aitd then Jennifer was on the steps.
crouch. She was tall arid thin arid her dark wild hair flowed ove
thin shoulder-s. A witch.

"Why are you bothering Arthur" she said irrtp
tended rttaiestically. She was drunk. She was proud. be
"Stupid little boy" she said. and spat.

The blond raised his arm to strike her. but
Wall; the blond started to struggle thert realized tIt
then. looking out front the wall with a silent. Iruculeii
thought 'vvould come.

across the street She was

here 1 ant

amas sprawled helplessly.

bleary lips Arthur tltotight she must
as a hairy. he sure

I voices shouting ‘out in the cold". aitd then
and he stood up front his
t' her pale oval face and her

eriously. swaying on the steps. her arm ex-
autiful. druitk aitd insane.

as the blow fell Arthur flattened Itim against the
at Arthur was stronger. He stood still
i defiance. waiting to take the blows he

,. j? ..l._«.

   
  
 
  
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
   
   
     
 
    
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
   

 

" ."",\ -\ \ ~.
\‘i "l2 \\\\1‘ \' 

"Walk me home. Arthur" .lertniler said .rtrd touched his shoulder lle let go of the bloitd
artd turrted to her There was an odd intensity iit her look, as If she saw. not him. but
soritetltirtg else Ile saw that a string trf bloody saliva lttriig frortt her lip

Arthur walked her back to her hall. and as they walked. there was a strong silence bet~
ween them that neither wanted to break The red mist Ittntg over everytlrrng iii the thin air

"Come upstairs" she said

Arid as they found her darkened rooiri. aitd as she fumbled aitd tore at buttons and pull
ed her skirt over lter head and her frenzy of black hair spilled over her. Arthur tltougltt

‘ she has chosen me. above the others. for my strength. my faultless Itardness' aitd she
stood above ltirti for one last moment. aitd she knew she had chosen hint. chosen him for
the trapped. wotrrtded animal she saw Iii lrini, his violetrt confusion. the blood irr his eye.
aitd she fell oit ltirtt. and their thoughts titt‘ltjt’tl iii the darkness

Me~for mes-the wrists. lit'nd them. hold them .

Show her how strong

My attacker .

How strong I ant .

How strong you are
father Arid they lay still as he spasrrred ritto lter again and agairt. striking blows against ..

"the sunlight woke him in the morning. arid .she lay asleep iit her black hair iii the sunlight
on the pillow. like a child. and he felt a love for her; arid then the night came tuittbling back
to liiiri And she awoke to see the look of horror that she had seen in all her lovers' eyes.
and she thought again she was a witch

Aitd he felt sick. arid he had felt nothing htit sick since then A sick man. teaching his first
year Latin. holding his guts through endless decleitsion: Vulriero Vulneras Vulnerat. . .Tlie
Passive voice. the Perfect l’assive l’aiticrple at least now he Itad a specific. identifiable
disease - he felt grateful for that

There was a knock at the door

"Come tit."

It was the nurse come to change the sheets The young trite. efficrent but witltout the
cheery efficiency that comes with assurance She began to change the bed Just what he
needed - look but do not touch

“Thank you." he said as she bent over the bed.

“I've never krrowrt anyone .so grateful for their sheets" she said sltyly

“It's important. clean streets" hesatd. looking out the window “Vital to the well-being of
the soul III the afterlife. according to the Romans Buried with stacks of cleatt sheets and
pillow cases. everyone of them "

She finished the bed, btit did not wairt to leave. What else did she have to do ~ mess with
the sick down the hall'.’

"It's a nice view. isn't it)" she said. watching him look out his window.

He didn't Itear her; he was thrnkttrg out loud.

“Can't see me out there."

“0. for God's sake," she laughed. getting rid of her nervousness. "you'll be out there in
two weeks. You should ltave sortie respect for the real sick."

"I've spent my life." he smiled. “respecting the real sick".

Site laughed ligittly. and wertt out down the trail. Site thought about him that night.

He didn't think of her at night. though. because the hospital was good at night. too. lit a
different way Evert if it was dark. arid you could sleep. there was always the lighted nurse's
station dowrt the hall. and a little alcove with chairs arid magazines. just dimly lit. in case
you couldn't sleep. The magazines there were ten or fifteen years old. with stories about
Africa arid Indonesia. so that if you wanted you could be lit a different country and another
time. and there was always a human being on duty and awake there all through the night;
and you could sit and smoke and look out the window at the night sky. I]

  

 

