   

 

 

Comic».

list for 1982. there is no question

that Unlversal's new release
Sophie's Choice would hold the number
one spot. This exquisite movie. based on
William Styron's book. Is the story of a
young southern writer's sojourn to New
York In the summer of 1947 and his rela-
tionship with the beautiful Polish immigrant
Sophie and her manic. self-destructive
lover Nathan.

Megan Gray Taylor

I f I could redo my top ten movle

 

Sophie is a Catholic who had been im-
prisoned at Auschwitz. She has escaped.
but all those she loved did not. The poig-
nant desperation which haunts all the
characters of this movie ls perfectly cap-
tured by Meryl Streep.

The role of Sophie was the most sought
after in recent movie history. Streep has
risen to the challenge. She studied German
and Polish Intensiver for two months prior
to production and her performance is
flawless. She captures the desparate
humor. the urge to run. the very real
honesty of this woman who has had to
make life and death choices. every nuance
that Is Sophie. In a series of flasbacks we
are taken to the horror of the camps and
the events that have shaped Sophie. The
range of emotion. the true virtuosity of

Nathan. her mercurial lover is played by
Kevin Kline. Kline ls more familiar to
theatre audiences for his leading roles In
“On the Twentieth Century" and “Pirates
of Penzance" (a role he will recreate In the
soon to be released movie version). He is
perfect as the young Intellectual who
rescues Sophie from anemia, and whose
passion. like Sophie's. is a futile attempt to
keep the horror of reality at bay. Nathan
can shift from reading Emily Dickenson to
collecting records of Nazi war criminals. to
a psychotic brutality that endangers all who
love him. Kline's performance runs tha
gamut of emotion with an ease and grace
that is totally unselfconscious.

The anchor of the film Is the young
writer Stingo. who is our entrance into the
wonder of Sophie and Nathan. It his
perspective that the narrator voices. Stingo
ls played by newcomer to film Peter Mac-
Ntcol (his only other ntovle being
Dragonslaycr). MacNIcoI Is a veteran of the
Guthrie Theatre in Minnesota and ap-
peared In the New York production of the
Pulitzer prize winner “Crimes of the Heart".
MacNIcol brings to the part a blend of
natvete and southern gentlemen to make
his romantic. Idealtc love for Sophie so
believable. It Is to him she turns to Lin-
burden her soul. It Is his love without con-
dittott. his total acceptance. she must run
from. MachcoI captures the bittersweet

 

 

Streep's performance Is astounding.

 

 

Kevin Kline. Meryl Streep. and Peter MacNt‘coI' A summer day-in Sophie's Choice.

Tootsie

yndney I’ollack's Tootsie is a rare

film, As producer/director

Pollack describes it. “Tootsie Is
the story of a guy who puts on a dress and
by so doing becomes a better man."
Besides Its effectiveness as a comedy. the
movie offers an important political state-
rrient. Tootsie is a feminist film that males
can relate to. What is unique about Tootsie
Is not Its message. per so. as much it Is
Pollacks artistic strategy In presenting and
delivering the feminist notion.

Rob O’Connor

Rather than a woman advocating
feminism as a worthy cause. the movie
depicts a man's evolution into a feminist.
This strategy Is certainly less threatening to
male viewers. The films hero is Michael
Dorsey played effectively (as a man and as'
a woman) by Dustin Hoffman. In his first
film role since winning the 1979 Academy
Award for his performance in Kramer us.
Kramer . Hoffman plays a dedicated and
idealistic actor who Is unemployed. yet still
willing to teach acting students and aid his
actress friend Sandy (Teri Garr). Though
basically a good person. Dorsey's problem
Is that he sometimes treats women as ob-
jects to satisfy his masculine appetite. This
Is evident at his suprlse party when Michael
Is guilty of hitting on women.

Unemployed as an actor. Michael lands
a leading part In a daytime soap opera as a
female hospital administrator. Hence the
transformation-Michael Dorsey becomes
Dorothy Michaels. As Dorothy, Michael
experiences the Injustices women are sub-
jected to. The soaps director. Ron, Is a
dumb mate-chauvintst played to perfection

 

 

 

 

feelings of Idealism torn to shreds by a reali-

Roles

by Dabrrey Coleman. Familiar as the sub
jugating boss in 9 to 5 Coleman is the kind
of guy who knows everything except how
to treat a woman. Hts condescending at-
titudes towards his female actresses
disturbs Michael/Dorothy. He sees the
parallels between Ron's treatment of
women and his own similiar treatment of
women.

Michael's transformation Is sincere yet
difficult. He has a one night stand with his
friend Sandy and has difficulty dealing with
her truthfully about his actions. However I
one does not become a feminist over night:
Feminism is a gradual process and
Michael's evolution slowly becomes evi-
dent. Michael as Dorothy is admired on
screen and off.MichaeI creates a powerful.

 

 

Dustin Hoffman as a woman In Tootsie.‘

 

ty that few have survived to share.

There have been Holocaust films. there
have been ill-fated love stories. but never
has a film moved me as this one has. I was
shocked. I was thrilled. l was moved to
tears arid laughter. but I never felt a direc-
tor manipulating these emotions. Styron's
book gave screenwriter/director Alan J.
Pakula the strong basis of this film. Albert
Wolsky has given every costume a touch of
magic. The “Pink Palace" set which
recreates a house In Brooklyn. is the work
of set designer George Jenkins. The
cinematography both In New York arid
Yugoslavia was In the hands of veteran
genius Nestor Alrnendros (who won an
Oscar in 1978 for Days 0/ Human its well
as three other nominations) The camp
scenes are the most realistic l have ever
scene. livery detail of this film has been
seen to. and it is some of the fittest work In
many years.

I here are outstanding supporting perfor-
iitdtiCL’S by Gunther Mrirlrt I‘Irilll'llfr .rs
Rudolf lloess the concentration cnnip

yet feminine hospital administrator and the
character becomes a national hero Iti-
cidentally. Dorothy ls alluring off screen
also. She attracts the affections of both
John Van Horn. a fellow actor in the
hospital and Les. who proposes to
her. . .him?? They admire Dorothy not for
her beauty; Dorothy is certainly not
pretty" but for her strength of character
(Tootsie depicts men honestly. Men can be
attracted to women on the basis of
something other than appearance.)

One reason Tootsie Is such an attractive
movie to men Is because It Is a look at
feminism through man's. Women
can gain directly through feminism Men
can gain indirectly by Increasing their ap-

 



 

 

 

 

' and protection.) Granted Lauri“ I‘i |""“~‘"
but Rotzman creates some trulv \il'III'I'I‘J
shots of the actress. She is a Vlhlt vii of WW
throughout the film.

ling, If not somewhat lmplntrsilrlr' twill)"
imances. Hoffman has Como along way
since portraying the twenty year ultl tn IIIL’
1968 movie The Graduate. l iiiltl tltL‘
hunch<backed homosexual in liottrtltl llll"
man's black comedy, "Harer N“””' ""d
NIght"to the derelict Ratzo Rim: HI tl’ll‘”
Schlesinger’s
Dorothy Michaels may well Iurii out I” be
Hoffmans most memorable character yet-
In Tootsie, by some magic, the rigelcﬁlwly
male actor has transformed himself into 0"
equally forceful but essentially it"“l'll'w
woman on the screen.

positive. And If you don't buy feminism. 90
Ed laugh at Bill Murray, Or stare at Jessilcjﬂ

  

commander. Rita Knrin .is Your the
landlady of the Pink I’.il.irr- rttitl .irm-I
Sommer who is the Vriit‘t.‘ rrI tlu lIrtftrtIIiI
The musical score draws on winr' nl the
greatest classical music ttttr'tliktitt'll nrttr
original music by Marvin llrtlirliwli (\ilirt
takes a giant step away hotii litu Itlr'Httth
efforts).

For Stingo. who lIrItI iltr'rrliit wt ltr'ttiti
Faulkner or Wolfe. his sirrnrrrur rrt I‘Iti‘.‘ Ir
time when the world ltlt'tl in bud ii.»
wounds of World “A” II, In r .rrrr. .r thrill
Ing. terrifying Conny Islrrnd titlr' I'xlitlrtlri

 

tion and fear entwined III .r lurrrrrrtrri tutti:
Just as his friendship mitt 'r-rjrlnr‘ .tIitl.
Nathan would Itilttttl ltlllt .n .r r;..rrr .IIrrl .rr l

tist. this movie will IIrIlIItI you tin tIIil‘t‘Iltr
I say. with the lttttjltt'hlliilirtlilr‘ r. r
all critics. Meryl Slrr'r'p \|.‘ill m.
academy award for tln. [u 2.
Kevin Kline and Alan .I I'.=i r. r
nominated and I’.rkril.i Ii».

win, Will l be right) Sign IliI w i.»

l tlritik you'll bt‘ t(t|i\ltltr'il . '
this is not just Iltt' Iirrrwt lrlnr-' ‘ ‘

true classic In its own lltttr'

 

Iiiirtiiti'

 

 

 

 

precintion of women. To Irm-
lecture men on the bent-tin rrt ‘-

 

scary. Therefore. It) iir‘jt'ti .r 'iitti
preaching feminism is .irr rtrtrtr‘ .r: .rrrri
successful concept for tl..' I.I‘I‘l',l“

American public.

There are other. less seirrrrn .r-prirn iii
Tootsie contributing to its sticr it». Iiill i\ltII'
rin throws away his script this IIIIIt‘ .rnd irri-
provises his lines throughout lltr' IIIIIi Stir-ii
a risk is rarely taken in l'IfllIy\.\’iiitil nwrics
and Its success Is a tribute to built rim .rrirrrs
and producers.

Another highlight of Tootsie Is 0m!"
Rolzman's cinematography. [)ritttt‘ulritly in
the scenes Involving Jessica I..rngu (Larrgc
plays the hospital flirt in the sorrp Utwtrt
and becomes Dorsey's ()bjct‘l rrf rriiurtiriri

 

 

 

Both Lange and Hoffrnati grvr- titti\‘ltit'

"Midnight Cowboy".

I Suggest Seeing Tootsie. Its message 15

 

 

.. . ...r.......r.r.a,g..w”aﬁ“ i '1

 

 

nge.

 

    

ldney Lumet wants to have It all.
8 He wants to make movies that

are both critical and commercial .
successes. He wants to be both an uncom-
prtmtslng realist and a popular artist. He
wants his films to be both relevent and
entertaining;_tn short. he wants to be all
things to all people. After striking out. at
least commercially. with last year's attempt,
Prince of the City. Lumet has staked out
safer territory with his latest entry. The Ver~
dict.

Mark Rossier

Tire first half of the film Is surprisingly ef-
fective. In a series of short. often silent
scenes. Lumet Introduces us to Frank
Galvin. a seedy washed-up Boston lawyer
who does nothing but drink. stalk funerals
looking for work. and reflect on the time
that he's wasted.

Frank (Paul Newman) Is tossed a bone
by a sympathetic friend~a inalpracttce
case that should result In a simple (and pro-
fitable) out-of-court settlement. However.
when he goes to photograph the victim. as
a play for sympathy. a change overcomes
Frank. Suddenly. all of life's Injustices
become clear (just as the polaroids do In
Lumet's rather obvious symbolism). Frank
decides that he can no longer let things
slide; he sees a chance at redemption and
Ire takes It.

It Is here that Lumet and screenwriter
David Mamet get Irito trouble. Onca Frank
experiences a degree of moral rebirth.
Lumet and Mamet don‘t know what direc-
tion to take. They can either lead him
down the path of salvation or squelch his
chances by having him lose the case to (I
brilliant opponent. Having taken the bleak
and realistic road with Prince o/ the City.
this tlrne the two opt for a more Inspiring
and. frankly. less successful route.

Gandhi

alrntma Gandhi, the man. the
myth. the movement, the miracle
have come to life in Richard At-

tenborough's film Gandhi. This is the story
of one innit who gave India. and for brief
moments. all the world. a way out of our
own tiradiress. His message Is as relevant
today as It was in 1915 when he started his
journey to greatness. Director Attenv
borough said of Gandhi. "He said over and
over again that airy man or woman was
capable of doing what he did if they had
the faith and the strength. He believed pas-
sionately in the dignity of men and worrren.
He believed unequivocally in the rights of
Women. particularly in India. which were
almost non-existent. and he believer! that
the resort to Violence for resolutions to
disagreements was absolutely utrncccp~
tnble. He believed that all religions should
he recognized. Iltdl the truth was " "

 

 

Megan Gray Taylor

This movie chronicles his life from the
time Gandhi. .rs tr young attorney. is sent
to South Africa and confronts apar‘tied
(Hindus and Moslerns were considered
blacks) through his return to Indinwhere he
takes on the British government and the
divergent forCes of his homeland and wins.

When India was in her greatest crisis and
even this inait Could trot get there atten-
tion. he fasted. refusing to eat until the
violence stopped. He spent years'in prison,
always receiving the punishment. turrrtng
the Inhuinanity back on his captors with his
non-resistance. His tactics worked. until a
faction of fanatics assasinated him in 1948.

The Mahatma is played by British actor
Ben Kingsley (who Is of Indian decent).
and It is the performance of a lifetime.
Amazingly. this is Ktngsley’s film debut. He
has incorporated the arrogance of the
young attorney. the sly stiff-upper-lip
humor. the fierce Intellect and the genuine
love and humility that made Gandhi a
legend. He Is the focal point of a film that
rambles, that rarely builds to a climax and
yet It Is his presence that carries It. If there
had not been an intermission I would not
have noticed the length.

 

 

 

Paul Newman and Charlotte Rampltng: An unltappy love interest In The Verdict.

The probletn with Frank's redemption Is
that Lumet wants us to simultaneously
believe and distrust It; here. tnore than
anywhere else In the film. his conflicting
desires come to the forefront. He is a smart
enough craftsman to know that people
don't want to see Paul Newman lose a
malpractice suit (especially In a Christmas
release). However. he can't totally
disregard half of the film In order to arrive
at a miraculous fairy-tale ending. hence.
the dilemma.

Lumet's solution to the problem (which.
It must be said. would not be a problem for
the kind of cinematic artist Lumet so
desperately wants to be) Is half hearted at
best. He has Newman win the case. btrt the
love story remains unsolved. The victory Is
a hollow one. to be sure. but one which
Lumet wants the audience to cheer about
anyway.

Lives

It is unfortunate that American film
distributors have felt it necessary to clutter
billboards and advertisements with the
names of famous American actors who
have cameo appearances In .r film that
stretches some It hours The fact of the
matter is that this Is an Indian film. and it is
the Indian actors who make it a success.

Rohint I'lnttnirgady plrrys Knsturba. Garr-
rlhi's wife. She is brilliant as the young
woman of an upper cast asked to do the
work of untouchables by her husband. She
takes this woman through the most
remarkable changes til she is the humble
servant of her husband. knowing that to
him she is his equal. When he police
threaten to arrest Gandhi if he speaks
against the war effort. Knstutba says she
will speak in her husbands place. She
represents the constraint on Hindu worrien
that was tackled and somewhat aleviated
by Gandhi and his wife's role in his fight.

The young Nehru. devoted follower and
eventuer Prime Minister of India was
played by Roshan Seth. He was an early
supporter of Gandhi and In the end was his
best friend. He offers to put down his own
life before anyone should raise a hand to
the Mahatma. and this performance was
very convincing.

This film is filled with extras. Filmed on
location with the cooperation of the Natural
Film Development Corp. Ltd. of India.
there were scenes which had as many as
350,000 people. The feeling of these peo-
ple. sornr.I who remembered Gandhi. some
who wished they could. was clear in the
emotional response of the faces of these
non-actors.

One can not ignore the fact that there
were some of England's greatest names In
this film, Sir John Gtelgud plays Lord Ir-
win. who. like so many of his predec-
cessors was blind to the fact that Indians
out numbered the brItIsh 10,000 to one.
Edward Fox. as the british general who
knowingly massacres 1,500 people to pro-
ve a point. was superb In his unblinktng
lack of comprehension that he had done
something wrong. John Mills, as the
Viceroy, was aware of the problems but

 

refused to believe that a bare-foot man like

I

 

 

  

\ ,

Lumet's unhappy ending of the love
story Is Interesting for a number of reasons.
First. it says that Newman's professional.
not personal. life Is the Important one and
the one saving him. More significantly.
however. it harks back to the kind of
misogyny that was rampant In Newman's
latest effort. Absence of Malice.

-Once agatn.Newman gets to slap around
a dastardly (read Independent) female. this
time Charlotte Rainpltng. and not only to
have the audience cheer. but to have the
woman come back begging for forgiveness.
Newman Is one of the few, perhaps the on-
ly tnrrle stars who could get away with this
In back-to-back filrns. One only has to
wonder why Ire wants to.

Despite my reservations. I must admit
that the ambiguous. nrguc~nbout~tt~in-the-
car-on-the-way-home ending does add a
sense of terminal happiness that is fairly ef-

Gandht could present any real trouble.
And finally Ian Charleson (that fleet-footed
Scotsman from Chariots 0/ Fire) returns to
the screen again as a clergyman who wants
to help Cranth but cannot because Ire Is
British. and the people of litdia must
believe that they can do it on their own.
The American contingent Is also well
represented with the performances of Mar-
tin Sheen as the New York Times reporter
who tells the world of the British attrocities
and sways world opinion In favor of Indian
Independence to fight that was close to
America's heart). and Candice Bergen as
the Life Magazine reporter who lirrds Gan-
dhi (it the end of his life and unknowingly
recorded the last day of his life. All these
performances were exceptional. only ad-
ding to an already great film.
Producer/director Richard Atten-
borough struggled to get this project off the
ground for 20 years. As a result of this film
(dedicated to Nehru for his help and sup-
port arrd Lord Montbatteir without whose
intercession and vision India would never
have gained selfrule). India has been
opened for other film companies. Atten-
borough's strong feelings for the man and
the legend comes through in the film. John
Briley wrote a screenplay that avoids for
the most part epic idealism without losing
the truth and inspiration of this man. You
cannot make a film with hope of changing
people's lives. Briley has done this biit left
the Implications for the audience to take

_ and interpret as they wish,

The Directors of Photography. Billy
Williams and Ronnie Taylor found India in
all its poverty and splendor. a juxtaposition
that still exists today. They have made the
hills and the Ganges alive so the viewer can
feel the majesty of India. Completing this
picture is the original music by Ravi
Shankar. which. as It always has been. Is
the best of Indian music.

Epic films have not been a part of
modern film history. mostly because big
studios feel they are unsellable. In fact. At-
tenborough had approached every major
studio for backing and all had turned him
down. Strangely enough when they saw

the film they all tried to outbid each other

i

   

 

 

r 7 JD

aspects on"

fecttve. It brings a sense of the loss from the
beginning. full-circle with the victory In the
middle sticking out like a populist abbert-
tion.

With Its mix of motives and tones. The
Verdict would be much more of a mess
were it not for the brilliant performance of
Paul Newman. For the first time In his
25-year career. I was convinced that
Newman was an actor and not just a per-
sonality. The smug arrogant swagger has
left his walk. and his face ls able to show
some emotion other than a smirk. Hts des-
cent lnto the depths of Galvin Is totally con-
vincing. Part of the reason that the film's

_tone ts uncertain Is that Newman doesn't

appear to play up to Its popular aspects.
He portrays Galvin as a man whose
chances of salvation are minimal at best
and who. at the end. has achieved only a
slight rebirth. one that is In jeopardy the
moment he leaves the courtroom. This Is a
superb piece of acting.

Rampllng and Lindsey Crounse. In a
small but Important role. give excellent per-
formances. Her work In Woody Allen's
Stardust Memories. combined with her
performance here Indicate that Rampiing
may yet become a powerful actress.

The Verdict's biggest flaw Is Its script
which has some obvious plot problems. If
you can figure out the connection between
the girl and the other law firm before the
end. you're a far better viewer titan I am.
However. It has a lot going for It. It
manages to be both Intelligent and enter-
taining. and It gives us a character that
enables Paul Newman to finally prove
himself. If nothing else. The Verdict Is In‘
teresttrrg for Its conflicting messages and
desires. At a time when most movies are
made carelessly arid sirrugly, it is somewhat
comforting to know that someone out there
has a shred of ambition. even if he does
feel guilty about It. '

.9

~ int-n11

(dme

 

I:
t

 

   

 

. Av- *.

 

 

Ben Kingsley as Mahatma Gandhi. "

 

for distribution rights This Is a film that
stands with movies like Dr. Zhiuago.
Lawrence of Arabia and Gone With the
Wind. with one important difference. that
Gandhi was a man. he lived. and his
memory lives on. Interestingly this Is the
first British film ever made about the
Mahatma. It was well worth the wait.

See this movie. It Is a rare example of ex-
ceptional film making. The lines to get In
may be long.‘ but It is well worth the wait,

 

Patience was Gandhi's greatest virtue. _ El

mum—u Nun-unmwm mm  r » ‘

 

