 

 

8a Women In  writer Sara Blacher Cohen:

Andy Carroll: Defenders of the Faith.

ca-«rnm'om>

anus

1

31‘s

. New
Fum‘ri 7 ~ in ' no..- .-M.m a-

childhood In Appleton. Wiscon-
‘ sin — a town 30 miles south of
Green Bay, 90 miles north of
|Milwaukee. and .800 miles east of New
York City's Lower East Side — gave
SUNYA English professor Sarah Blacher
Cohen an early schooling In the conflicts
that would come to dominate Jewish-
American culture for the better part of the
century. Growing up the daughter of Im-
migrant parents and as a member of the
town's sole Jewish family meant lessons In
alienation. Isolation. and assimilation. and
above all an education In the difficulties of
reconciling pride In one's religious arid
cultural background with shame In the
thick Yiddish accents and broken English
of one's parents.

These same themes have also come to
dominate the essays contained in Cohen's
From Hester Street to Hollywood. her third
book and the first volume in the Indiana
University Press's "Jewish Literatue and
Culture" series. The eighteen essays In the
book (subtitled "The Jewish-American
Stage and Screen") trace the Jewish con-
tribution to America's performing arts from
Its birth in the Yiddish theater. to Its In-
troductlon Into the mainstream. and along
its trip west to HollyWood. Yet as diverse as
the topics are. including Anthony Lewis on
stand-up conredy. Leslie Field on Paddy
Chayefsky. and essays on Lillian Hellman.
Arthur Miller. Mel Brooks and Woody
Allen. all are guided by a similar theme:
like Professor Cohen's introductory essay.
"Yiddish Origins and Jewish American
Transformations." Front Hester Street to
Hollywood has grown beyond a "That's
Entertainment" in a skull cap and forelocks
to examine not only what the Jewish con- i
tribution to the arts has been. but to what
degrees of pride and shame the Jew has ,
been depicted by the Jew. '

F

J

Between 1882 and 1903. 1.300.000
Yiddish-speaking Jews left the ghettoes
and shtetls of Eastern Europe for the ghet-
toes and shtetfs of the New World. For
most the ghetto part was easy. as they sail-
ed from Ellis island to the crowded
tenements of the Bowery and the Lower
East Side. Recreattng the familiar.
hometown feeling of the shtetl. or village.
was another story. To compensate for this
loss of a traditional lifestyle there arose
what Cohen calls the “vibrant but not
awesome Yiddish theater." Heavy on "sac-
charine melodramas. eclectic musicals amd
macaronic comedies," the Yiddish theater
also became an outlet for a great variety of '
social concerns and served as a catalyst for
community involvement. in an alien land It
gave the Immigrgnt Jews something to call
their own.
But based as It was on the language of an
old world. the Yiddish theater was doomed
to be at best a transitional theater. It
ﬂourished during the twenties and early
thirties, but had to yield to an audience
becoming more affluent. and more
Americanized. Changing their names.
language. and occupations. says Cohen.
Jewish Immigrants left their "clannish
'theatrical bathhouse' to jump into the non-
sectartan melting pot to wash away their
greenhorn identity." The legacy of the Yid-
dish theater comes to us less In the form of
a cherished literature than it does through
the names of some of Its biggest stars —
especially those who managed the
theatrical transition from the Yiddish to
Yankee.

El
Paul Muni. Molly Picon. and Stella Adler
are the most famous of those who manag-
ed the jump. and signify the second wave
in the Jewish-American theater. No longer
a parochial commodity. Jewish performers
now had to learn to present themselves to a
gentile audience. In vaudeville halls.
burlesque houses and night clubs they had
to learn to cater not only to former Yiddish
theater fans but to a more universal public.
Eddie Cantor, Georgie Jessel. Sophie I
Tucker, Al Jolson. and Fanny Brice are
among those who found a formula:
unashamed of being Jewish, according to
Cohen, they mingled "breezy
Americanisms with racy YIddtshisms" In an
effort to amuse, not mallgn. their people.
Eddie Cantor sang "Ylddle on Your Fid-
dle. Play Some: Ragtime," Fannie Brice
sang “l'm an Indian" In a Jewish accent.
and Jolson played a cantor's son singingl

 

 

 

Sam Blather Cohen, editor.
of From Hester Street to
Hollywood. explores
Jewish-American themes of
Filmdom.

 

 

 

 

"Mammy" In blackface. Yet their
Jewishness was neither a dominant nor an
assertive part of their acts. and it would
take decades before Jewish comics ap-
peared undtsgulsedly as Jews.

Yet compared to action on the
"legitimate" stage. the night club come-
dians were virtually advertising their
Jewishness. Cohen blames not only the
National Origins Act and an upsurge of
anti-Semitism for the de-Semitization at the
beginnings of true Jewish-American
drama. but the assimilated Eastern-
European Jews of the twenties as well.
who had no desire for playwrights to depict
them as any different from other
Americans. And fearful of offending au-
diences with dramas either “evoking pre-
judice or battling it." Broadway backed
"safe." ecumenical dramas like Ann
Ntchol's Abte's Irish Rose. In that 1922
comedy. Jewish Able woos and conquers
lrish Rose. along with her Roman Catholic
family and any notions of religious Infiex-
Ibllity. When Jews did appear In dramas.
they fit into a setting of ethnic diversity. the
prevailing artistic attitude being that of
Elmer Rice (born Elmer Leopold Reizens-
tein). author of Tire Adding Machine and
the Pulitzer Prize—winning Street Scene.
who declared. "I have never paraded my
origin. but l have never tried to deny It."

Cl

Sarah Cohen sees manifestations of
Rice's philosphy. to varying extents. In
playwrightlng of the next 40. and even 50
years. While she excuses the socially-
conscious. “Jewish bourgeois" playwright
Clifford Odets from what she calls this
"etltnlc blandness" (praising. among other
things. the rich language he created from

Old World and New World coiloqulalisms),

she sees Its rise again in the a-Semitlc
dramas of the thirties and most of the for-
ties. In some ways. the de-Semitlzatlon was
a shocked response to the rise of Hitler; in
others It was a backlash among Jewish in-
tellectuals against a Jewish community
they saw as having grown complacent and

‘share the

 

self-seeking. Whatever the reasons.
playwrights like Arthur Miller "sensed that
the climate was unfavorable for
homegrown ethnic drama." and created.

as in Miller's Death of a Salesman..

recognizably Jewish characters shorn of
Jewish references. Few. however. sup-
pressed their Jewishness to the degree
Lillian Hellman did: even her two World
War Two plays. Watch on the Rhine and
The Searching Wind, contain no direct
reference to Jews or their persecution.

Tracing this trend to the present day.
Cohen finds a writer like Neil Simon. who
even through the "philo-Semitic" sixties
was turning out Jewish-"style" plays In

which "there Is no attempt to grapple with .

any Jewish issue that does not provide Im-
mediate comic relief."

Cl .

If there are villains In the history of the
Jewish‘American stage and screen. then
Cohen finds them in the hills and backlots
of Hollywood. The 19305 marked the
height of Jewish control of the movies. and
a near total absence of Jewish subject mat-
ter on the screen. Adolph Zukor, William
Fox. Louis Mayer and Samuel Goldwyn.
and the Warner brothers all headed
studios. And yet their pictures. writes

'Cohen. "reflected the America of their

heart's desire —— a place where people

.have the same non-distinctive names.

speak the same unaccented language, and
same undivided national
loyalties." Ethnically particularized Broad-
way plays became WASP vehicles in
Hollywood. Actors were encouraged to
change their names to sound less Semitic.
And as on the stage. the War was treated in
patriotic terms and with a careful avoidance
of the "Jewish question."

The decade following the unquestioned
rule of the Hollywood moguls was little bet-
ter, but even_the threats of the McCarthy
era, in which a number of Jewish artists
were suspected of affiliations with com-
munists, submitted to what Cohen calls “a

 

 

 

fever of ethnicity infecting the country."
The wttch~hunts of the fifties gave way to
pride In the emergence of Israel. causing
second- and third-generation Screenwriters
to create films championing the Jews of
both ancient and modern Israel. On Broad-
way. audiences were flocking to The World
of Shofonr Ale/chem and Fiddler on the
Roof ("You don‘t have to be Jewish." the
ads proclaimed). Even the Holocaust
began to be treated. as in stage and movie
treatments of The Diary of Ann Frank and
The Wall. Yetthese efforts often fell short.
and when not relying on grand historical
misconceptions. failed to capture the hor-
ror of the camps or their implications.
"Such a dark truth Broadway and
Hollywood were unwilling to convey."
writes Cohen.
True redemption for the Jewish film and
stage. artistically and at the box office.
came In the sixties and seventies. when
young filmmakers drew on their family ex-
periences while feeling no need to conceal
their Jewishness. The particular brand of
neurotic Jewish humor that had thrived In
night clubs and on recordings transferred
successfully to the screen thanks to Woody
Allen, Barbra Streisand proved the
marketability of a Jew who (puns Cohen)
obeys the commandment "of not changing
your noses or your Moses." And Mel
Brooks became big box office by not mere-
ly Semitizing his films. but by over-
Semltizirrg them. Writes Cohen. "The film
image of the Jew. . has become a highly
saleable product readily purchased by both
Gentile and Jewish consumers of mass
entertainment."
U
The particulars of Sarah Cohen's
biography seem to Indicate that she was
destined to do nothing different than what
she does right now: that Is. reading.
disseminating. and teaching Jewish-
Americ'an culture. Start with her immigrant
background. which gives her first-hand
knowledge of what Is essentially the foun-
dation of the Jewish-American experience.
[at least until recently. Her upbringing was
essentially bilingual. Next take the conflicts
.which might arise when the members of
'your family are the only JeWs In town.
Cohen remembers both singing with old
Jewish men at a neighboring synagogue.
and being forbidden by her father to sing
church hymns in the school choir (until she
promised only to hum the offending
words).
Add to this mixture an early Infatuation
with the stage. and a short happy history.
. playing character roles In high school, col-
lege. and summer stock. Finally. bring into
play a love of scholarship, and an
'academlc road which would include the,
University of Illinois. UC Berkely, and a‘
PhD. from Northwestern University.
The only thing missing form the formula
is the urban experience, an understanding
of which Is essential to the study of Jewish-l

American culture. which. after all. Is an ur-l .

ban phenomenon. Cohen views her
teaching experience at SUNYA (where
Ishe's been since 1972. and where she'll'
become a full professor in the fall) as a way‘
of filling that gap. "I still feel like a tourist."
she says of New York. "I find my students
have the inside information when It comes.
to the city."

Nonetheless. she finds that experience
’may be exhausted as a source of raw
;material for theater and literature. Of more
irecent Jewish-American stagecraft she
writes. "Yet beneath this product's appeal«
Ving Semitic surface. it lacks cultural and
religious density." What. if anything, will fill‘
'this vacuum?

Cohen sees hope In the aternative
theater groups and filmmakers who are
(“Importing authentic Jewish content."
,These include the Jewish Opera Series at
‘INew York’s 92nd St. Y. Stanley
Brechner's American Jewish Theater at the
Y. and Ran Avni's Jewish Repertory
Theater, They have tapped ancient Biblical
and modern Israeli sources for words and
music. and. she writes. "have caused the
phoenix of Jewish creativity to rise again."
She also sees hope In that her field. once
deemed "too parochial" by academic ad-
visors. Is being given more regard than ever
before.

"There Is a loss of the complexity that

was the Immigrant experience, says
Cohen. “That saddens me. but I like to be
surprised." D,

 

 

 

     
    
 
 
  
  
    
    
    
    
  

omen 111 Art: Film Director Agnes Varda

:  I he Mother Of The New er

uleru comforted Iiy llottid f..l.. f.uskirr.

Benjamin. Linda Quinn and Rob
onnor

‘IZCTS: flack In 1954 ttthcrt your first [tint

e out. how did you fuel rrlrrntt other

unit-tits that were around -~ Sflll'l' tlu'tt'
' uery It‘ttl established ortistic forms. Sur-
, and other L‘IItL‘IIIttht' styles tin-rt.- fust
(oping at that ttnre.l'fow did you feel about
rig on this edge, this frontier?

DA: In terms of cinema. In '54. there was
movement at all. You're speaking about five
 before the beginning of the New Wave. So

‘ was nothing. There were films made. but
09 did not look like movement at all, They
_  just commercial films. some made by good

directors. by the way. Anrt of course Bresson
was already there. but he was not a movement
in himself. Surrealism. which has been very im»
portant for me. was a movement of years ago.
But Surrealism and old painting have Influenced
me a lot. So I didn't come to the movies from
the movies. That Just makes me different. lets
say. from the New Wave people. most of whom
"came already from being cinema fans. They
Would go to the Cinentateque every day. Peo-
ple like Resnsals. Truffaut. they knew all the
history of cinema before they started. On that
level I was very different. because I didn't go to
movies. I didn't know movies. and l was not
ming from the love of movies. lioved painlitrg
the time. and literature. When I did my first
' I'd not seen ten films — l'd seen maybe
ht. And I was 24. 25. But that‘s the way It is
m not saying It's good or bad. i didn‘t go to
Ivies. I went to the theater. I read. I was not
th people who liked films. So when I wrote
'  made my first film. f.a Point Cottrtc. i was
brnlng from nowhere In terms of cinema. I had
ever opened a movie camera before. I was
malty an arttodtduct (a self-taught person) Then
ﬁltarted to see films. and learn. and know that
h re Is a history of films that I could enjoy and
I m from. But it Just happened like tlrls. Attire

e I started my first film i lrad no cinematic
ture at all. I didn't know the name of Viscorrti.
had never read a movie magazine. The
hiers de Cinema already existed; I had never
en it. Never heard of it. at that time. I came
or really out of the woods. it gave me a big
edom. It gave me a big sense of ‘do lrow you
_ l.' If I had been through knowing the millieu.i
ouid never have dared to do It. I dared to do a

l' 9 length feature fiction film with no ex-
rlence at all. Only my experience as a
otographer. But that's all I knew. So the film
(:1 been written and shot with a total freedom
inﬂuences, in terms of cinema. lwas Inﬂuenc-
' by painting. lwas very impressed; I thought It

s the best I could do. to have people look like
I ese paintings, which didn't make sense. But
it don't have to Judge our own beliefs. In-
uences. and impressions. That's what we feel
tthe time. And we have the right not only to be
tong. but to be different.

SPECTS: So do you see youself as a port of
he New Wave mouement?

ARDA: I became part of it. because at one
oint the movement became general. My first
' r- iltn was five years before this became clear. And
‘ hey call me the grandmother of the New-Wave.

' e became the Nouvelle Vague because of
what we had in common. which was clear,
economically clear. it's what i called 'peopie of

less than 30 years old. using less that lit) million
francs.‘ One thing Is certain. They were low
budget films. made In total freedom.

ASPECTS: The new wave was a break from

E

 

  
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
  

 

'h

 
 

 

iirnis. Ilrt'fr inti'lltrt ts. trt the film ntt'tfitirrr Is Ihis
\fifl cirrrllrrtting. or lrus ffil’ NI'It' \Utfi't’ gtrirt' iltt'
itlllly of so rrtririy tiffir'l t‘pftt'tilt’lttl till
1 nttiiti'rnt’tttsl’ Arid I5 fflt'It‘ n NI'III Worm or
underground flltlilt'flit'fif ft'tftty."

: VAIfI)/\: 'i'lie Illlth’liit'ili is by ilvfniiiltnt thong-
ing. ‘l‘ltr- Movetnetrt' ts first the state of the
Itinventent. The itttIVL'liit‘llI guns on ll)lt'\’t".
from the first silent films to now The only thing
is that sometimes it is defined and given a
ritrmeSn the New Wave. is defined as that ex-
plosion of freedom around l‘lirti Irt France. and
tlrLI youth of the filmmakers. because this was
very different. [it America or iii I’rtiirce. you hurt
to be in the system for years. you were never
given a chance before 45 years old to be a direc-
tor. more or less. So just by taking the right of
making a filrri. there was already arr expression
of new freedom. Itr money In writltig. A lot of
the New Wave directors were authors. writing
and directing their own screenplays This allow-
ed them to change on the set. write a little
dialogue here and there. decide suddenly. 'well.
this is good weather. let‘s make another scene '
This made it very different. This has made a big
change In the world cinema. The whole world. I

 

 

 

 

(‘rinirrrd .rrrrl Warhol have been changing the
face III the t inertia ltlritik they are both very trrr
pittiritrt Ilut Warhol is an artist. he didn't need
the cinema lie crime from painting Cliit'Iilri
hits fret-n one of hrs ways of exploiting the
system. in the American system lit"5 a genius In
Trance we love hirri. but we do not take him the
same way Iir ti way. he's Just playing wttit
everything too much. We have people like
(ititlrtl'tl. who I think is a very. very important
director. maybe the most Important fit these past
20 years. He broke the rules. he thinks on
another level Ile's describing our society tntrrtI
and better than anybody around lthink lie is lit-
audible. in French culture Godard is very irn~
portant. Language, cinematic language. French
language. the way he uses them Arid l ihtrik it's
a very lrrtporttint polrit he's made about culture
It's a provocative statement. because he Is a pro
vocator. I'IL' makes you mad, he disturbs you we
that is a provocator. II can lead to nowhere. and
it can lend to something. And he is the best. He
makes provocative propositions. shaking our
heads to say. 'lrey. where are we. with
language. words. images. and relationships?I
rASI’ffCTS: He's radical

‘ 7 arda: We must allow ourselves to become

artists sometimes.

 

would say. has been influenced by the French
New Wave. Includlrig American Directors So I
think it has been an important movement What
is occuring is Just the change. because other
people came. other ways of working \vttii
cinema. Very irtiportani filmmakers came out
and tirade different statements In different ways.
50 the New Wave. In terms of what it was. is no
longer there. This Is clear. Tire directors are
older. Even though some of them continue to
use the same way of working. like me. But most
of the directors of the New Wave became more
established. like Truffaut. and Derny. they work
with much tiiore money. much more ease —‘ Its
much more organized. They are no longer what
they used to be. Rivette remained. I remained.
more or less I would say that the spirit of the ten
years of the French New Wave between 'tril and
'70 is unique. and cannot be considered as stays
tng like it was It‘s good that It Is ephemeral. It
gives freedom to the people to go elsewhere.
ASPECTS: What do you Iliink of the state of
non-conrrriercial/ilrns today. the films that lie In
the middle. between commercial entertainment
and strict documentary?
VARDA: Well. in Europe and in the States it is
very different. Here. you really have the system.
You know. big films. Like Tootsie — a good
film. well made. well acted. a good theme — but
this Is a system film. And here you have the
underground films. the documentaries. which
are far away. There Is not so much middle. In
t France we Irave a lot of middle; I'm really to the
! middle Like One Sings. the Other Doesn't. this
1 was not a system film. It was totally free. very
' cheap. It could not exist in the system. yet it is
not an underground film. It got a normal
distribution. and went out lti normal movie
theaters. So there is that category of films. which
exists much more In Europe than here. They are
tirade with less money, and don't need as large
an audience. There are some here. like My Din-
ner With Andre. Eating Raoul. I could find like
three or four of these — they are very rare. This
Is very different. We iravu a lot of middle
category films. In which the energy is big the
money Is small. but they are normally distributed
and make a certain amount of money.
ASPECTS: And urhnt ore yottr uterus totttords

 

traditional cinema. which enabfL'd artists to ex-

qutfejhefnImpressions. their ldt'tts. their ento-

 

Andy Worhol and his cinctrtoi’
' VAitDA: i think it's very Important. I think

 

VARDA: You call that radical here. He Isa very
gifted artist. Because radical here means Just to
make a statement arid go He's going much fur-
ther titan Andy Warhol in his way of being dif-
fererit.
ASPECTS: Could you explain your rclattortl
ship. and the relationship of your fthrrs. to the
Women's rrrouenient?
VARDA: in the New Wave 1 was the only
woman. I was always treated as a filmmaker.
and not as a woman filmmaker l was treated as
a filmmaker. So I could not complain about the
way I was seen. A lot of women recognized tire
.rs somebody who deals with the image of
woman. and what it does. as I did in Cleo Front
5 to 7. It is a discreet. but very Clear feminist
ftlrn. I mean all that business of mirrors. atrd be-
Irrg seen as art obiecl.a lovely kitten. and then
deciding to get up. to get rid her wig. to go out.
to say. ‘I see with my own eyes.‘ And she sees
everything very differently. So it is the passage.
the switch from passivity to activity, that make it
a heavy feminist statement: 'we cannot be
manipulated. seen. described by others. We
have to take ourselves. our choices. and see
ourselves by ourselves.‘ And it was taken like
this. The women's movement became very Im-
portant. and very radical. I was seen as not be
irrg radical enough by some in the women's
movement. 50 according to who sees the film.
where and when. and which one of my films It
is. and what Is the movement — as you know.
In feminism we have many movements — l've
been seen as a very feminist. and sometimes a
less feminist filmmaker.

We depend on societal phenomena that we
cannot control. A film has to meet an audience
need. and It must come at the right moment.
This you cannot control — you have to feel it.
It's the society you have to feel. Like One Sings,
the Other Doesn't. came when everybody was
starting to be bored with the women‘s move-
ment. But I was still thinking. is there a film
which expresses tirat, tells what happened.
discusses that evolution of that fighting for the
right of abortion. contraception. and freedom In
love? These have all been discussed. but at
some poltit we needed outI film which would ex~
presses that. not so much to say. ‘Alr. we are
mad. we are angry. we have had It' and all this.

but also. 'we are full of toy. we are full of

 

mw> manmnm> S

in»...

counc~

 

r-tri-rgy' i noticed how lilllt’ of that women's
energy. WI rttrcn's my. the women's way til lit'llttl
ttt'lIVtE. lrtrtl itiII hut-n expressed. including lit
stirru‘ \‘i'iU gtrml itltrts Sit IIIC filtrr crime at n IIIIII‘
\Vltt'll pi-tgrle wore saving 'wliere.‘ speaking
ttIttrlti llrrrt r'ru'lgy \vltii‘lr curries out of women,
Mrrybt- lhtI ‘utlltt' ftlrrr. five years before, would
iIt|\‘i' IN't'it rivaling too much wttit energy when
pt'ttllii' Wrtitll'tl rtr tlt‘tll with anger. And \tlren
llIt' filtrr name out. because these two women
are so flill of energy. Itili of natural enjoyment of
life. some fi-rrtitiists t'tllitt.‘ to me and said. 'lrnw
could you iltrrt! make this film so )oyfitl. with so
many colors n it looks like a cakel' Arid tr lot of
other people said 'thank God there is somebody
to show iIiill we tire alive. that we don't watrt to
die Willi anger and revolt.’ So you cannot please
everybody. Including the feminists. Some of
them were helped. very cheered up and elec~
"third by the ftlrn. and some dfdrt't like it. didn't
ftrid it radical enough Fine. they can make
other films. i'ni riot determined to please
everybody. because i cannot. The real miracle
of a film Is when you cart feel what's happening
In the society. and reach your goal without
betraying yourself
ASI’IECTS. Most films that make a point do so
by telling a story. not by revealing and express»
trig the personality ofthtt creator. Your films are
. very personal. How do you go about that pro-
l cuss u/ irrtns/orrrrtng your feelings. perceptions.
and IIIIIJII.’SSI(NIS into a particular film?
VARIM. An artist Is a person who elopes
himself or herself to art front a personal poirit of
view Not that i say that I am The eye, or The
law It has nothing to do with tyranny or
manipulating. or saying. 'look. this is the
answer I have a question. this Is my answer.’
No way! This will be my way of raising the ques-
tion This film is my way of bringing the question
on the table. and saying. 'Hey folks. are you
irelpirig me to resolve It'." Being an artist ls allow-
ing yourself to be yourself. Being an artist you
:aruiot stop vourself from doing It. It's like a
.ree. you cannot stop it frorii bearing its fruit I'm
really full of images and ideas and sounds and
feelings and things that I'tn desperately trying to
capture. Every day of my life, I see things. I feel
things. i see color. movement. Impressions, and
they are related to cinema. If I could capture
that. if a film could be full of these things l've
seen and felt. and the connection of things and
the non-connection of things. and the incredible
effect of chance. You put It In a screenplay. It
doesn't even look true. it looks too organized. I
love films to be witnesses of this and give them a
shape that I like. but the sirape I like I cannot
define. because that is the thing I am worktrrg on
every time | make another film. You have to
think about the shape and the feeling at the
same time' — that makes you a filmmaker. more
than writing a screenplay. i like It that sometimes
.feel a travelling shot before I feel what Is written
in the story. Maybe I feel a movement or a color
before I know what they will tell each other.l find
i sad sometimes. If i know what the story will
re. So this Is the feeling. Being an artist/film»
maker. it comes out of me all the time. the. feel-
Itrg. the impression that sometimes technical will
come before. sometimes the story. sometimes a
line. I allow myself to say that If i like the comA
binatton of all this. It must be good enough. On
that level my own life becomes my own films.
Not that they are autobiographical — most of
my films don't deal with my life. but deal with
10W ifeel. Iwould say it comes naturally. If you
.illow yourself to be natural about what you feel.
You can always catch what's there. If you have
your emotional material to deal with it.
Sometimes you can't do this because it's too dif-
ficult to deal with. You still have to work it out..
and be efficient as an artist/filmmaker —- and
too bad if that way of working is not In fashion In
these times of efficiency for money. We must

 

, allow ourselves to be artists sometimes. [3

.a

 

