  
   

s Est- .ﬁwww 15*... -.. ,. V

 

 

we...“ .

.s-
‘.,V...

h».~ '

u». k-

 

 

B Mare Schwurz
ASSOC/ll I'L' SI'UR I 8‘ I’ll] [UR

 

Andy Seras was unsuccessful in ltis bid to
become Albany's first Division 1 All-
American since Warren Crow accomplished
that fcrtt in 1967.

Competing at tltc NCAA Division I na-
tional championships itt Oklahoma City.
Oklahoma. for the first tirtte. Scras won orte
ntatch arid lost ltis second.

He pinned Drexel‘s Phil Gottlick at t:50 of
tltc ﬁrst period to win his first round ntatclt.
In tltc second rottttd. Seras fell beltirtd early
to Tony Arena ol' I'lofstra. Trailittg the
Atlantic Coast Conference champion 8-1
after two periods. Seras‘ comeback fell short
as he lost the match. 10-8.

ltt order for Seras to advance itt tltc tottr-
ttarttettt following the defeat, Arctta needed
to defeat ltis next oppottertt. Darrel Barley of
l.cbiglt. Ilnrley was the defending rtational
champion attd is orte of only five wrestlers itt
NCAA history to tuake it to the fittals. four
consecutive years. Iltulcy det'eated Arena
12-3 knocking Set-as out of the tournarttertt.

11y virtue of his pirt of (Iottlick, Seras
amassed two team points for Albarty.

“1 jtrst didn't wrestle well at all." Scras
said. “It wtrs jttst art ofl' weekend."

“Andy did rt t all good job. It tvas a good
tottrttarttertt for him. it's a big evettt. pro-
bably \ery tottglt on a gtty wtestlirrg tltcre for‘
tltc first time." Albatty State wrestling coach
Joe DeMco cortttrtcttted. "We are disap-
pointed that lie didn't rttake All-American.
bttt lte didn‘t ltavc a good rttatclt agaittst
Arena. The first two periods he was off. btrt
he did a good job iii the third period."

Scras‘ per forrttattcc corrtpleted what corrld
arguably be called the fittest season ever by
an Albarty State wrestling teartt. 'l'ltc tearrt
tirrislted se\ctttlt lit the rtatiort. their Itigltest
ranking ever trial had four Division lll All-
Arncricatts. artotlter team record. the Danes
recorded a 1.14 dual tttect record against
what DeMco tcrrrtcd \cry tottglt competition.

" this was probabh the best team I coach-
ed irt tc‘uts of indisiduals " Dc.\leo said.

The Dartes entered tltis season trying to top
last years record breaking season. In 198140..
Albarty placed llllt irt tltc ttatiott attd had
tltrec All-Americans.

 

 

   

 

wash-3&4» - a. .

 

MARCH [5. I983

  
  

ear for grapplers



 
 
 

i

i
\

age}.

5‘33?»

    

 

 

ALAN CALEM Ul’E;

Senior co-capteln Vlc Herman, shown here defeating Boston Untverslt '9 Dave Ko lovlt -
honors. He has the most career wins in Albany history. y p 2' gamed Dmsmn I“ All American

Albany begatt the scasort where they left
off tltc year before by captttrirtg the (ircttl
Darte Classic for tltc secottd year itt a row.
The Dartes otcrwltelnted the 15 other l)i\i-
siort l. 11 artd 111 schools by sertdirtg rrirte
\\I'L'sllL'1‘S to the finals ottt of a possible It)
finalists. Scras easily defended his title. attd
Rob Spagttoli w on ltis first Classic champion-

ship by defeating teatrttttate llartcy Statiltcts
at 126-pottnds.

l-'o|lowittg a tlttcc week layoff. the Danes
begart their dual meet season. Albany crnslt-
ed their early scasort opportettts ittcltrdirrg irn-
pr'cssivc victories over SUNYAC r'itals
llingltamton. 40-6. Potsdam. .‘ll~tt, arid ("or-
tlattd. 3?.»9. irt the .sartte day. DeMeo viewed

those trittrttplts as the best irt any one day by
art Albarty teartt. 'l'lte sictories asettged run
of the Danes tlttcc losses tlntt they ltad sus
fered tltc year before itt compiling a 17-3

record.
Albarty was ltortte for the first tirrtc on
Dccctnbcr' It). as they pttt they perfect ﬁt)
19>

 

 

By Illff Fischer

Tonight at 7:00. two virtually unknown teams. Robert
Morris and Georgia Southern. will tip off one of
America's premier sportittg events, the NCAA b' ctball
tournament. As secttts the case caclt season. this year‘s ex-
travaganra prontiscs to be the most exciting yet. There
really is tto startdottt tcartt which stands above the other
fifty-one. bttt cortte April 4 itt Albuquerque. someone

will.
Around
the
.

R117”!
The controsetsy that was present last season rcall)
ttc\ct materialized this year. Sure. teams like 'I'CU arid
South Carolina ltad legitimate claims to Nt’AA bids, bill
they really ditl ttot gel cheated. as lirudlcy did a year ago.
So. we go into this year's totrrrtarttettt with the highest
quality tttost evenly matched tourrtarrtertt yet. arid picking
winners is none too easy.

The liast rcgiott is probably the weakest of tire fotrr
even tltottglt it is probably strongest dtrrittg the season,
but Virginia. Boston College and Villanova are clsewlterc.
It scents strange tltat St. John's. the Ilig [East champ, got a
Itarder draw than Syracuse, the fifth plrtcc teartt itt that
lcagrre. Both Rutgers arid SW Louisiana. one of which
will play St. John’s. are probably better than Ohio St.. the
team Syracuse will plrty after they dispose of mighty
Morehcad St. And if Syracuse can get by the Buckeyes-

 

 

   
 

 

they‘ll be playittg llte rest of the regional itt their owrt Car<
rier Dome. Quite a reward for beirtg the fifth-best tcattt itt
your conference.

Most observers would probably jtttnp on North
Carolina or St. John's as regional chatttp. hill 1 tltittk this
is where art unexpected teant cart come through attd get a
trip to Albuquerque. Tilt: team? How about the Rutgers
Scarlet Knights. a teattt that anonymously grabbed
twenty-two wins. The Knights were in the liittal 1-‘our itt
1976. and their coach, Tom Young. is one of America's
best. 1 think Rutgers will play itt Albuqtrerquc.

'l'lte Mideast region is very. very tough. Louisville is the
top seed. bttt l tltirtk their first garttc will be the toughest
of the four seeds; with the Cardirtals facing either Mar-
qtrctte or 'fettrtessee. lttdiatta has looked awesotne at
\arioustimcs.ltutwithout'i‘edKitclte|.1dott‘t think they
cart do it. especially if they ltave to play ZJ-game winner
()klaltotna itt their first game. 1 look for tltc Kentucky
Wildcats to emerge victorious irt the Mideast. as Melsirt
'l‘ur'pirt ltas developed into one of America‘s finest big
men; so rtttrclt so tltal Sam llowie has hardly been rrtissed.
Kentucky will join Rutgers irt Alltttqttct‘qttc.

lousivillc latts were upset that tltc ('at'dittals did trot
play itt the Midwest. so that their first two gatttes would
bc at l~rcedorn llall. llut the Cardinals are itt l€sansville.
leaving tltc Midwest as the rttost abstract of regions.
(ieorgetown is always a threat. httt the l-loyas ltavc a
distinct w 'akttess inside ' .' on as Pat I‘iwing sits dowrt.
and with big men like Keith Lee. Steve Sttpanoviclt, .lolrrt
Pinone anti Akcern ()lajnwon lit the region. Georgetown
scents an ttrtlikely candidate. Houston is now number one
irt America. btrt that‘s a hittdcrattcc in Marclt. The
Cougars will rtrtt, rttn. rttn. but they won’t run to Albu-
querque. Neitlterrwill Villanova. or inconsistent Alabama.
or overrated Memphis State. That leaves the Iowa-

 

T he NCAA road to Albuquerque gets underway

Missouri bracket. I firmly believe that the winner of this
gartte. asstrtning that lowa beats Utalt 51.. will win the
region. artd l'm pickittg Missouri to do it. They've been
close for four years. attd led by settiors Jon Sundvold artd
Stipanoviclt. I think Missouri will wirt the Midwest.

Just as the East regiott dipped itt talent. the West ltas
risen. joining the West's lltree good teattts. UCLA.
UNLV attd Washington State. are Virginia. lllinois.
lloston College. Big ti clrarttp Oklahoma State artd ACC
('harnp NC State. This is the tttost interesting region, with
a trerttcrtdous vrtriety o'f pltilosopltics. NC State is totally
dependent on the 17 foot 3 poirtter, attd will lose qtrickly.
since there is rto girntttickry it) the NCAA tontrtatttettt.
llopefully. UNLV will play UCLA, itt what ltas ttrrrted
our to be the west's version of Louisvillc-Kentucky. That
would be a super ballgartte, with tltc winner tttcetirtg
Virginia itt the regiottal final. The key here, for tire. is that
tltc regional 1 ml is itt tltc high altilttde of ()gdetr. lltalt.
where stamina is a little it; 'dcr' to cortte by. So. irt tltc
finals. when all tltose iackrabbits are tvearirrg down
physically. Ralplt Sampson will still he 7 foot ~l. and tire
Cavaliers will rotrrtd otrt the l-inal 1-'our itt Albuquerque

Rutgers. Kentucky. Missouri. Virginia. You cart cottte
tip with logical reasons to pick almost arty corrtbirtatiorts
of teartts for the l’iual lr‘om. there are that tttarty good
teams. Clubs that reach the l'lllttl 1~'out' are experienced.
poised attd srttart. You can't get that far if you're not.

  

The most questionable ttt-large bid was given to Utalt
St.. a learn that won only six games last year. artd finished
third behind UNLV attd Cal-Fulcrton iii the I‘CAA this
year. It would seem that both TCU and South Carolina
were rttore deservitrg, rtot to mention
Cal-Fullerton. . . This weekend ltttd to bca great one for

19>

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

VOLUME LXX

Friday

March 18, 1983

  
     

NUMBER 14

Bus driver and Health Service layoffs revealed

 

By Steve Fertlg

Layoff notices were distributed to 35 non-
acudcmic SUNYA employees Wednesday
resulting from cuts dictated by Cuomo‘s 1983
budget. according to Vice President of
University Affairs Lewis Welch.

Of the 35 positions cut throughout the
campus. six Student Health Services posi-
tions and 9 bus drivers will be eliminated.
said Welch. The other positions out have
been scattered throughout the university and
will not effect students. Welch added.

Layoffs in health and bus services will take
effect after Mtty commencement. lte said.
while the other layoffs become effective as
early as April 7.

Welclt admitted that “tltcre is going to be rt
change" in health and bus services. but could
not say what'tltose changes would be.

The specific ctrts in positions were recom-
mended by a 20 rttetttber budget panel which
includes sttrdent representatives. faculty. ttnd
university staff, according to Dean of Stu-
dent Affairs Neil Brown.

Sttrdertt Health Services Director Dr. Janet
Hood explained that two physicians artd fottr
nurses ltave been cttt front her staff. "I don't
know ltotv to ltattdlc this." site said.

Hood predicted ltcaltlt services will riot be
as adequate as this year. Site is particularly
upset about the elimination of the iii-patient
service. The Health Service, said Hood. will
no long be able to serve "acutely ill kids who
are rtot sick enough to spend $150 iii a
hospital but too sick to go to dinner."

Efforts are beirtg rttade by the administra—
tlort to try to work orrt sortte way to save the
Student Health Service. bttt it will Itave to be
funded in a different way than before, Itood
said. Site described these past few ntontlts as
a “terrible period."

Brown said that the health service cttts
were originally to become effective on April
7. bttt the university requested attd received rt
May 22 extension by the Division of Budget.

Brown cxplairted that lie ltas reviewed local
hospital costs which are often $130-$175 per
night. arid believes the Health Service could
provide the same care for 25 pcrcertt less than

 

University striving to meet needs of

 

By Judie Eisenberg
I.u,vl purl ofu

Alongside university efforts to ittet’L' ‘
minority enrollment, SUNYA administrators
arid student leaders are working to make the
campus more responsive to the rtceds of its
minority students.

The university community is sportsorittg
worksltops. lecture series. inter-group corti—
ttttutication attd more responsive pt'ogt'arttnt-
irtg to counter racist attittrdes and promote
sensitivity towards minority concerns.

SUNYA Director for Affirmative Action
Dr. (ilor'ia DcSole said the campus is “still a

 

 

 

WARREN STOUT UPS
Carl Martin Aw”.

 

 

C‘urrtprrs while and rrtirlrlle clear.

 

 

Students Itne_u_p_tor bus; Inset: Deanvot Student Affairs Nell Brown

 

Wit/r driver t'tll.\' "I/rere would no! Ire Ilte err/)qu ties" In service all rtlT-crrrrt/rris- slirrli'rrrt. ‘5 m 7

tltttt. With the cttrrcttt rttrtnber of health
staff, Brown said the university could rtrtt “a
skeletal btrt responsible service pretty respon-
sivcly.” Right now. specific plans ltave ttot
been formulated. lte said.

Physical Plant Director Dennis Stevens
said lie is attempting to disccrtt ltow cultittg
roughly half tltc tttrrttber of bits drivers would
cffcct the students. However. llrown said
that lie forsces a bus fee being instituted.

llrown added that lie is pressing ad-
ministration hat'd “for some kind of service
to the Wellington. bttl lte acknowledged that
with tltc driver cttts. there would rtot be the
capabilities to service all off-campus
students."

Art attenth to restore bus artd health scr-

traditional structure w an ttpwardly tnobile.
middle class. while institution.“

In this kirtd ofatrttosplterc many rttittor itics
feel that there isn‘t sufficient reason for them
to feel at ltorttc. said DeSoIe.

For instance. as Admissions Director
Rodrtey llatt rtotcd. minority students are
often tttistakertly assttrtted to be part of the
lidncational Opportunity Program (litll’l. a
progratn established to help economicth
and edtrcatiorutlly deprived students ot all
racial backgrounds obtain a college edtrca»
tiort.

I-Z()l‘ Director Verrtort lluck said while 25
percent of the sttrdertts enrolled through
SUNYA's liOl’ are wltitc. irt other schools
almost everyone iii the program is wltite.

“'l'ltcre’s resentment by lilacks attd Ptterto
Ricans who rtre not I€()P." lluck said.
“They're irtttttcdiately tabbed that way."

DcSolc said that there are "a lot of
misunderstandirigs about distribution of
goods and benefits. There is still a perception
that Blacks attd Hispanics get a free ride.
This corttes from a lack of information artd a
kind of easy racism that's around."

"It's poison. bttt it's around." DeSole
said.

"Most people know what reverse
discrimination is. btrt don‘t know about
tliscrimittatiott." said DeSoIe. “They know
ltow the system cart be abrrsed. bttt ttot ltosv
the system works."

DcSolc has given lectttr to irtcr'c' '
awttretti's of campus insensitivity towards
ntittoritie.. arid the tttriversity ltas sponsored

     

 

 

 

vices will be ttttrde. said Welclt. btrt lte eotrld
not specify arty specific plans. The restora-
tion may be attempted on a fee basis frottt a
revenue rtot as of yet discovered. Also. if the
$12 rtrilliort deficit eattsirtg the layoffs is
grarttcd bttck by the state legislature. the
positions may be restored. ltc said.

According to Co—l)ircctor of the Universi-
ty News lturcau Mary 1-‘i ltctt the direc-
tiorts for the cuts ltr'st cattte from the gover-
nors office. President ()‘l.eary lrttd ltopcd to
postpone considering the number of posi-
tiorts to be cttt until the new state budget was
revealed on April 1. In the past. said 1~'icss.
rttottcy lttrs often been restored to the State
Uttiversity by the legislature after the budget

I.

 

.t lecture series to cdtrcate tltc campus on tltc
e"ccts of racism. sesism and discrimination
against the handicapped. Additionally.
DeSole ‘ltltl Associate to the Dean 'lor Stn-
tlL'lll A is Carl Martin. who lteads the ()l-
fice of Minority Stttdcrtt Services. trope to
deselop a workshop on race relations sottlt.

\Vltilc workshops arid lectures sctvc .ttt im-
portant ptrrposc. Martin feels tltc biggest
need and concern of minority students on
campus now is getting information on
everything from employment to acadertncs to
estra-eurricular work tippor'ltlttilies.

Martin said tttirtority students are often left
“out of the rttairrstreattt flow of information.
'l'ltcy are trot aware of facilities. oppor-
tunities attd programs others are aware of."

Martin attributes rnirtority students' lack
of awareness to the fact that "not trtarty are
in the Student Association or as RA's itt tltc
dornts. The Albany Student Press is rtot ell
fcctivc as it source of informatiott to sonte
groups. Programming is rtot geared towards
minority needs."

“It is a little harder for rttirtority students
to get information." said Albarty State Urt~
vict‘sity Black Alliance (ASUliA) Chair liddie
lidwards. “People don‘t realize black
students may ltave sortie apprehensions abuot
joittittg a club. If they ltavc to approach so-
tttcone that's wltite they rttrty get nervous."

lf-Idwat'ds feels the tttairt function of cartr-
pus cultural groups sttclt as ASUDA. l~'uet'/a
Latina attd llte Part (.‘at'ibb 'an Association is.
“first of all. just getting sttrdettts more in-
volved - period. Students tltcrcby go on to

 

 

 

 

WARREN STOUT IIPH

proposal was made. O'l.eary wished to wait
for the eltattee of receiving more funds.
which would cause fewer positions to be lost.
llowc said Welch. Cttottto ordered that
SUNY layoff action be taken immediately.

 

Welch said tttat tltc state budget originally
proposed that 3,000 positions across the state
carrtprrses be cttt. SUNY-Central trustees
then decided that $33 million irt ettergy costs
and deferred rttaitttettattce eottld be saved
tlrrotrgltotrt the SUNY system. saving 1.247
positions. in addition. said Welch, 428 jobs
would be saved tltrottglt a $10 million pledge
of the SUNY Certtrat trustees.,Tlte 35 layoffs
on this campus represent Albany's sltare of
the ettts. r l

m i norities
joirt other groups. rtot jtrst tninority groups,‘

Martin feels rtrinority involvement irt cant«
pus groups attd activities is crucial to minori-
ty retention. “Studies indicate that students
persist longer at a trttiscsity if they are insole
ed. it' school is’more than just going to classes
and going home."

Art added benefit to rttinority insolscmcnt
would be obtaining a mirrorin voice in ll‘dtllv
ionally ssltitc groups. In tltc past. .\l.tttirt
and. "tire taste lcl't itt minority sttrtlcrtts'
months is tltat they ltave trot been
considered."

“Americans are so ittto their otvrt culture
atrd rtecds that they don‘t consider anything
else," said Pan Caribbean Association chair
Philippe Abraham. Last year that group ltad
trouble getting Stttdettt Association ftrrtdittg
to bring Micltacl Mattlcy. former Ptitttc
Minister of Jamaica. to speak at SUNYA.

One of tltc problcrtts they faced last year.
Abraham said. was that “Americans weren‘t
aware of who lie is. We ltad to battle and
make sure tltey heard tts. We went through
all hell."

“When a person’s needs are rtot con»
sidered. that person feels left otrt. rtot a part
of it — whether it's intentional or not." Mar-
tin said.

Abraltattt noted that only a stttall number
of Caribbeart students — people frortt places
strclt as Haiti. Barbados. Trinidad. Sarita
Domingo. Aruba —-— actually make it tltrotrglt
all four years at SUNYA.

" l‘lte rrtttjority of students on campus are

7D

.....-..-.

 

