- «man-w..\

“veal ~24

 
  

t-‘t

;»_ i . i. . Lt” ‘ '. inter   
4‘ALBANY'STUDENT RESSI SEPTEMBER 36.1983

Nobody carries more models. We have hundreds
of books and magazines. We even carry robots.

   

Hewlett-Packard. Commodore. Eagle. Franklin.
E son. Texas Instruments Professional. Atari.
S nclair. Coleco Adam. Androbot.

        
 

Software galore!

 
 

Communicating micros our specialty...let us turn
your micro into a terminal.

     

We're the area's largest computer store.

I the
I I computer
I I I cellar

Westgate Plaza. Central & Colvin Avenues
Albany. New York 12206 482—1462. 482-1463

Open weeknights 'tll 9. Saturday 'til 6

  
 
      
   
       
 

 

 

 

 

l ——~.-e
\.

Mien!lou__!.9;!.__§_1u_gonss
Freshmen/Transfer Support Series

 

 

 

 

 

 

SCI"- 39‘“ - “Time Management”

oetJeh - “Study Skills” t

l

l

- “Academic Advisement In .

. 4th ‘
m“ I Preparation for Pro-Registration"l

“Dealing With Stress and

Cot. Ilst
' Test Anxiety”

All programs will be held on

In Lecture center 3.
Sponsored by

 

the Student Allele-s Dlvlslon

Monday evenings from 1-9pm

 

KAYPRO
THE COMPLETE COMPUTER

RAM: Mk.

|\\() H ()I'l'\ DISK I)ltl\ I25
\\Ilil ~ltltlk storage
SIANIIARI) Ht)l~'l\\‘Alll~l:

  

I'eilctt \K'Iim'“. I'eiIt-tt I tlt't'“.
l’i't i\'\l ( .Ilt '“. I’L'I lctl \titllct "‘. e \. Aﬁm ‘- __
tl’ M' 2 I. l'tnlitplan'“.

Wintixtnt'“. M lIASlt '.
lltc \\tutl l'ltis'“. .llltl

| t It'“
i tuli II \WMWWJN

   
  

  

St Ill | N: I! _ .\‘II \t|illl|ll| » 
\ I-l rim

kl'\llll-\I(i): \llliIiilIll'li Lulumtil “till I l kc) illlllh‘lll pail.
(I’ll: /' Ml

 

Gemini [0X printer: $395.00

.Iuki 6100 Daisy whch :5
Printer - .' $699. 00 ' .

Complete with cable

r u. .... . .t...t....... “Winn. ... It .. 1 .u. ...............t......t in... u Ilt u. .

A total software voice of over $2500.00 if purchased separately.
Call today to arrange for o Demonstration.

We also offer the complete series of Hewlett
Packard programmable calculators .

INQUIRE ABOUT OUR STUDENT DISCOUN’I' POLICY.

METROLAND 355 Como. Mom.
BUSINESS gram :5; 182200
MACHINES

 

55:: ~—

fﬁ.

 

 

 

 

 

*‘kﬁk'k'tﬁ'ﬁ'k'kﬁ'ki't‘i‘iﬁi‘ﬁ‘dﬁv'ﬁ*‘t‘i‘d’d‘
Students who have not received

their Activity sticker on
the back of their ID
can pick them up in the

CONTACT OFFICE;

Bring your ID and program card (orange)-

 

 

 

 

oeeeeeeseeeeeesseeeoeweﬂ

 

 

 

 

By Jim O'Sulllvan

A committee has been formed to ﬁght the
conviction In Oct. I982 of Albany resident
Charles Andrews for the series of assaults
known as the “Pine Hills Slashlngs."

The Charles Andrews Defense Committee
was formed in response to what was seen as
the railroading of a black tnan through the
courts system. according to Stuart Adams.
co-chairpcrson of the committee.

Andrews. 19. was sentenced to seven and a
half to 22 years in prison on October 4. I982
on two counts of assault in the "Pine Hills
SIashings.“ One of the two fetnalc victims
was a SUNYA student.

But significant discrepancies exist. accor-
ding to the committee. Both victims describ-
ed their assailant as 5'5": Andrews is four in-
ches taller. Andrews was ttot originally pick-
ed out by the women as the slasher. and both
said the slasher was wearing a black jacket.
Police found no black jacket Attdtcws' silc
when his ltotne was searched. but concluded
that a jacket of Alttltcws' sister. and too
small for him . was the jacket he wore the
night of the slashing» Andrews” witnesses
testified he was wearing shorts and no jacket
the night of the slashings. 'I‘hc slttsliings oc-
curred the night of June 2, l‘)li21ll'llllltti Initi-
night both within a It) rttirtnic period,

The (‘ottunittce was fortncd because
several people. including many of the
witnesses who testified on Andrew's behalf.
felt that the trial had been biased and unfttir.
'I‘hey list several itetns. including the fact that
the seven witnesses were threatened with per-
jttry by the district attorney aftcr lltcy had
given testimony. Secondly. Judge .Ioltn Ilar-
ris of Albany county court would not accept
a hung jury. and twice sent the jury back into
deliberations until a verdict was reached.
Third. the cotnmittcc points out. it was an all
white jury who tried Andrews. who is black.
Finally said Adams. one juror had served as a

 

By Fran Silverman

Albany students in need of medical atten-
tion may have to wait longer than expected
due to lnfirmary cutbacks.

According to the infirmary's director. Dr.
Janet Hood, through attrition the lnﬁrmary
has lost several doctors over the years. in-
cluding a full-time psychiatrist position
which was reduced to part-time, and a full-
tirne gynecologist.

"Each titnc a doctor leaves or retires. we
lose that position." explained Hood.

The Health Service has also lost four
nurses. which is one third of the staff.
because 01' an early incentive retirement pro-
gram proposed by the state to save money.
The inﬁrmary has also lost several clerical
positions.

Operating on what Hood has conﬁrmed
is the most skeletal staff in the I7 years since
it has been in operation. the lnﬁrmary is
down to two nurses on- evenings and
weekends.

 

RACHEL Ltrwm ups
lnfirmary Director Janet Hood
operating on snarl/ext staff in its history

Juror on a juvenlle trial at which Andrews
was a 4 “ ‘ Adams said the judge was
informed of this but took no action.

The committee also cited further Ir-
regularitlcs in that Judge Harris made public
long sections of a confidential report given to
him so he could determine the sentence. An-
drews was given the maximum sentence. The
committee also maintained that Andrews was
not read his rights at his arrest. and that
police "busted into his house" to get
evidence.

Judge Harris is out of town and was
unavailable for comment.

SEPTEMBER 30, I983 El ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 5

Committee works to defend convicted slasher

Both the NAACP and the New York Civil
Liberties Union are looking Into the case.
They believe Adams constitutional rights
may have been violated. according to Alice
Green, a NYCLU spokesperson. Both
organizations allege that the County of
Albany jury selection process ls
discriminatory against blacks. Green said
that a report should be coming out by the end
of next week which will show that over a
period of a few months In which 78 people
were called for jury duty. only one person
was black. Yet to percent of the Albany

population Is black.

Andrew's appeal has not been filed

'because his lawyers are waiting for the court

transcripts from his,0ctober I982 trial. The
NYCLU is also "Involved in supporting the
group's contention that the transcripts are
very late." Green said. She mentioned that
normal processing time usually takes
anywhere from two weeks to six months.
Adams ended by emphasizing that
“CADC Supports the rights of women and Is
acting in defense of those rights." Indeed. he
said. one of the many organizations suppor~
ting the Committee is the Albany Chapter of
the National Organization of Women. I'i

 

 

Corner of Quail and Western

 

 

Commit/cc sees the railroading of a black man

Infirmary cutbacks slow down health services

Vice President of Student Affairs Frank
Pogue. said that monies have been located
outside the state budget to restore two of the
four nursing positions lost. and the infirmary
will be getting a part-time nursing position.

“When looking at the whole campus. no
decisions have been made that would cripple
any one department. but each department
has to take its losses." said Pogue.

However. Hood maintained that the cut-
backs huve somewhat hampered the effec-
tiveness of the student health services.

“If one of our doctors or nurscs is out. the
lnfirmary will bein a bad spot. Doctors feel
they can‘t spend asmuch time as they would
like with students. and students must wait
longer for doctors... you can't practice
medicine in a half-baked manner." Hood ex-
plained.

SUNYA freshman Marcella Luongo said
she was not able to see a doctor last weekend
and had to wait three hours Monday for a
doctor to call in and prescribe medicine for

er.

“Although the nurses were considerate
and caring, I was pretty upset. I'm wondering
how a university can have an lnfirmary and
not have a staff to run it." she said.

Also included in the cutbacks was the part
of the infirmary's budget that purchases all
the clerical and medical supplies. According
to Hood. in I967 when the lnﬁrmary first
opened. the budget was twice the amount it is
now. The Health Service is now also respon-
sible for it‘s telephone bills and printing costs
which previously were absorbed by school
budget funds. Also. students will now have
to pay for certain medical items not previous-
ly charged for.

“Our budget has been reduced qualitative-
ly and quanitatively. It has been cut in actual
cuts and by inflation." Hood noted.

According to Hood. efforts are being
made by campus and state officials to
alleviate some of the problems facing the in-
firmary.

“Both central and local offices are examin-
ing ways to fund more consistently and
reliably all Student Health Services within the
SUNY system." she said.

The lnfirmary situation is part of a series
of cutbacks affecting all parts of the Albany

campus. In the last I8 months. the campus
has lost [13 positions through early retire-
ment programs and attrition.

"We've gone from 2.I47 full-time jobs to
2.034. We‘ve lost fivc per cent of our work
force." said Budget Manager Gene Gilchrist.

To help alleviate some of the financial
burdens of the infirntary. Hood has propos-
ed a student health fee for all students atten-
ding SUNYA instead of the current health in-

WABBEN STOUT UPS

surance plan. but she said the administration
isn't receptive to the idea.

Hood asserted that the lnﬁrmary will “stay
afloat." However. she added. “Student
Iiealth Services along with other segments of
the Student Affairs division are basic to the
student's active participation in the academic
program on campus as well as their own
social development. Money invested in basic
services to students pays high dividends. E]

 

By Jerry Camplone

 

An upcoming decision by the New York
Public Employees Relations Board may
ﬁnally give Graduate Assistants. Research
Assistants. and Teaching Assistants more
say in what happens to them. according to
Gary Ciurczak. statewide president of the
Graduate Students Employees Union
(GSEU). .

According to Ciurczak. an affirmative
decision will finally give GA's. TA's and
RA's a “legally recognized bargaining
agent" to negotiate with SUNY for pay
scales and other benefits. Ciurczak
estimates that hearings on whether to
recognize GSEU as an official statewide
union should begin in "about two weeks."
This is a major step for the union that has
it's roots as far back as I974. .

According to Ciurczak. the GSEU
started at the University at Buffalo in I974
and tried then to be recognized by PERB.
But. said Ciurczak. “they were told they
had to be statewide." The effort thus died.
as did a similar one in I977. Ciurczak
noted.

In I980, Graduate Students at

'SUNY Stonybrook starter! another Grad
Students Union and actually went on strike
as a protest for wages. he added. Ciurczak
continued saying that. by 198 I. the students
at Buffalo decided to try to make GSEU

 

After ten years of struggle, .
grad students may get union

statewide. The major enrollment drive. ac-
cording to Ciurczak. began in November.
I982; by May. 1983, several thousand
names had been collected and were submit-
ted to PERB.

According to Ciurczak. an approval by
PERB will be a major stepping stone in
“improving the lives of our members in all
aspects." The members encompass funded
graduate students at all the University
Centers in the SUNY system. as well as
several hundred GA‘s and TA's at the
SUNY Colleges. said Ciurczak. "It's hard
to give an exact number of members," he
said. “but I would say about I700 to 1800
students have ﬁlled in interest cards." Of
this number. 40 percent of the students
tmtst join GSEU if it is to be approved.’

Pending approval. one of the goals of
GSEU. said Ciurczak. is "to put words to
an agreement that GA's. TA's and RA's
have more input into the decision making
process." This process affects pay scales.
health insurance benefits and all other
benefits due to the funded Graduate
Students. stated Ciurczak.

The administrations of the University
Centers, according to Ciurczak. really
haven‘t said anything in support or de-
nouncement of GSEU.

According to Heidi Siegfried. a staff
member of GSEU at Buffalo. the president

'13»

 

 

 

