 

2 ALBANY STUDENTPRESS El APRIL 19,- I983

WORIDE'

 

Police detatn Walesa

Warsaw, Poland
(AP) Police detained and lnterrogated Lech
Walesa. hIs family priest and two other com-
panions for hours Monday after stopping
their car on the road to Warsaw. Walesa's
wife and the clergyman reported,

Danuta Walesa told The Associated Press
in a telephone interview from Gdansk that
her husband was brought home at about 8
p.m.. l pm. EST. Police detained the party
at .about It a.m.. according to the Rev.
Henryk .Iankowski. Walesa’s adviser and
confessor.

It was the second time Walesa was held by
authorities and questioned in the six days
since he announced he was meeting with
underground Solidarity leaders to coordinate
policies.

Walesa had said he was questioned last
week about his meetings with the
underground. but Mrs. Walcsa declined to
discuss Monday's interrogation. She said her
husband was “too tired and too hungry" to
come to the phone. adding that he war
ordered to appear at Gdansk police head
quarters at It a.m. Tuesday.

Viet patrol ambushed

Peking. Cltinu
(AP) Chinese soldiers ambushed a ﬁve-man
Vietnamese patrol and killed four of tltcm in-
side China near tltc Vietnamese border.
Radio Peking rcportcd‘latc Monday.

The radio said Vietnamese "agents"
sneaked into China's southwestern Yunnan
province. which borders on northern Viet-
nam. about 2:30 a.nt. Sunday to attempt a
surprise attack on Chinese positions.

A militia squad ambushed the patrol and
killed four of tlretn "in less than one minute
in a brilliant ambush." the radio said. adding
that the fifth Vietnamese threw down his
weapons and ﬂed.

Rebel Mayor accused

Mani/la, Phlllppines
(AP) Government agents havo arrested r
Philippines mayor who was organizing a na-
tional political party opposed to President
Ferdinand E. Mareos' I7-year rule.

The arrest orders signed by Marcos accuse
Aquilino Pimental. mayor of Cagayan dc
Oro. of unspecified acts “inimical to public
order and national security."

Pimentel was taken into custody Sunday at
his home. 500 miles south of Manila. and
ﬂown to the military camp in the central
Philippines city of Cebu.

Andropov rival missed

Moscow. USSR
(AP) Konstantin Chernenko. considered by
some Soviet and Western sources to be a rival
to Communist Party chief Yuri V. An-
dropov. did not attend a meeting of top
Kremlin officials yesterday at which all other
Politburo members were present.

Radio Moscow reported on the gathering
and listed by name all the top ofﬁcials in at-
tendance. including every voting and non-
voting member of the ruling Politburo except
the 71-year-old Chernenko. who has been

 

reported in ill health.

There was no public explanation for his
absenéc.= Such hints often are the only clues
provided by the highly secretive government
on the status of Its top leaders.

Some Soviet sources and Western analysts
have said Chernenko and Andropov have
become increasingly at odds over policy and
personnel matters since Andropov took over

the party leadership following the death last.

November of Leonid I. Brezhnev.

NATINIE

Teamsters pick leader

Washlngton, DC
(AP) After bidding farewell to Roy Lee
Williams. the executive board of the
Teamsters unIOn will choose an interim presi-
dent this week.

The union leadership will decide the issue
at a closed meeting Tuesday in Scottsdale.
Ariz. Union sources. who declined to be
Identiﬁed. said the contest likely would be
between Ray Schcessling. the Teamsters’
secretary-treasurer. and Jackie Presser. a
union vice president and head of the Ohio
Conference of Teamsters;

Williams agreed to resign as head of tire
l.8-million-ntembcr tinion this week in rcttirn
for remaining free on bail wltiie he appeals
his conviction of conspiring to bribe a US
senator.

 

 

 

Hollings Joins race

Coluinbta. s. 0.
(AP) Sen. Ernest F. Holllngs of South
Carolina joins the growing list of contenders
for the Democratic presidential nomination
today with a publicity blltz geared to make
the low-proﬁle lawmaker more of a standout.
“Fritz” Hollings. til. chose the Midlands
Technical College campus near Columbia
Metropolitan Airport as the site of his an-
nouncement. .after which he was to head for
Washington. DC. for a news conference and
interviews with reporters at the National
Press Club.

STATEWIDE

 

Nuke dump debated

Albany
(AP) West Valley or another New York site
would likely become a huge dump for the
Northeast's nuclear trash unless the state acts
now to block it. environmental groups claim-
ed Monday.

A coalition led by the Sierra Club called on
Gov. Mario Cuomo and tire stale Legislature
to put a plan for a low-level nuclear waste
dump proposed by the II Northeastern states
on the shelf.

ED maussrcn UPS ‘

israel's 35th birthday was Sunday as SUNYA celebrated the event with a huge
cake. dancing and balloons In front of the Campus Center yesterday.

Under a 1980 federal law. all states must
have in place‘by 1986 a plan for the safe
disposal of the low-level nuclear trash their
businesses and utilities produce. States are
given the option of devising their own plans
or of banding with neighboring states to set
up regional waste dumps.

The Sierra Club said New York's location
near' the biggest nuclear waste producers in
the II Northeast states and the fact the state
already has some experience with nuclear
waste dumps would make the Empire State in
general. and West Valley in particular. prime
sites for the dump.

Metro-rail strike ends

New York
(AP) The Metro-North Railroad returns to
full schedules Monday after a Six-week

' trainmen's strike and commuters received .i

welcome back in the form of a free ride.

The return to service was ordered late Still-
day after ofﬁcials of the striking United
Transportation Union and Metro-North‘s
parent agency. the Metropolitan Transporta-
tion Authority. agreed to submit their dit-
fercnces to binding arbitration.

A 159 to 28 vote Sunday in favor of trr.
bilration by trainrncn employed on the
Harlem and Hudson divisions followed up-
proval of the plan Saturday by trainrncn of
the New Haven division.

The final step came when the M'I‘A board

 

 

 

 

unanimously approved the agrccnrciit to sub-
mit outstanding issues to a panel of three lif-
bitrators.

Trade post accepted

New York
(AP) Vincent D. McDonnell. former chair
titan of the New York State Mediation
Board. has accepted appointment by Prcsi»
dent Reagan to the Advisory Committee for
Trade Relations.

He said Monday that he had notified the
White House that he would serve for the next
two years on the committee. which advises
the United States government oit Iltltit.‘
policy.

McDonnell, a labor lawyer. currently is a
partner in the Manhattan law firm of Sheri a
Gould.

Gas prices attacked

[Inf/lilo
(AP) State Attorney General Robert Abrams
Monday demanded a rollback in wholesale
natural gas prices that he said have rcstrltcd iir
ballooning gas bills for Western New Yorkers
and consumers in other parts of tile state.

Abrams said he asked tltc Federal Iincigy
Regulatory Commission to void contracts
under which Tcnneco lnc.. pays as much as
three times the market rate for gas it buys
from producers.

The higlbpriccd gas. Abrams said. is resold
by Tcnneco to New York tttilit 5. National
Fuel Gas in the western part of the state buys
64 percent of its gas from Tertncco. Abrams
said. wltile New York State Electric and (ins
purchases 3 percent of its supply front the
same company.

Abrams told reporters he wants the federal
commission to void some long-term contracts
that Tenneco sigrtcd with producers. rcquii»
ing the firm to buy certain quantities of high-
priccd gas even when cheaper gas is available.

  

 

      

REVEW

Capitol Hill Choral Society wltt
close its 30th anniversary season
with a special performance of J.S.
Bach's Mass In b minor. Joining the
chorus for the concert will be an
oratorto orchestra and a quartet of
local soloists. The concert to on Fri-
day. April 22 at 8 pm In the Schuyler
Elementaw School, North Lake
Ave., Albany. Tickets can be pur-
chased at the door.

laiull poact activist Meir Pa'lt will
speak on Tuesday, April 19 at 8 pm
In LC 23. Pa'lt has been a member of
the Knesset and the Former laraelt
Army Chief of Tactics.l I ‘

The Outing Club wl moo on
Wednesday. April 20 at 7:30 pm In
L .

 

 

oF_EVENrs

A homecoming Interest meeting will
be held Thursday, April 21 at 7:30
pm In the Alumni House. Everyone,
including members of the Class of
'83. Is welcome to come and start
plans now for Homecoming ac-
tlvltles.

"Nuclear Weapons and Reagan's
Foreign Policy" will be discussed
by Stanley Hoffman on Thursday,
April 21 at noon In the Campus
Center Assembly Hall. The lecture
is sponsored by the Nuclear
Studies Group.

Financial Aid application: are due
three days from now. Friday April
22. Don't miss the deadline! Deliver
applications to the Office oi Finan-
cial Aid. AD 122.

Next hunter Beale Kiarsfeld will
speak on Tuesday. April 19 at 8 pm,
In the Campus Center Ballroom.
Klarsfeid recently appeared on
“Good Morning America" and was
Involved In the prosecution of the
butcher of Leon Klaus Barbie. Ad-
mission Is $1.75 for members or
JSC-Hlllet and $2.50 for ' non-
members.
A aoII-help clinic lor woman. spon-
sored by Feminist Alllanoe will be
held Thursday. April 21 at 8 pm In
381.
Contemporary Music Festival with
Jazz and Classical music will
feature Karl Berger on Piano and
Vibrapbne on Wednesday. April 20
at 8 pm ln.tho Performing Arts
Center Recital Hall. Admission to,
free.
Community Service Registration for
Fall 1983 Is still open In Ll 98A. For
more Information call 457-8847.

A Statistics Colloquium entitled

“The Nature and Discovery of Struc-

ture" will be presented by Dr. John

Pratt of Harvard University on

Wednesday. April 20 at 3:45 pm In
S 140.

Scholar-Athletes are eligible to app-
ly for the James A. Warden Scholar-
ship. which honors one or two
SUNYA students, male or female,
with money awards of $300. Ap-
plicants must be scholarly. and In-
volved In community service and
athletics — not necessarily at the
varsity level. '
College Republicans will hold a
meeting on Wednesday. April 20 at
8 pm In LC 18.

Horne-Aldo Service lrtilnlng elaaau
are being offered In free 2% week
aesatona this summer. Train to be a
home-maker or a home help aide.

Employment ls guaranteed upon
completion of training course. For
more Information call Pat Healbuto
at 459-6853.

A Physics Colloquium entitled
"Metallic Surface Behavior During
Ion Beam Modification" will be
presented by G. WIIIam Reynolds
on Friday. April 22 at 3 pm In PH
129.

The Jawbone Reading Series will
feature readings by Kim Connell
and Craig Hancock on Thursday.
April 21 at noon In HU 354.

Arab Student Association presenter
Arabic Night featuring authentic
Arab cuisine and iotkdanclng, on
Friday. April 22 at 8:30 pm In the
Westminster Church. 262 State St..
Albany. Admission Is 34 for
students. 35 general In advance.
and $6 at the door. For more Infor-
mation call Zakt at 4654624.

 

 

 

 

By Tim Shell

5 Til TE I ’NESS SER l‘IClz'

 

A rally of about 250 people followed by a
march from the Washington Avenue Armory
Sunday highlighted this area's participation
in a ﬁrst ever attempt to open up a dialogue
on the subject of military spending arid the
effect that a multivbillion dollar defense
budget has on American citircns.

Coordinated locally by the Albany Peace
and Energy Coalition (APEC). Sunday's
“Jobs With Peace" rally was one of a large
rturttbcr of similar events over the course of
tire past week which saw ovcr l5f).()()()
Americans froirt 150 cities call for art ex-
amination of “the largest peacetime military

‘ buildup iit history" — $1.6 trillion betwccn

l98l and I986 ~ in relation to “over $200
billion in cuts in domestic programs." accor-
ding to the peace coalition.

Thc rullicrs amassed at tile Armory. sting
protest songs and tlrcrt marched to the
Federal Building on Ilroadway — the Local
office of US RepresentatiVe Sairitiel Stratton.
its well as the Internal Revenue Service.

APEC spokesperson Ruth Foster said that
the march to the buildirtg had two purposes:
ortc. to let Stratton know tlrey wcrc concern-
ed witlr unemployment and its relation to the
military butlch builtlup. and two. to protest
the use of taxes for defense to the IRS.

According to it Jobs With Peace Natioriai
Network campaign coordinator in San Fran-
cisco. Seth Adler. "Tax Day" took place in
50 US cities last Friday. to protest the sending
of tax dollars to the Pentagon.

()rgani/cd labor. for tire first time iit tltc
recent history of the peace movement. took
part in the effort boili nationally and locally.
accordirg to Adler. Foster. and SUNYA
Uititcd University Professions (UUI’)
spokesperson Jim McClellan.

“The UUI’ delegation here. ittcltidiitg
chapter president Tim Reilly. took the lead iii
getting Albany County Central Labor
l’cdcratioit involved irt this." McClellan said.
"they donated most of the nroricy for prin-
ting." ilc added that AFL-CIO offices iii the
area all participated. including the bttildirig
trades. the Federal. State. Corinty. Municipal

.1011va h
till

I...

Logo lrom NYPIRG r

 

 

APRIL [9, [983 I? ALBANY STUDENTPRESS 3

Rally decries taxes for defense, unemployment

 

stressing “Jobs With Peace."

 

Calls for an examination of "III? largest peacetime military ImiIr/tt/i in [lift/01"th if "

Employees Union. United Auto Workers.
small clothing and textile unions. sheet metal.
bus drivers and lorigshorcinait groups.
“The range of representation was real
good." McClellan continued. "It was a first
small step aitd we're going to go all tltc way.
There's no fooiirtg around this time. Wltilc
students fought for nine years. tltc war (in
Vietnam) went on and we didn't do nnytliiiig.

Defense industry hurts N YS

 

By Matt Reiss

.\I -i H: I'Rllis .S'lzkl'lt‘lz'

 

Increased military spending will not benefit
New York state residents as much as a
decrease in military spending would. accor-
ding to a sttrdy prcscntcd last Wednesday by
the New York Public Interest Group's Disar-
mament Project. The authors of tire study.
entitled “Production for Destruction:
Military Spending itt New York State.” call-
ed upon the governor and elected represen-
tatives to redirect their efforts from trying to
attract rttorc military contracts to the state
towards attracting programs iit education.
public works. housing and health care. all of
which they coittcitd create ittore jobs and ser—
vices.

Although New York State is the nation‘s
second leading recipient of military contracts
and has never been lower than third in
decades. residents and corporations paid otit
$2.4 billion ntorc (in federal tax dollars car-
mnrkcd for tltc Pentagon) than the state
received in the forth of military contracts in
1980. according to the report. This amount is
“almost exactly the amount the Reagan
budget ctrt in civilian spending from New
York last year.“ said New York State
Assembly Assistant Maiority leader Dick
Gottfried (D-Munltattait).

Gottfried rcccittly sponsored a resolution
which passed tltc Democratic Assembly by a

large margin. to proclaim April l0—l6 “Jobs
with Peace Week." A similar rcsoltrtioii.
sponsored by Seit. Franz Lcichtcr. was refer-
red to the Republican-controlled Settatc
Finance Committee Fcb.15 btit rtcvcr reached
tltc Senate floor.

NYPIRG Legislative Director Arthur
Maikin explained that only II) of New York‘s
62 counties benefit from these nriiitary con-
tracts. wltilc the other 52 (with 80 percent of
the state's population) lose an average of $97
million per year amounting to some 5600—800
per worker.

Bcth Cltocit DcGrnssc. disarmament pro-
iect director and orrc of the authors of the
report. explained. “The to counties that now
benefit would have to riin even faster to get
more contracts as the Pentagon budget ex-
pands." An example is Long Island's Nassau
anrl Strffolk Counties. which experienced art
iitcrcasc of contracts of 8.5 percent between
I976 and I980 and had a defense-oriented
cirtploymcnt dccliitc of 24 percent during the
same period.

According to tire report. 1.2 percent of tire
state's workforce was crriployctl as a result of
military spending, with a majority of thcjobs
going to white collar and highly skilled
workers who currently enjoy one of the
lowest unctrtployrncrtt rates iii the country.

DcCirassc added that $2 billion in federal

budget cuts to make roont for "rin-
prcccdeittcd military budget increases"
15>

 

$1 Billion spent on...
(1981 dollars)

Education. . . . . .
Consumer Spending . . . . . . .
Hospitals and Health Care . .
Public Works . . . .
Military Spending .........

(non-parlanll)

 

Source: Council on Economic Priorities. based on Bureau of Labor statistics.

. .creates 72,000 jobs
. . . . . . . .creates 57,000 jobs
. . . . . . . .creates 54,000jobs
. . . . .creates 32,000jobs
. . . . . . . .creates 28,000jobs

 

 

. . .. .ﬂnodmwlmm Jabs Willi Eucaaamnhtet , . . . . . -. . .. ’ . .‘ . . .e... ;.

Labor stayed pro-war till Ilrc end. This Iiittc.
we’re gcting oirt thcr'c and showing (people)
that this is rtot oirly doing damage to the pen-
plc in Iii Salvador. but hinting the very
livelihood of lltc American people — jobs."

“livery lc\cl of oigniti/iiig" produced
“good. marked achievements." Adler said.
"The type of events attctitpting to open

discussion on this issue were as diverse as one
can imagine." he commented.

Adler agreed with Foster and McClellan.
“Organized labor participated in many ways.
something we've never had happen in a
peace-type movement." He added that labor
grotrps held press conferences. military
budget hearings and tax day events.

In February. the New York State Assembly
passed a resolution calling for support of the
Jobs Witlt Peace project and for New York
state residents to “participate in cducrttiorral
activities to examine the impact of military
spending on jobs and domestic programs."
Over 70 cities have passed it Jobs With Peace
resolution as well. Foster said. including San
Francisco. Milwaukee. litiltirnorc and
lloston.

Other events held nationally included irr-
tcrracial religious services military birdch
hearings itt city councils. neighborhood
breakdowns of tax dollars going to the Pen-
tagon compared to tax dollars coming in as
social programs, and a number of statewide
budget dollar breakdowns similar to
NYI’IRCl's recently released icport. Among
states releasing similar reports are
h'itlssitc‘iltlkclls. Ncw Jcrscy. (iliio anti West
Virginia. according to Adler.

A itcw concept is the teaching of a cor-
rictiluin on the subject of jobs and peace by
high school teachers. some of which will ex-
tcitd beyond last week's “Jobs With l’cacc
Week." Adler reported tltrit I2 cities are cur-
rently involved iii the teaching of this cur»
i'iculurn. which lie said is also being
developed for the university level.

The concept was developed iit part by what
Adler described as a “type of work going on
(in the peace movement) that is qualitatively

different tltart tltc type of work that has gone
on in the past."

Tire curriculum cttcotitpttsscs nuclear war
and weapons. jobs anti unemployment. and
military and domestic spending. Developed
by the Massachusetts Tcachcrs‘ Association
for it "Jobs With Peacc Week“ last year in
Boston in conjunction with community peo-
ple. Adler says. the nationally available cur-
riculum was then overseen by the National
Education Association. I i

 

 

 

‘Black Women’s
increasing unity

By Aileen llrovvn

 

Although the series of cultural and social
events of April 9-I5 was called "Black
Women‘s Week." it was “geared to incitide
both rttcit and women." according to Dawn
Workman. coordinator of tire activities.
Tire \vccklong events were sponsored by
Albany State University's lilack Alliance
(ASUBA).

“We lltld about an cvcrt arrrottitt of both.
which is good. because that was our objec-
ivc — to unite black women and inch.“
Workrnait said. The socittl cvcnts included a
gospel fcst, a soul food dinitcr on Dutch
Quad. a gym night and a Sadie Hawkins
Daitcc. These events, shc explaincd. were
"mainly to increase black irrtity. The soul
food dinner was so that we could have a
unified group of block riicn and women
eating together."

Among tltc ctilttirttl cwitts was "Achicvc-
incitt Against The Odds.“ an art display in
tltc University Art (lailcry. This event. said
Workman. “was a display of art featuring
famous black women." There were a total
of 20 different displays. including pictures
of renowned black women such as So-
jorrrrtcr Truth and Rosa Parks. "It
highlighted famous black women from all
areas of life — law. business. medicine.
:tc." according to Workman.

The exhibit is owned by tile Affirmative
Action pl ogrtuu and was Icrtt to ASUIJA as
part of t'rcir participation in the events of
tire week

A show entitled “A Tribute to llcautifui
Black Women" also emphasized black
women‘s participation in the arts. Tltc

reveal. rt cooperative effort between
students and tire community. “was a
rncdiey of poetry. dance and performing."
cxplttincd Valerie Ilcnjuruin. a committee

 

 

"EC'JIPE‘EMIIS’. .' ts.d..iii-ttls.izleuliiie .91"

 

.womcn in American life. I think that we

--.-.y.......

Week’ geared to
among blacks

lilack Women's Week. The poems included
the reading of verses by Sojourner Truth.
and a reading by Helen Rhodes. :1 SUNYA
student. of ltcr owtt work. Tire show also
iitcltitlcd the participation of Carla Page. an
Albany talk show host.

The highlight of the week was an “lit-
spirational Night” held on Thursday in the
Campus Center Assembly Hall. an event
which featured several guest panelists front
tire community. including Ian K. Meyers.
attorney; Pat Zuber. Key Batik Supervisor.
Dr. Arlcitc Delaney. physician: and Lillian
Rogers. Commissioner of the Dcpartrncitt
of Labor. as the keynote speaker. Delaney
said that she “wanted students to know that
they should strive to do whatever they
want. and become what they dcsirc.Thcy
should take the chance to follow their
dream." despite any obstacles.

Dclaitcy continued. “They should also
realize that there are many members of the
comnttiitity that are willing to help. to give
advice or just for the benefit of our ex-
pcricitcc. We are williitg to help. but we
must first be approached by tltc students."

Benjamin. instrumental iit recruiting the
speakers for tltc event. said. "The sub-
tltcmc of the nigltt was ‘black \vontcit's
struggle for achievement.’ We wanted to
show the obstacles that they overcame, not
only itt their careers. bill also iii civic ac-
tivities,” sltc explained. "We wanted thctn
to share their achievements with us. We
were hoping that young ntcn and wontctt
would be encouraged to struggle on and
strive to achieve their goals," said Bert-
iamin.

Tltc events. said ASUBA President Eddie
Edwards, were a “successful recognition of
the signiﬁcant contributions of black

had a good turnout for the events. and that
people cnjoyetl them. We were very pleased
with the results.'_-' "

 

.nn-n-nu....~a-.—.. m.

 

. 't. m...:' smegma-«Nu 4...»:th

 

e~aa

 

,. :m. w;.ﬁ;........»..... .r... ’

 

