 

 

 

 

 

 

 

EDITORIAL'L

The answer still is no

Sunday to continue our year-and half-old policy
that keeps military advertising out of this paper.
it was not an easy decision. Every editorial position
taken by this newspaper is subject to review by the nine
editors and managers that make up the Editorial Board.

And these nine people have values and beliefs as diverse
as any group of nine people. We don't follow any ideology
or dogma: we are an independent newspaper in politics and
ﬁnances. -

Ever since the university administration decided to
welcome Army ROTC to this campus in l98l. it has been
opposed by student leaders — especially representatives of
gay and lesbian students.

Gays and lesbians are not wanted in the military. The
Marines feel that loving a member of your own sex is so
disabling that one ofﬁcial told us last year a homosexual
pilot is no better than a one-legged ﬁyer. V

Homosexuals discovered in the military are quickly
discharged with less-than-honorable status. Gays and les-
bians are barred from ROTC commissions and scholarships
because their sexual orientation is a "medical disqualificao
tion." Because of this blatant discrimination, student
leaders opposed ROTC's presence on our campus.

in May l980, this campus speciﬁcally barred discrimina-

T he Albany Student Press Editorial Board decided

tlon against gays and lesbians. in a letter by President Vin-
cent O'Leary, the university pledged its support for people
unfairly discriminated against on this basis. I

Activists explained that this policy conﬂicted With an
agreement the administration signed with Rensselaer
Polytechnic institute, extending their ROTC program to
this campus. This policy allows the military professor to
select students who take the classes, and an ROTC prof ad-
mitted that it could allow him to drop 'gay and lesbian
students.

We were drawn into this fracas when a gay leader ex-
plained to us that we were endorsing this discrimination by
ntnning military ads. The ads describe substantial scholar-
ships and valuable training, but don't mention that
homosexuals need not apply. There is the valid point,
however. that the ads never claim that ROTC is an equal
opportunity employer. Yetomitting their discriminatory
policies is so signiﬁcant that it amounts to a lie.

Obviously, the very nature of advertising stretches the
truth to a certain extent, but we felt then and feel now that
fact is not sufﬁcient justiﬁcation for giving tacit approval
to outright untruths.

We told the military that they had to say in their ads that
they don't accept gays or lesbians. They refused to do so.
and we refused to run the deceptive ads.

Because intelligence agencies like the Central intelligence
Agency and National Security Agency also discriminalc
against homosexuals, we applied the same rule to their ads,

We estimate that our actions to prevent deceptive advcr.
tising has cost us $7,000 to $8,000 a year in advertising_
That's about 8 percent of our annual budget —- quite a
signiﬁcant amount, especially for a paper that gets all of its
revenue from ads.

We don't like to tell people they can't advertise with "5‘
We like the money, and by denying advertising space
there's a potential for denying free speech,

But we will not run ads that lie, are obscene or sell illegal
products or services. The military and intelligence agencies
lie by not informing readers that gays and lesbians are not
accepted. and we don't let people lie on our pages,

We've always made it clear to the military that We'll run
their ads if they include in them a statement that they
discriminate against homosexuals, but no one‘s taken its up
on the offer.

But the removal of advertising revenue isn't enough to
force us to change our minds. The consensus of people at
this paper remains that so long as the military .ttttl in-
telligence agencies lie in their ads, they won't be read itt this

paper. 

 

 

 

i
i
.
,
l
i
it
y
l
r
'.

COLUMN

Need for a critical review

We, as students, are all victims of “learned apathy". A
process started soon after birth in which we are told by the
political structure. the education system. and Madison
Avenue what our priorities in life should be. We are not
taught how to defend against defective cars which endanger
our lives. or of chemical dumping which destroys our en-
vironment. of minority housing and employment ine-
qualities. or of the depletion of social services as the
military builds for destruction.

En Freyer 7

instead. we are trained to conform,to gauge our success
with number two pencils. to buy toothpaste with the most
sex appeal, and to have who shot J.R. as our primary con-
cern. The hedoan of the 80's is not self-imposed, and it is
necessary to awaken to the relevant social issues of our day.
it average, only one out of every ﬁve eligible college
students in this country votes, and the vast majority cannot
name their legislative representatives. This is no accident. it
is no accident that State Boards of Elections have made the
absentee ballot process so cumbersome as to disenfranchise
even the most conscientious voter. it is no accident that
students are still unable to vote in their college communities
in most parts of the state. And. it is no accident that when it

 

 

comes to the time to make some budget cuts in the state ,

legislaturc,undcrgruduate education is among the ﬁrst to
go. Why should students be so blessed? Because, to cut
from the budget, some constituency must be nffected,and
as long as legislators wish to be reelected, they will cut from
the group that doesn‘t vote.

it is necessary therefore,that students carefully

. reevaluate their role as students.to decide what they do

because they wish to do it. and what they do because they
have been conditioned to do it. in the book, Action for a
Change-vi Sludcnt's Manual for Public Interest Organiz-
ing, which in l972 outlined the structure for the ﬁrst
student-run, student-directed Public interest Research
Group (PlRG), Ralph Nader wrote that,”Parallel with civil
rights, anti-war efforts, ecology, and other campus causes,
which have ebbed and ﬂowed. the role of students within
universities has become a stressful controversy which has
matured many students and some faculty in a serious
assessment of their relation to these institutions and to
society at large." in our culture, students are encouraged
to stay young (readzingnorant) as long as possible and are
denied the latter‘ half of their rights in their dual role as stu-
dent and citizen. Students have the resource facilities, im-
agination, time and pure numbers to effectively impact on
major public policy decisions, but lack an organized struc-
ture to focus their energies. PlRGs provide the kind of
training which the classroom does not offer. The fun-

damental skills of citizenship and organizing till a cam
roots level are essential to the democratic process. iii puni-
ing student resources, raising grants, and doing dour-tn-
door outreach, PlRGs are able to hire professional test-tir-
chers, lawyers. and organizers to train and mitt with
students, addressing the issues that students/citizens deem
to be of major importance. in addition, by being nun-
partisan, students are not locked into a strict ideology
which may limit their potential courses of action l'tRGs
are by no means the cure-ails and the end-ails ut \IK‘Iiil
change, but they do provide the opportunity to pin) .ill ac-
tive part in our participatory democracy.

Students must become an organized voting constituency.
They must say that the dumping of toxic chemicals into our
drinking water cannot continue, that factories liliN cut
their sulfur dioxide emissions which cause the deadly acid
rains, and that- politicians address the issues of higher
education and ﬁnancial aid. As Nader concluded ten years

a8'3.“Tlte problems of the present and the risks of the
future are deep and plain. But let it not be said thttt this
generation refused to give up so little in order

to achieve so much." . i

 

The author is Vice-Chairperson of the NYPIRG Slit/e
Board of Directors.

 

 

 

 

 

 

iNNeD Dov/Ni , AERGANOMICS

 

 

 

 

 

J 'i ALONG TtMei‘RoM Now
CONGR€$5,THi5 is  iN aN ecoNo
PeacekeePeR! ' MY FaRt FaR aWaY

‘ We’Re P

act

 

 

 

 

 

 

OCTOBER 4, 1983

 

.

' omen on the Rise:
e New SUNYAC

 

 

 

 

.vi my .e..wum1na..wunum

 
 

 

 

 

