 

» M». ‘*€:'t‘\"‘-ﬁat'm‘ij

 

“’°°‘°"‘ ‘°“’ 37*» mama-om

 

'rne Nttcaean anus mamas '

1°“

 

t REFUSE To ace]; "1‘ THE uni

 

Wﬁuwﬂ~.-._ﬂ.“._...  . . _

-- w, s... «we .....

How a Small, Gray—haired Woman
is Fighting to Save Your World

ezsIn Adams' Is not exactly a

HR homey kitchen. The kitchen table

Is a card table upon which Adams
rests her elbows. causing It to squeak each
time she gestures. The appliances are vine
tage. and brown streaks of rust have taken
bites out of their enamel. In the surface of
the stove are carved the names of her two
children (her daughter Frances and sor
David. both In their twenties and living in
New York). and a box of what may have
been their toys still sits In the unused
fireplace. Like the art prints on the doors of
the yellow cabinets. the newspaper articles
tacked to the walls, and the button collec-
tion which covers a good portion of the
pantry door (“Capitalism fouls things up."
"Keep abortion legal and safe”), the toys
seem to say that nothing can be discarded If
one Is to make sense of the past twenty
years.

The kitchen Is a step down from
Chestnut Street In Albany. In the bottom
floor of the three-story house she has
shared with her husband Theodore for
over twenty years. Ted Adams Is an
English professor at SUNY Albany. and
has taken over the top floor of the house as
a study. Rezsin Adams Is many things: a
housewife. a lobbyist. a politician. a
“renegade Democrat" to some (merely an
"insurgent" one to others). and a central
figure — maybe the central figure — In
Albany's casually overlapping society of
social and political activists. The kitchen ls
her study. office. and print shop. com-
mandeered during the early stages of the
Vietnam War and used ever since as a
headquarters for protests against nuclear
arms. nuclear power. violations of civf
rights. and the Idea that citizens have los'
the power to change things that enragt
them.

rs. Adams became enraged In
EH 1963, at a time when the
American troops In Vietnam

were still being called "advisors" and the
Cuban Missile Crtsts was fresh In people‘s
memory. She grew up In New York City In
the thirties. In what she describes as a
“radical” household. Her mother spoke
French and German. and her home was
often a resting place for European
refugees. Her parents' circle discussed the
persecution of the Jews In Eastern Europe.
the union movement. and the Spanish
Civil War. Mrs. Adams remembers going
down to the docks to watch the departure
of the Lincoln Brigade. Americans sailing
to Spain to light on the side of the
Republic. and the loading of what was left
of New York's elevated subway track onto
Japanese fretghters.

She studied the sciences at the Universi-
ty of Rochester. "At Rochester." she says.
“I became aware that not many students
were aware. College life was good grades
and studying. General debates on Interna-
tional issues were not as sophisticated as
they are today." Nor as tolerated. Mrs.
Adams wrote a column of political com-
mentary for the school newspaper. It was
an unusual feature for a college paper. and
was "ditched," she says. under pressure
from the Gannett family. substantial
benefactors of the university.

She met Ted Adams In college. and they
were married soon after their graduation In
1947. Both did their graduate work at
Ohio State (he In English. she In
physiology). and moved first to Buffalo.
where they stayed seven years. and finally
to Albany.

 

 

by Andy Cdrroll

From the time of their arrival In Albany.
the Adamses had been involved with
various protests. like Joining other pro-
fessors from the old State Teachers College
— the Bergers. the Leues. the Staleys — at
picket lines In front of Albany's five and ten
cent stores. demanding the owners hire
minority workers. Yet as far as anti-war ac-
tivity went. there was little unttI Good Fri~
day of 1963. when the Adamses took part
In a peace vigil held by Albany's Quakers.
Mrs. Adams remembers a gray. dreary
day. standing outside the state capital and
huddling In lobbies against the cold.

Whatever "peace movement” Albany
would ever have grew out of so small a
beginning — besides the Quakers. known
as the "Society of Friends" and traditionally
a pacifist church group. the movement at
that time consisted of Mrs. Adams and five
other Women. "all wondering what we can
do about it." One of their first actions as a
group was the planning of a series of six
public meetings at the Albany YMCA. The
idea was to attract speakers. the media.
and people who until then had no forum to
vent their frustration at the war. The
meetings were a success. and soon Albany
had a local chapter of the nation-wide.
Philadelphia-based Women’s lnternatlona'
League for Peace and Freedom.

The next year saw not only an escalation
of the war effort. but an increase In activism
In the city. In 1965. Mrs. Adams
remembers. at the newly constructed cam-
pus of the State University. 700 people
gathered on a Friday night to listen to
speakers (Including Noam Chomsky. who
will be on campus this Monday night) and
to look to an answer to the question.
“What can we do about It?"

Despite the success of that conference. It
was still considered "tasteless" when Mrs.
Adams appeared at ceremonies marking
the twentieth anniversary of the United Na-
tions. wearing a sandwich board which
criticized the U.N.'s failure to Intervene In
what was so obviously an international
concern as Vietnam. “(Albany Mayor
Erastus) Corning loved the UN. and with
good reason." says Mrs. Adams today.
"They had successes In health care. world
hunger. UNICEF. But by keeping the Viet-
nam issue out of the UN. the US.
emasculated It in regards to
peace-keeping." Mrs. Adams Is hardly bit-
ter at the public reaction to her demonstra-
tion. instead. she mentions the minister
who took a few moments to stand beside

her.

For her 1975 book Winners and Losers.
Journalist Gloria Emerson Interviewed the
Adamses, and Included In the book a five-
page profile of the couple's Involvement In
the anti-war movement. The section con-
trasts Ted Adams — a literature professor
trying unsuccessfully to escape the realities
of the war by reading his Willa Cather and
maintaining traditional standards In the
classroom — with Rezsin, who never
rested along as there were demonstrations.
marches. vlgils. and meetings of peace
groups. it's hardly an unkind portrait of the
professor: his apathy. which quickly
dissolves. Is fueled by a dedication to his
role as teacher and a refusal to accept what
was happening. And her profile of Mrs.
Adams remains appropriate a decade later.
"She knew there were people in Albany
who had made fun of her. a middle-aged
woman in blue Jeans and seatshirts. but she
did not care. It had been many years since
she had worn dresses or u3ed make-up. It
was easier to keep her long gray hair loose.

 

She knew that there were people who
despised her. were startled by her. or
astonished. or thought that she was goofy
or naive. The war did not ever go away. it
Just became other places and other pro-
blems."

Mrs. Adams' activism continued despite
the criticism. She would Join the Quakers

’ on their weekly silent vigil at the steps of

the state capital building. and rode In one
of the three buses which left Albany for the
March on the Pentagon In October of 1967
("There were mostly students on the bus.
and a handful of townspeople." she says).
The protestors assembled for the Quaker
vfglls seldom numbered above 25. but Mrs.
Adams still says with admiration that there
was never a day when no one showed up.
In 1968 she Joined the Jeanette Rankin
Group, a women's peace effort named in
honor of the United States' first
congresswoman. ‘ Rankin represented
Montana (which gave women the vote
before the federal government did) In both
1917 and 1941. aand earned the distinc-
tion of being the only representative to 0p-
pose U.S. involvement In World Wars 1
and II. Mrs. Adams also brought her
daughter along for Joan Baez’s "Mother
and Daughter" vIgIl in Washington.

In the spring of 1968. there came an
event which "changed my life In many
ways." according to Mrs. Adams. She was
one of 17 people who were arrested block-
Ing Albany's draft board. Thirteen people
went to the Albany County Jail. and Mrs.
Adams was one of them. She was surpris-
ed not because she was arrested or Jailed.
but because of the harshness of the
sentence. Elsewhere. demonstrators were
either receiving fines or a night’s stay in
lock-up. Arrested In Albany. she served 13
and a half days of a 15 day sentence.
When she asked why the penalties were as
stiff as they were. she received this reply
from the Judge: "Justice doesn’t come
cheap in Albany."

may have been a new develop-

ment in US. history. Up until
Vietnam. we had trusted our presidents.
What became clear during the war was the
fact that we were being lied to. We didn't
know how much the government would lie
to us."

While the end of the war brought a
hiatus in activity among the various groups
(the Capital District Peace Center dissolved
in the early seventies). the understanding
that the government had lied nevertheless
ushered In a new decade of activism for
both Mrs. Adams and the country. it's at
this time that she began her controversial
Involvement In Albany politics. opposing
the city's Democratic machine and defying
Its members. In 1967 she had Joined the
New Democratic Coalition. a reform move-
ment which grew out of the “Dump
Johnson" campaign. In 1972 she became
the Albany party's first elected commit-
teewoman. staging. In fact. the only con-
test for party positions In the city. it was a
post she'd run for eight times. and achieve
four times. In October of 1982. her epithet
changed from "insurgent" to "renegade"
when she cast the lone vote against electing
the hospitalized Mayor Coming for his third
term as committee chair.-

rs. Adams Insists that the "Viet-

Rﬂ nam era." which she feels we are
living In right now. not only
politicized her. but brought the understan-

H 'm no historian. but i think this

 

ding and discussion of International affairs
to an unprecedented level of sopltlstlcav
tion. "It's an era only comparable to World
War II. when everyone read the news. and
you couldn't walk up the street without
hearing the radio." she says That
heightened sophistication. and the CIl'rIlItJn
of the State University In Albany. Is In iit‘i
the difference between the J)i.’rtt t'
movements of the sixties and Ilttrsu of to
day In this city.

"Today. everyone Is involved VIt‘lIl-IIII
Is called the first televised war. and m- mw

things on television we'd never seen Inter
national Involvement evolved to liII' ptltiti
where there was an immediate rrrrrlrfitmtinrr

when Carter reinstltttted the draft "
Carter's move to relnstitute liit' draft III
1980. along with the no nukes rIIIIi ttItt Imrr
freeze movements. has been tlw Itltvrtnts
rallying cry for political activism Iii iltv yuan
since the Vietnam War. i’iuWuvr’i. Mrs
Adams Is convinced that the issuus hrrwrr't
changedfundamentally.but that prrirlir it‘rIC-
tion has. She remembers when Slit' not! her
husband would receive tlrrentcrrtnq pitttitt'
calls. hear screams of "You trnttnrs'” Sire
remembers a man leaping out of .r tril at .r
draft board and stabbing a linger in iiL'I

face. "You young punk. Why aren‘t you
working?" he said. Today she turn Jiltlit'i
the post offices and expect IItrIIt‘ of iiltii

hostility. "You have to Infer." slrr- my»
“that there are an awful lot of [)r’lli'ltl‘r who
are supportive of us."

As far as "no nukes" and Iilt‘ freeze
movement go. Mrs. Adams feels the first
has dissolved In many ways, while this so
cond remains a "good device" to irrrtlrur
debate and "stop the war machine from
rolling on.‘I She was Involved with the Safe
Energy Coalition of New York State. wlitr‘lr
has lessened Its activities now that Irrttlriing
of plants has subsided. Toxic witsti' .tiiti
nuclear waste remain an issue as Well. she
says.

But the Idea that the government is Iiiriit-
Ing nuclear war thinkable strikes lit-r .rs
ludicrous. and most of her efforts rrrc iwtng
turned towards the disarnrrrtnt-nt
movements.

n Wednesday. April it Bill)

GD people gathered in the Albany

Public Library at the Invitation of
Albany county executive James .1 (Tnync
The occasion was a discussion of the Mill)
million that the federal government Is illtlk‘
lng available each year for the next itVL’
years for municipalltes in order to Iiihtltlilt.‘
relocation programs In the event of t1
nuclear attack. The meeting had been rtlii’
Ed at the urging of Tom Nrrttuil of the
Albany Peace and Energy Council. 0f the
approximately 30 speakers who .rppurrmi
that night. only one spoke in favor of the
plan. which would try to relocate Allrrrrry
County's 286.000 residents to sites In Wrii‘
on County and elsewhere. A wceir Irrlur.
Coyne withdrew Albany from pdrtlclpnitnii
tn the program.

“All this is not new — only bigum-
worser. crazier," says Mrs. Adams. who ltv~
6d through the Cold War and rememhure;
pledges for a bomb shelter In th'tV
backyard. "It’s Insulting and dangerous in
the general public If It lulls anybody ltlr‘lrl
thinking they have a chance to escape.

The victory at the library, however. while
Inspiring, seems little comfort when there ts
still such an emphasis on "limited" nuclear
war. first strike capability. cruise and WP
shing weapons. she says. Mrs. Adams says
It's time we recognize that we don't it

 

 

-c. wag...»

 

A THAT WE INDN’T HAVE POWE P’

 

.1, W...—

 

 

Rezsin Adams remembers a
man leaping out of a car at a
draft board and stabbing a
finger in her face. ‘You
young punk. Why aren’t you
working?’ he said. Today,
she can picket at the post of-
fices and expect none of that

  

 

hostility.

photographs by Sherry Cohen

 

 

ave Fr

military options. "By initiating the rescue of
the hostages, Carter demonstrated that we
are out of our depth technologically. We
are not ready yet to deal with that kind of
Weapons or technology."

As a result. Mrs. Adams Is becoming In-
volved with a greater variety of activites
than ever before. For the past 14 years. In
the hallway off the kitchen. she has had a
mimeograph machine. Often her activity In
a group constsists of little else but running
off their pamphlets. another reason she re‘
mains at the center of things. A more of-
ficial locus for activist concerns is the Social
Action Center at 221 Central Avenue.
Desks are provided there for a spectrum of
activist and International relations groups:
Ground Zero. the Albany Peace and

 

Energy Council. the Upper Hudson
Nuclear War Freeze Campaign. political
campaign against conservative senator
Sam Stratton (who recently made the
statement that while he doesn‘t think freeze
people are "under the pay of the Kremlin."
ire does feel that they're badly misinform-
ed. Rezsin Adams wears a button: KGB
Dupe). and Americans Againt Nuclear
War. Also sharing the space are the Central
American Solidarity Alliance. the Knolls
ProJect (which Is protesting atomic research
and training in West Milton and at General
Electric In Niskayuna), and the U.S.-China
Friendship Association (which from 1974
through 1979 was the only organization to
sponsor trips to the Mainland. Mrs. Adams
went twice). To help coordinate all these

 

groups, Mrs. Adams runs off a monthly
calendar of “peace events." including the
Peace Breakfast held the first Tuesday of
every month. April's list runs to three legal
size pages.

rs. Adams seems a little
NH apologetic when it comes to ex-
plainan why she has the time to

do what she does. She says It's because
she's had the "financial luxury" of being
able to volunteer. "l'm the beneficiary of a
decadent capitalist society." she Jokes. And
some of what she does Is by way of paying
back that debt. like the SUNYA Blood
Drive. which site coordinates once every
month. "We swam here. and see a lot of
free entertainment. it's a worthy way of

 

paying It back." she says.

When she came to Albany 25 years ago.
they were demolishing neighborhoods to
make room for the mall. and there was no
protest. Now the downtown Is a constant
battleground over preservation and
restoration. And that's the way she likes It.

"I'm Interested In the general empower-
ment of the people." says Mrs. Adams. “1
refuse to accept the Idea that we don't itave
power. And remember that I've never been
on a winning side. never backed a can-
didate who won.

"But we should scream all the time about
ever thing. if power Isn't given to us. we
shou d take it. if it's taken away. we should
get It back.

“it's become a way of life for me." Cl

   

Loan-«u ~

' cum- \ON IV) mﬂom'otn)

 

 

 

