 

____________________________‘

.. hog...“ 7-.»o-r

 

p—l
pd
DI

OarWomen In Art: Film Director Agnes Varda”

t...

tn~ 311]} m—tnm‘omzs

oak:

Four Perspectives On Varda:

The cinemaric
Expnession

his semester the French Sttrdies

Department has succeeded In

going students an opportunity to
rtot only streen elusive foreign films. but
also to discuss these films with their
creators The department has lured irrench
filntniakt-t Agnes Varda. the eminent
"mother of tlte New Wave" film movement
to our very owrt Albany campus. Students
enrolled in Professor Sarttoni's French
1138. 1198. arid 5398 classes have been
prtvelrttt-d to meet Ms. Varda and discuss
their tttt’ughts aitd opinions of her films
with her

Rob O’Connor

7 Vilttlr Is one filittittaker wht refuses to
telu (at ttirtrt-ittion ller film i c horiheur
fi'fﬂplltrit'Sb} starred a French ietevtsion ac~
tor and his real life family In Duguer-
reotypes one of her ntost popular fihus.
the plot revolves around the local store
owners ‘lt her neighborhood Arid iii One
Sings The Other Doesn't. a film about
maternity. Varda demanded tltat her entire
technical ’crew share the responsibility of
caring for the rttfant actors included in the
movie Varda explains. "the grips and the
scum: men diapered attd fed them alottg
with the actresses and the director in the
film i struggled against the social institution
of the family. On the set we tried to
rediscover. among ourselves. the spirit of
the family..." Although Varda's methods
appear different. the results are fresh and
effective

Appropriately. Miss Varda's two latest
releases Mur Murs. 1980. and
Docrmtenteur. 1981. remain true to her
tradition of dealing with personal topics in a
unique fashion. iii Mur Murs, (Wall Walls)
Varda is once again in the street. her
favorite cnvrronmeitt, filming the many
murals throughout Los Attgeles. Varda
empathizes With the creators of the murals
whose art is neglected by the American
value system. in America. if a pairttirtg.
mural or any other art form lacks
CCOtittnilt value it's categorized as culturally
useless Varda disagrees arid therefore
makes her tilrn about these unrecognized
artists. hoping to give them exposure arid
perhaps credibility.

Varda's criteria for judging the cultural
value of art is vastly different than the view
held by most Americans Varda’s deftnitlott
of culture is anything that "expresses a
need " And indeed. that is the one
criterion all the murals in the film fulfill.
Some murals are indicative of talent. others
are run However. they all express a need

The FEMjNisr
EXPRESSION

 

 

for something that was previously
acktng. The specific needs vary tremen-
dously. One artist painted a mural oi an
enormous forest smack in the middle of a
busy L.A intersection. The artist sensed a
lack of beauty there and her mural adds to
the urban area. Many of the gangs iii the
LA. convey their groups" identity by spray
painting the gang emblem on the walls of
the city. One member of a Mexican gaiig
painted a poignant mural symbolizing his
inertial rage upon iearnirig of his brother's
death at the hands of art enemy gang. Still
another artist frotn Hollywood who felt a
need for God. painted a gigatttic mural
deptctirtg The Lone Ranger as his ideal Im-

 

age of what God whould look like.

By creating Mitr Murs. Varda has at-
tempted to give credibility to her fellow ar-
tists. Furthermore. Americans who see this
film might begin to redefine what art is and
should be to them.

in Docuntertteur. Varda comes out from
beltind the camera. so to speak. This fllrn Is
not about Varda per se. as much as a fic-
tional account of emotions while filming
thr Mttrs Documeriteur is the story of a
lltn editor in LA. whose husband has left
iter. \‘atda uses innovative stylistic ap-
prtrat‘ites to allow the viewer's entrance in-
to the wtfe's sorrow. The style is scarce:
Varda uses one image. one narration at a

 

time so the viewer can see exactly what the
wife Is Seeing and hear exactly what she is
saying. The result being. the viewer
becomes directly in tune with her ex-
periettce. and ultimately her sorrow. Var-
da's shots are meticulously detailed to
allow only specific elements in the frame.
For example. the sun does not appear in
one shot in the film. Varda‘s detailed work
succeeds because the sorrow of the story
diffuses ittto the viewer.

Students interested in film. yet bored of
H.B.O are invited to see Varda's es
Creatures. Women's Answer attd Uncle
Yonko Monday night. April 18 at the Third
Street Theater m

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

above all. a woman. Her films are about women but they

do not insist upon superiority or dominance of either sex.
Varda doesn't criticize lesbians. radical protestors. or any other
form of feminism. in her owrt words. “Feminism needs a variety of
women. Only through the works of many of us will we. achieve-
recognltlon as women."

Sue Benjamin

The freedom and power of decision making is the basts of in-
dividual identity. For Agnes Varda. tlte most important decision a
woman makes is whether or not to have children. images of preg~
nant women or women with children appear throughout her films.
Often these women are alienated frotn a tnale oriented society,
This is largely due to their physical immobility and altered physical
form. Nevertheless. Varda created l.'(.)perrt-fifouf/e. (1958). a
short film about pregnancy when she was. ‘t'nciente' (expecting)
Furthermore. the images filmed of pregnant women were
esthetically beautiful a rd ; air. r g '

Although this aspect of womanhood is meaningful to Agnes Var-
da she realizes that it is not relevant for all females The sttbicct til
her frlin One Sings The ()f’lt’r Doesn‘t. (l‘l’fti) is contraception tlllt
abortion On the surface the stop,- liittft'ri the friendship of twi.
women. Puttiiilt' and Stiranrit'. from different ‘it‘t‘iti't't‘tillttflllC
backgrounds iii watch of iiidivtdital itltrrttiiiw: At the ‘wttitt: liliit'.
"the fiittt documents the fours and institutions t' t‘rttling worrit-ti's
“gillsill1rl‘tiltctllVIJthlt‘ii Wolf and l‘iTti." The ti tttral focus of the
film is the abortion trial at Hitlrtgrtv. Trance (1‘1713)wht'rea\vttitrtrtt
This marks the first hill

 

 

r“ .w

 

  

  

 

arrested for having .iti ithlillittil is .iqttittutl
recognition of Women's rights In li\'l 1ititli,‘_ tit 1:1tlfllt‘ by a tittilt‘.

 

created arid dottiirtaii-tl government. The lthtl at lloliigny also

 

 

gnes Varda is a photographer. a filmmaker. a poet. and '

 

 

represents a turrtittg point in which indivtdual females unite as
women. it is at the trial that Pomme artd Suzanne. both of whom
have had abortions. meet haphazardly after a ten year separation.

Cleo Irom Flue to Seven (19(11). one of Varda's earlier works.
follows the transformation of a pop-singer. Cleo Victiore. from a
woman observed to a woman observing. in establishing and asser-
ting the responsibility of subjective judgement. Cleo discovers her
individuality. She recognizes her bodily identity when control of her
physical being is seized by cancer. Denying a woman the right to
choose whether or not to have children. like a cancer. limits her
power to govern her owrt body.

ii men are secondary iii the works of Varda. it is because the sub-
ject of her films is women. When a man stifles a female. Varda
shows that he is as rttuclt a victim of society's ancient patriarchal
structure as she is. in Om.- Sings. Pommes lrantair boyfriend. who
was liberal irt their relationship in France. converts her into a tradi»
tional housewtfe once they marry and settle tit lran His homeland
has rigid definitions of sex roles. However. only when Pomme
herself refuses to accept this role and leaves her husband doess‘ter
situation change l.rkewise. Cleo is treated like a child by her friends
tittl lover (July when she stops wltitting arid leaves her cocoon
does a tnari treat hot with respect (Antoine) Varda does not focus
on the ctirttpltttitts of Women birt rather the pthllth‘ .rt'ttoit they take
towanls tlSM‘llllllJ tlwtt identity as women.

Equality between the sexes and open corttniuntcatioii itlt' rtltVL' iii
the Works of Agnes Vania l'iiat fifty percent lttt’lt arid fifty percent
WIJittCXI Worked together on the set of Otto Sign.» broke hillllt' of
the social barriers with regards to sexual rolt's There was not the
traditional tllVl‘iltill of jobs lioth men and women filnttrtl or took
care of llil' children on the set ltr this respect Varda is not
preaching a ferttiiiist theology. lier films are .r reflection of her
r.‘ivaciutr:; personality and lll'l lifestyle She is a refreshing inspira-
tion for all filitinrakt‘ts and moviegoers i i

 

up“):

 

'Pigs! there's no such thing. That's an illusion people have." The mural behind them

 

 

Inot just of Mur Murs. butof life itself.

The Methods Of A Master

.Tlte Anrisric
Expnession

ur Murs is a documentary poem about Los Angeles. Its author. Agnes Varda,

doesn't portray the cliched Los Angeles of cars. highways. concrete. aitd

Hollywood. Site makes a ftlnt of its paittted walls: “living. breathing. feeling.
talkittg walls" flit French Mur Miirs means Wall Walls arid it sounds |lke“nturnturs").
Through these murals Varda expresses her way of seeing and. at the same time. her way
of seeing enhances the beauty arid expression of these walls.

Andrea Wolfe

Varda's vision challenges the v ewers perception of reality and illusion. Site fashions a
harmony of gesture. narration. music and mural. For example: as the narrator describes
murals as "moving." a juggler advances along a dark wall. The camera tracks his vivid
clotltirtg and the gleaming pins that he tosses--thus creating a "movirtg turned!" 15 life ittt-
itating art or is art imitating life?

in another scene a vast "pig paradise" mural (also shown in Currie. a Hollywood
movie) surrounds the Farmer John slaughter house. Here. 2.000 pigs take a rolling. run:
nlng. dancing ride through paradise to their “final restitig place." and the musical accom-
paniment imitates their frightened squeallrig. Two Farmer John employees exclaim. "Pink

 

 

 

features squattltig pink pigs. Are they illustration or imagination?

Agnes Varda's images do more than question illusion. in a beautiful shot of a mural of
whales underwater. Varda finds a group of people to queue up along its base and to glide
through a set of Tat-chi moves. Their gestures in unison resemble the gentle undulations
of the ocean. Varda's camera is still. respectfully letting these movements arid the mural
touch our imagination. litdeed. throughout this sunny. colorful mosaic. Varda's point of
view enhances our appreciation of these walls and these artists. As she says. “Mural. that'
means: ‘1 exist' and filming murals. that means i film-exist."

in Docutrtenteiir Varda films the woman who tapes the cotttmetttary of Murs Murs.
Separated from the titan site loves. Emile lives in Los Arigeles with her son. Docurneitteur
is not a sequel to Murs Murs. it is its flip side. or iii Varda's perfect ntataphor-shadow.
Any object would seem flat without its shadow and as such. Docunicrtteur supports.
verifies. Mttrs Murs.

A shadow is grey»blue attd grey-mauve. and so the film is irtrtttersed itt these colors
reminiscent of dusk. silence and immobility. All of the camera work was done on gray
days and never iii the sun. Emilie is “locked in" this atomospherc by her clotliitig which is
always bltre. mauve, sometimes a little bit green or beige. Unlike Mttr Mitrs. jtigglet"s reds
and yellows are not predominate iii the scenes. I)octrnientctir is a filitt about a woman
who wanders in blue emotions.

Unlike the verbal. visual expressions of Nut-s fl'fttrs. Docunicntinir. supresses direct ex—
pression of finillie's anguish. All is shown through the unsaid. The filitt abounds in mute
gestures arid faces that rnultipiy despair arid exile. Every day rille types in front of the
moving inertia of the ocean. The ocean's litttlztrlt line marks her irtititobility when “Being
exiled front the one man is like being itt exile from all men.” Lost at the end of the world.
she sees irt her minds eye the naked body of the titan I loved? Nothing." i let anguish catt-

rtot be explained. Despair exists between the words attd the colors of this film: a shadow
l l

 

 

 

The Poetic
Expnessiou

ilm is "the rttost cortternporary

form of expression". Expression.

Articulation. Cotttrttunicatlon
equals Connection wttlt the work of Agnes
Varda. The films of Agnes Varda are
documentaries of the ideas of a French
wortrart of the late 20th century. Varda is
not interested in money making careers or
In breaklttg the box office. rather she is in-
terested itt helping people to see deeply.
She ltas stated iii the past that she didn't
want to show things. but to give people the
desire to see. Her films combine documen-
tary arid fiction arid encourage viewer par-
ticipatiott to choose. decipher. judge. iden-
tify or reject the images given. Her work
explores “life lived" and “life imagined".
and fluctuates between being more fiction
than documentary and trtore documentary
than fiction. This cart be seen tit her films
Mur Mttrs attd Docutiteitteiir. both being
whowntomorrow night at 7:30 lit the Recital
Hall lit the PAC

Linda Quinn

Mtir Mtrrs was filmed in 1980 and is
generally described as a documentary on
the street murals tri l.os Aitgeles. However.
the notion of documentary in art American
audience differs front that of a French
“citieaste” frequently referred to as “the
mother of the New Wave" (and it ain't
punk neither). Mtrr Mimi Is not a segment
from “oil Minutes". 11 is a stalenientr- a
social. political statement on the nature of
art and its distribution It documents the
history of the Murals and their .rrtists'
motivations." which most often stem froitt a
need to release anger toward "the system"
or a need to (:oirtmunicate the pride of
heritage since most of the muralists are im-
migrants or of iittittlgrartl descent: usually
Mexicatt~Chlcano.

Doctirneiiteur. filmed in 1981. is a fin
tional fiitn described by Varda as a shadow
of Mtrr Mtirs. fit one sense it is a fictional
documentary of the narrator of Mitr Miirs
living iii Los Artgeles with her sort. it is an
“interior” film or as Varda puts it. an "emo-
tion film". This is Varda the "auteur". aitd
this is a film “to be read". As well as being a
ltigltly emotional ftlrti of the exploration of
alienation. iit this case the separation of
lovers. it is also the exploration of the rela-
tionship between visual and audio artistry--
how sound (music). or the lack of sound
(silence or pure narration) enhances the
visual image and how visual images
enhance arid reinforce the meaning of
words. the narration. which is a wandering
through the narrator's thought. corrtplele
with word games. questioning arid ento-
tiotial reactions. This preoccupation with

 

 

audio-visual complement-juxtaposition is
seen throughout Varda's work. but is most
effective In Docurnenteur.

In Cleo from 5 to 7, Varda's second full
lertgth film. sltot in 1961. there is a
beautiful mixture of documentary and lie.
tion. The scene. Paris. The woman. Cleo.
Cleo from 5 to 7 is a film about the
realization-transformation of self. Cleo
transforms herself from being an ego-
oriented pop singer. the doll-object of
friends. lovers. arid colleagues. unable to
truly communicate with another. to a
woman participattt. lit the existential sense
of being the creator of her owrt reality.
open enough to share experience with a
total stranger met lit a park. Cleo's realiza—
tiort is mortality-death. But to come back to
the notion of documentary. the flint is sltol
all over Paris-1 In the street. in the cafe. in
the park. (a lavorlte subject of Varda's. two
of her flittts are solely about "street |ifc"»-
‘Opera Manila. 1958. Drrguerreotypes.
1975) The viewer becomes exposed to the
Parisian way as well as follows the story of
Cleo froin the hours of 5 to 7 on a Tuesday
afterrioort.

Varda‘s Work reflects a coiiipassiottate

understanding and respect for “living
culture”. which is an art of a sort. lit
‘Dngtterrotypcs. Varda filmed the
shopkeepers of her quartler. the butcher.
Itlte baker. the perfume-maker. Tire
phenomena of the small shopkeeper s
ifadirtg iit France and the U.S.-- large corv
'poratiotis overpowering. atid driving tltetn
lout of business. Varda preserves iit film this
‘culture. this almost sooit-to-be folklore
ttraditlon of husband aitd wife
lestahlislintents. Mur Murs also captures a
fading culture The ttturals which Varda
“shot'I lti only 1980 are slowly disappear~
lttg behind graffiti or batik buildings. Eleva-
tion. Construction. Development.
‘ Varda's cinema lives. it is a system unto
itself. it sets up its own morality system and
its own symbolic system. Varda's system
rarely corresponds with society's arid
'ttsually turns conventions upside down.
Her systems destroy myths arid recreate
new ones. in Le Bonherir (linpptneSSJan
alternative system to a monogamous mar-
riage is explored. A husband-father of two
takes a lover yet fulfills his fatherly and
husbandly duties without everything falllttg
apart. What does this tell us? Tire wife dies
mysteriously after being told of the lover
and is shortly replaced by a lover who
resumes the role of mother-lover witliotrt
problem. agattt. What does this tell us? Are
our systems not as black aitd wltite as we
.ltlnk? Are we robots that are easily replac-
ed or aren't we? Are we puttitig ourselves
iii the position of robots by conforming to
limitations (social. moral)

Questions are raised when one views the
films of Agnes Varda. Thought provoca-
tion iii cinema is needed. Varda provides
her viewers with plenty of probable
possibilities to be reflected upon. Yes.
Agnes. “all things are possible iii the
cinema." l l

 

One For Cleo

or Cleo conime example

 

She spurns

to hit the street
to participate - to see

She doesn't rtiourrt

It's her hand to deal
(ill clement of chance
a glance lit a glass
no longer n solace

An independent prance

A or vision made

 

her world of binary color and pop songs

the lynching o] the per/tinted wig
if hangs on the newly vacant mirror
of a past time
o] a peopled dimension
0/ maids and men
who peruse their — suggest

from the suttttgcry o] frog-(rating men

through (I croiutfctl cafe — aids to strengthen
"fe spectacle” of others »— their rrtytlts

false irrtpositiorts

of f’ictrssr). ern

she continues -— contributes
to a life ~ ttotii fiL't' (turn.

for Agnes Varda

 

 

 

m—tOm'om)

r—za'olb

 

 

