    

if
r,
'i

..-u..

 

 

 

IMM‘»»us—Wo -. .

   

 

 

 

A new concept was born In the mid-seventies.
During the "WIN" generation. as prices for even
the most basic necessities Increased beyond the
range of the average consumer. a new
phenomenon entered the American market. Big
business began selling grocery products In
generic. that is. untrademarked. form.~ By
avoiding the high costs of packaging design and
advertising. standard quality products could be
offered at very low prices, marketed In starkly
labelled containers. void of unnecessary orna~
ment and detail.

The first of these products were canned
vegetables. with cut wax beans and sweet peas
leading the way. Slowly but surely. however, the
idea spread to include a myriad of other grocery
and household goods. Soon we were to see
generic elbow macaroni. cocktail peanuts. paper
towels. dishwashing liquid. dog food —- the list is
endless. Even cigarettes and beer have been
made available in generic form. though with
limited success so far.

In recent years. generic products have begun
to move beyond the realm of supermarkets. and
Into other stores. beyond the dinner table and in-
to our daily Interactions. We've seen the Incep-
tion of generic postcards. for Instance. My own
collection Includes Philadelphia and Cape Cod.
Short and sweet. they save you a great deal of
your valuable vacation time. Generic books are
beginning to find their niche In the market.
Notable examples include western. romance.
science fiction. and mystery novels. Generic
novels come complete with plot. major
characters, and usually a happy ending. without
the glossy covers and the unbearable $14.95
price tag of a hardcover best seller. Major writers
haven't yet caught onto the trend. though The
Stories of John Cheeuer came close. Generic
bumper stickers are also a reality now.

Despite the advancements made In the world
of generics. there have been several setbacks.
For example, as each major supermarket began
to put generic products on Its shelves. they felt a
need to differentiate thelrs from theirs. This was
a tragic defilement of the generic concept. With
this differentiation. the consumer was forced to
choose from “Valu-Pak Crushed Tomatoes."
“Econo-Buy Crushed Tomatoes." and “Money
Saving Brand‘ Crushed Tomatoes." thus
defeating the generic principle of relieving the
consumer of the burden of choice.

The telephone serves as an example of a turn-
about from the principles of generics. For
years. the standard black dial phone was the
norm. Then AT&T developed pastel colors. wall
phones. the princess phone. and touch-tone
dialing. Could Mickey Mouse be far behind?
Then of course there's the reversion from the
generic family. In the fifties and sixties. television
unknowingly promoted this concept. The
Nelsons and the Cleavers symbolized the subur~
ban goal of domestic bliss and perfection. Then
came the Bradys. A true watershed In TV family
history; second marriages all around. and all
those childrenl

So where do we go from here? What 1 pro-
pose is the proliferation of generic products and
institutions throughout society. What can we
gain from a generic society? Simpler lives.
freedom from choice. less advertising. lower
prices. and the ablllty to buy things previously
beyond our means.

Let’s take breakfast cereal —- something rarely
seen In supermarkets In generic form — as an
example. Let's put an end to sugar coated puff-
balls. secret toy surprises. single serving
packages. and mail-away offers. Corn Flakes
came close to the Ideal. Shredded Wheat even
closer. but the packaging is all wrong. The solu-
tion is to simplify these products. both inside and
out. And l don't care if Mikey likes It or not.

We could even generlcize cars. Just thinl~
what a renaissance Detroit would go through
Naturally. a generic car would be available in on
ly one color. white. with a black Interior. pro-

bably rather boxy in appearance: The Volvo
comes quickly to mind. The Swedes. not known

 

/

 94; 2:: 

for spontaneity or exuberance. have maintained
the basic design for decades. Renault caught on
when‘ it labelled LeCar. but the infiltration of
French was somewhat pretentious.

Aside from groceries and other products. four
American institutions stand In need of generic
counterparts: fast food restaurants. the evening
news. fashion. and higher education.

Generic Fast Food Rent-unma

Certalnly the time has come for generic fast
food. The name brands aren't that good
anyway. and we're certainly paying too much for
them. Have you seen the price of a Super Bur-
rito or a Big Mac lately? The great expense of
packaging and promoting these products Is
without question the major reason for their ex-
cessively high prices. l'm sure the restaurants
aren't paying out a lot for Ingredients. and I can't
Imagine paying fast food workers more than the
minimum wage.

Think about It for a minute. Golden arches?”
Isn't that Just a bit ostentatious? And aren't you
getting tired of paying for that clown? Generic
fast food would end all this, Including those In-
cessant “burger wars." .

When l'm out for a. quick burger or another
form of carbohydratic sustenance. l'm generally

 

   
 
 
 
 
 
  

Cover and center/old photos by Ed Marunich.
of Calvin Klein Jeans. you know what l‘m talking

about. Then there's the matter of a certain pro

hockey team with a penchant for Sasson. I'd also

like to know who gave Izod the copyrights and

trademarks for little cloth alligators.

Thankfully. there are some stores which have
attempted to protect the consumer from the
price-gouging of the major department stores.
NBO. Marshall's. Cohoes. Loehmann's. and
others. claim to offer "name brands for less." But
herein lies the problem. They're still pushing the
name brands.

All we need is a reasonable assortment of the
basic elements of the standard wardrobe. While
this drastic change from the current preoccupa-
tion with a dazzling wardrobe and "dressing for

’ success." will take a great deal of getting used to.
the amount of time saved from not having to

     
  
   

  

l
/

 . rm m.LWe-.uqv

 

1 . ‘

,4.

t film—g

m

 iii"; it- I

  

 

“The State University of New York at Albany is perhaps the most generically

oriented institution of higher learning in America. The university is

P'aC‘iCauy Prefabricated. Imagine how easy it would be to quickly build

the same campus over and 0413?" again across the country.”

 

 

 

I

 A. ' ...-.——. ..
-. - _
..._._...__.. _._... s...— .v-v-

_——\‘_—r

When I sit down to watch the evening news, I
want to be informed. not entertained. though
real life can be quite entertaining. In a generic
society. the evening news would be delivered by
a graying. rather elderly anchor. conservatively
dressed. and quite serious about the duties In-
volved In the job. The studio would be void of
excessive color and decoration. and even those
screens behind the anchor could be eliminated.
And we really only need one anchor. l'm pretty
confident that the person who reads the news Is
capable of reading the sports and weather.

Generlc Fashion

 

pick out your clothes In the morning and the
eradication of those feelings of low self'lmage
when you're not as “dressed-up" as social
demands require. will more than compensate for
the lack of color and variety In your wardrobe.

The Generic University

As students. we're all aware of how much col-
lege costs have risen In the past several years. A
year at Harvard. Yale. or some other such
school. with all the frills Included, now costs up-
wards of $18,000 a year. Obviously ivy and
tradition don't come cheap. We need generic
universities and we need them now. We need
high quality education at a reasonable price.

Suprisingly, we're close to making this Idea an
actuality. Just look around you. The State
University of New York at Albany is perhaps the
most generically oriented Institution of higher
learning In America.

First of all. It's fairly cheap. As far as the na-
tional average goes. SUNYA's price is hard to
beat.

Second. It's black and white and all the
buildings look the same. from the dormitories to
the library. But after all. there is no reason why a
university should go out of Its way to make Its
science buildings look futuristic or polytechnlcal.
These buildings are for educating. so why should
a physics building look any different from a
humanities building? The labelling of SUNYA's
academic buildings couldn't be more generic.
When you walk by the Biology building, you
know exactly what's being taught there. The
same holds for the Education building. and so

forth. Sure. we could name the buildings after
distinguished alumni or prornlnent benefactors
(If there were any). but that would defeat the
purpose. Of course. naming the dorms was a
tragic slip-up.

Third. the university Is practically pre-
fabricated. lmagine how easy It would be to
quickly build the same campus over and over
again across the country.

Fourth. note the subtle attempts by
anonymous administrators and faceless
bureaucrats to simplify the university's name to
“The University at Albany."

Fifth, notice the huge black and white signs at
the entrances on Washington and Western
Avenues. symbols of our approaching generic
status.

Finally. SUNYA's homogenous student body
— the narrowness of their academic interests
and the standard geographic base — adds to the

“Ol [00kan for a full course meal. I can't e x '5 not in.” 5; mini Tl‘e ingredients are ro- ent events weren't interesting enough. some

'emembe' "‘9 family going out to dine on   In your nw'n minui'l'i‘lm- Pile bread rEaIly rstations have to add excitement by offering at I've even gIVen some thought to anerlc geferlc BlmOSPhere 0f the UTSVerSlW-IM

Macs and fries. So let's trim the fat. so tn‘speim isn't an in." hit; .i Iit'ni miller. And come to think mas. two anchormen. foreign correspondents. clothing. As one who is knovan far spen 1an a so the negdl tigiehyou uyNDed .ome olr

In a generic fast food restaurant. you wu|k in 0!" 5pm,.” .,ni.-rsiiniip~’¢t me. they're an ﬁber and Smmmg visual weds. great deal of his extra money on e outpu Oha anotherplair 0 or ac e, eat at en fys.watc1

order your food (sorry. no more drive-thru win: “my, “f”... |,.,.,.. prurnwis oi genericg. ABC's "world News Tomgmn we”. (a, over, certain clothing manufacturer located aong t 8 Dan Rut ier. or contemp ate trans erring to
L V I .H H , , mud“)ch overpaid anchnrmen coast of Maine. I have to say that good quality Princeton. think about the generic society. Think

boa“ W' ' "LL ' about the false allure of the name brands and

ldpwsl. and when It arrives. It’s wrapped in plain
Hijack and white paper. labelled
AMBURGER,‘ “FRENCH FRIES." or

Generic Evening News

bringing us the news from all corners of the
world. Apparently the producers felt that Inter-

clothlng at reasonable prices —— becoming ever
harder to find —— would certainly be a valuable
asset. While the heyday of designer leans has

how you've been bought by Madison Avenue.
Granted. the generic society will be much less

whatever. After all. do cu m  (1. ;..-.Hv|l1e ria s of the older - 'onal news coming from a studio on Sixth

hamburger served to you 'ln an   . “alfj‘liILLI IIEKIRWIH... tits news f'r'om his simply Wan...” just didn‘t cut it. will. “.ch news desks. come and gone. the fashion~con5clous still :oloriul. (ll‘ynamr. anddmltlrltllfariousiligut théntk of
boa'd box") And anyway. when I order a li’un- ilfrnished studio i'wm' “W Walter Cronkite, the “more is better” concept was played to the abound among “5- “5 ha'd ‘0 90 far Wllhm'll 10W mUC'lSlmP er Ourhag; leeSle ehﬂn OW
burger. alllreally want isahamburger Wh-u‘LW ” W’l Brinkley .iilil In: Servareid. How we Inn I guess the thuury was to make the news seeing some little red or white tag on someones easily we I slepjrate It) e ac rom t (2 white,
“"5! Is “Big Mac" or "Whopper" supposbd tr h-rw, “gapinnv' “on. " Personality Cults 5L". mom dynamic, imwcvc,‘ being from the "Old denim backside. and nattgallly; they take grleat without tresta es in etween. ’ “gm
meari' anyway? Arid how many of you know n'iund the main: .mt'lw'lW" and aclion-packed school." I found the globe-trotting rather unsettl- Pains ‘0 never 'ac'i'i " l) ' tf llo'f' remem I"r  Jlm 001302.20 -

what s‘In the “special sauce?" I do. and be“er news Shows mt; Illn nnlur oi the day. As If cur— Ing. Brooke Shields an er c ose u 0 seven pa rs .

mcr-scrngyw. b.» .r .

 

