 

 

 

l

By Keith Murder
ASSOCIATE spurns comm

The Albany State men‘s basket-
ball team opened 'up their con-
ference schedule by defeating the
Oneoiita Red Dragons Wednesday
night. 63-54. holding Oneonta"s
high-scoring. three-time All-
SUNYAC center Mike Pocyntylttk
to only six points.

“1 was psyched for it." said Dane
co-captain Wilson Thomas. "Con-
l‘ercncc games are our biggest
games."

Oneonta tried to stop Albany's
offense 'yvith a variety of defenses.
but none seemed to work as Albany
broke out of the gate quickly and
never looked back.

The first defense Oneonta tried
was a triattgle-and-two. The two
Oneonta guards played Albany's
guards man to man and the other
three defenders tried to clog tip the
middle.

To combat this defense Albany
went into their man-to-man offense
which features the forwards cutting
from baseline to baseline. This
seemed to work extremely well.
with Thottias and Dune point guard
Dan Croutler being the main
benefactors.

Croutler opened up the scoring
“seconds into the game when he
pulled down a rebound and took it
coast to coast for a jumpshot just
inside of the foul line. Thomas then
hit ajumpshot which gave Albany a
4-0 lead. Oneonta then tied the
game at four on baskets by Steve
Campbell and. Pocyntyluk.

After an Adam Ursprung basket
which put the Danes up by two.
Albany again stretched their lead to
four on two Thomas foul shots.
After Onconta tied the game at
eight. Thomas threw a sharp
diagonal pass from deep in the cor-

: ner to Croutler. who hit an 18—foot
shot which gave Albany the lead for
good.

 

 

Croutler was not finished. 0n the

next sequence he'stole the ball from

Oneonta guard John Ehanks and
drove down the right side of the
court. He then did his patented
two~on-onc fast break move where
he fakes it behind the back pass on
the rttn and springs towards the
ltoop. where he pttt iii a layup to
put Albany up by four.

On Albany's next possession the
versatile Croutier then sent an alley-
oop pass to Thomas, who banked ill
the shot.

This early domination by the
Danes prompted Onconta to switch
defenses. The box-and~one on
Crouticr come next. followed by
various Iottcs with a little mart to
man mivcd itt. They were all cqtutlly
unsuccessful.

Albany did falter at one poittt of
the first half. Up by 10 with 311‘)
left the Danes cased tip a bit and
Onconta took advantage of this.
The Red Dragons scorcd fottr
points to ctit the Albany lend to six.
32-26. To close out the half Albany
went into their spread offense. suc-
cesfully killing the last 1:16. Willi
three seconds remaining on the
clock. Albany's Doug Kiltttcr made
his move to the hoop; lie then
thread the needle with it pass
through tltrcc Oneonta defenders to
a cutting John Mracck. who hit a
reverse layup at the buzzer to give
Albany a 34-26 halftime lead.

At the beginning of the second
half it was Act II of the Dan
Croutler Show. He scored six out of
the Danes‘ 14 second half points
with assists on six out of the other
eight.

With the Danes in front 36-28
Croutler stole a pass from 6‘4"
Oneonia point guard Kevin
Lawrence and fed trailing .Ian
Zadoorian with a drop pass which
resulted in a hoop.

"He's a tough player.“ Albany
Head Coach chk Saucrs sttitl of his
5'7" dynamo. “When he plays

DECEMBER '9. I 983

 

under control, and uses his head.
he's its good its any guard in the
conference.“

Zttdoorian was then the recipient
of another brilliant Croutier pass;
when he cut underneath Croutler
rifled it pass into ltitn and he scored
on another layup. This basket rais-
ed Albany's lead to 12. 40-28.

Croutler then hit three shots from
20. it) and 12 feet before getting
another assist on an Ursprung
basket that pttt the Danes tip by 12
again. 48-36. with 12:20 remaining.

Starting with that basket.
Albany‘s big tncn took over scoring
the next eight points. Ursprttng hit
one more before Mrttcck hit two top
of the key jumpers. giving Albany
their biggest lead at 54-40 with jtist
under 10 minutes remaining.

With 6:45 remaining. Adatti got
the ball 10 l'ect away from the
basket; he tnoved brick five feet itito
his range arid canned the 15-foot
l'ttllttway jtttiipcr. making the score
56-42.

Albany tltcn went ittto their stall
offense up by nine with 3:14 left iii
the gitmc. ()neonta fouled
Ursprung twice. The freshman
cttttic tltrottglt under pressure and
sank all four fottl shots. This put
Albany up 61-50 with ttndcr two
tnintttcs left in the game.

“Adam has been playing with u
lot tnorc confidence.“ said Sttuers.
“He‘s improving each game."

The last minttte featured sloppy

 

play by both teams. but Albany
came on top of a 63-54 decision.

eond straight game. with 15 points
and seven ussists...Ursprttng. with
12 poittts and 10 rebounds. scored
iit double digits for the second time
(10 against Stony Brook) and had
double figures in rebounding for
Red Dragons were playing their the second time (It versus CCNY)
sixth game itt eight and put the two together for his
uights...Croutier led the Danes ltt first "duuble-douhle“...After
both points and assists for the sc- defeating the Red Dragons the

HOOP-LA: This win raises the
Danes' season record to
4-1...0neonta heat Division I Ulicu
to open up their senson...Alhany's
series record versus Otteontu is now
34-23 iii favor of the Danes...The

ED mausstcn UPS»

Dave Adam suspends himself In mid-air as he attempts to score in
Albany's victory over Oneonta Wednesday night.

Danes will complete their dragon-
slaylttg week when they face the
Cortland Red Dragons Saturday at
University Gym. tip-off time 8:00
pm...Ron Fried broadcasted his
filial game for WCDB
Wednesday...The game will be
broadcast on 9ll-‘M WCDB starting
at 7:50 with broadcasters Mike
Brnsco attd Bruce Cowaii. l'l

Women cagers trounce New Paltz for fourth win

 

 

By Perry 'l‘isehler
.\' I‘lll'I’ WRITER

 

never let tip. Once again, the opposition's top
scorer. Lisa Ratieri. was held to 10 points by
the Dane patented box-and-onc defense. it

There was a massacre last Tuesday night itt was a game that enabled Albany to reveal all

basketball team totally annhilated a weak

pushed their record tip to 4-3.

Warner's playbook.

ed scoring attack with 18 points while playing
only ltalf tltc gauic. Sophomore forward

back on the right track.
Down low. Chris Cannata powered in it

kept the glass clean with tenacious boxing out
techniques.

l’altl. team the night before as they ran all
over Rl’l. She then set some goals for her
team. '

Tltc Danes would hold New i’altz under 40
points. which they did. The Danes would
score at least (at) points. which they did. The
Danes would shoot 45 percent from the
floor; they shot 40 percent. in addition. the

 

 

Ralnnv Lesane scored 18 points as the women's basketball team destroyed Now

all: 81-38 Tuasday night. Albany Is now 4-3 on the yeah

team connected oti 19 of 23 free throws.
Coach Warner had realized her goals.
Although the Danes were easily winning by

#1
ED MARUBEICH UPS

Coach Warner had studied the woeful New home.

Inside:

JV Danes top
Oneonta;

New Paltz. The Albany State women‘s facets of their high-powered arsenal.
More of the some is hoped for this
New Paltz team by the score ot‘81a33 asthey weekend as Albany visits Clarkson and
Potsdam today and Saturday. respectively.
it was a game that was much needed to Clarkson, although very deep in height. is a
boost the Danes' confidence and gave them a new team who is young. Potsdam is also con-
chance to play everyone and work on every sidered better than New Paltz but Albany
offense and defense known to Coach Mari would certainly be considered the pic-game
favorite as the Danes shoot for victories
Starting guard Rttinny Lesane led a balanc- number five and six this weekend.

Diatte Fernundes. who ltad been strttgglittg FAST BREAKS: Potsdam game will be
this season. put iii 14 points to help get her Duues' second SUNYAC game ufterloslitg to
()neonlu itt conference opener November
2‘)...l)nttes host Russell Sage December 13
points, mostly on offensive rebottnds. and and are then off utttil January I‘) when they
visit Union...After this weekend Alliuny will
have only played two of first nine games at

l l

U P
record to 7-0
~Page 23

 

 

 

24 points at halftime. their aggressive defense

.“5":.' --tt tzttyt.... "‘I‘-i'.l

PUBLISHED AT T E STA-TE'UNIVERSI

VOLUME LXXI

 

mt ~“'

1,)" 0r NEW .tm'ka“ ‘

Friday

January 27, 1934 ' 7

NUMBER 1.

 

Cuomo seeks $200
tuition, $150 dorm
bikes for “1 984-85

By Bob Gardlnier
smrr warren ‘ *

Governor Mario Cuomo unveiled a $35.4 billion budget.
January 17. that includes proposed increases of $200 in
SUNY tuition and $150 in room and board along with in-
creases in monies for TAP and EOP and a proposal to award
Vietnam Veterans tuition free attendance.

This year’s demands could boost tuition and dorm costs -
not including food. books. fees and personal expenses - to
$3.100. up from $2,750 this year and $1.825 three years ago.

This new round of proposed increases follows the ltikcs
realized last year when the SUNY Board of Trustees rc~
quested and received $300 more in tuition and $1501n added
dorm fccs. Last year's increase was recotntttetidcd by the
board to tncet executive budget rcvcnuc requirements iii the
83-84 fiscal year.

The Board of Trttstces. tliouglt. did not see the need for
any additional fees this year. According to Harry Charleton.
eomtnttnicaifon spokesman for SUNY Central Administra-
tion. “The trustee budget request that was submitted to the
Division of Budget (DOB) did not request any tuition in-
crease."

When the Board of Trustees tnct this past Wednesday and
the new executive budget was discussed no formal action itt
regard to its content was taken, according to a spokesman
for'SUNY Central Administration who requested anonymi-
ty. “The board only authorized the chancellor to cotttinttc
discussion on the budget and investigate alternative sources
of fttttdittg that would otherwise be raised by tltc tttitioti iti—
crease." the spokesman added.

Stated itt the text of the bttdget. tltc $200 tuition increase
would provide an additional $28.2 million iti tuition
rcvctittcs. Tuition-increases will be pro-rated for part-time
students and will incltidc a proportionate incrcttsc on the
graduate tuition lcvcl consistent with past practice. The new
bttdgct also otttlitics a $500 increase iti non-resident tttitioti
added to the $900 hikc pttt iti place last year. This proposal is
intended to cotnplctc the 1983-84 long-range increase of
$1.400 itt non-resident tuition. A recommended $7.9 million
increase in TAP and $923,000 itt EOP stipends is also called
for. An additional $500,000 is budgeted to cover the cost of
Vietnam Era veterans’ tuition at SUNY.

The request to boost dorm rcttt another $150 would hc the
fifth consecutive dorm rent increase since 980. At that time
the Board of Trustees adopted a Self Sufficient Policy which
would gradually phase dorm costs out of the General
Operating Account by September 1. 1984 in an attempt to set
the dorms on a course of self-sufficiency.

Students will be “paying ntorc and getting less" with the
long term dortn increases according to SA Prcsidcnt Rich
Scltal'fcr. "We’ve already seen a decrease iii the hours quad
offices are open and there have been decreases in repair
staff," ltc said.

"There really aren't many vacancies in off<campiis hous—
ing. Even my luttdlord is talking about raising ltcr rent." said
Schaffcr.

Seltttffcr added that lie was surprised at the request for

5h

DEAN IE'I’Z ASP
Governor Mario Cuomo

Unveiled $35.4 billion budget.

 

Student leaders Jim Tierney. Diana Klos, Rich Schaller

 

RACHEL LITWIN UPS

 

SASU. NYI’IRG. Sat purlicipaliltg in (l nationwide voter re Iii-trillion drive.

Schaffer: Voter drive gets top priority

By Eric Hlltden
Slxl” ilk/II If

Albany stttdetit leaders pledged their co’mmittmcnt to iii-
creasing voter registration among students dttring a press
conference held in the (‘umpus Ccntcr Wednesday after-
noon. .‘

Tltc press conference is part of a nationwide campaign to
increase student voter registration.

“in 1964 students orgitni/ctl the M""’slppi Summer to
register blacks iii the South." said .littt TI ‘ t '. president of
the Student Association of tire State University. “now that
1984 is ttpott its it is crttciul that we demonstrate that students
still actively care about the future of our society.“ Voter
registration has always been a cottccrn of stttdetit leaders,
and this latest effort, tiotcd Tierney. will be the largest ever.
iti that it is bcittg coordinated nationwide. Joining SUNYA's
S.A. rind SASU are Student Associations frottt caclt oftlte 50
states. as well as the United States Stttdetit Association
(USSA). lti addition to Tierney. student leaders patr-
ticipating iii the press conference included Student Associa-
tion (SA) l’rcsidcnt Rich Schaffcr and Diana Klos. Chairper-
son of the board of directors for the New York State Public
interest Research Group. inc. (NYPIRG).

Also announced Wednesday wcrc platis to hold a National
Student conference on voter registration at Harvard Univer-
sity. Methods of achieving voter registration would. accor-
ding to Klos. be it major topic at tltc conference. The
ttltimatc goal to be achieved by increasing the student votc
around the country is to make political offices responsive to
the needs of students. said Tierticy. Klos added that societal
issues. sttclt as the turns race. consumer problems and en-
vironmentttl concerns \\lll also be discussed at the cons
i'ercnce.

The ttccd for a grcatcr student voice itt government is up—
parcnt. ttotcd 'l'ierncy. when discussing the specific problems
students encounter itt obtaining a ltighcr education. Federal
financial aid to students ttrountl tltc country has been cttt by
21 percent. or $2 billion ill the last two years. New York state
students. whoch 25 percent of all federal funds, have suf-
fered cuts iti federal financial aid amounting to half a billion
dollars. increased student voting is especially needed itt New
York State, which. says Tierney. “is ttttlikc any other state ill
the union". itt its political dealings with students. Ticrttcy
said that lie and SASU believe that New York's residency
laws. passed 3 days after the 26th amendment gave ill-year-
olds the right to vote.are an attempt to limit the intluencc of
students iti government. Politicians do this. Scliuffcr said.
because they cannot predict how students will vote. and are
afraid students will push for implementation of radical idcus.
Residency laws prohibit ottt of state residents from voting
anywhere but their place of residence, and stipulate that
residence is not changed by virtue ofttttending a higher tearnv
ing establishment. Tierney is convinced that these laws
violate the Voting Rights act of 1964. which states that no ex-
tra criteria for voting can be put on'any specific segment of
the population.

Anti-student ordinances. passed by local governments are
another reason. says Tierney. why students need a bigger
voice in government. Albany County. Tierney pointed out.

people l‘tom living togctltcr iii the same apartment. Schaffcr
ztgtccs that this is an attempt to hassle students. and keep
them its unsettled as possible itt Albany county.

Voter registration will. according to Schaffcr. be SA‘s
number one priority for this year. Schaffer said that in the
lust clccliott less than 2000 SUNYA students voted, front a
total constituency of over 10.000. SA has already begttn con~
ducting dorm sweeps. to find unregistered cligiblc‘votcrs.
and tell thcm how to register. With the support of ad-
ministration uttd faculty. SA is also cottdttcting classrooui
registration. The Administration has. according to Schaffcr.
started their willingness to work with SA in registering
students as it normal part of matriculation and housing sign
tip. “1 would support any attempt by the SA, both personal-
ly and as tttt‘administrator.“ said Frank Pogttc. Vice Presi-
dcttt for Studcnt Affairs at SUNYA. “to register students to
pttrticipntc iti tltc political process."

ltt May It)th the slittc Supreme court ruled that students in
Albany (,‘ouuty have the rigltt to vote. and as Schaffcr ex-
plained. “tlic average SUNYA student spends 10 months of
the year itt Albany. We should have an active voice in the
cotiuuunity." SUNYA students are as much a part of
Albany (‘ounty its anyone else. added Tierney. noting that
the average American changes dominion once every 3'/:years.
Currently. the Suprctnc Court is reviewing the residency re-
quirements tts it applies to all New York State students.

Dcspitc the Supreme Courts ruling. Shaffer feels students
are “getting it btttti deal from local politicians." At present,
two of the four polling places for SUNYA students are
located on ctlltlptls. and politicians, according to Schaffer.

13>

 

American killed
in El Salvador

Sun Salvador. El Salvador

I.A1SS()(‘I.-1I'I:'I) I'ltlz'Ss'IAu \tncticun woman was shot to
death. probably by leftist rel cls, us she was riding with ltcr
ltttsbund and cltildrctt on u h.ghwtty in eastern El Sultttdor.
a U.S. Etiibztssy spokesman says. .

The Americans wcrc ltctiding cam on Pan American
Highway toward the Honduran border early 'i‘hursday
when rebels ordered them to stop, according to the
spokesman. Gregory Lttgantt.

The woman's husband kept drivittd and “several shots
were fired frotn the surrounding hills." Lagttnn said. One
of the shots struck the victim on the rigltt side of her chest.
he said.

The family was traveling with u Salvadoran customs
agent, Lagana said. The family's destination was Casta
Rlcn where “apparently they were going to live." he said.

He said the other people in the vehicle were not httrt.

Lagoon said he was “pretty sure" leftist rebels killed the
woman. whom be identified as Linda Louise Cancel. 23. of

1D

 

 

currently has ordinances prohibiting three or more unrelated

 

 

 

