  

4a sound & Melon

Ten Years

.my archives, Alvin Lee and Ten
Years After. Rock and Roll Music to

the World. The album brought back some
old memories of beer parties down In a little
room we had fixed up in the cellar at
home. Everybody got into the album - pro-
bably the reason why it was covered with
scratches and obviously played to death.
it wasn't pure nostalgia. however‘that led
me to give the album a listen. The name
' Alvin Lee had popped up again - just as a
warm-up to Johnny Winter at the Palace.
But. something had happened to that gig
artd now Alvin was going to be doing It
alone at the Hulla Baloo In the fine city of
Rerrssalear.

 pulled the crusty old album out of

moa~0~ nab-a a}:

Wayne Peereboom

bartd alter they broke out of tlte Ertglish
blues circuit In the mid-00's. Yes. tltis part
of tire British invasion held togetlter until
tlte mid-70's. They probably reached their
apex with tlte classic nirte rnirtute perfor-
mance of "l'm Going Home." at
Woodstock Some of their other more
recogniaable tunes included "l‘d Love to
Change tlte World." attd "Cltrrrr»Cltr)r)
Momma."

Alter Lee was finished with Ten Years
After. he called his new battd. logically.
Ten Years Later. Most recently. lte ltas
been recording as simply Alvin Lee.

l'll admit i had doubts as to whether i
should make tltat trip to Renssalaer. lhad a
great fear of seeing someone ltaslt through
old tunes. while ridittg on an image that
had been created years ago. On the other
hand. i knew Lee was a very good guitar
player. who's been heavily influenced by
the blues - two facts that We found very ap-
pealing as of late. Furthermore. i recall
wondering whether he's doing something
new or different llelt it might be interesting
to see what ol' Alvin is up to these days. i
made the trip across the river.

For some reason. driving in Rettssalear
has always been a traumatic experience to
me. All i had were sonte directions hurried-
ly given in a Price Chopper parking lot.
Somehow we ended up on some wooded
back road - a perfect drinking spot for local
youth.

After a couple more wrong turns. we

 

 

Dear Capitol Cahleut‘sion Subscriber:

Due to recent rulings by the “Copyrtglt
Royalty Tribunal. " we may be forced ft
drop sortie popular channels on MAft’Cf
if? or ask to pass on higher roles to you.

his shocking news was received
by us in the mail one seemingly
- innocent afterrtoon last week. We

felt it was our responsibility as concerned
Americans to inform our fellow TV viewers
of this outrage and urge you to voice you
opinions. ‘

.

Chris Considine

 e
rgobRafat

 

in order to confirm the contents of tltls
letter we put in several calls to Capitol
Cablevision. However. we were put on
hold for an unbelievably long tinte (teti
minutes) while being treated to such lovely
Muzak standards as "The Winner Takes it
All" arid “Delta Dawn." until our dimes ran
out.

Unable to communicate directly with
Capitol Cablevision. we were forced to rely
on our equally confused sources and a
vague and misleading questionnaire that
was attached to the bombshell reprinted
above for our information. What we've in-
ferred is that due to a hike in royalties. our
local distributor has chosen to either drop
"some popular channels" or raise the price
for subscription. The channels Involved are

 

 

.- ' *xwtwqumgpwt‘.,-_..u.n~ t‘-»- w -

While they were never big international
stars Tett Years Alter was a well known

 
   
 

"0"...  “doors-t“ :mv.

Late

   

photograph by Leslie Fratkfn

fittally arrived at the Hulla Baloo. l was not
surprised to find the place rather crowded.
Alvin was just taking the stage. He had a
basic three piece band - guitar. bass and
drums. (Ten Years After had included
keyboards.) Lee wasted no time cranking
ittto some old favorites. The band was
lean. tight and bluesy. Alvin's guitar was as
crisp arid clean as it was quick. He seemed
irt top form. it looked like a good show.

At this point. the question remained as
to which direction Lee would take. There
seemed to be three possibilities: He could

The View Fror.n_The Couch

Beware The Ides Of March

 

WNEW (Channel 20 on the box). WOR
(Channel 22 on the box). WPfX (Channel
24 on the box). WSMW-WLVI (Channel
21 on the box) and. thankfully. WKTV-Z
(Channel 30 on the box).

The question is. are these stations worth
the extra 35 cents a month each that they'll
cost. or should we allow them to fade
away. leaving a void where there was once
pleasant programming? We'll supplv the
evidence. you make the decision

WNEW.WOR and Wl’lX were staples of
our youth. shaping and molding us into the
complete persons that we are now Today.
they still play an important role in our
everyday life. if we were to lose WNEW
we'd be denied such classics as WKRP in
Cinctnrtati. with Lotti Anderson; America's
Top Ten; MASH (twice daily); Three's
Company; Sports Extra; and Bugs Bunny
Can we afford such a loss?

Can we live without WOR? Tic Tac
Dough; Soap; Benny Hill. Madarne's
Place. with Judy Landers as Sarah .loy; the
Knicks. Nets. Rangers. Islanders and Mets -

what more can be said?

As if this isn't enough. imagine life
without WPlX, A day that starts with Flip-
per at 9:30 (for those of you who arise
before the afternoon) and reaches its zenith
with The Odd Couple (twice daily) can't be
all that bad. On top of this, the happy
viewer can delight himself with Star Trek.
The Magic Garden. Barney Miller. Little
House on the Prarie. The 700 Club. and
Happy Days. not to mention the many
great movies that are regularly shown on
this channel. Catt we endure such a
sacrifice?

 

In”, J , \...,_.. mt. nt-maw-v -.
, .

  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
  

go deeper into ltls blues roots; he could ex-'

plore some “new” musical direction or. at
worst. he could become mired in what lte
had been doing for many years before.

i hate to judge things on appearance. but
i have to say it was appearance that gave
me the first clue of Alvin's direction. He
looked the same as he did on many of his
album covers i had seen In the past. and his
guitar still bore the same peace sign. while
a guy in the back hocked black white and
orange Alvin Lee jerseys. complete with
thunderbolt.

i think the turning point of the show

          
   

came during a particularly drawn out Song
There were long bass and drunt solos, The
musicians didn't handle them very wait
The end result was something you might
expect if you pulled out an old copy‘nt
Grand Funk Llue.

Front that point on, the battd seemed to
lose the Intensity It had held up for the first
five or six songs. While art occasional song
rekindled that early sparkle. for the tuna
part the band seemed content to just tji‘i
through the songs. Lee nearly salvaged fltt'
show with some slick guitar licks and ‘rlrttlt'
antics which included belting out leads u. tilt
the use of a drumstick,

Nevertheless. the question [)i'isi‘tli'il
Why was Alvin on the “tour” itt llli' litsl
place? As the show went on it seunn'tl .tj.
parettt that he needed to make strttn‘
money, There just wasn't the enmrjt; at
musicians who are anxious to in.er .r n 
tribution to music.

it is hard for heavy oil's bands to t tin.

 

     

 

back. While not meeting mass lel r a
Steppenwolf has managed to ptrt lililrllrti

 

art interesting stage show liaclrt'rl lllt i . l
hungry. talented young iflli'ali'ltiih, ‘th rt l
penwolf leader .foltn Kay has kept In» t. «i
for the times. Other hands like lllt' (littlt‘fm
Dead and the Jefferson Airplane, Star lt‘jt
have never really left the scene it I\l\.lii .tr

 

deed wants to make a serious t'ltttli'liml 9
he needs to explore a different tltnu llttt l
On ltis present course. he runs llii' tl‘d’. r. .l
becotrting a sort of modern day (luv l.iit:i 
barrio who plays “l'rn Coming Home" at. .‘
the eve of the annual Woodstock antitth 
sary. if

if

i

There is. of course. tecltnopop. tint .
Alvin's getting a bit old for that llesttlr--. it
really doesn't fit his style it seems if Aim» ii
Wants a long standing career itt the titlisu f
business. he needs to break away from that ji
sound that was trendy in the oil's .tntt 
mid-70's. l'fls obvious talent is itt the him .i
and it seems that it is that part of his act that
he should concentrate on and develop
Perhaps start with the blues attd expand lit
to blues-rock ratlter than starting Willi
blues-rock and slipping into fill“
psychedelia. ,

ldort't know. Maybe l'm takirtg oi' Alklii l
too seriously. He may ltave just hit the road I
for nostalgia. bucks or both. At any rati-
the people at the show didn't seem to ho
complainittg - they packed the stage arm
and called him back for two encores. lj

 

 

Your Voice Can Count!

I Iwould/would not pay is; more tut each mtatnurt
cnrrrtrmt on my mutant. bill to mart
Amati mm, m:
A WNEW lluliun 20
B WSMWiWLVt Button 2i
C WYBS twin-hie Iillftfurl‘l
D wxrv 2 Button 30
E

2 i watch fluuuuntlylrnlruttunnlly -» l'luttao L‘netn
ltrrnuuncy of "act! station
t.a.“....,.r..u..,..,..rt,

A WNEWIhtliun ?ONYC 5 4 J 2 l

l] WSMWIWLVI lltrlltr’t :t MA 5 J 2 l
C WKlV 2’ Button 30 Uttea 5 4 Ci 2 l
[I WON Button 22 N V C 5 4 It 2 l
E WPlX Button 1'4 N Y C 5 4 J 2 l

a it Cnpltol In return to drop twonf tttr ctr
, annotating
wtvrrwsnw 5 WM: t.
mm“ "mm wt w ill would you rm. to sun
. rim or n... at twat.» 1....“ .

 

r fhrrservtcotmustenjoyunCautlniCanlavtainttts A W0“ E W“ ' WK”
n wmx
 c warm 2  i Will
u WLVI n USA ~
WSMW Thlnlt yout

s lwouliitil-ltnttnlyIthltlo'mt- trtttJn mini” mum
A Catritr Health Network or twain -
a can» flows lltrlmtth an from new.)
(1 tar-mattr- Murmur
u fiatuiitto Ntiws Ctrannrti :74 turn". unw'ri
t‘: lldylitrio («onion -. pingtatlttlntrgl
r Attstctritutrtlt Cliunttttt
o Other

5 l‘cﬂllffllfllll cam |r.rrt Ia trntrj .rtmnl tttrr t.tiiinttt:i!.
(Atrium (“run-v. Mil t.r frittl'ti in. mint tttru ta

tttu trusttturvt: rtnrr ttn lt-d'ni

   

7 iwrnruirnry a ttrutrer r.rtt- m viliw .. . ...... mm
It wntwtiurtnrtzu o wtw. trauma.-
ti w'aawrvn vttiurrarryt i WUlllittllrittY."
t. wntvg-tturtrrnttt r t-rturntntrrrttm

ii trim many ttrnrrs lit" nut-i a. l‘.t'tf firnllrtri 2m
rtuwtiti in your ftotrﬁlrfrtrltl"

I1 titrwtttnftyliutrf‘ {it't M‘I-h runs/irritant:-atriwm
«it til your trmrsuitottt'l

ttt Haw many htntt'r [Mil «on,» r-. MtV tttullon I'ti
vtuwutlItIyUIIt’iUttStrltultn

Oil wlIlel network 1!) you vitrw lfltt trio-ti fiiiiiil‘r
timgtnntttttnq rim max"

Ctttllu Ont:

 

 

As far as losing WKTV~2. better known
as C-SPAN. all tltese writers cart say is
praise the Lord! By the way. irt case you
were wonderirtg about the virtues of
WSMW-WLVl. an irtdepertdettt station
frortt Worcester. Massachusetts. we're
writirtg tltts article instead of watching
tltnnplirey liogart in The Maltese Falcon
(and believe us. it was a tough decision)

Here are the alternatives: allow these
and possibly more stations to be dropped
by Capitol Cablevision or pay 35 cents
rttortthly for each station (with the possibili-
ty of such new stations as WTBS' the
Super Station run by a super guy), ls 35

 

. Maturath mrrzrrr‘alhmrfrit: 4w.- was

cents a month a lot to ask for season"-
ticltets to Rangers road games? to a living
room seat in 104‘) Park Avenue?

All we can say is. thank (ind WXXA and
WSBK are not being threatened (or are
they?) Fill out this questionnaire and send
it to: Capitol Cablevislon. l’.(). fier ttZ‘lll.
Albany. NY. 12200
FUTUREVISION: lrt the weeks to come
we will be discussing such topics as TV litie
quette: Should Talking Be 'f'olerated'h
Repeated Viewing: When is it Too Much?
When Does it Become l-farmful?. illltl
‘Jame shows front Carol Merrill to Wink
Martindale. f 1

Australia has taken a glattt step
forward In promoting its culture
to the rest of the world. A band like Men At
Work seems to be the best example of the
Australian explosion. However. there are
many other acts that have been vying for
attention. This year marks the arrival of a
new group. Divtrtyls. Like Men at Work.
they hail from Dowrt Under. Like Men At
Work. they have a great deal of talent attd
potential. Like Men At Work. they ltave a
catchy debut album. in this
casef)esparute.The similarity ends here.
however. for the Mo groups sound as dif-
ferent as night and day.

Robert Schneider

Although the ittdividttal hand trtentbets
ltave been playing for years. l)tvinyls is
their first notable association The group
cattle together two arid a half years ago tit
Sydney. They soon began playing local
bars of questionable reputation Divinyls'
reputation grew rapidly. and they stroll
came to the attention of filttt director Ken
Cameron. who was looking for a band in
star lit a movie about Australian nightlife
Divinyls fit the bill perfectly. They also fit
the bill for WfiA. who signed them to a
recordittg contract. A single. "lioy's in
Town". was released artrl soon became an
enormous hit irt l)iv|nyls' home land.
Adttlatlon for them grew both because of
the single and also because of the group's
fantastic lIVe shows

Problems began to arise between the
group and WlZA A contractual dispute led
to Divittyls jumping over to Chrysalis. Apr
patently. other record companies cori-
sidered them to be a ltot itern.as the band
was swamped with other offers. Desparate
was recorded in New York City lit a rapid
four weeks. Later irt the year. Divirtyls was
set to begin a major US. tour.

What seems to stand out most about

1 n the last couple of years.

 

 

Divinyls is their lead vocalist. Christina Am-

oot‘wltat? No. Footworks. It's the
F annual production. choreograph-

ed and performed by SUNYA'S
very own dancers. Whether your
preference is ballet. modern dance. a mix-
ture of the two or none of the above. Foot-
works has it all. The pieces are diverse.
emotional and above all . . creative.

Michael Greenﬁeld

Since September. these highly
motivated. dedicated and of course
talented students have been devoting long
hours to formulting their ideas and emo-
tions into movement. ultimately to perfect
this movement into dance.

Dance lsan art. it Is a means to expressa
mood. a feeling or tell a story. All dance
has a purpose —— that is to affect its au'
dlence. to create a bond between that au-
dience and the performer so that a nonver-
bal message can be understood or simply
communicated.

In a rehearsal performance. Tuesday
night. Footworks was successful. The
dance is alive. entertaining and engaging.
There are thirteen pieces in all. Each has its
own personality . . light and airy like
“lcarus”. full of whirling confusion like
“Just A Lark" or romantic obscurity as in
“but Anyway . . Goodnight".

Classical as well as Jazz and Content-
porary music lovers are properly cared for.
Guest musical appearances include Stevie
Wonder. The Pat Metlteny Group. Rolling
Stones and the Who. The traditional ballet
enthusiasts will be more than delighted with
“Le Waltz". a ballroom scene of fourteen
dancers. it is one of only twu pieces
choreographed by a faculty member. fill
tlte other choreographers are students. for
the animal in you. "Jungle rlau" should be
enough to wet your appetite. and finally for
tlte jocks "i‘lalfttme" will make you feel
rigltt at home.

The pieces are arranged so that no one

 

 

 

 

-hr__._____.___

 

 

 

 

pitlett. Visually. site looks like a cross bet-
ween Pia Zadora and Debbie Harry. Vocal
ly. she sounds like dozens of possibilities.
front Marianne Faithfull to Dale Btruto of
Missing Persons. This is especially true on
"Siren." Amphlett mimics Bouio's style of
endtttg each verse with a girlish squeak.
The song itself Is a frenetically paced tune
that features a nice interaction between
Amphlett and guitarist-keyboardist Bjarne
Oltlln. it holds up the pace urttil a
cataclysmic. very effective dropoff at the
end. Many of the songs on Desperate are
bouncy. semi heavy metal songs. but there
are few solos. An exception to this is “Only

Come Dancing

will lose Interest: heavy gripping pieces are
followed. in contrast. by bouncy. cheerful
ones. The pace. style and musical accom-
paniment change enough to keep even the
more restless. like myself. content. The
costumlng is. for the most part flattering.
colorful and appropriate. Admirably. the
dancers display the sincerity of profes-
sionals. but perhaps more importantly
haven't lost the excitement that is so typical
of young performers. Enthusiastic energy
radiates from the faces -- this is the high
point of their year.

About forty-five students actually dance
in Footworks. at least another thirty are in«
volved in some sort of “behind the scenes"
work. This production is made possible
with Dance Council's sponsorship and the
help of two faculty members; Darlene
Myers and Ann Morris. Everybody
(dancers. choreographers. etc.) work as a
team. On stage the performers dance as
one.

Footworks ls more than just entertain-
ment. its value is far more reaching. What
makes it so important Is that it is the only
chance the dance students in this university
have to display their art. They can ex-
perience perfortning and others cart ape
preclate their talent. it's an incentive for the
dancers. something to strive for and
achieve.

Sometimes it's very hard to do justice
when previewing and describing art u- for
the reason that art is inherently a subjective
topic. There were some that said Pit: sso
couldn't paint . It all boils down to a
matter of taste.

f:tr()ltii()rlts has taste lletter yet. it has
variety. With taste. variety and creativity. it
is a very satisfying experience. The fee is
nominal and you can enjoy two hours of
Albany's finest dance to the comfort of the
Performing Arts Center Matti Theatre.
tonight and tomorrow evening. Relax arid

 

 

let somebody else's feet do the work. i

 

   

 

U " Lead guitarist Richard Harvey is
allocated an all-loo-brief solo. but he
manages to do his best with the limited titne
he's got

Like many bands today. Divinyls utilizes
some tricks on sortie songs. "Ring Me Up."
for example has acute little section at the
beginning where it sounds like sortie
cavemen were brougltt trt to grtntt and
groan. as Amphlett sings alotig irt tart. stac
crttto chirps Surprisingly. none of the gim-
ttticks ever seem to wear thin, Not all the
songs Oil the record rely on either tricks or
heavy metal thunder. however in fact.
directly following “Ring Me Up." we are

 

...., .—».-...r | r

   

llreated to a sweet little ballad called “Vic-
toria.” What's nice about this ballad is the
gutsy bass and drum backdrop to some
very soft. mellow singing by Amphlett.

Most of the songs on the record deal
with the incredibly redundant subject of In-
terpersonal relationships of the non-

Amphlctt and guitarist Mark McEntee delve
Into anotlter subject on "Elsie." it's a slow.
haunting song that again features a
tnarvelous. deep anchor provided by
bassist Richard Grossman attd drummer
Rlcltttrd Harvey. The lyrics fit the tempo of
the tune perfectly. They tell a tale of
loneliness attd resignation in the title
character's life: "She just sleeps all day/in
her squalid little slum /And takes little
white pills/To make her body feel all
numb." Sadly. on this sottg. Christina Am~
pltlett feels that she must moan. scream.
and just generally overdo things. Perhaps
she felt that this would evoke tears frorn a
listener; actually. it tends to evoke
laughter. combined with anger. Tobe fair.
criticisms like these are few and far between
on tltts fine album. For the rrtost part. the
Songs are well written and superltly per-
formed Mark ()pitr. the producer. ltas
done a fine job ttt not over-emphasizing
any individual elements This is quite an
achievement when you consider wltat a
strong vocalist Christina Atrtpltlett Is. A less
intelligent producer would allow lter to step
all tin‘f the test of the band This is not the
case ltete

Altltottglt this debut record is terrific. it
seems doubtful that it can match the squ
cess of Men At Work's opener. Business As
Usual First. there are very. very few
albums tltat could do that. Secondly. and
more importantly. Desperate is not that ac-
cessable when it comes to widespread FM
airplay. The strength attd gutsiness of both
the music and the vocals may scare off
many programmers. That would be a
shame. for Desperate is a fresh. entertain-

 

ing work. definitely wurth looking into.

 

’ noun-d I'vlqlon 5a

ﬁQM'UCIt)

S

M
A

‘R

1
l

platonic kind. Fortunately. Dlvlnyls' writers -

9
8
3

 

 

.awew- ‘

 

 

 

