 
    

 

    
   
  
 

   

     
 
 

   

  
 

  :

 

Wrestlers abroad

Shawn Sheldon and Alan Mar-
will. members of the Albany State
wrestling team. represented the
United States at the prestigious
Junior World Greco-Roman Olym-
pic Espoir Championships in Kris-
tiansund, Norway. in July.

Sheldon, a freshman, placed fifth
In the 105.5 pound weigltt class.
helping the U.S. finish 12th in the
team standings. their best finish
ever when the championships ltave
been held in Europe where Greco«
Roman ranks supreme. Marwill, a
sophomore wrestling at 163. did trot
place.

Sheldon and Marwill made the
U.S. teatn by competing in a series

 

26 Sports ALBANY STUDENT PRESS o SEPTEMBER 15.1983

***SPORTS BRIE

of events. Regional tournaments
were held thrOughout the U.S. with
the top two wrestlers in each weigltt
qualifying for a national tourna-
ment in June. Sheldon arid Marwill
won the national tournament as
well as the fianl wrestle offs. cin-
ching their spots on the U.S. Juttior
World team.

JD in Sweden

Former Albany State great John
Dieckelman is currently playing
professional basketball in Sweden
for Poiiscn. a learn from
Stockholm. The District II All-
Atncricatt scored over low points
in his three years at Aibatry and
received numerous honors
throughout his career.

Dieckelman is also coaching the
women's team of Polisen.

New SUNYAC

A women's State University of|
New York Athletic Conference has
been formed and will be under the
leadership of chairman Pat Rogers.
Associate Athletic Director at
Albany.

For the l983-84 seasons, the
sports included in the conference
will be soccer. cross-country.
basketball. indoor track. spring
track and softball. Tennis will be
added in the fall of 1984. Other
sports are beirtg considered and a
conference meeting is being held
this weekend.

FS***

 

J.

 

Shawn Sheldon. Albany State freshman, receiving a medal
from Norwegian National coach Zygmunt Dmowsklr

.i

CYNTHIA PLACEK

 

 

Women ’s soccer team third at Manhattan ville

By Mark Wilgard

5 TA FF WRITE

The Albany State women's soccer
team kicked off its 1983 season this
past weekend by taking third place
in the Manhattanville Tournament.
The Great Danes first bowed to
Manhattanviiic 4-3 on Friday. but
captured third place the next day as
they crushed St. John's. 7-0.

In the match against Manhattan-
ville. Lisa Lum gave Albany a 1-0
lead with her tally at 29:30 of the
ﬁrst half. After three unanswued
goals by Manhattanville. the Danes
came back on scores by Kim
Kosaiek and Kerry Young only to
fall one goal short. Amy Kidder.
beginning her fifth season as head
coach of the team, was nevertheless
encouraged by the play of the team.
"It was the first time back after all
of out injuries. and it took us
awhile to get into the game. But we
cante back and blew away St.
John's." Kidder said.

Young led the Great Dane
assault with four goals. Other
scorers included Lum. Sue Siagel.
and co-captain Dee Marfe. Kidder

Kidder is exremely enthusiastic
about the uneomina season. Site
pointed out that “the kids seem to
be working together. every game
we play we get stronger. Our pre-
season was great." She added that

“We have a lot of young players.
bttt they are a fast unit, en-
thusiastic. and tall up the middle."

This season's co-captains are
Karen Smith and Marie. Kidder
noted, “The speed up front is

 

gig. at:

  

 

13$;

g...‘

   
     

In  m

 

said. “Everything was working for
its. both offensively
defensively."

and The Albany State women's soccer team finished third In the

Manhattanvllle Tournament last weekend.

drastically improved with the addi-
tion of Lisa Lum." Other key
players this year are Paulette
Hodgkinson (center-midfielder)
and Dana Slam. who is making a
move from midfielder to stopper
back.

The Danes lutvc fine depth in the
goaltending department. Cathy
Russo and Tracy Knatrl will split the
duties. The reason for this. accor-
ding to Coach Kidder. "is to allow
Russo to play back out in the mid-
field."

Albany opens up the season with

a home match today against Skid-
more at 4:00. Kidder noted the
“tough schedule we have to face."
Challenges on the schedule appear
to be the matches against Division 1
Cortland and Division II ltltaca.
The squad plays 17 games this year,
the most ever for the women‘s soc-
cer team. Kidder is eagerly awaiting
the season to see if her “fast team"
can progress to the state champion-
ships. “We're just going to take it
one game at a time. We have qttality
through and through, and if we stay
ltealthy. we'll be the team to
watch.” she added.

Danes lose to Ithaca

<Back Page

Last year the Flying Dutchmen
were 6-4. but their four losses were
by a total of 15 points. One of their
losses was in a close game with
Wagner. an NCAA playoff team.

The game will be the first of two
night games for the Danes this
season. Toop feels that it shouldn't
be any distraction for the team. “In
fact it is probably a benefit becattsc
it will be a litle bit colder than play-
ing lit the daytime." he added. Last
week the gatuc was played ttndcr the
hot sun in 90 .plus degrees.

All the action can be heard live
on WCDB91FM beginning at 8:00
pm. i i

0 O O

I’AW PRINTS: Loss to Ithaca was
first In last three meetings. Series
now stands 5-3 In the llombers
favor . . . Senior Ed Eastman led
the Danes with seven unassisted
tackles and one sack from his
linebacker position . . . Soldlui led
Albany runners with 56 yards on I2
carries before second half iniury
took him ottl of the game.

 

Parker presents 2500 chances
your father ﬂoor had.

home computer.

Enter the ’arkchopoi—thc-
Class Sweepstakes‘and you could
win Something that can give you a
real advantage in life.

Your ownTexas instruments

While you're at it. pick up
somethin better to write with.
too. A Parker lotter ball pen.

its rrticroscopically—tcxtured
ball gri s the paper to help prevent
messy lobbing and skip ing.

 

 

. .. . . 4—,. “mommy's-.9...

.

 

SEPTEMBER 15.1983 D ALBANY STUDENT PRESS  

Harriers look promising for upcoming season

 

B Tom Kacandes
ASSDCM TE SPORTS EDImR

 

The upcoming season promises to be an in-
teresting one for the 1983 edition of the
Albany State men's cross country team. This
year‘s Danes are a drastically changed team.
Four of last year’s top seven runners have
graduated. leaving a big job for this year's
very young team. Albany faces a particularly
tough schedule this fall starting with the
opening 4-way meet against Division powers
Army and Syracuse and Division II East
Stroudsburg at West Point tomorrow.

The '83 Danes are best described as young
and untested. There are. for example. no
seniors on the team. which is almost one-half
freshmen. 0f the five returning lettermen.
only junior Jim Erwin can boast of two
seasons of experience. ‘.‘I don't think anyone
is willing to make predictions about this
season. We're pretty strong. bttt who can say
how we'll match up? I’ve been calling us ‘the
mystery team' from’day one."

Part of this tnysterlousncss comes from the
fact that about half the varsity teatn has
rtcvcr rttn college cross-country before.
Leading this host of rookies arc junior Ed
McGili and sopllornore Craig I’arluto.
McGill spent last fall ineligible and in poor
condition, bttt run well. as did l’ttriato. dur-
ing the winter and spring track seasons.
Training hard during the strtutncr paid off. as
McGili came in first for the Danes scrimmage
against SUNY Coblcskill on Albany's 5.05
tniie course last Monday. McGiil crossed the
line in a verv fast 27:03. closely followed by

returning sophomore lan Clements. who
finished second in 27:l9. only 26 seconds off
his best time. Consistent performances from
Clements will be key to the Dane attack this
year.

The team will also be looking for strong

running from two-time letterman Erwin. who

ﬁnished 14 seconds off his best time on Mon-
day, crossing in 27:27. Erwin is on pace
towards his best season at SUNYA and his
development will be crucial to the team's
ability to score well at the big meets. .
Parlato run very strong to ﬁnish fourth in
the scrimmage. leading the second pack of

  

ED MARUSSIC“ UPS

Jim Erwin. Ed McGIIi and Chuck Bronnar lead the pack as the cross country
team deleatod SUNY Cobloaklii in a preseason moat.

 

Albany runners. Parlato redshirted his
freshman season. but has returned in gooo
condition and displayed talent. Junior Chris
Caliaci ﬁnished ﬁfth after cramping early in
the race. Last year the Danes had a problem
with keeping the top five scoring runners in a
pack, essential in cross-country dual com-
petition. Said Caliaci. "If we can keep our
number four and five runners in contact with
the front pack. we'll be there. That's what
i'm looking to do." Helping Callaci in this
task will be returning sophomore Chuck
Bronner. who has matured as a competitor
and refined his running style.

In cross-country. it is the top six runners

. who make or break a season. However. every

team needs another six strong runners to pro-
vide depth in case of injuries. The entire
squad trains togetitcr and in the course of the
long and grueling season many changes take
place. The Danes next dog pack is led by
freshmen Mike Haus and Todd James. both
of whom ran very strong on Monday. .iunior
transfer James McGinty and freshmen 'i'im
lltrff and .Iack Glaser need to become com-
petitive to provide coach llob Munscy with
the depth oftalcnt he'll need to have a ainn-
ing season.

livery year Munscy schedules his season
opener against Syracuse. Army ttnd liast
Stroudsbutg "to get the kids‘ feet wet iii a big
.vtty." The opening tneel should give the
Ditties a chance to show their best stuff anti
Itopefttlly it will be easier to make a happy
prediction for Albany State's tough season
ahead. [ l

 

  

 

inexperienced Danes to facetough task in ’83

 

By Marc Schwarz
SPORTS EDI TOR

 

When the Albany State Great Danes took the ﬁeld
against Ithaca last Saturday. only six of the 22 starters had
walked onto the field as starters a year ago. Only two of
the II offensive starters had ever started a game at their
position on the varsity level before.

The 23-0 defeat at the hands of the Botnbers and any
future disappointments are not from lack of talent or
desire but are due to inexperience. “We have a good
group of guys here. We will eventually become a good
football team this year. The question is when." A‘bany
Head Coach Bob Ford said. "We are just
inexperienced."

The Danes are particularly short on experience on—the

 

. mt

 

 

 gsﬁm‘t.

...._. wtﬁi‘doi‘w V~'-v*“‘3"-"“

offensive line. a key cotnponent of the Albany wishbone
attack. Guard Tom Jacobs is the only returning starter
and the other fottr linetnan consist of two freshmen and
two sophomores. in last Week's game. the Bombers ex-
ploited this weakness in sacking quarterback Tom Roth
six times and iirnitirtg the Dane offensive effort to only
186 net yards. '

Roth, a senior. was a victim of circumstances. accor-
ding to Ford. “He played well enough last week. He just
didn't ltave enotrght tirtte to get the plays going. Looking
at the ﬁlms. we were just one block away from breaking
several plays for big yardage." he added. Roth finished
eight for 17 for 72 yards passing and had Several throws
dropped by his receivers. ‘

John Dunham will return to the Dane backfield after
missing last week's game with a sprained ankle. Dunham
was the team‘s second leading rusher last season and tied
a school record with I0 touchdowns. However. the Danes
learned this week that they will have to play the rest ofthe
year without running back Dave Soidini. Soldini. who
rushed for 56 yards against the bombers was operated on
for an ankle injury that he suffered in tltesecottti half of
last week's game. liailhack Monty Riley made his first
varsity start a success by averaging over trve yards a carry
on six attempts. l-le narrowly missed breaking several runs
for big yardage.

Receivers Pete McGrath and Bob Brien cotnbined for
almost haifot' the Albany receptions against the Bombers.
The pair are attractive targets for Roth. Ford is planning
to average 20-25 passes a game. which should have Brien
and McGrath in the thick of the Danes offensive attack.

The Albany defense. considered to be the team's strong
suit prior to the season opener. faitered early on against
Ithaca. However. after giving up touchdowns on two long
drives on the Bombers first two possessions, the defense
turned stingy. They shut down the lthaca offense for the
middle two quarters and kept Albany in the game.

The defense is led by returning starters Ed Eastman.
Bobby JoJo and Tom Fogarty. Eastman. who had seven
unassisted tackles to lead the Danes in that category.
covered a large part of the field from his linebacker posi-
tion. l-‘ogarty is the only returning starter on the four man
from line.

 

 

And it writes u to ivc times
longer than most bail pens.

Look for sweepstakes entry
forms and details at your college
bookstore. But do it soon. With
over 500 computers to win, this is
one sweepstakes worth entering.
\X/hiic you still have the chance.

<i> PARKER

Against Ithaca. the defense forced three turnovers and
recorded three sacks. When the bombers threatened to
run away with the game early on. the Danes stonewalled
their attack. lthaca recovered a l‘unbied kickoff on the
Albany l5-yard line in the first qttarter after scoring their
second touchdown and came away empty.

The Bombers were stopped again in the second qttarter
iftcr recovering an Albany futttble on the Dttne 31 yard- . '
line. A third down sack by Eastman of quarterback Jeff
Flanders took the Bombers out of scoring position back
to the Albany 4l-yard line.

As the Danes travel to Long Island for tomorrow
right's game with Hofstra University. they are hungry for
'their first win of the young season. according to Ford.

Albany will play their first home game next week, when
they host the Golden Eagles of Brockport State at 1:30
p.m. on University Field. Cl

 

‘\ D A . ' “ 
Grand 1 1 126s
.‘\ lt'v.ts ltrsttttrru'tits‘“ -l. hit."
t'tlllilnilt‘lSi’Hit'ili‘JAIiiiibi“a”, .

a ‘ I ‘
Second Prizes. '
Ali'msinstprmcnts‘)‘)/7 /\‘| . sInstrumentssttttlctrt
lmsittomptrtt-rwmthSW, mathcalculatorWorth ”

 

ED AI'IUBBIC‘I UPS
against Holatra tomorrow night. Albany Ia iooktng
for its first win of the season.

 

 

Quarterback Tom Roth. who was 8 for 18 for 72
yards passing against lthaca. will load the Danes

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

