 
      
  
   

.c._........,. 3... ,— “a.

.-« wane-Wm. m...

   
 

t r,
i

  
 
  
   
  
  
   
  
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
   
 
   
 
  
 
 
  
  
    
  

 

. ‘.,m~r.w«smmsww w
"AH"... ;. - - .. .
a“ n ., .. ,m we...“

. M...

 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
  

ports

M.MWWML_W.WW”’_ _... .

  
 

 

A winning weekend

—page 18

FEBRUAR Y 8, I983

Albany survives a late Stony Brook surge, 59-57

Plattsburgh visits University Gym tomorrow
with second place in SUN YAC at stake

 

By Marc Haspel

\I’URIS ill/[UR

Thomas. playing a strong game witlt l3 points fouled

Dikmuti seriditig tiic 6‘2" senior to the line for two

 

When Dick Sairers‘ Albatiy State Great Danes walk-
ed off the University Gym floor Saturday evening with
their l2th victory of the season. they were hardly in the
mood to celebrate. 'l‘he Danes had just watched a
lo-point lead shrink to two in the closing minutes of
Ilic ganic as the \lsillttg Stony Brook Patriots mounted
a valiant cotncoack. hiit thc Danes held on to win.

59-57.
"A win is a win.‘

said Saticrs.

“it wasn't pretty. btrt it was a wilt." added Dunc

assistant coach liill Austin.

With 3:12 retttttinittg iii the game. it appeared that
the contest wottld never get that close. Datie forward
Mike (iatto was credited with a basket as a restilt of a
goaltcnding call which gave Albatiy a comfortable
l6—point lead, 56-40. At that poitit. it seeitied Albany
would coast to victory. But the Patriots would not
have any part of it. The Long Islanders stormed brick
with l2 unanswered points using pressure defense and

capitali/ing un Albany fouls.

“When they were putting the pressure on. we
couldn‘t hold onto the ball." said Sauers. “We had a

problem with discipline.

“Playing an hour late has to take the edge off tny
players (the start of the game was delayed becaitse the
afternoon wrestling matches ran over)."

Several times during the Patriots comeback drive.
the Danes had problems controlling the bail on the in—
bounds play. One time. guard Dave Adam was forced
to call a timeout before the alloted five seconds were to
expire and. on utiotlier occasion, Dave Dikrnan con-
verted an intercepted inbounds pass into a layup

basket.

"1 think the main thing was that there was no one in
the middle. All the big guys were around tlie sides of

the court." said Adam.

shots. Diknian. who topped the list of Stony Brook
scorers with l4 points. itiissed the first toss btrt hit the
second ctilting Albany’s lend to 58—55 with ll seconds.
remaining on the clock.

Patriot l’etc Axelson fouled Adam in desperation on
the next iriboirrids play. Tlie 5‘l I“ Schenectady native
went to the Iirie and hit his first shot to raise his game
scoring effort to l2 points. btrt missed his second. The

Danes were up by four points 59-55. A final bucket by
l’atriot Crreg Atigritnt proved to be academic.

Certainly. a trtidettiark of the Albany State (ircal
Danes is the ability to neutralize the opposition's big-
gest scoring threat. Just ask Tod Hart of lthaca, who
was stopped dead in his tracks against Albany iii a
game played earlier this season in Ithaca. Saturday
evening the Danes had another scoring force to con-
tend with. Keith Martin of Stony Brook entered
University Gym Saturday holding eight place among
NCAA Divisiorilll scoring leaders with an eye-opening
24.5 points-pcr-game average. But against the Danes.
the 6‘3" senior from Brooklyn was lirtiitcd to otin six
points in the first half and 12 for the game.

Meanwhile during that first half the Danes grabbed

the lead early and never let go. Martin had opened the

halftime lead.

scoring with a short jump shot and several minutes
later Gatto hit from 20 feet to equal the score.
Thomas’ successful frcethrow then put the Danes in
front to stay. Albany entered intermission with a 32-28

.ian Zadoorian opened up the second half with a
steal and a pass to John Dieckelman underneath the
hoop for an easy bucket. it was two of JD‘s game-
leading 14 points on the evening. Dieckelman is cur-

rently setting the pace among SUNYAC scorers with a

20.9 average in SUNYAC competition.
Angrum scored the first Stony Brook bucket of the

lialf at the l5:27 mark to make the score 38»30. But

The Patriots pulled within three points when Wilson

Senior Vic Herman leads grapplers to two wins

 

By Marc Sehwarz
4 OL'I/l I’E!) SPUR TS EDITOR

 

in four years as a wrestler for
Albany State. Vic Herman has
distinguished himself as the most
prolific wrestler in the school's
history. He holds the record for the
most wins in a season and the most
career victories.

it was appropriate that in his
final appearance in University

I -. ..

yr.

 

 
 

vtc Herman closed out his tour-year career by winning h
matches tn Uaneally Gym and giving Albany two victories In dual

Gym. the final two meets of his
career and the final two meets of
the season for the Danes should
come down to Herman's
heavyweight match.

As he has done so many times in
the past. Herman proved why he is
a captain and leader of the Albany
State wrestling team. He needed to
defeat Dave Newton by eight points
to give Albany a 20-l9 victory over
Coast Guard, in the first meet last
Saturday.

17>

Herman easily defeated Newton
8-0 to lift the Danes to a conic frotn
behind victory. their i2th of the
season.

in the final riiatcb of the day
against Central Connecticut, l-ler-
man needed to defeat Bob (‘affatiy
to secure the win for the Danes.
Herman closed out his Albany
career in style. pinning Caffany.
giving the Danes a 27-l8 victory to
close out the dual-meet season.

 

 

 

“Vic went out as the champion

ALAN CALEM UPS

Forward Mike Gatto scored 12 points In Albany's narrow 59-57 vic-

tory over Stony Brook Saturday.

he is." Head coach .loe DeMeo
said. "Herman sure came through
for us when we needed ltitii. i wish i
could clone him and bring him back
next year. We are really going to
miss him."

“it is the ultimate way to go out.
Everything just started to come
together for me.” Herman said
following the pin of Caffany. his
13th win of the season and number
63 in his illustrious career.
Saturday also witnessed the final

 

{it

  

_..t

      

 

9 _
ALAN CALEM UPS

to final two meets with Coast Guard and_Centra| Connottcut.

appearances in University Ctym of
seniors Rob Spagnoli and Spcro
Theofilatos. Spagnoli closed out a
fine senior campaign with two hard
fought victories. closing with a i0-4
season record. The 126-pounder
battled to a 75 win over Cltris Sin-
net of Coast Guard in his first
match of the day and itaridily
defeated Central Connecticut‘s
John Sclileppi in the finale. ll.l

That was the way I wanted to end
my senior year." Spagnoli said.
“l'vc had it lot of good matches and
it's been a lot of full. in that last
one (against Sclileppi) i got ahead
front the start and just crushed
him."

Tlteofilatos was the only senior to
close otit his year on a disappoin»
ting note. The former All-American
has becti injured a good part of the
season and was forced to wrestle iti
weight classes higher than his usual
l34 pounds. Sitting out the match
with Coast Guard. Tlteofilatos lost
a hcartbrcrtkcr to Blue Devil .lim
Canipanello. 6-5. Tlteofilatos was
leading iii tltc match 5—4 when he
was reverse with 2! seconds left iii
the match.

DcMeo was ltappy with the
team‘s performance iii the two
meets. Specifically he was pleased
with the way the tertrti bctil (‘entral
Connecticut. “They are a good
team. and we beat them pretty
good. That is the kind of meet 1 like
to see its win. we wrestled great."
DeMco - - '

Albany jumped out quickly
against the Blue Devils. Dave

7>

 

 

 

VOLUME LXX

ALBA Y
STUDENT
PRESS

February 11 , 1983

 

NUMBER 5

 

 

Differential tuition proposed tooffset budget

calling for $250 increase

 

By Tim Shell

\Ivl ll l'RthA MRI lt'I'

 

Among the altcrtiativcs being explored to prevctit the
substantial faculty cuts suggested in (iov. Mario (‘uomo's
Phil-X4 budget is a rccotumcttdatiori to charge students at
SUNY university ccnters higher tttitioit than students at
other State U iicrsity institutions.

At SUNY—liinghamton. “with a national rcptrtation as
art institution of hiin quality." l’rcsidctit ('lil't‘ord (link
has been calling for a $250 increase user the $250 hike sug-
tlL'\lt.'tl in the bridget proposal. He claims tliat the increased
tttitiori. altiiost 5t) percent higher than present tuition. could
be channelled back to the uniicrsity centers to maintain
quality by retaining lactrlty.

At present. all urii\crsity centers. fortr-__\cat arts and
science colleges and agricultural and technical colleges pa)
the same tuition-«$1.050 annually—anon doc to rise to
H.100 trridcr the ('uonio budget. With the ( latk diflctcn-
tirtl tnitiott proposal. tttii\crsity students would pay H.551).
and college students paying 31.301).

According to SiiNY-liinghatnton‘s Vice President of
Atlriiirtistiation Arthur Smith. “Wcare not eager to see dit-
lctcntiril tuition. although it is a common aspect of itiaiiy
systems of higher education." lie added that it is one of
several options licirig considered in order to “shield the
four tiniicrsity centers frotti the damage and irreparable
harm that the implementation of the proposed bridch
would cause." l-‘urtlicr. Smith said that tlic “objectiie of
this proposal would be to stave off these faculty cuts“ and
to saw the qttality of ctltrcatiott at the uni\er sitics. lie cont-
pared the cuts rind pltrtiried proposal to “a lifeboat situa-
tion where someone has to be overthrown" iti order to
maintain the qttality of the wltolc system.

Smith said that. while reluctant to see the differential tui-
tiort. it is true that "education at the Utivicrsity centers
costs more" than at SUNY's liberal arts colleges. as the
cdttcatioti received is “richer and itiorc diverse. The costs
of ttrition should reflect that difference." in addition. if
tuition was raised equally across the board. “the Uniiersity
centers would do alright. btit etirollriictit at the collcgcs
would suffer." with more stirdctits opting to attend the less
costly two year conirtittriity colleges.

l’hil Johnson. Director of Conittittnity Relations for
SUNY. said that differential tttitiori is only one option be-
ing discussed tit this point to combat the butlch cuts and
that “if it cotiics dowti to a choice between rcdttcirig quality
and raising university tuition. then this option will be cori-
sidcred“ to lesseti the impact of thc ctits. .lolinson stressed
that this is “only one of a variety of possibilities aitiicd at
mitigating the governor‘s proposed birdch and ttiakitig the
consequences less severe."

Such varying cost levels. accortlitig to SASU lloard of
Directors member liric Wilson. would establish thc univer—
sity centers as the “ivy League of SUNY." With admis—
sions rcqttlrctttcttts already higher at the centers pltts a
higher tuition rate, the void between the centers and the
colleges in territs of access and qtrality would widcn since
the cctitcrs would not lose faculty where the colleges will.

Wilson said.

 

 

 

 

 

AMY COHEN UPS

SA President Mike Corso
"A (Ionian/iv against the resolution. "

  

r .jkw-t 1...». m v.2 ox. 144m

.,.-.y .a. a. s. is16.1.AIMA<JIL9=EJ.L.l:_i1l.:ul’a‘vl{=.§ior :s.v.mu=u.m.moat»:1...wzzu m

‘ ti
, it ‘itt  
iiliiil’itrrb 
, 5 . rrlrtlrtt
"I  II II [In in; III at rrr m m iii
 . “It!!!tltttttttttnmrnriim

~:.J ’
Rt'tAt)
‘tmsrmrc ltON

SUNHYVCentraI Administration Building

Stilt/wits uI rt/rr'vclziiiv L't’H/t'l‘\ wort/r] [my llltli't‘ Illtlllrrlltl‘ltl

Senate committee tables $300,-hike...

By Debbie l’rofctu
HUI! I III \I It s I Itlittk

l‘or tits. SUNY has been providing a cit-tip. high»
quality education. Now students may ltave to decide
which of the two is triorc important.

During a Unitcrsity Senate [Education (‘onncil rticctirig
Wednesday. a tttitioti hike as high as $300 was proposed
iti ati effort to preserve faculty positions clirtiiriatcd by
Gov. Mario (‘uomo‘s budget. This would be ill addition
to (‘uomo's proposed $425 tuition hike increase

Altliotrgli the council \otcd to send tlic proposal back
to its sponsor for further revisions. members have reacted
toward the proportl witli Ilil\t.‘tl emotions,

l’rcsidcnt Viriccnt ()‘l.cary said “l‘m looking at ttti—
tion. In lookitig at tuition to save this place i wisli we
didn't have to do this: i wisli someone would gitc its the

 

 

money."

During his report to the Council. ()‘l cary explained.
today's budget before tiic Legislature funds 2.077 posi-
tions (at Albany). “'l'ltc goiernor has given SUNY at
number of 2.l‘)‘)"l'aciiity lines to be cut. Albany‘s share
of this is too positions hc said. 1an he addctl that this was
just an estimate.

()‘l.eary added that tltc triiiicrsity currently has [36
vacancies. Combine this rittttibcr with the tetitative l(i(i
positions to be cut and ()‘l.cary said “if everything stays
the satire we‘ll be down .102 positions.

The cuts translate to a “l3.7 percent reduction." he
figured. More specifically. this boils down to a loss of lot)
faculty members.

Education Council Chair William llariittiorid is spon-
soring the resolution in draft stages. llc "urges the Presi-
dent to tnkc whatever measures are ricccssaty to institute
at this campus an increase in tuition earmarked for tire use
of this campus of such magnitude as may be necessary to
maintain quality."

According tti llamtttond it has not bccti dctct‘ttiincd
wlicthcr to institute the incrcztsc as .t tttitrott hike. which is
cti\ct‘cd by financial assistance. or as a icc. incligiblc for
assistance.

()‘l cary said. “this is .t tlillicttlt political position."
and more will unfold each day, |ltit.sttid (t'lcat'y. he will
do what has to be done. “l‘m going to sate this place."

“the ciioicc." stressed llammorid, “is either the loo
staff members. or raise additional revenue tlirongli tui»
tion.“ lle cmpliasi/cd tltc qucsiton of what this campus
cart do for itself without otitsidc help.

According to Hammond. the average academic level is
up from previous years. it's iii the interest of students to
go along with this proposal. he claimed. The issue is “pay
more and keep what you have now or pay less and get far
less" for the money.

Hammond urged the L‘Ol'limtlli't.‘ to consider what the

  

 

 
   

 

university would be like without the cuts. "Reduced
number of programs. rcdnccd number of tiiajors and
minors. t'ewcr courses. more closed courses. disillirsiotied
teachers. reduced library services and reduced btts ser-
vices." He stressed that students must be willing to spend
a little riiore riioncy in order to maintain their education.

SA President Mike (‘orso refuted Ilic "differential ttii—
Iion." saying “I speak adamantly against the resolution."
With differential tuition. said Corso. “we'll pay more
moch (at University ccnlcrs) than other schools.“

(‘ors'o stressed “integrin of programs of this place are a
major concerri to students; it‘s their education." lie also
c\plained that if the proposal is imposed as a fee. fees are
not covered by assistanrcc programs and are "very
detrimental" to students. "Once we have one fee. we're
swamped with fees."

However. ('orso tioted if the porposal was a tuition
hike. “we're talking of a (it) pctccrit (including Cttomo's)
tuition bike."

The cuts translate to a 13.7
percent reduction, O’Leary
figured. This boils down to
a loss of 100 faculty
members.

 

“SUNY.” maintained torso. “deities no LlL'w'fllllllli
tion." He said students should crttcr the school tltt‘ti :glt
academic and not financial status. sttggcslittr' the increase
would ttrtti away qualified students unablt to tritet the
financial burdens.

"this resolution. is a gnc-ttp." form said. He accus-
ed the cotnrtiittcc of altcrtipting to sell the proposal to tire
students because it's their education. and urged the coun-
cil members. “the way is not to pass the buck otito yottt
own. he continued. and proposed that the council review
Iltc alternatives aitd ramifications.

Hammond countered that “the purpose of thc rcsoln»
tioti is to tell the president which direction we 'ant him to
go. without licmniirtg him in."

According to Student Senator Michael Hagcrty. the
proposal will probably be presented again at lite Council's
next meeting iri approximately one month. where it will be
discussed father and voted on. it]

V’~;~ Metaﬂ'iw: sis-s

 

mimnﬁmsmrmuuiynmmx - .

     
   

       
 

 

