{wwmm

«v» .  nﬂa.,_. A _ f.

“o... -.~.V_ ..

Devan-“ .~... ‘

. . Kb. .-...._,

 

  
 
   

n—am‘de- .._ w..--

By MARK WILGARD
Sports Writer

The competition will be Intense in the
Eastern Division of the SUNYAC for the up-
coming 1983-84 campaign. Albany, Platt-
sburgh, Oneonta, Potsdam, and Binghamton
will battle each other for the top spot In the
first~ever women's basketball SUNYAC Con-
ference.

Albany Head Coach Marl Warner will at-
tempt to lead her young team to another
dazzling season. Last year, the Danes open-
ed the eyes of many with an impressive 14-6
record.

Oneonta and Plattsburgh appear to be
stronger than last year, as they have many
top-notch players returning. Potdam and
Binghamton will also provide keen competi-
tion.

The general feeling of the SUNYAC
coaches is that the conference will feature
tight, close play and plenty of exciting action.
Indeed, anything is possible for the inaugural
season of the women‘s SUNYAC Con-
ference.

Here are capsule summaries of the teams
in the Eastern Division of the SUNYAC:

PLATTSBURGH

.The Cardinals, off of a very impressive
14-7 season, appear to be the class of the
division. They have only one freshman on
the squad, plus all of last year’s front-line
players are returning.

Key Returning Lettermen: The two highest
scorers on the team last season are back.
Anne Slattery and Maureen McLendon (15
and 12 points a game average, respectively)
lead the Cardinals. Sheila Higgins, Cathy
Clark, Kathy Hanlin, and Tracy Burris help
Plattsburgh form a very solid team.

Key Losses: None. As a matter of fact, the
Cardinals bolstered up the areas they were
weak in last year.

Strengths: "We’re fast, and we have good
bench strength," remarked Head Coach
Phoebe Strum upon assessing her team. "We
have only one freshman; the other players
are either transfers or have had prior ex~
perience playing basketball."

Weaknesses: Coach Strum feels that re-
bounding might be a problem due to a lack
of height. But she says, "If we execute the
fundamentals, this won't be a problem."

Expectations: The Cardinals are abetter
group talent‘wise than last year's team, but
Strum notes, "It's too early to tell how the
team will do. You have to wait to see how
the team will do. You have to wait to see
how they. iell on the floor. Potential doesn't
mean anything until you go out and
execute." The Cardinals should be able to
better their 14-7 re urd of last season.

Versus Albany: Plattsburgh beat the Danes
by two points last year, and Strum anticipates

  

 

 

 

 

10 sports November ALBANYSTUDENTPRESS ti NOVEMBER i5, i983

Plattsburgh talented in

 

Nov. 19, Saturday
Nov. 22, Tuesday
Nov. 29, Tuesday
Dec. 1, Thursday
Dec. 3, Saturday
Dec. 4, Sunday 1
Dec. 6, Tuesday
Dec. 9, Friday
Dec. 10, Saturday
Dec. 13‘, Tuesday
Jan. 19, Thursday
Jan. 21, Saturday
Jan. 22, Sunday
Jan. 25, Wednesday
Jan. 28, Saturday
Jan. 29, Sunday
Feb. 1, Wednesday
Feb. 4, Saturday
Feb. 9, Thursday
Feb. 11, Saturday
Feb. 14, Tuesday
Feb. 17, Friday
Feb. 18, Saturday
Feb. 21, Tuesday
Feb. 24, Friday
Feb. 25, Saturday

(Home games are listed iii bold)

 

Great Dane Schedule

Manhattanville Tournament
Manhattanville Tournament

St. Michaels, Vassar, Castleton

Capital District Tournament
' Capital District Tournament

St. Rose
RPI
Oneonta
- Oswego

New Paltz

Clarkson

Potsdam

Russell Sage

Union

Skidmore

Dominican at St. Rose
RPl

Albany Tournament:

Binghamton
Plattsburgh
Hamilton
Utica Tech
Hartwick

SUNYAC-East
SUNYAC-NYSAIAW
Championships

 

 

another good game. “it’s always a good
game when we play them," she remarked.
"We’re sort of natural rivals.“

Prediction: First.

ALBANY

Coach Warner is "cautiously encourag-
ed“ about the upcoming season. She notes,
"We have l3 players, and they all will con-
tribute. We have a close team with good at-
titudes and they have a lot of respect for each
other." The Danes are an extremely young
team, as only one player is a senior, forward
Peg Squazzo. Albany \ " definitely be in the
thick of things throughout the season.

Key Returning Lettermen: With nine
players back from last year’s team, the Danes
will have the experience needed to win.
Sophomore point guard Wilhelmena Lesane
leads the Albany attack. Lesane has now
developed art outside shot to go with her
outstanding ability to drive to the hoop.
Debra Logan and Meme Cappelletti also
return to help out in the back court.

Key Losses: The Danes lost four starters'
but Warner is not worried. “The new players
are coming along well,“ she said. "()ur good

 

slack."
Strengths: Albany's running game will be
the focal point of their offense. Because of

the tremendous depth of the squad, they can

play a run and shoot type of game. The
Danes also have three big women: Nancy
Grasso at 5’i l", Kim Kosalek and lean
Pollock at 5’10". Warner hopes to keep two
of them in the game most of the time to have
extra rebounding strength in the lineup.

Weaknesses: Rebounding might be a pro-
blem even with the big three women in the
starting five. Most of the other teams in the
SUNYAC have six-footers on their rosters,
giving them a decisive advantage over the
Dane women.

Expectations: Warner says she is en-
thusiastic about the season, and points out
that "We can't take any team lightly. We
have to take things step by step, and one
game at a time. i don't know what our
record will be, but it will be a good year."

Prediction: Second.

ONEONTA
Head Coach Barb Blodgett is optimistic
her team will improve upon last season’s

experience from last year will take up the i2-() regular season record. With the starting |nformation Unavailable

East

ﬁve all returning, the Red Dragons pose a
serious threat to the SUNYAC East title.

Key Returning Lettermen: Senior co-
captain Karen Haag returns, along with two
other key starters, forward Carol Condolfl
and center Lori Chamberlain. Haag set the
school record for aSsists last season, while
Condolff and Chamberlain led the Red
Dragons in team scoring. The key nucleus is
returning.

Key losses: None.

Strengths: Oneonta possesses depth and
height, with several strong people at each
position.

Weaknesses: Blodgett feels it will be some
time before the new players get poised and
ready to play. She notes that "The transition
from high school to college Is a difficult
one."

Expectations: The Red Dragons made the
New York State Division III Tournament last
year, but lost to Hartwick and Oswego. They
also bowed out early in the ECAC. But Coach
Blodgett notes “That was the first time we
had our foot in the door; this year we hope to
go a little further. The competition will be
much keener with the SUNYAC
tournament."

Versus Albany: The Danes haven’t met the
Red Dragons in seven years. but a fine
match-up should be anticipated when the
two teams square off on November 29.

Prediction: Third.

POTSDAM

The Bears will be hard-pressed to finish at
.500 this year with the loss of four starters.
Head Coach Jan Reetz faces a rebuilding
year with her relatively inexperienced team.

Key Returning Lettermen: Shelly Davison
and Phyllis Fleishman will have to lead the
Bears this year. Missy Serrao. Tracy Fuber,
and Peggie Chmura will be the other three
starters for Potsdam.

Key Losses: Four starters are gone, and this
will hamper the team in such key areas as re-
‘bounding and bench strength.

Strengths and Weaknesses: The Bears are
more or less a homogeneous group, and rely
on quickness and aggressiVeness. They don’t
possess a single standout and don’t have
much in the way of size.

Expectations: Last year, Potsdam was
i 1-9, but this season Coach Rcetr is shooting
for a .500 campaign. Reutz really doesn't
know how this ’83-’84 season will turn out
because the Bears have never played most of
the SUNYAC competitors before.

Versus Albany: The Danes topped the
Bears ()1 -56 last year with a game-ending ral—

ly. Reetz is looking forward to another tight
game.

Prediction: Fourth.

BINGHAMTON;

 

  

 

 

 

i
t

   

 

 

 
  
 
 
 
   

y DEAN CHANG

‘ itorial Assistant

Most successful teams have one player that could be call-
. a catalyst; if that person does well, then so does the
am. Albany State’s women's varsity basketball team has
uch a player: point guard Wllhelmena Lesane.

Lesane will play an integral part in Head Coach Marl

arner’s offensive plans this year. last year, the players

ould take their time and look for the best shot. Warner
as changed the offense to better suit the sophomore
uard. llWe didn't have the quickness to run last year,"
aid Warner. "Now we're more of a fast-break type of
earn; this year's team is ready to run."

Fast Isn’t an appropriate term to describe Lesane. Greas-
d lightninglis more like It. Chris Pritchard, the Head

each of RPi's women’s basketball team, called Lesane
"ultra-quick.” “She can cause nightmares for opponents,"
noted Pritchard. “Her quickness results in opposing
players getting into foul trouble. She really causes a lot of
frustration out there.”

Lesane, who prefers to be called Rainny, wasn’t even
recruited by Warner. She played her high school ball at
Morris HS. in the Bronx, but really developed her fast-
break skills at the famed Bronx playgrounds. “The com-
petition is much tougher at the playgrounds than in col-
lege," said Lesane. "First of all, you’re playing with guys so
you have to prove that you belong out there. if you don't
play well, then you don’t play at all. It’s also much more
physical; the guys aren't afraid of giving you an elbow or
two.”

Playing at the playgrounds gives Lesane the freedom to
try things that she normally woudn’t do in college. "You
don‘t have to worry about making a mistake,” said Lesane.
"i might make more moves or take some crazy shots. One
thing that Coach (Warner) told me not to do was to take
the ball to the hoop in a one-on-two situation. At a
playground, i would definitely go for it.”

Last year, Lesane was reluctant to take the outside shot.

‘As a result, the offensive part of her game was basically

one-dimensional. Go to the hoop, get fouled and try for the
three-point play. Things should be different this year.

"Rainnydeveloped versatility this year," srtitharner.

"She's come up with a nice jump shot to go along with her
drives to the basket."

Her numbers last year are impressive, especially for a
player who didn‘t becaome a starter until the latter part of
the season. Lesane averaged 10.5 points and three steals
per game; both figures can be improved upon, but are
more than adequate. She also averaged less than three
assists per game and converted only 50 percent of her free
throws. Those figures are not what you expect from a star-
ting point guard.

"i really want to improve my free throw percentage.
said Lesane. "Since the other teams know that l'm a little

 

 

 

NOVEMBER 15, 1983 c: ALBANYSTUDENTPRESS Sports Noyember 11

esane sets flow for cagers ‘

 

 

 

'weak at that, they'll be fouling me near the end of the
game. But I have definitely improved at the line this year."
Lesane also said that the assists would come with the new
offense.

The biggest difference that Warner could see about
Lesane was that she gained confidence. "I always knew
that she could do things," said Warner, "but she wasn't
'self-confident. Rainny has seemed to mature over thei
summer. llur confidence is showing when she’son the
too”; she does things without hesitation."

Most people would think that at 5‘2” Lesane would have
an extreme disadvantage against some of the taller guards
that she faces. Not on your life. Being the shortest person
on the team is seen as an advantage by Lesane. "i like guar-
ding tall guards because it’s easier to steal the ball from
them," said Lesane. "Being small makes me very hard to
defend against. I think I can break a zone because my drib-
ble is hard to get to."

Lesane didn't relish the startin osition last ear. "It felt

-; -.  tru- “ i" .7 1:"

 

 

 

lgood coming offthe bench," said ‘Lesane. "When I found
out that l was golngto start against Clarkson (her ﬁrst start),
I got really scared. At first, the responsibilities of being a
starter were too much. But now, I‘m happy that I'm being
depended on. It’s a good feeling to have control of a

game."

Controlling a game is something that Lesane does well.
During last vear’s Capital District tournament, Albany fac-
od Rl’l. Said Assistant Coach Patti Becker:"When Rainny
came in the game, we just took off. She makes things go
out there." RPI Coach Pritchard paid Lesane a great com-
pliment by saying, “when she plays a controlled ballgame,
there's no one in the Capital District who can play with
her.“

Lesane is looking forward to this season; there are a few
things that she's shooting for. "i want to play harder and
put more into the game," said Lesane. "I also want to help
the team to improve upon last year‘s t4-6 record. We just
have to play like a team." Cl

.

. r-smtmilsrremm

“WWMM: ‘.

 

 

 

 

kLL

 

 

L-  m...“ ..,_..-.... .. .,.~_.._.,,___-.____,._...

» .. .....2....~.......,..._ a.»a.........a.......is... “among. awash-Ms... 4

on: .

 

a. Jan-43.3.2...  ., . ma .rrtma. . v. m.

   

 

 

 

