 

r
i.
a

 

 

 

 
 

.» .-. .c M“, _

 

QED

 

ITORI

A L j

 

 

Smell the flowers

“Party-in the Park" became a reality and a success

this past Sunday. and no student uprising occurred.
lndeedthe City of Albany will still have its annual tulip
p a g e a n t .

City ofﬁcials knew that OCA and SA ltad been in the
process of putting this party together since the beginning of
February. Not until the last minute did the city attempt to
deny SUNYA students of their constitutional rights. The
driving force behlrtd this attempt will most likely be
Albany's next mayor. The question is why wottld a politi-
cian attempt to alienate a visible. viable bloc of his voting
constituency?

Both Rich Schaffer and Mark Misltier should be com-
mended for not acceding to the intimidation tactics used by
city ofﬁcials. They knew what was tight and they fought
for it. SA and OCA Were trying to improve relations bet-
ween students and the community by having an event in
which both groups could interact and have a good time.
From their actions it seems that city ofﬁcials would like to

T he tulips are still growing in Washington Park. The

keep students and the community separate. They want the
status quo maintained ——- a type of restriction which
prevents progress.

SA handled the dispute in a mature and professional
manner — a fact the city overlooked. it took a U.S. District
court to assure that the event would go ahead as scheduled.

it seemed the city believed that it would have a bunch of
rowdy, drunken students on its hands. who would in-
discriminantly leave piles of garbage in their wake. it seems
strange that city ofﬁcials felt that way since these problems
have never been encountered in ,past years. The city also
feared that townspeople would not feel welcome in tireir
own park. What the city got, however. was an organized
and spirited party. A party, according to Schaffcr, witcre
over one-third of the 900 who attended were local Albany
citizens. _

The city's attempts to cancel the party raised some ques-
tions about ofﬁcials' attitude toward students. This is the
same town which allowed the Republic of Sottth Africa
Springboks rugby team to play in Bieecker Stadium back in

September of l98l. Coming from an apartheid nation the
team incited anger, protest. and uprisc wherever it travcicd
While other towns shut their doors on this national squad.
Albany Mayor Erastus Corning li insisted tltat they b..-
welcome. How does a harmless party in the park cotllparc
with a visit by representatives of a racist nation? Not very
well. '

Another insult to the students was the city's disregard for
them as constituents. Students of SUNYA are voting
members of the Albany community. We actively participate
in community affairs and make a substantial contribution
to its economy. Our desires should be recogtti/ed on an
equal basis with those of otrr neighbors.

Court roonts and spring time parties do rtot mix. It
seems ashante that the students of Albany State lnrd to go
to court to ltavc a peaceful celebration which was designed
not only to benefit ourselves but other comnntnity tllclllhcrs
as well. City ofﬁcials involved showed themselves to he
paranoid. However. a Well behaved crowd proved rltat llreir
fears were not based in reality.

We hope in the futtrre that more trust is accorded to tile
students. That is imperative if the university and cotrtrnurri-
ty are to ever come closer together.

 

C

 

o L u

M

N

 

 

ruths about the arms r

:osl of Reagan's war talk is easy to expose. His

satellite photos of “a new airport itt Grenada for in-

tercontinental bombers to larrd on" —- a scare tactic
if ever there was one — was handin ridictrlcd the next day
in Newsday. with pictures that their owrt reporters had
taken standing on the supposedly "secret" runway itself.
Far from being tltc secrete project Reagan lied abotrt. the
Genadans were proud of the work they were doing. Tltcy
even posed proudly for photographs. next to a sign that
said forthrightly: “Soon to be a new international
Airport". They pointed out that a rnrrnbcr of US corporz
tions had been contracted to build it.

Mitchel Cohen

Yet. it seems that if a lie is repeated enough times, at least
some of it rubs off on peoples" rrrinds. This is the situation
with the lie about Russian "interference" in Latin and Cen-
tral America, which is used as a pretext for the very real
(and very dcadiy) US military and economic aid to the
right-wing butchers running El Salvador today, and to the
factst Nicaraguan ex-patriatc members of the hated Na~
tronal Guard. loyal to the dead dictator. Somora. in a re-
cent ‘cxposc, UPi issued photos of soldiers in Honduras
opcntng crates of US weapons that, by law, were not allow-
ed to be sent tltere, which are being trscd in the current
assault against the popular Sandinista government of
Nicaragua.

 

 

it is a tribute to the democratic aspirations of the
American people that our government feels it has to lie to
us tn order to protect corporate interests abroad. But it is a
sad commentary on our historical acuity that we allow even
a small portion of the lie to sink in. The “Red Menace" is
perhaps one of the longest sustained lies in American
history — and this is coming from a Marxist activist who
wrshes it were true! — and is used to whip up patriotic fer-
vor in defense of corporate profits sold to us as “the na-
tional interest".
Since so much of the distortion about Central America is
a carryover of how we view the arms race and the “evil”
Russians. what follows is a debrrnking of our government’s
arguments. as presented by Ronnie himself in his recent
speech:
l) Reagan claimed that the Soviets have made rapid ad-
vances in their military capability over the past several
years. while the US has stood idly by, and that this has pro-
duced a “window of vulnerability" for the US. This is
simply not true. The US has substantially upgraded each
leg of the nuclear triad over the past decade, including in»
staliation of highly accurate Mark i2A warheads on its
Minute Man iii missiles, installation of Trident l missiles
on existing submarines. the launching of a new Trident sub-
marine (with several more under construction). and moder-
nization of the B-52 bomber force. For Reagan to hi-lite
Soviet military advances without also talking about those
of the US is to intentionally distort the picture. As the chart
shows, every single Soviet development of nuclear weapons
has been in response to prior unilateral upgrading done by
the US. According to the US government's own statistics,
US and NATO countries out-spent the Soviet Union and
Warsaw Pact countries on the military during the 1970's by
at least $100 billion.

2) Reagan's claim that the Soviet Union has l300
warheads on intermediate range nuclear missiles while the
US has none denies the existence of the NATO nuclear
deterrent. Of the nuclear weapons the US and it allies have
at sea and on land for war in Europe, over 2,000 are
capable of striking targets inside the Soviet Union. if the
Pershing ii and cruise missiles are deployed in Europe, they

 

will provide a ﬁrst-strike capability the Soviets can't
duplicate -— unlcss they move to install missiles in Central
America! This is the basis of the Soviet proposal. which
says: instead of Reagan's bogus zero-option. Ict's tnakc
iZuropc completely free of nukcsi The Soviet Union wartts
ull missiles, including those of France and England, includ-
ed iii any negotiated withdrawals. The US's proposal is for
tire Soviet Union to remove all its SS-ZO’s irt exchange for
not deploying tltc Pershing ll's arid crtrlsc missiles, which
pointed at a Soviet Union now bereft of defense. The US
refuses to inclttdc its‘ NATO allies in the rnissrlc cotrttt. (If
the French Communist Party cver won the rrtajority in
Parliament. watch how fast France would tltcrt be included
by the US in the missile count —- on the Soviet side.)

3) Reagan‘s claim that the USSR is tlrrcaterting the US in
Central Arrrerica is completely false. Tltc military cortllict in
El Salvador is the result of popular rebellion against an op-
prcssive military dictatorship propped up by the US. not
the‘Sovict Union. As Dave Dellingcr put it. “if the Soviet
Unron flew over Bangor. Maine and dropped sortie
rrtaclurte guns, would that make the people there rise up in
revolution?" Unfortunately. no. Massive oppression is
causing people to revolt in El Salvador, not the existence of
weapons.

Yet, even defen Eve weapons from Russia hardly exist in
El Salvador. Virtually all of the arms used by the guerrillas.
as shown many times in the straight press, are obtained on
the black market. in Europe, and by winning them in bat-
tle. Contrast that to the arms received by the right-wing Na-
tronal Guardsmen, who are raiding Nicaragua from across
the Honduran border. who are trained in camps in Florida
and irt the Carolinas, who have US military advisers co-
ordinating their actions, and you get a clearer picture about
who is supplying whom with what. To try to portray events
tn Central America as a battle between the superpowers not
I—

 

      
 

' I O
r'sﬁ'r’o’ ’0’@ o o c .
Q
9‘» 0.. 3“”;‘vl’jo‘o‘ﬁﬁéc
o, a... . §’//. notes...

0 a Q r 9.0.5... .
e‘s?¢: in'é’p’g-Z
‘29:»; O 9 ‘Q

    

 

 

 

 

     

         
  
  
  
   
 
   
   
  

‘SAY. l N'T Tilltii' 'illE OLD 50C. SAFTY Neil ?

c.....w................ ........
"4”, ._...,.........-~

ace

only is false and misses tltc wltolc point, bttt itt so tlntttv. it
leads to irtcorrcct strategies for fighting ilttallllul [its in-
tcrvcutiott there.

A grotrp witltin the CM itself last year tcit-nwti an L'\~
trctncly well-documented white paper, dctailitty tln- v\|cltl
of US involvement and refuting. point ‘Ity pntnt. the
government's ciairrts about Soviet involvetrtertt, Stnrct atr-
craft. for instance, those “new and illsltlltltrs neapnrn"
bailylrooed by Reagan in ltis spccclt. ltave been in t trlta lot
more titan 20 years. hardly new. hardly ol'l’cnsiw. hardly
weapons. Tltc trrilitary systems revealed by Rcttgurt ttortt llts
ridiculous satellite pltotos —— supposedly startitrnt tctcla-
tions against Nicaragua designed to get us to shudder Ill out
boots and rationalize Reagan's illegal arms Slllpltlt‘ttt» ltr the
fascists are solely defcrtsivc in nature and pose no flush” to
neighboring courttrics whatsoever. Compare t|r.tt. .tcrttrt,
with the equipment received by the blood-tirirstv )llllid itt |'|
Salvador from the US. V

4) The President's claim that the lir'ccrc is llll\t‘l||l.ll|lt'
has been rcfulcd by many experts. A total freeze on the
testirtg, production and deployment of nuclear uranium
and their associated delivery systems would he t‘rl\lt‘l' to
verify than traditional arms control agreements ot .t more
limited rtaturc, since almost any activity could be moaned
to be an abrogation of the treaty.

in spite of all the evidence. tltc reluctance oi tn.ttt.\
organizers to place the burden on the US ~— which would
necessarily entail investigating why the US is doing what it's
dotng, arid thus. what capitalism is all about-hinders the
development of a successful anti-war tnovcnn-nt. and
allows for liberals to keep the issues of El Salvador and the
Freeze separate. it prevents us front doing “it-rt \tt'
desperately need to do. if we are to get the US rrtrl or the
war business, attd begin the development of a nets. for
society here at horrtc.

 
  

.. or A

 

 

 

 

 

L E

 

T T E

R S

Community reactions to racism

heg“Paul Kruger" letter of April 26 criticizing

Japhet Zwana for championing the cause of the 25

million oppressed Blacks in South Africa and
Kruger's advocacy and support for racist South Africa as
spelt out by the government of the 4V: million whites can-
not be left unanswered by me. a black South African who
ltas lived for 35 years under apartheid. The fallacy and
misinformation by this “Sir Galahad" and this “Mr.
Bunkum" adds insult to injury to all blacks here and at
home as he terms Zwana's ideas “typifies the negro at-
titude." l‘ll now show his ideas to typify racist, savage and
moronic mentality which is thc stock-in-trade of white
South Africa.

First. about his fitting nom-dc plume name. Paul Kruger.
As a graduate major in British History of South Africa. 1
kttow everything worth knowing about Paul Kruger. When
Kruger was President of the Transvaal Republic in South
Africa in l899 and visited Queen Victoria of England. he
caught a cold. When he was lrrvitcd to dinner by the Queen.
ire did not even take off his heavy dirty tnilitary coat while
dining. To compound his crude and animal beltavior he
coughed, without using a handkerchief and spat on the
floor several times. When a bowl was placed beside him for
his relief, he said “take away this thing for l‘ll spit on it"
and continued to spit on the floor until the crrrbarrrssed
guests and the Qtrecn all left him alortc. lie was the founder
of the present Afrikancr thought irt South Afri ‘a arnl 99.9
pcrcertt of the Afrikanncrs of South Africa are still like
that. Shame on your compass to still have walking altd liv-
ittg rcrrntuttts of the Rutgers in 1983! Your correspottdcnt,
“ ’tnrl Kruger" is decidedly a South African wiritc racist
and his reply does not surprise Inc. He sp 'uks of the Soviet
Union and writes “American support for the sole civilircd
rtttli-connnurtist government in the region is the cornerstone
to cltcckirtg Soviet aggression."

The foreign :Iggrcssors itt Sotrtlr Africa are lltc 539
multinational American companies who earn billions of
dollars through the blood, sw ‘nl atnl tears of African cheap
labor, some of wlrorrt earn .15 cents art llt)llr. 'l‘hcsc corn-
pttnics pay millions of dollars irt taxes to the South African
govcrnrncnt which daily sluughtcrs African people
whenever they protest peacefully. 'i‘hc savagcs are fire
government of Sotttlt Africa and tltosc who aid and abet
Ihcnt. Tltc Soviet Union does not invest a ccrtt irt South
Afri ~a. "Kruger" again speaks of defending “seven
strategic minerals of South Africa" and of the West to
“control the southern lndirm Ocean and South Atlantic"
sous to have ready access to the ricltcs of South Africa. We
are very muclt aware of the greed of both the Soviet and the
West for the Wealth of strategic Sotrtlt Africa. Let these
grccdy war mongers, U.S. and Soviet Uniotr figltt otrt their
greed in their own lands. We are completely capable of tak-
ing care of the wiritc thieves. robbers artd murderers who
are white racist South African. South Africa is OUR
LAND and we are going to repossess it by whatever means
possible. We are positively neutral to both East and West.
We are African nationalists artd are positively pro-Africa
and pro “Negro.” Let the scum of the earth as represented
by racist Sontlt Africa and the Patti Krugcrs be known for
what they are. All the 157 United Nations countries, in-
cluding the U.S. and israel. have branded South Africa's
apartheid as “a crime against lnunanity." .lttsl by
mathematical and political assessment you ltavc a criminal
walking SUNYA campus in the name of Paul Kruger.

What are these crimes by the government of South
Africa? Briefly;

1) racism in South Africa is dejure i.e. legalized. The
l9l0 Constitution of that country which is the cornerstone
of apartheid states “There shall be no equality between
black and white. in church and in state."

2) in South Africa. one is eitltcr hanged or sentenced to
life imprisonment for demanding equality between men.

3) a black man is jailed for up to a year for more kissing a
white woman and lie is either sentenced to a minimum of
five (5) years or ltanged for engaging in sexual intercourse
with a white woman.

4) three (3) weeks ago l6 Africans were killed in one mine
where safety conditions were minimal for human work;
when five (5) surviving African men refused to walk down
the mine to their death the following day, they were ar-
rested and jailed. This is both forced and slave labor. What
sane and civilized human being cart support this savagery.
banditry and brutal animal behaviour? Paul Kruger docs.
Those wltorn the gods would destroy, tltcy first make madl

Kruger says “economically, black Africa owes everything
but it ltas to Europe and Europeans." What a myopic
.cnsc of ltistoryi Europeans grabbed. raped and stole
whatever part of Africa they once controlled. As thieves
they were and still are in South Africa. ‘ cwltcrc they were
not asked to leave, lntl wcrc chased artd forced ottt of
Africa by the forces of African Revolution. Kruger spcakes
:rf ottr standard of living in South Africa as “far higher
hart artywltcrc clse irr Afri 'a." Rtrbbisltl Who wants to live
as a comfortable slttvc'.’ We want otrr land ~ period. We
want self dctcrmitnttion. We do llt)i need savages like
Krtrgcr to assess tltc value of ottr standards of livirtg. What
is ltc, irt any case? He is probably ortc descendant of the
scum and bandits frorn liuropc whom Africa fed and
sheltered from the ghcttos and slums of linropc. i.cl hint
tell his story to the Marines!

 

—Bojnna .lordarr
President. AIrrericrrn-Sorrllt African Peoples" friends/rip
Association

Icphtrntts .ioltanttcs ((lprn) l'attitts Kruger was a

near illiterate Boer soldier and nationalist who led

a fierce resistance against tltc British dtrriug the
raw—1902 Boer war. This religiously fanatical frontiers-
rnan/ltuntcr/soldicr served as the Transvaal President bet-
ween 1883 and 1902.

His ghost appeared on the SUNYA campus in thc forrn
of a letter to editor of ASP which was published in the
Tuesday. April 26. 1983 issue authored by 'i’aul Kruger.‘
its title was “Support South Africa."

The letter purports to be a response to tire editorial
publisltcd ill the ASP on ’l‘trcsday, April l9. 1983 entitled
“Symptoms of Apartheid" by .iuphet M. Zwrrna.

The editorial clearly poitttcd ortt that cotttrrrry to its pro-
paganda claims, the Sotttb Afri 'tm regime is bcgirtrting to
feel the internal pressure brought about by the motrrrting
resistance of African/(Zolorctl/Asiatic frccdotn fighters.

The author of “Strpport South Africa" chose to use the
editorial as a lake-off for his prctncditatcd. preconceived
scouting and campaign for the oppressive regime of South
Africa. This letter was altogether irrelevant to tire editorial,
whose only rcfcrcrtcc to tire prcscrtt American administra~
tion was with regards to its role in the Namibia in»
dependence talks.

This response to tltc icttcr was prorttptcd by the tone and
context of this crude, racist and tttlcrly uninformativc
diatribe. Substance in tire letter was conspicuous of its
obsccnc and tints. it is its intention that is in question here.

 

 

Cjzlspectcs

Established in 1918
Mark Gutter. Editor in Clrlal
Wayne Purebaom. Executive Editor
Tori Kaplowltx. Lin Slrlln, Mrrrrrrglng Edtlnrs
Mare Halpel. Senior Editor

 
 
 
  
  
   
  

Newu Edllnrn . .
Mancini-News dltor
ASPeeII Editor . . . . . . . . . .
Associate Ashen Editors

. . DtrbhltrJuduo, Dobbin Proluln

. . . . . . ..ltnlhony Sllbur

. .. ..... . DebbloMtllrnan

. . MtruartG.Tnylor.Gail Murroll
.. .. .. . llolratt Scltnuldor

 

  
 

 

 
 
    
   

Sound Editor . . . .
Vllion Editor . ... Ll'JilllllU Sokolowakl
Sports Edllol . . -. . . . . . . Marc Schwnrz
Allnelale Sports Editor . Mutk Luvlno
Edllorlll a I . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Erl nulnun

   

will". .Tinu Dlul. David L L. Laskln
Contributing E II ... ....Daatt Balg, Anrirow Carroll
Editorial Anal-tents: Torn Kacnndaa. y Ktluua. Mtchttol Gruonllold, Slovo
Fort. wn- Survch and Events Edllar. Holdl Grnlla. Slnll writers: Gina Abotrd.
Bulannn Abold, Amoy Adamo. Mart: Barman. Bill Brewster. William D. Charr
rnak. Nancy Crowfoot. Hubert-Kennth Dickey. llllt Fischer, Dob Gardlnlur,
Barry Gollnor, Ben Gordon, Joel Greenbarg. Lao Gtaanatoln, Mark Ham-
mond. Maddl Kun, Crala Marks, Robert Martlnlano, David Mlchoulson, Matt
Nichols. Bob O'Brlan, Rob O'Connor, Karon Plroul. Phil Plvnlck, Llnda Quinn.
LII Reich. Mlllt Hoosier, Handy Plath. Elton Santaslaro, Alan Somldn, Molln
Ulua. Mark Wltgard, Adorn Wllk Spectrum and Events Editors: hard Ginsberg,
Kan Dornbdum

Copy Editors . .

 

 

Ionnls Slovene. Buslneu Manager
may under. Auoel-le Business Manager
Bun-n Purim-n. Advert/slug Manager
John Trot-no, Sales Manager

 

 

 

Billing Account-"II .. Karon Sardolt, Judy Toroi
Payroll Supervisor. . . . . . ..Arlann Kallowttz
Olllchonrdlnalor . . . Jarrnlioraloch
Clullllld Manager. . . . . . . ..Mtcltoy Fluult

Composition Man-gar . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Motlsaa Wassorman
Advertising Sales: Polar Forward, Mlka Krahnar, Grooa Hall. Nell SuBEman.
Advertising Production Managers: Jana Hirsch, Mindy Horowitz, Advertising
Production: Mlchoilo Horowitz. Paiuo Marcus. Julio Mark. Eiluan Slovin, Sue
Sommoriald. Melissa Wassorman. nhorulu Woli, Olllco Stall: Runtioo Bohar,
Llsu Clayman. Gay Pereas

Jack Durlehlnq, Prom/alum Manngar
Pllrlcla Mitchell. Assncrura Fredric/Ion Manager

Chlel Typnsolter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . .. Cathie Ryan
Paste-up: Kelley Burke. Donna Curwln, Holly Proull. John Thorbtrrn. Davo
Wollo'fypllll: Bill Bouncy. Jltn Capozmla. Erica D‘Adartro, Joanna
Glideruluuvo. Elizabeth Huynrah, Ginny Huttur, Mary Allcu Llpkn, Mark Waiter

Photography principally suppllud by University Phnlo Sntvtcn. a student
group.

Chlel Photographer: Deva Arthur, UPS Stall: Chuck Borrnrtuitt, Laura Boatlck,
Alan Calorn. Amy Cohen. Sherry Cohen. Rachel Lttwlnl Ed Mnruaulch, Lola
Maltaboni. Susan Eluitto Mintllch, Joan Plurro-Louln. David Rivera, Lisa Sim-
rnons, Erica Spelnol, Warran Stout. Jlm Valentino. Will Vurman

Entire contents copyright v 198:! Albany Student Prou Carper-lion. III
rights reserved.

Thu Albany Student Press Ia publlahod Tuesdays and Fridayu between
August and Juno by tlta Albany Student Press Corporation, an independent
nolslor'prolll corporation.

Editorials uro wrlllnn by the Editor in Chiol with members at the Editorial
Board: policy In subject to review by the Editorial Board. Columns are written
by members at the unIVurIIty community and do not nacesaarlly represent
editorial policy. Advertising policy does not necessarily reflect editorial
policy.

Malling addrou:
Albany Student Press, (:0 320
two Washington Ava.
Albany, NY 12222

 

{518) 451-8892l332213389

The classically negative and racist mentality of the writer
was clearly demonstrated by such references as negro at-
Iitude, Sub-Saharan Afr/ca, negro rule, poorest countries.
no sign of democracy Insight, no food, no development, no
vote, inﬂation ravaged Nigeria. starvlng Chad. Cuban oc-
cupied Angola. Africans utterly lncapable of modern
civilized democratic go vernmenl.

Apparently. a wierd sense of unailoyed ethnic
righteousness on the part of ‘Paul Kruger“ is deliberately
blinding his eyes to the fact that Europeans are largely to
blame for turmoil in some parts of Africa. Their long
drawn colonial hegemony sewed and watered the seeds of
political, social. and economic destabilization through
savage and exploitative adventures that replenished the cof-
fers of imperialist capitals.

This “Paul Kruger' arid other ‘Krugcrs' like him would be
very well served by a cotrrse or two in African and Afro-
Arncrican Studies.

The Black cotntnunity is tired of the constant insults
perpetrated by racists and irresponsible reports in the ASP.

—-Robert Obudho
—Frank G. l’ogue
—.loseph Surfoh
—.lerome it). 'l’lrornton
—.laphet M. Zwana
AAS Faculty

r-r be racist article “Support South Africa" and its
tntrtl author purposely distorts tltc reality in South
Africa. TllL‘ author who is eitltcr a Dutch settler or a ‘
lliticritc deliberately blames communism as bcirtg the
reason for Utritcd Statcs‘s ccottotnic arid military backing
of the criminal regime in South Africa. He elcvntcs col-
ortiaiisrtt itt Africa to the position of crtligltttrtcrtt and
civiii/atiorr, and calls the most brutal regime in the world
(South Africa) the only-civilich cotrrttry irt Africa.

The fact of the matter is that llrc long rttn irttcrcst of the
U.S. irt the region is threatened by the aggressive policies of
South Africa irt attd arourtd the country. South African
apartheid policies deny the African majority population
frorn basic human rights such as the rigltt to be with your
family. travel irt and outside South Africtt', the racist
governmern also dcports ittdigenous population front fer-
tilc cultivable land to the barren lands surrounding Sotrlh
Africa. all this is dortc be 'ausc these people happen to be
black. Because of these criminal policies humanity
litrouglrottt the world has denounced South Africa.

irt tltc light of the aggresstvc nature of this unprecedently
irrlutrnanc regime and the turret" administration's iruplicit
support for Sotrtb Africa. the Soviet Union's iniiucncc in
tire rcgiort is increasing. Afri ‘ttns do not favor the Soviet
Union for its ideology btrt they are forced to rely on the

Soviets for scctrrity reasons. The Urtitcd States and its
Western allies provide South Africa with the technology
and money it rtccds, to continue its gcrtocidc on the local in-
digenous population. Surrounding African countries faced
with this dcslrttctivc aggression have no other altcrrtativc
but to seek Soviet and Cuban sttpport. Therefore, it is ap-
parcrrl the author of tire article “Support South Africa"
(April) was distorting the fact that the danger threatening

vital U.S. interests irt the region have been the lliticritc

.tatutc of the regime irt South Africa. in the long run the irr-
lcrcsl of thc U.S. in this area is to support the struggle of
tire African pcopi ' and suppressed groups in South Africa.

The suppressed people irt Sorrlit Africa ltavc the whole
human race behind them. Bttt above all their determination
for achieving the got 5 of decent life and unconditional
freedom will be fulfilled as it had bccn fulfilled irt present
day l'r-c-Zintbabwc. Therefore. we urge the peace-loving
Arncricart pcoplc rtot to bc trtislcd by the vcry enemies of
lttrrrtanity such as the author of last week's article “Support
Sotrllt Africa." And by supporting the just rights of tire irr-
digertotrs majority population in South Africa you will be
sowing tltc seeds of friendship and nnrtttal interest bclwccrt
the American and African peoples.

Tire author of tire racist urticlc referred to above prai ' ts
British colonialism for its so-cnllcd “civiliring mission" in
Africa. when we all know that European dorniruttion in
Africa is largely responsible for the unfair cconorttic posi-
tiorts Africa and tire less developing world faces today.
Contrary to this ill-minded Dutch settler. European
polrctes in Africa were typically brutal, degrading to the
African way of life. This decent style of life draws its civili-
ty from the ancient glories and civilizations of Africa.
which for long was disregarded by thc Europeans for racist
reasons. European colottilcrs specially those who settled in
what is now South Africa were the tltcrt antisocial elements
in Errrope. These settlers were professional thieves,
criminals of the first degree. Europe had to get rid ofthem.
Where? They dtrtrtpcd tltern in South Africa where they
looted and displaced the indigenous population. And now
we are being told that these criminals constitute the “sole-
civilizcd nation" in the continent known for its ancient
civilizations, and housing peoples who embrace love and
respect for all humanity. Distortion of facts about South
Africa such as in the notorious article “Support South
Africa" will only further reveal the unmatched illega'lty
and brutality of the apartheid regime in South Africa.

—Mahmoud rm Gheltu

 

 

   

 

