l
9
f?

'VnAr‘A-s

   
  
    
    
   
     
    
   
  
   
   
     
   
   
    
  
  
 

 

 

Soviets may walk out

Geneva. Sil‘i/U‘I‘Itllitl
(AP) U.S. and Soviet arrrts negotiators were
scheduled to resume medium-range missile
talks Thursday. two days after their shortest
bargaining session ever. but France's presi-
dent said the Soviets are on the write of a
walkout.

Moscow has tltreatetted to withdraw from
tlte talks if NATO began deployirtg new U.S.
cruise and Pershing 2 ttttclcar missiles itt
Western Europe.

President Francois Mitterrand of lrattcc
predicted Wednesday the Sotiets will “all.
out of talks in (knew when tlte first l’er~
siting 2s are deployed in West Germany nest
month. He said. in a national Ic|c\isit)n inter-
view. lte did not think “the rupttrre would
'ast a long time" artd promised tltat l-'rance
would “use all of its means" to ltelp the
negotiations resume if they are broken otf.

Leader rumored shot

Lulu/mt
(Al’) The Daily l€\prcss said Thursday there
are reports that Soviet President Yuri V. An-
dropov ltas not appeared in ptrblic for three
months because he was sltot in the arm by
Leonid Brclhnev's son. wito was reported
furious over KGB allegations of moral and
financial corruption.

The Daily Express said it based its article
on reports that emanated from Moscth KLili
sotrrces. and that these reports ltad spread
tltrough intelligence circles in London and
elsewltere in Europe. The article was headlin-
ed. "Was Andropov Shot?"

There was no comment from Soviet of-
ficials. bttt Yuri Brerhnev's office in Moscow
said he still held his job as first depttty
foreign trade minister. which tended to east
dotrbt on the report.

 

The Daily Express said the Bre/hnevs “are
reported to Itavc nursed a bitter grudge
agairtst Andropov because they believe that
when he was head of the KGB he tried to im-
plicate tltetn in allegations of moral and
financial corruption."

Arafat fights on

Tripoli). Lela/nun
(AP) Palestinian rebels Thursday declared
victory irt their war against Yasser Arafat.
bttt ite towed to fight on as a pocket of ltis
besieged loyalists held otrt north of Tripoli.

l ebanon's state radio reported that Arafat
had ordered ltis troops in nortltern Lebanon
to ease fire, but the clrairrnttrt of the
Palestine Liberation ()rgani/ation told
reporters Thursday ltc would continue
fighting.

“it is difficult. But we hate no choice."
Arafat said in a brief news conference at ltis
headquarters in Tripoli. ()nc ol'ltis hands was
wrapped in a bandage. bttt he said it was
"not a wound." He gave no further explana-
tion.

Arafat and his aides said there were still
some loyalist lighters in positions on the
southern edge of the liaddawi Palestinian
refugee camp. taken by the rebels in fierce
ltand-to-hand lighting Wednesday. The
catrtp was Arafat's last Middle [East
stronghold.

Cypriots stop work

Nicosia. Cyprus
(Al’) (ircck Cypriots staged a work stoppage
Thursday to protest a declaration of in-
dependence by the Turkish-occupied north.
The government said it would rely on
diplomacy. not force. in dealing with the
secessionists.

The strike call. issued by trade union
federations. was for “complete inactivity"
for one hour, including the closure of all
shops, ofﬁces and schools in the Greek

 

 

Cyprior sector of the divided Mediterranean
island.

The unions said the work stoppage was
designed "to strengthen the unanimous" op-
position tc the Turkish Cypriots' declaration

 

Tuesday and to consolidate support for "the
government's measures against the Turkish
decision." On Wednesday about l0.000 high
school students participated in a peaceful
anti-secession demonstration In Nicosia.

NATIONWIDE
. egg -

Quake rocks Hawaii

Milo, Hawaii
(AP) Windows shattered. ceiling plaster fell
artd Inore titan 20 houses were rocked off
their foundations irt a strong. minute-long
earthquake that frightened Hawaii Island
residents bttt caused only minor injuries. of-
ficials said.

"The damage will rttn into the millions.
We have homes and businesses that were
totaled." liarry Kim, administrator of the
Hawaii ('ounty Civil Defense Agency. said
after \‘.’edttesday‘s quake. which strttck at
6:l3 a.tn., II:13 a.m. EST.

The quake. llawaii’s strongest in eight
years. registered 6.7 on the Richter settle of
ground motion and was centered on the
southwest flank of Manna Lon volcano,
about 70 miles southwest of llilo. said the
’acific Tsunami Warning Center in
Honolulu.

It was felt on all major islands in the cltairt,
but damage was limited to Hawaii Island.
where authorities said only six tninor injuries
were reported.

Foat is acquitted

Grelna. Lu.

(AP) Feminist Ginny Foal says lter acquittal
on an 18-year-old murder charge is a “sym-
bolic victory" for women who are battered
and abused. adding that she hopes to “go
back to California and put my life together."
The six-man. six-woman jury took only
two hours on Wednesday to reject the
testimony of Foat's former husband. John
Sidote. who was the prosecution's key

 

 

witness.

Sidote claimed that he and Foal. then a
barmaid in a seedy Canal Street bar. had
lured 62-year-old Moises Cltayo to the out.
skirts of New Orleans. He testified they cittb.
bed Cltayo with a tire iron after robbing hirtr
of SL400 he was carrying to pay his son‘s
hospital bills.

However, Foal testified that Sitiote’s ac.
cusations were born of malicious vengeance
because site left him after enduring five years
of physical and psychological abuse.

STATEWIDE

 
 

Congress debates bill

Washington, I l. t ',
(Ai’) Purchase of a $96 milliutt radar system
from the General [Electric plant itt Syracuse
ltas been included in the compromise tit'it'llsL’
spending bill being considered by iitlttsc .tnd
Sertate conferees, an aide to Sctt. Allottsc
D‘Amato. R-NY. said Thursday ttrotttitut.

The total procurement calls tor slits
rrtillion. ittclttding $9 million for spttlc parts.
lid Martin. D'Amato‘s press secretary stliti.

The radar would be for tire Atlantic coast,
Martin said, arid other units were being cott-
sidered for the southern, nortltctrt and
Pacific orders.

Conferees. including D'Amato and
Democrat Joseph Addabbo of ()Iorte l’rtrl.,
met Wednesday and were to tnect .tgain
Thursday on the approximately $250 billion
bill.

Prison okays changes

Ill/It'll
(AP) Attica State Prison Supt. Harold l.
Smith said ltc has agreed to sonic of the
cltanges called for in a September .sitvin pro-
test at the maximum security facility and has
denied other requests.

Smith told Tltc Buffalo News he has
denied amnesty to some inmates accused Ill
breaking rules during the protest and that he
couldn‘t take night sticks away from correc-
tions officers as irtmates requested.

He said requests for eliminating Attiea's
rttlc book and on-the~job training for guards
were also denied.

Smith did say he told officers to he awate
that inmates feel threatened when the clubs
are held in a menacing rnartrrer.

He said inmates being transferred to the
Special llottsing Unit will be videotaped l|l
response to prisoners" requests to L'Iltl
assaults on inmates.

Secession considered

sill-unv
(AP) State Sen. Joltrt Matclti. It Staten
Island. unveiled legislation. l'htrrstlas, th.tt
would be the first step toutttds .ilioutru-
Statert islartd to secede from the test til Nt-w
York City.

Mttrchi. the chairman of the Senate‘s
powerful I-‘inartce Committee. has been
leading a movement tostudy the it'.l\|i‘lil|\ ttl
separating Staten island from the test oi New
York (‘in. The senator's cilott itit‘teascd
after the US. Circuit (‘otut ol' Appcttls ruled
irt May that the constitutional “one pcrsoll.
one vote" rule be applied to the city llmrrtl «it
I-istimate.

Marclti said the rttling. which has been sent
back to a lower court for further action.
would give Staten Island virtually no voice on
the board. which largely detertttirtcs how the
city spends its money.

 

 

 

for tax card holders.

Education Building.

 

University Thoatrowiii present Look A Dance Marathon will be spon-
Homaward Angel at 8 p.m., Friday sored by Telethon '84 Friday and
and Saturday. Nov. 18 and 19, at the Saturday. Nov. 1849 from 8 pm. to
Performing Arts Center. Admission 8 pm. Sponsor sheets are available
will be 35 general, $3.50 for at the SA cities. all quad offices,
‘ ‘ and oeniorctttzonc,and$3 W008, and the Telethon table in

the CC Lobby. Proceeds will go to
Center and

Varsity snub-ii Mooring for all In- the Capital Area Speech

teroatod In playing for Albany State Wildwood school.

“A” be new M°"‘”Yu N°V-2‘ I“ 5130 Biological Science. will present a

W" l" "00'" 125 0' "‘9 PhYl'W' seminar Tuesday, Nov. 22. at 4:10

Buildln Room Cathedral 62

248. Steven Zottoll of Williams Col-
lege will speak on “Structural and
Eiectrophyslologicol Correlates of.
the Axon Reaction."

Landlords — Tenants Legal obliga-
ilona will be the subject of an Oil
Campus Association Workshop on
Monday, Nov. 21 at6130 p.m. SA At-
torney Mark Mishlor will be the
featured speaker at the workshop
which will be presented In the Off
Campus Lounge.

Festival of Saint Cecilia. featuring
an organ recital by Albert Melton
and a performance by the Albany
Pocket Opera, will be held Sunday,
Nov. 20, at 4 pm. at the All Saints

door for $7.

international Student Association
will hold an international dinner at
Alumni Ouad's Brubachar dining
hall on Saturday, Nov. 19 at 6 pm.
Tickets can be purchased In the
Campus Center Lobby and CC 344
for $6 with a tax sticker and 37
without. Tickets will be sold at the

University Counseling Center will
sponsor an informal discussion on
nuclear holocaust on Monday. Nov.
21. at 9 am. In the Business Ad-
ministration Buiiding, Room 112.
The discussion will be based on the
film The Day After. which is to be

Norman Blair. a prominent
religious storyteller, will be perform
Ing in the Performing Arts Center on
Saturday. Nov. 19, at 8 pm. Atlrnts
slon will be $2 for the general
public, and St for Chapel House
students. Tickets are available at
Chapel House.

A Statistics Colloquium lecturing
Mitchell Gall of the National Canco
Institute will be held Monday. Nov.
21 at 3:40 pm. in the Earth Science
Building, Room 152. Gall will speak
on “Biased selection of controls for
case-control analyses of cohort
studios measuring time to
response." Tea will be served
before the program at 3:15 pm.

 

 

 

pm. in the Biol

, m ,. Ln .1, nt‘ ~. u .r

 

 

aired Sunday. Nov. 20, on ABC-TV.

  
 
  

 

 

 

   

 

By Michelle Bustier

Dan Altman. a director of Don't Walk Alone, has said
that response has been tremendous to the new pilot pro-
gram escort service and, if it is approved by the University.
Altman hopes to implement it on all quads uptown. as well
as expanding to the downtown campus.

The program. headed by Altman and three other student
directors. was helped on its way by the President‘s Task
Force for Women‘s Safety. Lisa Donahue. Don’t Walk
Alon. aff representative along with the task force came
tip With a possible program over the summer which was in-
corporated with ideas from the University at Buffalo's
Anti-Rape Task Force. _

'l ..c pilot program. which is on a trial period ttrttil at least
the end of tire semester. consists of two stations. one in the
lobby of tile library arid the other in Dtttelt Quad. Women
may be escorted from the library to arty place on campus.
while Dutch Quad escorts only go to the library. This ser-
vice operates frotn 8:00 p.m. to I2100 a.tn. Sunday tltrtt
Thursday.

According to Kcitlt Murder. at stttdcttt escort. “The ser-
vice is averaging ttt least 35 people a night." lloth Altrnatt
and Maggie Aucr. two of the program's directors. agree
that the program is doing very well. They claimed to ltave
escorted about I70 women tltc first week and they have
received about “)7 applications frorn students who wish to
volunteer. Alttnan pointed ottt however. that all applicants
arcd tltrottglt .lttdicial Board and must go through art
orientation which lasts about It) lrottrs. Marder said that as
far as lte knows. no one has been turned down.

According to Marder, tlte orientation was divided into
several different sections. “First. we attended a seminar on

 

 

  

 

.3

  

\

 

ROBERT LUCKEY UPS
Telethon Co-chalr Amy Zimmerman

Telethon ’84

By Sue Goryeb
and Kathy Boytlm

Tclctiton '84 is underway. with “better participation
.tttd support titan ever" front the campus commttttity.
said Telethon co-chair Cindy Katz.

“Participation has really improved this year." said
Kat'r. “We ltavc more support frotn student groups.
especially SA."

This y'ar. 'l‘clethon will be supporting Iltc Wildwood
Scltool for developmentally disabled arid aut ic children.
along with the Capital Area Spccclt Cetttcr for children
with speech impait‘trtcnts. which will be rcceivittg the tint-
iority of funds this year, according to Amy Zimmerman.
also co-chair.

last year 'i‘eletlton sponsored three local groups:
Wildwood Scltool. (.‘tunp Opportunities for children, attd
New York Northeastern Chapter of Nettrofibt'orrtatosis,
which works for rttorc public awareness of tire disease.
Zimmerman said.

Accordittg to Arlen Westbrook. Social Worker at rht
Capital Area Speech Cctttcr. a non-profit institution.
“We handle speccit and langttage therapy with children
and adults." She said that the center provides services for
a six cottrtty arert. “This year We will be working with 13E
children, with varying degrees of speeelt impairments."

The Wildwood Scltool. which is a eltapter of the Nev

 

 

 

 

'York Association for the Learning Disabled. provide
camp ttrtd recreational opportunities for cltildren "with l
wide range of disabilities." said Dennis Lake. Reerea
tionttl Services coordinator for the School.

“We needed assistance to pick up where Telethon 'li.‘-

 

 

5D

 

 

NOVEMBER 18,1983 El ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 3

Escort service debuts with energetic support

 

I
r

’4
x 
T

 

 

Don't Walk Alone escort team

 

 

Error/s rrltt'rrwr c'o/tsisl of two people; one or lull/t of lt'liit'll tire/entitle.

.severl different topics." lte said. The topics rattgcd frotn
liglttittg on campus. the campus jttdicial system. arid self-
defense. to the counseling center arid sexual harassment on
campus.

Following this. Marder said. they took groups of HMS
students attd asked them why Iltey were interested. " They
discussed what we'd ltavc to do attd answered arty questions
we had, A “tape quir" was then given to poirtt out what
the victims go through," Marder said.

After these steps. the applicants were then interviewed irr-
divitlually arid told more fttlly of their responsibilities.

One of the factors. which has been of interest to students
is the possibility of offering credits to escorts iii the future.
Alttrtatt claims that if tltc pilot prograttt is approved, they
hope to initiate an indepertdant. study type program.
possibly through Women's Studies. which would be more
educational and include sortie form of term paper.

One of Don‘t Walk Alone‘s pttrposes. added Donaltue.
is to educate people on women's .sufcty. Tltey hope to Itave
information available at the stations in the future. This
would incltrde pamphlets on rape and a questionnaire ask-
ing wlterc the llgltting on campus should be improved and
comments on campus trouble spots.

 

' CINDV OALWAV UPS

 

The program is to be reviewed at the beginning of sprirtg
semester by the t'atnptts |.ife Committee. Vice President oi
Student Affairs It'rank Poguc claims that lie ltas received no
report thus far as to ltow the pilot program is doing. lie
said that lie doesn‘t know ltow rnttclt it's going to cost or
what it will involve. When it is reviewed it will be dortc by a
campus life committee corrtposcd of rttetttbers frottt several
adrninisttative offices.

Rich Scltafl'er, SA presidettt uttd a Sttttday escort. said
tire response to tlte prograttt has been great. lie said ire
thinks that Pogttc will definitely recomrttend it to the
university for approval. SA is ready to stand behind their
efforts. he stated, arttl the Women's Safety Task Force
should be commended for their qttiek actions.

According to Marder. tlte people whom Itc has escorted
have ltad very good things to say about it. "One girl told
me it‘s r'ally cute." he said. “ bttt comments ltavc ranged
from ‘I'm really scared to walk alottc' to Ithis is a great
id 'a.‘ “

As for the students. Scott Rubinstiert, another student
director. said that a lot ofpeople ofthc escorts find that it's
fun arid they meet people. "They're having a really good

I 3 >

 

Business Education degree program
future uncertain; admissions ended

 

By Aileen Brown

 

lneotning students irttcrcstcd irt the Busin ,. Teacher
Education undergraduate degree progratn may find
themselves surprised since the ftttttre of the program'is
uncertain attd admissions to the program have been
.sttspcndcd indefinitely.

The Business Teacher Education progrttm is a very old
and distinguished one at SUNYA. with a history stemming
back to Albany's Teacher College roots. At one tirrrc the
program had sixteen fttll time faculty members. Currently
there are only four. according to Robert Koff. Dean of the
Business School.

“The suspension of admissions to the progratn stemmed
from our inability to augment the program as was necessary
in order to maintain a quality program. said Kifl‘. He added
that the program is presently being reviewed.

“We felt it was better to phase ottt the undergraduate
degree program and possibly replace it with a combined
BA/MS or BS/MS program. Tire faculty is working on a
proposal which examines ottr options. " lte said.

The suspension of admissions to the program is the first
step towards possible discontinuance of the program. ac-
cording to Judith A. Itamaley. SUNYA Vice President for
A ‘ademic Affairs. The second step. called program discon-
tinuance. involves art amendment tltrouglt SUNY-Central.
“We have simply suspended admissions to the progrurtt in
order to make sure we ‘an honor ottr commitments to
students presently in the program." Rttrrtalcy said. "We
want to make sure we cart allow these students to complete
the program. while til the same time give ourselves the op-
portunity to terminate the program iii a few years should
that be the tulminstrative decision.“

The suspension of admissions to the program is only up-
plicttble to those students that ltttve less than 24 credits us of
September. 1983. "Those students who ltavc completed
rrtore than 24 credits before the beginning of this semester
are still eligible to apply to ettter the program." said Hurry
I-lttntilton, Chairman of the Atmospheric Sciences Depart~
ment. Hamilton's office is responsible for all notifications
which concern a change itt academic affairs. "We are all
concerned also about any freshmen that are possibly in-
terested in the program. 1

They should see their advisors in the CUE (Center for
Undergraduate Education) office and Inform them about

 

their interest irt this program." Koff said that the suspen-
sion was mainly titre to the allocation of resources. "We
trad to look at ottr priorities and our needs. The state is not
providing the university with any additional resources and
there are other programs in the university tltnt need to be
developed." “The program would stiffer if we could not
support it as nee 'sary." he said.

Among the possibilities being reviewed for the ftttttrc of
the program are: a combined bachelors/masters degree.
with the bachelors degree in another concentration and the
masters degree in Business Education; a masters degree on-
ly; or a masters program in cooperation with an area school
which offers an undergraduate degree irt Business Educa-
tion. “The faculty in the Business Education department
tnttst examine the possibilities for the gradttatc program."
said Rarrtaley. Site added tltut it would be difficttlt to main-
taitt botlt programs with the facttlty and resources
available. “it seems likely that they would instead have to
investigate either redesigning the program or developing
one of the alternatives on tltc gtadttate level." site explain-
ed.

()piuion iii the Business lidueation department is
somewhat different from the administrative perspective
however. Tlterc is concern about wltetlter the possibilities
of redesigning the program on a graduate level will fill tltc
void left by the discontinuance of the ttrtdergradttate degree
program. “I Itave a personal and professional concern

about the supply of busin s; artd distributive education
teachers for the high slteools of New York State." said
Associate Professor R. Blodgett of the Teacher Education
departmertt. lie expressed concern as to where the teachers
of tire ftrttrrc will eotne from. “Irt the past, Albany has been
a major supplier of this type of facility for the high schools.
The program was a high quality orte. which was provett to
be very solid over the years. The demand for this type of

 

 

‘ trairtittg is there. I am concerned that tltcrc will be a Void in

programs in the state that will prepare these type of
teachers."

“The question of where you allocate funds and what you
sustain is a difficult one." said Ramulcy. “The Business
Education department was one that offered us some flex-
ibility in restructuring the program. The recommendations
we had received from consultants was that we had to at
least sustain the program on its ettrrent level. if not uug-

ment it." l_l

  

