    

 

t
e
i
i

' ._.v.......‘,..

 

 

EDI

rorrtA

LS/

 

 

esterday’s Lobby Day downtown was tlte best

example of student organizing in years.

Thousands of students, from all over the state
— half of them from this campus — stumped the
halls of the Capitol in an effort to build support for
SUNY in the state Legislature.

The turnout — 3000 students in all —— was un-
precedented in years of lobbying for the Slate
University. More people from Albany lobbied than
in any other year.

The spirit of the crowd was an indicatiott of tire op-
timism students feel about the chances of turning
back the budget cttts and fee hikes. The 750 sttrdcrits
who marclted frotn Alumni Quad sartg. chanted. ran
and danced their way to the LOB. The warm-up pep
rally Sunday night in the Ballroom showed the real
school spirit we have at this school — ttot an artificial
one based on riten in funny uniforms beating on eaclt
other. but a real ortc based on people really caring
about their education arid fighting to save it.

The way all these people got mobili/ed to take tltis
actiott was through old-fashioned orgarti/ing. It
wasn't by people passiitg meaningless resolutions itt
Central Council - it was by these people wlto repre—
sent us in Council talkiitg to their constituants and
motivating them to take action by going to the
Legislature. Most of the qiutd coordinators ol' tltis
latest action also sit on Council. and they've
demonstrated ltow effective students can be when
they work together. This kind of orgiuti/iitg prowess

hasn't been seen since the days of the Student Union.
and it’s about time that it’s back. Everyone in Stu-
dent Association has been doing an excellent job of
organizing. and it's a welcome change. it might even
end tip with a newly-reorganized Student Union.
which would benefit all students.

All this work needs to be pirt into perspective,
however. The budget battle ltas only begun. The

  That, old-fashioned organizing spirit

Legislature has a whole month to play with the
budget. and the students of SUNY are only one of
the pressure groups vieing for a piece of tire state
budget. The only way public higher education will get
its share is if this kind of intense lobbying arid
pressure continues. if it doesn't. yesterday will only
seem like a bad joke. The organizing and lobbying
has only begun. i 1

Corporate reactionisrn

Yl’IR(i‘s irt court again. That's not too unusual —

Ni’l’lRCi spends ii lot of time in court tltese days on

cases such as strident voting rights and environmen-
tal quality - htit there's a twist. NYPlRG‘s the one being
sued.

A group of right-wing students are the frortt for a case
filed it few weeks in Manhattan by'a legal foundation fund-
etl by the large corporations that are often the target of
NYl’lIKi-sponsorctl legislation sttclt as the brittle bill.
l‘hcy‘re string the SUNY Board of Trustees. NYI’IRG and
some other ittvolvcd parties for the return of ttioricy col-
lected by student activities l'ccs. -

NYl’lRCr is partially fttitdcd tlrrotiglt the mandatory stu-
deitt tux iii the colleges where it has activc chapters. ltr
Albany. two bucks ottt of the $45 activity fee go to tire stir-
dcitt itrrt group. The suit cotttcitds that this funding is trit-
constitutional because students are forced to financc art
ideological grotip whether they waiit to or not.

We“. tltey'rc wrotig. livery cotiplc of years students vote
on a relcrcttdurn whether they want to give NYl’lRU this

money. and at Albany it's always passed strongly. Also.
NYPlRCr is not ideological iii the sense of party-based
organirations. which cannot be funded by student money.
The “ideology” these conservatives object to is NYl’lRU's
opposition to unsound environmental practices and other
ttasty things big corporations ltavc a ltttbit of doing. liy at-
tacking NYl’lR(i's funding. they hope to yield an easier
tirttc defeating worthy ideas such as the bottle bill.

The prcittisc this suit is based on attacks the right
students have iii SUNY to decide wltctltcr they want to tan
themselves to finance orgitrti/tttions likc Ni'l’lltti. SASU,
or even Sttidcitt Association. The courts are ttrtlikely to
take this rigltt away. ltotvetcr. but this kiitd ol legal action
is friglttcnit I. Corporate America isn't corttcrtt witlt the
record prot s the large companies are reporting ~ now
they‘re attacking one oftlte few organi/utions that protects
consumers arid students from their power. It worild be it
shame to lose such a strong voice. especially on such it poor

 

 

C

 

o L U‘»M

premise.

 

 

Conscientious objections

Draft registration leaves its no legal options. Unlike dral‘t
registration and the subsequent draft during the Vietnam
War. we cannot yet register as conscientious objectors
(hereafter denoted as CO).

We can write on the side of the registration card that we
are a CO. but the Federal Government does not recognize
that as legal CO registration.

If draft registration evolves into its logical conclusion.
the draft. and if the government does actually allow us to
register as CO's. we must present a request for CO status to
otir local draft board. Below is my presentation to and what
I would defend in front of the draft board.

Robert Martiniano

“I do not believe in taking another life. l do not own a
grin; I do not hunt or fish; 1 am a vegetarian as much as
possible.

“My oppositiort to killing and violence in general.
however. is not based on contemporary religiotis tenets or
dogma. such as being a Quaker.

“I do not believe practiced Christianin opposes the rise
of violence. Throughout world history I have seen example
upon example of killing justified by one's religion.

“From Charlemagne offering the Moors the choice of
Christianity or death (some choice). through the Crusades.
to the current conflicts in the support a war effort. the
reasons notwithstanding, and these people were willing to
kill and die in this war.

"My first response to you is that the circumstances were
different than they are today. War. with the advent of tac-
tical and non-tactical nuclear weapons. now has immense
destructive possibilities.

“More importantly. ltowcvcr. than the circttrtislaitccs or
the cxpansivettess of tire destruction and death is that that
war fougltt for the freedom of this country does not detract
from the belief iti human progress oitr founding fathers and
mothers had.

“And as much as l oppose arty war or any violence. this
war was the culmination of a war of words. a war ot beliefs.
These people fought for sclf—dctcrmirititioit and trccdoms,
not global conquest for monetary gain.

“Again. I wish to stress the beliefs behind arid beyond
that war and actions iii general. The beliefs which the
founders of this country had have transcended their war
and every war since.

“In testimony to that fact. one lttiitdred years later John
Stuart Mill echoed similar beliefs in lingland. He wrote of
equal rights for women before it became fashionable. He
wrote of the optimism of human progression.

“With circumstances different. Mill didn't need to
discuss human progression in the same breath of war as did
Jefferson and Washington. Yet. Mill believed in people.
their rights. and their futures as much as Jefferson and

 

Washington did.

“Karl Marx had the same optimism for humankind.
Marx believed humankind was progressing toward the
ultimate state of human cooperativcness — socialism. Marx
believed people would work togetlter. each individual con-
tributing to society what he/slte could. creating the perfect
society. ..

“Will we reach that perfect society? Only time and
history will tell. nevertheless . . .

“Why talk to you about individuals long since dead?
Tltcy possess one quality which l possess — the belief in
human progression. ' '

"And that belief involves owning no gttrt. never picking
tip a knife as a weapon. and believing wars are the epitomy

of human regression.

“Humankind cannot progress if it is killing itself. Op-
timism states that the one life saved cottld be the life which

finds a ctrre for cancer. Optimism states that the one the
saved could be Hie life which finds a solution to world
littnger.

“My opposition to war is most definitely based on
ntaybes. Optimism is based on maybcs. if there exists even
the slightest chance. l want that cltancc animated.

“Combining these niaybcs with the belief that a god—like
entity exists iii cverytlting in the universe. I cannot criti-
sciottsly kill another human being.

“One final point. I have been a registered conscientious
objector with tltc Central Committee for Cortsciciitions Ob»
jcctors siticc the summer of I979. Though I rcali/c this
means nothing legally. it does demonstrate i felt this way
even before draft rcgistratiort y'as latv.

“For the above reasons 1 hereby tcndcr my rcqttest for
status as conscientious objector." i :

 



1.

ilf

their

 

 

  
        

 

 

 

nu.

 

 

 

 

_T T E

R S

 

 

Down under

To the Editor:

“I come frotn the land down under:" l have always
believed (as do Men At Work) that the reference is to
Australia. Obviotrsly there are those in SA who disagree
and feel anything outside of New York State is “down
under."

What do l mean? I'll tell you. Every piece of publicity
hung on campus referring to the proposed increases iii the
cost of a SUNYA education blatantly ignores the proposed
Sl.400 tuition ltike for out-of—statcrs. This increase cottplcd
with all the others. will raise the total cost of u SUNYA
education for an otit-of-stater by over $2.000 — or rtiorc
than 50 percent. Tlterc are between 500-600 students af-
fected. thereby bringing the toial affect to over $l.000.(X)0.
So tell me: I) Why is it that SA-fundcd posters ltave even
gone so far as to attack the $25 computer fee witltotit evcrt
mentioning the fact that 500 students will see their total
costs of cdticatioii go tip by 50 percent iit one year? 2) Wlty
is it that the banners proclaiming. the rally on Monday. and
Mike (‘orso's pcrsottal visit to ‘tIL‘ll qttitd fail to rtiakc trien-
tion of the effect on otrtvof—staters wltilc clearly stating the
effect on irt«statcrs'.’

We pay the satire activity fee as cvcryotic clsc arid I'd like
to see SA rccogtti/c ottr plight on the posters ottt money is
funding.

l'ersoitally. after seeing tltc rather unconvincing support
of similar “calls for action" in the past. i think that the
logical tliiitg to do wottld be to inspire tltose llllll to most to
speak utit. btrt then again nobody ever nccttscd SA of being
logical. Instead the) hate alienated tire and other orrtroir
statcrs. .

Please don't respond by saying “get involved." i will do
all I cart. bitt you see I am rtlrcttdy up to my rtcck trying to
irttprovc trport what last year‘s SA Adrttiriistrtilioit cttllcd
“budgeting.”

—lru l). l-‘roine

Illustrated neglect

To the Editor:

RL‘VlL‘Wltig‘m)’ tiriie spent as Central Council chair. I
recall some of the problcnts that have developed. For otic.
the Albany Slur/mil Press, tltrotigli its neglect in seeking all
the facts. wcigltitig all of the facts equally. arid providing
the student body with ititbiascd rcportittg. ltas effectively
ltindcrcd the smooth functioning of tltc Student Associa-
tioit.

The ASP has offered the students headline. and articles
that illtistratc this neglect. Two examples occurred in just
the last two issues. On Tuesday. February is. I983. a front
page article was headed. “Council's lack of leadership. and
goals is a reason many resign." While this reason played a
role in sortie of the member's resignations. the headline
noticeably avoided. and the article ntlnllllllcd. all of the
other reasons cited by those who resigned: a domineering
executive branch; a bureaucratic process inherent in the
very structure of S.A.. not just Central Council; arid it lack
ol'commilmcnt of the part of sortie members. A page thrcc
article on Friday. Fcbuary l8. I983, was headed "S.A. iii-
elections postponed due to confusion in Central Council."
Nothing could be further frotit the trtrtlt. Central Council
ltas the job. as the legislative branch. to legislate aetion.
The exectitivc branch is responsible for executing legisla-
tion. To think otherwise ignores the constitutional structure
of S.A.

Vice President LaPorttt receives a packet of bill pro-
posals in advance of the Central Council meetings. Site is
present at the meeting arid oftcti participates iii the discus-
sion of these bills. as she ltad on the bill relating to the bi-
clcctiort. Then she has the opportunity to cltcck the
rcsoitrcc files. my Corrricil office file. or to ask me directly
to dctcrinine the precise contctit of the legislative action.

 

The Vice President has never regularly received the signed
bills —- and no problems have ocourred in the past —— so this
could not be at the heart of the problem now. Additionally.
President Corso signs all bills before they can go into‘ ef-
fect. leaving the executive branch yet another opportunity
to deterntinc the coritcrtt of the legislation.

There is a pattern that one can discern from the ASP‘S
coverage. The executive branch. which the ASP calls
"S.A.." is deemed flawless. while the blame for any and all
problems lies upon Central Coucil and/or myself. S.A. as a
whole must be considered responsiblefor the success of its
operations. it is tilcc of the ASP. front President Carro's
perspective! to divide the organiriitlon iii their coverage.
and lay blame on one to protect tltc otltcr. it is understood
that the executive's political beliefs are more closely aligned
with those of the ASP. liut this fact should not affect the
articles written and edited by unbiased journalists.

Those of tis who make the press. are helpless against
those who really make the press I ant referring to the lit-
dividual‘ personalities who research. write. edit. attd
headline tltc stories.

ill the future. please grant council the right to make
mistakes. to ltavc successes; to work toward a common
goal. btit not be restricted by that goal; to be ltcld accoun-
table for its political beliefs. btrt respected iii its right to
ltold them; and most of all. to improve student life on this
campus.

 

«.let‘l' l-‘roinrn
('t-Ittrrtl ('rIII/tt'i/ ('Itrrt’r

Armed and dangerous

To the Editor:

Recently. I was witness to an incident that shocked and
disturbed rttc more than anything I hate seen during my 4
years ttl SUNYA. .

I saw a llniicrsity l’olicc otficcr use unnecessary. urt»
provoked force against 2 students.

On Friday rtigltt. l-'ebruaty 25. lattcttdcd a large party irt
littliatt Qttttd's le.otrrrgc. It was pretty boisterous. and the
beer run out before midnight. llcctiuse of tire towditiess of
people leaving tltc par ty tltroirglt the quad. tticntbcrs of the
Sttrdcttt Patrol and tire University Police were called in.
Because of the absence of alcohol. the party iaii otit of
steam by itself. and by about l2:30 am.lltc only people left
were the people who threw the party itttd a few assorted
friends (about 50 iii all). Tlte officers were not needed. so
they left.

Well after cleanup ltad begun. the University Police
returned. With the presence of a Student Patrol person. a
dorm director. and several R.A.'s. l don't ktiow why 3
policemen wcrc needed.

Two of tire officers were easy-going arid displayed a
reasonable. relaxed ttttitttde. The third officer. a Lictttc-
itant. secured to he oit edge artd conveyed tin attittidc of
disgust toward the students present. Several students were
harshly ordered otit of the iicar~cinpty U-Loiingc by the
Lieutenant with a wave of his billy-club. One student. on
his way out. raised his hand behind the Licutenant in a
“horn-type" gcstttrc. The officer whirled urottitd arid tltrew
the student against tltc wall. his for 'aritt firmly across tltc
student's throat. l'le Iitct no resistance.

Anotltcr student approached and tried to get between the
two. saying clearly. “There's no need for that." obviously
concerned. as l was. that the officer was about to harm the
student. At this point. the Lieutenant threw the first man
aside and jtimpcd at the second iii the satire manner as he
ltad attacked tltc first. Again he tttet no resistance. but by
this time the other officers had converged and separated the
Lieutenant frottt the students. it’s scary to imagine what
ttiigltt ltave transpired ltad the other two officers not been
present. or if they were ntore than just a few yards away.

These itiert are employed by our University for “Public
Safety." They are on ottr campus to protect us and to serve
us. not to provoke violettt situations. They walked into that

 

é

 

aspects

D. Diirrnll Botz. [otter in Cllll‘l
Wayne Pueruboom. [lecittrve tit/tot
Mark Gosriur. Mtlllttﬂlltlt tit/riot

Established in 1916

tr-n Knpltiwtt.‘

[it'ltlilt‘ Jottuo. but. Protein
Dl‘lilitl! Mtllltititt

hloqtlirti i.rytor.t‘r.otMerton

liirirt-tt utztuuiuior

l.t!..itrrrrr notion-mist
Sports Editor t.i.ot tins I

Associate SputtaEdttot Muir: Sullwdl.‘
Editorial Panes Edltur . trsu Strum
Copy Editors . Nancy thorn-irks. David L t. Luskro
Contributing Editor . . Mark ilrtttttttttltti
Editorial Assistants: littlr Grittlttttttt. lo lrtotiy Slllrtit. Mark l.l‘Vlltll. Wiro Sor~
vice and Events Editor: ttetor Git . Statt wrltnr'i: Gina Atierrti. Sit/(Illtltt
‘Abots. flrll Btuwsttrt.‘llt:ttt Bruiser. Ken Cantor. Trncny Cninrtctrnol. Atntiow
Carroll. Nanny Crriwlrrot. litilnnthtrttrtettt Dir: Brit Fischer. ud'ly Gt-itttot.
Stovo (Emir-oi. Citation M Greene, Leo Grtiunisloln. Torn Ktictttttttis. Amy
Kllgtrs. Dnnrsu Klllﬂlll. llltil) Lovlno. Donna Mtithllan. Cititg Matt‘s. Robott
Marttnriirto. David Mtchaatsun. tlarr Nissan. Laura Nuss. Matt Nichols. Dori
O'Btlan. Rot) O‘Connor. Curl Patttri. Karon t’trout. Phil Pivnrck. Linda Oittnrt.
Liz nirtctt. Mark nossrur. Randy Roth. Elton Santaslero. Lytttto Siupirl. Alan
Suntktn. Muttn Ulup. Mark Wrtuartt. Adatti Willi. Spectrum and Events Editors:

Hunt Ginsburg. Kim Durntiaum
Bottnln Staranl. Business Manager
Hady Brod", Associate Business Manager

News Editor .
Associate News Editor!-
ASPBCIR Editor .
Associate ASPocts Editors
Snund Edllnt _
Vlstori Editor

 

 

    

Yr

 

Susan antlman. Advertising Manager
John Trulrinn. Sales Manager

Blttlnn Accountants Karen Sarrtott. Judy lotot
Payrutlsupurvlsor . Anette Kritluwttr
Ottlca Co-ordlnalor Jeitntlor Bloch
Classified Mannaor. .Mtckey Frank
Composition Manager . Melissa Waisseriitiiri
Advottlslnn Salas: Piiitit FUIVILIH]. Mtltr' Ktt'ItttI't. (ill-(m lti'ttl. Null Sttﬁstndti.
Advortlslno Production Manager ‘- .trurt- ttrrr -. .

Production: lltttttiL-ti Bt'llﬂl ‘trt-llr- lltrtolvtt.'. Jtilto Mirth. E
Vittorith Wuli. Olilcc Slalt: Kitty l’t'li'h‘.

5
E
5
i
x»
a
5
a

 

 

.tin Slovtti.

   

.tnctt Dtttsctting. out/tutu”: Mttlltttjttl

Ctiinl Typosattur Ctittru- liy.ttt
Vertical Cantata llrtl ltrinrttn
Paolo-up: Kelly lliitko. l’dlly Milt llt‘ll, Typlsls: flitl Denney. .JrIII Curmuqu
lttt .r D‘Artunto, Muztow t mot .ionnnr- tiridr-rstm-vo [illititi‘llt ilt‘ylltttti ttrrr
try ttutmr Mary Arum 1 rpm Muir. thllict

fitt'l‘ril’ r|ItrtIt1i|Iit||yltylltttvr‘tutly t’rtoiosrr-wtw .r tuttttli‘trt qtutii)
Cltllrt r'ltttluipnpltor; lttttt‘ Auttt'r UPS Stall: Citritzlt llt'tll‘rll'lll trrttttt litmtrt'k

 

at or r‘..rIr-nr Alli) (:otwo tun-rt. (torn-tr ltzrvrd titrti. . MnJuuttr Kt‘ltllrttll.
Hilary l -tttt- l ti Mrtttt'ﬁir lt lrrt‘i M.t|l.t|itittt. Alttlt lslvttllt' {situntt [:lillllt‘ Mill
(in it .tvnrr l‘ttrirtniono. trawl ltrwrn tt-..i Llirrirnorts l.llti| E‘rportp-t. httttn
filt‘tttltnttit). V.’.tttt-tt ‘iltittl. .lrtlt ‘J tlt‘ltlilltl l.i.|ity thlt out. Will Ytittltrtlt

[tithe puritirittrr copyright l‘JliZi Altiiiiry Studiinl l'ross Corporation. till
rights reserved.
lltt.I Alitltttv iiitttltcltt "IP‘tlI rt: Irttltite.ltt'ti Tttl"itlttyt) 4|I‘l‘ Ftttlttvo ltr‘l'lltttttt
Auqttﬁt and June by the Albany Stuttt-Itt l’tt':.!r Corporation, .rit Illtlt![)t.'lttll!l\l
notvlni‘pttilrt corporation
Ettrtortali; tltt: written by tho [rtrtor tit tjtnirt with ittotrttiois oi the Editorial
Unntil. iiottc tovtew by tho Editorial Board. Advertising policy
does not not: i..irtly tolloct N‘IlUfli'll policy.
Mailing address:
Attrrirty Student Press. CC 320
MOO Washington Ave.
Albany. NY t2222
(Sill) 457-0802l332213389

 
  

F

 

 

 

‘nlm! tar-4 ...<...«......s.................._ .

   

party with billy clubs. large. heavy ﬂashlights. and as if
that‘s not enough. service revolvers at their sides. 1 realize it
was unnecessary for the student to act disrespectfully
toward the Lieutenant. but these men (especially a Lieute-
nant). are supposed to be highly trained and should have
realized they were dealing with drunk college students. No
one acted antagonistically toward the officers and the
Lieutenant‘s violent over-reaction was definitely way out of
line. 7

l guess the real purpose of this letter is to serve as a warn-
ing to the students of SUNYA: Be scared of these men.
They are armed and dangerous. It's frightening to know
that some of our Public Safety officers are ready and will-
log it) use violent force against the students they are paid to
protect. It scetns to me the title for tltcsc officers should be
to avoid it confrontation at all costs. not to es the
slightest provocation into a violent attitck on it defenseless
student.

Worth its salt

To the Editor:

This is lit reply to art article irt last wcck's ASP. l'hc arti-
cle discussed the decision by the Dean of tlic (‘ollegc of
Social and Beliatioirtl Sciences. .loliit Webb, surrounding
the rcttsort why professor .lllDltL‘l M. Zwrttut has been denied
tenure. it is \\ cbb‘s interttton to lead us to believe that Dr.
[Nina's Incl. ol tottrttallstic publications ts tltc main reason
why he will not be retained. it Is also \\‘cirb's Itttlhcr itttctt-
tiott to try to dctn racist rttcttsttttons that it is tltc tlcsigtt ol
the l’rtiicrsttt to slowly phase ill” the .-\lt|L‘:Ilt and Afto-
Arncricurr Studies department that professor Inariu is an
essential Itictrlty urcrnbct ot.

l tint writing this lcllcr to bring to tire attention ol the stu»
dent hotly here at SUNYA \ritioits past cicitts that at least
substantiate the claim prciionsly stated. l‘list. l)i. l’carl
l’rirrrtts. a rckiiown choreographer nrtd dancer. served a
ottc~ycar term here at Albany State. Upon completion of
that tcrrtt she requested to ltc retained and was denied.
reason being that her specialin was ill theatre riot Afro-
Arncrictttt Studies. Having studied under Dr. l’rimtrs l by
rto tttcatts l'ourtd,ltcr lacking iti arty capacity. 'l'o repudiate a
requcst by art already established individual such as site into
a department that was at tltc time scvcrcly understaffed is
highly questionable to say tltc very least. Second. the
dcptir tmcitt aqttircd the services ol‘Licorge l.c sque. a iitari
who arrived here at SUNYA with tenure. it is my
understanding that it is not typical praticc for any faculty

' mcntber iii arty dcpartmettt of tire school to be gratttcd any
fornt ol' pcrtnnnttcy without first scrvirtg some lcrtgtli of
term. Controversy rcsttltcd of this decision to such extent
that Professor l. was disallowed undergraduate
courses and otin tattgltt graduate level. l would also like to
mention the fact that only one other pcrsott iii the African
Afro—American Stttdics depttrtrtietit has tcriitrc and that is
its current eltair.

in summary l would also like to point out that Dean
Snow stated accusations suclt as the ones I have contrttctited
oti are “stupid and irresponsible." He claims as well that
"no ttnivcrsity worth its still would go through a program
clittiinatioii like that.” referring to tire slow phasing out
process i mentioned previously. I guess the question re-
mains to be answered iii the near future. How much salt
does SUNYA really have? t also think that if Mr. Snow
lookcd ftrrtlicr into these matters ltc would find more
responsibility titan irrcsporisibilily. l hope lie is allowed tltc
opportunity to read my statcntcnts since he warrants per
sonal confrontation as his owrt address suggested. ch Mr.
Sitow. sotttc of us do lttivc the nerve.

E
G

 

—Fretl M. I’levln

 

 

:r.
2
r:

"—lhllll't‘lls Griffith

Disgraceful airwaves

To the l‘iilitor:

I wish to bring to light some dlsgra‘d'ul behavior that i
had tltc rttisfortttiic of ltcttrittg o\ci tlte aiiwrttcs of \V('l)l3
‘)l l‘M on Saturday etcnirtg l-‘ebrtrtuy 1‘).

As an aiid Albany State (heat |)artc basketball fan. i
ttrrtcd into tltc station to hear tltc broadcast of the Dane-
ltlttica ball game. l am a senior and it was a sentimental
game since it was the last orrc at home. Unfortunately. l
has not able to attend tuysclt.

Much to my Lllsltttt). there were tcclttticul problcitts with
the transmission forcing the broadcast to be interrupted for
most of thc game. I was quite distttibcd by the attitude
displttycd met the air by tltc deejay in the studio at tltc
llltlt'. it Mr . (fraig Marks. He began by commenting tltnt the
game itself was tticaninglcss and wits roinctl irt cucklirig
lttttghtci t_\' it second inane lrttliiidtral. Mr. Marks coit-
tittttcd by making light ol tltc tact that It was scrtiot‘ intuiti-
casters l'hrl I’itnick and Howard Strtrdlcr's Iirtal ltorttc
panic as it team and their wertt c\cir further to brake tt
rcdiculottsly crude and tincttllcd for remark about tltc pair

that kiiid ot itrcsponsible bchtitror should not be
tolerated. it is demeaning and degrading to tile station in
gettcral. lf \Vt‘l)ii chooses to be a respectable ltXl-tvatt
ritdio station iii the Albany broadcast community. their it
must act accordingly. I feel that in tltc interest of the.
tioit. Mr. Marks who had such distasteful words on the air
about two fellow broadcasters who ltavc devoted four years
of dedicated coverage to the University‘s sports sccrtc
sltonld be booted off the station immediately.

—Mare l-ltispel

 

 

 u. ‘4‘... :3 Jules

 

