 

   
   
   
   
   
    
    
      
    
      
     
    

attempt to resume full'se’rvice in spite of the fact
 that its drivers are still on strike. w _
Greyhound drivers rejected a paycut that 'the company

V ,tried to force down their throats. As Christmas approaches,

these striking workers face the threat the air controllers fac-
‘ ed two and a half years ago— having their jobs obliterated
and their cause discredited and forgotten. '

At SUNYA, the teacher's union and the Student
Association are working to make sure that ‘doesn’t happen.

At a press conference just before Thanksgiving. SA
President Rich Schat‘fer announced that SA would discon-
tinue selling Greyhound tickets until workers return to
work with a faircontract.

Schaf fer is absolutely right ‘when he says that the struggle
of Greyhound workers is the struggle of Students. Students
are in fact the emerging workers and it is in their interest to
fight arbitiary corporate power. I

Greyhound is not in ﬁnancial trouble. 0n the contrary. it‘
has sizeable profit margins. But other, more specialized bus

' companies have been selling tickets for less.

 

T wo days  Greyhoundgjannouneed it was going to V

 

ting the wages of Its workers In order to bring its rates in I

line‘swith Industry rates. Greyhound did the expected: It
tried‘to force wage cuts on its workers. -
Theniuch heralded economic recovery is now rolling

(along. Ronald Reagan and his Iaissez faire henchmen pro-

mised a. larger share of the economic pie for everyone. Ap-
parently. the recovery is not being shared by Greyhound
workers and other workers like those at Chrysler.who also
recently struck.

Still. the sentiment abounds. encouraged and afﬁrmed.
by the spokesmen for corporate power who run our coun-
try. that workers and unions are obstructionist. dragging
honest businessmen down with greedy demands.

Ironically. this view exists in the working class itself.

, which has been duped into believing Reagan represents

‘ Faced with the options of reducing its huge proﬁts or cut-

their interests.

Greyhound workers negotiated their wages fairly, and in
a time of supposed economic expansion they certainly
deserve to reap whatever reward they can get.

The myth of greedy workers harming the economy and
consumer interests must be broken. Any rational examina-

tion would reveal that corporate power — and salaries —

H are predeom

lnant. . ‘

SA,..wIth its” enlightened stand in solidarity with the
Greyhound drivers. hastaken an important step againsl
further domination of‘ our society by the forces which now
control it.

As the holidays approach. we urge SUNYA students to
remember the plight of the Greyhound workers and their
families. , .

Students should boycott Greyhound until it achieves a
fair settlement with its workers.

Gribble. Gobble

00. One boo to Residential Life and one boo to the
rest of our fearless administration leaders for their
planning this past Thanksgiving vacation.

You see. the good ’ol' guys and gals over at residence
locked the dorms at 5:00 p.m.. while the last classes cndcd
at 5:35 pm.

Most students were long gone by 5:00. But those few in.
trepid stalwarts that stayed were faced with a proposition
that was nothing to be thankful for. With locked dorms,
they had to carry their belongings on their backs. like
pilgrims. as they afﬁrmed the right to attend all their
classes.

We surmise that in this p.'"ti':l.tlar case. the birds people
went home to weren't the only turkeys around. [i

 

 

 

 

 

COLUMN

Reform is 3

Election Day. Nov. 2. I983. in South'Africa ended with
an all-white electorate representing 2.7 million eligible
voters giving Prime Minister P.W. Botha a mandate to
create a three chamber legislature changing the all-white
Parliament into a t rec-tier one which will include the
representatives of the two and one—half million so—called
Coloureds (people of mixed race descent) and those of the

- ‘ one-half million Indians (people of Asian descent).

Bojana Jordan _

As in the past. no provision was made for the 26 million
Black African majority population. Both the Coloureds
and Indian were not "there" in the voting booths to say
whether or not they wanted to be in the three-chamber
legislature. This very “limited sharing of power" with their
white bosses was decided for them without their having the
right to vote. However, it is a well-known fact that over 80
percent of the Coloureds and Indians on whom this “shar-
.ing" is being forced have gathered in large numbers at
meetings to express opposition to it. The few leaders of the
Coloured such as Allan Hendrickse who favoured the plan
have been totally isolated by their people. Before the elec-
tions. Hedrickse. whov favored the plan

 

. could not hold any meetings anywhere in the country for

fear of being pelted with stones wielded by Coloured people
who opposed the plan for the new Parliament. Most of this

. opposition was due to the exclusion of the black majority
population from participation in the new tri-cameral
Parliament. Also. many could see that this is no change
from the compartmentalized pattern of society called apar-
theid in South Africa.

What are these constitutional proposals and what do they
set out to accomplish? The Constitutional proposals. of-
ﬁcially called the “Republic of South Africa Constitution
Bill" provide.for a “tri-racial". three-chamber Parliament

.pOIitical fraud .

consisting of a I78 member House of Representatives for“

Whites; an 85 member House of Representatives for so-
called Coloureds and a 45 member House of Represen-
tatives for people of Indian origin. Voting on separate
voters' roll. Whites. so—called Coloureds and people of In-
dian origin will elect members of Parliament to serve in
three separate houses of Parliament. Each house will make
laws in regard to its “own affairs" within that population
group. Together the Whites. Coloureds. and Indians cur-
rently account for 7.8'million or 27 percent of South
Africa’s total population. Looking carefully at the,4:2:l
ratio (White. Coloured. lndian) worked out by the racist
rules of South Africa. it becomes quite evident that all ef-
fective power will lie in the'hands of the current white
minority. Let us note here that the most signiﬁcant and
often not cited edge to this plan is the exclusion altogether
of the majority black Africans in this new racist game. The
totally old "divide and rule" policy of the South African
racists here again comes into play. The underdogs must be
made to light over the crumbs by having the Coloureds bet-
ter represented than Indians. and the Indians better
represented than Africans who are not even in the Parlia-
ment at all. It is expected by the white controllers that these
underlings will be so busy fighting each other over the
crumbs of who has “better representation" that the racists
will be able to get on with their businesses-usual of im-

plementing repression through apartheid more vehemently'

than ever before.

The whole concept of apartheid. which has been univer-
sally condemned as a crime against humanity is based on
conscious balkanization of, South Africa. The
“homelands” were set up to enhance tribalism amongst
Africans. to further accentuate differences among Zulu,
Xhosa. and Sotho. Now it will become even more
disastrous in the revival of ethnicity and tribalism by pitting
Coloured and Indians and Blacks, each against the other.
with the white “master” on top.

In return for their place in Parliament. the Bill speciﬁes
that the Coloureds and Indians will henceforth be obliged
to join the army through the draft or conscription. Prior to
this the South African army has been an all-white affair.
This has placed too much of a strain on the small pepula-
tion of white youth whom the rulers would like to relieve
and send to college. 50 we do know the enrollment of non-
whites into the army is another motivation for “sharing
power."

The term "sharing power" is another false. sadistic
designation similar to “homeland.” Prime Minister
Botha’s aid. when questioned recently about the new pro-
posals. admitted this when he ﬂatly stated. “It is necessary

for the balance of power to remain in the hands of the,

Whites. Let us get away from the myth that we are dealing
with power sharing here." Actually the proposals bestow
almost dictatorial powers on the President who will be a
white person from the ruling Afrikaaner Nationalist Party.

 

 

A urns Err EARL‘I 1N rite ‘lemz To
s'rAia‘r \{ouﬁ eeutoz ELUMP, MICHAEL,

 

 

 

 

 

He will be elected by an electoral college comprising 88
members: 50 Whites. 25 so-called Coloureds. and l]
Asians. The Whites in the electoral college thus outnumber
the “Browns” by 30 percent thus ensuring the Stac Presi-
dent will always be White and from the majority white pttr»
ty. His powers and authority include the right:

a. to appoint any number of Cabinet Ministers and Deputy
Ministers and to preside over the Cabinet.

b. to dissolve parliament or any House of Parliament.

c. to proclaim or terminate martial law.

d. to declare war and‘ ake peace.

e. to decide what “own affairs" of a particular population
group are. =' 3 ’

f. to dictate to the Houses of Parliament what legislation
they may or may not discuss;

g. to remove or transfer people in the service of the state.
h. to control the administration of any or all Black affairs.

In addition to these and other far-reaching powers. the
State President will be in control of all revenues of the
Republic. '

When the results of the November 2 elections were an-
nounced. showing acceptance by white voters of the ll'iptlr-
the plan. Prime Minister Botha who will undoubtedly be
the ﬁrst President of the new order said when questioned
about the position of Blacks. “The government now feels
strengthened to go ahead with proper and evolutionary
reform for South Africa...There is no hidden agenda.“
“Hidden agenda” referred to the inclusion in the country‘s
government of the 26 million Blacks living within South
Africa's traditional borders.

Many Americans have been deceived by reports that the
tripartite Parliament was a step toward equality for all itt
South Africa. The Reagan Administaton praised thcsc cort-
stitutional proposals as “contributing to a better
understanding" for its “constructive engagement“ policy
towards South Africa.

Black leaders at home and abroad were in unison in
describing this as “just another political fraud." Dr.
Nthato Motlana of Soweto. a people's leader said. “The
long-term view is not change. absolutely no change." He
emphasized that this new constitution would cause further
bitterness and resentment among millions of Blacks who
feel “denationalized” by the whole manuveur. Iiluck
groups themselves united to protest the Parliament. Two
nery formed groups. both multi-racial. the United
Democratic Front and the National Forum. nttructcd
thousands if not millions of people who categorically rc-
jectcd the tri-racial Parliament. Even leaders ol‘ the
government-created Bantustans or homelands like Chict'
Kaizcr Matanzama, president of the Transkci. condcmnctl
the tripartite Parliament. Gatsha Buthelczi. chicf ntinistcr
of KwaZqu Homeland. said the new Parliament ms "at
dimEcrous and lethal trap" with the Coloureds scrvittll 4"
“the bait."

As a South African exile. kcenly intctcslt‘tl I”
developments at home. I interviewed here in the Ntutht'ml
scores of Africans. so-callcd Coloureds, and Indium trout
SOIIIII Africa during the last three weeks. These. too, \t‘cIL'
in unison in their adamant condemnation of tits Imch
political fraud. The question in many minds is: Will this
“Power-Sharing" lead more quickly to revolution Hunt to
reform?

 

 

 

 

 

  
 
 
 
 
  
   
  
  
 
 
   
 
 
   
  
  
 
  
 
   
  
 
    
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
    
     
   
    
   
    
   
   
    
    
     
    
     
    
    
    
     
    
   
    
  

   

