la '

l

 

 

a C. \_.__,v . ., c . ~m.

.e. a “en—ww

 
  
 

4 Sports October ALBANY STUDENT PRESS E1 OCTOBER 4,1983

 

.. r--.» r‘rx ——r W._..c..,_.m.... ..  .,  a.

. ‘.t'—- sm-.......~._._~__.. -‘- --'

OCTOBER 4,1983 o ALBANY STUDENT PRESS sports October 5

Women in Sports: TherSUNYAC Conference

By MARC SCHWARZ
Sports Editor

Competition is well into its first month in the new
women’s division of the State University of New
York Athletic Conference. -

The SUNYAC, which catered only to men during
its first 25 years of existence, has been reorganized
and restructured to combine the men's and
women's athletic programs of the SUNY schools
under one administrative and competitive body.

This is just another step in the ever-growing world
of women's intercollegiate athletics. Participation in
intercollegiate sports has risen from 42,000 in
1973-74 to over 125,000 in 1981-82. But the world of
the female student-athlete has grown not just in
qtrantity, but in quality as well. The level ofcompeti-
tion and the skills have increased dramatically over
the past decade.

One reason for this increase is Title lX of the
Educational Amendments, passed by Congress in
1972. The law, which affects all phases of education,
forbids educational institutions which receive
federal funds from discriminating because of sex.
Some of the areas covered by this bill provided that
men could no longer be paid more than women for
doing essentially the same Job, nor could graduate
or professional schools set quotas on the amount of
women to be admitted or matriculated. The one ele-

ment of the law which stirred the most controversy '

is the area of funding for intercollegiate athletics.

Physical education and athletics falls under the
“Program and Activity Opportunities" section of the
law. Universities and colleges must provide equal
opportunity to women under Title IX. This means
the budgets for men's and women‘s sports must be
roughly "equivalent". in essence,the law states that
if the women’s programs are one-third the size of the
men's‘ they must receive one-third of the budget. In
addition, the granting of athletic scholarships must
be proportional to the amount of men and women
involved in the program. Since its implementation,

the average women’s intercollegiate budget has
risen from two percent of the men's to somewhere
between 16 and 18 percent of the men’s budget.
Title IX has caused changes other than budgetary
ones. Women’s programs must now get equal treat-
ment. In order to comply 'with sections 86.37c and
86.41 of Title lX, schools must meet three basic re-
quirements: financial assistance. must be
equivalent,men and women must have the same
level of athletic benefits and opportunities, and ac-
comodation of student interests and abilities has to
be dealt with in an equal manner.
Specifically, equipment and supplies as well as
scheduling of games and practices needed to be
upgraded for the women. Previously, women were
forced to wear hand-me-down uniforms and had to
wash and clean them themseleves. Now if the men
have their equipment laundered and cleaned for
them, then the women are entitiled to the same
treatment. Women's teams can no longer be
scheduled for practice only in the early morning or
late at night while the men occupy the facilities dur-
ing the “prime” practice hours. In terms of competi-
tion, the seasons must be equivalent in length and in
the Opportunity for pre- and post-season competi-
tion. Travel and meal allowances cannot differ
among the two sexes. Other areas that had to be im-
proved are the assignment and compensation of
coaches and tutors, provision of locker rooms, prac-
tice and competitive facilities, provision of medical
and training facilities and services, publicity and
recruitment.
in basic terms what Title lX has done is given
women an greater opportunity to compete in inter-
collegiate sports. Through this opportunity, the level
of competition has rapidly increased and is con-
tinually rising. Women are starting in athletics at a
younger age; participation at the interscholastic
level has increased 635 percent since 1971, accor-
ding to the Sports Participation Surveys of the Na-
tional Federation of State High School Associations.
There has also been an 86 percent increase in the
number of sports offered to women over that time
frame on the interscholastic level.The chance to
develop their skills at a younger age and the ability

 

bination was to get t

women with mutual

 

“The primary purposes towards the com-
_ e women and the men

together, not working at cross purposes.
Secondl , it makes for a stron conference,
national y and regionally. Per aps it is set-
ting and example to combine the men and
_ benefits.”
—Pat Rogers, chairman of the SUNYAC
women’s division

 

 

to practice and play as a teenager has allowed
women to make tremendous strides in
collegiate sports.

"The skill level has changed dramaritally. than
particularly true in soccer and softball." said nil
Rogers, Chairman of the women's division at
SUNYAC. Rogers, who is also an assot late .rtlrletit
director at Albany State, added that “It I‘. glaring ii,
the point where we have to cut people ltonr our
squads. While as a coach you don’t like in lime ll,
do that, that tells us there is some Ltrrir'ss out
there.”

inter-

Al Albany there are l0 sports for \volnl-n and ap.
proximately 250 participants, attordlng lir lama“.
Eight ofthe sports- basketball, solrlrall, low a rm...

country, spring track, indoor trat k, surndnri‘lr aaa
gymnastics- have been at Albany rm mad, at...
There have been two recent titltltlttill‘» In rla llllll‘llr
program. Four years ago a stirrer and . Moduli
team were added to the intertollt-gratt- «la. rain.

Albany features it different spirits rm lllt r ilrrrllll
pole in. Ten of them are SUNYA( slitrrl- ..ar. hurl
ball being the only non-conferent 1' team ‘.'. l. a rllr»

SUNY Athletic Conference does for ilir' lt- ill 1 .1”,
ply them with league play anti l)ti'~rl'\t'.l"lll . rr'MpI'lr
tion as well as national exposure througl w. .4...
ference. On the Division ill level, slim \r liar
sidered a national leader as far as ltiiili'lr‘l .. gr.
“I think we are a leading C()lilt‘lt‘lit e. H r tiring

conference nationally. It's well regarded ‘.llr.ill\ .
Director of Athletics Dr. Bill Moore Mlltl |r-,irli'r-
ship is its strength. it's well ahead or tlrr- .rtr'rage
Division Ill conference.”

The conference was formed in N58 and lilt'W'lllly
holds competition in ii sports for men. :\ lilt'iilllt‘i
of the National Collegiate Athletic Awu i.li‘itli as
well as the Eastern Coast Athletic ttrn‘wrwnrt'.
SUNYAC‘s purpose according to llit‘ i‘h‘.’ i‘ttll
SUNYAC Directory is to:

> Facilitate the organization and .I(llii|ltt\li.|[n -n .a .pm-

gram of intercollegiate sports among int-nilwr . r. 1. .;.-«.

v To foster a closer and more whtilt-siilnt' arr r-rr wt..-
tionship among the member colleges.

> To give college students laboratory t'\pI-l r‘lii .» Iii

 
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
  
   
 
 
 
  
 
   
  
   
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
 
   
 

 

 

1

working out the philosophy, organization and administra-
tion of a sports program.

> To serve the public schools as:

a. a model inter-school athletic organization,

b. a source of information and inspiration in regard to the
aims and values of physical education in the life of our
nupils and people.

c. a clearing house for athletic problems.

The initial movement to combine the men and
women under one athletic conference came about
four years ago, according to Rogers. The timing at
that time was inappropriate for such a move, she ad-
(led.

However, in March of 1982, the men's and
women's athletic directors~ from the SUNYAC
schools, as well as interested parties met in Syracuse
to discuss the possibility of a combination.The day
long seminar produced round table discussions
about the pluses and minuses of the proposal and
the financing of such a maneuver. A six person corn—
nittee was appointed to examine the situation.
Those selected were Jessie Godfrey of Bingharnton,
John Spring of Oswego, Charles Crawford former
athletic director of lirockport, Rob Riedel ol
Geneseo, Gall Maloney of University of Buffalo, .rnd
Rogers.

The committee met twice a month during the sum-
rner to formulate a constitution and the structure of
the new conference. in September of last year, the
proposed model was sent to the Campus ()rg.‘rnila~

‘ tion Executives for response. The COEs from the 12

conference schools sent back almost a unanimous
response.

The proposal called for the formation of a men's
and women's division to be under the conference
administration. it was a restructuring of the existing
men’s conference. The plan called for each division
to have autonomy over their sports and to have a
balanced representation on the executive and con-
ference boards. Each member would have two
votes, one men’s and one women’s on conference
issues and the executive board would consist of a
president, president elect, past president. con-
ference commissioner and the chairs of the two divi—
sions.

in the spring of 1983, the full proposal was
brought before the combined group, men's and
women's athletic directors, and was basically ap-
proved for adoption as of September 1, i983. Cor-
tland was the only SUNY school to hold out at the
beginning, according to Rogers. Cortland did ap-
prove the combination, but too late to have their
women’s teams join the conference this year. The
Red Dragons will be members of the women's divi-
sion in 1984-85, Rogers said.

Competition has been approved in seven sports
for the women's division-Championships will be
held in cross-country, indoor and spring track,
basketball, swimming and diving, soccer and soft-
ball. Tennis will be added to the slate in the fall of
1984.

Albany State basketball Head Coach Mari Warner
is excited about having her team compete in the
conference. "I’m very much excited about it, the
reason being it gives us a better‘opportunity for
post-season competition. It will help our program
and it gives women sports better coverage. When
you combine with the men you get better
notoriety," she said.

The women’s basketball championships will be
combined with the rnen’s championships and will
be held at the western site this year. For the first
year, the logistics ofthe women’s division will not be
‘he same as the mens’s because Cortland is not par-
ticipating, thus leaving an unbalanced amount of
teams. After this season, the men‘s and women’s
division will be identical in set up and will hold their
tournaments together, according to Rogers.

Albany State head soccer coach Amy Kidder also
sees a bright future for the new conference. "i think
it is good. It's considered postvseason competition.
which is good for our girls. The SUNYAC in the
future may give us more visibility. Establishing the
conference will help us in the long run," she ex
plained.

However, Kidder is disappointed with the initial
*‘lliinment of the division, "The way our structure is
set up, there are only six teams in the SUNY-\t‘ llil“

 

s' ‘t ‘ ‘r‘lsursurrw’a

 

CROSS COUNT .
baits-id 
times will a

strainer:

socceit: the no .te ms r9,
West will inejetoriOctober 29
the championship satire.

ma

BASKETBALU WhenCortiand iotris next year, the
alignment will be the same as the men's with the
championships held together at the same trite.
‘This year each school will have to play a cross;
over game because there are only it teams. "

INDOOR. TRACK: Chainpionships will be com
bined with the inert and be held on the same day
at the same site.

SWIMMING AND DIVING: A threevday Charit-
pionship from February 23-25 to he held at
Geneseo. These will be separate from the merits

ferent weekend.

 

year." The championship will be a one-game playoff
between the top team from the east and the best
from the west. "As a matter of fact, I was not in favor
of the crmference until there were eight teams," she
added.

One area in which most of the women coaches
and administrators are pleased with is the way the
conference was restructured to give the women
equal footing in the conference. "I like the way they
have it set up. They went back and started from
scratch,” Albany State’s softball Head Coach Lee
Rhenish said. “They have women at the same level
as men. We feel comfortable knowing that we have
equal representation and equal vote.”

Equal representation has been an important issue
for women athletic's over the past few years. In
1971, the Association of Intercollegiate Athletics for
Women was formed with 280 charter members. The
organization was the governing and administrative
body for women's sports. In time and with the help
of Title IX, AIAW grew into the largest athletic
association in the country with over 900 member
universities and colleges.

According to Ann Uhlir, executive director of
AlAW from 1979-1982, the prupose of AIAW was
“the development of an athletic governance model
designed for female-student athletes that reflected in
every detail the notion that competitive sports ex-
periences enhances the education of females".

AlAW and its regional organizations, such as the
Eastern Association of intercollegiate Athletics for
Women enabled women to become athletic aci-
ministrators and gain experience in running an
athletic association for women. Sponsoring cham—
pionships in 41 sports, AIAW was an organization
run by women, for women. .

However, the AIAW's life was short-lived. The
NCAA began in 1979 to look to combine women's
sports under their governance. in October of that
year. the NCAA appointed a special committee to
‘make recommendations regarding admitting
women into the NCAA. At the January 1080 conven-
tion, the NCAA concluded it was feasible to do so
beginning in 1981-82. This signaled the beginning of
the end for AIAW.

When the NCAA held 21 championships in l2
sports for the 1981.82 school year, membership in
AIAW dropped 20 percent. The prestige and
revenue the NCAA had was to much for AIAW to
combat. A lawsuit by AIAW against the NCAA,
charging the NCAA was violating .thrust laws, was
denied by federal District Judge Thomas 1’. Jackson
in l'ebruar'y of last year. AIAW was forced to (low
its doors on June 30, liltiJ. ":\s of Wednesday we
are a dormant organization. We will retain our
members without further assessment of dues," tllrlir

   

m

SUNVACChampionships which are held on a dif~ ‘ '

    
    
 
       
   
   

 
 

0‘5”?

 

  

said at the time in a statement to the press.

Now under the auspices of the NCAA, women lost
the one thing that AIAW gave them, autonomy over
women’s sports. Women’s intercollegiate sports are
no longer run and operated by women alone, they
must now also answer to the NCAA, a male
organization until 1961.

“We only have one vote with the NCAA. One
vote per institution," Rhenish commented. There is
no separate vote for the men and for the women
regarding NCAA policies, just the one institution
vote. That is one area that has female administrators
concerned. They are not long-standing members in
the NCAA heirarchy and some feel that the interests
of women sports are not being given enough
thought.

"I feel we (women) have been assimilated. Our
programs have different kinds of needs,“ Rhenish
said.

it is that specific point that has Rhenish disturbed
with the‘ NCAA, that has drawn praise from women
administrators in the SUNYAC. The conference has
taken into regard the differences between the men’s
and women’s programs.The set up of the two divi-
sions each with control over their sports allows the
women to maintain leadership and govern
themselves. “it is a step in the right direction,"
Rogers said. “it is an example for other people to
follow.”

Rogers added that Binghamton’s Women’s
Athletic Director Godfrey has been approached by
other Division III conferences about the SUNYAC
combination of men's and women's sports.

“The primary purposes towards the combination
was to get the women and men together, not work-
ing at cross purposes. Secondly it makes for a
stronger conference, nationally and regionally.
Perhaps it is setting an example to cornbin the men
and women with mutual benefit," Rogers «rid.

“It strengthens the SUNYAC," Moore said. "It
gives us a chance to address matters as a whole, not
as two splinters. it also provides an assist to the
women's programs by having the SUNYAt‘ people
help with organization. _

"It's simply working together. i think it’s another
step forward in having men and women together in.
stitutionally. It’s a real plus for us at the ad-
ministrative lt'\t‘l, sc'llt‘tltllllig and financing ‘ be ad-
(led.

As the SUNYAC women’s sports progrr lti their
first season, the future of the SUNYAC anr omen's
intercollegiate sports. as a whole seems l. ’u. The
continually increasing particiaption ltorir youth
level on up should help to smooth out not ntacles
that lay on the road ahead. l.i

 

 

  

 

 

