"".‘.‘«.ﬂ.m‘~‘¢g¥m—L cum-H .m' ' "

v4:

1....“ ,V

79." ‘

 

 

 

 

 

‘3qu _,

 

g,“ ‘n‘WwM-nW4 “mm o
tr wc~memmum- as...“ .

 

 

 

o the Editor:

1 would like to thank all of the students who turned out
. vote this past Election Day. Contrary to some television
ports. student turnout at the on campus polling places
as above the local average of 37 per cent and off campus
as not that much below this ﬁgure. Tlte State quad
legroom experienced a 52 per cent and the Gym had a
how or 4] per cent of those registered this past year.
There are several issues which i feel need to be addressed
1 this time. First, the harrassment and the hassles tltat
omc students received at the polls were not uncommon for
n Albany Election Day. in fact. usually it is worse. The
card of Elections. in their infinite (or finite) wisdom

ymandercd back in September. Most residents of Dutclt
uad were placed at the Thruway House. This font up
aused students to be delayed for at least an hour and a

tall.

Some buff cards or registrations. mostly from summer
orientation students, were discovered to be missing. causing
me to raise serious questions over the processing of these
fortits. One student from Alumni Quad was even threaten-
ed when he went to vote. SA worked very hard on this voter
campaign. only to have the iioard of Elections tltrow the
election into utter chaos.

The inisplaeement of buff cards and the election district
screw tip could have been avoided if Commissioner Kinlcy
of the Board would have taken my advice. in letters of
September 26. October 24 and November 3. l requested
that these mistakes be corrected. I even sat at the lloard on
Tltursday and Friday before Election Day to correct these
cards. Unfortunately. I was only speaking to a brick wall.
The result of this were the major problems of Election Day.

Students should also realize that they do not have to
register here to vote. You can vote at home by absentee
ballot. bttt sometimes that ends up being a large hassle.
Voting in Albany allows students to be a credible consti-
tuency of the local Albany community.

Students should not be discouraged by the hassles of this
past Tuesday. They should be proud of the fact that they
now have two on campus polling sites and hopefully will
win a third. They should also take advantage of this error-
mous opportunity. The main point is that students should
be proud of their actions on Election Day. Although there
were several students who laughed or snickered when asked
to vote. the majority exercised their right and displayed
commendable citizenship. The local press could ttot even
come up with one valid story to criticize Albany State
Students.

On a ﬁnal note. l salute all who added credibility to our
cause by voting. i also have to say I ant proud to represent
this student body. '

Thank you!

. — Richard Schaffer
. Student Association President

Quiet Riot
To the Editor:

We would like to take issue with several points made in
Mr. Betz' article entitled " Quiet Rot". although we must
admit we thoroughly enjoyed reading the article.

We thougln the Quiet Riot concert was very good. but
even if we didn’t. we feel Aspech has dotte students and
Quiet Riot great disservice by sending our art unprepared
reviewer who then devoted a large portion of his article to

reviewing the audience rather than the concert.

How date a writer review a group he ls'so unfamiliar with
that he doesn’t even know the names of their songs. Also.
the audience. as the article said, did consist of some young
high school students. but there was a substantial number of
SUNYA students in attendance. and not everyone there
was wasted.

Some of the talk by the lead singer was slightly adoles-
cent. but most was completely inoffensive and served to
personalize the concert. Without some kind of perfor-
mance. in between and during the songs. we might just as
well have sat home and listened to the album instead.

Journalists are supposed to do some research on their
topics. go prepared to whatever they're covering. and be
cautious not to judge by first appearances. We hope that in
the future Aspects will encourage reporters to familiarize
themselves with their subjects so that their articles will be as
informative as they are enjoyable.

— Ellen Schoeut'eld
— Kathleen Cromer
—- Lisa Pantano

Position losses

To the Editor:

We noted with interest the story on the proposed SUNY
imdget in the October ll issue of the ASP. While the
figures iii the article appeared to reflect accurately what was
then otrr preliminary analysis. the headline was quite
iitislcnding.

'l‘hc lieadlirtc stated that “SUNY budget proposes cut of
l,l()() positions." in fact. tlte budget does not propose
tltcsc position eliminations. Rather. it recogni/cs the fact
that SUNY's current budgetil'or Will-X4) requires its to do
so Iliis yr'rrr. l‘ 'cn rttorc important. it is correct that for next
year we are requesting that fill) of these positions be
restored.

SUNY‘s ' oily and staff position losses over recent
years have been quite severe. The effects are felt not only itt
academic programs, bill also in such essential areas as stu-
dent serviccs and building maintenance. We itopc iri our
next budget to correct some of the imbalance.

—— Clifton R. Wharton. .lr.
Chancellor State University of New York

On Feminism

To the Editor:

When i opened the November 9. l983 issttc of the ASP I
was pleasd to see the issue of Feminism getting well deserv-
ed coverage. Althouglt i do not consider myself an active
Feminist l have always strongly supported the primary con-
cerns of the Fctrtinist Movement; those being fair treatment
of wontcn. and womcns' safety. i have also in the past at:-
tively supported the ERA and womcns‘ safety groups.

As i started to read “A Woman's Perspective" by Libby
Post my enthusiasm gr ‘atly dirninshcd. i felt that Post's ar-
ticle was not one of Feminism but on Lcsbianism and
hatred of inert. Post gave tltc impression that many inert are
rapists and sexual abusers, This. of cottrsc. is not the case.
Marty riicrt may be ignorant to the plight of women. btrt few
are rapists.

l’ost also stated that bcittg a lesbian was fun; is that to
say that being a heterosexual is rtot fun'.’

Post is to be commended for all that she has tried to do,
but if i’osl anti the editors of tltc .«tSI’ would like the issue

 

layt awry ‘
nil}. “

,cﬂspectcs

Established in into
Merit Gun-r. Editor II! Cliiei
Patricia Mitchell. Llu Strain. Manaprnq Editors

News Editors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .stovu Fox. Anthony Stttiur

Jerry Campionn. Horrtl Grultn
. . . . . .. ,.  .Glllanlttill

.. DavoL L Laakln.Joitn Kntiririn

. . . . .. .. Joitua Nnctralrt

. . . . . .. . Kon Dornbaunt
. . Toni Kncundos. Mark Luvirin

Anaciate Sports Edltnra . . . Mare iteininn. Kotth Marnnr
Editorial Plu Editor . .. .. . . . Edward nninna
Copy Edttou: . . . . . . . . .Glnny Hutiot. Artnotio Frirot
“0'00!!th Editor. ... .. ...... .. . .... . Ert Mnrusstcii
Contributing Editors: nan l'tetz. Debbie Jurinu. Wnytto Pouroboorti. Editorial
A: iltantl: Jane Anderson. Dunn Chang. Don Garttiiitur. strive Marker. .tiin
O‘Sulllvan. Stall writers: Jane Anderson. Ian Clornonts. noisy Ecan. ltonalti
Brunt Catalan. Bort Gordon. Hobart Hayna. Ertc ittnrlln. Nicole Keys. Mlltitii
Ku". David Mlehnulaon. Chtlallno ltotlult. Lil‘ Hutch. Shortnh Sable. r-riin
Silverman. Alan Soinitin. Ian Spelling. Mlku Tniitilrib, John Ttiortiurrt. Parry
Tlaehler. Kalth Van Allen. Math Wilaard. Adam With. John Willmott. Spectrum

Edliorl: Elton Fitzgerald. Rant Ginsberg

Nedy Broder. ﬂusirmss Manager
Judy Tor-l Associate Business MIIIItiVBI
Jane rlcrr. Advarl/sirrg Manager

Mike Ktllrnor. Stiles Manager

 

Billing Accountanta . L|5xi| Clllylliilll.ndlltiilti nt‘itiIi
Payroll Supervisor ay Primes
Oiltco Coordinator Susan Mosknwrtz
Clnsailtad Mrtnnnar , . ,. Jiiitniloi illocii
Composition Manager .... . Mtcktiy Frank
Advertising Salon: Mark Stiaanittn, Bot) Curr-air. lilclt Gutdort. Stove LIEIDOI‘
rnan. Danielle Karnml. Advertising Production Managers: Julio Mark. Rhonda
Wolt Advertising Production: Artry Altnisoitn. Jack orittio. Loo Erickson.
Mickoy Frank, Elarrto Ftllttttil. trait Kerr. Linri Mrtlut Ia. i’aiuri Marcus. Ellyn
Muto, Sharon Okun. Cillltil) ilytlll. Lynne Sinuol, . tivtitt Zurnnr

Holly Froall. Production Manager

Cirtattypuettur .. . . . . .. . (Ltlttrtrllyatt
Pill“!qu Dortan Agiitnt. uunn Kent, Sharon Mriylinn, Sun Pilljlllll y, Doti

. itrirtthor Sttrtttnrir, l‘lrna Vultllu. Typlue: Jun Cariorroltt. .lorirrrin
Giltiulliil‘tivn. Lrtrtcny Huytliilll. Ginny Huber. Fulton Klaus. Suo Milltnttn
Chaulla :l'zric notl

Photography principally supplied by University Photo SONICD. a student

in
Chlnl Photograph-r: Susan Elttino thtieh. UPS Stall: Amy Cohen, Sherry
Lao Connn. Ctrrrty Galway. Philip Hack. Kattny Kirsch. Rachel Litwtn. i’toliort
Luctmy. Ed Marussictt. Lots Mnttatioul. Barry miichor. Lisa Simmons. Lauren
Sliltlt. nnlllili Saucy. Erica Sptilnnl. Wnrion Stout. Jaittari Valentino. Jason
Zoppnl

Entlra cont-int- copyright was Albany Student Prau Corporation. Ill
rights taunted.

The Albany Stuttnnl Fraser ta [)liitliililliti Tuesdays ttnrl Frtrlnys tiolwoon
August nrttt Juno tiy ilirr Albany Sttitltrnt Fiona Corporation. itrt inrlntinrtrtorrt
not-lot pioltt corporation.

Editorials are written by tho Editor In Chiel witii innintiera ot Iiru Fttitortal
Hoard. policy is subject to ruvtuw tiy tho Ertrtoiittl llrinrrt Ctlltitllltii urn wlliltm
tiy tnorntiors oi the university community and do not necessarily represent
rirtilorlril poltcy Advortiairtn trolley does not nonriasrtrlly rriltor.t editorial
policy

Mnilino atttlross:
Albany Stiidant Fruits. CC 320
1400 Washington Ave
Albany. NV 12222
(bill) 457-080213322/3380

 

 

 

of Feminism to be taken seriously it shold be covered in a
' way that focuses on the issues and goals of Feminism and
not the personal life of one individual Feminist.
As Post stated. Feminism and Lesbianisrn are not
, synonymous and should not be treated as such.
— Cindy Etsenberg

Graduate View .

To the Editor:

in regard to the article of November 9 “SA Proposes new
fee for Graduate Students." in my opinion there is a large
difference between the facts and what the SA ofﬁcials
would have us believe.

SA‘s Vice President Jeff Schneider said that many
graduate students make the use of SA services at SA's ex-
pense.

The article suggests that graduate students use the ser-
vices of SA attorney Mark Misltler. However. if you read
closely you see that Schneider did not say that graduate
students are currently using the services of Mishler. He
simply states that graduate students could use his services if
they paid the fee.

SA Comptroller Adam Bursky said in regard to legal scr-

‘ many graduate students cotrte to Misbler for ad-
vice hciore signing a lease. Witilc this may be trite. and i
don‘t know since I wasn‘t there. the fact is that the ad-
ministration already provides this service through the off
campus ltottsirtg office to llil students withortt regard to the
activity fee.

llrtrsky mentioned that SA funds SASU arid NYl’lRG
two groups which fight for graduate students rights. it is
ironic that ltarsky should choose these two groups since
they are in fact funded by it number of student organiza-
tiotts including graduate student associations throughout
the state. not exclusively through SUNYA SA.

liarsky also said. “Many graduate students already make
use of SA service without paying anything for them." The
fact is that services provided to tax paying undergraduate
students are ttot provided to graduate students at the same
rate. Graduate students ptty art additional charge per event
just like everyone else. so graduate students are not getting
freebies now.

Libby Post. SA Media Director believes that SA should
represent all students to provide services as one united
group. Post claims that an independent graduate associa-
tion could not occurr at SUNYA "at anytime." even
though such an organization exists at SUNY Buffalo. What
‘kind of thinking is that?

What these elected officials of SA are really trying to do
is get graduate students to foot the bill for increased ser-
vices for undergraduates.

While some graduate students would like to participate in
undergraduate activities. the majority have interests and
commitments that lieelsewhcre. The graduate students that
wish to can pay the fee on a voluntay basis.

Let the make it clear that i am not against the idea of
establishing a graduate student organization. but i fail to
:see how the SA really ltas the graduate students best in-
itercsts in mind.

The fact is that SUNYA already has several gradttutc stu-
dent orgitnirntions within the different graduate schools
designed to tttect the specific needs of tltcir respective
groups.

The decision to have a campus wide central graduate
organi/ation attd how to fund it sltotrld be made by tltc ad-
ministration and interested graduate students ttlrcttdy ill-
volved iit their various groups. not by undergraduate
students who are looking for an additional source of in»
CUIllL‘.

i will be titecting with the administration to offer them
the graduate students poittt of view. If tlteic are any other
members of tire university community who would like to
assist "it please feel free to call 4(i3-2ti7li.

—— Mark tingle

Big success

To the Editor:

Now that I finished trick or treating aitd ‘uting all of my
Halloween candy, i want to thank all of you ghosts and
goblins out there who helped make this ye r s Telethon
Children's llour littllowcen party such a spook—tactrlar suc-
C055.

Matty thanks go to Mr. ll's l‘ir/a. Dunkin' Donuts of
Western Avenue, Colonel Poppintpopcorn of Northway
Mall) and UAS for their food donations. Also thank-you to
the Delta Sigma Pi pledge class for their itelp. especially
Rena l.owenbruun.

'l‘hank-you. also. Alumni Quad for having us when we
couldn‘t find a place big enough to ltonse tis. And finally.
thank-you to all of you who came out and chapcrotted. ran
a game. or from outside handing out candy. t can hottestly
tell you the kids appreciate it evcit more than i did!

— Bruce Levy '
Co-Clirrr'r Children '5' Hour '84

 

Express
yourself in a letter to the editor, 350
words rrirr.\‘imrmr, and include your name
and phone number.

 

 

 

