 

 

.‘G

 

MA Y 3, .1983

Stickmen rebound to top Buffalo State, 13-12

 

By Mark Wilgard

STA FF WIN TE

 

Lacrosse is a game that requires speed.
skill. quickness. and above all. endurance.
The Albany State men's lacrosse team ex-
emplified all of these qualities this past Satur-
day as they beat the Buffalo State Bengals in
a thriller. l3-l2.

Don Casadonte was his ttsual terror self. as
he led the Danes with a “double hat-trick":
three goals and three assists. Bob Venier also

   
   

 

had the hat-trick while Dave Cerny added
two goals. including the game winner with
2:27 left in the fourth quarter. Albany is~now
6-3 and riding a four game winning streak.
The Danes tallied first on a goal by
Casadonte midway through the opening
period. However. Albany would never see
the lead again urttil they scored the game win-
ner. A couple of defettsive mistakes in tlte
Dancs' own end enttbled Buffalo Stttte to
walk offthe field with a Z-l first qtturtcr lcrtd.
The Bengals increased their margin to 4-]

.W

a.
'“rruv’u t x

ED MARUSSICN UPS

The Albany State lacrosse team showed great character by coming from behind
to beat Buffalo State Saturday afternoon. 13-12.

Albany trackmen race past H

 

By Tom Kacandes

kl)! I'URM L ASSIST/INT

 

A cotnblnation of strong winds and lack of
stiff competition slowed the winning times on
the track where the Albany State men's track
and field team routed Hamilton by a score of
l02 to ﬁt at University Track last Saturday.
“This was not a high pressure meet." said
c ptain Paul Mancc. "The only pressure was
on those people who still have to qualify for
post-season tttcets."

The lack of pressure showed in the shot prrt
where Dane thrower Bill Nason took first
place with art uninspired loss of 14.30 meters.
Sitttilurly. Mttrc Mercttrio won the disctts
with no trouble. Rctttrrtittg after at short
layoff. Mercrrrio threw tlte disc 44.24 meters
for first place honors. Dane thrower Ken
Yanncck got third place for his throw of
39.l2 meters. It was a different story irt the
lratnrrtcr throw. where the Contincntrtls ltrtd
their strongest performance of the day. 'l‘otn
Lambdin threw the hammer 49.6 meters, well
over the torrglt national qualifying mark to
take first place. overpowering Mercttrio in his
mark event. Mcrcurio‘s solid toss of 45.5
meters took second plttcc honors.

ilntnilton also won the javclin itr another
strong performance. Steve Morrison took
lirst with a throw of 5l.l9 meters. Albany's
l’ctcr Mario's toss of 49.35 meters got sev
cond.

Despite these sctbncks Alhtrny went on to
dominate the jtttnps and the hurdles. Dunc
vaulters ch .latucrson and Jeff (itrrzirr took
first and second respectively iii the pole vault.
Jamerson's winning iteigltt was IJ'tl".

It was a big day for Mancc. who won both
the long jump and triple jump. Mance's
superior winning leap of 6.56 meters In the
long jump demolished his previous personal
best of (2.37 meters. “l was kind of surprised

"I 2‘ mom“, a...” . .
0...». 40.: .,r. . . . ,..

    
 

p.- r mm '

myself." said Mttnce. Bill Waring jumped
6.l9 meters for third place. Later. iii the tri-
ple jump. Mattcc pop. pop. popped l3.52
meters to take first place.

Dane httrdlcr Bruce Vttn Tassel won built
the hurdle races for the third straight time
this season. Van Tassel ran virtually alone in
the llO-mctcr high hurdles. where his wintr-
irtg time of 15.4 seconds wtts almost three ftrll
seconds ahead of the sole lltttttiltott cutrunt.
Later. Van Tussel led art Albany sweep of the
400-metcr intermediate hurdles. winning it ill
58.5 seconds. Rej Jarncrson attd Bill Waring
took second arid third. respectively.

ltt the first rcltry event. the Albany team of
Mike Riggins. Pat Saccocio. .lolttt Reilly. arid
Eric Newton walked away frortt their
llamilton counterparts to win the
4x100-meter relay. Albany then \chl the
lSOO-rnetcr rttn. Sophomore .lirtt l-Itwin led
the race frottt the gun. sctting the pace iii the
stiff wind. Dunc 'trptuin Nick Sullivan was
unable to catch L-‘rwin as botlt kicked ittto the
wind on the hotncstrctch finishing first tllltl
second, with Albany's Noel Woodbrtrtt tr dis-
tant tltirtl. Envin's winning titnc was 4106.4
to Sullivan's 4207.0.

The Duties also dominated the sprints. go-
ing one-two in both the 400 attd l00-tnetcr
dashes. Captain liric Newton labored iii the
wind to take first itt the 400 with his time of
51.0 seconds. Senior Scott Sachs finished
close beltittd. taking second in 5|.(t seconds.
Mike Riggins won the l00-mctcr drtsh. break-
ittg the tape ltt 11.0 scconds as Part Succocio
lctrrtcd out llmnilton's (ittgnon to take se-
cond place. Botlt runners were tinted ut ll.3
seconds. Riggins later blew off (iugnon irt the
200-rnetcr dash. wlmtlng that event in a slow
23.l seconds.

Hamilton bounced back to win botlt the
flOO-meter run ttnd the 5000-ntctcr run. “Just

Admission. r; g k‘m‘lr'ar

and the Danes were being stymied by the
superb play of Buffalo State goalie Bob
Slate. "We had to start shooting well; he was
making great saves," said Casadonte.

Albany made it 4-2 whctt Venier put in a
beautiful over the shoulder goal. with an
assist from Casadontc. “That was a fast
break goal." commented Venicr. "Don just
fed it to me on the wing.”

The teams trttded goals ttnd the Danes
trailed 5-] at the ltalf. Rick 'l'rizttno scored
Albany's third goal when he ptrt u sltot by
Slate on a pass frortt .loe Paliscno.

The third quarter was tnarrcd by botlt con-
troversy and cxcitetnertt. A tenacious Buffalo
State learn ntade it 6-3 at the 45 second mark.
Kenny DaRosctu it to 6-4. putting rt dribblcr
by Slate at 5:38. But once again the defense
faltercd. resulting itt a 7-4 Bengal lead at
6:09.

Back and forth the teams went. as
Ccrny tripped itt a pass from Casndontc less
than a minute later. rttakirrg the score 7-5.
DuRos pttt in his second goal of the period ttt
8:30. and tire electricity was ﬂowing on the
(item Dane bench.

Albany tittruty got the tyittg goal on a
power play two minutes ltttcr. David Faust
took it pass from (‘asadontc. who was sta-
tioned in his customary position behind the
net. Faust put it itt. arid the Duties were roll-
ing now as the game was all cvctt at 7-7.

The furious pttccd third qttarter then took
a ttrrn for the worse. At ll:l0 the Bengals
regained the lead on a controversial goal. A
delayed penalty was being called on Albttny
when the ball ltlt the post. then tltc ground
and went rigltt lttto the ltnnds of a Buffalo
State player. He scored. making it 8-7. bttt
the Danes felt the whistle should ltuvc blown
as soon as the ball hit the field. They received
no such ltcip frottt the officials. “it was sad
for botlt teams that the game was tainted by
poor officiating," said assistant coach Gary
Campbell. "Both learns were ltttrt equally by
it."

to take a break." BOO-meter ace Nocl Wood-
burn ran the l500-tnetcr run. leaving the 800
to Bill Brower of Hamilton. who led from the
tape to win itt a slow titne of l:59.ll. Albany's
Tony Rizzo moved too late to catch Brower
on the wittdy hotncslrctch. and finished se—
cond with another Albany rtrnner close
behind.

Superior Hamilton tactics also prevailed in

 

An Albany bench penalty soon after that
led to another Buffalo State score and the
wild third quarter came to a close with the
Bengals leading 9-7.

The fortrlh period is where Albany showed
its determination. Twice they fell behind by
three goals and fought back. “The rttnning
we did all week in practice really paid off."
Casadontc said. “We just didn't give up."

An early Buffalo State score tnadc it 10-7.
but two quick goals by Vetticr and Crtsrtdonte
cut it to l0-9. and there were still over 13
ntintttes left to play.

A relentless Bengal team came rigltt back
at 2:23 to make it ll-9. and a power play goal
ttt 2:58 gave Buffalo State their fourth tltrce
goal advantage of the day. "We weren‘t ex ’
pccting them to be this tough." commented
Ccrny. "We just came out itt tlte fourth
quarter determined to do it."

Rich Staracc tttude it 12-10 with an
unassisted goal at 6:58. Two minutes Ittlcr
Casadontc cotnplctcd his hat-trick and
Albany suddenly was trailing only by one.

Then. with 2:50 remaining. Vcnicr found
himself all alone itt front of the Bengal net.
l'le netted his third of the day and Albtrtty
finally tied things up at l2-l2. "The ball was
behind the urge. the goalie ltud it. btrt Duvc
(Ccrtty) hit ltittt ttrtd the btrll popped rigltt itt
my stick." described Venicr.

Twenty-three seconds later. thc Danes sent
the llengnls honte as a wide open Cerrty
slurtttned ltotne the winner. Albany had cotnc
away with a ltard fought lit-12 victory.

“We showed a lot of character the way we
came back." said a happy Albany hettd
coach Mike Motta. “Trizano had a great
garttc facing off. attd overttll it was a good
day."

Campbell added. “It's been the sattte thing
all year; We came through when we had to.
We just otttltustled tltctn that final quarter."
One quick look at some statistics reveals this.
Albany had the edge in grottndbulls. til-49.
and in shots on goal. 58-32. l i

amilton, 102-61

the SOOO-meter run. The Albany distattcc
squad cotttrollcd the race all the way ittto the
third mile. wlterc Hamilton's Mike Brown
sttrged away frortt frotttruntters tan Clements
and lid Mc(iill. "l was really surprised at the
way he took off." said Clements later. “He
just used us to break the wind and left with
three laps to go. i should have followed
him." Brown's wirtttitrg titttc was 15:36.3. | .l

 

ED MARUBSICN UPS

The men's track team had no trouble In defeating Hamilton Saturday afternoon.
The Danea were vlctorloua. 102-61 despite being slowed by heavy wlnde.

 

 

 
 
 

 
 

4

VOLUME LXX

 
 

Cinema board faces additional

 

By Heidi Grail

SDI/19 ll'lfll'ER -

 

Six University Cinemas executive board
tnembcrs accused of stealing 53.500 in movie
revetttres have been referred by SA to Jttdicial
Council and tire under investigation by cartr-
ptrs police at the direction of the Albntty
County District Attorney. SA ofﬁcials said
yesterday.

Since SA's discovery last week that the
rttottcy had been taken. SA President Rich
Schat‘l'cr said that, tltc situation has
"snowbnllcd."

"It grew frottr where i thought it was only
a few dollars when .lcff (Schneider, SA Vice
President) infotntcd rttc of it. to being
$1.500. and rtow it has gone from inside SA
to tire university to tire cottttty to across the
state." Scltttffcr cxpluittcd.

“At this poitrt it's otrt of our hands."
Schneider rtotcd.

SA lrrtd made it!) ugtccrttcttt lttst week with
tltc cxcctrtivc bottrd stipulating tltnt if it” tltc
tttortcy is returned by May 13 nt l2 rtoort. SA
will rtot prosecute.

"The agreement ." Scltttffcr asserted. “was
littll rtt tire llrrtc we (SA) did trot want to pro-
secute. but we did rtot guarantee that there
would be no prosecution frorn lrigltcr
sources."

SchtIffcr said when the agreement was
made. he expected the administration to
mandate action with judicial council. htrt ltc
did ttot forsec any prosecution.

He added that he ltttd infortncd the ad-
tttittistratiott of the situation early this week.
ttrtd ttpon their suggestion. he had referred
the executive board members to judicial
council.

The six students irtvolvcd are University
Cinemas President Bill Braddock. Treasurer
Michael Krotnc. and executive board
tttcrnbcrs Micltttcl Abncri. .Irty Lustgnrten.
Cuts Ribciro. and Rise Show.

Braddock. Lustgartcn and Shaw rcfttsed to

 

 

    
 

 

Friday

May 6, 1 983

 

ERIC SPIEGAL UPS

SA President Fitch Schalter at ticket tables before Unlverslty Cinema show

 

Cinema .. w Ira.

 

comment. The otlters could not be reached.

Schaffer noted they were all “really
scared."

He said that he preferred that SA. rather
than the adrninistrntiotr do the prosecuting at
judicial courtcil. “i think the administration
will just be tough." Schaffer maintained. "I
will be tough bttt compassionate..l know ttll
that they’ve already suffered."

Dealt of Stttdcrtt Affairs Neil Brown corn-
lllr‘lldL‘d Schat'fcr on handling the situation

".vltun'lrrrllerl " to include .I-Iimrrrl referral. DA '.v in l't'.\‘lij.'tllfnlt.

"‘vcry responsibly."

Brown said the Judicial Council sends tltcir
rccorntnendatiott to the Student Affairs ()f»
t'ice wlterc a firurl decision is tirade. He noted
that the outcomes on arty judicial case ‘tlll
rungc front a disciplinary warning. to proba-
tion. to rcstitrrtiort. to suspension. to
dismissal. which is irreversible.

Browtr added tlrnt the .illtiicitli Council
plans to get to thistrs quickly as possible. The
earliest it would be dealt with is tltc tttlddlc of

NUMBER 24

next week.

Brown reported the situation to the
District Attorney earlier this week. He con-
tended tlttrt as a slate officer. he was required
to do this.

Chief Assistant District Attorrtcy Daniel
[)wycr said he has irtstructcd the University
Police to cotuluct a “general investigation itt
order to ascertain if ccrttritt people have
broken the law."

He said the agreement Schuffer made with
tltc executive board. which Schaffct claims is
still binding. has no bearing on whether or
ttut tltc District Attorney decides to pro-
sccttlc. "Thnt couldn't ttltcr the fact that n
crirttc was connnittcd. It could have an effect
on it possible plctr or plctt httrgrrin negotia-
tion." l)wyer cotrtrrrctrtcd.

This issue iltlS rcccivcd cxtcnsitc local
media coverage. Kt‘ornc ptrblicrrlly rtdtnittcd
‘ iii the \\'cdnt.-.xduy edition of thc Sr'lrvnm'mdv
t'r'rrzr-I/r’ liltll ltc had taken tltc tttortcy.
“Whatever I deposited was the deposit. But
it's but that along the way it didn't all get
thcrc." he said.

"The books were really it mess." Schuffcr
noted. "they were kccpirtg their owrt
numbers and handing irt phony ones." SA
becurttc aware of this rnrtttcr when, several
weeks ago. art informant brought it to their
attention. SA officials refused to give the
name of the informant. Tltc executive board
had pocketed the tnoney by "l'udging" tltc
tnrtttbcr of tickets sold listed on tltc
manager‘s streets; Krorne was periodically
handing out ertvelopcs with tip to $30 in
them. according to Schat'fcr.

Scltaffer said that all six rnetrtbers had ad-
tnittcd last week that they had taken the
money.

Schaffcr srrid he's taken several steps to
rectify the problem and prevent recurrences
itt the future. lie‘s contacted SA's insurance
rrgcttt about the possibility of bortding the

Danes will host NCAA national championships

 

By Marc Bertnan
.\'lelI llklllz’k

 

'l ltc Albany State campus is waiting with ,
anxious anticipation as the eighth annual
NCAA Division III National Tennis Chant-
pionship hosted this year by SUNYA for the
first time in the school‘s history will begin
this Monday. Mary 9 and conclude Sunday.
May l5.

A sum of 86 of the fittest collegiate tennis
players iii the country frotn as far away as
California to us close as Rochester. NY. will
be bringing their ruckcts to Albany to corti-
petc in the most prestigious spotting cvcttt
ever to be held here.

“This will be the first nationwide tout'nn»
tueut tlrnt our campus has ever been involved
in so we‘re nnturnlly \ct y excited about it."
said the 'l‘our’nrrtncnt Director llob Lewis
who is also irr his twelfth yearns (itcnt Dunc
tcnnis couch. “We're also very honored to
be selected us the \itc of the tourney."

The officials conducting the tournament
are hoping to attract huge crowds of not only
SllNYA students. but of the local residents
irt the men. lllcrtclrcrs will be provided on the

 

 

 

 

 

 

seat the throng of spectators.

Albany State Sports Information Director
Marc Ctrrtttirtglttttrt has worked hard itt
publicizing this national event. He informed
the ASP that trot only local and state media
will be covering tltc event. btrt so will tltc nn-
tionnl media including The New York Times
and the two wire services UPI and AP.

Tltc fortnttt for tire Division “I Tennis
(‘htunpionship has bectt changed this yctrr. in
past years. the learn clunnpionship was
awarded to tire learn which scored tltc most
points itt tltc individual singles and doublcs
totrrntunertts.

This ycttr. for tire first little. eight frtll
learns have bcctt selected to participate in tt
scpttrrttc “tcrrm clunnpionslrip." which will
take pltrc- font May ‘)-l l.

The individual singles and doubles churn-
pionships will their follow. beginning on
'l‘ltur‘sdny. May It. ntul concluding Sunday.
May [5.

The format was uttered by tltc l'l‘t'A (ltrtcr
t‘ollegintc l‘cnuis ('ottch Association) to
allow for n “truer l‘ttlli clunnpion.” accor-
ding to Lewis.

()ttl of the eight clubs competing in the
tcnrtr ciltttllltittnsilipx, l'our tttc frottr t'ulil’or
rtiu.

The entries are ('ttlil'ornin University (San-
tn (‘rtt/i. t'nlil'otnirr llnivcrxity (Sun Diego).
ll of Rerllnnds (California). (‘lntcntont-
Mndd. (instuvus Adolphus (Minnesota).
Ktlltllittl/Uti(Michigtllli. Swttrthmorc College
(Pennsylvania). and it of Rochester. which
will be the only representative of New York.

The favorite going irtto the tcrrrn lttlll‘llil"
ment is Rcdltmds. who is ranked tnttttbcr one
by the lTCA power ratings.

Redltlnds boasts two players who are rrtnk-
ed at the top of the lTCA singles rankings.
.loe Alamomnd -Erlc‘ Mlcltaelsott. Though

Micltttclsott is ranked one. Alurrto is favored
by many to take the \inglcs tournament
which will irtchtdc (:4 players.

Tltc dark horse learn to watch out for is
another California squad. (‘luirrnont—Mudd.
Their tnost l'cur'cd player Donovan .luncs.
who won tltc championship irt Witt httt sat
ottt last year. will probably go far too.

The only dumpcr to tire tournament is liltll
no Albany players were selected. First singles
Barry chinc. who has competed the past
three years. was chosen as first :tltctnutc this
year.

“Sure I'm disappointed for not being
selected httt unfortunately i didn't lttrvc the
best spring season." said Levine. it would've
been nice sirtcc I‘m graduating arid won't be
able to compete in these sorts of things
anymore."

As first alternate. if one of the 64 players
fail to show up. Levine will get the call.

"l'rn still practicing. just itt case btrt lrcal-
ly don‘t count on playing.“ said Albany's
first singles player. But I'm pleased that il'.~
being held ltcrc. It's great exposure for the

>

 

tied up botlt before tting, he explained.

 

“Maybe he krtc

 

SCIliCSlCl‘.

.1 am.

 

Armed robbery at Alumni Quad;
cash, clothing, and radio stolen

'l‘wo students were robbed at gunpoint by ttll unknown assailant irt n Waterbury dorr
nritory room at about 8:30 p.rtr. \\'cdnesdtry. according to University Police.

No ortc has been apprehended irr connection \\ilil the crime. police said.

The assailant reportedly httrgcd into the opcrt Alumni Quad room and nabbed >57.
some clothes. and ti Walkrrttrn tntlio. llc itttx been tlcsctibvd ltyftltritcrsir) Police-h .I
block Illttit'. \lllticlllvtlilt‘ti. 5‘7". about lot) “ix. treating a blue juckct. bluc icurrs. blue
cup. white stit‘ttkctx. stocking musk, tlllti armed with a revolver.

Uttchtxil)‘ l’olit'c l I. David l’rcndcrgtrst clrrirrrcd that thc assailant entered the room
"looking for drugs ttllti money." according to infottuntiott obtained by the \it‘liltlx.

Wlulc the robbery was itt ptogtt‘ss. the victim‘s roommate entered. and tire .rsstrilrutt

The students were freed by at student who stopped by their roortt shortly afterwards.
The crinte was then reported to University Police.

According to l’rcndcrgrtst. the perpetrator picket] on that rootn for specific reasons.
something we don't. " said the officer.

The robbery is currently under investigation by [University Police. To date.
l’rendergust said. there has not been tttty previous incidents of this type on campus this

The lieutenant added that two officers patrol the downtown campus cvrrry night until

9D

 

 

  
  

 

