  

 

i
i.
i,

 

 

t.

»~ ma...

 
  
  
   
 
  
  
  
   
   
   
    
   
 
   
 

  

     
    
 
    
  
   
  
 
  
  
  
 
   
   
    
   
   
  
     
  
 
   
   
  
   
  

 

 

women swimmers take second in Dane relays

By Michael Skolnlck

The Albany State women’s swim-
ming team opened its season last
Saturday by hosting the Great Dane
relays. The Danes placed second
overall in the Iii-team ﬁeld, a mark-
ed improvement over last year when
the team ﬁnished eighth.

Ithaca College came in ﬁrst
overall, earning a total of 158 points
to Albany's I35. Ithaca has a
powerful swimming team which
competed in the Division III cham-
pionships last year and had won the
three previous Great Dane Relays.

In the different events scheduled
Albany won two gold medals and
three silvers, a dramatic improve-
ment over last year when the team
managed only two third place

ﬁnishes.
in the 200-de freestyle relay the
team of Sheila Fitzpatrick. Ellen

'Gottlleb, Carole Elie and Carol

Pearl ﬁnished ﬁrst in a time of
1:473. Coach .loe Shore com-
mented, "This was an excellent
time. only three seconds away from
qualifying for the NCAA Division
III Championships."

in the ZOO-yard medley the squad
earned its other ﬁrst place ﬁnish;
The team of Wendy Cedar, Linda
Cerky. Elle and Kristine Monahan
combined for a winning time of
2:07.12. What made this victory
even more signiﬁcant is that three
of these four are ﬁrst-year swim-
mcrs here at Albahy.

in the 400de freestyle relay,

Harriers finish 141th

By Dean Chang
5 lion/ALASSISTAN

The Albany State women’s cross
country team ﬁnished a respectable
I4th out of 25 teams at Saturday's
Eastern Championship held in
Willimantic. Connecticut. The
strong showing has the women
looking forward to this weekend's

. NCAA Regionals.

The team's 14th place ﬁnish is
slightly misleading; only ﬁve points
separated Amherst College and
RH, the 12th and 13th place
ﬁnishers. from Albany State. Given
the times recorded by these three
teams, Albany would have beaten
the other two in head-on competi—
tion. “it was primarily the displace-
ment of our runners by the other
teams that made us ﬁnish where we
did." said Coach Ron White.

The tournament was won by Cor-
tland State with 61 points; Albany
was far behind with 331 points.
These post-season meets have less
emphasis on the team's perfor-
mance. The women are running as
much for themselves as for the
team.

Karen Kurthy once again led the
team. covering the 3.1 mile course
in 19:03. The time was especially
noteworhty since the winding. hilly
course was tough on speed runners
like Kurthy.

“The course was all hills," said
the co-captain. “The hills hindered
rne timewise because there was no
place to recover one’s speed and
momentum."

Sophomore Donna Burnham
gave her best performance since
coming back from a foot injury
three weeks ago, ﬁnishing in 20:04.
“Donna has been coming right
along." said Kurthy. “I'm not sur-
prised with her comeback; Donna's
been working hard and she always
had the ability."

One of Coach White’s goats this
year was to lessen the time differen-
tial of the top ﬁve runners. The
Easterns was the closest the team
has gotten to his goal. Burnham's
time was only 53 seconds better
than their ﬁfth runner. Erma
George. Kurthy, Burnham. Maura
Mahon, co-captain Bette Dzamba
and George ﬁnished 20th, 58th,
91th and 92nd, respectively.

Despite the narrowing of the time
spread, there were still 33 runners In
between Burnham and George. “it
was a very tough ﬁeld." com-
mented Kurthy. "With 145 runners
out competing, It got pretty confus-
ing."

The team is practicing this week
for their last meet of the year. the

NCAA Regionals, which will be
held at Cortland State. The tourna-
ment will determine which runners
will go on to the NCAA Cham-
pionships; White gives Kurthy a
remote chance of qualifying. “if
Karen has a real exceptional

outing." said White. “She just
might qualify. But it would take her
absolute best effort.”

Burnham also thinks that Kurthy
might qualify. “1 really believe that
Kathy has a good chance to qualify
for the nationals." said Burnham.
“She's been working hard all
season and she could peak right
about now." ’

The team won't be going into this
tournament expecting to win.
“We're just trying to have a pro-
ductive meet to wrap up our
season," said White.

.s.....~...,...,..._.‘..........- ..  .. .. .

,. _  .4934”? sTupENTPREss u NQVEMBERQIQM

the Danes ﬁnished second overall
and broke the Albany varsity record
with a time of 3:59.92. The swim-
mers were Fitzpatrick, Nancy
Smith, Pearl and Gottlieb.

in the diving competition. Jane
Klotz and Wendi Waldman com-
bined for a silver medal. Shore said,
“Jim Serbalik. the diving coach,
has worked with Jane and Wendi;
he has brought them along very well

 

,- MM In

«Amoco

  
  
 

:. t ME...“

and feels they have unlimited poten- and we feel they are ready to be
gm," taken." .
The ﬁnal silver medal was earned Coming off last weekend’s per-
In the zoo-yard butterfly relay by formance. the team has everything
the team of Mary Anne Schmidt. to look forward to. Shore remark-
Elie, Pearl and Gottlieb. ed. “l'm excited about coaching
this group of girls because they are
Upcoming for the Danes this so dedicated and enthused about
weekend is an away meet at Skid- swimming. We look forward to the
more, who handed Albany a defeat remainder of the season with an-
last year. Shore said, “We are look- ticipation and increased
ing to avenge our defeat last year. conﬁdence."

  

in...»

v a "lesson -' '

on“!!!

1‘ t1 WM, ‘t bun.” 
is ‘ '

UPS
The Albany women's swim team got their season undama'y with an Impressive showing in the Great
Dane relays, where they finished second out of 18 teams.

 

ea! 3“
taste ofseugm'"

 

  

. ~‘~ ‘ dance/inn:
Whentheb v:ﬂ;lngtel7U

ance
Seven &

WWW:

Seﬂﬂi‘ﬂimnrs


w
swat ( Crown

   
    

r stis with the
1’! Real chart toppers,

  
    

K3 l983 SWBIIAM lilSitl iUIS C0 . N i , NV AMERICAN WliISliLV-A llttNll lit] l’liOﬁl
"Sevenlln" and “MW” are trademarks of the Seven lip Company

, , j. &
COOL mtg in moderation—the pt‘
on

 

ever stirs w
Seven

 c .
' with the light
tr dunn- fever.

ith

7l/i." It also st
rfcct partners [4

  
 

35‘
[date ufsvtlilmm'" 7

   
 

Smgrum's

 

 

 

 

'Fatherandson start makin

' omwmﬁﬂunauw m...

.m‘mm

 

“35% Keith Mardar

CIA TE SPORTS EDITOR

 

The weather was miserable, and the game

was far from thrilling, but still, when number.

71 hit the ﬁeld for the Buffalo Bulls there was
one man smiling from ear to ear.

That man was Frank Giacovelli, father of
Buffalo defensive tackle Mark Giacovelli.
who has set up residency in a Buffalo motel
for the duration of the Bulls' season.

Due to his military career and his job as a
pit-crew worker on the Nascar racing circuit,
the elder Giacovelli was separated from his
son for 14 years. He now feels it is his duty to
sit through the cold. the rain. the snow or
whatever else it takes to see his son play. “I
was away all of the time and i never got to see
him play in high school. so i told him.‘when
you play in college 1 will go to every game‘,"
said the dedicated father.

it doesn't stop at the games. Frank is out
watching the Bulls' daily practices. in addi-
tion to that he travels to every away game.

Frank has seen drastic improvement in his
son. thn Mark enrolled in Buffalo, he was
6’1" and a slight 175 pounds. in order to
beef himself up enough to play on the varsity
squad he started an extensive weight-lifting
program.

in one year’s time Mark bulked himselfup
to 220 pounds. making him large enough to
compete at the varsity level. One year later he
found himself as a starting member of the
Buffalo squad.

He took over the starting job in the fourth
game of the season. In his fourth,gatne as a
starter he injured his knee. which caused him
to miss the next game at Norwich.

As would be expected the injury was not a
pleasant experience for Mark. He had just

 

 

ED MARUBSICN UPS
Frank Giacovelli and son Mark Giacovelli are seen together following the Albany-
Buiiato iootball game. The two had been separated for 14 years.

won the starting job and was losing it because
of an injury. not because of poor play.

This turn of events discouraged Mark. His
father. who is his main motivator. is doing all
that he can to encourage his son on the com-
eback trail.

NOVEMBER 9.1983 Cl ALBANY STUDENT PRESS SM 19

9 up for 1 4 last years

“He wants me to ct back in there. That

ideﬁnltely makes it easier." said Mark.
’ Mark doesn’t take his father being around
for granted. "1 just like to see him happy.
He’s done a lot for me since he's been up
here, ﬁnancially. it's really nice to have so-
meone watching you. I try a little harder
because i know he's counting on me. I want
to make him feel proud. because I know he
gets a real kick out of it." said Mark, show-
ing appreciation for what his father ls doing.

Mark is not the only one who realizes that

what Frank is doing is great.
‘ Leona Jones, head housekeeper of the
Buffalo Manor Motel. said. "I think it's
grand. I take special care of him; he's a
WP."

After Victories. l‘rank can he found
cclcbrnting with the team at 1111C. a local
Buffalo bar. This year the liulls have had a
lot of reason for celebration its thcy have
compiled n 7% record.

At the completion of the season. Frank
will puck the bug he has been living out of for
the last I0 weeks and go back to the racing
circuit in Charlotte, North Carolina. This is
where he works for the likes of Cale Yar-
borough and Harry Gnnt.

Then it will be goodbye until next year.
Unless. of course. Mark could take the time
out to see his father in action.

"l have some interest in racing. and i
would like to get out and see it." Mark
said. III

Dane harriers tune up for NCAA Regional meet

 

By Tom Kacandes
SPORTS EDITOR

 

The Albany State men’s cross country
team passed up the State Championship last
weekend to rest and tune up for the NCAA
Regional Qualiﬁers to be held at Cortland
this coming Saturday.

The State meet was held on the University
of Buffalo’s 5-mile course in 3 inches of snow
and cold. windy conditions which slowed the
times somewhat. The team results were of
particular interest to the Dane harriers who
kept warm by working out in the tunnels.

SPORTS BRIEFS

White tops Purple

it was downstate 2. upstate l, and one tic
in the annual Purple—White intrusqnud var-
sity basketball scrimmage, held last l’riduy
afternoon at University Gym.

The White team, composed of players
from downstutc and couched by head couch
Dick Suucrs. won the ﬁrst two quarters of
the scrimmage, which was actually four
separate 10—minute gutncs. Wilson Thonms
led the White lctllll with 20 points. while
Pete Gosulc added Iii and Danny Crouticr
chipped in 13. (iosuic led all reboundch
with eight, \vhiic (‘routicr and freshman
Adam Ursprung cuch hauled in four boards
apiece.

For the upstate Purple squad. Dave
Adam led with 17 points as he shot 7 out of
10 from the floor. John Mracek added 14
points, Greg Hart 13 and Jan Zadoorian 11.
After losing the first two quarters and tying
the third, the Purple came back to win the
rourth quarter.

Soccer SUNYACs

Cortland State defeated SUNY Bingham-
ton 2-1 to win the title game of the men's
SUNYAC soccer championships, held Oc-
tober 29 at Cortland. For the victorious
Red Dragons, it was their 10th conference
crown.

Cortland, who finished 14-2-1 on the
year including a 1-0 win over Albany. had
beaten Fredonia State in the semiﬁnals.
while Binghumton had upset Buffalo State.
the number one ranked division ill team in
New York State. it was Cortland’s ﬁrst

 

cout'rn-ncc championship since 1981.

Sierra won with a score of 31 points by plac-
ing all 5 scoring men among the mect’s top 10
ﬁnishers.

Division 1 Siena, however, will not be
among the teams competing with Albany at
the Regionals for the top 3 places that qualify
a team for the Division 111 National Cham-
pionships next week. The Fredonia State
squad that won SUNYACs ﬁnished second at
the States with 81 points with their runners
much more spread than usual. Despite this.
Fredonia remains the heavy favorite to win
the NCAA Qualiﬁers because of their con-
sistently strong team which boasts several

 

in addition to taking the conference title.
the Dragons placed two people on the All-
Confercncc squad while the (‘oloninls had
one. Albany led tlii East Division Icarus
with three Ail-SUNYAC players: defender
Michael Millcr. who was the SUNYAC lr'nst
Player of the Year. forward Tihztn l‘rcsbic.
who was the Duncs' lending scorcr and the
only freshman in either division named to
thc tcnm. and midfielder .lcff lluckctt.

Wrestling tourney

The always successful Albany State
wrestling team will open their 1983—84
season this Saturday as they will host the
(ircut Danc (‘inssic wrestling tournament.
Thc tournament. which lost year attracted
wrestlers from over 20 schools from around
the cast. will begin at 11:00 am in University
Gym.

Upcoming events

The Albany Great Danes close out their
1983 football campaign Saturday afternoon
as they visit Marist College. The 2-7 Danes
were knocked off by Marty Barett and the
Buffalo University Bulls Saturday aftcr~
noon. 15-13...The women's volleyball team
will compete in the State Championships at
Binghamton Friday and Saturday...The
Albany men's basketball team will travel to
Springfield on Sunday for their ﬁnal
preseason scrimmage. The Danes open the
season November 18 as they host CCNY in
the ﬁrst round of the Capital District Tour-
nament...The Great Dane Classic wrestling
tournament will be held this Saturday at
University Gym. The Classic, which will pit
wrestlers from over 20 schools around the
cast. will begin at 11:00 am.

 

I

:hampion truck runners who are now
seniors.

The Danes’ biggest competition after that
will be the Rochester Institute of Technology
team which ﬁnished second to Sicnu, and
ahead of Rochester University. several weeks
ago in the LcMoyne invitional. RlT com-
petes in a special conference that includes
RPI and has avoided going head to head
against Albany all season. Said Dane runner
Ian Clements, “We don't really know what
to expect from them. l'm not even sure what
color uniforms they have."

An interesting development at the State
meet was the marked decline of Rochester
and RPl who had been big challenges to
Albany's bid for a spot on the plane to Na-
tionals. Rochester finished a distant third
bchind lircdoniu scoring 172 points in the
meet. Asked about Rochester. Dane captain
.lim Erwin. who is 11 Rochester native, corri-
mentcd. “They have been running a lot oi
meets and training very hard, but they don't
have the studs they used to. I think they
might be burning out." Albany OIIlDillL‘t'ti
Rochester at the Albany invitational without
an cstrnordimuy effort. Suid Clements. “We
could hunt them again."

The other now—troubch former threat is
local rival Rl’l. The Engineers had a grcttl
day tll the (‘upitnl District mect where they
beat III] incomplete Albany squad three nccks

Slana won the State meet last Saturday,
NCAA Regionals this weekend.

.130. Key in the RP! victory was Scott
LeMay, who had his “best race of the
season" against Albany and ﬁnished second
for RPI that day.

At the State meet LeMay ﬁnished an in-
credible 75th overall and fourth for RPI. in
addition Steve Shattil, the Engineers' ﬁrst-
man, wasn't able to break into the top-10. it
may be that LeMay is running injured or has
burnt out. Without him, RPl has little
chance against the surging Danes.

Unless RPI suddenly puts it all together, it
looks like iv‘redoniu will be out front. with
Albany. Rochester. and RlT scrambling for
second zmd third place.

According to Coach liob Munsey. his team
is ready to give it their best shot. "This team
has proved u lot to me and if they have a
good day, we'll be in there. The guys are
rested and amazingly enough, we’ve gone the
season injury-free."

'l‘ln‘ lt‘ltlti members themselves cwdc u
qntct confidence. Snid Dunc cup: £III t'hris
Callnci. "Skipping the States has :ilixm cd us
to form on the Qtlttlifius tutti tittuic just
how badly wc want to go to the ‘A'zttionui
Championships. We‘ve done well .ill ‘.L'.ih()ll
and o'c‘vc been building front week to neck.
so tin-ic's no reason why wc can’t Lin it. but i
don't want to say anything that'il bzing on
bad luck." Ll

 

L0 MARUSSIurt UPS
but won't stand in Albany's way at the

  

     
          
         
          
    
         
         

