 

G
3
>9

.. . .... . . . ﬁve . :v'.."" ’ﬂvp-vxr'u . l.‘-m~4-v..

u, .
aha...” . .... .. .

6 Sports November ALBANY STUDENTPRESS El NOVEMBER 15, 1983

DaneScombine guard strength, frontcourt d

‘need out there,” Sauers commented. "He handles the ball well; he’s very

 

 

‘I  ’

 

 

4 5
In double figures consistently this year for the Danes to be successful.

"He's got to put up about 15 shots a game for us, rea’lrstrcally, Sauers em-
phasized. “Dave is our best outside shooter. I think he s got a lot more con-
fidence in his shooting than when he started two years ago, and he should
have a good year."

"I worked hard over the summer on my shooting, and now I have a lot more
confidence in it,” Adam said. “Last year there were a lot of times when the
guards got outplayed, and that was one main reason we lost games. I think
there are going to be very, very few games when our guards get outplayed this
year."

The frontcourt is much more wide open as far as starting positions go, with
only one set starter and the other two positions up for grabs.

Senior co-captain Wilson Thomas enters his final year at power forward.
Thomas has extraordinary leaping ability, and the Danes will rely on him to im—
prove on his 9.4 points and 5.8 rebounds per game average of last year.

"We need a consistent performance out ofWilson game after game,” Sauers
stressed. "We need a consistent rebounding and a consistent scoring perfor-
mance. i would like to see him contribute a lot more off the offensive hoards
than he did last year. Dieckelman was by far our best offensive rebounder, and
i don’t have that now."

The small forward position will be occupied by junior Jan Zadoorian, who
played shooting guard last year averaging 5.9 points and 3.4 rebounds per
game, and freshman Adam Ursprung, who has impressed Sauers in the
preseason and will battle Zadoorian for the starting slot.

"One of the reasons he (Ursprung) will play is that he is a very gootl re
bounder,” said Sauers. "He’s got a nose for the ball both on the offensive anti
defensive boards. Being only a freshman he's going to make some mistakes out
there that a freshman would make. But I think that we’ve got to ride with thr-
blows. We need him  he’s only going to get better."

The postman replacing Dieckelman will he a big job for any one of three
players, all of whom seem to have an equal chance of earning the starting spot
and all of whom will see lots of playing time.

Junior l’ete (josule (2.9 ppg, 1.3 rpg last year) had an impressive showng in
the Purple-White intrasquad scrimmage as he scored l4 points and l)tllll‘tl
down eight rebounds. It is his rebounding that concerns Sauers.

“If Pete was a good, solid rebounder at both ends there would be no (ltit'Nr

tion in my mind that he’d start, because he’s got the court intelligence that w-

Women cagers have quickness, youth in 83-84

< 5

fifth place team in the eastern division won't quality for postseason competi-
tion. in the postseason tournament, the number one team plays the fourth
place team in their division, the number two team plays the third team, and so
forth. (In the western division, one plays six, two plays five, and three plays
four.) The winners of both‘ divisions-then play each other for the SUNYAC
Championship in late February.

The Danes have a 24 game schedule this year, the longest they have ever
had. "Our schedule is long and hard but I’m very happy with the new
SUNYAC Conference. It gives us a chance to play in postseason competition,”
said Warner. Among the obstacles in the Dane path to the SUNYAC tourna-
ment u! » .ome very improved teams.

“Oneonta, Plattsburgh, and Oswego are probably the toughest teams we.
have to face. They are always good and have improved even more this year,”
Warner said. Two more interesting games this season will be against RPI and
the College of Saint Rose. Last season, Albany defeated CSR 57-49 in a stunning

 

“Our lack of height won’t permit us to
work inside too much. We’ll have to rely
on our quickness.”

—Mari Warner

 

 

come-from-behind victory, and defeated RPI 58-53 in a close game. These two
wins gave the Danes their first Capital District Tournament Championship in
the four year history of the tournament. This year’s Capital district Tourney will
be on February 17 and it} at Albany and the Danes will be shooting for back-to-
back championships. Other exciting tournaments include the Manhattanville
Tourney on December 3 and 4 and the SUNY Albany Tourney vs. St.
Michael's, Vassar, and Castleton. The Danes opened their season Friday night
against the'Capital District Cougars, a local AAU team.

The women’s basketball program is under the guidance of third-year coach
Warner. After a disappointing rookie year as assistant coach, Coach Warner
piloted her team to an impressive 14-6 record and a IOth place finish in the
state, barely missing the playoffs. She seems very enthusiastic about this year's
team. “Overall we look very good. We have a lot ofdepth with thirteen players
who can all contribute. We're going to need good ball movement from our
guards, tough rebounding from our frontcourt and a lot ofaggressive defense.”

Part of the reason for Coach Warner's success is, her ability to get things

done. At the end of last season, she vowed to go out and recruit some height to
go with her quickness. "Barb (Shipley), Kim (Kosalek), and Loren (Coleman)
are going to have to contribute for a successful season.” These three freshmen
have an average height of 5'8" with Kosalek at 5’10".

Coach Warner offers no predicitons of state championships but does envi-
sion a successful campaign. Last season, she had hoped to finish at .500 and
finished at .700. if her success rate continues, she could finish at .900. “Higth
doubtful, but we will be up there,” comments Warner.

it should be an exciting and successful season for Coach Warner and her
Great Danes.

 

 

Wm_,__.....~.._....m. , ..

 

 

NOVEMBER 15, 1983 El ALBANY STUDENTPRESS   7

good in our transition game."

Junior Greg Hart (3.5 ppg, 2.7 rpg) also will play a key role at center and
power forward. Hart, known mostly for his defensive play and strength last
year, is becoming more of an offensive threat.

“His shooting and his offensive moves have improved a little each year that
he’s been here, and he is our best defensvie player," Sauers said of his 6'5” big
man. "He provides a lot of muscle, and we’re just going to need him in there
for defensive rebounding a lot of times because he does get the boards."

Also competing for the center spot will be sophomore newcomer John
Mracek, a transfer from Union who traveled wtih the team last year but did not
suit up for the games. Mracek should also provide a lot of bulk, according to
Sauers.

"As far as strength goes he’s the strongest guy we've got,” Sauers noted. "He
doesn’t always rebound well despite his strength, What John Mracek’s strength
is is he’s a great outside shooter. You can’t leave him alone out there.”

Individually, none of the three will be able to dominate a game the way
Dieckelman did. But collectively, they should provide variation and depth and
must produce for the Danes in llitifl-tM.

"They all have different strengths, they've got to complement each other and
I've got to get them in there at the right time,” Sauers said,

Rounding out the roster will be three players up from last year's ltliilt)!’ varsity
squad whose coach, former (in-at Dane player liarry (jayanaugh, is now
Sauers' assistant.

 

“Last year (here were a lot of times
when the guards g0! outplayed. I
think there are going to be very, very
few games when our guards get
outplayed this year. ”

—Dtrve Arlum

 

 

 

Doug Kilmer, a backup guard, will fill a reserve role at both backt'ourt posi-
tions.

"Doug Kilmer is probably going to see .i lot of time at both second guard and
point guard,” Sauers forecasted. "Doug is an excellent shooter, and I expect
him to fill the role the way Dave Adam did for a couple of years » generally
coming off the bench and playing at both of those positions. He’s a good, in-
telligent player. I think he’ll help."

The other two players up frotn JV are J] Jones and Brian Kauppila,

"They’re a lot better players right now than they were last year," Sauers
stated. "Early in the season they may not get a lot of playing time because as
the season develops, I expect them to work their way into a more playing time
role.

"One of the question marks last year with our bench was that if we got
behind and we had to use those people on the bench a lot, we really didn’t
come from behind well because they couldn’t contribute any scoring. I think
that our bench is capable of contributing some points this year. That should be
a plus to ’us.”

There are a good deal of positive things to expect from the Danes in 1983-84.
But for them to qualify for a postseason tournament there are a number of
questions that must be answered.

Number 1: Can Albany overcome an apparent lack of rebounding strength?
“i think the biggest question marks we have are going to be our rebounding
and our inside play. As the season goes on we’ve got to prove ourselves,"
Sauers emphasized. It would seem that a physical inside team could cause the
Danes some trouble.

Number 2: Can the Danes put together a good defensive year, a trademark of
Sauers' teams in the past? “That's going to be a key to our season, too," Sauers
Said, “because I think defensively we've got to have a strong effort every game.
We might, in that regard, because of the size of our guards use a little more
zone this year than we have in the past. We have to try and make the best use
of the personnel we’ve got. l’rn concerned about that »— I think We havv to be .i
better defensive learn than we were last year to have as good a record.”

“A lot of what we do is going to have to do with our defense," Croutier adds
ed. "If the defense works, the offense will flow."

Number 3: Can the Danes make up for the loss of Dieckelman. of whom
Sauers said last year, "i don’t know of any player that's eyer graduated that
we're going to miss more,"i

"l think that the people that are going to get all the playing time are aware of
the fact that they’ve got to make a better contribution," Sauers noted. “lint i
think that as the practice season has gone on they’ve missed him less and less,
and they’ve realized what their role is going to be and the points are still going
to be there. But he’s not there ~ what are you going to do about iti We miss
him not only because of his scoring and rebounding, but because of his leader-
ship, too, and that's why I said that last year. They've all got to assume more of
that (leadership) too, which they’re doing."

Number 4: Can the Danes learn to run more now that Dieckelman is gone,
thus abandoning somehwat their deliberate offense? “We're going to try and
run more this year," Sauers stated. "We‘re trying to work on our transition
game both offensively and defensively. I didn’t think we were a good transition

.-.. ad'sVJm-IJVLL—u. .....na....m.~wr '-

 

 

 

 

team last year. We’re trying to improve that phase of our game in both direc-
tions ~ we’ve worked hard at that in the preseason."

The running game seems to suit some of the players lust fine. “i think it will
definitely help my game," Crontier said. "i also think it will help everybody
else on the team — somebody like Wilson likes to run more."

Thomas agreed. "The team’s going to run a lot more,” Thomas noted. “That
suits my style. I like that."

The schedule once again shows some very stiff competition. In addition to
playing Potsdam twice and Union possibly twice (the two teams could face
each other in the Capital District Tournament in addition to thier regular
season meeting on January it), the Danes will face Hartwick and Ithaca.
"That’s six games right there against NCAA teams.” Sauers said. In addition the
Danes must face Hamilton, to whom Albany has lost the past two years and '
who would be an NCAA contender were it not for their school’s policy pro-
hibiting them from NCAA play. Add to that list the Christmas tournament
featuring John Jay, last year’s regular season CUNY Champion; Buffalo State,
who defeated Albany in the SUNYACs last year; and Clark University, who is
last year’s NCAA New England Regional Champion. “That's seven games
against the potential best learns in the east," Sauers summarized.

()ne plus on the scheduling side is there will be 13 home games at University
Gym, where the Danes went l()-l last year with their only loss coming at the
hands of Scranton, who went on to win the Division lll National Champion-
ship.

Another asset the Danes possess is in the coaching department, where
Sauers" 465 wins in his lti years at Albany rank him 13th among the nation's ac-
tive collegiate coaches. His next losing season will be his first.

Sauers summed up his thought for the upcoming season this way. "General-
ly, we’re a very good team when we get control of a game. We're not going to
get control of every game, and how well we play in that type of sittration is go-
ing to dictate a lot for us.

“i really dont’ make long-range predicitons. i think that we’re capable of be-
ing as good as we were last year, which means that we're capable of being a
contender for a postseason tournament." ' ‘

Which tournament? Well, it’s too early to say. Right now, it’s just a well
guard-ed secret.

 

 

 

 

 

