 

 

  
 

  

;

WOLDWE

   

, ,

Volcano and quake hlt

Tokyo
(AP) A volcano spewed lava. smoke and hot
Cinders over the Paciﬁc island of Miyakejima
Monday. engulﬁng one village in lava and igA
niting ﬁres that destroyed another. Hours

 

later. a strong earthquake rocked the islandp

One person was reported missing in the
eruption. but there were no other immediate
reports of casualties. The eruption reportedly
cut off electric service on the Japanese island
and a three-inch ashfall forced the airport to
close.

The earthquake registered 6.1 on the
Richter scale of ground motion and was felt
as far away as Tokyo. “2 miles north of
Miyakejima.

Marines on alert

Beirut
(AP) Mortar and small arms ﬁre struck
Lebanese army positions near Beirut airport
Monday sending U.S. Marines into bunkers
and foxholes for the ﬁrst time since a cease-
ﬁre halted Lebanon‘s civil war a week ago.
Warrant Ofﬁcer Charles Rowe, a Marine
spokesman. said about 30 Marines of the
Loco-man U.S. contigent of the multina-
tional force in Beirut went to “condition
one" - the highest alert - for 30 minutes at
midmorning while Lebanese army positions
at the nearby Khaldc highway intersection
were under attack. it was not clear who was
doing the shooting.

 

 

2 ALBANY STUDENTPRESS C3 OCTOBER 4.1983

No shells or bullets strayed into the Marine
compound at the airport and the Marines
emerged from bunkers and foxholes when
the ﬁring tapered off. Rowe said.

Despite the latest truce violation. the rival
factions of Lebanon's civil strife continued
their attempts to fortify the cease-ﬁre which
went into effect Sept. 26.

U.N. weighs proposal

Beirut
(AP) The United Nations reportedly is con-
sidering a compromise proposal to let Syria
choose which countries would supply
observers to a U.N. force that would oversee
the cease-ﬁre in Lebanon.

The independent Beirut newspaper An-
Nahar said Monday the formula is being
studied at the United Nations and that Syria
favored observers from Greece. lndia and
Yugoslavia to monitor the cease-fire. which
entered its second week today.

An-Nahar. whose publisher Ghassan
Tueni is a political adviser to president Amin
Gemayel. attributed its reports to uniden-
tiﬁed Western diplomatic sources in Beirut
but did not say who proposed the com-
promise.

The Gemayel government and contributing
nations of the multinational peacekeeping
force - the United States. France. ltaly and
Britain - have been pressing for a 600-man
observation force under direct U.N.. contro
to police the cease-ﬁre.

But Syria and its Lebanese leftist allies. in-
cluding opposition Druse leader Walid
Jumblatt. have this far opposed stationing
U.N. observers in Lebanon's strife-torn cen-
tral mountains.

 

NATIOWE

“1/ u y h it?

    

Handgun" law upheld

WasItInglan, D. C.
(AP) The Supreme Court Monday left intact
rulings that there is no constitutional right to
keep a handgun in your home. pleasing gun
control advocates and possibly opening the
way for more local gun laws.

The justices. without comment. rejected
challenges to a Morton Grove. 1",. ordinance
outlawing the possession of handguns.

The ban imposed by the small Chicago
suburb in l981. and the enormous controver-
sy it generated. has become a focal point in
the emotion-packed confrontation between
"gun control" and "right to bear arms"
forces.

A federal trial judge. later supported by
the 7th US Circuit Court of Appeals. ruled
that the Morton Grove ban on "any handgun
unless the same has been rendered per-
manently inoperative" does not violate the
Constitution.

Those rulings sparked similar gun-control
proposals across the nation - in cities such as
San Francisco. Chicago and Miami and in
state legislatures in Massachusetts and
Maryland.

Arlzona flood recedes

Tuscan, Arizona

(AP) Floodwtitcrs that left 10 people dead or
missing and forced thousands from their
homes began receding Monday after washing
away bridges. roads and buildings in a nor-
mally bone-dry area of the desert Southwest.

Rivers swollen to record levels burst from|
their banks amid heavy rains Sunday. causing,t
millions of dollars in danittge across a
200m”: swath of Arizona. ofﬁcials said.

But by this morning it appeared "the flood
.stages are coming down." said Frank Bar-
rios. Flood Control Director for the State
Department of Water Resources.
“We still have some very high discharges. but
generally all over the state the flood crests are
coming down and we're going to see less
ﬂooding as time passes unless there are
changes in the storm conditions. which we
are watching." Barrios said.

Glenn lrks feminists

Washington. DC.
(AP) John Glenn says he did not mean to
suggest feminists “leafed” instead of work-
ing hard for the Equal Rights Amendment.
but the Democratic presidential hopcfnl's
comments got him into hot water anyway at
the National Organization for Women con-
vention.

Delegates to NOW's mutual convention
booed rind hissed the Ohio senator's cont
merits Sunday. only minutes itftcr tltcy httd
given ltittt tin ovation its he ended his spccclr
witlt a quote froitt l‘)th (‘cntury feminist
lili/ttbctlt (‘tttly Stitntoti.

(ilettrt illlti five of the other Democratic
prcsitlcntittl candidates who tttlked to the
convention Sunday said tltcy would consider
picking it feminist womrrtt try their rtmtriny
nitric iii Wit-l. But none of them promised
ﬂutly to do so.

Court refuses sult
ll'erhiItgton. l).(‘.

(AP) The Supreme Court. fuch \\ itlt its first-

ever "wrongful birth" case. Monday rcltrsct.

 

:0 let parents of a child born after an unsuc.
:essful sterilization recover the cost of m".
ing the child.

The court. without comment. turned iiwuy
the appeal of a couple who ﬁled a negligcncc
lawsuit in lllinois.

State courts threw out the claim for retiring
costs, but said the couple is entitled to be
paid medical and other expenses relaicd to
childbirth and pregnancy if thetc rm
negligence.

But the state courts said that even if thch
was negligence, the couple could not rccotcr
rearing costs from a hospital accused of
malpractice.

Klng holiday debated

Washington, DC
(AP) A White House spokesman said Mori-
day that President Reagan is prepared to sign
legislation making Martin Luther King's hir.
thday a national holiday. but Sen. iL'\\(‘
Helms. R-N.C.. launched a lasbditch tight
against Senate passage.

Helms said he opposed 3 tom tittltttttrti
holiday because. “We need more Plt‘tiltclt'.i~
ty. not more leisure time."

White House spokesman Anson li:iril.iiri
told a reporter in a telephone ililcnic“ "it
the Martin Luther King bill comes to iii.-
ptcsidcnt‘s desk. he will sign it."

STATE W I D E
‘ "  R 'I ELS. 

Inmate lock-in ends

'li'llt’tl
(AP) A state prison ofﬁcial said Monday th.it
about l.500 to 1.700 protesting ititttttlcs mil
be allowed out of their cells for recreation
over the next couple oi days in ii llhi \lcp
toward returning the prison to normal.

Louis J. Ganim. director of public infor~
mation for the state Department of Correc-
tional Services. said inditidual laiks uitli iri-
dividual protesters indicated that virtually all
of them were ready to end the standott.

He said the inmates. at ﬁrst. will be alloitt
ed out of their cells in small groups rot
recreation for an hour and a half at a tune.
“We don't want to reopen everything .ill at
once." he said. “We want to do it gradually
and in an orderly manner."

The inmates began their protest Sept. 19
when they refused to leave their cells. iilt‘)
complained of poor food. poor health care.
unwarranted beatings by guards. and nitric-
quatc access to the lavv library.

   

Toxlc threat revealed

Bing/rumour
(AP) A study of 800 ﬁeld micc around lill'
Love Canal outside Niagara Falls says lilt‘W
living closest to the imic mute dirni.‘ il.i\L'
the shortest life spans.

"That animals were and are being ton
ltlllllllillCti there i\ nticqiritocal.” and
Biology professor John J. Christian, who
conducted the rcsctttch at the St.rtc l'iiiis \I-
ty of New York at Binghntnton.

Mice living near the tcticc .irorirm
evacuated trcighborlrood h.i\c t.ir iwitr‘i
lctcls of chemical» in thcit i‘k‘tilk'“ limit
tiniuittls living jllsl arm“ the ro.rd. t’tirntzrn
stud.

Tile t\\o-,\'c.tr study \\.is lllltiL‘HHIilﬂi will
it “75.540 giant front thc i‘ll\:1rtltlil.i'3|i
Protection Agency iti W52

"l think thtit it (thc dcgtcc of .iriinii .i'tt
iillllilllllit‘ll) is .t ttst‘l'ttl iridrgqtrir iii iron
dilutb‘l'otis the area is. I don't think It .rtnric
\Vt‘tllti l‘ottlt lltc‘ basis for .m) I‘lll.li tlt'si‘li'“
because the animals go underground, titrrtii
people don‘t.“ he said.

 

PREVIEW OF

the America- Red Cross Bloodmobtle
will be on campus Friday. Oct. 7 in the

t0 4 p.rn. The bloulmoblle visit is being
sponsored by Delta Sigma Pi.

l‘ ” starring " J , Bogart
and lnuid Bergman will be shown on
Monday. Oct. l0 at 7 p.rn. at the
Albany Public Library. if!!! Madison
Avenue. LC 1.

 

Skl Club wtll hold an interest meeting
on Tuesday. Oct. 4 at is p.rn. in LC 23.
Campus Center Ballroom from to am. For more information call Bruce abandoned buildings in the South end.

439.0551 0, [km 45911190. For more information call 436-8777.

The Soclety for the Advancement of
chapter ‘of the American Marketing
Association. will hold a general interest
meeting on Tuesday. Oct. d at 7 p.rn. in

EVENTS

the newly founded collegiate

will be speaking.

the Nelghburhood Planning Coalition.
Inc. has announced a Winctiuting l‘arty
 R E E L I S T I N G S to be held at the historic Schuyler Mati-

. > m 7 u  7 turn at the corner
———~— _—-‘—‘~. W “ T‘ "  “" ‘ " Catherine Sts. 0n Sunday. Oct. to at
[:30 pm. A donation of SS is requested.
All ptoceedt will be med to renovate

Delta Sig-l Pl will be sponsoring I
presentation entitled “Your Resume: Is
it Enuugh'l" on Tuesday. Oct 4 at 7
p.rn. in LC 19. John Alexander. Dim.
tor of Career Planning and Placement

of Clinton and

structor will be Maggie Boys.

 

sunny Department of Music will be W“ and “(‘1)” 9"" “'“ “Mm "'1
sponsoring tr lv‘ttculty Showcase Concert
entitled "Wind Serenades" on Sittur~
titty.  it at it p.rn. iii the Performing 7130i).ltt- Tiv‘ks‘ls are so with a SUM -'\
Arts Center. Nittiitut (ioltsclntlk will be
conducting. General admission will be «1 bi-‘itilll‘ills WNW-‘5‘
$2 and.“ for SUNYA students. For
more information call 457m860tl

A \‘i'umel'a Personal Salet
' y Defense .tn. in LC 5.
Workshop Will be offered by the Presl- p
dent's Taslt Force on Women‘s Safety
2i. t restley, Oct. 4 at at 7 p.rn. in the The Outing Clllh ka‘m "cw
at Center Assembly Hall. The in. members to its weekly meetings 5””

evening with Eddy Grant ill the L‘.irrit‘“‘
L‘cnter Ballroom on Monday. Oct. t1 .it

lD arid 58 without. and can be ptttvltns-
y. Oct. 5. in the

 

Campus Center lobby.

Telethon will hold it general interest
tneetlng on Tuesday. Oct. 4. at 7:30

Wednesday at 8 p.nt. in LC 22.

!.__——i—

 

 

 

 

 

 

T ask force is. tight-Iipped about alcohol policy

By Jim O’Sulllvan

STAFF WRITER

 

At the university’s newly-formed Alcohol
Task Force's first meeting. Student Associa-
tion Vice President chf Schneider presented
a student petition with 2.l34 signatures risk-
ing that the entire interim alcohol policy be
abandoned until the new policy is in effect.
At the one-nnd-a-half-hour session. the
group decided that no pttblic statements
would be made until the new policy was sub-
mitted to Vice President for Student Affairs
Dr. Frank Poguc.

Karlccn Ktirlsott. director of the Off-
Campus Housing Office and art tid-
ministrator on the task force. said that the
committee “would not make any public
statements ttntil a final policy is ttrrricd irtto
Dr. Pognc."

The irttcrirn policy raised art immediate
outcry of protest when it was artrtottrtccd at
the bcgitrning of the semester. because it was
not specific. called for all parties serving
alcohol to ltttvc vttrious licenses and permits
and l‘orbudc the drinking of alcoholic
beverages in most public areas on the quttds.

The interim policy was issued by tltc Office
of Residential Life. its primary pttrposc was
to bririg the SUNYA ctimpus into line with
the new l9-ycttr-old drinking ttge for the state
of New York.

Schneider complained that the policy
“inttkcs RA’s the bird guys" bccttttsc it is "so
vrtguc that the RA‘s don't know exactly wltut
the policy statics." Schneider also said tltttt hc
illld the fotir other students on the committee
“dcmiindcd that the RA's be notified of what
Ihcy have to enforce tittd what tltcy don‘t
have to enforce."

Steve Mttnlcy. tin RA on Dtitcli Qttttd. said
he has not strenuously enforced the policy.
saying. “us fttr its drinking in the
lounges. . .tis‘ long ilS it's just it few people. it
doesn‘t bother me." Attotltcr RA on Dutch.
who asked to I'Cttlillll unidentified. said she
"hadn't had any problems“ biit didn't like
lower lotingc pttrtics.

“'l‘hcy’rc lc's personal and yott nicct less
people." she said. According to the interim
policy. “the conisutnption . . .of ttlcoltol is
trot pcrntittcd irt. . .tlll)’ ttrctts ttdjticcnt to
suites tllltl ruoiiis.“ This forces till ptrblic pur-
tics with drinking to bc ircld iii the basement
lottngcs of catch quad.

 

 

An uptown r quad party

Students [)L’Iiliflll with 2, I34 signatures risking for Ilte rejection of the ult'oltul iItIr-ri/It policy.

The RA continued. “We're having parties
iii lowcr lounges. l htitl ll hupy hour; it was
impersonal. lt's niccr iii your own lounge
because you‘re at home."

She finished by saying “We have to follow
it (the policy): it‘s one of the things yott illtL‘
to do and l'nr doing it."

An RA on State Qtiud who also asked not
to be identified said it was hard not to have
lotmgc parties. llc .stlitl pcoplr: warm to have
pttrtics itnd ltc hits to suy ii i. which nttikcs
hint look like tlrc “bard guy."

Ari RA on Indian Qund. who also re-
qncstcd anonymity. sttid the policy was “not
strictly being cttt'utccd. It is being enforced to
th : point of affecting parties. btit two people
sitting in it lounge tlrittkirrg v— tlittt's ().K."
She said there were “more pttrtics iii suites ——
socittlly people are staying itr their suites and
not coming out turd niccting people."

. . .....u..,. a.............—.......

 

. .-_. ‘p-m.~w s
ﬂaw...“

OCTOBER 4,1983 D ALBANY STUDENTPRESS 3

 

 

 

She qucstioncd the effectiveness of titty
policy. siiyiug. “people tire going to drink rtu
rnttttcr where they have to go to do it."

Schneider sttid that "the orin thing that
was accomplished (at the meeting) was tltut
we ltopc to hilt" tt pctmtincnt alcohol policy
acceptable to the students rind [be rid-
ministrtttion in effect by .ltlllllltt‘y."

llc sitid the tttsk force will meet once it
week.

Schneider contintrcd than ltc "would like to
He. on equal number of students and ad
ministttitors“ oti thc task force. The task
force is comprised of eight l'ttcttlfy members
rind five students. "To get something not
detrimental to tire students. the students nced
equal itit'lucucc." ltc added.

“The nrrivcrsity is iti ticcd of tin alcohol
policy. bitt not iii need of it policy that is go-
irtg to prevent alcohol drinking."

SIMMONS UPS

Mike (fitstellttno. tlll RA on Dutch Qtrtitl
tlltd tl rrrctnbcr of the task force. sttitl the task
force's decision not to make statements was
bttscd on the fact tltttt “if people get the
wrong idctts. little pieces will get blown ()lll of
proportion." lie was conﬁdent that it new
policy will be formed. saying that it is “very
feasible that we will work together to come
up with it policy that is cqttitttblc to all."

Ptttty Snlkin. Dutch Qtttttl Board President
and it member of the titsk forcc. said
"everything looks positive and l don't have
arty complaints."

Carl Martin of tltc Ofﬁce of Student Af-
frtirs would not comment on the issue. since
the group decided not to make sttitcmcttts on
the policy.

Residential Life Director Paul Mttr'tonc
would trot comment. he said. because he is
not it triernhcr of the tttsk force. i

SA officials wait for judge’s polling decision

 

By llcidi (:rulltt
l,\Sli(‘I.-| If r\l-ll.\' l’lllltlk

Student Association (SA) officials filctl it
reply ufftttlttvit yesterday in response to tilt
unexpected (‘ounty Board of Elections ttf~
fatdttvit submitted inst Thursday approving
the (‘ity of Albany's redistricting plan.

  

SA officials say they ill'C still waiting for
State Supreme (‘otrrt Judge John ll. Pcn-
tiock's decision.

SA filed it lawsuit tigttinst tlic city on Mon»
titty. Sept. 26 demanding that clcction
districts bc rL'tit‘ilWlt to include ttn orr-ctrmpns‘
polling plttcc for residents of Colonial turd
half of Dittclt Quttd.

\\'\M.i .5

 

 

SA van shuttles students to vote

SUE MINDICN UPS

County Board of Election roll/Tex city decision on wrtrrl changes.

The purpose of the reply nfftttltivit. uccor-
tlirtg to SA tittorncy Mttrk Mishlcr. is to per-
.sutttlc the judge to tliSI’L‘gtll'ti tlre Bottrd of
lilcctiotis“ ttfl'ttdttvit. subrnittcd just prior tti
tltc hearing. which the city trnd thc courtly
hittl rtrgttcd was grounds for dismissal of tlic

   

S .

The Board of lilcctions‘ ttl'ftulrtvit .sttttcd
that at 9 :t.nt. 'l‘hursdtiy morning. the liottrd
of Elections litid voted to ratify till election
district changes made by tntrnicipttlitics itt tltc
county.

SA is arguing than. by ill\\’. the city hits the
power to redraw clcction districts until
January 5. but after than. district cltttngcs citn
only be mitdc by the Board of Flcctions. The
city did not rc-drnw the districts rtritil August
l5.

However. the Bottrd ol' l-ilcctions‘ Inst-
tnittttte itpprovttl of the city‘s clutngcs "put it
dent“ in SA'S case itgninst tltc city. according
to Misltler.

ﬁt

The reply itfftrdnvit. Misltlcr said. was also
subrtiittcd yesterday so [bill it could be used
as evidence iii the event that SA needs to tip-
pctil tltc state Supreme Court decision.
Mishlcr said he filed the reply :tffttduvit with
the court on Monday morning turd ntuilcd
copies of it to the city turd county attorneys.

County uttorncy William J. Conboy said
Monday that he had not heard about the rep-
ly ttffttdttvit. “That‘s it surprise to me." he
said. “it would have been appropriate than
everyone he delivered copies." lic iltltlctl.
(‘ottboy itccnscd Misltlcr of ritttking tllt itp~
plictttion to the court “without even having
the courtesy to inform me." He declined.
however. to comment specifically on the rep-
ly tit‘fttdttvit since he had not seen it yet.

in tire reply uffndttvit. which Mishlcr said
he wrote during the weekend oit the sugges-
tiott of SA ttttorucv Lcwis Oliver. SA is

clrttllctiging scvcrttl aspects of the Board ot
lilcctions' ttfftidrtvit.

Misltlct's first argument is [hill the Board
of Elections can drtttv tip clcction districts.
btrt they don‘t have the power to ratify the
district chimgcs nurdc by the city.

The reply atffttdttvit also questions whcthct
or not the llotird of Elections cicr ttctuully
held it trtcctitrg Thursdin mot ning. As pttrt oi
the reply ttl‘ftidttvit. SA Controller Aditni
llztrsky submitted it statement saying that
while in: was seeking the minutes of the
riicctittg. Board of lilcctinons .~\dmirristrtitor
Roxctttttry Conway stirred than no meeting
had occurred thttt morning.

Mislilcr also trittinlttincd that the city did
not prodticc scvcrttl papers tlltti documents
required by tltc court its evidence iii the suit.

SA‘s final argument is than govcrnnrcnttil
bodies are not permitth to mttkc
"nt‘bitrttry" decisions. Misltlcr contends that
the Bottrtl of El tions rittificd l3] new
districts without providing the court \\ith any
written docttrnctittttiott for their action.

Mishlcr stiid he expects to ltll\‘C ti dcc' 'ion
from thcjudgc soon. Howcvcr. A President
Rich Scltirffcr said “there is it possibility that
they're (the court) tryirtg to stttll so that we'll
be oitt of time to get it tlccision for tire
November election."

Schuffcr sttid SA will appeal tlrc decision it
they lose. even if an itppcttl would not be iii
time for this clcctiott. l‘lc uddcd that he is op-
timistic that if SA doesn't winthis time. they
will win on appeal.

Currently. residents of lridiitrt Qiittd tutti
half of Dutch Qutid will vote iii the gym:
residents of the other liqu of Dutch Quad will
vote at St. Mttrgurct Mary's Church;
residents of State Quad will vote in the State
Quttd Fltrgruorn; and residents of Colonial
Quttd will vote at the Thruway llouse. l

 

 

 

.7...” .....m_._.

 

