 

an n -*.-w

' ‘3"?1”.

. er

 

 

  
 

 

3-er

rum.

WORLWE

    

China cuts ties

Peking, China
(AP) China announced yesterday tltat it is
halting all official cultural exchanges with the
Urtited States in retaliation for the U.S. deci-
sion to grant political asylum to tettttis slur.
Htt Na. —

“The Chinese goverrtntent ltas no choice
but to take the above measure." said Ding
(in. director of cultural relations with forcigrt
countries. "The US. government should be
responsible for the consequences arising
therefrom."

On Monday. the Uttlted States granted
political asylum to l9-year-old Miss Hu.
despite months of Chinese protests that it
would encotrrage other defections. and tltat
Miss Hu did not face persectrtion if site
returned home. '

Miss Hu sneaked away from the Chinese
tennis teant on July 20 in Santa Clara. Calif.
where she was playing in an international
tournament. Site has been staying with
Chinese-American families in the San Fran-
cisco area.

New missile disclosed

Washington. I). C.
(AP) Most key targets irt western Europe
would be within range of new Soviet long-
range land attack cruise missiles if they were
deployed itt eastern Europe, US intelligence
sources say.

The sources who Wednesday disclosed
titat the new nttssile ltad been developed. said
the weapon could be deployed by the Soviet
on mobile launchers in Warsaw Pact nations
as a frcslt threat to Western i'iurope.
Designated by intelligence officials as the
SSCX-sl. the missle is said to ltavc a range of
nearly L900 miles. more than the mericatt
cruise. the GLCM. scheduled for deployment
itt Europe late this year.

US. reconnaissance satellites recently
detected wltat analysts believe is a posiblc
mobile launcher for the SSCX-d at a tcSt
center in the Soviet Union. it was described
as a witeeled tractor-trailer vehicle big
enouglt to launch fotrr missiles.

ilttelligcttcc analysts. speaking only on
condition that they remain anonymous. said
the Soviets might be able to move such
missiles arouttd relatively rapidly over long
distances. .

Tltcrc was no prediction as to when the
missile might become operational.

“Their response was caustic and acerbic."
said one official who is familiar with the
slow-moving negotiations. which recessed
last week artd will resume in early little. He
said the Soviets in. ed on a ban on all kinds
of cruise misstles.

US proposes limit

Washington. D.C.
(Al’) The Urtited Slates proposed last tttorttit
to the Soviet Union that the two countries set
numerical ceilings on their long‘rangc
bombers and airborne cruise missiles. btrt the
Soviets rejected tltc idea. Reagan administra-
tion officials said yesterday.

The proposal marked anotltcr major US.
tactical shift in negotiations at Geneva.
Switzerland. on harnessing nuclear weapons.
it was the first little in the talks that the ad-
ministration had dir’cctly proposed
establishing limits on strategic bombers and
cruise missiles. K

The treaty proposed by President Reagan
last May focused on forcing a reduction in

 

 

«w W1... ......-.:..'

2 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS Ft APRIL 8, I983

.... -. c.-...c.-...

 

 

Soyiet strategic arsenal. Reagan proposed
limiting the talks in their first phase to
ballistic missiles. thereby excluding the new
B-l bomber attd cruise missiles that the
United States is developing.

The president's proposal. announced dur-
ing a Mother's Day speech at Eureka College
in lllinois. his alrna mater. was rejected by
the Soviets after negotiations began in
Geneva in late .ittne. The Soviets accused the
United States of seeking an unfair advantage
and a unilateral weakening of the Soviet
defettse potential. _

in a bid to break the deadlock. U.S.
‘negotiators itt cttrly Marclt offered a revised
plan that would reduce strategicwarhcads in
the first phase attd bombers atrd cruise
ntissiles irt the second stage. according to ad-
tnlttislration officials who discussed the situa-
tion only on the condition that they rtot be
‘ identified.

NATIONWIDE
.“B .’ Rf  E

s32 .

 

     

Reagan won’t interfere

Washing/on. D.C.
(AP) President Reagan has refused to in-
tervene to end the Metro-North corrtrttuter
railroad strike. art aide to Sen. Daniel Patrick
Moynihan said Thursday.

Mike McCurry. Moynihan‘s press
secretary. said Moyrtiltatt, a Democrat.
would introduce his otvtt legislation to force
striking members of the United Transporta-
tiott Union to accept settlement terms pro-
posed by rt presidential rttediatiott partci.

Wltite llorrse spokesmen could ttot int-
trtcdiately ltc reached to corttrttettt.

 

 

New York (iov. Mario Cuottto ant
Ricltard thvitclt. the chairman of tilt
Metropolitan 'l‘rttnsporlatiolt Atttltority
ltuvc both scttl telegrams to Reagan askint
trim to send strike-ending legislation to Con
gress. Wltitc ilousc staffers had said private
ly for weeks that the president was ttrtlikely tr
intervene. _

Conductors and trainmcn have been on
strike against the MTA‘s Metro-North Divi-

 

siott since March 7. New work rules proposed
by the MTA and rejected by the uttiott have
reportedly been the main sticking point in
negotiations.

. -..... "mmmm

I !

Contracepttve OK d

New York. N. Y.
(AP) The Food and Drug Administration has
approved a new nonprescription sponge con-
traceptive for women found to be about 85
percent effective in preventing pregnancy,
the New York Tirrres reported Thursday.

The soft. disposable contraceptive is
permeated with spermicide and does ttol ltave
to be ﬁtted by a physician.

The sponge's effectiveness rate is “in the
same range as other vaginal contraceptive
products such as the diaphram." Faye H.
Peterson. an FDA spokeswoman. told tltc
Times. Tlte sponge is'manttfactured by the
V.L.l. Corp. of Costa Mesa. Calif., and will
be sold for about St. ‘

The sponge was fottnd to be effective for
24 ltours after insertion and there was some
evidence that it rttigltt be effective for 48
ltortrs. but that cannot be claimed itt advertis-
ing. Mrs. Peterson said.

The National institutes of i lealtlt. an agen-
cy of the Public Health Service. provided
tnorc than $600,000 to support testing of the
sponge. the Times said.

Shuttle spacewalk set

Cape Canaveral, It‘lrr.
(AP) Two aslrottattts ettterctl Cltailenger's
airlock artd ptrt on their $2 tttilliott suits
yesterday. eager for all early start on the first
U.S. spacewalk itt ttcttrly a decade.

Mission specialists Story Mltsgrrtve attd
Donald Pctersott were rttnrtittg about art hour
altcad itt preparations for tltc planned 4:10
ptn EST start of their walk irtto the shuttlc’s
opctt cargo buy attd asked if they could start
early.

Mission Control told Commander Paul
Weill. the astronauts cottld advance the space
stroll by exactly an ltottr. because at that time
they world ltave good television and radio
contact over a Florida ground station. Sttclt
coverage is required by mission rules itt case
something goes wrong at the outset.

Wcitz and pilot Karol Bobko will tttortitor
from Challenger‘s cabin dttrittg the 3 V2 hours

m-..s..._._....,..ﬁ .Vn .

 

the space strollers work outside testing the
suits and the tools and tecltttiqttes for futttre
satellite service and repair missions.

 

 

 

land-based strategic missiles. the heart of the

PREVIW OF
"WW; ‘

   
   
  
  
   
  
   
 
 
    

The Parent Aide Program at
Catherine's Center for Children is
planning an eight week training pro-
gram for new volunteers to work
with iamllles where child abuse and
neglect occurs. if you'd like to be a 140.
volunteer contact Mary McCarthy at
48243331.

otlogo Republicans will meet on
edneaday, April 13. at 8 p.m., in
C

 

 

WILL VURMAN UPS

 

 

 

 

Fiber joints hailed

Ithaca, N. Y,

Artificial ligaments of synthetic fiber may
replace conventional surgival implants and
offer a bright future for the repair of turn
joints. its developer says.

C.C. Chtt of the State College of Human
Ecology at Corrtell University said Thursday
he worked within the emerging scicttce
known as “biotextiles” to cottte up with rt
prosthetic device which may bettl lite threat
of degenerative borte disease. a common oc-
cttrrcnce after reconstruction of a tortt liga-
tttent.

The design is a tttbttlar. braided sheath and
core device for ligamcttt replacement. ,

Someday. the use of biodegradable irtt-
plants ntay be extended to surgical ttteshcs to
repair gunshot wounds, cover hernia or
cancer scars and seal artificial heart valves.
ltc said.

So far. his design for artificial ligaments
has been his most successful. It consists of a
braided core of Dacrott or Kevlar. a strong
syrttltetic fiber used in cvcrytlrirtg front
powerboats to bttllct proof vests slic’ tired irt
rtylort braid which has provert resislartt to
abrasiott.

The irnplattt is bcirtg designed and tested
for knees because they are the most frequent»
ly injured joints. ('ltu said. bttt the device
would rtot be difficult to modify for other
ligaments and tertdotts.

.
Shakers drop sutt
Albany. N. i’.
(AP) The Shaker religious sect said yesterday
it would drop all effort to stop construction
of a ntinor league baseball park ltcar the
grave of a revered leader pending outcome ot
efforts for a permanent injunction.

Douglas Ward. lawyer for the Shakers.
said “we're not going to waste our money"
on posting a SL4 tttilliort bottd a jltdgc asked
as the price of granting a tclttporary injuttc»
tion to stop work on the ballpark itt suburban
Colonic. I

Ward said the Sltrtkcrs' decision was pro-
trtpted by a statement by Colonic Town At-
torttcy Susan M. Tatro attd Albarty County
Attorney Robert Lyman earlier this week
that any preliminary injunction would be ap-
pealed.

Such art appeal would automatically st \' a
preliminary injunction, Ward said. “ l he
Shakers cattrtol afford to throw away 320.000
on such a prospect." ltc said.

Kong model damaged

New York. N. i'.
(AP) King Kong made a valiant attempt to
scale the top of the Empire State Building
Thursday as irt glorious days of cinema past.
bltt the inflatable beast ltad to be taken don rr
because of at tcttr irt his rigltt shoulder.

“He's being taken dotvrt for rcpaizs artd
will ltc rerigged later on.“ said .lotut
(icoghcgan. spokeswoman for tltc project to
celebrate the Slith anniversary of the tttotic
King Kong.

She said workers will try again to ptrl tltc
replica of thc rttovic gorilla up either later
Tlttrrsday or today.

Tltc eight-story-tltll fabric replica of thc
giant npc was supposed to be inflated nitit
cold air chttcsday rtigltt and come to rest
with its arm looped around tltc mast looting
of tire lOZ-story btrildittg. lint as soon as
engineers began inflating tltc 3.000 pound
balloon. they ran ittto problems.

 

 

EVENTS

 

A mathematics colloquium entitled
“Some A Priorl Estimates for the
Cauchy-Riemann Equations" will be
presented by Professor Ingo Llcb
on Friday. April 8. at 4 p.m., In ES

An intercollegiate Debate on‘ in-
terstate Banking will be held on
Monday. April 11. at 8 pm. in LG 7.
The debating teams will be Union
and Skldmore Colts 6

 

The Red Cross Bloodmoblle will be
in the Campus Center Ballroom on
Monday. April 12. from 10 em. to 4
pm. The visit is sponsored by Pur-
ple and Gold. All potential blood
donors are urged to pre register
with Purple and Gold prior to the
day of the visit.

A sign language class for beginners
will be offered on Monday. April 11.
at 8 p.m., In HU 128. Admission is
free.

,Rovtatonlat Zionist Alternative
(FtZA) will meet Tuesday. April 12. at
7 p.m., in CC 361. '

Ancient China will be discussed by
Norman Hammond of Rutgers
University on Tuesday. April 12, at
:30 p.m., in LG 28. Admission is
res.

Gay and Lesbian Alliance (GALA)
will hold a meeting on Tuesday,
April 12. at 8 pm. in CC 375.

The Jawbone Reading Series. a
forum for SUNYA'a Fiction, non-
llctlon. and poetry writers will
feature readings with Francesco
Lolaro and Kim Conneil on Thurs-
day. Aprll 14. at noon In HU 354. Ad-
mission to free.

review at the Reserve Desk in the
library‘ CUE and the SA office.

Scholarships to help qualified nton
and women participate In on-
vironmental research expeditions
this summer are available through
the School for Field Studies.
Courses are taught at both in-
troductory and advanced levels. For
more information write The Dtractor
of Admissions, School for Field
Studies. 50 Western Ava/Room 3-D.
Cambridge. MA 02139.

Summaries of student ratings of
Fall 1982 General Education
courses are now available for

 

 

 

 

 

lly Dealt lletz
t'thIRIllUI’INli ﬁll/ION

A recent campaign intettded to defeat
Public interest Research (itoups across tltc
rtntiort has been all. ckcd as “outrageous” by
students rtctive witlt New York‘s i’iR(i.
()tgani/cd by tltc (‘ollege Republican Na-
tional ('otttutittce. tltc drivc started itt
l’cbtuary nitlt a 5()~pttge packet sent to col-
lege Republican chairmen.

A trtctno irtcludcd in tire ptlckcl~~wriltctt
by Steve lialdwitt. the College Republican's
nrttionttl projects director. described i'lRUs
as lcftist groups that “lobby on gay rights.
fora nuclear free/e. ttgttittst draft registration
attd arc anti ‘big busincs "' Other literature
ill the packet described l’iR(is as "unethical.
undemocratic. and unconstitutional."

A strategy emphasized ill the campaign is
tltc use of lawsuits to attack the funding of
i’lR(is. The committee's memo to state
chairmen stated that “We are irt contact with
several conservative legal fourtdations that
are itttcrcsted ltr fighting i’iRCr in cottrt. All
you need to do is provide it plaintiff.“

NYl’iR(‘r. along with State University
trustees. (‘ltanccllor Clifton R. Wharton.
and several university presidents arc tltc sult-
jccts of a suit filed in lylttnhattun Federal
District Court Feb. l7 by eight SUNY
students. represented by the Mid-Atlantic
Legal Foundatiott. The suit cotttettds that the
tnandatory collections of student fees to fund
NYPIRG is a violatiott of constitutional
rights.

Baldwin confirmed that Mid-Atlantic is
one of the legal foundations with which Col-
lege Republican National Committee has
contact, lntt said that tile NYi’lRG lawsuit
was initiated before the anti-PIRG campaign
began.

Gene Russiattoff. rt staff attorney for
NYPIRG ill New York City, said. “i don‘t
think it's leaping to a rash conclusion to say
there‘s a tie" between the New York suit attd
the national College Republican campaign.
He said that the anti-PIRG drive was
“perfectly outrageous." rtttd added tltttl it
“pulls tltc mask off the constitutional claims
of the lawsuit." Rtts off said ltc believes
the catttpaigtt "doesn’t represent the
mainstream of Republicans." bill that the
“decision to do this is made at rt pretty high
level itt the Republican Party."

Most of tltc (‘ttllegc Republican National
Committee's $250,000 annual budch cottth
front tire Republican National t'otutttittcc.
According to lialdwin. two of tire eight
students itt tltc Mid-Atlantic sttit ate
ttthttltcrs of tire ('ollcrc Republicans. bttl ltc
could ttut identify them.

Mctttbcr's of tire Albany chapter of tltc ( 'tt|‘
lcgc Republicans aren‘t taking part in tltc

 

  

 

APRIL 8. I983 l‘t ALBANY STUDENTPRESS 3

Campaign aiming to defeat PlRGs nationwide

 

 
  
 
 

 

 

 

 

f ‘.
i " r

 

 

MARC MENSCHEL UPS

 

 

On ElRG publication; inset: Jane Groanberg. project coordinator
3 described as 'Icf/Iis'l groups" by college Republicans.

P7
Nl'l‘lRG suit or anti—PlRCr crttnpaign. accor-
ding to David A. Cohen. president of the
group. "We're interested irt promoting artd
helping cruttpaigns ill the city rtttd Albany
county." ltc etttplt si/cd. “We don't want to
hccotttc rt political attti-NYi’iRti or tllili-
Student Association group."

'I ltc New York State College Republicans
is ttttoltcd irt t'olloniug otrt thecruttpuigtt. ac-
cording to Chrtirtttntt Michael I’trlrtnsy. rt
SUNY litrl'l'alo \liltlL‘lIl. "If i nus approach-
cd tnitlt joining tltc Mid-Atlantic shit) i
would bring it up to our c\ccuti\c
cottttttittec." he said. rtddittg that his lllle‘L"
tion is lllill ('ollcgc Republicans are denied

 

 

funding whilc NYPlRU is ttot. "if we were
gitett funding, l nottld rtot object to
NYl’lRG." he said.

June (irecttberg. projcct coordinator for
NYi’lRU's Alitntty clrnptcr said that tltc ('ol-
lcgc Republicans on this campus lttt\clt't
been antagonistic towards NYl’lRU. "lust
wtltcslct' they worked-on the utter rcgtstttt-
lion et'tort witlt us. We ha\c ttc\ct felt that
(‘ollcgc Republicans hrttc cyct’ posed rt block
to NYI‘IRU actititics.“ site said.

the premise of tltc littlitilitll c‘tlllllilillc‘s"\
pttckct that l'lRUs tcprcscrtt rt “thrcrrt to
dctttoctttcy" nus wrong. she said. "if nc do
nothing else. nc offer students opportunities

to lettrtt. dctelop. and exercise basic ciliren—
sitlp skills."

(ireettberg interpreted the College
Republican Natiottal Committee's campaign
to abolish l‘lRtis as a case of a "partisan
or gtltri/ttrion trying to oppose a tron-partisan
group. NYI’IRG is political w we have a
conrrttitrttcnt to be active on any given issue.
We are rtot partisan— we have no affiliation
‘to any one political ideology or line of
thought. NYl’lRU is clearly rtot partisan.
because on tnatty of our ixsttes Democrats
and Republicans itt the Stutc | cgixlztturc limc
been on either side. liceattw we work on
issues. we are political."

She said that NYl’lR(i nus ttndcr attack
because of its cl'fectitcttcss itt initiating
legislation. “ the corporate foundations that
fnttd Mid-Atlantic hate interests itt tltc ixsues
we work on." (itecnburg said. Major cott-
ttibntors to tltc Mid-Atlantic l cgttl Founda-
tiort include (‘hasc Manhattan iirtttk. i-I.\\on,
Atlatttic Richt'icld. Alcott and tile conscr—
vutite Sarah Scrtife Foundation.

The ittl'tttttratiort packet suggests strategies
to college state L‘llilirlllL'll such as criticl/ing
l’iRUs in fliers and posters. petitioning to
fluid referendums against l’lRU funding. altd
directly appealing to campus administrators
artd Irustccs. Where Iit‘\\ groups tltc being
formed. the rrtettto suggests college
Republicans call or write trt college ot'l'icails
and "hint" that “‘our lanycrs are looking
ittto this situation.‘ No school nants to be in-
volted itt court litigatiott that may drag on
flit years.“

if that is ineffective. tltc committee sug-
gests that an otgani/ation witlt a name such
as ‘Sludcnts Against ivlandntory l-‘ec Abuse"
be fortttcd “to senc its rttt tttttbrellu organilu-
tiott for all opponents of i’lR(i.” lt stresses
tltat. "At this stage. don‘t attack their
political leanings. bttt attack only tltc funding
policy...'l'ltis way it doesn‘t look like an at-
tack utt tltc left by tltc right."

(itccrtbcrg said that tltc catttpaign was
“disgraceful to attack itt such rttt ttttdcrltand-
cd way. Attack us on ottr issues." she said.
“but don't detty us our First Amendment
rights. We‘re rtot on campus by some sleazy
way. but ltccttttsc students have voted to keep
us on campus."

lrt lllt.‘ rttcttto to college Republican
cltttitnrcn. linhlwirt wrote that. “College
Republicans nrottttd tltc country can dcfcat
|’|R(i and return ttttllions of dollars to sin-
tit'lll's pockets. Plus. it ttiil mean that the
otgarti/cd left nill ttot ilil\t' stndcnls‘ money
to lobby against l’lL‘xltlL‘lll Reagan."

N) l’lliU'x Alhrtttv citrrprct ix looking for
an ittt'tcrrse ttt Its funding from $2 to $3 per
sctlit'slct itt rt tclctcttdttttt on tltc Student
Asstrcitllitilt cicctron ballot trcxt \\cdnc~d;ty
and llllll\tiil_\.

Bus fee considered a possibility next semester

 

 

 

 

 

 

n... .

board SUNYA bus at circle
Drivers restored. but .\'ll[l[)tll‘l ﬂuids cut.

tli’S

‘- ...«p..- --....-... -~- . .- ..

liy Anthony Hillier
l\\t)t I til \I li \ I lllltllt'

Despite tltc likelihood that the legislature
will restore most if not all tltc proposed cuts
irt tltc SllNYA bus system. ot'l'i rtls on cartr-
ptts are pushing for a bus fee for as early as
next year.

According to Vice President for Finance
and Business .loittt llartigatt. tltc campus
believes it will get back tltc rtittc jobs slated
for layoff bttt may lose up to 400.000 itt stlp~
port funds.

“The implication of this anticipated situa-
tiott for next year," \tilti llnrtigrtn. “force of-
ficials to grapple with tltc posstbility of a
fee." Front previous budget cuts we will lose
ottc driver nextycar."he said.”attd now with
the new early retirement program sorttc
drivers may opt for retirement."

Wlten asked wltether arty specific pro-
posals were available. Stevens said, “It
Would ttot be prodtrctivc for rttc to discuss
next year’s proposals until‘we get specifrcs
from tltc legislature."

According to Director of Physical Plant
Dennis Stevetts. at least one proposal does
exist. dated Marclt 18, 1983. which was
reportedly drafted by llartigan artd Stevens.
it calls for a core bus systctn based on tile
Alumni/Draper rotttc with a user fee.

According to tltc proposal. Alttrntti Quad
residents would pay $10 per setttcstcr. off
campus students would pay $25 per settlestcr.
and strnttttcr tickets would cost $l5.

  

W l ram—WWW

'lltc fee would be required of .rll tudcnts.
faculty altd stuff. according to tltc proposal.
A transportation pth would he issued to all
eligible tidct s. and contctticncc illltib\ nould
ltc atllilaltlc. with each title coxtinc ltl cents.
for riders requiring bits scrwicc tor their
duties. special trip pus-res nould ltc .t\.ril.r|tlc.

When ttskcd to comment on liti\ |ilt||m~ttl.
llnrtiguttsrtid that it nus futon tltc high side.
although tltc cttttccpt nus ttccttrutc. He said
ltc cspcctcd llit.‘ specifics l'rotn tltc legislature
in the near fttturc. uttd then the. school could
formulate a lt'\‘lst.‘ti proposal.

SA President Mike torso. who has par-
ticipated irt discussions on tltc proposed fee.
said ltc favored no action tttttil tltc legislatute
acted. “i am adrttttattlly opposed to fees." ltc
said. “although they are still ptrsltittg for
them."

iiartigan said that he made tltc assumption
of losing up to three drivers to rctirctttent and
that the state may elirttirtnte those positions.

“The resulting 20 percent personnel cut is
serious detcriortttion."said llartigart. -

Stevens agreed witlt Hartigltn. saying
"without tltc t'cc we face a rcttl ittability to
provide the same service next year."

l-lrtrtigan said ltc supports a bus fee to
maintain existing bus service attd contends
that wititottt a fee. service will deteriorate.

Final approval for any bus fcc proposal.
according to Corso, must go through tltc
Board of Trustees attd tltc Division of
Budget. 1 r

 

 

 

 

