 

“maﬁa;- .4

Aspects Centerfold

 

ht: Psychology itit’ljtJt’. according

to [it (tordori (i (iallup ilr .

i’ltiiitiitritt of the Psytliolriiiy
l)epai'trrieirt. contains more iiiitieigiatliratt-
majors than any other tli'partrt‘reitt til the
university The department iti total titll
tariis approximately Hill) majors. \Ulitt‘lt Is
roughly two to three hundred itioie majors
than the next most popular course of
study in (iallup further elaborated oit this
fact by stating that one out of every seven
undergraduates (by the tiirte they have
reached their jtinior year.) will declare
themselves a psychology irrajor Altltouglt
few undergraduate majors oi'igiiially
eittered as psychology. rrtariy of the people
iii the department were tire-medical or pre-
business majors.-

William D. Charmak

With these fairly surprising statistics. one
may ask lite reasons surrounding the
department's popularity. Does the depart‘
ment (ntajor) desigtiate a ritirtirttal
workioad?. Are most of the courses typical‘
ly easy "A" couses? Are there many oppor-
tunities in the job market. when one holds
a bachelor of arts in psychology? The
answer to all of these questions is no.
Then. why is this the most popular major iii
the university? Dr. Gallup explained tlrat
the psychology major is simply not the
sterotype of the “easy major" that so many
students have labeled it. He stated that the
program is demanding. and that the
psychology department awards fewer of
the grades "A" and "B" than any other
academic department. Why then do
students choose to declare themselves
psychology majors arid not majors of
another academic discipline?

Perhaps. because its Interesting.
Psychology as a course of study literally
cuts across every academic subject. giving
the student a well-rounded background.
The university's course. listings in
psychology are quite extensive; one cart
choose to study the environmental aspects
of behavior and study topics iii the
psychology of human sexuality.

Moreover. psychology (more so tirart

 

SVchology T

In the ever tightening job market,

 

L
_

the sciences are holding their own.

necessary skills anti training to understand
the fatets of human bohavror Hence with
this invaluable hat kgtottntl one may gairi a
litttt advantage iii the working world.
viper tally if that tit't‘ttjttrlttitt involves some
writ of puiilir relations work Since a
background rtt psyrhology is such a useful
instrument. main, undergraduates use the
psychology triajot its tlte basis for pre
medical or pie-low major. Such students
will declare iltetristrlves as psychology nia-
jors wtrile simultaneously firlfillittg the re-
quirerrieiits for trietltcal school or another
professional school in addition to these
types of majors there are those students
that have declared themselves as double
majors irt conjunction with psychology. in
addition to the psychology department's
numerous majors there are also marty'
minors witltirt the department: for again.
psychology makes art excellent combina-
tion with virtually any major. thereby con-
lirnrirtg its diversification and relative flex-
ibility.

The undergraduate ntajor in
psychology. according to Dr. Gallup. is
limited irt terms of pursuing employment iii
an occupation that involves psychological
service. it is just about impossible to gain
some sort of employment that entails
psychological duties with the bachelor of
arts degree. if one chooses to pursue a
career in some aspect of psychology.
graduate trainirtg is absolutely imperative.
Minimally. a masters degree is needed.
The majority of master‘s programs. in
psychology require the completion of thirty
credits for'a semester calendar and fourty—
five for a quarter calendar. Part of this total
usually must be spent at the institution
granting the master's degree. Most students
complete these requirements through
course work and a thesis and extensive
research project. Admission to a master‘s
program varies witlt each institution. Most
of the schools require results from the
Gradute Record Examination. extensive
recomriiertdations. a minimum grade poirtt
average and sometimes the knowledge of a
foreign language.

ideally. a doctoral degree (PhD or l’syi))
is needed. Doctoral programs vary lrortt

 

 

 

any other course of study). gives one the

program to program in the number of

credit hour requirements. due to the fact
that the goal of most doctoral programs is
the dissertation. Upon entrance to a doc-
toral program. the student may be required
to take a preliminary examination prior to
receiving admission candidacy. in addition
to minimum grade point averages and
Gradute Record Examination scores. the
student Is usually required to show a
reading knowledge of one. if not two.
foreign languages. Tire most common
languages are French. German. and Rus-
sian. Upon the completion of the doctoral
course work. the student develops a disser-
tation proposal (usually with assistance
from faculty mentors). The disssertation is
then writtert and submitted to a faculty
counsel. Following the submission of the
dissertation. the doctoral student usually
takes an oral examination based on the
topic of his or her thesis: hence an oral
defense.

Both the master's and doctoral degrees
require a large commitment. in addition to.
of course. much determination. Generally.
a master's program cart be completed in
two years of ftrll tltrie study. whereas the
doctoral degree can usually be completed
wttltirt four or five years.

With a master's degree titre cart enter the
fields of industrial psychology. Guidance
and Psychological Services. Community
psychology and School Psychology. Once
ati individual has coirrpleted a master's
program he cannot take on the title of
"psychologist". though he or site cart call
themselves a "therapist." The title of
psychologist only cart come with the
credentials of a doctoral degree.

According to Dr. Gallup the most
popular doctoral program is in clinical
psychology. Presently. clinical psychology
is one of the most difficult graduate pro-
grams to gain entrance to. Dr Gallup
stated that the university's clinical doctoral
gradugte progrartt (wlticlt is accredited by
flit! Ariterican Psychological Association).
receives on the average of two-hundred
and fifty to tinge-hundred applications
Welly. (mm which only approxitriatly Itlltt‘
to ten candidates are t'ttirst ..

()rie can easily site that to t‘ltlL'i a pro
grain in clinical psychology is just about as
difficult (if not more tllilit'llll) tliati ritetiical
school l)i tirilliip further elaborated on
the fact that the etiipltiytneitt outlook for
clinical psychologists (with the doctoral
degree) is quite good; it is less favorable for
those who only hold the master's degree
There is a strong demand for qualified irt~
dividuals iii psychiatric hospitals. correc-
tioual institutions. inertial hygiene clinics.
V A hospitals. arid community health
centers Practicing psychologists cart ex‘
pect to earn within the range of .‘liifitl.(if)(i
annually.

in addition to the program in clinical
psychology. there is an increasing
popularity iii industrial and Organizational
psychology. At the present time there is an
increasing market for qualified profes-
stoiialsto utilize their psychological skills in
large corporate settings and in ad—

 

 

 

...urme .\|~xrr-v- 7.... .7... _

   
  

 

 

 

 

oday

\

ministrative positions. Starting salaries for
those who hold the doctoral degree iii lnr
dusrtial and Organizational psychology (in
the average range from approxitriatly
$3()'35.000 artnualiy. in addltlorr to the
demand for such qualified individuals.
there Is also a rapidly increasing need for
Individuals to devote their services it) labor
and Industrial relations.

Besides the clinical and ltitlttsitial
psychology programs. other sorrtewitat less
popular programs are in educr'tiional
psychology. community psychology, and
counseling psychology; but these programs
as well are gaining their own popularity
with considerable speed.

The university psychology departirtent
contains thirty-two full time faculty
members. According to Dr (iallup the
department is research oriented. receiving
in the range of a half million dollars annual
iy in federal grants. from which the depart
merit produces approximatly ()Itu'ltlitttltt'tl
and twenty scholarly publications a year /\
.large percentage of the faculty is affiliated
with nationally reknowned organizations
and psychological committees. ()n the
whole the department boasts a prorritnarrt.
internationally rekriowned faculty; lillt'
wlticlr Dr. Gallup confidently called the
best psychology department within llit‘
SUNY system. The department can he
sub-divided into four clusters. a ('lltilt.il
cluster. a bio-psychology cluster. a moat
personality cluster anti a cognitive an.
developmental cluster.

Presently. the psychology department
does not require a rrtiitiiital grade point
average to declare air undergraduate mail it
within the department tltoitglr the idea has
been considered. Presently the major in
quires a iitiiilittuitt of fifty-one tlt’titl“
twenty-seven credits of those ftftvnitv
credits must be in psychology and must in
clude psychology courses lit lliltlltittt lliti'
psychology. experimental psychology. and
statistical methods.

in addition to the general lecture type
courses. the department also offers int 'It
porturrity for research and ltttlt'jit’tt'
-.tiitly. which can be extremely l)\‘llt‘lt

unrectallv for those i‘.'li4t are plarriiinti l" “i
tend it girtttttut- piturrairr. r u it. I-mrtrtma

also sponsors .iit lttiitoi‘s program ||i it! .‘v

the student can tixr t‘ll aritl e:~.p.tntl llII‘

jot beyond the tioiiital tlt‘illlI‘ oi 'i

designated course load
'l'lie psychology

cooperation with the tlt'partirtt'iit of mini r

arid counseling psi/t‘hology i

 

department

tiorial

presently in the protest, of designing .r nwv '

 

 

 

major in which one will be able to obtain .:=

bachelor's degree in addition to a rrrautr‘r'.
degree in counseling psychology in .i w in.
binetl program l'lL‘tit'U the program wrll Iii
clude four years of undergraduate study
with the expecttoir of one further Vi'ttl of
study for the master's degree. Dr (iallttp
commented upon the fact that this program
will make the ordinary bachelor of arts
degree in psychology ntore rriarketaitlt-_ hitt
there will be stringent adrrrisston quotas to
the program. This program will take effect
next fall. -

 

 

be news ls filled with the woitders

of modern technology. leading

many people to believe the best
potential for their future is lit the sciertces.
Aspects went to Dr. Shelton Batik. pro-
fessor of Chemistry arid Dr. Richard Kelly.
professor and undergraduate advisor in
Biology for their impressions of the future
of science education and the job i ' ket.

Megan Gray Taylor

 

 

____.__—_4._.__~._ ._.-e.

Science has a reputation for "weeding
out" undergraduates. Both Bank and Kelly
deny this. Bank pointed out that "national-
iy about 33 percent of all incoming
freshman declare science majors. yet 11
percent actually graduate as such.
SUNYA‘s statistics are comparable". Batik
postulates several reasons for the attrition.
"Science is a very inner-directed inajnr.
You can't bull-shit about a chem lab over a
cup of coffee." People come to realize the
genuine difficulty of science requirements
and also may have the opportunity to take
courses they were never exposed to
before. ‘

And what about graduate study? Here
the two divide on necessity. bttt not on ad-
vice. Kelly believes tltere is a market for the
BS. irt Biology if you have a teaching cerA
tificate. otherwise the prospects are bleak.
Molecular biology is clearly the strongest
field. but the state health labs arid others
are laying off people and iii general jobs are
hard to find. industry is snapping up the
molecular graduate degrees. Salaries in tit-
tiustry are two times that of academia. but
graduate study is essential. (This also of
counts for good university faculty leaving
teaching for industry).

The picture in Clieritistry is more positive
for the four year degree holder. hut Bank.
loo. advises graduate study. “The decision
level. that of design and analysis. is only at
the Phi) level " Batik was quick to add.
though. that graduate study llt (‘lrt-mrstry
jhikes trertieridons t‘tilttrltlflllvril (as much
it». It) horn» .r week). while tirilii..trv It.
'ihviv and willing to strap up B .H and M \’
'j'il‘“ . with starting dates in the in!”
l-ilf-ilitttrattrte Aim ... stunt-stirrer. 
site. ‘xliNYA viliitl‘i "\k'i' liavr' llit' ltltilit'Ni

(certified in; thi‘ [\lltt‘tlt an (‘lit-rriit .il ‘\‘it'lt'
tit) i-i airy ‘ilitil’ in In iol tlllii WU itiiil-. tliiitl lit
fire while lit'litriil l\'l’i .iiitl (lttl'ltkll H

ilrililu' Biol-nit
study can by initial to securing t-rtrjiloy
ineiit, llit' t’lrerrrti'al industry
prefer training lltt‘lt own people “(M‘i‘t hall
the people iti tiidtistty .ttt‘ itoikriig in
polymers. yet illl‘it‘ Hjtt‘t'ifk'
iiiider‘gi'adiiare t’titttst's iii the field " Both
organic and analytic filk‘llii‘iliy provide
good bases for this kind of work (if
SUNYA'S (Tlit'rriistiv iiiajors about half go
to graduate school (with acceptance in to
some of the best schools iii the country His
cludiiig Harvard and Stanford). a quarter
go to medical school and the rest go direct~
ly in industry.

Kelly “Hide the point that there is no
such thing as a pre-irred rriajor at SUNYA.
Tire excessive number of Biology
undergraduates is ofteit the result of this
misnomer. Although SUNYA has good
placement records in medical schools. the
major really doesn't matter. “as lortg as you
take the basic required courses you cart
major in anything". SUNYA offers a 5 year
B.S/M.S. degree program iii which
research for the master's is started during
the senior year. with awarding of the
degree at the end of the 5th year. Although
there is only one student currently pursuing
this course (it was just instituted last year).
there is hope that ittore serious biology
students will choose this degree program.

The importance of undergraduate
research is obvious given the competitive
job market. In Chemistry there are lit)
declared majors of which 27 are doing
research. Bank feels that this research is a
tough experience. “There's rrol that much
direction. they have to rely on themselves
and some aren't coittfortable with this."
Till! opportunity. however. is there and the
statisths on student publications from these
Projects are irripressive fl oitt of every tr
ctr-author a paper)

Because of the high number of Biology

\Vllt‘lt' «.pt-ttfttttv o'

st'r'iti-t tti

r|IU llti

 

 

pert t'llltHit’ til t t'tllilt'ti «heuristry graduates ]

 

'nr. Shelton tiruit (left), out .

majors, resmirrli is extremely corripetitive
"The staff doesn't have lllttt’ and doesn't
want to take lltt'lit on" especially with the
added pressure to publish and thereliy
secure grant funds \Vlrtth liitiigs tip the
point that uittleigiadrirtte ri-si-aitlr l‘r trot
lillilli‘li by the school but must come iitrl
of the grant i||lttl~ of the jiiottwsoi

triant fttlttl‘t are the dett'irrirrrtrig lat ti it ill

' litany of tlit'sti lustre» l'li-i "" "will [W
..._ ca...” ti'lt rotrf tit-iii ‘tLt'll l-.litt\\t
names at Iii-ijvrt ttlitti‘r irtin liaii' lost
litntis ll.il|l". -.t.ttt'tl that “l' il't tl Ill lie to t!
of 1‘ or "i lltitl riot iliItIii’ti tion iii-- will». .irtr

ltitii of lilttt not-w " llllt‘ tIiltlt‘fl (iii ~.v.iti-'
to apple for «'\i't\. tt\.tllttltlt' tr.r:tt and to

ramp [tilltllitltitlli li-rnw. tIItI- h iii-m unit for
iiivolt't'trtt'iir \\‘Illi utuderttu

lititli Ht’lli. <lllti liaiik litl\l‘ .i liaiil lllllt'
llittlt'l\l.illtl|iil| rlrr‘ gott'iiniit‘rtt'n pit-.ittoir

towards lit'llv hurl-i it rii« illll
])l\'lit'|i‘.til)lt‘ tlral lt‘t'agari ha». managed to
"distriantli'" liil' l l’t\ and that \\'.ttt ton
ttrrties to r‘vsrioy the eiiviioiitiivnt Both
recognize the oveiwhelrirtrtg need for
science teachers oti the high school level.
anti yet liotli ttlt' aware that these jtllt‘t .m-
not being matitI more attractive for the
science graduate in contrast. the chance of
getting a job at the University level is slim
Like many schools. SUNYA is iii a position
wliei'e if a professor leaves. he or site caii~
not be replaced. Budget cuts and the
general state of the economy only add to
the competitiveness of these jobs

st tt'trt r'

Aspects asked about SUNYA's graduate
programs arid got mixed responses Batik
feels our deitar'tttieiit stands strong arttoitg
the Coit'tpetition. There are stipends (ap-
prox. $6.200) available (chem labs have to
be taught). and we have it really strong
placement record. He stresses. however.
his belief that those who have done their
undergraduate work here should go
elsewhere for their advanced degrees. “if
not for the masters. definitely for the PhD."
Adtrtissioirs are corripetitive and the stair
(lords are liiglt.

The picture irt Biology is somewhat till-
fei'ent. Although there has been an overall
increase iii the number til graduate applica<
tions there has been a significant decrease
in the number of applicants to certain coit-
t‘eritrarioits. 'l'he cell/tlevelopittental sec-
tiort has iro new graduate students this
semester. iieui‘opltysioltigy has one. while
ecology and trtoleculai‘ remain strong both
in applicants and those attending. The New
York 'l'iities annually rates schools by
department and publication. Although

 

 

Science: The Job Frontier?

\.\\\ \ka


\ .00.???

l
II-r
rr

SilNYA's lirology tll']h|lllll|’ltl has never
appeared tilt the list Kelly feels strongly that
“a kid can get a good education if he she

wants tl " "We liava a really good [wit ttlty "

especially strong ttt tirolvttilrii gerit'trts ii
the tit-prrititithit has a weakness. its plants
"We have itU UUtJLl basic lititrtitu Luuisu.
t'\\'tl ltll rlttiI-ai't ill'tll effectively with it "

«creme majors ititi‘ the [ti-iltlt'lli of
Ilii‘lt'kiiii\lit"v than titlrt'l
lltl‘ll‘ in .t tll'illtili’ "loik sit-p' '-i't)tlt'lilt'

Itittrt‘ tiiririri-

    

\r'oti triii't ialw l'mnlrt‘irrrdit, "tiliittd
iiitjarrii itr--t .r- i.‘iiti t .rn't take liar rota  ii
u‘itliotit hit-.tt {(t'lii‘lit t llii‘t lt'itil's in in it i‘
tau-rite itl.t)itt~ a llittlt' lliltiliitit'lil‘iiii'v ‘vt
l\.'i‘tl -.t‘i* illt' ‘ntllit' pt‘nplt' i  illt'it

irritl Illtili‘ Itllt'li than not llit"t pm-pl.‘
illtlltl a l II)|Illtlill.i‘|il to \toildritt hurl l'iotl.
l\'t'll\- tiliti l'ttitil. support Ilt‘dilltiliililt rt'

initreirri'tits liiritl. 'vltttlhtl‘. it'ttitttlttt‘trtittltt
“lill\llli_l i-t‘i iv totirw von trrri'

l‘his liroright up another point of Ni rent u
education As technology It|\‘ritlt'\ttiil daily
lllt' more and more each day. ran and
should the rroirscierit'e illi.)l)i he reached"
Kelly feels strongly that lilt' llrologv tlt'pait
iiit'nt has succeeded to a large i-xtvnt tit this
avenue "We have Bro lilil, Wliit'li is a pit»
requisite for social welfare. and which is a
very popular course with nori-rttajois We
also have Nutrition. Oceans. and next year
Marine Mariirrtals." all of which will fill
distribution requiteiiients and draw good
crowds.

in contrast. Clieitiistry has not. so far.
succeeded irt overcoming non-science itta~
jor intimidation oi the subject. To try and
deal with this problem. Batik and others
are designing a Course for iiort-mnjors
(hopefully for next year). that will tackle
those areas that tend to scare off non»
majors such as 3-d clteirtistry and talk
about the chemistry of everyday life like
cleaning agents. arid the chemistry of cook-
iitg (“any feedback would be helpful").

Like Kelly. Batik believes “we do well by
our kids. They're super and they know it."
There is no hesitation about the absolute
top quality education for majors.

Obviously. Chemistry and Biology are
riot the only frontiers of new technology.
Coritpiiter Science. an essential tool
language for the other sciences. has come
irtto its own with graduate applications for
exceeding arty other science department.
Although jobs for the 13.5 holder are
available they are ittit at till at the salary
levels one might expect ($ii‘l.f)tltl range).
In this burgeoning field. a BS. can get yoit
a good job. while air advanced degree
arrtl/ or any experience tips that coir

‘

Aspects Centerfold

  

l(’tfltlft)5 litI Will Yimirttti)

 

siderably. H'UNYA's department is strong
but understaffed

Unfortunately. ripper division class we
it'inairis Very large (as itiariy as 115i) people
tti lifttl level course», arid over a hundred in
iltlfl level tourses) Attt'iiips to offset this
have been made by the use of tl|5t\15’attil\

set iitili‘i t itii litt’t!i Iilit t- a \‘.t't'r\ rirt I".t'il
thew have .ipjiioxtrriatelv rlil [ti‘iijtlt‘
i‘t'ttliiﬁt‘ of this interest. tilllilit'lillillt for

itilh .itrtl tjtritltirtlt’ .itliiiissrtriin rIIl‘ itioiit;

l‘it't rose of llih ovt'ii‘rtntilintj .tattirig

 

llti‘ ‘-t|ii:t|il'i. the it'quiit-rrrents tor .t (‘Sl
entree t-.rll i‘t‘ tlraitgt-tl so that Ltltl iiriist
1 ilit‘ t‘ it ilf‘r iir lotir ltIIt' ['8‘] t'tttll‘tt'n (“if
: --lli|lt‘lil' ltltt' Biology attrtlt'iiis ll.i\i' .i ti‘ii,‘
j tlllllt iill liitit' getting to l.\flll\ on lllilll't I‘. lit

 

rj- lllli‘ll‘tliilii“ piofu tii‘ulilitt-itti’ to «are
hast-i lht' tillit’t side of this.

is that ilttlt’ is it great ill'ili of

..t-.u lilu'!
upturn
prmutrie on professor . to lu't’ll tip with in.
llill'dtlt' world that makes rirajoi admin-rs
daily Often it is not the |iltlft’\htll's t ltoit t-
to get to student. the sliver
i timber» in class are tt\\'i\\’ltc'ltttlttt_] Bank
t‘titlttliL'ltlt’tl on this If you have litti or to
students you can make the effort to teach
llit‘lti one to one. whether that contact is
negative or positive. but with Iitttt or more
students one can't even wave hello to that
irraity people.

Physics and Earth Science (geology. .tr-
ittospltei‘ic science. etc) and Mathematics
are also proiriising fields Physics. allhoirglt
one of tht.I most obscure fields in terms of
number of riiajors. has tremendous
marketability arid art ever increasing
number of graduate applicants SUNYA's
undergraduates are recruited for summer
positions with firms like GE giving them ex-
cellent ‘in-lield‘ work experience. Here too.
large firms recognize the strength of
SUNYA's graduates and actively recruit
them. in Contrast to Biology.
undergraduate research is very available
within the physics department.

One major reason students have pur-
sued the sclertces with such a vengeitance
is that promise of a marketable degree. We
itave seen front these comments that that is
not always the case. CSl. Biology arid
' Chemistry majors all seek that practical ex-
perience that looks good tilt a resume.
Aspects asked if education in the future
might alter its approach to accomodate
these goals. i.e. make science education
more of a technical training ground. The
overwlielriiirrg response was no. 'i'lieor'y is
the background of education and there is

know a

 

no evidence that that approach will
change. ' l

i

 

 

 

 

 

 

