 

 

arcs-pa.

.-;.}"E' ‘1». ~77:- M

$.—

. eggs-JV. ‘ T.» a.“

a

9 avatz-vyﬁsﬁ‘r'w -

it
.i

   
 
   

 

 

 

 

Keith Murder

By
ASStX‘M TE A'le TS EDITOR

 

After an emotion-packed Weekend which
saw them beat local rival Union in the cham-
pionship game of the Capital District Tour-
nament. the Albany State men‘s basketball
team suffered a‘lmajor letdown by losing to
Hartwick 74-51 the following Tuesday. '
November 22. This loss dropped the Danes’
season record to 2-l. .

Hartwlck is a team rich in talent with an .
abundance in size. They have four‘of live
starters back from last year's squad which
made the NCAAs. Their three starting front
court men are all over 6‘6" and their guards
measure 6'4" and 6‘0“. The Danes just
couldn’t match up with this size. ‘

“We play a l-3-I woe defense; ifyou have
the right personnel with the big pornt guard .
you can do it.” said Hartwick Coach Nick
Lambros. “We had a 6‘7“ guy on (5'7'
Dane point guardDan) Croutier." I

Late in the first half the Danes fought their.

way back into the game. Down by four wrth
l:2l left in the half. Jan Zadoorian crashed
the offensive boards and was fouled. Before
he could shoot his shots Jerry ()‘(irady was
hit with a technical. This gave Albany an op-
portunity, to cut the deficit to one thh
possession of the hall. Zadoorian missed the
front end of the one and one. and Croutter
converted the technical; Albany then didn't
cash in on the ensuing posscsion. A Wilson
Thomas jumper at the buuer capped oil. a
7-2 Albany streak right before halftime with
the score Hartwick 28. Albany 25.

In the second half Albany came out flat;
this enabled Hartwick to blow the game wide
open. Sharp shooting by the Warriors led to
Albany's defeat. as they shot 50 percent from
the ﬂoor and an astounding Io-Io front the
line in the second half.

“We played like the season was over on >

Saturday.“ commented Albany Head Coach
Dick Sauers. ."Our guards didn't control

their guards. We have alot of work to do ’

beforcStony Brook." ' .
Sauers felt Thomas was one bright spot in
defeat. “Wilson has been working as hard as

  

I've seen him work." he said.

As for Stony Brook the Danes will Itave
their hands full with 6'4" forward Gregory -
Angrum and 6'9" center David Burda.

According to Sauers. Angrum is the best
athlete on the team whose only question
mark Isissho .Heisa and n netrafo and

  

has the ability to handle the ball like a guard.
A very good leaper. Angrum can post up
most forwards and must be boxed out

especially on the offensive boards. Thomas-

and Adam Ursprung will have to continue
their strong play on the boards to neutralize
him. .. . *

 

  
  

 

Dave Adam and the rest of the Great Dan

the Patriots tomorrow night at 7:30.

‘ Boa LUCKEV uas
as will travel to Stony Brook and take on

 look to bounce back against Stony Brock

Burda is 'a big muscular center who is not
afraid to pull the trigger. He too must be
boxed out. This will keep Pcte Gosulc. John
Mracek. and Greg Hart busy all night long in
a battle underneath. He is not too mobile but
is not shy about dribbling in from the wing.

Thc‘rcst of their starting team. according
to Sauers. is Brian Reed. a 6'3" forward who
only looks to shoot off the break; Pete Ax-
cIson. a good shooter whose major flaw is
that he needs a lot of time to get his shot off.
Axclson is an agressivc defensive player who
has trouble handling the ball against
pressurchheir point gttard is Keith Walker
who is extremely quick but doesn't look to
shoot. -
Albany's guards should have no trouble
matching up against Stony Brook‘s gttards as
Croutier and Dave Adatn are both quick
enough to pressure opposing guards ittlo
tnaking mistakes. which scents to be a major
problem for Stony Brook. This \‘as exploited
by Staten island. who forced many turnovers
by using a tough trapping defense. Another
factor in theStatcn Island game was the fact
that Stony Brook fell apart when Angrttm
was in foul trouble.

Coming off the bcttch Stony Brook has
6'3" sharp shooting forward in Tabarc Bor»
ban. attd Andrew Vasscl. a 5")" guard who is
very quick bttt like Walker doesn‘t look
towards the basket.'

On dc ' Stony Brook plays a 2-3 which
is very agrcssrvc up front. They only try to
run occasionally, because they are usually
trying to set up the offc sc for Burda.
HOOP-LA: Stony Brook is not a member of
the SUNY Conference— the Danes open up
their confercttce schedule Wednesday night
against Mike Pocyntylnk and the Onconta
Red Dragons. . . 'I'Itomus letl the Danes tn
scoring against llurtwiek with ii and
Ursprung led them ill rebounding with
7. . . The Dane guards shot a horrendous
9-33 while trying to shoot over Ilurtwick's
l-J-l defense which had a 6‘7“. a 6‘4". and a
6'0" player up on top... Tomorrow‘s game
will be broadcast live on 9| FM WCDB
beginning at 7:30 p.m. with broadcasters
Adam Goodman and Steve Goldstein. Cl

 

p

 

Women cagers. drop games to RP! and Onconta

 

By Mark Wilgard

SL-lll ii‘Rll

 

 

Last Tuesday. the Albany State women's
basketball team turned in a lackluster perfor-
mance against RPI and came up on the short
end of a 62-50 score. With a week off bet-
ween that. game and a meeting with

.SUNYAC rival Onconta. the women cagcrs
had hoped to strike back and push their
record over the .500 level. The Danes turned
in a line defensive game and played Onconta
tough most of the way. Bttt there's one thing
any defense has trouble containing: 25—foot
jump shots from near the sidelines.

That‘s what did the Danes in. Oneunta's
Deanne Hendricks scored 15 of her I7 points
in the second half and led her team to a
come-from-behind 67-57 victory. Most ofher
points were scored on these long-range shots.

“We looked too percent better out there
than we did against RPI." remarked Albany
Head Coach Mari Warner. "Those type of
shots are tough to stop. Once they got the
“momentum rolling in their favor, we stacked
off and let them get right in the game."

The Danes saw numerous leads evaporate
during the game. Albany eased up near the
end of the ﬁrst half and blew an eight-point
lead. taking a 25-24 advantage into the locker
.room. x

"We haven't been playing well under
pressure," commented Warner. "When we
get the lead. we tend to slow down."

The Danes held Onconta scoreless the first

four mintttcs of the second half and built up
a IO-point lead. But once again Albany saw
their lead diminish and with eight minutes re-
maining, the game was all tied up. Onconta
pulled away after that for thc.67-57 win. .

“We played a nice defensive game." state;i
Warner. “It was that one kid who httrt 115.
plus our shots‘just weren't falling."

Rainny Lesanc led the Danes with 2]
points. Ronnie Patterson had I2 points. and
Kim Kosalek added it poittts .and 8 re-
bounds.

Warncr was quick to praise the Onconta
club. “They are a strong. well-balanced
team. They may be the team to beat in the
SUNYACs."

' Albany is noiv i and 2 on the year. but
Warner says. "We have to look ahead and be
positive.” S‘l I" center Nancy Grasso is due
back any day now. and “She'll give us that
extra rebounding strength and toughness we
need." said Warner.

Warner is not accustomed to such a slow
start. Last year. the team won it of its first
l3 games before tailing off hear the end of
the season. But Warner said she and her
young team “would rather be peaking when
the post-season begins. instead of now."
Nevertheless. the Great Danes would like to
generate~as soon as possible the kind 0f Play
that made them the Cinderella team of last

year, when they finished with a season mark
of KM and barely missed qualifying for the
New York State Championships. Ci

 

ED MARUSSICH UPB

The women's basketball team dropped games to RPI and Oneonta setting their
season record at 1-2. They will travel to Manhattanvltlo tomorrow.

 

 

 

 

 

pa
, ‘it

  

. December 6, ‘1 983

 
   

 

 

  

 

 

NYPIRG reveals toxic waste dum «‘8

 

By Eric Hindin

SDI/"I" WRITER

 

New York's environment is being polluted
by tens of thousands of toxic landfills. in-
dustrial discharges. and other sources of
chemical contamination. according to the
New York Public interest Research Group
(NYPlRG). Albany County is no exception.-
adds Patty Ciarfclla. a member of
NYPlRCl's SUNYA chapter.

NYPIRG at SUNYA sponsored a Toxic
Victims Forum in the Campus Center
Ballroom last Wednesday. According to
Ciarfclla, they are presently participating in a
state wide effort aimed at an increase in
government action and programs for the
cleanup of the many toxic waste duntps in
New York state.

One sttch dump. said Ciarl'clla. is located
less than a tnile from SUNYA. and as such.
whatever harmful effects this dtttnp has on its
surrounding community will also include
SUNYA students living on the ttptown cam-
ptts.

Ni. Industries. according to (‘ittrl'ella.
formerly located on Central Avctnte. was
shutdown in 197‘) when the attorney general
brought suit against the company on behalf
on tltc Department of Energy and Conserva-
tion (DEC). In testing prior to this suit. Nl.'s
property was found to exceed federal safety
limits for toxic waste dumping. explained
Ciarfclln.

According to David Romano. the regional
Air Pollution Control Engineer for DEC. the
United States Department of Energy was at
the site this fall to survey the area. The results
of this survey. said Romano. should be made
public by the end of the winter. The Depart-
tttcttt of Energy will be back in the spring.
and at that time. added Romano. there might

  

\B.‘

The map indicates locations of over i000
known or potentially hazardous waste dumps in
New York State. NYPIRG hopes to increase
government action for the cleanup of such sites.
One such dump is located less than a mile from

SUNYA.

 

- - ----r

 

be some cleanup. The timetable. Romano
said. is entirely up to the Federal Department
of Energy. Though the state tioes have a
lawsuit in progress against NL Industries.
this does not affect plans for a cleanup of the
area. he noted.

Ciarfclla said that the situation is tnorc
serious than tnost pcopic reali/c. NL in-
dttstrics used what is called a “shallow waste

.. . . .t . . . . .»
burial.“ he noted. and (‘iurfella charges that
NI. Industries did not construct their burial
properly. and as such lttts infected their
porpcrty with dangerous radioactive uranitnn
U235.

According to Dr. Albanics. of the New
York State (icologicttl Survey. on organi/a-
tion tied to the State Education Department,

19>

. ea
t"

. \c '
VOLUME LXX “ vit‘ﬁﬁupkﬁhvmaak 45
WA“: mu -.

ream pins

at» “9"

 

       

. .J‘

     

NVPIRO Graphic

Corporate policies in South Africa denounced

 

By Ian Clements
STAFF It‘RlTER

 

“In South Africa during the last hour 1000
men were arrested, 500 babies died and one
American company made a profit of $5.000.
By the time I finish (the speech) I will show
that this campus has had something to do
with this." said Bojan Vuyisilc Jordan during
a speech Saturday at SUNYA.

Jordan. president of the American-South
African Peoples' Friendship Association,
\ 'as one ofa number ofsp 'akers at the Third
World Caucus Conference this weekend.

The conference. sponsored by the Student
Association of the State Universtiy (SASU).
also featured a speech by Larry Curtis. :1
SUNYA educational opportunity admissions
counselor.

“Your companies are killing my people.

American companies get ottt of South Africa
now." claimed .lordan. “Yottr companies
are nothing bttt murderers and Reagan is
mttrdercr ttuntbcr one." Jordan maintained.

"You are partly responsible for the
murder. tragedy and pain itt South Africa."
he told the audience of approximately 40
people. He explained that the State Universi-
ty of New York invests in some U.S. colit-
panies which invest in South Africa. These

 

Washington
(AP) President Reagan. escalating the US.
role in Lebanon with the first air strikes
against Syrian gunners. says tlte United
States will keep hitting back in retaliation
for any attack on American forces in
Beirut.

Earlier Sunday. 28 U.S. warplanes staged
a retaliatory attack against Syrian anti-
aircraft positions that had fired Saturday
on two unarmed U.S. Navy reconnaissance
planes flying over Lebanon.

Two of the U.S. planes were downed and
one pilot was rescued after the raid. while
another flier was captured by Syrian forces.
Syria‘s defense minister said today a third
airman died of injuries.

The two pilots who fell in Syrian-held ter-
ritory were identified as Lt. Mark A.
Lange. 26. of Frasier. Mich.. and Lt.
Robert O. Goodman. 27. of Portsmouth.
N.H.

They were classified by the Navy as miss-
ing bttt Syria's defense minister, Lt. Gen.

 

U.S. role escalated in Lebanon;
eight Marines killed in shelling

Mttstal'a Tlass. told Tltc Associated Press in
a telephone interview that Lange had died
and said the body would be tttrtted over to
the U.S. Embassy in Damascus “in the
course of the day."

Regarding Goodman. who was captured.
Tlass said: "He is in excellent condition. itt
good health. suffering no injury of any
kind."

He said interviews with Goodman would
be allowed “as soon as the investigation is
finished."

Asked when Goodman would be freed.
Tlass said: "Like in all wars. when war is
over. That is when the Americans will leave
Lebanon."

The Pentagon gave no estimate of
damage cattscd by the LOGO-pound bombs
and clttster bombs dropped by American
planes. but Syria said two of its troopers
died and 10 were wounded. it also said it
lost an ammunition dump.

Even before Reagan could sound his war-

17>

 

 

,m~;m Tmsm h.

 

l he said. support the South
African government which .Iordart opposes.
“We are not fighting five million whites (of
Sotttlt Africa). we are fighting multina-
tionals." be emphasized.

lie asked the audience to pressure SUNY
to stop investing in companies whiclt have
South African investments. He cited tltc case
of the Unvicrsity of Michigan. witcrc
students pressured the school officials into
withdrawing investments from those com-
panies with South African interests.

Jordan explained his anti-corporate stance
saying. “In order to stop protest the Sottth
African government needs money. U.S.
businesses supply money to btty guns."

He di sscd the conditions of black peo-
ple irt his native land ofSouth Africa. ‘Accor~
ding to Jordan. black people may not vote or
participate on any lawmaking body. “They
receive one-tenth the salary of their white
counterparts," he contended, “For every 50
babies born. 20 usually die before they are six
months old." he said. The average life span
for a black person is 4| years. while for a
white person it is 67 years. stated Jordan.

He asserted that a white policeman. after
killing a black man in chains said. “We don‘t
work under statutes."

Jordan compared the situation in South
Africa to that of Iran shortly before
American hostages were taken. “We are say-

 

ing In American companies. ‘gct away. rttn
away.‘ When we take over. we'll have to give
protective custody to Americans. We'll have
to put them ill jail to protect them from the
anger of the petite. We'll keep them there till-
til the anger ends."

He called upon all blocks to work together
and support the ideas of "Pan-Africanism."
According to Jordan. l’an»Africunism is a
“philosophy linking all blocks from all over
the world."

He discussed the “Sullivan Principles.“
which he Opposes. According to Jordan these
principles call for the abolition of segregation
in South Africa. “South Africans don‘t want
to share bathrooms or cat together with
whites. We want our land and our freedom."
ite asserted. He called Sullivan. who is a
Philadelphia minister. a “house nigger" and
an “Uncle Tom."

The American-Smith African Peoples‘
Friendship Association is part of the South
African “liberation movement" anti is based
in Albany. said Jordan. He said he came to
the United States [5 years ago. He has been
“working for liberation" at the United Na—
tions and has tattght on the ttnivcrsity level.

Audience reaction to Jordan's specclt was
positive. Dwayne Sampson. coordinator of
the caucus. said that he was in “total agree-
ment." with the speech. Eddie Edwards.
president of the Albany State University
Black Alliance. ASUBA. called him a
“spiritual brother and teacher."

Hector Muniz, a SUNY—Farmingdale stu—
dent, called the Sullivan principles a “token
measure. something that the cotnpanies can
stand behind.“

In his speech. Curtis discussed the “cycle
of poverty" which afflicts minorities. He
claimed that the “cycle keeps perpetuating

23>

