22  ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 1] OCTOBER 2]. I983

 

r MUSIC SHACK

61 Central Ave.
Albany, N.Y.
436-4581

CUTOUTS
‘Hours:
Mon-Tues:
tO-Sz30
Wed-Fri:
lO-7:00
Sat:
lO-5:30 i
ALL $8.98 MFG. LIST LP’s (Q TAPES JUST 3 .99
EVERyDAy. , '
ALL $5. 98 MPG. LIST LP’s d? TAPES REG. $4.99 EACH
NOW 3 FOR $43.00.
ROCK JAZZ SOUL 12” SINGLES

L 7 ..

v HEALTH CLUB SPECIAL!!!
SPECIAL 3 MONTH PROGRAM
3 MONTH SESSION $49

For Men and Women

THE BODY WORKS

NO. 1 CLUB IN THE AFSEA
PROGRAMS INCLUDE .

- Body shaping

- Body broportlonlng

- stranglh Training

- Firming A Body Toning

- wllght Lon I met Prom-m

RECORDS TAPES

"HEALTH AND FITNESSQENTER"
FACILITIES INCLUDE:

- Nautitua Eat-rela- Equip. -

I Paramount Exercise Equip.

- Free Weights

- lndlvldual Entelu Programs

0 Proton-tonal stall

Registration Oct. 22-26ih. Sat. 9-6. Sun 10-4. Mon. Tues. Wed. 9a.m.-9p.m.

“"“75 GET IN SHAPE NOW! LOOK GREATl

.pl- LOCATED AT THE CORNER OF NEW SCOTLAND AVE a s
1 DAY. ALLEN Acnoss FROM sr. PETER‘S HOSPITAL

- Weight Tralntng

- Body Building

- Flulblllty l Endurance
I General Appearance

- Specllle Sport Training

 

 

 

 

Attention ilew Students
Freshmen/Transfer Support Series

OCT-24TH-
“DEALING WITH
STRESS AND TEST

ANXIETY”

All'progralns will be held on
Hensley evenings from 1-9pm
in Lecture center 3.

Innaered by
the Student Aﬂaira Division

 

 

 

ED MARUSSICH UPS

Goaltender Torn Merritt has Started every game for the Albany men's soccer team
this year. The Danes' record on the year is 4-7.

Boaters beaten by Oneonta;
Danes’ record falls to 4-7

 

By Mark Levine

A SSOCM TE limit 73 EDImR

 

In a game that in many ways typiﬁed their
season so far. the Albany State men's soccer
team was defeated by the visiting Onconta
Red Dragons Wednesday afternoon by the
score of 1-0. it was the Danes’ second Ion in
a row and fourth in the last ﬁve games.
Albany's record is now 4-7.

The lone goal of the game came off the
foot of Oneonta’s Karnail Koona. who kick-
ed in a loose ball in front following a Red
Dragon corner kick. The goal came at the
lO:l3 mark of the ﬁrst half.

“We can’t play with any intensity," com-
mented frustrated Albany Head Coach Bill
Schleffelin. “We keep waiting until we're
behind, and we can’t put the ball into the
goal. it’s very disappointing."

Despite being outplayed in the ﬁrst half,
the Danes came out stronger in the second
half and had a number of good chances to tie
the score.

Midﬁelder Jeff Hackctt's direct free kick
from just outside the penalty area barely
hooked around the goal, and defender Mike
Miller's header off a free kick was stopped in
front. But Albany's best chance to tie the
game was probably on a play that occurred
just as time was running out. Defender Bob
Garrett was standing about 10 yards in front
of the goal with only seconds remaining when
a corner kick came right in front. He volleyed
it towards the goal, but it sailed just over the
crossbar. and the Danes had a frustrating 1-0
defeat.

Earlier in the second half, forward Tihan

Presbie broke in alone on goal only to be

'tripped up from behind just outside the box.

The foul, while giving Albany a free kick.
probably saved a goal.

“Thcir guy should have been thrown out
of the game for that." Schieffelin said. “But
that wouldn't ltavc made a difference. it's no
excuse."

Oneonta controlled the game in the ﬁrst ,

half, outshooting the Danes 3-0 in the open-
ing 45 minutes. On their goal. the corner kick
hooked towards the goal as Dane netminder
Tom Merritt came out and tried to clear the
ball out. But the ball was rolling around in
front. where Koona ﬂicked it into the upper
right hand corner for the lone goal of the
game.

The loss, combined with Albany's 2-1 loss
at Binghamton last Saturday. dropped
Albany's conference record to 2-4 and
eliminated them from qualifying for thc
SUNYAC Playoffs.

CORNER KICKS: Loss to ()neonlu was
third time Danes were shut ottt this
year...thn Schlcfi'lcln said his team
couldn't score, he wasn‘t kidding—Albany
has scored three goals in the last five games,
and has scored more than one goal only twice
eleven games...Wlth only two games remain-
ing. Danes assured of finishing under .500
for second year in a row...Flnul two games
are at home; Saturday Albany hosts Vassar at
it a.m. and next Wednesday is season finale
against RPI...Dttncs heat Vassar on the road,
2-]. '

Danes take on Norwich

.124-

inspirational leader,” said coach Ford. “The
younger players look up to him."

With Canﬁeld back in the lineup, the
Danes will have to concentrate on stopping
Norwich's star running back sophomore
Winncford Brooks. whose 125 yards avcragc
per game ranks him fourth in tltc nation
among Division lli schools.

in last wcck’s loss. thc Danes wcrc unable
to stop Cortlttnd's fullback Dave Cook. who
ran for 185 yards and two touchdowns.

. Tomorrow, if the Dancs are unsuccessful itt

containing Brooks, tltc result could be the
same.

The Danes will try to force Norwich to
pass especially since thcrc is somc confttsion
its to who will call the signals for tltc Cutlcls.

Speculation corttinucs that starting junior
quarterback Tony Circlli will be benched in
favor of sophomore Randy Gallagher.
Circlli’s unlmprcssivc statistics of 29 comple-
tions out of 75 attempts is one good reason
for the change, but no official announcement
has been made.

Meanwhile, sophomore Dane quarterback
Milano will continue to lead the Danes of-
fense, who hope to be able to grind out yar-
dage as well as they did last week. .

Milano. who took over as quarterback in
the Danes' third game of the season against
Brockport. has showed continual progress

each week.

I‘l'm definitely pleased with his improve-
ment over the weeks as a whole." said Ford.
“He still is forcing some passes and throwing
off balance once in a while, but that's due to
inexperience. One thing that he has though,
is conﬁdence in himself to get tltc job donc."

The Danes will cotttinttc to try mixing up
the wishbone runtting attack with Milnns’s
short passing game. which scctttcd to fool
Cot'tlund’s dcfcnsc last week.

Tltc young offensive line showed marked
improvctttcnt lust wcck, controlling tltc littc
of scritttntagc wltilc cutting off pursuit on
otttsidc running plttys, but Ford i‘ccls tltcir
success httd something to do with tltcir 0|)-
poncnts.

“Notwich's defense is u lot bctlcr cottpltcd
than Cortlattd's," said Ford. “'l'ltcy'rc u real
good defensive ball club."

PAW PRINTS: Albany leads the Cadet
series, which started in [975, 5-3. Last year
the Danes were defeated 21-7 at
Norwich...Last time the Danes played on
University l-‘leid was Sept. 24 when they shut
out Broekport 28-0...Part of the homecom-
ing celebration will include a pep rally Friday
night at Indian Lake. Appearing will be the
Albany State chldine, and Albany'l “It
band...'l‘be game will be aired In on WCDI
by broadcaster: Ron PM III I“
lsbitta. Cl

 

 

By Keith Marder

EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

 

Coming into this season nobody expected
the Albany State mcrl‘s tennis team to be as
good as they were, except for the players
themselves.

The Danes lost four of last year's top six
players. including numbers one and three. to
graduation last spring. in addition, the team
had to play without head coach Bob Lewis
who is considered in many tennis circles one
of the best coaches on the East Coast.

Despite these losses, 3 quality team emerg-
cd from the prc-scason and played well
enough to disspcll obscrvers' fears of “tltc
end of the dynasty."

Scnior Dave Ulrich took the big ntovc up
to number one singles in stride, winning all
but one of his matches in non-tournament
play. Ulrich was also the champion of his
bracket in the SUNYAC tottrnatncnt.

The otltcr scttior on this young squad was
nutnbcr thrcc singles Rob Karen, who also
had a banner season. itttcrittt coach Jittt Scr-
balik once said. “i ltavc ttcvcr sccn a player
who could make his opponent look so good
wltilc beating him."

A nutttbcr of ttndcrclasstttcn were heavy
contributors to the tcum’s success.
Sophomores Tom Schntitz, Dave Grossntan.
and Jay Elscnbcrg stcppcd rigltt into thc
number two, fottr and five singlcs spots
rcspcctivcly. Meanwhile. the number six slot
was occupied by sophomore Mikc Dcrmun—
sky until an ankle injury forced him to limit
his play. He was then replaced by junior
Mark Sanders who was possibly tltc most ittt-
provcd member of the squad.

Perhaps the biggest surprise was tltc way itt
which Jim Scrbalik ﬁlled in for coach Lewis.
Scrbalik got the offer to conch tltc team just
two days practice began. He then lctt the
team to an 8-1 dual-tttcct record and capped
off the season with Albany’s fifth straight
SUNYAC championship. This success was
tltc reason that he was named SUNYAC Tcn-
uis Coach 0! the Year.

Tltc Danes did not start off tltc season
especially well as they droppcd tltcir opcning
day match to the Division l Artny. This was
in no way a disappointing loss as far as tltc
Dancs were concerned. Army. a team rich itt
tulcut, began pre-season training itt July two
months before Albany got started. ,

Tltc tte'xt match put the Great Danes on

track when they shut-out the Oneonta'Rcd
Dragons 9-0. r

After the Onconta meet, the Danes hosted
the Great Dane Classic and ﬁnished second
in a tie with local rival RPl, which was the
finest finish in the Great Dane Classic in
Albany‘s history. I

Fresh front tying RPl in the Classic the
Danes faced the Engineers in a dual meet. it
was tltcn that Albany was able to prove their
superiority by beating RPl 6-3.

The netmcn next were tested in the ECAC
tournament. This turned out to be their
toughest test of the season as they ﬁnished
seventh. This was considered a very respec-
tablc placement as four of the teams that beat
tltc Danes wcrc Division 1 and Albany ﬁnish-
cd itt front of the two Division ll teams in the
25 team tournament.

Albany then traveled to Oswcgo witcrc
tltcy buried their SUNY conference rivals 8-!
in their final tune-up for the SUNYAC tour-
nantcnt.

Tltc SUNYAC tournament turned out to
be a walk over for tltc Danes as they captttrcd
33 out of a possible 36 points wltilc winning
their fifth straight SUNYAC crown.

The good tcnnis did ttot cttd there. The
Danes, still high from their conference citutn-
pionship. trttvclcd to Vermont witcrc they
met tltc University of Vermont. Albany cusin
dcfctttcd tltc Division l Vcrtttottt 6-3. Thcn
tltc Duncs rctttrttcd ltomc to host tmothcr
Division I tcum. tltc University of
Mttssucltusscts. Tltc Albany ncttttctt sqttcckcd
by U. Mass 5-4.

This is the closest knit tcttnis lcttm this
university has seen itt quite some titttc. This
sentiment scents apparent by Grossman’s
cotntncttt. “i would like to thank coach Scr-
bulik and tltc rest of the team. i really had a
good titnc this year. This tcum is definitely
closer than last year's team." ~

Coach Lewis was vcry happy with his
team's showing.

“l was vcry pleased at wltat they .Ic-

complisltcd. i would like to tltank Jim Scr-
balik. who did an outstanding job. I don't
think i could havc left tltc team in bcttcr
hand."
TENNIS RACKET: Couch Scrballk will now
move frottt the tennis court to the swimming
pool witcrc he coaches women's
diving...Couch Lewis has been making fine
progress and reports that he will be back for
his second quarter course ttnd definitely will
rttn winter workouts. l

 

Sports Briefs

Bowling conference

An intcrcollcgiutc howling confcrcncc
has been formed for tltc first tintc. Tltc
lcttgttc, kttotvtt as tltc Capital District (‘ol-
Icgiulc Bowling Conference, will bowl ill tltc
SUNYA Campus Lttncs and will consist of
bowlers front Albtttty Sttttc, Sicnu, Albtttty
littsincss Collcgc and tltc College of Saint
Rosc. it is tltc first titttc inlcrcollcgitttc
bowling has been organized ltcrc at
SUNYA.

Tlmekeeper sought

Tltc Albany State women’s bttskctbull
[cam is looking for statisticians. scorc
kccpcrs and titnc kccpcrs for tltcir ltontc
games this season. Attyonc interested
sltottld contact Conclt licckcr It! 457-4532.

Upcoming events

it's homecoming weekend. and tltc
festivities include Saturday‘s football game
between the Albany Great Dunes and tltc
Norwich Cadets bcginnittg at l:30 pm on
Uttivcrsity Field. The 2—4 Danes are conting
off a 14-7 loss to Cortland last
Saturday...The men's and women’s cross

Capital District Championships on Satur-
day beginning at 12:00 pm...Thc women's
volleyball team travels to Potsdam for a
match against Clarkson Saturday after-
. noon...The 4-7 men's soccer team will ltost

 

country teams will each be hosting thc'

Vnssttr Collcgc iii 11:00 am Saturday tttortt-
ing...’l‘ltc wotttctt’s socccr tcrtttt will host
l’lttttshurglt ill 3:00 today bcforc visiting
Cnstlcton tomorrow. 'l‘hc Dunes are look-
ing for :1 spot in post-season play.

ED MARUSBlCH UPS
Coach Bob Ford will be on the
sidelines Saturday afternoon.

 

 

 

l,t

OCTOBER 2],]983. D ALBANY STUDENT PRESS  23

The Albany netmen: a true Great Dane dynasty

 

 

ERICA SPEIGEL UPS

The Albany men's tennis team established themselves as a dynasty by winning
their fifth straight SUNYAC Championship.

Women boaters lose, 6-0

 

By Mark Wllgurd

S T/II’F Wk! [12‘

 

The up attd down season cotttinucs for tltc
Albany State women's soccer team.

Trying to bounce back from a hectic
Weekend in which six tcatn players received
disciplinary action due to broken training
rules regarding alcohol. Albany fell to Hart-
wick 6-0 on Tuesday.

One look at tltc statistics shows that tltc
game was very cvcn. Albany outsltot i-lurt-
wick. 16-14; botlt tcattts had four corttcr
kicks; and tltc gonlic suvcs were just about
equal.

“We played hard to wltolc game," noted
Itcttd couclt Amy Kidder. “The score wasn't
any indication of how we really did play. We
[list didn’t convert on our chances."

llttrtwick ccrtztinly convcrtcd on tltcir op-
portttnitics. ()Itc of tltcir goals hit the edge of
tltc crossbar and dribblcd in. Attothcr goal
came off on Albany dcl‘cndcr. The Dtntcs
l‘ililL‘d 5-0 at tltc ltItlf, bttt Kiddcr told ltcr
cum to sixty togclltcr and play physical.

“'l‘ltcy rcttlly liclti togcthcr,“ said Kidder.
“For tltc first titttc itt tltc season we played
nincty minutes of soccer. Our offensive ililtl
Llcfcnsivc support cItmc togctltcr." liut tltc
Duttcs did lose ()0 and somcthing tttttst lltn’c
gone wrong sontcwhcrc.

Kidder pointed out that Trttcy Kttttul Wits
tuving a bit of trouble irt tltc ttcl. “Tracy was
ust ottt of position during tltc game." Kid-
.lcr said. “She just wasn‘t moving." Kidder
also felt that a wcck lay-off bctwcctt games
also hurt her team.

Tltc Dttncs, who now stand at 5-6-l. are
looking to host tltc SUNYAC Championship
on October 29. A win over Plattsburgh today
will give tltcm that honor. But Plattsburgh
won't be easy. Albany is 2-4-l carcerwise
against tltc Cardinals. and Albany hasn't
bcutcn tltem since 1980. Plattsburgh is also
ranked eighth in the stutc.“ll' we play ball
like on Tucsdtty, things will conic together
for us,"Kiddcr said.

On Saturday tltc Danes will visit
Cttstlcton. whom they shutout last year, 5-0.
"Anything can happen." ttotcd Kidder. "We
just need to play good ball against them."

Tltc I983 season will be remembered for
both many high points and many low points.
Tltc trttc character of this women's soccer
team will surface in thc next two weeks as
they shoot for thc SUNYACs and tltc State
(I‘lttttnpiottships.

THROW-1N5: Dunes hoping to get to State
Championships at St. Lawrence, November
4-6. liven though many teams have better
records than Alhnny. Kidder said that tltc
selection committee also takes strength of
schedule ittto consideration. This will only
help tltc Dunes, us they have played some
tough lctuus. (Tolgtttc ttttd Cortland were two
of their runny worthy opponcttls. . .Kcrry
Young lends tltc lctllll itt scoring with 7 goals
and 2 assists. Dec Murl'c has 5 goals. while
Klnt Kosttlck and list: an check it: oith'l
goals ttplccc. . .(ionlkccping ltus ltccn wry
slcutly. lioth Klitllll ttud (‘utlty Rnsw how u
goals against IttI-rttgc of 1.50. Russo has not
pluyt-Il gottl since October 4. ll

Harriers in Capital District

<24
matter as tttttch if you win." said Wltitc.

Tltcrc is little doubt that Albany has ittt-
provcd since thc early season loss to RPI, as
tltc faster times rccctttly have shown. (‘0-
cttptaitts Kttrcn Kurtlty and licttc Dzambtt
have bccn running It solid Onc—two this year.
“and Wltitc feels that Ito one on RFi catt keep
up with Kurthy. Freshman Maura Mahon has
‘tnovcd up tticcly to become Albany’s tltird
Irunner. What remains to be seen is ltow
sophomore Donna Burnham will furc after a
two month layoff caused by a_foot injury.

Burnham seems to be the ottly person that
isn't expecting that tttuch from herself. “l'm
lruttning this meet off of only one week of
practice." noted Burnham. "it's going to be
like a time trial for the state meet. i will be
' . . l
paittfttl. so l'm just hoping that i can give tltc
team a few points."

Wltlt only one week of practice. Burnham

.vill likely be out of sltapc l'or tltc ntcct. CO-
cttptztin thtntbtt still feels that Burlllltllil will
finish iIt Albany's top five. “Sltc's tltc type of
Hunter that always runs prctty well." cont-
ttctttcd [)Iutttbtt.

Union is it team that Albany should tlci‘cttt.
“Their top two runners will mount a scrions
challenge to Karen," ttotcd Wltitc. "'l‘itc rcst
oftltcttt aren’t so tulcntcd. ljttst don't think
that their third, fourtlt uttd fifth runners can
keep up with Its."

lfSicnIt comes at all this weekend. tltcy will
only ltttvc It few individuals at best. "if Sicnu
I’llitS, they'll undoubtedly be ficldittg an in-
complete team," said Wltltc.

“We're far enough ittto tltc season to use
this meet us an accurate measuring stick of
our talent." said White. After being primed
for this meet for so long. the women will cer—

1 mini)! be ready to perform at their best. {3

 

