  
 

r
t
I
t
t‘
l
t
l

. ._..‘..c ~._——.\_-- .

 

E D

 

hen'polltlcal views conflict. issues often find a

way to become overwhelming. However. if two

opposing sides communicate clearly and effective-
ly. a mutual understanding can be achieved. Over the past
two weeks the Revisionist Zionist Alternative ttnd tlte Arab
Student Association appear to ltave taken some ap-
propriable steps to sort out tltcir conflict.

The politi'ai clash was igttited on Tltttrsday. Mttrcii 3
when students frotn RZA tore down it poster from a
cttltttral display by Arab students dttrlrtg the World Week
[Ethnic Block Party. RZA ltad claimed tltat tlte poster was
"nnti-scmitie and anti-Jewish." *

Prot'cssor Frank Pogue.-a World Week Coordinator. tnet
with all involved and organized a forum to help mediate the
dispute. Dean of Student Affairs Neil Brown. Dean of
Undergraduate Edttcation Helen DesFosscs. and delegates
front ASA. RZA arid JSC-Hillel all attended the forttnt and
came otit with an mcrall satisfied reaction. it was the first
step.

This past Saturday. the next step tvas made. Campus
.lewislt groups protested the presettce of what they believed
to be a speaker representative of PLO propaganda. ASA
provided what they called a "Teach-in" which titey said

ITORI

'teps toward communication

was meant to edtteate the public about Arab viewpoints.
ASA was given the frccdultt to speak. and the Jetvtsh
grottps were givett the freedom to assemble. Constitutional
rights were observed and botlt groups were partially
satisfied.
Today a sccottd fortttn is scheduled to take place.
Although ttetioits by the groups ltttvc seemingly becotnc

 

A' L‘ s

more positive. solid verbal communication is sir” I
There is no doubt that the feelings on bottt \ltlcs
rcttl and pertinent. l‘iotvever. nttittccallirig
remarks are not the ttppropiate reactions to no.
dispute. Forums and controlled debates can so...
more productive starting blocks.

ticking.
are \cry
and miniature

serious
as fat

Hopefully. today's forum will not be the last rm... “k.
groups sit down at at the mediation table. lttritret tort...
should serve as the next positive step itt closing the cunt-
muuication gaps.

ASP: The Betz Years

he first indication that it was itot going to be it nor-

mal editor's term cattte about on Dean’s third Issue.

A piece of typesetting eqitiptitent broke down tittd
there didn't scetn to bc a repairman in the state who could
fix it.

About the satire tinte. severttl key members of the staff
decided they had other things to do with their time. issues
ttttd to be cttt in size while the rctnaining staff members ltitd
to ptit in triple-time.

After a while it seemed the only logical thing to do was to
cease publication. But one thing kept it going — the idea
that things couldn‘t get itriy worse. Bttt things got worse —

more breakdowns. more staff llltiltl\t'l. and r.
misunderstanding over ati April fools issue tttat lltl llL‘tl into
a slt‘itt.

lint things did improve. Refttsttls to print intro-tutu.
ntilitttry ads and selective service ptthlic \cth‘c illl-
nouncements drew it good bit of rtteditt attenstort.
- is it happy ertdlng. The equipment got it...“
the issues got bigger and the ASP got a much needed llljt’c:
tion of new blood. As Dean left to heed the urn til it..-
registar attd to give others it chance. he left behind .r sltottp
staff ttttd a newspaper vastly improved in design and lilytllll.
Yealt. he left behind sotnc good memories too. '

 

2
F.
;:
-.
f:

 

C

 

O L U M

N

 

 

Last rttotttlt. the sttite of Assam iii ltidiu suffered tttc
torst form of" himtan tragedy in its history. According to
official estimates. over 3,000 people — Mtislittts. l-iindtts.
tribals. Assamese and Bengalis. including women and
children — \Vcre killed attd over 200.0(X) people bceattie
homeless. 'i'he 40-month old agitation by the native
Assamese which ttati largely been peaceful and non-violent
took a different lltrtt after ittditttt Prime Minister lndira
Gandhi's govertttttettt unilaterally cattcelicd negotiations
with the agitation leaders and arrested them. nttd the worst
of all. announced on January 6 to hold elections in Assam
on February 14. i7. attd 20 for the legislative assembly and
twelve partiamettt seats. The Assamese have been deman-
ding the ccntral government to deal with the massive influx
of non-Assamese inttttig 'tttts primarily froin Bangladesh
over the last three decttd

Roli Varma

The western news media has largely cntpha—siketl—ﬁte
violence as a rcligiotrs conflict between native l-lindti
Assamese and Muslim Bengali immigrants, Some organiza-
tions of Muslims from New York. New Jersey rind Connec-
tiettt have also'portraycd the tragedy as Hindus killing
Muslims by condemning the massacre of Muslims on
March 4 outside the UN. The lslttmic Center. the Mosque.
and the Arab-American anti-discriminatlou Committee of
Albany held a protest oti March 5 on similar grounds. This.
we think. is a tni ' presentation of the tragedy itt Assam.

First of all. available facts do not corroborate that only
Muslims were killed iii the recent violence though most of
the victims of the last major massacre were Bengali Muslim
irnntigrants. Tltc first report of the major clash between
native Assamese and Bengali immigrants cattie on February
2 when a Muslim mob attacked a native Assamese i-iindu
village. killing litany people including children and women.
Subsequent attacks until February 18. after the second elec-
tion day. were of similar nature; there was also a report of
art tittack by tribals (who are indigenous people of the area)
who supported the election on a ttativc As amesc village
which was boycotting the election. Major killing took place
on February 20 when 10.(X)0 tribals reportedly artttcd with
homemade guns. spears and bow attd arrows attacked 100
villages inttabitcd by Bettgalc Muslittt itttntigrants. many of
who had been living tltcrc for 30 years or so. Over 1500 peo-‘
ple including women anti children ltave been reportedly kill~
cd. ltt addition. there ttttve been reports of heavy violence
by 100.000 paramilitary forces and police on tltc Assumes
protesters killittg over 150 people since January 6.

Soon ttftcr the announcement of elections. two sttttlettt
groups. All Assam Students Union (AASU) attd All Assam
(iana Sattgratti l’rttshid (AAUSl’). which ltave bcctt
spearheading the agitation.decidetl to boycott the elections.
'i‘hcir leaders were arrested when they stepped ottt frotn
their plttnc which brought tlicttt from New Delhi to Assam's

cttpital Lianhati after tltc negotiations were cancelled. The
two groups viewed the imposition of the election as a ticttial
of the promises titatlc by the government to tltctti its well as
titakittg it ntorc difficult to reactt any resolution on tltc issue
of immigrants; most of the itntttigrants ltnd already up-
pertred on the old electoral rolls which were going to be its-
cd for the elections. i-‘urtltcrmorc. the goverttittcttt iutposui
press censorship. attd ttttder tmttty preventive detention
laws. arrested atiyotte who opposetl government's decision.

 

 

 

 

 

()vcr 100.000 paramilitary forces Were moved to Assam to
suppress the protests by the agitators. Coitscqueutly. pro-
tests itt urban ttretts were virtually tnade irttpossiblc. The tie-

tivists of strideitt organizations moved to the villages,
mobili/ing people to boycott the clectiotts. After February
2. the protesters bccttmc ' " and bttrned quite a few
wooden bridges so as to disrupt election activities.

The ttttpopttlarity of the clcctiort among the native
Assamese was so widespread that Mrs. Gandhi had to send
over 5.000 bureaucrats frotn New Delltl and other states to
supervise the elections, as the local officials refused to do
anything related to elections evcit at the risk of losing their
jobs. The printing l t'cS'cs in Assam refused to print elec-
toral rolls and ballots. There were relatively few nomina-
tiotts filed for 126 seats tts tnost major parties boycotted the
elections. the polllttg was extremely low with less titan 10
pcrccttt of t. giblc voters voting. For the first titttc iii the
electoral history of india. a call for boycott of" cicctiorts.
though given many titncs iii the pttst. was widely successful.
The day the ttcwly elected Congress (1) government was
sworn. the agitation leaders gave a call for a 24 hour general
strike which was again very successful.

Despite all this, Mrs. Gandhi held the election becttttsc in
the recent elections iii the southern states of Attdltra attd
Karnataka ltcr party suffered a humiliating defeat for the
first titne since independence. To present herseifas still the
leader and iii charge of the country. who ltud rtot lost her
political grip over the party ttttd eotiittry. site wanted a
quick tvitt elsewhere. Assam was chosen to serve Gandhi’s
personal anti political ambitions. thus destroying whatever
limited gains trad been made dttring the talks with the agita-
tion leaders over the last 3 years.

To top it all. Gandhi and her party leaders travelled to
Assam and played upon tltc fears of the immigrants. thus
adding fuel to the fire already burning iit Assaiit. Site even
said itt tier campaign spcccltes that only tter party “could
look after the lttlet't. ts of the Muslims“ and that no one
would be deported. l-ler party i‘unctionary and Union

 

a:
0..
1
<
I:

 

 

' Heightenedten’sions in Assam

Railways Minister (ihani Khan (,‘hottdluy. it llt‘ltt't’th
Mttslittt himself. were entrusted to campaign amour lllt' ltll-
tnigrartts who reportedly told them “if they kill one or you:
kill four of them." ttttd that “if yott do not vote tot ( on.
gress (indira). you will be thrown out of the tummy."

All of these factors and fears arid the itutetiott ot the Lt‘ll-
tral governtttcrtt ettltnittated iii the agitation at lltt'
Assamese in 1979 which has had very wide support among
the local popttlation including a siltlblc illtlItl‘L't trt
Assamese Muslims. The protesters ltave been tit-intruding
the preservation of the Assamese citlttire. language tilltl tt.t-
tiotntl political rights. They have proposed that tlrc “littlt'
country. ttot Just Assam. shottld bear the blittlt‘ll ot the
refugees. The agitation leaders ltavc ttad over 25 lllttlltl\ rrt
tttlks with the government. The agitation lCiltlt'H llrl\k'
agreed that immigrants prior to 1961 could stay in \ssdltl.
bttt they want those who entered Assam l'ollontmv l‘if‘i
either to be settled in other parts of lttdia or to bc |ll.ltlL‘ to
return to Bttnglcdcsh. The goverttntettt instead \t.ttt|\ [it
keep tltc refugees prior to l97l to remain iit Assrtttr nhit-Ir
has led to a deadlock. Agitatioti leaders ltad recently \lttmtl
sortie flexibility bitt the govertttncnt has been adamant.

Mrs. Gandhi knew very well that elections itt Assam \\L'lt‘
ttot going to resolve the 40-month-old cri. ,. her tttt\t‘ll|-
tnettt igttored intelligence reports fearittg the kind oI
violcttcc Assam saw if clcctiorts were held. liven dtti llttt lllt'
clcction period. when it was qttite clear ltow the silttttltttlt
was worsening. she did not postpone the L‘lccliotts but
ordered the armon cotttrol the situation. Now Asstrtn, hit-
tnost of the northeastern states — Nagalatid. Mi/tudttt.
Mattipttr. etc.. is also ttttdcr army rttle. atid tlte tlt\lstt‘|l)
bettvcen Bengalis and Assamese. tribals and nontrilmls. titltl
i-lindus attd Muslims have hardened; tensions Itrrtc nt-u't
before been so heightened.

  

 

    
 
 
   
 
 

    

421m” 57'

  

' ﬂ ’

   

    

 

 

    

  v |MPOR DOIL

 
 
 

     
 

aa . .

 

(QT ,; ~v-...~  - ~-.  t i
‘ eLL. torts. EVERYBODY’éS cent was PART to DEFEND rite raa.'.',."’ l

 

 

 

 

 

L E

T T E

R S

 

 

Our chosen path

To the Editor:

As a university elected student leader. i feel it is im<
perative that the iitaccttracics itl Sandy Starkc's letter ctititl-
ed “Good for the Whole” be brought to ligltt.

The New York Public interest Research (irottp
(NYPIRU) is run by students. i’iRCt at SUNYA is governed '
by a local board of di ors. which is comprised of
students. Ms. Starke may have been confused concerning
the fact‘thal I’IRG at SUNYA docs ctnploy one project
coorditttttor who assists as a reference person. to facilitate
the smooth running of the semcsterly projects. These pro-
jects are voted upon by the student board of directors.
'l‘herefore. students do have control over the issues or pro-
jects chosen.

Ms. Starke asserts that l’lRCr ttt SUNY/\‘s projects atc
ttot student oriented. Firstly. NYl’IRO was the major force
iii the Truth in Testing lcgislatiort which gives students the
ability to review standardized tests such as SA'l's. MCA'l's.
LSATs. attd GREs. Secondly. NYi’lltG deals with issues
titat seem not to be directly related to ottr education. Our
quality of life is intrinsically linked to our ability to pet fntnt
well academically. NYl’lRG deals with those issues of
qttality of life — Nticlear waste. rape. acid rain. recycling.
clean drinking water nttd disarmament.

Because college should be tnore than just going to class.
addressing these issues is vital to ottr overall education. We
are not living iii a vactttttn. We tttttst begin to teali/c that
these issues will he tltc issues ofottr generation anti must be
addressed now arid ttot once we receive degrees.

i hope that Ms. Starke will now rcali/e that orri CtillL’ih
tiott is broader than our transcripts. Ati organi/ation like
I’lRG at SUNYA is essential for ottr well being. We are
people of this world ltrst arid being a stttdcttt is a side path
we ltave chosen itt oitr life mid to lose sight of that fact is ttr
lose sight of ottr very existence.

 

—Attn Mitrle Lal'orlii
l/it't' l’rt’.\'iI/L‘Ill, .S'Itrrlt‘lrl Association

Struggle for peace

To the Editor:

Last Thursday. two candles were lit iii the Campus
Center iii rnetttory of Emil Llrtutzwcig. a member of Keb-
bull Revlvim. tl paratroop reserves officer (who had recent-
ly returned from Lebanon). a masters student itt
philosophy. and the father of a three year old girl. 0n the
evening of February 8th. tte became the first Jew killed dur-
ing a political demonstration, since the creation of the state
of lsrnel. when a grenade was thrown at a Peace Now
demonstration in Jerusalem.

What tnakcs this evertt signifi suit. is that limit (irunr-
weig was killed because of the particular views ltc cltose to
support. tltrottglt his participation in the rally. The ctno-
tioits attd attitudes that prompted this attack of Jew against
.lcw. must be examined and evaluated. 'l‘ltey demand our
attention simply because they are far trtorc complex. and iii
matty ways. even tnore disturbing than the attack itself. In a
democratic state such as Israel. an incident of such
magnitude camtot go trttltecded.

In order for the death of limit ttot to have been in vain.
like those of the countless other victims of political
violence. two tltings must happen. First. the motivating
force behind tltc pcrpctration of this murder must be
elitnittatcd. That is. violence artist he rejected as an accep-
table way of dealing with tltc problcttts in this region. Sc-
cottd. the beliefs that Emil expressed tttttst be transformed
ittto rcttlity. A policy of tolerattcc. respect. ttcgotiatiott. arid
patience tttttst be encouraged attd pursued. lEinil's belief itt
peace through tnodcration and tttttlcrstandittg is a message
which must be sent cverywltcrc — front Jerusalem to Attr—
tnttn, and' cvctt in Albany. wlterc recent events during

World Week ltave proven once again the ill effects of lack
of eotitniuttlcation and misunderstanding.

Tttc components and attitudes necessary to acltleve a
peaceful solution. must evolve botlt here arid itt lsrael. The
premeditated spilling 01' Jewish blood by Jews is something
the Jewish people 'annot and will not allow to exist. The
situation must cltangc.

ltt rcspottse in. arid itt memory of. the dcatlt of limit
(iron/weig. let its all begin the difficult. yet profitable
struggle for p 'ttcc.

—Charntt Slivermun

False premises

To the Editor:

As a tttctitbcr of Ctttnptts Crusade for Christ. 1 ttttt writ-
Iing itt response to a letter iii the Friday. Marclt lti. 1983
issue of the ASP. in that letter ch1' Schulman suggested
that “Crusade's” advertising for a lecture on success was
misleading to the rcttdcr. Wltilc 1 agt'cc with Jeff
Schnlmatt's statement that SA funded or rccogni/cd
orgarti/atious should take credit ttttd full responsibility for
events they sponsor. i would like to take this opportunity to
answer sortie of the questions which he tttiscd.

“(‘ollegc Life" was ttot itttettdcd to be a pscttdottym
behind which "Crusade" was trying to lttde. ti 'ts a
tttecting we ltave twice dttilttg the semester. itt which we
choose a topic spccilically related to college life. in addition
to ottr advertisement on tlte blackboards. "Crusade" also
posted over one hundred l'lycis on the podium ttttd tltc
quads. ‘i'ltcsc flycrs advertised otir “('ollegc l.it'c" meeting
as being sponsored by Camptrs Crusade for Christ. for
tnost of the week tltetc was also a banner in tltc Campus
Center lobby advertising “College Life" sponsored by
(‘tttnpus (‘tusatlc ftir Clttist. in tryittg tti keep ottt
blackboard message brief. we may ttot have written "sport.
sored by Campus Crusade for Christ" on till of the
blacklioatrls. bttt we never intended to mislead anyone. the
last thing "Crusade" stunts is people coming to ottt
meeting tttt a false premise. We assumed people would
titttkc the connection between ottr blackboard announce-
ittcttt and the other advertisements. if we caused anyone an
inconvenience tltte to ottr adtcttiscmcnts for "('ollegc
Life" we sittc ‘cly apologize. lit the future. "Crusade" will
be sure to have ottr ttatttc on till evcttts we sponsor. to
ttvoid titty fttrtltcr misuttderstandittgs. itt ottt ne\t ('ollegc
l.ifc tncctittg on Thursday April Nth. he will assume spott-
sorship with the initials: “C.('.C."

 

—'i‘hoiitits l-).()rtttng

Rule of the few

To the Editor:

As an elected Class of ‘84 Council member. i recently
wcttt to a Class of ‘84 meeting. At that meeting. a few iii-
tcrcsting facts were brought forth tltttt. i think. the wltolc
Cltts’ should know ttbottt.

Firstly. we have no formal constitution. there is neither
ti constitution oti file with the Sttttiettt Association ttot with
the Student Activities Office itt CC 130. l have been asking
the present Class of ‘84 President (‘hip Fody for a copy
since early Scptetnber. l ltttvc consistently bcctt met with the
answer of ”. . . might ttave it. ['11 see what lean do." it is
almost April. arid i still ttot ltave seen tt copy.

At the last tttcetlttg on Monday. March 14. 1983. l ques-
tloned tltcttt again and it was stated by 'l'om l’hillips.
former class president. that a copy of the constitution was
at his permanent adtlrcss and lie would bring it up after
Spring break.

Although tlterc was no constitution on ltattd. l was told
that i did ttot have voting rights because the constitution
says that if any voting ittctttbcr missed tltrcc consecutive
meetings s/hc lost her/Iris voting rights and I wouldn't get
them back until 1 attended three consecutive meetings.

Now. i do question whether that is actually iii the coit-

 

 

Eltlblllhad in 1016

Mark Golnur. Edtlur In Ctr/9t
Wayrto Pooruboom. Executive Editor
Tori Kaplowltz. Linn Strain. Managing Editors

News Editoru . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..
Auoelltn News Editor.

ASPoetl Editor ..
AunelateASPactn Editor-
Saund Editor . .

 

. . . . . . . . . Dtmotu Jutttju. Utlltltltl Pﬂtltllil
. . . ... titttotty Stlbrrr

 

. . . .. . DtrhhtoMtttrtrrttt
Mt‘tlilllﬁ l.tylor.(‘trtll Mtrrrttll
llohntt E‘rcltriuittot

 

 

 

Vision Editor .. . . I.|‘tt|tltwSubttlnwlrhi
Sparta Editor .... . . . . Mn lltlir|lt'l
Associate Sport- Edltor . Mart I\V.|I.‘
Editorial l’anaa Editor . ...r t‘tr.rrit
Copy Editor . . . t'iavrttt L t..t:.ktti

Contributing Editors . .... .. . .. Ilt-rut tttrtr. Mtllk tittrrrrttotrtt
Editorial Assistant: Mark t.ttvtrttr. ero Survlco rtttd EVIIIIII Editor: Ittrittr urrtlln.
Stall writers: Ghttt Atrtrntt. Sttratuttr Atrtrls. Ann 2.. ttttt nttrw r. tttrtti
Elrtttstrt. Ktrtr Ctlﬂlill. Tracny Ctttttnchant. Aitrttr. t .thiltll" t) . rtttuiak.
Nilltt‘rY Crowfoot. lilii)tlll*Kltl\ll|tll\ illnktty. [till 1' . tiltrvu lr'tnt. nob t‘ttu-
(lltlilti. tltttry L‘rtilltrtrt, nun titrtttori. .tttrrl t‘tttroitlrntu, ratios M (itttortti. tntr
Gtttunttlutti. Andy Horowitz. tom t(ttt:.trrttrrn. Attrv Ktlrjtts. l)t-itt:to Ktripht. tItsu
Luvlitu. Clillt) Mntku. llotturt Mttittntntio. llavut Mittttnultutn. tltttt Nissan.
Ltuun Nuan. Mtttl Ntttholti. ttotr (i'ttittrti. ttotr tJ‘thinrtor. Catt t'.ttkrt. Krrrtttt
Plrorrl. Phll i’lVl‘liik. ltittln Otrlttti. It: ttolttlt. Mrttk tionstm. tt.rnt|y tttitlt. tEtlt-it
Sutttnritoro. Atari Somktrt. Mtittrt tlluu. Mark thuuttl. Attattt Wllk. Spuclrnin
and Event» Editorut llont (iltiuhtrru. Ktrn t)oinhrtrrnt

  

   

 

Bnrtnto Stnvttttn. littstrtttss Mttnttgur »
tiedy Brodcr. Associate litrstrniss Manager

 

Smart Purlntan. rtdvertrstrig Manager
John Trolrtrto. Satos Mattrtqur

Kittttlt Sttttltllt. Jtttly liltttl
Payrnltsuparvlsor .. . AtttrrurKatlowtt:
olllca Co-ordlnator . ... . Jtrtttttter ttloch
Clanlllod Manager.. . . . Mrcktry Frank
Composition Manager .. .... . . Mottssn w "Ulllltltl
Advertising Satin: l’ctur Forward. Mtktr kretiuor. Git-pg tt.ttt. Notl Snssmtttt.
Advertising Production Managers: Jntrtr Hirsch. Mttitty ttotowttr. Advertising
Production: llarttlnu Buhttr. Mlcltollt: Horowitz. Patutt M , Jttlla Mark.
[iloutt Slttvtrt. Suu Sorttrnurluld. Melissa Watrsutmuit. ntiottttu Woll. Olltcn
Stall: Llaa Clnyinatt. Gay t’uroas
Jack Durnehlug. Production Manager
Patricia Mllchall. Assot'trttt' I’rntltrctturt Manager

Bllllrta Accountant:

 

Cathie Ryttrr
. Bill ttotttlltt
.lypllta: but ttntrtury. Jttn
.'t|hl?"\ Huylltillt. Gtiirty

Clilul Typosutter.

Vtirtlcnl Crirttnrri .

Pasta-up: Ktrltoy Brtrkti. Donna Corwnt. ttotty litt-
Cutmllttlu. Citrirt ll'Atltttttn. Juitllllt' (liltlliltill‘L‘VU.
ltutiur. Mary Alice Ltpkrt. Mark thillli

 

 

Photography principally truppltutt liy Utuvtrrstty littoto tiorvico. .t Eiltlthilll
r tittii

Chlul Photographer: Drtvu Asltor. UPS Slttll: titutt‘k lit'tntdtrin. t .tttitt ii -* ck.
Aliltt (Ittlr'ttt. Attty (:ttlttttt. Slit-try Cttlhrtt. llrttzlti-I ltltvttl. [tl Mttttt! .' It. Lots.
Maltuttottt. \lm’lll t'lruitn Mliitttctt. Jl‘tlll i'ttnrt- Lorna. David “went. I ttttt Sim
titoita. Er . . rtiigol. Wutitttt Stout. Jttlt Vtttoittiito. Witt Vutntun

Entlrn contents copyright tat): Albany Stuttnrtt Press Corporation. all
right:- resolved.
ltiu Alhtrtiy Sttttttritt tut-st; ' irrtrttturott it
Annual and John by tlttr Albany illuiloitt Pit-st
ttul-lut-prolll corporation
itlltottttltt ltto wttttuit by lllt‘ Ftlllnt ut Chit-t with ttturttborn of tho Editorial
Bottttt. pottcy ta tiltlllitcl ttt rttvurw try the Ettltottnt nottttt. Attvuttlulng policy
tlouu riot nor ttrttttly rullnct trttttottttl policy
Mntllnu .ttltlrustt:
Albany Stutinnl Films. CC 320
I400 thattlttgtort Avo.
Albany NY I222?

 

 

 

 

* .tyt; tttitt l‘rtttttyu lll‘lWilnﬂ
.otpotutton, an ttrdtiponttntit

   

 

 

 

(bill) 457»ul10213322l3300

 

stltution..But aside from that. i and other members of the
council as well as interested Juniors. have not always been
contacted about meetings. There have not even been adver.
tisements in the ASP or memos sent around letting us know
of Class Cottneil meetings.

What this has done is given the rule of the class of '84 to
a very select few~who do not wish to entertain the wants of
the ctttire class. You see. the other thing i learned at the
March 14 meeting was that the present officers. one of
which. the Vice President. does not ltave voting rights.
disagree with opening tip the election for class officers to
the whole class.

They contend that the constitution stipulates that the of-
ficcrs a’rc voted for by the class courtcil members and that
opcttittg tip the elections would be a popularity contest.
tstt't ltavittg tttt lit-house clcctiott more of a popularity con-
test? This way you don‘t have to worry about reaclting too
tttatty people. just fifteen. Besides. wltat are they afraid of?

Are they afraid of having ntore programming then the
class of '34 has already bad? This year's Class Council has
managed to alienate the other classes who now find it dif:
ficult to work with tis successfully.

it scetns that those in power ttotv want to stay there
without any inpttt of others. The present officers tiave no
faith iii the class itself. otherwise they would open tip elec-
tion university-wide. they maintain that we don't have
the ability to decide “in” is right for its.

Next year is ottr senior year. We have been here three
years anti deserve to ltiI\L' a class council which is both
icsponsbc atitl responsible to us. We deserve to vote for
ottt class officers a it is out tight tttit our privilege. i felt it
necessary to raise these issues so that the class of '84 kitows
\\lli|l is going on. Nest year should be our best y -ar. But we
need new blood ttttd ittptrt.

—-.lnharina Sarrtteco

The real minority

To the litiltur:

t read with itttetcst your rcccttt article about SUNYA's
efforts to lttrc ntorc minority students to ottr campus. and I
commend you on this. llt)\\L‘\’L‘l‘ t atrt not sttrc you are
focusing on the rippt'opiittte minority. Webster's dictionary
defines "minority" as the "lesser part or smaller nutnber.
less lllltlt half."

According to an atticle by .ltrdlc iziscnhcrg appearing on
March 15th. SUNYA enrolls 7.4 percent tttiitority students
ottt of the total undergraduate academic population of
11.178. Tilt: poittt of this article was to show that SUNYA is
interested itt acquiring a tttore di\cisc student body as
quoted by admissions director Rodney Ll.trt.

The point of my letter is that the real minority here is not
the black. nor tltc llispanic student. but the otit-of-statcrs
which make tip apprtwimately J percent of SUNYA. if
SUNYA's true iittctttiotts are lit achiciing a trtrly distinct
student population tltcit plcase c\p|ttiit hon raising out-of-
state tuition by $l.400 will attract non-Nett Yorkers arid
make SUNY more diverse. in essence. by raising out-bf-
statc tuition. not only is the scope of the ditcisity of ftttttrc
stttdcitts being limited. bill also a poticti'ttl signal is being
sent to present out-of-sttttcts llltll they are no lortgcr
welcome here.

i think I sp‘ak for all tion-New Yorkers (the trtte
SUNYA tnittority) that it yott trttiy Hill" a more diverse
popttltttititt tltctt stop placing most of the burden of NY's
budget woes on those out-of-sttttct‘s that appreciated the
quality of edticatiott at SUNY. \\'c. like those who make
their ltotttc itt this state. “Io\c NY“ —~ btit ttot for $1.400
more!

—(;ttry Lachow

Established thought

To the litlllor:

it should be the function of a campus based l\'\\‘~ll
ot'gain/ution to foster tltc furtherance of Jewish itlt-nls -l|l\i
values. As'a "Jewish" ot'gttnirtttion. it seems only proper
that the ot'gttttiration should follow and promote establish-
ed .Iewistt thought.

()n ottr campus. though. the "Jewish" tttylttttlrtlliull
doesn't necessarily obsch the basic values of l-.ttlaism
followed by Jews for tttlllL‘lliil. this Sunday. .l‘s‘t «1 title] was
co~sponsoring nit ctcnt with the Cray and lelIldll Alliance
which cart only be described as itllll~jc\\lsll or .tnti-l‘orah.
'l ltc eient i\ entitled. "Jewish identity 7 7 tan you keep it as
ti titty ttttd Lesbian."

.itltlill\tll iii no on} ctttlotscs ltotttoscsttality from either a
iiiotal ot rcligiotts viewpoint. Matty laws concerning 'x—
ttality cart be found within jetsish religious doctrine. and
for a "Jewish" orgatti/tition to support nttd sponsor art
event of this type is nothing less than a denunciation ot
tltosc laws.

if .lSC~llillcl is willing to accept the responsibility lot
promoting ttttti-jcwish ttctiyities as hotnoscsttality. then
that's their choice. lint. to do so as a "Jewish" Ulgtlltt/itv
tiott which accepts tmott itself tltc yoke of l'litlilt‘llit (.leldi
Law) is wrong ftotn tr moral point of view (hypo. .
unless of course .ISC doesn't consider itself at "Jewish"
ot'grtni/ation bttt tathct an otgrtniration of Jens.

l'tcscntly..tSC is contributing their ttttttte ttttd $100 for
this cvcttt. JSC. though. doesn't have funds for Jewish
events. yet there are fttttds for an event which deals with
anti-iewisb values. There was no need for .lSC to co-
spottsor this cveitt. csl‘tUthtlly when the event cottld have
been sponsored solely by CrALA.

   

    

 

—Ilownrt| Flshmun

 
  
    
   
   
    
  
   
 
   
   
 
   
  
   
     
    
  
   
    
  
   
     
   
   
    
  
    
   
     
  
   
  
    
    
   
     
  
  
    
    
   
    
   
   
   
    
     
    
  
    
   
   
      
  
   

.“ .

 
       
         
       
   
 

           
       
    

    

