 

 

2 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS El SEPTEMBER 15.1983

WORLDWIDE
H

“ \

Reagan talks arms

Rome. Italy
(AP) President Reagan has written Premier
Bettino Oraxi saying he is still ﬁrmly commit-
ted to reaching a nuclear arms control agree-
ment with the Soviet Union despite the
"brutal" Soviet downing of a South Korean
jetliner.

Oraxi made no comment on the letter.
which he received Tuesday. Extended ex-
cerpts. in Italian, were made public Wednes
dayvby the premier's ofﬁce.

Reagan said the United States has shown
“maximum ﬂexibility" at the talks.

The United States is scheduled to start
deploying 572 cruise Tomahawk. and Per-
shing2 missiles in ltaly attd four other West
European nations in December if U.S. and
Soviet negotiators in Geneva fail to reach an
accord limiting medium-range missiles in
Europe; ‘

Chinese planes crash

Bciiiong, China
(AP) A Chinese airliner carrying 100 Chinese
and foreign passengers collided with a
military plane on the runway at Guilin in
south China Wednesday killing 10 people
and injuring 21. the official Xinhua news
agency reported.

Xinhua said the civilian airliner was it
three-engine British-built Trident of the
Chinese airline CAAC. it gave no details of
how many of the casualties were foreigners.

The Trident was taking off for Peking
from the scenic southern city when it collided
with the military plane. Xinhua said.

Two of the injured were crew members on
the passenger plane. it added.

:ANID

   

Vaccination tested

~ Pittsburgh.PA
(AP) A medical research team says its
demonstration that babies can be inoculated
before they are born will advance the fight
against infecdous infant disease. especially in
underdeVeloped countries.

“it’s the first time it's been demonstrated
that babies in the womb can be vaccinated."
pathologist Thomas Gill 111 said Tuesday.

The team found that tetanus vaccine. when
given to pregnant women. crossed the placen-
ta to the fetus. which formed its own an-
tibodies against the disease. he said.-

Gill leads a team of doctors at Magce-
Women's Hospital in Pittsburgh who see a
“broad application" of their research.

Pre-natal tetanus inoculation could be a
boon to underdeveloped nations where the

umbilical cords of newborns are sometimes
cut under unsanitary conditions. exposing
the babies to the disease. he said.

Nuke fines possible

Washington. D. C.
(AP) Federal regulators are looking into
possible ﬁnes and other enforcement actions
in the wake of an investigaiton that found
routine violations of nuclear safety regula-
tions in the Three Mile island cleanup.
The report. compiled by the Nuclear
Regulatory Commission's Ofﬁce of in-

  

vestigations. said the safety procedures were
violated by the plant owner and the company
hired to clean up the Unit 2 reactor damaged
in a March 1979 accident.

Ofﬁcials said General Public Utilities
Corp., the owner of the TMl plant. and
Bechtel Power Corp.. the cleanup contrac-
tor, violated NRC rules on safety modifica-
tions and assuring quality in the cleanup
operations.

Responding to the ﬁndings, General
Public said it is “encouraged that apparently
the NRC did not come to the conclusion that
cleanup activities were conducted unsafely"
and said it intends to be “fully responsive"
to the report.

Advisers’ views clash

Washington, D. C.
'(AP) President Reagan's top economic ad-
visers contradicted each other Wednesday on
budget deficits and interest‘ rates, extendint
their running disagreement on a crucla
economic question.

Martin Fcldstcin, chairman of the prcsi
dent’s Council of Economic Advisers. said fr.
a speech prepared for the U.S.,Chambcr of
Commerce that huge deficits “undoubtedly”
push up interest rates. hurting the economy.

Reagan. in remarks prepared for a group
of auto dealers. called that idea merely
something that “everybody believes” but
can't prove. He said it's nothing to be taken
seriously. '

Neither man mentioned the otlter. keeping
intact the generally polite level of their
disagreement. And neitltcr has indicated any
break with the Reagu administration's basic
view that deficits are bad and should be
reduced. pritnurily by trimming government
spending

ASP

September 19

 

STATEWIDE
Bettie Bill roiling‘ bu

AI
(AP) New York's beverage retailers have get-
ten generally good grades in a survey on their
compliance with the state's new beverage
container deposit law.

“The new law is generally off to a good
start." said Marilyn Ondrasik. executive
director of the New York Public interest
research Group. However, she added. “it's
not yet batting 1000."

NYPIRG. a self-styled consumer advocacy
group, reported Wednesday that about two-
thirds of the retail sites it studied around the
state were in full compliance with the new
statute on Monday, the ﬁrst day of its 1m-
plemcntatlon.

According to the NYPiRG study. full
compliance with the bottle law was found in
Syracuse and Queens while retailers that were
checked in Cortland, Buffalo and Bingham~
ton did nearly as well.

At the other end of the scale. NYPlRC
workers found the most non-compliancu
Monday with the new law in Brooklyn and
Albany.

Ms. Ondrasik said of the 82 stores chcckcd
throughout the state only one, a small variety
store in Albany. had no returnable bottles on
hand.

Phone lines severed

Buffalo
(AP) An American Telephone & Telegraph
long distance phone line was partially severed
yesterday morning disrupting service to a
large area of western New York. according to

interest meeting Monday,

     

Lo 19 at 7““ pm

We need people interested in news, sports,
Aspects, production, business

a company spokesman. .

Peter Goodale. public relations represen-
tative for AT&T here, said at 9 am. an
AT&T long lines cable was partially severed
at a point somewhere between Attica, near
here. and Tully. near Syracuse. Attica and
Tully are about 80 miles apart.

Cloodaie said he does not know the exact
location or cause of the break and added that
he had no estimate of when service will be
restored.

He described the line as, “a major link bet-
ween western New York and the rest of the
state."

He also said not all service was cut off
because the cable was only partially cut.
Phone calls will be delayed in getting through
and others will not get through at all. he said.

Brink’s jurors meet

Goshen
(AP) Jurors began deliberations Wednesday.
after being ordered to ignore “political
views" in the trial of three radicals accused
the the $1.6 million Brink‘s armored car rob-
Jcry and murders nearly two years ago.

The panel of seven men and five women
began deliberations at 11:37 u.m. after
receiving 90 minutes of instructions on the
law from Orange County Judge David Rittcr.

Defendants Judith Clark. 33. David
Gilbert. 38. and Kuwusi Balagoon. 36. who
faco up to 25 years to life in prison if con-
victcd, chose not to be present in court for
:he judge‘s instructions.

The defendants contended that the Brink's
robbery was a justified “expropriation” in a
war against U.S. imperialism. but Rittcr told
the jury “this is not a trial of political
views."

 

 

 

 

 

PREVIEW OF EVENTS
_

September 19-20. The keynote address
scheduled for September 19 will be
delivered by llcnc Margolln. Assistant
Secretary for Human Services. Registra-
tion fees are as follows: 815 for

The Junior College of Albany has an-
nounced the September 26 opening of
an exhibit of Self-Portrait Dolls by
Claudia DeMontc, composed of pulp.
paper. glitter and acrylic. Rathbone

the Schacht Fine Arts Center at 7 p.m.
Admission is $1.

On Thursday. September 22. at 7 p.m.
the Feminist Alliance will hold its se-

The Nelson A. Rockefeller College of
PUblic Affairs and Policy of State
University of New York at Albany, for-
mally makes its debut Thursday.
September 15 at an inaugural convoca-
tion.The convocation is slated to be a
mixture of academic ceremony. scholar-
ly discussions of important public policy
issues, and recognition of distingushcd
scholars and policymakers. many of
whom are graduates of the University at
Albany. All are welcome. if you have
any questions. please contact Christine
McKnight or Mary Fiess at the Universi-
ty News Bureau at 457-4901.

The Women's Studies Programis
presenting a Research on Women Collo-
quium on Wednesday. September 21,
from 12:15 to 1:30. The Colloquium
will analyze "The Role of Women in
Buddhism." as presented by Laura
Roth. Physics Dept.. SUNYA. For in-
fotmation. call iris Berger at 457-8419.

The fourth annual conference of the
New York State Council on Family
Relations will discuss "Stimulating
Sound Family Policy; Focus on
Public/Private Partnership," and will
be held at SUNYA': Alumni House on ‘

cond annttal potluck dinner. All women

NYSCFR regular member. $10 for
NYSCFR student member.$25 for non-
member. and $15 for student non-
member. There is an additional $12
charge for the dinner and keynote ad-
dress on the 19th and an additional $5
charge Slmkin Salsbcrg at 4746464.

Fear of Stnngen.a noted Albany band.
will hold their last concert appearance
on Friday. September 16 at the Albany
Hilton on State Street. The show starts
at 10 p.m. In the Main Ballroom. and
will be the group's ﬁnal appearance
before breaking up.

Gallery opening day hours are 5 to 7
p.m. Regular gallery hours are Monday-
Friday from 10 am. to 4 p.m.. and
Monday-Wednesday evenings from 6 to
it p.m. The exhibit will continue through
October 15.

Russell Sage College has announced the
following upcoming events: On
September 17. a Dance Program
features Klken Chin's "Between," in
the Little Theatre, 8 p.m.. general ad-
mission is 53. free with student 1.D. On
September 18 and t9, the ﬁlm “Lovers
and Other Strangers" will be shown at

are invited. Guest speaker will be Gloria
DeSole of the Afﬁrmative Action ofﬁce
and the presidential task force on
women's safety. For more information,
call Lisa at 462-1571.

The Arts and Disarmament will be the
topic of a panel presentation to be held
on Monday. Septctnber 19 at 7:30 p.m.
at the Little Theater of the Capital
District Psychiatric Center. 75 New
Scotland Avenue in Albany. All are
welcome. For more Information:
4214-4037.

 

 

£155.:

a—v.

. ”% MM...

 

 

...-._J .  ,, a.

SEPTEMBER [5.1983 El ALBANY STUDENTPRESS 3

Overcrowding problems greet dorm residents

 

By Steve Fox
NEWS EDITOR

 

Overcrowded suites. tripling in Residential Assistant
rooms, sleeping‘ in lndian Quad lounges. and the set up of
small “bunk rooms" in Alumni Quad have greeted incom-
ing freshman as the fall semester begins. said SA President
Rich Scltaffer.

Schaffcr said he was told that about 170 students have
been inconvenienced, either by having to triple up on Dutch
and lndian Quads, or live in “bunk rooms" on Alumni
Quad. Schaffcr added that the problctns were caused by
general confusion and lack of planning by the Office of
Residential Life itt their first-time ever use of u coututcr to
assign housing.

“They. (Residential Life Directors) were not its prepared
as lhcy thought they were. They were expecting minor pro-
blems. lull instcnd had major problems which they did ttot
cxpcct." snid Schnffcr. He added that i‘rcsluncn were not
notified of their housing assignments until the last chk in
August. it three week dchty compared to recent years.

Director of Rt‘witlt‘lliitll Life John A. Martone defended
the ttcw assignment system. which up until this year had
bccn done manually. saying that "this new system provides
students with better services." Students now get their rootn
numbcr, their Quad. their roouunulcs address and phone
number, and their suite-mates names." Martone explained.
“Wc have not looked at what caused thc problems. we have
to go back with the programmer to find the mistakes." he
said. He added that tltcrc were only about 130
misnssignmcnts out of 6300 and that some of these errors
were caused by other problems. such as filling out forms in-
correctly."

Martone said that sortie of the delay in assignments was
caused by the uniqueness of thc housing assignments in that
there was no package software for the system. He added
though that overcrowding and temporary housing is
nothing new. and has occurred for the past eleven years.

“Tltcre is no correlation between the computer
misassignments and overcrowding." Martone stressed.
"there is just not enough on-cumpus housing. it has always

 

 

 

State Quad '- '

 

 

"People have the choice of this or nothing. It can last two weeks or a semester. "

 

been this way. people have always been in bunk rooms."
"People have the cltoicc of this or nothing, it can last two
wccks or the whole scmcstcr.“ he added.

Martone noted tlutt the Ofﬁce of Residential Life is
housing people at 105 percent capacity. A larger freshman
class, a large ntttnbcr of late applicants and the attrac-
tiveness of living on campus are sortie of the reasons Mar-
tone offcrcd for the overcrowding. He added that there are
some proposals for more housing. but that housing is a

tight money situation. and that anything can impact hous.
ing. "We did our best to straighten everything out. but
sotne were inconvenienced." Martone n0ted.

When asked about the overcrowding problem Scltnt‘t‘cr
said “the problem has never been this bad, and people have
never been sleeping in lounges." lie added that the com-
bination of problems caused the whole system to fail and
resulted inn “major screw-up." "it is a great idea. but they
have to know what they are doing.“ Schaffcr said. IJ

Pougue Chosen for Student Affairs Vice President

 

By Arthur Vidro

After a two-year search. SUNYA president
Vincent O'l.cary this summer named African
and Afro-Amcricun department head Frank
G. Poguc vicc-prcsidcnl for student affairs, at
ncwa-crcntcd post. Neil C. Brown —

—7

 

formcriy dealt for student affairs —— is now
dean of students.

The student affairs office is an indepen-
dant department separate from the broad‘
based university affairs department.

l’oguc. 44. believes his new post will
strengthen the division of student affairs.

 

 

 

Campus postal employees arrested

Two campus postal workers were arrested August 24 on charges of misconduct and
petty lurceny. misdemeanors, and one felony charge of falsifying business records. accor-
ding to the Vice-President for University Affairs Lewis Welch.

 

“scrutinized regularly because of the cash involved."

Welch said that the two state employees. Carmen Francelln. 50. and Ronald Kelly. 35.
had been under investigation for several months by auditors and inspectors from the
university and the Postal service. Welclt noted that post offices and their employees are

The specifics regarding this case were rtot made available by the District Attorneys 0f-

“Thc quality of student life will be dealt with
on a daily basis. For me. anyway. it's signifi-
cant to have on-thc-sccne representation to
tile university president." Poguc said he was
previously the chief student affairs officer.
responsible to O'Lcary for campus life and
administrative matters for students.

"1 see myself as student-focused. l have a
very high regard for students, and i enjoy
working with them. thn 1 think of a
university 1 think of students." said Poguc.

“Student affairs was operating before."
said Student Association President Rich
Scltnffcr. “but we didn't have input on the
vice-presidential lcvci." '

Schoffcr said his relationship with l’oguc is
"open" and that they have worked together
on bus and alcohol policy issues.

l’rcsidcnt O'Lcary decided to create the
new viccvprcsidcncy and launch a search for
the proper candidate two years ago. follow—
ing a recommendation made by a Middle
States College Accreditation Team visiting
SUNYA, Poguc said. A news release adver-
tising the position was dispatched. and a
search conunittcc formed. consisting of
students. faculty, and non-teaching person-
ncl. O‘Lcary offered the job to Pogue. Pogue
said he had not applied for it.

When asked whether the l’ogue appoint-
ment was part of an afﬁrmative action pro-
gram by SUNYA. O'Leary replied. "i am
dcliglttcd to have a member of the black cont-
munity on my team. but he was chosen
because he was the most qualified."

in regard to the need for the new depart—
ment appointment O'Leary stated. “the Mid-
dle Slates Evaluation Team made the recom-
mendation to split the vice-presidents of stuA
dent affairs and university affairs. Every
other campus in SUNY has the separation."

Brown likewise did not apply for thc posi~
lion. “1 was administering the division whild
thc scorch process was going on." he said. “1

body; 1 like that. l'm very gratified the vice-
prcsidcnt's position has been returned to the
campus. 1 applaud tltc president's decision to
do that."

Brown and Poguc have worked together
for over 10 years. “We‘re close-working col-
leagues with a great regard for each other."
said iirown. “i'm perfectly happy playing a
staff position to Frank l’oguc."

Brown said itc vniucs his present luck of a
supervisory role because now. unencumbered
by items such as budgets and contract
negotiations. he has time for creative projects
and working closely with students.

“At this time," said Poguc. “Brown is
responsible for developing division widc pro-
gruins involving students at all levels. He
reports directly to tire."

Student Affairs became the fifth vicc
presidency in ()‘l.cury’s cabinet. The other
four are: Finance and Business. Academic
Affairs, Rcascttrch and Educational Develop-
ment. and University Affairs. SUNYA's lust
Student Affairs vice president was Dr. Clif-
ton C. Thornc. a popular tnan who left the
position in 1971 to become a vice-chancellor
at SUNY-Central.

flee.

workers

dlsmissu

lit-cu urruigu

hearing. I
lirttncellu and Kelly could rtot be reached tor comment.

 

'I‘lie inspectors accused tltc two of “failing to meet their responsibilitly us postal
." being involved ill the “diversion of funds." and “maintaining false records."
Wclch said. Wclch added that lllc two workers have been “suspended from their duties
with a disciplinary process pending the findings of the criminal charges.
“The disciplinary action can range frotu a letter of reprimand, to a fine or a '

I." Welch said. The charges are state criminal offenses. he added.

Assistant Director for the (‘umpus Police .lolrtt llcnlghan said that the workers ltud
cd and were out on bull and that he anticipates there will be a grand jury

this campus."

teaching faculty.

—Steve Fox

 

 

thought a new voice was needed. i felt l was
not the proper person for that position on

“I consider myself a very good student all
fairs worker. liut we’re talking about a vice—
prcsidcncy. i didn’t finish my Pll.D. A vice-
president should have the Ph.D.. which gives
(one) a more solid relationship with the

“l’m comfortable here and i plan to stay."
added Brown. "1 like what the campus is and
what it represents. We have an active student

  

 

 

University News Bureau
Dr. Frank Pogue

"New post will strengthen the divb'iun afslul-
(lent affairs. "

   

 

 

