 

may}:



_.ao-<»~—-

 

 

 

 

 

State budget hearings begin

Albany. New York
(AP)The joint fiscal committees of the State
Legislature began dissecting Gov. Mario Cuomo's propos-
ed $31.52 billion state bttdgct on Monday.

Kicking off three weeks worth of budth hearings on
specific areas of state spending. tlte ﬁscal committees began
the process by pulling tltc spending plans of the state
Health Department under the microscope.

Chief 0n tlte minds of the legislators were proposals to
cttt state funding for such thittgs as genetic research and
medical school programs to encourage family practice
medicine and proposals to make ntorc New Yorkers pay for
local health services.

Throughout the bearing. State Health Commissioner
David Axelrod attempted to reassure legislators that his
department still cared for people. but that the state's fiscal
woes forced some cuts irt services.

And Dr. Axclrod defended plans by Ctromo for a one»
year moratorittm on much hospital and some nursing home
construction. Producing a cltart depicting “health care
capital costs" tts a Pac-Man like figure “eating up all our
options " Axclrod insisted the proposed action was “not a
trriudle moratorium." “erile the grrtphics have improv-
ed" said Assctrrbly Health Committee Chairman James
'l'allon, l)-Binghamton. of Axelrod's colorfttl chart. “the
frtrtding of public health ltas not."

The health corrnnissiotrer rtlso said that while Cuomo had
ordered the department to cttt 302 positions — as part of
the governor's plan to reduce tlte state work force by 14,000
~ he had not yet decided who should he fired.

PLO parliament convenes

Algiers. Algeria
(AP) The Palestine Liberation Organization's parliarrtent
today operts its first sessions since the Israeli invasion of
Lebanon with leaders trying to disguise their ittterest in
President Reagan's Mideast peace platt. PLO sources said.

I11 three days of intensive preliminary debate. top guer-
rilla leaders from tlte Pl.()'s eighr factions reportedly
agreed to take a hard-line posture against the Reagan plan
in pttblic while tacitly accepting the main provision of the
platt in private. Sources said that as urged by Washington.
the PU) will allow King Iitrsscitt of Jordan to enter into
negotiations with lsrttcl on behalf of the Palestinian
population on tltc \Vest Batik of tire Jordatt River attd (Jara
strip.

The Jolintcmbcr Palestine National Council is heading
into a week-long meeting ttndcr the chairmanship of hard-
liucr Khaled Fhotttn. It is the first Pl.() parliament session
since Israel invaded Lebanon last .luttc 6 and forced tlte
evacuation of PLO guerrillas frotn their Beirut stronghold
last surttntcr. The guerrillas are now scattered in North
Africa and the Middle liast.

The council is to debate recommendations from the guer-
rilla leaders and adopt resolutions setting the futttre course
for the guerrilla movement. One basic issttc apparently con-
timrcd to divide the faction leaders: whether to accept or re.
ject the Reagan proposals calling for Palestinian self-
go\crnment in “association” with Jotdatt brrt without arty
sltttc role for the PLO.

Hussein has given notice that he itttcrtds to go ahead with
talks with Israel by Matclt 1. whether or not the PLO ltas
formally agreed to authorize him to speak for it. The
lstaelis and the Americans refuse to negotiate directly with
the PLO. Faced with ilussciu‘s determination, Arafat urg-
cd the organization to accept that part of the Reagan plan.

Eubie Blake dies at 100

New York. New York
(AP)iiubic Blake. the famous jazz pianist. composer and
eondttcter whose hits delighted audience. ' the 19th
century, has died of pneumonia and the complications of
age. five days after fans celebrated his 100th birthday.

Blake. said a friend. musician Louis Jacobs. “was
pushing himself to reach 100...For the last
year and a half, that's what we talked about."

Although his illness prevented Blake trout 'altL‘ndiiig the
parties, including one for about 1.500 “close friends"at
the Shubert Theater. he was able to watch the festivities on
television and receive phone calls and telegrams from all
over, including a telegram from the White House.

Blake died shortly after noon Saturday at his Brooklyn
home, where he had been ﬁghting pneumonia for several
weeks.

Born with ﬁngers so long his mother would tell him to
ltidc them so people wouldn't think he was a pickpocket,
James Hubert Blake played his first tune on a department
store organ at the age of six. and was playing piano in a
bordello in his native Baltimore when he was 15. He wrote
such hits as “i’m Just Wild About Harry." “Memories of
You" and “You Were Meant for Me." and collaborated
with Noble Sissic on such Broadway hits as “Shufﬂe
Along" and "Chocolate Dandies."

“Black Broadway" died out-during the depression. but
Blake said it was not so much hard times as the fact that
“after the white writers learned how to write syncopation.
they didn't need us."

    

 

 

 

Researching rewards

For any graduate students who are having trouble mak-
ing ends meet. the Benevolent Association will make ap-
proximately 15 grants to graduate students working on
the completion of their master’s thesis or doctoral disser-
tation.

These awards of up to 5500 are intended to defray
research related expenses and the deadline for appiing is
March 1. 1983. ContaCt the Office for Research (AD 218.
457-7558) for proposal guidelines and application forms.

 

Sober Highways

Join the newest SA funded group arid combat the
widespread. statewide arid natiortal problem of drttnk
driving.

RID-SUNYA (Retrtovc intoxicated Drivers) will be
holding its first interest rneetirtg on Tuesday. Feb. 15 at
7:30 p.m. in LC 11.

Fottnder arid President of R11) USA. Doris Aken, will
be a guest speaker arid a short film narrated by Dick
('avctt will be shown.

Searching the horizons

Travel to other countries. Meet new people and learn
from them.

There are a wide variety of prograttts in several coun-
tries offercd by SUNYA artd to learn rrtore about them
there will be a general interest meeting sponsored by the
Office of International Programs. Thursday. Feb. 17 at 7

After years of writing for night club shows and touring
with the USO. Blake virtually retired in 1946 at age 63. Bttt
thanks to a movie called TheSIing, ragtime ltad a rebirth in
the late 1960s and so did Eubie. He got ttrany engagements
as a pianist arid guest on talk shows. attd had a hit Broad-
way rcvtte named for him.

Bald eagle flies again

Albany. New York
(AP)ln a “startling attd significant new development," two
American bald eagles—have ment by chance and apparent-
ly paired. according to a spokesman for the State Depart-
rttcnt of Environmental Conservation.

The state calls its cffort'ro restore New York's eagle
population the largest itt the world attd it succeeded in retir-
ing and releasing 11 birds from 197648. Since 1978, 53
eagles ltave been raised attd released ittto the wild. Four of
the 11 have reached breeding age. while the expected sttr-
vival rate to that age was three of the 11. and more cottld
still be alive.

The two birds’ discovery by DL-‘C wildlife biologist Peter
Nye itt Sullivan County resulted in tlteir being tagged with
radio transmitters to follow their progr The male was
reared at the Montezuma National Wildlife Refuge ttear
Syracttse and the female is of unknown origin.

Nye, ircad of DEC's endangered species ttnit. said in a
telephone interview the discovery was a major sttrprise. it
was the ﬁrst time a bird reared by man in New York state
had joined the annual witttcr concentration of 50—60 wild
eagles in the Delaware River watershed. Nye said fotrr
sitings ovor two weeks in January were the first since the
tagged bird had been released five years ago.

.
Ex-Nazr protests charges

Paris, lv‘rrmce
(AP) insisting “the past is the past." former Gestapo
leader Klaus Barbie says lie should not be retried on charges
of executing or orderng the deatlts of thertsands of French
'stancc fighters during World War 11.

in a television interview broadcast Sunday nigltt. Barbie
argued that only those who lose wars faec , ' ‘ for
war crimes.

“Until now. no general. no official person of the allies
has been accused of a so-called war crime because after the
war. they liquidated in their favor all of those problems."
said Barbie. Barbie. known as the “Butcher of Lyon." was
head of the Gestapo in that French city during the wartime
Nazi occupation.

He was convicted twice by postwar tribunals and sentenc-
cd to death in absentia for the torture, execution and
deportation to concentration camps of thousands of Jews
and other people from 1942 to 1944.

 

o.
r:
i
m
m
=
Q
..
n

 

   

 briefs

pm. in Humanities 354.

For further information call 457-8678. Whether or not
you are a language major there may be a program just for
you.

Sunny SUNY in the summer

Were you planning on working this summer? Well ap-
plications are now available for the Summer Planning
Conference. 1983 student staff. orientation assistants and
student assistants.

Applications are available in the office of the Dean for
Student Affairs, AD 129 and the application deadline is
Feb. 28.

A mandatory interest meeting will be held Tues. Feb. 22
in the State Quad Cafeteria.

For tnore inforntation contact Martha Fitch. AD 129.
457-4932.

The form lines here

Rusit over to the administration building because finan-
cial aid applications for 834“ for all students are now
available.

To be considered for campus based financial aid
students must file the SUNYA application along with
their paretrts 82 1R5 1040 and the FAF side l & 2.

Students should act now to pick up their application
materials the deadline for the receipt of completed ap-
plications is April 22.

Aid packets may be picked up front the office of ﬁnan-
cial aid AD 152. Aid packets for BOP students should be
picked up from individual 1301’ counselch in the BOP of-
fice.

Space out

Tire second it) a series of “Thursday Topics" sponsored
by the New York State Museum and SUNYA will take
place this Thursday. Feb i7 at 12:20 pm. itt the
ttttditorirrrn of the State museum til the Empire State
Plaza.

"The Moon: 25 Years into the Space Age" is the topic
to be prescrtted by SUNYA Geology Professor John
Delano.

The - Thursday Topics will be eonrirruirtg through
April 7 and are open free to the pttblic.

   

 

Barbie lived in Bolivia urtder an assumed name until this
ntontlr, when Ite was expelled. returned to France nrtd
charged with “crimes against Immunity." France has
abolished the dcatlt penalty. but Itc faces life irttprisortmetrt
if convicted irt a retrial that has yet to be scheduled.

The former Nazi was interviewed by a Bolivian television
crew drtring his lottg flight frotn La Pal. to Lyon on Feb. 5.

“1 did my duty." said Barbie. who was rtrovcd late Satur»
day from the Fort Montlttc Prison in Lyon to the more
secttrc Saint Joseph ' ilily. “l was clticf of the anti-
rcsistance group itt Frattcc. My particular job was the war
against the French resistance."

Arens replaces Sharon

Jerusalem, Israel
(AP) lsracl's Atttbttssrtdor to Washington. Moshe Arens,
accepted tltc post of defense minister today. arid Ariel
Sharon bowed ortt of the job declaring he \‘as trot “a
bcatcrt titan."

Sharon, blamed by art isracli jttdicial commission for
failing to prevent the Beirut massacre of Palestinians last
September. rctnains itr the Cabinet as a minister without
portfolio. Yciriel Kadishai. Prime Mittistcr Mcntrchem
Begin's secretary. announced Arctts' acceptance of the post
shortly before Sharon took final leave of his office in a
brief ceremony at Defense Minsitry headquarters in Tel
Aviv. He held the defense post for 18 months.

To the sound of trumpets. Sharon reviewed an honor
guard and shook hands with the military‘s top generals out-
side his office. Some of his aides wept. “1 am not leaving
here a beatctt titan,” Sharon said in a brief speech that ill—
dicated he will attempt to corrtiturc influencing defense
policy. “A man's strength does not lie in whatever position
ire ltolds."

Begin told a visiting delegation frorn the European
Parliament in Jerusalem that the political changes promp-
ted by tirc Bclrttt massacre probe “do not have rind will not
ltave any impact on the problem of pcttce itt tltc Middle
East. Nobody should be worried that the difficulties we
face rtow internally will influence otrr wish to establish
peace iii the Middle East. in all sectors. with ottr
neighbors.”

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Correction

in a story on foreign students itt the Feb. 8 issue shorrld
have stated that foreign students come to SUNY to seek rttt
Anglo-phone education. n01 an Angio«Saxon one.

Also. the reason mentioned for the number of foreign
students at SUNYA lcvelittg off in a few years to 800 is not
because of increased tuition costs, bttt rather the reason
that most foreign students in the U.S. are seeking engineer-
ing and technical degrees which ottr campus does not offer.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

AlricanlAlro-Amertcan Studies Professor
I .

DAVE RIVERA UPS

“my Frank G. Bogus  . W 7 7
I. ‘ntposxilrlc to understand U. S. his/urn wit/tout knowing Ilrr‘ role blue t'ltttvt'purl/river].

 

 

FEBRUARY 15, I983 1‘1 ALBANY STUDENTPRESS 3

 

By Amey Adams

February is Black History Month. and
SUNYA’s African/Afro-American Studies
Department and the Albany Strttc Universi-
ty Black Aillarree (ASUBA) invites the en-
tire campus to celebrate. .

ASUBA plans a semester-long voter
registration drive for minorities to begin
this month. according to ASUBA Chair lid
Edwards. As part of the drive, ASUliA also
hopes to have assctitblytnett forrrt the Black
and Prrctto Rican caucuses speak on catn-
ptrs during Black History Month. lidv'ards
said.

The Department of African/Afro-
Amcrican Studies will present the Martin
Lrtthcr King. Jr.—-ll|ack History Month
Luncheon Convocation on Friday.
February 25. according to Dr. Frank (i.
Pogrre. chairman of the African/Afro»
Atncticatt studies departtnettt. Dr. James
Cone, a professor of systematic theology at
Urtiott Theological Seminary. will speak at
the luncheon on the topic of “Martin
Luther King and Malcolm X: Racism
Reconsidercd." said Pogrrc.

Also plarutcd for Black History Montlt is
art event called lliackacrulcmics. a
trivial bowl which will take place later ill the
rnorttlr. said l:d\\'ttt'ds.

Black History Month began is
Washington i).(‘. itt 1926 as Negro ilistoty
Week, Poguc said. The cottccpt was in-
trodttced by Carter 1). Wootlsoti. fonmler
of the Association for the Sttrdy of Afro-
American Life ultd History. The purpose of
Negro ilistoty chk was to liigltligltt Iltc

 

Black History Month raises cultural diversity .

contributions of blacks to the development
of the United States and the world. The last
five years it has been celebrated as Black
History Month. Poguc said.

“Black History Motrtlr is observed na-
tiorutlly irt grade schools. colleges. and
universities and by all black organizations.
We observe Black History Month on cam-
pus by combining the Mttrtin Luther King
birthday with Black History Month."
Poguc said.

“it has just caught on the last two or
three years for the general campus. ASUIiA
has always honored Black History Month itt
one way or another.“ lidwards said.

lltc pttrpose of Black History Month. as
lidwards sees it. is to clear up the
misconception that blacks have trot con-
trilmtcd to America's historical develop-
rncttt. lidwrtrds expected the hope that all
Students “ill recogni/e the contribtttions of
blacks.

‘I’tmtlc’ sees illack History Month as a ma-
jor t'\cttl. “it is my basic belief that in rt
society such as ours. given the pectrliat
history of Alro-Attteticans itt the United
States. it is \itttrally impossible to unders-
tand the Itistot y or the United States
without understanding the history urtd role
blacks have portrayed itt what is unique
about America. A liberally educated pcrsoti
is not only one who possesses a lot of skills
itt liberal tttls. but is also one who has learn-
cd to appreciate cultural diversity. 1 see this
celebration as a way of introducing students
to that diversity." lie said.

However. Poguc also stressed that the

8>

 

 

' ‘By Debbie

MK'I/I II: N

Judge
I‘S LI)! UR

 

posed itrcreasc would bring next year's total to $3.000.
arid adding increased board fees. next year‘s students cart
expect to pay over $4.000. Corso said.

University Council favors differential tuition

with a portion of the increase made available as tuition
assistance to lower ittcornc
$1 1.100.000 or .10 pcrcettl of the initial 537.126.000 rcduc'

stttdcrtts. Approximately

 

iii an emergency meeting last night. SUNYA‘s
Univcristy Council voted 8-2 to endorse a differential tui-
tiott increase designed to stave off faculty cttts called for
in the 1983-84 State Bridget.

The proposal. aimed at maintaining tltc quality of
education at SUNY's four university centers. would in-
volve an increase of $250 for students at the university
centers of Albany. Binghamton. Buffalo arid Stony
Brook, according to SA President Michael Corso. This
increase is in addition to the $425 overall hike 'alled for irt
Cuomo‘s bridch proposal.

The accepted resolution will now be passed to SUNY's
Board of Trustees. according to (Henry. which rnttst

“it will cost tnorc to go to Albany State University than
()neonta College." Corso said. “i believe that it isn't fair
that because of financial ability only someone tnight be
able to go to a college btrt not a university. " The SA presi-
dent also forsaw students' “loss of a political base” attd
fighting for rcventte among institutions as arguments
against the proposal.

Brit Corso also said that President Vincent ()‘l.cary,
who sits on the Cottucil. gave "very good reasons" irt stip-
pott of the proposal, his basic argument being that the
quality of a SUNYA edrtcatiott would suffer with the
faculty rcdttctions affected by state budget cuts. ()‘i.eary
was looking at the increase as an alternative source of

tion being levied on SUNY. will be raised by tile differen-
tial increase. according to the rcsolution's text.

Within the document. it is argttcd that the differential
tttitiott is justified on “educational as well as econotnic
grounds," pointing ortt first that the research emphasis of
graduate centers make tltctn tttore expensive. and
therefore these cettlcrs should “bear a itighcr percetttagc
of their cost." Secondly. because university eettters
generate tttiiliotts of dollars itt tcs 'arch artd traitting funds
for tire state. they are wottlty of ptotcctiotr.

The resolution also notes that “it is widcl ' accepted
practice among systems of public higher cdrtcatiott across

legislature.

to a lot of political and other “notifications
difficult for students."

 

 

review otltcr options and compose an impact statement of
the cuts‘ effect on the university. A decision on the
resolution tnttst be reached by March 1, ()‘lcruy said.
when the proposal will be turned over to the state

torso. the strident t'epresentathe on the Council. said

he is “dead against" tltc proposal. “I think it could lead

t'orso calculated that it costs approximately $2.325 for
room anti tuition at SUNYA at the prescttt time. The pro-

revenue. Cot'so added.

adopted.

that will be

positions would have on the university,
According to thc linixctsity ('otmcil resolution. the ad-
ditional revenue will be granted to the university centers

According to ()‘icrtt‘y. the Council “tccogni/cd the
burden placed on students bttt felt that the integrity of the
institution was so thterrtenctl" the proposal had to be

()‘l,crrry outlined the points that inllttcnccd his position
earlier that day at a University Senate meeting. colleen-
trating on the damaging effect the anticipated ltrss of 22‘) SUNYA. |1ut ('otso maintained that Penn State. Rutgers.
tltc llrri\ctsity of Michigan. and otth institutions listed
here not frttrdcd the same nay tts Si ‘NY and therefore has
no littsis for comparison, 1 '.

the nation to hate unitetsity centers charge a higher tni-
tion titan four-ycat iltsiilttliolts."
ported by citing differential tuitions charge by SUNY
medical schools, law schools. and comtttunity colleges.

According

used iti arguing for the rlit'lctcntial was a listing of other
"public/ptittttc”

This idea was slip-

to Color. one ground resolution supporters

schools \vhich charged tnorc than

 

Campus cinema to show porno documentary

 

By Steve Fox

After meeting two members frotn the
Feminist Alliattcc Friday afternoon.
University Cinctnas i and 11 Director Bill
Braddock has agreed to show the “other
side" of the pornography issue by presen-
ting the film Nol A Love Slory next
semester. No tnore X-rated films will be
presented by the University Cinemas 1 and
11 this sctnestcr, Braddock said. although
he added that the decision of whether or not
to show X-ratcd films next semester Will be
tnade by the new director itt the fall.

Controversy arose the previous weekend
when the Feminist Alliance protested the
showing of the X-rated movie Bad Girls.
l-‘emmist Alliance Co-Chair Chris Mayo
said that the members wanted to meet with
Braddock to “educate the organization on
the dehumanizing of women in por-
nography," Braddock agreed to meet with
Feminist Alliance members Libby Post and
Roberta Goldberg to try and reach some
sort of compromise on the issue. he said.
After the meeting Braddock said that the
Feminist Alliance had made a lot of valid

 

points. and that. “it is only fair and just to
show the other side of the issue by presen-
ting Nol A Love Story next semester."

Tire film is a documentary on por-
nography distributed by the National Filrn
Board of Canada. “Showittg the film will
show what pornography really is." Post
said. “that it is‘ not candy ttnd roses as is
portrayed. bttt actual violence against
women." '

Post said that she would rtot like to see
any X-rated films on campus, but. “you
have a problem with censorship itr that if
yott start censoring movies, a more conser-
vative element would enter and censor
everything." she added. ‘

Assistant to the Dean for Student Af—
fairs. Martha B. Fitch. has seen Not/t Love
Story and she said that “it is a good. educa-
tional film presenting the realistic side of
pornography." Fitch. who also teaches a
sexual awareness course on campus. added
that “the film is not a hard sell against por-
nography; it just presents pornography as it
is. The film takes the viewer to the inside
‘golngs-on' of pornography,” Fitch said.
bringing about a “subtle conscious-raising

to the viewer about pornography,“ she ad-
dcd. Fitch said that the documentary is tiar—
ratcd by a stripper. who interviews por-
trograplty stars. owners of peep shows and
strip joints along with the women involved
with them.

When asked about the controversy on
campus. Fiteit says site agrees with what
the Feminist Alliance is saying. “if we are
art cdrteatiorral cettter. you have to show the
other side; if you do not present the other
side of the issue it is not in trend with the
purpose of the institution," she added.
"Pornographic films are a money-making
event." Fitch said, “and Cinemas 1 and ii
ofcoursc look at it from a business perspec-
tivc."

Post said that the pornography industry
grosses about $8 billion a year. Assistant
Director of Cinemas 1 and 11 Mike Abncri
said. “There is a definite demand for these
movies."‘i—le added that Bad Girls sold out
Friday night. and that the combined atten-
dance for both nights was about 1200 peo-
ple.

Botlt Abnerl and Braddock said that Bud

15>

 

JIM VALENTINO UPS
Bill Braddock
“Only fair. . . to show other side. "

 

MPH-F...» y... 7. .1-    _. r.

