.. .. .. .. . ,,..,.,..,.....;. ‘- .. a”

    
  

      

Za'

 

 

 

 

\l

l]  .11 x HIGJEAJ
5A Special Aspects Issue

2 . a tio d I d a h h

9      sfepsnofatrhe ::plti:|?pgh‘:li‘ldmydfi Idliljes‘t l:

great deal of money In organizations that

do anything? is nuclear destruction really

imminent? Should nuclear energy and its

various uses be totally destroyed? Can they

1 are either pro or con on the issue? Should
be totally destroyed?

 

a

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

> WﬂOmwm)

 

 

 

  
   

  
 
 
 

9
8

mono- ~aM 31's!) m-inm'v‘n‘» 3‘

~ , - of nuclear power be tackled?
Should you leap into the forefront of the
vantages? Should you resign yourself to ,..vﬂ"
the fact that you. as an individual. cannot - , , . ', ‘

<i’
A h A I L" ow should the questions. moral
‘ ‘\ )Iand otherwise. posed by the use
itself? Should you scream about all the ad» ' ‘  i \

,TIIE NUCLEAR ARMS DILEMMA
you invest a great deal of time trying to
Why not tour.

{‘1’
AME Gates Of Delirium

t95'l

   
   
    

 

Anna Cohen

 

 

 

 
 
 

    
   
   
 
 
  
   

 
 
 
      
  

  

 

                  
     

  

on,” RIIQ‘“ Mi,-
rfillffd'l: “onset. 205.50 mm "tor. ’ i '1 I "a a, l‘ the ,M ‘ The preceding lines are only a tiny
“Mngten. ~ n. .0 higher‘ﬁ‘m ., H n l ' ti. ” an ’ \ synopsis of the overwhelmingly great
95" Pram“ “'9 e r deeiium‘ “2‘: ll‘ioﬁqod"\22d oniy “‘ 9‘“ number of questions that you must ask
N. gm units at” mmﬁtﬂzm h r it as n yourself upon reviewing the issue of
“a m“ tare—tr: w . “m - mm“: 23‘?” nuclear energy. They are listed in such
0. r we“ mute”... 5 rapid succession so as to make you more
art;i 2:“20' n aware of the many divergent viewpoints
“1 y "ﬁnely. and attitudes that become involved in such
hunu‘wsrhﬁ t I ﬁr“ m H m 4”, M A“ ’In a review. And. they pose many of the basic
m :gg‘mtm ‘ mm.) page‘s-m m u, c,,."°;vlgu"€,4rlhur questionsthat you must ask yourself before
ﬂ... tor m Hummus“; “specimen”. ﬂ. .nd/nr an” Migrant,” passing Into a state of activeness or

contents on;‘ an d destruc nuahte "34 The“ form”?! .1. M“ c‘ 07;” passiveness on the issue.

" ’"9erylfall.;’;- Pr...” v” in deciding whether to involve yourself
0 " W “is "" actively in programs for or against the uses

an???“ I I r 9 you y, u mu _4 of nuclear energy. you will find yourself
re, "' y D _- confronted with all of these questions. But

' first. you must decide whether you are for

or against the continued use of nuclear
energy. This is a vastly complicated ques-
tion. for not only does nuclear energy have
a multitude of uses ranging from the pro-
duction of energy (a survival tactic). to

rather 5" l
. rind I

tons W'-
ructtori

merit.

  
 
    
 
 

 

 
 
     
 

 

 

 

" «MP W fa , I military weaponry (a destructive tactic). but
angina; b ca! :0 "L;  um]. Mb it also entails the dilemma that questions
H " ‘ulta ‘ t 1a,, "l’ly 0”“. A“, the feasibility of actually being able to bring

the production and development of y

 

nuclear energy to an end.

 
 
   

 

 

 

‘ P
a. y c
5r. "t r “’"M, an
“hf/Mu? p l” r 13:”! When and if you have reached a per-
.3
I” l 9' sonal conclusion you must then commit

yourself to either action or non-action.

Col. Paul Tibbets about to take of! on the first atomic strike.
Many understandably choose non-action
because they are not willing or able to

 Witness The Change

extremely liberal or extremely conservative . ’. \\ , .

views held by the Various action groups, ..0. ﬂsmarscpfecrtsg frszicd‘eilit fleagarihs Scholars Iare usually more tentative in ad-

Mme one" ‘hough‘ people do "0‘ ac. . . /. k p as man . vancrngtielr conclusions. especially when
\ ,. attac ing the nuclear freeze as a they are speaking for their profession.

   

ty at its last annual meeting. It said that:

Whereas. as professional historians

 

 

o l 9 ‘

itor s Aspect.
A couple of months a
about the things i was
issues. He asked me

Nuclear Arms dilem
because i was concerned about keepi

ma. l was immed

possible in its presentation of subjects

issue was more than ‘a ood '
serious as this with Profegssor Stills; 53316
public to become aware of the stude t
"n Val/political ideologies. and it would Er?
ommu'nity insofar that faculty and stude l,1
something that was important to us all i3n
myself canvessed articles, and what you v;

952::f‘e’lstsfcn:A Harry Staley and l were talking
' . spects. and my plans fo f
if l was interested in doing an issuerohnlh:

lately interested. not only
ng Aspects as diverse as
but because l felt such an
Presenting something as
do two things: allow the
while expressing their
9 together the SUNYA
5 would work jointly or
th Professor Staley and
ll see on the next seven

Word On A Wing

There is no need to feel helpless or get
paralyzed by hopelessness. We know we
have the power to make changes if we can
1.0m together and raise our voices in
unison. There is more power in numbers
than we ever hoped to dream about! I call
for. us to let our numbers grow exponen-
tially as we all take it on ourselves to

 

because they feel that nothing can be ac-
complished through group action and so
remain on the outskirts of such organiza-
tions. tending to their own affairs and
resigning themselves to the conviction that
if a nuclear holocaust does occur. groups
or no groups. we will die the same death
anyway.

For the conscientious individual
however, it is a far more difficult path to
take in committing himself to a group
because he sees the dissonance between
thought and action, and (more often than
not). the apparent futility in such
endeavors. Still. he sees that it is necessary
to put up with the inconsistency and to
tolerate the devastatingly small impact that
his actions will have upon the outcome of
the future. Morever. he will see that these
actions may be a small. but necessary. step
in a more right direction. This is a
frustrating and morally awkward part to
play because the individual must not only
compromise many of his own beliefs and
convictions. but must constantly fight to
overcome that sense of futility that he will
almost instinctively feel.

This is not to imply that only a select fac-
tion of us are moral or thoughtful. We are
all of us conscientious in one way or

“very dangerous fraud." deserves our at-
:ention. it is that he not only appealed to
the gospel to support his case. but also to
that righteous God. history. “If history
teaches anything." he said. "it teaches:
Simple—minded appeasement or wishful

Dr. Donald Birn

,thinking about our adversaries is folly-- it
means the betrayal of our past." Later he
warned against ignoring "the facts of
history" and staying out of the “struggle

between right and wrong. good and evil"

by calling the arms race a giant

misunderstanding.

There is nothing remarkable about this;
most of us have used analogies from the

We feel compelle
modern history all larg
weapons by rival powers
worsening of their relations.

we feel compelled to warn our fellow
citizens that in modern history all
large scale accumulations of
weapons by rival powers have in-
variably led to the worsening of their
relations. and usually to war:

And Whereas. the development and
productions of new nuclear systems
for the stated purpose of negotiating
the reduction of nuclear weapons
stockpiles have led rather to retain-
ing those weapons in a further
escaslation of the nuclear arms race;

And Whereas. in our judgment any

escalation of that race under present
circumstances undermines the

d to warn our fellow citizens that in _
e scale accumulations of
have invariably led to the

 
 
   
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
   
 
  
 

What prompted its passage was probably
an awareness that nuclear weapons pose a
new kind of threat that can't be handled in
the old way.

We are. after all. only doing what we
have done In the past when confronted
with enemies. We try to out-aim them to
deter them from attacking us or to defeat
them in war if they do attack. However
when we arm with nuclear weapons which
have an unlimited destructive power. we
risk destroying the world while trying to en-
sure our safety. it may be that history does
not teach us the right lessons here. Past
arms races were fundamentally different
lrom the present one because they lacked

this threat of total destruction
if the conditions are fundamentally

 

pages are the results of this. The centerf l
Andy Carroll. is a feature story about a O
Rezsin Adams who has spent much of ll”
movement, dedicating herself to truth

writers are joined by some new ones thi

present different articles on various to iS
of the Nuclear Arms Dilemma pcs

‘changed. it is not clear that the people
ll making the decisions about weaponry have -
changed their attitudes accordingly, Just as ‘
the introduction of gunpowder helped
destroy the social. political and military
' system that was feudalism. the introduction ’
of atom bombs may prove to be the catalyst
for a major overhaul of our world order-—
someday. We should not confuse our
hopes for the future with the reality of the

possibility of improving United
States—Soviet relations and brings
nearer the ultimate consequences of
warzﬁe lt Resolved that the
American Historical Association
goes on record to support the objec-
tive of negotiated nuclear arms
reductions with the Soviet Union
and other states. and to that end op-

d. beautifully written by spread these messages
onderful woman named .
er life active in the peace
and beauty. Our regular
wieleklas we have tried to
a re ating to the '

its effects on us. and the

past to justify our arguments. Even
historians. who usually deplore the way
Imnsacking the past pulls events out of con-
text and distorts them. think that their
discipline should be of use in understan-
itng the world around us. The question is
whether the president's analogies are
sound. We can leave aside his rhetorical
inking of the Soviet Union with Nazi Ger-

another. It is because of this conscien-
tiousness that you must decide. You must
choose between confronting the possible
consequences of using nuclear energy and
ignoring them. You must choose between
acting (upon recognition of such conse-
quences). and backing away frorii such ac-
tion.

Perhaps at this time and in this society. it

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

We fire the bearers of a new vision. We
rim} ispel the old destructive myths and
p ace them with the life-enriching truths

quences. i would like to persona“

“m y thank Harry Sta]

pla‘eeand Sfifzort. and for coming up with idea for this i553: {othail his
. an ezsin Adams for being so kind to gran M e ﬁrst

view and dedicate her valuable time

 

‘ AWily the inter-

 

Debbie Millnﬂ

that are essential to continued life On Our

planet.

 

.is not actually possible to shake people out
of the comfortable state of complacency
Vthat they have fallen into. But at least. (I
discussion such as this one will make more
clear the alternatives that confront the in-
dividual here and every where. now rind
.forever. For. whatever your decisions are.
iynu must realize now. that you will live and

die bv the Conger iiences that they effect. l l

 

irony. (when he cited "an historical reluc-
ance to see totalitarian powers for what
they are. We saw this phenomenon in the
t‘)Il()s; we see it too often today").ls he
right about the freeze?

Most historians don‘t think so. The
American Historical Association adopted a

 

nuclear freeze resolution by a large majori-

poses the production of any new
nuclear weapons systems at this time
as a policy prejudicial to our national
security and to the pursuit of
peace...
This was an unusual resolution for

 

historians to approve because it endorses
one particular interpretation of past events.

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

arms race today. We are in a dangerous
transition period. trying to cope with new
destructive forces which our experience
and our institutions do not equip us well to
manage. i i
Dr, Donald Him is 0 Professor of l llstory at
SUNYA.

 

