 
 
  

 

 

 

 

s- o _
.. .-atttz.WKWuunn~T—~—ﬂ

God Works At 'J errry’s

’ v 8a'pcrlpccﬂuco
’5‘ Paradise Re amed
P .
E
C
T
S
- M
A nce upon a time. God created the
R heavens and the earth. In good
time. he made lots 0/ other
1 things. with two a] the more Important
ones being Man and Time; in Time. God
1 created a way by which Man measures his
9 many ages. Today. life continues inhls
8 universe or 24 hours per day. seven days
3 per week and {SQ-odd weeks per yeal

without ever stopping. By coiricldeiice.
these were" also the hours 0/ business kept
by a restaurant on Madison Avenue called
Jerry's during tiie two years lspenl living in
the downtown section 0] Albany.
Throughout this short age 0/ rrian. Jerry's
maintained a track record equalled only by
the universe itsel ' it never closed.

Rob Edeistein

‘l bi. veClirick Darwin said it best when
he said. and | till(ilc.'l‘lcyl Everything
changes. You know what i mean?"

That's what .i T said to me ilrat night as
the six iii us walked into Jerry's at lliiJil.
For once i wasn't completely excited about
the prospect oi the coming oi the
alters"drinking>pre‘5ieeplitg- brunch. in
tact i wasn't ciiiiipletely excited about
anything l.lttie did i know that on this
iateiul irigiit. an event was soon to occur;
an event so mindscrambling tlrat it would
shake. rattle and roll me down to iriy very
soul.
i will admit that the timing ior such air
event was right. J.T.'s statement was
meant to bring me out oi my inevitable
doldrums. l was lamenting. as usual. about
the iact tliai. whether you like it or not.
nothing stays the same. My tenure at
Albany was coming to a close. This same
late had just hit Chile Franks. whose "clos-
ed" sign had recently been glued to the

  

 

 

 

  

 

window. Even “On Golden Pond" had lelt
the Hellman.

Things seemed to change so drastically
and quickly. it was as ii miracles-were oc-
curlng. But miracles are supposed to make
you believe. not disbelleve.

“Even this place has changed." 1 said
aloud with a slight alcohol slur as i noticed
the redecoration job and the new waitress.
"God." i said. “there's just got to be
something... something to believe in. I
can't believe in Superman. He's sold In
stores. The President? How can lbelleve in
a person who's autobiography is called.
Where's the rest 0] me?

My lriends complained and shut me up.
I was too tired. too discouraged to beat

them back. When the load linaily antved.
the sight and smell at my Lumberjack
Special renewed my spirit. l dipped a
greasy spoon into the coiiee and
declared."Therel Now that's something
one can beletve in. The Lumberjack
Special. it's always the best. Nothing like it
in all oi Albany. it's as it this food comes to
us through a divine decree!"

The guys laughed and with a bright smile
i cocked my head toward the grill ior a se~
cond. And there...there was a sight as
lateiul as any l'll ever see. Ever.

He was staring straight at me. For that
split second. only those eyes were visible to
me. At iirst l itgured it was only a coin-
cidence. But i was wrong. He had been
listening. He was now reading my lace. He
knew.

i turned back toward the laughter of my
irleirds but my mind was elsewhere. As we

 

 

 

 

gorgerl ourselves on our respective dishes -
each iii ior a king who's had a hard day's
work - i took occasional glances irom the
corner oi my eye at the man whose eyes i
had just met. He did riot look up at me
again. | memorized his ieatures.

He was tall and wore gold wire-iramed
glasses. His straight brown-blond hair. »
lengthy moustache and almost gawky
presence made look like an Aryan who
could pass ior a regular on Hee-Haw. l '
could not see any pants. which were
shielded by a grill and a counter. i 'could
only see a shirt and an apron. which were
both white.

But these all seemed secondary when
compared to what i saw in the eyes behind
those glasses. Even when i could not see
them head on. they appeared strong, yet
compassionate. They were. i reasoned.
almost toodtstinct.

i tried to put the eyes out oi my mind
and concentrate instead on this man's lace.
l soon realized that it was a lace l'd seen
beiore. Many times before. Suddenly. like
a thunderbolt. the ieeltng oi a major
breakthrough welled inside at me as a cun-
ning smile crossed my lips. My eyes met

1 “Even this place has changed, ” I said
aloud with a slight‘alcoholic slur as l notic-
ed the redecorati'on job and the new
waitress. “God,” i said, “there’s just got to
be something. . . something to believe in. I
can’t believe in Superman. He’s sold in
stores. The President? ‘How can i believe
in a person who’s autobiography is called,
Where’s the rest of me?

J.T.'s.

"What." he said. looking at me
suspiciously beiore inspecting his shirt to
see ii i was humored by some sloppiness
on his part.

"We got a theory." i said simply.

"Nobody theorizes at 3a.m.." he said.

“Look at the cook behind the counter." i

said.

J.T. tilted his head tor a second and
turned back to me with a "So?"

"Every time l've been in this place-~and
i've been to this place lots oi times at all
hours - that man has always been here.
Every time."

J.T. turired away and took a longer look

 

this time. "Yeah. he does look iamillar."
"OK. Now. the only things worth
believing in are those things which reiuse to
change. right?"
“Right. well. this Is leading somewhere. l

 

guess. O.K.. l'll give you that. What's
next?" '

“...Are you ready?" i asked bravely.

f'Druni roll please." he declared. mock-
lngly.

“ t's Him. The man behind the counter.
lt's Him."

“Who?” asked J.T.

“The man behind the couriter...|s God."

"What?"

My lrierids looked up lrom their
dissected sausages as J.T. shook his head

"You mean i played along with that just
for this? Fuuuuuuuuck you."

“Don’t you see." i ranted at mid-
volume. “This place Is open 24 hours and
ior 24 hours every clay that man is here.
Now. if Jerry's can be considered a
microcosm oi the universe..."

“A what?" said J.T. in utter disbeilei.

"Look. it it is a microcosm. then He's the
Almighty."

"in other words. he's ‘Jerry'," declared
J.T. with a sarcastic gaze toward heaven.

“No. shithead. He's God."

J.T.'s irlend Marc stared at me with wide
eyes from across the table. i turned to the
counter and stared at the man. He was
cooking.

"Christ." shrugged J.T.

“Blasphemer.” l yelled. “Look at you.
All ol you. How dare you doubt the word
of the Lord. Would you doubt the wallles
ol the Lord? What's the matter with you?
Do you think He likes handling bacon? Nol
All I'm saying is that in this universe. He’s
everywhere. You can see and ieel His
presence surrounding you. it's Hts iood.
Hts handiwork. He hast preparest a table
belore us. Face the iacts. guys. God works
at Jerry's."

Silence prevailed. With stares upon me.
i began to eat again and continued througl
the murmurs and” Marc's statement of,
"Oh. you need some protucktngiesstonal
help. man. That you do."

We are and ate and linaily got up. leit
our tips and paid. i looked again at an as-
yet-urmr im- ' '_,‘ _, God and braved
J.T.’s doubting queries on the way home.

“No. I don't believe He's God." i began.
“Well. not really anyway. But then again.
how would you know? Would you know
Him ll you saw Him? But iorget that. the
point is that l’m led up with the realization
that l'm living my final months in an Albany
that i don't want to leave - an Albany
without Chile Franks. mind you v when l'll
only end up at a home i leit years ago. No,
He's always there. it's something that
doesn't change. in this world. that's quite a
ieat. in my religion you believe in the
words of testament and generations: But
this guy is as real as you or i. He's as un-
changing as those worris. And it He helps
me believe in botii God and heroes. than i
can't be sinnlng."

J.T. snored. l pushed him and cursed
him till we laughed and we walked home.

Belore graduating I want back to Jerry's

  
 

 

ior inspiration and Lumberjacks. A dozen
times at a dozen dtiiererrt hours. He never
leit.

l .l r Li C] D Ll

Me? I graduated. eventually iound a job
and daydreamed of Albany. Then came
the day J.T. called.

"Oh. luck! Closed?"

"New management." began J.T. "it's no
longer called Jerry's. it's now called“Tlre
Egg and You.’ Same place. same load."

l guiped and asked. “is He there?"

“i don't know."

"is He there?" i boomed.

“Look. i haven't seen him. O.K.? Face it
kid. God’s been laid oil. He's got better
things to do than cook your breakiast."

“Do you really think He's gone? i
wonder what He's doing now." i said.

“He's probably working on the Mid-East
crisis or something."

But I couldn't really take J.T.'s word ior
it so i headed up to Albany ior the
weekend. On Saturday alternoon. J.T.
and l headed into the same restaurant we'd
always gone to. Only this time there was no
sign saying Jerry's and no huge yellow
menu with the chef illustration on it. And
no God.

We sat tn silence until the waitress
brought our "The Egg and You" menus
and soon alter asked us. " What'il it be
hon'?" She poured my coffee. I said
"when," and yet a bit of coliee still lound its
way into my saucer.

l“| don't know." began J.T.. “l'm gonna
graduate in another smemster. it's the last
thing i want to do."

“i guessthe only thing you Can believe in
is change." i replied.

We said little but ate much in the next

hour. The load was very good - not
heavenly. but very good. With a heity sigh.
we lelt the tip and grabbed the check. Then
- and i don't know what it was - something
made me glance back to the door leading
from the kitchen. ..
...And it was like in a dream. Out from the
kitchen He moved with a knowing smile
and a rhythmic stroll. in my mind i asked
forgiveness for ever doubting in Him. and
J.T.'s eyes almost flew [mm the sockets.
My golden call of doubts was reduced to a
leg a] lamb cooked medium rare and serv-
ed jrom His hands.

Yes. like a dream it seemed but reality it
was. And to Him ldeciareth here and now
my undying trust. He'll never/eel my doubt
again. Because in this. the veritable heaven
of the dell-restaurants. lie lravetlr no
match. So lorever l'll enter the hallowed

gate with the pastel green~llourescent

"809"and take seat inside His temple. And
I'll smile through the meals.kriowing that
each time lget coffee, my cup will runneth
over.

And. again. i'll know that. as long as He
mans the grills. isliali not want. El

 

  
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
   
  
  
    
    
  

iew From Abroad

he heat on the bus Is unbearable. it
beats dawn on the metal root and
ltiters into the cablii. producing a hot.
avy. swirling mist. leaving the passengers
splng ior iresh air.

t eri Kapiowitz

,,.___.__————-—~.-—— Ara wwv 
ltum and give Caren a irown. carelessly wip-
g the beads oi sweat lrom my upper lip where
gy occasionally slide down the contours at my
cc to the corners oi my lips. so I can taste the
agent salt.
Cirieir got me into this. All through Europe
a managed to travel by ourselves. stumbling
on all those important sights which people say
it haven't been to Europe unless you've seen
was hardly the scientific approach to travel.
it it was a way oi proving to ourselves (sort ol
e l ieiirtngway) that we could survive in roun-
les where we couldn't speak the language.
idir't now how to handle the currency illltl
aren't sure where we'd be sleeping iiirll night
Now. all iii a sudden. In Sal/.lruig. Austria.
rItr‘lt decides she wants to take a little tour
“it's called the Sound til Music ’l‘orir‘ "
‘ “(‘aiirii. it sounds really corny "
“No. no You get to see all the places where
he Siiiiiirl ii/ Music was llinied. and lilt(l out
It' inside scoop on the Von Tiapp Family "
Caren obviously thought that the inside scoop
ii litt' Von 'l'rapp lanilly was going to be as are
wasting a5 Dynasty. I still have reservations. liut
oiiielrow Caren itiiagies me to take the turn it
iris an overnight rieal~-a day ol sight seeing and
night spent in a hostel in the Austrian
rlelweissed irrouittalns.
Caren now has her eyes closed. and she

' t’ttulnlL’S her breathing. trying to sweat as little

5 possible Her hair is tied in a high ponytail
tiitl a bairrlaiia rings lier ltllL'lllltitl like a
misc-shoe I'lcr light blue shirt advertises Adidas
vliile her red nylon shorts sport an alligator in
he light. the word ‘blounries' looks like it ripples
lrriiugli lier derrlere. She is wearing l’rolKeds

The vinyl seat oi the bus is contacted to my
highs. and as | shill in my seat. my skin leels like
t's being pulled oil. The sun's rays are iirteii-

illi.'(l by the window and It feels like a lazer is
tillilg through my arm. l pray ior it to be cooler
as we drive trito the mountains

The tour gutde‘s name is Pepe. but he looks

like his name should be Klaus. He is Austrian.
but ltL‘ can be mistaken lot a Caliluriiian. He
sounds sincere. but reminds me at the type oi
guy wlru cheats on his girlirtend. He is 32 but
could easily pass ior 25.

Throughqu the stay Pepe tells the group he
egards us as travellers. irot tourists. and wants
5 to experience as much oi Austrian culture as
osslble.

Now ior an Austrian who looks like he should
e hanging ten at Malibu. Pepe ts saying
ometlitng very proiouird You see. tourists are
euple who clamor throuin Europe with tlrelr
aiiieras click. click. clicking away. develop
ieir iiliii. and can't retrieirtber what they've
Ien They are the people who are relieved to
rid a Mcl)uiiakls in France and are insulted that
ii loieigners do not know lrorv to speak their
iigiiage

Brit travellers are dlilereirt They try to im-

eise themselves in the cultures they are ex‘
Ioriiig. They hunt [or good ethnic restaurants
irrl detour irom the beaten tourist pailr. set-lung

iiiqrie experiences. They are the "When in

Ull'lt.’ ers...

Near the end oi the day as we ascend Hill) the
ips toward our hostel. the weather begins to
)Ul oil. Tire air that is laden with heat and

riisture thins out aird becomes delicately laced
_ tilt the scent oi ilowers Pepe stands up in lront
lilie bus and begins to speak in his cute little
ustiian accent.

"Listen all you travellers: we see many sings
(lay. yes? I teach you lit)\V to yodcl and we
’9 many Austrian places and eat re

eiiiersciinltzei. At zee hostel vee take /.e
usttian sauna! Ze Austrian sauna is. how you
y. co-ed and. naked "

Naked?

Come on. didn't they give you a street or
iiiiethiirg? You know. to wear like a toga? Was
I serious?

"My irieiids. 1 don't say you lial experienced
usirla until you lral taken to Situltl."

Well no way! i gagged through my
eirrersdrnlizei and cracked my voice yodeliiig
\d yawned at those countless churches. and

‘(lged through my share oi medieval castles.

it now this crummy gtrllrieird cheater is telling

e We got to take a nude sauna or else l'irr only

good as the next tourist waiting in line to see

. here Mozart laid his last movement

Well no way! Me getting nade iii iroirt oi

ople i don't know? i can't even undress in

mi oi my sister without hiding my chest or sit-

9 that ‘certain way' those models do.

Well maybe it it was only women. l'd splurge

itlie experience. it might even be therapeutic.
’ i l certainly wasn't going to parade naked in

mi ol some drooling sex-crared American

V5 who were probably all sitting in their seats

now with liard-ons. American guys were too
' mature to handle the situation. i didn't want

be material ior some guy's weirdo iairtastes.

Well maybe it the guys were Swedish. in

weatin

 

 

 

Sweden the men didn't look twice while the
women slipped iiito their bathing suits riglii on
the beach. 'i‘lrey treated women wrtlr respect.
not as objects. But American men associated
rudtty wltir sex

Well maybe ii my breasts didn't sag it was
rue. Only 1‘) and already they trad a tendency
o poiiit south. ii i hail little perky ones

Now. this is hard to explain in tact. it's im-
possible to explain. Move over James Joyce

Something tirslrle ul inc snaps. critripultiirg me
onto a new plane. into a dillerent dimension
My upper chest contracts and becomes rigid
while nerve impulses shoot up iruiri my spine.
through my head and into the air. My eyes leel a
pressure pushing them out oi their sockets

in a llaslr | change my mind: i ieel air
epiphany Nothing is going to keep me irorir talc
trig a sauna My inhibitions disintegrate into a
heap oi powdery ash

I look at Caren She is liuiiiiirirrg "The L'munrl
iii Music "

i: 1‘.

"First time?"

"Yes How about you’"

"Yes."l answer. now directing my question
toward the rest Ill the group "i"tl‘\t tinie’"

I‘Yiip "

"Yup "

"Yeah "

Nod

"lili-liuli "

We are all Austrian sauna Virgins I know it's
Carr'ii's inst tiriie ltil)

i sit on some tveritlierr-il picnic tables outside
the bar. with the rest of iriy group. My feet are
sweating in their socks rttltl sneakers My shorts
ieel too light lunch my hand through the iir'rk
Hi my Sillil to massage a shoulder irritated by my
bra strap.

For some strange reason the sauna is tilt the
second iloor oi a bar. near a lake I debate Clttttjr
giiig down a lew beers to relax Iiryseli i wonder
il l‘epe would consider me it traveler ill took my
sauna plastered. but 1 ﬁgure it's best to be con»
scioris ||i case the air in the sauna gets too hot

And who is iir my sauna group? Well. Tania
and lleliirut. oi course They are a couple ltdth
iiig lrorir Millsaps College. Mississrppi. cute
enough to be boiled iii oil.

Tania is a short. bubbly iiiiiirde wiili Shirley
Temple hair and a wliiilesoirre camper iii-tire-
week look. who really says. "Ya hear " lleliririt
ls dark haired. ruddy skinned. and earthy-
lorikiirg. with an ariri that is practically bonded
around little 'l'aiiia's waist. l’art iii what makes
them so cute. i guess. are their matching sailor
caps and the but that they share clothes. I had
seen the same pair oi orange basketball shorts
wiggling on both beiiiirds

Run is a tail. skinny. dorky-looking guy with
glasses and a weird lair line deriiaicullng iris
neck. so it looks like his head was just recently
slapped on alter being someplace else.

Sieve liatls lrom Oklahoma. but his mouth
lives In Marlboro country. Earlier in the day he

 

. K..." "H

 

got thrown by air liiiglislr-siyle horse while he
was trying to rule It Western

Davrrl is llltlll Oregon and keeps starting con-
versattorrs with me. just so he can hear ItlL' talk

"Where are you iioiir again?"

“New York

"Wow!" he says. pining "i just love New York
accents Talk some more '

Uy gr'vriit "

l’aidiiii irre""

Susan cniiies lioiii Vancouver. and insists it's
not a boring place She has strageg siiiiit blond
hair and a [)(tt‘lt'iitrltkt’li lacr-

That makes eight l"tlttl girls and low guys It
leels odd knowing that til it iew minutes we'd all
be naked together.

l)ave looks .it his watch “it's ii lit) "

We all stand up Hteve stamps out his
cigarette. llelmrit and Tania give each other a
puck. and we lrle into the bar The sudden
change ol light to dark ltllltil’s' us and we stitiiihlr'
iiito eat it other until someone lnids a door - an
elevator door We pile tltiti the elevator. and tire
rirtjjjles start The group perils with nervous
laughter at any ioiiinieiit l'lw elevator ihl't‘lltl‘i
and my bile goes with it

No sinirir I llriti rtt' it'ill lir'rl llir- .wi inrrl ilririr.
\\it|'ii eight it<ll\'r‘tl bodies paiarli- past us tilllii
\t'tillltirt i'lit‘l,‘ It'ltiittLl me oi \jilllt's As they go
by. it's as ii tin-y are iiyrljoii iriniq . til lltr' rtll - they
glide .ilinig. chatting till’llilV

lsee a naked man talking to a naked woman
llieii laces are relaxed Their bodies are at vase
l'iiey gesturi- illitl move all so naturally i iriir't
.vait to tip my rliitlir's oil .

Then on our toll. i’upe appears and says.
'(iet ready ior Ie sauna " lie casually drapes a
towel iii lioiit oi him like my lather does when]
accidentally barge into the bathroom just alter
lie's lililtritt‘tl showering. ’ ‘

"i it“; cheating." i tliiiik ‘

We wander min a iUI)|ll rvitir piles-til careless-
ly discarded clothes 1 notice a pretty Iiirrgr'nta
I' shut l'rl seen on a girl tilt the bus now bunched
Ittlt) a UtittL‘t Shoes and saddles rttt’tt'l
sl‘jirllrilt‘tl With their partners. but are strewn

‘ogetlrei Iii ttliL‘ heap

lseu tity giorip lioveiiiig till a tightrope tirade
oi cotton. polyester. and rayon threads On one
L'Ittl stands our communal irrotlir-r holding plies
iii clothes. reminding us litrtl we said we'd be
good iir lirnopr- ()ii the tillll‘i end is Pepe.
dangling a gold medal Willi "'l‘llAVl-'.l.lil("
l'lltl)iit£UIiL‘tl upon it

Caren and | L'rtt'lt grab the bottom oi our
T—siriit‘. and shouted:
"Oiie~‘i'wo-- l'lttt'L‘n-rprtlihU--"i:trlit  aird we rip
our clothes iiii The. rest oi the [jump quickly
iollows suit.

Well. the ilrst thing to do Is not look at
anybody below the tread. Our eyes rotate
broken ball bearings which prohibit us iioni
looking down. Everyone has a head. lint
nothing else.

We match lltltl the regulation pie-sauna
showers. and the girls quickly hover around one
nozzle. while the guys hang around another. like
a tuurtli grade party.

Tlits is silly. l grab the nozzle oil the wall and

 

par-pout“.

iire cold water at the guys. The water breaks the
ice. so to speak. and they retaliate by turning
their hot water on so high that the girls' shoots
out Icicies.

We shriek so loudly that Pepe appears and
sees the opposing set~up. He shuts one shower
oil so we are iorced to share the shower
together. We are all showering heads We bob
we laugh. We talk. but we are only heads.

Soon Pepe directs us into the sauna. Hr
opens the door ior us. and we saunter in

The hot. taut air blasts me into the room.
siirgeiiig my nostrils. I feel the air bugging me.
niatikettng me as thousands at tiny Invisible
velour towels quickly absorb the beads oi water
on my biirly‘ The air moves Ilt wares ol heal
and | ripple toward a beirrli

'l'lik’ sauna is a time by twelve imii mom with
orangey-ied wooden panels and trail tiers oi
ir-Iii lies In a corner is -| tall. square nri'tal lior.
.r'itlr t'ttjitl ltt'rtlt'tl lug granite ilit ks on l'tji iii Il

Wr- gallir-i on the bench and the “interim
lion resumes emctly win-re we leil oil win-ii wr-
had our clothes on Hoirretliliig about Dave's
iillill‘i gr ring to st littiil with -loliii \k'ayiir- Talk is
lirjlit and easy. and warm larirjlitei tilt riliites in
side our bodies the \say the ninth air iii the
sauna does on the outside

At lll‘rl i sit on tin.- lit'lit li rritlr itllt’ lmj propped
tiji ill lltllll oi lttt‘ pullr-il t low to illllt' itl\,‘ | best
l\tl riji \llrllljlll so my breasts don't mij .ll‘li l lil.‘
lllil lit larirjli ti-u ltrtlti w lltt‘U lltllt'l iiilijlt' Hill
litt'tl l we tliat \iisini is miqqriiri .iiiil |'\|'ll ii-jijliii-i
a itiiir‘ w | ieel siniii'rriiat lit'lh’t l'lie le relaxes
and tails

tiriiilririlly llli' hot sauna an thaws Utli ltIr/t'tt
ball bearing eyes. and they ltrlilll' rtrtli i‘il\l'
irriw rasriaily ior'usrrig on parts iii lili' liiiily
below the r inn

1 look .ii rlltlt'r and thighs and ‘rlllllltll its and
tent aiul breasts and iliisiis aiiil |illltlt hint and
pt'ttlst“. liliiiik we air riiir‘iji'tiiiisi/r'il penis it
looks illllt‘lt'lil bril still ieriigiii/alilr-

Tire .itiiiosjilrr'iu ler'ls jrai'keil \Ullt iiraiqerl
paitlt les and my ittilt‘itrtllit lei'ls ilaniinalrlr-
eliiiugh ill spontaneously mplorle ()ui riakr'rl
euplriiira makes us ieul tipsy and liqlit lreaileil
Friendships that take years to hit!“ ir-el like they
are loiniing instantly ()ui iraki'ilnt-ss tili|\\."i ris
rlose together the an riiri'ls us in one blanket
We ieel secure Wlitle we casually talk and joke
our bodies loudly declare lllr‘ll happiness and
lreedotir it's as ii our bodies had been crying out
lot this ages ago. and knew what was better lttl

us than we did No wiserracks. iiri advances no

erections. just tr tightening bond ol liteiulslrip -

and a new exhilarating ireedoin

l’epe brings on the sauna door and ttitJlttittS
ior us to mine out llL‘ ilashes his Caiiiriustiiair
smile at the drior's window and his teeth appear
orange through the tinted glass

When we open the door the cool air slaps us
in the lace. and almost pushes us back into the
sauna

"Now you must L'lttlt.’ to pores. says i’epe.
siiirultaiiuorislv turning on a cold shower

I shudder but decide to gun aird bear It (no
pun intended) l'ltt.‘ group naturally grrrvitrrles
toward one shower and take turns passing Il‘l‘
riot/.le .iioririil. helping with other out The
water is so cold it burns

Alter our port's \reie Lllljilyrll‘l' Liiiserl we
parade lJlllU llIL‘ \'Uli\ll\ltl We pass titt‘ i-leiator
tilllil where we ll<|ti last seen llli use Iltltlr' birdies
paiadinrj ni lililll Ill its lt st’t'ttts years ages
planes. iliiiir-irsiiins ago \iittt‘ rte ititi\‘i'ti lir'ir'
‘rllltti no bad Hill L'lllllit" oii ltriiii array iioiii
litt' liua\y. i‘lrlt‘k doors. and lit-all toward lltr'
\t'lrltltlil The smell oi iliirreis bet lxllllﬁ titt' ‘Illtt
lilt' twilight

Silhouette ripini silliiiritti' liptlli Villlitlit'ilt‘ Ill
iiurle boilir's upon iiirijestii' tit-in. ripuii sunning
Alps stirittly the sky creating a huge ill-iiariiri My
body ir-eis jinried with the hush aii's \killtitlll |
iloat iii the delicate breeze. breathing in the
treaty .irriiiia iii iliiweis \\itt(lt iii/lies and
weighs me down again i want llir' whole world
to be naked? i want the whole world ill see me

'iiakerl i want the \riirile world to ieel my

lil't’tlliiii i want to snig'

Caren looks at me lain singing l'iie Souririo.‘
Music

She joins in. and pretty soon we're tjui t'ttJltl
naked Americans howling The Sound o/ Mimic
hour the \eianda The Alps sing oui song back
to us Willi i iiiaglriiieteiit r-cliri i\‘\t‘tlir.’litllltg
throughout the valley

Pepe walks onto the veranda. scotr-ling tell
mg at us to be quiet We ignore him He has
created Super ‘l'ravelersulastei than an llrlitilll
train. more powerlul than Mexican rliili. ii‘lti
able to sauna with any Austrian

"2e sauna is closing in lilteeri minutes Please
get your rings." Pepe says. walking away

it is time to get dressed. The only tiring
awkward about getting dressed is that we realize
we are undressed. i want to stay naked. I am
rlrrrirl i will sullucate my new let-llirgs wrtlr my
:lritlres. i turn to see Helmut struggling into the
orange shorts. They must be Tanra's. ldeclde. i
dress quickly

ileimul: "Now what are your names again?"

Laughter. Applause We didn't know each
otlier's names. We'd inrgutlen each utiier's
names! They seemed so trivial. so coarse.

Tire only thing i did know was that l was going
to ride back on tiiat damn bus tomorrow
raked. ll

90

33)" (DWUF'H‘VUJ)

u...-...

‘m\“i~

 

M . --...,,;.-.. v I: . ,

1.

 

