 

 

 

 
 
   

 
 

 

n. were...” -.ZM.“ ,‘J

. i
i
i
r
i

 

  
        
      
   
 
    
     
    

 

By Marc Schwarz
SPORTS EDITOR

 

Tomorrow’s contest between the Albany
State Great Danes and the Brockport State
Golden Eagles finds both teams looking for
their first win of the season.

With the two offenses combined having
scored only 19 total polnts’in four games. and
the Danes still looking to put the ball in the
end zone for the first time this year. both
teams will have new field generals when they
play on University Field. Sophomore Mike
Mliano will be making his first start at
quarterback for Albany and freshman Bill
Murphy will be setting foot on the field for
the first time when he takes his first snap
from center for Brockport.

Last Friday night. the Danes dropped their
second game of the season to the Hofstra
University Flying Dutchmen, 20-3. it was a
7-3 ballgamc with l:42 left in the game when
Dutchmen fullback Bob McKcnna raced 78
yards for a touchdown. On Albany's first
play from scrimmage following the ensuing
kick-off. John Dunltant fumbled and the
Dutchmen converted the opportunity into
seven points as Emil Wohlgcmuth caught an
eight-yard toss front Rich Codelia to provide
i-lofstra with its final margin of victory.

in two gatnes this season. Albany's
wishbone attack ltas yet to go over 100 yards
rushing in a game, and tnost importantly has
not scored a touchdown.

"This is an extremely pivotal week for us. ‘

We have to establish an offense and get our
confidence back," Albany head coach Bob
Ford said. “We have to get on the winning
track."

in Brockport. the Danes are facing a team
in a similar predicament. Rookie head coach
Keith Moody is hoping to sltake up his tcam
by starting Murphy at quarterback. The
Eagles' fornter starting quarterback. Gordon
Bukaty. threw six interceptions in an opening
day loss to Mansﬁeld State, 3l-7. Offensive-
ly. the Eagles will be led by running back Ron
Howard, who leads the learn in rushing and
scored their lone touchdown against

 

By Mark Levine
ASSOCIATE SPORTS EDITOR

 

Bouncing back from a disappointing open-
ing game loss to Oswego, the Albany State
men's soccer team has put together back-to
back shutout wins and may have begun to
turn the corner on what hopes to be a very
successful soccer campaign.

Last Saturday. the Danes overpowered
host Manhattanville by a score of 6-0 and
Wednesday. in the midst of a torrential
downpour. Albany opened their conference
schedule by blanking Plattsburgh on the road
i-O. “i think we're on the right track now,”
commented Albany head coach Bill Schief-
felin following the two wins. “As far as l'm
concerned. that ﬁrst game was a fluke.”

in the Manhattanville game. Albany was
playing into a tremendous headwind in the
ﬁrst half but still managed to take a l-O lead
into the locker room. Midﬁelder Matt
McSherry scored the Albany goal off a cross
from Jeff Hackett.

With the wind at their backs in the second
half. the Danes took complete control and
turned the game into a rout. Midfielder John
Kershko scored to make it 20, and a direct
free kick by Hackett made it 3-0. Freshman
forward Tihan Presbie then scored two goals
itt a span of three minutes, his second and
third goals of the year. making it 5-0. Melvin
Espinal added an insurance goal to make the
ﬁnal 60, as sophomore goalkeeper Tom
Merritt recorded his first shutout of 1983.

if the Danes are to make a rttn at the
SUNYAC Championship, then every con-
fercnce game is a must-win game. according
to Schieffelin. Wednesday afternoon;

 
   
   

Mansﬁeld on an 80<yard Jaunt.

According to Ford. the reason for Milano
replacing Tom Roth at quarterback was not
Roth's ineffectiveness. but the need for
change. “i do not think you can point the
finger at Tom Roth. He threw fairly well and
ran fairly well, but sometimes you need a
change. The bottom line for this coach is we
are 0-2." he added. '

     

An offensive line that is already suffering
from a lack of experience did not have its
senior member against Hofstra when Torn
Jacobs *did not play. The junior is the only
returning starter on the line from last year's
team and its only member with varsity ex-
perience prior to this season. He is expected
to play tomorrow. However, Seth Denberg,
who started both games this season at center.

 

ED MARUSSICH UPS

Sophomore Mike Mliano will start his that game as varsity quarterback as the
Great Danes take on Brockport in their home opener.

Boaters blank Plattsburgh for second straight

Albany obviously had this notion in mind as
they won a very big game. over a talented
'Plattsburgh team.

The game was scoreless after the first half.
but the Danes had to withstand all sorts of
pressure from the Cardinals in the opening is
minutes.
against us," Schicffciin said. “After 'those
ﬁrst iS minutes we settled down and started
playing better."

Towards the end of the first half. mid-
ﬁelder Leslie Severe suffered a badly bruised
thigh. and with the cold and rain hampering
his mobility, Scltieffelin moved him to a less
demanding center-forward position for the
second half. The move paid off. as Severe
took a pass from Daniel Colon in the 65th
minute and nailed a 25-yard blast with his left
foot for his ﬁrst goal of the year and the
game-winner. Albany had to withstand
some tremendous pressure from Plattsburgh
in the final minutes, as the Cardinals had a
number of very good scoring opportunities,
including a header from right in front that
went over the crossbar with the Albany goal
virtually vacant.

“They had a couple of very good shooting
cltances in the last few minutes." Schieffelin
said. “Tom made a couple of good saves
when he had to and our defense played a very
good game."

A key game on the Albany schedule comes
up tomorrow. when the Danes will visit
highly-ranked Cortland at 7:00. “Every game
in the conference is a big game for us,"
Schieffeiin stated. Cortland is really a key
game. if we can get past them. we'll be in
good shape." El

“They came out like maniacs A

SERLTEMBER 23. I983

 

Danes to take on Brockport in home opener

is out with a knee injury.

The defense. 'which limited Hofstra to 2l0
yards for the ﬁrst 57 minutes, will be looking
for another strong effort against an offen-
sively weak Brokport squad. Last year. the
Danes shut out the Eagles 30-0 in Brockport
and lead the series, nine wins to one. ECAC
Division ill All-Star Jim Canfieid will return
to the starting lineup for Albany. He was
unable to practice fulltime this summer and
got off to a slow start this season.

Brockport will throw a pro-type offense
against the Danes and a 3-4 defense to try to
stop the Albany attack. Moody is a former
member of the Buffalo Bills and played for
the Washington Federals of the U.S.F.L. this
past year. The Danes will have to be prepared
to stop the passing game, according to
Albany secondary coach Jim Bush. who
scouted the Eagles. “They have good speed
and will try and get the ball to their big play
man. split end Steve Grote," he said.

After giving up 3i points to Mansfield
State in the first game of the season, the
Eagle defense limited Buffalo State to only l3
points itt a [3-9 defeat last Week. "They are
playing a lot of guys on defense. Tltcy have
been splitting time between l6 guys and three
at strong safety." Guslt said.

For the Danes to ltave success against the
Eagles and for the rest of the season, they
must improve on first down situations. "We
have been forced into too many second down
and long situations. This cuttscs us to throw
on second and third down and we are unable
to establish our running attack, which is the
key to the offense." Ford said.

The gatne will be broadcast live on WCl)ll.
9IFM beginning at 1:30 pm. [i

PAW PRINTS: 'l‘om Roth, who set Albany
game records for passes attempted, 23 and
passes completed, 12 against ilofstra, has left
the squad for personal reasons. . .John Don-
nelly caught a 52-yard pass to set up a Dave
Lincoln field goal. . .Albany defense held
Hofstra to one third down conversion in 20
attempts. . .Tomorrow‘s home game Is the
first of only three this year for the Danes. Cl

 

 

ED MABUSSICH UPB

Midfielder Jeff Hackett had a goal and an assist in helping the men’s soccer»
team shut out Manhattanvilia and Piattaburgh. ' ‘

,_ . ._........eu:.stmc.-='

 

 

 
 
 
 

 

 

A, BLISI-IED AT THE STA TE UNIVERSITY OF NEW YORK AT ALBANY BY THE ALBANY STUDENT PRESS CORPORATION

Tuesday

September 27, 1983

 

NUMBER 28'

 

 

by Jim O'Sullivan '

V Student Association initiated a lawsuit
[against the City of Albany Monday. in an at-
tempt to overturn a city ordinance and to

 

V have polling places established on campus.

-'.lt:cording to Mark Mishler. SA attorney.
 The issue centers on a coniplicatcd
iredistrictlng plan in which a new voting
district has been fortned and an old district
has been divided in order to accommodate
' population changes.

SA "objects to the plan because it is scctt
’as an attempt to continue a long-running pro-
.gram by Albany City Mayor Thomas Whalen
of discrimination against SUNYA students."
according to SA President Rich Schaffer.

When reached by telephone Monday night.
Mayor Whalen said he had "no cotmncnt at
this time" on the issue.

The suit. which is scltcdttalcd to be heard
at State Supretne Court on Sept. 29. is based
primarily on the conteutlott that the Albany
City Council did not have the authority or
jurisdiction to alter election districts after
Jan. 6, l983 on the basis of State Election

Law. After Jan. 6. according to the law. the
authority to create new election districts is
given only to the Albany County Board of
Elections. ttot the Common Council.

“it is clear that the city acted without
jurisdiction and authority in dividing the
district in August." Mishler said.

The suit also attempts to show that the
districts are as "compact" as required by
law. and further that the districts are the
result of gerrymandering in order to
discriminate against SUNYA students.

The district changes involve splitting the
old 3rd district of Ward l5, which had in-
cluded half of Dutch Quad and all of Col-
onial, into only that half of Dutch and sur-
rounding areas of the community. The new
6th district is comprised of all of Colonial
Quad and approximately 14 families on Rapp
Road. the only other residents in the district.
The polling places for both districts are off-
campus. located at St. Margaret Mary's
School on Western Avenue for the 3rd
districtI and at the Thruway House on
Washington Avenue for the 6th district.

The suit documents a history of the city's
attempts to discourage SUNYA students

from voting.

The suit also makes references towards two
previous SA suits which bear on the this case.
The first is a l980 suit which resulted in a

 

 

oting district change prompts new SA suit

 

 

City polling place; Inset: SA attorney Mark Mlshlor
City redistrictlng plan seen as an ongoing attempt to continue discrimination against SUN YA students.

preliminary injunction which Misltier
believes is still in effect. The injunction bars
the County Election Board from using any
registration policy or practice which
discriminates in any way against SUNYA
students. Before the injunction. SUNYA
students could not register because their
school address was not their legal residence.
in the second suit, in l982. SA won a right
for the polling places that were safe and
suitable for large crowds. The former polling
place had been one and a half miles from
campus constituents and was overcrowded.

The suit mentioned that the polling place
for the 14 homes on Rapp Road was formerly
right across the street from the houses. The
new polling place, located at the Thruway
House, is two and a half miles away.

A large part of the suit is based on the
comments of Whalen, who is on the record as
saying that he does not believe that SUNYA

students should be allowed to votein Albany
elections. An afﬁdavit to the suit. Wayne
Peercboom. a contributing editor to the ASP
quotes the mayor as calling students "tem-
porary residents... They're just passing
though." Whalen also said he disagreed with
a federal ruling giving students the right to
vote, but said he would abide by the ruling.
Schaffer agreed with the affidavit. saying
"the mayor is in serious violation of many
election laws. 1 don't believe the mayor has
the right to walk into a ward and divvy it up
to prevent certain people from voting." he
added.
Schaffcr also noted that thc'iocal press has
not been supportive. A Sept. 26 Times Union
article gave an account of a Repttblican Party
primary in which not one student voted at the
State Quad voting booth. The printary date
was Sept. ill. the ﬁrst day of classes, and that
{there was no advance publicity. nor were any

LOIB MATTAIONI UPB

residents legally allowed to vote as they had
all changed their addresses when they moved
in to begin the new semester. were Schaffer's
contentions.

Schaffcr ended his comments by con-
cluding that he was“working against the
mayor‘s policies” and that this is not a per-
sonnel battle.

The eight petitioners. Schaffer. four Dutch
Quad residents and three Colonial residents
ended the suit by asking that Colonial and
Bcvcrwyck, Schyler and Van Cortland Halls
in Dutch Quad be placed together in one
district. The remaining Dutch Halls and In-
dian Quad are part of the Guiidcrland
township. and have their polling place in the
SUNYA gym. State Quad is its own district
with its polling place iii the Flagroom. Final-
ly. the dcfcndants ask that all elections in the
City of Albany be barred ttntil the districts
are tc-drttwn. l ‘

 

 

By Eric Hindin

More than l.500 SUNYA students who have not filled
out a mandatory selective service registration compliance
form in accordance with the Solomon Amendment are in
jcapordy of losing federal financial aid, according to
SUNYA Financial Aid Director Donald Whitlock.

Checks for aid such as Pell Grants. Guaranteed Student
Loans. National Direct Student Loans and otlters. due to
be mailed September 26 by the Office of Student Ae-
counts, will not be sent to students who have not com-
plied with the amendment. The new law, natned after its
SPOI‘SOT- Congressman Gerald Solomon. R-Glens Fails.
was passed by Congress last summer. it has since been
signed by the president and requires all students receiving
federal aid to complete a form stating that they have
registered for the draft or are exempt.

According to Whitlock, out of 5.300 forms sent out by
SUNYA's Financial Aid office, only 1,600 were sent to
students eligible for selective service registration. Federal
regulations require all students regardless of sex or age to
complete a form in compliance with the amendment.
Wltitlock said the 3.700 forms handled needlessly have
left the Office of Financial Aid with a larger backlog now
than they’ve had for the past two years. Guaranteed Stu-

> dent Loans and Pell Grants. the two most popular forms
of federal aid. are affected the most.

 

 

Solomon Amendment delays aid processing

Whitlock. irate, described the issue as harassment by
the Reagan administration, in an attempt to cut back on
Federal financial aid to lower and middle income
students, although he was denied many of his proposed
cuts by Congress.

Said Whitlock, “The procedurcsecms so illogical that
some members of thei financial aid profession are com-
mencing to feel that some form of administrative harass-

“Solomon doesn’t care
about equal
opportunity, racist
laws, or
unconstitutionality. ”
—.lim Tierney
SASU President

 

mcnt is being brought to bear upon them.”

When informed that work-study students who have not
complied with the amendment would ttot only be taken
off the payroll but be required to repay any tnoncy earned
while on the program since July 1 of this year, Student
Association President Rich Schaffer called the situation

“absurd.” He added, "if existing efforts for the repeal of
.he amendment were not successful, the SA would take
action."

Schaffer stated that this past summer he sent a letter to
University President Vincent O'Lcary on behalf of SA ex-
pressing his concern with the bill and asking O'L'cary to
press for its rcpcalSA has continued along these lines.
Schaffcr said. trying to make botlt students and faculty
realize the implications of the amendment. Beyond titut.
Scltaffer sees massive lobbying by students directed
primarily at local Congressman Samuel Strntton,
D-Schencctudy, and Solomon. A delay in tltc date the
amendment was to take effect and modifications itt the
amendment itself would be goals.

“Eventually.” Schuffcr sniti, “SA would join other
student-run orgnni'lnlions. most notably SASU. in
challenging the umeudtttcnt in court."

Both Schni'fcr and Whitlock ccltocd cnch otltet"s unti-
Reagan sentiments concerning the tttttcndrncnt. “This one
piece of legislation," said Schaffer. “will cttt back on
social and economic aid while strengthening tltc tniiilury
ill the process." '

The nmcnthncnt's discrinn.‘tatory nature was also cited
by both men. Wltitiock noted "it affects those students
belonging to the lower and middle class economic status.

ab

 

 

 

