 
 

 

   
  
   
 

 

 

 

 

 

  ALE‘ANY STUDENT PRESS u DECEMBER-9,1933

Grapplers to face Stiff hallenges this weekend

. .

but were routed by Binghamton
46-5. This might not be so
mysterious if it weren't for the fact

By Marc Berman
ASSOCM TE sPOR1S EDITOR

I-i wBarry' Manilow's f-‘We'ekendin' ~ that Cot- landalmost edged the Col-

 lNew England" West! very pleasant :onlalsu " »

: .England expedition which will see

. of two days. Three of those are-

 

“we didn’t match up Well against
Binghamton but I still think it
shows how'unprcdiCtable young

and enjoyable one. The Albany
State wrestling team could only
hope that their weekend in New
England will be as such.
For now they are a respectable
~ 24. When this very busy weekend is
over, however, the team‘s record
might be a lot worse. '
The Danes are going on a New

wrestle this weekend like we did
against Cortland we'll be alright. if
we‘ wrestle like we did versus
Binghamton, well. . ." _ _

Albany State's toughest match
out of the four will be today against
Massachusetts, who ‘have placed
first or second in the University
Division of New England for the
past eight year's.

Last season the Danes defeated
Massachusetts but those were the
days when Andy Seras wasn‘t in the
process of trying out for the Olym-
pics. and that was when Vic Her-
man was still enrolled at Albany
State. “Before we played
Massachusetts last year I said we'd
kick their butt and we did. This year
I can’t say that."

What DeMeo could say, though.
is they will not be forfeiting any
weight classes this weekend as they
did last Saturday. Glen O'Connor is
off his sickbed and will be wrestling
at the ISO-pound weight class.

The heavyweight situation has
improved also. lvan Katz is fully
recovered from his bout with
pneumonia and Papo Rivera con-

them wrestle four meets in the span

against Division I opponents.

Today,» Albany State will meet
Division 1 Massachusetts at
Amherst. who will provide them
with their toughest challenge.
Tomorrow, the Danes will conclude
their trip when they travel to Boston
to go up against Hartford, Division
l Brown and Division 1 Boston Col-
lege in a four-way meet.

The Danes are in a rebuilding
program and Coach Demco realizes
that anything can happen with
young wrestlers. "I still don't know
how good we are," said Demeo.
“When you’re young, sometimes
you wrestle great and sometimes
you wrestle poor. They're very in-
consistent."

Albany State’s inconsistency
showed through in last weekend‘s
triangular meet against Cortland
and Binghamton. Against the Red tinues to get into better wrestling
Dragons. the Danes were victorious shape. He joined the team three

r h h h h — — h h h
, "the nut ttttls ItuIttteIuti In lllilll!"

Your choice of equipment.

- Olympic weights - Nautilus - Paramount
- Whirlpool and Sauna I
- Great workout atmosphere I

Owner operated/l2 yrs. experience in health field

than mr llIIIlIIl'IIII nun you com um tron nestle" i
sto- ﬂaunt Iain I
1

iv.“ 3“ "I'l. "111‘ MIMNPSIII tmt' III ‘umll'r-*
THE _ THE
BODY WORKS BODY WORKSi

. .

Located at the corner of New Scotland Ave. 8 S. Allen t
Across from St. Peter's Hospital
489-4475 Open 7 days

 

 

rATTENTION GRADUATES W

Orange Motors has a
College Graduate Finance Plan

 

For details and Appointment:

 

Orange Motors
799 Central Ave.
Albany. NY 12206

Ask for Joe Bruno or Vince Cristaldi
489—5414

 

 

teams are," DcMeo said. If We,

 

 

 

J

 

 

 

 

 

L A SIMMONS UPE

The Albany wrestling team will meet up with some very rugged competition as they will visit
Massachusetts today and lace Brown, Boston College, and Hartford tomorrow afternoon.

days before last Saturday's
triangular meet, coming over from
the football team. DcMeo is still
uncertain who he will insert at that
position.

Junior All-American Dave

Averill. freshman Sean Sheldon.
and sophomore John Balog are all
expected to continue their winning
ways. Averill is expecting to sweep
his personal matches to add to his
unbeaten record in this year's dual

meets.

Concluded DeMeo, “We're go-
ing up against three tough Division
I schools. I’d like to come away
with winning two out of our four
matches." 1]

 

 

 

 

 

   
 

/..{/

1 Take a Greater Ft. Lauderdale Break.

HOLLYWOOD ' POMPANO BEACH - LAUDERDALE-BY-THE-SEA ' DEEFiFlELD BEACH

§
\

\\\\\\\\\ \
\\\\\\\\\\\\‘\\_\\'

' '11.".1’ 111111111711"
 "1. I 

1
” M! 1/1.
/

/

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

- DECEMBER 9.1933 [:1 ALBANY sroDENTPRESSj

 

JV Danes stay unbeaten with Win OVer‘ 

B Dean Chan
ED MRIAL ASSISTA

______._._.._.______——

When a team’s worst is still good enough
to win, It says something about the quality of
the team and its opposition. Such was the
case Wednesday night when the Albany State

‘men’s junior varsity basketball team defeated

Onconta. 69-63.

The Danes didn't make a strong impres-
sion in their first home game of the season.
They shot a pitiful 43 percent from the field
and a mediocre 64 percent from the line. The
defense was anemic at times, and their re.
bounding inconsistent. Still, a win is a win.

“We won‘, but that’s about all that can be
said for this game," said Head Coach Jim
Boland. “We were missing lay-ups. re-
bounds..." we executed our game plan. we
should have, been up by 20 in the first half
alone.”

There were bright spots in the team's per-
formance; for starters, the victory gave the
Danes their seventh win against no losses.

Individually, reserve Scott Jankes came in
and provided a steadying influence for the cr-
ratic Danes’ offense. “Scott played a good
game." said Boland. “He slowed down the
tempo of the game and worked the ball
around effectively."

And then there was Curtis Oliver. In his
best performance of the season, Oliver
scored 21 points and hauled down 11 re-
bounds. More importantly. Oliver cantc
through in the crucial final five minutes of
the game.

With the score 51-49 in favor of Albany,
Oliver took matters in his own hands. He
scored eight of the team‘s next 13 points and
assisted on another basket. On one play.
Oliver stole the ball and drove downcourt on
a two-on-three situation. He pump-faked his
way to a two-shot foul. which he converted.
After an Onconta basket cut the Danes' lead
to live with two- minutes left, the Red
Dragons put the full court press on. With two
men trapping him, Oliver threw a perfect
pass downcourt to Scott Neumann. who
made the easy lay-up.

The Danes set the tone of the game early in

 

 

ED MARUSSICM UPS

Duane Coriey (14) battles for a rebound In the iv Danes' win Wednesday night. Corloy

scored 11 points In the game.

the first half. A misscd layup. a fttmblcd
follow-up. perhaps a stcal or two and in-
evitably a turnover dontittalcd most of the
first half play. Sotnc beautiful passcs by
Dutntc Corlcy went for naught; Corlcy still
managed to get four first half assists.

The Duties opened up Iltc second half in
spectacular fashion, as Chris Jones pleased
the crowd with a thunderous slant dunk. “I
wanted that pretty badly.“ said Jones. “As
soon as I saw the ball conting to me. I knew
just what I wanted to do with it.“

After stretching their lead to nine points.
the Danes went ittto one of their frequent
lulls. During the next five minutes. Onconta
was able to crawl back into the game.

outscoring the Danes, 9-0. After an Albany
timeout, it was time for Oliver to take over.
Leg cramps plagued several of the players;
Jones had to be replaced at the free throw
littc at one point. With Jones ottt, the Danes
ceased to look inside. “When Chris came
out. we started settling for the first available
shot." said Boland. “Everyone has to learn
to be more patient. If we work the ball
arouttd. we‘rc bound to get a better shot."
Coach Boland freely substituted
throughout the game; along with Jankes and
Ncuman. Charles “Freeze” Storey saw more
playing time titan usual. Unfortunately. his
minutes were cut sltort by a collision early in
the second half. Jones stole the ball and

threw it to Storey at mldmun. As Storey
turned up court, he was met head-on by an
Onconta player. 'I'o the shock of many,
Storey got called for charging.

“I'm allowed one step. but the ref didn't
even give that to me." claimed Storey. “The
Onconta guy was turning into me; he wasn't
set," Storey came out of the game with a
large cut'over his right eye that may require
stitches.

The Danes also had trouble on defense.
“Our nian-to-man was the worst we've
shown this year," said Boland. “The press
did a pretty good job. but the man-to-msn let
us down." The Danes' 3-2 zone, while effec-
tive against Williams College, didn't stop
Onconta from keeping it close in the second
half. The Red Dragons had two strong out-
side shooters. and they rendered the 3-2 zone
useless. “We tried to lean on those two, but ,
Onconta ran a very patient offense," con-
tinued Boland. "If you wait long enough, the
players will get open."

The Danes' lapses affect all parts of their
game. especially their rebounding. Onconta
had several chances each time they came
downcourt in the second half. “It's just a
matter of boxing out," said Boland. “We
have to concentrate on getting position in-
side." Without Jones and Oliver, who was in
foul trouble in the first half. the Danes ap-
pcarcd weak underneath.

Cortland will be visiting the Danes on
Saturday. It is expected to be the Danes’
eighth win of the season, but after this game.
nothing is assured. "We can't afford to take
anybody lightly." said Boland. “This game
clearly demonstrated that."

RIM SHOTS: The Danes were 24-56 from
the field. and 21-33 from the line... After a
quick start. Andy O'Connell shot 5-14 and
scored 14 points... Jones scored 13 with six
rebounds, while Corley scored 11 with six
assists... Along with Oliver. those four ac-
counted for all 34 first-half points... Jones
went 5-6 from the line... With 12 seconds
left. Jones was going up for his second dunk
of the game but was grabbed from behind. 1:]

Women swimmers beat RPI; push record to 6-0

 

By Michael Skolnick
STAFF WRITER

 

The women's swimming team continued its
undefeated season with a victory Wednesday
night here against RPI. This win boosted the
team's record to 640 for the year and the

SPORTS BRIEFS

Linemen honored

Offensive lineman Tom Jacobs and
defensive lineman Jim Canfieid of the
Great Danes have been nominated to the
ECAC Division III Upstate New York foot-
ball team as chosen by the region‘s coaches.

Jacobs, ajunior offensive tackle. was the
anchor of the Danes’ youngbut improving
offensive line. Canfieid. a senior defensive
tackle. was injured for a good part of the
season but still managed to play a leading
role in the Danes’ very solid defensive unit.

Quarterback Marty Barrett of Buffalo
University was named Player of the year.
Barrett threw for over 200 yards against
Albany in the Bulls' 15-13 win.

Softball meeting

Women interested in playing on the 1984
softball team should attend the interest
meeting scheduled for January 26 at 7:00
Pitt in room 125 in the Physical Education
budding. Anyone who can not make the
meeting should contact Coach thcnish til
457-4535 or in room 329 in the PE buildinit.

Bowling results

In Capital District Collegiate Bowling
Conference action last night. the Albany
men's A team shut out the C team 4-0. In
this game Glenn Goldman bowled a game
of 289, which was only one pin sity of the

 

squad is confident going into this weekend's
rttcct against Plattshurgh.

Tltc final score was 70-35, with Albany in
fttll control of the meet from the outset. The
best performance of the meet. according to
Coach Joe Shore. was the diving of Jatte
Klotz. She totaled 359.65 points for It dives.

 

campus lnncs record of 290. Goldman
threw IO consecutive strikes before a one
pin spare broke tip his perfect game. Sal
Pcrcdnia bowlcd a 202.

The men's B team tied Albany Business
College 2-2. Sophomore sensation Rick
Harter rolled a 246 game on his way to a
563 series.

The womett's A team beat tltc B squad
3-1 as Laurie Faber had a 208 game and a
540 series.

Upcoming events

For the second game in a row it will be
the Danes against the Red Dragons. After
beating the Onconta Red Dragons at
University Gym Wednesday night. Albany
will host the Cortland Red Dragons Satur-
day night at 8:00 pm...After blasting New
Pally. Tuesday night the women’s basketball
team hits the road to face Clnrkson tonight
and Potsdam tomorrow night in a cott-
fcrcnce gnmc...’l‘ltc unbcatctt jv basketball
team looks to extend their winning streak to
cigltt straight games when they host Cor-
tland Saturday night at 6:00 pnt...Thc
wrestling lcattt visits Massachusetts Univer-
sity tonigltl beforc competing itt a four—way
tttcct against Hartford. llrown and Boston
College tomorrow...Thc undefeated
women's swim team will travel along with
the men’s team lotnorrow for a titch nl
Plttttsburgh...’l‘hc women‘s gymnastics
team will compete on the road at the Spr-

 

ingfield Invitational lotttorrow afternoon.

 

This total score was 7 points off from quali-
fying for the Division 111 national champion-
ships. Shorc said, “I was very pleased to see
this kind of performance and with time I'm
sure she will qualify for the NCAAS."

Carole Elie has become one of the oustan-
ding short—distance swimmers on the team.
Against RPI she won both the ZOO-yard
freestyle and the loo-yard butterfly in times
of 2:10.28 and 1:08.03. These times were
both personal bests for her this season.

Mary Ann Scltmitt is showing that she is
improving dranmtically, finishing second in
both the ZOO-yard individual medley and thc
IOU-yard butterﬂy in times of 2:30.78 and
1:08.03. which were botlt the best times she
has recorded this season.

In the lOO-yard backstroke, Kris Monahan
and Wendy Cedar turned in seasonal best
times of 1:10.27 and 1:12.11, respectively.
Also swimming well were Randy Morrow,
Mary Daly. Sheila Fitzpatrick. and Caroline
Sharlock.

Last weekend, both the men's and
women‘s teams went to Montreal to compete

   
   

a win over RPI Tuesday night.

I uPs
The women's swlmmthg team raised their unbeaten record to an Impressive so with

in the McGiiI Invitational. Albany finished
fourth out of 11 schools. Here are some
highlights of that meet:

In the 800-yard freestyle relay. the team of
Fitzpatrick. Ellen Gottlieb, Elie and Carol
Pearl broke the old school record of 9:02 by a
whopping 20 seconds in a time of 8:42.25. In
the ZOO-yard individual medley. the old
school record of 2:29.11 was shattered by
Pearl and Elie who came in respectively with
times of 2:28.90 and 2:28.93.

In summary, so far this part of the season
ltas been a complete success for the team. An
undefeated record. outstanding individual
performances, a good mixture of veterans
and newcomers and good conclting has paid
off dividends. At their meet against RPI.
there was rampant enthusiasm and spirit. and
it showed in the team's perforntance.

Coach Shore commented, “It’s been a
great beginning for its and we will continue to
work hard. spending part of the winter break
practicing in Florida. and we are looking for-
ward to the second halfof the season." [:1

 

