 

    
  

er<minr2t.sv_. 

 

 

"E D

I T ofn I‘

 

' The (Tynami

hen the ASP endorsed Rich Schaffer for Student
Association president our one reservation was that
he‘was undynamic. He has proved as wrong. His
battles with City Hall over the location of polling places

and his fights with the university administration over just -

about everything else have made him a media star
However. it seems his extreme confrontational attitude ha:
been counterproductive.

Schaffer’s efforts this past summer were concentrated on
a head to head battle with Albany-Mayor Thomas Whalen
over the placement of a new election district in Ward 15.
Schaf fer argued for another voting booth on campus. say-
ing that the vast majority of the people in the newly drawn
sixth election district are students. He said placing the
booth off campus is an attempt to the dilute the studenl
vote. as well as being a dangerous commute for the student.
The city finally placed the booth at the Thruway House or
Washington Avenue. The city never said exactly why it op
poses another booth on campus. but it is safe to assumt
tiltey look at students as outsiders and don‘t want to cater to
t em.

The Student Association argument is valid and must be

 

cs of E e, presidEnt‘

supported. Essentially, SA argues that students have every
right to vote in their college communities, and that
realisticallyl locating a polling place away from campus is
an effort to discourage student voting. in making his point.
however, Schaf fer has found it necessary to make personal
attacks on the Mayor. “Well, if Mayor Whalen is compar‘
ing a given right (the right to vote) with a pie. he is out 01
his mind," Schaffer said.

Statements that lack professionalism and that resort to
such harsh rhetoric certainly do not gain respect. A polish-
ed politician like Whaien can concentrate his response or
Schaffer's manner rather than his meaning. I‘l've had some
bad feedback from residents about some of the statements
that he's made. and'l would prefer to deal with somebody
else from the student body, whoever that might be."
Whalen stated.

Students are continually struggling to be recognized as
adults and equal members of the Albany community. Yet
inane accusations and sarcasm can easily smother earnest
progress. There is nothing more enjoyable for City Hall
and the Albany media than to put ‘those kids' into their
proper places. indeed a Times Union editorial had some

fun mocking Schaffer: “To hear the president of the State
University at Albany Student Association tell it, you'd
think that Albany would be. an ideal place to shoot a
remake of Gone With the Wind. "

It is time for Schaffer to do a little maturing in the
presidential ofﬁce. He obviously has the knowledge and the
research to make a large effect down at City Hall. He must
learn to stop criticizing people and start responding more
directly to statements. Schaffer is certainly an astute and
hard working individual, yet he has been unsuccessful in
properly displaying his many attributes.

Whalen is correct in saying that Schaffer's “frontal ztt-
taek really doesn’t benefit the university or lhc
community." Yet the Mayor would be wrong in illillking
that Albany State doesn’t have a qualified president.

While Schaffer is undoubtedly advorsariai in his relations
with the city and the school administration. too often illt‘xL‘
groups will take students for granted. Schaffer serve-x .t
valuable role in preventing this by being a convinced, (iL‘IL'I
mined. and eloquent advocate of student rights.

 

. C

 

O L U

M

N .

 

 

Lost credibility a trage

The shooting down of Flight 007 by the Soviet military
was a tragedy. The obvious tragedy was the massacre of 269
innocent men, women. and children of various na-
tionalities. This blatant waste of human blood though most
obvious isn’t the only negative outcome. The general loss of
confidence and credibility in the Soviet government that is
experienced by both policymakers and the American
general public is a true crisis in United States foreign
policy. How can we negotiate and trust a country capable
of reacting in such a harsh way and then promising they
would do it again?

lITtmald Brant Gersten J

i'm sure that most people that follow the press with any
kind of regularity are aware of the media overkill that this
issue has provoked. Therefore, i will not go through the
whole event but there are a few points that should be
remembered when one considers the Soviets patchwork ex-
planation: There is no reason for the United States to use a
big slow moving airplane to do spying that could more easi-
ly be done with satellites. AWAC’s or eavesdropping.
Secondly, there is very little chance that a Soviet pilot could
have confused a spy plane with the object that ﬂew with it's
lights on at 33.!!!) miles (commercial altitude in contrast
to 60,000 for spy planes) shaped like a 741 and at the time
far—eastern soviet military personnel are aware that a com-
mercial jet ﬂies adjacent to their airspace.

 

SEX EDUCATION
IN ‘écHOOL? '
I WON’T HAVE
IT! THERE ARE
OTHER WAYé
FOR MY LITTLE
GIRL TO

Witut this add:: up to is the incontriverlablc fact that the
Soviet military cold bloodin sltot at an aircraft known to be
a commercial passenger jet. We have heard with sorrow
about the lives of these pawns in the Superpower's game of
death. This tragic loss of life further emphasizes the need
for peaceful resolution of world conflict.

Which brings me to a few months back when it appeared
the Soviets were truly serious about peace. After all they are
people. Andropov had made some concessions at the
START Talks, their was talk of a Reagan-Andropov sum-
mit, a grain deal was in the works, and a westernlzed
Hungary made itself obvious. The talk coming out of the
Kremlin was clearly that of peace seekers.

i had become what i considered a detentenik. i thought
to myself that Reagan is going to get us in trouble with his
harsh rhetoric calling the Soviet Union an “evil empire" as
though they were insensitive killers! The United States
negotiations at Geneva seemed less than willing, we had
troops in Lebanon and advisors in El Salvador and Hon-
duras. We semed like we had evolved into a warlike power
with proxies doing our dirty work around the globe.

Well. i was completely wrong. i had become a victim of
the polished Soviet propoganda machine. The Soviets
responsible for the mass murder are a group or mtddie aged
elderly men who have worked their way thru the system by
being yes men. part of the power elite and totally insensitive
to individual rights and lives. These” are the qualities

Y

rewarded with advancement by the giant Sm lt'l
bureaucracy. For example. the reason the Soviet pilot tiltl
not think of the innocent lives he was ending was hut-unst-
he was so busy thinking about the pilot who itt l97ii iliill\\L‘ti
a commercial pilot to travel 2.000 miles into Soviet lL‘l i Iltlt)‘
unimpeded. The reason it must have been in the i'tttettnttt
of his mind is that the pilot was another VlL‘llil nt‘ lilt.’
Totalitarian Soviet Regime, he had been ordered kilictl int
his ineffectiveness.

How can we trust a system like this that isn't llcltl tic-
countable to anyone except the greyhaired ntett ut‘ the
Politoboro. Why should they abide by agreements that are
unverifiable. They can say one thing and do another cutt-
sistantly. one has to look no farther then the Madrid con-
ference which included many references to human rights.
Like the freedom oi] movement of individuals which they
are hardly sensitive to. it can safely be assumed most
everything out of Moscow is preconceived propaganda Pity-
ing lip service to the foreign press.

Oviousiy we can’t communicate and negotiate towards a
better world. But we must not be fooled into thinking lhat
the Soviets are anything less than they are. if one is curious
about what the Soviets "are" all one has to do is take old
Reagan speeches and add a few grains of salt.

The lost conﬁdence in the Soviets desire for peace and
their sensitivity towards the much talked about masses both
Soviet and worldwide including those killed on Flight 007 is
a true tragedy with no solution in sight. [‘1

 

 
     
   
   
   
      

 

 

LOGIC. “

 

 

 

"0F £00255 VM MAKING sense,
‘lllts cuss ts immeron

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

wru':""""(Elibﬁfuaﬂﬁgﬁhetﬂsﬁ‘ém; a, ,, .. .  .

83'

US

 

 

«in... ......-_......._._..~. ".mw- t...._....w..............:. ..

 

  

 

.. .7. am...“ "nah—v... a a .. _. .....—. m--.....~.. ....

CthS 

September 23, 1 983

 

   

 

