 

 

 

   

_V Jack and I learned that too much TV can be
more dangerous than too much brew.

There are many adverse physiological effects
of excessive television viewing — vomllan- ln'
_ ternal bleeding, loss of hair. facial warts and hor-
monal imbalances. Also. it has been shown that
some ‘TV shows permanently erase most mental
processes. Despite all this. however. the emo-
tional and Spiritual highs achieved in front of the
set override the mental and physical abuses suf-
fered while "tubing."

The nirvanah of TV viewing Is reached when
one assumes control oi “the helm" —— luxuriating
in the La—Z-Boy recliner with "the box" nestled In
one's lap. The box is (it) channels of pure
' audio/visual stimuli. Its lilitliillcal cord is 20 feet
long. so that one can go Ir) the refrigerator. talk
on the phone. or sit on the, bowl and change
'channels at the same time.

While wallowing in the helm and becoming
one_with the boob tube. the hiin priest prays that
he doesn't get a phone call, or experience any

other diversions. It's a ring cat dog world in front
of the set. and a vacated i'i’t‘liner is fair game.
if the man in charge needs a beer. or if the

 
 
 
   
 
  
  
 

 
 

  

Minutes before‘ 1:00 pm. kickoff Sunday
afternoon. my body sloughs off of my warm
mattress, and l wrap It in my fluffy white ter-
rycioth robe. My tongue sucks the vile paste off
the roof of my mouth.

Stepping into the hallway. I. join my
housemates in a silent pilgrammage downstairs
to the living room. With Jonas in his tattered Ar-

nold Palmer shave coat. and Steve in his brown '
bathrobe stained .with living bacteria. we prepare t

for Sunday worship. , _

Mike and Chris come down wearing the same
garb that they passed out in the night before.
With no showers planned‘for the day, we all‘
wear hats to keep our frightening locks under-
cover. ‘

The five of us settle in. with reektng breath and
unspeakable body odor. before our enshrined

' l9-Inch Magnavox color TV. Mark. having tap-
ped into the main cable system on his own.
prefers to decay in front of his SONY Trinitron In
the comfort of his own bed.

On Sundays. each of us sports a mentality not
dissimilar to a bowl of Wheatina.

Crisis; the phone rings. Gail says that she and
Dave will be aHhe ASP by two o'clock. She
wants to know when Jonas and I can be there.
Thinking football schedule. “Um. probably
around four."

“OK. well. the sooner the better."

Hopefully. the 1:00 game won't go lnto over-
time. for Gail's sake.

On Sundays. and during all daytime viewing
hours, the curtainsin the living room are closed.
This prevents any annoying glare from trani
sgressing the television screen. and It provides a
more intimate viewing ambiance. This lack of
healthy sunlight. however. also results in pale.
sallow flesh and unsightly skin blemishes.

With the curtains closed. living in perpetual
darkness. one often loses a sense of time. One
day Mike posed a rather puzzling question:
“What season is this?"

Because of the incaiculabie amount of time
spent prostrate before the tube. television wat-
ching becomes incompatible with attending
classes and ,studying. After a careful considera-
tion of future careers. and what would look best
on resumes. we derived “Rule #1" for college
living: College = Cable.

Still. exams are often an inevitable part of the
university experience. When I hear through the
grapevine that one of my classes is expecting an
exam. I plan an excursion uptown.

  

College~level viewing requires complete relax-

ation of all practical mental activity. Let TV think
for you. in our house. we don't need to think
about shopping lists — we find out what we need
through advertising. For example. we’ve
dicovered that life has gotten tougher. and that
pain relievers have gotten stronger. Therefore,
we make sure we have-plenty of Anacin-3 on
hand to maintain our rigorous lifestyles as col-
legiate over-achievers.

Other products that we’ve learned to need in-
clude: wholesome Hostess pies and cakes. Peo-
ple magazine. Budweiser. Miller. Pabst Blue Rib-
bon. Old' Milwaukee and Genesee beers.
Nestie’s Strawberry Qulk. Cheez Whiz. Pamprin.

Also. we’ve joined Cicely Tyson. Kurt Von-
negut. Jr.. and Ken Anderson — the Coffee
Achievers. Now we drink plenty of hot. steaming
Folger’s In the wee hours of morning to capitalize
on viewing time that used to slip through our
fingers because of that silly habit of sleeping.

 

 
 

Wasted hours spent dozing in front of theset
have been practically eliminated.

One recent Saturday night. my next-door

'neighbor. Jack, and i decided to watch TV

.rather than go out and exercise our social skills.
We rapidly developed glassy stares. frozen
retarded expressions. with rivers of bile flowing
down our chins. f

A‘round 3 a.m.. halfway through Conquest of
the Planet of the Apes, Jack threw up all over
himself. He got up. apologized for the mess. and
went home. .

Since i had more TV stamina. l lasted until
about 5:00 a.m.. when i broke into a life-
threatening nose bleed. Unfortunately. i didn't
realize that i had a bleeder until five minutes after
it had started. I tried to clean myself up as best as
i could In my half human. half cabbage state.
Then i went upstairsland blacked out.

   
 

 

table?"

Prepare a meal? Go out in: food? No chance!
Why leave the warmth riiltl mmlort of a glowing
electron tube with Albany Campus Pizza’s free
_ home delivery? We‘re even thinking about get-
ting one of those TV remote controls through
which we can receive and make phone calls.
We’ll be able to order loud. call the folks and
carry on our personal lives without ever taking
one step away from the temple.

Cable has strengthened personal relationships
for each of us. brought us closer to our loved
'ones. Although we live far from the busline,
cable has attracted friends to our house who we
would otherwise lose touch with.

One friend who i hadn't seen since Mayfest
came by one evening a couple of weeks ago.
“Hey. Steve! What‘s up. dude? What's on
HBO?"

HBO and Cinemax have been instrumental in
maintaining. even creating friendships. The
single most influential cable feature In our social
lives has been the romantic classic. An Ofﬁcer
and a Gentleman.

 

phone rings. he may try to persuade a viewer in
one of the tattered trillit‘littiis in the back row to
get it: "Can you get me n him while you're up?"
or “Wanna grab me the lietipan off the kitchen

Officer nights are especially enjoyable because
they tend to attract women friends. bearing bot-
tles of wine and light hors d'oevres. The two-
week-oid. half-empty pitchers of beer- are
cleared away taking the hovering fruit flies with
them. The sour milk is washed out of the glasses.
and the green. rotting pork chop bones are
thrown away. it has been said that our living

. room farts, but on Officer nights it is given a
refreshing enema.

video game systems.

>without sacrificing audio/visual stimulation.

 

Respectfully. everyone is generally silent
throughout the movie. Any sarcastic remarks
during the sex scenes are answered with a
Triscuit to the back of the head. Steve and his
girlfriend Dee are guaranteed to be wiping their
eyes at the end of the film. '

The sports channels are also sure to increase
our popularity. especially toward the end of the
hockey season. The Stanley Cup playoffs are
not broadcast on network TV. so people living
on-campus can't watch the games in the dorms.

“Hey. All How come you haven’t come down
to check out our place yet?"

"i dunno, man. i want to . , . l'll definitely be
down once the islanders make the playoffs!"

Why squeeze yourself into the crowd at the
Rat to watch the game when you can BYOB and
watch cable In comfort with your'buddy who
livesoff-campus?

in addition to satisfying our emotional needs
for social contact. TV also provides all of the
recreation we require.

On a sunny. brisk Saturday afternoon in early
spring. there's nothing like throwing on a pair of
Ponies. some shorts. an old sweatshirt and setti-
ing down to watch the Knicks game on TV.

Why go out on the court with a nasty
hangover and risk serious. painful injury? You
can die quietly in front of the set as you consume
greasy home fries and fatty. dripping burgers.
your arteries closing up quickly. painlessly.

The men In our house smell foul enough
without going outside to play hard and sweat like
pigs. intense physical exertion wouldlreduce the

lofty levels of spiritual development we have
achieved through immense doses of television. it
would be like outfitting Gandhi In cleats. pads
and helmet, and sending him in to play for
Lawrence Taylor.

However. the future may bring activity to our
viewing hours. Our recreation needs may soon
be filled by Atari. Coleco or lntelllvislon.

Other additions to our television which we can
only mumble about in our sleep include a SONY
Betamax. for preserving the most significant TV
events. and of course the ultimate viewer
dream. (often causing nocturnal emissions) the
six-foot screen. as seen in the Rat. the Lamp
Post. and other distinguished taverns.

The other day Mike was reading up on some
other accessories advertised in one of our TV
periodicals that we could use for the Magnavox.
included amdng the offerings were decorative
racks for alphabetical or chronological shelving
of TV publications for future reference. Handy
bulletin boards. useful in posting Important TV
dates and seating schedules were also advertis-
ed. .

Day-to—day maintenance items included Tee
Vee Screen Spra-Cleener. and dial oil to insure
smooth channel changing and to avoid
overheating.

Accessories for the frivolous “toober” range
from large fuzzy dice to hang from the antennae,~
to leather-bound issues of TV Guide with gilded~
edged pages.

Components available to the serious
vtdeophtle Included extra monitors for watching
two or more shows at once to maximize viewing
pleasure. .

Previously. we have refused to physically 'par-
ticipate in sports. in favor of passive spectating.
But. with the proper funding. we could purchase

We could actually work joysticks with our
wrists. pull triggers with our fingers..purse our
llp. use some body english, and possibly do a lit-
tle Involuntary trembling from the excitement.
Thus. we couple a healthy. physical workout

 

Another piece of equipment designed with the
high-budget viewer In mind was the back-up
electrical generatdr. which automatically pro-
vides juice in case of a power outtage.

This particular item would be a blessing in our
household. where the circuit board has practical-
ly burst into flames from electrical overloads;
ironically. there Is no mad scramble to the base-
ment to flip the circuit breakers back on —

 

  
 
  
   
     
      
    
      
      
       
        
      
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
    
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 

Ofﬁcer nidtts are especially enioyable

because they tend to attract women friends,

bearingbottles of wine and light hors d’oevres .

everyone wants to be present the moment that
our source of life has been re-Ignited.

TV publications themselves are a must for effi-
cient viewing as well as for up-to-date. well-
informed discussions about TV. When the
November Cable Guide was last coming in the
mail this month. the tension In our house was so
intense It hurt. After biting my head off for no ap-
parent reason one day. Steve said “Sorry man

. it's just that the Cable Guide hasn't come
yet." it was all we could do to sit and watch and
hope that something good would come on.

i came home from classes oneday to find my
housemates kneeling on the floor. heads bowed.
holding hands In a circle around the living room
table. it was. of course. the new Cable Guide.

Although we may be bald within the next cou-
ple of years. and though we will probably father
abnormal children. the feeling of TV radiation is
just too good to pass off.

The spiritual fulfillment which Is achieved
through the control of 30 channels of visual
ecstasy was perhaps best expressed by our next-
door neighbor Chris. as he lay on his couch wat-
ching TV, his box resting comfortably on his
chest. He 'said. "I have Cable. lam warm. Cl.

—Written In cooperation with my housemates, '
TV Guide. Grenada Til-Rental, and Capital
Cableuiston. ~

 
 
 

 
  
   
  
 
 
        
        
    
     
      
    
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
   
  
  
 
  
 
   
   
    
   
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
    
   
   
     
        
  
   
    
  

