 

Wrasse ' magma...

 

  

 

By Keith Murder
ASSIK‘M Hi .s'mkrs EDITH"

 

The Albany'State football team bombard-
ed the hapless Marist Red Foxes on their way
to it 48-7 victory at Mttrist College in
Puttgltkeepsie last Saturday. to finish up
tlteir season with a disappointirtg 3-7 record.

Usually when a team wins so decisively
rltcy otrtplay their opponettts irt every aspect
of tire garrte. This is prer. ly what happened
on Saturday. except there was one ttrtit tltat
played ltead rrnd shoulders above the rest.

flint trttit was tltc offensive line. they are
comprised of freshmen. soplrorrtores. and
iurtiors.

Senior running back .lttlttl Dttuhrtnr
poitttcd otrt tltc improverttertt of the offensive
line. "The wltolc litre has heett eorttirtg along
game after game. 'l‘oda) tltey ptrt it together
attd it wrts really ertsy running behind
them." lte said.

Head Coach lloh l-'ord also cited tlte
dotttirtrttion of tire offensive litre to tire reason
for victory. “They did a strpcr ioh. that was
a yotrrtg offensive litre; tltcre isn't a senior ill
the bunch. 't'lte ttitt'etencc irt tltc game was
that we ltatl little to tltrow tlte ball artd tltey
didn't. If yott gite trtost good quarterbacks
tlte tirrte to tltrow they are goirtg to pick yott
apart."

1 lie first two Dane scores were sparked by
turnovers.

llub .lojo picked ofl a .littt ('lcury pass
which set up a one-yard rtrtt by Victor (ion-
Ialel. ‘lltis tottcltdowtt set tlte tone for' tlte
gatn- tts tltc offensive lirte opcrted up it large
ltt)lL‘ for him.

l:l(r lrrter. a Tom l~'ugarty frrrttble recovery
ptrt tlte Datres brrck on tlte offensive. This
titne Albany went to tlte air as Ilob liriert‘s
six-yard grab gave tlterrt a l3-0 lead at tltc end
of one quarter.

in the secortd quarter the Dartcs picketl up
rigltt where they left off.

Starting at their own 15 Dane quarterback
Mike Milano hit llrien l'or a l4-yard gairt.
Then the Danes wcrtt to the air again; tltis

  

 

 

N0 VEMBER 15, I983

 

 

ED MARUSSICH UPS

Detenslve tackle Rlck Punzone pressures Marlst quarterback Jlm Clearly In the Danes 48-7 demolition of the Red Foxes.
The victory capped Albany's troubled 3-7 season.

little it was Milano to McUrath for a JH-yard
courtectiort. To cap off the drive Dtrnltnm ran
beltind a bentrtiful display ot' blocking artd
went irt for the score.

Milatto curttrttcrtted. "()ttr receivers were
too qtrick for their secondary. l ltrrd the tittte
to tltrow and laid it rigltt irt there."

Dunltam also felt the offensive lirtc rrtadc
the score possible. "I‘ve got to give them

credit. said Dtrrtltarn. tvlto tltert added.
“llaltbaek Dnrtn Melvirt tttrrde a great block
on the corner to seal off the linebacker."
()n the extra-point cortversiurt attempt
lticlt .lortcs .stood up ottt of ltis holder posi»
tiott to title a pass to Dunham wlticlt was

goutl for two points.

Dttrtltnrn then sltowed ltis versatility by cat-
ching a 27-yard touchduwrt pass frorn a roll-

irtg Milano. This gave Albarty a 27-0 advan-
trtgc.

A Melvin run and a Me(iratlt catelt coupl—
ed with two extra-points by (‘harlie (iiknis
gave the Dartes a corttmartding 4H) halftime
lead.

ltr the second half Albatty. refusing to I‘m)
up the score. went to a controlled running

22>

Men harriers qualify for NCAA Championship

Al'ter running tltrotrglt the srtow artd freez-
ing winds of Cortland for a half hour.
members of the Albttrty State ttten's cross
cottntry team sat together irr the team vatt
wearing long t'aces. As soon as the IS] rttrt-
tiers of the Division III New York Regional
('ltutttpiottsltips had crossed the line. butlt the
winning tearu. frottt the Rochester lrtstitttte
of Technology. arid the sceortd place Univer-
sity of Rochester team began celebrating their
having qualified for the N('AA Division III
National Championships irt Newport News.
Virginia next weekend.

Dane captain ,lirn l-.rwirt cxplatuetl. "We
all assumed that l'tetltlttitt had gotten the
tltird spot for Nationals, We were so cold and
tired. no one rertli/ed that we'd dortc it."
After a tune llertd ('oaclt lloh Munsey danc-
ed ottt into the parkirtg lot with the news. arid
seeing ltitrr. the Danes spilled out of the sun
to scrcrtttt and jump on each other irt celehrrt~
tion of their first trip as a team to the Nrt-
tiortal cltarttpiortsltip sirtce 1977.

lll'l' finished first among the In learns
entered with the low score til 7‘) potrtts. The
University of Rocltester tertnt borrrtced back
frotrr a late-season sltttup to run their best
race of tire yertr and take second with ‘)5
points. The Danes run well itt \vinter'y corrdi-
tions. led by the strong, tltlt place fittislt of
junior lid Mc(iill. Alharty placed tltrec run-
ners irt the top-20 rtrtd pttt all five scorers
arnortg the top-40 t'irtislrcrs to score It]
points.

St. Lawrence University placed fottrtlt on
the strength of Mark (iosselin's irritating
l‘t. -place finish. Despite that. the Saints
couldn‘t hertt Albany's spread as all sevett
Albany runners finished well ahead of St.

 

 

Lawrence‘s fiftlt man. rounding tlteir score
orrt to 121 points.

The lteavily predicted tttect wirtrtcr was the
hapless Fredonia State team tltal finished
fifth overall. The lllue Devils were hampered

 

 

by the srtow artd cold rttore than most teams
because ol' the large rttrtnher of big-stride
track rttrttters on their squad. Said l-Irwin.
"'l‘he srtow was a big equalizer artd the
spcedstcrs had a hard time getting rtttrclr ottt

 

ASP
The Albany team: I. to r. (back) Ed McGIll. Jlm Erwtn. Ian Clements. Coach Muneey;
(lront) Chrle Cnllocl. Crnlg Partato. Chuck Bronner. and Tom Kacandea.

of tlte bttd footing." Fredonra has
represented the New York Region at Na-
tiottrrls for the past five years iii a row.
Albany‘s finish ahead of Fredonia was the
first little irt five years that a SUNY team lttrs
herttcn them.

That trpset was definitely the biggest strr-
prise ot' the meet, bttt RlT rtrrttrer .lirn l’ns~
quali didrt't scent surprised. "I actually
predicted Albany to squeeze into third place.
i ltad lr'redonin sceortd artd Alhatty third with
Rochester in l'ortrtlt. btrt tl’redonia) wasn't
rttcrttally willirtg to do it irr the snow artd tlte
ltuttgry Icarus were."

Albarry was very dcfirtitely a ltttrtgry teartr.
After ltrtvirtg sat otrt the snowy State cltartt-
piortsltips in Buffalo the weekend before. the
Danes were tested and ready. Said Darte cap»
tairt (‘hris ('allaci. "We were so psyched up.
we would ltave rtrrt tltrotrglt brick walls to
qualify."

The hungriest of the Danes was Mc(iill.
who hung back dttrirtg tlte very slow first ttrile
artd surged irtto the top-ll) during rrtile two.
Mc(iill ran tough througlt the remainder ol'
the race to finish in 26:39 and take lltlt
place.

Running strong and very determined.
(‘allaei finished sccrrrttl t'or Albrtrty itt 26:5‘)
and was l7th overrtll. Sophomore lan-
Clements continued to improve as his gutsy
llillt place finish behittd Callaci showed, lir-
win. who ttorrttrtlly finishes with the other top
Dane runners. was one of the track-rtrttner
types ltttrt by the snowy conditions. ltttprov~
ing dramatically upon lrls I4ttth place finish
last year. Erwin crossed the llrte Jtst overall.

Another Dane wlto's come it long way this

21>

 

,VOLUME LXX

 

 

 
 
  

 

AT ALBANY BY THE ALBANY STUDENT PRESS CORPORATION

Friday

November 1 8, 1 983

    

NUMBER 42

 

 

Greyhound buses roll as angry strikers protest

By Bob Gardlnler

A'Trtll tl It/Ilfll

The ongoing Greyhound bus
strike came to a qrtarrelsorne head
Thursday morning as two btrses
departed from the Albany terminal
at 8:30 a.m. amidst boisterous,
angry protests from the
Amalgamated Transit Union
members who blocked buses with
their bodies. and threw colored li-
quid nt tltem.

Albany police soon irttetvetted
allowirtg the buses to pass while
strikers ran alongside sltotrting at
drivers. callirtg them “dirty scabs."

Local ttttiun representative l'ottt
llart. dressed in rt bltre driters
ttrtifurru like tttarty ol' the other
strikers. stood at the side ot'tltc fray
answering reporters questions. He
insisted that the union will ttot bertd
to corttparty presstrre. "’l'ltey ltttvc
not broken ortr strike. We will be
here until icicles ltartg from ottt
picket signs." he said.

(ireyltottnd buses moved nation-
wide. 'l‘hursday for the first tirttc
since tlte strike btgan two weeks
ago. Reaction to tlte strike break
\rtricd across the country teaching
violence irt some places.

l‘orty demonstrators were dragg-
ed away to police vans irt liostort
after dclayirtg a brrs for rtrt hour, ac-
cordittg to wire reports.

lrt Philadelphia, wire reports
said. lttrrtdteds of strikers joined by

reporters and photographers. A
brick was thrown tltrough an empty
bus in a garage.

No injuries or violence was
reported there or elsewhere against
Greyhound workers or passengers.

l‘ickets slrotttcd "Scab bus. scab
bus! in Mobile. Ala.. as the corti-
party resttttted partial service. wire
reports said.

Four people were arrested irt
Washington according to wire
reports. for disorderly conduct.
()ne pulled his car into tltc path of a
bus arid the others barged through a
police litre. police said. Never-
theless. (ircyltotutd said its btrscs
departed the nation's capital on
tittte.

A would-be passenger irt
Philadelphia. l'arncla Matthews.
3‘). fotutd herself surrounded by
angry strikers as she tried to board
tlte bus tltcrc. The woman. art
ctttploycc of rt nursing agency irt
('lterty llill. N..l.. said site had to
get to Washington. bttt police final-
ly told lter the bus wasn't |crt\ittg
and she was causing a disturbance.
they said they would take lrct
sorttcwltere else where she couldch
a ride.

In Detroit, two gasoline botrrbs
sparked rt lire irt a (ireyltotrnd yard
Wednesday rtttd slightly damaged
two buses. l’ickets delayed. btrl did
not stop. two buses from leaving
the downtown depot tltcre. wire
reports said.

 

 

'9. a.-.“ .
. .1.-
rill-I'l-
'- I}!
. .

 

Workers attempt to halt buses

rl tinge/r unions were present in .ro/r'rlurrly willr lire .s'lrr/s'e/ .

patently bccartsc btrs rider’s feared
violence and because (it‘c)ltound's

as strikers yelled and spit at the
buses.

in IARUWCN UPS

 

limits on. four ltotrrs off. With this
they cart hire part-tittte drivers that

 

 

sympathetic ttnioni/cd pltrrttbcrs.

carpenters. strbway workers artd Dorothy I.ot'artt said ridership on
l‘camstcrs btrrst tltrottglt a police the first
line. surrounded a bus. rtrtd porrttd- moderate.‘

ed it like a drunt. kcepirtg it til the figures.

dock. l’iekets for the roost
The only passengers on the numbered passengers on the first
Philadelphia bus were futtr btrses leaving the bigger cities. ap-

bttses was "light to
bttt said site had no reports.

l'wo ntorc httscs arrived at the liachledaol‘Scotia.adriter \\illtsi\
at ttoort witlt artd one half years on the road l'or strike officially began. took place
(ireyltottnd. “()uc tlting they (the between trttiort and management.
corupatty) want is a split shift. four 11>

part ottt- Albany tertnittrtl
security cscorts and local police
clearing tltc way for their dcpartttrc

(ircyltound spokeswoman main competitor. l‘railways. mnt- l‘lte strike. w triclt
cltcd the low fares heirtg offered

began would not have to join the uniott."
November 3, is the rcsrtlt of con» srutl llrtcltleda. “I've already found
l'htttsday, according to wire tract disputes user wages and patt- another job." Ire said, “I am just

titne erttployces according to Mike waiting to see what happens."

the first contract talks. since the

Students increasing caution in college choices

 

 

By (Ihrisline Reffelt
SI/tll tt'mrrrn

Prospective students are toppirtg arotrrtd
for colleges attd waitirtg until mttclt later irt
the year before making their final choices. ae-
eording to Rodney llart. the director of rtd-
rnissions at SUNYA.

The students are taking tnore time. said
Hart. because they wattt to get the most for
their money. “Recently. we've noticed that
students are submitting reservrttiort deposits
to more than one school. attending srtrnrrtcr
orientations. rtttd Ihert making a decision."
Students trscd to ttpply early and tnakc their
choice by May. stated tlttrt.

"bttt now they apply irt 
January." ltc added.

Aceordirtg to “art. the 
key factor itt this trend is
that trtost collcgcs only require a $50 deposit.
He said lte .sees this figure as a problem. “liif-
ty dollars is rtot enough," ltc noted. "because
it doesn't discourage students from sending
$50 deposits to several schools." this leads
to rro-sltows. added llart. “because fifty
dollars is ttut a lot to lose when you’re talking
about spending “0.000 for an education."
ltc said.

This year. "rt high number" of students
did rtot show up. llrn't said. Our ot' 2.400
students who were accepted. l0li ttcver came
to sttrttrttcr urictttation. attd anotltet 72 did go
to orientation htrt never attendctl class s.
"This is also a problem." said llart.
"because we are rtot aware of no-shows tttttil
it is too late to tell wait-listed students they've
been accepted. it's a little ridicotts to tell a

   

student tltcy're irr around July.“ ltc said.
Marci Levin. a prospective stttdcrtt visiting
Albany. said she plrrrtrtcd to leave rttorc than
one deposit on a scltool. “I need to know
more about tlte schools." slte said. "but I
also will like the feeling that l dcfirtately atn
in the schools attd tltcrc is a place for me. It‘s
really a kind ol' insurance." .shc asserted.
Suzanne Derttatte. also a prospective sttt-

dcut. agreed with Levitt. artd added tltat
“lensing tttotc than one deposit gives rtte the
freedom to clteck out the scltools more
carefully and make the rigltt cltoice. lidttca-
tiort is too cspeusive now rtot to do that." site
said.

The over-all concensus of this is that the
majority “shopped arotrnd" before making
their decision to corrte to SUNYA. Dave Reil-

 

 

 

 

PrOSpecttve students touring the r

 

 

Education is Iuo expensive no! lo check out selrooiv.

ly. lit, who lives on Colonial Quad. said lte
w as tcry choosy before making his decision.
“I went to two orientations. one at Rtrtgers
arid the one here. i liked Albany better. so
ltere I am.“ Reilly said. “i layed down more
than one deposit becattsc it gave me more
time to rttakc a decision. It was also a safety
valve. of sorts." lte added.

Similarly. Scott Horan. also a freshman
this year. wanted to leave tttore than one
deposit as insurance. "it's too important not
to rttake the right choice." lte stated. “A fifty
dollar deposit isn't very mtrclt compared to
the cost of schools. So it was worth it." lte
added. “because I felt confident in my final
decision.“

lJnisctsity officials are also noticing that
rttorc freshmen are takirtg advantage ol' the
urtisersity‘s academic advising services. an
occtrrrance which also reflects the students‘
desire to be rttore informed about the unit/tr-
sin attd the courses. said llart.

l‘hc ('cnter for Undergraduate Education.
((‘lll‘). provides academic advisement to all
freslttncrt artd undeclared majors CUli ad-
\ised I.‘)»tt) freshmen last summer. according
to Director Stanley ScltwartL H’l'hc freshmen
want to register artd get tnore classes tltey're
interested in." said Schwrtrtl. "They seem to
be shopping arourtd more rtrtd comparing
more also." lte said. "And .since the deposit
is so low. the price is really tight for it."

Scltwart/ continued by adding that “it is
ttot uncommon t'or parettts to set aside as
tntrclt as Hit .000 irt 'pin tuottey' to pay for ttp-
plicatiorts ttud deposits. This really shows the
direction parents rtrtd prospective students
are taking." he added. ‘ t”)

L t

w.

 

