   

l

 

EDITORIAL ? ”

he black voice on this campus is powerful.

Although the struggle for equality seems to be a

perennial battle for black Americans, the SUNYA
black community has continued to exhibit a mature and
teadfast attack on racial discrimination.

“We must never forget how far we've come. nor how far
we've yet to go." wrote Laurie B. Midgette. Editor-in-
Chief of Unity News, a publication of the Albany State
University Black Alliance. |

The black students here have indeed come far. The
NAACP College Chapter was recently founded and among
other things. it has kept the public aware of adverse effects
of racial discrimination. or course. ASUBA has continued
to serve as the social and political hub for black students.

The Office of Minority Student Services created by the

 

‘ .., .-......t-.. .. . .. .- w... .r. we . -~__..,....‘._....¢,w

Solidarity through participation

university. and the Minority Affairs Coordinator and Task
Force created by Student Association, are two more recent
moves which have shown the proper respect and representa-
tion of our diverse community.

And just this Monday there was Black Solidarity Day. it
was a day in which blacks united to remind themselves of
their continuing struggle for basic human equality. Further-
more. blacks divorced themselves from the rest of the com-
munity in order to demonstrate their essential role in the
functioning of society.

What's the next step? Their is certainly no single answer
as to where the black community should concentrate its ef-
forts next; attempting a grandiose answer would be futile.
Yet there is an area that does deserve some attention.

Throughout this past semester and during last summer

, a... a»-.. ,, “N, tW‘Yrt-Nw wen.“ .u. ... -  .. .

the Albany Student Press has made .noteablc progress in
working toward the goal of multiculturism. The ASP has
finally experienced a concrete increase in the number of
minorities on staff. and has continued its solid coverage of
minority events and issues on campus.

in addition. minority group leaders received a letter
which invited all minority students to become involved and
educated in the working of our school newspaper. The let-
tcr stressed that it is extremely important to understand that
in creating a more diverse university community we all must
contribute.

Our door is open. The ASP is the perfect medium for
those who are trying to bring about awareness and educa-
tion for the people of this university. More participation is
needed for even better representation. t z

 

 

 

 

COLUMN,

A dangerous precedent

‘Tiger’ Joe Smith of the Waverly ‘Daily News' was ex-

cited about covering the first big invasion since Vletnarn.

As soon as word of the invasion broke. he and some other

reporters rented a boat and headed to Grenada so that they
. could be among the first with the big stories.

“This boat is great. guys, We got a good view of

Grenada. and the Cubans will never stop us. We'll be there
in no more than an hour."

Bill Brewster

 

kid

Just then a. Navy F-i-t buzzed close-by. it seemed

strange. but Smith was used to the realities of war.

"Hey, great action, eh? Haven’t seen anything like it

since the Beirut air strikes last summer. Nothing like com-
bat to get the old blood pumping."

Jim Jackson. a TV cameraman. agreed. “Yep. Almost as

exciting as that ambush down in El Salvador a few months
back."

“Yeah, hah.” -
The two combat reporters chuckled. Just then a Navy

patrol cruised up to their boat. A few U.S. marines and
sailors were on board. They were not overly-friendly look-

ng.
“No press allowed." said a young sailor. "The island's
closed."

Smith was shocked, “What? Are you kidding? Get lost,
In

"No press allowed!" The young sailor took out an M-lﬁ.

in the distance, gun shots were heard as fighting near Point
Salinas Airport was apparently fierce.

“Come on. kid." said Jackson. “Who are you trying to

fool? i was in Nam. l've seen more real combat than you've

seen episodes of M.A.S.Hl You can't keep the press away
from war when the U.S. is involved. People have to know
what's going on in a democracy!"

"Go backl We don’t want any press to get hurt."

“Since when? What, are you a Cuban?!"

The sailor flicked the safety switch on his riﬂe to shoot.
Another F-i4 buzzed overhead. in front of the two small
boars appeared a Navy destrover with its guns pointed right
at Smith. Through the P.A. speaker a sailor on board sent
the ominous warning: “Go back to Barbadosl You can go
no furtherl You cannot go to Orenadal Clo backl"

“Oh. i see." said Smith to the armed sailor, “look. we’re
Americans. See? We're not Russians. What's the deal?"

“Yeah.” said Jackson, “where do you guys get this
from? The Brits and their Falklands thing? What happened
to free press?"

“National security. sir." said the sailor. still pointing his
rifle. "We're proving to all the Communists that we mean
business."

"Yeah. well how are the American people supposed to
find out what's happening? There hasn't been any objec-
tive coverage of this war since it started!”

“We will tell them what they need to know." said the
sailor proudly. "it's much easier to be a world power when
no one is distorting our heroics and criticizing our every
move."

A “her sailor. the 00.. tall and distinguished. poked
his head out from the patrol boat cabin door and walked up
next to the young sailor who. it seemed. was talking too
much.

“Look guys." he said, "don't you realize Grenada was
being groomed as a Cuban and Soviet bastion for the ex-
port of terrorism to undermine freedom and democracy?

This is no island paradise for t0urism anymore! Don't you
listen to our Commander in Chief?"
"So how do we ever get on the Island? Won't the press
ever be allowed to see any action?" Smith felt helpless.
“Oh sure,” answered the 0.0. proudly. “Once we're

through mopping up." Ounshots and exploding Ordnance

were heard in the distance.

"Then can we go and ask questions of the civilians and
Cuban prisoners?"

“0h. heavens No1 We have guides who will show you all
the chief attractions and military hot spots. Please. don't
worry. Our line military machine has the whole situation
under control. Now just go on back to Barbados and we'll
call you and lead you around when it's safe."

“Why the continued ﬁghting anyhow?," asked Smith.
“6.000 troops for a rescue mission? Half the med students
at St. George’s were evacuated already and the rest want to

stay don't they? What's going on?"

The officer thought for a second and looked up to (ill:
patrol boat’s American flag blowing steadily in the breeze.

He sighed deeply.

“Look. We have to make the island safe for democracy
and freedom. it's in everybody's best interests. Can't you
in the press understand? We'll let you know when you can
come back. and in the meantime. we’ll be sure to let you

know if anything important happens."

The reporters grudgingly turned their boat around and
headed back to Barbados.

“Please don't worryi.‘I shouted the CO. "We're doing
an incredibly heroic job saving this island. and we'll show
you, once it's safe enough. We know what we're doing.
Why do you doubt us?" [ I

 

WHaT 3 TR“?! We GOT TaKeN
OVeR iN Min-FLiGHT!

 

IT’é A GLORtoué DAY FoR
godlALl‘éM, COMRADE. THE
WORKERS ARE UNITED!

 

      
  

 

    

1 Wednesday, November .9, 1.983

   
  
   
 
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
 
  
  
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
 
 
  
   
   
  
 
  
   
 

 

l

   

 

      
   

 
 

 4 f- 

//

W7; / ’ W

/

 

 
  

\

I was being methodically reduced
by my society to more ovaries.- womb
and vagina. Even taken all together,
those parts make a very small, very
limited. very stunted and very partial
woman. ' -. '5

No wonder I won miserable.

— Sonia tlolanoo .

 

 

   
 

inbcxv Mm.
"NS-NW“

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

