 

 

.....+..¢., «ac,  ..._..:{.._

 

aspects on tuesday

 Long Days Journey Re

2 May night at the Egg was the
5 F scene of a most unusual produc-

tion of Eugene O'Neill's pulitzer
lPrize-winning play Long Day's Journey In.
glto Night. This production was the Richard
8'Allen Center for Culture and Art's all black
3verslon directed by Geraldine Fitzgerald.
Although the cast members are black. this
was not a "black interpretation" of the play.
nor was there any attempt to tmttate the
Irish-catholic American family O'Neil
wrote about. Director Fitzgerald makes It
clear that she ls trying to convey the univer-
sality of the play's message - the nature of
family emotions arid relationships

 

Megan Gray Taylor

 

The long day of the play's title is a single
day in the life of the four members of the
family Tyrone. Each ls relentlessly stripped
of protective facade as the truths of their
-relattotislilps are exposed. The lather.
James. an actor who might have been
great. has become embittered by his career
and miserly with his family. Mary. the
mother. is revealed to be emotionally shat-
tered and addicted to drugs. The older
brother, rlatnte. Is alcoholic. whore-
niongering. and Sell'ltallttg. The poetic
younger brother. Edmund. based on the
playwright. is dying of tuberculosis and
'splritually disillusioned.
’ l have never seen a production of this
play where Mary Tyrone's fltial monologue.
was not greeted with at the least compas~
stoti. and in exceptional performances. '
tears. Unfortunately this production lacked
all pathos. Never did i have a sense of tlils
family's suffering either individually or as a
whole. Perhaps it was the almost slick com-
edy tn the delivery of Jamie. or the
overblown eloquence of James. or the in-
credibly stiff urifeeling portrayal of Ed-
mutid. but whatever the specifics. this was
not a credible or justifiable production of
O'Neill‘s greatest play.
This production featured Earle Hyman
as James Tyrone the patriarch of this sad

'Brignol

l t is far too seldom that a niustcal

 

event as exhilarating as Saturday

night's concert at Page Hall
comes to Albany Billed as "Nick Brigiiola
and Friends." the evening provided area
music listeners with a chance to see
Brignola. truly a local musical legend. play»
ing beside some of the real giants of
modern jazz. Nick was joined by drummer
.lack Derlohnette. bassist Dave Holland.
and saxophonist Dewey Rednian. De-
rlolinette and Holland are undisputedly
two of the most accomplished musicians
oti their respective instruments. while Red-
man has earned a reputation as one of to-
day‘s highly regarded saxophonists. both
through his long association with jazz's
leading figures (most notably with Ortiette
Coleman). and through his unique and
soothing tone.

Larry Rader

When the lineup for this particular:$
cert was announced. it seemed almost too
good to be true . After all. how often do‘
three prominent out of town players. all
leaders of their own groups. come to play‘
with the head of the local jazz community?
Fortunately. Mr. Bttgnola has cut some1
albums with Mr. Holland. arid his ties to
the Woodstock-based Creative Music
Studio and ECM record label (for whom
Dedohnette. Holland and Redman at
record) are close enough to persuade his
friends to spenti a night playing jazz tr
Albany.

A possible hitch, however. was the
potentially different tnusical interests
among the players. This proved to create a
very'v.‘small barrier. Even thouin the three
"friends" are considered primarily
members of the new movement of jazz.
they have proven repeatedly. air their
various projects. just how versatile they cati
be. arid if there was any doubt as to how
comfortable the usually “straight ahead"

 

Brignola would be with his more want

 

group. Hyman. who also co-directed the
play. was nominated for a Tony award for
his role In Edward Albee's The Lady from
Dubuque and Is particularly noted as a
Shakespearean actor. Hts classical training
was clear in the almost overblown grandeur
of his characterization which left little room
for sympathy from the audience.

Mary. the pathetic drug addicted
mother, was played by Marie Thomas.
who is a familiar face to many because of
her two plus years starritig role in The Doc-
tors. Thomas. who succeeded In capturing
the body movements of someone pro-
gressively increasing their dose of drugs.
was simply too young to be convincing as
Mrs. Tyrone. She seemed overly self-
corrsctous about her required lack of body
coordination (as part of the drug
addiction). and l often found her
movements more distracting than
necessary.

Jamie was played by Thornriiie
Blackwell. Blackwell's performance evoked
the most inappropriate response from tlit
audience. generating laughter after ltl!
triost emotional scene with Ednturtd. defin
Itrig their relationship In the fourth act. He
too. suffered frotri an exaggerated amount
of movement, that was incredibly distrac-
ting. Although he succeeded In giving tne a
clear sense of the non-serious side of
Jamie. he never created the other and
necessary side of the character. his own
discontent with his life. When. in the fitial
scene. he tried to do this. there was no
ground work to build oti and therefore his
lines were greeted with laughter. not tears.

 

Finally. Edmund was played by David
Wiles. Wiles lacked all finesse. and his cori-
tlnual stooped-shouldered. stiff-bodied
stance echoed his inability to grasp hold of
the nature of Edmund. Given OINeIll's
own admission that this character was
himself, this becomes even harder to
justify. The fatiiily maid was played by
LaureBowman. who. although convincs
Ing. played for the broadest possible

a J azzes

garde co-players. he put it to rest with .
scorching alto sax solo during the concerts
opening number. On that piece. Dave
Holland's “rlumptn' in." Brignola displayed
the sensitive listening ability needed to play
alongside a freer rhythm section than the
one he usually plays with. while briltatitly
showing how the traditional jazz language
cart be molded to fit perfectly with newer
jazz compositions Arid so it went.

Of the three remaining numbers per
formed during the first set. two were coni-
posed by .liick l)e.lohriette. while the last
was another DtIVL’ Holland piece. De-

 

 

Marte Thomas and Earle'
Hyman, performing in Eugene
O'Netll's Long Day's Journey
Into Night presented at the

 

 

  

 

  

  
  
  
 
 
 

Visited

 

humor. only adding to air already
misdirected lightness In tlils production.

The Richard Allen Center is named for
Richard Allen who was one of the first
black American leaders. Born a slave sliort~
ly before the American Revolution. he pur-
chased his freedom arid became an
itinerant Methodist minister. When leaders
of the church decided not to permit full and
equal participation of blacks In services.
Allen protested and organized what he call-
ed the first public resistance to racial
discrimination in America. He then found-
ed the African Methodist Episcopal Church
and later was elected Its first bishop. He
also called and organized the first national
conference of black people in America and
was at the forefront of furthering black

 

 

education programs.

The RACCA under the illti‘llttttl Iif
Hazel Bryant has dorie .i great ilt‘itl to irri-
tlier black theater In America flitsi‘tl rrr
New York City. this company has ti't i't\r‘tl
acclaim for many of its priiriirr lltltls
Although this particular Dittilltilllitt was
weak. it was good to see lltl’ strung lttttttttll
by the black coniinutrity In Albany l'iri trot
sure whether the problems iri lltIN jitiiilttt
tlon arose from a directorial intsjtiilqrtniciit.
ati actor detachment from t'ltrttrti li't or rill
audience misinterpretation. but llli’ (tIIIt‘
pany. despite the problettis. slioucil ti'rtl
acting potential.

ESIPA will present Dan Wriqoiiur rtittl
Dancers this coming Fridriv Iltitltl at H
PM.

 

Up Page Hall

trig was full of other displays of brilliance.

After “Tin Can Alley." DeJohnette
shifted to electronic piano for his “Pastel
Rhapsody." a slow piece oti which Nick
returned to his alto. Dewey. who played
tenor for the whole night. delivered a
sparse. very moody solo. which
characterized his playing for iriost of the
concert. Redman's career has taken liitii
from Ortiette colemati's revolutionary
groups of the sixties. through the bands of
countless other jazz players. to his current
roles as leader of the Dewey Redman
Quintet. and as one fourth of the

But the real story is about Nick Brignola For
years, it has been this area’s priviledge to
have a man recognized as one of the world’s
best saxophonists living and playing here

No matter which local place he plays in Nick
always brings a horn or two and blows some

Of the
anywhere.

.iohnette's first oilerttig was “Tin Can
Ailey." the title track of the latest album by
his current group. Special Edition. For tlits
number. Brignola was right at home on his
favorite Instrument. the baritone sax.
which. in Special Edition. is played by a
sensational young saxophonist. .lolin
Purcell. Purcell and Brtgnola are similar In
their deep appreciation and great emphasis
on clear and well defined tone in their play-
lng. as well as itr their virtttoso ability on al
saxophones. clarinet and flute. The beauty
of Brlgtiola's solo on “Tin Can Alley" prov-
ed to be the litgliltght of his performance.
although his playing thouglrout the even-

. um.  .. 

best jazz sounds to be heard

marvelous trou 0 ~ - '
Old and Nelly Ills-old?" CHW "npmwsms'
" ‘The first set ended with Dave l'lolland's
l‘our Winds." on which he played "
lengthy. unaccompanied passage dis Ii d
trig remarkable clarity and speed ‘ Hull Lyl
has played with a tremendous ltstamf
leaders. for whom his incredible im ‘ tO
trig ability atid feel for the music 
blessing. Along with his many albums 'n ll
leader. his recording credits range f"5 d
Stan Getz to Miles Davis to Anthon Bmm
ton. to name just a few. y mx.
Twu duets began the

u u SECO ' )
first. Fun. was writte nd 59" “K

n by Brigtiola air the

night before the concert. It ft‘itlllti‘il llii‘ lt'.ti
saxophonists. each on terror llrv rirwr
duet was Duke lillitigtrrrr‘s “Hirptirstrrrrirvrt
Lady." with Nick. on alto rrtitl luttwtti‘
playing alongside Holland lltitjltitlri in
troduced the following pcice bi witttiit
simply. "Dewey'd like to do .r blue-i " Writ!
followed was some of lltt‘ tiiri~t br-uribtrili
“'9 playing of the night l)t'rlltlttii'lli' rrrr.
on fire after his long break. and lit’ pitirwl ii

l‘mQ solo which left the audience ltt .r lli‘:t
zy. iliiCk l)L‘ill)lillL'llU plays .is if tli.‘ ilrrrrir~
were invented for ltitri to ItIrt‘ili‘t. .r litirtlli

devoted student of music. his l\’\l'l t it pli'lt
ciency is such that he is in rtlistllllll' rriirttul
of his instrument. aitd never the tillli‘l i-..iv
around. The concert ended on till rip tittii'
with Dewey Retlnirin's "Rush llout " l‘tt
hart of this one. l)e.lohnette inovr-rl lhtt It to
his ltk‘ybtmrd. while employing .r tlii.ll|||l

 

 

machine. He returned to his ilttttlt‘.
however. playing them with fierce intcint
ty. As fast and hard as “L’rlftlttti'llt' t‘lithl
Brigirola stayed right with hint wrtli .i tints
itig alto solo. closing the show with ‘rttll
another display of taletit

The concert was marked by HIII'
highlight after another. with the mint Ul‘
vious standout being the sru'iriiriitli'
telepathic relritiotrsip between lk' lulttlt‘ll“
and I’lolland. two longtime liltixttiil
cohorts lint the real story was about Nlib
Brignola. For years. it has been this .iir'ii"
priviledge to have A man recognized .i~ I W
0f the world's best saxophonists liviiiit i”“l
playing here. No matter which of lltt' lw til
places he plays itr. Nick rilwrivs lttlll‘i“ "
born or two arid blows 5(lll11‘ttflllt'lli"l i-W
Sounds to be heard anywhere Ilis lot-ll
gigs with his won band are this titt'rll‘i l'i'ri
entertainment values. Nick Iiritrnvlri'i
presence helps keep jazz vital in this .irr-a
He Is a world renowned tritisicrin. rlllil lip
ability to bring other famed artists llllti town
is magnificent. and will hopefully l‘i'
repeated. Hats off to Nick Iirtgnnlri lUt lib
contribution to jazz. both locally and inter
nationally. l l

T Fe Verdict Is

n November 13 Felix Unger was
asked to remove himself/ram his
place a] residence. That request
came [rom fits tulle. Deep down he knew
she was right but he also knew that some
'day he would return to her. With nowhere
else to go. he appeared at the home of his
(childhood) friend. Oscar Madison.
(Sometime) several years earlier Madison's
wife had thrown hint out. requesting that
he never relurri. Can two divorced nien
share an apartment without driving each
other crazy?

i ,‘t  -

 Qhris Considine
r j 6? l‘: 
f tiobRatui ‘:

These cared words are transmitted to its
regularly at the beginning of most episodes
of everybody's all-time favorite TV show.
The Odd Couple. This oration has becortii'
firmly etched in the minds of TV bulls. the
world over. You know it. you love it. tlllll
cart recite it on ri moment's notice at any
given tlrrie.

However. not only do we \UtllltlL’l' about
the last litre of the introduction. but we also
wotider whether two gifted and noble tnen
cart share a show without one shining
above the other Once again. we must rtsl .
1whom do you like better. Him or Oscar?
Last week we gave you Oscar's strong
.points. This week we're givnig you the flip-
sitle. l-‘elix's fittest qualities

Felix Unger liris tilt It.) of lHti. lli'
worked his way through ct illege selling spot
'lL’lliUVt'T. he was betrothed to one of lliL’
loveliest women \vc'vu ever seen. (iltitiri.
who was every youngster's first trite Irive.
excluding. of course, tlL’tllllllL’ of Cocoa
Beach fame. Felix was almost voted the
cutest boy in his high school bill he couldn't
win two medals and he already had the
Home Economics Award. Mr linger
knows every itetri on his person (comb.
wallet. nose spray) llts nicknéme its ri
child was Felix the Post. when a week late
with ltis milk money. his fellow gtatittnrir
schoolers voted him the death penalty His
marriage counselor kicked liitri out of his

 

  

 

office and wrote titi his chrirt. “litnrilic

his past l"ll(lr|y night saw the area

I debut of .i new iii/I quintet liotii
the ‘ul‘triH’llIllQ ground of lid” of
SUNYA. l.tiiig lslritirl Eclipse played to .i
iii Schenectady if this show was any ltl
dicrition of the band's talents and abilities.

then it's .r frtit' bet ltl say that llt'lipsc is lithl
I

i‘tIrL'Ul'

Robert Schneider

small btit critliusirisiii .rurlirnicv ill Mr K‘ s

at the beginning of a long and successful

 

 

lii‘hpse has bccii together Iti its |ilt‘\i’lil
form for about .i yr-rii. riltlitiiigli the
members llrttl known urir'hrithr-r for sr'voral
years br'foiv lllt|l (‘tliti‘llllLK the group is
playing till the plinth \illtltt‘. tti llI\\'lt‘r liki-
l’ii'lhnriiv rttlil Mrrssnpr-qurr. litrtllt' Ill tlic
Stray ('rits As ri llltllll'l of fact. guitarist
lirili tirillo riiir'c lilrtb‘i’il rtlriiigstrlr' lr'r'
liiit‘lu‘r. til .i lop -lll b.iiirl Apparently
Rocker rlrdti't impress (irilltl tori mm h. for
when (Lillti rind keyboardist their l‘it'ltli'lt‘ll
were fiirtnniit their own group. thr-y it"
jet'ti'il litickct, wlrii chm-it'll tip bv si'llmg .i
million records

At this point. lli'lqiiir- is looking for it
recording contract. wrtli hopes Itf releasing
a six or seven siting lil’. Although nothing is
.set yet. several record critripririies are in
volved. Schleich told me that the band
‘hasn't set any timetable for success. With a
'few breaks. it shouldn't be too long before
things really start rolling their way. It's rltf-
ltcult for a jazz-fusion band to achieve
widespread recognition among the I
lTeenage-Wasteland audiences that
predominate on the Island. With this in

 

New York and the Hamptons. where a

 

mind. Eclipse is seeking venues in both ’

r

I

 

The grounds of Felix's divorce set a legal
precedent iii New York State. pesttness.
He doesn't like pits iii his orange juice
r"Pltl"). After breaking up with Gloria. he
went on a hunger strike illl(l would otin eat
grripefrults. gizzards and garbaiizo beans.
He kept the plastic covers on “Mr Friend".
his version of Ratlar's Teddy Bear. with
whom he (Felix. that is) slept for five years
(“These things coflct‘t lint") Felix is a
renowned honker due to il sinus condition
Mr linger has been known to be ex-
cessively neat (“This would be a perfect
true to shampoo the trig " “First | go for
tny l's. then my 2's No. you gotta be hold.
you gotta go with the dice Nri. I'd rather be
ni'rtt ")

Furlheiniore. Felix rlvtnotisttritr-s ex-
treme loyalty to his friends ("You are ri tro-
.tlt' drone though. riti'n't yoti':"') After his
trig Oscar's job by annoying his boss
(played by the one rttltl tttllV litlwiiirl l’lritt.
known to millions as the Chief of Control).
'te convinces liltii to white his cltittii
Although it doesn't turn out its planned. ltl'
deliberately performs priuilv ("You
couldn't afford a but so you used your little
brother") when given the title that ()scrit
was supposed to play iii a commercial so
that they'd riiti out of time and use Oscar
He comes through “like the cavalry" when
the Internal Revenue Service Is about to
bail Oscar for back taxes. showing proof
that they actually owe liirii money liven
after being cleverly deceived by Oscar.
Felix mines to his .itd rttltl announces the
square tlrirrcc iii tiltlL‘I' to help him pay a

note sophisticated audience can he found

Sophisticated tS ri word that describes the
:{clipse style. with few cxwptttitis All the
iltllﬂS rue ririginril t‘itiillMtSllltills“ written liy
Hob (inllo. who has studied wrtli l'rtt Mar
tiiiri tirillri. when asked who he is infhienc
ml by. responded by srivttig that he is Iii
flucncerl by many. btit ropir-s no one This
was borne out liy tlw pr-iforinrince I'rtdriv
tight

The show opened with .r tin/{ling lrtllll
tuttibi't known .is “Hipstlcattr " One of the
ow tritir'tstns of the show was lttlllttl right
.it the start. nrrtiir'lv lltt' sound quality liob
(irrllri's gttttrii was brirclv rtlttllltlt'. tt|i(l ill
t’i’ilttlil points if rtltnrist \l’l'llh‘d like he was
trying his lirrirli'st lit win rill tlll gtiitrtt L'ttll'
tr'st Actually. tlw ptnbh'tiis with the sound
\wtc understairdriblt'. .is lr‘ltpse's sound
ltlrili drrln't nirrkc thc ttip "Slipsirvnnr" .rlso
|7iltttli'il Hill the “hilly things that rtlt‘ right
about this hand (irrrg Sclili-tt’lr's keyboard
lti‘tlltllllrlllt'k' can best br- described as
magical llc displayed .in L'llllillSltlSlli and
intent for the tvoiius that is rarely seen
anywhere On "Believe It Or lilsc." if one
timed his eyes. it wasn't too hrtttl to im-
rigitie that liilly l’reston was up there
Schletch views the synthesizer its an instru~
merit wttli great potential He showed this
rrti ti number of songs. as he threw tti sortie
experltiietitril tricks. Sonic-titties ex»
perimenting can turn tiff an audience. but
this didn't happen at Mt. C's. As it matter
of fact. it was during these ventures that the
crowd voiced its loudest approval.

As stated before. Bob Gallo's guitar was
usually drowned out. This didn't happen

Ion “Also Too." As a matter of fact. the

smoky leads that Gallo provided were quite
Impressive. "Also Too" (leinnrvtratprl one

So the question has weighed on
your mind for more than a week.
Do we love Felix the Pest
more than Oscar Trevor? One
must reach deeply into

one's soul to
answer this.

 

"In

debt. He gives Oscar the encouragement
he needs when he's having difficulties
writing his book l"Kriockout" by Oscar
Madison). and tlll he asks in return is a sitti-
ple dedication. It is qtitie obvious that we
should be down on our knees thanking our
maker for ri frietid like Felix.

Feltx's unrelenting loyalty is not limited
tti his best friend and roomie He has been
known to brill needy others out of sticky
.vickets as well. He defends his pal Murray
the cop after Oscar levuls serious charges
against him iti one of the famous cour-
Irrrrirn scenes. He shows his feeling for
others by first btiiigitig home a baby llltll
has been i'rtiintly left at his office and lltl‘tt
elusing to contact the authorities because
ie firmly believed that the child's mother
voultl show tip

As was alluded to just before. one of
Fr'lix's mrmy talents is his courtroom exper-
tise. lie is. without a doubt, one of the
most entertaining lawyers this side of these
writers. “II was a spur of the moment
tliitig." One would assume after watchttg
one of his brilliant performances. that he
has had some legal training. but that stniply
isn't trite ()h. by the way. "you should
never assume because when you assume.
you make an ass out of ti and run".

So the question has weighed on your
mind for more than a week. Do we love
llri’llx thr- f’est tnore than Oscar Trevor?
One must reach deeply into his soul to
answer this. Matty wtll instinctiver jump to

  
  
   
  
 

.' ".4 '. : Qty”). I.
aspects on tuesday
rt

W'U>

but this is not how such decisions are 2
made. God knows that there's a little bit of 6
both of them In all of us.

What we'd like to suggest Is this. can

Felix and Oscar possibly be separatated?
Perhaps a mother hen can ostracize one of'
her chicks If it's been handled by a human. .
but a thitikltig person cannot possibly

prefer one of its own to another. and Fel
and Osc are two of our own. aren’t they?
We love them both deeply and equally.
FUTUREVISION: The competition has
been fierce. the campaigning intense and
the lobbying utiderhanded. but the jurors
have steadfastly stuck to their vows of im-
partiality and the winner has been chosen.
First. though. we'd like to explain the
criteria by which the coveted Richard M.
Weissberg Memorial Award is given out It
must be earned. One must have spent
many hours in front of the television. be a
knowledgeable and informed viewer and
watch not only for pleasure but. more ttn-
pottrtritly. for content. We can otin choorr-
from those who we know about. so if you
or anyone you know feel that you are
:deservent of consideration. send your
;credertttals (old TV Guides. viewing
schedules. program synopses) to the ASP
office and we'll schedule an interview dur-
itig riori~prime Viewing hours as part of our
quest to find llltll viewer who stands heads
and shoulders above that of his peers
This week's Richard M. Weissberg
Mertiririrtl Award winner Is Steve Stone.
Steve viewed his usual cornucopia of TV
events ranging ftiim avid viewings of old
sit~crinrs to NHL Playoff Hockey (Rangers.
obviously when still involved. Bruins now
because of Brad tlll(l Rick) Mr Stone is a
renowned theorist and his conservative
outlook on viewing has influenced many
Albany households Steve especially shin-
ed during the Captain Video episode til
The Honeymooners. aired last Sunday. .
ittipeccribly anticipating each and every en- E
suing line and fttrtlier informing his fellow
viewers of brickgtoutid information dutltig
those iitiprirtrint hiatuses from viewing.
comnrercrals. Congratulations to Mr.
Stone.
Speaking of commercials. next week we
will discuss twri views of commercials. Are
they to be treasured or are they rest periods
r l

 

 

a conclusion. iaslilv stating ri preference.

Eclipse Shines At Mr.

in the weary Viewer?

’8

 

 

 

 

of the most notable things about Eclipse #
their sense of timing. At several points.
sudden drop-offs occured. and after tiny
intervals. the music began again. To their
credit. every time that the music stopped. it
did so in total unison. The same can be
said for the start~ttps. On tI record. this
would be taken for granted. btit in a live
show. it was a pleasant surprise.

Bassist rlohn Prindolfo. while being
inderutilized. nonetheless did move to the
.orefront when he was called oti. This oc-
tured on “Double Agent." Pandolfo pro»
Jided a strong anchor for Schleich's im-

 

provisation. in keeping with the song's title.
the James Bond theme flitted through. It

was .i very clever trick. although it should
have been the main burly of the song. iti-
steriil (if the occasional treat.

All iti rill. liclipse shows a great deal of
potential. Otie got the feelltig that art IEP.
with several of tlte songs that were per-
formed Ftiday tiiglit. would go very far
among both fusion and rock fans alike.
Sclileich Is a superb keyboardist. tllld ex-
periitientirig seems to suit him well. Aside
frotii allocating a little more space for the
other tiietirbers of the batid. especially
guitarist Gallo. Eclipse put on a marvelous.
professional show. Keep an eye on
-tlietti. ,

 

 

