 

     
   
  
   
   
    
  
  
 

 

 

10 ASPects ON TUESDAY

 

Jazz Notes ' "

Billy Taylor Comes To Albany

enowned Jazz _plantst. composer

and educator Dr, Billy Taylor will

bring his consummate style to the
Egg's main stage. with the Billy Taylor Trio
on Friday. October 28 at 8 pm. This pro-
mising show is part of the Empire State in-
stltute for the Performing Arts (ESIPA) guest
artist series. it will feature Taylor's latest com-
position. “Make a Joyful Noise." and a Jazz
workshop service Inspired by Duke
Ellington's "Sacred Concerts."

 

Andrew Morfopoulous

Styled by the likes of Art Tatum and Fats
Walker. Billy has mantalned himself as a
very versatile and eloguent performer. Alter
betng Initially hired by Ben Webster In 1943.
he has gone on to solidify his reputation with
such musical giants as Dizzy Gillespie. Cozy
Cole. Roy Aldridge and Don Redman.
Among his honors is recognition by
Downbeat magazine as best pianist In the first
International Critics Award.

Dr. Taylor has been an outstanding Jazz
spokesman. in the latest of his twelve books.
Jazz Piano. a Musical History. he states that
“Jazz has continued to be the music which
most consistently has expressed American
moods. thoughts and feelings. Jazz.
America's classical music, needs to be better
understood by Americans."

Billy has been instrumental in bringing
about this understanding in many forums. As

 

 

 

 

founder of New York City's "Jazz Mobile.“
he has brought some of the best free Jazz to
New York and to at least fifteen other cities.
He has been Involved In radio and television
as well. WNEW. - WLlB. the David Frost
Show. Sunday. Sesame Street. and Tire
Subject Is Jon are Just a few.of the media

’ ventures he has actively pursued as a Jazz

historian as well as a musician.

He was presented with a Certificate of Ap-
preciation from former New York City
Mayor John Lindsay. and was also given the
key to the city of Cleveland. He has also
received honorary doctorates In the
humanities and music from a half-dozen
schools. as well as earning his own degree In
Musicology from the University of
Massachusetts.

Yet what remains most important to his
fans Is the music that has made Billy Taylor
famous. Of his over three hundred composi-
tions. stand-outs like "We Need Peace. We
Need Love.” “Theadora.” "it's a Grand
Night for Swing" and “1 Wish [Know How It
Would Feel to be Free." which later became
a civil rights theme song. have made him the
epitome of the classical American Jazz pianist
and composer. With this In mind. the Oc-
tober 28 performance by Billy Taylor should
prove to be educational as well as Inspira-
tional to all music lovers who take an Interest
In this “uniquely American phenomenon"
called Jazz.

. With help/ram Jim Mosley

 
   

Jane Ira Bloom Sparkles

s of late there have been few new

soprano sax players of note. Such

distinguished soprano giants as
Steve Lacy. John Coltrane and Wayne
Shorter have been the only maJor Inﬂuences
In these eclectic Jan times. Yet there still re-
mains a need for new talent to proJect fresher
approaches to a somewhat cliche-ridden Jazz
idiom.

Jane lra Bloom is Just such an up-and-
coming soprano talent to soothe this need.
Her latest and most powerful release. Mighty
Lights. Justly intensifies this belief. Sensitivi-
ty. control and maturity far beyond Bloom's
years guide her sound masterfully
throughout each superb composition. A
natural continuum is evident by her ap-
parently effortless phrasings. This ease Is best
exemplified by "Lost In the Stars." where she
charts a smooth course on this gentle. happy
ballad.

The expressiveness of Miss Bloom is
enhanced greatly by the heralded veteran
rhythm duo of bassist Charlie Hayden and
drummer Ed Blackwell. They are In their
usual top form on I Got Rhythm but No
Melody and 2-5-1, the compositions In
which they are allowed the most freedom.
Their ability to expand and Ignite themes and
their knack for communicatlrtg freely have
become their trademarks. Tltls style is a Joy
for arty Jazz lover's ears. Their magnificence
helps fggter Bloom's flights of imagination

 

and spontaneity which give each cut Its
energy.

An added attraction to this already lush
sound is the work of pianist Fred Hersch. Hts
fine supportive playing. very much In the
tradition of the late Bill Evans. completes the
ensemble sound on his selective ap-
pearances. His finest effort Is on the surreal
bop tune "Change Up." where his Interplay
with Bloom is highly creative and his finest
rhythmic qualities are brought to the surface.
He Is also tasteful and sensitive on the Bill
Evans Inspired cut "The Man With Glasses."
and emotional yet beautifully controlled
piece. Hersch's fine supportive qualities
complement Bloom's sound In an economic
and intelligent manner. r

It is significant to mention that although
each Individual's efforts are sterling. the
sound is exceptional when they are brought
together in their ensemble. The truly ar-
resting nature of Bloom's soprano playing
within the unit makes Mighty Lights an
album of note. Her Ideas are continually
fresh and vivid. Such special qualities are a
rarity In today's music market.

Her style is melodic and expressive. yet in
this male-dominated Jazz world. she has
received little public recognition. With such a
fine effort as Mighty Lights. Jane fra Bloom
has won the acceptance of critics. and will
hopefulyr be accepted by the rest of the public
exclusively on the merits of her music. t..i

 

 

OBER 2.5. 1963

 

‘ different stereos while I was in

several different moods. Each ses-

sion created the same effect: none. Boys

Brigade lacks Intensity at almost any level.

They have a diffuse. non~commtta| sound.

and I found that my attention drifted from
the album easily.

Evan Murphy

Boys Brigade is a new Canadian band at-
tempting to break into the new wave dance
market. For the most part, their musicianship
ls mediocre at best. The one exception is
drummer Billie (Bucks) Brock. He has a
distinctive, sharp style that sets ltttn apart
from the rest of the band. The drumming Is
this album's only saving grace. Brock gets
some help from David Porter and Jeff
Packer. who are credited with percussion.

The guitar. bass and keyboards all blend
together to facilitate a non-distinct sound. All
six members are credited with vocals.
Although no one player Is denoted as lead
vocalist. one voice dominates most of the
tracks. Each singer attempts to produce an
enigmatic mood sound a la Heaven 17 or
Yaz. but what he produces Is an emotionless
detached tone. Lyrically. the self-entitled
debut album Is an unqualified disaster. The
entire album is dripping with cliches. There
Isn't a single original or Inventive verse on
the album.

The album begins with a song entitled
"Passion of Love." it seems to be Boys
Brigade's attempt at Men at Work style pop.
but It Just doesn't have the catchy hooks of
that band. "Melody" continues the stream of
cliches. it starts with an echoed rhythm guitar
reminiscent of '60's “Spaghetti Westerns"
sound tracks. The lyrics are semi-chanted.
and at one point. two members sing. “H‘e us-
ed to drink. he used to fight. he used to beat
her every night" like a pair of high school
cheerleaders. it sounds so ludicrous that It
turns out to be gruesomer funny.

“Exodus” provides a break in the sappy
lyrics. since It is an Instrumental. it has an an-
noying. repetetlve beat and i am sure It will
Inevitany be released as an extended dance
single. (there have been so many "extended

I listened to Boys Brigade on two

 

 

  

dance singles" lately that I am expecting
AT&T to release an extended dance single
of the busy signal). "Exodus" sounds faintly
reminiscent of Duran " tran's "Girls on
Film." as well as about a dozen other
popular dance songs. This track reminds me
of those nondescrtpt songs you here when
‘ ' _, disco scenes in television shows.

"Saigon" is a vain attempt at social com-
mentary. There is, however, no real state-
ment made. The chorus Is “in Saigon. in
Saigon." Boys Brigade must think that Just
mentioning a controversial subJect is enough
to constitute social commentary.

“Africa” sounds like a techno-pop version
of the Toto song of the same name. with
lyrics like ". . .a.voIce calling In the wind“
and “. . .anctent mysteries of Africa" litltl
over a synthesizer background. One has to
wonder about any band who steals their
creative Ideas from Toto.

The song "Mannequin" is only worth
tnentloning because that should have been
the name of the band. The last song worllty
of mention Is "Arlger (The Hunter) ." it sport»
a good bass line by Wayne Lorenz. one of
the few times the bass cart be clearly heard it
Is unfortunately plagued. however. by thr-
same unitnaginatlve lyrics that fill both sides
One of the best examples is: "i am a lturttvr
and i will hunt her."

After a couple of listens. the songs on lltt'
album blend together Into one Cottfectlotmty
lump of notltlrtgness, There just isn't urir'
'song that really stands out. There seems to
be a lack of any passion exhibited over iltr‘
entire album. The sound t5 fairly coltesrw
but there is no real chemistry .tntorrg tlti'
members. They have no distinct sound of
their own. Nothing on this rtlbum grrtbs titr-
listener's attention. The members of llom
Brigade could easily have been replaced by
studio musicians and the same sound would
ltave been created. They put too much cm
phasis on sourtding like other bands. rather
than producing a Boys Brigade sound. finch
musician is competent. but no one. with the
exception of drummer Billie Brock. puts
much soul Into his playing. As far as creativi-
ty and commitment are concerned. Boys
Brigade has some growing up to do. i r

 

 BY R.A. HAYES

 

MR. OTIS. HAVING BEEN
FOUND GUILTY. THIS COURT
HA5 Np CHOICE BUT ro
srnrurcc YOU TO DEATH.

 
     
    
     
    
  
    
   
     
    
     
   

   
   
    
    

 

 

   
 
 
     
   
    
   
    
    
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
 
  
  

MIKE SURE YOU PAY IT
EFORE IHEY STRAP YOU
rmo THE (HAiR.

 

 

 

 

      
   
  
   

 

   

 

‘ Reﬂections
On The Third Hour .

thoughts In you that can come at

no other time In the day. These
streams of consciousness are much different
than the thoughts of 11 in the morning or
four in the afternoon. These are the thoughts
that can flow after the big freeze'lmposed
upon the mind by trying to deal with the pre-
sent realtty called life. The vital force of who
we are slowly begins to thaw out after freez-
ing ourselves Into the patterns of everyday
existence. it's a time to delve into the Inside
and wipe out everything else. The brain«
waves change from the consecutive up and
down pace of trying to deal with too marty
things at once. to a slower pace of curved up
and down hills and valleys.

It's funny how 3 am. can Inspire

 

Rina Young

 

.Suddenly one can realize the meaning
behind the statement "i think. therefore i
am." No longer are obJects merely colliding
around in space. in their own separate and
distinct orbits. it‘s taken millions of years of
evolution for the mind to come to the kinds
of thought processes that we now have the
ability to form. Realizing that we have come
this far is the first step upon which the rest
are based. Reﬂecting inward shows us that
there are untapped mental worlds waiting to
come into being. worlds that are still in their
primordial state, Remembrance of things
past. when life started out as liquid space.
llgltt and darkness fused Into one. being artd
nothingness together.

Yet we still ask ourselves what we are.
what defines our existence. is there a
"Supreme Being" that guides us? Or are we
really all alone out there. sending messages
to unconcerned space. tryirtg to hear
ourselves tltlrtk?

That's what it comes down to; we try and
reach out ittto space all of the time so that we
inrty define our own existence through the
presence of others The feedback that we get
from others. whether positive or negative.
gives u shape to the amorphous thought of
the self. When we don't ltrtve people
around. we can sometimes lose this sense of
self altogether.

It's a scary and almost forbidden thought
to perceive ourselves as being (IlUnU. Alone
lit the sense that there is no one to comfort
us itt our aloneness. but left irt solitude rtnd
desolation.

There Is eternal trope that one day we may
firtd other forms of life as we define it. out lit
the blackness of space. Other forms of being
to whom we may communicate our ex-
istence. and give trutlt and validity to our be-
lttg. It's like when we looked toward our
parents for all of our sustinence and ap-

o

Perhaps It is a strong mataphor for what each
of us looks for In the span of a lifetime. Try-
Ing to rid himself of the black void that one
confronts at 3 am. The final
frontier. . .oneself.
There are all sorts of reasons not to make
it to the 3 am. hour: classes. exams.
work. . .and often these are valid. if we
don't take care of the physical. the deteriora-
tion of the mental Is soon to follow. Very
often by this hour on a Saturday nlgltt. we
are so out of touch with who we are. that the
hour Is pointless Itt its goals. One can't hear
anything but the rltytlttttic beat of the music.

The clocks are ticking away at a lifetime
that is slowly unfolding before us. some
quicker than others. The mind can become
very disoriented and start to lead us down
paths of despair artd black space. We define
black as the absense of anything. However.
we can also step Into the realm of self-
reallzatlon and depth of understanding.
Things somehow start falling. or rather drif-
ting. lnto place. One can realize that the light
at the end of the tunnel isn't Just another
train of thought coming at you. but a part of
your life and goal. dreams. hopes and
aspirations belrtg unlocked from the castle of
your unconsciousness. The clock doesn't
stop ticking. but you lose that awareness of
it. The self is in a state of redefinition and tak
ing Inventory. Where are you and what do
you need? Why Is that color so fascinating?
What is behind that obsession of excellence?
Why are you up at three in the morning?

The mind Is expanding towards other
thoughts and new ideas. Slowly you realize
that you ltave come to the point wltere there
is only one person to deal wltlt in your life.
The tttittd has developed enough to direct
your sense of self. The easiest metaphor to
give is that the road Is a bumpy one. but
perhaps even more so than that. is the int-
portancr.l of flndlttg that road. Are we Indeed
on the rigltt J‘Iitfll. or should we have Ignored
that lost rigltt turn? Once you go forward.
going back crttt't ever entirely be the some
rtgoirt. The experience will be there. but the
feeling will llitVL’ changed.

Suddenly it gets very foggy ltt here. the
mind guts overloaded. about due for a rest.
for ct chance to rtssiittilrtte. The space that has
been so easy to fiortt through is slowly
refrcering rtnd gaining back that solidity
which often constrains us The three o'clock
hout moves on. and the exhaustion of the
day settles itt. the way irt wltich grey clouds
settle itt rtfter it long stretch of producing rain.
Having performed their furtction. they are
ready to rest before moving on. The
thoughts settle iii. to be imprinted on the
brain cells. and referred to itt the ntlrtd. l'lcld
over for further contemplation. As the clock
reaches the hour of four. one can almost feel

 

pruval. Now that we are older adults. we still
crave that security to wrap around us.

 

Several (.‘irclus "1123 (Sonic

 

the eventual start of it new drty. and retires to
prepare for it.

 

 

 

Dear John.

I'm sorry to haue to write this. Have you.
and I mean that. but It's just too hard to see
you rtow that you're away. [care about you
a lot but [can't have a long distance relation-
ship like this.
idon‘t want to see you anymore.

suppose the idea for this article
I really started with Jeff. and a ques~
tion i asked him. Jeff is my
sophomore sultemate. wise in the ways of
the collegiate world. and since he was one of
the only upperclassmert i knew personally. It
was logical that he should be the person i ap-
proached with the question.

 

Jo hn Keenan

 

"Jeff." I asked casually one afternoon on
the way to lunch. "do you think a person
could date his old ltigh school girlfriend all
the way through college?"

"No." Jeff answered.

That was quick. And it started the wonder-
ing: 1 mean. why was everybody so sure that
a froslt couple couldn't overcome the hatt-
dicaps of being [If different colleges. and still
continue Lo have (I viable relationship? What
was the horrible bogey lurking somewhere in
the first serttestor that everyone was so sure
would separate the from the girl i know l
love? Growth? Distance? lt'rconvettience?
(All the other girls on Cdlnans?)

It's no secret to rtttyonc attending college
llldl when the St'ptcitibcr following the
senior your of high sr‘ltrtril trillS rurtmtd, d lot
of promises .trc llliltft' between couples who
are sum they love each other so much that
college will ilt'IIL’V separate them it is also
widely recognized flltlf this is youthful inex-
perience speaking. and try its d couple may.
till of these promises ltrtve rtllttUSl no chance
of being kept
l was one of the unlucky Jerks who let
himself fall itt love dtttittg his senior year of
high school. it strategically unsound moon
that i would be sure to regret if I weren't still
so wrapped tip itt this girl that l have trouble
distinguishing ltr‘t’ from "tltcl future Mrs.
Keenan " it's tough to lit? irt love itt high
school, especially if you ltrt|)J)t‘li to he rl
smart, collage-hound senior. lrccrtusv it's
llrlle for Sillrtll. college-bound seniors to in»
gnore the frtct that the odds of lttrtililrlittlilg .t
relationship throughout the four yL'df
separation college represents .trc
t’tSlTUIlUlnlCrll.

So you sec wltcre llltll left IllL‘ two tnunr
tits irtto my freshman yertr. still hopelessly irt
love with .t beautiful girl who lives 100 miles
.twrty. Just wondering when the breakup wits
Coming. And how completely it would
destroy me. Not it good firtittL‘ of rttittd with
wlticlt to rtpprortclt your mid-terms.

So Wliill to do? Obviously. go out rtttd
gather its tttuclt iltfttttttrtflt)” as possible on
freshman relationships and Wllclf kept them
going or caused them to ftlll. .tnd condense
lhitf information into (it) dl'llcltl for the ASP.
This article would then catch the eye of a
noted publisher who would. fit Iurtt. offer me
a two million-dollar contract to continue to
write such depressing stuff for his rttrtgrtriitc.
Existentialism Weekly. and a two hundred
thousand-dollar .tdvunce for it first novel.
This would liiUVL‘ me up three or four lII-
come brackets which. while doing little for
my love life. would lessen the pulp of it
breakup somewhat

St). onward.

The logical first step seemed to be Middle

Dear Freshman

I

deals with freshman difficulties in adjusting to
campus life.

“Breakups are common." l was told.
“Especially around Thanksgiving or the
winter break. in some colleges. the RA's are

r trained to look for signs of depression
around these times."

Middle Earth sees a great many cases of
this kind. and Is currently running a
workshop to enable students to cope with
disintegrating relationships. "We get a lot of
calls on the ltotline dealing with this pro-
blem. too." Ms. Collier added. "Our services
In general are geared to help new students
adJust, and this is often a large part of the ad-
Justment."

i left Middle Earth a little less confused. but
still blissfully unadJusted. Maybe Beth Coller
had explained that i wasn't alone in the way i
was feeling. but she'd said very little about
why a breakup seemed so Inevitable.

My other stop was to the office of Martha
Fitch. who is the co-ordinator of Genesis.
the campus sexual awareness center. Ms.
Fitch‘s view on the erosion of freshman rela~
tionships took four things into account: con-
venience. maturity. timing artd commitment.

in high school." Ms. Fitch stated. "things
have become a little bit too routine. and so
you view a relationship as an enhancement
to your life. However. irt college. the routine
you were so firtttly established itt is broken.
There's more to do; either schoolwork. ac-
tivities. or parties. rttttf ifbecoittes harder and
harder. . .rlllll less and less important. . .to
make time to see your old girlfriend or
boyfriend.

“For a relationship to survive college." M5.
Fitch concluded "there ltas to be a sincere
commitment on both sides to each other.
and an ability to recognize that commitment
as such.

"Most high school students are not emo-
tionally mature enough to rnrtke that kirtd of
corttmitrpent."

Growth. rtpprtrcntly. was it factor: the
development of new interests. the making of
new friends. the very social situations a new
freshman is bombarded with will. fit most
cases. chrtttge his personality enough so that
the promises made itt September .tre wor-
tltless.

Depressing. no? But sirth Fitch's rtnswer
scurried indicative of the response 1 would
receive wlrvicver l wurtt.'| wont bulk to my
good. Sill down itt my room. and for 37
minutes typed out the pages of work which
comprise \Vlldl you‘ve just finished reading
l'itt sitting here tigltt now. trying to figure out
lt way to end the damned thing.

This isn't an intentionally depressing arti-
cle; when i first began researching it. it's
mitirt purpose was to help ttIL’ cope if and
when l was filClMl with breaking up with a girl
i love ldott't really believe Ms Fitch's state-
ment flhll most freshmen are too emotionally
llttlltrtllll’t.’ for commitment. but i do
recognize thrtt rt relationship can't be as
strottg when two people are for apart.

My girlfriend railed tonight and said she
loved me. She also mentioned it guy named
Eugene who wits interested itt her. and
would I Ittirtd if. . ? '

Of course i wouldn't ntlnd. i suppose in
the lust analysis. it is always the freshman
who controls the relationship; with enough
l)(‘ll(.‘f. desperation. tenacity and. of course.
low. titty relationship could conceivably last.

You Edit “love someone to dvrttlt ltt high
school." its Mflfllld Fitch puts it. Obviously.
that rtlortr! is not enough. Wliitl is required is

 

 

littrtlt. the t'riittJtlth r ortrrsr'ling r'utrtet Thutcl

 

 

 

t'orrtntitntertt; something most freshmen arc

talked to lletlt Collier. .t counselor who often l “'li‘l’ll‘ l” Bth'r

 

 

r

 
 
 

wand»... . .L._..4M.-..r~.e..m.

 
  

