  
     
 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

mi...

 

 

 

,, «\‘U. -,

 

 

 

 

—TYPISf NEEDED g

 

 

18 Spun-[s ALBANY STUDENT PRESS u FEBRUARYB, I983

 

 

 

,1 open 8:30-5:30

 

Valentine Flowers .

Yes. we will have roses!
. Order Early!

Our Spec/a! this weekend ls

Valentine A
Arrangements only $7.95 cash & carry

DANKER FLORIST

TWO great locations to serve you betterl

Stuyvesant Plaza
Mon-Fri 9-9pm
Mon-Sat Sat 9-6 Sun 12-5
489-5461 4382202

658 Central Ave.

 

 

Convenient Service
at a Low Price

Starting Tomorrow,
Wed. Feb. 9

DDHBY GEUAUEJZXANUNGB

cﬁ UDUEUAUWIEHBY
$U§EEWUG3D§

Pick-up & Delivery Every

Wednesday & Friday

Dutch Quad
Tower Lobby
4:30 - 6:30

(Minor Alterations)

Look for Discount Coupons

177 N. Allen

 

    

 

 

Cleaning done by
Colonial Cleaners

By. Alan Somldn
STAFF WRITER

 

This was a weekend Albany State junior varsity
basketball‘hcad coach Barry Cavanaugh and his team
will not soon forget.

They blew Schenectady Community College off
their home court with a resounding 106-64 victory Fri-
day night. The next night they returned home and
defeated Southern Vermont College 84-72.

The Schenectady game marked the fifth straight
road game for the .l.V. Danes. After starting off the
roadtrip poorly. losing their first two games, they won
their last three. The victory over Vermont made it four
in a row overall, and gave Albany :1 7-5 record.

"There were so many pleasant things that t can say
about the team's play this weekend." said Cavanaugh.

“()ur defense was very good when we needed it."
They did allow 72 points to Vermont. but when the
game was on the line with six minutes remaining. the
defense stiffened up and only allowed two baskets the
rest of the way.

The rcbortridlng was also very effective. Mike Ottati
(nicknamed the “White Moses" by his teammates
because of his knttck to get rebounds like rebounding
leader of the NBA Moses Malone) dominated the
boards, and when he needed help he got it from for-
wards Mike Cwirko and Jeff (icicr.

Probably the best and most surprising aspect of
Albany's games this weekend was their foul shooting.
Aflcr having a tough tiitic from the foul line earlier iii
the year. they sltot St) for 66 (76 percent) from the lirtc
iii the two games. (icicr was the most cffectivc Dane
front the charity line itittitig 15 for 20.

Albnriy shot very well frotn the floor. but that was
due tiiostiy to the poor defensive play of the opposing
teams. "When all you‘re shooting is layups. your field
goal percentage is bottnd to go up." said Cavanaugli.

Tlic Danes were able to penetrate Scltcncctady's
defense altnost at will and bitilt up a 40-25 lead by
halftime. (icicr connected for it) points iii the half arid
.I.J. Jones made his contribution with five steals.

With the game still iii doubt in the second half. the
Danes put on an 18-7 spurt to pttt the game out of
reach. Ottati scored seven points during that span. in-
cluding a three-point play off an offensive rebound.

The rest of the game was just shooting practice for
Albany as they rolled tip a total of 66 points in the se-
cond half. Sevctt Danes scored in double figures. Cieicr
led the team with to points, Ottati had 15. and Jones
and Bob Hall each scored 12 points.

Albany looked like they were still thinking about
Friday night's victory when llicy hit the floor against
Southern Vermont. Tltcy quickly found themselves
dowrt l0-2 after three minutes of play.

Cavanaugh brought in Doug Kilmer and Outer off
the bench. and they provided the spark the Danes
nccdcd. Albany took their first lead. 22-2l with 9:32 re-
maining iii the half on a steal and layup by Kilmer.

Albany built a 44-39 lead by halftime. Jones con-
ttcctcd for 12 points iii tltc half to go along with his

, pressing defense that caused many turnovers.

Southern Vermont closed tltc Albany lead to one
point. 65-64. with 6:33 remaining in the game. The hot
shooting of forward Joe Byrncs got them back into the
game. .

 

 

ALAN CALEM UPS

Mike Ottati dominated the boards for Albany last
weekend.

But the Danes were once again able to tnrtt it on
when they needed it. Kilmer hit three cltttclt baskets
for the Danes as they cotitrollcd the game the rest of
the way on route to their l2 point victory.

"When you need ltirn the most, ltc comes through
for you." said Cavanaugh of Kilmer.

“l'tit just happy to be getting the playing time." said
a modest Kilmcr. "We have five guards so when you
get into tltc game. you better make the most of it. or
you'll be sitting on the bcitclt for a while."

Kilmer shared game high honors for the Duties with
()ttati and Juries as they each connected for 14 points.
Byrnes was high for the game with 23 points for Ver-
rnont.

“I'm happy with the way we are playing.‘ said
Cavanaugli. “But we can't afford a let dowti because
we have some tough gatncs comiitg tip."

The .l.V. Danes next game is Wednesday night
against the .|.V.ers from Hamilton. The game will start
at 6:30 at University Gym. l l

 

 

   
 
   

 

 

 

 

’—____————__._.__._

In the end, it cantc down to this: a shot
that probably shouldn‘t have gone in. did.
and a shot that probably should have gone
in, didn't. it was that kind of game for the
Albany State women‘s basketball team. as
they suffered a heartbreaking 75-73 defeat
to Plattsburgh State Friday night at Univer-
sity Gym.

With the score tied at 73 and lo seconds
showing on the clock. the Cardinals' Merry
Ducatte unloaded a shot that appeared to
be from somewhere near downtown
Schenectady that hit nothing but nct, giving
Plalttsburgh the lead. Dane guard Rainy
Lcsane then raced upcourt and 'hit Jean
Pollock on the left baseline. The freshman
center's l0-f00ter was halfway through the
hoop before it popped out. and Plattsburgh
had a hard-fought 2-point win.

“They did exactly what i told them to
defensively. “said Albany head coach Mari
Warner. referring to the game-winning
shot. “i told them to make Platisburgli
shoot frotn outside. Sltc (Ducatte) only had
one basket rind two foul shots before that.
It was just tt beautiful shot."

Unfortunately for the Danes, the game
probably shouldn't have come down to the
last I0 seconds. as they held a lead in dott-
blc figures for a good part of the contest.

Alhariy opened up art lit-4 lcad iii the
opening 6 minutes. as Nancy Wtirtdcrliclt
had tltc hot liatid. The freshman forward
had eight of the first ltl points. including
three long jutttp shots. in addition to her
line shooting. Wundcrlich arid Ronnie Pat-
lcrstm controlled the boards. and after a
layup by Diane l’crnattdcs the Danes had a
35-lll lead with six itiitttttcs rctiiaittitig ill the
half. But l’lattsburgh came back with a lull-
court press and a fast break. to what was a
sign of things to come. Cardinal forward
Atttic Slattcry hit botlt ends of a l-attd—l
from the fotil linc. narrowing the Albany
lead to 45-37 at halftime.

thridcrlicli led the Danes with 13 points
and scvcti rebounds in the first 20 minutes,
while Patterson and Rhea Edwards had
seven points each. Patterson also pullcd
down five rcboutids.

The second half will bc remembered by
Albany for a lotig timc as the Atttic Slattcry
Show. The Cardinal junior ltit for 16 of her
game high 22 points. hitting from all angles

‘  $379323?!th famous-n ram-g. ~ re.”  ..

 

. FEBRUA R’)’ 8, 1983 l - ALBANY S TUDEN T PRESS  19

 

 

 

ALAN CALEM UPS

The cagers sutlered a heartbreaking defeat Friday losing to Plattsburgh 75-73 at

home.

and mostly front outside. Slattcry almost
singlchandcdly brought Plattsburgh back iii
the game as they narrowed the margin to
58-57 at 9:29. But Fernandcs hit two big
ttutsidc shots in a row for Albany. and thc

Gymnasts suffer first loss

By Mark Wilgard
Slztll HRH!!!

The Albany State women‘s gymnastic
team went itito their match on Saturday
against llrockport an undcfcatcd 6-0.

Myrna inst doesn't fall,“ l)l1\‘£ll-S|1lllul7t.'
said.

(tinny l.oclmttn led the Danes witlt a se-
cortd plttcc l'ittislt ill the tlll~ttl‘ttlltttl competi-
tion. scoring 3|.35. lilainc (ilyttn was
fourth willt 21 smile of 30,8. and llrclttln

 

lead was 64-59 with 7:50 to go its Ilic (.‘ar-
dinitls called for Iirric.

A jitnipct' by Slattcry starlcd another run
by l’lattsburgh as they took tltcir first lead
of the grime. 67-66. at lltc 5:30 mark. Slat-

of season to

 ' a?! w.p.m. J.V. Danes have winni'ngjwe’eken‘d Women cagers lose heartbreaker to Cardinals

lead of tire game with another long bomb.
ripping the margin to 73-68 with 1:35 to
play. However. Albany would not quit.

A length of the court layup by Lcsane
tied the game with 40 scconds left. and the
Cardinals called timeout [0 seconds later.
setting the stage for Ducattc's heroics.

Lcsane led the Danes with 17 points and
did a good job of running the offense from
her point guard position. Wundcrlich chip-
ped in with is points. while Fcrnandes add-
cd to and Patterson 9.

After the game. Warner said the dif-
ference was the Cardinals‘ outside shooting
and their ruttrting game. "The second half
was typical Platlsburgh: outside shooting
and a fast brcak. They beat our press. and
then We went back into our zone and they
hit their otttsidc shots. That was really the
difference."

Despite the tough loss Warner emphasiz-
ed the fact that the team couldn't let the
game discourage them. "This was the first
of four difficult games for us. and we can't
let this loss bring its down. After all. we're
ll-3 and that is nothing at all to be ashamed
of." (‘crtainly not. and the Danes respond-
cd tltc next day by posting an impressive
59-47 road win at Vassar.

Albany had it poor shooting first half. ac-
cording to Warncr, as they trailcd at inter-
mission 24-23. “they were cold frotn tile
floor. but that bad to be crpcctcd since they
were playing lltcit second game iti less than
24 hours."

lit the second hall the Danes came out of
their inntt-Io-ntttn dclensc. pressured tltc
ball all otcr tltc court. and started to hit
their slltils, at our- point opening up a
20-point lead. "We played a strong second
lttill," Warner said. “Our pressure really
bothered them. It \tc had played like that
the whole way. tltc score wouldn‘t have
been that close."

Lcsane crippcd scoring ltonors for the
third game in a tow, billing for it points.
Nancy Grasso added nine and Jean Pollock
ciglit.

Witlt their rccord now at 12-3. the Danes
arc oti tltc road for two games this week.
They travel to Hamilton on Thursday and
Price on Saturday. hoping to stay on the
winning track bcl'otc tlic (‘apttal District
'l'ottrnamcnt at St. Rose on February l8
and l9, 1 l

Brockport

 

 

 

    

 

 

 

 

     
   

   
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘1 Although they left the meet with their first Armstrong took fifth place witlt it scot‘c ol
      loss of the ycar. it wasn't because they 30.65. I ockmitn also finished iltird on the
didtt'l perform well. balattcc ltcittn (Hi) and (ilyttn finished
V ' I Albany's scored of l53.75 was tltc highest third iii the floor cxctciscs 18.3).
, I point total iii the history of the school.
H llowcvcr, Brockport tallicd thcir' high score lll‘tlL‘LDUll won three cvctils by two point
of tire ycar, 16l.25. to nail down the vic- each. and it fourth event by only one point.
lory. The scores were curemcly bunched tip and
7 A couple of unfortunate incidents led to tight. The difference itt Iltc match might
I‘ . lltc Great Danes defeat. During the war- have been tltc dcsirc oflltc lttockport senior 1' ' ' .
' ' ntttps before the meet. freshman Karcn gymnasts. l)tt\’ltl-Spillttltc pttitttctl out that - . ’
5 littllcy injured her anklc. Ilcr place in the “this was the last meet for a couple of  .
l' ' llttc-ttp was taken by anotltcr freshman, them. and they were really psyched tip to do n   I - i I i
‘ ’ Karen Thomasctt. Coach l’at Duval- well." She also noted that “if Karen was
 ~   coupon you  receive Spillane was pleased with her performance. healthy, and they would have gotten tltcir  ' ‘
l any foot'long sandWlCh for 99‘ “She did a good job for its. She hadn't a regular score. wc until“ “1ch “UH-H I  % V
i . I chance to do a whole routine, so her scorc l)ll\itl-S|‘tllll|llL’ added that "i still lil\‘c DAVE ASHER UPS
5 : when you purchase another of was only 6.3. liut tltc ttticvctt bars here are rtot ptit itt my strongest linc-up. Wit?” l “W , . . , . .' n ~i Cortl-ind l'tst Saturday and built the Inuit ttlld
‘ I comparable value at the usual different than the ones we ltavc back at lthittk we're capable of scoring |55 points. lltc Albany lhtttt: Sbvtl‘lllc t t " -
. listed price 0" ' mm n 3/1 1/83 home. This was foreign lt‘t‘l‘lltit'y.. but we ()vcriill. l‘m very pleased." ' M I “9019‘” 5 .lL“““H”-‘ Snub“. ;>l:“|‘l‘;‘(‘alvll 10C Shuw w“an surmised by me In” Ow
 . . ( . a mug '—’—_-—' did it good job adjusting ottr grip to the Alliain has two ntccts bclorc their big “it. “it” * '“llnfvfﬂ I” ‘I ml 1nd "mu! mmum lunch [.mmclmlwhl “wc‘m
’ u ' Redeem  bms'" """C'ml’ “Lining Km'm‘ sum. mm Mumdilir Hum] “ 5| ll)“ 1c“l hll'mmfr ll?"l‘ilcll‘” Sliorc noted. lit the HMO tttctcl freestyle Frank
lit. Al‘mllk‘l' bud broilk l0" Allllllll’ “Wu'l'c‘l SW“ ”" “mm” [9' “mlgm' “my hm" I‘ll“. u m“ gm“ rill-l“ C(ll- L ) ' ‘k-tibush sw'im his scitson‘s best in the 200 meter
fl" . wltcn Myrrin llctli Kin' had two falls on lltc Ncw Pain, and Saturday they will lie Ironic ( "MC." 5“"“" lll'l’ ' ' ' Ln" U‘MLN“ ' _ '. ‘ _ ‘ ' . . ‘. , ‘ I, ‘. 4
’ inl- I,” l .. H'rl  ,. . ..,..l . l. .l “mm Kings (“new .uul MIT i . ltccstylc and tell lxcnncdy came irt Inst DlﬂLC tn tltt 200 lllLlLl tttdt\ttltt.tl medic) “Hit a
 r d ct )Ldtii. iost were tiltcxtu u. .g. In“. I t I . - i 1  'I ‘d
i The men's relay team had a surprise writ with n 3.27 lllllL. ()ttatktnbusli. l\Ll\lIL y.
it i I liill Mcir. and Tom llttndy swam for tire Darius itt thatgllast rclay ol I‘ll‘L; input. n
' ‘ AMV COHEN up . ~ . i . ' t' -i i . t 1‘ to Cortland, 64-50. .‘ tore cx Wclct its ass as we .
' ' The Great Dane Fan ol the Week award goes to a senior Year." the trio said as they watched Albntisy    —— “Tlhhf ringllt‘lilziz‘)“: l$31.33“?18:01.”). mydwd up. wet“. hm]. m, ambit Drama. 1,“
g!  4 . _ 7V trio of seniors thls week. Alan Myers. Larry Ulman defeat Stony Brook. Saturday night. . wot-iii liesaid. I l I " '
g 2 Am."c. ' Fun“. Foo. Lona su'dWIch ﬁshing“   gancnhgq‘.” Us?” lilfccoagrwd inc bcsi game "Icy ever “Md” Tammorrow evening [he Danes lake 0" Plansmlrgh I" Among the women who swam well were (.‘htirc Woodltcutl in the 500 tnctcr race with
J  1  W A ' ' g g h ‘ l y es“ W ’ we?“ y ym win [he mplc (“lemme bumc wuh ‘ ‘ '1 'm (I ﬂaw fit (/1? SUN Y/l C'EUSI- ii litth of 5;45.4. Sue littss wort iii the lot) and 50 meter breaststroke. and Jane l\l0tl. did
estem Venue studies at Albany four years age. t otsdant. two years ago. the showdown for set i I ‘ H" in 1 "mm diving with 156 l poms.
  Central Avenue .Thc lhrcc. can usually be rou'nd mung dlrccuy "a?" Human we 10'“ "ml onc' it Wm “" “"m’lng The gum“ sums m 8:3" i" Ulllvmny (lym‘ M'l‘ltc women's team takes on l'lartwick tomorrow itt what Shore df'scrlbcd Hf Ha tough
EV . btltind me more” lublc' [mufﬂer [our rows “p' 3mm" may Sula“ liil/ mud gumcj' ‘l‘lic tiictt will face a very tough opponcnt. the University ot Vcrtnonl
. . We are hoping for a big finish for the Danes in our —Marc Scltwitrr. which ‘5 “ Division 1 mam. -llise Levine

 

 

 

 

 

   

urn v v, it. .i‘   \-

 

