  

 

p  0H»,

Step Into
My Parlor

 

DHi guys, hope you had a glorious weekendl I know I did, but .

well, that’s just me. Went to a divine party Friday night. . .Cloud
made an absolutely scrumptious punch, and the music was
wonderful. . . we all did the latest dance craze, thank God, our
darling Mr. Rafal taught it to us before the rest of the world
learns it, the “Rob” as it is affectionately called. Well anyway,
all the gang was there, and, well, I don’t know about you, but if
you did happen to miss it, you missed one sparkling event. By the
way, the infamous “Password” Odd Couple was on Friday night
which we caught before the party and needless to say, it was a
classic event. Girls, I think we can all agree that good ole Fat and
Osc never looked cuter than when they’re on the stage with Alan
Luden. What heroes! Anyway Saturday morning wasn't really
seen since our cscapade the evening before didn’t end until the
wee hours (boy can Chris dance. . .for those of you that would
like to check that solid man out, turn to our annual event, yes
that one and only Bachelor-Of-The-Month Contest, featured in
this very issue.) Though it snowed Saturday night, it didn’t stop
us, party animals that we are. . .Ms. Rogers had her Beach Party
that appropriate night, and was it wonderful. We saw all kinds of
extremely neat fashions that night, Kenny looked absolutely darl-
ing in his Ferrari sunglasses, and well, Jordan looked exceptional
in his sweats which didn’t stay dry for very long, if you know
what I mean. You don 't? Well too bad. Only those who went to

that great party can understand. To continue, Sunday morning

    

Cover and inside photos (If/illt' by Mr. Will Yurlnan UPS

 

 

 

Lucinda Norbert’s

AGONY COLUMN

0. The product ol a wealthy Westport, Conn. lamlly, Marcus was a rebel.

We fall In love shortly alter we met one line spring day on the Yale campus
where we were both juniors. Whlle his parents wanted him to be a doctor, Mar-
cus wanted to be a writer. He rejected his family's wealth, requiring few world-
ly possessions. He dressed In rags and ate just enough to keep himself lrem
starving. The lrlends he surrounded himself with were all from the ar-
tlstlwrltarlavante guarde set.

He expressed his lesllngs for me In a lovely, poetic way that just swept me
all my feet. Against both our parents wishes, we started living together. I drop-
ped out of Yale and took a job as a waitress to support him. He was working
teverlshly on his novel. Times were tough but the moments when he'd take a
break and we'd laugh and make love were what made It all worth while.

l was so engrossed In our love that I never noticed his rapidly deteriorating
health. Marcus got very sick and I took him to the hospital. Two weeks later I
wept at his bedside as he passed from this world.

My first question Is, what should I wear to his funeral? I have a beautiful war-
drobe — Sachs, Bloomingdales. Lord and Taylor, etc... which would please his
parents. But on the other hand. all his artist lrlends will be there decked out In
jeans and sweatshirts. Help me. which way do I turn — blue jeans or Bloom-

Ingdales?
Secondly. do yOu think I should bring along the pre'med student I've started

seeln ? .

A. Beigween two extremes you will always find a middle ground. Here you can
find that center line with your parents' checkbook and a quick trip to Bloom-
lngdales. The Norma Kamall sweatshirt llne gives you that "artsy" look for a
big pricetag -—— you get the rage and you’va got the tag. His friends will see a

 

P—VVorn sweatshirt; his mother will see—maﬁtoomlngdale—s label. *‘

was rathe ice. Girls, one word of advic I. You really should de-
mand that your man make you breakfast Sunday morning, after
all, you are special. Us over at 182 Ontario were royally treated
when Oaky wined and dined us that cozy morning. It was truly
adorable of him to cook Pete and Joe and Lee and me breaky-
breaky. Absolutely delish, if you know what I mean. To con-
clude this phenomena] (Sorry, but I adore superlatives) weekend
was the all-nighter I pulled with Craig (another Bachelor beauty,
please check him out) and Rick. Yes, we did study our German
Expressionist plays (and who says we’re not artsy) all night.
Thank God for Pizza-To-Go, although the company was once
again, divine. We’re all very big on expressionism, you know.
Last but not least, I hope that you all went to Rock Night last
night, if you didn’t you missed the last of our Bachelor Beauties,
Joe, the infamous Program Director at WCDB. Shame on you if
you missed it. I want to especially thank Boomer for his faithful
help and much needed support and Mr. Andy Carroll for all his
warm inspiration, ingenious ideas and' patience. Hope you all
have a glorious day, and by all means have a nonblah weekend.
Forever,

  

 
    

 

Our cover girl this issue is the lovely Alena Alexis, recently
discovered last year in France, while Roman Polanski was filming
his latest flick Frightened. Alie (as she prefers to be called) lives in
Manhattan now and has graced the covers of many fashion
magazines. Alic loves all types of music, especially hard corc
punk rock, Eno, and Indian Chant Music. She avidly reads and
writes poetry. Frequently she will quote Dostoevsky; as Alic puts
it, “We always see reality as we, in a preconceived notion, want
to interpret it to ourselves.” Good Luck, Alic.

As for your "Medical Man," leave him at home and take care ot him later.

0. Dad lelt home when l was very young. Well actually, I think Mom threw him
out. I was only six years old at the time.

Alter that, I never saw my lather. All I remember mom saying about him was
that he was “no good" and that I should forget about him. She even threw
away all the pictures ol him. I managed to salvage one that I kept hidden In my
dresser draw under my panties — mom always made me wash my own.

That photo became my father. Often i'd lay on my bed staring at that photo
and tried to Imagine what he'd really be like.

In the meantime l discovered I had talent In acting. I also discovered I had an
attraction for older men, which can give a teenage girl a mighty bad reputation
in her home town.

Anyway, that town was getting to be a real drag. As soon as I graduated
from high school I moved out to LA. where I worked as a clerk In a department
store while landing a couple minor parts with a local acting company. While I
escaped my home town, I never escaped my need for older man.

One night alter a very successful debut at the Circle 9, we went to
McMillan's Ior a little celebration. I met the nicest man. He was thouglitlul.
conclderate and had a great body besides. We ended up at my place where we
made love. it was great.

Two days later. I ran on to the picture oI my father. The strangest Ieetlng
game over me: That man was my lather! — maybe a little grayer, but It was

in.

Now, most women would be disgusted and abhorad but to tell you the truth.
I'd like to see him again. What should i do? And If we do get together, should I
tell him that I'm his daughteﬂ

A. Honey. while Sigmund Freud wrote about the Electra Complex. he never

said anything was wrong with ItI Start lrequentlng McMillan's a little more

often and go for your “ultimate older man"!

" As lortthe details about your "special relationship," keep It as your own III-
e secre .

    

 

 

Small

 

 

Music To Make
Love By

by Douglas Whitney

EIYou'vc done it! You’ve managed to attract, bait. and ultimately pick up that
gorgeous member of the opposite sex. You, and-or hc-shc have just paid the tab. and
you re on the way out the door. Who's place are you going to? If the answer is yours,
then this article is for you.

You’re at your place now. Try to divert their attention front the dirty socks and
unmciittonablcs that litter the floor. Stccr them away from the cat‘s litter box, filled to
the rim with something other than Brim. Things start going well. The wine is chilled but
you re not. In fact, you're absolutely balling (and they are too, hopefully). All eyes turn
towards the bedroom, or a chair, or the floor, or the tub; depending on how advcn-
turous you are. You put on some tunes, all seems fine, and then suddenly cvcrytlilng
comes to a screeching halt. Things go limp and dry up. You both turn to ice. At best
what follows ls mediocre; at worst. damn embarrassing. What happen? It just may turn
out that the musical vibes quashed your sex drives.

Music plays an enormous, although vustly underestimated rolc in our lives. Tliliik
about it» scarcely a minute goes by where we don‘t hear some sort of music. It deter-
mines our moods, feelings, emotions, etc. Yet somc people treat music as an unimpor-
tant accssory when it comes to sex. This is wrong! Music isjusl as if not more important
than leather goods, gels. belts, and all the other goodies that make sex the most
popular indoor sport next to Yahtzee. The purpose of this article is to! teach you
all, male or female, on how to enlist music as u pchrftil ally in the Battle of the
Bedroom. Follow my instruction, and you'll score more than Pele playing against an
open net. .

First, the best music means nothing if your stereo just can't cut the mustard. Guys,
stop wasting your money on season tickcts-- spend it on a good tape deck. And Ladies--
slop polluting the air with all that crappy perfume. Invest in a good cartridge. A good
system can mean the difference between it kiss goodnight and a kiss good morning

O.K. You‘ve got a good stereo, and no one but you and your pnrtncr(s) can hear it.
What now? What is the best type of music to make love to (with?) The answer to that
question is dependent on your style. Do you like it first, furious and powerful? The new
generation of European Synilio-Pop has it driving bent, one that chullctigcs even the
most physically fit. Love and Danclng, by the Lcuguc Unlimited Orchestra, has been
known to bust the aortas ofdccuthalon runners, so it my uiiiiliiliatc you wcckciid jocks.
The risk of heart attack is usually much higher in males, for obvious reasons, so if you
ladies are really sclfisll and-or during, demand that your man plunk some disco down on
the turntable. You may have a hearty laugh watching his face turn various shades of
purple. 0n the other hand, if the man has exceptional stamina, it may be tlic female
who throws in the towel ﬁrst. All in all. beat-heavy music makes for some interesting
possibilities, don‘t you think? If you both like to sing, perhaps Berlin's "Sex" would fit
the bill. I would definitely not rcccommcud GrandMustcr Flash and the Furious Fivc's
“The Message". This tale of inner-city tragedy could turn the hornicst people into
weeping socialists.

What if you and your partner are into a slower, morc bucolic pace? There's plenty of
music to satisfy yott, too. The Bolero might be a perfect fit. My god, if it worked for
Dudley and Bo, it'll work for you. Stay away from Pink Floyd, botli early and rcccnt.
The early stuff is just too damn weird, and the more recent offering are too dark and
niliilistic to promote anything other than nuttqu suicide. Jazz can be just what the doc-
tor ordercd when it comes to finding something slow btit not comatose. Tlicrc's so
riiucli jazz out there that literally years of good sex music await you.

Where should you get this music from? For god's sake, stay away from AM radio,
unless you and your partner get off on car commercials. FM radio isn't much better, un-
fortunately. Commercials arc everywhere these days although the FM brand may be II
little more mellow. College radio offers an FM altcriiativc, and it's quite good, in fact.
Don’t expect to ilL'tII’ any jazz, however. Tapes offer the best choice when it comes to
music-- you don't have to get up every 20 minutes to turn it over, it'll iicvcr skip. and
there are no commercials. So stop being clicap, and go out and buy a deck and some 90
minute tapes. You’ll lind it well worth your while.

The rules l'vc dcscribcd are aimed at the "average" type of consumer. If you occupy
the fringes of our society, then some other postulates may apply. For example, if you're
not too sure of the gender of your partner, Culture Club may be the best thing you can

‘ find. Ilich any of you figured out exactly who! Boy George is? For that matter, David
Bowie could occupy about four different categories before the masses found out about
him.

I‘ll now dciil with the largest category
Lindbergh and Amelia Earhart. Don‘t be
the fact that you don't have to spend any money
Musically, there are an infinite number of possibilities, so relax and
make sure that the door is locked.

If there's aiiyoiic lcl't. thcii Spvcls is definitely not the mag for you. We can't deal
with anything less conservative than (i-strings and (I-spols. A walk through skid “W.
or along 42nd Street, may ilid you iii your scorch for whatever you're scorching for. I'll

see you there!

of you, those who would identify with Charles
depressed, all you solo pilots. Tnkc comfort in
to cross the DCCIIII, if you get my drift.
enjoy yourself. Just

 
   

Opinion  _ 

by Mark Stevenson

Will Yunnan UPS

   
 
  
  
  
 

[JWc'rc till sitting in it low-kcy. sub-seduction, sub-litiiiitiii bur. itiid by my side sits
Vcronicu, licr exceptionally large hrcilsls resting just lightly on the table like prize
melons out ol'some demented 4-” dream from my rural past. I fch like it Yokcl. too, its
I can't believe what's going on here. My every word. my shoddicst joch have become

pearls of wit to her. She laughs. fuwns, strokes. poses, and with every movement slit: is
convincing me that I am scducin

g her. I know I'm not being that funny. I know I
wouldn't want to seduce her as surely us I know that l

icl' devoted boyt‘iicud. my friend.
is sitting just one chuir itwny watching us with jctlloiis liuwk eyes,

i

u ragédﬂgm‘

lions.
L

My Life
In Clothes

by Andy Carroll

EIchrcts‘. . .ycah, I’ve had a few. Like every outfit l'vc ever bought for myself, every
pair of shoes I ever carried out of a store thinking they were beautiful, every gnarly
eyeglass frame which looked great In the T55 Opticlc Shoppe but turned to instant Roy
Orbison as soon as I hit daylight. I could go on (and l have), but the point is clear: if
clothes make the man. then I spent the '705 as a discount- rack at Alexander's.

More About My Thighs and Feet Than You Ever Wanted To Know

Two vital statistics: 26 inches and It) and a half EEE. Do you know what It means to
buy Levi's when each of your thighs has a circumference only six inches narrower than
your waist? It means that you have to buy pants with at waist size some two to three In-
ches larger than you need In order to account for the drcndcd “Danskln effect" which
would normally occur in the vicinity of the inner thigh, and the equally abhorent “star-
burst" pattern which emerges in a pentagon circling about your crotch. The trade-off
for the Danskln and starburst effects is tlic phenomenon known as “gripping,” which
occurs after the belt has been drawn tight. Look up the word “crcnclatlon” and you'll
have a good idea what I mean, or rush to your nearest feed store and check out an open-
cd sack of rice.

Now to my feet, those seductive little bastards. First the Creator blessed me with what
is really a respectable shoe size: l0 and a half. Not petite, mind you, but small enough to
make tragic the fact that my instep is nearly as wide as my foot Is long. It wasn't until I
started going to the beach that I learned that the human foot is not round. The
sliocstorc should have tipped me off, I itdmlt, especially when my mether would ask for
something in a “husky” size while barely concealing a wink.

Two Things My Father Says Whenever I Buy My Own Clothes

I) “You like those better than pants?"

2) "What's the matter, Thom McAnn wouldn't sell you the box?"

‘ The Worst Sarlorlitl Mistake I Ever Made

Letting my father choose the socks i should wear to my brother’s wedding. Never a
candidate for a GQ cover. my father tells me that one's socks should match onc's lie.
The result is a wedding album filled with pictures of the hrotlier-in-Iuw with burgundy
socks pecking bcncutli gray slacks.

The Second Wontl Surlorlal Mistake I Ever Made

Lcttliig my father choose the suit I would wear to my brother's wedding. At Sear‘s.
The result is a wedding album filled with pictures of tlic brother-in-law in a flame»
retardant, charcoal colored creation, with rcvcrsiblc vest and an extra pair of slacks.

Do You Know What Happens at Sam's Io Pants Which Don't Sell?
They become an extra pair of slacks in their charcoal-colored suit with reversible vest.
Why I Hate My Brother's Niece
For asking, “Who's the guy in the red socks?"
More About My Feet

Maybe you don‘t understand the agony that is EEE in a D-widtli world. Try this: the
next time you walk to school, do so not on the sidewalk, but on the curb. Next, go Into
the shoe slorc and ask for their special curb-walking sneakers. They'll do one of three
things:

I) Laugh.

2) Laugh and try to sell you the next biggest size.

3) Laugh and tell you to ask Thom McAnii to scll you the box.

The Worst Shoes I Ever Bought

Rcmcmbcr platform shoes? All right. kccp it down. Do you also remember Kclso
litirth Shoes? Isairl that's enough! Now let's talk about my bnr mitzvuh.

'I‘licrc's ii praycr we chs iiitoiic ctich Passover. and It includes the refrain rlayenu.
Roughly lrnnsltucd, it I'llL‘llilS “It would have been enough." Let me show you how it
works in relation to my bur niilzvuh:

If God had sent me to the El Matador Bttrbcrshop on the boss's day off, dayenu.

If God had sent me to the lit Mutiidor Barbershop on the boss’s day off, and not on
the day that his Spanish-speaking cousin was taking over, rlayenu.

If He had sent me on the day that the boss‘s Spanish-speaking cousin was taking over,
and not ill the moniciit wlicn I’cpc decided to “experiment yust a lcctlc," daycnu.

If He had sent me to the lciiiplc with Lconurd Nimoy's haircut, and without the Roy
Orbison eye glasses, (layenir.

If He had sent me to the temple with the Roy Orbison frames, without allowing the
tailor to scorch my new still the day before, (layelitr.

if He had sent me to the the temple in the ill-fitting replacement suit without those
shoes, dayenu.

If He had let me make the mistake of wanting platform shocs, without letting me buy
those platform earth shoes, D/l YENU/

()nc Lust Thought on My Life In Clothes

Did you ever notice how rcitlly disgusting it is when guys bend over to reveal not only
thc waistband of their underwear. but a quarter-inch of their behinds as well? That only
had to happen to me once (and we're talking fifth grade) for me never to have lct it hap-
pen again. Some men do this every day of their lives! And you wonder why there's a
.I.C. l’cnitcy's.

I

 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  

My mind continues to stray over Veronica iii vnrious positions, and I realize how
crazy she's making me. Making some Irilc excuse I relinquish my scan and flcc this siren.
When I return licr borfricnd mercifully has co-optcd my scat. He has obviously been
bothered by this little pantomime, so why did he take it? And why is this woman flir-
liiig with me, driving a sensitive, (lcvotcd man crazy?

I'm convinced this isn't on isolatcd incident. Why do women do these things? is there
it crucl streak in them? Rcvciigc'i Instability? The front WIIVC of thc licmiiiist Rcvolu- ;
lion? And why was I being used to compromise a male friend?

As I Sill next to Jim. Veronica's boyfriend, I determined that we men should band
together against fcmiiiiiic exploitation of men. A sort of gciitlcmcii's iigrccmcnt — I
won‘t ﬂirt with your girl, you don't Ilirt with mine. [hit with Veronica's breasts hanging
in from of my eyes like hallucinatory buskcthnlls, my good intentions wciikciicd.

If we agree llllll tionc of us mules can trust each other, then how do we prevent em- '
burrnssiug sccucs like this one? Perhaps if .Iiiii wasn't such a sweet. affectionate puppy-
dog, Veronica wouldn't enjoy torturing him so? lint where does that lcnvc those of us
who have spent the lust few years trying to be sensitive imd open to the desires of our
women? The fiqu and most effective thrcnl is “I'm leaving - I don‘t have to hike this."
Obviously. Jim lind given up that thrcnl hing ago.

The best relationships, l‘vc found, are like Lituru itnd Stcvc’s. Most of Steve‘s male
friends are gay and most of Liiurit's female friends are also guy. No tcmplittion or inno-
ccitt flirtation cvct' nrlscs to either one of them in any of these ciiibiirrilsitig situations. '

3a

 
 
  
 

