 

 

 

E_D

w

 

ITORI

A L

 

 

AlcOhol policy is incoherent!

really missed all his college buddies in Albany. and

J oey was all excited about getting back to school. He
just couldn’t wait to see how they were doing. Joey

decided that throwing a party for his friends would be a ‘

great idea. He wanted to make sure everyone would show
up. so he knew that serving alcohol would be a sure attrac-
tion.

Joey had heard about a new alcohol policy on campus. so
he wanted to check with the residence staff on what pro-
cedures to follow. First he went to the Resident Assistant.
who wasn't quite sure on how to interpret the policy. Joey
next went to his dorm director and also his area coor~
dinalor. and they too were trying to figure out exactly what
the policy meant.

Finally. Joey sought out the source of the policy. the Of-
fice of Residential Life. There he met up with the co-author
of the policy and director of the Office John Martone.
Martone is the man who has said that this policy is really
nothing different than what has been in the past. “just
more clearly outlined." Martone also said. however. that
this new policy “should have been more clear."

Concerned students like Joey must be very confused. irr-
deed it seems confusion and contradiction are the only
understandable affects of the University's present interim
Alcohol Policy (see story page one).

Aside from explaining some of the legalities involved in
not sewing alcohol to those persons under l9 years of age.
the policy includes some questionable and incomplete
guidelines as to how campus residents should conduct their
alcohol consumption.

The policy states that groups sponsoring events where
alcohol is to be served must obtain licenses and permits re-
quired by the State Liquor Authority. the City of Albany,
and University regulations. it does not explain what these
licenses and permits are. where to get them. or how much
they cost. According to the rules. alcohol is permitted in in-
dividual student suites and rooms for the “reasonable con-
sumption" of the residents of that suite or room and their
guests. What is meant by reasonable consumption and how
many guests are allowed is anybody's guess. The list of am-
biguities goes on.

Fortunater the Residential Life Office and the Students
Affairs Department have realized their mistake and are
holding back on enforcing the policy until the guidelines
can be more fully explained. Vice President for Student Af-
fairs Frank Poguc predicts a perrrrnncrrt policy might not be
put into effect until as late as fall of 1984. Alcohol policy
for the present lras been left up to the discretion of the
residence staff. wlralevcr that means.

Unfortunately. the instructions to post the interim policy
given to all Residence Assistants has yet to be rescinded.
Thus the confusion as to the meaning of the policy con-
tinues. Residence Assistants who received the policy just
one day prior to the opening of the residence halls are still
attempting to decipher the guidelines and explain them to
their students.

The Student Association, who also received the policy
one day before dorms opened. is also trying to figure out
what the policy means. Their question. however. deals
more with the most obvious concern of all. Why was stu-
dent input not sought? Martone admitted that only he and
one other staff member worked on the policy.

Poguc has now set up a task force made up of students
and administrators that will start anew on a coherent carn-
pus alcohol policy. Why the interim policy was ever
distributed is inconceivable.

Two questions that must be addressed by the task force
trrc the necessity of an alcohol policy and whether it can be
enforced. Tltc task force should take into account the past
nine months in which no specific alcohol policy cxistcd.
These and other considerations still need to be examined
before the issue of rrrr alcohol policy can be resolved. I l

 

C

 

O L U M

N

 

 

Many doors few openin

As most all of you are probably familiar. there has been
an act so directly war-like. so terribly vicious. that no at-
tempt to soften its implications can be made. This i speak
of is the Korean Airline Massacre. as it has been dubbed by
the press in recent weeks. i am not going to discuss the
possible reasons for this crime or the right and wrongs that
are being tossed about in the press. but rather what critics
and laymen must realize are the pressures this situatin un-
covers in these days of the Cold War.

. Lane

For most of this century America has been anti-
Bolshevik. the group that won out aftrer the Communists
came to power in Russia. Communism. as it reads in
ideology. is quite attractive but in application it has come to
be another term for tyranny, as in the Eastern Bloc coun-
tries. That is not to deny that the United states hasn't had
its incidents in the past and present that it can have no pridc
about. but that just shows that it is not the ideology but the
people in power‘ who implement it that characterize a
political ideology.

The Cold War. as the condition that characterizes Soviet-
Amcrican relation post-World War ll has come to be call-
ed. has never been one of bullets and bombs. but rather the

 

 

threat of them. This has thus led to the United States
threatening the Soviets with the atomic bomb to impress
them in 1946. then to Poland. Czechoslovackl. and
Hungary by 1948. The moves since then are history but they
are also part of the biggest and most lethal ganre of chess
that has ever been played —— the Cold War. Most of these
incidents cost lives. directly and indirectly. but what are
lives in this game? in this war it does not matter. those are
numbers, merely numbers. and any ltistory student. or
anyone who reads. reads about not hundreds but millions
dying every day. so 269 more lives are less than nothing. i
do not want to appear hardhearted, each of those people
had happy. loving lives. but they died in a move by one of
the two powers who control this earth today. (Note: My
mother intror’ d me to a young doctor and his doctor
wife. both K0. .tt. and their child. The couple was return-
ing to set up their practise in Korea after five years here.
finishing their degrees. They were on that plane.) So when
people throw numbers around in discussions abut nuclear
Weapons, this kind of information should be noted. Lives
do not count to those in power.

Now. what will America do to atone for this incident?
What can it do? Lets say. an embargo. Thc Russians will
get the denied articles from another nation, as they did dur-
ing the Afghanistan invasion. The only country that suf-

S

fered from that embargo was the United States, for it was
our manufacturers who lost sales that llrc Europeans picked
up. How about closing our embassies irr Russia and kicking
their scientists out. This rrrcrely removes our presence from
their country. something their leaders would love to have
happen. How about casting them to world opinion? The
world ﬂoods their country with telegrams. and life goes on.
Big deal.

i hope i haven‘t bcen too llippant in discussing this hill 1
am trying to make a point —— our options are very limited.
We cart not make a similiar nrovc toward them. and we can
not do anything directly war-like. bc it far from us to start
the wheels to Armageddcon. So. i am sorry to say. we are
caught up in contrasting rlrctorics. sworn to stop corn-
nrurrism courrtcrstroke for stroke. and also to prcscrvc
pcacc. Maybe a complclc embargo. with united efforts of
all of Europe. but this has not occurer in the past. so to
cxpcct it now is to bc unrealistic. We must be realistic. we
are irt a bind. and thc fulurc has no cusicr answers. As a
Marine friend of mine said. thcrc rrrc no cusy answers.
Maybe my pacifisru is blinding me to reality. and rurrybc
again this is an isolated irrcidcnl. brrt the lust lhrcc years
(Afghanistan, Poiarrd. anti the plunc incident) scarcs rrrc. l
llrirtk they scnrc a lot of pcoplc. Only time will tell wlrul all
this means. Or meant.

 

UH~~THe Li
TTe
ereveN, aNDLTHaND

He 8'6
I5 ON me Twe ' HaND

 

LVe .

  

t5 on Tue

50,K i195, KeP aav
WORK HaRD aND srav amateur To oer To Tue PR0;
ITHeN you can rage aLL me owes you warm!

 
  
 

 

  

ROCKV MYN.
News. um

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

TTE

R S

 

 

Bus fee fair

To the Editor:

Although the fee imposed on students for use of the
SUNY bus system seems unfavorable. it is quite justifiable.
if one can just stretch the memory back to spring semester
of ’83. we seemed to have been in the midst of a ﬁscal
crunch. Having successfully lobbied the State Legislature to
keep the SUNY budget from being slashed. we must now
show some form of budgetary tightening in the SUNY
system.

The fee on transportation enables the scheduling of buses
to continue to handle the large amount of student trafﬁc
throughout the downtown area. More buses prevent over-
;rowding and saves students time and aggravation.

The bus fee is necessary. Yet. it will be interesting to
watch how a $l0.00 fee can be escalated to relieve presure
)n future fiscal cutbacks.

~lllll King

More time needed

To the Editor:

As Student Association President. i feel that it is my
responsibility to inform students of the University of the
delay in the implementation of a bus fee for this Fall '83
semester. Students slrouid consider this rt very rrrtrclr deserv-
ed victory. After a long summer of discussion with a few
surprises. to say the least. the buses will be running accor-
ding to the l982-83 service schedule.

The bus fee has been a common cnenty of the past seven
Student Association presidents. Unfortunately. these
presidents were able to crittch the proposed fee. but they
did not answer some of the important questions or strike
concerning the bus service. if a fee is not charged will ser-
vices be lost? That secured to be the top question of the
summer. i decided to research the arctt of tr cost effective
bus service instead of actually attacking the proposed fee.

[)0 not take this to mean that i agree with charging a fee
because i do not support that concept at all. i feel that we
catr develop a system which will run on the resources (or
maybe even less titan the resources) we have available at the
present time. i would like to say that the system would be
able to maintain (and rttaybc irt some areas improve) the
levels of services we have now. The concept of a fee is very
dangerous because it is setting the precedent of replacing

uition with fees. Once this fee is implemented (and the
Department of Budgets sees the University can generate
easy income). the fee will be increased to outrageous levels.
Also. one fee leads to other fees which will hurt a great
many students. Fees are not covered by financial aid such
its 'I‘Al’ and those students on tight accounts will stiffer
greatly.

in granting the delay of the bus fee. President O'l.crtry
also decided to set up a special task forcc to investigate
transportation alternatives. i feel this task forcc will be the
place where we. as students. can make constructive suggcs‘
tions on how to Clll costs and maintain service. The impor-
tant point. i feel. is that the task force needs some time. A
ruorrtlt and a half until the fee is irnlcrncntcd is not enough
tirrrc. l irrtvc rcqucstcd a year postponnrcnt in order to allow
llrc task force to gather information and dcsign a well
though out plan of action. A report to thc lindch Panel
and Senate in February is in order and a final r'ccommcnda-
tion by April is the correct answer. iiy allowing for it suffi-
cicul amount of little for lltc process to work. this univcr'si-
ly is clearly responding to lhc problem in a professional
manner.

The band .tid approach will not work here bcctrusc thc
problcrrt is just nrorc than replacing a few bus drivers this
year. Thc $l0.00 pcr scmcstcr fee is tiny now but what hap—
pcns when we lose rrtorc drivers doc to cutbacks ncxl ycur'.’

Do we raise to to $25.00 per semester? Do we charge Alum-
ni and Draper students? '

There are many question and we need to time to find the
answers. Students unite and fight for a postponment. Write
a letter to President O'Leary or stop by Student Associa-
tion to see how you can help. Rally at the Senate meeting in
the Assembly Hall on September l9 at 3:30 pm or the
Board of Trustees meeting at the Thruway House on
September 27 during the day. With the added pressure. we
will be successful. This will leave us the time to come
together as a university community: administration. faculty
and students. can solve this serious problem.

—Rlchard Schalfer
SA President

Happy New Year

To the Editor:

On behalf of the Revisionist Zionist Alternative. i would
like to take this opportunity to wish the entire SUNYA
campus community a happy and healthy New Year and suc-
cess in the upcoming academic year.

The RZA is a Zionist Activist group recognized by
SUNYA's Student Association dedicated to educating the
campus community on issues cortccrnirrg lsruel and the
lewish People worldwide. We firmly identify with the
‘ruditional cttlttrrc of the Jewish People and their inhcrcnt
inalienable right to their entire homeland. lsracl. Wc
rtrongly urge all members of the campus community to
become aware of cvcnts in tire Middle East as they dircctly
concern all of us in thc United States. Rcccut cvcnts itt that
area have clearly displayed the urgent need for the corni-
nuancc of a strong friendship between the Urrilcd Slates
ttnd lsrucl. isracl is the only Democracy and the only
reliable American ally in the region. it is imperative that
we. as Americans. familiarize ourscl cs with the absolute
necessity for the mutually beneficial lst'tlcliAAltlcriL‘titt
spccittl relationship.

Again. we of thc R7.A wish tltc campus corruuunity a
Happy New Year filled with peace and happiness.

—Steven llllscurntlr
Chair/nun, RZA Albany
Narinnar Coon/iman of TAG/1R

Unfair policy

To the Editor:

The rcccntly cnnclcd interim Alcohol Policy that has
been handcd down to the student rcsidencc halls is a harsh
infringement on stttdcnl rights here at the university. Art in-
terim policy is supposed to he a rough draft of upcoming
policy which must still be looked into. However. this
“draft” is rorrglter than any policy tltc studcnts could
lolcrutc.

Since tlrc drinking age has been raised to l‘). it is
understandable tlrnt thc university must tukc action to pre-
vcrtt those who arc underage from procuring alcohol.
Howcvcr. it is not reasonable to prevent the rcsl of thc
lcgirl~ugc students from giving dorm parties in llrcir scction
lounges.

Among otircr things, the new policy allows thc consump-
tion of alcohol only in suite and dorm rooms. (lone arc the
days of giving partics irt onc's section or in any lounge trrca.
Students are prohibited frotn walking tlrc balls with a beer.
if a studcnt is irt a fricnd‘s suite, he is not allowed to lctrvc
that suilc anti walk up to his suite with it bccr or u pitta col-
atlu or any other alcoholic beverage.

'l'hc policy aim sttrlcs that “groups \ptillstlllilil cvcnrx
where alcohol will bc scrvctl will obtain liccnscs and per-
mils" from the Statc of New York. 'l'lrcsc pcrmits Inkc
\vccks to obtain at a cost of up to $30.00 crrclt pcrrnit.
Thanks to the higher cost and bureaucratic tapc at city hall.

this will climate parties in U-lounges or flagrooms except
those that are planned months in advance.

This new “interim policy” is an infringement on our
rights. if one is legally allowed to drink. then he should be
able to drink. This may also cause severe safety hazards as
more students will be forced down to the bars to drink. The
university is neglecting its fight to help stop people from
irivlng while intoxicated if they force them to drive down
to the bars to enjoy a drink.

Neither Student Association nor any students on campus
were consulted on this new item. There was zero student in-
put on this interim policy. Why? Students have imput into
I" other policies. why not input into this policy which ef~
‘ects students so much. Could it be that the policy establish
:d after this interim one will be to make Albany a totally
alcohol-free campus? Moderate drinking at dorm panic
and events is part of our college days. We cannot allow thir
to be taken away.

The entire student body must band together to prevcrr
these new regulations from becoming policy. Whatch
happened to the days of spontaneous parties in flow
lounges? We must not allow these to become an or
‘iangered species.

—-.lcffrey Schneider
Vice President.
Student Association

Behind the bus fee

[‘0 the Editor:

l fch it is necessary at tltis lime to explain why the
audcnts are so opposed to paying a fee for Bus Service. The
rcrrson is no! that tile students are spoiled brats frotn Long
island who always have to get their way. The reason is that
the students feel they are paying for tire Bus Service
whether it is from tuition or a fee and the fact rcmains that
tuition is eligible for Financial Aid and a fee is not. The
danger of this is that if tuition stays the same and all addi-
tiortul funding comes from fees, those students who need
financial aid in order to attend college will be severely hurt.

in light of the fact that Governor Cuomo is committed to
cutting state spending in the form of Financial Aid. i fch i
am not overreacting to this issue.

i run appealing to the University to address these issues at
trition request time. The students are willing to deal with
these issues at that time as shown by their willingness to ac-
cept the recent tuition bike. it appears the students are will-
itrg to call a spade a spade; but instead. they keep getting
llrc shovel!

—Adum llursky
SA Comptroller

 

Letters
To The Editor

.X‘llOlI/(I be kept lo a 350 Hard limit and must
include the name and phone numlxr‘ of the
(ml/tor: Names may m wit/wk] rrporr Its/tract.

 

 

 

 

Cﬂspectcﬁ

Mark Curler. Editor In Chlu!
Llaa Strain, Manna/Ira Ed/lor

Established In 1916

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..Slovu For. Anthony Sllbar
. . . . . ..Ho|d|(ira|ta
. . . . . ..Gal| Marroll
... Dava L.L. Lnskln
Llsanna Sokaluwakl
..... Marc Schwarz
Alloellla Spo no. Tom Kacandos
Contributing Editors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..Dob Judge. Dab Prololu
Stall writers: Gina Aband, Strrunno Abnla. Arnoy Adams. Marc Barman. An~
draw Carroll. Hubert-Kannth Dickey. Bill Flacttor. Dairy Gollnur, Elan Govt
don. Mlko Graonllnld. Maddl Kun. lilac Lavina. Robert Marllnlano. David
Mlchaolaon. Laura Nuns. Malt Nlctralu. Bob D'Brlan. Karon Plrozrll Linda
Quinn.le Reich, Elton Snntnslaro. Alan Somkin. Moltn Uluu. Mark Wilgarri.
Spectrum and Ev-nta Editors: Ronl Glrraborn. Kan Dornunum

News Editors . . . . . . . . . . .

  
  
    
  

Sports Editor .

 

Nady l'lrodar. Dus/nass Munuaar
Judy Tarot. Associate Business Manager
Susan Pulrlmln. Advertising Manager
Mike Krelmor. Sales Manager

    
 

Billing Aacounllnia . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. .. Lisa Clayman. Randaa Buhar
Payroll supervisor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Gay Paraaa
Oilleo Coordinator . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Susan Maakowllz

 

OlllcolManllI‘".. . . . . . t . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . t . . . .. . Junurlor Bloch
Composition Manager . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . Mtckny Frank
Adnrllalng Sal": Mark Sussrnan. Bob Curanu. Rich Goldrn. Stove Luibur-
mnn. Advertising Production Manager. Jana leach. Advertising Production:
Julia Mark

 

Patricia Mitchell. Producllan Manager
Holly Praall. Assoc/nit: PIOdtlEl/nn Manager

Chlot‘l’ypaaetler . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Calnlc t‘iyan
Typists: Joanna Glidersloavc. Lancuy Huymun. Ginny Hubur.

Photography principally supplied by University Photo Samoa. .1 tiludonl
rou .

chlal Photographer: Dave Astral. UPS Stall: Clrucl Burnstaln. Laura Bosllck,
Alan Calom. Amy Cohan. Sherry Conan. Rachel Lttwtn. Ed Mnrussleh. Lots
Mallabonl. Susan Elalna Mindleh. Joan Plarro~Louis. David Rivera. Lisa Sim-
mons. Erica Spalgnl. Warren Stout. Jim Valentino. Will Vurman

Entire contents copyright 4 195.? Albany Student PrIaI Corporation. all
rights reserved.

Tho Albany Sludqu Press In publlatiad Tutrsdays umi Fridays balwamr
Annual anti Jurm by the Albany Sluttont Pruas Corporation. an lndnpuurtuul
not»lor>prollt corporation.

Etiilorlnla are written by tho Editor In Chief with tnombors ol the Editorial
Board; policy is subject to ruvluw by tho Editorial Board. Coiumna aru w_rlllou
by members at lira university community and (to not nocuasnrliy ropruuant
editorial policy. Advertising policy does not nacaaanrlly rnliocl odllorlui
policy.

Mailing address:
Albany Studunl Ptuaa. CC 320
1400 Washington Ave.
Albany. NY l2222
(5m) 457-88921332?JJL|89

 

 

 

"you Know, nus SCHOOL wouw
curl ALOT M026 EFFIcrerrrcV tF
rHErze wares no DAMN $TUDEMTS.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

