 

 

 

December 2, 1983’ "

.‘NtUMBER 44

 

 

 

 

Above: Bonus on lite Cohleskill campus. Stale
troopers and publi
fiseated false ll)‘s. Students complained that they
were harassed.

ty raided dorms and con-

 

 

 

Troopers raid Cobleskill dorms

 

By Lisa Mirabella

STAI'I' lI'RIle‘R

 

Eleven forged student identification cards were con-
fiscated at SUNY Cobleskill by New York State troopers
after an unannounced raid on dortnitorics there earlier this
month. Presently there is an investigation by the
Superintendent of the State~Poliec in A‘Ibany. to determine
the legality of the troopcr's late-night search for forged or
altered ID cards.

Although no arrests were made during the raid. Senior
Investigator Joseph Karas of the Bureau of Criminal In-
vestigation'said the eleven falsified II) cards that were
fonttd are evidence of eleven felonies. As such. “there is a
distinct possibility tltat a prosecution will follow." he said
dttring a phone interview yesterday.

Cohleskill Presidettt Walton A. Brown. who was out of
town during the November I5 State Police operation. said
lte was "very angry" that the State troopers ‘illiic on cam-
ptts withottt his prior knowledge. Hc’ delivered a detailed
report to the office of the Chancellor November 2i.

The SUNY Vice-Chancellor for Legal Affairs was in con-
tact with the office of tire Governor with reference to major
legal and jurisdictional issues. according to Brown. Assis-
tant Council at the SUNY Legal Affairs office. Gerianne
Dias. said her office will \'ait until the State Police
superintendent has completed his investigation before
SUNY conducts its own.

State Police First Dcpttty Superintendent. Raymond
Rasmussen said yesterday that “that investigation is still
underway" and declined to discuss the details at this point.

Taking Brown‘s place as senior administrator tltat ttight
was Vice President for Academic Affairs Lawrence Poole.
He told the Cobleskill Titties Journal. “We were notified
when troopers set foot on campus. not before.“

However. according to the State Press Service. Brown
said that "at 8:00 that night Dean of Student Altatrs .lohn
Dietrich authorized one state trooper attd two SUNY
Public Safety ofﬁcers to do a spot check of ID cards in one
of tltc ten dormitories."

SUNY Public Stifer officers were present during the cn~

8>

E uromissile policies attacked

 

liy Jane Anderson
MINOR/ell .l.\.\'. lNl

lnaccuracies in the Pershing and Cruise missiles currently
beittg deployed in Ettropc could cause a limited nttclcar war
to escalate ittto a full scale war. according to Fred Kaplan.
defense correspdndant for the Rowan Globe.

Kaplan. who delivered ltis speeclt 'i'hnrsday iii a filled
Lecture Center 19. spoke on "iiurtnnissilcs: Their Hidden
History and Real Purpose."

The missiles are “the worst of botlt worlds, stressed
Kuplun. “They probably won‘t do what the government
says they will. The president believes they will work. The
missiles don't work.“ he continued.

The Cruise and Pershing ll missiles “were designed to be
very. very accurate." said Kttplan. "They were created to
destroy military facilities without destroying cities." he
continued. ' » .

This accuracy would be very difficult to obtain with the
missiles. he contended. because of tecltnical problems in
their guidance systems. Kuplan said that “if there's snow

in

on the ground then yott might as well fire some other type
of weapon." because the accuracy ol‘thc missiles is affected
by seasonal change.

“The Soviets could guess where the missiles are aimed."
said Kttplnn. attd tttke tncasttres to create “electronic decep-
tion" to rnisdirect the tnissile's guidance systems.

The chances are good. according to Kaplttn. that a laun-
cltcd missile would not be exactly on tttrgct. It could tltett
hit a nearby city, Itc said.

The Soviets. if faced with this. could think that a massive
nuclear attack had been Iattttcltcd by the U.S.. attd would
retaliate accordingly. said the Boston Globe journalist.

“The Soviets tend to believe the most optimistic
estitnates of US. weapons." said Kaplttn. "They tend to
believe in the superiority of American technology attd that
anything cart be done with it." he continued.

I‘When looking at the Euromissiles. you can't just look
at the (Soviet) European-based missiles versus the (U.S.)
European based missiles. We have to take into account
nuclear weapons elsewhere as well." Kaplnn asserted.

11 >

Cableskill students
describe abuse ,
during dorm raid

By Tim Shell
and Gina Abend
\I'A'I'lz' I’RI: CERF/FE

At 7 p.m.. on the evening of the raid on Cobleskill dor-
mitories by State Police. Larry Traehtenbroit, a freshman
living in Ten Eyck Hall, SUNY at Cobleskill. was told by-a
resident assistant that he was wanted at the Public Safety
office. 'I'raehtcnbroit said he was told he was suspected of
stealing a car.

According to Trachtenlu'oit, however. the .stolen car
charge was a ruse to question him on his alleged involve-
tnent in the ID card case. -

Trachtcnbroit and other (‘obleskill residents described a

 

.
pattern of harassment attd decctt by state troopers and

Public Safety ot‘“cers in the dormitory raid.

Traclttenbroit said ltc told the police officers his ll) had
been faked at the beginning of the semester. They persisted
in asking Ititn who did it for him. he said. and which he
could not answer. “I didn't know the guy." lteasscrted. “I
haven't seen him since."

According to 'l'rachtenbroit. he was detained for several
hours. Itad his rights read to him by both Pttblie Safety of-
ficers and troopers. was denied a phone call, and was
tltreatcttcd by Dean of Student Affairs .lohn Dietrich with
academic l‘ailttrcif Itc rel'usedto cooperate. "Dietrich kept
calling tne a liar. and said ‘you'rc going to pay dearly for
this.‘ " 'I‘rachtenbroit sttitl.

Dietrich has been unavailable for comment since
November Iii. SUNY L’oblcskill President Wulton- A.
Brown said Dietrich was called “because SUNY police
assumed an arrest was going to be made." and that
Dietrich's presence was “helping the student."

Trachtenbroit also said that when he asked for a phone
call. lie was ittfortned by a state trooper that if he persisted,
“we‘re going to go tougher on you." He said he was asked
if he would change his story . veral titncs. be was read ex-
cerpts frotn the state penal code pertaining to forged in-
struments. and was told such a crime was a felony. He also
claimed that police officials made snide remarks about his
ethnic origin and name.

Attempts to verify Trachtcnbroir‘s claints have been un-
successful dttc to the nature of the current investigation.

Trachtenbroit‘s roommate. David Attdycki. said he was
paged while in the library shortly a l'tcr 7:30 p.m.. and told
at the desk that Public Safety wanted to speak to him. “I
thought there‘d been a death in die family.“ he said. He
said he was brought to the Public Safety office. was asked
who changes iDs' on campus. and responded that he did not
know‘. He‘ presented Itis II). which was valid.

Attdycki said he was told to study there in the office.
“‘while my roottttttatc was sitting tlterc being questioned by
all these guys “ After a while. ltc said he asked an officer if
he could leave attd was told Itc could. Upon returning to his
dortn rootn. Itc received a phone call requesting he rctttrn to
Public Safety. which he said Itc did. “They told me there
were going to be raids on the dorms and they didn‘t want
me to go back attd tell anyone." Attdycki said.

While iii the office. both 'I'rachtcnbroit and Attdycki said
they were told by a senior investigator that “he didn‘t want
to be jerked arottttd by some stupid ass story."

‘l‘t'uclttcttbt'oit said he told Dietrich he was going to
transfer to another college itt January and Dietrich
responded. “If yott tuakc it that far."

Both students said they Itad tests the next day and did
poorly because of tile incident.

Administrative and police reports of the incident are also
ttnavailablc at this time.

Cherrie Stevens. Resident Director of Cobleskill‘s Pear-
son lvlall, said she was informed at 12:45 am. by troopers
that rcsidettt assistants had to wake up attd get students out
of bed. After the RAs were awakened though. the police
told Stevens'titat the search was not going to take place.
“and l was left to explain to the RA: why they were woken
up for no reason." Stevens said. '

“The troopers' last words were 'don‘t tell them what it‘s
about.“ “ Stevens said. She said she had been told of the
troopers impending visit by the director of a hall previously
raided. "The whole thing stnackcd of being itt Russia,"
Stevens said.

Brown says he was itt Philadelphia at the time of the inci-
dent. He also says he had, since the incident. met with
“high level state officials." (the State Police Commis-
sioner). ttttd went to his superiors (SUNY Central). because
“I consider this a very serious action." [TI

 

 

