  

8 ALBANY STUDENT‘II’RESS t1] OCTOBER l4,l983

Salvadoran'tells of terror

a hood torture'device that suffoctes a person

 

B’y Robert Gardinier
S

SOC/A TE NEWS EDI TOR

Calling the government of El Salvador a
“militaristic rascist dictatorship." an exiled
Salvadorlan union leader, Sonia Galan,
described oppression site and others fac'ed at
the hands of the Saivadorean government.

night. ‘

Gaian. 25. outlined a chronology of abuse
that started in October of i979 when a
military-civilian junta was established in the
small Central American country.

Speaking through an interpreter. Galan
criticized the U.S. sponsored elections held in
i982 in El Salvador. She scoffed at the con-
tention that the elections were in fact “free.”
“People were forced to vote in a climate of
terror." she said. People had their hands
stamped with ink to show that they voted and
if they did not have the stamp they were turn-
ed in by their employers and harassed by the
National Guard. she explained.

Galan was born in San Salvador and
graduated with a degree in accounting frotii
the David J. Guzman College located there.

I She began her work in the General Garment

slowly.
She .' '

 

‘ that the work of her union

and other unions along with college students

and other citizens is to topple the existing
government and in its place establish a

“representative democratic government that
would provide a voice for all the factions in
during a lecture in LC 20 on Wednesdayi the country. '
Urging all SUNYA students to oppose the

Reagan administration support of

the

Saivadorean government. she emphasized
that the reason she was speaking in the U.S.
is that only the concerned citizens of America
can pressure the administration to stop sup-

porting the military dictatorship.

When asked what the relationship is bet-

ween the FENASTRAS tinion and

the .

Saivadorean guerrillas she said, l‘We do not
speak for them. we represent the union but
that does not mean that we are separate from

them."

“The dictatorship depends totally on the
United States aid," she said. “if the aid in-
creases. it would be detrimental to the guer-
rillas but if it does not, the people of El

Salvador may soon win." said Oaian.

WWW

 

 

 

 

QMDQWWWWWQQ ,a‘!

CHESS CLUB will be holding its annual qualifytn
tournament to field a team for the 1983 Pan 9
American intercollegiate Chess Team Tournament
Tournament will begin Monday night, Oct. 24th '
Rounds will be from 7:30-11:00 on six consecutive

Monday nights. Entry fee is $5.00. Prizes: T0p 4
finishers will receive a free trip to Worcester Mass
to compete in the Pan-Ams. For info. contact Eric.
Nlter at 482-0509 and attend the Oct. 17 Chess Club

 

meeting.

 

 

 

 

( THE HVTERNA TIONAL FILM GROUP

By John Thurbarn

Across perimeter road from the
gym is the Albany Collegiate inter-
faith center. otherwisc known as
Chapel House. which provides
religious services for Roman
Catholic, Episcopalian. Lutheran.
Jewish. ttitd Southern Baptist wor-
shippers. along with counseling.
and other services for students.

Chapel House was formed in the
late 1960’s by the interfaith Cor-
poration. a group of 21 people
(seven catholics, jcws. protestants)
who were coriccrneti for the
students' need to have a religious
institution to which they could go.
“We (interfaith Corp.) wanted to
have a place where religion would
be evidertt on campus." said Milton
()lsen. a former Vice President of
the school of Management and
Planning. its well its a Dean of the
School of Business here at SUNYA.
A present member of the lloard of
Directors for the interfaith Corp..
he was a founding member of

 

and the land that it is on. but we
don't interfere with what they (the
staff) do."

The house was btiiit in approx-
imately l9l0. by publisher and
Albany Republican boss William
liarnes. Jr. The house. once used as
a summer home for Barnes, has
recently been noted in the Nationtil
llistoricai Register because of its
"Arts and Crafts" style. which was
popular around the time of cori-
strttction.

"This style emphasized prac-
ticality itnd simplicity In design."
said Austin O’Brien. Field Resear-
cltcr for the Historical Preservation
Service. "The house is noted as a
very good example of the style."

The Capital Area Council of
Churches owned the liottsc previous
to the interfaith Corporation. They
sold it wltiic acting as “a fortrtn to
help establiin new religious
organizations." according to
Joseph Lynn. Chairman of the
ilottrd of Directors of tlic Interfaith

Diverse history adds to Chapel House charm

solicit funds at times. but rely main-
ly on their own individual funds to
finance Chapel House.

Father William Ryan of the
Catholic contingent. said the house
gets some use by students but that
he hopes more students will come
by. Services are held at Chapel
liotise for Jewish denomination
for the Shabbat on Fridays. 6:30
pm. Masses are held in the Campus
Center on Sundays at l2:30 and
6:30 pm.

"We are open seven days a week.
24 hours a day." said Father Ryan.
Chapel House. Father Ryan. with
Sister Danielle Bonctti. Reverend
Gary Kriss. Reverend Christopher
i-ioycr. Reverend Braxton LeCroy.
and Jewish Student Coalition
Director Rebecca Gordon take on
the task of providing the student
body with ttcccss to their particular
religious needs. Groups such as Al-
Artoit and Middle Earth use the
house at titncs for meetings arid get
togethers. i l

 

    

' W" _ -,..;.';...—..w'.'..._._—." 

t...» ,. 1

OCTOBER [4,1983 Cl ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 9

... ._ «Avhwﬁa‘xu

 

 

 

cmov OALWAV we
r
The rustic setting at Chapel House
The building is in Ilie National Historical Register

FENASTRAS. site explained. is composed t
of garment. construction. electrical. fishing.
ptiblic employees and agricultural workers.
“There are 26 afﬁliated unions arid the struc-
tttrc is similar to the American AFL-CIO."
Site said that 80 percent of the workers were

('orp. "Right now. the house will
cost us (the board of directors)
$lt).()()()." i.Viiii also said that they

Chapel House. “Chapel House is
not it part of the University," ()Iscn

PRESENTS
    poitttcdout. “We ownthcbtiilding
WWW»
unionized now in the county. but since l980 t Pa.  e  
.   Sat- Oct- 15 LC 1 i g t »
~i|t:llil:)lbt'cu:llscl0l' decrees that huge iiccnltztstl AFL-CiO has been iicipftti iii the cause 7  d .   t   .
ill o ace in are repressive. ccrcc ._ . against the government anti U.S. interven-
: an 10:00
$1.00 with tax card 

Workers Union irt l977 and is presently a
member of the FENASTRAS tinion. She
said site has been instrumental in the forma-
tion of numerous other ttriiotis. but because
of threats she escaped to the U.S. where she
is still involved in FENASTRAS.

in actuality. according to (ittlari. the
government of El Salvador is unconstitu-

i

i
t

   
   
    
   

     

site said. iegtrlizcs the state of seigc by the tion iii the country." she added.

military. Underthis decree. it is legal fortlic The killing of four North American

army to ransack working places. churches. religious wotttcti in December 1930 was in

and residences, she asserted. retaliation for their part in helping union
Among the most brutal government members. Galan said. After this the union

dCCttft‘S i5 507. Whit‘h. slit“ Said. in effect and student groups fighting for liberation

legalized tortttrc. Some of the processes of were forced underground.

University Park. PA ((‘l’S)—Sa|cs ll constitutionally protected right."

companies can invttdc dorms anti and ordered the school to lifts its

make their pitches almost at will restrictions.

from now on. if two icccrtt court in tire New York case. university

rtilings stay iti effect. officials had also insisted their him
A federal judge has said i’cnn- on commercial dortti sales was: .

sylvunia State University cannot

: if‘Listen to the Wild.

" ~ It’s calling you’.’

Robert Service
The Call of the Wild.‘

 

necessary to insure student sitfctyr

 

 

torture used by the government and military
that Galan has seen are electrical shock. acids
splashed on the body. especially the face, and

Giiiiiit accused President Reagan of “op-

posing rcprcsetttation in El Salvador. he

9P

$1.50 without tax card 

SA FUNDEDi
 W4

 

‘L

 

 

 

UNIVERSITY CINEMAS

 

 

 

 

 

.m....v-.i..1.... am
i

 

 

  

The SUNYA Pre-Law Association

    

 

 

ban group sales presentations iii its
dorms because tltc restrictions
violate students' free speech rights.

The decision. coupled with n
vilillli‘f ruling earlier this summer
against tiic State University of New
York—Cortland. may have fitt-

iv P presents reaching implications for dor- ‘ I
i I mitories across the country which lint, Mc( tlt'li added. while the
y I . .' _ . . ‘. . . . i t I - u':
‘, The  Annual try. to ‘I‘t'tsilicl doiiii sales and sLiltitii could not ban coritiitcicittl
V "‘ solicitation. stiles meetings and demonstrations. l
’ 5" Pennsylvania officials had argued it could place restrictions oil the
“THIS WEEK M " . . . . ,.
H ' ~- ltttrgrotip tiriic and place the meetings are
H the) had illt. authority to
i  A T  o   sales meetings iii thcir dorm rooms held. ‘
i R bccntisc thcmccting disturbed othcr Furthermore. the gndgc stud. the \
i sittticlils. school was only ohligtttcd to allow \'
i  s dctnonsttitions and mcctitigs. and ‘
lint U.S. District Judge Malcolm could ban ttctunl stiles of products
Muir hits now titled that the “free in residence halls. I
ﬂow of ideas resulting from itttcn- iioth suits involved American
F t '  dnncc . tit group commercial ifllillic Systems, it l’cnitsylvanttt-
. I . . . ' . ' N I.
l   . ' dciiionstrtttions and solicitations is based housewares itrrti which
E" g    recruits stndcnts on campuses titt-
; tionwidc to ltclp sell its products.
J  "Usually, they ask at student if
in ' thcy cart have one of their stiles i'cps
i“ . Boaton c°"°9° <8 hold a sales demonstration in their
J . corn.“ wants only military means." she dortn romn." says Li‘s“ U'ltIL‘I‘itis
y ' ‘ I ‘ ' ' J ‘ . .I . y r I l' s v
i. ' “ . ‘ - ' v-iion | citti htdlc s manager 0 rest en in
i . Boston u. stud. I It is not Soviet liilLI‘ Lil H.)
t P . Ill l:| Salvador that is the question, I c. ‘
i  H I  ‘ H  syracus. it is the terrible repression of ottr l“l‘orltin|atcly. ‘thcl law onrlyl up}
. - icoplc that we fight against." site plies to sctoos to tie two etcra
 Antloch itsscrted. cotirt districts involved." says Gary
." . Vermont “‘th- [1.3. people art- guing to North, housing director at the
S l- .  stiffer like our people are going to University of illinote. and fortiter
 A 7 I  & I . N  Queens co'lage be afflicted by a total president ofthe Assoctatton of Col- ‘ .
e ' ‘ ' - «' - - '  Housin Of- A a t . - ~
‘ ' 1  w ork Law s°h°°l ““°”’°“""”' I “1“ ““id‘ [5” and unwmuy g lite Black Sheep )l Canadian Liquors.
.v "" . Albany "Altict‘icttii taxpayers arc paying to llCch~ , t )
if ~ . B.- k turn the dictatorship in El Salvador North says colleges should have [)igvnvcryukm‘ Jack. I rum! and
ti: i . w 00 Iv“ law whilc social programs are ctit. It the rrglit to fissure; such meetings: lmwm m 100 lmmf‘ Y"! S” mnmnh‘
I i I  ‘ : & - . .  155.05..an the "to reverit lungs rom getting on . ‘
'1 I L 7  1 8 . asmngton and Lee u' ’/ Mil: hirlri't:  :Il'tlsscslh'tt will of ltiind " so ﬂavorful. it tvmplhvwn the most
“’ 50'“ I Li ‘ ' . ... ... ~__. .’ - .“
in unlvorslty 0' Connecticut - suffer and die," said (ittltln. indeed, at Penn $11110th number «we» cwriizvti. birtttglit.mist-(lot on liit’ iot ks,
if and many more of dorm stiles meetings “is building “ Yukon Javk "my 5mm“ “pa”. ..
$1 (inlttn was it rcplitccincnt speaker each day as the word gets out (that ~~ . 4
ill, I E 1 l  for Alejandro Molina Lara. the school cannot restrict thcni).“ AlwaYs Srnooth~ Always Potent... I
I organizational leader of says Upcralt. H I I I I »
i: S I-‘IiNAS't‘RAS ttnd also an cxllcd “We‘re p‘robaiy iavtng ttt cast  Proof. . ‘
  aturdav’  '5’  trade tiriioii leader. Lurtt coirld not three or fottr it day on campus I . _ I
V, . '00 -' ' ‘ - ' ‘Ik because of re now " he laments. "it may soon .
2 , ' I show ttp lot his in t . ‘ ' 
13 I     &  —  ccnt iiil‘cttls to his family iti iii reach a poirit where it‘s tltllicult to R‘
i I '- --  ‘1' to it siccch til’titti'till ‘1 good study cnviron- ‘ ,
I»  item“ “M” """"'°'"    - . v _ _ h
.5 t . ConcealerthItueonliuecﬂlg:!ridinlgnwig ﬁﬂi‘ﬂmﬁmoar curt-d in Will by the l’tictto RlL'tiil liotlt schools plitn itiltlppcttllillc mmnrkmum" 'mpmlmmmmmmnw“mm‘mMmﬁnmwmmm Sol" Against)“ .mmmmm
‘ I . . - -- H iiltittlli Ncw York 'tnd Pctmsy vttnrn tect-
Hi 1.   I tndtptndtnu t I); I ' ‘ [1/
i i  " ' Alliance. - MUN-5-
» _
., \
.1: w
r‘,
if
r "l
i 5’  ““'"W‘th-wwwwmtwW“... ..
l "  ‘ " i -...--

and security.

  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
   

 

lrt .itrly. however. U.S. Disctrict
.iittige Ncwl McCtirn rtiicd “it
hltirikct restriction on commercial
speech is it particularly ovcrbroad
and inappropriate means of protec-
ting students from commercial
abuses."

 

 
   
   
 

  
  
 
 
  
  
 
  

 

 

 

 

