l
i
't
l
t‘
l
i

M.-. . «thy—mew“

 

  tattoo? ' ' 
18  ALBANY STUDENT PRESS [:1 OCTOBER 28, I983 .

Dane barriers prepare for Alany invitatinal I

   

 

By Tom Kacantles
V SPORTS EDITOR

 

Everyone familiar with the event is predic-
ting a fast men's varsity race will be the
highlight of _th‘e.l7th Annual A'lbany Cross-
Country invitational to be held at SUNYA
starting at noori this Saturday. There‘ are ls
men's varsity teams, l3 junior college teams,
and is women’s teams entered with a total of
450 runners expected to compete.

The women will run the 5.000-meter
course, JV teams will rttn the 4.25-mlle
course, and two- and four-year varsity teams
will run the full 5.05-miie course. At the
meet’s end a special Alumni race will be held
over the 5.05-mile course. Many cross-
country alumni from old Albany and Siena
teams are expected to travel to SUNYA just
to run the race. Said Albany Head Coach and
meet organizer Bob Muns'ey, "Our alumni
are the best and this is a great chance to get
‘them all together and have fun."

The men's four-year varsity race promises
to be very fast and exciting. Last year‘s in-
dividual winner, Michael Graham of Mid-
dlebury College, is expected to repeat. His
winning time last year was 25:34. Compare
that to the winning time of 25:57 that both
Dom- Colose and Dan Hartcau of Siena
recorded last Saturday at the Capital District
Championships held on the same course, and
it becomes obvious tltat Graham will not be
running alone. in fact. it looks like the first

 ‘\ ‘~ it.“ ,9.’.‘ W'ert‘. |\ Kt

ﬁve ﬁnishers wilt all be around 25:50 or
under.

0f last year's top l5 ﬁnishers, six will
return, including four Siena runners. For this
reason, as well as their strong performance
last Saturday at the Capital Districts, Siena
College is expected to win its fourth straight
invitational title. Dan Harteau led that Siena
group last year. but Saturday he will be join-
ed by Colose, who will run his ﬁrst invlta-v
tlonal. Mike O'Rourke, Siena's number three
man last yeat= has not been running well this
season, but Siena should still have the horses
to take it.

The other individuals ﬁgured to be in the
first pack are freshman Mark Cohen, who
won the SUNY Championships and senior
Gary Fancher. who was second, both of
Oswego. Fancher seems to be an improved
runner, but he managed to break into the in-
vitational top-ls last year, so he and Cohen
should be right up there.

As interesting as the individual race up
front will be the team battle for the second
place. The top contenders are Albany State,
the University of Rochester, and Trenton
State College of New Jersey. Albany will be
looking to bounce back front a disappointing
loss to RPi last weekend. The Danes should
be back to full strength with Ed McGlll re-
joining the lineup.

The Albany women's cross-country team
will be represented by a partial squad as the
main team is traveling to their State meet. El

 

ED MANUSSICH UP

Dane defensive and Jim Canlteld, whose knees are back to full strength. should

spark the club in their final home game

SPORTS BRIEFS

Hockey club

The Albany State men’s ice hockey club
is ready to begin its charter season of inter-
collegiate competition.

The team is SA funded and has already
scheduled games against Siena and Skid-
more. Other games will be contested against
some local junior teams.

The ﬁrst game is on November 13.

The team has l9 members currently.
Anyone who is still interested should con-
tact Drew Rubin at 457-7828.

Upcoming events
Coming off of two heartbreaking losses
to Cortland and Norwich, the Albany Great
Danes will host Alfred at Uttivcrsity l-‘icld.
tomorrow at i:30. This is the Dane’s final
home game of the season... The winningest
team in the school, the women's volleyball
team, will travel to Binghamton for the
Binghamton invitational today and tomor-
row... The womcn's soccer team will host
the SUNYACs for the ﬁrst time tomorrow
at l:00 on University Field... The women's
cross country team will be split up on Satur-
day. Those runners who qualiﬁed will travel
to Hamilton, the site of the state champion-
ships, while the rest of the team will stay
home for the Albany invitational at i2:00...
The men’s cross country team will also be
involved in the Albany invitational. which
will be held here Saturday at 12:00.

this season.

 

NAHUM '
‘ lll

for. 1:}

 

ED MARUSBICN UPS
The volleyball team will play the
Binghamton Invitational this weekend.

 

tr

.3,»—

t

  

 

 

 

ED MARUSSlCH UPS

Fifteen varsity teams will be coming to SUNYA tomorrow afternoon to compete in
the 17th annual Cross Country Invitational.

Danes to face Alfred

<Back Page
two weeks ago, i4-7.

“That doesn‘t matter at all," stated Ford.
"Each week is a new week. Teams have dif-
ferent styles and some teams can play better
against certain styles than others. Jttst look at
the NFL."

Although the Danes have gained over 600
yards in the past two weeks. it was ac-
complished against defenses ttot as superior
as the Saxons'.

For the Danes to put points on the board,
they will have to rely on the young arm of
sophomore quarterback Mike Milano, who
threw for l69 yards last week. With the Sax-
on defense geared to stop the Danes'
wishbone ground game, the Danes will have
to move the ball via the pass.

“They're daring us to throw the ball," said
Milano. “They play a man-to-man coverage
and they're practically forcing us to pass."

The Danes will be happy to oblige. in prac-
tice this week, the coaching staff was busy
designing a few new pass patterns to take ad-
vantage of the man-to-man defense.

“They're a great defensive unit." com-
mented Ford. “We'll have to beat them
through the air."

Milano will be trying to find his three
dependable receivers who have combined for
48 receptions between them: Pete McGrath
has 18 catches, while John Donnelly and Bob
Brien each have 15.

“i don't think we can beat them deep,"
said the senior receiver Brien, who leads the
trio of receivers with three touchdown grabs.
“i feel we'll be able to do a lot of short stuff
because they give up a big cushion."

On the other side of the line of scrimmage,
the Danes are hoping to give a better perfor-
mance than last week. The defense allowed a
season-high 3| points. bill the blame can‘t
solely rest on tltcnt. Offensive turnovers set
up Norwich in good field position.

Anotltcr justification for the CH points
could be tltc absence of senior lincbttckcr lZd-
die Eastman, who was ejected front the game

in lltc third period for pushing a referee.

After two weeks of concentrating on con-
taining super running backs ——- Dave Cook of
Cortland and Winttcford Brooks of Norwich
— the Dane dcfcnsc tomorrow will be con-

cerning themselves with shutting down senior
quarterback (ilcn Law and the Saxons' cx-
plosivc passing attack.

Law has completed 58 percent of his passes
and thrown for cigltt touchdowns. He has
two very capable receivers in Smtt Sanders
Jr., son of Alfred coach Sam Sanders, and
Don Caroli.

Dane defensive end Jim Canticld, who
returned to the lineup last week after missing
three weeks because of an injured knee, will
be looked upon to pttt pressure on Law.

"i think he‘s completely healthy," said
Ford. "Last week he was rusty and didn‘t
have too good of a gante. He's been practic—
ing hard all week and he should be back to
top form."

Lately, tltc defensive problem ltas been the
abundance of pass interference calls on the
sccottdary, many ot' them questiomtble, ac-
cording to the filmciips. An interference call
last week against defensive back Ray Priorc
in the endzonc placed the ball at tltc Dunc
l-yard line where the Cadets scored.

As Ford poitttcd ottt, it isn’t easy to repri-
mand the players for the interference
penalties. “You can't tell them not to bc ag-
gressive or fall off the man just because of a
few pass interference calls. 1 try to stress that
positioning is the crucial element and you’ve
got to be aggressive."

if everything holds to form, what might
occur on University Field tomorrow is a
defensive struggle. And usually it) that type
ofgame. a turnover might just make or break
it for the Danes.

“i think it’s a tossup." concluded the ever:
optimistic coach. From the tone of voice
you‘d never think his team was 2-5. l-lc's just
not used to losing.

PAW PRINTS: Albany leads the S-gnme
series 3-2 with tile Dunes taking last year's
defensive battle l0-7. . . "are are some
scores of Alfreds losses, llofstrtt (l4-ll).
ltltacn (l4-l0), St. Lawrence (ll-ill), iluffuln
State (i4-l2)...0uurtcrback Law is the
Suxons' career yardage record holder wltlt
l534 yards on l34 completions out of 22') nt-
tcmpts. . . All the action can be heard live on
WEI)" beginning at l:20 p.m. with broad-
t'tutters Rich UdewltzttndStcvc Goldsteiu. i l

 

 

 

 

Great Dane Football

The Albany Great Danes will take on Alfred University in the
final home game of their 1983 season. Catch all of the action
tomorrow at 1:30 p. m. on University Field.

 

 

By Mark Levine
SPORTS EDITDR

ﬂ

"it’s always nice tot-win." said Albany
Head Coach Bill Schieffelin following his
soccer team‘s ﬁnal game of the year, a 2-0
home victory over RPi Wednesday after-
noon. “it's a nice way to end up the year."

The Danes got a ﬁrst half goal by Tihan
Presbie and a second half goal by Darwin
Valencia to defeat the Engineers for their se-
cond straight shutout. For the year,,Aibany
ﬁnished with a record of 6-7, their second
consecutive losing season.

This Was the last game for Albany
defenders Matt McSherry. Bob Garrett and
Mike Miller, all of whom will be graduating
in May.

"it’s a shame it all has to end," McSherry
said following the game. “it's been a lot of
fun."

“Matt has itnprovcd as much as anybody
we've ever had here," Schieffelin com-
ntcnted. “He and Bob are both totally
dedicated players. They really work hard and
are going to be missed."

The win over RPi gave the Danes a two-
gamc winning streak to build on for next
year. But looking back on the year, most
people concerned with the Albany socccr
program will say it was disappointing.

The season opened with high ltopcs on
September 14 as the Danes hostcd Oswcgo.
in a game that was an indication of the
future. Albany was beaten in the final
minutes 2-l.

After two straight wins cutnc two more
losses late in the game. Albany fell to Cut-
tland 1-0 on a goal scored with 2:59 remain-
ing, thcn dropped a 2-l decision at North
Adams itt which the game-winner was scored
with l:0l showing on the clock.

After beating Brockport 3-1 and gettittg
blanked by Union 3-0, the Danes vcntttrcd
north for a game against Potsdam. it]
another hcartbreaker, Albany was beaten in
overtime, 2-l.

“Those close games tnttke the difference
between a winning and losing season,"
Schieffciin said. “We win those games and
we ﬁnish iO-3."

After shutting out Siena on a Presbie goal
in overtime, the Danes faced the key part of
their schedule: conference games on the road
against liinghamton and at home against
Onconta. Two wins could have probably put
Albany in the conference playoffs, but they

lost both in very close games, 2-1 at
Blnghamton and l-0 against the Red
Dragons. The two losses dashed any hopes of
postseason play, and the Danes were just
"playing out the year" in their last two
games.

"Looking back on the year, l'd have to say
l'm very disappointed,” Schieffelin com-
mented. “The reason for that is that when i
looked ahead toward the season, nowhere in
my own private mind did i think that we
could have a losing season. i thought we had
too much talent."

The disappointment can be attributed to a
number of things.

in addition to losing Jerry lsaacs and Terry
Bacchus from last year’s team, the team was
plagued by injuries in l983. No fewer titan
live Dane regulars lied to miss part or all of
at least one game due to injury. The most
serious of tltesc were to freshman Francisco
Duarte, who suffered a laceration of the head
and then a hairline fracture ol' his ankle and
had to sit out the last seven games, and
freshman Allen Westcrman, who got
mononucleosis anti sat ottt all bttt three
games.

lint tltc biggest setback. according to
Schicffclin, was not having a junior varsity
program, which was cut from tltc budget
before this season.

“Not httving a JV hurt us tremendously,"
ltc said. "Wc had it lot of new freshmen who
i didn't really gct a chance to see play, illitl
they lost a great deal of playing experience by
not being ttblc to play on JV."

Despite tltc frustrations, Iltcrc were it
number of positive factors for the Danes itt
l983.

For one thing, l’rcsbic cmcrgcd into the
team's leading scorer with eight goals in his
freshman season. llc is virtually a sltoc-in to
be named to the All-('onfcrcncc team. and
thc freshman forward draws high praise from
his coach.

u’l‘ihtm is probably one of the tuost
tnlcntcd frcshtncn we‘ve ever had here."
Schicfi‘clin boasted. “As far as the American
players that have played in this country all
their lives, he‘s the best we‘ve ever lmd. He's
got a great ftttttrc in store. and having better
players around him will make him a better
player next year."

Attotlter plus this year has been tltc play of
Miller, who is also a virtual lock on the All-
Conference squad.

 

 

OCTOBER 28,1983 [:1 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS,  

1 Men hooters finish season [with 2-0, win overBPl

  

BOB LUCKEV UPS

Senior Mike Miller heads the ball in his final soccer game in a Dane uniform. The

booters defeated RPI, 2-0.

“i would have to say my biggest disap-
pointment this year is knowing that Mike
won't be back next year. He's just a
dynamite player," Schicffelin said.

But many players will be back next year,
including many promising freshmen, plus
isaacs and Bacchus. l-iopcfully, tltcrc will be
no “playing out the year" in l984.

CORNER KICKS: For the year, Danes
outscored opponents 19-14, but were 2-6 in
games decided by one goal. . . Goaltender
Tom Merritt played every minute of every
game and finished with a goals-against
average of l.08. . . indoor season begins in
November. with Albany hosting its own in-
door tourney itt late March. l]

women harriers travel to Hamilton for States

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

UPS
The women's cross country team, coming off with a big win in the Capital Distrlct
Most. will travel to Hamilton for tomorrow's State Championships.

 

 

By Dean Chang
Slwll l- II'RIII'N‘

Coming off an impressive win at the
Capital District Meet, the Albany State
women’s cross country team will be looking
to keep up their winning ways at Saturday's
State (,‘hampionship at iiatnilton.

Tltc women will be facing at feast five other
teams: Binghamtou, Cortland and Hamilton
will present the stiffcst challenge for Albany.
To finish in the top five, the runners would
have to duplicate lust Saturday's outstanding
performance.

Head Coach Ron Wltitc will be hoping to
find some consistency. Aftcr notching their
first win, “Right now we’re at a respectable
level," said White. "The important thing is
to maintain this level. A letdown is possible
after a big win like the Capital District, so
i'tn hoping that we do well."

White has set a realistic goal ‘of finishing
somewhere near the middle of the pack. “it
would be fantastic if we could finish in the
top five, but our work would be cut out for
us." noted Wltitc. “Just to finish in the mid-
dlc five would be an accomplishment."

Co-captain Karcn Kurthy senses that the
tcutn is ready to perform well. “Everyone is
starting to cotne on strongly," said Kurthy.
“We're just starting to realize our true poten-

18249 last weekend, will be trying to run with
Hamilton's Martha Perkins. The last time
the two teams faced each other Perkins beat
Kurthy by is seconds. ‘

Two keys in the race will be the perfor-
mances of co-captain Bette Dzamba and
saphomore Donna Burnham. Dzamba ag-

gravated an injury to her right thigh last
mcct, attd as a result, she is being held out of
the team workouts. "Bette is just doing an
easy maintch ‘c week," said Wltitc.

Lust \vcckcnd, Burnham made an im-
pressive comcback after sitting mtt two mon-
lbs with a bad foot. Even though she finished
tctttb overall, llurnhttm is looking for better
things at the States. “I didn't rttn that wcll
last week," asserted Burnham. “i saved a lit-
tic sol could finish the race. This tncet will be
different. i’vc bccn puslting myself in prac-
lice and i really feel strong. i want to rtttt a
bit closer to what l'm accustomed to; runn-
ittg well here would be a perfect preparation
for the Eastern Championship."

Maura Mahon, Erma George. Kim l’ntch
and Chris Varlcy comprise the rest of the
seven-member squad. Mahon has been im-
proving steadily the entire scason, while both
George and Varicy are coming off personal
bests. Patch has been consistent for most of
this year and is due fora brcakthrmtghaccor-
ding to Wltitc.

Titc runners that didn't qualify for the
State Championship will represent Albany in
the Albatty invitational. Last year, All-
Antcrican Colleen Casey of Trenton Sttttc
ran the course in an astounding 17:23.8. The
times might ttot be as fast this year, but the
competition is still of top qttality.

One runner who would like a chance to
challenge the competition is transfer Lynn
Jacobs. Unfortunately, because of her
transfer status, Jacobs will not be allowed to
run in either meet this weekend. “i was really
looking forward to running this last meet",
said Jacobs. Her time last weekend of 18:44
was only one second off of Albany's fastest
time ever.

 

