  
  

 

éAn‘dy Carroll: Plzza,

 

 

4a ponpocﬂou

. r

g Ripping into the'maze
:3 in search of fruitful results

1 or a year I lived with a sports buff
9 F who never minded the nickname
8 we had choseft for hlm — The
3Rlpper — because he thought he'd been
named after a local sportscaster.'and not.
as was the case. after his eating habits, It
was an understandable misconception.
and one that might never had to have been
cleared up If It weren‘t for an afternoon I
spent recently at The Fountain restaurant
on New Scotland. where three of us ——
me. Mr. Guilt. and The Smoker —- had
driven for pizza and Ms. Pac-man. Ig-
norance may or not be bliss. although I'm
pretty sure The Ripper will be happier with
his nickname If he doesn't read past this
point. For it's here I reveal that "ripping" Is
the act of sharing a pizza and tearing Into Its
middle. Gordian-knot style. to expose the
largest piece.

You're right If you don't consider this the
most serious of transgressions. nor the
rudest, I've seen house-mates lick the re-
maining Frethofer's to claim them as their
own. for instance. But ripping remains unl-
que In the sheer audacity of the act. a
technique of eating pizza which states. “I've
finished my slice before you. and feel I am
entitled to the largest remaining piece.
even if It means skipping the familiar
courtesy of leaving the size of the piece up
to fate by going. In order. around the pie."
Even If ripping weren't the most ruthless of'
acts. it would certainly remain one of the
noislest.

All this came up again (The Ripper hav-
ing graduated last year) when Mr. Guilt
reached for the largest slice on a cheese
and three-quarter ontori pie Monday night.
and balked when [called him a ripper. He

 

reminded me that he hadn't torn into the
pizza, but had waited until the largest slice
had been exposed by The Smoker and me.
i didn't see the difference. and said there's
little distinction between ripping and
waiting ~ they both achieve the same end.
although one may be slightly more covert.
and therefore. I argued. almost worse.

Mr. Guilt would have none of it. and
defended himself (weakly. I feel) on the
grounds that those who sit and wait do so
at a considerable risk of having less than
anyone else. being that eight slices do not,
go Into three people evenly. Indeed. not
only shouldn't we have accused him of
greediness. we should have applauded his
patience,

How this all relates to Ms. Pac-man may
not be apparent, but trust me — we're get-
ting there. It's been a tradition of ours of
late to follow our pizza with a few goes at
the game. In fact. It's become a tradition to
follow anything with afew goes at the
game. although I don't think we've raised it
to the level of obsession that the
newsmagaztnes keep talking about, Mr
Guilt has his manic phases. and Th(
Smoker has dumped enough quarters In
the game to score In the 50- to 70 thou‘
sand point range. but I think I balance this
with an approach that borders on the
academic, High scores aren't enough for
me. especially as I've yet to achieve one. I
want to understand the game. and confirm
a few theories I've had about the type of
personalities It rewards. and those It
punishes.

Ms. Pac-man has been called the most
popular video game spinvoff In the in-
dustry's short history. designed by The
Midway Manufacturing Company to ap-
peal to women arcade players and as a fur-
ther challenge to those, who already
mastered the original Pac—man. The yellow
Pac-man disc has been given a set of
Revlon tips. a pink and blue bow In Its hair.
and. If you look closely. a tiny dimple In Its
cheek. Like Pac-man. Ms. Is a maze game.
the obiect of which Is to guide your disc
through a series of twists and turns, and
earn points by gobbling "dots." enemies,

four "ghosts." who can only be eliminated

and loud. bouncing fruits. In pursuit are.

 

when Ms. eats a flashing “power dot" and

 

,turns them blue. and even then are resur-l

rected from the "monster pen" In the mid-
dle of the board. When Ms. has successful-
ly eluded the ghosts or eaten them Into
submission (earning up to 1600 points per
power dot for her troubles) and cleared the
maze'oi all those dots. she is rewarded with
a new maze. faster ghosts. and a shortened
duration of “munch-time." — the period In
which the ghosts remaln edible.

Unlike Pac-man. the four ghosts In Ms.
—— the red. the orange. the green. and the
pink — cannot be relied upon to do
anything predictable. Thus memorization
of patterns is no longer effective. and the
good player must learn the personalities of
each of the ghosts. which are as erratic as
the player's. The orange ghost. for In-
stance. Is reknowned for his cowardice. but
is Inspired to attack on occasion.

There Is also a quite literal sense of
drama ln Ms. that Is missing from Pac-man

— In the form of the "Acts." or romantic
lnterludes which mark the completions of
two pink mazes. three blue mazes. and four
orange mazes. In Act 1. "They Meet." Pac-
man greets his Ms. with a dainty kiss. The
second Act Is “The Chase." In which our
little feminist pursues her man as he streaks
across the screen. Act III ts "Junior." In
which the M5. presumably becomes a Mrs..
when a stork flys across the screen to
deliver a tiny PacBaby.

Like many marriages. that of the Pacs
occurs only after a long and difficult woo-
ing. and considering the level of expertise

'reached by my friends and me. Act III re- I

malned a virtual rumor. Until yesterday.
that is. when I approached the Fico
brothers of Tarrytown to help me confirm
some of the theories 1 was beginning to
form about the game.
I]
Freshman John Ftco recognizes that he
Is no championship player. nor even the
best player in his family. That honor goes
to older brother Andy. who's topped
160,000 points while clearing l7 mazes.
Both are more than mildly impressed by
the national record of 347.400. which I
confirmed yesterday by'calllng the National

Scoreboard. located In the Twin Galaxies“

Arcade In Ottumwa. Iowa (515-684-0421
i— don't ask for Radar). But John has often
recorded the highest totals on the machines
In area bars. and when we visited Sutter's
on a muddy Tuesday It was his 109.260 at
the top of the machine,

Before I watch John play his brother, I
try to explain my pizza theory and how it
relates to high scores. 1 describe ripping
and waiting, and asks If he doesn't agree

 

    

 

PaC'MaIIIS‘L PoWer Dots

that a good Ms. game combines elements
of both: the ruthless/determination of the
ripper and the sublimated aggression of the
waiter. I explain that I'm neither. and not
only do I score poorly at Ms.. but I usually
end up ordering another slice at the bar.

John isn't sure. and tries to convey In
words the technique that has become In-
stinct after a year of play. "I always wait for
a fruit. You hate to miss a fruit,"

John drops the quarters In the machine.
and as he plays admits that my analogy has
some strengths. "My brother and | play dif-
ferently. Andy's Impatient. where I'll wait
and wait until all four ghosts are lined up. I
guess he's more of a ripper than I am. If
that's what you mean."

"I‘m gutster." says Andy. “I do the same
amount of boards In a third of the time It
takes John."

John continues. "You have to know the
ghosts pretty well. The green one Is shy.
but likes to predict what you'll do. The red
is nicknamed 'Shadow.’ and he'll go
wherever you do. The orange has a set
pattern. which he'll stick to sometimes no
matter what you do. The pink Is the
hardest. I don't know what he's all about. A

correct )Iggle will send him running, but
sometimes not. I'll show you."

John has eaten all but one power dot,
and he's trying to “induce” the ghosts to
bunch up for a complete kill. But by
demonstrating the characteristics of the
ghosts he loses concentration. and gets
caught "pathetically" early. Still. he's earn-
ed an extra man. and has 11,470 points
without having cleared the first maze.

Andy takes over while John muses on
his mistake ~ a muffed "grab and go." "I
don't care. as long as I have three guys go-
ing into the blue boards."

Andy's game more nearly resembles my
own scrambling pursuit of dots and ghosts.
He is munching a hamburger with a non-
chalance that Is disarming. but he does ap-
pear more aggressive. often chasing ghosts
across the entire board. Instead of waiting
for them to come to him. Like John. he
has trouble concentrating in these early.
slow rounds. and he drops a man early.

The pace begins to pick up. and John
begins to clear boards quickly and cori-
fidently. Mishaps are few and far between
— he 'takes too long to munch an orange
and is nearly devoured himself — but
where I would panic. the brothers barely
flinch. A mistake to the Flcos. rather, Is
missing a shot at four ghosts and 1000
points - a “four-bagger" In Andy's terms.
John Is unhappy with the behavior of the
green ghost, and wonders why he's being
such a "pest." Finally he gets It to fall In
line. and he‘retalns his perfect score -— all
ghosts eaten. all fruit con'sumed. Only by
his fourth board does he miss a ghost but
.he makes up for It with the grab of a'700

 

 

point pretzel.

       

Andy is critical of John's slopplness. diltl
talks of “g-factor." which I think has
something to do with someone's poiitrin of
good luck. John admits that preliel eating
“often takes an educated guess,"

"Andy Is critical becausu he sees his l’ac
regime going down."

“I told you. Anytime you want to play
for money. . . "

The games go on and on. the ovariiiig's
most symbolic tableau that of a mini and
woman slumped against the liar, wriiriiig
their turn to play. They've resvivr-ii the
next game. but never counted on thu I'ioi's
40 minute duel. It's less than a duel. iualty.
with Andy playing poorly. and .Iohii plriiv-
tag on, 64.200 going Into the sixth [tin/If.
97.000 points Into the ninth. The com
ments become more random as ltt' Iii-.iis
down. "You don't have to see the ghosts
change —— you ‘hear' It." “Attack the pink.
he'll slide on by." “Fucking CliL‘ltlt'S rtlttl
random fruitsl"

I've never seen the tenth board lIt my
life. and John admits he's not as litttttllrtt
with It as he’d like to be. The points are

 

coming fewer and farther between. bttt lit’

1
i
:3
i

 

keeps pressing. 117.000. 126.0hti Itii
passes his personal high and no tiltt' silt/h
anything. With one man left hr,- trips
130.000. and Is finally eaten at IIII.H7I)
for his highest score to date.

John ls smiling but restrained at llii' t‘llll
of his game. saving his celebration .i» he
would a power dot. for when it is (lifHUlVthl
and handlest. "If I hadn’t lost those men
early. I would have gotten Into the 110's "

I. on the other hand. am exhausted. .iiid
have enioved the game as much as I would
haVe playing. I feel he's done It for IIIt'

D

l QIVG Mr. Guilt the report at (liitiit'l of
the Ficos' prowess. and he doesn't let on
that he's impressed. He even goes so far to
to say that their notion of the glitlhl'n i""’
sonalities seems far»fetched Thu Snwlu'I
doesn't agree. and says Mr, Guilt Is too
abUSy eating up dots and running am"; I"
notice these things (too much thl'lll‘J "H‘l
not enough waiting. I think)

Than The Smoker starts In “It "1”"
grams." and I protest. I tell them llirtl to talk
about Ms. Pac~man In terms of pImtIiII'h
and circuitry kills the gariiu's rtlllttt' | It'll
them that I'd be happier if what l'\’t' .ilim‘si
suspected turned out to be true that llil'
ghosts pursued me more lt'ltrti ittil‘il'r'
because they were antl-semttic tho '1' i" "
laugh, but deep down I'm Serious. l.in
John and his pink ghost. I don't want t”
know what it's "all about." The riinr
domness of M5. Pac'man Is a safe lirl‘lt’ll
from those who have all the angles fittimld'
and have memorized all the patterns. when
It comes to something as basic as shariritil ‘;

 

 

 

 

 

pizza.

 

 

 

he View From The Couc

 

he scene: Irving Hall. 2nd Floor

lounge. Freshman year. Young

Albany State students. Jordan.
Alan. Vinnie. Karen. Sue. Rob. Chris.
Lisa. Elizabeth. John. etc. are gathered
around the lounge teievlsion. passing a
pleasant evening of Viewing.

In a situation like this. as we're sure
you're well aware. there Is bound to be
some conversation. Here Is where conflicts
arise, Some of the participants are serious
viewers while others are there for the social
aspect. Sooner or later. several of the
social viewers are bound to engage In some

' Chris Considine
' 69'
RobRafal

form of light-hearted conversation. As you
can well imagine. the serious viewer may
take urnbrage (to quote our good buddy
Felix) to this uncalled for and amateurish
behavior. At this time one may expect to
hear an emphatic “Shhh. you're destroying
my concentration and ruining the whole ef-
fect of the movie" from the Alan Kaplans of
your viewing circle.

Who is right? Are Lisa and Elizabeth free
to discuss their cigarette shortage in the
middle of the bonus rotrrid of “Face the
Music" or should then- be complete silence
until the next commercial? liven this may
irifurlate the commercial .iftr Ianados In the
audience. There are several schools of
thought. There are the Lll'ffll't‘tlllht'IVilllVCS.
a la Steve Stone. who feel that absolutely
no talking should be tolerated whatsoever.
Then there are those who feel talking Is ac-
ceptable. Within this group there are two
subdivisions, those who feel that in-
telligent. wellvplaced and Illuminating Iti-
sights can enhance the viewing experience.
and anarchists whose Inane. Irrelevant and
Ill—conceived comments contribute nothing
but heartache to the viewing public,

h

TV Etiquette:

 

Should Talking Be Tolerated?

 

Who has the last word?

The rangers are playing the Islanders
and Chris has just bought a box of French
Vanilla Creme Cookies. a gallon of milk.
and has Invited sortie of his uptown bud;
dles over for the big event. Unbeknownst
to him. Jay and his cronies have planned
an evening around their umpteenth view-
lng of "Up In Smoke" To complicate mats
ters further. Michael. who has been wat-
ching TV all afternoon. has his heart set on
another viewing of that modern classic.
"The Good. The Bad. and The Ugly." slnr<
ring Lee Van Cluef. What we have here. Is a
failure to Communfcate Oops! Sorry. we
got a little carried away there for .i second.
What we really have here Is a potential
brouhaha.

What will be watched? Again. there are
several ways of looking at this. Should the
one who has control of the box at that mo-
ment have the last Word? Should the one

 

who has the best argument. I e “I've only

 
 

 

seen 7 Ranger games this year and I move
ed off to watch 80." wlri out? Or should the
owner of the set exercise Complete control
and threaten to move the TV Into his own
rooin If he does not get his way trunntrig
the risk of seeing cable wires pulled our of
walls~~ "the horror. the horror")? Who's to
say?
Box Control

Perhaps our deprived t).I-1i)III|)lIh
readers (although r‘onrptts TV has become
almost bearable since the advent of WX
XA) are wondering what exactly is meant
by the term "box control" or "control of llll’
box". Although a difficuli task. we thI try
our datttdest to explain It.

The box Is that )oyful plastic til you have
CIneMax. wood If you don't) llt.‘\.'l(t.’ by
which you can enjoy your day It allows the
viewer to select any channel ltt’ ivi-iIii-s
while only having to move llltt‘ .iirri I’ln».
eliminates needless congpcrciol VIOWIIIIJ.

discomfort: ziita'wasret‘t'eiiergyf‘rncr‘pma—

The Game Of 0 Love

Wliosoeuer shall be found
Without the soul for getting down
Must stand and face the hounds of hell
And rot inside a rorpse's shell
Rod ~I'emperton

odern man. the modern mind.
wants to possess everything and
not be possessed by anything.

Modern titan wants to he the master of
everything. and we can only he the master
of things - not of happenings. We can be
the master of a house: we can be the
master of a mechanical device. You cannot
be the master of anything which Is alive.
Life cannot be mastered; you cannot
possess it. On the contrary. you have to be
possessed by It.

Hubert—Kenneth Dickey

Life is love. and It Is greater than you:
you cannot possess it. We can only allow
ourselves to be possessed by it; It cannot be
controlled. The modern ego wants to con-
trol everything. and we become scared of
whatsoever we cannot control. We become
afraid; so we close the door. We close that
dimension completely because fear enters.
We will not be in control. Love will not
allow us to control and that files In the face
of the whole trend which has led to this
century being based on how to control.

We master the things around us - of
course. only those things which are possi-
ble to possess. and side by side we also
have been developing an incapacity for
those things which cannot be possessed.
You can possess money: you cannot
possess love. Because of this we have been
turning everything into a thing. We even
attempt to turn people into things because
we can possess things. We can love. but we
cannot be the master; no one is the master
of love.

Possesslveness. the attitude to posses.
has killed our capacity to love. One should
not think In terms of possession. Rather.

 

 

 

we should think In terms of being possess-
ed. This Is what surrender means - being
possessed: for we allow ourselves to he
possessed by something greater than you.
We are not In control. A greater force will
take control, The direction will not be ours.
We cannot choose the goal. The future is
always unknown. Our minds cannot be
secure now. Moving with a greater force
than ourself. we become Insecure. afraid.

If you are afraid and Insecure. it Is better
not to move with great forces, Just work
with the forces lower than you; then you
can be the master. and you can decide the
goal beforehand. Then yon will achieve the
goal. but you will not get anything out of it.
You will have Just wasted your life.

The whole misery of modern life Is that
life Is useless. unless we love. we cannot
fee any meaning In our lives. Life begins to
look hopeless. meaningless. Love gives It
meaning; love is the only meaning. Unless
you are capable of love you will be mean-

 

lngless. and you will feel that you are ex-

 

 

Isting without any meaning. futilely. and
suicide will become attractive. Then you
will like to kill yourself. to end. becausel
what is the use of existing?

Mere existing cannot be tolerated: ex-
Istence must have a meaning: otherwise
what is the use? Why go on prolonging
yourself unnecessarily? Why go on
repeating the same pattern every day? Get-
ting out of the bed and doing the same
thing. and falling asleep and the next day
the same pattern: Why?

With the head you feel protected: with
the heart you become vulnerable. open.
Anything can happen.

That Is why we have become closed.
The fear Is there: if you are vulnerable.
anything can happen to you: someone can
deceive you. With the mind no one can
deceive you; you can deceive others. But I
tell you be ready to be deceived. but don't
close the heart. 'I'hat vulnerability to be
deceived Is of worth because you will not
lose anything by it. If you are ready to be

 

Hnmum>

son in possession. "control" of the box dtc- 5
tates what is watched. Herein lies the im-
portance of the concept. “box control." A

Control of the box carries with it much R
responsibility. The controller must entertain
himself. please his fellow viewers. and I
have a nose for just when to turn. It is both 3
a privilege and an honor to gain control of
the box. However. It can also turn Into a 9
nightmare. Think of those times whn you r,-
are all set for‘many )oyous hours of TV abs 3
sorption when. no matter where you turn.
there Is nothing but educational program-
ming. serious documentaries. long movies.
or news broadcasts. What Is a viewer to
do? Forfeit control and let someone else
give it a try? Which leads us to our next
point.

Does anybody like anybody else's con-
trol of the box? Although we all applaud
those rare excellent displays of control; this
is the exception. Haven't there been
countless times when you just wanted to rip
the box out of someone's hands during a
particularly poor performance? And
haven't there been other times when you
couldn't wait for the controller to go to the
bathroom. get a phone call. or have a fatal
heart attack so that you could gain the
inth coveted control of the box We feel
that the best approach. whenever possible.
is an honest one, Tell the controller that he
terrible and expect him to abdicate posses-
sion Incidentally, how come girls have no
tllit,’ whatsoever as to how to control the
box?

these are tust a few of the many facts of
llltll t‘IIIIIIJIEX. yet. over Important concept.
I'V litiquette We sincerely hope that
you've pondered these question. searched
your souls. and become better TV viewers
In the process.

lrll'l‘lllIVlSl()N: We'd just like to take this
opportunity to thank Norm of "Cheers" for
existing and bringing joy Into our lives.
Next week we will further conceptualize

 

 

and try to discover the Ideal TV Viewing
,i C W  i3

deceived infinitely. only their can you
belt-ive in Ilitl heart If you are calculative.
cunning. clover. too much clever. then you
will miss the heart. and modern titan ls so
educated. so sophisticated. so clever; that
Is why he has become incapable of love.

/\ great I rists is here. It is difficult now to
prevent Women all over the world from my
pying man Ilfl(l lits nonsense because man
scents to In: so successful. He is successful
in a way. he has become the master of
things. Now he possesses the whole world.
Now he feels he has conquered nature.

Now women feel that man has succeed-
ed and has become the master. so they
copy him. But look also at the thing in
which man has failed completely: he has
lost his heart; he Cannot love: Reason
alone Is not enough. and reason In control
Is dangerous. The heart must be higher
than reason because reason Is )ust an Iri-
strurnent and the heart is you.

Given the human need for love It would
seem that we have failed to obtain It. We
have come to mistake love and happiness
for success and money. Security will never
come with money or a Job. The sexual
games that we all play out in bars and balls
or hotel rooms that we visit. Is at bottom
the most human of all the things that we

0.

Plastic studs and pseudo-whores sit
upon bar stools pulling each other's puds.
looking oh so silly In the process.

We are children conre of age looking for
Mommy and Daddy to give us some head.
Dreamers lost in the lies that every culture
feeds Its young. The people we fill our lives
with are people who are useless where love
is concerned. Love has become a web that
guys and girls use to entrap their prey; a set
of values by which to torture anyone stupid
enough not to cover their ass. ‘

So we fuck over and ftrck with those that
we claim to care for. The bottom line ain't
so pretty to look at. but tiz‘it's why we call
this “love” a game. ‘ If)

 

 

 

 

V

 

