    

air

 

 

_ a"... ~. -~.~...u.s-.._.~o--..

8a sound 5 vloton'

A.

mica-rpm

237T.

:-— k~

2.;4:

ympathy For The Stones

et‘s Spend the Nigttt Together" is

nothing more than it claims to

be» a cheap. whambarn-thank
you-ma'am. one night band stand With the
Rolling Stones. Through the film we see
the Stones frotn every arrgle-- those rare
VtStIttl asrdes by Bill Wyriian. Woody's
"ktottey tunes" gritt. and (fliailie Watts‘
breaking his intense concentration to smile
It's better than being iii the audience
het‘artse yoti actually get to go on stage
with the world's greatest ruck-rt roll band
and look out «user the masses You see llit'
.ipprecrattte reaction of the fans lots of
twenty-four war old rrililes .i~ lander
struts tilttl thrusts his sittfl for llit'tt ap
prtrval And for kicks. you ran t-illltl the
hairs on Keiter chest and take bets on the
amount of space bettteeti his lt’t'lll

Gail Merrell

We start out III the dayttttte and the t ttll tl
is trrtretlible etetr real lilt' doesn't look this
good The stage. one quarter the we of a
football field. is decorated \tttli \lilttlllll
scritns and hundreds of t'\t'ilL'tl balloons
waiting to be set free We stay on the stage
rtiost of the time. gettitig a deep .rppret tit'
tion for how well the bairtl winks together
Mick. Woody. and Keitlr are air unbeatable
team who make it visually t.'.\.t'tlitrtl to see a
couple of guys stand around holding
guitars They have all of the right itigre
clients: comraderie. good-rtaturt'dtres-..
their disciplined approach to the music.
dedication to the audience and commit-
nietit to having a good time

Jagger is truly amazing He does splits
and kicks tiiat humiliate Toni Basil and all
of the Dallas Cheerleaders He parades sex
and charm while keeping one eye on the
band arid the other in the stands For the
duration of the concert he's got the crowd
concentrating on his slightest movements
When he sings “ain't l rough errrittglr'?; ain't
l tough enough?" he's answered wrth ap-
proving cheers. The Pied Piper of rock-ir-
roll strikes again.

Unfortutrately. the first five 'sotigs suffer
from bad sound quality. Suddenly. on
"Just My imagitration" somebody decided
to turn up the bass. and front here on iii the
movie. as well as the acoustics. improve.
Ernie Watts' sax is brilliant. along wrth lan
Stewart's piatio. Their best perfortriance is
on “You Can't Always Get What You
Want". the song that surprisingly got the
strongest audience reaction Jagger pitch-
ed in on guitar for several songs. only lrari’
ding the mic over once. to Keith for
”T&A" He should've held onto Il. strice
Keith seemed lost iri irorri of such a huge
crowd and flubbed his way through the first
half of the lyrics.

The highlights of the movre came when
the visual action was alternated between
the band onstage and what was going on

 

 

around them. This is what tirade "Time is
On My Side." now an MTV video. st) ap-
pealing it begins With the screen showcas~
trig four shots of each of the Stones.
something like tire cover of "Let It lie " The
rotating pictures traced the Stories front
their roots to the present. and featured the
late Briait Jones. who founded the haird iii
'ti2 and died seven years later iii a
mysterious and tragic drowning. The song
bounces back to the boys on stage. then to
coticert footage of the Stones back when
they were wearing tight slacks and mop-top
haircuts. A newspaper asks "ls Jagger
Finished as Rock idol" arid is answered by
Mick singing 'No. no no." Other special ef-
fects include a speeded-up segmenth the
stage crew setting up a massive stage which
is underlined by the Stories singing “Going
to a 60-00." The Stones have so much
draw that they could make hundreds of
girls appear on stage in silky lingerie
Literally. During “Honky Tonk Wooten"
they just kept filling up the stage. making
this the “Best Little Concert iii Arizona."
The film is directed by Hal Ashby whose
impressive credits include "Being There."
"Coming Home." and "Bound for Glory."
the last two of which are innovative in their
use of musical scores. Ashby's eye catches
all of the nuances that make the Stones
great The mutual respect and adtttlratlott
from the slight nod of a head. the buf-
foonery and childishtiess that goes on as
they chase each other around the stage.
Without one word of dialogue you feel that
you've come to know them. The hardest
thing to digest is the camera closing in on
Watts' balding head or the loose skin near

Keith's artnpit. You Just don't want to
believe that these guys are forty years old.
Ultiiriately. though. the film is boring. lt
rust can't capture the frenzied excitement
shared by those chosen two million who
actually got to see tiremin person. So. since
we cati't time travel to the actual event.
here are a few suggestions to make the
showing of this film more like ‘being there':
i. Change all ticket prices to $45.00.
2. Appoint a chorus of thirteen-year-old

     

girls with braces to scream every time Mick
rolls lrls hips.

ll. Have two incredibly tone-deaf people
sing along to every song.

4. Have the Hell's Angels slug It out In
back of the theatre.

5. Keep the volume so loud that people
have to lip-read to understand each other.

But boring or not. the Stones are still the
Stones. and Mick Is always worth seeing up
close. Cl

 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

  

   
  
  

 

N o Entity

story so shocking. so threaten—

ing. It will frighten you beyond all
Imagination." says the ad for The

Entity. Shocking and threatening it was
not. imaginative It was sometimes. Frank
[)eFelIta (of Audrey Rose fame) based The
Entity on a case study of a woman who
allegedly was raped several times by some
evil force. Carla Moran was attacked at any
time of the day. at any place including her
bathroom. her car. and in the living room
itr front of l ,r children.

.1 Rachel Marotta

 

liut that s not all folks. During a subs;-
querit psychiatric examination it was
pointed out that she had a bizarre family
background. Her father had incestuous
cravings for her while she was growing up.
and she became a mother at 15. She also
had a hard time maintaining relationships
with men (surprise). Her Al Pacino look-
alike psychiatristst (credibly played by Ron
Silver). trying desparately to hold on to his
scientific beliefs. prescribes tranquilizers.
I’oor Carla then enlists the help of a parap-
' sychology cult group to aid her and they
find that there is a supernatural force in her
'lrorne (you guessed It -The Entity).
Barbara Hershey's performance as Carla
Moratr was semi-believable. As a mother of
three children trying to make ends meet
"and as a partner to a iatrweather lover. she
is the struggling single parent personified.
Credibility however. goes out the window

 

'  (many of which break during the course of

 

'this film) with the attacks of her demon
lover. Here is a woman being sexually
'vrolated by what i would consider a
“nonentity” and yet her children who
witness an attack seem relatively unscath-
emotionally or otherwise. by these
strange happenings.

In one Instance of the entity's attack.
Carla ls readying herself for bed (how con-
venient). She winds up spread-eagle on
 the bed with invisible bonds holding her

 down while her breast are being fondled

 

 

without the aid of a visible hand. Accom-

 

panying this was the musical score that had
an erotic upbeat to go along with Carla's
rape. This tell-tale rnuslc was showed just
prior to every subsequent attack scene.

This kind of blatant abuse. sexual ex-
ploitation of a woman's fear. the entire
issue of wether she iti fact ls telling the truth
about the attack is not so far from the reali-
ty of a real attacker. The publicity would
have us believe thisa thriller. in fact there is
no real suspense. just one brutal attack
after another with a few special effects
thrown in for (pardon me) justification.
What then sets this apart from the mad-
slasher movies so common in the summer
months? Absolutely nothing.

This film really does ItOl deserve much
merit. Director Sidney l-‘urie launched his
career with such fare as Dr. Blood's Coffin,
arid clearly he is still teething. Del-'elita's
book should have remained one and
hopefully been burtred. A more apt title for
this movie should have been. “How i Was
Raped By The Invisible Man." as told by
Carla Moran to Frank DeFelita.

This film is a dehumanizing. voyeuristic
expose on rape. There seems to be ati
underlying assumption that there Is an au-
dience that seeks this kind of thrill (Is that
true?)

The only redeeming value of this film is
the acting ability of Ron Silver. His skillful
acting as the psychiatrist lends to his
believabtlity as a character. Barbara Her-
shey. complete with reputation for terminal
space cadet is actually quite good as the
tormented victim of the supernatural.

The special effects in this film are not
dazzling by any means. The Entity reveals
itself In the form of lightning. complete with
static-like sounds. it even has the ability to
give off a noxious odor not unlike that of a
skunk. This foul odor along with a sudden
temperature drop tn the room Indicates Its
presence. l detected a distinct odor myself
during this movie. and there was a distinct
chtll as I left the theater. hardly super-
natural. The only thing spooky here is that
you could be expected to pay 4 dolllars to
see this. Don't bother. Cl

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 

rongos. Try to look that word up In a
dictionary and you will find a blank
spot between drone and drool. lpro-
ably wouldn't be thumbing through a tattered
ditlon of “The Living Webster Dictionary." In
arch of that word It It weren't for a group of
ew Zealand musicians who scraped up some
oney and came to San Francisco.

Wayne Peereboom
That was in late ~78. Since tltdr'rTlFfTrogm

a ....

—moved to New York

—made Lt living as street musicians

——settled Into the club scene

—cut a single that has got airplay on St) sta-
Iotrs across the US.

thliin a month they will . .
—go Into the studio to ctil their first album.
with..

—tlte prospect of signing with a major label
New Zealand. a country with ll million spread
over air area the site of Great llrtttari can have
Its ltrtrltations ~~especially for tltow with higher
aspirations. Drongos guitarist, keyboard player
atttl vocalist Jean lift-Allister explained "There's
' really only so far you can go lit-lore the energy
runs out. It just seemed healthy to seek out
some new territory. Guitarist. vocalist Richard
Kennedy agreed. "Individually I think we’d all
. ‘ run the gatntrt ol the music scene there (New
_Zealand). We'd all played In various hands and
we'd all reached the stage where we wanted to
. travel.
Wllli he phone number of a frterttl ltt San Fari-
' clsco. the four (with another baritl member) left
- New Zt-aland. Like arty other adventure. there
were anxieties. Kennedy explained: "i
remember thinking a matter of days before we
left. on a scale of extremes. we could get over
there and find ourselves absoltitely unable to
subsist and just find ourselves lust crawling back
to New Zealand tti six months. On the other
hand. we tntgltt get over there and )ust find peo-
ple bowled uver musically atrd culturally.
‘ Anything between that could ltave happened."

As might be expected. it was something “in
between" that happened They quickly fuutttl
work pruviditig rnustc for a theatre group they
had worked with itt New Zealartd. The group
had left the country about three tironths before.
Soon. they were also able to fIttd work playing
clubs In Berkley as well as the Fillmore.

Still there were a few adjustment problems
Ketinedy explained. “Part of the culture shock
was a musical culture shock There was a lotrg
period of olist-tvtttg what was popular here and
being influenced by a more rrrtetrtational music
scene "

McAlllster added. “in San Francisco there
were two schools. The old school with the bands
like the Starship arid the Dead Then there were
the new bands tiist starting to make their way
like the Dead Kennedy's atitl Pearl Harbor and
the Explosions 7- the new bands influenced by
new wave. ptttrk arid stuff We didn't really fit
into either cattip The San Francisco music
scene wasn't very energetic It seemed to be a
period of traitsttion "

Anyway. in '7‘) tlte band that originally catne
to San Francisco split up and the filth member
disappeared. The remaining mernhers headed
for New York.

They relocated in a hotel on 49th street.
Although they were playing wttlr a theatre group
in the East Village. there were still problems
making ends meet. The weekly hotel bill was
adding up.

All of this was soon to change. Another resi-
dent of the same hotel ~ air older violin player
named Rubin —- would stop itt nightly to see the
Show. McAllIster recalled:”We had like $40 bet-
ween the three of us and the bill had to be paid
the next week. Things were kind of dire." She
recalled that Rubin suggested to drummer
Stanley Mitchell. that he grab his snare drum.
dress nice. and go out on the street and play.

50. she said the next day “Stanley went out
with a little waistwat and a sign saying ‘l'm a
wonderful chap on my way to Londort '— any
contributions would be appreciated however
great or small. Thank you.' He went out on the
street corner terrified. it was still cold — April
Anyway. he came home after one day with
$80."

Band members see this as the real beginning
of the Drongos.

" After that we kittd of hustled around."
McAllister said. "and bought battery powered
amplifiers. We had to do it. The first day we
went out to the park we made $67 In trickles.
dimes arid quarters as well as dollar bills. |t inst
knocked us out. We couldn‘t understand wiry
more rock and roll bands didn't do that. It
slimmed pretty easy for u§."i : i A

Not suprlslngly. there were a few problems

 

llr
“An-r r-rr-— - v m'u‘

 

 

 

he Drongos: St

playing on the street. Kennedy recalls:“when
we were first out there we used to be sort of in-
tlmtdated by just the street life. We were out of
tawners lust off the boat. Bums would come up
and start giving us a real hard time. We
wouldn't know how to handle them at all."

Jean added. "a couple of heavy situations
taught us some good lessons about what you
can do and what you can't do."

Besides the hunts. city police would also pre-
ient a problem McAllister recalls. “We'd get
noved all the time from corners by cops who
really didn't want to do It." "They were embar-
assed." Kennedy said. "but their superiors
would yell at them if they didn't titove us."

Practically every day they iitt the street. They
could fttid a good spot on the sidewalk —~ a
avottte spot became the corner of Stillt and
droadway -- or iii the park They'd set up. and

i crowtl would begin ttr gather Kennedy said

Photo perspectives by Leslie Frutkin

they'd generally play 20 minute sets over a
period of about two and a trail hours.

Eventually they would no longer have to de-
pend on the streets for their livelihood. Kerr-
nedy explained: “We started to work tip some
(original) songs arid started to look around the
cliib scene in New York." The Drongos first club
data came about as the result of art audition
night at CBGB's in early 1980. From there they
played other well known clubs such as Max's
Katisas City and the Ritz.

"We started workltrg the club scene alongside
the street," Kennedy said. "it used to be pretty
wierd -— we'd play to a full house at the Ritz and
then the next day we'd go out and play on the
street People would walk by and say.‘hey. i
saw you at the Ritz last tttght.’ anti they'd be see-
ing its for free on a street corner."

Despite the fact they can now make a living
from what they make In the clubs. it Is clear that

.,..__,_,...._.‘.,._,.A. . .. ,«f. = .v »

 

 

 

an“... .......... rue... . .-« ~- «m»

the Drongos do not want to get too far away
from the street. McAllister explained. "The
street is good for keeping your hand In —— keep-
Ing the Idea of performance and Intensity at
which you have to play to get across to II group
of people."

it is also clear that the street Is their first love.

Kennedy: "it's such a lot of fun on the street.
To see a bunch of stockbrokers loosen their ties.
put their briefcaSes down and start dancing ls
pretty heartening."

Mc/tlllster: “There are all kinds of people.
every kind of person you could Imagine. Ladies
from out of town who are on their way to Broad-
way shows. stop and watch In wonderment.
They've seldom seen an amplified band and an
amplified band on the street —— forget It. Fur-
ther. we all ltave lurtny accents and we all sing.
They're kirocked tnit "

Kennedy "That's the thing about the street —

.leon Mc/iflister

 

the variety of people who are attracted to the
hand. There are lower East Side puiikers and
people from the Upper West side. i think initial-
ly we were forced to appeal to a wide range of
people and then it became fun."

Kennedy said the band last played the street
last October and plans to be back out there as
soon as the weather permits.

While they wait for the weather to warm up.
there is the matter of recording a record album.
They seem ready to record. 0n the other side
of street musicians one may see a band that has
taken its time and calculated the best time to cut
in album.

Kennedy: "We've thought about recording
time we started. Over a period of years. we‘ve
tad quite a number of offers biit we always felt
hat th band hadn't been going long enough.

e ﬁnd have enough ammunition on our side
.td su Ive going Into big time deals. Too many

 

reets 8: Studios

 

 

bound & vision 9a

A

S

P

E

C

T

bands Jump Into (record) deals before they 5

:liscover what they are. We are lust really pleas- F

ad that we've held off." E

McAllister seems to see recording as a natural B
step for the band: "You have to make records If

you want to be a successful band. By suc- 1

cessful. I mean Just getting your message across 8
and enioylng and have other people entoying It.

which is the main reason you're doing It. To I

teach a bigger audience you have to record. 3

There's no way around it unless you want to 3

play the same bars every night and iust have
your regulars "

Tire Drongos are also Interested In expanding
their base beyond New York They have
already built tip strong followings in Albany as
well as ltltaca. arid have played Rochester.
Syracuse. and Binghaniton

Kennedy "To try and come up through the
(New York) club scene is pretty rnticli impossi-
ble liespite the fact that It seems the eyes of the
world are on those clubs atttl it seems atryhody
t'ttllltl ltreak otit ol lltt'lI! it's not quite like that
l'ltt'lt' are hands the Talking Heads and the
llattitrtres that have «unite out of New York
but i think they're teal ext eptrotis 'r's'ltt'll you've
ltt't'tt I|| Nets Y: nk .t \iltrli- it‘s easy to believe that
it Is the teal notitl that if you play there long
enough then you'll Just make it It doesn't take
long to realize that to make it til l\1t'\\' York is to
make it III New York You've got to go
elsewhere '

Currently the lirotrgos are ready to sign with a
[)llttlttclttrtt rontpany which trrtltitles one of the
loiitrdtrrg members of lilood Sweat and Tears.
Steve Kat/ who wrll be producing the alhuttt
Kat). has produced Lou Reed among others
ertle a nuinlrer of major labels »— RCA.
Polygram. (TBS. Ah'tM. and Atlantic among
them v- have expressed Interest iii the Drongos.
they have yet to stgti a record contract. The
band hopes to record three or tour songs and
tlteri go to the record cotnparries They would
like to have ati albutn on the market by late sum~
titer or early fall

The batrd has Blue Rock studios (where Joe
Jackson recorded Night and Day) booked for six
weeks beginning at the end of this tnonth

They are very optimistic about the sessions.
Mticlt of this t)|)ltit|l~ittt is dtie to their faitlt in pro-
dticer Kati

Kennedy "We've dealt wttli a lot of people
who wanted to produce and riot many of thettr
listened to the band ftit wltat it is But he's
(Kalll listened to the haitd ttt its totality arid has
a pretty close impression rrf what we want to put
on an album "

l.lke riiaiiy trew hands, the lliotigo sound is a
hard one ttr classify There are heavy doses of
pop. new wave and plattr old lock and roll with
a dash til the trti's thrown iii The tttetnlreis
have experience tltat ranges from country rota/I.
to rock theatre The songs range frottr short pop
tunes to longer. wandering rants it's a basic
four piece battd with McAllrster alternating bet-
ween second guitar arid keyboards

There is no one front person lur the batrd
Mitchell. McAllister. attd Kennedy alternate on
lead vocals and bassist Tony McMastet [our
tributes backittg vocals for a total of seven possr
ble combinations Further. instrumental stiltJS are
rather short anti not prominent It] most of the
songs. Overall. it's a texture orientated sound.

individually. they play their instruments well
and are very tigltt as a band — probably the
result of honing their sound on the street as well
as frequent janr sessions iii their Manhattan loft.

Most of the lyrics are written by Mitchell.

Kennedy:“|f he writes a political song. it's not
going to say 'workers of the world unite and
throw your chains offt' He's going to say it in a
way that you are going to have to dig for the
meaning a bit more The satne in a romantic
song it's not ‘1 love you. You love me boy
titeets girl type of song You're going to have to
dig a bit He runs the gamut of subject mat-
ter—political. romantic or just humorous
lifestyle comments."

Live. the Drongos put on a dynamic show.
maintaining their intensity from start to finish.
They mix it up well' lead vocals. as well as song
length and type. They even do several songs
with Mitchell just playing snare drum as he does
on the street. When they play a cover of another
band's song. it Is an Interpretation of that song.
not a reproduction. They cover motown as well
as a 1962 hit song from New Zealand radio.

Will the Drongos return to New Zealand?
"We'd really like to go back and do a tour
there." Kennedy said. "but i don't think any of
us can realistically say we want to go back there
to live because we've so much established
here."

By the way. Drongo is a 60's slang term from
New Zealand. Someone could be called a
“drongo” or said to be acting “drongoish.” '-
=Beyifind that. band members pretty much leave;
it a mystery. [t‘

 

 

 

 

