 
 
 

MAstwﬂ‘Km . ...- g 

t
r
l

 

 

 

AAAAAAA
'vvv'v

  

  
  

'  .41.qu s’erENrpREss u DECEMBER 2.1933

shéiutdfna ve more time to file suit

 

By Aileen Brown
STAIF WRITER

sent, in which a breach of duty by

the manufacturer led to the‘
J .

incurred by the toxic vic-

 

Asbestos, the drug DES and

‘ hazardous waste dumps were the
topics of a Toxic Victims Forum

~ sponsored by the New York Public
Intert Research Group Wednes-
day night. The fomm included a
personal injury lawyer, an internal
medicine specialist, and an asbestos

victim. The forum also included a
film entitled “DES-The Timebomb

The forum addressed the issue of

the rights of toxic victims in New
York State. Currently. the law
allows these victims only three years
from the date of their exposure to
the chemicals to sue. “However.
the injuries sustained from, these
toxic substances often do not ap—
pear until 10. 20 or more years after

V the 19605.

tim. In these cases the victims were
denied their right to sue due to tht
statute of limitations. She par-
ticularly emphasized one case lr
which she was involved with:
Steinhardt vs. Johns Manville. In
this case. the plaintiff brought suit
on behalf of her father. an asbestos
worker who had contracted cancer
and died as a result of his exposure
to the substance.

"Tile manufacturers of asbestos
knew as early as the 19305 that
asbestos was dangerous. but they
did not tell the distributors." stated
Toomey. Warnings about its harm-
fulness were not made known until
she added. * “The
manufacturers had a duty to pro-
duce a safe product. ,Yet when they

 

“We must provide some
legal recourse for these
victims”

—-Richard Tyner

 

exposure," said Marybeth Toomey.
a personal injuries lawyer with ex-
perience with asbestos victims.
“The problem is, what happens if
you ingest a product that has a
latency period before the damages
appear? These victims have con-
sistently been denied their day in
court."

Toomey illustrated several court
cases, dating from 1936 to the pre-

A-AAAAAAAAAAAAAA
vvvvvv'vv'vvvvv'v

AAA
'

 

‘A‘A
v

breached this duty. the victims had
no recourse in the courts bccausc
the disease did not appear until
more than three years after their cx-
posurc," she noted.

Following Toomcy, a film cntitl-
ed "DES-The Timcbomb Drug"
was shown. This graphic ﬁlm.‘
which depicted several women who
had been given DES whilc preg-
nant, and their children, was

0"

shown. The film showed several of
these “DES daughters" who had
contracted such illnesses as vaginal
cancer. conception problems and an
increased propensity for miscar-
riages due to the drug. The film
stated that DES.a synthetic estrogen
(diethylstildestrollt given to many
pregnant women between
1941-1971 to prevent miscarriages.
not only had been shown to cause
cancer in laboratory animals but
had also been shown to be ineffec-
tive in preventing miscarriages. Yet
doctors continued to prescribe this
"wonder drug" to their patients.

The second speaker was Dr.
Richard Tyncr, an internal
medicine specialist. Tyncr il-
lustrated the effects of asbestos on
workers. and also some of the
damages which can result from ex-
tended exposure to asbestos.
“Asbestos is not a totally bad pro-
duct," stated Tyner. “It is cheap.
plentiful and a good insulator of
heat. chemicals, electricity and
sound. The potential problem arises
when a ceiling gets wet or damaged,
and the asbestos fibers in the ceiling
are liberated. This is when the
asbestos which was serving it very
good purpose becomes dangcrous."
he noted.

Tyncr then described some of the
effects asbestos has on the body.
“The asbestos you ingest now
docsn't show up casin for 10, 20 or
30 years. People wlto have worked
with asbestos have a five times
greater chance of having an abnor-
mal chest X-ray than the average
person. A non-smoking asbestos
worker has ten times the chance of
contracting lung cancer, while a
smoking asbestos workcr has over a

AAA‘AAAAA A
A‘AAAAAAAAA AA
vvv'vvvvvvvvvvvv'vv'vv

and

present

'Lawv‘efrehargesthat taXic victims

Marybeth Toomey, personal l_njurles lawyer

 
     

KENNY KIRSCH UPS

Manufacturers have a responsibility to produce a safe [tr—07:17:

hundred times greater chance of
contracting this disease. And 95
percent of all patients with cancer
of the lungs die within two years of
the diagnosis," he said. “In addi-
tion, asbestos workers also have a
chance of contracting cancer of the
bowel, stomach and larynx. Thc
fact is that asbestos docs produce
diseases. and that thcrc is a certain
time lag before the disease appears.
Wc ntusl providc for somc legal
recourse for these victims."

The forttm concluded with Bill
Hamilton. a former asbestos
worker who is now a victim of
asbestosis. "i joined the asbestos
union in 1945," said Hamilton.
“According to the New York
statute, I would ltavc had to filc suit
for damages in 1948. But I didn’t

b

Billy Idol

$7 W/ Tax Card

On sale in the Campus Center

 

 

  

Sunday, Dec. 11 In the University Gym 8:00pm

All tickets $10
nite of the show

$10 General Public

Lobby

 

cven kriow than I “as \lcl until
1978. l was constantly falling
asleep, coughing trnd | 111111 trouble
breathing. It wasn‘t until i \tcttl to
rny third doctor lllttl it um t'\t‘n

diagnosed as tlsbcstnsis."
Hamilton. an tlxltcsttts worker for
36 years. was also prcsitlcnt of thc
ttnion at onc time. "During thc tinrt
in which l was president, \tc hntictl

40 men. Thc ttvcrttgc :rgc ot tltcw
men was 45. Tltc mcrttgc ttgc i111
asbestos workcr lives to lllllltlllllll)‘

is 52-54. l'vc been luck). I'm 5‘)
already."

Following tltc spcntctx. Nl'l’lkti
project coordinator l’uul llcrtick
commented on NYI’lRG's involvc-
ntcnt in trying to chuttgc lhc \ltlltllc

10>

Tickets Still Available ‘

 

vv'v' AAvAvAAAv

S.A. Funded

 

            
           
      

i
t
l
l

 

 

ROBERT LUCKEV UPS

Brian Jacobs, an editor at the new publicatlon
Hopes magazine will raise people '3 consciousness. -

Senate eyes program elimination

 

By Jon Willmott
STrll-F WRITER

 

By an 11-8-1 vote. the Council on Educa-
tional Policy (EPC) voted to endorse the
Uttivcrsity 'Administrution's proposal to
phase out the undergraduate Business Educa-
tion program at SUNYA. Under tltc plan,
those cttrrcntly enrolled and those students
who have 24 or more credits as of September,
1983 would be allowed to complctc the pro-
gram, which is part of SUNYA's teacher
education department.

“erile we are never happy to see
something phased out, something has to go"
said John Hammond, chairperson of the
Long Range Planning Committee. He stated
that it was a relatively straightforward deci-
sion to endorse the phase-out.

The reasons for the proposed phase out
were budgetary according to Francine Frank
who chaired the EPC.

Robcrt Koff. Dean of the School of
Education said that “Faculty members in-
volvcd with the program have been lost over
the years. especially in 1976 when the Univer-
sily was in a ttinc ofrctrcnchmcnt." He cited
this its part of the budgetary woes that have
brought the program to its ettd.

Mitch Fcig and Eric Dorf. two of the five
student members on the EPC both voted
against the endorsement. Dorf said that while
the reason was budgetary. he thought the
reason was that business education was the
most convenient thing to cttt. Fcig statcd “I
don’t think they looked for alternatives.
They needed a scapegoat quickly."

Fcig also mentioned that there were
rcnsons other than financial difﬁculties. “It
didn't fit in with thc university’s plans for the
future." he said.

Dorfund Fcig both elaborated further say-
ing that “We (SUNYA) supply 85 pcrcent of
business education teachers in New York."
There is an ttndcrsupply of business educa-
tion teachers in New York right now and the
dropping of SUNYA‘s program will make
the situation worse according to Dorf and
Fcig. Koff agreed saying “There is clearly a
need for this program. It has a long rich
tradition and is very significant."

Defending the decision for the phase out.
Frank said “we decided it is least of—
priorities."

The decision was based on a report by Vice
President for Academic Affairs. Judith
Rumnlcy. In the report she stated that while
the program is presently outstanding, hcavy
expenditures of fundslor new equipment in
the urea 01‘ word processing and data process-
ing would be required to keep the program
viublc. It also stated that the number of
faculty engaged in the program should be
kept constant or enlarged.

Ramalcy's report was based on a review of
the Business Education program conducted
by Professor JamesH. Jackson, Chair of the
Department of Business Education at
Virginia Commonwealth University, and
Calfrcy 'C. Calhoun, Profcsor and former

Chair of the Department of Business Educa-
tion at the University of Georgia.

Dorf objected to the report because he and
other council members never saw the
research. “The only information l have is
what site (Ramalcy) gave me." Fcig said that
Dr. Bertha Wakin of the teacher education
department. also objected to the report and
thought they could get by without-the ncw
eqttiptncnt and with the present staff.

Fcig also raised objections to the voting
process. He said it was originally an open
ballot but when a closed ballot was sug-

 

.. .w ...4.

1. {Mir

_ DECEMBER 2.1933 1:1 ALBAlesIUDENT PRESS ‘ ‘

formed under ASP auspices

 

By, Steve Fox
5508 EDlml

The Albany Student Press Corporation,

' the independent publisher of the Albany Stu-

dent Press. in an unprecedented move is ex-
panding its operators and will start
publishing a new ‘magazlne entitled
Worldview within the next two weeks.

The new publication was the brainstorm of
the president of Amnesty International,

.Brian Jacobs. He said .that he wants the

magazine to raise people‘s consciousness
about international events and situations.

The magazine is going to be run by an
editorial collective, Jacobs added, which con-
sists of himself, former ASP editor-in—chicf
Dean Betz. past ASP managing editor Wayne
Peereboom. former ASP news editor Sue
Milligan, and former NADIR editor Mike
Benson.

Jacobs said he was inspired to start a
‘ with an international perspective
after he saw the Turkish film Yol. Hc ex—

gcstcd, University President Vincent O'Lcary
objected to it. Fcig said it appeared that the
President was trying to pressure the council
members into voting with him. “People are
afraid to go against him (President
O’Leary)" he added.

The proposed phase out of the
undergraduate program will not affect the
graduate program according to Frank.

The business education program is among

‘ the oldest at SUNYA dating back to when the

University was known 'as the Albany Tcach
'er's College. ['1

 

Students send holiday cards
to. marines stationed in Beirut

 

Committee.

The Marines were sent to Lebanon by
President Reagan originally to oversee the
evacuation of the Palestine Liberation
Organization forces in September 1982.
They, along with troops from France and
Italy. are now trying to keep peace among
the various factions that are fighting for
control of the country.

The organization is being very careful to
keep the project non-partisan, “we’re not
taking the Republican stand" on whether

' or not the soldiers should be in Beirut, said
Will Kamishlian, vice president of the
organization.

Both Cohen and Kamishlian stressed the
idea that the Adopt A Marine project was

ment the policies.

him.

‘n Beirut.

 

By Jim O'Sullivan
and Lisa Queenan

As the Marith in Lebanon face a holiday season away from home, students are
showing their support by sending cards and letters to Beirut through the Adopt A
Marine program being sponsored by College Republicans and the Republican National

“I feel for them, Christmas is a time for family, what they're giving up is a lot." said
a student as she ﬁlled out a Christmas card for one of the Marines in Beirut.

CR President Dave Cohen said the program is designed to show the Marines in
Berirut, all members of the 22nd and 24th Amphibious Units, the moral and spiritual
support the American people have for thcm.

not created to show support for Reagan’s foreign policy but for those who had to imple-

CR is picking up the cost of the cards, explained Cohen. sitting at a table in the Cam-
pus Center lobby with an assortment of over 25 different cards displayed in front of

Many people were not aware the cards were free and were just passing by the table.
Cohen said. “People don‘t know we're here and that we're doing this."

Items will also be collected to be pttt into care packages for the Marines. Anything
from cigarettes to personal letters or small gifts would be appropriate, Cohen said.

The cards and contributions will be sent to the 22nd and 24th Amphibious Units
headquarters' in the United States. The Marines will then ship everything tovtbe soldiers

An interest meeting was held Wednesday night for the program, and Cohen said over
20 people volunteered to sit at the table in the Campus Ccrtter lobby December 1 and 2.
or canvass the dinner lines at each quad December 5. .

Over 75 cards were signed in the first few hours of tabling. Kamishlian said. The goal
is to have several hundred cards Sent from SUNYA to the Marines.

“Because I'm a political science student and I'm concerned and thinking about
them." is why sophomore Kai Elken decided to send a card. She said she feels sorry for
the Marines because they're not going to see their families over the holidays. E]

  
  
      

Dave Cohen RACHEL Ltrwtu ups

 

plained that the movie presented a dichotomy
'of cultures that people in the United States
are of. For most people. Jacobs
maintained, “there is no understanding of

.culture besides our own. This type of com- ‘

munication is important."

The magazine will be concerned with inter-
national affairs. such as human rights. Betz
noted. “The editors hope to present polities.
culture. and art in an international perspec-
tive,” he explained.

Jacobs emphasized that he wants the
magazine to make people aware of interna-
tional situations concerning ‘them.
Peereboom, though. said that the magazine
is "not for everybody." He added that‘peo»
ple who are interested in the world situation
are going to read the magazine. “Hopefully,
though. people are going to relate to the
magazine.” Peercboom said.

Betz noted that the magazine will be good
for the SUNYA campus. that it will help
diversify interests. “This is not an intellec-

tually diversified campus," he explained. ’

“students don’t look outside the campus to
the country. the world, or even the city,"
Betz stressed. He said that he hoped the
magazine will make students realize that.
"there is a world out there.”

“We have a direct responsibility for what
happens around the world." Jacobs pointed
out in emphasizing the need to make people
aware of situations on an international scope.
“People don’t understand how interrelated
we (United States) are with other countries."

Jacobs noted that human rights violatio.
around the world cvcntttally result in resent-
ment of the United States. "We have to take
responsibility as the superpower we are, in
human terms," he added.

Betz, who chairs the ASP Corporation's
Board of Directors. said that Worldview is
now part of the corporation and that the
magazine has the right to thc ASP's equip-
ment. area, and reputation. He added that
the corporation is loanin'g'Worldview $350 to
get off the ground.

Jacobs explained that he approached the
Corporation’s Board of Directors at the sug-
gestion ofASP cditor-in-chief Mark Gesner.
Gcsncr opposed the idea of the magazine be:
ing Student Association funded because, he
said} “if funded by SA, they would have
final say on editorial content and would be
the publisher." Gesner said it is safe to say
that the Corporation Board would never try
to censor or prohibit editorial decisions.

Jacobs said he finally decided to go with
the ASP Corporation because he did not
want the ovcrltcad and censorship that would
accompany being SA funded. He added that
he was surprised and happy at the eagerness
of the corporation to get involved. He prais»
ed the knowledge and dedication of the
editorial collective, saying, “their knowledge
and know-how pulled it together and made it
possible."

Gesncr praised the introduction of a new

' publication on campus. saying. “it is a dif-
ferent kind of publication that will fill a gap.
that present publications are unable to fill.”
He added that the people putting ottt the
‘ )ublication arc of very high caliber, “and on
hat basis you can be sure it (Worldview) will
cc of high quality." Gesncr said that he was
optimistic about the magazine's prospects.

Jacobs explained the 20-pngc pilot issue is
primarily for the SUNYA campus but that it
will be distributcd downtown as well. Jacobs,
and everyone involved. mentioned the
possibility of distributing statewide next
semester, but. Jacobs noted. “there are limits
as to what to do at this point."

The magazine. Jacobs said, will not be
solely. straight foreign affairs, but will be
balanced with lighter articles on an interna-
tional scope. “You can be funny and raise
consciousness," he added.

The pilot issue will contain writings from
several SUNYA professors and students. in-
cluding political science professor (‘an
Larkowski and Worldview editor Mike Ben-
son. Jacobs said that the purpose of the first

'issuc is to build a base. “It is hard to ap-
proach authors around the world. we have to
establish ourselves on an international scope,
we can then approach authors after we are

. established," Jacobs explained.

Gesner supported the magazine and

'. declared that. “it is clearly the ﬁrst step in the

‘ of theASPCorporation." El

 

 

i

