S
r.
‘(_

 sr»€«7-W5'.“ﬂ. <

«1.17,

 

   

\

6 ALBAN Y-‘S TUBE N T PRESS [:1 OCTOBER 28.1983

 

 

 

9

A cHEAFTTiiCK
NEXT POSITION PLEASE

    

Dancing ni- II Carat tart- It

 

incrunmg
Night Away
v0 m r IDderttno/Nuven - Falling

     
 

cottons ELUB 

  

KISSING TO BE CLEVER

Do You Really Want 'ra Nun Me
Time term or The Heath/l II Tumble 4 Va
Irrr Armior Ml‘ (llmtttlltLuve Twist

    

 

 

 

 

tw.mr A New thou/trim turn
'1'

EtttiECTtE'rerto
8r TlIE ATTRACTIONS ‘
PUNCH THE CLOCK

Shipbulldln [The lnvlltbll M

 

 

 

    

if

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ready....set...save monett.

, and get a # w
Free triant
» Poster!

Free/or the swift: 'l‘hc lll'Sl 200 people who btty two of the new, h it CBS
records or cassettes shown here will receive a giant hill—color poster of a CBS
artist or group! These store display posters are limited edition instant

collectors‘ items. . . not available for sale. Better ht dry in . . .orall you‘ll get
will he the giant savings!

 

I
t HUEY LEWIS AND . SPANDAU tiAtttzi t “$5,333, (jl'hlllilﬁ-W‘
THE NEWS ’ mt”? in it tttr’\tt,"t‘trrr \
4 ‘ spurns ' ....... .  i av;  at...
i H‘vtllrrrxr‘wz H IrrrrtttlalrtttrlT‘It'Jsttrl‘ ; ’ Hoot“ tutqltrlltttlltrtttt‘lrrwtr
litt' mum or llnlt- Ami trurr ‘ ‘ illirtitirtvlllr‘i.idyulﬂl'f]H” ',

 

’9 I 5
l at
x/ / t
I  — . i
///I L. _.. .. _ _ M
t
“I... t.«..t..().
‘ Slitillll’l' \II'J ‘HHIJS
"In Tum/Ca was Itlclutllnn
506ml Orphan/Hm l’rtctrmnn Ill)th N Null ll Klttt anttunl Ahlmll
VIN.‘ Venllltlll (SIIII HelleII) Tout Ltlllu Diatlrnttr nITtnItI DI Gold
’ ‘- , lIlttebIrd
t
is. It
FASTWAY ___£__4 ALDONOVA

Including:
vhf/Fool MI. Touch M

     

 

)6  '-
 ﬁit. -

BONNIE TYLER
Asren THAN tHE SPEED or NIGHT

ructoum
tulat Eclipse Clique Heart
5‘ u

7 PAT BENA'I‘AR :
t.tvri l-‘ROM EAR'I‘H
lllvbll€AugxglvllTld

rrtr Mn Will! Your tint Sllul rm" "1'" "m ’p w 0' "mm
"minimum/rim Atttl Ice "' v“ Em 5”" m" "m7
tr: A thnulu om tin-minim Mu ﬂack

 

 

 If,“ ’ " I], “-
warren..th scatterer!
- Available at 
RECORD TOWN Locations:
Wolf Road
Latham Circle Mall
The Mohawk Mall in Schenectady

incruarn v ‘D" ‘ﬁc'lm'lg‘ W“ w"“"w" “"m‘I" °"“ and "'ccttdiilg'ttrgm
5".ng I w,..."y’,.. mm. W W"" V0“ W‘" Mlttlbuv 0" via" aunt-ritzy Opelnl
The Grill!“ YtrtnnIPttlI Amt Sulp u'-' 'i ' ~ I'u' Crv Dmhv Ctr/Victer 0' A "when It

 

 

SUBJECT . . . . . Alllll NOVA

in
out

 

 

Y. CM .1

 

 

 

 

By Gall Merrell

ASPECTS I;'ltl IUR

 

For the past 30 years. a small,
brown-haired woman has been don-
nlng a stiff orange smock rind
preparing grilled cheese sandwiches
and subs-to-go.

Rose Sol'fey started working for
University Auxiliary Services (UAS)
on Nov. 9. I953. Site was hired as
an assistant manager for the snack
bar downtown in llrribaclrer Hall.
Although she was only 32, Rose
already had four children of her
own. not incltidittg _
the students. "I 
felt like they were .
my ow ti  e
c h i l d r e n .
because they did conic and ask me
for adivce.“ Rose remembered.
~"l've gotten very close to my
students. any tirrre they want advice
they come in to see me."

Arid eotne tltey do, becartse Rose
is such uneasy persotr to talk to. It's
been fourteen years now tlitrt Rose
has been supervisor for the snack
bar in SUNYA’s Ratlrskellar. brrt
her attitude towards the students re-
mains just as warm tts when she
began working for UAS. "I've
always loved working with the
students. they‘ve always inspired
me." she said.

The inspiration is mutual. beitig
tnost evident in the 'ay the students
and Rose work together. The at-
ntosplterc at the snack bar is relax-
ed, yet Rose commands rt lot ol~
respect. The kids the iii. telling
Rose that they‘ve finished "doing
meatballs." asking if she'd like
tlrctn to empty the trash containers,
seeing how she's doing. .lolin l-‘ottg.
a junior who‘s been working for
Rose for tliice yr rs now. said that
"Rose is always pleasant. .. she
always says liotr' or hey drill."
Although he admits that working
behind the counter isn't the best
type of cniployrncirt he could get.
he enjoys it. A lot of that enjoy-
riterit comes from the atmosphere
that Rose has created. “She's pretty
serious about HAS. . . sltc rlct'iirite~
ly cares.“ e\pltrincd .lttltll.

“A lot of the students have asked
me not to leave.“ said a trusty-eyed
Rose. "but tiry husband has been
retired for four years now and we

 

 

 

UAS worker Hose Solley _

"(Wt/ll rrvir/vi/rgrfnr UAS Nov. 'irf'ﬁjsfw‘“

want to spend time together. I'm
really worried about leaving.
though. it ltas been a loitg time."

Upon reflecting on her tenure at
SUNYA. Rose noted that she
hasn‘t found any difference In the
collective personality of tire
students that she meets torlay. aiirl
those that she kiicw when she begait
working 30 years ago. ltc only dif-
ference that she notices is that when
she worked downtown at llrubachci
it was tr lot more personal. “You
cart hardly get to know the kids ~»
we‘re always so busy." Rose
lamented.

liven though she is so busy. Rose
is able to discuss career strategies
with her workers. “I don‘t tlrlnk
that a bachelor's is strll'icicirt airy
loiigci‘. It's much harder to find
jobs, so many of the students will
lta\c to git on for more rlcgices."
Rose stlitl that was't the case it)
years ago. “When I first stattcd
studcnts wcrc only getting their llA.
now they‘re getting their masters
aird more. I've had some students
tor sercn or eight y

(letting rnorc degrees translates
itito working long and hard. trit iii-

 

 

lt'ttrill part of Rose's philosophy.
After the snack bar closes at It
|t.ttl., Rose will clean counters.
prepare the next day's food and
reorgaui/e herself until 3 a.m.. a
full four ltotrrs later.

Why would such an amilritiorrs.
drivcti person stay in one job for 30
years‘! Rose shrugged Ilcl‘ shoulder
and choked oit the words "i love
the students... they're
wonderful."

Rose also loves to talk with her
customers. She feels that her job is
very special. as she‘s responsible for
feeding the same people their dinner
every tiiglit. “I do watit tltcrrr to t'ccl
in a very comfortable sttrte when
they come in here to hrry food."

After all those years Rose hasn't
lost ltci taste for cooking. She lures
to cook “spaghetti. rat ioli, veal. . .
uharcwr.“ In between making
meals. uorkittg and kcepittg house.
Rose raised ltct four children. And
no“. for the first liriic iii three
decades, tltc \i\ty-two year old UAS
worker ctrii rcla.\.

"l have some things planned. . .
\otnc trips. . .just t'cla\ing with my
husband and watching TV," t

‘OCTOBER 28,1983 tt ALBANY‘STUDENT‘PRESS 7

 

 

O’Leary, gives bus fee
task force more time;
no action till April

By Ian Clements

 

 

In a memorandum released Monday, President Vincent O‘Leaiy air-
norrnced that any implementation ola bus fee will be postponed until at
least April l. 1984. in order to give the task force be appointed more
time to study the issue.

O'Leary has agreed to a request by the task force on University has
Proposals to postpone the date on which that body will present its
recommendations. according to Strident Association President Rich
Schafl‘er. The deadline date has been pushed back from Nov. l to Dec.
l. Scltnffer said.

He added that the task force's requested deferral was made because
its members felt that they could present better options to the president it‘
they had additional time to investigate funding alternatives.

In a related issue. Central Council has requested that the task t'orce's
meetings he made open to the prrbllc. Central Corrncil has cited New
York State's Open Meetings Law as the basis for this request.

According to Selrat‘t‘er. "We (Central Council) are submitting a state
tnent to ask the Chair (Professor Shelton Bank) to open the meeting.
We are not srtre what we are going to do." he said. bttt added that "we
are going to cottsrilt the eomtrtittee first." Schaffer is one of the three
student members on the Task Force. Tltc other students are Sir/y Arrlct-
ta. president of the Off-Campus Association and Dave Silk. member of
Central Council.

Shelton Bank. task force chairman and professor with the chemistry
department. would not comment on the currcttt actions of that
organization rtntil alter its next meeting scheduled for Friday. Oct. lit.

Prior to the (‘entral Council's request for an open meeting. Scliat'l'er
said that there was a “general consensus among the ittembers" that they
not comment separately on the actions of the task force.

The task force was appointed by President O'l.enry in August to lor-
mulate plans for the additional funding needed to support the bus ser-
vice.

According to ()‘l.eary. the university has been diverting funds from
programs with high turnover rates, arid rising the money saved on
salaries there to keep the bus system alloat without the need to charge a
fee.

()‘l.cary explained that programs with temporary job openings allow
the university to save siriall amounts of irtoney —— drte to a loss of
salaried positions - throtrghorrt the system. The strut of these small
amounts is currently being ritili/ed to fund the bits program, he notes
that this is only a tcrirporary move. and that he is looking forward to
reviewing the task l'oicc‘s proposals.

The suggestions of tltc task force will also go to the University Senate,
according to Donald lIosco, chairman of the Senate. Rosco said that the
Senate will act immediately to recommend a plan to the president once
the proposals of the task force are issued.

 

llosco described the senatc's role as that of a "L'tttlsttllttlisc body."
the main function of which has as its primary goal the "rccornrueudtr
tiou ol‘ polici ' to the president.

The body witliiti the University Senate which will address the pro-
posals ot' the task force is the lzdrrcational Policy ('otuicil. said llosco.
This group discusses the budget and long-range planning issues \ttlttttil-
ted to the settttlc. according to Btisr‘tt.

 

 

Student governments attempt to censor papers

 

By Lisa Mirabella
.\' I'rl I1: I'RI.'.S'.' 'ERVII'E

 

Freedom of the press has become an issue at SUNY
schools recently. in the most controversial case of limited
freedom, the SUNY Purchase Strident Senate fired Editor-
in-Chiel' Tim McDarragh after a dispute over the paper's
name.

McDarragh now plans to srie the Senate, and the
Westchestcr chapter for the American Civil Liberties Union
is working oti briefs for the case.

Purchase Student Senate President John Williams said
McDarragh was fired by a majority vote of the senate after
he charing the natne oi' the paper from The Land to
Nears/teak in September. Williams contends that McDar-
ragh did not rise the proper channels for the itariie chairge.
specifically that senate approval was not secured.

However, lvcharragh said. "They used the name change
as an excuse to the me." arid further that senate disagree-
ment with editorial content was the actual reason.

Seven members of the newspaper stal'l' resigned itt protest
igh’s dismissal. and McDarrttgli maintains “it
would be ludicrous for (the senate) to fire the attrl have
everybody quit. (just because he) broke a senate bylaw."

Williams said. “He was given one verbal and three writ—
ten warnings... to change the name back to The Loud."
Lllld “as scitalc president I littvc the right to file any
employee of the senate.”

According to McDarragli there is a charter for the stu-
dent newspaper stating that only a two«tbii'ds vote of the
editorial board cart recall ati editor. “Williams claims that
the newspaper charter doesn't count because it is stiperccrl-

7
.3
r.

v

 

ed by Iris bylaws."

Mcl)trt‘raglr said that a disclaimer in Neiv.s'/u'rtk'.v
tttastltcrrd. r 'arlittg, “Nurvvri'rtk is lltc newspaper published
by an org. ll7ttlllitl called The Load." kept the newspaper

operation within proper senate guidelines.

Now McDarragh is questioning the right of a student
government to hire or fire anybody from a student
newspaper.

Columbia Journalism Review Editor Spence Klaw said in
response to this controversy. “No editor should be fired by
a government or anybody else besides the editorial board.
brtt (strident) newspapers often compromise their in-
dependence by accepting tax dollars from the
government."

“I don ’1‘ think the
government Should be able
to tell us anything. ”

—Murk (in/C/Hmlll

 

Klaw added that. ideally. “They still shouldn't be under
any kirrrl of control that limits the freedom of the press.“

In a similar case. liditor Mark (ioiclurian ol' the New
l’alt/ ()fllt‘lt‘. has received lltreats from a student associa‘
tioii vice president that publication would be halted or he
would be fired il’ he did not restrain from printing material
critical ol' the student government.

The issue is centered around an article headlined. Kcnncll
against ruiniiitrtiii wage. about Student Association Vice
President for Finance (it'eg Kcnttell's stand on paying stu-
dent employees.

(‘roichmirn admits the headline “was slightly
misleading," brtt adds the article was well researched arid
did trot contain any falsehoods.

Kennell replied to the article with a letter starting. “1 firm-
ly believe in the minimum, wage laws..." and describing the

article as a "knceq‘erk journalistic tiiiscarriagc taken corri—
pletely out of context." The letter went on to threaten
removing the editor and stopping publication.

(ioichmrrn said he did not print that latter part of Kerr-
iicll's letter on the editorial page "because it containcrl
knowing falsehoods." The editorial board alone, he added.
had the power to carry out Keiincll's threats.

The letter also told Croichitian to retract the original aiti
clc to be more accurate. according to (ioichutan. H.
cplied. "I don't think the government should be able to
tell us anything."

Kcnnell could not he reached for comment. however. I
cctttive Vice President .loel Springwater complained. “'I tr.-
cditor likes attacking its (the student association e\t-ruti\r
board)." He contended the student association was the
publisher, I'lll did trot have powct’ to say what goes in ll'.r
paper. '

Spririgwater said the strident government shouldn't hart:
direct inptrt bill should be able to restructure the ctlitririal
board. He suggested bringing iii a faculty .rrlrisor a»
.orrtctliing that would be "better for the paper.“ and would
assure meeting the paper‘s standards ot “good
journalism.“

Another attempt to ensure the continue. r \c of "good
iotrrnalisnr." is occurring at SUNY All a»). where the
university administration is forming a me 'ra review board.
Vice President for Student Affairs l-‘rarrk' ' rgrrc explained
the committee "will not negatively itnpa-. ru I'rccd m: of
speech."

l'ogrie itts't'lcd that the board will review all riiedia. .
eluding administration as well as student utcdia. and tits.
the financially independent Allin/(v Slur/cut Prat-s.

l’ogiic said he sees the board as a posslltlc advisory com-
mittee if problems arise. arid "to clarify the role ol Citlll1tétls

r >

 

