 

. . H. .. a... c... u.-. .-.A..-..u-.... _. H ...._.-,......v--__.. » '
e I

 

 

 

 

 

 

,‘i > ~ . ~ , ‘ t i ‘ V 
a . _ .‘ .
l I .’ é , I . y - l. '
ii, , . . '  . MARCH 15, [983 CI ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 7. l
I: . , . .
l . '   d l . I I I I ‘ I . i
I v  . . u ents eel an act of racrsm rscrrmrnatton 
"  T d M h15th hSt d M h19 ’ ' "
x.  L:      a   ’  B D misconceptions and invite hostilities. They explained I v , I . « v - i .. » . - .t n‘ ‘
,_ y onna Corwln » . ‘ ::: ' . "
i; they would prefer to set an example rather than shatter -' ~ .
 Tlte university's recent “World Week" celebration 0m“-
s : illustrated our dlversity--at times. painfully 50. Danny A805“) 0r Fllcrla Lﬂllnﬂ minted some "I"
‘ Irv "We have our share of racism," said Gloria DeSole. COUmI-‘fs Willi Prclmlics‘. pic dcscribcd 5* number or 00' ‘
1, Director of SUNYA‘s Affirmative Action Program. CﬂSlonS Wlls‘“ he Claimed he was 8W9" "th “"1
“There are so many opportunities on campus to learn ﬂmtllld" because Of his face- Despite his (165er 10 “cc

 

front the situation. he said “if we stick together and

and experience with people of diverse culture." said
help orre another. things should work out." He said he

DeSole. “We slrorrld stop etlrnoccntrisrn and with an

 I Mi§s Julie

i
.l
l
l
i
r
l
l

 

Directed by Jarka Brian

 

' ARENA THEATER

PERFORMING
ARTS
CENTER

Miss Julie: Now will you obey me! I believe you’re trembling,

 

open-hearted. operHttinded understanding. recognize
that it is a gift to he in a diverse socie- '
.  I le

Racism is power plrrs prejudice. ex- 
plairred DcSolc. where the latter irr-
volves inditliduals and the former, 

society. To Irridge the gap. she encourages white
students to take courses irt Afro-American. (‘arrib-
heart, attd Latin American studies. .lewish studies. and
the corrrses in racistrr arid sexism offered at the univer-
.srty.

Assistant to the Dean for Minority Affairs Carl
Martin. explained he is concerned ahorrt covert racisrn
which exerts itself through policies. not people. He
said he eneorrrages rrtinority students to get involved.
arid for white students to create the opportrrrrity for
that involyerrrerrt. Racism. asserted Martin. is
“discrimination based upon color. ethnic background.
or culture without regard to person.“

it‘s too easy to delurmani/e someone by prrttirrg him
or her itrto categories." added l)eSole.

Several black stttdcrrts recently discussed fcclirtgs of
rage regarding racial intolerance. they described a cer-
tain “anger that rises ittsidc you.“ However. the
students. not watttitrg to he named. said if they irrdrrlge
this anger irt retaliation. it only serves to further

reminds himself why he came here. talks about it. and
comes to terms with the reasons behind peoples' pre»
judiee.

A rnerrrher of .lSC-l-lillcl. not wanting to be nanred.
said she experienced feelings of rage when posters she
had put rrp were covered by defamatory rentarks.“The
worst thing," she rrraintained. "is intentional ig-
norance: when people choose trot to learn about other
people."

Many of the various foreign students on campus
have particular concerns especially because they may
not-have I'lucnt corrtrnartd of the English language.
which call testrlt irt discrimirtation. Again they said this
feeling makes tlreur helplessly aware that language bar-
riers trre cause for discrimination.

Middle lzarth ('oordinator' Dr. David Jenkins. es-
plainctl. "Racism arises from a greed motive; an
outgrowth of enslarcmcnl that had its origins in
ccortoruic ntoti\cs." As a rcsrtlt. exploitatiott of
rrtirtorities in a political scrtse is an cxlcnsiott and ruin—
for'cetuent of this rnotivc. said Jenkins. adding that it
occurs r igltr ltere in our society and in our community.

if racism confronts you in arty capacity you are urg-
cd to contact: the Affirmatch Action ()fficc Al) Slil:
Minority Student Services; Middle Earth (457-7800);
lntcrnatiortal Students Office. l’aul Ward; or Student
Affairs. Al) lZ‘). ‘

 

Director of AllirmallveiActlon Gloria DeSole _

ﬁll is (I Iii/i in lie in u diverse .ror'ieir'.

 

 

Support

lly l’aula Maute
The American (‘anccr So cry is sponsoring a six—week
liamily Support (iroup for friends tllltl fatnin rrrctrthers of

cancer patients. Dr. Myrna l.. Friedlandct'. a SUNYA C

counseling psychology and student development professor.
announced recently.

The group was organi/ed over a year ago by ('arol
Wakeley. a registered nurse workitrg at ’l'ri»('itles artd
l'lclptttttlcs Nursing Services of l.atharn. After working in
the corrttnrtrrity health field for over nine years. sltc
recogni/ed a need for strch a support group irt the Albany
area.

"There are plenty ofgrotrps for cancer patients but there
are rtot enough for their farrrilies." said l’ricdlandcr'.
“'l‘here's a lot or strrdcrrts who corrld hencl'it front this
group.” sltc stressed. adding. "it cart he a \cry lonely and
kind of frightening experience for a student to he living
away from home knowing that a parent or sibling may be
dying." l-‘r'icdlarrdcr explained the strrdcrrt may be torn het-
wecn wanting to he at home, near his or her sick l't‘ltllltt.‘
and warrtirtg to he at school. carrying on with life.

()ftentimcs. there‘s a‘conspiracy of silence“ surrounding
cancer. said l-‘ricdlander', which nrakcs it hard to discuss
fears and corrccrrts. "It might be difficult to talk to friends
all of the time...hccause many people feel they rrray he

groupwaids families Of c

 

“There are plenty of groups for
ancer but there are not enough for
their families. ”

—Dr. Myrna Fried/under

said the l-‘amily Support Group would enable a person to he
with others who know and understand wltat they are going
through. site said.

"The group is not a therapy group." rrtaintairted
l’riedlander'. "it is a group for pcoplc to share feelings of
what it's like for thcrrr to have an ill person close to them."
The rrrairr purpose for the group. slte e\p|ained. is to pro-
\idc an opportunity for people to get together to share ex»
pericrtce. frustration. resources. and ideas.

In addition. the Family Support (iroup will also ser\e as
a rel’cral sorrree for area scrtices. “Many times. people
aren‘t aware of resources iii the cornrrtrruity. such as Inns-
ing services. home car aides. transportation. and financial
aid sources.“ said W‘ elcy.

\Vakelcy. experienced in farrrily and grorrp counseling.
will initiate the first series with Kathy l’trqttitr. a cornrrnrrtity

 

ancer patients

"Dealing with the unknown is a |\t’L‘\‘tllL'ttl fcar en-
countered hy a cancer patiertt and his or her family." said
Wakeley. "'l‘hcre's a stigma related to cattcct'--Iltat it's
terrninal--that there's a lot of pain irrsolvcd-—attd that
cancer is a slow. painful process.“ she said adding that.
"there's a need for people to verbali/e tltcsc fears and feel-
ings.”

\Vakelcy pointed ortr Ilan cancer is not always a terminal
disease; people cart and do sttr't'itc cancer. "Some forms of
cancer are virtually curable. if caught itr an early stage."
she noted.

To forrrt the l-'arnily Support (iroup Committee. Wakelcy
gathered over fifteen health care professionals. The corri-
rrrittec also includes social workers. psychologists. medical
students. artd clergy who \ohmteer' their serriccs to the
laruily Support Group. slte explained.

“'9 “N group will begin March 3| artd \\lll meet on.
alternating 'l'lrursdays for six sessions. The first session will
tneet at St. Paul's lipiscopal church on llackerr lilvd. from
7:00 to 8:30 p.m.. free of charge. According to \k’akelcy.
there will be other six»week‘ sessions offered throughout the
rear to he ltcld at different locations in Albany (‘ounty.

For information atrd registration for the Family Support
(iroup. contact the American (‘artccr Society at 4JX~784L
Students are welcorrre to contact Dr. M.l.. l-‘ricdlandet' at
the Department of (‘ounscliug Psychology and Student

 

 

health nurse at the Visiting Nurse Association in Albany. l)c\e|opmcnt for further inforrttatiott.

 

lnrrdettirrg their friends with their constant worries." She

 

 

 

 

 

 a big strong boy like you. With such arms!
Board increase

I. THE PLAY THAT SHOCKED SWEDEN! . 

i
three-dollar addition. since it would
amount to only one dollar a

r .
I

i A FAMOUS BATTLE OF THE SEXES' 
I I poration "a twelvc~ or thirteen-

PALESTINE ‘3

“THE SUPPRESSION OF AN IDEA”

Time: 2:30 p.m.
Date: Saturday, 3-19-83 .
Place: L.C. 2-SUNYA

Dr. Hatem Hussaini .
DEPUTY OBSERVER OF THE PLO MISSION TO THE
UNITED NATIONS

Dr.—- Mohammad Hallaj

DIRECTOR OF THE INSTITUTE OF ARAB STUDIES;

 

 

 

dollar cushion."

The board voted on and passed
Brown‘s suggested 4.5 percent in—
crease plrts the additional two—
dollar hike, with tlrittecrt in favor.
and two opposed.

 . $3.00 SUNYA TAX CARD & FACULTY/STAFF ID A    ,,
 $3.50 SENIOR CITIZENS & STUDENTS r:::iiii::‘i§iiiiiii?iiiiiéi
it ; $5.00 GENERAL ADMISSION 113:: .1‘.‘.'.'...T.“.'3t'§.if.lift;.ll‘iii‘i?'
TICKET OFFICE: 45 7-8606 FOR RESER VA TIONS . - 

 

made rrp “if their Isa loss."

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

It,

 {of HIT 11:31}ij I;‘L}‘Lj;l;:rl;f;[|‘:g;j‘,§ m;  FORMER VICE PRESIDENT FOR ACADEMIC AFFAIRS,

   OPEN DISCUSSION FOLLO WING PERFORMANCE WEDNESDA Y , tights.“thrift:'LL..’.':;I::::.1.112;: - ' Dr Cafgfﬁgevggg" BANK .,
   3/ 16 (SA Funded) Lilll‘fi‘lﬁ‘llii.“j’fff'33‘1.;:L.,*.5.',;i..§f::jﬁ':f . ' SYRACUSE UNIVERSITY Sponsored By:

‘  . flatter.-  “.'.'.:J‘:::.:::: 'r V . ' 

if .' hoard rates across the state." i %

   

 

