 

...‘ .«a ﬁg.

 W7W“ﬁﬁ‘_“w1 

 

up»... ._ ...__....s_..‘......._

 

 

MARCH 1. I983

 

our grapp

5;

 

By Marc Schwar'z
ASSOC/A TIE SI'UR IS EDITOR

 

The Albany State wrestling team con-.
tinued on their record setting pace by
finishing seventh in the country and having
four wrestlers ettrn All-American honors.

The Danes competed in tire NCAA Divi-
sion 111 National Championships ltt
Wltcaton. Illinois last Friday and Saturday
and came back to Albatty sporting their
finest performance ever in the nationals.

Andy Seras was ntttned an All-Atnericatt
for the third time, Dttve Averill received the
honor for a secottd little and Vic Hertnatt
and Rob Spagnoli wcre All-Atttcrienns for
the first little in their four year careers.

“This was by far the best showing by atty
Albany teatu. To pttt it into perspective.
we‘ve had seven All-Americans itt tlte
33-year ltistory of wrestling itt tltis scltool.
Now we Itttve 11. with the fottr we laid this
weekend.“ head coach .loe DeMco said.

The seventh place finish was the highest
ever by an Albany team. in the past four
years the Danes have moved from 2‘) to 17
to 12 and now to number seven iii the coun-
try. “Our goal was tlte top It) itt the coun-
try. Seven is a strong. solid position in that
top 10." DeMeo said.

“1 was impressed with the whole team cf-
fort. You have to be proud of a tcatn that

«nu.-

 

accomplishes what this one has." he added.

Averill was the l‘irSI of the four A11-
Atnericuns. capturing seventh place at
till-pounds. Averill defeated Rick Tcsta of
Worcester Polytechnic Institute. 10-6 in the
first round. He then pinned Salsbury‘s Ray
Scanlon before getting pinned by John Bar-
na of Trenton. Averill was injured in the
match with Barntt but was able to come
back and defeat Clayton Hathway of
Widener. 15-2.,Ryan Hines of town beat

Danes lose

By Marc Haspel
spa/us Emma
Potsdam. N. Y.

For the second consecutive season, the
Albany State Great Danes will not be taking
part in the NCAA Division III tournament.
The Danes lost all chances for obtainittg a
bid by bowing out in the opening round of
the SUNYAC tournament to the Buffalo
State Bengals 78—67 Friday evening here irt
Maxcy Hall. Potsdam. Albany did salvage
the consolation game against the University
of Buffalo Bulls. the following afternoon
88-77.

Senior co-captain John Dieckelman cn-
joyed one of the finest games of his three-
year Albany career it) that opetting game
against Buff State. The 6’5" Icl‘thandcd
cctttcr scored the Danes' first tltirlcctt
points of the gatnc and went on to pour in
28 points in the losing effort. In the con-
solation game. Dieckelman scaled his third
consecutive SUNYAC all-tournantcnt
honor with 17 points.

“I thought." Dieckelmatt said after the
second game. “that i played all right. it
doesn‘t do you any good unless you witt it.
We cante up here to win and we didn’t."

Sophomore point guard Dan Croulier
also had an excellent game in the Saturday
afternoon contest. He scored 27 points.

"We played a lot better today." Croutier
said after the victory. “I think il'we would
have done it yesterday. we would have won.
We opened up a lot of scoring. We should
Itave played that ball yesterday; we were
one game late."

The second-seeded. team front the
Eastern division. Albany. drew their first
round game against the top-seeded Bengals
from the Western division. The Bengals
entered the tournament with a 16-4 record
and a national ranking of thirteenth in Divi-
sion III.

A tentative Albany team barely kept pace

 

 

mericans

 

   

 

 

Averill 6-2, bttt he was able to gaitt All-
American recognition by defeating
Bingltamton's John Leo. 13-0 to capture
seventh place.

“It was really nice to get All-American
again. though i thought l'd get better."
Averill commented. “It just mearts I have

to work that much harder next year."
Averill. a sophomoce. ltas been named
All-American botlt years he has wrestled at
Albany and captured his first SUNYAC
Championship two weeks ago. “I won‘t get
seventh again." he said about finishing in
the same position both years at the na-

ALAN CALEM UPS

Rob Spagnoll was one of tour Albany wrestlers to receive All-American honors at the Dlvlson 111 National Championships In
Wheaton. Illinois. Albany llnished seventh In the nation as a team.

tionals.

Seras finished in third place to become an
All-American for the third time in as many
years. The junior was also selected as one of
four wild cards to participate in the Divi-
sion 1 National Chatnpionsltips to be held

15>

SUN YAC opener and an NCAA bid

with the running Bengals. Dieckelman was
the only s'corer for Albany through the first
ttine tninutes of the game. He used a com-
bination of outside bankers, hooks and
layups to help the Danes stay close. Albany
was only down five points at the 11:11 mark

 

 

 

ALAN ALEM Us
Senior John Dieckelman earned
SUNYAC Ail-Tournament honors.

of the half.

Guard Dave Adam was the first Dane
other than Dieckelman to break the ice with
a bucket at the 10:45 mark to shrink the
early Bengal lead to 18-15. The two teams
traded baskets to make the score 20-17.
Bengal forward David Hart then caught
fire. He hit a jumper from the top of the
key. and after two consecutive Dane fouls
resulted in two more Bengal points, lte
grabbed the rebound of Buff State’s Peter
Mack's second free throw and converted it
for two more points. Albany State head
basketball coack Dick Sauers called a
timeout as the Danes found themselves
trailing by nine points. 26-17.

After the pause, Albany roared back into
the game. Jan Zadoorian drove the lane.
Wilson Thomas hit a short jumper and
Mike Gatto threw in a 19 footer. The Danes
finally caught the Bengals with 4:04 left to
play in the half. Gatto was fouled by Mack
and went to the line hitting his first charity
toss to knot the scoring at 28.Tltc Danes
then flirted with their only lead of the
game. Dieckelman was the beneficiary of a
Crotttier steal in the backcourt. The 5’7"
guard passed the ball off to the awaiting big

tnan who easily put the ball in the hoop. -

Tltc Danes took a 32-28 lead.

With 2:22 remaining in the half. and
Albany up 34-32. Gatto fottled Hart
underneath the rim. Hurt went to the line
and calmly tied the score again with two
successful free throws. He then hit a 17
footer to give his Bangals the lead with 1:23
left.

Sauers instructed his team to hold for the
final shot but his troops turned the ball
over. Albany escaped the first half only
trailing by two points. 36-34. .

“JD ((Dieckelmnn) did too much. The
others relied on him too heavily." said
Sauers. “He was the only one that was
relaxed out there. He had a great offensive
game."

In the second half the Danes came back
onto the court looking to reclaim the lead.
But the Bengals itnntcdiately spread their
lead to six points on buckets by Tim Tully
and Paul Hafnacki. Albany erased the dif-
ference quickly with two buckets by Gatto
making the score 40-38.

Bengal John Groover, who had fallen in-
to early foul trouble with three personals in
the first half. put his team in front by four
with a 12-foot jumpshot. 42-38. After I-lti-
i'nacki hit the second of two free throws. tlte
teams virtually exchanged baskets over the
next twelve minutes. Each time the Danes
would cut the lead to tltree or four points.
tlte Bengals would respond with another
bucket. Dttring tltc half Albany sitot 50 per-
cent from the field while the Bengals hit 56
percent.

“We had chances to close in on them and
they were ready for tts to do it." said
Saucrs. “They were ready to crack but we
just couldn‘t do it to them."

The Danes had their best opportunity of
the half to pull within two points wltctt
Zadoorian stole the ball in the hackcourt
attd passed it over to Dieckelman. But. he
just couldn't put the ball in the basket
despite several shots.

“I sltot it a little too hard and it didn't
fall. That’s ltow the whole second half
went." said Dieckelman.

"That was one big play," added Saucrs.

Bttffalo State began to pull away with
three and a half minutes left tosplay. I-lart
scored a break away layup to widen the lead
to 66-60 and while the Danes. spurred on by
some dazzling desperation drives by
Crouticr. kept battling. the Bengals' lead
became insurmountable in the little time re-
maining. With 11 second left. Andre Devers
completed the scoring at 78-67 with a fast
break bucket.

“TheirtBuffalo State’s) scoring
averages were about what they should have

15>

 
  

  

VOLUME LXX

Culture, politics clash
at World Week display

By Ben Gordon

A confrontation between two student groups at the World Week Ethnic Block Party in the
lecture eertter hallways Thursday opened debate as to whether politically opinionated material
may be presented as part of cultural displays.

Metnbcrs of tile Revisiottist Zionist Alternative. a campus Jewish group, protested in front
ofn cultural display spottsored by the Arab Student Association. objecting to wltal they tcrttt-
cd “anti-scmltic. anti-Jewish" tttutcriltl alottgsidc literature on Arttb culture.

RZA was especially angered by a poster depicting Israeli Prime Minister Mcttacltetu Begin
next to a "bloody Jewish star" and what RZA Executive Secretary Glenn Mones described as
pictttres 01' the Sabra and Sltttlilla refugee camps, where over a thousand Palestinian refugees
were killed by Christian I’halangist forces late lttst year.

Accordittg to ASA member Moltttruttted Kayed. RZA members demanded that the poster
be removed. chanting “Take it dowttl Take it down!" in front of the display. Tlten. said
Kayed. a young tuatt front tltc crowd of protesters tore dowtt the poster attd disappeared
atnidsl the commotion.

World Week Coordinators Dr. Frank I’oguc ttttd Dr. Paul Ward. ttrrivcd on tile scene after
being notified by Sami Massoud of the ASA. and attempted to ntcditttc the dispute.

Ward said lte spoke to RZA president Steve Hilsenrntit and explained the basic tenets and
underlyittg objectives of World Week. I'le defended the rigltt of the Arab students to display
political symbols. saying “Atty political symbol, whether good or bad. is part 01' a nation's
culture. The nature of World Week is to accentuate the positive. the parts of your nation of
which you are proud."

Mones said RZA rejects the “notion that one can't draw the line between culture attd
politics. One need not indict another people's culture." He feels that the Jewish people are
being scapegoated by the poster for the events at the refugee camps. and feels that the Jews are
being criticized at an event where cultural information, not propogt‘tnda should be displayed.
Members of the ASA identified the RZA metttber who they claim removed the p05tcr. and
while the RZA acknowledged rctnoving the poster. they said that they were unable to locate it
amidst the commotion. When ASA demanded that the poster be returned. Manes replied.
"When you rip down swastikas, you don’t give them back to the Nazis to put them up."

RZA members refuse to disclose the name of the person who removed the poster.

Ward responded to the idea of regulating displays by saying, “I don't see how you can
regulate political symbols. What might be cttlture to you might be political to someone else."

“i tried to explain to Steve (Hilsenrath. President of SUNY RZA) that although his opinion
was that it was not culture. to the people displaying it, it was."

Kayed says that in an area “as politically cotnplicated as the Middle East. this is very much
cultural." '

Mones claims he will take offense wherever and whenever the poster is displayed. He said.
"This is. to us. what we call 'Chiilul Hashem.‘ a desecration. We don’t tolerate a poster like
that any more than we would a swastika or a Ku Klux Klan poster. We equate this with Nazi
and Ku Klux Klan displays."

Pogue refused to comment on the situation until the dispute between RZA and ASA has
been fully resolved. He said a meeting scheduled for Friday morning with representatives of

13>

 

 

 

JEAN PIERRE LOUIS UPS
Abovozcontroverslal poster torn down by RZA member.
Below: Arab Student Association table at Ethnic Block
Party in Lecture Center hallway yesterday.

"March 4, 1983

. .. .r...” -

 

 

. NUMBER 1'0

  

' “We equate
this with Nazi
and K u K lux
Klan
displays. ”

—Glen Manes

“(In an area)
as politically
complicated as
the Middle
East, this is
very much
cultural. ”
—Mohammed Kayed

 

Wharton predicts budget effects to Legislature

 

headings of “voluntary furloughs" and
“voluntary retirements." The proposed
personnel reduction represents about ten to

By Lisa Perlman
At a joint budget hearing of the NYS

 

 

Legislature's Fiscal Committees Tuesday.
SUNY Chancellor Clifton R. Wharton Jr.,
presented testimony outlining the SUNY
financial plan for the 1983-84 ﬁscal year.
Chancellor Wharton's testimony em-
phasized his concern for the budget's pro-
posed elimination of about 2500 SUNY
faculty and staff positions with an addi-

tional loss of 1000 positions under the

Chancellor Clifton Wharton
Budget a detrimental impact.

 

 

twelve percent of SUNY’s work force.
Wharton stressed that the budgets for the
past eight years have forced staff reductions
resulting in the total loss of about 3000
positions since 1974. while enrollment has
increased by over 4000. The budget is now.
“in just one year, asking SUNY to make
reductions in personnel equal to those that
have taken place over the past eight years
combined," Wharton said.

According to Wharton's testimony. per-
sonnel reductions would have the following
impact upon the SUNY system:

> limitation of accessibility to sectors of
higher education for many students;

p weakening of SUNY’s ability to
strengthen the state’s economic develop-
ment;

> threatening of program accreditation
due to an increased faculty-student ratio;

> permanent loss of talented faculty;

> deterioration of the quality of catnptts
life;

p restriction itt the diversity of cur-
riculum.

According to the testimony. each SUNY
campus Was asked to assess the impact of
the position losses upon its individual cam-
pus and present its plans to the chancellor
and the board of trustees. The impact
statements call position cuts that would
:result In the following actions:

. p Unlvcraity..ccnters.(Albany. Buffalo.

Binghamton and Stony Brook) eliminating
14 departments or schools with another 21
reduced;

> Arts and science colleges eliminating 17
undergraduate degree programs and five
graduate degree programs with a reduction
of 97 departments;

p Two health-science campuses
eliminating eight degree progrants with
reductions in 36 departments.

As a result of the position losses student
support services and campus life would suf-

fer. said Wharton.There would be reduced

library services. less academic and job
counseling and a decrease in health services.

The chancellor's financial plan. approv-
ed by the board of trustees and now being
considered by the legislature in amending
the proposed budget. would attempt to
“buy back" as many positions targeted for
elimination as possible. According to
Wharton. “the estimated dollar value of
the positions (which are being lost) is ap-
proximately $91.7 million annually." he
added that his prime objective me to iden-
tify resources to reduce this monetary pro-
blem.

The budget's proposal to increase the
undergraduate tuition $250 a year would
generate $49 million plus $3.9 million from
the $25 computer fee. Wharton adjusted
the increase in his plan to 53(1) at the
undergraduate level. with proportionate in-
creases for higher levels. Although he
agreed that the tuition increase (his plan
would bring undergraduate tuition from

$1075 to $1375 per year) along with the
$150 dormitory rent hike would "represent
a substantial new burden for present and
potential SUNY students and their
families." he added that "we must be
realistic and recognize tuition as a signif-
cant revenue source."

Wharton said one of his fundamental
concerns is not the actual proposal for the
tuition increase in the Executive Budget.
but the “very disturbing rationalization”
behind the hike. The budget proposes that
SUNY tuition be raised in order to cover
more of the actual education costs (averag-
ed at $6200. of which the student's tuition
now represents approximately 17 percent).
move closer to the average tuition for other
northeastern public institutions. and be
linked in sonte fashion with tuition in the
independent sector. Wharton said that the
comparisons made bctWeen SUNY tuition
and private or other public stute univer—
sities, “represents a significant change in
the philosophy and practice of funding
public higher edtteation in New York
State.”

Betsy Beuchtter, a spokesperson for tire

governor's press office. had no comment

in regard to this suspected shift in public
policy toward SUNY, but did say that the
percentage of the education paid for by
students' tuition is way under the average in
comparison to other state university
systems and the private institutions. She ad-
ded'that now, SUNY students pay a lower

. . . . . . , =13.

   

 

