 

 

 

 

 

EDITORIAL

the U.S. has displayed a disturbing penchant for throwing
its military weight around the world to impress the Soviets
and coerce lesser powers.

S ince l98l. when. Ronald Reagan look office as President.

A... r I!

u of the
military solutions to turmoil overseas. The idea that all change is a
threat to American security and all problems can be solved by a
military panacea is wrongheaded and will assuredly lead to a tragic
war.

in tire summer of l98i. in a move which showed new trigger-
lrappiness. American F-l4‘s from the carrier Nimitz shot down
two Soviet-made Libyan lighters over the Gulf of Sldra.

From the opening days'ufahe Administration. Reagan and ilaig
proved their profound ignorance of Latin America when they at-
tributed the strife and violence there to the Soviets and Cubans —
‘gnorlng the intolerable feudal conditions and the years of
-\merlcan complicity and support for the exploiters in the controll-
ing class.

Today. Arrrerican war lleets cruise the waters of both coasts of
Latin America. and the fragile Honduran democracy has been
turned into a vast trrilitary depot.

in a Vietnam-like scenario. these forces are now providing
material and backbone to the Salvadorian Army. and. under the
pretext of cutting ot‘l‘supplies to iii Salvador. are sponsoring rebel
insurgents in Nicaragua.

ily making Central America a “litmus test" ot American-Soviet
relations and claiming tlte Soviets had a hit list in the Western
Hemisphere uhich wottld everrtunlly irrcltrde tlte U.S. itself. the
Reagan Administration iras ertrplraslred a military response
directed at art external and peripheral factor when what is really

 
  
 

 

Reagan’s rampant militarism -

needed is massive social and economic reform. And the U.S.. the
only power able to guide Central America along the road to
peaceful reform. is instead leading the region and Americans to a
war that will have no winners.

As ominous as the crisis in Central America is. it is currently
overshadowed by the potentially far more explosive situation in
Lebanon.

in September 1982. the marines were injected into the vicious
maelstrom of Lebanon along with contingents from three other
western nations after the massacres in Palestinian refugee camps.
American ofﬁcials predicted the “peace-keeping"force would be
out by the end of the year.

Well, the year-end passed peacefully. as did most of l983. But
when the [smells decided they had had enough of trying to of-
ticiate the complicated and ruthless anciettt blood feuds. and pull-
ed back from the mountains around Beruit. the powder keg blew

up.

The marines' role moved from keeping the peace to
demonstrating symbolic support for the Christian regime of Amin
Gcmayel. The Druse. the Shiite and the Sunni Muslims are sworn
enemies of Gemeycl's i’halangists. and when the civil war started.
the marines were caught in the nriddie — on the exposed ground of
llcruit airport. and unable to shoot back.

Trapped. the Administration did the only thing it could -— allow
the marines to defend tlretnsclves. it went one step furllrcr by
allowing the U.S. fleet and marine artillury to prop up tire
Lebanese army with bombardtncnts. Tire Druse are not likely to
forget the American pounding oi their villages.

The options for the US. are tlUW few. Any rrtovc will trigger a
tlurtv of reactions from the other participants, and either way the

U.S. loses. But the Whole point is that we never should it
into this quagmire in the ﬁrst place.

If we pull out. Lebanon will cease to exist as a tttttion..1ndrhe
land will be permanently divided between lsracl and Syria.

Assad. The rabid dictator of Syria. will have achieved hit with
the reincorporatlon of Lebanon into Greater Syr . lsracl. in a;
search for secure borders. will have only gained insecure border;
farther north and a reputation as an expansionist titlit‘. lire its
will suffer humiliation for its vacillation — committing troops u;
keep peace. and pulling out after having failed.

If we stay in, we remain caught up in a lrornct's nest. helplessly
trapped in the middle of a score of belligerent factions. sir...
assuredly. the U.S. forces would eventually be drawn deeper and
deeper into the whirlpool. every turn making it less possible to go
out. A larger war would be inevitable.

The Congress has shown the complexity of the situation by mm.
pomlslng the hard-won War Powers Resolution. Allet llltllnimn
of hostilities. Reagan. in violation ofthe law. refused to mom it...
Resolution. He finally did so only after Congress granted him
additional l8 months in Lebanon.

Caught between a rock and a hard place of out t)\\|l lildkllttz. our
only realistic option is to hang tough and encourage llt‘t'rtildlirill
Since pulling out would mean partition of the ctttttlltv. ue \llttltltl
contirttte our mission of support for the Gemaycl iteprrne. but with
if it negotiates errrnestly.

Reagan's rltctoric has always been warlike, .rud Iu-. twain: .mri
military deployment patterns have demonstrated llltx lli trittttl
togunhout diplorrtacy. and bullying of weaker llli\\t‘l\ mil not run:
the U.S. respect. but rather create resentment. .rlrcrr.nr.n. or rhr
U.S., and eventually. a foolish. nuwinnabic war.

“‘1' gotten

 

 

 

 

COLUMN

Looking ahead at arms

Reprinted front Tl/tte.r- Union of Ocl.2. I93]

in his televised talk to the nation on the Korean airliner
disaster. President Reagan said that “if ue do our duty"
thcn “history will record that sonrc good did cottte from
this monstrous wrong that we will carry with us and
remember for the rest of our lives."

[Donald Birn

Minglcd with our shock at the.tragic incident ltas been a
sense of uncertainty at what its long-range implications
might be, especially on the arms race. Will it really have
historical signiﬁcance and be remembered for the rest of
our lives? Perhaps. ~

Comparable events have aggravated diificttlt situations ‘
and had great consequences. in I900. Britain and Germany
were moving toward a naval building race that was in many
ways a precursor of today's East-West rivalry. When the
British stopped a German ship. the Bttmlesruth. because
they suspected she was carrying contraband to the Boer
War. it caused a public outrage in Germany. This helped
German militarists push through the second Naval Law a
few months later. providing for a lleet of 38 battleships and
locking the country into an arms race that ruined relations
with Britain for years to come.

When World War l crruptcd and Germany announced a
submarine blockade of Britain. it set the stage for another
momentous incident. On May 7. l9l5. the British liner
Luist'lania was Stink without warning by a German sub-
marine. Sorne munitions were in the cargo bold. but the
enormity of the act. with l.153 passsengers. including thi
Americans, killed. outraged opinion in the neutral United
States.

German authorities insisted that they had given fair war-
ning to U.S. citizens not to sail in allied ships. President
Wilson demanded and got assurances that such torpedoing
would not happen again and Germany abandoned her
policy of sinking vessels on sight. When she resumed it in
February i917. it brought the United States into the war.

The downing of the Korean jet is a tragedy. But whether
it will be judged a momentous event depends on our
response. which so far has been ambivalent. On the cm
band, the Reagan administration has used it as justifieatior
for the MX and the other new weapons systems it wants
th along with this tough talk has come a “business as
usual" attitude toward holding scheduled meetings with the
Soviets in Madrid and even new concessions in the talks on
medium-range missiles in Geneva. r

American ambivalence on the use of force and ar-
maments has long been noted. in colonial days. we viewed
standing armies as a threat to our liberties. When. in this
century. we moved to the conference tables to discuss arms
limitations we brought our uncertainties with us. As one
historian, Thomas H. Buckley, put it in his book The
United States and the Washington Conference [92I-l922:

“Realism dictated the occasional use of force in an inter-
national community full of military power. Disarmament
secured more obtainable in the future. American statesmen
of the l9th centruy longed for the ftttrrre brrt lived with ex-
perience. it was not uncommon for an American political

 

 

leader to call for disarmament. which spoke well of his
ideals, and simultaneously to support an increase in arms.
which bespoke knowledge of his times."

For evidence that this tradition remains alive. we can
recall the events in Congress last May. when the House
voted fora nuclear freeze resolution and then voted to fund
the controversial MX missile.

Proponents of arms control agreements often have been '

ptrt so much on the defensive by claims that they were
unrealistic or soft that they have been forced into conces-
sions that negated the value of the treaties they supported.
So. in l963. in order to wirt passage of the Test Bah Treaty.
its supporters trad to agree to allow underground testing.
The Senate approved the treaty but destroyed its intent by
committing itself to a vigorous atomic bomb testing pro-
gram. The treaty did not prove to be the first step toward
slowing down the arms race. as the public hoped. it. in fact.
led to accelerated weapons development.

Similarly, the SALT | agreements of I972 were more
notable for what they failed to limit — the “MlRVing” of
missiles — than for what they achieved.

As we look ahead toward an election year and the
possibility of some new East~Wcst agreement on arms. we

talks ‘

have to rcrnenrber these experiences. Atttts tritiiittl :ttl-
vocutes should not be so anxious to applaud an) llr‘\\ .n'tcc-
nrerrt that would satisfy the public demand ltu “litur'tes\'
in curbing the arms race without really nclricrinp .tlt)tlrittg
meaningful. President Reagan set very high stnrrdnrrh for
an agreement when he opposed the SALT ll treaties
painstakingly put together by previous administrations. if
he produces an agreement. let it meet his own standard.

The Soviets charged that the Korean jet incident lrad
been "staged" — at the very moment in llislot)‘ when the
arms race might be stopped — to prevent such .rn .u'ree-
rncrtt. lfthc downing of the plane has that tcsttlt. n or” iii-
dccd have been a double tragedy.

if we use this opportunity wisely, and short illt‘ \\ot|tl
how wrong the Soviets were not only to down iIIc [tlrtttt' but
to accuse us of using the incident to block ttt‘ltls lirnrtanon.
then indeed something positive may come hour this
monstrous wrong.

 

The writer is an associate professor in the Department of
"[5100 at the State University at Albany. llc .Y/lt't'ltl/l:'t'\ tn
diplomacy and international relations.

 

  

.i ‘~I't'.",‘1\’ //
K" /' . .// I"-/
. /.'I I

      
    

 
 

  
 

   

    

G r
/
Viz.

' o
/)A , I! V I,
l“\'7 cm
I fly”)??- /
’
./// .

   

     
 
 
 

 

  
  
 

,,/ ‘ a:
. , // »
  
(/gf/é '  /////;/7/2//77 é
. I" 2
WI .cp‘s  

j “YEAH. BUT iF we PULL OUT. LEBANON \Ni.

 

  

   
   

I... /////////1‘—z3’ a ///
/ " //‘*~ its

  
 
  
   

       
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
   
  
 
 
 
 

 
    

     

   

 
    

    
  
 

   

 

    

  
    
   

  

   
      
 
  

 

    

 

r, is ,

“N in “W  W 5 _   .

‘ ‘  \lOlNT " ///_,,m.
'/

           

   
   

‘ \\\\

.
\\\\\s\\\
\\

 

 

     

      

     

 

/ 339/)

'a , , 

s

/ ' 4 A '///. ///4/

war reactions/litre attest]

 
  
 
  

  
 

/
/

 

 

 

 

 

    

 

a p Friday, October 7, 1983

 

 

 

 
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
   
     
  
     
     
  
   
  
   
    
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
   
  
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 
   
   
  

 

     
  
  
   

