 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Spo

 

SEPTEMBER 15. I983

 

 

 

Danes lose to Ithaca; face Hofstra tomorrow

 

By Marc Sehwarz
SI'OR TS EDITOR

 

Ithaca, N. Y.

The young Albany State Great Danes are
gearing up for their second test in what migltt
prove to be a paiafttl learning season.

The Danes will travel to Hetttpstead
tomorrow nigltt to take on the Hofstra
University Flying Dutchmen looking for their
first win of this football year. Last week.
Albany lost to the ltltaca College Bombers
23-0 in a game played before 4.0lii fans at
South Hill Field in Ithaca.

'fhc Bombers scored tlte first two times
they laid the ball. traveling 77 attd 99 yards to
move ottt to an early Iii-t] lcati. Froni tltere
they lteld tlte Dattes to only lilo total yards
and added to second half poittts for the final
margin of victory.

The young and inexperienced Albany of-
fensive litte had trouble ltattdling tlte Ithaca
defense. which inlcuded returning All-
Americans Jeff Stone and Bill Sheerin. The .
mo combined for fottr of tlte six Bomber
quarterback sacks attd Sheerin added a fum-
ble recovery. The Albany front litte features
ottly one retttrtting starter atttl two of the five
are freshmen.

While tlte Ithaca defense was controlling
the littc of scrimmage and preventing tlte
Danes frotn posing arty scriotts offensive
titreat. tlte Botuber offense opened tip strong
against the Aibatty defense. Starting quarter-
back Kurt Del.uea threw a nine yard strike to
Kevin Finn to cap off the opening drive of
the day.

On lthaca's secotttl possession. following a
puttt by Albanv's Mark (ialusky tltat died on

the one-yard line. the Bombers tnarched
down the field in It plays and scored on a
til-yard gallop by halfback Howard Horton.
Horton gained 35 yards on that drive and
finished the tlay with 77 yards on 13 carries.

The Datte defense then catne alive and held

the Bombers in check the rest of the half and.

for most of the tltird quarter. But the Albany
offense was ttnable to put any points on the.
board and was lttirt by five turnovers.
Albany Ilead Coach Bob Ford, although
disappointed by the otttconte. did find some

 

 

 

 

ED MABUSSICH UPS

tthaca's Kevin Flnn catches a first quarter touchdown pass as Albany drop-
ped Its opening gama‘ol the season by a 23-0 score.

positive points. "I don‘t think we quit. It was
a good game to get under our belts, I‘m ttot
discouraged at all." Ford added that the
rttain problem with his team is their lack of
experience. especially on offense. "We only
ltave two people who started on offense at
their positions before on a varsity level. We
will eventually hecottte a good football team
this year. The question is when. We have
good people here. they are just inexperienc-
ed."
Tomorrow nigltt the Danes face another
tough oppottertt in the Flying Dutchmen.
Albany will have to contend with a multi-
faceted offense attd tlcfcttse that routed Iona
300 last week. Under the leadership of third
year coaclt Mickey Kwitttkowski. llofslra is
looking fora spot in the N(‘AA playoffs.
Featuring a well-balanced offense that
tnixes tip their running attack with the pass-
ittg gattte. the Albany defense will Itave to be
ready for any type of attack. according to
Dane assistant coach Mike 'I'oop. Last week.
llofslra was led by quarterback Rich (,‘otlella
who threw for tlttce touchdowns and seotctl
one ltitttself. Bob MeKenna powcted the
rushing attack with 73 yards on 13 ettrrics.
Defettsively. the l‘lying Dutchmen totally
sltttt tlowtt Iona. according to 'I‘oop. Led by
their big defensive tackle (‘huck ('hoiuski
((t-l. 255) attd linebacker .latuic l.alte||c (6-1.
235). llofslra will throw different defensive
formations at the Danes. “'l'ltey constatttly
switch up their alignments to give different
looks. They disguise their defenses well.“
Toop said. That could present a problem for
Albany and their young offensive litte. tit-cot»
ding to Ford.
26>

Boaters defeated in opener by Oswego, 2-1

M rk Levine
.AlSVM'IA 7E SI'UH IX EDI/0R

 

When tltc Albany State men’s soccer team
looked at their 1983 schedule they knew they
would be in for scale stiff competition with
three teams in their conference ranked in the
top it) in the New York State Division III
preseason poll. However. one team they did
not look upon as one of their ttntglter op-
ponents was the ()swego Lakers. the Danes'
opposition in their home attd season opener.
Yesterday afternoon at University Field the
lakers provided the Danes with a very rude
surprise. topping Albany by a score of Z-l.

Oswego's Eric Anderson scored the game-
winncr, his second goal of the game with 8:30
left to play in regulation time. Dane fullback
Dominique Cadet. trying to give the ball to
goalie Tom Merritt in his own penalty area.
had his pass intercepted by Oswcgo‘s Marc
Thoiner. who crossed it in front. Anderson
deﬂected the ball past a helpless Merritt.
breaking a H tie and giving the Lakcrs a 2-l
wirt.

“We had a cottple of lapses. and we gave
them an opportunity to score.'f commented
head coaclt Bill Schieffclin following the loss.
“This was one we shouldn't have lost."

This may prove to be an understatement.
as the Danes now tnust hit the road for three
straight games. Saturday. Albany will visit
Manhattanviilc. and frottt tltere things really
start to get tough. Wednesday. Albany will
pay a visit to I’lattshurgh and Saturday the)
will venture to Cortland. Botlt are top 10
teams and botlt are cottferettce games. so it is
vital that the Danes get off to a good start.
Four (ml of five conference games are on the
road. with the only home gatnc against Divi—
sinn I ()neonta.

Albany is sporting a new look in I983. with
a lincttp that features eight players who did
not appear on last year's squad that finished
with a disappointing 4-6-3 record. Wednes-
day’s starting lineup also saw fottr freshmen
tnake their initial appearance in Albany
uniforms.

On offense. the Danes boast a talented httt
relatively untested trio. Center-forward

 

  

Leslie Severe returns to the Albany littctip
this year after coming back to seltool last
January. Severe last played two years ago.
and Schieffclin feels he is “a potential All-
American," Joining him up front are junior
Mike Williams at left wing. and freshman
Tihan l’rcsbie at right wing. Presbie scored

   

the Danes' lone goal in titc loss to Oswego.
The Albany offcttsc this year will be missing
the services of 1982 All-State center-forward
Jerry lsaacs. who left scltool.

The midfield is also a talented grottp. but
has not yet had mttch experience playing
together. Center halfback Jeff Hackett is a

 

 

 

 

., ED MAHUSSICH UPS
Leslie Severe controls the bait for the men's soccer team. The hooters were
upended by Oswego yesterday afternoon by a score of 2-1.

key player for Albany this year. A trattsfct
frotn Fulton-Montgomery (‘ornmuuity Col-
lege and former member of the national team
of Barbados. Hackett should be a welcotnc
addition to the Danes. “Jeff is a tremendous
team player." Scltieffclitt said. “He is a
leader, and he is one of the tttost skilled
players ill the cottfcrettce. if ttot tlte
country." Hackett’s leadership skills have
eartted him the title of co-captain in his first
year as a Great Datte. Joining llackctt in the
midfield are senior Matt McSherry at rigltt
halfback and another freshman. Daniel (“ol—
on. at left halfback.

The defense is headed by scttior co-captain
Mike Miller at stopper. Miller was an all-
confcrencc perfortncr last year. and at 6'4“
should provide stability on tltc back line.
Joining him are senior Robert Garrett at left
fullback, freshman Francisco Dttartc at rigltt
fullback. and freshman Allen Westerman at
sweeper back. Soplttnore Tom Merritt
returns to Albany to begin his second year as
varsity goalie. Merritt was an all-conference
player last year. so the Danes appear to be
solid in net. although presently they lack a
sufficient backup.

There are many other players who will
open as substitutes bttt sltottld see plenty of
action. Senior midfielder Matt McSherry saw
lots of playing time against Oswego. antl
Sclticffelin says he is "blossoming irtto a very
solid soccer player." Also sttrc to see playing
time. according to Schicffelin. are jttttiot
midfielder Scott Cohen. freshman forward
Darwin Valencia, freshman forward Melvitt
lispinal. and fullback ('adet.

Schicffelin feels his them is very talented.
bill also sees his competition as very rugged.
“Seven ottt of the top It) teams itt the state
are frotn ottr conference." he tinted. "It is
one'of the toughest conferences ill the coun-
try. Btit we should be an exciting team that is
cttjoyable to watch. If we get it couple of
good wins ttttder ottr belt we could he a very
dangerous team and potentially one of tile
best in the state. The word is ottt that We ltave
a good team." ltopefully. the top-notch
competition will bring out the best iii the till-
provcn. bttt very talented (ircttt Danes. l 1

VOLUME LXX

 

  

   

 

ITY OF NEW YORK AT ALBANY ‘BY THE ALBANY STUDENT PRESS CORPORATION

Thursday

September 23, 1983

   
 

NUMBER 27

 

 

Faulty fire alarms cause evacuations on Indian

 

By Phyllss Lefkowitz

The newly installed ﬁre alarms in Mohawk
Tower on Indian Quad set off seven false
alarms In four days this past weekend causing
all the students in the Tower to be evacuated.
According to Quad Coordinator Gayle Grif-
fith all but one of the alarms were set off
either by steam from'the showers or cigarette
smoke in the suite room.

Although all uptown quads have the new
sensors in the suite rooms. the problem is
unique to Mohawk Tower, Grifﬁth said.
because of the close proximity of the sensors
to the bathroom showers.

The new smoke sensors are of a different
type than the ones contained in the dorm
rooms. The new detectors are photo-electric
smoke sensors which, according to Director
of Physical Plant Dennis Stevens. work on a
light sensitive system which. when blocked by
smoke or steam. triggers the alarm. He noted
that "the dorm roottts contain ionization-
type detectors which are sensitive to a dif-
ferent type of smoke." Tltc fault. Stevens
stressed. was ttot in the system, but in the set-
up of the detectors lit a “steam-prone" area.

The course of action the Plant will be tak-
ing. Stevens said. is to disconnect the photo-
electric sensors itt each suite in Mohawk and
relocate them. two to a ﬂoor, outside of the
suite room doors. This is scheduled to begin

Monday. September 26. he added.

Director of Environmental Health and

Safety. Karl Shaar said that the new sensors
were part of an ongoing university campaign
to update campus safety. He stressed that
“the university is ttttdcr no legal obligation to
to this. but in the past few years (the Plant)
.tas installed smoke detectors in all dorm
rooms. smoke sensors in suite rooms. ABC
iry chemical fire extinguishers in suite
‘ooms, and is planning to install photo-
electric sensors on Alumni Quad in the near
future.” There have also been photo-electric
sensors installed in all dorm hallways. he ad-
ded. which are directly tied into the dorm
alarms and the Plant.

Both Stevens and Shaar feel that students
Should be aware of what fire safety features
are available and how to use them correctly.
“Buildings are only as safe as the care people
take. Carcicssncss can jeopardize the health
and safety of all the residents.” said Stevens.

"All the dorms have heat and smoke detec—
tors in the dorm rooms which sound off only

 

n the room." Shear explained. In case of
fire. he noted. these will alert the students so
they can go to the pull station outside of their
suite, or In the dorm hallway. which then sets
I)” the dorm alarm. Every hall has one. he
added. and each tower has two putt stations,
located near the stairwells. “The stairwells in
the tower are separate from one another and
fire-safe." Shaar said. “but the doors must
be kept closed at all times to contain smoke
and ﬁre, as should the doors to the lounges In
the low-rises."

“Smoke detectors in the rooms can be
ested by eitltcr pressing a small button (it
nust be held for at least half a minute) or
)ulling down the red lever on the side all the
way." Shaar said. If anyone thinks their
tmoke detector doesn't work. they should
notify their R.A., he added.

Dutch Quad has also been having smoke
alarm problems. The problem was noticed
when a resident of one of the dorms. Eric
Leveuthal. decided to test his smoke detector
1nd found that it apparently wan’t working.
Levcnthal’s sttitemates tested the one itt their
room. wilh the same result. When Leventhal
called the Ofﬁce of Residential Life. he was
told by Assistattt Director of Residential Life
James Hallenbeck that lie had to report it to
his Resident Assistant who would in tttrn
ttotify the Dorm Director who would notify
the Office of Residential Life who would
notify the Plant Department. who would
replace it if needed.

 

Leventhal cited a few other cases .1 Dutch
Quad itt which the detectors apparently
weren't working and was told by Halleubcck
that "many smoke detectors on the quad
were ttot in working order." but didn't know
how many. The “majority of alarms just
haven‘t been tested properly." by students.
If a student just plugs in the alarm and then
decides to test it. he should give it about a
minute to warm up.

He also noted that all room alarms are
tested durirtg the summer and intersessicn,
tnd all buildittg alarm systems are checked
monthly.

SA Vice-President Jeff Schneider became
aware of the problem and got in touch with
the Ofﬁce of Residential Life. He was told by
John Martone. Director of the Office of
Residential Life. that the problem was out of
the jurisdiction of the Office of Residential
Life. Cl

 

,J

 

 

 

 

 

ED MARBSSICN UPS

Mohawk Tower; Inset: smoke sensor
Alarms were triggered by shower steam or cigarettes.

 

Airliner incident di

By Jim O'Sulllvan

srupts Ru

 

 

 

 

 

so maussicn UPS
International Pr rams Director Alex Shane
-—_‘__—‘—-'- t .
I Students Were victlms bf International furor.

 

 

Ten Russian exchange students who were supposed to
attend SUNYA this fall are still in Moscow. victims of the
international furor resulting from the Soviets destroying a
commercial jet liner on September 1. According to Alex
Sltane. director of the Ofﬁce of International Programs.
the students’ ﬂight was canceled when Canada suspended
all Aeroﬂot operations in Montreal.

The students and their advisor were scheduled to arrive
September 8.'Shaue said. He noted. that they had to land
in Canada because American airports have been closed to
Aeroﬂot since the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in I981.
The students are frorn the Maurice Thorez lnstitttte of
Foreign Languages in Moscow. As part ofthe exchange. 9
SUNY students and an advisor left for Moscow on
September l2. They arrived a day late on Sept. 14 after an
overnight stop itt Amsterdam and a detour through Vien-
tta.

Shane continued. saying it is “highly unlikely that the
Soviets would pttt tltettt (the students) on any other carrier
titan Aeroflot." " The students will not arrive until
Aeroﬂot resumes service to Montreal." lte explained. The
Canadian government suspended Aeroﬂot priveleges for
siXty days on September 6. Shane commented on how
long the waiting list will be when service is resumed. ques-

ioning whether students will have priority.

The Soviet students were to have taken courses itt (Ion-
versational English. English translation. Modern
American History. French, and Speech Composition and

ssian exchange

Presentation. Shane said. The speech course has now
been ﬁlled with American students. he added.

In a tnemo sent from the Ofﬁce of International Pro-
grams to professors who were to have been teaching the
Soviets. they were advised not to expect the students” at-
rival until at least the second quarter. sometime around
the ﬁrst week in November. Professors were asked to
keep the scheduled course hours open. and warned that
they might have as few as two days notice before classes
begin.

Shane stressed that never in the tett years of this pro-
gram has there been any similar disruptions. SUNYA attd
SUNY-Central eo-administer seventeen exchange pro—
grams with twenty—seven universities throughout the
world. Ottt of the almost 530 foreign students on campus
this fall. 85 are exchange students, Shane noted. The ex—
chattgc students generally live on one of thc‘quads paying
tuition equivalent to what they would pay at their home
universities. ltc added. Also, lte noted. exchange students
are usually responsible for their airfare. American
students at foreign universities pay for SUNY tuition attd
their airfare. plus the cost of roottt attd board at the ltost
university. he explained.

Shane dcscribetl the exchange as a service “providing
art international experience (which) is important because
it enables college students to experience life in another
culture and have first hand contacts with students of the
other country."

Advisor of International Students Dr. J. Paul Ward
refused to eonttttcttt. U

 

 

 

