I
;.
t
‘I
I
.

“a... . -

ms“..- “vet: c . me.
p , _ ‘ Y _" —_.

. ""t Wv-:,_.~_

80 lound & D'Ilﬂll

 Farewell
; M*A*S*H Heals Wounds
:As It Closes 4077th

Coame

ith the demise of M'A‘S'H the
last of the great early ‘70'd sli-
coms Is gone. Like The Mary

Tyler Moore Show. All In the Family, and
Maude before It. the producers and cast of
M'A'S'H decided to end the show with
the same kind of dignity with which It
began.

Mark Rossier

Of all these programs. M'A ’S 'H began
as the least revolutionary. Whereas All In
Ihe Family and Maude tried in shock us
with taboo language and subject matter
and Mary Tyler Moore operated for seven
years under the equally shocking premise
that a single Woman could live alone. with
only her career and be happy about It.
M'A 'S ‘H was initially nothing more than
a spin-off of an enormously successful
movie.

In fact. the first season wasn't really that
much better than Mcf Iale's Navy, Hogan's
Heroes arid other military comedies. To be
sure the writing was more sophisticated
and the humor, for the most part. subtler.
but the general operatttig principal was the

same~ use the strict formality of Army
bureaucracy as the butt of jokes.

Over the years however. things began to
change. Some of the film's darker aspects
began to permeate the series. Suddenly.

the doctors and nurses of the 4077th

began lacing up to the death that surround-

ed them. M'A 'S 'H began to realize Its ex-

traordinary potential. Here was a show

that. by virtue of setting alone, allowed its

characters to confront all of life's major

conflicts. Death. love. lonltness. Insecurity.

lust. loss. and the strength or weakness of

the human spirit were all frequent themes

on the show. While other slt-coms had to

devise bizarre plot twists to deal with such

themes (If indeed they had wanted to).

M'A 'S'H had the opportunity every

week. Once they realized that people

wanted them to take advantage of the op- '
portunity. the writers. producers. and stars

did so with a vengence.

Because of its unique setting. M'A 'S 'l'l

is probably the most serious situation com-

edy in the history of television. But. It took

years and a number of external and Inter-

nal changes for the show to .reach that

 

 

 

point.

The most obvious reason for the show's
constantly evolving attitude was the cast
changes. When Larry Linvtlle. MacLean
Stevenson. and Wayne Rogers left. the
producers. quite wisely. didn't attempt to
replace them with carbon copies. Instead.
they brought in fresh. new characters who
forced the existing ones to reexamine rela-
tIonshIps and values.

The introduction of B..I. represented the
least change from his predecessor. Trapper
John. That was only because the plot at the
time required that Hawkeye have art ally
against the arrogant and pompous Frank
Burns. But Mike Farrell brought a warmth
and sensitivity to his role that Rogers never
did. The fact that B,J. was married was
one of the irrost slgtriflcant changes. The
frivolous and sexist womantztng that
characterized much I'lawkeye and
Trapper's relationship was gone. In fact.
one of the series' best episodes concerned
Ed's guilt over a one night stand. B..I.
was the first character with strong ties back
home and It was with liitri that the pain of

separation becomes clear.

When Linvtlle left. lid. and Hawkeye
finally met their match In the person of
Charles Emerson Winchester. Once again.
the writers presented themselves with a
challenge and then met It. Charles was
every bit as clever and talented as ltls tent-
mates. And though he disliked Pierce and
Hunnicutt as much as Burns did. he had '
the ability and the brain power to do
something about It. The confrontations bet- '
ween these three increased the level of the
show's humor. The mindless sight gag and
surefire prank were replaced by puns.
wisecracks. and elaborate jokes with
lengthy build ups.

By far the most important of the changes
was Harry Morgan for MacLean Steven-
son. The 4077 now had a leader who was '
neither bufoon nor warmonger. Before '
Morgan's arrival. career military men were i
usually depicted as fools. blgots. or. most
dangerous of all. both. Yet here was a man
who had a great compassion (undoubtedly
the most of any of the characters) and
nonetheless chose a career that. by its very
nature. calls for destruction. Morgan
represented the death of the last of'
M'A'S'H's stereotypes and his entrance
signaled the show's finest moments.

Equally significant. and far more In-i

 

 

 

To M*A*S*H

  
  

 

 

terestlng than the changes In the cast were
the changes in Margaret. At the beginning.
Houlihan was an Ironclad bit«
ch—humorless. unfeellng. and almost
completely lacking In charm. As the show
progressed. fear. loriliness. and a broken
marriage softened Margaret and the at-
titude of others toward her. As their respect
for her grew. so did their respect for'
themselves. each other. and. In a very real
sense. all humanity. She was the outsider
(so. It could be argued was Burns. but he
was too much of a foolish character to be
taken seriously) and the troop's acceptance
of her invites their acceptance of everything
new and foreign and different.
Additionally. Margaret carried on her
shoulders the responsibility of being the ori-
fy major female character in the show. The
road was a rough one. but eventually she is
accepted as a peer with her sex playing lIt-
tle. if any. importance on her competence
j as both a nurse and a human being.
I Through her. the show took on a decidedly
I feminist approach to Its characters and rela-
l tionshlps. with many of the best episodes
dealing with the changing sex roles and the
die hard chauvtnists like Hawkeye's reac-
tions to them. If any proof of the changed
attitude toward her is needed. try to
remember the last time anyone called her
“Hot Lips".
Though M'A 'S‘H's seriousness led to
its greatness. It also. In all honesty. led to
the preterttiori and sentimentality. Especial—
ly In the last seasons a certain self-
righteousness crept Into many of the more .
dramatic episodes as the writers began not
only to realize the situation's potential. but
to exploit it. Pentagon officials and five-star
j generals become nrore pompous. the
Koreans. especially those with families.
became more Cute and cuddly and vtc~
tImIzed. and the cast began to let their lov-
ing feeling for each other show once too
often.
Most of what was wrong with the show
was In evidence In Monday's 2l/2-hour
finale. Klinger's irrawktsh engagement to
Soc-Lee was both silly and Inconsequen-
tal. Furthermore. his decision to stay in
Korea wttlr his bride. while meant to be
Ironic considering his early attempts to
escape succeeded only In being trite.
Equally mawklsh was Charles' un-

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Chinese musicians. While one can unders-
tand the temptation to pull out all the enro-
tlonal stops. It would have been nice if the
writers attempted to resist it a little more.

SImIlary. B.J.'s contrived and unconvin-
cing return purely for the sake of sentiment
seems a betrayal of the kind of emotion
they sought to avoid by killing Blake off. (I
know I'm not supposed to ask. but when
did 3.]. find the time to write "Goodbye"
to Hawkeye iii rocks and how did he get
the letters so perfect? As I said. I realize l'rn
not supposed to wonder about such things.
but for a show that prided itself on realism.
such sentimental excesses seem douny
-phony.)

But enough of this negattvtsm.
M'A 'S‘i-I was one of television's finest
programs and its attributes. as well as its
flaws. were could be seen at Its final hour.
Even at the end. the people Involved refus~
ed to compromise or take the easy way
out. Instead of letting down their guard at
the prospect of peace. the writers raised it
even htglrer. The peace Is ultimately as
futile as the war. The surgeons are on the
operating room when the peace Is declared
and the fighting stops. A voice on the radio
says, as the cease fire Is about to take hold.
“That Is the sound of peace." After a brief
pause we hear Potter call for a scalpel and
the surgery continues, it is that kind of sub»
tle. intelligent writing that gave M‘A '5‘]!
its power

The most impressive aspect of the final
show were the Inevitable goodbyes. Except
for the previously mentioned melodrairra
of EI.J. and I'lawkeye's farewell. the ex
changes were all remarkably restrained
Where most shows would dwell on the
goodbyes with filmcltps and tears, Aida and
Co. save them for the final 15 minutes.
Tlrls ls even more remarkable when one
considers the number of people who all
had to say goodbye to each other. The
farewells were short and sweet and all the
more moving because of It. The emotions

_ of neither the characters nor the audience

were exploited. As always. they were
treated with Intelligence. respect, and most
of all. dignity. These are the qualities that
distinguished M‘A 'S‘I-I for 11 years. And
they are the very ones that. as It leaves.

 

characteristic involvement with a troop of

television most desperately needs. Ll

  

 

 

 

    
  
 
      
 

, III III
I i lilii IIIIIIIII

U

ou're moving off next year?
Wow--you get to have your own
room. you don't have to worry
about courtesy hours. and best of all. you
cart get cable!" Those were the Words of an
acquantntance last year when I Informed
her of my declsiorr to leave concrete-haven
. 'for brownstone-heaven. While getting
cable didn't weigh as much with me as It
1 . obviously did with her; I was nonetheless
ilexcited about gettng the opportunity to
spend hours flipping around the dial. wat-
ching moronic programming and just
generally Wasting time.

I
. Don't get me 'wrong. I'm no neophyte
'r'when It comes to matters cable. Before i
 came to this institution I had over half a
.' ‘ decade of experience withxable (doesn't
that sound impressive?) I had the art of
cable-watching down to a science. I‘d
. made my folks trip and fall over the
> . outstreched wire dozens of times. I hadn't
 seen a whole commercial In five years. I
knew the call letters of stations 1100 miles
away. I could tell you if lettuce was cheaper
at Dan's Supreme or at Bolracks. You can
' see what a trauma it was when I came to
Albany. imagine going frorn 30 channels
down to 3 overnight. It was. to say the
least. a bit of a letdown. To make matters
worse. the three stations In Albany were.
and still are for that matter. stodgy. old-
'fashlonecl operations that shut down at
something like one AM. One AM. The best
TV watching usually occurs after three. two
hours after the conservative stations had
played our National Anthem. god bless
'em. By the time I was a junior. I was It-
ching for the feel of brown plastic in my
hands. as i deftly kept abreast of 30 dif-
ferent media events at the some time.
The day finally arrived when the cable
titan was due to come and Install my new
toy. I had cancelled a \Ulitllt' day of early-
stimester activities so I could be here and
,make sure hr: didn't walk off with the
device I was supposed to watch cabli- on,
namely my old TV, Of course in, didn't
show tip imitl fhw pm, matting lllt‘ \Vlittll'
‘IW a waste for mu. Twr-irty IIIIIItlli’h oi
damaging rrry apartment later. he Wan
(little; and my it]Iiti'lltil'lil'Ittitlt‘ and I ‘rll'ji
hurl into lllt’ Iliavu New World of Capital

 

vigiiitittmii’
it till”

. " llill Illll‘l’lll -

. V Party Tonight

uwmmmi

itttlttlilltilri if ,
'|||t|| “It’ll 
ll"  "" t‘.

. tllllltti it till

a 171'?“ f.“-

.
I."

“I .
«pa 1‘

 

 

HBO's autobiography.

'Channel Iﬁ-Ctnemax-l don't have this.
Still. It comes in well enough to actually
watch. I find that It comes In better during
Mary Poppins than during Hot T-Shirts.
Life is so unfair.

Chuiiiiei I7-more news wire. At any given
tinre. there are only four or five stories go-
Ing. It must be a slow world for Reuters.
Cltonnel IENOAA weather radiovplayed
behind an X-Y graph system. This Is han-
dy. especially during the winter. For exam-
ple. they let me know that we were getting
six Inches of snow last January I5. So what
if they were off. by a foot-and-a-half'.’ At
least they knew it was going to sirow.
Channel IO-MTVAMusIc Television Iras
become a real pain The novelty wore off
FAST with these guys I've never seen one
station plug itself so nrurlr linotiglr!
Channels 20. 2). 22. 23. and zit-All in
dependent. orit-of-town stations: WNI‘IW
(5) NY; WSMW (27) Worcester. WOR (0)
NY; WSBK (Jill) Boston; and last but not
least WPIX (it) NY. These are why you
get cable. It's so much more fun to watch
the NYC news. You tend to forget how
slimy people can be. WOR has the best
lineup of sports anywhere. WI’IX has Kirk
It seems they all have M'A'S'lf and The
lOdd Couple. If I could have but one wish
for any of these stations. I'd wish that the
management of WOR would come to their
senses and put The Avengers hack on at six
prrr, or at any time for that matter face It
guys--nobody gives a crap about [iil uni
the Bear. Where Is Mrs. I’eel now that we
need liar?

Channel 25 Nickelodeon-This Is the chair-
irel for pro-teens. It's got the best example
of junior lrtgh humor in You Can't Do that
Oit TUIL’UISIOH. This show i‘ornt-s out of
Canada, and rulitft)rr.0s tire liolr .md Iioug
Mckenale irryth. ldon'i fliid it funny these
days. but my ten year old cousin loves it
Channel 26 Entertainment and Sports Pro»

 

I Cablevision.

' Noone can deny that cable~tv is one of
:the fastest growing Irrdustrtes today. It will
:coirtinue to revolutionize the home front.
Within five years. most subscribers will be
lable to bank, shop. and communicate
‘through their televisions.Soon. the cable
companies will be privvy to volumes of III-
formation about you, from what you watch
to what you eat to how much money you
have. isn't that thrilling? With all this tir—
irovatton aird excitement. cable is regarded
as a glamorous industry. Picture an ad for

grarniniiig Network-IZSPN bills itself as a 24
hour a day. 7 day a week all sports opera
tion. There's a catch. however Often. the
sports aren‘t exactly mainstream or live I
guess a two week old tape of motorized
trlkes bouncing over a dirt course is sports.
ESPN should be glad that their subscribers
don't have to pay extra for them.

'Chunnel 27 Christian Broadcasting
.Netuiork-“Oh no". you say “This must be
24 hours of fIre-and-brinrstone preaching
mantace." This Is not the case, True. there

‘ commercial stations.

 

I

' bound & Dillon 9a

mild when compared to the manure on

>2 mammpm>

.CBN shows some classic comedies late at
night. Tune in and you will find greats like R
Jack Benny. Burns and Allen. My Little
Margie. and many others. You get the feel- 4
_Ing that the CBN people wlslr It was 1953
[again 9
’Chaiinef 28 USA Network-l had my first 8
‘cutttact with these guys In the campus 3
center. as l arid 300 other people watched
the Islanders kick the Rangers and others
collective butts all over the Ice lit the
playoffs, I've loved it ever since. USA Is a
(struggling company that has alot to offer.
especially at night and on weekends
Night/light Is seen on weekend nights. It
features music. artsy features, tlilllllrlliliil
and other fun stuff. The only problem Is
that for Soil“! strange reason. they play
their credits once every half hour The
credits are 7 minutes long.

Channel 29 Suicide Programing Network-
SI’N is. by far and away. the sleaztust waste
of a channel i've ever seen, It's run like a
junior high operation; ass backwards all the
way. Since I got cable. I've seen No
Diuiitonds l’or Ursula listed Ill times. It's a
boring, stupid “crime drama" from I‘lfr7
I‘ve made it my own personal Rocky Ifor-
ror Picture show. I know all the litres by
heart. SPN also "features" a show which is
nothing more than a sixty rntrrute comerctal
for shoddy. overpriced electronic goods
We're also treated to a panel discussion
with a bunch of vicious conservatives. who
r'orrrplatn that they have to pay for poor
kids lunches and call Ronald Reagan a
"bleeding heart" There are dozens of other
examples of SI’N's worth. but it would take
the whole paper arid I don't think Dean will
.rlow that

Channel Kit) f.‘-Spun-’l'hls is a channel that
all the cable companies chip in to tiltt It
shows us the inside of congressional com-
mittee hearings on subjects like fishing and
cardboard. Unless you're a loner polissci
major. you‘ll never watch this.

That's all the channels. folks. There is
talk of losing a couple of indies because
some old fool judge just rewrote the
ropywrtght laws. Before they do that. they
should consider that cable-Iv makes the
tnost inhospitable places llveable. Cable br—
tags as news of what's happening in the
Western world. I'd live In Antarctica if It
had a better cable system If we lose some
of the independent stations. it probably

 

are some religious programs. but they are

 

an NY city area cable company -- a good—
looklng young couple sit In their media »
roonr. sipping white wine and watching
their giant screenTV. To fit Capital Cabievl-
stun subscribers. the couple is now middle
aged. wife in curlers and robe. hubby in
undershirt. A mob of screaming. grubby
kids surround them. spilling the old man's
beer and knocking over the ten year old
, black amt white set. It just ain't the saute tip
here -- just look at what's on the channels:
Channel 1-tlrere is no channel 1. Why?
Who knows.

Channel 2-one of many "public access"
channels that nobody watches. I believe
this one belongs to the library. They usually
show a sign that tells us that this station ts
public access. Get some friends together--
maybe you'll get your own show.
Cliriitiit'l .'i-tliis If; one of those news and
sports wires that you see iii the lecture
terriers. If you like. you can watch the
results of the days trading on Wall Street.
Wake me up when you're clone.

Channel Il-WMI IT (I7) It's a PBS station
based in Schenectady. It's on all night. so
you can watch opera at 5AM.

Cliriniu'l 5-WXXA (23) This is what
Albany needed It's an independent
Wonderful station that's got great movies
and reruns It almost does away with the
tit'r'tl for table Almost

f'ltittlilt'l (r. If). tllltf III t'fifr'. (\Ilt'. NIIt.'.
ir'sjii'i'tiiiirfy Wliat can I arlrl'.‘

('fttllilii’fh 7. .‘i'. ‘I. II. tilllf f1.‘ all junk.
Tlii-y tango lt‘ltllt ptilrlit' .itrr'ss Itl t-tliita
tional to .r lllllt' and li'llijlt'iitlllil‘ channel
that Iran oils for "lilillrlyii" (I swear!) of
Ilmwru l‘iir paying for ilrin'.’I

f'fttiilllt'f Ill llIif) llomw Hos ()lfin' save.
IIII'V .‘ultttW Iti:.t ilIIt. iirriiit tnirvn”. .‘Iitit
I'l'itf‘. |ttrl\,lit'. Itltl r'l.rw.tc-. lilo‘ flirty Tiit'fui.

 

Iltr' lfni'l. uh"? I srispt'it tlw last intrvk- In.

Off Campus

Movie Of The Month

Vote For One:

I) Neighbors

2)!)tner

3)Death Wish it

4lStar Wars

5lStret-Icar Named Desire
6)Midntght Coirihoy
7Mrtliur

Bill’ocky

9lRocky lfl

IfllBirth O] A Nation

I IlAniinal I louse
IZTCnddysliack

I."IlCoof “and Luke
I/ll'f'fio Good. The find. and The Ugly
15)f\‘()flt'l'fitlfl

1v. Show Of The Month

“The flrlii f'itlijtft'
INN/\h'fl

Illfflir't'is

tllf t'lll'l' II To lii'nt'i'i
fileir' Iftliti'l’itlitttttt't“
(rlh'iutji

7)f\frtiy 'f'l’ft‘l Mumi'
.‘flfilurliiiiir-F. I'fllll'

 

;(“.onrpi'led by Chris Considine and Rob Rafa!

will. Ll
TV Exam
T.V. Channel Of The
Month

IIWXXA

Blcli 23 on the box (WSBK. ch. 38
flostrnt. lifrnli'u Loft. etc.)

.'f)llf3()

II)(.‘iiu'iiiirx

f'ilcli 20 on the box (ch 5 on f..ll

(Urli, :34 on ffll' Irox (ch II on I. f l '
7lt‘li 22 on "W bur (t‘fi. ‘) on I. l)
HlffSI’N

(HUS/I

IIIIMTV

l Ithclr‘t'lorli-rtii

llflt'li. II on the box (flittr’)

I.'f)cfi 27mm the flux (fllt‘ Christian fitnad-
costing Nt'ftt't'i‘h)

f‘llt'ft. I5 on the fro\ (prrrgiaiiiiiiuig
sr'lii'ilriIr-l

‘llf'iiti'itoiiiitti'iii 'I‘triiigltt

Ittl'I‘lii' f’t'ltl"ft"h (,Ttttttt

lI)f.iiti' Night lt'llfl flill'ftl f L'ffl'ltiliitl
IlIlHtipi'iiiiuii

I.‘llf fllt'lt‘tii'

ltllNitf Nu canon/y lflt' Notes

Please fill out this survey and ii'llltll to ASP
tilllt'i‘. ('(‘.iiltl. lry lVltIii'll l'l Timirk \l'ti

 

 

. w :nLJHLAMuQ‘ﬁIMﬁHS-M

 

