 

 

it gets down to what you want to do and what you
have to do. Take the free Evelyn Wood Reading
Dynamics lesson and you can do lt—handle all the
work college demands and still have time to enjoy
college life.

You can dramatically increase your reading speed
today and that's just the start. Think of the time,
the freedom you'd have to do the things you want
to do. For twenty years the ones who get ahead

2 LOCATIONS:

Sou schedule at right and
below lor locations and times.

WEDNESDAY APR.13

'Loc'alion #1:
The Best Western

Thruway House.

I375 Washington Aria... ‘II tTtII
sorth ol the tntorsectron ol
Washington Ave and Fullar Rd .
ﬂlljnmlltl to the N E suction ()l
SUNY Albany Campus tdiructly
across ltom State Quad)

THURSDAY

‘ ’Locaﬂon #2:
The Tom Sawyer
Motor lnn.

l444 Wont-tn Ave.

W: blocks cast (it tho
ttillilSUCllOTT of Fullot Rd and
Wouiuut Avi) , rust W trulri south
or the SUNY Albany Crtll||)u!.
"Vt lilo-3w. trust at tho Stuyvesant
l’lri/a Shopping Comm)

FRIDAY APR.15

 

u c D I

Schedule of FREE LESSONS

APR .14

it'ii Xi

  

it; WRI

 

have used Reading Dynamics. It’s the way to’read
for today‘s active world—fast, smooth, efﬁcient.

Don't get left behind because there was too much
to read. Take the free Evelyn Wood Reading
Dynamics lesson today. You can dramatically
increase your reading speed and learn about
advanced study techniques in that one free
lesson. Make the college life the good life. With
Reading Dynamics you can do it.

ATING
IS LIMITED,
SO PLEASE
PLAN ON
ATTENDING

THE

EARLIEST

POSSIBLE
LESSOM

2:00PM 4:30 PM 7:00PM
(i * TOM SAWYER)

(' Thruway
House )

NOON 2:30PM
6:30PM i“ “Tom Sawyer)

NOON 2:30 PM 5:00 PM
(Vk *TOM SAWYER)

 

ta EVELYN WOOD READING'DYNAMIC  .:

 

VOLUME LXX

Albany nuclear
crisis plan

is ridiculed at
public hearing

By Bob Gurdlnler
hldll" It'll] I'EN

 

 

irate Albany residents expressed an over-
whelirting rejection of a nuclear crisis reloca-
iiori plttn for Albany County Wednesday
night during a public hearing on the plan at
tile Albiiriy (.‘oriniy Library.

Over 200 people of all ages crowded tlte
library's l‘irst tloor conference room for iltrce
hours. listening to a broad range of speakers
irtcltidirig lawyers. doctors. public officials
arid citizens criticize the plan.

“My office had received many phone calls
and letters requesting it pttblie ltettring on tltis
matter." said Albany County Executive
.ltunes Coyric. who coordinated the hearing.

Shouts of "who you tryirtg to kid." “oh.
sure” and his.r.s arid boos greeted director of
the State Office of Disaster Preparedness
Donald l)eVitu. (‘ity Director of Civil
Defense James O'Connor and (‘ivil Defense
Director for Warren (‘ounty .loliit Mar/ola.
the ltcaring‘s first three speakers.

“Nuclear wcapotts itrc a reality iind the ob-
icci is to be as far away front ground zero as
possible," said l)eVito amidst gruinhlings
from his audience.

"We are ready to take care of you

 

people." Mai/ola said. “lfyou “ant to cornc’

we will take cine of you. If you don‘t want to
route _\oii can stay down here." The crowd
broke into I' 't'.

the plaii. officially known as the z\llriitt_\
t’otrtit) L‘iisis Relocation i’ltlll. was rclcnsctl
earlier this year birt has not been officially
put in place. “We (courtly " '

  

F.

'als iiivo|\ctli
will he finished with oiir l‘L‘\’lt.\\‘ ot' the plan
tic\l l'ricstlay. After that it will go to the
lrgislatui'c for their decision.“ said Coyne.

According to the plan. 504.100 county
residents will be relocated to otitlying “host”
areas in the event of a warning of a llllL‘lt‘t
attack. The three-inch tltick plan. now oit
rescrvc at the Albany Public library. details
all iltc aspects of transportation. host area
rcceptiort arid scl tip. police and media in-
volved in the warning system arid the location
and operation of “risk area centers" for the
people tci'irtcil "critical workers" tvlto will
have to remain in the risk arca.

SUNYA gyiiitiasiiim is designated by the
plan as the risk area center or headquarters.
“to be set tip to provide essential services for
the critical workers arid other persons in tire
risk areas."

All 34.200 SUNYA ripiotvrt ciiiiipiis
residents would be relocated iii the event of a
nuclear emergency to the (ilcns Falls Senior
High School. about 50 miles away. according
to the plan.

“Almost 4.000 people is a lot of people to
squash irtto the rooms up here." said Glens
Falls Senior lliglt School Maintenance
Superintendant .loltn O‘Brien.

According to ()‘lh‘icn. the school, at pre-
sent. hits 087 students. The 3.200 SUNYA
students woirld have to share the school's l7
bathrooms. which would work out to be 188
students per bathroom. He explained tltc
school cafeteriti has only two ovetis and one
walk-in cooler alottg with one regular
refrigerator.

“The auditorium seats 1,500 people; l gttes
they could scat sortie people there for
awhile." said O‘Brien.

Pediatrician .leff Cooper addressed sortie
of the medical complications he said would
be associated with tlte plan.

“Sitrtitoga llospital (host area) would have
to handle three times the aittoititt of people iii
the event this plan is put into operation.“
said Cooper.

“'l‘wcnty perceril of all surgery is emergen-
cy irt nature. This would at least triple iirtd

16>

;

   

 

   
  
     
   

ALBA Y
STUDENT
PRESS

thters Senator andﬁgbnatger, .
Linn/slide urine us (I .tIII'/lrl.\i'.

Schaffer and Schneider win

high posts in

 

By Steve lt‘ox
\I.|Il ll Hill It

In decidedly .ided victories Rich

Schaffer and Jeff Schneider won the posi-
tioits of President and Vice-President of tire
Strident Association last night.
a lot of credit to the fine job of
their campaign committees. the jubilant duo
were built sltockcd by the great majority of
the vote they had. Schaffer won with 72 pet'-
cent of the vote and Schneidcr won by a lrl
margin over Rob l-‘ishkin. “i can't believe it.
i c\pcctcd a mrich tighter race.“ Schneider
said. "This proves something." Schaffer
said. “the people believe iii its."

Both candidates were impressed with the
voter turnout that was tip corisidcrahly froiti
last year. Schaffer credited the turnout to the
new approach that they took to llrejoh. “We
went out knocking on doors since vacation
explaining to the students wltat was going
on." Schaffer stated. He added that this type
of DCI‘SOlltllllctl ticc .' oultlcoiitiitucat SA.
“There was a greater voter reaction; this
campus is looking tip." Schncidcr added.

In what was teriitcd a large turnout. 2500
students came out to vote for the candidates.
compared to Wilt) last year. said SA vice—
presidcrtt Airii Marie l.ttl'orta. She added
that there were lots of candidates for posi-
tions this year. but tltat.“it is a sad btit trite
story tlittt people don't come out to vote on
this campus."

The two heavily debated and publicized
referendums of whether students shot"d coit-
tintic to ftiiid SASU and NYl’lltti both pass—
cd convincingly. The other rcfci'enduitis con-

 

rs
a”:

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

Friday

April 15, 1983

 

ED MARUSSICH UPS

SA elections

:eining Plus/Minus grading. the Solomon
amendment. and the funding of Dippikill all
passed.

The Constitutional revisions to the SA
(‘onstiiniion did not pass because tltcre was
less than a 20 percent \otc on the issue.

Controversy and confusion surrounded
this year's elections. Student Association
Presidential candidate Joe ltnnni was dis-
qualified for hanging up illegal posters. and
the elections for Off-('ainpiis ( cittrttl Coun-
cil members and Alumni Board members
have hccit invalidated and posiponcd until
next week. according to l-ilcctinn Commi-
sioitcr Ken ()lscn.

La l’orta said that ()lseit incorrectly pro-
grammed tltc voting itiacliirics iii the Campus
Center. She cvplairtcd that the result was that
“cverytimc sotneonc voted for a member the
machine registered a vote for all the can
ditlates‘." SA President Mike (‘orso added
that similar problems were encountered on
Colonial Quad concerning the voting and
balloting procedure for Alumni Quad Board
members.

l.a l’oria stated that the polls will be open
for voting next Wednesday arid Thursday.
arid that strict measures will be taken to pre-
vent students from voting twice. SA Presi-
dent Mike Corso said that the voter lists will
be carefully checked to make sure that
students do not vote twice. students who
ltavc not voted at iiiiy other polling place (this
wcckl “ill be able to vote next week." [it
l’ori r asserted that this was the fairest and
Hit r onomical way to deal with tlte pro-
hlr-rn at double votiitg.

  

 

16>

   
 

NUMBER 18

SA Presidential
hopeful Ranni
disqualified for
illegal posters

By Heidi Grallu

Sl'ztl I M'RII'ER

 

 

Former SA Presidential candidate Joe
Rartni was disqualified froin the presidential
race after SA Supreme Court ruled that he
failed to exercise “titre care“ in ensuring that
all his illegally copied campaign posters were
taken down.

Runni. who received notice of his dis-
qualification Tuesday night after his " very
last" forum. said he was “disappointed and it
little upset" by the court's decision. "The
worst part about it." he added. "is i didn't
even get a chance to be voted on."

He said he "considered" contesting the
elections. but decided against it.

In the first hearing Sunday night. l'ornie'r
Council members Lauren Walter and Ari-
tliotiy Nastri cliiirgcd Rttttiii with hanging
posters that had not bccit copied at locations
designated iit SA elections policy and for tap-
ing them up iii illegal places.

ltanni had c\plained that some of his ()00

posters were illegally priittcd because a stir-
dent working iit his campaign had unknow-
irtgly violated policy by making copies of the
poster at home. and Rlllllll hadn‘t bccit aware
of it until last l'hiirsdiry. (‘hrirgcs were filed
Friday.
‘ The ruling handed dowit by the court Srin—
day night oidcrcd ltitnni to icrnovc all illegal
posters and return ilrciii with the ttltlslct‘ copy
and all remaining copies to the SA office by 4
‘p.m. Monday.

(‘hicl Justice of the Supreme ('oitit Steve
l’crriii called a second hearing tor 'l'iicsdtry
morning \\ hell he found sc\cral illegal poster's
still hanging on ilic podium Monday evening.

in addition. Elections (‘onuuissioiicr Ken
()Iscn had reported that only ISo ottt of the
600 poslcts originally priutcd were turned in.

Associate Justice Steve .'\llL‘ttlli tinted dur-
ing the hearing. "the tltiitg that is still raising
our cycbiotvs at this poiitt is where are 440
posters?"

"We icali/c that some are lost through at-
trition." l’ci‘rin acknowledged. llc question-
ed. however. whether Rtllllll had looked
carefully for all posit-rs adding that he ltad
found fottr "in plain sight."

Ranni. who has maintained since the first
ltcaring Sunday iiigltt that election policy was
uscd “to fit a certain case." noted that cveit
as llt.‘ was handed his notice of disqualifica<
tion ltc could see in front of hint oilicr cart-
didtites' posters that were illegally posted on
a wall instead of a bulletin board.

“My ‘coiiccrncd' strident Lauren thltct was
right there.“ he said referring to Walter's
claim that she filed charges against ltiiit as an
“interested student" concerned about elec-

16>

~r

 

 

ED MARUSSICH UPS

inannl election poster

l Illegally printer] will (lisp/river].

_ :4...“ -._.._..—-.———

 

 

