   
  
  
   
   
   
   
     
   
  
    
       
   
     
   
    
    
    
      
  
  
   
  
   
  
 
 
   
  
   
  
 

 

 

 

 

by Moe Mohnson

Check around the Albany area these days
and you will find several professional sports
teams popping up. Downtown, the
Washington Avenue Armory plays host to
the Continental Basketball Association’s
Albany Patroons, while the stands at
ephemeral Bleecker Stadium will soon be
filled with fans cheering for the Albany-
Colonie Athletics. Well, there is now
another one to add to the list. The Albany
State Great Danes are leaving the collegiate
ranks to join the new professional football
league, the USFL.

"From the day I saw Albany almost defeat

Southern Connecticut last fall, I knew that .

they would be a fine addition to our league,"
said USFL commissioner Chet Simmons at a
press conference held at the Albany Hilton.
"We need the wishbone offense in the pros
and Bear Bryant is not available."

"I think that we will be ready for this
league," said Albany State head football
coach Bob Ford. "I’ve watched a couple of
their games on television in the last few
weeks and l‘d have to say that they can’t be

 

 

USFL Comes to Albany

any better than some of the Division III com-
petition we've faced."

The addition of the Danes to this young
league will provide the necessary credibility
it needs to lure fans to spring time football.
The USFL is sorely in need of a bona fide at-
traction.

“We've been sweating lately because so
far Herschel (Walker) has been a tremen-
dous flop. With their Division III prowess,
the Danes are a guaranteed draw,” Simmons
said.

And the Danes are coming rather cheap. It
took five million bucks to entice Herschel to
join the league, while the Danes came for
next-to-nothing.Ford said that the league will
provide Albany with a real scoreboard for
University Field and coloring books to keep
the players busy on long road trips.

"This is a once in a lifetime dream," said
Simmons. "We would have been lucky to
get a player like Dave Hardy alone but now
we've got him and his whole team as well.”

Always a nationally ranked Division ill
team, Albany's entrance into the USFL has
stirred fear in the minds of several of the

    

, r

league's key figures.

"Oy Cevalt," exclaimed Herschel. "I
knew I would have a tough time when I
decided to leave Georgia. But it’s just my
mazel, Albany has to join.|t's such a schlcpp
up there."

"I’ve never seen the Danes play but I have
heard much about them," said Chicago Blitz

lilitv. couch George Allen and a rookie; "Where is Albany, anyway?"

It
“I. .

“Where Is

head coach George Allen.
Albany anyway?"

It’s just off the New York State Thruway,
George,and should be just the oasis that the
USFL is looking for. "We’re happy to have
Albany on our side," Simmons concluded.
"Now if only we can convince Cortland and

 

 ‘ Lenses

 

 

 

Ridiculous
review

Dear METROLAME:

He did it againll Your “esteemed” critic,
Ronald Wilcocks, fell down over himself
plugging a group who stroked his Zeppelin-
sized ego. l am so enraged, appalled, sicken-
ed, and nauseated at this blatant display of
favoritism that I am considering relocating to
Utica

What did he do? In the March I7th
Metrolame, we were treated to a review of
a joe Pepicelli concert, and I use that last
term lightly. To those of you who weren’t at
the Anthrax that night, Pepicelli and his band
the Squirm, played a totally uninspired, flat,
boring show. On top of this, be insulted
members of the audience, even throwing a
guitar at one of them. The audience respond-
ed with a shower of bottles, one of which
must've struck Wilcocks in the head. Did we
see the same show? I don’t seem to recall
any instances of "thunderous applause". Mr.
Wilcocks said that Pepicelli had a "warm.
open rapport with his audience”. Somehow,

We’re celebrating our 5th year as garbage designers

theaorlooae—n

 

ale

Annual Nuclear

I don't think that screaming insults at late-
comers shows any love for his fans. Likwise, i
don’t think a $12.50 admission price is a
"steal" to quote Wilcocks.
in the same article, Wilcocks practically
kisses the feet of Valerie Lane and the
Icecubestiey Ron-just because some trashy
hardcore band dedicates a song to you,
there’s no reason to call them “the best thing
since Spandex”. It’s bad enough that hard-
core itself is' 9‘) percent garbage. On top of
that, Valerie Lane is a talentless, frigid per,
former, with all the charm of a stool. Why
don‘t you wake up and smell the coffee, and
while you're doing that, reach over and
wake Valerie up, too.
—-Douglas 0. Hoff
Voorlieesville

Ronald Wilcocks responds:

As a rork journalist, I iwlromt' flIL‘ t'flfltfiMIl
that (unit-s With the territory. lilll enough is
enough. I may have gone .i hit overboard
with ‘i))’ .issiusrriririt of I’opirelli, but I stand
by my iii-its about the man himself. He's a
professional III t‘\t‘i)’ \t'll‘t‘ of tlirI lion]. and
all he ivants is some Import from his publir',
something he ham 'r getting that night. As far
as Valerie lane goes, [see no reason to resort

  

It’s a gigantic explosion of savings 
THAT WILL MAKE YOUR HAIR STAND ON END

on all nuclear garbage.
(disfigured, mutants, and abnormal sizes)

oraincoats oflame retardant coats ogoggles
oasbestos suits ogas masks

 

 

to personal insults, Mr. Hoff. You're obvious-
ly a sick Iiian, one who takes special delight in
rat/sing a celebrity pain.l won‘t stoop to your
level.

Comic
comparisons

Dear METROLAME:

I enjoy your fine newspaper. and usually
find the reporting to be fair and unbiased. I
must, however, object to the March 26th
cover story, by a Mr. ierry Berson, entitled
"Albany-An International Attractioni". Mr.
Berson takes the point of view that this city
definitely is a worldwide attraction. Compar-
ing this town to large American cities is bad
enough, but equating local attractions like
the Hotel Wellington with the Parisian Ritz
borders on the psyr thlllt‘. How can you even
mention the hills of Naples in the satire
sentence with the State Street hill! The Em-
pire State Plaza, while being the only wor-
thwhile thing between Yankee Stadium and
Montreal, does not however, qualify as an
"American Taj Mahal".

 

 

    

Albany is a nice town, I’ll grant you that.
But why do you have to go crazy with corn-
parisonsi I don’t agree that Central Avenue is
anywhere near the excitement of the Tokyo
Ginza, and I don’t think anyone not confined
to a rubber room would take a different
vieWpoint. Likewise, Mr. Berson’s com-
parison of the SUNY-belltower with the
Leaning Tower of Piza, while being struc-
turally correct, nonetheless is an asinine opi-
nion to hold.

Mr. Berson's article smacks of a tongue-in-
cheek style of writing. Is this the casei If it is,
you've managed to destroy your credibility.
If it isn't, you've got one deluded writer on
your hands.

—Captain Leather
Niskayuriaville lfills

Th
null olcltlnu no

IS A WILD &
CRAZY PLACE!

In Albany - Syracuse ' Vestal
When radiation poisoning makes
you a little loco!
Lunch - binrm n t 4"ka

 

    
 
      
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
     
   

4 I06 PM.

* Canned
sludge
starting
at $1.50
a 50 oz.
Pitchers of

Radioactive
fluids just

$5.99
A mixed uranium
cocktails V: price

ALL NIGHT NUKE

TEST FILMS
Oscar Madison’s
Old Bowlers Club
. Nuclear Illa.
Latham

     
 

METROLAME/April 1983

 

 

 

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  

Schlock Talk

 

By Ronald E. Wilcocks

t was quite a wild weekend for rock 'n'
roll here in the magnificent, vibrant
Capital District. Friday night, Steve
Wong, of local fave raves DirtBag, got me in
free to see their show at the Gravel Inn in
Scotia. 1, along with a mob of over 30, thrill-
ed to the classical-reggae sound of Dirtbag, a
band that is truly a legend in their own time.
What really impressed me about this show
was how nice the band was to me. They ac-
tually dedicated a song to "the best rock jour-
nalist since Lisa Robinson." WowI You
know, l’m going to let my friends at Warner
rothers (or WB, as we insiders call it) know
a bout DirtBag. Sure, classical-reggae is a bit
to a hybrid, but gosh, they were so friendly
 nice.

Not a Talking Head
One band that isn't so nice is the Talking
earls. Last year, i brought Tina Weymouth,
L _ ho plays bass for the "Heads," .1 present for
5 er soon-to-be-born baby. I for one can’t
hink of a more practical gift for a baby than
box of Deluxe Pampers. Still, I had received
0 thank—you letter. or even a call. i decided
0 call her on Saturday. l got her number
om a close personal friend who works for
. . are you ready? . . . the New York Daily
cws. That goshdarn paper has a circulation
f 100,000 at least. And he spoke to incl 1

 

 

Suzylt Iovo you, I love you. t lovu you.
trio. Marry ino Irv.

PERSONALS Iii-rural

 

  

UTATED CHILD: Socks frlondly
pllymatu, must have llngura.
" .’_  . LL... lz,."‘?l3.?:5l5°l
UGLY HOUSEWIFE: Looking for ugly
tnan tor conversation and possible
rel-.Ilmmp- . .,._rZI;9?ss:2s,9°i
OLD MAN: Would it spring chlckun tor a bum“,
lllllo cock;a-rtood|o~doo._ _ (Illinois-935) I '

 

ATTRACTIVE. SINGLE. PROFES- GE
SIONAL WOMAN: Daelroa nruutosoua,
pinhonded poop lor tun but no allnch~
mont (Zr-sogcirpgazi

 

WINDDW‘WASH l Diwaooka Iovur
wlthout tom oi hotuht. Mus bi) an o t-
meuee  . J .
GREAT DAN Looking for Frunch Poo-

dle tor a doggone good Iirrur.
_.. L... ., . . . -.. (Film???)
IALD WOMAN: Nnnds balding compa-
rtlon for post-fall out friendship.
_,,,,_WV 777, ___V.r (110573591)
. RADIOACTIVE MALE: Searching lor
towing mato, must a warm and
I __t|§ltl. wrii W. "W (21608-249)
. . ‘ RADIATION VICTIM: Looks tor |n>
dtvldunl wltti most organs still Intact.
 .Iiair optional, 7 (21-739-
~ SWBOF: Schizophrenic. :iuuka aovoral

  

in place.

 

any rrre. Murry
~ )

SINGLE. WHITE. OUATEMALAN.
REFUGE: looks tor white Jewish
Iomnlu, lDVUti Woody Allen. Greenwich
Village lirid ovurthrowiiig right win
militaryrtlctrrtorships. (ZI-7583-93764)
BHUDDIST PRINCE: Desires forty
crime Jewish women to start Nuw

ork harem. Must be able to bully .. r‘rr.
duncri. Over (I7 years of and don't (w “I” 09ml

EL ERLV, VIRILE. SOFHISTICATED
NTLEMAN: looking Int
oxcepttonrilly youni) worriirir preferably

under 8 Free lulllpuptt to all those
who are interested So what it l'm

I “ FORMER IVV LEAGUE PROFESSOR
2"759'27‘5l Sucks man in tIIltl‘llllIlluﬁ wiili lot

In the teachings of Dr Timothy Leary
(ZI‘

JOYCE: I haven't ‘iuDrl your tIIltllttlﬂ
tacu in so long. Lot's kirrrp If that way (WNW-06)
Love. Bartholomew.
WOMEN 1N MID~TrtIRTiESt Looking rust took tiiat w‘ y Some Hudson Valley
for victims uI llto recent nuc -r I int 0 A

holocaust f‘riilirr that gerrrta 1.

FUN LOVlNG. VIVACIOUS. SEXY,
027‘) SULTRY NUCLEAR SURVIVOR:
Looking for a young ptpi- SIIIOkIIIu,

DirtBag-living legends

even told him about the legendary DirtBag.
He was so impressed that he said he was go-
ing to fly up that night. Anyway, my old pal
Tina didn’t sound too happy to hear from
me. Actually, she hung up. Could this be
linked to a possible breakup of the band?
Personally, I haven’t enjoyed a Talking
Heads record since they did that song "Take
Me to the Water." lt iust goes to show you
that the local music scene is much more thrill-
ing than following dinosaurs like the Talking
Heads. Bands like DirtBag. the Humping
Poles, the CT's, and many others really
know how to treat the press, especially a
respected rock 'n’ roll journalist like myself.
More power to 'em.

Saturday night topped Friday night, if such
a thing was possible. Fred, brother of ice
Perry, spoke to me for over It) minutes over
a joint in marijuana cigarette). A hilarious
mart, Fred recounted to me Acrosmith's
crucial role on the stage of rock 'n’ roll. He
didn't attempt to dtrck or hide from any of
my probing questions. Later that night, after
things stopped spinning, I checked out the
new Cooper and Ross album on MCA. I got
this album directly from MCA, for nothing.
We insiders reler to this as a "freebie." This
happened to be my first, and this record is
one of the best I‘ve ever heard. It seems to IITL‘
that with records such as this, MCA is in a

TAKE A TASTE OF NUCLEAR WASTE.
(WI'DBSZTBB)

UNCLE WILLARD: Muot you at Ind-Rut.
Your nephew, Mickuy. (WIA37OG-IT320)
Como no Dirtﬂag at tho Anthrlir tn
Watiirvllat.Ronrrld Wilcockolovol ul.
(Wt-78894365)

DIRTBAG ROCKS Iltu Cutsltttlt We love
yuut 4 U0ly. horny tuirnuno girls

Vomiting? Try Mama Bnlonny'r-i radia»
tion rrlzlri You'll never vorrtll (or do
anything lot that matter) again

I

(2‘ 0375-0304)

Xl-R‘JfEl-TBSUI

Dldja aver notice how thu prioplu who
I . any "Moron is the root of all evil" havrr
(ll-gm-UHJM ail tho monriy’l l'vu not tom; 'o ttirrsu
; [tuy rity books. diirnrniti!I Andy Rooney
05 417,054)
'tl I'm sick and tired of prropl kirrr) mu
about my uodrlurirn brother I vu comir a
long way on riiy own. you know An oil
rrrospiiorlc sciunco piolossmi

   
     

8470-9314)

(2"5"75'937“l We‘re really not toners. you know. We

rnystwt‘ - 5 l

Hay Lisa: I don't look like a col ltiunki
Iiink like a teddy boar. instead Tlirr boot
tillillttl th-52I7-045)

We don’t mean to pat tlttfl-ttlvus on the
II. I '

 

 

‘ ll lirr
(II-7374 II'Illrl)

ick. hit to , we ii: in control now

 

 

' map“, to “up rm, company. mango truardud Arniiririan wrtlt matching a j q n u
‘ ’Loﬁponrt (Zlk‘ttitl 2049) lttiitritionn (Zl-YSRQ-Jttfill ll!rd,M£Itt:.Pttlly,Tt!Il.Gitll.Ht)lt.UitVl‘ 4
LONELy FEMALE, pnopessmNAL ELEVEN FOOT MAN: Looking tor a rk.Thu Dritis..Mark.t . d
LI.,Holiy.Mlckuy.Wr|l.Mr. MIJT.MI

.r MODEL: 5‘7" t20 lbs. sun” map, it), lengthy relationship. likes to trill tall

g‘puruly physical rolutlonshtp. Prolor talus
grossly overweight. (Zt 484-82”)

  

(lib-1180165) Trendsetter. Mr Stat, rind sundry other

personnel. lWLOOa-ZIIA)

 

 

LITTLE GIRL: Wants litllo troy wtto‘.

lorosted in starting early. before it . no

(ll-6.1189345)

WANTED: Hide to the remains at Ntrw

York City. Wllt shurn gas. hail hairs,
hospitalization Respond Box use

[21»Bl7hr2ill

  
 
   
   

   

I NEED MODEL510nty those who have

own skin need apply Easy work IROtlt‘l-

Irru skin grails and burn medications
(ll-SZDl-OODSJ)

i. DEAR YURI: When you flash ttioso SS
205. | just tool like rixplodinu all over
V Yourunl.Hulrnut Kohl. (ll-08760545)

j: DEAR RON: Pinau don‘t set off any
‘n’ more bombs. Wu're bad enough oil as
:33 In. T a sup n o
Kumpuchea. (It-74659823)
WANTED: Nude pictirrns of .
McGuIllcuty. Ethel. rrndlor Find Mnrtz.
Will pay top dollar. Orrty serious people
new reply. (Box 000) (Z I-IIQJZ-Ol t6)
LONELY EMALE. PROFESSIONAL
, MODEL: 5'7" 120 the; trunks mirlu for
 puron phyatcui relationship Priitur
ii grossly ovorwotuht irrnlo wltir horpns if
,i. possible. noupondbluo Ford van on
 uhouldorol tho Northway (mill 7)

at y _ (ll-5609mm)
.' FOR SALE Ono 50-munaton Ilthr
; rnonuclonrwarhnnd.Dollvur vuhlolrilnr
f cludod. Capable of duatroy nu eastern
seaboard In 30 seconds. Mint cantil-
tton. Thu perfect gift for any Soviot
. chairman. (Ut>tiQ7>DB7iT)
Irv-l don't. I don't I don't. Gut ioat..ttut
Iqstﬂgtllgs‘uﬁauzy.th~4t23~U7l

Onil- If you make one more joke about
sloop travelling. I'll pour water on you
while l'm out and about. Mr. Warner
ElgadZL-ﬂQO-OM)

Plttt- Tunka for tho liafptsiitirrday niniit
w ray. lzmgaysn

 

T . no and Plttl- Vou'ro hula II ou
think 0 d woolor la amarior itinn Mr. lt-
ly Kat. who ever hoard ot a cat chasing
a stick out onto a highway? Frlrindu ol
swirls. gamma

TAKE THE GODDAMN GATES DOWN
AL AD . iT'S A . it
CHRISSAKESIIil-Conoornod Stair
wnikuratZt-dztO’OSA)

 

 

 

METROLAME/ April 1983

MISCELLANEOUS

   

Hoy-t’hr- Vile Dirtllori are coming.

(WI 5432*tl930)
HEY: Tho Vltu Dollies trio camlrintllt

(Wt-543241931)
HEY-THE VILE DEFILES ARE
HEREIIIWHOOPEEIII (WI-543243932)
Hey—You irrietsiiit llil‘ Vlll‘ Dr.
Sltrnthks th'SA‘lSQ tl‘ .
MY DAVGLOW DREAMDATE: You tililid
me with your inlia red eyes, Your Sh n
ma Strir iWI-I-tdtt R723)
I'll gladly pay you Iiii~i.day lor a pint of
blooiltritluy IhirtlrgWiinpo

lWI tiliPl 0000)
l'lnnollllrrtrfyilt Rat. [WI-5419.19”)

Altitut‘ “Charlie; Toriimy
(WI-MW»!!an

 

Hilary: I‘m doing to lttikl) you Count on
tun iiriiuritiins (Tun titre) fhun wn'll sou
wholrrirrihu Crrkir'irl’rrt (Wt-9l2-ttt)
Come one Robert Kloln at Doctor‘l
Theater. Sim this tiyritrrrlciil mrin joke
about bnldrinu. uturlllty. radiation
poisoning and "In Aniirrlcun wny.
(WI‘QGSO-DZBB)

Nuclolr war.Huh.whntnlaoll now.Tho
Moll always gotbnrnhed.
(WIvBBBA-DIGM)
Come to Baliut'e. Albany's irottnt
dllco and pat bombed. Located on the
ground floor of this Albany Hilton for
onfntvrollona. twr-iaasasla)
l'm planning a pro -' minim on what's
left of Washington, to j'tirlirtll our
uovnrnrnoiil'n driclirrrrtion oi win on tho
Russians. Sure, tiuiy launched an IIII~
provoked first strike. kllitnn i()0 million.
but that pivot! on no right to ho angry or
retaliatory. Lot's bu trip about this Allin
"obuao mu amt I'll still love ya" lira:-
(Vi/IVAOO-Uiﬂ)
What the troll Iii ftoutliur, anyway? A
daughter of ti clothth ()tiy, aka
Sir;aiiriii(Wt-041tb-07ll
Party with Hack Drink wlih Tricia ii i
(to wild with Elltrttn. SUNYA v
lWl~4Iltl0-f154)

   

FOR sair

 

FOR SALE: IIIEAL liari. Pastiis ori
lriraullluily over tialrt patches Also,
now organs itlltl limbs at wholesale
prions. lYi .‘i‘JJLSODOl

FOR SALE: Picture; of a once Ilrin State
University F. in. Cali Marlo"|'m iloiri‘
llttn'iCuotttU. (Yl-AIN-UJM)
FOR SALE: Pieces of a once line Na
tioiiiil Forest Syslutrt Call James 'irr

rertllyiiotas a i' Watt (YMTJ

 

   

FOR SALE: Lotiiman-styli- Hurt
Suﬁpt-rtdutu, good lor keeping iiaritii
over local members Respond any ITitrr
Ant drug atom or Home for Rich Con-
survativo Reactiorrruy Politicians. Box
$500M [VI-4524 I950)

FOR SALE: Dustannr Gas Masks.
rispircially designed for solo brtrrtlhlnu
on and aioiind Dutch Oira .
(VI-Gﬁﬁ-Illl)
I NEED DUVERSII I've got tons of no
nurnu photon of audit TV stars lrorn tho
50'5. For example. would you like to sun
Phil Silvorri In tho altogether? Talk
about Snrnnant Dtlkotl How about Mia.
Mcguiliauty or Mrri. Odrilto. Those ocv
tununurlrins suuiir like It} year otda
without their drosst and orthopedic
uhous. "15550923

Cl" ROTO TOOTER thll'l It)! him-

and away an“ nuclur w. u down "I.
state.- , , _ ix 67524939?)
Sn NAIR the mullcll.
otth nod at ya

 
 
  

 

It It remind you
, _ __ tXJ:!Z°9'7°5ti
DRU :Cumlna soon to thii Cat's Tori.
The only survivor oi ttiu larirurt E-Striiut
BLtiIti, He'll trunk his hit song "Dltndiid
by the Light" lII honor of thin viiiii‘u
iiuku Dltfll‘Vl-IIBIIIY, __ (XI-UNIT 0-157)
Tho WRONOOS are Ibloluilly right.
(Xi-80675437”)

 

lAl Kash: To fly to Zeppelin?

 

strong position to gobble up industry weakl-
ings like CBS and Warner Brothers. I believe
it was Guy de ivlaupassant who once said
that "it Is a successful label which knows how
to treat influential writers." Right on, Guy.

Fear of France
A rumor, which if true could be earth-
shaking. came my way on Sunday. It seems
that Al Kash, who dumped on Fear of
Strangers to Fly to France, has been ap-
proached by none other than jimmy Page.
Do any of you remember Page? He was lead

 

   

   

LARK STREET: Should it he (“in
with napatrri't Send opposing view-
rolnta to Mayor Corning. Boston
Juitairit" Universiin Hospital Altrrrr
lion Vuauiarrresuaar [Xiiifirititil’lfi Wm).

FREE SHOWING rrl .Jaiztiiirrs Coir"tenu
aiut his survival “Hill” to II tr w

tonight at I500 hrs at tho ruins of
4483 Washington Avo I’Iu be pro-

 
    
   

 

night I‘ ii2 root)

 

Listen for Tony Boirutt'a now a
My skinIrilrijtlanpotts.txt-DB7: ‘_
nuw. the mid to on its way.
It thii rr-irtosiorrri do not get you. the
radiation wttl.
SEE JOE TOES IN FOOTSIE: He's a
Itep ahead of the root. (Xi-84724839)
NUCLEAR CELEBRATlON AT THE
SOUTH MALL: It‘s going to be it blast.
Conin July 4 for the show to and all

a

 

 

 

WANT GARBAGE: We've got just the
crap to suit your needs. That's
Garbage-On. the lender in Nuko Garb.

Elmnr Fudd In a atudi
The peanuts are always blugnr at this
bottom of the brittle. Thanks I needed
that. (X

Buckwheat bombed. Let‘s take a look.
That little rascal not his gu a
splattered. O'Itryl (XthZTG-MBT) |||5.(|y(|lt|

2

  

Than: Is no and; hug Ilyo ,udiniioni social security number. I it intuiirvrr
(Xi-90799533)

Olga. Don't be so stingy with tho

bllntzu.

tur

(XLMTAOBB)

  

‘ieaily mean It

HELP WANTED .

 

reopening a land

 

.il.t .-

stirlf Must illilt.‘ trirearl .1an write lilo triiirtlalri customers iIIltl tiiiyrnri Ilty ox-
Eriglrsh language [iipuriririce not tioini-ly irvirr pricrut itrrrrkii ll .ill goril-
Ill't‘, ’5;in lVl d‘ltiti LIME) wr-ll wr,r :rliiiultf lit! think In operation liy

mill"I HELP WANTED: I need puoplii to help
trio fix my house Said hounu was ncats
lured by the initial btirst. aiirt I trollovu
thrrt it can be piuciid Ioputhei m a low
5 Work will be harrudouo and
:lﬂllnll. with liutlights tietwriim my
workurs and Rod Cross iii-opio likon |
'ottnr ll ﬂtrrtutous pay plan. along with 5
l iriid sickdnys a your. unit trillion ltiltll‘
, . . ‘ , bursrrrnoni It may not lit) the best jlil) III
'"pl' "l' l"””"" 'n'" "0; "g'vm’ "w .thu world, but it beats tayiiuj unriirr rim
l tita any day of the week So do yo
a layer. and ntrotl on ovrir My .uidr
It! ion to 2500 Central Aviinun. Albany
lliroiroirUIIca (Vt-245504)
HELP WANTED: Some nrrtty guy to (p)- “[5pr
thtllDIgun—n mu riiourut rny nututtborllotitl. tearing
chunks of wood olt ttru houses, and
clarinlnu that they wufl: orig
l his I'm looking for sum ..
puoplii to toituiir this not tho iruxl limo m” imw
he comes around The most qualified
pimple would bu air-bouncers at atu
(“Jilin-9264) dunt qhiitlo bare. It you III the hill. and
iikii lTntIllllﬂ up on sick people. I think
wucnnqottogolhor (V1007 DUO)
HELP WANTED:Wlth thodostructton oi
[XIvTBJ-BJEO) SUNY. we have Illl lost our jobs Wtint
(“0349.735”) we seek to puopln to all and listen to us
lircturo. Belinvo It or not, very few puo- rill
plu actually want to sit and listen to
some old. :‘rloilgy Phil ramble on ‘Iitt
l' “"937” on about it moronic. siilip-ct So pl
lirilp utr Wii pay a very good wapir. .t
wt) prrarantrrii cirrus of any sleeping
' oariri sriirit your name.

Uepartirri'nti; of
Economics. Philosophy, History and
Computer Science ‘ NY
Altyot aitwrtl do w
HELP WANTED: I‘m planning on open-
mu tip my lrlIllOtttx cliili. and llll‘) llliit‘ |

i543 DEM)

’ilo'ie not gonna let
:Einilltt stuplil old war not III llit' way of
mark | Itt‘t'll :amin
THE TIMES UNION-KNICKV KNACKV litund lItIfltIltlltIl'J, .iliil altar w.iitri-:. -1.
K "i ' thlt't5 to work on out who really know how to annoy and in

 

ARTS '& SELF CONGRATULATIONS

bassist for Led Zeppelin, a rock ’n' roll band
of the 705. In addition to Page, Led Zeppelin
.had Robert Plant on guitar, John P. loneson
.Vocals, and John "Bunzo" Bonham on
"traps," or drums. I met Bunzo once, and he
gave me his autograph. Naturally I was stun-
ned when I recently learned that Bunzo had
passed away. It looks like AI will play drums
for the group. 1 wish him all the luck in the
world. I hope they do that song "There's a
Lady Who's Sure" on their upcoming tour.
Al, l'm sure, will grant me an exclusive inter-
view, so keep your eye on these pages for
some great talk with old Al.

I have been taking an awful lot of flack for
my comments on Adam Ant. I'd like to set
the record straight on that matter. lstancl by
my assertion that Adam Ant is the best all
around performer since Frank Sinatra. Who
else can wow an audience like Ol‘ Blue Eyes
besides Adam Anti The man Is a genius, and
we‘re all very fortunate to live in Adam's
time. Frankly, l was deeply insulted by peo-
ple's remarks that the only reason I said all
this was because Adam bought me a drink
and harl a picture taken with me. lam a pro-
fessional, darn ill I judge a band or act by the
talent involved, not on any extraneous fac-
tors. i hope this clears up any ITII arnrlerstan-
ding.

[Be sure to check out the new Cooper and
Ross album on MCA. It's a rich, deep album
that really deserves attention. it also makes a
great gift. In addition, don't miss Dlrtllag
when they play the Anthrax in Watervliet.
llelieve the, missing them would be like miss-
ing the Beatles at the Cavern Club. See ya
therel I

..»..-~CLAssri=rED§

Lritiol Day. ‘90:! Call inov Wirlrrlt! “El
forum" Cttttlltvltr'l (VI QIJI’OSA)

HELP WANTED: It lltlti come to our ril-
trmlioir that our i-ii 'irnpiilitor I‘) plann-
mporr rooprmmu flit wrltdrrstrrry us If
tirii riioprinirro is successful. we will be
.r shadow of what we run now Wu seek
r-npirrlrrnciiri varritrils rind arirorrisls to
trunnion this tumor Your inla-
liltitl. should you drrclue to rrccnpt it. is
to really rireus up this place. If you or
any til you lorr'ri are caught or hillml,
the secretory writ ltiirntt Good luck Ap-
ply now at tho track door at Tito Cat's
ltrtr [Vt Obit-IRS)
ANTED:WIthlherieutructlon of
our ttiitovrru UNIVACJIOO. we are all
lost soirtii. Wirat will takii its place?
Wtint will cause us to sit up urrtlt tour
o'clock in the. iiiornriru. trying to liquid
o r a list In
.rlphaliri at order? What will break
down when 2000 peoplu have a program
duo the next day? Wo iioort peuplu to
mm or. impossible assiomrronls, and
their grade them irinlly unlullly. Wu'll
takri almost any sort or abuse. because
crimpuiure arii thir way of tho iuiuru
Hr-tl. we‘ll even wait on line to on abus-
Crtll us. soon)! Assocrullon at tho
Terminally Involved Witti Tairninals.
(VI-9000445)

E

  

 

 

   

 

 

FOR RENT“

    
  

Station
r-xtiirinr. wor
hl‘t'lillln ii
tired rtnltar a month plrrii h

Slum t iiiit'ti Association

(Ul Utllli Willi)

F RENT: Shanty irrr l-tliiiriin sum-i
l‘i'iltmI :rlttitjlult'. willttrlrlilri llit' tlttlul
ii-nr-nt iiiiclrriii rirplosiori No pets
allowed fslflt'ti radiation lith'l5 ari- bltll
too high (Ut 92th] 976)

 

 

 

  

*D—Day 1241*
THE TRAGICAL HISTORY TOUR
A journey back to the good old days

a: D-Da y *
9-10 AM
The final chapter

of the discontinued
history of Rock & Roll

 

 

 

