 

g
i

.. -c a. .1.“

~nrwlA—4-mvrvd‘h‘k‘h

10 ASPECTS ON TUESDAY

   

 

y suitemate and l were hanging out

in the suiteroom as usual on Tues-

day nights. Scott went downstairs
to meet the Albany Campus pizza man so we
could pig out. Barry wanted In on the pizza
but we had already allocated the eight slices.
Once Scott returned. he laid the pie down
on my disgusting orange carpet and pro-
ceeded to fill the void in our stomachs left by
UAS. Scott was busy calculating the amount
of seconds until finals (be Is a bit on the
tieurotic side). Eric was finally taking down
his izod sweaters that had been hanging to
dry In the shower stall for almost two days
now.

llan Nissan

50 what's the point? Easy. Isn't college a
blast? I think so. All this madness is only go-
itig to continue for a limited time. Alter we
graduate. the bullshit will be over and it will
be time to get on with our real lives. We will
have to enter the "real world." complete with
its hardships. failures. and disappointments
No more piua. wild sex. drinking. dancing.
WCDB. Delta Sigma Pi. Telethon. Pre-
Health Society. or any other activity that
may occupy our time (did someone say stu-
dying?). What are we going to be like in tett
years?

Questions like these prove to be tlte local
point of the new Columbia release entitled

"The Big Chill. which stars Kevin Kline.

William Hurt and Jeff Goldblum. The Big
Chill is a film about the lives of former college
students who graduated during the late '605
Alex. one of those students. committed
suicide because he couldn't handle the
pressures of life. This shocking death enables
his friends to reunite at his funeral alter a lil-
teen year separation.

They are still listening to The Rolling
Stones. Smokey Robinson. Aretha Franklin.
The Rascals. The Beach Boys. Credence
Clearwater Revival. Three Dog Night. and

l

how the sixties generation was faring in the
world so that. perhaps. this generation could
see itself as It may be in the future. All the
characters still ltave their hattgups. their
)ealousies. and shattered aspirations. Each
has a vision of what their lives should have
been. All of them are unhappy with their
jobs. their families. and their lives in general.
Their friend committed suicide because he
couldn't handle life.

Jeff Goldblum is very effective in his role.
He provides the audience witli a much-
needed dose of comic relief to break a
tttultitude of emotionally tense moments.
Goldblum always comes up with a witty
comment to evoke laughter during the

Sound and Vision

Big Chill Is Hot And Cld

 

 

OCTOBER it, 1983

 

u.-u~/. '

v. Pitt/.u'lt'
.. t WW...

 

The Band. They ltave failed to realize that
there ltave been a few new bands formed
strice that era. Pot and cocaine are still a ma.
)or part of their everyday lives.

Lawrence Kasdan. who co-wrote and
directed the film. drew heavily from personal
experience. In his words. “I wanted to do a
film about what was ltappenlng in my
generation. I'm 34 now, and like a lot of my
contetnporaries. i felt I was going through a
significant change in my life. It was very in-
teresting to me. having been in college dur-
ing the sixties. that a lot of us at one time had

the feeling that whatever we wanted to do. v

we could do. . ." Kasdan attempts to show

 

discussion of the death. He is in the film to
make us laugh. although .tt litiit'S the lake,
are tnnappropriate. Goldblurri has it (Uiluln
Intangible quality about hint that kt‘trps it...
movie from turning trito one oi thou;
daytime soap operas.

Kevin Kline. who is most littiitrlt‘i in, (“5
incredible performances iii lltt' firmiriinw t."
The Pirates of Pertzurtcc and for ltis film
debut opposite Meryl Slik't’ii itl .‘iitphtc's
Choice. turns in a less titan r|tlt'titiitlt' pair".
mance. Despite performing stir it lit/.iire rit‘ls
as Impregnatlng his female college ltiL‘itd .ii
his wife's insistence. Kittie [ittryt's to he 1...,
indecisive. The audience cannot understand
what his character Is supposed to l‘t' I don't
think he did either Kline [)tIt\‘i's ii. hr. h...
unsure of his role to make arty liiiitriil .ir an

William Hurt plays a druggit' liu \ltll pops
pills. snorts coke. and does all time other
things that are becoming tiring oit flit' st rm.
However. this druggie does haw ‘itillit' (ifllls
mind left intact. and he fllri“; tttiittitgu It;
make meaningful and incisive ntwmii...ls
while he is taking on a print or swallowing.)
quaalude. He is the first to It'rili/i’ that [be
whole group is unhappy iti fltt‘ll priisiviit
lives. He is also the first (and irtitilti' the only
one) to accept it. Although his roiv \t’t‘liis

lititiiig

' less significant. his character is pivili i]i\ thii

most important one Uttftttttitirttt'ly lav rm.
suffers front being too lettlrtllk'ti rtlitl iiihlttii

Overall. The Big Chill t'riti lii- itli  tint-ti»
particularly for college students \'.rii lli', lili’
after college be a bomb similar to tho hum iii
the characters iii the film? Or will i he t tit lt
corporate lawyer making mega int. i ~ .iriii

’damn proud of it? The Ilig ('Iriil t.-..i. .i trim.

idea that made a good |)t)ttil liltt'  i2. ii t'ril‘.
be debated on forever This t’llit irtl 1\\tti‘ Unit

discussed iii the first half of the flu“. u lltt'
rest of the film merer repeats lllt' Iiiiirir tllitl
one cart grow weary of front llit‘ ‘tltlt‘vt'titit‘tll

lack of theme. The Big Chill r'oulri haw l)t'\'l|
an excellent film. but it left this ti‘\.:i“.t.t‘t out
In the cold.

Rockats BevBop At Cafe

0 KAT WILD! On Monday night.

the Rockats rocked the New Yorkl

City Cafe ll. Dibbs Preston
(vocals), Smutty Smiff (bass). Danny Harvey
(guitar). Barry Ryan (guitar) and Mike
Osborn (drums) make up the Rockats. a
much neglected yet first-rate Rockabilly
band.

 

Claudia Besen

Five and a half years ago in England.
Dibbs Preston and Smutty Dennis Smiff loin-
ed Levi Dexter and the Rockats. When Dex-
ter left to lead the Rip Cords. they became
the Rockats. Their major inﬂuences ittclude
Eddie Cochran. Gene Vincent and early
Elvis. Or. as Smutty said, “the basic founda-
tion of all good rock-n«roll music." He also
cites blues greats Muddy Waters and BB.
King. and R&B artist Joe Turner as impor-
tant inﬂuences in his style. Their basic but full
Rockabilly sound exemplifies those driving

 

Confronted with the opinion that
“Rockabilly bands are imitators. not in-
novators." Dibbs said. “it's true. in a way."
Smutty clarified by adding. “We definitely
take what we like about the music and in-
novate on it. and expand on it. That's what
we hope to do in the future wih the next
record too."

Their live show included 16 sortgs and an
encore. with original tunes like "Love This
Kat." “Go Kat Wild" and a slow love song
called “Start Over Again." all from their first
album Live at the Ritz. They also played
“Make That Move." from their current EP.
plus rock-n~roll standards like “Be-Bop~a-
lula." “Shakln' All Over." and “Slow
Down."

On stage. the band gives an energy-
packed performance that challenges any
other Rockabilly act l've seen. Dibbs Preston
is the charismatic lead singer. Aside from his

 

forces.

stunning good looks. his voice. smooth

 BY RA. HAYES

 

dance moves and vitality make him a great
frontman.

During the show. Dibbs attempted to jump
rope with his mike cord." Unfortunately. the
stage was too small and the ceiling too low.
Smutty Smiff pulled his pink upright bass
around the stage doing Rockette kicks. play-
ing a catchy bass line that showed his blues
inﬂuences. He also committed perverted acts
on his bass. hence the name Smutty. Danny
Harvey's guitar playing is fast. driving and in-
tricate. Barry Ryan. aside from playing the
guitar. plays great slide to the Hank Williams

tune “You Win Again." Mike Osborn. ’

formerly of Hollly and the ltalians. bangs a
rock~steady beat.

Their most recent release proved to be a
learning experience for the band.Though
they like most of the EP, It wasn't a commer-
cial success. The sound they achieved. with
the aid of the syntheistzer. wasn't exactly
what they were striving for. Smutty said that
some of the songs seemed out of context.
and that “up-tempo. dance-oriented

 

 

Rockabilly" is the sound they “did in put
sue. Artistlcally. their goal scents iii in» it
combination of the rootsy Rockabilly on their
first album Live at the Ritz. and the llltiit'
poppy sound of the synth-related lil’

Unfortunately. the audience at tln‘ New
York City Cafe seemed content to sit .ii fllt'll
tables and sip their drinks. even when [lititti
asked everyone to get up and tltliltt' Sirirri
the band thrives on the energy of tlrt' itii
dience. their performance stiffi'lt‘tl
somewhat from the crowd's lack of en
thusiasm.

The Rockats tnade a video of lltt’lt wig
"Burning" in only ten hoitrs. “It was .i little
bit of a failure for us." said Dibbs. "We didn't
really have much control over it“ 'w'irtiitty
said that they now want "to write and pro-
duce and direct our own videos. That's the
ideal way to do a video. because you [till .tii
Your ideas dowrt. as opposed to sotriuorte
else's.’

Watch out for The Rockats and lliUtt third
record. due for release this spring

 

suns I THANK GOODNESS
YOU‘RE' HERE !

 

 

THE MEN N THE WHITE Ti

  

tT‘S MY HvSBAND. HE, j

JEistTtsOStTEsq A BtRD. HE
ND sou HT

SEVEN or THESE surc‘is.’

 

 

 

 

LOOK ON THE BRIGHT m
AT LEAST HE DOESN'T E

THINK HE‘S A PENGUtN.’

   

  

       
  

   

 
  

:=‘ l “ ff
WHAT DO 

     

 

EEVEN TUXEDOS wourt>

 

   

 

 

YOU MEAN? 

 

   

AVE COST A FORTUNE.

  

 

 

i
.
i
i

 

OCTOBER if, 1983

.... "a.

was...“  v v

 

 

And So It Goes

 

Kurt Talks Technolo

urtng a group discussion at a
reception after his speech.
Vonnegut had the following

things to say.

“Technology doesn't have rights over
humans Coprporutions are doing riglri for
corporations. not people Technology. not
people. are dangerous, ”

Catt we live with technology?

"You're asking me to fire my typist. It is
possible to I’li’flﬂllL’Jll u httirtrine way. but cer-
tain technologies gre beyond our abifilil's to
humanize them. "

Your works seem to debate the absurdity
and chaos of~liuntatt life.

"I just identify the absurdity; I don't
celebrate it. "

Does this reflect your view of life?

"You're speaking about your owti perv
sotial reaction to iriy writing. Books aren't
responsible for people who read them. If I
have a slingshot that kills a bluebird. f cart 't
be responsible for what the slingshot does. I
don't critique readers‘ responses to my
books."

A critic said that when a person reads or
listens to Vonnegut. he starts off laughing.
but gradually finds the work offensive. Does
this statement have any merit?

"If I genuinely offend someone. they'll
stop reading my book. I don't want them to
stop. Idon't want to o/fend anyone. [don't
want to outrage society. A book. in part.
should be a lesson; it should try to somehow
instruct the reader. "

What could be dotte to make this
dangerous technology more ethical?

"Lots of thlngs. The purpose ofthls society
is to take care of hitnrarr beings. Corpora-
tions. technology. machines are presently
getting in the way.

“Back around the turn of the century.
there were men who amassed huge for-
tunes. But they provided jobs and fulfilled
the fundamental human social contract.
Now they wont to do without people and use
machines. They're breaking the social con-

? he Performing Arts Loft is a non-
profit dance studio. located at 286
Central Avenue. offering a wide

variety of classes and workshops to perform-
ittg artists as well as the general public

Sally D’Alessandro

While this may seem like an end itt itself.
the Loft is really much more than this
description implies. Donna Byrd. one of its
board members. chooses to describe it as a
place to explore movement and dance

In the past. the Performing Arts Loft has
shown its diversity by offering classes in jazz
and modern dance. creative movement for
children. karate. t'ai chi.aitd yoga It has also
featured a sound-movement workshop.
employing diverse percussion instruments in
the dance itself. The Loft ltas also been host
It) a number of dance performances and
master classes.

Presently. the Loft is liviitg tip to its reputa~
tion of diversity by offering classes ranging
from ethnic dance to the martial arts. Two of
the classes now offered. Mid-Eastern Dance
and Mid~Eastern Aerobics. stress traditional
Arabic technique as well as muscle tone and
flexibility Two other classes deal with body
awareness arid preparation. The inner
Dance stresses the tnind»body relationship
and works to help people realize what their
bodies are capable of doing. while the stret—
ching and strengthening class works solely
on physical conditioning. Modern Dance is
also being offered oti all levels. and for those
interested in the rttartial arts. the Loft gives a
class irt t’ai chi. a tron-violent form of self-
defense. The Loft even offers something for
children ages 3 to 5; a creative movement
class designed to introduce body awareness
at an early age.

in addition to regular classes and
workshops. the Loft stresses that oite of its
goals is to use its space in as many ways as
possible to promote the growth of the perfor-
tttittg arts itt Albany. One of the means it
'topes to achieve this is by making their

 

 

 

tract in the most serious and fundamental
uroys.

lsn't technology supposed to free people
from work in order to prove their own
lifestyles”

"We're gtrtiig to have to decide who! prio-
pft’ ore for a that's the point of rill this.
anyway People need to lt‘ttlk VA tlirtt t.\ tt'lltlf
they wont to do."

fit your speech, you called Alcoholics
Anonymous the greatest product of Western
Crvrlrration Why does A A deserve this
superlative status"

"Thr- best thing about A A is tint I)L'(II)IL'
All of Science fttlS fillll’lf itttsi'riilrly tit trt'uttitg
alcoholism It tt‘O’kS u lot filu' the artificial
family I discussed tit my speech I‘i'ople strife
detrly find theinselues together. shoring cer-
tain circurtistarrces. and a very incurring/til
bond develops. The urtiftctnl ftitiitly keeps it
going."

"And so it goes. ." is that how you run
your own life?

‘ "It (Slaughterhouse Five) is only a story.
but the book itself has a pcrsortafily of its
‘own. It is a work of art. not a planned and
‘structurcd philosophical essay. It's very
.much like a poem. ‘So it goes' happened to
[it in with the work as a whole. and it must be
viewed this way. as on organic whole. Like a
poem. it cannot be defined line by line. "

is there something more personal to satire
than merely identifying it?

"A book will finally apply its own end. But
if it mocks something. then I personally
mock it. too. Funny things strike me as fun-
ny. too. I write what Isee. in the way that I
see it. "

What's the story behind the novel Venus
on a Hal/Shell. written by "Kilgore Tr'out?"

"The story behind it is simple. Through
certain intermediaries. lgaue permission for
a man to write something under the name of
‘Kilgore Trottt.’ He and the publishers ex-
ploited this by trying to make it seem as if the
book had been written by myself. I never
heard front hitrt ugoirr. rind Ifelt that. con-

  

sidering my generosity. I was treated pretty
rudely Idid. however. have a dream once.
of telling many people to write Kilgore Trout
stories. so that fifty years from now. church
bins Will be filled with Kilgore Trout stories.
fulfilling the prophesy in my novels of
Kilgore Trottt's underground popularity arid
prolific creativity. "

Do you think that there are any real
possibilities of change in the present system
of politics. or does a bad political system
necessarily imply a bad society?

"There is enormous leverage in politics to
improve the quality of life. For example. a
small town outside of Chicago outlawed
handguns. and this led to more widespread
legislation. Local politics cati be a key to
social change. "

Brit is control of technology — as in
weapon control — enough to counter the in-
herertt evils of human nature?

"0/ course. if a technology is harming
people. or harming a humane style of life. it
should be removed. Then it will stop harrri~
ing people (For exoirtple). take down the
nuclear plants if they're unsafe. until there '5 a

 

  

)bctter way of generating electricity. Tliot

 

space available to individuals who wish to
hold their own rehearsals. performances. or
Workshops.

.loltn Moran. another member of the
Loft's board of directors. wants people to feel
that the Loft is a part of the community. and
available for its use. He says that one of the
things that the Loft is dedicated to is getting
people involved in the arts. “Dance. or any
of the other things that go on here.are not
just sotnething to watclt " He feels that peo-
ple cati learn best about the arts by taking an
active part in them.

Coming up on Saturday. October 22nd.
from 2:00 to 2:30 is one of the Lolt's fre-
querttly offered workshops. This particular
one centers on African Dance and is open to
dancers on all levels of ability. The session
will consist of warm-ups. body isolation ex-
cercises. and instruction in traditional African
steps and movement. The workshop will be
led by Onoye Cooper. director of the Burun-
di Dance Troupe of Albany and teacher of
African dance at the eba chapter house. This
,session is being held as a benefit for the Loft.

 

' .rl .

en mnusstcn (UPS
Since the Loft gets no state funding and is
nonprofit. it relies solely on the funds
generated by classes. workshops. arid rettt
from outside Lise. Moratt describes the Loft
its a cooperative. with the teachers arid the
board of directors sharing the responsibilities
of administration work. publicrty. and the ex-
penses involved irr its operation He also
stresses that the Loft depends on a great deal
of volunteer help There are no paid posi-
tions at the Loft. with the exception of
teachers. who are paid in accordance with
class enrollment. who in turn put money
back iirto the organization. The Loft has a
work-study program which offers classes in
exchange for office work.publicity. aitd
maintenance work. The Loft also urges
anyone who is interested in promoting the
arts to volunteer their time.

Although the primary focus Is on dance.
the Loft has also lteld acting and massage
workshops. and presented live bands. Two
workshops with non-dance themes will be
presented at the Loft in November. The first.
on November 5 and (i. will be a two-day
massage intensive taught by Mary Jude

 

 

tEIch smell. ups
plant iii Shoreham. on Long
’sland . LILCO's gotten so rich It can afford
to forget about the people. It could treat peo-
ple better by getting rid of the plant. "

But does that really get to the root’bf the
problem?

“Why titust we get to the root? Why can't
“'0 just make life a little better? if I have a gun
pointed at you. and I lower it. I'm treating
you better. aren't I? It's perfectly all right to
hate your neighbor. although that Is the root
tifthe problem. The problem itself. however.
is hurting your neighbor. Years ago. if you
we": triad at someone. you hit him. maybe
hurt him Arid iii rnrc ocassions. he fell. hit
his head otid died. Today you take an instru-
.itietit us easy to use as a Zippo lighter. and
kill htiti. "

So you‘d take us back to stone axes?

"Yes. I want to go back to the rocks. then
lget rid of the stone axes. then piss on every
fire on the planet. and not tell the children
how to make otiy more. ”

Compiled and edited by David
LL. Laskin. with John Keen-n

 

 

and Phyllss Leﬂtowltz.

- Body Awareness At The Loft

second. to he held ttii November 20. will be
a presentation of Middle Eastern costumes
and customs

'l'ln- l’otloitiiitig Arts Loft burldtttg and its
large wooden dance floor have been
associated with dance irt Albany for nearly
half a t’t'ttiittv Within the last decade it has
been the home of EBA and the studio of
iitltnrr- fiance iii Whit, it became the Perfor-
lilting-Alla Loft. which includes the Studio of
'thhtnc fiance

l

The Loft was founded by Mary Ellen
Adams. formerly of liBA Susan Shultx. the
director of the studio of lithnic Dance. which
is now part of the |.rtft. is the tltird member ()f
the board of directors and a teacher at the
Liift. speiralizing iii MidEasterti Dance. She
is also the founder of the Yallah Dance
Erisetiible which includes two other instruc-
tors fiont the Loft

.loltii Moran assures that the Loll's mission
is not to crank out Broadway stars He says
that it is a place for beginners to learn and
progress at their own pace. lti fact.'the Loft
stresses that one of the itrost important things
it has to offer is the oppitrtunity for personal
growth and physical well-being. There is no

achievements and those of others. Moran
sutns the Loft up as a place where “you go in
arid you do what you cart the first time. Then
you go iii and do what you cart the second
time. and even if it's only a little bit more. or
not arty more at all. you know that you're
doing something that's good for yourself."
He describes the Loft as a great place to
cortte and relax after work or school. a cor»
structive alternative to going home. atitig.w
atching T.V.. and going to bed.

Physically. the Performing Arts Loft is
nothing more titan a large room in which
people dattce. But in spirit. the Left is a
place where people cart take their ideas and
make them happen.

Those interested in registering for classes
or workshops. renting rehearsal space.
volunteering. or requesting information
should call the Loft at 465-5503. ‘

 

 

Spiegel. a licensed massage therapist. The

 

iteed for comparison between one's ’

 

 

