 

TIIE NUCLEAR ARMS DILEMMA

Special Bulletin:

60

A

S

P

E
C nelof the most effective. horrify-
g ing. and ultimately meaningful
TV movies ever made was aired

A 'on NBC on March 20th. Special Bulletin

 

P took on the challenge of showing what
R would happen if a group of nuclear ter-

1 ‘rorlsts held an American city hostage. In
r the process. the show managed to say a

great deal. not only about nuclear horror.
1 but also about the media and society in

9 general.

5 Robert Schneider

__.______.___.__._-—-————-

These days. many people feel that all-
out nuclear was Is not only imminent. but
also unavoidable. Actually. Special
Bulletin portrayed a scenario that is far
more likely to occur. Consider-- a growing

politically radical. are joining the nuclear
club. Terrorist organizations are not only
sanctioned but encouraged by countries
like Libya. Cuba. and lran. On top of all
this. an atom bomb is not too difficult to
make. especially when the raw materials
are available. When all these factors are
considered. it's quite amazing that an inci-
dent hasn't yet occurred. it seems all too
likely. alas. that at some point in the not-
too-distant future. a city or even a nation
will be threatened by a nuclear device
somewhere within its border.

Written by Marshall Herskovitz and Ed-
ward Zurick. Special Bulletin utilizes not
only shock and pathos. but humor and
irony as well. An anti-nuclear group has
taken over a tugboat in the Charleston.
S.C. harbor. Steve Levitt. a reporter for
the fictional RBS Television network. is
taken hostage along with a cameraman.
Levitt broadcasts from inside the tug. and
the viewer is given a very realistic portrayal
of a group of people driven to the brink of
insanity by the situation that they're in.
They demand that the US. government
disarm its nuclear weapons in and around
Charleston. The government accedes. or

 

. ‘ . ‘ he world has witnessed the
‘ ‘ destruction power of nuclear
~ .-/ arms twice in the Second World
War and somehow i get the very sick feel-
ing in my troubled mind that the world will
again have the opportunity to experience
such death and destruction. it is a historical
pattern in mankind's behavior to kill and
plunder his fellow human. We are just like
the tides that the moon controls. we flow
. with or against the power of the moment.

Huberthenneth Dickey

_.._. ....—._.______.____._...—._._
Take heed. you children of the fire to
come. are you so afraid...you have
become aware? Our destiny is one that is in
our control. or are we the flesh and blood
clones of the establishment. it is our brain-
power and only our bralnpower that has
produced these toys of death.
l'm sure that some members of society
are not worth saving. but I also know i
i wouldn't want the job of deciding who lives
and who dies. For the entire length of
recorded history man has been willing to
make such choices. The only change is that
now the ablity to "sit the fence" has been
removed and sides have to taken. The
issues. as well as the people. get lost in
need to both fight and win the war. The
war that each generation of humans must
lace. All of us will lose in this war. what is it
that we really want from arms control?
Are we still able to see right and wrong
and maintain the vision necessary to stay
alive? Life offers us many tests. perhaps the
question of life and death can be handled .
by the mass media or the church. No. that's L
not right. we want to make a democratic
choice. Everybody that wants to die in on
nuclear war please stand up and bel
counted. America will be the first to usel
nuclear warheads in time of war. History:

 

‘

number of countries. many of which are-

....... "me

_ .._....._....._....._ “ems”

 

City On Fire

 

 

 

 

‘ news broadcast. Videotape lends an air of

three-dimensionality to a production. if it
had been shot on film. it would have been
easy to dismiss the whole thing as a figment
of a Hollywood writer's imagination. in ad-
dition to this. filming occurred under the
gray. dreary skies that people on the East
Coast see over 50 percent oi the time. Had
it been shot under perfectly clear. sunny
blue skies. it would have been much easier
to see as a pre-made movie. instead of
real-life. All in all. the production made for
a gritty. real-life feel.
While criticizing the nuclear era. the
writers manage to get in their licks at the
TV media. At one point, one oi the ter-
rorists seizes Levitt's microphone. and
launches into a hilarious but lactual tirade
against RBS. especially ridiculing the net-
work's “theme‘ song" for the whole event,
which was played behind a background oi
a tugboat superimposed over an American
flag. The network even titles the whole
thing "America Held Hostage". The pic-
ture switches to an admittedly embarrassed
anchorman. and then. to our delight. the
whole theme song animation flashes onto
the screen.

While that may be funny. what happens
to Charleston is not. The whole city is
' ‘ " rendered unlnhabltable for

 

 

so it seems; for the viewer, through RBS
cameras. sees anti-terrorist forces storm the
boat and shoot it out with the terrorists. all
oi which are caught or killed. This leaves
the government with the sticky problem oi
defusing the bomb.

Timid writers could have chickened out.
and had the team defuse the bomb suc-
cessiuily. with everyone living happily ever
alter. This is not what happened. though.
Through the RBS cameras inside the tug.
we begin to notice an air oi panic filling the
area around the bomb. as the defusers
realize that they have begun the chain reac-
tion. in one of the best examples of humor
laced with irony l've ever seen. the screen

splits. with Levitt outside the boat. laughing

and joking and offenng to buy everyone
drinks. On the other side oi the screen. the
viewer sees the team ﬂeeing the scene in
panic. Suddenly. the entire screen goes
black. and everyone realizes what's hap-
pened. The picture switches to a stunned
RBS newsroom in New York. where the
shocked anchor people try to compose
themselves. The show must go on.

If this were all that occurred. Special
Bulletin would be remembered as an ex-
citing. but nonetheless predictable show.

dozen; of years. Thousands are dead. and
thousands more overﬂow the limited burn
unit space that exists in the entire country.
All this from a plpsqueak oi a bomb. going
off in an evacuated city. it doesn't take very
much to realize what even a "limited"
nuclear war would do. if that is what Her-
skovttz and Zurick set out to do. then they
accomplished their objective.

This is one of those things that really
move me. For something like two or three
days afterwards. I still felt. despite the
disclaimers and reality. that the city oi
Charleston. SC. was ash. it if is aired

 

The writers. however. provide us with
much more than that. The show was shot
in videotape. giving it the feel oi a real

 

alliance. if you don't believe this Just ask the
man in the White House. The joke is going
to be on the commtes, if they think that
they are going to catch us off guard. We're
not supposed to know that the end is at
hand. Storefronts are opening up to pro-
test and people are once again making
their voices heard. Somebody has awaken-
ed a sleeping giant and blind rage will move
us along until we can see a way clear to
touch the souls of the Russian people
before our warheads do.

When and if the bomb is dropped, it will be
almost anti-climatic. we have lived with this
fact for years. It's the sort oi thing one
hopes and prays for. privately of course.
inside the fear and horror that i feel about
nuclear arms and their deployment is the
stuff oi great social debate. We seldom talk
about things that can kill us until little or no

has already revealed the truth value of this. . available opportunity to protect ourselves
The Soviets say that they pledge never to, remain. i only have one life to lose. so let

 

 

 

 

use their warheads first. This is a commiel| me lose it because oi the bomb? Think in
. plot to undermtnd the support of Western" order to get ahead of the game. ahead of

Arms And The Man

    

The Enofa Gay touches down after dropping the world's first atomic bomb

the game? A sick game. where there are
people to kill. deadlines to meet. quarterly
profit reports due. We don't like big
ausiness until about our junior year.
Somebody's got to pay the bills and the
boys at lBM pay real good money to
develop the “talents oi its resources,
human and otherwise." Too bad that they
are also be in the vanguard oi the develop
ment and the deployment oi these space
age toys.

The search for peace is not outside of
our everyday concerns. rather our pro-
blems revolve around a lack oi “public
will". We dispose oi human waste. so
should we dispose of nuclear warheads?
Without a rather large sense oi humor this
maddening aspect oi daily life might very
well tend to overpower us and become our
new religion (just like the movies?). Men
and women are bound by their need to feel
dependent upon strengi' 'Vould we.then
begin to try to effect tin .tity oi govern-
ment to pursucit_s_present policy or will na-

agatn, cancel any plans you may have. and
'watch ltl Special Bulletin is Emmy material.
if anything is. El

tionalism win out in the long run? What
separates the air that we breath and the
seemingly constant danger oi nuclear
Ivar—the next moment? Do we still cling to
ideas that we know to be false beabse they
provide the illusion oi comfort in very
troubled and confused times?

Peace is something that comes not so
much by the efforts of man. as by the will of
God. As much as i might want peace to
‘come'. is the price of peace death and
sacrifice? Well. that's if you listen to the
policies of the two superpowers. The limits
of the game have been drawn within a
restricted set of perimeters. It's the ultimate
zero-sum game. life loses to death. more at
six.'l‘he spotlight is upon center stage and
the main actors have learned their lines un-
til it's time for the war. Will everyone please
report to the their stations. this is not a drill
the enemy has been sighted and is under

 

      
  
  
     
 
  

   

 

  

 . . -..._... -.......-c.w—m. "-h

 

l
000 Mr

a

‘ i

I..\ .
-

 
  
 

\Q\\

 

I500 m: horn target, roi’let
:engrno is fired Io fair
'munfn Out of orbri

"toes" ' -- I

Q Fractional Orbital bombardment System I /

am in}: 

  

'~._ l’arr/it Uri-an /
AUSVRALtA /
x , 1’
-___ /

 

 

 

'I‘llli NUCLEAR ARMS DILEMMA

Working For The Clampdown

{f6 'xefore i begin. allow me to in-
. "_troduce myself. i am a physics
major here at SUNY at Albany.
Why am i telling you this? it is so that you
will know that i am fully qualified and
understand entirely what I am about to
describe to you. If grades mean anything to
you i have a very good grade point
average. Now that i have my credentials
established let me begin.

Nick Sauers

 

it Is my full understanding that what Is to
be presented has undoubtedly been
. described to you before. However. when it
was described i fear that there may have
been some terminology used which you
maynot have understood. Therefore the
total gravity of the topic may not have been
appreciated. I also wish to present the
argument in a manner you will not have
seen before with no further delay the
discussion will now begin.

Let's play a little game. You get to play
yourself. Place yourself in any city you like.
Now I am going to describe what happens
to you. while you're in this city. as a
nuclear warhead is detonated. Don't
worry. it will only be a small one. like the
very botrib dropped upon Hiroshima. Best
of all. since this is a mind game. it won't
mm a bit.

won't hurt a bit.

 

 

The very first thing you experience
before all else is the roar of the blast. This
roar is created by an explosive force.
described in military terms. as 140 ktlotons.
What is a kiloton? A kiloton is by definition

the explosive force of one thousand tons of
dynamite. Therefore. the initial blast is
equivalent to 140,000 tons of dynamite
being stacked in the city of your choice
and. being exploded simultaneously. You
is well as myself probably have trouble
conceptualizing this. So. allow me to use a
more artistic description.

When that bomb went off the reaction in-
itiated a fireball. as it is called by the scien<
tlfic community. What is a fireball? A
fireball is. without exaggeration. a star. Just
like the one that the Earth is circling. It has
a lifespan less than the time it takes the
flash to reach your eyes and. for that brief
time is about the size of a baseball.

As an immediate reflex you will probably
look to see what the source of the noise is.
Have you ever looked at the sun? if you
have you probably noticed that it is a bit
harsh on your eyes. Looking at the Initial
blast would be like looking at the sun from
about a mile or two away. The result being
that you are permanently blinded if you
look at the fireball within the first 30
seconds after the blast. Don't worry about
being blind. you probably won’t live much
longer anyway.

Now i want you to choose how far you
are from where the bomb went off. Any
distance between 0 and 2V2 miles away is
fine. Immediately following the creation of
the star it creates a very hot concussion
wave of air. Did you choose to be 1/2 mile
away? if you did you were in the vaporiza-
tion radius. What is vaporization? Take an
ice cube. put it in a dry kettle and set the
kettle on a burner on your stove. You will
see the ice cube melt into water and then
the water will boil away. That. simply
enough, is vaporization. At the distance
mentioned the some process occurs. in-
stead of occuring with water slowly it oc-
curs with stcel. concrete. and people in the
blink of an eye.

Or did you choose anywhere from V2 to
1V: miles out? if you did you would
observe the following. The wind blast is still
as powerful but far less hot. This wind gust

rtcane. it can take a splinter oi wood an
drive it through an iron gurder or smash
straw through a brick. This tends to leve
virtually all buildings instantly. Probably in-
cluding the one you're in.

Also. If you choose this radius or any out
to the edge of 2V1 miles you suffer the
following additional effects. The heat is still
strong enough to burn! Everything flam-
mable will be ignited. This includes such
things as carpets. draperies. anything
plastic. and again, people.
’ At this point there are two after-effects

which I wish to describe.

The first ls called a fire storm. This is
another fancy term for something relatively
simple. At areas about one mile away from
the blast. while the mushroom cloud Is for-
ming from the collapsing star. a ring of fire
is created. This fire is just like the type you
would find burning logs in a fireplace. A big
difference is that this fire is so hot that it Is
burning steel. brick and concrete just like
wood. Being this hot the fire needs alot of
air to burn. As a result air is quickly sucked
up by the fire. If you were clever enough to
hide underground at the time of detenation
you would be suffocated as the firestorm
consumes your air Of course. you would
be already dead anyway as the heat from
the firestorm would kill you In the first

 

Let's play a little game. You get to play yourself. Place
yourself in any city you like. Now i am going to
describe what happens to you, while you're in this city,

[as a nuclear warhead is detonated. Don’t worry, it will
only be a small one. like the very bomb dropped upon
Hiroshima. Best of all, since this is a mind game. it

 

 

place. Ftrcstorlns can last about 12 hours

 

to one week. in some isolated areas.

The second effect of such a blast is radia-
tion. What is radiation? Well. light. like
sunlight or from a lightbulb. is radiation.

Before you throw away all of our lamps let

me explain. Light is a very mild form of

radiation. ft is not harmful to people and.
in fact. your body needs it to live. The
radiation from a bomb has a lot more
energy and this tends to be harmful and
has some rather subtle effects on your
body.
You and l are made up of tiny units call—
ed cells. These as you could guess are very
efficient little units which work together as a
very controlled machine. your body. You
can picture a cell as a block of Jello. What
the radiation from a bomb does is like
shooting a .22 calibre bullet into the block
of Jello. This does not happen to all of the
cells in your body. On the contrarth only
happens to a small number. However. this
creates rm imbalance of crippled cells
which is enough to mess up the complex
machine of your body. The most profound
effect being that your digestive system will
be useless for eating for about a week or
two. Apart from what you think. you can‘t
live that long without food. Your immune
system. the system that keeps you from
getting colds and the like. will also be in
poor shape. leaving you suseptable to any
diseases drifting around. With all of the
bodies there will be plenty of diseases. in
my case. you will be in no shape to survive
in the hostile environment left by the blast.
Remember. there are no hospitals left and
any doctors are in the same shape you are.
Dne final note on radiation; with today‘s
modern warheads the radiation will be
around for a few hundred years.

The effects described killed 66.000 peo-
ple and wounded 69.000. How many peo-
ple is that? Altogether more than the
population of the city of Albany. All that
caused by an explosion which lasted less
than a minute. This bomb l described was
only 140 ktlotons. The bombs used today
by the US. and U.S.S.R. are about 1.000

 

on: areas outrun-om)

1.1th

that have a particularly profound effect‘

 

kilotons strong. How do you compair this
with what i described? Multiply all of the
numbers i gave times ten. that's simple
enough.

 

 

 

close observation. The next voice you hear
will be the voice of death. [J

is more powerful than any tornado or hur-

 

The game is over now. C]

2.4

 

 

 

 

