 

 
 

'EDITORI‘AL

long hard hours to produce the newspaper you

now hold in your hands. The ASP has no faculty
or administrative advisors. We receive no funds from the
university or Student Association. No academic credits
are given to those who work here. This is a completely in-
dependent newspaper and we're proud of it.

Although l0.000 issues of the ASP are distribttted two
times a week. it's apparent that few readers realize the
way itt whiclt this newspaper is prodttced. as well as the
manner in which editorial decisions are made. Those in-
dividuals who actually ntakc it past the classified section
might fittd the followittg information worthwltile.

C lose to iOO full time students have worked many

First and foremost is the task of destroying the widely
held misconception that the ASP is funded by Stttdent

t Association. Let it be known that the Student Association
'3 has no control whatsoever over this newspaper.
t Over seven years ago the ASP did indeed function as

the result oftlte student tax dollar. The fact now is that we
 are totally supported by our own advertising. This means
. nobody can infringe on our ﬁrst admendment rlgltts. The
_i editorials and policies set in this newspaper are strictly the
' opinion of this editorial board.

Our policy of not excepting military advertising is
perltaps the most well known and most controversial
policy which we now foster. We believe that the military
and intelligence agency ads lie by not stating that they

 

 

 

   

Everything you ever wanted to know

discriminate against homosexuals. We are willing to
sacriﬁce 57.000 to $8.000 a year in advertising in order to
back our beliefs. ASP policy also states that we will not
run ads that lie. are obscene or sell illegal products or ser-
vices.

All editorials are written by the Editor in Chief with
tnembcrs of the editorial board. The nine editors and
managers each have a vote itt makittg policy and editorial
decisiotts. ltt Editor in Chief elections, which are tradi-
tionaily held each Decctnber arid allow any full time
Albatty State student to run. the i6 editors. associate
editors. managers. attd associate managers eaelt ltave a
vote.

if a reader disagrees with an editorial viewpoint. or
feels there was an error or injustice committed in this
ttewspapcr. the concern can be addressed by either writing
or talking to the editor. Letters to the editor are printed
whether or not they agree with our editorial standpoint.
Letters to tltc editor will not be printed if they contain
personal attacks. The authors of all letters are veriﬁed by
our editorial pages editor.

The columns which appear underneath our editorials
are written by members of the university community attd
do not necessarily represent editorial policy. Advertising
policy also does not necessarily reﬂect editorial policy.
The political cartoon which appears on the editorial pages
does reﬂect editorial policy.

News. sports. aspects. husittess. and production are the
ﬁve major departments that comprise this paper.

News coverage includes primarily campus and cont-
munity news which pertains to tltc SUNYA strident. The
section also includes one page of state. national. atut
worldwide news briefs.

The sports section's responsibility consists tnainly of
reporting on Great Datte varsity learns. The section does
features on various other teams. clubs attd players. In ad»
ditiott the department now boasts a tttottthly ntaga/inc
which includes interviews. columns, intramural Coverage.
local pro coverage. etc.

Aspects in the paper's feature section which produces
an eight to l2 page weekly pull-out section. ‘Spects‘ inv
eludes previews. reviews, perspectives. local cntctluin-
tnent listings. interviews. etc.

The business department keeps this paper aﬂoat.
Salespeople are actively ottt soliciting ads frotn the com-
mttnity. The business production staff designs attd lays
Olll all the advertisements. Everything to do with ﬁnances
is ltandlcd by the business persortcl.

The production crew is responsible for the actual pluc-
ing down of the articles and pictures. They do tnost of
their work Monday and Thursday nights front ttinc in the
evening to eight the next morning.

Togetltcr. we produce the product that you have in
front of you. So now that you know what went into this
newspaper. go ahead and read the rest of it. I l

 

 

 

i COLUMN

The recent filibttstcr in the US. Scrtate. led by Senator
Jesse Helms of North Carolina. conccrrtittg legislation sup-
porting a national holiday for the slaitt civil rights leader
Dr. Martin Lutltcr King. Jr. has frightened ttttd angered
many people, especially tttc. On August 2,l‘)83 the House
passed a bill making the January is anniversary of the birth
of the Reverend Dr. Martitt Lutlter King. Jr. a national
holiday to honor "a person who shook the moral eon
cicnee of this nation."

Gerry Rolley

Born January is. 1929, Dr. King symbolized what mo,
people strive to symbolize. He represented ntcckncss. lovr
generosity. and genuine concern for others. A ttatioual
holiday honoring Dr. King will not only protnotc justice
. and world peace. but instill virtuous values itt children
. whom can follow in the footsteps of sttch a gentleman.
l Honoring Dr. King will enhance deteriorating racial rela-
tions in America. Moreover. never in the history of
mankind has anyone touched so many hearts and souls as
this scholar. America cannot afford to forget Dr. King. His
philosophy tnttst not he left by the wayside. In the nuclear
era in which we now live. justice. peace. attd nonviolcnee is
the only route to world salvation.

The most important things in his life. he said. were his
constant efforts to serve humanity— to provide the proper
advice to the nation about the war in Vietnam. to feed the
hungry. to clothe the naked. and to visit those in prison. He
felt that his stands on justice and peace were extremely im-
portant and they formed the foundation of his philosophy.

 

 

 

it is imperative to point out that the prerequisite for
peace is justice. it is illogical. irrational. irresponsible. and
absurd to believe that there Can be peace without justice. l

 

‘. D's who claim that peace can be acltievcd througlt MX
I. missiles, Bi bombers. Fl6 lighters or amphibious tanks. As
‘7: Dr. King stated many times. peace cannot be achieved
9 through force.

_ in a hostile world in which we live. peace cannot exist
 where grave injustices prevail. it is evident that no one is
-’ safe and secure unless everyone is healthy and "t. You can
'1‘" never be full as long as someone else is hungry. The sooner
 the world citizenry realizes these crucial facts the sooner an
‘ atmosphere of tranquility will evolve. Former Secretary-
General of the United Nations. U Thant, said. “it is not by
the force of Nature, but by his own will that man finds
himself engaged in a race between building a better world
and destroying an imperfect one. And it is in the power of
man alone to determine how that race will end." So you
see. we are not only at the mercy of God for our existence,
but at the mercy of each other too. Dr. Martin Luthching.
Jr. strongly advocated this sentiment and should be
honored for his courageous contribution to humanity. Dr.
King believed that since God was the architect of the
universe, the world bends ultimately toward justice.
righteousness, and mercy. he thought of evil and injustice
not as ultimate. but asvmcrcly episodic.

onoring D

totally disagree with those Ph.D's. Ed.D’s, J.D’s and otlter'

r. King

Matty scholars. politicians. educators and laymen alike
contend that peace is rigltt around the corner and justice is
highly revered around the world. But how can there be
peace when three fourths of the human population is poor
arid one fourth of the human population is rich? How can
there be peace when the worlds‘ natural rcsottrees are
allocated shamefully cqnally’l Can peace realyy be achieved
wlten countries are invaded. terrorized and occupied by ex—
ternal forces. such as Afghanistan and Lebanon? Do you
think peace will come arty day soon when human rights
violations are overlooked and often ignored itt places like
South Africa and the Philippines? 0f cottrse not. These in-
justices and inequalities must be settled amicably or the
word “peace” will only be a catch phrase to be ttscd by
presidential candidates and bored housewives.

It is no secret that tnjttsttec'prcvails in Atnerica. just like
anywhere else. Dr. King cltailcnged America to reexamine
her most cherished beliefs and cotne to grips with tile fact
that all men are created equal. He challenged America to
make freedom. justice. goodness. tncrcy. and love a reality
for all the people. Although sortie progrces has been tttade
toward a more just society. too many Americutts still suffer

from malnutrition. insufficient h -at, inadequate h -alth
care. inferior education. deplorable living conditions. and
massive unemployment.

As a strong democracy and leader of the free world. it is
not too late for the Uttited States to play a vital role in
assuring justice. and world peace. Today. America is lit a
unique position to be a model detttoeraey for our neighbors
to irttitatc. Unless the image of God be obliterated front the
soul. ttll men clterislt the virtttes of liberty, peace and
justice. if we Stray away from the path otttlincd by Dr.
Martin Ltttltcr King. Jr.. it is only a tnattcr of tittte before
the streets of New York City. Philadelphia, liostott.
Chicago. Los Angelcs attd else wltere will ﬂow with blood
like the hills of Arizona and Texas are now llooded uitlt
water.

i submit tltcn. that we honor Dr. Marlitt Luther King.
Jr.. with a national holiday. and work toward fttl'illing his
dream. Then. as Dr. King said. we will be able to sing with
true tneaning. .”My country. ’tis of thee. swch land of
liberty. of tltce i sing. Land where my l" s died. land ol
the l’ilgram‘s pride. from every mountainside. lct freedom
ring."

 

 

wwtwoam

Callous Prone Service

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

. _ . . ~.vvﬁl£’~.aw4v-uu<t'utnvd)4ao .. ,........t..........~c.. ......-..._...Mu......_.......a“...m“......,,

  
    

 

  
   
 
   
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
   
    
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
  
   
   
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
   
   
 
  
 
  
  
   
  
   
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
     
 
   
    
 
   
   
   
   
 

  
   
  

