  

WORLDWIDE

Soviets refine stance

Moscow
(AP) President Yuri V. Andropov has
modiﬁed the Soviet stance in arms control
negotiations but says continuation of the
talks will be “impossible” if NATO starts
deploying nuclear missiles this year in
Western Europe. ,

He expressed new ﬂexibility Wednesday on
the number of Soviet missiles in Europe and
Asia. on the ceiling for nuclear-capable air-
craft and on destruction of missiles that
would be eliminated under terms of an agree-
ment.

But Andropov did not back down from
two major Soviet demands that the Western
allies have rejected: that no U.S. missiles be
deployed in Europe and that British and
French nuclear rockets be counted as NATO
Weapons.

Soviet ofﬁcials have been saying the talks
should continue beyond December if no
agreement is reached. as long as deployment.
of 572 cruise and Pershing 2 missiles has not
started. Andropov took that stand a step fur-
ther by saying the Soviets would ﬁnd it im-
possible to continue negotiating, although he
did not repeat threats to retaliate against
U.S. deployment.

U.S. ship missing

l’clr'i/rg
(AP) The Glomar Java Sea, a U.S. oil drilling
ship with 79 people aboard. was reported
missing in a typhoon in the South China Sea.
and a Search for it was mounted Thursday by
ships in the area.

U.S. ofﬁcials in Peking and Canton said
about half the crew was American and about
half Chinese. and that the U.S. Navy was
notified. Chinese airplanes and ii Chinese
naval and commercial ships were searching
for the vessel. China’s official Xinhua news
agency said.

The Giomar Java Sea was leased by Atlan-
tic Richﬁeld Co. of the United States from
Global Marine Drilling C0,. another U.S.
company, to explore for oil in China’s
Yingge Sea basin. just south of Hainan
island. _

Area and Sante Fe Minerals Asia lnc. sign-
ed a contract with China in September i982
for the exploration. and the Glomar Java Sea
began drilling in January. Arco was the ﬁrst
U.S. company to sign a contract with China
for offshore oil exploration.

NIOWID

Marines dial tree

Pittsburgh
(AP) Marines in Lebanon will be permitted
to phone the United States and talk for two
minutes at no cost, American Telephone &
Telegraph Co. says.

AT&T established two special interna-
tional circuits Wednesday from the Marines'
headquarters at the Beirut airport to the ln-
ternational Operating Center in Pittsburgh.
said AT&T spokeswoman Patty Wuinrlgilt in
Bedminster, N.J.

"This service is available to Marines 24
hours a day and it will be in operation tmtil
the need for it subsides." Ms. Wainright
said. “The free calls can only originate in

4 Lebanon."

Ms. Walnright said AT&T and the Navy

set up the free circuits because officials “are

IREVIEW OF

   

    
 

 

seniors are urged to attend.

Interested picture people to its bi-

 

2 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS v Cl OCTOBER 28, 1983

aware of the difﬁculties encountered in call-
ing Beirut on a normal basis and these special
circumstances."

Suicide suit dropped

Hanover
(AP) A high school principal who let students
play "Dungeons and Dragons" at. school is
not liable for a teen-age player’s suicide, a
Judge ruled in dismISsing a $1 million suit by
the youth's family.
lrving Lee Pulling ll, l6. shot himself in
June 1982 after having a “curse” placed on
him while playing the fantasy game. accor-
ding to the suit. The suit charged that prin-
cipal Robert A. Bracey "I was negligent in
letting the game be played at Patrick Henry
High School.
Hanover County Circuit Judge Richard
H.C. Taylor dismissed the suit Wednesday.
ruling that Bracey was immune from

the principal.

Tylenol extorter guilty

Chicago
(AP) James W. Lewis was convicted Thurs-
day night of trying to extort Si mllliorr from
Johnson & Johnson last year during a nation-
wide panic sparked by seven deaths from
cyanide-laced Tylenol.

 

 

 

 

   
 
 

.The Class at out will hold a moatan .lsc Hillel and Ometx. the Center tor
on Sunday, Oct. so at a pm. In the Conservative Judium present J.B.
Physics Lounge. All interested Sacha. a rabbinic intern on Friday,

SUNYA Camera Club welcomes all Quad Kosher Kitchen and on Satur-
day, Oct. 29 at 9:30 am. at Chapel
Weekly meeting on Monday, car, 31 House. Sachs will be discussing tlai election.
at 7:30 pm. in Campus Center 373, Women's Ordination.

EVENT

19. For more
467-8331.

damages because of his “official capacity" as _

 

 

Center for Undergraduate Educa-
tion will sponsor a meeting lor cur-
rent applicants to medical. dental
and other health professions on
Monday, Oct. 31 at 4:30 pm. in LG tion call 467-8520.
information call

Speakers Forum Is proud to present
Oct. 28 at 8:30 pm. in the Dutch John B.
Presidential Candidate and posaiv
bla candidate for the 1084 Presiden-

apeardng oi critical issues on Tues-

 

 

 

 
 

A federal grand jury deliberated less than
three hours before returning the verdict.
Lewis. 37, grimaced when the verdict was
read. His wife. LeAnn. sat quietly. The con-
viction followed ﬁve days of testimony in the
trial before US. District Judge Frank
McGarr.

Johnson Jr Johnson, the parent company
of the firm that manufactures Tylenol.
received the letter after seven Chicago area
residents died in i982 from taking cyanide-
laced Tylenol capsules. No charges have been
ﬁled in the murders. .

The defense admitted that Lewis wrote the
letter but said he did not intend to collect the
Si million. Lewis' attorney. Michael Monico.
argued that Lewis was seeking revenge
against his wife's former employer.

Women tight Reagan

Washington, D. C.
(AP) Two women fired by President Reagar.
from the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights
are challenging their dismissals in court.

Mary Frances Berry and Blandinr
Cardenas Ramirez filed suit in U.S. District
Court Wednesday to invalidate Reagan's at-
tempt to fire them.

Ms. Berry. Ms. Ramirez. and Rabbi Mur-
ray Saltrman were dismissed Tuesday in an
effort by the president to force Congress to
reauthorize the commission as a body

dominated by his own appointees.

U.S. District Judge Norma Johnson
declined to rule immediately on their request
for a temporary restraining order which
would permit them to continue to work at the
commission. The panel theoretically expired
Sept. 30 but has a 60-day winddown period
after which it will cease to exist unless
reauthorlzed by Congress and approved by
the president.

SEWIDE

iBM worker awarded

Hopewell Junction
(AP) An employee at an International
Business Machines Corp. plant in lam
Flshkill is $100,000 richer after receiving one
of the largest individual cmployee suggextion
awards in the history of the company.

The award was given to Maria l)cl~‘;r/io ol
Beacon, whose suggestion is saving the com-
puny at least $400,000 a year. a colltpittty
spokesman said.

lliM's suggestion platt was initiated in
I923. Last year. ideas submitted It)
employees helped the company save morr
than $60 million. and for their stlggcsiioits,
employees earned more titan SIZ million in
award money.

The company said Delia/lo". award \\;|\
the largest ever presented in iiiM's (icttr'tdl
'l‘cchnology Division, which includes rumor
plants at [East i’ishkiil, liurlington and In
dicott.

Lincoln letter sold

Ni'tl‘ )‘rr/i
(AP) Miliioltuirc publisher Malcolm l'ttliit's
iuts paid $48,400 for what is believed to In-
the last letter that President Abraham line
coin wrote to his wife. a record price for u
Lincoln letter. the auctioneer says.

The handwritten letter. auctioned \Vctittcx
day. was sent from Gen. Ulysses S. (irrrnl‘t
headquarters at City Point. Va., on April 1,
l865. a week before (ten. Robert l-. lcc's
surrender at Appomatox Courthouse.

in the letter, Lincoln tells his wife. Mary
Todd Lincoln: “Last night, Lien. (itnttl
telegraphed that Sheridan with his (‘avalry
and the 5th Corps had captured llllCc
brigades of infantry. a train of wagons, and
several batteries, prisoners amounting to
several thousand."

The letter is believed to be the ittst Lincoln
wrote to iris wife. who rejoined her husband
at City Point on April 6. They \chc not
separated again before his assassination April
14.

Capote sentenced

SurlI/tmrl/ulnr
(AP) Autitor Truman Capote was sentenced
Thursday to three years probation and a $500
filtc for drurlk driving.

“l ttndcrstnnd you are a talented writcl.
but you must recognize ya have a problem."
said Soutltampton Town .lndge Paul Smith.

He told Capote that besides the probtrlion
and fine. he would not be eligible to apply for
a New York driver's license for six moutio.
And he ordered Capote to continue alcoholic
counseling.

Capote, author of "Breakfast at
Tiffany's" and “In Cold Iilood." could have
been sentenced to a year ill jail.

Cupotc pleaded guilty Aug. 26 to driving
while intoxicated. He had been sioppcd July
1. l983. by a Southampton policeman who
said ire saw Capote weaving down Daniels
Lane in iiridgehampton. about half a mile
from his home.

 

daily NOV. 1 at 8 pm. in the Campus aoocer iiolds next to the gym. All
Center Ballroom. Admission will be are welcome and admission to iron.
$4 tor the ganelai public and $2 for Community Service Registration
SUNYA students. For more Informa- will be held Monday. Oct. 31 it)

Thursday. Nov. 3 from 10 am. to 4
pm. between LC 8 and 4.
The Hottest Weight Food Co~0p'a

Egg‘Aézgng'S'thatetFrisﬁae 'cart: will Bth Annual Halloween party will be
a we an aaat . had 0 October 29 at H
Andefﬂon. the 1980 tarseotlonai Ultimate Frisbee Toirri- pair. ai‘tﬁz‘ggfghaptar Houso on
“man” aliontaot'ed by Royal Hudson Ave. and Lark Street In
Andaman Wm b Crown. The tournament will be held Albany. Tickets are available al the
° 0" SMW’GY. Oct. 29 and Sunday, door for $2. For more Inform!lilun

Oct. 30 from it am. to 4 pm. on the call 486-0388.

   

 

 

 

iii\,‘.'.. hiltii

‘)  “‘..‘t{".‘/i‘_il\.: t;

OCTOBER 28,1983 :1 ALBANY sruoisrvr’rialsss 3

 

New NAACP chapter is established on campus

 

By Eric Hindln

STAFF WRITER

 

Recently. the National Association for the
Advancement of Colored People (NAACP)
established a branch on the SUNYA campus.
According to Duncan E. Bailey, president of

'the new branch, the NAACP was formed in

1909, and has maintained a branch in
downtown Albany for the past ﬁfty years.
However. it was not until last semester that
the SUNYA ofﬁce opened.

Ann Pope. second vice-president of
Albany's NAACP. explained “NAACP at
SUNYA was Bailey's brainchild, it functions
as a separate entity frotn the A‘lbnny branch.
By being on campus, it is in touch with
students. and can serve their needs quite ef-
fectively.” -

According to Bailey. the goals of NAACP
at SUNYA include serving community needs
as well as those of the students both our
campus and off. One of the primary goals of
the NAACP, is to fight discrimination.
wirercvcr it may arise. liailey called the ques-
tion “Does discrimination exist on the
SUNYA campus?" ltard to answer. “You
know it's there." says liuiley, “but we curl-
rrot touch it." Bailey calls it passive
discrimination. which he says may take tilt:
form of jokes, sarcastic comments. and at:
titudcs expressed only itt tltc presence of
select friends. Bailey feels he speaks for
others. as well as himself in saying that at
times ire can “feel” discrimination, btrt rare-
ly is something concrete errougiu to directly
address.

According to Pope, llrc downtown branch
will lrtarty times confront discrimination, as it
exists in its tnore obvious forms. At times.
says Pope, we will sit down and talk with the
guilty party. The siturrtion, adds Pope. more
often tlrrrn not will concern ernpioyrncrrt.
irousing, or education.

Other goals of the NAACP at SUNYA
says Bailey, include voter registration and iii-
crcascs in financial assistance for black
students.

According to Duane Sampson. vice-
president of NAACP at SUNYA, the percen-
tage of ruinority students at SUNYA now
stands at 7.2 percent. Our goal, says Samp-
son, is to pcrccrtt.

At a recent tneeting of NAACP at
SUNYA. Bailey urged both fellow and

 

P ” ‘ oi the SUNYA branch of the NAACP, Duncan E. Bailey
Hopes In arm/l/is'h branches all campuses throughout IIIt' area

potential new members to altcrrd Minority
Recruitment Day on Nov. 19 in the Campus
Center Ballroom. According to Bailey. up-
proximutely 2(X) prospective students will be
bussed in frotn around the state, and it is
“our duty to tell them of the beneﬁts of a
college education."

liailcy hopes one day to establish a net-
work of NAACP branches on college carn-
pnses throughout the Capital District. His cf-
forts. says Pope would most probably be
supported by the downtown branch of
NAACP. iiaih y also hopes to serve the needs
of black youth in the city of Albany. "Youth
needs role models." says Bailey. “and
university students can provide this
capacity."

iiniicy hopes to recruit future SUNYA
students by working with the Albany Boys
Club. and tile ptrbllc school system. Current-
ly. says Bailey. plans are under way to visit

the Albany Street Acaderrry. a school for
boys considered dclinqtlcttt. liniley feels that
there is “nurch taictrt at this school. and it is
our duty to bring out their potential."
Through "rap" sessions, says Bailey. the
rttetnbers of the NAACP call hopefully pro-
vide a model for these boys to pattern their
behavior after. Members of the NAACP.
said littilcy. will also work through the Big
Brother/Big Sister program of Albany.
Community-university relations. are alsoI
according to Bailey. high on the list of
priorities of the campus chapter. As cont-
pared with the relationship of a school such
as RPl shares with its community (Troy),
"things are not What they should be."
Alvin Mundcll. president of the Black Stu-
dent Association at RPI explains some of the
activities that are shared with, or ainred at.
the city of Troy. Members of the community,
says Mundcll. are many times invited tip to

campus parties. Many students. he added. at~
tend church in the community. According to
Mundeil. a highlight of relations between
RH and the Troy community concerns
Thanksgiving. Funds are raised by the
students of RPI to help the needy; turkeys
are donated. and community members, along
with RPl students sometimes share the same
Thanksgiving Dinner stable. According to
Mundcll. WRPl, the school radio station
also runs a program every Saturday, called
Perspectives, whose purpose, says Mundell.
is to combat racism in America. .
Pope. while pointing out that the com-
munity does share many activities with the
university, agrees that community-college
relations are deﬁnitely lacking in Albany. On
the positive side Pope sees people from the
community working in various departments
at SUNYA and professors from SUNYA ser-
ving as speakers in community events helping
to keep the community and college in touch
with caclt other. She supports Bailey in his ef-
forts to enroll black students from the city of
Albany into SUNYA. if students. says Pope.

would make rrtore use of community.

facilities. and if members of the cornmttnity
were more aware of the various services the
college Itas to offer, then relations between
university arid community would probably
benefit.

'I‘hrough Albany. called the political heart-
beat ol' the state by liniiey. the
NAACP hopes to talk effectively with the
state legislature. NAACP at SUNYA. says
liniley. tropes to push for stronger luws regar-
ding dlscriminatiou. financial aid, and
academic accesibility for minorities at college
campuses across New York State.

()n campus the NAACP. according to
iiailey has worked most closely with several
other minority student organizations. in-
cluding the Albany State University Black
Alliance (ASUBA). the Pan-Carribcan
()rganirution. and Fucrza Latina. ASUBA,
says liailcy. “has opened doors, and been
very helpful in getting us started on
campus." ASUBA Chariman Eddie Ed-
wards. is equally enthusiastic about working
with NAACP at SUNYA. “They are a civil
rights organization. and through their na-
tional network they cart give, to anyone desir-
ing it, access to black students on campuses
across the country."

GOP challengers dominate SA election forum

 

By Sheila Sable
and Jerry Campione

 _____._.______._._~

Political candidates from Albany County,
the City of Albany, and the Town of
(.iuildcrland participated Tuesday night in all
SA sponsored “Meet the Candidates"
forum. ’

Tire event. ileid in the Campus Center
liullrooni. was notable for its lack of ntany
Democrat officeholders. and a small turnout
of students in the audience.

Each candidate was given five minutes to
itttrodltcc themselves and their proposals,
and a three minute summary at the end. in
bctwcert. a question arid answer session was
conducted by SA President Rich Schat'fcr.
Off-Campus Co-ordinator Suzy Atllctta. and
Arrry Koreen. a member of Central Council.

The first candidates asked to speak were
those rtlnning for Albany County Executive.
Patti liurgdorf, the Republican candidate,
was present. Democratic incumbent .iamcs
Coyne could not attend due to a previous
engagement.

liurgdorl'. a 1978 SUNYA graduate and
presently Chief ol'Stul'i' for Sen. John Dunnc
(R-(iarden City) stated the three major pro-
posals tlrnt he would try to carry out if
elected: open government, strong fiscal
management, and lower taxes. Burgdorf has
publicly spoken out against "democratic
machine politics" that he says have plagued
Albany. He said tllnt he believes that an open
govcrrunent is the key to a good government.

Citing a recent incident in which illi un-
named member of the county government
tried to guilt access toptrlrlic records attd was
lcnied. iiurgdorf called the present
Democratic government a secretive govern-
tncnt.

Burgdori‘ also said that he would bring in

strong fiscal management and would ptlt alt
end to tltc abuses of ptrrcltasing power that
irave occured in the county now and in the
past. “i would institute a committee to ex-
amine purchasing practices." said Burgdorf.
in response to a question on lrow to crrt down
on purchasing abuses. Finally, he proposed
to try to loWer taxes in Albany County.

In the race for City Comptroller.
Republican challenger Hilary Ring was pre-
sent while Democratic incumbent Charles
Hemingway could not attend. Ring. in his
opening statement. introduced himself as a
i976 SUNYA graduate. then went on to ver-
bally assault his absent opponent.

 

Challengers Hilary Ring. Sharon "

"My opponent seems to be allergic to tile
outdoors." he stated. adding that ltc is never
present when the two are asked to appear. He
also cited Hemingway's reluctance to debate
wllile he has been more than willing. "l itavc
campaigned and been everywhere," he said.
“My opponent seems to be relying on his ties
to the democratic machine."

Ring, itt comparing himself with his oppo-
nent, declared that the race is between "the
competent and the incompetent." Ring said
that lie holds a rnrrstcrs in public administra-
tion. but his opponent doesn't lroid a college
degree. He also cliumed to be more ex-
perienced due to his background in ﬁnance

 

and Paul Dorm"; all SUNY

SA Pres/den! Schq/fer said students" may no! ﬂml the elections all Illa! exciting.

and rnodcru management techniques. Hem-
ingwayI who took over as comptroller in
January, following James Brunet's retire-
ment, has worked in the comptrollcr's ofﬁce
for l7 years.

Ring. who has said that he “would be a
"progressive voice in the city administration"
'believes ire is the best candidate because lie
"is not tied to the past and doesn't play
follow the leader." He. like Burgdorf. said
he is an advocate of open government, and
clrrirned he would be "accessible and interact
with the public."

The Republican candidate for Controller

13>

 

HOB LUCKEV UPS

graduates.

 

 

 

 

 

