 

f.
i

 

 

 

 

Tennis team bounces back with two shutouts

 

 

“no Unhinimid.

 

 

Dave Lerner and the Albany men's tennis team posted two straight

DAVE RIVERA UPS

shutouts this week following a tough loss to Amherst.

Softball team sweeps Sage for ninth straight

 

By Mark Levine
,rssorm rs SHIN rs EDI rou

Tltc streak continues.

With a doubleheader sweep of
Russell Sage on the road Thursday
afternoon. the Albany State
women‘s softball team extended
their winning streak to nine games.
Their season record now stands at
9-2. with their last loss coming on
April 9. Since then the Danes have
been simply devastating. Russell
Sage was Albany’s latest victim. as
tltc Danes won the opening gatttc
9-2 and the nightcap 9-3.

Freshman hurler Wendy
Williams pitched a complete game
in the opener. surrendering two
runs on four hits. Albany gavc ltcr
plenty ofsttpport when it was need-
ed most, as they scored eight runs in
their ﬁnal two at-bats.

The Danes scratched out a run in
the ﬁrst inning. as ﬁrst baseman
Chris Cannata singled. stole sc-
cond. took third on a wild pitch and
scored on a passed ball. As
Williams kept Russell Sage at bay
through tltc ﬁrst five innings the

Danes then exploded for four runs
in the top of the sixth.

With Caryl Meyer at second and
one out. Nancy Doyle lined a base
hit to left. but Meyer was thrown
out at the plate. Doyle went to se-
cond on the play. and site went to
third on Nancy Halloran's single.
After Halloran stole second putting
runners on second and third. both
runners moved up on .1 passed ball.
Cannata then reached on an error.
making the score 3-l. Tracy Kirk
then followed with it base hit. and
after a wild pitch Carol Wallace
then stroked a two-run single for a
5-0 Albany lead.

Albany scored fottr more runs in
the top of tire seventh on a passed
ball. an RBI single by Halloran and
a two-run single by Cannata.

Showing no signs of fatigue from
the ltot weather. the Danes started
the secottd game by scoring three
rttrts in the top of the first. After
walks to Halloran and Cannata.
Kirk ripped a single to left field that
was tnisplaycd ttnd went for a three
base error. l‘lalloran and Cannata
scored on the play. attd Kirk cartte
home on Stasia Bcttls' RBI grottn-
dout.

By Marc Berman
srxrr warren

Most good teams bounce back from heartbreaking
losses. The Albany State men‘s tennis team did more
than that; they made a full recovery.

After losing 6-3 to Amherst this past Tttcsday. which
included three third-set tiebreakcr defeats. the Danes
snapped back with a vengeance the next two days.
destroying Union on chttcsday. 9-0, and SUNY at
Onconta yesterday. 9-0.

“i guess you can say we bourtccd back well from the
Amherst defeat." said Coach Bob Lewis. “but we're
just that much better titan those teams. i wasn't too
surprised."

What did surprise Lewis was the unfortunate way
the Danes went down to defeat against Amherst. a
club that defeated the Danes 5-4 last year.

Albany dropped ttll six of the singles tttatcltes. with
the ﬁrst tltrec spots going into third set tlcbreakers.

“It was the kind of match that we definitely could
have won if we got some breaks." said Lewis, whose
team stands presently at 9-2. “We‘re just as good as
them. it's just they won the big points irt the
tiebreakcrs. i seriously feel that if we played them to
times. we'd win 7 of them."

First singles Barry Levine sttffcrcd the tnost heart-
breaking loss as three match poirtts itt his favor went to
waste.

After the two split the first two sets. Levine. who has
been trying to break out of a bad sltttttp. went up 6-5 in
games with a 40-Lovc lead. Levine was unable to pttt
his opponent Fred Sheppltard away. Sitcppitard turned
things around to tttkc the gnrttc and tie at 6-6. His
momentum carried him to a 8-6 tiebreakcr win.

“l’vc been in a bad slump. and it's hard to feel great
conﬁdence cvcn irt the position of having match
points. I've been really under the gun of late tryittg to
get out of it (the slump). i guess it's ju5t extra tottglt

APRIL 29. I983 i

when you're not winning." Levine said.

Third singles Fred Gabcr and no. 2 singles Dave
Ulrich also went down in third set ticbrcakcrs.

ln Gaber’s thatch. he was able to survive ﬁve match
poirtts before he went down to defeat.

“i just came up a bit short." said the senior captain.
“I played well in the first set bttt seemed to lose some
conﬁdence as the matclt progressed. it‘s really disap-
pointing losing the way we did."

Whether the Danes took ottt their disappointment
the next two days is urtknown. but they sure didn't
show signs of letting the tough loss affect them.

The 9-0 romp over Union was a meet that had been
rescheduled twice because of wcatltcr.

“Union hasn‘t been very competitive lately." said
Lewis. “We went in ltopirtg to shut them out and we
did.”

The same held true for SUNY at Onconta yesterday.
except Lewis did some shuffling. Four ottt of six
singles spots were filled by freshmen. This gave Lewis
the opportttnity to give Levine. Lawrence. Elcltcn. and
Rob Karen tltc day off. it also gave valuable ex-
perience to the frcsltmctt players that will he needed
next season.

Dave (irossman, who has served spot duty at sixth
singles. was trtovcd dowrt to rttttttbcr four. (irossntan
survived a mild scare but came ottt tltc victor. 6-4, 7-6.

Freshman Tottt Shntitz playing at the tttttnbcr five
spot. won his ntatclt with ease 6-0. 6-i. tts did freshman
.lay Eiscnbcrg 6-2. 6-0.

The 9-2 Danes ltavc a tough rcrttaitting four games
with tltc next one being at ltotnc versus tt competitive
Corncordin squad Saturday at l:00.

Tltc team will play their rcntaittlrtg meets on the road
against llttrtwick. Colgate. and Williams.

“Culgtttc and Williams might be ottr toughest op-
pottents of tire spring.“ sttid tltc coach. “We will ltave
to be ttt the top of our gttrttes." l 1

Sage came back in their half of
the first. scoring tltrcc tintcs and ty-
ing the game against Albany’s An-
drea Piccone. However. tltc Danes’
other freslttnatt pitcher settled down
after that. allowing no more rtttts or
hits before giving way to Williams
in the fourth.

Bascruttning proved to be tltc key
agttin for Albany itt the fourth artd
sixtit innings. as they scored twice in

each frame without a base hit.

In the fourtlt Cannata singled.
stole second. went to tltird on a
passed ball and then stoic ltornc.
Kirk drew a walk. moved up on tltc
passed bttll ttnd double steal. and
then crossed the plate on a wild
pitch.

The Danes tttade it 7-3 in the
sixtlt. Cannata scored on it passed
bttll for the sixtlt Albttny run. and

 

 

 

 

 

Fmshmln Wendy Williams continued her hot pltehtng as the women's soltbslt t

doubleheader from Russell Sage on Thursday.

WILL vurmm urs
earn swept e

Bettls walked with the bases fttll to
score Kirk.

Doyle arid l'lalloran cached
scored in tltc top of the seventh.
makittg tltc final 9-3 and putting the
finishing touches on Albany's sc-
cottd straight doubleheader sweep.

With the slttte playoffs only two
weeks away. tltc Danes ttrc ttow
looking towards next wcckcttd and
a possible berth ill the EAIAW
regional playoffs. to be held at
Montclair State College in New
Jersey. According to Albany head
coach Lee thenislt. l9 tcattts have
applied for a spot. with tlte top four
teams gcttittg the bid. The teams are
all from the rcgiott extending frortt
Maine to Delaware. thcrtislt is tm-
sure about ltcr team‘s chances of
going. despite the fact that Albany
ltas the best record in their district.

However tltc Danes will be the
host learn and have an automatic
bid in the NYSAlAW playoffs on
May l3 and l4. Albany will be
looking to defend the crown that
they won last year. and with their
success tltus far they could be very
tough to beat.

"People thought we weren't go-
ing to be as good as last year
becattsc we lost so many players."
thcnislt said. “i think we‘re show-
ing them we can do it again."

The Dttncs will travel to New
l’altz for a doubleheader on Satur-
day afternoon. This was sttpposed
to be played on Tuesday. but was
postponed dttc to poor field condi—
tions. The dottblcheadcr "against
Castlctott. origirtally scheduled for
Saturday afternoon. has been
canceled.

Rhcnish feels her team has what
it takes to come out on top again.

“This team ltas really been able
to put it togctlter when the chips are
down." site said. “i think that
shows a lot 'of character." l'J

    

      

 

 

VOLUME LXX

   

AHMEY
SUDNT
i¥EE

May

Tuesday

 
      

   

3, 1983

'NUMBER 23

 

 

 

Cinema heads pocket $3,500 in film revenues

 

By Heidi Gralltt

STAFF lift/TEN

 

The Exccntivc Board of University
Cinemas. comprised of six SUNYA students.
ltas been accused of stealing about $3.500 in
movie revenues“ according to SA officials
who say they ltave enottglt information to
support legal action.

The members of the U.C. Executive Board
ltavc ttgrced to return tltc $3.500 by Friday.
Mtty 13 at ttoon. lftltcy do not, SA President
Rich Scltttffer says they could face prosecu-
tion.

Tltc six stttdcttts irttplicntcd are University
Cittettttts President Bill Braddock. 'l‘rcasnrer
Michael Krotttc. and Executive Board
members Rise Shaw. (ins Ribciro. Micltacl
Abrtcri. attd Jay l.nstgtrrtcn.

Rich Scltaffcr charged that the Executive
Board "has been fudging the ticket
numbers" on the manager’s sheet which the
group is required to hand in after every
weekend. The manager's sheet is supposed to
reflect the ttttntbcrs on tltc first ttttd lttst
tickets sold and tire group must tttrn itt cttrrt-
lrtgs that correlate to this number of tickets.
However. Scltaffcr said this is difficult to
ntottitor because Universin Cinemas uses
more tltatt one roll of tickets at one titttc.
Tltcy had a “well organized" operation. said
Scltaffcr itt rcfcrcrtcc to tire allegations
against the Exectttive Board.

A member of the Excctttivc Board explain-
ed. “it was a serious mistake and we realize
that. Retribution is being made attd we are
working with SA to avoid any rccttrrcttce of
this type of problcttt in tire future."

SA Vice-President Jeff Scltttcidcr said an
inforntant had brought the tttattcr to his at-
tention wltile crtrttpaigttittg door to door last
election. He refused to reveal the informant‘s
rtttme.

Scltaffcr added that tltcy lttrd clteckcd out
tltc inforntattt and found that this person was
acting only in the interests of SA. “No per—
sonal interests were involved.” Scltaffcr said.

 

 

LAURA sosttcx ops V

Posters advertise for University Cinemas; Inset: SA Vice President Jail Schneider
"They all acted surprised and shocked, and everybody (ferried ll. "

Schneider said he ttnd Scltaffcr had rttct
with the Executive Board last Monday night
at which time a large deficit it) the group's
projected income for the year was discussed
and all members denied any accusations that
money was stolen. “Tltcy all acted surprised
and shocked. and everybody dcttied it."
Schneider said.

“On Wednesday, Bill (Braddock) catnc in

and told me that tltcy did take the money."
but rtot as large a sum as ltad originally been
indicated. Schneider added.

A second mectittg was held witlt the Ex-
ecutive Board on Thursday. at which tintc
“they all adtnittcd their guilt," Scltaffcr said.
The group agreed to rctttrrt tltc $3,500 which
Scltaffcr said is a fair estimate of what was
taken.

A member of the Executive Board later
said. "i deeply regret what i did." adding
that she is satisfied with the agreement made
with SA. "as long as tltcre is no
prosecution."

Schttffer explained that SA does not want
to press charges. “it's kind of messy when
you tltink tltc SA here goes around pro-
sccttting students." ltc said. “We don't want
students suing students." Schneider added.

SA Attorney Mark Mishlcr said any pro-
sccution would ltave to be led by New York
State. “I think there's crtouglr information to
go to a District Attorney and I think that tltc
District Attorney would charge people with
crimes." Mishlcr explained. tttcntiorting
grand larceny as orte possibility. Grand
larceny is arty tltcft over $250.

“It's tltc students‘ tttottey that is being
taken. SA has to react." Mishlcr explained.
adding that he feels tltc situation has been
“resolved fairly well."

Schneider corttettdcd that Krotnc “was
handing ottt 'gifts‘ — envelopes to tire Ex-
ecutive Board at tltc end of each month attd
occasionally after a big show...upwards of
$30 itt caclt envelope each time."

Scltaffcr noted that the board had justiﬁed
their actions by sayittg they did a lot of work
for University Cinemas. “Tltis is ttttdcrstan-
dablc. but doesn't give them the right to take
money." itc asserted.

Former SA Controller Dave Schneyman
said he'd looked into University Cincma's
books lltrcc or four times bttt never found
any substantial discrepancies.

Scltaffcr said he and SA Controller Adatn
Barsky will be lookirtg into ways of changing
the systcttt so this can't happen again.

Four members of the Executive Board are
graduating this year. Abncri and Ribeiro
were expected to remain on the board for
artotltcr ycar. Scltaffcr said he will ask them
to step dowtt.

Funds for the retttaindcr of this year will be
ltattdlcd under “careful” SA supervision.
Scltaffcr said. ['1

Noam Chomsky speculates on nuclear danger

    

liy Bob (lard ler

[kill it RIH'N

 

   

Nuclear Freeze advocates are “ .ry off
base" concentrating on rcdttction of arms.
explained Noam Cltotttsky dttring tt lecture
ast night itt LC iii ctttitlcd “littrornisslcs and
Disarmttntcnt.”

To understand wltat is going on attd to
then concentrate on alleviating problem areas

 

 

 

t.

 

 

ea maosstcn uas
Noam Chomsk
"...a/eellng ll Ls 0k [0 be aggrcssors. "

itt tlte Third World that could cause cottfrott-
tation between superpowers is tltc hcst solit-
tiott to the arms race. according to Cltotnsky.

Chomsky. a ttotcd language tltcorist. s the
author of numerous books on topics ranging
frorn linguistics to political policy.

“Even a sharp reduction itt nuclear arms
will rtot prevent or reduce tlte destruction of a
nuclear war," said Chomsky.

There is no likelihood that a nuclear cott-
llict will break ottt itt Europe. ltc explained.
hut bccatrsc of missiles situated itt tltc area “a
\\’til' will likely move there." ltc said. ('hom-
sky predicted that arty future nttclcar conflict
will originate sontcwltcrc iii the Third World.

Just how dangerous is tltc threat of actual
nuclear war"? Chomsky speculated. llc cott-
cltrdcd, “it is a miracle that we have survived
as long as we have witltout a major nuclear
confrontalion." Tltcre have been a total of
it) serious conflicts or mistakes itt tltc past
that have pttsltcd the world close to a rtttclcar
exchange. ltc explained. As some cxatttplcs.
he cited the l962 Cttbatt missile crises and tltc
l973 Arttb-lsrncli War.

The Cuban missile t. 'sis was “regarded itt
the U.S  a glorious victory.” said Chom-
sky. bttt actually it was tltc lowest point of
ottr history because of the possible consc-
qttcnces of nuclear war that it involved." he
said.

Nuclear error ts another aspect of nuclear
proliferation that Chomsky sees as ttrt crni-
rtcnt danger. “There ltttve been tltonsands of
doctttnctttcd instances that could have led to
ttttclear war ifit were rtot for lntntan interven-
tion that corrected the error." ltc said.

Finally. he criticized the present ad-

  

 

7

 

ministration for “the fraud of tire window of
vulnerability" that it has propagated. and ltc
explained that ltiglt technological ad-
vancemcms of the MX. Cruise and Persltittg
Missiles pose tt serious danger to world
security. "These systems will puslt tltc Rus-
sians toward tt ‘launch-ott-warning' policy.
by which ttrty indications, error or otherwise.
of a ttnclcar strike will set off itnmcditttc
retaliation."

The present existence. of ‘cold war'
strtllcglcs by the superpowers itt tltc Third
World. particularly the Middle East and Cert—
tral America. are seen by Chomsky as the ac-
trml threat to nuclear war.

He critici/ctl tltc Reagan administration
for propagating itttct'ntttional conflict to
justify l’cntttgon expenditures for nuclear
arms.

“The Reagan administration is leaking
propaganda about the war it) Central
America as fast as possible currently." said
Chomsky. 'i‘ltcir tactic is “very obvious." he.
said.

“There is a feeling itt Amcrictt. ttttd irt
otltcr countries. that we ltttve tltc rigltt way of
life and that it is okay to be ttggrcssors." said
Cltotttsky.

lfsorncottc itt the Pentagon was concerned
about ovcrall “long range" consequences of
today's actions. “they would be out of a
job." argued Chomsky. “We are not qttcs-
tionirtg whether our moves are right or
wrong. only ‘will this work for us today or
won't it.’ or ‘can we get away with it.’ be ex-
plaittcd.

Government involvctttcttt and control of
appropriations is common itt cvery

capitalistic society. explained Chomsky. “In
tltc U.S. it is the Pentagon that has the tnost
control."

He wcttt on to explain that the condition is
similar itt .lapttn wltcre they itave an
equivalent to the US. Pentagon.

“lint tltc .lttpttncs tre producing. through
tltcir defense agency. consutttcr goods in a
greater proportion to war tnatcrials. Here in
the [1.8. the situation is fire exact opposite."
he said.

('Itomsky was the target of sortie heated
arguments and ltcckling front tire audicttcc
wltcn he critici/cd the lsracli government for
being “ttrtcotttpromising" and ttndcr the in-
fluence of economic and military :tid from
tltc US. He critici/cd the US. press as racist
for their ovctuhclming bias against tltc
Palestinian l ibcration Organization attd
challenged the audience to llttlttt: arty writer
or columnist who supports coexistence itt the
Middle lzttst.

He explained that as long as this unaccep-
lance artd lack of compromise continues it)
tltc area “there will be war.

“A change itt American policies of cold
war' is a pritttc imperative for avoiding
nuclear conflict.“ said Chomsky.

To stertt tltc tide of nuclear advancement.
ltc explained. “we have to reduce weapons
production as ortc step. but tnost important
there artist he a rcdttction itt Third World
cottﬁict that might brirtg about a confronta-
tion." ltc said. “Human decisions. like
human institutions. cart be changed."

Cltontsky's lecture was a joint arrangement
by Speaker's Forum and Democratic
Socialists in America. C]

 

 

 

 

 

