  

 

 

 

 

Mike Pocyntyluk of Oneonta is a three-time'All-tl
SUNYAC performer. He is, according to Albany Head.
Coach Dick Sauers, the "premier center in the
conference.” He is the type of player that can be described
as one who always keeps his time in the game as long ashe

  

From the

Third Row
By Mark Levine

 

is on the floor. Wednesday night at University Gym,
everybody expected Pocyntyluk to showcase his skills and
provide the Great Danes with some very rugged competi-
tion.

He scored six points. He had four rebounds. The Danes
won. 63-54. and he was no factor. as the Danes’ tenacious
team defense took him completely off his game.

"If someone told you before the game that Mike Pocyn-
tyluk was going to score six points, would you have believ—
ed him?" Sauers was asked following the game.

"Is that all he had?" Saucrs asked. “No. We're not that
good." »

Maybe not. But in their five games thus far the Danes
have shown a brilliant ability to shut down an opposition's
key player.

In the finals of the Capital District Tournament
November l9, Albany keyed on stopping Union's fine
guard. Joe Wood. Using a combination of box-and-one
and zone defenses, the Danes held Wood to a quiet 15
points and prevented him from becoming the dominant
player he normally is. The Danes went on to win the game
and the tournament.

Wednesday night was no different. The Danes knew that
if they were able to stop Pocyntyluk. there was an excellent
chance of beating the Red Dragons. They were right.

“Some coaches’ philosophy is to let him (an opponent’s
key player) get his 25 points and stop the other players on
the team," Sauers said. “I can't stand it. Sometimes you
can stop him and sometimes you can’t. But today our team
defense did it."

Whereas the box-and-one defense was used throughout
the Union game against Wood, against Pocyntyluk it was
only used for the first six minutes of the second half. For
the most part it was just good, solid. hard work defensively
that made Pocyntyluk seem invisible.

"We just collapsed on him." commented center Pete

 

   

,g.._...~,;“.....r.t;.;.......v.4sq.tox r”.- t‘

' .2o'a,.3m;4Laa_Nr STUDENTPRESS El DECEMBER 9.19.93

Danes show, Pocyntyluk ability to stop  gun

Gosule, who only scored one point but was largely respon-
sible for shutting down Pocyntyluk. “It was just a matter
of concentrating on him, and knowing where he was, and

I talking on defense. When he got the ball down low he had

three guys on him." .

“We tried to stop him with different defenses," Sauers
said of his use of a combination of man-to-man and zone.
defenses, along with the box-and-one. “He’s the best
center in the' conference, so we put a gang on him. We
played different defenses to throw him off."

Oneonta Head Coach Don Fiewelling was impressed with
Albany‘s ability to eliminate the biggest gun in his arsenal.

“They did a good job on him," understated Flewelling
after the game. “They used a box~and-one in the second
half, but we weren't concerned with that because we felt we
could score other ways."

This kind of philosophy from Oneonta's standpoint is
exactly what Albany had hoped for. They wanted to stop
Pocyntyluk and force the other Red Dragons to beat them.
There's an old phrase which says, "You have to dance with
the girl you brought to the Ball." If this is true, then the
Danes left the Red Dragons alone out in the middle of the
dance floor.

Pocyntyluk shot 3-5 from the floor on the night. He did
not go to the foul line once. Normally he possesses a fine
outside touch for a 6’7" center. But against the Danes he
never ,really had the opportunity. There is u very good
chance that he went to sleep Wednesday night and saw six
hands and three white jerseys clamping down on him.

“There are a couple of teams that don't have a guy that
you have to key on." noted Dane guard Danny Croutier.
“Union and Oneonta do have one, so you’ve got to key on
him a little more."

Using a straight man-to-man and a 3-2 zone defense the
Danes frustrated Pocyntyluk early. He began complaining
to the officials about what he thought were fouls on the
Danes. lfanythlng, however, he got away with a couple of
traveling violations that were not called. Still, it seemed as
if he had more turnovers than points.

"He was frustrated." commented Albany's John
Mracek, who also played a large part in the Danes’ superb
defensive effort. "We were just collapsing three guys on
him. He was getting some iobs, but he turned around and
there were three guys in his face."

So the Danes got their conference slate underway in ﬁne
form. They have opened their season impressively with four
wins in five games. More importantly, they seem to have
acquired a knack for making an opponent‘s key player wish
he hadn’t showed up to University Gym. D

ED MARUSSICH UPS
Center Pete Goeule did a tremendous defensive job

in shutting down Oneonte's Mike Pocyntyluk.

 
  

 

 

 

Jayne Rand - Secretary

 

YOUR CLASS OF 1987
EXECUTIVE BOARD IS:

Jaclyn Bernstein - President
Dan O’Connell - Vice-President
Laura DiCIementi - Treasurer

Eric Blaha

Ann Fucito
Lias lezzi

Rich Cantwell
Hector DaCosta

FRESHMAN-DO YOU KNOW WHO YOU
ELECTED TO YOUR CLASS COUNCIL?

YOUR ELECTED-VOTING
REPRESENTATIVES ARE:

Laura Bre20wsky
Terry Corallo
Bob Gordon
Debbie Harris
Steve Landis

Lori Shapiro

Fireside Lounge
Get Voting Rights
and
Get Involved!

You Too Can Join Class Council!
Meetings are held - Sundays, 5:00pm

Come to 3 Consecutive Meetings -

and please pay your class dues!

 

SA FUNDED

 

....,;,~_.

 

By Adam Goodman
I SLIII II/tlll.R

 

As soon as the Albany State men‘s swiutrttiltg Icttnt‘s
schedule was released early in tile fall. the milliliters
had tltcir cycs fixated on l)ccclrrbcr 7. for it was this
(mp.- when Albany would face their ttrchriutls. Rl’l.
\\’cl|, rtow tltc Danes can look back on that tiitlt: witlt
great pride. as they cusin handled the linginccrs by it
wot-c of 64.49. Wednesday afternoon ttl l‘rtitersity
(iynt. . .

(ioing ittto the rrtcet, trot many people truly felt that
the Danes could defctlt Rl’l. let alone by \llk‘ll u cott-
tincing margin. In the littginccts' season dcbtrt. they
finished a close second itt the lfl-tctnn (irctlt Dunc
relays, as opposed to a distant fifth place finish for

' Albulty. Rl’l had a team that was considered very

(Iccp, witlt an excellent mi.\ of cstttblixltcd swimmers
rlltd tt cotlplc of high school All-Americans. To have a
chance of stopping Rl’l. Albany would have to gct ey-
ccllcttt times from all the swimmers. Tilc)‘ did.
Albtnty opened up in impressive fashion. edging ottt
RPl by 12 seconds itt tltc «Xi-yard medley relay. with

t Mike Wright. Ted ()bcr, llill Meier, and l’rcd (ircclt-

butnn swimming l()() yards of backstroke.
breaststroke, butterfly and freestyle. respcctiycly.
[Each swimmer swam their Sctlhttlltli best split tunes, ltd-
tliltg tip to a great! tilnc of 3:53.07. Among those fotlr.
(irccnbttunt's split time for the freestyle was a personal
best of 49.89. marking tltc first time the magic 50 sc-
cond ntttrk was broken by on Albtuty \wintntcr since
.loc Altcrtt did it three )‘L‘lll'h ago.

J; The rchty victory ptlt Albutty tlp 7-0. and it gttvc
them a lead which tltcy would Itot relinquish. .lell' Bull
lllld Frank Cawlcy learned for at 1-3 finish in lhc
MOO—yard freestyle. with littll \wilnrtliltg tl scuson beat
little of l lztll .28. After taking sccond ill that event and
third ilt the ltXl-yttrd frccstylc. (ilccnbttnm turned ilt
another \[tcclttcltittr time en route to a \ictory in the
50-yard I'l'cc. HIS mark of 22.87 wits just .52 seconds
off the school record. Considering than hc is only it
freshman lllitl that his ttcur record time was llllIlL‘ti ilt
\cl'y cttrly ill the season. Lilccltltutlln sccnts ilelll’t'ti oi
a spot ttlttortg IIiL' Albany swimming gtctlts. l'o cap off

[DECEMBER 9. I983 a ALBANY STUDENT mess}.

Men swimmers record upset over archriva’l‘  7

his phenomenal dtty. (irecnbmtm also took the
IOU-yard free.

“l-rctl is a good kid and it great sprinter. and I'm
really looking forward to watching hillt progress." said
(’ottch .loc .‘ihot‘c.

Although each and every rttcc had something in it to
please Couch Shore. Ihc 2tx)-ytrrd individual medley
had to bc thc most satisfying. It was lrt this filCL‘ that
Albany swept fitst and second place. behind .lcff Kett-
IICK')‘ und ()hcr. to c\pttnt| Albany's lend to .1043. their
lttrgcst of the tiny. “I knew that if we cottld win one
of tile lcltrys ttttd mcep tn lcttsl one L‘\L'lli. we would bc
lrt good shape." suid Sltolc. itt prophetic l'ttsltion.

Albnuy llllllllillillL‘ti its lead by finishing 1‘] ill tltc rc-
quircd diving competition and finishing sccond ill the
Ztlttyttrd butterfly. behind KL‘llllCti)"\ seasonal bcst
tirnc of 2:l5.5(). In lillll r'ucc, co-cuptttin l-lunk l’ztrkcr.
ullltottglt finishing fourth. swarm his scttsonttl bust little
of 2:24. It).

Rl’l nlttdc u lutc surge. winning the ZOO-yard
backstroke and Silo-yard freestyle. narrowing
Albany‘s lcutl to |2 pointy. lint thcn Albany. behind
Mike Vur'dy and Mike ('ttno. plttccd first and tltird in
the optional diting competition.

Albany tltctt put tltc contest out of reach by
finishing first find third ill the ZOO-yard breaststroke.
with ()hcr ttllti Andrew Motolu finishing ilt tllc ntoncy
for IItc i)illlt‘\.

It i\ still too curly to tell ifthis Albttny team can con.
sikictlll)‘ suit" to well it's they did yesterday. It is cvcn
too early to tell if Alhuny |t:t\ hcttct switttlttcrs than
Rl’l.

“\Vc sultnt bcttcr iiillll Ride yestcrduy.“ said
Shore. diplotrtuticully and pcthups cautiously. "Wc'yt‘
gottort a lot hcttcl since tltc lclttys. |t|tts \tc'rc irt great
shape." Itc utltlctl.

POOLHllH-l N01155: Albutty‘s flltttl flit‘t‘i of the
semester is Saturday ilt l‘lttllsbtlrglt. . . Since cylt‘tlsivc
workouts Il\llil"_\‘ )it'iti results about one “t'l‘k litter.
Shore ltt-ltl light “ttrktlllh prior to "11' RH Illl't'i. since
Saturday Is the final met-t. It looks like his strategy
|Itlifl off. . . 'l’llt' Hunt's lIrt' no“ l-l on the tltntl met-l
st'ztson. . . Rl’l failed to \Itt't'l) cit-n one L'\t'lli from
the I)tlllt‘\‘. i

 

  

 

A MUSICAL

r 26-9906!“r 18

HAPPY if!)

 

 

 

Attention College Students. . .

We’re Ready To Go!!

The men’s swimming team got a fine performance from their dlvere
as they pulled a major upset Tuesday night, defeating RPI, 84-49.

 

 

 

   

Lyrics by Bertolt Brecht. music by Kurt Weill.
Adaptation by Michael Feingold.

November 26-December 18

A musical of Chicago in the Roaring "20's.
Corporate sponsor: Scaly Mattress C0
Performances: Tuesday-Saturday 8.00pm,

Sunday 2:30pm and Wednesday. Nov 30. :2 30pm

Non Student Tlckots 88-513
Students wttltl D ‘. Dilt‘t! ltlttslitly'lillll‘ititly t'vt'lltlltIE. .trttt
Sundtty Mntlnuo Ltltttloti .tvntlttlrlllty Ittl rultuttt-et lit-low t.ttll.ntt

II t North l’tmtl ‘a‘tlot't Albany. Nt‘W ‘t’ork  

TleOlSitthtlﬂle at The Mttrkot TilUilitt‘ illlti Cormrruurty Uth otttct's
MasterCard and VISA accepted [No rotunda; or exchanges)

 

 

 

 

 

CLEAN UP YOUR ACT

AT THE

~ COLLEGE

LAUNDROMAT

449 Washington Avenue

Albany
(Across from the old Albany High School)

Drawing Every Wednesday fora Free Gift

(#30?!

Special Christmas Drawing for a
20 lb. Turkey

Sunday-Friday — 5:30 AM to Midnight
Saturday - 5:50 AM to 10:00 PM

We Cleaned ,Cawwwmat (It 70am

 

 

’Papa Qino'

 

o The more Pizzas you order,
the more you save. . .for
pick-up or eat-m

0 Great for Pizza Parties!

 

r COLLEGE STUDENT DISCOUNT COUPON (topicsﬁn- Ms I

I Student must show College Identiﬁcation Card to get discount. m

I Quantity Quantity ' I

I Purchased Discount Purchased Discount I
I Pine 10% 3 Pizzas 20%

I 2 Pizzas 15% 4 Pizzas 25% I

I g. g 18 w If Rd Over 5 Pizzas 30% I
a mo 0 . g

I Pratzeaanoae Co'onie, NY Call: 459-8131 53"“: I

L----------------------‘

 

 

