   

 

RDIDE

 

Shamir picks minister

, Tel Aviv
(AP) Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir Mon-
day named Yigal Cohen-Orgad. leader of his
Herut Party faction in Parliament, as his can-
didate for ﬁnance minister. Israeli Radio
said. i

It said Parliament was expected to approve
Shamir’s choice to replace Yoram Aridor.
who resigned Thrusday after his proposal to
base Israel's economy on the U.S. dollar Was
rejected.

Earlier Monday. the opposition Labor

Party introduced the first no-conﬁdence mo-
tion over the way Shamir's week-old govern-
rrlent has handled an economic crisis that has
closed the stock market for more than a week
and doubled food prices.
' It is the first no-confidence measure
Shamir has faced as prime minister and will
probably be debated Tuesday or Wednesday.
Parliament spokeswoman Dalia Asraf said.

French author dies

Paris
(AP) Raymond Aron. France's leading con-
servative political commentator. author and
essayist. died Monday of a heart attack. the
Paris Hospital‘s Administration announced.
He was 78.

Aroti collapsed as he left the city's central
court building after testifying in a libel case.
He was rushed to the Hotel Dictt hospital biit
was dead on arrival. the Hospital's Ad-
ministration said.

Aron wrote on politics for the nchpztpcr
Figaro and later for L'Express, a weekly
news magazine.

His 75l-pagc book. titled “Memoirs”. has
topped the best-seller list sitrce it appeared in
September. Subtitle "50 Years of Political
Reflection", the work reaffirms the
pluralism and anti-communism that made
Aron an outsider when a majority of French
intellectuals embraced Marxism.

I I

Fishing boat shelled
Til/U7)

(AP) A Japanese fishing boat was fired itpott

Monday by a South Korean patrol boat iii the

open sea between South Korea and Kyushu,

Japan's southernmost maitr island. tltc

Maritime Safety Ageticy said.

The MSA said the patrol boat fired two or
three rounds at the 4.2-ton Kikuyoshi Marti
about in miles north of Mitsirslrinia Island,
then l'ircd 20 to 30 more rounds of
machinegun fire about 20 minutes later.

There were no reports of injuries or
damage to the ship. the agency said. adding
the fishing boat was boarded and inspected
by South Korean soldiers before it was releas-
ed.

Canada urges plans

Halifax. Nova Swim
(AP) Canada is pressing the United States to
ﬁght against acid rain. but U.S. officials say
it is too soon to agree on a strategy because
the issue is politically divisive.

“We are ready to move. we are anxious to
move. we have a plan." Environment
Minister Charles L. Caccia told reporters
Sunday after a meeting with Secretary of

2 ALBANY STUDENTPRESS III OCTOBER I8. I983

State George P. Shultr. U.S. Environmental
Protection Administration chief William P.
Ruckelshaus and Canadian Foreign Minister
Allan J. MacEachen. ‘

“We're urging our American friends and
Mr. Ruekclshaus to take to Washington the
impressions he has gotten today of the grow-
ing and intense desire to come to grips with
the acid rain issue and to resolve it once and
for all," Caccia said.

Ruckelshaus. speaking at the same news
conference. said EPA proposals on acid rain
are being reviewed by a Cabinet council in an
effort to settle on a recommendation for
President Reagan. He said he didn't know
when a recommendation would be made.

Marines on alert

Beirut
(AP) Lebanese army troops shelled hideouts
of Shiite Moslem snipers Monday in south
Ilcirut near the inlerriatiotral airport where
one U.S. Marine was killed and five wounded
on Sunday.

The Marines remained on alert Monday
against possible new attacks. and spokesman
said the U.S. peacekeepers have been unable
to remove two of the Marines wounded in
sniping and grenade attacks Sunday to a
hospital ship off the Beirut coast.

The Marine commander. Col. Timothy
Oeraghty. 45. of St. Louis, told a news con-
ference at his airport headquarters that all
five wounded Marines were "in stable condi-
tion. The prognosis is good."

Sunday was the tirird consecutive day of
attacks on Ilic Marines and raised the toll of
Marine combat deaths to six since the U.S.
peacekeeping contingent arrived lfi months
tlgo. A seventh Marine died when a mine
h“ “'1” “Tint-t to defuse exploded.

NATIONWIDE
B-R I‘Eﬁ-F 

Reagan ready to run

if 'us/ri/rglmt, I). C.
(AI’) Monday. 1,000 days irrto his first tertii,
President Reagan was signing legal
documents making ltirti it candidate for re-
clectioti.

Altlrorrglr Reagan has yet to state publicly
that lie is running for a second term itr l984.
Sen. l’airl l.lt\ill|, R—ch.. one of his closest
political advisers. is establishing a rc-clcction
committee. The papers. once signed by the
president, were to be deposited with the
l‘l’dcl'ill Election Commission.

I'm ltit) percent convinced the president
will be II candidate for r'c-elcction,” said lid-
ward .l. Rollins. tltc presidential assistant
who has been chosen to run the catrrpaign.

The president and his aides Itave sttid
Reagan is reluctant to announce his plans.
because. if he is running. each step he takes
would be seen lit at political light. if he is not
running. he would become a lame duck, they
say

King holiday blocked

if’tlxlriltglmt, l). C.

(AP) The Senate is set to pass a national holi~
day honoring Nobel laureate Martin Luther
King ,lr.. biit not before conservatch
Republican Jesse Helms makes one firrnl at-
tempt to block the bill.
Whilc Ileltns' is planning to battle the pro-

 

 

federal courtroom. leaders of both parties
say when'thc roll is called Wednesday, ap-
proval will be overwhelming. '

King's widow. Coretta. who waited 15
years for the moment, plans to attend the
Senate session. Similar bills have been in-
troduced each year sinco the civil rights leader
was assassinated on at Memphis. Tenn.. hotel
balcony April 4. I968, but until this year. the
votes were missing.

The legislation. which brcezed through the
House 338-90 on Aug. 2, would set the holi-
day observance for the third Monday in
January to honor King's Jan. [5 birthday.
The holiday would begin in I986.

White House spokesman said President
Reagan. who oticc opposed another paid
liollday for federal workers. now is commit-
ted to signing the first bill honoring the
achievements of a black American with a na-
tional holiday.

STATEWIDE

  

Cole named chairman

Albany

(AP) Herman “Woody” Cole, Gov. Marlo

Cuomo's notninec to head the controversial

Adirondack Park Agency. thinks the gover-
nor will make liis job'erisier.

Cole, a former minister and college pro-

fessor. said Cuomo's ‘9very responsiveto

 

posed holiday on the Senate floor and in a

 

  

people" and that that should make his job
easier.

Cole. an aide to Cuomo when the governor
served as former Gov. Hugh Carey's ap.
pointed secretary of state from 1975 through

.l978. was nominated Monday by the gover.

nor to head the APA.

The 52-year-old Cole has been public rela-
tions director for the state-owned Gore
Mountain Ski Center in the Adirondacks
since April. He said he would rcsigtr that post
if conﬁrmed by the Senate to prevent any
possible conflict of interest.

irish men accused

Buffalo
(AP) Jury selection is scltcdulcd to begin
Monday for the trial of two Irish tnetr accus-
ed of trying to enter the United States illegal-
ly from Canada.

The two defendants are Owen Garrett. a
member of the British Parliament. and
Daniel Morrison. a writer for Sinn Ficn. lltc
political arm of the orrtlawed Irish
Republican Army.

They have been free and living iti Northern
Ireland on property bonds of Sit),0i)0 circlr
since tltcir arrests almost two years ago.

When the pair was picked tip at the bordcr
at Niagara Falls on Jan. 2i, i982. officials of
the U.S. imntigraiiori and Naturalization
Service said they were trying to enter the
country with fraudulent papers so they could
attend an IRA fund-raising dinner in New

 

 

York City.

' \'\\\.ll-V
\llll .ﬂ

 

REVIEW OF

 

 

 Cored Intramural captains are in-

vited to attend a Captains meeting
for all those Interested In field
hockey. The meeting will be heldon
Wednesday, October t9 In LC 19 at
4pm.

  

“Science and Public Issues" a leo-
ture which will include auch topics
as AIDS. cancer. drugs, and com-
puters, will be held on Friday. Oc~
tobor 21 at 7pm. at the College of
Saint Rose. Dr. David Axelrod, New

'SUNYA Professor AI Higgins wrll
discuss “Debunking Protonsc. Us-
lng Sociology to Strip Away
Fapadea." The lecture, one of a
series entitled. "Celebrating
Sociology" will take place on Tues-

 

Carecr Day sponsored by Delta
Sigma Pi will be held on Wednes-
day. October 19 from mom. to
4p.m. in the Campus Center
Ballroom. Career Day is a chance
for all majors to talk with represen-
tatives from several firms about Job
opportunities.

 

"How to get into Law School" will
be the topic Attorney at Law, Lisa
Gofdwaeaer will address. The
presentation will take place on
Thursday. October 20 in the BA
building at 2pm. The lecture Is be.
ing sponsored by the Pre-Law
Society in conjunction with BAR!
BRI professional centers.

U.S. Congressman. the Honorable
Henry J. Hyde , author of the Hyde
Amendment will be the guest
speaker at the Schenectady County
Right to Life Committee, “Calebra
tron of Life Dinner." The dinner will
take place on Friday, October 21 at
7:30pm. For more information call
371-2496.

Women's Studies Program will hold
a Research Colloquium entitled
"Being Single In Albany: a
Historical Perspective". on
Wednesday. October 19 at 12:15 In
Humanities 354. Pat White, of'Trl-
City Women's Center will be presen-
ting the lecture. For more informa-
tion call J. Hudson at 457-7595.

Jawbone '83 presents Bruce
Henderson reading from his poetry
and Kim Conneil reading from his
novel In progress. on Thursday. Oc-
tober 20 at noon in Humanities 354.
Everyone is welcome and admla-
aion is free.

U08 and WCDB are proud to pro-
aont The Band on Sunday, October
23 at 8pm. in the Palace Theater.
tickets are on sale now for $7 with a
SUNYA ID. and $10 without, and
can be purchased in the Campus
Center lobby. For more information
call 457-8520.

York State Commissioner of Health day.ocrober13 at 5p.m. in tho Cam
will be speaking. The CSR student pus Center at Russell Sage College.
chapter ol the American institute of 140 New Scotland Avenue, Atilnlti‘

Biological Science will be sponsor- slon is free.
Ing the lecture free of charge. For
more information call 454-5179.

The Office
Minorities in Medicine a workshop. grants will

 

of lnlornatlonal Pro-
hoid an IIIlOIItlttllvtl

Sponsored by Union College will be 'moetlng on Wednesday, October '9

hold on Thursday. October 20 at at 8:80 pm.

in Humanities 290 to

7:30pm. in the Old Chapel at Union discuss the SUNYA study abroad

College. All are Invited to discuss program in

Israel. For those in.

00"000 and medical school to ioreated In studying in Madrid rlrom
qultomonia. A van will be leaving will be a meeting on Thursday. 00'
irorn SUNYA at 6:45pm. For more toberzoat t pm. In Humanitiosiiﬁzi.
information contact Peg Rolch In Former participants will lmpméiut“

C.U.E. at 457-8331.

to share their oxporioncos, I

,___...-

 

 

OCTOBER [8,1983 It ALBANYSTUDENTPRESS 3

Senate bill enlarges body to handle cheaters

By Jane Anderson

The Senate Committee on Student Con-
duct was enlarged by the University Senate at
their first meeting. according to senate of-
ficials.

The senate bill states that “membership of
the Committee on Strident Conduct for
I983-84 will consist of ten teaching faculty
members, six students and three non-
teacliing faculty members." These will form
a pool from which five faculty members. four
of whom must be teaching faculty, and two
students will be chosen to ltear each case.

The expanded conrrnittee is designed to
hear more than one case at a time. according
to Assistant Dean for Student Affairs Alice
Corbin. The previous committee. site ex-
plained, could only hear one case at a time.

The committee handles cases involving
academic and other fornrs of" dishonesty. it
also reviews and recommends policies, pro-
cedures and regulations involving strident
conduct.

“The representation of students and facul-
ty on the cortrrriiltce has not changed." said
Corbin. "What the bill does is explain rrrore
clearly how tnariy faculty members and
students will be involved with the committee.‘

The recommendations for the revisions in
the Cornnrittee oti Student Conduct were
made by the Task Force on Student litliics
and Cheating. which was formed by Univer-
sity Senate to rriect over the summer to
“survey the problctiis that students trttd
faculty litivc with cheating," said task force
chair Patricia Rogers.

Professor Ronald liosco, chairman of the
University Senate atrd ot'gtrni/cr of the task
force. said that cheating has bectt “air issue
on camptrs for five years." He added that "it
has become incrctringly evident that tlterc is a
probletrr with cheating."

liosco said that he was very concerned
about due process involving students who
client. He noted that this bill will “help
guarantee due process" and will "clarify the
issues” for students who get caught cheating

and rrrirst go throuin the judicial process.

"The role of the committee has not been
changed." explained Rogers, "but we did in-
citide more teaching faculty in it. because of
a concern that teaching faculty were not be-

itig included enough. Strident representation

has always been. and always will be" part of

the committee hearing process.

A student is referred to the Committee on
Student Condrret only when the prohicrn is
not resolved by internal department
grievance policies. The case is then brought
to Strident Affairs. where Corbin selects a
group from the pool of committee members
to hear the case. Appeals are possible after a
final declaration has been tirade on the case.

In each of the previous two years. the corn-
niittee ltas handled approximately I5-20 cases
of academic dishonesty and about 30 cases
involving forgery. said Corbin. Plagiarism
and cheating on tests are the two major types
of academic dishonesty, she added. Forgery
includes the changing of grades and signing
the professor’s name on a drop card.

The Task Force on Student Ethics and
(heating was created to form niodificatiotis
for the committee. according to Rogers. The
task force also discussed “methods of stir-
dent dishonesty. previottsly unknown, that
have been observed here," said Rogers. “We
studied the behavior of tire catrrpus as a
whole, where wltai happens and what cart be
done about it." he noted. -

Rogers maintained that “it has not become
evident that one school lttrs more cheating
than others.

“There are always people who will cheat,"
she continued. but on this carnptis, "students
who would trcver think of copying on a test
or of plagiarism have thought that it is nec-
cessrrry to do so irr order to do well lit the
system. The system has to clrairgc here."

“I don't tlritrk they even tcali/e how
widespread 'llt' problctti is." said One studctrt
who asked not to be identified. "l've seen
people with hidden mikes. all sorts of things.
People theat all over here," the student add-
cd. | l

 

  
  
  
 
 
 
 
  

“It has bécorhe
increasingly
evident that there
is a problem with
Cheating. ”

—R0nald Bosco

 

dPS

SUN YA students recount adventures overseas

 

By Arney Adams
.S'l'ztll Il’lt'lllt’lt'

 

Many people dream of travelling abroad.
but for SUNY students it doesn't have to be
only a dream. The Intertiatiorrai Studies Pro-
gram sends about I60 SUNYA students
abroad every year. according to the
program's director, Dr. Alex M, Shane.

“We have 17 foreign study programs in 27
cities —- tnostly at universities and institutes
-- around the world. Otir prograiirs are con-
tinually growing and expanding." Shatic
said.

The programs include studying in China.
Denmark. Germany. England. France. Spain
and Israel. Some of the progrirtns require
proficiency iii a language, btrt not all. The
programs in Denmark, Israel. Japan. tltc
Netherlands. Singapore. and England do not
require any foreign language study.

“There is a ttiytlr that students have to
have a language iti order to travel abroad.
Also they Ilririk it's too expensive." .'. d
llaiiticlorc I’ttssoniio. Assistant to the Direc-
tor ol' the International Studies Progratri.

According to I’ttssoniio. these two factors
keep itiiitiy students frotrr investigating the
possibility of studying abroad.

Shane agrees. "It is trot generally known
that a slitdctit does not always have to
specialize iti it given language. Tire concept is
much broader. The main thrust is to build on
what the student has learned here. We watit
them to have a broader perspective."

Neltlier is cost a barrier in most crises.

“in general the cost should be about the
satire price as a semester living hcrc on carti-
pus. It is a little rrrorc expensive bccarrse of
transportation costs. birt in practice sortie
programs are rrrrrcli less than staying here for
a semester." Shane said.

According to Shane. the (‘hitrcsc program
is 32,000 plus transportation for a seittester.
Also. a semester abroad is oftcti longer titan a
semester ttt SUNY. sometimes five or six
tnonths. Shane said.

I’assoniio adds that because students
register at SUNY. they are ciigable for state

rimi i'mlurul rill'le‘l'll will. \Irill‘ rim r-vrvnntlnn

 

 

of only one or two programs.

“Once there. a student ol'tcn spends sortie
time travelling around after the end of the
program. This is not included in the cost of
the program. bill it is very beneficial," Shane
said.

Meltti Callahan. at SUNY student who par-
ticipated in the German program at Wurr-
burg. advised students to take extra money
along for transportation.

"it is a bit expensive. because you watrt to
do so much. ()thcrwise you‘re stuck. Money
holds a lot of people back from travelling."
Callahan said.

Callahan arrived itr Germany in July, two
Illt)Illll5 before the program officially begnir
iti September. However. the German univer-

 

 

sity semester does not begin until November
arid eitds iii July. with March and April free.
site said. '

Callahan spent much of her free time
visiting relatives and travelling.

“My relatives live in the south. in Uirn.
which is northwest of Mitrticlr. I also wctit to
Iladcn-Iladcn. which is west of Munich. I
visited the romantic city of llcidclbtrrg. as
well as Holzbrirg and l-‘rttnkfurt." Callahan
said.

She travelled itr Norway arid the south of
l‘TtlIiCc. and also studied itr Spain for tltrce
weeks.

“The German countryside is beautiful.
The scope of geograpin is everything from
the ocean to the Alps, Whatever you're into.

 

Hannaiore 'r‘

CINDY GALWAV UPS

 

 

 

Slurlertls rlort ‘I Hired a language to slut/y trlmmrl.

skiing. sun-bathing. yoti can do it," Callahan
said.

“The people are very friendly, They're a
little reserved at first, but once they accept
you. you're a friend for life," she said.

The university system in Germany is qtiitc
different, (‘atllaliari said. There is no distinc-
tiotr between irtrdcrg iduate and graduate
levels. and students study what would be
graduate level courses by our standards.

"The German universities are excellent.
They're a lot triorc advanced tlrtiti we are.
The standards and material available is amaz-
ing." she said.

Another SUNY student, Gregg Stackel.
spent five months in London. He lived over a
barber shop with a stttdctrt from Hong Kong.
and two other "blokes."

“Travelling was the most exciting part. I
travelled by myself — I knew no French. i
had a marvellous time." Stackcl said.

One of the things Stackcl said he enjoyed
most about England was its proximity to the
cotitincnt. “France is only a couple of hours
away. I spent a week in Paris. and I went to
Versailles and Brussels. and I went to
Holland twice." ire said.

“The English are lovely. friendly people.
As a student I picked tip on the siting quickly.
i became a part of the culture. Tlterc are
many subtleties." Stackcl said.

“There‘s a lot to letrrri. more than just
school. it's“ different when you're away from
your family and friends. You learn to rely on
yourself. It's very rewarding. I wish I’d spent
it year." he said.

Sinckei remarked that. contrary to belief.
the people abroad don't dislike touristspbut
that the typical American tourist tends to not
superior and does not try to understand the
culture of ti foreign coutrtry.

Iieth Bennett. a student at Albany, was
allowed to apply for a summer program iti
France and Spain throuin SUNY Oswego.
She said that the attitudes of the French peo-
ple toward Americans depended on the part
of the country.

“We did have sortie problems. A friend got

- i 5»

   

*‘Ni-ux‘.’ .MM'CP'I-m'ﬁyiu vnwemVW r... um

WV -- .. ._...

 

