     
  

Wmm— W...” v"...

 

g”...

 

 

 

'14 spans ALBANY STUDENT PRESS r3 OCTOBER 7,1903

Women booters drop 5-1 decision to LeMoyne

 

fly Mark Wilgard

S Tall-‘1’ ll 'RI I 'E

 

Coming off of a well-played but tough loss
to national powerhouse Cortland last Satur-
day. the Albany State women's soccer learn
headed into Tuesday‘s match against Le-
Moyne witlt ltopes of getting brick to their
winning ways. A letdown ltad to be
somewhat expected after playirtg strch an
etnotional game at Cortland. But the Duties
let down more than they shorrld have and fell
to LeMoyne by a score of 5-l.

The game was scoreless for the first 40
tninulcs.'but tllcn catue a disasterous ttrrtl of
events. I cMoync exploded for three goals in
the firtal fivc rnirurtcs oftlrc first ltalf. promp-
ting ltead Coach Atny Kidder to display some
anger. “Our people were not picking up their
people." site said. “They kept coming down
on fast breaks. We were constantly playing a

man down on defense." Site added that "All
of our mental mistakes killed as."

Although her team was trailing 3-0 at
ltalftitne. Kidder was nevertheless optimistic
about her team's second halfeltances. "I told
them. if we believed hard enough in
ourselves. we could come back. We just had
to score early." Unfortunately. it was Le-
Moyne doing tlte carly scoring.

Seventeen minutes into the sccoltd half the
score became 40. About a minute later it was
5-0 rtrtd the Danes were hopelessly otrt of it.
Kidder was happy with the play of only a
couple of players.

"Cathy Russo did a tremendous job at
cclllcr midfielder. nttd Dec hlar'i‘e played the
best garlic she's played all year." rrotctl Kid-
der. “lint two people don't make a learn." It
was Marfe who scored the lone Albany goal
at 40:36.

Kidder tossed away tlte rlotiotr that the

Intramurals get underway

As the AMIA completed the first week of
their fall softball and soccer seasons. most
teams find themselves well into their
schedules and are preparing to bear down in
their efforts to reach the playoffs. AMIA of-
ficials are reporting that the competition has
been quite extensive to date and that they are
looking for very tight palyoff races in both
sports.

At the season's mid-point. Softball Com-
missiuner Mike Sllberrnan reports the follow-
ing teams as major contenders for playoff
births. in League lA watch for a tight race
between Easy's Bar and Grill. Fullhouse and
Camp Ranger Buddies. League If). the
largest division, features such outstanding
clubs as The Misfits. Block' of Beagles. Sub
Club. The Agents of Fortune and Dead Cor-
nings. The two teams to look for in the newly
formed League 2 are Morris Hall and
RabinowithS. Lebeniatnikoos and the Dirty
Dirtbags are the top two favorites in League
3. Moving to co-ed. the Mixed Monsters and
Easy's Bar and Grill are frontrttnners for a ti-
tle in League 4A. while the Mixed Vegetables
and Looney Tunes are making a bid for post-
season play.

The men‘s soccer season opened with a

Sports Briefs

Galuski honored

Great Dane back Mark (taluski was natu-
ed to the Eastern College Athletic (fon-
fercnce's weekly honor roll on Monday for
his game against Union Saturday night.

(ialuski had two interceptions. including
one that he returned 47 yards for a
touchdown for Albany‘s lone score of the
game. The junior also had six solo tackles
and six assists in an outstanding individual
effort. ‘

AD named President

Dr. William Moore. Albany State's
athletic director was elected president of the
Eastern Coast Athletic Conference on
Wednesday.

Moore. who has been at Albany since
January, was vice-pcsident of the ECAC
for I979 and I980. He was cleeted president
by all the member schools at the annual
meeting in Hyannis. Massachusetts.

 

I IX
Urmrrto V”

The ECAC is the largest athletic con-
ference in the nation with 239 member
schools. Comprised of 64 Division I. SI
Division it and l24 Division III schools. the
ECAC provides competition in IS different

rematch of last year‘s climactic final featur-
ing ’l'ito's Tacos and the Olympians. The
Olympians. however proved to be just too
tough for Tilo's. Soccer Commissioner Chris
Parlowe reports early season favorites to be
The Budget Cuts. Olympians. and league
newcomer OMG Sayles International. This
season's schedule showcases some of the
finest amateur soccer players at SUNY-
Albany involved in very exciting. non-stop
action games. This weekend is full of league
games on the varsity practice ﬁelds kicking
off at I:00 Saturday afternoon.

AMIA Council resumed this semester with
the announcement that Vinne Cirrillo and
Scott Rein were elected President and Vice-
President. respectively. In addition to the

«2”... "may... at"...

Cortland game took a lot out of the team.
"We can‘t make excuses," she said. “You
have to face up to a team like they're the best
team you’ll ever have to play. You have to
put all of your energy into the game. We just
didn‘t do it." t

Albany has been on the road a lot. and
Kidder feels this has lutrt the learn just a bit.
"It's tough to adjust to being at borne after
all those road games. The atmosphere is dif-
ferent; you'replaying in front of people you
know." she said. Kidder is hoping her squad
gets back on the right track beginning with
tomorrow's home game against St.

       

 

 

85. " v

A * y .
 .
. and w“ ' Amethyst

W29“;

Lawrence. "We need a win bad,"she
remarked. “We have to ptlt Tuesday's game
behind us and do the job we‘re capable of do-
ing. l l

THROW-le: Danes record is now
4-4. . .Albany is 2-0 careerwlse against St.
Lawrence. They were also 2-0 against Le-
Moyne before Tuesday. Kidder says. “All
the tearnsjusl get-stronger each year." Game
time is l p.m. . . .Fourof the next five games
are at Itotne. . .Players‘ parents have been in-
viied up to tomorrow‘s match. This hsould
prove to be an extra lncerttlve for the team.

    
  

- A

“fists: 
)‘B‘

 

AMIA's promotion and J.. ' .
participation of all types of intramural ae-

livitics. the council is a policy-making body. _

At last nights AMIA council meeting it was

announced that roster signing will be strictly '

enforced in future sports under its new policy
which states all rosters must be signed and
submitted at a predetermined date by the
respective sport's commissioner with no ex-
ceptions. l |

 

sports.
“I‘m extremely gratified." Moore said.
“it certainly is an honor and a privilege."

JV tryouts

Men's junior varsity basketball tryouts
will be held Monday and Tuesday. October
[7 and Iii in the gym. For more information
call coacll Jitn Boland at the basketball of-
licc. 457-4526.

Upcoming events

Talk about going frorn out of the pan
and into the fire. Coming off a 24-7 loss to
the nationally-ranked Union Dutclttnctt.
'the Albany State Great Danes will pay a
visit to Southern Connecticut to take on the
always tough Division ll Owls. Last year.
the Owls' Steve Cornpitello returned a
kickoff for the winning touchdown against
Albany with 25 seconds to play...Tllc men‘s
tennis learn. in quest of their fifth straight
SUNYAC crown. will host the SUNYAC
Championships here today and
lomorrow...The men‘s soccer team travels
to Potsdam for a clash with the Bears
Saturday afternoon. Albany lost to Union
3-0 on Wednesday. dropping their record to
3-4...'l'he rncn's cross country learn has an
away meet with Queens Saturday after-
noon. while the wornen‘s team has a 3-way
meet on the road Saturday against llutlter
and CCNY...l.ooking to end a two-game
losing streak. the women's soccer tcarrr will
takc on St. Lawrence in a home game on
Saturday beginning at [:00 pm...'l'he
women‘s tctlnis team will host St. Lawrence
today at 3:30 pm, and they tltcrt take on
Ri’l Monday alterrtootl at 3:30...'l'he
women’s volleyball team has a home game
at l:00 pru Saturday agairtsl New l’alt1..

 

 

Danos' record Is now 4-4.

The women's soccer team was defeated 5-1 by LeMoyne Tuesday afternoon. The

ED MARUSSICM UPS

 

Software galore!

I the

 

Nobody carries more models. We have hundreds

of books and magazines. We even carry robots.
Hewlett-Packard. Commodore. Eagle, Franklin.

Epsom-Texas Instruments Professional. Atari.
Sinclair, Coleco Adam. Androbot.

Communicating micros our specialty...|et us turn
y0ur micro into a termrnal.

We're the area's largest computer store.

I computer
I I I cellar

Westgate Plaza. Central & Colvtn Avenues
Albany. New York 12206

Open weeknights 'til 9. Saturday ‘til 6

482—1482, 482-1463

     

     
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

i
l
t

t

 

OCTOBER 7,1983 Ct ALBANY STUDENT PRESS  15

 

 

By Dean Chang —

m

The fastest runner on the Albany State “tapas—orb“
country team will get no awards this year; her recognition
will be limited to the people who have been privileged to
watclt her. Such is the price that trartsfcr Lynn Jacobs has
to pay.

In accordance with NCAA rules, Jacobs is sittitrg otrt
one year after transferring frotn Southwest Missouri
State. a Division l school. However. sitting certainly does
not mean non-participation. Jacobs runs with Albany
during the meets. even though her finish doesn't affect
the team score. Slle consistently finishes first. among
Albany runners.

things were different in Missouri. Jacobs had a ltard
time adjusting to the lengthy workouts. “They had us
running lit) or 90 miles per week." explained Jacobs. “We
would be up at 5:30 run. three days a week to rttn five
miles. I wasn't used to that type of training."

As a scholarship recipient. Jacobs had sortie added
pressure on her to do well. Her best time in college was
three minutes slower than her tinte in high school. Given
Jacobs“ competitive nature. underachieving disturbed
her. "Not winning definitely bothered me." she said.
” their type of training wasn't going to help runners like
myself."

A Division lll school was not where Jacobs envisioned
herself being in her sophomore year. When she left her

 

 

 

 

 

LOIS MATTABONI Ul’S

Lynn Jacobs. a transfer from a division I school In Missouri. ts preparing to mn 10, the woman.5 Hack.
this spring. Jacobs Is currently practicing with the women's cross.c°un"y “mm 93’" "9'9

Transfer Lynn Jacobs adjusts to'h'er new role “

hometown of Pine Bush. New York for Missouri two
years ago. site had expected to stay. But things changed.
“I didn‘t really enjoy the atmosphere of a Division I
school."st commented. “There's too much pressttrc on
you. You can't even eat a piece of pie without worrying
about your body fat." Jacobs was required to keep her
body fat level minimal.

"There was too much of a learn aspect in Missouri."
continued Jacobs. "Winning for the learn was overslress-
ed. Asa result. most of the tenor members clung logctllcr
and becarrlc too confined. l rtevcr really got into that."

l‘raufcrring to Albany relieved much of the presstrrc
that had encumbered Jacobs. For the first little. she was
having fttn. "l netct‘ liked golttg to practice irl Missouri."
she noted. “Now I look forward to each practice. The
tcurtt is great to be on: we all pltll for each other all the
time."

To sottte. Albany ttrigltt seem to be an tttrlikcly choice
lot a Division l rtrrrner looking to transfer; lacqu
thought otherwise. According to an athletic trainer or
Missouri. Albany had art eyccllcnt coach itl Ron \\‘lutc.
lacobs also contacted Karen Kurtlty. ctr-captain ot
Albany 's cross country tL'tllll. who spoke highly oI t onclt
White‘s athletic ptotltttltt. With its strong acadcnnc pro-
utttttt. Albany became quite an attrrutisc allernntite.

llrcrc hate been other cases where an athlete will go
from a tllyisitttl l school to a division II or ill
st‘lrooi llnlikc |.rcol\s. these athletes Illtl) not hate
deserved the stlrolttrsltips they Icciexed lrortt tltc llit'r'ct
sslltttll. .rccorrlmg to “bite. “i see .rtcllrge runners bcmg
r'lycn stltolruslnps.” he said. " l‘ltcsc people are led to
belicte that they are borra fidc scholarship material. I you
does not tall into this category. At .1 lug school. the \trrtk
.ltltl tlrt- \tllllpt'illlllll are harder. Home tttltletcs l‘t'l better
and some break dosyn. I you didn't get discouraged and
break drmrr.

".-\t Albany. lytrn can be the big Iislt ill a medium
pond instead ol being a small Iislt in a big pond." con»
tinned White. "Rather tllarl being the sixth or setcnllt
runner at Missouri. i you might try to be the best in Ne“
York. She‘s got the polcrnial to be a top-notch l)i\isiotl
Ill runner."

Jacobs \\ill be eligible to tllfl for Albany ill the spring.
ultcre she'll probably concentrate on the 5.000 and tile
ll).000 rnclcr races. “This season I‘ll just be going for my
pctsollttl record while preparing for the outdoor season."
she said. “thus for I'll go depends on how rtmch l pro-
gress rrndcr ('oacll White."

"Lynn kuous she has to sit otrt and yet she trainsjust as
hard as lllc other team rrretnbcrs." noted White. “It takes
a lot of patience and understanding to do what she's do-
ing. She‘s Illc type of pcrsorl I like to work with; Lynn is
\er‘y enthusiastic about running and about life in
~ecucral." l

 

 

 

 

 

 

' _Boote_rs knocked out in 3-0 loss to Dutchmen

By Mark Levine
l\\ttt I III V'ttRH I “HUN

l~'rom the sidelines on \‘r’cdncsday after—
noon. head coach liill Schicffclin was con-
stantly yelling at his learn: “Win the ball!
Win the ball!" ,

Unfortunately for the Albany State men‘s
soccer tcant. it “as tltc \‘isitinc litrtcluneu
frqu Urriotl ('ollcge who kept “inning the
ball. and its a rcstrlt they won llrc game. too.
defeating Albany by a score oI 3-0 arid drop-
ping the Danes‘ record to 3-4 on the year.

“We were getting beat to tile loose balls."
Schicffclin corutrrcnlcd following the loss.
"We just got outlurstlcd."

After an emotional 3-l victory over
llrockport Slate last Saturday afternoon that
plrt Albany brick at the .500 mark. it seemed
obvious that the Danes would come ortt fly-
Itlg. Instead. it was the Dutchmen who pill
the pressure oll early. controlling the ball and
getting many chances in the box. The Danes
were caught back on their heels and “etc
tlrlablc to tnorrrrl arty kind of serious ol'l‘cn»
sive threat. and the Dutchmen were able to
get otl the board first.

Al the 29:4l mark of the first half. Union's
Dave Sheridan vollcycd ill a reboorrd past
helpless Albany goaltender 'I‘om Merritt. it
was the eultnirtation of plenty of ball control
attd possession by Union, as it scented like
the ball was magnetically attached to
Albany's end of the field.

Trailing I-0. things slowly began to t1“
downhill for Albany. Tile Dtttclrrrrcn kept tire
pressure on rathcr lltart letting up. attd al'ler‘
still tnorc opportunities for the Dutchmen to
llel on tile board again. tile roof caved in for
the Danes.

Witlt about 25 tnintrles to play in the trail.
Albttny defenders Mike Miller and Francisco

Duarlc banged heads while going! lot rr loose
ball irr their oun end. it uas a trusty collision.
and botlr players here scrtl spttltlilltt' to tile
ground. llollr uctc able to u.rlk oil the field.
bill they were also lruishcd tor the rim. So
were the Danes. V
Albany's llctcrrse trots had to \ltlltslrttltl the
pressure of the Union attack oitlr ball of

their hackliuc missing.
jtt\lllleltls had to be made.

Midfielch lcslic Sucre \\.rs rooted to the
[molding to pin) soccpet. \"cyt'rc, ulto began
the year at ccntcrloruard bciorc nrotiny to
the Inidtirltl Iour tunnes .rr-o. urrs forced to

(llurously. .td-

plrty :l position Ilt.lt urts lltrl.urrrlr.rt to llllll. in,

addition. his llltHlIlt! to deletrsr- rook rt erc.rl

deal of spark out of the already listless
\lb.ltr\ offense.

\cusrtrg a chance to mow ill lot the kill.
l‘nron tipped the rnrugrn to 10 only ltuttltlcs
.Illt'l \ltllet .rud Dumtc lcl't tltc _L':I|llL‘.

the lltrttlrrncn‘s Doug \\'i|k put .r shot in-
to the lotscr right hand cot net ott .r tlcflcc-
tron .rl the 40:12 mark of tire lt.r|t. (tnce

 

 

.rr'.nrr_ \lcttitl had no chance as l'rrttrlr \\ll~
\llItL' .rmtltl summary in front.

lite itiss of Miller and [battle cert.uul\ hud
.r acturtiyc effect on the -\lb.rrr\ spurts. but
\klrrcltcltrr refused to use that us .rrr r u use.

“\\t had no choice \\L‘ |r.rd to put 'cslrc
back here." he said. “lint no |* c ll
players on otrr team. mm the other |‘t'oplc
Illsl weren't doing their job.“

file Dutclrluetr added an insurance cool ill
the second Iralf to [Ltd the margin to Hi. and
although Albany uas able to ptrl some
pressure on the Union defense. they could
not pill the bull itrto lltc net.

CORNER Kl('l\" According to Albany
Assistant Trainer 1 g Danislmn. both
Miller and Dumb: suffered first degree con-
cussions and were laken to the hospital for
further e\tlltlllltllillll. Dttttrte also suffered a
laceration and may require slltcltes...'l‘hree
goals was tnost Merrill has allowed this year
in any one game-~previous high nus tyvo ltt
losses to ()suego rttul North Adams. Despite
ilntt.tlte sophomore played a flrte game. as he
could not be faulted for any of the goals and

made ll couple of brilliant stops. including ll
diving save off a header frottt about five feet
uwu' ..Drntes were slntt (ml for second illite
this year. first one coming in 1-0 loss to Cnr~
tlttrtd...Alhuny' hits the road for tile long

 

 

r t

 

Union College Dutchmen by a score of 3-0.

ED MANUSSICH UPS
The men's soccer team was soundly beaten Wednesday afternoon. falling to the

journey to Potsdam for a game with the
Iiears this Saturday before returning bottle
on Wednesday to face Slenu. l]

 

