W 'mWQw-ru

 

)

 

"km-n...‘ ..

   

45 51-7111

COW“-

muomvm> a

i in take a look into the back Innm

 

“HWMMﬂW-lwnlac xvuﬁmwAkr

penpccﬂve-

cli'riOus

Excuse me but i need a mouth like yours
To help me forget the girl that just walked
out my door
Funny but It seems Ilrat you ‘re alone like
rue
So i] U are go let's come see what we can
see

Prince

t's Saturday night and you aie

hot, or at least that's the way it

begins. Boredom nverpnwers
you; it's time to hit the streets. Times sure
have changeditlre peanut man is back in
Georgia with his iriernnr’ies. Iran is still
"under" the influence of the Islamic
Revolution A real live ievolulionl Yet. I
sense a complete lack oi candor on the part
of the media.

Hubert-Kenneth Dickey

Their ttlre medial heroes are men of lies
arid deceit l’Iofit expectation is the basis
of llris system Mars called It the creation of
surplus value which In IIIIII brings .rbnrit
the creation or ianrratinn nl Iapital At the
heart of this sticky Issue is the develnprrient
oi canIIrIoIlittI's and/or their exchange
Moirey being the most obvious of these
iate(s) Iii esclrange .

Uncle Sam Is Btttt billian III the Il.'tl (and
all this time I thought that we didn't believe
III Marx) with only the IllVL'llltttlt's of
business and the greed of International
bankers to lead the way In recovery
Anyway anI ('lll II. this Is nInvlrere's-ville.
like a bad trip on acid ’l'lrat's it! Rnrrnie is
from sunny liillrtl' like rainy. these days)
California. and ~IoIneanly put ISI) III the
water tank at the Oval Oliire If you lnok
hard and lnng enough there l‘s aluays an

answer to 'i til lIie‘s little prnblenrs

Now that the leading L‘I'ltlittllilt' itgures
hate started in pnint up. we mustn't Irspcct
tnn much Inn snnn Sn all you pnni slnbs
not of Work ltad better write your Inn-
greesmen and tell them to slay the course.
but save you the dessert

Agent X. In due as he prefers to be call
ed uhen Irnt nri Iluty. opens the dnnr tn
the local watering hole looking fnr a iew

IIIiIiIites allay lnirri the price of lame In
stead he opens the door In adventure but
then again that is nothing new inr .Ine lhe

usual assoittrrent nl losers. ['Ireteriders. and
out and ottl golddtggvrs are present With
the help of the stiinke-iIlII'Il air. vl'lL' llltl\\~r
past tlirs human mess to find a seat at the
lat end nl the bar

The bartender approaches witlr a speed
that would do any EiIItll proud "What will II
he mack. rye. gin. or Irraylre you would like
I‘liat wrll
cost you extra " All of which is said with
the polish of a prniessronal (even if his prn~
iessrnri is (“he friendship)

"I'll haw a 7&7; that's a Top With a
7-up chaser,"

“Run that past rrre agaiir Yotr want a
7&7. right?"

 

"You hit the trail right on its head. bud

 

Ily, What's a smart guy like you doing with
a Job like this." .loe's tnrigrte is iirinly in his
cheek. which as it turirs out is the only
reason that Joe isn't laughing in Iliis
clown's lace

The bartender looks at .Ine lot a couple
nf sectitttls reading his face (that's .loe's
lace) beinre he laughs "'l‘lIaI is a good
one. I'll have to ieriietnbr-i that one One
7&7 cnrrriirg up " l‘hank (ind fill the
IIIIIIIaIInIIs oi the lirrglisli language: this Is
one of those rare moments where Irnt Ire-
iiig understood rriay outweigh being
understood No matter. stupid )nkes
deserve the people that laugh at them.

/\ noise In my lelt caused my attention to
shift Itseli to the figure standing there It
Inrrlwd IIIII- any normal beIiuttlIil goddess.
nothing special (just wondering
evervtlitngs. if you get my dirit) Speaking
Iva-i Ionipletely out of the question One
has to save orie's brI'Iith sorrretitires
“\‘hltlt'S. the eyes and the Imagination was
all tlIat was needed Beautiful wnrnen ex-
pect a certain airioritit of male attention. I
just hoped I wasn't dreaming. It would be
a shame to waste srrclr a good nppnrtrinity
nir my’subcnnscrniis Instiiicltvely I began
to realize that this was riot an au rIlI-nt Men
are always Iiiiagtrrirrt things I tell myself
Her voice tells III a IlItiereIrI snrt oi reality.
hnwever.

' cuse me. I couldn't help but notice
that you were looking at me or at least you
secured In be looking III my direction,
Have we rrret before? I guess not. but you
sure seem familiar to me How about tak-
iirg me home and we can really get to know
otre another?H My ears are playing tricks on
me. or perhaps she is tryttig In play rue ior

 

 

“I think you’ve got your wires crossed,

lady. I’m not the one you want. 1 just

came in here to get away from the

problems of life. I’m certainly not

about to enter willingly (at least) into

any more hassles. It was sure nice of

you to think of me though.”

.. sassy-I“...

 

 

 

a trick. I‘ve got little or no desire to be
anybndy's “.lnhn". On the other hand. it
Would he a terrible loss to lirid Iin libido
cniiiirred In quarters. as it were

I suppose Iliat I should be tltatiklrrl iliat
you seem to be so interested in getting to
krinw me better Somehow. however. I get
the distinct impression tlral you're a work-
ing girl I'm also not in a position In corri-
pensate you lot yntrr efforts."

“ I akI- me home with you. all I want irorn
ynri is an erection worthy oi time arid toil.
Money will not prove to be necessary.
unless of course I leel the need to give you
some, I'm a woman who is used In gelling
what she wants. tonight I want you to 'ser-
vice rriy parts'. I certainly hope Iliat your
lint rairIroIl is tip inr some heavy-duty
work ”

“l tltiiik you‘ve got your wires I'rnw'd.
lady I'm not the one you want I just
came. In here to gel away from the pro<
blerns oi Irle I'm certainly Irnt about In
enter willingly (at least) into any more
hassles II was sure illth' of you III Iliiiik of
me tlrnugh " A night in bed with a
beautiful woman and I'm acting like a cold
fish Nobody worrld believe me. If I told
them (I don't even believe what I‘m doing)

1'” thank myself in the morning for doing
the right thing Women are not nbtects to
be used ior my sexual release But. I must
admit tltat a few trips around the li‘Itt’k-Willl
her's truly wouldn't be the worst thing that
ever happened to me.

"I hope you realize that playing hard In
get will only serve to increase my interest in
you, l'ni goiirg to go home with you
whether you like it nr‘ not. so you irright as
well agree to it now arid save us the hassle
of explaining our situation to the police
I'Irr sure they would be greatly amused. if
you try telling them the truth You are
mine. all mine." The gleam in her eyes
reveals the fact that this Ilanie's pleasure
comes iroirr controlling her sex partners.
Now that the tables were being turned
against me I'm IInt so sure that I want to be
bothered with this maniacal ierrrale and her
unusual sexual Iiabits.

“I take it that I'm supposed to agree In
the terms that you have just finished
stating. I‘m Iiot sure there is anything that l
cart do. You seems to have all the chips iii
this poker game The ball is in your court.
not mine. I must admit that at ilrst such air
idea as the one you have proposed would
riot have seemed so unreasonable. but
now due to circumstances within my con-
trol. I choose not to agree to anything that
you have asked. I'm willing to call your
bluil."

"I wasn't aware that I had left you with
that option at all. You are proving to be a
most worthy opponent. | see that you
have played this game more than (mug
yourseli. Most of the truys that look me up
ill?!dill'lrlvélllllll.III?Ill: I” I“ “I‘m”

Iind nl heat I
have been putting to your leel. I find a man

 

 

 

 

 

 

most attractive that know llII"
words and logic. Instead I I II'
mouth and or penis llas anal I:
told you that you are not rust ‘\ill|it

.loe. brtt a rather speI iIrl Irlit' ”
least what was passing lnr tI-.II I i. .
roll down III-r I'lrr'eks I was  ~r.
wItli her peIlIIrInanI e that on .I -I A

It). I would have to say rhar -.II. I I

least a 7 >8

"Anybody ever tell you that I.
go iriio the InnVII' business.) Yr a.
SogIIIltl at it ltt spite of your port»:
I'm still rrnt willing to become an:

vulved with you than I llI|\I'
Maybe you should speak
bartender. irniri what l've lII‘II
'gatlier' there seems In be some .II II
nri III the back room '-
prck up nrr what the cnrnplanri
‘wnnien have about Inert
vanres. Nobody likes in be lllItllt‘I
just a piece of meal. I was wInIIrr iiw
her as a piece of meat I
though. the thoughts that lll'l Itii' I: '
lugs to mind are ones that Itll‘ tltiiir I
by sexual themes What should I It “
iint that I'm disinterested. I'm in It It

can deal with the emotional iallnnt

is no liee lunch III lll|3~ u-nrld. II I III

with her. more questions IlIl' iIIIrI‘II‘
brought to the surface i_)lit"~lirrit-
thought I had come In llil's lIaI II I
about. for a iew hours lgness Ii to .-

In show. that yotr can't run auav III II..

II. I'm honest. r'eally honest “till it
what tlw hell do I want irnrn this \llllr'lr -

“.loe. what's wrong? Why don't r I-: w
me? All I want is that we get In ten-III I I
other better. Is that such a I'iiriII'. II II

"I'll be willing to consider anII |III In
but only on one condition. I Want it ‘i I I
tell me that you are willing to cnrrtinn- I 5b
your experiment. if it should turnout 'lnrt
rrrore than one evening's llllll' Is region It
I'm riot asking for forever. just for the lilttl’
it takes for us to get to know ear h Ullil‘l

“Joe. you've got yourseli a (II'III N
that we got that settled. can we get out III
here and iirid some place to get lll'lll'l .Ir
guainted."

Somehow. the hours upon the I In: II
move tlreIIrselves along with ‘JH‘tll case
So it was this evening. ior. marry lrnIrI‘I Hl
living had occured this niglrl When. luv
turned to get up. his anly told him It Ira».
slili ir‘om lack oi moverrieut .Ino lllttlllll‘l
to Iilrrrsell that life was strange in Its lllIlIIliI’l
"l Producing the answer In the very human
dilemmas of the (lay. III In this case night

l\v.r~. IIIIII

IttrI III

tIIttii

 

 

I'm going home. he lll‘tllit'illl. with wtth‘
wortiatl that looks like a goddess. and
sorriehow. the lacl that I don't knan III‘I
name bothers me more than llll' III-\rral
part. Men are strange and peculiar lu'ltttb
Give them wltal most men Irttlir’ ‘l""”“ "I
(what sortie men would tllt' or bill lttll and
they. meaning men. lose sight ni llil‘ old
sayliigabout horses and their rtrotttlis

  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

here Is no United States oi

America. It doesn't exist. The

United States is a concept reiiied
daily by a changing hands oi money.
goods. and comIrIoIlities. by miles oi
superhighway. runirtrrg water. building
constructir'rii. by daily confrontations. ent-
braces. snunds. and sighs III despair. ltr
three hours. three thousand miles passes as
does an exchange of a million ideas, Arid
ideas are the nrost important corrrinodity,
Money Is an idea. Love is an idea llourly.
people express love to each other in
America and no one stops to ask how
much. How much is your love for your
mate or child?’ How much does It weigh?
Of what dimensions is your love? Ii cori-
ceived of in its totality: all the emotions and
subsequent acts. all the ideas and realities
that interact on a day-today basis. it taken
trito account. staggers the irriagiuation. But
at the srme time. it transcends any notion
of city. county. state. principality. or court-
tiy. One thing's ior sure. though. It's bigger
than you are.

Bob O’Brian

There really is no New York. either. it's
not a city and certainly not a country. It's
art idea. With the exception oi Broadway.
Manhattan. iionr Washington Square in
Washington Heights is a matrix of lilies.
points. and right angles. of all the early
cities oi the northeast. New York remains
the most abstract. When compared to
Boston or Newport. New York seems the
product of icy calculation. Rockefeller
Center. for example. is something whose
totality can only be perceived at a distance,
At close range. it's a skating rink with a gold
cliei'ubim or Greek pretty boy hanging
overhead. but by the time you walk to Cen-
tral Park on Filth. the toll concept reveals
itself. In the middle of Manhattan Island.
with all the trappings of empire. lovingly
designed by Edward Durrell Stone. is a
shrine dedicated to the Rockefeller legacy
in line Ottoman tradition. And about a
quarter of it is owned by the French, From
that same vantage poltrt at Central Park.
the 'I'ishman Building with an imposing
(Ibo on its spire. glares down as a rerIIlIider
that New York is bigger than you are.

Walking up liiitlr Avenue. into the hits
and 70s. one is flanked on the right by
ar'ge apartment buildings. humbling in
their opulence. and Central Park on
the left. The contrast is signiiicant. On the
right is the Old World. made up of bricks.
mortar. gold. arid rliatrioiids. It's III/line.
On the left. irt all its ieudal splendor. is ilie
Forest. home of the peasants. In Central
Park there is a network III outlaws.
poachers. arid Irighwaymen. But it's riot in
be gloiliietl, Medieval laws stand between
the dittg dealing in the Park and the world-
nr'ouiid intrigue represented by the apart-
Inerit buildings on the t’lglll. Only laws
stipulate that the Central Park nocturnal
contingent canriol sell their wares on the
street without first paying tribute to the iiei
at City Hall. Only laws guarantee security
for high-level trafficking iii narcotics which
the police provide. oi course. because
there" much more money to be had when
a criminal element is created than when
concord reigns. Only laws distinguish bet-
ween the protection rackets oi the poor
and the lrigli~level extortion represented by
all taxes. insurance companies. banks. in-
vcstiirI-nt ﬁrms. and the whole abstract
systerrr. Laws-«the language of laws
pirrrislr. confound. and generally IIIIIIIiiIlate
those who don't play the game and
rewards those who converse freely in
Latin. l’renclr. (leiman. airrl especially the
language of law. Laws were created II-
keep the wealthy landed arid the print
Iltseiiiianchi. I. llut laws too are ideas

Dan Lynch's is a sir-any blues bar on Se-
coiirl Avenue between I'I.’tli and Illih
Streets. It's Lower Side cnlor Iin
cover. no tnitriiriuiit. and real R&ll every
night as hookers. pimps. transvestites. IIIIIi
junkies make their way in and out. Thank
God loi' Dan Lynch's. The music is.
without exception. played every night by
old black guys iir maroon polyester Jackets
and timed pants that the on courIIIit NYU
students who sometimes frequent the place
on a larlr Wouldn't be caught dead wearing
The guys have been playing this stttii for
twenty years or more and usually there's a

   

   

 

 

 

1
I

 

young willie kid with long hair on bass who
is honored III be among such company
llelore long. someone is talking about
Reaganorrrics and I break in just as they've
approached the subject of a balanced
budget. You know what the budget deiicit
really means. I assert It means that the
federal government doesn't work. It
doesn't Work under Reagan. but it didn't
work under Carter either. or under Nixon.
Ford. Johnson. or Kennedy The federal
government simply doesn‘t work Aggres»
sion mounts and a bottle may go flying
overhead very shortly.

Liptoer to trlst and lst. still on the East
Side. Dangerlield's is belore its. llut it's not
a comedy showcase It's a dimly lit
nightclub where the entertainment is two

 

 

 

 

wired IrIttstciaris— a stand up bass and a
piano. plus a wellsbuilt black chick who tells
bawdy jokes between songs to a crowd of
blue-suited old men closing deals wrllr their
clients from l)etrnil or getting their babes
drunk so they can take them back to the
Martini and fuck 'em without their wtves
finding out that Is special Four Canadians
in denim cnrrrplarii about the check. saying
that. I swear to (3nd. they could btry a case
nl beer for that price I could kiss them

All the fragments oi the evening fade in
In a montage and all is well No one I've
met knows or cares that lllt' cotnnuter ts
going to make their lives nlisolete lint nrie
Is concerned that what they read In the
papers and watch nrr 'I'V Is propaganda

he Strip Is Hot

ny .atn I glad I came home"

l’i'Iends lnnk bewildered as I

answer their familiar. "this must
be a l(‘lllll\Vll from Europe." where I spent
last teiiir. Au contr’alrel rltist Ilrtnk for a mo-
nrent 7 Albany. which already houses the
seat oi power oi NY, State. Is last ltl'l'UIth
ing the entertainment capital of upstate
New York. First there is ‘iii‘ll’l' on l.aik St
lake the all says. “N Y.(T has C ll (3 ll '5
and Iiow Albany has IwIreiglityx-Ight.u a
baratnne I'sI‘lIIiirrs. ‘I'lren we find out
SUNY at Albariy is going Division | in
spnrts » yes our humble space center is gn
Ing big tiiriel'.’ To round out this cirlttrral
revolution Albarry has recently been graced
by its (list iIinrnv»type comedy club The
(‘iitiiii‘ Hook

Lee Greenstein

ll those lirsl two tidbits of fantasy Iln not
satisfy the eager entertainment seeker. the
latter is honestly a refreshing bit of realism
'l‘lrinugli a stroke III entiepeneurtng
genius. 'l‘he (‘oirric llnnk was created by a
pair of SIINYA students. Larry III-ck and
Larry WI'issmainI. to fill a void in the
(.‘apital District's nightlife The second of a
series of 'l'ltnisrlay night shows was a sucr
cess as It entertained a packed hniisII with
quality I'Iririedians and a IIue-tn-liie
N Y (I. Iitirins'pheie

The atmosphere was the key as the au-
dience seemed III have the same expecta»
lions as l. The crowd was responsive and
appi't iative as well as abusive. and obnox-
ious. For as we all kirow. it Is as good a
time to see an ace bomb as it is to set.- one

 

succeed. ‘
None of the three corrierlians ~ breve

 

 

 

. __
Moi-k HcliI/I. one oi tlir'r'r' I'nriiics iris! ll't't

til the ilt'li' Comic Slit).

 

 

Shaffer. Mark Schrli. and Joe Bolster
could. however. be relrrrred to as lailures‘.
but each had his Iirnirreuts ni weakness
The least of which occurred during MI
Scliifl's periniriranre (who became an even
bigger hero ni mine on 'l'ut'sday night's
liavrd Letterman Show) llis comedy is
energetic and iron-stop. It is this energy
that carries Ilirouglr his not-so-iunny
trIoIiients arid make his good routines
Irprnarious. From his bit about Chinese
waiters always rushing. to his iIrritattoIr of
everyone who has called in. not sick. but
dead to work. his errrpathic humor was
most enjoyable.

(Please make note: while assessing this

I

 

perspccﬂveo

ThrOes: New York Before The War, Pt'.2

  

No one considers tltat in the land of the
[tee yan Iannnt be hospitalized without los-
ing yoiit shirt and In the home of the brave.
less than a lractrnn nl nrw percent of the in»
Iligenous population is still livrng No one
wants to hear that a revolution means an
t’tillll‘ change IIi Innsctnusiwss and Iliat
they may be inle out onto the street with
the I tillslllllt‘l IlIIIabII's nr abandoned like a
"(I7 ('helv No one Ilinrbs great heights to
witness ihe \vhniv mosaic. New York. itr
iaIt the maid IrnIII nu litgli No one can
pl'lL'L‘|\\‘ the bulge oi the earth as the net-
Ivnrk ni lll'Iiltll' paper. and ItlL’dS shrinks
and drunks. IIII-rI bends with the round-
ness of the globe No one takes the time to
Ill tually IIIIIsIIlI-I the whole tiring itr Its
L’SM’IILI' Nirlrllt' lllllll Illlu’

assessment ni lllt' Iriraltty ol the evenings
lIunIni plIIauI' I I Ilisltlr'i tliat l't)llll,’Lly is. like
innsi art it IrIIrs \tll‘lt'l in e l'lus the fact that
the said \llllt inbiect to \'IllitI|i>
substances that might hate aItI‘rI-d his sub
)ectivtty )

.lne linlstI-I inn Is II nntenniihy talent
Making the Iiimt III a \IIIatrlv audience Mt‘
IlolstI-i “as a toy III: to inllnw as I
paraphrase

ll‘lli'll your lltl\l" sliIrIis-r‘lurl Ilnd
cutcliI's L‘ttll Iil‘lttiil In the morning Ii‘yliig It
20 lb (IIIuI'II ftl'ht'l.‘ and says. ‘you hopped
np‘I' I‘nrru' nu it'll. you're hopped up. . .i'iir
Ito Iitrtitrrry ,lUIUII‘ II III-Ii -.I IIrrI'IrIIIly Is Irnp‘
tied up rcr'x lltllll'L‘ you II' kid Is ltnppctl
‘ip
N'ad biit true this made my night

blew Slialir'i the I'IIII'I'I'. prntided the
IrtiIliI'tII t‘ \IIIII the real feel of a ltle show
llis vulnerable ]\rI\ililitI helped portray a
drowning Iiian in all iatiiivss Ilrniigli Ire
shnwed marry Ilaslws of brilliance "We
played a game ('(lfll'tf guess who?’ We'd

IKIIH

'srnrikc an ounce oi Ilripe. sorric'body

would leave lllt' room and we'd guess
ll'lltt "

Iiaclr cninic was granted the pleasant gift
ol ianriliarrty as the l..l crowd dominated
the room The homogeneity of the au-
IlieIiccI was evident as popular lrecklers
were greeted with iiieirdly cheers.
Although a good time was had by all. this
detracted irorrr the ‘rrlrtb' atmosphere and
likened it more it) a high school talent

show

Overall the night was a success and the
club will soon be one too. The operation
seems to be one oi class and dignity and
one that will provide new and innovative
comedy ior sortie time. Good luck iellasl l]

 

 

‘Iinm'ccn> in

 

 

 

 

  
  
 
 
  

