_,  ALBANY. STUDENT PRESS El DECEMBER 6.1m,

 swimmers take taurth atM'cGiIl Invitational

By Adam Goodman
smrr WRITER
The Albany State men's swim
team competed this past weekend in
Canada, ﬁnishing fourth in an
I eleven team field at the MeGill in-
vitational.

McGill Was not a very gracious
host, as they racked up 253 points
en route to the victory. St.
Lawrence ﬁnished second with.l72
points, 59 points ahead of third
place St. Lawrence. Albany finish-
ed fourth with 66 points, with 0t-
tawa finishing fifth with 59 points.

“a

 

UPS

The men’s swimming team turned In a fourth place showing at the
eleven-team McGlli (Invitational this weekend.

 

075- plus drposir
1 on. on non

atqulan and
suqut fur

4" Illqll orient

ll/IIIIlllll\\\\\\\

l

Vermont, Sherbrooke, Queens Col-
lege, John Abbot. Montreal, and
Clarkson rounded ottt the field in
that order. .

For the Danes, it was a day of fun
and experimentation. Since the
meet had no bearing on Albany‘s
dual meet record, Coach .loe Shore
managed to take a look at some
swimmers in certain roles that they
were previously unaccostomed to,
while still keeping his squad com-
petitive. Of course, the mainstays
of the Albany squad all had good
times for this time in the season.

.leffKettnedy had another good
day, finishing second in. the
400-yard individual medley, and.
losing by only .4 seconds. He also
took part in the 400-yard medley
relay, which finished fourth with an
impressive time of 3:57.88, and in
the 400-yard freestyle relay, where
his split time was his season best.

Behind Kennedy in the 400 in-
dividual medley was Ted Ober. with
a good time of 4:59.95, to round
out Albany‘s best race of the day.
Bill Meier swam a seasonal best in
the butterﬂy leg of the 400-yard
medley relay, as well as a personal
best in the 800-yard freestyle relay.

Other seasonal bests-were turned
in by Mike Wright, with a split time
of 52.94 in the 400-free relay, and
Wayne Barr in both the
l00-butterflytl:04.5) and in the
ZOO-free (2204.9).

Coach Shore also noted the times
of Frank Cawley (l9:l3.0) and
Frank Parker 09:19.68) in the
grueling i650-yard freestyle, and
Caleb Shulmatt’s time in the 200
butterﬂy(3:29.35), good enough for
third place.

As far as the Danes' overall per-
formance goes. their fourth place
finish must be taken in perspective.

Coach Shore in many cases placed
many of his swimmers in races other
than their strongest ones, so as to
avoid emotional burnout and keep
the swimmers excited about their
best race for the big meets.

“l’m very pleased with our show-
ing. We had alot of people irt dif-
ferent places...but we got many im-
proved times," said Shore.
POOLSIDE NOTES:AIbany hosts
RPI at University Gym this
Wednesday afternoon at 4:00 pm.
RF] is a very strong team, and a
very big rival of Albany...Albany
swimmers will arrive in Albany two
weeks early from winter break to
engage iii an intensive training pro-
gram, which Shore thinks will
drastically improve many of the
times. He noted though that the
times so far have been unusually
good for this early stage lit the
season. ill

Danes knock out Patriots, 70-68

<Back Page

The Patriots trradc the most of
this gift. Attgrtttn hit a shot which
sent both teams to their respective
Ioekcrrooms with Albany in front,
34-30.

The first 8:03 of the second half
was relatively uneventful. Except
for an occasional flash of brilliance
like Ursprung‘s allcy-oop pass to
Thomas, who banked in the ﬁve
foot chip shot botlt teams basically
traded baskets. Then came Satur-
day Night at the Fights, with the
Dartcs winning on points, 70-68.

HOOP-LA: The Danes had a very
balanced scoring attack with four

players hitting for double figures:
Ursprung 10, Thomas 10, Adam 10,
and game high scorer Croutier who
poured in 21...ln the first half
Stony Brook shot It foul shots to
none for Albany...Croutler led the
Danes with 11 assists, making him
responsible for 43 of the Danes 70
polnts...Greg Hart has yet to com-
mit a turnover in a regular season
game so far this season...Mike
Pocynlyluk and the Orteonta Red
Dragons will make their way into
University Gym tomorrow night,
and this signals the opening of the
Danes 1983-1984 conferrtece
schedule...The game wlll be broad-
cast live on 9! FM WCDB beginn-
ing at 7:50 pm. with broadcasters
Ron Fried and Adam Goodman. El

llllllll'llllllll Hill I illlllllllllllllllllllll lllll.

ll‘

 'Stewamt’s ".

we we ( insert to you

weekly specials fort

(onmn ouail 8t waxltimﬁon, albwy, N)

OR

vanilla

dECEMbER 5-] l

“,4”.
ii".
tgtrgt
lilililt
lttttgtltrt
lililitlilii

MANy happy ltt trams

ice CREAM

qul-tT ‘
owl

cup of coffee

and A scoop
of you favonin
ice (new in l‘l’.
rug. 49 CENTS

5‘.

ROBERT LUCEV UPS
The Albany-Stony Brook game
had its share at rough play.

- plus wt

TREAT
A iniervd.’

second is

t

paice!

 

' By Perry Tlsehler
STAFF WRITER

The fast-improving Albany State women‘s
basketball team upped their record to 3.3
with a 66-53 romp over Oswego last Thurs-
day and a strong performance in the Manhat-
tanville Tourney this past weekend.

Coach Mari Warner's Danes overwhelmed
Oswego with a blistering attack of superb
outside shooting and an aggressive box-and-
one defense. Floor general Ronnie Patterson
led the Danes with a 2l-point performance in
which she connected on to of it shots from
the floor for an astounding 9] percent. Co-
bttckcourt starter Rainny Lesane hit for 13
points to help the Danes record their first vic-
tory since November l9. Coach Warner cites
this game as a turning point in the season.

"We really came together. Our superb out-
side shooting allowed our inside game to
ﬂourish,” stated Warner. And ﬂourish it
did. Forward Kim Kosalek hit for 9 points
and grabbed l0 rebounds and teamed with
sophomore Jean Pollack to stop a potent
Oswego inside game.

Oswego standout Linda Deryke, who is
normally good for 13-15 points a game and
double figures in rebounds, was ineffective
against Pollock's and Kosaiek‘s box-and-one
defense. She was held to 9 points and was not
a factor on the boards. Things got better
from there.

The revitalized Danes headed for the fifth
annual Manhattanville Tournament on
Saturday attd left with an impressive second
place fittish.

Round one pitted the Danes against art ag-
grcssive host in Manhattanville. Despite tr
poor shooting performance against a good
team, Albany's aggressive defense ltcld on
for a 44-42 victory.

The learn as a whole connected on 18 shots

. out of 60 for a woeful 30 percent. Patterson

paved the way with 21 points attd was closely
followed by Lcsane, who turned in an all-
around impressive performance. Along witlt
her 14 points and eight rebounds, Lcsanc also
swiped ten steals, which was the same

"amount as the whole Manhattanville learn.
,Coach Warner was quick to comrtrcrtt, "We

 

DECEMBER 421983 a ALBANY STUDENT RREss  27

Women ‘cagers place second at Manhattanville

 

 

Forward Peg Squazzo disltcs off in the women's basketball team’s win over Oswego last
Tltursday night in the University Gym. This past weekend, the Danes travelled to
Manhattanville Tourney where they beat Manhattenville and St. Francis.

 

 

 

cxpcctcd it very physical team and we got
one. All orrr girls plztyctl r 't’lll)’ well despite
our poor shooting."

Pounding down low wcrc ccntcr Nancy
(it'lrsso. Kosalck, :lnd Pollack. i’ollack grub-
bcd eight rcltourrds and was also helped by
5'6" Chris (‘unutttu who boxed out ltcr rnuclr
taller opponents. Round ttto saw tltc roll-
ing Duncy rrtcct llllttcil, one of tire toughcst
tcttnrs they will lime to utcct this season. l‘hc
strong and physical lthttctt aphid grabbed it
t‘t7»4() \ ictory to pltrcc first itt tltc tourney.

lrt lltc first half. Albany kcpt irt tcrrrpo willr
ltltucrt by applying thcir aggressive dcfcnsc.
They had even closed to within 5 points

before tltc lrall' cttdcd witlr lthaczr up 33.25,
Tilt: second half was a much different story
Led by Jcan Johnston's 1‘) points and 9 re-
bounds. and Tracy Olsen's 13 points. lthac;
worc Albany dowrt and with 9 minutes to go,
put tltc gtrtrtc ortt of r ‘aclt.

Conch Warner was not dissappoiutcd.
"We played a very good first half and were irt
it trntil tltc final minutes. They are a fast and
physical team wlto dcscrtcd to will."

The Manhattanville Tourney is new to
(‘otrclt Warner‘s squtrd. This \'ll.\ their first
year attd they quickly earned rcspcct by
It ~tttingoul Manlurltanyillc arid St. Francis, a

ten MARUSSICH ops
Division l School. it was also ttcw to Albany
to play iii the southern part of the slate.
Albany's winning ways are starting to
leilll‘lC known Sltllc<\\‘ltlc.

An assessment of the season so fur and to
come can best be summed up by Coach
Warner: “We got off to a slow start with otrr
losses to Rl'l ttnd ()nconttt but we keep on
improving every game. I‘m r 'ally looking
forward to ottr upcoming games against New

Pall], (‘lttrksotL and Potsdam. We really
should irttprovc on ottr .l-Il record." From
the looks ol'tlrirtgs, tltcy should luryc no trott-
ble.

JV Danes beat Williams, West Point to go 6-0

By Dean Chan

EDITORIAL ASS/STA
M
Visions of perfection must be dancing
through the heads of a few mcntbcrs of the
Albany State men's junior varsity basketball
team. Allow them this indulgence: after
defeating Williams 91-86 Saturday after-
noon, the Danes improved their rccord to
Tire high-scoring battle featured accurate
shooting from both sides; both teams shot
over 50 percent from the field. The key to
Albany‘s success was the power underneath.

From the Editors

During a sports season a bitter rivalry
usttally results in a hard-fought battle on
the field and unfriendly feelings off the
field. When talking about Albany State attd
Union College, one immediately thinks of
tlrrs word “rivalry,” and how badly ortc
teatrr wants to beat the other.

The Albany—Union football game has
become a ltiglt point of tire season for both
schools over the past few years, and this
Year was no exception, as tltc Dutchmen
handed the Danes a tough 24A7 defeat on
then way to a 9-] regular season record.

lint while many Great Dane fans may
havellikcd nothing more than to set: Union
I959 In the final minutes of Saturday's divi-
sron lll championship gantc, we feel that
Congratulations are in order.

On their way to the finals they an-
nihilated a talented Hofstra team 5l-l9 in
"1° cluarterl‘tnais and gutted out a 23-2t win
Over Salisbury State in the semifinals. Both
of these games came on the road; both
dlssi’clled any doubts about whether or not

 

x

The Danes \vcr‘ able to keep Williams front
getting follow-up shots off the boards.

Co-captain Chris Jones was largely rcpon-
siblc for this dominance: ltc snared l3 rc-
bounds, six of them on tltc offensive boards.
“Since l was a force down low, Williams kept
on fotrlittg me," said Jones. He made 9 of [0
free throws ill the first half.

ltt tltc first half, tltc [Juries were unable to
stop Williants' offensive attack. When
Albany went to a rttan-to-ntan defense,
Williams would just pick-and-roll their way
to open jumpers. Thc full-court press was
equally incffcctivc, so Head Coach .iittt

the Dutchmen deserved to make tltc
NCAAS, as did lite championship game.
The Dutchmen displayed tremendous
courage, pride and determination itt gettitrg
to tire Amos Alomo Stagg Bowl Saturday.
For three quarters they dominated an
Augustautt team that had gone ll-() this
season and was making tlrcir second
straight appearance irt tltc cllttlltpiotlslrip
came before losing by it final score of 21- l 7.

An added burden on tltc tcum's shoulders
is tltc fact that Union is presently right irt
the middle of their final cxtttns. To be able
to excel on the athletic field while at tltc
satire tintc keeping up irr their academic pur-
suits is a credit to the athletes.

Tire Sports staff ltcrc at the ASP would
like to commend Head Coach Al liagrtoli
and the Union football learn for their fine
showing on Salrtrday and their I983 season
as a whole. Wltile we are overjoyed arty
time Albany beats Union. we are not so
one-sided that we can’t recognize a truly
outstanding achievement.

-——Tom Kacandes and Mark Levine

 

Boland knew that it was time for a change.
“When we switched to a 3-2 /.onc itt tltc se—
cond half, the complexion of the game
changed,“ said lloland. “They tried to at-
tack the zonc, but they ran into trouble."

Williattts decided to hold the ball outside
so that the Danes would ltavc to conic out
and play lltcnt ntan-to-nran. That strategy led
to turnovers. Albany ltrrncd a three-point
ltalttune advantage into a l2-point cusltion
witltin the first tltrcc minutes of the second
half.

Despite the fine defensch work. there was
no question that this gatttc was won with of-
fense. Co-captain Duane Corlcy dished off
six assists and shot 8-ll from the floor for 22
points; Jones finished with 21 points making
six of his trinc field goal attempts. Andy
O‘Connell and Curtis ()livcr each had l7
points.

Once again the Danes were inconsistent.
After it slow start, the team came on strongly
near the end of the first half and carried it to
tltc start of tire sccond lutlf. Tlrcrt another lttll
followed.

“What‘s important is that the learn pro-
duccs at critical times," said liolund. “When
we‘re down. tltc players listen to what I have
to any urtd cvcntually conic back."

On 'l'lutrsduy, the Danes traveled to West
Point and bctrl Army. 63—57. "the terror
predictably catttc ortl cold and found
themselves down 9-0 after the first few
ttrinutes of play. “Playing on lltc road
makes it harder for us to start quickly.“ said
Jones. “Sometimes it takes it while for us to
get untracked."

Army plays a physical game; all they ever
want to do is get tltc bull inside and power it
up. They stayed true to form against the
Danes. ltt tlte second ltalf. tlte Danes saggcd
in on defense and gave Army tlte outside
shot. These shots went untaken. "They kept
on forcing the ball inside," said Boland.
“We were sagging in and they never ad‘

jttsted."

Nor could tltcy handle the Danes’ ftt|l~
court press. “Our press worked very well."
said O’Connell. "They were just lhrowittg
the ball away when we pressured them."
Unlike the Williams game, this victory must
be credited to the defense.

On offense, the Danes were less than spec-
tacular. Army played a good man-lo-ntan
defense which caused the Danes to play a lit-
tle onc-on-one on offense. "We shouldn't
get into that one-on-otre thing," said Boland.
“No matter what defense we‘re up against,
we should always try to stay within the con-
text of our game plan."

Despite being bigger. Army didn‘t
dominate underneath. “i felt that i could
score almost at will inside," said Jones. “in
the second half, we attacked lltcir defense
and got tltc ball inside."

O'Connell played one of his best all»
around games and finished with it season~
high 20 points “Andy drowctl that he‘s more
than just tr shooter.“ said littland. "He
didn't have a gt'cat day front lllL‘ pcritnctcr.
bttt be crushed the boards utrd still came up
with 20 points." ()litct‘ threw ill I] pttillh
while Jones chipped irt ll.

“Wc‘yc bccrt down by l7 to Schenectady
and by tritrc to built Williams and \\'c\t
i’oint," lioland pointed ortt. “These guys
don't quit.“

Perhaps the strcaky Danes will play a solid
40 tttiruues of lttrskctlntll itt their ltotlt.‘
opcncr a t Oneonltt on Wednesday. If
things stztytructo fornr, don‘t bet on it. I 2

RIM SHOTS: The Dunes shot a sub-par 57
percent from the line against Army (22-39).
Jones was one of the main culprits, shooting
4-9...Agalttst Williams, Kevin Mann, O‘Con-
nell and Oliver gathered seven, six and five
rebounds, respectively...Seott Neumarrn
fouled out of both games.

 

