 

 

 

 

 

autumn“. .

 

 

 

...m” '" ‘ ~‘Iﬁﬁvr'4a t?

's... s. ...

 

new—s- ..-

ﬁrst"me »;

  

 

r. .4.

1' >49»: ,.:

s

"us—sue.

.-.-I_._‘V‘

 

 

 

FEBR UAR Y II, I983

Croutier’s shot sends Danes to the SUNYACs

By Marc Schwarz
min I III \I'Hltls r Ill/UN

Dan Croutit. l0-t'oot basket at tltc
buzzer clinched a SUNYAC playoff spot
for tire Albany State Great Danes and gave
them a 59-57 victory over the Platts’burgh
Cardinals. Wednesday ttigltt in University
Gym.

Tire shot witlt no titnc left on tlte clock ltit
nothing bttt tlte bottom of tire rtet and set
off a celebration on tile cottrt and iii tltc
stands. The win guaranteed the Danes a
berth irt the SUNYACs for the fourth con-
sectttite year attd gave llcttd Coach Dick
Sancrs his 28th straight winning settsort.

After'ttaillrtg for rttost of the gatttc.
Albany tottk tltc lead 55:54 witlt 1.55 t‘e-
mainittg on a sltlt.’ jumper by Wilson

l'hornas. lltc |).tttcs irrctcased their lead to
three as (, routict ltit two free throws witlt
lzll left. .\ steal by lltorrtas on the otltcr
end of tire court led to the foul on Crotttiet
by Mark Sattstilli. 'lhc sopltotrrore guard
calmly sattk hotlt ends ot the ortc tltttlrttllc.

lite Danes came rrp witlt anotth big
defensive play wltetr ('routtcr iorccd :1 till-
noscr by the (‘ardinals‘ .Iim Mattiatis. .lttlttt
l)icckeltnan picked up tltc loose ball artd
scrtt an otrtlet pass to Thomas. llowetet
Thomas was called for art ot'fcrtsite charge
witlt 37 seconds remaining. tctttrrrittg tlte

ball to l’ittttsbtttglt.

Following a missed sltot by Pat Mc(iirttt.
Maniatis converted the rcbottnd ittto two
points and was fouled on the play by
Dieckelman. fhe freshman went tothe lirte
witlt a chance to tie tlte game at 57 witlt 24
seconds remaining irt regulation.’ Hatters
called a tirncotrt to rattle Maniatis and set
up a play for the gattte wittrrirrg sitot.
Maniatis connected on tlte free throw and
tire Duties drove down tlte floor with one
final chance to pttll ol'l' tlte victory without
goirtg t0 ovcrtitttc.

Dieckeltnan looked to take the shot brtt
passed off to Crottlier on the left flank witlt
three secortds left. The 5'7" backcourt man
took ortc dribble and arccd tltc game winn-

 

ing shot over the outstretclted arms of Plat-
tsburgh's Jeff Law.

“We ran the fist play, it broke up in the
end though. I was hoping eltlter JD. Mike
or me would take the shot." Croutier said.
“Two men converged on Joint. i just took
the quick dribble, sort of slipped on the way
up, brrt it went in."

"I tltottgltt the gatttc was going ittto over-
time when l saw Danny slip. bttt when it
was up. I knew we won." Dicckclman said.
"He makes things happen. I wanted to get
ltittt the brill."

Cronticr itad lost a contact lerts two
minutes irtto the game. Following a sligltt
deltty. otte of the l’ltttlsbttrgh assistant
coaches located the lcrts on the floor ttrtd
Crorttict was secitrg cl 'ar again.

"it‘s a good tltittg he picked up that co -
tact lens." Sauers said. “I'm glad to get otrt
of tltete. We tried to rtttt a set play. that
was a pretty good shot. for a little gtty ltc
ptrt a lot of arc ittto it."‘

” l ltat sltot will give tltcrrt some con»
t'iderrce. | tlrirtk that‘s going to get tltettt on
tlreit way." \arrcrs added. “()ur dcstirty is
up to its. \\’e cart beat anyone itt the
SllNi'At s. lirat is ottt ticket to the
N(‘/\/\'s."

Albany crttcred tlte game krrowirtg a vic-
tory ovcr tltiit HUNY-I-Iast rivals would
scctttc them a place itr the playoffs. The
Cardinals kttew they had to defeat Albarty
attd wirt the retnaittder of their cortfcrertcc
games to gain a spot iii the tournament.

The lad cltattged hands several titncs irt
the first tett rtritttttes of tire first half.
McUinn's basket ltalfway irt. grtve the Cat'-
dirtals a lead they would hold for tire rest of
the trail. llehind the shooting of Martintis
arid l’aul (tlodis. the second leading scorer
iii the SUNYAC. l’lattsburgh built leads of
eigltt and tcrt points: (iiodis had it) poittts
arid Mattiatis nine in the first 20 :trinutes.

Albatty lacked offensive and defensive
ittlcrtsity for most of the ltttlf. The Danes
rec red their ortly spat ks ftorn Dicekelman
and Thomas. l)iceke|man.tlrc lcadirtg
scorer lit the SUNYAC. scored ll points itt

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ALAN CALEM UPS

Dan Croutler hit a last secondlump shot against Plattsbur h to l'
t
send his team to the SUNYAC playoffs. 9 w n he game and

the rust hall atrd grabbed nirtc rebounds
dttrittg that span. the senior ctr-captain
finished the gatttc with iii poittts attd is re-
bounds. Thomas had nine points artd six re-

bounds irt the first ltalf.

Mike (ittltt) with four artd a half rnintrtes
left iii the half. His defensive play enabled
Albany to close the 33-23 gap to a 35-32
halftime score itt favor of the Cardinals.
“Turnovers. l was thinking defense. l'm

Forward Riclt Hay entered the game for 11»

 

 

liy Marc ilaspel

\l'ttkHIll/IUN

Sometimes the quietest sources have a way

determined three-year \ctcran. 'l'homas
dc\cloped into one of the undeniable stars o
Great Danes.

“I think tlte progress he has tttadc was int

lie was on the All-'lottrrtarnertt team. that
that nobody wottld hate bet a ttickel on,“
head coach |)ick Sauets.

" that learning Capital District All-

l'homas. “It was a little bit better than that .I
Illtll .l.\'. trophy was awarded to lhoma

ltcslunan year. lhontas was chosen .\it

I'lascr by his teammates utter lending tltettt

mt.- llt.‘llltl1t|! Hit A. .tetit run he stillllhill}!

basketball.
“I think it was lost eettrrre tiltt‘-tltt' titnc ittt

dominant forces. In the case of 6‘4" forward Wilson
lltorttas. those words couldn‘t be tttore ttpptttpt’ittlc. A

Capital District 'l'otttttamcnt at the opening ot the seasott.

said I'ltotuas‘

honors) was one of the best things I got so tar.

ago tot his outstanding pct fortttattccs on tile squad itt his

lint ltltllt' tttrpottattt lot lltorttas. hc bccartrc atclitttatcd

lit the Snow system or :\lb‘.trt\ basketball. l'or arr irrcortt

llL't'tlt'ti to get titlllttit'tl to the lit'ttls ot plasirry college

Wilson Thomas: Quietly emerging into a star

 

ofltccorning
has qttictly
I' the l‘)lt2<t(_‘t
licated lit the
's something
fournarncttt
" said

.\’. trophy."
s tlttce years

 

ist-\"alttablc»
irr scoring.

attd ttrrrc ts *

lrc tttst year.

 

  

[got a lot ol c\[tti‘.ttlt :rttrl k'tllk.'l|l.'”kk' p|.'t\rrut l,\’, bull.
We were learning: the sun-r tlrmg that the \.trstty was. l
or my with the \.u srt'. .tllti \\k ttsctl to do the
.u. on l,\'..‘ stud llrotnas.

 
 
 
  

varsity and thc iuttior \ttt'stty iIt fact .rltct those junior
\atsity t'ttttics that prececdcd tltc \ttrsity contests, 'l itotttas
would simply change his jersey artd head back ottto the
court as a trrerttlrer ol the varsity while the rest of his
junior varsity teammates were irt the showers.

UH“ W“ lil'ls' tililiuut time on the varsity. but traveled

 

 

wtlll them when lltc .l.V.'s didn't ltavc a game." Saucrs

thotnas spent that lltsl _\cat splitting tittrc bctwcctt Ihc

 

 

 

 

ALAN CALEM UPS
In three seasons of wearing a Great Dane unllorm,
Wllson Thomas has become a dominant lorce.

tecallcd.

During his sophomore year, Thomas tttadc the jttrnp to
varsity on a permattcttt basis. lie was used rrtttittly as Mike
(iatto's backup. shooting arotttrd the perimeter. He also
saw some little as a postman irt Albany‘s traditional dou-
ble postman offense. ,

“When you‘re ctttttirtg off the bcttcit. yotr scc w hat you
lutve to do becattse yott know who you‘re coming itr for
attd what you're eotttirtg in for." said Thomas. who
averaged approximately sis‘ tnittutcs per game that year.

if there was one thing lacking itt his play. it was ag-
grcssivcness. Thomas had the si/c arid strength. brrt was
rtot piayittg with the proper irrtcttsity. So, last strmrttcr
lirotrtas went to l’ttct'to Rico to practice with the San (.ier-
rtratr tcarrt. a connection his father helped make.

“i couldn't get to play becatrsc you had to be a player
before a certain academic deadline. It was harder corri-
petition. l was playing against bigger guys than I was. It
tttakcs yott be a stronger player. it was real physical a
lot of fighting dowtt tltct'c. ’l'hotttas described. “After
graduation l ltopc to go dowtt there arid play.“

“He needs to play attotltcr season betwccrr seasons (in
l’uctto Ricot." said S'aucts. "l lc doesn‘t ktrow how
stt ottg he is attd how to use his physical attributes yet; he's
inst learning how to use them.“

One ol lhotttas' bcst attributes is his leaping ability. He
is by for tire best itttttpet on the learn attd ottcn when the
opportunity presents itself he uses that ability to jam the
ball through the hoop with a dunk.

"I like to tlo it. if the opportunity is tltctc l‘ll do it btttl
don't try it cvcrytitne.“ ‘l horuas said.

"A stttll' at the right titttc itt a game cart reallych the
crotvd into a game and motivate a team.“ said Sancts.
"l lc already had tirade more stuffs than arty one in
Albatty history. He should add to that. He should itave a
cottple of tltcttt a game."

As Thomas corrtittttcs his dcyelopmcnt, otte area wltere
he'll need to work is his concentration. according to

11>

 

 

 

1.

f».

VOLUME LXX

 

 

 

 

 

 

r . "Jana.

PUBLISHED AT THE STATE UNIVERSITY OF NEW YORK AT ALBANY BY THE ALBANY ST

Tuesday

February 15, 1983

ALBANY
STUDENT
PRESS

UDENT PRESS CORPORA TION

NUMBER 6

 

 

Fire blazes on
Madison as six
students watch
homes burned

 

By Anthony Sllber
I'll/HINDI I. zlYS'Ih I'rlNl'

Six SUNYA stttdettts attd ill otlters were
left ltorttciess when a three-alarm lire swept
through five Madison Avenue houses
Wednesday rtiglrt.

The students said that the blaze started in
the uparttttcrtt adjacent to theirs at 383
Madison Averttte. Students Jennifer Rai
Schmal/ said that site attd two hotrsctttates
who were itortte at tltc Iittte smelled smoke
ttrtd located it corrtitrg ittto tlte apartment
frortt the floor behind their sofa.

They tried to ptrt it ottt. she said. by
potrring a part of water on it. bill that was
unsttcccssl'ul.

Accordittg to Hchmalz's ltottscttttttc.
Daniel l.utic. the roortt filled with smoke
within one tttirttrtc. “l rerrtetnbcrcd the old
sayirtg about staying low." ltc said. "and
we grabbed otrr shoes and coats and got
out."

All occupants of the buildings were
cvacttated safely.

Albany fire chief Forrest llruce said the
blaze started lit the kilclten of an apartment
occupied by Cltarlottc Angel. and the first
alarm was called at 7:l0 p.m. Deputy Citief
.loltrt Morart was qttoted as saying tltc fire
was l‘fully involved when we got there. It
was a fire that was out of ltartd when we at»
rived."

Tire second alarrtt was called moments
after the first and. as high winds whipped
up the fire and s‘ub«zcro temperatures
stytrtied the firefighters. a third alarrtt was
called ttt 9:i5 p.m.

Four fireman were injttred in accidents
caused by the thick ice which formed on the
equipment and in the streets.

The two-story buildings at 383 and 383V:
were lteavily damaged while 379. 38”. and
385 Madison Ave. sustained less severe
damage front tire, smoke. and water.

According to Lurie. firefighters respond-
ed rapidly. bttt were ltatnpcrcd by the fact
that llrcrc are no fire hydrants on Garden
Alley. tltc street behind the gull'ed
buildings. “Tire trtrcks were all on Madison
Avenue." lte said. “and had to get water
fortrt Dove St. Had they been able to get
ortto Crarden Alley. they could ltave ptrt ottt
the fire trttrclt faster."

Schwartz said that the titrcc students who
were ltortte at the tirncilttrie. Regina
Smyth. and site--—wcre irt a bit of shock.
“We ran around with ortr jackets open and
did not even feel tltc cold." site said. "i
almost cried when the the hit ortr side of the
building.“ The other students who lived irt
the house lnrt were not ltorrre at tlte tirrtc of
the fire are Terry l.cykis. Mari Martirts.
artd David (.‘riswell.

Ltrric artd Selnnalz ltad effusive praise for
their neighbors and the Red Cross for the
help they offered dtrrirtg lite fire. “The Red
Cross is wonderful," l.uric said. “They rrtet
us at the scene. gave trs advice and comfort.
arid rttortcy for clothing and food." The
nearby (lentini Jazz (Safe set rrp a rest sta—
tiott trrtd had the occttpartts arid the
firefighters in for coffee. “.iaek O‘Connell.
the owner. was incredible." said Schntalz.
"lie was very helpful."

The students spent the night with friends
and the next morning. at the advice of the
Red Cross, wcrtt to the university's llousing
()ff' c. There they were given temporary
housing on the quads artd loans for books.
clothing. and other irrrntcdinte needs.

in t977-7tl. SUNYA instituted a disaster

 

  

 

12>

  
      
    
  

.s 

@ove: Council Chair Jell Eromrn;§tglow: Central Co

 

Reva:

r, 2
39‘.

ItrlliU/l ream/ts "vary/rant lac/s ql'linir' tit fuck ofr'omr

“The Chair just
has no control over
Councﬂ.fkﬂsnot
the strong figure he
Shoukibef’

— Former [Ill/full thrl

Re/t/‘es'e/tluli ve
‘ : ‘l

Mull New)
| i
‘ i
t it
’ a.
I
"'i

so Mr T‘ rt. t-lt,

LISA SIMMONS UPS
l. '1‘“.9"",9...  
lent In (If.\’.itlliff(lt‘lf()l ..

   

     

Council’s lack in leadership and

goals is a reaso

By Heidi (.‘ralla
'«tll' "WI/LR

 

Lack of leadershtp. direction. and goals
within the Central Council ltave been cited
by rrtost of the one-quarter of Council
members who ltave resigned since
September as reasons for leaving their posi—
riotts.

Many of tire trittc former tnetnbcrs also

rrterttiott being “tired of
dealing with mctttbcrs' 
Feature

egos." adding that only a
small grotrp of people
seemed to he doitrg tnost
of the work.

The trtost recent resignations occnrcd
when lttdiatr Quad representatives Matt
Neco attd Mark Nclsort and off-campus
representative Ken Montal stepped dowtt
frotn their positions at last Wednesday
night's Cotttrcil meeting.

According to Council Clrnir Jeff Fromm,
the reasons tltcre have been so tnarty
resignations "vary from lack of time. to
lack of commitment. to dissatisfaction with
tltc organiltttion.”

Neco, who resigned irt “protest of this
year‘s council." said he was particularly
disappointed in tire leade " rip of the Coun-
cil this year. artd criticized Fromm for
diminishing tltc effectiveness of Council.
“The Clutir just has no control over Court-
cil. He‘s not been the strong figttrc he
should he. He's made mistakes irt
parliamentary proccdttrc. judgement. (leci-
sion, and meetings." Neco cltargcd.

,Ncco added that the problems with the
leadership extend to Vice-chair Cathy
kitSllStl as well. He attacked LaSusn for
playlrtg "too much of a tnatronly role"

 

n many resign

_without allowing members to take more
responsibilities on themselves.

Neco has served on Council since last
February. He said ire found meetings were
better run attd more productive during his
February to May term. before Fromm was
elected Chair. “Last year‘s citair kept
Council under control; meetings were ctr-
joyablc." he rtotcd.

Nelson resigned at the sattrc time as Neco

' '1 'complaints. Nelson said he was

“di . icd with the trctttettdotts antottrtt
of time wasted by all the committee citairs
attd members." He contends there is a
"vacuum" itt tlte leadership of Council.
specifically mentioning Frotrrttt. He further
rtotcd that a lack of respect for tire leader-
ship is also a problem. in his rcsigttatiott
statement. Nelson. who chaired the lrttcrnal
Affairs corrrtnittee. said lie was tired of the
“indecisivcncss. squabbling, backstabbing.
ttrtd a certalrt lack of integrity" that occurs
itt Council.

Fromm cortccdcd that Council is riot
working up to its potential. bttt argttcs that
it's the fault of all of Council. not jttsl the
leadership. “The organization has pro-
blctrts lan that has to do with a lot of the in-
dividuals iii the organization. To blarttc it
on tltc leadership is scapegoating."

He said his major goal. to “radically
change the ittterttal organization of SA."
has been corrrrntrrticated to the lrtterttal Al'-
fairs committee bttt not all of Council.
l’rotnm said ltc has a lot of ideas, lntt tttost
of tltern are only beginning to be discussed
by Council now. ir‘rornm explained that it
took him a semester "to even think of these
changes." and is now starting to work on
.sottte of them. However. Fromm docs trot

7D

    

 

 

 

UUP proposes
tax surcharge
to stave off
cuts in budget

- By Nancy Crowfoot

in a press conference leb. 7. leaders of
the United University Professions
tllUl’).l’trltlic limploye Federation. and
New York State Urtitcd 'l‘eacltcrs (N‘r‘SUT)
joined together in a proposal aimed to nar-
row tlte ctrrtettt New York State budget
gap. the proposal, which includes a .sur»
charge on personal income tax. has been
suggested itt ltctt of (iov. Cnomo’s propos-
cd cuts to tire SUNY bttdgct.

Albarry lllll’ ('hapter l’restdcnt 'lim
Rctlly esplauted the proposal would call for
the implcrttetrttrtion of a personal income
as surcharge betwecrt the and six percent
cottplcd with a "sunset provision." The
protisiott stipulates that this would be a
temporary measure. applying to all New
York State taspaycrs tor approxirtttttt‘lv
two years. itt ltopes of a resulting decrease
ttt tltc state budget deficit.

"This is not unheard of III lite state of
New York." Reilly c\plttittcd. “In fact. it
was done itt l‘)75 and 1970."

UUP l’tesidcnt Nttaia Mc(ratut Drescher
noted. "it's pretty obvious that revctttte
enhancement is essential. The state needs
more tltntt a band-aid."

l)teseher estimated that tlte UUP's pro-
posttl would generate $95 tniliiort for each
one percent of tire surcharge. adding that
the proposal is tlcsigttcd to alleviate pro~
blems state-wide. riot only for SUNY
schools.

 

The current proposal contcs itt response
to Cttomo's rcccnt bttdgct plans which in-
clttdc substantial ctrts to the SUNY systcnt.
Reilly reported that the UUl’ was "not too
supriscd" by the btrdget proposals of
Canton. whom they crtdorscd in the l982
gubernatorial election. “We always an-
ticipate problems when it comes to the
budget artd SUNY." he said.

Reilly felt that (‘uorno has not abandon-
ed SUNYA‘s interests ttport becoming
gotcrnor. “Mario has not betrayed us." he
crttphasi/cd. "Rather. Cuomo might not
be aware of the present situation of SUNY.
of the fact that tltcre are more students and
less faculty every year artd that SUNY‘s
sltare of the State fund ltus gone down,
front 5.4 percent itt l‘)75 to 4.2 percent in
1982."

Reilly goes on to point ottt that while
state spending has increased by a whopping
l()4 percent iii the past seven years. SUNY
spending has ittcr used by only 43 percent.
Whether Crov. Cuorno is aware of tltcsc

15>

 

' t .. 1ft
ERICA smear UPS
UUP President Tim Reilly _

"(Maria has no! Ire/raver] us. "

