  
  
 
 
   

5W6?" .' t

». ﬁwemmW - '

stud. sewn , .

 

 

 

 

 

present

 

 

' mmmwmsmmvmmmn.mwu .. . s .

Intramurals begin the new year
with Athlete-of-the-Week contest

By Barry Geifner

_ smrr warren
__’__._————

As the l983 AMlA/WlRA
season begins to take shape, AMlA
President Mike Brusco and WlRA
President Eve Hoerner are looking
forward to a year of success and
new events.

Anheuser-Busch lnc. will sponsor
the intramural athlete of the week.
This is not to be confused with the
Great Dane Fan of the Week. Any
intramural player is eligible to
become athlete of the week. Win-
ners will receive a Budweiser jacket
as well as a picture of them in ac-
tion.

With the continuation of basket-
ball, floorhockcy. waterpolo and
volleyball, AMIA and WIRA have
a host of events planned for later
this month and early March.

The first upcoming event is the
Association of College Union inter-
collegiate Tournament being held
the weekend of February l8 at
Brockport State. AMlA/WIRA
will be sending five men and five
women as representativcsof Albany
in the bowling section of the tour-
nament. Ping-pong, Billiards.
Backgammon and Chess tour-
naments will also be held.

Anybody interested in being a

FEBRUAR Y 8. 1983 D ALBAN STUDENT PRESS  

representative for Albany in one of
these sports should go to the in-
tramural office before the deadline
date of Friday,February 4. Winners
of their respective sports will go to
the nationals in Las Vegas in April.

On February 22. WIRA will run
their weight room orientation. This
will be taught by Coach Mike Malta
and is opened to all students.

‘WlRA will also run a diet
workshop on March 5th. Profes-
sionals from a local figure salon will
teach the class. Demonstrations and
talks on nutrition and health will be
part of the daily curriculum.

AMlA/WIRA calendars will be
distributed this weekend to every
room on campus. These calendars
will have all the intramural events
on them as well as all the Great
Dane action. L

Danes survive Patriot comeback

<Back Page

Albany k'cpt widening its lead to the
eventual 16-point difference before
the bottom fell out and Stony
Brook came charging back.

tournament. The Cardinals are now
2-4 in the East after losing to Cor-
tland last Friday. Plattsburgh cart
only tie Albany for second in the
division by winning the remainder

you that without a doubt."

The Cardinals are led by Patti
(ilodis who has averaged 18.0
points-per-gamc in SUNYAC play
this year. In the first meeting bet-

 

Group observes court procedures.

41
ones who work."

Another issue raised by one
woman was that of jury selection.
about the lack of women and
minorities on juries. Judge Conway
responded, “The (juro'r selectors)
make every effort. Minorities don’t
want to come. They contact the
NAACP; clergy representatives of
minorities, but they don't come."
A" Puerto Rican Court Monitor
denied this. She saidI "i know peo-
ple who volunteer and their names
are never called.” Conway replied,
"Their names are put in the drum
with the other l0,000 names which
are drawn from telephone book. the
Motor Vehicle Department, chur-
chcs, voter registration cards, and
other sources."

Fund for Modern Courts
representative Estajo “bslow also
commented on this situation. say-
ing. “There are names of minorities
on the list. but they don’t seem to
get on the panel." She recalled a
trial in which two young-hispanics
were tried on an all-white jury
where the average age of the jurors

 
 

they don't have the time."

Porco also expressed reservation
about the practice of plea-
bargaining in Criminal Court.
“Over 90 percent of cases are plea-
bargalned," he said. “This is done.
Porco said. because it is not possi-
ble to try all the cases on the calen-
dar. "My only complaint is that
after the judges make an offer, the
defendant has only a limited time.
sometimes a matter of minutes, to
accept it before the offer is
withdrawn." he said.

Another concern Porco express-
ed about the Criminal Justice
system in Albany is that. “the judge
alone decide the sentence. A proba-
tion report which recommends a
sentence is required, yet the judge
often ignores this report and does
what he wants. i don't see why he
alone should ltave the power to
decide. Maybe a panel of judges in-

cluding expert civilians should be‘

employed."

Sol Greenberg contributed a
distinction between prosecuting and
defending attorneys. He said, “the

 

owe

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
  

     
   
  
         
    
  

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

' Tomorrow the l’lattsburgh Car- of their conference games. Albany, ween the two teams. tltc Danes was 47. out of the prosecutor is not to get
diuals come to Ulliversity Gym which has already clinched a tie for crushed the Cardinals in the con- convictions, but to do justice. The
3 ' looking for a berth in the SUNYAC second cart guarantee itself a spot in fcrcncc opener up in l’lattsburgh by Conway tried to dcfcttd the job of the public defender is to
' the tournament by defeating the 20 points. absence of young people front the make sure the prosecuter proves the
 - Cardinals. All action can be heard over 9t jury by saying, "We would like to case with regard to laws and rules,
. r ‘. “4 4   “It's a big garlic.“ said co- l-‘M beginning tomorrow evening at have students on the jury. but they that the defendant's rights are not
'- l  w _ captain .lohn Dieckelman. “l‘ll tell “125 Dm- [ I “IW‘WS Wm“ '0 h“ CXCUSC‘J “Null-5": “Milled.”
‘; {: <Back P896 — —Ltz Reich
". ‘  Averill crushed Ned Duvellc in the The SUNYAC-Eas| Race 3" ' i
i   4 opening match. 26-4. The w G“
i I 0 . . '5 sophomore had no trouble in recor- A S P C ' '
... . g ..
’ ‘. I . my” . ' f ding his thirteenth win of the season iﬁgscmm 56 31 l'l/ 0 m p 0 S l 0 n
_ _ ~ - g _' against only three losses and one any 2 o
i   IIDI    ) ‘ . . : tie. Spagnoli then defeated Schlep- *Cortland 5 3 l 1/2 
‘ ‘  - "L  Pi' Plattsbur h 2 4 ' r ‘ ‘
Th u rs.,  1 0 'z W I ‘" '  The liluc Devils climbed back in- t O O l g 2 5 (31/2 POSTERS. ‘ RESUME'S
>7.- l:~g - g I " ~  to the match: Rick Dequcc l _nc n a 0‘“ 457'3389
8 P.M. Tick t H b, S _ defeated Albany's Jack Traub at Btnghamton l 5 4V2
e S ava a e at rraw l34-ponnds. and Thcofilutos lost at . ,,,,, WM.,u,Isl/N,-,u~,,,m..,/,. '
9 berr/es record stores and- ' l4} mum“ J2. ,
’  5 Community BOX Offices at -i 'l‘llte mulch swung back to DR'EP‘RE FOR 5 A.“
. _ r , . . t ‘ . t r .,
SCthOC'ﬂdy  owner and Allbany’s favor aslthc /l\)al;cs won   4:3; '
t ' - 4‘ tie next two male res. nty Scras  R U " " . . .
'A :-u w, ' we  7 ‘ j closed out the best season in Albany '1. .,.f,‘   ' 
"T 3. history by pinning Mike Sullivan. i6} Schools of Medicine
' Scrtts finished the season a perfect r, and Veferinary Medicine

l7-(l. tltc best nudefeatcd, ttntied
utark posted by a Dane wrestler.
The two-lime All-American pushed
his career mark to 43-0-2.

Alan Marwill earned a 9-8 victory

'ert5 0“ Sale “0
'  over liob (tuiin to enable lllL‘ Danes
 to tnovc out to un lit-(i lead.
 However, the liluc Devils \von ‘
72" the next two matches by pins. lying
. "‘1 lltt.‘ SCOFC til iii L'lllCl'inE ihl‘ or Caribbean Ari/Missions, inc.

l‘)()-pound match. .lohn Dean 15 we5132 51mm. New York' MYAOOM
defeated .lohn Vct‘derosu. 7—3 to N.....w___c__ ,_.,,,_,,___.

J . move Albany out to a three point
., 5  lead.
I" ' “l'm happy with the perfor-

mance given by John Dena."

Now accepting applications for study leading to
dong in both Medicine and Veterinary Medicine.
Courses taught in English. Programs under guidance
of American Donn utilizing American curriculum.
Transfer students accepted. Semestch begin March
and July 1983. We are an accredited school and listed
in W.l LO. and affiliated with US. hospitals for
clinical rotation. Direct inquiries to:

Ross University
Pnrlsrnnutli, Dominica. WI. Atlrmtian: MI. [Jullnr

 

Iupplemsntary materials. c
- Small classes taught to slotted our 80 centlrl.
instructors. '

‘ «my

   

OTHER COURSES AVAILABLE
GRE PSYCH 0 GRE BID 0 MAT 0 PCAT 0 GMT e VAT
TOEFL - NMB - VOE ' ECFMG - FLEX ' NDL - NE
5mg“ Hi ‘I'Xliiiy‘tiéii" '1’“
MM“ mat.
TESY PREPARAIION rtr sut.
SPECIALISYS 5m: ma CALL rou mu: aoa-zgaitisz

   
 
   

  

    
    

 

to] Datnwaru Ava
Emmi-IIONAL (‘rNVm
ICI lntoinulion lbnui Olhn Clulltl
Outltﬂ *

 

 

 

2. N
L t . DeMeo said. “He may be the best I I  i 
, ’ . athlete l have every coached." .
1 "I ., Herman then pinned Caffany to 

3‘ guarantee the win for Albany in

Thur
Feb 10

Lord of the Rings

Lg-f-‘W/PEI-Eﬂx

 

 

 

 

 

Fri, Sat
The Secret of NIMH Feb 11,12

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

All Shows 7:30 & 10 :00
$1.50 W/ tax card $2.00 W/ out

The Danes now look ahch to
place finishers in Ed Gleason and
Albany will be looking to im-

Y’ L‘ ' ‘1 their final tncct oi the season. Tltcy
. i finished the season with a l3-4
‘; I; mark.
a .‘ in the first match against the
this weekend's SUNYAC Cham-
it
rl . ‘
% Herman.
0‘ The top tiuee finishers in each
I i  weight class at the SUNYACs move
prove on last year's l2th place

finish in the Nationals, the highest

Coast Guard, Albany winners were
’ a e !
pionships to.be held in Oswcgo.
onto the Division lll National
A position ever attained by an Albany

Averill. Spagnoli. Scras. Dcnn and
Herman. Marwill managed a 3—3 tie
with his opponent Frank Kiugclt.
l;
J Last year Albany had two
I SUHYAC champions. Scras and
Thcofilatos. as well as two fourth
Championships to be held in
Wheaton. lllinois. the weekend of
February 25 and 26. t
H  t ‘
I ‘ ' I. v " squad. Albany had six Ni. AA
1 l V ' ' ' qualifiers and thrcc All-Americans.
l l

SA Funded

 

 

 

. 5.4m t ~31}. «their. at z w: r a r, i... s» a z. 3' i v 55‘51_I\IJLf-I:i

   

 

rmummuwwewwunassmummwnmumunw my .335 R. MW ‘ ,

 

J3. “at V3.1;‘Liii‘l’r‘u’

 

:

i

