 

i

   

 

83 ASPECTS

a

 

  

erRIDAY, SEPTEMBER .30, I983

 

Spectrum

music
Proctor’s Theatre (Schenectady

fiH2- ltitifi)

   
   
 
   
  

New Yorlt City Cale ll (459-9326)
Oct ll—The Rockats & the Works; Oct
l()—-Boirgos; Oct lZ—Suburbs: Oct
l7—'l‘he Rescue: Oct l9—The Acts

Sept (it). Oct l-27-Purnpboys and Dinettes
with Nicolette Larson and John Royale; Oct
(1  Swedish National Orchestra of
(‘rotlrerrgurg at 8 pm.

Hallmoon Cals (436-0329)

Sept Iii). Oct 1 -— Michael James Catalano.
folk singer. Free. At 9 p.m.

Hulls Baloo (436- I040)

Yesterday's (4893006)
Sept Jill-Oct I—— Daggy Moon

gemlnl Jazz Cafe (40241044)
I‘ri&Sat -— Fat-s .lellerson. Martha Gallagher

art

Lari: Tavern (403-9779)
Sept fill. Oct I “Lal’larn & Pound; Oct
5~Rttth 'l‘hornpson; Oct (1 ~ Gina DiMaggio

Albany Institute of History and Art
(4034478)

Sept b tlrru Oct ﬁlth—Dutch Paintings In the
Age ol Rembrandt from the Metropolitan

Eighth Step Coffee House (434- I7tl.’il Museum U, A”

every Tues rnte —Open stage (or anyone (or
15 minutes. Sept Ill) Ari Elsrnger: ()t'l
l A(.‘.rryl Weiss; Oct tr ~lilm.”Thi~
Westeiuer." ()t'l 7 “Cathy Winter at H Iill

Picotte Gallery ((Tollege of St. Rose. 324
Htate St , Albany. 454-5185)
lint trlty Exhibition

The Chateau Lounge (Ill25»‘)titto)

Sept fill and Oct 1 — Tire Sharks Rambo,“ Gallery “CA: [MS-177“)

Sept 2ti~()t't l4 Claudia de Monte

Cagne 's (All 3-9402
V ’ l Hall’moon Cafe (154 Madison Ave)

New York Metropolis. World of Gems
Firefighting Exhibit
I

' SUNYA Art Gallery (457-3375)
New Decorative Art: works by N. Graves
Stella. Samaras. Benglls. others: Sep
LTOCI 9—»photos by Rollie McKenna

theatre

ESIPA (The Egg: 473-3750)

Oct 9—These Are Women by Claire Bloom.
malrr theatre: Our Town—Oct 14 preview,
Oct 16. 17 19-22. call for times (473-4020)

SUNYA PAC (457»8606)

The Glass Menagerie. Oct 48 at 8 pm in the
Lab Theatre: Elisa Monte Dance Co.-Sept
Iii) (it Oct 1 at 8pm; The Glass
Menagerie~0ct 4-8 at Rpm In the Lab
Theatre; Serenades. music (acuity showcase
concert «Oct it at 8pm; The Wool
Gatherer~0ct 11-15 at 8pm in the Lab
l'heatre fill w/SUNY ll)

Coliseum Theatre (7H5-iili91i)

 

 

smnnlm. “Rh-Him” Ilntrl Sept lit) Lori Lawrence: Hits 81 Pieces

I’ti h'r Sat Artt'l
Historical Society for Early
American Decoration. Inc. (402-107(1)
llntil June '84 The Ornamental Painter.
l‘lnr (loitering oi Tin

Palace Theatre (405-315(53)
Ut’t ll Hot Tuna. lillCl’
BJ Clancy's (4tr2-9lr23) New York State Museum (474-5842)
kit-pi lil()tt Jill Herrera Ray Stoddard:
Atlnorrtiatk illustrator; until Jan 1 7Com-
rnurrrty Industries ol the Shakers . A New
Look. urrttl (hi 2 Chinese Laundry
Workers in NYC; Adirondack Wilderness.
New York Metropolis. World of Gems.
Fire-lighting lixliibit

  
   
 
 
   
  

288 Lark (tibia-9148)

1).] on weekends. Oct 4-A5Crearntng Urge.
."r Limbo Race. ()~Operation I’luto.
ll .leannie Smith and the I'lurrlcanes.
12 Cost of Living; Iii—The Watch; 18.
1‘) - ~Operalton l’lttto

Clnnamon's (at Albany l lilitnr: llli2-(rhl 1) SUNYA An Gnnew (457.3375)

New Decorative Art: wutks by N. Graves.
Stella. Sarrraras. Iienglis. others; Sept
lit (in 9 photos by Rollie MCKL’IIIIH; Art
Iln'ulty Lthhrt. Oct 18 llec l(r

Skyway (Scoria: 399-4922)
Or-t Fr Alvrri Lee; l2——RISM; 14 Steve
South. tlrunrmer iii .Iourney

New York State Museum (474-5842)

—'_‘*' . . _ I ‘ . miscellaneo
CC Ballroom :tlpt It) (At All sheneca Ray htutldard: "a
“may. gym J“ The “HHUUS and AA” l/ltlllt;lllliltll( illustrator. until Jan l~~Curn-
(.‘mmm I” 7 :m M NH“ *5 Wm.“ t In: y in ustries ol the Shakers . . A New Alumni House—Speaker on Spiritual

look. Illllli Oct 2 (Tlrinese Latrrrtlry i

Top Twenty

‘ D l l‘iths l‘t)\l|‘lll)

2 True West

I’unr‘li 'I'ln' (flock

Triu- West
.'I Aztec (‘arrn-ra lliglr lunrl. llurrl Rain
4 The liirruios Nurrtlrr'rs Willi Wings
it Ilirr Country The Crossing

() Limbo Race Irrrr's Song

 

WATCHING LOONIES \"dei
A NET) PUTTING THEM
INTO THE TRUCK.AND
TAKING THEM lN...THlS
ISN‘T WHAT I w

    

 

 

w... A “jiélniﬁasnti 

. .. ,. Workers. III NYC. Atlrrurular‘k Wilderness 7P1“. iTL’C

   

Proctor's Theatre (38210855)

l’ump Boys 8r Dinettes 77-Sept lit). Oct I-2;
Evita-—Oct .‘i-Fr at Hprn; .lerry's Girlsv—Ocl
21 at Hprn 8.: Oct 22 at 2pm. 8pm;
Arnadeus-~--Sept 22 at Hptn

Capital Hep (true 4534)
The (ilass Merragetie- -»()t*t 29-Nov 20

Slena College (783-2372)
Ilanilet --Oct 7 at 8pm in Foy Campus
Center Theatre

Albany Civic Theatre (402- 1297)
Once in a Lifetime. Oct 12-16. 19-23
Cohoes Music Hall (21il‘r-79h9)

Oct (r23 (iorrtl ()itl. liarl ()lri, Good Old
Days

Psychic) Development. .loe (‘niice Oct l2at

~ Bethlehem Public Library-Haunted
Houses/Haunted Heroes: The Experience
of Contemporary Fiction with Mary
Arensberg. Sept 22. 29. Oct 13. 27 8: Nov
- 10. 17. $20 per person or $35 for two. call
' 457-3907 (or more Info

Larlt St “A Happening" prior to Larklest.
live conceptual painting by the public to form
one huge painting on Lark and Jay St. Sept
30 at midnight

Performing Arts Loft at 286 Central
Ave. between Quail and Lake (465-5503,
nights) Is a free. non-profit arts'org. offering
the following sessions: Modern Dance
(Thurs. 7v8230pm); Children's Dance (Tues
8L Thurs. 4:.‘ill-5zli0pm); Middle Eastern
Dance (Mon. 78:30pm): T'ai Chi (Wed.
7»9pnr); Stretch 8r Strength (Wed ()-(r:4.'rpin
and Thurs 6-bz45pm); Movement Group,
The Inner Dance (Tues trzliti-Hpm); and
Middle Eastern Aerobics (Mon tr~7pm). All
sessions last It) weeks.

 

Research on Women Colloquium
Oct 5. Wednesday. Mary Wools; Foretrralt
and Depression: The Relationship Iietween
the Cult of Sensibility and liernlirism. with G.
Barker-Benlleld, 12: 15 to l:.'Il). llutnarriiles
Lounge (HU 354)

Speaker's Forum

Oct 4 ~ Movie: “Slaughterhouse l’ive' In
LC 22 at 7:30 and l():iltl. ()r-t tr 77 Kurt
Vonnegut In C(T Ballroom at 8 p rn.. Oct 22
~ David Brenner in Gym at H p in

Albany Institute of History and Art
Irrl. Oc_t 7 —— "Rembrandt and the Bible" at
12:10 p.rn. at I25 Washington Ave. Call
463-4478 for more info. Free.

Downtown AlbanyFest

Sat. Oct 8. 9 am. to (r p in, »- Street party
with food. music. fashion shows. etc. on
North Pearl St. between State St. and Van
Tromp St.

American indian Movement Leader
Joint Trudell to speak from 4:30-6:30 pm
on Sunday. Oct 2 at Social Action Center.
2'21 Central Ave. Albany For into (all Arrir

 

 

7 The Alarm I'liu Alarm

3 Jonathan Rit'lritratr illllltlllltlll Sinus

( ., . ,
) Ialkitrg l leads Speaking) rtr 'I'orrrpn's

Ill. ernrrrl U K liurl Iioys

l I. Violent lierrttrres Violt'trt I’r'tninr's
12. RliM Murmur

L'i Kissing The Pink Naked

WHAT WOULD
YOU RATHER

 

   

ilunter at 4(rZI-(rﬁll9.

 

l4. Oingo lioingo (ioorl I’or T‘ltt‘ Soul

r . .
l.) .lohoxets l.ll(t‘ tilrtnlhustr'rs

ll) Killing Jolie The l‘llt' lhnrcus

17. The Verge I/rrbtluol

Ill. The Replacements llouterrunrry

(
I). New Order POIIIL‘I’. Corruption. ri'z Lies

2(). Savage Republic I-‘rlrrr Nolr

R_

  

A DOG CATCHER.

 

 
  
 

   
    
 
    
  
  
  
  
 
    

 

ETTER‘S") '

ever again

~ the Editor;
Anti-sernilism is no! dead, even on the SUNY Albany
mpus. I am jcfcrring to the "message" that was written
r the Eastman Tower of State Quad.
For those of you who do not know what I am talking
out, the message was, “ Achtung Jude" with a swastika
awn next to it. Translation — Attention Jew. the rest is
f explanatory.
Are we going to let this slip by us?” True, someone did
an it off. but it took nearly one week for it to somehow
appear. The words may be gone now. (although still
iblc if one looks closely enough). birt obvioust anti-
millsm is not.
Apathy on the parts of the Jewish students in Albany Is
fact fuel for the fire. It takes only one to light the tire.
 many to control it and finally ptrt it out before it puts us
- t. lfyou think anti-seinitism does not exist, especially not
SUNY. open your cycsll It is written in black and while
all to sec.
ut what can you do? For sttirtcrs. become involved itt
ttr Judaism. become thttl’t.‘ of who you are. LL'tlllt about
r past so you criu prevent the past from repeating itself.
A is the Jewish activist group on campus. They are
dy to get involved. ready to inform and to educate. Do
u. lot the message iii the elevator cscttpc you. instead cup-
”rc the feeling of unity and strength you can receive from
~ orniug involved.
r‘ ngrc little is new; never again!
— Nutm- withheld by request.

chedule problems

In the Edltor:
We are writing in regard to it rcccnt lcltcr iii the editorial
cctitrrt of the ASP which dealt with poor scheduling of the
:group fttir oti September 23. I983. The writer of the letter.
lcvc I-Iilscnrnth. felt that the scheduling of the fair was in
' nllict with the second (1in of the Jewish festival of Suk-
t. The members of the Jewish community aren't the only
ones affected by “poor scheduling."

 ' No one Seems to say anything about some students hav-
‘ing to stay in their dorms or rent a hotel room after ﬁnals

on December 23 until Christmas Eve. They have missed
their ridcs with friends or on buses and insensitive pro-
- fessors and “poor scheduling" rrrc blamed.

A second example is students being forced to leave their

homes on Easter Sunday bccausc classcs start the next day.
' This is the Catholic community‘s holiest day of the year; ll

day of relaxation and religious observance is interrupted

due to “poor scheduling" once again.

We feel the scheduling committee should take it closer

look at their calendar. Thank you.

—— l’nul Angotla
l-‘runk Cluncia Jr.

Help intramurals

“ To the Editor:

. Once again. school is upon us. and so many students

;Iook for an outlet to get away from the books. A great
number of these students find enjoyment through par-
” ticiprttion in SUNYA’s large intramural program. Many
people take advantage of this opportunity. but few stop to
wonder who actually runs till the programs.

A joint effort of the AMIA and WIRA Councils has pro-
. vidcd this great program. These organizations are compos-
cd of dedicated students who strive to give the university
population some form of athletic recreation. But. these
councils cannot function without strident support.

   
   
   
 

It is my intention to recruit new members for the WIRA
Council. My experience has been that many people have
never even heard of WIRA. Thcsc initials stand for
Women's Intramural and Recreation Association. This
council is responsible for programming. scheduling and in-
suring smoothly run seasons for women‘s and co-cd in-
tramurnls. We also sponsor special events such as. Dict
Workshops. Raquctball and Tennis Tournaments and Jog-
:i-thons. Among our other rcsponsibilitcs. are supplying
S.A.'s to supervise the grimcs. the hiring of ofﬁcials. ordcr-
ing T-shirts and handling protests. This, plus mtrch more. is
WIRA. This is a very heavy workload for a small group of
women who have academic us well as other commitments.

As vice-president of this organization. I strongly urge the
women of this university to consider joinlttg the WIRA
Council. By doing so. you can Irpr to enhance the quality
of the programs we provide. "

Meetings are held on Wednesday nights in the Campus
Center. The time and room number will be posted on the
Intramural Information lluurd across from the Campus
Center Information Desk. The meetings are open to all
students. If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to
call me — I’cg Sorta/Io: 457~8043 or Cathy Russo (WIRA
President): 436-9409.

— Peg Sijrinzzo
II'IR/i VA‘P-I’I‘t’b‘lf/t’ﬂl

Basic points missed

To the Editor:

While Mr. lit-t1, makes several good points in his ttttrtlysis
of the dawning of tliglil 007. he manages to completely
overlook the most basic points. _

Yes. it is true that ﬂight ()07 truly well have been flying tt
spying mission, Yes, it is true that thc U.S. has not, by any
trrcrtns. had It perfect record Illlti that the Pentagon is not
run iii an ttngclic fashion. Mr. llctz. iit fact. is quite correct
iti observing that the ILS. uses illegitimate trreans irt its irr-
tclligencc agencies.

Yet. I would point out to Mr. llL‘II. tlntl Acrollut Iritd
done spying on It regular basis. using civilian aircraft. And
I would risk Mr. Ilctl. one question: When is the last time
that our Pentagon has shut down a civilian aircraft? While
we may not be abovcspying with civilian ulrcrnfts. we quite
clearly are above shooting down 269 innocent people. As
ruthless as Mr. Bell. says our Pentagon is. it has yet to stoop

that law.
—— Daniel Goldsteln

Grossly unfair

To the Editor:

As most students nrc well aware. the University has pro-
posed implementing a student bus fcc. Fortunately. the bus
fee was not imposed upon us this semester. Despite the fact
that a task force has been assigned to examine the bus issue
the idea of students paying a bus fcc appears to be in-
evitable. After all. Irow much good did lobbying against the
tuition hikes do?

There is one mutter concerning the bits issue that is very
disturbing to us. According to an article that (IlipCIITJd in
last Friday‘s issue of the ASP. this semester SA is going to
spend approximately 580 it night on buses for a lrttc night
"bur run" on weekends. Everyone who pays the strident
activity fee to SA Is paying for this service. In other words.
we. as off—campus students. are sharing in the burden of
paying for the uptown students to come downtown to the
bars. It scents grossly unfair that thc off-campus students
have been paying for this “community service" for the past
.scvcrnl years while the overwhelming majority of the
students who use this service livc iii the uptown community.

It also seems ridiculous to us that SA is not propostng to

 

if,“

Cjzlspectc?

Muir Garner. Editor in Cnral
Lila Strain. Managing Editor

Elllblllltnd In iﬂld

   

News Editors . . . . . . . . . . .‘rtrrvn I'ox. Anthony trrltrnr
All slate News Editorl ihrltll Gratin. itntr Gardlnrnr
ASP. I Editor. . .. . .. . . Gull Mnunlt
Auucilto ASPectI Editor iluvul t intrkln
Vlllun Editor . . . . . . . . . Liirairnir Soholowukl

Sport! Editor . . .. .. . . . .... Mart: Schwrrir
Anaclato Sports Editan Mark trrvirur. ruin Kacanrius
Edllurlll Pana- Edltor . . , . . . .. . Itlwitnl milnnir
Photography Edltur . . . . . .. . , .. . . . . .EitMnruriuictr
Contributan Editor-z Dunn ﬂair. Dnhtrln Jrulun, Waytnr i'mrrntrrrnrn. Editorial
Artist-ht: Mruitti Kiln. Stall wrllm: thu Atrnnrt. Suranna Atrntrr. Amny
Atlanta. Mart: llurtnnn. nirir Gordon, Mlku Giuutrlirrltl. llntrurl Mrrrtlniulru.
Dnvirt Michmrtson. Matt Nltzirolti. Ilntr O'Iirlrrn. Knuur Pun/rt. Lir I'iuich. Elitrn
Snitttlaluro. Alun Soniktn. Muttn Uttm. Mtrtk Wllpant. Aiirnn Witk. Spectrum

and Events Editors: Ilutrl Ginsburg. Knn Dnrnbmiin

Hody Brod". Hus/truss Munrtyu/
Judy Total, Axaaulrtlu lit/llnuu Murmur"
Jlna Hirsch. Advert/sing Manugal
Mike Krelmor. Salas Manage!

 

 

   

Billing Accountants . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . Lisa CIrryiunn. Rnndnu Burial
Payroll Supervisor . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Guy Polo"
Ollice Coordinator . . . Susan Moskowltz
Clllllllld Man-q". . . . . .. . .. . ...Jnnntlni Bloch
Composition Mun-nu . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Mlckoy Frank

Advertising s-Iu: Mark Stranmn. Bah Cumau. Rich Goblin. stnvn Lethal:
man. Dnnlulio Krutmrl. Advertising Production Manager: Jultn Mﬂllt, Adulth-
Ina Production: Arny Altnrmlin. Jucklu Donnie. Elalntr Frtudnt. Lina Kort. Lina
Mirlntrisln. Paint: Marcus. Ellyn Mute. Sharon Okurr. Cathie Ryan. Rhonda
Woll. Sim/an Zulpur

Patricia Mitchell. Production Manager
Holly Prertl. Assnnurla Product/mi Mil/mud!

Chlat Yypunltu . . . . ... . .. . . . . . . . .. Crrtrriti Ryan
Typinu: Jim Crrpriuoln. Iiinrzoy Hnyirurn. Virginia Huber. Felice Klaus. Suu
Mllllpun. llotly linw

i’lruluutttplw principally lnrpnlinu Iry tinrvnrsiiy Photo Service. a student
group

Chiral Photographer: Surnrn Iilninn Mirrdrntr. UPS Stutl: Amy Cnlnm. Sherry
Cohen. lllllllllll lrtwln. tIrI Mttnisirltzlr. Lotti Matialrorrt. Lirra SIIIIIIIIHIB. Etluu
Spurn-rt. thttun Stout. JIIir antirrttrnr. Frank Wupoltnr

Entire contents copyright watt Albany Student Pro-I Corporation. all
IlUlllI ruunvnd.

lllli Altratly Slniiimt i’rnenr is published luumlrtyu tillll Friday: between
August and Joint iry ilrn Aitumy Student l’rusn Corporation. an Independent
trot lur purltt corporation.

I-Zriiirrnnls :uu wrltlrru by thn Editor In Churt with nunntiurs ot the Editorial
ilunut. policy in subject in review by the Editorial firmiri. Columns an) writinn
lry liltlllllillltl ol tlrn rmlvuttrlty community llliil do not riutmssurlly ropmsunt
editorial policy Advertising policy tioutr nut nucntisurlly ratlnct editorial
policy.

Mailing address:
Altruny Slutlunl Florin. CC 320
1400 Washington Ave.
Albany. NV 12222
(bill) 467-“002l3322133llll

 

 

help us out ﬁnancially In getting uptown for our classes; yet
they condone the spending of money to but students
downtown to get drunk.

Yes. It is true that we chose to live off-campus, like tr
great many other students. But. it is also true that if we.
and many otiicr upperclnssmcn. hadn’t chosen to move off-
campus. a letter such as this one would be coming from
some underclnssmcn or transfer students who were denied
housing.

In any event. if the bus fee is Implemented. we sec in
reason wiry SA cun't Iipr subsidize the off-crimpib
sttrdcnts' transportation to their classes sincc SA is nlrcttd)
subsidizing the buses for thc on-campus students to go it
the bars.

Think ahead

To the Editor:

As we are now getting settled into our schedules. this is a
good time to think about the year ahead. and what we can
do to make it It good one. in ycars past, the Albany Student
Union has been rt voice for students. In the future we intend
to continue serving the student population. bill in order to
do so. we need your help.

An niguni/rrtiun is only as strong as its rrrcmbcrsliip. If
we tire to continue to bc tin cffcclivc voice when speaking
on behalf of the students. we must first have the students
behind in.

This yciir. the Union hopes to continue voicing the stu-
dent opinion on such i\sucs its the possibility of u 2i year
old drinking age. the campus alcohol policy. rind the
pusslbity of :t student bus fcc. These are just II few of the
issues iii the minds of sltttiL‘llls today.

If these or other issues are important to you. let tis knnwl

Come to the (iettcrrtl lirtcicsl Meeting on Tuesday. Oc-
tober 4, iii (‘rirnpns (‘crrtcr 36L Remember. this is your
organization and you L'IIII make it work,
— Madelyn E. Kclslein
A Iltun y Student Union

Easier for disabled

[‘0 the lidltnr:

The letter ("Improve Access") sent in by Maggie Aucr in
Tuesday's ASP brings up rut important point. Despite the
fact that the Albany State campus is one of the most llC-
ccssiblc iii the state to handicapped students, a large
number of barriers still exist to the many students here who
have rt variety of disrtbilitcs — thc wheelchair-bound. the
visually handicapped. the learning disabled. and others.

-- Ellen Binder
LI: Senlkowlcli

The Student Association recognizes its responsibility to
.scrvc thc riccds of all SUNYA students. The Student Scr-
vices Committee of Central Council is looking into what
SA can do to advance the needs of disabled studentr In
order to find out what those needs are. we need to t: id
these students. Therefore. we have set up it mcctirg for
Thursday. October 13 in 4:00 pm in CC373. We would like
to invite all handicapped students to attend so that they can
tell us what their priorities are for making this a more near-
ly barrier-free campus.

The University hits promised to correct “barrich to ac-
ccss and learning" (Programs and Prlurllicsl983-p.32).
Even Cltnnccllcr Wharton in his letter to the ASP on Tues-
day mentioned SUNY‘s commitment to "provide merin-
ingful, invigorating education to students" of every
“physical condition." Given this concern on the part of
SUNY officials. we are sure that they will back 115 in our cf-
forts to make studying at SUNYA easier for handicapped
studan '

—— Allison i'crcy
.lt'l‘l' Wt'it- 'lll
Student Services (‘orrir .lt't‘

Adopt-a-grandparent

To the litlltnr:

Did you ever wonder wit u life was like back lit the 20's.
30's. or what about lhi: l890's'.’ Did you ever wish you
could go back to those times and see what it was like? Wc
are very lucky because we have the opportunity in share
these times with the people who lived thcm.

One of the warmest kinds of love and mutual respect is
that which takes place between an elderly person and it
young adult. An elderly person has so much knowledge to
impart and is so willing to shine.

As SUNY at Albany students we are part of the Albuiv
community and as such we should tnakr.‘ tlll effort \VllCI'L‘\’L'
possible to pitch in and be it part of the curmrnrnity. 'l’hc
.l.S.(.‘.-|lillel Adopt-u-tirtmdpzu‘enl program is a perfect
opportunity to not only be it volunteer iii the Albrrny corri-
rrntrrily but to lcnrn about and shine in the experiences ol
others. Most of all its the best way I know of to tutrkc II
friend. Students titkc IIlI hour it \vcck rind go to the
Drntghrc of Sarah Nursing Home. they sit and tqu to the
residents. Everyone lctrrns u lot. Itus a good time Iltld most
of all leaves feeling good about themselves and the people
in their community.

 

— Rem.- Chlzik
St'crt'tanv-J. S. C. - Hillel

 

