 

   

Ba nouns! & ulnlon

Music For The Hard Of

.W" a)? WSOme>

carom-—

 
   

bunch of Canadians with a
strange. potentially revolting
name have just released a new

album with a strange. potentially funny
name. As a matter of fact. this very group
will be headlining a bill at the Palace on
March 27th. What is~the name of 'this
strange group. and what do they call their
new record? The group is known as Doug
and the Slugs. and they have just given us
Music [or the Hard of Thinking.

Robert Schneider

These guys have been together since
December. 1978. when lead vocalist Doug
Bennett left his advertising-cartoonist
career and formed the Slugs. They tried to
play local clubs around Vancouver. British
Columbia. although it was difficult for a
non-disco act. to receive any major book-
ings in those days. So instead. they played
basement parties. clturch halls. and com—
munity centers. The locals loved the theme
parties that the band would play. if you
were around Vancouver In 1980, you
ntight be invited to a “Ricky Ricardo
Romp" or maybe even a "Beach Blanket
Bongo." Around this time. a single. "Too
Bad." was released. 'and it helped to
spread the Slugs' reputation outside Van-
couver. Their first album. Cognac and
Bolognosold 80.000 Canadian copies in its
first 3 months. Last year saw the release of
Wrap Itf. which also did very well. Both
records are approaching the Canadian
standard for platinum status. With any luck
at all. Music For the Hard of Thinking will
aid the group in its search for popularity in
the Lower 48.
it is difficult. if not impossible, to describe
exactly what Doug and the Slugs sound
like. Doug himself has described it as
“..,your basic rock and roll but with a Cut"
tain kafkaesque. grass roots Pavlovian ex-
istetrtial. New York liberal Jewish intellec-
tual kind of slant to it..." What the hell does
that mean. Doug? Acttrnllv..Duuu is a fun-
ny sort of fellow. one who says his greatest
rrrusical influence is..,Walter Mathau?!
What else cart i say?

Music for the Hard of Thinking is a hap-
py. upbeat album that never fails to elicit a

 

 

ey. l'rn in love with a working
H gm...

The song never inspired me to
go out and buy the album. it is a blatant at-
tempt for that big hit single a with a bullet
Nevertheless. I find it less caustic than
some of the techno»pop that is invading
"progressive" stations with heavy airplay
Besides. the song has a subtle humortolt;

 

Wayne Peereboom

But what's wrong with a hit. especially if
it draws attention to a good band? Nothing.
'the musicians in the Members would pro-
bably tell you. A minor hit in England back
in 1981 "l'm in Love With a Working Glrl‘I
has qotten some attention for the London

 

 

 

 

Hearin

   

 

 

 

  

 

.
smile frorn a listener..For example. “Who
Knows How To Make Love Stay." leading
off side two. is a pretty. breezy little tune
that defies you not to sing along with it,
The only problem is that only this song
doesn't ltave its lyrics printedln their place.
we fltrd “read tny lips." Very funny. Doug
sings in his rtsual nasaltone. but he also
throws in some sections of incredibly deep
singing. reminiscent oi the gutsy baritones
of the late Fifties.

When this record is compared with the
last one. Wrap It! we find the same novelty
tunes. but now there is a much better sense
of musical arrangement. For example.
“Operator.” ltas the standard cutesy lyrics.
but also features a smooth keyboard.
beauttfrrllu played by Simon Kendal. tn-
teractlng with resonant drums arid bass. it
all adds up to a great song. As Simcd
before. Doug and the Slugs are reputed to
be a great live band. We get a sense oi this
on “Nobody But Me". an old lsley ditty

Members Only

based band.

While many are probably hearing about
the Members for the first time. the band has
been around for five years. After playing
the London club circuit for a while. they cut
their first album. Chelsea Nightclub. which
was released lit the US. as an import. This
was followed up by a world tour and a se-
cotrd album. The Choice is Yours. Bassist
Chris Payne said last week's appearance at
the Chateau was part of a seven week tour
of the US. which began in Cinnctnati.

When they took the stage I found a
larger band than i expected two

guitars. bass. drums. two horn players and
a lead vocalist. Besides sheer number. the
band's attire was a bit unconventional.
This created a commanding stage presence

 

Nick Tesco and Nigel Bennett of The Members

 

 ﬁssures”: -

 

 

 

 

most recently ruined...er...covered by
George Thorogood. Doug and the Slugs
do a much better job. it was recorded In
front of a live audience. and from the
sound of it. they loved it. Lead guitarists
Richard Baker arid John Burton provide
smoky leads for Bennett to play with.
Again. we can't seem to find arty lyrics. but
we now find “get a case of beer and 27
friends and sing no no no til you're so
drunk that everyone thinks they're singing
in tune".

it's definitely not hard to find bouncy.
happy songs on this record. One of the
funnier tunes is. “She's Looking At Me,"
The settittg of this sotrg is a sleazy singles
bar. where Doug atrd keyboardist Simon
Kendal argue over which one is being eyed
by a beautiful woman. To top it off. Bun.
nett is squat and stocky. while Kendal is as
m" 3”“ “’“Mv as a tree. The two exchange
insults. which are maue mum». by the
tieepness of Kendal's voice. With a little tm~

at the outset.

They wasted no time tearing into sortie
heavy. driving tunes. The rhythm section
provided a strong lower end which alter-
nated between a rock and reggae while the
horns added funk. The outcome was uni-
que. danceable and energetic. Guitarist
Nigel Bennett threw in some fast licks but
never really had a chance to take off.

The musicians say the Members have no
one leader but they do have a front
person —- vocalist Nick Tesco. Nick doesn't
appear to have a great voice but what he
lacks there. he makes up for in sheer
energy. He sweats. dances and generally
absorbs himself in the music. His only
drawback is that during a couple of the

 

 

 

 

agtnation. it almost sounds like an argu-
ment between Popeye and Bluto.

it's a shame that the weakest song on the
record should be a slow love song. “St.
Laurent Summer" just doesn't manage to
match the quality of all the other songs.
Lyrically the song is pretty. and musically
it's almost haunting. Despite this. we can't
take Doug Bennett seriously when he sings
it. it may be that Bennett is doomed to
croon happy songs.

Last year. when Doug arid the Slugs
played the now-charred JB. Scotts. over,
100 people were turned away from the
door. On the basis of Music [or the Hard 0/
Thinking alone. art evening with Doug and
the Slugs will be ittteresting. to say the
least. The only problem Is that we are on
s-acatlon mt March 27th. But don't let that
stop you. Forget Palm Sunday. posItJ("“
the Seder. tell your dorm director t" 5"
hell. l'ii lake the Slug Music owr along cat
or bus ride any day. i.l

slower songs he slipped into the lower
class. lover boy. South Side Johnny im-
age. Whlie there is nothing wrong with this
image per se. it just doesn't work for him or
the band. Anyway. that only lasted for a
couple of songs. The rest was full tilt
boogie.

The full house got their money‘s worth
as the band played for an hour and a half
with two ertcores.'Some of those who
didn't try to make their way up front con-
tented themselves sitting on the edge of the
long bar.

To the band's credit is the fact that they
played “Working Girl" early in the set. it
showed they didn't feel they had to hold off
on the song in order to keep the audience's
attention. When they did perform the
song. there were obvious differences from
the album version. it became apparent that
the background vocals had been heavily
doctored in the studio. There was also
other siopptness that had probably been
eliminated in the studio.

However. this was probably the only
case where the album version was superior
to the live. Not unlike many newer bands.
the Members have not been able to capture
their excitement on vinyl. Payne himself
admitted. “our forte has been the live gig."
it seems that it may be more time and
money in the studio to turn out the raw live
sound than it is to put out a polished
album.

While they wait for an album that can do
Justice to their reggae funk-rock sound. it
seems the Members may have to rely on
Working Girl to sell albums and more im‘
portarrtly. bring people to their live shows.
However. there is hope » Payne said the

 

band hopes to put out another album by

 

the fall. l..l

 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 

  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 

 

n this age of the New Wave. fads
pop up and fade out at a blinding
pace. Some rock dinosaurs still
7 this a basis for their dogged criticism -
t New Wave shit is just a phase" - but
that very sense of ﬂeeting style that is so
gral to the kltschy glamor of it all - the
diess fun of dressing up and playing out
r chosen musical role/style. whether it
rockabilly doll. Brideshead Revisited.
rcut 100 prep. or the newly formed.
rogynous. Boy George type.

r. Craig Marks

uslcally. though. this high turnover
I does tend to indicate a lack of genuine
stance or feeling. and that's why pop-
k-punk is so invaluable. and also so ig-
ed. The trends are fun. and thankfully.
I always come and go. but melody. har-
'. nles. and books have always been and
l are the bread and butter of a good
g. There's a batch of relatively new
erican bands that are steadfastly
ldlng to these musical tenets best ex-
pltfled by the Beatles. and are adding
d subtracting their OWn styles just
ugh to keep the music fresh yet roman-
aliy regressive.
ne of the most promising
velopments in this music is the over-
, elmtng acceptance of bands not from En
J y and El Lay. Out of Hoboken. New
sey come the Bongos. and band
mbers Richard Barone and James
stro: out of the equally unlikely town of
apel Hill. North Carolina come Mitch
‘ star. and Chris Siamey (of the best of all
' pop bands. the DB's); and out of
hens. Georgia comes R.E.M. To cott-
se matters even futher. the very busy

t

. itch Easter has produced in his garage-

rnL'd-studlo R.E M.'s Chronic Town Fl’.
‘ e recent BarorrerMastro duel LP Nuts
rt Bolts.and Chris Stanley's new solo
ting it's a Wonderful t.i[e.as well as being
ntmett for his own band. Let's Active.

~ ive. all these bands are uplifting and
'0' fun. a recent example being a show
t weekend in Washington DC starring
E.M. and Let's Active. Starting
thernt‘nost. I had seen and been thrilled
lt R.E.M. at their earlier Albany show at
Chateau Lounge. and once again they
‘ lghtfully reminded me of the pure
er of pop music (R.li.M. fairs can look
ard to their first full length LP. entitled
" ' rrnur. being released in early April).
ading to N. Carolina. Mitch Easter's Let'

.. ' ive were one of the most pleasant sur»

 

prises l've come across in years. using a
three member set-up (Mitch on guitar and
thin pop vocals. two women on bass and
stand up drums) for a rockin'. stripped
down sound. The key to any group such as
this is their songwriting. not so much
lyrically as structurally and melodlcally.
and this is where Let's Active sparkled.
Hopefully Mitch will soon find time in his
OWn garage to produce a Let's Active
record.

Staying In Chapel Hill. DB Chris
Stamey's it‘s a Wonder/oi Life strays the
farthest from pop. opting for a Beatles
sound circa Reuofuer more than, let's say.
Something New. Heavy on the slow. big
beat (thanks to something called the
Goovegate System and the OmniCraft
GT4). l.A.W.L. connects mostly
subliminally. interweaving the beat with
psychedelia-looped guitar and Stamey's
60'lsh wltlney. drawn out vocals. On
“Never Enters My Mind" and especially
"Face of the Crowd." things fit together
best. resulting in a distinct. grooved sound.
more subtle and intellectual than the DB's
all out exhllirating ravesups.

Traveling up [-95 all the way to
Hoboken. NJ. there is the Nuts and fiolts
LP from Richard Barone and James
Mastro. both from longtime faves the
Bongos (who Incidentally have recently
been signed to RCA records. Yeahlj. The
record is split up into Richard's side and
Jatnes' side. and although the best song on
the album is “l've Got a Secret." a pop
masterpiece found on Richard's side.
James‘ side is the better of the two. more
:onsistent and directed. Maslro proves
himself a terrific songwriter. frotn the hooks
and harmonica of “Time Will Tell." to the
beautiful acoustic guitar and vocals of "No
One Has to Know " ()n the Bongos'
previous releases it has been Barono who's
stolen most of the spotlight. so Mastro's
znwrgence is a very positive sign that the
Bongos are finally ready to realize their
tretncndt nus potential.

Lastly. going up the Thruway to our own
beloved Albany. you cart put everthtng l‘ve
said aside this Saturday night and enjoy thr.I
golden opportunity to actually not have to
take a critic's word for everything. This
Saturday evening. ‘)1 l-‘M andth Chateau
Lounge (Hudson and Pearl Streets) are
proudly presenting. from l'loboltcn. the
Bongos. featuring the very same Richard
Batono and James Mastto. Being a secure.
and even. dare I say. smug reviewer. I dare
you not to enjoy the Bongos in person.
See you theta. U

iving Is Dangerous

ake one part handsome
Australian journalist. Generously
add several ounces of an-

’ ogynous Eurasian dwarf. Simmer with

- sultry beauty of a long-legged female.
vor heavily with clips of starving lndone-
n children clamouring for rice on the
1 eat. and baste in the steamy tropics pep—
red with political intrigue. Watt two
urs. take it out. and you have a new
ovie called A Year a] Living Dangerous-
’ . But don't try to judge the movie by its ti-
. Everything is so low key and sporadic
. at Two Years of Existing Ambiguous/y
ay be more apprprtate.

 

' . Lisanne Sokolowski

The two most coherent plots are of social

sponsibility and romance. Mel Gibson .

lays the idealistic cub journalist out to
over the political time bomb of potential
ivll war. The Communist party is prepar-
u g to overthrow the ruling order atrd while
is partners spend most of their time balan-
lth Dress passes on the lips of martini
lasses. Gibson meets a dwarf
hOlograplter who gets him to the inside of
be political circle. The dwarf. Billy Kwan.
5 no Billy at all. but is played with incom-
arable insight by a young Btoadway no
ress named Linda Hunt. Hunt is the whole
ovie. outshtntng Signourey Weaver as
he most outstanding "woman" in the
movie. She is sensitive. driven. and at 4'9"

 

.. A. .m.-t...‘~...,..... .t.. . .

 

 

We:

 

 

Line at the Chateau. The Bongos. Saturday night

 

 

 

 

 

 

(including the crewcut) hideously an-
drogynous. Hunt's character is the social
voice of the movie-- a Kwan tries to relieve
the poverty of his Asian neighbors.

A Year of Living Dangerously is more a
story of manipulation than espionage.
Kwan. in an effort to find a journalist who

Multison stars tie new Peter Weir film - The Yearo/ Liuing Dangerous y.

  
   

will report on the lndonesians' plight.
befriends Mel Gibson. To further enmesh
him. Kwan crosses Gibson‘s path with
Signourey Weaver's and the inevitable
romance is created. There is a 1940's
flavour to Gibson and Weaver-- an inno-
cent suggestibllity that never oversteps its

PG boundaries. and may be an indicator
that Hollywood is retracing its steps after
several years of substituting blatancy for
sensuality.

Unfortunately for the movie. no one plot
is expanded enough to give a feeling of
continuity. Scenes jump from the deca-
dent. disillusioned journalists that Gibson
travels with. to Weaverand Gibson eyeball-
ing each other at a cocktail party. to Billy
Kwan hunched over his photographs of
poverty saying “What then must we do?"

t Regrettably. good plots were melted into a
. trail-hearted movie. Many characters were
I sacrificied for the' sake of quantity to
: becoming flat space fillers. Even the stars‘
igive reactions without displaying any ge-
nuine motivations. This is acting? This is
scriptwrlting? Too much of the movie relies ‘
on overdubbed biblical passages from Billy
Kwan like “We must give with love to
whoever God prrt in our path". and the
often-repeated "What then must we do?"
The questions of fighting poverty. of
human dignity. deserve a better vehicle
than A Year 0/ Living Dangerously. At
best. it should serve as a jumpoff point for
the potentially fascinating career of Linda
Hunt. if the movie-going audience will ap-
preciate her as an actress and not a freak
character. Special applause to Alison Bar-
ret. the film's casting director. for finding a
gem-like Hunt. But otherwise. all i can say
is that A Year a] Living Dangerously. like
any bad recipe. falls flat. i U

 

............ . .... ...-.......,.....“my..... ,....

count! I elation 9d

ure Pop ForﬂVr‘y Now 'eople‘

2): Cn'iOﬁt'Ufn}

:0...

www—

 

<

...\~.’—A¢~s,‘-..¢a ~...3'-

I

I

   

 

