am~ x~

w

mam-ww- W

Code Blue

i knew [had to play. had to get away
Didn't you think i was smart enough
Didn't you think I was strong enough
Didn't you think I was man enough
Rick James

T akenlon the whole there Is little
that is sacred in this world. Our
lives are filled with items to be
considered later. Later it usually has next to
nothlrrg to do with anything. Somehow
dreams are born In our Infinite tomorrows
and sometimes we have to be pushed into
doitrg the impossible. Once in each life.
events move at a pace that Is wtthlrr the
realm of iron-control. The state of affairs
was a line not the kind that is visible to the
eye. Rather an invisible sectioning off of
reality. it can be said then. that we all
define our lives by constantly sectioning
reality rrrto boxes of things we cart and can»
not exercise airy control over

Hubert-Kenneth Dickey

There has been a traditiotr which says
tirai eirltglilnient is gradual and that
everything cart be divided into degrees
Everything can be divuled into steps“ that
like anything else. knowledge can also be
divided: you can become more and more
wise. you can become more and trrore
enlightened. This has been widely ac‘
cepted because the human mind cannot
conceive of anything sudden. The mind
wants to divide. analyze The mind is a
divider Degrees can be understood by the
nilrid. but suddeiiiress rs non-mental. it is
beyond the rrrltrd.

if i were to say to you that you are ig-
norant and that gradually you will become

mm“ mannim;

 

 

 

 

wise. this is comprehensible You can coni-
prelrend it. if i were to say to you "No.
there is no gradual growth: either you are
ignorant or you become enlightened. tirere
is a sudden jump." then the question arises
of how to become enlightened. if there
were no gradualness. there could be no
progress. if there was no degree of growth.
no degrees; then you could riot make pro-
gress; you could not proceed. From where
do we beglrr. their? in a sudden explosion.

 

the beginning and the end are botlr the
same. There is no gap between the beginn-
ing and the end. so from where do we
begin? The beginning Is the end.

it becomes a puzzle for the mind; it
becomes a koan. Sudden eirlightmerrt
seems to be impossible. it is not that It Is Im-
possible. but that the mind cannot conceive
of it. Remember. how can the mind con-
ceive of enilghenment? it cannot. it has
been widely accepted that this inner explo-

' ly! There will be no gradual [ilriullt

 

   

his first hand account of life
behind the scenes in the
tumultuous world of accounting

is the third in a trilogy of a vibrant series
depicting the day to day life of those bass
lions of the business world. Financial Ac-
countants. Likel their previous books,
Meigs 81 Meigs open this potentially fast-
paced thriller by introducing and defining
the protagonist. BS Balance-Sheet
Street is then sent on a journey to seek out
and return the elusive accounting equa»
tion. Power and control belong to the per-
son who holds tlys formula. As iii the
other two books. Sheet is right on track
throughout the story as he encounters the
vrilainous paperwork of Debit and Credit
Menioranda; the undiluted greed of
Capitol Stock: and the frigid iinforgiveness
of Utrcollectable Accounts. This is a story
of courage in the face of treachery. honor
iii the face of adversity. and sleeplessness
in the face of boredom.

 

 

Joel Greenberg

 

B.S.Balance-Sheet is not alone in his
struggle for the elixer. Several organiza-
tions have sprung up in his path. The NC-
PA and the FASB have been created to
help Sheet in his Journey. but their intent is

 

mired by bungling beauracracies. Sheet is
chained down by details. and it seems as if
he will never complete his mission. Tire
authors introduce problems at the end of
each chapter to help the reader sympathize
with Street's hopeless frustration. but this
ploy only helps to chop up the story. As
Sheet is roped down by problems. so is the
reader; as the story progresses. hope is lost
for both that either one will make sense of
what is going on.

The authors use this story as a vehicle to
outline a major force iir our
society—greed. 'l‘lrerr's is a iron-committal
point of view; they give the pros and cons
(debits and credits of a social commentary.
as it were) of the issue. but they let the
reader decide between right and wrong.
indeed. the workbook is devoted to the
reader who would like to develop his own
opinion on the matter as the authors only
furnish a scant outline. Throughout the
story. BalanceSheet is confronted with the
task of making money. investment oppor-
tunities abound. in one nremorable scene.
the authors paint a poignant view of a
young man‘s rites of passage as Sheet
trades his innocence for preferred stock.
This book is about air age old struggle; a
struggle that has prompted riots and
revolutions; a struggle between those in

T if il_diii0ir

 ‘ Financial

. .1awuemwwartukwwwx—mM»: :1 "
.«Wmmv—

  Accoun tng

 

 

 

Passionate Trilogy Successful

power and those out of power; it Is a strug-
gle between man and his money.

Through their protagonist. the authors
portray the accounting world in a cold light
that illuminates. however briefly. all aspects
of the financial world. For example. Sheet
must confront the heartbreak of a State»
rrrerit of Retained Earnings. Will be over-
calcuiate his net income? Or. will be we
cunrb to the temptations of
underestimating his dividends? As Sheet
ponders these and other questions. the IRS
waits nervously in the background. ready
to pounce on any mistake. The plot
thickens.

From a technical poiirt of View. Financial

Accounting is as good as any other book of
its genre. The story develops classically
and predictably. Even though the authors
try to make it interesting. nothing can save
this tale because it is just not exciting. The
style and wording are both very dry. as can
be seen from this excerpt:
“What is accounting? Many people think
of accourrtlng as a highly technical field
which can only be understood by profes-
sional accountants. Actually. nearly
everyone practices accounting in one fornr
or another on an almost daily basis."

The story line is developed so stifin that
trot even BS. Balance Sheet can save it.
Sheet is the only character that lras poten-
tial. but the authors take the easy way out
by drawing a one dimensional piece of
paper as their main character. Because of
this restriction. there is no hope for a
human drama to unfold or for something
humorous to take place. Too bad.

What promised to be an exciting story
turned out to be another drab recital of ac-
cepted accounting principles. Despite this
fact. Financial Accounting, Third Edition is
selling well. Mcgraw-Hill plans on releas-
ing a fourth edition. They could be squeez-
Ing too much of a good thing; after three
editions. enough is enough. another edi-
tion would only help to confuse an already
bewildered readership. Even if the propos-
ed fourth edition ls printed. where on earth
will the publishers come up with another
took cover that coulddioid a candle to the.

ne on the third edition?. We must iwaltn
and see.

 

 
  

slon is also gradual growth. Even many
enlightened persons have conceded that to
our minds. and they have said. “Yes. there
is a gradual growth." It is not that there is.
They have said that it Is and etcepted your
attitude. your way of perception. They
have been In a deep compassion for you.
They know that If you start thinking that it
is gradual. the start will be good. but there
will be no gradual growth. if you start. it
you go on seeking it. someday the sudden
thing will happen to you. if it is said that
enlightenment is only sudden and iii)
gradual growth is possible. you are tint
even going to start and it will never liap-
pen. Many enlightened persons have said
that enlightenment Is a gradual tiring rust in
"help" us. to persuade us to start
Sometlrlng is possible through gradual
process. but not enlightenment For i‘krtiil'
pie. if you are tnakirrg water in t'Uilpiit-tli' ii
later. by heating it. evaporation Will . Him
suddenly. At a certain point. a lltliril'wl
degrees. evaporation will happen iil‘l i. .

 

ween water and vapor. You i :lltltlil .l i.
you cannot say that this wait-i r-. .-. t .
vapor and a little water. liitlrer if is wiin r m
it is all vapor. Suddenly the water )iiiiip- -.
to the state of vapor There rs a lump
gradual growth By heating yirtt ilt'
gradually glvlrrg heat to the water You viti'
helptrrg it to reach the hundred ili‘iili’t’
point. the evaporating point. This i~. .i
natural growth. Up to the evaporating
point. the water will grow in the sensi- ul
being rrrore and more hot. Then L’thliiilit'
tion will irappen suddenly.

A man has lust come into your office and
told you that his girl is less than fully
trustworthy. Then after all that Ire pulls out
a gun and proceeds to blow lrlmsell aan
A real nice way to start your workday
Well. at least the snow has stopped falling
“Miss Wilson, would you please Cillili' lil
hereer a moment. Don't bother with your
pad. you'll not be needing it at prt’si‘tri
Thank you." i just hope that Miss Wll'iilli
doesn't start to scream her fucking lI|'tlil
off.

"Sir. the um...clreese is on litre tiriw- ”
Miss Wilson says lirto the intercom with llii’
satne ease as someone having a illiivi‘. i

coronary. Things have a way oi going iii  

bad to worse. i guess that this situai.»
shouldn't be any different. “Agent X. .ii.‘
you there? Hello. X. where the hell i:.
you? it is not very nice to keep in in:
superior waiting."

"Hello. sir. sorry to have kept you for 
long. A small problem has arisen (luv i~
totally unforeseen circumstances. A illl'ii i
of yours. at least that's what ire told ittu‘
Has Just come into my office and don.»
away witir lrinrself iii a rather messy tour «iv
force."

“That's all very nice X. would you be all
kind as to tell me the gentlerrran‘s iltlllli'
That is if it is not too troubling to your 1“!
tured soul.”

"He said. that his name was W R | d
wards and that he and you had both .it
tended Eaton when you both were
younger. He also called you Did Teddy
Bear'. sir.”

"That is rather odd to say the least l)ltl.
Edwards talk about arrythtng else. before he
pulled the trigger on lrinrself.X?"

"Sir. all that he mentioned was some
personal matter between some woman and
himself."

“1 suggest that you deal with it lllt' bust
‘hal you cart. Agent X. Wirerr you haw
finished with this matter you can file a writ
ten report on the entire affair. it Is in illl‘
best interest of this agency and yourself that
you perform in your usual hrillant manner
l have the greatest confidence in your abilr
ty. X. i know that if anything can be done
you are the man for tlrejob. H] be speaking
to you later. Goodbye X. have a 90ml. If
not an altogether nice day."

The cheese can be a real first-class
asshole sometimes.

"Miss Wilson. would you please call lir-
ternal Affairs for me. Tell them that l have a
Code Blue on my hands. They‘ll know
what to do. i would also like some towels
and hot water."

“Sir do you still want me to come into
our office?" - . i v .

u’i‘httt'il not'be‘necessary for now. i mltlli‘
need your services later though." i l

—.—__....._._..._.—-—-~vv-_,
“~~r~r-—u~o..,......w.-.—r.— t. r 

 

 

don't think i will erier forget them

They were the days we really
didn't worry much about anything. we all
existed iii a klrrd of haze. . .days were
thought of iii an almost off-hand manner.
yet we all knew that everyday was special
I am not sure who was aware that they
would ever end. I tend to think that we all
assumed that our lives would continue in
the satire way indefinitely. (if its all. the i)ii'
ly one that tiright have realited just rvlrat
was going on was Nikki. although i am not
sure

Debbie Millman

Nikki had a way about her tirat was very
unique aiid different. although it is hard to
pinpoint esaclly what it was in her that was
so exceptional She wasn't really pretty.
though some people thought she was truly
beautiful She was klrid of skinny. with big.
dark brown eyes. and a crooked snrtle wrtlr
lots of teeth that weren‘t particularly
straight When she smiled that smile. she
could make atryoiie smile. when she
pouletl you wanted to reach out and touch
her. gather your arms around her arid hug
her. Wirat was the most striking thing about
Nikki was her hair. it was long and full. arid
curly. lt framed her face in waves and
somehow accented her cheekbones. She
used to twirl strands around her fingers
when she talked. arid after realizing what
she was doing slapped it back iii an-
iroyanre. She had no patience. and when
she talked her words tumbled out upon
one another and oftentimes you didn’t
really know what she was saying. But you
always nodded your tread In agreement.
because you just knew what she was saying
was right. That's the way Nikki was.
Everybody loved her. Looking back on it
now. i guess what she had that was so uni—
que was style. Her clothes were always
very different. Big and loose shirts. loud
scarves. faded derrims one size too small.
l-ler blazers were her grandfathers and her
sneakers were her brothers.

Whenever we went out with her. she
would entertain us in the most amusing
ways. She would do the most outrageous
things. She wasn't afraid of anything or
anybody. and she let you know that right
away. She could drink more than anyone.
and dance harder than anyone. play
harder than anyone. We would go to cafe's
and drink beer until we couldn't stand up.
aird their we stumble across the street to
the disco and dance until the place closed.
All of us would look for guys except Nikki.
lint most of the time she was the only one
who was approaclied.Slre would look at
these boys with her dark smoky eyes. and
she would apologize in the nicest way. but
no. she would whisper. she had a
boyfriend. They would go away and she
would look at us. roll her eyes and giggle a
little giggle that only Nikki could get away
with. We would say Nikki. who is your
boyfriend. who is he. you don't really iiauu
one. do you? arid she would laugh again
arid smile that crooked smile and say OI
course I do. i wouldn't lie. . .

But none of us ever saw her boyfriend.
She talked about litiii once. she told us he
iii/ed in her liorrretowrr and his name was
Stuart and that she wanted to have his
baby someday. Her father hated him. That
was about it. Every once in ti while she said
she got a letter from him. but none of us
ever saw them.

We continued to go out iir our usual style
every weekend One weekend Maggie got
approached by a boy and the next day we
heard all about how worrderiul he was.
Then Maggie spent weekends with him and
our group was a bit different. We teased
Maggie all the time about having a latter
and insisted on knowing all the details.
Then Maggie and Nikki would giggle know-
iirgly. The rest of us were jealous. l'm not
sure if we were Jealous over the fact that
Maggie had a" lover or the idea that Maggie
was somehow closer to Nikki.

it's not that we weren't close to Nikki.
We were all pretty inseparable. it is lust that
Nikki had this air about her that made her
different, i keep using that word because It
Is the only word i know to describe what set
her apart from the rest of us. There was no

I reriiember those days so well. i

 

 

'LI‘ﬁVv‘l'r.‘ - v m" ' 

 

A Separate Peace

 

 

 

 

 

 

She would look at these boys with her dark, smoky

eyes, and she would apologize in the nicest way,

but, “no,” she would whisper, “she had a

boyfriend.” They would go away and she would
look at us, roll her eyes and giggle a little giggle
only Nikki could get away with.

mysteriousness Nikki had surrounding her
It was almost as if we had created but
ourselves in order to have someone to take
us away from our selves She was our irr-
spiratiori and our delight We looked up to
her and we loved her And somehow. iii

the depths of my heart I felt that Nikki
needed my attention And i loved her for

if
About the middle of our senior semester

Nikki got a letter from Stuart asking her to
go away to liuiope wilir him She im~

mediater acc‘epted. We pleaded with her
to stay and graduate with us. but no. she
was adamant. she wanted to go. She didn't
care about graduation. she had never irr-
terided to graduate. She packed up her
things and left the next day for the airport.
There were those last tearful embraces that
never really express what you want them
to. and the lumps iii our throats that didn't
go away for a couple of days We really
didn't watrt her to go But she did-

'l'lrtrrgs \vt’ten't llli‘ ‘nlllil' for its after she
left We couldn't party as hard. and going
out didn't have the same meaning for us
We heard from her onie. siti' writ its a
posit’ard from lleiltn saying she was thJ‘
hard and tlral she uas having a wonderful
llllil.’ We didn't hear iltrlll lll'l again We
graduated iir May. arid | urowd iii the city
Maggie iriaittiid lu'r lliryftli'ttil. and | used
to go trtit atrd \Istl irei nine in a while Ur"-
tasiotrally we tallwd about Nikki but
neither of its \‘Vl'l heard anything from her
liwiitually l sltrpputl Visiting llI.'l

am working in the i av now. llive near
llll' Kiev. and I'm pretty happy Igii out a
lot One Saturday. about a war ago I was
reading Ill my livingriuirir when the
doorbell rang Itrpt'netl llit‘ door and Nikki
was standing there Her hair was cut very.
very short lint the smile was unmistakably
Nikki's i hugged her in llli' doorway and
felt her bones underneath her flannel shirt
She had lost weight [asked her iii and she
sat down. tudtati style. on my couch She
grasped her ankles and giggled. She was
still very beautiful We talked for hours and
hours i asked her about Stuart and Europe
and she said they still loved each other but
that they didn't see each other too nrucli
anymore. I asked about the baby She
looked down for a few minutes. When she
looked up her eyes were filled with tears.
One spilled over onto her cheek and she
impatiently pushed it away She laughed. it
wasn't that same giggle. Oh there
wasn't a baby. Deb. . i lost it. i didn't
know what to say She changed the con
versation. and we kept on talking. But
those smoky eyes of hers looked cold and
hurt. i wanted to ask her if she missed
Stuart but I didn't dare it was just beginn-
ing to get dark when site said she had to
leave. She took my hand fi’erirt-nibi'r
those days. f)eh?l nodded my head. She
continued. f'li tieucr [orgel fflt’tll. How
about you? i couldn't say anything i shook
my head Nikki left after that i closed the
door arid leaned against it I didn't know

. wiry. but i felt like crying lhaveir'l seen her

since

 

 

_ta_ngible reason other than the invisible

 

A Rose 15 A Rose 13 A Rose

he elusive vision of beauty; it
dances before my eyes as the
radio plays 1 ilroughl i had it

once. gazing upon Catherine Derreuve. the
French actress in “The Last Metro". but
alas-- she has a mair. she has children. and
thus she seems to have lost some of the
special t‘lrarm i saw lll'i with originally.

When i was iir lt'eland. the women with -

their high clreeklrom's arid wide. almond
eyes. i tlionglrt i saw my elusive beauty but
Iliad so little time that i had to leave before
making contact erat is this ideal that
dances before me but never becomes a
reality. for all my dreams airtl hours of coit~
templatlon?

 

i‘ ch of us has an ideal man or woman.
and in our days of making contact with
others. we try to meet them. We date and
maybe become more than friends but all to
meet tlra image and confirm it. We know it
exists because if it did not. then why do we
dream it? i have seeir it. at least i think i
did. once (i swear) walk past me as i sat in
the library lounge between periodicals and
reference. but as i go to up to pursue. she
was gone. 1 meet! upstairs. in the vain trope
that maybe she went up but nol...she was
gone. That's the breaks. kid.

 

She isn't a sexual tlii'itlll. sire is more a
sensual ideal But that is what is desired. a
figure not totally realistic. they are a dream.
They have no aspects that we «all human
We reach for our dream but the question
i*\'i.'llil we really want itJ ()m‘v (Uilfli'll'iL’tl.
isn't to find farili all the more easy? Would
that not destroy our Vision"

Each of us knows that the person we
dream |)i exists they appear in magazines.
books. iir lllt'illllS. arid once in a while.
walk past They are. to our all the‘nrore-
pessimistic minds. probably married.
serious with soiiieotre else. interested in the
wrong sex. or uninterested We may even
speak to them. but always we act “all-
wrong" Once in a while we find the right
body but the wrong personality. and the
person liL’CUtllL’S all the more beautiful for
that. but they are not our elusive beauty.
This is a game we play. maybe its evolu-
tionary. maybe its hereditary. but we want
to keep going and that vision irray be our
only reason to continue.

i tried to photograph trnages of my love
— it is mostly her eyes. No color in par-
ticular. its the way she looks at me. like she
knows and approves. but not to control me
but to complete me. She is not a
manlpulater. she is acontrlbuter. She is in-
telligent (hell. you have to something to

' talk about. you can‘t stare at her all the

 

time) She knows enough to talk about and
itilllllhllle. and enough to ask what she
doesn't know She puts you at ease. illttl
she has that effect on all sire meets There
is alol to her

The weather doesn't matter She warms
the snow and cools llli‘ heat She doesn't
t‘itllll‘lillll about the weather. she manages
through ll. like I do It isn't the coirditioirs.‘
as what you do with It You don't change
.i. sir live with it That's what i like about
'lt‘l

We have our lives I am not to drown
‘rers out. and she is not to stifle mine. We
respect one another. we do not crowd one
another out We can have totally different
interests birt we respect one another
enough and we are interested enough to
speak about them. She speaks well. She
holds my attention.

My vision probably doesn't exist. 1 trope
she does. i think we all do. She may not
corrre soon but it is worth waiting for. or
dreanrirrg about so i can write about her. it
is an exhaustiong journey in this world to
continue without sonre reward for our ef-
forts. so it Is best not to surrender these
dreams which drive us on but to retain In
our minds the knowledge that we may
never find it; for it is not the dream we need
but the power to continue to look for it.

perspective. 5a

A
S
p
E
C
T

S

cm. '

3;...

43:;--

 

 

 

 

