 

 

r

a

w. «a, .

M‘ 4. .wwor-rr-fmf-‘t‘u ..

 

 

 

2 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS El MA Y 6. I983

WORLDWIDE
—

Iran expels party

Nicosia. Cyprus
(AP) iran has dissolved the country's com-
munist party, saying its members spied for
foreign powers and gave arms to anti-
governmcnt groups. the ofﬁcial [NRA news
agency said today.

The announcement came a day after iran
expelled lB Soviets accused of interfering
with the country’s internal affairs and work-
ing with “treacherous and mercenary
agents" in the country.

The prosecutor general of iron. Hussein
Musavi Tabrizi. ordered the dissolution of
the pro-Moscow Tudcit Party on Wednesday
and told all members and supporters fo the
party to report to prosecutors' officers. iN-
RA said. '

Those who agreed to fill out a form would
be free. but those who failed to report by
May 7 in Tehran or .ltrne is in the rest of the
country would be prosecuted as a counter-
rcvolutionary and prosecttted. lNRA said.

Copter hit in Beirut

Beirut. Lebanon
(AP) A motorcade carrying President Antirt
Gcmayel made it back safely to tire presiden-
tiltl palace i'rom wcst Beirut dttring the shell-
irtg. htrt three machine-gun rounds tore
through a U.S. Marirte helicopter sertt aloft
with the Lcltthcrneck cornmartder. Col.
Jamcs Mead. liotlr Mead attd the pilot were
ttttllartttcd.
Marine spokcsruan Mltj. i-‘red Lash said
the chopper. which went aloft after French
peacekeeping positions were shelled. was hit.

 

in the underside. the crew door and the rotor
blade over the Christian village of Souk ai-V
Ciharb. six miles southeast of Beirut. The
Christians denied responsibility.

The French contingent said one French

soldier was slightly wounded by shrapnel at_
the French military communications center
next to French Ambassador Paul-Marc
Henry's residence in suburban Baabda. five
miles southeast of Beirut.
' Oemayel. who was in west Beirut meeting
with Moslem leaders when the shelling began.
returned safely to the Baabda presidential‘
palace. He was believed to have crossed to-
cast Beirut along a road slteiied in the early
stages of the bombardment, but there was no
,indication he was a target of the attack.

N WID'

i

 

  

NRC warns nukes

Washington. D. C.
(AP) The lndian i’oint power plants in
Westchestcr County will be shtrt down next
month unless their owners irnprovc plans for
responding to an emergency. the Nuclear
Regulatory Commission said Thursday.

The lndian Point complex. 30 miles north
of New York City, would be the first in the
natiort to be closed on the grounds tltat
authorities are unable to ensure that a stir-
rounding iO-miic rortc cart be quickly
cvrrcuatcd. That t‘cqtlit’clllcnl was imposed
after the 197‘) accidcrtt at Three Mile Island
in Pennsylvania.

Utility spokesmen. who claittt lttdiatt
Point's ctrrrcttt preparations rrrc adequate.
nonetheless said they will trike steps to satisfy
the NRC before the .lune 1) dcadlirtc the corrr-
mission sct t'or its final action.

Some critics of the utilities ltaiicd the corn—

 

crucial

 

mission’s unanimous vote as a victory in their'
fight to close the plants. while others said the
NRC should have ordered an immediate
shutdown.

"if emergency planning is to have any
meaning, we must be prepared to do what we
said we would." Cotnmtssioncr John F.
Ahearne said. “Many people are watching to
see if we stand behind our regulations.

if we do not, i expect emergency planning
will rapidly deteriorate nationwide."

Freeze vote passes

Washington. D. C.
(AP) Botlt sides claimed victory after the
House passed by a hefty l29-votc margin a
long-debated resolution calling for a “mutual
and verifiable freeze" on U.S. and Soviet
nuclear arsenals.

Republicans allied with President Reagan
in opposing the measure said they won
language linking a freeze with
weapons reductions. Freeze advoeates.
ltowever. asserted that the basic aim of
halting the superpower arms race had emerg-
cd unscathed.

"This is a unique instance in the history of
arms control." declared House Speaker
Thomas P. O'Neill .ir. (D-Mass.) just before
Wednesday’s 278-149 final vote on tile
resolution, which had growrt out of a
grassroots freeze movement spreading na-
tionwide from a handful of town meetings.

The vote — culminating more titan 40
ltotrrs ol‘ dcbttte over six days - cattte al'ter
GOP leaders sci/ed on the announccrrrcnt of
a new Soviet arms rcdrtctiott proposal. saying
Moscow's offer showed the need for givittg
Rcagatt more negotiating flexibility.

Tltc freeze resolution. which is nort-
bindittg attd lrtrgcly symbolic. now goes to the
chrrbiicart-controlicd Senate. where its late
is uncertain.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

STATEWIDE
—

:State workers fired

Albany
(AP) The state's work force has more titan
|.400 fewar jobs today.

However. state ofﬁcials said some of tire
more than 1,400 workers fired froru their
jobs on Wednesday may already be working
in other positions today and that many more
could soon be back on the state payroll.

The first round of state worker layoffs
went into effect at the close of business
Wednesday as part of Gov. Mario ('rromo's
plan to reduce the state work force to irpr
.closc what he had said could be a SI .8 billion
budget deficit.

Some l.29l permanent positiorts and tin
temporary positions were cut, said (‘arol
Schlageter-Chady. a spokeswoman for the
state Office of Employee Reiatiorts.

“We are certain the rtumbcr of itttrrtart Itc-
tngs affected is less." site said wltiic explain-
ing that each state agency is trying to match
available state jobs with the qualifications ot
ithe workers bcirtg fired.

Poisons covered up

UItirlItt/rllt'. .V. i’.
(Al') l'iigh-ranking White House oft all.
were aware as early as i965 of the port-rural
bounds of the herbicide Agent Orange ithi
iii Vietnam jttttgles to destroy cttcttty corcr.
according to an atlorttcy for l)ow ('ltcmrtal
('0.

At art Agcrtt Orange hearing held \\’ctitrcv
tiny itt U.S. District (‘ottt't in liniortrlaic.
Dow lawyer Leonard Rivkin r ‘rrd ittto tlrc
record a statement saying Secretary oi
Defense Robert McNamara "v'as told that
dioxin was ill 2. 4. 5. 'l‘ and Agcttt Orange in
1965" according to Dr. (iordon McDonald.
a tttctnber of tile President‘s Science Ari
visory Committee dttrittg the Johnson ad
tttittistratiott.

Rivkitt said McDonald‘s statements were
contained in a deposition he gave two weeks
ago.

Rivkin said that McNamara was cotttactcd
bttt told Dow attorneys he did not recall the
meeting.

Fish cause disease

Rochester
(AP) The troubles are not over for New
Yorkers who got sick recently front catirtg
tainted clams or oysters, state ltealtlt officials
said Thursday.

Unless they are treated with immune serum
globulin. health officials say. they rtrn a risk
of contracting hepatitis-A. a blood disease
that causes inflammation of“ the liver.

Anyone who suffered nausea. vomiting.
fever or diarrhea witltin lltrce days after
eating raw or steamed clams or oysters ill the
past two weeks should imcmdiately see a doc»
ior or contact the local health dcparttttcrtt.
state Hclath Department spokesman William
Fagcl said.

Tltc state Health Department issncd a
statewide ban last week on the sale of clams
supplied by l’ortsidc Sea Food Co, of Sui-
folk County. the source of some of the
tainted shellfish.

 

 

noon at the Albany Public Library.
Washington Ave.,

The Hudson Valley Girl Scout
Albany.

cll 25th anniversary celebration will

Coun- for Monday, May 23. at 7:30 pm at

the Lung Association Office. 8

The annual genealogical con-
ference and book fair will be held on
Saturday. May 14. item 9:30 am to
3:30 pm In tho Harmanus Blacker
Auditorium at the Albany Public
Library. 161 Washington Avenue.
Albany. Dr. Howard Hagemam will
discuss the Archives of the Reform-
ed Church In America.

Albany's Schuyler Mansion State
Historic Site, 32 Catherine Street,
and its surrounding South End
neighborhood will be the center of a
Spring Feat on Saturday. May 7.
from 11 am to 4 pm. Featured will be
a sell-guided open house walking
tour of some of Albany's oldest
‘atructurea in various stages of

requested for the walking tour. Ad-
mission to the Schuyler Mansion in
free. r

 

 

 

rehabilitation. A $3 donation will be.

PREVW OF EVENTS 

The Pinksterlast, Albany's annual
celebration ol spring with over 400
food and cralt vendors will be held
on Saturday. May 14 and Sunday.
May 15 at Washington Park.
Pinkstortest is being run in conjunc-
tion with the Albany Tulip Festival
from t to 6 pm. For more informa-
tlnn Call 462-8711.

A Public Hearing to be conducted
by the Board of Trustees of State
University at New York will be held
on May'tB. 1983 at the Fashion in-
stitute of Technology. 227 West
27th Street and 8th Ava.. NY.NY.
The hearing will include statements
concerning University wide issues.
The Capital District Humanities
Program I: sponsoring a Dutch lac-
ture series from May 941 In celebra-

tion of Albany's Dutch heritage. All.

three free lectures will be held at
u”:

munity. educational and cultural
organizations in the Capital District
oliering quality programs for area
adults. For iniormation call
462-0818.

Ettore Scola's film. a reflective com-
ady "We All Loved Each Other So
Much" Will be presented at the
Third Street Theatre, Rensaetaer, on
Monday. May am at 7 and 9:30 pm.
The showing Is to beneilt the Social
Action Center, a conglomerate oi
peace and social justice organiza-
one.

William H. Carr J.H.s. will hold a
buffet dinner on Friday evening.
May 13. to mark its Silver Anniver-
aary. Alumni. former staff members
and friends of the school are invited
to attend the gala which will be held
at the school. Tickets are $12.50 per
person. For more information con-
tact: Mrs. Soliy Silverrnan. William
H. Carr J.H.8. 194, 154-00 17th
Avenue. Whltoatone. NY 11357.

be held on May 7 from 9:30 am to
4:30 pm in the Empire State Plaza
Convention Center. Over 100 booths
will present demonstrations and on
hand activities for the public. Ad-
mission is $1 at the door. For more
iniormatlon call 439-4936.

The Role of Non-Violence in Libera-
tlon Struggles: Dilemmas and
Strategies will be the subject of a
talk and discussion led by William
Sundetlln on Wednesday. May 11.
at 7:30 pm in Channlng Hall, 405
Washington Ave.. Albany. Sundariln
has served as a staff person at the
Syracuse Peace Council. A $2 dona-
tion is requested.

The American Lung Association is
holding an orientation meeting for
its three day tail bike-a-thon. The
bike-a-thon will go through Vermont
lrom Friday. September 23. to Sun-
day. September 25. The orientation
meeting on safety. equipniont
Mode and iundraiaing is scheduled

-  14;.
l t

s not. .;.u-:r-....-r.. N.  m...

Mountain View Avenue. Colonic.
For more Information call 459-4197.
A Bike Path cleanup tor the Colonic
Town Park Is scheduled for May 14
at 1:00. The clean up is being spon-
sored by lelng Resources Corp.. a
voluntary non-proilt agency which
provides resources to disabled
adults. For more information con-
tact Joan Werner at 436-0731.

Schenectady County Community
College will hold its third annual
Scholarship Dance. "An Evening at
the Van Curler" on Saturday, May
21. For more information call the

Student Activities Office at
3-16-8211.
Attention international students.

Pr. Ward will be holding a special

meeting on the upcoming tuition In-

crease. oit-campua work permis-

sion, and new immigration teguia-

tiona on Thursday. May 19. at 2 pm

Lt: the Campus Center Assembly
all.

 

 

 

 

By Anthony Silher

.\ll(‘l.rl II All ll'.\' IlllltiR

  

 

Erastus Corning it will never be well
cnortglt to go back to work. according to
Thomas Wltalett. President of Albany‘s
Cotnnton Council. artd tic.\i in lirte to be
Mayor of Albany.

Speaking ttl a press conference itt a
SUNYA journalism class Tuesday night.
Witulcn. who is in effect tltc actirtg mayor.
adtrtittcd that the city has been having some
problems ttrttttittg smoothly with its tttayot.
fighting for his life. in a iiostorr hospital and
ottt of tottclt with city affairs liince ()ctobcr.

Asked whether people now feel chcatetl by
not lttrvirtg a full-time mayor. \Vhrticn said he

 

'Whalcn said. day to day operations are con-

dtrctcd largely by art irtforrnai cottttttittee
comprised of Whalen. Corporation Counsel
Vincent McArdlc. Comptroller Charles Hem-
irtgvvay. and Deputy Comptroller Bob Kukla.
Meeting once a week. “the four of us really
rtttt the city." said Whalen. adding that ac-
tual control could be narrowed dowtt to him
and McArdlc. who ntch every day.

Whalen downplayed the possibility of a
power struggle after ('ortting passes front tire
scene ltc tlotttittatcrl for so lottg. “Corning
wore two hats -- ('orrrrty Democratic Chair-
man and mayor --- w iriclt will never lrgttitt be
worn by the same person." Whalen said.
“lint i like to think tltc orgttrti/tttiou will re-
rttaitt in good vhapc. Mayor of ltcnssclaer lid
-

“It is true the mayor has been out
of touch. But the mayor is still the
mayor in every way.”

—-— Common Council President Thomas Whalen

 

didn't think ortc would ltcat tttarty people
vaying that. but it was a pcrtittcrtt qucstion.
"it is trrtc the tttayor has bccrt ottt of touch."
ltc said. "but lltc mayor is still tltc truton itt
every way. He is tltc longest iClltti'Ud mayor ill
the city's histor' attd a legend itt his owrt
time." Whalen said. “anti ltc deserves ottr
respect." liven if people are dissatisfied. he
added. “no one will challenge itirtt."

Altltotrglt Corning has not formally turned
over any powers. Whalen is effectively serv-
ittg as acting mayor as well as ltolding down
his post as Common Council President and
maintaining a private law practice. Regarding
his ability to devote only part of his little to
runtting tltc city. Whalen said "i make my
living as a lawyer. i do the best i call even
though I itavc two jobs."

With the rttttyor trrtabic to rtrrt the city.

()‘lirictr is ('ornirtg's hand-picked successor
as County (‘ltair man. and is pretty trttrclt rrn-
chalicrtged," said Whalen. also adding that

he doesn't think anyone is in a position to

challenge Ititn for mayor.

\k’httictt said he was aware of the ha/ards
of succeeding a person of ('otrting's staiurc.
intt that he is trot too concerned about it. anti
ltc cmpltasi/cd that Ire planned no dramatic
action upon assuming office. "That is a very
scnvitive question." he said. "attd i don‘t
think a dratttatic act would be good for tile
city. There would be personnel changes —
gradually.”

Asked whether Mayor ('orniug's image has
bccrt tarnished itt tltc last year by his failure
to step down. Wbalcrt said. “You cart answer
that better titan i call. i trope irt all his ac-
complishments. which are substantial. itc will

MAY6, I983 Ct ALBANY STUDENTPRESS a I

Whalen says Corning-will not resume position

be remembered as a great man.“

Wltalcn described (‘orrting‘s style during
his lottg tcttttre as being totally involved. "if
a woman called to say ltcr cat was stuck ill a
tree in the park." said Whalen. “the mayor
himself would take care of it rather tltatt let
the park superintendent handle it. Erastus
Corning thrived on this sort of thing." he ad-

cd.

Tltc recent controversy over a student re-
quest to use Washington Park for a party
figttred prornincttiiy irt the questions of the
student audience. Whalen opened tltc cott-
i‘etcrtcc with a statement on the subject. Ac—
cording to tire zlllmlti' Slur/en! Press. the
students organi/iug tltc party fclt they had
received permission to use the park artd itad
corttplicd with city requirements. artrl held
that the subsequent cancellation of their per-
mission was tliscrirrtirtatton against students
attd a violation of their ('onstittniottal rights.

According to \Vhalcn..Aliurn) l’oiicc (‘hief
litornas ii. liurkc called ltittt and said that
i’olicc could not handle tlrc c\pccted crowd
oi lltiii on tile grounds ol security. Whalen
said that rtot knowing the permit had been
issued. ltc decidcd not to let the students use
the park. This resulted irt 4| court action by
studcttts. who won a tcttrpotary restraining
order and ttltitttulcly hcld thc p.tlt_\ last Sutt-
day.

lltc .vlSI‘ also reported that \\'halcn stiiti he
was worrtcri about a sttrrlcttt uprising. brtt
\Vltalcrt saurl "l ttcvcr mid to anyone that l
was worried about a student uprising. l was
worried about tltc l‘trlip l-‘cstival. which is all
important went for tltc city." Whalen
asvcttcd that he tell students rttc a great asset
to tltc community. and that there needs to be
tnorc riialoguc hctwcen the two groups.

Asked to comment on the apparent lack of
coordination among branches of the govcrrt-
tttcrtt ill the \\’ashingtorr l’ark irtcidcnt attd a
similar ittcidcttt regarding a pctrnit issued to
Key Iiank to erect a tnasshc sign at the top oi'
Iits downtown building. Whalen said. "This is
not all that uncommon. lint altcr having a
tnayor for 42 year s. people got used to relying
on him. Now things are falling bctwcctr the

 

 

4
WIN. VURMAN UPS
Albany Mayor, Erastgagsrnlna i!

“xi legerlrl in llf\ oil-rt fiIIlL'. "

cracks. and Department Heads are finding
they tune to tci) on tirctnsclvcs."

lit a cll'ort to ptctcut mivupv like
\\’avhington Park and the Kcy liank sign.
Whalen su'rl "We hate issued a tncntoran-
duttt to all people capable of issuing permits
saying that the) have to clcat all permits with
ttte or McAldlc. l was ttyirtg to get tltcttt to
tltirtk how will their decision affect the
Police? tltc iitc UL'DitlllllL‘nl'.’ Public
Works?"

The lrottt and a half press conference was
marked by incisive. sometimes sharp ques-
tioning. if at a rather slow pace. attd close at-
tention to Whalen by the students. artd can-
did. thoughtful answcrs by Whalen. in his
final remarks. Whalen praised the students
artd advised thctrt that good relations bet-
ween titc ptcss attd public oit'icials depends
on fairness. "lie objective. be sharp." ltc
said. "but be fair." i t'

Student voting rights pending final judgment

 

ily Antltoay her and
Debbie Judge

A final judgment is expected vvitirirt six
wccks on a student irtitiatcd court action to
obtain voting status itt their college corrt-
mttnitics. according to Ronald Sitt/hcimcr.
attorney for tile Student Association of the
State University.

SASU. along with tltc New York Public in-
terest Group and tile New York Civil Libel-
tics Union. brought the case before tltc US.
District court for rtorthcrrt chv York on
'l‘trcsdrty seeking summary .iudgcment on it
tcrrrporary injuctiorr issued about a year ago
rcquirtng Albany and Ulster counties to

register students as tltcy would any other r'csi-
dcrn.

 

 
  
 

 

 

  
 

tvr'.~.A' VI 'r 4.5,: .m-
tTha.aiate Asaambi .chamber in the Cd ital. . . _ 2.“. .. _  . _ . . . _ I
' S'ltrrirln'lufrr‘iﬂiig rrg Is passed lire 7is.v'errr7)iy ﬁlm/'5 5. llmrrllarrk tn Sena e rs'liit'ak.

"‘l “U policy at issue today." said
icgislatitc Director of NYl'lRU Allitttt
Malkin. “like tltc poll Ins and literacy test
that preceded it. is outright discrirnirurtiou.
We hope the cottrt will abolish it, not only
for tltc students of New York. bttt for
cvcryonc who bclic\cs III the basics oi
dcmocracy."

According to a NYl’IRG news release. the
suit aims to declare New York state constitu-
tiort article ll section 4 and iilection Law
S-ltki. ttttconslittttiortal. Thch sections. ac-
cording to tire t'eicasc. arc used by court-
ty electrons boards to dcn)’ students the right
to register to vote irt their college corrt-
tnuuitics.

The suit also aims to pcttrtartcntly cttjoirt
courtly cicctiorts boards front requiring arty

 

           

additional docutttcttlation itonr college
students beyond that required of all otltcr ap-
plicnnts. unless a courtly board has
reasonable grounds to believe that an ill-
ditititrais tlrrrrn of tcvidcrtcy is untrue; atrd to
pctrttancntb cttjoin tltc courtly boards from
adopting or pursuing any registration policy
that discriminates against studcrtts.

“A favorable decision." according to
fortttcr 5A prcsiticrtt Mikc ('orso. who has
bccrt actitc ill the litigation. "will allow
students to totc in their college conttnttnitics
throughout the state."

The temporary injunction isvttctl by .lttdgc
Neal tvic('trrn applied only to liistct attd
Albany countics. and is ill effect pending a
summary tiL‘t‘isitJli.

Members ot' the

New York State

 

             

 

Legislature have bccrt working l'or several
yctrrs to rcfor Ill sltttc cicction llrws along litres
similar to the current suit. Most recently. the
assembly passed a bill on Aprrl 27th reflec-
lirtg the position of the suit. arid a companion
bill is currently ill the Senate lzlcctions Corn-
rttittcc.

Accortirrtg to Senator Martin ('ortnor.
(D-lirookb ill a rrrctttbcr of the elections com—
tttittcc. the bill would strike all discl‘itttittatory
criteria from crttrcttt election laws.

“Courts have not said students cannot
register in their college cotntttuttitics." ('on-
ttcr t‘kpiiiiilcd. “they call only deal with a
spccific ctlsc or cases. Now. the court will
wciglt all ctrcntitstrrrtccs of rcsuicncc using the
basis that there liill\i bc ttrthuitocal intent to
change :ttititcu. itt dcrrling with cases of col-
lcgc \llltit'llls, ()IHiUlINik” irc .rtldcd. “ii one
is living Iii .r tiorrn. tlrctc's trot uncrptimcni
intent to \ lrtrttgc tttititt‘sv.”

l’oliticlrllv. (‘onnot ﬁnd. support for stu-
tlcttt cicctrritt relornt tails gcncrnlh along par-
t_v lincs with the l)crtroi‘r;tts or and tile

‘r tIIlNl. "chttblictttts lend to
be conscrvatbc." he said. " i'ltc) don't want
big election titivcs wiltclr tctrd to register
black. students .rmi others who tcrtd to vote
Democratic."

“'l'hc bill will ttcicr cotrtc ortt oi the com-
rttiltcc“ ttt tltc Republican dominatch Senate.
itc concluded.

('ounsci to the Republicans on tile Senate
Elections ('onlntittcc ihontus Splttgo.
however. said that the committee is waiting
for the court to act before it does. “ the court
has made some preliminary decisions to allow
students ill some counties to register. httt no
decision has been illiitic for the ctttire state."
ltc said.

“in view of the fact that the court is lili)\v
ing toward cstablishing guidelines." said
Spargo, “i don‘t think we will change tltc
law." I V .
Spargo contended that on one hand the
committee was LiL’sifﬂilS of having every stu-
‘Licnt vote treely. but on the other irartd many

7:
,.
7

 

‘ '2, 1' luduersc consequences would be opettudttii‘
VIYDE'VFI“; -' ﬂailiwdw J Erik-5&5! v1 4' ‘iniiiﬂjitLthMle
9

 

