3"..- wowofsv" V - ‘

M....-V.W .. .
Iasw.... . a.» __.—-MWWJ.’W“ s

 

.l
5
fl:
I}:

 

 

 

 

«x

 
  
  
  
 
 
  
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
  
  
  

' _ r ’ ' ’ " ' DECEMBER
‘ ~18 ASPECTS on ruesonvm

Cannibals And Collectables

1983 Musical Rndup

v n the world of 'music. Michael

Jackson is unquestionably 1983's

Man of the Year. Mr. Jackson's se-
cond solo LP. Thriller. topped the charts for
most of the year. It Included six top ten
singles. three of which hit number one on
the Billboard chart. Counting his current
duet with Paul McCartney. “Say Say Say.“
Michael placed seven singles in the top ten.
the most since the beatles landed eleven hlts
In 1964.

 Singer

 

 

While Michael was tearing up the charts.
the country was reminded of his roots. as his
record company from the days of the
Jackson 5. Motown. celebrated Its 25th an-
niversary. The Motown sound produced a
collection of music which has had an Incredi-
ble inﬂuence on the entire music Industry.
past to present. in celebration of the anniver-
sary. NBC televised a fantastic gala. featur-
Ing all of the "old Motown stars —— Smokey
Robinson and the Miracles. Diana Ross and
the Supremes. The Temptations. the Four
Tops. and The Jacksons. among many
others. »

Meanwhile. MTV continued to grow in
popularity. My favorite videos were the In-
novatlve ones. Billy Joel's “Tell Her About
it" was a breakthrough. giving the MTV au-
dience more than a mere lip-synching or
performance video. It's more like a mini-
movie. since It displays characters who the
viewer can relate to. and an understandable
plot. Michael Jackson's "Thriller" premiered
on MTV this past Friday. and It received
more press coverage before its release than
any previous video. It's a fourteen minute
eplc directed by John Landis of “Animal
House" and “American Werewolf In Lon-

don" fame. Costing over $500.000 to pro-
duce this video Is the most Imaginative one
yet. complete with “Night of the living Dead"
— type ghouls and a funny rap by Vincent
Price. Herbie Hancock's “Rock It" and the
Rolling Stones' "Under Cover of the Night"
were also very creative.

A lot of breakups of bands took place this
year. Yaz broke up after their second LP.
Fun Boy Three came out with a great album.

' "Waiting." and then broke up. At the same
time. their old band. The Specials. released

Ad Astra: The Heights Or Nothing

good novel will leave you with

something to savor after you've read

it. You feel the movement of life

within yourself. and you partake In the emo-

tional ups and downs of each of the

characters. Such is the case In Cynthia

Ozick's latest novel. The Cannibal Galaxy.

One cannot help but feel grief at the loss of

dreams. and the death of the characters
hopes.

Rina Young,

 

After 17 years. Cynthia Ozick returns to
the genre of the novel with'great artistry.
weaving a tale of great passion and quiet
disillusionment. Her style pulls us into her
themes. which portray the bare everyday
lives of her characters. She breathes life into
them with depth and acuity. The story takes
on a.texture and substance that is often
glossed over in today's escapist literature.

With powerful metaphor. Cynthia Ozick
brings to life Joseph Brill. a bachelor and
prinipal of the Edmond Fleg school in Middle
'America. Brill Is a French-born Jew who sur-
vived World War II and the Holocaust under
the care of four nuns who kept him In hiding.
He later escaped to America. where he lives
out his dream of becoming an educator. This
Inspiration came to him while In the base-
ment of the convent. During his time In
hiding. he discovered the writer Edmond
Fieg. whose work led him to introduce the
Dual Curriculum.“one half concentrating on
the Tresures of Western Culture. the other
half givrn over. In their original tounges. to
the Priceless Legacy of Scripture and Com-
mentaries." The goal of this was to Iristltute
the values that have been passed down

 
 
  

their first LP since the three fun boys left.
After their third and most successful LP. The
English Beat was shaken up by the departure
of Ranking Roger and Dave Wakellng. who
have joined forces with Mick Jones. recently
booted from The Clash.

The new psychedelic movement. the
latest musical trend. made Its biggest strides
in 1983 with releases from The Three
O'Clock. True West. Green on Red. The
Rain Parade. and an LP expected from The
Dream Syndicate. recently signed to a major
label.

In other contract signing news. The Roll
ing Stones signed a 15-year contract will
CBS Records this year. which will keep Micl
at CBS until he's 55 years old.

Besides Michael Jackson's Thriller. my
picks for the best records of 1983 are as
follows. (in no particular order):

Elvis Costello and the Attractions —
Punch the Clock — (CBS): Elvls' most com-
mercially successful LP was produced by
Madness' producers. Alan Winstanley and
Clive Langer. He has added a horn section

 

 

and female backing vocalists. which has

through the generations. along with
knowlege of the modern world.

Leaving France. Joseph Brill brings his
dreams and visions with him. only to find
them unfulfilled as the years go on. He sear-
ches among the students for the light and
promise of his younger days. but he soon
finds that he has made no difference. The
children pass through his school untouched
by him and his dream. "Nothing moved.
Nothing altered . . . the same. the same.
the same . . . Nature replaces. replaces
Identically. replaces killingly."

He loses the energy to shoot for the stars.
No longer Is the force within him to propel
him toward his goals.

Before World War 11. Joseph Brill had
studied astronomy. He looked up Into the
heavens for what he could not find within
himself on earth. Yet he gave up this practice
before reaching his goals. and went in pur-
suit of another profession. He founded and
became the principal of the Edmond Fleg
school. and put into It all that he could to
make it great.

It was "among all these children he longed
for the child he had once been . . . He
understood that the wish for boyhood was a
simple-minded wish for the return of beauty
and burnished hope." Yet. the results are
disheartening to him. and he resigns himself
to his disillusionment. living his life In
hopeless mediocrity without change.

One year. he thinks that things will
change. He once again seeks the bridge to
his dreams when Hester Lilt enrolls her
daughter Into the school. Hester LIlt Is a
distinguished writer of metaphysics and
logic. He envisions that he has come In con-
tact with “the scarlet flare of his own bright

dream." Yet. In his heady vision of the

 

 

 

 

' Dove’- plclr hit of the year: Michael Jackaon'o Thriller.

 

 

  

 

strengthened his position as one of the con-
sistently great lyricists and performers
around today.

X — More Fun in the New World —— (Elec-
tra): This group has put it all together on this
record. Exene Cervenka and John Doe have
written an album full of catchy songs with
plenty of potential for commercial success.
without changing their hard driving sound.
They're definitely one of the best U.S. bands
around today.

Violent Femmes —— Violent Femmes —
(Slash): Chrissie Hynde of The Pretenders
dId us a big favor when she discovered the
Femmes playing on a street corner in
Milwaukee. Their debut LP Is emotional. ex-
citing. anrl never lets down. The Femmes
combine lead singer Gordon Gano's pas-
sionate screams with Intricate musical pat-
terns that seem to fit his voice to perfection.

REM — Murmer v (IRS): Murmer was no
letdown from REM's amazing debut record.
the EP Croni'c Town. The boys from
Athens. Ga. have received some commer
cial airplay with "Radio Free Europe." and
they reached their high point. opening for

mother. he is blind to the sheer normalcy of
her daughter. Beulah. Joseph constantly
assails the mother to try to uncover the secret
behind the simple daughter. He tries to
penetrate the sealed-off caverns of Beulah's
mind that would allow him entrance into her
mother's world. a world that promises him
the visions that he has lost. He confesses to
Hester. “You know l used to be an
astronomer. If I asked you to (come to the
school to speak). It's only because I'm still In
pursuit of the stars."

In conversations with Hester. Joseph
never quite reaches the Inner core of her
mind — what comprises her being and her
thoughts about her ordinary daughter. He
cannot fathom that the daughter Is a true
product of her mother. She asks him why he
gave up astronomy. “‘For me. it was the
heights or nothing."' And she replies. "‘It
:ilght‘tlrave been the heights. You stoped too
"3221“. And this Is Joseph Brill's tragic

The title of the book suggests a tension
that runs throughout the story. it is Hester
on: reveals to us that the cannibal galaxy Is
“whose megalosaurtan colonies o
dial gases devour smaller brother-9:152:20:-
and when the meal Is made. the victim con-
tinues to rotate like a Jonah‘dervish inside
the cannibal. while the sated ogre-galaxy Its
gaseous belly stretched. soporiflc. ne'ver

spins at all __
Dea‘h'" motionless as digesting

. uses Hester of can-
aughter. She compen-

  

The Police at Shea Stadium
lb The Three OClOtflf‘ Sixteen Tam.

ourlnes —- (Frontier). Itw'l'lirce 0'0 1.
the best of the new psychedelic trti"X "
nalssance. This is the first Li’ from tlrisl'e'
after a great EP called “lirrroriuo l‘liiedoiindl

Madonna -— Madonlitt ' IgttellMadin
na Is the hottest new tiitist III the (llSCOiIll'
year. Song after song on this (lt‘bul His
great and danceable. "

Talking Heads ~ Spi'tiliiiii) in Tong“...
(Sire): David Byrne and my new coniinurh
be Innovative and exciting. and lln\’0iima,j
commercial success on llit’il IlrliltlS with ii
LP which includes their biggest clirriihrS
"Burning Down the Home " '

The Style Council Introducing -
(Polygram): Last year's breakup of the Jim
was so great loss. However. Paul Weiirr
wrote and sang all of the Songs on this mini-
LP. so it comes as no surprise that hisnei
band Is great. This new Weller pfolett
reveals his love for 60's soul music. andhe
pulls the project off without sounding Iriteor
boring.

Other notable releases were Let‘s Aciire‘r
Afoot. R.E.M. producer Mitch Easiei'i
band. Fun Boy Three's Wailing. The Alarm
debut EP. Aztec Camertr's Highland Hard
Rain. David Bowie's Let's Dance. Spanditi
Ballet's True. Big Country's The Crossing.
Marshall Crenshaw's Flt'ld Day. Bob Dylan's
Infidels. and The Bongos' first release oni
major label. Numbers Wiili Wings.

A great album released this year that isn't
really new is The .lrrm's two-record air
thology. Snap. The album does justice to
The Jam's six year lil‘rltiiy. illld it would
make a great Xmas prw-nt Armiharrny
enjoyable compilation “‘4 Hill titt‘Cilllyit’ltai'
ed. Is the soundtrack to lIiL‘ movie The 5';
Chill. 0n Motown Rt‘t'tlltls To (StiIIlCItIEII‘IIlI
their 25th anniversary. Motown rucordsalic

released several new twililiilrtlititt records
due to a rejuvenated [)itjitllritlly surrounding
many of that labels formur .rritsts
Lately. the major [L't out i rrrrrprrrrrcshiie
become more advetttiiirrr.. ~iijiitltgsoiricul

the great bands from HIV I i H riirdcigiiiurid.
like the Bongos rilltl Iliv Inmrrr Syndicate
This is it trend that. If \\|"It‘ itiiity. \\‘lllpii}'
vlde us as consumers itiiIr innit-r tiCECSSIU
fresh new music

 

 

sates for Beulah's shortcomings by making
them the basis for her own great work.
thereby rattonalizing the existence of the or-
dlnary by making it the antithesis of harm
being.

Cynthia Ozick gives us an intricate vlewiri~
to the psyches of her characters. and allows
us to feel the pain of silence. of missing the
mark for a fear of overstepping it. The tone
of the book is one of dampened hope
Through description of and insights into the
characters. one feels their vitality slowly
draining away as they slip into their fated
futures.

The book starts out optimistically as“
see the world through one who has mini
questions about himself and the Wild
around him. a seeker of knowledge Wli°
wishes to gain all that he can In the wordsol
his mentor. Rabbi Putt. With the love oflear
ning comes the love of whoever learns it)
the absence of the love oI learning thtiteciIn
only be self-love." While hiding during
World War II. the world of ideas saves Brill5
sanity. The Ideals that Joseph Brill devaioP‘
through his reading become the basic struc-
ture upon which his school is based. AS”:
years go by. the Ideals grow old and the
structure begins to falter. New Ideas '39
their place and the old ones tire buried dug
within Britt's mind. He cannot coan'el‘e“
Why these Ideals have failed him. and he”
left uestlonlng his past. ‘

Gambia Ozik writes with .r iiowrng still:
that Is easy to read. but not easy enaug re
shut one's mind off and prevent Penal)";
reading. She insists that it is. "the heights

nothing." and that we riiusl We";
anything. stop too soon. [-01 if lhgilmill"
shall inherit the Earth. the rest of us W1 9

the stars.

 

DECEMBER 6. 1983

  

 

A Fallen Idol ' -

a flurry of young. spirited. and

sometimes vicious rock bands arose
from the ashes of Englands decrepit
economy. and this movement became
known as the punk rock explosion. Some of
the more well-known of these bands were
The Sex Pistols. The Clash. The Jam. and
Generation X. While members of The Sex
Pistols best exemplified the growing disgust
of England's youth. changing their surnames
to such labels as Johnny Rotten and Sid
Vicious. Generation X had a lead singer who
had changed his name to Billy Idol. It was
pretty obvious from the start. then. that Idol
was a little less Interested in the social impact
which the punk ethic tried to deliver. than he
was attracted to the hype of being recognized
as one of punk rock's first "heroes."

1 n the years between 1976 and 1978.

 

Jonas Nachsin

 

Regardless of idol's intentions. however.
Generation X proved to be a great punk
band. They played hard and fast. and the
songwriting team of Idol and bassist Tony

 

Generation X's next effort. Valley of the
Dolls. was troublesome In that it didn't sound
like a complete work. Their third album.
however. Kiss Me Deadly. offered a surpris-
Ingly solid batch of new songs which promis-
ed a strong future for the band. By this time.
the line-up had undergone many changes.
and it now consisted of idol on vocals and
guitar. James on bass. Terry Chimes
(formerly of the Clash) on drums. and
various session men to help on guitar. They
also shortened the band's name to Gen X to
reflect this overhaul of group members.

Whereas the songs from previous albums
stressed the Importance of rebellion and pure
punk anger. the tracks from Kiss Me Deadly
were of a much more Interpersonal nature.
Slower. Insightful pieces. such as "Revenge"
and “Happy People" are juxtaposed against
the more outright urgency of songs like
"What Do You Want." "Oh Mother." and
the optimistic "Triumph."

Producer Keith Forsey pushes the sound
of Kiss Me Deadly into areas of echo and im-
aginative overdubbing. With the ineatler
guitar work of idol and former Sex Pistols

{Idol Wors ip .'

 

"It was pretty obvious from the start, then, that Idol
was a little less interested in the social impact which
the punk ethic tried to deliver, than he was attracted to
the hype of being recognized as one ofpunk rock'sﬂrst

‘lleroes.’ "

 

 

.litmes delivered meaningful. driven songs
with classic pop hooks. Included on their first
and probably best album. entitled Genero-
tioii X. are the punk anthems. “Wild
Youth." “From The Heart." and “Day By
Day." They also perform a revved-up.
razor-edged version of John Lennon's
“Gimme Some Truth." In a semi-excursion
into pop. "Ready. Steady. Go." Idol cori-
Iesses. “l was in love with The Beatles. The
Who . . . l was in love with the Stones ~ but
no satisfaction." This mirrors a sentiment
held by many of the early punk bands. a feel-
ing of disgust for super groups. Thai expres-
sion iriiis to appear .15 convicted as it once
did. however. when taken iii light of Billy
Idol's current image t‘lS it rock superhero.

 

guitarist Steve Jones coupled with the insis-
tent pounding of Chimes. the band produces
a much wider. fuller sound. making this their
most Imaginative album to date. In keeping
with the high energy level of the LP. Idol's
vocals developed from screaming to a more
sustained. feeling form of expression. Kiss
Me Deadly. unfortunately. was Gen X's last
album. Itlol broke up the band after this
release. as he decided to relocate in New
York City rind eiiibriik on .r solo cnrreer.

The album iilso L‘UilliilltS "I)riiicirig Willi
Myself." one of the most popular new wove
(lance songs ever written. Realizing its ]‘tt)lt'li~
tinl. [(10] included it remixed. longer version
’)I the song on his first solo effort, the I‘lHI

 

Generation X

Bottom left: Billy Idol
Right. top to bottom:
Brrh ‘llviwrrnrtl' Alltlt’t'n'ﬁ
Torry rltiintas iilltl Mink Luff.

 

 
 
   
   

 

 

 

 

.

E

 

EP Don't Stop. The song was spun frequent-
ly at clubs. but still hadn't achieved national
recognition. In 1982 Idol released a solo
album simply entitled Billy Idol Shortly
thereafter. an MTV video of the song was
released. The video was so popular that It
made the song (in official new wave dance
craze anthem. Idol. a la Duran Duran. re‘
released and rte-packaged his self-limited
EllbLilll to Include the monster liit. It's hard to
understand why Idol is relying on the song
so heavily: his new material should be able to
stand on its own.

Idol's first solo release. the Don’t Stop El).
served its a mere sampling of the direction
lltill Idol wanted to move in. rather than its a
complete work. This four-song Iii) contains
one original. the simplistic “Baby Tirlk." it
good cover version of the Tommy James
classic. “Murry Moriy." rlllLl revamped ver~
SIUIIS of solid Gun X tunes. "Dancing Willi
Myself." and "Untouchables." “Mony
Murry." complete with female brick-up
singers and shite of the till protluctioii.
bL’CtllllL’ a mirror dance club Iiit.

After it grunt (lL'rlI of t’llllt‘rll tlisclriiirrur. ltlltl
lL’lL‘r'ISL’Ll his first full length .illiuni. Billy Idol
This showcased Billy iti rI coiiiplinuly diIr
fcieiii framework. as he shifted to it iIith‘lI
more trtitlitirmolly-oriented rock formulrr.
This album surprised illiiily critics. in that it
delivered more pttiit'li tliirii rirtriiy thought
Idol was ('ripilblt} of This is also where lrltrl
began a collaboration with a new songwriting
cohort and guitarist. Steve Stevens. who
turns in ii great work irii this album. “Come
On. Come On." it rave»in rocker starts the
album. and it foreslinclows the nature of the
content of the rest of this work. These songs
are straiglrtvrrut rock-ii-roll. with little lyrical
meaning or import. which has never been
Idol's strong suit anyway. Billy Idol yielded
two hit singles. the well-produced “l'iot iii
the City." niid the more popular. “White
Wedding." This song features a solid Steve
Stevens guitar riff and is undercut by A
steady bass line from new bass player. Phil
Felt. They lyrics. however. are pretty stupid.

Other nientioiiable tracks include "Dead
on Arrival." ii statement cataloguing Idol's
trek back to rock stardom. "Shooting Stars."
and the introspective. "Noborly's Busiii‘uss."

which is probably his best solo effort yet It's

 

 

hard to completely ignore the lyrics. though.
since lines like. “You were my death-
'eflector. love-detector . . . I'm alive in your
own" from “Dead on Arrival" just don't
seem to make much sense.

Billy Idol's latest release. Rebel Yell. is
uriimaglnative. dull and lacklustre. All the
hype surrounding Idol just doesn't work here
to cover up for his basic inadequacies as a
lyricist. and his limitations as a lead singer.

The album opener. and the single off the
album. “Rebel Yell" is anything but what its
title implies; it sounds like a mere re-write of
“White Wedding." On the inner sleeve. the
listener is treated to small lyrical tidbits from
each song and the meaningful gem
presented to us from this one is. "l'd sell my
soul . . . to burn for you . _ . in the mid-
night liour." Profound.

The songs on this album reveal that Idol
has completed the swing towards formula
rucksii-ttill. In fact. this one will set cozin
among any Iti-ycar-old's collection of Def
Leppard and Foreigner albums. Rebel Yell is
perfect proof of the fact that high-gloss pro-
duction and good musicianship cannot com-
pensate for really had songwriting. If the
album has one saving grace. it is the soaring.
string-like keyboard work of Judy Dozier.
and the female back-up singing. which goes
uncredited on the sleeve.

Most of the songs sound like half-baked
demo versions. and the lyrics couldn't be
worse. Front "Flesh for Fantasy." Idol yearn~
ineg screams "FLESH! — Flesh for
fantasy . . . " and he puuts incessantly that
it's "so liiii'Ll to get release" in “Eyes Without
a Face." Many of the tracks are slow. dragg‘
ing ballads. and Idol just can't pull If off.
Sieve Stevens' new heavymctal guitar
sound doesn't help matters either. In tlwhor-
ing and awkward. “Catch My Fall." Idol
pleads. “If I should stumble. Cithli my fall."
There's no doubt that you've stumbled. Billy.
it just remains to be seen whether there aii‘
enough prepubescent. top-forty listeners
out there to catch you and keep you afloat.

Billy Idol. will) a special guest. will per»
form in the University Gyiii (it 3 pin. on
Sunday. December 11. The show is being
presented by Albany's University (:'r)tit‘t‘rt
Board and WPYX 106 for.

 

 

   

  

A LOUSY STICK

E
s:
E

! ONLY A MORON
iEAG'o'I'lxK'j'h’o PAY You FOR
FIGURE '
PORTRA

 
   
  

 

   
      
      

 

 

MY PORTRAIT
IT READY?

  

iSWHATS some SHHHH.
HEY 0"5’ ON HERE; ygaRoEimaggéNG iNTEGRIT
o o r ‘
THIYS gArl'EYSJc'r'ilEp EEP I CAN lag
in THE APRIL 15""
035 CARTOON!

   
   
    
   

I

 

I HAVEY!

U ' DI E EN” '
B r BEERS A EFTORR” li

      

 

 

 

 

 

 

