   

. . .
. ..  _. ,. ~ — M
I .u m... -m»-~_ ~—§~~-“WM. W‘ " " “ a

.... _t.-_s......._.u‘.

 

v

    

a...“ W-.- .__. N. -.—.....;. ..-.—

 

EEBRUARY 25, 1983 1:1 ALBANY‘STUDENT PRESS  

 

 

r

 

 

 

 

EXPERIENCE
TOMMY LEE'S

diam

 

 

Find out what's happening on
campus and beyond in
ASPECT‘s weekly
entertainment guide.

 
 

 

 

f   Co\u1\‘\::::\‘:::n

1‘52.   h 0 snub“

. 1 .RS FOR YOUR
BﬁESG PLEASURE

FREE TRANSPﬂR'l‘ATlON from
SUNY to Jade Fountain & return
Friday 6PM-9PM ‘1 Tele. No. 869-9585
Saturday 6PM-9PM 01‘

Please callahead. 8699586

Our soeeialtv: Szeelnuen, Human,
and Cantonese. Polynesian drink

available. Just 1 mile west of

 

Presenting  

Colon,"

The Mousél’RAp‘

Quad

 

/
. fly '

Wine land—Eil'tjemese cPlace

accompanied by
Judi 'l'urner

featuring pop tunes on piano

Friday & Saturday, February 25 & 26
CAMPUS CENTER PATROON ROOM

0“
FRIDAY ANDO SATURDAY
T0 1

UNIViRSIWAUXIlIARY SERVICES . . l.

 

 

 

 

Stuyvesant Plaza. ' -
I 0 percent SW Y discount with currentLD. . UAS
Take out not included.

 

 

 

EEGINNER 0R ADVANCED Cost or about the same its a semestot m a
U 5 college 53 till) Price Includes lot round top to Suvrllv trorn Now
Von. room borrro .mntutrron comolrrlo (tuvrrrnrnuntqmtris onulortns
tlvtttlﬂtrltt tor trttgrulo students

Lqu Minn .‘Jnnlhslrinmtly ntttrnoclnssw. tutu hours. army. tour naystr gpnmo 55min“: .
wort! lnut mouths Earn 16 hrs or er-url [ortumttont to 4 snlttuslels mi 3, mm y“,-
tmught to 1.1 S mitt-get. ovt-r .r Mo your lrtnc span) your Spout-ah
slumps wtll Lro unturnueu oy opportmnttus l'ul .rvmtatrlu m .r U class

also

SEMESTER IN SPAIN

For full lniormation—write to:

2442 E. Collier S.E.. Grand Rapids. Michigan 49506
(A Program of Trinity Christian College)

 

Introducing Our New
Rathskeller Specials

 

 

Come in and Enjoy -

Rathskeller Special Steak Sandwich
Hot Ham & Cheese Mini Sub
Hot Tuna Mini Sub
OR
Try One of Our New Deli Style
Sandwiches

BUY ONE!

Bring the ad during World Week, February
28-March 5, 7983 and receive a Free Soda (902)0f
your choice.

CAMPUS CENTER SERVING
YOU

room Standardized tests show our students Innqutrgn skills superior
to students cutrrptotnrp two your programs or b 5 Advanced courses

Hurry. rt Iilkﬂh .1 Int 01 limit to mrrlur .rtl rrrrrtrtgomonts
ton t Juror trfALL SEMESTER v Snot 10

tuttr Accnmttto A ".001.an 'rl Irttttly Clrrrslrntr Colloao

 

 

35! New Khmer Rd. Rte. I55 45(140007

Come be at part of the area’s most innovative
night spot.
COLLEGE NlGi‘l’l‘oTituIt-B-l?
Gin or Vodka drink; ~ $1.00
Drafts - 50'
LADIES NIGHT - Wednesday 9~l
House Drinks SLOO
IlAI’I’Y HOUR v Thurs Cv Fri 4pm-7pm
House drinks - st 00
CHUCKLES - M.C. STEVE VAN ZANDT
plus other local comedians
All Thu, Fri. Sat

 

Thurs Sr. Iirl
Mint-Closing
Wed, Sill'Mﬂn
him-Closing

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Let Us Bring You To The

SUNYAC’S

At Potsdam State

This Saturday, Feb. 26
$10.00 round trip
doesn’t include admission

Tickets on sale at the Contact Office
Limited Seats sold on Saturday.

Leaves from Gym at 8 AM
Returns after the game.

Don’t Miss This Chance
To See Albany State’s
Basketball Team In Action!


i

,.;.i
at

 
 
  
 
 

 

week.

httd bccn bottslittg it 9-3 tccotd.

thc 19112-3 bitskclbttli cuntptugn.

 

 
 

  

Tlte Albany State tttcn's junior varsity basketball tcttm extended its
wrnnmg streak to nine consecutive games with tltrcc victorics last

Monday evening the Danes dowucd Ilrc jnyvcc sound from RM.
68-65. JJ. .Ioncs led the team in scoring with iii points turd wtts
followed by Jason IIurlcy who corrtribulcd 14.

Lost Suinrdtty cvcning iltc .i.V. Duncs dci'cntcd tItc Ithncn (‘ollcgc
ilombcrs in University (lyrn by four points, 66-62. Jones wns the high
scor'cr' for Albnuy ngnin with It) points followctl by llt'ittn Kunppiltt.
'I'Irc victory ovcr tltc llorrrbcrs wits cvcn swcclct considcring thtrl llhnctt

Aibztny bcgatu its most rcccnt \ut'gc with it 13~point victory over the
llttutilton (‘ontincnlrtls itt lIzuniIlort. IIttIIcy lcd ttll scorcrs in than
game with 20 points lllltl four othcr llttncs scorcd in double l'igtrrcs.

“I’coplc ttrrdcr'stttuti tltcit‘ roles on the tcuru nnd iiiL' plttyitrg within
Ihcir lirnittttious.” satid Itcnd itruiot' \‘tttsity hitskctbu" conch llrtrty
Cttvtttutugh explaining his tcatm's succcss. “liycryouc trttdctstrtuds
whnt they crm turd cruruol do." the .l.\’. l)ttttcs sport tt tccotd o1 ll»5.

'l'lrc Duncs |11t\‘c two gotncs I'crntritritrg on tltc schcdulc. Strttrrtltty
cvcuing. Albuny travels to New l'ultr out] tltcn 'I‘ucsdzty cvcniug thc
Duncs host IIudsott Vullcy (‘ornmttnity (‘olicgc itr lltc t'irtnl grtrnc of

 

 

r—Murc Ilnspcl

 

 

SUN YA Cs

<Back Page

cttptttirtMikc(11ttto, whose two l'ottl
shots with scvcn sccotrds to pltty
:mc l\llt:tll)’ tlrc conicrcncc titlc
two ycttt's :tgo. littisltcd up tltc ycttt'

tuctztgiug 10.2 points nttd 0.1 r‘c- .

bounds. Sophomore gourd Dun
Cronticr wits lIrc othcr Dunc wlto
tncrugcd itr doublc l'igtrr'cs. scoring
10.9 points pct' gatrttc. ('rotttict' ttlso
lcd tIrc Doucs witlr 125 nssisls (5.2
pct gurucl und :1 75 pct ccttt llllll k til
the foul liuc.

In addition to playing it lutllcoutt
gurnc. it big kcy for Albnny ngrrinst
llul'i'ttlo Stntc will be tltcir outside
shooting. particularly from (lotto
turd sophontot'c gurtrd Dovc Adnm.
It will be up to these Lwo to hit front
the pcr'iructcr' and Irpr opcrr tltc
1,)ttncs' iltsitlc grunc. “Wc cant get
Ilrc boll itlsidc more to l)icckclntuu
ttud Wilson 'l'lromns whcn wc hit
frotrt the outside." Snucrs stud.
Ailnrrty bus sccn Ionc dcfcuscs vir-
tttully all season. turd Srtttcrs cspccts
lltc sturtc from Buffalo Struc. Thus,
the Dunes must hit from Ilrc outsidc
turd hope to opcu up Ilrc lztnc :trczt
for their big mcn. Dicckclnron and
Thomas.

Dcfcnsivcly, Albrmy‘s first priori-
ty is to slow down Ilrc llcngttls‘ first
break. Sntrcrs expects to mix up his
dcl'cns but docs not :tttticiptttc its-
iug a press. “Pressing thcnt docstt't
seem like the thing to do,” ltc snid.
“Tltttt would force them to run
more, ttnd we don‘t want that."

Following is :1 rundown of Ilrc
three other learns compcting lit the
SUNYACs:

  

> Buffalo State—l Icztd conch
Dick Bihr's Bengals are led by 6 l2”
forward Leroy Gcttys (13 points per
grime, 7 rebounds per gnnrc) and
6’7" center Jon Groovcr (12 ppg,
12 rpg). Bihr secs the Albany mut-
chup its at clash in game plans, and
he also feels that the tenor that con-
trols the tempo will ttdvrtncc to the
finals. Thc Bengals, brrscd on their
regular scnson record turd high
recognition in thc polls, would seem

scwcd up. “We crm‘t :ruticiputc
ulutt Ihc conuuittcc is thinking, btrt
we would ccrtuinly hope to he corr-
sidcrctl t‘cgtudlcss of how we do this
wcclcud." lliht' snid.

> L/III‘I't'i'XlIVI’ of lltt/jrr/ow Ilrc
dcl'ctrtlittg SllNYAt' t'lrrttrtpiou
llulls. Ictl by l'itsi»yctrt couch Kctt
I’opc. cndctl Ilrc rcgtrlut scrtsotr witlt
it 12—13 rccord. (th in Ilrc cour
fcr'cnce. 'I’lrcit' tccotd is quite
dccciving, its they plrrycd on c.\'-
tr’ctttcly tottglr scltcdltlc tIutt includ-
cd gtltttcs trguinst Division I schools
\\'nkc I‘orcsi and North (‘ru'olinzt ot
L'Iurrlottc. l'hc Ilulis hard I'ortt
plrtycrs ttvcrttgc in double l'igurcs
scoringwisc this ycnr. 'l'hcy ttt'c lcd
by forwrtrd .lon l‘ll/[lilli'ltk (14.5
ppgt. l'ollowctl by forward Murk
Mctittitc (1.1.1) ppgl. utttl gtutt'ds
Ron Downs (12.4 ppg) und .Iitnnty
Mtty (11.1) ppg). Mctiuirc lcd lltc
terror in rcboundiug, rtvcrrrging 7.6
bottrds pct outing. with ccnlct |)ct‘-
win littt'ris Itcxt 111 (1.3 rpg.

’l‘hc lhrlls rtppcur' to bc irr tlrc
snmc prcdicttmcnl its Albuuy with
rcgtrr‘ds to thc N(‘AAs—thcy fch
they must win Ilrc SUNYAL's toch
no NCAA bid.

>I’olsrlurrt—'l'ltc licttrs and bend
conch .Icr‘ry Welsh htrd ttnothcr bttrt-
ncr‘ scrtsou, finishing at 20-5, 8—2 in
thc conl'crcrtcc. 'l‘hcy ztt'c ch by
ccutct' (illt‘y Sparks (16 ppg, 7 rpg),
who WllS t'cccnlly itCildCtlliClllly
rcinstutcd to llrc tcttrn. Sparks miss-
cd 10 games its :1 rcsull of his;
suspension. but iltc Ilcurs ilpplli‘cnl~
Iy did not suffer too much, winning
9 out of 11). Also starring for
Potsdttm this year were gunrd Leroy
Withcrspoon (13.5 ppg),
center/forward Bill Pcrkowski (12
ppg, 7 mg) and gourd Mnrly
(ir‘oginski (10 ppg).

Potsdnnt. likc Buffalo State. np-
pcnrs to be bended for the NCAAs
rcgttrdlcss‘ of their showing this
weekend. in addition to their im-
prcssivc rcgulttr scnson record, the
[tents hrtvc the highest NCAA post-
season winning pcrccntngc of any
tctun at any lcvcl over the past four
years. They nlso llilVL‘ bcctt to the

Four grapplers travel to nationals

By Marc Schwurz

rlSSfX'I/t Hf SI'UIHS Iz‘DI'IUIl

Four Albany State wrcstlcrs will

bcgin tltcir quest for it Division III

mttionttl crown toduy in thztton,

lliinois as they cornpclc in the

NCAA Championships at thrtton
(‘ollcgc this weekend.

Andy Scttts, Duvc Averill. Vic
Herman. and Rob Spttgnoli will be
bottling wiilt 22') otltcr wrcsllct's
from ttcross the country for All-
Atucricnn honors.

The top eight plnccrs itt cuch oi'
the 111 wcight clttsscs auc utuncd All-
Autcricttrrs. while the 10 clutmpions
and four sclcclcd sccond plttcc
finishers will ttnvcl to ()kltthomn
(‘ity to wrcsllc itr Iltc Division I rut-
tiouttl churnpiouships to be held
next tnonth.

Albtuty will be looking to im-
prove ttpon Inst ycnr’s twelfth place
finish. inclttding Ihrcc All-
Atncricnns. Dcspitc sending two
fcwcr wrcstlcrs lo the NCAAs.
four contptlt‘cd to six Inst ycnt, hcttd
conch .loc i)cMco hopes to have it
better tcuru showing this yctu.

"This is lltc culmination of it
great season. All four have tltc
potcntittl to bc r\.ll»Arncric:tu,“ ltc
sitid.

'l‘he Dnncs will be entering the
tournament off tltcir strongest per-
formance cvcr in thc SUNYAC
Chrmrpionships. ’i‘hrcc champions
and ti iltird plttcc finisher cnublcd
Albuny to crtpturc third in the tour-
numcnt.

Sums. tr thrcc-timc SUNYAC
champion. is scorching for his first
nntionttl championship after two
years of near misses. “Andy should
win the national chrunpionship.
lic's the ttttntbcr ortc guy going irtto
thc tourntuncnl." DcMco stud.

Scrns. undcfctttcd in thr‘cc yctus
its on Albany wtcstlcr. wtts Ic\'c1\ci|
in the final seconds of thc truiiumtl
limit us it freshman and wars I'ourlh
lttsl ycttr dcspitc bcing hurrtpcrcd by
injuries.

“1 think than i huyc the ability to
win. [‘11 httvc to see if i‘m tough
enough this particular weekend,"
Scrus snid.

Avcrill is looking to repent Ittsl
ycnt"s All-Arncticurt winning pcr-
for'rnttncc in thc unlionttls. Iic
finished scvcnth rtl [ill-pounds lust
ycnr nod won his first SUNYAC Ii-
tlc two weeks ttgo in ()swcgn.

"My goul is the top two. first
ycttt' I “its scrttctl." IIrc sopltorttor‘c
strid. “'l'hcrc's nobody there than I

can't go with. Wrestling is a lot
more fun this ycur."

“Dave is SUNYAC champ and
that nuiomnlicnlly nntkcs him irt the
elite of the country. 111: has really
progressed this ycrtr.” DcMco said.

For senior licrmun. who will be
tn the NCAAs for the fonrtlt time
in its many years. this is his last
chnncc to gttin Ali-American
recognition. Ilcrrnttn has been close
on two occasions. finishing ill the
top 10 iwicc.

“I fch Vic will go pretty far into
tltc top ciglrt. [don‘t see him doing
any worse tlum Ilrc top five,"
DcMco strid.

Spllgittlll round. out tIrc group
than trnvclcd to Illinois. The senior
will be making his first appearance
lit the nationals. He has come on
strong irt thc Intcr strtgcs of the
season. topping it off with a third
plncc finish in the SUNYACs at
126-pouuds.

“i hope to place it) lltc top four.
If I kccp on wr'cslling tltc wtty l have
bccn. I should be itr good shape."
Irc strid.

“Rob hits prot'cn over the course
of thc yctu‘ than he is 11 qualified
wtcsllcr. llc should finish in the top
ciglrl." DcMcosttid. l 1

Support Great Dane Athletics

 

 

carry-on bags.

"just /IrII(’ lorry lrus litrrry llt’t'll 1

There’s a more
dependable way to get there.

Greyhound 15 going your way With trouble—tree. economical
service. You can leave directly from campus or other nearby locations.
Most schedules have stops at convenient suburban locations. And
talk about comfort. You get a 5011. reclining seat and plenty of room for

  

So next trip. go with the ride you can rely on. Go Greyhound.

twill/1g lm‘ Iris tit/1'?"

 

 

 

 

 

Itllitt thtrrrtrtr; Albany Iv 1 Ill”) 1 1101)
Wnrcttsler At :‘t 4511) 7 051)
Mill/t ittvcrsrttu/ltuwtort Ar ‘1 into 7 Elfin
llosion At 13 00;) 13 151p
In [Linnrus‘ liosltrrt lv 1 110;) 4 001)
MillA»iitvctsrttt:/Nuwluu lv 1 hilt) 4 mo
Worcustcr tv 7 '1 ton
Altnny At At 11011 It 101)
from Campus A11).rny lv 1 Jon ? 110;) :1 son 4 (ton
Ntlw “link At 4 l‘llll 'r 2'05) ll 20;) 7 ?Up
io'Catnpus New Vorlt Lv P Zion .1 Jon 4 L101) 5) (mo
Albany Ar 5 Pill) ti 90p 7 20p L1 201)
Item Campus Albany iv 12 01p 4 00p 7 (mp
littrnpstearl Ar ."1 175:) I 1100 10 30;)
lo Currunrs lturrrnstutd lv it (lilo 10 110.1 :1 451)
Albany Ar 11 30.1 1' 0th 7 top
lur convenient dilly sorvtcu anti cmnrrlulo rtttarrnatron. c.t|| 43-1-01?”
schudulos operate nvury wnnlmnd nxcupt during holidays. extrrn week and sonroslor brook I’NCL'S and schedules

sumnct to change Some servrcn requires reservations

00 GREYHOUND

 

 

t 1982 Greyhound L1mla,ll\E

 

anionttl l’inttls three times ovcr'
than some t‘ottr ycnr sport. 1

, .
r. U [A
AS umvmsm Auxrtrruo smvrcts

 

to have an NCAA bid pretty well

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    

alum
an

Yiwmtttﬁscn aura-.. . ‘ ‘

   

Min-n.“ .

 
 
  

‘ T“"W£Wt&iid:

