   

 

 

‘3 by... y

   

Cranston declares candidacy

ll‘tiv/n‘ngmn, D.(‘.
(AP) Calling for an end to “the incredibly dangerous.
shamefully expensive arrtts race." Sen. Alan (‘ranston on
Wednesday t'ortttally became tlte first WIN presidential catt-
didate. .

Getting it stunt jtitttp on ltis.hellet know it Democratic
t'iutls. tltc California senator opened ltis catiipaigrt iit tlte
thatble-columncd Senate Caucus Room before it cheering
crowd of supporters. I'le tltett flew to Manchester. N.II.. in
repeat his attnonncetttertt itt tlte state wlticlt will hold IUIl-l‘s
first presidential primary.

Tlte 68-year~old ('ranston is regarded as a lottgshot pro-
spect for tltc democratic nomination. Most polls show him
trailing Vice Pre‘sident Wither I-'. Mondale artd Sen. .l.nhtt
(‘ilenn of Ohio.

..-\skcd how ltc'plattned to overcome tltc leads of such
t'itals. Cranstori said ltis stratc ‘consisted of "my tttessage.
organization. raising trrotte_ and e\panding his base in
California into otltcr states of the.\\’est attd tltc Sun Belt.

The senator's ntcssage clearly was that lie is tlte candidate
cortttttitied to negotiating an end to tlte rtticlear atttrs race.

“No president has eter given Ilte priority task. of ending
tltc arms race. tlte attctrtiott it detttarrds. I will." he said.

And lte tied llte arttts race to tire economic probletrts of
tire rtation. He said he would spell otit later “my \isiott of
fttll ctttploytttcnt and prosperity I'tti".Aittet‘ica."

Marine holds tanks at bay

Beirut. Lebanon
(AP) A lone U.S. Marine peacekeeper atttted witlt a pistol
brought tltrec Iltrtttdcrittg Israeli tanks to a ltalt as they ap—
proaclted his post. warning tltat they wttttld pass ortly over
his “dead body." U.S. officials said.

Captain Cltarles B. Joltrtsou. his pistol drawn. scrambled
ottto tltc lead tank after it cartte In a stop attd told tlte Israeli
contmattdcr to head off ttvo otlter tanks cotttittg tip on a
Marine-controlled area at battle speed." tltc officials said.
Israeli officials dispitted tlte details of the showdown
Wednesday on a road soutlt of Beirut. Iltc most serious of a
half-dozen recettt confrontations betwcett Marine
peacekeepers and the Israelis in tltc Lebanese capital.

Itt Washington. Defense Secretary Caspar \‘Veinherger
said Johnson told tlte Israelis that “if tltcy \vcrc cottting
tltrough they'd have to do it oter his d -ad body."
Weinberger said lte had recommended tlte 30-year-old
Camp Lejeunc leathetrtcck for a coiittttendation.

Col. Thomas Stokes. cortrrrtartdcr of tire l.200 American
Marines in Beirut. provided llte detailed U.S. account of
Johnson‘s standoff with the Israelis.

“He stood in the road as tlte tanks cattie up and tire
Israeli lead tank came witltin one foot of ltirn. at pretty liiglt
speed. and tltcn slammed oit tlte brakes." tlte Marine corn-
mander said.

“The Israeli officer in cltarge said. ‘l’m comingI through‘
and Capt. Johnson said at tltat point. ‘Nn you‘re rtot. The
only way you‘re going to get tltcrc is in cottte tltrottglt tttc."'

Tlte Israeli tltcn tttorrttted tltc tank tittd rettcd up his
ttrotor. Stokes said. “About a foot away from a lot ol steel.
tltc captain pulled tltc pistol from his ltnlster. pttt iii a
magazine attd pttt tltc pistol at a 45~degree ttrtgle. stood irt
front of the tank arid he did not aim at ariyhody’itt tlte
tank." The Israeli lead tank tltctt arn\ct| ol'l‘ ittto a field arid
Johnson followed it on foot.

Funds offered to aid town

ll’uvhi/rgton. I).('.
(AP) The Reagan administration ltas offered SL9 million itt
cconotttc aid to Lackawanna. N.Y.. where the planned
shutdown of a steel plartt tltreatcrts to wreck tlte local
economy.

The aid package falls far short of the $50 million re-
quested by New York (inv. Mario Cuomo. attd Ilte bulk of
the money can be ttsed ottly it' New York State provides
Sl.2 million itt matching funds.

On Dec. 27 Bethleltctti Steel. battered by record losses.
announced it will slitit down most of the agittg l.ackavvattrta
mill during I983. The mo\c will idle 3.900 workers arid ettd
the hopes of another 3.400 already laid off that tltey will be
recalled wltcn‘the irtdrtstry tebotritds. Betltlcltetti is the big-
gest employer and taxpayer itt Lackawanrta. an irtdrrstrial
city of 25.000 oittsidc llulfalo.

The aid package ittcltrdcs SL2 million iit job—training
fttrtds front tire Iiconomic Development Arlrttinistratinn
arid the Labor Department. Irrit lltc money cart only he
spcttt if the state matches it with an equal amount. Martin
said. '

Anotltcr 5700.000 was rttade available unconditionally. It
irtclttdcs 3250.000 frortt the Labor attd Commerce depart-
ntertts to fund a Buffalo-area ccittcr to retrain workers
whose jobs disappear when industries shrink; $150.00t)
frortt EDA to find export rttarkets for western New York
products. Sl50.000 frottr FDA to study ways of revitalizing
the Buffalo-area economy. arid “50.000 frortt EDA to
study Ilethteltem’s Lackawanna operation attd its intpact
tnt tltc local tax structure.

On Jan. 2|. Cuomo. a democrat. asked Reagan to ap-
prove 332 rtrilliort itt extra aid to laid-off steelworkcrs; $I0

  
  

we?!“ ewes .*

 

 

, I ~

. . . -

Give ’ttt rt hurts

The Arttcrieaaned Cross [lloodtttobile will he nrr,cant-
pits Thursday. February IO in the. Campus Center Brill
Roortt front to a.rn. to 4. All potential blood donors
urged to make art appointment with the Five Quad Attr-
htilattce Service prior to the day of the visit.

Through tltc support of \oltttttcer donors. the
Attterican Red Cross Blood Sei'ticcs ot' the Northeastern
New York Region tttccts paliertt blond needs iii 2‘) area
hospitals.

 

Tummy fitters

llelp t'ilI Albany's pantry! The ()(‘A will be conducting
a drive to feed the city‘s hungry front Feb. 7 to Feb. II.

()("A requests that anti-perishable foods such as pasta.
canned goods. t’lt‘.. he brottgltt to its table iii the Campus
Center lobby between 12 p.m. and 4. Food will taken to
pantry and distributed to the hungry.

A week of Israel

In an ‘cffort to infornt students about Israel. the
“Students for Israel" committee of JSC-Hillel will be
sponsoring an Israel Awareness Week. rttnning from
Monday. Feb. 7 to Thursday. Feb. 10.

Monday at 7:15 p.m. there will be Israeli dancing on the
third floor of the gym.

On Tuesday. an Israel Programs Fair will be held iii the
CC Ballroom frorti I0 a.rn. to 4 p.m. The roorrt will be
filled with exhibits artd tables set up to provide students
with information about variOus programs in Israel.

That night SUNYA professor Marty Eddntan will
speak at 7:30 p.m. in CC 36l on "The Structure of the
Israeli Government."

Dr. Stephen Berk will discuss “American Israeli Rela-
tions" in the CC Assembly Hall at 4 p.m.

Finally on Thursday. The Shop On Main Slreel, a tragi—
contcdy about the Nazi occupation itt Czechoslovakia will
be shown itt LC 4 at 8 p.m.

tttillion l'or job-training progrartts. $6 million for the Erte
County Industrial Agency; and $2 ttiilliort itt special aid to
dislocated workers.

Striking truckers battle

(AP) Food shipments to sorttc eastern cities were curtailed
Wednesday by a truckers strike that ltas crtiptcd into war-
fare on the highways with tttorc than 300 trucks damaged.
one driver slain attd 27 people injured.

“It looks like war otrt there." said Clticf depttty Iidntory:
Ruslt itt Colletort County. SC. who was urging sheriffs in
surrounding counties to step rip patrols of major trttck
rotttes. “We don‘t want this to be a bloodbatlt."

Officials at the giant Hunts Point Terminal Market in
New York City said produce shipments slowed to a trickle
after remaining near normal lltc first two days of the strike
by independent truckers.

Some trucking cornpattics itt Canada have suspended
shipments to the United States becattsc of the violence. “A
load of potatoes is not worth it life." said Gary Hatfield, a
potato broker itt Ilartlattd. New Brunswick.

Mike Parklturst. head of tire association which clairtts to
represent 30.000 of tire nation's 100.IXX) independent
truckers who owrt attd operate their own rigs. called the
strike Monday to protest scheduled irtcr 'ttscs itt fticl taxes itt
April and highway use fees itt 1985. While the independents
represent about a fifth of tire nation‘s trtrckcrs. Ilrcy haul
about 90 percent of the produce.

Afghan talks anger Soviets

M mm W
(AP) The Soviet Union today denounced President
Reagan's White llortsc tttectittg with six Afgliatt guerrillas
as a “provocative” rttove.

The off i 'ss news agency also repeated accusations
that the Reagan administration is trying to “increase in-
stability iii the southern border of the USSR" by cxpandirtg
what it called an “undeclared war" against Afghanistan.

5
I."

 

 treats

Friendly performance

“Friends of JSC-Hillel". is sponsoring a benefit per-
formance of Itorticsteaders at Capitol Repertory Corn-
pany in Albany on Sunday. Feb. 27. at 7:30. Proceeds
from the ticket stiles will help fund JSC-Hlllel. arid
organization which provides ctiltttral and religious pro-
grams l‘or jewislt students at SUNYA.

The cast will joitr the audience for a kosher wine artd
cheese reception" following the performance. Tickets can
'he purcltascd for Sill. $I4. or $25. For furtlter informa-
tion mtd tickets. call Rebecca (iordon tit 459-8000.

Say what?

SUNYA‘s Veteran‘s cltrb is holding the first mini-mart
and speech event at SUNYA on February 7. front 7 to to.
The event will he held itr tltc Campus Center Assembly
Httll. artd will feature many speakers including
Assemblywoman Nettie Maycrson. S.A. President Mike
Corso and John Lal'alcc. a representative of Vietttam
ERA Veteran‘s INC.

If you prefer. jttst cotttc and shop - new albums. tapes.
jewelry rind rttore will be available. Tltc Veteran's club
promises tltc lowest prices ever.

There is no admission charge. and coffee arid donuts
will be served.

 

Potential politicians

SA‘s itttcrittt elections will be held Wednesday. Felt. ltt
lit the Campus Center. Prospective candidates should pick
up self-nomination forms itt Iltc S.A. office (CCI In) bet-
ween 9 and 5. on Feb. 7.8.9.10. attd ll.

Vacancies e isl on Central Council and the University
Scrtatc. Positions to be filled are. for Central Council.
Dutch Quad Representative (I). State Qttttd Represen-
tative (I). and Off-Campus representatives (3-4). For
University Senate. one Off-Campus Senator is to be
elected.

 

Get tough I

Twenty-two years ago. “It was a great thought." To-
day. “It's the tougltest job you‘ll ever love." “It” is the
Peace Corps. and Peace Corps. recruiters will be at
SUNYA on Feb. 28 tltoruglt March 2. A general interest
meeting will be held on Feb. 28 at 4 in room 361 of lltc
Campus Center.

The recruiters will be looking for degrees.
backgrounds. or cxperiettce itt tttatli. science. home
econontics. nutrition. construction, health. and liberal
arts with a strong high school science/math background.
Interested students are encouraged to apply. as only about
3.000 volunteer positions are filled caelt year.

 

J

“The White House enveloped iii a thick veil of secrecy
the contents of that provocative meeting." it said. “No
one. however. is in doubt that its sitbjecl was a significant
expansion by the Uttitcd states of its aid to the counter-
rcvoltttionary gangs sent for punitive raids into
Afghanistan frotn tlte territory of neighboring Pakistan.

 

Students robbed downtown

Albany Police arrested a man Mottday they believe is
connected with a string of local crintcs after he allegedly
robbed two SUNYA graduate students early that morn;
ing. The two women were sitting in a car in front of the
Lamp Post Restaurant arid Lounge. according to Albany
Police Detective Lt. Edmund Flirtt.

Anthony Santana. 26. a former parolcc of SI Flherort
Place ltas been charged with three counts of first degree
robbery attd grand larceny and robbery itt the third
degree.

According to Flint . Albatty students Sharon Quinlan
and Callie Hooper were sitting iii a white Toyota itt front
of Lamp Post at approximately 3 am. wltcn Santana up
proached the car and said. “I ltave a gtttt. If you scream.
I'll blow you away." He then took two purses containing
about $120 and ‘arious credit cards. and fled down (In
tario SI.. Flint added.

NFC-Sling Detectives John Greene and Donald 'I‘ohitt
tracked dotvtt Santana tliroriglt det tive work beginning
approximately three weeks ago. after Santana supposedly
cortttttittcd lltc first of his recettt crimes. said Flint.

Santatta's method of operation was “to detect anc
isolate females who were alorte. We knew we were
generally concentrating on an immediate area." Hint e\-
plaittcd.

Sautana’s charges include his alleged stettlittg of a car
from 400 (.‘etilral Ave.. and his committing of two critttcs
similar to the Lamp Post incident. ocertring on Myrtle Sr.. j

   

Flint said. __ Kent. (Trillt'tt

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

FEBRUARY4. I983 t} ALBANYSTUDENTPRESS 3

Missionary laments government oppression '

 

8 Laura Nuss
. .-III'llIi/fl:R

 

 

Up until the time he went to Korea.
Father Jim Sinnot cottsidercdhimsclf com-
pletely apolitical. His vvbole tenet of life
and of United States‘ involvement in the
world. he said. was "We‘re right. God ok‘d
it."

Sinnot. a Catholic Maryknoll missionary.
relayed this at a Tuesday night speech
before a group of approximately 20 on the
issue of human rights irt Korea artd the
Philippines. Settt to Korea itt I960 as a mis-
sionary. Sinnot spent nine years living
among the indigenous Koreans. a time dur-
ing which he learned a great deal about the
living conditions. social and political rights.
and attitudes of the Korean people.

Sitting solemnly behind a desk in LC 7.
Sinnot spoke of the “World War II men-
tality" of political leaders such as Alex-
ander I'Iaig. Jimmy Carter. and George
Bush. as well as the attitude of Arnericart
society as a wltole.

“We trust ourselves for the right
answers. ttot others. especially other na~
tiotts." explained Sinnot. “It is pritttarily a
crusade against cotmttunisut. ()ur excuse
for ttot doing anything about the denial of

Art gallery

By Nancy Crowfoot

Blindfold your average SUNYA stridettt
on the podium attd chances are Ite could
lead you to the Rat or tltc gym without too
much difficulty. Bur remove the blindfold
attd ask ltirtt to point you itt the direction of
the Art Gallery arid chances are he'll be
dutnt'ottttdcd. or answer. “I don't know. Is
that at Draper?" The fact is. SUNYA‘s Art
Uttlltﬂ‘)‘ is located lit the Fittc Arts Building.
directly across the podium from the Catri-
pus Cettter. and displays over ten exhibits
yearly, including works by students artd
faculty. as well as those of nationally arid
internationally fattted artists.

Why do so few students kttow about the
gallery"! Its loctttiori scents to be one reason.
As (irtllety Director Nartc' fiddle points
ortt. “Students tend particularly itt tlte
winter months. to establish certain paths to
arid front classes. The geography of the
University is such that it someone ltas all
their classes on. say. tlte south side of the
campus. chances could he that they never
cvett walk by tlte Fine Arts building." Lid—
dlc contends that tltcre is one advantage to
the location of the gallery. “Being close to
the bus stop helps. People often walk iii to
get away frottt the cold artd becottte hook-
ed."

Tlte physical structure of the gallery is ap—
pealing for reasons other than its cctttral
ltcatittg. Its two stories are separated by a
balcony wrapping around tlte entire toortt.
enabling the \isitor to see many different
works at once. The wltite on tvltitc effect of
the walls, ccilirtg attd balcony provide a
stark contrast for the often intriguing pain-
tings. photos and lithographs displayed on
the walls. The quiet attra of the gallery is
sharply different from the busy. clamoring
hallways around campus. ”

Liddlc feels that this quietness is an im-
portant part of the gallery. "People who
know this place oftctt come here simply to
rcfrcslt their spirits. For many, it’s a tran-
quil arid quiet haven away front the outside
world." It is for this reason that music is
ttornrally not played very loudly in the
gallery. “It's impossible to accommodate
the different interests irt music. I personally
find Rivaldi soothing to listen to. but for
some it would be Joan Jett." Needless to
say. neither one fillers through the gallery.
Liddle refers to the gallery as “a pleasant
space" and notes that even President Vin-
cent O'Leary can frequently be seen in the
gallery “Very quietly looking" at the latest
exhibits.

Proudly proclaimed by its staff as being
tltc only Capital District museum of
motlcrn art. the gallery has hosted a variety
of diverse exhibitions over the past few
years. Two of the more recent displays have
included a collection of the works of social
caricaturist Edward Koren. and an exhibi-
tion of myths and medical symbolism in

 

 

 

basic human [ighls is that any oppression is
better than communism. We can't blame
Moscow." he exclaimed. “It's our pro«
blem."

According to Sinnot. the people of Korea
as well as the Philippines are ruled by fear.
They are afraid to speak out against the
government. their polic . attd unethical
behavior towards human beings. They fear
for their lives. or the lives of their loved
ones.

"Tlte governments of these nations do
things. for example. impose martial latv. to
suppress any dissident behavior. They then
watch for reactions in the international
arena. especially the Uititcd States. If they
don't see any objections. they uphold their
inhumane policies." Sinttot explained.

According to Sinnot. the imposition of
martial law doesn't “look good" in tltc in-
ternational world. bttt despite its un-
popularity, martial law was imposed on
South Korea tit I973 and with it. the
government forced iii a new constitution.
This behavior was repeated iii the Philip-
pines sortie years later.

The constitution is rtilcd by emergency
decree. “This type of forced rule." Sinnot
said. “ is. lit essertcc. just as effective as
martial law. In other words. if a demonstra-

    

completing the picture

tion occurs in a university. the government
can decree that the university he closed:
they can arrest. and actually sentence to
death with the power of this dccree.They
don‘t have to go through the courts. they
don't ltave'to go through the usual system
of legality by this etttergetrey situation. As
they see it. and declare it. they can decree
death." explained Sirtttot.

Another example of tire v irtualty limitless
amount of govetnrncrtt power used to deny
basic human rights. according to Sittttot.
was Emergency Decree Number Four.
which was passed irt April of I974. Accor-
ding to this decree. arty student who pro-
tests publically against the government can
be sentenced to death. “In other words. it
you got togetlter as a cltrss and ctit class as a
public protest against the government in
sotttc way. you eortld be setttertced to
death."

Sinnot cxplaittcd that although the
government never carried our art execution,
the very fact that they sentenced people. or
had the authority do it. was frightening
cttottgh to irtltilrit studeitts front srtclt
behavior. Sinnot explained that although he
doesn't like criticizing the Atttcticatt
government. his experiences ltas raised his

 

 

 

Art Imprgsgs‘tontrstlcvvlew ot the University Art Gallery

rlll exhibit of art 'v Inulli-rlmrenviont.

Eskimo art. The Koren exhibition. which
has spent last fall traveling throughout the
Nortlt west was cotrtpilcd attd curated by
the gallery staff which includes Liddle.
Assistant Director Marijo I'asuln.
Technical Assistant .lason Stewart. and
several students crttployed through work-
study.

Mrtclt of the curation of the gallery is
dortc by tltc students. under the supervision
of the directors. Students working itt tlte

gallery lcartt a variety of skills. many of

which are marketable upon graduation said
Liddle. Marijo Fastilo. who directs work-
study in writing press releases artd

brochures. points out that over tltc years.
slttLlL‘IlIs with various ritajors as I-uglislt and
business haye used their experience itt tltc
gallery to get theinsches jobs in art-related
fields.

The gallery tcceitcs tirnds iii the saute
rrtattttct as academic dcpattrttettts. l ikeany'
other department. they rttttst follow ti
budget. bttt one which includes such
necessities as hardware artd trucking. While
their budget has yet to be drastically cut.
Liddle notes that men year there is a little
less ttrortcy. “We're ttot able to print as
rttttclr as we rtccd to he as itrrportattt us we
should be." It is with the help of outside

Council steams over state

By Heidi (iralltt
\I III IIIt'I/IR

This y -tir‘s state budget curtld ttteatt total
disaster for SUNY schools. SA president
Mike Corso warned Central Couttcil Wed.
night.

Sonte of the problems (Torso found with
Gov. Mario Cuomo‘s SI.3 billiott SUNY
budget proposal are a tuition increase of
$250 . a room rent increase of SISO. and the
loss of about 2.500 jobs iii the SUNY
system. He netted that approximately ISO to
200 positions would be cut at SUN YA. Cor-
so also questioned a $25 computer fee
which has never been charged before.

Corso attacked the (‘uomo administra-
tiort for imposing “a larger cut to SUNY
than arty other state agency." He added. “I
think this budget could have catastrophic
effects on this campus and the whole SUNY

system." Asking Council to assrst lobbying
efforts. Corso said. “I‘m calling on every
single one of you to read .trticlcs iii the
paper. try to ttttderstarid the budget arid act
on it."

Student Action Cotittttittee Chair Rich
Scltaffer is dissatisfied with Cttoitto's pro-
posal to charge tttition based oti income.
Scliaffcr believes this is art unjust way to
assess rtced and that it is a “discriminatory
policy."

In addition. Schaffer criticized a Cuomo
proposal by which university centers would
charge a higher ttiitiort than colleges. and
aectised Cuomo of attempting to
"disguise" various itict 'ases under the label
of setcral small t'ces.

Scltafl'cr said his committee plans to meet
with leaders of students groups on this cant-
pits. “using them as contacts vvitltin their
groups to get people involved.”

Many students illltl stttdettt groups back—

consciousness. and he realized the underly-
ing motives of the American‘government.
“Our government is interested in stability
and control. It is the two huge powers. the
US. arid the USSR. fighting to divide the
world between them. If the US. govern-
ment stepped in. which they have the power
to do. and acted in a way to install a more
demoeratic government. the people might
react by denouncing our presence in their
corrntry. and we would ultimately lose our
control arid stability.".

Sinnot fervently commended groups like
Amnesty International which sponsored his
talk. for their attempts at lessening the
g0vernmental oppression. He explained
thtit by demonstrating support to prisoners
of conscience. and others unjustly tortured
and oppressed. the people gain a sense of
llUDCftllIlL s and encouragement.

The primary human rights activity sup-
ported by Amnesty International is to write
letters to these nations to end tortuous and
unjust imprisonment of prisoners of cons-
cicttcc. according to Tom Pache. its presi»
dent. I-‘ach year. Amnesty writes letters for
approxirttarely 15.000 people from all over
the world. wherever lrtitttart rights are
denied. and. according to ’aclte. about
It).000are usually freed. . i

at SUNYA

grants that pieces are oftctt published by tile
gallery. A recent example of this is Univer-
sity Awards Program (.irttlll which ertabled
the gallery to publish a catalog of the Tltorn
O'Connor exhibition soon opening at the
gallery.

I itldlc sees the gallery as a teaching
device for art students. relating to things
tltcy are learning iii the studio. The gallery
is also a way to link art with the various
departments here at SUNYA. she addetl.
()ftcn exhibits shown are concerned with
certain geographical. ltistoricat. or ctltnic
topics which are related to other programs
iii the university. l.iddlc feels this is art irri—
pnrtarit link betweeti the gallery arid tltc rest
of the university.

The ()‘Connor cxltibit is of special pride
to tltc staff of the gallery. l‘ltotn O'Connor.
a ttotcd printtnaker. is celebrating his 201h
anniversary with tltc SUNYA Fine Arts
I)t.-partmertt. An artist with a world—wide
reputation. t)'(‘ottrior's exhibit of over 50
works cart be viewed February 12 through
March 15. Appearing sitnultaueously iii the
tohbv of tlte gallery will be art exhibit entitl-
ed “lilack Women: Achietctnertts '
the Odds." a series of photographs of b
\votnen notable for their acltievetttertts in
the social. political and cultural world. The
exhibit. “‘lllr‘ll will be open to the public
t-ch. 23. is ctr-sponsored by the At'lirmativc
Action attd World Cultures Week.

Following these exhibitions will be a
showing of student pieces by this year's
candidates for the MFA Degree. This will
ttttt frnttt April 19 through May 22. IE\ery
other year. the gallery presents an cxhibi~
tiort irt which all students are welcome to
ettter their work. regardless of their major.
These pieces are judged by an outsith juror.

r

with the winners displayed iii the gallery. -. .

budget cuts

ed Cuomo iii the gubernatorial campaign
last fall because they felt lte would support
student and and tltc SUNY system. Schall
fer says he feels "betrayed" by Cttonto.
Corso commented that it is rtnfortunatc
that Cuomo “has not been able to effective-
ly write the budget with equity."

Also discussed in Council was a proposal
to cltangc the bi-clection date from Feb. 15
to to. The change is a result of a misprinr in
SA‘s ads which had listed the date as Feb.
l6. Corso cxplaitted. “We do not want to
confuse students by changing the ads when
the goal is to get ntore students to vote."

Cortttcil Cltair Jeff Frotttttt ttotcd that lie
had received resignations from Dirtclt Quad
representative Lauren Walter and rep.
Clark. Walter later explained. “I felt ih'tl I
wasn‘t accomplishing anything as a Council
member. The organization needs a major
rctiovatiort. I just got fed tip with it." Clark
could not be reached for continent. f]

  

 

 

 

 

