 

 

 

2 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS D APRIL [5. I983

Walesa interrogated

Gdansk. Poland
(AP) Danuta Walesa. wife of Solidarity chief
Lech Walesa. said she was l'risked ttnd ques-
tioned by Gdansk police for tirree hours
yesterday abottt lter husband‘s contact with
underground union leaders.

She said Waiesa also was body-searched
prior to nearly five hours of interrogation
Wednesday.

Mrs. Walcsa appeared in good spirits on
her retttrn home front Gdansk police head-
quarters and told Western reporters site had
been asked abotrt her husband's whereabouts
during ltis absence frotn hotnc between April
9-”.

The srtrrrttrotrs ordering Mrs. Walesa to the
police station said authorities wanted to
.ttrestion her as a “witness.” but did not
.pecify the ttatttre of the inquiry.

On Wednesday, her Irttsbarrd was inter-
rogated by police In Gdansk for treariy five
hours ahotrt a secret meeting with
trttdct‘gt‘ttttttd trtriotr leaders.

Talks may continue

Mir/east '
(AP) PLO chairman Yasser Arafat flew to
littlgaria Thursday rtigltt. postporting a
meeting of the PLO executive eornrrtittec to
discuss renewal of iris talks with King Hus-
scitt of Jordan on President Reagan's Mid-
the East peace plan.

Arafat returned to Tunis. the PLO tread-
quarters. frurn a visit to Schen. and his
spokesman, Ahmed Abdel Ralrrtran, said he
asked the Palestine Liberation Organiza-
tion‘s 15 member executive committee to
meet him there within 24 hours to “evaluate
the results of the Jordanian-Paicstinian
negotiations."

Later, however. he left on a 48-hour visit

 

to Bulgaria, and PLO sources said the ex-
ecutive committee meeting had been
delayed at least until Sunday.

Arafat and Hussein negotiated for mon-
ths. trying to agree on a joint position or.
Reagan’s proposal that would permit the
king to enter negotiations with Israel and
the United States as the representative of
the Palestinians.

The king announced on Sunday that the
PLO had broken a tentative agreenient he
and Arafat made. their negotiations were
finished. and he would not negotiate with
lsrael on behalf of the Palestinians or of
Jordan. liut the Reagan administration
refused to accept this as final. and Arafat
told a news conference in Stockholm
Wednesday the Pl.() was ready to resume
talks with llusscin.

Jordanian officials said whether the king
resumed negotiations depended on what
comprotnises Arafat offered.

NATIONWIDE
B R I E F set

Arms nominee OK’d

ll 'tts'lrirtglort. D. C.
(AP) The Senate 'I'hursday confirmed Kett-
rretit L. Adclnran as director of the nuclear
Arms (‘ontrol and Disarmruuent Agency. set-
ting aside doubts about his qualifications ttnd
candor in the face of high-pressure lobbying
by President Reagan.

In the hours before the vote. Reagan. Vice
President George [lush and several ('abinet
members phoned wavering senators to lobby
for the nominee.

Overthrow try denied

it 'rIx/Iinglmt, I). C.
(AP) President Reagan said Thursday the
United States is rtot doing anything “to try to
overthrow the Nicaraguan government." but
is trying to block rttilitary supply lines to
rebels in neighboring til Salvador.

 

Reagan declined to go into details of US.
operations in Central America. But he said
his administration is complying with a federal
law that forbids U.S. action to overthrow the
government of Nicaragua.

“We are complying with the law,” Reagtttr
told a news conference in the erite House
press rootrr. “We are complying with that
fully."

STATEWIDE
B R 1 BF. .9

Smith mistrial denied

Porrglr/tec/rrie, N. Y.
(AP) State Supreme Court Justice Albert M.
Rosenbiatt refused Thursday to grant a
mistrial in “re Lemuel Smith first-degrc
rnrrrder case on a defense motion that the
prosectttion withheld information.

Instead. Rosettblatl said he would allow
defense lawyer William Kinstler to reopen his
case attd pttt another witness on the stand
attd then trtakc a new. bttt brief summation
wlriclt the justice called a “lirttitcd
discussion."

Special Prosecutor William Stanton left
the cottrt irt a hurry not saying if he would try
to do something about reopcttirtg tlte easc.

Kunsller rtrade a bid fora mistrial Wednes-
day. saying he had beetr lratrdcd important
new information at lunch.

Abortionists file suit

Buffalo. N. i'.
(AP) A pro-abortion group Itas filed a
lawsuit to try to ltave its advertisements pitte-
cd on trrass trttnsit lnrses in the linffalo ar'a.
lit a federal suit filed Wednesday. the
Coalition for Abortion Rights and Against
Sterilization Abuses asked that the Niagara
Frontier 'i‘ransportatiott Authority be re-
qrtired to use the ads on buses.
The srtit cltargcs that NFTA's refusal to do
so violates the First Amendment by suppress~
ing free speeclt.

 

 

 

 

LAURA BOSTICK UPS‘

 

 

 

Judge steps down

Albany, N. Y. 
(AP) Jacob Fuehsberg will step down on May '
15 from the state's highest court. the Court ‘
of Appeals. the 69-year-old judge announced .

yesterday.

Fuchsberg said he will continue delibera-

tions on cases the court Irtrs already heard.
btrt that he will not ltear arguments on any
new cases when the judges meet later this
month for their April~May session.
Fucltsberg's intention to resigtr has been
known for months, btrt he had held off pick-
ing a specific date for the State l. '
attd Governor Mario Cuomo could . rec on
a bill to opctt up the selection process for his
successor.

Tougher laws asked

Albany, N. Y.
(AP) State Attorney (icncrttl Robert Abrams
called 'ltttrsday for tougher pettttlties against
pcsticid- abusers itt New York. ter'mirrg the
present “lenient” statutes “truly shocking."
irt the wake of the recettt contamination ot
scvet‘ttl Lottg island homes, Abrams said he
was draftirtg. legislation to rtrake the unlaulul
application of pesticides a felony.

For violators, that could mean tip to loot
ycar‘s irt prison. fines of up to $5.000 artd \'i\ it
penalties amounting to us' rtttrclr as $254va
for each violation. Undercurrent Ian, iiit'ydl
pesticide use is punishable by a $250 lure
"the cqttivttlerrt of a traffic ticket." Abrattr
said.

The stiffer penalties would apply irt row
where licensed firms violate ctrtrettt stutt-
pesticide rates within “)0 yards of a huildrnr-

owr stand clarified

xi/htrrty, .\ I
(AP) New Yor k's top jttdgc ’i‘hutsday Ir.tr kt .I
away from his statement Wednesdat Ilr.rl
drunken driv-'. convicted of killing perurlt'
on the highways, should sette llilit' iii
hospital etncrgettcy rooms instead or illl-trll
cells.

On \‘Vedncsday. (‘ourt of Appeals tint-l
Judge Lawrence Cooke told reporters lltrtl
the state sltotrld consitler requiring those that
pic to serve time irt hospital Cltlt'lt't'llr\
rooms.

However. Thursday morning. ( ooit
telephoned The Associated l’tcsx to
“clarify” his position and said Ire didn‘t lt‘lli‘
ly tltirtk the emergency roortr alternutue
would be appropriate for drunken rittxct»
who Irad killed someone.

Ravitch ouster asked

/il/)tllll'. \.i'.

(AP) The presidcrtt of the state All t It)
called on Gov. Marin Cuotno ‘I‘hutsrlro to
replace Richard Ravitch as tread or the
Metropolitan Transportation /\llli)ttlt|_\
because of Ravitch‘s handling of the Mcuo
North strike.

"Mr. Ravilch is prolonging tltc \lllkt'
through his failure to negotiate itt good I.th
with the united 'i‘ransportation Union,“ ‘ullti
Raymond Corbett in a letter to (homo.

Corbett charged that Ravitch's ticgttlldillrg
tactics were a “mockery of the coliertnc
bargaining system" aimed at “destroying the
union.“

 

t

PREVIEW OF
7  " ‘

EVENTS

“Family Publishing in a Corporate
World", a panel discussion by three
members of the publishing firm
\ John Wiley and Sons. Inc., will take

concourse of

0p art export Richard Anuszkiewlcz _
will speak on Wednesday, April 20,
at 6 p.m. In meeting room 6. on the
the Empire State

Study In Brazil at the University at
Campinas, Sao Paulo. Students at
the junior, senior. or graduate level
may study general and applied

The Irish Club will meet on Tuesday,
April 19 at 7 pm. in EA 227.

Brandeis ZUnlverslty Professor
Marshall Sklars will speak on “Liv‘
In; In American Society: American
Jewry from the First to the Fourth
Generation." on Thursday. April 21
at 7 p.m. In LC 2. The lecture is
sponsored by tho Judaic Studies
Department of SUNYA.

Pro-health prololuton etudonte car
attend an advisement meeting it
find out about application pro-
cedures and schools to apply to.
Meetings are being held on Tues-
day, April 19, and Wednaday.‘Aprtl
20. at 4:30 p.m. In LC 22, Sponsored
by CUE.

 

THo SUNYA chapter oi RID
(Remove Intoxicated Drivers) will
meet on Tuesday. April 19 at 7:30
p.m. In CC 356.

A Physics Colloquium entitled “The
Application of Mass Spectrometry
to Bulk and Surface Problems" will
be presented by Richard E. Honlg ol
RCA labs, today at 3 p.m. in PH 129.

SUNYA Music Council presents
Eastman Brass. featuring Malcolm
Arnold's Quintet on Saturday, April
16 at 8 p.m. In Page Hall. 135
Western Avenue. Admission In
$3.50 for students with a tax card.
$4.00 for faculty and SUNYA
students without a tax card, and
$6.60 tor the general public.

place on Wednesday. April 20, at 5
p.m. in the Alumni House. A recep-
tion with refreshments will follow
the discussion.

The legislative fellowship program
on women and public policy is ac-
ceptln applications from graduate
students who have completed at
least 12 credits of graduate school
and have related work experience.
For more information contact Fred
Padula at the Center for Women In
Government. 455-6211.

A sign language class for beginners
will be held on Monday, April 18 at 8
pm. in HU 128. Randi Pahi will
teach the class which Is sponsored
by the College of Continuing
Studies.

Plaza. The speech ls part of the 5th
Annual Artists Lecture Series.

A chemistry colloquium entitled
"Properties of Nuphar Alkalolds"
will be presented by Prolessor
Robert LaLonde from the SUNY Col-
lege of Environmental Science and
Forestry. on Tuesday, April 19, at
4:30 p.m. tn CHM 151.

Free introductory speed reading
lessons are being offered by the
Evelyn Wood Program today in the
Tom Sawyer Inn. 1444 Western Ave..
at noon, 2:30 p.m.. and 5 p.m.: on
Saturday. April 16, In the Tom '
Sawyer Inn at 10 a.m. and noon, and
Washington Ave.. at 10 a.rn., 4:80
p.m.. and 7 pm.

Ilgulstlcs and literature. Admission
requires two years of college level
Portuguese or equivalent cont
potency. For more lniorrnation con-
tact the office of International pro-
grams Immediately at 457-8670

The NY State Women's Studio5
Association annual C0iti0itilltitl,
sponsored by the College oi fit.
Rose and the Women's Studios Pro‘
gram at SUNYA. will be holrl ttorn
Friday. April 15. to Sunday, April 11.
on the St. Rose campus. Featured
speakers Include former NY 000'
gross member Shirley Chisholm
and author Evelyn Book. For tnntv
Information call Nancy Printi'o “I
454-5295.

 

___.

 

,-w_,_a.,c.....—« 5e

APRIL 15, I983 I] ALBANY STUDENTPRESS 3

Missing ASP’s couldbe tied to endorsements

 

 

By Anthon Silher

/I.\'.\U('Iel ll" Nla'i S I “[1th

 

This year‘s strident association elections
were marred by rtttrtors. accusations. arid bit-
terness. according to people involved irt
various eatnpaigtrs.

In the center of the controversy, according
to most people interviewed. was the endorse-
rtrent issue of the ASP.

ASP endorsement dc ons were not well-
taken irr several campaign canrps. and
charges that the campaign of vice presidential
candidate Robert l’isltkitt appropriated and
concealed large tttrtnbers of the ertdorserrrertt
issue abounded within groups involved.

Wltiic tnost of the rumors are unsubstan-
tiated, sottre facts have been established atrd
confirmed by several different sources.

According to Tirornas Allen of Alumni
Quad. an “extremely close worker" for
Fishkin‘s campaign approached him on the
Monday night before the endorsement issttc
came ottt and told Itinr to gather ttp ASI’s if
the endorsement was ttrtfavorable.

“She said to Inc, ‘If Rob doesn‘t get it.
take a lot of ASI’x so others can't read it (llte
cttdorsernerrt)‘. She was not joking," said
Allett, who identified the worker as Michelle
I egetrtlre, adding “it was very seriottsly
said."

Legendre denied sayittg artytltittg to Aliert.
atrd asked. “Wily would someone say that?
Why wottid I steal any ASI’X? I did not even
notice arty missing."

()nc Schaffcr .trnpaign worker. wltoaskcd
not to be identified, said that Ittlc i'uesday
site was iii the campus center and observed
I‘isltkiu attd a senior campaign worker trtcet
ill the contact office lobby. According to tire
Schafl'er worker, she overheard I‘ishkin's
aide say, “It's illegal and we'll get caught.
litcryortc is goirtg to find out." At that

 

 

 

The A SP's April agenda/semen! Issue

.Atcr-rorrrrom of ASP abdbctt‘on abound.

point. said the Sclntffer worker. Fishkin
turned around tttrd tlten said, “Don't worry
about it" and the two walked away.

The Schal'fcr \totker cmphasi/ctl that she
couldn't be sure what Ir'ishkiu arid ltis aide
were talkirtg about. "I can‘t say they were
tulkirtg about the ASP. artd I can‘t say that
they were not," sh it.

Additiottally, ol'l'terals of the Schaffer artd

Schneider campaigns contend that several
stacks of .IiSI’s disappeared front State Quad
during dirrnct 'l'ttcsday night. ()tre Schneider
worker, Ilarbtua illtl\\i|l. said that on her
way to the cafeteria. she saw plenty of .‘iSI’L
“When I got there,“ said litllwill. "Hsilk’iti
was there with some of his workers. He left,
and when I left. I troticcd the xtSI’s were
gone."

F' 'hkin hotly disputed the accusations that
his campaign stole the ASPs."Neither myself
nor anyone involved in my campaign had
anything to do with this," he lnsisted. “The
charges are absolutely false — there is no
truth to them." he added.

Fishkin said he felt the endorsement wasn‘t
so bad and asked why he would conceal
papers that had two of his ads in them.

According to SA President elect Rich
Schaffer. Fishkin did have a motive for steal-
ing the papers. “i know ire was mighty pissed
off when lte didn‘t get the endorsement."
Scltaffer said.

SA Vice President elect Jeff Scirneider carr-
tioned against unwarranted accusations.
"My people did find several hundred ASPs
which were thrown away." he said. “but I
think Fishkin is too smart to throw away
ASPs. [don't think l-‘ishkin would do that."
Ire added, “but maybe people working for
Iritn would."

Schaffer agreed, saying, “Fishkin may not
have known what was going on, bttt I would
say it was the people on his staff."

Schneider. Scltaffcr‘. and variotrs campaign
workers estimate that they found I000-l300
.IISI’s' stashed irt garbage carts. bathrooms,
attd closets. The zlSl’ has a total circttltttion
of 10.000 copies per issue.

l€llen Steinfcid. I~ishkirt's carrrpaigtt
manager, said.”l cart honestly say that no
people uiro work for its regularly took them.
Perhaps some ot the irregulrtrs did, httt l
dotrbt it."

Steinl'cld said that between the endorse-
rnctrt and tire front page article. former
presidential candidate .ioc Ranni got
"killed". Site contended that a rnotitc ex—
isted for Itanrri to conceal the papers.

When asked to respond. Ratrrti sounded
\tttptisctl artd denied any knowledge oi the
rnissingpapets. ' ‘

Less jazz means more of Third World on WCDB

ily iiill Brewster
\I. IIl'RIIIN

Hours of jun. progratrrrttirrg at WCDIi
have been cttt in order to give rrtore airtime to
third world music.

The station's tnamtgernertt switched its
programming tcrrrpo last Motttlay resulting itr
a Iii-hour weekly decrease for jail. artd a six
hour increase for third world.

The switch. described by WCDB Program
Director Joe 'i‘rciin, was rnatle due to a lack
of new Dis. trainees. attd student interest
witltitt the jam department. Ile added that
student interest is gauged according to the
number of students involved with the station.
ttot tlte number of listeners.

"Student interest in jazz just hasn't bccrt
strong enough to tnandate the prirrte hour's
that it had," Trelin cxplairted. “Third World
department members." ire added on the
other ltarrd, "have been increasing their irr-
terest and role in the station." Jan. is ttow
slotted for Saturday and Sunday morning it
a.rn. to l2 p.m. Third world takes over jttu's
old spot, Monday through Friday. 5 p.m. to
'8 p.m.. as well as retaining its Friday over-
night hours, It p.m. to X a.rn.

'l‘rclin also said that jau —— straight ahead
bee-bop. and avartl gartlc — is considered
“special prograrntrring" at WCDB, while
third world, because of its different cultural
character is considered "necessary for the
student population."

“The ittterest has declirtcd irt jazz, agreed
(ierrcral Manager Rick I-‘rancolini. “while it's
gortc just tltc other way with third world."

General Manager elect David Singer,
whose term begins May I, said that he also
agreed with the decision to change program-
ming. rrotirtg tlte cltangc would have had to
be made eventually because of a large tur-
novcr ofjazl. DJs next year. “Most of the cX<
pcricttced jazz DJs are graduating," he said.
“and the ones remaining just don‘t Itave the
experience yet," Singer added that by mak-
ing the schedule change now. DJs will obtain
experience arid the departtnent will be better
organized for next year.

“I've asstrrcd all the jazz DJs who've cotttc
up to tire that we're not phasing otrt jau at
all." said Singer. “bill that it‘s starting anew
next year." Ilc added that if the jttll. depart-
trrcrtt improves, recruits new DJs to replace
graduates rttrd increases interest artd so on.
then Ire sees no reason why jaw. can't "build

itself up again.”

Sitrger also noted that the Third World
dcpartnrcrtt has greatly improved. and prac-
tically dotthlcd its stttdent interest irt terms of
I).Is within llrc past year.

The decision to ctrt jaIJ. programming. ac-
cording to 'i'relin. was not a rash one. Discus-
sions were held on the subject last semester.
ltc explained. arid tltc jau department. as
well as third world departtncttt members.
made certain promises to improve programs
and production. According to the WCDB
management memo that attnourteed the pro-
gram changes, tltesc promises were kept by
the third world dcpartrnettt. but not by the
jail DJs.

Jazz DJ Larry Rader, who graduates this
year, said he was not bitter with tile decision
to ctrt hours, but still was not happy with the
way the sitrration was handled. “I think it
was handled in a bad way." Ire said. notirtg

WCDB Program girectorJoo Trelin

or r progrrmtrrrilrg elttmgt'.

Conflict unit

that lie was not spoken to. but had to'rcad ol
the decision iIfICI the tnctno was posted.
“There are only five weeks left and they take
utrr shows away. After three years. is that arty
way to treat us?"

Rader rnairrtairtcti Ire knew of five possible
DJs for next y t and said Ire didn‘t think the
turnover reason for cutting jal/ “necessarily
holds water."

Trelin said he was only sure of two ja/I.
DJs for next year. lie added that five would
still liOl be enough to maintain the old
selrcdttle because of the lack of experience
among them.

The WCDB memo. explains that jiill Dis
“missed both rttartdatory music arid pro-
gramming meetings" which they promised to
attend. Rader said Ire was puz/lcd by this
eltarge since tnost mandatory rnectirtgs rarely
cvett discussed jalI because it was such a

srnail percentage of the station's total pro-

gramming effort. He also noted that many
rock D.ls must have missed meetings httt that
ttotte of tltcttr had lost arty shows over it.

Trelin replied by saying that all rock DJs
who had missed the meetings had contacted
the station or called itt advance explaining
their rcasons. “Most came to me
beforehand," he said. lie also said that
meetings were field where ja/z was to be
discussed.

"They had an opportunity." said 'i‘rclin.
“We lrad rtrcctings and discussions last
semester, and felt we had eortte to sortie
agreements."

Trelin added that when the agreetncnts
were not honored. it was little to make the
cltauges now before the new management
takes over May I. He said this was so the new
Dis could get on the air. and so the new

rnanagcrrrertt wouldn‘t lrttvc to "take the

/

/

AMV COHEN UPS

 

