  

 EDITORIAL

 

 

pp... ...m 

 

work in an objective and truthful manner. We try

hard to model ourselves after professional
organizations that have set standards before us. it is
therefore disheartening and discouraging when we read
such an obviously biased report by the Times Union regar-
ding the Sept. l3 Republican Primary on campus.

The Sept. 26 issue of the Times Union featured a news ar-
ticle that clearly mocked student efforts to exert their
voting rights. The newspaper professionals of the city. in
this instance. seem to be taking a cue from the mayor. per-
suing the ostracism of the student population.

I 5 student journalists, ASP staffers strive to do

in its presumptuous way, the article portrays the city as
paternalistic. providing its wayward. black sheep children a
privilege. Well it's not a privilege. having access to polling
places is a right. Students. like any other segment of the
population. have a right to vote iii their immediate com-
munity. not in some out of the way location deliberately
tnade inaccessible by city officials.

 

The cliticlier in the article comes when the writer gleefully

COLUMN

 

'Sharing a joke with the city

crows that. “not one student showed up to vote." without
giving equal emphasis to the legitimate reasons for this un-
fortunate occurcnce.

Not until the bottom oftltc article did it mention that for
the 60 republicans registered in that district, voting at that
time would have been in violation of New York State elec-
tioti laws. The law requires re-registration ifa person moves
- even if it only involves switching dorm rooms. This one
fact alone made students ineligible. since they did not have
time to re-register for the Sept. l3 primary.

The article treats all the valid reasons for the turnout as
mere childish excuses, while extensively documenting the
cost to the city of providing the on-campus booths. The
tone of the article was clearly condescending.

it seems that the Times Union has shared ajoke with tlte
city at the expense of the students. further widening the gap
between students and the city.

The city's eavllier attitude about fundamental
detriocratlc rights has as its main source. Mayor eralcn.
who demonstrated his opposition to students front the
beginning. Regardless of his public disclaimers. it is fair to

say he opposed last spring's party in the park bet-4....“

felt it inappropriate to allow SUNYA Sltltlt'ltls tit u..- 
property for a private party. Over the summer Whalen it 131
the ASP that he felt it would be best if all students lived ).

campus. In the same interview Whalen rlisrci'aitled lilli
slum conditions many off-canpus students must toe in eL
pressing instead sympathy for “landlords llHllt' to lift 
the student population." ' i m

Whalen has displayed a disturbing. irrational .rnd eta.
paranoid perception of students as outsiders » a tonic-tux.
unlted. homogeneous bloc of aliens bent on \ltllvcttittgthe
status quo in the city. Whalen and the city would do well in
recognize the valuable contributions the student pttpul
makes in forwarding the economy arid cosmopolit
Albany.

For all his comments about Schaffcr not acting in the
best interests of the city and the university. Whalen in im
hostility. seems to create and widen a chasm lli’lltr‘en
students and the community of Albany. And as the
Union articles prove, the city takes its cue I
mayor.

tttiott
anisttt of

I inter

 

tout the

 

Tilt: September issue of the South Enrl Scene reported

that Mayor Tltontas Whalen. ill of Albany was going to
proclaim September 24. l983 as ‘Family Day.‘
. it is not by mere accident that the main organizers of the
l-amily Day Festival are Black personalities in the Capital
District Area. that the Black community churches are par-
Itctpating in a "STATE SIGN UP." that children's
transportation to the Amtrak Station is being provided
througlt Mount Olive Baptist Churclt. and that the posters
will be sponsored by local Black business enterprises.

pr. Japhet M. Zwana

 

 

This heavy dose of Black involvement in the event is oc~
casioned by the ever present realization of the nature of the
life and times of the Black child. Being born Black and
poor in America is a severe handicap. in order to survive
and maintain a certain measure of optimism. self cort-
fidence and drive. Black children have to perform a number
of miracles.

To understand the bafﬂing resilience of the Black spirit
(nommo). it is important to realize the lnterrelatedness of
the Black family and Black culture.

The African-American culture is in every way unique
complex. rich and distinct. The reason for this is that
African-Americans are. in the words of Andrew Billingsley.
“the sum total of our experience." The debate that raged in
the l930's between sociologist E. Franklin Frazier and an-
thropologist Melville J. Herskovitz. was on the authenticity
of African culture in the so-ealled New World. Beyond this
. debate and based on several scholarly studies. the following
.o’ theory is valid: the African-American experience stems
; i from at least four major sources.

(it African Peoplehood The African-Americans left their
 native continent several centuries ago, and yet. their
African heritage has never been completely obliterated. it is
“ patently evident in their physical features which dictate
, their behavior and self conceptualization.
I V  (ii) Physical/Intellectual Creativity As a carry-over from
‘ Africa African-American constantly demonstrates a rare
sensitivity to the common good and the importance of com-
} munity. The creative genius expresses itself in religion.
. music. literature. drama. art and dance.
, (iii) Amerlcanness Due to the fact that part of their
-‘ culture has been colored and inﬂuence by the events of the
... New World. the African-Americans are also an American
3 , people sharing tn the European experiences the concomi-
tant opportunities. privileges and resources necessary for
It}; survival. .
 ‘ (iv) Africarr»AIriericun/iess No other group shares the
.{

 

   
  

. same experience as that of the Africans. The African and
t> American elements have combined in various degrees to
I" produce the African-American.
 Mainstream White and Black social scientists of the ilk of
Patrick Moynihan and E. Franklin Frazier claim that the
~ African-American family in contemporary America is
heading towards explosion and disintegration. Contrary to
evidence. they allege that slavery is directly and exclusively
accountable for all the woes of the institution. There is no
disputing that slavery profercd in a nefarious caste system
that reduced African-Americans to a sub-human status.
'However. it is sheer escapism to. indict slavery as the sole
culprit in the emasculatlon of the African-American family
that continues long after the Civil War and the Reconstruc-
tion.
in contrast to the approach mentioned above. African-H . ...

   
  
   
  
   
  
 
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
   

 

American social scientists such as Hill. Blllingaley.

 

Blackwell and McAdoo have highlighted, in a profound
way. the inlrcrcrtt strengths of the African-American fami-
ly. Among them are: (l) well-defined and loitg lasting kitt-
ship bonds as illustrated in the capacity to absorb itito the
fairtily structure other individuals; (2) frequency of infor>
inal adoption; (3) positive work orientation and habits: (4)
adaptability of family member roles; (5) high achievement
orientation; and. (ti) unqucncliable religious real.

Alrican-Airierican cltildrcti are creatures of the African-
American family which. iii turn. is a function of the
Atrican-Amcrican community which can be broken up irtto
the following stilt-systems:

——-/\fricnn-Anicrican Family

~Al‘rican-Amcrican Values and Norms

—At'rican-American Economics

—African-American Education

—A|'rican-Amcrican l-lealth Pattertis

-—African‘Amcrican Religion

——Africau-Amcrican Legal Orientation

—-Al'rican-Amcrican Communal Ethos

—African-Amcrican Recreation

~—Afrcian-American Contntunications
‘ in order to help the reader to reﬂect further on tlte mean-
ing and significance of the contemporary African-
American family. lie/site is requested to attempt some self-
gcnerated oral or written responses to the following ques-
trons:

i. What should be the central objectives of everv
African-American family? s

2. What should be the relationship between the African-

Bn Rob-8ft  
on??? 1 THE y’vg
GONE Too FAR!
HOWMANY MOST
DIE BEFORE SOME

THING s DONE?
g i

k:

 

it

   

Q

 

VrHAT‘S ’Rtéhrf‘
Now I+‘5 Iva“?
TURN M;

"an r [gm
cm .5 r] AND

.__J 5—7——

 

 

 

   
 

grzitin Cimoansmeaumcasdarwrsmwwwmvsmt

   
   
    

"THREE—Tiff?
THAT MR. YOUR— EE

 

The Blackfamily in America

American church and the family?

3. in what ways cart the larger society he |tlt  ltlt‘ii lttttll
using African-American wonrcn to promoti- .ti lllttlltiiltt'h
against the African-American ll‘L'll'.’

4. Wltat are sortie of the specii'i tltitlltttnltl ilil.lill|t‘s in
the African heritage that are still discernible tli ti. \ltt..tll
American lifestyles?

5. How did slavery affect the African .\l|lt‘li .ii. lll.tll.\
role in the family?

(i. What should the African-American L'tttlittl‘tttill‘ doze
prepare their children for experiences that tlrt . it lil.cl\ to
encounter in the larger society?

7. How do you define the dual role oi tin \tiitnn
American woman iii the family ttitd the toiiriirrnriiJ

ti. What do you understand by the lk'lllllltrtiu“. 'ttl.t.l.
Matriarchy'?

9. Wltrtt are some of the common grounds to:
and divorce within African-American l'tttuilies‘

it). How is your family doing?

Suggested reading list

Children of A fricu by Drum and Spent Press.
A Is For Africa by Jean Carey Bond.

Ilrown is a Beautiful Color by Jean Carey llotirl
A Quiet Place by Rose Blue.

The Strengths of the Black Famin by Robert Hill.
Black Families In White America by Andrea Itilhniuler.

 

i‘rliillltlll

 

—Tlie author is Associate Director of .Atft't'rntii/tvi' it mm
at SUN YA

HE SHOULD 3W: . i.
For? A// ﬁff

 

 

 

ANDRD- PUFF SUFFERING m." "

TOOK A DOSE 0 F CAUSED! .-

HIS owgaMEmott/E my
 (\f I. 

  
   

\\€v'
h

 

SANG {LV‘r’ti/h‘i/

Raiiwv/tir’ f“!

A Siti‘e wear/v
Willi.

r K a
a,

 

 

Lr'only the most academically talented but also the great mn-

    
  

 

 

- .'... ...W............-.,....m . -~ . I...  .

   
  

 

LETTERS

Best Wishes

% To the Editor:

' As a new academic year begins. some magazines and
newspapers are routinely engaging in an appraisal of the na-
tion's colleges and universities. letting us know which ones
are the fairest in the land.

The State University of New York gets its share of high
places in these rankings. However. i am disturbed by the
suggestion in at least one major publication that public
universities are only now beginning to measure up as truly
ﬁrst-class institutions.

The truth is that in many states. including Minnesota.
California. Wisconsin. North Carolina and Virginia. public
higher education and quality higher education have been
synonymous for a long. long time; the public campuses are
where the best students go.

in the Northeast. and particularly in New York. the

  
  

  
    

 ltistory of higher education has been different. New York,
éuntil SUNY was established in l948. was dominated by the
} private sector. in fact. SUNY for a long time was burdened
 by the myth that its real mission was to serve the second-
‘ best— those who failed to meet the standards of the more
'lective institutions.

w. That myth long since has been disproven —— altlrotigli ap-
»» parently some reporters are late in learning so -—- by the fact
that increasing numbers of distinguished students are pick-
itig SUNY. Why are tltcy?

 SUNY is less expensive. of course. btit cost is probably
7. not the decisive factor. Tlte availability of financial aid has
g dramatically shortened the gap between actual out-of-
”: pocket costs at SUNY and those at more expensive private

 

flinstitutions.

There are otltcr equally compelling reasons wlty the
‘stntc's most talented students are druwti to SUNY.
> —SUNY boasts an unmatched array of offerings. many
‘3 of them unique iii New York arid other itndcninbly the best
lavailablc along with a distinguished faculty;

—SUNY offers the resources of a system —— a (rt-campus
‘systcm —— rather than those of a single campus;
, ¢SUNY's geographic dispersion means tltnt there is a
campus within 50 miles of nearly every town or city iii New
».Yor'k State;
V -—SUNY offers it tnore diversified. exciting cultural en~
.vironment than small. homogeneous institutions.

Very significantly. these are the reasons that attract not

jority of SUNY's students. And for good reason: SUNY
was founded to be and continues to be a tin‘ sity for all
New Yorkers —- to provide meaningful. invigorating educa«
tiott to students who vary widely as to irritate talent.
academic preparation. socioeconomic backgroud and even
physical condition.
SUNY's highly ranked. outstanding qttality is for all of
its students.
On that note let me wish all of you who are newly entcr-
ing or rctttrning to the State University my very best wishes
‘for a successful academic year.
—l)r. Clifton R. Wharton. .lr.
Chancellor. State University of New York

No harm done

To the Editor:

ASP reporter Nicole Keys in her article on the September
l9th Senate meeting correctly quoted me as saying that I
had assumed that Rich Scliaffer's resolution would come to
the Senate as an action item. (However. i do not chair the
Executive Committee; Professor Bosco does.)

The Senate Executive Committee considered the resolu-
tion at its meeting on September 7. At that time the Univer-
sity planned to initiate hits fees around November 1. and l
ttrgcd that Mr. Schaffer's resolution go to the Senate rather

<

 

than to the EPC because the Septetnber l9 Senate meeting
appeared to be the only time the Senate could debate and
act oti the resolution before the November l deadline. My
resolution was misunderstood. and the Schaffcr resolution
came to the Senate as art item of information rather than
for action.

It is important to recognize. however. that no harm
resulted frotn the misunderstanding. After the Senate Ex-
ecutive Committee meeting President O'Lcary began the
organization of a Task Force to consider the issue and set
deadlines for the Task Force to report to the EPC early in
November and to him lit the first Week in December. The
Senate will have adequate opportunity at its December 5
meeting to discuss tltc wltolc issue as well as Mr. Schaffer's
resolution before the President makes any final decision
about implementing bus fees.

—Kendall Blrr
Professor of History

Improve access

To the Editor:

This past summer i had the uiiiqttc experience of nttcn-
rling to a student who was confined ton wheelchair around
the university when she was here for Freshmen Orientation.
This experience enabled tire to look at this university in a
different light.

Previous to this experience I never paid tiitrclt attention
to the various wheelchair facilities around this university.
When ushering this woman around. I rcalired ltow limited
tlicsc accesses were. Think about it for a monient...ltow
would you get frotu (‘ampus Center to CUl For a person
who is fortunate enough to walk. this would take about two
minutes. For a person iii a wheelchair. this would take coit~
sirlcittbly longer. l teally had to think about how to get
down to (‘Ult liy the little] figured it out. it took us about
fifteen minutes. We ended up going down through the
basement of the library through their offices. 1 know l'm
not aware of all the various facilities and there may have
been ti shorter route httt the poitit is that i never liild to
tltiiik about it before and neither does the majority of the
people on this campus.

i realize that SUNY at Albany is acclaimed with being
one of the best imivctsities in the country for handicap
facilities. llut i say this isn't good enough. Not enough peo~
ple ieali/e ltow limited these accesses are. lint then agait'
nobody would if not personally l'aced'with this difficulty
Just think about it.

 

—Muggle Alter

Positive changes

To the Editor:

(‘cutral Council. at last week's meeting. approved the
major changes iti tltc structure of the Off Campus Associa-
tioit. i would like to applaud tltctn for this action as i see it
as a step iii the right direction for the off campus student.

As i entered the office of Student Association President.
l was faced with n ﬂoundering off campus group governing
board. ()ff campus students hail been neglected in the past
by Strident Association and i felt it wits time for action to
be taken.

As i had said during the campaign. 1 sttpportcd a move
toward a “quad board" type set tip to govern the Off Carti-
pus Association. l5 students who are to be elected duriiut
the fall elections on Oct. 17 and lit. will serve as the Board
of Directors. These people wtll serve in a capacity to act on
the different areas which are included in tile group‘s
budget. Programming is a major factor here. T-shirts. par-
ties. the newpapcr. block get togethers. and other ideas for
off campus students will be under the board's jurisdiction.
llcing able to specifically devote their time to this major
area. I think that off campus students will get a better
return for their tax dollar.

 

Cﬂlspecté

Eltilbllshud In 1918
Mark Gunner. [:dlll‘lf lIr Cruel
Lisa Strain. Managing Editor

NIWI Edlloru . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..Stuvo Fox.AntlIony Silliui
Allocl-to Nuwa Edllorl . ulrtt Grnlla. Bob Gntdlnlor
. . . . . . . . ..Gall Mortoll
.Dnvo L.L. Laskln
... Llsnnno Sokolowskl

. . . . . . . . , . . . . More Software
Mink Lovinu. Tom Kacnndaa
“"0"” Plan Editor ... ,. , . . . . . . , . . ., Eddla Flalnna
p""‘Wlll‘lby Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Ed Marusblci‘t
Contributing Editors: Dean Bot1.Dohbla Juduii. Wayno Peoioboom. Deb Pro-
lulu. Editorial Alain-til: Maddl Kun. Stall writers: Gina Aband. Suzanna
Abate. Amey Adams. Marc Batman. Hubert-Kenneth Dlekay. Ben Gordon.
Mlkii Gtaanllald. Robert Mnittnlano. David MlChaelaon. Matt Nichols. Betti
o'B'ltln. Katen Ptrozzl. Ltndn Oulrtn. le Reich. Ellen Santaataio. Alan

       
 
  
   
 
  

Sports Editor . . . .. ..
Associate Sports Editor!

 

 

Somxln. Metln Ulua. Mark Wllaatd. Adam wtlk. Spectrum and Events Edllan:
flout Glnabeia, Ken Dornbaum

Hody Brod-i. Due/am Mananar
Judy Tarot. Annotate Bualnul Manager
Jam Hlnah, Advertising Manager
Milt. Knlmor. Salu Manager

 

L,

Bllllng Aceountants..
FayrollSuparvlsur .. . ,,
OlllcaCoutdlnator . ..
Classlllod Manaqat . . . JonnliorBloeh
Composition Manager. . ... . . . ....... . ...Mtckey Frank
Advertising Sales: Mark Suaatnan. Bob Cutuau. Rlch Goldln. Stave Lalbar-
man. Daniella Kaitnnl. Advarllalnn Production Manager: Julia Mark. Adv-nia-
ing Pioductlort: Amy Altetaohn. Jacklo Donato. Elaine Ftlodar. Llsa Kan. Lina
Malnttrsta. Patna Marcus. Ellyn Muto. Sharon Okun. Cutttia Ryan. Rhonda
Wolt. Stuvun Zntuut
Patricia Mitchell. Product/tin Munirgrrr
Holly Prostl. Associate Production Mil/raga!

. Ltsn Clayinnn. Randal: Bahar
... .  , ..GayFatuss
. Susan Moskowllz

 

 

ChIelTypaaettnt. ... . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Cathie Ryan
fyplsls: Joanne thdutslnuvu. Litoctry Huyntuii, Virginia Huber. Fallco Kinds

Photography principally supplied by University Pltnln Survicu. a student
ilOll .

ifzhtai) Photographer: Susan Elalna Mltrdlch. UPS Stall: Amy Cotton. Sherry
'Cohatr. Ftacltol Lttwlu. Eu Mnrusatch. Lots Maltabonl. Lisa Simmons. Erica
Spaloul. Wtutnn Stout. Jltn Valentino. Frank choltitl

Entire contents copyright ‘ teas Albany Student Frau Corporation. all
rights reserved.

Thu Albany Student Press ls published Tuesdays and Fridays between
August and Juno by the Albany Student Press Corporation, an independent
trot-lor-prollt cotpotatlon.

Editorials are written by the Editor in Chief wtth members at the Editorial
Board; pollcy Ia aiiulect to review by ttto Edlloilal Board. Columns are written

y members at the university community attd do not necessarily reprnaent
editorial policy. Advertlelnq policy does not nacaasartly raltecl editorial
policy.

Mailing address:
Albany Student Press. CC 329
"00 Washington Ave.
Albany. NY t2222
(5m) 451-5892I332213389

 

The second major responsibility that Student Association
has in dealing with off campus living is with the area of ad-
vocacy issues.

issues ranging in scope from crime. to womens safety. to
alternate side parking. to transportation. to code enforce-
incnt affect off campus students. The Off Campus Coor-
dinator will be the person in charge of this area of work.
Advocacy issues take a great deal of time and having a
qualified student leader in this position is appropriate. This
person will be reponslble to botlt the lioard of Directors. in
reporting on projects, and also to the President. in
representing the views of off campus students (a very large
constituency). The Off Campus Coordinator serves as a
contact person who can devote the time to the workings of
the City and County. which affect off campus students.

in looking at the entire situation. one can clearly see that
the governing body for Off Campus Assocaition will be
working on many of the programming and projects for off
campus living. The coordinator will serve as the llason bet-
ween off campus students and the Student Association.

i feel that this will work out the best for off campus
students. Separate structures set up to deal with the two im-
portant areas of off campus living. programniining and ad-
vocacy isst s. will work best. Here they will be able to
devote the time arid attention to these areas rather than
ltavliig one person work on these issues as past years. 0ft
campus students should be ltnppy with this appropriate
decision. l ittti confident that there will be major im
provements in the attentiott paid to off campus students.

. ——Rlch Schaffcr
SA Provident

U.S. not innocent

To the Editor:

It's frightening to tcali/e that almost ii montlt has passed
since it Soviet fighter sltot down Korean Airlines flight 007.

All the proper resolutions ltave been passed. and syru-
bolic penalties assessed. but yoit and l aren‘t one step
closer to learning wltat really happened on September i.
Our government will oiin tell us what is convenient at the
moment or what will give it the most public relations
mileage. and ignores the truth.

Anyone wlto understands the navigation systems used on
modern airliners like the lioeing 747 reali/cs that there's no
way tltc Korean pilot could have been off-course without
knowing it. [Electronic systems like Loran C can pinpoint
the location oi a ship or aircraft within several hundercd
feet anywhere in I/lt' world. Also. 747s contain udsanccd
L'tifltptllci~ttpclttlctl weather tailor that cart map the ground
the plane Il)‘s orci. Although the pilot told Tokyo aii trail
I'ic controllers that the plane has on course. he had to have
known he tins headed over some of the most restricted
airspace in the world.

There are otin two salient reasons the Korean pilot set a
course over the Kamchatka peninsula. aiid both are unsettl-
iitg. The course airliners take frotn Alaska to Korea takes
tliciit far to sea. oitt of Soviet territory brit also far off a
direct course. The crew may have been trying to save off
ritne or expensive jet fuel by trying to slip across Soviet
airspace.

the only other salient possibility is that the plane was fly-
ing an intelligence mission. which would mean U.S. corti-
plicity in the mission. The Air Force regularly llies spy
planes in that part of Asia. and the 747's course did iti-
tersect with it RC—lJS flight -— a fact our government didn't
acknowledge to it‘s people until it became politically
necessary to do so.

Let's not fool ourselves. The Pentagon war machine is
not above using civilians and civilian aircraft for military
purposes. Machiavelli had nothing on the CIA. DIA. NSA
arid other American spying orgnttirations. I

The hundreds of innocent people killed when the plane
wctit down were victims of the cold war — not victims of an
essentially evil Soviet state. The Soviets certainly fired the
missile that destroyed the plane and its passengers. but the
U.S. is a partner ill the killing because if its rhetorical sabre-
iiittling and constant spy plane intrusions.

This is ttot an apology for the Sovict‘s war machine. the
Soviets have a long history of mistrtttlrs and tuthlcssness.
I}!!! .\'(1 (lo we. it‘s easy to forget that met) major
technological innovation of the arms I‘t ‘ has come from
tltc U.S.. which forces the Soviets to pltty a suicidal game of
keep-up.

iiefore the Reagan administration tries to paint .i picture
of the Russians as ten-foot tall monsters who eat Al'gan
children for breakfast. let's take a look at tlte blood that
stains our hands. it's the same. deep litie of red.

—l)citn lletl.

Messy parking lot

To the Editor:

i would like to protest the sloppy parking that is allowed
in the Colonial parking lot. '

Early last week on my way to classes 1 parked in the Col-
onial parking lot. This is not my usual routine but on this
occasion l was visiting my girlfriend who was sick. on Col-
onial Quad. Upon returning to the parking lot i found my
car boxed in. There were also many other cars parked both
illegally on the pavement and on the surrounding grass.
With all the tickets the police handout. why can't they clean _
up‘his.lp‘?,I‘I’1'.i.llli'.-' ‘li: ... .. .t.. .. '- . mu u.

a. H vii

I. . .. .

 

 

l

" ' "'—Adiini‘Coh’én"

 

 

