   

t
r
t

 

m .....y,.__.acu_ s

L,” - g:- ._ m, so": “isms r

2!! ASPECTS

 

Twister

hese days. everyone needs a gimmick; it's a great way of
getting attention. And what better a way to get attention
than to jump up and down, waving your hands in the air?

Perhaps it was because of Bob McAllister. host of Wonderama.
that side-to-side-hands-over-head waving became fashionable.
Somehow the act of hand waving got associated with hysteria and
a new idea was born — Eddie.

When he first hit the airwaves, Crazy Eddie was a nightmare on
our soft rock radios. Like a jolt of high energy. he zapped his way
Into our homes. forever defacing the mellow world which the FM
dee-jays so carefully crafted. 4

Because his hysterical approach was so successful. Eddie
became famous. A sure sign of his success was that Eddie was be-
ing copied by everyone.

Crazy E. spawned a multitude of spin-offs. Eddie-isms included
the man from Ronco. the new FM dee-jays. Richard Simmons.
gameshow hosts. and hardcore punk music. all for just $19.95.
The ginsu knife is free.

Before Eddie. FM dee-jays were ‘laid back' lie. just breathe
heavily into the microphone and let Led Zeppelin do all of the
screaming). But. no thanks to Ed. today’s radio gimmick is to play
snatches of loud dialogue from old TV shows over the beginnings
of songs. A song isn't a song arrytnore. it's become a Screamer of
the Week. And if the ‘Screamer' isn't loud enough for you. why
not ‘Crank it Up"? Alas, the big E's hysteria had destroyed’an era of
mellow rock and mellow people.

Now. the airwaves and picture tubes bombard us with crazies —-
crude, garrish people who go to extraordinary extremes to garner
attention. "Tuck those iummies girls. . .loud rules. loud fast
rules. . .it's time now to play Family Feud. . .order now. don't
delay. . .Yabba dabba dooooooool" It's become an obsession with
hysteria.

But is this raving. hand-waving hysteria if not a device to act out
the uncouth mannerisms that we have repressed in ourselves? Ed-
die is the loudest (‘li’sssss herel). the dumbest (Crazy Eddie is hav-
ing a Christmas Sale in August) the most foolish man we know.
Yet. he s also the most human. capturing a part of ourselves that
we d drather not admit to and just as soon forget.

 

l 96 I -
with Student ID

3’ .
KENMORE 4%,...
‘ﬁlbany’s rarest»

175 No. Allen St.
Albany, N.Y. 12206 M 482%“

owe“

 

 

f "Land Mark Bake Shop"
Craig Claiborn
New York Times
1983

 

N: t. ,t . ill;
'  “your/m1.) 
"it w >\ Mr)
jinn/‘0, ll .;Inn?t .
if,” 'V', “rt” ‘ w
 alcome
 Pal'ﬂms

SIIIWOSEIII Plaza

 

 

Menu sneclalltlas

Soup made by Mrs. London herself

Quiche of the Day

Green Salad with Fresh Vegetables

Whole Wheat Buttermilk Pancakes

Poached Eggs in Brioche with Bearnaise Sauce
French Toast made with Brioche Bread
Grilled Black Forest Ham

Smoked Bacon

Man-Eat! Breakfast 9-11

 

 

Lunch 1 1-3 ’
Limited Menu 3.9
m: Breakfast 9-12 r
Lunch 12-3
mi Brunch 9.3 J

 

 

, ,  my.‘ﬂuwﬂwmrg.“awardevna a. ... r ...‘._.‘,...M V

 r mama-.- :ur

.. w .~ ‘,- ,r..

__OCTOBER 2t 1983
Insrde...

33

From vinyl to canvas: Joe Romano reviews Howard Devoto's
Jerky Versions of the Dream, and Linda Haymes looks in on the
wonders of the University Gallery.

 

N

 

centerfold“
Case in point: David Singer crosses over into another dimension
exploring the phenomenon of 'The Twilight Zone. from Rod Serli
ing’s inimitable lipless monologues to the late-night trials of a true
Zone fan.

 

6a 751*N

Fiction by Daniel Barth and Gail LOOkan bElween “18 liHUS‘ LL
Merrell: capturing the explosive reviews Edward Lirnonov's tr-
final moments in the life of an un- revranl "'8 Me. Eddlt’t (th 'litliii
suspecting tourist, and the lonely Keenan exposes tlte lilritttt oi
underside of adolescent society. William Blatiy‘s Legion ‘J

 

 

8a

 

Spectrum guides you through the coming week irr Capit.rl.rtrrl.
from music to miscellaneous. while The Freshman loses hisr or ii on
the podium, J

 

 

 

     

 
 

Cover and centerfold photos courtesy of The Twilight Zone (.‘onrprrnmtr lit.‘ M t it
Zlcree. 1982. published by Bantam books.

QMLLQtLlLeﬂceki

"if we call page 8a ‘end game', what do we call page 2a: “beginning
game'?" h l

 

.f‘rspects editor Gail Merrell. sometime very early Thursday IttorItA
mg, trying to figure out some way to name this page as is done with
all the others. The idea was dropped soon after.

 

., n 7 LION‘S GATE FiLlii
UNDER FIRE JEAN-LOUIS TR
INTIGNANT -ructt RD MASUR
ED  "(Wm JERRY GOLDSM TH. ............r...t)lf'r Mii’i‘iiiiNi’
m... .. RON Sifiilll‘bN Ci Agilikliitohfthilk" EDlrii‘l‘rlinililllOHMtN
W...JONATHAN'MPLIN rmeOGERWSllleTISW?X)l)i‘J

W arut‘ulttntmltlurrmu-m-

hunt-m. I um-xmm—  Hg...
NOW PLAYING ATATHEATRE NEAR YOU-

 
 
   

  

 

K - 3.1;; a; .... .—

 

 

 

OCTOBER 21. 1983

 

Sound And Vision.

 

ASPECTS 3a

 

Visions Of Howard Devoto

fter two years behind the scenes,
Howard Devoto. the man dubbed
the “most important man alive" by
NME magazine. has released his debut

album. entitled Jerky Versions of the Dream,
and It is a first rate effort.

 

Joe Romano

Devoto has been a mainstay of the English
music scene since 1970. when he emerged
as the lead vocalist of a pioneer punk band.
the Buzzcocks. He left this Manchester group
shortly thereafter because he felt he had to
shout to get his point across, and use eight
words where one would have sufficed.
Magazine was his next project. They
developed a large cult following In the U K..
but never caught on it] the lltrited States
After putting out six powerful albums. the
band split rtp irr search of new horizons

Jerky Versions of fllr' liteurtt was released
late this Summer. and it is a creative master
piece. Devoto unlisted a hodgepodge of
trrusiciarrs for the album. including lititttrtltttr!
friend and former Magazine keyboardist.
Dave Formula. He helped with the nursinrl
arrangements, as well as playing the liSli
synthesizer, and occasional piano on all of
the songs. l-‘ornrer Margarine bassist, Harry
Adamsotr, who has also worked recently
with former Burrcock Pete Shelley. also ap
pears on a few cuts.

The album is certainly reminiscent of
Magazine, yet it is also quite different. There
isn't one set dominant musical style. but a
variety of types, ranging frotn a ballad to an
all-out rock-n-roll number. Devoto also
varies the musicians. and the instruments us-
ed for each tune. His creative genius is
shown in that he alone wrote the music and
lyrics for eight songs. and co-wrote the other
two, He Is able to enjoy more musical
freedom now than he ever could while fron-
ting Magazine. Howard Devoto's talents are
able to flourish on this album as they never
have before.

The first cut. and perhaps the best on the
album. is “Cold imagination." it is a very
upbeat song highlighted by the great piano
and synthesizer work of Formula. and the
top-notch drumming of Pat Ahern.
Although Devoto makes use of the syn-
thesizer on every song, it merely adds to the.
music rather than controlling it. Laura
Teresa's icy chants accent the song beautiful-
ly. as does Martin Heah's steady bass line.
and Alan St. Clair's subtle guitar riffs. The
chorus is very catchy, as is the case in most
of the tunes on the LP. The rest of the song
keeps you off-balance. which is now a
Devoto trademark.

Art In

he fall chill arrived earlier than ex—

! pected. Without a coat to protect
me, tackling cold winds before my

morning classes was not a pleasant tlroughi.
Quickly l dodged into the Fine Arts Building
to head for the tunnels. Passing through a
large brown door in a first floor hallway. i
found myself iii a brightly lit. simplistic white
room filled with Edward Koren drawings. i
realized that i had stumbled upon the
University Art Gallery.#mi 7

 

Linda Haymes

The school art gallery has housed many
exhibits. The one l came across that cold
ttrortritrg was a Koren display. I'lis famous
drawings have been published iii The New
Yorker. Rolling Stone. Soho Weekly News,
atrd other popular periodicals. Ills
caricatures are both humorous anti
enlightening. as they reflect the absurdrtres of
everyday life.

The gallery covers many perspectives.
The exhibit “Artists at Large" with
photographs by Rollie McKenna brought
together the Photography and linglislr
depattnmnts. A series of lectures and
readings were presented and poets such as
John Malcolm litinnin and Stanley Kunilz
appeared during the course of the exlribi»
tion.

Community residents often visit the
gallery Recently \Vt' had “Myths and Syntr

 

 

....,

The single from Jerky Versions of the
Dream is “Rainy Season." which is the only
tune getting any radio airplay. it has also
been released as an MTV vidio. which marks
the first time Devoto has ventured ltrto this
field. it is a very quick paced. accessible
number. again highlighted by the stupen-
dous work of Dave Formula and Pat Abern.

Devoto changes speeds again on “Way
Out of Shape," as he finally unleashes St.
Clair. Heath and Ahern on an out-and-out
rockln' tune. He immediately brings the
music to a grinding halt with a ballad entitled
"Some Will Pay (for What Others Avoid)."
on which Devoto utilizes a saxaphotre
sound. courtesy of Gary Barnacle of Leisure
Process.

Through all of this. Howard Devoto
manages to remain in total command of the
situation. which is his strongest attribute. Hts
thoughtful lyrics atrd dlstitrci. nasal voice
make the songs. The instruments are a subtle
background for his sentiments. rather than
he bettrg the front mart for a mere jam ses-
sion. The guitar of St. Clair. atrd the bass of

lban

 

    

Heath. James. and Adamson are kept in
abeyance just enough so that they don't
overshadow Devoto. yet still keep the music
tight.

His clear. crisp vocals bring his ideas
across very convincingly Most of these con-
cepts are centered around the topic of love.
and they convey a feeling of rejection, disap-
pointment and frustration. in "Topless." he
sings about a man who is lnfatuated wih a
certain woman who shuns him as if he were
some mindless. empty fool: “Your beauty's
making me seem free. there's never been
any choice for me. You are perfect. you can
do no wrong. You are perfect. you make me
feel like Napoleon, and l love you like no
one else." She "Calls trim topless and In-
complete," In spite of his devotion.

Two of the other top cuts on the album are
‘Waiting for a Train," and “Taking Over
:leaven.” in the former song. a man is hop-
ing to leave behind his bitter past by taking a
trait) to see his lover once again. The music is

 

 

1"Mediterranean Landscape.” by Richard Callner 'Courtesyo/

the University (Val/cry

bulltilll itr ltrvit (Eskimo Artl." and many area | member Stephan Day. between the Adin-

grarrrtnar schools came for tours and lec~
lures. However. the SUNYA students
response was not overwhelming.

This is a major setback facing our gallery.
l low do we get more students Involved? The
director. Nancy fiddle. said that “people
from the Education building only come to
catch the bus."

l’resenily. there is a large. brightly painted
steel sculpture. constructed by faculty

' trislrtrtlolt and Fine Arts buildings. The piece

is part of the exhibit being featured from now
until lierunrber It)

This exhibit should be of interest to
SUNYA students because it features Works
by twelve faculty artists lidwatd Mayer's
‘JlL'CUS IITL' llll (’llfll'lllllllfi tilld (lllIlU UVUT‘
Jvhelnring feature Mayer. the new chairman

 

on W. .t n r,ﬂ....v.............t....r. ...uso.or—H

 

very upbeat. funky. handsclapptng. finger-
snapplng material. Devoto's vocals are again
backed by the superb work of Formula. the
steady drumming of Ahern and the fine sax
work of Barnacle. “Taking Over Heaven" is
the most Magazine-inﬂuenced song on the
album. Tire music has a very sharp distinct
sound and is highlighted by drifty keyboards.
Vocalist Penelope Houston. from the San
Francisco punk band. Tire Avengers. joins
Howard on this track to add a little spice. His
vocals are more biting and raunchy, as op-
posed to the strong harmonies characteristic
of the rest of the LP.

The nruslc on Jerky Versions 0/ the
Dream lacks the power of Magazine's
material. but that doesn't make it any less en-
joyable. Howard Devoto's departure from
his former band has allowed him to achieve
the control he never achieved with them.
and he has never sounded better. Through
his mastery of Instruments, lyrics and music.
he has proven that he deserves a place
alongside the top creative geniuses in the
nruslc world today. L

 

 

hours constructing this temporary.
rnetlculously sculptured wooden frame.
Other reknowrred faculty members have
paintings. prints and etchings on display.
The work of Thonr O'Connor is thought proe
voking with pictures such as ‘Neptunes'
Gate.‘ One isolated section is frightening in
it's realism. This Is called the Divorce Room.
featuring pictures typical to divorce scenes.
Beautiful cloths of various textures and col-
ors overlay to form picturesque scenes. Ox-
idezerl sculptures. steel. lucite boxes.
'humorous photos. and overwhelming and
exciting drawings of roller coasters are just a
few examples of the many pieces of art
created by SUNYA's faculty.

The faculty exhibition is one of the many
presentations brought to us this year. We catr
look forward to “Recognition:
Faces/Places." which features the photos of
Charles 'l‘raub. the former director of New
‘York's light gallery. Corning itr March we will
‘host “New York Painters" and "20th Cen-
tury American Watercolors." which reflects
the current revival of interest itr watercolors
among artists today. ln'May there will be the
“Master's of Fine Arts Theses Exhibition."
lwhiclr includes painting, drawing, sculpture
and prints by candidates for the university's
degree rtr Studio Art. .

Gallery hours are Tues-Fri 9 a.nr.—-5
p.m.. 'l'lrurs evening until 8 pm. and Sat
and Sun l-tl p in. For additional informa-

‘I’fﬂ the gcujl‘jmm prngmtn‘; hm'ipetrt-nbnktrH-l‘w‘tnﬂrﬁdl 45Hii7f‘3r—W- -' «~M""' l. l

 

