 

 

:‘v‘tAWﬁ‘r‘tf‘

,g'géirl'

. a

8 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS _ OCTOBER II. I981

 

 

Rockefeller College designs double program .

 

By Mnddl Kurt

EDITH,” II l\\/\I' H!

m

Seniors who are majoring in
economics. political science, and
sociology can now begin taking
graduate courses ysltile they are still
completing tlteir BA. trrtder a new
program administered by The
Nelson A. Rockefeller College of
Public Affairs and Policy. accor-
ding to Assistant l’rol'essor of
Public Administration Carolyn
Ban.

   

ﬂlNYA d0W"'°'!D£E"J’JL§..

 

 

because (people \titlri those three
majors \torrld be tlte rttost interested
irt the program." e\pl.ttrtet| llair.
To be eligible let the combined
program. a student must lust meet
all regular retrrrirerrrertts lot a ll. \.
in political science. Ills'illtillu! stilt-
l'ield requirertterrts. tlie trtrttiittrritt
liberal arts and \\l\'|l\\'\ kIL‘tIII re-
titiirerttertt. the residency and
general education stetiurreruetits.
and a JiltHetel course requiring it
lIllIJUi research or outing protect.
to be adtttitted into the protatri.

 
 

("'5

Program ('(lIlI/lillt‘t some M..-l. ill-«Ill, Il..-l. work.

The combined program. which
has recently been approsed by the
University Senate. would allow a
senior with at least 56 credit hours
to begin taking. graduate eourses
that would eottnt tots'ard bolli their
B./\. arid their master's of public
ttdrttinistration.

“We proposed economics.
political science. and sociology

a student should also hate .i 1.2
grade porttl ateirtucatid should siih-
tttit tltree letters ol tt'ulllllltt‘lltiilltt'll
t'rortr undergraduate instructors.
Applications can be obtained trom
Draper Hall. Room Ilt».

lo complete the proctarti. .r stri-
dettl _ttitist also take the \tlIL'
courses, eortrpreliertsrse e\.itttttt.t-
tiott. and internship required b\ the

proeiam. l.'p to l2 graduate credits eliminates ‘senior bloredttrrli‘." 0" U'llilllnll ll because it \iill put mc
taken iii the senior year can be ap- Seniors \thoenroll ttt this combined undu too much pressure
mien rouartls the .16 tteeded lot a program eatt also complete a pletc the required cot...“
stell as master‘s degree rttore quickly. ac- known about it itt my sup

it) com.
||' I had

. - H ‘ humor:
cottlitttt Iollan. the combined pro- year I could base pltrtitti-d m.

II“. My“. mum ulIous students to complete a schedule aecordittpiw. ml nullch
[here are seserttl .rdtatttages Io master's itt abortt one-tind-a-liall "I tlttttk the ptoyiam is NHL“
mi. mu Irriturlllll. designed t‘or col- years alter completing the CUIS'Out a lot or non...“ dam
Ieee rtrtriors plttttttittyt to attend bachelor‘s degree. I I . and It save: a lot or llltlt' Iliat‘stli:
utttduale school. A major hettelrt ts “\\ e recettll) NEH“ "‘"mg be“ Pa”- Hlld \opltonum- “m
. classes stirh those students enrolled Weinslcin.
oho might be interested iii the pru- H '
obo applies to tltis proertuit arid is grant. “1- plan to start sending I Mil sun unusual Ultttritluml).lhal
.tetepted can be admitted to Isioehures to hold) stttdcitts ahotrl “,6 'ye .sel vllfl lot lilt'st' outrun“.
“Milli”? ‘k'lll‘l‘l “Willi! lhk‘il \L‘llll‘f it." said lltttt. She added that “L‘ H: hoping u “I” MUM My"
‘ mldcms mu. mph-mu] n" inn-wet students to the Masters or pnhhc
II! the program. Milli” l’mttrtittt. It's turd ,0
Junior economics major Ricky Plait“ Wilt" tilt: Ultimate trill he
lelilntati said. "I think tltis pro- 'hl” “‘C “'0'” i‘t' ‘hlll'lllt' Antoni1
giant is a great idea httt l dott‘t plan "Ill." noted llan. v

bachelor's degree. as
ttmatds the I! courses returned lot

the elimination ol' the (iradtrate
Record i:\lllllllilllltlll. “Anyone

year “about lilislllll the Graduate
Record i:\.lllllllilllull.” llan said.
"\\ e Ieel SUNYA settiors are ready
to start applying themselses totsard
iligilt‘l‘imci courses. l'ltis ptogrttltl

Speaker sees an unstable Brazil

W "ms—w'j—'-"""““;; ‘ protessoi John \\'tr tIi iii a recent ar—
 Fhrijsuiw Rene" , trcle: "Ilia/ll is rttotirti.I back to ii iii control."

A potentiallydisastrous situation title or last and procedures itt order The present situation. ltottetet,
is forming in the- eurreur to allocate potter. a system or remains unstable. Hie mantis tut
Ilia/than political system. a drum classic democratic polities." suffered severe (lll‘lll'itl .qu the
lion that could become “explosite” lleeause lira/ii has bcert titled economic situation looks t’lllll. tsttli
airless changes are rriade ittttltcdiate- primarily by military interests l‘or art inﬂation rate neatly Ni [rem-iii,
ly according to a professor from the the last ttso decades. the transition Fleischer said. UllL‘lllltistHItt'tIl tales
Unitersidade dc Brasilia. back to goterrttnental title has riot have also escalated \\|lit '!.t [lavage

l’oliticttl Scientist Until] beert easy lot the Brazilians irr soeittl of a salary decree last \mt \lliile
l-leiscber. iti his lrtlls entitch "llte or economic terms. according to the lower class bertelitted llotll .tll
Democrati/ruiort ol‘ the llra/ilian I'Ieiscltet. In 197‘) the military rtile increased tninitrttrrtt \Hlt'r'. rite llllti-
Political System: Reality and has over-turned. and the goyetn- dle class regressed dtie to theiiserrt
Rpcnuu-us“ Mummy 3. Mir"c rm“. trrcrtt resumed porter. Quick inﬂation. Fleischer said
also cited concern over "the teloitns arid “political ittitiatiscs" Efforts to intproie tit: ptt'settt
tlelrnite possibility ol a social itpris- subsequently ensued. l~leiselterstrid. plight of lira/ll loot» '.-itrr 
me In Ilia/ii," l’olttieal prisorters \sere released. Fleischer said. “but not perm. title

Ilre ptobletrts ol‘ the South and political e\t|es ssere allotted to if markets expand. llr.r.'rl  .soil.

:\lllL‘liCilll country stem lrorrt the re- return to the country. back and make it \itli‘it '. r to "

cent ehaitgeoset from art establislt- llte most dramatic tipltertsal Fleischer feels that "lit 
esl military title to a rtrore resrtlted Irom tlte abolition of changes rtecd to lie Illtttit
detrioeiatic regime. llia/il‘s l\\o»ptttt) system. aecor- systetrt itself." and nee. .

Iltc llrtr/ilian situatiort was clear- dirty to i‘iL'isL‘Ilct. Iltis. the pio- by the population .lisrt ill . ' .ntite
ly described by Stanford Unisersitt . lessor contended, “as done “in 19’

order for the gosertururtt to ram...”

 
 

 

 

 

‘— .—

Ir) case you haven’t beard:

Parent’s chkcrpd

 

Continental Breakfast
SUNDAY nor 23.1983

 

tickets are now 01) sale!
MON— FRI 10-2
in the contact office

Price $4.00 a ticket

 

 

THE TICKETS ARE GOING FAST
- so BUY EARLY.

DON’T MISS [‘1’
FOR MORE INFoltMA'I

 

457-8087

—.—ﬂ—

 

 

Nobody carries more models. We have hundreds
of books and magazines. We even carry robots

 

Hewlett-Packard. Commodore. Eagle. Franklin.
Epson. Texas Instruments Professional. Atari.
Stnclatr. Coleco Adam. Androbot.

Software galore!

Communicating micros our specialty...let us turn
your micro into a terminal.

We're the area‘s largest computer store.

I the

I I computer
I I I cellar

Westgate Plaza. Central & Cotvln Avenues
Albany. New York 12206 482—1462. 482-1463

Open weeknights 'til 9. Saturday ‘til 6

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

Can you tell .
if the REGULAR prlce
of anythmlg 11; your
supermar et 1s a go

‘39 s\
M

  

 
 
 
 

J t \ o
' ' .‘b
slii‘gi r’ ‘ is; o \

  

. tw ‘
r non Red 00
Grand l" . wet W?“
m esen 10 in ‘5

W prices

  

[Mun-—

 

the Price

0d price.

Contains over 9,900 mgvlarm’mo
for your shopping “mm

book.
. m arose realm“ Pncii.»

OCTOBER 11,1983 Cl ALBANY STUDENTPRESS 9

 

  
  

 

Grand Union (33}.
and they tell you 111

inder.

    
      

 

 

