   
   
   

 
 
   

 
 
 

 
 
  

..........-..-. «my... .-.._.... ..

'W..nr-zw:f..wm ..........-......._._.._..w._ ‘32:- :--...

      

Cagers win
—page 19

FEBR UAR Y 25, I983

 

 

y Mark Levine
l:'llll‘(lRlztl tsstst'aNr
__-____.____ ___,_,.._._.#

For the Albany State men's basketball
team. Maxcy Hall in Potsdam has been the
setting for some of the team's most glorious
moments. It has also been the slgiit for
some of its most bitter defeats. The Danes
hope to add to their collection ot' fond
memories tlils weekend as they travel tip to
Potsdam for the 1983 SUNYAC Chant-
pionships. The winner of the four tcatit
tournament receives an automatic berth in
the NCAA Eastern Regiorials.

Two years ago Maxcy Hall was also the
scene of tire SUNYACs, as Albany stttrtticd
the B -ars in the finals by the score of (IO-59.
giving Albany the conference champion-
sliip. One week later. the Dattes again
travelled to Potsdam for the NCAAs.
After a thrilling one poittt win over St.
Lawrence lit the opetiitig round. the Danes
rrtct Potsdatii for the fourth titne that year.
The Danes suffered a li-artbreakirtg over-
time defeat. ttnd they remained at liortie
while the Bears went on to “ill the riatiotial
championship.

Albany. which finished second in the
SUNYAC-East Division, opens up the tour
riament tonigltt at 7:00 against West Divi-
sion winner Buffalo State. Potsdam, which
gained the right to host the SUNYACs by

 

 

 

winning the East. faces West Division rim-

ALAN CALEM UPS

ricrttp Buffalo University at 9:00. The con- Dan" cmuuer and H,
“mm” game B m rm mmmmw m We. ‘onlgz‘ In PO‘Sdam. 0 rest at the Great Danes will open up the SUNYAC Tournament against the Bultalo State Bengals

with the championship contest following at
3:00. poll.
Ntttiortally ranked Buffalo State will pro-

Despite their overall sttcccss. Buffalo
vtde Albany With some very rttggcd cont- State has suffered somewhat as ol'late. duc
petition in the opcrittig rottttd. The Bengals irt part to their loss of starting point guard

offense. while tlte Ditties intend to slow in the conference. In their final game.

dowrt the tempo. “We‘ve got to play a Albatiytoppcd ltliact atUnivcrsity (iytii on
lialicottrt game." commented Albatiy ltead Saturday night by the score of 60-52.
(‘oach Dick Sauers. “We can't pltiy their

Albany is led by senior center arid co-

boast an impressive l6-4 record. including .lackie Barnes. who was declared game; we've got to make them play our captain John Dicekelman. who was the
ineligible lor the second game. It looks like whichever team is able MVP of the SUNYAC Tournament two
to dictatetlic tcriipo will fitid itself on top at years ago. Dicckclman enters the tourna»

an 8-2 mark in the conference. The Bengals academically
were ranked first in the nation in Division semester.

ill at one point this year anti are currently The Albariy-Buffalo State matchup the end.

ranked l5tli in the country and tied for features two teams with contrasting styles.

third with ltltaca in the New York State The Bengals

tricrit averaging 16.3 points and 10.0 re-

The Danes closed ottt their regular seasort botnids pcr gariie. Senior forward and co-
17>

feature a fast break-oriented with a lﬁ-ti record that included a 7-3 mark

 

 

  
 
 

,.«.. .....x. .1.............1.. 1.2.1“...

 

OF

assert

PRESS

Tuesday

March 1 , 1983

NUMBER 9

 

 

 

Albany out to a

 

 

By Marc llaspel
\I‘URIS Illllth

it has been one year since the SUNYAC tragedy itt Buf-
falo. One year ago. a young and promising Great Dane
basketball teatn in the riiidst of a surprisingly successful
season with an impressive 17-7 record suddenly dropped
two games in the annual two-day conference tournament
and lost a chance for an NCAA bid. As they open the
l‘)82-3 SUNYACs in‘ Potsdam tonight against Buffalo
State. there are many Danes who still remember.

"i ltopc that they have a long memory." saidAlb'any
State basketball ltI'le coach Dick Sauers. “i hope they
remember the disaster that happened last year. it really
wasn't losing iii the SUNYACs; one win was all they need-
ed. With that in mind. i feel that they'll have reserved iri-
tensity for this tournament."

"The guys who were there last year want to triake a bet-
ter showing." explained senior co-captain John
Dieckclman. a member of the SUNYAC all-tournament
team for the last two years. “They want to win two
games. We want to prove that we can play basketliall and
win this."

Last season's poor performance in the post-season
tournament might have been a reﬂection of the young
team's immaturity. The team, featuring an etitirely
freshman liackcourt and other first-year players itp front
may have folded under the pressure of playing in a
playoff situation for the first time.

“We thought we were confident." described guard
Dave Adam of last year‘s unpleasant experience. "We
were overcorifideiit. We thought it would be my."

Sophomore guard Jan Zadooriari echoed those
thoughts. “Last year we didn't know what it was all
about. We didn‘t realize the talent that we ltad and We let
it slip away.“

The strikes are quite different for the Danes this time.
With a 16-8 record. the chances for an art—large bid to the
NCAA tournament which begins next weekend does not
599'“ likely. llavltig not participated in the national
[Pllmcy hm season. the Danes do not have that reputa-
tion which could carry them into the playoffs this season.

venge ’82 tournament disaster

instead. if the Danes wish to partake in this year‘s tourna-
ment. they will litch to win the SUNYAC championship
this weekend.

“i cati ititagiiic that things will be a little tnorc intense
this week in practice." said Adam last Monday. “We pro-
bably will go itito it this tirrie with tnorc determination. i
think that this is our only shot at the NCAAs. This year
we’re going iii knowing that we have to win it. It was a
rtiore relaxed attitttde last year—not this year bccattsc we

   
 

... AIR“ ~

WON“,

. I '.  it "

ALAN CALEM UP!
Wilson Thomas hopes to lead a strong Inoldo
game tor Albany.

    

know we have to sweep."

The tournament is being held this year iii the not-so-
friendly confines of Maxcy Hall. The home of the Divi-
siort ill r'tInncrsup. the Potsdam Bears. has never been a
favorite place of the Danes. particularly durittg the
regular season. However. two years ago the Danes trekcd
tip tti Maxey iti pursuit of their first outright SUNYAC
championship and downed the eventual riatiotial cham»
piori Bears on a pair of cltitcli frectlirows by then
sophomore Mike (latto. in addition. the Danes have
never lost a neutral gaiiic on that court iii either SUNYAC
or NCAA competition.

“They certainly know Maxcy Hall." Sauers emphasiz-
ed. Most SUNYAC coaches agree that just hosting the
tournament gives Jerry Welsh's Potsdam team a decided
advatitagc.

Brit before the Danes cati cvcti begin to think about the
Bears they will have to contend with the Bengals of Bttf»
l'alo State in the opening round tonight. The Bengals tot‘c
out of the starting gate early this season by dtiriipitig
several western New York State Division l teams, propell-
itig tlterri to the ritiiitbcr one slot it) the Division ill polls
for rtiost of the recent basketbttll campaign. Currently.
the Betigals have fallen to a fifteenth place tiatiorial rank—
ing. ,

“I think that there will be no problem getting mentally
prepared for Buff State; they were number one in the na-
tion for a long time." said Dieckeltiian.

“I'll prepare for it the same way i do for any other
game." said Sauers. “l'll try to set a game plan. a sound
game plan. and get them to do it."

The winner of the Dane-Bengal garrie will play the vic-
tor of the Potsdam-University of Buffalo game that will
follow.

“Everyone is looking forward to playing Potsdam,"
said Zadoorian. "but our first round will be tough."

“i told my team that it is a two—game world
series-every learn is beatnble arid it's all up for grabs.”
concluded Satiers.

“We have knocked off a lot of good teams already."
gridded chckelman. “We feel we want to add to the

st. l"l

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

_ 4 ‘ move into the Empire State Plaza Convention Center
“Fight the Iii/re! (‘ttu/tto stri's' cu! lim'k, we Stlyfigli! hack. " M

ED MARUSSICH UPS

 

Students, faculty Iobb y Legislature

By Bob (iardinier
anti Heidi (iralla

lti what was the sitiglc largest lobby day in the story of
the Legislature, according to SASU President .lirn Tierney.
over .1000 students front across the state skipped classes
Mondaon pottr into Albany's Legislative Office Building.
lobbying to show their support of SUNY and opposition to
the proposed cuts that the system faces.

()ver l50() SUNYA students attended the conference.
said SA President Mike Corso. He said that lie was not sur—
prised by the turnout. “ it is obviously very successful atitl
there is tttik around the Legislature that they are over-
wliclriied by the number of students.“

At about 9 a.m. a grottp of about 750 students at Alumni
Quad left for the State Legislative downtown. aid Central
Council Student Actiort Committee Chair Rick Scliaffer.

The students started their match by walking around
Altiitirii Quad shouting "Fight The llikc."arid “Cuomo
Says Cut Back. We Say Figlll Back." Students from tip-
town atid off-campus nrct the Altrriitii residents. and joined
their march downtown.

Most students had arrived at the legislative Office
Building by it a.m. They were then led through a man»
datory'orientation session. split tip itito groups of five to
seven. and directed towards the lcgistlators‘ offices.

Cuomo‘s budget is “Penny wise but pound
foolish."asserted Tierney dttritig the orientation session.
We rntist still lobby for tax increases and the surcharge.“

The opinions of most students arriving hack downstairs
from the legislator's offices was that riiost Senators and
Asscniblymen were unavailable and that access to them or
their aides \\ as poor.

 

 

“Not many Assemblymcn were available. it was frustra-
ting and we felt that we weren't accomplishing anything."
said one SUNYA student. She added. "We don't know the
issues too well so they could get away with being vague.“

legislative Aide to Assemblyman Nicholas A. Sparto
(R-Wcstcli - who wanted to be identified only as
Bill.said.”'l‘his lobbying does help: if students didn't come
down the budget would just go through without any qttcs»
lions."

Assentblytnan (ilenn Warren (R-Alliany) said that he'd
riict witli abprtt 50-60 students. He agreed with students
that Cnomo's budget called for “too many cuts especially
over so short a period of time." He recommended a few
layoffs per year. basically through attrition.

An increase in broad based taxes to close up the brtdgct
dei‘ict was recently ruled out by the leaders of both houses.
according to a Feb. 28 issue of the. Legislative Gazette

 

SUNY students are concerned that the proposed $300
tttitiori increase. a $150 dorm rent increase. a loss of l.300
faculty positions and ctits to and eliminatioris of programs
will “ erode their quality of education."saitl SASU Vice
President Scott chler'.

The proposed cuts by Cuotiio are necessary to help close
the potential budget gap of $l.8 billion for the coming
fiscal year. according to the Governor's office.

” The reception was not that great...tliey all knew we .

were coming. riiost of them were gone somewhere." said
(iordori Dil'fender'fer. a Br'ockpor't student

“ They are interested in ottr situation bttt no one is niak<
ittg arty convictions."said a Buffalo Anthropology pro-
fessor who witlreld his home. “Some of them tell the
truth... it will be a tough problem. they say."sai'd the pro-
fessor.

The day culminated iti a rally held in the Convention Hall
of the linipirc State Pia/a at 2 pm. lincrgctic students car—
rying various signs of protest such as “ S()S...Savc Our
School" and “Mario We Love SUNY...Do You?" flooded
into the ball when the doors were opened.

(‘ontingents frorii various campuses organi/ed
tltcriisclves iii different places on the floor of the ball. A
brass litind on the speakers podium played riiarcli rtittsic
while students stomped and chanted their protests.

Assemblyman Mark A. Sicgcl (D-Manhattan) Chair of
the Assembly Committee on Higher liducation. spoke at
the rally. SASU endorsed ('uomo iii the primary. Siegcl
said. “lie 1 ('uomo) owes you better thanks than this." he
said.

Wcsicr announced that this one day of students voicing
their opinions will not be enough. “Students riitrst return
to the Legislature ciiritiriuotrsly to lobby." he said.

Lobby day was or'gani/cd by SASU arid SA two months
ago. said Weslcr. “We knew that this years budget would
be a liattle so we started to prepare early." be "rid.

“(iovcrnor Cuomo is irt Washington." said Mary
l'l'ctttlcl'gttsi. SASU ( otmntmications Director. “ litit he is
turn toward Albany today and is seeing angry s..rdents who
will not take this lying down."

After the earlier legislative lobby session students had
sortie things to say about their schools and their reactions to
lobbying.

   

According to Diffenderfer. “The music department.‘

geography department. economics and botany have been
ctrt back at the school."

Seventy to eighty faculty positions are in danger ol~ being
eliminated at Brockport. sttid Difi'enderfer. There were
about 200 stttderits from the school at the lobby. he said.

SUNYA President Vincent O'Leary has given no infor—

18>

 conference

Albany hosts annual

 

 

By t ).III)L‘T
IllllthlII i\ [\I i\l

SASU members across the stat.- met iti Albany for the
lllh aritiutil Legislative Conference held this weekend amid
the ongoing budget battle.

The agenda of the conference. designed in bring student
activists and leaders together to train tlrctii lIl tlic l- -islative
process. has dominated by the proposed budget «vi hover-
not Mario M. ('itonio.

According to SASU Legislatiic Director Steve t (is. the
lsstIL‘s at stake were the continued accessibility ot public
education to middle and lower class students. and the main
tainance ol' SUNY as a source oi high quality cdttcation.
ii series of panel discussions and smaller group
seminars. students iierc educated on NYS politics. the
SllNY budget. nuclear disarmament. women's issues atid
student's rights.

in addition to SAStl otficials. including Cm. President
Jim Tierney. and lisccutlve Viced’resitlent Scott Weslcr.
representatives of the NYS Assembly. the Governor's of-
l'ice. the Division of the Bridget. NYl‘lRCt. and United
University Professions. were among the panelists.

in a lively seminar entitled “Politics in New York.“
panelists including Assemblyman Mtturicc lliticlilcy
(D-Kingston) and Assistant Secretary to the Governor for
Arts and Education Ncil Foley fielded questions from
students.

Our: sttrderil asked why Btitidy Aid. the state subsidy to
private colleges in New York was being increased wliiie
SUNY was being drastically ctit. "isn't it true." the stu-
dent askcd. “tiiat SUNY students will pay for tttitiott iri-
creases from their own pockets. while Btitidy Aid helps eti-
sure that students iti private schools won't have to ptty‘i."

Another student asked Foley if the Governor‘s budget
did not in fact “cut the children of the factory worker. the
war'eliouseniati and those who work lioitrs a week. off from
an education." '

Foley responded that the budget was the result of many
pressures and SUNY was only one of them. lie added that
Bitndy has been in existence since l967. and has been sup-
ported by tlic Legislature every year since. The Bttridy in-
L‘i'L se. Foley said. is statutory. and therefore mandatory.
He added that it is for the “relatively small sum of one
million dr liars."

lliticlilcy said. “The state." is not doing the job it shoal!
be doing for the working class people of New Yoi '
later. commenting oti the enthusiasm and conirnitiuct of
the students, lliticlilcy said he was “very llll|ttcv d. l‘ve
never seen anything like this."

lti addition to the discussions. the conferci c Included a
Sunday night banquet concluding with a football-style pep
rally iii the Cartipus Ccntcr Ballroom

 
  
 

[13>

 

 

ALAN CALEM use
SASU E " Vice 7 '4 ‘ Scott Weider
Students are concerned cuts will erode education quality.

 

n '.

 

artist‘- 

   
 
   
    
  

 

 

