    
  
   
    
  
   
   
    
    
      
   
   
  
  
   
  
  
     
     
  

...~. gm: rev “cu r4“

~.c\,- _ _ ,

c 1"_ ~ Ape

._ a. ~.i_,_.__._ .

   

. «Eh-TIWAv—w—itw mm. .7 .

. {vase v» i

 

 

rances Is the best exploitation flick
to come along since I Spit On
, Your Grave. That comparison Is
I not made randomly. because the two films
9 are remarkably similar In approach. It not
8 subject matter. What they 'share Is the
pretense of being repulsed by violence
while actually revellng in it. One could
.even go so far as to say that without
i violence and torture.‘nelther of these films
would have been possible. '

Mark Rossier

' Of the two. Spit is more successful simp-
ly because It fetgns repulsion only for a
vague. surface respectability. The director
doesn't want to come across as a homicidal
maniac. so he pretends. not very convinc-
ingly. to sympathize with his heroine. But.
this is really only an attempt at common
decency; the movie can afford to be
nothing more than a series of bloody Im-
ages because when a movie Is called [Spit
On Your Grave. people don't expect a lot
of subtlety. Frances has a tougher time
because when audiences go Into a theatre
expecting to see a biography of Frances
Farmer. the director has to at least make
some attempt at making a real movie.
What director Graeme Clifford attempts
Is actually very little. He is so bad at con-
cealing his desire to get to Farmer's torture

MN

 

 

 

 

The Issues of Farmer's political and
religious beliefs are touched upon. but
dodged etiough to keep audience sym-

 

In a mental hospital that he sacrifices even
coherence to get there. One can almost see
him rubbing his hands together in anticlpa~
tioii of the horror show he has planned.
For Clifford. Farrrier Is not a tormented.
strong-willed actress of the past. but merely
an excuse to show Jessica Latige naked
and brutalized.

The script. written by Eric Bergren.
Christopher Devore and Nicholas Kazan.
takes the Reader's Digest approach to
biography. We are shown a few key Iii-
cidents. from which we are supposed to In-
fer a life. We are. apparently meant to
guess at the motivations and relationships.
that make up Farmer's life because we get
so little background of any substance. that
these selected incidents don't really mean
much.

Id Erich Segal has done it again
0 folks. You remember him. the

master mind behind such movie
greats as LDUe Story and the touching se-
quel Oliver's Story. Well the new Para“
mount release Man. Woman and Child Is
Erich's newest venture into filmdom. Like
his previous attempts. this too Is based on
lils best selling book of the same title.

Megan Gray Taylor

This little film is the story of a happily
married professor (Martin Sheen) who.
while his wife (Blythe Danner) was preg-
nant with their second child. he was In
France lecturing and having an affair with
an exquisite french doctor (Nathalie Nell).
Ten years later this very same woman dies
(what else?) in a car accident and Sheen's
old friend in France feels compelled to tell
him of the existence of his son. Sheen. suf-
fering from extreme guilt wants to see the
child when out of undefined fear his wife
offers to bring the child here (here being
California) for a visit.

OK. so this Isn't a 28 year old girl dying
of Lukemla. instead It is a 38 year old
French doctor (who by the way Just ha )-
.pened to do her year of internship at
Boston General - In case you don't get It,
Segal teaches at Harvard and Boston
I General Is the medical school's affiliate
hospital). So we are given the happy cou-
ple. complete with their two daughters (yes
we get to deal with poor Blythe’s sense of
inadequacy because she couldn't give him
a son). and their trauma over this new per-
son.

Like Love Story. we are given the
perfect college community. We see Sheen
teaching Whitman and we hear how the
humanties department Is being cut In half

 

but these are Just briefs moments of reality

 

palhy. Similarly. her promiscuity In later
life is glossed over. presumably for the
same I'UﬂSOn.

However. what Is really tiilssirig from this
portrait is any concept of Farmer as an ar-
tist. She was a woman who strove to. ex-
cuse the cliche. be an actress not a star.
The quality of her work interested her
much more than its popularity. Her refusal
to compromise her standards and accept
the Hollywood lifestyle made Farmer on
popular. so unpopular that when she even-
tually broke down. no one bothered to
help her.

We get none of this from Francis. In fact
it is never even made clear whether Farmer
actually has a break down. or if she is simp-
ly put away out of spite. Jessica Laiige has

  

in this maudelin tear-Jerker. Just to make
the picture complete. after the child arrives.
Danner is tempted to have an affair with a
very successful writer whose book she Just
happens to be editing. They have the ap-
propriate number of sterotyplcal friends.
Including the male Jock-big mouth whose
son overhears the truth about the ‘lIttle
French kid' and spills the beans to the un-
prepared legitimate daughters.

The hardest thing about panning this
movie. although I am truly compelled to do
50. Is that the acting per se is really quite
good. l'm not sure why actors the calibre of
Danner. Sheen and Hemmings agreed to
do this in the'flrst place. but given what

  

.. L _ 1. ..
Jessica Lange as Francis Farmer - Just another brutaltzed woman.

Sebastian Dungan and Martin Sheen are the [other and son in Segole film.

 

 

/

said that she sees Farmer as a fighter who.
“never realized that some battles are Just
not worth fighting." Unfortunately. that is I
not the vision of Farmer we get here. She Is
reduced to nothing more than a cliche
Hollywood star who can't handle success.
She is not a fighter. but a victim who
resigns herself to her torture all too willing-

It is unfair though to criticize the film's
failure to depict the real, or even an
understandable. Frances Farmer because
she Is of very little interest to Clifford and
company. Their concern lies with her tor-
ture and once she Is locked up. they really
hit their stride.

Just like I Spit On Your Grave. Frances'
depiction of horror Is at the very basest
level. Clifford doesn't bother with
psychological torture. he goes right for the
needle in the eye. That particular Image
crops up several times. most gruesomelv

Segal Stiks Out

 

they had to work with. they make the best
0 t.

Blythe Danner has established herself as
an actress of some standing. and despite
this film. her reputation should remain in
tact. She is really quite good as the woman
torn between the desire to save her mar-
riage and the all-consuming Jealousy of this
child. Sheen. too. Is very credible as a man
struggling to hold his family together and at
the same time getting to know and love his
son. The two daughters are played b
Arlene Mclntyre (who could be y
Brooke Shields for looks and st
nuinely talented besides) and Miss

the new
ie Is 92.
y Francis

6 aspectsen .tuésdaym
‘ iFranCiS "Farmer: Where re You?

durlrfg Farmer's lobotoniy. We .rrr- div.
treated to various sequences in Wliitlt
Farmer is raped. drugged. beaten. l)lIIII(.(|
and given shock therapy.

Such scenes serve no purpose beyond
providing some cheap thrills. Since no titti-
bothers to develop Farmer's charm li’i
there are no powerful before or after crime.
quences. Our sympathy exists only
because we would feel sympathy for .my
character who goes through \Vlliil slit-
does. But there Is no sense of loss) in
tragedy. only pity.

Jessica Lange does what she can. but
that is really very little. She Is obvioust a
capable actress and she has some brilliant
moments. but Clifford doesn't want It) ltt'
bothered with her attempts to put some lit-
tegrity and convictlo'n Into lits tawdry Iiiile
picture; he'd Just as soon she strip. which
she does. completely without purpou- on
numerous occasions.

The rest of the cast are Just cardboard
cut-outs. especially the usually IrIlt'IIli'tl
Kim Stanley as Farmer's stereotypicaiiy i‘\.Il
mother. Sam Sheppard as Harry York
seems confused and with good reason
Who he ls supposed to be and why ltl‘
keeps popping up like a knight in 'rltltittiti
armour are questions that no one |'\‘i’|
bothers to answer. Presumably. lit' ls
Farmer's one chance at salvation and in,
turning him dowti. she seals her fate Not
only Is the movie set in the forties and lil
ties. It shares those eras sexist morals as
well.

Ironically. the recent TV movie. Ilt'ill
There Really Be A Morning? based on

superior to this big budget theatrical \i‘l.
ture. Although it had certain piitlilt'ltr
particularly with its overly Stfllfllllt'liI-tlii'i I
ending. that film at least managed in In
about Frances Farmer. which Is moir- thin
can be said about Frances.

What Frances is about Is crude. taut-ins
theatrlcs. It Is as much a piece of t‘XJ‘ilttt'a
tlon as l Spit On Your Grace. The «is
ference Is. that while it was only the lillt‘ iii
the previous film. I spit on your grave i-~ 
actly what Graeme Clifford does to l"i.ii u w.

 

Farmer.

sional Irish mourner.

David Hemtnings (now grosslt.‘
overweight) still has the sex appeal oi Iii-r
earlier days. and is charming and convnri
Ing as the lonely writer turned serluwr
Last but not least is the "Child". ili'ittt
Claude. played beautifully by Sebastian
Dungan. All kids can be cute in the right
role. but this boy has a real film presence. .i
humanity you cannot help but relate to

So if all these performances were so
good. why did l hate this movie'.J Well I
really hate being able to predict what it
character will say in a truly emotional littt
ment before they say it. It somehow links
the spontanlety a film should have. fit init
this happened so many times. that at one
point I was so accurate those around itlt‘
Joined in my mirth. which continued ewii
to the final scene when believe it or HUI
they let the poor orphan go back to Ft'aiii .-

lee Six Weeks this is a film geared Iii
make you cry at certain m0n18i1l5.r‘ttltltl‘ttl
viewer I refuse to be manipulated (especial
ly since I went through a whole box of
tissues over Lotte Story I have a special
reluctance to do It again here). It is obvious
from beginning to end that this ‘novel' tints
written as a screen play. and [hi Ir
Richards. as director, just filled in sonic
stage directions.

Then there is the music. Composed .riid
Conducted by Georges Delerue. litt not
sure. but I think they got the sound irrit'lh
mixed up. The title song sounds more liki-
if belongs to A Summer Place than this
film.

If you loved the earlier Segal sagas yntt
mlght enjoy wasting the two hours tltlﬁ
movie will consume. Even though I liaVe it
host of wonderful high school memories to
90 with Love Story I can't find any rodei-iir
IDS factor In Man. Woman and Child (the

 

who could out cry any full blooded profes-

 

   
 

title alone should convince youlv ' '

Farmer's autobiography. was vii-alt!

 

 

 

.
i
i
i.
i
ii
I

 

 

 

Legendaryjﬂ

Lou came from Freuport. f..I.

_Cfalnts that he is Just your "Average Guy"
He's a rebel without a cause

Sings about burns. the City and whores
He says "Hey babe. take a inn/k on the wild
side.

He said hey honey. tofu: (i walk on the wild
side. alright... "

t certainly doesn't fIt the image .

The griliKldtlLIy of punk rock.

champion of the subculture that
calls Itself "the Village" Is a Long Island
boy. To make things worse. he's from the
South Shore. He went to Syracuse Univer-
sity and his maJor was (I hope you're sitting
down) Literature He was a middle-class.
suburban. conventional family kind of a
guy.

Gail Merrefl

So. as the lingllsli Beat say .
"Wha'ppen?". Where did Lou get all of his
hate? When he started in the Velvet
Underground. It wasn't so much his sar-
castlc lyrics as It was his dendpiiii vocals
that conveyed his hostility. lie was aloof
and without feeling. hating no one yet
despisiiig them till. At the core of this
disgust sat Lou himself. He externalized his
self-hate and made himself Into a cannibal
that rite his friends up alive. lie had no
sympathy for his subject matter. Lou used
his Irony and dry wit to paint portraits of
the decadent and the destitute. sepeiiittiig
himself from all of the emotions and
sadness lhtll sliould've accompanied the
songs.

After the disintegration of the Velvets.
depression led Lou to .i self-imposed exile.
Then. In 1972. under the guidance and
proddliig of David Bowie and Mick Ron»
soti. Lou surfaced with a hit single. "Walk
on the Wild Side". and a solo album.
‘f‘rans/orriierfl'lie album set the direction
for his solo career of the 70's. Most of his
songs were short stories. Journalistic iti-
sights into other peoples lives. l'lls slice-of-
llfe monologues aptly described the dregs
of New York City. Perhaps his saddest trio-
ment came on Street Hassle. which iri-
cludes “Waltzing Matilda". "Street Hassle"
and “Slip Away." The beautiful violins of
l‘Waltzlng Matilda" fade as the "Street
Hassle" takes place. The girlfriend of a
guest at Lou's party had Just OD‘d. Lou
suggests that his guest should “drag your
old lady by the feet and leave her iii the
darkest street and in the morning she‘ll be
another liit and run." He says he's not
“gonna wear his heart on his sleeve" and
that people get all emotional and some
times they think they're on TV." and you
can't help but agree. Still it amazes me Iiow

Portrait Of The P

be can remain so alienated.

He just saw a girl turn blue and diet
C'mon Lou! Under that punk stance.
beneath that so-cool-l'd-Iook tough-in»
pink countenance there's got to be a Rock
'n' Roll fleart But there Isn‘t. As Lou has
written. "realism was the key. The records
were letters Real letters from me to certain
other people "

His music is very real too. Lou's the kind
of guy who'd rather emphasize the feed-
back than edit it out. He always chooses
the stripped-down. rough and ready. no
frills brand over the customized. polished
model. Up‘froni. untamed guitars are sup-
ported by Stones' bass riffs and drums that
really swing. The sound Is usually dense.
offtiines discordant and always bluesy. His
sly off-the-cuff-Dylanesque vocals incor-
porate the Neil Young wobble affectation.
The dry vocals are enriched by gospel liar-
monles that force you to sing and holler
along to the triusic No matter how mellow.
muddled or loud and sloppy l.nii gets. his

.‘ music always whispers "way" and you
always do.

Then Lou changed his band line‘up.
And Lou got married Yeah. that's right.
Mr. anti-estnblislnnent. the man lt‘tl‘il liker
to conform did And he loved it I’iriises to
marital bliss. his wife. his home and his
friends flowed from his pen It seemed like
Lou didn't know any more heroine addicts.
pimps. or girls that did It all night long. Lou
was finally starting to get to know I.ou

That llt'W Lou Ift't‘tl (‘ittIIL' out last yeiii
on The Blue Mosli. Besides Lou's lnurels
for home sweet home. he took it stab at the
seedler side of life But his seedy side
wasn't the sonic Ile used fictitious
characters. I||l(l although his words on such
topics as alcoholism. guns and sailo-
niachlsni rnng true. they couldn't compare
to the dullest seconds on his more personal
numbers. What a treat it was to hear l.ou
sing "I love women. I think they're great"
and really feel it. Lou was finally starting to
feel. He sang “Heavenly arms. reach to
hold me. . ." he was asking to be loved Lou
loved his wife Sylvia and best of all Lou
loved Lou. "I've really got a lucky life. my
writing. itiy motorcycle and my wife."

And Lou was still morbid. It seemed that
he wasn't yet ready to shake the macabre
that the Velvet Underground embraced Iii
"Heroin." On the title track. "The Blue
Mask". Lou sings "Make the sacrifice.
Muiilate my face. Please don't set me free.
Death means a lot to nie...'l'ake the Blue
Mask down Iroin my face. And look me in
the eye. I get a thrill from punishment. I've
always been that way." The guitars crash
and scream and you find yourself thrusting
your list In the air to the beat. The scariest
part of Lou's cannibal is that It eats itself
alive. and worse yet. the cannibal is power

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

unker'As An Old Man.

. ‘ .
Lou Reed - legend at large

ful enough to sit us dowti at the dinner
table and get us to risk for seconds

Oti Lou's new album. l.r-guriilory
Iii-arts. his cannibal is still there. btit it's on
a liquid diet Oti "The Last Shot" Lon con-
titities his saga of his Battle with flil‘ Bonit-
"How's it toast to all that's good. And
here's ll toast to hate But when you quit
you quit. But you always wish. You knew
It was your last shot " Lou doesn't see It
door so much as ii drug as an enemy that
haunts him wherever he goes I’opeyc's
Blulo. On "Briltoiiiiiig Out" the album's
gtoovingest cut. the SlfihllL’tl cannibal takes
a spill till it motorcycle. A thn'lttt piitilies
him up. and the James Dean iiii'iiiphiii
continues. .is our drunken Rough Rider
aims “that Iiike at tliiitifrit pothole".rnd brit-
toms out

The riiusiciaitship on the album is of the
highest caliber. The guitars blend Into a rich
full sound. yet Sic able lit lltrtlilfrtltl the
straightforwardtress of a punk-lock band
Guitarist Robert Quine mixes his own style

 

 

/

aspects on tuesday

j

P

\

Ht

with that of Lou's playing from the Velvet
llnrleigouiid days Qultie brought in drum-
mer Fred Mrllltll‘. who is more Interested iii
precision than he is lit flourishes The
qtiiirtet's bassist is I:L’ftli|tt(li) Saunders. i
iiizz~tock artist who steps into the album
With the most skill And of course. there's
Lou After some encoiiingenieiit from
Qttiltt’. lit' comes In strong on his guitar

i,i'gr'tiriiiiy fft'tlff Ih .i highly personal
rillitlitt. where Lon Rl'l'll. the happily llliil
iieil average guy. is also the Iiiloxtcrited
riniiiibril on .i iiiotoiiycle It works. first
because his lyrics are brilliant and the music
is exltonrhnniy. biit mostly it works because
Lou Reed is. at long last. content to he IJIII
Reed Take a bow

 

f.oti out.» just speeding riutny

I'hotight he runs rftliltl's Deon [or o decode
Then I giti'ss he had to crush

(.‘hrisc itriliutri. not smock [or fftttl hiisfi
Ifi' snys."/Iey bribe. fttft‘t‘ u milk on fftt‘
rrtifilsiiIi-.. I .

\1

mm x):

 

 

 

Steady Eddie

5 he says on his album. l‘)82 has
been a good year for Eddie
Mrphy. and with or without this

sucess. he Is happy. This year has seen him
catapulting to fame and fortune. To begin
with he wrote an acclaimed article on
humor for Newsweek llis very funny but
violent iiiovle with Nick Nolle. 45 hrs. has
been a box office smash Adding to his
popularity are to articles: a major piece iii
Netti York magazine and a 0.000 word
feature in Playboy‘s I iolirlay issue. he also
did his first St)l()‘liL’r\(lllltc show .it Nor-

rthwestern along with rippeai‘ences at

several awards cei‘omonies All this was
done around his busy Saturday Night Live
schedule on which be begun his third
season

.

Lee Greensrem

This recent good fortune
Eddie Murphy is funny its shit

His happiness in '82 was in reaction to a
bad year In '8]. "Because...iii '81 man.
they was killing people." he says in "The
pope and Ronald Reagan" "They shot
john I.ennon.. they shot Reagan...they
shot Sadnt...they shot the Pope." This
peice of reality actually silences his rain-
bunctious audience. The silence is shortliv-
ed as Eddie helps the crowd laugh at life. I‘l
goes on: "What can someone's rationale
for shooting the Pope he?" "I want to go to
hell and I don't want to wait on lilies with
nobody." Obviously this man wanted to
take the "Hell Express!"

  

1t) accident.

It Is refreshing to hear him mention a
topic with some substance. even if only
briefly. I’uts this forth in such a manner.
that the absurdcty (if such thoughtless ac-
tions Is made clear. A deep political
analysts its not. but such simplistic coni-

 

nieiitary is stunning

Otherwise his approach (dare insult this
(ind like figure) is basic If I may. I'd like to
label a new genre. that of dryoi'esque conr
erly (yes you heard it hear first) Regardless
of the subject matter he banters constantly
in the colloquial manner that has made
Richard l’iyor the funniest man. (black
man according to Steve Martin). in
Atiierica Granted its ftiiitiy sttiff but often it
is too similar to I’iyor's material For exam»
ple he does a bit on how a “white guy" gets
uiad. humor made famous by Pryor. In
geneial his satires are clutteied with
“flickers” and "mother fuckers" But with
his natural ability. not itiucli more is need-
ed

The album is varied The last cut on each
side are songs that were released as singles
in the past. "Boogie in Your butt" Is rap
ilarice song co-writteti by Murray that
never hit the dancelialls as big as was plati-
ned. "Enough is Enough" is a version of
the Dona Summer hit song by Murray in
the guise of two of his satirical characters.
Richard Simmons and Buckwheat The
coinein value of these variations is low.

My favorite piece is "Drinking Fathers."
In it he imitates the classic Dad ranting and
raving about everything gone wrong. blam-
ing he and his brother for it all. His father
comes home with a load on and challenges
his kids to fight: Eddie and his brother pro-
ceded "to beat the shit out that old man"
when he bet them his paycheck.

Like all good comedians Eddie Murray
has the ability to make us laugh at
ourselves. I-lis humor Is aimed at whites.
blacks. Chinese. the Pope. homosexuals.
the young and old. Although this is nothing
new It is none the less rare. It is this barality
of weakness and faults among people that
can bring us close together.

The album's pretty funny.

 

 
 

  
    
  
   
   
   
  
  
   
 
 
   
  
  
   
   
   
  
   
  
      
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
     
  
    
  
 
  
   
  
     

 

          
 
   
     
    

    
     
     
     
       
     
     
     
     
   
     
  
  
  
 
   
 
 
 
  
    
   
  
  

    
   
 
    
   
  
  
  
   
   

 
 
  
  
  
   
 
   
    
 
   
 
  

   
  
   
      
    
    
   

 
  
 
   
 

  
    
   
     
    

    
 
  
   
    
   
  
    

   
   

 

