 

.' .u‘. ‘. I. ...:~..‘_. _.

.L.>. \-4.~>; .. .- a L

   

_ .pOl'

 

 

By Dean Chang

STAFF WRITER

 

The head coaches of Albany State’s men’s
and women's cross country teams couldn't
have more different philosophies about
Saturday's Capital District meet.

Men's coach Bob Munsey claimed that
winning the meet is not a priority. "We're
just running through this meet." said
Munsey. “This is more of a workout—type of
meet; we're really not taking it that
seriously."

Coming off a strong second place finish at
the SUNYAC championship. the men will be
facing four-time defending champion Sienn.
RPi. and Union. Sicna. a Division 1 school.
is a strong fa'vorite to repeat. based on their
victory at the LeMoync lnvitatiohal. a meet
that involved several strong schools.

Coach Munsey has never seen Sicna run
this year; how good they are is a mystery to
him. The incentive to beat Siena really isn't
there for Munsey. His game plan would be to
stick with the RPI runners. But not
everybody lacks an incentive.

Lending runner Ed McGill. who was
bothered by a cold in last week's champion-
ship meet. has two reasons for wanting to do
well. “i don‘t like Siena or Union," said
MeGill. “so i really would like to beat
them." On a more personal level. M0201" is
trying to redeem himself after a disappoin-
ting 24th place finish last week. “l'm a firm
believer in the saying. ‘you’rc only as good as
your last race.‘ so l'm looking to come back
strongly.” commented McGiil. Last week his
cold hampered his ability to pass other run-
ners: though still sick. McGiii will be closer to
full strength this week.

RPl also presents a challenge to Albany.
“it should be an interesting battle between
RPi and ourselves." said Coach Munsey.
“They‘ll be very competitive with their first
three runners. but i think that we can beat

 

By Marc Berman i
Sl'rll’l" WRITER '

 

There will be no exhausting four hour
bus trips this week. There will be no over-
night stays in unfamiliar hotels. After play»
ing five out of their ﬁrst six games on the
road including the past three weeks. the
Albany State football team is giving a rcali
meaning to “homecoming.” l

The Danes. whose record stands at 2-4I
following last weeks disheartening loss to
Cortland. will take on rival Norwich Col-v
legc. tomorrow afternoon at 1:30 pro in the.
annual homecoming game at Albany‘s
University Field. ‘

"There's definitely going to be a lot of‘
intensity on the field tomorrow." said'
quarterback Mike Milano. “A homecom-j
ing game definitely rallies up a team."

There are many similarities in the two
clubs. For years. Albany State and Norwich.
have been known to field winning football!
clubs. Suddenly. this season. the two rival:
teams have come across rough times.

What trscd to be a rnatchup of two'

superior football teams. has declined to a
pairing of two clubs trying to clitnh (Oi
rcspectibiiity.
' Norwich's 3-3 record overall doesn't.
rcllcct how poor the Cadets have been play-l
ittg of late. The learn dropped their past
three games including last wceks 3437 defeat
at the hands of St. Lawcrncc University.

The Dancs' situation is almost as depress-

to reach the .500 plateau by losing to lesser-
rcgnrdcd Cortland State. l4—7.

“We should've beaten them." said coach
Bob Ford. “They weren't a well-disciplined
team."

The Danes had a number of oppor»

 

ts;

Albany barriers gear up for Capital District meet

 

 

ing. Last week. the Danes failed in their bidl

UPS
The men's and women's cross country team will be hosting the Capital District
meet tomorrow afternoon. Also competing are RPI. Union and Shane.

them this year." Albany ﬁnished third
behind Sicna and RPi last year.

Munsey wasn't too concerned about
Union. “i don’t think that they're on the
same level as we are this year."he noted.
Union was overwhelmed by RPl earlier this
year.

tunitics to win. The offense pratically mov-‘
ed the ball at will, at times gaining l81 yards
on the ground against the weak Cortland
.defense.

“1 was very impressed with the way we
moved the football. bill the penalties killed
us.” said Ford.

However. coach Ford wasn't very im-
pressed with the performance of the
defense. whom seemed to suffer a slight let-
down last week by allowing Cortland garner

.t

~rr

w, 11,. v

 

Despite Munsey's indifference towards the
Capital District meet. co-captain Jim Erwin
insisted that he won't take this meet lightly.
“i want to see if we can run with Siena." said
Erwin. “The meet will be held on our home
course. which should be to our benefit." The
last few years. the tnect was held at a neutral

291 total yards.

“After 24 years in football. l'll never
understand the ‘letdown' theory." said
Ford. “All i know is the theory states after
a big emotional win._likc the one we had
over Southern Connecticut. it's tough to
reach the same level the following week."

The Danes should be pleased to find out
that defensive tackle Jim Canfield's slow-
healing knees are back to full strength and
he will start tomorrow against Norwich.

OCTOBER 21, 1983

site.

Being a Division i school gives Siena cer-
tain advantages over a school like Albany
State. Some of these advantages aren't that
ethical, according to the coach. “l'm sure
that athletic prowess lsn't overlooked when
financial aid is given out at a Division 1
school." said Munsey. “Regardless of what
is said. l’m sure that these scltools engage in
such a fashion."

The men will be concentrating on later
meets. rather than going all out here. To
Munsey. the Capital District meet is nothing
more than a timed workout. “With all the
big meets coming up. this meet just isn't that
important to as." noted Munsey. “it comes
along at a very awkward time for us."

in sharp contrast with Munsey's views.
women's coach Ron White has been keying
his learn for this meet for some time now.
"i've been talking Capital District since
September." stated the coach. “This is the
meet that all the girls have been waiting for."

White senses the mental readiness of the
women; they know that a victory here could
spell a turnaround for their tints far winlcss
season.

The meet also has some extrinsic worth to
Coach While; this weekend‘s performance
will determine which seven runners will go on
to the postseason events. The women that
don't make the top seven will represent
Albany in their Albany invitational.

To repeat as champions. the runners would
have to defeat their main competition. RPI.
Albany lost to RH 24 to 34 in an earlier meet
held at Hamilton; the women will be looking

to redeem themselves here. “RPi is a very
tight running team."commented While.
"They pack ﬁve runners within a minute;
we’ll have to break that up. The girls will be
trying to position themselves with RPI's run-
ners to do just that. The physical contact that
will go on is very important; the times don‘t

23>

Danes tackle Cadets in Saturday’s homecoming

Canﬁeld injured himself three weeks ago in
the second quarter against Union and
hasn't played a down since.

Sophomore Larry Cavazzo filled in for
Canfield admirably. but the addition of the
Dane number one pass rusher should have a
beneﬁcial psychological effect on the learn.

“Cavnzzo’s done a hell of a job ﬁlling in.
however Canfield is not only a good foot-
ball piayer but a great team player and an

22>

   

 

' 7 ED MAflUBSICH UPS
The Albany Great Danes will take on the Norwich Cadets Saturday afternoon at University Field beginning at 1:30 in the an-
nual Homecoming game. The Dana's record is 2-4. and It Is their that home game since September 24.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  

 

- Tuesday 4

October 25, 1983

 
  
  

 
 

NUMBER 36

 

 

 

 

Rescuers prepare to lower a Marine on a stretcher down to salety
About 200 soldiers were killer] in the terrorist bombing.

Experts react to Lebanon tragedy

 

By Tony Sllber
NEWS EDITOR

 

The question of the U.S. marine presence
in Lebanon and what the nation should do
now in the wake of Sunday's slaughter
brought widely differing reactions from local
government and foreign policy experts.

SUNYA Political Science Department
Chairman Martin Edelman said the marines
are in Lebanon as a tool of American foreign
policy —— to exercise leverage in an important
part of the world. He added that he doubts
that Congress will force the President to
remove the marines.

Abdo i. Baaklini. Director of interna-
tional Development Programs at the
Graduate School of Public Affairs and a
specialist in Middle Eastern and Lebanese af-
fairs. said President Reagan tnade a very un-
wise decision to put the marines in Lebanon
to fulfill a political role. "The sooner we
realize our marines are not serving any pur-
pose thcre. that they arejust targets. the bet—
ter off we will be." he said.

Accortling to Edelman. the three-week—old

Protesters arrested during Seneca

 

By Lisa Mirabella

 

More than 380 people. including eight
local rcsidettls. were arrested Monday for
blocking the gates of the Seneca Army
Depot. The civil disobedience was held after
Saturday‘s march and rally that brought
7.500 people to the upstate New York depot
that is believed to be storing Cruise and Per-
shing ll missiles.

'Thc attempted blockade had little effect on
depot operations because employees uscd
unblockatlctl gates to reach work. said Depot
spokesperson Robert thnanck.

“As far as we know. all the ones who in“
tended to work have come in." he said. The
depot has [.000 civilian workers. btlt
Zemanck said many did not come to work
because they were offered a liberal leave
policy for today if they wished to avoid the
protest.

The actions were part of world-wide events
protesting the deployment of nuclear missiles
and calling for a freeze on nuclear arms. Tom
Rtissell said. “There was a stress- on the

compromise on the War Powers Resolution
between Congress and the President. when
Congress granted Reagan is additional mon-
ths to keep the troops in Lebanon before a
reexamination. was the most significant legal
word on the policy. “in a formal way. they'll
stay there." he said. adding that the constitu-
tionality of the resolution is in question since
the Supreme Court this summer declared
congressional vetoes unconstitutional.

Baaklini. however. said that although he
faults Congress for abandoninu its nowr-r in
the War Powers compromise, Congress and
the public are the critical factors in the policy
decisions in the wake of the bombings.

The difference between public opinion
following the Gulf of Tonkin incident. where
President Johnson received overwhelming
support. and this tragedy is extremely impor-
tant. said Baaklini. The government is still
pursuing some policies and not garnering
from the past. but the public. judging from
reactions. scents tnuch more aware. he
asserted.

“i hope the Congress and the media will
bring some sense into this situation." said

solidarity between U.S. and European ef-
forts."

The highlight of the rally was Women USA
chair. Bella Abzug who delivered a powerful
speech. Drea Leanza. a local organizer for
the Women's Peace Encampment. said of
Abzug, “Her speech was the most dynamic
one of the day. She pttt everything in a clear
perspective." .

Other speakers included author Dr. Ben-
jamin Spock and columnist Manning
Marablc.

The Seneca Army Depot is the principal
East Coast storage facility of tntclcar
weapons. The Pershing ll missiles thought to
be stored there are especially objectionable to
the protesters because of their capacity to
reach Soviet targets six minutes after they are
launched.

According to Dirk Hoekstra. Disarma-
ment Project Ctr-coordinator at NYPIRG.
deployment of these missiles would drastical-
ly increase both the likelihood and the scale
of any military reaction.

Also. the nrlssilcs are very small and if
deployed. they could invalidate many arms

 

  

AP

Buaklini.

According to Bnaklini. the U.S. now has
two options. in the short tertn. lte said. the
U.S. must make clear to the Gemayel regime
that it cannot count on it for protection for
long. The long term solution in both
Lebanon and the Middle East as a whole. he
said. is a resolution of the Palestinian pro-
blem. .

The whole root of the tragedy. said
Baaklini. can be traced to U.S. attitudes
following the lsraeli invasion of l982.

Bashir and Amin Gernaycl were never seen
as legitimate leaders by other Lebanese. ltc
asserted. Rather. they were seen trs leaders of
an aristocratic minority installed in power at
the point of an lsraeli bayonet.

“The U.S. tirade Genrayel its man." he
said. "because lte does what America and
israel wanted." instead of pushing for a true
national reconciliation. the U.S. supported
Gcmayel and attempted to legitimize the for—
tnuia of the Lebanese Constitution. which
calls fora Christian President and a Moslcm
Prime Minister. with other factions

15>

control agreements because there will be no
way to verify them. Hoekstra said "The
missiles will be deployed in December if the
intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces negotia-
tions with the Soviet Union are not stic-
cessful."

Many protests were staged at sites in West
Germany. Sicily and Great Britain where the
missiles will be sent. while the focus of the
Seneca march was to protest thctn before
they are sent. Organi'lcrs were hoping to at
least delay the date of the deployment. so by
six months or a year lNF negotiations coultl
be continued.

Another goal of the rally was to push for
the conversion of the Seneca Depot ton tron-
nuclear facility. Lacnra said. "The com<
munity depends on the depot for jobs." but

she said they could keep the jobs without

ltousing nuclear weapons.

Russell said he felt the best part of Sutur-
day‘s rally was the informal march from
Sampson State Park to the fence surrounding
the depot airfield. “it was rettlly spooky. The
fence seems like it goes on forever. inside is a
barren wasteland of an airfield." Many peo-

Reinforcements
arrive. Marines
search rubble
for survivors

Beirut, Lebanon
(AP) About 300 Marine reinforcements
began their new duties in Beirut today as
rescuers dug out four more bodies from the
bombed U.S. command post. pushing the
overall American death toll to nearly 200.
Marine spokesman Maj. Robert Jordan
told reporters the new contingent of Marines
arrived at Belrut's airport from Europe on
Monday night to replace those killed and
wounded in Sunday's sufcide terrorist truck-
bornbing of the Marines' headquarters.

Rescuers searched through the rubble for a
third straight day and four bodies were pulled
out this morning. zipped into olive green
nylon bags. pttt on a jeep and driven away.

Bulldozers and cranes provided by the
Lebanese government and private firms in
Beirut worked under spotlights thoughout
the night and into the morning at the
Marines‘ airport zone and at another truck-
bombcd post of the French pence-keeping
force about a mile away at Beirut's seafront.

Lance Cpl. Robert Calhoun. 21. of San
Antonio. Texas. said he was told by a Marine
sentry who survived the blast that the suicide
terrorist was wearing green fatigucs and smil-
ed as he roared towards the building. The
bombing at the French post was staged in a
similar fashion.

The Marine commander in Beirut. Col.
Timothy Geraghty. was asked at a news con-
ference Monday whether stringent security
measures could have foiled the two attacks.

“We took every reasonable
precaution. . .As most of you have seen
around our area, we have put large bar-
ricades and put some of our heavy rolling
equipment to preclude this." Geraghty said.
“This particular operation was obviously
well-planned and timed and coordinated."

The latest figures issued by the U.S.
Defense Department Monday put the overall
U.S. casualty toll in the bombing at 192 kill-
cd. But Jordan told reporters on the scene to-
day “Our casualty figures at this point are
almost 200 dead."

The French said 58 of their soldiers are
dead or missing.

in Washington. as a political furor built
over the Marines’ mission. President Reagan
declared the Marines will stay. because "we

15>

Depot rally

pic lcl't rnomcntos on the fence such as pie-
tures of children and grandchildren. liowers.
and placards. demonstrating how close they

_ feel the threat of nuclear war is to their own

lives. he said.

Local residents did not demonstrate
against the rally. This summer there were in
cidents with local residents who were against
the Women‘s Peace Encampment. a womcns
peace organization that worked for the bait
ofCruise and Pershing deployment the entire
summer. There was a snutll counter-
dcmonstration by a group who felt the
demands of the rally were not strong enough.

Russell noted that from the beginning of
the rally organizers handed out American
flags to bring out the democratic ideals of the
march." The hope was “to end the idea that
the peace movement is counter—democratic or
anti—American." he added.

Hoekstra said the NYPiRG Disarmament
Project is sponsoring a week of workshops.
movies and speaker (both pro and anti-
disarrnamenl) November 7-12.

    
 

 

 

