 

t

I:
it
t3

 

 

.. “MW

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Checking In
With The Motels

ire Motels are a band that matters,

They stand as one of the few suc-

cessful. straight forward. American
rock-pop bands. perhaps even the best of
therrr. Few bands can put out a single that
will get adult contemporary airplay wirile
maintaining a pleasantly decadent image.
They are a band capable of lush. key-board
dominated songs. such as their present
single “Suddenly Last Summer." Their tor-
chy ballads. like “Change My Mind" from
their last album. and adrenalin driven songs
like “Trust Me" from Little Robbers. are
another facet of the Motels powerful music.
The Motels are able to be diverse while still
maintaining a common motivation for their
songs; rock music for the sake of rock music.
It‘s there. It's fun. let's do it. get rich and lead
the fast life.

Norman Kee

The Motels” self-tilted debut was a pleasing
introduction to their style. It was hard-edged
in places — the song “Kix.” for example —
but it was also steamy. as in their song of sex.
love and domination. “Total Control." The
Motels was followed by Careful. which was
followed by last year's All Four One. Capital
Records executives rejected the first version
of All Four One twice as not good enough
(or commercial enough). So. the band went
back into the studio. this time with producer
Vat Garay (of “Bette Davis Eyes“ fame).
With a few different .songs and different
mixes. they came back with their most com-
mercially successful album to date.

Little Robbers. the Motels' fourth album. is
somewhat like All Four One. its predecessor.
and somewhat different. Val Garay is pro-
ducan once again and the album keeps the
balance of rough edges and slickness that
Val and the band achieved in All Four One.
This balance is maintained even though
there are more keyboards on Little Robbers.
The Motels have added Scott Thurston. who
was with them on their last tour. as a second
keyboard player and additional guitar player.
The expansion to six members has resulted
in a more layered and complex sound.
Several of the songs seemed to have been
influenced by recent Joe Jackson material.
since they have some reggae and islarrds'
style rhythms and (to quote a friend) “Mr.
Rogers" keyboards (i mean this in a com-
pllmerrtary manner. I have always liked the
music on Mr. Rogers.) in addition to the
greater use of keyboards. synthetic drums
appear on several songs, They are
augmented by real drutns and the interplay
between them is interesting and it heightens
the effect of both.

Now comes the hard part. This is supprrs‘
ed to be a review of Little Robbers. right?
Well. I have trouble relating to Thr- Moiels'
material right away It takes time; it grows on
me l like All four One much better now
than when it was first released Tltr ‘trr‘ rs
true of f ilfll' fr'oblrr'rs' however. It hastr
as long to ‘viltlt in The point of all this Is tr.
my opinion of Little Robbers will change and
probably for the better

I like i tfllr' fr'ohbr'rs I wasn‘t crazy about rt
at first. i'ajtt’t tally "\‘rrdtlenly Last Hummer."
brrt it sounds line now Little by little. songs
from the album have latched rnrto my and
vii v w-rm 'iorne. such as “Trust Me." have

 

 

immediate appeal and others sort of hang
out in the back of your tntrrd and then attack
just as you receive your rrrtdterm.

Tire music on the album is catchy. Martha
Davis is the band's rrrairr songwriter.
although other band members do co-write
with her. and her melodies are nicely corn-
plemented by Marty Jourard and Scott
Thurston's keyboards. irrterplaying well with
Guy Perry's guitar lines. Mr. Jourarrl also
plays some nice saxaplrorre on this record; it
goes from wailing to slow weaving with
Michael Goodroe (bass) and Brian
Glasrock's (drums) tempo. Val Garay's pro-
duction brings it all into a tight package.

1 think the subject of several of the songs
surprised me a bit. All Four One dealt mostly
with the problems/pleasures of love and sex.
as did the previous albums. However.
“Monday Shutdown." from the new album.
talks about how the extreme ritual of a job is
about the most awful and patrrful.thing since
sinus headaches. “erere Do We Go From
Here (Nothing Sacred)" and “lnto the
Heartland" have tinges of rrihiltsm. True.
most of the album deals with sex and love
and fooling around in the modern world. but
hey. some of these songs were more serious
than I expected. “Where'Do We Go From
Here" says. "One thing is clear/nothing's
sacred anymore" and then slides into the

progression from "Money." perhaps sug-'

gesttng that money is all that matters.

The lyrics to this album are printed on the
sleeve and in print. they look a bit pompous.
Once Mrrtlra Davis sings them. however.
they seem just fine. Martha has a very ex“
pressive. throaty. sensual voice. She phrases
her lyrics well. so that the lyrics that looked
pompous in print now seem almost conver-
sational or train-of—thought. Her voice strolls
when necessary and sprints when needed.
Her versatile voice and songwriting skills are
essential to The Motels.

Looking at the songs on the LP as in-
dividual entities. i guess i would say "Trust
Me" is my favorite It has the most im-
mediate appeal due to its straight»
forwardness. both musically and lyrically.
The lyrical phrasing in “Little Robbers" skips
along with the bass and drums and these
three elements work together to fortn a cat~
clry. steady-yet-jerky beat. "Tables Turned"
is about waiting for a lover's problem to work
Itself out. The song conveys a helplessness of
waiting. the kitrd of waltirrg that. even when
it's over. seems to continue somewhere.
“Tables Turned" is also about the closest
thing to a ballad that the album has to offer.
My reaction to “Suddenly Last Summer"
changes with my moods. sometimes I like it.
and sometimes I don't. “Remember the
Nights" could be looked at as a complement
to All Four Ono's “Pays are OK " Martha's
voice moves across and around the musical
current of the song as she sings about a urn
|rlr' \vlrrr'lt treedes to rr'rrrtrrtst’e tn Ultlr't to
em ape their present despair Thrs song. as

well as most of The Mrrtr'ls‘ \rrilits. ‘rltll\\‘\
that The Motels are a band. iiUl rust Martha
IJavis

‘lJffli' Ir‘olrhr'rs isa grrrrrl rot k pop album ll
1‘. the irrtl of album that to ten years Will

make you remember what you were ilrtrrkrrttt
when you ftrst heard it “K the ktnrl of rill‘ltlll
that in a rrrustr‘al still life. the prrturt' being
what you make it .

Sound and Vistas
Looking At Love '
 In Lianna

/

onsiderlng that homosexuals com-
prise approximately 10 percent of
the population. the quantity of
literature and film material that portrays this
lifestyle is surprisingly sparse. When these
works finally surface. they have to appear
palatable to a mostly heterosexual audience.
while not distorting or glossing over the lives
of the characters. _‘

Roni Ginsberg

Written. directed and edited by John
Sayles. Lianna (recently at the Third St.
Theatre) approaches this combination of ap-
peullng to an audience while retaining
realism with success. Lianna. a 33 year old
housewife with 2 children. comes to ternrs
with her sexuality and a change in lifestyle.
Lianna (Linda Griffiths). embarks on a les-
bian affair with her night school professor
(Jane Hallaren). whom she has been work-
ing closely with on research.

Things do not end up fine and dandy. like
in Making Love. where the separated couple
go separate ways; the husband rrrovirrg away
and getting settled with a male lover and the
wife remarryirrg. Nor is this an interesting
phase. as in Personal East. where Mariel
Hemingway portrays an athlete experimen-
ting with lesbianism.

Ltanna undergoes a series of crises. She
has a painful separation from her husband.
who gives her a difficult time in trying to see
her children. A friend (portrayed by Sayles
himself) offers his sexual services upon hear-
ing of the couple's separation. He retreats
when his offer is rejected. withdrawing his
company as a friend for the evening. Oddly.
her closest friend becomes self-conscious
over the fact that they once held hands.
Then. Lianna. who is on her own. is
pressured by time into taking a
claustrophobic apartment and settling for a
job as a cashier.

Director Sayles. a former resident of
Schenectady. pays minute attention to
details. The interactions of the characters are
spiced up with moments of tension and
believable witticlsm. Her ex-husband. a pro-
lessor. has trouble finding the words to ex-
plain Mom's lifestyle to the kids. Her son
later says indifferently to Lianna. “So my old
lady's a dyke." in reply to her worries that
her husband has turned her offspring against
her. To this Lianna replies. "l'm not your old
lady."|n the laundry room of her new
residence. Lianna encounters a neighbor.

 

explaining nervously. “I'm gay" - "l'm
Sheila". the woman answers good-
humoredly.

One of my favorite moments is when
Lianna confronts her husband with his In-
fidelity. Unbeknownst to trim. she witnesses

 

  

NOVEMBER 4. 1983

lrtm at a party sneaking outside with a female
student. At bedtime. while undressing. he
conrplains of students "trying to chalk up
brownie points" at this faculty party. As he
pulls off his shoes. Lianna calmly asks. “How
many points do you get for a fuck in the
sandbox?"; ire turns to her gutltily gaping.
the sand pouring out of the shoe he is
vlrrrlding. Cute.

Technically. Sayles' films have the ap
peararrce of good home movies. it is hard to
tell whether this is done for artistic reasons or
due to a low budget. Background characters
are often out-of-focus. His earliest filnr.
Return o/ the Secaucus Seven (showing at
Third St. Nov. 4. 5. 6) suffers the most from
problems with sound and the home-movie
syndrome. Lianna Is an improvement. and
his most recent film. Baby It's You. over-
corrres most of these problems.

One can sense a metamorphosis trr Sayles'
films, The main characters are college-age in
the late sixties. They are familiar characters
that we may know. or who grew up with our
older siblings. They have experimented with
irippIe-dom (Baby It's You) and anti-war
demonstrations (Secaucus Seven). in
Secaucus Seuen. the activists have mellow‘
ed and gone their separate ways. in Lianna.
the students have returned to the academic
world as faculty. in a sense. to appreciate his
films. some college education is necessary.
both to understand the settings and cir-
cumstances and to catch the subleties and
references In the dialogue. Sayles expects
sorrre intelligence on the part of the viewer.
and perhaps some open-mirrdedness. as in
the case of Lianna.

The acttrrg in Lianna is very realistic.
However. none of the characters are ex-
plored very thoroughly. We see Lianna's ex-
periences. but we really don't know much
about her. Perhaps this Is done Intentionally.
as the film is dealing with her transition. and
her thoughts haven't been totally collected
yet.One clue to her personality is given in the
multiple use of corner shots. She gets trap-
ped in a small apartment. a small kitchen. a
car. a supermarket register booth. There are
several shots of her in bed. curled up. her
tread closed into a corner. With her wide
eyes. these close shots remind one of a cag-
ed. frightened animal.

Sayles and actresses Hallaren and Griffiths
deserve praise in creating a good love scene.
Unlike the phoney. timid. half~hearted em-
braces in Making Love or Personal Best. the
scene in Lianna ls effective. The women ap~
pear very sensual and unafraid. The'scene.
and the movie. is executed with sensitivity
and in very good taste. The movie is suc-
cessful in exploring. not exploiting les-

 

blanism.

 

 

  
     
  

 
 

EMBER 4. 198

 

n Europe all the cars are small. in
Harlem they're big.
' When it comes to cars, that's a fact.
urope all the people are small. in
m. they're big, too.
.- that's it. Big cars for big people.

ntel Barth

e morning sun shone in his eyes as he
d over the hill along the tiny stretch of
south of Dublin. A car came up behind
at some seventy miles per hour. it hit
n the hip. As he died In twisting flight he
. the small car speed on through the

   
 
 
   
   
  
 
  

eet. severe memories for such an
pt little life. These thoughts ﬂashed. Like
ing sun. is moonlit lake. or maybe. yes.
place and brandy. but we can't forget ——
e — forget It.

. Queens boy. wholesome. Jewish irr-
~ ces (once went to a bar mitzvah) went
. 9 right schools. played with the rigirt
. right? Got his A's and got seduced by a
( asexual truck driver. Oh. he wanted
‘ - delivering newspapers. yes? With a jar
aseline in a deserted parking lot in
kaway Beach. It's really hard to shit after

 

e went to college. Got his hair cut dil-
nt and bought his clothes at the thrift
e. Fell in love. he fell in love. That was
utiful. And he lived with an angel against
Jewish beliefs and his parents' demands
friends thought he matured a man; he
duated a political science major and went
law school in Boston where be split with
love. for financial reasons. and drove a
brown Chevy instead.
oston was a fine town to gain valuable
experience. He had plenty of music to
spise and many students to loath. His
cabulary became very much like that of
' law theory be manipulated. come time
graduated summa cum laude and turned
partnership into his own when be buried
s uncle.

Well. he really was a nice man
rderneath. This became obvious with the
ccessful execution of a nervous
eakdown. He became chess champion of
alntree Hospital and was well known for
s fierce rooktng and pawnery throughout
award. He defeated thirty-seven people in
row. patient and staff alike. and gained the
e of the Bratntree Basher to all that knew
m.
His parents visited one weekend and were
ocked to find their son enjoying such awful
mpetition. After all. he had been to only
' best schools and was the youngest of five
ys who were destined to corrtirrrre the long
’ e of lawyers and politicians dating back to
' over Cleveland's administration; wiry. our
It Isn't used to violence and sports. Tire
alntree Basher. the thought of it. Stop that
w. Thank you. He was moved to the next
or right next to a sailor who refused to stop
king submarines. The parents pulled the
ain cord.
"Now you'll be well in three days. dear.
d then you can come home to Forest
ls. You'll want to spend your twenty
enth birthday at home. No more tussllng.
r and we'll see you soon." He smiled as
y slid out the door. and he pulled from a
P9! bag the Erica Jong book he won from
' nurse.
uch was his state of mind when ire said
dbve to his friends. signed out. and left
' hospital three days later. He took a plane
hhtm to Kennedy Airport and then a taxi
me. He stayed for as long as it took to
ieve the money his parents srratcired
In his sold real estate and left a kind note
thanks: “Mom. Dad. thanks."
' ls best high school buddy lived in New
rk City up about the west ninttes. so he
pped in for a year.

‘Hev. it's great to see you. We been look-
4 for an apartmentmate for a while now.
a"! I perfect idea." He moved in his
original it was a pleasant house. an old
‘ stone. It had a great big front window
"I he sat and looked at the wanted ads
ﬂnyone who would hire a well known
I’ who made only one mistake. He
‘ 0d over the Sunday Funnies to the street
d watched the shadow creep. and the
Pl0 walk by. Agtrl looked up and smiled.
smiled. too.



 
   
   
  
    
   
  
 
   
    
    
 
 
 
  
   
   
  
 
   
   
 
    
  
   
  
   
  
   
   
  
 
   
  
  

 

Accidents Will Happen

ig Cars" For Big People ’

 

means '7-

 

 

 

l'le took walks in Central Park atrd went
running around the northern loop. This was
before running had books and sneakers and
plastic suits developer] for the art. Then. it
was still callerl jogging. Notice. most things
change. rrrodlfy. advance or decline. But
every week he got tripped or chased. mugg-
ed and hit. that never changed. Notice. most
things change; some things don't.

He once hypothesized. “Being just south
of Harlem and just north of civilization. one
receives the best of both worlds. The ethnic
flavor and cultural stimulation are set upon
the doorstep and all one need do is decide
whether to go uptown or downtown. The
subway or the taxi. The cap or the cape."
Law mouth never leaves the rrran. even if
he‘s left the law.

At the end of the year he had depleted his
funds and found little work. He rrroved to
127 and Amsterdam In the back of a burnt
out hispanlc market (that's the worrl.
lrisparric — a law word. too). He had one
roorrr and a toilet and sink and all the empty
Goya cans he could use. The man was
humbled. He had no idea where lrls old law
degree plaque was. He suspected his parents
hung it in the bathroom. over the toilet paper
rack. hiding a crack in the tile. He was an
observer of life. a welfare recipient. He
wasn't Jewish anymore. He made love to a
pretty black woman every other night. She
lived upstairs and they could see one
another through the hole In the floorboard
and ceiling. He first noticed the crack one
night when he shut his light and saw a ray
(heyl) from upstairs. She was naked. He
went upstairs to shut the light. and he did.
History. The rest is history.

One afternoon he walked to the George
Washington bridge. Right in the middle.

 

 

i-larlern on the left and New Jersey on the
other. Ire decrded to end it. A runner (wltlr a
runner‘s suit and runner's sneakers) saw him
climbing over the first railing and pulled lrtm
back. The runner lrit hlrrr over the head with
a bottle to rrrake hinr tirirrk straight. When he
woke up it was dusk and raining. He decided
to postpone the funeral till his head felt bet-
ter. He ran lrorrre. to the girl upstairs.

During the subsequent summer he found
a lawnchair and he laid it out itr front of the
burnt-out. boarded-up lrispanlc rrrarket on
the corner of 127 and Amsterdam. With his
sunglasses on and Erica Jorrg on his stomach
he listened to the waves crash. wirenever a
bus thundered by. Tire sea salt could be
smelled from the exhaust of those cars
without catalytic converters. Tire wind
sprayed an open fire hydrant into his face
and his fingers touched the hot gritty sand of
the sidewalk. All this may happen on 127
and Amsterdam.

eren they condemned his butldirrg after a
piece of the north end fell in the midst of
violent sex upstairs. the health and safety in-
spector turned him out as the slrrmlord kept
on interrupting. "So. is the city gonna buy it.
huh?"

Before the winter hit the city. he became
what he believed the first immigrant born of
American blood. He stowed away on the
OE” out of pier 43. it took him to her majes-
ty's bosom in late October.

He spent the winter as an American bum
in London. By mid November he realized
that Europeans. Londoners in particular.
were very interested in seeing an American
down on his luck. They were quite amused
at watching him sleep In a store front or the
park or. it he was lucky. the Tubes. Siftth

 

 

through a garbage can was especrally uplift:
ting too. What's better eutertairrrrrent than
seeing an American grovel at your feet.

He became a novelty. locally famous. and
people plopped coins and bills itr his hat
every day. on Christmas Day he had
gathered his holiday crowd. He waved them
as close as they dared and whispered to each
a ireartvrenderirrg "fuck you." Each person
turned around. secretly delighted. and con-
tinued home to their loved ones hurrrmirrg
“Deck the Halls" or "God Save the Queen."
Notlrlrrg like errraglng an American.

He bought new clothes and a train ticket to
Dublin with his newfound wealth and board-
ed the 11:05 special. After a passenger
recognized his face from the TV (He's the
bleedin' American tramp) they rioted to kick
him off the train. only ten miles south of
Dublin. He srnirked as the train stopped and
they shoved him out.

it was bright and sunny and the ice cold
breeze was refreshing. Tire road was small
and hilly. Tire car must have hit hlrrr by
mistake. in the mid flight of quite certain
death it's funny how quick one's life can
ﬂash. run through the whole reel in one ins.
tant and snap! It's over. But just before he
landed in the drainage ditch and after all the
reel to every moment of his life was spent. he
had one thought left:

In Europe all the cars are small. in Harlem
they‘re big.

When it comes to cars. that's a fact.

in Europe all the people are small. in
Harlem. they're big. too.

Maybe that“; It. Big can for big people.

Maybe that‘s tr. D

 

 

