 
    

v

' uulvsnsI-rv contam- 30mm and our“
Present:

       

 

 
 

THURSDAY APRIL 14th at 9PM
. Reggae Multimedia Jam Featuring
Video Show and Jamaican Band ITOPIA
in the Campus Center Ballroom.
TICKETS: $1 SUHYA students,$2 Public
-Cash Bar-

. ‘:‘:s_>t/i~‘ 4mm

 
 
   

..-. v- WK“. h. Vegaawﬁap

   
    
   

    
  

  
  
  

WEDNESDAY APRIL 20th at 8PM
JORMA KAUKOHEH (SOLO) at Page nan.
TICKETS: $5 SUi‘iYA students,$7 Public

SATURDAY APRIL 25rd at 8PM
l‘iICK BRIGi‘iOLA and Friends:
Dewey Redman, Dave Holland, and
Jack DeJohnette at Page Hall.
TICKETS: $5 SUNYA students, $8 Public

 

 

 

    

 

     
   
 
  
   
  
    

TICKETS for all three shows are on sale
In the Campus Center Lobby from 10AM-4PM
CALL 457-8390 for more Information.

  
   
   
  

 

   

 

  
   
   
  
   
  

.. ASIIBA & llll S'I'Allll PBODUG'I'IOIIS
present

ASIIBA FES'I' ‘83

starring ~
AIIIIRA

Soul Sonic Force Kurtis Blow
‘ Saturday, April 23 8 PM

      
  
   
  
  
 
  
   

Tickets for Students Only H
on sale
Wednesday and Thursday

 April 13-14

CC 343 11 AM-3 PM
ONLY

$7 with tax card; ID.

If students do not get tickets at this
time tickets will cost $8 in the community
r- and (lay of concert.

  

 
  
 

   

 

   
  
   
   

 

   
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sports 

  

   

 

A PRIL 12, I983

 

 

By Tom Kaeandes
I:' Iltllilr-II ASSISIANI

Tire sunny. warm cotiditio * reflected tlte
fortunes oft both the men's-and women's
track and field teams as Albany State
dominated llrockport State last Saturday in a
combined dtntl meet on University field. The
filial score in the men‘s titeet was 10(1‘68.
while the women fitiislied with 107 points to
lirockport‘s 2‘) points.

The Dane traekmen had a fine day. scoring
first itt fortrteett of tire nineteen evetils. The
first Albany witi cattle iii the shot pttt where
Dane liill Nasou threw 14.57 meters arid
teatttrnate (ireg l)edes took third. ltl his
javelin debut. .ltirtior l)ori Illeasdrtlc won the
evettt witlt a solid throw of 46.2 meters.

llrockport was strong iri tltc ltartirttcr throw
wlterc Marc Mcrcttrio‘s solid loss of 45.96
rttctcrs took secottd place, btit Mercttrio came
back in the discus to trike first place witlt a
school-record breakirtg tlrrow ol 4611K meters
while Dane Ken Yarincck took third. itili
Waring was tlte Alharty scorer llI tlte long
jump. llis best-ever leap of 6.24 trieters was
good eitorrgli lot tltird. In the triple jump.
captain l'aul Mance out distanced the corti-
petitiort with his trtark ol‘ 1.1.35 meters '.tls'lllil
first place ltoticrs. Albatiy vrttrlter liej .ltllticts
soti marked his steady importwenierit iii the
pole vault with a superior lap of l4'2".

In tlte running events. sophomore Mike
Riggins was the big story as he took in .1
place ill the 100 and 2tX1»meler dasltcs. Rig-
giris ran tire I()() lit 11.0 seconds to beat ottl
rookie l'trl Saceacio who finished second in
11.21 seeortds. later. Riggins pulled first
place ottt of a tight Iinislt lit the lel’lllclcl
lash. witttiirrg the merit iii a blistering time of
22.25 seconds while .lolrtt Reilly tatr 22.67
sccotrds for third place itt his second attempt
ttt the distance. Freshman liruee Vart Tassel
continued his wirinittg ways lit the hurdles.
Van '1 asset took llte IOU—meter high linrdles
irt 15.2 sceottds arid cartie back to win tlte
401)-rneter intermediates irt 58.7 seconds
leading the competition by a full second irt

 

both races. Albany finished up the sprints
with a sweep of the 400-meter dash. .ltitiior
Darren Pratt went the distance in 50.7
seconds to lead teammates Scott Sachs rtttd
Winston Johnson in the effort.

The women's teatii had very little competi-
tiori front their iiroekpott counterparts as
part of the liroekport team was spring break
111 Florida. Said captain Sarah (.‘awley.
“They had a thin squad. but we would pro-
hably brat them anyway." Competition or
not. it was it big day for the Danes as many
runners had best-ever performances.

The first of these earite when freshman
Kathy McCarthy took over the 5.(i()(i.ructcr
r'un iii the early laps running against the clock
to win iii a personal-best little of 13:41.5.
Albany swept the evettt as llcttc Ulitllll‘lil
linislted secotid and HI Ncporent took third.
The 4x10t1vmeter relay ol' Anita llcath. .lert
Jones. ('arolyrt Joyce and lytrclle Skcrritt
Itlll ti season-best titrtc of 5 | .0 seconds to take
first. then Donna littrrrlram outkicked team-
mate Kercri Kurtliy to win the 1.50t1-merer
11111 in a besle'VL't tittte of $203.7. llenth and
Jones went one-two irt [lie-1004110101 rtirt with
very fast times of 12011.9 arid 1:01.13 respec»
tively. l-Iileen l’epprud took secottd in the
Itxl-rtieter ltiglt litrrdies with her best-ever
tiriic of 19.3.1 seconds while (‘arolyn .loyce
quickly recovered from a fall to trike third.
I’eppard later took second lit the Min-meter
intermediate hurdles lrehititl .len Jones who
won it ill 1:()li.2. llurnliam became a double

winner when .she sprinted by tile llrockport
reptesetitatlve lit the illX)»metet I'lIIl firiislting
iii a very quick 2:32.35 while Sarah (‘ttwley
took third in a pctsottaHicsl little of 2216.7.
llune Skerritt was also a double uinner tak~
irtg built the 1111) and Elli-meter dashes. in the
tilt). Sket‘rit led (-ialuta and Williams of
Albarty to sweep tltc event. In tlte 200. site
was nearly rtrri down by Anita llealh, bttt
held on to win iii 27.1) seconds. Artorlter doti-
ble winner was Mc(‘arthy who came back
frorti the 5.1)(X1Iowin the 3.1)tlt1»ritcter [[111 iii
10:57.9 leading teammates Kttrtlty arid Kitn

ill/omen ’s softball team

1' Mark Levine
‘1“!!! Lil] .‘I‘ltlllh Illllllll
()l'ten tlte sign of a good team is the ability
to bounce brick frortt adversity. 11' Saturday
afterrtoorr was any indication then the
Albany State women's softball team should
be able to resume their wirtuitig ways and get

a- ..

 

track on track irt defense of their New York
state championship.

After iosiitg llte opening gartic of a
dottbleheader against 1,el\1oyne at University
Held on Saturday by the lopsided score of
ill-2. Albany saw its record drop to a surpris-
ing (1-2. The act that they are defending state
champions had to be the lttst thing on their

 

  

 

 

ED MARUSSlCH UPS

Albany's women's softball team came from behind and split a doubleheader with

LeMoyna. Their record is now 1-2.

 

Dane track teams dominate Brockport in sweep

 

 

 

 

 

 

ED MARUSSICH UPS -

Mitch Harvard and the Albany relay team came up short, but the Danes‘ men and

women teams swept Brockport.
l’tttcli to a sweep of the event.

In the field evertts. Albany scored will iii
botlt the iurttps and the weight events.
Albany took first rtrtd second iii the high
jump where ('arolyri Joyce led captain Joan
Mcihtid lll the scorirtg while Jones won the
long jump. Andrea l)claurier titrew 22.16
meters to take second in the jaicliri where
.loyce took third. Later. she took another sc-
cotttl lll the sliol pttt with a solid toss of 10.11
trtetets while Mary Randalls finished third

ttiirtds when a third straight loss seemed htt-
rtiirtcrtt as they trailed 6-1 enterirtg the hottorn
.rf the sixth inning of the second gartie.

littt a three-run otttbttrst in the sl\'lll got
the Danes brick in the garlic. '1 racy Kirk
started the rally with a long triple to left field.
and Carol Wallace followed with an R111
single. Wallace tlteti catnc around to score
ulteli Stasia llcals wound up at third on a
tlttce base error. lieals scored the third rrrrt
of the irtrtirtg on a sacrifice fly by ('aty
Meyer.

After lrolditrg l.el\ioyne scoreless ill the top
of the scvettlli. the Danes c\plotlcd lor three
triote runs irt their last at but. A single by
(‘htis (‘aunata started tlritigs off. After a
stolen base. Kirk singled. putting runners on
first and third. Wallace their delivered art R111
single. bringing Albany to within 6-5.
Following two consecutive flyorrts. freshman
pitcher Wendy Williams stepped to tire plate
with runners on first and third. Williams.
who took over the pitcltirtg duties for Andrea
l'iccorie to start the sixth inning, came
through with a clutch single to tie the game.
ptrttitig runners on first and third and bring-
ing to the plate freshman Diane l-‘ernandes’.

l-‘ernantles is no stranger to the pressure of
varsity competition. as she starred earlier this
year for Albany's highly successful women's
basketball team. She responded by lofting a
towering fly ball that landed deep in lelt
field. bringing ltorite the winning rttrt and giv-
ing the Danes a drartiatic cortic-from-behind
win. 7-6.

Head coach Lee Rhenis‘h was happy to see
her team's bats come alive.

“Our hitting finally got untracked in the
second game." site said. “l'm sure We'll be
alright as long as we eati continue to hit the

'ball."

Rhenish was referring to her team's slow

with a mark of ‘).il9 riieters. l)elatirier tlieti
won the discus by throwing 35.4 meters while
Randalls took third again.

The Danes finished up their scoring with a

first iii the 4x41XHneter relay. The tearii of

ileatlt. Skerritt. litrrniiarn and Jones covered
the distance in 4:214. “it was it very good
day for its all around." said head coach Ron
White. "1 was very impressed with the times
and Marks. This is a strong team and they're
going to really do sorttething. | t

splits two with LeMoyne

start offensively this year. as they scored only
one rtttt in their season-opening loss to
Lehman (‘ollegc last week arid oriiy two in
the opening garrre loss of the l.eMoyne
doubleheader.

lti that first garlic l.cMoytte'.s pitcher April
llamntontl lirtiitcd Albany to only seven hits
leading to the pair of tttris. Wallace's run-
scoring triple and ileals' Kill single were
Albany‘s only major output offensively. arid
the 11) runs Williams gave up were due 11]
large part to errors. according to Rheni r.

In addition to the ol'l'ensiie firepower .uitl

cltttcli liittirtg the Danes showed iii the second
game on Saturday. e were a tittttrber of
other key performances. Williams cattie itt
arid did a standout job of relief pitching after
starting iii the opener. shutting down Le-
Moyne iii the final two innings arid keeping
Albany within striking distance. llcr chrtcli
hit kept Albany's rally going. setting the
stage for Fernandes' game-winning blast.
. l’iccone. also a freshman. was a little
shaky early on lll her debut performance. bttt
she settled dowit a bit as the game progress—
ed.

“1 was a little riervotts at the beginning of
the game." she said. “1 had some trouble
throwing strikes, htrt then i concentrated
riiore and started to pitch a little better."

The Danes‘ schedule will be a busy one this
week. as they will play live games in a span 0|
five days. This afternoon they will travel to
()neonta for a dottblelieader against the
()neonta Red Dragons. Thursday they play a
single game at Union, and then return home
for a doubleheader Saturday against Price.

if their offense continues to produce and
their pair of freshmen pitchers can mature as
the campaign goes along. the Danes' pursuit
of a second straight state crown may prove to
beasucccssfttloue. l 1

 

 

 

    
 

  

