  

 

 

'3‘

.,,, _._m J

.. :1... ‘

. ~"_“.‘

S:“_’.:.‘ '~ ..".\".- .

~—s.<...1:r.:.e

 

 

 

 

   

the re-tournament favorite."
By M‘rk Lev.“ Tiiat role would appear to belong
AM to the defending champion Dut-
At Monday afternoon's press ehmen. of wltom Sauers said at tlte
luncheon for this weekend's Capital luncheon. "I think Union's got by
District Basketball Tournament. far the most talented group return-
the atmosphere was strictly friendly ing and the best record last year.
and informal. Coaches and players Obviously. they've got to be tlte
from the three area teams were pre- favorite."
sent. and they spent time together Union. who will open the tourna-
discussing topics ranging frorn last tttent against RPI tonight at 6:.10.
year‘s tournament to Devil's Bag ltad their best basketball campaign
being scratched from the Remsen. ever in i982-83. finishing ttt 2l-5
But when the ball goes up for the arid gainittg the first NCAA berth in
opening tap tonight at University the school's history. where. they
Gym the atntospttere will he were knocked off by Hartwtck trt
anything bttt friendly. (‘ollegc the first rottnd oftite East Regional.
basketball will be underway. llead Coach Bill Scanlott has four
For the host Albany Great ottt of five starters returning and.
Danes. who will face CCNY in up until a few weeks ago. Urttott
tonight's second gamc.rcvcttgc will seemed to be on the verge Hot
certainly be in their thoughts. Last artotlter big year. llut rcccttt tnjurtcs
year the Danes entered the tourna- itave set them back sotnewltat. and
ment at Union as the pre- it app'ars the Dutchmen are trot as
tourrtatttent favorite. at least in ready as anticipated.
their rttittds. llttt after narrowly The graduation of poittt gtrard
defeating lti‘l itt the opening Joe Clinton (I41) points per game.
round. they were krtocked off by 7 assists per game last year) left a
tlteltost Dutchmcniuaclassic 79-74 ltttge void. but ortc that secured to
triple overtime thriller of a final. be trtore tltart adeqtuttcly tilled by
This year the Danes enter tlte junior Peter Torncello. llut lorrt-
tournament as rttore of art ttttder- cello. art excellent shooter and
dog. according to Albany Ilead ballltandier who trattsfctted trout
Coach Dick Sauers. division I Rhode lslartd arid tittts
“I felt last year we came irrto tlte had to sit out last year. recetttly in-
tournamettt as a learn and we fell jurcd ligaments in ltis tittttrtb. Ac<
we were the team that shottld win cording to Scanlon lte will he ottt
the tournament." Sauers said. anywhere from two to six weeks. In
“When we lost that triple overtime addition. swingmttn Jim Dolterry
game that was kind of a blow to ortr iturt iris knee irt the preseason attd ts
ego. I think this year we're coming out indefinitely.
in a little more uncertain. We feel Tltis has forced a bit of reshull'l-
that we have as good a team as ing, according to Seattlott. in-
anybody. but I don't tltirtk any of eluding rttovirtg Joe Wood (PM
my players classify themselves as ppg. 3.7 rpg. 3.6 apt‘.) trout

. d
I

   

 

 

 

 

 

BOB LUCKEY UPS

Jon Zadoorlan will play a key role tor Albany at small forward and
shooting guard_

 

 

shooting guard to point guard.

"We‘re experimenting with
that." Scanlon said on Monday.
“We‘re going to ltave to ask an
awful lot of Joe. especially now
with Pete ittjttred. But he's a great
athlete. and he's responding well to
the challenge."

Wood‘s jumpshot witlt fottr
seconds remaining sent last year's
game irtto a second overtime. He is
art outstanding lcaper and scorer.
artd tttttst be controlled if the Dut-
cltrnett are to be beaten.

Anotltcr key member of this
talented Urtion team is center Ken
l)‘()ra/io (I4.0 ppg. 9.3 rpg. 56.1
percent field goal shooting).
l)‘0rtt/io outplayed John
Dicckclrnatt irt last year's final. and
ltis fine sltootirrg touclt can wreak
havoc on an opposition's big man.

“I tltirtk that‘s one of his major
attributes--lte has the ability to
score inside as well as outside."
Scartion noted. "I think it's a big
advantage if you cart bring a big guy
i vay from the basket with ltis
shooting. He's got great range:
you're talking Ill-20 feet. lle's pro-
bably tltc best sltootcr I‘ve got."

l)‘()ra/io says lie is looking for-
ward to a possible rematch with the
Danes.

“I always like to play Albany.”
lrc said. “I like to get up for
Albany. lispecittliy now that (Joint)
Mracek's on the team artd he ttscd
to be with tts. He's a good guy arid
we like to get pumped tip against
him."

Union‘s opponent. the Engineers
of RPI. will be led by first year
Head Coach John Quattrocchi. a
former player and assistant coach
ltcrc at Albany utrdcr Saucrs.

For the first tirtre in 30 years Rl’l

won't be uttder the helm of Bill
Kalbattgh. who stepped down at the
ertd of last year. Quattrocchi will
have a difficult time trying to
replace Kalbaugh and at the same
time rebuild a team that went 7-17
last year and hasn‘t had a winning
season since 1977-78. He thinks ite
will be up to the task.
"i think I’m ready." he said Mon-
day. “l'mjust not sure how I'll res-
portd. i feel l can do the job; i just
want to get started."

The Engineers itavc also been set
back by injuries recently. rttost
seriottsly to sophomore forward
Jolrn Maltoney (6.l ppg). who is
ottt 6-8 weeks with an illness. This
has caused Quattrocchi to tltrow ltis
starting forward position tip for
grabs.

"In Mahoney's absence we've
been juggling people in attd otrt.
We're not sttre yet (who will
start)." lte said.

The backcotrrt is set. with senior
liric Weinbergcr(i l.5 ppg. 54.l per-
ecttt field goal shooting) arid
sophomore Mike (iiannuccini retur-
rting. Wcirtbcrger is the itttegral part
of the offense. According to Quat-
trocchi lte ltas an excellent sltot. and
"We expect itim to sltoot whenever
lte wants to."

Senior co-captain Kelly (‘ollins
(8.6 ppg) is the likely starter at
L'L'lliL‘f.

for certain. one tlting Quattroc-
chi iras brottgitt in is art air of en-
thusiasm. Rl’l held its first practice
at 12:01am on October 15th. the
earliest possible practice session
permitted by NCAA rcgttlatiorts.

Albarty tttned up for the Capital
District most recently with a scrim-
mage against Division II Springfield
College last Sunday.

NOVEMBER I8. I983

 

 

 

 

BOB LUCKEY UPS

Dave Adam and the Great Danes will be shooting for the Capital
District Championship beginning tonight.

"We needed it very badly." said
Sauers of the team's first scrimmage
against another school. “We got
off to a very slow start. but once we
got moving I was very pleased with
wltat we did."

Albany ttrtdcr Sauers has tradi-
tionally played mostly man-to-man
defense. bttt the Danes showed
mostly lone against Springfield.
and this trend should continue as
the season progresses. and most
definitely tonight.

“I think we ntight be a little bet-
ter in a [one rigitt now." said
Sauers. “because of inexperience of
some people and the lack of a real
quality person inside — they tend to
foul when they get out of position.

“I think we're going to start irt a
lone against CCNY for two
reasons. One is to keep ottt of early
foul trottbie and see if they can
sltoot. attd sccottd to get a better
idea of ltow to tnatcit up if we have
to go man-to-man. It‘s pretty itard
to do that — we haven't seen them.
I only ltad them scouted ottce. artd
that was at the end of last year."

From whatever other limited in-
formation Hatters ltad available. ltc
also said that C(‘NY has about ltalf
of last year‘s ‘)-l7 tcatn rctttrttittg
artd lte expects therrt to play a lone
defense artd Ioncpress. Tltcy are
coached by Floyd Lane. a further
player irt L‘CNY‘s glory days when
they won the NCAA and NIT
Championships in the satttc year. ltt
addition. they had won four of the
previous nine CUNY Champion-
ships prior to last year. so they cer‘
tainly will be no pushover.

As far as the Dane players
themselves. the general feeling is
that the team is ready.

“I think we're ready." cornv
mentcd point guard Danny Croutlcr

after the Springfield scrimmage. "If
we keep up the intensity that we Itad
at the end of the gattte I think we‘ll
do really well — we've just got to
get the intensity level up irt tltc
beginning of the game. I'm very
ready for this."

“I think the game (Springfield) is
going to be to ottr advantage."
commented Mracck. who is oh-
viously geared up for a possible
matcltttp with Union. ltis forrtrer
school. "Springfield has a qttick
team. and CCNY is going to do a
lot of running and we got back well
on defense. Springfield is a lot big-
ger and stronger inside and we still
worked our offense pretty well."

As far as the tnatcltups this
weekertd go. on paper the Dot—
cltnten seem logical favorites. But
tltc recent injuries and rcsltul'l‘ling
have pttt them somewhat bcltind
last year's schedule.

“Last year we had a very. very
good preseason." Scanlon said.
“one of the reasons being we had
tttorc defined roles. This year we
don't enjoy that luxury. Guys are
finding themselves irt grey areas and
as a coachirtg staff we're experienc-
ing the satne thing. i tltink it's going
to take tts longer this year to per-
forttt as a cohesive unit."

"If they're playing people ottt of
position because of that (injuries)
that cottld be it big factor itt the
tournarttent." Sauers said. "I tltirtk
they have qttality inside people ttnd
a quality shooting guard in .loe
Wood. Ihtt if .loe Wood is forced to
play poittt guard and rearrange all
tltc positions that can be a big fac-
tor. The poirtt guard is a key man."

It all gets underway tortigltt. artd
if the action is half as exciting as last
year‘s Capital District Tournament.
it's going to beagrcat weekend. i |

 

 

 

 
   

VOLUME LX

 

 

   

ABAY
mUDNT
PRESS

 

YORK ATiALBANY BY THE ALBANY STUDENT PRESS CORPORATION

  

Tuesday

November 22, 1 983

NUMBER 43

 

 

 

 

 

By Heidi Gratin

.st .\.\( H ‘M II. NE“ ‘5 EDI TOR

 

“l ltave to get going." a SUNYA studcrtt said casually
Sunday nigltt. "I'm going to watch the end of civilization."

An hour later two dark mushrooms ilashed across
millions of 'l’.V. screens around the nation as more titan
i00 million people witnessed the residents of Lawrence.
Kansas becortte instantly transformed into ashes in ABC's
fictional depiction of a nuclear war.

The two and a trail ltottr movie. "The Day After" cost
ABC seven million dollars to prodttcc and attempted to
graphically depict some of the scierttifically predicted ef-
fects of a nuclear attack.

The network advised parents to exercise discretiort in
allowing titeir youngsters to watch the movie. and tttany
psychologists arid counselors across tlte rtatiott warned
viewers ttot to watch alone.

At SUNYA. rttarty students packed themselves irtto the
Campus Center artd some residential lounges to view the
ltigitly publicilcd rrtovie.

SUNYA Student Ellen Mttrray reported that lter lounge
artd suite room were filled with students watcltirtg the
movie. “There was total silence.“ site said. "even dttrirtg
commercials."

John Curry. a freshman said he felt the movie was effec-
tive in raising the pttbltc consciousness. but. as rrtttrty
other critics ltavc also argtred. it presented a ntodified ver~
sion of what a real ttttclear tvar would be like. “I tltortgltt it
was unrealistic bccattse an actual nuclear war would be
much more severe attd there would never be that many stir-
vivors," ltc asserted.

Many students said they felt the tttovie was too hyped
and over dramatized by the tncdia. prior to its airing.

Several members of the New York Public Interest
Researclt Group (NYPIRG). which publicly supports a
nuclear free/e. said the movie was disappointing becattsc it
did not illttstratc ertouglt ot' the predicted outcottte of a
nuclear war. The movie did serve sortie functions they
stressed. becattse it did make tltcrn wartt to work evctr
harder for disarmament.

“For people who hadn't studied the issue at all it‘s a real—
ly good starting point." said l€pltram Kann. a NYPIRU
coordinator.

“I expect that it raised the gettcrttl level of timtrcttcss on
this campus. It'll be a lot easier to speak to classes on this
issue." added NYl’lRti coordinator Plltii Herrick.

l-lcrrick noted. ltowevcr. that lie ltas read several books
that were much tttore frightenitrg than the movie.

 

‘The Day After’ sparks strong campus reaction

 

 

UPS

Tltc NYPIRG disartrtarttertt group meets every Thursday
at 5:30 p.m. in the NYPIRG office.

The movie was discttssed itt several classes on catttptts.
artd a channel 13 ttews team taped a in a U.S.-Sovict rela-
tions honors seminar.

“it's irttportatrt to know what the effects of ttttclear
weapons are. bttt the problctrt is that you don‘t want to
base your dccisiott making on ctttotiortalisrrt because there's
no easy answer." cotttetrded l€d Reincs. a student iii the
class.

SUNYA professors c\prcsscd a variety of reactions.
ranging frortt pra‘ 'ug the movie for raising some important
questions to critici/ing the ntovtc is a "pointless horror
show."

llistor y professor l)ona|tl llirn said tlte rttovie "serves the
function of a crystal ball because we cart see what people in
earlier wars could rtot see." which is the itttpact of a war

   

“I expect that it
raised the general
- ' 1“ N  .,
jlet'i'el of awarenessio _
infill)be Campus. It’ll be
 giNUI'As Luau  ‘ ."_,t-  
"‘"'~‘3‘.0~Jmsg\aater, to speak" '
\ st,“  -t- (‘:.‘¢f
t0 clgsses'on this
. i.‘  ”

—I’au/ Herrick

 

before it ltappctts.

lie said lte saw “very littleovcrt propagandiling“ in tire
movie.

Ricitard Kendall. also a history professor at SUNYA.
disagreed with Ilirrr.

Kendall said the movie was “leftist unilateral disarma-
tncnt propoganda." He didn't watch the movie. he sttid.
“because cter since I was a kid I never liked horror
mosies." llte urot ic. lte explained. was writtert by someone
with leftist rrtotites arid aired by people whose only interest
was to rttakc money.

it was unnecessary. lre said. becattsc jttst about
ctctybody already helietcs that nuclear war would be the
end.

“It was the underside of libcralistrt and the underside of
capitalism cornitte toeclitct to give you a pointless exercise

'12»

Professors challenge SUN YA system of tenure

 

By Jim O'Sttllivuu
rmrrrlrL-tl ASSISTANT

 

In a dramatic condemnation of SUNYA’s tertttre and
promotion system. English professor Myron Taylor lras
charged that professors are promoted not for their teaclting
skills but for their research abilities.

Several professors have challenged Taylor's charges and
both the University President and the Vice President for
Academic Affairs have defended the system against the
allegations.

 

English professor Myron Taylor
Enraged over SUN YA tenure policy.

 

Taylor said that lie was rttttkirtg ltis charges ptrblic itt light
of the cttrrettt debate ttttd public concern over education ill
the United States.

“if there's arty place in America where the contempt for
teaching is absolutely pronounced and strident it's itt the
university. and nowitcrc is that more true titan here" at
SUNYA. he said.

Taylor made his most seriotts charges against the tertttre
and promotion process.

The only way to get promoted. asserted Taylor, is to get
good evaluations from peers outside the community.; "At
every single level letters tnttst be solicited front outside
cvalttators... who know notlting about the icaclring.
nothing about local responsibilities" of the person being
cvalttatcd.

In order to get good evaluations. you mttst make a name
for yourself in your field. and this. Taylor believes. leads to
teachers ignoring their responsibilities to their students.

Addressing Talyor's charges. SUNYA Vice President for
Academic Affairs Ramaley said that "for a wltile we
overstated research because we were growing into a Univer-
sity from a teacher's college... pcoplc overestimated attd
overcmphasircd scholarship in order to get us staffed irt a
way which seemed to fit ottr new mold."

She said the institution is maturing. and research artd
education were becoming equally emphasized, bttt that
tenttrc and promotion should trot be granted unless original
research or scholarship had been made by a teaciter. This
comes with being a part of a University eerttcr. site explain-
ed.

Taylor maintained. “Within the system everything is
dorte to encourage you to ignore all of your local respon-
sibilities in order to make sure you get a name" in your
field. Taylor talked about his owrt experience. “like every

other person conting through the mill l was told essentially

to do just exactly that."

“I couldn‘t get it (tettttrc) now. I wouldn‘t have tl‘.
slightest chance." Taylor said. Rarnalcy declared that
“SUNYA's mission is research ttttd teaching " and the two
are “inseparany linked.“

She said that tenure artd promotion decisions are made
tltrottglt guidelines developed by the University Senate.
which cart then be accepted or modified by the President.
who rttttst also take into account ttnion contracts and the
policies of the SUNY Board of Trustees. These are for-
mulated together and after the President's approval. given
to the Vice President for Academic Affairs for implementa-
tion.

Tire Guidelines for the Preparation of Recommendations
for Promotion and Continuing Appointment for 1983-84
define scholarship as “original scholarly contributions or
artistic works which constitute significant advances or ma-
jor contributions to the individual's discipline and which
serve as a basis for major professional awards or distinc-
tions in the discipline."

The Guidelines. which Ramaiey called a "cookbook"
because they tell exactly how to evaluate a applicant. also
said that “Scholarship and teaching will not be traded off.
one against the other. Excellence in one area will not corn-
pensate for deficiency in another."

Taylor explained how a 1974 SUNYA Select Committee
on Educational Priorities was. he believes. a major factor
in giving research such weight itt tenure decisions. Tltat
cornntittce was chaired by the current University President.
Vincent O'Leary.

“While this particular contmittec deﬁned University
priorities. there was rtot one undergraduate teacher on it.
ttor anyone concerned with undergraduate education.“
Taylor charged.

He went on to say that the document written by the corn-
rnittee sttid. irt effect. that “Undergraduate education will

i8>

 

 

 

 

