 

    

 

6a ASPEGSWOUOBER '21, 1933

 

" s The Bombs

e said to me.
H He said the bombs exploded
quickly. Before he knew what they
were. next to him and around him like they
were just for him. they exploded.

Daniel Barth

___,_______...___.c,____,_.
Enormous blasts of noise. white riot noise

'screaming anger and leftist hatred. burst like.

an earthquake that shook the building arid
split tlte foundation. lit one millisecond the
stress had been released. the energy
dissipated. and all that was left was nothing,

He saw nothing The glass ltad blinded
him. the splinters stung him and before he
saw anything there was nothing to see The
building fell aroutrd ltittr. like it fell just fltl
hlm Beside filth and behind him crushed the
plaster and paint, century-old stone The
beams sank like toppled soldiers, The dust
rose: and fell It powdered the live man
(dead).

I lowered his head and i libskt'tl my chest
l'm Sorry. lgot up and wrrlkoil away

A titan had a bomb. flit'atit'tl in jeans arid
a hat and oversized cont be lifted the bomb
from his coat arid fastened it to the bathroom
sink On the bottom. four others dltl the
same. The ltl'tltii‘li police hadn't been warn-
ed. tro one claimed responsibility

Arid no one was alive.

The man had to visit Europe. He was forty
years old and had never been to Europe. His
wife was dead. He was an early widower
who never made it there for their honey-
moon. With oire mouth to feed atrd only a
dog to mind. the back vacation time was
perfect for a nice vacation. Just fine.

France was as good a place as any to start.
His older son told him the ins and outs of
Europe trawl and even convinced him to do
it by train. France. his son warned. was a bit
uniiiendly to him. l'm not a longhaired
teenager with a backpack who looks like a
terrorist. for heaven's sake. l‘ll be fine. l'll go
to Paris. see the sites. the restaurants. the
streets and people. l'll visit the Louvre with
all those beautiful paintings. Oh. I‘ll see the
Louvre.

The plane ride was a first; that Is. except
for the DC. shuttle to visit his sick mother.
She had since died. The plane was enor-
mous. It had ten seats across and countless
up and down. He traveled tourist and had a

Mirror

er hands hesitated as she went to

shut the light. As tired as she was.

she couldn't let herself go to sleep.
not yet. Maybe I'll sew that button on
now. . .or maybe l'll finish the crossword
puzzle. Musn't leave things undone. Utt-
finished business is a sign of weakness. in-
adequacy. They'll think you're incompetent.
immature. They'll know, She reached for the
creaseless copy of The New York Times and
began to read about Kissinger.

Gail Merrell

The much abused alarm clock went off a
half hour earlier. and had been silenced by
an absent-minded hand. Suddenly. the
band's owner jumped up. narrowly escaping
a one-eyed monster. Wiping the startled
look off of her face she focused on the bold
black numbers that read 6:55 Lute again.
The bus would be here itr twenty minutes.
Got to rush. Remember the routine
llathrootn first. Pee while brushing teeth ‘
wash hands and wet hair. Get dressed. put
on make-up. Turn off radio. Grab books
and a bagel for lunch. Coffee — do i have
time for coffee? No. oh God —— a flash of
yellow shoots past the living roonr window.
Run. you asshole, Aah. . made it.

On no. not again. These things always
happened to her. “Gay-lee!" — stamp.
stamp -— “Gay-feel" -— stamp. stamp. It's
that bastard John Mandell. He always
started that chant. Then came the chorus.
the whole overcrowded bus full of them.
Their ugly. gruffy morning faces delighting [it
her misery. “Hey. nose-able. . ." Whatever
happened to bus monitors?

Route (r cruised leisr‘trely along the empty

 

carbon copy streets. As usual. it was the last



 

“v . ~... . . J.

 

i

Between The Line-

EXplo

 

(16“

t

      

 I... .‘. .1. .

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

“Bierce.” by Thom O' Connor

glass of wine. Not bad. The movie was good
though the food was a bit tasteles. And the
ﬂight was surprisingly short. He slept after
the movie ended and woke up four hours
later to the sun rising into his cabin window.

The worlJ had fallen. Ended. He lay
beneath ".re rubble and raining debris. His
mind r itlapsed into his heart. Hts lungs filled
with ground plaster. lt powdered the live
man (dead).

I heard the explosion down the block. I felt
it. The bombs vibrated in my stomach. l felt It
fall. l ran to the Louvre. The beautiful.
gothlc. Louvre Museum. I cried down the
street. l cried over the plaza. l cried toward
the site. through the crowd. to the dead.
There must be dead.

We'll need you. the officer shouted. You

irror

 

Photo by Gary Gold

are a priest? i am. yes.

The bodies were pulled out. My faith was
tested. demanded, forced. And I begged for
life. it isn't right. I shouted to the rising
smoke. delivering the last rites. it isn't right.

He was lying deep in the waste. He was
dead. As l turned. the man awoke. He sput<
tered and coughed. He lifted a bloody hand
and 1 held it. He couldn't move. His left arm
was buried beneath rubble. his legs were on-
ly thighs. As i propped up is head he
squeaked and spoke.

He ’said the bombs exploded quickly.
Before he knew what they were. next to him
and around him like they were just for him“
they exploded.

He spoke and spoke to explain himself.
Before he died. To explain himself.

 

\

 

to the lockers. Movel They're out in god-
damn left field. iir the English Wing. Robby is
there with Mike. closing his door, "Gail. we
wotild've waited. but we wanted to catch the
earlier bus. Didn't you hear me knock on
your door?" Of course i didn’t or l would've
said something “What time'd you get up.
anyway w 7:00 a.m.?" No. earlier than
that Really now. Rob. "Well. at least you
didit'l have to walk again w Mike. did you
know she liadda walk yesterday? It took her
45 nilnutesl What a clod. See you later.
Cloddy." What an affectionate little child.
firings tears to my eyes.

She attacked the lock atid proceeded to
give it the wrong combination. three times
Successful on her fourth try. she yanked the
door open. barely missitrg her nose. Where
is my chemistry book? Where is my pen?
lOK. we're outta here.

school bus to pull into the lOOp.'Qule —~ run"

 

Mr. Royal. one of John F. Kennedy High
School's few respected teachers. has a well-
eartred reputation for sarcastic remarks. She
hates coming irt late because it just gives
Royal btiit for his nrotitlrtrap. Fortunately she
finds Jon and Joe on their way to class. and
the three walk fit together. “Don‘t tell me —
the bus was late again —— right kids?" That
wasn't so bad Royal is pretty easy on time
and Jon — chemistry brown-nosing and
trivia a specialty. Just stand behind them and
maybe he won't notice. . ."Gail. what's your
bus number? Don't you ever make corn-
plaints? Wiratsu matter. afraid to say
something to the big bad bus driver?" Well,
tili. like we're route f). arid see rriotn called
the other day and we get a new driver every
other week. and tilt. yeah.

Bastard! She wiped the sweat from he
brow and sat dowrt irext iolLyntt. behitit‘i’l

Karen and Adam. They never ttilk'ed to her

 

 

Courtesy of the University Gallery

When his tongue swelled he couldn't talk.
He whispered. then gurgled. then couldn't
talk. His eyes closed and i watched them
close.

His eyes closed into himself. turned about
and examined himself. He saw his mangled
body. inside. his battered spirit. He saw a
glow within him. a fiery frenzied halo behind
his staring eyes. He searched for answers.
And the glow erupted into his mind. it raged
and scorched. drank his consciousness and
emptied his pain. And then a tingling feeling
came. White snowﬂakes sprinkled numbness
on his beaten ﬂesh. lt sedated the man.
relieved the man. It powdered the live man
dead.

I lowered his hand and crossed my chest.
l'm Sorry. l got up and walked away. El

itr class. Always so cutesy together. Maybe
l'm just not as pretty as Karen. Why do they
all think she's so cute anyway? Christ —
there's wet sweat utrder my arms — only up
for an hour and already 1 have laundry.
Mom will just love this.

Her mind fills with ideas while reading the
Bible in English Lit. The ideas are never
seriously entertained. though. because coit-
trary to their promises. English teachers are
not particularly fond of any opinions other
than tltelr own. "Merrell. that answer was
not only insipid atrd witnperitrg. but
preposterous as well. Clearly your mental
capacity is suffering from the great wetglrt of
your verbal atrocities. . ."

Mr. Mann. aka the "frustrated actor."
strikes again. Moving through the hallways.
a band plays lit her head helping to block out
her thoughts in the pre-walkttian days. An
uneventful bus ride borne leads inevitably to
a self-indulgent rendez-vous with the
refrigerator. Oh. ltl. Ma. Me. eating? No. just
got a drink; No. I won't be full for dinner. l'm
going over to Karen's later to watch
SOAP. . .Olr you Won? You shoulda been a
tennis pro.

The nilrror. Always the nrit'ror. Absent»
mindedly pulling then tiiggiirg at scabs. she
digs deeps scars to remind herself who she
is. The joke. She bites her trails too low; red
pools smear her white shirt. pieces of skin
are fluitg into the air. She moves closer to
the mirror. only slightly aware of the ear»
tearing music that keeps away would-be
Visitors. Leaning oti tip<tires she examine:
her pores and wonders what she's good at.
Singing iii a band? Movies? ('Ioirtniercitrls?

But for now. mirror star Escape through

the looking glass. where there's no one to
int ti. i.'.i  .. /. w rm. : .loli

touch you.

i
l

  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  

OCTOBER 21, 1983—

 

Boolc Ends

 

ASPECTS 7a

 

Depravity In The Poet’s Eyes

‘amlng: ls unrelieved vulgarity
your cup of tea? Do you delight itt
predictable inelegance? if so. this

book Is not for you."

David L.L. Laskin

Such is the Invitation greeting the reader
on the inside jacket of it‘s me. Eddy. by Ed-
ward leonov. This "fictonal memoir" re-
counts the tragedy and ecstacy of a happily
married reknowned Russian poet turned
New York welfare burn. The vulgarity atrd
Inelegance are Indeed unrelteved. yet they
are anything but predictable.

in his search for love and security in the
Western world. “little Edchika" plunges the
depths of personal atrd societal depravity. in
adolescence a hoodlum and Streetwise
' 'Junk. he became a radical Soviet intellectual
arid poet. inspired by the calls of Saklrarov
aitd Solzettltclten. lie ascended to the
Wonderful West to tight the evils of the
Soviet regime. Now his I inie is it sleezy.
cramped. neglected welfare hotcl. inhabited
the various denizens of failure and
nothingness who romprise this nonexr
istence. which runs below the currents of the
.ordinary lti New York liddie truitted his

 

G
c

\

  
  
 
  
  

 
 

 

 

.
i“ esus asked the man his name. and
' he replied ‘Legion, for we are

 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
  

g real clttitzpah. As the aging .lewisltdetective

' the best part of the book.

' copes with such obstacles as a visiting

-' homeland armed not only with idealism. but
with the passionate love of Iris beautiful wife
.ena. Drawn by the riches of Western
hedonistn. Elena pursues a bevy of male and
female lovers. driving Eddie inwards to the
depths of his tormented psyche. and out-
wards to the streets of the city and .i most
despicable search for gratification.

As the novel opens. we discover litldie iii
the throes of his "six month slide itrto
tragedy." catalyzed by Elena's betrayal. Yet
there Is more to his acrid rantings atrd
depraved meanderings than the self-
indulgent bitterness of betrayed love. As a
Soviet emigre. and a truly poetic spirit. lit
dle’s tragic slide into the murky Western mire
is unique. and downright extraordlntrry.

‘5 Many of Eddie's compatriots are fellow
Soviets. artists arid intellectuals who rode the
wave of a dream across the Atlantic. only to
find themselves immersed in a nightmare of

H failure and frustration. They expected to be

' embraced by the West as heroic anti-Soviets.

-'.'hailed as bastions of human intellect and

'hcreativity in a repressive. monolithic regime.

"People accepted me (in Russia)." explains

Eddie. "but the state did not. They came

many '

Legion. the latest offering frotrr William l’etet
Bli'ttty. is a solid book. Wt’ll'WIlllL'ti.‘
smoothly plotted. and containing one or two
twists and surprises. lilaity's
ltemidetnisetnisetiuel to The [Exorcist is litre
crafttttattslrip. if little else. The work even
contains it fascinating treatise oti the nature
of evil. along with it shocker of it theory on
wiry a supposedly good (‘iod allows it to ex
ist. So wiry is it. with all these things going
for it. that Legion fails to impress me .i». being
ll \tL’i'y guild litttrk'J

John Keenan

It certainly isn't the fault of lilatty's main
. Character. lilll Knideimrin. a tiii'nsi‘h with

who cannot help lritt wonder why all the
atrocities he's seen throughout his i‘iltUt’t are
permitted to take place. Klnrlertnnn is easily
/\ familiar
i character to old Exorcist fairs. Kinderman
leaves a trail of goyim behind him. as he

mother-in-law and a huge carp fit his
bathtub. in his pursuit of the Gemini killer.
an insane murderer who it was thought died
12 years before (on the very day. for any Ex~
orcist readers. that Father Damien Katras
dove out of the window of a little girl named
Rags room. where he was exercising a

looking for justice and found only another
regime — another mafia. as Eddie calls it.
The cult of business. materialism and
marketing oppressed and thwarted them just
as the Soviet state had. in Russia Eddie and
his peers refused to succumb to the system.
and they were celebrated In America. In
America they refused to succumb to the
system. and they were driven to the bottom
of the barrel. At least iii Russia. Eddie
laments. the system recognizes the power
and uniqueness of the artist and fears it. In
this cnutttry. art is contaminated by the
bourgeois demands of the capitalistic system
atid rendered veritany impotent. So Eddie
and his friends hang on the edge. scraping
by on welfare. unemployment. and occas-
siottal odd jobs. waiting for sortie chance to

 

together?) ()ltl fairs will also it't‘tiijlilll’ Father
Dyer from lilrrtty's earlier \vork. Although
he father is only used iii it minor role (iti-
dced, he doesn't appear lit the latter half of
lllL' book at illl) he adds a great deal to the
work. It is Kinderman. however. who is the
most absorbing character in llll' hook.

it is also liindetmitn. unfortunately. who
becomes the major Blatty's
theological musings. and it is the amount of
time spent on these musings which helps
make the novel ultttrrati'ly disappointing.
Although lilatty's work is totally professional.
the book fails to hold the readers attention as
well its most of his other irovr'ls. Sadly.
l\'ttrtletmiiti is allowed to be t‘ttttsltltlllV
diverted from finding lllt' killer by his own
feelings ill futility. and this leads to an lllitl"
tlhiatr' amount of soul seiri't'liiltg that
becomes ultimately boring The theory has
literary merit. certainly. iii that it is original
and thought provoking However. lllatty
oveiplays the philosophy for what is basicirle
ly ti litttt'ttl story

Kiridet'tnan's theory. which won't be
divulged here. is an interesting one. attd the
{revelation of it makes it fine epilogue for the
book. However. all the coy lritrrling Kinder»
'ntan engages itr seems a bit out of character.
and the discussion of various theories. wltile
tlrouglit‘provoklng. slows the pace of the
novel a good deal. Doubly annoying was
the presence of the neurologist Amfortas- a
character one at first suspects of being of ma-
jor importance. he ultimately becomes little
more than a device by which Blatty is able to
further explain his theory.

\liiit't' of

 

see their dream of artistic freedom come
true.

America's pedantic liedonism has not only
stifled and rejected Eddie's art. but it lured
his wife away. leaving him to wallow ttr
psycho-sexual torment. Strangling and rap-
ing Elena. masturbating to images of her
making love with other men and wearing her
soiled panties are only a few of the
manifestations of Eddie's pain. As the pain
begins to fade arid the tragic slide bottoms
out. Eddie finds himself desperately iir need
of love and acceptance 7— to be worshipped
in the way he once worshipped Elena. This
need propels hint itito making love iii a city
sandbox late one night with a strange black
man he chances upon there. For a moment

 

 

 

demon. See how snugly this all begins to fit

he falls in love with this man. and swears to

Meanwhile. while etrineshing his
characters in all sorts of ruminations on the
nature of God and Satan. Blatty appears to
have forgotten one of the most elementary
rules of story-telling...avoidlng deiis ex
machine.

Although Blatty's reluctance to write
another exorcism scene seems understan-
dable and even commendable. the reader
finds himself wislrltrg Blatty could have
found a more palatable ending than the
quick out he eventually uses.

.ru Mustangs“:  i. w  v» -

,hlm eternal affection and loyalty. Yet the
next morning. Eddie brushes the sand off his
tattered self. and rejoins his quest on the
|streets of New York.

A good part of the novel covers Eddie's
jsexual exploits. both with men and women.
.lrom "the lowest man in the world." a
homeless black bum to whom Eddie
.becomes a slave on the streets for a night. to
:a Jewish American “phillstlne.” who is so
:caught up in the neurotic mediocrity of her
society that she can neither know nor attain
the heights of passion that Eddie needs to
soothe his pain.

As graphic and upsetting as these scenes
,are. they are not obcene. There is something
.in Eddie's character. something extraor-
dinarily honest and human. which elevates
his experiences above the self-serving irr-
'dulgences of an individual who's gotten a
bum rap. What is truly disturbing about It's
Me. Eddie Is not the vulgar language. fre-
quent and perverse sexuality. or seating in-
dlcments of bourgeoise Western society. but
the character of Eddie from whence they are
born. Eddie is a trtie poet. a pure. radical
tsplrit. whose criticism is matched by his sen»
Isitivlty. l‘le views the. world with both terriftt‘
anger and sadness. lashing out at those
tragic and ridiculous weaknesses and am-
biguittes which infect the very fabric of
human existence lidtly calls for revolution.
total revolution. ltr plate iifour lying. t orrupl
world Eddie offers himself. the insticlttal and
.pontaneous embodiment of the human
spirit. And this is how we find iritrr at the end
of the novel. offerirrg himself to the pave-
ntent five stories below. Eddie leaves his au-
dience guessing. yet one must believe that to
jump would be to betray iris extraordinary
poetic spirit. leaving the mysteries of being to
be perverted and compromised by the
pedants of the world.

The ending of the narrative is superbly ap
propriate. for it forces a reaction out of the
reader. if one is sensitive and open-minded.
It's Me. Eddie is a provocative. yet insightful
look into the kind of world we choose to live
in. on both societal and individual levels. For
the less progressive. the novel will seem a
vulgar. unnecessary exposition of the
ugliness that should be eliminated itr our
lives. What they will not recognize is that the
ugliness is witlrttr all of us. arid that the beauv
ty is not within their ideals of perfection. btit
within the passionate embodiment of human
life and spirit that is Eddie. l

 

 

eretr describing Legion. the word that irr‘
variany comes to mind is slick. Legion is a
well written. well packaged. well merchan-
dised piece of storytelling with all the ends
tucked neatly in. but it hardly seems to be the
work of the major novelist Blatty is supposed

to be. The difference between good writing
and good storytelling is rarely more apparent
than It was with Legion. which. even for the
price of a paperback. may be “many.” but
certainly wasn't much. [3

 

 

