 

4 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS El APRIL 22. 1983

 

 

 
 

Open Seven Days A Week
Phone 454-6854

 

Corner of Clinton And Quail
Home of Pelican Power

 

Attitude Adjustment Hour
Mom-Fri. 4-7

SI‘IUFFLEBOARD
IMMEDIATE SPORTS RESULTS

 

Food Served 'till 3:50

 

 

TAKE OUT AVAILABLE

 

Mon. $2.00 PITCHERS -
REAL BUFFALO SnglszE

CHICKEN WINGS $1.95

$3.50
LADIES NIGHT 9-12

ladies drink half price

REAL MAN’S NIGHT

no quiche here but
$2.00 pitchers 9-12

Thurs. CHICKEN WINGS 9-12$1.95
$3.50
BAR LIQUOR TWOFER $1.50

2 for 1 4-7and9.12

Sun. BLOODIES-A-BUCK 16. 02.
$195 CHICKEN WINGS $350

Tues.

Wed.

Fri.

 

 

ARIES

NOBLE

will be closed

for inventory
Friday

 

  
    

 

April 29th.

 

vvvvvvvv¢¢¢¢vvvvw

1
1
1
1
1

Leaving for the summer? Graduatin 7 Let A '
Student Moving handle all your endgof semesri'iaerncan
moving and storage hassles. American Student
Moving provides three comprehensive services
232i ned to meet all student moving and storage

5:

Door To Door Movln!

For as little $25, American Student Moving will
{30;gauyour belongings from yorltr school residence
summer or permanent ocatlon a
the five boroughs of New York City, Wesiiiitt‘gfgfe in
and Rockiand Counties in New York; anywhere on
Long island; Fairfieid County in Connecticut; the
Boston area in Massachusetts and Bergen. Passaic
Essex and Morris Counties in New Jersey. I

CALL 434-6655
434-6656

 

IO...OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO#:5: ¢ A ‘ A A

I A‘tERIC
: S'fUDIENAN
I MCVING- 

On May 21.“ do on k
where your furnitzre wI'I‘rge 2’

¢v¢¢¢ooooooo¢¢$

ICC No. 166582

me

For as “me as $20. American Student Moving

 

mgwtck up your belongings at your (loot.storo
“ 0‘" Secure. insured warehouse and on ono

d ' .
dig galfnce return them to your new residence 111

Moving and More“ [or Graduating Students.

l
[81:13:63th within our service area? American
trans 0 t ﬁving will pick up your belongingS.
waretp r t em to our New York or Boston
ouse. store them for as long as you like.

and on one da '
S notl . .
residence. y ce deliver them to your tit.W

FULLY INSURED
Ice No. [66562

‘vooo .
09009900090009...00.09000“

 

 

APRIL 22, 1983 El ALBANY STUDENTPRESS 5

SakharOv’s life and vieWs On USSR described

 

By Steve Foxx
5 I'ril"I-‘ WRITER

 

The step-daughter of dissident Soviet
nuclear physicist Andrei Sakharov. Tatiana
Yankclevich. asserted titat her internally exil-
ed father believes the West must "apply
pressure to make the Soviets pay attention to
international agreements." during a forum
Thursday night in LC 5.

Speaking with her husband Efrem
Yankelevlch. Tatiana called Sakharov an

avid human rights advocate.

Efrem Yankelevich. speaking in Russian
and being translated by his wife, said that
repression and persecution is practiced in
almost every facet of Soviet society.
Dissidents. such as Sakharov. said Efrem.
“are punished and declared mentally insane
for saying sane statements." "Dissidents
don't have the support they deserve within
the Soviet Union because it Is too dangerous
to express support." Efrem declared. He ad-
ded that a peace and disarmament group

A,“ "

... -
m: REEL. “'

 

  

Tatiana and Efrem Yankelevlch express facets oi Soviet society.
"Until/cuts rlmt '/ Imve l/It' .ru/i/mrt they t/t‘.\'t‘f\'t'...IIt‘t‘tlll.\(' it '.\' tori t/mmi'hm. "w

within the Soviet Union is being cruelly
persecuted for its beliefs.

Sakharov. known as the father of the
thermo-nuclear bomb. is now exiled within
Russia because "he knows too much about
Soviet atomic weaponry." Efrem said.
Sakharov is also a member of the Soviet
Union‘s Academy of Sciences and was a l97S
Nobel Peace Prize winner.

Efrem said that because of the nature of
the Soviet system and distrust of the Soviet

 

 

LISA SIMMONS UPS

 

:and devotion to

 

 

By Mike I‘uublel)

xI.-tll ll’ItIII-It

 

Declaring that "each (icrman has n
responsibility to remember the Holocaust."
Nari hunter lictttc Klnrsfcld. who was in-
strumental in the extradition of Klaus liar-
bie to France. spokc on her years of strug-
gle at an hour-long inlk Tuesday night.
Klnrsfcld. tr IIOII‘JL‘WISII (icrmtm. who
has been bringing Nazi's to justice for the
past sixteen years declared that. “This
rcspottsibllity includes supporting Israel
and fighting the pcrscctttion of .Icws. Only
when we recover our ruoral rcpntutlon. will
we (Germany) tnkc ottr place among the
world's leading notions.“ she added.

1 Klarsfcld said site works alone in tnost
Icases and has pursued Nazi’s in Germany
.md South America. Most rcccntly. she was
involved in bringing to justice the nttut who

thousands of Jewish cltildrcn to the concen-
trtttion camp at Auschwitz. Klaus Bttrlnc.

Vsaato Klaraleld

[Ir/rigs Nuzlx to justice.

 

 

was responsible for the deportation of

Site said that site decided to take ttction in
.tltc Barbie case after finding lIlttl cvidcncc

‘ ‘ V I t .
... .
rawva  . "erwm‘

 

ED MARUBBICN UPI}

Nazi hunter relates her struggle

seeking justice

of his living in In I’ur. Bolivitt was known
to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in
I’tancc. but that no effort was made to ex-
traditc him and bring him to trial. She add-
ed that her attempts since then to get Barbie
extradited werc futile until. “last year when
the ‘(‘ommunist'Mitterand came to power
itt lirtmcc. then I was finally able to per-
suttdc the French govcrntncnt to extradite
Iittrbic." Barbie is now on trial charged
with signing zt tclcgrrun that condemned 4i
lr‘rench children to deportation to concan
tintion camp during World War II. she
said.

The Nazi ltrrntcr said she began her work
it Who when she made several verbal and
whysical attacks on the then German
Chancellor. Kurt Kicsingcr. art avowed
Nari sympttthlzcr. “l mobilized youth
groups in Germany against Kiesingcr. and
eventually contributed to his replacement
by the tutti-fascist Willi Brandt." she udd-
cd. Since then Klarsfeld said site has been
jailed several titncs. and has been the target
of terrorist attacks because of her
'itilllclllllCS vchcmcnt attacks upon govern-
tncnts‘ who harbor Nazi criminals.

“i am pushed by the importance of my
job. and there is no one to continttc my
work." Klat'sl'cld explained. She added
that. "while tltc Nazi's ltuvc bcctt subdued.
lllL' l‘l.() is the ttttntbcr one proponent of
anti—Jewish terrorism. “Because of the
prevailing, worldwide unti-scmitism, .Icws
must remain vigilant against it. put pressure
on lenders to protect .chs and prcvcttl .chs
frotn tthttrtdotting Isrrtcl ttttd tltcir .lcwish
.dcntily." site said.

With hct' ltusbnnd Serge. n l-‘rcnch ,lcw
turd holocaust victitn. Klnrsl'cld said site
runs the Klnrst'cld l-‘otmdution. Included iii
the l’oundtttlon's work is documenting turd
publishing information to dispute so-cullcd
Rcvisionist Historittns who claim the
Holocaust never took place.

Kltn'st'cld suid tluu she and her husband.
who live in France, are also active in forcing
localities to forbid tucctings of NCO-Null
groups.

The address was held In the Campus
Center bnllroom anti was ctr-sponsored by
tile .Icwish Students Cottlition-l-lillcl and
the Bcvisionlst Zionist Altcrtuttlvc. II

By Chris Thomas
.S'I'rll'l II’Nlllz‘R

The Dcpttrtmcnt of Anthropology at
{SUNYA has been ranked number one in
.“scholttrly productivity" in the most recent
National Academy of Science survey of
graduate programs.

The survey. a nationwide sttrdy of over
$000 graduate progrtttns which is bttscd on 15
criteria including scholarly activity. faculty
sire. and faculty quality. placed Albany's
department above such traditionally
recognized programs at Harvard. Columbia.
UCLA. UC at Berkely. and Penn. for
percentage of faculty publications.
According to anthropology professor
Dean Snow. the department's output level
received the high rating. “bccttusc we‘vc
hired a bunch of workttltolics who are doing
what they love to do. There are no signs of
slowing up." he added.

According to department chairman Gary
Wright. the department is presently focusing
its attention on Mcso and Central America as
Well its the Northeastern United States. Mcso
lcultures include the Mayan and other Latin
Indian groups. Professor Robert Cormack.
for example. said Wright. is now conducting
field work in Cltiapus. Mexico in conjunction
with that urctt’s Mayan Indian population.
Five graduates and five undcrgrtuluntc
students are taking fivc courses and lcnrnlng
pthnology firsthand in order to retain full

taught by ('urmuck. Wright said.
univcrsily clttims ninc experts. said Wright.

sotnc of thctn also Northcuslcrn cxpcrts. thus
making it the largest such stuff in the tuition.

turd linguistics.

professor Lyle Campbell. Mttritmne Mitlumt

Amcrictm ludittn culture or

"unlikely considering projected
llrultutlons."

 

time student status while in Mexico. All are

In the Mcso American department the

'l‘hcy spcciulilc in ethnology. archaeology

Wright prttiscd his department’s tucmbcrs.
noting the “first class" linguistics work of

and Wallace Chufc, tltc latter two ltcld joint-
ly with U(‘ Ilcrkcly. Wright explained he
would like to obtain an expert in the field of
linguistics.
however. he conceded that this would be
budget

The NAS survey will aid the dcpartruent on
acquiring tltc grants needed to fund its field
work. sttld Wright. Curmrtck‘s Chlapos pro-
ject has been granted $70,000 by the Ntlllotltll

press. “it is hard for people within the Soviet
Union to draw any conclusions on the
nuclear peace movement. or the dissident
movement." The ideology of the governemnt
today. Efrem said. is a variation of Marxist
ideology. “it is a more nationalistic ideology
in which priority is given to preservation of
the status quo. and keeping power in the
hands of the governors." he added.

The combination of the people wanting a
strong leadership to figltt corruption. and the
state wanting to have a monopoly over all ac-
tivltics. Efrem said. “makes it doubtful for
peace movements to be successful within the
Soviet Union." He added that because ofthc
mentality of the Soviet leaders. they
belicvc“thcy are surrounded by enemies and
must defend themselves." There is a very
“fragile hope" for an end to tile nuclear
arms race. he contended.

iifrcm added that lie does not think that
thc cnrrcttt leader Yuri Andropov will lust
long ltccttnsc "the btrtcttcracy docs not like
strong lenders." The new generation of
leaders within Russian politics strid iiftcm,
“will be more dangerous. more crucl and
merciless. because tltcy have no illusions."

When thkctl if he thought Saklunov \vt 'tld
lctnc the Soviet Union. if he was able to
tomorrow. lifrcm said that he would. “He
would leave so llltll he could lead it normal
life. in cxilc his life and his work :nc without
pctspcctivc." ltc :Iddcd.

“Soviet dissidents will continue to fight for
human rights cvctywhct'c." lil'tcm slrcsscd.
l‘ltc forum was sponsored by the Political
Science dcptntmcnt itt conjunction with tile
(ituduulc School for Public Al'fttits. and was
modcrtttcd by Political Science l'tofcssor
.Inttclttcck. l 1

Anthropology ranked first

[Endowment for the Humanities. which will
fund the project through December of 1984.

Recent gains in the department have been
tnttdc, suid Snow. most notably the develop-
ment of a greater spatial base for grtldutllc
laboratories on the downtowtt campus which
has also provided stttdcnts needed space for
storage and experimentation.

Kim “organ of Anchorage. Alaska. one of
65 graduate students in the anthropology
department. noted its excellent quantitative
computer classes as opposed to other
schools‘ programs. which he said often incor-
portllc such courses irtto statistics programs.
l-largan added that he felt the department
was not weakened despite its heavy rcscttrch
orientation.

Graduates of the department have been
placed in business. fcdcral and state govern-
ment. and on the faculties of universities
such as Ballot and Harvard. Snow attributed
successful placement to the fact that “people
who graduate from here are damn good!"

First place ranking by such a prestigious
organization. said Snow will help the depart-
tncnt of anthropology. established separate-
ly from Social Sciences in 1970. gain greater
credibility in academic circles as well as with
underwriters ofacadcmic endeavors. r r

WARREN BTOUT UPS

' Chalr_9_a wu ht g
Pro/ml Iris department mwntu'rs

 

conﬂumw

 

