  

 

.- ‘9‘“v»

: cv’_‘-VP"

W4...-

MHOM'UMID

'U)

R

i
9
8

  
 

  
 

10a bound & vision

I ‘ '

Andy Chrroll: Chronicle ,Of

hatever you do. don't let English
'446. "Modern Novel." or any
other literature course be your in--

troduction to Gabriel Garcia Marquez: l
have seen the best minds of my generation
destroyed by required reading. One Hunv
dred Years 0/ Soilttude is not a book to be
skimmed. nor to be plowed through during
the harrowing 24 hours of reading day. it
amounts to something like a sacrtlege. in
fact. if you find yourself reacirtng for the
Cliff Notes. The saga of the Colombian
village of Macondo and its family Buendia
is a book to be savored. to be tasted like a
foreign delicacy. to be enjoyed like air
ocean voyage. a book to be approached iii
the same way tlrai you rrriglrt The Thorn?
Birds or the latest by James Mtchener. if
you aren't prepared to check your mind at
the library door

Garcia Marque; is. of course. the 1082
Nobel Prize winner for literature arid the
leader of what is being called a renaissance
iii Latin American writing v a creative
boorrr that includes the work of Argenti-
nians Jorge Luis Borges. Julio Cortazar.
and Luisa Valenzuela; Mexicans Octavio
Paz and Carlos Fuentes; Chile's Jose
Donoso and Peru's Mario Vargas Llosa.
Like One Hundred Years 0/ Solitude. it is a
literature both epic arid intimate. realistic
and fantastic. wrldly comic while remaining
deadly serious. And like Garcia Marquez
hirrrself. who was borrt and educated in
Colombia. wiro worked in Europe. and
who emigrated to Mexico. it is a literature
which kirows no borders. speaking the
language and reflectiirg the concerns of an
entire continent.
Garcia Marquez. began his writing career
in ioirrnalism. arid returns to many 'of Its
techniques in Chronicle o] o Death
l-‘orctold. The fictiort is based on fact. with
Garcia usrng as basis for his story a thirty-
year‘old murder of an acquaintance. an act
of Violence perpetrated by a pair of
brothers to avenge the dellowerirrg of their
sister in the novel. Garcia inserts himself
as both narrator and character. returning to
the Village (in reality Sucre. a town of Col-
oiirbia's Carribbeait coast) 27 years alter
the murder to interview anyone who had
knowledge of the crime

'l'hat “anyone” converts into everyone in

tidy Grant is .r 'lt'r year old
E singer .origwriter whose career

has been pheriotrienal among
reggae huts and tire lSiitisli lll' is now lit."
mg handled itt lllt' ll b by l‘ortrait
Ht’t with: .i subsidiary of (‘i‘h so in: siiorilil
more known in this
ltI‘Itil‘vliltt‘lt’ Grant. originally
(nit-rim i'rii‘grrrterl to North London when
he .-..is it! He absorbed many musical in
lhieriies in that neighborhood. including
i'xrireiiiarr liliit-s.’soul all the way through
(liribiieari calypso and Moran rhythms
lie and his gioiip. the liiprals. had a No i
hit lit lint-tin lillt'tl "Hairy (‘oitie Hack".
l'lie l‘.qiials r‘ltitiyt‘tl a short lthftl i'areer.
breaking up in the early 70's

Robert Schneider

After the breakup. Grant didn't fare as
well wrtlr the record buying public. as he
sought to please himself first. Still. he
managed to build Britain's first black-
owned studio. and the hits began to arrive.
Protest songs like "Living On the Frontier".
"Preachiri' Genocide". arid "Get Down
Soweto" earned Grant a reputation as a
writer who knew how to effectively get a
message across. Most people are familiar
with a song that Grant wrote for someone
else. (the “someone else" being the Clash)
the song being the classic “Police On My
Back". Grant has achieved a fairly equal
mix between protest and love songs. and
this holds true on his new album Killer On
the Rampage.

The song you’ve probably heard from
this record is "Electric Avenue", it's an in-
terestiirg blend oi reggae style singing.
Euro-pop synthesizers. funky bass. and

llL'ttillit’ isell

from

 

 

 

 

i

- ” r s. a    
obel Prize Winner Gabriel Garcia Mart irez

Garcia Marquez's novel. as it becomes irr-
creasingly obvious that. excluding the vtcv
ilm. there wasn't a person in the town who
didn't know the tnurder was to be commit-
ted. 'l‘hus. Chronicle 010 Death Ful’clﬂld is
a mystery which tries to answer trot who
did it. but rather wiry no one tried to stop it
from happening. Garcia Marquez has
called William Faulkner his “literary mentor
and master." and in Chronicle 0] a Death
Foretold we again see why, In One Hun-
dred Years 0/ Solitude there is the complex
family tree that was a Faulkner trademark.
and Macondo and the Buendias have sur-
laced iir many of Garcia Marquet's‘ novels
(Colorral Aureliano Buendia. the great war
hero. earns a passing mention in Chroni-
cle. . .l. in The Autumn o] the Patriarch.
Garcia Marquez's dreamlike unfolding of
the last days of a South American criudillo.
or despot. there is. like in Faulkner. that
same experimentation with grammar and
punctuation (Garcta Marquez discards
both). Chronicle of a Death Foreiold
employs another of the “master's” techni-
ques. iii this case. a flirtation wrtlr time
which arrives at the truth of the matter only
by circling around and around it. Thus we

’ know froin the book's very first litre that

dashing Arab Santiago Nasar is to be
murdered. while it takes all of the book's

lirt. both on the dame floor 'iiul
mainstream radio Lucky lirltly Giant lit’
uoir't have to split lltt’ profits Willi anyone
ltt‘ play» every single instrument on lliis
album. and manages to :lo a good ioli to
boot

Rumi- lune said lliril l.ililt; (iraitt has
iriellowerl with age litrt’tlieie .ire plan-s
itiiwie (innit really lets loose '.'.ill| some
slittllg soi’ial i'ritit'isiri loi -‘.".riii|[tl\'. ”‘.\".ii
l’aity". t’tiltlxlili‘s superb t'tlii[)lrttltl.~r about
the modern war iriai'liriies. 'Yoir killed oll
all the littlittiihr And you killed oft all the
slaves ‘But not quite/ So you killed off the
remains" 'l‘lus song has the traditional reg
gae beat and slow. iriotrriilttl tempo Ac-
tually. this is one of the rare places that the
standard reggae lines come to light On this

 

track. Grant throws himsell into the anti
war fray. while iii another song. he takes
the view of the bystander “Another
revolutionary". is done in a weary. almost
exhausted tone. It's almost as if Graiit sees
the futility in fighting the all-powerful
system. He sings as one who's seen too
many revolutionaries rise and fall:
"Another revolutionary/Oh he's figlttirrg
for us rigirteously/But who knows if his
bullets and vest/Were ever made to stand
the test".

As stated before. not all of Killer On the
Rampage is bitter protest and lamentations,
The title cutyturns out to be a defensive love
song ‘ Grant is defending his lover from a
mad killer. Fortunately. the music isn't
anywhere near as macabre as the lyrics and
title. it's a well composed. well performed
tune that one immediately takes a liking to.
There's some nice double and triple track-
lng of Grant’s voice. it's hard to believe that
he is responsible for all the instruments that

' we hear. especially the friendly guitar solo.

 

 

Grant On A Rampage

 

i

 

 

120 pages before he falls on his face in the
kitchen.

in the meantime. Garcia Marquez plays
the journalist. buiidtrig his chronicle out of
interviews witlr friends. relatives.
shopkeepers. arid clergymen. arid failing to
discover not only a single answer as to wiry
all were unable to halt the murder. but
what the weather was like on that February
day of 27 years ago. What remains clear
three decades later is this: following the ex-
travagant weddtirg of the foppislr Bayardo
San Roman to the beautiful Angela
Vicario. a weddtiig so graird that a single
lifetime would riot be enough time (or one
to describe it. the bride is discovered to
have already lost her virginity. and is
returned to her home irt disgrace. Frigliterr
ed and confused by her mother's savage.
silent beating. she reveals the name of her
"perpetrator." Santiago Nasar. and her
brothers vow revenge. it is a noisy vow.
one the brothers. still drunk from the iriglit
of partying. repeat in nearly everyone they
rrreet oit the street and in Clotilde
Armenta's milk store Slaughterers by
trade. they make a great show ol grinding
and brandishing their pig knives. t'ttltVlilC~
iirg not a few townsfolk that their threats to
spill Nasar's blood are mere drunken
boasts. The brothers end tip slaying Nasar

 

arquez

under the must coincidental of cir-
cumstances. near an entrance he seldom
used. against a door that was rarely locked,
at a time when he should have been eating
breakfast with the author's sister.

What taints this classic murder of
revenge Is the Inconcluslve evidence
against Santiago Nasar. While the author
never proves that the Arab didn't haye
Atigela Vicario. neither is there evidence
that he couldn't have, And in that doubt
lies the moral dilemma. "But most of tirose
who could have done something to pre‘
vent the crime. and did not. console
themselves with the pretext that affairs of
honor are sacred monopolies. givitrg ac-
cess only to those who are part of the
drama."

Garcia Marquez teases us with the
murder. purposely placing events out of
order to heighten our anxiety — the trial
before the crime. the autopsy before the
murder. "Shit, cousin." as Pablo Vicario
says. “ you can‘t lnragirie how hard it is to
kill a irraril" it's a Mexican ltat dance of
sorts. or. better yet. a btrli light. with the
author dancing about the central event.
saving the orgiastic slaying until the final
pages. The effect is seductive. and interi-
tionally so. for the novel is as mucir about
sex and love as it is about murder. Angela
Vicaiio only comes to love Bayardo San
Roman after ire returns her to her fainin
Santiago Nasar seems more a victinr ol his
sexual reputation than of airy acttrai ofv
lense. liven the author gets entangled in
this theme of sex. having spent the iriglit in
the "apostolic lap" ol a motherly whore
Like Angela Vicario. we learn from the
chronicle of Santiago Nasar's death that
“hate and love are reciprocal passions "

We also learn that within real events are
the makings of great fiction, even if the
author can't "admit that life triiglrl end tip
resembling bad literature so much "
'l'litough Gregory ilabassa's masterful tiari
salatton (says Garcia Marquez of his work
on .Solitiide.‘ “Rabassa improved the
original") and by the "use of so many
coincidences forbidden iir literature."
Gabriel Garcia Marquez has tirade a thirty
year old murder of ittter brutality a
120 page novel of countless delights ‘

 

 

 

Another standout soirg. musically at
least. is "Latin Love Affair". As expected.
it's basically a Spanish-inspired song. but if
you listen closely enougir. you'll discover
just a hint of calypso. it's a very clever addi-
tion by Grant. and It exemplifies his ability
to arrange music.

The only criticism that Can be leveled at
Killer On the Rampage is the recording

 

 
   
 
   
 

 

 

 

 

quality. At points. it almost sounds like
you've got sandpaper playing on your
system. but fortunately this doesn't happen

.too often. Fortunately (or Eddy Grant.

Killer On the Rampage should receive
widespread acclaim Where It counts

among the record buying public. it's an ac-
cessible, likeable record that should go a
long way. i l

 

 

 

semi-protest lyrics. it's rapidly becoming a

 

 

  

   

  
  
  

L

*Remember to pick up your number
of the Campus Center. This will
i. Week tickets on Sunday, April 10

enable you to purchase your Senior

l

~k Tickets go on sale  Sunday,
in 00375.

April 10, from 1:00pm. to 10:00p.m.,

*Ticket sales will continue through the week as follows:
Mon: 5:30 - 10:30, CC370

Tues, Wed, & Thurs:
6:00 - 10:00p.m., CC343 (Ticket Window)

0 Only a Senior Card Holder can purchase tickets at these times!

 

* Each Senior Card entitles the holder to purchase {Lie ticket at senior price, and
. one ticket at full price (for a total of 2 tickets per event).

.'- . .
. c O r o oak §-!‘ )ui ... I‘-
, I ‘
. 0!
SENIORS ATTENTION °

0

on Saturday, April'9 at 3p.m. in front 0

*If you are unable to pick up your number or buy your tickets, only a non—senior is 0"

 

 

 

 

 

o able to do this for you and n_0t another senior!
' — O
O . . ‘
' ~k Those planning to go on overnight trips can be represented on the line by one -
O senior who has in his or her possession the necessary Senior Cards to fill a room.
The remaining trips MUST be bought by the individual settlers. o I
*Ail payments must be made in full by CASH, money order, or bankcheck. O
NO PERSONAL CHECKS will be accepted.
0
*ﬁg refunds "
O

 

*Any extra. tickets will be made available after all s
have purchased theirs.

*Buses will leave promptly at scheduled time. Please arrive at least 1/2 hour
before departure time.

*Bring proof of age when purchasing tickets and attending events.

EXGEPTIOIIS

 

‘niors with ticket sale numbers -

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

