  
    
  
 

aw‘

TI"

    

MARCH 4. 1983

 

Danes meet Rochester in the ECACs tonight

 

“’sMre'é‘Jir?!"
_______.__._._.——_____

The Albany State Great Danes may not
have received an invitation to this year‘s
NCAA Division 111 tournament. but the
purple and white will see plenty of action
this weekend. The Danes are headed to
Clinton, New York to participate in the an-
nual ECAC tournament featuring host
Hamilton College. Oswego of the
SUNYAC-West division and Albany's first
round oppoenent tonight. the University of
Rochester.

Because of its affiliation with the New
England Small College Athletic Con-
ference. a conference which prohibits its
members to participate in post-season play
lasting longer than one week, Hamilton in
ineligible to take part in the NCAA Divi-
sion ill tournament also beginning tonight.
However. the Continentals' credentials fare
with the best in Division 111. The
powerhouse frotn central New York bears a
21-3 record, a third place ranking in the
Division lll national polls and a first place
ranking among Division 111 teams in the
state.

“We've come to play every night." said
Hamilton basketball coach Tom Murphy.
"We knew before the season started that we
would not be able to go to the NCAA.
We're not overjoyed about it, but we’re
always ready to play."

The Continentals, whose ﬁne perfor-
mance this season has earned them a top
seed in this year's tourney, have also
defeated the Danes in each of the last three
meetings between the two clubs. in mid-
January, 'Albaiiy was 'handed a 69-53
shellacking by the Continentals in
Hamilton, a loss that still looms large in the
minds of some Danes.

“Our ﬁrst goal was to make the
NCAAs," said Dane Rich Hay. “but it's
good in the fact that we will get another
shot at Hamilton."

The Continentals did make an ap-
pearance in University Gym this season as
one of four teams in the Great Dane
Classic. However, Hamilton fell to the
Scranton Royals, currently the nation's
number one team, in the first round ofthat

 

tournament 89-74. The Continentals did
manage to avenge the less by defeating
them by 18 points later in the season.
Hamilton ﬂoors a veteran team con-
sisting of four starting seniors. Murphy's
team has enjoyed well balanced scoring all
season long with five players averaging in

 

ALAN CALEM UPS
Mike Gatto will compete In his final game as a Great Dane this weekend In the
ECAC Tournament at Hamilton College.

double ﬁgures. Forward Ron Evans sets the
pace in the scoring column with a 14.9 point
per game clip. He is followed by an old
Dane nemisis. Charles Robinson with a 13.1
average. Robinson missed action in the ﬁrst
semester due to academic ineligibility and
didn’t play until 10 games into the season.

Other double figure scorers on this well-
balaneed team include Bob Kiely with 12.8
points per game. Larry Kollath with 11.0
and Mark Bumham with 10.8.

A tribute to Hamilton's well rounded at-
tack is that by season's end seven players
figure to have scored 200 or more points
this year.

Before the Danes can begin to set their
sights on the Continentals. they will ﬁrst
have to contend with the Unviersity of
Rochester Yellow Jackets. An independent
team. the Yellow Jackets sport a record of
14-10 including two losses to NCAA East
Regional participant Union College and
one loss to Hamilton. The post-season clash
with Albany will be the first meeting evcr
between the two teams.

The Yellow Jackets also have a well-
rounded scoring club. Four of five starters
average in double figures. Rochester is led
by a quick guard in 5'9" sophomore Greg
Blue. He is the Yellow Jaekct‘s leading
scorer with an average of 15 points per
game. The other starting guard is 5’9"
Terry Fitzpatrick. who is averaging 12
points per game.

"We'll be a little bigger at the gtiards. btit
they'll be quicker," said Albany State head
basketball coach Dick Sauers.

Senior Don DeGolyer fills the lane with a
6'6" frame at the center position. He is not
a big scorer. but figures to be tough
underneath the rim because of his muscle.
DeGolyer is ﬂanked by a 6'3" freshman
named Joe Augustine at forward and a sw-
ing man, Tom Lowney.

I‘l'd like to beat Rochester." Sauers add-
ed. “to get another crack at Hamilton."

The Oswcgo Lakcrs are the tournament's
fourth seeded team. With a SUNYAC-West
regular season of 5-5 and a 15-9 overall
mark for the 1982-83 campaign, the Lakers
round otit what appears to be a competitive
ﬁeld.

“it's a good ﬁeld." Sauers said. "You
can't complain about the quality of the
field.”

For the Danes' tonight’s first-round ac-
tion will mark the seventh consecutive year
that the team has participated in post-
season tournament play. Last season the

12>

J. V. Danes lose final game of a winning year

 

By Alan Somkin
smrr warren
_._________————————-

The Albany State junior varsity basket-
ball team endcd a successful season on a
sour note Tuesday night with a 64-62 loss to
Hudson Valley Community College.

Albany guard Jason Hurley tied the game
at 62 with 19 seconds left on a jumper from
the top of the key. After inbounding the
ball, HVCC called timeout (with five
seconds left) to set up the eventual winning
basket.

During the timeout, Albany State tread
coach Barry Cavanaugh told his team to
show man-to-man defense. and then drop
back into a 1-3-1 zone. The ball was in-
boundcd and passed inside to Viking 6'6"
center Doug Stollacker (who scored a game
high 20 points) who found himself
isolated against Hurley. With the decided
height advantage. he turned around and
made a five-foot jumper and that was the
game. .

“We didn’t fall back in time," said
Cavanaugh. “We should never have let that
player get the ball down so deep." . _

After getting off to a slow start (trailing
6-0). the Danes grabbed their first lead.
11-10. on a pair of free throws by Joe
Rogers. The game sec-sawed back and forth
with neither team able to take control.

6'3” swingman Jeff Geicr was inserted
into the game for Albany and ignited the
team with three buckets from the outside.
“Jeff has provided the spark when we need-

 

ed it off the bench all year," remarked
Cavanaugh.

Albany jumped out to a 27-20 lead only
to see HVCC score seven unanswered
points to tie the game. The half ended with
Albany up by one point. 30-29.

The beginning of the second half was
marked by good play by the Vikings and

questionable officiating by the referees.
“This was the last game of the season for
the refs and they rcffed like it was. They
weren’t consistent. They called one thing on
one end of the court and missed the same
thing on the other end," said a disgruntled
Cavanaugli.

The Danes were able to recover and final-

 

  

  

 

  Vi '  ‘1

 

 

ALAN CALEM UPS
Guard J.J. Jonas averaged 11.4 points per game as Danes streaked to a

the J.V.
13-6 record tyhll‘e‘iie‘eeonm ' ,

ly tie the game at 56 on a layup off an offeri—
sive rebound by Bob Hail. Hail connncctcd
for eight points in the preceding four
minutes to get Albany back frorn an eight
point deficit, 54-46.

“Bob is really tough to stop when he
turns it on. but he doesn‘t always play with
that high intensity level." said Cavanaugh.

Albany grabbed their first lead of the sc-
cond half on two technical foul shots con-
verted by Brian Kauppila at the 4:18 mark.

The Danes could not take advantage of
this possible momentum shifter as they let
the Vikings score the next five points, to
take a 61-58 lead with l:20 left. Albany
guard .l..l. Jones ctit the lead to one with
1:03 rcrnttinirrg on a 17—foot jumper. After
the Vikings connected on the first half of a
one-and—onc to take a two-point lcrid,
Albany callcd time with 27 seconds lcft.
Hurley hit the cltttclr basket (givingliim l5
points to lead Albany). but it proved to be
in vain.

“Jason matured a great deal tlrrouglrorrt
the year. He cut down on his turnovers as
the season progressed. He became a floor
leader for us," said Cavanaugh.

Cavrinatiglr was not happy, howcvcr.
with the team‘s output Tuesday night. “We
didn't execute well on offense. We weren't

patient enough. we rushed our shots. The
defense gave tip its usual 60 points btrt we
didn’t score our usual 70." the coach said.

The Danes ended the season with a 136
record. after getting off to a 3-5 start. they

14>

.m .. .- in in l. t tt .. curt... .

‘ ‘ .. ~" ‘11. " " “MUN “9"” '1. F- 1;'.1i:1’..i.'.. "“

r
\

VOLUME LXX

  

 

Thesday

March 8, 1 983

NUMBER 11

 

 

 

Bomb scare disrupts NYPIRG 10th anniversary

Nader praises
organization

on its goals and
achievements

lly Antlitirry Silher
[Ill/URI.” ‘IXVSI'JA‘I

Culling NYi’lRti the most powerful stu-
dcrrt orgtini/trtion in the country, consumer
lltiitiL‘tllL‘ Ralph Ntidcr discussed llrc issues,
:igcrrtltr. accomplishments iltiti philosophy
bclrirrtl thc organi/tition in its tenth untrqu
Anniversary (‘orifcrcncc at Albany this
weekend.

Nadcr received it tumultuous wclcorrrc
front NYl’lRt‘r members amassed irt LC 7
Saturday. Asked whether NYl’lRCr is "ten
years oltl or old at ten." Ntidcr replied.
"\Vcll. NYl’lRG looks good. Your agcndtr is
looking at thc future and you don‘t pass
mtiny resolutions," lrc added poking fun at
government's penchant for usclcss legisla-
tititt.

With the assembled crowd enthusiastically
agreeing, Nadcr asserted. “you have a strong
counter-cultural force in this corporate socie-
ty. They impose thcir vtilucs on us and tell tis
we thought them up." He pointed to schools.
claiming that cvcn they arc corporate-
oricrrtctl “The business and cornptiter areas
are booming." he said. “but you have to
trpologizc for being involved iii the social
sciences, where you really are educated."
Nudcr added. "Our engineer's cart btrild
bridges. btrt how many can deal with the
poisoned water under it?"

Rcading from it Collcgc Republicans
organirational memo concerning thc prcscnt
luw stilt ﬁled against NYl’lRG by a grotrp of
students with the support of a right-wing
legal ftrnd. Nadcr trrgcd the defenders of
NYPIRG to uphold the principles iii the suit.
“The robot-minded young Republican
docsri't have to think at all," he said r'ctttling
dctailcd instructions frorn the rrrcrrro.

in the memo. said Nader, yotrrig
Republicans claim i’lRCis are a threat to
dcmocracy. associated with civil disobcd' 'ncc
groups. and affiliated with Marxists. “'l'trkc
advantage of the challcngc front tlrcsc
unscrupulous corportitc-bttckcd people," the

 

 o

f‘ advocate Ralph Nader

 

ED MARUSSICH UPS

 

"Building and (lave/oping7 a sense of citizen duty is imperial". "

advocate maintained. “People appreciate
their rights more whcn they are under
attack." he said. adding, “you will swarm
over them.“

The lawsuit against NYPIRG was filed by
a group of students represented by the Mid-
Atltrntic Lc tl Foundation and charing that
sttrdcnt fees ticccptcd by NYPIRG are being
riscd for “Political and ideological
purposes." aritl are therefore unconstitu—
tional. .

Organization. Nudcr crnplrrisizcd. is Ilre
key. “You cart have grcrtt causes." hc sttid.
“but if you don't have stamina.
pcr'scvcruncc. determination and committ-
riicrrt. you will not go ariyplticc."

Dct idirrg corporatc-oricntcd cdtrctition and
vocations. Nader told tlrc sttrdcnt activists
that they should dcvclop the concept of
citiIcns occupations to tr greater extent.

     

“You are job crcatcrs, he iiitiintaincd.
“You must define and expand the idea of
citizcris‘ jobs."

Nader trrgcd thc .rtrdiencc to take advan-
logo of the communications rcvoltrtiott that
he says is taking place today. "The last one.
in the 20s and 30s." said Nader. “was corr-
trollcd by thc corporations." "Now, you
have the opportunity to control news media,
and you might not get another cltancc for
gcricrtitions."

Ntttlct‘ pressed students on thc contirrtrcd
growth and development of PIRG. “I bclicvc
in a national l’lRG.“ ltc said. “but you havc
to be willing to do it.“ llc encouraged
students to rcrrli/c thcir power. “You arc l2
million strong." he said. “it‘s tirrrc to look at
students as an important class in socicty."

Saying that students ricctl to develop it

is»

Students forced
to evacuate the
Campus Center
following calls

lly (firm A icnd
NI |II lt'llllllf

lhicc borrrb thrcrtts ditcctctl toward

Ni'l’lRtl \\crc received by thc (‘tirirpus

('crrtcr within one hour during Ilrc organiza—

tion's part) in tire ('rimptrs t'critcr litillrooirr

Saturday night. according to lilllt't'hil)’
l’olicc it. (his l’olli.

According to Put“. tlrc policc r’cccivcd ti
fourth llttcttl dircctcd til the policc station
within the same hour.

At 10:45 p.m. two phone calls were made
to thc information desk by ttri unidentified
fcmtrlc carllcr who emphasized that the bomb
was directed ill NYPIRG and recommended
evacuation. said Campus Center Director
James Docllcfcld. The NYl’lRG party was
part of the group's l()tli Anniversary Con-
fcrcnce said Albany NYPlRG Project Coor-
dinator .lane Grccnbcrg. Greenberg said the
party bcgtm at 9 pm. and was attended by
approximately 600 people.

Police said minutes after the pltonc calls. a
University Police patrol urilt arrived at the
Campus Center. A 15-20 rnirttitc scorch was
coudttctcd by two policemen and a graduate
assistant. Kim Gifford, who was in charge of
'hc Campus (‘cntcr building bctwcctt 5 run.
and 2 a.m.

At that time. Gifford decided not to
evacuate Ilic bitildiug because nothing tip-
pcar‘cd to be unusual or suspicious dtiririg the
search.

Following this incident. l’olli said, the
dispatcher for tire University Police
Pruci'gcncy Linc rcccivcd it call frorn a
woman claiming thcrc was a boirib til the
Public Strfcty building.

“At 11:40," sttiti l’olli. “another call was
made by it female to the Campus Ccntcr. Shc
specified that a borrrb would go off in the ball
room at 12:31).“ According to police records.
l’olli arrived at the (‘rimpus (‘cntcr with it
pulrol iririt inmicdiatcly after the call.

Buscd on advice given to him by the policc
L5:

 

UUP evaluates eff

 

By Steve Fox
SI.-l/l "It’ll/R

   

'l‘lic loss of quality cductrliori, tltc it

 

k of st iidcrii '

tuition," she added, stating that “thc wholc itlL'tt rind pur-
ptisc of ti public university is not for tltc students to pay

,w. their own way."
s

   

,-

iioth lcgisltitors pr'cscnt tit thc t‘cccplion secured to bc

ects of proposed budget cuts

SUNY like rhc Motor Vchiclc Dcpru'trucnt with cuts onc
ycur rind rcstorntious thc llL'.\l yctir."

(lccrkcn,
(‘oblcskill ttttackcd (‘uoruo. saying that thc ttrrion vote, iri—

llcirry

admissions courrsclor at SUNY-

  
 

Gov. Mario Cuomo's proposed budgct cutbacks. were the
main thcmcs prcscnt at a three-hour legislative reception
held last night by thc itrriori of United University l’i'ofcs-
sions. The reception was lrcltl its part of tlll on going lobby-
ing effort by UUP.

About 75 faculty members and UUP representatives were
present from collcgcs across the state. including SUNY
schools at Colilcskill. Gettcsco. Cortland. rind lirockport.
According to UUP Albany Chriptcr i’rcsidcut Tim Reilly.
about it dozcn state legislators were invited. btrt bccatrsc of
a busy Monday sclicdtrlc. orin two-Senator l-lugh Farley
turd Asscmblvman Rohcrt l)’Antlrctr-~wcrc able to attend.

Nrtttla Dr'cschcr. statewide president of the UUP. said
that the lobbying effort by the UUP addresses marry pro-
blcnrs involving the proposed budget. but was bothered by
the fact that “nobody has really talked of the problem of
sttrtlcrri ttCC " There is no sense in increasing sttrdcnt ad-
missions rrrrd raising the price to attend," she said, stressing
that thc middle~class will be priced out of an cdticatiorr.
“They are unable to get loans and cannot afford this high

 

 

and thc irrationality of “paying more for less." because of

supportive of tire lobbying cfl'or't and of the SUNY system.
Sen. liriglr Parley (it-Colonic) at business lrrw professor at
SUNYA. sriid that lie is a “firm bclicvcr in SUNY. it is oric
of the greatest assets of New York Stritc." Ilc added that
“yotr can not afford to let it witlrcr on the vine."

Most faculty members mentioned the fact that bccrutsc of
repeated cutbacks since the Carey administration. riiost of
the "fat" in SUNY has already been ctrt out. They wcrc
disturbed in tlittt trrry further cuts will bc biting into the
“meat” of different progrcrims. decreasing Ilrc high quality
of education that has been achieved rrt SUNY.

UUP Treasurer and (icticsco Professor Totri Matthews
cited a few cxrunplcs. saying. “the rrrtrsic department at
Cortland is being ctit froru a faculty of nine to a faculty of
three, arid losing major status. At (icrrcsco the drama
department is losing their costume designer. This will not
exactly rcstrlt in quality productions." he added. Matthews
said he felt that there was no rationale behind the proposed
btrdgct cuts. “it is it political maneuver, in order to have a
stry in the decision. students aritl faculty have to get
politically involved." lie added that. “you cannot treat

cltrdirig that ol' LlUl’, was what got lritrr elected. Now.
(iccrkcn said. he is not kccpirrg the promises ltc made to thc
tirriorrs. and “his proposals of one year would do what it
took (‘trrcy cight years to do." He added that Cuonio‘s
proposals would. “take away the last opportunity for
students to huvc it fair chaincc at a decent education."

Robert l)'Andrcti (R-Sruritogri County). disagreed with
what some of the faculty said. starting that. “I believe you
are not going to scc that many cut in the cod. Ciromo has
already brickcd off on sotnc of thc proposed cuts," be ex-
plained. He added that L'rromo is getting himself into
political troublc, in that. “he is getting on too iriany
issues.“ D'Andrctt said ltc could not support a program
that involved lay-offs and that would cost money.

lioth Farley and D'Andr'crr said they were impressed with
the SltttiL'ttl rally of a week ago. “it was irrrpressivc. well-
organizcd, and definitely made an impact." said Farley.

R'cilly said that the lobbying effort will continue tip to the
day of the vote. which is two weeks away. “About JtX) lob-
byists will be at the Static Legislature today promoting the
cause,"he added. ‘ l..l

 

 

w o -»< unusua- .a. .. .v. .,.

 

an:

