 

  

2 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS Cl OCTOBER 7, I983

WORLDWIDE

M 3,“

Militia chief killed

I Beirut
(AP) An lsracll-backed militia commander in
southern Lebanon was assassinated Thurs-
day. police reported.

The victim was identified as Hussein
Waltbe. a Shiite Moslem who headed a local
ntilitia backed by the lsraeli Army in the
Adloun district south of Sldon. provincial
capital of south Lebanon.

Police said Wahbe was killed at 8:15 am.
local time as he was traveling in his Mercedes-
Benz on the coastal highway linking‘Sidon
with Lebanon's southernmost port of Tyre.
Reports conflicted on how he was killed.

One report received by police headquarters
in Sidon said Walibe died in a hail of
machine gun fire as ltis car left Adloiin.
Another report. also received by the Sidon
police station. said an explosive charge was
set off by remote control as Walibc's car
drove past. burning him to death and serious-
ly injuring his wife.

Walesa wins Prize

Gdansk, Poland
(AP) Lech Walcsa says winning the Nobel
Peace Prize won't change him or affect his
crusade for free trade unions in Poland. cvcrt
if he goes back to prison as a resirlt.

He dedicated his prize to tile now-outlawed
Solidarity labor movement, which he led
front its birth in Aiigirst 1980 until its suspen-
sion with the martial law crackdown iii
December 1981.

“i don't regard this award. or any of tire
other awards i have won. as my own." he
said Wednesday after his selection was an-
nounced in Oslo. Norway. “They were our
mutual awards. for our mutual program."

Reagan seeks accord

Geneva
(AP) The United States tried to break the
deadlock in the Strategic Arms Reduction
Talks Thursday by offering the Soviet Union
a new proposal for reducing long-range
nuclear arms. ‘
Gen. Edward L. Rowney. the chief U.S.
negotiator. said he would bring President t,
Reagan's full proposal to the Soviet Mission. “
where he outlined its key elements during a \
two and a half hour private meeting with
Soviet negotiator Viktor L, Karpov on
Wednesday.

The meeting of the t'trll Soviet-U.S. delega- h

tions Thursday opens a fifth round of 15
month old talks aimed at reducing strategic
nuclear wear-oils. Thcy parallel the separate
lnterttiediatc Range Nuclear l-‘orcc talk oii
liriiititig tricdium-raiigc missiles iii Europe.
Although Ruwney and Karpov met cot‘~
dially Wednesday outside the orrtate villa at
the Soviet Mission after a two-urouth recess.
the official Soviet new agency Tass branded
Reagan's new proposals “vague. obscure. T
and unclear.“

Students riot in Chile

Santiago. Chile
(Al’) Riot police using tear gas. plttstic‘
bullets. clubs titid water cannon attacked
thousands of young people when they left an
anti-government rally and marched toward
President Artgusto l’inocliet's office.
At least 5.000 university students and other
young activists crowded into a two-block

 

 

area Wednesday night for three hours of folk
music and speccltcs demanding replacement

PREVIEW OF

The Outing Club will present a
workshop entitled "Foodstuffs" on
Wednesday. Oct. 12 at Born In LC

The Office of intomollonal
grams will sponsor a General infor-

Thursday. Oct. 13 at

Humanities 354.

S 17.1 N _

Returning Students, formerly Retur- 45245191
nlng Women Students. will meet
biweekly in Campus Center 334. All
22. returning male students are urged

to attend. For more information call
Pro- 355-8704

matlon meeting for students In. ucaprountoTheToddHobln Band
toroated in studying abroad on and The Sharks on Saturday. Oct. 8 UPAC Speakers and Concerts. will
7pm In at 1pm behind the Campus Center. be at t‘tPI Went Hall on Saturday,

The show In free. Got. it at 8 and 10:30pm. Tickets are

of Plnochet’s military regime by a provi-
sional government that would call elections
within 18 months.

The rally. organized by Christian
Democrat. Socialist and Communist youth
groups, was permitted under a month-old
political liberalization program started by
Pinochet after a-series of protests over high
unemployment and a lack of political
freedoms. . '

NATIONWIDE.
B’IRJ E'F S ,.
Salvador aid cut

. Washington. D. C.
(AP) An $11.3 billion foreign aid package is
on its way to the House Appropriations
Committee. shy of $35 million in U.S.
military assistance to El Salvador.

The bill approved Wednesday by a House
subcommittee would provide $51.3 million in
military aid for El Salvador — ti. considerable
cut from the adrtiinistration's $86.3 million
request. The measure also would trim U.S.
iriilltary assistance to other countries in-
cluding Pakistan and Turkey.

The subject of El Salvador also came up in
the Senate. where the Foreign Relations
(‘oriimittcc ripprovcd a one-year extension of
a law requiring the President to assure Coti-
gress twice a year that the Central American
tuition deserves continued U.S. military aid.

Reagan backs Watt

Washington, D. C.
(AP) Leading Serinte Republicans say stip-
port for interior Secretary Jariics Writt has
eroded to the point where a strong rio-
confidcnce vote may be inevitable unless he
resigns soon. but President Reagan says a
"stupid remark" by the interior Secretary
isn't grounds for his dismissal.

New rumors that Watt might be on the
verge of quitting were fueled Wednesday be
reports that he had lost more ground among
Senate Republicans than had been previously
believed by leaders of the GOP-run chamber.

Close Watt associates claimed the embattl-
cd Cabinet ofﬁcer has no intentions of quit-
ting. And. Reagan, in a question-and-answer
session with the Associated Press Board of
Directors. defended Watt anew. saying he
"has done a ﬁne job."

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

Cardinal Cooke dies
New York
(AP) Cardinal Terence Cooke, who rose
rapidly from parish priest at a red brick
church in the South Bronx to become Ar-

chbishop of New York. military vicar and I

leader of nearly four million Catholics. died
Thursday at the age of 62.

President Reagan. joining in the mourn-_

ing. said the way Cooke met his painful death
from cancer was “a special inspiration."

Cooke, the spiritual leader of 1.8 million
Roman Catholics in the archdiocese and 2
million Catholics in the military. died at 4:45
a.m. of “acute leukemia complicating a
chronic lymphoma condition." said the Rev.
Peter Finn. director of the Office of Com-
rnrrnications of the Archdiocese of New
York.

He spent his last days "at peace with
himself" and under a nurse's care at his
residence in the cliancery belting St. Patrick's
Cathedral. said Finn.

Front the White llottsc. the President said.
“All of America is saddened by the loss of
Cardinal Cooke. a saintly man and a great
spiritual leader."

Cruikshank is guilty

- Bill/slim Spa
(AP) Eighteen-year old Dawn W.
Cruikshank, found guilty of first-degree
manslaughter in tire death ofhcr father. faces
a sentence ranging from as little as probation
to a prison term of up to 25 years.

Ms. Cruickshank. who testified she killed
her father in self-defense because she feared
he would rape her. as, she said. he had done
in the past. was convicted Thursday on the
lesser charge of first-degree manslaughter.

First-degree manslaughter is a felony
punishable by tip to eight and one-third to 25
years in prison. However, if the Clifton Park
teettagcr qualifies for youthful-offender
status. her sentence could be only a period of
probation.

Acting Sarntoga County Judge 0. Thomas
Moynihan set a sentencing hearing for Nov.
2. when the defense will seek youthful-

   

 

EVENTS.

Ing a support

Auditions for "One Flew Over the
Cuckoo's Nest". a novel by Ken
Kesey. will be held on Tuesday. Oct.
11 at 4:30pm at the Studio Theatre
in the Performing Arts Center at
SUNYA. For more Information call

Student Affairs Division is sponsor-
aorvlca entitled
“Study Skills." It will be held on
v Monday. October to at 7 pm In LC 8.

Father Guido Sorduccl. brought by

 

. Docllcl‘icld acknowledged that Stirderrt .-\c-

 

 

offender status for Ms. Cruickshank. The
prosecution will urge that she be sentenced as
an adult. No sentencing date was set.

At ﬁrst Ms. Cruickshank showed no emo.
tion when the verdict was read Thursday. but
then she broke down and quietly sobbed.

Defense attorney John McMahon said the
verdict will be appealed. Ms. Cruicksltatik's
$50,000 ball was continued and she remains
free.

Brink’s verdict in
(Finite/l

(AP) Three radicals were sentenced Thursday
to 75 years to life in prison for what a judge
called the "cold. calculated and deliberate"
muders of three» people during the $1.6
million Brink's armored car robbery.

"l harbor no illusions about any of the

defendants. They hold society in contempt
and have no respect for human life." \illtl
Orange County Judge David killer in irnpns.

. ing three consecutive 25-year to life \L‘lllt‘lltt'k
I on each defendant.

The defendants. who view lllL‘lllSL'l\‘C\ its
freedom ﬁghters and revoltltiotllrrics. .rp.
pcarcd in court to riiakc statements to be
room packed with their supporters. lltlt |llt'\
then walked out and were not present when
sentence was imposed.

 

Correction

The front page story in the 'l'nesrluv.
Ocl.4 rlSI’ titled “SA misses anti-scrum-
poster" incorrectly attributed Slutlr-trt
Association with approving the offensive
posters. Sludciit_Activitics. not Student
Association. is responsible for :rpprottng
posters. Student Activities Director James

tivities tirade the mistake of approving the
Druid Lodge I‘(ictting Acquainted
Ccrcriiony" poster.

The “Exterior Poster Policy" which
establishes the rules of procedure tor
postitig t'lyers on the exterior podittrn
bulletin boards. is a university policy l'll-
forced by Student Activities. We regret the
error.

 

 

 

 

 

‘vlco'pmtdon ofstu‘
SUN)! 99 '.- .
dl raped confocal

 

266-8585.

pus Center lobby for $5.

 

 

 

on sale now for $5 at the RPI Union
and the The Music Shack-in Alany
and Troy. For more Information call

golothon '84 will present “A Night tit
aratoga Races" on Friday Oct. 14. o r - Humanmos

Buses will leave the circle'at 7 pm. 354’ u m Tiaopm In

Tickets will be on sale at the Crime '

“CB and Webb are proud to pre-
scnt Eddy Grant on Monday. Oct. 17
Eat "8pm in the Campus Center
a room. Tickets are being sold In Oct. to 0 ” 00'“
the Campus Center lobby for $6 a” am In Mum Ha 'r
with SUNYA 10 and 58 without.

The Department of Puerto Rlean.
Latin American and Caribbean
Studios and the Department 01
Hispanic and Italian Students pro-
sent a "Flecltal do Poesla" by Alicia
De CotumbI-Mongulo on Tuesday.

The international Development Pro:
gram will sponsor a public lecture
entitled "The Democratization ot
the Brazilian Political System:
Reality and Resources" on Monday.

M

15. For
455-8239.

 

more information call

 

 

Disabled students praise SUNYA accessibility

By Art Vldro

The SUNYA campus is mostly accessible.
and many services are available to
wheelchairs, according to many handicapped
students and administration ofﬁcials.

“This school is ideal for the disabled stu-
dent." said sophomore Robert Pipia. a State
Quad residcdnt confined to a wheelchair. “i
can take advantage of everything i want to”

"l rate this school extremely high."said
Nancy Belowich. assistant deati for Student
Affairs and director of the Disabled Strident
Services. (DDS). based in Campus Center
137. "Wheelchairs can basically get
anywhere. We get a lot ofcoopcration." said
Belowicb. adding that people generally care,
are willing to listen and make changes.

Belowicli arranges orientations for incom-
ing disabled students. “l meet with new
students and parents until they're comfor-
table." she said. “They can call ahead of
time or list their conditions on their admis-
sions application." However. some students
“just cortic the ﬁrst day or two ofschool." if
the disabled do not come in. said liclowich,
she won't know they are out there.

“1 got an overview but ldidn't get a tour."
said Sandra Lamb. a wheelchair-bound State
Quad resident. “l didti't know about the
orientations. it wasn't publicized."

Off-campus graduate student Wren
Bochner said. “Nancy Belowich showed me
around- biit i still get lost." Bochner explain-
ed that shc starts her day 10 minutes earlier.
but other than that. her wheelchair does not
affect her routine and she feels she has full
access to SUNYA.

One of the few problems Bochncr did con-
front involved the parking situation on cam-
pus. “l got a parking ticket once because i
forgot to put my handicap sign on the
dashboard.” she said, adding. “Why license
plates weren't enough." The ticket was later
void. Bochner said.

“The parking here is bad. but then it's bad
everywhere." she said.

Students desiring a personal care attendant
may get one through DDS. which acts as a
referral service. “Students choose their own
attendants." said Belowicli.

DDS also helps with test-faking and note-
taking. Many confined students cannot write
as quickly as their non-handicapped
classmates. To compensate. teachers usually
permit DDS to surpcrvise the testing of

wheelclitiir-borrnd students in CC 137.

“i use the service for test-taking." said
Lamb. who has found her own way for get-
ting notes— she gives carbon paper to a note-
ttiking classmate and receives the copies.

 

H-..- na-wqu—~vm~wiwu “on..- ....- .. ....-.....c ..,. ...- m... ..... -e. N. ~>W~~

Ll '
r

l l I ~

Access guide to both SUNYA and the
greater Albany area are available free of
charge from DDS. The ﬁve-and-a-half year-
old SUNYA guide is “a little out dated."
said Tony Ferretti. Belowich's assistant.

Belowicb said it shows “all the elevators
and ramps" oti campus. adding she hopes to
revise the book soon.

SUNYA‘s ﬁat. ramp-laden layout makes it
“fairly accessible." said Ferretti. “But it’s
not totally accessible. i don‘t know of any
school that's totally accessible.” The second
and third floors in the low-rises are inaccessi-
ble. explained Ferretti adding that there are
also some restrictions in the underground
tunnels.

"Tltere are elevators in all the buildings."
be added. “We have problems with them
breaking down." Some students can't reach
the button panels and tntrst rely on othcr peo-
ple to help them. Ferrctti feels sortie of these
stitderits may be “anxious” about being
strick in titi elevator and unable to open the
doors.

The DDS owns an adaptable van with a
chair lift. said Fcrrctti. Disabled students cati
get rides when hired drivers are available.

Pipa said he's used the van many times to
go to the traiti station. the doctor. shopping,

 

OCTOBER 7.1983 D ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 3

 

 

 

 

 

or Just about anywhere off-campus he needs
to go.

"It's a good service." said Lamb. another
of it's users. She said she has to give DDS
24-hour notice of her travel plans. and that
the van can hold five chairs.

“Overall.” she added. “the university con-
trftction was well-designed. The administra-
tion has been good enough to get electronic
doors. adapt bathrooms." and provide corn-
plcte library services.

Ferrettl said student mobility varies and
depends on the severity of their disabilities.
"Most wheelchairs are motorized." he said.
"Most of these students living on campus
have both electrical and manual (chairs) in
case of a breakdown. Some type of
mechanical shop in the Earth Science base-
ment" performs free repairs if the parts and
the tools are available. he said. The Educa~
tional Communications Center (ECC) “does
the same tlting for us with tape recorders,"
said Belowich.

"Last year. Garriett I odgcal Dippikill was
tirade totally accessible." said l-‘crratti. titl-
ding that it group of disabled students spent at
weekend there last spring. “I think
something should be done to give tltc disabl-
cd first crack at (‘rarrictt Lodge,“ he said.

.wannsu "our UPS

Another improvement. according to Fer-
retti. took place in LC 7. where a table was
inserted for wheelchair-confined students to
use as a desk. Able-bodied students walk
down steps to chairs attached to desks.

DDS also provides counseling services and
lets conﬁned students “pre-rcgister about a
week before the other students." according
to Ferretti. Belowich said that the wheelchair
bound often need and receive help in the
bookstore. particularly early in the semester
when the crowds are biggest.

SUNYA does an "excellent" job in ac-
comadatlng disabled students, said Pipia. "l
have a‘ lot of friends who are disabled. and
they go to other schools where the services
aren't sufﬁcient."

But. he said, "it would be nice to be able
to go to another quad." All on-campus
students in wheelchairs live on State Quad.

“l'd like to see ntore electric doors on cam-
pus. itnd dorrii rooms other titan State's
made accessible." said lielowich. im-
provements not yet made. she said. are
baisically ” tion-essential."

“This is not Utopia." she said. “but it's as
close as you cati get on a college campus."

UAS sees high volume of containers returned

 

 

 

Returned containers piled at SUNYA '

4' u dock

UAS reports students returning 35 percen/ of cans.

KENNY KIRSH UPS

lly .loliii 'l'hiirhirrii

Nine returnable container redemption
centers seemed like a lot at first for the
university. according to tlAS General
Manager Norbert Zuluii. llut willi studcnts
returning ]5 percent of all thc carts sold our
ol'ctuiipus vetiditig machines. ltillru spoke of
possibly having to opcti a collcction center
solely for the return of cans.

UAS is required by law to have til least one
redctiiptioti center for the returnable cans on
ctiriipus. according to the recently irri-
plciiicrited New York Retirrrialrle Container
Law. The law requires a 5 cctil deposit on all
beverage containers sold in tire state.

There has been some confusion at the
ltowling Alley and at the llaiber Shop. bet—
wccti customers and those returning carts.
said labor of lltc two most popular places for
returns oii campus. “lint there have been no
major problems." ()llier redemption centers
are located in the (‘outmisstim the Sth
Shops oti each ol‘ the five quads. and iii the
Kirmqittit Cafeteria on the downtouri cunt-
pus.

Director of Vending Machine Services
l‘nul Arnold does not feel that the number of
cans that have been returned is an accurate
one itt relation to tire amount of cans sold.
“Students are hoarding the carts iii their
rooms, causing it possible sanitary problem.“
said Arnold. This hoarding could account
for ptrrt of the o5 percent of the cans r‘cturn«
cd. but it's doubtful that it would uccortut for
the full amount unredeemed. said Arnold.

 

. ...» zarrbﬁanu «mustangs. -

.lohn l’rivivera. llll ctnployec til the shop on
Western Ave.. tic\t to Shop Rite. reports that
students are bringing fit it lot of cans front
campus. “We get a lot of“ students from
SUNYA.“ said l’rivivcra. “turd they each br-
ing iii about 100-150 bottles arid carts."
which could cvplain the low number of cans
redeemed at campus collection centers.

The New York Public interest Group
(NYl’lRG) is working closely with UAS to
persuade students to redeem their cans. The
organilations have sponsored a pariiplilct cs-
pliiinitig the law and locations for collection.
iii an effort to educate students. l'tittl Her-
rick. Project Coordinator for NYPIRG on
campus. stud his staff has spoken to Resident
Assistants encouraging them to post the parti-
plilcts and motivate students to utilize the
carnprrs facilities. “Our lllt‘dl is to have a
return of 70 percent." said
llcrrick. Adirondack and t‘zty‘ugtiti dorms
on Indian Quad are sponsoring a party this
Friday where the charge for admission is
either 15 rtiicirrslred cans or 52. according to
Scott Fons. an RA iii Cayuga. Foos is
sponseririg the party tilalg with ch l’rofcta.
also an RA iii t‘tiyttgtt. tilltl by Micheal
Daiikes and [Ellen tioltlicb. RA ‘ '
duck. “it \iasreall) Mike'sidctr ‘ .
“lie was really up for a r "ling party. so
we all went along. ltesidcs. it's a good way to
ltpr students cleati oiti their rooms.“

 
    

 

Lisa Rottruan. a student volunteer i'or
NYPIRG. put it this way: “People are iror
used to it (saving carts) yet. It's going to trike
u littlclitnc to catch on." l l

‘ imatb‘ulurhiak’umcmhmo ..\ 2mg anew-atom

\

 

