 

I“

("HOT-ital}

DON 2):.

 

 

 

 

Marriage: An Institution
Yesterday and Today —

Can it survive?

The American fanrily. In its ideal representation reflects the virtues of

American culture and idealism, In our society there lras always beeti a
high value placed on tnarriage as a lifeloitg partnership. but now. with the
divorce rate at I out of 2, does itrarriage have a place fit our future?_

M arriage is the most pervasive arid permanent of all social institutions,

.Megan Gray Taylor

  

The image (if iirarriage we all grew upwithTwas iittriits ally tied to role defini-
tions that up until I‘llrtl were relatively well defttred. Now those classic marital
roles have been destroyed both by economic and social factors leaving ttrariiage
as air instituttiotr ttr flux Marriage has existed fit one form or anollrer since ‘.)tltl(l
DC. but never before ltas it been put to the trial it now faces.

Why do we choose someone for our iirate. arid can we ever be sure it will last
forever? Although the potential choice of ttrates is unlimited. we carry certain
preconceived fantasies and social itiflueirces that effect our choice, Western
civilization reflects the .ludeo-Clrristian marriage model which has four basic
elements. (1) marriage is an institution ordained by God for man's good and His
glory: (2) the two persons marrying become one: (it) the union is a permanent
one established for companionship arid for the procreation atrd rearing of
children; (4) the marriage partners ate commanded to love and to be faithful to
each other.

We have also been greatly influenced by the romantic model. Just like in
those trashy novels and sappy movies. there is a real sociological phenomena
described as: two persons drawn together by their feeling of love for each other.
they are faithful to each other as long as their mutual love feeling lasts; and they
are under some obligation to separate if their love for each other dies. Children
and a permanent commitment are not within the bounds of this relationship,

We are caught. their. between the new freedom of the last twenty years and
the confinements of our social coriditiotriirg. Itr light of sexual freedom. redefini-
tion of roles for men and women. a shift In the economic structure that forces
many women iirto the work force rather than allowing them the primary care of

childretr (if they choose). have added strain to the newly married couple never
experienced by our parents or grandparents. And then there is the question of
children. Traditionally. the idea of having children served as a rallying point for
a marriage. now it cart be the ultimate pottrt of conflict.

Wether traditional or avant garde. common law or cannon law. two people
take a vow that makes their relationship no longer voluntary but compulsory.
The “I Do" can be the first sign of death for a marriage wlroSe partners are not
ready for such a step. One of the greatest influences on the outcome of your

a (L trig.“

~ --:

ﬁb; m‘ECIx H31‘33J'W’

“Let TWO Be J oi

     
 

ned As One” -

     
   

 

 

. .- .. ...,., .. .1-.,,..,..e.. we- .. . . .. .....a.. . .. . .
_, #y....t.,....., ..r.....g.... nanny-man M u «- r4

r

 
 

it. if V
labs

rim. 

,w
!

 
  

     

.13.")

 

marital adventure could be the fate of your own parents marriage. Were they
happy? Were they traditional fit that your mother stayed home with the children
and your father was the sole support. and therefore dotninant member? Were
you an only child. were you an abused child? All these are contributing factors to
your choices.

There are no absolutes. but fear should not be part of the anticipation of mar
rlage. There should be no barriers. no games. all the defensive garbage we have
collected throuin our lives must be put aside. Issues of family. responsibilities.
career goals all should be well discussed before marriagt But enough of this
negative talk. here are the words of some couples who have made it:

“J. and I have made it through the worst of times. I've been itr grad school.
he's had two jobs to keep us going. Sure we've had sortie lights but never about
anything big. I've had dreams that he left me and felt utter despair. but I know
that won't happen. We’ve made it through the hard part. the rest cart just get
better."

L. says of Irer marriage atrd her two children: “I guess I kind of fell into this. it
was expected of me. we were the perfect couple. I worked so he could get his
engineering degree and their I became the perfect house wife. Sure I reacted. I
went back to school atrd got my degree just to prove I was my own person. but
you know what I found. I really love D. and our kids. I had to finish school for
tnyself. now I have more of tire to give. If we made it through my self discovery
and his discontent. we'll make it forever!"

And finally 5. arid Kathe proverbially high school sweet hearts. K. says. “I met
her when we were just lb. and love was all fantasy and magic. We. did alot of
cliswvering together. alot of growing. I sometimes thought this was too good to
last. but I guess I was wrong. We're still struggling but somehow it's easii'l
together.

There are just as trratry stories that did not end as well. There was the couple
who left college to get married and the pressures of money and her utrplatitli‘tl
pregnancy left their relationship itr shambles. Unfortunately this list grows much
more rapidly than the first.

The destruction of marriage atrd the faintly has been blamed on many thing-"-
from the “Me “reiteration” to the. ecotromics of inflation. but It comes down to fit
divtdual arid individual drawn together for whatever reason. committed. loving-
and 0P9" '0 Sharing. The words of the Song of Songs speak of love that extends
to the world around the lovers. what better note to end on:

Man!) WO'L’TS Carina! quench love. Neither can the [foods drown it; If (1 man
would give all the substance of his house [or love. He tvnuid utterly be corrteinii-
ed.,.l ant my beloued's and iity beloved is mine...I-'or lo. the winter is past. The
rain is over and gone; The flowers appear on the earth; The time of singing is
goanle.l.l.3;\rise my love. my fair one, and come away. " (Song of Songs Hc'i. nil.
. - . [ ]

 

   

 

 

 

       
  

y kids will be brought tip in a worm (tilt‘l secure home"
“they are very lucky to have such it tttottder/iil. loving. patient mother.

 

 

 

'-I\'-~->In o‘urr .-

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

'. Ire told him.

don‘t you think?"
He looked at ltiin wit/i o soirrewhat bewildered look in his eyes. "Yes". he

riturniered "they are very lucky." 7 7 ﬂ  0 7m“ 7_ w AW

 

Debbie Millman

Tl‘  moot-ed his mother. He was
caution in assessing any (lute his mother
Nevertheless. he couldn't help
“loving environment".

very nice man. and despite his extreirie
brought home. Ire actually liked hint. It was rare.
feeling somewhat cheated. He wasn't brought tip .it any
Far front it, Back and forth between his tironi and dad. shuffled in the midst of
sortie pseudoJamily and given half-lust procfainrations o] endearineiit iii order
to rationalize irresponsibility; this was no “loving eiiviromitent. " But that was all
over now. Twelve years later. the bitterness of divorce is only (i dullness that [re-
quents hint occasionally. Or perhaps it actually is a constant. and he has grown
immune to i
mother has married again. and she is happy. Beneath the resentment. he really
is glad for her. She finally has what she wanted all along. And yes. those kids he
fras are lucky his mother is a beautiful person. It's ironic that her husband's kids
are the same age he was when his parents split up.

He looked up at this new man in his life that was now his stepfather and tried
to smile.

Divorce: it has long since become a fact of American life: there were one
million last year. arid another million are expected for this one. With no-fault
laws in 48 out of 50 states. dissolving a marriage is as easy as getting married.
For every two marriages. there is one divorce. and there are childretr involved
n half the time. The Census Bureau reports that one»third of the

more tlia
living itr homes without at least one

children living iii the United States today are
of their natural parents.

the word whispered spelling class last
friday. . .Jcnny's parents were getting a divorce. Everybody said they taught all
the time. and it was getting to the point were it was affecting Jenny. And Jenny
rd. All of a sudden she got real scared. and she

She is eight years old. She heard

was acting a little ivie
remembered last night,
"Mommy. . .why are you crying?"
“Come here. honey. " her mother said. She hugged her very close to her. “Do
you know I love you very, very much?"
She itodded.

 

"Good, "site said."Don't ever forget it."

American Style

 

   

t. Meanwhile, things have some semblance o "settling down":his

 

She kissed her mothers lace. "Don‘t worry. mommy. I won't.
Suddenly her lather appeared in the doorway.
"What the [tick is going on in here. "he satd.“Get into your room. "

As the divorce rate skyrockets. children seem to be the brunt of much of the
anger. frustration. and despair of the family. Caught in a thicket of rules govern-
ing custody and child support. the institution of marriage. and its new counter-
part. divorce. members of a family seem to be playing games without fron-
tiers. According to a study of preteens by Frank Furstenberg of the University of
Pennsylvania (Newsweek. Jan. 10. 1983). half the children of divorce have not
seen their father in over a year. Only one-third of the divorced mothers recieve
child~support payments. an epidemic of lawlessness that is rivaled. perhaps . on«
ly by income tax cheating. So where does that leave the child? Isolated.
alienated. and in constatrt search for the love that they seem to be missing while
their parents battle each other. until one eventually wins over the other Often-
times. these scars can last a lifetime: if the child Is "lucky" he cat. adapt and
move on. more often than not. they leave a lasting impression on a child that irr-
cludes mistrust. a feeling of deception and/or being cheated atrd a life-long
search for something to take the place of this long-lost family. '

Sometimes the replacement is constructive. othertimes not. Consider the case
of Lisa and Donald A.. two teenagers whose parents got divorced when they
were seven atrd teir. While Donald. the elder of the two. managed to cope with
the trauma and accept it. Lisa never accepted the fact that her parents had an
unsuccessful marriage. She felt somewhat responsible for the failure and could
never comes to terms with the fact that she came frotrr what society considers a
broken ltotrre. Donald. now twenty~four is a systems analyst for a company iti
upstate New York. while Lisa. now twentyone. recently dropped out of school.
and can't hold a job She frequently thinks of suicide. atid cries a lot

l-‘or some the experience is worse livan (i . a boy of seventeen. is lit a refi iitn
school itr (ieorgia After his parents" divorce Ire emersetl hittrself in drugs atrd
thinking. until one day he ended rip itr air accrdent in a stolen car Ills parents
money helped Irittr stav ottt of prison. but he is ilespoirileirt and has alienated
ltiylli‘u.’lf liottt most people

Now that the last fifteen years have gone by stiit e dni it! e in vi iitii‘ll tire lttwl
generation of the t lilltllt'ti rt elfi'r ted rs now entering adulthood llrits, the n r ittt'
plete i-ffei is of divorce have yet to Ive seen Hpct llllilllltlt livrs Iteeti Illttilt’ about
what Iln‘ future holds rtr store for the institution of trrairtatte. overlie-w tr an; :t is

iii if [)1 INII|\‘0

While divorce is ttautnattn tot cluldten. the partners that ittwlitirtlt' lla' wpara
tron also experience tietrrendons amounts. of pain. arid often girtlt at \vlrat they
are putting their children through Divorce not only i'ottrpletelv changes the lives
that it effects. it alsii causes the parents to go through a litttt' :tr their lives rvlreretn
all that they grew up wttlr. and society as they knew it transforms to a lifestyle
that they have never e\pettenced before litve. tt-n. fifteen L'eats of tttaritage
do not simply get ptit away ttr exchange for a new. glatttoittoits. independent
lifestyle soap operas often portray Suddenly the parent is alotie. aird to so
meone who had grown accustomed to one person. this extreme change cart Ire
devastating. If they are separated ltottr a clrtld this new situation can be even
nrore frightening Facing the fact that their marriage was a failure oftetr makes
new social situations exceedingly difficult. The new "dating scene" can be a very
lonely trip. as the single bars and parties become an uncomfortable trap of
"Looking For Mr./Ms. (‘iootlbar" ltntnediately after a divorce is an especially
vulnerable time. at times it could be a searcl for a replacement partner. and
sinriliar mistakes to the first marriage are easy to occur A“ atid all. it is a very
frightening time. and should trot be overlooked because it might be soitreorres
choice. Matty times divorce is the only healthy alternative to a unhealthy. poten-
tially dangerous situation. psyclrlogically as well as physically. To blame a patent
for the divorce Isn't always the case. there a lot of occasions were the two people
involved could not handle being irrairied. for whatever justifiable reason. Some
people just should not be married.

Perhaps there is sotne positive outlook ahead. With more atid tirore lifesyles
being readin accepted in todays society. couples may not feel as much pressure
to jump into sotrreilritrg they are not completely sure of sirrrply in order to fit itrto
someones preconceived ideal of love and companionship. Who knows. Divorce
is still prevalent. In any case. one issue concerning divorce should be made; it is
not something a child or a parent “gets over". Yes. the itiitial trauma does fade.
and the sadness and hurt do pass. But a parent or a child does not forget a
divorce. Otre learns to live with it. Divorce is the end product of something that
most probably was very special at one time. but ceased to be. You don't forget
that. you just have to accept it. i ‘

Back and forth between his mom and dad,
shuffled in the midst of some pseudo-family
and given half-fastproclaimations ofenclear-
merit in order to rationalize irresponsibility;

this was no “loving environment”.

mﬁOm‘Utn) am

2>~=c

r_ .

 

 

 

 

 

Anus-M .u...,—,...f..- .1

 

