.
t
V.

 

 

 

 

 

 

OCTOBER. 25, I 983

 

 

 

 

 

Danes beaten by

By Marc Bet-man
STAFF WRITER

 

vAfter 51 points had been scored in this
constant momentum-changing offensive bat-
tle between Norwich and Albany state. the
game boiled down to one final drive.

Down 27-24. the Cadets. marching 60
yards downﬁeld in the closing minutes, con-
vertcd two crucial fourth down situations in-
to first downs. and scored the winning
touchdown with under a minute remaining
on an eight-yard pass to stage a thrilling come
from behind. 31-27 victory, spoiling Albany
State's Homecoming game at University
Field.

Quarterback Tony Cirelll completed the
game-winning touchdown to Travis Donnel-
ly. who reached across his body to grab the
poorly thrown pass, with 47 seconds remain<
ing in the contest handing the Danes their
fiftlt loss in seven games while the 4-3 Cadets
broke a three game losing slide.

“it was a bad pass." said Cirelli. who
wasn't sure if he was even going to start
because of his inconsistent play of late. "
Donnely reached back and got it. it was a
super catch."

Clrelli probably wouldn't have had the op-
portunity to throw the pass if it weren’t for
the success of the critical fourth down plays
that sustained the drive.

'On fourth down and inches at the Albany
State 39 with 3:20 to play, Cirelll fumbled the
snap but was able to pick the ball off the
grass and lunge forward just enough for the
ﬁrst down.

Three plays later on fourth and nine at the
Danes 37. Cirelll found Dean Aldomar over
the middle good for 11 yards and another
first down at the 26.

“We stop those two fourth down plays and
we get the ball back only needing one ﬁrst
down of our own for a victory." said Albany
Head Coach Bob Ford.

Another 13-yard pass to Aldomar advanc-
ed the ball to the 10. where on second and
goal Cirelll completed the game-winner.

The Danes had two more possessions after
the score but two of quarterback Milano’s
hail-mary bomb throws were picked off.

For the Danes. it wasn‘t the ﬁnal drive that
sealed their fate. it was the eight turnovers

f

 

til“.1 .
ED MAHUBBICH UPS

Freshmen Barry Benjamin gained 139 yards on klckoli returns as the Alban G
Danes were defeated by the Norwich Cadets, 31-27 on Homecoming Saturgeyrem

they committed through the game. excluding
the two interceptions thrown by Milano in
the closing seconds. Three of the mlscues led
to two Norwich touchdowns. The Cadets had
one turnover.

A key fumble early in the fourth quarter.

seemed to change the ﬂow of the game and
start the Cadets on the comeback trail. And it
all occurred because of a broken snap on a
helmet.

Scoring three third quarter touchdowns.
the Danes took a 27-16 lead into the fourth
quarter.

On the first play of the ﬁnal period,

substitute Dane quarterback Rick Jones was
forced into the game because Milano's
helmet snap had broken off.

While Milano was repairing his helmet on
the sidelines. fullback Scott Reagan failed to
handle a Jones hartdoff and Norwich's Steve
Smith pounced on the loose ball at the
Albany State 30 yard line.

A big 14-yard reception by running back
Winnifield Brooks. who gained 121 yard
:téshing on the day. put the ball on the Dane

Two crucial Danes penalties followed. in-
cluding a pass inteference call on defensive

Women boaters record two straight

 

The women's soccer team raised their record to 7-0-1 wlth shutouts over Platt-

sburgh and Castteton over the weekend.

They will host the SUNYACe Saturday.

 

By Mark Wilkard

STA FF li’Rl TE

 

Moments before the Albany state women’s
soccer team took tttc field against the Platt-
sburgh Cardinals Friday afternoon. Albany
Head Coach Amy Kidder had to make up her
mind on tltc starting goaltender. This was the
biggest game of the year. as the winner would
host the SUNYAC championship game. Her
two net-mindcrs. Tracy Knoul and Cathy
Russo, were playing extremely well coming
into the game. Both had a 1.50 goals against
average, and they had recorded seven
shutouts between them. Kidder went with
Russo, and her intuition paid off.

"I had a gut feeling." Kidder said about
ltcr choice. “We rtccded her in the net." And
Russo didn't let her teammates down. in
recording her fifth shutout of tltc season.
Russo had 12 saves and led the Danes to an
ever so important 2-0 victory. The win
enables the Danes to host the SUNYAC
championship game Saturday at 1:00 pttt.

Albany was also led by stopper back Dana
Stunt. who opened up the scoring at 30:08 of
the first ltalf. Stam charged rrp an opctt arctt
rigltt in the tttiddlc of the field and put in itcr
first goal of the season between the goal
keeper and tire post.

"it was a beauifttl goal," cotnmcntcd Kid-
der. “it was very rticc for her to score, as
she's a defensch player and doesn't get many
opportunities.”

Stum was also instrumental in helping
Albany control the big play person on Platt-

 

NOrwich infinal minute, 31 -27

back Ray Priore in the endzonc which put
the ball on the 1 yard line. Fullback Jim Earl
plunged in for the score with 11:42 remain-
ing. The Dane lead was cut to 27-24 following
a successful two point conversion on a
rollout pass frotn Circlii to tight crtd Steve
Smith.

The Danes had a chance to boost tltc lead
following freshman Barry Benjamin's second
spectacular kickoff rctttrtt of 75 yards to the
Norwich 15-yard line. licnjamin's other great
kickoff return of 64 yards htld led to a Dane
touchdown in the third quarter.

This time. the Danes failed to score as
Milano. who contplctcd 10 of 22 for 169
yards in his finest passing gtutte of the year.
couldn’t ﬁnd anybody open on two suc-
cessive pass plays. The Dartcs ctune up empty
when kicker Dave Lincoln had his 31-yard
field goal attempt blocked.

Earlier.Norwiclt had taken t1 9-7 halftime
lead and tltc Danes had to be appreciative to
be so close.

Norwich jumped to a 9-0 lead helped by
the Danes" turnovers.

Art Dwyer kicked a 29-yard field goal on
the opening drive of the game with 11:50 to
play in the first quarter. Circlli kept the ball
on the ground utilizing his fourth leading
rusher in the coutttry. Brooks. and his block-
ing mate, Earl. it was Earl’s 28 yard romp
that got the Cadets in field goal range.

The Dancs' ﬁrst possession typiﬁed what
was to happen the rest of the game whctt
Milano's pitchout was batted down. Norwich
recovered the ball at the Danes' 25.

The Cadets failed to score when Dwyer's
34-yard ﬁeld goal sailed wide rlgltt.

Norwich ﬁnally capitalized on a Dane tur-
nover when Albany fumbled away a punt
return. After an unsportsmanlikc conduct
call, Norwich took overfirst and goal at the 8
where Clrelli connected with Aldomar in the
cndzone with 12:18 left in the halfbut Dwyer
miSScd the point after.

The Cadets 9:0 lead stuck as the Danes‘
wishbone ground game was unable to sustain
any sort of attack.

Finally. Milano. going to the air in the
final minute of the half. took the Danes 58
yards in 38 seconds.

22>

shutouts

sburgh. Darlene chicllc. Kidder told her
team "to make sttre chcille didn't pass the
ball." By keying so much on Levcillc.
Albany forced the Cardinals into many off-
side infractions. ’

The Danes insured their victory witcrt Kim
Kosalck put in a high lofting shot frorn mid-
ﬁeld at 44:12 of the second half. For
Kosalek, it was her fourth goal this year.

Kidder was happy with her team's perfor-
mance. “it was a very solid win. We sltut off
alot of their angles effectively."

The Danes were now 6-6-1 and they had a
chance to pttll back over the .5001cvclasthcy
headed out to Vermont for it game against
Castleton.

The Danes only brottgltt clevctt players for
Saturday's game. But it hardly mattered. as
the women bootcrs capped off their im-
pressive weekend with a 5-0 thrashing of
Castlcton. Kidder said. “They were a young
team, and not very skilled. We are also
young, but we've jellcd throughout this
season." Albany dotuinutcd pltty from the
very opening wiristic. 'l'hcy outshot (‘trstlcton
57 to 5 ttnd forced their goalkeeper to come
tip with 31 saves. Kntrttl lltid an easy time of it
in Albany's net. as site recorded ltcr fourth
shutout of 1983.

Lisa Lttrtt and Kerry Young led tltc Dane
attack with two goals ttpiccc. Stunt tallied the
other Albany goal. The score was only 2-0 at
halftime, and Kiddcr told ltcr learn "to shoot
sonte balls low and wide." The reason for
tltis. Kidder expluirtcd. “was to offset the

21>

 

 

Reagan blames Moscow-for Lebanon, Grenada

Washington. D. C.
(AP) President Reagan charged the Soviet
Union on Thursday night with fostering the
violence in both Lebanon and Grenada
“through a network of surrogates and ter-
rorists." He said a Cuban occupation of
Grenada was planned. and “We got there
just in time}?

Reagan said the island nation invaded by
U.S. and Caribbean forces on Tuesday was
“a Soviet-Cuban colony being readied as a
major military bastion to export terror and
undermine democracy."

The president said the foremost mission of
the American forces was to guarantee the

'safety of U.S.,citizens. “The nightmare of

our hostages in lran must never be
repeated," he declared.

Reagan also VOch that those responsible
for the bombing in Beirut that killed 225
Marines and sailors "must be dealt justice.
They will be.”

in a televised address to the the nation,

 

 

Reagan said. “The events in Lebanon and
Grenada. though oceans apart, are closely
related. Not only has Moscow assisted and
encouraged the violence in both countries.
but it provides direct support through a net-
work of surrogates and terrorists."

“it is no coincidence that when the thugs
tried to wrest control over Grenada. there
were 30 Soviet advisers and hundreds of
Cuban military and paramilitary forces on
the island," Reagan said. .

"Two hours ago," said the president, “we
released the ﬁrst photos from Grenada. They
included pictures of a warehouse of military
equipment. one of three we have uncovered
so far. This warehouse contained weapons
and ammunition stacked almost to the cell-
ing, enough to supply thousands of ter-
rorists.

"Grenada. we were told. was a friendly
island paradise for tourism. But it wasn’t. It
was a Soviet-Cuban colony being readied as a
major military bastion to export terror and

 
 

undermine democracy. We got there just in
time," he said.

The president devoted most of his address
to his explanation of why American forces re-
main in Lebanon despite the heavy loss of
lives. _

But he declared the invasion of Grenada a
“brilliant operation." that thwarted a
takeover of the Cpribbean outpost by the
Castro government.

Reagan said the United States ltad initially
assumed that several hundred Cubans work-
ing on an airport runway on the southern
part of the island could be military reservists.

"As it turned out, the number was much
larger and they were a military force,"
Reagan said. “Six hundred have been taken
prisoner and we have discovered a complete
base with weapons and communications
equipment which makes it clear a Cuban oc-
cupation of the island had been planned."

About 3,000 American forces ltave landed

on the island since a pre-dawn invasion Tues-

PUBLISHED AT THE STA TE UNIVERSITY OF NEW YORK AT ‘-ALBANY BY THE ALBANY STUDENT PRESS CORPORATION

Friday

October 28, 1983

ALBAEIY
STUD NT'
PRESS

   

 

5,

t .

  
 

2:}

 

houl‘drt’t be above that. ”

' h

itch {1
i.

'r—

r 

 
 

«a

O.

 ..

     
 
   

‘,.
r
“h

  

Council protests closed meetings

 

By licldi Gralln
.‘l.\‘.$()t”l/l 'I'II‘ NEWS EDITOR

 

A rcsoltttion protesting closed tncctings
was unanimously approved by Central Cortn-
cil Wednesday night. prompting scvcral stu-
dent representatives to consider walking out
on the comntittccs they bclottg to.

in a meeting that lasted tnorc than six
hours, Council also overrodc SA President
Rich Schal'fer's veto of a revised tax card
policy. and clcctcti Barbara l-lurwitz to the
position of Vice-Chair. replacing Lisa Kerr,
who resigned lztst Friday.

SA Vice-President Jeff Schneider said
Thursday night that hc and Scltufl‘cr. who
were botit scheduled to attcttd closed
meetings early Friday. had compiled a "walk
or talk" chart to cottsidcr the pros and cons.
but that tltcy were still undecided as to what
action they would take.

He said that they would deﬁnitely demand
an open meeting. but “if we walk, then what
will happen with the bus fee and alcoltol
policy?"

schaffer is a member of the Task Force on
Bus Service Alternatives and Schneider is ser-
ving on the Alcohol Policy Task Force. Both

committccs’ meetings have been closed to the
press and the public.

Administration officials have argued that
the open meetings law does not apply to the
two task forces currently closed to the public.
Albany Sluderrl Press Editor-in-Chicf Mark
(icsttcr claims that closing the tttcctittgs is lit
violation of the opctt meetings law.

Council Chair and resolution sponsor liob
Hclbock explained dttrittg tltc Council
tncctirtg that [lie main purpose of the resolu-
tiott is to "call attention" to these closed
meetings.

The resolution “. . . corrdcttttts any
meetings closed by tltc university which do
not conccrtt. . . exemptions of tire law. . .."
and advises students who are members of
closed committees to “. . . protest the clos-
ittg of the meetings and insist that tltc univer-
sity respect the itttcgrity of the open meetings
law."

Council passed the resolution by acclima-
tiort which is the strongest show of support
which can be attached to u document.

Several student ntcntbers of these commit-
tees argued that the task forces were still in
the “brainstorming period" and did not
want the press to write a story about an idea
that was Just being considered casually.

Director of Student Programming and
Alcohol Policy Tusk liorcc tttctnbcr Richie
(iolubow explained, “One week we have it
policy drawn up. the next week it's tortt up M
it's happened."

Off-campus rcprcscnttrtivc Mitch l-‘cig cort-
tcntictl. however, that “misconstrued infor-
mation can come out of any meeting. task
forces shouldn't be above that."

(iolubow suggested that the press be allow—
cd to sit in on ntcctings tnrt be asked not to
write anything until the final policy is drawn
up. Licsncr replied. “Trying to control witcn
the press will come out with something is ccu-
sorship."

Off-campus representative and Bus Service
Alternatives Task Force mcmbcr' Dave Silk
said ltc feels his committee is acting wititin
the law. He was not present when council
voted on the resolution.

Schneider said he favors the resolution.
but feels that once he has made art agreement
with a committee that he won't disclose what
occurs at a meeting. he must abide by it. “if
my committee decides to close a meeting and
then i go out and talk 1'" lose their respect
and be forced to resign," he explained.

13>

day. “it is our intention to get our men out as

soon as possible." the president said. But he
didn't mention a timetable.

Reagan said the operation is “now in the
mopping-up phase." He did not address
reports from U.S. intelligence ofﬁcials that
Gen. Hudson Austin, the Marxist whose
bloody coup led to the invasion by U.S. and
Caribbean forces. was holding a woman
hostage on the southern part of the island.

“chrettably." he said, Cuban President
Fidel Castro “ordered his men to ﬁght to the
death and some did. The others will be sent
to their homeland."

Reagan said he ordered the int asion
beause of an urgent request from Grenada’s
neighbors “that we join them in a military
operation to restore order and democracy in
Grenada.

"These small. peaceful nations needed our
help" the president said. adding that three of

the countries do not have any arms and the
9»

   

NUMBER 37

Invasion force
mops up; U.S.
citizens begin
coming home

Bridgetown. Barbados
(AP) A U.S.-led attack force fought the last
of Grenada 5 stubborn defenders. and one of
the invasion's staunchcst supporters said
elections for at new (ircnadian government
would be ltcld within tltrcc months.

Wltilc the invasion force quellcd remaining
resistance by ('ubztn and (ircnadian fighters,
President Reagan was preparing to tell tltc
American people "why we‘re doing what we
arc" itt lllt.‘ Caribbean island ttntion and iii
l.cbtrnou.

11y curly 'l'ltursdny. 375 American residents
or tourists had been cvactttrtcd from tltc tiny
Caribbean island and flown to Charleston,
S.C.

Pentagon officials ptrt U.S. military
casualties at six dctrtl, 33 wounded and eight
missing after two days of lighting. but
estimates varied on casualties for the (‘rrcntt-
tlian nruty and its ('uban allies.

Prime Minister 'liom Adams of Barttbados,
ottc of six Cill‘ihlicitll nations that called for
tire invasion, said in at broadcast late Wednes-
day that the "military intervention" had
been successfully completed.

"An itrtcrim govcrttutcttt will soon be itp-
pointcd." Adtuns sttid. it will take about
three months to set up computerized registra-
tiotr for tire elections. ltc said. "and three
months or less after that we will expect the in-
tcrim administration to hand o‘ver to an
elected government."

President Reagan httd citctl the safety of
some 1,000 Americans on Grenada as one of
tltc main reasons for launching the invasion
Tuesday. His other reasons were to restore
order after Marxist military leaders seized
power and to bring democracy.

“I don't think there’s a more beautiful
sight than bcittg back in tire Untcd States or
seeing tltc Army Rangers. . . to save us."
said .lctlli Joel. of Albany. N.Y.. a student at
St. George‘s University Medical Scltool in
Grenada. Shc ltttd just landed at Charleston
Air Force liusc.

“l‘ve been a dove all my life," said Jeff
Geller of Woodbridgc. N.Y.. "and i just
cun't believe ltow well those Rangers came
down uttd saved us."

Officials itt Washington said about 500
Americans had asked to be evacuated and
would be flown out within the next few days.

Most of the evacuees landed in Charleston,
18>

 

