  

4 ALBANY STUDENTPRESS D NOVEMBER lil983

i

A. '-..-\.\,~.c ..._v...»«~

 

 

 

 

i
l

Filfout the entry blank below
and take to any
Deadline for entries is November 30.

 

 

V\ A FENDER
\ STRATOCASTER
GUITAR!

location.

 

 

ran belew
Niki“?

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Phone (home)

 

 

Winn—em. “as..- we _. ....

.g.

 

State _.__ le __
(work)

 

‘* Israeli speaker Yinon discusses
total transformation within Israel

 

 

By John Keenan
.-t ism-m IE Aspens I nrrrm
__.__.—..—.—-———-—r——-—.-—

Noted political observer Odcd. Vinon
predicted a “total transt‘orrriation"wrthtn the
state of Israel iii a speech before 30 people
Thttrsday night. Yinon. who is lit the United
States speaking on the lecture circtiit offered
his views on the problems facing lsrael arid
tltc rest of the Middle East dttrittg his hotrr
and a half long speech.
Although RZA/TAGAR advertisements
litid lteralded him as “From the Office of tlte
Prime Minister.“ Yinon was careful to point
out that his speech was made up of entirely
his own perceptions and views. Indeed. some
of his statements would hardly have pleased
Prime Minister Sltatnir. especially his estima-
tion that Israel would have a new Prime
Minister in 2-3 years.
It was evident frotri Yinon's presentation
that he felt the basic governing concern
within the state at this time sliottld be an
economic one. anti he w s quite vcltetncnt irt
his defetise of tltis stance. even if it took place
at the cost of Israel's large standing. Relaxing
the military was necessary for the ccouonty.
Yinon declared. saying of the Arab threat.
“They are strick much more in the tirttd than
we arc.‘il .
The financial sittration in Israel. the fact
that the government controls over 80 percent
of the big business iii the country and the
decline in stock prices. Yinon said. “created
a situation where the only rise for tnoriey was
to btry luxury goods.“ The army. Yinon
maintained. has been supported mainly by
United States taxpayers for along while. and
now that this aid has been ctrt. econorriic fac-
tors combined to present the lledging state of
Israel with its first really drastic poverty level
in the country‘s existence.
“The government of Israel as we know it
will change greatly in the next twenty years."
Yinon stated. “New people. new ideologies,
new platforms will take the place of the old.
arid the empht is will be on economies.
which is what Israel needs."

[Econorriically-mirtded as he appeared.
Yinon displayed an arrogance that was un-
surprising when questioned about an Arab
threat to a military \veckcrred Israel. "The
crisis has shifted frorii Israel to other places."
he said firmly.

l‘lic Arabs. Yinon said. are now unable

 

 

By Fran Sllvermun
\i III "Hflltk

 

Calling the SUNYA budget “a statement
not only of official requests but a statement
which tactically reinforces what the universi-
ty is all about." University President Vincent
O'l.cary said this year's budget woul n-
centrate on allieviating the problem 0 less
teachers teaching more students.

"The de-enrichment problem of more
students with less professors will be
something we will be pounding away at. We
will make an effort not to have students clos-
ed out of classes." O‘Leary explained when
he reviewed the budget at Monday’s Univer-
sity Senate meeting.

To start. the SUNYA budget is requesting
28 additional faculty positions. 12 academic
support positions and 23 non-academic sup-
port posrtions.

At the monthly meeting held in the Cam-
pus Center Assembly I-Iall. O'Ieary told the

 

RECORDSvSL'lZAPES'

ALBANYOZGJ-ZOS Central Ave.
COLONIEOIGIS Central Ave" Morn-way Mall
LATHAMOJCI. Ru. 9 a 155
SARATOGA0446 Broadway

SCHENECTADY 356 State St.
HUDSONOFalrvlew Plaza

ROTIERDAM 0! 400 Altamonl Ave.
PlTl'SFlELD. MA.O241 North St.

   

Senate that the college had lost "Seven per-
cent of the faculty lines. a six percent loss in
academic support services and a I3 percent
 non-academic support services since

Stressirig that SUNYA “is itrtportant to
this state because of its service to the state
and to its students." 0'I.eary said he would
continue to stress to budget oftic"ls that
lltlns campus has been continuously cttt and
 s request are minimal. We deserve

Among other issues addressed at the
meeting. the Senate approved a resolution to
set tip a master's progratii iti epidemiology
the study of infectious diseases. According It;
an undergraduate acaderiiic council report.

 

 

.-..,_.._4 men n- mums-mt ;

 

LISA SIMMONS UPS
Oded Ylnon. ptLllllcraAlrobservor

Governing concern in Israel f\ t‘t‘rlrltrilllt'

 

rather tltan d' inclined to make -.\.ii a...
cessfttlly on Israel. " the Syrian .ltlll\ ll.t\ll'l
gone to war since October 107.1." llc mind
prottdly. “You e\cr ask yottisclt why!"

Yinon also discussed the l'illt‘yltllt' l iliciti-
tiori Organi/ation and then downhill llie
PLO. frorri its iticeptiort. has been a ~llvt't'\\
story." he declared. In loving ilt‘lllll. tic cyl-
pained. the or'gtirri/titiort flllllltl llst‘ll on the
rtiri for the first tirric .ind liit' ‘iiltlitllllillly'
which broke otrt between its itarilcrr ttlt’l
idology arid inoncy ctl'ectiycly tiiltrlllttl the
Pl.() as a potent threat. Although tlir' t'lti
still exists. even tnorc radical than it had
been. Yinon rrtairitairied that Its \ls'l“ iid.rri.c
oti libya and the Saudis for llllllllvldl ibtvkllly'
Irave rendered it a less sitiblc thrc.rt

Yinon held that the tlisilllt‘ylldltotl or liic
PLO was an evtetision of tlic plivlit oi litt'
Arab states themselves. the '\till‘ rum L\lsl

he states. because the french and illr'lls'l
brought them iritti ckislcllcc. llc i‘\)‘l.ill|t‘il
that nationalism is basically .i to: ..'li 'ils'il

llecause of this. any attempt .it .i l'.ur \l.ti\lt
coalition against Israel is doomed llitlll i:« iii

ccptiori; he adtlcd. "lliis is .iri crid  tlir
Arab drcarii of the tlc'slttlc'litili or lilil
They simply don't hate the pun : lvtt it
Now, the utter llllptlsslitllll) oi it t‘ tridlt'»

18>

O ’Leary explains budget

the program's goal is to [llittlilvt ivirlrlir
health practitioners. “At a time or rrcrirlrumt
retrenchment of health can: institution III the
U.S.. New York is significantly lllltit'l cited
in its ability to prepare llltll\ltllllils to doll
witlt public health problems." ()‘I r'.tl\ Milli.
SUNYA. with its \vell-rccognr/cd titadcttiit’
resources in biological. behavioral .Illti quan-
titative sciences provides a perfect \llltsllillt‘
on which to construct a program or \llltllt‘\ iii
the public health sciences."

The Senate also approved the setting up of
a lecture transcribing scrticc tor
undergraduate courses with Itxl or more
students. on a trial basis.

Student Association President Rich Schtif-
fer commended O‘Leary for trpprorirrg art
extension on the bus fee task force report
from Nov. I to Dec. l and lie withdrew his
resolution requesting this.

The Senate also approved nominations for
the following council members: 'l‘otld

Swanstrom. professor. Graduate School Of _

Public Affairs. the Undergradtrtitc {\s'rltlt‘llllk'
Council; graduate student lisa Iill'errbetrr tot

~tlte Graduate Academic (‘oirrrcilz izirttlllilll'

student Jonathan Clyrtiari and S..-\. Merlin
Director Libby Post to the Student Actions"
Council; Judith Place. of tire tcttcliitis' 'i't‘l'l'l
of the University Library. for tlniyctsitl'
Community Council; leaclicr Natl "”
Seerrian and undergraduate student .Iet‘trci'
Selinappcr for Research; and Todd llt'ltlt'lb
undergraduate student for the (‘oirucil on
Academic Freedom and I.~‘.tltics. .
In ftrrtlrcr business. the coritlmlll‘m ‘l'
faculty on the Undergraduate Actrtlcrrtrc
Council was clarified as It t'aculti’ "“'””‘°,"'
at least four of which would lie tlriiiersiry
Senators and eight reaching I'riciiltv. '

 

 

. Wi.  -
w. tilled”

 

 

' NOVEMBER [.1983 I: ALBANY STUDENTPRESS 5

  

Alcohol Task Force releases progress report

 

By Jim ()‘Sullivun

LII/[HRH] .\\I\I.vl.\l

  

The Alcohol Task I'or - has reviech the
current on-c'impus drinking guidelines.
agreed on several policy issues. and
"forseo(s) no difficulty“ irr completing their
recommendations by Dee. I. according to it
recent progress report from Dean ot‘Students
and committee eltair Neil Ilrown.

The committee meetings arid discussions
have been closed to the public and press.
Albany Student Press etlitor-in-chicf Mark
(Icsner has protested the closed meetings
contending that the committee is violating
the open meetings law. Administration of-

IIrown said in ltis progress report that the
Task Force in its first four weeks of delibera-
tiorts. reviewed "materials pertainitig to the
‘19 year-old drinking law."' the Drum Shop
Act. the Interim Alcohol Guidelines. (releas-
ed by the Office of Residential Life at the
beginning of the fall semester). arid “a rouin
draft statement of policy considerations"
prepared last year by "a sirriilar review corti-
ritittee."

In ttri irtterview last week. Brown said that
much time Iiad been devoted to the Drum
Shop Act. The act deals with the issue of
liability In the ease of injury or death
resulting from the actions of tin intoxicated
person. The injured person or heirs lirtve. tic-

 

“Definitely the ambiguities will be taken
0ut...I think the campus will be receptive to
the policy. ”

-—Riclr Goltrbow

 

l'icitrls have argued. however. that the opett
meetings law does not apply to the task
Force.

The Task force will begin tncctirrg Ityicc rt
week as the work of forriiitrg 'I new alcohol
policy for SUNYA intensifies and tire
December first deadline tictu's. according to
Student Association Vice-President and Task
I-‘orce member .Icll' Schneider. SA director of
Student Programming ttritl Task force
rtietrrbcr Rich (iolubon said that the new
policy will be clearer than the citrretrt lrrtetrtrr
Alcohol (ittidclincs. "I)clitrite|y tlie titti—
higuities will be ttikerr out" from the
guidelines. he said. ridding. “I tlritik the carti-
pits will be r'cccptiye to tire policy.“

 

cording to tire law. the tight to sue the person
or grotrp who sold the alcohol. and possibly
the owners of the building iti which the
alcohol was ptrrclitiscd.

the report also sttrtcil that thc conirriittce
has “discussed and generally agreed" on
scrotal issues including keeping “an
academic and social crryiiorurierrt corrdrrciye
to the intellectual dcyclopriicnt ot
studerrts....tlic need for it lctlstills'tl approach
to the cotisutirptiott til alcoholic beverages"
turd the need for party sponsors and group
lctiders to be accountable tor cycuts and s'illIl‘
pus functions.

In addition. the report noted that the com»
mince must cretite a policy which adheres to

 

KarleenuKarlson. Director oil the Oil-Campus Housing Office
Slur it "very t‘tllll/tll‘ltllllt‘ it'i/lr the l/t‘('f\fllll rvi-‘vt' rum/c" regarding

all federal. state. and local laws. and tlittt the
rights ol" both those who drink alcoholic
hcyctrtgcs and those who do not riiirsr be pro-
rccicd.

Ilrtiiytr's rcport t'irrtlicr tioicd that sub-
connnittees have been lormcd to dctil with
specific issues. (lite group "will soon consult
directly with teptcscrittitiycs ol the State lir
trtior Authority." llrc report said that this
research will be ttti “important aspect“ ol the
Iinttl report.

    

 

ED MARUSSICN tilt"

t i‘ltiit'rl [Ht-'UIIHL'I

According to (iolubow. "we're ttlie corri-
tiiittce) looking to get the policy ottt to Dr.
Pogtre's desk before we go home til the end
ot the scriicstet."

At last I-ridtry's 'l'ttsk l'tiIL'L' mcctirig.
Scliticitlcr protested tltc practice of holding
closed meetings. in response to ti (critrttl
('otineil resolution demanding that “conitiiit-
tees adhere to the Open Meeting I aw."

Schneider said that Fl'ltllty mortiiue he
18>

Vonnegut given Distinguished Professor award

 

By Amy Weiner

Bernard Vonnegut. an atmospheric scien-
tist tit SUNYA. was awarded the title of
Distinguished Professor by the State Univer—
sity of New York litrrtt'tl of Trustees October
26.

Vonnegur's discoveries of tiitllltlvwctllllg
techniques iii the l‘Htls and lightning research
in the I'ltltls have won liirii international
recognition.

Vonnegut is only the si\t|i member of the
Albany lttcttlty to receive the honor. given by
the Trustees to those who have achieved ria-
rioiial or international recognition and ti
distinguished tcpttttttiorr within their fields.
llic honor icptcscrrts the highest professional
rank in the SllNY s\stcnt.

lll tiortirrrtrtirn' Vonnegut lot the honor.
l'titycrsity l’rcsitlcrrt Vincent J. (t'l ctiry'sttitl.
"l lis ticli scientitic L‘iIlL't‘l. dating brick to thc
l‘lJlls. lcutrircs many notable discoveries
which time carried liirtr international recogni-
tion and trcclttirri." ()‘l L‘III)‘ went on to stiy
that "the quality of his reaching. his devoted
scryice to the llniyetsity and above till, his
tlisttruritig tritrdcsty. riiake ltirri in every addi-
tional respect it man who t'tilly deserves the ri-
lie of Distinguished Professor."

Vonnegut said "I run very pleased to

 

CINDY CIALWAV UPS
ProfessorrEloi'nard \_I_o
r /)/t'tl\‘t‘(/ to rot

      

receive this honor becttirse it means that the
people I work with tltittk I am doing
something worthwhile. I hate rtriycd leclirrgs.
Ihoiigh. about being singch out and about all
the distinctions of degrees of professors.
When I worked in industry- there were no
great ritirnbers oI‘ distinctions as there arc in
academia." he sold.

It was while he “us working in industry . at
(Icneral l‘lcclric Research laboratory lll
Scliriccttidy in l‘)-ltl. tlr.ir Vonnegut was rhc
first to rliscoycr tlttit sil\cr ioditlc could lrc its»
ed to produce precipitation. .r rirctlioil ‘vllli
widely used in rain and stroyt-riitrkitig
\yorldyyitlc.

\\'|ictr asked about his work at (it . \‘otr
ricgiit rectrllctl \ylrcti lie was it young man
Ilicrc. saying “We ctillcd the laboratory the
House of Magic. and lilL‘ tiltlcr "\L’IL‘llllsls octc
tti.i_eicitiris tititl‘tyi/urds rind or: younger men

were only linens pocus lttiys,"

Vorrtiegtrt. who holds it |’li.|). in physical
clrerriistry from the Massachusetts Institute
ol 'I'eclrnology. has litid tin csterrsiyc research
career Ilial has also focused on aerosol
generation and aircraft icing at l\l.l 'I . in tire
early I‘Mtls. thunderstorm electril' '
Artlitrt I). little iri ('tirrrluidge. Mass. from
1952 to NM and titrriosplreric electricity at
SllNYA.

\\'lieti .iskctl about his ptcscnr yyork \'oti-
rrcgiit said. "My ritttin interest is in how
clouds work and other aspects oi tir-
tnosplicte. iri pttttittrlar ilti\\ clouds i-cticitirc
clccticity to produce liglittiitut. i all” also rti»
tcrcsted iii \\lItIl electricity docs rrr clouds."
Vonnegut “ti” on to say tlittt “their are it
bide Illlli‘J.‘ til trpititorrs sotrtc urctctrroliy'tsts
sriy that lightning is unimportant \\illit.‘ I
disagree. and bclicyc that lightning may be .t

  

part of fUIIIItlliUII of precipitation." Voti-
ncgttt has developed his “convection theory"
on this basis.

According to his tlteory. strong winds
blotting tip trttd dowti in clotrlds are prirrrttrily
responsible for cloud electrification. rttttl Ilte
resulting lightning plays it tolc iii the fortitu-
tion of rain.

\'otrrtcgnt has r’ccciyctl sc\crti| prestigious
international awards including a citation
limit the Arircricarr Meteorological Society
tor his outstanding contribution to
riictcorology .iiid rlic \‘iriccrrt I. Schaellct
Award ot the \\ cathcr \lodilictttioti Associa»
riori. llc \\(ls also named lloriortiry President
of tire lrircriitrtioritil (ottimissiori on At-
lllttsplit'llt llcclrit‘ily ol' lilt‘ liircirititrotml
l'nroti ol ticrnlcsy and (icopliysrcs. becom-
ing only the second person to hold that
llllt‘.

 

Hy lttti Clements
\I III II lr'lll It'

The three strident triertihers of the I’t'csi-
dent's Task Force on University lltrs Service
Alternatives "lodged tr protest with the
Task Force at its October 2R rircetirig regar—
ding tlic coridtrci of its proceedings.“
because. according to a press release issued
by the Task PUI'CC, the meeting was
declared closed to the ptrblic.

The students based their protest on the
recent Central Council resolution which
declared that the task force trrcctitrgs
should be tirade open. The student members
are Student Association President Rich
Schaffer. (lif—(‘ampus t'oordintttot Sir/y
Aiilettti. turd ('entral (‘ouricil member Dave
Silk.

According the press release. the Itisk
I-‘or'ce acknowledged the protest of lllt.‘
students by declaring that it “will confer
with the President fora clarification of the
legal issues involved."

('enlral (‘ouncil cited New York State‘s
Open Meetings Law its the basis for its
resolution.

A separate press release. approved by the
eight voting members of the Task Force

 

Students lodge protest over bus meeting

declared that they were considering three
basic trltcrtititiycs for fttttrre bus service.
'l'ltcsc choices included: "ll Reducing the
scope IIIItl truality of the present Uriiycrsity
llus Scryicc. 2) Maintaining the l'riiycr'sity
Iltts Service by rctilltictitirig resources from
other campus progrtirirs'or sct\ices. .1) Irr-
itititirrg ti fee to whet ti portion ol tlic cost
of the Urritcrsity lltrs Scryit'c.”

flic press release also stated that llrc lttsk
lotcc's ditty consisted of “three phases,“
turd declared that the first phase. "informa-
Iiorr gathering." had been completed.

The press release noted that the lttsk
l-‘orce is currently iti "l’ltttsc ll Analysis
of data and altcttiritiycs." and is crirrctitly
str’i\ lug “to define cote bits service.“ ltrsk
l’or’ce chair Shelton llatrk tlcfitietl "cote bits
service" as those things which are most
essential to the riiaintainruice ol' the bus
system. I'lie final phase consists of “(.‘on-
clttsions and report" the press release says
and that the Task Force is “proceeding on
schedule."

The Task I-'orce was commissioned by
SIINYA President Vincent O'ls‘tlt')‘ on
August 31 to study options for the frittrre of
the bits service. The tteed for such an tid—

yisory commission resulted lrorn butlecl
curs. said (t'l L'III')’.

So far. said (J‘l etiry. tlie_ Uniyctsity has
been able to continue the bits seriicc
yyitliotrt ti fcc. because funds tire being
trtili/etl from other tlepttrttttcrits in which
there are surplus ftttids. I'licse surpluses
arise due to high Irrr'rroycr rates it. other
departments. In these departments there are
temporary job openings. and when there is
an tirrt'illcd postion. money is sated. he Itsltlv
ed.

The Task l-‘orcc consists or faculty. tid-
llIllIiSll‘illOl‘S and students. the faculty
nrcmbers are Shelton think. it professor in
the chemistry department. Dorothy (‘liris—
ritiriscti of the School of library Science.
Sung Ilok Kim of the Ilisrory I‘Jeprirtmcnt
and Tom Anderson of the School of
llusiness.

The tidriritiistt'zttivc members are Vicc~
President of finance ttrtd Business .loltti
Iltirtigan and Vice-President for Strident
Affairs |~‘rarik Pogtte. who is art cx-oi‘l‘ '
member.

The three student member's. Scltat'l'er.
Aulettti and Silk refused to cotiitircrtt fur"
ther' on their protest of the October 2K
meeting.

 

 

 

 

 

