    
  

 

  
  
 

 

   
 

. ... - .. sccva»~.1mmg...,.

“may...” ....

m. no; new: +3»... wv—p‘; W

 

 

 

 

 

 

v .n .1— . rut. .rr.

OCTOBER 4. I983

 

 

 

B Mark Levine

ASSOC/A TE .\'I’()IlTS EDITOR

 

if the Albarty State men’s soccer team were
to prepare a highlight film at the end of this
year entitled “Goals oftlie Year: I983." tlten
the three goals they scored in a 3-l win over
Broekport State last Saturday would occupy
a large portion of it. Combining a solid teain
effort witii a spectacular variety of goals, the
Danes evened their record at 3-3 aitd improv-
ed titeir conference record to 2-].

"it was a good team effort. i'm very pleas-
ed with the way the kids played," corri-
trtcnted Albany Head Coach Bill Schieffelln
following the win. “We were getting tired of
losing close ball games."

The Danes had lost all three of their gatnes
in the final minutes, most recently u 2-] loss
to North Adams in which the game-winner
was scored with l:Ol remaining iii regulation
time. Albany looked to be lit the same
predicament against Brockport, its the game
was tied at one with about eight minutes re-
maining. This time, instead of letting tip. the
Danes kept the pressure oil and exploded for
two goals in just over two minutes to wrap try.
their third win of the year.

With’ the ball loose around midfield.
Albany fullback Dominique Cadet seitt a
high. arching bail toward the Brockport ttet.
The Eagle goalkeeper mispiayed the ball, and
it bounced free in the penalty area. Dane
midfielder Jeff Hackett chased the ball
down. and from a very tough angle fired the
ball into the vacated net, giving Albany a 2-1
lead. ,

“i was anticipating from the time I saw the
ball," Hackett said after the game. “i shot it
from a tough angle. but i was in control all

the way."

Two minutes later Albany was given a 3-I
lead by a fresltman forward who is beginning
to make a name for himself in the SUNYAC
Conference. -

Tihan Presbie stole the ball from
Brockport 20 yards away from the goal. rac-
ed in alone on goal and unloaded a shot that
nestled in the net just below the crossbar. it
was an insurance goal and a team-leading
fifth’ of the year. Earlier, Presbie scored a
sentisational goal that gave Albany 11 l-O lead.

With a little more than seven minutes gone
in the game, Presbicv picked tip a loose ball
about 35 yards away from the Eagle net.
Coming from out of rtowitere, he took con-
trol of the ball, ran in between two Brockport
players on the left wing, caiite iii on goal and
flicked the ball into the net while lie was at a
seemingly impossible angle.

“i got the ball past those two guys. and
then i went as fast as i could. l‘thought the
ball was out of my reach. but ljtist tipped it
with my toe past the goalie." Prcsbic said.

it was a superb lndivldttal effort. arid the
freslrrnan's name sltould soon be familiar to
every coacii in the SUNY Conference.

“We could easily be 6-0 right now."
Schieffeiin said. “We got all three goals on
good hustle. Hopefully, this will get us going
again." L‘Zl

CORNER KICKS: Brockport goal came on a
penalty kick as Albany got called for a hand
ball in their own box...Danes have outscored
opponents 9-3 in second half...Goaltender
Tom Merritt has a 1.00 goals-against
average...Albany's next game is Wednesday

at 3:30 against Union here on UniversitDy‘

Field.

5". 2.
alt
13;:

 

 

AMY COHEN UPS

Stopper Mike Miller and the‘Albany State men's soccer team scored two late

goals and defeated Brockport State. 3-1

Danes ’ Offense halted in 24-7loss to Dutchmen

 

By Marc Berman
STAFF WRITER

 

The Albany State football team knew they
would have a tough tiitte moving the football
going into the Saturday night showdown
against top-ranked local rival Union.

The Danes‘ expectations were met with full
force as the young Albany State offense was
swallowed up alive by it swarming Union
defense en route to dropping a 24-7 decision
in front of a capacity Dutchmen crowd of
5.147 wet fans. who braved a steady drizzle
that lasted throughout the game. '

The defeat dropped the Darte record to
l-]. while the Dutchmen remained
undefeated at 3-0. Tilt: Danes‘ offettsc failed
to get iii the cud/one ottcc again as their lone
touchdown was scored by the defense. The
offense was held to a paltry 98 yards com-
pared to the Dulchmcn's 256.

l kitew Union was going to be at strong
defensive tttiit bill I thought we‘d do a little
better job of controlling tltc litre of scrim-
iitagc." said a dejected couch ltob l-‘ord irt tiie
losers' lockcrroottt. “We jtist left people
unblocked."

The offensive litte was so overpowered that

at halftime tltc Dimes ltad rushed for negative ‘

otte yards.

"The Utiioii defense just out—quicked us,"
said Datie Qt] Mike Milaito. who had ti Dut-
chrneti defender draped on his back for a
good part of the evening.

Meanwhile, the Albany defense did an
outstanding job of their own, cotitaittirig the
high-powered Utiiott offense. and kccpiitg
the Danes iti striking distance until halfway
through lltc fourth quarter. The defense
cottld have done an even better job if it
wasn't for one unfortunate play that knock-
ed the Danes premier puss rusltcr Jim Curt»
field out of the garlic.

With the Danes leading 7-0 thanks to it scti<
sutioiiul 47 yard interception return by Di!
Mrirk (itiltiski. ('atilield was chop blocked

while lunging foward to try to get at Union
quarterback Dan Stewart. causing injury to
his much-maligned knees.

The loss of Canﬁeld couldn’t have come at
a worse time for the revved up Albany
defense. which had cornpleteiy sliut down the
Union offense. especially the' multi-taiented
Stewart.

Led by pumped tip senior littebackcr Ed
Eastman, who shaved ltis head in honor of
the game. and Canﬁeld. the Dane defense

 

razzicd a shaky Stewart causing 2 intercep-
tions in the opening 8 minutes, the latter one‘
resulting in an Albany touchdown. The
defensive unit also causes two fumbles while
holding Union without a first down until the
MG mark of the first quarter.

“i thought it was a factor losing Canfield
because it had a negative itnpact upon our
team emotionally," said Ford. “People de-
pend on him; if Harry Carson goes down for
the Giants i'm sure that’s a blow to them and

 

ED "ARUBEICH UPS

D'ene placeklcker Dave Lincoln kicks the extra point out of the holding of Rick
Jonee following the Dance' lone touchdown in their 24-7 lose to Union.

 

this was a blow to us."

Said Union coach Al Bagnoli. “i don’t
know if it was the turning point of the grime
but he's as good a football player as we‘ll
ever face. When you lose a player of that
caliber. it's going to litirt you physically arid
psychologically."

Whether by coincidence or not, the Dirt»
chmen put their first points oti the board oit
the same drive Canﬁeld was carried off the
field. Union had to settle fora field goal after
an apparent Stewart one yard touchdown
pass was nullified by art illegal motion. The
penalty brought the ball back to the 6 yard
line where the stingy Daitc defense stopped
Stewart on three consecutive pass attempts.
including a big sack by dcfctisive cttd ’l'otn
Fogarty and two pass deflections by corner
back .Ioe Campbell attd (ittluski. respectively.
Kicker Mark McKelvoy then ctttitc on to cut
the Dane lead to 7-3. connecting on a lit yard
field goal with 8:28 left iii the half.

On their very ticxt poss ‘."on. Union was
left with excellent field position on the
Albany 30 following a partially blocked pittit
by defensive ettd Mark ’l‘tivititm.

Nine plays later, Stewart showed that lie
doesn‘t just ltuve a fitic throwing arm, as lie
took the ball in himself front six yards out on
a quarterback option at the 3:36 mark of the

 

' half. With McKelvoy's extra poiitt hitting the

right crossbar, the Danes went into the
lockcr‘rootn still in the contest, down 9-7.

However, the Albany offense came out in
the tltird qttttrler just as impotent as they
were iii the first half. Their impotency led to
a Union touchdown that broke the Darics'
brick.

Stttrtitig off front their own 20, pettaltics
and sticks brought them inside the 5 yard line
oit fourth down. Punting frotn deep in his
owrt endzone, (inluski booted thti brill to
return mutt Alex Rita who run it 3‘) yards for
it Union score at the 6:38 mark. Following tl
2-point conversion. the Dutchmen led l7‘7. rt

.22;-

 
 

 
  

VOLUME LXX

~~Hﬁvc~~--r~u~--A- NW”... ...- .,.-». m. ... _

ALBA
SI §TUD T
v RES _

 

Friday

._ . mes; :-.: __

October 7, 1983

NUMBER 31

 

 

Vonnegut addreSses the serious with humor

 

By Phyiiss chkowitz

Mixing serious topics with nonsensical
ones. writer Kurt Vonnegut riiaiiaged at once
to botlt amuse his audience and give them a
lesson iii consciousness-taising, diirittg his
speech Thursday night iii the Campus (fetttcr
liallroom.

To rtttitisc his attdicrtcc ltc named his
speech: “How to Get a .lob like Mine."
'i'hcn, moving to ntorc serious topics, ltc
discussed wtir and pttcilisni.

lie criticitcd his owtt profession,
stiyittg.”tviore major league baseball players
make at better living thitu writers. My advice
to you is to go into athletics."

For those iii the audience currently writing
stories. Vonnegut advisetl.”’l'hro\v out the
first six pages; this will leave you with a thrill-
ittg beginning."

Vonnegut answered what he described as
tltc “hurtling question on every campus: 'l)o
you use a word processor"? l was going to."
he answered. “Apple offered one almost
free. btit it would riiitt the woman who types
my final ililllillsclim. i won't be responsible
for creating another bug lady." he explained.

Vonnegut commented on what hc felt was
Atncricu's gt -titcst contribution to the world.
“Some would say jllll, bitt i say Alcoltolics
Anonymous. it‘s the first orgaui/utiott to
tackle problems of dangerous. pleasure-
giving substances." Everything is brought
down to a human. person to person level. he
asset ted. it was provcti so sticcesful, he said.
that there is now cvcit u (lurnblcrs
Anonymous.

 

"You are unlucky to be yoiitig,totlay," he
told students. "Progress scents to be making
you useless. unless you want to be working in
a fast food chain. it's imperative for your
generation to answer a nagging question:
What are people for? My generation has
tlonc enough. i can't explain it." be main-

 

tairted.

Vonnegtit's basic premise throughout the
speech is that technological progress requires
caution. There are good inventions and bad
inventions. ltc said.

A good ittvcittiotr is a paper clip, it bad in-
vention is it rocket with a warhead or a
firearm. "if you want to see evil plain.“ he
noted. “look down on arty missile silo. We
have it right to fer 'cvil technology."

Vonnegut showed ltow lie brought math to
literature by drawing graphs based on the
plotlitic of novels and plays. with rising and
dipping curves. The problctti with people, lie
said. is that they expect their lives to full that
way also. “All ttf tlicsc stories are supposed
to be storics. tiol lives." he said. A great deal
ol unhappiness :ttid doubting stems frotii thttt
rtiisutttlcrstanding. s'tid Vottttegut.

An outspoken critic of firearms and gun
laws. Vonnegut critici/ctl those people who
admire and use guns. “'l'ltcrc is almost as
much skill to use a cigarrcttc lighter as it
l’itcatm. It’s ridiculous to praise that skill.
You might as well praise using it '/.ippo. rt llic.
or u pop-tip toaster,“ he iiitiintuincd.

'l'yiitg together his seemingly disconnected
tirade against technology, his udiitiitttioti l‘ot
Alcoholics Anotiytrtous and its emphasis on
people, and his fear of the lack of usefulness
of man iii the fittme. Votitiegttt identified
another type of addict.

 

 

“l'hcrc are people who are dangerously
hooked on preparations for war. Let us
rcttli/c how dangerous such people are and
stop encouraging tltcttt."ltc warned the air-
dicnce.

“(ionipulsivc preparers are as dangerous
and its tragic as a wino passed ottt iii a toilet
stall at a bus station.” he added.

Vonnegut ended his speech with it dramatic
story. "Suppose we had an alcoholic for a
President and all of his close friends are
alcoholics. Suppose he was told that if he
lttid one more drink the whole world would

Author Kurt Vonrgqut

"My advice to you it to go t'Iterr/ﬂifidiﬁ'. "

 

 

blow tip. So he throws out all the alcohol iii
the White House. even th- ril'tershave col—
ogrtc. Now. he's very proud of what he's
done. btit it's ttigltttiritc and he's feeling a lit~
tlc sltukcy and restless. lie goes irtto the
refrigerator lookirtg for a Tub or a Diet Pepsi.
and there. behind the FIL‘HL‘hS' mustard is a

 

Eilch SPIEGEL UPS

can of Budweiser. What do you think, he
would do'.’ 'l'hat‘s tltc end ol'my specclt."

Vonnegut ltas written many well-known
books, including Cat's Cradle. Slaughter
Home /~'ri't'. and P/tU’l‘f Piano. “is speech
was sponsored by Sp -itkcr's Forum. I l

 

 

By Nicole Keys
S‘I'AH’ II’RHER

 

Off-campus representative Hatrtilton South resigned
frorn Central Council Wednesday night. South said he
resigned partially because he hopes to be appointed as it
justice in the SA Supreme Court. but also bccatise Coun«
cil leaders "showed blatant disregard for several people
who have been involved iit SA."

South added. however. "regardless of my Sttpremc
Court appointment, my resignation front Council would
have been immitient."

South criticized the committee chair appointments. say-
irtg they passed over several members. most notably, Nan»

cy Killian. Drive Silk and himself. He added that he had .

 

applied for two contrttittce chair positions tiitd had not
been interviewed for eitltcr of them.

During the meeting, representative Dan Altman
disctissed a proposal outlining a new escort service which
he arid three otltcr sttidetits have itiitiated.

The proposal is expected to be submitted this week to
SUNYA President Viitccttt ()‘l.cary for possible universi-
ty ftitidirig approval. .

Tltc new escort service ltas bectt tentatively scheduled to
begin Nov. 1 as a test project. There will be two stations.
One will be located in the lobby of the library arid the se-
cond at Dutch Quad. According to Altman. the service
will rtitt from 8:30 to midnight and escort teams will cort-
sist of at least one woman.

Altntan explained that the escort system is being

 

  
 
 
 
 
 

Council leaders “showed blatant disregard for several
people who ltave been involved in SA...chtirdless of my
Supreme Court appointment. my resignation from Council
would have been imittittent.”

    
  

—llamilton South

 

 

RACHEL LITWIN UPS

 

lUpset Council member quits for new positionI

redesigned because the cuitcttt service “is not accessible
for wotticii to use. The women don't feel safe with the
current escort service."

Logs will be kept dtiiitig the pilot program iii order to
cvalittttc wlterc tltc service is heittg utilized ntost.

“The main idea beliitid tltc pilot program is providing
research as supplemental itrfortitatioti for the proposal
that is being handed iri now to President O‘i.eary's desk
for approva ." according to SA President Rich Schaffer.

The pilot program will be evaluated next setnestcr by
the President's task force. Altman said. Offic are also
examining a proposal for offeritig credit either through
independent study or coitittiiinity service as incentive for
volunteers.

Vice President of Strident Affairs Dr. Frank G. i’oguc
spoke briefly at the Council itiectirig. Pogtte etnpliasired
the need for student leaders and administration to "begin
iii preserttitig a united front" iti reference to the possible
upcotiiirtg budget cuts.

“We (SA and the administration) have to develop a
working tn'aningfttl relationship with each other" said
Dr. Poguc. He later added. “Our position is characterized
by distrust. We need to sit down at this university ttnd put
our differences on the table...and iron them out.“

Dttc to the controversy surrounding the appointtncnt of
tltc off-ctiittptts coordinator position this fall. the internal
affairs cotnmittce, tl sub-committee of Central Council.
will be examining the interview process and ttppointmcttt
guidelines for SA positions. According to ltttcrttnl Affairs
Cotitntittec Chair Neil Shapiro, the appoirttttiertt policy
needs to be revised because of “potential problems that
tiiiglit arise title to a lack of guidelines.“

The following students were appointed to the SA
Sitpretitc Court: Steve Pcrritt. Chief Justice; ()weii Can
taghcr; (‘ruig Waltl; Michael Levine; attd Gina Ratio.
llztntiiton South was retttovcd front the Supreme Court
ttppoitttrttctit list just prior to council's approval. illlCI’iiili
Affairs (‘onitnittce (‘tiztir Ncil Shapiro explained tlttit

  

7

South hadn‘t bccrt properly interviewed yet. i .

 

 

weirdness}; st» 'iuiir" ,5

mwumwwm "ewe '

  

