 

 

 

  
  

   
 

 

    
  
   
       
        
    
       
  
    
   
   
   
     
     
       
        
        
     
      
    
       
       
      
 
   
      
      
      
 
 
  
 
  
     
     
         
      
       
     
      
          
   
 
  
 
  
  

   
 
 
  
 
 
     
         
  
      
        
      
        
        
      
      
    
 
       
      
  
      
     
      
     
  
     
     
     
      
     
    
     
  
    
  
 

 

 

Egypt and U.S. talk
Washing/on

(AP) President Reagan will assure Egyptitin President
Hosni Mubarak tltat the United States is doing all it can ~—
sltort of cutting off aid — to press Israel to witltdraw its
troops from Lebanon, U.S. officials say.

Mttbarak. wlto arrived in Wasltington for a three-day
visit late Wednesday. plantted to confer today tvitlt Reagan
and with Secretary ofState George I’. Shultz and Secretary
of Defense Caspar Weinberger. Egyptian officials said
Mubarak would express his unhappiness over the slow pace
of negotiations to obtain a withdrawal of the 25.000 lsraeli
troops in Lebanon. Egypt is the only Arab ttatiott with a
peace treaty with Israel and the corttlnuing Israeli presence
itt Lebanon. following the June 6 ittvasion. is an embarrass-
tttertt to Cairo.

Mubarak not only wants an Israeli troop withdrawal
from Lebanon. but also a halt to Israeli construction of set-
tlements in the occitpied West Bank. He is also seeking bet-
ter terms on U.S. aid to his own country.

A well-placed State department official said Wednesday
that Mubarak probably would press the administration for
"concrete" measures. such as cttrtailittg the ttearly $2.5
billiott in artnttal U.S. rttilitary arid ecottimic aid to Israel. if
Israel doesn‘t get rnovittg soon on a troop witltdrawal.
Egypt rec ives about $2.2] billion iii U.S. aid.

While an aid ctttback was atttottg optiotts before Reagan.
the official said Reagan was prepared to tell Mubarak it
would be a tttistttkc now. “We are going to try to keep him
(Mubarak) persuaded that we are making a full effort."
said the official. who like attotlter State department official
spoke on the condition that he ttot be iderttified.

Reagan’s program attacked

ll ’utlringlon
(AI’) President Reagan, his hand weakened by the
November elections artd a faltering ecottonty, is finding
ltts I984 tax attd spending proposals under attack irt Con-
gress front Republicans and Democrats alike.

III the GOP-controlled Senate. Republican leaders told
Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger lit private Wednes-
day what they ltave said publicly. Reagan rnttst agree to cttt
ntore frottt his defense buildup titan the Sit billion he's
agreed to.

In the democratic-controlled liouse. it was pttblic
repudiation with a flourish.

"I can‘t conceive of a free/e in domestic spending."
Speaker Thomas P. O'Neill Jr.. D-Mass.. declared as he
dismissed in a single sentence one of the key elements of
Reagan's budget plan.

"He spoke of creating jobs, but opposed jobs
legislation." said the speaker.

“He spoke of fairness bttt insisted on retaining the third
year of his unfair tux program and insisted on protecting
the defense industry frotn the same Ll of attstcrity that he
wants to itttposc on dotttestic programs." he said.

Stiffer DWI laws sought

Albunv, N. Y.
(Al’) Repeat offenders who drive wltilc drttttk itt New York
should get a taste of jail. according to the state
I.cgislaturc's chief architect of anti-drunken dritittg laws.

Sen. William Smith. R-Chctttung. said the state‘s tough
ttcw penalties were “really paying off." httt lie wants the
I.cgislatute to do ct ctr titorc.

flte scttator said \\’cdncsdtty tltcrc were 32] fewer people
killed on New York's toads iii the Iit'st lll tttottllts ol l‘)N.‘. ils
cotttpttrctl to thc prctitttts year.

“More titan tltrcc~t|ttatrtcrs ol the tcdttcliott itt littaltics
occutcd at night \thcn alcohol is ttttoltcd itt lit) pctccnt ol
.tll fatal crashes." :uitl lltc cltrttrtttan ol a special 's'cnatc task
force on drttrtkctt drttcrs. “'l his is strong ctidcrtcc that thc
sattngs oi litcs was largely dttc to a reduction itt drunken
doting,"

Whrlc plctiscd ttitlt the results. Smith has tttttodttccd .t
series of new bills that cracks down hatch on dtnttkctt
dtitcrs.

"We tttttsl tttctcasc tltc pcttttltics lot tcpcttt oltcrtdcrs to
deter tltosc wlto have been corn ictcd ottcc. ol tll tttrkcn iii iv
ing. front doing it again." Smith said.

Cuomo rules out tax hikes

New )'ork
(Al‘) (iot. Mario ( tiorno flatly ruled ottt today my in<
creases in thc ittcotnc, stiles or franchise takes as it way to
close the gap of SLR billion itt his projected state btrdget.

He did say he would seek about SI-in tttilliott itt cttts irt
the state work force. httt was ttot specific as to whetltcr II
would be throttgh layoffs. attrition or other ttteatts.

Cuomo spoke before about 750 people at a breakfast
sponsored by the New York Post at the Sheraton Centre
arid itt art interview afterward.

“This is a commitment I will keep." he said. “I will not
propose a raise in the tncottte tax. I will not propose a raise
in the sales tax, I will not propose a raise in the franchise
tax."

'The franchise tax is a levy on business .

Cuomo said such taxes were counterproductive toward
broadening the state's economy. I .

 

«Mywwm K n u

 

Ham it up! ‘

Telethon ‘83. “Special Children-Special Dreams" will
be holding auditions beginning Monday. January 3|. If
you have any talent or simply want to have a good time
while raising money for a worthy cause. sign-up in CC
l30. For fttrther information contact Eric 45725234 or
Debbie 458-9595. '

 

Who Who are you?

The 1983 edition of Who '5 Who Among SlttdeII/s in
American Ull/l't'rSi/fl’S and Colleges will carry the names
of Ztl students front SUNYA who ltave been selected as
being the country's most outstanding campus leaders. The
students were chosen on the basis of their academic
acltie 'cment.' service to the community. l-adership itt
extra-curricular activities attd future potential.

Students natrted this year front SUNYA are: . Alcheh.
N. Aprigliitno. A. Arias. M. Corso, ’ ‘oulle. .l.
Dicckelmatt. I). Dragcr. I3. Iidwards. J. Eisenbcrg. M.
Flick. R. Francolini Jr.. J. l-‘rotttm. A. Gray. R. l~lelbock
Jr.. (i. Katx. Ko/in. It. Kwasman. A. LaPorta. 'l‘.
Martinez. S. Rocltlin. S. Reich. K. Rudiclt. J. Slteeratt. E.
Stack. l’. Stoll. I) Townsend. B. Wall.,and W. Yurnntn

Congratulations!

I

   

 

 

CW?” '3???“

Show us what you’ve got

Attditiotts for the University Theater's production of
-Miss Jttlie by Strindberg will be held Mondav. January 3]
and Tuesday. February I at 7p.m. in the Arena Theater.
located on the bascntent level of the PAC. Callbacks will
be Wednesdav. February 2 and Thursday. February 3 at 7
pttt. Production dates are Tuesday—Saturday. March
I5-l9.

Auditions will read from script which is available at the
Office of Departntent of Theater itt Room 262. PAC.

Helping hands wanted

The Living Resource Corporation is offering a free 30
ltottr seminar on Jattuary 31. Febrtrary I attd 2. at [026
New l.oudon Road. Colonic. for people interested in
working with developmentally disabled residents of the
community.

Workshops will include training itt prograttt planning.
corttutttttication skills. behavior management attd
modification. teaching fundamentals of daily living skills
attd enhancing self-esteem of developmentally disabled in-
dividuals. i

To qualify. individuals tnust have two years of college i
level training. For furtlter inforrttatiott tittd registration i

l
l

 

corttact Fred R‘tlll‘ltIID at Living Resource Corp.. 44
Broadway. Albany.

Rhyming for dollars

nttal I’oetry Competition sponsored by World of Poetry.
a quarterly newsletter for poets.

Poems of all styles and subjects are eligible to corttpetc
for the grattd prize or for 99 other cash or merchandise
awards. totaling over $l0.000l

Rules and offical entry forttts are availabc from the
World of Poetry. 243i Stockton Blvd.. Dept. (i.
Sacrantento. Cu.

l
A $l.t)00 grand prize will be awarded in the Eighth Ati l
l
I
|

 

 

 

“We wartt to encourage people to come into this state so
they cottld make a profit..." lte said “I Would stay away
trotti those three taxes."

. .
Programs cost N.Y. mtlltons
New York

(AP) New York State lost at least $476 million iii I982
tltrottglt business tax incentive programs that generally
benefit already proserous firnts. state Sen. Franz  I.cichter
says.

ltt a report released Wednesday. I.cich‘.cr charged that
the programs are “art tttttvarrettted subsidy to prosperous
lirms” without crcatittg a significant number of new jobs.

“The budget gap botlt the state and the city face present-
ly is dtte irt part to the loss of revenue ttttder these pro-
grams." the Manhattan Democrat said at a ttctvs cott-
l'ctcttcc. I

“lltc tttujot beneficiaries of these programs have been
the big boys. the glamorous. the prosperous. the financial
institutions. feeding at the trough like pigs," I.cic|ttcr said.

l~ourtccn programs were rtatttcd ill the report, ittclttdittg
the .loh lrtccntitc Program. the investment and employ-
tttcttt tax credits. the upstate business c\critplion. attd the
New York ('ity Industrial attd (‘otttmct‘ical lttccntivc Board
progtrittt.

Arms talks continue

) . ’ I (it‘llt'l'll, .S'wilzcr/rrnrl
(Al I U.S. and Soviet ttcgottatois conducted three hours of
talks today on reducing llIL'LllltlllrltlllllL' ttuclcar missiles in
l ntopc. lollowtttg efforts by both sides to will l-utopctttt
support lot tltcit positions.

N“ I : ' I ' - ' t I' ' '

I tlLl llls ol IllL discussions out .irtttounccd. III keeping
with tltc mutual agreement to say nothing pttbliclv about
the tttlks. lltc two sides are schcdttlcd to trtccl :tgrtitt l'ucs-
tlil\‘.

lllc NA It) allies plan to slttll deploying hundreds ot new"

tnrssrlcs Ill l-utopc itt |)cccmlict if tltcrc is no agreement at
the bargaining table.

Asked ll be ctpccts an accord this ycttr. Stuict dclcgttlc
\ult A. lstttstrisky said before tltc talks resumed: “I don't
know ."

Moments later. vetcrtttt ttlttts corttrol ckpct‘l Paul II
Nit/c tittttcd at the Soviet diplomatic tttissiott itt (icneva to
start bargtntng alter a two~tnonth tcccss. lle declittcd to
cortttttettt to reporters.

Birth control rule fought

’ . New York
(AP) flte federal government has beett ordered to appear itt
cottrt to show wlty its new regulation requiring clinics to
notify parents when teen-tigers ttrtder 18 wartt to obtaitt
prescription birth control should ttot be blocked.

Wltile the regulation was being entered Into the Federal,

Register iti Washingon on Wednesday. state Attoruct
General Robert Abrams and three civil liberties groups filed
cotttpanioti lawsuits itt Manhattan federal court challenging
the legality of the regulation.

 Judge llenry Werker ordered the government to tip
pear tn court by next Thursday to show cituse why the
regulation sltottld n0t be enjoined. It is scheduled logo into
effect Feb. 25.

Abrams. the American Civil Libertitics Union. the New
York CiVil Liberties Union arid the Center for (‘onstittr
ttottal Rights said the rule violates a federal stattttc that sti\\
contraceptives tttttst be tttadc available to lcen-agct's otra
voluntary attd confidential b'
' They also cltttrged that it violates adolesccttts’ cottstitu
trottal rights to privacy attd discriminates on the basis ol sc\
stttcc only females obtain prescription contraceptives.

Wale’sa employed again

_ (irlo/rsk. I’o/um/
(Al’) The [coin Shipyard has pttt Lech \‘Valcsri back on thr-
payroll. but still won't let him start work lllllll ltc product'-
documents showing ltc was not ctttploycd clsewhcie illltl hm.
his business affairs with the banned Solidarity ttrtiott III
order. It spokesman for the labor leader said.

Witlcsa. who was detained under martial law lot llt‘ttll\ .:
year. tried to get ltis job back Jan. [4 httt was turned d\\-|\
at the gates of the ship " 'd. where he founded Solidutttt
during August Will) strikes.

Shipyard officials told ltittt that belorc ltc could return.
ltc tttttst obtaitt the govcintttcnt certification.

A spokesman at thlcsti‘s .tpatttttcnt said \\'cdttc~.d.it
that Wrilcsa was stttttrttortcd by shipyard officials who told
liittt he had bcctt placed on the payroll cl'l'cctivc .ltltl. I7, but
\llll needed the doctuttcttts.

Solidarity suspended ttltctt martial law was ilttpttst‘tl ltw
l3. Will arid was lotmully banned last Oct. H.

 

 

Cancer linked with plant

(M, \ I I ‘ ' Birthing/Wt
) 1 n unusually large number ol deaths Itom liltllll
cancer attd other tumors of the ltcad among workers at the
Rocky I‘lals ttttclcar weapons plant s'patkcd ttcw culls
Wettdcsdtiy for independent ntonitet‘ing of the nation's
ttlotntc progrttttt.

I  study by l.os Alatttos National Laboratory shows the
tttctdettcc of death frotn brain cattccr artd unspecified head
tumors among workers and fortrter workers at the Col-
ortulo plutonium plattl over 26 years could be nearly twice
the natiottal average.

. Whtlc expressing concern. Department of Energy Ul‘
ftctals ntaltttain the epidemiologic studies show no connec-

 

tlort between plutonium. one of the most toxic substances
known. and the deatlts.. . ._ . ., .,

r r

 

    

Wellington Hotel’ I
causing a severe financial deficit

By Bill Brewster

_._._ .._.._. __._._ __ ____

The Wellington Hotel. ltortte of approx-
imately ISO SUNYA students. lost 5144.052
in fiscal year 'itl- 82. according to a report
by the Albany Times Union. It is not yet
known how the students will be affected.

The 70 year-old hotel. owned by the city
of Albany. is tnanaged by Reuben Ger-
sowitr. Democratic leader of Albany‘s 14th
Ward. (iersowitl. said Wednesday tltat the
ltotcl had no financial problents despite
revcittte losses and that student rates were
ttot raised bettveett the fall and spring
semesters.

When asked for ittfortttatiort on future
stttdettt rates. (Iersow‘itr said. "I can't tell
you now. We don‘t know yet."

Because the ltotcl is owned by the city of
Albany. its deficit was fittattccd by city tas-
paycrs. 'l'lte arttottttt of revenue lost was
publici/cd by a 'l'illrcs Union article tttt l)cc.
it which ttotcd that the hotel did business
“with it favored few. at sotttctimcs tttflated
prices dIItl with apparently no attcrttlott to
state tcuuitctttcnts about competitive bid«
ding."

'l'ltc ltllL'f charge referred to contracted
sctticcs that accounted for approximately
20 percent of the hotels l‘)lll»82 expen-
dittttes. according to the 'I'irm'st Union.
Iltcsc included painting. plumbing.
clctittot repair. littctt service. and general
Ltllpctllly sct'ticcs that were pcrfortttctl by
particular companies at higher than average
rates.

()1th cspenditurcs inclttded approx-
imately “30.000 for the ltttlcl's payroll attd
$3.000 itt itttetcst paytttcttts on loans used to
finance the payroll. The total cost of runn-
ing the hotel itt fiscal '81- K2 was $505.9”
the lion‘s Union said.

Sewage smell

A smelly sewage leak at the Wellington
lioth is no threat to the ltealtlt of tcttattts.
according to Albany (‘in I-anineet .Iantcs
Wittigatttan. It is “simply art odor

problem."

Wattgttrttan. after several days of excava-
tiott and search. said Wednesday that the
sewage is front eitlter the Chinese
restaurant‘s sewer ittttncdiately to the -ast
of the ltotcl. or it city sctvcr under Howard
Street between the hotel's tiortlt and south
buildings. The south building is ltotttc for
approximately ISU SUNYA students.

llte odor was first detected itt late
December when brackish water began to

Kennedy wins $264,

By 'I'eri Kaplowit'l.
.\I If \ I llllflll

Albany adjunct professor arid novelist
Willittttt Kettttcdy ltas been lattded by Saul

Bellow. praised by the New York Times.
and described as tttore talented than Hem-
ingway or Fitzgerald.

A double-header success story. Kctutedy
was selected as one of 20 MacArthur Prize
fellows this year. and will receive it $264,000
grant. while his new novel. lronweed,is
dratving national acclaitit.

Kennedy called the last few weeks “a
busy. distracting. pleasurable time." and is
now settling in ltltaca where he‘ll be
tcacltirtg this semester at Corttcll University
as a visiting professor.

He considers the MacArthur grant to be
an “astonishing development" in his life.
“This exceeded everybody's expectations."
ltc said.

Tlte Joltn D. and Catherine T. MacAr-
tltur Foundation has been awarding in-
dividuals of proven creative talent since
I98] by supporting tltetn financially for five
years without any obligation itt return. The
tax free grants range front $l2l).000 to
5300.000. and have been dubbed the
“genius awards." Kennedy will be receiving
$5l.200 for the next 5 years.

John I). MacArthur was a self-made
billionaire who died itt I978. He cultivated
his fortune from $2,500 he borrowed in
I935 and turned lt into ttn enterprise known

5 expenditures

According to the article. the hotel took in
$36l.922 in life I98I-82 fiscal year which
ended Oct Jls'. “75.913 of which was col-
lected from SUNYA students for their
rooms in the Howard Street portion of the
ltotel. The rooms are rented at $550 a
semester. _

Since the article appeared. the hotel‘s
finances and management practices have
come under the close scrutiny of Albany of-
ficials. Albany Corporation counsel Vin.
cettt McArdIe said on Thursday that discus—
.stotts atnong city officials were continuing.
but no decisions for savittg tttottey at the
hotel ltavc been ntade.

“We've been discussing any avenues up
to and including the sale of the place.“ lte
said. “but ttotltittg itt particular that I cart
discuss now." -

McArdlc said tltttt the city may sate
rttottey on plittttbittg at iltc hotel, "We hate
it pltttttbcr on the city payroll who does that
work now.” he explained.

t'ity Common (‘ouncil I’rcsidcttt lltotttus
Whalcn lll said Thursday that city olficials
discussed the hotel situation with tier~
st)\sil/. httt ltad tttadc no lirrtt decisions
about its situation.

"We've had no additional tttcctittgs.“
Whaleti said. "but we're reviewing the in-
I'orntution ltc gave its."

Wltalctt said that although the hotel was
ttot on the market. the city was seriously
looking at the optiott of selling it.

He ttotcd that there were no titttt buyers
on the hoti/ott and added “We are L‘\|\ltll-
ittg at the tttayot‘s direction.“

“We sltottld ltavc an indication within
the next (it) days." he said.

Director of Residential Life at SIJNYA.
.loltn lvlattonc. maintained tltut relations
beltveett the Wellington and the trttitersity

seep ttttder a baseboard lit the underground
cortitlor that links the two buildings. lltc
foul-smelling water tltcrt trickled down the
corridor chasing away Wellington ('oll'cc
Shoppe attd Restaurant customers. attd
making things difficult for tenants.

'I‘hc odor did ttot reach the dottttitot y
section of the ltotel. bitt it was noticeable to
students who ttscd the hallway.

"It stuttk ltorttbly at first." said one stu-
dcttt resident. "but you get used to it."

"(It yott wear a gas mask or rtitt dowtt
the hall holding your nose." added another
who noted thc smell still lingered.

 

 

 

 

Novelist William Kennedy __

A I983 MacArthur Prize Fella w.
as Banker's Life attd Casualty. His son. J.

Roderick MacArthur is chairman of the
Prize Fellows program which looks for “ex-
ceptional talent. originality. self-direction
and promise for the future“ antottg its catt-

dldates.

Mystery surrounds the selection process

JANUARYZB. I983 t2 ALBANY STUD

 

Facade ol the Hotel Wellington
Suffering ir't'i'ltrri' Iottt't tlllt/ \t'woet' It'ukirct't.
were good. and that the hotel ltad been
“very sttppottisc" ol the stttdcnt's ltttttg
tltcte. He noted that lie \\.I\ .tttatc ot the
lllllt‘\ Unron article that publicized ltotcl
losses. btit said no discussions had been
ltcld concerning any problems.

"If tltctc was a reason lot cottccttt.“ ltc
c\plaincd. "they (Wellington tttanagcntcttt)
would lI'.t\t.‘ picked tip the phone and

discussed it."

Mattotte explained that tlIc unttctstty
was tollowittg regular |\lttL'L‘tltllc"i itt terms

seeping into hotel hallway

"Some sctsttgc leaking from one of thc

' two scttcrs sontchow sccpcd though cracks
irt the corridor baseboard :utd llnoi.'
Waugman csplairted. ” lltc lIalltttty is \cty
low ill the ground and both st‘\\t'l s are near-
by." He said that the leak would ttot :itlcct
drinking water .tt the ltotcl. and that the
odor wits trot tosic.

\Vatigatnatt said llltll the leak \\t|s bcittg
treated by city public works crew s. and was
ol either the city or the

the tcsportsihilitt
which

(‘hincsc restaurant depending on
scttct is found to he backing up.
Bill Ilrcttster

since no oitc cart ditcctlt appl) lor the
awards: appto\ittt.itcly lilil pcoplc scout the
country and make anonymous nomina-
ttons.

Ari Albany ttatitc now liting itt Atctill
Park. thv Jersey. Kcttttcdy. ‘
first part-time teaching job at SUNYA itt
I974 wltctt Professor William I-.. Rowlcy
began the school‘s first journalism pro-
gram.

“Instead of hiring so-callcd ‘joutttalistn
educators.‘ I decided to ltirc real jour-
ttalists." esplaincd Rowlcy.

Before starting his part-time job at

. SUNYA. Kcttttedy worked as a reporter for
the Albany Titties Union iii the l950s. tltett
became managing editor of the Sun .Imor
Puerlo Rico Slur. He returned to the Times
Union in 1963.

Kennedy taught Journalism 300 wltilc lie
tvtts struggling to get a book pttblisltcd.
When he needed more ntoncy, Kennedy
began teaching tttore courses. said Rowlcy.

"He was it hell of a good teaclter."
Rowlcy added.

Ironwood. released in ltardcover this
tnonth by Viking Press. is dedicated itt part
to Albany professors Torn Smith attd Harry
Staley. Staley says he's delighted but ttot
surprised at Kennedy's success. “He's been
so good for so long." Staley noted. at one
little afraid Kennedy would ettd tip being
only postlttttttously recognized.

Staley ls convinced Kennedy's work ex-
ceeds that of Hemingway and Fitzgerald.

 

. began his

ol :trtttttt'tne ltotcl use by studcttts III the
lttttttc.

"Notmtillt \tc'd sll down next rttorttlt or
.o and go otcr .ttty changes itt rules and so
on." he sitttl. "We haven't bcgtttt to hate
distrust-tits with lllc Wellington itt tctitts of
biotic use at tltts tirnc."

llc c\p|tttttcd that no altcrtuttitc housing
plans had been discussed in case students
tillllltll lht.‘ llte ltotcl ttt future years.

"Students lIItIkt' personal contracts with
the ltotcl for their rooms." he added. ex-
plaining tltut the university is ttot directly
ttttoltcd \\llll those contracts attd is riot in-
‘.t\l\L‘tl with the Wellington financially.

Strident icttt comprised the bulk of the
hotcl's Phil-ti: retenuc. accordittg to the
lion's (into/r article. Other room rentals ac-
LtllllllCLl for Stood-1‘) with 20 of Illc rooms
t!t)lllt: to occkl) or monthly tctttcts. llte rc-
rtttttrtittg til) toottts went to otctnighl guests
who paid tipptmiunttcly $25 to SJS a day.
In contrast. the Albany lliltott just across
State Street front the Wellington. charged
$55 to $75 for d single roottt and $70 to $90

lot .i tltllllllc.

According to thc article. (leis-twill mann-
ttiinctl that c\tcttsite renovation uottld he
needed tn order to tttakc Ihc ltotcl coin-
pctititc its a ptttutcly otvttcd bttsittcss.

000 and novel success

c\crt ritrtlittc Shukcspcattc. Kcnttctlt tcgttt'ds
Hurley‘s conttttcnts as “affectionate hyper-
ltulc."

The Ink I'rrick. published itt Not). was
Kennedy‘s first book. Li'gt (I975). [Iii/y
I’ltlt'lirn‘t (il‘t‘tl/(‘AI Gulllt’ (197M. and

Irolrtt'i't't/ (I‘lllfl) followed. which are all set
in Depression era Albany.

"I read the last tltrec tttanuscripts. They
simply ttcrc c\citing front the beginning."
Stale) said.

lII an earlier interview, Kennedy said
tlterc was no need to out cl the world to fittd
interesting characters and places to write
about—he was able to find color attd ctcitc-
tttettt itt Albany.

Iro/tn'cerl ltas jttst been accpted by the
Book of the Motttlt Club. while Lugs attd
Bill y Plre/an '.s' Oreo/av! Gillllt’ are now being
published itt paperback.

Currently. Kennedy is working on a nort-
fiction book entitled 0 Albany. to be co-
publishcd by Viking and Washington Park
Press.

New York Times book reviewer

ristoplter Lehtnattn-Haupt celebrated
iriutweerl's rich plot and “dramatic ten-
»ion." while Time magazine reviewer Paul
Cn'ay urged his audience to rettd Kennedy's
novels “and then pray for more."

Kennedy does not know whether he will
coute back to teach in Albany next year. “I
may ~ I really don't know yet." he said.
“I'm still trying to clear my ltead. I‘ve had
terrific writing students in Albany." [I

it "it?"  ' i'

 
  
   
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
   
   
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
    
 
  
   
 
   
   
  
  
 
    
  
   
      
       

 

