W 

Confessions Of
A Reformed JAP .

by'TorI Kaplowltz

Ell stare at the closet to peruse my wardrobe with a
cocked-up hip and a hand holding my chin. '

"I have nothing to wear." I sigh. Even so. the pole in the
closet sags with the weight of cotton. rayon, and velour.
creaking tremulously whenever i pull out a hanger.

Finally I select a racy black and red swaater from Macy's
along with black cigarette-legged corduroy pants which I
tuck into my citified cowboy boots. Now to put on my face.

To camouﬂage my blemishes, I dab on some cover-up.
Foundation smoothes out the red blotches and fills in my
large pores. creating a ﬂlmy, pliable mask. A liberal
amount of blush and Voila-- cheekbones. I coat my
eyelashes with mascara and my lips with high-powered

gloss. Donning a leather jacket. I catch a glimpse of myself;

in the mirror and smile. i am ready.

I pick up my books and head‘toward the library.

The library is the center of my social life. To these
freshman eyes the imposing columns and looming arches in

the high-ceilinged majestic Red Carpet Lounge resemble a ,

Roman forum where young scholars roam about and
discuSs the current theorists.

As I walk up the stairs to the second floor lounge. the
marble statue of Minerva is there to greet and beckon me
toward higher planes of knowledge. She stands there.
Greckly. on her pedestal directly across the room. garbed in
a rippling stone toga. Her face. delicate as porcclin. seems
enlightened but melancholy. Her left foot is chipped.

This is a place where science majors discuss Einstein.
Edison. and Galileo while history majors speculate upon
Lincoln. Caesar. and Marx. Art majors here compare
Renoir. Monet. and Picasso. while English majors speak of
Fitzgerald, Faulkner, Flaubert, and alliteration.

“I love your sweater. Teri." l tttrn around. It's Cindy.

“It's made by Calvin Klein. Your pants are gorgeous." i
answer, almost unconsciously.

“Thanks. They‘re Gloria Vanderbilt's.“

Together we walk over to a group of girls sitting at a
table in the lounge. Most of their books are opened to the
beginning of a chapter. i see one girl using a yellow comb as
a bookmark. I strategically place my chair so that I‘ve got a
clear view of anyone coming up the main steps.

Girls dressed in vivid colors giuttcr around the library's
second floor like butterﬂies, stopping at carcis to pollinatc
their friends' ears with gossip while they glean each other
for even more tasty news. They strut down the aisle like
beauty pageant contenders. holding their books like a bott-
quct of ﬂowers while students peck out of their carcls as the
contestants file by.

The male students are dressed in sweatpants. ripped
sweatshirts and Windbreakers. Their books are concealed in
Adidas, Puma. and Nike athletic bags to give them that
just-got-off-the-court look. which suggests that they are
not carrying any books at all. They congregate around
friends' carcls and speak in loud. hoarse whispers. more an-
noying than the sound of regular talking.

Now for some studying. I stand up and walk down the
aisles where the carels are lined up in a long row against a
wall. People do weird things when they study: some pull
their hair. others play with their eyelashes. a few fiddle with
pimples on their back. and a couple are sleeping. I take

     
 

 
   
   
  
   
     
       
  

Dieter’s
Notebook 3..

by Llsanne Sokolowski '

 

MILKSHAKE Dili'I‘:

you'll be a svelte siren in no titnc.

l)ll'.’|' TWO: IMPROVED STAPLING:

 

DiliT ONE: TIME l’IIARMI-ZCU'I'ICAI. AMI’IIli'FAMINli ANI) VANILLA

Safe. and effective. you all remember when they first came out with stomach stapling.
and then mouth wiring? Well, now you can have your cake and lose weight too. In a
simple medical procedure that takes fifteen minutes under local anesthesia. your doctor
can staple your favourite foods to the inside of your n
flavour is timed-release so you get complete gratification without the calories.

touth itt silicone packets. The

sotne mental notes and report back to the group.

I‘You‘ll never believe who I saw studying in the satnc
carel," I declare, baiting the group.

“Who?"thcy ask.

“Marsha and Eddie." I reply. lifting an eyebrow. Tltc

' girls are fascinated, and we ponder over this for fifteen

minutes.
“What could he see in her?" asked Stacy.
“Yeah. she‘s really skeevy." said Jill.
"Did you see her pants? They're gross."
Meanwhile one of the girls volunteers for a Tab run. Slte

, collects our money. grabs an empty Sportsac. and returns

shortly with our orders.
I open my book. and get through a page. when Jean flut-

' tcrs over to me with some more information.

“Lisa and David got into a ltumongous fight." she says
playing with her gum. The girls spend about an hour
speculating upon this fact.

“They always fight." one observed.

“I give them another week at the most."

“Yeah. she’s really skeevy." says Jill.

I look at my watch. It's nearing ll pm. I want to be
home when my parents call. so I stttff my books into my
knapsack and walk home with Jill. I enter the suite just as
the phone rings.

“Hi honey. Studying hard?" ,

"Oh God. mommy. I was in the library all nightl"

Q.

i wake to “Senses Working Overtime" by XTC. It is 8
am. Saturday. With my eyes half closed I stumble toward
my dresser and slip on a pair of jeans. I gropc for a sweat-
shirt. throw it on inside-out. and decide to leave it. I put on
my sneakers. zipper my ski jacket. grab my backpack. and
I'm out the door. I forget my make-up. i forget to look in
the mirror. hurrying toward the library. and scurrying up
the stairway to the third floor.

As a sophomore. the library is my second home. Its third
ﬂoor is coffin quiet. and free of distraction. Here. science
majors work on mammoth term papers and really use index
cards. Business majors carry calculators strapped onto their
belts like a gun in a holster while computer majors sift
through programs as thick as telephone books.

i spend 40 hours per week lterc. trying to beat tltc ac-
counting curve. I need a 44 out of 50 to get an A. but I
figure I need a three point cushion on this test because on
the second one the teacher tries to weed out the less in-
telligent students which would automatically raise the
curve. thereby decreasing my chances for an A. subsequent-
ly making it impossible for me to get a 4.0. and ruining my
chances for a job with one of the “Big Eight" accounting
firms. causing me to fall back on my education minor and
forcing me to become a business cd teaciter for some
minority kids in an underprivileged school district. not be-
ing able to meet a successful businessman husband and con-
sequently ending up dying an old maid.

“How’d you do on the test?" I turn around and sec Myr-
ha. and notice the blotches and large pores on her face.

"I got an A." I answer. “What did you get?" I ask
automatically.

Will Yurman UPS

i lWell girls. it's that time of year again to pull that dusty maillot out of the closet. Or
better yet. chie girl. .rpoi/ yourself to a new one! Those extra few winter pounds that
snuck on when you weren't watching will be gone for good after trying ottc of these sure
fire diets. We've selected the top five dict tips for Summer
get off those chubby thighs and chase ten pounds out the window in three weeks or less.

'83. and here they are! Now

Guaranteed to not only wipe off 15 poundy in 48 hours but also increase your work effi-
ciency at tltc office. Just pop one capsule into your blender with your favourite mall
flavour (we suggest vanilla but you can do anything from strawberry to avocado) and

SIIS I’LAN

This is the diet trick that Helen of Troy herself used (and we all know what the history
books say about Ilml body!) .lust stuff yourself at each meal as if you were the queen of
the banquet. Discrcclly cseusc yourself to the washroom. jab a finger down tltc back of
your throat. attd iii a couplcatf minutes you'll be ready to start all over again. Just be
sttrc to wipe your cltitt before going back to the table.

knock yourself dead!

DIET THREE: TI'IIE i-lIGHLOW PROTEIN LOWHIGH CARBOHYDRATE
POTASSIUM ACII)I(‘ (.‘OMIIO DIET:

For losing up to five pounds in a weekend, simply choose from these fottr foods;
bananas no less than 2 and no more than 7 days ripe; strawberries handpicked exclusive-
ly by illegal labourers: bagels (garlic or ottion only); 10x. cream cheese. or non-creamy
herring. The only beverages allowed are goat's milk and Tab. If you don‘t lose the
pounds first you’ll at least lose all your friends front bad breath and ﬂatulence. Conse-
qucntly. fall into a lonely depression and refuse to eat. Voila! you’ll have a smashing
bod if the depression doesn‘t kill you.

DIET FOUR: 'I‘IIF. EAT ALL YOU WANT MARATHONISR'S DIET

‘10 ahead and gorge on late night piun with the girls. or an ultra rotnantic dinner a dettx
with him (including tlte mousse). Just swcctly ask him afterwards to lake 6 fch of rope,
tie it around that trim littlc tummy and the other end to the back of his Porsche. Now.
with the hpr of a pair of rttnning shoes. and hitn driving at least 40mph. you cart rttn
along behind tltc car and work off the calories/"tirh Only drawback to this diet plan is be
careful not to trip. lilacktop is simply (Inf/it] for tire complexion.

I)Il:'l‘ I-‘IVIi: 'I‘llli ('()RRI'II.A’I‘I()NAI. INDIiX FINGER AND IiA('I\' ()I" TON-

Wcll. there you have it! Our five faves for the summer look. Now go out there and

 

 

 

 

  

  

 

  

   
  
  
  

“The same." she says. walking away quickly.
My carcl is waiting for me. Its brown imitation wood for-
micn on the sides hides dirt and butrcsses me three ways.
The desk top is made of your tan formica for casy-on-the-
eye reading. Somctltnes I draw Iltlc pictures on the desk
(don‘t tell) just to see how many times the janitors come
around to clean this place. I'd say about every three days.
I should really decorate it. After all. i do live here.
Maybe a little mirror. some wallpaper or contact. and a
cushy carpet under my feet.

Come ﬁnals time. though. it’s a different story. All carel
possession is relinquished. and seats are then acquired on a
first-come. first-serve basis. The library becomes a bat-
tleground as students who infrequently frequent the library
settle into the seats for some "serious studying."totally ig-
norant of the “tacit understanding." For this reason. dttr.
ing finals. I keep a pair of old ratty sneakers. a used
notebook. and a scrungy sweatshirt in my caret at all times.
which guarantees my home will not be stolen while I am
away. The cleaning ladies are compassionate; they unders-
tand earcl attachment. and rarely is my carel touched over-
night.

The girls here are dressed in sweatpants and wear their
hair in clips or ponytails. Their faces are pale. Some look
like zombies or Moonies after a dcprogramtning. Others
are wired and nervous with coffee running through their
veins.

The guys are dressed in doctor's pants or in high tide
jeans. They carry nylon backpacks. serious faces. and wear
hiking boots. They ltave a “library sweatshirt" which they
wear all the time. Sotne sit ltunchcd in their carcls drawing
sine curves with a trcntbling hand. while others work on a
chemistry problems with uncanny mechanical diligence.

I settle down in my carel and do accounting problems.
taking an hourly stretch. and running for coffee every
three. Someone taps me on my shoulder and I jump. It‘s
Cindy from the Second Floor.

“C'I borrow your notes? I wasn't in class all week."

I frown and glare. and say rather shortly. “i need them."

She is disappointed. bttt knows my breed. and walks
away down the aisle.

I look at my watch. It's nearing II p.tn. Why does the
library have to close so early?

0.

As I walk toward the library. I shudder. Its concrete
whiteness is cold and unyielding. Looking up at the second
ﬂoor window. I see bored faces staring down at me through
rows of skinny windows. They look like prisoners behind
bars. strapped to their carcls like chain gang members are
strapped to their ball.

Inside. the pillars embedded at the top with flourcscent
lights look like concrete palm trees. The buzzing of the
lights make it sound as if gargantuan bees were ﬂying
overhead. Books are crowded togctlter. row after row. per-
mitting only a narrow walkway. These rows remind me ofa
dense jungle. I want to thrash my way through them to get
out of this suffocating place.

As a junior. I spend as little time as possible in the
library. It's full of JAPS and nerds.

 

Age. Ll Height 5'2“ Weight (220 '
Turn Ons:}gbjgg will) Shit}: I Mom 9-?
{or t'
year boo l<
Favorite Sbng:_E1k_H¢oglL

Tum offs; t'nsittcen'
Favorite Book: Mel‘s

SAYS EVERYTHING

t he Annual BachelorvOf—The—Month Contest .
omen, Choose your man!

 

jChris

 

We, Bosco

qer dr addiction

 

 

Favorite Place to Make Love S‘l‘l  wailing For ‘I'he.

 

Favorite Saying:N° Problem

 gamma 'l'b Came J

 

In ovoideal - Swap The

 

av .1

Will )‘urmlm UPS

 

 

    
 

Turn Ons:
. Turn Offs:

+le S. '0“.

‘ a \
Favorite Saying: I=Q1L_m//’——‘L‘JL~€ “00 mu“ IV" 1"

i—+“§ goon: +0 Ale r_-Q_._J_ELLQ§____________

AQeL—HeightjilllWeight tSQ '
r l& ﬂow.

. 1: at okowctt.
Favorite Bookif‘l I H1<9 DuLIS. E331: I: I?“ tSsjamp

Favorite 80%:th
Favorite Place to Make Loueﬁw’kﬂQD—r

 

 

 

 

 

 

Glonq a E
is So bl"  I‘l' can'f' E
nk Goal - Anon. i
Joe
AgeLHeightLWeight ‘30
Turn Ons: an” ad Ciess is x‘a/lzs-m

Turn Offs ; incorrect Ptortoutxm-l/pw' oF 320’": ﬂy! alponlfon;
Favorite Book: (an: ‘lhtm’t dealing. milk FlmtntsnYSts'lerhsoJuExi'
Favorite Song: 71‘! [pop genre is a bore} I :Igjgrgjt Comm...
Love limo/AI Qakg' poulrj
A\\c~ll (when slummtoj)

 Favorite Saying: die f

SCI-jute.“ 03‘ “1 MM

Favorite Place to Make

[cad t n35,- ectokme.

 

00ml;

 

 

