 

4‘),

 

 

 

“a.” DAVID BRENNER*****
Wlll. KILI. YOU WI'I'l-I LAUGHTEII

Speaker’s Forum Presents
DAVID BRENNER
On Sat. Night Oct. 22 In The Gym

LIMITED SEATS AVAIL
SO BUY YOUR TICKETSABI-E
BEGINNING MONDAY, OCT. 17

IN THE TICKET OFFICE
ON THE 3rd FL. cc.

TICKET PRICES ARE
$8.00 wltax card $13.00 w/o

Look Out For Nov. 1 Limit 3/T3X Card

David Brenneris Latest Album Will Beg”;
SA FUNDED J

 

 
  
 
  

   

“ 1: .= ”  ,..:.._.' 'Mt‘fvn‘dmag.»

 
 

 

   
 
 
 
  
 
  

m...“ saws...“  W.

 

 

 

Maddl Kun

By
EDImRIAL ASSISTANT

 

The leader of Albany State International
Assembly (ASIA), Paul Capobianco. said
that the group is "trying to reach every single
student on campus to see that they have a
clear Interpretation of the Gospel and Jesus
Christ." But despite advertisements appear-
ing since September on radio. cafeteria
tables. blackboards. the podium and in the
ASP, 30 students attended ASIA's Tuesday
night lecture. "The Bible: Hoax or History."

The lecture. given by senior Mike Fedele of

am.
9"" Hy m.

a r

ASIA L Mike Fodelo

[the Christian group. lasted over two hours
both Tuesday and Wednesday nights.

At the door to receive interested students
were members of ASIA’s Church. The
Capital District International Assembly, han-
ding out leaflets entitled “Historical
Evidences for the Christian Faith.”

Fedele. who began his speech by recoun-
ting "Why I became a Christian." asserted:
“If you're seeking truth then you will study
the Bible furtiterl" .

He also discussed "old testament prophecy

:that has been fulfilled in history and the way
that we can see the evidence of this today. as

 

LAUREN STIYLER UPS

"It's a lot of fun to watch the different reactions. "

 

State quad students charged
in theft of lounge furniture

 

are charged with ripping the old one.

what is wrong."

suite 2104 of Eastman Tower.

of Eastman Tower. according to police.

University Police, Henighan said.

penthouse and fourtd the door open.

By Betsy Eckcl

Seven students charged with stealing a carpet and furniture from State Quad's
Eastman Tower in September received one year’s disciplinary probation, in a decision
by Assistant Dean for Student Affairs. John Murphy.

Because the students were not formally placed under arrest. their names were
withlteld in accordance with university policy.

In addition to the probation. the students must devote eight hours to community ser-
vice on Dutch or Indian Quad and pay for the replacement of the carpet because they

The seven claim they did not cut the carpet. but that it was loose when they found it.
Murphy did not want to discuss the reasoning behind his decision but said he felt the
students are “young and inexperienced fresltmen. but should know what is right and

The students appeared before a four-member judicial board in the basement of
Eastman Tower Sept. 28. Both University police and the accused made statements.

According to police. at 10 am on Sept. 15. Ofﬁcers .lohn Canto and Dave Carpenter
found tltrce chairs. a three-piece sectional cottch. and a 6-by-18 piece of gold carpet in‘

Four of the seven living in the suite were taken to university police headquarters and
questioned. police said. where they confessed to stealing the items from the penthouse'

According to tile formal notification the students received. all seven were accused of
university property damage, theft of property, possession of stolen property. and
unauthorized etttry to university facilities.

Custodians working in the tower noticed a piece of carpet missing from the pen-
thouse. according to Assist. Director of Public Safety. John l-Ienighan. While doing
routine cleaning. the custodians later spotted the carpet in suite 2104 anti notified the

The students said that on Sept. 12 they went up the emergency fire stairwell to the

 

The boys claim that there were other students in the penthouse. but when no one was
looking. they took the chairs and carpet.

According to one of the students. their new acquisitions looked so good in their suite
tltut they “just ltad to ltnvc lIItll couch."

 

 

OCTOBER [4.1983 D ALBANY STUDENTPRESS 5

Podium preachers seek to reach all students .

evidence that God is behind the scriptures."
He concluded by saying. “I have nothing in
common with those who think that Chris-
tianity is historically unreliable and have not
seriously examined the evidence."

ASIA Is also well-known for its preaching
on the podium. “We‘re not looking to con-
vert anyone on campus." Capobianco said.
“We want them to know the truth." He
asserted that “we’re pro-Israel. pro-Zionism
and anti-antisemitism."

Capobianco explained that when ASIA
preaches on the podium. "we 'plug' it out
there. Mike preaches the evidence and then I
present the Gospel. We are born-again
Christians."

Student Stevett Oakficld. Jr.. who attend-
ed the lecture and then left. said. “I became
an atheist two years ago. and I'm interested
in what they have to say."

Another student who declined to he iden-
tified added. "It was a rather closed forum -

everything said tonight was taken from their

perspective."

ASIA was formed in September 1981 by
Vincent Capobianco. Paul's brother. then a
freshman. Yvonne Cuomo. a member. ex-
plained that "We got a vision to start a
ministry at Albany State." She added that
ASIA is recognized but ttot funded by Stu-
dent Association.

"We’d like to get funded but they won't
fund us because we're a so~enlled religious
organization." another member added.

SA presently recognizes several Christian
groups on campus. “These groups can put
up posters and hold meetings. but none of
them are SA funded." said Director of Stu-
dent Programming Richie Golubow. lie ad-
ded. “People have continuously had pm

New Stewart’

By Lisa Mirabella

A new Stewart's Bread and Butter shop go-
ing up on the corner of Quail and
Washington is scheduled to open November
9 and Manager Herman Mandel said he is
already swamped with applications for the
nine or 10 positions available.

 

 

Mandel started taking applications last _

week and has already chosen f ive workers for
the new store. Two of those are SUNYA
students attd Mandel anticipates hiring other
students as part~time workers.

The store will ltave a full deli and. accor-
ding to Stewart‘s Marketing Vice President.
Betsy Hamilton. will try to cater to students'
needs by stockng a variety ofcasy to prepare
foods. Also. I-Iamiiton said. “It will be
modified with a few boollts attd ice creatn.
sandwiches. cltili and such things will be serv-
ed."

Holden's Market. :1 small grocery located
in the center of the off-campus housing area
on the corner of Quail and State Streets.
could he hurt from the Stewart's competi-
tion. Holden's has been serving students for
over nine years. OWner Pete Sivaslian
estimated that 40 percent of his customers are
SUNYA students. He said the new Stewart's

I blems with ASIA on the podium. There are a
lot of people who find the preaching offen-
-slve. Recognition can always be stripped
from an organization if we get enough com-
plaints." he said.

‘ SUNYA student Kathleen Reagan said. "I
listen to them preaching out of entertainment
on the way to my classes. The times I have
seen them they seemed angry and hostile
toward the general public on the podium. I
believe he (the speaker) has a right to express
'himself but if he did it. for example. In the
Campus Center that would be Infringing on
my rights and everyone elses'.”

ASIA. which is associated with approx-
imately 30 other campus ministries. holds
jnoontimc Bible study classes twice a week.
An average of five to ten students attend each
session. according to Paul Capobianco.

Capobianco. who preaches on the podlutn
every Thursday said. "I preach gospel on the
podium because people on the podium are
fed up with religous baloney; that's why
they're not in the classrooms listening to it.
We get our hecklers. and we get the ones who
are searching. It's a lot of fun to watch tlte
different reactions."

We've had a lot ot complaints from
students." ltc added. “But we believe that
they're ttot willing to recognize their sins.
'I‘hat's why they complain about us."

ASIA members ttdmitted to having (lif-
ficulties about getting a permit to solicit.
“We were having problems so we passed
around it pctitiott last year on the podium
asking if 'onc has a right to voice his own opi—
nion on the podium.‘ We got about 400
signatures. People said that they liked us
there and that we had a rigltt to bc expressing
ottr views.“ he added. l 1

sin Pine Hills

“doesn't bother me. Naturally they're going
to take some business from us." bttt he said
he did not think the effect on his income
would be noticeable. '

Sivaslian contended that the Stewart's
shop is in a “dead area" because it is located
on the north side of Washington Avenue.
"Everybody turns this way when tltcy get off
the bus." he added.

Hamilton said site is looking forward to a
large market for beer and soda, which site
said are Stewart‘s most cotnpetitivcly priced
.prodttcts. Stewart's sells two types of beer:
Stcgnteier for $2.79 per 12 pack and Nar-
ragansett for $3.19 per 12 pack.

Holden’s does $300 to $400 of business a
day on beer and soda. said Sivaslian. noting
that there is a beverage distributor right
around the corner that does not hurt his
business.

Hamilton said students may also be able to
do their banking at the Metro-Teller before
shopping at Stewart's. However. she did not
yet know which banks would be part of the
system they are installing. The banking facili-
ty will be available 24-hours a day and the
store hours. Hamilton said. "will match
Holden’s hours" by staying open at least un
til midnight. C

 

' I .‘II I?!”
lynunlu n 1/

U h
w . .mmwmr alumna” .4
imam/linmw mini/m: '

l 1': if}: 4/.‘1/111111' [tin/f]

 

r .
Holden is challenged for student business.

. J"! > t
4.; we: "flaﬂhﬂlﬁ‘f 1" n..uemg.~m\\w

s

 

'- ‘ II  r v _ I
mama/at uth ' .
‘ . MEEth %

"If? ml" mm tam

'thfe‘wm

ERICA SPIEGEL UPS

market at Washington and Ouall

