 

         

4444441444,?

  
  

 

 

TON IGHTt
009

and

PRESENT

A Welcome Back
neck ‘ll’ llell Party
FEATURING

AZ'I'EC (AMERA

and

In the Campus Center Ballroom
. Doors open at 7:30PM

'I'Ix: $4 SIIIIYA Student
$6 General Public

(ASH nAn
DOUBLE Pneer REQUIRED

Tickets on sale at the Door

   

ﬁ‘ﬁ‘r‘ﬁrﬁ‘ﬁr‘ﬁr‘ﬁr‘ﬁrit*ﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁfr‘ﬁrﬁﬁ‘ﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁ’ﬁﬁﬁﬁ'ﬂ'ﬁwﬁ'ﬁ’ﬁ'ﬁ'ﬁ'ﬁ'ﬁ

SA Funded
44444444¥44opeveeeee‘vua1M1eeeeveeuuaagggg44444¥444M.

gﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁ

 

 

 

 

FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1983

...,._...

 

ne vaguely drunken guest remov-

ed her lips from a glass of vodka

and tonic and mumbled. "Should
we go now?" The question had been asked
several times previously this evening. but
each time had been shrugged off with an of-
fer for another drink lt was nearlrrg rrridrright
and though before we could ignore the ques-
tion -— knowing that we were only missing
the opening act —~ this time we actually had
to consider the issue. Brian smiled. l mut»
tered something about still having a drink.
and Amy said. “Let's go!" General scurrying
began as people threw back the remnants of
a scotch or grabbed for tlrelr coats when sud-
denly a wine glass was sent falling onto the
floor. the stem breaking cleanly away. Brian
gave it one diabolical look and them
stamped upon the crippled rerrrains sending
pieces of glass and perplexed glances flytrrg
about the room. This could be trouble. i
thought. Brian is out of control.

Kevin Clarke

The few beers left were stuffed in-
conspicuously into pockets and we all started
down the stairs, except for Brian who was
standing in front of the refrigerator shouting
“Where the hell is all the beer?"

The Chateau is probably the ugliest club in

 

l Albany. with a tacky facade of pebbled ce-

ment and ominously tinted glass. Inside is an
intruiging study of darkness. cigarettes. and
Budweiser. The only well lighted area is the
stage. so small that the bands rnusi perfornr
practically on top of one another and their
equipment. They don't seem to mind and
neither does the audience. After all they
don't come to this arena for good conversa-
tion or pleasant surroundings. They come to
hear nasty rock 'n roll and if the place is too
dark to see where to put your Bud down and
too loud to hear a thing the guy next to you
is screaming. so much the better.

l'm not really considering any of these
things however. as i enter the club. l'm just
beginning to realize how Intoxicated l actual-
ly am as l approach the brightness of the
stage. Damn, and l thought that l was
reasonably sober when I walked in. But now
as l sway before a speaker and clutch a beer
close to my heart th alcohol assumes com-
mand of my brain and i find a place to sit

The Ginger Man Is Sweet

little breathless and a wee bit

frightened l go to open the tall glass

door. Even from the outside
(although I try not to look like l'm staring)
Tire Ginger Man is obviously a very nice
place.

Alice McDermott

Inside we are met by a high decible lnrrrr of
conversation. Looking around. a tad surpris-
ed by the scene before us, we are found and
led to a high table and chairs in the front. As
gracefully as possible. we clirnh up and begin
to take in the surroundings.

Surprised isn't the word. impressed is
more like it. The sandblasted red brick wall
opposite us. the other light wood walls and
bar. the marble-like tables and wicker bottom
chairs all corrtrtbute to the bright and cotnfor~
tably sophisticated atmosphere. We settle
back more into our chairs. for when a place
looks as good as this. apprehensions about
food. service. or other unhappy surprises
(the roof falling in. slurping noises from
across the room. etc.) quickly slip away.

Checking out the various menus and lists
as well as our wallets. we realized that we
were limited The Ginger Man is by no
means expensive. but funds were low. To
surmount this we .ordered. how do you
say. 'r‘ cheap; which happily enough. didn't
turn out to be painful

()ur waitress. Karen Archer. was very
helpful. She explained that Debbie‘s wine.
Estate-Bottled Llebfraumilch. Rhine Bear
(Germany) was sweet and fruity while mine.
Chardonnay Atesino. l’rinclpato (Italy) was
dry. As for food. Debbie and i wanted to be
daring and kept asking pesky questions. but
Karen was patient. knew her cheeses. and

 

 

 

 

VURMAN UPS

down as quickly as possible. Brian drops his
body like a sack of flour next to me and grin-
ning fluidly. bubbles. "l'm so fucked up." |

. shake my head grimly. gazing paternally with
,that puritanicer indlgantion that only a very

drunken person can feel. “What do’ you
want to drink?" I finally ask.

me West clarnors onto the stage. im~
mediater going into their first number. pro-
bably the best known cut from their lil’.
“Hollywood Holliday." it's a lot less intense
than the studio version. with almost a popish
feel. though Gavin Blair. the lead singer. is
howling into the microphone as if in pain.
and perhaps he is considering the blinding
lights that glare down at his unprotected
eyes. l'm standing in front of the stage. a
stupid smile finding its way across my face
when l recall with sudden terror that l'm sup-
posedly cover this event for the ASP. "Shit!"
Running to the bar 1 borrow (well. actually
steal) a pen from the bartender and grab a
handful of papers which have the encourag-
ing sentence. “Tomorrow could be the last
day of your life" scratched across the front.
Now how the hell am I going to write

anything Coherent. l wonder when i am so

obviously incoherent. No matter. I start lean-

was able to advise us with expertise and
pinache. We ordered a small Fresh Fruit and
Cheese Board. selecting Camembert.
gruyere. and muenster (well. to be daring is
fine. but muenster is an irrestible old friend )

Tire service was efficient. Our wine came
quickly. with the fruit and cheese following
soon after. The glasses had a good inch of air
between the wine and the rim (is that what is
rrreant by letting the wine breathe?) The
Fresh Fruit and Cheese Board was much
more exciting than the wine. There was a
bounty of sliced fruit. and a fair amount of
cheese Slices of fresh and tasty apples.
pineapples. cantaloupe, honeydew melon.
bananas. pears. strawberries. and grapes
surrounded the cheese It was quite enough
for two and could have served as an ap-
petizer for four or five.

The dessert card was also very tempting.
Carrot cake. cheese cake. chocolate
mousse. fresh fruit chantrlly. chocolate
eclairs. and ice cream all called out to us.
Never being good children who didn't come
when called. we responded to the chocolate
mousse (who also happened to have called
the table next to us. and looked extremely
enticing). The special coffee of the day.
Dutch Chocolate. sounded just sinful
enough. so it slipped onto Karen's note pad.
and we waited.

The mousse. with it's sexy topping of
whipped cream and sliced strawberries, was
delicious; the coffee reminiscent of mocha.
This and other desserts are made by the
chef. Jimmy Albert. a graduate of the famed
Culinary institute. It was clrocolaty and rich.
made by someone who knew what he was
doing. This knowledge and attention to
detail is seen in the diversity of the 72 wines
and champagnes. domestic as well as im~

The Alternative Albany

Recollections Of A N

I from the bar. The difference this evening is

 

- holding their own with the local crowd. Their

 

 

ASPECTS 3n.

 

ing over the paper. my knee up on the stage.
writing down observations about the songs
and the club that i will find impossible to
translate into English the following day.
Brian is not bothered by airy of these con‘
cerns. but sways and swings at the foot of the
stage. a few other people Jerking and flailing
around him. my friend John among them
John is dancing in a square of missing tile
about one-quarter of an inch deep that 1
learn later he was trapped in the whole even-
ing. Meanwhile. True West is tearing
through their set with awful rntensrty and
deafening volume. but then I am standing
just about inside one of the speakers Not
smart. i decide to join the dancers at the,
stage. Before i was through i dragged two
unsuspecting and totally blameless women
out onto the “dance floor" to my nrerriment
and their furious embarrassment Later so-
meone mentions that l remeinded her of an
uncle dancing at a Bar Mltzvah. “Fuck you."
| wtttily reply.

The audience is the usual Chateau rag tag,
lots of leather Jackets. earrings swinging from
male lobes. and the beer flowing liberally

the healthy influx of SUNY students who are

 

 

   

ported. offered at the Ginger Man. There are
over 30 beers. five on tap. from around the
world and (our pages of light food - hors
d’ouevres, soups. salads. omlettes. and hot
and cold sandwiches.

Prices are moderate to low — the omlettes
are $3.75. salads $3.50. and sandwiches.
three to just over four dollars. lf wine and
cheese are the objects of your culinary
desire. a small cheese board is but $3.75. its
arger version is $6.50. and wine runs

 

ight Out

presence can be directly attributed to the ef-
‘forts of WCDB which co-sponsored the
band's performance. Most of the WCDB staff
is present also. no doubt wondering why
they should ever take what the Program
Director (me) tells them seriously again. The
audience responds well to True West. ob-
viously enjoying the show. A lone lreckler is
subdued and obviously having fun. Admit-
ting later that he was so bombed. “l heckled

'them even though i liked them.”

The band continues to grind viciously
through their original numbers, including,
"lt's About Time." and “Steps to the Door:"
finishing the show with a bristling rendition of
Pink Floyd's "Lucifer Sam." a cut from their
first LP and nastier days. The crowd raises a
tremendous uproar ' and l'm trying to be
responsible and take notes on it all when
Russ Tollrrran. second guitar. suddenly leaps
over my tread off the stage and runs out the
door. Perhaps the excitement was too much
for his stomach. we'll never know because
he was back iust as fast to do the encore. lg-

_gy Pup's "1969" and Screamin' Jay

l'lawkins' “l Put a Spell on You."

Later the band is being organized for a
quick trip to Frank's Living Room. and the
bassist wrtlr the evil looking tatoos turns out
to be a soft spoken lad named Kevin
Staydohar llichard McGrath. the lead. is

slim and silent and looks like he'd Just as

soon urinate as talk to you. while Joe
Becker. the drummer, rounding off the band.
looks as if he is about twelve years old.

The gentlemen were. i recall. impressed
only by Frank's ridiculously low prices. but
that's okay. they're all cute and nraklng time
with some sexy new wave leather clad
females in spiked heels. That's all right with
me too because i know who l‘m sleeping
wrtlr torrtglrt. a mean hangover. At this point
things get a bit hazy for me, i can only
remember making sleeping arrangements for
everyone for the evening and the touch of
foam that was always floating at the top of
my beer

Around (our am. True West is poured in-
to their van to go crash at a friend's. l'm lean-
ing over to slur goodnight and godspeed
when I am )ulted into sensitivity by the sharp
stick of a kick in the ass. i turn around to see
Brian grinning maliciously after delivering a
suitable metaphor for the evening. [3

Sue Mlndlch UPS

  

anywhere from $1.50 a glass to $24.00 a bot.
tle. though rrrostly hovering within the five to
ten dollar range.

The interior and atmosphere of the Ginger
Man. 234 Western Ave. is a delight. and
enough in itself to lure one back again. The
food and wine. with their variety and
reasonable prices. combine to make the
Ginger Man the type of place students need
-— one to delight the palate with food and
drink. and the spirit with a tasteful ambiance
for good conversation and a good time. lll

 

