       

 

 

 I.  Reprinted-with permission hunt the Tribune Syndtcn'to Co

 

         
    

o-ANDFROM HERE ON lN
YOU’D ONLY BE IN MY WAY.
YOU CAN'T OUTRUH ME.“

AND YOU CAN‘T HIDE m
I . . .70 t r. .

      
     

'5“  YOU’RE om msrronme THE
. ‘l INEVITAGLE, ANNIE... I DON'T
a wear. 0 00 THIS. our I'M
._ossro wnasucrrs
‘ NOW 

 

    

 

 

 

 

 

   

ALL RIGHF.’ I‘M NOT
AFRAlO.‘t’ ENEAKIN’
KAT! 00 YOUR

 
  

  

PAINLESS. ANNIE»-
A ~I PROMISE

(F

  

‘ 7.

  

 

    
 
      

    

 

 
   
 

  
  
 
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
 

 

 .u ' DDENLY.’ wH...‘r.Hoevga FEAR HO maritime. luster/w.
T I hear su ﬂ» you ARE~GET ' YOU'RE SAFE NOW-u l NE 
. .  I ' //  AWAY FROM ' t  .
‘1 y .  ' a _' /y
i‘ (2'51 - ' ,. ’
id , ‘ .'
 'uu)‘ I a - ~ Ht . ‘y '
’ {l .- " ’ i" '
:1:  -~  ~ . . » ‘ , 1 A
'i  w VI! Vllwlvlthft
 t . l Blah l s t t r
»; mgsgggNYT WEDNESDAY, FEB. 9 111‘ it PM.
 PRESS LC 7
t 'I _ ' A
Planned Parenthood o
 is now at the 
'gi JEAN PAUL COIFFURES sunva HEALTH CENTEEI ‘me Page
ii SEP— evenlngs a wee . portrtrtities. Tire change was very

Mondays & Thursdays
from 5:00—8:00 p.m.

 d “LE SALON FRANCAIS”

For information or

_ “swmc .

 

 

 

 

 

i With this ad and Student ID. receive a 15% 0 Ointments call 434.2182 ’ ’3 I
 discount on all retail products and $5.00 off a' p 
 T on all salon services.’ ‘ . ‘- ‘
‘l . FLAH’S HAIR DESIGNERS
  0'? ‘Except with stylist: Jean C. Paul & Marsha presems .
, 1
;- ~ ENUE SUNY STUDENT SPECIALS
' ,. BlENV
 ' MARSHA, DONNA, PAUL, KATHY, DIANE, MlCHAELu SHERI. precision cut/browdry $12.00
" ” CHRIS. DAVID. AND JEAN CLAUDE . zoros perm w/ cut/blowdry $35.00-
'Iong hair extra
. - b d 8. tache trim $3.00
’ FREE PARKING IN THE WELLINGTON GARAGE sgﬁlrpturgjxjns $2500
 ON Howard Street-even when “Full” 819“ is “P-
,f c 142 State Street -
'l I . Albany, New York Stuyvesant P/aza Mohawk Mall
‘ B 4oa-fzﬁazem ' 433.6668 374-3589
. I. y appom

 

 

 

 

 
   
   
  
 
  

 

 " CRAWFORD IQuB§ g PABST BLUE RIBBON BEER

PRESENTS

‘ W

v 'u- . MARCH 25- APRIL 3 1983

‘jJHE QNLY COMPLETE FLORIDA VACATION PACKAGE,
 THERE ARE No HIDDEN CQ§TS !!!

TRANSPORTATION BY GREYHOUND. 7 NIGHTS DELUXE OCEAN FRONT
ACCOMODA TIONS. TAXES. GRA TUlTlES. DISCOUNT COUPONS, DISCOUNT TRA VEL,Co
REPS, PABST SURVIVAL KIT..RARTIES It PLENTY OF BEER!!!
" FOR COMPLETE DETAILS CONTACT THE FLORllié gang-5’ 8
Ich A'I' 4131-5645 on 451-8230 HARY on MATH . 15,
n HIKE A'l' 451-8919 on «All.

 

 

 

CRAWFORD 'I'OIIIIS OF ALBANY A'l' 869-1850.

 

 

appropriate and considerably over»
due."

A departmetrt vote is expected to
day which will decide wiretlrer the
new name will be the Departrrrerrt of
Communication. or the Depart-
ment of Communication Studies.
Kendall stressed that although they
are dropping the word ‘rhctoric'
from the title. courses in rhetoric
will still be offered and required for
the major.

The changes currently being
made in RCO were to a great extent
brought about by the inﬂuence of a
committee appointed last May by
O‘Leary to study the future of com-
munication at SUNYA. The com-
mittee made its recommendations in
Jan. 1983 with O'Leary finalizing
the changes.

The ways in which students will
be affected by the changes are for
the most part positive. Kendall said.
Students entering the department
using next year‘s undergraduate
bulletin will graduate with a degree
with the new name. This means
RCO majors may contirrrre to
graduate for the next three years
unless they decide to change to the
new name also.

What new courses will be in-
trodrrccd and which ones will be
eliminated has not yet been decided
rtpotr. Kendall noted. With the
cooperation of the Sociology
department. sorttc communications
and sociology courses will be cross-
listed.

ltt regard to rurrrors that had been
spread by students concerned that
the RCO major was being discon-
tinued. acting Dean 1). Snow of the
College of Social and Behavioral
Sciences said. “To quote Mark
Twain. ‘Rumors of my death have
been greatly extrggeratctl."‘

_
GRADUATE STUDIES IN
BIOMEDICAL RESEARCH

Basic Mntilctri Science Department
Active Research Programs
Soaking Orrrrllllod Applicants
Tuition and Stipend Support Available
For Further information Contact:
Orntltmlo Committee
Department of Physiology
Albany Medical College
Albany. N.Y. 12200
(518-445-5651)

 

 

' .w r reig- ‘ascentestrWW-uiwmswms.... .

 

 

  
     
   
   
   
 
  
   
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 

 
 

 

 

Women win 77-62

By Andy Horowitz

The Albany State women's swim-
ming and diving team triumphed
over the liinghamton Colonials
77-62.

It was a meet which included pcr~
sonal and school records. A great
performance in the relay was tttrned
in by Sue Kielty. Sue Bass. Ellen
Goltlleb. artd Claire Woodhettd.
who set a school record'and was

three seconds from' national
qualification. .

The next event. the SOO-freeslyle.
also resulted in a school record.
which broke the old record by nine
seconds. Sheila Fitzpatrick was the
swimmer and after the meet she

described her feelings about the

team. “We have been working
harder than ever. Since January 10
we have been working four hours It
day and we have a together team
and great coach and we are pushing
for state championships and
ttltitnutely the nationals."

()tlrcr school records were by
Bass irt botlt the fifty and onc~

hundred breaststroke. doing them
in 34.96 seconds and 1:16.69
seconds. respectively.

Also. Jane Klotz had a record-
breaking day against Binghamton.
doing an outstanding job in the
MOO-meter diving. Seasonal best
bciortg to Claire Diantcltorn who
dropped seven seconds in the 200
IM atrd I second in the loo-yard
backstroke. The great perfor-
rtrarrces were contagious and spread
to swimmers such as Attne Wilson.
llrtrb Witte. Sue Hrib. Carol Lim.
Deborah Eves. Carolyn Scharlock.
Gina D'Otrofrio. Ann McNeaI.
Cathy Sqnillace. and Cathy Oriani.

J. V. Danes start to bounce back

By Alan Somkln
.\I}III Il‘RITIJf

_____.___ﬂ_.

Things were looking very bad for
the Albany State junior varsity
basketball team as they arrived irt
Cortland Saturday night for their
game against the Red Dragons.
They were just coming off II 63-55
loss to Cobleskill. their third
straight defeat. Their record was
3-5.

The team got off the hits at the
(fortltrrrd (iynr and there was
trohody there to escort tlrcttr to the
lockcrtoorrr. When they found their
way there. they were told thcy Ittttl
to change itrto their unilortns
somewhere else.

When it came Iirrrc lor the game.
Albany State Ilead ('ottch Iltrrry
Cithllliltigll was told tltttt his learn
couldn't play itr Iltc regular gyrrt
because tlteir game would run into
tlte varsity game. The auxiliary gym
where they were forced to play in
had a bent rim on one of the baskets
and a scoreboard that was not
operating.

Albany could Iravc easily been
discouraged trl this point. but tltcy
came orrt and played their best
game of the year and defeated (‘or<
tland soundly. 8061.

The game was never close as the
Danes drew away to a 36-20
halftime lead. (‘orlland did close to
within it) points midway tlrrorrglt
the second half. httt Albany opened
it up again and won by the 19 poitrt
margin.

“The tenth felt really good after
the game“ said Cavanauglr. But he
still wasn't convinced the learn was
back in It winning way yet. He
thought they needed a close game to
get their confidence back.

The Danes gave their coach ex-
actly what he wanted as they
defeated Williams College itr over-
time. 57-54.

Tltc garrre was a see-saw battle.
with neither learn enjoying more
than a three point lead ill the first
iralf. Albarry trailed at the half
27—24.

III the second half. Williams
opened up art eight poitrt lead. and
it was at that poitrt when the Danes
changed to a Irrttn-to—mtrn pressure
defense. They cartscd numerous tur—
hovers and were able to tie the game
with one and a ltalf rninrrtes left.
Tltc Danes had many cltttncesi the
final 90 seconds. but they couldn't
score and the game went into over-
time.

A combination of a delay offense
and .l.J. .Iones' tIrievery gave
Albany the victory. Jones stole the
ball four times in overtime and the
offense knocked three rninntes off
the clock with the “Triangle Stall".

“We used it (the stall) in prrtcticc
a lot. atrd this was the first time we
used it efectively in a game situa-
tion." Cavanartgh remarked.

Albany was led by Mike Ottsti's
12 points and 16 rebounds. Joe
Rogers and Mark Cwlrko also
helped orrl on the bottrds against the

rnrrclr taller Williams team.

The victory rrppcd the Danes
record to 5-5, the first time they are
at .500 since being 2-2 earlier itr the
season.

lll tryrrg to explain his team‘s last
two victories. Ctrvtrntrrrgh cited tr
couple of rcrtsons for their recent
turnaround. "Tire return of Doug
Kilmer has certainly helped. He is a
litre outside sltooter and ltc will
definitely ltclp orrr offense."

Kiltrtcr sttt ortl the ctttirc first

semester after recovering from
minor knee surgery. '

"We are playing very good
pressure defense lately. We have a
deep bench so guys can give their all
on defense and know they have am-
plc replacement when they get
tired."

The J.V. Danes will have their
first opportunity irr a while to sur-
pass the .500 plateau tonight. as
they play Schcnccttrdy (‘onrtrtutrity
('ollcgc.

FEBRUARY4, 1983 U ALBANYSTUDENTPRESS 

"Albany swimmers enjOy twin Victories

Head Coach .loe Shore simply
said "Everyone was at their best.
We did what we wanted to do." [TI

Men drown FtPl

It was RPI. Albany‘s arch rival.
coming down for a rematch meet
against the "never say die" Albany
State men's swirrrming team. The
last time the two met RPI won in
contincittg fashion 72-39 but Head
coach Joe Shore and his men were
ready for their rirals.

Shore on Rl’l sttid "I do not like
losing to them due to my personal
experiences swimming against
them. they were the last learn to
defeat the when I was a
sophomore."

In the lst ctent. llrc «lo-medley
tcltry. l‘lilllk ()rrtrckenbuslt. Andy
Motoltr. Jei'l‘ Kennedy. and Meier
beat tltc ltl’l relay terrnt by one
tenth of a second - 355.89 to
355.99. -'i'ltc lﬁSO-yard freestyle
onerer as .lch' llrrll and trunk
l'arkct both had personal bests.
lltc IlL'\l c\cltl. thc ZOO-yard
freestyle also went onc~two with
lont lltrndy and Mike Wtiglrt
respectitcly. Albany was up 23 ‘2
but RI’I thctr non tltc ditittg to to

Rounding out the lst half of the
meet was Kennedy in the 400-yard
individual medley. maybe the
toughest event in swimming. Ken-
nedy won by almost 30 seconds with
a school record time of 429.70 and
has a good chance to qualify for na-
tionais.

The second ltalf of the meet had
RPI catching up and after the
breaststroke it was 55-5l and that
set the stage for the ﬁnal event. the
tltltl-yard freestyle relay. The team
that would wirrr this would win the
trrcet. There was Ed Pierce. Dave
Morottr. Wright and Handy. The
fourth swimmer. Handy. entered
the water a half a pool length
behind the RPI swimmer. Handy
remained cairn and sworn his own
race. pacing himself like the long-
tlrsttrnce swimmer he is and trying
to Inertake the sprinter-like RPI
snitttttter. lladny's next to last
stroke pulled him even. his last
stroke gave him the lead and
drrunatically Alhtrrry was Victorious.

Outstanding performances were
turned in by Meier. Wayne Barr.
and Dean Wilstltl. Also doing well
were llob Murphy. Lenny Shoob.
Scott (ict'sltuct. loitn Harman and
liranlx (‘awley

Assistant coach lirtrrrk Ilctcr
said. "Ilttrt “its tr type of tnect
\\llL'fL' you sit on the edge of your
\L'ill throughout. ('ottch (Bob) lord
L'llllll.‘ down .nrtl saw us and it was
great!" ‘

—I\rrrly Ilornwlt/

 

report.

or Brian Fusco.

 

films. lectures, teach-Ins and man

conversion without emmlssion con
work on both the campaign and the on-golng edu

Recycling: The Recycling Prole
collection bin where the paper
voive the work of two to four poop

COME TO THE NYPIRG

General Interest Meeting

to picked up and taken to 8 rec

NYPIRG Spring 1983 Project List

Dlaannamenthllltary Spending: High unemployment. high deficit spending. and massive military arms build-up
have caused New Yorkers increasing concern for their future well being. The project here at Albany will be work-
Ing on an economic feasibility study for Jobs W/th Peace In New York State. Work on this protect will entail
research. public forums. coalition building, and local lobbying for resolutions on military spending. Other local
projects will be worked on as the opportunity arises. Contact Gary Welskopf or George Howard.
Citizens Utlllty Board (CUB): CUB would be a state-wide. voluntarily funded, citizen controlled. organization that
will represent the Interests of utility consumers on electric, gas, and telephone issues (Le. rate increases. over-
constructlon. Inefficient production, etc.)
This year, we will be bringing the CUB bill to the legislature for the spring session. The focus of the CUB
campaign this semester will be to make the program visible to the public through a publicity blitz and an Inten-
sive lobbying effort. So If you can't bear the continual rise In your monthly utility bills. Join CUB and the fight
against the abuse and mlsuses of your money. Contact Bernie Bryant.
Toxles — Drinking Water Contamination2Worklng with Albany's Citizen‘s Alliance. we will continue research In-
to local landfills aimed at obtaining Information on possible toxic contamination. We will also Institute health
surveys and water analysis to ascertain whether there Is assimilation of toxic substances into local drinking
water. Contact Danny Ftlso.
Rape: The Rape Project. a newly formed project. conducted a survey of rape crisis factlttes in the Capital District.
The protect will work on the distribution of the findings of this survey. Including public speaking and media coor-
dination. People will also be needed to aid NYPIRG'S work on Marital Rape legislation. a new area of Involvement
for NYPIFIG. Contact Irene Basterl or Judy Cook.
Anti-Nuke Project — Hot Highways: The group will continue work on a study entitled Hot Highways begun last
fall. This study concerns emergency preparedness of nine counties along Route 87 for nuclear waste spillage ac-
ctdents. Students will be needed to do Interviews. data collection and summation. report writing. and media
outreach. Upon completion. the group will hold a press conference to announce Its findings and will publish a

Nuclear Power In New York State: This protect will be conducting a survey of all nuclear power plants In the
state. The survey will lrclude the operational status of all plants. cost of function. costs to the consumer of
replacement energy during down-time, and percentage of time that plants are non-operational. Work will Include
surveys. Interviews, data collection and compilation. and the actual writing of the report. Contact Becky Bassln

Acid Rain: The Acid Flaln Project will continue to work on educating the campus and community by sponsoring
ltoring the rain and snow to indicate levels of acidity In our precipitation. The
project will also begin a campaign aimed at the five major utilities In New York State who are planning for coal
trot devices In nine of New York's power plants. Lots of people are needed to
cattonal program. Contact Michael (Jake) Glacobble.
ct basically Involves the collection of all types of paper products. Each quad has a
yellng center. The pick-ups are made weekly and in-
to. We also need people for media related areas. Contact Mark Turrlsl.

Wed. Feb 9 7:30 LC 5

Wine and Cheese will be served

Guest Speaker

 

 

vs.

 

