 ~ 15:2; .—

a be... a,”

,r.,<.,:_ 5.. s»

,5, 4',

.r -_ . 2 
‘4‘,” W, ,1....

 

 

f
Y
.
,.

I

 

  

 

 

 

 
   

EH 6, 1983

 

2 Sports December ALBANY sworn/r PRESS n DECEMB

From the Editor——

' Walking through the snow on Sunday it was difficult to remeber that Sunday
in August when Behind Closed Doors came through in the third race and
started me off on a winning day at Saratoga.

When one thinks of race tracks, the impression is usually not a favorable one
for the non-gambler. Some look at tracks as a sleazy place to throw away
money. But Saratoga is different. From the breakfasts in the morning to the jazz
band at the top of the stretch, S . has charisma. lt attracts not only the
bettors and the top horsemen in (I ‘ation but the elite and the vacationers.
Saratoga is more than just racing, it is a resort.

Eric Nagler and Keith Marder provide an insight into the world of Saratoga.
Nagler is,a gap identiﬁer at the track and Marder worked for the New York Rac-
mg Association sewing as a publicity assistant. Nagler, who has worked at the
track for Seven summers, is an important part of the timing of daily workouts.
Marder wrote news releaSes and became acquainted with the best of the horse
racmg world this past summer. This led to this month’s interview with the na-
tion's number one jockey, Angel Cordero.

Cordero has become a folk hero to those who follow the sport. He is the
working man’s hero and spends his August night's dancing at the Rafters.

With the snow on the ground and finals coming up it's hard to imagine that
nor one month a year, the Capital District area is the palace for the sport of

Ings.

With four issues of the Sports Magazine under the belt, I feel confident that
next semester’s issues will only get better. As with any new project, some in-
tended features have not worked out and some unanticipated features have
been successful. I feel that we are providing our readers with something extra
that could not previously be found in the ASP.

Our next issue in February will provide a special cover story on the 1984 U.S.
Olympic hockey team’s attempt to defend their championship. Future reports
wrll track several area athletes progress in their attempt to win medals at the
1984 Summer Olympics.

I hope the first four issues of the Sports Magazine have provided enjoyable'
and interesting reading. It is my intention to continue providing a different look
at the sports world.

-—-Conte*nts—-

3 INTERVIEW: Angel Cordero
The nation ’5 top jockey talks about his life and racing
and plans for the future in an interview with Keith Marder.

4 COVER STORY: SARATOGA: THE
AUGUST PLACE TO BE, FOR
EVE RY BODY

Eric Nagler and Keith Marder provide an inside look at a
typical day at Saratoga. From the morning workouts to the
races to the exciting night life, the pair chronicle the go-
ings on at the premiere place for thoroughbred racing.
Also included is an early glimpse of next year's Kentucky
Derby favorites.

6 COLLEGE BASKETBALL 1983-84: A
PREVIEW OF THIS SEASON’S TOP
TWENTY

Mike Brusco makes his predictions of college basketball '5
top teams. Read why he picks Kentucky first but likes St.
john‘s to take it all.

6 MY FOLLOWING OF THE GREAT
GRETZKY

One fan describes his obsession with the greatest scorer in
National Hockey League history. Mark Levine tells the tale
of the Great Gretzky.

8 SKIING IN THE ALBANY AREA
Tom Kacandes details the best areas to ski in the area and
proﬁles the Ski Club and what they can do for you.

Cover photo, page 3 photo of Angel Cordero, page 4
and 5 photos of Affirmed and Alydar, Devils Bag and
Flo Rito leading the pack reprinted courtesy of the New
York Racing Association.

Page 6 photo reprinted courtesy of the Capital District
Newspapers.

Page 8 photo-Stowe, Vermont press release.

 

 

 

A
AAA‘AAAAAAAAAAAA‘AAA
A

AAAAA
vvvv'

v

vv
v'vvvvvvvvvvvv'vvv'
v—v

and

b,

 

“A
v

0....r.t.............'......w . 

present

BILLY IDOL

Sunday, Dec. 11 In the University Gym 8:00pm

On sale in the Campus Center Lobby
$7 w/ Tax Card $10 General Public

All tickets $10 nite of the show

Tickets sun Available!

 

No cameras, food or beverages, in the gym
Doors Open at 6:30

S.A. Funded

    

 

 

INTERVIEW:

If you ask riders who was the biggest help in
the early stages of their career, a near
unanimous reply would be Angel Cordero.

Cordero won the Eclipse Award last year as
the nation ’5 leading jockey and is a favorite to
repeat this year.

In the daytime it is obvious what Cordero is
doing, but in the evening his activities range
from a quiet night at home with his wife and
two kids to a racquetball or softball game.

The 42 year old Puerto Rican native is
known for his ability to rise to the occasion.
Whether it be in a major stake race or a battle
against a visiting top jockey, Cordero will not
settle for second best.

The interview was conducted by Associate
Sports Editor Keith Marder.

ASP: How did you get started in racing?
CORDERQ: My father used to be a trainer
and a jockey and he had horses behind the
house. I used to go to the patio and play with
the horses. Both of my grandfathers they
were trainers and jockeys, my family from
both sides. That's how I got interested in
horses.

ASP: Where was this?

CORDERO: San Iuan, Puerto Rico. We used
to have a racetrack very close to our house
and when l was a kid we used to go there
after the races and run the ponies.

ASP: Who was the most influential person in
your career?

CORDERO: My father helped me a lot. He
taught me everything and how to do things
later on when I grew up. | asked a lot of
riders. You know, friends of mine from Puer-
to Rico, my Uncle Manuel and a friend of
mine, Nievez. He's galloping horses for Jose
Martin now; he taught me a lot, too. Then I
studied (Eddie) Arcaro a lot on films and pic-
tures, and tried to imitate him.

ASP: To what do you attribute your great.
success in Saratoga to?

CORDERO: Well,-l work harder in Saratoga.
| get up every morning. l‘m a believer that ifl

get up every morning l'm going to get a lot of
good mounts. But I don’t want to get up all
year round because I ride a lot of horses dur-
ing the daytime, a lot of horses during the
year. So, I don't want to get beat up; when I
come for the races I want to be strong.
ASP: Who was your first winner?
CORDERO: My first winner ln Puerto Rico
was a horse named Salador in 1960, june 15.
Over here it was May 1, 1962, on a horse
called Conary for Jimmy Passenor.

ASP: You have a lot of highlights in your
career. Which one do you consider the
greatest?

Cordero: I guess winning both Kentucky
Derbys has been a big highlight for me; win-
ning the Marlboro on Seattle Slew when he
beat Affirmed, that was a good thrill for me.
And winning the Eclipse Award.

ASP: What do you think your chances are of
winning your second straight Eclipse Award
this year?

CORDERO: The chances look better than
last year right now. l was in front last week
(in money earned). Last year I was behind all
of the way until late November.

ASP: You just seem to do so well this time of
yean

CORDERO: Well, at Saratoga I picked up a
lot of business and coming back from
Saratoga for the fall meeting I do good. And I
like winter; as soon as it gets cold I get very
lucky and win 3 lot of races. I love cold
weather.

ASP: I guess that means you won’t move to
California for the cold months like some
riders dot

CORDERO: i don't think so. I'll probably fly
there to ride a COUplt' of horses, but I don't
want to leave New York. lfl leave New York,
I’ll go to Europe probably. I want to remain
in New York for the rest of my life— I hope.
ASP: Earlier this year there were reports that
you were going to move to Europe. Was

there any tmjh in these claims?

DECEMBER 6. ‘i983 in ALBANY STUDENT PRESS  t3“

ANGEL, CORDERO
TOP JOCKEY '

' CORDERO: l'm considering it. If I get a good

offer, I‘ll go. But I don't know right now
what's going to happen. l’m making a lot of
money here and I don't know if anybody can
top that. .

ASP: What do you think Slew o’ Gold's
chances are as Horse of the Year?
CORDERO: He should get Horse of the Year
because he beat all of the good horses
around and he’s been very consistent, so he
should be Horse of the Year, 1 think.

ASP: What do you think about drugs in rac-
ing?

CORDERO: Well, it's a big topic to try. It’s
good for certain people. I believe in medica-
tion for horses to keep them sound. Running
a horse on medication, most of the
racetracks do it over here, but we don’t do it.
I don't think we need It. It’s depending on
what you want, if you want really genuine
good horses and you give them a lot of drugs
they probably aren‘t even going to race too
long. They still work horses, exercise, on
medication. But i don’t think horses need
medication. But I believe that if the horse is
bleeding inside or outside he needs to be
treated.

ASP: Do you thing Devil‘s Bag is for real?
CORDERO: They got to try him now. He‘s
been beating whatever we got here, we
don't have many good horses around. No
doubt about it he’s the best 2-year-old right
now. But he’s got to go a long way before he
passes anything to me that he’s different.
ASP: The abuse that you get from the
railbirds, does it bother you? ‘
CORDERO: l’m getting used to it.

ASP: Is it as apparent out of towni
CORDERO: Everywhere I go.

ASP: Do you think the Breeders Cup Series is
good for racing?

CORDERO: It would have been better if it
would have happened here. Sure it’s good—
anything that attracts a lot of money attracts a
lot of peogle to come.

ASP: You must love those big purses.
CORDERO: Everybody does. Everybody
likes big purses.

ASP: Who is the best horse you ever rode?
CORDERO: Seattle Slew.

ASP: What does your future have in store for
you? Are you considering training, or do you
want to get out of racing?

CORDERO: I want to train. I want to stay
around a couple of more years and l’m plan-
ning on training. I'd love to train tomorrow if
I got a shot.

ASP: Would you want to own and breed
your own horses?

CORDERO: I'll try that but I’d like to train a
public stable. I’ve got a lot of friends and l'm
probably going to get a lot of business,
hopefully. l'm going to train some horses for
myself when I retire. Right now i just want to
concentrate on riding. I want to make the
best of it. Because I don't want to come back
when I retire and ride again. When i retlre I
want to retire. l'm too old. I don't think l’m
going to come back and start training and
fighting the weight. After i retire and I filled
up I just want to be like that.

ASP: ls Saratoga your favorite of the New
York tracks?

CORDERO: To be on it, yes. To ride,
Aqueduct is better. I like Aqueduct as the
best track I ever rode in my life. To be in a
place for a short time Saratoga I like.
Saratoga is good; in a way it’s different. The
people around, the public is beautiful, the
Rafters are great. It's only too much work
there, but I like Saratoga. I don’t complain. I
get lucky there but I've been going there a
long time. I win races everywhere; the only
thing is over there I win more.

ASP: if you had to do it all over again, would
you?

CORDERO: I've been around horses all of
my life. If I had it to do all over again I

 

hope."

 

"If I leave New York I‘ll go to Europe probably. I want
to remain in New York for the rest of my life — I

would. -D

 

-Angel Cordero, jr.

 

 

 

 
  
  
  
   
    
   
  
   
 
  
  
  
   
   
   
 
  
   
  
   
   
   
    
    
  

 

 

  
   
 
  
 
  
 
   
 
 

      
     
   
    
    
   
    
    

