    

 

   
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
 
 

 

 

 

PUBLISHED AT THE STATE UNIVERSITY OF NEW YORK AT ALBANY BY THE ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

    

bORPok/{TION

    
  

  
    

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

at
it
. Tuesday r
ii .. t.
1,. OCTOBER 7,1983 “
 , , October 1 1 , 1983 3
it '
if N t I ‘ . VOLUMELXX - NUMBER-32
 e men ump SWGQO in prep Of 5
ii ' 
‘  Corman and Gabriel 6 3 6 4 In what prov  ' I ' ' ‘3
i. t , - . - . - r .
i»  a... » SUNY budget proposes cut of 1, 100 posrtrons .-
{ti ntrmber three doubles Ersenberg and Mike , ;
I 1; An 8-l road victory over tltc Oswego Dermansky. coming off ofatwo week layoff ’ i
‘v Lakch on Tuesday should prove to be a fine due to a weak ankle, were beaten by Evander By Fran Silverman i
4' prep for the Albany State men‘s tennis team and Mike Teicher 6-4, 6-2. "_“_'"‘_"'L""T" _ *m“; ';' ".'_"" i
I} as tltey prepare to host today's SUNYAC There was confidence in tire air during 4'". “n. mm} m_ “imply .imh ('mimiur .1
r . , . . . Mario Luoino s request to do more With .
1!, Tournament. I Wednesday 5 practice concerning tlte lo“ and reduce [he mew” um um“: ’mmm t
u ()rtcc agurrr the Danes did so well iii the SUNYACs. Karen's comment typified this it “ . l _ , I _ ,‘. I "8., _U i? . .
13 singles matches that the doubles matches had attittrde. “We're in a groove rigltt now and ,5 "‘f'“ I") l “ L'lxpsg’gjsé l 'L - [Ills] l- “I‘Vslmlyr
,' no benrittg oit tlte final otrtcorrre. Albany we‘ll be tottglr to l()p.‘WlllI tlte way we've H A _ 0‘ NL7W .Tli" mil”  5.D;U'?m:‘ls  0 t
‘2 u‘ s\\t.‘[\l all six matches of the sirtgles play. been playing lately, I think we cart do it. N g  n m I. vans - l" “in rL_ “Isa “5 H ‘mi N" ) um.
.lw, l‘liis tnatclt did not cotrtc as easy as it may Everyone secured to peak at tltc same time." mimic mmdsu' . .
ill. seem, After coming ol'f of a three and one This seems to summarize llte attiltrde on tltis , “m image" MEN“ wufs. wh'mliw [0 [he
i: half lrotrr van ride lltc Danes started out the whole talented sqtrad. Kareit knows what it's SUNY "mu" ,‘H “mm” .m “"6 Swicmbfr'
t}- nriitclt flat. This was apparertt by the scores like to win the SUNYACs, as built he and _ "if",de H I”: lzmcm "meme .m “0‘4
.l of the l‘irst.scts.tlrree'ol‘ wlticlt were taken by Ulrich have been on the last tltrce chainpiorh f‘“ fl! 3}“ llllllllt’“ “‘9' “W “’34” ltlllltlt'l 0' 51.207-8 Hm“, "Wm", M I "mm.
a ()swego. lliis lorcctl tltc Albany squad to ship learns. ' ""“m' . “pvt-"III""Iltltll‘l
1' play catch-up. When the Pittsburgh Steelers were itt quest . Ac,mr‘.l'xjg '“i .lhc htlfl‘jy’m docmnmt‘i‘ TI.”
if The scoring of this match will most likely of tlteir fiftlt Super llowl they used the Ll"ng mum“ 'icxp‘md,m(“flyri‘lluiiﬁlm
.,' aid Albany in acqitirirrg better seeds in this slogan, "One for tlte'l‘humb." This was per- mummy, “.“”“",""'.“ lmigmmidm. ,",“,”.'"‘i
1,. rrrorning's toirrrtaritcnt. Number one singles tainirtg to tire rings that the witmiiig team "WWI". ‘l'l'cr i'iklflg‘, "nu? ,“T”‘.',f‘.""f"_"
i‘ Dave Ulrich trounced lioh ("offer (1-2. 6-0. gets. Since the winner of tire SUNYAL's gets i‘cgmhmd, “filmy inuf‘m“ M.“ in! “Purl?
v” Number two singles 'l‘om Sehmit/ came back t-shirts instead of rings. ttrtd the Danes are "mcfm‘ i‘" ‘i'p‘pl'c‘ ‘l'tﬁ‘ “mm” “m m M
iii. tI'tcr losing his first set 3-6 to Will SCUM (ior- also striving for their fifth championship, 'V‘l‘mm “‘3' “MC” '5'
‘, nan 6—l. 6-0 irt tltc final two sets. Rob Karen. ilteir slogan is “One More for the Dresser." the budget allowed for no dorm or tuition
_ _ Mbany‘s number three singles player, beat As Ulr'iclt pointed out,“l.ast year's sltirts are increases btrt called for the state required
l“ his counterpart Adarrt Watcrlrotrse in slrrtigltt getting worn out." i l clitniriation of 1,100 positions. which would
,. .cts 7-5. 6-3. Sophomore Dave (irnssrnan TENNIS RACKIi'I‘: 'l'hc SUNYACs will he accotrrit for a savings of $24.] million.
,4 .litln'r come out looking like his usual self. held irt the L‘apltaland indoor tennis "We do know it has been extremely dif-
' droppirtg his first sci4-(rto()swcgo's Richard fuclllly. . .The Danes are now 3-] ln dnttl fictilt to assign the ctrts trsiirg a process of tin-
livarider. btti ultimately regained his usual meets. . .‘I'he only times the Duties ltad Mus—m..." ’ lis‘iltﬂls‘sl tlllfilit‘lL W9 ill-5“ WWW mi“ WP'
form to take the last two sets (r-l and 6-3. SUNY Conference rivals in tltritl meets this -’   port areas in housing the ritaintenancc.
Another player who suffered a t'itst set loss season they have won convincingly. Aside w Clam-“l “"d ludmicul workers wm b". Induced SUNY Board of Directors Insot' SASU P esld t Jl Tl
was sophomore Jay liiscnbcrg in the number from beating ()swego 8-] they have also even moretlran otlter areas. artdthat hospital ‘jUNYW [984 M m) y d!" 3571'", ' r, . 99.7.? J 9'79?” ‘ _ , n r _
I'ivc spot. who lost his first set 3-6 to the beaten ()nconm 9.0, , ,Mlke sanders, whom and clinical functions will experience propor- ‘ ' ' I [My ' H '0" “Inc” "J'm’Iy “""“"""""" """‘I'“"'
, Lakcrs' John Gabriel before coming back Couch Serbnlik saltl. “inity he the stirprlse ol tiomttc loses" according to the document. in student aid funds. $2.5 million in EOI’ in- Finnerty In “maxirni/e fees arid charges.“ his student inn. fee which SASU and the sur-
strotrg in the next two, 6-l, (v2. New number the SUNYACs,“ won the rittriiber six singles Because of the strain of the stuff reduc- creases arid SI million for residence halls. “Tire SUNY campuses are reeling tinder dent Association is fighting.)
six singles starter Mark Sanders bear lid Riz— spot during Wednesday‘s practice. . .Correc- tions tlte budget will also ask fora restoration Community colleges in New York rc- llit: impact ot' severe position cuts and pro- ()nce SUNY becomes an expensive college
to in straight sets. 7-5, 7-5. tlon front the Sept. JO issue of the ASP: Dur- of 319 of the l.lt)()iobs etrt. “Without sortie quested $l79.5 million in state fuan which is gram cuts, The systuin is being pushed to the system it destroys the goals arid purposes til
i The number one doubles team ot' Ulrich lag the match against Rl’l. Dave Ulrleh's I relief the ability to maintain present services 37.8 percent oftlte basic state funding goal of point ()rdyhl'uncljuni” menu-d 'ricmcy, SUNY m m, “cwmblc and inmpcmiw
h  (it‘osslnilélScilhgl); deflealted Coffer and doubles wager-Asset ll))itvr: I-‘elnerrnulti...:.tgsst Em witltout degredatjon of Surlgly comes into 4()lpercc[nt. n P M m or "K Sind‘m ﬁrstlgpwnrlng :1" [(1]..."ll-.ip..:,l'r-i~ig,{my rL-dt:‘gl‘lttlltl)lll|‘l sy‘rstcrlrI," sai‘dlfterncy. I I [I
rrtcr muse - . < , w it e rrtrrn 1cr two Year In s Y ‘s, tines aecrrrriu atet r ( tieslion. I aecor ing to re oetrrnen . .rtrt tcr cy. res t: ' ‘ sari, recs are to eat res rti o urtrort c tot ge . a er it a approta ry re
. doubles Sclrrnitt and Karen did likewise with out of 36 possible points. mvﬁ.gliiﬁ:u:$:$m:gzrinls team are IOOklng '0 de'end me" SUNYAC crown I Requested funding increases in the budget Association of the State University (SASU) increase because they are not covered trndcr SUNY llorrrd of Trustees, will go to the
‘ include; $7.2 million in instructional faculty. cttdotsed the brrdgct btit warned of the im- financial aid. rrItrI are iridiiidually ‘asicr to (ioternor's office for approtal and then to
1 I 3.7 million in student services, $2.0 million irr plieations of the staffing cuts and of the ef- institutionalize." said Tictttcy. the State legislature. the budget must be ap-
t.‘ l I . . general equipment replacement, $1.3 million l'orl urged by State Budget Director Michael (SUNYA rs presently facing the prospect tamed by April l.
 Danes look to rebound a arnst Drvrsron ll Owls
" Candidates favor nuke arms control at forum

 

 

News...» ._..._A;_s~-

By Marc ltermnn
.S'I'zlll Il'RIllR

 

 

When in a rebtrildiitg season, a team is usually fighting an
uphill battle to win football games. The cltore becomes
even more difﬁcult when your tcarri must play sturdy corn-
petition.

The Albany State football learn is finding that out ‘very
quickly this season. Two of the clubs that the Danes have
lost to are ranked in the top to in the country at the Divi-
sion lll level, as llofstra is ranked fourth and Union is
ranked tenth.

This Saturday afternoon the 1-3 Danes will not be facing
a top to Division III school; instead Albany will be taking
on a strong Division II squad. Southern Connecticut.

“Being sent to the wolves," as Alhariy Head Coach Bob
Ford put it, might be somewhat extreme, but the Danes
could be in a bit over their treads when they meet the Owls
at Bowen Field in New Haven.

The Danes, though losing 24-7 to Union last week, were
in the contest through most of the game. But is a powerful
Division ll school like Southern Connecticut on the same
level as a strong Division lll school such as Union'l

“i think Union and Southern Connecticut are com-
parable," said coach Ford. “All Division ll really means is
they can give scholarships."

The Danes have played the Owls the past eight years with
Albany winning five of the games. Last year. in a
memorable game. the Danes scored with 25 seconds re-
maining to give them an apparent victory. However, the
Owls ran the ensuing kickoff all the way to give them a
l6-l3 win.

The Danes will go into tomorrow‘s game with the saute
malady that has plagued them the whole year: "a green of-
fensive line." as Ford refers to the group.

Except for junior right guard Tom Jacobs, the rest of UK
offensive linemen that will play totnrnorow never expected
to be starters this season. Key injuries to a number of
players forced Ford to dig deep into his roster to fill the
positions. This was apparent as the Danes managed only 98
yards in total offense against Union.

To put the blame for the Danes' lack of offense on
quarterback Mike Milano is like pttttirig the blame on.

Richard Todd for the Jets‘ move to New Jersey. When
Milano had tirtte to throw the ball against Union, he did so
effectively.

“Milano didn't play poorly at all." said Ford. "We just
didn't have the supporting staff for him. The offensive line
just ttiisscd blocks."

Said Milano: “We've been emphasizing the offensive line

ali week in practice just on executing blocks. We can't over-
power the S.C. defensive litre but we cart ontexccute them."
When Milario was asked ltow lie rated Southern Conncc~
ticut‘s defense to Union's he responded, "I think the Owls
ltave a stronger defense as in muscle bit! I feel Union is a lot
quicker. i think we'll be able to run otrtsidc on the veer."
13>

 

. ,‘ :1 I:
’4', 95:: . i 't;
' " “K x til I"

 

ﬁt.

.4

 

 

 

ED MARUSSICN UPS

Looking tor tbelr second win of the year, the Albany Great Danes wlIl lace Southern Connecticut on the road
Saturday afternoon. Last year, the Owls defeated the Danes In the final seconds.

 

liy Sulunne Abels
rtitd Susan Milllgan

 

 

The proposed nuclear arms free/e
dominated the discussion at the Democratic
presidential forum in New York City last
Thursday night.

Each of the candidates expressed sortie
support for rrticlear arrirs control, birt to
'arying degrees.

South Dakota Senator (ieorgc McGovern
called fora freeze. subsequent disarmament,
and the removal of Articricari forces in
Lebanon and Central America. »

(‘olorudo SCI]. Gary Hart, notany
McGoscrn‘s campaign manager in his quest
for llrc presidency in 1972, also said lte
"strongly supported a free/e.“

l’orrrter‘ lilorida governor Retibin Askew
said lie was “deeply committed to arms con-
irol.“ ltlll suggested “a nuclear arms free/.e is
not the best way to scctrrc an arms control

 

agreement.“

Sen. l-'.r nest llollings of South (‘arolina ex-
pressed concern oyer the presence of US
Marines iti l.eltrnion. rerriarkitig, “Wc just
pirt l.2tlt) Marines on a rtrnway and tell them
to sit still and be killcd."

llrc forum was the last iii the series co-

sponsored hv (iov. Mario M. (‘nomo arid
Sen, Daniel Patrick Moyrrihan. it was the
first titrrc all of the announced Democratic
pr 'sidettlial candidates appeared on the same
stage to debate.
"All the candidates agree that the fundamen-
tal principles (of the Democratic party) don't
change, tltc programs change." Cnomo said
when opening the fortrnt.

Despite the fact that Ciionto ittleitdcd the
candidates to address northeast issues at the
forums. the contenders confined their corn-

rnents mainly to foreign policy.

 

.. suamuriwz hm. .

(icnerally. the candidates -— tlubbedmtltc
“Sornirtcx Seven" by reporters — did not
"debate" caclt other. cvert when given the
opportunity irt otie round of the forunr to ask
questions of each other.

California Sen. Alait Cranston did ask the
one question that has plagued all bitt two of“
the contenders: "Senator liollings, wiry do
you suppose the press has been saying this is a
two-way race between (former vice president)
Walter Mondale and (Ohio Sen.) John

'g’ﬁdllthe
candidates agree 
,thatthe.
fhndbnlyUal
principles don ’t
change,the
programs

      

change. ’ ’ »

‘..—Mario Cuomo
ll . . r '

tilt-rm?“

llollings responded that “the press has
dotie the public a general dissersice“ by “irri-
rtrediatcly Icroing irt on the leader‘s" irt ilic
race.

The press wants to know "who‘s got the
money, who your advance inert are." lloll-
ings said. “They don't bring tip the issues.
except with (Ari/ona Rep.) Mo Udall. Then
when he drops out. they congratulate him on

‘ his wit and humor."

- s1‘.1r.t';‘n~i‘5~:=i~.d. :57. my .-' .

(‘ranston arid llollrngs join Mctiosetrr.
Askew. arid llart as those Democratic eon
tenders trailing Mondale and (ilenn since the
start of the race. arid consequently virtually
ignored by the

Mondale and (ilenn did not “square-tilt,"
as expected at the forurtr. lltrt (ilcnn did get a
bit angry at the suggestion that he “as a
“celluloid candidate.“

Referring to his former status as an
astronaut. (ilcntt said, “that wasn‘t
celluloid; that was the real thing. I wasn‘t do-
irtg 'llellcats of the Navy" (which starred
Ronald Reagan) on the Mmic l oft."

Women‘s rigltts and the recruitment l‘l a
woman as vice president were also supported
by each of the candidates posed with the
question.

 

‘3

kc“ reiterated his support at the i qnal
~ ts ,-\rncutlincrrt. Mondale. when asked to
list “the udstrniaites and tlistril\.rtrt.rges" ot .i
\somnrt \it‘c president. said that "for lls‘.l|l\
2le years, this nation has denied ilscll llrc
wisdom and compassion .t woman could hr
ing” to the office. \\‘ltcti risked again to list
the drs.td\ .int.rgcs, Mondale replied.
“nortc.”

lll his closing rcriiatks. ‘\~kc\\ brought .r
surprised and generally lllll.t\ttl.llll\‘ response
front tire croud by not only Iarltttt' to tlr.rnk
ctr—sponsor t‘nonto. but choosing to mention
someone in a political lend \\llll the goscr
not.

After each of rlte other candidates had
thanked (‘trotno and Moyriihtrn. Askcss said.
“1 am delighted to be in lltis great city and in
the presence of its distinguished mayor."

Clinton and New York City Mayor l-Id-
ward l. Koch have been at odds since Cttomo
earned an itpsct victory over the mayor in the
Dctriocrntic gubernatorial primary. i l

 

 

