 

  

WORLDWIDE.

Rioters arrested

Bonn, West Germany
(AP) Riot police turned water cannons on
angry protesters outside the Pariiment
building today and made too arrests as
Chancellor Helmut Kohl reaffirmed his
government's plans to deploy U.S. nuclear
missile: this year.

“If negotiations remain unsuccessful, the
alliance will establish the readiness of the first
Pershing 2 missiles and cruise missiles by
year's end," Kohl said in a 70-minute speech
starting a two-day debate on deployment.

Several thousand police sealed off streets
around the Parllment building with steel bar-
riers to prevent thousands of anti-missile
demonstrators from approaching closer than
100 yards.

About 100 demonstrators were arrested by
late morning, said a Bonn police spokesman
who declined to be named. He said the 2,000
o 4.000 anti-missile protesters were unable to
any out a threat to blockade Parliament
tnd prevent the debate.

Rebels enter Tripoli

Tripoli, Lebanon

(AP) Palestinian rebels with Syrian tanks
blasted their way into northern Tripoli Mon-
day, battled to within 1,000 yards of PLO
chairman Yasser Arafat‘s headquarters and
proclaimed a cease-fire. But Arafat said it
was merely a "rest for the fighters."

Mahmoud Labadi, spokesman of the
Syrian-backed Palestine Liberation
Organization mtttlnccrs, said in a statement
issued in Damascus, Syria, that "we ltave
declared a cease-fire. The situation in Tripoli
is now quiet."

The statement called on the people and
leaders of Lebanon's second largest city to
"get Arafat and his clique out."

 

2 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS [3 N0 VEMBER 22. I983

The rcbel's overnight push. accontpanied
by heavy artillery bombardment on central
areas ofTripoli, severed Arafat's supply lines
with loyalists fighting the rebels at the
southern edge of the Baddawi refugee camp
just north of the city ofa half-million people.

Machines confiscated

Stockholm, Sweden
(AP) Four containers believed to contain
U.S. high technology computer equipment
destined for the Soviet Union remained
under guard Monday at a Swedish port as
government officials tried to find someone
who would claim them.

Swedish Radio on Sunday quoted
Sweden's Undersecretary of State. Carl
Johan Abcrg, as saying. “No owner of the
shipment has yet turrted up. Until customs
documents have been filled. the situation is
frozen."

Swedish law forbids the export of defense
material without a permit, even when merely
in transit. The United States bttns the sale of
sophisticated tecltnology to the Soviet bloc.

NATIONWIDE

 

Cruise missile halted

ii’us/rilrglon, D. C.
(AP) There will b- a nine-mouth pause bet-
ween the flrst deployment of Arttcricnrt
medium-range nuclear missiles in western
Europe and the second round scheduled for
September I984, The ii’rlxlringlun Post
reported in Monday editions.

The P05t said that some leaders in West
Germany and italy have been pressing to
publicize the time lapse between the schedul-
ed deployments and link them to a new op-
portunity for American and Soviet negotia~
tions on arms limitations.

The newspaper qtrotcd an unidentified

 

 

Camera Club will hold an interest AIDS (Acquired lmmune Deficiency
meeting on Monday, Nov. 28 at 7:30 Syndrome) will be the topic of a

pm. In CC 373.

 

workshop and panel discussion

presented by the SUNYA Gay and

HIM." “MC'i'lh” WI“ 130 P9" Lesbian Alliance on Saturday, Dec,
formed by Capitol HlllChorel Socle- 3 m 1 pm. In LC 7,

ty on Friday, Dec. 2 In the Philip
Schuyler Concert Hall on North

Lake Avenue In Albany at 8 pm. NYPIRG will sponsor a Toxic Vic.
Tickets are available at the door. ttma Access to Justice Forum
The cost to $3 for students and $5 Wednesday, Nov. 30 at 7:30 pm. In
LC 20.

t_or the general public.

 

 

A Statlatlca Colloquium ieaturlng
James Berger from Purdue Univorsl- will be e onsor

ty will take place on Monday, Nov. p ed by the Hanan
28 at 8:40 pm. In ES 140. Berger's
speech ls titled "Robust Bayes and
Empirical Bayes Analysis with with a tax sticker.
E-Contamlnatod Priors."

Seamus Mellon, Deputy Leader of
the Social Democratic and Labour
Party of Northern Ireland will speak
on Tuesday. Nov. 29 from 9:45-11
am. in the co Assembly Hall.
Mellon, an Irish Catholic, will speak
on the topic "lroland Since 1600."
Admission is free.

Pentagon source as saying that the delay was
due to technical reasons involving relatively
slow production schedules for the U.S. cruise
missiles and the Pershing 2. The ﬁrst cruise
missiles were delivered last week to Great Bri-
rain and more are to take place before the
end of the year. U.S. officials have refused to
say how many cruise missiles are being
delivered.

Apartheid blasted

Washington, D. C.
(AP) Democrats sense political gains in l984,
particularly among black voters, by challeng-
ing President Reagan's policy of trying to en-
courage changes in South Africa's racially
segregated society through qttiet diplomacy.

Reagan is relying on the pressure of U.S.
business investors and international good will
-— he calls it "constructive engagement" -—
to alter white-ruled South Africa's treatntent
of its black majority.

Buoyed by a recent House vote in ltis
favor, Rep. Stephen Solarz. l)-N.Y., one of
the most outspoken congressional critics of
the South African system of apartheid, or
racial separatism, says “constructive engage-
ment has failed and is flawed."

Drug company sued

Columbus, 00.
(AP) Clarence Borom of Waverly ilall. had
filed a $l00 million wrongful dcatlt suit
against Eli Lilly and Co., the maker of
Oraflex, contending the Indianapolis-based
company was responsible for tire July [982
death of his rnotltcr, 8l-ycar-old Lola T.
Jones.

Borom's suit said Lilly did rtot report
overseas deaths linked to the drug before it
was approved April 19, l982, for use irt this
country.

Lilly first rttarkctcd Oratlex in tire United
States in May 1982, two years after it was in-
troduced in Europe. Tltc drtrg was withdrawn
from sale on all markets in August I982.

STATEWIDE

 

Bus fired upon I
E Ilill

(AP) A chartered bus carrying Buffalo Bills
fans to Rich Stadium Sunday morning was
shot at by a man and woman on Clinton
Street here, Eric Courtty Sheriff's deputies
said.

No one was injured irt tltc shooting, said
Erie County Sheriff's Deputy Rnyrrtortd
Spencer. Taken into custody following the
shooting were Karen Lougcn. 23, and
Leonard Malck, 28, botlt front Elma.

When a bits chartered front the Genescc
Bus Lirte of Batnvin passed through Elma at
nbotrt l0:00 a.nt. Sunday, two passengers
asked the driver to stop so they “could
answer a nature call," said Spencer.

Two shots were fired irt the air by Mnlck,
Spencer said. Tltcn, tltc tlcputy shcriff said,
Malck handed the rifle to Ms. Lougen who
fired three shots at the bus.

Oswald’s papers held

New York
(AP) Tltc datrghtcr of ice linrvcy Oswald,
alleged ' sin of President John 17. Keri-
rtcdy, snys crates of information concerning
ltcr late father rerrtairt urtcxtrrnincd at a Texas
university,an ttot even she has been allowed
to look inside.

 

 

June Oswald Porter, 2i, says the papers
were part of her late grandmother's library,
which was donated by her uncle to cxas
Christian University in Fort Worth. “No
one, not even my sister and i," has been
allowed to see the collection, she says.

The library consists of "probably the most
complete collection of material concerning
my father," she says in a bylined article in the
current issue of People magazine.

Ms. Porter, whose mOther remarried when
June was 3, says tltc papers were given to
TCU after Oswald's mother, Marguerite,
died without leaving a will.

Food for survivors

Ulit'u
(AP) In the event of a nuclear attack, Civil
Defense officials here hope to order enough
food from take-out restaurants and grocery
stores to feed residents while they wait in the
safety of sllcltcrs.

Utica Civil Defense Director Joseph
Pugliesc today described this plan as ordering
“l,t)00 hamburgers arid I,000 cups of
coffee" for the people irt the shelters.

l’trglicsc told the Utica Observer-Dispntch
that tltc Civil Defense no longer depends on
food artd water supplies stocked ill the rrrntry
shelters scattered throughout the city.

“Front a fnst'food place, like
McDonald's, for instance. or Burger King.
we could rcqtrisitiott l.000 llttltlhtttgcts and
Low cups of coffee," he said. Civil Defense
people also plan to requisition supplies ltrrtll
grocery stores, lte said.

“if conditions were such that Nobody
could move outside, we don't know wlrnt we
would do," he said. Tltc ability to get llttlxc
supplies would depend on the radiation lt‘\t‘l
outside, which would partly tleperrd on wind
and other weather conditions. he said.

Nuke protesters fined

[ellt'lltW/t‘l
(AP) A federal magistrate told six women
convicted of trespassing at the Scnccn Army
Depot during anti-nuclear ticrnonstrntiorw he
couldn't "condone breaking the law. no mutt
tcr how good your motives rttigltt be."

US. Magistrate David Larimer, tlllitrr!
front tire bench Monday after hearing more
than fottr hours of testimony, sentenced cnclr
woman to three months of tlllstlpcrviscti pro-
bation and fined tltcrrt fifty dollars each.

"We are now living trrrdcr virttrnlly the
some conditions depicted in last lliiilll's
trtovie, "l‘ltc Day After,“ dcfcndnrrt |loll\
Zox testified. “()trr actions at the Seneca Ar
rtty Depot were not only necessary, but
thousands rrtorc are needed."

The ABC-TV film "Tire Day After 
shown Sunday night, depicted the aftermath
of nuclear holocaust lit a Kansas town.

Anti-nuclear protestors believe ttttclcttr
arms are stored at the depot in Rtttltttllty. In
tltc i‘irtgcr lakes region of New York state.
Depot officials will ucitltcr confirm Itor tlctl\
that clztint. 'i‘hc depot was tltc focus oi
r'cpcntctl protests during the summer and tall,
culminating irt a mass tlcmturstrntion by
5,000 protcstors Oct. 22.

Cuomo shuns LlLCO

New York ('rly
(Al’) The New York 'l‘inn'x says state officials
consider it unlikely (iov. Mario Cuomo will
take arty nctiott nirrtcd at helping tltc long
island Lighting (‘0. open its contrmctsial
Sirorclrnru nuclear power pltttli.

’i‘lrc Till/as qrrolcs unidentified off ittls its
saying Monday that the governor also is corr-
siderirtg several ways of rcdrrcirtg the impact
of the plant's cost on long island customers
of the utility, including bankruptcy pro-

  

 

ceedings for LILCO.

Feeta dl Natale, a Christmas Party, Accountants and Computers will be

the subject at a speech by Jim

American Student Alliance on Fri- GuzewlCh from Ernst}! and Wh‘WY
day. Dec. 2 at 8 pm. In HU 354. on Tuesday, Nov. 22 at 8 p.m. In LC
Tickets are $3 for the public and $2 1.

The Democratic Socialists of

Instrumental Ensemble Concert Amo'lc' WI” "Old 3" '"m’em

presented by (he Visual and PM“ meeting on Tuesday, Nov. 29 at 4
mini] Arts Music Faculty of Russell p'm' '" BA 210- Je’amy Karpamn'

270‘2246.

Supper at 5 pm. at Chapel House.

Sage Cottage m a pm In the Bush National Youth Organizer ot the
Memorial Centerln Troy. Admission DSA' Wm be speaklng 0" ""3 mm“
Is tree, For mo", )nrormmlon can "The Left and the 1984 Elections."

Pan Caribbean Association will pre-
sent their annual dinner dance par~

Fundamentalism will be the to
chol ly on Friday, Dec. 2 in the
Wednesday, Nov. 30's Community Brubachor Ballroom on Alumni

 

 

Quad at 7 pm.

 

By Jane Anderson
H)IltmI.-il. ASSISTANT

 

Student Association is not requesting the
rcsignationvf Albany County Board of Elec-
tions Commissioner Raymond Kinlcy, but
SA President Rich Scltal‘fcr has initiated a
ntrmbcr of other actions to help correct the
problems students cncorrrttcrcd on election
day.

“For the time being, we are not calling for
Commissioner Kirtley‘s resignation," said
Scltaffcr. “if we don't get cooperation now,
there will be plcrtty of time to call for and in-
stitute action through legislative or executive
offices. There's not a lot of pressure now,"
it ' added.

According to Schni'fcr, several people that
he spoke with advised ltirtt against cnllirtg for
Kinley's resignation. "We wanted to meet
with Kinlcy (before calling for any action). 1
don‘t think his attitude will cltarrgc. but we
wanted to give him the opportunity to
change," explained Schnffcr.

"It's rtot itt ottr best interest rigltt now (to
call for Kinlcy's rcsigrtnlion)." said Jeff
Schneider, SA Vicc i’rcsidcnt. "i thought
Iltnt (or request wouldn‘t be seriously cort-
sidcrcd." he continued.

Mark Misltler. SA Attorney. said “We'd
like to work with Commissioner Kinlcy and
make sure sttrdcuts‘ rights are trphcld. I don't
see Commissioner Kinlcy the individual as
tltc problem.

Students on election tlil)’ encountered
many obstacles when tltcy ttrrrtcd ottl to vote,
according to a sitttctttcttt front Schuft'cr
earlier iii the month. Matty encountered pro-
bicms rnrtgirtg froru misplaced files to harass-
rueru, he said.

SA had originally called for Kinley‘s

resignation on November 8 because accor-
ding to Schaffer's statements. students' pro-
blems "obviously showed a lack of concern
on the part of Ray Kinlcy. Kinlcy doesn't
want the students to vote."

According to Schaffcr. SA is now “draf-
ting a letter to the Albany County Board of
Elections stating the problems the students
encountered, and asking also for “us (SA of-
ficers) to be allowed to go down (to the
Board of Elections) and pill the (voter
registration) cards in order for April."

Scltat‘fcr said that a letter will also be sent
to the New York Sttrte Board of [Elections
“describing the gcrteral disaster that took
place" on election day, "and the Board of
lilcctiorts‘ refusal to recogni/c the campus
geography nrtd layout ." SA has also "re-
qttcstctl help (from the State Board of Elec-
tions) with the nest local election, nrtd asked
for assistance at the student polling places."

Copies of botlt letters have been sent to tire
Stntc Attorney (icncrttl‘s Office. said Schaf-
l'cr, "to inform tltcrrr of tltc situation."

Sclral‘i‘cr said he plans to visit tltc Board of
l-Ieetlons sometime in the rrcnr future in
review the books and correct tltc sludcrlls'
records. "We'll go after things settle down"
frqu Election Day, he added.

Kinlcy said that it is standard piticcdlitc to
correct nrty problems. " l‘hcrc should be no
problems in the primaries in April," snitl
Kinlcy. 'l'ltc prohlcrns will occur ucvt
November. after tltc students have changed
their addresses, according to Kinlcy.

The Board of lilcclions would welcome
nrtyorte from SA to ltclp rcl’ilc tltc stuticrrts‘
cards, “but rtot Rich Seltnl'l'cr,“ according to
Kinlcy.

Scltaffcr estimated that tltc chances of tire

15>

NOVEMBER 22, [983 D ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 3

students angered over election day cenfusion

 

 

Student voting earlier this month

 

ED MARUSSICN UPS

“We '1] like I!) work with Kin/err and make sure virulent rights are upheld. "

Conference cites shortage in math, science teachers

 

By Jay 'i‘ltorhurn
.\'I.-III ii NIILA‘

 

More than tcrt years ago, poor rncdin
coverage of art oversupply of teachers at tltc
elementary school level, combined with a
decline irt population, bcgnrt witnt ltns
escalated to a present cris irt the number of
math and science tcnchcrs in primary and
secondary schools. according to n publicn~
tiorr by tile institute of School Development.

  

 

By Jerry (Tarnpione

-l.\.§tl('l‘lll .\'Iil‘,\l'l1llth

 

Governor Mario Cuomo announced his ex-
ecutivc order dcsigncd to crtd discrimina-
tion against homosexuals by the state.
Tltc order stntcs tltnt "No state agency or
department shall discriminate on tltc basis
of sexual orientation against arty individual
in the provision of arty scrviccs or benefits
by such state agency or dcpnrtmcnt." it
goes on to explain that the discrirttinntion
will be banned front such areas as lririrtg,

 

 

DEAN lJElZ ASP

G'i" ‘ " "l MM“) 0‘49“)?  so.  .. 
v‘l/l/‘tlllllt‘d Itl.i'k force to enforce tirrlt'r

Cuomo issues executive order
to eliminate gay discrimination

  
   

it was this dilemma that gave rise to tire
SUNY-widc conference held at Alurrrrri
ilousc. Friday. Nov. Iii entitled "Tire State
of Mathematics artd Scicncc l-iducntion irt tltc
SUNY System."

“There has rtcvcr bccrt nn oversupply of
rrrntlt and science teachers“ said Dr.
Margaret Ftil'lcll, Chair of the teacher
l€tlucntion department at SlJNYA.

l-‘arrcll, nlortg witlt Dr. Jeff I icluncrr, Dr.
Walter Farmer, and Dr. Janet McDonald,

job appointment, promotion, tctttrr'c.
recruitmcnt and compensation and that Ilrc
State Office of lirnploycc Rclntious will be
directed to establish clear and consistent
guidelines prohibiting discrimination and to
“maintain an cnvirorrrncut when: only job-
rclntcd criteria are tlwtl to’ assess
employees."

Cuomo also announced as prut of tire
order that ltc will nppoint n lttsk force
"which shall submit reports and recom-
lncntlations us it sees fit. dealing with in-
tiividuals' rights to the benefit of gmctll-
rrtcrrt services and opportunity for gmcrrt-
rrtettt service rcgtlt'tllcss of sexual oricrttn-
tiort.“

The task I'orcc will be comprised of rho
connrtissioncrs ol' tltc Departments of (‘or'-
rcctionnl Services. ilcrrltlt. Mental ilL’tlllll,
labor and Social Scrviccs. tltc Di\i\ion of
Human Rights. Superintendent of State
Police, tltc President of tire ('itil Service
Commission, tltc Directors of tire “'rtlllctt's
Division, the Office of limployce Relations.
the Division for Youth and the Office for
the Aging, the Chairman of tltc Stntc l.i-
qtror Authority, along with seven privntc
citi/crts appointed by Cuomo.

According to wire service reports,
(‘uomo held repeated meetings with groups
botlr supporting and fighting tltc executive
order. The governor said “this was tr sub—
jch tltnt should it: 11 lot of discussion."

The wire reports said that (‘ttomo sat and
listened while an Orthodox r'nbbi told ltirtr.
"you are denigratng tltc Bible." A Rornnrt
(‘arboiic pt'icsl nddctl lilttt “you (Cuomo)

12>

 

 

organized tltc conference to collect data on
:nrollment irt teacher education progranw its
well as to dctcrnrirtc the status of the faculty
in mathematics and science education pro—
grams.

“it is difficult to get information on stu-
ticnt enrollments" snid i-nrtcll, explaining
that tables compiled by SUNY ('crttrnl are
wrong irt tltc numbers of mathematics cthrcn-
tiort students because of double counting of
tire students.

Questionnaires rctnrrtctl by eight ot tltc Icn
SUNY (‘ollcgcs (ilrockport, Cortland,
(icrtcsco, New i’altl, ()ttcontn. ()swego,
l’lnttsbtrrgh, I’otsdttm) and two of tire l'our
Ulti\crsity ('cntcrs (Albany. Stony Brook)
lt‘\L‘iilL‘tl Iltnt tltc merngc 1th for n pr'ot'cssor
in math or science irt the SUNY system is bet-
ween 45 nrtd (ll) years old, and ortiy two or
tlucc professors are lit their thir‘tics.

“Teaching is tr \cry stnblc job situation“
said l’nrrcll. "'l‘cnchcrs now are about lllL‘
sttmc rrgc. anti are coming closet and closer to
rctircmcnt.“

Dr. .ltrditlt analcy, SUNYA Vicc Presi-
ticrtt of Academic Affairs, \illti it) her
welcome to tire group, "Our ctltrcniton l'ncul»
ty are getting older. they are fewer in
number. and are teaching sltrdcllls who call)
espch to earn lower srrlttrics than l'.\’.
rcpnirmen, plumbers. and mail carriers."

The questionnaires also show n \liglll int»
provemcnt in undergraduates applying for in-
ititrl certification, \vhilc graduate opplicntiorw
hare risen dramatically, especially in the
st’icltccs.

"\\'c (School of I'ctrchcr l’tirtctttitirr) had
to close grndurttc admissions to tire science
education pr'ogrntrt this summer” according
to i-tnt‘ell.

Kcn laser, Professor of l-‘cology nt SUNY
Stony Brook snid lliill enrollments have im-
proved gtcutly over tltc pttsi two years
because of rcccrtt changes "We've trimmed
cdncntion hours to bc tiortc, allowing more
hours irt tltc major," said i nscr'.

Following the L‘\tlllliiltili0ll of tire questiotv
rtnircs. small study groups Irtorc closely c\-
uminctl tltc problems tltnt I'ncc each of the in
stilutions. (iroup spokespersons. before
dispersing, gave the findings of each group.

All tltrcc groups found crrrricnlurus to be
varied nrtd stnl'l'ing for tire programs to be
low. A main problem discussed \\‘tt\ “Back
Door" certification, which involves tltc gran-
ting of emergency certificates through

c 'tlltttilitiil. These people may be unqualified
for the position, according to Dr. Slcplrctt
West, Associate Professor of Mathematics at
(icneseo. “There is a rtccd to press tltc
government to prevent people front being
certified throught tltc brick door" he said.

“ There are no master plans for solutions"
said For tell. about alleviating tltc problems irt
math and science education.

Several people at tile confcr'ctrcc asserted
that industry should ltclp pick up tltc tab for
training math and science teachers because of
tltc need to train people well irt these fields.

In a related discussion, .iort Higgins. l’r'o’
fcssor of Mathematics at Ohio State Univer-
yil)‘, suggested that people should teach “just
tor it while“ and not rnnkc a life long cont-
rtrilrrrcrrt to tcncltirrg irt order to increase tltc
number of teachers in secondary science and
math progrnrus, itt ll discussion entitled "The
(‘risis in Math and Science Education"
'l'ltttrsdny.

'l he tliwttssiott also sponsored by lllt'
Dcpnrtrrrent of Teacher lidttcntion i‘caturcti
Higgins. author of tire book lvltrllrcnrrllit'v.
leaching and Lear/tin who said that “We
(teacher educators) shouldn't expect tctrchcr~
to trrkc on a life long commitment."

Higgins encouraged math arid science
students to teach for an interim period of ap-
pro\irnntcly five years nrtd then enter the job
nu kct. “Why not say to young people that
teaching is a wonderful stepping stone?“ Irv
\llltl, adding "'l'cnclrers |rn\c good rnnrttrgc
rucnr skills,"

()ycr tltc past ten )‘L'tlh, tltc number ot
students irt math and science teacher Cklllt‘J-
tiorr programs has declined tuition-wide. 'l'ltis
w as due to ncwspapcNpublicity stating that
“low were more teachers tltan jobs.

According to liiggins, tltcrc has nc\cr been
a great numbcr ot' rttntlt and science lctlcllcn
“At ortc time we (Ohio State) were
graduating (to-tit) ninth and science education
students (n year), btrt r' ‘cntly we‘ve hard as
fcw as I: students per year," said Higgins.

The current lack of math and science
teachers was well predicted in trade journals
and research articles. “We shouldn‘t be stir-
prised." said Higgins, lnying lllL‘ binrrtc for
the decline on rrtediu sources who
misrepresented overcrtnvdirtg irt ccrtrtitt
leaching positions as a complete absence of
job possibilities throughout the teaching pro-
fession. r‘ 1

“page.

 

