 

‘2"?

1 982-83

anes:

 

 

By Marc Haspel
SPURIS l.'l)IIUR

“I don’t know of

 

Although tlte NCAA Division 111 basketball playoffs continue for
two more weekends. tltls ycttr's Albany State Great Dane season is
lotig bill a tiiernory. lt ctided abruptly with last week‘s loss to
Rochester iii the FCACs. The Dattcs finished with a l7~10 record. For
it teatti which initrttlly clutrgcd oitt to an 8-1 mark and then went on to
go 9-9 tlte rest of the way. 1982-83 was truly two seasons in one.

'1 ltis scrrsoti of contrast begun brick iii November. the Danes played
sparkling bail lti tlte beginning of tire year tttid tlieri struggled nctir the
etid. iiiett though liend coach Dick Satters extctrdcd lrls consecutive
season non-losing streak to 28. while his Ditties tippearcd iti post-

season tournament play for the
\e\L‘l\lll straight year. the year ntay
hurt.- bccn triore of a disappoint-
merit than a success. After all, the
learn neier did aclttcvc its primary
goal to tcttttri to tire NCAA Divi-
sion lll playoffs.

llte Dunes had good reason to set
that goal. Albany was a confident
struad possessing a wealth of ex-
perience at all positions especially iii
the front cotttt. Led by a pair of
llliUtJ~)L'rll ictctutis itt sctiior co-
captuitis .loltri Dieckelmau arid
Mike (iatto. the Danes appeared
ready to grapple with titre of the
toughest Division III schedules iii
the nations. It would take the Danes
on a tour of some of the country's
l‘L‘sl Dtitsion 111 Icarus.

"I tltitik it was probably the tiiost
(llllikllll schedule that we've ever
had." said Sattct's. “i thought tltat
this was a good year to play a totrgli
sclicdirlc because we did have some
experience back."

lhe Dulles opeticd their season
\\l|ll a split performance itr tiic
Capital District Tip Off Tonna-
trteirt. \Vitlr Dieckelmau struggling.
tltc Danes sneaked by the RH
l-ttgittcets iii the litst tottttd. Albatiy
then lost to the Union College Ditt-
cliiircn. an NCAA lEttst ltcgiottttl
qualifying tcani. iii tire titlc gtitiic.
Dieckclriiati's troubles cotttitittcd as
the Danes battled tire Diitclittictt
tlirottgli tlitcc oscrtimc periods
c\entttally losing 79-74.

Altct the early season loss. the
“titles \tctit titi a tear. The Datics
\\t1|1 scicn games iii a row raising
them as high as 15 iii the riatiotral
polls. The Kings College Monarchs
“etc the first to fall as Sattet's
coached career victory ttttttthcr 450.
The Danes tlreti crushed the Plan-
sbttrgh Carditials by 20 poirtts itt
their SUNYAC-Last opening gattrc.
llte Danes traveled to ltiraca to par-
ticipatc iii the ltlirtca invitational
atid ttl'ter blowitig the Middlebttry
Panthers off the cottrt iti the first
rottttd. defeated the ltliaca liottibers
iii the charrtpiotrship game. Mike
(iatto led tlte teatrr with 25 points itr
that title gatire as the Danes won
their first road tournament iti 11'3"”
Iy two years. Conference rivttls
()nconta arid Potsdam paid respec-
tive visits to University (iym arid
both were turned away by wide
margins.

 

' ' 1 - t ' ' i - . -
All“ ' '7 d '3’ “mm” "‘“k ““ Senior John Dieckelmau drlvos to the hoop earlier this season. He and Mike Gatto standing beneath

any player that’s
ever graduated who
we’re going to miss
more. ”
—Dick Sauers on
John Dieckelman

 

MARCH ll, I983

w seasons in one

Hall. Potsdam. At the time the Duties were leading the East division
with a perfeu 4-0 record. Tire grrtnd prize awaiting the winner of the
division was the right to host the SUNYAC plityoffs ttt the ettd of the
season. Tire Potsdam Bears. eventttal SUNYAC clitttrtpiotis arid witt-
ircrs of the NCAA East Regional. turned back the Danes 73-65.

Albany visited Ri’i in their next game. The Duties cked out a second
victory over their foes from across the river arid prepared for the se-
eotrd semester‘s action.

But the Danes started the semester off in the worst possible way.
With a 4-1 record iii the conference the Danes were guaranteed ttt least
a first place tie if only they would win the remainder of SUNYAC-tiara
games. Albany traveled to Binghamton to face the perienttiel basement
dwelling Colonials. The Colonials took the Danes into overtime arid

won the game 71l-70. Albany's
cliaticcs for hosting the SUNYACs
litid suddenly diminished.

“The game we lost to liitigliam-
tori is the game we shouldn't ltavc
lost." Sittiers snid.

Albatty took their tiow slumping
act to Cortland. The Red Dragons.
serving a year probation proliibitittg
tliettr from participating iii the
SUNYAC tournament. begatr to
terrori/e their conference rivals.
Their first victims were the Duties.
()ti Corey (iytiinusitttrr Dedicatiott
Night iti Cortland. the Red Dragons
outrun the Danes tip and down tlte
cortrt. Cortland won 79-75 pttttittg
Albany virtually rrrtt of contention
for the right to host the SUNYACS
and placing their playoff bid iti
jeopardy.

A liotric stand couldn't ltave
cont' at a better tittre for Albany.
The Danes played host to Billgltilltl-
tori. Stotiy lirook. Staten Island
arid l’lattsbnrgli. Albatiy won all
fotir games. each iii a different way.
Albany slttttglttcred liitighamton
leading at lrtilftittie 41-9. The Duties
tltetr narrowly held on to beat Stony
Brook after the Patriots tirade a late
gatiie rally. Defending (‘UNY
champs. the Staten island Dolphins
came itr arid the Datics halted their
high powered offense. Finally. Dan
Crottticr hit all off-balance shot as
the bullet to defeat the l’lttttsbttrgii
Cardinals attd clinch SUNYAC
playoff spot.

As tlte Danes entered the final
week of the regular season. art at-
largc bid to the NCAAs still seemed
possible if Albany coitld witt the
rest of their gatties. A big witi iii
Oneonta got the Danes off iii the
rigltt direction. but a hiss to Uttiott
College two days later reduced
those hopes for art at large bid. The
Dattcs ended the regular season
with a victory at home agarttst
itlraca College.

It was tiow off to thc SUNYACs
itr Potsdam. where a tournament
victory would give the Duties art
atttottiatic bid to tltc NCAAs. lint
that dream evaporated iii the first
rottnd as the Danes lost to the Buf—
falo Shite liengttls. 78-67. A con-
solution round victory against the
University of Buffalo and that first
rortttd loss to the Rochester Yellow-
jackets in the liCAC‘s would be all
that was left for the 1982-8] (treat

 

 

 

Duties returned to acttoti tti their me “m are gradua'mg "1‘s yeah

annual showcase. the (treat Dane

Classic. indeed. this year's tottrtrametit was truly.a classic.
The other participants itrclttdcd the Scranton Royals. the tra~
lion's number otic Division 111 learn. the ilaniiltotr (Ion-
tittetttais. the nation’s ttititrbcr tliree Division 111 tctiiri tttid
the St. Lawrence Saints. in the first rottttd Albany def 'ated
St. Lawrence by eight poittts. 71-63. Now at 8-1. it appeared
that the Dattcs might very well be making that return trip to
the NCAAs at the end of tire season.

l-ind of first season.

The next tiiglrt the Danes took the cottrt against the
Royals. Albany pittycd like a different Icniri—--—tlie offense
looked sluggish and the shots just weren‘t fallitig. Albany
lost the title game to the Royals 73-63. The slttttip ltad otily
begun as llte Ditties now competing against some of the best
teams iii the nation lost games to llatrtiltott tiitd lltrrtwick.

“At the titrrc of the (treat Dane Classic. Dieckeltnatr got
sick. lle littd strep throat which later developed ittto bron-
chitis. lie had a fever all the time. lie was rittr down arid he
didn't play well for six or scvett games arid tltos six or seven
gttttics happened to be a lot of road games against probably
some of oitr toughest opponents. That tirade it difficult for
its to sustain any great effort without his scoring effort; he
averaged about 10 points per game dowtt that stretch."

“We lost sortie games bttdly and that littrt oitr rrroraic it
hit."

Albany returned to the I'rictidly confines of Uttiversity
(tym ivltcre they littd played 10-1 brill during the seasott and
defeated the surprising Cortland Red Dragons 94-74.

The Ditties were back oti the road again the following
Weekend tiitrkiitg their attritntl regular season trip to Mtixey

 

ALAN CALEM ops Dunes.

1982-83 was the lttst season for
senior center Dieckelmau. A
transfer frottr Division 1 Colgate, Dieckeitiratr played itr
Sattcrs' starting five for three straight seasons. lixeept for
this year's Capital District Tip ()l'f‘t'oitrrrrtrneut. he wrts train-
ed to every Ail-'i‘onrnatricnt tctitti iti which he participated as
a Great Dane. lle ltad a banner season as it senior despite be-
ing ill between semesters. Dieckelmau averaged 17.1 points
per gttttre. bectttiie the twelfth player in Albany history 105111"
pass the 1000 point platetttt tttid was tiatttcd to the list of
District 11 All-Americans.

“offensively, he was as good as any player tlittt ever
played for the arid as it leader. he was as tiittclt a leader as arty
player We ever had. Defensivciy. he was not as aggressive
player like i want littt that was not his nature. If it was his
nature. he probably would lirtve fouled ortt 11 lot.“ said
18’

 

«vrr an svrw—~

VOLUME LXX

 

 

YORK—21'1" ALBANY BY THE ALBANY

    
      

STUDENT PRESS CORPORATION

Tuesday

March 15, 1983

NUMBER [3

 

 

 

Students to stomac

AS board rate increases

 

lly Amey. Adams

.8 M H MI ":11

 

A $43 annual increase on the three-meal board plan was approved by
University Auxiliary Services lioard of Directors Friday. according to UAS‘
General Manager Norbert Zahm. The rate change will take effect next fall.

The stun includes air additiotiai two dollars on top of the 4.5 percetit iii-
creusc originally proposed by Zahm. He had anticipated a 6i pereetit iti-
crcase in utility costs for tiext year. he said. bttt tiow expects this iticrcase to
amount to 7‘) percetit. The additional two dollars will go towards the

estimated differctice.

Accordittg to Zahm. the original 4.5 percent iticreasc would leave UAS
with a deficit of $17,000 towards a totttl tttility bill of $371,856.

SA Vice President Anti Marie l.a1’orta cxplaiticd that the increase t'as
needed to balance tiic books of UAS. arid \’ilS surprised the hike was trot

la rgc r.

“()tte's never iti support of a board increase." Lal’orttt rtiaititaitted.
However. she said. SA was “ecstatic” the increase was otin 4.5 percettt.
While it is art increase. l.nl'trrta stressed. it is only a slight increase.

Zahnt said the $17,000cou1d possibly be ttiadc up by the corporation's
. simple itivcsttrrettts (such
as) cotitttictciai papers. treasury bills. arid certified deposits."

Ilowcvcr Zalttti added. "is it fair to hate tiic board (plan) pick tip more
than its share? ()t slirirtld other areas beside board contracts rttukc ttp the

 

P.

other investments. He maintained that thrsr. i

di ffereticc'l" ltc asked.

if board contracts were to tnakc tip tltc loss. lalirti estimated an addi-
tional three dollttts pet cotitract would lime to be added to tire proposed
4,5 pctcettt. The added three dollars. he said. would bring tiic corporatiotr

to thc break-c\en point.

UAS [loatd of Directors l’tesidcnt .loc Ratitii explained that because the
corporation was tion-profit. tlic best the corporation coitld hope for was to
break even. Rttrirri opposed the three-dollar additioti. sttyitig. "l tliitik the
4.5 percent increase is reasonable. 'l be extra tltrcc dollars is trot necessary
to tack on.“ He said the corporation‘s c\penscs could ire covered “illltllll
itttplcttteiiting an added irictctisc. adding. “I think 4.5

gCWI'UUS. --- _

The l\\l)»tltlllill increase has proposed by Dctttt of Student Affairs Ncil
lltowti. "l ooking at it lrrrttt a financial airl point of view." ltc explained.
“it's iittrcli more acceptable to go up a little caclt year than to face a sudden
accttttutlatcd amount or pttst \cats. \\‘c‘t| be better off raising it by general
tturctticnts tatlrct tltatt titlllllllt! a rlelictt urtd tlrcri hating to play catch—tip

ball." he said.

percent is

 

lltotttt ttiaitilaiiicd that it two-dollar increase would be preferable to the

Board rates

 

 

 

 

 

SUNYA works to lure enrollment of minorities?

 

.ltidie l'iisenhcrg

I'll‘tl in rt two—purl .i'cl'r'cx.

  
 

   

 

SUNYA administrators say they are strotigly commit—
ted to increasing minority enrollment arid tetciitioti on
vices to draw minorities to the university.
Within the past year. the university has allocated futi-
ditig for trtore extensive iriitiority t'cct'itittiicnt itr high
sotralized information to minority applicants. created the
Office of Minority Student Servic . arid
formaliled ati admissions office pto- 
postil for special adtiiissiotis tilt the b‘, s
of scholarship and ctlrtricity.  
l’i'csctitly. of air itndcrgradimtc body
frottt tltc l‘all 1980 statistics. which slrowcrl that of 11.255
tttidct'gt'aduates. 7.1 pet'ccnt \ict'c minorities.
Despite tltc fact that most administrators ttdtiiit the iti—
tiott. sonic feel the etitolltttctit of eight pctcctit since 1970.
is not moving fast enough.
According ttr Associate to the Dean for Student Affairs
1
Minority .’~'.t.' lctit Services. “gains hate been tttadc. but
more gains need to be tirade.

“There has to he a consistent. concerted effort if the
Martin, "It can't lic a one shot tlctil. there are those who
are tttakitig an effort. bttt there has ttot been all adcrritatc
job dotic by the university iii the past."
subject of iriitiority ctn'ollntcttt. “we still haven't reached
the goals we‘ve set for ourselves. We've got a long way to
go."

campus. arid have itriplctrietitcd new programs and scr-
schools. developed a follow-up proccdittc to give per-
of 11.178 students. 7.4 percent are tititiotitics. This is up
crease iti iriitiority enrollment is a step iii the tigltt direc-
Carl Martin. who if the ttcwly t'tL‘tllL‘tl Office of
situation for minority students “ill be improved." said

Adrrrissioiis Director Rodtrcy llart admitted that tilt the

lint. llill'l added. "There is a total university thrust arid

 

.lmlie . ' 'cttht'rg r‘r {l former news r-(Ii/or of Ilte Albany
Student Press.

 

 

cotitniittitctit to inc casittg iriitiority enrolltiient. not
ditorced front otir other efforts to bring in non-
Itaditionul students.

“One of our priorities is getting a more diverse student
body.“ llart cotrtitined. adding that. “as a pttblic tI|1l\L‘l‘-
sity we should have a student body that mirrors tiic
public."

SUNYA President Vitrcetit ()‘lcary appoitttcd tlte’l'ask
Force on Minority Rcct‘nittirent atid Retctitioit iti .lnttttary
1982 to. according to Clrnirpersotr Dr. Sltirlcy Brown.
“consolidate. strengthen and make more visible programs
already iti effect."

The task force worked to I'ortrrali/c tltc university‘s
commitment to increasing iriitiority enrolltiient. said

Minority
enrollment

 

 

 

7. 4 070

7.1%

 

     

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Lirriun.

ASslslttlti to tltc i'lcsltlcltl 1 red Yolkuciti said President
()‘1 caty "ittrpletticntcd. met the summer arid fall. just
about all of thc iccritntiicndatiotis" tirade by the task
force last spring.

The Special Admissions program. effective this pttst
fall. makes use of \1tl1_lL'L'll\c triaterials such as recommen-
datiotts aitd essays iii additiotr to straight academic infor-
titatiott such as grades. Matt said this progr it helps break
the competition among applicants to a litiiitcd entering
class arid ittstttcs the campus diversity academic records
along don't guarantee.

llnit c\p|airicd that the Special Adttiissiotts program is
similar to the Talented Strident Admissions program.
which has had lrcttt'ficltll effects oti the campus popula-
tion by admitting students on the basis of athletic. artistic.
musical and writing cteatbity iii additioti to their
academic ticliicicttictrt.

According to l-tlttcnttottal ( )ppotitttiity l’rogrant (iiOl’)
Director Vernon littck most of the minority students
enrolled on campus Iittic cottic iti through 1201’. a pro-
gtatii for economically attd academically disadvatitagcd
students of all racial backgrounds. littt. he feels. "'l'ltct'c
is a strl " icitt number of minorities out there \\l10 would
qualify under tcgulat arltirixsiotis. I don't think thc
tttiiictsity is making the effort it could to get them.

"lfprittttc schools can get minority students. \vliycati'l
we?" littck askctl.

llatt said ottc ol tltc biggest problems tiic adtiiissiotts
oll‘ice had had is getting iriitiority students to ctttoll at
SUNYA oticc they hate lrcctt .icccptcd.

"Minority stttdciits who can get itt through traditional
means receive a lot of offers of admission. and iii trinity
crises. financial aid." said llat't. “We offer financial aid
on tile basis of financial need. httt no scholarships
specifically for minority students."

iiuck said the issue of private scholarships only
“detracts trout reality. The amount of the scltolarsltip is
nothing. You have to look at wlint the fantily has to pay."

litiek explained that sotrretitues the family pays more to

15>

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

