 

L.-.:c_.u-

Caz! i

. ‘1... s... ..

6 ALBANYSTUDENTPRESS [3 NOVEMBER 4.1983

Council considers new fees

 

By Ian Clements
5 VA FF WRITER

 

Graduate and part-time students may be
required to pay a three dollar per academic
credit student activity fee under a new pro-
posal discussed at Wednesday‘s Central
Council meeting.

Student Association ofﬁcials said Thurs-
day that they are awaiting approval frorn the
SUNYA administration and Central Council
before going ahead with their plans to put the
new fee up for referendum in December.

Currently only full-time undergraduates
pay a mandatory activity fee. which must be

put up for referendum at least once every two.

years in accordance with SA guidelines.

When students vote in December on the
activity fee. the usual referendum will be ex-
panded to include a fee for part-time and
graduate students.

According to Maureen Ryan, Chair of
SA's ad hoe graduate and part-time student
activity fec committee. several new positions
would be opened on Central Council to pro-
vide representation for new tax-paying
students. She said she wasn‘t sure if the new
representation would be added by location or
category (part-time and graduate).

Ryan said that the fee would be waived for
those graduate and part-time students who
live more tltan 30 miles from SUNYA. work
at least 35 hours per week or show financial
need.

In other business. SA President Riclt
Schaffer arid Student Action Cotnmittce
Chair Steve Gawlcy discussed plans to “get
out the vote" on Nov. 8. (iawlcy said he
hopes to have four SA vans available to drive
students to the polls.

He added that members of ltis committee
will act as "poll watchers." to remind
students on the quads to vote and inform
potential voters that they can use the SA
sponsored vans to travel to the polls.

Schat‘t‘cr claimed that bureaucratic cont'u-
sion is hampering students‘ efforts to vote.
He cited voter notiﬁcation cards which are

sent to students as a major problem. Many
cards which are being settt to students are
directing them to the wrong polling places.

Schaffcr said he plans to go to the Board
of Elections to correct these errors. btit he
advised Council members to inform stitdents
of their correct polling places. because
students may not be informed correctly by
the lioard of Elections.

SA Controller Adatn liarsky discussed a
plan that would analyze the expenditures
made by SA-t‘undcd groups. Those organiza-
tions which have exceeded their budget for
three consecutive years would be named
“trouble groups." liarsky said he will try to
find out in which areas the “trouble groups"
overspend and tlteti discuss the problems
with these groups.

Erie Dttbbs was approved as a Supreme
Court justice by unanimous consent. Council
had rejected the appointment of Hamilton
South to that position by a vote of l7-0-I3 oti
Oct. i9. Approval required a two-thirds ma-
jority votittg in favor of the appointment.

Schaft‘cr said that he had attended a closed
session of the Task Force on University lltts
Alternatives. despite" a Council resolution
which called for the opening of the mectitig.
llc cxplaiticd that "it wouldn't be up-
proprittte to leave." because of tile need for
stttdctit representation on these Task Forces.
Last week Council unanimoust approved a
resolution protesting closed mcctittgs. This
protest was based on New York State's Open
Meetings Law.

SA Vice President Jeff Scltttcidcr mention-
ed that Quad Boards ltavc been complaining
that some Couttcil tttctiibcrs have failed to at-

_tend Quad lioard rnectittgs. l-le ttotcd that

members are required. by the constitutiott to
attend these meetings.

There were two btidget proposals voted on.
tioth the women's volleyball team and men's
cross-coutry team were granted funds to par-
ticipate itt post-season competition.

Nathaniel Charticy was sworn in as a new
Council tiicmber representing Alumni
Quad.

rOOOOOOOOOOOCOOCOOOOCOOOOOOOOOOOOOO0.00.00.00.00;

 

 

($6370th vat: FAvotztr

 

 

streets

 

 

 

ﬂ
SUNDAVAFTCRNOON N.r._t.._roort5iii.i

 

MON DAY N IT€ FOOTBALL

 

 

 

N. 5A BASKCI'BALL
Wilma/41M; m Mm

 

 

'SIX Fllﬂl flllllll l'ELEVlSlllN/

 

 

 

N.ll.L. STANLGYCUP PLAYOFFS g

"BeriteizeT

crow cot/nuns“ 1th goat cs cos "our or CON'I'ROL‘Httiii

llrtiurraltu Anxtltaru tscruirrii Marianna
ILA!“ incursion.“ [A

 

 

 

 

 

Ann Marie LaPorta
Accused of Hart-attendance.

 

By Jon Willmott

.lelll WRITER

 

lit a lt)~6 vote, with one abstention. the ‘-
rcprcsentative she could not lit-u [t‘plt‘tt‘ll'
me." He agreed with Kolin, ‘iilllllk "tit-tilt]:
would be bctter to have .i l.ttllll) iiiciiilwi.“
"We were shutting the titttittj.” hr and

University Auxiliary Services (UAS) elected
ati administrator ovcr tt student to the posi-
tiott of UAS vice-president. Marc (iiinpcl.
UAS Chairman of the Board defchded the
decision. saying tltat. “why should she be a
leader atid never be there." referring to the n
other candidates (Ann Marie Lal’orta's) lack
of attendance at the Monday night general
meetings.

Callitig the election of Jim Van Voorst to
UAS vice-president over herself a “personali-

 

 

Johanna Sarraceo
New president of UAS

Split UAS vote results in
administrator as vice-president

in the best interest tll lllt' \lllptttgnpi;
(UAS),” he added.

lioard member Mike lt'ltllllilll out that
Slit: would (It) it itittttl tiiliv but 3‘ mi

Lal’orta claimed that although tllt‘ out:
ot attend Monday night tllt't'lilli!\ dllt‘ltIJ

job conﬂict. she kept inttniiicd by nut-tint
with Sarracco attd (iiiiiiicl on lilt'ttlll) .iiii
Sunday. Site also \illtl ili.ii lltL'lt' \\.l\ "in
grumbling" L’tlllLL‘llllllt' tici Lid. Ill .ittu:
dance until the night llt'lttlt' lllk't'lt‘tlltlll \tii

ty attack." LaPorta insisted that UAS l’resi- added she would lllt\t' iiuit llL’l ioli ll it;

dcttt Johanna Sarracco "threw her weight
around" to keep her from the position.,

in addition to text students. the board iti-
clttdes seven faculty members, two ad- s
ntitiistrators and art alumni ritctttbcr. aceor~
ding to (iimpcl.

The student board members are ttontinatcd
through recommendations. following screen-
itig of candidates. by SA President Rich
Schal‘fcr. he added. (iinipcl explained that
the president, vice-president. and chairman

ltad known of gtuiiililiiiy huliiie lllt' clotitiii

l.al’orta also said "the Jiltlt'llh shouldn‘t

have lost the position." \llt‘ «hint that "if;

ltidcitts have violated Illt‘lt \tlllxlililt‘lld in

not voting a studctit til. “i tintilti llttl hm.
been nominated it t “its llltl titling to ion.
shc said.

SA President Rich \tlmiiii .Iltl "litttll

doubt her (Sill‘lltt‘c‘tt'\) loiitti hip .iivititio"
Explaining that S.iii.it.ii t.....l.t low but.
able to secure Lai'oitu'

it . tion. \.li.iltrt

ol'thcbotirdtirealsoelcctcdinasitnilartnaii- went on to say "Anti \liiii mi» innit

 

ncr. He said Schat't'cr makes his tccommen- qualified arid the \llltlt'lll- In mitt iiiti- 
tlations, tind tltcti the students usually vote as for her." lie added tii.it it it“ i. not tiw
a block Ior his rccomttiendations. 5mm- pmhtcm mum“... it. ilq.||>tli l\..

Since tltc students ltave a majority, (iimpel
said they can control the voting if they vote
together. Although Sitrrttcco did defeat ad-
ministrators Vernon littck and Jim Vati s

might have tlttllc \tllllc’lllllt.’

board look like tool. " "It int-v

it l.i..

l.ttl’orttt said,“it llltllt‘ iii nit:

 

 

ludctits don‘t IIEHL‘ tlti‘it mt too

i , - . ..
\ooist lor the presidency. and (iimpcl won said.

 

dtte to lack of opposition, the same did ttot (iimpel drew \ltlllltttlll’ l't‘lvm“ ii"
hold true tor lal’orta. Van Voorst, a faculty Federal system oi clictl . .intt ti..i.iii.i “'-
iuemher ran against Lal’orta and subse- saying that “this is it t‘\\ .liol. tlll ttir‘~\

qucntly won tltc position of vice—president.
Kevin Kohn. a UAS etnploycc but not on
the board, said of Lal’orta. “because she had
another job, no one got to know hcr.’I Many
students felt that a tnctttbcr of the faculty
should occupy the vice-presidency, he cx~
plained. “it would not hurt our (students’)
power because we would still hold a
majority," Kohn said. “Block voting is not

l)’ nothing to do with RichStl1.tllct."\\v.itr
overlooking that she is setting .l\ A hint
member on a l2-tft million tltlllili Llillll‘m'
tion. She has a beautiful position,"
Gimpel.

president.

Kohn said. “i didn‘t like lllt' tilt-.iiit Wt

Schaffcr ltaviitg till the tiiiitiiil.”

l’cldman. however. said. "it li.iii.iti~ut1tti

i.

tittl

 

Groucho Chico Harpo

(FREE ADMISSION TO ANYONE DR

Saturda
Marilyn Monroe y,

 

 

LC 1
. 1.00 w/tax card
7.30 a 10:00 $ $150 Mom
mu. mutt-J
MN _. _. 

  

International Film Group
presents
Friday, Nov. 4

GENTLEMEN PREFER lil.()Nl)I‘35
(EREE ADMISSION TO ANYONE WHO SINGS
DIAMONDS ARE A GIRL'S BEST FRIEND")

   
 
  
 
   

NIGHT AT THE OPERA
ESSED AS A MARX BROTHER)

Nov. 5

 

 

 

 

 

By Jim ()‘Sulllvan

EIJI (UNI/l I. .-t SSISTANT

Onc’of the names found most frequently in
SUNY campus newspapers these days is Jim
Tierney. President of the Student Associa-
tion of the State University (SASU) of New

ork.

Tierney is serving his second consecutive
term as SASU President. and has completed
his senior year at SUNYA. He cited cost as a
major factor itt his decision -
to attetid SUNYA. bttt said 
that for hitn. “as it lllt‘llL‘tl .
out, SUNY Albany was  8
much better than otltcr col-
leges" he visited as part of his duties as SASU
President.

Speaking of his involvctiicut in SASU. attd
the time and energy it requires. Tierney said
“I would not ltavc missed it fora minute... i

think a lot of people have tuisscd a lot"
from not beittg involved. and from seeing
college as only a step towards a good job.

Tierney culled SASU a "statewide
studcnts' rights advocacy group“ with
380.000 stttdctit members oti (i4 catttpuscs.
and said SASU is tltc largest system-wide
organization of students in tltc nation.

SASU has three goals to work for. explain-
ed Ticrtiey. “Protecting tlte quality and ac—
cessibility of SUNY" was the greatest cott-
cern of SASU. he asserted. Second, he said,
SASU worked ttgainsl "the ttiriny things that
effect students as second class citi/etts" such
as open container laws. tenant rigltts for
students living off-campus, and other issttcs
such as voting rights. Finally. SASU is “an
organilation that tries to get students involv-
ed in tittivcrsity governing." he said.
Students are not “just tokens." Tierney
maintained.

Tierney said he became involved in activist
politics almost as soon as he came onto cam-
pus. "l was always political. i used to watch
the Vietnam death counts on T.V,.. it was
almost like a baseball game to tne. 30
Americans to 350 Cottiniies. I had no idea of
the issues. l was just a kid." he explained. “I
was rccrttited my first week oti cttmpus... I
got itivolvcd with Student Unlon."

Touching brieﬂy on why he didn‘t get iti-
volvcd iii SA Ticrttcy said "I was always kind
of cynical—l always used to wish that they
put itito issues what they put into campaign-
ing—they'd witi a lot of issues."

Tierney started at SUNYA just as the
divestment campaign against SUNY investing
money iit eompatties with interests in South
Africa was beating tip. His involvement with
that issue led to more involvement.

Describing himself as “extremely active in
anti-nuclear and anti-draft campaigns"
Ticrttcy said his tiiost intense campaign was
tltc unsuccessful fight to kccp the Reserve Of-
ficcrs Training Corps (ROTC) off the
SUNYA campus.

"I rcttlly don't tliittk students should ltavc
to join the military to get an education"
Tierney asserted. He went oii to say hc work-
ed “bitterly” agaittst ROTC bitt that
SUNYA l’rcsidcttt Vincent ()‘l.eary “rallied
his administrators" behind tltc issue and over
what ltc believed was widespread student
dislike of ROTC.

"I really don‘t think that the military
teacltcs tltc value of critical thought in any
way. shape. or form" Ticrncy said. wlicti
asked why ltc ltttd worked against ROTC. He
said critical thought was one of the "basic
tenets for academia" attd teaches the valttc of
questioning everything to Icartt truth.

Tierney spoke about the pressures of his
job as SASU President and the amount of

NOVEMBER 4, I983 D ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 7

SA SU ’s Tierney thrives as activist and politician

 

SASU President Jim Tierney

I0! LUCKEV UPS

“I used to watch the Vietnam death counts 0!! TV. ”

tinte involved. which he said took up 80
hours a week of his time. “You have to keep
a sense of humor" he said. “you can't be an
absurdist btit you have to laugh."

He said it big ltclp was caclt school's Stit-
dctit Association. which he believes are tttore
effective now than they have ever been. "We
lucked ottt witlt absolutely fantastic people
on ctttttpttscs who are willing to put iii 85-90
lioitrs a week" to work on issues.

Ticrtiey cotumentcd art the new SUNY
budget. which the SUNY lioard of Trustees
presented to Governor Cuomo recently. and
last year's bitdgct light arid the “Save

SUNY" campaign. “We've first laid the
groundwork (for art acueptabic budget) by
making stirc the Trustees' btidget was wor-
thwhile." he said. and added that the task
was “difficult to do.“

“Last year‘s was an cxtretticly organized
campaign," Tierney said. Although tuition
increased by $300 last year. Tierttcy main-
tained last year’s fight was actually a victory.
"(iovernor Cuomo has been terrible"
Tierney said. “if what he wanted to do had
happened. he would ltave elitninatcd 4,000
positions." Tierney compared that to closing

I 13>

 

 

New Publication
Coming to SUNYAI

A forum for national 8t international
issues wltlt writing from students.
luculty on campus, and authors
worldwnlc. Uul Involved lttlctust
Meeting Sunday. Nov ti Hztlt) lii
llU Illifl (lltttnitinttcs Lounge)

 

 

 

m mamas
s 99 EARLY BIRD
'¥ SNOW, to
‘II MATlNEE SAT‘. Er SUN
. CENTER 10.2
CUIUNIK "PA" I" MACV 5 ‘59 1|")

CllEVV cn/tsr
THE
Y

FAVE RUNAWAV

THE WICKED
LADY

* ’4
FIRST RUN
FEATURES
DAN AVKROVD
TRADING

PLACES

 

STEPHEN tuitti's
THE DEAD ZONE

SEAN runnrttviiianss noun
NEVER SAY NEV
AGA N

HELLMAN
WASHINGTON AVE . ALBANY 459 5122

llﬂW Illl 'UHIIII ill'ﬂANl
THE RIGHT STUFF
(mp-mat PU
EWZELIG
WOUDVAIIKN MIAIAIIIHM ll

 

 

 
 

  

W I
is hot. tlflllt‘t'ft‘l-‘t
7 & tlii‘t 7U}?

. '. “‘1‘
When "It bea h
tattle ofSeagrrtiii s

ance

Seven & Seven

it) l‘lH] SlllCJIAM IJISlllllllS (30 NV NY AMI RICM WliiSlll‘i A IlllNI) BUI'IIOOi
Seventh) and ‘Ill"‘ ate liadrntatkt til the Seven Up Company

r stirs uiil
Real chart lttpp

  
 
  

 
 

ring taste of Si'rigrotit—hw
T titijtivt'd in tttttdcralttitt

  

h ﬂu- mol. ft'
crs. 1""

    

ever st!

Surgeons

7”}; It ul
7 ﬁirﬂtcl partners

'rs with

  

 
 
 

ir
for dance [WW-

 

 

7_..-.............u.m...c....... N. _ ,

 

