6a Abt’th- ‘

ooking

I tage right: a train departs off a
noisy platform. After the train has
left and the smoke clears, Tom.

wearing merchant marine clothes and carry-
ing a dufﬂe bag over his shoulder..stands
pondering. remembering. "This play is a
memory." he explains at the end of his
soliloquy. He puffs on a cigarette. Then the
lights go up to reveal a living room from the
world of Tom's memory. the world of
Amanda. ltis vibrant mother. and Laura. his
unusual sister.

 

Bob Gardtmer

Wltat unfolded on the stage of the Lab
Theater at the PAC this past Tuesday even-
Irtg was The Glass Menagerie. it's a play of
contrasting characters. of the old soutlt irt the
midst of the bawdy modern world of the
30's. and of Laura. a lottely. withdrawn
character trartsfixed withirt lter owrt subtle
shell. Laura's only love and pastime is a col-
lectlon of small glass animals 7 a “glass
rttetteagerie."

With soft llgltting and rich old oak colors.
the stage set. designed by Mark Pirolo. was
appropriate (or the dreamy, sad'sentimen-
tality of Tennesse Williarns' play. The loca-
ttort is St. Louis. Missouri durirtg the depres-
sion. but the audience did not have to be
told this. The old. drab iurrtiture. weathered
Wood dirting table. faded reddish pirtk wall
paper artd small glass chandeliers. along with
an old victrola playing swing music. set the
play in tlrne and place quite effectively.

The protagonist.Laura. played by Jackie
Jones, is a young women plagued with a
lack of self confidence. brought on by a
physical condition that causes her to limp.
Miss Jones did a superb iob portraying this
sensitive young woman. She seemed at
itorrte with this part. handling practiced stage
movements with a natural poise. lf atty
aspect oi her performance could be criticized
it would be her handling of the southern ac-
cent which. although consistent attd irt
character. seemed at titnes too affected.
though rtot distracting.

Her dontmineerirtg. exuberant mother

 

Amanda. played by Grayce Susan Burlan.

 

  

could be considered the antagonist of this
drama. with her insistent nagging of Laura
and her younger brother Tom. Burlan was
captivating as Amanda. An older and more
experienced actress, she swept across the
stage in a talkative vim. transfixittg the au-
dience with her active. expressive eyes and
her gay articulate speech.

The older Tom. played by Jarka Burlan,
stands outside the action. looking In along
with the audience. it is his past life which is
unfoldirtg on center stage. and Burlan plays
the older less active Tom with authenticity.

Tom in his younger days is played by Ken
Rizzo. Hi5 portrayal of the sensitive. hand-
some younger brother was good. He did at
times. though. seem not to ltave a firm con—
trol over lite emotions he had to portray.
Once. in a heated argurrtettt with Amanda.
Rizzo broke from the southern drawl that he
otherwise managed well. lrtto a modern form
of Brooklynese. which he did even better.
Arty shortcomings were slight though. and

Stage View

It On Laura

Jaquelln Jones urtd Kerr thzo in The Glass Menagerie

 

his delivery was warm and ntoving.

a»n-.~.~_.r...s.t..

The play is a slow starter as the first act sets
the scene and mood oi the family. their rela-
tions to one another. and their past. But
through the fine directing of William Leone
the audience did not have to wait long to be
immersed in the emotions and problems oi
the characters. The audience begins to
wonder what is in store for Laura. who
Williams masterfully created to depict a per
son —— maybe even a way of life — that is in-
consistent and unable to cope with a chang-
ing. modern world.

The first act ends with the anticipation oi a
'gentleman caller.’ arranged by Amanda
through Tom. to provide Laura with male
company.

The arrival oi Jim (gentleman caller) in the
second act is a high point oi the story and his
conversations with Laura form the climax oi
the play. An energetic man on the move.
Jim is played by William Salzmart. who was
obviously up to the task. Salzman's energy
transformed the dull house; his conversa-

I‘M-"“r-“tlv MhI’M-‘m

 

"RlDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1983

   

 

tions with Amanda were humorous and
reminlcent oi ‘old southern hospitality'
Through Salzman's excellent use oi facial ex-
pression the conversation between he and
Amanda becante increasingly funny. as he
slowly discovered that Amanda was going to
talk his car off whether he liked it or not.
The play ends with Laura still alone and
lonely. and Tom leaving after another argu-
mertt with his mother. Tom goes off into the
world to follow in the footsteps oi his father.
At the end oi the play. the elder Tom
looks back into the living room. where his
mother and Laura remain after Jim's visit.
He admits that he is haunted by his sister still.
He has escaped'to the real world outside this
home. but still wanders In .the anxiety he
traces back to Laura. "Blow out your candle
Laura." he pleads from the outside. Laura
bends over and extinguisltes the ﬂatnes on a
candlabra. arid the play ends with a feeling
oi intense sadrtess.but as with any ex-
perience with great art. you will leave feeling
oddly relieved. l l

Elisa Monte Excites The PAC

lectric explosions oi movement

E and energy filled the Performing
Arts Center Friday night as the cur

tain rose. The Elisa Monte Dance Company.
an ensemble oi seven dancers. four female
and three male. opened a two-day show at
the center's Main Theatre. The company
started in 1980 when its founder. Miss
Monte. left her role as a principle dancer In
the Martha Graham Company. Since that
time. the small group has been extremely
successful. winning praise from critics. while)
touring much of Europe and the United‘
States.

Susan Spector

From the moment the performance
began. the audience was captivated. and for
the rest oi the performance. gave their un-
divided attention to the dancers.

The opening number. "Life-Line." was
exactly that. It was full of vitality. brightness
and bold color Choreographecl this past

year. it was the newest segment oi the iottr
dances presented its rapid-lire music
enveloped lllk’ auditorium Movement was
constant all over the stage. Since every
square foot of It was put to use. The dancers
were clotimrl Ill lrrtgltt colors. and itidli‘lil'tii

long streamers hung from the ceiling. The
costumes hail an .trahtc tone The music and
dance were mild. protitu tng lrttrsts of energy
that l'tttlilli'n'tl lltl' ttthal music piot‘e written
by Anthony ltttvis

A solo by Miss Lisa Naivert was exciting to
'witness. She scented lost lit a differertt
world. far frorn her surroundings. as she
elevated her body rapidly away from the se-
quence of the other dancers. She appeared
to be involved in a sort of intense ritual. cott-
sunting every inch of space around her.

The number left the audience glowing with

filter Monte and l)nuid Brown in "Treading"
rain rose to reveal the stage pulsating with an
eerie red glow and another primitive musical
beat. Five dancers raced across the stage
nude from the waist up — a relatively new
approach to dancing in this area. Yet it add-
ed significantly to the effect oi the dance.
The two women appeared almost identical
to the three men as their bodies lntertwined.
like members oi a tribal unit. Again, as In the

 

exhilaration, and after a brief pause, the cur-

iirst number. constant motion was evident.

 

photo: John Fibers

This time. though. far more acrobatics and
synchronization were employed. The
dancers ﬁlled the stage with a vengeful fury
oi fiery energy. glowing in the red light. as
the audience became lost within the Im-
mense power oi the dance .
way not to give in. v

In sharp contrast to this wild furor was the
classic “Treading.” choreographed in 1979.
and still one oi the favorites among dance

There was no

critics. The motor portion oi the piece is
danced by David Brown (Miss Mortte's hus-
band) and Miss Orit Viiori. The two flowed
erotically as living sculptures in space. intert-
wining. weaving, and wrapping about each
other. in some respects, the sequence seem-
ed inhuman as they rolled about the ﬂoor.
diving and surfacing to the hypnotic tone oi
the music. The audience was mesmerized by
the sensual movements oi the dancers. Lifts
oi great difficulty were performed beautifuly
throughout the piece.

Miss Monte showed high standards oi
originality when she artfully designed this
piece. it is a step above the rest in its ability to
isolate the dancers from their surroundings.
They seemed as if in a dream-like state
amidst the strength and beauty oi each
otlter. Although Miss Mortte‘s dances do not
have plots. they do convey some idea oi
love or partnership.

The final number. “Pigs and Fishes," like
the first. employed every dancer lit the corn-
pany. Quicklypaced. it was by far the most
upvtempo piece lit the show. Far brighter
lighting was used. and the music ran at a
quicker tempo ltt constrast to the slow. iluid
demonstration of strength and concentration
in “Trending.” this nurttber was happy and
light. Every movement fit the music and
each dancer was in synchronization with the
others. In a sense. it was not a suitable finale
because it made the audience want more.
The exciting leaps and pulsating arms raised
us from our seats to give a standing ovation.

The show was an enjoyable array of con-
trasting modes oi subtle warmth and rapid
beats with strength. ﬂexibility and acrobatic
difficulty. The Elisa Monte Company
demonstrates the unlimited possibilities of an
ever-growing art. Her dance is art in motion
and cannot be recreated with paper and ink.

D

 

't. must be seen to be appreciated.

v FRIDAY, OCTOBER 7, 10‘I

 

 

' R.E.M.arks

.2 . F51.

 

5..

 

E. M. is one of a slew of successful

bands from Athens. Georgia

(fathers. include the B-52's. Pylon,
Moodfood and Love Truck). This interview,
conducted on October 2. 1983. is with the
guitarist of the band, Peter Buck. Other
members of the group are: Mike Mtllls on
bass and vocals. Bill Berry on drums and
vocals, and Michael Stype on vocals. The
band will be appearing October 12 at the

~ Skyway in Glenville.

 

Ken Dornbaum

 

Your lyrics are enigmatic. almost like
streams of consciousness. What do you try
to express in your songs?

"Well, we like to have people pick up
what is meaningful to them In our songs.
Our lyrics are very open to interpretation.

We try to write songs that are personal. that ‘

have a lot to do with our emotions and
moods. We really don't write boy/girl love
songs although if we did, we could probably
sell more records. i don't mean to be preten-
tious. but we try to write songs that transcend
the superficial top-forty type of songs that
most people hear. What We like to do is have
songs that people cart take to signify
something important in their lives and to take
the song from there."

Often your sound ltas been compared to
the Byrds. Many critics say that If the Byrds
were around today. they would sound muclt
like you. Were they an ianUence on your
sound?

"Actually; none of us really have listened
nuch to The Byrds."

Which groups have influenced your
sound? And I say that without meaning that
you are cloning the sound of someone else.

“Well. we really admire the Velvet
Underground. and The Cramps are very in-
ﬂuential to us. Basically. all the bands we
have had contact with have inﬂuenced us In
one way or another."

Care to elaborate?

"Well, we are really good friends with the
DB's; Pylon is also a big inﬂuence. We hang
out a lot with Pylon when we are in Athens.
in fact. Curtis (from Pylon) is in the living
room with me now. Anyway. when you ad-
mire a band to any extent. It's only natural to
pick up something from them. We toured
with a band from Minneapolis called The
Replacements for a couple of weeks. They
were a big inﬂuence on us. People just think
that you pick up from so-called popular
bands. but i think It is more natural to pick up
from your friends."

Within the recent wave of new music.
Athens has been giving the country more
than its fair share of great bands. Has coming
from Athens with the national breakthrough
of The B-52's had any influence on you?

“Athens has inﬂuenced us a little. as any
environment should. but generally it is a
small city and our inspirations have come
from outside of here."

 

Double Talk

Hunters 7.

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
  
 
 
   
 
 
 

 

Murmur we decided that "Radio Free
Europe" would be distributed nationally."

Talking about your next record. when will
that be out?

"We have had the last three weeks off and
so far we have written about twelve songs for
our next album. Obviously. not all of them
will appear on the album. We are very selec-
tive about what we will record. We will be in
the studio In December. with a tentative date
Ifor release In early spring of 1984."

Do you fell frustrated at all when a band
I like Kaiagoogoo. which Is basically all style
and no content. gets wide airplay although
little critical praise. and you get the opposite.
wide critical success and little airplay?

"First of all. Chronic Town and Murmur
made the top-40 on the album chart. People
get what they want. if someone has a pro-
clivity to listen to Top/10 garbage. they can
find it anywhere. (Laughs) Rock has a huge
number of people who buy records. If peo-
ple didn’t buy the records. though. obviously
we would be in trouble in a sense. Our
singles were on the charts. and during the
summer about half of the AOR stations
played us. although the extent to which we
were played varied widely. if people listened
to these singles. we got more play. and vice-
versa."

 

Changing the topic a little. you recently
toured with The Police. What was that like?

"Well. we itoted it. We just don't like to
perform in front of multitudes. Most of the
people did not know who we were. But. we
did like Shea Stadium a lot although we
didn't get much reception at all elsewhere.
We really didn't want to perform in front of
such hoards of people. anyway. We prefer
to perform smaller venues where you can get
more personal with the audience. and also
when the audience has come to see you and
not another band. It's real hard to perform
and be enthusiastic when the audience wants
to see another band."

Did you have much interaction with The
Police or with Joan Jett?

“Well. The Police were really busy during
the tour. They really had no time to meet us
or anything. However. they came and wat-
ched us at every show which ws really nice.

How do you write songs? is It a collective
effort or do each of you Write songs separate-
ly with the bartd putting in its say afterwards?

"it's a combination of the two. but usually
it is a collective effort. Michael usually writes
the lyrics. i write the guitar pieces. etc. We
are generally pretty fast writers and-we have
a lot of songs written already."

Getting back to your liaisons with other
bands. are you touring with any certain
group on the tour? Are there any bands you
would like to eventually tour with?

“On this tottr we will be with Let's Active.
That is the band of our producer. Mitch

 

Easter. They are great and we are going to

Michael Stipe. Mike Mils. Bill Berry attd Peter Buck of REM,

ltave a fantastic tour with them. We are very
good friends of the Fleslttones. Also. The
Plugs from LA. are really good friends.
I Eventually. i would like to tour with them."

 

ideally. what sort of success would you
like to attain?

“We have no goals like that for our albums
or tours. However. it would be nice to be
successful like Neil Young. You know. free
to put out records In whatever style and free
from the pressure of stardom. The kind of
pressure on The Police is the kind we really
want to avoid. They must conform to certain
standards on their albums and tours and in a
way they cannot experiment as much as we
can. Also. we like to help underground
bands. the not-so-well-known. which In this
business precludes success in the sense that
you cannot get a contract or a wide au-
dience."

Your first independent single was “Radio
Free Europe." Why was that on Murmur
(their second album) instead of Chronic
Town?

“it's iunrty that you mention that. Chronic
Town was actually going to be released on
our own independent label. and just before it
was to be printed. lRS signed us. We did not
put “Radio Free Europe" on Chronic Town
oecause we wanted to show a wider selec»
tion. and also because on our independent
label we were only going to be marketed In
New York City and Atlanta. Since it (“Radio
Free Europe") was already released there.

 

we wanted other songs on the album. For

Speaking In Heads

esplte attempts to the contrary. the

body of music recorded by the

group Talking Heads defies
categorization. From their debut album
(Talking Heads: 77) through their current
album (Speaklng In Tongues). the Heads
have spanned a musical spectrum ranging
from rock to pop to disco. About the only
genre they haven't attempted is heavy metal;
g‘erhaps their next album will take care of

at.

Keith Van Allen

Another hallmark of the Heads music is
the intelligent lyrics penned by the head
Head, David Byrne. Disappointingly true for
Talking Heads fans. though. this hallmark
crumbles on their latest release. Speaking in
Tongues. '

in spite of this deficiency. however, the
album promises to be the group's most com—
mercially successful effort yet. The reason for
this is twofold; the music is very catchy and

 

highly danceable. and most record buyers (this funky (We is
l

 

 

tend to put more emphasis on music than
lyrics. Consequently. with "Burning Down
the House" leading the way. Speaking in
Tongues should ascend the charts. bringing
them the mass exposure they very mucit
deserve.

"Everybody. get In line." if you can
restrain your feet from dancing their soles off
during side one of Speaking in Tongues you
must be dead. or worse. My favorite from
“Girlfriend is Better." The

 

combination of Byrne's pulsating bass lirte
and a hypnotic synthesizer played by Bernie
Wonell ls worth the price of the blank tape all
by itself. This-shift toward a dance-oriented
sound was foreshadowed on Ferrr 0/ Music
with "Cities." "Life During Wartime." and
especially “l Zimbra." Remain in Light
solidified this sound with five of its eight
songs being of the dance variety. On Speak-
ing In Tongues. every song, with the one ex-
ception, contains the requisite bass line. and
sion work by Steve Scales and original Head
Chris Frantz.

The commercially undiscovered songs on
theialbum are its real strength. "This Must Be
The Place" is a welcome respite from the
manic dance music of the rest of the album.
Supported by a pleasant synthesizer line
played by Wally Badarou, the song Is a
ballad about what people consider ‘home.’
Lyrically. this is the best song on the album.
But compared to the rest of the lyrics. that's
not saying much. And compared to the lyrics
on other Heads albums. these lyrics are
below average indeed. One line. though.

How do your songs relate to mood?

"We like to have our audience interpret
our songs. Our songs are wistful. but not
gloomy. They relect upon emotions."

Critics have labeled you as a very serious
band In that your songs are only serious. l
sense a humorous quality In your songs. that
your songs are not all that straight.

"i am glad you say that because we are
really a friendly. happy group. Our songs are
not heavy like Joy Division. We hope we do
not perpetuate gloom. depression. and
death. i think the critics have been
misreading our intentions. in fact there are
lots of furtny things in our songs, lots of in-
)okes. For example the song "We Walk" is
basically a children's song with a fifties type
of instrumentation. it Is a fun little happy
song. We put it on Murmur almost as a joke.
a parody of seriousness."

Wait a minute. At the beginning of the
song and at the end there seems to be a
thunderstorm or rainstorm.

"(Lauglts) Actually. that is one of our big-
gest invlokes. While we were listening tothe
final mix. Bill was Irt the hall playing pool.
Well. as a joke we mixed it into the record
and when he came in we said. "look what
you did wttlt your pool playing." He was
quite shaken up. And just to continue the
ioke we kept it lit the song. We do lots of silly
things on the record."

Warn ttte Do you do such "silly" things in
your act?

"of course. We like to ltave a great time. if
you're always serious. ltow can you? We are

 

 

 

serious trtttsicians. but ttot that serious. D

reaffirms my faith in David Byrne's
songwriting genius. "You got a face with a
'view." intones Byrne on “This Must Be The
Place." That i do.

With this. their fifth album. Talking Heads
have come full circle. For the first time since
Talking Heads: 77. Brian Eno is not credited
as producer on a Heads album. ‘Eno's
presence on the three albums he did pro-
duce led to music that was both intellectually
stimulating and artistically creative. Without
Eno. some restrictions have been taken off
the music and because of this. it's become
much more accessible to the ear of the
record-buying public. Unfortunately. this has
come at the expense of the lyrics. Byrne's
admiration for Eno as a musical peer and as
a friend compelled him to write challenging.
insightful lyrics. On the current album. Byrne
has written only words. in short. when
preparing to listen to Speaking in Tongues,
put your dancing shoes on, but turn your
brain off.

 

 

 

 

