 

 

t.~~rr\;,-.u~.r

 

 1.x mm. a"! r .~ ..

 

 

 

T o  I

A L

The kid with the gum matures

he pagans started it all. it‘s all their fault.
Well, maybe not. No one's really sure why
St. Valentine's Day got started. it might have
been around the same titnc of old [European pagan
festivals, or it might have been inspired by the an-
cietit belief that birds mute on this day — no one
knows why. biit we‘re stuck with it.

livery y ‘ar since kindergarten school children and
adults alike are attacked by the gitilt trip of Valeti-
line's Day. in sortie \vays. it‘s easier as a child. No
committmeni. no responsibility, no contraceptives.
jttst a dittic store mass-produced card. Usually red.
sometimes with white trim. sometimes not. The worst
part wits that yoti had to give one to everybody iii
your class. even tltat goddatnti kid who used to sit
beltiiid yott and crack bubblegum in your ear. Valen-
tine's sotnehow lost its tneaning.

The nervousness and gttilt trips ustially start iti

junior high or high school ~— unless you were one ol

those kids laden with extremely active hormones.

F ‘ars of rejection. fans of acceptance and fears of
fears keep pounding iti your head when you consider
sticking tlte tacky Hallmark-type Valentine‘s card in
that special .someone‘s locker. if you wcr‘ already
“going with” that someone, then you had the wor«
ries of doing too much or itoi enough for Valeuluic's
Day to face —- .v/toir/rl I play it up. .\'/lUll/(I I ignore it?
inl/i/i.‘l.‘l.‘lrlxlxl.‘lulstulxtulwlxlH.’

Tlten there are those tacky, soppy Hallmark-type
commercial cards. if the early (‘hristians hadn’t
made a martyr of St. Valentine. surely the greeting
card attd chocolate manufacturers would have. Tlte
nioderti ethic of lurv-lrtry strikes especially hard iti
late adolesence. atul adds to the guilt trip. Having a
ten-pound box ofcltocolates symboli/e trtte love may
seem rotnaniie to some, it better symbolizes several

trips to the dermatologist.

Late adolcseiice turns to early adulthood
goddamn kid who used to sit behind you .m u
bubblegum in your car quickly liccttlttcs it.
tercsting. good-looking history major you Illu|
party downtown. The obligatory dime slitie .,
turns ittto a rose bought front an autropolojt
oii the podium. The awkward note stuck in it loch-j
door becomes bttt an awkward phone call, but
and sottie experience bring some relief limit the
iety of youth. The tctt pound box ot «tun-U1...“s
becomes rarer, and happiness less Cill\l\ e.

Sometimes the reward is hard to find, and the cl.
fort makes little sense. That‘s when the manner.
cialisin and juvenile memories take PiL'kL'tit'lltt' tt\cr
new romance. That's when it's best to Ictttctttltt‘t that
it's all the pagans' fault.

 

C

 

O L U M

N

 

On being an activist «

I often recall a speech of Ralph Nader's given at SUNYA
ditriitg my first weeks as art enthusiastic, impressionable
freshman. He was particularly inﬂuential in prompting me
to spend as many hours working with so-callcd
“grass-root". “progressive”, "leftist", “public interest".
“social change“ groups...as I would spend doing
coursework dttring my four undergraduate years at
SUNYA. ln encouraging its to fight the abuses ofcorporate
and political institutions, he stressed that we, as college
students. are in tile most "idealistic" stage of otir lives. We
have more time and energy to contribute toward improving
the world than we are likely to find again.

Llon Cohen

While we may have all the positive attributes that Mr.
Nader spoke of. l have fotind that as young activists we
often lack the maturity and introspection needed to balance
our zealous self-righteousness. and thus fail to avoid the
common pitfalls of other advocacy groups.

As activists it is easy to blame external forces such as the
government or large corporations for all our frustrations.
But i think it is internal conflicts, both organizationally and
personally. that cause the most serious and least expected
disillusionment. to the sincere activists. The dynamics of
most groups. the “real world" behavior of group leaders,
and internal contradiction of attitudes and the ultimate
tendency to compromise our ideals all work to demoralize
the activist in more destructive ways than such adversaries
as City Hall. Exxon. or the Pentagon.

in almost any group the largest numbers are those who
became involved simply because they are curious and find a
comfortable social setting. They may also be receiving
credit and/or designing their resume. They usually believe
that their groups' positions are correct, but when the
pressure is on, you will not see them working very often or
very hard toward creating change. They will more likely be
found drinking beer, smoking dope. or socializing about
unrelated subjects while in the company of other group
members. Though they may stay longer. and often receive
leadership positions. they are usually around for only a
semester or two and never seen again. They are the vast ma-
jority.

On the opposite extreme are the activists who work very
hard, who feel strong enough about an issue to continuous
ly cut classes. work evenings and weekends, month after
month. This type also tends to ltave a strong personality to
accompany their strong convictions. That personality
which at times radiates positively, as often brings resent~
tttciit frotn co-workers who do not share a sitnilar point of
view. Either they are too overbearing with advice, or others
are too insecure and defensive to accept it.

in between come the activists who work just as hard, bttt
rarely feel in place pitshing others to work. They are usually
well liked. bitt their political impact will always be severely
limited since they are too mellow to effectively lead others.

Smaller arid less established groups can tnore readily syn-
thesize these tensions, but while they may develop fairly

harmonious and idealistic methods of decision making. the
larger and more established groups usually rely oti hierar»
chical structures which. by their very nature. tend to attract
the group’s shrewdcst and most self-serving individuals to
leadership positions.
These types of organizational conﬂicts are not unique in
any way to student based “social change" groups. it is

 

precisely the lack of uniqueness which tends to plague oitr
group‘s morale. What is somewhat ttttiqitc is the paradox
we encounter itt our individual advocacy work.

liy constantly studying and publicizing society's most
negative, selfish atid eorrttpt behavior while simultaneously
promoting extremely optimistic expectations of acltievable
beltavior. we inevitably imbue ourselves with two con-
ttadictory sets of beliefs. 0n the one hand we advance the
belief that we catt make a significant difference...” people
only organize. if we harness certain skills. if we get the
message out to those who do not know. if we find funding
front individuals, frotn seltools. froiti grants. atid if people
respond the way they “should”. if only, if only...To cou-
tinuc being an activist one tnitst try to be optimistic oti all
these accounts.

Yet still we somehow try to arrive at the seemingly “il-
logical” conclusion that we in an ever more cottiplex attd
overpopulated age can positively chatth the rest of society
in ways in which activists in past environments have
ultimately failed to do. if we are one of the more “respec-
table” activists from one of the larger more “established”
groups, we must arrive at elaborate explanations of how we
have begttn to win. when deep down, very few of us really
feel that way.

To close this internal credibility gap; to find some relief,
some tangible success, the pervasive tendency is for us to
compromise our goals and to a greater extent, our tactics.
In our overeagerness to win. we bit by bit reduce our
original convictions.

We increasingly accept hierarchical structures anc
streamlined decision making in place of working harder to
involve and empower our less aggressive or less popular
members. We accept this relationship as a “practical
necessity" despite our hostility towards such a relationship
between the dominant “political” institutions and the
citizenry we claim to represent. if we are the strongest
group in a coalition. we may'find ourselves tempted to gain

 

 
 

  

 

ing les.

in

it.

P  lttt

support oti issues. ttot througltt open, honest til-litll'ltt' lttit
throttglt carefully crafted. secretive plaiis designed to out-
tttaneuver others instead of mutually L‘tlttpt'tillllltl \\|lll
them.

We may begin to accept minor reforms in part ol ottt
arger goals; naturally reminding ourselves that they tttcott~
ly first steps in a rniteli larger battle. llut as little goes on.
what once was a first step tends to become a thin] step, And
what once were otir essential goals may now be lilttllitill oi
as “Utopia”. or only “idealistic” nonsense...

We might begin to channel mo - 'ncrgics ltt\\.llti ootk-
iiig effectively with government of
lactic but a Step which gives us
most disenfranchised constituenct
remind ottrselvcs that it is a rare individual who can become
tnore comfortable with a legislative leader without beami-
'omfortablc with those who need our ltelp most; tltc
homeless. the poverty and ghetto-stricken. the minorities.
and the least educated.

Our compromising tends to increase until we regularly
put our organizations' self-interest before the original prin-
CiDies on which they were founded, and in so doing, repress
both external and internal criticism of ottr heltavior...iii-
creasineg failing to reflect on just where otir moral
justifications are rooted. As our groups develop. on WP 0‘
all clsc we must be cautious of the increasing tendenct to
view internal criticism as self‘destructive, ill-afforded
behavior. when it is the denial of our own weaknesses tltﬂl
eventually epitomizes our self-destruction.

“practical” terms alone.
hypocritical tactics are invariably negated by the ultimate
disillusionment; the ultimate drain on morale and resolve
that such tactics cause. Perhaps our advocacy work will
rarely succeed in developing heightened consciousness ttt
.others, but if we reﬂect our most sincere and hitinane ideals
in all facets of our work, at least what we do tlevelot’v ll
CV3" just in ourselves, will be a truly meaningful dcvclt)
ment.

   

 
  

 

 

 

 

nun-w “m 

 

 

 

less interaction \Hllt ottt
'  lti this haste \\L' must

 

 

 

