 

 

  

BECOME PART OF THE
ULTIMATE RECREATIONAL
SPORT!

ULTRALIGHT
FLYIIIG

  

 

     

‘

BETA GAMMA SIGMA

National Business Honor Society

    

The following students have been
elected to membership

Graduate

 

    
  

EXCITED
ULTRALIGHTS TO SUNYA.

THE SUNY ALBANY FLYING CLUB
IS
TO ANNOUNCE THE INTRODUCTION OF

Juniors Seniors Students

Adrienne Beebe
Richard Carlllo
Jeffry Cohen
Elizabeth Clttttt’
Michael Dernaltos
Liitda Dickerl
Mark Frankel
Margaret (lain tt'U
Richard Gicewtt /
Michael Gilligan
Martitt Greenwood
Rita Guille
Marguerite lx'utx
Pamela Ladd
Diane R. Lindais

Barbara Aldrige
David Berkowltz
Carolee Carmello
Joseph De Angelo
Christine Dratch
Monica Geschwind
William Hodash
Michael Levine
Edward Palrnese
Scot Robinson
Steve Sanders
.lackie Serota
Rona Silver

Eddie Straks

Susan Swift

Tintothy Blake
Mary Ann Bottiettgo
Thomas Condulis
James De pottte
Linda Earle

Lucy Edwards
Laurie l-‘uttess
Nancy Glassntait
Lauren Goldberg
Jennifer Gurkait
Sheryl Johnson
Diane Lalim
Kevin McCormick
Peter Morici
Tracy Nimnto

 

  

WATCH FOR MORE DETAILS
AND COME SEE US DURING
ULTRALIGHT WEEK
APRIL 4 - APRIL 8

Patricia Travis
Michael Wellheinter
Jan Wnorowski

Mo Wong

Margery Zielchick

Mary Menzies
Yokesart Reynolds
Jolut Sand
Edward Smith
Robert TillbtKiL‘ttlt
Nancy Ullel‘bilt‘li
Janice Weltrett
Kenneth Willing
Bruce Woods

Debra Saks
Waldemar Schaeter
Brett Schoeitig
David Singer

Jodi Solomon

 

 

 

 

 

   
   
    
  
 
    
  
   
 
   
  
  
 

 

 

‘i'ositlons to I10 Nllllll

Central Council
Alumni Quad (3)
Colonial Quad (3)

Dutch Quad (3)
Indian Quad (3)
State Quad (3)
Off-Campus (9)

University Senate
Alumni Quad (3)
Colonial Quad (3)

Dutch Quad (3)
Indian Quad (3)
State Quad (3) .
Off—Campus (7)

ha i

r 3 .

ti; ‘
H“,

is ‘ (i

it i

l. f,

. t

t , j

 

 

NOMINATIONS NOW OPEN

For Spring Elections
Apt-ii 13m and 14th

Student Association Officers r
President
(Petitions Required)

*Self Nomination forms and petitions availabl .
e l S ~
and should be submitted between 9 an: arltdd gin; (CC 116)

Deadllne: 5 p.m., Frl.,

 

 

 

Apply for position: where you will its milling nut your.

Vice President

 

 

 

University Council
1 Seat Open

Student Association of
the State University (SASU)
2 Seats Open

Alumni Board
5 Seats of Graduating Senior Class

Class Councils
Class of ’84 — 15 officers
Class of ’85 — 13 officers
Class of ’86 — 17 officers

    

March 25

   

 

 

 

COngregation supports Jewish gay

 

By Christine Falk

“i don‘t find that my conception of
Judaism rules out uty being gay." said David
Passer. a representative from Am Tikva, a
community of gay and lesbian Jews in tltc
Boston area. Passcr's comment expressed the
apparent conccnsus of tltc group. which met
at the Campus Ccntcr'on Sunday.

"1 have a Jewish lover," Passer said. "Our
parents know we are guy. They know we are
a couple and we are friends," he explained.
“This is unusual, arid it's good to know we
ar' acccptcd iit tltc family aitd we cart coit-
tirtiic involvement iii the Jewish
community."

’tisser said itis fatnin was always active in
tltc religious community rind that. although
tltcy supported his decision to make ltis scx-
ital pcrfcrcnccs known to tltat coniinttttity, it
was only wltcit lic catitc to lioston aitd joincd
Ain Tikva that he wits ablc to “bring tltcsc
two idctititics togcthcr."

"i fccl bust." l’rissc . "that at Attt
Tikva we are a supportive network. l’coplc
wlio ciirt't coritc out to their families cait get a
Jewish fantin t'ccling with u. "

litnplittsl/iiig that Atit 'l‘tk‘va docs itot
rcprcsctit "traditional Judaism." Prisscr ck-
plttiitcd that it offers its members an oppor—
turtity to practice their icligiott and opcrtly
dctil with tltcir “tiltciniititc lifcstylc“ at tltc
same time. “in a mainslr 'aut synagogue." he
said. “it is difficult to have it remembrance
pi‘aycr said irt honor ol' tltc dciitlt of a lovcr'.
But at Ant 'l'ikva tltc congregation says a
prayer together and any tttcritbcr of tltc cort-
grcgatloii cait request tltc riantc of artyoiic
tltcy want rcmcmbcrcd."

Once a year Pussci' said. Am 'l'ikva has a
ritctitorial scrvicc for those who died irt tltc
holocaust. “Wc honor everyone who died.

 

ﬁ
E

 

including gays aitd lesbians as well as non-
chs." he said. '

Mark Maxwell. another member of Am
Tikva. said that the organization "offers a
way for a non-Jewish lover to understand the
cultural differences and learn about tradi-
tional Jewish culture. We also cart ltclp pco-
pic titrottgli our experience of corniitg out to
tltcir families." '

Priscilla Golding. an Am 'l'ikva rcprcscn-
tittivc. said that Am Tikva is it member of the
World Congress of Gay and Lesbian Jewish
()rgani/ations which is international lit scopc
aitd has member groups all over the world.

"We are there." she said. “We are a warnt
group aitd we are open to Jews arid nort-
.lcws. it is good bccattsc we are able to givc
Jewish exposure to the community."

Wltcrt asde about Artt Tikva‘s relation-
ship with lsracl. Golding said. "in l|)7‘) oitr
coni'crcttcc was ltcld iii lsracl. Tltcrc wcrc tita-
jor problcrtts. One of them was that an ar-
rangement was tttadc tor accontinodiilions
and by tltc time people got to lsrticl iilt.‘ ltotcl
said they had bccrt tlircatcitcd with tltc loss of
their license. 'fltcy cancelled within it day and
wltcri cvcryonc tll'il\‘t.'ti lilCI’L‘ was no place to
iitcct. TllL‘y crtdcd up staying iii people‘s
ltonscs. 'l'hcy jitst Iravclcd around iii rt group
looking l'or a pliicc to stay."

(ioltling said that tltc rnctnbcts of the cort-
l'cicitcc brought money for trees to bc
planted in isi’acl. "When they illll\‘CLl iii
lsiacl tltc ittortcy had ali‘caly bccii sent ahead
and accepted by tltc chish National Fund.
liowcvcr. tlicy \vci'c told that a pitiqttc could
ttot go tip saying ‘0in arid Lesbian .lcwisli
()ganiratiott.”' That was irt 197‘) site said.
arid tltc dcltate still goes on. "The dccision
was niadc that a blank pliiqtic would go tip so
you rtoticc something is missing. 'I‘ltcy of~
fct'cd to give tltc ritoitcy back btit most pcoplc

 

 

Marla Muscarelia. Dr. Nabli Khoury. Dr. Mohammad Haliaj

rI/tr/ t-I l‘lllfll’Il/J' jirrljtirTT/iir' I/ll‘illJ't‘lt't'XJ i V

 

“ii’t' ii'trrr/ to Hitl/t't‘ iii/in'rrrrr/iort tll'tli/tl/i/t'. . .

,rl.

  

MARCH 22. 1983 i‘] ALBANY STUDENTPRESS 5

tell that the lsracils should keep it."

Anti-gay and lesbian feelings are not
unusual for a place like isracl. Golding said.
because it is “a small country and everyone
lives so close. Some of us would have pro-
bably never come out if we did not move
away front our families."

All three members of the group agreed that
Artt Tikva did not encounter any trouble
within its own community of Boston.

“Boston is unique." Passer said. “it has
always bccn active politically and supports
many organizations. We are accepted as
another Jewish organiration of an alternate
lifestyle."

“We have a lot of support from “diet at
MIT," Golding said. "They are the ones who
allow us a place on their campus to ntcct.”
(inkling said that tltc group now has about 54
ntctiibcrs ranging irt age from 23 to 50 with a
titcart age of about 30 attd is cvcnly split bct-
wccrt inch and women. “But some rcligiotis
ctcnts." Golding said. “draw as many as itX)
pcoplc. cspcctally tltc .icwisit New Year. l‘.\cn
if tltcy only come oitcc ri yciir Iltcy waiti to
cclcbtatc witit otltcr' gays and lcsbititts.”

Ant fikva ntcitris “‘Pcoplc of iiopc." lltc
oigiini/tition holds Sabbath cxcnittg sculccs.
holiday cclcbiations. attd social ctcnts. II is
litll by connitittccs. with ito ptcsidcnt or Rab»
bi. Ant l‘ikva is not iiffiliatcd with an) of tlic
olficiiil bitincltcs of Judaism and uses its own
dcgcndcti/cd liturgy.

the merit oii Sunday was organi/ctl by
(iAl.A and llillcl and its purpose. according
to a (i.\l A icprcscnttititc. “is rtot to con-
tiucc anyottc of anything or iicgritc anything.
biit simply to offci’ an educational forum for
anyonc intci‘cstcd in lcarning about an afici-
tttttc lit‘cstylc." About 25 to fit) sintlcttts botlt
gay and not gay. Jewish and non-.lcwisii at-
tended tltc cvcnt.

ED MARUSSICN UPS

Jewish groups rally against A SA speakers

<Ftoni Page
Dr. ltcrrigtiti's appcrirancc iii the speaking
scrics, Moncs said, "It's sad that a woman
like this. who is ttot a malicious pcrson.
allows ltcrscll' to bc uscd likc a prostitute by
tltc Arab propaganda cl'l'ort." Kaycd
rcspondcd to these comntcius, saying, "We
don‘t btty and sell facts. We want to make in-
formation availiiblc to tltc .studcnts t‘rcc, and
lct tltc sttulcnts jitdgc for tlicinsclvcs. Attd
our information is ttot to cltallcrtgc tltcir in—
formation. li is oirr philosophy that informa-
tiott has to bc madc avttilablc to the
students." He added that. “no group has tilt:
right to stop the studcttts' right to know,“
lra l‘rontc. Trcasurcr of Jewish Stitdcnts
Coalitioit-l'lillcl. said. “l'rn sure that botlt
sidcs bclicvc tltcir llllCi‘pI'UltllltillS arc
corrcct." .lSC-llillcl cit-sponsored tltc pro-
tcst with RZA.

.lSC—l'lillcl Prcsidciu Mclinda Millcr did
not fch that tltc ASA lccturc scrics picscntctl
any reason for ceasing to hold discussions
with ASA. “i feel that wc should participate
in tltc talks." she said. aitd addcd that “tltc
Jewish students and Arab stttdcnts can
uitdcrsiattd each other. and we can program
events on this campus that won‘t step on
anyonc's tocs."

Kaycd did itot scc arty r ‘ttson for a JSL
dclcgtttion at the scrics iii the first place. "I
don‘t scc wlty tltc .iSC should participate iit
tltc talks. Tltc cortflict is between tlic RZA
arid tltc ASA."

Moncs said that as long as tltc ASA is at-
tcmpting to "legitimize" the PLO, tltc RZA
will itot givc tltctti credibility by holding
discussions with tltcnt. Referring to the sc—
coitd of a scrics of fortint tncctings bctwccit
tltc ASA and campus .icwisit groups schcdul-
ed for tomorrow, Moncs said that “Iltcrc is‘a
very good chance that tomorrow will be tltc
last tiittc we will sit dowit at a Iitblc with tltc
ASA."

The first forum mcctirtg. convcncd aftcr a
confrontation at tltc \Vorld chk fcstival on
March 3, resulted iit botit groups sayng that
tltcy were pleased that a process had started
iii airing vicws over a table. The disputc dur-
itig World chk focused oit tltc question of
whether tltc ASA could display material
which the RZA found ol‘fcitsiv‘ at tlil event
which was intended to emphasize tltc positive
aspects of various cultures.

Dean of Student Affairs Neil Brown. who
has bccit assisting irt mediating the discus-
sions between the ASA and the Jewish
groups. would not comment on the subject.

Another potcittial issue of friction iirosc oit
Monday evening witcrt mcntbcrs ot‘ tltc ASA
citcountcrcd posters around tltc campus
podium which allcgcdly called for tltc dcatlt
oi' tltc Pl.().According to Kaycd. ittcntbcrs of
tltc ASA approached Moncs and ililscnratlt
ol' tltc RZA for information about tltc
posters. and were told that the postcrs
l'caturcd tltc symbol of tltc .lcwislt Dcfcnsc
l.caguc. which has no chaptcrs on campus.
Moncs says that tltc RZA had "nothing to
do" with tltc posters, and may have bccn put
tip by a .il)i, ntcmbcr. or by soinconc clsc
prctcridiitg to bc a .il)l. mctnbcr.

About the protest itsclf. Moncs said. “it
went finc. it was basically what was planncd.
We thought that what was plannctl was very
rc'isonablc, wc wcrc rcstraittcd. as part of our
agrccntcnt with the university. i think that
tltc university should have i'ccogrtilcd that
arid not tried to rcstrain us as nutclt as they
did." According to Moucs. ti university of-
ficial wltottt he declined to name allegedly
asked tltc demonstrators to lower the lcvcl of
volume ot' their chanting and singing.
Hilscnrath added. “We bent over
backwards" to underline tltc peaceful nature
ot' tltc demonstration. if]

S

 » swim-Wu" ~.-m—m.eu~.mtcm v » - .n- s . - rust .  :

 

 

LAURA soarth UPS

 

Ann Marie LaPprta
. '(‘I't' rrtulivulian"

 

Council controversy
«Front Page A

of ‘H4 on tltc part of Ann Marie Lai’oria.
Johanna Sarracco, and Dan Robb." llc
cliitrgcd tltiit they all have poor attcndciicc
records. and called tltc current situation a
"soap opera."

Robtt. who lost his voting rights al'tcr miss-
ing tltrcc consccittltc iiicctings. said he
\\tItllL'tl to ittakc art antciidnicnt irt tltc clcc-
liolh pioccduics. btit “couldn't bringin an
tllilL‘lltlIllL‘lll bcciiitsc there‘s no constitution
to rtmcnd." llc clttitncd that he's been rc-
qticsting a constitution siticc Scptcinbcr.

Member Johanna Surtticco. who has also
lost her toting rights. id tltcrc liiivc'bccn
sonic disctcptutcics iit clcctioit proccdnrcs irt
tltc past. Shc added that shc too has bccn try-
ing to get a constitution sincc Scptcmbcr to
fiitd oirt exactly what tltc procedures
atc,Spccifictt|ly, Sarracco said tltc number of
scats to be opcncd on class council clcciioit
apparently varicd frottt ycar to year.

l'ody claimcd tltal 12 or l3 council seats
wcic opened last year although only scvcn or
eight pcoplc rait. This y..tt. he explained.
“Since it‘s clcctions for senior year. and peo-
ple might want loch involved." 15 seats will
be open. Although he has given this number
to SA. tltc class council has not votcd on it as
yet.

Atty ntctttbcr of tlic jtiiiior class can obtain
toting rights within the class council. by rit-
rcnding Ilircc consecutive meetings. Phillips
c\plaincd, and cart lose iltcir 'rigltts by miss-
ing tltrcc rncciings in a row. Phillips said the
constitution was written that way “so people
who rcally like to be involved can acquire
voting provilcdgcs."

This rtiic. ttotcd Lal’orta. can be abused by
tltc prcsidcitt iii a situation where ltc/she cort-
ducts tltrcc ritcctiitgs in ottc cvcnittg to create
ncw toting tncntbcrs.

Robb cltlimcti this procedure was
employed by Phillips last spring, tltc night
I‘Ititl)’ was clcctcd. “Hc (Phillips) ltcld tltrcc
nicctings iii lcss titan I‘ivc tiiinutcs," Robb
said. I'liis was not tltc only occasion when
this occurred. ltc addcd.

 

Phillips strongly maintained that tltc only
instance where ltc ltcld tltrcc conscctttlvc
ntcctiiigs was tltc ctcning mentioned by
Robb. “Sontctimcs lcgislativc bodies do that
lit oi‘dct' to ink L‘tlrL‘ of things. That's tltc way
lliL' :igcitda was drawn tip." lic csplaincd.

Part of tltc problcin. ttotcd LaPoi'ta. is
that ittcctiiigs arc itot ltcld on a regularly
scltcdulcd basis. l.al’orta also added that she
isn't notified of a mccting until two days iii
advance. l"

Site critici/cd tltc class officers for not
publici/itig ntcctings aitd clairttcd. “it's (class
council) :1 group of l'ricnds operating at the
exclusion of others."

Class incctings. titainttiincd Fody. have
bccn iidvcrtiscd iii the ASP at least five tintcs
this y ‘tll'. Usually tltc advcrtiscntcttts were for
upcoming events and the class meeting infor<
rtiaiioit was ttoted iii tltc ad. "it coittcs dowrt
to a qucstlon of money," he said. explaining
that paying for ads every week is a financial
drain.“Wc just assume that if people really
\’tllllt.‘d to get involved they would get in
touch with an active member."

Fody has called a meeting for this Tuesday.
to discuss amendments to election pro-
ccdurcs. He plans to hold two consecutive
meetings so that. all members at tltc last
meeting. when this issue was discussed. will
be assured voting rights.

The meeting is scheduled for to pm. at the
Fireside Lounge in the Campus Center. t'fl

 

gr w; s r: s~. r. .. , V « _ -

 

l
i

 

 

 

