 

  
 

1
I

a aspects on tuesday

"Ultra What?

27>

omewhere‘ In England. not too
S far from Liverpool. stands the
Rock-n-Roll High School found-

9 .
8 ed In 1972. Popular classes Include

3 electric-rock music. egotlsm. synth-pop

 

sow“ - _..._._...,._

music. profound lyrics and drugs. alcohol
and tobacco. Past students Include
Ultravox! who just released Quartet. and
the ever popular David Bowie. who was
B.M.O.C. (Big Musician On Campus) for a
number of years.

' Gail Merrell

At High School. Uitravoxl were the kids
who were always on the fringe of the
popular group. They wanted to be just like
Bowie because everyone liked him. press
and students alike. and he got all the girls
(and boys). Also. David went to all the par-
ties. as he was friends with everyone.
Even though Ultravoxi didn't have many
friends. they were held In high regard by
their peers. The graders (the press).
however. weren't too fond of tltetn.

The boys studied very hard and released
their first assignment. Ultrauoxi. in ’77.
With the help of Brian Eno's production.
the group recorded an expanded version
of Bowie's “Ziggy Stardust" sound. The Ill-
fated assignment was late and the boys
were accused of cheating. They were
caught copying from Roxy Music. Bowie
and the Velvet Underground. Even their
classmates didn't like the sound. They were
more interested in hearing Johnnny Rot-
ten. the lead in the school play that year.

The group tried to gain back their
reputation by quickly releasing Ha! Ha! Ha!
and Retro. a live EP. Although both have
strong elements of punk. there wasn't
enough there to make their friends gush
over them as they did over Johnny R.

To bolster their Image. Ultravox had
plastic surgery done over the summer bet-
ween sophmore and junior year. They
dropped the “I” from their name and
replaced guitarist Steve Shears with Robin
Simon. the class cut-up. To improve their
grades. they asked Conny Plank (Kraft-
werk) to tutor them. Systems of Romance
was released In September 1978. It mixed
modern rock and electronic inventiveness.

perspectives on tuesday

 

lscussion or debate? That is the
D question. This past Thursday

evening. after a most engaging
performance of the play Getting Out at the
Performing Arts Center. a "discussion" was
held in the theatre conducted by Professor
Barlow of the English Department.

Michael Greenfield

After such an inspiring performance.
one cannot but expect emotions to be
charged. and they obviously were. Discus-
sion In my opinion. Is respectful. courteous
conversation of a topic. not rude.
argumentative rhetoric. After thoroughly
giving the director (Professor Hanley) a
harsh going over about the actual theme.
those discussing the performance. or may i
say debators. proceeded to focus In on one
aspect — that of rape.

Let me clarify the point. Rape Is a major
concern. obviously deserving considera-
tion by any discussion group. The rights oi
women and the hardships of growing up as
a female In a male dominated society both
are key elements of the story. Getting Out
is about women. but by no means are these
the only significant issues depicted. There
are others and for that matter equally Im-
portant ones.

For example. the plight of the modern
day ex-con seems to be an important Issue.
Arlene will always be a prisoner. Whether
the prison be Pine Hills or the
claustrophobic. "two bit" room that she
returns to. free. Arlene never really Is out
of prison. The bars on the window of her
apartment serve as the most obvious sym-
bol that she hadn't and probably never will
"get out" of her confinement. She has been

 

 

noun.» “mt-01W

 

 

 

 

 

 

They were caught cheating once again. this
time from Gary Numan and The Human
League. Even though the other bands ad-
mitted copying from Ultravox. nobody
believed them and lit December 1978.
their label. island Records suspended
them.

The group became part of the A.F.S.
(American Field Service) and they toured
Europe during January and February of
1979. The clique split up upon their return
to England, with leader John Foxx doirtg
solo work while Robin Simon got friendly
with the boys In Magazine. Billy Currie
joined a new gang. Visage. run by Midge
Ure. and Billy also toured with classmate
Gary Numan. Midge became a fast friend
with the remaining Ultravoxers Billy Currie.

 

 

set loose Into a world that she was un-
prepared to handle. Alone and vulnerable.

 

Chris Cross and Warren Cann. and decid-

all that Arlene could see for her future were
dishpan hands for $75 per week and pickle
loaf on Wonder Bread. Once again society
has attempted rehabilitation in its most
usual Ignorant manner.

This makes Arlene (well. Arlie-girl) a vic-
tim of society. She has been given no real
chance - but. In a sense. neither has Ben»
nie. Bennie (the prison guard) is a victttn of

 

ed to join them as his group Visage studied
alot but never toured the streets.

And so by April of '79. Ultravox was
back In the classroom and Chrysalis had
given them their first assignment. They
again asked the help of tutor Conny Plank
and recorded Vienna In three and a half
weeks. Because of their suspension and
bad grades. the group was punished and
the album wasn't released until senior year.
after the prom. It didn't begin to do well
until the beginning of '81. when finally the
press and their classmates adored them.
They were moody romantics who tnade
their serious points with cold technology.

Out of school. and now distinguished
graduates. the boys released Rage In Eden
in the fall of 1981. It was the second album
with their winning line-up. Artistically. the

Getting Out —Debate Or Talk?

age because of her lack of education and
socialization. Prostitution was a way for her
to "earn" lots of money. and violence was
her answer to all conflicts she encountered.
This is an over-simplification. but the fact
remains that we can be sympathetic
towards Arlene because of her childhood
and not to Bennie. even though he does
show obvious ignorance. as well as some

 

This is not intended to defend Bennie. It is supposed
to open up minds, minds so tunneled in on their
goals that they dont hear discussion, only debate.
They think in terms of rhetoric, not understanding.
When people get together to discuss, listening to
each other is just as important as speaking one’s
mind. The sharing of thoughts is the key to
understanding. Nothing really gets accomplished
when a group of concerned intellectuals organize a
talk about a performance and end up arguing.

his socialization. He could not be excused
for trying to rape Arlene. his apology of
curse being a joke. If a person Is not
educated in manners. and doesn’t really
know better. how can he be expected to
realize. without being told. that forcing sex
on a woman Is not a way to show affection.

And what about poor Arlene. She killed
a cab driver (her abusing father being one)
and became a prostitute at such a young

 

 

)

- #50?ij a ~.c.-......_........ «mm. “his: a. tmua twaammnmiunmm ..

...,.

sense of morals when he states. “I'm not a
rapist!"

This is not Intended to defend Bennie It
Is supposed to open up minds. minds 'so
tunneied In on their goals that they don't
hear discussion. only debate. They think in
{firms of rhetoric, not understanding.
I hen people get together to discuss
istening to each other is just as Importanl

album was a natural progressron from
Vienna. with more synthesized instruments
and vocals. Unfortunately. It Incler thr-
llghter touches that made lr'tr‘tltto n...
palatable. The press seemed to like It lit'lfur
than their newly acquired Art (ToIIr-tre
classmates. and the boys were illt'ltlitliili’tl
the "New Europeans" (the title of Hire of
their songs).

From the Art School. the boys \wn- Lil".
nlng all about using classical lnllttuttt ['3 .....i
harmonic structures to create .r tlrtttiiit’tl

dark feeling. They were able lri pass .rIl of
their courses that year because they stcvturl
clear of their past tendency to Illtlltltrv m
robotic sound. But they missed getting A's
because of their melanchon moods and
eerie scores.

The groups latest project. Qtturtt't hikes
a turn back to their romantic days The hit
single “Reap the Wild Wind" is lush and
paints swirling. serene Images. It's it love
song In the same vein as Bowie's "Wild Is
the Wind". but this time Ultravox was
careful not to plagurize. The rest of the
album. however. sounds like the paper
from an all-nighter —— beautiful images rlr.rr
go on and on and can't seem to strip
themselves. hoping to make up in trltttliltiy
what they lack In quality.

Perhaps Art School Is getting in
Ultravox. I hear that the competition Is
quite fierce. Transfer students like ’i'lrorrms
Dolby. or newcomers like A Flock of
Seagulls. who both Whip out trrriirtrrrr
melodies. are strong competitors. Art liork
is a tough major. especially when VHII'HI
still trying to hang onto your giiltrtt. hm
and drums. Although Ultravox is rem-icing
lots of credit for doing what they've thtllt‘tl
to. fashionable or not. their new album on
Iy deserves a 2.75 GPA. the major [ttti
tion of the grade coming front "licrrrr ilrt'
Wild Wind".

They shouldn't be written off llutvr'it'r
Midge Ure is a superb vocalist .rnri Itrlly
Currie Is a a top-rate violinist and ltr'\‘lttr.rt
dist. They could easily turn out .t lrll .rllrnrrr
Ifoniy they'd write shorter songs Solar lllt‘
press ls withholding tiny Irrstnrrr
judgements. after all. they're only rtrllt‘tjt'
kids.

 

 

as speaking one‘s mind! The sliriiillii of
thoughts is the key to uttdt'rstnnrlrvrxr
Nothing really gets accomplished when .r
group of concerned intellectuals. orgttnr/v
to talk about a performance and t'llil 1t|t
arguing. Using one's power of pursurrw
to overcome or suppress attotltct [tr'lwit‘
point of view is a form of rape It's lllt' irtjir'
of someone's rights by a dominant tt‘u‘t
powering force. Is this considered tlw to
sion?

During it discussion. a person should in
able to speak one's mind without ltvttttl "”
his/her guard. and without the fear of cm
barrassment and a harsh. matter of in!
reprisal—especially front the leader of the
discussion group. A leader has the respoti
sibllity to keep some semblance of order It
Is the leader's responsibility to be its old“
tlve as possible and to make a sinceri- ttl'
tempt to be fair. Giving the floor first to NW
women. then back to the men. then back
to the women. etc. seems to be a Way of
creating heated debate not an orderly corn
munication of ideas.

This leads directly to the point. Was lltlﬁ
discussion or debate? The feminist pro»
spective of this play is a valid one and it
isn't my intention to undermine it. But. iak
lng this position to an extreme in the
arialiisls of Getting Out. counts out all other
issues as unimportant. I thought Feminism
has as its goal education. that is opening
minds. teaching people to escape their run-
nel vision. look at an alternative point of
view. Only mortistlc views were displayed
at this discussion. “Feminism vs.
Machomanta"—when confronted face to
tote. each doesn't give an Inch of leeway-
Can anything be accomplished. 9W9"
these circumstances? Isn't this how wars 9‘“
started? Do we all want to end up likL’
squished frogs? U

 

 

 

 

 

 

riday night at the Egg was the
F scene of a truly unique dance
performance by the Paul
Sanasar'do Dance Company. Sartnsardo
has studied’with Martha Graham. Anne
Sokolow and Pearl Lang (in fact he was
Miss Lang's partner In her company for
twelve years). The Influence of these cor-
nerstrrnes of modern dance are very evi-
dent.

Megan Gray Taylor

Satrsrrrdo send In an interview he credits
Graham with being “a tremendous Irr-
flttence on my development its a dancer."
although he attributes even greater Irr-
lluerrce to Anthony Tudor and Sokuiow
who he feels gave him .t tcrrrpemtnent.
Sanasardo. after no rtbscence of several
years (during which he headed the Bat-
shevg fiance Company In Israel). has

' returned to the dance scene with force. re-

establishlng himself 1‘5 .1 major factor in
modern dance today

On. Friday evening. the' company
presented Snnnsnrtlo's newest piece
Prentorriiions. The performance opened
with this Work and my reaction was whole-
heartedly negative. There is a difference
between discordant choreography and
dancers out of time. Satrasardo's dancers
don't always seem sure of the difference.
The piece In three movements was set to
the music of Charles Ives. Darius Milhaud
and Nikos Skalkottas. none of which was
well suited for the Idea or movement.
There was no spark In the choreography.
rather It was a mediocre rehash of
Graham/Ailey Innovations. Never did iget
a sense of ‘premonition‘ rather I felt like I
was watching the "the of Spring" with the
rites. The only positive part of this piece
was the dancing of Megan Axeman which
was excellent.

Following this priernere. I viewed the se-
cond piece with some trepidation.
Shadows. which was choreographed in
1973. Is a soft. somewhat Marcel Marceau
piece with Sanasardo himself dancing the
second movement. There was a bit too
much mime here for me. and my first Im-
pressions of Sanasardo were less than (an-

Foley’s

oo much of a good thing Is bad.

I an axiom that Is proven once

again with Ellen Foley's new

album Another Breath. Even when the

good thing Is a nice voice. you can find

yourself wishing for earplugs or an axe.

The singing of Ellen Foley probably won't

affect you that strongly. but it definitely has
the potential to aggravate.

Robert Schneider

 

Another Breath is the third solo outing
for Foley. She has previously worked with
some extremely divergent acts. all of which
have done well both critically and commer-
cially. You may recall her whiny. pouty
duet with Ian Hunter on “We Gotta Get
Outa Here". Hunter. by the by. along with
Mick Ronson. did the production of Foley's
first solo effort. Nightout. Remember
“Paradise By the Dashboard Light"? Foley
played the role of a sex-wary seventeen-
year-old facing the Moment of Truth In
Meatloaf's car. She's worked with
boyfriend Mick Joncs' band. The Clash. on
Sarrdunista. where she sang "Hitsville
U.K." Jones and his buddies returned the
favor by playing along on her second
album. The Spirit 0/ St. Louis. Jones and
Joe Strummer also penned some songs for
that one.

It's easy to see why Ellen Foley has
worked with some real biggies. She‘s ad-
mired for her strong. clear voice. and that
admiration is well-deserved. On Another
Breath. however. her voice demands too
much of the spotlight. In fact. her voice is
the weakest spot irt this otherwise strong
album.

"Nightline". leading off the second side.
is an example of what this record could

 

 

4.1;: .4 {4" ..  v

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

tastlc. This piece did feature a fine perfor-1
mance by Diane Germaine in the first
movement called “Her Palms Are Flowers
For Anita". Germaine showed technical
skill and a genuine enjoyment In the move-
ment she was perfortnlng. The two
dancers. Evangeline Quiroz and Anne
Marie Zanchetti. still suffered from a lack of
timing that they had exhibited In the first
piece. however. Quiroz seemed technically
more itt command of both roles. '
in the third piece Metallics.
choreographed In 1963. my fading opinion
of this company was completely turned
around. Here was the genius I had read
about. The movement. reminiscent of the
contraction/release movements of Martha
Graham at her best were there but dif-
ferent. more dramatic—taken to some
ultimate plain of movement. The set con-
ception was brilliant with a set of metallic

have been. It opens with a gospel-
influenced chorus. with Foley sounding
something like Rickie Lee Jones. it then
procedes to race ahead Into a catchy.
snappy little tune. What makes it stand out
is the fact that Foley doesn't drown out all
the instruments with a iOO—decibel virtuoso
performance.

The same can't be said for “Run For My
Life". it's got shades of Toto’s “Hold The

 

bars hanging from a swing like apparatus
which formed a refuge and a tool for
dancer Lynn Barr. whose dratna and skill
were showcased here (unlike the premier
piece of which she was also the anchor).
Set to the music of Henry Cowell's
Ostinato Piarrisstrrto (1934) and Henk
Badlngs' Evolutions (2nd movement). this
piece had an eerie urgency. The perfor-
mance of Megan Axeman. whose obvious
classical training showed in all her
movements was superb. She took every
movement to Its fullest extension. unfor-
tunately pointing out a weakness In her
partner John Passaflume's ability
(Passafiume Is a 1978 graduate of
Guilderland High).

The final piece of the evening was the
1976 Abandoned Prayer danced by
Sanasardo and Pascal Rlouit. This Is a
dance between Jesus of Nazareth and

 

Line" running through it. notably during
the Chorus. (Speaking of Toto. just who in
the hell ls running things over at Grant-
myland?) In addition to the pesty music.
there's a very irritating set of backing vocals
on this song.

Foley has always utilized the skills of
other writers and composers on her solo
works. This is true. to a lesser degree. on
Another Breath. She does a remake of

lJudas iscariot set to the dramatically
religious organ music of Thomas Albinoni's
Adagio. if the point was tosend the au-
dience home with a lasting Impression of
this companies potential this was the piece
to do it. '

Rlouit. a relatively recent addition to the

.comparry. comes from France where he

was a physical education teacher. He has
art extremer developed body for a dancer
and yet there Is no lack of grace. flexibility

'or drama itt his work. I think giving a

dancer a specific characterization can help
tremendously. Rioult. also forgettable in
the first |7ll'('L‘. truly shown here as Jesus.

Sattttsartlo. in his most demanding role
of the evening as Judas. follows Rioult
around the stage with a street lamp serving
as halo. as If it were up to Judas to (I-
luminate this figure. to draw attention to It.
Then there is a recognition of Jesus's
greatness and a beautifully rnovlng pas de
deux between the men. Here again was the
genious Sanasardo at work. The move-
ment was unique in that often I felt l was
looking at a DeVIncI drawing of anatomy.
as many movements or positions were held
by Rioult that fraction of a second that can
make so much difference.

Sanasardo Is known for his
choreography and his dramatic perSOna as
a dancer. Both these elements were pre-
sent in the last two pieces. 1 cannot help
feel. that Prentonltlons Is not a step forward
choreographer or company. it Is good to
break ground. to expand. but only If that
represents true growth. Overall, this Is a
company of litre. talented dancers. If they
return to our area be sure to see them.

The ECG and The Empire State Institute
for the Periormlrtg Arts (ESIPA) Is
establishing their reputation as a source of
really outstanding entertainment In the
Capital District. This presentation of the
Sanasardo Dance Company Is just one
more example of this. ESIPA's resident
company will present the Brecht/Weill
Three Penny Opera March 24-Aprll l4
and will continue their dance contributions
with Jacob's Pillow On Tour on April ist.

 

Check Spectrum on Fridays for full details
of events attire Egg and enjoy! [1

“Johnny and Mary". originally done by
Robert Palmer. It's a much fresher. unclut-
tered version. with none of the blubbery
singing that characterized the original.
Foley. as usual overdoes it a bit while the
band struggles on. The band. a pretty
strong group actually. stages a mutiny of
sorts on several songs. when they attempt
to wrest control from Foley. This is striking-
ly evident on “Read My Lips". It's an
upbeat little ditty that features an enjoyable
guitar solo by Phil Grande. Although the
band may win this battle. unfortunately
they lose the war.

In sprte of Foley's seemingly maniacal
need to overshadow the band. at times she
can actually charm the hell out of you. This
Is what happens on the title track, "Another
Breath". it‘s not as musically raw as the rest
of the album (a welcome change). It's
mellow. bluesy. and thoroughly delightful.
She manages to sound like a mix of
Chrissie l-lynde and Linda Ronstadt.
without ever becoming obsessed with the
impersonations.

Unlike The Spirit of St. Louis. Another
Breath is not an imaginative work. Perhaps
fraying The Clash around helped Foley to
loosen up and experiment. It's surprising
that the producer. Vini Poncia wasn't more
creative here considering he has produced
the likes of Kiss. Ringo. Melissa Manchester
«Hid Scandal. In fact the production is flat.
Tony Bridges could have been in a coma
and still done his job on this record.

Ellen Foley deserves to be taken serious-

 

ly. Anyone can look at her past alliances
and see that. That's why Anotlter Breath ls
so disappointing. It just doesn't live up to
expectation. Perhaps Foley's calling Is to
share the singing duties with huge stars on
wildly successful records. That doesn't
seem to be such a horrible fate. does It? D

aspects on tuesctay‘t;
Shadowsof Modern Dance 

h-o

QWWN

 

 

 

    

