",W w._..v.a.v,_...w._uv.._ ..,. 

 

8 sparts October ALBANY STUDENT PRESS E] OCTOBER 4.1983

A runner’s guide toAlbany 7

By TOM KACANDES a
Associate Sports Editor

Why do people run around Perimeter
Road? New students who come to Albany
and like to bike or run usually start with
Perimeter Road because It’s there and it’s
convenient. The problem is that If you exer-
cise more than four times a week- as you
should It you want to get anything out of it-
then Perimeter Road gets pretty damn bor-
Ing. i imagine that some people like the feel-
ing of accomplishment that comes with run-
ning three miles, but- BAD NEWS- one
perimeter ls only 2.36 miles around unless
you toss in the circle, and even then...

If you’ve got any ambition to ,see
something new while you're out on the
roads there are a number of great places to
check out and lots of nice routes seemingly
far away from the concrete, yet they're all
within easy reach for a mildly accomplished
runner, or anyone with a bike. The two.
routes listed here I chose as representatives
of those I run on a regular basis, and each
can be varied to taste. Now that Fall is of-
ﬁcially here, right now is the best time to get
out and see the Albany area.

If you can run a perimeter every day, you’ll
have no trouble completing a
"Schoolhouse" run, which is about five
miles total. First, head across campus toward
Sutter's on Western Avenue, making a left at
the campus entrance. Continue on
dowtown on Western until you see a
Stewart’s Bread 8. Butter shop on the Sutter’s
side. Right next to It Is Russel Road - a SUNY
bus stop - so cross at the light and go for It.
Russel Road is a residential street for about a
mile, but as you go along, the houses
become spaced farther and farther apart, and
by the time you hit the two mlle mark there
are just fields.

Congratulationsl You've escaped from the
city and you’re now in Cuilderland County,
but don't stop there. At the end of Russel
Road you'll have to turn onto Krumkill Road
which runs perpendicular to Russel. Go
right and stay way over on the side of the
road - always facing traffic - because there
aren’t any sidewalks‘there. This is real Rural
America.

Continue along for about a quarter mile or
so and take the very first right. This is
Schoolhouse Road and following it you are
now heading back toward campus. just
follow along and enjoy the scenery. Listen to
the quiet. Note the conspicuous lack of con-
crete. Avoid cars. '

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

point of the Rocky Run.

. new:

r a... u r:

At its end, Schoolhouse Road comes out
onto Western Avenue just above Denny's
and opposite Stuyvesant Plaza. Run down
along the Denny's side of Western and cross
at the Fuller Road light. You are now close
enough to smell SUNYA -or at least UAS- so
you can run down Fuller Road and turn right
onto Campus whenever you please.

A longer route that is a favorite of the
women's cross-country team is the Rocky
Run. About nine miles total, the Rocky run Is
not recommended to the beginning runner.
If you're In decent shape and you're looking
for something new, then go for it. ~

Head out to Washington Ave. past the
Hellman Theater, with the State Office Cam-
pus on your right. (Notice how huge the
State Office Campus is. What do they do
there?) In any case, that's a good place to run
and bike around- lots of great access roads.
After crossing the bridge you’ll pass Brevator
Road, which is the boarder with residential
Albany. Continue down Washington and
take In the different neighborhoods as they
pass. By the time you hit the Beverwyck
playing ﬁelds next to Alumni Quad, you've
gone 2.8 miles. This marks the beginning of
the student slums, where you see O‘Heany’s
Tavern on your right. Past Quail Street is the
Long Branch and other sundry watering
holes. Two more blocks and SUNYA’s
Downtown Campus including Draper Hall
and Hawley Library appear to your right.

Fhe Capitol Building staircase is a

high

  

 

Wave to the library science students. This is
where the Alumni buses turn around. If you
don’t feel too good, you might want to
follow one back to campus. If you feel terri-
ble and you’ve brought along your ID. then
you can hang It up right there.

One block down from Draper yotfll see
where Western splits off from Washington
Ave. Three blocks after that and you can see
where Washington splits off from Central
Ave. This is an Albany phenomenon: none
of the avenues dividing Albany are parallel,
rather, they all spread out like fingers from a
distorted hand. Be sure to stay to the right
hand side of the road because here, where
Washington and Central come together,
stands Bum Park. It’s just a little triangular
spot of green with a few benches, some sick-
Iy trees, and a Spanish-American War monu-
ment, but there are always a couple of ag-
gressive bums hanging out who’ll yell at you,
"Hey, sirl Ya got a smoke?" I usually pick it
up until I get to Lark Street, two blocks
down.-

Lark Street is often compared to Ureen-
wich Village, but if that’s what you're expec-
ting to see, you'll be disappointed. if you
think Albany is a totally boring place, then
you'll be surprised. In any case, by the time
you pass Lark Street you are in downtown
Albany, capital of our fair state, and there's
alot to see. On a Rocky run, you're basically
just heading down Washington and up

Western, but once you've done that, you
can vary It and cut back and forth on any of
the cross streets in between. A jaunt down
Lark is very much worthwhile.

Continue down what is now Central
Avenue until you see your goal: the Capitol.
On the left will be the neo-classical and
overstated State Education Building, which
has a neat museum in the basement. The
Capitol houses the State Legislature and was
recently renovated for something less than
two million dollars. it is definitely the coolest
building in Albany. Below the Capitol at the
end of Central Avenue is Albany’s City Hall,
which was built in a Dutch-Influenced style.
Run around to the front of the Capitol and
look up: there are the stairs.

When Theodore Roosevelt was govenor,
he often called press conferences at the bot-
tom of the staircase and then run up to the
top without warning. Those reporters who
reached the top first were allowed to ask
questions, and the slower ones had to pant
and listen. By the time I hit the Capitol I’m
usually feeling it a little, so I sprint up the 77
steps and dance around with my fists in the
air. You can shadowbox and sing out the
Rocky theme as loud as you want because
there’s never anyone there. Below you lies
the clty of Albany and the mighty Hudson
river - It’s a great view, and the fun of running
up to the top is worth It. _

Continue around the other side of the
Capitol and head up State Street. This Is the
only uphill part of the Rocky run. The Empire
State Plaza- built by Nelson Rockefeller- ap-
pears on the left. State Street Is
host to many of the oldest and prettiest
houses in Albany, and the corner of Lark and
State Is definitely the center of the city.

Past Lark, State Street borders
Washington Park, which is a great place to
hang out on nice days, and a bad choice
after dark. At the park's corner State and
Western meet and you’re back on the bus
route. Famous sights abound: the Lampost
and Pop's Pizza, WT’s, Alumni Quad, and
the College of Saint Rose. Then there's more
quiet neighborhoods, Marine Midland, Shop
Rite, Sutter’s, and home.

NOTE: It’s not a good idea to do either of
these routes at night, and, of course, it's
always better to run with someone just in
case you run into trouble and you need a
hand. If you have to run alone, or at night,
then you should stick to Perimeter Road, but
if you can get organized enough to get out
during the day, then you should give the
streets of Albany a chance. I'll see you out
there.

ASP interview with Olympic Medalist Pam Kruse

< 3
just.
ASP: Have you found that your athletic train-
ing has helped you in other areas of your life?
For instance, do you feel you have more
mental discipline than other law students?
KRUSE: Yes and no. i think I can be more
disciplined at times to do things I don‘t want
to do. Mentally, I don't know if I have as
good a mental focus as other people. I think
that is one of the things I need to work on. I
ﬁnd myself drifting off and maybe because in
swimming laps your mind drifts off. I don't
know as far as a mental focus but as far as
_ realizing what you have to do to reach a goal
that you want to reach, it certainly has
helped me there.
ASP: For several years after you stopped
swimming you remained active in athletics in
the administrative end. In the past several
years you have turned away from sports.
Whyl’
KRUSE: in high school my life was swimm-
ing. As far as a career goes, I never really
thought about a career. I guess Iwas brought
up rather traditionaly. l was going to go to
college, but then it was get married and that
kind of thing. But then even when I went to
college, I didn’t know what I wanted to do
and everyone said what are you going to do,
what are you going to major in? And i said, I
don't know. Everyone said I'd be good in
Physical Education, so I began to believe It '
and t majored'ln it. Then l'realized I wanted

to do other things and part of it was that I
wanted to do something on my own and not
have it tie into sports. I have drifted away
from physical education into intramural ad-
ministration and then I made the big switch
into labor relations. You are right that they
were conscious decisions. I realized I
wanted to do something other than sports
and I found as I moved in that direction that I
liked it better. I think I can sce myself pro<
bably moving back and doing more for
sports. But it is kind of proving yourself in
other areas.

ASP: Some retired athletes, especially those
who were at the top of their sport, have trou-
ble watching that sport. is that the case with
youi

KRUSE: I don’t think swimming is a real
spectator sport. If it's somebody you read a
lot about or if it‘s some record breaking per-
formance, you can certainly feel a lot for
that. I don't know, but I remember watching
portions of the Olympics and I enjoyed gym-
nastics much more than swimming. I can
certainly feel for it but it is not one of those
things I go to. There are a lot of things I'd do
before I‘d watch a swimming meet.

ASP: Where is your medal now?

KRUSE: My folks have It and it was sitting on
top of the TV last time I was home. It is just
one of those things. I think that medal is
more meaningful to them, the actual medal
itself. I would feel sort of funny having that
medal hanging around.

rr-<«~-:.-.~........r...—r vvdti'-J.;1,/.‘.'na'\r.wr+~ —.

ASP: Would you recommend what you went
through to other people?

KRUSE: I would be hesitant to recommend
to people what they should and shouldn‘t
do. I would certainly be very supportive if
they were interested in it. I would tell them
what I thought were the pluses and the
minuscs anti what I got out of it. i think it is a
real personal decision that the individual
should make themselves. Clearly, the more
information they have the better the decision
is made but again | feel that happens too
much anti this is carrying this to an extreme,
but that you get pressured into doing
something you don't want to do anti it
becomes too rnucb of a chore. I would never
push anyone in any direction, but I would
tell thorn what I got out of it, which is
positive, and then let them make their own
decision.

ASP: What were your feelings about the
Olympic boycott in 1980?

KRUSE: i was really, really disappointed with
it. I guess It’s because, and I don't have the

- stats on it, there are not that many people

who repeat Olympics. There is a whole lot of
sacrifice that goes into it and for people to
put out that kind of time and that kind of
energy and then not be able to do it for some
political point. . . I'd rather see the political
points made In the political arena and not
moved Into the supposedly amateur athletic
field. I feel it was terribiyunfalr for those peo-

 

.-.b... at t w...

 

pie. I feel very sorry for those athletes. Most
of them will not have a second chance.

ASP: Was itvawkward to be retired at age l7?
KRUSE: At the time it isn’t because at the
time you are really old. You kind of foul
deserving of retiring. Reflecting back on it, it
does seem kind of amazing that at 17 or it)
you retired from something. i think it is just
the perspective you look at. It is‘too bad il‘
some senses that you have to do that.
Because I’m sure there are some people who
could turn in sortie very goodperformant‘osil
that wasn’t the case. Again, I think it is just a
balancing out of different things you want to
do. i think that swimming is crazy enough
that you havt: to be young to do it. Then you
become a little more sane anti you realize,
“Hey, I might want to do something else."

ASP: It seems as if winning the silver modal

“was more of a relief than a celebration.

Kruse: It’s interesting that you get that feel
ing, it's partially right. There was that excite
ment but it was also a relief. The relief came
from the fact of the parents, coach, country
triangle. At the time it was more important.
for me to win for them. In later years it has
become more meaningful to me. It Is also
much more meaningful to have just one
medal. it is not that easy to get one. You start
to take winning for granted. You do it so you
figure it Is no big deal, but it is. If I could do it
over again, I would do It the same way.

 

   
   
  
   
    
  
   
   
    
   
  
  
  
  

 

 

 

LE TTERS -

New club formed

To the Editorz‘
By an overwhelming l9<l vote the Central Council, on
9-28, passed an 5842 budget for the newly formed and
highly potential Social Science Association.
The SSA was designed with the academic Intention of
generally encouraging interaction and dialogue between
tudcnts and faculty, as well as administration. The SSA
feels its potential lies in the diversity of the social science
rograms offered on campus. Fighting its primary comba-
tant student apathy, the assoeiatlon hopes to provide a
tructural network. including liaslon committles within the
v cspcctlve departments of Political Science, Public Affairs,
ocial Welfare, Criminal .lUsticc, Sociology, Psychology,
. istory, Marketing, Afro-American Studies and Latin
merlcan Studies.
A general interest meeting will be held on October Sth at
.: pm. In B.A.130. The executive members, Vic Moudgii,
att Clune, Jim Youlio and Lori Lombardi, invite all in-
crcstcd students who wish to promote a dynamic educa-
Ionnl environment campus-wide, and those who are in-
crcstcd in enhancing their Individual development.
-—.lttmes C.Youllo
Merrrbcr,SociuI Science Association

Sour milk

To the Editor:

| um writing in reference to the quality of tile rltilk being
served on Colonial Quad this year. I call count the times on
the fingers of my nose that the milk has been good. Now
' since my nose doesn't have fingers you can imagine what I
mean.

thn | risked tllc lady lll charge of the cafeteria about it
shc sccrncd shocked. She went over, took one whiff of tltc
milk tutti told me to try the other side.

i dolt‘t know about you lull I like my two glasses of milk
a titty ttrld its hard for tile to get by on two glasses itl two
weeks. It kind of reminds me of the scene III the Lin/c
” Rascals when all the kids are passing around the message
riot to drink the milk bccausc it's spoiled, until it gets to the
headmaster.

Maybe I shouldn't be too harsh. Maybe there's rt reason
for all oftltis, like the cow got sick or tile truck brok: doth
in New Jersey. I do think that since I‘m paying all of this
money to go to school here that I should be entitled to nort-
sour milk.

-— Stuart Hack

Clear up the facts

To the Editor:

Dear Comrade Betz,

-.» It is frightening to realize that there are people in the
1 world who think like you do. We agree with you. The

United States should be condemned for thc blatantly

hostile act, i.c. sending a "death machine" like a KAL 747

to knock down a peaceful Soviet heat seeking air-to-air

missile.

_ 'You forgot to include a few facts In your letter. Tllcy in-

‘ clude: l.Why the Soviet Union consistently denied any

 complicity in the incident (but wouldn't you if you had kill-

 ed 269 people?), 2.The plane uscd INS (Inertial Naviga-

 tional System),which pilots depend on heavily for correct

‘"  

st

 
  

 

sir-1...; .

 
  

jinnvigational information. This system needs 3 people to

“ properly program the coordinates. On the day in question
H. only one person put in the coordinates. The checkpoint
"fcoordinates were 42°23'3"N by l47°28'8"E,which may
:5“ have been mistakenly plugged in as 47”28‘8"N by
 l42"23‘3"E. Such a change puts the planc oil a course over
' gtllc Sakhalin Islands, which is where it was shot
titlmvn, 3.Tltc Soviet pilot could have mistaken thc 747 for a
,. uuch smallcr RC I35, but that is similar to ctuuparint'. a

 

  

watermelon with an orange. 4.Spy planes fly at an altitude

of greater that 60,000 feet. The 747 was shot down at

33,000 feet: well below any reasonable height for a “spy

mission." It Is quite obvious that you have paranoid fan-

'tsasies about the military/industrial complex of the United
tatcs. '

We should not, however, forgive the Imperialistic, evil,
war-mongering U.S. for this audacious act, for they at: like
the Soviet regime, which, in 24,04! days of existence has
murdered at least 20 million of its own citizens, an average
of more than 800 a day for 60 years. Unless the Red Armv
massacred another Afgnnislan village that day. the Soviets
had a below average day.

In summation, it is our opinion that thoughts like yours
mnke acts like KAL flight 007 possible.

—Robert Sorgo
David Snider

Parking problems.

To the Editor:

I am writing this letter in reference to the parking pro-
blcm on campus, speciﬁcally on Colonial Quad. As Col-
onial Quad residents know only too well. procuring a space
in the lot after 8 am dtrring the week is next to impossible.
The options tltcn open to thc driver'are twofold. One can
park in the usually ltalf cmply Colonial pay lot until the
rcgulnr lot clears out. btlt in doing so you risk it ticket. The
other option is to park at Dutch or Sttttc quttd. where there
tlrc spaces available ill the rear, but this ensues a Is rnirltltc
walk brick to tire dorm. 'l‘ltttt wouldn't be a totally
disugrccublc option, except for the fact that after the corn-
mutcrs leave for the day, your car is alone. surrounded only
by acrcs of asphalt. For those of us who are security cort-
scitllls, that is not incredibly dcsirtlblc.

All of this lends the to ihc proposed solution, which an-
tltils reserving rtn ttppropriutc amount of (‘oloninl lot
specifically for tile use of (‘olouiul Quad residents. This
could be accomplished with a small amount of paint, it i‘cw
signs, atttl at special sticker or tag for qtttttl rcsidctlts. In this
way the lttliilll outlay and administrative costs involved
could be kcpt to at minimum.

It could be argued that this plan would take away spaces
from commuters, but such is not the case. This plan simply
calls for a redistribution of" where people park, and,
overall, would increase the totttl utility of tire existing park-
ing facilities.

It should bi:- noted that tllc Quad lot was repainted this
summer, and it seems II few cxtra spaces were painted in.
But, at the same time, a few seemingly prime spaces were
not slripcd. Tile reason for that is presumably to enhance
the fundraising efforts of the university by enabling it to
write tickets to unsuspecting cars for parking in a “Ito park-
ittg area." This was the cast: with my roommate. Upon
completion of a detailed investigation by the author. it
became evident that certain unmarked spaces do get
ticketed. while others do not. What is the logic_bchind this?

I expect to look out my window in the near future and sec
Rich Scltaffer holding a press conference in the quad lot on
this most important issue. Coverage on TV—IO Action News
with Dick Wood, (the Ted Baxter of Albany), and Marci
Elliot would be a nice touch.

— Dan Ryan

Bus policy fair

To the Editor:

I would like to address the concerns of several off cant-
pus students in regard to Student Association and the fun-
ding of the late night buses which rtllt at 12:30. I:30 and
2:30 on Friday and Saturday cvcnittgs. This letter is in
response to the one which appeared ill but l-‘ridays paper
titled “Grossly Unfair."

Tltcsc buses run from the uptown campus to the

 

  
 
 

Cﬁlspectts

Esflbllshld In lsid
Mark Gutter. [tr/tor lIi (thrul
Lila Strain. Managing Editor

New-Editor. .... ... ..
Associate News Editors . r »-
ASPecIIEdllnr......., . . .. ..
Allocllte ASPectI Editor .. . . .
Villon Editor . . . . . . . . . . .
SperIIEditor   ..
Allecllte Sport: Editorl
EditorleIPepn Editor . . . . "‘WW‘ “mm”
Photography Editor ... . . . . . . .. .. .... .. . L'tl Mtlruusich
. Editorl: Donn Blitz. Dubbto Juttun. Waynu l‘uurulmom. Editorial
Aulltnnt: Maddl Kurt. Stall wrlleu: Gina Abuntl. Suzanna Atrulu. Amny
. Adams. Marc Barman, Ben Gordon. Mtkn (lruunlltrltt, Kutth Murtttrr. l‘lohurt
Mnrltnlnno, David Mlcllaaluon. Mutt Nichols, Dob O'tlrtun. Jim O'Suilivan. Liz
notch. Ellen Banteularo, Alan Sotnkln. Miku Tuutrltib, Mulin tilt-u, Murtt
Wllilﬂlti, Adam Wilk. Spectrum and Event: Editors: ilonl Ginsburg, Kurt Durn-
bullnt

.. Sltlvo Fm, Altlltttlty Slllml
. ...Htllti| Giulia, UanttrdhtIur
. . ... ... t‘tall Murrull
. .Iitlvtll L Lttsklll
r LisanrtoSokotowakl
. ..... .... Marc Schwurr
. Mllrk Luvlllu, Tom Kttcurttloa

 

 

 

 

 

Hedy modal. liuslrrau Manager
Judy Tor-l. Auoclula Business Manila-r
Jen- Nlrlch. Adverllslnu Manager
Mike Krelrner. Sales Manager

 

Billing Account-ML. ... . . ... lluuClltymnn, l‘tatltIt-u Buhllr

Payrolisuporvilor . . . . . Guy Porous
Office Coordinator ..... Susan Mottltowltt
.ltVlll‘lll" Bloch

Classified Manager. ‘
Colnpoalllolt Man-our. .. Mlt‘ktly Hunk
Advertising Sales: Math Susaman, tlott (‘urnaln Rich killltllll, Lilovu totbur-
tnan, Danitrtln Karluttl. Advnrllllrtu Production Manager: .Iuln- Mark. Advartlr
lug Production: Amy Altumoltn, Jackm houatu. Lou Elltihutul, tilalnn l‘rmtlur.
Ilsa Kori, [Illa Maltllotilu, l’lllt)" M ‘ , Ellyn Mttlti, Sharon Ukurt, Ctlllllu
iiyan, Lyltnu Sinuul, iihorttla Wolf. Sltwoll Ztriotlt
PIIIICII Mitchell. l’rodlrclron Manager
Holly Prortl. Associate Production Manager

 

.llti

 

ChlalTypuottur. .. .... . . . Catlutr Ityan
Partoarp: Donna Aouiur. Sun l‘.tt'hrn:.ky Typllll: Jrrn (JtIDtrqutl, tnncuy
iiuylnlrn, VlluIniu Hubur, Follcu Kltltis, Sun Mtilluan, Httllv Raw

Photography principally supplant Iry UtttvrIIMtly i‘ltotu Survicu, a sltldunt
group ‘
Chlot Photographer: Susan Elaluu Mlnttioh, UPS Stall: Amy Cohan, btltury
Cohun. iilttztlui thwln. Eti Mnlutlstuh, Lola hitttlitboul, Ltuu Slintuonu. Etlcu
Splilnol. Wurrtm Stout. Jlin Vtriuntlna, Frank Wtrpullni

Entire contents copyright H in: Albany Student Pluu Corporation, all
rlghtu ruerv-d. ‘

Tlltl Albany Student Pruas ltl ptlllllultml Tuuatlayzt untt l-rlduyu butwoun
Alluutrl and June by the Albany Student Press Corporation. IIII lndununttunt
not‘lor-proltt corporation.

Ettitorlniu lull wrlllun by the Etlttur In Chlut wllll llltlillhltltt of the Editorial
Board; policy In subject to review by tlltt Ettllotlul tloutrt. Columns urtr writtun
by ntumberu of the unlvoralty community and do not nucuauurlly ruprtulunl
utttturtlli policy. Advertising policy tiotru not nucuttaurtly reflect editorial
policy.

Malling atltiruuu:
Albany Sludunt Fruits, CC 320
H00 Wllhlnuton Avu.
Albany, NY I222?

(bill) 457~0IJ02131|22I3369

 

 

,....  may... .......- ... ..

 

ldowntown campus along Washington and Wtcm Ave.
The service is free to all students and supplements the
University’s bus system which does not run after 12:00 on
weekends.

Although. it is largely used by on-campus students who
wish to go to the bars to drink and responsibly chose not to

drive. It has many other purposes. Many off-campus
students utilize this service to travel uptown for weekend
parties. movies in the Lecture Centers. to attend
concerts, other events, or to just hang out with a friend In
the dorms.

Without this service, many students will be unable to
travel off campus for nI httlmc activities. SA provides an
alternative to students w 0 wish to attend downtown par-
ties and other events. Most on-campus students do not have
cars with which they can get downtown. We also realize

‘ that these late night buses will deter students from driving
while Intoxicated. SA Is dedicated to help In the fight
agginst drunk drivers.

The point here Is not which students usc these buses but
that it is available to everyone. The service is provided by
rcvcnuc collected from the manditory studcnt tax. What
the final breakdown comes down to Is that through their
tax dollar each student pays approximately I2 cents a
semester. I believe it Is a truly worthwhile service.

The original authors fccl SA should also subsidize the
university buses. th ltow can we pay for rt service that must
bc provided by the university as part of our tuition? Should
we also subsidize the salaries of our professors?

Student Association has bccn spending tltc better part of
4 months fighting attempts by university officials to imple-
ment a bus fee. This vital service is a necessary aspcct of
crlmpus life and as such should be covered by tuition, not a
supplcmcnlary fee. We are against any fccs for such scr-
viccs llllll should be COVCI‘L‘tl by our tuition. Will tllc univcr-
‘5in consider fees such as rt librtlry fee or it bathroom fee to
.tllow us to use these facilities too. Now is the lllllL' for all
students to speak out against any fees which the unvcrsity
considers Implementing.

—chfcr:y' Schneider
SA Vice President

Get involved

To the Editor:

As students of this univcrsity we should all feel privileged
to study in an atmosphere tirade up of so many different
types of people with different backgrounds. The great
diversity on this campus is clearly shown through the
various student groups. Those who claim to be our so called
campus lenders tell us this diversity is the key to an cduca~
lion. They "enlighten" us with speeches exclaimlng the
need for all groups to become involved and have a voice on
campus. These leaders explain the importance of the rela-
tionsllip between the various groups and the need for good
relations between the groups and the administration.

It is these same lenders who on the one hand urge all
students to express themselves yet on the other hand were
too insensitive and out of touch with the student groups,

. whcn‘thcy made the decision to hold the Programs Fair on
September twenty-third the second day of Sukkot. This
shows a lack of thought as to the rights of Jews attending
this university.

Jewish students should realize that this is not an isolated
incident and that we must stand up for our rights on cam-
pus. We have a responsibility not only to ourselves but to
the Jewish people as a whole. Jewish students ruust make it
a point to learn Whlli it means to be a Jew. This can only ht-
done by rejecting the apathy that seems to cmbracc
students today and getting involved.

— (lady llululusohn
President, Revit'iorlisl Zionixt .‘lflt'l'flfllfl't'

Bookstore blues

l‘u lllt‘ l-Itlltnr:

last spring. well before the tlt‘il(lllllt.‘ for ordering lcx-
tbooks. I ordered my lL'Vl for Pill | HI’. ()nc section was to
be in l.L‘—3. which holds 2th \li‘tlk‘lllh; the other ill llU-l lb.
which holds 40. Accordingly. I ordered 248 copies of the

I do not know how many cupics the bookstore ordered; I
do know that a substantial number of my students (perhaps
50-75) are without books. This is the only book for IllL‘
course. illltl a paper is due on Oct. l4. Nearly tt quarter
of my students are [hits at a severe disadvantage. I think
this is unfair to them illltl to me.

I lItl\’L' heard that the bookstore has a policy of ordering
t'cwcr books than the professor requests. If there is such a
policy. it is objectionable on two grounds: (I) it shows a
lack of respect for the professor; wlty bother to ask us if
you ignore what we sny?; anti (2) it is cmlmcr-protluctive. It
could lead professors ordering 400 books when they need
200. I think this kind of game-playing is demeaning to both
parties. The relationship bctwccn professors turd the
bookstore should not be tut adversarial one. Then: must be
some way for us to work together. Perhaps if an order is
completely at odds with past needs, the professor or depart-
ment secretary might be contacted to check if the order
needs correcting. The present cavalier treatment ofstudcnts
and professors is simply outrageous.

‘ ~Bonnie Steinbeck
Assistant Professor of Philosophy

 

~~~~ «a w « ~x\*ﬁv~ldhua*W-wmkwuste .-_..r.....t..,z.....- «an...»    . v. 

 

