2 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS El NOVEMBER [5.1983

WORLDWIDE

Trudeau urges llmlts

Montreat
(AP) Concerned with the pace of “conﬂict
and confrontation." Prime Minister Pierre
Trudeau has called for a ﬁve-power con-
ference of nuclear states within the next year
to negotiate global limits on nuclear
weapons. ' -.

The proposal is one of several Trudeau
made to European heads of state during his
six-nation peace mission last week and which
he made public at a Liberal party fundralslng
luncheon Sunday. '

“The choice we face is clear and present."
Trudeau told party falthfuls at the
SlSO-a-plate affair. "We can without effort
abandon our fate to the mindless drift
toward nuclear war. Or we can gather our
strength  to turn aside the forces bearing
down on us." .

Chinese pilot defects

' Taipei. Taiwan
(AP) A Chinese navy pilot defected to
Taiwan Monday in his MiG-I‘ljet ﬁghter and
stood to gain a $1.5 million bounty for bring-
ing the first such aircraft to the Nationalist
Chinese government. the Defense Ministry
said.

Ministry spokesman Wang Mlao identiﬁed
the pilot as Wang Xuecheng. 28. a Chinese
Air Force Academy classmate of Wu Yung-
gen. 25. who flew his newer MiG-l9 to Seoul.
South Korea. in October I982. Wu eventual-
ly was given political asylum here and the
government gave him the equivalent of $3.85
million in gold.

The Taiwan government has a sliding scale
of rewards for Chinese military defectors.
based on the weapons. planes and ships
brought out. A Soviet-designed MIG-l7 pro-
vides for a reward to 4.000 the! of gold. equal
to about $l.5 million.

Ofﬁcials said Wang's MiG-l7 was the first
such aircraft to be flown to Taiwan by a
Chinese defector. They said he had transfer-
red to the navy after graduating from the air
force academy.

Cruise missiles arrive

London
(AP) The first U.S. nuclear cruise missiles to
be deployed in Western Europe arrived in
Britain Monday. Defense Secretary Michael
I-lcscltlne told Parliament.

Hcscltine. shouting to make himself lteard
over howls of protest from opposition
legislators. made the long-awaited announce-
ment in the House of Commons five hours
after anti-nuclear demonstrators watched a
U.S. C-l4l Starlifter touch down at U.S.
Greenham ( otnmon Air Force Base.

The North Atlantic Treaty Organization
plans to deploy 572 Cruise and Pershing II
nuclear-tipped missiles in Western Europe
starting next month to counter hundreds of

Soviet SS-20 nuclear missiles already in place.

Heseitine did not say how many missiles
had arrived — but observers at Oreenham. 50
miles west of London. said they saw two
crates unloaded from the transport plane
which landed just before 9:00 am. — 4 am.
EST.

Cease-fire broken

Beirut
(AP) Syrian-backed militiamen shelled
Belrut's Christian sector Monday for the ﬁrst
time since a cease-ﬁre took effect seven
weeks ago. and U.S. Jets resumed recon-
naissance ﬂights after Syria was warned not
to ﬁre at them.

Formations of F-l4 Tomcat interceptors
scrambled off the aircraft carrier USS
Dwight D. Eisenhower to stage repeated runs
over Beirut and the stirroundlng mountains
before midnight and at dawn. according to
Lebanese police.

The ﬂights followed a stern warning by the
Reagan administration to Syria against firing
at U.S. planes. Syrian batteries fired at U.S.
planes last week. but police said today's
ﬂights drew no fire.

NATOWID

 

 

Reagan returns home

Anchorage. Alaska
(AP) President Reagan headed home from
his Asian tour Monday; leaving behind a
-renewed commitment to South Korea's

 

security based in part on having stood
“eyeball-to-eyeball" with communist North

Korea.

“All the major goals were accomplished." '

White House spokesman Larry Speakes said
V aboard Air Force One today as Reagan
returned from the 15,650-mile. six and a half
day trip to Japan and South Korea. Reagan
continued on to Washington after a brief
refueling stop in Anchorage early today.
Reagan ended his South Korean vistt Sun-
day with a farewell call on President Chun
Doo-hwan. The two leaders then rode tn an
armored limousine past tens of thousands of
ﬂag-waving Koreans to a brass-band and red-
carpet send-off at Kimpo international Air-
ort.
p Reagan left with it reaffirmation of the
need to maintain South Korean security and
with a public reminder by Secretary of State
George Shultr. that the threat from North
Korea can temper progress in human rights.

Spending bill passed

Washington. D. C.
(AP) President Reagan Monday sigtied_an
cntcrgeircy spending bill. ending the technical
limbo irt which rnttclt of the government had
existed since Thursday.

The signing. in the Wltitc House. came less
than an hour after Reagan arrived back from
a six-day Asian trip.

Anticipating that Rcagn would sign the
tneasurc. affected federal agencies lrad open-
ed for business as usual today. Tltc House
and Senate had approved the measure Satur-
day. The agencies had technically been

' without money since midnight Thursday dttc
to congressional inactiotr in five of thirteen
regular annual appropriations bills.

  

Foat defense begins

Gretna, La.
(AP) The prosecution Monday concluded its
case against California feminist Ginny Four,
accused of killing an Argentine businessman
in 1965. without returning her former has-
band to the witness stand.

John Sidote. the main witness against
Foat. had been expected to return to the
witness stand to fortify his testimony after
tough cross-examination by defense lawn-rm
instead. prosecutors rested their case as soon
as the trial resumed Monday morning.

Defense lawyer Robert Glass ended a two-
day grilling of Sidote on Saturday. wlicit the
witness refused to look at Four and tell her
that site killed Moises Chayo lit a holdup llI
years ago.

Foot. 42. of Los Angeles. was president ol
the National Organization ,for Women's
chapter In California when she was tll'I‘L'\lctl
Jan. II for the Chayo killing. Site did not
seek re-clcction in July.

STATEWIDE

 

Brink’s jury screened

trot/it'll
(AP) Preliminary scrcetritrg of jttt'tits Iregttn
Monday in the trial of Kathy ilottdtn Itllti
Samuel Brown lit the $I.(t million iiiillk'\ .u-
mored car robbery itr which a guard and two
police officers Were killed.

Orange Cortiin Judge David Riot-t, \ilro
cleared the way for jury selection Inst \tt-r-l
when he rejected a last-initiate trrotiott to try
the defendants separately. began St'lt'L'iliiijl
the first group of prospective Dillik‘ilxly tlrn
morning.

Jury selection is expected to take [no tnott
tits. and the taking of testimony as long to ~i\
months.

Boudin. 40. a fortncr Weather
Underground fugitive. anti Iltotvn. (It. (I c
charged with murder atrd robber y in the (int.
20. I981. holdup irr Rockluntl ('otnrtr tlt.tt
authorities said was carried out in .t
"family" of terrorists. Iritrsl ot tltcnt l.ltllt‘.li\
from the l96()s.

Police slay woman

lt’tn ltt‘\lt‘l
(AP) The 2i-ycar-old daughter ot |.rnn-. \ic-
Culicr. a prominent locttl Irlnrk it'rllit‘i. an»
shot ntid killed by at Rochester litlilt'l' otﬁnrt
Sunday in front of irct hit-rid \‘ttt-tt .tjnlll
ntcnt.

Police Chief Delmar Leach \tllti '\iI\'|.t \lt'-
Cttilcr was shot twice by ‘i'ltornm l . \ilnt~
trtore shortly after noon on S'lttnlnt to pre-
vent her from stabbing her Iroytrn-nd. Rtrlrt'll
Ralph Jr.. 22. also of the city. iiit' Rot f't'\lt’f
Democrat tlll(/ Chronicle rcpot It'd.

McCullcr was taken to Rociicylt't t-cnctztl
Hospital. where she was pronounced Iit‘iili at
3:02 p.m.. said a spokesman for the Monroe
County Medical Examiner's office.

 

 

 

   

Graduate Students Interested In ap-
plying to the National Science
Foundation Graduate Fellowship
Program and the Minority Graduate
Fellowship Program are encourag-
ed to attend a workshop on appllca-
tlon preparation. The workshop wIII
be held on Nov. 17 at 2 p.m. In EA
108. For more information call
Cathy Ortega of the Office for
Research at 467-7558.

The University Counseling Center
will provide an Informal discussion
group focusing on reactlons to the
TV movie "The Day After." The
movie. to be aired on Sunday. Nov.
20 on ABC vledIy depicts the alter-
math of a nuclear holocaust. All are
Invited to BA 112 between 9 and 11
am. on Monday. Nov. 21. For more
Information call Gary Hobbs or
Judy Stanley at 457-3662

 

PEVIE F ' E

The Feminism of Lesbians of Color
will be the subject of a discussion
by Barbara Smith, an activist and
author. on Tuesday. Nov. 15 at 7:30
p.m. In LC 1.

Pax Chrlstl. an Internationa't
Catholic peace movement. will hold
a meeting of Its Albany chapter on
Tuesday, Nov. 15 at 7:30 p.m. In St.
Vincent‘s Church Basement on
Madison Avenue. For more Informa-

~ tlon call Fr. Bill Ryan or St. Danielle

Bonettl at 489-8573.

T.T.S. Kuo of the SUNY at Stony
Brook Physics Department will
speak on "Nuclear Matter and
Nucloon Nucleon Interaction" at a
colloquium at 3 p.m. on FrIday. Nov.

  
  

18 In the C. Luther Andrews
Seminar Room In PH 129.

The Second Annual 'All Saints Lec-
ture Series will take place on Fri-
day. Nov. 18‘ at 7:30 p.m. In St.
Joseph's Auditorium at the College
of Saint Rosa. Cosmologlst and
CSR Professor Kevin Gavin will
speak on “What We Know About
the Universe and Why It Matters to
People of the 805."

People and Food Is sponsoring a
concert with "Doc Scanton'a
Rhythm Boys" and "the Fabulous
Armadillos" at Page Hall on Friday
Nov. 18 at 8:15 p.m. The two swing
bands will play for the benefit of the
Regional Emergency Food Task
Force. Tickets are $2.60 and will be
sold Nov. 14-18 In the CC Lobby.

Anorexia and Bulimia. eating
disorders affecting women. will be
the subject of a presentation by
Psychotherapist GaILGeorge. The
‘event will take place on Wednes-
.day. Nov. 16 at 7 p.m. In LC 23.

 
  

Representative of the Honorable
Elijah Muhammad. will speak In the
Performing Arts Center on
November 17 at B p.m. Tickets are
$2 with a tax sticker and 33 without.
The program is sponsored by the
Albany State Unlverslty Black
Alliance.

Weatherization Workshops will be
sponsored by NYPIRG'a Energy Pro
ject Nov.18-18Irom 11 am. to 3 pm
In the area between LC 3 and LC 4.
The workshops are designed for
students Interested In lowering
their fuel and electric bills at little or
Eﬁscost.nFor more Information call
.a 0 man at the
at 457.4678. NYPIRG office

A Mathemattes Colloquium featur-
lng Professor Arshag Hajlan of Nor-
theastern University will be held Fil-
day. Nov. 18 at 4 p.m. In the Earth
Science Building Room .140. Hajlan
will speak on "Othts of measurable
transformations and full groups."

Minister Louis Farrakhan. National.

Tea will be served bflioft'. the pro
gram at 3:30 pm.
A Dance Marathon Will an spon

sored by Telethon ‘84 Friday and
Saturday November 18919 from 8

p.m. to 8 p.m. Sponsor streets are'

available at the SA ottlce, all quad
offices. W008. and tho Tololhoh
table In the CC Lobby. Proceeds will
go to the Capital Area Speech
Center and Wlldwood School.

A Research on Women Colloquium.
will take place on Wednesday. Nov
16 in the Humanities Lounge Irom
12:15 to 1:30 p.m. Tire ptotlfﬂmr
sponsored by the Women's Studies
Program. Is entitled "The Position
of Women Artists In llro American
Art Pottery Movement: 18th to the
Present" and will be prueenlml Dr
Patricia Barbanell.

A Blood Drive will be Stmtlﬁomd DY
JSC-Hlllel on Monday, Nov. 21‘
Donors must algn up In ttro CC Lob-
by irom Nov. 16-18 between to am.

 

and 3 p.m.

 

‘.__-—-I'

 

. . .... .«wma...» —MWMmm-y«,.._..

 

By Lisa Mirabella

“There is still a chance for peace in El
Salvador. Not because this particular Ad-
ministration wants it. but because some main
characters in the situation will realize they
tnust stop or they'll wake up and ﬁnd a
quarter ofa million of El Saivadorans dead."
Dr. Enrique Baloyra told a crowd of about
too gathered Wednesday to hear him speak

 

 

Dr. Eanque Baloyra

()tttlr'rrt'rlfmtr steps nectar-stir)! lo .vo/rfu Ilit’ El Salvadoran r'rist'x

 

.
-g..r\ u" z.- :zv LQIH‘KJ'LTILTQI'Lgtva'A4 a“ : . 

 

on “El Salvador aherossroads" as open ofa
three-day Central America Teach-in.

Baloyra opened his talk by outlining four
steps which would be necessary to solve the
El Salvadoran crisis. These are restoration of
order. constitutional revision. elections and
transfer of power. He stressed that in order
for the plan to work. the Left must be includ-
ed in the'declsion-making process.

As Director of the Latin American in-

LISA SIMMONS UPS

NOVEMBER [5,1983 I3 ALBANYSTUDENTPRESS 3

El Salvadoran speaker is featured at teach-in

stitute at the University of North Carolina
and advisor to the National Commission on
Central America (Kissinger Commission).
Baloyra stated clearly “i don't work for Kiss-
inger.” He said later that he expects "very lit-
tle" from the commission.

He suggested the analogy that U.S. in-
volvement only goes so far as to "set a table"
for an El Salvadoran coalition. with one rule
— that no one can eat with ltis hands. "They
can serve whatever they want. and The U.S.
would only have to enforce that one rule" to
control the area. Baloyra explained.
baloyrn's severity with the crowd dttring the
question period mirrored the seriousness with
which he addressed his topic, asking that the
audience refrain from applause even when
cheering his viewpoint. While . cxplainirtg
". . .somc power relations have to be chang-
cd and I don’t know what Reagan has in his
tread. . .i don't even know if he can name all
the countries iti that area," Baloyra scented
surprised to see the audience was arnttscd
about tlte situation.

"I realize Ilrc scenario is idealistic." he said
of his plan for a coalition to include botlr left
and rigid-wingers. According to Baloyra. to
begin with. the U.S. would lrnvc to hold brick
the right to assure that the left he allowed to
participate. “I realize what l’nr suggesting is
not around the corner." he added.

in response lit a qttcstion of the possibility
of tlic Unich Nations or some other power
stepping in instead of tire U.S., Iiuioyt'ti said.
“The US. has the itiCtI that everything that
happens iii the world is because of sorrtetlring
\vc'vc dortc or neglected to do." He trtldcd
that this is not the case irt i€l Salvador. btit
that the U.S. is going to be itrvolved anyway.

Many of the other to events of thc teach-in
focused on U.S. policy In (‘entrai America
and the U.S. invasion of Grenada. Also. dur-
ing the course of the programs parallels were
frequently drawn to the Vlctnant War and
'be contemporary Lebanon situation.

Not all of the programs drew the number
of participants that organizers from the
event‘s sponsor. the Puerto Ricart ln-

dependence Solidarity Alliance, expected.
PRISA member Pepe Rossy sald.'“lt was
good to have many different people at each
event.’I although he said he was disappointed
that "verbal support promised from some
faculty and student groups did not
materialize."

A forum on Women and the War in Cen-
tral America was given Thursday afternoon.
Yanira Chacon. spokesperson for the
Salvadoran Women's Association. explained
women's role in the revolution there. With
women comprising 60 percent of the popula-
tion. Chacon said, it is not surprising that
they joined the revolution. "it is not
necessarily just combat that makes a rel/oin-
tion.” she said. altltough she assured the
group that some women have taken up arms.

Dean of Undergraduate Studies Helctr
Desfosscs also spoke at the forum. discussing
the “gender gap" between women's and
men's opinions on peace issues. “Women
have it low tolerance for swaggering. the need
to exhibit a very tnaclro attitude. and are
nore concerned with protection for the
home." site said. Site poiirted out that these
iiscrcpuncics are cvcrt greater in developing
countries.

ilowevcr. Dcst'osscs said. “as you can see
by the turnout today. many women do not
extend the feelings they have It) the national
tlilti international levels."

Chacon said. “sonictirrrcs i understand the
organizations of women in thc U.S.A.. btit
sometimes i can't understand how tltcy cart
spend titric deciding wlrttt to support or not
support while there are mountains of women
and cliildreti dying in my country.“

Student apathy was also questioned by
teach-in participants. Ricardo Lopez Torri-
jos. a graduate student frortr Spain and
rrrcrnbcr of the Central American Peace
Alliance. said that lte was surprised to ﬁnd
the media coverage in the U.S. so lacking in
criticism. "It‘s appalling that the reader isn‘t
critical and it's even more uppalll thought the
student body would be a more important
force here. but they let thcrneselves he led
around like everybody else." Torrijos said.i:l

\

Conference discusses politics, role of women

 

By Robert l.itt
utid Jennifer Prttdcn

The presidential conference of Feminism in the Eighties
was held at SUNYA Saturday. The purpose of the cort-
fercncc. according to a pressrclcase. was “to question"
where feminism is going in the next decade and reaffirm
where feminism came from.

Tire conferettcc had a large. vocttl trirtrorti. The day was
composed of various discussion workshops. with the struc-
tnrcd program being highlighted by outspoken activist and
author Sonia Johnson. anti acclaimed feminist poet .lrrdy
(iralrn. Adrian Scltrcck. a SUNYA student said. “The con-
ference held a positive atmosphere itt which women were
able to reaffirm their feminism.“

The conference was opened by Johnson. who hopes to be
the Citizen Party's presidential candidate. Her keynote ad
dress was described by one woman as being “spiritually
uplifting." Johnson's speech urged women to never stop
believing their “spiritualin as women," while trying to ef—
fect chattge.

Site spoke in the rhetoric of Martin Luther King Jr.:’
about the importance of having a dream. “Let its rcmove
ortr ctrergy frorn the patriarchy. let us prtt our energy into
dreams. We are going to build a new world frorn our vi-
sions right in the wreckage of tire old one. That’s nort—
patriarcitial stuff." Johnson spoke of the need to dream
because she felt that thc archetype of vioiericc in society is
violence against women. “if we can't stop incest and rape
in one city. we can't ever stop war." she claimed.

Johnson noted that it isn't cnottglr just to try and change
individual aspects of society. but that women rnttst begin to
create a whole new society.

in discussing her political views. Johnson said. "Third
party candidates are extremely valuable for American
politics." Sire pointed out that many third party ideas
throughout American history. such as Social Security and
cltild labor laws. ltavc become accepted parts of society.

Her politics are fcnrinist politics. Johnson claimed Site
explained that this trrcurr. ~olid cotrrnritmcnt to pen . as
well as cttd to the opp iotr of worrrcn tutti other discnr-
powered groups. “This can only be done." she said. “by
radically changing values and attitudes."

Johnson said she believes the tnodcl upon which all
violence in society is fashioned exists arclrctypically in
violence against worrtctt. This violence is in the form ot‘bnt-
tcring and rape. she noted.

in 1978. Johnson wctrt to the if’rtsltlngron Post with

    

 

documentation of Mormon activity against the Equal
Rights Amendment. l'lcr cxcornmuttictttiori trial was called
not long after that. itrtd was lrcid without her presence. site
claimed. Orr Dec. 5. I979. Johnson was excommunicated,
and site stated this started her political career.

“Tire exconimunlcation was the best thing that ever lrap»
pctrcd to me. It forced me to make a break that might have
taken a lraif a dozen year's to do on my own." Johnson
said. Site has since devoted herself to ptrblic speaking. the
ERA. arid her presidential platform since her excom-
ntunication.

After Johnson's speech a panel addressed the relation-
ship betwccn feminism of the [970‘s and feminism of tlic
l980's. The parth rriet to bring the two generations of
feminists into perspective and to show that feminism is not
dyittg in the l980‘s. The discussion was inspired by a New
York Times article of Oct. 7. I982 titlcd “Voices froin a
past feminist generation."

"The panel was designed to be one place dttring the day

 

 

 

    

JOAN E. aInEN
Activist Sonia Johnson H”
if’uIm-n must begin In ('I'I'fllt’ u whole new .i'ru‘icfv.

 

where the dialogue between the two generations would be
the primary focus." said Judith Fclterly. SUNYA pro-
fessor ttrrd a panel member.

Representing tlic feminists of the 1970's were Corn
Watkins. noted activist and speaker; Linda Nicholson.
SUNYA professor; and Fcttcrly. SUNYA student Karen
(ilinsky and Tracy Morgan rcprcscntcd the feminists of the
1980’s.

Each speaker addressed how they came into feminism.
what it meant in their lives. anti the differing political
climates of the last two decades.

Morgan stated that the “70's feminists have taught us
Irow to love women and how to value women. The 70's
feminists baVc opened ottr eyes to each other." She said
later the New York Titties article was “a good example of
media nrartipitlation. Feminism is not starting over from
nothing in the l980's. nor is it losing force."

Fettcrly. speaking for the feminists of the 1970‘s said.
“Feminism has allowed trtc to make sense out of my life."
She also spoke of her personal concern of carrying
feminism on to the next generation.

Watkins and isicy addressed the qticstion of the Black
rrrovcnictrt and the women’s relations between the move-
rncrtt over the last two decades. Tltc speakers agreed that
the only real difference between feminism of the l970's and
feminism of the l980's was the existunce of a political and
economic environment now that might be tnore conducive
to the advancing women's movement more readily than in
the past. The conference was then convened to the in-
dividual workshops.

Durirtg the lunch break between workshop sessions.
Dana Cunningham. a member of the Women's Committee
for the National Black Organizcr's Conference. addressed
the conference. She spoke on "Why women should put
their energy into supporting Jesse Jackson for president."

A second atrd third workshop session convened after the
lunchtime address.

Tire day cttded with a poetry reading by Judy Grahn, the
author of eight books. including. "Edward the Dyke and
()tlrcr Poems." "The Common Women Poems." “Site
Who.” trnd "The Queen of Wands." from which she read.
She has also has recorded an album of her poetry with Pat
Parker. Site said that she draws many of ltcr ideas for her
poetry frorn different cultural mytlrologics. such as Ntttivc
American and Chinese. Tire major themes of the poems she
read dealt with a female creutrix. rather than a male
creator. As one women said. her reading "ended the day on

I n powerfully spiritual note "

 

i
l

 

 

 

 

 

