 

 

 
  

   

22 sports ALpANY STUDENT PRESS :1 NOVEMBER 15.1983

 

 

'Matmen open season; weak in Dane Classic

 

By Marc Herman
ASSOCM TE SI’DIUS EDITOR

I Conch .loe DeMeo wasn't pre-

sent. neither were his prize wrestlers
Andy Seras and freshman Sean
Sheldon; the latter two trying ortl
for the U.S.A. 1984 Olympic
wrestling team in Norway. But
more importantly. the Aibariy Stale
wrestling learn was going into their
season debut with only two return-
ing starters ortt of ten from last
years 15-3 sqtlad.

And as a result. the Albany State
wrestling team did it hellyflop in
stead of a dive in opening their
I983-ti4 campaign. finishing ninth
out of I2 teams in the Annual Great
Dane Eastern Classic on Saturday.
a tournament the Danes placed first
iii the last two seasons. '

This year's squad didn't look
nearly as competitive as last year's
15-3 squad mainly due to tile loss of
cigltt starters. Otrt of the eigirt
starters lost. lliree graduated. three
quit. one dropped out of school.
rttid otre is rctlshirting.

Coach DeMeo wasn't presetrt for
Saturday‘s tournament. held in tire
University Gym. because he was
busy accompanyittg Dane wrestlers
Scras and Sheldon. wlto are built
trying out for the Olympic tearri.
Scras has elected to sit otrt this year
for Albarty State so Ire corrld con»
centrate all his efforts on making
the U.S.A. squad. However.
Sheldon will still wrestle for the
Duties despite his quest for interna-
tional glory.

These developments have left the
Danes under the leadership of assis-
tant coach Chuck Carwell until
DeMeo's return with his two gifted
wrestlers on November 2|.

‘LIVE
IN CONCERT
MIQUEL
BROWN
singing
"so MANY MEN,
so LITTLE TIME"
at
XENON

(124 W43 St. NYC)
Sat. Nov. 26

 

Admission $10.00
with this at‘
Regular $18.00

Your Host: CELEBRATION
SUM Albany

 

 

 

faculty-Intimate:

Try our complete..
computerizedl travel
services

AIR TICKETS
CRUISES
VACATIONS

ﬁlm" l'l’llll IIIICY. Inc.

155 Wolf Road
Next to Banker's Trust
Colonic. 12205

458-7222

 

k can IiicIIil '42 ,

Division I Syracuse captured this
'year's tourney scoring l0l points
topping Delhi’s 89 and Springfield’s
75.
Albany State ended up with a
ninth place finish and 22 points.
while placing just one wrestler.
junior Ali-American Dave Averill.
who finished fourth in his I2I
pound weight class. He won four of
his six matches on tile day incltrding
three pins and one l2-0 declsiori
against the likes of tough Division I
competition.

“I knew I could hold my own
against the best of Division i. " said
Averill. who plans to try out for the
I988 Olympic team. “My goal this
year is the Nationals and l was glad
to face strong competition this
weekend."

But with a team consisting of on-
ly one senior. one junior. and the
rest underclassnien. Averill noted
that the cltib won't be as com-
petitive as last year: “The team is
inexperienced but we do have a lot
of good young talent."

Danes clobber Marist 48- 7;

<Back Page

game. and the last two qttarters
turned out to be it defensive strug-
gle. with the second half score being
7-7.

The Dancs' final score came on a
Mike Monteleone 5-yard run.
through a hole that you could have
driven a tatlk through.

This wirt. in addition to the fact
that there are only eight graduating
seniors on the squad. is a strong
case that Albany State will have a
very successful [984 cairipaigtl.

The way that the offensive litre
has ititprovcd all year. they should
crrriie back and be it very solid rrrril
next year.

“They went front a high school
offensive line to a college offensive
line this season.‘ . ‘d Monteleone.

Duriham added. "They have cort-
trolled the line of scrimmage iii the
last three games."

With the drastic turnaround of
the line and the outstanding rnoliili»
ty of Milano. sacks against the
Duties may be virtually a thing of
the past.

 

 

Eastman said. “I have been here”

a longtime; it doesn't feel like it‘s
over bill it is. i enjoyed every
minute of it."

Eastman has heard from a few
pro scouts btrt said the real interest
front scouts will be lierc iii a few

 s.

 

 

Said Administrative Assistant
Gina Raio: “We have a very young
team so we didn't expect to come
out of the tournament too high. But
we didn't do as well as we thought
we would. We thought some of our
guys might win a few more mat-
ches."

As it turned out. besides Averill.
the Danes could only nitrsler five
other winning matches. ~

Freshmen Ivan Kit”. and John
Balog took one match apiece as did
senior Doug Slater. Sophomore

weeks. Ills real longing. though. is
to becotric a coach just like team-
rrrate Jojo. who also played a fan-
tnstic game.

Jojo. who was all over the field
playing like a lnan posscscd. said.
“It hasn't set in yet. because r'm

. ,_ . . .

 

Senior tailback John Dunham rune tor a score In his last game as

a member of the Danes.

     

Sandy Adelsllen was victorious in
two.

With DcMeo in Norway until
November 21. the squad will con-
tinuc to practice under the tutoring
of Carwcli. a former coach of Ar-
my. DcMeo will be back for the
dual meet November 22 against
R.P.l.

“I think DeMco‘s presetiee
would've had a positive effect.
especially to the freshmen." said
Averill. “but (‘httck is still doing a
ltcllttvtijoh." | i

and worst season at 3-7

still prrrripcd tip front the game. A
game like this definitely leaves a
good taste in your rnorrtlt. It helps
its seniors and it also helps the
younger guys."

Junior Torn Jacobs has sent out a
word of catttiott for next year's ops
poncrtts. "I‘m coming back next
year and we‘re going to be better."

A better performance than this
48-7 rout may be difficult to come
by.

lint as coach l'ord said. "This is a
good way loslart for next year." i I

I'AW I'RIN'I‘S: The eight
graduating seniors are Durtltutn.
Eastman. .lojo. llrrrrrigan. llrien.
McGrallr. litigarly. and Joe Camp-
bell. .llrii (‘nnfield has also played
his last garlic for Albany but did riot
play Saturday title to a knee
injury... llrlen led all Danes iti scor-
ing with 7 touchdowns for 42
points... Mlluno threw 3
touchdown passes raising his total
to 8... Iloth learns ended the sensori
with 3-7 records but Albany hall the
much tougher schedule.

 

 

 

SA Office, Quad Offices,
WCDB. Telethon CC table.
the stand by CC Info Desk.

~ Proceeds:
Capital Area Speech Center

and

Wildwood School
BE A PART 0F 'l‘lllS

24-IIOUR 4E. 'l‘llAVAGAN? \I

'PU’I‘ 0N YIDUR REID SHOES AN!) IDANCE’
at

'l‘lilJi'l‘lltiN ’84’8 DANCE MAltA'l‘lltiN
4 4 4 Ntivriimiat iii-19 8PM - 8PM 4 4 4

Sponsor sheets available:

  



..
it t
“Ier.-

   
  

 

i

  

i

     

  

 

 

7i

Spikers fifth at States; still receive NCAA bid

got some NCAA experience. Brockport
doesn’t and none of the teams we'll play are
beyond our reach. I guess we'll find out just
how good a team we are." - D

By Tom Kacarldes
SPORTS EDITvR

Mild-mannered consistency is one thing.
and performing when it counts is something
else as the young Albany State women's
volleyball team learned last weekend at the
State championships held in Binghamton last
weekend.

The Danes seriously jeopardized their
chances of receiving a bid to the NCAA
Championships when they finished fiftli at
States. Albany lost to Brockporl State. 8-15.
15-8. I2-IS. in the pool competition and were
later defeated by Brooklyn College in the
quarterﬁnals. i4-l6. 2-l5. Albany had been
seeded second.

Interestingly enough. despite their two
losses. Albany received an invitation to the
NCAA tournament on Sunday afternoon.
according to Head Coach Patrick Dwycr.
“The States were very strong this year." tic
noted. The teams that beat Albany.
Brockport. and Brooklyn. went on to do well
finishing second and third respectively. In ad-
dititoti, Brockport's games against tourney-
wiriiier Ithaca College were both decided by
the mandatory two-point differential. i5-l3.
and 1644. "The whole llrirrg was very
close." Dwycr said. No doubt that fact
helped Albany's cause at the NCAA selection
committee meeting.

Albany began its pool play by defeating
Hunter College. 15-9. 15-7. After that. tile
Danes got their first taste of trouble.
lirockport hit the corrrt ready to pllty arid led
the Danes through three games. 8-15. I5-il.
l2-l5 Aihtttty recovered enough to prtt l’iatt-

sburgh State away in two games. IS-I 1. 15-6.
The Danes then advanced to the quarter-
ﬁnals. Albany was ahead all of the ﬁrst
game. but Brooklyn came back to take it by
two. l6—l4. After that. Albany folded under
the pressure. losing by a score of iS-2 in a
game marked by bad passing and ques-
tionable decisions by the referees. Said
Dwycr. “Only a few of our players had been
to the States before. but we never collapsed
like that all season. It was the pressure."

One bright spot in the Danes' dark day was
the selection of senior Liz Rosentei to the
tournament’s all-star team. Many times. if a
team does not do particularly well. individual
standouts- do not get enough exposure to be
selected to an all-star team. however.
Rosentei. who was an all-star player in
several tournaments this year. was sufficient-
ly well known to be chosen anyway. Said
Dwycr. “We had olircr players \ to had a
sltot at it. but they didn't get seen because the
selection committee didn't start looking until
the semifinals."

With the Slate tourney over and dotie with.
Albany can now look forward to the
NCAAs. 'I‘hc Danes travel to play lirockporl
Stale again at llroekport nest weekcrtd. If
they cart win there. Ilicri they advance to play
Ithaca. now ranked among the top eight iii
the nation. Quarterfinal matches will be held
at MIT and the NCAA finals will be held in
los Attgclcs.

The question now is. “how far cart they
go'l” Hopefully. the Duties will bounce back
front Saturday's disappointments to regain
their composure arid beat llrockpor't and

 

NOVEMBER 15.1983 El ALBANY STUDENTPRESS W 23

Ithaca. Coach Dwyer commented. “Of the
top four teams. MIT is the most vulnerable.
so we have the best possible avenue to the
final-four competition we could have. We’ve

~
~—

 
 

 
   

. UPS
The women's volleyball teem stumbled at States, but will compete further In the

NCAA tournament.

Women harriers take tenth in Regionals finale

 

By Dean Chung

Huron/AI .rssrsrasr
A l0t|t pi: e fini at Saturday's NCAA
Regionals .secnicd a fitting end to Albany
State's women‘s cross country team's less
than spectacular season.

The Danes recorded one victory this season
as Alhariy repeated iii witilring the Capital
District ttteel. That was the only highlight of
the season. Tire rest ol' the year was filled
witli "what rtiiglrt-|i;tvc»bcens". titediocrc
results and two seasons worth of losses.

 

Despite the poor record. many of the rtttt-
nets iriiproved throughout the year.
Freshman Maura Malion's ilttpt'o\etttettl was
particularly evident. Mahon's tirncs gradual-
ly decreased as the year progressed. liy the
crtd of the season, Mahort was finishing eon»
sisteritly among Albany's top three.

SPORTS BRIEFS

Bowling results

Iicrc are the results of the November I0
niatelt in the Capital District liowling Con-
fercnce. .

Albany Men's A defeated Albany Men's
It by a score of 4-0. For the li team. litirry
(ittliatit bowlctl a 530 series that included a
209 grime. For the A learn. Steve Silva
howled a 204 and a 556 series. and 'd
Coltcn rolled it 2M gatiic arid a 54‘) series.
The Men's C learn defeated the .Iurrior (‘ol~
lcgc of Albany. 4-0 by forfeit.

The Alhariy Women's It tcant topped the
Women's A learn by the slime 4—0 score.
For the A tearii. Judy Wolf had a 201 garlic.
For the it tcarti. Lisa Oppenheimer rolled a
tilt game and n 5I6 series. Diane Williams
itad a 2” game rlrtd (l 542 series. and Tracy
Gross rolled it till) game.

 

Track meeting

There will be it meeting today for all pro-
sllcellve and rcltlrning members of the
Women‘s Indoor and outdoor track amt
field learn. Tire meeting will be held til 4: I5
in Room l25 of the Physical [Education
building. For triore information. please
cottltlet Coach Wirite at 457-4525.

 

Injuries to key runners also ltnrt the
women, Donna liurnham. considered to be
the team's rirrnibcr two runner. was out for
most of the scasort with an injury to her foot.
(‘o-errptain iiette Diariiba was hurt late iii the
year dirnitrshing her effectiveness. Neither
tunnel was 100 percent when she returned to
action iii the post-season lrrects.

At Saturday's Regionals. llrrrrrlratrt finish-
etl second for Albany with llt.'l' little ol' Zl:iitr
while l)/atiilia was 12 seconds behind.
littisltirrg fourth. leading the learn lot the
final time this year was co-eaprairr Karen
ls'rrrtiry. who finished the race in 20:25. Kur-
thy Irad entertained ltirltt's oi going to the Na-
tionrrls. bill was not able to place high
enough in the fast pack. Albany‘s third rrrn-
tier was Mulron. who run 21:10, and the
Darres' l'il'llr runner \\.’ts Kiln l’atelr. who
finished in 23:04.

The times were about one ritirirrtc slower
tliali normal because of the treacherous corr-
ditioris on the course Said Kurtlty. "There
were a cottple of inches of snow on the
ground when we started the race. The star-
ting litie had us facing the wind; lltc snow in
our eyes made it a blind sltttl." Another Itlllr
rrer noted that five foot high snow drifts
weren‘t t‘\tlt.'lly conducive to running either.

llost tcatir (.‘orlltuid State won the rircct

with a low of 4‘) points: liinglrarnlon was sc—
corid with 77 points. Those two teams will
represent this region at this Saturday‘s Na-
tionals. Albany's 24H point total lcl't
something to be desired. as only one tcnnr
fared worse. There were many schools that
\\L't‘C represented by runners. birt didn‘t llL'ltl
corrrpiete tearris.

 

Head Coach Ron White doesn't belieic in
that type of participation. “'l'lrosc schools

 

Hockey club defeated

llislor‘y was made Sunday night when the
Albany State rncrt's hockey team took on
Skidmorc in the firslvever' intercoilcgrate Icc

 

  

mtoa328~<" ‘3' *5“
There will be an Interest meeting for
the women's tragk teams today.

 

hockey garrie here at Albttriy Slate. The
Duties were beaten by Skidrnore. 3-0.

Skidmore scored one goal late iii the se-
cond period and added two more in the
third for their three goals. According to
leatir member Larry Iiarlniari. it was still an
impressive showing for Albany. considering
their lack of experience and prttctiec time.

Tire team's next game will be December 5
against Sicria.

Upcoming events

The Willi-84 basketball season gcts
tiridcrway this weekend. The ttteti open Fri-
day night in the second game of the Capital ‘
District Tournament as they take on CCNY
at 8:30 pm. RPI faces defenditig champion
Union iii the 6:30 opener. The wonlen visit
Saint Rose Saturday riiglil at 6:00 p.m. (see
Sports November pullout)... The men‘s JV
basketball learn goes on the road for their
opetting games its they will compete iii the
Schenectady Cornrnttnity College Charti-
piorisltips this Friday and Sattrrday... The
wrestling learn will coirtpcte at the Syracuse
Open this Sunday... The women's swim
learn visits Russell Sage for tl dual rneel
tonight rrt 6:00 pm. Albarty defeated Skid-
more on Saturday... The men's swlni tearti
will host the (treat Darle relays this Satur-
day beginning at l:90 p.m.

 

that orin send some of their runners aren’t
looking down the road." ire argued. “All
they see is that the competition is too tough.
They should try it develop their program arid
work towards a better frrture. They can't do
that if they don‘t run. The team aspect is also
very important. We're a learn right to the
end."

White followed a plrrrr l'or rriost of the
year; the team would start slowly and everl-
trrally peak ill the post-season meets.
Something went wrong. After witittirig the
Capital District rircct. the women were prime
for a letdown; two strong perlorrnances
littck‘to-ltack would be tough to accottlplislt.
What ensued was more of a breakdown than
a letdown. .-\t'tcr Ilrc (‘apitai District mcct.
hopes were raised. individual bests were ltL‘l-
tered by up to two rnintrtes and thc learii was
finally reserrrblirrg a tcarii. The rtttitters never
again approached that level of esecllencc'.
"We just didn't have the strength that we
needed," said Wirite. "You can't c\pect to
lime a winning learn every car. Hopefully
this will be otrr down year. ottr year to
rebuild. Willi the people we have now. we
have a good future."

 

 

One of those people is transfer Lynn
Jacobs. lit the meets that site was allowed to
rtrtt. Jacobs consistently finished first for
Albatiy. If her titties counted this year.
Albany ttiigltt ltavc come away with lnorc
than just one victory.

White gives this year's runners some credit.
“They hung right irt there to the bitter end."
said Wltite. “They worked as hard as an
learn that I ever coached; they were ' .
dedicated. reliable learn. Normally when you
have a losing season. the year tcrlds to drag
on forever. lint this year was very
enjoyable."

Co-captain Kurthy reﬂected on the year
arid decided that the most exciting part of the
season was when "the gttys made the Na-
tionals oti Saturday.” “The two teams are
very close." said Kurlhy. “We acted as their
cheerleaders when they ran and they did the
same for us. When the guys win. it's almost
as if we won." Knrlhy is already looking for-
ward to next year. "We'll do alright as Iorrg
as we avoid injuries and get everyone brick."
said Kurlhy. Reaching the Nationals is rrol
something that's restricted to the men; next
year might see two of the wonrcrt also qualify
for the Nationals. th

