 

direct and handmade:

 

   

 

0 enter Frank's Living Room the

thirsty must descend. Beneath

the overhanging flouresceni sign.
past the neon Budweiser logo, and over
the crumbling concrete. the Frank's patron
cautiously steps into the darkness of the
basement bar's entrance. Scrawled on the
door. In a hand warped by Intoxication or
psychosis Is. Inexplicably. The Magic
Theatre. Literary allusions abound In
Frank's. especially on bathroom walls.

Kevi'nTClarke

The simple pinewood door creaks out so
that the first act upon arrival at Frank's Is to
step back as the door pulls opert. The initial
blast of sight. scent and sound Is over-
whelming. Many of the curious have been
observed retreating to the safety of the
street alter opening that door for the first
time. Inside Is an oozing and oily blackness
and a hazy. smokey warmth generated by
cigarettes and sweating humans. Once
across Frank's threshold the first striking
feature will not be Its diminuitive dimen-
sions. not the awesome shout of rock 'n'
roll roaring through the speakers. not the
very rare prescence of an obviously well-
used dart board. but the astounding
number of people who are willing to cram
themselves Into such an uncomfortably

small room. Frank's Is a jostling. elbow~
smashing. meat grinder of a bar where only
the strong and very drunk survive.

On a busy night (and they all are).
Frank‘s makes the Chicago Stockyards
look empty. and the cattle here are equally
eager to get to the trough.

The bar Itself is radically unpretentious.
Old wooden crates hold the bottles of
booze In place. the signs on the wall are

No dancing in Frank's
Drink Specials daily 6:30-9:30
Heineken. Molson
Miller. Guinness
Budweiser. "

Tlte bartender leans over a black. scratv
ched and aged vinyl surface. tripping
around kegs of Michelob and Budweiser as
he endeavors to serve his customers. The
floor. treated only with the muck of a
million beer soaked. trampling. no-
nonsense Frank's feet. Is merely plywood
tosed over the basement cement. Tlte ceil-
Ing resembles something out of a paper
mache nightmare. Two wobbly tables sur-
rounded by a row of rundown stools suf-
fice for seating.

Frank‘s Is one of the dark places of the
Earth. Possibly It is designed that way so

 

 

 

the more amorous patrons are never quite
sure Itow ugly or attractive their compa-
nions actually are. keeping them Interested
enough to buy that special person who
they will never see again just one more
drink. Some light is provided by two tacky.
quasi-colonial wall lamps. one glaring pin-
ball machine and the cold eye of a Donkey
Kong video game. Arguably the cruelest
aft of insensitivity perpetuated In the west
occurs here every night at about 4 am.
(never before) when. after an eventing of
screaming wide-open pupils. the lights are
turned up and a pained cry runs down the
length of the bar as the regulars ruslt to
cover their eyes. and spill their drinks.
.

Like other bars. Frank's has two
bathrooms. They are. however. absolutely
unlike any other bar's bathrooms. The
most obvious dissimilarity Is that they are
unmarked. making sexual orientation a
real dilemna. In practice. however. the
males tend to the toilet on the left. probably
because It Is slimier and lacks a ntlrror.
while the wotnen frequent the bathroom
on the right. There Is no visual guide. say.
something as complex as a sign or a stick
figure to Indicate men to the left, women to
the right - that's just the way habit has
turned.

 

The male Frank's-goer. acting on the
ever-insistent bar roont bladder-drive finds
himself lit a box about three feet wide and
six feet long. Before hitn Is a sink and toilet
whose existence triviallzes the expression
second hand. Around him Is writ the

 

wisdom of the ages ~ the Frank's sages.
leave their mark with whatever lies at hand:
pen. pencil. or chalk. A consistent favorite
is Lou Reed's powerful pronouncement.
And l guess I just don't know." Food for
thought. as the patron ponders the com-
plexities of a yellowing bowl and inhales
the pungent aroma of urine. The occa-
sionally crude messages adorning the walls
In Frank‘s bathroom range from the basic
“ij'uck Disco; Lou was here: 8/23/78." or
the cryptic. “We're not going to change
who we are because some two bit whore
shakes her ass." a sentence written on what
was obviously an evening at trial for some
men of integrity. Ultimately. no matter ltow
discerning the bar-bathroomgibberish con-
noisseur act of bladder relief is transformed
Iitto a challenging intellectual exercise.

Another Important physical
characteristic which has helped make

Frank_'s the success It Is today Is the dart

J mm mwﬂwﬁwuﬂwmmw.‘ me... .. ..

'FranklyLicving In 139 i

  

board which. along with a black chalk rail
for keeping score and ample throwing
room. takes up about 25% of the total
available area. In year's past the dart board
was ltung so that the "snooker" players
tossed their darts out lit the direction of the
crowd. This eventually presented some
problems. The most serious occured every
tlrne a novrce player or a very drunk
player. or worse. a very druttk novice
player. stepped up to take his shot. Every
so often a crowd dart would find its way.
not to the board. but on the unsuspecting
face. neck. or shoulder of an innocent
bystander Tragedy! Followed closely by
either: fervent apologies gracefully ac-
cepted; insults exchanged. then fervent
apologies gracefully accepted; insults ex-
changed. followed by flying fists. then fer-
vent apologies gracefully accepted.
Whatever the reaction to the mlstossed
dart. It became apparent to even the most
vacuous Frank's follower that something
had to be done. After only ten or so years
"f piercing. cursing. fighting aitd apologiz-
..tg. The Living It‘ourn's management acted
with their characteristic sensitivity and zeal.
The dart board was lifted from its old wall
and positioned gently on a new wall by the
door. out of harm's way. A sigh of relief
and appreciation was heard to escape
through the vaguely drunken lips of The
Living Rooms guests The great tradition
of Frank‘s dart boarding was allowed to
continue. free from the fear of sudden arid
horrible injury

EDITOR’S NOTE:

registering near zero and attracting the m.
tentlon of the always curious. scurrying
Living Room roaches. As a ioiiversa.
tionalist. Pete leaves much to he tli'siretl
When be Is capable oi speech. all he wants
to talk about is the apparently .tWt’NItnu
amount of money lte tttitkt'ti. itinl lflt‘ I .m.
to which his glrlfriettd subjects ltltli

Pete is a regular frotti way It." lt \\‘lit'i|
Frank's actually was a living mom litt-
original Frank was a H‘llll'tl \ttlltit til...
started out serving pizza. Wlilt‘ itltil min)
wlclies. The growing popularity of hi. li\‘iitl]
room cafe demanded a liquor lit i'ii'~t’ tint
rest Is history. The present on li’t w ..
shadowy figure known only as John John
makes Infrequent appearances to drop till
bottles of alcohol and spy on his
bartenders. The sailor who started it .til
now resides somewhere lit a neighboring
town where he runs a beauty salon «.tilvtl
Mahogany. which caters to the iminivtir
whims of black women. From Bud H‘piiiu in
split nails. sailors seem an interesting i lilti.‘

Aside from a scattering of others. Whitey
and Pete are the oldest of Frank's regitlnu
There Is ofcourse the Bleached “lullilt' .in
burping. obese woman of rbout ftitiy Ini-
who drinks quickly. then recounts iuutlly
her extremely sordid sexual L’ka‘llt'ittt's
And there is Don. a shavedvhead. woolen
capped lrishman who. depending on lii>
mood and the number of drinks ho liits
consumed. ltas given up a career an .t
banker. college professor. ItI
longsltoreman to be a free spirit [Jon

 

As this issue goes into production, Frank 's Living Room
IS opening its doors once again. after being thorougth

 

 

gutted and remodeled during the month of June. We at
the ASP sincerely hope that the Living Room has not lost
its unique ambiance, that specialje ne sais quoi which has

made it one of the legendary drinking establishments.

t is Easter Sunday evening and

Frank's Living Room ls dead.

Miraculously. this night Frank's Is
closed. ittside. a gray figure is slowly mop-
ping the floor. The proprietors are using
this Holiest of Holy days as art excuse to
remove the muck front the Lluirtg Room's
floor. One Sunday last summer Frank's
was closed for the same reason. For art en-
tire week. the place was unbearably af-
flicted with art invisible presence of am-
monia. but one could assume It was clean.
it seemed a terribly futile act to attempt to
wash away the sins and filth of a thousand
alcohol-saturated souls Iit one night. Even
Christ required three days. Probably just
some state health regulation being reluc-
tantly observed. No choice. however on
this evening. but to go in search of a
suitable substitute watering hole. Perhaps
the lonely sanctifier will be successful. yet
the task seems superhuman. The Living
Room Is such a foul. slime-covered ltole
the bar so crowded. the music so loud thal
even the most lnslpld of observers must
pause to wortder why anyone would want
to hang out there. What attraction does this
disgusting. wretched bar have to warrant
the dedication and zealous spending It
receives from its patronage?

The average Frank's customer devotes a
destructive amount of their free time imbib-
ing lit The Living Room. The wiser ones
are able to rnaintaln a hold. albeit a
tenuous one. on social responsibility. in the
slmpiist terms. people drink with
tnasocltisttc excess here because they love
the damn place. As Whitey. a white~haired
construction worker of about 50 aptl
phrased it. "people come to Frank:
because it airt't a business here. its drinking
together like a family." Whitey‘s farttil
must be an Interesting group of Americansy
l Whitey was Introduced to Frank's by his
l::)t:i‘s”lf(:‘l:‘.l‘:vllit) carries) the dubious distinc-

r tavlng been found sober after
more than twenty minutes at the bar Well
over half the time Pete spends at I-‘rank'
he can be found slumped over the woodesl'
railing of the black vinyl bar. vital Sign;

possesses the most agreeable habit of but‘

ing total strangers a drink for the most
trivial reasons. in one instance, he bought it
lucky and well-Informed lad two |)thllL'i\ i it
beer and two shots of lrislt Whisch for
knowing the tale of the red hand of Ulster
(regrettably too long a digression to tltVitliji‘
here).

Essentially. though. The Living Room is

a student hangout. and the average Frank 's
customer appears In his early twenties.
frazzled by too muclt study or too much
drink (to forget his studies). Cool Chris is
so called because of his always cairn dc
meanor artd determined adherence to all
that is “cool” in the current nuwwave
rockabillyvrevival scene. His hair styli'
especially Is indebted to the ground broken
by Gene Vincent some twenty years ago
Crowning the head of Cool Chris is the
‘80‘s rockabilly doo jutting defiantly own
his forehead. Spots of genuine grease
glisten on the shoulders of his leather
jacket.

it occured one intoxicated evening to
Cool Cltrls that it would be a truly Cool
lhlng to go to Frank's and get trashed for
fifty days In a row. The general public was
inclined to make light of his intent until
about day twenty-seven. However by then
Chris' cash flow had been seriously
depleted. and he was in need of a
Generous patron to keep his vision of a fifty
day marathon alive. He found one. unex-
pectantly. In the other students living lit his
dormitory. A “Keep Cltrls Irt Frank's Fund"
was established and small but steady dona-
llons began to reach the bar-weary student I
i-or his part. Cool Chris leapt to this task at
hand with a new vigor and grim ileti'rniinir
tion that was. to the average mortal.
godllke. By day fifty. Chris was ill good
spirits. artd his academic carch in ruins.
The fateful night came and ended in joyous
celebration. The man. now a legend. had
been drunk In Frank‘s for an epic montlt~
and-a-balf. When asked how he felt now
that this inspiring test of human will and
physical endurance was at art end. Coril

 

Chris smiled shyly and said. "Drunk."

ASPECTS UMMER

‘5 Living Room

    

 

so See

a

'l

  

 

5;

he shock of the rock blasting from
the speakers leaves me
speechless momentarily. It
always takes several mlrtutes to adjust to
the Insane sound level In Frank's Living
Room.but once made. screaming Into your
drinking partner's ear seems alntost
rtatural. Roaring through the stereo Is Tom
Verlairte. guitar squealing. wltlnirtg about
something or other. I grip the glass of beer
tighter to steady myself. and watch a group
of college men attempt to Impress their
dates with Informed commentary about
what's currently cool In the American
music scene. Oire of the slicker ones
notices me nodding to the beat. l-le ap-
proaches His hair is suitably new wave. ris-
iitg suspiciously above his head. chopped
short arid savage up frortt. jutting out long
and awkward irt tire rear. He wears a
leather jacket of course. but an un-
fashionably expensive one. A gold earring
pokes through his right ear.
lie speaks. "This is Television, rigltt
man?"
i glance over artd see the girls watching

him. I ntust be cooler titan usual tltls even-'

Ing. Ah. what the hell. i decide. "Yeah.
man." He smiles in vapld appreciation or
anxious relief.

“i just wanted to make sure." He returns
to his groupies.

Tonight's gonna be a bad one. l'm In a
rotten mood. When l'nt lit a rotten mood i
get. as one friend has observed. "curl and
nasty." Leaning up against the Flash Gor-
don pirtball machine. l'm striking what i
hope is a devastatingly casual pose as i
check out the evening's performers. The
place is pretty empty tonight. sheltering
nothing more tltatt the usual assortment of
habitual drinkers attd potential wife
beaters. They look a bit disappointing this
night. i may have to put on a show of my
own.

Leo is at the bar as he is every night. He
has weekends to himself artd his own
outrageous drinking habits. but while on
duty | ltave never seen him touch anything
more than the odd Heineken. He's con-
stantly offered drinks. shots. maybe even
sexual favors. but as far as i can discern be
continually turns them down. Leo takes his
job seriously. During busy stretches. Leo Is
a fireball behind the bar. working with the
efficiency of a shot of good whiskey. Paus-
irtg to take art order at one end of the bar.
lie quickly catches a snatch of a joke from a

 

 

friend. makes it to the cash register at the
center. throws together a generous to
powerful drink at the other end and still

. manages to squeeze In a game of pinball.

This Monday evening Is slow artd Leo
has plenty of time to challenge Flash Ciur-
don. but chooses not to. He stands by the
cash register surrounded by the bottles of
whiskey. wine. artd other assorted booze
that make up his livelihood aitd silently
surveys his drunken dominion. l'm start-
ding nuxi to Chris nrtd he is very happy.
He has brought a new-found drug that be
Is especially happy with. It Is contained In a
small red vial labelled "Rush." Poppers as It
is known to the homosexual crowd. where
Chris discovered It.

Basically. the stuff works like Instant
brain damage. The user places his nose
over the opening and Inhales deeply. For
the next forty seconds his pulse rate will In-
crease alarmingly as his face reddens and
ltis head and senses reel spasntodlcally. it's
all perfectly legal and a hell of a lot of fun.
but at Frank's? Unheard of! The evil vapor
Is strictly a disco drug and i have never
seen It used elsewhere. Still Chris Is insis-
tent. and waves the open bottle in front of
my face, taunting me i breathe deeply,
Nothing happens for a second so i make
the mistake of inhaling more through the
other nostril. Before i can finish my head
feels like It is about to explode arid The Lim
Ing Room begins to swirl crazily. ilatclt on-
to a pole that stands inexplicably lit the
center of the smoke filled room. “Jesus
Christi" Chris giggles and pushes the bottle
into his nose. "Jesus Christ!" l shout this
titne and press my itands against the side of
my head to keep my brain from smashing
through my skull. People look over with
some Interest as l begin to cackle with that
diabolical edge only artificially induced
laughter possesses.

i asked Chrls out for a drink this evening.
We haven't been out for a long time and
l'm hoping to have a good night. but at the
rate we are consuming beer. it won't matter
In a little while.

Chris leans over to me. “So big guy.
wltat ltave you been up to lately?"

“Same crap as usual." | reply. “Not stu-

‘dying aitd drinking too much." I pause.

"Oh. and my woman's left me." The last

doesn't come off as nonchalanily as l

hoped.
Chris looks concerned. “Oh. l'm sorry to
ltear that. You two seemed to be doing

J l \\\\\\\\\\\\

 

 

 

great, what happened?" I just shrug.
Though l‘d like to talk about it. ican't seem
to bring myself to. Besides i despise "that
women done me wrong" conversation at
bars. “Fuck It." I mutter to myself. Chris Is
silent for a moment. "Well at least you've
got a reason to get drurtk."

i change the subject and the mood again
by grabbing for the Poppers. Whew!
Massive brain damage. deformed children.
but Jesus. what a quick high. Lisa. one oi
the best drinking partners i know in
Albany. a woman who has drunk construe
tIon workers urtder the table. steps over to
us. “You boys better go easy on that stuff."
Chris responds by Iithaliitg frortt the bottle.
His face reddens almost immediately as itis
eyes water. and a drugged smile grips his
face. Lisa takes the vial and soon joins him
above the crowd. This round I just watch.

An old Beatles' tune drifts over the
stereo.

"i got something to say that ought cause

you pain."
the new waver shoots to his date. “See this
place. Even when they play "Beatles" they
play cool "Beatles."

"II I catch you talking to that boy again
l'm going to let you donut and fL’ﬂlIL‘ you
lint!"

I'm dancing awkwardly to the music, no
one is watching me artd i couldn't care less
anyway.

“Like I told you before."
Lisa smiles at me ittdulgerttly. her eyes
glistening In pain frorn the Irritatlttg
cigarette smoke. Chris lowers ltis bead
drunkenly aivl pushes his hands together
almost to the beat.

"Oh. you can't do ihatl"
John Lennon's youthful voice invigorates
me. Another blast of Rush helps out.
“Jesus. Mary. and Saint Joseph!" Leo
laughs again at my antics. The new wave
Intruders watch me with wltat i hope is
growing unease. but probably only
boredom. i glare at them. i resent them.
They come irtto my Living Room and
make it fashionable They hear that it's
dark. dirty and loud. that the designer jean
crowd mock it. and they come here to spite
social conceit. not realizing that they create
their own by doing so. i come here to
'drink. On this evening as on so many
others i have dotte so too much. i have
reached that stage of intoxication where
even melancholy thoughts cart prove in-
capacitating. | make my way to the bar
where l collapse on a stool. Another pit-
cher is ordered and glasses filled all
around. Two dollars and fifty cents and
one cart get very senseless.

Three men walk In attd they are looking
mean and drunk already. At Frank's the
always tender balance between a student
hangout and a townie bar is shakily main-

   

tained. Those'three — one a long-haired.
massive beast. another a well-built crewcut-
ted obvious sociopath. and the final one a
.greasy. simpering sleaze— could upset that
:balance. The angry crew cut. wearing a
. faded denim jacket and a deranged expres-
‘.sion. bumps Into me. “Excuse me." he
croaks Into my ear. pressing his face
against the side of my head.

i haven't been in a ftgltt since eighth
grade when Jimmy Nolan beat the shit out
of me. and he was In seventh. so l'm not
about to mix It up with a crazed sociopath
ltt Frank's. "That's okay." i smile back. He
looks disappointed. The longhaired beast
goes over to play some video madness.

Leo does not like the way these guys
look and although they are all obviously
over nineteen he proofs them anyway
Fortunately the greasy sleaze ltas not
bothered to bring Identification with him.
There Is a shout as someone makes a good
shot at the dart board as Leo snttles cordial-
ly. "Sorry bro. but I can't serve you."

The angry crewcut spits. “Fuck you!" at
Leo. whose smile remains. "Fuck you! l'll
beat the shit out of you right here." He
starts moving towards the other side of the
bar. Great. l tltink. these three lunatics
jittrtp Leo and I'll have to join the fun just
out of loyalty. The long harried beast
comes over from the video and immediate-
ly sizes up the situation. Placing a calm
hand on his partner's shoulder he says.
"C'mon man. Let's just go." Probably been
arrested before under similar cir-
cumstances. i decide. His truculent pal
gazes at ltlrn for a moment as if trying to
remember if he has met this guy before aitd
then abruptly heads for the door. the
greasy sleaze tailing fast behind. The beast
saunters after them. When the sociopath
gets to the door lte slams it three or four
times against the wall. screaming
something unintelligible. The greasy sleaze
follows his lead. the long-haired beast
strolls out. no comment. and I breathe
easier.

Andre. a long-time regular who can

 

usually be found reclining at the bar in bet-
ween weaves to the bathroom. mutters
"Assholes." and the Incident Is closed. Leo
returns to his post by the cash register

Chris and Lisa have not even noticed the
performance but shriek once again itt
delight as the Rush tears through their brain
tissue. The new wave intruders have
departed without my notice. and i can feel
that post synthetic ecstasy depression lay-
irtg a grip on my spirit. A cuckioaclt makes
a quick steal across the face of the bar. l
allow It to pass unmolested. “.lesus." l imit-
ter to myself. bars are miserable places for
social interaction. _ C]

 

 

Photo. by Moths Ulun

 

