 

4"

 

20 Sports ALBANY STUDENT PRESS [3 MA r6. I983

Stickmen now 7-4

'vith two goals apiece.

The Albany varsity lacrosse tearr.
split two games this past week. br-
Inging their current season record to
7-4.

In Monday's game against
visiting Oneonta. the Danes held a
slim 6-4 lead at halftime before ex.
plodlng for thirteen unanswered
goals In the second half to earn a
19-5 victory. Don Casadonte led the
Danes' onslaught. scoring three of
those thirteen goals. For the whole
game he had a total for four goals
and an assist.

Also greatly contributing to the
Albany scoring attack were Bob
Venler and Dave Cerny. each with
three goals. and Gary Friedman,
.Iim McPartlin and Rich Starace.

'In Wednesday‘s game at Colgate,
it was the Division I Red Raiders
and not the Danes who displayed a
potent. high-scoring offense as the
Danes fell to a 13-6 defeat. The Col-
gate offense was led by Bob
Woodruff. a nationally ranked at-
tackman who netted five goals. col-
lected two assists and was practical-
ly unstoppable. Said Albany coach
Mike Motta. “We just couldn't
handle him on defense the entire
game."

The Danes now look to conclude
the season on a winning note this
Saturday at 11:00 when they host
Potsdam. Aside from being the
final game for the team's

 

 

 

 

   
  
  
   
   
    
 
    
    
 

T "KAPIA ADVANTAGE" DOESN'T
Hula/E T0 ENIi'WITH VUUR ADMISSION T0 LAW SCHOOL!

THE SAME SKILLED INSTRUCTION THAT PREPARED YOU FOR
THE LSAT. CAN GUIDE VOU THROUGH FIRST YEAR LAWI

llIIlililillﬂllIIlI Ill [AW Stﬂlilll
A sumac/iii "PM" SEMINAR

O CASE BRIEFING ' TORTS - LEGAL WRITING
' CONTRACT 8 - STATUTORY ANALYSB
- CIVIL LAW - RESEARCH METHODS - PROPERTY

N 1113 Delaware Ave

rut MW SRCIMGTS sue! ml

' Albany Center
l)e|nior-4Il‘)~814ti

 

    

 

 

 

 

  

SPECIAL

/

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
     
    

Computer with Printer under $2500
Dlus FREE Personal Pearl'“ database - $295 value

3“ 434-0511 CBASICIIU software.
If '

 

 

 

 

 

 

after falling to Red Raiders

graduating seniors. the game takes
on added significance for two
reasons. First, dating back to last
season. the Danes have won eight
consecutive home games. a streak
they look to preserve against
Potsdam and carry over into next

season. Second. a victory would
give the 1983 team an 8-4 Iinal
record. That would be the best
overall record by any team in the
history of the Albany lacrosse pro-

gram.
At the beginning of the season.

head coach Mike Moira was very
optimistic about his team. He felt
that this was the best squad he had
in his seven years of coaching. With
a win against Potsdam on Saturday.
the team will be able to make Mot-
ta's prediction stand up. [I

Softball team ready for state championship

<22

the bottom of the sixth. With Kirk
on first and Meyer on third. the
Danes pulled off a double steal.
Kirk broke for second. and when
the throw went down to second
Meyer raced home from third with
the Danes’ sixth run of the game.

The Danes wound up needing every
run they scored. as Union did not
go down without putting a scare in-
to everybody wearing an Albany
uniform.

The Dutchmen wound up scoring
six times to tie the game. Albany
committed two errors and Williams

 

 

Please call ahead.

 

EXPERIENCE
TOMMY LEE’S

diam:
ir‘ﬂllil’frllii

1652 WESTERN AVE.
I s s - s s I 5

OFFERS FOR YOUR
DINING PLEASURE

FREE TRANSI’0R’I‘ATION from
SUN Y to J ude Fountain & return

Friday 6PM-9PM Tele.N0. 869-9585
Saturday 6PM—9PM

869-9586

Our specialty: Szechuen, llunan
and Cantonese. Polynesian drink

was}; Vx'gmmh, available. Just 1 mile west of
Stuyvesant Plaza.
10 percent SUN Y discount with current LB
Tyre outpot included.

 

 

OFFER T

A complete computer wrth
communications CBPabIIILleS.
two disk drives. CRT display
and bustness keyboard.

Standard features include
SuperCalc. '“ WordSLar. "‘
CP/M. MBASlCim and

 

     

 . llll""~-..llll

1

 

 

Agency

SUMMER [OBS

‘Wlth New York's most prestigious r'lrms

' Secretaries

! Executive Legal General

Typists
Statistical Dictaphone Copy

General

Ibceptlonlsts Clerical

THE HAMILTON SYSTEM
’ 342 Madison Ave.

New York, N.Y. .

212-490-3850

No Fee

 

swift;

 

MI‘NAI WORK.
from thc(iirimtn_\ Award-
Ihc Ycur. Including "titetkill"
ol'lhebcritthrrlcrin'tbcbcrrr MI N '\|
AS USIIAIJ‘ Including “\\'hot'rin It
Under." ()n ('olitrribtri Kct'tlftis and

yielded five walks. and the Danes
were fortunate to get out of the inn-
lng with a tie score. With the bases
loaded and the score 6-4. Fernandes
fielded a grounder and overthrew to
Halloran at home. The runner from
second tried to score on the play.
but Hallortin threw to Williams.
who made the tag. It turned out to
be a big play. as Williams walked in
the tying run with two outs.

Albany Wits able to win it in the
bottom of the seventh. btrt again
the Danes had to strugglc.Witli the
bases loaded and nobody out.
Meyer and Kirk hit consecutive
grotindcrs to tlilrd tlrrrt Union turn-
ed iriio force outs at the plate.
Wrrllricc crime to the plate with two
dowti and the buses still fitll. She
lined ri game-twinning single to left.
bailing Albrtny otit of ti game that
should not have been that close.

The Dunes closed out the regular
sertson with It doublehcridcr sweep
of RI’I yesterday afternoon. taking
the opener 4-1 and the nightcap ti»2.

In the first game Fcrnrindcs was
the liittitig strir. knocking itt two
runs with rt bases loaded single.
Williams pitched another strong
game. allowing only two hits and
the one rttti.

Williams went on to wit) the se-
cond game. as she allowed no curri-
ed runs and only four hits. Moniii
brittcd iti three runs, while Hallorrin
and Kirk crich kttockcd in 11 pair.
Tilt: Dunes thus closed out the year
with it modest three-grime witi
strcrik. I

"( 'AIU il i"'AI| iiciv
\vinnmg New /\l'll\l ol
and much. much more

\\’t)l(K."IlI ISINI'SS

Ilc Now?" rind "I burn
('risxcttcs.

 

 

tt'ioitiiil I Iilriitiltiiiiitlllltlillvt’l Humour rtrvlii i'rlll‘ﬂliity . in)...” “M “W. MA, NI. ‘ ; .‘. ‘ .
t.r~riii.tlu;‘. 1 [till Ill/IliilrlAllK‘ylil i‘rrsirrr . I‘rtttr It lll.’ | w' i "'I H W "H l “’“H‘

Available til Record Town. Bring lnvthls ad and get Men at
Work. Cargo or Business naps-natal alspectal sale price.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  
  
  
   
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
 

By Marc Ilermun
hI/III It li‘III It

 

,._.——-——-—----—»~ —..._  . _.  _ 
Iii wltal can be labeled a. ti storybook ending for
our graduating senior tennis players. the Albriuy Stritc
ncn's tennis team capped one of their finest spring
easons 0f the past few ycrirs. by defeating (‘olgutc for
he first liriic in fivc years. 6-3. The victory extended
rho Dunes final season record to it ycry imprucm-c
11-3.
For first singles BIII’I)’ Levine. third singles-captain
Frcd Cuber. fifth singles Dave I enter and number six
singles Lawrence Eichen it was :1 very lilting way to
end riti illustrious four year career that they IlIl shitrcd.
All four of them were victorious in their respective
singles matches.

“it was a great way to end rt \cusott rrrid ii wris rrti
especially a terrific way for the seniors to cud llicir
:arccr." .uid Coach Itob Lewis. “'1 how guys were the
heart of ottr club for four straight years rind t‘m \cty
proud of each of them."

Fred (iitber had mixed feelings on lhc tlioiiglii of his
rimich being his fiiirrl one as at (irctit Drinc.

“I‘m happy that we won yet l‘rri sud." \t’litI the three
ycarctiptuiii. "I'm sad than I‘ll IIL‘\L'I be ititrihctl with
it collegiriic tennis team rruyrnorc. it was it \‘t‘l y close
team rind I'm going to miss the guys rind the times
we‘ve shined. I've grown and learned :1 lot t)\t‘l iiry
four years oti the learn. l'ic ciijoycd it tlliti \vonldti't
lrrrrc missed it for the world."

In Levine's finiil mulch of his collcgirilc cinccr. Iic
was victotiorts over Kon l’ilnt in straight sch 7-5. (r-.l.
The win boosted |.c\inc‘s fiirril crucct record to (ilwtti.
all at tile first singles spot. ltis richic\ctncnts also in
elude his participation in the Nt'AA Division II l'orir~
tiruiicrit three times. This ycrir l L‘\ inc wits \clcclcd only
its ttri riltcrnritc. which was rr slight tlisrtppoitlllltcnl.
since Albany Sttitc is hosting this )‘L'ttl 's prestigious tirr~

 

Albany netmen close out ’83 campaign
y finishing with impressive 11-3 mark

tionitl cvcnt.

"He's plitycd rill his matches tit number one singles
iriid to have the career record he has had III that spot is
quite iiti accomplishment," said Lewis.

(irtbcr had no trouble iti Iris finril nrrrtclr its it Dunc.
knocking off his opponent 0-4. 6-1). (itrbcr will leave
the school boasting IIII rilmost llriwlcss 59-15 ctirccr
record while finishing the spring ru 11-]. Ills four
SUNYAL‘ Championships tics liiiti for the All-’I‘imc
SUNY record.

“I fch thrit otit win oicr ('olgritc wris one of our
grcritcst and most exciting victories since |'\c been
here." \tIitI rtti clrilcd (liibci. “It was great to finally
betit tlictit tiftcr losing ycrii iii and year out to tlrciti. II
was rt perfect tiiiic for its to frrcc tlicirifwc were at our
best. mcntrtlly IllltI physically.”

Lefty Lerner iii his final match. broke the All- time
Albririy Stine record for most wins iii it full season
(which includes the full). Ilis 7-6. *i-(I. (r-J victory grivc
hint 22 wins for the year surpassing I’rtiil l-cldnriin's
record onI. set twicc iii 197R and 107'). Icinct leaves
the school with rr crrtccr record of (iii-21. I ikc (iribci.
l.crncr rilso is tied for most SI INYAt‘ ('lrrnnpionships
with four.

“I didn't icrrIi/c I hrid brokcti l L'ltillltlll'\ IL‘HIIII un»
til the dtiy itltct." sold I cincr. "it wan rr t'li'rtl victory
for tire because I did it til Ioinlh singles, and not or
fifth where 1 usually pliiy.

l.crnct also lirid niixcd IL't'IiIlIIN riborit the cod ol his
tennis criicct: "I guess it didn't hit me ioitil l \\t\\ lying
in my bed that night rind rc.rh/cd thrii I would ncici
play tliltiIlIL'l IIltllt‘II Ior r\II\-’lil_\ \‘trttc. I tell kind ol
depressed."

Nunrbct six singles liichr-n won his final match as till
Alliunyllc dcl‘criting Ilill .\l.riorino o-t. tr .1. I-ichcn.
who llilti ﬁll out the lust two scrtstilis bclorc this one
will lcrnc SUNYA witli u 2Al~|5 curt-ct rccotd. ‘ ‘

MAY6. I933 ll ALBANY STUDENTPRESS  

 

r
l

r

 

 

DAVE RIVERA UPS

Fred Gaber and the men’s tennis team closed out an 11-3 campaign
by defeating Colgate tor the Ilrst time In live years.

Men ’3 track team takes first in four-way meet

 

Ily 'l‘oin KilCtltttIt's
llilllmlrll. .vl\\l\l IN I

The Abany Stiitc mcn‘s irrick
and field team closed ottl llicit drtrtl
meet season in perfect slylc lilsl
Tuesday by beating Union. Rl’l.
ltlld llrirtwick iii a four-way nich
lit.'Id ill University truck. Ihc linrrl
scores iii the meet were: Albany
with R9 points. Union with 0.1
points. RPI with 51) points. rind
liartwick with 4 points. The DIIIIL'N
were able to cons cntly win cicnts

   

rind Iill in the third and fourth place
spots. winning the tticct through rt
continuation of power iitid depth.
"It \\.I\ the depth that really got us
ilic win." suid heiid coricii llob
Munxcy.

Ihc I)t|lIL‘\ started off their scot-
ing with it display of power. as the
>I\Illilrlll\'lt'l rclrry tcutn of Mike
Riggins. l';it Sticcociri. Scott Sachs.
and I-ric Newton won the event.
tIIilIIlltllL’ltlI)‘ finishing almost two
seconds ahead of RI’I with it little of
43.3 s ottd

_>.

ED MARUESICH UPS

0 Albany men's track team finished their season by winning a
lit-team meet, beating out Union. RPI. and Hartwtck.

wru'q‘. car—user; >. News"

ri 'bl‘i A11! from on;

 

Albany did not lute us well iii the
l.5t)t)-nicici run. where Dunc
Sophomore .lilil I‘I\\'Ilt led the race

until he wtis I'oulcd lIIItI [ittslit‘ti off

the track by on RI’I IIIllIlt.‘I. (‘rip-
ttiin Nick Sulliirtn “Its riblc to avoid
trouble and finished sccond in
420M) \vhilc I-‘rwin finished fourth.

'I‘lic Drtrics scored well in thc
stccplcchrisc. wiicic l-rcsiimiin
(‘rtrig l’rnlritc “in able to rccmei
quickly riltct crushing. onto the
truck after the irist linrdlc iilltI fittiin
second. while tc.immritc ('hrick
Iironnct finished third.

(in thc field. the Danes curiic ottl
well against very rough colttpcli’
tion. In the long jump. (‘riptriin
l’riril Mrincc cqiirillcd his best-ever
leap of (LS!) nrctcrx. but got only sc-
cotid plucc. Sophomore Iiill Writing
grit fourth plricc with his best jump
ever of 0.35 IIIUIL'H. In the triple
jump. Mancc ciimc brick to trike
first place with rr stilltl lcrip of 1.1.44
meters.

The Dillle also scored big iii the
pole vrrtill. Albuny'x Rci ,lrrnictson
cleared the brir ru 13’6" to trike
first. Dunc .lcfl (int/in got in it
good jump of 11‘7" for loiiith
plrtcc honors.

Sophonioic .\IIIIL‘ Mcrcuiio
showed it return to form Tuesday.
In the hrnnnict throw. Mcicnrio‘s
best toss ol 44.72 nicrcts took sc-
cond place in :t lonin field. Ixilcr.
|\lcrciirio won rite discus. his
specialty. with crwc. Ills winning
throw of 45.70 IIIL‘ICI\ is ncrn his
best.

The Drincs' ronip in the field
cycnts cotttitittcd iis rcccnt walk-on
(‘indrcIIu-siot) l’ctc Marlo won the
jtivclin wIlIi it sirpct iot toss of 5R.27
meters. 'Ilitit throw “us not oiin
Mario‘s best by over scicn incicis.
but also the best Albany jiiiclin
throw since the school record was
set iii 1973.

Albany's Iiill Nrison led the DIIIIL'
trllrick iii the shot put with his wintr-
ing throw of 14.55 meters. Scnior
Greg Dcdcs had his best tiirow ever
in his last appearance as a Great
Dane. That loss of 13.73 meters
won him third place honors.

Finishing his outdoor dualvmeet
season undefeated iii the llO~tiicter

1w... .r. A w-

iigli hurdles. l-'icshriiriti Iiiiicc Vrin
l'asscl bent oitl Rl'l‘s hurdle ricc
Iitii I’ioitlx with a quick time of
l5.-t seconds. The Iitllllc of the
(‘upitul District IIIIILIlL‘h coritiniicd
iii the Jtiti-mctct inictnicdiritc
hrirdlcs. I’ioirlx‘s \Irittlg event. you
'l'risscl's dctr‘rminrilion showed in
his l‘ricc its hc outicrincd his rliril or
the tirpc to win it by rt tciitli ol u so-
cotrd with a truck record time oi
55.7 seconds. ch .Iunictsoii rrlso
lirrd his best tiriic. as he liliiNllt'tl
fourth at 58.8 seconds.

('rtptttin liric Newton was ncritly
crrttglil ill the tape iii the JIXl-niclcr
dosh. btit slipped tlnotrgli to win it
by three tenths of it second or 49.1)
seconds. Senior Scott Sachs won
the slow hciit in 51.3 seconds to tic
for third iii the event.

Danes Mikc Riggins illILI Mitchell
lIrirvrnd took second and third iii a
very close finish of thc ltX)»mctci
dush. btit had slow tiriic bccriiisc of
ti stiff wind on the homcstrctch.
Running behind the lender most oi
the way. Albany's 14d McUill won

the 5.()ti(i-inetcr run by kicking iii
the lust hip to fittiin at 15:35.3.
1- :ahrnrin lrm ('Icmciits took third
plricc, with 51 little of 15:44.5.

Albriny capped off the triple win
rttid the outdoor diirrl tiicet season
with it big victory in the
4\-tlltl»tnc1cr rclrry. The tcrrtti of
Pool I‘tllll). Saccocio. Anthony
Rino. and Such». rriti 11 very quick
Iitllc ol 1:245

lhc Dunc". triplc witi Tucsdrty
rrriscd ilicit record to 7-1. their best
\L‘ﬂktill iii recent years. “I'm \ciy.
\cry lirippy with our pct l'orinrtnce
today and this whole season. We
Il€I\ c it drrinm good team rind I cx-
pcct to tcrtlly do something at
\IIIIL‘N. and maybe cvcn nationals."
sriid Mnnscy. 'I he Dunes were also
7»| indoors. losing only two niccts
since January. “which is not too
shabby." cluinrcd Mnnscy. 'l‘hc
I).’IIIC\ will compete in the SUNY
('hriinpioiishirw today and tomor-
row rtt lirciloniu rind tlicti go to (‘ol-
gritc tor the State Championships
May l] and ldth. ‘ ‘

Danes split a pair at home

<22

“We were Irickirdiiisicril rttid did not
hit well. We hard the classic crtxc of
too little too late." he said.

In ()ncontri. the Danes low the
first grime to the Red Dragons 7-6.
after hcing ahead or one politt 5-3.
’l'hcy also dropped the second
gtiinc. 3-1 as they wcrc two-hit by
Don Kiisliiiek. Ron Mrissinoni rind
Rrrlpli Volk both went the distance
iii defeat for Albriny.

In the opener. the Danes made
four costly errors which rillowcd the
Red Dragons to lzikc control of thc
grime. .ioc Atilogirr had two hits iii-
cluding :1 double and scored twice
for Albany. Ticrttcy also hrid two
base hits and drove iii II run. Mikc
Milano ritid Vosbiirgh were the only
two Danes to get hits iii the second
game. Albany scored their lone run
without the benefit of a hit. when
Dave Vogel reached base on an er-
ror and scored on another.

Last Tuesday night. Albany took
on the Union College Dutchmen in
a twinight game at Bleecker

. .

Stadium. The start was ticlriycd
because rt liig 'I‘cn high school triick
mch w (Ix bcitig rnn tlirotigli the titllv
licld. tirirrmun started and went rill
the way for Albrrny us they picked
up their third win of the serison,
3-1. The Drincs scored till of their
runs in the top of the third. Itob
('onklin had the only hit oftlic inn»
ing to drive iii Roscn with the third
riiti. Torres rind shortstop Drivc
'I‘hclcmrin rilso \cot'cd in the inning.
which fcritured Ilircc Union errors.

The Dutchmen were threatening
iii the bottom of the sixth when the
ruins begun to full. Union lirid
scored its only run 1111 inning earlier
when I~Id Moriarindoubled todrlve
iii catcher George ()bcrstridt. In the
sixth. the Dutchmen loaded the
bases tip with two men out on two
walks sandwiched around a double.
However. Gartman halted the
Union threat and ended the game
by striking out Moriarity on a 3-2
pitch. The heavy rain made the ﬁeld
unplayable and the umpires called
the game after a 10 minute delayii]

 

