 
  

eminism from a woman's perspective - is

P r ctive

. 9 sp

F there any other? Some men attempt and,
fewer‘succeed to understand feminism and its

mplica;.ons in our daily lives. Those who do are the few
ho really consider the privileges the patriarchy gives
men as a class and try to give them up on a personal
level.

Libby Post

The discourse around this is long. but Hamilton took
I are of that end of the discussion and I’m to take a look
t women. our view of feminism and how It affects our
ives.‘

First. it must be said that not all women consider
themselves to be feminists. In fact. some are very resis-
tant to identify themselves with this particular aspect of

- political and personal thought. For some it is too
threatening. too boring. or too overwhelming and the
option of just ignoring Its existence and hoping It will go
away and not affect their lives is too inviting.

For those of us. however, who do attempt to bring It
into our lives. a mixture of rage. confusion and
enlightenment weaves through our daily existence en-
ticing us to always think. question and change the ‘ways'
we've been taught to be. I can not be so bold as to speak
for all women and how feminism has changed their lives
so I'll attempt to Just chronicle my thoughts and con-
isclousness of being a feminist.

. My politics are rooted In my upbringing — from mak-
ng print in The Long Island Press at age 10 for leafletlng
orkers at Fairchild-Hiller on Long Island (an engineer-
ng facility which manufactured antipersonnel weapons
used In Viet Nam) to marching through the streets of
suburban Plainview. New York protesting the brutal kill-
Ing of four college students at Kent State. one of which
was from my home town. Political thought and action
'was always a given in my life. but as I grew older. the
tenets of the ‘male left' did not fulfill my need for politics.
In fact. as 1 involved myself more. my confusion
heightened. I knew social change had to come about.
but the traditional routes of ‘when the revolution comes'
nd ‘dying for the cause' did not seem credible nor were
hey appetizan as a course for political action.

I can honestly say It took quite some time for me to
explore feminism as a political perspective because I was
probably one of those women who hoped it would go
away. l knew I'd probably understand and agree with
much of what the feminist theorists were saying but I
has too scared to make the changes in my perceptions
that I knew would be necessary.

When I first entered college at the University of Buf-
falo in 1976 (yes. that makes me 25), I wandered in and
out of the progressive college on campus and soon
found a niche at the college yearbook. I also soon found
my first woman lover and was laced with the dilemma of
"coming out" or hiding the joy I was experiencing.
couldn't stand keeping It in. so out I came and with that I
encountered a host of homophobic attitudes which I
could feel but could not define. At this point in my life. I
was a lesbian but not a feminist . . . that was only a few
months away.

My entrance to Albany was through SASU and
although It now is rather liberal in Its strategies. in 1978
the Women's Caucus was a place that women could
share experiences and start recognizing the overt sexism
We all lace in society. Along with SASU. I came up to
the University and sat in on a women's studies course
which enabled me to examine the different types of

v feminist theories and explore how each could best help
' me.

There are many facets to feminism —— liberal. socialist.
marxtst. radical and radical-lesbian. I was new to It all
and confused. l didn't know which way to go but luckily

-- I wasn't necessarily forced to make any decisions. My
early exposure to feminism enabled me to sort out the
confusion I faced within the male-oriented political left

. nd slowly but surely l was able to figure out and make

1 - . rise of the questions and insecurities l faced.

' I It wasn'f like I read the books and the answers came.

‘ Instead. it was an experiential process. For instance. I'd

"2 - ' driving down the New York State Thruway or walk-

" ng down Washington Ave. and I’d make connections

" t- tween sources of conflict and ways to alleviate them.

i - the time I was driving along and recognized that
at I was experiencing at SASU was sexual harass-
nt. The pieces soon fell into place and my feminist

' . rspective became clear. with numerous fights with

arr-lily members to follow.

l'm sure every young feminist can reminisce about her
tut Thanksgiving home after having her consciousness

: alsed. The arguments with Dad over his buying into

.' pitalism and how that directly oppresses women.

‘ nd. of course. the pained look on Mom's face

I nderstanding her daughter perfectly but not willing to

0 against her husband. The pseudo-discussion. more

ike bar-room brawl. over the validity of the family and
ow motherhood, as defined by the patriarchy, keeps
omen oppressed through our relegation to the home.
eroduciion and subservience. Once aain Dad

  

 

 

   

 

 

l
I

 

M.__.M.....-.  ._

 

  

oria Steinem is a familiar face to the college
G student of 1983. I recall her presence from

out of my past. pre-femlnlst awareness days.
Because of the media, I somehow associate her with the
bra-burning outside the Miss America Pageant in Atlan-
tic City (I know now that she was not there). And.
thanks again to the media. there was also a time when I
thought that women's liberation was only about bra bur-
ning. So. with the help of logical deduction and mass
media stream of consciousness. It seemed obvious that
Steinem wanted only to overthrow Maidenform. Once I
debunked all of those myths that at a young age caused
me considerable conflict. l remember being told that she
was a feminist.

Tracy Morgan

 

Nevertheless. at age twenty-one I still do not possess
a clear Idea of who Steinem Is today and what her direct
contributions have been to the improvement of
women's condition.

With the up and coming conference this weekend on
feminism. and due to Its partial concentration on
feminists of the seventies and eighties. it is both ap-
propiate and fortunate that Steinem's first book.
Outrageous Acts and Eueryday Rebellions. be given at-
tention.

Steinem grew up In Toledo. Ohio. a small. working-
class city. and from there attended Smith College In the
fifties to study )ournalism. After the completion of her
degree. she began to write for magazines. neWSpapers.
and anthologies. Her feminist consciousness. or — it
can be said — her understanding of the personal as the
political. came to the forefront when she was assigned
to cover the controversy surrounding New York state's
anti-abortion laws. She attended the meeting of a
feminist group that was discussing the implications that
these laws had on women's lives. Once there. she listen-
ed to women testify about their real life experiences with
illegal abortions. She was deeply moved and expressed
her feelings. saying. |‘lf one In three or four adult
women share this experience. why should each of us be
made to feel criminal and alone. How much power
would we ever have If we had no control over the fate of

 

   
   

    
 
     
  

Steinem Speaks Out

  
   
    

 

 

our own bodies." Hence after her initial feminist revela-
tion. which was. "like the sun coming up. In fact. It's
more like a first candle in the dark". she began to com<
bine her newfound perspective with her journalistic
abilities. Journalism was a vechlcle by which she could
draw attention to issues of concern to women. From this
point on. Steinem's feminist awareness grew, and she
began to speak publicly about feminism. She became
the most visible feminist in America during the seven-
ties.

Steinem's book could be termed as an autobiography
of her experience as a journalist and activist. She has
complied twenty—seven articles on a variety of topics
and placed them under four subtitles; Learning From
Experience. OtherrBaslc Discoveries. Five Women. and
Transforming Politics. She begins the book with an In-
troduction in which she reflects upon what was occurr-
Ing in her life and thoughts during the time she wrote

 

Hermeneutics '

Feminism

Walker. she writes with knowledge. sensitivity and an
acute awareness of women's oppression. Every topic
) discussion is ended with a pertinent message that can-
. not help but provoke further thought. in her article titled
|“Erotlca v. Pornography ". she draws the connection
‘between violence and sex Iir our culture. in doing so.
she examines the multi-billion dollar pornography in~
dusiry. the meaning of the word pornography (of Greek
origin. porne. meaning prostitute or female captive itlIfI
'graphus. meaning the writing iil‘miif or description of).
'and how the' two perpetuate violence against wirrnen
Iwhlle slrnultanously creating a dominant/subinisslve
model for sexual relations. She ends this article willi one
statement that seals her argument. one unsettling
sentence that promises to stick with the reader. To
quote. “But until we finally untangle sexuality and ag-
gression. there will be more pornography and less
erotica. There will be little murders in our beds-and
.very little love."
(Steinem proves her personal commitment to making
feminism become a reality In people's lives by the way
she writes. Her language is simple and direct. her
presentation of the material clear. Hence.thls book ls
truly for the masses. It will reach those people who do
not want to read feminist theory. and will still provide

 

each article. This ])rttl of the .00k provides a synthesis
of her thoughts now .ilid lii‘l thoughts some ten years

ago. In 'this liilltlillitlliiit slid extracts quotes that 'are
very powerful. i’tliimu‘i'rtlig statements. I realized only
after reading this hook and underlining the statements
that l thought to Ilt‘ most IIIUVIng. that ther was a direct
correlation lietivr-un our thoughts. between those
statements that were nioslelfective and most touching.

In example. she says. "There Is no subject that
feminism (Inesli't trunslouii" I believe that this state-
ment provides htiiiit' tit‘ilillll into her book's perspective.

as well as setting the iiiiii'iif the rest of this review.
Steinem is a lrlli'lili'll Journalist and commentary
writer. She has n wily oi Sliillpg the Issues with a biting
wit. Thus. the render minim help but pay attention. The
topics she writes on .iru iiiwrse. but it Is her femiirism
that provides the ('Ultliiiiiily Whether the article Is on a

college reunion. imiissi-xualmm. or poet/author Alice

them with a better understanding of some feminist
ideals. i

One of the reasons that this Is such an Important hook
is because there are too 'few people who understand
feminism. or consider it Important. and this book has
the potential to reach them. It can do this because
Steinem. unlike other feminist authors such as Andrea
Dworkin. Adrienne Rich. or Barbara Smith. has a name
that many Americans are familiar with. She is part of
mainstream American culture. Her feminism Is of the
liberal brand. but I believe she could spark insight In the
mind of a conservative. Although I think it Is important
for all people to read feminist analyses of culture. I do
not believe that many will. Hence. I praise this book in
hopes that It will bridge a gap filled with misunderstan-
ding and malice. Stelmen has written a book of
feminism for the general public. and until all people
have an understanding of this philosophy. there can be
no hope for change. much less a revolution. l‘l

here Is a small movement amongst SUNYA's
male population to declare oneself a feminist.

In high school it was In to have your own car.
play the guitar. and hauea girlfriend. isn‘t It interesting
that we are now In college and it is chic to be a feminist?
iLearnlng to drive and play the guitar was easy. having a
lgirlfriend was tough. but objectively speaking being a
.man and a feminist Is impossible.

.. Hamrlton South
|
' I Interviewed many randomly selected male SUNYA
students. Three in particular sum up my point. When
asked how they would feel If their girlfriends or wives
became heavily involved In the feminist movement and
Ithe studies of feminist theory. one felt that he would
have to "reprimand her." The other said he would be
"furious" and the third said that he would become In-
votived in the movement right along with his girlfriend or
wl e.

The problem seems to lie in the male “feminist's”

 

 

.deflnition of feminism. Most of the men interviewed had

their own tailor-made definition. revolving around ERA
and equal wages for women.

Feminism for men can only create a vicious cycle.
There exists an interest In feminism. yet men do not
know what feminism Is. hence it Is defined individually
by an inescapable male perspective.

But feminism as defined by a man can never truly be
worthwhile and Is hence not worth the energies being
pumped into it. Feminism is for women. by women. in
Women. Men are not. and will not ever be able to truly
understand feminism. All that feminism risks of men. is
to mdicrilly reduterinine what It is to be a man.

 

lA Man’s Perspective.

. ..... «m... V-.. ‘uv’wh‘mi .w... . ...- H. .A ..-.....»..u.e. .4 -_...

  
   
  
  

‘ l

My attempts at trying to understand the oppression of
'women were motivated by a need to survive. to be
equal. to show these women that I am a man and I do
understand. As I read more and listened more. I realiz-
ed that I did not have the ability to understand. I am not
a woman. As I read more. and talked more. further
movements towards a feminist education became
motivated by an overwhelming sense of guilt, Suddenly
it dawned on me. I should not be educating myself on
the oppression of women but rather my Involvement as
a man in the oppression of women. It is with a great
sense of accomplishment and a relief of male guilt that I
can say that I as a man am oppressive. I am involved In
the oppression of women. and I am aware of why.

The education of men on their involvement In the op-
presion of women is essential. not so that men can
become aware of their involvement In that oppression.
but so that they can be made aware of those privileges
that society has lent them that allow them to be op~
pressive. When we as men are aware of those
privileges. It allows us as men to make a concious. in-
dividual. decision to give up those privileges and realize
their complete lack of validity. Feminism transforms
everything. It is something that will not only change the
women's position in society. but also the man's.

The growth of the feminist movement has challenged
:lnrost every aspect of social organization In our culture.
The feminist movement Is determined In the reorganiza-
tion of the power equations In our society. Men are the
essential elements In those power equations and we are
because of those privileges that allow us to be there. If
And when we decide to recognize those prrvueges that
allow us to be oppressive. and chose to discard them.-
we as men can declare ourselves pan of llil‘ feminist
movement.

Sonia Johnson Highlights
Women’s Conference

aturday November 12 will be an exciting day
at SUNYA. for it Is the date of the first

Presidential Conference on Feminism in the
Eighties. University President Vincent O'Leary establish~
ed the conference as a dialogue between feminists of the
70‘s and 80's to determine If today's college women are
changing the shape of feminism. if the revolution is over
or Just beginning. and if the feminist Issues of today are
different from those of tomorrow. The keynote speaker
at the conference will be Sonia Johnson.

 

Megan Gray Taylor

 

Sonia Johnson became internationally famous In
1979 when she was formally excommunicated from the
Mormon Church for her active support of the Equal
Rights Amendment (ERA). Johnson Is the author of
From Housewife to f'ferectic. The book describes her
growing awareness of the ERA. her public support for
the ERA. and her excommunication from the Church.
An energetic activist for the amendment and other
women's issues. she organized and participated in a
37-day fast for the passage of the ERA in Illinois In
1982. She also established a feminist think-tank to

be incestuously assaulted before the age of 18 and
thousands of black and hlspanlc women are sterilized
against their will. This violence extends to the economic
place of women as well.

As president she would implement a 50 per cent cut
in our military budget. On her first day as president she
would announce a national emergency plan to reverse
the long standing discrimination. and correct the Im-
balance of power. She would spend her second day in
the oval office In a circle of non—patriarchal women from
around the world. planning to bring arms immediately
and globally under female control (under the premises
that men never made a weapon they didn't use).

On a more realistic note. with the cut in military spens
ding. Johnson would reinstate the humanistic programs
so drastically cut under the Reagan administration. In an
attempt to make the US. the exemplary peace makers
she would withdraw all arms. advisers. troops. and
agents provacateur from countries such as El Salvador.
Nicaragua. Honduras. and Lebanon. Finally it Is for the
children of the world that Sonia Johnson says she ls
running for President. so that there will be a world for
them to Inherit.

Johnson's address at the conference Is titled:

 

brainstorm about the future of the women's movement:
the ideas from that think-tank became the springboard

 

 

doesn't want to be faced with his privileges and Mom
doesn't want to recognize that she's not alone. That may
mean having to do something about it. (Let's note that
there are many women who have listened to their
daughters at Thanksgiving. Chanukah, Christmas and
other holiday dinners as well as during summer vaca—
tions who have changed their lives —— that could mean
leaving their husbands. or going out to work. or back to
school. or getting involved In feminist political work).
For me those arguments were hard and painful. They
were also linked to my coming out as a lesbian and by
the time I was talking to my parents about both I had
made the connections between oppression and sexuali-
ty and had chosen lesbianism not only as a personal
choice but as a political one as well. Well. my parents
couldn't handle either for quite a while. But political
discussions were the main course in my house and
feminism always came up in one form or another.
These discussions were good but the fact that I
couldn‘t talk about my sexuality and share any of my
happiness. sorrows. successes. failures with them made
going home more and more painful and uncomfortable.
I have to say though that five years later. in 1983. my
parents have finally become comfortable and for the first
time have invited my lover of three years home for
Thanksgiving Vacation. (My mother even called and
asked if we wanted to go see "A Chorus Line" this
Saturday. We would have gone but it Is the same day as
the Presidential Conference on Feminism in the ‘80's
and we were both committed to either that or classes.)
My feminism has taken me many place. I've lived In a
to Iii collective with 22 women ver two and one-

half years (actually. the Emma Goldman Collective still

lives on in spirit). I was involved with the women's
studies program here helping to shape the basic course
given — Introduction to Feminism. I've been the token
feminist and lesbian at the Student Association for the
past two and one-half years and that alone has had a
significant effect on my life. as well as the lives of the
people at SA.

When my consciousness was first raised my rage was
so great my anger about men was overwhelming. 1 ad—
mtt. I hated men. and for good reason. Many are
rapists. many are sexual abusers. many are verbal
abusers. many sexual harassers. many are . . . the list is
unending. The bottom line Is that almost all are
mysognist and those who aren't fight hard and con-
tinuously against the socializing forces which teach us all
to denigrate and hate women.

My anger/hatred was very real when I first came to
SA as It is now. but the past two and one-half years have
enabled me to rechannel that energy into positive work.
My ultimate goal for being at SA has been realized —- I
wanted to make sure that the Feminist Alliance and the
minority groups weren't screwed over. and as much as I
could safeguard. they weren't.

I also. as much as was organizationally possible.
brought some feminist ethic to the organization. There Is
now a commitment to women's safety. as evidenced by
Don't Walk Alone. the new escort service. Basically.
I've taken the resources available and used them to our
advantage. Women's Safety Awareness Days was par-
tially SA funded because I knew the resources were
I B . I I r a a

My politics have l-VoIvcd from not wanting anything
more to do with it inaleidenllfied organization to going
back into one And manipulating it In subtle ways for the
overall good of women on campus. I sometimes
wonder If l'm still radiml in fact. I'll be heading down
the the legislature next semester — the bastion of sexism
and misogyny In Albany Will I sell out. will I be cov
'opted? I don't lliilil< so and the reason is simple.
Feminism has given me the strength to stand up to the
boys and work in political ways similar to their's but
much more effective. What It comes down to is that I
know l'm playing their game And know there are others.
They think thclr's is the only one In town.

Again. my beliefs have given me the confidence and
stability to face the boys head one and beat them at their
own. Feminism has also given me the security. though,
of being able to go back to a women's community and
know I'll still be accepted despite the type of work I do
within a male institution I’erhaps one of the most im-
Iportant lessons I've learned IS that all types of political
activity are Important from separatist to mainstream and
that together we can make a strong movement. We
can't make the mistake the male-identified left tends to
make. which Is “it you don’t agree with me. you're
politically Incorrect ii’l)" [felnsldubbed "PO" )5 to.
political ninnolitlis who really don t take in the totality of

feminist (ll‘it nurse riiitl .irtivism.

Fernlni-.iii Is lot .ill of us. in whatever form is comfor-
table. You don't haw to Iltf a lesbian to be a feminist.
although ' i'. liln You iifbil tlnnt have to be radical or
COIWCII‘ it " 0r lililllii"'lly (“"9" - lust committed to

. .

womei nylon  f .. 'I

 

for a larger conference this past summer.
As Thomas Paine was to the Revolution of 1776. so

of Women. Her motto could be a feminist revision of
Paine's “The world Is my country. all womankind are
my sisters. and to do good is my religion."

Sonia likes to point out: “No one‘s ever fought a
revolution for women." Her postscript to that obvserva-
'ion seems to be that she ls gong to see to it personally
that this poor track record changes. Like Susan B. An-

"How can you not be all on fire?"

In this mode of thought. on October 24 Johnson an-
nounced her candidacy for President of the United
States on the Citizen’s Party Ticket. Johnson says she
decided to run for p esident becauSe the current line-up
of male candidates 5 ows that the two major parties are

.still slamming the Old Boy's clubhouse door shut in
women's faces. Women's voices must be heard over the
gunfire of the wars raging around the globe to restore
balance necessary for survival. Johnson feels that the
oppression of women is archtypal of the other oppres-
iions (racism. imperialism. colonialism. etc) plaguing
our society. For her. as long as war Is waged against the
dignity of women in our homes and streets arid offices.
our churches. schools. and courts. we cannot expect to
understand the nature of pe ace. let alone achieve It.

For Johnson. war Is the only appropriate word for
women's lives. More than 2.000 women are raped In

 

 

neatcn by the men they live w

 

Sonia Johnson is to the far more sweeping Revolution .

"Feminism in the 80's: Women Changing the World".
and will be given at 9:00 a.m. in Alumni House
(possibly a Lecture Center If the crowd requires it. check
at Alumni House for details).Johnson. In addition to her
strong stand on women's Issues. is a mother four. holds
‘her doctorate In English and Education from Rutgers
University. and worked as an educator here and abroad
before her feminist awakening. She has been a guest
|speaker at such events as Women's History Week and
the Women's Bar Association Convention. and should
ibring her insight and spirit to the conference this
lweekend.

thony. she looks at women who have not yer awakened ' The conference will continue with an address "Con-
to the urgency of the womens movement and asks: "Kl 0' COOPEMIIOH" P'esenled by femlnlm “Presen-

ting two generations of women. The conference will
then break up into smaller discussion groups and tackle
such topics as "Women of Color and White Women";
"Single and Married Women";"Femlnlsm and Other .
Social Movements: Are They Compatible?" and
"Feminism and Work: Can We Be Feminists on the
Job?" There will be a luncheon address by Dana Cunn-
ingham entitled "Black Women's Fight for Frebdom:
Redefinlg Feminism." From 2:15 to 3:30 pm. the con-‘.
ference will continue with group discussions on
heterosexual and lesbian women. how the feminist
movement has dealt with women at home. and the pur-
pose of women's studies. The third workshop session
'will run from 3:45 to 5:00 pm. and will repeat several
of the above topics as well as discussions on the hostility
towards feminism and how supportive networks work
for feminists. The conference will close with a poetry
reading by Judy Grahn (The Queen 0/ Wands) at Chan-'

this country every day. 50 er cent of women arelnlng Hall. 405 WGShanton Avenue. at 8:30 pm.
V sg'menmes beaten to Registration for the conference Is free and will begin at
death. Incest ls epidemic. One out of four females will 8230 am. In Alumni House.

 

