5;

 

20  ll LII/l N Y S TUDEN T PRESS NOVEMBER /. l 983

 

Harriers suffer letdown;
finish 12th in the States

 

lly Dean Cltutt
IIIIItIRlJI .-t.s.st.sl.is

The Albany State wotrtctt .s cross country teatn suffered a letdowtt ttt
Saturday's State ('hantpiotrship in Hatrtilton. Their 12th place finish I‘ell

   

tire competition.

After tlte big win at tile Capital District meet last week, White ex-
pressed some concern about a possible letdown. llis fears were justified.
“After having that good race last 'weck."said While. “I kttcw that a let-
down was possible. It's ltnrd to eottte tip big week after week. it‘s jttst
unfortunate that ortr biggest letdown Itad to cottte at tlte States."

Tlte 16-team cvertt was domittatcd by Cortland State with 42 points;
llttnter ('ollege took second place with 123 poittts. Albany State's 256
point total was rtot what Wltite was looking t‘or."\'Vith tltc esception ol‘
(.‘ortland. no tcanr was tltttt powerful." said White. “It was art opcrt
race bttt it just wasn‘t ottr day." Albany finished behind teams that
they ltarl already beaten this year.

l'he tcattt might have finished itt tlte middle third it err-captain licte
Dirtmha cotupeted. l)/amha aggravated an ittjnry to Itct tight thiglt last
week. attd tltc Itealittg process has beett slow. White tttarle the decisiort
not to let her ttttt since site was still hobblittg Saturday mot nittg. “My in-
tuition-told tire to keep her out“. cottttnettted “hire. ."I didn't wattt to
risk ltcr seasott by Iettittg lter full. I wottld tatltet hate llcttc lllll stroneg
ttcst week at tile liastcrtts tltan to hate Iter jog along to sate its two
places. I'ittishing itt tlte middle tltitd is desirable. but not at tltat price."

 

leadittg the teattt was cit-captain ls'aten Ktttllts. who eon-red the
.i.|-ntile cottrsc itt l‘):.i4. a rclatitely slow time for Albans ‘s top rttttrtct.
“She‘s had stronger meets." ttoterl White. lier time placed her 14th out
of ‘).i ruttners. Rounding ottt the rest of the learn were Manta Mttltott.
Dottiut lturitham. l-irnta (icorge. Kim l‘ateh arid (lllis Valley. wIto
fittislted .t7th. 64th. 6‘)th. 7er and tilith. respectisely.

Albany was represented by their Ii learn dl Satntday's Albany lll\litl<
tiortal, a meet won by llartwick. Despite personal bests by tottt ol the
five Albany runners. the learn finished lltlt otrt ot I: teams. Although
the windy cottditiotts al'l'ectcd tltc times. llarlwick's ls‘atctt ('assidy still
finished itt iii:()ii. tlte terttlt best tinte esct recorded on the course. As
the women's scasott winds rlowtt. they will hate fewer opportunities to
prove tltier worth. The liCACs take place this weekend attd the
Regionals will follow the weekend after. 'I here won't be any toottr fora
letdown now; the IiCAt's will gi\e Albany tlte chattcc to sltow tltat
Saturday's perfortttancc was ttot a true ittrlicatiott of their talcttt.

 

short of Heart (‘oach Ron White‘s goal to finish lit the middle tltird of

 

 

;

 

Sampson sticksit to San Antonio

[Ions/mt
(AP) Ralph Sampson In his profes-
sional basketball dcbttt showed
himself to he sntart as well as
talented. -

Asa result. the much-anticipated
confrontation between the ilouston
Rockets‘ 7-t'oot-4 rookie against
cement-tough veteran Arlis
Gilmore of the San Antotrio Spurs
wasn't a confrontation at all when
Sampson's team ltad the brill.

instead. Sampson cottecded
(iilmore his strength arid Ito-pound
weight advantage and‘retrcated out-
slde. Wirilc the 7.2. 26(1-pourtd
Gilmore stayed anchored itear the
basket. Sampson had a grand tlrrte
flipping jumpers with the grace of a
gttarrl and stvoopittg dowttcourt on
fasthreaks. now and lllt.‘ll topping
one off with a crushing dunk.

Sampson‘s statistics in Houston's
106-100 victory over the Spurs
Saturday weren’t awe-inspiring —
ltl points. 12 rebounds. four block-
ed shots artd 9-ol'-21 shooting ——
but the grace and skill with wltich
he moved his very tall body around
the court certainly \vere.

While Gilmore is among tltc top
four most effective centers in the
league. away from the basket he is
orrt of iris elctnent. Sampson seem-

,ineg could be comfortable playing

point guard.

The unquestioned hero was
Golden State Warriors casloff
Lewis Lloyd. who excelled with 28
poitrts. 11 rebounds and 10 assists.
hrtt the contest will forever be
retttcrrtbered as Sampson's Debut.

Sampson served warning to other
National ltasketball Association
centers that he has the skills to do

anything necessary to counteract
their strengths.

Rockets (‘oach liiIl Fitch corti-
pared hint to a street figlttct who
will adjust his style to frustrate an
opponent.

“You don't always figltt the satttc
way," said l-‘itch. who made his
debut as Ilottston coaclt after four
years in Iloston. “1 want lritn going
inside. brtt I‘m sure some learns
won't like seeing Ralph taking those
pittle shots out there.

“That was the way the game
flowed.“ Sampson said. explaining
why only six of his points cattle on
close-in shots. ()n defense. of
course. Sampson had to stay with
Gilmore. who hit 62 pcrcertt of Itis
ﬁeld goal attempts last scasort to
lead the NBA. lhtt the veteran was
jttst 6-of-14attd scotcrl 16 poirtts on
Saturday.

Redskins defeat Chargers, 27-24

Sim Hieeo
tAl’) Mtttk Moseley. wlto had miss-
crl fottr ticld goals itt tlte game.
booted a .l7-yatder witlt ttittc
seconds remaining Monday night to
gise the \\".is|tington Redskins a
17-24 National Football league sir"
toty over the San Diego (‘hatgetm

Moselcy's kick dashed a brilliant
fourth-period cotttchack by the
Chargers. who had come from a
24-7 deficit to tie the game 24-24
with 1:52 retttaittirtg on Rolf
licttirscltke's 43-yard ficlrl goal.

After losing a I7~|30llll lead. the
Redskins those 72 yards in nirtc
plays for Moselcy's winning field
goal.

Until the dtatttatic corttebaek. the
Redskins defense ltarl tnade Iil'e
tttiscrable for San Diego quarter-

back l‘d l ttther. who was in—
tetccpted sis times. sacked once and
I‘nrtthled ottce. The Redskins ttttttcd
tltrcc of the interceptions irtto l7
poittts.

llttt the Redskins failed to in-
crease their tttat'gin as Moseley ntiss-
ed field goal attempts of 44. 52. 47
attd .i‘) yards. '

lhett. iii the fourth quarter.
l.lllitcl. a lourth-year pro from San
.lose State who was tnakittg his se-
cortd career start. regaittcd his corti-
posure attrl fired ’I'D strikes of 23
and 27 yards to tight end l’ctc
llololtttrt attd wide receiver \Ves
('handlcr. respectively. in a 4 trial a
half minute span.

t‘handlcr's touchdown. which
closed the gap to 24-21, came with
4:13 left artd capped a 99vyard

drive.

licttitschkc‘s tsing lield goal
came after .latues ltrooks tctnt tied a
punt .10 yards to the \\ ashittgtott 3t)
with 1:50 remaining.

(in the winning dtite.
Washington tillitl IL'IlltlL'k .loe
I'hcisntattn conscttcd a third-arid-
sevett pill) with a sL‘\L'tlg\tlItl corn:
pletiott to running back .loc
Washington to keep tltc dtise ttlitc.
()rtc play later. he hit \vidc tcceiser
Art Monk on a 25-yard gain to the
Redskins‘ 44.

A 15-yard pass to wide tcceiser
(‘harlie lirown with 13 seconds 1L'~
tnaitting adtanced the ball to the
Charger 24. After a lite-yard gain
by Washington. Moseley found the
range for only the tltitd tittte irt his
past it) field goal attempts.

 

STATEWIDE

iwonKSt-tOPsT 
av "IE nos
ON

FRIDAY

For details call

'\ti\l'lll\lllg Libby l'osl
tc\cttue S7 illiiiii
I.t\ont Mary I'rertrlergust
ctlttt . 495-29043

»- I’irotoionrnalistu 

shooting for a ltc'\\sptt|tt‘l
use of photos ttt a new spapct
wI-UIA artd Open Meetings
~ Radio Newswritittg
‘l’llllllt,’ Relations
~ l'uhlie lrtl‘ortttation

 

 

FIVE CEN'T EPOSI‘T INCLUDED
- . m VEND PRICE
REDEEM AT

("KNIVme
ATMBA/WM
'llﬂkl. m ' IIIM' MI 10.! till

9am. - 4p.m.
BARBER SHOP 9a.m. - 4:30pm.
BOWLING ALLEY 10am. - 10p.m.
KUMQUAT CAFETERIA 9mm. - 5am.
ON'CAMPUS SUB SHOPS 9P4". - 12M

 

 

STUDENT MEDIA
CONFERENCE

SATURDAY
SUNDAY

(( l i" {1‘ 

 

 
  
   
    
       

lit.‘ v

“A?

 

AWN FoOd'CReiiaaami

      
   

iilniuzruitu Atrxrtruru E‘t‘rutttu E'pttuuurch [A

n. lanthanum

SPEGIAL I'lllllES WElIlllMEIl-
til “8 Pill IHII SPECIAL occlslﬂll

, ONLY TH€ NAM€
is EXPENSIVG.’

EVERY FRIDAY EVENING IN THE PATRIJON RUUM
——-—~—-— sari-ant ——W-—-——— '

tr % @mim 5414/. war-4555

HMPUS HNTER MEAL CARD DINNER OPTION AECEPiED

 

lllll’l‘ YOII Miss llEIll

Willi VOII.

 

 

 

 

 

 

By Tom Kacandes
SPORTS EDIIUR

Every once in a while you get a
team that has proven potentirtl. but
goes along doing less titan they
could until the clouds clear and in a
magic moment it all comes
together. It must have been just that
kind of moment for Bob Mttnsey,
Head Coach of the Albany State
men's cross-country team when he
saw a stream of gold com- across
the line at the 17th Albany interna-
tiortal. The Danes had a near
perfect day that saw tirerrt finish se-
cond of 15 learns. The teatrt race
was won ortt tttld away by an im-
proved Siena squad that finished
with 44 points to Albany's 78 points
and tire University of Rochester's
85 points.

Albany's second place finish was
as good as the team has done in the
last eight years arid a marked irri-
provement over last year's weak
tltlrd place effort. The victory over
perennial powerhouse ltochester
was a pleasant suprlse for Dane
fans, but actually rerttairted in
doubt up until the last mirtrtte. Said
junior eo-eaptain Jim Erwin. ‘fAt

Danes Ioso'

<Bagk Page

“it shouldn’t ltave been a ball
game. Someone's got the ltortts on
us this year.”

I’AW PRINTS: Senior lloh llrlett.
in his final game on University
Field. set 1| new Great Dane record
for yards received in a single game
with 143. This smashed Scott
(.‘uslter‘s record of “6 set itt I977...
Mllittto also did some record setting
of his owrt. Ills 29 attempts. 15
completions atttl 290 yurrls are all

'the ntile mark Rochester had a lot
of the top 15 and we sort of sifted
ahead of them as they fell back and
We moved it up.”

The Danes really ran on the
strength of their trrrrnber four arid
five rurtners. jttttior Ed Mc(ii|l attd
sophomore Craig l’arlato. who ran
close behind Albany‘s front runners
to give the tearrt an incredible
ll-second spread that Rochester
couldn‘t heat.

.Ittnior Cr)-(.‘aptttitt Chris Callaci
was Albany's first man. finishing
on 26:27 to take l0tlt plttce overall.
Erwin was sccortd itt 14th place with
his personal-best time of 26:32.
Sophotrtore Ian Clements ottce
again proved his consistent talent
by finishing tough in the thick of
the pack at 26:34 attd 16th place
overall. Mc(iilI showed a return to
his fortucr strengths it) his near best
26:37 pet‘ormance which earttcrl
lrltn 18th place. wltilc I’arlato
stnasltcd his best ever titnc witlt his
26:38 effort which placed him 20th.

The Dattes went to Franklin Park
.in Boston. Massachusetts where
|they will cotnpetc lit the IC4A's to
day. l 1

records. Mllano also set season
records In rtll three categories with
two games left In file season... The
Danes led the game lrt all offensive
categories: rushing. 170-69; passing
290-242., The (treat Danes were the
first team to erttclr the 14-point hur-
rler against Alfred... A graphic ex-
ttmple of the wind Is the average
yardage per punt: with the whirl the
teams printed 3 times for tttt average
of 33.3 yttrtls Including ll 36-yarder
tltut Mttrlr I’iersotnonl angled ottt at
the one yurrllltte. wltllc against lite
wlrtrl there were 9 pttttts for a 20
yard average.

 

NOVEMBER 1.1983 in ALBANY STUDENTPRESS spans 21

li‘rttt

 

» Men harriers second in Albany lnvitatiOnal

ED MARUSBICN UPS

The man's cross country team turned in a strong performance by taking second place in the Albany

Invitational on Saturday.

Boaters fall in SUNYACs

<Back Page

her goal kicks cotttc right bttck
toward Iter. Nevertheless. site per-
formed admirably iii the goal.

For many players on this Albany
learn. Saturday's, game will be
remembered as more of a battle
against tltc wind titan as a battle
against the Ilrockport Golden
Eagles.

As for the State (‘harrtpionships.

'the Danes were selected as the first

alternate. They will not participate
unless one of the teams drops out.

The Danes have every reason ‘to
call this 1983 season very successful.
Playing most of the year with a
handful f irtjttries. Albany still com-
piled a winning record. Much of the
.‘redit should go to Coach Kidder
ttnd her staff. Kidder said. “The
kids steadily improved the last one-
tltird of the season; they payed
great ball. The season was very en-
joyable."

 

 

The women booters
ended the year with an
8-7-1 record; catch
their year in review in
Sports Friday.

 

 

 

Software galore!

I the

 

lL

Nobody carries more models. We have hundreds
of books and magazines. We even carry robots. ‘

Hewlett-Packard. Commodore. Eagle. Franklin.

E son. Texas Instruments Professional. Atari,
S nclair. Coleco Adam. Androbot.

Communicating micros our specialty...let us turn
your micro into a terminal.

We‘re the area’s largest computer store.

- I I computer
I I I cellar

Westgate Plaza. Central & C
Albany. New York 12206

Open weeknights 'tll 9. Saturday 'tit 6

olvln Avenues
482—1462. 482—1463

 

 

 

at _

Alumni Quad
Brubacher Ballroom

Friday, Nov. 4
9:00 p.m.

$|.75 w/tax sticker. $2.00 without. $l.$0 members

The Greek and Cypriot Student Association Presen

The Greek Party

-'R0ck n’ Roll
Greek music
and dancing
i Lots of lung

.Ouzo, Crook
Wino, Door, .
Soda, Hunchlo

1

 
  
  

 

SA. FUNDED h

 

 

 

 

 

 

