     
    

.—_«‘..-.:w .
. .DI

t
‘i

,. _.«_m.‘-...~ a" '

 

V-v v1...

«ﬁreworﬁ; "a

... —w~.

i
i

. w —- -1...
i

-‘ -—-‘~ M a» i» New-’90....“

 

mm..- a.. ....__,__ p

F

E

B

1 .

5 rylng to review more than one ‘
concert at a time Is difficult

1 because ultimately. the reviewer

9 draws (usually absurd) comparisons bet-

5 ween two bands .which might be so dif-

3 ferent in the first place that they shouldn't

be Judged'ir'i the same context. But. In this
case. we are lucky enough to have the op-
portunity to have two bands that not only
share the same historical roots. but also
play a very similar type of music. When
Adam and the Ants first appeared. the
music scene was In the midst of a major
revolution. Adam Ant (who had previously
existed under the Pseudonym Stuart God-
dard) and his band. the Ants. played the
Sada-masochistic rock following the
fashionable sound of a 1976 London.

Lisanne Spkolowski
and
Metin Ulug

Since that time a dozen or so musicians
have come and gone and the act now is
billed simply Adam Ant. The remaining
members of the band fell into the hands of
one Malcolm McLauren. who can be best
described as a rock and roll shyster. and
who had recently stumbled Into notoriety
with his biggest scam to date. managing the
Sex Pistols. He happened to come across a
then fourteen-year-old refugee named An-
nabella and. promptly pairing her up with
three refugees from Adam and the Ants.
named them Bow Wow Wow. The scene is
now three years later and many miles away
where both of these bands are booked into
the Capital District's finest Theaters:
February 8th Adam Ant played Albany's
Palace. and two days later Bow Wow Wow
played Proctor's Theater in Schenectady
Here we have the opportunity to see two
bands that play the same music but choose
different paths to relate it to their audience.

 

A Feather

 

Lzl was a fan of Adam's back when Dirk
Wears White Sox was only found at
Larkbeat. and going to the show made me
feel like an oldtlmer. both musically and
chronologically His audience appeal is so
young- there were kids in front of me that
couldn't have been over ten years old. in a
way. it affected how l saw the show. Adam
came off as a more clever manipulator of
kiddie-pop appeal. How can a man feel
serious about himself when prepubescents
are wearing war paint and striped sweaters

 

Note: Since reviewer's are real people. too.
the article is in dialogue form.

hey laughed, When l told iriy
friends l was going to sue a group
called Robert Hazard. they laugh
ed Loudly “Who are guys.
anyway)" "Obscurity knows. no bounds "
“Don't wasti' your liiiiL‘ " Thi-y lauglit'd
Still. how Hlistlln’ can a band by that has
played belon- trowds of .ltl titit) pmiplo ’ ls
obscurity topping the charts in our of the
nations major cities? (it is it. as Rolling
Stone put it a rock event waiting to hap-
pen Of course. there was orth iiiit- way to
find out Last Saturday. iii ihi' fV’liit'iii'il
room at R l’ l . Robert Ila/aid gave us a
taste of their iilist'tiiily it tasted good

"these

Joel Greenberg

Hazard hails froin Philadelphia. the city
of brotherly love. This is the towti that
brought you Frankie Avalon. Hall St Oates.
Frank Rizzo. l)er Clarke. Todd Rundgren
and Sylvester Stallone Along with the
Hooters and the A's. Hazard is part of the
new Philly Sound. alrriost 20 years since
South Street's last heyday. (Where do all
the hippies meet? South Street. South
Street). His sound has set Philly afirc. and
now the group is ready to test the waters
away from home. R.P.l. was a test of the
groups showrnanship. professionalism.
tenacity. and humor ThL 5' proved
themselves splendidly.

Hazard opened the 90-minute set with a
fast-paced tune from his independently
produced RP “Robert Hazard" called “I
Just Want To Hang Around With You".
The crowd of mostly college students and a
few pseudo-punks enjoyed Hatard's new
material as well as the more popular songs
from his F..P. such as "Escalator of Life"
and "Out of the Blue". By the end of the
concert. the crowd tossed aside their chairs
and boogied in the isles. Being an excellent
dance band. the build hopper] through
“Change ReactionH as Hazard himself
serenaded a girl iii the audience Hazard

 

 

. ..-~_.-Wrwiz;gg.g;~cieizamw

and are shrieking at him?
i liked the show eventually. but my

breathed new life into Dylan's “Blowin' in
the Wind" (lliL‘ii only cover). and perform»
ed a crowd pleaser from the flip of "W"
new "Escalator" single entitled "Say. Yo"
(as in ‘Sny. yo Adlliillillu‘. l did it!)

llazard is a group of good solid [)L’T-
forincrs. liven though l'lazarrl's voice was
siiiiiL’lliiiL'S overpowered by the music. ltL‘
was in control from the minute llt' went on
lltizard's unpretentious stage presence antl
lns lyrics were accented well by his hand
Never did Jerry Weindul's synthesizer ever
play out front screaming "listen to me"; in
stead, the band used today's technology as
background to help create a mood
Hazard's live performance may best i1.
described as a cross between Bruce t’tlil
ingstein and l’rank Sinatra. and mathI not
Hazard is as classy as Sinatra and he gives
his all in a concert like the Boss. yet he is
Robert Hazard, and he's refreshingly
honest.

In an ASP interview. Hazard talked
about himself and his band “Life is my in
splratlon." he said. "I was a folk singer for
years." He played in a Reggae band for a
while before he formed Robert Hazard over
three years ago. After juggling some per-
sonnel. the band now consists of Bob Miller
on Bass. John Lilley and Mike l’illa on
Guitars. Ken Bernard on drums. and Jerry
Weindel on keyboards. “We played the
Philly bar scene for a while. and people
started asking us when we were going to
release an album...We cut the F..P. in two
days and we expected it to still 10.000
copies. It sold 60,000.. ” The major record
companies heard about their sticcess in
Philly and Hazard signed with R C.A.
They will release air album of completely
new'rnaterlal later this year and their videos
will soon be on MTV.

Hazard and his fellow musicians are
honest. sincere people. Talking to him is
like talking to an old camp counselor. he's
relaxed and treats people with dignity and
humor. He hasn't yet been caught up in

come back to play three cncores. They the rock n'roll hype machine. As mad

 

.. “Swan...

 

 

People

respect for Adam as an artist was let down.
i think success has gone to his head: the
opening in particular- heavy orchestration.
spotlights on each band member as they
did a patent piece of choreography- pure
pomposity! Regrettably, it was one of the
worst displays of separation between a
preformer and his band members l've ever
seen. He might as well go solo with taped
accompaniments.

Mil'd agree with that. Musically. lam not
a difficult person to please- all I require
from a performer is sincerity and vibrant
communication with an audience. Up until
the end of the concert. Adam looked like a
one-dimensional cartoon character. His
Village People meets Gladys Knight
choreography made him look like a self-
mocklng parody.

LrAs a woman though. I've got to admit
I've started wearing my "Ant" buttons more
again. He's a highly sensual performer who
plays to your ears. and well. other parts of
your body too. When he peels off his shirt
and does muscleman poses over a red
light. a girl tends to forgive some of the
more egotistical aspects of the show.
Adam's finale was seductive. and i think 1'"
stay an Ant person for awhile yet. How
about Bow Wow Wow though? You've
followed alot more of Annabella than i
have - did she live up to expectations?

M: Well. i thought she was only one
member of the band - that's part of the pro-
blem i had with Adam's show. when it got
good. he was still doing the same thing as
when It was bad , it was the change in the
band. especially Marco's inspired guitar

work. that made the difference. With Bow
Wow Wow. the sound was a lot rawer. (In-
cidentally. I would vote whoever was
responsible for setting the sound level at
Proctors the Pete Townshend DEAF EAR
AWARD [or Volume Aboue and Beyond
the Pain Threshold) and the band was able
to engage In a one-on-one relationship
with the audience. Annebella is a pretty

'3 aspects on raceway”

Candy For-Ant

Wow Wow lies in their drummer. who
slnglehandedly put out a better display of
old syncopated African rhythm sound than
Adam's two drummers could. I suppose
that when the Adam Ant show reached it‘s
peak, they were superior to Bow Wow
Wow. but over all i think that Adam could
use a healthy dose of the energy that Bow
Wow Wow has.

L: Annabella is wildly energetic - the
one number where she was dancing iii
front of the strobe light had everyonu lli llit.’
aisles dancing. She plays her audienrv lii‘t>
ter. over all. handing out the microphone.
holding poses for the PlTOlOgi'aldh'tgl
creating energy out there and then fL‘tlilltig
back off it. The one thing I really finltt‘t‘tl
was that "Bowwowwow" and "Annabella"
are not synonymous. The band played
while she took a break backstage and they
were tight. Special effects like staggering
amounts of dry ice certainly added air extra
dimension to their instrumental as well "[
Want Candy". “£330. (.01). C90. (inf
were better live than any recording . Wliitl
couldn't always be said about Adam's
songs. A large majority of his fairs only
knew “Goody Two Shoes". and maybe
“Stand and Deliver". so perhaps they
couldn't recognize the unfamiliar... i was
lost. they completely revised standards like
“Los Rancheros" so I couldn't rccogntlt’
the first 20 bars. lt detracts from the iliiliiil
reaction to a song if you can't tell What it is
Bow Wow Wow stays truer to the original
cut -- on dance music that isn't a bad trim

M: Ithlnk the most significant difference
b-tween the two shows was that while Aiit
was concerned with the superficial image.
that his horn players be in perfect step. nilltl
spending more time posing and showing
off his chest. Bow Wow Wow just waiituti
to play their music. no pretentious, no
fashion statement. i thought that Adam
was a living example of how twisted itit'h
music can become. How far frorii llit‘
original point can we get?

 

good singer. but the true talent ln Bow

Hazard Hits Home

 

Robert Hazard hits R.P.I. '3 Macneil Room

 

L: Hey. leave his chest out of this!

 

 

manager Chuck Darrow said after the
show. "We've been really lucky; we’ve
never had to sell Robert Hazard; people
have been willing to see them." Indeed
Hazard is becoming popular around the
country. "Would you believe Tuscon""
dSlt‘i Hazard. '
This was Hazard's first headline perfor-
mance in the area. They previously open-
ed for the Motels. "We didn't get too good
a reception (at the Palac . said Hazard
v Yet. things are changing. They have been
getting airplay in Albany Even though
PYX 10f) has played "Escalator of Li(e"
not yet tlrru.I to crank it up for a rock

 

 

I block of Robert Hazard.

Robert Hazard performes for pi'IiPli'
who like good music and a great llVl.‘ i“'l
formance. They have found ardent litli'i
wherever they‘ve played. When liohi‘tl
Hazard returns to this area in (i to H \Vt't’l‘»
hopefully they'll still be able to play A ~“i-“i
club. as getting to know Hazard is as llltlt ii
fun as his music.

00-
Robert f'Iazard lUth formerly lurorrn a»
"Robert Hazard and flit: llr'rocs" htii dri'i’
per! "the flames" nnnic bt‘l‘tlltSt‘ of ih'tw”
iiL'l changes. The group liliti' is hittitt‘fl as
"Robert Hazard ". ‘

 

 

 

 

 

"’:‘.Wﬁ:1“'*n.xum..um . ..-... 1..."...

“3- .-

.......... army 4: a:

 

The Winded War

or several weeks now. we have

been inundated with all manner

of reports on The Winds of War.
ABC's 18 hour. seven night epic has
become almost a cottage industry. Any in-
terested party knows how much it cost.
how long it took to film. how it was cast
and various other gossipy but irrelevant tide
bits. But in the final analysis. all that mat»
ters is what flickers across the screen for
those seven nights. Now that the smoke
has cleared and the show can be viewed
apart from its publicity. it looks like ABC's
gamble paid off both artistically and coni-
mercially. However. if the latter's success ls
unqualified. the farmer‘s certainly Is not.

Mark Rossier

One of the most surprising things .ihout
the program was that. though filmed for
television. it was made With a tlt't'itlt'tlly
i'ini'rnalit M’li‘sllilllli.’ The story is told in
lrilur si‘iiiu's rather than the ~.lioit. ilioppy .
out"; that iiiako tip tnost l'V fari' Ailili
tioiiallu. llll’ i-tliit‘iit work .tlioiirili liiil l
vspi'iiallv liilllllllliili'll. |l\'llli)ll5ill‘tli‘\ an ‘
iillt’llllll to make tlni lilitilliili ipiii. lit‘lttlllt'll l

 

 

the story rather than simply record it.

Equally surprising is the lack of soap
opera in the plot (at least until the last two
nights). Admittedly Natalle‘s relationship
with Byron is rendered in icredibly
melodramatic and contrived terms. but
melodrams is not soap opera. Herman
Wouk's teleplay is remarkably restrained
(even more than his novel which supplies
lengthy background sagas on most of the
major characters) In fact. the only time the
story falters is when he avoids the war and
attempts to give his characters outside
lives. The most obvious examples are
Rhoda's ridiculous affair with Palmer Kirby
and Pug's uncousuniated relationship with
Pamela Tudshnry \Uliti'ltlll‘tlt'kllliusly keeps
popping up throughout the show's iii
hours

Writik's lliiijtit [itiililt’tii «veins to he that.
own With ‘it“.t'ii nights he still has trouble
it'lltiiij lil‘i story llt' lt'aws out small. but
cohesive tlvtaih wrtli irritating cart'li'ssni'ss
l’oi «'sainplt'. \vln'ii l'tltl iii-.i li\‘t'i‘- that his
llrililllilt'l is working iii ha U.‘ Yriih ‘wllI' asluu
hurt if 'illt' I air l'.i'|’li lil'i liil‘ iiitl trot it'lllllt
to in fluid llo it" liiiii-l‘ lliat lit' will “talli ii

|i\’|’l with hot flit tin-r" -illll that a If v lanl
\vt' limit of it Um llI \I'l l'.iiti\| ll .lli\,' i «iii
\.i'rsatiriii \’\'t‘l 'ril‘.‘ -. .ii.-ii- 'iit .ian What

.liw i‘iliili i‘i iI'iit l.i‘il

Similarly. '."I’ um fNiilJllt‘
l’olanrl (\ylii-iu -.ln' .iiiil liyion inst happi'ii
l1)l‘l'lllt‘fliIVllt'ltilt’llii‘lliViiSItill)lill‘iill'1;
aritl 'illtltlt’lilV in l‘art ti llt' is in Russia.
Wllt’li’ ho ilt'l‘» tln‘ \iillll’iii and how lui
ktu‘iWs about lllt' ‘rliliiiillli'l and what liap
pens to the pit turns itlh'i ho tth'H lltt‘iii iii
Slotc are all that it'lltiilli
unanswered.

lti fart. lliL‘Il‘ are at least as
unanswered questions as there
answered ones (especially with the ab-
surder abrupt curling that leaves over half
the characters unaccounted for) This is
partially because of Wouk's uneven pacing.
The first 4 parts were fairly thorough wrth
events moving along clearly and slowly.
but the last three episodes carecn along
faster than The Dukes of llozord.

It takes Byron and Natalie until Part 3 to
fall in love and Part 4 to get engaged. Then
suddenly between 5 and 0 they marry.

-. tllit lt l’u'rivl in

questions

many
artl

become separated by the cruelties of war.
he joins the Navy and she becomes preg-

 

 

n essential element in judging any
album is the production quality.
A poor production can break
even a great album. Despite the superb
production on the recently released Art in
Arrierico and Shari Ulrich's Talk Around
Town. these albums will probably not get
the attention they deserve. "—

Robert Schneider

Art in America is the name of the group
as well as of the album. The band members
are all brothers and sisters. but are not at all
reminiscent of family sounds like the
Jackson 5 or (God forbid) the Osmonds.
Art in America is currently on tour and are
reported to be an excellent live band. This
would not be noteworthy except that the
band consists of only three people. yet their
album sounds as if there are ninty people
helping out.

This record is set up wisely both
economically and artistically with one of
the strongest cuts leading off the album.
The name of the song is (would you
believe?) “Art in America"l (These folks
must have a hard time making up names).
Chris Flynn. who does most of the singing.
has a beautiful. haunting voice especially
evident on this track. One gets a cenatn
hint of Yes, notably on the bass-line of
many of the songs.

The songs tend to be a bit on the slow.
rich side. An exception is “Sinatra
Serenade" which while being more up-
tempo retalns the velvety sound. The fact
that this sound never gets too rich or heavy
is a credit to the production.

in addition to Chris Flynn singing and

 

playing guitar. brother Don handles drum-
. ___‘___________’

'“Jlir..i.5ii

ming and percussion. while sister
Shlshonee (don't ask) does a marvelous
job on backing vocals and string harp. Her
harp play fits in so well that it intertwines
with the rest of the music. occassionally
moving forward to demand our attention.
“Won't It Be Strange" standouts out on this
album for a couple of reasons. First. there
Is no harp on it; and it differs also in its
march-like beat. Towards the end. a
definite Beatles-influence is obvious. chief.
ly in the harmonies.

The album cover is annoyingly cryptic
on the who’s who behind the high quality
production. Eddy Offord produced. but a
strange trio named Luongo-Machat-Smith
are the executive producers. Somebody
named T. Lavitz plays keyboards. with Jim

 

   

 

 

nant and gives birth. Moreover. while the
early part of their relationship is graphically
detailed. the news of her pregnancy and
delivery are merely related to us in the form
of telegrams received by Byron. Worst of
all is the ending that leaves Natalie and her
baby ﬂoating somewhere ln‘the ocean and
Byron heading for the North Atlantic to be
with her even though she's no lotiger
there.

One final note about Wouk's teleplay.
Though it is a common literary device to
tell the history of an event through one
central character. when that event is World
War II. credibility is bound to be strained.
No matter how logically the events are ex-
plained (or in some cases not so logically) lt
secrris odd to sue Pug meeting Roosevelt.
Churchill. Hitler and Staliii as well as
witnessing the war in England. Germany
and Russia lwforo llll’ U S t'iitvis It's as if
iln' war in lollowrng l’ug. not the other way
viililtlitl

l haw now lil't'll iaipiiui for several
,iaratiiaphs about .i show that. lllllliillU l
tl-iililt’tl to lit’ ltillll of. this 1': lariit'lv
lii-ianst' it i'i lttilill nasu'i iii Iilt' \vliat IN
wrong uith l’lic Hrlilltfs oi iti'ni than what in
right with ll tilti'n. llti' lliiillliiii] worn» to
i- oik in spite of il‘itlll

lllt' at ting of .i solid t ml of pi: this-annals
lilii\l|ll“r a pi’tlt‘i‘l r‘\aiii]ilt' lln'v .rli' alilt'
to lump things moving along 4 ll'illlllV t-vi'ii
though some of lllt‘lll iilt’li'l uspi-t'iallv
qrnirl .laii Mii'liar-l Viin t'lil in paint tilar
«wins to lliitiinli‘t It's not that lit-"i hail so
nun h as ho's lliit t’il-illl llr' iaii't dot Itlt' il
lll' want-i to play liyron as a romantic lead.
a youthful rebel or a man who can't stand
the fact that he's a tarbon copy of his
father His performance is .i mass, but Vlii'
cunt comes off better than he might
because at least these qualities arc
characteristics of Byron.

Roler Mitchurn is only slightly better.
Despite the fact that he is the leading
character. Pug is essentially one-
dimensional. He is all stoic militarism of the
old Spartln school. He rarely does
anything but say “yes Sir. Mr. President."
However. it is a tribute to Mitchurn that he
somehow makes the part work. He does
indeed hold the show together just as the
patriarch is supposed to. Since he doesn't
do anything in the way of acting (Pug i5

Kuha on bass. No matter who did what on
this album. the fact remains that it's a really
nice surprise.

Another nice surprise can be found on
Shari Ulrich's Talk Around Town. The San
Francisco native has had two other solo
albums. but this is. the first of her three
albums to be released in the United States.
She is most well known in Canada where
she won the Juno Award for Most Promis-
ing Female Artist in 1981. She was
previously a member of the Hometown
Band.

Ulrich opens this album with a neat little
tune called "You're Making Me Nervous".
She has a nice style of singing. it's kind of a
cross between Cindy Bullens and the

‘ lilH' it ’ l or one thing llll’ show 1-. math! Willi

 

    

 

MY ' I l 4 I ' h L. ' ‘ aspects on tuesdayg

F
E
B

mainly a device to tie everything together) '
his success must be attributed to that 5
mysterious characteristic known as star

quality.

Unexpectedly. Polly Bergen comes off 9
best as Pug's superficial. but sincere wife.
Equally good was David Dukes as Natalle's
second choice. .lohn Houseman does his
usual fine job in his usual role of the wise
old man. He has played this part so many
times. it would be embarasslng if he weren't
good at it. »

This now brings us to the question of All
\facGraw. Her performance seems to be
one of the series' most talked about
elements. provoking strong opinion on
both sides. Let me say that l have always
been a fan of MacGraw's. While i will con-
:cdc to her detractors that she does have a
stiliiL‘Wllﬁl lnexpressive face and
sometimes appears to be trying too hard. I
have always found her to he a fascinating
screen prest'iict' l loiiinl liter performance
t'lrliVliit'lllg and t’tifli|'tt‘lllii§l

“to. il 1 don't liloI lltt' story. hate the on
thin; aird think only hall the rasl tan act.
what you an) prolialily it‘lliiilt'iiilg is. tlltl |

lil'lt' .inrl lllli'll'ill‘liit' llit’lt' iii an intrudi-
l‘li' .nrioiiiii til history that to tho host of my
lia vli'ilgr'. t‘i liiltli) .uitiialt’ Rati'lv tlU
thin-w. of this iriaitiiituiiu liotln'r with tlit!
not :al and politital tilt niiisiaiiws around
l‘tiiopt'. Wonk is. able to show \i‘i what In
happening on all fronts sitniillaiu‘ously
l’hi-r Ht‘fihi‘ of history is heightened furthi-r
by Jackson Detioviii's fine sets and
rostumtis

l‘i-rhaps l'lii' Winds 0/ War succeeds
iawd on sheer si/e aiitl scopcl Rarely did
illt‘ 1H hours lag (something that couldn't
be said of any other dramas of comparable
length) arid it is made by people who are
committed to doing It right. Producer-
Director Dan Curtis has taken on an in-
credible task and except for the problems
with Wouk's script. he has pulled it off. The
Winds of War is pure show biz. and movie-
niaking of the old Hollywood school. It
may have fallen apart during the last six
hours and it is certainly no work of art. but
this Show kept l.a|f of the country glued to
the television for seven nights and that is no
small feat. l,

Wilson sisters of Heart, Robbie Buchanan.
who plays keyboards on this one. has been
to the Devo school of creative synthesizers.
where l'm sure he got straight A's. Marty
Walsh gets to play the obligatory guitar in-
terlude. a non—important task which he
nonetheless handles well.

Throughout most of the album. Ulrich
sings with a sarcastic tinge in her Voice.
almost daring to sound strange. but this is
definitely not the case on “l'm Not The
One". it's a real tearjerker both In tempo
and lyrics. She could have really screwed
this one up if she had stuck to the style of
the rest of the album. luckily she didn't.
She shows us a sweet. angelic voice that
evokes empathy from most listeners. it's a
nice change. Michael Kalanj's Hammond
Organ plays an important if not
understated role on this one.

Although this record isn't as well produc-
ed as Art ln America. Claire Lawrence
does a very good job. The musicians are
blended to perfection on "Mad Money".
Nathan East. on bass. interacts well with
Walsh and drummer Mike Baird. Ulrich's
vocals are layed down well. in conjunction
with a rich set of backing vocals.

The album does have its weaker
moments. specifically the second side.
Why do so many albums fall ﬂat after the
first side? This album would have been
more successful if some songs had been
dropped. perhaps even if it had been an
EP. Ulrich wrote most of the words and
lyrics. and she shows alot of promise. Her
band fits together well. obviously a crucial
element. ‘

Both these acts deserve a listen. The

 

producers have done there jobs well. very L

well indeed. —

