  

 

 

  
   
  
 
    
  
  
   
   
  
   
 
   
  
 

   
   
    
  

 

    
 
  
  
  
  
    
    
  
   
  
  
 
   
 
    

 
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
    
  

.4 9t-..

 

 

a w» 0—... 

   
 

 
 

    
  
   
     
  
 
  
 
   
   
 
  
   
   
    
 
  
    
  
    
    
   
 
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
    
  
  
 
   

  

8 Flyers: April 16 - 805: May 11 ~ Modern
3 English

Yesterday's (489-8060)

April 8&9 -« Chaser

Skinnints (436-8301)

April 8 — Tire Capital Stars; April 9 --—
Gordon Grey

Lark Tavern (463-9779)

April 8&9 —— Mary Cusblng. Alanna l-‘lt-
Igeraid; April iii - Russ Clemens: April
14 — Gina DiMaggio
Eighth Step Collee
(434-1703)

Every Tues nite — OPEN STAGE ~ 15
minutes [or anyone. béglniiiiig at H 45 pm.
April 8 — CUIliiritlrIllCL’i April 9 l’cii-
Smith Band; April iii —- Malt l'irrrme
Cagney’s (403-9402)

April 8&9 - The Mannequins

The Chateau ('ltil'r-‘llthﬂ

April 9 Thu iJrongos, April 2H
Richard lit!” rillil the Voidorris

i7 Clancy's (402-90235)

April 8&9 Atlt'l

288 Lark (402 9148)

[)1] on weekends

September's 1459-8440)

April 8-12 Mrixs

Bogart's MHZ-9797)

Downtime on Weds iirius. Aprii
Drougos, April 14 w Woody \lrnw
Justin McNeil's (42in 7003s“)

April 12! l:ttt'titl'r .l.r.'/ iirind
Palace Theatre (4o5 't.‘t.’i.t)

April 17 (‘onimy l'urtti. liniliic
Milioiwii Min; 111 l.\lri\.'ltrt| iriiimiirs
Troy Music Hall (217100“)

April ‘) l\il<ai,li~lll l-rlr.rrl-.nr l‘ir) linirrl.
April 213 The (irogg ‘inritlr \riiigi-rs
Cale Lena. Saratoga

April til-ll) - Bob Franke. April 11! 11'»
Robin & l.rrid.i ‘Alllllittlt-u, April lfrrkltr
Scot Alritlk

House

The

(93%
Q0?‘

1) REM
2) Bananarama
3) Style Council

Murmur
Deep Sea Skirting
"Speak Like A Child"

4) Lou Reed Legendary Hearts
5)U2 War
6) Culture Club "Time"
7) Roxy Music The High Road
8) Naked Eyes Naked Eyes

9) Richard Barone and James Mastro Nuts
a n d Bolts
10) Nick Lowe The Alrorriinalrle Showman

11) Men At Work "Overkill"
12) Heaven 17 Heaven 17
13) Prince 1999

14) Martha and the Mullins
15) Start

Dance l’arc

Look Around

1(1) Ministry "Work For Love"
17) Mlcliael Jackson Thriller
ill) OMD Dazzle Slit/is
19) Tire Embarrassment l)crrtli Tram-ls
W e s t

20) Red Rockers

 

'r.:-.1nr»tM,i-rrtv"a mow-:2 ._. .5. .-uumu n-r -

 

i
i

_4~. ~« . ... w!’-.~‘W¢~u

m 1;. .5; nor-nadir

New York City Cafe ll (459-9566)
April 8&9 — Clrita Consuelo and her

Pauley's Hotel (405-8203)

April 8&9 -- Tire Rhythm Boys

ASUBA FEST

Siit.. April 23 at Hpin at the SUNYA gyrrr
featuring Aurra. Soul Sonic Force. Kurtis
Blow. Tkts $7 w/trtx card. ‘58 w/out (or
more liiio call 457-3300

A S
S
- ectrum
C
T
5 music
g Gemini Jazz Cale (462-0044) backup band
R Thurs-Sat —— Fats Jefferson. Walter
Young; Sunday 8: Monday — Martha
8 Gallagher. lari Hunter
Hulla Blloo (436-1640)
. April 8&9 — Alecsiar; April 15 -— Tire

movies

International Film Group (4537-8390)
April 8 -— The tree Penny Opera. 7:30.
10:1)“. LC 1.

University Cinema (457-8390)

1. April 3&9 -~ Star Trek 11 - The Wrath oi
Khan. 7:30 10:00. LC 7, 2. April 8-9 —
Caddy Shack. 7:.'i(l. 10:00 LC 18
Fireside Theatre (4578390)

April 1.'i -- ll-trder They l’all. bi pin. CC
Assembly “All

Third Street Theatre (4130-4428)

April 8-10 — A Clockwurk. 7 Si 9.45;
April 11 ~ 2001' A Space Odrlyscy. 7 Iii)
only; April 12 14 Has lioot (The limit).
7'30 only. April 1H - An owning with
french llimnrrrkt'r Agnes Vriitlrl 7.30 - crril
shin-4 197 (or more info.

Madison Theatre (489-5431)

The Verdict 700 Sr 9-le

UA Hellman (459-53122)

(Ii-Ittllltli Fililrly 8.00 p in , ‘s'nt 81 Sun
1.440.315; 1:11 if. 7 Jill

Hellman's Colonie Center Theatre
(459-217(1)

l The Block St-illioii iii-turns J. .i’Filr
5 '15. 7.15. 9 4i) if Monty l'ytltini's 'l'
Ml’iilllltti oi l.tli' 1.‘ -l, in H. ii) i
Cinema 1 - 6 i459 Hitittit

l "iptittfl liii-iik L.‘ .704 ;,’ti ,' it!» ‘i t'i
'.' I'iiotsiri l-(i -l l’r 'lil’r 'l l“
llt‘i irill l ill 745,111 -1 \rtkrrlilirilt
\iirili‘s 1 iii. ’r'lli. liliti Kilo. i 1,]

Hi). "i ’ili (will, ‘l 11). tr Muir

Woman. and Child 1 (1.0.4 ii iii), 0- if.

3 PAC Recital Hall

Altllltlttl’s .nirl l)ui‘rrrnr'ritr'ur Iit‘il zigrrr's

 

i
i

Vbrda /ilms.

art

Schenectady Museum (382-7890)
Amazing World of Video Br Electronics
(uirtil April 17).

New York State Museum (474-5842)
Brooklyn Before The Bridge. April 9 -.1u|y
10: Chinese Laundry Workers in NYC.
April Iii) - Oct. 2: Ooorn -Pabv Pair. until
May 29 at Empire state Plaza

Rathbone Gallery at JCA (445-1778)
.lCA Art Faculty show April ll-29.openin
reception April 11. 5-7 pm.

SUNYA Fine Art Gallery

Master ol line arts Thesis Exhibition. April
1‘) - May 22. Opening Reception April 19.

5-7 pm.
Center Galleries (445-6640)
Marjorie Williams. sculpture: David

Coughtry. paintings and drawings. lliitll
May 0

CSR Picotte Gallery (454-51H5)
Student show Until April [0. 324 State St.
Colonic Town Library (074-3044)
Visionary Landscapes Iiild Seascapes by
Arline l’rnirtri-e SClillltlhlli

Clement Frame and Art Shops
(tilt?) 4558)

Antiqur.l liirgrnvings of Albany. Wash. &
|..rrk Sis

Mezzotint Masters (4554-4280)
l’osti'rs l’lrrs (irriieiies (Robinson sq). April
25 Mirv l 1. Opening reception April Zli.
7 ‘1 p in

theatre

   
  

 endgame”

 

SUNYA PAC
:\piil L’Ir ill ‘ihu Stoop-i To (:Ulltltlt'l lltl
lilHlt’ into i .ili 'll‘l7'Hltlill

.Proctor's Schenectady (IlHLf ill-bill

.'\]Itil H Robert l\'li:iii (llrlll put 0 iii heir. l
liotir llt‘l'tit.’ tilllillli ). April 10 - l'lill'li]
liiiirksirirrv's lironrlwny t‘slrow; April iii
Tums (lpi'm Theatre The Marriage oi
l'iguro. April 17 i‘\II!l_rptItt'

SubMir Now!

‘ Banking 1

iii t‘ongruss I'in littrlt‘ info call .‘i71 707/1

TANGENT DEADLINE — ApRil 22

     

ESIPA (473-3750)

April 10. 13-15 -- New Plays - Staged
readings: April 8-14 -- The 'l'ltreepenny
Opera: April 8-13  Sleeping Beauty
Capital Hep (402-4534)

The Skin of Our 'I'cctlr. April 5-10. 12- 17
Washington Park Theatre Com-
pany (4537-8600)

April it — Phoenix Too Frequent and Dy-
ing Embers; April 9 7- Dock Briei and A
Slight Ache at SUNYA PAC

CSH (454-5295)

April 16 — Lysisirnin Numbah by Spider-

woinan Theatre

miscellaneous

"Racism. Sexism. Anti-Semitism
and Discrimination Against the
Disabled" with Ilarold Yuker and .1
Richard Black; Wednesday. April 111. ll
p in. CC Assembly Hall
“Local Breweries
Temperance Movement"
April 9 -- lecture by l’ed Smith iii llit' NYS
Museum. 10 il.ttt.. Free

University Seminar: Human Sex-
uality

“The Use ol (intrch linriguiy in Sex
Research" by l)t)llrtltl L Mosher. Friday.
April 22. at 2 p lit in l.(‘, 19

Jawbone Reading Series:

Mirrk lluillicrl .ririi intuit-sci) Loioro.
Thurs. April 14 noon til llllllliittilltl'i
Lounge

Eastman Brass Concert

April 10. Sat. H p in iii Page 1 loll. lltl'i ‘l'iti.
r.il| -l.ri7 Hirlil-i (or inin iirlo

The Bob McGrath Famin Concert
April 154. ln'iiiiiloy l.‘ p iii in lllt‘ lgg
ill but». rut? $7 (or rtillr ('rrll 474- l l‘l'l
intercollegate Debate on Interstate

and the

April ll. Monday. 5‘ p in _ [.(i7 liurirrs
til‘l‘irtllllu iltt'liltll! llriioii (folk-gi- .nid Skid-
l|t()I\' and is .rliout t'llilllltrlillll) oi llrttilt‘l‘i to

lltlt‘t‘ilriiL‘ llillik oprvrntiorr tllttlt’t discussion

 

"China" '

hat would you do il you wen.- on
average American couple. sud
derrly out of work. without any

bank credit (or «i loan. and lacing a $175 .i
month rent increase? How about putting
an advertisement iit Ll swinging singles
newspaper saying you'll "do anything,"
lure the respondent back to your apartment
by appointment. bush them over the head
with a skillet. take their money and toss the
corpse iriio the b ‘ding's trash cotrip-rcterL

 

 

Lisanne Sokolowski
“(That's what Paul and Mary Biandydo in
the delightlully mad movie called Eating
Ruuol Paul Bartel. who plays Paul Bland.
also co-wrote and co-tlirected the movie
With Richard Blackburn. Bartel. who some
oi you may remember as the director ol
Cannonball and Death Race 2000. has
created a whole new category (or films with
this movie, Not only does he deal with the
outrageous issues ol murder. kinky sex.
and canrrabilisrn. but he does so with u very
lurrriy sense of naivcte and a sanitized.
cartoon-like violence oi Roadrunner or
Tom and Jerry

Paul and Mary lilriiid arc the pcricct
characterizations of American society,
They suppress their blindness to reality.
their anger and frustration with the system

 

 

 

 

An Aspects Movie Moment

Delicious Raoul

rtllll today's morality with a veneer oi
niceiii-ss which up to now has proveii very
siicccsslul Their goal is to someday open
up n restaurant in the country ("Chez
liiand") where Mary (a hospital dietician)
and Paul (a wine collector) can live happily
ever alter.

The rcccssional teeth oi the eighties take
‘a chunk out of the Blonds. Paul loses his
)(ib. the brink won't give them the loan they
need to buy the restaurant. and to top it
oil. the building where their rent has just
been raised by $175 is crawling with im-
moral swinging singles throwing orgies
every night How cart at good. clean couple
like the iiiands survive?

The answer comes in the lorin of a
drunken lecher who walks into their ripari-
ment from a party down the hall and tries
to rape Mary. l’aul chivalrously lops him
over the head with a irylng pan only to (ind
that the drunk has died. The ever-
resourCeiul Blarids go through his pockets
and lind the old lecher was carrying hun-
dreds ol dollars. Air idea is born.

lirrii'r lirioul. “it hot~blooded. passionate
Chicano" who looks like it cross between
Mniloii lirnirrlo and Eric Estrada. birth
overnctlrig .it the same time. He iiiids out
about Paul and Mary's scheme oi collecting
money by murdering “sex-crazed perverts
nobody will miss anyway." and wants a

piece of the LiCltUll Siillir‘u it to say ilirll the
plot gets more illill more outrageous and
that liauol certainly does get his cut in the
end.

lfutiiig Raoul is black comedy at its finest.
It's a movie oi victimization by society and
by the ever-oinnisr‘viit System, and lighting
back by those iricuibcrs oi society who are
numb to violence and death. The murders
rrru justifiable because. to the sir‘nlglit-iviced
Blaitds. their victims are all immoral
(lecadents anyway. And it's all done with it
warm comedy that keeps you giggiirrg from
start to finish.

Because oi its farcical handling ol nor-
mally taboo subjects. Eating Ratio! comes
dangerously close to lalling into the same
pot as John Waters' midnight movies
(Polyester or Pink Fiomingoes) Although
there are no obese transvestites like Divine
minclrig across the screen. Buck Henry.
does make a cameo appearance as a
lecherous batik president. lfritirrg lt’uoul.
however. is better than a John eriUlS lilrii
It has rill the black coriii-rly iii a riiidntglit
movie without the ciassness. There are no
vulgar “scratch illitl sruil" cards handed oiil
in the lobby. ()1th the same old buttered
popcorn and ’l'wiulers ill the rulrcsluuent
st.rirrl-- n strnr‘l-rrrl slice oi the American
way And .. you look beyond the outlan-

 

dislinuss. you'll bird that lioting Ii’riiurl is
l

 

.ilot like popcorn. Delicious. 1 J
ﬂ

“Mia: I ‘

  

    
 

 

7’1..- _,.,... “.... ..

 

 

...._........c--... y u-

an..." ﬂrdﬁv-chvr.ﬁw .-, . .

.... . r .....a

 

 

E

T T E

R

S

 

 

Boundaries crossed

To the Editor:

As someone who was involved in planning the forum
“Jewish identity As Guys and Lesbians" (held March
20th). 1 would like to thank both JSC-Hlllcl and the Gay
and Lesbian Alliance for making it possible to bring this
program to our campus. These two groups displayed n will-
ingness to cross "boundaries" in order to present an educa-
tional forum on a subject which affects many of our
lives—its Jews. non-Jews. gays. and non-guys. By engaging
in this cosponsorshlp. each organization acknowledged the
existence of Jewish gays and lesbians and their right to
come out of the closet as Jews, and as gays/lesbians.

I am aware of the controversy surrounding the
forum—in particular. the dismay of some that JSC-liillcl
was involved in cosponsorlng the event. I commend ilic
leadership of JSC-Hillci for standing firm in their belief
that one of Hillel's main functions on campus is to serve all
Jewish students—gays and lesbians included.

The fact that JSC and GALA together cosponsored this
event is an indication that despite our differences we can
work together in attempts to create a more accepting and
supportltivc society fer us all. I cannot speak for others
who attended the program. but 1 walked away feeling
renewed. The audience was a very diversiﬁed group. but we
a had one thing in common—the willingness to listen and to
” learn. it gave me hope that although it may take some time.
.5: a network of support among pcoplcs with different orienta-
tions can and will be built.

Once again i sincerely thank and praise the individuals
- who make .lSC-Hillci rind GALA two very special groups.
—.lonnne Pcskowltz

Apology warranted?

To the Editor:

1 would like to thank the ASP for its impartial reporting
of the tcuch-in and demonstration held last Weekend at
SUNY.

However. i could not let Glenn Moncs‘ remark about
Curol Bcrrigun go unanswered. It was demeaning and iii-
sultlng. Dr. Bcrrignn is a woman of integrity. humanism.
and great sensitivity who has been at lltL‘ forefront of social
protest inuvcritcrris since before L‘ricnn Moncs was borir. As
a woman wltosr: social conscience has compelled her to
speak out against the Vietnam war. social inequality of
blacks in this country and in South Africa. as well its the
horror of nuclear \vurfnrc. it was only nittural that she
speak against the suppression oft’ulcstiiiiiiii rights. Pcr'lirrps
Mr. Moncs could not find fault with Dr. licrriguir or any of
the other speakers on their factual rcpnrliriu. forcing liirri
to resort to offensive pcrsorriil iilliicks to show his i'rtistru—
lions. i

1 like to iccl lllttl we can distigrcc on issues without ltit\-
ing to i'csoit to this typc ul' pcrsurutl iiltzicks. (iicriii Moncs
owcs (‘riroi llcri'iguu air apology both its tl \t‘lilllttll and it
litllllltlt bcing. _

wMitriii Muscurcilii

Selfless efforts

To lltt.‘ Editor:

On behalf of thc liuiu'd nl l)llL'L'ltit\ ol the Wildwood
School. I would like in cniruiriiulutc llic SUNYA stiidciris
who worked so may ltiird fut 'l‘clctlioii 'h‘fi. i'lic lubuloiis
results ricliicvcd by lltcsc rlcdicrricd stirriciiis arc .in inspira-
tion to us all.

Tclctlioii '83 was merely culitiituucil on March iii-1‘). I
would like to draw ttliL‘tlllt)” to the trciiiciiduus cfl'or't rind

energy put out by this group of students throughiout the
entire school year. Halloween and Christmas parties. :1
dance marathon. a faculty cocktail party. rafﬂe tickets. and
a Price Chopper Fund Raising Day were just some of the
events organized by the students to raise funds for the three
benefiting groups (Wildwood School. Camp Opportunities.
and the Neurofibromaiosis Association). Student
volunteers also spent much time at the Wildwood Saturday
recreation programs. forming a personal bond with the
children.

i feel it is most important to applaud the selfless efforts
of tire SUNYA students. i am proud to have them as it part
of our community. We at Wildwood thank them with
dccpcst gratltiudc for the lipr and special love they have
given our children. "Special Children ~— Special Dreams."
Thank you.

—Shlrley Amtsberg
Member. Wildwood School Board of Directors
New York Asmciulion for (he Learning Disabled
Capital District Chapter
UAS’ insensitivity
To the Editor:

1 feel that there has been a major atrocity committed on
this campus. The University Auxiliary Service (UAS) has
made it clear that there is a distinction between cooking for
those who are Catholic and those who are Jewish. 1 will rc-
nrind people that over the Lcntcn period. UAS had manag-
cd to scrvr: fish every Friday evening. This past Monday
night, April 4th . which was the last day of Pussovcr. UAS
litiIJ riinringcd to serve the ultimate menu for those of the
Jewish faith nut fortunate enough to be able to cut in the
kosher kitchen. UAS's menu for the evening was ham and
breaded chicken pariniigirrrra. This is a major disgrace to all
chs on campus on the part of UAS.

Granted. there is it kuslicr meal plan on Dutch eriid. but
it is somewhat inaccessible to people; it is more costly. and
may people do not choose to take advantage of it its a
result. Many Jews who are not observant choose to follow
the customs of Passover. and UAS's menu makes it im-
possible for them to do so. if UAS can do it for Catholics.
tlrcri wiry not Jews?

1 feel that UAS should be aware of this situation. and i
would like to see a public apology front them to rill those
Jews on campus who rirc affected. it is disgraceful to sue

~ tliui privileges ot'l‘crcd to certain students on campus should
not be offered to all by at university service whose job is to

do specifically so.
—-.lrte Suvltl

Legal rape

To the l-Iditor:
Right now. in Hill. New York State penal code cun-
, done». the rape of millions of women living in New York
Slrrtcv-ull of these bcirig mirrricd women. Suction 1.10.70
bars the victim of iupc tiuiri prosecuting litt.‘ rapist I‘oi ani-
gt ‘iitetl sexual ubiiw on the solc basis that the \icliui is
Ill-’Itlh'tl tn the ot'l'cnilci. ‘

Any ttlltll curt \L‘\t|llll) .tlitlw. soduini/c. or i'oicibl) inwri
it l'oiciuu obich into tiic ircriitrrl openings of his “tic. this is
litlL‘ L‘\L‘li \ilicn husband iiiirl \iii‘c til'C Ii urg trpurt.

Sonic pcuplc lL‘tltllltil this may Iic thinking to tliciiisclics.
"Ycub. but how tltitil)‘ Irrisbiuiils .rctiiiilly iiipc their
wives?“ My first icspousc to lltttl would bc that il'uiic iniiii
iaipcs his “llc iiud ix. iii ii tttttllllL't of speaking. appliiiirlcd
by thr York Stiilc 1 int. tlicii liltll is otic too iiuiuy and in
itself makes a \cry \troiii: cumiirciit about any socicty liltll
would continue such an act. My second response would
itich to be to provide iiituics. Studies conducted by slicltcr's
in New York Stiitc illillL‘ttlL‘ that in uric-third of violent inur-

 

 

 

é
cﬁzlspecté

Mark Guitar. Eurlor Ill Utrml
Wnyns Pnrsboam. Executive Editor
Tori Knplowltr. Llu Strain. Managing Editors
Marc linupsl. Sentur Editor

. Double Jutigu, Dubbiu Piolt‘llll
Anthony Silintl

Diitruln Mllllltr’lli
. Mi-uanti Taylor.GailMuituli
itntmrt Sctinntrtin
Litiiiltnﬂ Snkotnwski

..Marr: Stiitwdt.‘
..Mnrk Luvnrir

Ertrblilttsd in 1916

News Editors . .. . ... .

Auoclato Nuwl Editor.
ASPIctI Editor . .. ..

Allocluta ASPoctI Editan

Sound Editor .. . .

Vision Editor
Spartl Edliut .. . . .

Annotate Sports Editor .
Copy Editor . .. . .. ... . . . David L L.Luskrn
Contributing Editors . .. . “l‘rill tlutz, Mark Itnrninnrut
Editorial Anlntant: Toni Kacarrrtus. Wtur Sanitary and Event: Editor: tti-uir
Grutlu. Stntt wrltora: Gina Atruiut. Sumrirur Aunts. Aim-y Artrrmu. Lilli Bruwirim.
Bath arlnsur. Kim Ciriitrir. trnciry Carmichael. Anitiriw Carroll, wtttirrnr l)
Cttnrirmk. Nrrncy Cruwlout. ttuuort-Kurrnrritr tummy, ttrtt Finctmr. Strivu Pun,
Bob Gardlittm.13urry Gniiruir. lien Gordon. Jot-l ﬁll‘l'ilill'll]. Miku Granntu-lit.
Charles M. Crtrlonu. Luir Grunrmtuin. Attrty ttrrrowrtz. Atuy Kllﬂltli, Dnirnm
Knight. Murtitt Krin. tltiiri Levtrrn. Crniu Miilbir. tirrtri-ri Murtlntano. Driviit
Mlctirrulnnu. llun Nissan. Lriurri N050. Mutt Nir:tnri-.. ttnu O't'truut. t'iub O'Con-
nor. Curt Putkii. Kinrrn t'irout, t'tttt I’rvnlck. Lilllld Oriliin. Liz nr-IclrI Mink
Rouuinr. ltunrty ttnttr. t-Iltiin Sirnirraiuru. Mun Soirrkln. Multit tiliiq, Mink
Wliuittit. Adinn Willi. Spectrum turd Evnnil Editors: lloni Olliﬁlltlig). Kurt Darn-
tiautn

Bonnie Stavrnl. Business Murmur”
Holly mortar. Associate llustrruss Maliugul
Susan Punrllnnn. Advertising Mumrqul
John Trolrrnu. Slllﬂl Mnnupur

 

Billing Accountants
Payroll Supervisor
Olilca Ca-ordlnalor
CInutllnu Man-gar . . ....Mtckoy Frank
Composition Managnr ,. . . . MuiissaWJssi-onrur
Advertising Salas: Putin Forward. Miku Kiulntor. Gregg Hall. Nutl Sui nitn.
Advertising Production Managers: Jdnll Hirsch. Mindy Horowitz. Advert sing
Production; t‘tnrritrm Bititrll, MlClIttlli' Horowitz. Patgo Marcus. Julio Mark.
EtIcr-n Stevin. Suu Snnrinurtr-tit. Mr-Imsa Wussomran. Rhonda Wolt. Olltca
Stall: Lierii Clr‘lylllrlll. Guy t’i-rorts

. Kitten Suruoll. Jody Torr-i
, . Arluiru Krrtlowitr
Junnilur Bluntr

 

Jack Duructituu. Production Mun/rye"
Patricia Mttcluitl, Assrrrrirrirr Product/ran Mirnagm
Chill Typouttsr . ...Catuiiinyrm
VnrtlcnICnmnn . . . .. . . . ... Bttt Borrtitn
Putin-up: Kntlay Biirku, Donna Coiwrn. Holly Piusli. Typl I: Bitl Enunuy. Jltn
Crirrnz/ola. Erica D'Artumo, Joilllnrr (tildoisluuvn. Elilahntit Huymrrn. Ginny
Huber, Mrrry Alli?" Lirikri. Mark Waits-r

 

Photography principally littitttill'tl by llriivursity Photo Survicu. ll stinliritt

Ctrlnt l’ttatnnrnpttat: Dawn Mum. ut‘S Stntl: Chuck Errrnsti-in. Laura Bostrck.
Alan Crrtrrrn. Amy Cntiun. titrutty Cotton. llactrul Lrtwui. Ed Mnriissictr. L01!-

. on “ sun Eluiiw Mllirlirh. .lt'ili) t'inrrrr Louis. l).lvtil Rivera, t tan Sun
minis. tirmn summit, w.un-n Stunt. .tun Valentino, wtil Yunnan

Enliro conlnrtin copyright ttttlJ Albany Student Frau Corporation. ult
rtonts riisorvod.

Thu Albany Stirrinnt l‘rirss is putrlttituiit Tilllhlliiyﬁ ruut Friiiayu bulwuirn
Auntie-t ritlti Jurui by ttiri Altrriny Stiiitirrit Pious Corporation. an rndiipiittituni
not trrr prolrt i‘orpinrrtiun

Erlitnuriln nn- writtrrir try tlu- t'dttot In Chiut with tttutniiuttt ut ttu) 1 tutorial
tiniirit. potic 'itlitjutd to tt'vll'w by tlur Ertrtoilul Board Aitvnrtiulitg policy
dour. not rrriu .mn ily tutti-cl r-rtitnririt policy.

Mritlurn irrtrtiuss
Altrurry Sluituirt l‘iuitn. CC (120
print Watiltlttmoti Avu.

ltiin ,NY 121’22
‘llt 1 ii) «iii? tiUlli’lIiJEL’llllllii}

 

 

— —::-~.~-~r=nm:me ..., .. ,m- n

riages. a bearing is followed by rape. sodomy. or the forci-
blc insertion of a foreign object into the genital openings of
the victim of the beating. The National Clearinghouse on
Marital Rape pushes that figure to an astounding 80 per-
cent.

Justification of the martial exemption for rape by the
courts has been a four that women will falsely charge their
husbands with rape. Most people would have hoped that
such uncicnt notions about women would have died out
along with St. Jcromc vs. Jovinian. Ourcourls can no
longer vicw women in the same light in which they were
viewed in tire Middle Ages. Furthermore. if thc courts have
so little confidence in the legal system's ability to weed out
false charges of rape. then what is the purpose of our legal
system. the courts. or the penal code itself for that matter?

The purpose of this letter is not to point out the tnrirtc-
qunclcs of the judicial process. Its purpose is. however. in
point out an injustices and to offer it long overdue solutin:
to this problem. Right now it is within your power to gin
married women the same protection from violent scxurrt
acts that all men and women are entitled to. '

NYPtRG. the New York State Public interest Research
Group. is presently working on legislation that will riglri
this grave wrong.

Get involved and make a difference. Stop by CC 382 or
call us at 457-4623. We've made a difference in the past
rind we’ll continue to make it difference for our future.

-Clruck Lewior

A poor reflection

To the Editor:

As it freshman l have found reading the ASP quite
helpful in adapting to the SUNYA lifestyle. The articles
were educational. enjoyable, rind cxtrciircly beneficial at
times. Unfortunately. t can no longer support rind respect
thi: ASP with such enthusiasm uny more. if with any at all.
In the March ltlilr and 22nd issue of the ASP 1 disappoin-
tingly noticed the allowed poor usage of lurigiiirgc. “The
Game of Love“ by Hubert-Kenneth Dickey and "Steady
Eddie" by Lee Gruenstcin both used unnecessary foul
words and expressions. Many other students and 1 see no
such need to use this type of language in these articles and
oilrcn printed in the ASP. We hear and sec (on bathroom
walls. library walls. and dusk tops) cnouglt vulgarity and
wish but to read it in the school newspaper \iltosc stuff
dciiirinds readers and respect.

Allowing foul and vulgar words to bc printh not only
poorly reflects the ASP editors and stuff. but also poorly
reflects the student body and faculty. Therefore. it would
be greatly appreciated if the ASP stuff and editors would
cscrcisc it little more iirstc. consideration. and censorship in
thc sclcctioti of its articles.

——chinu Itlcgcr

SASU-True to mission

To the Editor:

this coming \\'cdiicsrlir_\ ariid 'l‘liursriii). April I} ttlltl I-i.
Ilrcic nill bc ii ictciciiriiini on lltt.‘ SA spring clcctioit ballot
to mutinuc tiiiidiiiv. tlic Studctit .‘\\\t|cltlllttli ni tlic Stutt-
liuiicrsit) (HASH) :it its current loci of $1.50 :i scuicstct.
Ilic itttHIL‘) appropriated to h-\Sll is taken out ill tlic stu-
dent .iclitit) icc. \\ltlt‘li will remain til 34:" ll \L‘lili.‘\lt‘t
\tlictlici Iltcict’crciniiini i\.t]1|1iti\ctl or lli11.()lll cuttipus ii.r
liitidcd \‘AH‘li iii this \\ii\ siitcc SASli's iiiccptioti iii 1971.

S \51 .rcrpiiit‘s its funds iii the suinc manner :it SliNY
schools .itioss tlic cutiic \litlL‘. Mimics iccchr'd bi SASU
iiic iisr-il in llllt.‘ i'uil-tiiirc stiiil’ for its Album ot'l'icc and
iiirirl actions such its the iii.tss lobby duy \\iiicir occur rcd on
1-cbiuiiiylll. Shift iiiclinlc ii lobbyist. ttt'gtltti/L‘H. and stu-
dent interns. This \ltllk‘llllL‘ has allowed SAStl to bccuinc u
icspcctcd liigirci criricutiuu udtucucy oigiuii/ritiori at lltL‘
Stutc ('uplini. The result has been the pi'cscuuinn of :r
SUNY cduciriioii through lcgislutivc budch tcxitil'ttlitilts of
$13.7 million this yctu . 3.16.9 million lust year and over $10
million in l‘Jlli). SASU litts hccu instrumental in lobbying
for state support of SUNY and the budch victories incri-
iioiicd rritiy very well lune not occurred if stttLlcttls bud not
been represented by it urritcd voice suitcwidc. nrzincly by
SASU.

Having worked its it full-time lcgisliiliic irrtcin with
SASU. t can safely say that it is till ct'l'ccliu' riiguiri/ution
which not only encourages student participation bill which
is actually run according to decisions mudc by students. in
' . the people who work for SASU arc . .‘NY students.
This liars ciiublcd SASU to be responsive and ill touch with
lltt.‘ needs of students.

 

 

| wits attracted to involving myself with SASU during:
my t'rcslnrruit you in 1‘)th licctiusc its mission was [0 ensure
that lltc stutc iiiuinluincd its commitment to ucccssiblc.
quality lilgltcr' ciliicutiori. Tlic need for u stutcwidc stirdctit
voice is absolutely ircccssury to accomplish this goal.
Without it there is no limit to which higher education can
bc \ltlli off from those who otherwise could not bin rif-
I‘orrlcd college 1100 it not been for SUNY. t'lris highlights
the ticcd for approval of lltc SASU referendum on April 13
and 14. so that SASU i‘iiii cuntinuc its an ui'guiii/irliuii true
in its mission. .
—.-\luu \Vvirwr
S. [Si 1 Dr'lr'ttulr'
.llcmlu'r. S.-tSL/ llourrl (If l)ll‘t’t‘lt)t‘.\‘

 

   

 

V ‘a 31:3. *‘ \’r‘x’

