RCH I8. I 983

 

 

to end basic steel making ttt tlte plant titis

 

2 ALBANY STUDENTPRESS ti MA

WORLDWIDE
ﬂ

     
 

 

Threats anger Marine

Washington, I). C.

 

tAP) An Anterican general has i ttsed
Israeli soldiers of deliberately threatening
tttd insulting U.S. Marines itr Lebanon amt
asked the Urtited States to prevent further
:onfrorttations. according to a report
.tublislted Thursday.

The report. a copyright dispatch from tlte
Washington brtreatt ol' is’night-Ridder
rtewspapers. appeared tt day after five U.S.
\llal’illCS were slightly wortttded iii a grenade
rttnek in Ileirttt. gttrttnett wounded eight
ltaliatt soldiers trearby and a landmine killed
two lsraciis east of tire Lebanese capital.

In Washington. President Reagatt said
Wednesday lte would press for tire
withdrawal of Israeli. Syriatt artd Palestittiurt
forces from Lebanon. amt an administration
official sttid cltattces have improved on
breaking the 10-week diplorttatic itnpasse on

. reaehittg a pttliottt agreetttettt.

Soviets warn US

.llim'nn'
MP) A top Soviet official said yesterday that
if the Uttiled States attd its allies deployed
medium-range ttttcear missiles irt western
l:ltlt)pc. Moscow wotrid ltave to set up its
own rockets "near American borders" to
achieve equality.
it was believed to be lite first tittte any
Soviet official wtts that speci about ltotv
the Kremlin could react to NATO platts to
begitt deployirtg 572 rtew Persbirtg 2 attd
cruise tttissiles itt Europe by tltc end of the
tear.

 

quoted the chief of tire Soviet General staff.
Marsltal Nikolai V. Ognrkov as saying in an
interview that if U.S. missiles itt Europe were
used againSt the Soviet Union. Moscow
would directly strike’the United States.

USSR orbiter crashes

‘ Washington. I). C.
(AP) A Soviet satellite cattle down itt the Irr-
ttian Oc art Wednesday less than 12 Itorrrs
after it was lattttcited. defense officials said
yesterday.
, These officials. who spoke only on cortdi
tiotr they not be named. said tire satellite was
a miniature space shuttle-type vehicle.

They dismissed tts inaccurate speculation
tltat tlte Soviet satellite flight involved a test
of sonic kittd of new space-borne nuclear
w -apon.

Salvador rebels gain

San Salvador
(AP) Leftist ittsttrgettts etttrertclted on tile
slopes of the battle-scarred (ttut/ttpa volcatto
blew up two primary electrical towers attd
plunged most of the capital ittto darkness.

The Wednesday night blackout cattte hours
after tttt app 'als jttdge said lte ltttd delayed a
trial of four tttttiottal gllill‘tlSIIlL'll iri tlte 1‘)th
slayings of fotrr Atttericatt cltttrcltwotuett.
‘l‘lte jttdgc told a lower cotttt to pt odttce more
evidence.

The rebel dyttarttite attack was tlte late
sabotage itt tttt intensified assault this w c
tlll Iltc country‘s power grid. (ittcrrillas
periodically have tvrccked power installations
itt their 4l-llltllllll-tllti war to overthrow the
U.S.-backed rightist govertttnettt. .

Repair crews restored power to rttost of
San Salvador after 15 minutes. btrt about a
tltird of the country continued without elec-
tricin because ofsabotagc attacks that began

 

 

 

 

Meanwhile, The New York 'I‘itllet today

 

metres at a pm. in the Campus Center
with a Telethon t-attlrt. in without.

 

It’s that time again! Year-long efforts by a stall ol'47 will culminate tantght In
’ the annual 24-hour Telethon. Events will Include: student entertainment. auc-
. lions. pie-throwing. food. beer and more.

The lestlvtllcs. dedicated to “Special Children. Special Dreams." will com-

Stmday. .

Ballroom. Admission at the door Is $1.50

NATIONWIDE
B   EF' 

. . . .

Nominee ts crrttcrzed

ll’us'lti/tglmt. D.C.
(AP) A Senate report says KennethAdelman.
President Reagan's cltoice to tread the Arms
Control trttd Disarmament Agency, appears
to ltave “a greater cottcertt with the politics
of arms control tltatt with its substance.“

The report also says Adeltnatt may “ally
Irimself with those ill the administration who
wottld establish itttpossible standards itt
negotiations with the anticipation of
failure."

The report was produced by a majority of
the Senate Foreign Relations Committee,
which recottttnettdcd by a 9-8 vote last tttotttlt
that the full serrate reject the ttotttitratintt.

Ilowever. President Reagan has said that
ltc will seek Adcintan's cottfittttatiott by the
ftrll Settatc.

Legislation is stalled

ll tolling/on. I). ( ‘.
(AP) Tltc Sertatc. already stalled itt its con-
sideratiott of anti-recession jobs legislation
because of an arttettdtttettt. is facing a long
list of amendments to attotlter major bill —-
the Social Security rcscttc pltttt.

Meanwhile. liouse action on a ttttclear
weapons free/e resolution has beett delayed
at least tttttil Mottday. bttl supporters insist it
will pass by a wide margin when it finally
comes tip for a vote.

Members of the Senate ltave indicated they
will try to attack rttorc than two dozen
amendments to lite version of the Social
Security bailout plan drafted last week by the
Senate Finance Committee. The Cottttttittee
bill was basically the war as lite version up»
proved last week by tltc llouse.

STATEWIDE
B R I-E :F. S

Aid redistributed H
.4 may

(AP) (iov. Mario Cnomo has presented his
proposed plan to redttce the local sitare of
Medicaid to it) perccrtt by 1988 w a plan lte
says will save counties $6 billion.

Cuomo said Wednesday lie was sending
the icgisiatttrc a bill to gradually reduce the
local sltare of Medicaid frotn the cttrrcttt 26.5
percent to It) perccttt.

Currently. the federal goverttttrertt pids's' up
50 percent of Medicaid costs with the stale
attd localities splitting the rest. Uttdcr
Cttomo‘s platt. the state would grttdttally
assume ttrorc of the slate-local slttrre.

Steel plant closes

I.(Il'/t‘rllt'(llI/Ill
(AP) l'tcsicttt Walter P. Williams o1~ lltc
llctltleltem Steel Corp. said yesterday the
company cannot accept a cost-cutting pro-
posal offered by the unions for the

year.
Williams met with local attd international
officials of'the Utrited Steelworkers here attd
tater issued a statement saying it would be too
costly for Bethlehem to keep the aging rnitt‘s
basic steel facilities irt operatiort.

The shutdown. attttottttced in title
December. will mean the loss of 7,100 ioth
Another 1.300 employees will be kept on the
job at a rnoderrt galvani/ing litre arid t.t-irtc|t
bar mill that Bethlehem will keep itt opcttl»
ltott.

Irish parade is held

New Mills
(AP) Despite a boycott of 'l‘hursday‘s St.
’atrick's Day parade by the ltislr govern-
ment. 23 bands attd some politicians. hccattse
of its controversial grand trtatsltal. oli'iciulc
vowed the event would be held “with dignitt
attd pride."

The 23 battds. Irish government. 26th US.
Arttty battd nttd such politiciatts as Sen.
Daniel ‘atrick Moyrtiltatt attd fornter (itr\.
Ilttglt ('arcy platttted to boycott the parade
ltccattsc of the clectiott as grttttd marshal ol
Micltacl I-’|anttety.‘au irislt Republican Arms
sytupathiter.

“We're rtot going to let Iltettt hijack tltc
parade." said Mayor lidv'ard Koch. as |m.t|
preparations were tttade for New York‘s
llet atttttral celebratiott of Ireland‘s patron
saint.

.
Godfrey dies at 79

New l'or/t
(AP) Pans tnonrtted Attitur (iodtey. lltc
rrkelclc strttttttner wltose gift of gab tttadc ltirtt
a radio attd television favorite for the
decades.

(todfrey. who liked to 'ali himscil the ( ltd
Redltead attd who was once dubbed “the
Ilttck Firm of radio" for ltis folksy \tit. died
chttesday at age 7‘) after being iitlspitt li/ctl
13 days for etttpltysettta atrd pneumonit at
Mount Sittai ltospital.

lr'rom ltis signature greetittg of “llowa'ya.
liowa‘ya." to his pttblic battle against lung
cttrtccr. (iodfrcy did everything with his on a
brush style. He liked to say that you “get as
tttttclt out of life as you pttt ittto it."

 

Classics Prof dies

Donald Wilsort i’rakkctt. (iii. chairman oI
tlte ('lassicai Studies Department at SUNYA.
died Monday at Albany Medical (‘cntet
ilospital after a long illness.

ilr. Prakkcn Itad been a professor ot
('lassicai stttdics at SUNYA since 19M».
llet'ore comingI to SUNYA itc taught for two
y tts ttt Pennsylvania State Uttivcrsity and
for 17 years at liranklin artd Marshall ('ol
lege. ‘

He received his bachelor's degree il'tllll
Whitman ('ollcge itt 1936. itis master‘s dcgtct:
itt 1037 from Johns Hopkins University attd
his doctorate itt 1042 front (‘oluntbia llttitct
sit)‘.

the professor was a member ot lllt‘
('lassicai Association of tile lztitpitc State. thc
American Philological Society and lilt'

 

 

i uckawauna plartt and will carryout its plan

 

 

American lttstittttc of Atchaelogv.

 

JSC-Hitlal and GALA 'pretltent

 

{PREVIEW

FREE

 

Hebrew and Judaic Studies
t, students can apply for a position on
the educational stall oi one of the
Rarnah Camps in tho U.S. and
Canada. For lntormatlon or an ap-
plication. write; Amy Kagodan. Per-
sonnel Coordinator, National
Ramah Commission. 3080 Broad
way. New York, NY. 10027

Signum Laudls. SUNYA'S academic
honor society. is accepting new
numbers. It you aro a junior with a
cumulative grade point average of
L78 or higher and have completed
it least 50 credits oi coursework at
SUNYA. you may be oligtblo. It you
moot those anti havon't resolved
and Invitation to join. contact Diane
1045745814.

Parent at a deal child. Ann Sayers.
will spoalt on hot oxooriuncos dealt
ing with her child. on Monday.
March 21. at 8 p.tn.. in HU128.____

 

OF EVENTS

LISTINGS;

A torum on Palestine. entitled “The
Suppression 01 an Idea." sponsored
by the Arab Student Association
and Committee ior Palestinian
Rights. will be hold on Saturday,
March 19. at 2:30 pm irt LC 2.

A Spiritual Commemoration oi the
Sharputiia Masaacretn South Airtca
will be held on Sunday. March 20, at
4 pm In the Mt. Pleasant Baptist
Church. 441 Washington Ava.
Albany. N.Y.

Low Incomo bomeowmrrs and
renters living irt Albany County who
are finding It dliiicult to pay homo
treating bills may quality tor a grant
oi $165230 through ttto Homo
Energy Assistance Program
(HEAP). Flrtd ottl more by attending
a special outreach program on
Wednesday, March 23. irorn 15:30
pm. at Human Resource Contor
and Old School 25. 196 Morton Avo.
Albanv.

The Albany School of Business an-
nounccs this year‘s Annual Awards
Banquet and Bola Gamma Sigma
ittduclion. to be held on April 23 at
tho Americana Inn. The reception
begins at 5 pin iottowod by dinner at
6 pm. Tickets cost $13 and can be
purchased in the Campus Center
beginning March 21. All students
and iaculty are welcome to attend.

A German language and culture
study program is being altered, this
summer. through SUNY1 at the
University Carolo‘thhotmina.
Braunschwotg. Germany. One
somostor oi cottoqo Iovol German
and an above avorago scholastic
record are required ior this pro-
gram. For further iniormalton. con-
tact ttto Oiilco oi international
Education. Tito application
deadline is April 15.

The Department oi Mathematics
and Statistics ls holding a seminar
irt Ergodic ThOOty. Daniel J.
Rudolph will spook on "Restricted
Orbit Equivalence. a New View oi
tho Ornstgln Theory". on Friday.
Marctt 18; Monday, March. 21;
Wodnosday, March 23; artd Friday.
March 25; at 4 pm. In E8108.

the TAP iltlng deadline is Thursday,
March 31. Applications are
available In AD 152. Don't miss tho
deadline!

Telethon begins this Friday, Mare...
18. at 8 pm. and will continue ior 24
hours. In the Campus Center
Ballroom. Tickets are $1.50 with a
Telethon T-shirt. and $2.00 without.
Procaods go to Wildwood School
for ttto Developmentally Disabled.
Camp Opportunities. and the NY.
Northeastern Chaptor oi
Neuroilbromatosls.

SUNYA Black Alliance is sponsor-
ing a pro-Easter iostlvat. with onion
talnmont. music, and roirastttnonts,
on Saturday. March 19. In tho lnrtlatt
Quad U~toungo.

A $400 thoatcr Iotlowshtp in
memory oi Agnes E. Futturor will be
awarded to a student who has at-
trtodod SUN'YA ior at toast two
years as art undergraduan anti
holds a i)£l(‘.il()i0f'5 (togrou irotn
SUNVA. Tito tollowuhtp may be us-
ud ior graduate study In theater or
tltoator rotated llelds. Applications
are availath tn Alutnrti l'touso. Tito
doadllno ls April 1.

"Jewish identity as Gays and Les-
l)ians" with guest speakers from
Atn Tikva, a gay and lesbian
synagogue in Cambridge. Mass. on
Sunday. March 20. at 1 pm. ill CC
1175. Admission is. true and
roiroshmonts will be served.

The Women’s Studies Program of
SUNYA presents “Critical Slagos:
Woman in American Theater". it
conference to be hold on tho
SUNYA downtown campus. on
March 18. 19, and 20. COiilUfmlCt!
acltvlttos Include ilttn and video
presentations. discussions, amt
Workshops. For tnoro lniormation
call Susan Cltast at 457-8428.

Nominate a toacnor or advtsor tor
the Fouttlt Annual Excotlonco til
Teaching and Advising Awards
Nomination lorms are available in
the SA oitice (CC 110) and must be
returned by Friday. March 25.

A Chemistry colloquium entitled
“Molybduntdisutttdn ill
Hydrodostuliurlzation" will be
prnsontod by Mr. Tin-Chou l-tsioh.
on Tuesday. March 22. at 4:30 |).tll..
in CHM 151.

 

 

   

MARCH I8, [983 ii ALBANYSTUDENTPRESS 3

UUP says Albany cuts may harm local economy

 

By Nancy Crowfoot
.t‘l‘vll F ll'ItIIER

 

Proposed SUNYA bttdgct cuts will lead to a $5.4 million
deellttc itt local business volume in the Albany area. accor-
ding to a report by the Uttited University Professions.

This projection. estimated for the first full year following
the budget cuts. describes two types of spending effects that
will httrt local business volume. I

Initial ci‘tects include reduced spending by faculty. staff,
students arid the ttttiversity itself.

Generated by these reductions would be what UUP
Albany Chapter President Tim Reilly refers to as "second
order effects." These include fewer sales by local vendors
supplying goods to the trniversity. as well as a spettdittg
decline by residents employed outside the ttnlversity. Both
are direct results of ittcorrte reductions caused by lower
university generated spending.

"Making substantial cuts itt SUNYA is like closing a ma-
jor tnanufacturing plant in the city of Albany." Reilly
observed. "Tire entire cotntnrntity is affected."

UUI’ estimated that reductions directly attributable to
retrenchment will exceed $2.7 million. This includes a $1.5
tttilliott deer -ase irt spending by faculty attd staff laid off as
a rcsttlt ot‘ ('uomo‘s estimated new budget. Reilly elaitned
that this is a conservative figure, which assumes titat all
retrettclted faculty attd staff rctttaitt irt the Albtttty at 'a. attd
spettd approximately $it.()00 a year. a figure that rougltly
corresponds to the level of ttttctttploytttcttt insurance
benefits. TilL‘tC is no gnaratttcc. however. that those laid off
will continue to reside in the Albany area. he said.

"Given the cttrrcttt tightnc s itt the local labor market. i
assume that relrettelted faculty attd staff will fittd it dif-
ficult. if not impossible to obtaitt jobs iii the Capital
District ttt their current salary level." predicted Reilly. ad-
dittg that tltis would result iii an evett further drop itt spctl-
ding irt the local ecottortty.

itt the report. UUP also estimated a 31.016000 reduction
in local spending by stude ts resulting frottt the bttdget
cuts. This ittetrtdes art arttieipated drop itt enrolltnettt by
1000 students next year title to increased tuition. According
to Reilly. the non-tttitive costs of allcttdittg the ttttiversity
will approach $2.300 per person in the cotttittg year.

Jewish groups

By Ben Gordort

Campus Jewish groups ltave vowed to protest a schedul-
ed lecture serlcs Saturday which has been co-sponsored by
the Arab Students Association (ASA) arid the Capital
District Committee on Palestinian Rights in LCI, accor-
ding to Presidcttt of Jewish Student Coalition—Hillel.
Melittdu Miller.

Revisiortist Zionist Alternative (RZA) Vice President
Steve Smith said the protest is being coordittatcd by the
Strtdettt Coalition Against Terroristn (SCAT). The protest
is itt response to the tetttative lcclttrc by ’aleslittian Libera-
tiott Organization representative i)r. Hatem iiussainl.
Deputy Observer to the PLO Mission to the Uttitcd Na-
tions. Tlte ASA ltas announced that Dr. fvloltilllllltctl
llallaj, Director of tltc institute of Arab Studies. attd Dr.
Carol lIcrrigan of Syracuse University will also speak.

Miller explained the protest is to take the form of the
group repeating the Mottrner's Kaddislt. a Jewish prayer of
mourning. Miller said lite prayer will be “for all lltc people
felled by PLO terrorists."

Smith said Hussaini is “trying to take the tarnish off
the PLO. that they're ttot as bad as the press makes tltetrt
dirt to be. i-le's using his speaking ability to make the PLO
look better iii the public’s eves."

 

 

.‘l- s .

 

 

DAVE ravens uvs
Eroiessor Frank Pogue

New colt/"roulalimt ('(Illlt’ as u .\'Ill'/)I‘I.t'(‘.

 

' This estimated reduction in spending. said Reilly. may
also be much smaller than the actttal. as it is assuming that
students front the local area would be paying roorn and
board costs at their current off-campus addresses. even if
they will not be enrolled at the university. It is likely that
this will not be the case for many students. lte said.

A decline in university spending will also be detrimental
to the local ecortorny. according to Reilly. who estimated a

 

 

 

JEAN PIRRE LOUIS UPS
Albany UUP Qtﬂptar President Tim‘Roltty

Compares L'IIIS to closing a major flit/II. 737th villain)? 

 

will protest Arab

“1 think that there is
nothing wrong with this. I
don ’t believe there is any
intimidation. I don ’I think
the dialogue between our
two groups is to stop these

activities on campus. ”
— ASA I’l‘t’SIdL‘II/ Za/s'i Sale/r

President of tire ASA lakt Salclt said "I think that there
is trotltittg wrong with tltis. ldon't believe that tltcte is arty
intirrridatiort, I don't think that the dialogue between orrr
two groups is to stop these activities on campus." He added
that the speaking cttgagerttcrtts were scheduled on Marclt 3.
before the dispute at the World Week festival.

The dispute drtrittg World Week focused on the question
of whether the ASA cottld display material which tltc RZA
found offensive rtt tttt event which was itttcttded to em-
plrasi/e tltc positive aspects of various cultures.

This new confrontation between campus Arab and
Jewish groups crtttte as a surprise to Dr. l-'rank l’ogue. who
:onvettcd a forum between tltc groups last Friday irt order
to prevent a repeat of sitttilar disputes as tltc teccttt World
Week iitltnic Block Party. "I know nothing about it."
Poguc said. arid refused to comment until Itc could lcartt
more about the situation.

Dean ofStnde rs Neal liroun said lte tttct with tltc
presidents of the ASA uttd tltc RZA early l‘ltutsday morn»
ittg iii “a very congenial meeting." lie added that both
groups “
events occur without interference." liccunse of this
meeting. ltrotvn said lte t'eit “not at all strte that tltc actions
of this weekend are related to the discussions. "The univer-
sity. lte added. is lcttittg botlt cvettts occur based on tlte
belief of freedom of speech arid the freedom to assemble.

The campus Jewish groups feel a necessity to respottd.
according to Smith. to demonstrate to the cotttntttttity
“tltat there are .iews on campus wlto ate ttttltappy witlt the
PLO." He added that the RZA intended a peaceful
dctttottstratiott “slatingonr view while they state their ticw.
We'll fill the vacuum.”

Smith does ttol feel that a breakdown itt talks will occur
if ASA holds the event. “The Ittlks are still going tluottglr,

no rttatter what happens Saturday. The talks are to tttakc
things tnorc workable.”

Salclt poittted ottt that tltc speaker's are being brottgltl to
SUNY to edit 'ate Ilte public about the Arab position on

2

 

figttre of approximately $150,000. This would include a
substantial reduction in spending by UAS. as a result of the
cut in strident enrollment.

Reilly added that second order effects, which would
:ause a $2,642,346 total reduction in indirect local spen-
ding. ttre a rcsttlt of laying off faculty and staff. "ifa facul-
ty member. or the member of the staff. or a student spends
less, local residents receive less income. and consequently
spend less." Reilly explained.

There are rtrorc tltatt local economic benefits provided by
SUNY. Reilly maintained.

“Tire advantages of SUNY are great in the New York
State economy." ltc said. "The long terttt eeottomle advan-
tages of having \chI cdttcatcd graduates cotttributittg to the
state is of great importance." _

Commenting on Wednesday's proposal by legislative
l-aders to restore some $304 million to the state budget. $20
rttiliion of which would go to tire SUNY/CUNY system.
Reilly said that it was art improvement. but that it would
not be enough. Ilc also said that tnore money should be re-
quested by SUNY ('entrul. “We appreciate the
Chancellor ‘s efforts to sine SUNY. btrt we need more aid.”
c\plairtcd Rcilly.

UUP President Nualla i)reseher commented. “The
(‘hanccllor's proposals are like chemotherapy: they provide
tttttttcdittte telettse to the patient. bill the side effects can be
horrendous,“

“UP is still strongly adtocating tlte itttpletrtctttalion ofa

.urcltarge on personal income tax itt the state as a wtty of
meeting lite budget dclicit.
. "It (the surcharge) is treat. clean. and would go away in a
lL'W years." said Dresclter. "unlike other forms of taxa-
tiort. which never go unity." The surcharge proposal has a
"sunset" stipulation. she explained. wlticlt would
lirttit lltc duration of Ill\tllitll1 to ttttdcr five years.

UUP is hopeful that the resolution will receive gretttcr
support as legislators become more conscious of tire impor-
tattcc oi SUNY. ltetlh noted that legislative support ltas
been increasing.

“it's not a question of whether or ttot to get revenues.
but ltow to get them." tttaintttincd Reilly. "it just doesn't
tttake sense for New York to attack oneofits tnore valuable
industries." l'E

lecture series

issues concerning the Middle Past. The Jews itt America. he
said. have long aired titcir opinions. arid the ASA wttttted to
ptesettt the other side of the atgtttnettt. Sttlelt maintained
that lte would like to see "Atttcricans attd oi " is frotrr the
unitersity see for themselves what the speakers“ opittions
are on: the .It.‘\\\. Israelis. artd on the Middle liast in

 

general."

According to Pogtte. one possible long tcrttt objective of
the talks between the ASA attd the Jewish groups might be
to “plan t'uttue actitit s. hopefully sponsored jointly."
S.t|elt c\|)ittittctl that it “as suggested by the RZA to
cosponsor such events as. perhaps. art organized debate,
btrt said that “the ASA discussed it. attd we fcel that it is
ttot :tpproptiate at this tittte. especial tl'ter,..the attack on
our table." referring to the removal of a poster from titer
ASA display by an R/..\ rttctttber. l‘lte RZA returned lite
poster the nc\t day.

“We don't I'ccl that tile RI.A represents the lsracli poittt
of view or tile Autctican .lcus' point of \ictv either." Salclt
said. adding “so. what‘s the point of hating an argument
or debate with a person who does rtot represent the other

   
 

 

side of the dispute?”

Smith responded that tltc RZA represents lltc “SUNY—
Albatty .Icws." He claimed that arty debate would be to get
students involved. .tttd to air opinions publicly.

 

pledged their cooperation irt letting each others“

 

Man attacks student

A female SUNYA stttdcrtt was accosted Thursday at
12:41) am. tlll Myrtle Atcnue itt the vicinity of the Price
Chopper. with ltcr attacker cutting her itair, according to
Albatty police.

The student. whose name Itas been withlteld. was walk-
irtg along the dark Pittc l-lills street when a trtatt passed her
tltert attacked ltcr front beitittd. attd began cutting lter
hair. he screamed arid the tttatt ran off. police said.

There was no other bodily ittjrtr to the wotttan arid
.to signs that this was an attempted rape. reported tltc
police. Still. no suspects have been arrested attd detectives
have been assigned to the case. according to Lieutenant
Nicltolsort of the Albany police.

Two similar attacks. that police refer ottl ' as “hair cut-
ting incidents" ltave occttrcd over the past two years in the
Pine llills area. police said. The most recent occttrcd lltrce
tttotttlts ago and one person ltas been appreltettded irt cott-
nectiou with these previous attacks.

The Pittc llills area was plagued by the “Pine Hills‘
Slasher” two years ago, The attacker, who slashed tltrce
woman ill the Richfield Park area. was arrested and
charged with attctttpted tttttrdcr for the attacks. according
to police.

 

 

——Itolrert ('trtrdlnler

 

 

 

