  
  

 

wont)me
 F  E...E-.S

Rebels attack border

San Jose. Cos/u Rim
(AP) Costa Rican-based rebels atttieked.
burned and abandoned Nicaragtta‘s main
southern border post arid dyiiaririied power-
lines leading to the north. treating tip the two-
front war against the leftist Sadinistu govern-
rticnt.

The rebels attacked Wednesday. striking at
Penal Blancas. a Nicaraguan post 90 miles
south of Managua. itre eapitrrl. and just
across the Costti Ricait border.

Elsewhere in Central Artterieti on Wednes-
day. Guatemalan leader (icn. ()scar
Humberto Mcjiri Vletores rirarclicd into the
Council of State and told ilre 60-tttL‘tnbcr
body he was dissolving it becarise of lack of
funds. A leading moderate eltarged right-
wing violence has iirereased since the general
seized power earlier iliis month.

in El Salvador. the Defense Miiristry ae-
eused guerrillas of “\aiidalistic occupation"
of Tenancingo, saying leftist rebels killed 1.1
civilians in a rocket rtrrd mortar attack when
they-seized the tors n for two days earlier this
week.

Beirut opens airport

Bei‘rrr/
(AP) A Lebanese jetlincr landed at llcirirt iri-
tcrntttionrtl airport Thursday. hours after the
Druse militia agreed to altorv the field to
reopen for the lirst titric iii rrrote than a
month.

Despite the concession by orte of
Lebanon's warring factions. Shiite Mosleta
militiamen detained irso U.S. Army soldiers
for about two hours after they made a wrong
turn off a rtirtiit road near the airport.

Public Works Minister Pierre ls'houry
ordered the airport to reopen for the first
time sitice Aug. 28 after the four-man cease-
fire super'risiort cortttnittcc agreed on ur-
rangettreuts to ensure the safety of the airport
and roads leading to it.

.IELAIIQNWIDE
_aarons-

Tropical storm nears

(‘upe Hal/eras. N. C.
(AP) Tropical storttr Dean veered toward the
Eastern Seaboard yesterday with winds of 60
mph arid gale \satnings went tip along the
coast from Nortlt Carolina to New York ('i-
0’

 

Forecaster iiob Slteets at the National llrtr-
t‘ieanc Center in Miami said gales were exten-
ding 300 miles to the northwest of the center
of the storm and tides tip to 4 feet above nor-
trial cotild be cspected front the Outer Banks
of North Carolina to i ong Island in New
York.

Marine recall reiected

li'ri.\'liirig!olt I). (1
(AP) The Senate yesterday rejected 55-45 a
Democratic proposal requiring President
Reagan to recall the 1.600 ll.S. Marines irt
Lebanon unless he first explains itr detail why

 

they are there.
Dcrrrocrats led by Minority Leader Robert i

2 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS SEPTEMBER 30. I983

C. Byrd Jr. had sotrglit to require that
Reagan. not Congress. inrokc the I973 War
Powers Act. a Vietnam era legacy inteded to
lirtiit the president‘s porters to send troops irr-
io coitibat lone without authority frorri the
llotise and Senate.

Under the Detnocratic proposal. further

congressional authority to keep the Marines
itt Beirtit would have been required after (r0
days. .
Sen. Dale Bumpers. l)-Ark.. said Reagan
has refused to obey the War Powers Aet.
wltose aritltors intended “no titoie Victritiitis.
no more rrridcclared rtars. ito itrore presiden»
tial wars."

Cancer appeal denied

Nashville
(AP) The Tennessee Srrprettre Court yes
day rejected an appeal by a I'rrrrriament '.
preacher who wants to stop court-ordered
treatment of his cancer-stricken darrglrter.

iii a r‘rttcAsctttcncc order. the five justices
said simply that “the court is of the opinion
that the application should be denied."

Twelrc-year-old Pamela Hamilton has
bone cancer tlrrrt. since its discovery in early
July. has created a trrrrror the sire of a foot—
ball that now eorers her left leg from knee to
hip. ‘

There was no imntediate word from at-
torneys representing her father. fairy. on a
possible appeal to the LLS. Srrpreriie Corrrt.
Brit they have said in the past they would seek
a hearing before high court.

EPA okays dredging

ll tithing/mi I). C‘.
(AP) The l€nvironrnental Protection Agency
removed a major obstacle to the dredging of
PCBs from the upper llrrdsoti River this
morning.

  

 

 

A review determined that the project was
not eligible for funds from other federal pro-
grams. EI‘S acting administrator Lee
Thomas said. and thus $20 million authoriz-
ed by Congress iti I980 for dredging now may
be spent.

An additional SI.8 ntillion will he spent to
cap five “hot spots" of polyelrlorinttted
biphenyls buried iii sediments near Fort Ed-
rs rtrd. north ol‘Aibany. That project will pro-
ceed separately. EPA spokesman Bill
lledernttir said.

The next step for New York. Hedenren
said. is to submit a plan to the ctrvirontnerrtal
agency that covers the dredging and burial of
the PCBs. of which an estimated 600.000
pounds was dumped in the river by two
General Electric plants through 1977.

STATEWIDE
1312 LE F5...

Charged In near crash

Syracuse
(AP) Crary Bradshaw. who is clrrirged with 16
counts of atterrrptcd itrrirdcr iii the near-crash
of an airliner lrist week. has been denied bail
by Onondaga County Corirt Judge William
Burke.

The judge denied bail for Bradshaw on
Thursday. Earlier this week. Bradshaw was
indicted by a grand jury. which increased
from four to 16 the number of attempted-
rntrrder counts against the 27-year-old

   

lialdwiiisvillc resident.

Witnesses aboard the twin-engined Empire
Airlines ﬂight Sept. 2] said Bradshaw rose
from his seat wltilc the plane was ap-
proaching the Syracuse ttirport. reached bet-

 

 

 

ween the pilot and co-pilot and cut off fuel to
one engine.

The airplane apparently was about 1,000
feet above the ground when the incident oe-
eurred arid dropped about 700 feet before tire
pilot smoothed out the approach for landing.

Manila—trip uncertain

New York
(AP) President Reagan has hinted that lie
might not be able to go to strife-torn Manila
in November as planned because Congress
may still be in session at the time.

He said in an interview with reporters and
editors of the New York Post on Monday
tltat. "the trip is still planned." but that he
titlght not go if the Congressional session
lasts longer than expected.

"ifthcre would be any reason to change it.
it would be domestic because...we had plann-
cd that trip with the idea that Congress would
not be in session. but would ltave gone
home." he was quoted as saying in Thurs-
day's newspaper.

Cooke sends prayers

Note York

(AP) Cardinal Terence Cooke. the let mittrtlly
ill archbishop of New York. has sent notes rsl
sympathy to Jimmy Carter. the New York
Archdiocese announced Thursday.

in it wire Tuesday to the former president.
Cooke extended to Carterand his family
"my heartfelt sympathy and prayers on the
death of your beloved sister. Ruth. May you
be strengthened by your ftiitlr in the lotrl
Jesus triid may our Savior welcorrre Ruth ittlrr
his kingdom of piglit and peace.”

Ruth Carter Stapleton died Monday or
pancreatic cancer.

Cooke. stricken with leukemia. has been in
isolation iii his quarters adjoining St.
Patrick's Cathedral.

 



\ \lF was“ waft” my ﬂ

. . .titltlﬂﬂl'tlllsi” t‘
03 into October. snub-titers :ri

 

 

 

 

PREVIEW 0F

slon. All are wolcomoi

Center at it pin. Tickuts are on auto trance
tor $3.00 with a tax card. For more Prlzog
information call: 457-8608.

 

FREE 1.1.9 TINGS"

The Gay and Lasblan Alliance will Telethon ‘84 Gortoral Intorost
hold a meeting Tuesday. October 4 mootlng will be hold on Tuesday. A Physlc‘s colloquium mm...“
at 8:30 pm in Campus Game! 375. October a at 7:30 pm in Locturo “Grain Boundary Chemistry in
Tho topic is bisexuality. There will Cantor 5.

“0 Wm" WWW” “"1 “ u'scus‘ Telethon '84 Try~A-Tbalon will on
held Saturday. October 1 at 1 pin on CiY‘lo B'lﬂni-
:Ilsa Monte Dance Company will be the llold between Dutch nird indlan

prosonttno "Pall Mall" on FtldaY. Quads.
Sopiombor 30 and Saturday. 06- elude: volleyball. water curry racos.
iobur t In tho Portorming Arts and egg tosses. Then) is a $10 on-

Sign ups are on dlnnor Itnoa.

EVENTS

Committee ts accepting applica.
tlons lot Judicial Board. Applica~
tiorrs rrro available in Adtninlstru- 457-8608.
tion 129. Application deadlines am
Tuesday. October 4 at 5 pin.

Metals" will be hold today at 3 pm in
PM 129. Thu speaker will be Dr.

The University Student Judicial Octobor4~6at8pm;Fridny.Octobar Doug Sortl's Jazz Quartet Is
7‘“ 7530 4”" S“WHY.OctoborBatB scheduled to play on Sunday. Oar
Pm- For more Information call: tobor 2 for an exclusive. one night

462-8711

 

 

 

Downtown Albanyiust is scheduled item 8 pm to l2 mldrritlhl “'
for Saturday. October 8 lrom 9 am Vorruto‘s. 1629 State Street (ill
to 6 pm. The street party will be!
sponsored by the City of Albany 1 lorrnntion call: 3724114-
:rrgoowrsrtotwn merchants. It will be '

o a or Poarl Stroot botw

State Street and Van Tromp 303:: Tho 0” campus Assocmlo" WI“
For more lntormntton call Pat

Schodulod events will in- ThoGlasa Monagortomptay by Ten~ Duvuno' 0”" Ans °"'°° “‘ (5‘8) campusioungo.
rrrrason Williams. directed by ‘

William Loono. will be presented by

too tor a to person loam. University Theatre in tho Portorrn‘

lncludo t-slrltts and MW!)- trrg Arts Center. Potlorrnatrcos are

scheduled for Ttrosday~Thuradny. am in Campus Cantor 33-1.

Returning Women Students will be latest mooring Sunday. Octobar2at
"wound on Monday.Octobor Sat to 9 pm In tho Patroon Lounge. All lir-

only appearance at Vorruto's Part
dock Bar. Tho Jazz Quartet will play

Route 7). Schenectady. For rrroro ills

hold an lntorost "rooting on Tues
day. October 4 at 6 pm in the oil

The Class of 1985 will hold an |rr~

 

torostotl iirnlors aro urged to attotrd.
___l

 

r

 

' SEPTEMBER 30. I983 tr A L'BANY $TUDEIV1" 'PREs's" 3

SASU officials fear more fees in SUNY budget

 

By Liz Reich
smrr It'll/TER

 

No tuition or rootrt rent increases are included in the pro-
posed l984si985 SUNY budget. however fee institu-
tionalization is feared, according to SASU President .lim
Tierney.

The budget proposed was made to the SUNY Board of
Trustees Sept. 28. which will review it and make a filial
decision next rrrorrtli. At that point. it will go to the State
Division of Bridget.

According to Lars lsttaeson. the Executive Vice President
of SASU. the Board will probably approve the budget its is.
“We think it‘s a pretty good budget. the Board thinks it‘s a
pretty good budget. and we hope the governor likes it.”

Tierney sees the btidget as a “major victory" for
students. brit fears “attempts by administrators to charge a
fee for what was before an essential education service." He
said. "Fees are the deadliest kind of tuition increase
because they are not covered under ﬁnancial aid. are not
quantified by the media. and are individually easier to in-
stitutionalizc."

Although no fees are proposed. one reason fee institu-
tionalization is fettred this year is a call letter from Gover-
nor Cuomo's Director of Budget Mieiiael Finnerty. urging
state agencies to “examine all services provided by (them)
iii an effort to maximize fees and charges wirielt may be ap-
propriated. institutionalized. or raised." Tierney emphasiz-
ed this was a "part of the normal budgetary procedure”
bttt hopes to eliminate fees in the SUNY system.

“i don't believe students should be charged fees for such
essential education costs as frogs in bio-labs. library cards.
or bus service on a split campus. We would prefer that if
any money is raised that it come from tuition. not fees. and
tuition should be raised as a last resort." he said.

Tierney said he does not believe it would be unfair to
charge all students more tuition for services that not all
students require. He reasons that an engineer should not
have to pay more tuition than a historian just because the
engineer's lab costs exceed the historian's library use cost.

According to SA President Rich Schaffer. “the bus fee
issue is setting a dangerous precedent because it is a fee on
an essential service.” He feels the bus service is essential for
two reasons. The ﬁrst is housing. “There are approximate-
ly 250 students without housing on campus due to an in-
creased number of returning students who requested on-
campus housing. lfa bus fee is charged. more students may
opt to stay on campus." he explained.

The other reason Schaffer views the free bus system as an
essential service is the spill campus of Albany State. “Since
the Rockefeller College recently opened downtown it is im-
portant to have air operable bus system." Tire College

 

SUNY Control; lnoot: SUNY Chancellor Clifton Wharton

UPI

 

“We thin/r It's a pretty good budget, we hope Ihe governor like: il. "

houses such departments as Political Science. Public Af-
fairs. and Social Welfare. and Schal'fcr feels students.
faculty. and administrators need the bus to have access to

It.

Additionally. Schaffer criticized the bus fee 'for ad-
ministrative reasons. “Half the income received from the
fee will go for administrative fees. such as issuing bus
passes to students." He was also disturbed by the approval
process of the bus fee. “it was a severe violation of the
SUNY process. We were not informed of the fee until after
it was approved."

Schaffer expounded his views on the bus fee before a
meeting of the SUNY Board of Trustees Wednesday. "l

was surprised at how receptive they were." he said. "It
heightened their interest in the subject and i think there will
be a lot of discussion about it in the next month."

Although detrimental fees have not plagued the SUNY
system in the past. Tierney said. “in the California State
University system they charge a fee for just about
everything. It amounts to 5400-3500 a year." Although
ultimately defeated. Tierney recalls last year such SUNY
fees were proposed as a $25 per student computer fee.
$200-$250 mandatory student health insurance fee. and a
$50 per student ‘Common Area Damage' fee which every
Student in the dorms would have to pay." Said Tierney.
"We are trying to stop something before it happens."

 

Officials say cuts will not affect campus jobs

By Jane Anderson

Over the past |scvcrttl years. cuts in
gtrararrteed loans rtiid increases itt tuition
ltave pirt more students in need of jobs dur-
ing the school year. arid according to many
of tltcrtr. tltc jobs they rtecd just aren't
available.

This year's budget errts have had little to
do with a job shortage on campus. According

to Vice President of Strident Affairs. Frank
Pogne. “Bridget etrts didn‘t have a negative
impact onjobs for students at this riniversiiy.
'1 here was no decline iii the number of jobs
available to students." He said that students
might find jobs iir a lab or office of an
academic rlcpartrrrerrt “in which the student
has some knowledge.“ and that this year the
number of striderrts “working directly with
professors has increased."

 

 

 

l._lA$_ student enrployooat thefts}-

"Ilia/gel t‘tll.\‘ rlt'rln'l hove a negative illi/itlt'i. '

 

 

LOIS MATTABONI UPS

According to Director of Financial Aids
Donald A. \\'lrit|ock. 2.000 work study posi-
tions were offered this year as part of finan-
cial airl packages. Work study places students
iii \aiious academic depar intents. .rd-
niinistrrtthc olfiecs. rind the library.

iliiiscrsity .-\tisi||iitt’y Scisiccs is a major
source of on~carnptrs jobs for students. with
about (s00 part-time positions. Ronald
Clouglr. the Director for (‘ontraet l-‘ood Ser-
vice at UAS. said that “there are a lot of peo-
ple looking for work. and we try to keep the
avenues open as trrticlt as possible." He mett-
tiorrcd that the wait for a job with UAS
“could be a couple of months. and we hire 90
percent of orrr September work force itr
May." Cloitgh added that students who have
worked for UAS before and those who live
on-cttmptis usually get preference.

The New York State Department of Labor
Job Service Center takes applications in its
campus center office from students seeking
temporary or part-time employment. on arid
off-campus. Orr-campus grotrps such as Stu-
dctit Association. the Office of Residential
Life. and Traffic Safety list openings with the
center; off-campus employment oppor-
tunities range anywhere from clerical work to
dog-walking.

The center had 1005 applicants for jobs
from Sept. Will to May Wit]. according to
Patti .l. Korol. art employment interviewer at
the center. Out of those (tilts were referred
to employers. some going to more than one
interview. arid .170 received jobs. “No es»
perietrcc is necessary for 05 percent of tire
jobs we list. All it students needs is rt desire to
work." said Kotol.

A student who asked not to be identified
said. “I was listed with them (Department of
labor) for several rnoittlis last year, arrrl I did
get sortie interviews. brrt no job. it really gets
discouraging rrfter a while.“

“I try not to send any student to a job that
he doesn‘t have it 70 percent chance of get-
ting." said ls'orol. lle trdded that the nuttrber

of jobs arailalrle is “up about 25 percent"
from last year. brrt that the number of sitt-
detrt applicants for jobs is lorscr than it was
last year .it this time. "l “as a lot busier last
year with applicants. brit tltcie could be,
reasons for it. People who came here last year
know the rorrtirie now. they don't hare to ask
me" .rborrt the application pr. cedtrre.

"i:\|\t.‘t'ittli0lt.\ are greater than they should
be." said Assistant Dean of Student Affairs
[3. i:lttllk Vetosky. “Students cotrre to the
Department of Labor looking for positions
— trot for niiniinutn \\ age jobs. and they are
too specific itt what they rvririt.

“The students have to give tis a chance.
There's no guarantee that they'llch the first
job they try for. but if students stick with us
we'll get thcrrr a job.“ said Vctosky.
“Students must check with us regularly." tid-
dcd Kot'ol. “if they come here on a regular
basis we will find them a job. Jobs are not
that hard to come by."

Pogue adder! that "Jobs are very few here
for anybody. unless you are trained." Tire
reason for this. lies in the nature of the
Albany area itself. Pogtie said. "The federal.
state. rrtid local governments are the tnain
sources oi‘employmcrtt for tire city. and there
is little small industry.” Poguc added that
“the Albany community is friendly towards
the students. brrt with some reservations."

“it's tough for a student to get ajob in tire
Albany area." said SA Vice President .lel'l'
Schneider. Selirreidet believes that luck plays
a large role in finding employment. “Yoti
sometimes just hare tribe in the right place rrr
the right time." he said. "it‘s torrglt to get a
job but it‘s not impossible," lle advises
students who are job-searching to “let people
know you're looking for something etrtly -
those keeping ahead of what‘s going on will
get the jobs. there are riot rt lot of jobs otrt
tlrct‘e. btrt there are sortie — the only way to
find one is to persevere and just keep
trying." ' iii

., . ._..e up“... .. .,., . um magma"-

 

