 

 

‘~  _ ..

«ea-5m 7.

 

l .
16 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS :1 OCTOBER 21, I983

 

 

9 . University.
6 ‘ Concert
Board

proudly'
presents

AN EVENING WITH

“THE '

at the PALACE THEATRE

Tickets:

 

For further information call:

 

457-8520

BAND”

' SUNDAY, OCT. 23rd at 8PM

$7 SUNYA STUDENT
$10 GENERAL PUBLIC

TICKETS ON SALE IN THE
CAMPUS CENTER LOBBY
-Mon-Fri-11AM - 3:30PM

AT STRA WBERRIES AND THE PALACE THEATRE
BOX OFFICE ‘

S.A. Funded

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

.‘.;,V, K,

OCTOBER 21,1983 Ci ALBANYSTU ENTPRESS 

Chippewa lndian speaker recalls being jailed

 

By Suzanne Murphy

 

Adam Fortunate Eagle Nordwall. a Chip-
pewa lndian. was jailed a year and a half ago
for selling eagle feathers.

After a hung jury and an unpaid fine of
$15,000 Nordwall is still fighting with the
federal government. He spoke about some
of the obstacles he’s encountered with the
government and the plight of American in-
dians' civil rigltts at a speech sponsored by
the Anthropology Club Wednesday night.

Nordwall was introduced by Dr. Peter
Furst, a member of the anthropology depart-
ment at SUNYA. Furst said he and his wife
Jill met Nordwall while camping in Sante Fe
last summer.

Nordwall addressed the audience with his
hair in two long braids. wearing traditional
lndian beads and shirt, and smiling as he
spoke. Yet. the fight for “the right to be an
American lndian" is a "somber thing," said
Nordwall.

He spoke of Indian civil rights, saying that
not until 1887 were American lndians
recognized as people by the federal govern-
ment. "To prove that we were not animals.
but people." said Nordwall. “an indian had
to humble himselfand cry in a federal court.
Animals cannot cry." he said.

in l924, the speaker pointed out. lndians
were finally given the right of citizenship.
However. "this only gave the indians the ap-

‘ pearance of citizenship." He explained that

lndians are required to take a competency
test. “if you don't pass. you are considered
incompetent and the federal government
sends the Bureau of indian Affairs to guide
you. We have another name for the BIA:
Boss lndians Around." he said.

in 1969. he continued, the American in-
dian Freedom of Religion and Worship Act
was passed. proving that if such an act had to
be passed that “lndian citizenship was a
tokenism. a joke."

Nordwall then held up a thick volume of
papers saying. “in 1979 President Carter
signed one page of this: the American lndian
Religious Freedom Act. He directed it to
Congress to get some legislative teeth put into

Hoffman speaks

<5
relations. in 1980 he was a foreign policy ad-
viser to presidential candidate John l3.
Anderson. He also has studied at the Kennan
institute for Advanced Russian studies of the
Woodrow Wilson international Center for
scholars in Washington, D.C..

His talk was the first of three lectures of-
fered in the Rockefeller College
Undergraduate Program Lecture Series dur-
ing the fall semester. Richard Small. pro-
fessor in the School of Social Welfare will
speak on "The impact of Reagan Economics
on Health and Social Services in New York
State” November 9. Sherwood Zimmerman.
director of the Ofﬁce of Program and
Development and Research. New York State
Division of Criminal Justice Services, will
speak about “Dilemma of Contemporary
Correctional Policy" on December 7.

All lectures are free and open to the
public. [3

 

it. but that was never carried out. These
pages have no legislative backing. The
government doesn't want to talk to us about
it."

Nordwall also spoke of his personal battle
with the United States government over in-
dian ceremonial rights. “The 'outcome of
this battle could effect all American
indians." he said. A year and a half ago,
he explained. he was approached on his reser-
vation by an urban lndian from Oregon who
expressed the chire to return to the tradi-
tional ways. The indiun wished to purchase
eagle feathers from Nordwall. “i am a pipe
holder. which gives me certain rcsponsibilites
and obligations to help people who come to
the reservation and want something in a
cerernoniai way. They have a kind of need
and they express that need. i believed this
man because he scented sincere and spoke
such sweet words to me. i wish to trust
everyone. i wish to love everyone. i wish to
be friends with everyone," said Nordwall.

llut he said that under several federal acts.
ndians cannot buy. sell. or trade eagle
feathers. He then pointed out that for cen-
tttrics eagle feathers have been the sacred
ceremonial objects of the lndians. “The
eagle.” he said. “is the messenger to the
Grandfather. the lndian spiritual leader and
creator of all things."

He made three transactions with the
Oregon lndian. he said. After the third.
Nordwall and the buyer went to his gallery to
look at sortie of Nordwall's art. The building
was then surrounded by federal agents and he
was arrested for violation of federal laws. “1
was handcuffed and shackled with leg irons
and tltcn taken to a holding facility in Reno.
Nevada." said Nordwall. “When i was
booked. the prosecutor called my violation a
heinous crime. When the president-elect of
Lebanon was assasinated last year. President
Reagan said to the American people that the
assasination was a cowardly heinous crime. 1
was just one word away from being like a
presidential assasin." he said.

The judge set his bond at $20,000 cash.
cer’til‘icate bond. or corporate bottd. “None
of which are available to iudians on reserva-
tions because under federal law. we cannot
put up collateral. it was a real Catch-22
situation." Nordwall‘s lawyer appealed to
the court to let him out on his own
recognizance. on the fact that he had no past
record and was a valued ntctnbcr of his com-
munity. The judge refused. said Nordwall.
but lowered bail to $10,000. His wife and
friends managed to raise the money. making
the payment just mintttes before the
deadline, rccallcd Nordwall.

Last February. the Grand Jury reconvened
for his trial, Nordwall said. He was re-
indicted under a superceding law: the
Migratory Bird Act. “The jurors could not
convict me. but they would not acquit me."
The trial was pronounced a mistrial.

Since the trial. the government has brought
a civil penalty against him. assessing him with
a line of $15,000. "l'm not worried. first
because i don't have the money. Secondly, i
have no fear. " Nordwall said.

in religious ceremonies and pow wows. ln-
dians all over the nation and Canada have
prayed for him. “They have removed fear
and worry from my headbone," said Nord-

 

 

 

Adgm Fortune Eagle Nordwall

 

ROBERT LUCKEV UPS

"The rich! Io be (Ill American Indian is" a sober I/ting. "

wall.

in addition to the line, Nordwall said. the
government is still holding his eagle feathers.
They will release them only on the condition
he registers them. signs his own search war-
rant (so that they ean check on his feathers at
any time) and pay a rent on them until his ac-
quittal. All American lndians are supposed
to register their eagle feathers under federal
law. he explained.

“The government controls the religious
ceremonial objects of the lndians. The New
York Times Magazine did a story on Sunday
about USSR control over church organiza-
tions. in Russia they control their ceremonial
)bjects: candles. incense, wine, bread and
went bibles. What’s the difference?," Nord-
wall asserted.

“The federal government is now letting me
swing on the rope ofjustice, waiting for their

next move." said Nordwall. He went on to
say that the Federal Solicitors Ofﬁce in
Washington called his lawyer and said. "We
realize we have a conﬂict in lndian Federal
Laws. but we're going to let the lndian light
it out." according to Nordwall.

“Now in the indian way. i take this as a
great honor. The government has a problem
and they want to give me the honor of help-
ing them straighten it out. The United States
of America vs. Adam Nordwall a.k.a. For-
tunate Eagle. At 250 billion to one odds. i
think l'ii ﬁght."

When Nordwall introduced himself to
Peter and Jill Furst last summer the Fursts
found him so interesting that Jill made a deci-
sion to write Nordwall's life history, explain-
ed SUNYA professor Furst. The biography
of Fortunate Eagle is due out sometime in
1985. Furst said. Cl

 

 

 

 

SA Funded

 

WIRA winter intramurals
HEW“

Volleyba||-mens, womens, coed
Tues 10/25 4:00 LC '9

Waterpolo (coed) ll/l 7:00 pm

Raquefball ll/2 7:00 pm

Must bring rosters and $15 to the meeting
Rosters available in intramural ofﬁce in gym 7- 5203

¥ place to be

announced

 

Pine Hills PIZZERIA

289 Ouranio Smear

 

 

 

 

Hor Oualiry New Yonk on Sicilian Style Pizza —L T»- "w
FREE Dcliveny ro SUNYA Up rowu 8t Down rowu Dorms mm
ﬁlm?” 1“ m": Monday that Thursday’lagﬁﬁlﬂ- Friday It AM~2AM ' mg::’"" I" “m:
Warm Saturday 2 PM-z AM -Sundly 2 PM-t AM  a on“)
illitl‘iiﬁ“ (For lunch. pin-n order below 1 1 AM) onion.
"m chm" w an. a mu m Winds mun man-MI mm. cu m am am Into. an, film“

 

Offer Expires 5200
' October 30 F
Pine Hills Plzzaoaﬁ t
lil
ZA

 

Coupon 2

Any Illa-sun; it’hiantua

wt any oppngs v

only. 55,, Offer Expires
October 30

Pine Hill: Plul Coupon
Coupon Pet Mot
4615500

 

Any 12-cut Sicilian Plus

with any 3 toppings
my 5135 Offer Expires
PtnslltltsPitzaCoupaa  
Ono Cannon Pol 0100!

Otter Expires 525°

October 30 OFF
Pine Hillis any
Plzza 2'Pizza

Coupon "'37

 

4.
NZ
482-5500

One Coupon
Per Order

 

1” OFF ANY PIZZA

Rina Hillsl’izza tieupon — Ono Coupon For Older

Otter Expires

“2'5500 October 30

One Coupon
Per Order 482-5500

 

 

 

 

 

