 
 

 

 

,3. ASPECTS.

Twister

After a hard day at work. now comes Miller Time. Miller Time is an amazing
concept. because unlike noon. unlike evening or even dawn and dusk. which
rely on the sun. Miller Time Is subject to your time.

' For most other beers. you have to wait for something to occur. For Michelob,
its the weekends. if you're thirsty for some Lowenbrau‘. you have to be toasting
good friends. on 'ktnd of special' nights. if you want a Molson. you have to go
camping and wait around for a nut who's wandering around with rnly a cooler.

Not Miller though. Miller is ready when you are. And It doesn't discriminate
against non-macho occupations. Whether you've just pulled an all nighter at the
ASP. or you've just taken your third computer science midterm. you deserve to

’ drink a Miller.

Genessee pushes the natural side of it's beer by creating the absurd impression
that your average German wildlife researcher doesn't mind comparing the work.
of beavers with the opening of a can of beer.

The Light beers are not without fault either, Do you know anyone who will
play a tennis match well only If the winning prize is a Mich Light? Does knowing
tgl;at there's a 'Mtchelob Light for the winners‘ really improve a team's volleyball

me

And how about “Come to think of it, Hi have a Heineken?" Sure. At $1.50 a
bottle. it's more like — isn't It time you heard about recession; which is the
reason it Isn‘t time i tried a Heineken.

ldon't know. I like Miller's ads. They come right out and say it. “Welcome to
Miller Time." No fiercely competitive sports. no camping. no wildlife- just bring
your thirsty self right here and have that rich smooth taste of Miller Beer.



Inside...
3a

Ed Relnes looks into the extravaganza of a Grateful D

e d
held at the collossal Carrier Dome, and Ben Gordon reitetftls'cfll'e
iong—awalted-for Best of the Sensational Alex Haruey Band.

{‘centerfold »
Wayne Peereboom recalls a Saturday night of troubles during a

Halloween of his youth.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

a.
The Greek And Cypriot Student
Association
Proudly Congratulates

THE
OLYMPIANS

for their outstanding
performance and winning the
soccer league
CHAMPIONSHIP.

The Team
1. Socrates Paschalides

 

10. Stavros Ierodt'aconou

2. Pantelis Keliris ll. Christakis Vassiliou

3. Pans Constantinides 12. Michael Charilaou

4. Sypros Christodoulides l3. Elias Epipheniou

5. SavvasEliadea l4. Demetris Spareis

6. George ngiorgis 15. Ody Papepetrou

7. Perri Akritas l6. Panikos Loizou ‘
8. loam-tie Georgiou 17. Chris Ioannides

9. George Vakis

 

 

 

j .

Opening Act

 

grenad-

wood warmth of late October fireplaces
sings its way into my lungs
in a place
where welcome mats extend into houses
that have no clocks,
where you can melt
into the velvet of a sofa
and disappear.
it’s the height of the apple season
and the musky trailings of nutmeg
diffuse into every room in the house
and all the while
in Nutmeg Land
it rains fireplace fire
and bleeds apple-red blood;

in my mouth
mom's apple pie
dissolves into shrapnel

‘ —Michelle J. Krell
Grenada exports large amounts of nutmeg.

 

'63 7a

Sue Spector speaks with come- Daniel Barth portrays an em

 
 

iit'il"

 

  
 
 
 

dian David Brenner on life and dinary character's ‘  -
the New York Way. Ben G. journey through the rlclr'rilllullf
returns to review The Great human mechanics and love hid
Halloween Book, which covers- Kim Patch profiles one of 1tlr
everythingfromcostumesto dirty late-night saints of an Albert:

 

  

tricks. eatery.

 

 

 

 

 

a .
UII‘

(Szpefttrlum guides you another culture-filled bonanza of a Week in

inap a an: On the comic side, Percy enters the world of motorbik~

g. an t e Freshman receives a surprise visit the morning after.

i
(seem Weatch

at

 

p _____L _e

 

 

 

 

 

await m.—

JIM DIMMENNU = r.er GUITAK
AL LEMERY : ctrcruc ttuusrrt l
:1th Moms: mu srrn.

—dlM matte : BA“ ——*-

 

  

 

 

 

 

THURﬁDAY = ocr. 27w 3m - n at
M Fill. 1 OCT, 28W9m - 1AM

tinturrsttu Auxitturu brrutru Spannurrb

"Imam

llAI.L

[A

 

 

 

 

 

..-...._........_..Mv....u_._.....  ..__._. ..

OCTOBER 28, 1983
X

 

 

OCTOBER 28. 1983

 

r.
 n the way out of the Car-
;i O rier Dome last Saturday

night. someone was selling
bumper stickers that read. “There is
nothing quite like a Grateful Dead
concert." This bumper sticker ar-
ticulated what had been very ob-
vious moments ago: the Grateful
Dead are unique.


,-
a;


:1:-

1..

Edward Reines

This attitude is typical of the
"Deadhead" Worldview. In which
otre doesn't act or feel better than
others. but slrtrply respects each per
son's freedonr to be unique.

The sense of community among
the crowd attending the Syracuse
concert. and every other Dead con
cert. is hard to find at other
rock'n'roll shows. This sense of faint
ly manifests itself in rtrany ways: the
sharing of chairs, the distribution of
precious water. the passing of joints.
and random acts such as strangers
stopping strangers just to shake
hands. This crowd solidarity
transforms a concert into an event;
everyone contributing with whatever
active participation they deem ape
proprlate. More simply. the concert
isn't a unilateral performance. but
rather a group relationship.

Tire crowd. about 40.000 strong.
prevented the from catching the first
half of the openltrg act, The Band.
When i arrived at the seat i had pur-
chased. i could make out bright
lights about 80 yards away. Upon
further inspection. l heard a muffled
sound that reminded me of listening
to my next door neighbor's stereo.

Between shows l partook in the
traditional seat improvement pro-
cess. When i could go no further. l
procured a seat. I found myself in
front .of the soundboard. the ideal
place’to sit acoustically, This ex-
plains why i was In a forest of
microphones held by a multitude of
Deadheads taping the show.

The ritual of taping has grown
with the advancements in
technology. The resulting increase to
tape quality and availability further
strenghtens the bonds among the
family of Deadheads.

Tire attitude among the tapers was
one of anticipation. Most people
who tape shows have followed this
fall tour from North Carolina to Lake

0

 

from hepatitis.

Ben Gordon

Harvey: a mad genius musician and exrstrcet gang leader.

‘ was thirty-six when the band released its first album. Next. itr
1073. The title track. which was ctr-written by Jacques lirel.

set the stage for the sort of stylistic diversity that wuuld
become the band's trademark. Plenty of additional covers
followed. some of them goofy and great. and others not as
successful, but always intriguing. The trrost notable are irr-
cluded here. "Runaway" is a Del Shrmon composition.
"Crazy Horses" was written by the ()smonds: and “Big Tree.

Small Axe" is by Bob Marley. Aside from “Next.” which is

cover was a hit for Tom Jones.

great fun. the band's best

"Tomorrow Belongs to Me." an old German traditional. was
liberated by Harvey and became the title track of another

SAHB studio album.

Because a lot of the inspiration for the band‘s material
selection derived from a beer swilling. “inside joke' kind of at-
mosphere. it soon became apparent that one had to see the
band in concert to fully understand and enjoy their music.
Harvey was a true showman. and many of the group's
numbers featured dramatic supplements. from burlesque
strippers to guitarist Zal Cleminson's harlequin make-up. it Is
a shame that this Best a] collection does not include live ver-

“{»'»..~£a~tar:‘-'t ' ‘

ne of the most amusing and interesting records to
pop up in the import bins this year is the two-disc
set. The Best of the Sensational Alex l'ltrruey
Bund. This lengthy tour through the SAHB repertoire hits
most of.the high spots and even some of the low spots in the
diverse and colorful career. It serves as an appropriate
memorial for group leader Alex Harvey. who died last year

f Experiencing

Soundscape

The

 

 

Placid. This being the last show on
the East Coast this year. and maybe
quite a bit longer. (there has been
talk of an indefinite break after New
Year's) everyone expected a par»
ticularly lrot show. On top of this.
Tire Band's presence further boosted
anticipation because everyone
hoped that the two bands would
play a few songs together. Thus was
not the case. but a solid performance
by The Band helped set an upbeat
atmosphere for the approaching
show.

The Dead opened the notlcably
short. 7«song first set with a
somewhat commercial tune.
“Shakedown Street." The opening
was mediocre. but after a few ad-
justments on stage arid at the sound-
board. the pace arrd energy picked
up. The high points of the set were
Jerry Garcia tunes "Birdsong" and
"Candyman." which included exten-
sive flowing leads from an intense
Garcia. They closed out the set with
“Hell in a Bucket" and "Day Job,"
two of their new songs that are ex»

material.

 

pected to be released on the upcom-
ing album.

After a characteristic 45 minute
break. the Dead returned with acou—
ple of old stalwarts. "China Cat/l
Know You Rider" and “Terrapin
Station." which showcased the im-
provisational prowess of the whole
band. "Terrapin Station" featured
Phil Lesh's thunderous bass line.
followed by the drum solo in which
Mickey Hart and Bill Kruetzenmen
compliment each other so well. The
newest addition to the band. Brent
Mydland. gives a fullness to the
sound with his timely keyboards and
bluesy backup vocals. Rhythm
guitarist Bob Weir. an integral part of
the band. captivates the audience
with zealous and riveting vocals. par
ticularly during second set songs.
"The Women are Smarter" and
“Throwin' Stones."

Traditionally. the meanings
behind Grateful Dead songs have
been for each person to interpret
and apply individually. Recently
they have been steering from the
arnbigulty of the past to more vivid

sions of at least some of the tracks. l strongly recommend
searching out the band's thIL’ LP. the only SAHB album still
in print in this country. it is on that record that Harvey's
talents as a Composer and performer are revealed most
brilliantly. As with Cheap Trick's Live at Budakan album. the
concert performances outslrtne what is already formidable

it Is on the strength of Harvey's best originals that this an-
thology becomes of interest to others besides Anglophiles
and rock historians. "Faith Healer" is one of the greatest rock
and roll songs ever written. The song is based on Harvey‘s
own interpretations of science fiction and folklore. but when

 

4-

Dead Q

     
  

songs confronting contemporary
issues. One such example from
Saturday night is “Throwin' Stones."
a new Bob Weir song that warns of a
coming Nuclear Holocaust.
Throughout the song everyone is
conscious of the serious nature of
the lyrics. I feared for a fraction of a
moment that the crowd might act
lrostilly with reality thrown in its face.
Of course. this fear was unfounded.
Tire Dome echoed with the haunting
words: “While the radical - he rants
and raves. saying someone's got to
be left to turn'the page. The rich
man is in his summer home. saying
just leave well enough alone. The
politicians throwing stones while the
kids all dance and shake their bones.
‘cause it's all too clear we're on our
own, Ashes to Ashes - we all fall
down."

After Phil Lesh's hass went out itr
the middle of the 2nd set the hand
lost momentum They closed the set
with the expected pop tune. “One
More Saturday Night." For their en-
core. the Dead did their own version

 

 

 

 

 

of the Beatle‘s “Revolution.” which
they unveiled this tour; It was done
quite well with a slow tempo.
When the lights went on all
acknowledged that it was an above-
average show. although it didn't
quite live up to all expectations.

A Grateful Dead show doesn't
begin and end with the show. After
the concert. fans congregated out-
side the Dome to listen to bootleg
tapes. including copies of the show
they just participated in. Beer was
flowing, people ran into old friends.
people r‘anrinto new friends. they all
discussed the show. Many goods
were bought. sold and bartered in-
cluding tie-dyed shirts. posters.
drugs. and bumperstickers:
somehow the bumperstickers make
the most precise statements. l have
attempted to give you an idea of the
etnotton and aura of a Grateful Dead
concert. Like the bumperstlcker i
bought states. “They are a band
beyond description." One must par-
take to get a true notion of the magic
that is a Grateful Dead concert. [7

The Late Great Alex Harvey

he sings, “Let me put my hands on you!" he could tust as
easily be a rock star singing to his groupies. Characteristical-
ly. "Vatnbo" is about an English comic book character; as
Harvey put it. “a cross between Santa Claus and Spider-
Man." Tire juicy. stinging guitars provide a magic buzz; the
sounds achieved are truly unique. “Tomahawk Kid" is based
on Robert Louis Stevenson's Treasure Island, and Harvey's
pirate style garb and “yo-go-go" chanting anticipate the pos-
ing of Adam Ant. Other comparisons are difficult: this stuff is
truly unlike anything else and certainly worth hearing.

Not all of the original material by the group had the magic
aura surrounding “Faith l‘lealer." "The Tale of the (liant
Stone Eater" is a confused. surrealistic fairy tale. with pleas
ing passages set side by side with screwing around Definitely
a hodge-podge of something. but i haven't figured out what
Featured is the line. “And another tree dies of shame.

The whimstcal “Sergeant Fury" is much more fun. Set to a
real leg-swinging old tithe dance beat reminiscent of "Puttin'
on the lfitr,” it's guaranteed to make your parents ask you
what you're listening to.

“Weights Made of Lead" is almost a parody and an old
sir glc of the same name which flopped. The lyrics are Patti
Revere and the Raiders style frolicking. but behind the
rhythm is a chattering. taunting guitar that makes the whole
thing ludicrous and hilarious. it really makes one wonder
what sort of thought went into the composing of the song.
“Boston Tea Party." the song that follows. is equally mystify<
ing but not necessarily bad -— just strange.

The most serious 50er on the album is unarguably'the
somber “Anthem,” wherein the sad realities of life take all the
fun away. The Scottish Highland style drumming and bursts
of rock guitar combine with the lyrics to form a perfect elegy
for a mad genius who refused to stay in step with his time.
the better to savor all of history unrestrained. Cl

 

