 

 

4t. l1‘<'i‘iv?“.aumshg~a;53h~gt

 

 

    
    
   

 
 

ondering where you '
fit in...
Worried about your '
relationships...
Concerns on

birth control...
VD.homosexualtty...

"lanai A rues YOU
can 60 sort :1st

GENESIS ‘

Sexuality Resource
Center
105 Schuyler Hall
457-8015

Mon.-Thurs.Eve.: 7:00-10:00p.m.
Mon-Thurs: 2:00-4:00p.m.

 

 

 

A service provided by

CALL 01: STOP 1N 5‘”“°"' “W” and Student Association

  

 

 

FIRESIDE THEATER

proudly presents :

CHARLOTTE'S .WED

Wednesday, March 16
. FREE
LC 1 8:00 pm.

Dedicated to Telethon
We Wish You LUCK!

 

 

 

 

 

J.S.C.-Hillel’ :
S'I'IIDEII'I'S FOR ISRAEL
is having an important planning

meeting tonight,

TuesdayMarch 15th.at 7:30 pm.
in the Assembly Hall

If you’re interested, Please attend
For info: J.S.C.-Hi//e/ 7- 7508
S.A. FUNDED

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘5

‘seniors’

pick up your ‘senior oards’

campus center 343 (ticket window)
MONDAY - FRIDAY MARCH 14 - 18
9 AM. - 2 PM.
MONDAY - WEDNESDAY MARCH 21 - 23

Eur-Bose YouMhave a ‘SENIOR CARD’
0 purchase ‘SENIOR TICKETS' this APRIL!

ellllbllltz Those seniors who have paid class dues for

the past 4 semesters. The payment of past
class dues is possible at this time.

  

(Each semester owed is 53.00 which should

0 be paid In cash only.) i...

A;

 

Attention
All CROP FASTERS!

 

Your envelopes may be returned
in the Campus Center or
on quad dinner lines

Thursday March 1 7

THANKS FOR HELPING CROP STOP HUNGER!

 

 

   

  
   
    

   
 

Before
everyone 

       
       
          
  
    
      
    
      
 

   

WEDNESDAY NtGl ll'
“ladies Night"

MONDAY NIGHT
"Bartenders. Waiters

 

& Waitresses Night" 2 for |
Zhulrigrnkls bardrtnks forladtes

IIPMAAM ! E 1 E “IRM-
LIGHT MENU HAPPY HOUR

6 P.M.~Mtdnlght Monday thru Thursday

 
 

*FRIDAY HAPPY HOUR‘k
m I7-ounce Draft Beer—50¢ %

2 for I Bar Drinks
(+7th

ariswntter‘s
s63 NIB 

I440 Central Avenue 0 Northway Mall
Colonic - 459-7757 .";.“:.‘."‘ ‘3 ET “Ci
. t- m ur-
(outside entrance) L

 
  
 

noon to It- ss tit-u 4 w
I that 4 so ttmttwmuy

tori? kid’s?" it:

 

 

 

\

- MARCH 15, I983 Ct ALBANYS-T'UDENTPRESS 

Seniors ready but fearful to begin job hunting

 

By Ellen Santnsiero
.\' TrII’F WRITER

 

As spring approaches. seniors rrray firtd
butterflies in their stontaclt as grrtduatiort arid
job hunting loom on the horizon.

“I think tltcre is tttore pressure on seniors
now titan irt tlte past." observed Marilyn
Wheeler. graduate assistartt at tlte Career
Planning arid l’lacement ()fficc, Wheeler at»
tributes tltis pressure on seniors to find jobs
on the ecortottty attd grittt reports about the
job market. “A lot of seniors are qttite
frightened by what they're hearing." slte ad<
tied. “and they are pttttirtg off job hunting
becattse of this fear."

Computer science. accounting and
business majors are In demand in the job
rrtatkct these days. but Wheeler attd Director
of Career Planning arid Placement .loltrt
Alexander poirtt ottt lltat trends cltattgc attd
stttdcttls itt other disciplines should rtot
despair. While trtost of the companies that
recruit on campus ask especially for business
or computer majors. often times they inter-
view people itt arty discipline.

Wltceler attd Alexander lutve noticed
fewer seniors irt attertdattce at the Career
Planning orientations and seminars. “A lot
of seniors are scared of the job situation attd
don‘t wattt to deal with it.“ Alexander said.

The Career Planning arid Placement ()I'I'ice
offers rttany services artd resources to help
students with the process of job ltttrttittg.
Seminars on resurtte writing arid interviewing

 

Four students
host cable TV
sports show

in Renssalaer

By Paula Maute

Dubbed as “the only comedy sports show
around." four SUNYA stttdettrs ltost a TV
sports program on WRAC. Cltunttel to. a
public access television station irt
Renssclaer.

Larry Weissmann. Mitch Koffler. Jody
McDonald. all seniors and Larry Hackel. a
junior, host “Sixteen Alive Sports." art
hour-long TV trtlk show aired Monday
nights at 8 pm. The program is carried
“live” to audiences itt portions of Albany.
Rensselaer. attd Columbia counties. but is
not aired in the city of Albany.

"Sixteen Alive Sports," set iii a panel
discussion fortnat. reviews weekly sports
events. botlt local artd ttatiottal. TV viewers
call in throughout the show with sports
questions or cotrtrncrtts. Larry Weissrnatttt.
art economics tnajor who conceived the idea
for the show. explained. “we ad-lib most of
the program." Each rttember of the panel
gives an opinion' or analysis of whatever
sports topic comes up. "We work from a
basic agenda covering major sports events
of the week." Weissman added.

“Sixteen Alive Sports” is reminiscent of
a “Saturday Night Live" panel discussion
satire. On air. the foursome pursues a cons-
tartt barrier of irreverent jokes; they tltrow
objects arottttd. play with Rubik’s Cubes
attd itt general. they appear to ltave a good
tintc doing the sltow. Mitch Kofl'ler. an
[English major, comtttettted. “I love to get
ltttntor ittto everything ltttrttor arid
sports are a delightful mix." Weissmann
believes that by keeping tltc show light attd
funny. they attract a wider attdience in—
eludirtg "women. who may rtot normally
tttrrc itt to sports.“ Weissrnann is co—owtter
of “The Comic Iiook." a comedian nigltt
clttb show featured ttt Albany’s Thruway
House.

Despite their humpr. Weissmrtntt arid
company are serious about sports. All are
sportscasters for SUNYA's radio station,
WCDIl. McDonald. art RCO major, is
W(.‘l)ll's sports director. His father is.
general manager for the St. Louis Car—
(linals.

llackel, McDonald artd Is'ol'l'ler aspire to
use this television experience to rtrove on to
pertttancttt jolts itt the sports field. Kofl'ler
wants “to get a job writing sports for one

 

 

 

 

3'; Shilli‘tﬂﬂ. (Lilyjlfll lifi'iﬂw__‘;

and self-assessment of one's competence are
free to students. The seminars are designed to
teach job hunters ltow to organize and imple-
rttent their own job finding campaign.

The office has a cotttpttter for job mat-
ching. a job lead the that is updated daily. a
career library. artd personal reference files rtt
the disposal of students and alumni. Wheeler
stressed tltc itrtportattcc of taking the time to
conduct a job search. “It is important to
know yourself attd “hat is ottt tltcrc. You cart
avoid a lot ofheartaclte and anxiety by taking
it (job preparation) a little at a time."

‘“ “ " at graduation ceremony

"The most inrporlmrt tiring is to know yourself, your capabllr'lt‘es. ski/Ir and interests...

The classified ads are usually the ﬁrst place
a job hunter stops at. and the ads usually
turtt out to be unfruitful. “Less than 20 per-
cettt of jobs are found in the classified ads."
said Wheeler. Leaving letters and resumes
with company secretaries are also a dead cttd
for job hunters. Alexander said.

“.lob prospects are poor." said Alexander.
"but job prospects aren‘tjhe issue. The most
important thing is to kttow yourself. your
capabiltics. skills. arid interests. to make
yourself marketable. and to inform yourself
about tlte job market.“

Alexander does not recomntertd or suggest

 

any particular course of study, calling career
choice a totally personal matter. He does.
however. say that it is wise to know
something about the trcttds in the field one is
interested in. such as computer knowledge.
Computers ltave permeated all fields and
knowing this and about other trends will help
guide career explorers as to what skills may
be helpful.

Seniors heading for tlte job tnarket. with
or without a job at this point, are still anxious
to enter the job market.

Rhetoric and Communications major
Heidi llttfficld said she‘s apprcltertsive.
although she's “very anxious to get out of
school attd into a new situation."

Mark Makowsky. art accounting major,
agreed: “I‘m apprehensive. bttt I'm also \cry
excited to start on a new lifestyle."
Makowsky just recerttly accepted a job with
Arthur Young. a New York accounting firm.

“I'm optimistic and excited” said Steve
Larrabee. Computer Science major. who is
still Interviewing and searcltirrg for a job.

“I can‘t wait to go ottt and work.” said

(iilliant (irosewald. another accounting ma—
jor. wlto is sending our letters rtrtd interview-
ittg. "I wartt to apply what I‘ve learned."
(iroscwald found a lot of competition for
jolts. as did Makowsky. who added. "I
found myself itt competition with people
frottt other schools its well as other Albany
grads. Intcviewers told tts that they are cut-
ting back arttl ttot going to as trtarry schools.“
(irosewald said. which increases tltc competi~
tiott. .
Computer Science major Rich Pyle is "up-
tigltt about tltc job tnarkct. but looking for-
ward." Most seniors. like l’yle. are concern-
ed about the job sltuatiott bttt ttot about their
uwtt capabilties; cottfidettt itt themselves but
unsure about what lies ahead for them. Most
of them are tired of school attd ready to
graduate.

“l wattt to get ottt to work attd start doing

. solttciltittg." Maureen Faugltnan. Education

major. said. “I‘m scared. too. the job
market for teaching is not as loose as i‘d like
it to be."

Sate Place helps comfort suicide survivors

 

 

are claimed attrtttally by suicide. llut this
statistic of the American Journal of
Psychiatry docs ttot accottttt for the fact that
there is ntore than one victim when an in-
dividtral takes his or her owtt life.

Today. according to a recent New York
Times Magazine article. one of the largest
pttblic health problems is trot the prevention
of stticidc. bttt the 'alleviation of stress attd
gttilt itt the survivors. a process known as
postventiort. Suicide leaves a legacy of self
hatred and mental tormcttt which can lead to
physical exhaustion. migraines. hyperten-
sion. ulcers. colitis. attd even death. Suicide
may also establish a destructive model of
behavior to imitate. Suicide survivors ltavc a
statistically greater risk of cottttttittittg stticidc
than other people.

“Safe Place" is a group of cigltt to tctt
people who conic together to share their emo-
tiotts with others who are having similar
agonizing pain. Karen Wasby runs the group,
which was started last September. while
Wasby was a rctttrttirtg student at SUNYA.
Since lhen._she has gained her undergraduate
degree irt sociology. Wasby was asked to be
the coordinator of the group by Samaritan. a
suicide prevention organization with which
sltc had previously worked.

The meetings are closed to outsiders. ex-
plaitted Wasby. because the survivors want to
be able to speak freely about their feelings;
having others present may inhibit them. “If
you found your father dead ill the cellar."
Wasby noted as art cxarttple. “you might feel
awkward sharing your experience with others
who cart ttot relate since they ltave ttot been in
tltttt sort of situation."

The unwillingness to talk openly about
stticidc is widespread. Wasby said. resulting
front historical attd religious taboos. which
explain why anguish. recrimination. supersti-
‘tion attd fear surround tlte subject. Suicide
still stigmatires tlte victims as well as the sur-
vivors. Friends may scent uncotttl'ortahle. ttol
knowing wltat to do or say.

“Then sottteotte dies after a stroke, friends

of the victim's family immediately send cott-
dolences." Wasby poittted ottt. "But when
someone commits suicide. people are at a loss
for words of comfort.“llowever. itt this
sitttation it is detrimental for the survivors to
be cut off attd isolated frotn others. she said,
adding that love arid support frottt friends
cart play a tttajor role irt the recovery process
of survivors.

The first emotion which they usually cx-
periettce is shock. accordittg to Grief After
Suicide. a patttpltlet by the Mental Health
Association. Suicide survivors may feel
numb. denying the deatlt of their loved one,
although shock cart also be healthy. protec-
ting the individual l'rom the initial paitt and

 

giving them strength to get through funeral
arrangements attd services. But eventually an
acceptance of these feelings is essential if the
individual is tryirtg to successfully cope with
the situation.

Another cottttttort feeling, according to the
Association. is that of anger directed toward
the deceased-Nl'low could lie do this to
me?" Ilurt attd rejection are ttatural
byproducts of suicide. To release their anger.
vigorous exercise. such as lottg brisk \Htlks is

'suggested. The healing process requires that

survivors talk about their feelings, and cott-
front tltc word “suicide,” notes the pamv
pltlet.

Almost all stticide survivors experience
gttilt. espcially if the deceased was someone
with whom they had regular close contact.
someone who may have dropped many clues
revealing their intentions. Matty surtivors
will see ltittts that they tttissed, wishing the)
had recogni/cd the probletrt earlier. lint the
Association maintains that the survitots are
assuming gttilt that is not ratiottal because the
person who is determined to commit suicide
is likely to accomplish it. regardless ot
another's concern.

Another feclittg which is reportedly quite
common among surtivors is tclicl'. cspecittll)
when the suffering of the deceased was art
emotional drain on family rnerrtbcrs. Many
people otttlittcd itt the pantpltlet felt the)
were unfairly burdened, or were relieved that
the'worryittg was finally over. Often. this
relicl' serves to propagate the gttilt which is
already present. the pamphlet points out.
However. this type of relief is normal when
any intense situation comes to art end.

At Safc Place, practical questions. such as
what to tell the children. wltrtt to tell friends.
and how to ltattdle the deceased person's
possessions are answered. The members at-
tend the mcetings for as long as they need the
support of the group.Safe Place ttteets the se-
cortd Tuesday of every month. at tltc Friends
Meeting House. 727 Madison Avenue.
Albany. at 7:,‘l0 p.m. 'l‘roublcd students can
also tttrtt to Middle Earth (457-7ll00) which
provides counseling and hotliue services as
well as rel'crals if further help is needed. i t

 

 

