   
 
  
     

By Mark Wllgard

smrr warn:

"It was one of the most exciting
State Championships ever. The
level of competition was extremely
high." said coach Pat Duval-
Spillane as her women’s gyntartastic

up“ ~- - .~— «$1.3..-

~Brockport and Cortland (wlto tled

 

..-.—...._...-,M..—_~-,.n,—.,:—¢ﬂ ‘ .. o...

18  ALBANY STUDENT PRESS D MARCH 1, I983

Womtﬂ gymnasts

team closed out their 1982-1983
regular season with a fifth place
finish in the New York State Gym-
nastics Championship at Cortland.

Albany hit their seasonal average
score with a tally of 153.05 points.
The Danes were beat out by

 

 

AMY COHEN UPB

The women gymnasts closed out their 1982-83 regular season with
a fifth place finish In the New York State Championships.

' for third). Ithaca, and Cornell. who

won the meet with a score of 168.6.
Finishing in the three slots below
Albany Were Queens college, SUNY
New Paltz artd Kings College]

Senior Elaine Glynn led the
Danes during the two-day meet. in
the all-around corttpctltion. site tied
for fifth place with a score of 32.3.
Glynn just missed being antong the
top six finishers in the floor exer-
ciscs. missing I'iftlt place by just
1/10 of a poirtt. Her two day score
of 16.85 was good cnottglt for
seventh place.

Myrna Ilcth King's sixth-place
finish on the balattce beant (two day
score of 16.50) enabled her to
becorrtc the first Albany freshman
to place in the top six in tltis event.
Kirtg had one fall. which caused her
to lose a half a point. Dttval-

Spillane said that “an 8.35. even
with that fall. was an excellent
score. and site still managed to keep
sixth place. She also had to corttpcte
against four Cornell girls. and
that’s a difficult block to beat."
Albany failed to place on the
uneven bars. The Danes did not
ltave the services of Alicia Stcirrberg
in this event. “She is one of ottr
starters who usually competes on
the beam and floor exercises. and
we definitely missed ltcr.” Duval-
Spillane said. “It was good to get
the score we did without Alicia."
The NCAAs are on Marclt 11-12
in Cortland. and Albany. which will
rtot qualify as a team. ltas hopes of
sending two or three gymnasts there
to participate on the teartt of “all-
aroundcrs.” Duval-Spillanc said
that Elaine Glynn has the best

take fifth place in the States

chance of going. “They (the
NCAA) take the seasonal average
score. and Elaine‘s 32.3 will Iteip
her chances."

Other Dane gymnasts with out-
side shots of making the team are
Ginny Lockmttn and Myrna Beth
King. “It all depends on how the
other people front the other schools
fare in their meets,“ Duvttl—Spillunc
added. “We will know for sure on
March 11 when ottr Athletic Director
gets the official results."

Albany also Itas a chance of bcirtg
selected to contpctc 1n the EAIAW
at Ursinitrs College irt Pennsylvania
on Marclt 11. Since tltc selections go
by seeding scores. the Great Danes
rtrc itt the rtrntting. The Icarus for
tltc liAlAW cotttpclitlott will be
selected this week. i i

Upsets mark intramural hoops

liy llrtrry (icffttcr
\r rrr IIIIIIIH

It was a week of upsets as five of
tire top teams lost irt AMIA men‘s
basketball.

Itt League 1. Too Hot to Handle
upset rttrrtrber 1 ranked and
previous nttdcl'ctttcd Super ("s
48-47. The loss allows tttrrrtbcr 2
ranked and undefeated Disaster to
take over the premier ranking. The
win will also place Too llot to Hart-
dle irt the top rankings. L'happy‘s is
tltc only other undefeated tcattt itt
Ictrgtte 3.

in league 4 tIterc was a battle of
the undefeated an the top rartkcd
Big Monsters went against tltc third
ranked ilisltops. The Ilishops upset

the Big Monsters 30-27. The
Btt-Va's upset undefeated second
1'1111l\' Jefferson Cleaners 42-32. The
Jefferson (‘lctttter's loss arid tltc
Bishop's win allow tltc Iiishops to
take over tltc top spot itt league 4.

Irt other upsets irr lcugtre 4. the
Shooting Scutncn upset tltc
previously undefeated fourth rank-
cd Penetration 49-42. The seventh
rartkcd New 69ers lost to PH on tltc
Soap 44-36. The only other
undefeated tcattt left. eighth ruttkcd
Mina-Shall We Dance should move
up to the rtttntbcr two spot.

In league 2. tltc Untouchables re-
maincd irt first place by defeating
Nice-N-Easy 68-55.

In the WIRA Iertgue. Iggy‘s
All-Stars arc rtrnrtirtg away with it.
Playoffs begin March 16.

it) other intramural ttctvs, there
will be a captains tttcclittg for soccer
and ultitrtatc I'risbce Marclt it.

March 15 will be tltc captains
mcctittg for softball. "All though
caclt year we ltopc fora big turttout.
we really don't wmtt it big turnout
for softball. That‘s why we are call-
irtg for rosters two weeks earlier
than usual." said AMIA president
Mike llrttsco. llrusco rcfcrrctl to
last year as 211) cntcrcd
rosters for softball. This irt ttrrrt
reduced caclt team's playing
scltcdttlc from five games to three.

invitations Itavc been sent otrr to
different schools to participate in
the AMIA/Molsott Challenge Cup
irt hockey. The Challenge Cup is
scheduled to be played the weekend
oprrilli. l l

 

i ATTENTION

.i

l

i

i

I

1 time.
i

r; lst, 1983.
if

i
i

l
t

(i



 

GRADUATE STUDENTS

If you are a candidate for a Masters
or Doctoral Degree and plan on
attending the 1983 Commencement
Exercises you may Order your cap
and gown at the Bookstore at any

Deadline for orders is Friday, April

 

BARNES & NOBLE BOOKSTORE
CAMPUS CENTER

Kosher Dinner Lines on:

(051':
$1.00-Kosher Meal Card
$1.5-UAS Meal Card
$4.00-Guost

For More Information (all:

I'S.€.-IIIIIOI It
451-1508

J.S.C.-Hillel presents...
A SHABBA'I' DIIIIIEII

Friday March 11, 7:00 pm.
Dutch Quad Cafeteria. Tickets will be sold on

Tuesday March 1
Wednesday March 2
Thursday March 3

Jordan 455-6143

 

 

 

 

On Campus Interviews
YM-YWHA CAMPS
When: Wednesday. March 2.1983. 9:0(lant-4zflllpm 2w

Whore: Campus Center

What: Summer Employment

Pnyrnte: $500-$120” per season

Job Site: Beautiful Pocono Mountains
Dates of Employment: June 17-Aug. 19
Positions Available:
Cabin Counselor
Waterfront
Arts and Crafts

Special Ed. Counselors

MANY POSITIONS AVAILABLE
Summer Camp. It's not just for Kids!

interview appointments must be scheduled In advance. and are now
available In the .101) Service Office. Please stop lit to Campus Center room
0-54 or call 459-8644 to set your appointment,

of J9:
'90
.4

t

A a;
Ca 199

Radio Broadcasting
Computers

Ham Radios

others

Athletics

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

r

 

 

Cagers surpass expectations WithI14-6 finish

By Mark Levine
EDITURMI. ASKISDINT
,__________.—_..

After a 9-13 record one year ago and a
team consisting of only two seniors and one
junior this year. the Albany State women's
basketball team and head coach Mari
Warner set a realistic goal of finishing .5(X)
or above this year. After ﬁnishing the
season with a record of 14-6 and narrowly
missing a berth in the state playoffs. the
team can look back on a successful 1982-3
campaign.

“I was very tentative at the beginning of
the year because of the inexperience.“
Warner said. “1 ltad hoped to be a .500 or
better. Naturally, l'm tltrilled to deatlt to
firtislt at .700."

After a season-opening loss to St. Rose.
the Danes ran off an eight game winning
streak. capped off by a 75-73 thriller agairtst
Fredonia. The streak carrte to art abrupt
ball as Albany was drnbbcd by Oswcgo.
74-59. The Danes then bounced back rrrtd
proceeded to win three tttorc itt a row. tipp-
irtg their record to 11-2. This early season
success was a big boost to ltcr yotrttg tcnm.
according to Warner.

“It definitely helped us to win early on,"
site said. “After that first loss tltc girls were
really tip at practice the next day. I think
that loss ntny have helped them. because
tltcy realized ltow tttttclt work they ltnd
ahead of tltcttt. Tltc witttting streak ltclpcd
ottr confidence. and it was important to bc
11-2 with It tonglt scltcdtrlc ahead."

That tottglt schedule turned ottt to bc
tttorc than tltc Danes could handle. as tltcy
wcttt on to lose fottr of tltc ttcxt five games.
with the ottly win cotttirtg at tltc cxpcusc of
Vassar. 59—47. in this stretch. Albany wcrtt
on the road to face its tltrcc toughest op-
ponems. Hamilton. Pace. and liartwick.

After losing titree games, that being the
Capital District Tortrrtatncrrt at St. Rose on
February 18 and 19. It was a tourrtarttcrtt
the Danes had their sights set on all year
long, and they went on .to trike Itotrte first
place honors, their first championship itt
the four year history of the tournartiertt.

In the first game Alharty avenged the car-

1 sums. .-...y..........,w

1y season loss to St. Rose by defeating the
Itost school. 57-49. Trailing 40-29 with
12:27 to play. Albany outscored CSR 28-9
to win going away. Their momentum car-
ried tltem into the finals the next night
against RN. and the Danes easily disposed
of the Engineers. 58-53. Scttior Robin Gib-
son was named Totrrnamertt MVP. and
freshman Rainey Lesane was named to the
All-Tournamcrtt team.

Despite finishing with an impressive 14-6
record. the Danes failed to qualify for tire
state playoffs. The top eight learns are
cltosen based on points earned for each
win, with tltc quality of opposition being
the basis for the amount of points eaclt win
is wortlt. The Danes finished in the top 10.
barely missing a spot iii the post-season
tournament.

Still. there were rrtany standouts on
Warner's yorrrrg and talented team.
Sophomore forward Nancy Wuttderlich lcd
tltc Danes in scorittg uttd rebounding.
averaging 13 points and 6.2 rebounds per
game. Gibson. who sat ottt tttnclt ot tltc
year with an injury. averaged 11.3 points
per game and 4.4 rcbounu. per game.
Lesttnc. u Ircshtnan poittt guard. came off
tltc bench most of the yettr attd was tltc
other Dane who scored irt dottblc figures.
averaging 10.5 ppg. Sophomore guard Rott-
rtic 1’attersott(7.5ppg. 4.8rpg).
sophomore ccrttcr Nancy Grasso (4.9 ppg,
3.x rpg). and freshman forward Ditutc Fer-
urmdcs (5.5 ppg. 2.9 rpg) also starred for
Albany, as well as senior forward thctl lid-
thi’tls, whose outstanding defense and
quickness were a big pltrs all ycttr lottg.

Warner was very suti “led with ltcr team‘s
performance this year. and feels next year
will rto doubt be better.

"It was a very snlisfyng year for us. and
since we're so young we feel ttcxt year we
can itrtprovc a lot. We saw how close we
came to going to the states this year. and we
feel that ottr goal for next year will be to
make the states. We‘re looking to recruit
some lteigltt. If we can get some taller
players to go with otrr quickness. 1 think the
states will be tltcrc for us next year." Ll

 

MARCH I. I983 F1 ALBANYSTUDENTPRESS  

 

 

 

 

DAVE ASHER UPS

The Albany State women's basketball team completed a very successful season
with a record of 14-6 and narrowly missed a berth In the state playolle.

Dane indoor track teams face top competition

Men place third

11y Tom Kacandcs
SIZ-II'I It’RIII’R

The Albany State rncn‘s indoor truck
lctlttt was edged ottt of sccond phrcc by
Division II Ithaca (‘ollegc at tltc RPI invita-
tional last Saturday. The top five final
scorers were (for_tland with 142 points.
Ithaca with 106. Albany with 103. RPI with
(i0. attd Union with 56. Ten tcants cottt-

if Albany's strong third place finish is
any indication of their ability. the Danes
should cotttittttc to score well ill the big
post-season meets. In most cvcnts tltc corn-
pctition at RPI was tltc toughest tltc
trackstcrs have faced this year. “We don‘t
worry about the competition," said captain
Eric Newton.“wc are tltc competition."
True to his word, Newton blew away a fast
field itt tltc SOC-meter dash. His tintc of
1:07.7 is one tenth of a sccottd off tltc
school record. Torty Rino took third at
1:09.21. attd Thad Wyntcr took sixth for
Albany.

Sprinter Mitchell Harvard won tltc
45-metcr dash in 5.4 sccottds tyirtg assistant
coaclt Howard Williums' school record. “I
trrttgltt Itim cvcrytlting he knows,“ said
Williams. v

Extending his winning streak to thrcL '

straight. Freshman Bruce Van Tassel
dominated his opponents itt tltc SO-ntctcr
high hurdles which he won in a season best
time of 7.0 seconds.

The Albany weiglttrtten had a great day
as Marc Mercurio continued his ttndefeatcd
Will’s in the 35-1b. weigltt throw. His

14.79-meter toss broke his own school

record. Bill Nason threw 13.51 meters for
third and a personal’bcst. 1n the shot put.
Nason took second place behind high
school rival Jim Monaco of Cortland who is

 

ranked first in tltc SUNY ('ottfcrcncc.
“llc's no big deal." said Nrtsort.”l‘ll get

.»

Juniors Reg .Iarncrsort and Paul Mancc
both had big second place finishes. .Iarncr-
sou pole vnttltcd 4.00 meters iii an irtt-
prcssivc display of regained lotttr after tr
krtcc injury. Malice triple jumped 13.69
meters for his best rttnrk this season.

freshman Inn (‘letttcttts won the coach‘s
“Rcd licrttltcr'” award for an outstanding
double ItIIi. (‘lcrncnts rnrt tltc lltltl-ntctcr
lcg of the sixth place distance medley relay
ill at lilistcring 3:11 and later ctttttc brick to
place fifth irt tltc Jiltltl-rrtetcr l'IIII. His time
of 8:5!) is his best by five scconds,

()thcr Albany scoring: fifth place; Don
Illcrtsdalc - high jump. l’rml Mtlncc - Iorig
jump. Sixth place; Nick Sullivan
15(Xl-mctcr Hill. and Winston Johnson -
llfltl-mctcr' (lash,

Mikc Riggitts artd Durrcn Pratt took
fotrrtlt and sixth place respectively irt tltc
4(X1-mctcrdash. Riggins. I’ratt. Riuo. and
Newtott learned up for a second iii the
1600-tnctcr r'cltty running a season best of
51:32.4.

 

“l'm very pleased with tltc way we're
coming along." said head coach Bob
Mnnscy. “We did without sorrtc of ottr
scorers and that made tltc difference bet-
ween second and third." Albany's
dominance of the sprint events an; c\ccp-
tiottul. Said Ncwtrrtt.”l'hc boys lttttc just
begun to pop; we are on out any up." Next
week tltc'|)atncs Ittl\cl to (‘tutlrtttd for tltc
SliNYA('s. 1

Women fifteenth

The Albany State women‘s indoor track
team finished fifteenth otrt til 1\\c111) two
schools iii the women's sttrtc L'lliliiillltilislllll
(NYSAlAWl ntch ltcltl til Union College
last Saturday. The Dunc» wcrit up against
tltc best of New York's Division I. 11 and Ill
indoor tcttnts scoring in two events and
placing sixth atrtortg Division 111 schools.

Leading tltc team's rttatty superior per-
formances was 1.irtc11c Skct'ritt who won
fifth place honors irt tltc 50-ntetcr dash with
a tirttc of 6.11 seconds. “We had to beat out
*‘holarship runners front tltc big schools irt

    

. ‘ TOM KAGANDEB ASP
The Albany State Men's Indoor track team was edged out by Division II Ithaca col-
lege at the RPI lnvlte last Saturday.

order to score." said Head Coach Ron
Wltilc. v

Albany's 3.200—tttctcr relay team set a
school record en rotttc to Iltcir fifth place
otcrrtll finish. Anita Heath and cit-captain
.lrilic Srnyth ran personal best split times.
combining with consistent pcrtormcrs Dott-
nu Iltrrnham and .lcrt JUIIL‘s for tltc record
breaking 10:00.7 effort. Jones lutcr came
back to sntttslt ltcr tl\\ll\t.'l1t1til tctmd irt tltc
.5(X)-meter run. 11c tirttc 01 12231.1) is Iiilllt‘
than :1 second faster than her ptctiotts
record.

“We had to beat
runners from the big
schools. ”

-— Ron If’lrile

 

Freshman Karen Kurthy broke the school
record she set last week itt tltc 1.500-mctcr
run by rt fttll five seconds running 5:04.18 to
set tltc new mark and cop eighth place irt tltc
overall competition.

Bette DItunba pluccd seventh overall in
tire 5.000-mctcr run. ller lilttc of 19:34.8 is
ltcr best ever.

Albany runners Erma (ieorgc. Pam
Anderson. L‘D-qulillll Sarah (.‘ttwlcy. and
Ronnie Dattn cotttbirtcd irt tltc disturth
tttedlcy relay to rtrn 14:06. tltcir best tirttc
this season.

“This team is rather young and
somewhat inexperienced, but the crt-
tltusiasnr is there," said While. “I‘m very
happy with both our relays. all around we
ran Well against some very touglt corttpcti-
tion." This Saturday tltc Danes travel to
Cortland for the Division 111 Eastern

Chumpi‘msmp' —Tom Kaeandes

 

 

 

