clectic. We’ve searched the dictionary and found out that if there is a
word to describe this year's campus fashions. then certainly that is it. For
what else captures the excitement of youthful fashion, an attitude that
stand: right up and says “This is met" before someone in the back yells “Down in
front What other word indeed. Not ecliptic, for instance, nor eclogue.
Economical? Barely. Ecru? What does it mean? Ectomy? Ecumenical? Eczema?
You see our point. Eclectic it must be then, for our boys and girls of spring.
And the fabricsl Whewl Rough cottons, sturdy denims, sleek satins, crisp linens.
These are everything fabrics should be, if we can trust our Webster's (fab-rte, n..
2. a material made from fibers. etc. by weaving. felting. etc. as cloth). Yes. the
designers have out done themselves with their latest lines. nearly making us forget
the excitement they raised last week with their old lines. So take a look at what's
new in '83. But remember: you break it, you buy it.

Fashion Editor:
A. Carroll

Fashion Coordinator:
D. Millman

Photographed by
Will Yurman

Hair and Makeup by
University Barbershop

 

 

hat? You brotrrrht your in date a Corsage arid she pinned it it I I ‘
L‘Ilrelek? 'l'lretr there‘s no he er time than now to modernize yortr)w:t‘rr
) r r i l t t H ‘
Ralph GBKSCIIIlt;   lire littest look comes from trerrdanaker 0/10"!) . or], .
generally nastv rlenraanlu attil:tlnlftgletlnlwhf?"Sdark 800d kmks and Ida", mums
_ , .4 ‘ V .
rdmint)er'lslpants. and patent li‘trllri‘i turrtbat boots (tll‘ejbeifegl‘tilslilln[Sfll-rllwlﬁlmrlfy
ear. .sarnre flittit‘ls tlr.ri iln' trims meant ' t r - ‘ ' l
wa'nclrinti spiked lit't'ls. .mri lltt' ("all War.  all“?
With a white leather jlitllint that» thin The People Who Arlver'tis’ ht Half/ff”? I
of tlte Village Vtm'i' lh-r Illa. It lrrIIrll‘S rveret'ut front the leather 0',» '4: 11L, fit ( 1” "HI ""l
while a divorce was petulant It u rlu- heifer who donated those chlr I'll l' "Q Ll WW"
(Lisanne and Mark‘s Ultlftl'» ‘i.’ W a pound at the deli counter )l 5 “W g WEB

.Vsl,

(“V in
H .-

msf I: "In ‘ on,
r/ . . 9. 1., .,
iL-Vslﬁnlo , (I
‘ 300 't

' t

. c. m

. .s
“d butterii
I - and ‘buiiely
‘ . - t\ we ‘0“.
Whunrwnt‘u if”. Mommy W‘Nld
Mus rogu 'r. '

.5 _
Kenn '- “9'5 9”

Jw's business?" ask these irascible coeds. snapped‘ in (Kaila:
' ' - .Asi of beer ant a 0550 r
at a certain eastern university p 2 H m Hahcu' m0.

mama means a segue Fm Dale mm means ‘ aat is this thing called style? Spend enough time on campus
and a Chance ‘0 Shaw U 9 Shoumc" weasel)“ v and you ll never find out. At least that's what rue thought un.

n nv‘on calm-a“ “fun has. eake”. l‘lmswumshm til we met our Spects Guy and Gal. Steve and Wear] r
mm‘uuy faded Levi s. and oh'ﬁ'ﬁf‘fﬁjﬁ‘ﬁljgi rash linen if you can tindergrads with a zest for life. both understand that acquiring gotlli
‘5 0‘ ‘00 pemem cum)“. bm‘zn‘l e Mam has owned ms smm‘ Anny aslriotrserrse is like anything else: you're born with a little talent. but it
believe me paces at the Boo 5 0:! man“ m5 5mm mm may“! come take:- hard work to bring it out. Take Steve. for instance. wlto rrtatclres
he eighth grade. mil M's lnckm ‘5 km“ Rooseveh Had. a cotton pullover sweater from Lacoste with an old pair of leans and a

years later. llls it- ! I Fuuumm m From of "m Cam, weh belt. He knows the secret that well-dressed men have always

Man I“ ‘ W knowr‘r: yimr favorite clothes should be your most comfortable. and

:szsyigxetts:tlbrtbly wash them more ofme Especially if you're a

'l'lren there's Wendy, who sets off her exotic beauty with a cable-knit I
sweater. [rlvaietl corrlrrroys. and a (la-thing ltlark beret. She's all
wotrran. btrt isn't afraid to let the little girl inside show (note her campy
Mickey Mouse walthj. She too knows a fashion secret. one she's not
afraid to share: to remove stubborn stains. r‘uh lli Wtsk with at: old
toothbrush, and allow to set for one hour. Then just pop it in with the
rest of the waslr it's that easy!

. l _ All. yes. fashion, Maybe David Bowie nrtlrl it best. "Fashion 1 turn
y l ‘l r v . ' ‘ t ' ' - I ‘ _ r I r V to the left. Fashion  trrtrr to the right. We are the goon squad and
‘ l ' . ‘ l We're Culliliit] to town. Heep-beep. beep-beep." in

‘ Otis fox.
. (.051? She

while his sweatshirt is front

pus Center. .

1 4d

 

