  

 

 

 

i
n
g.
It
ﬁt
,4
.5.
l
i l
.. r;

 

M .

 

._ -_ .. ._.~..&n:w;;;.
._ . tag-wwswmugm

;. s
30¢: .3

 
  

Plant’s records subpoenaed

Albany. N. Y.
(AP) State Attorney General Robert Abrants says lte has
sttbpoenaed all of N-L lndustrics' records on the
company's burial of uranium at its plant jttst outside the ci-
ty of Albany. Abrams says documents on tile ﬁrm's en-
vironrttental testing also are needed to study the extent of
any possible contamination.”

The sttbpoena requires the company to turn over any
documents relating to its burial of uranium wastes and its
legal authority to do so. It also seeks information on the ex-
act location of all buried material.

Abrams said his staff has "serious reservations and
criticisms" about two reports prepared in the past two
years by environmental scientists for the company concern-
ing buried uranium and groundwater cotttamination.

N-L spokesman James Hill said the company will have
no Immediate reaction to the subpoena or the Attorney
General's criticism of the company‘s reports.

Reagan considers 2nd term

Washington, Dc,
(AP) President Reagan says he'll use the economy as a
guideline when he decides whether to rtrtt for rc-elcction. In
a television interview. Reagan said a failure of his economic
program would definitely be a sigrt that he should ttot seek
attother term. But he gave no indication that he's.lost any
of his optimism since he won Iris first tax and budget cuts
from Congress in 1981.

In the same interview. tlte presidertt trsed some of ltis
strongest langtrage ever to middle the presence of Israeli
troops in Lebanon. Reagan says tlte Israelis are needlessly
delayirtg their withdrawal frorn Lebanese territory. He also
says Israel is technically ttn occupying force as long as it
refuses Lebanon's request that it remove its troops.

Report blames Sharon
Jerusalem

(AP) The commission that probed Israel's role in the
Beirut massacre recommended Tuesday that Defense
Minister Ariel Sharon resign.

The report. handed to reporters at l0200 a.m.. 3:00 a.m.
EST. said Sharon bore "personal responsibility" for the
massacre in the Sabra and Chatilla refugee canips. It said
that if Sharon did not quit. Prime Minister Mcnachem
Begin should dismiss hrm.

“We have found." tlte three investigators wrote in the
IDS-page public section of the report. “that the minister of
defense bears personal responsibility. In otrr opinion it is
fitting that the minister of defense draw the appropriate
personal coaclusions arising out of the defects of revealed
with regard to the manner in which he discharged the duties
of his office."

It noted that Begin "may. alter informing the (" binet of
his intention to do so. remove a mirtster from office."

The findings signaled art upheaval itt Israeli politics.
opening the possibility that the government would resign
attd set an early election. Irael Radio said.

The report said the in\cstigators were rtot satisfied with
Begin's testimony that he ttcver irn ruled that Israel. itt let-
tittg the militiamen ittto the camps. was risking it tttassrtcrc.

 

Reagan dismisses Lavell

ll’uxht'nglon. I).C.
(AP) President Reagan fired Rita I.a\'c|lc as assistant ud-
ministrator of the Environmental l’rOtection Agency Mon-
day. and guards with billy clubs stood outside her offices to
bar removal of documents at the heart of a constitutional
dispute between Congress and the Executive Branch.

The ﬁring was announced by the Wltitc House as a
brouhaha raged at the agency over whether Lavelle ltad quit
or her resignation had been demanded by EPA Ad-
ministrator Anne Gorsuch. Two of Lavcllc's top aides also
were fired.

Some of the documents being guarded in her office were
among those subpoenaed by a House subcommittee. it was
the refusal of Gorsuclt to turn over these documents which
led to a contempt of Congress citation against the EPA
chicf.

Clay Jones. the cltief EPA spokesman. said the agency's
chief of staff. John Daniel. ordered tltc guards otttsidc
Lavclle's offices to “safeguard all the materials and govern-
ment property."

“There is a lot of sensitive information lit the office. in-
cluding some of the documents that were withheld by Gor-
such." Jones said.

Celebration honors Blake

New York

(AP) Euhic Illake‘s friends filled the stage and seats of

tltc Shubert Theater on Monday for his 100th birthday par-

ty. and the famed ragtime pianist got wishes from admirers

ranging from President Reagan to James Cagney and the
New York Philharmonic.

Blake. recovering front pneumonia and ordered not to

 

Middle East—Where to?.

“What's Next for the Middle East "—- the Israeli Posi-
tion" will be the topic of a speech by Itzltak Ben Yaakov
who is chief of Aliya for Betur. trying to get American
Jews to emigrate to Israel. .

Yaakov represents the Likud Coalition. the ruling party
of Israel. The program is sponsored by RZA and will be
held this Wed.. Feb. 9. at 8 pm In LC 2.

 

They’ve got the beat

The Don Rcdliclt Dance Corttparty. one of America's
rttost popular dance groups, will present a program of six
dances this Friday. Feb. 11. at it pro itt the PAC‘s main
theater.

This program includes cltoreograplty by llanya Holnt
and Rcdlich. One reviewer described Rcdlich's work as "a
may corttcdy of manners to a deeper. even lyrical. cx~
amirtation of the human condition."

Presented by the Dance Council and Sheldon Soffcr
management. admission will be $6 for general public, $5
for students and senior citizens and $4 with tax card.

For information on master classes on Feb. 10 and 12
call 457-4532.

NYPIRG wants YOU!

Toxic waste got you scared? Acid rain ruining your
day? Or maybe your utility bills ltavc got you on edge.
Well don't only be part of the problem —- become part of
the solution. Attend NYPIRG's first general interest
meeting of the semester Wednesday Feb. 9 to be held in
LC 5 at 7:30 pm.

Special guest speaker will be Arthur Alkin. csq..
NYPIRG's legislative director. Refreshments will be serv-
ed and all are urged to attend.

attend. had told his doctor. “If I'd krtown l was going to
live so long. I‘d have taken better care of myself."

Altltottgh Blake couldn't be at the theater. New York
Telephone ltookcd tltc tltctttcr's mikes to a loudspeaker in
Blake's Brooklyn living roottt. so tltc ccntcnarian was able
to hear tltc Zié-hour' show. devoted almost entirely to his
compositions.

The Eubic Illakc Children‘s 'l'hcrttcr closed the show with
his “We Are Americans Too" and “Memories of You.“
Then everybody sang “I'm Just Wild about Euhic."

MountSt. Helens erupts

Vancouver. ll'rrs'lringlon
(AP) Mount St. Helens is crtrptirtg again. A new mound of
lava is building on the 700-foot dorttc in tltc crater ol' the
Washington state volcano.

There are no reports of explosions. ntudflows or ash.

Officials say they don‘t know when the eruption began.
It was confirmed today by geologists who flew over tltc
southwest Washington volcano.

Spokesman Thom Corcoran of tltc US Forest Sen"
sttys rt geologist lit a fixed-wing plane saw a new lobe of I; '-
growing on the east side of tltc dontc. He says ground crews
have yet to confirm it.

.
New techniques developed .

New York
(AP) A new tcchttique that allows bottc marrow transplants
between people who are genetically differettt enrtblcd doc-
tors to cttrc seven cltildrcn with irtrmttnc dcficicrtcy and one
with leukemia. researchers reported Monday.

Researchers at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center
said the technique alters the marrow to overcome problems
that often made such transplants fatal unless donor and
recipient were closely matched. Currently. only about 40
percent of patients needing transplants ltave relatives with
genetically similar borte marrow.

Dr. Richard O‘Rcilly said the new technique was “a first
step" toward wider use of marrow transplants to cure
leukemia. blood diseases. immune deficiency disorders and
congenital defects that together afflict about 14.000 people

 

 

 

Myers

4/.

 

C“

The road to success »

Success and the ingredients that account for it will be
the first program as SUNYA and the New York 5......
Museum begin their tenth series of Thursday topics rhil.
week at the Empire State Plaza.

“Success: The Why's How's and What's" will h.-
presented this Thursday, Feb. 10 featuring speaker W.
Christian Buss. a Inarkctlng and management specialist at
SUNYA's School of Business.

The program is scheduled to begin at 12:10 ptn in the
auditorium of the State Museum and is open free to the
public.

Be a friend

The senior citirens of the area need you. Just one hour
per week with a homebound senior can make a world of
difference for them.

You will provide companionship. assistance and have
the opportuttity to be part of a special friendship.

If you wattt to become rt Friendly Visitor Contact Judy
Weiner at the Human Services Planning Council.
Tuesdays from 9 put to 5 pm or Thursdays after 3 pm or
call 372-3395.

Whata woman!

Tltc Albany YWCA is sponsoring it's fourth "Tribute
to Women" awards. This annual event offers L'tlpitttl
district business. civic. arid community organizations the
opportunity to recogttire publicly outstanding women
ruetrtbers and colleagues. The deadline for filing yotrr
nominations is this Friday. Feb. II.

For ftrrtltcr information contact the Albany YWCA. 2H
Colvin Avenue or call 438-6608.

Become aware

As prtrt of the continuing series entitled “lsrucl
Awareness Week" SUNYA Professor Mary Edcltntut will
be speaking on the “structure of the Israeli
Government." on Tuesday. I b. 8 at 7:30 pm in CC 361.

Edelman. who spent last year teaching at Tel Avtv
University and the Hebrew University at Jerusalem will
attempt to elucidate any confusions and misconceptions
of the factions and parties in the Israeli government.

On Wednesday. Feb 9. Dr. Stephen Berk will speak on
"American-Israeli Relations" at 4:00 pm in CC Assembly
Hall.

Dr. Berk is a prontirtcnt vivacious speaker arid a visiting
professor front Union College. who is teaching Modcrrr
Jewish History here this semester.

The program is sponsored by JSC Hillel and is SA
funded. For more information call Debbie. 482-7027 or
Susan 438-3499.

  

 

 

 

it year.

New blood cells are made itt bone mi|fl'0\V. (icnctrcrrlh
mismatched marrow contains cells which “attack” Irerrltltr
cells irt the rccipicrtt — literally rejecting tltc prtticnt .rrrtl

oftcn causing death.

Iran launches offensitfrV

hcforc
tcrritor
border itt an offensive which appeared to cut the Baghdad

 

littsru highway by taking Al-Amtu'a. 40 miles \vcst or

Pilkcll.

Iraq said its forces killed 6.894 Iranians and took larrt'c
rtttrnbcrs of prisoners. Baghdad communiqucs claimed tilrtt
Iraqi warplanes and helicopter gunships llew 129 missions.
“securing complete control of the skies ovcr tltc l)ttl~
Ilefront. inflicting very heavy losses on ertcttty Ittllks and .u»
ntor. and returning safely to their bases."

Iraqi leaders said recently that Iran had tttasscd l5t).tXltt
troops irt the southern sector of the 5tX)—mi|e—long front link"
i“ lttUt’itrttliort for the offensive. which came four dzm
bcforc tltc fourth anniversary of Ayatollah Ruhellrrh Kilo
Incini's revolution. which overthrew Iltc US~sttletllUi
regime of Shah Mohammad Rczu Puhlrtvi.

Correction 1

. I‘m“ F’ld‘W'S story on the Rhetoric artd Comtnurticn»
“Um dcl’arlmcnt incorrectly stated that tltc department
W115 DitttSing out all rhetoric courses. Actually. all but it
tew rhetoric courses will be phased out. RCO majors
should also be aware that if they desire to ltavc the nrunc
0' “JG” major switched to the Department of Corti-
[mummi‘m (SlitdiCS). they must follow tltc requirements
listed in next year's Undergraduate Bulletin. The current
ggtgcnlrtacutty ratio irt the RCO department is 44 to I, rtot
o _

 

#‘

 

rc'orr’rr. (ﬁr/um
(AP) Irrtn launched its “final offensive" against Iraq
:twtt Monday. retaking ltX) square miles of llttlliltll
tmd lttrrlittg tens of thousands of troops ztcl'ttss tltc

 

 

 

By Michelle Brennan

Since New York State hiked the legal
drinking age to 19 on Dec. 16. the
Rathskellar has experienced a 30 percent
drop in profits according to Manager Jay
McClure. However. local bars and liquor
stores have not bee affected as severely.

“We've put sortie food specials in, arid
we‘re working on serving fresh fruit drinks
out of the snack bar." said McClure.
“That's still in the plarttting stages. As far
as I know. if business stays down. we're go-
ing to drop the live bands and just go with a
DJ or taped music."

 

  

 

,. c‘n 1v ‘7...  .7

Prescnily'the Rat has live entertainment
Wednesday througlt Saturday night. On
those nights. the doormen check for two
forms of identification before they give out
handstamps. which allow patrons to pur-
chase liquor. In addition. McClure main-
tained that it is no longer permitted to take
alcoholic beverages out of the premises.

This action protects their license to serve.

“You have to have a handstamp to get
served." said McClure. “I’ve come in here
and checked sometimes. There have been a
lot of 20 year olds here lately. The younger
crowd ltas dropped off. It just worked out
that nobody working for me is tinder 18.

 

Students pu. L ‘ .7 alcoholic beverages at the Rat

"There have been a lot of 20 your olds here lately.

  

The younger crowd has dropped off. '

1:1" «.5; r~ rm: ‘ "

.\.hire-3!'1'25.h.'.‘....4':r'r.V  ._ I .  .;' . .g 

 

 
   

  

..i ..n,. w. mm. .$,c .e. .x ,sﬂm'm Lair tn.

FEBRUAR Y 8, I983 Cl ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 3

It’s strange...tlte law says you can work
when you're 18, but you can't drink."

Although McClure is not sttrc that the
new drinking age is fair. he still supports
it."

“I suppose they Itave to take wltatevcr
steps they can to stop traffic fatalities.
That‘s the maitt purpose. We haven‘t had
too many complaints," lte said.

Ratskellcr bartender Randy Sweeney also
supported the new drinking age.

“I agree with it. but I think it should be
2|. It hasn't Iturt tips any. No one ever
comes up without a handstamp. We haven't
had much trouble here." Sweeney added

 

UPS

New legal drinking age slashes Rat’s profits

that. “Downtown people always expect to
get In because they're friends with the
doormen. Herc it's calmer."

The profits of bars and liquor stores have
not been affected as severly.

Washington Tavern manager Tim Lan-
caster felt the institution of the new drink-
ing age was beneficial but its timing was
very poor. “Most students turn 19 by this
semester anyway. It isn't a factor at this
tirtte. but." lte added. "we may be hurt next
year by the incoming freshmen."

The new drinking age has not affected
business at the Madison Liquor and Wine
Company. btrt managing director A. E.
Atkins felt very strongly about the new law.
He maintained that he was always very
careful by insisting on the proper proof. but
“suddenly everyorte is 19."

Atkins insisted that. "The wltole idea is
stupid." Ile felt the legal change does not
deal with the real problem. “We need to
educate young people as to the virtues.
vices. and risks of excessive consumption."

In addition. Atkins said that this would
he at step which the “Legislature is citltcr
unwilling or unable to lake. It might make
great ltcttdlincs. but it's rt frtke. a sltrttrt over
the puhlic's eyes.“

He explained that the new law dclttdcs
people irtto thinking they Itavc accomplish-
cd something. “Now.” said Atkins. “what
you‘ll have is 1‘) year olds smashing
themselves to bits. We ham: to teach young

_pcoplc that alcohol is tt lot better itt
ntodcrution."

/\ spokesman for the Stuyvesant Liquor
Store srtitl they now have a rtttrclt stricter
proofing policy and rcqttirc a picture ID.
Students of legal drinking age will still be
.thlc to frequent their favorite places attd
buy the liquor they want. hub-they'll just
have to tmtke surctltcy httvetltc proof. I I

Financial awards unaffected by delayed forms

 

By Maddl Kun

 

There is conflicting information cunecrttv
ing tltc reason for the delay in the Financial
Aid Forms. which were two months httc itt
arriving. btrt according to the financial aids
office. students should experience no pro-
blems stemming frottt tltc lateness of filittg.

The forms. commonly referred to as
FAFs (Financial Aid Forms). are used to
apply for federal assistance such as l’cll
Grants and National Direct Student Loans.
The forms were cxpcctcd irt Novetttbcr btrt
arrived itt carly Jtllltttll‘y.

There are various reports as to why thcrc
was a delay itt rcccivirtg the PAR. Accor-
ding to the College Press Service the
lateness of the forms was dttc to u disagree—
rttcrtt ovcr family contribrrtiort schedules.

Donald Wltitlock. Director of Financial
Aids. said that “there was little change irt

this year's form as compared to last
year's."

Student Aid News. ’t't news ‘s'crvice
specializing in financial assistance pro-
grams. claims it was a lawsuit against the
Department of Education. ttot a disagree-
rttertt over the family contribution
schedules. which resulted itt the delay.

The news service stated that the student
group COI’US (Coalition of Independent
College and University Students) is attemp-
ting to sue the Department of Education for
forcing students to pay fees to apply for
fcdcrttl financial aid. The service goes on to
explain that the placing of the fees by the
Education Dcparttttcrtt is brtrrcd by the
Higher Education Act. and before the
1982-83 school year. studcnts applying for
the federal aid could use thcjorrns for free.

The matter was resolved last rttotttlt when
Education Secretary Tcrrcl licll. gave the
_t‘.t)—ttllctltl to print and distribute tltc 83-84

application forms. Attached to the forrtt is
a ttoticc which says free federal forms are
available. As of January 20. Iltcrc is no ' rt
toll free ltotline number prirttcd on the top
of the rtcw applications for students to call
for information or questions regarding the
forms.

()rt campus. students have been concern-
cd over the matter and anxious about filling
ottt tItcir 198183 forms before it is titttc to
fill ottt thc l984-35 forms. Student Sltirlcy
Davis commented on the issue. saying. “It
distt'csscs tire that the forms were so late.
I‘m worried that I might not get as tntrclt
aid."

David Storclt. also it studént. said. “I
always try to get them irt as first as I cart.
The fttstcr the better."

Whitlock clrtimcd that "despite the
lrttcncss of the forms there has bcctt no
hardship on the students. In fact, tltc
forms" ltttc arrival will be slightly better for

us. It is it positive spinoff. Tltc forms will be
rttorc rtccurtttc rrrtd save its time because
fttmilics havc already received their income
tax forms."

The Financial Aids Forms are usually
\L'lll to students' home residences over the
irttcrscssion. This year. the financial aids
office was unable to send 0111 the forms.
llut. “there was nothing to be gaitted by
sending tltc forms home." Wltitlock said.
“We discourage the students front filing
curly. No matter when tltc forms cottte irt.
they are till processed together at it later
date." he explained.

The FAF must he filed by April 22, 1983.
They are rtot processcd for some time.
however. depending on wltcn attd ltow
nttrclt money SUNYA will receive front the
Federal Government.

According to Iltc Whitlock. tlrc FAFs are
now bcgirttting “to coruc irt rapid numbers.
mostly front incoming freshmen." l l

SUNY’s low tuition attracts foreign students

 

 

By St ' anne Abcls
S'l'ztll' II'RIIEN

 

A record number of foreign students
have been drawn to SU NY schools over the
past few years. finding education here
relatively cheap. according to International
Students Advisor J. Paul Ward.

Ward said many of the 530 international
students. 80 percent of which are graduate
students. come from Cyprus attd Malasia.
and ltave chosen SUNY campttscs for an
Anglo—Saxon education because British
universities are more expensive.

He also added that many of Albany's
foreign students applied to this school “due
to the intense language program we have to
train in English proficiency."

Althou'h the number of international

1 students “has dottblcd over the last four
years." said Ward, “there has been a
steady surge of applicants from overseas
over tltc last seven to eight years." Still.
Ward predicts the growth to leVel off “to
rtot much ntore than 800 students this

decade. The reason for the dcclirtittg enroll-
ment will be lrtrgcly due to the increasing
cost of tuition." ltc said. Proposed tttitiott
cost increases for out of state and interna-
tional students are $1.400.

Undergraduate Admissions Counselor,
Steven Thomson. supported Ward’s
reasoning for the increase in international
students. saying that “the major factor is
that our costs are less than European coun~
tries.“ Thomson added. “I suspect that
there are rrore college age students in the
developing countries‘and therefore. rttore
international students."

Thomson pointed out that itt the Fall
1982 semester. “seventy-three ottt of 300
students were accepted from 2500-3000 in-
quiries." He said that the majority of these
foreign students were “transfers from other
U.S. colleges." Many of the international
Albany students are interested in technical
fields that can be helpful to their own coun-
tries. Thomson’s preliminary data for Ihi.
year's applicants indicates a desired r .rriur
of Business. Computer Science or F tciztl

Sciences. “We have to be careful ttot to
close the doors to otrr owrt U.S. students irt
these high interest programs." Thomson
made it clear that the Office of Admissions
is hopeful of "maintaining a level of diver-
sity on cttrttpus.”

Director of International Programs. Alex

The number of international
students “has doubled over the
last four years. "

— J. Paul Ward

 

Shane. indicated that the many "exchange
programs administered by, the SUNY
system are a rttrtjor factor contributing
toward the increase of international
students." He said. “Future exchange pro-
grams ure being planned with African and
Tltird World Universities." Altltouglt "ex-
cltange programs are not more than one
semester. some foreign students who would
like to stay on for a degree can usually be

nccornodutcd."

Internationalstudent. Ladam Fard. frorn
Iran. has bcctt studying tltcatcr in the U.S.
for 15 months. Site explained she chose
Albany “because my sister came here five
years ago. and the fees are low." Fard add-
ed. “1 think you should learn English in an
English ' ., country."

Biology major Diego Munoz, from Col-
ombia. cltose SUNYA because “it's in a
small city and it‘s qttict with good ambiance
for study." However. he said the Intensive
Language Program “is rtot adequate for
those who have some background in
English."

Puerto Rican strident Cindy Alvarez is
studying Computer Science. Although site
was not in the Intensive Language Pro-
gram, she crtrne here to improve her
English.

Some international students complete
their studies here artd return to their native
countries. However. others find jobs and
tttrtke their homes itt this country. [i

 

