. ’ ~ ~ W  war-p: v -r 1.3.); ,...1 u..-..,~‘«.~...-_. -

   

 

 

*
‘

  
   
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
  
    
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
  

 
 
 

EDITORIAL

i » o o O l 0 v
I
   y 18 M3110 S1111 mg .

It looks like he used one of the oldest tricks of tlte
bargaining table — “shoot high and aim low." The
tuition increase and various cuts of the actual budget
seem a mere pittance when compared to the gover-
nor’s proposals. But such an approach is not com-
mon among members of a “big happy family.” Was
traditional bargaining procedure the only rationale
behind Mario's proposals?

During his campaign, Cuomo earned the support
of students. including the valuable SASU endorse-
ment. During his first major test as governor, he
earned the emnity of those same students. as
demonstrated in the SASU lobby day. From the
point of view of SUNY students, this obvious con-
tradiction provokes a second look. Was Cuonto the

 

candidate manipulating student opinion with pro.
miscs not to touch the SUNY system? Was ('uomo
the governor testing student reaction with his
outrageous budgetary proposals? The answer to both
questions seems to be an unavoidable yes.

The final budget, which the governor cart claim
partial responsibility for. appears to have "saved"
the SUNY system. which casts a somewhat heroic
light on Mr. Cuomo. What kind of response cottld he
expect had he stuck to his original promises. attd end.
ed up with the prescnt tuition increase and position
cuts? Obviously. Mario has come out of this looking
much better than he ought to. But no one ever accus-
ed him of being stupid.

So SUNY is saved, and Mario is the hero! How can
we in the world of academia not welcome the paltry
increases and cuts. and not thank the governor t‘m
sparing us in these hard times? Well, maybe wr-
should breathe a sigh of relief that we were spared the
worst. Maybe we too should smile and celebrate the
passing of the state budget. But we must look
through the smiles and to the facts. What faces lltc
SUNY community are a $300 tuition hike. cuts in ser-
vices, artd a governor we helped elect who virtually
turned his back on us. Mario Cuomo has so lar ttot
treated us with the honesty and compassion one es.
peels in “a big happy family." So what are we all
smiling about?

0 o“ L u M N
Manifest destiny and cheaper beer

Mario Cuomo has earned himself a little rest
and relaxation. The state budget was not only
balanced, but it came out on time. in addition, the
SUNY system appears to have weathered the storm
with little damage to its academic excellence. lndeed
Mario might feel secure about smiling over the situa-
tion and giving himself a little ol' pat on the back.
And he's not the only one who might be smiling.
Down at SASU headquarters President Jim Tierney
and company also have reasons to be proud. The
group coordinated the largest SUNY lobbying effort
that the state legislature has ever seen. Threats of
drastic cuts coupled with huge cost hikes were
;, transformed into relatively minor cuts and moderate
. cost increases.

.; y I t would seem now is the time that Governor

 

 

_ It appears that both parties have the right to be
feeling some satisfaction. Yet can Mario's smile real-
ly be genuine? Some questions need to be asked ——
and answered.

What was the reasoning behind Cuomo's pro-
posals? in the wake of the triumphant passage of the
budget. the governor appears to be a man willing to
make unending sacriﬁces to realize his “one big hap-
py family" vision of New York. Were his original
proposals pregnant with ulterior motives? What is
the reality behind all the budgetary drama?

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

are more intelligent, more intellectual. Only the brain of u

Colonialism has been a constant thetne of many foreigtt
- nations. The opportunity to gain rich lands with few pro-
blems with the local populous is. with the obvious benefits,
a rewarding etttcrprise. The U.S. claims to avoid this pat-
tern, bttt ottr gains front South America arid Mexico could
be used to belie this fact. There has been, however. even up
to now. a runnittg desire to sci/c a larger and more useful
country than the banana republics south of ttshl'ttt speak-
ing of Canada. And I stt)’~gt) for it!

l *L- ,S- Lee? 1.1 ‘

(‘anada and the US have the largest unguarded border ill
the world. This is an open invitation to invadcmthcy don't
expect it. they don't have much of an army. and they
already speak l-.nglish! There are lots of resources rtp there,
with open country to let .Iitnmy Watt run free in. lime are
even a few French-speakers, to tttld culture to our plasticA
and-McDonalds wasteland. The problems most countries
find are that the culture is alien to their own. that the na-
tions grow hostile after a while. anti that the country might
even be a financial burdenwbut not ('nnada! Nope~~they
have a culture remarkably like ours. with all the entrapp-
ittgs of human, American civili/ation. They have lots of
British imports, which will allow the Anglophiles in ortr
midsts to go crazy with sophistication, and they even seem
to be self-supporting.

Now don't think I‘m crazy—this is not really my idea.
The Founding Fathers, old Ben Franklin. Tom Jefferson,
and the boys had sintiliar ideas. They sent a few friendly
war parties up there to persuade them nicely but they beat
the Americans back so severely that we are lucky we didn't
lose New York State. But as of late this country has lost
that impish gleam in its eye to gain this land of tonnes and
beer, the hometown of such national celebrities as The
McKenzie Brothers attd Margret Trudeau. as well as such
great musical influences as Triumph and Rush. Between
getting more Bradors and open woodland. i can’t see why
this plan wasn‘t implernctttcd years ago—their cities are
cleaner, they have better concerts, tltc Canadian passport
doesn't have half the dislike of an American passport, and
they have cheaper gas. Hell. hall' the guys up there are
American draft dodgers anyway—it‘s practically ours]
They're always cotnplaining about our acid rain. our pollu-
tion. our military. our lack of“ culturc~if we invade, they
can be their problems too! No more "it's your fuult"-—now
the blame can be all of ours! llow democratic!

There have been fringe elements in this movement to
liberate the backward peoples above its—such inane
thoughts as they should invade us—-thut we could rise the
help, the cleaning up. Now first ol' all, simple-mindcdncss
does not cortstitutc simplicity (as l have often stlid of my
past girlfriends);wc are a complicated society because we

Canadian would name a hockey learn after a term ol' n".

tiortal slander. the Canneks. They obviously need our help.
Canadians should have the opportunity to be part of our
itnpcrialistic plans, wltetlter they want to or ttol (as your
mother would say, it's for your own good.)

Now this is your chance—pick up where the fottttdittg
fathers of ottr natiott failed. let's invade and bring decent
Antcrican cttlltrre to tltosc British leftovers. Bring them
stiaightl'orward green money instead of that silly mulli-
colorcd stuff. all of which looks the same. with the Queen's
pictrrtc (talk about self-ccnteredness) llell. let them look at
all tlte dead people like we do. And what about their cheap
coins-— what is that stuff. aluminum'.’ The ottly thing
they‘re good l'or' is skipping across water'. and wlntl do you
do if you want a candy bar and you have some of that stuff
in your pocket——it won't work in the ontcltincs! And they
think it‘s real money! Hell. with a handful of that stuff you
couldn‘t hit a barn—it‘s so light! What are yotr going to do
with itr—pluy monopoly'.’

 

Now. with their silly currency artd aluminum court, he
have an edge over them. We could make Canada .1 areal
vacation land, all they have is moose, salmon, .Iltvl erwlv
bears. Do you rcnli/e we have only recently Irrtl llltttlsr‘
returning to the US? They we all up itt (‘anarla rum do
they know something we don‘t? We have stupirl \ttltllutll
kids shelling out four dollars fora si\ puck oi .\loo r‘ltcarl

beer (Why don't they ittly(icttcscc like i do’.’). it or choir
cd. we could take control attd sell the sttrfl for $3 ‘tt tr to.
hulr'.’ islolson, llradorsmall ours! The greatest .tthtr‘ llttlll

Canada has had in the last hundred years has i‘t't'll . l..rtr rtlx‘
the Molsou label from green to tc ! If it \\.rsn" ‘ r' 'ltr
Neufourulland “Neuties”. the ('ttuadinrrs \vorrlrl t , or
one to laugh at!

    

 

‘ I . L. y . ' '

ho, rrry ~ or mvadt. lrch.’ We bring sortie tltIItt'iIttr
some beer and. like. imadc. hclt'.’ You shoo up. ol.‘
Day.

 

_ "‘7;.§riitt'ii 
MM, '
(lolluuo tamer Sun/mo «Adum‘ywh’ilhmuv 

   
 
 
   
   
     
   
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
  
      
     
  
 

 "x  ‘  

 

