 
   

l
:r

 

V.
' A
.1

m. 2-.-

Sovlets plan missiles

' Moscow
(AP) The Soviet Union said Monday it is
beginning “preparatory work" to deploy
new missiles in Czechoslovakia and East Ger-
many as a response to NATO's plans to put
new American rockets in Western Europe
starting in December.

The Warsaw Pact has threatened repeated-
ly that it would counter NATO's 572 missiles
with new weapons of its own. but the an-
nouncement by the ofﬁcial news agency Tass
Monday was the first ofﬁcial conﬁrmation
that the move is beginning.

"In accordance with an understanding
reached by the governments of the Soviet
Union. the German Democratic Republic
and the Czechoslovak Socialist Republic.
preparatory work is being started. . .for the
deployment of missile complexes of
operational-tactical designation." Tass said.

New regime disputed

Brirlgeto tvn. Harbor/r u
(AP) Angry Caribbean leaders Monday corr-
sidered sanctions against Grenada's new
military regime. which seized power after its
soldiers killed Prime Minister Maurice
Bishop in a bloodbath.
Army Gen. Hudson Austin. bending a
military council. took over the island nation
Thursday. a day after soldiers killed the

prime minister and several of his top sup- I

porters in the Marxist-led government.

Jamaica led Caribbean nations in express-
ing revulsion over the killings by breaking off
diplomatic relations Thursday night.
Jamaican Prime Minister Edward Seaga pro-
posed a trade embargo on Grenada and said
heads of government from the English-
speaking Caribbean would discuss the situa-
tion at an emergency meeting in Barbados
this weekend. ‘

People remained indoors today in Grenada
after Austin threatened that soldiers would
shoot anyone who violated a 24-hour curfew
in effect until Monday.

 

 

2 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS D OCTOBER 25.1983

_WORLDWIDE

.USSR invites UN rep

Montreal

(AP) A top ofﬁcial of the UN aviation
agency says he and a member of his inquiry
team have been invited to visit the Soviet
Union as they conduct an investigation of the
Svoiet downing of a South Korean jetliner.

Yves Lumber. secretary-general of the In-
ternational Civil Aviation Organization told
the 33 member governing council Thursday
that they will make the trip next month. He
did not indicate what prompted the invita-
tion.
I A ﬁve-member lCAO team is inVestigatlng
the Sept. 1 disaster in which the 269 peOple
aboard the Korean Air Lines jumbo jet were
killed. The plane was shot down in the Sea of
Japan after straying over Soviet air space.

NATIONWIDE

 

EPA seeks solution

libslrr‘nglon, D.C.
(AP) lint irorrrucrtt.rl Protection Agency chief
William Rttcks‘lslldlts says he hasn't solved
the acid rain riddle )ct. but he denies that the
administration has giten up trying.

When the administration missed its
original Oct. 1 deadline for coming up with
an acid rain control policy. it sparked
speculation'that the issue had become so em-
broiled irt controtcrsy that President Reagan
had decided to mold taking a stand.

That speculation was fueled whcr.
Secretary of State George Shultz told Cana-
dians on Sunday that the issues had bccotnrte
"a very big. a very controversial issue"
within the US. Cabinet.

But environmentalists charged that the
acid rain issue has now been put on the back
burner by the administration and that
Ruckclsltaus. who concentrated heavily on
the subject during his first months in ofﬁce,
is now turning to other subjects.

"The deadlines that he established for
himself are now passed and it is clear that a
decision has been postponed into the in-
definite future." said Bob Rose. a
spokesman for the Clean Air Coalition.

Ruckelsh'aus at the same meeting could
give no estimate of when the issue might be
decided. saying only he'belleved it would be
before the 1984 presidential election —- 13
months away.

NBC’s Savltch drowns

. New Hope, Pa.
(AP) Jessica Savitch. an anchor for NBC
News and the public television documentary
series “Frontline.” drowned along with a
companion when their car tumbled into the
Delaware Canal. Bucks County Coroner
Thomas Rosk‘o said Monday.

The car was found upside down In about
four feet of water early Monday near a
restaurant on River Road. said Mario

rescue squad.

Savitch. 35. author of the book “Anchor-
woman.” was in the car with Martin
Fishbinc. said an ttnidetttiﬁed spokeswoman
for the coroner's ofﬁce.

STATEWIDE

 

Surgery appeal slated

Albany
(AP) New York's top court will hear
arguments Wednesday on whether 2<wcck-
old “Baby Jane Doe" should have surgery to
correct a scvcrc birth defect ~ surgery op-
posed by her parents.

Walter Mordattnt. a spokesman for the
state Court of Appeals. said Monday that
William Weber. the child's court-appointed
guardian. has filed a "notice ofappcal" with
the top state appeals cottrt and that the court
. would hear the case "late Wednesday after-
noon.“ Weber is appealing a unanimous rul-
1 ing Friday by a five-judge panel of the state's

middle-level appeals court —— the Appellate
Division of state Supreme Court — that a
l decision by the baby's parents not to allow
surgery was “reasonable.”

The court battle began last week when a
“right to life" advocate heard that the
parents were not allowing surgery on tile
child. a decision supported by the child's

 

‘ doctors.

Lasarro. a member of the Lambertvillc, N.J.._

 

Pay hikes considered

Albany
(AP) New York state lawmakers. fresh off
pay increases the past three years. will likely
consider a bill next month to further increase
legislative salaries. sources have told the
Associated Press.

One legislative source. who asked not to be
named. said Monday that a pay-raise bill ef-
fective in 1985 is “in the works" and could
be considered when lawmakers return to
Ablany in mid-November for a short. special
session.

The 211 members of the state Assembly
and Senate currently have a base annual
salary of $32,900. although some make up to
$30,000 more once stipends for leadership
positions are factored in.

The legislative source said that “I think
we‘re talking about $40,000" annually for a
new base salary.

The source said lawmakers may consider
making the salary jumps :1 “two- or three-
stage" affair. sitnilar to a three-stage pay irr-
crease thc lawmakers got lltc final installment
on just this year.

That latest increase was approved by the
Legislature in 1979. State law pt‘oltiliilx
lawmakers. who are elected every two years,
frotn approving any raises for their current
tcrttt of office. That means that tlll)‘ ttc\\
salary increase approved by tile Legislature
and Gov. Mario Cuomo couldn't go innit-1'-
feet before Jart. l. 1985. when the next Itc\\l\
clcctcd Legislature convenes.

Engineer poisoned

‘ St‘ltt'ltt’t'lrnlt'
(AP) A General lilcctric cngittcer and
Finland tttttivc is dead after apparently caring
poisonous toadstools hc mistook for edible
mushrooms. Sigward Linnio, 58. ot' the
Schenectady County town of Rotterdam died
Friday at Ellis Hospital in Schenectady. ac»
cording to the Albany Times-Union.

Linnio ate a genus Lapin/a mushroom, ac-
cording to Dr, John Haines. a mycologist. or
mushroom expert. at the Ncw York State
Museum.

Health officials said this may be the first
death iii the United States that resulted front
eating mushrooms of this kind.

The hospital‘s chief pathologist. Dr.
Thomas Grant. said the mushrooms catcrt by
Linttio resemble a mushroom commonly
eaten itt eastern Europe. according to Ellis
spokesman Andrew Foster.

Ex-agent convicted

Nt‘lt' York
(AP) l-‘ormcr CIA agent [Edwin Wilson.
‘lll'L‘lldy serving 32 years itt prison for selling
weapons and cxlosivcs to Libya. now faces 11
new sentence for attempting to murder eight
scople.

Wilson was convicted Thursday night of
trying to murder two federal prosecutors \\ ho
steadfastly ittvestigatcd his international
weapons dealings. pltrs five witnesses who
cooperated with them and a businessman ht-
thought owed him money.

Wilson faces tip to 25 years in prison for
attempted tnttrder. the most serious charge of
which he was convicted. He also was guilty of
obstruction of justice. tarttpcring with and
retaliating against witnesses. and criminal
solicitation.

According to tire government‘s case.
Wilson ltircd prison inmates itt an urtsuc»
ccssful attempt to arrange the murders of
witnesses linking him with tltc sale of 20 tons
of explosives to Libya.

He also was charged with trying to kill a
business associate who supposedly owed hint
$3.5 million. hoping to ltave the man slain
after the money was collected.

 

PREVIEW

People and Food will hold a
meeting on Wednesday. Oct. 26 at
7:30 pm. in Humanities 354. All are
invited to attend.

Fireside Theatre will present "Night
oi the Living Dead." on Wednesday.
October 26 at 8 pm. in the Campus
Center Assembly Hall. Admission to

OF EVENTS

The Gay and Lesbian Alliance
(GALA) will present a discussion on
"Gay and Lesbian Legal Rights" on
Tuesday. Oct. 25 at 8:80 pm. in the
Cﬂmpus Cente' 375- Guest Telethon '54 and Stroh'a Boer pre‘
speakers will include SA legal
representative, Mark Mlahler and an
Attorney General. The dlaucaslon
will include such topics as mar-
lree. rlage. ROTC. Gay and Lesbian

All are invited.

parents. adoption and equal oppor-
tunity affirmative action programs.
All are welcome! For more informa-
tion call 457-4078.

general interest meeting on Tues.
day. Oct. 25 at 7 pm. In Biology 248.

sent "Stride for the Sirohs“ on
Saturday. Oct. 29 from 9:30 to 11
am. Sign ups tor the 1. 2, and 4 mile
races will be on dinner lines and in
the Campus Center lobby.

call 462-1823.

The Cities 01 International Pro ture by Dr. Abdo |. Badkllnl on "The
17’0"" Wm 91700307 8 Presenlailon Future oi Lebanon and us. Foreign
on work opportunities in Ireland Policy In the Mideast." on Thurs-
and Great Britain. on Friday Oct. 28 day. Oct. 27 at 7:30 pm, The lecture
at 1 pm. in LG 11. On Friday. Oct. 28 will take place In the East Wing Lec-
"0m 10 am to 1 pm- Rapreaen- lure Hall. Albany Law School. 80
tatlves from British Universities New Scotland Ave.. Albany~

The Albany NAACP will hold Its North American Club will be In the
monthly membership meeting on Campus Center Lobby to distribute
Thursday. Oct. 27 at 7:30 pm. in information and answer questions.
Temple 39‘“ E" 151 Jay SL-A'bany: l-uorza Latina will hold a meeting
Dr. William Daniels. Professor at on Thumday 0c. 27 a. 7 pm in
SUNYA NAACP Chlatorwlllholda U"'°" 00"909. W'“ speak 0" Campus Cen'reraér All are invited
"Reaganomlcs. Delenso Policy and .0 attend '

Minorities.” For more information '

The international Law Society of
Albany Law School presents a leo-

 

 

 

 

. -  - 

 

_ By Jim O'Sullivan

EDITORIA l. ASSISTANT

 

The Ofﬁce of Residential Life recently
released a policy statement that Student

Association Vice President Jeff Schneider”

said significantly clarifies the interim alcohol
guidelines released at the beginning of the
semester. The policy will go into effect Oc-
tober 31.

Schneider described the policy as "an addi-
tional report to RA's." He said the policy
was rclcased as a result of his tnecting with
Director of Residential Life John'Mttrtottc
and Assistant Director Liz Radko three times
a week for several weeks. Schneider said that
now. “lounge parties are fine when they're
reasonable" ifa special function form is ﬁled
and approved by the area coordinator.

Schneider said that another result of the
meetings was if a function is denied and the
reasons for the denial are not understood. tltc
party sponsors cart go to Martottc for
clarification.

The SA vice president said that lie would
be willing to help anyone whose function has
been denied it) his or lter dealings with
residential life.

According to a six-page memorandum scttt
ottt with the special functions policy. rt
special functions request must be filed
whenever a party "is not cottrpletely contain-
ed within a student suite/room or a public
area is desired."

The rttettto said "an appropriate location
will be dcterntincd and assigned by the area
coordinator."

Events ntust be lieid “in areas which are
not adjacent to student suites/rooms in order
to support students‘ ttceds to study and work
and the quiet hour policy."

The original alcohol policy guidelines
released in September caused confusion and
misunderstanding in requiring the par-
tyholder to obtain permits from New York
state and the city of Albany for alcohol. in
addition to what is required under University
Regulations.

The memo said there are “several points in
the law open to interpretation" and that if a
group, such as a quad board. “has a stan-
dard operating budget. . . it may continue to

use its balance to purchase alcohol for events
without applying for a temporary beer and
wine permit.“

The memo limits the amount of alcohol
available at dorm parties. The memo suggests
one drink per person each hour.

The memo also requires requires par-
tyholders to “be sure . . . to refrigerate or
ice soda and display and serve it as attractive-
ly as the alcohol" for the benefit of people
not old enough to drink alcoholic beverages.

The area coordinator for Colonial and
State quads. Howard Woodruff. said the
“overall intent of the special function policy
is to give information to students as to how
they can use facilities." It is a "compilation
of the special function policy as it existed in
the pttst attd new information based on a
review of campus alcohol policy." he added.

Radko said the "policy itself doesn't
clarify the interim gtridelincs. (it) deals with
facility reservation and management
guidelines." Site said the policy "expands on
information aVailablc and is a consistent
departmental policy" that applies to all
quads. The fact that the special function
policy was prepared til the same time the
Alcohol Task Force is ntccting was a coin-
cidence. she said. and added that the special
functions policy is iii no way connected with
tltc Alcoltol Task Force.

Martonc was ttnavailablc for cortmtcttt.

Closed task force meetings

The Alcohol Task Force has been meeting
for four weeks in closed sessions. Reporters
attempting to attend meetings have repeated-
ly been refused admission. and task force
ntembcrs have rcfttscd to publicly discuss
task force business.

Editors of the Albany Student Press have
requested that university ofﬁcials open the
meetings. and are talking with legal counsel
possible judicial means of opening the
meetings.

“The university administration is placing
itself above the law." said Editor-in-Chief
Mark Gcsncr. “It is our journalistic obliga-
tion to cover these meetings. Tltc state's
Open Meetings Law must not be ignored.“
he said.

. "‘-mlurﬂrnxnp .7":  ., .

OCTOBER 25.1983 El ALBANY STUDENTPRESS 3

New statement clarifies interim alcohol policy

 

 

Dean of Student Affairs Nell Brown

(‘lrrr'ms Illt.‘ Itrslr- art-c meetings don't all [hr/o the Opal: Meerin 13 Law.
A

Dean of Student Affairs Neil Brown ——
citair of tire task force —- defended the clos-
ittgs. saying the meetings do not fall under
the law.

However. Robert Frecntan —— the exectrtivc
director of the New York State Cotntnittee
on Public Access to Records -— said a 1979
amendment to the Open Meetings Law and a
1981 court decision binds all state task forces
into the law.

Freeman stressed that the task force is a
public body subject to the open meeting laws.
and that the law speciﬁcally refers to commit-
tees and subcommittees and ineltrdes various
other groups that “do not take final action"
— such as the Alcoltol Task Force.

He added that the task force cannot meet
in executive session unless certain topics are
discussed.

Only eight subjects may be discussed in ex-
ecutive session. The issues range from "mat-
tcrs that will imperil the public safety" and
“the prepation. grading or administration of
cxaminialions." according to the Open
Meetings Law.

Freeman said there is no reason for closing
a meeting creating an alcohol policy for a
university campus.

Vice President for Student Affairs Frank
Pogue defended the closed meetings. saying
"I have talked to Dean Brown about this and
it's my understanding that the committee is
meeting legally. U

Controversial Kin holiday gets through Senate

 

 

 

 

 

Eddie :J ‘

BOB LUCKEV UPS

‘ 4 ‘ chairman of ASUBA

. He 'feels that tlte'ltollday has been "a long time coming. " . .

By Therese Kennedy

After fifteen years of controversy the
United States Senate overwhelmingly passed
a bill October 20 that will honor the late
Reverend Dr. Martin Ltrthcr King. Jr. with a
national holiday.

The bill passed with a 78-22 vote and
spccifictl that tile holiday will be celebrated
the third Monday ofcaclt January. starting in
l986.

The gtctttcsl opposition to the bill came
from Senator .icssc liclms (R-North
('ttrolintt) whose efforts to send tltc bill hack
to tire Judiciary Commitee for additional
hearings was defeated. liclms charged that
the Reverend Dr. King had “Marxist ties"
and associated with “far left clcnicnts and
elements of the Communist Party USA."
llcltns claims that sealed rccurds of tire
Federal Bureau of Investigation would stip-
port his argument. Despite the bill's ap-
proval. he will ask Iltc U.S. Court of Appeals
that tltc District of Columbia open the
records.

The records are scaled for fifty years by a
court order. to settle a dispute between the
Kittg family and the F131. According to
reports frotn the New York Times. King's
friends and associates assert that nottc of the
records will support Helms' allegations.

SUNYA student representatives expressed
similar opinions concerning the new holiday
and llelms' remarks.

 

Student Coordinator of Minority Affairs.
Vivian Vasquez. said. “i don't know much
about Senator Helms himself. bttt tltc
rhetoric of the United States in general is up-
posing to communism." She explained that
people think of communism as a bad word
anti that “people think that they can use it as
an excuse." Vasquez stressed that this tactic
was, "the worst explanation for ttot making
it a holiday." Vasquez praised King as it na-
tional hero for all people. not just blacks.

“He was a leader who wanted to work with
tltc system" she added.

Student Chairman of ASUBA. Eddie Ed-
wards. felt that the ltoliday has been "a long
titnc coming" but does not think that it is so-
rng to have much effect on America or peo-
ple's consciousness. He noted that. “for
many Americans it is just another day off.
Those who always fougltt for rights. will cott-
tirtttc to fight."

lie stressed the importance of remember-
ing Malcolm X. Edwards cduatcd Malcolm X
with King. saying. "1 hope black Americans
won't forget Malcolm X. it is foolish for
black Americans to only honor Martin
Luther King and not hold Malcolm X in the
same light.“ He added that he has been get-
ting that feeling from a lot of people.

President of the Minority Business
Association Douglas Lucas. Jr. said that
Helms is “an example of the bigots we still
have who don’t believe in human equality as
a whole." He described Helms as "an exam-
ple of all those people that we ltave to
rccdttcate in a way to look at people as
equal." He added that “there are tttany peo-
ple who have contributed as a whole to
equality and King’s day represents all human
equality." Lttcas stressed that King was not
only a man who did things for blacks. but
“for all people who believe in human
rights." ‘

NAACP PresidentDuncan Bailey said that
llcltns “is a scgtttcnt of the past politics of
the sixties. Now there is passive racism other
than overt racism. Helms represents overt
racism."

()thcr SUNYA students referred to Helms
its “pig headed." "prejudiced." anti
"definitely on his way out of Senate next
term." lltc holiday was called “a victory."
“rt representation of America's efforts to
equalize all races" and "a step in the right
direction." The holiday is only the second
national holiday to honor an individual. the
first being George Washington’s billlldtly..l;l-

 

