2‘ ALBANY STUDENT mass El APRIL 29. 1983

 

'I'WORLDWI'DE
_

Reagan asks backing

Washington, D.C.
(AP) Despite President Reagan‘s warning
that “the safety of our homeland" Is at stake
in Central America. his proposed miliary aid
package for El Salvador and CIA support for
Nicaraguan rebels remain under attack in
Congress.

In a rare foreign policy address to a joint
session of Congress Wednesday night.
Reagan declared that a leftist guerrilla victory
in El Salvador could undermine U.S.
credibility around the world. and he called
for bipartisan backing for his Central
American policies.

The ﬁrst test of the speech's impact could
come as early as today. The House In-
telligence Committee was expected to con-
sider a proposal to cut off CIA aid to in-
surgents fighting against the leftist
Nicaraguan government.

That proposal, sponsored by Rep. Edward
P. Boland. D-Mass.. committee chairman.
would terminate covert U.S. support for the
insurgants within 45 days and establish in-
stead a public fund to help Central American
governments stop leftist gun-running in the
region. House Republicans are trying to
delay a vote on the proposal.

Although some Democrats praised the
generally moderate tone of the president's
speech. others disagreed with what they
regarded as his over-emphasis on military
assistance.

Shultz in Mideast

Beirut. Lebanon
(AP) Secretary of State George P. Shultz met
with President Amin Gemayel today on
issues holding up the withdrawl of foreign
troops from Lebanon.

U.S.«sponsored talks between Israel and
Lebanon have dragged on for four months
without accord on a troop' withdrawl and
Shultz pledged in an arrival statement at the
heavily guarded Beirut airport to "redouble"
U.S. efforts to reach a solution.

“I am here to help bring these negotiations
closer to a successful conclusion.” he said.
He then flew on a U.S. military helicopter to
the site of the U.S. Embassy. where a ter-
rorist bomb blast April 18 killed at least 49
Americans and Lebanese.

“It was a crime against both of our people
and tied us closer together by the very special
bond of shared sacrifice." Shultz said of the
bombing.

After his two-hour meeting with Prime
Minister Menachem Begin eaﬂier today.
Shultz said. “I expect to be in the area for a
while. and perhaps we will regard this as the
ﬁrst in a series of private meetings which we
will have."

ATIONIE

Trudeau gives OK

Washington. D. C.
(AP) Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau endors-
ed President Reagan’s strategic arms pro-
posals on Thursday as proof the administra-
tion is “determined to seek ways to ﬁnd
.tsting peace.” That apparently cleared the
way for the United States to test its cruise
missile over Canadian skies.

Trudeau. who earlier complained that the
proposed test ﬂights of the cruise over
western Canada posed “a serious and deeply

V troubling issue" for his government, met for

 

two hours with Reagan at the White House.

According to U.S. officials. the cruise test
issue did not directly arise. But it was clear
the two leaders discussed strategic policy.
particularly Reagan's March 30 offer to cut
back on the deployment of the cruise and
Pershing II missiles In Europe later this year
If the Soviet Union will trim its intermediate-
rangc arsenal.

Trudeau had indicated the decision on
whether to allow the American test ﬂights
would hinge on assurances from the U.S.
government that it is serious about pursuing
cutbacks in nuclear arsenals. On Wednesday.
he pointedly informed Vice President George
Bush that 80,000 demonstrators had marched
against the prospect of the cruise ﬂights in
Canada.

But after the meeting with Reagan,
:Trudeau said he was convinced that "We are
determined to seek ways to ﬁnd lasting
peace."

The administration wants to test the low-
ﬂying. sub-sonic missile over Western
Canada because the terrain resembles the
region around Moscow. One U.S. ofﬁcial.
who spoke only on condition that he not be
named. said after the Reagan-Trudeau ses-
sion that the United States now is “generally.
positively optimistic that when our request is
submitted. it will be considered favorably."

STATEWIDE
w

New agencies sought
Albany‘
(AP) Gov. Mario Cuomo propOsed creating
two super agencies Thursday to oversee New
York State efforts to help build schools.
homes and hospitals.
Two voluminous bills put before the
Legislature would bring six exiting state agen-
cies under the control of a pair of new

‘31
.r’ t
39H.- h‘"

"cLo
WINTER

Em e v
 e€%\.€f

we:   w i

 

“ neﬁt co oratonsJ'
- p‘l‘lllltlcg‘t’aslernor silo the "reorganization"
will "eliminate duplication and competition
among the existing ﬁnancing agencies in

elds.
lhe‘llltlltiuc importantly. the reorganization
will allow the state to adopt and implement
coherent and rational housing. health and
education policies." Cuomo said.

In addition. the Cuomo plan would gait/Se
about SLS lllion a year It perso‘nne c s .
the governani's ofﬁce estimated. Under the
proposal. a ,new Residential Finance Cor-
poration would be created to help fund the
construction of single and mulli-family hous-
ing in the state. That duty is now shared by
the State of New York Mortgage Agency. the
state Housing Finance Agency. the state Pro-
ject Finance Agency and the state Battery

Cit Authorlt .

P%:omg's other blll calls for the establish-
ment of a State Health and Educational
Facilities Finance Corporation. This new
agency would effectively take the place of the
existing Medical Care Facilities Finance
Agency and the state Dormitory Authority.
The governor said it would also assume the
duties the Housing Finance Agency has in the
educational and health facilities ﬁeld.

This new corporation. Cuomo said. would
help keep “greater control” over hospital
and nursing home construction costs in the
state. Earlier this month. Cuomo ﬁled
another bill with state lawmakers which
would place a cap on those burgeoning costs
starting in I984.

He said the HFA and the Dormitory
Authority —- which lost millions in unsecured
investments when a Wall Street firm collaps-
ed last year — would continue to finance
State University of New York and City
University of New York construction. But he
said the aiding of building projects by private
colleges in New York and community col-
lcges outside of New York City would be
taken over by the corporation.

_ t.
..

 at, .
Illl III 1

o-» —— I--. o _. |--

SW F0

     

nit: Ii

Hlnkley needed help

New York

(AP) The parents of John Hinckley Jr. say
they wanted to send their son to a mental
hospital four months before he attempted to
kill the president but a psychiatrist talked
them out of it.

John's father. Jack Hinckley. told ABC's
Barbara Walters. in an interview to be aired
tonight on the “2040" program. that his son
seemed to be becoming addicted to the drug
Valium.

"We said. ‘John. we think you need to go
to a hospital." the elder Hinckley re.
counted. “and after a long conversation. he
agreed."

However. the next day. the father still. he
had an appointment with John's psychiatrist.
a Dr. John Hopper. The latter was quoted as
advising:

“Don't do It. Don't send him to a mental
hospital. I know what it will do. It will make
a cripple out of him. and I think we cart solve
his problems without that. I think I can have
him off Vallum within 30 to 60 days."

Jack Hinckley said he and his wife went
home and told John that they didn't think he
required hospitalization after all.

"At this point we were all so Confused that
we didn't know what we were doing." the
father added.

“You have a psychiatrist who says. ‘ltt- a
little tough with him."' Miss Walters said It)

John's mother. “You disagreed with thin.
didn't you?"

"Yes. ldld." Mrs. Hinckley replied. "liul
I realized that Jack and I had to [)IC‘IL‘III tt
united front with our son and let him know
we both agreed on what we were doing was
right."

Four months later. on March 3!. Will.
John Hinckley. then 25. tried to assassinate
President Reagan. saying he wanted to at-

tract the attention of actress Jodie Foster.

. spam: we.

R.A

    

 

Two new plays by SUNYA faculty
member Albert Wlnea will be per-
formed on Monday and Tuesday.
May 2 and 3. at 5:30 pm. In the Lab
theater In the PAC. Admlaalon Is
free. .
Sculptor Lyman Kipp will be the
‘flnal speaker In the Artist Lecture
Series. on Monday. May 2. at 6 p.m..
In meeting room 6 on the Concourse
of the Empire State Plaza. Lyman'e
art focuses on simple relationships
between rectangular volumes or
planes.

 

PREVIEW OF EVENTS
——

Speakers Forum presents Noam
Chomsky speaking “Euromlaallea
and Disarmament" on Monday. May
2, at 7:30 pm. In LC 18, admission to
free. '

University Senate will meet on Mon
day. May 2, at 8:30 pm. in the Cam-
pus Center Assembly Hall.

Flutlat Tor Shakerjlan and guitarist
Kevin Dolan will present a concert
on Sunday, May 1, at 7:30 pm. In the
Sanctuary of the First Unitarian
Society of Albany, 405 Washington
Ave.» The duo. from the New York

Metropolitan area will perform
music they have transcribed for the
unusual combination of flute and
guitar. Tickets are $3 for adults and
$1.60 for students. For more infor-
mation contact Nathan Fawcett
474-5294.

A Chemistry Colloquium ontltlea
"Elucidation of Reaction Paths by
Theoretical Meana: Ozonolyala" will
be presented by Dr. Pieter Cremcr
from the University of Cologne on
yadnday. May 2. at 4 pm. In CHM

Brazilian dinner dance Including the
movie Flying Down to Rio followed
by a dance will be held on Saturday.
April 30 at 0 pm. In HU 354. Admis-
aion la 86.

each month at 7:30 pm. In the
Friends Meeting House. 727
Madison Avenue. Albany. The next
meeting will be held on Tuesday.
May 10.For more Information call
evenings and weekends 482—0799.

A Mathematics Colloquium entitled
“Complex Multiplication of Modular
Functions," will be presented by
Professor Martin C. Karel from the
Institute for Advanced Study on Fri-
day. April 29. at 3:30 pm. In ES 140.

Women's Career Seminar for
graduating senior woman featuring
akilla. Insights. and survival tips on
Issues confronting women In
today's work force will be held
Tuesday. May 3 at 7 pm. In the
Campus Center Assembly Hall.

Sale Place oonducta mutual sup-
port meetlnga for people who are
grieving the loss of a loved one by
outside. on the second Tuosday of
Eurall paaaoa and International ID.
cards are available In the Office of
International Programs. ULB 36.
from Mrs. Slcklaa. Eurall passes are
only available In the U.S. so be sure
to get one before you leave.
Participate In a Financlat aid hear-
Ing. Address such lsauea as tuition
hikes. budget cuts. and the
Soloman Amendment on Monday
May. 2 at 10 am. In LC 23.
The Jawbone Reading Series
features readings by Mark Nepo
author of Angels on liarseback.a
cult of poems. on Monday. May 2t

 

b
at noon In HU 354..

__.._

 

 

Bsy Anthon Sllber
A Soc]

A 7E NE ’5 EDITOR

 

“Israel is a racist. colonialist state that
should stink in the nostrils of Jews." accor-
ding to Ralph Schoenman. But according to
Yaakov Goldberg. “there is no peace because
no Palestinian leader in 70 years has had the
courage to step forward and compromise."

These two statements symbolized the vast
gap between Arabs and Jews internationally
and at SUNYA. Schoenman and Goldberg
spoke Wednesday night in the Performing
Arts Center on the historical aspects of the
peace process. a debate jointly sponsored by
Jewish groups on campus and by the Arab
student association. and organized by the
campus administration.

Goldberg. an Israeli who Is currently a
visiting professor of political science at both
Cornell University and George Washington
University. spoke on behalf of campus
Jewish groups. Including JSC-Hillel and
Revisionist Zionist Alternative.

Schoenman. a founder of the Bertrand
Russell Peace Foundation and former
member of the Committee to Investigate
U.S. War Crimes in Indochina. represented
the Arab students. Dean of Undergraduate.

    

mv conen ops
Arab rep Ralph Schoenman
Israel is a classic case of racism.

 

APRIL 29. 1983 El ALBANYSTUDENTPRESS 3

Arab and Jewish groups seek understanding

 

“Democratization
and secularization of
Israel is the .

resolution. ”
— Schoenman

“The foundation of
peace is Arab
understanding. . . ”

— Goldberg

 

Studies Helen Desfosses served as moderator.

The attempt by University ofﬁcials to hold
a jointly sponsored debate by campus Jewish
and Arab groups eventually collapsed into
acrimony with the strict division of seating of
the camps at the debate symbolizing the
broader international polerlzatlon of Jews
and Arabs. The audience of about 50 in the
Recital Hall appeared to be ditided equally
between Arabs and Jews. The crowd was
completely involved throughout. often
breaking into applause and sometimes jeerlng
and laughing at statements by the speakers.
Only at the end. during the question session.
did loud and accusatory remarks appear.
along with several ugly shouting matches.

According to the Chairman of the African
and Afro-American Studies Department.
Frank Pogue. tltc coordinator of administra-
tion efforts towards conciliation between the
two groups. the jointly sponsored debate was
an effort to exchange infortnation in art
academic setting with the hope of building
respect and understanding between the
groups. Each group. said Pogue. provided a
list of speakers who were chosen on the basis
of availability.

Goldberg begun the debate uttd generally
stuck to a historical analysis of tile mideast
conﬂict. “It’s a pleasure to be here." ltc said.
“I see that the camps are polarized — just
like at home."

He recalled a visit to the mideast in I953 by
Secretary of State .Iohn Foster Dulles. who.
frustrated in hisnltempts at mideast recon-
:iliation. said “If these goddam Jews and
goddnm Arabs could sit down like good
Christians. everything would be ().K."

According to Goldberg. four factors
within the Arab world create serious
obstacles to peace — the fact that the Arab
world is in a period of transition. an indentity
problem among the Arabs. the misperception
that the Arab-Israeli conflict is the only con-
ﬂict in the mideast. and finally. that the Arab
intelligentsia has utterly failed to understand

the concept of a Jewish people.

Schoenman. however. based his discussion
on what he referred to as three myths about
the state of Israel. These myths. he said are
the myth that there is democracy in Israel.
the myth of a people without a land. and the
myth that Zionism is the moral legacy of the
victims of the Holocaust.

Like Europe 300 years ago. said Goldberg,
the Arab world is undergoing massive
changes —— Westernization. Industrialization.
Ind a decline in traditional values. "Western
)enctration.” he said. “created trauma
because Arabs always believed they were
superior to the west. They found out they ob-
viously were not."

Further. Goldberg explained that self-
identity of the Arabs is a problem. The
predicament for Arabs he said. was "are We
Egyptians or Arabs? Or are we Moslems
first? What happens." he asked. "when the
three clash?"

The third factor barring mideast peace. ac-
cording to Goldberg. is the misconception
that the Arab-Israeli conﬂict is the only con-
flict in the mideast. "Actually." he said.
"the Arab world itself is filled with divisions.
among them the llltcc‘yt'llr oltl lrun-Irttq war.
the conflict between ligypt and Libya and the
conflict bctwcett Syria and Lebanon."

Finally. Goldberg said. the Arab in-
telligentsia has utterly failed to understand
the concept of" a Jewish people. “Tile fourt-
ltttion of peace." he asserted. "is Arab
understanding of these three pillars: Jewish
people. Jewish history. and Jewish land.“

Schoenman. on tile other hand. said that
the real crux of the Arab-Israeli conflict is
that the state of lsrenl is a classic case of col-
onialism artd racism. "Tile issue." said
Schoenman. "is not the presence of Jews in
the Middle East. it is that of a stale tliltl rt
society predicated on the exclusion of a pen-
plc in their own hind."

Saying that democracy in Israel is a myth.
Sehocntuun asked. “Is it democracy where

Summer session tuition increased

 

By Matt Reiss
STA TE PRESS SERVICE

 

The passage of a revised summer session
tuition schedule highlighted Thursday morn-
ing's meeting of the SUNY Board of
Trustees.

Vice Chancellor for Finance and Business
Harry K. Spindler explained that the summer
schedule tuition increase was one result of a
"very large revenue commitment from the
executive budget." It could not be avoided.
noted Spindler. "without raising regular term
tuition higher." This is also taking into ac-
count the 5300 increase to be passed by the
trustees next month.

The summer tuition schedule raises tuition
from $35 to $45 for New York state residents
while graduate and out-of-state charges are
increased up to SI percent from last year.
“These rates would raise summer tuition to
the same amount per credit hour as that pro-
posed for the fall." he noted. The total in-
crease in revenue projected through higher
tuition costs would equal $50 million. added
Spindler.

In addition to the summer session tuition
schedule. the distribution of revenues
generated by Governor Cuomo's computer
fee increase the projected effects of a five
cent decrease in campus space utilization as
chI as Inanagcmcnt-employee salary in-
creases were discussed.

Executive Vice Chancellor Donald
O'Dowd told the trustees that the $25 com-
puter fee (which was later tacked onto the
tuition increase so that students could
recover the increase from higher TAP
payments) should be sent back to the campus
where it was generated. based on a propor-
tional scale.

Many campuses would use the money to

purchase new micro computers or mini com-
puters with multiple terminals wltilc others
would upgrade present systems. O'Dowd ex-
plained that the money would go only to
computing for academic purposes. not ad-
minstrative computing. He later rejected the
notion that SUNY could effectively compete
with hi-tech schools like Clarkson. Carnegie
Mellon. and RPI. where the computer-to-
;tudent ratio is close to l to 10. The same
ratio at SUNY approached I to 200 at some
campuses. “We'd have to raise ten times as
much revenue (earmarked for computers)."
O’Dowd noted.

Student Trustee James Tierney voiced a
belated protest against the governor‘s suc-
cessful attempt to institute the computer fee.
calling such an action. "a major infringe-
ment on academic freedom."

Vice Chancellor Oscar E. Lanford explain-
ed that the decreased utilization of space was
agreed upon in order to transfer utility sav-
ings to restore faculty positions (removed in
the governor's budget). He explained that t
:ach campus must abandon instruction and'
support space by an average of ﬁve percent
on a university wide level. This formula is not
proportional. as "Albany would not be af-
fected at all." according to Lanford. “and
smile of the others might have to cut 25 per-
cent or more. We didn't think every campus
could go to the 95 percent rule." he conclud-
ed.

SUNY early retirement quotas. nebulous
iu the budget. were set at l000 for the upcom-
ing fiscal year.

Chancellor Clifton Wharton noted the rc-
eent denial of expected salary increases for
certain management personnel. In SUNY.
this denial would effect only those employees
reporting directly to the chancellor. such as
vice chancellors and campus presidents who

trc regarded as ‘politieal appointments.‘ This
has caused us a great deal of concern."
revealed Wharton. He mentioned the
hypothetical case of an administrator resign-
ing and collecting a higher salary for to mon-
ths as a faculty member titan he would have
for l2 months as an administrator.

The congregation of 21 vice chancellors
and other so-callcd 'political appointees' who

the entitlement to join a labor union is based
on race? Where are the rights of due process
to be free from torture are based on race?”

The real resolution of the Arab-Israeli con-
ﬂict. Schoenman. claimed. would be the
democratization and secularization of the'
state of isracl.

In his response, Goldberg asked. “If Israel
is oppressive. what is Syria? Do we want a
democratic secular state based on the Arab
models? Israel." he asserted. “is the only
place in the mideast where Arabs participate
in free elections."

Goldberg contended that since the Zionist
movement began to pick up steam in the 20s
and 305. Jews have consistently been willing
to compromise. During the ﬂight from
Hitler. in the late 305. said Goldberg. Jews
were ready for compromise. In I948. he add-
ed. Jews accepted the UN plan to partition
Palestine. And from that period to I967.
Goldberg said. Israelis were prepared to sign
a peace treaty based on the existing borders.

"On the other side. there has been total
refusal to accept anything but all of
Palestine." said Goldberg.

Goldberg said blame for the plight of the
‘13»
(See page 9 for relalerl story) I

    

AMY COHEN UPS

Israeli Yaakov Goldberg
Aral) war/(I divided.

by trustees

sat in four rows behind the trustees were not
pleased to learn that the state division of
budget has only consented to “discuss
presidential salaries" with Wharton. SUNY
University presidents' salaries are 22 percent
less than the median of their counterparts
presiding over peer institutions. "This leads
to a situation where I‘m very concerned
about retaining and attracting new
presidents." the Chancellor said. D

 

 

woman. according to University Police.

dent at SUNYA.

while police were notified.

dcd.

WOIl’chl SllIdL‘IIlS.

 

Albany man arrested following
harassment of female student

A 35-year-old Albany man was arrested early Wednesday evening for harassment ofa

Lt. David Prendergast. supervisor on duty at the time of tile arrest. said the man. Ed-
ward Graham. whose address Prcndcrgast gave only as “city of Albany." was not a stu-

According to Prendcrgast. the victim. a SUNYA student. was at a third ﬂoor carrcl at
the University Library when a tnan alleged to be Graham "reached ttndcr it and touched
1er knee twice." At that point. said Prendergast. the victim screamed and the attacker
ran downstairs. He said the victim followed and Graham was detained by a library aide

At 8:08 p.m.. Prendcrgast said. Graham was arrested and charged with harassment
and loitering. Graham was lodged at Albany Police Division II Headquarters overnight
and appeared in Albany Police Court for arraignment Thursday morning.

According to Prendergnst. Graham said he was studying but had no books.
Prendcrgast said he could not specttlatc on why Graham was on campus.

Concerning the recent rape on campus. Prendcrgast said. “we don't perceive any pat-
tern" in the two cases. “He (Graham) is not a suspect in the rape case.“ Prcndcrgast nd-

Sincc the rape (outside the Fine Arts building) two weeks ago. Preudergast said.
University Police have taken measures to make the campus environment more safe for

ﬂ

— Anthony Silher

 

 

 

