 

 

 

8a oound & nil-Ion

[0‘10me

List before Spring break The Jim
A Carroll Band put on an ex-
p trememly hot show down at tire
R Chateau Lounge. if. instead of being there.
you were at some bar discussing your plans
3 for Florida. you missed one iirre dose of
rock and roll. What made it so good was
.3 Jim Carroll's powerful singing. lyrics and
y stage presence combined with tlre force of
3 a tight. hard-hitting band behind him The
only possible corrrplaint riitglrt he that it was
a bit too short. because what was there was
some honest. heart felt rock and roll

Chris Berlingeri

Unfortunately. (‘arroll isn't \erv familiar
to many people First and foremost a
tuner. Carroll coiiiliines a brilliant Illit'llt‘
style I orrsistrng of streams of r‘t inst It arsness
uith his street stnart rap William llrrr

I ughs called irirrr "a born writer" and .lack
l\'ernvac said that at thirteen (‘arioil u‘trilt'
"better prose than it” pen eirt oi the
novr. sis working today " At the age of six-
teen he had his fir hunk of poems pttltllslt'
ed. llis poetry was printed til iii-iriy
rnaga/ines. inclrrding the Pork ll't’l‘it'tl' and
The Yale Literary Magirzrnc A few years
later his book of beotry. i.tt’tti5j at the
Movies. was nominated for a Pulitzer Prize

He also collaborated wrtli Patti Smith to
write The [look of Nrids. a collection of
prose poerrrs.

Aside irorrr poetry. he also has a book
which chronicles his life between the ages
of twelve to fifteen. The iiosketbull Diaries.
it is a brutally hottest account of his early
teenage life in New York City. In those
three years he experienced more tliair most
people do in a lifetirrie Running tlrronglr
this. (as with most of his writing) iS the ef-
fects of street life in New York and his ex-
periences with drugs. He lost his virgin
veins at the tender age of tlrriteen arid has
been on and off heroin ever sirrr e For at

 

 

least ten years it was more on tit 41 off. but
presently it isn't as big a part of iris life as it
once was. His life has been filled with
drugs. violence and the ltrss of many Close
friends to traps he lrinrself has so narrowly

ey. trigger! Yea you boy. l'nr talk-

ing to you Where is that white

whore that you hang out with? i
want some of that pussy What's the matter
blackie'.’ The cat got your tongue)"

“Eat shit and die. wirite boy "

" That's real iunrry. I can see that you are
a regular Richard Pryor I bet you didn't
know that l have a couple of iris records at
lrorrre did you?"

"Don't know and don't "rllt‘ to know
l’uck off hunky before i send you off to vrsrt
your ancestors."

“| cart see that you're one of those uppity
niggers Looks like me and the fellows will
have to show you some respect for the
white race. It's bad enough that you think
you can get away with fucking white
wninen. now you're speaking all
disrespectful like to a fully-grown white
man."

“Why don't you just crawl back into the
scumbag yotr came out of. asshole! i don‘t
have the itrne to be bothered by you and
your stupid remarks. As for teaching me a
lesson. I rather doubt that you are dumb
e‘n—o‘ugh to try putting your hands on me."

Hubert—Kenneth Dickey
Why you dirty twovbit nreu. I'll see you
in hell before i let you getaway with talking
to rne like that "

Blood begins to flow and. thank God
above. itlthe bloodjis not mine One dead
white lool later the police stand next to me
irrforrritrrg rrre of my right to rerirairr silent.
Recognizing reality for what it is i don't say
much of anything. lifts of warm rotting
human flesh cling to my arms and chest.
My shirt looks like one of those ink blot
tests they put in front of you to figure out if
you're craty or not They're (the police)
asking all kinds of questions about the body

 

 

 

Catholic BOY Makes Go

escaped. Yet. Carroll has survived and has
integrated everything he's experienced into
his art.

For quite some time Carroll has been
-cmrnected with the * New York
underground. He spent his adolescent
evenings in the back room of Max's Kansas
City where the Velvet Underground played
every night for an entire summer This corr-
rrection led to poetry readings Carroll had
with Lou Reed and later, Patti Smith He
prckerl up odd jobs acting in and writing
pieces of dialogue for some of Andy
Warhol's filrrrs Smith was probably most
responsible for directing Carroll towards
corribining the power of his writing with
that of rock and roll When he eventually
put down some demos he gained many
admirers including Keith Richards. who
was supposed to produce Carroll's first
album but was prevented from doing so
because of commitments with ifinotionol
Rescue.

The Jim Carroll Band has released two V
albums. (.‘rrtholic Boy and Dry Ilreniris.
with a third due out within a couple mon-
ths l'he albums take a little while to frilly
appreciate both lyrically arrrl musically.
they have not lost their appeal even alter
two years of repeated listenirrgs. Catholic
Boy was almost as autobiographical as
Basketball Diaries. Reading that diary you
come across names which show up again
in “People Who Died". Carroll's best
known soirg. lt's sorrrewlrat unfortunate
that people connect him mainly with that
song because. while it is true that death and
drugs are present in his lyrics. he by no
means dwells on them. The most common
criticisms were that he dealt solely with the
past and that he talked more than sang. brrt
these were no longer valid by the release of
his second albunr. Dry Dreams is both a
progression and improvement. Neither of
these albums contain one weak song. a
claim I can't often make.

The band has gone through a few
changes and the present line-up is the best
he's had. The right rhythm section lays
down the rock steady heat while guitarists
Paul Sanchez and Lenny Kaye trade-off

 

that lay beside my feet. Back at the station.
much to the dismay of the police they find
that slncel work for some special top secret
organization they have to let me go,

“It just ain't right letting a nigger get away
with killing a white dude. Once word of this
gets around our job Is going to become that
much more difficult."

"Look. I don't like it any more than you
do but We have to let lrrrrr go He was work
trig on a case or so the story goes."

In the car with the cheese on the way
back to Hi.) the tension is so thick that you
can cut it with a fart No words are spoken
at all until the car arrives at its destination
Once we're out of the (at the cheese says
in his most proper tone that he would like
to see me in his office later. that is. if It isn't
too much trouble it seemed awfully civri of
lrtrrr. almost human. I told him i would
have to trike a rain check on his offer

 

because l had a report to write Faced with

 

 

 

A d

O

    

 

 

rhythms and leads. Hopefully you'll
remember Lenny Kaye from The Paul
Smith (‘noup

The show consisted of songs from the
first twu albutrrs. as well as a few new ones.
The set was kicked into gear as usual with
"Wicked Gravity." From that potrrt on the
tension never let up. and rreltlrer did the
dancing. A few songs trrto the set he in
troduced a new song. “Love Crirrres".
which was very catchy and I'd guess would
be the single off the new album. He did twri
other new songs. "No More Luxury" and
“Lowriders”. though the latter he's had for
almost a year. “it's Too Late". with its
vicious guitar/bass riff. was as powerful as
ever. The lines “You see. you just don't
know. I'm here to give you my heart and
you want some fashion show" describe his
attitude to a live performance. which is
quite a contrast to all the pretty boy poseur
bands around (though I must admit there's
nothing much more fashionable iii my
book than the Elvis Presley T-shirt he was
wearing.)

“One Fool: One Dead”

' .4 1.339;?»

. JIM—mp “In
the. choice oi waiting or telllrig me to break
regulations the cheese Choose to await my
report. i thanked him for understanding
and went into my office.

"('iood rrrornirrg. Miss Wilson. how was
your vacation" Can i please see you iir rrry
office? I have a report to write up: the
ihuese wants to see ll right away "

"lixr'rrse me. sir. but the entire complex
ts liuz/irig with the news oi your arrest for
murder "

"(broil news does travel fast doesn't it.
Miss Wilson"

"( iood news'1 1 don't get the joke Angel.
Marie and some guy who said that his
name was lioli no. l'irll r’allr'rl whrlv you
were out The Sper tal Task l‘orce is on for
ti'/lii) of llil’ tenth "

"Miss Wilson, what to you ( oirsirler tube
iiriprirtarit rrr tune of rrlltrrrate trrsis‘r’ (hid
itlttl his tlttttt h.or. imrtan and his barrrl ni

 

 

fools" lirat's an unfair question. please

   

 

  
   

 

 

24...“... .. .

 

The song i was most impressed with that
iright was "Lorraine." It's even rrrore uri-
rrerving dnrre live than on record. This gutr
wrenching. dramatic song was extended
and worked into a serious funk groove by
Lenny Kaye. A very pleasant surprise. The
only songs that Lenny Kaye really played
lead on were “Catholic Boy" and Lou's
“Sweet .fane” (“an oldie but goodie"). The
only encore consisted of “liarrlcades”.
.lim's first rittenrpt at a political song in
which he basically says "later" to the war-
lrurrgry government mongrels, and they
closed the set all too early with “People

Who Died."

Overall this was one iirre show with no
dull moments. and that applies to all Crir~
roll's writing arid music He hasn't received
much exposure but both his books and
albums have received critical acclaim and
are well worth clreckliig out. Hopefully
with the release of his new album and sorrre
more live appearances he‘ll get the attenA
tioir he so rightly deserves l l

disregard it Did that guy llill. what was his
name? liut what pray tell does he want of
me?"

Said that he went to the same school as
you That he was just trying to look irp an
old school buddy "

“That's strange I don't recall airy school
buddy by that name .it all. The older one
gets the more distrustful(your
mind)beconres. l’lease do a security check
on that call .Mrss Wilson "

“hir. there is one more tlirirg I should tell
you; your private life is none of my
business. but. what's going on? Are you
happy in your enlaglements or are you just
marking lime" (‘iirls say to themselves all
the time we fallnradly ltl‘lUVL' with guys
who don't even know that we are alive. lint
don't go feeling pity. Believe it or not it is
really better this way because we (women)
can be iii love wrtlr our drearrr boat without
all the negatives of a relationship. What I'm
trying to say is that sometimes things have
to come to end so that other things can
come into our lives to replace yesterday
with today,"

"Miss Wilson. was there sorrre reason for
that or were you merely speaking aloud
thoughts usually sprited away for use only
duriirg the. wee hours of the morning?"

“WAX on with all that you dare face in
the bottorri oi your soul and the back of
your rnlnd. You wouldn't be trying to ptrt
the make on me. str""

“Getting back to that report. let's call it
One Fool. One Dead."

“Anything you say. sir. anything at all.
You wouldn't be free for dinner this even
ing? 'l'lrei’e's something 1 worrlrl...that cart
wait. I'll have that report ready in hall an
hour."

“Thank yoir. Miss .Wllson. Once again
you have proveri yonsell to be rr
lifesaver." l l

i yr estral

 

 

 

  

 

 

rchestral Manoevres in the Dark
. sounds like the name of a film

that Hitchcock scrapped. or
wyla Tharp's latest dance project. It's
either. Andy McCluskey. half of OMD's
eative core. summed it up when he said.
We wanted an interesting name--
mething that would stand out...lt was

Mr 978. and England was still very iiruclr in

e punk era. it's not a rock band name. we
(ought. because we're riot a rock band."

Gail Merrell

v And OMDs music isn't rock-rr-roll. 0r-
Manoevres has put out three
I unis of beautiful pop and dance tunes.
ti eir focal instrument was the mellotron (a
. ntheslzer). yet OMl) kept so much
rrrrtlr and.richness in the music that they
oided a cold lechnri‘prip sound. They
ed real drums. and Paul l'lurrrphreys'
re voice gave the pieces a human quallr

Orchestral Manoevres in the Dark began
' a hobby for Andy McCluskey and Paul
umphreys. The two art school students
Lsorded innovative rnusic-- lots oi elec-
ontc noodlirrgs and radio transmissions.
. V 978. while the rest of England was still
thrilling to the stripped-down sound oi
Blink. the boys were hitting the stage with
tape recorders. The duo gradually became
'8 band. adding drummer Malcolm Holmes
’and keyboardist Martin Cooper.
'K'Although the lyrical content oi their
songs is serious. the vocals avoid the
"rieurotic. paranoid sound of so many oi to-
day's new-wave bands. “Enola Gay." still a
popular dance-club hit. is named for the
plane that dropped the first atomic bomb.
"Electricity" simply states our dependency
on electric energy. without apologizing for

3
H

 

ll. .

The only hint of the barrds' former dabbl~
ing ways came in the passages at the begin-
r'iing and at the end of most of their songs.
'Synthesizers echoed coldly and tunelessly.
it seemed that Andy and Paul couldn't let
‘iis or themselves enjoy their music fully. if
the tnappropriateness of the lyrics didn't
unnerve you. the. deliberate irrationality oi
the obscure musical patterns surrounding
their brightest pop tunes would. It seemed
that OMI) was ‘ufiering from "Fear of Suc-

 

 

_ 'Dazzling Manoevres~

  

.‘Irt‘rﬂ‘r't'v r71. '

 

rm; '1.

 

annual _& victor! 9a

ﬁnm'vtn}

 

A,"
lAridy McClrisky uan Paul liurrrphreys

 

 

 

 

 

cess." purposely working against the ac-

glance ai a recent Billboard list of
the top ten ran albums displays
, air interesting occurrence iir
music. Unlike rock. where the biggest sell
lrrg records are those played most often by
ilie rock radio stations. most of the leading
jazz sellers are not of the type of jazz

4 >featured on most jazz radio programs here

hr the northeast. While New York's WBOO
and WKCR. and our own WCI)B and

.iWRPl generally feature jazz played on

acoustic instruments. music in the im»
:provisatiorral jazz tradition. the big sellers
are almost eXclustvely recordings of electric
far in the jazz/rock fusion nrode.

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

Larry Rader

While. artistically. the talents of some'of
jazz's most original and creative musicians
may be going largely unlistened to. the
ptrblic's familiarity with names like Gil
Scott-Heron and David Sanborn. two sax-
ophonists who lead popular funk/fusion
bands, is good for jazz in general. (‘ir'over
Washington Jr is a current spokesperson
for Kentucky Fried Chicken. and no matter
which radio station plays his commercial.
there is an undeniable iii/.1. promotion each
tlrrre he stops talking about wings and plays
lits ‘ax.

There is really no mystery as to wiry the
iii/J. stations are not playing the biggest sell-
ing records. Jazz. in general is not an overly
successful conrriiercial business. and while
Grover. Gil and David get airplay on com-
rnercial funk and soul stations. the four jazz
stations named above are non»comrrrercial
(all are college

   

 

 

 

alions except WBGO. ~

cesstbility of their material.

The question was. were these twenty-
one year olds from Liverpool being preten-
tious. or did their art school background
Simply demand them to be creative? Judg-
ing from their latest release. Dazzle Ships.
it's obvious that pretentious doesn't apply.
Original is more like it. as OMD has finally
taken those brief musical patterns and ex-
tended them irrto full-length songs. Dazzle
Ships develops the groups two diverging
lrrterests by mixing pop songs with muslque
concrete-- irrontages of natural sounds and
radio transmi. ions arbitrarily modified and
arranged. Dazzf- Ships cruises ahead with
an incredible cast of synthesiyers. including

 
   

which is an outlet of National l’rrlilic
liadro). and we all know that non-
r'orrrmerctal stations are not required to
play a sales oriented format.

Occasionally. a raw releasc is able to

cross the line to popularity. while remain»
ing in the jam tradition One recent exam
ple. Quartet. by Herbie. Hancock. is ex-
periencing clrartnrakirrg sales. while receiv»
trig acceptance and airplay on jazz radio
stations. It is air albrrrrr of mostly hard driv-
ing jazz times with the masterful pianist
llancock jttlllL'tl by the young trumpet seri-
sation. Wyrrton Marsalis. This combina»
lion. along with the fact that both are highly
promoted Columbia artists. is. in itself.
enough to sell records. But the album is
generally quite good. with both Hancock
and Marsalis deliverrrrg four sides of vir-
‘tunso soloing backed by Hancock's long
time rhythm section of [in
and drumrrrer Tony Williams.

Quartet. however. is not an album
without flaws Hancock. Carter arid
Williams were the rhythm section in Miles
Davis' revolutionary quintet of the sixties.
and the playing on this session. although
technically similar to rrrrrclr of Miles'
material of that era. lacks the intensity and
excitement that surrounded the original.
Echoes of bygone glories abound even in
lliL' clrolce of rrraterial. llancnck's “The
Sorcerer" and Williams' "l’ee Wee" were
given their definitive recordings by the
Davis quintet. and their Versions here are
pale by comparison. Orr 'l'helonious
Monk's “'Rnrrnd Midnight" and “Well. You
Needn't." the arrangements are faithful to
Miles'. and while these numbers are quite

 

 

‘t Ron Carter '

 

'Jazzin Up The C

the popular Prophet 5. assorted Korgs.
rhythm kits and organs. The band also uses
guitars. drums. and a few different types of
basses. On a more interesting note. toy
pianos, a typewriter. a Sanyo short wave
radio and the “Speak and Spell" machine
are present.

Unfortunately. tnriovative is not always
exciting. The monotonous "Time Zones" is
exactly what the name implies" overlapp-
ing recordings in various languages of “at
the tone. the time will beg..." The most rr
ritating thing about the piece is not how it
sounds. but~the fact that although it .ip
pears to be making a statement. it never

harts

good. they lack both the urgency present in
the soloing that was typical ttr liavis' group.
and the charismatic playing of Davis
himself. ‘

Although he is undoubtedly and
deservedly the most heralded young
trumpeter of the last decade. Wynton Mars
salts cannot fill the void left by Miles'
absence l lis playing on these times is rare-
ly as inspired as on his irrrpressive debut
album. or as on his work as a sirleinan in
Art Blakey's Jau Messengers. With notable
exceptions — the blistering cliniitSes on
Hancock's "Eye of the Hurricane." and
some pretty Milesian playing on 'iound
Midnight" ~ Marsalis sounds stoic and
crisply efficient. lie is a virtuoso player
ihrougliout. but he seems unescited. or. at
least. unaffected by the excitement of play-
ing with musicians who must have been his
heroes just a few years ago These sessions
were recorded in 1080. when Marsalis was
only twenty. and there'. really no excuse
for lack of enthusiasm on his part. He is a
truly original and gifted soloist. brrt riraybe.
at his tender young age. he has grown
slightly too popular for his own good; some
more work as a sideman for a tough
bandleader like lilakey may be what he
needs.

As a former prodigy and subsequent
underachiever himself. Tony Williams
rriiglrl be able to give young Wyrrtoii some
advice as to how to avoid that late. Orr
Quartet. Williams' drumming. along with
Carter's bass playing are a real saving
grace. Throughout the session. the two
play as a duo that knows each other trrside
and out; their accompaniment is near

 

  

 

 

goes ., “Dazzle Ships." the title 5
track. is more Interesting because It tells aA
story through sounds. it could easily be a p
sequel to "Sealarid" off of Architecture and R
Morality. A humpback whale is calmly
)moving through the water. Slowly. the
jsound of radar trackings well up from the
depths of the ocean and wham. the whale 9
is harpooned. Tire whale thrashes and fl
cries out miserably before lifting its tail in -
the air for the final time and falling back
dead Angels fly in and carry the whale up
to humpback heaven. Although the death
scene is overdrarnatized. the novelty of the
sound-story overshadows any of the
death's ill effects. The most successful of
OMl)'s montages is “This is llelena". a
hodgepodge of guitars. sirens and drums
The driving beat plays off of the guitars
creating a neat volley between the sounds
When Orchestral Manoevres pulls away
from their tripe decks and decide to pop
they sizzle. Both “Genetic Engineering"
and "'l'elegraph" push you onto the dance
floor while irrakirrg a statement The two
songs botli point out. in a childlike way. the
dangers of technology The numbers warn
of a loss of indivttluality due to scientific ad
vancernent This feeling is echoed on the
experimental "ABC Auto-industry" which
strongly attacks the field of robotics. calling
robots "Frankenstein's monster." The
rerrratrrder of the album is devoted to
slower pop tunes. which is Orchestral
Marroevre's forte. "International" has a
propelllrrg ballroom beat that Serenades the
listener. The sound is uncluttered arid the
melody is very subtle arid soothing. “Silent
Running" captures the feeltrrg of “walking
on air." The beauty of the music creates an
ethereal feeling. The song is so powerful in
its romance that it could send warring
couples running back to each others arms.
Perhaps this time OMD has found its
niche. combining its slower songs with
dance songs and electronic experiments.
The composite may not be for everyone.
and Andy McCluskey is aware of that. As
he said. "We're treading a very painful and
difficult path between wanting all the time
to do what we want to do. and realizing
that we've tirade the conscious decision to
sell records and play the game. We're just
hoping we're braarrced to our side not the
industry side " Hopefully their side will
win i

peileir behind Hancock's and Marsalis'
srilris‘ for his part. ilaircock's playing is
some of his best i’t years He remains one
of the few pianists identifiable by touch
alone. and his work behind Marsalis' solos
is often more exciting than Marsalis
himself llancock demonstrates, as he has
many times before. that when he throws
away his :vrithesi/er. he is one of the most
gifted pianists iii the world of law.

 

Occasionally. a jazz release is
able to cross the line to
popularity while remaining iii
the jazz tradition. Quartet is
one which does.

 

Quartet is enjoyable on too many fronts
to be. in any way. a bad album. It suffers
from ilre fact that. when superstars get
together and do largely what they (lid to
become famous. without treading on much
new ground. the lack of innovation cannot
sustain the excitement of the event.
(itoundbreakers cannot be expected to
break ground every time out. however.
and. for their efforts. Hancock and Co.
have produced an album of very listenable
jazz. which deserves its place on jazz radio.

 

as well as in the charts. [J

a

 

 

 

 

 

 

. «».u.-,m.4wmu 2.x .Ah”\r.'-":au.:)lins

  

