 

     

 

_ _p W . — I  m m ' ' ' m... . ,m so... .  x 4- “ . A .-   _ ** ----~'-<‘*',"WFTT'W'CMrT"Trﬂ‘t’w‘ﬂ'fm  .- v v I r  v
i
0‘ ﬁ""f‘li‘1‘“lle ...... ..... .. . . . I 
.4? mt i_\"'..'l.‘u‘..l\r' (A: ~..  .  m .1983 " ALBANYSTUDENTPRESS '3
8 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS El OCTOBER 25.1983 ‘ OCTOBER 25 l I 

 

c,.,.._.._,;; 9.. . v.

. ...-.

~; ‘ ._ s. .. “-3-..‘

 

 

 

  
 

Teacher review policy focuses on peer opinions

 

By Keith Marder
and .lim O'Sulltvan

The University Senate Council on Educa-
tional Policy approved a policy statement on
faculty peer evaluations at SUNYA Monday.

The committee’s report. which was
prepared by the Committee on Evaluations
Policy will be sent' to the Senate at its
November meeting. according to Professor
Keith F. Ratcliff. chair of the committee.

The bill placed its emphasis on peer evalua-
tion of professors at the expense of student
evaluations. charged Mitch Felg. a student
member of the council who voted against the
m e a s u r e .

The report was edited at the insistence of
the five student members of the council.
Originally, student evaluations Were recom-
tncndcd in a sub-topic of the document's peer

evaluation section. With the change. student
evaluations are listed as a separate topic.

Student members of the council argued

 

News Updates

Chairpersons named

The following people have been named as
departmental chairmen: Richard Orville.
Department of Atmospheric Sciences;
Stephen DeLong. Department of
Geological Sciences; Seth W. Spellman,
Departtnent ofAfrican and Afro-American
Studies: Gary H. Gosscn. Anthropolgy
Department; John S. Pipkin. Geograplty
Department; Sung Bok Kim, History
Department; Edna Acosta-Helen. Depart-
ment of Puerto Rican. Latin American and
Carribcan Studies; John W. Rohrbaugh.
Department of Public Administration;
Martin Edelman. Political Science Depart-
ment; John C. Overbcck. Classics Depart-
ment; and Rodney L. Patterson. Depart-
ment of Slavic Languages and Literature.

Prof edits book

Joseph F. Zimmerman. a political science
professor at SUNYA, has teamed up with
his budget examiner daughter to edit a new
book for introductory political science
students. The Politics of Subnalional
Governance has just been published by the
University Press of America.

According to Zimmerman. whose
specialty is state and local government. he
and his daughter, Dierdre A. Zimmerman.
wrote the anthology as an alternative for in-
troductory students in political science.

Dierdre A. Zimmerman. a graduate of
the Maxwell School of Public Affairs at

that student input would be left out. while
faculty members said students did not have
the knowledge to evaluate. Radcliffe pointed
out. “that's what students are here for,"
referring to the fact that students are here to
learn.

Radcliffe. however, did suggest additional
student evaluations. saying. “We have talked
about a lot of possibilities, For one, inter-
viewing students. we would try to pull out the
best students and ask what they learned.
Another possibility." Radcliffe continued.
“is to take alumni students five or ten years
out of school, and see what impact the class
has had on their career."

When the council voted. the ﬁve student
votes were split. with three in favor. one abs-
taining. and Mitch Felg voting against it.

The report began by discussing the purpose
of professor evaluations. attd ltow the evalua-
tions should be made. .

“The committee represented the broadest

spectrum of opinions on the subject of the
evaluation of teaching." said the report.
Faculty and administrators who use evalua-
tions in making personnel decisions were in-
terviewed by the committee. Three of the
committee members have served as depart-
ment chairpersons. and have experience in
preparing evaluations.

The committee “determined that most of
the signiﬁcant questions that underlie an
evaluation of teaching in a university can be
credibly answered only through a responsible
peer review.” said the report. The report
went on to say that teacher evaluations have
for too long focused upon the single item of
student questionaires." The report said stu-
dent opinion is “unique and essential." but
should only be one part of the evaluation.

While the policy gives peer review the
"central role" in teacher evaluations. it
leaves the "details of implementation" up to
each department.

Teacher evaluations should answer ques-

tions which “bear strongly on the evaluation
of teaching. and can be responsibly answered
only by peers,’ the report stated. Examples of
such questions include whether tltc con}...
are challenging. comprehensive and up-to.
date. and whether “course assignments and
examinations allow for an adequate cvttlua.
tion of students‘ performances."

Finally, on the subject of in-clnss cvttltttt.
tions. the report does not encourage 0.
discourage the procedure. “Ohsctvtttiun in
the classroom is at the discretion of tlcpttrt.
mental faculty," the rep * slatted. three
points are made in the repot t; lilill clitwtlntn
observation be made with the cottwnt ol tin-
instructor, that each observation bc lllittlc by
at least two peers. and that UltNL‘llililtllls
should span several days to “cnsutc itlit'lttiilit.‘
representation."

The committee began working in ()tltlitur
l952 and formu.. ' its slitlctttcul tillilill!
January to May l983, ....v lil'i'snitl.

 

 

 

Syracuse University. has been employed
since l98] by the New York State Division
of the Budget. where site conducts
organizational and management studies.
She lives in Rensselaer.

Joseph Zimmerman ltas been on the
university faculty sine l965 and lives in
Delmar.

Fall elections

Tile internal Affairs Cotnmittce of Cen-
tral Council has decided against contesting
the Student Association fall elections. ac-
cording to Neil Shapiro. cltair of the com-
mtttee.

According to Shapiro. the committee still
feels that election policy was broken. but
they decided that "the infractions of the
election policy did not have a direct effect
on the outcome of the elections.’I

The internal Affairs Committee will in-
terview SA Elections Commissioner Tom
Busby on Tuesday to decide whether they
will propose that Council dismiss him.
Shapiro said.

Stony Brook stance

The president of the State University of
New York at Stony Brook has disassociated
the school's administration from a course
that equates Zionism with racism and
Nazism.

in a meeting there Oct. ill with an ofﬁcial
of the Anti-Defamation League of B'Nai

B'rlth, President John M. Marbtttger said
such a linkage. as advanced in a course en-
titled “The Politics of Race," is “morally
abhorrent."

Marburgcr told Rabbi Artltttr Seltzer.
Long island rcgional director of ADL. that
tile Stony Brook administration would act
itttmcdlately to “review courses of racial.
ctltnic attd religious sensitivity to insure the
proper balance in presentation between
academic freedom and academic respon-
sibility."

“The Stony Brook administration."
Marburger said. “absolutely divorces itself
from any view that links Zionism with
racism or Nazism. Furthermore. i find such
linkages morally abhorrent."

Marburger acted following a protest
lodged by ADL over the written syllabus
for the course. tattght by Professor Ernest
Dube. which speciﬁed "three forms of
racism: Nazism in Germany; Apartheid in
South Africa; and Zionism in lsracl." The
syllabus then goes on to state: “Suggested
topics include ‘Zionism is as muclt racism as
Nazism was racism."

Kerr resigns

Central Council Vice Chair Lisa Kerr
resigned frotn Council last Friday. Student
Association ofﬁcials announced Monday.

.Kerr was an off-campus representative
and an internal Affairs Committee chair
for part of last year.

Council will elect a new vice chair during
their meeting Wednesday night.

 

 

Excellence awards

President O’Lcary has announced lilitl
the University program of iixccllcnrc
Awards will be continued during two at.
Winners of the awards rcccive $100 and up.
proprlatc recognition. Eaelt tnctnhct oi llu‘
campus corntnunity is eligible to ttotltittutc
individuals for the following awards:

Excellence in Teaching anti Atltis—
lng—Nominecs may be of any ncttdctnic
rank below that of Distingttishcd Prol'cxsot.
Nominations should be forwarded to tltc
Ofﬁce of Academic Affairs (Al) 201).

Excellence in Research—Open to faculty
below the rank of Distinguished l’rol’cwtt
who demonstrate outstanding research illiti
scholarship. Nominations should be tot-
wurded to the Vice President for Rest-tutti
(AD 227).

Excellence in Professional Scr-
vices—Recognizcs extraordinary prottw.
sional achievement by members of the non
teaching and non-librarian staff. Ntlilliliti
tions should be sent to the Ofﬁce of Ulliu‘l'
sity Affairs (AD 23l).

Excellence in Support Services—Open to
those who have given superior performance
or service in a classified position. Nontitttt
tions should be forwarded to the Office ot
Finance and Business (AD 236).

The deadline for nominations is
November is. The i982-83 winners for ex-
ccllence in teaching Were Sttttg llok Kitn
(History) and Hans Pohlsandcr ((‘lttssit‘xl.
The winners of the President's Award tot
Excellence in Teaching were Jttditlt “ill'ithi
(English). Richard Goldman (English) and
Jack Smith (Physics).

 

RA

7 e¢§§°

 

4 divisions: Mona

Finals - Nov. 6th

> beginningvi

Womens

Mena  advanced
Womens

All Singles Matches

Sign-tsp in WIRA office in gym 10-20 — 11‘2

Entrance Fee - $1

Proceeds to Telethon ‘84

UETBALL TOURNAMENT.

... .... ........................................
Co-sponsored by WIRA and TELETHON ‘84 "f’&e
.
November 5th St. 6th 5.6.2.9

ntermediate

 

me It. COPLAND
Anorneyal Law
Practice
limited to
immigration Matt-n
an Imam.
Albany, My. M707
518) 434-0175

  
 
 
 
 
  

 

 

ASP business

staff meeting
this is mandatory

 

 

 

Wed., Oct.26, 9 pm.

 

$00000... uueeeoou
AL SMITH

Sporting Goods
—___

47 Green St.
Albany, N.Y.

{behind Tt'ailwuya hits

 

«» .o.b~.~_n—-mw

 

=couooooooo ooooooooooooooo
00.00.00.000.- onoueooo ooooo

atatton.)
4656337
Special Discounts to
Students
Lettcrcd T Shirts
Uttifortna

‘ Equipment

w fit/.1...
92“.“  11.. , ,l
“'1 r
. ........ .......

Self-identity is the key to surviving break-ups .

 

 

Karen stood in ltcr suiteroom staring at the
door. Larry's words echoed in her cars:
we split up." Site sat down on the ﬂoor and
began to cry. Karen had never before felt so

One of the hardest things to do is to sur-
vive the break up of a love 
emotionally draining and Earth
painful. it is a'timc of con-

But is is also a time of personal growth. it
is a period in one's life that requires

Rudy Nemser. counseling coordinator of
Middle Earth. is plantting a weekly workshop
focus on the emotions and feeling a break up
causes. attd explain the process of rebttildittg

A conttttott ttotion people have is that a
rclationship makes you a whole person, a
it's as if being in a relationship makes you
worthwhile. Rudy Ncmscr said this is a
duty they are ttotltittg without their boy or
girlfriend. that tltcrc is no life after a relation-
over a break up is accepting that these fccl-
ings of insecurity arc unrealistic.
brcttk up? (iuilt. heartache and depression
are among tltcttt. Ncmscr said feelings ex-
tcactions when a loved one tlics.

Dcntlt researcher Kublcr-Ross defines i'ivc
tltc loss of it lovcd title. The stages are denial.
bargaining. auger and dcprcssion. and they
a love relationship.

Rttrcly do both parties in a couple mutually
party is tcudy to say goodbye earlier tltatt the
otltct.'l'l1cotic who was left ol‘tcn then denies

By Fellsa Gilckman

"Karen. it‘s over between us. i titink it's time
utterly alonc.
relationship. A break up is
fusion, anger. and disbelief. 
gentleness. nurturing. and honesty.
on surviving the loss ofa love. The group will
your self-identity. said Nemser.
fttttctiottal pcrson, or an attractive person.
dangerous thing to do. People often bclicvc
ship breaks up. The largest part of getting

What are the most common reactions to a
pcrienccd lit a break up are similar to the
stages a person passes through to cope with
are relevant for those dealing with the loss of
decide to end their relationship. Usually one
/

Xi»
ow


 

1

. \r‘.u:1MMit~‘ r“ 

the end of the rclationsltip. Statements such

as “i can't believe it's over." or “He is just ‘

angry. he'll be back" are common-The per-
son is so shocked that he or she really doesn‘t
believe the relationship has ended.

Tltc bargaining stage can be recognized by
statements such as "ifshc comes back. 1 pro-
misc 1'“ lose ten pounds.” or “i swear l'il go
to all my classes if you give me one more
chance.“ it‘s as if tltc person is bargaining
for the continuation of the relationship.

Often during the bargaining stage, each
person feels guilty. The one who initiates the
break-up often leaves because of another per-
son. He or she feels guilty because they are
thinking. "Here i am. happy with another
person. and i left her alone_miserable." The

lcave?"This a common reaction. it is vital to
remember that when a person leaves a rela-
tionship. he is probably doing what's best for
himself. it is in no way a reﬂection of the
other's inadequacies. Rather, it means that
that person's needs have changed. and they
are simply not met by the other mate.

The stage following anger is depression.
Unfortunately. thisris the hardest stage to get
through. it can last anywhere from one day
to a few years. depending on the personality
of tire person. The best thing a person can do
is to not dwell on the past. The best way to
ltclp oneself is to try to move on. It is im-
porant to see the relationship as an ex-
perience in that person's life which was
meaningful and fulfilling. But a person must

The most important thing is to realize
that you can get through the pain, you will
fall in love again, and you will be loved
again.

 

one wlto is left l'ccls gttilty because they ttrc
thinking, “ifi had only bcett tnore giving, or
ulcer. or prettier, \vc'tl still be together."

Tltc ncxt stage. anger. is probably ottc of
tltc healthiest stages of u break-up. it signifies
a period itt which the person begins to tltittk
of himself with respect. S/he begins to
bclicvc .s/hc is important cttottglt to be both
loved and broken up with. with honesty and
gentleness. Often this is precisely what a per-
son is angry about w the manner in which
they were left.

When many people lcnvc a relationship.
tltcy are unsure of ltow to do it. instead of
dealing with it openly and honestly with tltcir
partttcr. they sneak out. Tltc pct'sou who was
left \itttls thinking self-destructive thoughts:
“What's wrong with me? What made her

also know when to move on and to proceed
with one‘s own life.

Author Paula Sicgcl lttts some advice for
people who ttrc going through this difficult
period. First. she encourages making an ef-
fort to bc social. This may help yott forget
your troubles for a short time. Sccond. be
kind to yourself. Make an effort to look your
best. You will feel better. You will realize you
can fttttcliott on yottr own. You may realize
that being alone isn‘t its bad as you thought.
Rctttctttber. "alone" isn‘t equivalent to
"lonely." Tltird. try to mold additional
stress during this titnc. it's not a good idea to
take on new challenges or make life cltangcs.
Give yoursclt titttc to he ptttttpcrcd ttttd titttc
to think. Don‘t drown yourscll~ itt a second
job. Fourth. get physically fit. if you already

SAT. OCT. 29th

8:30

- 1:00

Doors Open At 8:00 - Bring ID

ADVANCED
TICKET SALES

ON

LY! !

arc. stay that way. Feeling and looking
healthy will make you feel better about
yourself. it will heighten your self-concept.
Finally. remember there are others who love
you. Lean on these people for emotional sup-
port. Let them know you're hurting, that
you're depressed. and let them help. Even if
helping means listening. or playing a game of.
Scrabble.

The last stage in any break up is accep-
tance. You begin to accept that the relation-
ship is really over. Often a person begins to
see things clearly in this stage. You may
realize that you are happier now that you
have broken up.

Rudy Nemser cautions against working
toward a reconciliation. Don‘t get into a
physical fitness program because you think
he'll want you back if you're thinner. Do it
for yourself! And don't go back to a relation-
ship unless you have good evidence that
things have changed. For instance. if your
boyfricttd beats you. don't go back to him
unless you know that tltere will not be a
rccurrancc. if he's told you twenty times
before that he won't itit you again. his word
is ttot enough. lie stttart for yourself.

lt':. important to note that botlt parties in
thc rcttltionship go through these stages.
ilotlt grieve and hurt. Often the one who in-
itiated the break up went through tltese stages
before lcttvittg. By tltc titttc of the break up.
tltcrc is nothing left to feel except relief. Try
to recognize tltough. that there will be fond
tltctlttlt’ich on botlt sides. and even if the rela-
tionship cannot continue. you have shared
something very special together.

ilrcaking up is a long journey. it takes
tittte. energy. and gentleness. 'l'ltc tnost im-
portant thing is to realize that you can get
through the pain, you will fall itt love again.
and you will be loved again.

The workshop on breaking up will meet
Thursday evenings frotn 7:30 p.m.—9:00

p.m. at Middle Earth in Dutch Quad. l'l

let-listiGlt't-kntun is a staff ntentber of Middle
Earth

THE HALLOWEEN PARTY
CAMPUS CENTER BALLROOM

41%..»

 

TICKETS ON SALE NOW THRU FRIDAY 11-3
IN THE CAMPUS CENTER.

SPONSORED BY THE CLASS OF ‘84, ‘85, ‘86, & ‘87

 

 

 

