v"-*A~“s

-AV-_L_.._

l
l

. n...- “mu—mm.
‘-~.-~..-.M h .9.

9.2;";
_, y 1“

 

 

 

 

maﬁa aim

present

      

WITH SPECIAL GUEST

Thurs... Feb. 10
a PM.

Proctor’s

 

      

berr/es record stores and»

Commun/ty Box Ofﬁces at

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Scheheﬁady Practor's, Colon/e Center and
' Empire-State Plaza. '

 

'I'iﬁliets on sale low
in the (ampus
center LGIDIDY _

I only 500 Tickets
are Available! 1

FOI’ More III'I’O
Call 4-57-8529

 

 

 

 

‘lntroopccﬂve

 

 

 

Editor’s Aspect

t always seems to come down to the same thing. The

1 Beatles summed it up in 1968with their classic Allyou‘need

is love. and it is as ever a present topic now as it was then. it

has changed the course of history. some have killed for it. or died

for it. In any case. it is one topic no one can disregard as having a
large impact in our lives.

There was a time. not so long ago. that a person fell in love
with one person. married him/her and spent the rest of their days
with them. Needless to say.(especially if you read last weeks issue)
that tune has changed. There are people I know who fall in love
every week. They fall in love on the bus. on the podium. at the
Chateau, in their classes. Maybe it is not really another person they
are seeking to fall in love with. perhaps it is the zeal for life they are
infatuated with and/or the excitement of getting to know someone
for the first time and imagining all the “endless possibilities". In any
case. love has formed itself a new definition. one that often causes.
a lot of confusion.

How do you find some one who is “right”? People go to all
lengths to attract that special person. I just read about a guy named
Nelson Adams who has launched a College Students Magazine
with a personal ad publication which is supposed to provide "well—
educated young adults a new way to meet”. Why. imagine that!
The description continuos: “The magazine will consist of ads plac»
ed by college students who want to meet other college students.
presumably for amorous purposes eventually." (The amorous real—
ly chokes me. you know. what are they afraid of--S & M'R'r‘) You
pay for these ads, of course? Reminds me of the Village Voice per-
sonals. Have you ever read any of those things?~sorne are rather
normal— but sortie are so bizarre. they are einbarassing. Never—
theless. I am anxious to find out what happens to this little
magazine. you see. it is trying lo go for nationwide publication. I
wonder. does that mean we are beginning to settle down? Are we
looking for more meaningful relationships? (Yeah. I know. I hate
the word meaningful also,“ but you get the point. don't you?)
Have we given up the intrigue in a full-fledged challenge?

This weeks Aspects attempts to investigate the effects of a
Village Voice personal. I would like to thank Kenny and Vivian for
being so helpful (and so nice»looking). And remember. there are

only ten days left till Valentine's Day. so get moving.

 

 

 

 

 

 WWW... w... A ;;.[',;....'.,y,,_, ‘. . ‘1 r 

Debbie Millman

—   ' if; 

     
 
  
 
   

r

 

\‘ Q, g g; : '3‘"  Thanks Craig, baby

Inside. . .

48-58: Perspectives:
Mr.H.—K.D. raps about boredom
while B.O’B.continues
the throes of New York.
Lee lets us in on the strip

6a'7a: Centerfold:
A personal fantasy:
Two from the heart and them some

861-96: Sound and Vision:
The legendary Carroll
critics a new classic,
Merrell transcends Young
and Schneider’s got flower power

128: Endgames:
The Pudz are back, along

with Spectrum, of course .

  

cover by Dean Betz
and Debbie Millman

Word On A Wing

Boy meets girl. . .
and love is on
its way.

—-¥Haircut 100

CamTt (n-iOH'I‘UM} m

A

women-—

 

