   

    
    
 
 
   
  
    
   
  
 
    
   
    
    
  
 

  
       
    
       
     
   
   
  
 
 
   
       
   
    
  
  
   
 
   
    
 
 
   
   
  
    
  

 

 

. 1851mm ALBANY STUDENT PRESS o APRIL 15. I983

 

 

  

Women’s softball team takes two from Oneonta

~ N5. .

‘ ‘3... 

 

 

 

    

ED MARUBSICH UPS
Freshman pitcher Wendy Williams had a no-hltter for live Innings in
the first game of Albany’s doubleheader sweep of Oneonta.

Army downs netters

ﬂ By Joan Phillips —

 

Tlte Albarty women's tennis team
traveled to West Point on Wednes-
day to take on Army.

Despite the 2-7 loss the Albany
team returned encouraged. as thc
team's performance continues to
improve.

in the first singles spot Army's
Lelia True defeated Albany
freshman Debbie Leffe 6-3. 7-6. in
the number two spot Albany Cap-
tain Joan Phillips held on to win
3-6. 7-6. 6-4 over Army's Jamie
Ruffing. At number three sirtgles
Great Dane junior Lauren lsaacs
lost to Army‘s Sue Meckfessel 6-4.
6-4. Number four for Albany was

 

F—GREAT DANE BASEBALL

On Saturday the Danes meet the Cortland Red
Dragons in a doubleheader on University Field beginn-
ing a! l p.m.

scttior Amy l’cinberg. wlro was
defeated by Army’s Melody Smith
6-]. 6-1. At the ntrrnber five spot
Albarty senior Sandra llorrclle lost
a tough three-setter to Army's Lisa
Layton 6-4. 6-6. 6-2. Artny‘ Diane
Lccse dcfctttcd Great Dane jtrttior
Diana Marshak 6-4. 3-6. 6-2 til the
trurnber six spot.

Tire dottblcs actiort was limited to
pro-sets due to darkness. Albany's
number one doubles of Borrelie-
chfe lost to the Army tcant 8-4. At
number two the Great Dane learn of
Tishler-Feinberg lost to Arnty 0-3.
At the ntrmbcr three spot the
Albany team of lsaacs-Rodgers
cartte back to defeat their army op-
poncnts 7-6 after trailing l-5. ll

 

 

 

 

 

Mark Levine
zlS.\'()(‘I/l IE SI‘IIRIS [ill/TU]?

After last Saturday's ganrc. when
her Albany state women's softball
team came from five runs down to
defeat LcMoyne in the second garrte
of a doubleltcader. head coaclt Lee
Rhenish said. "I think we‘re hettded
in the rigltt direction." After sweep-
ing both games of a doubleheader
at Orteortta on Tuesday afternoon.
Ritenislt's words would scent to be
quite accurate.

Combining strong pitching. timc-
ly ltittiug. and solid execution the
Danes won the operter. 3-1 and
breezed by the Red Dragons in the
nightcap. 6-]. Albany‘s record now
stands at 3-2. artd they stretched
their winning strcttk to three games.

The story of the first gatttc
centered arottttd pitcher Wendy
Willirtnts. The t’rcsltrrran ltrtrler had
a no-hitter going for five itrrtirrgs
before surrendering ll leadoff dott-
blc iii the sixtlt. She got herself into
a little.trouble late in the garrte btrt
she said fatigue was rtot a problem.

“That was a loss of concentra-
tion, rtot bcittg tired." Williams
said. “That (fatigue) has ttcvcr been
a problem."

Williams wottnd up pitcltittg all
scvctt innings. giving up ottc run on
only two hits. She also had fortr
strikeouts to go along with tltrcc
walks.

'l‘hc Danes got all the runs they
needed in the top of the first inning.
Lcadot'f hitter Nancy llallorart
started things off by drawing a
walk. and (‘hris (‘annata followed
with a single. Tracy Kirk tltcn singl-
cd to pttt Albany on the board. and
Carol Wallace tltctt delivered
another base hit to give the Danes a
2-0 lead.

Albany gave Williams some rrtore
backing by staking her to a 3-0 lead
it) the third. Kirk. who was two—for-
fottr with art RBI on the day. led off
with a single. Wallace reached first
on a ficldbr's choice. and Stasia
Beals singled. ptrtting rttrtrtcrs at
first at second. After another
l‘ielder's choice. Diane Fernandes
then reached safely on art error and
Wallace came home with Albany's
third rttn. The Dartes‘ bats were
quiet the rest of the gartre. bttt on
this day Williams did not need a
great deal of support.

in the secortd game Albarty gave
their other freshman pitcher, Art-
drca Piccone. plcrtty of help in a 6-1
rout. Piccone went five innings
before getting relief help from
Williams in the sixth. She gave up
only one rtrn on five ltits. but strug-
gled with her control a bit as

evidertced by her surrendering of six
walks. Many were early in the game
attd site settled down as the game
progressed. just as site did in her
dcbrrt performance last Saturday.

“Andrea settled down a lot after
the first irtnlng"Rhenish said. "The
defense helped her otrt of some
tough situations. if we cart get five
good irtrtlngs out of Andrea like
that lit ottr dortbleheaders. that
would be a big plus for its. It would
ntttke tltirrgs rtttrch easier on Wertdy.
and Artdrca would mean a whole lot
to this team."

Albany again got on the board
first. scoring twice in their half of
the third. Nancy Doyle reached
safely on an error. and Halloran
was hit by a pitch. After a sacrifice
by Cannatn moved the runners tip.
Kirk and Wallace followed with
RBI singles.

The Danes broke the gantc open
by scoring three rrtore runs lit the
top of the fifth. llalloran led off
with a walk attd proceeded to steal
second. After a popottt by Carmata.
Kirk drew a base on balls. ptttting

runners on first and second.
Wallace. who had an outstanding
second game by goitrg two for four
with tltrce rtrns batted in. drilled a
two-run triple. artd slte scored on a
fielder’s choice.

Albany added another rtttt in the
sixth on a single, a walk. an error.
and Kirk's RBI groundnut.

thcrtish was qtritc happy with her
team's impressive showing.

“1 was very pleased with the way
we played. Everybody scents to be
playing with ntuclt more con-
fidence, and l tltlnk we've got
everything tttrned around now. We
were able to execute a couple of hit-
attd-run plays very well. artd l‘nt
hoping to rtttt some more irt the next
couple of games," she commented.

Hitting. pitching. defertse. arid
execution. Combine thcsc ingre-
dients with a boost in confidence.
attd Albany‘s good fortttnes of late
may be only the beginning of what
could turn orrt to be another bartrtcr
scasott for the defending state
champions. l

 

 

 

Saturday.

 

school." Mrs. Van Tassel said.

Fan of the Week

The Great Dane Fans of the Week are Clare. Katrina and
Sandra Van Tassel end Missy Broomlleld. The mother, two
sisters and girlfriend of hurdler Bruce Van Tassel were on hand
to watch the Danes clobber Brockport In a dual meet last

The tour made the trip from Ancram. N.Y. which is situated
50 miles south of Albany. near Hudson. They travelled to
Albany's Indoor meets this winter to see Bruce compete.

“We are very proud of him and have followed him since high

ED MARUSSICH UPS

 

 

 

UNIVERSITY GIIIEI‘IAS

present

Friday & Saturday - April l5, I6

‘A MASTERPIEC

so exciting that it is irresis bl

wt tttnut\~tl \ m. \ an .r

 

LET

1:39 & IO:OO

LCIS

'I'ho deadline for submittin applications for
Manager/Projectionist positions is Saturday April Its
Applications are available from the Manager at
the movies this weekend.

 

SIJO w/ tax card
$1.00 VI/out

SA Funded

NL umpires
may strike

New York, N. Y.

(AP)National League trmpires
could stage a one-day walkottt next
week to press their union’s detnand
tltal Commissioner Bowie Kuhrt
suspend Yankees owner George
Steinbrenner. according to a
published report.

The action would take the form
of a visit by several umpires Kubn’s
New York office on a day when
they were scheduled to officiate at
ball gantes. the New York Times
reported in Friday's editions.

The source, described as being
familiar with discussions between
the Major League Umpires Associa—
tiort and the commissioner‘s office
said tltc boycott would take place
unless Kuhn acted by the weekend.

Chub Feency. National League
president. said Phillips had told him
that sotrtc umpires wanted to meet
with Kulm. but said lie was unaware
of arty strike threat.

“Tltey better not do that.”
Feeney said. til

  
 

 

 

 

 

  
 
   
   
   
  
   
   
    
    
 
  
   

    
    
    
   
   
   
   
   
  
   
    
   
 
 
  
  
  
   
   
  
    
  
    
  
   
     
  
     
  
  
  
         
      
    
     
     
  
   
 
  
    
  
   
  
 

    
  
  
   
   
    
 
   
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
  
    
   
 

 
  
  
 
  

  

   

APRIL [5, I983 U ALBANY STUDENT PRESS  

Women’s track team excels, men lose onr‘oad'

 

Women takethird L 3,

~ I V

 

lly Tracey Carmichael
s or rtmrut

Albarty State‘s worrten's track team took
third place ottt of i0 learns. scoring 51 points
at the Binghantton invitational Wednesday
afternoon.

First place went to ltltaca College with too
atrd host tcttrtt liinghatnton took second place
overall with 7t.

The 400-rncter relay team. consisting of
Apita Heath, Jen .lones. Tess ('ttlma and
Lyncllc Skcrritt. took first place with a vic-
toriotts time of 53.00

Skcrritt. running anchor leg in tire
4t)0-meter relay. proved to be a gt an asset for
the learn by trtkittg second place it) tltc
loo-meter dash arid ZOO-meter dash with
timcs of 13.0 arid 27.x. respectively. Skettitt
also picked up fourth place iii the lfthl—Iltclcl
relay.

(‘ottch Ron White said lltis was tltc tcant‘s
bcst showing of the season. The young
Icarn‘s dcpth “carrtc through. cmcriug all
track cvertts qrtitc well."

iii an outstanding performance. Kathy Mcr
('arlhy broke tltc school record irt tltc
5000-tnclcr rttrr with it tirue of 18:35.4. plac-
ing her sccortd itt tltc cvcnt otct‘all.

Sarah L'ttwlcy. taking fifth place itt tltc
iItXl-rnctcr rtttt with a time of 2:14.]. is as con.
sidcrcd one of two most improved runners by
Coach eritc. L‘ulrna was tltc otltcr harrict'
with a big itnprovcrtrcut irt tltc 40tl»rnctcr irr—
retrttcdiatc hurdles. -

Karen Kttrthy also Irad a personal best itr
the 3000-mctct' Itlli \\llll a time of ilzlitt.

in field evcttt. Mary Randlcs. a freshman.
took sixth place irr tltc shot ptrt with a
distance of 9.95 mctcrs.

Also iii a field rcvctrt. Andrea l)cl.ttttricr
took tirlrd in discus.

Coach White is irrtptcscd with the team‘s
progression at such an carly stage in tile
season.

Randles said “The wltolc tcartt did r'cal

 

 

 

-sz

 

.. I ,w‘
’9'." m
D

  

 

Men blown out

Tom Kaeandes
l-‘Illl URI/ll. ASSISTANT

 

 

Corrting off a strong win over Brockport
Saturday. the Albany State men‘s track and
field team lost to trust Cortland State by a
.core of 105-22 ‘ast Trresd'ty. The uninspired
toss was “the worst irt our history" according
to ltead coach Bob Munsey.

“No one expected tts to beat Cortland. but
we really had a terrible day." said captain
Nick Sullivan. "plus the fact that we were
missing about a third of the gttys because
they ltad tests and class."

The performance. however dismal. did
ht sotttc bright spots. in art intpressivc
display of consistency. freshman lirtrcc Van
Tassel walked away from the corttpetitiott
winning the llti-rnctcr high lttrrdlcs irt I5.7
seconds. trt his \\cttk cvcrtt. the 400-mctcr irr-
tcrtucdiatc hurdles. Van 'i'asscl took second
with a season-best time of 57.5 seconds.
Sophomore lim iirwin ran a \cry smart race
itt tltc titltt-tnctcr run. wltcrc his time of 2:005
took third place honors. in the 5.000 rtrctcr
llllt. frcslrrrrcrt (‘lttrck ltronncr arid lan
i'lt‘tttcttls took second and titird place rcspcc-
tiscly. lironncr's time of l5234 was fifteen
seconds fasth than his previous bcst. wltilc
('lcrttcnts lowered his best time by two
seconds.

The Danes ftttcd worse lit the field events.

where tltc team's representation was the
weakest. Missing the serticcs of weigltttttttrt
Marc Mctcurio and liill Nasott. the Danes
.lid not scorc ill tltrce -vcnts where they most
\robably would have won. In addition. cap-
ttin i’aul Marrcc. who normally dominates
ltc long arid triple jrtrtrps. skipped the rrtcct
in order to recover ltorrr a muscle strain itt his
Icft lcg.

l-‘arly in thctncct. rookie.lct't'.|ttcksonsu|1
lctcd a major ltartrstrirtg pttll title to the cx<
trcrucly cold conditions at the rrtcct. and
thereafter. members of the sprint squad wcrc
hesitant to rrrrr all our and risk injury in order
to bolsth tt losing effort. “i can't really

 

 

 

well. it really helps when we cltccr each other
on.“

Albtttty will host tltc Albany invitational
this Saturday. bcginnittg at Mk).

I ' ED MARUSSICH UPS
Albany 5 men 3 track team had a rough day against Cortland on Tuesday, losing
by a final score of 105-22.

blamc them." Munscy said. "Our season is
too short for someone to comeback from an
irrjtrry. there‘s no way." '

Danes remain winless following 8-5 loss to RP!

 

By Marc Schwarl
.SI‘UNIk l [NIH/f

Troy, N. Y.

The Albany State Great Dane baseball team remains
winless following yesterday afternoon‘s 8-5 defeat at the
hands of the R.P.i. Engineers at l7th St. Field in Troy.

The 0-3 Danes were leading 3-l entering the bottorrr o!"
the seventh inttirrg when the Engineers scored four runs on
only two base hits to take lltc lead they would not give up.

A key mental ntistakc arid the sudden irtability of Albatty
pitchers to get the ball over the plate allowed the 6-]
Engineers to score seven rtrtts in the seventh arid ciglrtlt inn-
ings witlt the aid of eight walks and two wild pitches.

The Danes did not ltelp their own cause offetrsivcly.
Albany stranded i3 runners on base iii the garlic. tltrcc
titnes leaving men on third. Tltc Ditties did not score in tire
seventh irtning after having rtrtmcrs on first and second
with no men otrt.

“Tire big thing is in the key situation we were not getting
the hits," Albany head coach Dave iiaigltt lamented after
the game. “i thought we were a better baseball team tltcrr
we showed."

in cold and windy weather. Albany started the game irt
g00d form. Looking for their first wirt of the season.
Albany scored a rtttt in the top of tire first. After left fielder
i-lugh Davis led off the game by striking out, R.l’.i. starter
Dan Stanek walked center fielder Greg Mtrlltall. Mulhall
advanced to second on a wild pitch and crossed over to
third when freshman shortstop Davc 'i‘helematr grounded
out. Mttlltall scored when Engineer third baseman Doug
i-iodgson tltrcw the ball away on a Jerry Rosen grounder.
Rosen advanced to second on tltc play. Rosen and liob
Conklin were left at first and sccond respectively when
Mike Vosburgh grounded ottt. first baseman to pitcher to
end the inning.

. Albany starter Mike Crartmttn ltcld tltc Engineers itt
clteck for the first six inning. Tltc rigltty stttck ortt lead-off
batter .lon Ruff and after giving up a lirtcd single to right.
got out of the inning by throwing a 4-6-3 double-play hall.
Gartman strttck out to of the four rtrca he faced irt the sc-
cond inning.

Albany had threatened irt their ltalf of the second bttt
came up empty when Davis and Mttlitall both flied out with

rtrrtttcts on first artd secottd and ortc tuan ottt. Designated
hittcr .ioc Aulogia singled to left to opcrt the inning and was
rrtovcd to second by a Rich Wander bttrtt. Tony ‘l‘ot‘r‘cs
bccontc the other Dane stranded that irtrtittg after he '
ed one of six free passes given up by Stanck. it] till. R.l’.l.
pitchers walked scvcrt Albany batters.

'l'hc Engineers tied the score at one in tire bottortt of thc
third. Stanck stroked a single to left on a 3-2 pitch. The
next batter. sccortd bascrrtttrt Mark liclcltct' was ltit by a
pitch moving Stitnck to second. (ittrtrnan retired the nc\t
two batters arid after getting altcati ol' the count on
iiodgsort. the R.I’.l. third bascrrtart laced a l-2 pitch to
right to score Stanck. (iarttnttn was able to prcvcttt frrrrhcr
damage by ittdttcing Don lir'icdbcrg to foul orrt to (‘onklin.

The Danes regained the lead irt their next tttrrr ttt bat.
Davis smashed a Stanck fastball ovcr' tltc head of Icft fielder
Dave DcAngclis for a two rtlll triple which made the
Albany lead 3-l. Torres and Wartdcr hotlt scored on the
two out hit.

Gartmart corttairrcd the Engineers over the nest thrcc illit-
ings, facittg the minimum of nittc batters. lit the sixth Itc sct
the side down itt order on three \tcakly hit groundballs to
sccortd baseman Torres.

"I thought my slider was working real well.“ (iartntart
said. “it was my first appearance since l~loritla."

In the top of the seventh. Albany threatened btrt did not
score. 'l‘hclcman was walked by rclicvcr lIrucc (irant to
opcrt the inning. Lirant rcplaccd Slant-k iii the sixth. and
retired the first two batters Itc faced.

Rosen sirtglcd to certtcr moving ’l‘Itclcmtrn to second.
Both runners advanced on a rticc sacrifice btrnt by ('onklin.
Mike Vosbtrrgh swung at (irattt‘s first dclivcry arid ground-
ed to short. Aulogitt tirade the third ottt of the irtrtirrg by |in~
ing ortt to center. The Danes came up ctrtpty and the
Engineers catnc to bat.

With Eric McMahon on first attd ortc tuatt ortl. lirttcc
Neisott singled off (iartman. McMahon was cttt trown try-
ing to advartcc to third and Nelson sttttck into second on tltc
throw. Gartntan fell behind to the next hitter. Stanck. 3-0.
Startek trad stayed lit the game after being taken off the
mound as a designated hitter. After holding back to make
the count i‘uil. Garttnart walked Sranek with a throw that
got by Rosen allowing Nelson to move to third.

It was at this poittt wlterc the play that tttrned the garrtc
around occtrred. With Gartman looking at Rosen for a

 

signal. Stanck brokc for second. (iartman turned attd ran
towards second \slttlc keeping an cyc on the rttntter at third.
(ittrtntan's latc throw to second cnablcd Stanek to slide irt
trtrdcr the tag of i'ottcs. Instead of bcirtg otrt of the inning.
(ittrttnatt walkcd tltc ncxt batter to load the bases.

“I didn't want the IllIIllL‘l on third to score. i was sup-
poscrl to gisc the ball up to 'i otty (Torres) quicker. i played
it safe bttt wrong." (iartman explained.

“Wc \lltttlltl Iravc bcctt out of the inning and they end up
scoring four runs because of a delayed steal." llaigltt said.

i itt.‘ littginecrs tied the garttc on a two rtttt single off the
bar of Ruff. With tltc score tied at tltree attd runners on
first arid third. (iartmatt threw tt wild pitch allowing tltc
rrrrrtrcr at third to score anti the runner on first to move all
tltc way to third. Ruff then scored on a sccortd wild pitch.
(‘rartrnan was taken ottt ol' the gatne with a 2-2 cottttt on
DcAngclis.

"i just lost my concentration. i think the cold got to
me." (iartman said.

"We wanted ltirtt to get thLotrgh the sevcrttlt inning. He
irad thrown a lot of pitches. bill it seemed as if lie was get-
tirtg stronger as the game wore on." pitching coaclt Kevin
Kar'wath said.

Tom McCarthy cartte on in relief and got of the inning
without arty tnore runs being scored.

R.i’.i. scored tltrce more times iii the ciglttlr by virtue of
a two rtrrt standup triple by Nelson which was blasted over
tltc head of Davis in deep left. McCarthy was taken otrt at
that poirtt and Glenn Bradburry brought in. He was ttnablc
to control the Engincc citltcr. lie walked two batters in
load the bases and tltctt walked llodgson to force irt tltc
linginect's' final rtrn. Albany pitchers walked eight battcrs
iii the final two innings.

Albany managed to score twice in the top of the ninth.

 

_ bttt it His ttot enough. Rosen led off with a double to corn-

plete a two for five day. Both lie and Vosburgh scored when
shortstop Ruff booted a thndcr grounder.

"We need more hitting at the right time. it's only the
third game we played. bttt this team is ltttrtgry for a
victory." Haigltt said.

Albany will look to win their first game for rookie head
coach Haight. tomorrow against Cortland on University
Field at 1:00. They play host to the Red Dragons for two
games and are looking to avenge last weekend's
doubleheader loss irt Cortland. D

 

  

 

