 

  

E D

 

edited and put together by human beings. The peo-
ple who put this paper together are not paid profes-
sionals -— they're college students.

Similar to other college groups. this organization has a
large turnover of personnel each year. Many of the faces on
our staff of over too persons are completely new, while
others are just beginning to show some wear and tear. Only
a handful of us can boast a couple of years of experience.
Our purpose here is to learn about the ﬁeld of Journalism
while serving the university community as its primary
source of information.

Couple this inexperience with long hours of production.
and it‘s inevitable that mistakes will sometimes get by. Such
was the case with the letter entitled “Support South
Africa" in our April 26 issue.

T his newspaper is not run by a machine. It is written,

We encourage a diversity of opinion in the letters we
print. The Albany Student Press is the only newspaper on
campus. and we have the largest circulation ofany publica-
tion on campus. Because of this we have an obligation to
represent as many diverse opinions as possible in our col-
umn and letters space. These writings do not necessarily
represent that of this newspaper. For instance. itt one edi-
tion we'll run a column written by a person supporting
Palestinian liberation; the next edition we'll run a column

ITORI

Diverse responsibility

written by a person advocating lsrael’s West Bank set-
tiements. This doesn't mean we're ambivalent on the topic
-— we simply feel we have an obligation to give access to a
wide varity of opinion.

The same rule applies to our letters space. We understand
the responsibility our virtual monopoly of the press on this
campus brings. and we try to run the widest range of opi-
nion we can. Sometimes we agree with these letters — many
times we disagree. The opinion of the writer is paramount.

Although we try to represent such diverse opinion. not all
letters we recieve in the mail are published. Every letter
must be signed. and must include a phone number to verify
that that person is real and. in fact. wrote the letter.
Sometimes. when it's warranted. we withhold the writer’s
name on request. Our policy is not to publish letters that
aren't signed and don't include a phone number.

Other letters can't be published for more subjective
reasons. Obviously. libelous letters aren't published. Other
letters that are unintelligibly written or contain racial,
ethnic or sexual epithets aren't published.

The “Support South Africa" letter last edition should
not have been published. Due to an editing error. the
authorship ol‘the letter was not verified. After publication.
we discovered the name signed to the letter was ﬁctitious.
The author didn't have the belief in his or her opinion to
sign their own real name.

A L

if our normal policy of veriﬁng the authorship or [cum
had been followed. the letter would not have been primcd
An error like this is serious and unfortunate, and we mm;

.-

The letter was in response to a column by professor
.laphet M. Zwana on apartheid. Over the past several years
we've run many columns by Zwana and others on apar:
theid. in the April 19 edition, Zwana writes. “Authorities
of the regime are empowered to detain/arresl/ban any W,
son or group that mught jeopardize the continuity or n.e
country's white supremacist apartheid slave rule." 2mm
is one of our most often published and popular columnists,

We hope this letter error don't confuse our stand on
apartheid and South Africa. Apartheid is a set of rules im-
posed by the small white pbpulation of South Africa on the
majority black. mixed-race and Asian population. The laws
are used to separate and oppress people of color are more
repressive than the Jim Crow laws in the US. that cum-d
until very recently.

However. many American multinational corporations
beneﬁt from South Africa's apartheid. The laws keep in.
vast majority of the county's population in a slate ofvirtttal
slavery. This provides corporations with cheap labor, and
many American corporations take advantage of this tip-
pression. The State University of New York holds a
substantial amount of stock in several of these corpora.
tions.

The letter shouldn't have been printed — it was and the
fact is that we pow can't change it now. What we can and
have changed is the veriﬁcation procedure we use to assure
the validity of the authors’ identity. We invite anyone still
dissatisﬁed to talk with us and share their concern. ii

 

C

 

O L U M

N

 

 

Socialism & the atomic

Man is a truly amazing creature. He ltas built such spec-
tacles as the Great Wall of China and the Pyramids,
discovered medicines. sent rockets into space. and created
such wonders as the home video game. football. and the
state university system. it seems that one of Man’s great.
innate characteristics is to be creative. Unfortunately, not
all of Man's creations are good, and he often unwittingly
manages to blunder with the use of his toys. Take,for ex-
ample. the atomic bomb and socialism. Both are products
of Man's ingenuity. and both. if put to use. would destroy
him. Now maybe it is not really accurate to lump the effects
of nuclear weaponry together with the effects of socialism:

[Craig Rucker

namely because there are recognizable differences. The ef-
fects of an atomic bomb would. in my opinion. be less
devastating than that of a true socialist state; for while the
bomb would at least offer death (which is by no means a
preferred option). the latter offers life without liberty.
Since there are still many who uphold freedom even at the
potential cost of life. i do not feel this analogy to be par-
ticularly inappropriate . . . nor in any way misleading.

 

 

it has always fascinated me why our state universities are
infested with this radical and unpopular organization called
the Socialist Party. Their appeal has never reached the
general populace or working class people ~ the ones they
claim to represent — but rather the university professors
and students . . . not to mention other “intelligent” people
as well. A SOCialist would argue that it is these "educated"
people that must ﬁrst perpetrate the ideas before they can
be spread as gospel to the rest of the nation. in this respect.
their methods are not unlike a cancer. which also starts in
one area before spreading throughout the organism. But
just as cancer inevitably kills the patient. so too does
socialism destroy individual freedom. if it were not for the
fact that this diSease appears to be growing (not among the
populace but the students). we could easily dismiss these
radicals as mindless lunatics — a notion l certainly do not
overrule. But since they do obviously have a foundation
here in our schools. an understanding of their background
and cause Seems in order.

Many historians dub the ﬁrst modern state to institute a
socialist platform as being the German Empire under Otto
von Bismarck. it should strike one as rather appalling that
the ﬁrst socialist policies were developed under a right-
wlnged dictatorship. even though this is really not so

socialism is all about.

As stated previously, the new class is largely comprised of
students and university professors. but also has in its ranks
those individuals whose interests are closest to an expan-
ding government. Government is thc coercive instrument
with which they need to wield their power to restructure
society in a fashion that suits their interests. Most hard-line
socialists look with passion to countries like cx-Maoist
China or Castro's Cuba and contend that there eniles a
“free society." if government were in their hands we could
expect a state where one's individuality is sacriﬁced in the
name of "social progress." for anyone familiar with a true
socialist government realizes that the community's rights
are superior to those of the individual's. While this migitt
initially sound good. one must remember it is not the or-
dinary citizen who will deﬁne these rights, but an
"educated" elite who will deﬁne them for him. Freedom,
to a socialist. does not belong at the individual level. but at
the state level. There is no "person," per se, but a govern-
ment to which that person must serve unconditionally. lf

bomb

this sounds horrifying, well. that is because it i\! The Nari
Party was in itself a socialist coalition that happened to be
dominated by bad leaders, and one cannot also deny that
the USSR is a form of advanced socialsim. indeed. both
regimes have even made the claim they are socialist, and I
do not doubt this is true.

Now there is no reason to believe the average socialist is
not sincere... sincerely wrong that is. They itlL' Monti
because this country will not welcome them. illlti they are
wrong because their system does not work (just view for
yourself the unidirectional traffic out of socialist
countriesl). Not every socialist is willing to concede this,
however, and for good reason; they still have hope in our
universities. As long as we give them a pulpit to preach on
they will continue to exist. no matter how little support the)’
derive elsewhere. There is nothing wrong with this, its our
society does afford them the "right" to espouse their views.
But i ask you — with a note of cynicism — would a sncttlltst
government give its citizens the same privilcdge'.’ i text illlil'
ease.

LOOK ON The BRiGHT siDe. DioXiN KiLLeD

aNY BacTeRia iN Tue WaTeR, Toxic
FUMes §OLVeD OUR TeRMiTe PROBLeM,
aND THaNKS To RaDON Gas, NoTttt'Ne
eveR SPoiL'é iN Tue ReFRieeRaToR.

 

 

.- ta.

April 29. 1983

In. 3..
.55»

 

 

 

paradoxical once one understands socialism. As Milton

Friedman intuitively commented: “Believers in aristocracy

and socialism share a faith in centralized rule. in rule by

command rather than voluntary cooperation. They really

only differ in who should rule; whether an elite determined

' by birth or experts supposedly chosen on merit." Both

' iv systems believe they know what is best for the public in-
terest. and know how to do so more than the ordinary per-
son. interestingly. when they do attain power they wind up
promoting the interests of their own class in the name of
"general welfare." Just what is their class though? This is a
question which must be answered to understand what 

.223“      
‘ K A .0 §.>‘ ~ .
” r" at. " "if  So:

it

a  ‘LJ‘A-i; a;

r
.. 5.
‘ :k‘

‘ vmt

 

”.
u
ll.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

