 

 

   
 
 
 
    

  

     
      
   

 

 

 

w”...
.9431,-

 

 

 

By Marc Schwarz
SPORTS EDImR

 

There is a saying that good things come to
those who wait. The Albany State Great
Datie baseball'team certainly will attest to
that fact.

Tire Danes finally played their first games
at home this season yesterday afternoon and

.rvori the nightcap of a twinbill with Binghtun-

ton. after losing ti heartbreaking 5-4 decision
in the opener.

Albany finished a strenuous three day
stretch with a 2-3 record. moving their overall
season mark to 4-8. The Danes won a rain
sliortcrtetl contest with Capital District rivttl
Union. 3-l. in illcecker Stadium Tuesday
tiiglit. Wednesday. tlte team traveled in
Oncorita for a doubleheader with their
SUNYAC rivals. The Danes dropped liotlt.
in what Albany head coach Dave llrtight
ternted tlteir worst showing of the year.

Albany sent l2 men to tire plate irt tlte first
inning of the second game against ilingham-
tori yesterday. arid rocked two Coltiirial pit-
clters l'or eight runs to jump to a lead they
would not give tip eti route to their Ill-3 vic-
tory. Freshman pitcher Chris Flclchcr hurled
a complete game arid set down 12 Colonials
oti strikeouts. Five of his I2 third strikes were
called while ilinghamion batters had tlieit
bats oti their shoulders. The flamethrower
limited the Colonials to four hits over the
seven innings. all singles.

Designated hitter Mike Murphy led the
Danes at the plate by goitig two for three.
with three RBls. Overall he knocked iii l'orir
runs on the day. including one with a litre
drive shot over the left freld fence in the first
game. "I'm timing the ball a lot better now,”
he said. "The liomerun was ofl' a high
fastball."

Pitchers Pete Groves and Dave Acapuro
combined to walk five batters and give up
fotir hits to Albany in the first inning. (‘rroves
threw 36 pitches. 24 of tlierri being balls. lie
walked the first four batters and the only otrt
he was able to get occured when Murphy was

Softball tea

By Mark Levine
assoc/tit st'ottts I trttotr

Three more \v . That's what it boils
down to for the Albany State women‘s soft-
ball team to repeat as state clrarripioris. After
finishing a mostly tip. sometimes down
season with a l2-3 record the Danes begin
defense of their crown next Friday at 92.10
am. as they will be the host school for the
eight team l98] NYSAlAW State Playoffs.
to be held here at University Field May [3
and i4.

This was supposed to be somewhat of a
rebuilding year for Albany and head coach

  
 

   

 

0'.

 

- ' Eb MARUBBICN ups
"t'ho women's softball team ended their
year at 12-3. " ' ‘ '

  

thrown out trying to steal second after a two-
run single. Andy Persemplre came in the se-
cotrd inning arid held the Danes to l'our rtrns
the rest of the way.

Fletcher's only problems came in the
fourth when he walked three men and gave
up two hits. allowing the Colonials to score
all their rtrns. Otherwise the righty had the
Binglramton batters coming tip enrpty. The
hardest throWer on the Albany staff was just
blowing the ball by the hitters. striking out
seven of the first nine men he faced. '

"His fastball was moving real well." cat-
cher .let'ry Roseri strid."| was just trying to
blow the ball past the hitters. i would get in
trouble when i wasn't concentrating." Fict-
clier added.

Mike Voslitrtglt added twti hits for the
Danes as cigiit different players scored at
least one run. Left fielder l- ugh Davis erosss
ctl the plate three tunes and also had that
many stolen bases.

The first game was a different story as the
Colonials jtttriped ottt to a qitick 2-0 lead iii
the first tttid increased it to 5-() by the crtd of
live. before Albany rallied back to score foitr
runs iii the lttst two innings, Their corrrebtick
fell short tltotigli. tttid llrtrcc C/achor picked
up the win with relief help from (irovcs.
Mike (iartman. starting his second game in
two drtys for the Danes. was charged with the
ltiss.

(‘olonial Neil licrg led off the garlic by
smacking the first pitch for a dotrblc to left
ccrrterl'icld. lie advanced to third on the next
pitclt when l’ersctnpire liticd a single ovcr se-
cond base. iioth runners came home when it
hard ltit ball went tiff first baseman Jack
'i‘icrriey's glove.

While (‘rachor threw one-hit ball over the
first five innings. iiingliatnton added to their
lead by scoring once iii the fourth oti a
liorricrtrn by Dan Trttikeri and twice in the
fifth when llarry Caruso ritrttrttged a two-run
single off reliever Steve Doleti. Tattketi was
on base all fottr times iii the garric with two
hits and two bases on balls.

After second baseman Tony Torres led off

WILL YURMAN UPS

Freshman Chris Fletcher tanned 12 in going the distance In the Danes‘ second
game victory over Blnghamton yesterday afternoon.

the bottorti of the sixth with a walk. Davis
sruacked a H pitch over the left field wall to
move Albany within striking distance. Mur-
phy led off the Albany half of the seventh
with his second liomeruti of the season.
Tierney walked on the first four pitchers
thrown by t'elicvcr (iroves. ilc advaticed to
third on art attempted piekoff play. Groves
threw the ball over the first baseman's head
ttrid when the first baseman tried to gun
pitrcli rtrtitier Fletcher down at second the
ball sttiled ititn left field and Fletcher wound
tip on third. lie sco'cd oti the next pitch. a

btill that went pttst the catcher and to the
screen. pulling Albany to within one.
(iroves threw four straight balls to pinch
hitter Rob Scliultis. but Sclitrltis was strttndcd
at first to end the garrre as Albany was unable
to rettcli the lefty for any more hits. Davis
came the closest when he just got under ti
pitch and killed it to the right fielder for the
secottd otit.
llaiglit felt that the first game loss to
iiirrghttmton cotild be connected to the
doubleheader loss the day before to Oneonta.
21>

m looking to defend championship

icc Rlictrish. After finishing Iii-3 last year
arid capturing the state title. several key
seniors were lost to gradrttttioti. lltrt the
Danes were obviously not discouraged. lit—
clttdcd iii the l2 victories this year were a
nine-game winning streak and tr first place
finish in the Albany lrivitatiorial.

After dtoppittg their first two games of the
year the Danes wort iti dttrrtiatic fashion in
the second garrtc of a dotiblclteatlcr against
l.eMoync. Down 6-4 heading itrto their last
zit—bat. Albany scored three rtins to win 7-6.
This win was obviously a big boost to the
teartt. as it would be over three weeks before
the Danes would lose another garrrc.

liccartsc of inclement weather. the tcarrt
was forced indoors dttritig practice titric iii
the middle of April. But iti the Albany invita-
tiortal on April 2]. the Danes pltrycd like a
lion just set free front its cage, After not play-
itrg iti a gtttttc for eight days, the Danes won
all three games of tire day. trtkirtg first plrtcc
aritl avenging last season's disappointing
finish as tttnncrups.

The team then rolled tip two rtrote witts

April lii. irppitig their season's record at that
point to 9-2. The sltcttk littally catnc to art
end this past Tuesday. as the Danes dropped
an | l»‘) decision on the road to Sierra.

it was art uphill battle all tlte way. with
Sierra scoring eight rtttts iti the bottom of the
first inning off of“ freshman pitcher Wendy
Williams. Albany got back ittto the gatnc irt
their half of the third. scoring five times.
i'irsl basctriati Chris (.‘anriata cleared the
bases with a bases-loaded hit. and leftficitlcr
Tracy Kirk ttntl cetttcrficlder Carol Wallace
foilowctl with run-scoring hits. lint tltc Danes
would get no cltrscr than the final margin. as
a sloppily played ganie trtrtictl itito Albany‘s
final loss of the regular season.

The next day Albany returned ltotite to
face the Dutchmen of Union College. a learn
that the Dnrres htrd crisin disposed of earlier
in the year by a 9‘1 margin.lt looked to be
rntrch.tlie some early on. as the Danes jturiped
otrt tott 6-0 lead behind Willianis’ strong pit-
Citing'itnd Kirk's heroics at the plate. llrit as it
ttrrtied otrt. this was to be anything bttt an

L'il‘)’ gtttttc.

The Danes scored one full in their first trip
to the plate. Catcher Nancy llalloratr led off
with a walk arttl stole second base. Second
baseman Caryl Meyer then struck out. btrt
tcttcitcd first safely on a dropped third strike.
Kirk tlicn reached safely oti a fielder's choice.
loading the bases with nobody ottt. Wallace
their lofted a fly ball to left fora sacrifice fly
and an Rili. ’ st baseman Krttlry Motrin.
subbing for the injured Carrrtata. thcn ripped
a base hit to center. bttt Meyer was thrown
otrt at the plate. Albany wound tip scoring
only once. but came back iti the next inning
to score fotrr titties.

 

Shortstop Diane l-cttrandes started things
off by grounding a single to left. Third
baseman Nancy Doyle then drew a walk. rttitl
llallorati tltcrr lined otrt to short. Meyer beat
ottt a btirit. sending Kirk to the plate with the
bases l'ttll of Danes. Kirk. one of the t 'ant's
rrtnst solid players all year long. smashed rt
shot down the left field litre that went past the
lcl'tficlder. arid she circled the bases with a
grand slatii ltoriic rttti atttl fottr RBIs. Albany
was flying itiglt with rt 5-() lead.

As Williatns tnowed tltrottgh the Union
lineup by allowing just one hit through the
first six innings. Albany scored once more iti

20>

 

with a doubleheader sweep of Russell Sagc‘

sertior editor:

(lone.
Allntn y Sltttc co/ntntmitv.

 

> Football couch Robert I‘ill‘ll.‘ "The Athletic
Depart/nun! tvott/tl like to take llll.\' opportunity to
thank More llrtt'pel for his outstanding professional
coverage of our Albany A tlrletic progrnttts'. More lllM‘
been very enjoyable to work with um] (I contributor
to lllt’ v/nrrti programs llt’rl‘ ul :ll/ntny. His coverage
of our contests has been sincere tllltl pro/bizt'lonnlh'
He is both it err-(lit to the ASP and lo Illl’

Haspel earns high marks

For l'our years. the ASP has been a part of Marc
llaspel. ltut he has been more tlittri jtist someone who
reports on rt basketball or football game. His writing
has taken oti the rtddcd dimension of a petsoti who
cares about the teattis and people he writes about. lie
is a true fan ol' the Albany State (ireat Danes.

lint to the paper ltc has bcert more than just so-
meone who clittrrrs ortt long stories. When the long
production nights drag oti. Marc is the one who
kecps things lively with his sense of humor. He has
lrectt a constant tilt a paper that has undergone
change. lie has liccti tr friend. Here is what two
Albany coaches had to say about our departing

 

‘ . [lurker/mil cmu'lt Dick .S’rttters."'ltlurc Haspel has more IlItIIt kept llpJ/lt' tradition of
jinejournalism of recent ASP sportswritertr who have covered basketball in recent vents.
Ilir loyalty and entltrtsini'tn towrrrrt flit/"llt‘lltll‘tllll were sincerely appreciated. 

th: hope to llluililuili‘llic tradition tlttttryou ltave helped to keep-in the sp'orls depart-
rrien. .. , . _  .  

 rr

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

If

By Marc Haspel

 

/_

After four years of writing sports stories
for this newspaper. i neVer thought that i
would have Such difficulty composing a
wholly self-serving lead like this one. [can't
describe all that l’ve experienced through
watching Great Dane sports in just a few
lines of copy. l was never a jotrrnalisrn
hack; only an avid fan who loved what he
covered and enjoyed writing about it. And
now it's time for one last look.

Albany State has produced sortie of the
ﬁnest teams in its history over the last fotir
years. Consider Dick Saticrs' excellent
basketball teams. Bob Ford's successful
football teams. Lee Rheiiisli’s champion-
ship softball team, Amy Kidder's growing
soccer team and certainly Joe DeMeo‘s All-
America laden wrestling team. i suppose
the best way to relive some of my most
memorable moments is to start at the begin

ning.

it‘s the fall ol' l979. freshman year. it
takes one football game to spark art interest
in Albany Sports i would never lose.

llob Ford's 5-0 Great Danes played tlte
,Norwich Cadets. The Cadets were (r-l. Arr
NCAA Division lll playoff spot was ttt
stake.

iiefore a packed liieaclicr section at
University Field. Terry Walsh. tlrc i)ttlics'
explosive quarterback. bolts itito the end
lone frotn two yards otrt with under two
tttirtttles remaining to give the Dattcs a fruit-
tic lii-ZS victory.

Ranked seventh itr tltc nation. the i):tlit's
play their tillter arch ti..tls. litc Ithaca
llortibcrs. the following weekend. llrt-
Danes still feel tlte pain of the Norwich
rttcctittg as they limp to lthtrca and lose
vah. It crushes the Danes“ orrccstrong
hopes for post-season play.

the opening of tire basketball system. Head
coach Dick Sattet's ltad his sqtrati right on
schedule.

The 1979-80 Danes were led by guards
Winston Royal. Rob Clunc and center
Kelvin Jones. The Danes rolled to the
NCAA East Regional finals with t 21-5
record. only to be turned away by tltc
Potsdam Bears iii the title game.

I remember dtrrirrg the regular season
when the Danes beat SUNYAC rival l’latt-
sbrrrgli in University Gyrrr. it was Dick
Sattcrs' 400th win. The crowd honored tltc
coach's accomplishment by remaining
several rtiimrtes after the final bullet to give
him a rousing ovation. The coach motioned
ioiiils family to join him as the rest ol' tts
jomed irt applause. it was really something.

Sophomore year. i was invited to join the
sports staff as an associate editor.

immediately. i received better
assignments. l covered the varsity soccct'
tertrrt. At 7-3-l. iicad coach Ilill
Seliiefl'clin's tearri sectticd destined for an
NCAA playoff spot. iiut. the sticch tcatit
full one goal shy to 4-7 Rl’l kissing post-
scasoti competition good—bye.

The football teatti dropped to a 575
record that fall. and by late November. l
was rcrtlly itching for basketball season. All
along dttritig the previous season. talk
cetttcrcd around a 6'5" center who had just
transferred from Colgate. .loltti Dicckcltttrttt
was about to embarl: oIi Iris Albany cancer.
J‘oniing .lD were veterans Cluttc. l’ctc
; htanish. Ray Cesare atiti .loe .lednrrk.

Al 3-0 the Danes hosted the l’otsdartr
licars. What transpired inside tltc irtnr-
' Packed confines ol' University Liyrn will
never be forgotten. it may well lttrvc been
the most incredible sporting e 'tit l lttlw
ever witnessed. Two undefeated rivals going
liead-to-head.
. Fans came out in droves to watch the bat-
tle. The intensity reached its height when a

 

 

 SClti'l'le ensued between l’otsdam‘s Wayne

’ the gym

Rhodes and Albany's St'ittisli. liveryonc irt
chanted "Potsdam Sucks.
Potsdam Sucks" ttrrd i can still see

 

, WCDB’S Bruce Slicinhatis rcttiovirig Iris

lcadset microphone to try to pick tip the

' TOWd‘s distinct message over the air.

During One stretch iii the game. the llcars

issed 14 straight free throws. Rhodes went

‘ 0 the charity line with zero tirric showing

-' the clock in regulation. ttnd the score

iCd- His foul shot which could have ended

he same sat on the base of the rim for
While and fell to the floor harrnlessiy.

it would take three overtirnes to deter-
riirne the victor. Potsdam prevailed. 71-70.

The memorable basketball campaign
continued The Danes finally beat ()nconta
tn Oneonta. a feat which they had not ac-
complished in their previotts l0 tries.

Tltc drama of art overtitnc win against
Cortland secttred Albany's first ever 20-wiit
regular season. Now it was ol'f to
Potsdarn's Maxcy l-iall l'or the SUNYAC
playoffs.

’articiptttittg iii the weekend tournament
were the Utiiversity ol' iiufi‘alo. iittfl‘alo
‘State. and of cottrsc Potsdam arid
.Albany. Predicting a winner was jrtst im-
possible.

I remember listening to the broadcast of
the opening round over WCDIl. My room-
mate atid i decided to drink sltots of beer
every titric the Danes scored tr poitit. For-

,tunttlcly. Sauers employed the patient of—

MA Y 6, 1983 D ALBANY STUDENT PRESS  

the otrtright SUNYAC champion. Un-
forgettable.

The next week. it was back to Potsdam
l'or the NCAAs. l witnessed the most in-
credible two-day tourtiarnent i would see
during my fottr years.

Albany fottght for its life in its first round
game against St. Lawrence. The Potsdam
fans would have loved to have seen the
Danes lose. As i sat in tire lifth row with the
other associate sports editor. Larry Kalin. i

felt that they might get what they wanted.

Yet. using sortie brilliant strategy. Sorters
ittsertctl little guard llilly Everett who came
up with a critical steal. Then with two
seconds left Dicckelrnan hit a long jtrrriper
_to ptrt Albany ahead 45-44. Kahn and l
leaped nttt of the stands and rtin around like
crazy rneri.

After tltc win was in the books. i was
standing at center court still clapping my

As I watched Southern Connecticut
return a kickoff for a touchdown after
Albany had just taken the lead, all I
could mumble was “Oh my God, oh my

it God. ”

   

 

'l'ltc cltisc of the football season marks r -

It

——l~w—'~"~.~——mmr

 

Gllphtt mt to. no

 

 

 

 

 

l'cnsc. l'lte Dart-:s c\cctrtcd tltcir i'rllllL' |iit|li
against Ull. witrttitrg ill-3‘). | neier knew
how sick i could get on only ‘lti shots ol
brew.

We botlt rccotctcti itt tirtie for the ttc\t
night‘s battle with l'otsdrrm. the items had
already bcctt selected to host the Fast
Regional. so only the SUNYAC crown was
left to be decided.

Once again. the game went into ovcr'tirtic.
The score wits 59—5tl in favor of Potsdam
when (intro stepped to the fotrl litre with
fotir seconds to go.

The sophomore had walked to the charity
litre tirintttcs before trrid tossed art airliall.
Over the radio. 1 could hear that the crowd

'noisc was deafening. As if he were charmed

by sonre kind deity. he sank botlt his

chances. silencing the raging partisans and

igniting the celebration. Albany State was

lrrrnt's watching Dicckelrnan being itttct-
\icwcd on the radio. lire scattered Albany

the court he passed by and gave me n high
lite. I still cherish the trrotrrettt.

lire nest night. the Danes laced
l’otsdattr. It would be the fourth meeting ol
the season between the two reruns. i
remember lrnw tightly knit the cotitingcncy
frnrri Albrttiy had become over the
weekend.

We huddled together itt ottr corner of the
bleachers. The Daties jttrtiped ottl to an I 1-2
lcrtd as the crowd was once again dumb-
founded. Tire licars trailed for most of the
game. btit with four seconds left they pull a
little magic as freshman Leroy Witherspoon
rhits ti short jumper to send the game into
overtime. The Bears took control with a bit
of help from the zebras and win the game
68-63. Potsdam goes on to win the national

'trrrs octc whooping it up. As .il) ioggcd off

no last look at four Albany Great Dane years

title.

l was so sad after the loss. it should have
been Albany. it should have been Albany.
At 23-5. it was the Danes' greatest season
ever.

Junior year. My interest in Great Dane
sports is still strong. i took the soccer
assignment for the second year in a row.
but now [hit more closely involved with the
football tctrni.

With a new quarterback capable of zipp-
ing the ball. the Danes are ready to spice tip
their conservative wishbone offense. A win
over Ithaca already has some observers
talking playoffs. Two more wins and the
Danes have themselves a fortth place rank-
ing in the national polls. They travel to
Uriiort College. A pushover. But the Danes
gel ptisltcd over and out of the playoff pic-
tttre by lositig 10-7.

lluffalo is next with a high-powered of-
fense tutti the Danes shut them ntrt 32-0.
The playoff whispers are back; sttddctily
one loss doesn't scent so bad. lltrt the Danes
lose their starting quarterback. Toni Pratt.
for the nest several games.

I finally get an opportunity to cover a
football game. i he site is Cortlartd's Carl
“(hugger " Datis Memorial ficltl. As tltc
bands played the national anthem. I felt
that i had lnially made it.

\\‘itltont tltc scrtices of l‘trttt. Albany
falls to the Red Dragons. 204-1. lt knocks
.-\lbrttt\ orrt oi tltc playoff pitttttc lot good,
“but .r depressing any for me to start.

.\s basketball season rolls around. it is
apparent that things are going to be tiilr
Iercrtt. No more sciiittts. no more loads or
cspctrcrtcc. ptst II). a lcu other \cts and a
slew ot lrcslttttcrr. ,

,v\||tmr_\ r'ocs ii to open the year. (her
the ‘.\Itili'i break. the Dartcs catch lite. Surl-
.lctrly. '\liillti_\ is contending tor the con-
lctcttcc titlc. ()tte win o\cr ( trrtlrrnd is all
that is needed to send tltc defending
Sl'NYAL champs back to the turn rrtrmettt.
i get to co\ct the gatnc.

'l'lrc fitral score tells it all. Albany 101.
('orrlatid trl. it‘s the first tirtic iti years that
Albany has scored oier ltll) poittts iii a
game. lhc Danes are ready for the
SllNi «\Cs. or so we thought.

Disaster. We rush to lluffalo as Kahri
hammers the accelerator. A fire hour trip is
long enough without hating to return with
two losses, No NCAAs this year. Well. i
guess i time one more ' in to go anyway.

Senior year. Now l'rn one of two Sports
litlitors. The football team is mine to cover.

The team is 3-0. As soon playoff witids
begin to swirl a 25 second period ol' time
ttrrns a season of dreams into dust. l've
ncict bccn st) happy and so sad witltiti the
span of so few moments. As i watched
Sorrtlrcrrr ('ornicctictrt rcttrrri a kickoff for a
touchdown rtltcr Albany li.tt| irrst taken the
hard. all I could tnrrrttltlt- was "Oh my (iod.
olt Ili\ God."

it‘s ltrri con-ring tltc rttarot tcrtrits because
now I'm llrl\L'iilly around the state and iill\-
lag the paper pay for my cspenst-s. I‘rn .rlso
making appearances on the radio regularly
as it Italftintc guest: l trcict risk for any \\.n-

r:

 

L'ltcs.

lilltltit'\ ltttrl tlrc D.ttrcs ttgdlii and my
sights are set on itrtslsclitttli. lltc lllL'\‘
petrctrcc of last year has become the c\-
pctrcttvc or this year. ii \ltows: .\ii\.tl|_\
charges to an Svl llltllis tr» open the season
irtcltding it great roatl trrrrtrt.rmcttt win orcr
ltltrtcrt. l'ttt really starting to gct cscitctl.

lltti ill) c\citcrnrrrt is premature. lltc
i).tttc's. tit-spite tltc .tbttlotrs play of senior
Dicckelrnan. faltctttl iii the second half ol
the season. They \.otrld unit an .Stitt the
rest ol the year finishing with a 17-” record.

iltc Danes would make another ap-
pear attcc irr tht Si 'NYAL‘ playoffs splitting
the two games, llreti the season would end
abruptly itt tltc it'ACs the next weekend
against Rochester. it was not iltl‘o l envi-
sioned my final game.

After four i'ttll years of covering spr-t'lit‘tg

events for the A9P. l've lcartred to ap-
preciate what a Di on ill sports program
cart offer. l‘ve enjoyed being a Great Dane
fair. Wltilc l otice thought I'd never return
after my time was irp here. i tiow know that
I‘ll be back.
More Haspel is the Senior Editor of the
Albany Student Press. He has “Mn 0
member of the sports slut] for the pa. four
years.

    

 

 

 

