 

  

.~,4>‘"1""'-AJ(’\" {/ ' r 1‘ t 
6 ALBANYST'UDENTPRESS E OCTOBER 21:19.83

 

Outlet description
%

Each student manager runs a profit center
substantially as an independent businessman
The manager 15 resprrriSible for an "outlet" area
which 15 an excluswe territory that has sufficient
population and income to support .i‘ (It'll - 1) ill '1'
man-hours of production Training :ncn ill)\/1dll.'> a
600 page comprehensrve manual and a minimum
of 50 hours of ClaSstl'itil‘l‘l training desgned to hi-
ing the manual to life Hiring of managers as done

in November to allow sufficrent time tV-i three
weekends oi trarnuig utthrlut intuit-rang out:
school

 

An equal opportuniii, employer

,_ asuxsmrﬁaedriqyr
outstanding wiutmn oi Pnlu'a
libw clothing tor mt" duwmw

s: A.

'~5‘\> ""—"_¥_"_‘~“-—T \
i -, A

 

   

()ptn.|0‘m —qpm.wm -ur
sun izsmn—ipm

rm tuuomn pm." at sour... 54 (mm

 

 

The manager's responsibilities

Recruiting Presentations at SUNYA:
Tuesday, Oct. 25th at 11:00 and 2:30 in CC358.

Interviews will be scheduled at the presentations.

“College Pro" is a registered trademark of College l‘sr- P51413015 Lla-

 The AFRICAN Qua”
gbouﬂque

 

-MHA WMClip & Save—w. . 
10% OFF EVERY TIME

: r' The African Queen

unit this Cl‘urun k \iudcnt id

216 larl SI. 11 State 416-7952

Summer 1984 Management Positions
are Available with College Pro T” Pain tors

Potential earnings $4,000 - 7,000

College Pro Painters is an affiliation of student house painting control-ton
started in 1971, The company is positioned to provide an inexpensive. high
quality alternative to existing painting contractors. while offering opportunities
for students who want to run their own businesses. College Pro has grown and
prospered and in the last 12 years has become the largest residential pitlllliliq
compnay in North America In 1984. College Pro will employ approximately
200 student managers who in turn will employ over 3,000 student painters

 

College Pro support services

Outlets open up immediately foll' tong final er
ants and painters must he hired. K’slllitxllt‘s done.
leb: landed MK: supplier amounts opened All
these tasks are accomplished with the gtiidaiii'e
and help of the Company's regional office l’ain-
ting experience is not newsstin lief-ruse trainers
Work With managers and their painters to tear it
them the necessary skills Tllttlllglltiul the strin-
met the manager is responsible for titlinlllltlllg
and Cliltltiilllltg iob quality estimating and selling
ii iii gutting :ohs product-Ll. aiitl keeping tit l lll.tlL’
and up to date business records

lli addition to cxtenstvu training and
(l‘iShlilllCL’, College Pro l)r()\'|(lUs tlw it i .r i
support scrwces for L'rtClt outlet inairm' w
iirarketing program guaranter to ,oi
iriiiuiiiuin of 40 inqurries for L’s‘lllit-ili’s in kiwi. ~ i
manager started. National ri(('ltlilll (lIN 'llllil
Lh'tlll accessibility with major paint iiianuim l‘.:w
(:oinputl'itzeil payroll system. Full tar. li.:i
\H 1‘, $2 million in liability insurance anti Una.“ 1.
i'itltpilltsrlllult coverage. A 2-year gtiaiarrt» «‘
em h paint ioli. 24 hour ansueiing survit w ‘
and assistanu' with gowriiinunl regulation.

 

  

 

 

Positions available in the Capital District Long Island.
Westchcstcr, Rock/and. and Putnam Counties. and upstate l lla'S
Other areas available-please enquire at Placement CL’ilfl‘r

Applications and information available

 

 

at the Career Planning Center, ULB 6.91

 

THIS WEEKEND...

AT Tile

 

BiibRaciliff M DanM‘Cirlhil

‘ rile 565T m ACOUSTIC MUSIC"

 

«itTHURSDAY OCT. ZO“~ 8PM - lZAM

 

at 102 Delancy Hall;

 

l ‘ “Wu ,. )«Ilnivr «- . , H ~-
Wwwmu u . “My”,

l" FIVE QUAD

Volunteer Ambulance Corp.

OPEN HOUSE

Saturday October 22

Colonial Quad
from 12:00 - 5:00 pm

Come see what we’re all about.
£— 8A rummn

3 *FRIDAY OCTZl‘l' 9PM- lAM

rt Uks
WdluttcCtiy’m
~itavutiiii THIRTY YEARS or TUNE 6-41
it SAT. OCT. 22*d QPM- 1AM
8M3ﬂt8mz>£t
lNCLUD€

FRIED CLAMRULLVLETTUCEaTAKTAlZ SAUCE k. 1.20
SHRIMPROLL #1. IO

 

 

 

Enlurrallu Auxtlturu Strum: bpuruurth

- «mum [A

 

 

 

 

 

By Tim Shell

STATE PRESS SEIi VICE

———‘——*

No tuition or dorm rent increases
will be sought by the State Universi-
ty for the 1984-85 school year,
although the largest increase of
state aid in history will be rc-
quested.

At the some time. Division of
Budget Director Michncl Finncrty
has urged the university to examine
all its services in an effort to “max-
lmize the fees and charges."

SUNY’s Board of Trustees met
Sept. 28 to review the proposed
1984185 budget submitted by Vice
Chancellor for Finances Harry K.
Spindlcr. and although the budget
will contain the largest SUNY has
ever asked for, Chmicullor Clifton
Wharton stressed that “this budch
contains no tuition or dorm rent in-
crease, at all."

Spindlcr said that the budget,
containing a request for $149.4
riiilliori more than the university

ocuouootuoo

CALL:

 

mt*iﬁii’tﬁﬁ*ittttiﬁﬁitﬂttiﬁfﬁﬂtt

ll LION GREEN LTD-

  

5:

Q“““‘¥4‘¥‘5$I§‘5‘5#5I§“‘§‘§¥§§“‘J"45!

Stuyvesant Plaza

“5

 

received this year. "is characterized 0f the 1,671 total positions. 310nm
as very large.” Negotiated salary in- faculty, 710 educational support
crcnscs comprised $73.9 million of staff and 661 positions at the
the $1.357 billion budget. university's hospital centers. Nearly
Wharton said the proposal “is in- 4,000 positions have been cut in the
dccd a reﬂection of the minimal last eight years.
needs of the campuses," and the The university, if the trustccs ap-
fact that the individual campus rc- prove the budget proposal at their
qucsts totalled $25 million men; October meeting, will also budget

“...this budget contains no tuition
or dorm rent increases at al . ”
—C/ifron Wharton

 

rummwummmmmum.nmmwu’uau’vmuanmwuawv

SPEND WINTER BREAK I.
IN  .

Ub...‘.I‘OJ‘O.lO‘QU¥IJOQUOU-Vi

Four hﬂUDEBPﬂhE.

cocoon;

JAN 4-14. 1984
$279 per person

FORT LA UDERDALE BEA CH
HOTEL

Barbara Hurwitz

436-9226 / 457-8087

; SPONSORED BY THE CLASS
OF 85

’u’vmm.’vmwumm-’ummmmw.mw«’uami <

 

Grand Opening Celebration!
with champagne punch

Saturday, Oct. 22

 

Versatile sweatwear and bodywear‘ that
can do anything, go anyplace and be
highly fashionable at the ’same time!!

0 featuring Capezio O

tiﬂﬁiﬁiﬂiﬂtﬂttftﬁiﬁwi'Wiitttt'

than the university's proposal, for 1,535 more students than this
"Ircflcctcd a recognition by the cum- year (192,590), in order to generate
puscs to redress the erosion that had more revenue. Board Chairman
taken place previously.” Donald Blilnkcn said, “Access rc-
l’rirt of that recognition is seen in . mains a top, or the top priority."
thc recommendation to rcstorc 319 Budget Director Finncrty,
positions slated for elimination by however, iit u lctlcr to Wharton,
March, and ill] additional rccom-- stated that only negotiated pay rate
nicndution for 1,352 new positions. increases in DOB inﬂationary in-

OCTOBER 2!, 1983 D ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 7

Tuition and rent increases ruled out by Wharton

crease guidelines could be covered
by the state. “1 strongly urge you to
examine all services provided by
your agency in an effort to
minimize the fees and charges
which may be appropriately in-
stituted or raised." he wrote.

It was on this topic that SASU
President and Trustee dclcgalc Jim
Tierney spoke strongly dtiring the
meeting.

“l'vc heard from the legislature
to the governor to SUNY Central
that this year may very, well be the
year of the fcc," Ticrncy said. “We
must remember that the fees are
non-Tupnidablc,” he said uddrcss-
ing the fact that the state's Tuition
Assistance Program covers tuition
only.

"As a board, we must move
toward a policy of culling tuition
tuition," he said. He cited a utility
charge to campus faculty student
associations, relayed to students, tis
a "lithe," which averages out to
$23 per stiidcnts' cost of un educa-

tion; it’s a smoke screen." -

Tierney said that certain costs are
involved in the provisions of scr-
viccs to students that “we previous-

'ly considered educationally

necessary costs,” and that calling
them fccs instead will "create a
mess for students in the future."
He also cited a “California
system." where thcre is no tuition.
"but a fee for everything." totall-
ing about four to five hundred
dollars a semester. "We may he go-
ing to n California fccs system." he
said, “We just didn't see it."
Trustee Judith Moycrs qucstlon-
cd whether lumping the costs of cer-
tain speciﬁc ‘ needs into tuition
would be fair to all students. Whar-
ton cullcd the problem one of deter-
mining to what extent a majority of
students might subsidize 11 minority,
which he said might happen by mis-
iiig speciﬁc costs through general
chnrgcs, ti “difficult issue which the
university wrestles with cvcry
year." :

 

   
 
   

n

 

 

Q ..~

it
n
n
n
it
‘1
iv
to
no
it
n
rm
to
1.

458-7404

It.‘J‘t‘Jl‘J§lOJJ“#J¥¥J“I8J“

The Black Sheep of Canadian Liquors.
Discodcr Yukon Jack. Proud and '

potent at 100 proof. Yet so smooth. "

so ﬂavorful. it tempts oven thciiiosl

civilized. SlraightJnixed (irontlic rocks.

Yukon Jack truly stands apart.

 ‘1 Always SmoothAlways Potcnu

I  Proof..

Yukon Jack Liquaui imported and nomad by lvlnuhlmn, inc .Hnillord. Conn Solo Agunls U S A ‘01907 Dona. Mon

 

It’s calling you’.’

 

Robert Sen/Ice
The Call of the WIld.‘

 

 

