 

 

 

 

B “Marc Barman
AS OCIATE SPORTS EDITOR

 

The Albany State Football team should
win an award at the end of the season for the
“NCAA's Most Deceptive Record." Coach
Bob Ford should win an award also for keep-
ing his sanity through it all.

Division lll's best 2-7 team suffered
another tough-luck loss this past Saturday,
15-13. against the now 7-2 Buffalo University
Bttlls. in a game marred by freezing rain and
lousy weather conditions at wet Rotary Field
in Buffalo.

Minus quarterback Mike Milano. who
pulled a muscle in his call arid was replaced
by sub quarterback Rich Jones. the Danes
staged a late second half rally only to conic
up short once again, which has been the story
of their season.

Bulls All-American quarterback Marty
liarett. although finishing with statistics cort-
sidcr'ed outstanding for tttost quarterbacks,
didn‘t play tip to ltis nationwide press
publicity. especially iii the second half. He
finished completing 24 of 1‘) passes -» to til
them ill the first liaif — for 203 yards. His
two touchdown passes combined with a .lose
laritbiet l7lyard ﬁeld goal ssas all Buffalo
needed. btrt they still ltad to sltt'\i\'t: a major
settle irttposed by the Danes in tire fitial
minutes.

"it was the kind of ctidirig that makes‘ you
grow old quick." said Bulls coach Bill Dati-
do. "i have a lot of respect for Albany for
ttot quittittg. They‘re no 2-7 team. that's for
sure."

What occured at the close of the game was
Coach Dattdo. conﬁdent that the game was
in the bag. put in his second unit including
the substitution of Barett for second string
quarterback Ken Hyer with two minutes to
play in the game and the Bulls up 15-6.

On Hyer's second play from scrimmage.
his handoff was fumbled by reserve running
back Fred Mueller and senior Dane quarter-
back Bobby Jojo recovered at the Albany 47.

From there it was the Jones to Pete
McGrath show. First Jones, who completed
l2 of 22 in less than two and a half quarters
of action, found McGrath deep for 33 yards.
One play later the duo connected again as

Jones hit McGrath cutting across the middle
of the end zone with t:t9 to play. Following
Dave Lincoln's extra point the Danes were
within a ﬁeld goal, l5-l3.‘

it was all up to Lincoln's onside kick that
would determine Albany's fate. in a surprise
move to try to catch the Bulls’ return team
off guard, the Danes broke out of the huddle
and Lincoln squibbed the ball immediately,
without letting the Albany special team line
up in standard position.

The unexpected move seemed to surprise‘
the Bulls as the Danes sprinted downfield l0
yards to apparently recover the ball in a mad
scramble. However. the referees said the
Danes had initially touched the ball before it
traveled the required it) yards. ruling the ball
dead at the point where it was touched and
giving the Bulls possession and the ballgnrne.

The referrccs' decision prompted an
uproar front the Dattes' sidelines and even
rttild-ttiannercd Ford wcrit ottto the ﬁeld to
disetiss the ruling.

The Danes contended that the ball first
touched a Buffalo player arid that 'as the
consensus ill both teaiits‘ lockcrrootrts after-
wards.

“l was right there and the ball took a bad
hop and hit a Bull player in the knee." said
wide receiver Bob litien. who was inserted on
tltc special team coverage on the play.

Senior linebacker l’ddie liastman agreed.
"i thought it was a had call too," said the
defensive co-ctrptaitt. who led the team on the
day with 15 tackles while his interception set
up a Dane touchdown. "But it's not an easy
call to make for the referees when you've got
it guys in the middle of the ﬁeld going for
the ball and you have to rule who touched it
ﬁrst." ‘

Coach Ford. who seldom comes out in
print knocking a referee's call even thought
the refs made a mistake. I‘l felt Buffalo
touched the ball ﬁrst and so do our players.
but what are we going to do? We can't drive
back to Buffalo and replay the game.“

A few players in the Buffalo lockerroom
admitted it was a lousy call. “it was a
legitimate Albany recovery." said defensive
back Andy Hurley.

Though the ending was very dramatic. the
rest of the contest was humdrum as both

  

 

   
  

N0 VEMBER 9.1983

  

 

 

 

so Manus'srcn UPS

Dane receiver Pete McGrath scores the Danes' llnal touchdown with under two
minutes lelt In the game. Albany was beaten 15-13 by Bultalo.

teams seemed hampered by the undesirable
weather conditions.

in the ﬁrst half. Barett was able to throw
short passes over the middle at will. dissec-
ting the Danes' zone defense. while the Danes
were unable to muster any sort of pass rush.

“As the old cliche goes, I'll take what they
give me." said Barett. "They gave me the
short pass and i took it."

Barett's prime targets were running back
Joe Ncubert. who caught ﬁve passes in the

17>

Albany spikers take Purple and Gold Classic

Patty Munhall servos tor the women's volleyball team In

the‘ Purple and Gold Classic.

 

 

By Tom Kacandes
SPORTS EDITOR

telligent spiking helped the Danes into the finals.
Facing Siena in the ﬁnals did not bring out the best in the
clearly superior Dane ballclub. The ﬁrst game started out

 

l5-7, 15-4

ED MARUSNOM UPS

The Albany State women’s volleyball team easily won the
Purple and Gold Classic tournament they hosted this past
Saturday in University Gym. The Danes came out on top of
their pool defeating Siena l5-7. tS-l. and Russel Sage 15-0.
tS-O. and then went on to dominate play during their 15-2.
tS-3 wins over the University of Vermont in the semiﬁnals.
Albany faced Siena again in the ﬁnals, which they won

The Danes’ biggest problem iii the tourney was the con-
sistetit lack of quality opponents for them to test their skills
against. Albany began the pool play against Sierra and
allowed the lndians seven points iii the ﬁrst game. Said one
spectator of the Albany squad. “They start otit slowly and
build, build, build." A warmed-up Datte team showed
their strength In the second game as they held Sierra to a
single poirtt and went on to sltutout a helpless Russell Sage
squad itt two straight games.

The Danes" kept that intensity going iii the semifinal
routtd of play wltere they took two games front the Univer-
sity of Vermont l5-2 and l5—3. Albany‘s play iii botlt games
was marked by the smooth consistency that comes from
good teamwork. good individual decisions, and sheer
talent. The Danes were able to capitalize on Vermont's
mistakes while committing few errors of their own thereby
keeping the pressure on their opponents.

All the Dane spikers played well and worked well
together point after point creating the illusion of effortless
domination in the semis. Senior Liz Roscntel put down a
number of masterful spikes and displayed a mature sense of
the game in all its details. Sophomore Rhonda Rodgers also
played particularly well. Her strong. graceful serve and in-

very slow for Albany as the team played somewhat incorr—
sistently allowing the game to go back and forth through
the ﬁrst eight points. Play seemed to center on the same
players instead of involving all of the team’s excellent
players. Rodgers had a little trouble with netting and iii
general. the team took a little while to get back to form

Towards the end of the ﬁrst game. things came together
for Albatiy. Senior Rebecca Muggs made a couple of nice
plays arid the tcattt was tttueli tighter in terms of short set-
spike combinations and defensive ttet play. The game wirrv
tier was art unstoppable spike by frcslitttart l’atty Murrhall
who had litirig back for iriost of the contest which the
Danes took. l5—7.

'l'liat play seemed to get Munltall going iii the second
game where she played good. aggressive ball arid laid spiltes
dowti allover Sicna‘s side of the court including a fabulous
left-hattder toward game's end. Once again warttied tip and
ready to play. Albany looked mtrclr better in the second
game both defensively arid offensively. Sierra subbed cott-
stantiy throughout botti games. btrt could do notltirig about
the big Dane attack and after a tiirte. Albany turned a
foregone conclusion irtto reality, winning the second garric
ot‘the finals 15-4.

SIDE OUTS: Albany htur drawn the 2nd seed of the 16
teams that qualiﬁed for the State Championships probably
because of their incredible 36-3 record. . .pool competi-
tlon will be Broekport. Plattsburgh. and Hunter College all
of whom have fallen to the Danes before. . Junior College
was needed ﬁrst on the strength of their record and their
having beaten Albany in the early season. [-1

  
    
   

  

 

VOLUME LXX

“waives-Vere" -: "tthyy'v-fg".

 

ALBA Y
STUDENT

PRESS

 

Tuesday

November 15, 1983

 

NUMBER 4]

 

 

 

 

AMV COHEN UPS

Mangjyre, tormerly Stoker Carmichael

I’r’rl/I/r' .\'/l()ltl(l he proud of Africa our] in t'milrili

mid/Lt to HEREBY“

By Suzanne Murphy

in a speech last Wednesday night
before a crowd of about 100 people.
'(wattc Titre. formerly Stokely (‘ar-
nicltacl. a national representative
of the All-African l‘copic's Revolu-
tiorttrry l’arty (A-Al’Rl’). stressed
unification as always adraitcing llte
struggle to liberate the African peo-
ple.

’l‘urc ctrtphnsi/cd that. "if we
want to make a proper cotitribittiott
to oitr people's liberation struggle.
we must face this contribution by
properly arialy/ing the evolution of
the struggle, seeing what phase we
are rind how we can properly make
it contribution. ()ur cotttribtttiori at
this time must be tirade towards the
organization of the masses of our
people. ()ttr people riittst be
organized. "

During the speeclt. sponsored by
the Albany State University liltick
Alliance (ASUItA). arid SUNYA's
chapter of the National Association
for the Atlvattcerticttt of (.‘olorctl
l’cople (NAACP). ’l‘ure spoke of
ttniting and liberating Africa titider
scientific socialism.

lit the I960's, Titre was an in-
fluential organizer itt both the civil
rights arid “Black Power"
movements. lie was also one of the
“Freedom Riders."

'l‘ure tltert becarrtc a member of
the People's Revolutionary
Republic of Guinea. West Africa.
He returned to Africa to live. study
and work ttrtder the guidance of the
African leaders there. Presently.
Titre rctnains a citi/eri-tnilitatit of
Guinea.

'l‘urc began his speech by saying
that lie trad come to try to get peo-
ple organized arrtl join the
A-AARI’. He stressed his wish to
inspire Africati»Arncrtcans to raise

 

 

  

the level of their consciousness
through orgatti/ation.

’t'tirc criticized capitalism. saying
tltat. "Those of us who truly
understand human nature; that is to
say those of its who are not confus-
ed by capitalism. this barbaric.
stupid system; understand that
human nature is such that everyjn-
rlividnril has an instinctive love of
justice; understands that all people
wish to be free."

He continued by saying that
capitalism “twists and deforms
history." For this reason. he said.
many AI‘r'ican-Atticrictirts are ig-
ttorttttt ol their true history. "Our
people are politically ignorant.“
said fine. "When yott have a
headache. you trike tiietlicinc.
When you are ignorant. you get
knowledge. political education."

'l'ttrc then stressed the importance
of the masses. “l listory is not made
by one great man or wortian, btit by
the trtasscs." He added this has prrv
vcn that people are frcctl through
the struggle of the masses.

Titre tiscd Dr. Martirt Luther
King Jr. as an example. saying.
“I’m Martin Luther King Jr. iri llir-
trtitigham. Ala. irt i060 by hittiscll’.
fighting segregation. they'd beat
him down. (icl 10,000 people
behind him with the satne beliefs
arid the situation changes radically.
What changed the situation was not
Martin I rttlrer King. btrt the 10,000
people."

He coriiparcd the African strug-
gle with the conflict itt Northern
ltelartd. saying that iii both L. s.
the people were fighting against the
itiipct ialisni of another cotirttry. He
stressed that, “The African masses
are going to be free irt all the strug-
gles that they're facing; they are go—
ing to. iii fact. destroy world irri-
pcrialisrn headed by the US 'im-

 

Ture calls for unification of the African people

perialisrn.” He added that riot only
are Africans going to unite their
continent. btit that Africans are go-
ing to organize it under an
:cottotnic system of scientific
.ocialism.

‘l'ure went oti trt poirtt oirt. "Tht
most furtdarttctital \veakrtcss' we
have as a people is that w ' are total-
ly disorgani/ed." ‘l'his disorganiza-
non. he said. is preventing the
African people from reaching their
goal: "the unification of Afri 'a."

"Africa is the richest continent
on the face ot the earth. Africans.
where eict we titul tltcttt. on the
continent or till the continent. arc
tltc poorest people on tltc face of
the earth. This conflict cart otin be
resolved through revolution." ’l‘itte
said.

l‘ute defended the African
culture. saying, "Arty African irt
America. or any iii the world. who
is ashamed of Africa. who tells yoit
they are ttot Afticiitt. who says they
ltave no relation to Africa. is totally
ignorant about anything about
Africa." lie stressed that people.
whether African or not. should be
proud of Attica and its contribu-
tions to civili/atiou. 'l'ure said that
blacks should lrnvc more love for
Africa than littropeati immigrant
dcsccndcnts iii America ltave for
their countries.

(‘itittg religion as a major criti-
tribtitioti from Africa. Titre ex-
plttitted that .ltulaistit. Christianity
attd lslatitic religions criri all be trac-
ed back to Africa. lie attacked
Zionism. saying. ".ludaisnt began
irt Africa. iii l‘gypt; Zionism began
iti Switzerland. Atty African or .lcw
who understands tltc history of
Judaism should be against
Zionism."

He added that. "it is an illegal.
17>

U.S. interventionist policy is protested at rally

 

lly Jane Anderson
Ill/IttRIJI sis-mm

Rallicrs from across lltc country. including
five SUNYA students. gathered irt
Washington l).('. Saturday to protest Uttited
States policy in Central America arid the
('aribbcatt.

“'I'he tttaiii aittt of this march was to call
tltc attention of the American people to the
unjust iltlt'l'\L'lllit)ll of tire US. iii ('cntral
America and tit'critida." according to Ricar‘»
do l.opc/. ti ttictultcr of the University's ('cri-
tral Artiet icaii Solidarity Alliance who helped
coordinate Albany representation at tlic tn|«
ly. H'l‘lic people and groups involved wanted
to show the government that we are CttllL'L't'ltv
and that we know what is really happen-

 

 

“The focus (of tire match) was on the half-
trtiths arid blatant lies on which the Reagan
administration is basing their justification of
the (LS, intervention irt (‘ctitr'ai Atticrica."
said l.ope/. ” llicy are using sttcli niclhotls

. because they couldn't get away with their
' policy if they told the truth to the American

people." ltc added.
Julia Stcitibcr'g. n SUNYA student and a
member of the Central American Soldarity
" ' who also attended the rally. said the
 centered on the situation in

=12
C:
:2
.‘Cr-

r:

‘ Nicaragua, (.ircriada. (‘nba trtttl lil Salvador.

Support for the anti-nuclear movement
was also apparent. she stild.

The march began early Saturday. with the
participants gathering at three separate

 meeting places iti Washington DC. chosen

for their symbolic significance Steinberg said.

Some trtct at the Department of Health and
littrttan Services building. because of "the
cutbacks iti social services to further dcfettsc
spending," according to Steinbcrg. Those
who met at the building housing the int-
migration and Naturali/atiort Service did so
irt protest of tltc treatment of Salvadorian
refugees who are iii this country illegally. she
continued.

‘we have to do smitethittg,‘ and to see that
they are not aloticH iti their protests arotrrid
the country.

Presidential hopeful Jesse Jackson spoke
before the asseriililed tiiai'chcrs. according to
lopctt. l'le outlined his plans for a “Rainbow
Coalition." a part of his presidential carti-
paigri. “it's a plati to organi/e a (political)
party next y an to say good-bye to Reagan
forever and ever." said l.opc/.

   

 

“The people and groups involved
wanted to Show the government that

we are concerned. ’

1

—— Ricardo L ope:

 

The State l)t.‘|)tlt‘ltttt.‘ttl was chosen as tltc
third meeting place to syntboli/c “the aggres-
sion of tl.S. Foreign Policy." said Steirtbcrg.

'l‘lrosc gathercd at the State Depar'ttttent
listctied to several speaker's. l'olksirtger Holly
Near arid L‘hil-an group Rail. said lopez.
Participants tltctt contracted a tttock
graveyard of cardboard totiibstones listing
the names of people killed itt [El Salvador. hc_
added.

"There was a lot of excitement.“ observed
Stelnbcrg. "People were there to protest."
Site recalled that sentiments at the rally were
"very rtnti~Retrgan. People were there to say

lope! .saitt .lticksoii .stt'cssctl that "all the
riiiriot’itics must make an effort to vote." iti
order to pttt a l)ctttoct'nt iii the office of
president itt I‘lttrt. He observed that
Jackson's speech was “short and cit-
thusiastic."

the rally was orgarii/cd by tltc November
|2 (‘orilitiorna group t‘ortricd specifically for
that purpose. and was sponsored by a variety
of organi/atiotts including hutttati rights
groups. feminist alliances. minority groups.
prtvsolidatity and religious groups, accor-
ding to Lopez. The sponsors of the rally were
"a brotrd spectrum of American people wtio

tr'c iniolvcd in human rights activities." he
:xplaincd.

()t' *‘ ashingtoii l).(‘. l’olice figures
tlrice attendance for the rally at 20.000. The
\Jovember l2 ('otilitiori claims 50.000 par»

icipnnts attended. tiotcd [.0pL‘l. Steiribcrg
:stitrtatcd the attendance at 40.000.

Ninety-seven Albany rcsidetits took part iti
’hc demonstration. including it) students
from Retissclacr Polytechnic institute. three
front t‘ollcge of Saint Rose arid the students
front SUNYA. said Lopez. He mentioned
that the orgatti/ers of the trip "were surpris-
.'d that Rl’l surpassed SUNYA as a pro-
r. sivc University." bccause of Rl’l's larger
r'cpr'csetrtatioti at the trillv.

The Central Atiicricun Solidarity Alliance
or'garii/cd a caiirprrigu to draw as many peo»
plc as possible front the Albany area. said
l,ope/. About ISO people made contributions
to help firrid the trip. iii addition to the funds
provided by those who attended the tttlly. lie
tiotcd.

'l‘lic l’iictto Rican independence Solidarity
Alliance lieid a teach-in on campus last week
to encourage students from SUNYA to
become involved. said l’cpe Rossi. a member
of l’RlSA.

Steitiberg said that “the crowd was fairly
young. There were lots of college
represented. and lots of students took part.'i
Slte titcrttioricd that there were tttatty trade
tiniotts represented also.

Lopez. described the participants as “cold
and hungry. bitt happy" during the tttarch.
“They were a magnificent buttcli ot‘peopte,"
lte said. i |

 

 

 

 

 

 

