 
  

 

  

 

EDITORIAL

women who walk throughout the rtniversity grounds

starrtly aware of tire problem of women's safety.

 

rottte to a safer carnptts conrtmrnity. Tire President's Task
Force on Women's Safety has produced concrete precari-
tiotrary nteasurcs since its iriceptiott ill l‘)78. lttrprovcd
liglrtittg on the uptown atrd dowtrtowrr campuses, rrlottg
with the lilue l ight iinretgcncy Phone system (direct litres
to tire University Police) have been tlte group's major critt-
tribtttions.

The campus escort setsiee. a facility which has come
under rnrrch legitmarc attack in the past for its poor selec-
tion process. is presently undergoing a reconstruction pro-
cess. last night a group of four met irr art attctrtpt to

 

ignoring the issue is rro lotiger an option. Various
posilise steps have hectt ittade and others are bcitrg taken en

rial harassment on this campus. Clearly, there is a
need for Women‘s Safety Awareness Days. Out
cotrrntuniry must rcali/e the great danger winch exists for all

T ltcre have been rapes and a number of cases of sex-

i)uring tlte past three days art effort has beett tirade to
edtreate and sensiti/e this coiurmrnity ttbout the concern ol
violence against w omen. Women's Safety Awareness |)ays
have provided rt forum for individuals to gather atrd ex-
change ideas and strategies. The progrtrrti's triessage is clear
and bears repeating again and again: everyone rrntst he con-

A continuing awareness for all ,

develop entirely new guidelines which will ittclttde rigorotis
screening anti escort teams consisting of one male and orte
female. i’resenliy. university police are filling irt tor the stri-
dertt staffed escort service and cart he reached tll 457-76l6.

Regardless of the nrrrrrerous availabilities on campus,
some women still take it for granted that they're sale to
walk around campus alone at night. it eertrrirrly cannot be
denied that sorrre women feel totally protected within the
towering transparent walls ofAlbany State. This is a poten-
tially dangerous Ittisconceplion.

For all to heeorire aware rtiid educated on women's safety
is sttrcly air irrrportartt first step. it is also essential that
wotnett walk with friends or call the escort service when go-
ittg bottle at rtight. There is no reason to walk alone. The
possibility of rape and scxrrttl harassment on this campus is
are lily. acknowledging arid tnakirrg everyone aware ol tins
fact cannot be said enough times. Although women taking
these precautionary actiorts would be responding iii a reac-
tionary manner. it is the only avenue ttow available.

 

in the long rtrri it is of course the men who rrtrtst become
aware atrd educated. ()trr patriarcltal society has chosen to
support and protect the rapist. Meir as a group have
adopted the concept that woirrcn are objects to be

 

manipulated. Men. who are the offenders
aritl break their participation in violence
and their support of the irtstitrrtion of tape

, must confront
against women

The media is also guilty of perpetuating "the Rape
Culture." Often the myth displayed on tile relerisinn screen
is of the young beautiful wotnan wanting the man 1.,
possess her. Rape is not committed ottl) hv sears”.
frustrated maniacs in dark tliieys. I\\'t|l|(llllirllltt‘i.
boyfriends. or bos es have been guilty oi this act ill
violence in the borne and in the dorm room. (lost- tortiru
quarters of rapists are farnlliar with their \iL'iilll.

There are other more hidden et‘t‘eets “iticlt occur at...”
the women of otir community. who are aware ol iilt'lt ha
of safety. begin to withdraw front soeteri. lciiiate ..i.
tendencc of night classes declines, women itsiurv the tits...“
at night heeottie fewer iti number. and the ttlt|\t'ls|l\ ilt‘gttl.
to be deprived of the participation of “trim-ii m pm...“
More importantly. the women are depirii-il ut i|\|ll_c at.
free unrestrained lifestyle that every iiratt has ttIlIlt' tor.

 

 

wet.

I Women's Safety Awareness Days iI:I\L‘ ittrtttt'ill llh‘ pct.
of violence against wotncn ittto the iilllt‘iil'ill \lrlriuni1 u‘
seminars cottre to a conclusiott this afternoon. the tririwi».
ty corttrtitittity rtttist not cottclude its dcrlir upon to iilcrrrn.

trrrrt awareness of the state of women's satr-rr

 

 

 

COLUMN

A historical reminder

At the end of this week. it will be precisely one trioritlr
since Korcriri Airliner Flight 007 was shot down over the
Sakhalin islands. Since then. a lot has been said about tltc
tragedy. The broad spectrttrii of political opinions that exist
iti our diverse community is apparent to anyone who leads
a ready car. People around me have reacted in veins of syru-
patlty. anger and hatred. l have seen tirostly anger. arid i
have heard mostly hatred.

i Robert Litt

Murder is such a wasteful tragedy that only otitrage
scents appropriate. but after outrage has been expressed
and debates ltave been carried to their end. one should take
a moment our to try and stop seeing the picture frorii
within the frame and evaluate what the Korean Airliner
tragedy stands for and ltow it effects our personal lives. l
urge the readers of this column to examine their emotions
and evaluate the shooting in the light of the nuclear
stalemate and cold war between the United States and
Russia. There are great political forces at work in the world
that threaten the way we live our lives daily.

The situation between the United States and Russia is not
historically unique. The people tlrat have given rise to the
nations of l-Inrope and America itself. have always
threatened themselves with foreign policies of domination
since the existence of the nation as a sovereign entity itself.
Let us examine the broad ltistoricai context. to see how tru-
ly dire ortr situation at hand is.

The l6th century in [Europe was a time in which small
areas tirtdcr feudal jurisdiction gave rise to sovereign tra-
tions. As soon as this carrte to be. and all tltroughottt the
next two centuries. the nations of Europe started wars to
decide who would have control over tltc ports. sea trafﬁc
and triarkct places of various countries oti the continent.
The [9th century was a time in which the nations of Europe
sought to dominate the African continent. tltcyFar East and
Asia, as sources of raw materials arid pl s to sell their
goods. in the process. nations claslted. tensions tttottttted
arid World War One broke out on the continent of Europe.
lEuropc, iii the post world war one era. cotrld not shake off
its long history of uationalistically hungry governments.
After the monarchies had been overthrown. the new
-ovcrnmcnts in power still sought to dominate others. This
ended in a war that would decide who would title the limo-
pearl continent. namely World War Two. Western society
has a history of hostile tertsioti and wars that have been the
result of rulers who opettiy sought to dominate. The United
\‘tatcs has equally involved itself in this history. evcti
though it is removed ftoirt the center of action.

ltt each one of these instances l have outlined, the
motivation for doiitination lrris been chiclly economic. and
the rising technology of the world has tirade ettcli conﬂict
tlcadlier. lit the lbth eerittrry. ttations sotrgltt to dottiinatc
the small amount of trade that existed. ltt tlre l‘)th ccttttiry.
nations sought to dominate the world market. lit the World
War Two era. rratiotrs sought to dominate their neighbors
to serve their own industrial machines.

Russia is a nation that htts formed a totalitrrrluti govern-
ment and a harsh economic system as a result of the wars

 

experienced. World War Two took an especially large toll.
leaving millions of people dead and almost the entire Rus-
siati industrial machine destroyed. They now seek global
conquest to insure their dominance rind safety. They do not
hide this fact. it is written into their constitution. For the
Russians security can only be total. there is no mutual
security. '

The United States is a nation that has inherited polie
of economic domination and imperialism from its
fore-bearers. We have always sought to increase otrr sphere
of power. ever since the founding of our nation. We have
fotiglrt wars over questions of economic dominance. Our
revolutionary war and our civil war are incltrded. in the
face of what has gone on iti the world. we have sought to iti-
sure that foreign nations maintain their trade with us.
thereby maintaining otir economic strength. in recent
times, we have sought to ensure that foreign nations remain
capitalist and not comtnunist. Considering our past history
and our present intentions. we too seek global domination.
We want to keep the world a capitalist world and make
ourselves safe and strong. except we don‘t have global
dotriination written irtto our constitution. we only have tltc
words “promote the general welfare"; our welfare.

The threat of war between the U.S. and the USSR has
very deep historical roots. The Korean Airliner Tragedy is

 

but a product of the very serious conditions that welru
with. The stalemate between the US and the tJH'SR ishurt
new etirve in a large trend. The stalemate herweeri tlicl‘i
and the USSR is what caused Russia to lash out \itliL‘llii)|r'.
a paranoid fashion and kill innocent civilians.

Is our outrage at Russia then unjustified? No, utiittlcr.
murder. btit l urge people to be more aware of whirl calls
such tragedies. To ignore the significance of what the Ru
sians did is carelessness, yet to blindly irate without flu”
tioning what imminent doom irritred is producing. ti
foolishness.

So what is to be done? The U.N. can produce rerylilllt
“Tl-‘Clivc Punishment. The rest of the world has titrleiulu-
tion to offer witlrottt enhancing the US-USSR ciriillict. llrr‘
US itsclt can take little action without moving ilscils‘ithtl
to war. The world. then can only express its disgust an
act of inhumanity arid be more aware ol the lit‘zltii.‘
stalemate at hand. ‘

Let the Korean Airliner tragedy stand as a strulrol lot out
precarious world situtation. it is sad that 26‘) people liirrlte
be murdered to make us aware. but let its llliiI/t‘ rheutiirrri‘r'
we feel in a constructive manner. Lei the "under either
People remind us always of the danger that faces in tlatll;
Let us not forget tltc shooting of the Korean Airlincjct.

 

 

-W

  

  

 

 

. Witt?”
W (I); .. ut'h‘

 

‘3: M NW. .7

A

v touch. usuﬂirahmmwa . ,.. ."

s.
4

 

..

 

 

