a..-”-

- 'Cvu.‘ —» u-‘,'~.

we“

    

J rm. _.

55's

 

 

i
.
r

 

,4. ‘_ , :,A..,...-_....-.

   

 

 

 

After 28 years

A’snmove “to Heritage Park

By MARC BERMAN

Sports Writer

Now, the players are scattered in such remote
places like Columbia, South Carolina and Wichita,
Kansas, but from the months of April through
September, this group of success-starved ballplayers
perform their trade in the city of Albany.

These group of ballplayers are better known as the
Albany‘Colonie A’s, a double A minor league farrr
team of the Oakland A’s, who represent only the se-
cond professional baseball franchise ever to play in
the Albany area.

The last professional baseball team was the Albany
Senators, who moved out in 1955. Titus, for 20 years,
the sport-crazed Albany fans Were forced to gc
without a professional baseball team until last year,
when a young Glens Falls businessman, Ben Bernard,
purchased the then-named West Haven A’s and
brought them to Capitaland. Bernard made two
assurances: A new ballpark would be built for them
and an increase in attendance would be apparent.

So far, the 29-year-old Bernard, who was one year
old when the Senators moved out of Albany, has
made good on both vows.

The A‘s, in their first season here which endeo
September 3, drew crowds approximately ﬁve times,
the size of the ones in West Haven, Connecticut.

The final attendance figures of 200,432, compared
to West Haven’s yearly average of 40,000, even
shocked top officials in the A’s organization, who ex-
pected to draw in the range of 100,000 to 150,000

op e.

“The fans in Albany have been hungry for a baseball
team for a long time," said assistant General Manager
Mike Jones. "It’s a baseball town and they're too far
from any major league stadiums.” But it was the pro-
spect of a new stadium being built that lured the
change of location from West Haven to Albany.

That brings us to Heritage Park, a stadium in Colonie
built this past year for the sole purpose of it becoming
the habitat of the now A’s.

A delay in the construction of the new stadium forc-
ed the A's to play the first threemonths of the season
in ancient Bleecker Stadium on Clinton Avenue, built
in t937. Finally, on July 20 the park was completed
and the A’s moved in for the last two months of the
season.

Attendance seemed to rise following the change of
stadiums; as there were times when 8000 fans had to
squeeze in the 5000-seat stadium.

And while all this interest and media hype was oc-
curring, the A's were ﬂoundering in the standings.
They wound up the season with a fifth-place finish in
the Eastern League with a record of 63-73. But for the-
Albany fans, winning and losing didn't seem to matter.

 

 

They finally had a team of their own.

"They (fans) were great all season no matter how
bad we performed some nights," said Jones. "They
always came back the next night.”

Even after the season came to a close on September
3, the Albany A's were still making headlines. On
September 29, former Colonie_A's pitcher Mike War-
ren threw a major-league no-hitter for the Oakland A's
against the Chicago White Sox, causing not only a ma.
jor stir in the Albany area but around the whole coun~
try.

Warren had started off the season here in a (Zolonie
A's uniform and compiled a ()2 record, giving every
indication that he was a major league pitcher. At the
end of May, he was so impressive, Oakland called him
up to the big club, bypassing the triple A Tacoma
team. Warren was so dominant in Double A ball that
even a month aftr his exodus from Albany, he still led
the eastern league in strikeouts.

The news of Warren's no-hitter, while causing a
shock to the rest of the major leagues, probably wasn't
too surprising for Albany fans who saw him pitch.

"i te was awesome,” said Jones. "He was unhittable
when he was in the league."

There are other players in the Colonie A’s that are
considered to have a firture in the majors.

Shortstop Louis Quinones was brought up by
Oakland for a month during July and August.

Third baseman Tim Pynarski, whose powerful bat
slammed 29 home runs this year earning him MVP.
honors for the team, might be seeing action in the ma-
jors this upcoming season. He most likely will be mov-
ed up to the Triple A Tacoma A’s.

In fact, odds are that half of this year's team will be
moving up a step to Tacoma, including popular Tom
Romano, whose .320 batting average, 24 homeruns
and 89 RBIs speak for themselves.

This creates a disturbing problem for the Colonie A’s
fans, who will certainly see their favorite players shuf-
fle off to higher level clubs. Almost like a paradox, the
better a player is in a minor league club, the quicker
he’s gone.

Even the opening day manager, Peter Whisenant,
never made it the whole season. Whisenant, fired in
mid-July, was replaced by Keith Lipman, who isn't
sure if he’ll be back when spring training starts in
March in Arizona.

"It's tough on the fans with players constantly
revolving through the door,” said Jones. “But that's
how the system works."

But for now, the Albany fans ar content. No matter
win or lose, they will come to Heritage Park and root
for players that might just be on the team for a tem-
porary span of two weeks.

After all, it’s been 28 years since they’ve had a pro-
fessional baseball club to root for. [I]

  

-‘ r ‘1
w. .ij‘ w

 

 

 

 

 

By MARK WILGARD

Spr Uh Write!

Now for today’s mind-boggling question: Can you
name one player on the Albany l’atroonsi Better yet,
have you ever heard of the Albany l’atroonsi Chances
are, you know tiny little about Albany's professional
basketball team. And like most other people on tis
campus, you probably have no hindsight into what llll‘
lt.tllt hiw is about. it’s about lllilt' you knew.

Until Will, it had lll‘t'll nearly to years since the (i
ty of Albany had a protessnmal sports irant bist-
(baseball s Albany Senators were that team). Albany
(’ounty l.\l'l ttlt\'l' Jim ('oyne wanted to ( hange that.
('oyne, a sports fanatti all of his life, ritet with thil t ont-
missioner ot the Continental Basketball Association,
Jim Drinker, in February of mag. the two discussed
the possibility of bringing a professional basketball
learn to this city. After meeting with Drut ker, Coyne
then formed the (fapital District Basketball Corpora-
tion, a non—profit organization that had hopes of ob-
taining a franchise. The team didn't have an owner,
and in order to get a franchise, it is llt‘t essary to prove
that you’re a visible organization, Coyne's initial move
was to get in touch with local businessmen and try to
sell as many season tic kets as possible. They had to sell
600 seats by April I, or it was so long to professional
basketball in Albany.

Coyne and the other businessmen became the
Board of Directors for the Albany t’atruons. And they
had no trouble in selling tickets. Using the slogan,
"We don’t play, you don’t pay," Coyne and his part-
ners easily sold 600 tickets, and kept selling them until
they broke all CBA records for season ticket sales. Ap-
parently the people of Albany were hungry for a pro-
fessional sports franchise.

They got it. The Board of Directors held a contest to
choose the nickname for the CBA’s newest franchise.
’atroons was chosen because the original Dutch set-
tlers in Albany County went by that name. And so it
began: the Albany l’atroons opened up their home
season on December 3, l‘JBZ in the refurbished
Washington Avenue Armory. A new floor was put in.
New lights were installed. A new scoreboard and new
seatng facilities also helped to usher in the f’atroons.

As stated earlier, the l’atroons are a non-profit
organi/ation. The entire operating budget is a result of
advertising and ticket sales. They rely heavily on the
community in order to exist. Since SUNYA represents
such a large portion of the City ofAlbany, it's very im-
portant for the Patroons to appeal to the students on
this campus.

“For us to have a successful year, we count on a
large student body attendance," noted the Director of
Publicity for the Patroons, Joseph llennessy. "We try
to schedule games so they don‘t conflict with Albany
State basketball games. We need SUNYA support
again. We'll die without this support." The Patroons
will make an appearance here at SUNYA early in their
season. A few players will set up a table and try to
"sell" the club. l‘lennessy notes, "We have to take
more advantage of SUNY."

l'lennessy said that “The l’atroons were easy to sell.
Since they are a non-profit organization, the public
likes the idea that no one was making a quick buck."

Indeed, the fans quickly fell in love with their team.
The Patroons drew over rit),()00 fans and shattered the
existing CBA record for attendance. They also hosted
the CBA All-Star game, in which the l’atroons beat the
All—Stars in front of a sell-out crowd of 2.700. llen-
nessy compares the team to the NFL's Green Bay
Packers, who are also community-supporterl. Every
other sports franchise has an owner.

The key point in the l’atroons’ inaugural season
came in the midst of a seven-game losing streak. tlen-
nessy pointed out, “We still put people in the stands
during the bad time. Right then and there we knew
we'd be all right for the year."

Those players who fail to make the NBA basically
have two options if they want to continue playing
basketball. They can go to Europe, play a maximum of
31) games and collect between $20,000 and $t50,00().
But their chances of getting back to the NBA would be
minimal. The salary in the CBA is extremer low
($350-$500 .1 week), but if a player has any desire to
return to the NBA, the CBA is the league for them. The
CBA is sort of like a farm system of the National
Basketball Association.

The affiliation works in the following manner: Each

 

 

CBA club has two parent NBA clubs which they get
their players from. The l’atruons get players from the
New York Knicks and the Denver Nuggets. They sign
their players released by these learns. However, any
team in the NBA can sign any player from any CBA
team. This "indirect" affiliation "gives players more
opportunities to get back to the NBA," according to
l lennessy.

there are currently 40 ex-CBA players in the NBA.
Three of them are Charley Criss, Clay Johnson and Bil~
ly Ray Bates.

The 'tl2-‘tl3 l’atroons sent two players over to the
NBA. Starting center Mike Davis went to the Knicks,
and starting power forward Larry Spriggs went to the
Chicago Bulls.

The f’atroons were famous for a couple of major
reasons, First, the team provides scholarships for male
and female athletes in the Albany area. Last year, the
CDBA awarded six scholarships of $1,000 apiece,
Ilennesy hopes the team can give away more next
year.

Secondly, the l’atroons had hoped to spur economic
development in the Albany area. They accomplished
this goal with tremendous success. as over 50,000
people came out to watch the learn.

The t‘lBIlvtl-l team will look to improve upon it»
tit-2t) record of last year. The head coach is former
Knick forward Phil Jackson, who replaced Dean Mem-
inger in the middle of last season. The l’atroons are
hoping to get back four key players.

One ot them is Ralph Mcl’herson, who was cut front
the summer training campsof the Knicks anti Utah
Jazz. Mcl’herson, abeled as the "fan’s favorite,"
averaged 14.2 points and eight rebounds a game last
year. Harry Young, Frankie Sanders (who was the l3th
overall player chosen in the t979 NBA draft) and Phil
Seymore are the other possible returnees.

training.camp opens up November 17. This gives
the team only two weeks to cut the roster down from
.25 to to, as the season begins on December 1. All
CBA teams carry 10 players at home, and nine on the
road. The extra player is usually a local player that a
team carries only at home to keep the fans happy. Bu:
according to Hennessy, "The Patroons will not have a
'token local’ this year.”

The league is set up with two six-team divisions. The
l’atroons will battle the Lancaster Lightning, Bay State
Bombardiers, Dan Juan Coquis, S1rasota Stingers and
Toronto Tornadoes in their division. Four of these
teams will make the playoffs.

in this day and age, when everyone is out to make a
quick dollar, it‘s refreshing to note the Patroons' im-
age of a community-oriented organization. They
operate with the fan in mind. Other professional fran-
chlses should be quick to follow suit. ‘1

 

 
 

 

