'depth and enthusiasm of the band Itself. This

 
  
 

6“ ASPECTSFRlDAYr SEPTEMBER 23. 19 _

Vinyl Views:

the Attractions‘ 5th album Tinting

Liberties came out —- it compila-
tiort of [3 sides and UK singles - and
received a mediocre to bad review in The
New York Times. A friend of mine Convlttc“
ed me to buy the Li’ without my having
heard it. He said. “Look. iiivis Costello and
Bob Dylan don't write bad songs." i had to
agree. Elvis Costello had been my favorite
for about 7 or 8 months and Taking Liberties
only helped to solidify that position.

I remember when Elvis Costello and

 

 

David Singer

 

Three years later Elvis has yet to write a
bad song. His latest release. Punch the
Clock, ls wonderful. While the music seems
to flow logically from the last album. Imperial

Bedroom. it also explores new sounds.

featuring the TKO horn section. and female
background vocalists called Afrodiziak (you
know. like green MBrM’s). Elvis has never
had any background vocals besides himself.
and these Women are a great new touch.
While Elvis has never had a horn section. his
new album relies heavily on TKO — former-
ly Dexy's Mtdnite Runners.

interestingly. Elvis' old material also
generally goes great with the horns. In con-
cert this summer. the horn section played for
about two-thirds of the show and was a
superb addition. imagine the riff of "Pump It
Up" 'done with horns. or any of the soulful
Get Happy songs perked up by a horn sec-
tion. The results were great.

The first song on Punch the Clock. "Let
Them All Talk," is a perfect demonstration of
the powerful new horn sound as well as the
female background vocalists. Elvis probably
recognized this, as he not only opened the
album but also his concerts. with this tune.
The thing l‘found puzzling about the live
shows was that he didn't include Afrodiziak.
in his past shows. the vocals were always a
little peculiar. because certain things that
Elvis could do in the studio on vocals were
impossible live. so it would have been wor-

Joan’ s No

lbum." the latest release by Joan
. Jett and the Biackhearts.has to
give peace of mind to anyone who

thought Rock and Roll Is a dying breed. This
LP named rather unwittingly. has all the

album should not be viewed as an excercise
in intricate acoustics or precision playing but
rather it should be seen for what it's worth. a
hard core rock sequence. Similar to all oil
the previous .loan .iett creations this album is
a collaboration of new releases and remakes
as in the song "Everyday People."

Mike Relest

The power of this album centers on raw
enthusiasm In such songs as "Tossin' and
Turnin'." which combines the scratchy. sex- .'
ual voice of Joan .lett with a 50's backing by 
lead guitarist Ricky Byrd. Byrd Is an ex-
perienced New York Influenced musician t

 

 

Music From The Big_

lite statnpeding Is over Hundreds A
l ‘oi "fly by night." fortutte hunting.

parttsttical bands have lined their
pockets with claims attd names won by being
part of the "British invasion" of the new
music world. But like all saturated markets in ’
our Keynslan Economic world. we find that!
only the quality will stand out when push‘I
nameleshewmmiﬁﬁuw'eLdJEJbet '

Mike Reles

world of rock music and record sales. Now
that the tempo has settled. the cream is rising
to the top asquallty. not quickness. is the key
to such bands as. the Fixx. Duran Duran.
R.E.M.. U2 and most recently Scotland
rockers Big Country. The band's name is
taken from the Talking Heads' concluding
song “Big Country" on their More Songs
about Buildings and Food album.

     

thwhile to bring the ladies along on tour.

it seems that Elvis is very pleased with the
popular single, “Every Day I Write the
Book," because We never seen him smile
while singing any other song. He might be
smiling even more if this breaks as the first
big hit by Elvis Costello and the Attractions.
it's presently in the Top 50. it's also their first
song made into' a video since MTV and. get
this. a 12 inch extended dance remix has
been released. although i haven't seen It or
heard it yet. i happen to think that the next
song on the LP. “The Greatest Thing." Is a
mere danceable cut.,

Elvis Costello has a well deserved reputa-
tion for his meaningful and often biting lyrics.
and though he seems to get more romantic
and less mean with each record. a sharp
edge still cuts through his work. The happy

 

 

chorus of “Love Went Mad" fits In well with

Frills Rock

  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  

 

Big Cottntry's debut album. The Crossing,
is a pure. naturalistic treble~oriented album
which manages to ease its way into an
unedited. unadulterated. sharp sound
similar to that of the trendsetting U2. That
post-U2 sound is clearly evident on their.
UK. Chart hits " Fields of Fire" which lasted
the billboards [or better than 22 weeks. The
reason for the similarity is that Big Country is
produced by Steve Lillywhlte. Llllywltite is
responsible for the driving guitar oriented
sound which has been his trademark In such
albums as “War” by U2.

Leading off this artful unsynthesised col-
laboration are Scottish guitarists Stuart
Adamson and Bruce Watson. The deep
Scottish past of these two performers is the
cause of the shifting bagpipe sound which
enhances the track "in a Big_Counry."
Rounding out the band is the sharp. .

 

‘charts and is on its way to an impressive

‘
Is another classic Blackheart story of a small

 

the fun romantic side. but the verse with it's
spooky sound and tough lyrics is quite a con-
trast. The line “i wish you luck with a capital
F" sets the tone. Another spooky sounding
song is “Pills and Soap." Elvis had some
trouble with his UK record label. F-beat

the UK. before Punch The Clock came out.
under the name The lmposter (the name of a
song from Get Happy). rather than as Elvis
Costello and the Attractions. it wasn't sup-
posed to. and didn't fool anyone. The
reason Elvis released It when he did was to
coincide with the British elections last spring. ‘
because the song does have a potent 
message. -

The most meaningful song on the LP is
the ballad. “Shipbuilding.” inspired by the
Falklands War. and co-penned with Clive
Langer. who along with Alan Wistanley pro-
duced Punch the Clock. Langer and

’n’ Roll

who played in the bands Ruff Stuff and
Luger. in his earlier years. He has become
an ideal partner tor Joan Jett In upholding
her "street gang" image. He has shown his
versatility In not only mastering his own
material but combining with the band for a
series of Impressive remakes, as in The lsley
Brothers classic. “Shout.”

A cutting song off this album is the single.
"Fake Friends." which was quick to hit the

 

showing. with its solid mixing and percus-
sion. both by drummer Lee Crystal. Crystal

time rocker hitting it big on Joan ilett's band-
wagon to success. Being a well trained musl-
cian. he has warmed tip for punk band such
as the Ramones and the Dead Boys. with his
temporary group the Boyfriends. Lee Crystal
grew professionally amidst the L.A. punk cir- 1
cut where he played with the Romantics as '
he brught his New York influence to LA.

 

Country

and bass player Tony Butler. Both of these
experienced musicians were featured on the
recent solo efforts of Pete Townshend as Well
as the song “Back on the Chain Gang" by
the Pretenders.

The album itself has minor mixing and
production flaws. But. taken purely for what
It is. a first album by a young energy driven
band, it's a blastl The well thought out lyrics
and pleasing sounds will surely have this
album working overtime In your collection.
This ten song musical onslaught will soon:
make household names of such songs as'
“Chance” and “1000 Stars" as more andt
more syndicated radio stations find these?
cuts on their program lists. Supported by a.
strong ideological video. this band is pro-
moting' itself for an exciting career and Y

Records. and released "Pills and Soap" in _

Winstanley are known for their work v.
Madness and Dexy's Mldttite Runners

Like the style he moved towards on I

perial Bedroom, lilvis' songs lack the su
structure they once had with the thKlllltt‘
versevchorus-versechorus setup My cum
favorite on the album “TKO (Boxing lino)
.another great perlorotnauce by the lit»
attd Afrodlzlak. wth an unusual chorus It
horn riff. and then "TKO" sung by ‘
women. The nasty lyrics in this one are pr

ty slick too: "They put the tnttnb
number/They put the cut ltl cutie/'l'lwy l
the slum into slumber/And the boot it
beauty."

Elvis has done art interesting thing with
lyrics written on the sleeve of the LP. Cert
lines or phrases are printed in bolder it
than others. in the song “Charm School
thought that the big line was “didn't it
teach you anything except how to be cu
in that charm school." Typical Elvis. but
line he's got in bold is “TRYING TO MA
A LIVING." The line seems to tie in with
title of the album. Punch the Clock. " “Put
the Clock" itself appears (in bold) in the St
mentioned earlier. “The Greatest Thin
but. resolves Elvis. “l PUNCH T
CLOCK/and It's OK/ i KNOW A GI

WHO TAKES MY BREATH AWAY.’ '

seems to be a grin and bear it attitude.

Elvis doesn't seem to be hearing too mt .

clock punching these days — although

titled his tour. “Clocking in across Americr y '

Elvis Is making a stab at getting back to
roots. He used to "Punch the Clock" a
computer programmer before he stormed
to the music scene in 1977. The cover ph
also brings us back In time, with Elvis dtt
ing and looking like Bob Dylan did on
first LP in 1961.
in my opinion. imperial Bedroom is

best record of all time. by anyone.Punch
Clock is by'no' means a letdown. howe
it Is at number 25 after only six weeks, wl
an impressive achievement. and if the sit
really breaks. it could send the album Si
ing.

and Joan Jett.

Cleaning up this album are follow up cl
singles like "The French Song" and "H.
Enough." All of the songs on this aim

song attack are characterized by the Vita _

which accompanies a band whom
toured more than 325 dates since the bat
formation some 3 years ago

The former Runaway. Joan .iett. uniqL
remakes her former band's classic "i l«
Playing with Fire." tapping the ski
youthful talent of bass player Gary R'
(who isn't old enough to drink in 8 stair
Ryan also found his way to the band tltrot

the LA punk circut and a band named ‘

The album Is not a classic by any met
but rather it is an enjoyable album to
taken for what its worth. a cleanly produ
rock and roll disc. if you anticipate troll
more than a good titne with this album

:‘ will receive much more. in this telettst

tone of todays few pure rock bands.

 

  
   
   

 

 

 

 
  

 

   

 

 
 

  

  

 

 

  
 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘hopefuily and energetic tour. Save me a

 

'deitbcrate sound of drummer Mark Bmdck.

tlwmi‘mmt

ticket! I don't want to miss this one. and
either should you. Cl

i

R

    

 
  

 

  
 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 

 

 

AY, SEPTEMBER 23, 198.

 

Lt’VlCCS were held

[0 T at the A '
r fear of Strangers. a live ylctlt‘lndkl'imon
were in nttcnd 0U”

_.
O
r:
x
S
9.
O
<
I:
'1
t

cri‘

strong local fol
ttp tor the Po“

CC tin .
'" New York a d hum" '0 be ri-‘Iltttred

nd Bo ~
Opened shows “on

Squeeze. Iggy pop

  

 

saw it coming. They were playing.
local bars when they should have
been touring the country; their record
l was going out of business when they
' uld have been signing with a major label;
V lie their live shows were good. they lust
: n't have the same level of energy and
‘ ntanelty that they once had. They still
lied every area spot they played —— the
» d did not break up due to a lack of fans
places to play in the area. it seemed like
_ y were caught in the middle. They were
‘ big to be playing area bars every weekend
i not big enough to mount a national tour
_ land a major record contract. No i was not
tprised last month when i heard Fear of
, rangers would go their separate ways.

ayne Peereboom

I O.K.. so what are the people in the band
‘ ing to do?

,Well. Steve and Val are going to head for
 w York in search of national recognition.
ix ey have no set plan of attack but they say
i: ey will probably work together and may
t‘ en use the Fear of Strangers name. Cohen
3 Id they may do recording using a number

 

‘~ different musicians. Haynes said she
ould like to continue to use many of the

 

 ace It buddy. Rock and Roll is big
2‘. business. Put away all those‘-

idealistic notions of music for'
sic's sake. the plain truth is that pop music
r ike the oil companies; people sink millions It
2‘ dollars into it. and. if you play your cards
ht there’s a fortune to be made from It too.
cause It is a business. pop music Involves
cries of compromises — maybe the band
ht have to play their music a certain way.
cause musicians needs an audience for
note to be validated. they have to adjust
Ir music with their audience's expecta»
‘ is In mind. Maybe they learn a couple of
I ular tunes. maybe they dress stylishly.|
least they cart do is learn Wild Thing. As
and grows In popularity. the more coin-
mlses they have to make, because
_ rket factors control the access the band
I- to that till-Important audience. /\ club
net. for example. may not book the band
a his club unless he feels they will draw
Ugh people for him to turrt a profit at the
. Similarly. a record company won't sigt‘
nd unless they're absolutly positive it's a
- thing, Fuck Art. let’s talk bucks. q

    

   

t etin Ulug

ecause of the market demands placed or
(Clans. we can safely divide pop music
‘iwo groups; there's the commercial half
‘ there's the underground half. Both re-

 

 Fear of Stran

i, 342:5.

gers, Age 5

Friday but itirm:

1?
5
G
o
5
c
o.
B
‘<.
:1:
'5

tion) was too stttai

fer a name

P’Odl‘ClS. a s
r ream-n m
i the hand

l'ti
mmcr A, Kns‘h. t or i

While the album was well r

"old Well local

. . P5 -1 . -. s - ‘

tltc Hollies y“ 'd‘lit l‘iirs , * ~ ly. ti - . “C'Vc‘l mid
such CM”, and The Specials wmlc .l"( i‘(. the national succ. " band did not ttcittcv .
Mudd 0 b "5 .Tllc Bottom tmc E‘Wym Fear of Sim,  they were looking r.) L
Rat and Illiy’tglfll' Max" Kuntas chin/"git" Vi" Haynes hails-r: WWW“! by VDC'illtli
. ‘tt icr's p1  ‘ ‘ r it: Todd N. . ' "‘ ‘ 0V6 (‘otp v ' .'
1h. . an .un . . klsun . Ln. suit: -
r. UiiIfS were offered .1 ,Wg’r'btlcgtrii'crs. a“ or Whom ill:::dllrttttttttcr Mark Fmtfrclr
rill?! ' r

. t r .
way or another ( pml'c

 

same songs while penning some new ones.
Guitarist Nelson also considered making a
( move to New York but chose to stay in
Albany with his wife and daughter. He said
he wants to stick with rock and the beginning
stages of forming another band. Todd said
he would like to put more emphasis on
recording over live gigs.

Drummer Mark Foster plans to continue
making a living as musician but is not sure
just what direction he is going to take. He Is
currently a member of the Albany Sym-
phony Orchestra.

Alrlght. when Fear of Strangers broke up,
did they have a big blow-up or what?

Here Is some of what the folks in the band
had to say:

Nelson: “i think change for its own sake is
sometimes good, even if you believe in what
you are doing. l'm looking forward to getting
the weekend off. i think that says
something."

Cohen: “The idea of moving to a big city.
was always there. it was evident we were not '
getting anywhere. l'm glad Val made the"

 

 

it: each other's existence. The

   

   

decision for the band to break up.

Haynes: "i feel like l'm leaving a negativei
thing where i wasn't growing. if we had'
stayed together and plodded along. we
might have gotten sick of music."

 o Crust Records

7"

Turn lt‘lio o/ The Verge‘.
undergrt'iund bands must accept the market 
demantls. so they eventually become com-
mercial acts. in turn, the commercial bands l
influence what the underground bands play. "
either by Imitation or direct contrast. For ex- ,‘
ample ~— “rlourney Is a commercial. highlyl
marketable. and very popular band,
therefore l'll do anything i can to avoid soun« t
ding like them..." ‘
Time was. in the darkest depths of the
'70's. that the underground bands lost their
clout. Most had no way of getting played In
front of lots of people; no one wauld take
any chances. All that is changing now ,
though. and for a number of reasons. MTVI n_

Rock Around The Town

I he End of an Era

ccausc the label, LR S

rovc the band
_ change. Fear
ctr first and only i
ttbsidary of
ytltrn guitarist

music in one

 
 
  
   
  
   
  
 
  
  
  
       
    
 
      
     
     
      
    
   
  
  
   
 
  
  

Ittt the

0 be

as

Foster: "Any change is difficult but it Is
good for everyone. it was a lack of change
that prompted the band to break up."

Why didn’t the band make it big?
A good place to start might be with the
album. Cohen said Faulty Products released
the album on their label but did little to back It
up In the way of promotion or even distribu-
tion. Nelson said that some radio stations
received two copies of the album while
others didn't get any. Cohen also pointed
out that while the album got lots of airplay on
college and some commercial stations across
the country. people who tried to buy the
album were unable to find It in record stores.
ironically. he said the one thing that might
have gotten the record label to pay more at-
tention to the band would have been heavy
record sales. Cohen said most of the

District where it was a number one selling
album the summer it was released. .The re-
ntaining copies of the album were sold at the .
band's last shows.

Another consideration is the band's locale.
“You have to be totally exceptional If you
want to live in your hometown and make it,"
, said Haynes. "When i went to the New
Music Seminar (this summer in New York

 

 

  

 

for one. gave the record companies a stiff
kick irt their corporate cases. by proving that
the public was Interested In new music. and
the recent commercial sucess of bands like
Men at Work. Stray Cats etc. etc. proved it.
The 'do-it-yourseli' attitude of the new bands
(post 1976) at first seemed pretty ineffective.
but their major contribution was the rise of
the independent record labels. Learning by.
others' mistakes. they found that bigger Is
not better and that If you want something'
done. you do It. and don’t wait for someone
to do It for you.

This leads me (finally) to the point of this

   

album's sales of 3.000 were In the Capital‘

ASPECTS 7:

not there. people forget about you." ,
“We really suffered from a lack of con-
tacts." Nelson said. "i think that's one thing
that living in a major city could help. You're
really not going to get those contacts in
Albany"
50. why did they stay so long in Albany?
Nelson: "We had a good life here. We
were able to make a living as musicians and
we didn't need other Jobs. . .we didn't have to
spend $500 a month on apartments."
Cohen: “it was a nice place to live. It's
easy to function here. New York City bands
don't get the same chance for exposure."

it's the third song of the third encore at the
Hilton. Much of the crowd of well over
1.000 still remains. Al Kash and Doug White
have both played with the band at various
times over the evening. This is It. The band
goes into a rendition of "Louie. Louie." pro-
bably one frotn the Units at Bogarts days.
Some of the crowd is teary eyed. some are

' boogylng their asses off. and some lust watch

while others wander around in a drug
stupor. The band finishes the song and takes
an unprecedented bow before the crowd.
,‘They leave the stage as the taped music

 

 

'artlcle. a new independent record label in.

comes on and the lights go up.

eport

Albany. No Crust Records. No Crust Is the
work of two very promising local bands; The
Verge and Lumpen Proles. Both bands ap—
peared before on the MCE records compila-
tion LP.. Hudson Rock. They too. have
learnt from their own mistakes and now
realize that no one cares as much for their
projects as they do. The label had Its first two
releases over the summer. Lumpen Proles
released the singles Positive Thinkingland
She wasn't home.and the Verge released
:helr Habitual E.P.. containing four of their
setter songs. The Verge E.P. appears to be
the more sucessful of the two. Tom Rella of
the Verge is a fine songwriter. and the
material here is strong and well thought out.
The Proles don't do the old soapbox stand as
much as the Verge. They wrote more per-
sonal songs. but unfortunately these singles
don‘t really capture them at their best.

The label itself is cooperatively run by the
two bands. pooling their collective money
and energy. Things should pick up for them
in the future.

SUNYA'S own WCDB has been doing a
first rate job in playing more and more local
music. with both releases receiving frequent
airplay. What's really interesting about this Is
that lndependant record companies are
:ommited to establishing a rapport with their
audience; communication is very important.
No Crust. for example ls available for 'cor-
respondence at PO. Box 7188. Albany
12224. El

 

t

 

. -. .w ... "comm—ted... -..‘, .............. 4*!“er

 

 

