   

 

 — R.
., _..-.s..W-. WWW-

 

' l
s

 

m...“ _... .... .., _
s. "A"...

 

 

a“... I;

L. 4r “3|ng may
as :«w n A

w-..”

 

 

 

Ariel Sharon resigns

Jertttult'trr. Israel

(AP)Ariel Sharon Icslgllctl‘ils Israeli defense minister to-
day following a gotcrntirerit decision to adopt all the fin-
dings of the Beirut massacre commission. Israel Radio said.

The radio said Sltarori had agreed to hand r12.- defense
portfolio to Prime Minister Menacherii Begin. and would
teatc the Defense Ministry Monday. Sharon would remain
in the Cabinet witli a different portfolio. according to the
broadcast.

Cabinet ministers had cmcrgcd from their 5 ':v~ltttlll
meeting Thursday saying they were stalcniatcd by Sharon's
resistance to resignation. Although ilie (‘abinct has ilie
power to take the defense portfolio away frotti Sharon. ori-
ly Begin could remote him from the Cabinet.

(‘abinct secretary Dart Meridor said the vote to accept all
the eoiiiniission‘s recoiutiteridations was l(I-l. with
Sharon’s tote "presumably" the otily dissent.

Israel army radio said Sharon argued Ill lcrtgtlt against
tltc report. claiming that it branded “a mark of Cain" on
Israel by saying it was indirectly responsible For, the
massacre.

'l'lic massacre cortiritissiott called tor Sharon's resignation
for letting I chartese rnilitirtrticn irtto tlic Sabra and ( lltllilltl
refugee catiips last Sentcrtibcr despite the thicztt they would
slaughter citilitttts.

Officials debate nu es
k
Lam/mt. ling/uni]
t-\PI liisltttp-. tlcrgtinert and laity gathered at tttc ltcad~
quzirtcrs ot the Anglican (. lunch today to discuss nuclear
weapons itt wlirtt church otttcials say is their most signili»
caitt debate \IllL‘t"\\ otltl \Vat II.

the debate focuses on whether tltc ('Iiuich or I rtglttud.
tltc state church ol'ticially headed by Queen l-li/ahctlt II.
should call for a phased program of unilateral nuclear
disarmament.

Bishop .lt)ltll Bacr ot Salisbury has submitted this pro-
posal Io tltc church's leadership council. arid a true was c\-
pcctcd at the end of 'Ihursday‘s tticctitig on whether the
550-mctttber gcticral syttod sliottld pt'css Prittic Minister
Margaret Tltatclicr to begin disarniattictit wlitlc kcepiug
lit'ttaiti iti the NATO alliance.

Baker says nuclear wcapotis are tiiorally unacceptable.
llc faces oppositioti front Bislitip (iralratii Leonard of Lon-
don.

The debate coincides with Vice President (icurgc Bush‘s
rctttrn to the United States after a seven-tuition tottr to pro-
mote President Reagan's proposals for deploying tiiore
nuclear ritissilcs itt [Europe while continuing disarmament
talks with tlie Soviet Union.

D’Amato accuses CIA

New York. N. I’.
(A P) Sen. Alfonse D‘Antato says lte was angered wlteri of~
ficials itt Ronte told him the (‘IA was trying to discredit artd
block the investigation of tire attcriipted murder of Pope
.loltn Paul II.

D'Amato tR-N.Y.) charged the CIA has neglected to
probe the assassination attempt fully. and Iias spread
"tlblllltltllltllion" about the Italian iiitcstigation irtio .t
possible Soviet-Bulgarian link in the shooting of the pope itt
May I‘m] in St. Peter's Square.

New York's Junior senator said he was informed by a
high source irt Route. w born he refused to identify. rltat the
U.S. intelligeric' agency has not assigned one agent full
tirtte to the probe. "It‘s shocking for ttie that the CIA has
shown itself to be either ittcpt or deliberately obstructing
ilte intestigation." D'Ainato told a news cotiterencc
Wednesday at Kennedy Airport ttpori returrtirtg from Rome
to look into the shooting.

D'Arnato said one reason fora possible cotcrup tl igltt be
that U.S. ol't'i ials want to protect relations with ilie 'iotiet
Union and so are afraid of evidcrtcc that could lead to Yuri
Andropov. the former Soviet intelligence chief who is ttow
tlte Soviet premier. An Italian probe of the attack revealed
a link betwen Turkish gunman Meltnict Ali Agea. who is
charged with the shooting. and Bulgaria. a Soviet satellite
country.

D'Airiato said Moscow might hroc bcc'i .‘tir.ce..tcrl
betause the pope had threatened to go to Poland it the
.‘lUVlcl arrny imrttled that country to crush the Solidarity
labor movement.

Governor seeks more funds

[In/fall). N. Y.
(AP) (iov. Mario Cuomo vetttttrcd into otie of the nation‘s
hardest-hit industrial cities Thursday to announce he has
asked the state Legislature to immediately increase
unemployment insurance benefits.

The governor said he has submitted legislation which
would increase the state's maximum jobless benefit to $170
a week. It has been at $125 a week since I978. Uttder the
Cuomo plan.tlte maximum benefit would jump to $1th a
week iri I984 tttid $190 a week in I985,

The Buffalo area is ettrrentty languishing with a 13 per~

 

How do you spell relief?

TUITION RI-ZIJEIf offers college stttdents financial
alternatives to the increasing cost of a college education.
‘I‘licse alternatives come in various forms. from academic
contests to scholarship give-aways that are conducted on a
merit system. .

Presently. TUITION RELIEF is sponsoring art “my
contest in which students littve tlte opportunity to win a
cash award. rattgirig up to full payment ot‘ilteir tuition for
ottc complete seitiester/quartcr.

the essay categories are:

l) (‘ollcgc Life: “What affect has big time college
atlrtctics had on the academic standards of American col-
legcs'!"

2) The Nation: “Why have Black teenagers been hit the
hardest by tirtcritployrneitt’!"

.1) Politics: "(‘otupare and contrast the administration
of .ioltit Kennedy ritid Ronald Reagan."

the otin cost to the sttidcrit is $1 per essay to cover the
postage. mailing and printing costs. (I 'adline is March I.
For further information. write TUITION RELI . . l’.().
Bos 421620. San I-‘rttncisco. ('a. 94142.

 

Alternating lessons

Yoti are hit itcd to a rricctittg witlt the representative for
\\('l A (Washington (‘critcr for lcartiirtg Alternatives).
Mr. James llcffcrriort who will he on campus Monday.
l't'ltltlttl)‘ 14. I‘m].

The purpose of this tticcting tvill allow Mr. llcl'fcrrton
.tii oppoittiriity to describe the program atttl for you to
raise att_\ questions you titay have regarding SUNYA a|'~
t'ilirition arid internship credit prograitis.

I This mceting will be held at 3:30 pm. - 5:00 p.m. irt
l('-IJ. l ktiott yott will find this titectitig rtiost inl'or-
ntatitc arid interesting.

Printing prospectives

for all those wlto appreciate or dribble irt art the
lliiitersity (rallcry will be presenting a “20 year print
rctrospcctitc" of artist Thom O'Connor.

1 it'ty-onc drawitigs and severity-five prints tvill be
displayed to celebrate the 20th anniversary of_tlie artist‘s
association witlt SUNYA.

A public opening reception will trike place Friday. I-ch.
II from It to 10 p.rn. The works will he on exhibit from
Feb. I! until March 25 at the University Gallery.

  

 

At the heart of the matter

The La Salette (‘hristian Cctiter will feature its Iiist
dinner-dance with a Valentine's Day Tlictiie this l‘cb. I:
on Route I56 in Altriuiont.

The dance. to be Iicld iii the center's gymnasium. will
feature the hand "Saratoga" and dinner will be iii the
form of a btil'ffct to be served dtriirtg tltc dance tom it
p.tII. to midnight.

'l ickcts will he $10 per pcrsort rind are available by mail »
or by calling the center rtt lint-55.16 oi Joanna Smith at
Rotten: or .lttdy .lcsco at ital-741‘). ‘

 

Fish tales

()ne of tltc rttost contemporary literary critics. Stanley
1-. fish of John Hopkins Uttitcrsily. will giic two talks
lttcsday l-cb. I5. tit SUNYA.

lisli. ttlio has often shocked the critical cstalilislirncrit
with his itotcl critical theories. will gitc separate lectures
at 2 p.m. arid 4:30 pm. iii the Humanities I ounge. Room
354 in the Humanities bttildiiig.

l‘l'ill is tltc author of several hooks. including Sir/Wiser]
Irv Sin: 'I‘lit' It’t'mlt'r in Paradise Lost. and /\ There it I ravt
in This ('Irrs.t?.' 'I'lte .Itrr/ltnri/v of IIIIt'r/Jl‘t’lil't‘ ('mrr-
IIIlr/lilit'.\.

The lectures are being sponsored by the University's
Departments of langlish. I~'rcnc|t arid Philosophy atid are
free and open to the ptrblic. liot' ftirtlter information. con
tact David Redding. 457-8439.

 

 

 

ccitt unemployment rate — the highest for any urban area
in the state. that rate does not :ak: into account the recent
decision try the Bctltleltctn Steel Corp. to close most of its
giant plant in nearby lackatvaitiia. idling tip to 7.30) more
workers. '

Plans hate been circttlatiitg at tltc Capitol for months to
raise the unemployment bertefits — which are received Iiy
about 300.000 New Yorkers. According to the state Labor
Department. (173.000 state residents are out of work.

While the unemployment benefit increase. if approved.
cotrld be of immediate help to some otit-of-work western
New Yorkers. ('uomo admitted during a fligltt here today
front New York City that tlte state has no long-range solit-
tioti for Buffalo‘s ecortoruic ills. Ilowever. (‘uoriio votved
that “Bull'an will not go down."

Steel leaders offer plan

Lucknow/mu. N. I’.
(AP) Union lL“Itlcrs. scrambling to save thousands of jobs
here. have offered Bethlehem Steel Corp. a cost-cutting
plan they Itopc will avert a shutdown of basic steel-making
irt Lackawatiiia.

"()tit plan will allow Bcihleltcm-I.ackawanna to compete
witlt any plartt in the United States." Richard Coreoran. a
United Steelworkers representative said after a meeting
\\'cdiresdtiy in Allentown. Pa.. with Bethlehem executives.
“Our plan will elittiirtatc hundreds of jobs. btit it will sttve
thousands of jobs.” he said.

Bethlehem said Dec. 27 it would end basic .stccl opera-
tioris at its aging plant here by the cttd of this year. The firiti
said the shutdown would mean loss of 7,300 jobs.

A spokesman at Bctltlchem‘s headquarters in Bethlehem.
Pa.. said that f.rrii would have no irniticdiate comment on
the tttiioit offer. “We have just received it. atid it is still
under review.“ lte said. Corcor‘aii said tlte union proposed
a nine-pointed plan.

Included iii the plan is iritprovcd productivity. a
streamlined work force. certtrali/ed maintenance forces.
stabililation of incentive rates. revised work practic s. a
change iii seniority striictttrc. I'orrttatioii of a customer rela-
lions group and a stock option purchase plritt for workers.

Budget compromise flops

.S‘ucrmneltlo. Cal

(AP) A compromise plan to remedy the state's 1.5 billiott

budget deficit fell apart Thursday. increasing the chances

that California would have to pay its creditors wrtlt IUUs
tor the first time since the Great Depression.

(iov. George Deukemejian has said the state would begin

 

issuing Ilte l()Us — officially called “registered warrants"
— later this trioritlt unless the Legislature approved csteri»
sive spending ctits. Brit iii an early-morning telephone call
to Assembly Speaker Willie Brown. a San l"I'tllIL‘IWtr
Democrat. Dcukincjian rejected a compromise proposed
by Assentny Democratic l'adcrs.

'l'ltat plan inclttdcd ctrts in spending. guarantees against
deep ctits in social programs next year. arid assurances that
next year‘s budget would he balartccd -— if necessary. by a
tax iitcrcasc that would take effect unless economic
rccovery restored state revenues. Dcttkmcjiaii vowed tltir ing
his campaign to light arty Iris increase.

The republican governor. who earlier said lie was \IIlllllt’

to compromise on tlte deficit. ittadc a sharply partisan
statewide television address \\’edncsday. scekirtg support
for" his rio-riew-ta\cs plrirt for cutting the budget. He lashed
out at Democrats in the state Senate. who he said “stand iii
the way of sat ing this state froin l()le." and urged citi/crts
to pressttrc their state senators ittto supporting his pro
posal.
I California's IUNZ-HJ recession-tight budget. which went
into effect last July. totaled $25.2 billion. and marked the
first time since World War II that the s‘trtte‘s budget was
smaller than tltc one of the pretious year.

Cuomo criticizes Reagan

New York. N. 1'.
(Al’) (iov. Mario Cuomo says Presidciit Reagan's llL'\\
federalism should be replaced with a “fair federalism.“
The Democratic governor said Reagan's economic policies
Itave rcdistribtrted the nation's wealth uiicvcnly.

“Instead of making its a people at peace with otirseltcs.
he has widened the gulf between the haves and the llil\‘L‘~lL‘ss
and the have-riots." (‘iromo told 650 guests Wednesday at a
$51XI-a-plate dittricr of the National Democratic ('ottttllil
rec.

He said Reagan. a chtiblicait whom lie dcs 'rbed as be-
itig rt "celluloid" hero iii I980. fed the tiatiott “sweet
prose" duritig the presidential campaign that year.

“The candidate who became president." Cuomo said.
“talked of fairness — artd 1 ant willing to believe he meant
it ~ bttt. inst ‘tltl. he has t‘edistribued the nation’s wealth
unevenly. moving it frotit social necessities tti ai'ntrttiieitts.‘
truth the Northeast to the Sunbelt. front the poor and the
tiiiddle class to the rich."

lle toltl the audience it was the mission of the Democratic
Party “to return the presidency of the United States to the
kiiid of ititelligctit cpinprtssion and reasonableness that has
saved this ttatiori trout depressions. brought it through
wars. extended otrr reach to the ittoori and kept it at
pcttce." '

 

 .- -. . mu ,s.-.

 

 

 

 

FEBRUARY”. 1983 El ALBANYSTUDENTPRESS 3

Council opposed to cartoon in Student Voice

By Heldl Gralla

STAFF WRITER

 

A controversial cartoon appearing on the
front cover of last week’s Student Voice
prompted Central Council Wednesday to
vote 13-10-1 to print an opposing statement
in the newsletter's next issue Feb. 16.

SA Prsident Mike Corso said he plans to
veto the resolution.

The Student Voice is a bl-weekty newslet-
ter published by SA. The cartoon. which
Post said she acquired from a publication
by the Central Committee for Conscien-
tious Objectors. depicts a man entering the
post office to register for the draft. Near
the doorway are anti-military signs. in-
cluding one proclaiming “The Marines are
looking for a few dead men." Accompany-
ing the eartoort was ttn article on the
Solomon Amendment. which denies finan-
cial aid to male stridents not registered for
the draft.

Post explained that ttie cartoon was in-
tended to attract attention to the article
rather than to make a political statement.
“I felt that ptittirig in that graphic would
definitely reaelt people. They‘ll read the ar-
ticlc and they‘ll make tip their minds.“ she
said. Post maintained that the rcsoltttion
isn‘t going to solve anything since the Voice
has already been distribirtcd. She also
noted that SASU coinnnrriicatioris director
Mary l’retidcrgrtst has said she setit the issue
of the Voice nationwide and ltatl gotten
tery good feedback about it.

(‘otirtcil (‘hair .Ie‘ ~rotnin. one of eight
sponsors of the tcsoltttiort. critici/e the edi-
.ors of the Voice for poor judgement. say-

ing that the cartooti " shows a very grotes-
qtre picture of war iii a one-sided fashion
that doesn't represrict the ticws of the err-
tir'e strident association." lir'ottttii said lie
Itopcs to be added to tire list of people who

 

review the contents of the Voice before
publication. .

Bill sponsor Anthony Nastri said the Slu-
dent Voice is SA's newsletter to the public
and since "SA never made a position state-
ment on the army. how could the Voice
dare to?" He explained, ' printingthis car-
toon on the front page is synonymous with
saying SA has taken it position against the
U.S. military. This is an out and out lie."

According to Post. she discussed the car-
toon with Corso and SA Vice President
Ann Marie LaPorttt before printing it.
LnProta commented that one of the reasons
they okayed the cartoon was because they
were looking for it reaction. and “ti

    

negative or positive reaction is better than
no reactlon at all."

Corso said he "supports the Voice having
full editorial rights." He plans to veto the
resolution because he believes it is “blatant
censorship” and "council is overstepping
their grounds." The resolution said the
cartoon was not representative ofSA. Cor-
so argued that the executive branch of SA
and almost half ofCouncil were opposed to
the resolution. He contended that If the ex-
ecutive branch was allowed to vote. the
resolution would have failed.

Several Cou ncll members were displeased
with the cartoon but said they were opposed
to the final action called for the resolution.

 

Stuuent Voice Editor Libby Post

"I’ttt/i/tg in the! graphic WON/(l (lefinilcly reach [tori/ale.“

ALAN CALEM UPS

 

which is publication of the resolution in a
future Issue of the Voice. State Quad
representative Jeff Schneider originally
sponsored the bill. but later took his name
off. deciding that the ﬁnal action was un-
warranted. Off campus representative Neil
Sicgel said that talking to Post would have
been sufﬁcient.

Alumni Quad representative Rob Fishkin
said. "the resolution is it definite statement
of censorhsip. Despite the fact that it pass-
ed. 1 don't think it is indicative of SA.” He
explianed that he doesn't think the cartoon
is ntisreprcscntutive of the article Itself.
“The cartoon lit with this issue of the
Voice." he said.

Associate editor of the Voice. Mark
Weprin. contended that the “main thrust of
this issue is to show poeple their options.
not sltoot down anyone’s views."

Dan Robb said be sponsored the resolu-
tion because "The Student Voice shouldn't
be printing a cartoon as objectionable as
that one on the front page since the Voice is
funded through strident taxes." Robb
believes tlte cartoon doesn‘t express the
views to SA.

Ilc said tltc Voice was “created to be an
SA propaganda newsletter." l.tiPorta
chained the Voice is intended “to be activist
and publici/c wltat SA is doing." Post said
the Voice gives "SA groups a little iitore
ability tti get sortie press. SA decides to deal
with certain issues and we push the issues.
We‘re an advocacy paper." l'TtIIIIIII felt
that “one of its (the Voit'e'v) functions is to
show the positive aspects ot SA."

If (‘orso signs the resolution. Post said
she will prtrrt it ill the next issue of the Slu-
rlenl Voice. If ('orso vetoes it. as lie plans
to do. Council would have to override his
veto. This is unlikely since the resolution
only passed by three votes. | I

Speakers attack US anti-Israeli propaganda

US benefitted from the invasion in Lebanon

 

By Debbie Jud c

.-I.\'S()l'I/I (If NEIO'X I:'l’l UR

 

Stephen Berk's speech Thursday was not
a long one—about the duration of a
Monday-Friday class. A student could have
drawti an outlitte frotii it: an organized
argument supporting the .Ittne I982 Israeli
invasion of Lebanon. Berk appeared
‘tlsllﬂl. his talk marked with a sardonic
litirtior: “While it‘s very dangerous at
times." Berk said. "it’s alwttys exciting to
be Jewish."

Berk. a vis ng professor from Union
College. outlined his impressions of “U.S.
Israeli Relations" to approximately 30 peo-
ple irt the Campus Cetitcr Assembly Hall.
The speech was part of a series sponsored
by .ISC-Iiillel for their Israel Awareness
Week.

Both American and Israeli goals were
“served well" by the June I982 invasion.
Berk triaintained. The PLO‘s military
buildup in southern Lebanon was disengag-
ed. and .Iordan’s King Hussein was brought
to the negotiating table. Southern Lebanon
was eliminated as a traitiitig ground for in-
ternational terrorists. and the military
streiigtlt of the USSR was cotnproitiised; a
direct benefit to the United States.

The priitiary cost of the invasion. Berk
appeared to deliver, was the horrendous
propaganda that “has been a catastrophe
for Israel." For this. Berk said. noting iti-
quircs ittto the ittvasiott and the subsequent
controversy over Israeli Defense Mitiister
Ariel Sharon, “the ‘proverbirtl' ltas ltit the
fan itt tltc state of Israel." Ilc also express-
ed fear of rising ariti-scmitism. and potcti~
tral Ior t,l.S./‘lsi'acl: cortflict of interest.

The issue of Atttcricaii/lsraeli rclatiotis.
Bcr'k said. has "nothing to do with Jews
and Americans." btit with a dortiiriattt
state, a small. strugglingI one; one “under
the grin." and another thousands of miles
away.

Yet according to IIerk the U.S. was a
dire t bettcficiary of the invasion. not
necessarily iii the in 'II of U.S./Israeli rela-
tions Intt of U.S./USSR relations. Willi a
poor show of Russian forec irt hacking the

    

Arabs. “1600 Pennsylvania Ave. is the only
address outside the Middle East that
counts."

"Soviet foreign policy is very wary of
projecting beyond its contiguous borders.
It is prepared to go into Afghanistan. and
Poland." Berk reasoned. “not the Middle
East."

Soviet strength of arms appeared to be
lacking in the cotiflict. Berk noted. Was
this the best the Soviets have to offer? The
Arabs doubt it; but according to Berk, Rus-
.s'inn reports in Pravda and lzvestia found
dct" ‘iencies not in tlie grins themselves btit
iii the Arabs who aimed then. “This
doesn't go dowti well in the Arab world."
Berk noted.

The Middle East. poses special prblems
for the power play of the U.S. and USSR
which has a certittn stability in other areas
of the world. Outside the Middle East.
Berk explained. “We know what is ours
and what is theirs and they know what is
ours and what is theirs."

Within the Middle East. the confttsion
between U.S./USSR spheres of influence
makes "the possrbility of conflict is very
real." Berk said.

Bill it appears to be this preoccupation
with otitside relationships that undermine
U.S./Israeli relations. Coming into 1983.
Berk propliesized that the number of coit-
flicts between the U.S. arid Israel could rise.
primarin over southern Lebatioit. the West
Batik and Gina strip. reflected partially by
the inadequacy of Reagan‘s peace proposal.

"The U.S. fails to perceive the needs of
the Israeli state." Berk said. Rather.
American foreign policy has hinged oit
several assumptions since 1973 which are
rtot rtcc ssrtrily beneficial to relations hct-
wcctt the two countries.

()I' dire interest to the U.S. is the oil'situa»
tion; “tio tttttttcr what happens." Berk
said. ,"Westein Iitirope. .lilDIllI and the
United States must ltave the oil attd the
pctrodollars" from the Middle Eastern
countries. Kissittgcr's nigltttiiarc of “what
if the oil stopped?" became for Berk an it-
lustration of the itiipaet Middle Eastern oil
has on U.S. foreign policy.

 

    

 

woman srour uvs
Prolossor Steven Berk

Propaganda "r1 L'llId.§IflJ/7IIL’ for Israel. "

 

The fear of nuclear escalation was
another factor in U.S. policy which Berk
pointed to as complicating Middle Eastern

rclatiotts. Every aim of U.S. foreign policy,
Berk noted. has been to preclude escalation
of a nuclear exchange.

Any forcigrt policy nianttever by the U.S.
to move Israel ottt of southern Lebanon
would invite conflict. "' ' night follows
day." Berk said. The effect would be new
attacks by the PI () against Israel. iii a
tvord. a situation "back to square one."

By the "Inn: token. the establishment of
an iitdepcttdaiit Palestinian state cottld only
spell trotible for Israel. A Palestinian sttttc
liitkcd with the federation of .Iordati. Berk
reasoned. would gravitate towards becom-
irtg an itidepcndant Palestinian state. This
would be a catasrophe for Arabs as well as
Israelis. Berk said.

Yet Berk rccoiiimetidcd that Israel should
not claim all rights to the controversial
(ta/a strip. Such a ittove would be “neither
morally right nor politically expedient."

Berk ttotcd that “the Palestinian people
Irave been tttoved served poorly over the
years." Bttt although Itc said ltc believed
the Palestinians ltave a rigltt to national
self-dctct'iriiuatioti. lte cantiot see this as he-
iiig justifiable if it is tied to “a program that
calls for the clitnination of Israel." To
allow such a state would atttourit to
“political suicide" for Israel. Berk reason-
ed.

   

   

«3:31. “on. Jodmbmsh in I . :iuﬁklitfyttgipw

 

Anti-semitism rising

 

 

By Mark Hammond
CONTRIHU I'ING EDITOR

 

Israeli Nationttlist Hagai Lev warned his
Albany audience Wednesday night of the
"terrible power of antr—sctnitism spreading
throughout the world."

Lev. executive director of the Herut
Zionists of America rind formerly a close
tilde to Israeli Prime Minister Menachcm
Begin. likened the present situation to the
Nazi reign of terror 40 years ago: “People
are finding many parallel iines between the
present and the Nazi era. There are forces
who want to take us away.

“You are being told Begin is a bigot. But
it's not true. It's a ploy by the media to stop
Atricrican Jews front supporting Israel."
Lev told the predominantly Jewish au-
dience of about 30 in LC 2. "What is unho-
ly is the American media Iryitig to brain-
wash the Aitiericaii public to prejudge the
situation."

Calling the PLO “gangsters arid
murderers." Lev said the PLO “represents
a force and ati ideology to antiiliilate
Israel." The proposal put forth by Arab tia-
tioris to relocate the Palestinian refugees iii
the mountains of .Iutlea and Samaria would
pose "danger for a world eonflagation.”
Lev said.

“If they (Palestinain refugees) are
dumped iii the mountains. there would be
more squalid camps." ch warned such
camps. only 10-15 miles fi'orn Jerusalem.
could ertrpt into a sitttatioti "much like that
lit Southern Lebanon" last summer.
“\‘I’liocvci wants this. wants to destroy
Israel."

Today. about 1.1 million Arabs live iti
Israel. or one-fifth of the population, with
170.000 of tlierii settled on the IIIIIC'mllC
West Bank. according to Lev. He
acknowledged tltc Palestinians Iiave equal
rights to share the territory with the Jews.
“We don‘t want to throw the Arabs out on
the street. We want to live with them."

Begin now ltas offered to accept Arab ini-
migrants itito Israel. Lev said. arid provide
tlierii with all the rights of the Jevyi15h

p

1

 

"Norm-rm

 

 
  

