   

 

.4”:

    

 

' 10 ASPECTS ON Torso/wr—

Hilar' y ’ S
on they have heard her throatyf.
Y breathless voice. singing and'
speaking her songs from the radio
tuned to a local dial. You may have thought
to yourself that Marianne Faithful had col-v
laborated with Prince to create another sug-
gestively obscene. pop rock hit. You may
eyen have thought. with a title like "Dropi
Your Pants." that Prince had perfected his
falsetto. Wrong. And if you haven't heard
.her yet, you will. because Hilary Is going to
be popular very, very quickly.

Lisanne Sokolowski

Hilary Is a Los Angeles native. who
migrated to study music in England. and has‘
returned to the States with a four‘song debut
EP called Kinetic. Combining early pop in-
fluences like The Beatles and Rolling Stones!
with a pulsing. Catchy synthesizer backup.
she Is a refreshing change In female vocalists.
Hilary's approach to her songs Is never
heavy-handed. The vocals sweep from the
sung to the spoken. interpreting moods and
lyrics with a finesse and humour that never
falls into that dangerously feminine label of
"cute".

This Is no Claire from Altered Imagesmor
an electro-rock Patti Smith. “I'm ap-
proaching my career as an actress who writes
and performs music." says Hilary. She writes
her songs. plays her synthesizers and soundsi
comfortably in control of her art. For the
recording of Kinetic. Hilary collaborated with
Steve Hague (former keyboardist from Rlcil
Ocasek's Beatltude album). The two met In
mid-1982. and the Kinetic EP is the end
result of a successful partnership Except for
the selflwrltten song "Goose Step.’I Hilary
combined her efforts with Hague on both the
songs and the synthesized backups.

The four songs on Kinetic are all In-
dividually excellent. The first to receive local
airplay has been “Drop Your Pants." With a
chorus like “Drop your pants/Around your

 

   

deliver." Hilary attacks the still prevalent
puritanical attitudes to America of the '80's.
The blatant. clear vocals. combined with a
simple. pop-[sh melody. try to tear down the
negativistlc perspectives of sex and approach
it with frank honesty.

Earlier In the year the EP's title cut,

 

ankles/You make me shiver/When you

"Kinetic" became a hit In NYC's dance clubs

 

chriekback

Music

(he band Shreikback Is the libera-
l tion of several of New Wave‘s more
well-known figures. and the album
Care is their manifesto. Obscured for years
by dominant frontmen. Dave Allen, former
bass man for the Gang of Four; Barry An«
drews. that shadowy figure lurking around In
Xtc; and Carl Marsh of Out on Blue Six
fame. have united to purge themselves of
rages accumulated during their tenures as
creatively repressed backups. The resulting
album is gripping and Intense. at times
moody and usually highly Innovative.

Ben Gordon

Shreikback music (there Is no better
nomenclature for this mix of styles and in»
fluences) begins deep in the studio. where an
insistent, unique percussion line Is laid
down. Here, the rhythm instruments trans~
cend their traditional roles as anchors and
become the foundation of each song. From
there, the vocals play off the beat In a sort of
Yin and Yang relationship, each capable of
dominating or supplanting the other. As or-
naments are to a tree. keyboard
embellishments are added, along with occa-
sional guitar licks or special effects. But tradi-
tional stylistic musical arrangements remain
Isparse, and the result is truly unique, albeit
somewhat limited.

, But Is this an appropriate application of
talent and ideas? Certainly. style and form
limitations have a habit of boxing their
originators Into intellectual vaccuums when It
comes time for a followup. Willi Shrelkhack,
the mernbers' newlound creative freedom

they arguably went ovc
to play around »—- witness the song

 

a have been slightly overwhelming. and
m y rboard with a desire, But with airplay coining only from Lin

"My, Brehmcr and some of the college stations. It
(Spine is the Bassline.” But as the group ‘ rests with you to Search this one out. I,

realizes that freedom requires responsibility.
and as the accumulated frustrations of earlier
career years are worked off, an increasing
maturity should discipline Shriekback's l
choices of material. _ I

As with anything experimental. the forms‘
utilized by the group are Imposing upon first-
listening, and it takes a while to get on friend-|
ly terms with the record. but it's Worth it. First
to catch on Is probably "Lined Up," the
single from the album. With time. however.
the listener will become more and more imA
rnersed. New textures continue to creep up;
insights into the lyrics steadily emerge.
For the record, nothing here Is particularly
like anything that these artists have done
before. The closest reference point Is the
Gang of Four, but the sources of
Shriekback‘s music are global and historical.

Perhaps the best thing about Slueikbaclt is
their refusal to fall into the now-traditional
vices of synth-rock: cold. unfeeling textures.
mechanical hooks and passionless vocals.
Moments of lyrical pretentiousness pop up
occasionally, and are most unwelcome, but
the rest of the lyrics reveal people with
discernable personalities and tastes. And
where this does not occur. it seems as if to
prove a point: the theme of alienation Is ap-
parently another strong influence on the
group members' personalities.

if it were only fascinating as a study of new
musical forms and techniques. then Carr.-
would be able to hold one‘s attention. But if
‘ radio and the dance club circuit give It the at-
tention It deserves. then the album could go
farther. The insistent beat of songs like "Lin-
ed Up," and bass notes that could flip a
Volkeswngon, combine in what Is one of the
most powerful debut statements of the year.

 

 

Vinyl Viewer

ObscenePOP

  

 

ﬁ. OCTOBER 4, 1983

 

 

and was named “Screamer of the Week" by
the New York radio station WLIR. It shows
best the full range of her talents. The music ls
light. danceable. but never out of skilled con-
trol. Sure. you can, after listening to It, ac-
cuse Hilary of being another dance-pop ar-
tist. But the fact remains that whatever her

Rck

handles it very. very well.
My favorite cut Is on the second side of
Kinetic. called “I Live." The message is clear
that we all create our own reality, no matter
how ordinary or standard It Is. Even the or.
dlnary Is profound because It Is created again
-and again. day after day. Hague Joins I iiiury
on backup vocals. a sweet. madrical blun-
dlng that soft touches lhe message: “I live In
a house/Of my own making/Say what tn...
,will."
“Goose Step" Is the final cut oil the lul’
Hilary slips Into the classic English Iliiiltl oi
writing about social/class awareness - tint,
(time on the inevitable creeping of facism Iltttr
universal society. It is graphic and attention
getting. but certainly not designed for u
popular audience.

Still. three hot cuts out of four Isn't had for
a young'woman‘s first EP release. And Wllllt'
synthesized pop runs the risk of stifling Its
(own creativity. I don't think Hilary has to
worry. From these rough cuts there may just
lurk a diamond In the future.

(Speaking of diamonds in the rough)

On the locally~released label Biotin
Records comes an entirely new sound from
ex-Dranes and Outpatients lead slnger,liilly
Harrlgan. New Shiny Things is a group our
' sisting of Harrigan. Sara Ayers on keyboards
and vocals. and additional keyboards by
Richard Fuller and Art Snay (of Arebcilum
Studios in Albany).

The 45 release is "Changing Colors" h w
“Breadlines and Dissidence.” The sound r.
'elecironlc. and Harrlgan. whose ptilctlllrrlll,‘
Incredible vocals have been too long alum-ii
doing hard-core offensive music. Comes Ilil‘i
his own. There is nothing on the vocal st’t'in'
today to compare to "Changing Colors"
The record is a credit to lUCrtlly~liititltttr'il
music. and can be found at any record stoic
in the downtown area. if you're curioul. to
hear Harrigan's hypnotic vocals Ilw. flit i,
also try to catch his newly-formed inn 1
“Operation Pluto," You'll be Immni .

 

musical style leans towards, Hilary still

yourself as well as local music.

 BY RA. HAYES

 

 
  

WHAT‘S ALL THE

 
 
  

- cxc lTEMENT, NURSE WRENCH.

  
     

TWO OF OUR MENTAL
PATIENTS HAVE ESCAPED.’
gig/EDISOEIEIK EASTY. THE
i
Sscumrr. 05F TAL

 
 
 
    
 
    

      

i: ‘

iii: v

 

DON'T WORR
GETTING Ail/Aqigow THEM
DOCTOR FOUND.

    

 

THE LOONEY HASNT BEEN
BORN THAT CAN GET BY
ME. DON‘T YOU w RRY,

ILL FIND THEM,

   

If"! ﬁrst“:
"Ali/lit“).

 

 

 

 

 

 

The University production
ten by Tennessee Williams

'Saturday October 15. ‘

 

 

tonight through Saturday, October 8.
Also, The Woolgatherer, directed by Peter Bennett. Wi“
be playing at the PAC from Tuesday October 11 until

of The Glass Menagerle, writ-
wlIl be playing at the PAC

 

’ of view — the analytical. the emotional and

 

air/behind my back I can see them
(mind/they'll hurt me bad. they do It all the ,

 

OCTOBER 4. 198’

 

A Woman’s Pri

ape Is one of the most difficult

words to define. for there exist so

many myths and lies about It.
Society perpetuates myths such as “all
women want to be raped." "rape is en-
loyabie to a woman once she relaxes," etc.
These myths are heaved at the public
through such media as pornography and
literature. and legitimized by so~called ex-
perts such as Freud, who claimed that
women want to be raped. for that Is how
they become sexual beings.

Ken Dombaurn

On Wednesday night, September 27. a
showing of the film Primal Fear (Mourlr 0
Tue Tete) evoked shock. anger and terror
from a mostly female audience. Made by
Anne-Claire Poirter and produced by the
National Film Board of Canada. the film ts
about the rape of a young Quebecolse
woman named Suzanne and her emotional
numbness she experiences after the rape.
Yet the film was more than lust a story. lt'
was an indictment of the patriarchal society
which hates and controls women by
mutilatlng their bodies. by sexual and
physical assault. and by belittling such
prevalent pornography.

Primal Fear Is an outstanding film shot In
three modes of realities: that of the victim
Suzanne. that of the filmmaker. and that of
another dimension: the history and subse-
quent enforcement of violence against
women.

All this means that there were three points

 

the historical '— which combined create a
persuasive argument that rape is not a “sex
crime." These aspects are Interwoven within
the texture of the film, so as to portray the
total destructive forces of rape.

The film opens with women of all ages and
races Identifying their rapists, bringing im-
mediately a polarized feelings of terror and

The story line then follows the victim
Suzanne. a nurse. who left her shift one
night at the hospital and proceeded to walk
down the dark streets when she was grabbed
by her assailant. who placed a knife at her
throoat and proceeded to force her Into the
back of his van a few yards away. What
follows next Is a most graphic scene of her

ft m.

Throughout the rape scene the audience
sees only the rapist; we are witnessing the
rape through Suzanne's eyes. When he
strikes her. the screen is blackened. We only
hear her cries of fright and pain. drowned
out by his incessant mlsogynous comments.
like "You'll pay for the others. slut." "l'll
show you why you're here. fucking cunt"
and “You and your dirty female body."

The rapist, a young. average-looking
man, binds Suzanne with rope Into a spread-
eagle position and then proceeds to rip off
her clothing with a knife, Hts sadistic actions

full view of the camera and then penetrates
her forcefully.

This scene easily could have been por-
nographic. as rape scenes are prevalent In
pornographic. as well as other films. The on-
ly difference is that the reaction of the victim
is a lie. As evidenced In this movie. no
woman would ever consent to such torture
and degradation. No woman could receive
pleasure from rape.

The film continues by giving various
background to this particular story (based on
'truth). as the two filmmakers discuss the rape
scene, commenting that men who had seen
It were sexually aroused.

One of the most disturbing moments of
the film was old footage of an African tribal
ritual: a clitorectomy where a young girl has
her sex organs mutilated by a knife. Another
was an imaginary confrontation with a male
(judge. who represents I re patriarchal

 

solidarity.

establishment and hundreds of victims of

Sound and Vision

rape —— one that was disturbing and .
revolting. yet all the more Important to the
l ,

continue when he urinates on his victim in'

3592ch on TUESDAY t1 '

 

1

' r .

rape. Despite t elr appeals. he quotes from
Quebec law defining rape. and we see how
unfeellng. unsympathetic and belittling the
law Is to victims of rape.

Between these flashes of different realities.
the audience witnesses the further degrada-
tion of Suzanne by various police and
hospital employees. One police officer asks
Suzanne why the rape lasted so long. Subse-
quently. she returns home to her somewhat
sympathetic but Impatient boyfriend Pierre.
who at first relays his sympathy. but In a
short span of time demands her body, which
he views as his possession. Without the pro-
per support. and with the isolation and
society-generated feelings of humiliation and
shame, Suzanne sinks into a valley of
depression. fear and self-hatred. As evidenc-
ed by the tone of the film and attitudes of
society. blame is fixed upon the victim for
violent. aggressive acts over which she had
no control.

Feeling as she does. Suzanne commits

 

a _, 

  
     

suicide. as the narration of the film points out
that she died during the rape and only her
vital organs kept her alive. Her will to live
was stolen by the rapist. There are Just some
things you can never overcome.

One message conveyed In the film Isthat a
rape is the total destruction of the woman
and everything Inclusive. Like an antique
vase shattered Into millions of pieces which
can be glued together. there will always be
cracks. or profound wounds. which change
the structure of the woman.

In conclusion, this flawless film
demonstrates that rape Is a reality and a ter-
rorizing of women. Although many rapes do
not encompass the Intense violence that
Suzanne's did. such acts of aggression and
brutality do Indeed exist. and are ignored.
belittled. or. Worst of all. looked upon as the
fault of the victim. Showing this makes this
film especially Important. Primal Fear should
be viewed by everyone. Maybe its impact
would change society for the better. Cl

 

 

A Lyrical Look At Gano’s Music

ey Brian." Gordon yelled over the
Hblartng music, "Do you want to
play bass for me tomorrow at the
National Honor Society awards ceremony?"

"Sure, why not," answered Brian.

The crowd loved them — Gordon Gano
In his three-piece suit and Brian ln ripped
denlms. As the story goes, the audience
went absolutely berserk and Gordon. In
retribution. got thrown out of the Honor
Society. Later. Victor DeLorenzo )olned the
band and they set out on their Intra-
Mllwaultee tour of local streetcorners (they
have been known to play everywhere from
movie lines to drugstore fronts). While play-
lng to the amusement of fans waiting for a
Pretenders concert. domes Irinneyman-Scoti

(l’retenders' guitarist) enjoyed their act so
much, he invited them to open for them at
that evening's perfoinnniri' And so goes
"the legend of the Vitilt'lll Fortunes."
Michael Greenfield

 first fourrsongs are so strong that l

wondered if the llipsidc could live up to it.
“Blister In the Sun" sets the pace and overall
theme of Violent Fenimcs — a satirical look
at male egocentrism.

"When I'm out walking, I strut my
stuff/Yeah, and I'm so strung out. . .let me
go on like I blister In the sun. . ."

"Kiss Off" Is a much more impressive
song. with a hook that could snag even the
warlest of listeners. Gano begins the batting
process during this cut. We indulge In his
dramatic self-pity: ". . .I take one. one. one
'cause you ' me/and two. two. two for my
family/and three, three. three for my hear-
taches/and four, four. four for my
headaches. . .." We revel In his abrasive
reponse: “. . .you can alllust kiss off intothe

stare/they'll hurt me bad but I don't

time. . ." From here on. Gano can do no
wrong.

 

 

 

 

sit.

The lyrics are often harsh and unusublly
blunt. giving the songs an uncommonly
poetic “stream of consciousness" that
separates the Violent Femmes from other ar-V
tists who conjure up feelings of lost loves and'
other frustrating life experiences.

Gano Is a genius of emotional expression.
He whimpers. he whispers, he yells. and he
cries. He leaves no vocal Inflectlon unex-
plored. The music becomes alive — each cut
seems like a one-act performance.

The Song "Add It Up" is an ardent dlplay
of male heterosexual behavior: "Why can't I
just get one screw/why can't I lust get one
screw/believe me I'd know what to do/but
something won't let me make love to

 

 

get angry and I will say/that the day Is In my
sight/when I'll take a bow and say good-

night. . .'

And angry he Is. Gano has no qualms
about revealing his utter frustration with life
and the pain that accompanies it: “Just last
night I was reminded of )ust how bad it had
lgotten/and )ust how sick i had become. . ,
the croons in “Provo My Love". In the cut
i“PromIse." he asks, "Do you know what It's‘
like to hate/when It's way down deep“
'Inslde./Oh, God. l hate what's been done to
my life. . ."

"Gone Daddy Gone" and "Good Feeling"
make up the final leg of this musical
1 penance. The first Is about the loss of —- yes.

you stay with me/iust a little longer./lt
always seems like you're leaving when I
need you here/Just a little longer. . ."

The music of the Violent Femmes is an in-
genius collaboration of sounds from the 60's,
70's and 80's. The inﬂuences of such great
artists as Lou Reed and Jonathan Richmond
are evident. but not so overpowering as to
steal from the Femmes' originality. Basically,
their sound is a combination of the solid,
twangy bass from the fingers of Brian Rit-
chie, and the marching snare drum rythms
of Victor Delonenzo. The key to their suc-
cess. though. has to go to the distinctively
harsh vocals of singer-songwriter Gordon
Gano.

The Violent Femntes Is one of the hottest
records of l‘Jhlli. no doubt. On October 5,
(that's tomorrow) they will be at the Chateau
vLounge to downtown Albany Opening for
.ith will be the Verge, who recently releas-
ed an El) entitled “l labltual." which has for
lunater received a good deal of attention at
major college stations lit the northeast.
especially here at SUNYA's WCDB. The
most successful songs on the EP are
"Understand" and "Hypocrisy." Like the
Violent Femmes, they are a three-man-
band: Tom Rclla, guitar and lead vocals.
Torn Murray. bass and vocals. and W??? on
drums. Their live performances are loud. fast
and full of honest energy.

Back in the summer, 1 saw them at the
Rock Against Reaganomics benefit. Lying on
the stage before them was a wreath used to

‘commemorate the death of soldiers on

Memorial Day. During one 'of their songs,
Tom Murray stoppped playing. grabbed the
wreath and began to rip it to shreds. They
‘are an angry band with some really pov'verful

. statements to get across to their listeners. it's

too bad their lyrics are so hard to decipher
on the EP. and their vocals are usually
drowned out by the overwhelming bass dur-

Ing their shows. Nevertheless, If you “Add It

 

 

you. . ." He plays this primordial desire off E90“ QUSWd ll — a high acMOI love. The let-'

another. that of anger: “. . .day after day/l

. .... , .  ..s.. ........... ... ._

ter speaks for Itself: “Good feeling. won't

.. .2. .....‘.-....._1.z. .unmvrv

_Up," this Is a show not to be missed.
f‘Understandi" Cl

 

.. M... ... ,

