 

 

 

 

' do Asregrs .

  
  

 o rees“"'“'

  

...ii4

 ‘ Sm...  some“... F

vi sauntered out of the hut. croon-
Ing. “We're havin' some fun. here at

Lake Naivasha." Gazing esotertcally'
out at Mount Longenot. a dull. .dark shape

looming in. the distance over the grassy
plains. David replied. “yup. yup. yup. yup."

 

Brother Innocent

It was only David's third day in Kenya. A
week earlier. he had been sitting at home.

 

drinking beer. watching the Mets ruin yet»

another season. and thinking about how
pleasant it would be to spend the entire sum-
mer doing nothing else. But one phone call
from Uganda ended all that,
“Dave. wanna meet me In Nairobi?"
"Uh. okay.. What do I need to bring?"
“I don’t know  .T-shfrts and pens:
you can trade them for souvenirs. "-
"No. l I mean passports, shots.
money . . .f"»
"Yeah. whatever. I gotta go. I’ll be at
the Nairobi youth hostel on Thursday.
Bye." \ ‘
'Two days In London. where he spent
most of his money. one night at the New
Florida club In 'Natrobl. where he spent the
rest. and there he was. on the threshhold of
ascending his first volcano.

’ They chuckled. Never failed.

"How 'bout some bee?" Avi offered.
“Don’t we have to go soon?" came the ner~
vous reply.

He saw David staring. “Nah. it's not that
far away." A vicious giggle wafted back as he
disappeared into the hut.

It had really been a stroke of genius for
him to remember the frisbee moments before
leaving for the airport. When that disc sliced
through the air —v be it in a few Innings of
"fris~hock" on Long Island or “Jetty-bee" on
the windy shores of the lndtan Ocean —— it
opened up a world which only Its secret
sharers could grasp. It certainly wouldn’t
make much sense to anyone else:

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

"The Leaper."

"Kid Catch."

"Zooming like Godzilla."

“Ned Notoofunny."

"Dr. Tosso."

“Oh yeah. you wanna bet!”

"A hundred aykahs ’o mashed
potatahas."

There's nothing like a little bee and a few
Chemistry Classics to bring a touch of home
wherever you might be. north or south of the
equator. But with the dull green ring of
peaks topping Mount Longenot threatening
the corner of his eye. David could not quell
his apprehension. An excursion with AvI
always signalled an invitation to misadven-

Love Etc. ’

en and women. Love. Friendship.
One night stands. Marriage.
“folding hands. holding feelings.

Divorce Compromise. Lust. Sex.
Touching. Making love.

 

Rina Young

With how many of these random thoughts
can we Identify? Already l have gotten the
reader's attention. it is our private and public
affair with the mysteries of the heart. it seems
like destiny. if we In fact believe in destiny.
for two people to fall in love. share their lives

together. and live happily ever alter. At least ‘

our parents were told so. it seems. though.
that getting there is half the battle.

Blind dates. double dates. parties. college.
How do we meet the one person In our lives
to which we will devote so much energy and
passion that it will surpass every other
tl‘ought or action. Sometimes It seems like
such a random effort. yet other times the
amount of planning that goes Into the first
kiss is enough to make the nuclear defense
system seem like a mere pittance of strategic
effort.

l'vetalked to both men and women about
this and have recteved many similar
responses on the subject. The planting and
nurturing of a relationship Is such an Intricate
process that sometimes it makes one wonder

’how things ever get off the ground. Yet they
inevitably do. One friend of mine had been
involved In a relationship for over a year.
The commitment lasted across the distance.
for she was here. and he was there. 200
miles away. It began one summer and con-
tinued Into the next year. The following sum-
mer they were not together. and as time
passed them by. so did the relationship. He
stopped calling her. She kept trying to reach
him. wondering what had happened. He
never' called back.

One might wonder why he never called
back. and why she kept putting in the effort
for so much frustration that was thrown back
In her face. Logically. she should have realiz-

 

ed that he did not want her any longer. and
leave it at that. Logic is one of the few things
that rarely falls within the matrix of a relation-
ship. And so emotions freely fly. sometimes
without any rational explanation. The pieces
are never so shattered that they can't be put
back into place. only this time with a little
more glue to hold together the pain. anger.
experience. and learning.

Life goes on. and once again my friend
was Immersed in the dating scene. An awful
place to be If your heart isn't with you. But
for the present. It was a place for my
friend to build back up her ego. She didn't
feel the need to replace what she once had.
but wanted instead to experience a wide
variety of people. There Is always the
‘tendency to practice the art of self defense
during this process. Yet slowly. the guard
that was up so high was lowered. but never
quite dropped. In the beginning you meet
new people. date. compare. and discover.
it's not easy. Almost everyone you meet
reminds you of what you once had. And
then the fog clears out. and you can see that
person for who he ls.

These days. finding that special “so—
meone” has become a commercial business.
in this modern world of fast romance and
faster sex. it's easy to lose your balance.
Keeping one step ahead of someone to
whom you’ve developed an Interest in is part
of the fun of the game. Surprise them. for
people love surprises. Howaver. there are
still some old rules which are hard to break.

My friend decided that It wastime to take
things In her own hands. namely. the
phone. She wasn’t going to sit at home twid-
dling her thumbs until Mr. Right decided to

sweep her off her feet. At first. It was hard. V

She found that men's egos are fragile. and
It's not'so easy for a woman pull a switch on
them by making the first move. It's a bit like
first licking the envelope. and then putting
the stamp down. it works. but it takes a bit of
getting used to.

Once .you‘ do meet someone. and
something clicks. you wonder how to keep It

ture. Between the two lifelong friends there
was barely enough responsibility and com-
mon sense to flush the toilet after It had been
used. For a night in the Village or a road trip
to Ithaca It could be a lot of fun. but to be
meandering about a country In which every
glass of unboiled water could be your last.
which Would be In the throes of a coup d'etat
In a mere three weeks. where Woody Allen
and Rod Serllng were not household wordsl
After living on stale bread. canned
margarine. tomatoes and rainwater for two
days. one could not be unsympathetic to
David’s concerns.

With the sight of the volcano. and some

 

barely Intelllgible advice from a native about

 

 

' risbee N‘

a dirt path that led from the main road right
up to the peak. to guide them. Avi and
David packed themselves Into the first

Matatu which did not necessitate their stan- -~ .

ding on the bumper and hanging on to the
roof In order to get a ride_. Another agonizing
ride in one of these small vans brought them
to a small ,dirt path off the main road which
headed off towards the volcano. A mile or so
later. standing amidst a network of corn and
barbed wire. it became apparent (to their
chagrin) that this particular path did not quite
lead to the peak. Or to the base. for that mat—
ter.

"Uh oh." David broke the Ice.

"Fehl" Avt replied. He began picking his
way between field and fence. heading in the
general direction of the mountain.

“Wait a minute — where 'ya going?"

"Come on."

"What are you. crazy (god. look who I'm
askingl)? How about we go back and find the
right path. huh? Buddy? Chum? Pal 'o
mine?" ‘

Don’t be an Idiot. The mountain is right in
front of us — we can't miss it. Come on!"

“it's not the mountain I'm worried about.
What about the guy who put up the barbed
wire. Wh probably has us In the sights of his
gun this very second." This would have been
nearly impossible. since the two were
already walking through the corn. which

leasily masked their presence. “He's probably
'got packs of lions. rhinos. hyenas and

vultures combing his land. trained to kill as
painfully as possible any . . ." he broke off.
Joining In his companion's laughter. Like the
ritual of the frisbee. the laughter they shared
gave the two friends something beyond the
here and now which they could rely on.
Even If they eluded the gunsights of the craz-
ed landowner and his packs of guard rhinos
and vultures. they could not for long escape
the mlschievious clutches of fate. which had
already dragged them off their chosen path.
and into the cornfield of the unknown.
But it just didn't matter.

DECEMBER 2, 19583

 

   

f,

s J/ﬁ
htllV/{l

r.
lira.
it ’I’ Iii/ii; i.

//
l

l
/
 l' l i,
ll] 

lJI‘  

 

 

 

flowing. if i hold his hand. will he run away?

the right times? is there something caught in
my teeth? Many similar questions poured out
of my friend's mouth.

Bars and discos are fun places to go with
friends to have a good time. Maybe even
meet an interesting person with whom you
can share a few bits of information. it has
been found for the most part by many peo-
ple. that the "pick—up." although effective. Is
very rarely long term. One begins to wonder
where In fact we can meet someone. and
/ when will It happen to me? So we wait and
hope. lose hope. give up hope. go to sleep.
Or we roll with the punches. take the good
with the not so good. and keep plucking
away. The eternal optimist continued to live
within my friend.

it seems that these types of stories are
destined to leave us more alone than before.
depending upon what state of coupledness
that we are in. or would like to be In.

 

However. this story is to have a happy en-

Am i talking too much. too little. laughing at’

 

ding. For after meeting many new people. at
parties. around the dorm. and in her classes.
she met someone one night while out danc-
Ing. At first glance. he didn't look to be her
type. But then she remembered that the last
man who looked to be her type. wasn't.
Besides what Is a type anyhow? She asked
him to dance right at the moment he was
about to ask her. By the look on his face. she
had. taken him by surprise. it was a small
start. The first song that was played was a
slow dance. so they decided to talk and get
to know each other better. Then they danc-
ed. and talked some more. They exchanged
numbers. She called him. and he called her.
The following week they arranged to meet
again. and he said that he had a surprise for
her. On their first date ever. she wondered
what It could be. After great anticipation.
and much to her delight. she found what it
was; banana. blueberry. coconut bread.
Homebaked by him. for her.

The story doesn't end here, the plot line ls '

still being written.

   

 

     
    
     

   
   
   
     

      
     
    
     
  

 

   

   

DECEMBER 2/1983 '

 

1 '7 anti Is the fruition of a seed that

~ had been implanted in 1968 when

Barbra Streisand read Isaac
Beshevis Singer's twenty-page short story
"Yentl. the Yeshiva Boy" while promoting
her motlon'ptcture debut in Funny Girl. She
recalls. "i was absolutely captivated and
charmed by it. it called my agent and told
him i Just found my next film."

Ian Spelling

—I-n any event. It took fifteen years before
Streisand would be given the opportunity to
realize her fantasy of making Yentl into a
major motion picture. During the years after
Funny Girl. she became Barbara Streisand.
Superstar. As a singer. her albums sold In
the millions; as an actress. she succeeded In
such films as Hello Daily. The Way We
Were. A Star Is Born. and The Main Euent..

Realizing that they had a bankable star.
United Artists finally decided to finance Yentl
for Streisand. in order to do Justice to the
project. Streisand felt that she had to take full
control. To this end. United Artists agreed to
allow her to write. produce. direct and star in
Yentl. Thus. Streisand became the first

woman in film history to perform all four of.

these tasks.
in a time when a woman was considered a
demon if she studied the Talmud. there lived
a young girl called Yentl. This girl question-
ed everythlng. and turned to her loving
father for the answers. A wizened and
respected Jewish scholar. the father always
. had an answer which would lead to another
question from his Inquisitive daughter.
Following the death of her beloved
"Papa." Yentl concluded that she must con-
tinue her studies at a yeshlva (a Jewish
parochial school). Blocking her path.
however. was the fact that yeshlvas were ex~
clusively for boys'. Therefore. she cut her
lengthy locks of hair. bound her breasts. put
on a pair of spectacles. and passed herself off
as "Anshel." a humble student.

P...

Streisand’ s'One Mar; Show

 

 

During her travels she meets 'up' with a
handsome and friendly young man named
Avigdor. who convinces her (thinking she Is
a he) to Join him at a respected boys yeshlva.
Before being allowed to become a student at
the yeshlva. Yentl must endure a question
and answer session with the Rabbi. After
passing with flying colors. Yentl and Avigdor
quickly become the best of friends.

As Yentl slowly falls in love with Avigdor.
he prepares to marry the beautiful Hadass.
who fulfills his every need (as a good Jewish
girl was expected to in 1904). Unfortunately.
Hadass' father discovers a disgraceful secret
concerning Avigdor's family and forbids his
daughter to marry the man she loves.

While sitting In a corner sulklng. Avigdor's
face suddently brightens and his eyes
sparkle. He has figured out a way to be close
to both his friend and former fiancee: An-
shel. he declares. must marry Hadass.
Following the wedding. Anshel and Hadass
are locked into a room with the blessing that
a child be born to them In nine months.

 

 

 

 

 

might expect.

even some of the humor seen In Tootsie.

ting. angle and shadow.

 

 

her father —— Does he still love her? Is she do-
ing the right thing?- As the song starts. Strei-
sand softly focuses on Yentl's tears. then

path around Yentl until only the stars in the
sky are visible. The camera then slowly pulls
away from the shadowy. lone figure and

conclusion. Add to this vision the wonderful
music and it becomes a stunningly effective
scene. -

Streisand does not dominate the screen.
despite being In nearly every scene. She
allows. In her capacity a writer and director.
the other two members of the love~triangle to
have their moments of glory. too. As
Avigdor. Mandy Pantikln creates a warn and
honest man who Is devoted to both his
religion and his fiancee. He has that rare
ability to make one smile when he does and
feel for him when he cries. Amy lrving por-
trays the confused. but nonetheless loyal.
Hadass with a knowledgable silence; her
eyes communicate all that need be said. Not
to be forgotten of course. Is the performance
of Streisand herself in the title role. She em-
bodies the heroine/hero with a tenacity

 

Cap Rep’ s Musical Debut»

apital Repertory Company. Albany's

resident Equity theatre company. is

currently presenting their first
musical at their home. the Market Theatre.
The play they have chosen is Happy End. a
collaboration of Bertolt Brecht and Kurt Weill
(they also did Three Penny Opera). and there
in lies their mistake. First. let me say that
Capital Rep has given this area some of its
finest theatre-over the past few years. in-
cluding such classics as Table Manners. new
plays like The Homesteaders and Feathers
and brilliant adaptations like last season’s
Frankenstein. But In taking on Happy End.
[In afraid they bit off more than they could

ew.

 

l egan Gray Taylor

M

Set In Chicago in 1919. Happy End Is the
tory of Salvation Army star “HalleluJa LII"
ho loses her heart to Chicago's toughest
angster. Bill Cracker. Lil attempts to turn the
3'19 away from the wages of sin by preaching
' sermon to them in the beer hall. but In her
nthusiasm winds up alone with Cracker sing-
g a vernacular song to make her point. She
turn winds up In disfavor with the Army.
nd ls dismissed. The story is not unique and
8 often black humor characteristic of Brecht

nd Weill is lost in this mostly slap—stick pro-
uction.

    
  
   

One of the major problems with the produc-
lon is a technical one, the stage Is just too
mail for a twenty member cast to fit comfor-
al’lIt. Staging around poles. so the slapstick
ust doesn't work. Director Peter Clough. one
l "‘9 Producing director's of the company.
emed unsure whether to make this a broad
laPsttck comedy. or to play up the almost sur~
ealistic qualities of some of the dialogue.
hat we are given Is a hodge—pndge of Baby
ace shadow boxing and often being hit. and a
llei of rather striking lights—out. llgltlS'Oii
ores of the cast-to mark a time passage l
lnlt if one or the other approach had been
tinsistently applied] would not how felt that

  

' the play was on a see-saw between well and

poorly done scenes.

The second major problem is that the vbcal
range necessary for the songs is JllSl not there.
Kate Kelly. who returns to CRC after a year
and a half off (in which time she gave birth to a
)eautiful baby girl). is “Hallelujah Lil." and
although at times she really captured the
devout Salvation Army lass who is falling for
this fallen man. more often i felt she was just
speaking lines that had very little meaning for
1er. Unfortunately (and I'm told this was most~
.y because of technical difficulties that led to
excessive last minute rehearsal) her voice was
not of the calibre to deliver one of the most
famous and moving songs of the play
"Durabay Johnny." and during her rendition
of "The Sailor's Tango" she seemed more
concerned with keeping her hat on than keep-
ing her heart in the song.

The handsome gangster. Bill Cracker. is ad
mirably played by Richard Council. whom
many of you will remember from his outstan-
ding performance In last year's Frankenstein.
Council. who has appeared In the Broadway
productions of The Philadelphia Story. The
Royal Family and Sherlock Holmes. brings a
wonderful old movie quality to this gangster
gone soft over a Salvation Army dame. His
performance is one of the redeeming factors of
the production.

The finest performance in Happy End was
turned in by Michael Hume who plays a
member of the gang. Dr. Naknmura. Hume’s
makeup was superb. but more than that he

managed to acquire the mannerism's of an
oriental. as well as a speech pattern that would
pass in the best Hollywuod version. Hume.
who appeared in the company's season
opener. The Glass Mc'nagt'riu (to great critical

 

 

 

acclaim) also appeared in Frankenstein as the
tormented doctor. In Tfll’fll/IU and In A Street
Car Named Desire His voice. although not
that strong. was optimized by a character
sense that carried the music. an ability that was
missing elsewhere in the cast.

 

 

The weakest links in the performance were

 

 

Adam LcFevre as Baby Face and James

  

 

Goodwin Rice as The Reverend. Le Fevre will
be a familiar face to all those who have seen
John Sayle's The Return of the Secaucus
Seuen (he was the musician who scored with
his best friend's ex). LeFevre seemed
awkward on stage and his movements as the
pugilistically obsessed Baby Face were a con-
tinual distraction to the rest of the perfor-
mances. Rice. who is a familiar face to CRC
fans. seemed unsure of Just what kind of ac-
cent he was trylng to render; In fact. it was well
Into the first act before I finally realized it was
supposed to be a southern drawl.

The only voice really up to the Weill score
was that of Gloria Hodes.‘wlio plays the
femme-fatale leader of the gang. The Fly.
Hodes has appeared at The Metropolitan
Opera Company. as well as having won an
Ohio and a Theatre World Award for her pnr-
tmyal nf Bertie in the hit musical The Club.

Given the small stage of CRC. set designer
Ray Recht did an Ingenious job of creating a
rotating set that allowed a rapid switch from
Bill's Beer Hall to the Salvation Army Mission.
Recht was an Associate Designer of the
Broadway hit Woman n/the Year as well as
the art director on films such as Amityville-ll.

Giving away any more details would be
unfair and confusing. for Streisand does not
produce the pet and predictable ending one

Viewing Yentl reminds one of several
other movie extravaganzas. It has the beauty
of Lawrence of Arabia. the grandeur of Dr.
Zhiuago. the ability to elicit emotions with
music such as The Sound a] Music, and

With this effort. Streisand has proven
herself to be a director's director. Every
scene is a showcase of color. lighting. cut-

There Is one particular sequence early on
which sets the stage for the beauty and onto
tional honesty that are to follow. Shortly
after her father dies. Yentl sits alone In the »
woods with a single candle as the only
source of light. She begins to sing a song to

moves the camera In an upward. circular

fades to black while the song comes to its I

 

 

 

Although somewhat less than Imaginative. the

which Is contagious. Yentl becomes a ﬂesh
and bones character worthy of the
audience's sympathy.

Despite these engrossing performances.
the one that remains etched In the mind is
that of Nehemiah Persoff. as Yentl's father.
He is the father we all wish we had: loving.
:pen and compassionate. During his few
.noments on the screen onocan actually feel
the enJoyment and richness he receives from
and adds to life. '

Yentl is a very good motion picture which
.5 enhancedby marvelous performances and
gorgeous photography. Regardless. It is not
without Its flaws. The music Is beautiful to
listen to. but it becomes very confusing for
the audience when StreISand'mouths one
part of a song but not the other. Had she
mouthed the songs entirely or used them on«
ly as thoughts it would have been satisfac-
toryrunforiunately. the odd transitions are
not acceptable to either the eyes or the ears.
Also. because there are thirteen songs (one
of which is sung three times) the film often
goes off-track and is slowed down.

The settings in the film are like a small pre-
sent placed In a large gift wrapped box

. covered with all of the most expensive trim-
mings available. Even the poorest family
owns the finest furniture. clothing and dinner
sets. Although this may sound like overln-
:lulgence on Streisand's part. it is not. simply
:ecause it adds to the beauty of the film.

Despite the dependence on Jewish tradi-
tion. Yentl. like Fiddler on the Roof.
transcends the problems of bias and pre-
Judlce usually encountered in religious films.
Streisand accomplishes this by focusing on
Yentl's desire to learn religion rather than on
the religion itself.

Yentl surpasses any expectations you
could have set for it. one may not feel Im-
mediately affected. but after a period of
reflection the theme that Streisand was hop-
Ing to share with us finally sinks in: Nothing is
Impossible! And Barbra Streisand should
know.

 

costuming was adequately designed by Lloyd
Watwaiole. .

As I said at the start of this review i think the
major problem with this produciton is the play
itself. Brecht and Weill will either thrill you
with their subtle puns. overt sexual inuendo.
pointed social commentary (it is less of a crime
to rob a bank than to own one). or they will
bore you to tears with a droll monotone
musical score and dialogue that at times is
down right silly. If you have seen Three Penn;
Opera and like it. you might just find all ofthc
redeeming qualities of this performance. i‘
however. you found “Mac the Knife" the only
good song In that play. you had best stay
home and listen to Bette Midler's version of
“Surabaya Johnny." 5 version with more
emotion than most of this play.

It Is not easy to be hard on a theatre Cour
pany this good. so i can only hope that their
next production. Brian Friel's Translations. a
story set in the tumolt of 19th century Ireland.
will show this superb group in the light that we
have become so used to seeing them. Happy
End will run through December 18 and
Translations will open New Year's Eve and
run through January 22.

 

 

  
 
     
     
     

 

   
           
          
         
         
     

 
 

