 

 

 

.. . . “mu-mi .

   
  

...... .,....... ........-’.....~.....e.......-.v.

     

68 ASPECTS

 

FRLDAY’ “MEMBER 39' 1983 DAY. SEPTEMBER 30, 1983

eller’s Out

. ver a slashan guitar rill. rocking

 

 

 

 

Vinyl Views

Getting To Know X

or those oi you who have not

reallted it yet. we have reached a

musical drought. Few bands are

- iecr-iiing .iuv recognition. unless they (all

tinder lllt’ category oi danceable music

Many t \u-llcnt American “garage bands”

1lllll as ilir' l'lcshtories. the (inn Club and

particularly X are being ignored lor no good
It’ll“'ll

,Vinyl Views

Of A Jam

unadulterated rock-n-roll. This comes alter
their more experimental third album. Under
the Big Black Sun. on which tirey drilled into
horns. blues and even 30's dance music
' On More Fun In the New World. X once
again tackles the subject oi love. Wild (ii/t.
tlielr second albunt. dealt with tlte rnarratge
turmoil ol John and Exene. while Under the
Big Black Sun handled the subsequent set-
tlement oi their grievances. On the irew LP.
“True Love Pt. ~1" calls love the “devil's
crowbar" which tears people apart. “True
Love Pt. '72" sites love as the devil's count-
down. bombshell. dragstrip. stock car.
quicksand. low blow and even the devil's
trademark.‘ Doe and Cervenka realize.

   

bass line. and militant drum beat. a

young man lrom Woktng.

and. screamed out. “in the city. there's
usand thldgs i want to say to you!" on
Jam's debut album in 1977. Those wlro
heard Paul Weller's lterce Intensity and

r lelt they must listen to what this man

to say. With Weller at the helm. the

. subsequently exploded upon
nd's then dreary music scene. surpass-

» - i e expectations oi both lans and critics
" ’ ch succeeding albgmiﬂv

Joe Romano

X is .r baird that has emerged hour the
crowd oi hands on the l. A. strip to take its
place at the top They have managed to
drake nil the "lranirore" label. arid rrglrtly

 

  
  
  
  
 
  
 
   
   
  

 

 

w. lot in .\' there is so much more talent pre-
settt l'lit' liartd ts totnprised oi lead vocalist
laxene (.‘eivenka. her husband
Bassist ’Vocalist iltillli X Doe. lead guitarist
Billy Zoom and drummer l)..l. Bonebrake
The band has been struggling lor many years
to receive the recognition they deserve. but
their relusal to compromise their titustc has
kept tlierri below the suriace oi stardom.
Their recently released lourth album.
More Fun in the New World. is a spectacular
work. and my choice for the best album oi
Willi thus lar it is packed with one great cut
alter arrotirer ol the finest rock-twoll one
could possibly want. X's roots are very solid
iy embedded in the mid-50's. with branches
bowtrrg from trilluences oi the 60's and 70's
The music is. lor the most part. last. hard
and crisp; highlighted by the Chuck Berry-
rsir giritar oi Zoom (wiro once played with
Gene Vincent). and held together by the ex~
cellent interplay ol Doe and Boniebralte. An
occasional slow song is accented by the bar-
rriorries ol John and Exene. who sound but
let now than they ever have. Their vocals
are perhaps X's must distinguishable leature
The constant switching oi lead vocals bet-
ween Doe and Cervenka within songs. and
the sbseguetit synchronizing oi lltL‘it voices is
unmatched iti music today.
Unlike the synth-pop trash being passed as
music nowadays. X is a battd with highly

Moody

saw a band downtown last week.

and it was the strangest thing They

used a lot ol electronic equipment:
syntin-sircr. drum machine arid programm-
ed bass. which is line. arid it was pretty in
thrusting. but the sad part of it was that the
band was limited by their equipment.

Metin Ulug

They let their instruments play them and not
the ollrer way around. so they never really
realized their trite potential It's kind ol sad
when that happens. especially when they
ran't convey what they want through their
medium. it's klrrd oi like tryiirg to write love
poetry in a language you only marginally
'HUW

Rock music is a pretty dillicult thing to
pound into a new shape. hi general it's
stupid. belligerent and at best narcissistic It
does thange. however. since it parallels the
worlds of media. laslrion and technology
Technology is vttally important to rock music
and those that show its the new ways. new
visions. change rock music itsell. New Order
is one such band. in the '7ll's Hendrix's
legacy and the guitar heros oi the decade
molded the role oi the electric guitar in rock
Belore that the Beach lloys. the Beatles. and
later in the same studio. i’ink l‘lttytl
perlected inulti-tracklng and recording
technique. Those bands showed rock a
brave new world. and New Order could join
their ranks in the immunization ol machines

Sytliesirers klrid ol have a bad rap Their
use in rock music began with peoplt.I like
Keith Emerson and llick Wakcnran. in
retrospect their work appears trttcl and porn»
ports. Kraltwerk catalogued the potential
sounds. but remained alool; the equipment
allected them. and they too became
machines. Yellow Music Orchestra tYMOl.
applied sequencers and drum machines to
dance tnusic but lost never caught on in
America; maybe their haircuts were too silly.
(’iary Numari tried seizing Kraltwerk's emo~

 

Hurt and Howie's poise. and iound new

int-aninglul lyrics. The opening cut. “The
New World." in addition to being on the the
best cuts on the album. is also a protest oi
conditions in America under the Reagan
"regime." and particularly. the trickle-down
theory: "All we need are lliL‘ necessities and
more " The lyrics portrt out the linanctal
shortcomings oi the poor and working
lass‘es today. stating: “It was better below
they voted lor what's his name. This was
supposed to be the New World."

The most stgrililcarrt song on the alburri is
a slower st g entitled “l Must Not Think Bad
Thoughts ' This is another song lashing out
at America Whit. arid the world sltuatiorr in
general "lioth sides are right but both sides
murder." exciaim Exene and John. "Coir-
llagratiorrs leap out oi every poor furnace.
Food cooks poorly and everyone goes
hungry " Perhaps the most interesting seg—
riierit oi the song is:' “Glitter Disco-Synth
riigirt school. The British invasion but wltat
about the Minute-Men. Flesh Eaters. DOA.
Big Boys and the Black Flag." Here they are
using the analogy of the acceptance oi synth-

Music F

heights oi dullness The Human League ap-
plied it to ptire pop music and became synth-
Archies There's lots oi reason to be skep-
tical. but New Order plays with such sincerity
they just can't be doubted.

New Order knows all about ghosts. Not
just the ghosts that lurk in the dark crevtses at
their minds. but also the ghost oi a brilliant
past that has lnliowed them (or years. it’s
been over three years since lati Curtis killed
himscll and a band named Joy Division
became New Order. Joy Division was always
a sort oi special band. They lived on the
edge. pop music had never been so serious.
Their music was tilled with the horror oi the
times. biit with no cheap eilects achieved
with mirrors, no rocky horror. but paranoid
images oi contradiction. compulsion. lear
and Wonder. 'l'errlble death. locked undead
in a buried casket was never lar behind. Joy
Division released their first record Unknown
Pleasures on Factory Records in 1978.

 

 

They attracted immediate. devoth attention 
and the British music press wrote rave i

reviews .lus't alter completing their second
album. and what would arguably become
the greatest single oi the '7ti's “Love Will
Tear Us Apart." and tour days belore their
proposed American tour. singer lan Curtis
saw his favorite llerzog liltii. and went home
and 'hung himsell lie was twenty~tltree

Rock music. being part oi mass media is
itrst as subjectable to sensationalis’rn as
anything else. and as it always happens
when a public person dies. suddenly
everyone realiacs their greatness and isn't-it
a shame It's itnlortunate Iltat ll wasn't lltilll
alter (.‘urtis' death that the world discovered
lroiv great Joy Division had been. Such is the
stuli that legends are made oi. Grace Jones
even covered one oi their songs. it's rare
when a band is able to shine so strongly in
the rrirrleness and stupidity oi rock music;
once In a while someone creates enough
beauty to sustain our iatth in it all.

Joy Division did not die with lan Curtis.
Tire other three lust picked tip. changed the

 

name to New Order. took on a synthesizer

pop and disco. which have no lyrical value.
and the suppression oi the other bands nam-
ed. all at whom are hardcore protest bands.
to illustrate the fact that people hi this coun-
try are encouraged to let things keep hapv
penlng as the are. and “. . . not think bad
thoughts." Remember. "Woody Guthrie
sung about B-E-E-T-S. not B-E-A-T-S."

Moving away lrom lyrical content (or a mo
irrerrt. X is a band which does not Ignore its
inlluences. Many bands borrow lrom other
groups without acknowledging their source
ol material. X does an excellent cover of
“Breathless.” and a tributary song to the
music oi Gene Vincent and Elvis Presley.
ariiong others. (“True Love Pt. *2"). to
show that they have not forgotten their
roots. They use nothing but guitar. bass and
drums throughout this entire hard-driving
album- Some oi the better cuts are “The
New World." “True Love Pt. "2."

"Breathless." “in the Red" and “Devil Doll."
The music on this LP is very similar to that oi
their itrst two albums. with notlrtng but pure.

rom New Order

-wm

player and got about their business.

Their new album. Power. Corruption and
Lies comes in a beauttlul package. The front
cover is an iiii'iti's still-life by Fantin-l.a'l'our.
stunning in its simplicity and delinltion. The
back is a contemporary. litgli tech color
wheel design The analogy to the music
screams to he made. The music on this
album represents the merging of those two
styles imagine wlrai Rembrant could have
done with computer graphics. New Order
plays their music with such beauty. such irra-
iesty. it‘s scary.

The real greatness olrock music is its emo-
tlorial impact on the listener: ask any

Division‘s path. but now the doom~|aden
lyrics are balanced by pretty. bouncy music.
The big hit irnm the album. "Age oi
Consent" is a good example. On "The
Village." a song on side one. guitarist Bet“
nard Albrecht sings Our love is like the'

 

 

  

through personal experience. the destruc-
tion. pain and sadness that true love can
cause people. and they leel that it is a basic
evil oi life.

The lyrics oi X's songs seen to convey a
general leellng oi crossness with and anger
toward the world. The lrequent use oi color
symbolism. (blue. red and especially back)
helps paint a gloomy picture. All ol Exene's
artwark appearing on the album sleeves Is
also very black and stolld. The death at her
sister a few years ago at the hands oi a drunk
driver has helped luel the band's bltterrress.
They have chosen to make pullc their ieel»
Ings and attitudes through their music. which
Is perhaps their most important attribute.
The group has chosen to deal with many
sensitive Issues, rather than burying their
heads in the sand like so many other bands.

Though X has received great critical ac-
claim lrorn such publications as Trouser
Press. Rolling Stone and even Time. they
have yet to receive the radio and public at.
tention they merit. The landing oi a contract
with a major label (Electra) alter their second
LP was a big itrst step. Whether or not More
Fun iii the New World helps vault X into the
limelight remalris to be seen. The key 'con-
ttnues to be a needed change in attitude on
the part ol the listening audience. but no
matter what the outcome. X's music still
leaves me . . . Breathlessl lJ

    

ﬂowers. the sun. the sea. the hours . . .
That's a long way lrom You cry out in your
Isleep/All triy leelings exposed/Arid there's a
taste in rriy mouth/As desperation takes
hold. . . lrorn "Love Will Tear Us Apart."

l

The songs range lrom heavy synth-datice

music. to guitar—oriented. western tinged
rock. Steve Morris plays driving. poweriul
drums. and the relationship between Peter
Hook's bass and Albrecht's guitar is weaving
arid hypnotic. Gillian Gilbert's keyboards
tend to be a little thematic. birt never abused.
and like the other instruments. played in

telllgentiy. with sorrre wit ‘ind niwt 5 mil
Deadhead. New Order continues in Joy. skill. ‘ 'y g ‘

They reniatn somehow naive and

dreamy. but their art lies in the compassion
in which they deliver their music. Good rock
music should scare you as well as thrill you.
and the tense. dark side often bubbles up
from under the brlgiit Instrumentals ll lair
Curtis ls watchirtg. l'tn sure he approves. iii

. rough they lared rntserably in the
‘ . . The Jam placed more singles lit the
top itity in 1980 than any band since
Beatles. whose long-standing record
ied. Along the way they spurred an un-
leled cult oi devoted lollowers remenis‘»
oi the prime years oi The Beatles. The
I. and The Rolling Stones. Weller.

  
   
   
   
  
   
  

 

'o be no more, And that was that
I oi Mohair stilts and Mod
Silallsni are now long goml (or Paul
 alias The Boy Wonder. alias the
m itccino Kid. etc Just when the music
 was in the midst ol recovering irom the
ﬁlial [England'sI beloved .iam. the 25 year
chllei‘ embarked on a new musical pro
.; The Style Council, Coriiprlsud oi
‘ taller. iormer l)exy's keyboardist Mick
r’ Talbbt, and a host oi assorted back-up must»
 the "band." to the delight ol dam lans.
leéused a single, “Speak Like a Child" in tinI
" ép'rtng oi 1983.
..,.The itrst single is an upbeat. soullul pop
tune, backed by a punchy horn section (dub
. bed by Weller. “l‘lonorary Councillors ).
with beatilully delivered baclctip vocals. 'l he
back-up singer. Tracie. is a to year old solo
artist whom Weller now produces and occa-
sionally writes (or. Weller htmsell displays
some ol his best vocal work ever on this
track. l":ipeak Like a Child" picks up where
"The Bitterest Pill' and many selections lrnm
The Gift LP lelt oil. Weller concentrates less
on lyrical content and meaning. and locuses
instead on glittering melodic detail and a
relatively new optimistic outlook. More simp-
ly put, “this record...swingsl." as Paul notes
on the back sleeve.

‘Spvrog

I. _-—.—.-v~—--—-.~ ,

in
Q
E
‘<
u:

W

O

 
 
 
  

  

 

   
 
   
 
 

PRESCRIPTIDN‘



 

 

The Style Council has release two singles
since their. "Money (lo-Round." and “A
l’aris." which includes their latest English hit.
“Long llot Summer ‘A rninirl.l‘ was also
Ii't ently lsstn’tl. entitled Introducing 1hr.- Styli-
t‘onncil, which contains their itrst single, two
versions oi "Long Hot Summer." a remixed
club vr-rsiorr ol "Mrrriey-(io-ltouitil." arid
lltlt't‘ ll~sides oil the singles [Zach piece is in
tei‘csting and origtrral in its owir right. but
“Mi)ttt’y-Gii-Rtilttltl" is the trtre standout
meriiber.

The starting ingredient and backbone ol
this rclatviely long promenade through
Weller's tainted impressions ol the world is
.lo l‘)wor'niak's infections bass line. it crawls
deep under the skin and rocks the song with
incredible verve. While Weller strutns sparse-
ly but energetically. he directs ati assault
upon the institutions he despises. item the
church to “the i-‘alkland’s Spirit." The churn-
ing drive he exudes is reminiscent of early
.iam. but his vocal range has expanded con-
siderably. and the music is completely dil-
lerent. H

The potth lyrics in “Money-GovRound
leave no doubt that Weller's creative spark ls

 
 

   
   
   
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
   
  
    
 
  

  
  
 
  
  
 
  
   
   
   
    
   
 
  
  
 
   
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
   
 
     
   
   
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 

 

still intact Visions oi The Moral Majority are
conjured up as he spews out. "The morals
are clean and llti' initials are clear/they build
your arms and they hr-nd your ear "Weller
brings out tlin lt'llllill tltr'tm' oi the song it!
the thorns, "Watt it your money go
round/as you lall lrorn grace and hit the
ground." and the child like chant oi. “()n the
Inonuygo roiirrri’we wanna get on but it
Won't slow down " He makes it perlectly
clear that he isn't gnptng here. though m
he's just telling It as it IS "same old wealth
in the same old hands" ()ri the sleeve.
Weller tries to convey the message to stand
up and light opposition with creativity rather
tlratrr destruction. certainly not a new
message. but still expressed very well |l one
gets sick ol Ins wordy ramblings the music
ilone carried the song easily. as it is lhe
€tyle Council's must danceable track.

"l'leadstart lor Happiness" succeeds on
Weller's joylul guitar stumming. and the title
seems to surri upj'ust what The Style Council
is about. “Long Hot Summer" and “The
Paris Match" were each recorded in Paris this
past summer; they both rellect a "blue

 

t

 

mood lor the band. but are enjoyable jsut the

tist what is Spyrogyra? To the

biology student it may be a type oi

algae. while to ians oi popular jazz.
this Word has two other meanings There is
the band Spyrogyia that plays concerts. con-
sisting oi saxophonist .lay Beckenstein.
keyboardist Toni Schuman. guitarist Chet
Catallo. drummer lili Konikoll. percussionist
Gerardo Velez and (new member) bassist
Kim Stone. Then there are the ‘gioup's'
albums. On Spyr'ogyi‘a albums. the liaird is
altiiost completely replaced by some oi the
world's linest studio musicians Their latest
ilbum (My Kids. once again brings together
ireat musicians to play compositions by
Beckettstr’in. Silitirnan and keyboardist
ler'eniy Wall lwlio does riot tour with the
group).

  

Gregg Herman

With such varied personnel. the material is
what gives Spyrogyra their disltclive sound.
The (‘UIHPOSlllOIIS on (3in Kids other a little
more variety than those of earlier albums
such as Morning notice A low explore new
directions with great success. btrl most stick
safely to the same old sound.

Tire title cut ol the album is the one time
that utilizes all of the members ol the band.
alotrg with percussionist Manolo Badiena
(early Weather Report member) and singer
Lani ("rr'oves. This is one of the better coin-
posittons on the album. displaying the
energy that has sold many Espyiogyra
albums.

"Serpent iii Paradise" utilized several
studio musicians. triciiidiiig bassist Will Lee.
guitarist Hiram Bullock and drumrrrer Steve
Jordan. who may all be seen In Paul Schael-

same It's hard to understand why a seven
minute I'tI‘IillX oi “Long Hot summer" was
itltttlL‘ lot the LP. though. since this song ls
basically a slow ballad Rounding out thr-
ltt‘ltl. "Mick's lip" leatures a playlul in
strunn'ntal by Mit k Talbot This song. .is well
as "l li'adstatt lor Happiness." Wt'lt’ rt-r oitled
live. wlitih is it'lrcshing in the wake ol the
perlectlonoriented studio recording so pro~
rnlnent today

in an exclusive Interview (conducted by
Melody Maker) on The .lani's break iip last
November. Paul Weller explained. "i think
(thr- leeling‘s) missing in rtrustc at the trio-
inent and that's what l'd like to set about do»
ing." Alter three impressive singles and the
new mini-LP. it looks as it he's on the rigltt
track The reasons behind Weller's decision
to end The Jam when they were still rtdtng
so high are easier to understand now. He
wants to put enjoyment back in his music
and didn't feel he could accomplish that with
The Jam. it‘s quite evident that Paul Weller
has a thousand things that he wants to say to
us. and has just as many ways to say them.
And we‘ll keep listening l l

yra Puls No Suprises

ler's band on the David Letterman Show
This song is more ol the typical Spyrogyra.
lcattning a nice guitar solo by Steve Love

The song entitled "A Ballad" is just that.
vibraphontst Dave Samuels plays on all
Spymgyra albums and sounds as superb as
always The acoustic bass playing oi lzdtlie
(ioniez is an unexpected treat. as is Steve
(iatld's impeccable drumming.
llccki-nstciri's tone on soprano sax Works
well on ballads. but his playing lacks the
richness and criiotioit oi a master like
Michael llicckt'r or David Sunburn

The song “Nightlth starts oitl with a nice.
almost tr-ggac sounding introduction. htit
goes on to sound like a high school ja/t
l'risemble arrangement Aside hour the
guitar playing ol Steve Love. “Nightlile” is .r
disappointriienl

0n thr- ilip side. the master ol limit bass
playing. Marcus Miller. adds newlile to lltvt'
(.‘tty Kids on three pieces ’lom Sclniman s
composition. “(.‘onvcrsations. is a t'tttt'
glomoratinn oi lunk. shullle aird swing. and
may well be Spviogyra's greatest compost
tloti ever. lidrlie (iotncz's superlath
acoustic bass playing and Steve ("radd's
drum solo are key ingredients in this
marvelous musical adventure. Keyboardist
Schurnan also plays one ol his best \trltis
ever iii this piece. I

City Kids presents us with Spvrogyias

usual sound although with a lew supriscs it
would have been nice to see some more
dramatic changes in style. like those in “(.‘on
ver‘satlons." While the perlormcis are ex-
cellent. most ol the compositions are not
challenging. City Kids is worthy of recorn~
menriatton. but it lacks the musical sensitivity
oi many jazz fusion albums leaturing such tlrii

 

comparable studio musicians.

 

 

