 

_ «mﬁﬂeﬁr $1.17.

“““'"~*\~_-.-:-_v

a 2:.

.an---u -.- —_W—

 

 

 

 

sat certain lamest er

MEETING OF ALL MEMBERS
THURSDAY, MARCH 10
7:30 pm.
PHYSICS LOUNGE

 

é.

’ Corporation Board
Elections

 

 

 

o The elections will be held Wednesday, April 6 at a
time and location to be determined

0 The board is elected by the Albany Student Press
staff
oThe public is invited to submit letters of self-

nomination to Steven A. Greenberg. Chairman of
'the Board, Albany Student Press. _Campus Center

332

 

 

. WE ’D LIKE TO HEAR
YOUR IDEAS AND NOMINATIONS
FOR OUTSTANDING TEACHERS
TO BE HONORED.
AT THE SPRING CEREMONY
BY INDUCTION

INTO FRATRES IN FACULTATE'

 

 

 

 

F ALUMNI QUAD PRODUCTIONS

PIPPIN

March 10,11 12 - 8:00 pm
Page Hall

 

 

TICKETS

$2.00 - STUDENT WITH TAX CARD
$2.50 - STUDENT & SENIOR CITIZEN
$3.00 - GENERAL PUBLIC

ON SALE ON ALL DINNER LINES
AND AT DOOR

 

 

 

J)

 

“fricdtnan’s style is
retpmtsce toiap

ear yioau area

I “the trtust'calevent
of the scrttcstet‘, ,
not to be trussch

 

 

 

       
 

, art-ﬁe member
. tax card
$0 'gcncral

S a furtch

ondering where. you
fit in...

Worried about your
relationships...
Concernet a mu
birth control... >
VD.homosexttality... 1a

Tamas A amen YOU dub
CAN co FOR HELP

GENESIS

Sexuality Resource
Center
105 Schuyler Hall
457-8015

enes‘i‘s—t

  

Mon.-Thurs.Eve.: 7:00-10:00p.m.
Mon-Thurs: 2:00-4:00p.m.

A service provided by
Student Affairs nntl Student Association

 

 

 

CALL W

 

 

GETTING INTO THE
LAW SCHOOL OF
YOUR CHOICE

l

 

 

Lisa Goldwasser, Attorney at Law will

be here to discuss how to Optimize

your chances in the law school
admissions game.

Date: Friday March 11”:
Time: 2:30PM

 

Tickets on sale In the CC Lobby on March 6 and 7 and In th
For more Information call 457-7508 or 489-8573

9 J50 olllce.

- Place: Campus Center Room 375'

 

 

 

 

By Tom Kacandes
STAFF WRITER

 

The Albany State men's indoor track
team placed third at the SUNYACs held at
Cortland last Saturday. Fredonitt State
dominated its SUNY competition scoring
226 points to host Cortland's I32, points
and Albany's 7] points. Fredonia swept
several events and set three fieldltottse
records in the course of its impressive win.

The Danes outscored Buffalo. Bingham-
ton. Brockport and Buffalo State College.
which placed fourtlt. The Danes' finish was
also indicative of the team's difficulty Ill
coming up with the big points in important
meets.

“We are not a team of superstars." said
head cottch Bob Munscy."brtt l atn muclt
more pleased then displeased with otrr per-
formancc." The Danes showed improve-
ment in many areas while several in-
dividuals had outstanding performances.

Sophomore Marc Mcrcurio who broke
his owrt school record for the fourth time
this season irt the 35 -porrntl weigltt throw.
Mcrcttrio took secottd place in the event
with a loss of l-HlS tttctcrs. .lttnior llill
Nason had some trouble with his throwing
form Satttrdtty. bttt still took tiftlt irt Illt‘
weight throw attd fourth in the shot pttt.

The Danes went on to score in the
ISOOvlllCIL'I‘ run where cttptaitt Nick Sttllivatt
took fifth place witlt a titttc of 4:|0.3 ttttd
sophotnorc L‘luis ('allacci tan 4:|3.S for
si.\lll plttcc.

(‘allacci learned up witlt Wirtstott
Johnson, Scott Sachs aIId .Iitn l-irwin for se-
cortd place irt tltc Distance Medley relay.
litwin's l(t()0-Inctct atrcltot leg titnc of4:25
was a personal best arid the team's little of
l():44.4 wtts a season's hcst Inatk.

Bomb threats

<Front Page
officers. Gifford decided to evacuate the
building. A

“ll scctnetl a higher probability that it was
a tttorc serious bomb threat than the first
three. The titne the bomb would go off
02:30) was specified." said (iifl'ord. “it's
far better to be cautious abotrt the safety artd
welfare of people than make a wrong deci-
sion and have people hurt."

()fficcr Daniel Lessard said. “Unfortunat-
ly. arty etncrgcrtcy situation wtttctr we receive»
—for example. a botttb threat or a fire alttrnr—
we must treat as ttrt actual etllct‘gcnc)‘. ctcrt
tltorrglt the probability does csist that it is not
an actttal emergency situation."

I‘ollowing a second thorough search at
I230 a.m.. police began permitting people to
ettter tltc Campus Center. said l)oc||efc|d. lty
that titne. tltc Rathskcllar was closed. and the
NYl’IRCr event was scheduled to crtd at 1:10.
Patroon Roottt ('ltcf Aldo l)iVirgi||o added
that the Mousetrap was closed that evening.

I)oellefcltl explained that all the people in-
volvcd itt the incident were very cooperative.
“llecause of safety." he said. “they did what
tltcy had to do."

“I have Ito dotth in ttty mind that this
came frotn art otrtsidc source." said
(irccnberg. “No one it) NYI‘IRU would do
such an outrageous thing." She added that.
“tltcrc certainly are groups that wouldn't
ltcsitatc in calling themselves NYPIRG ilthCl"
sarics. I can't be certain that they're behind
this," she said. adding. “I thought otrr
adversaries were fttr tnorc professional."

NYPIRG metnbcr Kathleen Kargoll pat-
Iicipated on the committee that organized the
conference. “It was ttnfortttnatc that ottt
party was shut down and rttirtcd attd
disrupted." she said. adding that "people
came from all over the state of New York."
Kargoll added that NYl’lRG members work-
ed and participated in workshops all day
Saturday. “The party was an opportttrrity to
relax and socialize."

After the evacuation. l’olli said. “250 to
300 students gathered in front of the small
fountain and refused to leave llrc frottt of tire
building. They were highly intoxicated. We
used P.A. systems frotn the police car to try
to get them to disperse. but it was to no
avail."

Kargoll. claiming to have been near the
fountain at that time. insists lllat “Ito
megaphoncs were used. We. the group. did
move from one side of the fountain to the
Other one. closer to the stairs leading to tile
lecture centers."

in another case of bad seeding. Dane

Sophomore Mike Riggins ran a very
quick time of SI .9 seconds in the doc-meter
dash. Riggins won his heat and placed
fourth overall. "I wasn't placed in the fast
heat. so i had to run by myself and that
slows you down." Rigglns said.

Albany runners were consistently placed
in slow heats because the other team's
coacltes overrated their runner’s seed tirttes
in order to get their men in the fast heat.
The tactic is common and it allows a run-
rtcr who isn't a winner to get pulled along
by faster runners. I‘Sure. it hurt us."said
Munscy. "but I don't go for that sort of
thing arid the other coaches know it."

The most obvious victim of this seedittg
problem was Datte captain Eric Newton
who broke the school record he set last
week in the 5(X)-mcter dash running all by
himself in a slow lteat. Newton‘s time of
[206.8 was two seconds faster than other
rtttmers seeded ahead of him. His solo per-
forrrtartcc earned Newtott third place
overall. Freshman 'l‘ony Ril/o ran a per-
sottal bcst l:()ll.ti for scvcntlt place ttttd
qualified for the State championships at the
same time.

l-‘rcshmttn llrttcc Van 'l‘assel set a per-
sonal best in the 55-mclcr high ltttrdlcs. His
time of 7.8 seconds cttrnetl third place
honors itt a very fast field of ltttrdlcrs.

Nursing the hip injury that has kept the
totrncr SUNY ltttrdlc champ oft the
htttdlcs. Mitchell llattar‘d tan a gutsy |ctttt~
ttt~thc»tape race to place thirtl itr tltc
55»tnetet dash.

Noel Woodbttrtt ran by himself III the
IKXXl-trtetcr rttn. Ilis pcrsottal best time of
2:36.] took sixth place.

l‘rcslttrtart Ian Clements just missed

qualifying for States it) the Elmo-meter Ittn

 

 

 

lll'b
John Hawaiian .
I'ltr't'tr/s ct'trltrtrterl ilttlit'tt/trtt/lr'.

Student Michael lilascrrhcim was studying
in the ('otntnttlcr (‘afctctia at about IllItI
night. “When the policctttart told my rootrr
mate and me to leave." he said. “we felt an»
noycd since we were settled ittto sttrdyitrg. We
weren‘t sttrc whether or not to take it serious-
Iv." added lilascnheitn. we figured it wottltl
be best for our safety to leave.“

Wt‘l)” disc jockey. Daniel ltarth said Itc.
“paged (WEDR Chief Engineer) Douglas
Rcitt when two policemen told me there were
tlttcc borrrb threats within the past ltottr. and
the bomb was strpposcd to go off at |2;~15. l
was told to get ottt as soon as possible."Ac-
cording to llarth. Rcin instructed him to tell
the attdictrce that "there were technical dif-
l’iettltics beyond his control." liarth added ltc
“signed off" at 12:20 a.tn. and did not
resume programming until t:lt) a.m.

lilliot Gold .tcin. i1 worker in the
Rathskellar. was directed by his supervisor to
check that all doors leading to the Rat were
locked. and then to go outside. Goldsteirr
said. “The threat was ridiculous. These types
of actions serve no fundamental purpose."
However. he stressed. “It’s definitely a good
idea to evacuate. just in case. We can't trrke
chances."

According to SUNYA police records. tltcrc
were four bomb threats itr Will. Saturday‘s
was the first in I983.

Assistant Director of Public Safety .Iolrtr
llcniglrart explained that.“ Each bomb
tltrcat is evaluated individttally. and we have
a set of criteria which we use. Based on that
criteria. the officer on the scene and/or the
officer’s supervisor along with the senior per’
son in the affected location together decide
about the procedure. We want to protect the
occupants of that building." 1 t

,.,,....,.—Mv<_.—..e..t.
~t

wan,— ww...“ ...... but-..» ..

 

MARCH 8, I983 t: ALBANY STUDENTPRESS  

Albany indoor trackSterS compete in Cortland

where ltis time of 8:56.7 took fourth place.
Teammate Ed McGill ran close behind in
9:0I.8 earning fifth place with his season
best performance.

Albany's I600-nteter relay of Riggins,
Sachs. Darren Pratt and Newton took
fourth place with their season best time of
3:31.6. but were mistakenly disqualified
when Newton was accused of throwing the
relay baton after the race. Coach Munsey
filed a formal protest and won back the
medals which had been given to the
Geneseo learn.

In the day‘s last event. the Dane's
3200-meter relay team was ortrkieked by
Fredonia in the last lap of the race. The
team's time of 8:010 is their best this
season.

III review. the SUNYAt' meet rcsttlts

reflected the team‘s youth and inex-
perience. The team has only three seniors
and a handful of returning juniors. There is
no JV program in track. wlterc freshman
learn by competing against runners much
better than they. The '83 Danes are awash
with talented freshmen and sophomores.
but without time to develop them.

"We have a bunch of kids you don't hear
about that will come itrto their own in the
outdoor season." said Munscy. “Right
now we're trying to consolidate those solid. ‘
non-scoring individuals into scoring relay
tennis." As the Danes continue into higher
levels of competition in their last two big
meets. this change of plan should keep
them scoring well. Next Satttrday the team
travels to Union College for the Union In-
trttttionttl.

Women end season on rough note

The Albany State women's indoor track
tettttt traveled to Cortland for the Ditisiott
Ill l-Tttstern Region ('hatnpionships last
Sttttday.

"We luttl a rottglt day.‘ said head coach
Ron White describing tltc team‘s tlisttpporn
ting finish itr their season tittttlc. through a
cornbittation of bad ltrck attd had starts. the
Danes did not score in tltc highly corn-
petitivc ttteet.

Albany sprinter l incllc Skcrtttt stumbled
at the start of the SS-ttrctct dash and did not
place. last week Skcttitl cstttlrltshetl hcrsclt
as a top flight Division III sprinter with lrct
filth place finish in the NY State tnect.

'l’hc Danes lost other potential ptrirtts
when the JZIXl-IHL'IL'I' relay team finisltctl
fourth atId was disqualified. lltc learn of

Anita Ileatlt. .lltIIL' Sntytlt. Donna llttr-
ttlttttn. and .lert Jones tan 95.1.5 for an
unofficial school record.

.Iones came back to Hill It personal best III
the (rill-rttt'tct tllll with a tittte ttl’ l:43.|.
“lett's been outstanding all scastrn.”srtid
\\‘hitc."hcr trot) was tltc highlight rtt tbc
tItcct."

(llltct I)altc highlights were Mary Ratt-
tlrtlls' |tt.tl‘) Itrctct toss in the shot pttt and
llcttc ll/arnbtt’s personal best of lI:l-l in
thc ‘IlllllrlllL‘ICl tun.

“lltrs team has much more potential
than our last tnect showetl.”sttid White. “I
cspect to see thcttt itnptovc through the out-
door scason." the Danes open their little
door season in April against Springfield.

-'l‘om Kucandes

Ralph Nader highlights NYPIRG conference

<Fronl Page

broader conception of their role in socict\.
Nader maintained that students were In it
good position to act on chic problems.
"You catt contbittc your cisic duty with your
schooling." Ire said.

Among the obstacles to student sttcngth
Natch pointed ottt were students st-eirtu
“‘sttty III
your place attitude ofout‘ “condescending.
paternalistic" society.

lrllltilltlsllltlg the need tor students to In-
\oI\c themselves in citi/en tltrty. Nader stress»
cd that "building and dctcloping a sense ol
citi/etl duty is important W the idea that you
are an itrrpottattt citi/en in art cset-itnptottng
democracy." lie ttddcd. "You may think lltls
Is a drug. but wltat are tltc trltcttttttites‘l”

During his lcctrtre and news conlerence.
Natch strongly supported It ctttrent Ni'l’lRti
priority. the ('iti/cns‘ Utility lloard concept.
A ('Ull. said Nader. would represent con-
stttrtcrs before utility companies attd state
agencies. liased on a Wisconsin ('llll. Nader
estimated that in New York. a ('llli would
ban: approsintarcly 500.000 members. These
members Ire said. would pay list- dollars it
year to hire lawyers. cconotttists. and other
staff. Nader claitncd lie was encouraged by
(iot. Mario ('ttorno‘s support and that with a
large cl'lort. the legislation mandating a New
York (‘Uli could get passed this year.

The conference was the spring scssiott ol
Ni‘l’lRG's Iii-annual conferences. As part of
the tcrttlr anniversary theme. the conference
was designed to rcsicw the past attd plot an
agenda for the ftttttre with tile etrtitc
organi/ation present as a cohesive unit.

The schedule was heavy during the two-
day conference. with over sixty workshops
on topics ranging from the testes campaign
to leadership development. lll addition to
Nader. speakers included CUNY chancellor
.loscplt S. Murphy. former congresstrtan

tlternseltcs as transitory. and thc

 

.loIIII l)ow. l-sectttivc Director of NYPlR(l
.'\lttrr|yn ()tttltasik. attd Donald Ross. a
tottttdcr ol NYI’IRU.

Ni'l‘lR(i officials csptcs-..‘d satisfaction
that tltc conference was .I sttccess and its
coals were met. “In this :onfct'cttce." said
Ni'l’lRti l’toject ('ootdtntttor at Albany
Linc (irccnherg. “we wanted to reflect hack
on what \tc'ye done. where ottr mistakes
hate been. artd where we can move ahead."
sllt‘ sttttl. “in general the conference was a
tremendous sllt'L’L‘ss.”

All the speakers for
weekend. including Nader.
Ni'l'lRti's posititc otttltrok. The top tlrtcc
ptiotttics lot the sptitrg. accordittg to
Ni‘l’IRG otlicittls. ate the ('iti/cns Utility
lloatrl. the to\rcs catnpargn. (ommtttrtry
Rrght to Know legislation. and tire Jobs for
Peace I'toctttttt.

the Ni‘l’lRU
etrtphasi/cd

III the (‘onrtnttnity Right to Know l’ro-
gtarrt. NYl'lRti seeks to enact a law requir-
ittg chctntcal companies to tnttkc public their
past and present waste dumping records. The
lohs Int Peace l’Ioicct would study the el-
Iccts ot rnassisc military spending and
tl\'\t‘IUP and minute alternatives.

»\s csplainC-d in a workshop Saturday.
( trlr would be a state-wrdc totttntarily fund-
cd cttr/t-II ctilllltllltftl trrgani/ation that would
represent consumers on electric. gas and
telephone tssrtcs.

III the tittal session or the conference.
Donald Ross. a founder of
Ni'l’lkti.rettected on the past ten years. He
recalled that ttt I973. at the inception of the
organI/tttion. ltc was the only staff member
and there were only five members of the
Board of Directors. in an address of
nostalgic and affectionate anecdotes. Ross
attributed Ni l‘IRU's survival and growth to
boldness irt issues arid adtirinistration. in-
ttotatton. pcrsesercnce. and unity.

 

 

The ASP needs writers interested in
O Investigative reporting
0 News features
0 General reporting

If you have experience or are interested in gaining some,
now is the time to call Teri Kap/owitz. Debbie Judge or

Deb Pro/eta at 45 7~3389 or stop by CC329

 

 

