 
  

 

 

Aspects Centerfold

.---- 21>:

' catch-

Business ’

.,. .\ ...............-._.

 

Is Booming...

The demand for business majors multiplies

 

 

 

bvlously the future Is a preoccu-

pylng thought for all college

students. What a responsibility!
Knowing we are all In the same situation
does not help alleviate the fear and the arri-
bivoience we all feel toward our own in-
dividual futures. Tire "world of business" is
a sea that we are all eventually going to
plunge Into. lts endless opportunities cart
be threateritng as we try to choose a situa~
tion. especially in today's neither here-nor-
there economy.

 

Lynne Siegel

 

is there a major which is practical 
will enable rrie to get a job? is there a
market for the MBA? Are there jobs to be
had! Out of desperation. we all seek infor-
matton from our advisors. professors and
closest friends.
Aspects went to Professor l-‘rank Kolmin.
a specialist in Taxation here at SUNYA. for
an insiders look at the world of bustrress
and the future of business education, lie
has generously offered his opinions and
advice on today's economy. job market.
opportunities available for college
graduates entering the world of business on
SUNYA's Business School and the effects
of national budget cuts on the business
world.
Professor Kolmin holds a Doctorate from
the Urrlverslty of Vienna in Accounting and
Finance. air MBA in Accounting and
Finance front New York Urrlversity and a
PHD in Economics from the Maxwell
Graduate School at Syracuse University. A
refugee from Austria. Kolmin came to the
United States with "all the strikes against
him." However. in New York he was
allowed to make his way and feels gratitude
"without limitation." This semester. Kolmin
is teaching Accounting 442 and Accoun-
ting 641. whlclr is a graduate seminar in
advancedTaxation emphasizing corporate
topics.
Although Kolmtn specifically refers it
Business and Accounting majors. he feels
that in today's economy. the student rrrust
be versatile. For example. the ability to
operate or at least a general knowledge of
computers is useful in today's competitive
job market. He also feels that general skills
in programming are impressive.
Kolmln addressed the question of the
MBA. in his opinion. the MBA can open
doors in business because it provides a per-
son with more knowledge in his field. a
"period of mirtdrity" and various applica-
tions which cannot be taugirt in
undergraduate education because of time
limitations. 'l'iie MBA can offer valuable.
practical experience. A person with an
MBA can start off In a job at a higher level
and receive a higher salary. Increasing job
potentials considerably. in reference to Ac-
counting. Kolmln admits that there "has

  

Photographs of Accounting Professor. Dr.

 

 

  

been a sloirglring off oi jobs" in the market.
However. competent students can still find
jobs. if not with the "big eight firms" then
with smaller iirrns which still provide
valuable job experience.

We asked what he felt looked impressive
to an employer on a resume. Kolrnin
replied. "An employer looks for a wellv
educated. well-rounded person who is a
good communicator and can speak well. in
Business. we are always in the public eye."
Kolmin believes that communication and
writing skills are very important in arty job
in today's market. He replied. "There is
something lacking in the geireral education
today . . it goes way back to the junior
and high schools " Establishing these skills
in college can provide a necessary tool in
the job market

Kolnrin discussed Albany's Business

     

c

Frank Kolmln. by Will Yurman. (UPS ‘

schools. How does such a title benefit a
college or university? "it improves the
school's reputation."

Koimin's comments on the selection pro-
cess or what is more commonly refered to
as "weeding out" Were extensive. To
dispute the notion that this process is in-
flicted on the students oi SUNYA. Kolmin
said that "it is something that is irrrposed
upon us. We have to do it for self-
Jreservation." Albany is a corrrpetitive
school and there are a ltrnited number oi
spaces and only so many students can be
accepted. "There are only so many
students we can handle. if we overload.
the quality oi the school will go down." He.
however. feels this process is unfair
because the well-motivated. conscientious
student. who could probably succeed in
the business world. may not get a lair

Kolmin: An employer looks for a
well-educated, well-rounded per-
son who is a good communicator
and can speak well. In business,
we are always in the public eye.

 

 

School and was quite optimistic about its
reputation and its students. When asked
why he felt Albany's Business School was
different from other business schools. he
listed three reasons; "First. Albany has a
large enough Business School to allow
ourselves .tlie luxury of employing
specialists in the lacrilty. Second. the
budget crunch is not so bad that we cannot
offer reasonable salaries so we can employ
good faculty. Third. the caliber oi our
students is very high." He believes that the
preliminary two~year liberal arts prepara-
tion for applicailorr to the Business School
provides students with the well rounded
education so essential to success in the
Business program. The core courses
themselves serve to educate the student
because "labor relations rely on political.
sociological. and economic developments
which contributed to the framework oi our
lilstory." in addition he says that the liberal
arts preparation allows the university to be
selective. Albany's Business School is ac-
credited. whereas business schools at other
universities. such as SUNY Btnghamton.
are not. To be accredited by the AACSB is
corrtlngerrt upon the percentage oi PD's
among the school's staff. SUNYA's
business school faculty and student body is
fairly large compared to other business

 

chance to compete if his average is only
slightly below par. The choice process in
cludes those sacrifices. "but the results are
good." Kolnrtn added. "We have only the
best in our classrooms. The ability to learn
is very high. The better the student. the
better the instructor cart teach."

Are the requirements for transfer

.
V students equal to those needed by Albany's

students to be admitted to SUNYA?
Koimin's reply is that the transfer student
must have a higher cum. Certain basic
courses are the same in both a four—year
and a tWo-year school but the University
recognizes that the standards oi a two<year
college might be significantly lower and
therefore the transfer students cum should
acceed the norm. "There is validity in being
fairly strict.” The exact cum needed to be
accepted to the bushes school is not corr-
sistent from year to year. as cum is depen-
dent upon the number of applicants
“Below a .i.() is questionable." he said
but not impossible." '

The professor says that Accounting
seems to be the most popular major
selected among the business students.
Ninety-eight percent of my students are
Accounting majors." ire says. Accounting
iirrns come to the University hoping to find
the top students for employment. The firms

 

 

W

 

review students' resumes which are on file
and they ask faculty for information with it
will help them to decide who to interview
"Some firms will hire students for part ltiiit‘
work. unfortunately. Albany does riot have
a proper internship program. The national
offices in Albany are too small to at
cornodate all of the business students " iic
added. “There are mostly brokerage flitlt‘t
in Albany." Llrriiting the opportunities iirr
outside experience.

The infamous budget cuts whit li
threaten many oi the departments have trot
seriously hurt the Business School One
consequence has been larger t‘ltrsws. stir it
as Accounting 2] 1 with 500 or so students
"The personal contact is not all that close
A teacher tends to speak at students l..inji-
Classes intimidate students to speak to their
professors " The department has lost llllt’t'
accounting teachers and is trying to fill the
vacant positions. According to i\’oimrn
some of the teachers were not given irsti'n

skins to their contracts or tenure and had to
leave. He added. "However. Albany hm.
always had a high student-faculty litltII "
When asked why there were not separarc
business courses for non-majors. Kolrnrii
replied that there are not enough pro
fessors to have these courses and that even
if there were. business majors and bnsincs-t
irrirrors should be equally treated. “Tlrcv
should be required to do the same wink "

Frank Kolmin concluded by saying. "Wi‘
are no Harvard. but we may be better in
sonre ways. Harvard does not have .in
undergraduate business program." On lltt‘
whole. ire feels that Albany's fini- repiita
tion is well deserved.

Several other members of the business
faculty have comrrrented on the same
issues. .lohn Levato. assistant to the Dean.
said, "i believe very strongly that there is no
substitute for an extremely good education
llre Business firms will always try to hire
the best students. You have to work verv
hard. A strident should take courses which
“V0 Years front now will have an impact."
I Harry Cannon. Professor oi Accounitrrii
21 i. said in regard to the Accounting pro-
fesston that "the profession normally reacts
to fluctuations in the economy late in a
recessionary period. The demand will fill
us in '85. if it's true we've turned the mum
in the economy."

in reference to the importance of com
pirter skills. Sal Belardo. a professor of
Computer Science. conrrrrerited "i think
they're essential. regardless if the Individual
wants to go Into science or not. The arean
Computers is moving in such a direction
that the power is going to be available to
more and more people. The goal is to
make this technology less Intimldirting and
more useful so that humanity will be better

 

served by it." I I

 

 

 

 

ut

000

or every sociology major who
F ever kicked himself for not taking

a business course. for the theatre
major who doesn't understand his motiva-
tion in not becoming an accountant. and
for those English majors who've ever wish-
ed they'd taken another language. like
Pascal. there's finally some good news
which may convince. their parents that
they're not nearly 'as dumb as they think.

 

Andrew Carroll

The glad tidings come from places like
the Career Planning andl’lacement Office
and the Humanities and Fine Arts Advise-
rnent Center. and a man named Beck. and
the agreement is that liberal arts majors are
a lot more marketable tn the real world
than they've ever thought. and maybe
more than ever before.

That's not to say that it's all good news:
those same offices will still rerrrirrd you that
students who have majored in engineering.
accounting. sales-marketing. business ad-
ministration. or conipuler science are more
likely to receive job offers and higher salary
otters than liberal arts students. However.
thanks to Robert ii. Beck and the research
he's done at the Bell System. it's becoming
apparent that while liberal arts students
often have greater difficulty obtaining iirttial
employment in business. once employed
they can C(itnpeit' successfully with people
who have majo ed in other fields.

The Bell Ryaern employs about (r.fliitl
college graduates each year (oi wlrorrr
more than one third are liberal arts
graduates). and seemed a likely place to in
ltlate a study of hiring trends over the past
20 years. The Bell research team isolated a
variety of qualities which seem to go hand
iii-hand with advancement into middle and
upper management. including ad-
ministrative skills. interpersonal skills. in
tellectual ability (both verbal and qrian
tltative), and motivation for advant'ernent.
Bell followed the careers of college
graduates for over two decades, charting
how well "non-ter'hnical'I and "technical"
trrajors" (lid in each oi these socalled
"assessment renter-s."

Some oi the findings were expected.
others weren't. As you might suspect. the
non-technical majors (which include
business as well as humanities and social
sciences) were superior to math. science.
and engineering majors when it came
down to leadership skills. oral communica-
tions. and "forcefulness of personal
impact" (which sounds like a scouting
report on a great college lineman)
Likewise, the technical majors were the
high scorers in quantitative skills.

The surprise carrre when the researchers
took an overall rating of potential for mid-
dle management At a speech given on
March 4. 1981. before the Association of
American Colleges. Beck revealed that of
those employees considered to have
potential for middle management. (it) per-
cent were humanities majors. 2b percent
were engineers. and 31 percent were
business majors! And moving from
theoretical job levels one throuin seven
alter 20 years. where three is entry into
middle management. rill percent of
humanities and social science majors had
achieved at least the fourth level. corri-
pared to min 23 percent of the engineers
and only 32 percent of the business rna-
jot‘s.

Clip this out and send it to Dad. 0r bet»
IL'r yet. thank the phone conrpany. and call
him before it.

i l
John Alexander talks in essays —- treat

 

 

 

4.:

‘ m. .~- ,
urn-mus ugh; _  ‘ "l' r

 

 

....,u. .i.

Aspects Centerfold

at About Humanitiesﬁ

Wherein Shakespeare and
Milton prove there’s more

to life than ACC 211

irrg on this campus. Alexander is a white-
lraired grandfather with grey plastic glasses.
and he balances the often discouraging
news in the job market and the disappoin-
ting participation in his programs with an
unflagging appeal towards the potentials of
built.

Today's essay begins with an anecdote.
the story of .r women who returned to
SUNYA til March of 1078 alter spending a
:terrrester tit Athens. A Irraon in Latin and
(ireek. she came to Career Planning to talk
about a new love. computing. lt rrrrglrt
havu been sorm-wlrete on the Ai'gai'n
where she first discovered that computers
offered her the same fasi‘irratiorrs that had
drawn her to tluI classical languages. and
she decided to come home and continue
her search for Alexander in ULB (:0

She was a bright. resourceful. inner-
dtrected woman. and she came home to
discover. in one of Alexander's favorite
phrases. "just what her paths were " At
lBM she found a woman who lliKl come
from a similar liberal arts lrtickgroirirrl, and
who agreed that her classics studies would
in no way handicap her in the World of
computers She was rtglrt. and our scholar
found a job as a computer trainee with a
small company itl Manhattan having
never taken a computer course before

That job proved a dead end (banking on
her leadership skills. the company had
rriade her a supervisor and virtually took
her off the machines). but she was able to
trade in tlu.I experience for a job at lliM
where she remains today and liVi'H.
classically. happily ever after

The story is important to Alexander
because it illustrates most of the messages
he's been trying to get across to the
students aird alumni who attend the Place
merit (ilfrce's programs aml seminars as
they approach the job suartlr The
woman's old-fashioned major parallels
Alexander's "old fashioned" notion of
what a university nit-ans " This isn't .r tradc
school It's a university And majors .rri-ir't
work categories. they're study tatcgoiies
An linglislr major isn't a lnglri'rrng
category. When it strident «runes down

 

./ ﬁrsﬁ—t"
VVQ' h‘ (I
.1

K.
in  “ﬂy?
a ks», \
.'   @ft

=ﬁ\‘
)

'iw
‘rrl .g)

J.

l I“ ' ’t ‘9' .3
33"“ ﬁgiiz‘gﬁ‘rp

Ii-A’lwat-
I.
K
\.

s39.

air
it E

is! a

f-

E.

1

 

‘ i
. ‘\'

is
I
c: "J

1
(q A

 

 

 

 

 

.rnil "conceptions" of a resume. The word
job isn't mentioned in the schedule until the
fourth seminar.

"There's a little slrowrnanship." Alert
antler admits. "l have to motivate theiri.
capture their trrragination Show them that
the simplistic trade school view doesn't t'X'
ist A fl‘\U students may find a parallel wrtlr
what they learned in their majors directly.
but they are few We have to look for more
subtly related ways."" in concrete terms.
that often means discovering just what a
student has learned in his four years of
study and. more rnrportaritly. what he is
capable of doing arril getting it down on
a resume. "Most gain more than they

Savitt: You'll get very different
answers about the job market
from people in their twenties and
people in their thirties. Employers
do have a bias against the liberal
arts, but studies like Beck's show

that may be changing. t-

 

Unfortunately. there's something lonely
about John Alexander's appeal Atten-
dance at the seminars. and at freshman
orientationprograms. is dismal. At a typical
summer orientation. 12 of 250 freshman
here and says 'l need a job.‘ i won‘t talk to
lrirri in those terms.

"But." says Alexander. "I will help them
Iltrrl (‘oIrIri-t‘tlorts between what they're stir»
dying and what they one day will hope to
be doing."

The ten-hour Job Search Seminar Series
offered by the i’lacenrent office is a way of
spreading this method of making cornicc~
tiorrs. Subjects include sell‘clarificatinn.

 

Compositions which he has turned durliig
his five years as Director of Career Plann—

 

 

 

 

self—as 'ssment. individual achievement.

 

realizud out of this school  relevant.
transferable things. We find main conr~
jreterrr‘ies. trirt skills. Intellectual abilities are
more desireable than any job label." Ami.
like his lier‘oine's love of language. "utterly
transferable" in the job irrarkt-t.
will attend an introductory session. The
"introduction to Job Crearclr." conducted
weekly. will attract 40]. or ifr percent. out
of an estimated 350i) seniors. By llll‘ first
serritnar. the number drops to it percent.
while those finishing the program will
rrurrrber between ltlt) and 150 people. Iii“)
percent of wlronr are alumni.

Alexander begins and ends his essay on
that note. wondering why so few students

 

"evivr come near us." Considering what the
Career Planning and Placement can do for
the confused lturrrarrlties major. it's all
(ilt't‘lt to hint.

i i

In conclusion. let's start at the beginning

of your college yearsand of your career
Both artI vital topics for Juan Savrtt As
director of Humanities and Fine Arts Ad-
visement. she's professionally involved
With a liberal atts student's first years in lllL'
university. anti personally concerned with
his inst years out
"Nolrody's first job out of college is very
good lispet‘t to go through a lot of rlifr
lL‘lt'ltf jobs ller arise once you lravu a work
record. you can begin to show someone
that you can irolda job"

Savrtt speaks from experience. having
both guess to arrveys on r't't’ent SUNYA
pads and a none‘toorfond memory of
lays selling underwear She gets anxious
rlrt till the bad publicity the humanities have
gotten. and feels llll' record should be set
>ltil|tjlt|

"You'll get very different ansners about
the job market from people in their twenties
and people in their thirties. Employees do
have a bias against the liberal arts. but
studies like Beck's show that may be
changing." Savltt even presents a case
against acquiring a trade in college. While
there are definite skills you should pick up
in college. she says. learning a trade is only
preparing you for job obsolescence. Col-
lege is a place to pursue your own interests.
while picking up "marketable" skills '
iviting. self~expresston. statistics. computer
literacy — on the side. Arid irer advising
tasks often include rerriinding students jtrst
how big that "side" is. "When you only
need Iltr credits to complete a major. that
leaves almost three-quarters of your
coursework."

"if you know yourself well. you'll get a
job you‘ll like. and a career you'll be
satisfied with. There are so rriany jobs that
people have no idea of.

“Orrcarnpus recruiters? They represent
air unrealistic picture of the job market.
They want specilic skills for a specific job.
l'ltirnanitles gives you a broad range of
skills. and a still broader preparation for

l l

 

what's available out there."

‘.i¢

 

 

 

