 

 

.c. 7.. .M....c_...~,_,w‘

,... tit.

.. .... ..   .. :...,:u_th~-.m.'.lw.

—.-_..-..‘ c. . ........ HM...»
/

_W - . ~W-..... -..

 

E D

 

ITORIA

L,S

 

 

Week diversity, weak tolerance

shown that some people can't deal with the
responsibilities of a diverse culture.

Albany has students and faculty from across the
planet, and for tlte second year the university has
been sponsoring what it calls World Week. This
highly visible event has brought speakers, exhibits,
and demonstrations that represent some of the dif-
ferent cultures people in the university community
come from.

T his week's celebration of cultural diversity has

Sharing in this diversity is important for a universi-
ty like Albany, and can be a valuable learning ex-
perience. in a world constantly writhing ln interna-
tional tension, one remedy is greater cross-cultural
understanding and toleration. ignorance of other
people's traditions leads to misunderstanding of
other people's intentions. This is the wltole idea of
World Week —— accentttating the positive nature of

the university’s diversity.

But yesterday some events happened that showed
some pe0ple just aren’t ready for diversity. A group
of students from the Revisionist Zionist Alternative
tore down a poster from a cultural display by some
Arab students during the World Week Ethnic Block
Party.

The RZA claims that poster, which is reproduced
on this issue's front page, is “anti-semitic, anti<
Jewish" and equated it with Nazi and KKK displays.
And somebody from the RZA tore it dowu.

Whether the pOster is anti-semitic or not is a matter
of personal belief. if the RZA found the poster of-
fensive, they certainly were free to protest it and ob-
ject to the sponsors of World Week. But instead they
took the matter into their own hands and took off
with the poster.

This action was totally inappropriate. ’l‘hcy
disregarded the right of the Arab Student Associa-
tion to display a poster representing their opinion
and took it on themselves to determine what the ASA
may and may not display. Two tenets that ltavc made
this country's cultural diversity possible are respect
for free expression and the rigltts of minority opi-
nion. it is not the Revisionist Zionist Alternative's
place to draw the line between someone else‘s culture
and their politics, just as it is no one else’s place to
determine that for the RZA.

The people who tore the poster down ltave hcltttcd-
ly agreed to respect the university's autltority in tltis
matter and say they will turn must the poster today.
Hopefully, this kind of disrespect for the rigltts and
opinions of other people will stop. in a community
representing as many different cultures as ours does,
there's no place'for intolerance artd vigilanties. ’

 

C

 

O L U M

N

 

 

Reagan is right

As a yotttrg adttlt and Political Science tttajor l have
spent u good deal of time, itt class and out. trying to tlissccl
tltc issues and tire politicians who take stands on these
issues. In considering tltc different issues l havenlways tried
to identify with a group, party or an ideology. As most
Americans ltave been taught. we are a pluralist society
where ottc needs to get invnbed with people of \lltliltll in-
terest to accomplish some goal or \tlt‘lill change.

iEfl,

it was at this poittt that i realized tltcrc was something
wrong with the way that students” views were being
represented. lly tltc time i entered college i saw that i
wasn't being given a chance to choose between the two

main American school of thought. As art avowed
Republican-conservative l was stigmatized as the following:
artti»abortion, for prayer in school, for nuclear weapons,
and a supporter of the tttHilary-industrial complex. The
result of these fears of being labeled as pro-Moral Majority
or pro~nuclear waste has scared American youth over to the
left of the political spectrum. Thus. while most students
have a liberal View of social issues like prayer in school,
drug laws and abortion, this shouldn’t force people to take
a similarly liberal view on the economy, foreign policy or
deregulation of industry.

Most college age people have been brought up in a per-
missive environment. We are used to drug consumption,
premarital sex, and pursuit of material goods and status
rather than religion. The frequency of these "abberations"
from traditional behavior has conditioned us to either res-
pond with apathy or a willingness to partake in these enter-
prises.

lt would be very tough for the present political parties or
the elderly, white males that comprise them to sympathize
with a way of life (environment) they have never experienc-
ed and will probably never understand. Whereas the young
culture would consider abortion as good since it would pre-
vent unwanted children, traditional society condemns it as
legalized murder. Whereas we would have more at stake in
a draft, they would look at it on a balance sheet of wins and
losses. Whereas we look at prayer in school as an invasion
of our First Amendment rights, they see it as instilling
morals in youth.

A good example of the lack of understanding between
the government and youth is the newly introduced squeal
title. This government regulation would require federally
subsidized clinics to notify a ruinor's parents ten days after
she recievcs a form of birth control. it is self evidettt that
this law would only discourage a woman from dealing with
her situation responsibly: it is also selfevidcnt that the great
majority of these people will continue having sex. The
resultant unwanted births and etttotiottally straining abor-
tions would be the worst outputs of this new regulation. it
is also discriminatory irt two respects. Firstly, this law is
biased against poor people since they must rely upon
federally subsidized clinics. Secondly, it is sexist since there
is no mandatory notification on a mate's purchase of birth
control.

The above example clearly indicates that it would be
tough for any assimilated college student to agree with
President Reagan’s social policies. Where defense is con-

cerned, the arms buildup and anti-Soviet rhetoric of late are
largely built into the system by the perpetuators of_ the
military industrial complex. These private entrepreneurs of
death machines have a deﬁnite stake in maintaining or in-

 

creasing tltcir lucrative goternment contracts. Sirtcc high
Pentagon officials cart always jump over to private industry
(and vicc-versa) they also insure its prosperity. Reagan's ra~
tiortale for going along with tile Pentagon is probably to
avoid looking weak. So while the rationale of deterrence Is
there. we must usl. how long we are going to kccp escalating
this suicidal game. Some of Rcttgtttt's other ideas and goals
\lltlllltl not be neglected for fear of association with his
social attd defense programs, for they must be implemented
if we are to reverse the decline of the western economy.
This decline manifests itself iii an evergrowirtg bureaucracy.
more regulation, increasing deficits and federal usurpations
of power.

Public policy is formed through botlt policy making anti
policy itnplcrrtctttutiott arid adjudication. The former is car-
ried out by ottr elected officials (legislators, executives,
ctc.), tltc latter by the tnorc intangible bureaucrat. The
mass media ltas glorified and hyped. the election process
and the personalities that debate policy in Washington.
Thus, people tend to assume that what Congress or the
President decides will be carried out as is, by the
bureaucracy. This is far from the truth, bureaucrats have
many tricks to gain personal wealth and job status: padding
their budgets, keeping bad programs just to maintain the
power that a program gives them, working in cahoots with
the private sector they're supposed to regulate, and becom-
ing so technical and specialized that policy makers must rc-
ly on them for advice and data. As a result of these
weapons and the security and permanency of a bureaucrat,

 

 

tltc I‘cdt'ral government cannot be allowed to i'ltm .m.
ovcrrcgulnte, Murc problems can be solved by state and
local gotcrntncnts and tltc private sector. With ll‘Hllt'tl rm
social progtnnts there is no dotrbt :t nccd for them. but in w
plc need the irtcctttivc to work whether by tltc tit-result a
money irt a capitalist country or lltt‘ tlrrcal ol .t t'lttt ii‘: r
communist police state. We must stillc the growth or HIV
programs by rcsttaining ot eliminating botlt the will
makers and the bureaucrats who try to den-lop ..
cvcrgrowirrg clientele.

With the interest rate irt dottblc digits it is hatdb tum to
governments to crowd otrt the private investor by amino
tip a lot of capital that will in turn raise the interest lillt' tlllti
lower investment. It is also hard to conceive of a petth
who actually believes that the current deficit pittltlctn
would have been arty less ttrtdcr four rrrorc years of t'aitt-t.
since ltc would hardly be expected to cut entitlements tittur
than Reagan, and considering that obligation to NA it) It‘
quires us to increase our defense budget by 3 percent itt real
terms.

Reagan is the right president at the rigltt little, and
hopefully ltc will be able to minimize the debt, decrease the
size of government, ignite irtvcstment, and carry out his
new federalism program. Like i said, this doesn't rneart l'trt
for prayer in school. tuition tax credits and the other intruA
sions on privacy that are supported by members of
Reagan's coalition. in conclusion, i hope a new coalition
can be formed that would be more representative ot‘collegc
students' social and economic interests. l

 

cps 
YWmWrzwAg/ ,. Mil/M.

 

 

 

 

 

 

CthS

March 4, 1983

 

 

 

oody Sunday
I AMassa re That Won’t End

 

