  

 

WK. r..._...._.'... ;.

 
 

 

 

By Marc llertnllu
‘ti ill illt'llllt'
l‘otltorrow night's big slltl\\tltl\\tl against
uttdefeated local rilal Union eouldn't hale
eortte at a better little for the .-\lllttll) State
(itettt Dane football team.

The Darles. down ill tlte dttntps alter drop
ping their first tllo games. now hate their
eontidenee levcl boosted considerabl)
t'ollottillg tlteir 2ll-(l blowout oter Ihoekpotl
Slate. lint \till confidence be enough for the
Danes to overcome the powerful llnion
squad. who have outscored tltcir lilsl l\\tt op
porlcnts (vi-7'!

"I tilittk we cart heat thenr.‘ said .'\iilrl|l\
State Head Coach lloll told. "I‘te tretel
gone irlto a game ill I4 tents lirat ldidn‘t Iccl
we had a sllot at winning."

Ford is also realistic and urtdelstnttds tllat
his teartt can't afford the numerous miseucs
tltat plagued them against llroekpolt.
if we fumble like we did last week (lite
times). you cart kiss the game good-bye."
said i-orti. "We just can't gise them good
iicld positiott. if we control lltc hall and gite
tlrerlt poor field position. like inside the it)
ynld lirle. i feel our detense \ilii hold out."

in ntolc tlte football. tlte Dulles trlttst rely
on sophomore quarterback .\llke Milano.
who played impressitelt In his \.|l\il) debut
last Saturday.

.\lilnno completed st\ ot IJ tor 75 talds. r
rncludittg a nifty 25-yard touchdown pass to ,

 

 

 

up w . J‘, igqrgilr! ‘ i-  M
. _   . » «w is. m.
h r v' . ~ I. '2‘ '_ y;\ ,. v"""“fvs.‘;v'.,' ‘ '° ’rn‘ “T’f;
. (IV- H  1.: . “3.7 «t_
I '. I .   4;... a Andean... .

       

 

 [5P le'M BER 3 0, / 983

   
 
 

Danes to visit top-ranked Dutchmen tomorrow

the offensive iirlerttett wlto will start against
Urlion tottlorrow lligllt will go irtto the game
witil lto tllorc tilalt thrcc varsity gatttcs under
their belts.'l'lte erld result could have Milnno
hecolning quite irttitttate with Union‘s
ltstrotttrf before tlle rtigllt is over.

Since tlte Danes are rlol expected to be put-
tirlg too many poiltls oil the board against a
Urliorl defense that's otlly allowed scsen so
far tilis year. they will ilave to dcpertd on
their reliable dcfetlse to stifle tllc Dlrtcltrrlllll
attack.

The Darles‘ defense. fresh frortt shutting
otlt llrockport. will ltavc tlteir work cut ottt
for llterrl agairtst a very talented Urliort of-
t‘ense.

'l'ilc Dutchmen trsc a multiple atld
widespread systcttt wlliclt utliiles tllc strong
lift“ of their junior quarterback. Dan Stewart

ilt order for tile Darles to contain tlle
Union offense. they will have to put some
kind of pressure oll Stewart.

“We've got to at least squeeze Stewart. not
necessltrily sltck him. btlt jlrst to pllt oll
ertotrgh pressure to at least rtlslt his tltrows a
hit." said I-‘ord. “(live tllllt guy tirlle arld
he'll tear you apart."

Senior defensilc tackle .iittl Carll‘ield. who
recorded one stick last week while creating all
kinds of disturballces ill the llr'ockpott
backfield. will he looked ltpolt tottlotlotv
night to do the same.

llnton‘s offense also fcatlltes two fine
Ittilltltcks. innior .lohn Johnson attd settiot

 

 

llob ilrian.

“()serall. l was pleased with ills perfor-
nlance.“ said had. "lie rltade a ten had
mistakes but that |rlolr.tlll_\ ltad to do \\illl

ED MAHUSSICH UPS
The Danes will battle the Union College Dutchmen at Union tomorrow night. The
Dutchmen are tied for the top spot in the Division ill New York State poll.

llill llntrler.

“All ill all. Union has a well-balanced of-
I'ensite attack." said l~'old. "'l'hey constantly
keep you off guard."

 

lirst-eantc iitters."

A couple ol tltlrtus tlte Danes‘ eoncltlltg
stall seem to be most lllll‘tt'sst‘tl tsith irt tlletr
young quarterback is his throwing arm.
which sllotlld enhance the Albany wisllbone
oftensc. arld his leadership qualities.

“.‘slilarlo call rtltt atrd pass equally well."

said liotd. “And when he does tlttott. lte
cottlcs user with authority."

Haiti ol‘t'crtsite backfield eoaelt l'ddie
lalooln: “Ile‘sa go-get-hirlt typeol‘guy with
tile type of confidence tltltt pours out to tile
whole team."

Against Union. the Danes platl to rnis up

the rltrt attd pass. l‘lley will go with two basic
sets: tlte \\ ishbotte atld a lip set. a double slot
wllicll. according to Ford. is jllst lt "run and
sltoot type of thing."

One of the Datlcs' nagging problems still is
the inexpelience of the offetlsive line. which
ltas heert deeilttated by injuries. Four of the

l'olllorlow“s odd 7:]tl p.nl. kickoff linle
hopes to attract a capacity cl'nwd btlt Union‘s
conclt AI Ilagnoli feels the rivalry will draw
fans by itself: “Of course the garlic has
special meaning for botll sides because we're
so close to each other geographically. arid the
17>

Netmen topple Engineers; hos

 

By Keith Marder
ind in the Great Danes Classic

 

“After tying RH for sci

 

last Saturday. the Albany State men‘s tennis learn beat the
Engineers ill a dual meet for tile fifth year irl a row on
Thursday by a score of 6-3.

They did so in a very commanding fashion; in fact. tlle
only singles match tilat was rtot taken by Albany was
number six. where regular Mike Derrnatlsky did not com-

pcte due to all injury. After winning the singles matches
5~i. the doubles matches were all bllt acaderrlic.

Coach Jitrl Serbalik attributes this dramatic tttrllabottt to
ttvo things: the bad draw they received in the Great Dane
Classic. and tile team's mental altitlldc. “They kept
everything irl perspective. they were proud of what they
did. (in the Classic) bllt still came otrl to practice this week
and worked very hard." Captain Dave Ulriclt echoed these
sentitrtcnts by saying. "We expected a tight match and we

 

   

 
  

("3’

v a,”

 

uvs’

Rob Karen won his match as the men's tennis team beat i'tPi. The netmen wttl host the ECACs today and tomor-

tow. Albany In 2-1 this season with yesterday's vloctory.

t ECA Cs today

were all psyclled to play. Everyone came up with big poirrls
when we needed them."

Coaell Serbalik hopes that this victory that tipped the
team's record to 2~l will be one more step in the direction
of forgetting last year's team. “This team gets no respect.
and people are always talking about last year's team. I
don‘t even know who was here last year. Bjorn Borg could
have been here last year and i wouldn't have known it."
commented the affable coach. Serbalik is serving as irtteritrt
eoacll while Bob Lewis is recovering from an injury.

This scents to be the feelings of this wltolc talented
squad. which is rltadc apparent by sophntore Jay Eiscnbcrg.
wilo said. "i wislt people would forget about'our losses
front last year. and worry abotlt what we ltavc this year. We
have a very strong team which I'in' lied second ill the Great
Dane (‘lns le. which is the best tllist dm has ever dottc. Jittl
(Serbalik) is doing a super job —— he came irt without knowv
ing trs and ttlrtted us irtto a closely knit unit."

Only two of the six singles nlalehes had to go to a
dcccsive third set. In a match that took almost two hours.
Albany's l'ont Schnlit/ defeated Rl’l's Roll l.i||y 24». 6-2,
7-6. the otllet lttatcit that went the distance was taken by
RH. where Mark l)utt defeated Albany‘s Mark Sanders
7-6. 3-6. 0-}.

The other four singles ltlatcitcs were taken irt straight sets
by tile Great Danes. Number one Dave Ulrich defeated l n-
jos llotvath (1-2. 6-4. Number three Rob Karen won his
ltlatell over Rich \\'nt 's. to]. 7»5. Number follr Date
(irossrnan eltsily defeated .Ioltn Valenti. 0-2. ti»: attd
rttlltlher the Jay liiscnberg took .let't' Ressirli 6-2, (r4.

'l‘ile doubles learns didn't fare as well. One reason for that
is because they had nothing at stake. Another is because
Albany was rtot paired irl its tlsttal doubles scts. because ill
today's liCAC totltltalttertt a player cannot compete ill
botlt singles altti doubles and the coach wanted to give some
new people some practice together before the tournaltterlt.
Still. Albany's learn of Ulrich altd Dave Keinerlnan corn-
bitted to bury Ri'l‘s .leff lissin arid Cllarlic Madden ilt
straight sets (t-Z. 6—l.

NET NOTES: E(.‘A(Ts began this morning with an expected
turnout of 25 teuuls...Serhallk is hoping to have Dermun-
sky hack for 'I'uesday's match with ()swego it
Duties will host SUNYAC Championships and are ill quest
of their fifth straight conference title. l '

 

 

 

 

, H“... h-.. 7., v ..... v.

 

 

 

Posting areas on the Podium

 

 

WARREN BYOUT UPS

"II is Iakerr for granled that a poster is legililrrute. " said Director of Strident Programming Richie Golubaw.

SA misses anti-semite poster

 

By Liz Reich

STA FF WRITER

 

A number of anti-Semctic posters trad to be taken down
Friday afternoon due to their offensive message. even
thouglt they were approved by the Student Association. ac-
cordirlg to Student Activities Director James Doellcfeld.

Tile posters announced a Druid Lodge "Getting Ac-
quainted Ceremony” and advertised to “try tlte
alternative."

Tile poster also stated that after tllc ceremony tlterc
would be a “human sacriﬁce followed by revelry." This
was seen as a ‘biatant assault aimed at Jewish students."
said SA Director of Student Programming Richie
Golabow.

Tile handwritten black and white poster states that Druid
lodge Would meet at Chapel House. 9 pm. Thursday.
September 29. “We are trying to analyze the poster for
what it really says," said Goltlbow. The ntost prominent
lettering orl tile poster says "try the alternative." and RZA
stands for “Revisionist Zionist Alternative." he explained.

“The Druid Lodges were a pagan ctllt attd we think the
‘hnmall sacrifice followed by revclry' refers to the death of
Christ arid the celebratiott that followed. The ‘(lcttitlg Ac-
quainted Cercntony' listed oll the poster was at the satttc
day arid little as a Simchat Torah party sponsored at Chapel
liottse by the Jewish Student Coalitionﬁllillel and RZA.
There was a concentration of these posters on Dutch Quad.
i believe the fact that tltere is a Koschcr rtteal plan orl
Dtttclt. which a lot of Jewish studcrlts use. ltas a lot to do
with the posters being pltt up there."

No one sceltls to krlotv tile exact number of posters
printed. JSC-liillcl President Cllcryl Smith said “they were
visible on Dlltelt Quad. btrt trot plastered ttll over.“

Neitllcr SA nor RZA knows who is rcsportsibic for the
poster. "We have notions of who (lid this. bttt can't say."
said (iolubow. RZA President Steve liil'lertrath said.
“Whoever pill the posters up is sick. There ltre ll lot of
crazies otrt there. You can't poirlt a finger unless yott have
evidence. which we don‘t."

Golubow expressed concern that the poster \ 'as ttpprov
ed by SA for posting. “It is takcrl for granted that a poster
is legitimate. No one is checking it." he said.

Posters are date-stumped at tile Campus Center lnfornttt~
tiott desk ortiy it they “announce events sponsored by
recogrli/cd campus ot'gluti/ations." according to the SA
l-ixterior Poster Policy.

"This poster should ttot have been stamped because it
does ttot reflect sponsorship of the activity." said
Docllcfcld. "Somebody made a mistake nltd stamped it. i
don't know who it was."

The poster approval policy was explained by an
anonymous Graduate Student As"statlt who works ltt the
Campus Center information Desk. “ there are tit) student

 

assistants who work at the desk and ﬁve graduate assistants
who are in charge of ‘the desk. Approximatcy 10 to is
posters are submitted for approval every day. Most are
looked over carefully. Usually one or twu a week are con-
sidered offensive. Often it is sttrff against women. When
someone submits an offensive poster we send them to see
Jim Docllcfcld." he said.

Doeilefeld attributes the poster’s approval to the fact,
that "there are nlany student assistants at the Campus
Center lltfornlution Desk. Because they are new. they are
inexperienced. Whoever authorized this is a new employee.
This is the kind of mistake that can occur early in tile fall
semester. bllt i would be surprised to see it later art in the
year."

“it is very subjective as to what is considered offensive.
For example. last year a sexual term was used ill a fun ly
way to advertise a party on lndian. it was rtot rncatlt to
offensive. but some girls cattle in to complain." the
graduate student assistant added.

He also said that the poster policy is vaglre because non-
cltmpus organizaions call sttbtrtit posters for approval. “but
they can only be llltrlg on tile two octagons in front of the
Campus Center. it could be anything frortl ‘roomtnatc
wanted' to all lldvcrtisertlent for a bar. lint it could ttot be
anything offensive."

Doellcfeld said. “i sent a person otrt Tuesday arid asked
them to remove all the posters they could locate oil the
podittttl atld they fotttld one. The next day they found a
ltlttttber located on Dutch Quad."

SA plans to make the poster approval policy more str-
ingent by rccogni/ing only those cttrttpus organizations for
which they have tltc name of ti corttact person. Goltrbow ex-
plained. "this is a grey area within SA. We have cards orl
file for groups bttt no member's listed as contact people for
the groups."

To remedy this. Crolubow has “given Peg Aldriclt of Stu-
dent Activities a list of all tlle currently recognized groups
and site is updating tllcrtt oil a word processor."

Golubow does rtot believe offertsivc posters will be SA—
approved ill the ftttttre due to “the awareness of this poster.
People at the information Desk are going to be watching
for posters like this."

l'liilcnrnth lttcd. “as far as ftlttlrc harassment goes, we
will ltave to Walt attd see. btrt chances ltre ii the person does
it again they will he caught."

Docllefcld said he can't be sure ltotv many offensive
posters are printed by students. “l risk the student
assistants at the Information Desk to send to rlte people
that want posters to be printed that are sexist. racist. anti-
Semctic. or :utti-llandicapped. Most of the people never
conic dowrt the ltall to see tire. The jttst disappear."

He called this incident “an act of harassment which i will
ttot tolerate." artd said. “The United States Constitutional
“rights will be preserved on this campus." l l

 

n-..-....‘.y. ﬂu“... .,..H.. ... M , "

Tuesday‘

October 4, 1983

NUMBER 30

 

 

 

 

Minorities question
enforcement of
equal access policy

 

By Alicia Cimbora

"The State University of New York at Albany provides
equal access to all those qualified and prohibits denial of
access on the basis of any personal characteristic that is
rlot related to a person's ability to perform in a position.
to be successful academically or to observe the standards
and regulations governing the use of services and pro-
grams. This policy speciﬁcally includes matters of sexual
preference blll is not lintitcd to titern. . ."

This policy statement. issued May 7. Wilt). is tlle official
standard of the University at Albany on equality of op-
portunity. Tltc questions are: ltow effective is it. arld how
do llrllversity grolrps vulnerable tothe types of discrimina-
tiorl described in the policy feel about its effectiveness?

Gloria DcSolc. the Director of Afﬁrnltltive Action. said
she felt that tile discrimination policy 'is a very relevant
issue and that its importance should not be
underestimated. Site also said SUNYA is a forerunner in
this type of policy. and that in ligllt of the delicate subject
matter. handles it very smoothly.

Presently being considered is the possibility of a
statewide non-discrimination policy which would impose
a policy similar to SUNYA's on all state institutions.
DcSole said. 1

Some groups on campus feel the policy is ambiguously
enforced. and others question whether it is enforced at all.

Eddie Edwards. the president of Albany State Universi-
ty Black Alliance (ASUBA). said that one of the biggest
problems is lack of information among students and
subsequent luck of communication with the ad-
ministration. “Pollcy is one thing," he said. “but en-
forcement is another."

This sentiment was evoked by the president of the
Albany chapter of the National Association for the Ad-
vancement of Colored People (NAACP). Duncan Bailey.
“The policy in itself is a good one. but the problem lies in
the people it governs." he said.

One speciﬁc act of discrimination in apparent violation
of university policy is the exclusion of homosexuals from
upper level courses in the military Reserve Ofﬁcers Train-
ing Corps (ROTC). Officials ofthc SUNYA Gay and Les-
bian Alliance (GALA) contend that by allowing all ROTC
ofﬁce on campus, the university violates its own policy.

Mark Eagle. ll member of GALA. said that although he
has no intention of joining ROTC. lte is "annoyed and
frustrated" at not being able to participate if he so chose.

According to Capt. David P. Conghran. an ROTC in-
structor at Siena College. basic freshman and sophomore
collrses are not restricted art the basis of sexual
preference. bllt ill the junior year. a contract is required
which specifically relates to sexual preference.

Congllrlttl emphasized that the law prohibitittg the in-
duction of homosexuals ittto the military is a Congres-
.sionltl law —— riot a nlilitary law.

ROTC representatives at tile SUNYA gyrtl were not
available for comment on the isslte.

When asked whether having ROTC otl campus is a
violation of the anti-discrimination policy. SUNYA Vice
President for University Affairs Lewis P. Welch saidéh>at

 

 

: ._.._- aces.

 

 

 

