 

 

 

 

 

 

Welcome Back Weekend at ' 
THE 'HULLA-BAW ‘

ONE

RECORDS a: TAPES

 

featuring:
New York 8: long lsland’s#1 Band,

(Between Like It Ounll)
Near J.B. Scott's

463-7388

HOURS
11-6 M.T.W.Sat
11‘8 TH.Fri

 

Saturday - Jan. 29‘
at the

HULLA -BAL00

1006 6th St. Rensellaer 436-1663

 

 

299 CENTRAL AVE. - ALBANY

10% OFF EVERYTHING

WWWWWWW

with $15. or more purchase
(tapes, cutouts, latest hits, imports, etc.)

We have the BEST prices in Albany. and we'll prove it
with these specials.
We'll beat any advertised price. Bring in copy of any ad.

and we'll beat the price.

Free Parking Alongside Store

  

 

 

 

   

 

 

The areas Ojdest and eligible college students.
largest computer dealer fOCUllV Grid employees,   
ts‘now offering major For example. you can  
discounts to students purchase the lBM personal
and faculty on selected computer at an unbeliev- 
computer equrpment. By able 20% off the list price! Check out our entire list of analyze your needs and
:rpeﬁtaéarrangement wrth Or the popular Apple l|+ specially priced computers suggest the system that's
e u son-Mohawk personal computer with and equipment today. right for ou—at a 'c
ASSOCtOlIOth Colleges disk drive for 18% off the‘ The friendly experts at ou c y ft p“ Je
and Untversrttes. the list price. the Computer Room will v on 0 0rd
Computer Room is slashing
45 to 20% off list prices to
BRING YOUR I.D.
Students will be asked to pro id ’ I ‘ I
proototenrollmenl from theirv e |The area S OldeSt and
university or college. Faculty wlll argeSI com purer dealer
be asked to show an ID
Students and faculty are
required to tdontiiy tl‘iomselvos
to the store manager prior to
shopping In order to purchase ‘ '
under this plan. All sales Will be
by cash. bank check or certilled
check at the time the equipment
Is picked up. Credit cards will i
not be accepted.
Capital District- 1492 Central Aven
- ue. Colonl ~ -
Glens Falls: 28 Ridge Street- (513)7984446 e (518] 869 3818
‘t\IV\‘  “I ' ‘3

"'3' {WmemﬁmmiiﬁwﬁW-WﬁmﬁmthW»nnku“audit “wwuw ' -  , an“; _.  _

 

 

 

 

 

Editor’s Aspect

elcome back. Here we are again. back to the concrete we call
Whome. Back to our friends. our work. our play. etc.. etc.

Vacation was very nice. there were some exciting moments
that brightened up the weeks; Diana Vreeland's exhibit of La Belle
Epoque at the Met was truly memorable as was my first viewing of
the classic movie Caddyshack. marking Bill Murray in his boxer
shorts first in my heart.

And now. Albany. It’s wonderful seeing friends that I haven’t seen
in six weeks; while greeting some Tuesday. I felt that I was embrac-
ing family rather than friends. I got to thinking about how important
my friends have been to me over the years; the love and support we
have all shared has been a source of real strength and encourage-
ment.

This brings to mind the issue of what “family” actually is, The
word family has been a strange word for me. Coming from a family
with two divorces. the institution of marriage has posed many com-
plexities. Now. with the odds that one out of two marriages will end
up in divorce. the philosophical aspects of joining lives with a
license can cause tremendous emotional confusion,

So what is a faintly and what is it supposed to do? Ask any one
person and they will give you any number of completely different
responses- from the ultimate support systetn to a total commitment
or even a mental construct. in any case; it has been a tradition that
we have all been brought up with. in one way or another. However
good or bad. the status of the American family has radically changed
3 over the past twenty-five years. Since the sixties/baby boom. the
‘ldt'lflll the lllilllt' unit has changed tlraslit ally. lii\'t art). a once taboo
Word that brought on" hushed t'xclaitnations of a radically (llllt'lt'lll
reality filled \vtth images of reckless parents and unstable. insecure
children. has transformed itself ltito a common. almost mundane
icxpericnce. (When I say mundane. I don't mean to trivialize the
:condilion. only to accomotlate its acceptance.) Up until lfltib' or so.
this definition prevailed. After the sixties sentiment of fret- low. the
seventies tempertncnt consisted of independence. noticommilmr'nt.
and hedonism. Hence. the “me generation". The idea of marriage
became as popular as Nixon and the divorce rate tripled. Women
wanted to work. not reproduce. and men waited longer and longer
before even thinking about settling down. much less starting a faint
ly. So what was the purpose of getting married anyway? Living
together became the next best alternative. providing a couple that
actually wanted to be together the security of full time companion-
ship. the convenience of one bed. minus the messiness of lawyers
and alimony.

Unfortunately breaking up is still breaking up and regardless of
whether one has a certificate to tear up after its finished. the fact of
the matter is. the pain and suffering are there, married or not. Fur
thermore. with the pie-cohabitation agreements and palimony. liv-
ing together was found to be just as “messy” a situation as getting
married. So back to the drawing board. What's next?

Over the course of the past century. a completely new code of
ethics and morality has developed. or perhaps simply come out of
the closet. Alternative lifestyles have become more common than
not. and is continually surrounded by controversy: the Moral Majori-
ty and the Church. Gay Rights and the ERA. Objectivity aside.
While the pros and cons can be debated. the darker side of human
behavior has reared its ugly head. Incest. child abuse, wife—beating.
and rape are more prevalent than ever and there seems to be no op-
timistic future ahead. The role of parents has been redefined. in
some cases disposed of completely. With the roles of men and
women unclear. the roles of parents have been confused. refused.
and more often than not, rebelled against.

50 where does that leave us? Obviously. we are in serious need of
some support. While the “back-to-basics" routine seems sickening.
perhaps some real responsibility should be thought about before do—
ing something that will ultimately affect another persons life. The
thought is idealistic. though. The way we seem to be changed is
through fright; i.e. Now that herpes is an epidemic. suddenly people
are being told that they should check who they sleep with and/or be
more discerning. Newsweek concluded their recent cover story with
the idea “Well. maybe the serious relationship will have more mean~
ing now". But. again. it is a matter of conveniences. it doesn't mat
ter what the issue is or what convictions one has. Will we ever take
an issue seriously simply for the validity or power it has on its own?
Onlv titne will tell. Some say it is running out. some say it is just
beginning. iii any case. we. have to try together to make anything
work. and whether your family are your parents or your friends or
your lovers or your colleagues, we have to do it soon. The demise of

the family can't be our destruction.
Debbie Millman

 

I j ——-3

. a
nSIde A
o o o S

P

4a-5a: Marriage and Divorce: . ;
Coming together—coming apart J

the rise and fall of an ,3
institution. Will there be 2

parents tomorrow? 8

’9

8

3

63-73: Centerfold:
One man’s tale of love
and death—a family tragedy,

8a: Child Abuse:
The trauma of child abuse
and its long term effeCts.
Also. a chance to speak out:
Aspects survey of the family

9a: Childbirth:
A new life. a new way——
a look at childbirth then
and now.

10a: The Role of Parents:
Mr. H.K.D. looks at the
parts parents play and the
roles they regulate. '

12a: Endgames:
The Pudz are back. along
with Spectrum. of course .
Special Thanks to Wayne Peereboom,
Will Yurman, Cathie Ryan, Gail Merrell,
Mickey Franks, Jack Durschlag,
Mark Gesner and Lee Greenstein.

Cover Photograph by Debbie Millman.

 

 

Word On A Wing

In the times to come as the past there will
be generations taking hold as though
lonliness and the genius of struggle has
always dwelt in the heartsof pioneers. To
the question, “What will the story be of the
Family of Man across the near orfarfuture?”
Some would reply, “For the answers read if
can the strange and baffling eyes of youth. ”

Carl Sandburg

 

 

 

 

 

 

