  
 

 ALBANY STUDENTPRESS i: JUNE 27, I983

 

A brief
look at
the events
of the
past year

 

 

ay 28, 1983 marked the passing oi an Albany Institution. Mayor Erastus Corning It. leader at the last at
M the big city political machines, died In a Boston hospital alter a long Illness at age 73. “The Mayor," as
he was commonly known, dominated Albany In unprecedented iashion lor 41 years, and his passing
means certain change tor the city. His successor is Albany Common Council President Thomas M. Whalen Iti
(see story - page 1). _

  

 

 

 

 

 

t‘.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 

 
  

i
t

no at the most surprising events oi at last
0 November‘s elections was the triumph oi
Democrat Mario Cuomo over Republican Lew
Lehrman In the gubenatorlal race. Cuomo scored a
slim victory In the election, winning by a margin oi LAURA nosncxups
""99 Percem- NOW '0 Oiilce Six months. Cuomo is S UNYA's 139th annual commencement was held on University Field on Sunday, May 22. The Class at 1983

 

.4 Add i

currently a rtslne star In the Democratic party. HIs numbered about 2900 graduates, including .2100with Bachelor‘s degrees.
campaign. GIOCNOH. and early SPGBChBS have brought Governor Cuomo made his ilrst ,.r on r since his ' " , and received the Medallion
him to national prominence and he I5 trequentlv men- oi the University, SUNYA's most prestigious award. The commencement speaker was NYU President and iormer
tioned as a desirable vice-presidential candidate. congressman John Bradamas.

 

 

 

 

v-

 

 

 

LISA SIMMONS UPb

JEAN PIERRE LOUIS UPS
T he city oi Albany and SUNYA students locked horns temporarily this app I n episode oi near violence occurred during the World Week celebration,

when an Arab group’s display, considered oiiensive by several Jewish

students, was torn down. The Incident typtiled the itartng conillct between
Jewish and Arab groups on campus. Aiter a number oi speaking events collapsed
into shouting matches. and the World Week incident, an eitort headed by
AtrtcanIAiro-American Studies Department Chairman Frank Pogue was made to
reconcile the groups.

ing over an 0" Campus Association-sponsored party In Washington Park.

Common Council President (now Albany mayor) Thomas M. Whaien Ill
cancelled the event tor security reasons, not aware that a permit had already
been issued. SA. brought the issue to court and won a temporary injunction. The
party was held succeestulty. .

   
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

.. v. . n. .s . w... _....._.... -.._...... -w..- CW..." .,....._«

JUNEZ7, 1983 D ALBANY STUDENTPRESS 3

Massive tuition increase will take effect this fall

 

 

By Amey Adams
STAFF It rut/m

ﬁ__ _ __._____.__._

The largest single tuition increase in SUNY
history is sclteduled to hit students this fall.

On May 25. The State University Board of
Trustees approved a tttitiort increase of $300
for resident undergraduates, and $450 for
grtrdunte students. There will also be a dor-
mitory renlul incrcttse ol' $l50.

This means tlrnt resident undergraduates
will pity $1350 irt ttritiorr and $1400 for rooru
rcnttrl this your, for a total ot‘32750. Resident
graduates will pay tr total US $2l50.

Non-resident students were hit hardest of
all. Undergraduates will pay an extra $900.
bringing their tttitiort up to $2050 at year. Out-
ol'-.stnte graduate students received at ltikc ol'
$|000. for a total bill of $JttIS.

The reason for the irtcrcttsex is (invernor
L‘trotno‘s executive \ltIlL‘ budget. ttccording to
SUNY spokestnrnt Ilttrry Charlton. “Tire
Governor‘s budget required the university to
generate $44 million. The Iionrd of trustee»
is required to produce revcrrrrc ttntl to tune-
tiott within tlte conl'ines til it budget,"
Charlton sttid.

Student trustee turd SASU President .lim
Tierney, however, said ttnnther major factor
it] the tuition hike is the eight-percent
negotiated sttlury increase for for university
employees for the next three years. The salary
increases alone should cause SUNY's budget
to rise $74 million, Tierney explained. "It's
going to be a bad year next year. We expect
proposed increases already ‘— it looks like the
governor is thinking llttll way." Tierrtcy said.

“What they always do is block 5 for
poor and lower income students,“ said
Tierney. "There is it national report by the
American Association of Stute Universities
and Land Grant Colleges which states that
for every 10 percent increase it] tuition. about

 

SUNY ‘ ‘ ‘ rally at Legislative Oiilce Building In February.

 

"They always block llt'L't‘.t'.t‘_/tlr pour trrrrl In wer income .t'lrrrlcnls. "

two percent of students ltttvc to lL‘tnc. We can
expect to lose about five percent ol‘ the cur-
rcnt student population bcctttrsc tltcy cttn‘t
afford it. I think that‘s horrid.“

Along with the tuition and dormitory t'ces,
a number of additional l‘ees were proposed
for the 1983-84 university budget. including
fees for bus service, nthlclics. inl'irrnir'y cure.
mandatory health insurance and damages.
According to Tierney, student scuiccs are at
the low end of the priorities list.

Tierney referred to the outcome of the
SASU-orgttni/cd rttlly ol' l’cbrtrrtry ZR. lti
which over 3000 students protested tltc
budget hikes at the legislature as “at mixed
bug."

“We're never successful witlt in»
creases," he added. "With a budget deficit
of Si .8 billion, we came out pretty buttered.
Iiut SUNY and the Mental Health Care were
the only agencies that got urtytltirrg buck."
Tierney said SASU tlid manage to httlt the
pnssttgc ol‘ the proposed fees.

i

ED MARUSSICM UPS

Art tit'llClL‘ in the March-April issue of the
SUNY newspaper. The News. sttid SUNY
“its the ortly state agency to come up witlt its
owrt plan for generating income. The article
tmcrtcd that “for SUNY. the results did
rrrtrclr to relieve the heavy cloud that had been
hanging over the university for two months.
The l'inul btrdgel adopted rnuclt of SUNY'3
pt‘tipttwd financial plan and along with other
transfers and allocations. earmarked $39.5
rttillion to restore threatened positions and
rescind lttyol‘l's." .

Three students are voted to Executive Council

 

By David LL. Luskin
shill ll‘RllUt

 

In a move which SA President Rich Scinti-
fcr called “unprecedented,” tltrec
undergraduate students were elected tits chairs
of the University Senate Councils on which
they serve.

Tltc three students clccted were: Liszt Kcrr,
Student Affairs Council; Kttllty Lesttstt.
Undergraduate Academic Council; und tlob
Cbaves, University Community Council.
This is the first time that more tlrtttt two
students have been elected chnirs, turd the
first til‘nc a student will be chairing the

’7

Undergraduate Academic Council.

The councils are responstblc I'or presenting
bills to the Executive Committee. which
determines whether or not to bring the bills
before the full Senate for it vote. (Sourtcil
chairs are also members ol‘ the t-kccuthc
Committee, which is the tnan power I'trl body
witltin the Senate.

The significance of this event is a rtuttter
for interpretation. Both Sclutl‘l'cr‘ tutti Cltith‘h
see the elections as it new opportunity for stu-
dent involvement in tire Senate. "Apathy is
otrr biggest problem." ('httvcs explained.
Many students shy away from the Senate.
believing that the ttppr'mirnatc two-thirds

 

 

 

The 1983 Special Olympics Summer Games opened with
torch-lighting ceremonies on the State University ot New and wheemhatrevents.
York at Albany campus on June 17. Albany Mayor Thomas
Whaten III was present tor the opening ceremonies.

The games, along with numerous special events, took
place during the totlowing day at SUNYA. Slena College,
Hudson Valley Community College. Albany Academy and
the Albany Bowlers Club. The events held at SUNYA lnclud- '

led cheerleading, cross~country. track and iteld, physical templ.‘

ittness. soccer, sottbatt, gymnastics, volleyball, swimming

More that 6000 people. including Special Olympians“
coaches and community volunteers were involved in this
year's Summer Games. The games may be competitive. but
everyone who participates is considered a winner — there
are no real losers. The motto ot the Special Olympics ls.
“Let me win. but It I cannot win. let me be brave In the at-

runjority of teaching and non-teaching l'trcut»
ty over the students nullifics any chance for
progress in student ttl'l'rtirs. Cltavcs hopes that
once he tittd the other students begirt to get
things accomplished, tlte student population
will become rtrnre optimisticI and rrrorc in-
volved. Sehtrl‘l‘cr agreed that this inititrtitc is
crucial. claiming that “it' we start itt Iltc
beginning, we cart keep it going all yctu."

According to littgllslt professor Ronald
liosco, President-elect ol~ tltc Scuttle. thch
elections \litiiiltl not be viewed as the remit o!"
n studertt-l'nctrlty power struggle. The three
.slutlcnts who were elected chairs. hc rrolcd.

ED MAHUSSICH UPS

 

were elected by groups with a majority or
faculty. nor students. Tlrey could not have
succeeded without family support.

Tire most important criterion. snid Bosco,
is not olurt i'rrction orrc belongs to, btrt “who
rrctx the most rexponsibly, and who argues
the but." He stressed r’cspnttylblc behavior
rind llItll\lLlilttl skills as lliL‘ keys to effective
student participation in the Senate. explain-
ing llitll "they (the Senators) out its in-
tll\ idntrls," not its members of predetermined
\otrng blocs. lie nddcd tltnt “the issues will
decide" the way it Scrttttor will \nte. not any
stutIcnr-t'ttctrlty allegiance.

Rcrccrirrg tltc rrotiort that these elections
signii'} :t rnttjor brctrktht‘ough in any student-
l'ttculty power struggle, limco said he sees
them tt\ n positive change and a tent oppor-
tunity l’or students to get involved. ll~ the
council chairs httndlc their responsibilities
well. he \tiltl, they will accomplish it great
dcrtl.

The most signil'icnrrt result of the elections
is not in the councils, bttt irt the Executive
Committee. The SA President is the only
gntnttntccd student rrtctrtbcr ol‘ the Commit-
tee. Sclrui‘l'cr' said he “l'clt like (he) was up
trgrrinxt ti brick wttll" lit tt recent rrrceting with
lust ,vcnr‘} Qttrrrrrrittee. Many students have
become disillusioned with the faculty-
tlonrintttcd Committee. complaining that
runny inrportttnt bills are tztbled, never to
reach the Senate floor. This year, SchtttTer
will be joined by Kerr, Lesttsn. and Chaves.
to form the largest student representation —
tour out of :1 total l'ottrtccn members — ever
on tltc Committee. Sclrtrl‘l'er sees this (Is it
rrttrclr needed “ltrrgcr \oicc" for students. If
a bill is about to be tabled. “ ' "til push it
through," Schui'l'cr asserted. Chnvcs added,
“tron we‘ll be able to do some things on the
iixcentitc Committee."

llosco maintained Iltttl 'd I'ew Council
cllttlt'x cannot guarantee anything for the
students. “These claims t'or student power
nnrst be balanced with the fact that the
students were elected with faculty support,
and that they still face a faculty majority in
the Committee. and on the Senate floor," he
said. It students prove themselves intelligent,
responsible and articulate, he said, they can
accomplish a great deal. “The Senate is in
very healthy shape." liosco ttsscrtcd.”es long
to everyone nets responsibly." lZ'l

 

 

