 

 

. ports.

  

NO VEMBER 4,1983

 

 

anes face Buffalo in season finale

By Marc' Berman
tliStX‘I/l f E SI'ORIX EDITOR

 

Coach Bob Ford irra speech to his football
team this week compared the Danes last three
final-minute defeats to gelling your heart
crushed by three differertt girls you've fallen
in love with. '

"The first time a girl breaks up with you,
it’s very painful so you go into your next rela-
tionship a little more guarded." said Ford.
“The secottd time it happens it still hurts and
you go irtto the tltird relationship even more
scared and cynical that it will ltappeii again."

“in football yott can't go into the next
game with a fear ol' failure otherwise you're
going to fail." continrred Ford. "You gotta
go ottt after that win wititotit arty fears."

The 2-(i Albany State football team will try
to adhere to the words of their eoacit when
thct brirrg their littrling record and pairtful
thrce garrtc losing streak into torriortow at'ier-
Itoon‘s contest against host Buffalo litiivcr'si-
ty (0‘2). in a game that should be decided
through tltc air.

'Ihc Buffalo ol'l'ctisc. led by tlte nation's
third ranked passer itt Division III, All-
Airiericati Marty Barret. Itas bcctr labeled by
litany as lite college version of tire Nl'l.'s San
Diego Chargers. \sltose explosive passing at-
tack ltas given credence to the nickname “Air
(,‘or'ycll."

Though no nickname has bccti given to the
Bulls offense. they're passing attack is feared
by the nation's Division [II schools.

The Bulls' game plan itsrrally has Bairct
putting tlte ball up 40 times a game. llis 264
average passing yardage per gante has pirt
him at the very top of the list of the nation‘s
Division III quarterbacks.

Meanwhile, the Danes" quarterback Mlkt
Milano's otttstandirtg passing performance
last week. in which he broke three school
records. won him ECAC Division III offeri-
sive player of the week honors. He passed for
a school record 290 yards, arid ltis 125 at-
tempts and ROI total passing yardage also
broke the Albany season mark set by Tom
Pratt in I982.

“I think Milano is probably the ﬁnest
throwing quarterback we've had except for
Pratt." said Ford of his Huntington-born
sophomore. “He keeps improving each
week."

Looking at the Danes 460 yards of offense
last week. Ford lras to be thinking to con-
tinue the wide-open game plan that hasn't

“Wild. very wild” was the way one
member of the Albany State men's cross-
country team described the very fast IC4A
College Division cross-country Champion-
ships held at Franklin Park in Boston.
Massachusetts last Tuesday at noon. The
College Division Championships were at-
tended by many of the best Division II and
ill teams in the East as well as several Divi-
sion l schools.

Albany competed in the meet for the ﬁrst
time in several years “to get a taste of
national-class competition." according to
Head Coach Bob Munscy. The iC4As pro
vided a gourmet sampling of quality team:
and runners including last year's Division III
runner-up, Brandeis University. who also
won the meet with the out-and-away low
score of 38 points. Power house Glassboro
State ﬁnished second with 7! points, while
Division ll Millersville State took third with a
total of 86 points. Division l powers

Delaware and William and Mary decided to,

drop down from the tougher Championship
Division to run the College race where they
ﬁnished fourth and fifth consecutively.
Albany rival Williams College is enjoying a
strong reason led by four seniors. Williams
placed sixth.

The Danes totaled 28f points to earn a

‘ XXL-2.er.1::.:....a4.«.1.:u . an... _.

"rise

lbs

A wido~opon paulng game In expected when the Danes take on the nation’s thlr

l

g. j a.


' comm... 

into Unlvorolty Bulls at Buffalo tomorrow afternoon.

been his custom in the past.

Receivers Bob Brien, Pete McGrath, Joint
Dnnnely, and Bill Barragan have been doinga
nice job of getting open when running their
short patterns. Last week. Brien broke
another Dane record in reception yardage
with his I47-yard effort.

The key to the Danes passing attack.
however. may be the offensive line. which
has provided Milano with excellent protec-
tion the past two weeks.

Against the Bulls. the offensive litre will be
facing a type of blitzing defense that they
haven't seen since the early part of the season
versus Hofstra.

“This game will really sltow how much our

strong tenth place finish out of Iii teams at-
tending. Albany was only six points back
from eighth place Fitchburg State and only
one point behind Division ll Lowell College.

Although a 10th of IE finish might not

offense has improved." said offensive Iirre
coaclt Martin Shactzle. “We couldn’t stop
the hilt]. too well iti liol‘stra but we were a lot
younger tlten. We've matured since."

The Danes rrriglit have to do some blitzing
of tltcir own to try to pressure Barret.

Without the services of defensive tackle
Jim Carrﬁcltl. who was lost for the rctnaindcr
of the season last when he was chopped down
at his injury-riddled knees, the Danes might
have problems.

We've got to get in there somehow." said
Ford. “We don't necessarily have to sack
him but we got to make liim know that peo-
ple are around."

The Danes realize they can't completely

the 5-niile course in a blazing 23:55. averag—
ing 4:48 per mile. Missa Fossas of Brandeis
was second.

Clements tttrned in the day's outstanding

 

“Everybody went out hard, ran hard,
and dived over the line. ”
--Chris Callaci

 

sound very impressive. the race was deﬁnitely
one of the team's best efforts all season as six
of the seven Albany runners broke or smash-
ed their best times for five miles and the team
ﬁnished fifth among Division III schools.
The Danes also conﬁrmed their early season
strength by ﬁnishing well ahead of Division
ll East Stroudsburg and rivals Colgate and
Union all of whom had lost to Albarty earlier
this season.

The race went out very fast with the leaders
going through the first mile In about 4:30.
“From there, it was really just a matter of
who could hang on and who couldn't." said
sophomore ian Clements who finished ﬁrst
for the Danes. The individual winner overall

performance by ﬁnishing 37th overall. “is
time of 25:2l represents more than a full
minute improvement over his previous 5-miIc
best and averages to 5:04 a mile over hill and
dale.

Showing a dramatic return to form. Dane
co-captain Jim Erwin ﬁnished 46th overall
and ran a best-ever time of 25:35. Junior Ed
McGiII also ran a very strong race. His time
of 25:40 earned him 56th place overall.

it was typical of the race finish that l0 runs
ners would cross the llrie in only 5 seconds
time. Said co-captain Chris Callaci.
“Everybody went out hard, ran hard and
dived over the line. It ws a very high quality
ﬁeld for us to only get 10th." Callaci also

 

ED MARUBBICH UPS

d ranked passer, Marty Barret. and tho Buf-

stop Barrct btrt they are looking to shut down
his deep threat receivers ('ltt'is D'Arnico tttid
John (ireely.

“We'll let Iiirrr throw to the rtrrrrtirig bricks
out of the backfield." said rrrrtttitig back
coach Chuck l’rior'e. “We just got to hit
them right after they receive the hall and not
let them pick tip yardage after the
reception."

The Danes aren't too worried about the
Bulls rttnnitrg attack. which consists of twr
freshman backs.

“The Bulls are either going to wirt or lose
throwing the football." said Ford.

With the Dartes' new passing philosophy.

18>

Albany harriers post impressive times at IC4As

v was Williant King of Millersville who covered

posted a best-ever mark. brrt only barely
finished in the top half of the race. His time
of 25:47 averages ottt to Szltl per mile.
Albany’s fifth man was Chuck lirontrcr
who also ran a personal-best time, bttt was
disappointed with his race. “i should have

gone out harder irt tltc first two miles, but It

didn't and with this race, it was too late to
make it up." he said. Brorrner finisircd 86th
overall and slightly hettcred his best with his
mark of 26:20. Albany's sixth man. Tom
Kacandes, smashed his previous best by more
than a full minute to finish 87th in 26:22.
Said Bronner, "Tom cante way tip to catch
me and we aetttally battled out fire last half
mile between ourselves."

Munsey was very pletsed with the team's
effort. “All our guys ran great races and if
that’s not first place. that's fine with me.
These kids are really coming along. every
single one of them has at least fulﬁlled his
potential and now they're surprising me."
Munsey has decided to rest the team this
weekend and pull out of the relatively unlin-
portant State Championships iii order to trrnc
up his men for the NCAA Qualifiers to be
held at Colgate November I2Ih. "If we can
improve and keep ltcttlflty. we rriigltt just
have ourselves a trip to the Ntitlorials."
Munsey added.

  

  

 

 

PUBLISHED AT THE STA TE UNIVERSITY OF NEW YORK AT ALBANY BY THE ALBANY STUDENT PRESS CORPORATION

Wednesday

@ng November 9, 1 983

é‘iB
PRE

 

NUMBER 40

 

Democrats keep strong grasp in local elections

SA calls for
dismissal of
election head

By Jane Anderson
lttIIUHI/tt assist/1m

Many more students ttirrrcd ottt to vote
vesterday at the orr-ctunptrs polling places
than the ot'f'»cauipus polls. but sortie err-
countered problems which ranged from
misplaced cards to harassment. said Student
Association President Rich Schal’fcr. SA was
very pleased with the general voter turnout.
said Schattct. Although iriariy students ctr—
t‘onntetcd obstacles at their polling places. a
large number of students still fttrtted out to
esctcise their tight to vote. ltc said.

” I'ltis obviously shows a lack of concern
on the part of Ray Kinley (lioatd ol iilectiorts
('otritntssiottct) for the student voter's. Kinley
doesn't want the students to vote," said
Schatter. "We are calling for Kinley's
resignation. arid a statement will be prepared
to that effect." he .s d.

According to Schall‘cr, [5 to 20 percent of
the voter registration cards filled utrt by the
students were sctit to the wrong district.
“When we tried to correct this problem last
week. Kinley gave us the basic stone wall
fieattrrcrrt." he stated.

" People's cards still crtded up in the wrong
districts even after we litrd meticulously
orgariircd tliciir. This is obviously a ploy on
the part of the city not to have the students
vote," said Libby Post. SA Media Director.

“A lot of people’s cards were misfiled."
due to the recent redistricting, said Kinely.
“The students' cards that were misﬁled only
comprise I percent out of all the cards. We
have other things to do besides looking after
rriisﬁled cards." Iic said.

“i would be very surprised if there was that
type of discrepancy (cards being misﬁled)
with the Board of Elections," said Albany
Mayor Thomas Whalen. "They’re usually
rigiit on the mark wtih dotting their i’s and
crossing their t's‘." he declared.

 

 

 

 

Thomas Whalen and Charles i‘ ,
Corrip/ro/ler downplayed slur/en! vote

“Since everyone Itas the same beginning
address (I400 Washington Ave.) you can see
why they had trouble determining which
district :1 card belonged to." said Allen
Maikels. inspector of Elections at the
Thruway House polls.

Suzy Atrlctta, Off-Campus Coordinator.
said that the ofﬁcials at St. Margaret Mary's
seltooi were “harrassing the students. It took
rtic an hour to vote, and we had to get in
touch with a lawyer and everything before i

 

CINDY GALWAV UPS

was able to. They don't want the students to
vote." she asserted.

“The people at Margaret Mary's “didn‘t
know the rules and the laws" concerning the
election process, Schafi'cr said. "25 students
sat there and waited for an flour for the right
to vote. and the ofﬁcials gave different
answers to the same questions" concerning
the students' rights.

Kinley defended the ofﬁcials at Margaret

13>

Unity is evident at Black Solidarity Day

 

By Jay _Thorburn

BIA/5i WIilYE/l

Jordan. “Never have so many been downtrodden by so few for so

long." In addition, Ire called for a condemnation of the South

 

l’rrsrdent Reagan was attacked for his support of the “South
African white racist regime" by Boji Jordan. President of the
American South African Peoples Friendship Association. speaking

at lilack Solidarity Day. Monday, in the campus center. police.

  

ZOPPEL uPa
Professor John Oliver

land and people by companies there.

lit a day of many activities. students were addressed by several

. - SUNYA ofﬁcials and
participated in a gcrteral
strike of their rcgtrltrr
classes. A planned
rnarclt on the podiirrri
was cancelled.

Jordan called Reagan
"a cowboy." criticizing
_ his support of the white
majority rtrie of irttiirily
black and colored South
Africa. Jordan corri-
parcd Reagan with
South African Prime
Minister P.W. Botha.
“The difference between
Reagan and Botha" said
Jordan. “Is the dif-
ference between Twccdlc
Dam and Tweedlc Dee.”

Jordan calch for the
divesting of the US. ties to South Africa because of abuses of the

African government because of its oppressive practices.

A South African exile and a former rncrribcr of the United Na-
tiotts. Jordan said that South Africa is "not just a police state, bttt a
living hell for blttcks" who are beaten, arid cven killed. by white

Another speaker, Dr. John Oliver. Professor of Social Welfare
here at SUNYA, spoke on issues closer to Iiorne.

Oliver called for solidarity of blacks on campuses across New York
State. ()liver defined Solidarity as "a close alignment among the
components of a collectivity" which he sees as “tilt indcspensiblc in-
grcdient for attaining social goals.“

()liver also said that blacks must ltcip themselves change the cotirsc
of their lives. "We have the ability to bring about change, but the
will is not strong enough," said ()Iivcr. “We must help ourselves."

()Iiver said lie has been instrumental in increasing the rtturtbcr of
black students enrolled lll SUNYA undergraduate, graduate and
doctoral programs. In his speech. he said that universities nationwide
Trave very small rrtttnbers of minority students and that there is a need
to increase tirosc numbers.

Dr. Frank l’ogue, SUNYA Vice President for Strident Affairs.
Issued a challenge to black students, as kcytiotc speaker. l’oguc
itatcd that his primary challenge was to achieve academic excellence
so that they may help the communities in which they live.

In it tcleplrorte interview. Poguc said “Attending the University is
a right, not a privilege. Brtt It must be taken advantage of." Black
students, when they have a commitment to the cornrntinity. cart bet-
ter serve it with a quality education. “The payoff In the end is rnuclt
greater for everyone," he said.

Black Solidarity Day is a day of general strike created approx—

“Bvery major power feeds upon the plight of my people," said

its»

Coyne holds
post; bond
issue passes

By Heidi Gralia

Artnritrm ft NI wt. iti/ttm

As expected. the controlling Democratic
Party retained its grasp on Albans t‘uunts Ill
'l'ttesday‘s elections.

in the (‘otnity lisccutive race Democratic
incurubcrtt James D. (‘oyric won for his third
tcttrt, tl\‘t:i\\'llt:l|lllllp.’,ly defeating Republican
candidate and SUNYA graduate i’anl
Iiuigtlttif. by rrtotc lltair “.000 votes.

but (‘in (‘orrtptrollt-r. ('hatlcs ilenr
ingway, the Dcttiocrairc incumbent. easily
won over Republican .qu SUNYA graduate
llllary Ring by nearly l‘),intl votes.

in the ('uunty ('ornptrollci elections. “till
all the results tit cu'ept the district oi
('ocymatis wltcrc the election was in-
\tllltltllctl. Democratic incumbent I:d\sard D.
‘itack beat his Republican opponent Anthony
Russo by more than 25,000 votes.

for (‘onnry Legislature, iii the lltlr
district. Democrat Paul O'Brien tritrrnplrcd
over (.‘iti/cn's l’arty challenger Sharon (ion-
salves who received Sll ortt ot' l,ti44 votes. In
the Ithh district. Charles ('ahili, a Democrat
and Conservative. capttircd L693 of 2.408
votes, emerging victorious over Republican
ttrid Independent Paul Silverstein.

in tire towrt of (itiilderiand. Republican in-
cumbent Kevin R. Moss defeated Democrat
Frank Melt'e for Town Supervisor.

Other results in Guilderiand could not be
obtained Tttcsday night.

Albany Mttyor Thoriias Whaien ill said
Tuesday night that the results of this election
were proof that the Democratic “organiza-
tion is alive and well."

Although Hilary Ring. the Republican
candidate for City Comptroller. lost the elec-
tion, Ire did make a strong showing on cam-
pus. where Ire Itad campaigned heavily. At
some student polling places Ring over-
powered Hetningway. capturing I89 ottt of
247 votes on State Quad and 56 out of 65
votes at the Thruway House where residents
of Colonial Quad voted.

Hemingway acknowledged Tuesday night
.hat he trad not campaigned on campus, ex-
iirrining that he hadn't ltad time. He said that
he believes Ring's‘ success with strident voters
could be attributed to the fact that Ring is a
SUNYA graduate and that Ring lttrd started
campaigning earlier than Hemingway had.

Hemingway said that one of' his goals as
L'orrrptroller is to "improve the fiscal struc-
trtrc of Albany so we (the city) cart get our
credit rating tip to where it sltottld be."
Recently, he explained, the city's credit
rating had been reduced.

With 75 percent ofthe vote in. se.en ot'tlte
:ight proposals voters faced irr this election
tad passed.

Proposal rtttrrrber four. the only one that
failed. was opposed by 57 percent of New
York's voters. The proposal would have
allowed for judges betweeti the ages of 7t)
and 76 to serve tctnporariiy itr their old jobs
to ease court backing.

In the heavily debated bond isstrc. which
author'ires $I.25 billiort worth of botiding by
the state to ltelp rebuild New York's trrtspor-
tatiort works. 52 percent of the voters stip-
ported it. In Albany County, Irowcvcr, the
proposal fttiled by more titan l0.000 votes.

in the Schenectady mayoral raec,
Democrat Karen Johnson narrowa triumph-
ed over Republican incumbent Frank J.
Drrci, who sought ti fourth term. Johnson
received 12.263 of the votes and Ducl rccciv-
:d tl,761. Duci htu called for a recount. El

  
  
 

 

