 

 

University Concert Board and OIFM

proudly present:

AN ALL-STAR JAZZ CONCERT

 

 

featuring:

Nick Brignola and friends:
Dewey Redman - sax
Dave Holland - bass
Jack DeJolmette - drums

 

 

Saturday, April 25rd - 8pm at Page Hall
(Albany)

TICKETS: $5 SUNYA Students, $8 PubliC

TICKETS available in Campus Center Lobby

from loam-4 m
Call 457-8590 for morepinformation.

SA FUNDED

j.

 
    

 

 

By Muddl Kan
smu- lt‘R/llzlt’

The recettt change in tltc drinking age has
sent Albany freshmen scratttbliug to find
ways of changing tltc birtltdates on tltcir ID
cards.

In tltc past ten days over 25 l'rcshtncn have

i had their SUNYA ll) cards confiscated at tltc

Rnthskcller. according to Strident Activities
Director Jim Docllcl‘eld.

The eonl'iscatcd ll) cards were described
by Docllel‘cld as bcittg "basically a bad job."
Some ll)‘s wcrc rclamiuatcd with a ttcw label
underneath and olhets had put the label rigltt
over tltc lantittatiott.

Under a recent Federal law, “The l‘alsc
Identification ('rimittal Control Act."
anyone who alters or tatnpcrs with stttdettt
ll)'s “shall suffer a line of $25,000 or im-
prisotttttcnt for live years. or both."
Docllcl‘cld added that "it wottld be ttttlikely
tltttl tltc ttnivctsity would press charges."

Rathskcllcr Food Service Director l.cstcr
l-lyucs attributed tltc recent crackdown on
ttltcrcd SUNY ll)'s to tltc raising of the stale
drinking age tltis past December. "We first
noticed altctcd ll)'s itt February. bttt we've
been cracking down since vactttiott. II" we lose
our llt|ltUl liccnsc it at‘l‘ccts every stttdcttt on
this campus."

Rich Macchi. who checks ll)‘s al the Rat.
described how tampered ll)'s atc dctcctcd.
Suspicious looking ll)'s ate ltcld up to the
ligltl and scttttitti/cd l‘ot' irregularities. such
as wrinkles or superimposed labels.

Al'lcr belttg dctned permission to drink at
the Rat. tltc stttdcttts were told to gel tcm-
pot'aty ll)‘s l't'om Docllcl'cld.

(letting a new II) is ttot tltc only problem
tltc stttdcnts ttow l'acc. According to
Docllet‘cld. tltc stttdettt is tltctt referred to tltc
Univctslty Judicial lloard. which hattdlcs any
ntattcrs that are ttot quad related.

According to Assistant to the Dean Alice
Corbin. “The use ol‘ I'alsil'icd ll)‘s might be

APRIL [5, 1983 El ALBANYSTUDENTPRESS 5

 

 

student Vbalng prooledat§UVNYA ‘ﬁathskellar
Raising o/rll'iIt/rittg ata- lt‘lll/X Io nton'julst' II)‘.s.

“Alcohol” sections ol‘ tltc Will-83 "Univer-
sity Slttdcut Guidelines.“

The students whose ll)‘.s were confiscated
were referred to tltc University Student
Judicial lloatd. According to Assistant to lllL‘
Dean of Students Karlccn Karlsott. students
have three options al‘lcr tltcy ' ' ‘ tltcir lct-
tct' ol' t‘el‘ctt'al. ()uc optiott is that ol‘ mtttual
cottsent. wherein the referred party agrees to
plead gttilt ' The second option is to have a
heating ot'l'i er listctt to tltc student's casc
attd tltctt rendering a dccisiott. The I‘inal op-
tion is for tltc stttdcttl to ptcsent his or ltcr
case to tltc Student Judicial lloatd which is
composed of l] sttttlettts.

Katlsott said. “University action will be

P
a
P.

 

taken agatnst tltc tcl‘ct‘t'cd student. The
uniwrsity looks at this as a sctious ol'l'ettse."

“A judicial lcttcr ol‘ warning placed itt tltc
studcttts pcttnaucttt tccotd tile is tltc
tnittitnum disciplinary actiott that will be
taken." said Karlsott. “We're going to look
at tltc studcttls' attitudes and cams. and
check to see il’ prcviotts disciplinary action
has been taken."

l)oc|lct'c|d added. “This kind of tampering
can ltavc an cl'l‘cct on graduate. law schools
attd t'uttuc careers."

l’tcscntly. ottc sttulcnt is in the process of
agtccing to ttuttttal consent. The remaining
cases ltavc ttot yet been reviewed. “We expcct

to have all tltc cases completed by tltc ettd ot'

WARREN STOUT UPS

the semester." said Kartsott.

()ttc I‘rcslunan wlto dcclittcd to he idctt-
tit'icd csplaincd. "l hlottcd ottt my hitthdalc
atul pttt a new sticker on it with a new date
attd tltctt a trattsparattccy over it." He added.
"Next titne i will think twice about using a
tatttpcrcd ll)."

Another student who tried to use a pltotty
ID commented. “I‘m going to be l‘) in three
months; this is a real pain."

Macchi explained that lie docstt't enjoy
cont'iscatittg stttdcttts |l)s. "It‘s tottgh for tire
wltctt it's a girl who's caught attd shc's
upset." He added. "I don't give any second
chances though. I got to do what I got to
do." '

 

 

 

 

_ ,._, 

C. x. -.7:-_-s.r_.- «_

i: * 0
l

       
   
   
  
   
 
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
    
 

  

~ Ernanzr swarm
f
U

 

«If 4‘ “4-: .

 
 

Q

e‘i -

o-

‘

o - " I‘ at ‘ p\ l! ’ g- V 0
§ 0 s

39 UNIVERSITY CONCERT BOARD and 91 FM

PRESENT...

 

“mwmwwnwnw-w~— -‘ u u  .

.Ama;=r»‘,=x;ux_  .. . I . ‘
. t I

AN EVENING WITH

IOIII‘IA HAIIIIIOIIEII

AT PAGE HALL
WEDNESDAY APRIL 20th at 8 PM

 

TICKETS:

$5 SUNYA STUDENTS,
87 PUBLIC

TICKETS available at Campus Center L
From 10AM-4PM. CALL 457-8390 Forgitaglye'
information.

   

 

  

sat... 1* em... .. ..

   

 

 

itt violation of tltc “l’urgcry attd Fraud" or

“Hogan ’3

By Atncy Adams

.sI,-tll II'RIIIIR

'l‘he ltorror ot~ tltc Holocaust still haunts Robert Clary.
Rckaowucd for his role as Corporal Louis l.allcau on tltc
television series Hogan's Ilt'mt-s'. Clary is a volunteer
sp -akct' l'or tltc Simon Wicscnthal Center.

in his speech ’l‘hut'sday night in LC 23. which was spon—
sotcd hy .lSC-llillcl. Clary t'ecallcd ltow he and his parents
\tcre sent to a concentration camp in (‘ossaic. Ctettnany.
However. his sister hid itt a bathroom with her mother‘s
ditcetiou. enabling ltcr to escape dcportatiott. He said his
mother mgcd him to join ltcr. httt ltc rct‘nscd.

 

women srour um.
obert Clary_

'tllllt'll to. (kill; uhrﬁﬁhiv lK‘deburri

 

  
     
    

"I worshiped my motltct. attd I could not bear tltc

thought of being separated from her. She begged tire to go.
but i would not.” Clary said. He is tltc only survivor of tltc
13 members of his ittttttcdiatc l‘amily \tho were deported. he
ttoted.
“We were shoved ittto bttscs. From that day. Septcmher 23.
I942." lte continued. “until tltc day l was liberated, /\|ltll
ll. HMS. I never knew a quiet moment. l “as shoved and
pushed and kicked attd scrcatttcd at."

First tltc group was taken to the police station. Clary
said. wltcte tltcy were detained until morning. in tltc morn-
ing. ltc said. tltcy were “shoved onto buses again.“ attd
taken to tltc traitt station. ()ne hnttdtcd people were ctam—
tttcd into each cattle car with straw on tltc t'loor. described
Clary.

“'l‘he Na/is were very very clever with what they were do
ing. They never told what was going to ltappctt to you.
because. believe me. it' we knew we \sete going to he led like
cattle to tltc slaughterhouse like we were. we would lta\c
tlonc something ttbottt it," ltc claimed. “We would have
killed them. we would have killed ourscltcs. We would ttot
ltave lct ourselves be lctl like cattle to the slattglttet'housc."
be repeated.

The first stop was tltc (icrman towtt ot' Cossair neat
Auschwitz. according to Clary. He said it was there wltcrc
l)r. Mcttgclc. a Nazi experimenter, who (‘lury called “The
Attgcl of Death." separated him from his family. While
Mcttgclc parlcd his family. Clary ‘ tllcd tltat he was
“lucky to have been spared." He was small for his age. lte
said. but sotncone told an SS officer that he was l(| attd old
enough to work in tltc slave labor camps.

Clary spent the next 19 months at the labor eatnp work-
ing ill a factory. The prisoners. ltc said. were led "black hot
water that tltcy called coffee. atttl lttkc wartu vater which
tltcy called soup. with a turnip-like vcgctahle in it. For sup-
per tltcy received a slice ot‘ bread with some margarine. ltc
remembered.

“I would streak at night ittto tltc pig sly to steal old
potatoes and rottcn rutahagos that the pigs did not want. ll~
tltc guards had seett the they would ltave shot me." Clary
said.

After tltc labor camp, Clary was ttattsl'crrcd to a concen-
tration cantp.

"Suddenly you were not what you were. You were ttot a
human hcittg. You were cattle atul btattdcd cattle at that."
lie said. “We bc'amc sttbltutttatt. bccausc all we could
think abottt was food."

ltt January of [045. Clary related. tltc Russians wct'c atl-
vattcittg. 'l'hc Na/is cause to ctacuatc their concentration
camps ttear tltc border. said Clary. "’l‘hc Death Marches,"
ltc explained. were initiated. l’tisottcrs \vcrc lead out of tltc

 

Heroes ’ ’ star Clary recalls Nazi terror

camps on foot, ltc saitl.

"We marched 15 days attd 15 nights. Twice a day we got
a slice ol‘ bread." lte said.

Clary attd two friends walked at tltc ltcad ol' tltc line. to
keep tltcir tnoralc up. ltc explained. “For two weeks all we
heard was gun shots. It' you sat down without pcrmission
yott were shot."

()l~ tltc 4.000 Jews who set ottt t'rom Clary's catnp. only
l.2(l() reached their destination. at anotltcr camp Buchcn-
wald.

lll littchcnwald. Clary was sent to "tltc littlc camp."
where he said his group ot' tnorc than l.2(l0 were locked in-
to a theatre for cigltt days.

“People were dying left and rigltt. But you know why
tltcy left us itt that tlteatt‘e'l— people were ttot dyittg l‘ast
enough in the barracks t'or tts to take their place. explain-
cd Clary. “You used to wake up with corpses all around
you." he said.

There Clary tttct two non-Jewish Frenchmen who took
pity on him attd hid him in "tltc big camp.” ltc said. He rc-
maittcd itt littchettwald tttttil lie was liberated by tltc
American 3rd Arttty itt I945.

When he retttrttcd home. Clary said. he refused to discuss
his experience itt tltc concentration camps. For more than
35 yet al‘tct'ss'ards ltc kept silent, he said.

“like most survivors I never watttcd to talk about my
pcricnccs. Once I became a htttnan bcing agatn i did not
wattt to relive my 31 ntonths in ltcll. llut tltc world situation
dcmattds that people like me be vocal." ltc stressed.

Clary said lte is attgry about a group of people called
“Rcvisionists."who publish a magazine entitled. The In-
.v/t'lu/io/t of His'mrt't'u/ Rt’l'il’ltl. Clary explained these revi-
sionists dctty tltc fact that six million Jews died in World
War ll. 'l‘hc revisionists. Clary said. are "intellectuals."
many ol‘ them with doctoral degrees.

"There is a professor at Northwestern University. his
ttatttc is Butts. attd he wrote a book itt 1977 called The Hoax
of My 'I‘wvltlit'l/t Century. i read that book and l was sick
for a whole week." he said.

“No one was sent to tltc gas chambers. tltcy (the
chambers) were there to kill lice." Clary said llutts cott-
tends. No ottc was sent to tltc ovens. tltcy were there to
t tkc bread. Do you kttow what it means whctt most of your
t‘antily is lice and bread?" Clary demanded.

 

Clary said that he sees the revisionist tnovcment and the
resurgence ot‘ tltc Neo-Ntt/i movement its a “cancer that has
to be eliminated now."

"Apatlty is tltc worst thing that cntt happen ltt this
world." stt'csscd Clary. “l‘eoplc t'orgct too last. and sooni
means nothing to them." [,1

