  

 

  

  

NOW .. ..
YOU CAN LEARN BOTH!

i ' . FINALLYI A SPEED READING PROGRAM THAT CUTS VOUR
. ‘é READING TIME WITIIOUT SACRIFICINO COMPREHENSION Ol‘t RECALLI
.- FAST AND SMART . . . ISN‘T THAT HOW YOU WANT TO READ?

 

BRUKIHROUON RAPID READING
. Cull Dayl. Evlnlnal tit Weekends tot Details

'l m N Albany Center
t T EDUCATIONAL
t CENTER LTD

ltiIl Delaware Ave
«rumba-on st'tt'atists sue: me

 

Delmar tlIi'T-filtltr

 

 

 

k If you are from Long Island, Queens or
any of the boroughs In New York City.
; . now feel at home with Jonathan's
% it Famous N.Y.C. Style Pizza’s and
i \ Seafood.
‘ Featurln
i } N.Y.C. Style Slclllan, Neopolltan. and Pan

Plzzas - Scungilli - Calamari - Shrimp -
v’ Clams on the Half Shell - Linguine -
Ravioli

O C ‘

 

. i Jonathan’s Pizza, Inc.
9 1573 Western Ave.
 7, 869-7232

     
  
     
    
      

 

Table Service
Beer and Wine License Pending

 

 

 

     
     
   
     
   
 
  
  

        

TO PLAY-Stunt-vrsn-woatt :

Gefa Jump mkxfﬁ/I

OR CA TCH UP ON A NEEDED COURSE
at Top Quality
NASSAU COMMUNITY
COLLEGE- -_

CLASSES MEET
DAY 0R EVENING
MONDAY-THURSDAY

 

  

0 2 Sessions 0
FIRST STARTS JUNE 1, 1983
SECOND STARTS JULY 5, 1983

(5 week session each)

Cat/l fora ﬁzz $mmer€las Endive

 

 

 

 

 

' ‘ . -.A‘.‘..silt‘_ﬂowi.s‘4 a...“

16 ALBANY STUDENTPRESS l APRIL 15. I983

Nuclear evacuation plan bombs

<Front Page

the hospital could not handle tlte
load.“ he said.

Albttny emergency rooin plrysi-
cian Marvin Melek related art ittci-
detit tltat happened to hint recently
at an area emergency room. “This
lady came in and her child had died
from crib death and she was cryitrg
very muclt. l \‘as told to go out arid
concole her ititd help her ottt btit it
was impossible. there was nothing I
could do. she jtist cried." he said.
"I don't think area hospitals cortld
handle this in the cvertt of a nuclear
attack with a lot of people getting
bttrticd or killed."

According to Social Services
worker .iolm I’ortelii of Albany. the
social services department of the ci-
ty is not ready to handle a problcttr
ol'this magnitude. “It took ottr itiiit
a whole day jtist to relocate five
burned our families recently." he
said.

I’ttblic llelath ()ft'icial Mark
Adrian Fish explained that there
will be lr-alth dangers associated
with the crowding of people itito the
host areas for a lctigtlt of little. "We
could expect to see high incidents of
cholera. typhoid fever arid other
contagious diseases. Stttdics show
that the botly becotiics more sttccp-
tihlc to tltcse diseases with slight
radiatiott contamination arid over-

crowding." Fish said.

Helen Bailey. a representative for
the Group Task Force Nuclear War
IE acitation of New York presented
Coync and the cotttity with a gold-
plated shovel itr commemoration of
the plan. a jest oii digging lit for
protection. “Tire only way to sur-
vive a nuclear war is to prevent it,“
she. id.

“1 his is a dangerous plati." said
'I'honias‘ Natcll. representing a
coalitioit of aitti tittclear war
groups. “In reality this is a plan for
nuclear war." Natcll sttid he sees
the plait as it "statement about stir-
siveabiliiy of a nuclear var." atrd
asked Coyuc to ltave the cotttity
removed front the plan as a state-
trrcttt against itticl -ar weapons btiild

 

 

 

p.

()f the 30 speakers that prcseirtcd
their discussion of the plari. the 27
wlto opposctl it received applause
from the crowd. These speakers
asked that Albatiy couitty join the
other

increasing ratrks ol' cotii-
munitics. such as Cambridge.
Massachusetts. where residents

have refused to comply with reloca-
tion plans.

“We all have to decide what we
feel about the arms race arid what
we are going to do abottt it." said
area attorney attd political figure
Mark Duttlca. “The cottnty should

Ranni disqualified

<Front Page

tiott policy violations.

“I'm dattttticd certain we didn‘t
leave atiytltitig tip." Raitni main-
taiticd. He argued tluit the posters
I’cr'rin found may have hceit
covered by other posters that were
ltitcr rcttioved.

The Supreme Court. “after very
careful consideration." issued a rttl-
ing that Ranni he disqualified. “We
feel that Mr. Rantii ltas trot exercis-
cd dtti: care iii the removing of the
posters. . . ." the ruling said.

Urban policy

<15

an Atari Factory laid off l.7t)t)
workers arid moved to Singapore.
“the state arid the community did
tiotliiirg to prevent the move.”

A professor at the lii'eic Univer-
sitat. Ilcrlin. lIcllmut Wollitiitirii
provided the cotifcretice attcttdces
some ittsiglit itito the political struc-
tttrc of the (icrtnati govertitttctil on
the local level.

“The federal |c\c| in Germany
docs ttot have local offices as they
do iii the United States. lti my
country the federal govcttricirt has
to work tlrrottgh local agencies and
this is better for the communities."
said \Vltlllllitllll.

There was a reform movement itt
(icrmatiy iii the early 1970‘s, acctir-
ding to Wollmatttin. to streamline
local governments for more effi-
ciency. “The local govcrtnents as a
result were rcdttccd front 25.000 to
8.000.“ he said. “It is strongly felt
in HIV country that the federal

The former candidate later com-
nietited. "i made a sitrccrc effort to
remove all the posters." lie
estimated that five people. iii-
cltttling himself. spent a total of 2|
hours removing posters.

SA President Mike ('oi'so said.
“The Supreme Court did what it
littd to do to uphold the titles." He
noted that he is very dissatisfied
with this year's campaigning.
“There ltas itot bccti a disqualifica—
tioit iii a \cry. very long tirtic." he
added.

examined

government suffoeatcs any sort of
communin self ltclp actions."

There are some groups. such as
the Greens. according to
Wolltnann. who want change attd
ttrc “seriously questioning the
welfare state as it exists in Ger-
many."

Mayor of Lincoln. Nebraska.
Ilclen Iloosalis. who also attended
the conference. expressed sottrc of
the difficulties that cities face when
they have to deal with the federal
government. Site related art iitcidctit
ittvolving it study cotrdttctcd by tlte
city of Lincoln for community iiii-
pt'ovcnicnt. “It was ittt iii ilcpth
report that took three months arid
was a foot thick when it was cout-
plctcd -— and it still sits itt some
federal office probably unread."
she said.

"()vct'all. mayors have sought.
for sortie time. the reform of tire
federal government. We teali/c that
the federal government is iircpt iii

Election results

<Front Page

This is the second tirtie in one
year that controversy surrounding
Olseit hits forced clectiotts to be
postponed. In February the SA hi-
clcctions for qttad representatives
had to be postponed when Olsen
was trot triad ' aware of new election
pt'ocecdut'cs changing days tittd
hours for voting.

erett questioned about the Ran-
iii situation, Schafl'cr said. "I ex-
pected a negative reaction because
of the situation. biit l aiti very liap-
py tiow." Schal'fct' emphasi/cd that
one of his first tasks is going to be
to revise tltc clcctiotr commission.
I"I‘hc election commission is‘ not
working. ' needs a revamp." hi:

., ,_ .., m... w... .

slated.

Schaffer was also voted to the
University Council with 999 votes.
Mike Corso anti Mike Weincr both
won positions as SASll delegates
with l.573 and 440 votes respective-

{<—

'I'|re Central Cotiiicil winners are
as follows: Slate Quad: Steve
(iawlcy. l)an Altman arid Sitl
I’ei‘ednia Colonial Quad: Tyrone
Ilcntotr. Nancy Killian and Allison
Percy. Dutclt Quad: Amy Korecn.
Laura Cunningham. arid .leff
Weinstciit. ltidiatt Quad: Diane
Williattrs. 'aul Stewart. and Kent
Iludidgc. Alumni Quad: Maureen
Ryan. Roxanne Albond. Steven C.
Russo, l l

reject the plan in a strong statement
against nuclear weapons." said the
fortncr SUNYA strident.

In a letter maich November 17.
I982. to President Reagan. Uitiver-
sity President Vincent O'Lcary
along with 40 other SUNY universi—
ty presidents urged Regan to
negotiate for "verifiable balanced
reductions“ in tittclear arsenals. "as
the ultimate aim of eliminating all
together tltc potetrtial for using
nttclcar weapons to resolic dit—
fcrcticcs. its a basic precondition for
creating a more pcaccfttl llllL‘l'lItt-
tional community."

The letter was drawn rip by
SUNY at Itirrghamtott I’tcsidcnt
Clifford Clark and mailed iii the
eritc llottsc. "i’rcsidenl ()‘l.cary
helped formulate the letter itiid
agreed to have his mum associated
with it." said Assistant to the Presi-
dent .l. l-‘t'eilciicks Volkwciti.
()‘l.cary was otit of town until
Mottday arid was unavailable for
cotnmctrt.

The hearing also had its
humorous moments wlictr. toward
the etid ol the speakers. Albany
resident Robert ('ohen addressed
the h 'at'itig coordinator with sortie
questions he atrd his friend ltad
about the working of the plittt. “We
were wondering if there will be
vegetarian arid kosher rtical plans
offered iii the ltost areas.“ said
Cohen. “The plan says that we are
all supposed to bring a shotel bttt
what about its people that have to
ride the bus‘.’ Are you going to
equip the httscs with shovel
shelvcs'l" he asked, And finally
(‘ohcn was concerned about his dog
arid what would happen to it. "My
dog titres ttot get along with Huffy
on the other side of the street.
Won't that cruisi- a problem on the
hits?" Cohen inquired.

Asked il'hc would I 'avc his hotne
behind if ordered out of the ttrea
local physician Dr. llatis Sltelrpic
cottttnctited. "I probany would
IIIIl. i would panic to get out.”

their relations to the cities.“ sttitl
lIoosalis.
lioosalis also cttipliasi/ctl that

tltcte was “too much rttral over-
t'cpt'cscntation" in the legislature.
“The federal giivct'tttttettt would
sometimes t'athct overlook the
cities.“.sltc said. i l

WCDB

<3

The announcement was triiidc iii a
memo to station members. said
'l'i'clin because “last time we were
going to make some changes (last
semester) some cottitiiciits wct'c
tiiiidc on the air. He added that by
informing l).ls via the memo.
they'd ltave less of air opporttttiity
to pitt their personal feelings on the
air. “We felt it was the ttiost effi-
cietit way." I’urthcr discussions.
said 'l‘relin. would have been “titt-
wise itt lieti of what happened (last
semester). "We wetit through that
once."

Radcr. dcspitc his feelings toward
the reduced jazz programs. was
glad the hours of third world tttttsic
are being increased. “It's good to
give tlietti tttorc hours." he said.
"2| hours a day of rock might be a
little much." He added that the
third world music was good for
diversity tttrd WCDII's idetitity as it
college station.

()ti the other hand. Radet' noted
that WCDII was one of the otin sta—
lions iii the area that had offered
jau programming on a consistent
daily " arid that the change
would definitely leave a void for
local listeners.

"'l‘hcrc's tons of listener
interest." he said. "i got a lot of
pltoue calls. 'l'het‘c's gonna be a lot
of people missing it." t

'5'
:7

 

 
 

 

Sports

  

I APRIL [5. I983

 

 

 

 

I! Mark vIne

y Le
A SSDCIA le' .I‘I’OR TS EDI TOR

  
 

 

 

When the Albany State men’s lacrosse
team took the field for its home opener
Thursday afternoon against the Hartwick
Warriors. the shellitcking they took two days
earlier to the Cortland Red Dragons had to
be in the back of their minds. I-Ittrtwick had
to pay the price for Albany's revenge, as the
Danes cruised to a 14-2 rottip.

Albany dominated in every phase of the
game. firing 53 shots on net and controlling
the bttll for virtually the entire ()0 minutes.
Goalie Alan Cornfield had a shutout for
three periods before surrendering two goals
in the final stair/a. But by their. the game was
secttrely in littiid.

Settlor Ken DaRos got Albany tltc early
cad by taking a pass front John Reilly arid
'iritig it home for the first goal of the contest,
l)ave Faust and Joe ’aliscrio also scored in
the first period. which ended with Albany on
top. 3-0.

The Danes extended their margin to 5-0 by
scoring twice itiorc ill the sccotid period. liill
Watson intercepted a clearing pass front
liartwick's goalie. fcd I’tlllbl iii from. and the
seitior notched his second goal of the game.

  
   
  
      
   
  
  
    
  
   
  
    
    
 
   
   
   
  
 
 
   
     
    
   
   
 
  

 

 

   

putting Albany in front. 4—0. .iiiiiior liob
Vctrier closed our life half by taking iI pass
frotn Faust arid scoring with only sevcti
seconds remaining.

Albttny otttsliot Hartwick 23-7 iii the open-
itig 3t) tirintttcs. ittid missed on a nutnbcr of
other good opportunities. Defctisivcly. the
Danes did iiti excellent job of clearing the
ball. and Cornfield had it relatively easy ltalf
in goal.

“We cleared tltc ball real well." said ltead
coach Mike Mott' “They really didn‘t ltave
llItII many good chances to score,“

Cornfield thwarted whatever good chances
Hartwick had. as he made a couple of fittc
saves cat Iv on while Ilai twtck was still within
striking distance,

Netmen top

 
    
   

The second half proved to be much of thc
satire. as the Danes cotrtrollcd the hitll for it
ttrgc majority of the third quarter and tipped
their lead to 10-0.

Freshman Dave (‘erny opened the second
half scoring by tallying at the l:t)3 mark.
Rich Starace scored to make it 7-0. arid .Iim
McPartlin scored Albany's eighth goal at the
9'02 mark. To add insult to ittjrtry. Alhain
scored two more goals iii the final ttiitittte.
l)aRos got his second of the game at 14:03.
and Don Casadonte made It Ill-t) with oiily 21
seconds remaining.

Iiy the tititc the fourth quarter began. the

  
   
    

      

   
 

 

    
      
   
    
  

 

        
        
  
  
     
 
  
       
    

WILL VURMAN UPS

Attackman Don Cesadonte scored twice. as Albany's lacrosse team bte -
wlck. 14-2. Albany Is now 3-3 on the year. Sled Han

issue of which was the better tcaiti was long
dccitlcd. The only question remaining was
whether Cornfield could register a shutout. a
rarin itr lacrosse.

Things were looking good early iii the
fourth quarter. as goals by freshman Cliff
licrtrstcm and McPartlin tnade it I: t) with
itiire minutes to play. Albany‘s defense was
keeping the Warriors awav front the goal.
.ittd the possibility of a blank iii the Hartwick
scoring column was looming larger and
argei Ilttt it was not to he. as llartwick
.noided tltc cmbarassmcnt by scoring ill the
seven iniiiute mark.

 

        
    

  
  
   
     
      
     
         
   
  
   
    
  
  
   
      
   
   
     
  

  
 
 
  
     
  
 
  
  
     
      
  
        
   
    
  
   
   
  
   
   
    
 
   
   
    
  
     
   
 

 

    
    
 

 

   

. DAVE RIVERA UPS
The Albany State men’s tennis team split two matches this week. defeating RPI
after losing to Cornell.

     
 

        
 

    

 
 

Hy Mttrc Bertnttn
\Iulll “RI/IR

The Albany State men's tennis tc ttti prov-
cd two things this pitst week: one. they are
not immortal; two. tltcy can bounce back
froin idversity.

On Monday. the Danes were dealt their
first loss of the .s 'tson. by a tough Cornell
squad. 7-2. But as tll good teams do. Albany
:ante right back the very next day. wittttitig
their thIlIC opener. attd continuing their It)
veiir domination over Rl’l. 7-2.

The Datics record now stands at art ini-
prcssivc S-I.

Coach Bob Lewis. cvcit though disap-
poitttcd by the loss to Cornell wasn‘t too stir-
prised.

“We were b 'ttlclt by ll better tcattt. it‘s as
simple as that. I thought we might have given
them a tottgltcr nicct. btit we didn't play as
well as I would've liked. plus Cornell was a
lot stronger than I thought.”

Matty players cotttplaiiicd about the
facilities provided by Cornell. whose ironic
games are played indoors.

“'l‘hosc indoor courts are really a disad-
vatrtagc to us" said first singles Barry—Levine
.wlio lost his match." The lighting is very
poor aiitl it tirkes little to adjust."

Coach Lewts agreed. ” The poor ttglttiiig is
dcfittitely a disttdvatttagc to us bttt I don't
tltiitk it would have mattered too much if the
meet were at home. The matches would pro-
baltly have been more competitive. bttt that‘s
about it."

If there was one bright spot in the Cornell

 

 

' meet. it had to be the play of Dave Lerner.
_ who accounted for botlt of the Dane wins.
: lie was triumphant iti his singles match. 7-6.

6-3 and in his doiihles triatclt. teaming tip
with Lawrence Eichen.
The story was quite different the following

 

Albany stickmen rout Hartwick in homeopener

Casadontc and McPartlin sandwiched
goals around Hartwick's second goal of the
game. making the ﬁnal I4-2.

In addition to McPartlin's three-goal hat-
trlck. Faust had an assist to go along with his
pair of goals and Staraec had two fine assists
along with his goal. Cornfield. wltile having a
relatively quiet day. recorded five saves
before being replaced with about three
minutes to play.

"They (Hartwick) weren't that talented a
team. but you have to play well no ntatter
who you play." Motta commented.

On Tuesday afternoon the Danes visited a
very talented team in the Red Dragons of
Cortland. who are presently ranked fifth in
the nation in Division III. Albany cantc out
on the short end ofa 13-5 score. btit certainly
pttt a scare to the Red Dragons as the Danes
led 4-3 at intermission.

However. as great teams always do. Cor-
tland fought back and scored two quick goals
early iii the second half to take a 5-4 lead.
Albany got as close as 7-5. hitt the powerful
Dragons just had too much talent.

"l)cfeiisively. we played it very good
ballgamc." Motta said. “We plttyed tltem
very tight. btit tliev have a lot of talent and
are rust a great team."

Certty had two goals for Albany. while
Veriicr. Casadonte and Faust had the others.
Cornfield had an outstanding game. as he
turned aside 28 shots against a powerful of-
fensive learn.

The Danes rttn into sortie more rugged
competition this Saturday afternoon as they
play host to defending SUNYAC champion
(ictieseo.

“They are a very good ball team. and we
haven‘t beaten them in a while." Motta
noted. "Wc should be in tor a very totiin
game."

If the Ditties can carry over some of their
iiiometituin front their game against Hart-
wick. they woti't be the only ones in for «
totiin game. i

Engineers following loss to Cornell

.lay for the Danes After playing their first
five meets oii the road. the squad finally
found themselves on their Ironic grounds.
tlnforliutalely. the home opener was greeted
by poor weather coltdlltulr .u‘ it a cold wind
sweeping the courts.

"the weather might have affected the
arbiter of play. bttt certainly not the results."
and Lewis.

The 7-2 score was reflective of the past It)
years of Albattv-RPI battles.

“We I\ nominate them in tennis,"
.aid Lewis. “Their program is starting to itn-
prove. and they're more competitive each
year. It would be race to have a competitw.
cross-town rival like Rl’l "

a
2.

 

The only big significance ot ttie rticet was
the installation of fresliiirctt Jay Eiscnbcrg
arid Mike Denmansky at third doubles.
Though they played together in the fall a few
times, this was their first start of the spring
season. After dropping the first set 2-6. the
two lrcshtncn battled back to win the next
two sets. 6—3. 6-2.

“The two o' tut-m played well," said
Lewis. “I put them in there for experience
arid tltcy got just that."

The only disappointment of thc tttcet was
the loss by Levtne —- a detcai that could hurt
his chances for qualifying in the NCAAs.

LCVlIlC dropped the first set 6-6. and was
down 5-1 iii the second before he put his
game in gear. He took the next five games to
go tip 6-5, but he rtttr out of steam and lost in
ii tichreirker. 7-6.

“I don‘t know ifit will hurt his chances for
the NCAA bttt it sure won't help,” said
Lewis.

Tire S-I Ditties will be all the road again for
.tlicir next match. versus Middlebury on
Saturday. Cl

