 .c -hum v~rwr§........_-.~.._.. um...

 

  
 
  
 
  

 

/

 

 

 

 

 

here are certain ways that laws are supposed
to work.,_We have a structure in this country
that protects citizens from their g0vernment.

T

The Bill of Rights was intended to and does exactly '

that — protects citizens from unwarranted intrustion
by the government. That doesn't stop bills that
violate these ideals from being proposed and even
signed into law._ ~

One of tltese bills was stuck down in federal court
yesterday. The-Solomon Amendment is the popular
name of a rider attached to the defense appropria-
tions bill passed over the summer. For those of you
not yet rtware. this measure required every student to
sign a statetncnt that they either are not required to
register l'or the draft of have already done so. The
law forbid tltem front receiving federal aid if they did

‘ ttot submit this statement. The bill also required tltat
people involved itt federal job trairting programs sigtt
similar statetttettts.

Opponents of the law felt tltttt the requirement
would amount to self-incrimination. The Minnesota
judge agreed. sayittg tltat non-registrant's identifier -
tiott of themselves as ttot participating iii the draft
program cottld irtcritttinate.

Judge Donald Alsop does ttot have a reptttation as
a knee-jerk liberal. He's a conservative jttdge — a
Nixon appointee. The case is certaitt to be appealed.

 
  
   
 
 
  
 

 

 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

 
 

 

bttt Alsop's rttlittg is very likely to stattd. Wlty would
a conservative jttdge declare a law that supported
such traditionally rightist ideas like military service
arid “national duty"?

Because the Solotttort Amendment is simply a very
bad law. it would ltave swamped already overworked
financial aid offices with undesirable work like trying

to certify if people registered or not. The vast maij
ty of financial aid officers and university ad.
ministratiors felt ttncontfortable being used to police
an already unpopular law. It would ltave Err-ml).
complicated the start of a desperately needed job.-
training program.

The most friglttenittg part of the law was tlte \\t|v it
attempted to punish people for a crime they have rim
been convicted of. For any crime. an individual must
be irtdicted. tried attd convicted before sentence can
be passed. Anyone who could not prove that the
registered for the draft would be denied financial aid
under llt‘ atncttdmcnt —— wltether they t'cgisterud 0,
not.

The images tltis conjures up are ttot pleasant. the
police state mentality this kind of legislation cotan
ottt of rtttts against tlte grrtirt of our tlctttocttttic ttatli.
tiotts. The government realized that the shout-aw
trials have ttot itttitttidated young men into rector-i.
ing. attd dropped to unconstitutional measures \ttt'l)
as tltis.

The federal government still hasn't rccoytn/t-d llttlt
draft resistance is still very per 'ttsivc. Over a tttlllltttt
men have refused to register for the thrill. and
millions trtore are actively working against L'ttttst'ttp-
tiort with these resisters. it will take many tttott' case\
like this one before the government reaches that con-

 

   

C

O

 

L U

M

clttsion.

 

 

Glass houses and stones

The February 28. I983 issue of the New York Times car-
ried a ratlter medium-sited article on lrttt Smith's defiance
of the new Zimbabwe government.

A western diplomat was quoted as saying. “Smith is say-
ing sortie of the rigltt things. but he is tlte wrong tttrtn to say
them." Nothing could be fttrther front tire truth. A closer
cvantination of who Smith was and still is will laid to the
conclusion that he is the least qualified ittdividttal to howl
about his treatment by the Zimbabwe officials.

Dr. J aphet M. Zwana

 

 

 

ltt December the govertttttettt had c use to detain,
attd confiscate Smith's passport bceattse tltcre was evidence
that he was stocking weaponry to be used at a propitious
tinte to overthrow the state. While overseas (US) on a visit.
be advised the US guvernmcttt against extending financial
aid to the Mugabe Administration. Since April 18. l980.
Sntitlt ltas ttot accepted the conversion of the courttry front
Rhodesia to Zimbabwe. l‘ublicly attd secretly lte still owes
allegiance to Rhodesia.

Mr.‘Sntith has ehosett to ignore the racial scars that were
inflicted by him dttrirtg the Black-While war that is suppos-
ed to have lasted for seven years. Actttally. the liberation
struggle itt Zimbabwe began in the 1950's.

Whatever inequities there are witltin the government.
they are such that as applied to ltitu and his white ac-
complices, Smith should ttot gripe about. Some of them are
the stuff of which his barbaric regime was ruade. '

He is said to be vehemently opposed to Robert Mugabe‘s
ratltcr premature call for a one-party state. How can
anyone forget that when wltites ruled. only white parties
were allowed to exist? Under Ian Smith. the Rhodesia Party
virtually monopolized the regime. All potential African
parties were prescribed before they were forttted artd the
leaders detained. arrested. exiled or even killed.

There are vigorous complaints that there is widespread
press censorship within Zimbabwe. During his era. censor-
ship was clamped down on all newspapers including the two
national papers the Herald and the Chronicle. Africans
were forbidden to operate arty papers and several foreign
correspondents were eitlter arrested/deported or barred

 

Correction

tn the March 8 Albany Stride/t! Press, the editorial
"The threats stoop low" stated that the NYPlRG fee is
refundable. In fact. this fee is refundable only at CUNY
and private schools. not at SUNY schools. lit I974.
NYPIRG went to court in an effort to make the fee refun-
dable. but the courts sided with SUNY's claim that this
would cause too much bureaucracy.
We regret the error.

 

front the cottrttry.

Smith has offered a drtring tttotiott demanding the
resignation of the goverttntettt that was elected by about 80
pereettt of the population. His regime held sway on aecottttt
of being empowered by to percent of the population. He
cannot pretend to forget that he presided over rttt illegal
government which had won official recognition only frotn
the illegal regime of South Africa. “is regime‘s legislative
design was a guarantee for continued white supremacy
backed up by perpetttrtl martial law.

Concerning the ctnerging powers that his regime had or-
rogated to itself. Stttitlt explains. "we were at war." There
may be no conventional or guerilla stunning between

\lllacks and Whites bttt the ernotiottal. social arid economic

war goes on. The effects of white colonialism artd slave
labor ltave ltrtrdly vanished in three years. One of the putrid
anachronistns that are reminiscent of the dark past is the
fact that Smith boasts the leadership of the Republican
From which holds tett of twenty seats reserved itt Parlia-
ment for Whites only.

Aceordittg to Smith, “the terms of peace agreed upon in

l979 were the worst thing that could have happened to the
wltite people irt this country." These ate dvhnttch
crocodile's tears. The only parties that were satisttctl \\tllt
the Lancaster awards were the thtllllllIWC-Rlttttlcsltt |\‘_t'l|llt'
under Smith artd Mttzorewa and the British gmetnntt-nt.
The liberation leaders sigtted tltcm under international
duress. The reasons were that. according to the tlotuntcnt
whites still held the key to ccottotttics. industry. the l.ll|tl.
employrttcnt attd politics. He complains that “mott- -|llll
tttore cncrortchntcnts have been tttade on human ltt'ltls .ttttl
freedoms." The application of dottble standards |*~ oh
viotts. Tltesc rights~ attdfrt'er/rmts' are 'alid only \\llctt ‘It‘
plied to whites.

Mr. Smith. who ortce confidently forecast that tII.ItItII|_\
rule would never occur itt (Rhodesia). "not iii a thou tllltl
y'rtrs“ might as well resign himself to the realistic lltcl Ilt.t|
African rttle. no tnatter how shaky right now. has mtnv In
stay—the question of ltow tttatty years will take tatc 'tl
itself.

lit a language understood by ruost Smiths—Al llttst‘ who
live in glass houses sltuttld ttot throw slottcsl

 

  
 
 

‘ll-DSE Fem 5

was tam Fiﬁ.
(origami) M
ENG: 3033 t.
WATER-aw.

 

CPS

 

 

 

 

' tar Reamer
SN$ m

5-3.: ‘tl.
~ u
a
41%
Ed

  

 

 

 

   
   
  
 
   
 
 
  
 
    
 
   
  
  
 

  
 

  
   
   

 

 

        

 ‘ @spectcs

March 11, 1983

 

 

 

 

 

*7

v 17., t > g. -vt-vrvv¢""""
W a curious 'W' V . _
t 1‘ V

w. .1“ s '

m nevus-1'“ ,
m‘ ~0.¢’-—“““" ‘
l ‘gm ,,-_s~—-""

W“  .a- ~-
-» -- , .  A.

 

 

A. uqh‘l“ ‘
I-r‘” v
. . .m

i ' . .
,. luau—Maw ’ “ ’w

 
 
 
  
  
 
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  

.7 ..-..v...t—.. «sruwtn-wn  ' _§b~

" ~

o, 44-

‘ a"

 
   

 

   

t“.
"h

 I

u

          
 

         
 

 

 
 
  
 
   
 
  
  
   
  
 
 
  
   
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
 

 

 

  
  
  

Part One Of A I
Two Part Series

 
  
 

 
 
 
 
     
   
  
 
  
 
 
   

rm; «wear.

