 

 

 

 

2 ALBANY STUDENTPRESS Ci NOVEMBER 9.1983

WORLDWIDE

Arafat wants peace

Beirut
(AP) Beleaguered PLO chairman Yasser
Arafat Tuesday offered to stop ﬁghting
Syrian-backed guerrilla mutlneers if they halt
their onslaught to drive him from Tripoli, his
last Middle East stronghold.

“1 am now in the protection of Tripoli.
this ancient tslamlc city," the Palestine
Liberation Organization leader told dozens
of Western reporters after a meeting held at
midday with religious and political ﬁgures.
They had been pressuring him to renounce
his vow to ﬁght unconditionally.

“They have my word tltat i will do

everything in my power to avert a bloodbatlt ‘

in Tripoli," Arafat said. "i will only ﬁght in
selfdefense. artd the decision on war or peace
is theirs."

Soviet general killed

New Delhi. India
(AP) Afghan rebels shot down a helicopter.

killing a Soviet general and all 10 others

aboard, and the Soviets sent 7,000 rein-
forcements to beef up garrisons near the
Afghan border with Pakistan. a Western
diplomatic source said Tuesday.

The source. who declined to be identified.
said a reliable Afghan informant reported the
death of the general and the others. He said
the general. whose identity was not know.
was on a inspection tour near the Western
provincial capital of Herat when his
helicopter was shot down Oct. l7.

Slain leader found

Callvlgny. Grenade
(AP) US. soldiers found a burned and badly
decomposed body Tuesday in a shallow pit
and it was reported to be the body of slain

Prime Minister Maurice Bishop. and Army.

ofﬁcer said.

 

The officer said the report saying that it
,,was Bishop's body came from a Grenadian
who said he recognized the body.

Bishop was reported killed in a coup

Carribean island on Oct. 25.

indentified. He said the witness was a cook at
the army where the grave was found.

Power transfer set '

Buenos Alres. Argentina
(AP) President-elect Raul Alfonsln and his
civilian government will be installed Dec. 10.
seven weeks earlier than originally scheduled.
Argentina's ruling generals have announced.
The date for the transfer of power was set
in a comrnunlquc released Monday by Presi-
dent Reynaldo Bignone. a retired army
general. The military has ruled the country
since a coup in March I976 ousted the elected
government of President lsabel Peron.

Alfonsln and his center-left Radical Civic
Union won the Oct, 30 general election with a
surprisingly strong victory over the Peronists,
l who had dominated Argentina's politics for
40 years. The new government had been
scheduled to take ofﬁce Jan. 30.

"NTIONWIDE

    

' NBC licenses plant

Washington, D. C.
(AP) The Nuclear Regulatory Commission
Tuesday restored a portion of the license it
suspended nearly two years ago for the
problem-plagued Diablo Canyon nuclear
plant in California.

The action will allow Paciﬁc Gas and Elec-
tric Co. to begin loading fuel next week into
one of the two reactors at the $4.3 billion
power plant situated on the Paciﬁc Ocean
near San Luis Oblspo.

NRC suspended the license Nov. l9, 1981.
after PGandE. the nation's largest utility.

that would enable it to withstand a major
earthquake had been reversed.

 

That led to an investigation that turned up

several days before US. troops invaded the

The ofﬁcer spoke on condition he not be'

found that blueprints for reactor supports .

‘ hundreds of other design errors. The com-
‘ pany has spent an estimated $220 million cor-
recting the errors over the past it! months.

Bomb blasts Senate

Washington. D. C.
(AP) A shaken Senate convened Tuesday
despite piles of rubble outside the chamber
doors from a pre-mldnlght explosion that left
a gaping hole in an inside Capitol wall. rip-
ped through cloakrooms and damaged
several irreplaceable works of art.

Senate Majority Leader Howard Baker.
R-Tenn.. told colleagues that. had the Senatev
been in session at the time ofthe ll pnr blast,
there sttrely would have been “grave injury
 and. perhaps, loss of life to senators and
staff ."

As FBI agents poked through the debris itt
the sealed-off second floor of the capitol. a
fresh bomb scare was reported — forcing
part of the House side of the Capitol to be
closed. House staffers and cltcfs and
waitresses at the House restaurant were
evacuated.

Btrt no bomb was found after an intensive
search of the Capitol and tltrce llOlliit: ot'ﬁcc
buildings. said Capitol Police Sgt. Karen
Magee.

Feminist’s trial opens

Gretna, La.
(AP) California feminist Ginny Foal stood
near the jury box to let prospective jurors get
a close look at her as she went on trial on
charges of killing an Argentine businessman
is years ago.

Jury selection resutncd Tuesday in state
district court in this New Orleans suburb
where Foal stands charged with the murder.
Twelve jurors plus three alternates must be‘
seated before testimony begins.

Foot, 42. a former resident of New Paltz
who now lives in Los Angeles, was president
of the 40.000-member California chapter of
the National Organization of Women when
she was arrested Jan. it.

She is accused of clubbing Argentine toy
manufacturer Moises Chayo to death during
_ a robbery in 1965, when she worked as a go-
i go girl in a tough New Orleans bar.

 

STATEWIDE
—

‘Harrls allowed appeal

New York City
(AP) Jean Harris, convicted murdurer of
Scarsdale Diet developer Herman Tarnower.
has been granted permission to appeal a
power court ruling that denied her a new trial
in the killing.

Harris. 60. is serving a sentence of l5 years
to life on her 1981 conviction in the March
l0. 1980. death of Tarnower. her lover of 14
I years. Her conviction was upheld by the two
state appeals courts. and the US. Supreme
Court declined to hear the case.

However, on Monday. Justice Milton
Mollcn, presiding justice of the Appellate
Division of State Supreme Court lll
Brooklyn. said the court would hcar i'lurris'
appeal of fin Aug. 30 ruling by Westchcstcr
County Judge Aldo Nttstttsi that denied her a
ucw trial.

Commissioner named

New York City

(AP) Benjamin Ward -— cop, prison ad-

ministrator artd doctor of law — says ltc's

‘ honored to be “where one can tell the good

guys from the bad guys" as the ﬁrst black to

serve as police commissioner for the city's
23.000 ﬁnest.

The 57-year-old Ward was appointed
Monday by Mayor Ed Koch to head the
t police force in the nation's largest city. The
honor cante 40 years after he won a citywide
essny contest ttttd was appointed "police
commissioner for tt day."

Dead candidate wins

Schenectady
'(Al’) The late John F. Kirvin. a Democrat.
was re-elected Rotterdam town supervisor
‘ near here Tuesday. The newly elected town
board will appoint someone to ﬁll his vacan-
ey for one year.

Kirvin. who was buried earlier irt the day
after funeral services. won 5.607 to 3.620 for
Rodney Bakes, a Republican, and 804 for
Nine Corradi. an independent.

Kirvin. 57, died Friday after collapsing
while on public television station WMHT
here in a live debate with liukos. a
. Republican. and Nirto Corrudi. ttn indepen-
dent. Because his death occtrrrcd too near to
the election, Kirvin's utuuc remained on the
ballot.

Separate trials denied

If!)t‘/lt‘.)lt‘l'
(Al’) 'l‘cu reputed organized crirrtc figures tic»
cusctl of conspiracy and racketeering will ttot
be tried separately. U.S. District Judgc
MlL‘llilL‘l A. 'l'clcsca has ruled.

in an ll-pttgc decision handed down here
Inst week. 'l‘clcscn ruled that charges itgllllihl
the it) were properly joittcd in one indict»
ntcrtt. He also said all of the defendants wcrc
properly rtttntctl in tire ortc indictment, even
though all of tltcttt did not participate itt each
alleged rttckclccring critttc.

'l‘clcsctt also ruled that fire dcl‘cndttnts lptd
not demonstrated that they would be "so
severely prcjudiccd" irt a joint trial that titcy
would trot receive it fair tritrl. 'l‘hc ll'ltll is not
expected trntll next spring.

The l0 men are accused of participating in
a racketeering enterprise whose illegal ttc-
tivllies included two murders. three attemp-
ted rnuders, obstruction ofjusticc. extortion

 

Weekend leo.atarr|ng the Not-
Ready’lor-PAC-Playera. will feature
skits such as Weekend Update and
the Whinere. Telethon '84 will epon-
sor the program on November 11
and 12 at 8:15 pm. In L026. Admis-
elon Ia $1.00.

Phi Beta Kappa. the nation‘s
foramoat honorary society. will hold
an informal meeting and reception
on Wednesday, November 9 in the
CC Assembly Hall at 4:00 pm

Circle it will hold a general
meeting on Wednesday, November
9 al7130 pm. In BA 2117. Everyone I:
welcome and refreshments will be
served.

Look Homeward Angel. a play by
Pulitzer Prize winner Thomas Wolfe,
will be presented by University
Theatre on November 10. 11. 12 and
November 15-19. Curtain time is
8:00 pm. and reservations may be
made by calling 457-6808.

 

Slotter Carmichael will discuss
Granada and Pan Alricanism in a
speech Wednesday November 9 at
8 pm. in the CC Ballroom. Tickets
are $1.00 with a tax card and $1.50
without a card. and the program is
being cosponsored by the Albany
State University Black Alllanca an!
the Pan-African Resource Center,

A Black and White Dance will be
sponsored by JSC-Hlllol In Dutch
U-Lounge on Saturday Novamber12
at 9 pm. Tickets are $1.50 for Hillel

_membors. $2.50 for tax card

holders, and $3.50 for others with a
50 cents discount for wearing black
and white. For more information
call 457-7508.

 

.1...

Novela of the Upper Hudaon, a toe-
ture dealing with the history and
romance of the region will be
presented Monday November 14 by
Jack W. Van Darhoof. The program.
at 8 pm, is sponsored by the
Ronaselaer County Historical
Society and will take place at 59 Se-
oond Street in Troy. For more Infor-
mation call 272-7232.

'Fuerza Latina will hold a general

meeting on Thursday, November 10
at 7 pm. In 06881.

Central Council. the legislative
branch ol Student Association. will
meet Wednesday. Novombor 0 at
7:30 pm. in 00876.

and attempted arson.

Alcoholics Anonymous, a aell-itol v

group for families and friends
people with drinking problems will
meet Monday November 14 at 7:30
pm. at Chapel House.

Parapaotlvaa. a program dealing
with the Jewish and Christian ap-
proache to death will bo hold Thur!)-
day,Novembor10 at 7:30 pm. In the
CC Assembly Hall. The program will
feature Rabbi Gorehon Gowlorty
from Congregation Both Abraham

1 Jacob and Flavorand Geofiroy Burko

from St. Mary's Parish of Onoontu.

Paopla and Food will moot on
Wednesday. November 9 at 7:30

' am. in the Humanltloa Lounge.

 

 

 

 

 

 

NOVEMBER 9. .1933

.0 :AiwrsryeE/vr ears: .3

Studentsdeal with media issues at conference

 

By Jerry Camplone
and Steve Fox

Student journalists from all over the state
converged on Albany last weekend to par-
ticipate in the i983 Statewide Student Media
Conference. Speakers and workshops dealt
with the problems of both student and pro-
fessional'journalism.

The fourth conference opened Friday with
SUNY-Central Day with journalists and
students meeting and questioning SUNY-
Ccntral Administrators at SUNY's main of-
fice. Those present included SUNY
Chancellor Clifton Wharton. Provost
Jerome B. Komisar. Executive Vice-
Cltttrtcelior Dr. Donald O'Dowd. Vice-
C‘ltanccllor for Finance and Business flurry
Spindler anti. by special telcphortc hook~up.
Cltair of the SUNY Board of Trustees
Donald M. llliuken.

Wlturtotr opened the conference by spcttk-
ing about the role oi‘ SUNY irt New York
State and also by discussing tltc SUNY
budget. Wharton dcscribed the bttdgct itt
detail and said ltc felt it was important for
slttdcnts to understand the budgetary pro-
cess. Wlturton also discussed corporate in~
voivcntcnt lll research on campus. tutti said
llltll. although he did ttot dircct tltc faculty on
what to rcscttrcit. tltcir research must be
usable.

According to Mary I’r'crttlcrgttst. Conr-
ntttnicatiotts Director l'or SASU. the only
kirtd of research usablc in today's society is
corportttc rcscttt'clt. This. site said. is tltc kirtd
rrrost bcrrcl'icittl to the pttblic. Wlinrton ttiso
rttcrttiortcd that tile prcscntly sits on two cor-
pot'ttie boards. Ford Motor Company and
Time. lrrc. Prcndcrgasl. however. poirtted
out that irt his blograplty in the SUNY-
(‘cntrttl Media package. it is listed tltttt he sits
on five boards.

Konristtr was the next speaker and he
began with a philosophical speech on cdtrca-
riort. He later entertained questions from the
reporters and according to Prcndergast, was
very impressed with the sophistication of the
students and tire SUNY press. “lie mcntlon~
cd to the afterwards that he thought it would
be short and swcct." site said. adding. “i
told him not with that bunch."

During O'Dowd’s discussion on the
perceptions of SUNY Centrttl by students.
the students present became quite agitated by
rntrclt of what O'Dowd snid. O'Dowd men-
tiottcd that SUNY-Central is actually suppos-

 

ed to keep its role to a minimum and that
they were basically there to represent SUNY
in the legislature. which drew quite a heated
response from the crowd. At one point,
O'Dowd remarked that he didn't think that
the student press really cared about SUNY-
Central. “if we didn’t care, we wouldn‘t b_e
there (at the conference)." replied
Pcndergast. who added that "an apathetic
press is a very convenient relationship for
SUNY-Central. They want us not to care."

Spindler gave a very detailed exploration
of the budget and then took questions from
the press. The question of whether or not
there would be a bus fee at SUNYA caused
quite a bit of controversy.

After being asked about the bus fee by Lib-
by Post. Media Director of SA, Spindler
replied. "There is no bus fee al Albany
State." He later admitted that there was a
bus fee urtder consideration and. when asked
if lte considered a fee that affects 15.000
students broad-based. replied tltat the fee
would only affect 5.000 slttdcnts. He also ad-
ded that he did not consider this bruod-
bttscd. liotlt l’ost trrrd Prcndcrgast were
puzzled by witcrc he got his ﬁgttre of 5,000
students. or wiry such a fee wouldn't be con-
sitlcrcd broad—based. Spindler did ttot
elaborate.

Due to un illncss. liliukcn could not attend
pcrsortully bttt ltc did arrange for an
ttmplilficd tclcpltonc hookup. Blinkctt touch-
cd upon such sltlijccls as SUNY‘s sexual
orientation policy and tile budgets of' corn-
nrtrrtity colleges. Robert Geiger. Vice-
l’residcnt for tire Community College Stu-
tlcrtt Asscmbly. questioucd the dccisiott to
rerrtovc tltc “one-third tuition cap." Under
this formula, the state pays one-third of the
tuition. the host county pays one-third nrtd
the student pays one-third. _

According to l’rcndcrgnst. (iovcrnor
Cuomo signed a bill which would allow addi-
tional state aid to community coilcges btrt
lifted the one-third tuitiort cap. Geiger said
lte feels that if the one-third tuition cap is
lifted. community colleges will be free to
raise tuition. Blinkeu suid ltc would look into
these charges us well as the fact that student
lrustccs on community college boards are not
able to vote on their boards.

Friday's scltcdule of events closed with a
spccclt by noted Village Voice columnist Nttt

chtoff. Hetttoff discussed who was responsi-
ble for freedom of the press. The rest of tltc
weekend was taken tip with workshops

 

SUNY Chanceihsr Clifton Wharton

 

 

 

His remarks opened strident media conference“ 7

touching on such topics as photojournalism.
advertising. political cartooning, incor-
porating student papers and a discussion by
State Press Service editor Jim Slteil on the
establishment of a network for SUNY
papers.

Karen Schwartz. news editor of
Piper/reams. the student paper of SUNY-
Birtghamtou. said she i'ounrl the whole con-
ference “really informative." "The
workshops were really helpful." she said. ad-
ding that there wus "a lot of interplay of
ideas."

Post said she thought the cortferencc wns
“successful irr rttisirtg issues of the student

 

 

press. such as networking." Post stated that.
she got good feedback front the participants
and that most of them “enjoyed
themselves."

Prcndergast said she was “very impressed
with the sophistication of the student press
artd of the “heightened awareness of
statewide politics by a few of the more ad-
vanced reporters." Prendcrgast did add.
however, that sexism itt reporting is still a big
problem. Jcssc Mertkin, a reporter from
SUNY-Purchase's The Load. summed up the
conference by saying. "i learned more about
journalism this weekend titan i did in all of
my journalism classes combined. " El

Scalping case to be referred to Judicial Board

 

 

 

a.

Steve C.

B Maddl Kun

f3!) lORl/ti. ASSISTANI

 

After a rtcarly three week long wait. Speaker‘s Fontnt of-
ficials said Tuesday that they ltavc filled ottt the necessary
forrns for tile referral of SUNYA student Steve Greeti-
battrn. Grecnbaum is accused of scalping David Brenner
tickets.

Speaker's Forunt chair Micltcllc Scltwartz said that
because of election day Tuesday. the necessary ad—
ministrative ofﬁcial was not in so she could not submit the
forms. Site said she plans to sttbruit them on Wednesday.

Schwartz explained that tlte referral process was time
consuming. “We wanted to take tltc correct steps and our
ﬁrst approach was to seek the advice of‘ an SA executive.
_We were told two weeks later that we should refer him to
University Judicial Board." Schwartz would not reveal the
name of the SA ofﬁcial.

Greenbattm. a former member of Speaker's Forum, was
impeached two weeks ago by Schwartz after members of

 

 

"’Iriliilnr'f‘tiiink It was illegal at the time. "

Speaker's Forum found posters with Greenbaum's name on
them. advertising David Brenner tickets for 520.

According to Schwartz. Greenbaum surrendered the
tickets and denied attempting to scalp them. He refused to
comment on whether or ttot he did put up signs with his
name ttnd phone number on them.

Greenbaum explained that on the Tuesday before the
David Brenner performance, three tickets were given out to
all present at the Speaker's Forum meeting by Schwartz.
According to Orcenhaum. Schwartz said. “if you don't use
them tlten yotr crtrt give them back to us." He also sttid
Oary Bronstelrt. ttrrotlter Speaker's Forum rucmher rtddcd.
“Or we cart sell them." According to both (‘rrcebnum and
Bronstcin. Schwartz answered. "You cart do whatever you
want with the tickets its long its i don't hear about it."
(ireenbaum said ltc did not sell arty tickets.

Schwartz denied ttpprovirtg the sale oftickcts, saying. "i
never voiced my approval for the sale of complinterttary
tickets by any Speaker's Forum member to anyone. it is SA
arid Speaker's Forum policy that a member should rtot sell

.v....-.-r.t I ..  ,

his or her cornplirrtcrrtary tickets.

According to Schwartz. Greenbaum will be referred on
tltrce separate charges. taken from the 1983-1984 Student
Guidelines. "Academic Dishonesty/Ethics." “Forgery
and/or Fraud and/or Dishonesty." tilltl “Organization rtrtd
Event Registration."

"Choosing the appropriate charge was tricky because
they all scented ambiguous and it is important that wc
establish the correct charges so they will stick." said
Schwartz. “You can only ﬁle oncc artd you have to give
Judicial Board the proper evidence to make the charges
stick." she said.

“The selling of complimentary tickets by members to the
public for a higher price is illegal." according to Speaker's
Forum treasurer. Ricky Feidman. Fcldman added.
“Tickets given to Forum members are for their exclusive
use. not for moneymaking purposes."

Greenbaum. who was aware of his impending referral.
denied the accusations. He said. “i didn’t think it was il-
legal at the time. then i had second thoughts so i decided to
give the tickets back to Ricky."

Once the referral form ltas been submitted, Judicial
Board hears the case. “it's up to University Judicial Board
to inform him (Greenbaum) when he'll be brouglt up in
front of the board. Speaker’s Forutn is hoping that the ap-
propriate steps will be taken against Greenbaum so this will
prevent other people from attempting to scalp tickets."
said Schwartz.

According to Assistant to Vice-President for Student Af-
fairs. Henry Kirchner. "Each case that comes to Unthrsity
Judicial Board has to be weighed on its own merit turd the
board has to come up with a sanction that is fair under the
Student Guidelines. it's not just tltc offense that the person
is being charged with, it's whether or ttot the person is sorry
for his uctiorts and whether ltc understands his violation."

Disciplinary uctlotts will not be decided until Grccttbaurn
presents his case to University Judicial Board. “A lot
depends on the presentation. did he do it. is be guilty. if lte
did it what's the appropriate action? All tircse factors mus
be considered." said Kirchner. Ll

 

