   
  


t
i.
‘l

 

 

By MIKE BRUSCO
Sports Writer

So now the early signs of winter are upon
us, time for the college campuses to buckle
down and get ready for the most exciting,
the most captivating, and the most in-
novative sport the college world has ever
known. This is the time when watching a
game ‘on television is nothing compared to
the live event. College basketball not only
captures the eyes, but the heart, spirit and
imagination as well. Nowhere else do so
many Cinderella stories fill the newspapers,
nowhere else is there a chance to settle all
scores, all speculations, all arguments.

In less than four months, the Kingdome in
Seattle will undergo a transformation as it
never had before. No, l'm not referring to
Opening Day for the Mariners, but that

.culminatlon of events known as the Final

Four, the NCAA Division I college basketball
championships. Once again we will have the
pleasure t?) 'of listening to Gary Bender and
Billy Packer, not to mention the one and on-
ly Brent Musburger.

This also happens to be' the first time in
four years that the road to the Final Four will
not be blocked by a human ﬂy swatter called
Ralph Sampson. Yes, Terry Holland, now
you can go back to being known as a
mediocre coach again, for the greatest player
ever to wear the orange and black of Virginia
is now in Houston making megabucks and
doubling as a Messiah. Can the world survive
without Ralph? Can Virginia survive without
Ralph? Yes and probably not.

As the season approaches us, it is now time
to ask all of those questions that plague our
favorite teams. How can Louisville withstand
losing two McCrays? Can Sam Bowie make
that long-awaited comeback? Just how po-
tent is Phi Slamma iamma? ls Michael Jordan
that good? Is Georgetown ready to become a
dominating powerhouse? What's a Hoya?

It's really easy to just list the answers and
leave it at that, but those answers are not so
easy to come by. Every question that gets
answered gives rise to another one: Why?
Why not? You mean you don't know what a
Hoya is?

In assessing the top teams this year (and
those on the brink), I'll give my reasons for
putting a team in what I think is in its ap-
propriate place. Let's proceed.

There are quite a few teams that will not be
near the top 20 this year. One is Virginia.
The void that Ralphie Boy has left is too huge
to be replaced in one year. Coach Terry
Holland is not a miracle-maker; come to
think of it, he was never much of a coach
either. His hand-picked heir apparent to the
pivot, Olden Polynice, hasn’t performed up
to expectations, but look for freshman Torn
Sheehey to make the Cavaliers look presen-
table.

Another near-miss is St. Iohn’s. It breaks
my heart to lament on this, for l treasure
Redmen basketball more than the loyalty of a
ﬁne dog. Gone are David Russell, Billy
Goodwin and supersub Kevin Williams, all
three drafted in the first three rounds of the
NBA draft. This season was lost In August
when a court ruled that Walter Berry, a
Wayman Tisdale playalike, is not eligible to
play for the Redmen due to a lack of an ac-
ceptable diploma from high school. With the
great, great Chris Mullin and a rejuvenated
Bill Wennington, however, St. John's will
cause a lot of trouble in the Big East.

A third team on its way down, but only for
a very short while, is Syracuse. Yeah, yeah, I
know, but they just got Dwayne "The Pearl"
Washington. 1’” say this for the Pearl: he's a
heck of a scorer. He also hogs the ball. Very
much. And the Orangemen no longer have
Tony Bruin, Leo Rauttns or Erich Santifer
looking down from the rim, either. I hope,
for the Big East‘s sake, that both the Redmen
and Orangemen can stir up a little action this

ear.

yEnough with the preliminaries. After much
thought, thorough research and thumbing
through every preview magazine that ever
existed, here Is my listing of the top 20 col-
lege basketball teams in the land today.
Logic dictates, however, that i could be
wrong, but l‘m probably not.

l.KENTUCKY — I cheated. i was all set to

- ........ ..,~...u..-

take North Carolina like everyone else, but
over the Thanksgiving break I saw the
Wildcats play Louisville. People, believe me
when I say that this is an awesome team.
Sam Bowie is back, and to see him on the
same court with Melvin Turpin is a sight to
behold. I mean, here we‘ve got two guys
hovering around the seven-foot mark who
actually know how to pass AND dribble.
Add All-American candidate Iim Master to
the list, as well as five-star freshman Iames
Blackmon, and you’ve got Final Four poten-
ial.

2.NORTH CAROLINA — What can you say
about this team? They’re going to place two
superstars on the First Team All-World. Yes,
Michael Iordan and Sam Perkins are that

 

 

good. Those two players alone make up for
the fact that their bench Is only average (by
Tar Heel standards) and that they lack a bona
tide center. 50 what if they looked poor
against Missouri last week? Dean Smith
knows exactly where this team is headed:
straight to the penthouse.

3.MEMPHIS STATE — Otherwise known as
Keith Lee and a Bunch of No-Names, this
team had perhaps the best overall recruiting
year of them all. Oh, the names won't be
familiar for a while, but this gives Dana Kirk’s
Tigers a nice backbone, as well as a solid
bench. Lee could very well be the most
talented big man in the nation. If you can,
take a long look at senior fonrvard Bobby
Parks this year. He's quite good.
4.HOUSTON -— i hereby withhold judgment
on Akeem Abdul-Olaluwon until I see him
play another guy as big as he is. l'm sure he
could hold his own, but the loss of fraternity
brothers Clyde Drexler and Larry Mlcheaux

 

w. .L. .. ._.. ,.......»......-......Ja-... ........W~...... we a; ...... ..-.....«

'  6’ . SﬁoffS-.,Deceinber ALBANY STUDENT PRESS u DECEMBER'G, 7983‘ ‘

.i‘IO‘ok at, college backetball ’s top

puts a lot of pressure on Brother Akeem and
the rest of Phi Slamma Jamma. I think I can
muster up enough faith In Michael Young to
keep the Cougars on Final Four Road.
5.I.OUISVIlI.E — Yes, despite the fact that
Kentucky blew the Cardinals out of the
water, despite the fact that Scooter and
Rodney McCray aren’t around anymore, I
rate them this high. Why? Why not? Denny
Crum has never let anyone down yet, and I
don't expect him to start now. He had a de-
cent recruiting off-season -— for the first time
In a long time, Crum's Cards might have
landed a center who can really play. Look
out for Barry Sumpter next year, but for now
let your trust ride with Lancaster Gordon and
the rest of this team. Like I said, why not?

6. GEORGETOWN — Last year they were
young, now they’re older. Yay. Without Pat
Ewing in there, they still can’t rebound. Ed
Spriggs, where are you? But really,
Coach/Svengali lohn Thompson has himself
one talented ballclub when Ewing is in there.
And the young keep coming — this year the
Hoyas landed Reggie Williams, a George
Garvin-type who can play a solid defense.
Number One In the Big East looks to be a
shoo-in. In the nation? Well...

7.WITCHITA STATE —- Fresh off probation
and a 25.3 season, the Shockers will shock
no one this year. This team can withstand the
loss of Antoine Carr. They’ve got Junior
guard Aubrey Sherrod and forward Xavier
McDaniel, who averaged over 14 rebounds
per game last season, Kansas never had It so
good.

B.U.C.L.A. — Larry Farmer wants his Bruins
back in the limelight, and there‘s a good

chance of that happening this year. Three ‘

players lost weight over the off-season, one
of them All-American forward Kenny Fields.
He passed up the draft to help Farmer re-
achieve greatness. Keep an eye on Mental
Hatcher, a very exciting freshman out of San-
ta Monica who flgures to start and direct the
Bruin offense, and he just might do It.
9.L.S.U. — This team always comes close to
being very good but always comes up short.
They’ll do better this year with a good year
from Jerry (Ice) Reynolds, whose jumper is
sooooo pretty. All-SEC fonNard Leonard Mit-
chell also figures to show his face a little bit
more this year. It’s a shame that the Tigers
have to play Kentucky twice this year.
10.0IIEGON STATE — Lots of inexperience
surrounding All-American forward Charlie
Sitton, but the Beavers know how to win
ballgames. Folks, this Is a very talented team.
Not deep, but very. talented. I like A. C.
Green, Sitton’s complement at the other for-
ward. He’s an excellenct defender and ex-
tremely rugged on the boards. The Beaver
Hunt is on once again.
11.IOWA — Center Greg Stokes beat out
Keith Lee for a spot on the Pan-Am team, so
that should tell you something. Couple him
with 6'11” forward Michael Payne and
you've got a Hawkeye team that will take the
Big Ten by storm.
12.BOSTON COLLEGE —- Ah. back to my
beloved Big East. John Garris is gone, but
that’s about it. Michael Adams is such a pest
at guard that you want to step on him, but he
makes those Eagles go (flyi). Jay Murphy is
back at center. Give him a few inches, he's
got two points. Look for forward Martin Clark
to step into a key role. Geez, I hope they go
places.
13.MARYLAND — Another team that is
never quite good enough. They always beat
the good teams (NC State twice, N.C. once).
though. They’ll do more than that this year.
Forward Adrian Branch and Center Ben Col-
eman, along with exciting frosh Keith
(Smooth) Gatlin, will make this another
20-win season for Lefty Dreisell’s Terrapins.
14.FRESNO STATE — This is the Unknown
Team number 1. They won the MT last year.
That's all you want to know. Read about
them later on this year.
15.GEORGIA — Another reason the SEC is
the most powerful conference around. Vern
Fleming gets better at the backcourt with
each game, but the other guard, James
‘Banks, can really play. If the Bulldogs had a
center, they'd go places.
16.NORTH CAROLINA — I’d never leave
the defending champs out. Besides, they've
got this transfer student, you see, and he’s
only 5-feet-6. His nickname is Spud, and he
can slam dunk. Enough said.
17.MICHIGAN STATE -— There’s another
Johnson in town, and his name's not Magic.
His name is Ken, he’s a transfer from U.S.C.,
and he becomes eligible on January 4. I saw
him as a freshman in the PAC-10. I like him.
And he wears a double-zero. What more can
you ask for?
IB.VIRGIN|A COMMONWEALTH —
Unknown Team number 2. See Fresno State.
19.INDIANA — The Hoosiers lost four
starters but still have the best coach in the
nation. Yes, Bobby Knight. Have you ever
seen him turn out anything less than a very
good team? This year Uwe Blab returns with
four freshmen starting alongside him. These
happen to be very good freshmen.
Remember Marty Simmons and Steve Alford
in March. And also remember that only
Knight could get away with something like
this. Four freshmen? Give me strength.
20.0KLAHOMA — I don't know what a
Sooner is either, but I do know what a
Wayman Tisdale is. I consider him the most
talented forward in the country. And he‘s on-
ly a sophomore. It's a shame that everyone
else graduated. Can he carry the team by
himSelf? No. But he's still awesome.

There’s twenty for ya. Mind you, there are 53
teams that make the NCAA tournament, so
anything can happen (and usually does),
With that in mind, I’ll make a total fool out of
myself and pick St. John's to win it all. Aw,
come on. Can't I dream? first a little bit?
Alright, then I’ll go with Georgetown. By the
way, the word "hoya" is not listed in the (lic.
tionary. lchecked. [I]

 

By MARK LEVINE
Sports Editor

It all began in my twelfth grade English class in the Spring
of 1980, and much of the credit goes to a friend of mine
back then named Howard Adler.

“Mark,” he used to say to me, "did you hear about this
guy Gretzky on Edmonton? Two goals and two assists last
night. He's got 38 goals now. And he's only 16.”

"Who?" I used to ask him. ‘

"His name's Wayne Gretzky. Played with the Oilers
when they Were in the WHA. Signed his first pro contract
when he was 17."

"Never heard of him. Is he any good?"

"He had great stats when he was a little kid. Once
scored 368 goals in 6.8 games playing with kids three and
four years older than him. Had'a great year in the WHA last

ear, too."

"Three hundred sixty-eight goals in 68 games? Come on,
Howard. Seriously?"

"Yeah. He's a little skinny guy. He’s like a little water-
bug out there. Nobody can check him. Keep an eye on
‘ im. He’s going to be great some day.”

l A t The rest, as they say, is history.

Jan <.

i remember checking the box scores of the Edmonton
ames towards the end of my senior year that season. I
emember Gretzky being right in the scoring race until the
ery end of the year. As it turned out, he wound up tied

‘ .

.3, . ith Marcel Dionne for the scoring lead with 51 goals and

6 assists for 137 points, but for some ridiculous reason
ionne won the scoring title because he had two more
oals. What kind of nonsense rule is that? If Gretzky wins
he scoring title for the next, oh, 15 years or so like I expect
im to, and that one year is the only one that he hasn’t
on it, l'm really going to raise hell. Still, Gretzky wins
HL MVP. I remember thinking to myself that I had better
, eep a watch out for this guy when I went up to college in
"" he fall.
3 My freshman year at Albany, Fall 1980. I kept casually
hecking the Edmonton box scores. But then it got to be
ore than casual. Two goals, one assist. One goal, three
ssists. Three goals, two assists. What is with this guy?

‘ Pretty soon, it got to the point where l was setting my
larm clock 15 minutes earlier than usual so I could run to
 i e bookstore and check the box score in the Times Union
 - fore class. I started saving them and using a highlighter to

   
  

 0 over his name anytime he got a goal or an assist. Over

 

 

1.. hrlstmas break, I decided to do something with all these
‘~ ox scores and newspaper clippings. Thus, the invention of
e now world»famous (well, at least suite-famous) Gretzky
‘rapbook.

My friends thought I was crazy. Looking back on it, it
ust have been a strange first impression that l madeasa
eshman, running around like a madman and pasting ar-
~ cles and box scores into a photo album.

One highlight of that year is a game against St. Louis
bruary i7. Five goals and two assists. Four goals in the

f- ird period, IN A SPAN OF 7 MINUTES, 58 SECONDS!!!

.i:

By March 10, he's opened up an 18-point lead over that

;- eep Dionne in the scoring race. The only question now

as whether or not he was going to break Phil Esposito’s

 cord of 152 points in a season.

He ties it March 28 against Detroit. The next night ESPN
carrying the game that could enable him to break Espo's
cord. i decide to go Across the Street and watch. After
e first period, there is no scoring. I was so nervous every

e be touched the puck — I think the bartender thought I
as neurotic. I decide to leave, and wait to hear how he
es on the 11:00 news. | get the news from the Ripper ——
- did it. Three assists for the game, 155 points on the year.
He winds up with 55 goals, 109 assists for 164 points on
e year. Gretzky dominates Guy Lafleur as the Oilers
eep Montreal In the first round of the playoffs in one of

 

 

DECEMBER 6, 1983 1:1 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS , spértsy 

o _ My following of The Great Gretzke

the biggest upsets in Stanley Cup history. They wind up los-
ing to the eventual champion Islanders in six, but really put
a scare into them. Gretzky scores a hat trick in Game 3 and
puts on a dazzling performance, leaving a warning to the
rest of the league and me that he’ll be back next year.

I have Volume II of the Gretzky Scrapbook primed and
ready for the ‘81-’82 season. But for some reason I was
afraid of a letdown that year. I mean, after breaking the
record for most points in his second year in the league, the
Great Gretzky was due for a letdown. Right?

Gretzkyism Number One: Never expect anything less
than the best. .

What can be said about the ’8i-'82 season that hasn't
been said already? After 37 games he has 41 goals. He's
rapidly approaching Maurice Richard's record of 50 goals
in 50 games. I remember wondering whether he'd be able
to do it or if he‘d go into a slump.

Well, hls slump began with four goals against the Kings in
Game 38. The Oilers are hosting Philadelphia in Game 39
on December 30. i find out that the game is going to be
carried by the Philadelphia station on cable, so I set up an
tppointment for my Zenith and me at 9:30.

Two goals in the first period to give him 47 on the year.
I’m running around my house going crazy, but I'm tryingto
keep my hysteria at a low pitch so my parents don’t call the
crazy house and have me locked up.

Another goal in the second period. Forty-eight. Five
minutes into the third period, he gets number 49. Oh my
God. This is amazing.

 

For the next ten minutes of the game, nothing. Then..
with around six minutes left he takes a pass on a power
play and skates in alone on goal. This is it --— I’m ready to
scream and jump through the roof. But he ge's robbed by
Pete Peelers. No goal. That’s it. It's allover. If he can't do It
with a chance like that, then he'll have to get it the next
night. I’m ready to go to sleep.

Then it happens. The Flyurs are down by a goal with a
minute left and pull the goalie. Right at that point my
brother walks into the room.

"How's Gretzky doing?" he says.

"Four goals. He has 4‘). Don’t bother me now."

With a few seconds remaining, Glenn Anderson gets
control of the puck and feeds Gretzky near the red line.
Open not. He shoots. It‘s in. Number 50, with three
seconds remaining on the clock.

I grab my brother. “We did it, Ken. We did it!”

"What the hell did you do?" he asks me. '

Gretzkyism Number Two: When he is approaching a
record, don’t anticipate any delays —— he always enters
the record book in immediate, spectacular fashion.

On February 24 he breaks Esposito’s record of 76 goals
in one year by scoring three in the final seven minutes of
the game against Buffalo, giving him 79 on the year. it‘s
one thing to break the record, get mobbed by his team-
mates, get a standing ovation and get personally cor!-
gratulated by Espo himself. But then he has to score two

 

 

FUERZA LATINA O
PRESENTS A
CHRISTMAS DANCE

SALSA MUSIC WITH
ALEX TORRES Y
LOS REYES LATINOS

Semi Formal

Ft'i., Dec. 9th
Brulmcltcr Ballroom
At Bum Free 'l‘t'ttnsporttttion to uptown campus.

REE BEER/MUNCHIES/SODA

$3.50 wftaxcord
$5.00 w/o toxcnrd
$6.50 couples

AA

AAAAAA
vvvvvvvvv

A

9pm-2um

v

 

 

 

 

\AAAA‘
'

    
  

_f_0r_l_s_)§4 - 1985_

Applications Available in
All Quad Offices
Beginning December 12th.

l (SUNYA Is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative
l Action Employer: AppliCations from women and

minorities are encouraged.)

 

more goals after that, giving him the final three of the
game, which the Oilers win 6-3.

My friend calls me that night to congratulate me and tell
me that Gretzky's going to be on Good Morning America
the next day, so I set my alarm for 6:30 and get up to
watch. That’s when you know you're a real fanatic: when
your friends associate you with somebody and then you
get up at 6:30 am to watch him on a stupid TV show. The
Oilers get upset in the first round in the playoffs that year.
At the time I was crushed, but looking back on it now It
really didn't take anything away. With 92 goals and 120
assists it will be known as The Year of All Time, as it says on
Gretzky Scrapbook ll.

Last year was a ho-hum kind of year: 71 goals, 125
assists, 196 points. I do remember the All Star Game,
though, quite vividly.

I knew it was on TV, but I really wasn’t into going out to
Across the Street to watch it. All Star Games are so boring
anyway. Then I remembered:

Gretzkyism Number Three: Never pass up a chance to
watch him, because there's a better-than-likely chance
that you'll regret it the next day.

So I‘ dragged myself over to the The Pub and watched
him score four goals in the third period in front of an awed
Nassau Coliseum crowd. Yes, even the fans of the Stanley
Cup Champions can be wowed when watching the Great
One. Unbelievable.

The Oilers are swept by the Islanders in the finals. I
wasn‘t that upset, because it was their first appearance in

 

 The Great Gretzky i

 

 

the finals, there‘s no shame in getting swept by one of thd
greatest teams ever, and I know they‘ll be back again.

The culmination of all this mania came this summer
when I got to meet Gretzky at the Westchester Golf Classic
A— he was playing in the celebrity round the day before the
tournament actually began.

I got there late, so I didn’t catch up with him until he got
off the Izth green. Eddie Mio, one of his best friends, was
there just walkng around with him. I called Mio over. He
started to grab my pen, but I wasn’t interested in his
autograph. So he called Wayne over for me. I had my
scrapbook with me, and he came over to take a look.

There was a whole crowd of people around me as Gret-
zky started looking through it.

"You‘ve really got everything here, don't you?” he said
to me.

"I‘ve got a lot more at home,“ I said. "By the way, Billy
Smith is around looking for you.”

“Really?” he says. "Tell him i'm on the second hole.”

At that, he signed my scrapbook. “To Mark: Your Friend,
Wayne Gretzky, 99." It says it right on the inside cover of
that scrapbook of the record-breaking year.

He got to the next tee and threw me one of his golf balls,
which is still sitting on a table in my house. I remember
leaving there that day and thinking to myself that no matter

vwhat happened during the last two months of the summer,
I'd look back on it and say it was great. C!

  
  
 

MM

  

R .

a
i
if
i

 

