vwc—ﬂ

 

 

 

\ I orld 

 

Price war threatens OPEC

Riyadh, Saudi Arab/a
(AP) Saudi Arabia ltcld last-ditch talks with Libya Thurs-
day in an effort to forge a new oil price reduction agree-
ment within OPEC. But informed sources said the Sattdis
were growing increasingly skeptical of reaching an accord
and might boycott art emergency nteeting of tltc cartel.

Oil Minister Sheik Altnted Zaki Yamanl ntet for 2 1/2
hours at his office with tlte Libyan minister. Kamel
Hassan Maghttr. Yamani later eluded reporters. artd
Magltur said lte had “no comment" on their discussions

Meanwhile. Venezuelan Ettergy Minister Humberto
Calderon Berti conferred in Paris with ltis cottnterparts
from Kuwait. Algeria and Mexico. Mexico. wlticlt is not
an OPEC member. crtlled for intensification of contacts
among OPEC attd non-OPEC prodtrccrs to avoid ttn all-
out price war.

The Saudis are believed to be trying to rally the
Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries. and
other producers. around a new, base price of $30 a barrel -
a $4 cut.

Tltcy are facing dissensiort from some of their gttlf
Arab allies. wlto are reported demanding immediate ac-
tion. There also is opposition frotrr what tlte Saudis
describe as a number of noncortttttitted ()I'IEC states. ltt~
eluding lratt and Liby; as well as Nigeria artd licttador.
which already have broken the 534 base.

Ittforntcd sottrces sttid the Saudis may not attettd arty
new OPEC meetings. ttttlcss an agreement is ttssttred of
passing.

"The current negotiations itt Riyadh ttre tlte last chance
to save what 'an be saved" for ()I’LiC and the world
eeonotny. said the leading Saudi newspaper Al-Itiyttdh.
The paper said the "first wave of recession" itt tr price war
would itutntlatc all oil producers.

FDR blamed for WWII camps

It tithing/on. I). C.
(AP) A government commission pttt tttttclt ot‘ the blattte
Thursday on President Franklin D. Rooserelt for the
World War II internment of 120,000 people of Japanese
descent bttt stopped short of reeotntnendittg caslt compen-
satiott for that “grave injustice."

Nonetheless. it appeared certain that cotttpettsation will
be recommended when the Commi ion on Wartime
Relocation and Intertrtncttt of Civilians tssttcs its proposals
to Congress. probably in little. lly then. tltc commis on is
expected to have completed a study of the ecottomie suffer-
ittg arising frottt the 2 l/Z-ycar itttcrntucttt of tltc etttirc
West Coast community of etltnic Japanese.

The commission fouttd that race ltatred. war hysteria and
a failure of political leadership were the root causes of tile
episode. generally regarded as a blot in the nation‘s history.

But Roosevelt. as tltc nation‘s leader. received ttntclt of
the blame in the comtttission‘s report issued Thursday.

The wartimc leader signed the detention order without
“any careful or thorough review of the situation." the
commission said: he did nothing to calttt war hystcri aimed
at the Japanese on the West Coast; he remained silcttt when
his navy secretary falsely reported tltat Japanese espionage
helped bring about America's costly (lcfcttt ttt 1’ ml llar-
her. and he delayed the release of the Japanese for 18 mon-
ths after Secretary of War Henry L. Stimson said it could
no longer be justified as a military measure.

 

 

Cuomo unveils works bill

Iii/tg/ItmtIu/t. N. Y.
(AP) Gov. Mario Cttotrto released details Thursday of his
$1.25 billion bond issue to rcvitaIiIc New York state's
crumbling public works system.

Cttonto said tltc bottdittg would cttable New York to
mount a five-ycar. $7 billion program to "reverse" the
“deteriorating condition" of its transportation facilities.
If approved by the state Legislature. the ‘"Transportation
Infrastructure Renewal llottd Act“ would go before
voters this Novetttbcr itt a statewide referendum.

“For almost two centuries. New York's continued
economic growth has been littkcd to the ott-going
development of a cotnplex network of roads. waterways,
railoads. ports, airports and transit systems." said
Cuomo. who used the bond issttc as a major tltctrte of his
1982 gubernatorial campaign.

0f the $l.25 billion produced by the issuing of long»
term. state-backed bottds. Cuottto said 50 percent would
go for upstate projects. 25 percent for work itt New York
City and 25 percent for New York City suburban projects.

Reagan denies EPA scandal

Washington, D. C.
(AP) President Reagan, denying a scandal was brewing at
the Environmental Protection Agency. named
replacements Thursday for Rita M. Lavclle and two other
administrators he removed in the continuing sltakeup at the

The President said be retained confidence In the en-

 

Fight now or pay later

Fight the ltlkell Students strikell Monday Feb. 28 is
SUNY's Lobby Day at the legislature. Don't go to
classes. and don't stay in bed. 00 to the circle between 9
and 11 um. and take at Wellington or one of SA's
cltartered buses to the state Capitol. Downtown students
don't come ttptown. Meet in front of Brubacher at 8:30
am. and march to the Capitol. Students from SUNY
schools across the state are gatltcring itt front of the
Capitol to protest the proposed SU NY budget. The strike
will last a few hours and includes various speakers from
SASU.

Skttng crrsrs

Skiers and non-skiers are invited to participate in the
1983 Refer Switchboard Ski-a-thon on Sunday Feb. 27. at
Brodie Ski Resort. Refer Switchboard. a 24 hour crisis
ltotlitte. needs people to ski. pledge money. or volunteer
their time. Downhill and cross cottrttry trails will be open
for Ski-a-thon skiers beginning at 9 a.m. Proceeds from
the cvcttt will be used to defray I-lotline operating costs.
For tuore infortntttion call 462-5900.

Performing babes

(to see Rodger's attd Ilart's “liabcs itt Arms" this
weekend, ttt tltd Iimma Willard School itt Troy. Perfor-
mances ttrc scheduled for Saturday Feb. 26 ttt ti p.m.. attd
Sunday Feb. 27 at 2 pm. Admission is free.

"Babes itt Arms" is the story of eight overworked attd
underpaid apprettticcs itt summer stock theater who.
against all odds. try to produce their own show.

4077 farewell

Say “sayonara” to the “Swamp” at the March of
Dimes MASH Bash costume party on Monday evening.
Feb. Ztl at the Albany Thruway House. More informa-
tiott or tickets may be obtttittcd by calling the March of
Dimes chapter office at 783-9363.

Where do women stand?

The position of wotttert itt today's society will be the
topic of a researclt colloquirn entitled. “Anthropological
Research on Wornctt itt Contemporary Society."
SUNYA graduate student Frances Masciu-Lecs will pre-
sent the colloquium on Wednesday. March 2. at 12:15
in l-IU 354.

 

 

Visiting friends

Looking for an interesting and unique relationship?
How about getting to know a senior citizen? The 5......"
citizens of Schncctady County need you to give just orre‘
hour a week to provide support. companionship. and
asslstanee. Here‘s an opportunity to become pttrt of a
special friendsltip.

If you are interested in becoming a Friendly Visitor,
contact Jody Weiner on Tuesdays and Thursdays at tltc
Human Services Planning Council at 372-3395.

Mr. America where are you?

 

Attention: all talented men itttetestcd itt competing for
scholarships. a trip to Las Vegas. awards. attd more.
totallittg more tltatt tett thousand dollars. The first annual
televised United States Men's Pageant is looking lot
single high school attd college students between tltc ilt'L's
of Iii-26 to be contestants. Points will be awarded tot
talent, swimsuit. evening attire. ttttd itttct'tieuiug
categories. If you are interested cttd two recent XXltl
photos (one body shot. one facial). ltcigltt. weight.
resume. attd type of talent to be sltowcascd to: lltc
Uttitcd States Men's l‘ttgcant c/ol.arry York Productions.
P.(). Box 6478. Itcvcrly Hills. CA 90212. lttclttdc a self
addressed statnped ettvclope attd your phone number.

The deadline for entries is Marclt 31. I983.

 

 

 

 

virontttental agency's administrator. Attttc Mc(iill Iturford.
attd told reporters who asked abottt a possible EPA scatt-
dal: “The only one brewing is itt tltc trtcdia that‘s talking
about it."

Meanwhile. Ms. Lavelle. in a second day of congres-
siottttl testimony. told a House Public Works subcommittee
that her firittg by Reagan was still “phenomenal” to Itcr
and insisted site had dottc nothing wrong.

“I ltope today we ctttt pttt all the charges on the table '
let's discuss when. where. attd what." site said.

Reagan chose Lee M. Thomas. an associate director of
tltc Federal Emergency Martttgetnettt Agency. to succeed
Ms. Lavcllc. He will be given the title of actittg assistant ad—
tttlttistrator for solid waste attd ctttcrgcncy respottsc.
Thomas has been praised for his work leading a federal task
force dealing with the dioxin cotttatttittatiott problcttts at
Titttcs Beach. MO.

Ms. Lavclle‘s firittg by Reagan on Feb. 7 protrtptcd a
flurry of congressional investigations ittto allegations of
mismanagement. ()tt Wednesday. the president asked for
tltc resignations of another assistant administrator attd tltc
agency‘s ittspcctor general.

Cuomo draws criticism

Iiinttltttuttmt. N. 1’.
(AP) Gov. Mario Cuomo doesn‘t scent able to go anywhere
tltcsc days without rutttting ittto people who have a bone to
pick with him.

On Thursday. New York's ttcw governor visited this
Southern Tier city atrd cncoutttcrcd what aides described as
his "most vocal opposition" to date over his proposed state
budget.

About 80 demonstrators. many identified as public
employees. greeted Cuonto as he arrived at the 5.;nrity
Mutual building for a reception with business attd civic
leaders.

While acknowledging that uniott support ltelped his cant-
puign, Cuomo said “no deals" were made to exempt public
employees frotn sharing the burden of closing what he
estimates ts a potential $1.8 billion budget gap.

At three separate locations Cuomo was met by
demonstrators angry with his proposals to cut 14 000 jobs
from the state work force. I

During the reception. the governor said the only way
around the layoffs was to raise taxes and fees even more
than the $900 million he already has proposed.

 

 

Tax may create new jobs
le/Jturv. .\, l‘.
(Al’) The state's acting transportation commissioner sttitl
Thursday that wltilc ttcw gasoline tax tttoncy flowing ltttlll
Washington will tneatt jobs for New Yorkers. tnost ot those
new jobs will be for road design engineers itt the shott-tcr Ill.

Attd John Mladinov said that most of those design
ettgittccrs would ttot be state employees. but consultants
hired witltottt cotnpctitivc bidding. Mladinov llIiltlL‘ the
predictiott before a joittt state Legislature fiscal conttrrrttee
reviewing (iov. Marlo Cuotno's proposed $31.52 brlltott
state budget.

Ilowcvcr. Mladinov told Assembly Ways and Heath
Cotntttittce Chairman Arthur Kremer. l)-Nassau. that he
expected the stttte would he pttttittg “thousands” oI t'\ltil
construction workers on the job by the spring of 1984 \\t|l1
the new federal tttoncy.

The acting commissioner said that while tltc depat llltt‘lll
was able to quickly find enough highway projects to qualilt
for new federal dollars. the regional offices of l)()'l had to
go ottt looking for extra bridges which cottld qualify for llw
new money.

Mladinov told the fiscal committees that the new trrmts‘,\~
front the federal gcvcrtttttcttt‘s nickel—avgallot! 1141* M“
cottld mean an extra $230 million for higlmil)‘ “‘"k i” ll".
eotrtittg fiscal year which begins April I.

Abrams pushes rackets law

 

New York. N-
(AP) Witlt the backing of a top Justice Departtttcttt olt‘ieia
and other leading investigators. Attorney General Ruhr”
Abrams renewed his effort Thursday to give New Y0” 1‘
tougltcr rackets-breaking law.

The proposal is a scaled-down version of tltc ls'dt'li'l
Racketeer Influenced and Corrttpt Organiyariotts ACI-
which ltas been criticized by civil libertarians as giving 1110‘
sccutors too much power.

The New York version has failed to pass the sliIW
legislature in the last two years.

But Abrams has reduced the l'cdcml law‘s hrcadtlt and
believes he has chance to win adoption of 6 314"” ("Wm/“I
Crime Control Act because ofsuppo t In. the concept “'0'”
Gov. Mario Cuomo.

 

 

Intercollegiate
athletics may
violate NCAA
regulations

l 3 Tim Shlel

STA TE PRESS SERVIle

 

The funding process of SUNY inter-
collegiate atltleties is under scrutiny. one
reason being the existence of NCAA
violations. according to Vice Chancellor
for Educational Services Dr. James
Stttoot.

“Unofficially. we are in violation on
the rttles —— technically. that is. NCAA
may also be aware. technically and unof-
ficially of that," Smoot said.

The funding system is being in-
vestigated by a 27-member task force ap-
pointed by Chancellor Clifton R. Whar-
ton. Jr.. in November 1982. Aceordittg
to SUNY's press officc.theTask Force
on lmprovittg the Qttality of Student
Life is “expected to grapple with pro-
bletrts faced by SUNY's 29 state-
operated campuses at which inter-
collegiate programs are funded Itettvily
by stttdcttt activity fees."

NCAA regulations require that if art
“atltletie program is financed by student
fees to the degree that the allocation of
sttch fees is of sufficient magnitude to
affect the intercollegiate utltletic policies
artd programs . . . administrative
and/or faculty staff members must eon-
stitttte at least a simple majority . . . of
the board in control."

Presently. the universities and colleges
fttttd facilities. equipment and coaches
salaries with all other costs comittg frotn
student activity fees allocated by student
associations. A task force survey says
that approxitnately half of athletic pro-
gram funding comes from this student
money.

Student members of the task force
argue that there is no violation of
NCAA regulations because of a SUNY
policy giving campus presidents ultimate
control over stttdent activity allocations.
“If tltc president doesn't like (the
antottnt allocated to athletics). he
doesn’t have to sign it. It's been done
before." said Scott Wexler. SASU ex-
ecutive vice president and a member of
the task force. This ultimate control.
chler said. circumvents the NCAA
regulation requiring administrative or
faculty majority of the board in control.

However. Smoot said that the nature
of stttdent funding could violate the
NCAA regulations. Every four years
students on each campus are required to
hold a referendum to decide whether
student activities are to be mandatory or
voluntary. Should the fees become
voluntary — decreasing revenues
available to student associations —
athletics programs and policies would be
affected. he said. Smoot added that this
possible violation was an impetus for the
current examination of SUNY's athletic
fttnding.

NCAA Legislative Assistant John
Levitt said infractions of this type. if
proven. may "range from private cen-
sure of the campus — with no penalty at
all — to complete expulsion from the
NCAA."

A report provided to task force
tttctnbcrs. prepared itt February I978 by
A: ' attt Vice Chancellor for Stttdcttt
Affairs Ronald M. Bristow. says that a
.“discussion by a staff tnetnbcr of the
r(SUNY) ccrttral administration with an
‘lIIVCSllgalOI‘ of the Enforcement Diviv
sion of NCAA confirmed an allegation
by members of the university faculty
that our funding systcnt does not comply
with the NCAA constitution. Wltile no
fortttal report ltas been submitted to
NCAA regarding this situation. it would
appear likely that the filing of such a
report would lead to the finding that the
campuses of the ttttiversity were in viola-
tion."

Two factors other than the possible
NCAA violations are being looked at by

 

 

 

 

 

the task force. These include wltat r
l. A

 

FEBRUARY 25. 1983 D ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 3

Albany to host SA SU conference

 

Bﬁy Anthony Sllber
I)

ITORIAL ASSISTANT

 

Students from around the state are
scheduled to attend the 12th annual SASU
Legislative Conference this weekend at
SUNYA.

According to SASU Legislative Director
Steve Cox. the conference. which will

' ' Monday with a massive lobbying
campaign at the capital. intends to bring
student leaders and activists front ntcmbcr
campuses around the state together to train
tltem in the legislative process.

After providing students with an over-
view of the legislative process. said Cox. the
eortference will tttrn to an intensive look at
the current budget process. “We want to
show students how SUNY fits into the pro-
cess." he said. “and also ltow they can af-
feet the process.”

SASU Communications Director Mary
Prcndcrgust agreed with Cox. saying. “we
want to ittstill a sense of activism in students
again — trot just because of the fiscal rcttlity
that confronts tts. but also because the lack
of activism itt Icgislttting attd itt the streets
makes it easy for dccisiott rttakers to
underestimate students."

According to Cox. the conference agenda
will include pattcl discussions on tltc main
themes —— the legislative process and the
Imdget process — as Well as smaller group
seminars on non-budget issues. Both stttff
attd membership of the Senate ttttd
Assembly will be rcprcsetttcd. Ire sttid. along
with representatives of the governor's of-
fice.

Ideally. Cox said. the 200 SUNYA
students who are expected to attend tltc
conference will be able to act in some
‘apacity to lead and coordittutc the stttdcttts
front around the state who will arrive Mon-
day to participate in the lobbying effort.
Cox said that about 1500 to 2000 statewide
representatives are expected.

 

Behind the scenes In a quad cateterla

  

 

 

 

AMV COHEN ups
SA President Mike Corso ____
"...Irying to save the (ItllllllL'lI college. "

According to Cox, the goal of the lobby-
ing effort. which will be conducted
simultaneously with United University Pro-
fessions and other SUNY groups. is to
rttake the legislature aware of what will hap-
pen to the ttttivcrsity if the proposed bttdgct
passes. Starting Monday morning. said
Cox. Lobbyists will go to the legislative of-
fice building to spcttk to hometoth and
carnptts representatives as well as the leader-
ship.

“We want to impress on tltcttt that ae-
ccssible higher education is not just a nice
tltittg. a luxury to be thrown away when
things are bad." Prcttdergast said. “Wltttt
we are demanding is to be part of the
decision-making proc "

Cox said that SASU feels that none of lllt.‘
proposed cttts are necessary. " t ttey are try-
ing to dccitnate SUNY." lte sttid. “Stttdett'...
will ltttve to pay tttorc. and tnatty will have
considerably less access to many
programs.“

SASU strategy. according to Cox. is to
bring home to the legislature arid the L JVCr-

 

   
   
 
 

nor what will happen to SUNY if the pro
posed budget passes. In the belief that the
legislature will have the wisdom to deal with
the budget as it should. “The mom likely
scenario." he said. “is a com-
promise—some new taxes by the legislature.
and some retrenchment by us."

Accordlttg to Student Association Presi-
dent Mlkc Corso. S.A. is organizing a stu-
dent strlke to allow SUNYA students to
participate in the lobbying. Corso said that
efforts are currently underway to have
teachers postpone exams scheduled for
Mortday. and to inform students of the
plttns.

The effort to organize a strike began a
week ago. said Corso. with a letter to facul-
ty from Corso and UUI’ President Tim
Reilly asking for postponement of exams.
Last night. Corso reported. Cctttral Coun-
cil pttssed by acelamation a rcsoltttiott sup-
porting the strike.

Corso said that the adtttittistratiott has
ttot commented on the planned strike. “I'm
sure they support it. though." he said. "We
are trying to save the damned college!"

Iluscs cotttracted by S.A. will trattsport
students to the (‘apirol starting at 9 Monday
morning. Corso said. Additiottally. ltc said
that efforts are underway to organize t
march front Alumni quad to the Capital.

Prendergast said that registration for the
cottfcrcnec begins illolJ apt Saturday at the
S.A. office in the campus center. Fees of
$30 per person for member seltools and $40
for tron-member schools will be charged to
cover speakers fees and a bttnqttet on Sun-
day night for conference attendees. site
said.

To conclttde the three days of activities.
said Cox, :1 SASU convetttion will be held
in tire state convention center Monday
evening to asses the impact of the
weekend. Ll

ww-

LISA SIMMONS UPS

"We use all Grade A beef chttIt/ts...more or less everything is made front scratch—Ito prerervulivcs. "

UAS prime target for students’ beef

 

By Suzanne Abels
5']?! 'I" II'RII'Iz'R

Food attracts many of the complaints
about SUNYA bttt Ronald Clough. Direc-

tor of UAS Contract Food Service. said
l‘thc big problem is gellittg students involv-
ed itt the system."

The UAS Food Service “feeds over 6.500
people." Clouglt said and when “you are
dcalittg in volttmc. you
lose a little (taste) from tltc 
begittningto end." Head-
ded that “another pro- Feature
blettt is metttt choice" attd
that the cooked-to-order litre is used when
the menu is weak.

The menu is made up by Clouglt. Nutri-
tiottist Cheri Domanieo. and the Food Ad-
visory Committee. Together. these people
work on suggestions and projects related to
food service. "For instance. we don't ltave
meatloaf on the menu because students
have suggested it be takett off." com-
rttentcd Clottgh. He maintained that

 

 

«mats. , Wm»... sew..- 

“cverytitrte we get a feasible suggestion we
try it out on one quad (usually tltc one that
m, i it) and then we do it all over."

Chair of the Food Advisory Committee
Mittdy I'Iartstcin said. "We‘ve gotten a few
changes tttadc. We ittstittttcd a mini-deli
littc on Sunday. have Rectpe thltt every
other week attd next week we are having In-
ternational food." Site commented that
“UAS is very willittg to help attd | cttjoy
working with them."

According to Allisott Pcrcy. Colonial
Quad Representative on the Food Advisory
Committee. "People voice more cont-
plaints than they write down." Percy also
stated that “students always complain
about the food but nobody cotttes to our
meetings to be reasottable about them."

Mcetittgs of the eottttnittce ttrc held at tltc
members cottvenicttee and arty suggestions
for consideration should be pttt on the sug-
gestion board itt the cafeterias.

Stepltanic Hack. a student on Colonial
Quad. contplaincil‘abottt the atmospltcrc in
the cafeterias. She said. “It‘s very imper~

-. “out... w ».»

sottal attd lighting is like that itt the
library."

Dutch Qttad however. was rcdottc over
Christmas break and thc atttbiattcc tltere is
improved. According to Clottglt. “Dtttclt
Quad cafeteria is the oldest on the uptown
campus so we did it first. bttt over a period
of titnc we ltopc to have all new cafeterias.”

The Cotttract Food Service is rttn by a
computer cotttrol system. All stttdcttt ac-
counts. pttyehccks, billing. attd ittvetttory
ttre rtttt by this system. There are about 25
people rttnttittg tlte cotnntissary.and itt ad-
ditiort UAS ctttploys chefs attd 600 suppor-
ting staff to all the cafeterias. .

A l0llr of the Commissary reveals the
cleanliness and efficiency of the operation.
All deliveries of food and beverages are
ntadc to the cottrmissury. “We make two
deliveries a day to each qttad. One ill the
morning which brings dry attd canned
goods along with meat for the next day.
The afternoon delivery provides baked
goods attd forgotten orders. Clough saisd,

‘ b

 .  .. .. ...._ ,....._...la,..- “sax-hymn.“ law: .._,... ..

 

 

