a...“ s... ,_..

 

EDITORIALS. * . ,
Watt —- another policyl?

 

 

the nation's capital has finally resigned, and trees
and forests rm breathe a sigh of relief.

Maybe. Watt will be out of office, but the anti-
environmental policies he advocated will likely be con-
tinued in the Department of the interior. Also, his absence
from the Reagan administration will certainly be used in an
effort by the conservatives to pan themselves off as
moderates trying some new policies.

it was Watt's big mouth, not his administrative policies,
that forced him from ofﬁce. And he has a history of his big
mouth causing trouble.

Among other comments, he has publicly said:

> The struggle for control of federal politics was between
“Americans and liberals," not between Democrats and
Republicans.

u if Jews didn't support the administration's ev-
nironmental policies. the Reagan administration may not
support lsrael.

> Envirortmentallsts were analogus to Nazis.

p lndian reservations are exantples of failed socialism.

p The Beach Boys attract the “wrong people," then in-
vited Las Vegas pop-glitter singer Wayne Newton and his
crowd of gamblers and mobsters to the Mall on July
Fourth.

One of the biggest annoyances to common sense in

 

u The bigoted remark that finally cost him his Job,
describing minority, women and a disabled member of a
coal study commision in insensitive terms.

Reagan's shedding of Watt is likely part ofa move to ap-
pear as a moderate. The next year of his presidency will be
spent on relatively safe foreign policy matter, instead of the
explosive domestic and social issues that has caused
widespread dissatisfaction with him.

Lebanon has a much less dangerous political constituan-
cy than abortion, and participation in arms talks have an
appeal to moderate voters.

But changes in appearances cannot chance the change in
policy that right-wing administrators have imposed.

Watt moved to open environmentally sensitive off-shore
areas to oil drilling. He supervised the largest transfer of
public lands and resources to private hands and set coal
prices at lire-sale levels.

During tlte next I2 months. we‘ll be hearing a lot of
rhetoric about Reagan the pcaccrnnker, or Reagan the en-
vironmentalist. or Reagan the fcmininst.

But it will simply be empty rhetoric. The fact will remain
that the Reagan has done ltlorc titan any other president to
enact repressive legislation and laws beneﬁting the corpora-

tions that bred bureaucrats like Watt.

The only real question will be if voters will be look past
the modified statements and see Reagan's policies for what
they are. __ Fl

Raw deal

T his is important! What the hell happened

 

 

yesterday?

The administrative offices were all closed,
the department offices were shut down. and the soda
machines did not get reloaded. Evcn the toilet paper
ran out. Yet faculty had to work and students had to
attend classes. Why was yesterday different front all
other days?

Because yesterday was the day Christopher Colum-
bus was suid to have discovered America. Altd
because of that find. a “national holiday" is observ-
ed. lt now seems apparent, however, that only the
privilcdgcd arc perntittcd to observe it. Who decided
to give students and professors a raw deal? [ l

 

 

 

COLUMN/ A

Can’t win situation

The tragic chain of events ill Lebanon and the similarity
of these events with those in Vietnam, further reminds us of
the complexity of making foreign policy. The stakes being
played for, human life and possibly all of-human civiliza-
tion, make this job all the more difficult. This is why_
foreign policy making receives such extensive media
coverage and in this column i will endow it further with
such. -

Ronald Brant Gerstenr

As hard as a war is to wage, peace is even harder to wage.
The only thing that is harder than waging peace is waging
war and peace at the same time with the same adversaries.
Quite paradoxically, it seems the only way we can reach our
ends is to do both and deny doing either. This is what we
call diplomacy and/or negotiations. in this, one has to walk
a very ﬁne line. This fine line slides between compromise
and acquiescence, between showing resolve and acting in-
ﬂexibly, between being imperialist and supporting the
democratic self determination of pcoples.This fine line is
further obscured because these terms can describe the same
situation, although the connotations are quite different.

What further exaggerates the problem of making policy
in the United States. is that the perceptions and opinions of
the U.S. general public, the opponents, and regretably, the
NATO allies. must all be pandcred too. This is quite difv
ficult because each of the above groups frame of reference
and interests are so varied.

Not only is it very hard to decide what is the correct thing
to do in a critical situation btlt one must also put great ef-
fort into anticipating how others will perceive the action
and what ralltilications the action will ltave.

Applied to the situation ilt Lebanon. would the
reorganization of the Lebanese government be a com-
promise towards pcace ilt the region, or would it be further
appeasement of the Syrians in their effort to control the
region they claim is theirs, including present day lsrael?
Would the growth of U.S. p 'ncc keeping (war keeping)
forces in the region show the resolve we have ill maintaininu
an independent frccly elected or would it be
another example in a long line of imperialism?

Finally. would the maintainance of US. troop aid to the
frail Gcmaycl regime show our loyalty towards allies or
would it be a showcase of the inflexibility of U.S. policy
making'.‘

This is where the analogy with Vietnam comes in. They
were both situations in which conflict starts among local
people, is compounded by superpower involvement and
further complicated by the superpowers attempts to
manipulate their chosen proxies.

The situation in Lebanon is even more complex because
the proxies even have proxies. United States proxies in the
region are the Lebanese army, Phalangist militias and to
some degree, the Israelis. l‘he Sovret proxres are lne
Syrians, the Syrian proxies are the Druse militias, other
Muslim militias, Palestinian guerillas, and paid mercenaries
including lranians and Pakistanis.

The fragmented military, political, and cultural situation
makes the problem seem even less solveable then that of
Vietnam. The culture and thinking of the Lebanese is as
alien to us as that of the Vietnamese. This general
misunderstanding leads to damaged communication. The
difficulty of communication and negotiation makes the

 

walking of that fine line, refered to above, impossible. No
matter how ortc acts they will iltevitably be misunderstood
by the opposition.

if one sets out to show strength, resolve and reverence to
our ideals, it will be interpreted as wanton aggression and
non-commitment to peace negotiations. if one sets out to
be ﬂexible, understanding and even conciliatory it will be
perceived as weakness, ignorance or abandonment of an al-
ly.

This is tltc difficulty of making policy in Lebanon, all the
while innocent U.S. soldiers are getting killed. Our troops
are between factions on a suicidal mission to anhillate each
other. The overwhelming tendency is to pull out our troops
from Lebanon. This tendency is a result of the Victnamiza-
tion of U.S. policy.

The Vietnamization of U.S. policy is the change of the
collective psycltc as a result of U.S. involvement in In-
dochina. As a people, we have no faith in the use of the
conventional military around the world. As a result, we
have gravitated towards an isolationist mentality. it has ef-
fected our use of U.S. troops abroad and the way we deal
with friendly governments besieged by rebellion. While it
has taught us an important lesson, it has also made us gun-

shy, nltd as a result otllcr countries show a lot less colt-
fidcnce altd respect.

Policy makers in considering the different options, must
weigh the short term saving of lives to the long term effects.
The long term effccts of a Syrian occupation of Lebanon
(Greater Syria) must be considered if one wants to reduce
U.S. involvement irt this whole mess.

FirSt, it would send a signal to the rest of the world, that
tile United States will abandon you when you need them
tnost.

Sccortdly. it would put tltc world one step closer to a
Syrian-lsraeli confrontation and lnost likely a war. One in
which we would be fully involved.

Finally, it would subject the Lebanese people. botlt
Christian and Muslim. to Syrian domination. ln consider-
ing the options. we must realize nothing is predictable but
further involvement clearly leads us on a path dccper illto
this quuagmire.

The difficulty of making U.S. foreign policy is evident.
All we can do is watchfully wait and act incrementally.
Hopefully. we will incrementally get less involved rather
than ntore. Just as in Central America and the Phillipincs.
we are damned ifwc do and damned if we don’t. [Ll

 

College Press Service

 

        
 

“canal ties RUN our or meat!"

QR [shim h
b bﬁhlkwuﬂ .

 

 

 

LETTERS .

Poor- representation

To the Editor:

lam writing to inform you and your readers of the situa-
tion Involving the lack of direct representation of the
freshman clasg which i ﬁnd appalli g.

As the situation now stands. elect ons will be held in the
middle of October to elect a fifteen member class council
This council will then elect the President. Vice President,
Secretary and Treasurer of the class. This is what i ﬁnd so
distressing. The fact that the freshman class will have no
direct inﬂuence over who will lead it is a basic violation of
the individual liberties of the class of ‘87.

This problem is not, however. due to an oversight. At an
interest meeting for prospective candidates for Freshman
Class council, the fewer titan thirty people in attendance
were informed that they were the “steering committee" for
tltc class and were surprisingly, entpowercd with writing the
consititution that would govern the class. At this point. the
question as whether or not the ofﬁcers would. be
democratically and fairly elected, arose. Only two of the
candidates, however, Doug Tuttlc and Gino Visco.
responded favorably when a vote was taken on the issue of
direct‘ representation. What gives this “steering
committee" that consists of less than thirty people the rigltt
to. ilt effect. take complete control of the class.

liach class controls a considerable budget that consists of
thousands of dollars of money contributcd through student
activities office by the students themselves. Should our
money be spent by people we did not elect to spend it? if
you think as I do, thath should be led only by people that
we watli to be led by. tltclt support tltc 'nndidatcs who will
make the interests of the students their top priority.

— Steven lleller
Egg on access

To the Editor:

The university should be proud that it has one of the
nlost accessible campuses for disabled and ltundicapped
students. Your paper detailed its qualities ill the article

“Disabled students praise SUNYA accessibility” published '

Oct. 7.

However, acct. ‘sibility isn't always the rosy picture that
the article painted. Earlier this semester, I banged a
whcclchair-bound man in the legs with one of the first-floor
Campus Celttcr doors that lead to the Rat.

An ittcident that recently happened to me may help il-
lustrate this problem. i was walking to the Campus Center
stairway from the Rat, and one of the doors — which does
not ltave a glass panel of any size —-— suddenly swung open,
striking my arm. This caused me to drop an entire
chocolate egg cream on the floor, annoying myselfand em-
barrassing the woman who accidentally opened the door on
my arm.

All wooden replacement doors should have a longer glass
panel to allow all people to see who‘s approaching on the
other side. The solid wooden doors with no glass panels
should be phased out.

—— Pete Trevoulcdcs

Homophobia evident

To the Editor:

After reading the lcltcr to tile editor clltitlcd "lliascd
Opinion" I can only cottcltldc that author Elain Fronhofer
is suffering from art illness commonly known as
Homophobia.

Homophobia is a fear of homosexuals based on ig-
norance ultd prcdjudicc. A frequent attempt of
llomophobics is to present homosexuals as a group apart

 

from the rest of society whose moral characteristics take
presidence over the rest of their personality. Homophoblcs
like to suggest that Homosexuals are themselves inherently
elitist and predjudlce.

Fronhofer falls to see that people who happen to be gay
exist in every single sector of our society. the military and
ROTC being no exception.

Ms. Fronhofer's argument is simply that since the law
prohibiting homosexuals is a congressional law. the military
and ROTC should not be punished by denying them adver-
tising space.

This single basis for Fronhofer's argument is rather nim—
sy since Capt. Conghram has been informed that the ASP
will be happy to accept ROTC advertising if they only
would tell the truth in their ad's. lfthey would only state in
their ad's “If you are a homosexual you need not apply."

As a gay American i find myselfat odds with the current
congressional laws and l intend to do my part through tltc
democratic process to alter this situation.

As a student at SUNYA i don‘t see the ASP advertising
issue as gay rights as opposed to tire militay and ROTC.
The real issue presented in the ASP editorial was one of
trutlt in advertising.

l applaud the ASP for its decision.

i will rtot hold my brcatlt waiting for ROTC to contply by
placing all ad in which they speciﬁcally announcc tttnt
homosexuals rlccd not apply.

— Murk I‘laglc
Steering Commit/cc. (ML/t

Reconsider facts

To the Editor:

Your editorial. "Reagan's Rampant Militarism," shows
a disregard for fact. and a short memory.

The editorial comes sll'itiglll out of the liberal
-intcllectual dogma that whenever military force is used. a
terrible crime is being committed. Witclt force, ltot ltcgotirl-
tion, is proven to be effective, the liberals of the country
(including the media. which is not only liberal but leftist)

start coming out with silly, cffete arguments. like your
editorial.

in Central America. it seems whrttcvcr limited military
strength the administration ltas used has been effective. Tllc
lcftist guerillas were quieted down to the poirtt where. in El
Salvador, free elections took place. While El Salvador is
still ltot a cornerstone of democracyI at least tltc govern-
ment had shown its willingness to move in that direction.
()ltr government, for its part, helped keep those elections
t’rc' and has been willing to defend its beliefs there.

Lebanon is different. Remember in the summer of '82,
when tltc number one liberal priority was getting tllc lsraelis
our of Lebanon? Well. ironically, the administration got
swept up in the liberal rhetoric of that period. Reagan was
able to get tltc lsraelis to pull their forces back, but only by
committing the marines to rcittforce the Lebanese army.
Now, tltc liberals are blaming Reagan for ptttting us ill a
messy situation. even thought it was tllcllt who pushed us to
get involved.

Now comes the part where your argttcmcnt tctllly breaks
down. You call the American dowrtittg of tltc Libyan plnltc
iill cxamplc of the "new triggcr happiness." The facts of
the situation were that the navy was conducting maneuvers
ill the Gulf of Sidra, which Libya considers within its ter-
ritorial limits. This is unrecognized throughout almost the
entire world. Libya sent jcts over to harass thc nmltctlvcrs
and tltcll, only tltcn, did we shoot down the figlttcr. Your
editorial nutkes it sound as if we arbitrarily shot down a Li-
bynll jct minding its own business. Twice you commit a
serious sin of omitting facts ill this section. l regard it as a
blatant lie and call for a retraction frollt tltc cditorinl
board.

—— Robert Mcrrcll

 

 

a. ..
caspectcs

Eltlhlllhod In 1916

Mark Garner. Editor rn Clliaf
Plllrlcll Mitch-ii, Lilll Strain, Mtlrltigtrlp Editors

.Stovo Fox, Anthony Sllitol

News Editors r
llultil Grnlln. nthtlldlnlnl

Associate New: Editor

   

  
 
   

   

ASPactI Editor . . . . . . . . ., .. . . . .. .. . Gail Murrult
Auoelaia ASP-oil Edlior .... , .. ,. ..... Davrr L L. LIISNII
uOnitl Edllor ., .... . . . . . . . . John Konllan
Sound Editor... . . . . . . . . .. Jonas Nuuchtn
Vision Editor . .. LisnnnnSokolowskt

Sport! Editor .... .... Marc Schwrllr
Auocllte Sports Editors Mark Luylnr). Toni Kacnndoa

Editorial Pap" Editor. . . . . . . . . . .. Edward nulnos

Photography Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Ed Mnrusslch

Contributing Editors: 0 l2, Dobbin Judau. Wayne Pooruboorn. Editorial
Aullllnls: Maddi Kun, Sloyo Marks Sllll wrlllrl: Gina Abnrtd. Suzanna
Abnla. Marc Barman, Dean Charla. Ban Gordon. Nicola Keys. Mike Green-
lluld, Keith Mitrdor. Hobart Martiniano. David Mlcttaoluon. Malt Nichols, Jlm
O'Eulllvsn, Liz hatch, Elton Sunlnainro, Alan Somkln. Mlka Taubloh. Parry
Tlacillur. Mettn Uiug, Mark wthard, Adam Wltk. Spectrum and Events Editors:
Rant Ginsberg. Ken Darnbaurrl

   

Hedy lroder. Business Mrnlaer

    

 

Billing Accountants . . . . . . . . . . . . ..
Payroll Supervisor .
Ottlce Coordinator --
Clan-Iliad Man-gor..
Composition Manager. .
Advertising Sales: Mark Suaantun. not) Curonu, Rich Gnltttu. stovn Llillml'
man. Dnntollu Knrrnut. Advertising Production Manager: Julio Mark. Advertll-
Ina Production: Amy Altorsohn. Jncktn Donntn, Lnn Erickson. Elalnu Frtnuur.
Lian KDll, Linn Mnlnlnsla. Paton Marcus, Ellytt Muto. Sharon Dkun. cathto
l‘iyllrt. Lynltu Stupnl. Rhonda Woll. Stnvon anurlt

... Llaa Claymnn. llandou Boilnr
. . . . . . . .. . . Guy Forums

. . Susan Moskowuz
. Jonnllnl Bloch

 
 
  
 

 

Holly Fruit, Prorlnclrnn Mllnttgol

Chlel Type-alt" . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ._ . Cnthto Ryan
Plato-up: Donna Aqtilur. Suu Pillxitirtsky. Unit Slohl. Hotlthnl Sanrlnllr Typlsla:
Jllrt Capouoln. Lllncuy lloytnllrl. Vtrritntn Huber. Futlco Klasa. Suu Mrtltuan.
Holly Raw Dllyur: Eric Doll

Photography principally suppllorl try Unlvnlnlly Photo Sorylcn. .1 stuttmll
utnup.

Chlcl Photogrlphar: Sultan Etnlnn Mtntttch. UPS Stall: Arny Cotton
Cotton. Rncltol Lttwtrl. Ed Mnrussich. Lola Mnltnhont. Lisa Sttnmm ,
Snulual. Warrrm Stout. Jim Valnntlno. Frank Wopoltnt

Shorry
.r Ion

    

Entlll content- copyright n' 108:! Albany Student Pru- Corporatton. all
rights reserved.

The Albany Student Prose la publlahnlt Tuesdays and Fridays between
August and Juno by tito Albany Student Prone Corporation. an Independent
not-lor-proltt corporation.

Editorial: are written by the Edllbr In Chief with mumbnra oi the Editorial
Board; policy in cabinet to review by the Editorial Board. Columns are written
by members at tho unlvoraliy community and do not nacaasarlty represent
editorial policy. Advertising policy does not necessarily rollact editorial
policy.

Maltlnu addrosl:
Albany Student Plan. cc 329
two Washington Ave.
Albany. NY i222?

(Ml) “POEM/Jillim

 

 

ti

Congratulations due

To the Editor:

Congratulations are due the ASP for its strong stance on
military advertising. it is encouraging to see the paper stand
by its beliefs despite the great loss of revenue.

The issue of ROTC on this campus seems to me a simpler
one than it tends to become in continued arguments. Here
are the facts: ROTC is on this campus. teaching our
students. Homosexuals are barred from upper level
courses, from commissions and front scholarships on this
carrrprrs, solely on the basis of their sexual preference.

Here are the facts used to dispute tltls claim. First. We
should allow our students the opportunity to participate in
ROTC. whether we agree or not politically. All iltlngs being
cqttal, that tltight well be true. The fact that ROTC is
discriminatory against a percentage of our students. a viola-
tion of our equal access policy (which specifically states
that sexual preference may not be a basis for denial of ac-
cess), means that we must make a choice between rttaking
something available and accepting a discriminatory
organization. Should we make participation ill the Kid Klux
Klan or the Nazi party "available" to our students in spite
of their policies? Of course not. Clearly. the racist/unti-
\Cnlilit.‘ nature of these organizations makes their inclusion
ltcre unpalatable. We sacrifice "availability oi
opportunity" because of a higher morality involved.

Sccond, tllc policy concerning homosexuals in ROTC is
not a campus policy bill a natiortwidc policy, or, similarly.
not at lttilitary policy btlt a congressional one. This does not
prevent this policy froln also being a campus policy. I fall
it) see ltow that rationale changes the hideous nature of the
discrimination. The students remain discriminated against
on our own campus, and the policy remains unacceptable.
A brief illustration: 1 direct the choruses here. Suppose
these choruses also belong to "(‘ltornl (troups ot
America." which happened to have a policy that excluded
blacks. Jews. left-handed people, or your favorite minori-
ty, because “obviously” these sorts of people are tlnfil to
sing in the choral group. Suppose tltc "Choral Groups ol
America" gave each of its chapters ntoltey to dispense in
the form of scholarships. Would this campus accept that l
was offering the chorus courses and handing out scholar-
ships to our students, but cxcludittg blacks. .lcws. and/or
left-handed people? Would this be tolerated even fora mo-
ment? Would anyone consider this fair, or in any way ap-
propriate to tile University's mission'll would hope i would
be druruttted off this campus immediately for such blatant
discrimination, even though the policy of exclusion came

not from this campus but from some outside organization.
which left me no choice but to discriminate. Tire University
still has a choice, to rtol accept me. Would anyone feel our
students were being deprived of the "opportunity" to be in
these choruses, and insist l remain, even though i was
discriminating? Not likely.

Perhaps Congress erred in its decision to exclude
homosexuals front the military. Perhaps, as well. we have
no control over that decision. We still must take control. ill
least, of our own lives, of our own campus. Ottl equal ac»
ccss policy makes a strong statement that we believe ilt
something, that no one may be discriminated against for
reasons ltut having to do with tltcir ability to perform
academically. That's a stand we have proudly and justly
takcn. Congress and thc tllilitary may disagree with that.
l.ct thcnt live as they wish. but not orl our campus. llerc,
we live as we believe it is morally just. and cxcludtng any
scglllcnt of ottr student body front classes and scholarships
is simply not acceptable here. Let’s continue ottr strong
ntoral stand and send that message to Rtl'l'C and to (‘on-
gross.

— David .lunowcr
Departure/rt of Music

Don’t walk alone

to the Editor:

Woman's safety has been llll important issue on Campus
this semester. This has been highlighted by tit. Woman's
Safety Awttrcttcxs Days held on September In It). llut even
with this nwnrcncss there must be an ever l.’r\ttltr' cortch u for
women's safety on campus. Ultfotlttn tlt'it. concern isn‘t
enough. The time for action is ltcle.

ln tltc pnst. tltc public safety tit‘Pltlllllt‘lll plotirlcrl till
escort service for “much. Due to various lcnsolts, this set»
vicc was not successful. Starting this month. :t new program
will begin ctttitlcd "Don't Walk Alone." “inch is modeled
nl’tcr tltc successful scrvit" at SUNY at Buffalo. this ser-
vice will be highly visible nttd accessible to women. Sincc
this is just a pilot program, it will be litttitcd in si/c. them
will be two stations: oltc nt Dutch Quad and one :u the
library. [Escort teams will consist of either two women or a
man altd a woman.

The key to the .' "ass of this program lies within the
number of volunteers it attracts. Thcrc will bc an interest
meeting this Thursday, October 13th. at 7:30 ilt lecture
cclttcr 6. Melt and wornclt are llcedcd to volunteer.

We cart all help provide for the safety of womelt on catn-
pus. With cvcryonc's cooperation, we can make this a safer
place for all.

.r
,.

 

— Dan Altman
— Maggie Auer
—— Karen Roach
— Scott Rubinstein

N... “h-

 

