r

» w...-.m‘ an“ a.»

.  o.— ....._._"..,_,‘g_

.‘ .rwoewc.«ac.

  

  

 

 

  

\

 

~ ‘ 96-7ALMNY STUDEIV-rimis’ssfoyoacaMBER 2.1983 ' 

'Be‘rerlp‘ra‘isesu

r

 

" By Jane Anderson
EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

 

Labor unions have provided support networks for
women workers "in the hOstile political and economic en~
vironment" of South Africa in‘recent historyraccording to

.lris Berger. director of Women’s Studies.

Berger 'spoke'for an hour at a lecture Wednesday after— v

noon entitled “Women' in South Africa: A Historical
Perspective." in the Humanities coffee lounge. She focused
on the labor unions from the industrial revolution to the
present. r

Those who'attended heard statements obtained from the
women themselves. as well as blekground South African
information and historical perspectives on the topic. which
included South African women of all races.

“The union and the workplace began to provide a sup-
port network" and friendship for the women involved. said
Berger. The unions sponsored such activities as May Day
picnics. celebrations. dances and outings, she explained.

Berger began the lecture with some background statistics
on South Africa and its people. She reported that the
population of the South African countries is made up of
“70 percent black, 20 percent while. and 10 percent colored

. people, and the black population owns, only 13 percent of

the land." .
She asserted that the government was sponsoring a
“deliberate effort to push black peasants off the land,"

‘ and that this was “forced proletarianization" on the part

of the government.

The dominating principle of the South African in-
dustries. according to Berger, is obtaining the cheapest
a or.

The labor force in South Africa becomes segmented,
noted Berger, in "every way it can be divided.”

Women began to be involved in industry and trade dur-
ing World War I. said Berger. “There were reports of
women toiling in conditions reminiscent of American
sweatshops" including things like long hours and low pay.
she added. .

By the late 19205. there were few women involved in in-
dustry. she noted. “Women came to the cities to work dur-
ing the late 1920s” when they were no longer needed on
the farms. and their numbers then began to grow. she ex-
plained. '

“There was a paternalistic-ﬂavor in trade unions during
this time." said Berger. She recounted stories of trade
union leaders approaching the fathers of female workers to

LG!

All shows 7:30 - 10:00p.m

Cost: $1.50 W/ Tax
$2.00 W/out

 

m to tell their daughters to join the unions.
afﬁliatiggenerally very difficult for these girls.“ stress-
ed Berger. “A slogan in a factory told them to Work like
hell and still be merry'. it doesn't sound like they were par-
ticularly merry." she observed. ‘

According to Berger, the South African government set

up a wages commission which stated that it was "perfectly ~
- alright for womcn to be earning lower wages than men.

f “A slogan in a factory
told them to ‘work like
hell and still be merry’ ”

—lris Berger

 

She added that the commission had said. “ ‘if women
were paid ‘more they wouldn't want to get married.’ They
were very interested in keeping women underpaid."

From the late 19305 onwards, there were “several pro-
cesses of change occuring," she said. “The government
began to separate the races, and the occupation of factory
workers was no longer very appealing.“ to white women.
elaborated Berger.

nion support of Africanwomen

RACHEL LlTWlN UPS
Women’s Studies Director Iris Berger

 

The male heads of the unions “spearheaded a
to introduce women to trade unions." she said. These
unions did appeal to women workers, according to Berger.

Women in South Africa at this time had great difficulty
in dealing with the conﬂicting pressures that dealt with
racism. stated Berger. She said that while the union leaders
were calling for non-racism. their families were calling for
apartheid. “They sometimes behaved in ways which con-
tradicted." she added. '

1n the 19405 and through the 19505, there was “huge
passive resistance to apartheid legislation" among factory
workers. said Berger.

The careers of the union leaders ended in the early
I96th continued Berger. due to the South African govern-
ment's ban on political activity.

Women workers in South Africa today have “little timé
off for child bearing and child raising. Theirchildrcn are
taken care of by someone else.” usually an older female
family member, noted Berger.

“They are very involved in strike activity," she said.

‘ g 'This weekend at
“llnlversltycinemas” '

‘ GI 1'
. . Frederico Fellini ’sn
“WARGAI‘IES”
It’s not just a game,
it’s for real

   

Conﬂicting pressures troubled the women.

There are "constant wildcat strikes. The women arc rcn
rudely treated by supervisors." she added. '
Berger declared, “the women of South Africa haven
strong sense of their strength and their involvement in the
double burden of work and family life. All ol‘ the women
there said that the women hold the families together.“

Bcrgcr visited South Africa last summer to conduct an in-
formal study and survey of the women in South Africa.

The hour-long lecture was the last in this semester's
Research on Womcns Colloquium, which is sponsored
jointly by the Women’s Studies Program and thc Ulli\t‘fti|)‘
Seminar Program. The Research on Women Colloquium it
currently in its third year.

Thirteen people attended the talk. This amount oipcoplt
was “a little low," according to Judy Hudson. an
organizer of the program and a worker at the Library. This
could be due to “the busy time in the semester," she

said. 

‘8 m» 5.

 

S.A. Funded

 

 

For Kim, teaching American ,hiStory is  calling

By Caryn Mlslte

Sung Bok Kim might have led an affluent
life commanding his family’s business. but he
opted. instead. to turn his future to history.

Kim, chairman of the history department
at SUNYA. is an accomplished author and

 

teacher. He is a singular case because he is the

only Korean to ever have gotten a Ph.D. in

,American history. His charismatic lectures

earned him both the _
presidential award and 
chancellor's award for ex- I
cellence in teaching in 1983. PfOflle

Kim was the eldest son of
a wealthy Korean, family. “My childhood
was pampered and l was blessed with all the
goodies and amenities of a well-to-do
family." recalls Kim. Kim came from an
atypical Korean family. All the children were
college educated and Kim himself went to
Seoul National UniVersity to study history.

Because of his interest in history Kim gave
up the family business. which was legally his
under Korean law. Kim's father claimed that
this would doom him to poverty. Bttt Kim
said, “1 have always been intellectually in-
clincd and committed to a life ofgcntlcmanly
scholarship. To me my fortune was im-
material as compared to my desire to pursue
my learning in history.”

in 1960, Kim cmniigratcd to the United
States to study American history. “1 was not
the typical immigrant who comes to thc U.S.
because he is hungry or wants a better life."
said Kim. At this time Korea was trying to
build its foundations as a unified nation.
When Kim first came to this country he had
no intention of staying in the U.S. pcr-
mancntly. Kim commented, "l was a
politically-minded youth who came to study
early American history as a model and in-
spiration for my own country." He planned
to return to Korea as a politician, helping to
rebuild his country by utilizing the informa-
tion he had gained from early American
history.

Kim obtained his master’s from the
University of Wisconsin and his Ph.D. from

I I

Michigan State. As time went on, Kim
became less political because he said he
realized that a Korean individual could do lit-
tie to actually organize Korea with the super-
powers externally inﬂuencing the country.
Another reason Kim remained in the U.S.
was because it was most beneﬁcial to pursu-
ing his interest in American history. in addi-
tion, Kim said. “After 16 years in this coun-
try 1 began to identify more with this country
than with Korea. My marriage to an
American woman also inﬂuenced my deci-
sion to stay in the U.S."

His crazy passion for American history
served as a vehicle for Kim's Americaniza-
tion. Kim applied for citizenship in 1976.
after spending 16 years in the U.S. “This
conversion is an emotional process in which
you almost form a new identity. Citizenship
is not applied for merely because you like the
country. it's a big adjustment." remarked
Kim.

The first 16 years were filled with tensions.
anxieties and frustrations for Kim. “Every
inch of the way was a struggle. 1 had to work,
very hard and nothing came easy," Kim said.
However, Kim remarked that this country
has been very kind and hospitable. “i doubt
that the Korean people would be so open-
mindcd to a minority member within their
society." he said. -

Kim first taught at American Interna-
tional. a liberal arts college in Springfield.
Massachusetts. for four years. He then
taught for three years at William and Mary
and for two years at the University of lllinois.
He came to SUNYA in 1973 and said he has
seen a great deal of change in SUNYA in the
past ten years. “Although there ltas bcqn
great budgetary reductions, the professors.
administrators and students have all improv-
cd. Scarcity has forced the quality of
SUNYA‘s education to go up." said Kim.

Kim teaches American colonial history.
American revolution and American history
survey to both graduates and
undergraduate; He has won numerous
teaching awards. perhaps because he is get-
ting paid for something he loves to do. “By

 

.DECEMBER 2.1933 in "ALMNirsrqoaM'eness-7 ~ '

 

RACHEL LlYWlN UPS

 

History Department Chairperson Sung Bok Kim

"By and large I enjoy leaching and take this as...a serious responsibility. ”

and large i enjoy teaching and take this as a
serious responsibility. I'm not there because 1
have to be but because i want to be." Kim
said.

in 1960, he translated the Federalist Papers
from English to Korean. His second book.
Landlord and Tenant in Colonial New York,
was published in 1978 and has won several
prizes. in 1979. it won an award from the
Society of Colonial Wars. .

Kim looks upon teaching as a calling. Pro-

. fessors, he said. transmit their learning to a

new generation of students who will hopeful-
ly improve upon it and pass it to the next
generation. “History is not inconsequential
or immaterial as many people think. it is im-
possible to understand the present without
knowing about the past. There are no ac-

cidents in history — only reasOns.” he said:

Kim's patriotism is quite evident. He says
that the U.S. is the most free country in the
history of the Western World.'“Wc must rc-
mind ourselves it is wonderful despite all its
problems because there is no place like this in
the world." he commented. As a historian
Kim said he realizes that nothing is perma-
nent. However. he feels it is important to
keep the American Constitution vital and not
take our civil liberties for granted. ’

Kim is married and has a daughter and
twin sons. His passing interests have been
fishing. classical music and baseball. Him
main hobby at present is antique collecting.
“Everyone needs hobbies because they pro-
vide distractions from the everyday pressures
oflife." hesaid. V  I“ ‘ [J

.a--

Karpatkin outlines Socialist Party goals for ’84

 

By Christine Reffelt
STAFF WRITER

 

A total reorganization of the social order
in America is the main goal of the political
left in 1984, according to Jeremy Karpatkin.
the Democratic Socialists of America’s
(DSA) National Youth Organizer. ,7

Karpatkin spoke at SUNYA Tuesday.'on
the topic “The Left and the 1984 Elections"
to a small crowd of students.

In addition to reorganization. the Socialist
party's goals include a wide ranging attempt
to bring new voters into the spectrum, since
too many Americans don't vote. noted Karv

News Updates

SA appeals lawsuit

Student Association is appealing a
lawsuit in which they charged the City of
Albany with gerrymandering and with
changing a voting district‘s boundaries after
the legal date to do so. SA lost the suit on
October 21.

Rich Schaffcr. SA President, said that
SA attorney Mark Mishlcr filed a “notice
of appeal” on Monday. Nov. 28 in New
York State Court of Appeals. The case ‘
should be heard sometime after January 1.
1984. he said.

The appeal names the Albany County
Board of Elections. the City of Albany
Common Council. and Albany City Mayor
Thomas Whulcn III as defendants.

Task Force continues

The Alcohol Policy Task Force has not
met the Dec. 1 deadline the committee set
for itself in creating a new alcohol policy
for the SUNYA campuses.

Dean of Student Affairs Ncil Brown.

 

patkin. The Socialists then must start cam-
paigning in the Democratic party in a broad
sense, because. “it is impossible to start a
third party seriously." said Karpatkin.
“Americans vote for a thrid party candidate
as a joke. a luxury." he added.

A massive reform movement is needed in
the American economy, stated Karpatkin.
The new socialists are poncerned with the
'minoritics — feminists. blacks. hispanics —-

-_.and are working toward equality of oppor-
tunity in America, according to Karpatkin.

Once the public is educated, he added,
people will realize that the Democratic Left
would fight for the people. Re-

industrialization is vital. stated Karpatkin.
since corporate decision makers are now
maximizing their private profits and subse~
quently destroying individual jobs and com-
munities. These are the unworkable politics
of Reagan. stated Karpatkin. who added that
“the best concept of social justice now is to
do away with Ronald Reagan."

instead. there must be a candidate who will
take the rich Americans off of welfare.
restore the social programs that have been
cut, and aid minoritieswho are now directly
threatened by the economic cutbacks impos-
ed by Reagan. he added.

Presently there are not any candidates

 

who serves as chair of the task force ex-
plained that the committee was not actually
late because Student Affairs Vice President
Frank Pogue had'charged the committee
only with having the policy finished by the
end of the fall 1983 semester.

Student Association Vice President Jeff
Schneider. a member of the task force, said
several details had required more time than
anticipated to work through. but that the
policy would be ready within a few weeks.

There is no word as to what issues
specifically are being addressed by the task
force. At the first meeting at the beginning
of the semester all members of the commit-
tee decided to close the meetings to the
public. and not issue any public statements.

Grad union possible

A union for graduate student employees
of SUNY has not yet been ofﬁcially
recognized by New York State because a
review must still'be made by the state Public
Employees Relations Board (PERB) and
then the entire graduate student population
must vote on the issue.

According to Bill Biaso, Statewide
Secretary for the Graduate Student
Employees Union. almost 40 percent of the
graduate students at SUNYA signed “cards
of intent" saying they would join a union.
in order for PERB to consider a union re-
quest at least 30 percent must show interest.

Biaso said the organization would repre-
sent graduate students at SUNY’s four
University centers: Albany. Binghamton.
Buffalo. and Stony Brook. He also said af-
filiation talks with larger public employe
unions were under way. '

Directory still absent

The 1983-84 University Directory has not
been distributed yet. despite an expected.
Nov. 22 delivery date.

The Nov. 22 date was still two and a half
weeks behind schedule, which Vice Presi-
dent for University Affairs Sorrell Chesin.
the chair of the Student Directory Commit-
tee. attributed to a variety of factors.

When reached at his house early Thurs
day evening Chesin would not comment on
the further delay nor speculate when the
directory would be ready. '

 

 

entered in the 1984 elections who have taken
a strong enough stand on these liberal issues.
said Karpatkin. Jesse Jackson is “the only
exciting contender in the l984-elections."
said Karpatkin. “because he will be leading
new voters like blacks and hispanics into the
spectrum."

Mondale. on the the other hand, while pro-
fessing to implement programs to deal with
the poor, “has not taken a strong enough
stand on the issue due to corporate backing."
Karpatkin asserted. With Reagan. “the cor-
porations and the rich win. and everyone else
loses. he added.

The DSA then, has not backed any
political candidate. instead. said Karpatkin,
"we will continue to change the thought of
the majority of Americans. it is possible to
eventually make people more aware through
political activities. More Americans will join
the party once they realize that victories can
be won and things can be done to change the
injustice in politics today.“ he added.

However. such a change would take a long
time Karpatkin acknowledged. “But.” he
added. “we are committed to tell Americans
that we are right. and will fight for however
long it takes to convince people. Decisions in
the economy must be public. not private in
order for justice to occur." he maintained.
“We must then expand democracy and do
away with capitalism in order to achieve
this.” he added. .

Student members are needcd in Albany,
said Karpatkin. However. only 15 students
were present at the DSA meeting. a ﬁgure
that seems to show apathy. according to
senior John Baum. "There is a lot to be
said." he explained. “but it was not well
publicized. The poor turn-out stems ftom
students who are afraid to be labeled
socialists," he added.

Bruce Miroff. a professor in the Political
Science Department, said that it is hard to

organize a party due to the apathy on cam-
pus. “The meeting is a good beginning"
Miroff said. “and with more awareness more
23>

w— 4. “than...

    

«M.

W V...

 

   
 

azure. .mr'ﬁm—qu

.A. L, .m...«.._.._..‘._. «g... M

  
 
 
   
 
   
  
   
    
 
   
   
   
  
  
  
  
      
  
  
      
  
    
   
   
    
      
   
       
      
    
  
  
     
  
       
  
   
   
 

/

sr§

 
       
     

  

    
       
       
       
       

