    

i.
\‘.
i

i.
l:
l

l

j.
i...
I.

. ﬂaamaw.

e
l
E.
i

A

S

P

E

C

T

5 Baby. you ain't no saint

F 'Cause there ain't no iri-between

E Either you come or you can't

B e Time

2

5 iven the hate that exists between
people on a planet of this size one

1 would have to guess that

9 somewhere there Is indeed a real evil to

3 fight against. But there is little hope that we

3, :nerciai lhate no.

. gumi that ‘vc'c pay my rent. tum . and
1 FZidJk n'ght dli'ilxillg sprees tor

' an :u’m hclnuzig

would see it for what it was. l'm sure so-
meone would support the devil himself
given the right set of circumstances. When
we are younger. we are asked what we
would like to be when we grow older.
Everyone manages either to not hear or
not want to hear the part about a job gram
ting us the basrs of our sumval All the talk
of success pushes us into false understan-

ing

Huberthermeth Dickey

 

 
   
  

.ntpcrta
‘ cums: rites :"at .u;
these new 3
the \wr‘si :a :
’ata cr’ - i
:‘e ‘ee-s
are my. i .

:r .s dill‘u!‘ .'ii‘i_t i: ~rt'rairi:irs ’hat inn ‘ as

    

   
   
  

  

.‘fof‘ll‘

 

. ge
wan-tr mil to: rgain

 

 

s l‘ 'itaiit'. ii'i.ir I
Jlii.‘ erue .'ur ‘eac: n
":i:.x Ant. Wall. .I‘L. - _
happy if the"; are a...
To cling or to m“
the question Wire“ w,
dead with aiie's lll‘
one's ignorance and
does not really matter :r‘ *r
all those foolish enough .
with the flow Change brought lC‘JLl 
birth and it mil most likeb. tor are as: ria~
:urtty of us k:ll us

 

   

“e do whatsoever we Irke :1: .l‘ ~:r s:
we supposei but do we think- reaik. are
we doing it. or is our rtiut'rier doing t
through us or perhaps it is our father icing
it through us’ Dead men. dead :arenrs.

Battlin

0 you feel cld’ i do .-\t rcughly
3i years and 7 months :vttc mi,
ifetitne l’rr‘. already feeling pretty
well washed up in the scheme of things i
know my little :riner \OICE keeps saur‘g
"Hey. Aleunder the Great was practicaib.
an old man by no“. wu'xe get your whole
life ahead at you” Yeah. i kins-s». :t's 5::il
ahead of me. and that's the problem

Everywhere uuu ‘ook, something :
snszety keeps yelling "Acl‘ii‘.€'u L;ke Yt‘L
report card. like the clothes 1 want to «earl
can": afford - so 1 Sit :n front at' the T‘.’ and
take .11 the tear in my :earis for another go
round And who comes on t' ' :u'N '
Brooke Shields. t" 'hat "l Late N\
f

   

 

 

CDIY‘.‘
‘g :gamst Brooke per
serially, but there she 1s m the middle of
my TV {teen :n a white diamond ’ ided

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

Lisarme Sokolowski

    

.s ."-Jr calves». re. i. 3110!:

'flJulx'k, .iacx’ :

 

Ncause 3r: cke's 1. it H3.) exert i
worse knowing h rr t‘rst Vogue {ULX‘T was at
in At lp l wa ‘t a. sophcriic‘re in a luck
ghgh  ‘ scrawg :r‘c race msu'w‘rti't .
break out aritntore M-tm kept sit
me that l was wry iuckv to he mm
to college and getting a degree
would help me get a gob. trial-wi me a tv :er
woman. Nah. blah blah. blah

 
 

 

 

g out
that :t

societies. old generations gone long ago
are still functioning within us. They have
created such conditionings that we go on
fulfilling thern-~ and they were fulfilling their
dead fathers and mothers. and we are
fulfilling our dead fathers and mothers. and
no one is fulfilled. Always
observe when you do something. whether
your father is doing it through you or you
are doing it. When you get angry. is it your
anger or is it the way your father used to be
angry? You are just imitating. l have seen
patterns going on. being repeated. i you
marry. your marriage is going to be just ap~
proximately the same as your father's and
your mother's You ivill act like your
father. your Wth Lhill act like her mother or
“CE LQTSd

 

ding of w hat our lites should be spent do- _

 
 
   
  
 
  
   

toﬂng the opportunity of a lifetime when

ewrytrme l turn atund there's some new

teenager making a thrwrfigure salary and
, ,

 

l
i
l
Well. how come i don't feel like l'rrt en- E

“her you get angry observe are you
:t-ere :r s someone else’ l-Vhen you love.
remember are wu there or as someone
else' When i.’ speak something.
rememcer are '.v:u speaking -:r 5 your
’eacber' “be” .-*u make a gesture.
'er'w'cer s i .i:i_rs :r s supreme else
.r‘mar 1am."

: lil 'aisities
"1 .i 'tt“£ tecause :il .cur fa
~iil :rzi: nu: 't‘e 'aai ~‘ll ‘akc
ii‘i: isser‘. {Nil
.r i gar: Mic-u. ‘i:r ~f‘at tern
rrriit: ir'c 1‘2!“ :eccr‘e

 

 

 

  

   

There ~'i'

 

 

. .v 'acs .viil
.m. 't'r'mgt‘ "mt 'izai ‘aca .‘Jl' .':i. av

       

:betitnn‘
to :‘J : iberituni
it 1 remix:

:9

 

a rncnartgrng :nat we :an
.c . '“J'TTCEY ‘n‘; ocmt nuthmg that
ué :at‘ st‘cu. s incnaiiging Nothingzs un-
znarging except the knower But that is
. . centric ‘.t always "knows" it is real‘
y water '«mmr‘. it can never become the
meet. i s aiwacs the subject \k'haisoewr
.cu .‘c ‘r knew, t is always behind You
carniirt knew i “hen l say that you can»
'ii:t knew i '1 meat: u cannot know it as
an :b'ec: i an 'cck at gou. but how can i

  

 

 

Wild And Loose

 

Brooke

meeting Mick Jager at Studio frl ’ ls it just
:ne’ Am i the Only om.r who keeps rioticnig
more putvscent propaganda? During the
sawnties the errrphasis was on the “rung.
rtch, and twauntul. sure. but at least
‘goung" riieartz thirty I've still got ten years
to try and strive towards that dream. But

j .

 

.u....... we . . ...... . ... .. _

look at myself in the same way? it Is im-
possible because to be In a relationship i
knowledge two things are needed»- the
kriower and the known.

50 when i look at you. you are the
known and I am the kiiowcr. and the
knowledge can exist as a bridge. But where
to make the bridgcI when i look at myself.
when I am trying to know myself? There
am I. alone-- totally alone. The other side
cf the equation is missing. so where to
create the bridge? Self-
;u.~.!edgu is a negative process. You cari-
-- ;: know yourself directly; you can simply

"‘i eliminating objects of knowledge.
on eliminating the objects of
A. -:'.~!edge When there is no object of
krimledge. when you cannot know
lithll'iirig. when there is nothing but the
..icuum the emptiness then a moment
somes when consciousness is. but there is
-~ bug to be conscrous of. knowing is. but
_..ere :5 nothing to know

 

  
 

 

 

 

in that state when there is nothing to be
known. it is said that you know yourself in
a certain sense But that knowledge is total-
ly different from all other knowledge. it is
misleading to use the same word for botli.
There have been mystics who have said
that self-knowledge is contradictory: the
very term is contradictory. Knowledge is
always of the other; self-knowledge is not
possible. But when the other is not.
something happens. You may call it "self-

hou. do you go about feeling adequate
“hen the opportunity has passed by" Must
oi NYCs makeup models are less than 1:)
i get flattered if someone proofs litr.‘ Ii“
bat' l can't even tt\.‘ to look iii The grbup
Alumni Youth {Stusl that - at their age they
can play rings around my E~2 play rendt~
M

  
   

knowledge". but the word Is llilSlUrltlilin

So whatever you know is ilmngu
Everywhere. even these walls. rili‘ tiill-
stantly changing. Now pllyslls siippuiis
this. Even the wall which lupin a. it.»
tioriary. non-changing is changing ~".i’ly
moment. A great flux is on iiwri. rilliiil is
moving. every electrun l\ lliii‘.=llij
Everything is moving fiisl. rllill ll‘tr‘ mun»
merit is so fast that you L'rttliliil ii. ll‘il ii
That is why the wall looks 50 pcrnm .i-ii |..
the morning it was like this. ili llii’ dllt'l
noun it was like that. in the ctr-nun il this
like this. yesterday it was lilti’ tin» .iiiil
tomorrow it will be like this Yuii .i w i- .it il
as if it is the satire. but it is not

Wherever you go the Cllrililll‘ ll l‘L'
there. All escape is lUlilL‘. sir \l'ilil in. In
escape. Don't cling. Liw llii’ \llilli‘li‘ iii'
the change. Don't create any aliilll‘ili‘ with
it. Move with it. The river is tiny. ‘ i 'mli
flow with it. Don't even suiin .i. ~. llu‘
river to take you. Don't fight mil. 1 .iun'i
waste your energy by lighting Hill
relax.

liiwl

What will happen? if ytiii i'illl lli' 2r xniii
a river wltiiout any conflict. uiiiiwii any
direction of your own. if the li'.i'i'\ l:i..>-
iluii is your direction. suddunli. unit ‘.\ill

become aware that you are nnt llir‘ li‘.r’l
There are two types of people tine llldl
will cling to the world of change .linl illli‘

that will try to escape. Tu cling to r in it re .>

 

 

futile and to try to escape it Alsu ftii Iii

IlOli of Baby Elephant li'nlk At our ii. him
of the dial or flip ill a page i we ii iii. w
who not only has lame but l'iilillli‘
while l'rii pushing plates in a lL’alJ’tiln'i

The Go‘Gu's are my age, mini“
an bl month crash course ill  w
lessons . ?or I can jliSl use the Univ int ‘iil
ly graduate and catch the ‘i‘i'izri mi!
Dream" like mom said i could linli. iiw iii
was raised to believe it took a lung '.-:w in
make it - the classic German-mini ‘
work-uthromudus operandi. .“g'L/
you know what's twist iJl (ill1 1 .
agreed with it I felt proud in) be g-
urirt-crsity. to have a part time i .
this rCCeSsrori. to have my Uthll
apartment with bed. desk aim: l‘
ought to be allow ed in go or. ice.
an .icconiplisliriietit. cwcpi
teenagers \\‘l\U make ithd in .i 'r: ‘
i do in a year

i dtiii'i hold their arm
against them 1 only ‘.\ sii

 

 

 
 
 

  
 
 
 

 

  
  
    
 
  
 
 

wouldn't put so iittrch smith.» ~i
makes me tecl like apn'ic
not making tit..- grade luf

prime .iitr tun tlccas. "
5v ticprt. 'ig Mat-Ni
it» make rite tccl better rlt
little lititplatc. «it inst gr) 3‘ It

Hey you k'i.‘.x ‘ l". u got A
nice home triatit‘ .itgha ‘
the pillmt‘s t‘h‘tt" \‘Ofl'.
t\\\_._k‘l tasted ptr‘llk gout lt‘.
craiiirtied. trim
apartment is pretty okay .t s .
ill but Brooke's net or gorir‘
ingrown critic: Maybe us
be rust another college stude".
Besides. l'ni too old to let it :‘i  
right ‘

   

   

 

  

 

 

 

 

   

 

   

crowd of rain-soaked people
clamored out of breath to get on
the ‘A' train at Columbus Circle.
Customers left Macy's In droves and the
spring-hinged doors in the store allowed a
breeze to find its way to the men's depart
ment. Under the Chrysler Building r'l man
feasted on duck while his wife defecatch in
the Ladies' room. Things were seeking a
balance in New York. On W. Mili street.
prc-fab souvlaki burned on red charcoal
bricks and warn wrapped in buns made of
bleached white dough. Tnuey sang it song
and danced for free at Union Square and
no one even noticed.

Bob O’Brian

At tie same point tin :lllli. I regard
Rockfellcr Ceiiiur liliCL‘ more. it's iitit an
Ottoman sliriiie at all. more like .i Criiiibo-
(lliiii win or sortietliiiig llilliIClllllL'SL‘ with a
spiralling cuni ' rlt‘iiii. Aiiiitlier secret
srrciety witli secret jargon and set’riil riliirils
with r'i iiiitlttiwn edifice as its iiimiuiiieiil.
What is New York? Sui lu's gt-iitiifietl
warehouses? 'l‘liu pliHnL’lliiLlL’ riii Ceiilral
Park West? Windows on this World? Aerial
photography allows us now to view New
York at such a height Iliat the World Trade
Center and L‘Ullipr‘llrlhly iiwi-sniiie
skyscrapers built like criluniiis jutting writ of
the glube's rriiiiitlness TlitI buildings iireri't
"straight" at illl. tliuy curve wiili an earth
lliitl i5 cuiisiiiiilly riiirvitig. Ciiiisiaiiily
irititlvrilcd. always revolving. lliL' L'ill'lll'S iii-
lcniions will bring down the Empire State
Building. the lixxun building. and all of the
tloii‘ilriti fortresses acriiss from Radio City.
The Gulf Western. the Plaza Hotel. as well
as the Brooklyn brtiwristrriies will have to
kiss the grtrund ll‘Ulil where their concrete.
brick. and metal girders came. Wbtit about
the. people? The New Yorkers? What of
them? They will work and love and know,
and not know and the same intention will
bring them back to the earth again. Their
muscle and sinew will seek its level as it
becomes decrepit and useless and all will
be resolved as the subtle iiitiveiiicnt til the
Quill] intends. Tiriii.l will act on the buildings
and the people til New York. All lliat is left
will be mytlis. songs. ideas. rind laments.
All that is left is history. All that is left is

 

 

 

 

time.

i don't believe the people of New York
want war. I don't believe that the people of
the world want war. yet Americans speak
boldly about defense exigencies. missile
gaps. the necessity of it all. We've never
known war. Americans don't know from
war. A nuclear holocaust could annihilate
the human race. But what if It doesn't?
What If we are merely plunged into a Dark
Age? Will the historians call us a barbarbic
people? Will propogaiidists allude to the
19805 to beef up their own wrir iriaclilries
in the twcnly-first century? Will all the
aspirations epithets. anti liivective Ul today
be viewed with such clarity» given the twin
benefits of relrnspcct and liindsiglit~- that a

 

 

New York Before The War: The Work

’some kind of combination. killing-mating
ritual to purge the oversoul of its im-
purities? is it necessary? Can war be
'averied through political means? is it a
matter of consciousness? This is
metaphysics. Aerial photographs illustrate
our dilemma from on high. yet the poel5_
always viewed things from on lilgli. in a
society where saints are no longer revered.
the poets. musicians. and the painters have
been canonized. But the poets have
become as jaded as the saints. Solipslsm
pervades their work. Solipsism is eroding
their itiiergity. leaving empty. callow drivel.
Self-indulgent excursions Into the nether
regions of myopic minds. One night. i was
driving down Seventh Avenue near

 

ls war some kind of combination, killing-mating ritual
to purge the oversoul of its Impurities? Is it
necessary? Can war be averted through political
means? Is it a matter of consciousness? This is
metaphysics.

 

certain fUUl geist could be said l” have
enveloped us? We speak and hear iii the
horror nf w.ir.’”l‘|iu inhumanity. What
.ibrrul wru's afterriiiiili? Will whatever re-
mains of nut” govei'niiiunt be able to send
the veterans in SClli)Ul'.' Will lliL’ repulriutlun
(ll prisoners lake place once more? Will the
Russians gruw fill ()li their Middle Eastern
britity and beat the "capitalists" at their own
grime by buying up the world with low-
interest loans? Will the Cliiriese-- ostensible
lusersv build .i computer dynasty from the
ashes? Will Argentina be duped iiitti doing
the bidding for the secret societies who
make war? Will South Africa be run over by
the blacks? Will the empires that sprung ()ul
of the last war come crumbling down with
the next? And there'll be babies. Black
babies. white babies. Polynesian babies.
Arab. Jewish. happy and sad babies. What
about them?

is that foul gelsi I referred ll) earlier
something we should submit tr)? is war

 

 

 

 

Blues

Close to my face

night

You embark on
beneath the big sky

the flight

Response

Huge haunting eyes

In the dark like an owl

Perceiving the scope of the sight

The sure shifting soar and the drift
Wresti’ng the gigantic plains of the
With a motionless rising of strength

I A quick shouldered thrust
the wide wind

Feeding and freeing yourself through

 

N. Jaye Shore

Madison Square Garden. A Villi l'liilL’lt
criiicert liatl lilSl lut riirt Dilllllll‘ClilLl buys
and girls with SlL‘itlll-Cllill’tl liaii were walk-
ing (IUDSS the Avenue in droves. There. (ill
the left. was a line (ll kids extending to each
end of the itilersectimi waiting in get into
McDonald‘s for it prist‘lieavy metal
repnst. That was ill The best example of
stunted consciousness | ltr'ltl ever seen. In
Manhattan. where everything frrnn
Chinese subgum to wienursclinitzel is just a
subway token away. human beings were
waiting. perhaps for half an hour. it) cut at
MacDonald‘s. The iiuninr Hi this anecdote
shouldn't obscure its Iiiipurtaiice. These
people had no vision. No insight. That incl»
dent provided a rrire microcosm of the
WUllLl family as it struggles. connives. and
lies tlirougli everyday life in cut. drink. and
love. And i believe the poets and the
writers who simper and whine with words
have fallen prey to the same irindiiess.
Poetry is nol a vehicle in express iriie's
lneuroses. The piirpiisu tif poetry is to
[create one's own riiutapliysics. A personal
universe that resuunds within and without.

Poetry is also not a fnruiii fur political
gripes. A5 Chris Brauii once said. “There

are lit) anti-Soviet ur' anti-American

poems." We speak of Wliitmriii as an
American poet. Absurd Whitman was a
poet and a citizen of the world. National
poetry is bad poetry and politics will always

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

~i0mum>

lead to nationalism. Always. One thinks of 5
Christ. Was he a Galileean? What were his F
ambitions for Galilee or Jerusalem? Oi
what significance was the political structure B
of Bethlehem to him? Perhaps It Isn't so im-
portant to be a poet or a musician anyway.
Perhaps the object is to be poetry. Be
music. When a pairillng seems to capture
all the charm. danger. and mystery of the
Universe. one becomes the painting. C'cst
ural? Perhaps the world can be saved b5
singing a song everyday.
* it

"New York was a Tory town." Hubert
iaid. "Late eighteenth century. Bostrm had
he intellectuals. Virglriia...tlieyl were just
arrogant. But New York was a Tory town.
i’euple forget that." it is strange. Even
lliL‘ll. New York was both an internal until
city and a local outpost of American
patriotism. New York was itself and
everything uutslde 0f itself. Wiggcd
geiitlerriun sat in Masons' clubs cursing tlie
l’tipists or fruiting about the opium trade
the way we fret about the oil cartels today
Oil is the iipium of our time Our
dependence nii oil is the enemy. iint llK-
“Arabs.” Lawyers. snitllers. itli(l lrlil(lL‘i’l
gentlemen .iscund in the presidency tlllf.
stir tip IJUI' unitiiinns with their lies Thur,
tell us that nil and nuclear power will irei‘
us when they cannot. Only our minds will
rln that Airtl the masons who actually
founded this country with their secret
handshakes and ceremonial robes can still
be fUlllill In New York today. They're riii
Wall Street They're in Graniercy Park On
Central Park South. They write the laws.
They understand the law. They understand
money and rnystlfy the rest of us with their
rilirricatlribrri. Their elected errand buys tell
us that it is a danger in be out a] work.
There is plenty of work to be done. No mic
is out iii runrk They're out of Ideas. All that
reriitiiris is the Work. The survival of the
human race is the Work. Work is Love.
And Love is Work because Love isn't easy.

1 am a percussionist. i hit. bang. and
drum on everything I can; my knees. bus
seats. and sofas. l tap my feet in time with
the earth. l'rii waiting for the war. Nor a
war willi guns. tanks. and airplanes. Not a
war of metal and ideology. but a war of
spirit. The war Arjuna had to light. This is
my Work. I do a roll with my fingers and
witness the fall of Times Square. ldt) (I flam
on the bedspread and Batter Park
capitnlates. l plunder the Tishman Building
at (uni Fifth Avenue with my rendition of
Rhapsody in Blue. 1 paradiddle Madison
Avenue nut of existence arid I accept no
reparations payments. I settle for unCUlidl'
lioiial surrender. Surrender to clarity. To
humor. To (lance. To balance. Uncondi-
ylioniilly. - ' '

{rim

0-...

lain

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

