..‘_\‘.....H‘.A.M 1 H.“ . ,_4. \I..‘~_‘t

ﬂ

4—

L

 

. V. -. summon
- STUDENTS

in order to become a

 ' MAY 1983

 

     

You must file a degree application

Applications may be picked up in the Registrar’s
pit/c9 AD B5. Deadline for applications FEBRUARY
, 1983

 

 

 

‘ Speakers Forum

-Meeting

Wednesday, Feb. 2 at 8:00

in the
Assembly Hall

 

W L PR GRAMS
ﬂ FAIR

{H
I  ll‘lTERESTED In...

I l WORKING ON A Ktaaurz't
GETTING AN INTERNSHIP?

EXPLORING OLD JERUSALEM?

wonkINo IN A DEVELOPMENT rowm

 
  

I 7" LEARN ABOUT SUMMEII. SEMESTER AND YEAR I’IIOGHAMSI
PROGRAM Wll.l. INCLUDE'
VIII it \w lolun mutmu liIIllt'

‘uIII-ul hull/III Imutn-I 4 ’I'l‘.

 

l'Imp.IIII II-jII.-..~ItI.IlI.I-u it .n- tit

int It'll my.“

 

 

   

A
TUES. F58. 8
PLACE: 6‘0 BALLROOM
TIME: 10’00'4-‘00

PL'EAsE glkLL . ﬂocks -" “27027
i 058M: ' ‘
Cl

[1

‘ ..

: TONIGHT IS YOUR
LAST CHANCE
TO CATCH

 
      

V l

 

., at 4
FIVE OUAD FEVER
I Courtesy of Five Quad
Volunteer Ambulance Corp.

,4 \____

    

 

General Interest Meeting
LC. 22
at 7:30 PM

L "@CECQEJEIEEJQECFEP i:

 

k1 I: l
J .0. '-.
l
a ,-
E.

ii Telethon Niglrt“

Le Fat Cat
Wednesday, February .9

at

.9.'00p.m.
Tickets $2. 00 at door

Take a mighvaeek break
DANCE...DANCE...DANCF...

 

 

xx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxmyf‘)‘

‘l

 

‘—

M-

 

‘xxxtux‘xxxxx‘X)(z{
. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

THE

GAY AND LESBIAN

ALLIANCE

WILL HOLD ITS FIRST
MEETING/SOCIAL

TONIGHT
AT

8:10
IN
CC 375

REFRESHMENTS
WILL BE SERVED.

ALL ARE WELCOME.

 

 

 

1F

 

   

W - . v  -..,..........-»m- - » ._.,.
1*" ‘ ‘" '“meowwat—n-MJ m w

 

 

' —— m
irtxxx

xx xxxxxxxx

 

 

 The housing search: some practical gaidelines '

a

 

 

 

By Anthony Sllber

STAFF WRITER

 

First in a series on off-campus housing.

in addition to settling into classes. buying books. and
preparing for midterms, many students have. by choice, ad-
(led the burden of searching for a house off-campus to their
troubles.

In deciding to move off-campus, a student should ﬁrst
and foremost try and asses his/her own needs and desires as
accurately as possible. Among things that should be
thought about are tlte size. location. and amount of money
to be spent on a future home. Are pets permitted? Will you
be close to the busline? if you or your roommates do not
own cars. will you be close to stores and laundromats?
Finally. roommates should be chosen with care; small ir-
ritants now tnay become items of crisis proportions later
on.
With these cottsidcrations dealt with. the first step in the
.odyssey of ntoving off-campus is finding an apartment.
Cltcck out lends front fricttds or associates; they may know

places or be moving themselves. Ill any case. word of
moutlt advice from people whose judgement you trust is the
most productive.

The next. and probably the best. place to look is tltc Off-
(‘ampus Housing Office. Run by the university. ()CllO is
located on the first floor of tltc Campus Center. Since
SUNY students are n ntujor tcttattt murkct. Capitol District
landlords advertise through the office. ()(‘llO publishes a
list of tuajor landlords in the area cvcry March. us apart-
mcnts begin to become available itt large numbers. and
maintains a display of available apartments and people
looking for places throughout the year.

in addition, OCHO publishes a basic guide to housing
which gives helpful hints for finding an apartntcnt as well as
warnings of tltings to watclt out for. It also includes street
maps, sample leases. phone numbers. ttud olltcr informa-
tiott. The gttidc is available at OCHO on request.

According to Kttrlccn Knrlsott. the Assistant Dean of
Students for Off-Campus llousing. who directs OCl-lO.
there is a myth tltat after January 3 lst, no dcccnt housing is
available for the fall. She said that this creates an art-
necessary panic cnch year at this time and could lead
students ittto dubious housing agreements. Karlson ent-
phasi/cd that most landlords do ttot know whether they will
have availabilities for tltc full tttttll March or April. when
student tcnmtts make their decisions. At that point. she
said. landlords indicate uvailttbility to OCHO, which then
publishes its "Landlord List."

OCA helps apartment
hunters and enhances
off-sampus lifestyle.

lly Michelle Brennan

(irccd) landlords. Wt‘tl)‘ apartments. an Albany \ucttncy
rate of only two percent v - all these factors can combine to
spell lIoultlc I'ot' apuItmcnt seeking students. lint. while
they won‘t actually land you an apartment. lllt' ()l‘f-
(‘ilml‘llb I’VWI'iHllUIl it it A) can help clear up many of thc
llttsslcs of mming and litmg off-campus.

()(‘A Director Dianne Podolsky, hired by SA back in
Scptcmbcr. has seen her sttttlctli stall'dwindlc from 2t lot».
()(‘A. like many other :Igcucics. was lutrt uhcn the School
of Social WcII'tuc cut back on tile nutnbcr of students thcy
could accept in their community service program. Podolsky
believes that runny students don't have timc to devote to
OCA if they carry t'ivc classes.

Despitc its site. ()CA's staff has managed to institute a
nutubcr of programs. and is working on sonic new ideas for
this semester. Podolsky's main concern is sttalent/landlord
relations.

“We would like to educate students about propcr hous-
ing." Podolsky said. “’l‘hcrc's only a two percent vacancy
rate in Albany. so landlords are lit a good spot. Students
have n tituc constraint. ’l'hcy'rc looking for apartments dur-
ittg clttsscs and finals. 'l‘hcy'rc under much pressure and
they take whatcvcr they can get. That kittd of thinking can
lead to a casual altitude."

Podolsky believes that because lltcre are so few apart-
ments available. students are reluctant to report landlords
who are ill violation of the “anti-grouper" law, which
states tltut no tnorc than three unrelated persons may oc-
cupy the same dwelling. ‘

“l‘m not sure that repealing the “anti-grouper" law is
the solution to the problem." Podolsky said. “it‘s not very
strongly enforced. anyway. My message to students is to
look for those code violations. and look for apartments
curly. As long as students are willittg to live in substandard
housing. landlords are willing to rcttt them."

Podolsky said that landlords often convert livittgrooms
ittto extra bedrooms to rent. causing crowded and hazar-
dous living conditions.

"if a whole wave of students make complaints. condi-
.tlons would probably improve. Landlords will watch what
they're doing if the law is looking at them. because tltcy
stand to lose money." ’

Presently. Podolsky has no suggestions for alternate stu-
dent housing if tltc “anti—grouper“ law is strictly enforced.

To make students aware of the conditions that do exist.
OCA has started kccpittg a review log. it has the names and
addresses of apartments and landlords. and a summary of

 

t

Karlson advised that students should use the time bet-
ween now and March to search carefully for an apartment.
to read the small print. to think. and to seek advice from
OCHO.

Another source of off-campus housing information are
classiﬁed ads in newspapers. For the Albany area. check
the ASP, the Albany Times-Union, and The Knickerbocker
News. if you're interested in places a little farther away.
check the Schenectady Gazette, the Troy Times-Recard,.
and the smaller local papers. Among all these sources. the
prospective off-campus resident should get a good idea of
what is available. locations. and prices.

One important consideration not available at either
OCHO or in the papers is apartment quality. Here. the stu-
dent's information and observation are important. Also.
the SA-funded Off-Campus Association. OCA. can be
helpful. OCA. located in the SA ofﬁce. maintains a record
of contpinittts against landlords and publisltcs a Survival
Guide to Living Off-Campus. and a Housing Conditions
Checklist. in addition. OCA represents off-campuc
students to various civic and community organizations and
is planning a social program for off-campus students.

OCA‘s housing conditions checklist helps ensure that the
prospective tcnant did not forget nttytltittg or overlook
what at the tintc may be a tttittor disadvantage. Following is
a list of things to be aware of when investigating prospec-
tive apartments:

l) Docs tltc lcasc protect your tenancy uttdcr all condi~
tions‘?

2) If someth other than the owner shows you tltc apart-
mcnt. find out who the owttcr is.

3) iistnblislt if tltc rent covers tiny or all tltc utilities. if it
does ttot. ittquirc as to the provisions for obtaining utilities.

4) Whatever agreements you make regarding your tcnnn-
cy. Get It III Writing! This includes the terms of the lease.
changes in thc lcasc. special permission. . . . anything.

_“ 'kr‘ku

wa~v-.....-...—_.m~--.w.... ~~n-ww~ ~

FEBRUAR Y i. [983 El ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 5

5) Check the location of the apartment: quality of the
neighborhood. convenience of stores. laundromats,
bustines, etc.

6) Are pets allowed?

7) is parking available?

8) if you pay your own utilities. ﬁnd out from the
previous tenants what the actual costs are. (Oil heat tends
to be cheapest.)

9) Check radiators. If the ﬂoor around them is warped or
diseomred. they leak.

l0) Check for insulation. Storm doors and windows are
important. especially if you are paying your own heating
bills. Find out who controls the thermostat. particularly if
the landlord pays the heat.

A student should first and foremost try
and assess his/her own needs and desires
as accurately as possible

 

ll) Cracks in walls or cciligs. stained ceilings or warped
floors may indicate leaky roofs or faulty plumbing.

12) Check the quality of apartment security. This could
be the most important point you consider. At a minimum.
every apnrtntent should have dcad~holt locks on all cn-
try/exit doors. Windows should be equipped with working
locks. Doors should be of solid material. especially at
building entrances.

l3) Building safety is another important factor. Arc tltcrc
at least two exits? Are there adequate exit facilities front the
second floor? is tltcrc sufficient lighting in the apartment
and in tltc hallways and the exterior? Arc tltcrc sntokc
alarms?

l4) No landlord may require that more than three
unrclatcd persons live in the same residence. l l

 

Inseterl-l-gampus A
"There is only a two [)L'I't‘t'lil vacancy role in Albany.

the tentutts' experiences tltcrc. Podolsky said quite a few
students come in to look at the log. bttt not many file
reports. She would like to see more student input.

"The log lets me keep art eye on what's going on. i write
letters to students with problems uItd give them relevant in-
formation."

Onc idea that Podolsky has on the back burttcr is setting
up an inspection cotttntlttcc. which would investigate
lnttdlord complaints. Until that is established, OCA will
conduct orientations attd seminars sometime iIt March to
educate students about what to be aware of when looking
for an apartment. OCA has published a “survival guide."
which contains helpful hints for off-campus students. They
are also responsible for the publication of Getting Off. a
ntontltly newspaper for off-campus students. or those platt-
nittg to move off.

According to SA Vice-President Ann Marie LaPorta.
this semester should be u'bcttcr one for OCA. since the
Legislature is in session. Sltc hopes Podolsky will he sett-
ding students down to lobby for projects. especially
Cuonto's proposed tuition hike.

ltt September. Podolsky started a coupon excluutgc.
Students with unneeded coupons can exchange tltctn at the
OCA office lit the Cantpus Center for a comparable
amount of coupons they can use.

A local ride board was also set up outside the SA office.
as well as a carpool for commuting students.

“We have another bulletin board out there that l'd like
to use as either a local news board. or a goods nttd services

' " Director Dianne Podolsky: downtown brown

u. ,. ._... wqu t s .I. r‘tr“ trauma-“15 n . . ,

me apartments

board. depending on which students would like more.
There‘s a suggestion box on the Campus Center informa-
tion desk for students' ideas."

Podolsky said OCA's biggest problcnt is that students are
not aware of the services and programs they offer.

Lai’orttl. commented. “Dianne is doing an adequate job.
but if i were iIt her position. l'd do a harder job of making
students aware that the office is there. and the potential it
has. Getting Off is good and ltas been upgraded, bttt i
don’t think they should dcvotc so tnuch titnc to it. i think
one thing OCA could do is poll students attd use them as a
resource . . . ask them about their landlords and things
that are important to them."

OCA plans on spending more money this semester 0..
publicity. Right now they are in the process of negotiating
programming funds for OCA activities. Tltcy propose to
use the mottcy for a night at Cnltoots. a party irt
Washington Park. or lunch-time entertainment by students
lit the off-campus lounge.

Podolsky would also like to institute a drop-off bin.
where students could bring their old pots and pans. dishes
and curtains for other students to pick up to start their
households. in addition. site would like to start It food drive
for the homeless of the community. but she stresses student
interest. The food drive would be lit conjunction with the
Council of Albany Neighborhood Associations. of which
OCA is an associate member. They have also joined the
Pine Hills Neighborhood Association.

OCA will begin having weekly meetings to inform
students of tltcir activities sometime in February. D

urcnmmu'umuw

-' {comma

