  

 

 

 

  
   
   
   
  
   
   
  
   
   
    
  
    
  
   
     
   
   
    
   
    
  
   

 

 

6 aspects on {ruesday

vs. -r---- r;:; -.. ‘-

' rancis Farmer: 

2 rances is the best exploitation flick
2 to come along since I Spit On

Your Grave. That comparison ls
I not made randomly. because the two films
9 are remarkably similar In approach. If not
5" subject matter. What» they 'share is the
3 pretense of being repulsed by violence
while actually reVeilng In It. One could
.even go so far as to say that witirout
. violence and torture.'neitiier of these filttrs
would have been possible.

Mark Rossier

Of the two. Spit ls more successful simp-
ly because It feigns repulsion only for a
vague. surface respectability. The director
doesn't want to come across as a homicidal
maniac. so he pretends. not very convinc-
ingly. to sympathize with his heroine. But.
this is really only an attempt at common.
decency: the movie can afford to be
nothing more than a series of bloody im-
ages because when a movie Is called ISpit
On Your Grave. people don't expect a lot
of subtlety. Frances has a tougher time
because when audiences go into a theatre
expecting to see a biography of Frances
Farmer. the director has to at least make
sortie attempt at making a real movie.

What director Graeme Clifford attempts
Is actually very little. He Is so bad at con-
cealing his desire to get to Farmer‘s torture

 

 

The Issues of Farmer's political and
religious beliefs are touched upon. but
dodged enough to keep audience sym-

 

iti a mental hospital that he sacrifices even
coherence to get there. One can aitnost see
him rubbing his hands together iii anticipa‘
tion of the horror show he has planned.
For Clifford. Farmer is not a tormented.
strong-willed actress of the past. but merely
air excuse to show Jessica Lange naked
and brutalized.

The script. written by liric Burgrun.
Christopher Devore and Nicholas Kazan.
takes the Reader's Digest approach to
biography. We are shown a few key in-
cttlents. frottr which we are supposed to inA
fer a life. We are. apparently meant to
guess at the motivations and relationships
that make up Farmer's life because we get
so little background of airy substance. that
these selected incidents don't really mean
much.

Id Erich Segal has done it again
folks. You remember him. the
master mind behind such movie
greats as Love Story and the touching se-
quel Oliver's Story. Well the new Para“
mount release Man. Woman and Child is
Erich's newest venture into filmdom. Like
his previous attempts. this too is based on
his best selling book of the same title.

 

Megan Gray Taylor

 

This little film is the story of a happily
married professor (Martin Sheen) who.
while his wife (Blythe Danner) was preg-
nant with their second child. he was in
France lecturing and having an affair with
an exquisite french doctor (Nathalie Nell).
Ten years later this very same woman dies
(what else?) in a car accident and Sheen's
old friend in France feels compelled to tell
him of the existence of his son. Sheen. suf-
fering from extreme guilt wants to see the
child when out of undefined feat his wife
offers to bring the child here (here being
California) for a visit.

OK. so this isn't a 28 year old girl dying
of Lukemia. instead it is a 38 year old
French doctor (who by the way just hap-
pened to do her year of internship at
Boston General ~ in case you don't get it.
Segal teaches at Harvard and Boston
General is the medical school's affiliate
hospital). So we are given the happy cou-
ple. complete with their two daughters (yes
we get to deal with poor Blythe‘s sense of
inadequacy because she couldn't give him
a son). and their trauma over this new per-
son.
Like Love Story. we are given the
perfect college community. We see Sheen
teaching Whitman and we hear how the
humantles department is being cut in half

 

but these are Just briefs moments of reality

 

patiry. Similarly. her promiscuity in later
life is glossed over. presumably for the
satire reason.

However. what is really missing from this
portrait is any concept of Farmer as an ar-
ttst. She was a woman who strove to. ex-
cuse the cliche. be an actress not a star.
The quality of her work Interested hur
ttruclr more than its popularity. l-ler refusal
to compromise her standards and accept
the Hollywood lifestyle tirade Farmer un-
popular. so unpopular that when Slii‘ even-
tually broke down. no one bothered to
help her.

We get none of this from Francis. in fact
it is never even tirade clear whether Farmer
actually has a break down. or if she is simp-
iy pttt away out of spite. Jessica Lange has

.J .

Sebastian Dungan and Martin Sheen are
in this maudelln tear-jerker. Just to make
the picture complete. after the child arrives.
Danner ls tempted to have an affair with a
very successful writer whose book she just
happens to be editing. They have the ap-
propriate number of sterotypicai friends.
including the male jock-big mouth whose
son overhears the truth about the ‘little
French kid‘ and spills the beans to the uti-
prepared legitimate daughters.

The hardest thing about pannlng this
movie. although i am truly compelled to do
so. is that the acting per se Is really quite
good. l'm not sure why actors the calibre of
Danner. Sheen and Hemmlngs agreed to
do this in the‘flrst place. but given what

 

w z. _ ' .‘
Jessica Lange as Francis Farmer - Just another brutalized woman.

 

    

/

 

said that she sees Farmer as a fighter who.

“never realized that some battles are just

not worth fighting." Unfortunately. that is .
not the vision of Farmer we get here. She is

reduced to nothing more than a cliche

Hollywrmd star who can't handle success.

She is not a fighter. lint a victim who

resigns herself to her torture all too willing-

ly.
It is unfair though to criticize the film's
failure to depict the real. or even an
understandable. Frances Farmer because
she is of very little interest to Clifford and
company. Their concern lies with her tor-
titre and once she is locked Lip. they really
hit their stride.

Just like [Spit On Your Grauc. Franccs'
depiction of horror is at the very basest
level. Clifford doesn't bother with
psychological torture. he goes right for the
needle in the eye. That particular Image
crops up several times. most gruesomelv

 

durirfg Farmer's lobotoiny. We rilit at...
treated to various sequences in Wliit'll
Farmer is raped. drugged. beaten. litittit’tl
and given shock therapy.

Such scenes serve no purpose lM‘VIInrl
providing some cheap thrills. Since no i.,...
bothers to develop Farmer's t‘lratatti-i
there are no powerful before or after tonw
quences. Our sympathy exists unit;
because we would feel sympathy for ..i...
character who goes through what at...
does. But there is no sense of irm n,
tragedy. only pity.

Jessica Lange does What she can. but
that is really very little. She Is obviatist .r
capable actress and she has some brilliant
moments. but Clifford doesn't want to be
bothered with her attempts to put ﬁriliiit ili
tegrtty and convictioh itrto his tawdry llillt'
picture; he'd just as soon she strip, \\liit it
she does. completely without plilptisi' ..n
numerous occasions.

The rest of the cast are just cardboard
cut-outs. especially the usually ltill‘itii’tl
Kim Stanley as Farmer's stereotypit-ally ml
mother. Sam Sheppard as Harry York
seems confused atrd with good ruawn
Who be Is supposed to he and win; he
keeps popping up like a knight irr Hlillitttq
armour are questions that no onu \'\‘l'l
bothers to answer. Presumably. lit‘ IN
Farmer's one clratice at salvation ritiil lit/
turning him dowtt. she seals her fate Nut
only is the movie set in the forties rtiiil ltl
ties. it shares those eras sexist motab .n
well.

ironically. the recent TV movtv iin‘i

 

 

 

There Really Be A Mortimg?’ bowl on.
l-‘arttrer's autobiography. was tn- 'i.l
superior to this big bridng llit‘tiirlt .rl \I‘t
ture. Although it lratl certain Pilililt‘itr
particularly with its overly suntitnoniniuw
ending. that filttr at least managtui to ‘
about Frances Farmer. which is “unit it. it.
can be ’said about f‘Ttttlt‘t'S.

What Frances is about is crude. tastrtiw .
theatrics. it is as ttiucli a piece of \‘hliliti'rt
tion as f Spit On Your Grave. 'l'br- r!:
ference is. that while it was only the tilt. of
the previous film. lspit on your gravt' rm
actly what Graeme Clifford does to limit.
Farmer.

 

the [other and son tti Segai‘s film.

Segal Strikes Out

    

tlieiy had to work with. they make the best
0 .

Blythe Danner has established herself as
an actress of some standing. and despite
this film. her reputation should remain itr
tact. She is really quite good as the woman
torn between the desire to save her mar-
riage and the all-consuming jealousy of this
child. Sheen. too. is very credible as a man
struggling to hold his family together atrd at
the same time getting to know and love his
son. The two daughters are played b
Arlene Mclnlyre (who could be the nerll
Brooke Shields for looks and she ls ge-
nuinely talented besides) and Missy Francis
who could out cry any full blooded profes-

 

sional lrish tnourtrer.

David Hemmings (now illii'ml‘.
overweight) still lras the sex appeal of hr.
earlier days. and is chartning arid convrut
ing as the lonely writer turned suduit-t
Last but not least is the “Child”. .lt‘on
Claude. played beautifully by Sebastian
Dungan. All kids can be cute in the “dirt
role. but this boy has a real film present-a. .i
humanity you cannot help but relate to

So if all these performances weir- w
900d. why did i hate this movie? Wall I
really hate being able to predict what .i
character will say in a truly emotional mo
ment before they say it. it somehow lili lh
the spontaniety a flint should have In lair
this happened so many times. that at any
point i was so accurate those around tlii‘
joined In my mirth. which continued i‘Ki‘lt
to the final scene when believe it or not
they let the poor orphan go back to limit c

Like Six Weeks this is a fifth geared to
make you cry at certain moments. and .tw a
viewer I refuse to be manipulated it'spi‘i mi
ly since i went through a whole ho\ of
tissues over Lotte Story l have tr growl
reluctance to do it again here). it is otnrrnna
from beginning to curl that this ‘trovi'i' \N'v
written as a screen play. and ltrrl
Richards. as director. just filled iii wtur
stage directions.

Then there is the music. compost-d and
conducted by Georges Dielerttu ltll not
sure. but i think they got the sound it.“ to
mixed up. Tire title song sounds mow lilti-
it belongs to A Summer I’ftti‘t' tltan llll‘a
film.

if you loved the earlier Segal solidi W“
ttilght enjoy wasting the two hours tho
movie will consume. liven though I haw -|
host of wonderful high school trimaran". i“
go with Laue Story i can't fttrd any tutti-cm

 

H
ME “A_,,

ing factor In Man, Woman and (Tilt/if lll'“
title alone should convince ynui- l ’

 

 

Legendary Loy.

Portrait Of The PunkerAs An Old Man {

Lou came from Fruuport. L.l.

Claims that he is just your “Auerage Guy"
He's a rebel without a cause

Sings about hunts. lfiL' City and tithorus
He says “Hey baby. take a walk on the wild
side.

He said hey fttllil’y. tokt- (I walk on the wild
side. alright..."

i certainly doesn't fit the imagt.I

The gratrdatldy of puttk rock.

champion of the subculture that
calls itself “the Village" is a Loirg lslarrd
boy. To make things worse. he's frottr the
South Shore. He went to Syracuse Univer-
sity and his rtrajor was (i hope you're sittttrg
down) Literature. lie was a middle-class.
suburban. conventional fatnily kind of a
915/4...“

Gail Merrell

So. as the English Beat say .
“era'ppen?". Where did l.ou get all of his
irate? Wireti he started In lliL' Velvet
Underground. it wasn't so ttniclr his sar-
castic lyrics as it was his deadpan vocals
that conveyed his hostility. lie was aloof
and without feeling. hating no one yet
despising them all. /\I the core of this
disgust sat Lou himself. lie externaltzed his
self-hate and ill-t(lL‘ himself into a cannibal
that ate his friends up alive. lie had no
sympathy for his subject matter. Lott used
his irony atrd dry wit to paint portraits of
the decadent and the destitute. separating
himself fiottt all of the emotions atrd
sadness that shoultl'vv accompanied lltl’
songs.

After the disintegration of the Velvvis.
depression led Lou to a selfimposcd exile.
Then. itr W72. under the guidance and
prodding of David Bowie and Mick Roti-
son. Lou surfaced with a hit single. "Walk
on the Wild Side". atrd a solo album.
’l‘rnttsfornrcrfl'he album set the direction
for his solo career of the 70's. Most of his
songs were short stories. journalistic iti-
sights lliit) other peoples lives. His slice-of-
llfe monologues aptly described the drugs
of New York City. Perhaps his saddest triti-
ment came on Street lfrtsslc. which in~
cludes “Waltzing Matilda". "Street llasslu"
and “5le Away." Thc beautiful violins of
"Waltzing Matilda" filth: as the "Street
t" takes place. The girlfriend of a
guest at Lou's party had just OD'd. Lou
suggests that his guest should “drag your
old lady by the feet anti leave her iii the
darkest street and iii the morning she'll be
another hit and run." He says he's trot
“gonna wear his heart on his sleevu" and
that “people get all emotional aird sortie
times they think they're on T.V." atrd you
can't help but agree. Still it amazes me how

 

 

 

he cati remain so alienated,

He just saw a girl turn blue and die!
C'mon Lou! Under that punk stance.
beneath that so-cool~|'d-iook~tough-in»
pink countenance there's got to be a Rock
'n' Roll ffcnrt. But there isn't. As Lou has
written. “realism was the key The records
were letters Real letters frotn me to certain
other people "

l its music is very real too. Lou's the kind
of guy who'd rather emphasize the feed-
back than edlt it out He always chooses
the stripped-down. rough atrd ready. no
frills brand over the customized. polished
model. Up-frtttri. untamed guitars are sup-
ported by Stonus' bass riffs and drums that
really swing. The sound is usually dense.
offtimes discordant and always bluesy. His
sly off-the-culf-Dylanesque vocals lncor
porate the Neil Young wobble alleviation.
The dry vocals are enriched by gospel har~
monies that lUItTl.‘ you to sing arid holler
along to the musk: No matter ltow mellow.
muddled or loud and sloppy Lon gets. his

‘music always whispers "sway" and you

always do

Then Ltrti changotl his hand lino-tip.
/\ntl Lou got married Yeah. that's right.
Mr atrtl-establishttrt‘nt. the man least likely
to conform did Anti Irc lowd it l’ialscs to
ttrarttal bliss. his H’ill‘. his iroituI and his
friends flowed from his pen lt worried like
I.ou dldtr't know any more lrvtoint- addicts.
pimps. or girls that did it all night long l.ou
was fttrally starting to got to know l.ou

That new Lott Rut-ti t'tllill' ottt last year
trti The [line Musk. litrsidcs Lori's laitruls
for home sweet home. he look a stab at the
secdler side of life But his seedy side
wasn't the same lie used fictitious
characters. atnl although his Words on such
topics as alcoholism. guns .itrd sailo-
niaclrism rang true. they couldn't compare
to the dullest seconds oti his tiltiil.‘ personal
numbers. What a treat it was to heat [.oii
sing l‘l love women. i tiiitrk they'te great"
and really feel it Lou was finally starting to
feel. He sang “l'leavunly arms. reach to
hold me. . ." he was asking to be loved. Lttu
loved his wife Sylvia and best of all Lott
loved Lou. "l'vu really got .r lucky life. my
writing. my motorcycle and my wife."

And Lou was still morbid. it seemed that
he wasn't yet ready to shake the macabre
that the Velch Underground embraced ltr
"Heroin." On the title track. “The liltiu
Mask". Lott sings “Make the sacrifice.
Muttlaie my face Please don't set me free.
Death means a lot to lliL’...Ti‘Il(t‘ the Blue
Mask down frotn my face. And look me iii
the eye. i get a tlrtill from punishment. We
always been that way." The guitars (trash
and scream and you find yourself thrusting
your fist iii the air to the beat. The scariest
part of Lou's cannibal is that it cuts itself
alive. and worse yet. the cannibal is power

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Lou Reed ~ legend at large

  
  
  
  
    
  
     
     
     
  
   
   
   
     
   
  
  
  
  

l

aspects on tuesday

  

 

 

ful enough to sit us down at llil’ dinner
table and get its to ask for seconds

On Lori's new album. legendary
fft,'(1l‘fS. his catitribal is still there. but it's on
a liquid diet On "The Last Shot” Lott con
littiies his saga of his lialtlv with tho liottlv
"l hires a toast to all that's good. And
here's a toast to hate But when you quit
you quit. lint you .rlways wish. You know
it was your last shot " Lou doesn't wt- li-
quor so unit it as a drug as air enemy that
haunts lritrr win-rover he goes l‘opt'yt-"s
lilulo. ()tr “liottomtng ()ut" the album's
groovingest Hit. the sloshi'd cannibal takes
a spill oti it tnolotcycirI A do. tor pnti lil'\
him up. and lift: James Dean lilt‘lttliltttl
continues. as oiti tirtttrki'n Rough Rider
aims "that bike .it tlralufrrt potltok-"and hot
toms out

The musicianship on the album is of tin-
highest caliber TinI guitars blend llllll .i rit‘li
lllll sound. yet .iic able to tnoitrloitr llll’
slrafghtltrrwattltrt'ss of a ptinlt-ttii'k liatrtl
(‘tuiiarist Robert Qtlltll‘ mist-s his own styli-

 

wttlr that of Lou's playing from the Velvet
lindeigound (lays Quintl brought iti dttinr
nrvi Fred Mailer. who is more interested iti
precision than he is tti flourishes The
guattttl's bassist tS Fernando Saunders. a
tit/.Avtock artist who strips itrto the alhitttr
with the most skill. And of course. there's
Lou Alter sotiriI utrroutagemetit from
antiu. in: t'omt-s itr strong on his guitar

f.i’_(jt‘tt(ftiiy fft‘tt’f is .r iriglrly personal
album. where Lou Rt‘t‘tl. the happily mar
lll'tl averagi- guy. is also the intoxicated
(titltitlidl oti a titottrttyclt- It works. lust
llt't‘iluﬁl' his lyiit s are brilliant and the music
is esttoadmaiy bitl mostly it works bui'atisv
l.titt lit'ud is. at long last. content to he Lou
Reed Take a bow

l.th ti'iis inst spur-ding ttttitty

l'ltotiglit he tints .lnrni-s Dean for rt tll’rtlflt'
Then i guess he lmd to crush

(.‘ltusv t'ttflttltl. not strittt‘k [or that litrin
Ift' stiys.”ffuy hobo. itilw ti ti'ttfk on HIV

MN I}: \l

 

tttiItI stilr' .. l 3

 

 

teady Eddie

5 he says on his album. l‘)i‘iZ has

been a good year for liddie

Mrplry. and with or without this
sucess. he is happy This year has seen him
catapiilting to fame and fortune To begin
with he wrote an acclaimed article on
humor for Newsweek His way firtrtry htit
violent movie with Nick Noltv. lih' lttﬁ. has
been a box office smash Adding to his
popularity are to articles a major pit-cu itr
Nt’ttt York iii-Inglill’ and a o.tit)t) ivortl
feature iir l’layboy's i Ioliday issue. he also
did his first solo-headline show at Nor»

‘thwvstertr along with appearencus at

several awards curomonies. All this was
done around his busy Saturday Night Live
schedule on which he bugtin his third
season

.
Lee Greenstem

This recent gootl forttnriI is no accident.
liddic Mtttpliy is hitrtry as shit

ills happiness iii '32 was in reaction to a
bad year iii '81. “Because ..itr '81 ttratr.
they was killing people." he says iii “The
pope. anti Roirald Reagan" "They shot
john Lennon . tlri-y shot Reagan .tlrey
shot Sadat they shut lllt‘ l’opt- " This
point of reality .ii‘tually silences his tarn-
bunctlotts audience. TinI siletrciI . siroitliv-
ed as fiddle helps the crowd laugh at life. ii
goes on: “What can sotrruonu's rationale
for shooting the Pope bu?" "I want to go to
hell and I don't want to wait on lines With
nobody." Obviously this man wanted to
take the "I fell Express!"

 

it is refreshing to lit-at liittr litt‘lllltllt a
topic with some substance. t‘Vl'll if only
briefly. Puts this forllr iii such a manner.
that the nbstn'tlcty of such thoughtless ac»
tions is made clear. A deep political
analysts its not. but such simplistic com-

 

mentary is stunning

Otherwise his approach ((lillt' insult this
(‘rod ill“? figure) ts basic if i may. l'd like to
label a new genre. that of dtyorcsgtie corti-
t-dy (yes you heard it heat first) Regardless
of the subject matter he hanturs constantly
iii the colloquial manner that has made
Richard Pryor the funniest tnati. (black
trratr according to Steve Martin). in
America (harried its fttntry stuff but often ii
is too stirrilar to l’rytrt's material. For exam-
ple he does a bit on how a "white guy" guts
mad. humor made famous by Pryor in
general his satires are cluttered with
"fuckers" arid "mother fuckers" But with
his; natural ability. trot much more is need-
l'l

The album is varied The last cut on each
side are stings that were released as singles
iii the past. “lloogicI itr Your butt" is tap
danci- song co~writtcn by Murray that
never hit the tlatrcehalls as big as was plan-
ned “lintrugh is Enough" is a version of
the Dona Summer hit sung by Murray in
the guise of two of iris satirical characters.
Richard Simmons atrtl Buckwheat. The
comedy value of these variations is low.

My favorite piece is "Drinking Fathers."
ltt it in» imitates the classic Dad ranting and
raving about everything gone wrong. blani»
itrg hi- and his brother fot' it all. His fatlwr
comes home wlth a load on arid challenges
his kids to fight: fiddle and his brolini pro~
ceded “to heat the shit out that old titan"
when be but them his paycheck.

like all good comedians Eddie Murray
has the ability to make us laugh at
ourselves. His humor is diliil‘ll at whites.
blacks. Chinese. tiril l’opc. homosexuals.
the young and old. Although this is nothing
new it is none the less rare. it is this barality
of weakness arid faults among people that
can bring its cldse together.

 

The album's pretty funny.

  
 

:. pita-as. rmvwmmln e; ; Wmmmaimammimm ’

r

 
    
   
   
  
   
   
   
    
  
   
  
     
   
   
   
   
   
    
  
   
       
  
  
  
   
  
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
 
  
 
 
    
 
  

   
  
    
  
   
 
   
    
    
   
  
   
   
    
   
    
   
   
  
     
    
    
  
    
   
     
    
    
   

  

  

