 
   
 



pens-.‘m. A

M—— L;_... ._... a» v

H ‘ ‘ ‘. _,‘V_.:::_~c .é. . ,., .
. r. ... ......v.....-..........,...‘ M- M»— -»a....-._,-,._ ._ . .. ,.. ..._.W«. w.

v -w" \
T<%<;-VALE' ’* "- ‘

 

may.

.91— M.

<. y...» .. -,

 

 

 

 

E D

 

IIIT o n I

A L

 

 

Cut back? We say strike back!

ometimes it’s easier to keep your nose
buried in other things than actually
face what’s around you.

Sure, it’s a common excuse — um, I’m
real busy now, you know, I'm way behind
and all, gimme a call next week —- but it’s
pretty damn weak. If the Legislature ap-
proves Gov. Cuomo’s budget as it now
stands. you’ll be facing quite a different
university when you get around to looking
about.

Think what it'll do. Losing several hun-
drcd professors will mean huge department
cuts. littge classes, and more classes tattght
by graduate stttdcnts instead of professors.
Losing many support workers will mean
fewer university services — longer waits for
paperwork processing, fees for fewer tnore
crowded buses, fewer student services and
fewer library hours.

Higher tuition — it’s pretty clear what
that’ll do. it’s hard enough to raise money
for school without facing bigger bills.
Another dorm rent hike will just compound

that problem.

The worst part of it all is that while
Cuomo begs our apology for slashing
SUNY, he raises the state subsidy for private
colleges.

Starting to raise your head out of your
book, away from your computer terminal,
away from your bong or pitcher? You don‘t
have to just wait and take these fee hikes
and budget cuts lying down. The Legislature
is sure to modify Cuomo’s budget, arid the
only way to make sure SUNY gets its share
is to stutup downtown and lobby. It’s not
tottgh. and it'll sttre pay off.

Student Association is organizing
students to work for the support our univer—
sity needs. Those people yelling iii the quad
cafeterias and in the Campus Center aren’t
crazy, tliey’rc trying to get the message
across that the only people we ‘an trust to
lobby for us is us. We can sit around our
dorm rooms and apartments moaning about
the budget, but it’s not going to change a

thing. Sunday night there’ll be rally in the
CC Ballroom to prepare for Monday, and
Monday is the day. Thousands of students
from all over the state will be talking to
legislators and pushing hard for the state
university.

The Legislature has restored cttts in the
past. and if enough students stump the halls
of the Legislative Office Building we should
be able to get back at least some of the
money Cuomo’s taking away. Nearly all
professors have agreed not to [)L‘tlilil/t'
students for missing class Monday \\'lttit‘
lobbying, so there’s no excuse for failing to
show tip Monday. SA is running special
charter bttses from the circle all morning on
Monday to bring everybody downtown.

When you consider that you’ll be saving
your education, missing a couple hours of
studying or a class isn‘t muclt at all. Strike
Monday and lobby downtown. The univer-
sity you save will be your own. I i

 

C

 

O L U M

N

 

 

The role of

A well known Canadian mass media expert who died
recently was the author of the saying. “The medium is the
message." Mecluhan referred to the invention popularly
known as the “television.” This concept cart be fittlngly ap-
plied to the role of lilack History. it is the medium that
conveys the message about who and what the African peo-
ple iii Atuerica are.

‘Dr. Japhet M. Zwana

The shore to shore Black historical span is aptly depicted
in the following passage. “Black Americans have a
heritage. a black experience of abrupt cultural transforma-
tion. This is cvideticed by the traumatic transformation to
conditions of slavery in a distant. alien ltutd with its strange
language and lifestyle with the intervening ‘middle
passage‘ as an added phenonema to aggravate the situa-
tiott. in the I860's they required to deal with new. abrupt
changes brought about by a transformation front legal
slavery to legal freedom in the same place and with no
change in the economic position. As a people. they were
given neither land nor power but only a written statement
of their freedom in the form of The Emancipation Pro-
clamation and the Thirteenth Amendment to the Constitu-
tion. Beginning with WWI and accelerating during the in-
terwar and post WW1 years. there was a major cultural
change brought on by the northward migration to an ur-
ban. atomized. technological environment frorn a rural. in-
timate and agrarian one. Literally. millions moved off the
land in the South into crowded tenements in Northern ghet-
tos. where they had to earn a living iii an entirely new way
and to adjust to daily living conditions drastically different
from those they were accustomed to." (The Black Ex-
perience in American Politics by Charles V. Hamilton.)

The fact of the matter is that, though lacerated and mud-
died, the History of Black People in America and beyond
does exist and no racist miracle can make it go away.
Through its study. Blacks reflect upon their past. unders-
tand their present and prepare for the future. Black History
Month (February) may not be celebrated with the holiday
fanfare that is extended to such Jewish occasions as Yom
Kippur. Passover. Hanukkah. and Rosh llashana but it is
an occasion duritig which Blacks rededicate themselves to
ttpholding and promoting the world-wide African essence
iti accordance Willi the destiny that annointcd them tltc
primary race, iii the first place.

Black pride is as old attd deep as the black color. It is cr-
roncous to conclude that it was the direct product of the
Black protests against their status. Booker T. Washington
inaugurated the "Negro Health Week" itt order for Blacks
to guard their health and to develop habits of cleanliness
which would help tlietti become a stronger and more effec-
tive racial group. The seeds of Black History Month were
buried in the ground by Carter (i. Woodson who cottceivcd
“Negro History Week" as a period during which the
multitude of the contributions of Blacks to the develop
ment of world civilimtious would be sufficiently stressed to

 

 

' -’ ' angina-seated. .Lmu'ttmasuamzwme volatilize;

educate and inform Blacks as well as Whites. inspired by
the Black scholar, the NAACP instituted in 1914 an annual
award-the Spingarn Medal. to a Black “who shall have
reached the higltcst aeltievement in his field of activity."

The spirit of Black History Month brings with it the
awareness on the part of Black students. educators arid
others that far. far too long. they have been taught to
respect and idolizc men and women who regarded their
forebears as inferior—and that. to continue unqualified
reverence for them would be to sanction racism.

'l‘he eminence of Dr. Martin Luther King. .lr., lies. in
part. iii the fact that he read attd understood tltc message of
the History of Black people.

Most people simply know Dr. King as a giant Civil Rights
Movctncnt lcadcr. A closer examination of his record
points out that his greatness \vcllcd frotti his cottrage to do
more of the same things that other Blacks before him had
tried. For example. at the top of thc agcttda of the civil
rights movements of the early 1960's was the question of
one titan one vote for Black adults in the South. it was Dr.
King who realized that wltites were succeeding itt keeping
the ballot frotn Blacks because the latter were also unwit-
ting vietitns of economic poverty. Thus. lie came to the
coticlttsiou that the problctti was nation-wide arid the solit—
lions tnust follow suit, [it her book. “My Life With Martin
Lutlter King. Jr.." Coretta Scott King points ottt that after

Black history

the passage of the I965 Voting Rights Bill. Martin pt'tipiw
ed. in the face of strong objections. that SCH“ should e\-
pand its activities ittto the North and West. Said he. “You
can expect us in Baltimore. Philadelphia, Detroit. los
Angclcs and Chicago."

The sense, the rationale. the persuasion for observing the
birthday of a than such as Dr. King. during the Black
History Motitli is given profound meaning by tltc words ol
Benjamin l3. Mays. President Emeritus of Morehousc (.‘otr
Icgc. who said: “God called the grandson of a slave ou ills
father's side, arid said to him: Martin Luther, Speak to
America about war and peace; about its obligation to the
poor; about social justice and racial discrimination; and
about non-violence as a way of perfecting social change in a
world of hrtttality attd war!" (litilogy to Dr. Martin l.ut|ict
King. Jr.)

Fittingly. the Department of African/Afro-Ameriean
Studies at the State University of New York at Albany will
sponsor its Second Annual Martin Luther King/Black
History Month Convocation on Monday. February 2K.

 

iJr. lap/tel M. Ztvalm is Assistant I’rq/iosor o/
Alrtenn/Afro-Ameriean Studies at SUN )’//t/l)uny tlllti n
Chair oft/re Convocation Celebration Committee. '

 

 

   

"LIUUH t u

 

[  St; 41'
awn ‘3‘] @® 7
i it i1" 'ttititi

New »‘ 7‘ é
[bubkxummc‘ caratth Wt 5.11370 hum.

3 ohm w \o—tmt - bane welt state,
30“  ﬁbroi- BOWtk-per-chonnel

 

 

—
(“’1 ~i r991 it?» Rt-t
»~  a) to c?) e) W .e'

- ”@%@@dﬁﬂq
 3- (“.1 teal Illnlliyt'1d3lt'li

tumysssm -' i i‘ii‘i   I
item.

his arm” “‘H‘t’dﬂ‘ WW“. mg“ 5‘ e M. JUNIORQA‘ttn—Dtn

I t“t ,{i/ ‘
mm“ Tamika Z-X {Pa :11. “mm (Jubilant ﬁnal 2/. vihv‘ci  S t"
mam... MES/zoo: amt-«wee (New, tut-t It a
LaQZEHer Pang Chases. SEEM“? “We, .. a - ‘u
lUv tank worth-run imi “‘Vl't'i’ but.
duttnéilricetvel‘ wiltdwhtl ttt‘iilltili ti i y“

tutti-’31: . if
9611: thn huh mtﬁ‘olat am:':;-W‘W‘Ziw’b 6w)

,‘Hitomtuot; iriugttttxf‘ths i‘ﬂm, iﬂ'mo: You live 15th . s-il
tibmtt‘tnitdel‘ J  ("W’m' ttgt twat
Mfr \nt ‘Ith

W t ‘ m‘ .
TlikikjubaLm HA7th Edam“

 

 

l""t-j'tt ll: tgzt
['l'l\"{i] ‘ a y 1““
[:m‘ 1H .

 

l:.r“s. FM... 1)“
I . t'l

'  <5 1th writer-ti

 

'} t to «v. A
"~  (H in]

In!
53’»: gnaitﬂill‘ \

"4mm n

     

1’ u

mt‘ in] , ‘
. ' ' ll! U i
t.  0 its .attt ﬂ

 

t ‘igki‘h‘blnlt' (1 1:

 

 

 

t8

February 28, 1983

 

 

l
4-?

1

 

 

 

“1“"4-‘m iv u...

 

 
     

