N0 VEMBER 22. I983

 

 

 

Keith Murder

By
.I\.\IK'I.I II \‘I’URH Ilrlltm'

The game lived up to its advanced bt mg. It was
more than just a game. even more than a champion-
ship game: it was a game tltat “as marked by a fierce
rivalry.

This time it was Albany's turn to own the bragging
rights ofthe are' ' they beat Union 60-5] irt tlte cham-
pionship game of Capital District Basketball Tourna-
ment on Saturday night.

The war of the minds on tltc sidelines turrted out to
be just as important to the outcome of the game as tlte
play on the court.

Albany Head Coach Dick Saucrs, known for ltis
defensive wi/ardry. Uttlnitled ltis counterpart, Union
Head Coach Bill Seanlon \\lllt tlte use of an array of
different defenses.

By using multiple cltartging defenses the Danes stre-
ccssfully shut down Union‘s tltree big gttns. Kevin
Bartlett, Ken D'Ortuio, attd Joe Wood. The three shot
a combined 8-23 front the floor.

One of the defenses tltat the Danes employed was a
box and one on Wood, who was playing ottt of hosi-
tion at point guard due to an injury to point guard
Pete Torneello.

Sauers said. "We were in front so we had the oppor-
tunity to change defenses. l was hoping for a lead so
we could keep them off balance wth the defense. If we
would have gotten belting six or eight to nothing it
could have been an entirely different hallgame."

Albany got the lead they needed when they jumped
out to a 7-31cad. Union then countered with two quick
hoops to tie it up with l4:39 rentaining in the first half
Albany then went on a l3-4 tear which was highlighter
by a Dan Croutier three-point play. Croutier took t.
pass from Dave Adatn and suspended himself in mid-
air just long enough to draw contact; he then hit a
seemingly impossible shot which electrified the crowd.
The streak was topped off by a John Mraeck hoop off
a Wilson Thomas feed. This forced Union to call tinte
out. Both teams then traded baskets which enabled
Albany to take a 28—l7 halftime lead into the locker-
room at halftime.

Coming into this game against Union, Albany knew
they would be required to base a strong rebounding
performance as the startittg front line for the Dut-
ehmcn averages just a hair under 6‘6". Freshman
Adatn Ursprung led the \say in this departntcnt by

‘ grabbing 9 caroms ineludirtg 3 in the final 1:52. llis rc-
bounding played a major role ill the Danes‘ victory.

: Many times it appeared as if Ursprung was at least two
feet above the crowd that was contesting him for the
ball.

“i wanted it had." said Ursprung. 'l‘ournamcnt
MVP (‘routier ecltoed that comment: “When Adam
wants the ball he goes up and gets it."

Albany had the lead frortt start to finish, and except
for two occasions Were itt total corttrol of the action.

In the middle of the second trail the Danes saw their
IS-point lead evaporate to 7. Greg liart then entered
the game and dominated it offensively. Whett he first
eattte irt he ltit a jumper from the middle of the latte
attd was fouled by D'Dra/io. llart then used his mus-
cle to get art offensive rebound from one of Dave
Adam's tare misses attd converted the hoop. 'l‘lten
llart added a free throw to his totals as the Albany
lead wettt back up to l2.

"I just wanted to do everytltittg I could to help us
win. I knew we needed points; opportunity knocked
artd l was at the door," remarked art elated I'lart.

‘ "(ireg tnadc six big points; that was a big lift," add-
ed Saners.

With a little urtder two minutes remaining. Urtion
pultittg together their last ditch effort, successfully cut
the Danes lead to four. They did so on the sharp
shooting of freshman Tim Diemor, attd their pressure
defense which forced Albany to call two titrte outs
because of the trouble they were having getting the ball
over the mid-court lirte in the alloted tert seconds.

Ursprung then took control of both boards by grah-
bing three rebounds including a big one on the defen-
sivc end with Albany up by eight attd :37 seconds re-
tnaitting that iced the gatne.

The final two rnittutcs were also tttarkcd by (.‘routier
paving the way in Albany‘s patented spread offense.
(‘routier. who wants the ball itt his hands at the ettd of
the game, dribbled in and out of Duteltnten defenders
ntaking tltertt look like statues.

"i like to handle the ball at the end of the game very
much,“ said the confident guard.

As the seconds ticked off the clock. Union was
unable to surtuouut any serious threat. The Danes
\\cttt on to win the game 60-53 which gave them their

 

first ('apital District 'l‘ottrnament \vin irt tltree years.

 

BOB LUCKEV UPS

Danny Croutler earned Tournament MVP honors as Albany beat
CCNY and Union for the Capital District Championship.

In the first round Albany destroyed (.‘('NY by the
score of 99-65. Thomas had his finest game as a Dane

17>

Harriers and winning season 18th at Nationals

By Tom Kaeandes
SPOR IS EDITOR

Theirs was a team with no
seniors, little experience. young
talent, enthusiasm. and the sort of
team unity that coaches dream
about. Add to these ingredients the
years of tradition and experience
that Head Coach Bob Munscy
represents and it spells big time sue-
ccss: the l983 Albany State men's
cross country team finished the
season Him in the nation among
Division lll schools.

Running their toughest dual-meet
schedule in years. the Danes did the
job week after week to ﬁnish the
season 15-4, losing only to Division
I powers Army. Sicna, Syracuse,
and a lucky RPl team. They did it

feetcd some runners. but the super-
fast, unrelentlcss pace was the big
killer. With the exception ofjunior
Ed MeGill. the race was a difficult
initiation to the vagaries of the
NCAA Nationals for the Danes.
Sophomore Craig Parlato explain-

l'tn never satisfied unless i will.
Maybe that's a little unrealistic, httl
we'll be back here next year and
then we'll really do sortie running."
The juniors strong performance
was a good indication that McGill
may finally be ready to fulfill his

big thing was for tts just to get
there. The race was a very new ex-
perience for my babies. they were
just getting their feet wet."

Asked about the season, he said,
"l‘tn thoroughly pleased with this
tcatn. They helped each other, pick-

 

“It was a fun race to run. The
whole experience of coming down
here and being part of a top 20
team was great. We earned it. ”

—Crar'g Parlato

ed up the slack and did whatever it
took to win. These guys did more
than i expected they would and
made themselves top-20 to boot.
Now that's a good season." (‘1

ACROSS THE LINE: Possibly the
most exciting thing about the came-
out-of—nowhere harrich is the fact
that barring Injuries, every member
of the first and second varsity teams

 

will return next year. . .Thls year's

at the SUNYACS and at the lC4As.

By that time, Head Coach Bob
Munsey's "Diaper Kids” were
grown up, tuned up. and ready to
do whatever was necessary to
qualify for nationals. Said captain
Jim Erwin, “The long season gave
us a lot of time to gain experience
and a sense of purpose.” The bar-
riers ran tough in the snow and
freezing winds of Cortland at the
NCAA Regional Qualiﬁers. The
conditions equalized all the com-
petitors’ prospects of survival or
victory and Albany's desire and
determination made the difference.
The Danes pulled out third place
“Enlnst llte odds and danced in the

 

 

 

UPS
Captain Chris Callacl was key
In the Danes' success.
parking lot afterwards.

So. enough history already. Last
Saturday the Danes ran against the
top 20 teams in Division ill and
finished 18th in the nation. Race
conditions in Newport News,
Virginia were just a little on the hot
side. The sunny, upper-605 day af-

cd, "We ran pretty well. but we
were a little too tired and overex-
eitcd to run at peak again." Dane
strongmcn Chris Callaci, lan
Clcmcnts. and Erwin best ﬁt the
description. All three runners went
out very hard and ran well. but
lacked the relaxed stnength needed
to break into the top-100 crowd.
The mcet's biggest story was
junior McGill. surged through the
ﬁrst mile mark in 4:45 to run with
the raee's top-60 runners over the
remainder of the flat 8.000-mcter
course. McGill hit two miles in 9:45
and finished 54th overall in 25:07.
“it was a pretty good race for
me." Mom” said afterwards. “but

national-class potential.

Sophomore Craig Parlato ﬁnish-
ed his season outwith a solid l45th
ﬁnish overall. Parlato’s perfor-
mancc showed “how Craig has
learned from his rookie season and
become more consistent," accor-
ding to Coach Munsey. Said
Parlato, “it was a fun race to run.
The whole experience of coming
down here and being part of a
top-20 team was great. We earned
it...

Reﬂecting on the meet. Coach
Munsey commented. “We ran a
good race and beat a couple teams
and that’s all i wanted to do. The

Danes were .500 against Division I
competition. . .Albauy's McGlll
was named Coach's runner-of-the-
meet in recognition of his tup»60
performance at Nationals. . .The
Fredoniu Blue Devils. this year's
SUNYAC champions. will lose five
of their top seven mnners. If the
second-place Danes Improve at all.
Albany could will the SllNYACs
for the first time in ten
years. . .Evcn before the season
began. Coach Munscy told hls new
team. “You guys are the founda-
tlott of a new era lll Albany State
cross coutttry. The past is past, and
our future is just what you make
it." Prophetic words indeed.

 

