 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

t

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

MARCH ll. 1933 ll ALBANY STUDENT PRESS Sport's 15

 

     
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

I
U

SIIEE:LIl-'E Presents
II

second place teams are ranked six to IO. Tire third

1,

Moore

<15

4 tickets to Hall & Oates Concert 33$..ti.ii3n.hiind“ triiviliittiiidiil

at Glen Falls Civic Center

very concerned witlr academics.
That makes it cvctt harder to get thc

 
 

 

otters you water sports and ball games.
climbing and camping. theater and
outdoor concerts. soaring and biking.
birding and hiking... Call or write to see
for yourself why Cornell is the place you
should be this summer.

 

Cornell University Summer Sosston
812 lvos Hall-v Box 11

 

 

 

  

. f _ . WW I I .
- ‘ William Moore' A '
WORK THE NIGHT OF . new OH 00 or sports
‘. I By Mark Levine 800d part of his early the lit places State. is concerned. givett Albany's status Another concern Moore cn- 
 — mums/AI.ass/smm- :SIIL‘IIII its Cletvelattld.\T/clt;tressec. Such Moore replaced Bob Ford as as Division Ill. He says this is not counters is that of fan support. in a a
‘ , a tc.casc Will i iain Moore. Athletic Director earlier this year so. school of roughly'l5.000 students,
‘7  ' livclntl “1‘0 (illFCLllOr of the athletic who. is presently the tread of after spending the previous 30 years “A Division ill school such as athletics will undoubtedly play a 
. ., ﬁgdgmcﬁc; Yzﬂi‘lfggclsﬂl‘lzerlly Ill lhystcal Education and Recreaton at Central Connecticut State Col- this is really not much different. role in the students' lives. Being intt 
i. i I“ Yr 1 m n I feel“ d (P.i:.A.R.). as wellas serving as the lege. where he ltad been the Dircc- athletically. thttn a typical Division metropolitan area such as the
 “(C y 5P0 " 3 mil WlO went a Atltlcttc Director here at Alban tor of Athletics since I962. While at it scltool. We've competed against Capital District also increases the
i" ‘ Central Connecticut, Moore was tittttry Division II schools in dif- number of people involved iii the
i   ’S  M  H also the head basketball coach for l'crent sports. arid have always been university as a whole. so sports here
scvcrt years ttitd head football coach very competitive." he said. touches the lives of many people.
i . for eight years. Besides being involved with areas both in the university and the com-
ii    Working at a large university is such as scheduling attd trartsporta- urnitity. Moore uses this outlook as
L I nothing new to Moore. since he lion for tcants. Moore is also in- thc foundation for his pcrspcctivc
 received his l’lt.D at Mlcitigttti Un- volved with the staffing of coaches on getting people other than thc
'_ vicrsity irt 1954. He was also the tutti other team personnel. Dealing tttltlctcs involved iit sports.
 Athletic Director at Shepherd State with the staffing of tcatrts goes "l-‘tttt itttcrcst starts itt citltcr thc
  - UP  (‘ollcge itt West Virginia. which ltad dccpct than just the ltiritig of l'ttll- university or the coitttttttttity.” ltc
V 1 till crirolltrrettt of ttpproxittiatcly titne coaches. Since tttttny coaches says. “Here iii a city like Albany.
’ A  m   500. so Moore has seen both the are not full-time ctnployccs of the where tltc community is so (“\L'irt'.
 large tttid the small of college cairt- unitctsity. such as “rustling coach l feel that there is a better chance
‘i, ‘ _ “UM EDMICKUPS poses. lie I‘ccls at ease in citltcr .loc Dchico}Motricntlusl it); to for success by slatl'ting \Filt‘it tile
K' - situation. cotnotatc llL‘w pcopc ttnt ntn‘c titti\ctsity itsc l‘. 'l'tittgs i'e tic
  A  The AM'A "0°" "oakey Playd's Which Wm be baglnnlng soon' Wm be under a new 'ormm ""3 86830" "l't'e t'clt cotttl'ot'lablc at schools tltcit iolrs easier. L'ilL'L‘i‘lCilthH and the pcp hand are a
~ It "winding 8 bem'omlve series in "‘0 "nala' of both si/cs. and I try ntid make “We hate a large use of part-time trig Itclp. and so are alumni groups
2 athletics scttlc into the mode of thc pctsottncl.” ltc said. " l‘hcsc people the ttrcn‘s basketball learn has a
'   Utllll|ili\." ltc said. must carry on a fttll»titnc conttnit— sltottg alumni group. illlti \tc “ant
 u      u p ('cnlral (‘onnccticut is a l)i\ision merit to us. but are only working oil something like that to hccottrc more
it school. so it appears at first a patt-Iitttc basis. it is a tcal active.
   ’ glance that Home is stcppittgtltmtt challenge to keep good pcttpic in "liouctci. a school such a“. this
place teams are ranked ll-l5 arid the fourth place MAN CALEMW“ a ttotclt as far il\ quality of ttlltlclics pail-little xloo.” 14>
 “y  tcanrs are ranked l6-20. "Ti"  ~ 7 » r  +2“ 7  .. . e 4 , :__ _
J - ' f ' Teants rattkcd lJ-Zt) play the opening rottrtd to    
As the AMlA floor hockey regular season comes to determine four wild card spots. This reduces the field
k ' ' a close arid with the playoffs beginning shortly. this to lo teams. The learns then play single elimination Andy SW83 Wl” COMPGtB in the DlVISlon l NCAA national
year‘s post-season qualifiers will encounter a new games until they reach the semi-finals. The number clitltlirgpllonilltlps'thls weather“! ln'0kl8h0m3 City. Oklahoma. Ha
 playoff fornrat. one ratiked tcatn plays the number 16 ranked tctttn. W 8 00 n9 0 earn -Amer can honors. - . .
'3 ' lit the past. the playoffs were single elimination. number- two ranked team plays tltc ntrrnhcr I5 ratrkctl Sores. a three-time Division ill All-American. will be making I I've m an all'male dorm With twenty Other guys
i    This gave weaker learns a chance to upset strotrger tcatn. number tltrcc ranked tctinr plays the number t4 his first appearance at the Division I championships. He and here's my problem. Every time i pUt a bottle Of Celia
t teams In it one game playoff. This year's fortttat irr- ranked tcartr. ctc. qualified for this weekend's tournament by virtue of his third - - f -
 u ” clttdcs a best of three series for the sctrii-finttls and a _ The following learns ltave clitrcltcd playoff spots: iii place finish at the Division lll championships two weeks ago. Lambruscor Blancoi or Rosato In the dorm re rlgeratog
5. best of five series for the finals. “The idea is so that the division 2h — (irittct'ttl Head (7-1); itr division 2p * a was selected by the coaches at the tournament to be one of ‘ ' ' ' ‘
 (J    hcst tcatns prevail and thc good teams don't get upset Marci l-laters (8-0-1). I’uck Offs (5-1-1). Rat Patrol 2 four wild cards to travel to Oklahoma along with the to charm to Chlll’ It mystenOUSIy dlsappears' What WOUld you do’
gi. . by it team that just gets lucky that day," explained (5-H) and Berman's Bttllics (4-l-J); in division 2r — pions. Puzzled
' l. head ttockcy official Gary Klein. The Clapslrots (6-H); irt division 2g — Waste Prodttlet I St'a‘ras had qualified tor the Division l championships in his My,” A”, ’
'7 , League l. the titore cornpetitlvc division. consists of Hockey (6-l) attd Milk (6-0); and in division 2h — T te res man year but did not Compete due to illness. He will be at- ' ' "
 With this ad and Student LD. receive a 15% || teams, with the lt‘ five tcattis making the playoffs. Brew's Brothers (7-1). The Force (6-2-I). Tuff Darts 4 tempting to be Albany's first Division | All-American since War- Dear Pulled' . . '
 discount on a" retail products and $500 off In the opening round the fourth place learn plays the (6-0-I) arid Silencers (6-2). d 2 I 'ran Crow accomplished that feat in 1966 and 1967. He placed People enjoy Iny [lg/7t. I‘CfI'CS/ilng CCHa LanlerSCO. {
'i. - o fifth place team for the wild card spot. The second Overall, the Marci Haters of ivision p are tic earth and fifth. Crow was alsoa two-time Colts 9 Division na- ' ‘ ~ s ' ' . -' ~'
\ on a“ salon services' place teams plays the tltird place teant. The first place favorites to writ the title. httscd on their experience. tlonal champion. The College Division precedgd Divisions ll .Blanco' and  :50 [Hugh'  nOt sufpnlﬂng: SO i
_' team plays the wild card team. I Site Mariel Haters: are second overall iii goals SCtlHCtl and ill, —Mtlrc St‘llwttrr. instead OfC/"tl/Ilng It In [/78 refrigerator; / Cl drill/C It OUCI‘
.Ef ' Undefeated-defending champion Buzz-Brut iers ( 7) an east goa s given tip (6). The Brew's Brot ters “mm” *— ---—--* —--——-—-~ - -—*r - - ~ - -
‘.': 'Except with Stylist: Jean C. Paul & Marsha (80) is the only learn in League 1 that has clinched a of division 211 should give the Marci liatcrs a serious Ice and aiLuayS keel) It SO/neplace no Ones lll‘ 01!] (O
’ playoff spot so far. The Bum-Brothers. led by challenge. The Brcw's Brothers lead the leaguein goals ( ‘ look. In an a[[_,na[e dOI-ln   to be:
del'ettscntcn Andy Martin and chl' Fredericks should scored (4‘)). Waste Product Hockey of division 2g with ‘ . ‘
go all the way again this year. Tire Buzz lead the leagtte Mike l-loft‘maitn and Chris Pulrevitz. two of the three I  LaUHd’y Ila/ilpelé-
BIENVENUE in both goals scored (67) and least goals given tip (l3). leading scorers iii the league should keep them com-     Whel-euer they keep [he C[ean linen.
MARSHA. DONNA. PAUL, Kn‘my' DMNE' MICHAEL, SHEm' Fch of the top six scores in the league are on the Buzz- petitive throughout the playoffs. Ttiff Darts 4 of divi- 3 B < I
CHRIS DAVID AND JEAN CLAUDE Brxtlhters. h h B B I h f sion 2h and ittcrfltlgsltflls of division lE’Irltliou'ldI be the ) ’OO/n C OSetS-
’ ' t oug t e uzz- rot tcrs are t c avoritcs. surprise teams.’ to ar torsc team is i o' ivisioii . . . ' ~ ) 
Detectors (5-2-l) could give them achalienge for the ti- 2g. Other teams that have a shot at the title. bttt have At Come“ Un'YerS‘ty you can enjoy a  In me.SUJdg (behlnd U18 WCbbk—l 5
tie. Sudden Dealh(5-i-l)ttre an outside shot. The dark not made the playoffs yet are Kaos (5-0-2) of division remarkable var'ely 0' courses and unabridged).
FREE PARKING IN THE WELLINGTON GARAGE ltorscs of the league are. Slippery When Wet (4-2-2) Zr and the Gladiators (4-2) of division 2g. learning Opponunllles- in a selling 0i  In the washer or (he (II-L er
0N How-rd Sheet-weir when “Full” Ilgn ll up. and Mother Puckcrs (5-2-1). The Mother Puckcrs. the _ beautiful lakes. parks. ravines. and J '
bi rest sur rise this year are a freshman team. The AMlA/Molson Challenge Cup series begins April it. waterfans. on can tum” re uirememsl ‘ .
"2 9"" s"“' :shiittld be trite team to beat in the future. y An All-star team consisting of players chosen from accelerate £0." degree program or Chlu'a'ceua!
Mum" N'” y‘"" in League 2. which consists of five division. with League 1 and 2 will tttake tip two teams that will rcprc- Sim ‘-
463‘69‘ , _ . . . I . _ . . ply take the courses that you ve
each divtston consisting of ‘0 teams. The too forrr sent Albany. In last years finals. the Albairy A tearrr alwa s m 0" "haca a small
8" Appol'mnu‘ learns in each division make the playoffs. The tirst defeated \lbany B team. This year Cortland. y p . ' . . ' .
place teams in eacltdivision are ranked one to five. the Bingltamton. Maritime. Sierra anti Onconla will he C°Sm9P°man C'Fy‘ '5 localed, In a
arnongthc scltools cotnpeting in the tournament. l l magn'i'cemv valled countrys'de that

 

 

 

 

. ray-ac. ;..,

 

HALL & OA'I'ES
at

Le Fat Cat

 

$.15 Bar Drinks
5." Bottle Beers

this Sunday. March lath
Admission s 3.00

 

Nome:

' i ' stttdctits involved. But the students Ithaca. New York 14853
'1    that do cotnc to the games are cx~ 507/255’4957
  trcttreinly loyal arid deserve a lot of
33 A  credit. Any student that finds time
i‘ '" . for other cvcnts. as well as keeping
1 '  5 One TICket Per Person academics as his first priority.
'I deserves a great-deal of credit."
    13 Although Moore is constantly   

trying to enhance l‘att support. he is
fairly satisfied with student intcrcst
ltcrc. “l‘vc found the interest ltct'c

 

Address:

is better than a lot of Division lll
schools. Naturally l'l like to make it
bettct'. But it's important for key

 

 

 

Telephone:

 
   

student leaders to get behind tltc
tcttnts, because the interest cotrtcs
ottt of student participation.“

 

 

 

 
 
 

Fill out and bring Sunday Night (HdA)

 

i-lopcfully, Moore can achieve his
general goal of an atmosphere filled
with student ctttlittsittsiri to go along
with an athletic department that
plttys a major pttrt in the lives of the
students and the community. l Ii

 

  

new rev.r-uum-month-rumunto-nut. v.1.“ .o t... - n .1. r . .4. .

 

at 250 Western Ave.
sponsors

A Pro-8t. Patrick’s I"
Celebration

on March 16th, 1983
From 10:00pm t/l 2:00am

Featuring Martha Gallagher playing Irish and
Traditional folk music

Captain Morgan Spiced Ftum $1.09 shots "

 

 

 

lfyou have a question. send it to me, care oﬁ'
Dear Aldo. Post Ollicc Box 639, New York. NY 10018.
O 0 [fl use it in my column. I'll send you a Celia Tsltt’rt.

Celia.

The light, refreshing wine with Sass.

I imported by lint-Jon Garlic-nu CoJ‘l Y..N.V. l‘JBLl . . » . .

 

 

 

 

 

