>-_.x

L"! .

 

18  ALBANYSTUDENT PRESS I 1 NOVEMBER_22,I983

Freshman Ursprung flies high in Albany debut

 

 

y Mark Levine
SI'ORTX lfIJl/‘tlk

When opponents come into
University Gym to la - the Albany
Great Danes this year. one of the
things they will be wondering is who
will be replacing Mike (iatto at the
small forward positiott. (iatto. a
three-year letterniatt atid co-captuin
in his senior year. tvas a bulky 6‘3"
with a soft touch front tire otttside.

When the Dnnes' starting five is
itrtrotlttced. the opponents are likely
to see (lane’s replacement and
latrgh. "Hey." they‘re likely to say.
"look at that skitrrry kid witlt ttre
lurtg arms tvearittg number 24 “MIN
playing small forward. That guy
couldn't get a rebotuttl if he tried all
night long."

Well. that skititty kid with the
long arms happened to grab 20 re-
lrtruntls iii the (ircttt Dancs' two tic-
tories for the ('rtpitttl District l'ortiv
namctit Championship tltis past
weekend. Albany opponents. ttrcct
Adam Ursprtrtig.

ltr tire Dnncs' ttpcllltlgvgtltllc \ic-
rory oter t'L'NY. Utspt’ttttg's I'irst
\arsity stttrt in art Albany ttnit'otm.
Ursprung pulled down It rebounds
to lead both sides irt tlrat depart-
ment. Altltorrglt lie ottly scored otrc
poittt he was a big reason the Danes
were able to coast to a 99-65 rottt.

 

 

 

BOB LUCKEV UPS

Freshman Adam Ursprung was the dominating player under the
boards as the Great Danes won the Capital District Tournament.

“He really helped us out." corn-
mented Tournament MVP Dantty
Crouticr following the opening
game. “His rebounding is going to
he a big plus to us."

Ursprung. a 6'4" freshman from
Catskill. NY. is tall enough to mix it
tip down low even though at first
glance he does not appear overly
physical. But what makes him such
a strong rebounder is ltis
unbelievable leaping ability. ()nc
game very soon. Ursprttng is going
to go up for a rebound arid a player
on the other team is going to look
tip and find Urspruttg‘s sneaker
soles staring ltlm in the eye.

"He really gets up there."
understated ccnlcr l’elc (itrstllc
after the CCNY win. “He takes
some of the pressure off me
underneath."

"i wanted it bad." tlrspr ring said
of his effort to pull down the ball.
Anyone who saw Urspruirg l‘riday
night knows he wasn't kidding.

One of the keys to stopping the
Union Dutchmen Saturday night
was the Danes" ability to wiit lllt.‘
battle of the boards. Altltottglt
Union had 2] rebounds to Albany's
t9 the Danes. und Ursprttttg in par-
ticrrlar. seemingly wort every key re-
bound and didn't allow Union‘s
Ken D'Orazio arid Kevin llartlctt to
control the glass.

"We knew going in we had to
keep Bartlett and D‘Orazio off the
boards." Gosule said.

Bartlett and D'Orazio botlt stand
around 6'6" and both are very
physical forces uttder the boards.
lint Saturday night. Ursprung was
the force. as ltc seemed to be
amtrnd the ball all night long.

With the score 5l-47 Albany anti
t:52 showing on the clock. Union‘s
Tim Diemm stepped to the litre and

 two foul shots. Ursprung
hauled in the rebound in heavy traf-
l'ic and Crosttle subsequently sank a
foul shot to ptrt Albany tip by live.

  

7
r3.

Moments later Ursprurrg picked
up an offensive rebotttrd and got
fouled. llis foul sltot put the Danes
up by 57-49. After Urriotr rusltetl
the ball upcourt attd D‘()rti/io tltissv
ed a sltot with 40 seconds remain-
ing. Urspr'ung reached wiry tip with
ltis let't hand and came down with
the rebottnd to ice the victory.
Anyone who saw it would .swcttr his
head l‘utirpctl into tltc rafters.

All in all it was it great weekend
for Ursprurrg and the (treat Dunes.
'l‘lrcy are off to a 2-0 start and the
rebounding. which was one of the
preseason question marks. may not
be so questionable after all. due in
large part to the skinny kid with the
long arms. i'l

Great Dane football 1983: A year to build upon

B ' Mart; Bermatt
.IHUI I.rlll..SI’URI\IllI/tlll

in retrospect. it was a season I‘ill-
ed with many disappointments and
frustrations and yet at the same
time it was a season that saw the
Danes contintrc to improve as each
week rolled by.

Allin all. though. it was a season
in wltich the Albany State football
team plrrmnietted to their worst
year record-wise. 3:7, becoming on-
ly the second team iti Danes history
to finish with a'losing record. and
the first since 1976.

llul does that 3-7 record acctttatc-
ly tell the wltolc stury'.’ Not by a
longslrtit. or at least according to
coaches around the divisiort. and in-
cluding Coach llob Ford. who all
agree that the Danes were a lot bet-
ter titan their 3-7 clip indicates. For

the fourth qtrarter began. Even
against rigorous corttpctitiott like
tttrtrtbet I'our»t‘ttnked llofstrtt (10-0)
and setctttlt-ranked Union (9-D.
the Danes litttig totrglr until tltc
fourth quarter.

The Danes w cruotrly down 7-] iii
the closing rttirrutcs agaittst llot‘stra.
before the game was blown wide
open. 20-].

The same held true at Utiioti. as
tltc Duties litrrtg touglt urrtii the final
session.

When Alltatty was triumphant.
which was scldonr. it was done iii a
commanding fashion. Two blowout
\ictorrcs otct litockport. Zti-t). and
Mario. 4K7 itt tlicit fittal game.
were dominating \iclorics. lttrl
carrrc against weak cltrbs.

the Dancs‘ other tictory. over a
strong Ditis'ion ll squad itr
Southern ('onnccticnt. 22-16. had

 

“They never cashed in their marbles
as players of lesser character might
have done. I ’1! tell you, they had
every reason to. ”

-—Bob Ford

 

instance. not many 3-7 football
teams could boast that they
outscorcd their opponents
cumulatively l76-l5li.

“We weren't blown otrt of any
ballgames." srtid Ford referring to
that itttcrcslittg statistic. “We were
always right there iii the Ioorth
quarter."

Dttrittg their four garlic losing
streak which saw thctn lose to (‘t*r~
tland, Norwich. Alfred and lint-
fnlo. by an average margin of defeat
of three points. the outcome
could‘vc gone the either way in the
final ntirtutc.

“We jttst didn't do the things
good football tctitns do. like avoid
penalties and turnovers." cont-
mcntcd f‘ord referring to the four
game losing streak. “We just fell
apart in the Ioortlr quarter.

Except for the Dancs' horrible
debttt against ltliactt. there wasn't a
contest Alhatry wasn't otrt of wlictt

to be the season's highlight. the
win showed the first real signs of
life from thc.uttti| then. ittcpt of-
fcnsc.

. it also tttarkcd the game when
sophomore quarterback Mike
Milano showed that he wasn‘t ittst
atiotlrct sophomore quarterback.

Milatto tirade his first start lit the
tltirtl garlic ol' the \‘tlstlll replacing
\ctcrtrn 'lottr Roth. who had failed
to get the Danes iii the end/one In
his lit'st two starts.

Though the Ditties scored 28
points against a suspect llrockport
dct'ctisc. there still were reservations
regarding Milano.

The very nest week versus Union.
Miluno and the Dane ol'l‘cnsc were
completely dominated by a
ferocious Dutchmen del'cttsc. who
lrcltl Albany State's total offensive
production to under |t)ti yards.

llut against Southern (‘onncc-
Ilcut. Milano's intptotettient was

evidenced. as he led the Danes to an
upset victory 22-16. displaying his
equal ability of running and pass-
ittg. Milano's progress seemed to
radiate throughout the wltole of-
fense. especially the line play.

The offensive frottt. which was
decimated through injuries into a
very young. small. arttl inexperienc-
cd group. began to mold together as
a trait led by juniors .lolrtt
“Sawnuttr” Sawchtrck and 'lotir
Jacobs. Miltttio was allowed enough
protection enabling him to ulili/c
his otttstanding reccir ‘tie corps cott-
sisting of llob . .cn. l’ctct
Mctirath. and John Dotrnely.

And it was at tnidscnson when the
Datics opted to put the ball tip in
the air more. itr constrnst to Ford's
established ball control wishbone
rtnrnitrg attack that had been
ptcvalcttt iii the H years of Albany
State football.

As it result. Milttno broke a
number of Danes passing records
including season yardage. attempts.
and completions. -

“Miltttio was getting better caclt
week because his confidence kept
building.“ said l-ord. "Ileirig a
young l'cllow lie was irttolved iii a
pivotal position of leadership. lle
tirade sortie mistakes. bttt he trcvcr
made those mistakes twice.“

lint conversely. as tltc Dancs‘ of-
fense started to move the ball more
consistently. tltc defense sccmcd to
fall into a slump.

ltt bttck~to-bztck hotnc game
losses. tltc Danes' defense was
unable to stop their opponents‘
final drives. costirtg tltctrr the \lC-
Iory.

Norwich spoiled Albany‘s
horitccomitrg. by cotttitrg from
behind to trpenil the Danes. “<27.
on an il-yurd touchdown pass with
48 sccorrds rcmaining. lht- sctrtittg
puss capped a nailbititig liltttl drive
that saw the ('achs convctt two
fourth down situations ittto first
downs.

if the Norwich game can be call-
cd rt heartbreaket. the nest week's
contest against Alfred was grounds
for suicide. Not only did the Stisoris
score it touchdown iii the final
tiiiiitite on a flea-flicker pass to their
quarterback (ilcn law. htrt then the
Saxons converted a 2—point conver—
sion resulting because of u l)tlttcs'

 

 

. . a J
r 3:»;- .
‘\\f3 :1;
i . »

 

 

ED MARUSSICH UPS

Sophmore quarterback Mike Milano was one of a number of bud-
ding stars in the lootball team's rebuilding 1983 campaign.

ririsscd tackle. givitt'g All't'cd a 22-2]
llllttltpll.

liut it wasn‘t the Danes‘ dcl‘ctisc
alone that could he blunted for the
losses. lltc Danes‘ ol't'cnsc had a
cltatice to ptrt the game out of reach
iii the fourth quarter but failed to
do so because of turnovers arid
penalties.

"it shouldn't have bectt a ball
game." said Milatto iii the
lockcroom following the Alfred
loss. "We slttruld‘ve blowtt tlrctir
out iii the fourth qttarter. ltlritik so-
mconc has got lltc hortrs oti its this
yea 

Those horns stayed with the
Dattes the following week vctstrs
llttl'falo. Without Milano. who suf-

 

t'crcd art injury in the first halt". tltc
Danes ctrt thc llulls' Icad'to l5-l3
with a last minute touchdown. ()n
the ensuing otisidc kick. Albany
had apparently recotcretl tltc bttll.
llowetcr. the referees ruled the brill
was first touched by a Dunc player
before it went the rcqtiirctl ll) yards.
Thus the hull arid the gattic were
awarded to lluffalo.

lt secured only itrslicc that the
Duties were able to close out llicit
season iti style the following week.

Appearing to take out all their
frustrations on poor Marist. tltc
Dunes clobbct‘ctl the Red Foxes lit-7
on a very solid performance turned
lit by the offensive litre. whom gave

17>

 

 

By Mark WilEard

Mall} "1" IE

_______———————_

The Albany State women's basketball
team opened up the l983-84 season with a
convincing 65-59 victory over the College of
St. Rese last Saturday.

Wilhelmena "Rainny" Lesane led the
women cagers with a solid offensive perfor-
mance. Lcsane had 15 points. but more im-
portant to the learn were her to assists. Her
precision passes to teammates enabled the
Danes to connect on a couple of key baskets.

Albany llead (‘oaclt Mari Warner was
pleased with Lesatre's performance. “Rainny
ltad more turnovers than she typically does.
but due to the fact that site played the entire
grime (40 minutes). this was
understandable." commented Warner.
“Rainny showed her maturity by coming
through when we needed her."

Kim Kosttlek also had a fine grime. lltc
5'10" freshman led tltc Danes iii the reboun-
dittg department with ll. Kosalek helped the
Datrcs build a [4-6 lead early in tire first ball
when her two steals led to Albttrty baskets.
She added sis poittts. prontpling Warner to
comment. "We need more offensively front
lrcr iii the future. ()tcrall. she did a good job
otrt there."

Allrtrtry had their biggest lead of the first
half at 26-14. thanks to n l.esanc steal and en-
suing lay-up. llrtt (‘SR closed tltc nrrugrritr to
seven. arid the Duties needed a ntorrtcrtrurir
liuildcr leading into half-time.

it was lltrrb Sltiplcy who gave Albatry a big
lift. She hit two big baskets right treat the end
of the first half to allow the Danes to go Illlti
the lockerooni with tt 34-2] lead.

“We needed that." said Warner oI
Shipley's big four points. "She did a Iricc job
coming in."

CSR trittttricd tlte lettd to 36-28 iii the first 3
minutes of half number ttvo. The ttrotticnlurrt
ritigltt ltavc been ttirtiiitg. so Warner signaled
time ottt for ltcr young team.

Lesanc their took over. First. site hit two

free throws. making it 38-28. A couple of
steals later. pltts an assist to Dane forward
Peg Squat/o enabled the Danes to exert cont-
mand again with a 42-28 l‘ad.

Albany continued to apply pressure and
opened tip their biggest lead of the game.
55-40. with 8:12 left to play. llirt the Danes
became sloppy. and their turnovers allowed
St. Rose to cliirtb back into the grttrte.

“We had sivteen turnovers." stated
Warner. “I was pleased with that figure. birt
ottr offense became \cry stagttnttt itr that sc-
cottd half. We just didn‘t get the motion we
needed."

Witlt 4:l7 left. the (heat Datre lead was
only S7-5l. Albany responded with some
tigltt dcl‘cnse atrd cartre away with a 65-59
wrn.

Albany's game plan centered around
lcsanc. As the point guard. lcsatre dictates
tltc play. ('SR slrttt lrct oil iii the second half.

"I'Ircy ((‘Sltr tried to deny Raituty the
ball." pointed out \\';ttttct. “WC itrsl tlitltt'l
adapt to that."

[lie Duties had hoped to shut down (\R‘s
big play sctrtct. Dcturrr (item. No such luck.
(itcco led ('HR with Iii points. Warner said.
"lhat‘s a typical t'.tlllU lot her. We would
have liked to ctrt llt'l down. httt she has it tc.r|
qttick rump slrot tlrrrt's hard to stop."

It‘s lr.trd to talk about tctttn character this
early ill the season. but it's safe to say lllls
yc. ‘s sqtitrtl possesses plenty or it. they licltl
off a litrrous (HR surge til the closing
minutes. prompting Warner to state. "l'ltty-
ing pressured this early lit the ycrtt will help
us." Keep an cyc on the wotrtetr (tigers.
You‘ll be lrcturng tr lot about thctn.(r

 

FAST lllil'lAKS: Warner was pleased with
the well-balanced scoring. lrt tltltllllttll to
l.t-sune's l5 points. Ronnie Patterson ltrtd ll
tirirl .lt-ttu Pollock lltltl tll...Allitttty played
willtoul tltt' scrtlces of S'll" center Nitric)
(irttsso. who injured her knee iii a scrirttmttge
rt \H‘l‘ly' prior to the (‘SR gritttt'...llotne
opener is tonight against ltl'l at (will).

NOVEMBER 22, I983 D 'ALBANY STUDENT PRESS  

Women cagers open with win over Saint Rose

 

 

 

 

ED MARUSSICN UPS

Sophomore point guard Ralnny Lesene scored 15 points and handed out 10
assists as the women cagers opened with a 65-59 win over Saint Rose Saturday.

JV Danes take first in Schenectady tournament

 

lly Dean Chang
Illllrtkldl. ' tsr, w

Tire Albany State men’s junior varsity
basketball tcntri staged a spectacular second
half comeback to win 62-60. against Sctiircc-
lady Community College to capture the first
annual Schenectady CC Invitational Iouttta-
meat on Saturday.

The Danes were dotvti by as much as l7
points in the second half. mostly because ot
the lack of strength utrdcr the boards.
Schenectady was controlling the of'cnsivc
boards up to that point. getting three or tour
shots at a tirrrc. Sclrncctndy was also ct'tcctitc
itr discouraging tltc Danes from going inside
to their big titan, Chris Jones. The first few

times that .lotics had llrc ball inside. Ire trstrtrl-
ly produced.

llcad (’ouch .lrtn Ilolarttl had to find tr way
to disrrrpt .‘s‘clicucctady‘s moirtcntuttr. llc
resorted to .t I'ttllt'ottrt ptcss, tr dcl'cnsitc tric-
tic that wasn‘t strcccsslul iii the first hall. btit
was working to pcrlcctrorr iii the second half.
lltc press caused trrrnrctons turnovers. some
ttl \\ltit‘lt lctl lo '\ll\i||l) littslscls.

()llcnsrtcly. the l).tllL‘\ were stifled by
’s'clttrt-ctrtdy‘s l'l'l Iottc defense. l \plrritrcd
lloland. "We didn‘t play ; inst tltc lrl-l irr
practice. so it took :r wlrilc tot us to get used
toil." It the \t'L'tltttl ltrill. Albany ctrmc out
and worked ptttrctttly against the Attic. cvcrr~
ltittlly litrdingI ways to hurt it. Sclrttccttrdy's
coach then tirade it grate tactical t'llttl ll)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

UP?-

The JV basketball team overcame a 17-point deficit to defeat Schnectady Com-
munity College in the finals of the SCC Tournament. 82-60.

stvitcltittg to tire I] lone. “if t was Schncc-
lady‘s coach. l iictcr worrld have switched
from the l-l-l." said llolartd. “()ur offense
is tailor tirade tor the 2-} and the 3—2. which
they llrrew ill at titrrcs '\llt‘l tltc first ltttlf. we
.rdjustctl out olfcnst- a...rrrrst tlrcir l-IH. We
were fairly successlul. btrt not enough so that
tltcy should change rottcs.”

Hcltrtcctady \.l\\ ll\ tornicr l7-poitit lend
tl\\itttllt‘ down to eight points with cigltt
riiiritrtcs showing on lltc clock. lhcrr coach
decided to go to it delay olt'cnsc. bttt the mov-
ctl backfired. Dotttrc ('orlcy. who had five
sictlls iii the game. picked oft .i puss arid gave
it to .t tcrtnrnttrtc tor the crrsy two. The game
was clearly ttrrtiittg tltc other way. and tire
partisan thl\\tl could sense it. l'ltc l'tiirs ex-
horted tlrcit Schenectady team on. btrt with
ittsl over two minutes left. the gatiic \vtts
deadlocked ut 5N. truce again Schncctudy
ttcnt into a stall. trying to kill the clock for

 

one last shot, (lncc again. the move
backfired.
Andy ()'('o|tltcll. whose shooting

frustrated tltc Schenectady mire dcl‘ensc.
gatrrblcd for it steal and won. O'Connell
committed hirnsclt and crime tip with tlte
ball. He threw it lead pztss to L'ot‘lcy. who
promptly drove for a lay-tip to pttt tltc Danes
on top for gootl.

()‘Conncll. who was playing .rt the top of
the Danes' rotte. said that be anticipated the
pit. “They were making that pass to the
wing all night.“ said ()‘Contrcll. "i had a
feeling that the pass wits going to be there."
()‘L‘onticll saved lllt.‘ ball from guitig out of
rounds and threw it to ('otlcy itt one sweep-
ng motion. "I didn‘t kriotv who was up
there." said ()‘(‘ontiell. “i just saw the jersey
color and threw it in that direction."

Despite winning tltc tournament. one glar-
ing w -akncss of lltc Danes became apparent:

'lllt.‘ inability to dominate tlrc boards. The
Danes were constantly lteitig boxed out; lltc
learn had only four offensive rebounds
against Scltttcctudy. The team's rebounding
problem would ltavc been eased slightly if

 

starting forward L‘urlis ()litet' played against
Schncctady. ()livet missed the game because
of medical reasons.

Another problem was that the Danes
couldn‘t scetti to find .lotics inside. even
though he appeared open at tittrcs. instead of
going inside. the players settled for outside
jump shots. That is something that (‘ottcli
llolnnd will have to work on.

leading the tcztni itt scoring was co-captaiti
(‘otlcy. who finished with a gttlttc‘lllyllt It)
pttlnls. (r‘t‘ontrell scored IS poiitts shooting
scten lot lAi front the field. .loties chipped in
ltl points.

 

lit the qualif, rig game on today. Albany
disposed of Albany l’lrarmacy. til-ti}. The
game was much closer than the score iti-
dicatcs. \\ itlt less than fi\c minutes to play.
lltc Danes only led by tltrcc. (til-57. Pharmacy
was forced to foul, hoping for some misses
on the trout etid of the oncatnd-one foul
sliots. those misses never came.

“We played very well that game. ‘ assess-
cd liolartd. "lt wits a good team effort. r all
i] then saw action." ('orlcy led the team with
22 poitrts. ()Iiver threw in l‘) points. arid
.Iottcs contributed 15 points.

(‘orlcy was named to the totrrntmrcnt all-
stat' tcatir. along with Jones. who also was
tabbed as the tournament MVP. “Tire two
players tvct'c equally deserving of the MVP
award" said Bolantl. “it had to be one of
tlrcttt. l'ttr just surprised that they didn't
namc Andy to the all-star team."

 

Tltc bcticlr also accounted for some strong
pct't‘ortrrances; .iohn Gore turned itt one of
the trtore notable ones. ".lollll played a hell
of a second half." said Boland. "When you
ill out tlte etrtirc first half as .loltn did. it's a
lot tougher to do well. lint John did the
job."

lioland gave credit to the team for the
t'cinarknlc comeback. “All the coaching irt
the world wouldn‘t lutve brought the team
back." said liotaud. “it‘s their comeback:
they showed their grits otrt there tottiglrl."l l

.<

 

