   

JV». .

r
r
1.

   

r
l
i
l
r

 

r

"a is; cruxtxaa.m.%w.

Stop the games

   

:emmmte'

and began ,to make my way up through the

I O ver a year ago i left my job as a sports reporter
ASP hierarchy.‘ i thought when i left the

g sports sectionnl would no longer have to report on

games.

However. the games have continLied.

The games l have written about as editor have been
played by university officials rather than athletes.
The object has been deception.

During the past semester Task Forces on alcohol
policy and bus fee alternatives have been meeting
behind closed doors, barring student media, and
therefore all students. from any knowledge of their
proceedings. The two groups have been discussing
issues central to Albany State students and yet they
have chosen to play hide and seek with their findings.
“’5 disappointing that leaders of this university have
chosen to be so aloof.

 

Aside from the fact that the task force policy

represents all which is contrary to the democratic
ideals of a public ttniversity. it now seemsclcar that
the is also being violated. The Freedom oi lnlorma-
tion Law governs rigltts of access to government
records (including the minutes of meetings at a publtc
institution). while the Open Meetings Law concerns
the conduct of meetittgs of public bodies and the
right to attend those meetings. The university has
placed itself above tltcsc stattttes by saying that
neither law applies to the task forces. I

Not only the ASP has called attention to these tn-
justices. Robert Freeman, executive director of the
New York State Committee on Open Government
and the foremost authority on titese regulations, ltas
also condemned these practices. in a recent Knicker.
backer news article Freeman said that the meetings
should be open to students.

The gamcsmanship of the administration is also
found in the halls of residential life. The ltcads of this

  
  
 
 
 
 
     

organization have adopted an unofficial policy in
which they refuse to comment upon any story man.
for publication in the ASP. Less than one week ago
residence officials denied ASP reporters arty tutor.
mation regarding a fire on Alumni Quad. Isn‘t it ab.
strrd that we should be shut out of information which
directly concerns our everyday lives?

Yes. it is an absurd and sadly unnecessary
obstacle. Here is where the media arid administration
should be working closest together rather titan in
such inane opposition.

Productive communication has been tr part of in"
not so distant past. A minority affairs weekend this
past summer provided an atmosphere or mp0”.
sivcness and mutual respect among minority gruups‘
campus media and the administration. [l was an ex.
ample of the kind of positive accomplishment that
can be made when the games are left at home.

As editor l have tried to expose some of the gamer
going on. l leave with optimism and a very real sense
of growth. l have a lot of pride in this newspaper,
and i am confident that the tradition of prot‘cs.
sionalism will continue.

 cvb€\ } only

 

 

COLUMN

Peace, through strength

I've often been asked why I joined ROTC. but never so
often as since the movie “The Day After" was broadcast
on November 20. My personal opposition to nuclear arms
is well known among my close friends. and it’s hard for
them to reconcile my attitudes and my choice of occupa-
tion. I'm sure my recent comments that were included in
Heidi Gralla's article about reaction to “The Day After”
didn’t help any. So. let me try again. . .

LlLrandon E. Fletcher

First. why did ljoin ROTC? My belief in the obligation
of all citizens (of any relatively free nation) to contribute to
the ongoing process qfsal'e-guarding that nation's liberties
and hence its security is a strong one, and i found that
ROTC was a way for me to make that contribution.

ROTC provides an important part of the army's officer
corp. and gives the army a nucleus of liberally schooled of-
ficers to complement and open up its role in the policy im-
plementation process. While the army does not form
policy. it is responsible for advising those who do on its
capabilities. More importantly. the army must be able to
shape itselfand its abilities to meet the challenges built of a
modern political situation and an increased role in society.
ROTC provides the army (and all the services) with trained.
professional leaders who have as a result of their civilian
schooling. a perspective different from academy trained of-
ficers; hence the army has a wider information base from
which to make decisions.

 

So how can I be in ROTC and against nuclear weapons at ‘

the same time? Doesn't the army have nuclear weapons?
Didn't i take an oath that says I must obey all lawful orders
of my superiors? Of course I must obey those orders. But
that does not stop me. or anyone else in the army from ex-

cercising their rights to participate responsibly itt the
political process. as long as no conflict of interest results
that would degrade discipline. If i did face that conflict. it
would be my duty to resign my commision. But until i am
in the situation. i can act on my beliefs just like anyone
else.

Anyone who is aware of the tremendous destructive
potential of nuclear weaponry cannot responsibly be sup-
portive of their ttsc. There is no moral or critical justifica-
tion for anyone to have available the ability to cause

‘ destruction ofthat magnitude. But today. dttc to the posse-

sion by the major powers. of these weapons. and the tense.
adversarial situation they are in. it is felt by both sides that
they are needed to maintain peace.

1 atn in no position. witlt the lintitcd amount of
knowledge 1 have about world history. to dissect the ways
and \vhcrei'ores that led to the arms race. llut i do know
that the present situation. with each side of the bargaining
table stubbornly refusing to look at the other side's
perspective attd background (this goes for botlt the
U.S./U.S.S.R. negotiations. and Iltc right/left debate in
this country) is an unl'orgivcahlc . v of ignorance and
pride. The problem of disarming is an immcnsly complex
one. as well as very prcssittg. With so many nations so
tcnsc. keyed up. and distrustfttl. tltc question must be asked
“How do we maintain some semblance of stability once tltc
deterencc factor of nuclear weapons is gone?"

The consequences of. and problems connected witlt. a
world without nuclear arms are a real conecrtt. There is a
clear need for an increased ability to react to conventional
threats with a conventional response. and so successfully
that the national command authority would never feel it
essential to employ weapons of mass destruction. The abili-
ty to disarm smaller nations is also a real problem. I'm not
nearly as worried about the US. or Soviet Union as i am

about countries like lsrael. South Africa. Pakistan. or
Libya. et. al.. who have the ability to prodttcc. or access to
nuclear weaponry.

it is obvious that simplistic. dogmatic calls Int tree/es.
disarmament. or buildup will not do. This is a complicated.
touchy situation that will require wisdom. insight. patience.
and a realization ol' the scriortsness of the ptcscttl world
balance. and tire problems of the conflicting goals of the
superpowers. As Anthony Lewis said itt a recent tilllllllll itt
The New York Times (NYT Nov 24. l983)  . . \\t' tlntrot
have to like tltc Soviet Union, but we must rc~pcrt tn ptmct
if we want to have realistic rr-Irrrions. . . "

So l contribute my time to the military, not because i like
war. or because l‘tn a rightwing reactionary. litll tux-tinsel
believe that one of the prime concerns of the run It! rt tllsttl-
matnent. if people do not have confidence that .r utrtltl»
scale conventional conllict can be avoided \lll\'L’ \tr‘ rib-ill".
they will not support nuclear disarmament. So It the .rrrrry
can be made strong enough to provide sound} through
conventional means, and the leaders cotttinccrl oi Ilttil.
perhaps disarmament cart begin. 1 hope that if m- can build
the army's strength attd its ability to deal with tlIIL'rltw. “0
can convince the nation’s leaders that wcnprrrn rrt' tttttss
destruction need not be ttscd.

Perhaps another thing the world powers can do is lune
all disarmament conferences at iliroshinur ot Ntrt’thuii-ll
w. rld sudden me to think the lesson of two destrmt-rt cities

is not enough. Do we need another? (‘trn \\c trtl‘ottl '

another? l thirtk not. for this time we miqu be tltslttll'k‘d li)‘
the experience rather than learn frotn it.

The views expressed in this column are soley lltttsc of the
author and do not represent the policies or optntons oi tltc
United States Army or the Department of Dclcnsc.

 

 

WHeN I Was r2 a
ROCKeT HIT MY

GRaNDPaRegTs. I
waNTeD v

RaeLté.

 

Now I’M rs, out)
I ReaLtze “mar
tT’a FUTiLe To

 

 
 
  

To KiLL
animus.

arng In:

HOCKV "rd.
News - NEA can

wrterr I was 6 Watt mass . wueN I was 9 Sgkeelr’gﬁiles

a oneuaoe MoRTaR‘é ear MY waRPLaNes so NtLL turf3 635‘
Kill-GD MY MoTrteR. Patties. r warlike areaFeD MY wrote.

I waNTeD To To KILL nurse. I warrreo To KiLL

Kill- Pttatausrsrs. .- I '

  
 

l i "If he " -. > V ' ’3 V
I 005T WaNT THEY PReveN-r them We . ’
To KiLL. aegggeﬁaon mowttte oustist $5,105.; _w ’LL Do
' g - “Y D°' titers evtt. ways, '7 FOR
‘4'” We- or us. THeM.

 

 

      

Trtey souaNDeR Tuev SPY 0N
THerR weaLTtt TttetR OWN
on armaments. cttheus.
50 Wild. We. 50 thL We.

     

  

"A 110"]!

 

st December 9, 1983 OXOX—X

 

 

 Homeless Waif
Doomed To

Loveless Life?

 

 

 

 

  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  

 

   

NON ¢

Aspects Pa

I

 

, mqumen

rody Issue

 

Is T

  
  

 

 

Abi

(1’. ,."

et

  

The W Accounts 0!
People Who Have

 

Returned From The Livi

  
    

.

 

 

The Durschlag
Plan

 

 

Is Thisise‘7

 

r

   
     
 
 

.....wo<r-..m.  »

.. 2.... a...“

 
  
 

  

      
    
   
       
    
    
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
    
  
  

 

  
 

   

‘ dew X“ ~
Fallow Prmce  Morris And The Mafia?
In His 1983

The Catty T

q

Adventures

 

 

 

 

 

