  
 

 

 

.. t... w'v~~-

by Gail Merrell

Are there any serious college students
to be found in America today? And for
that matter, were there ever any in the.
first place? To solve that mystery our,
research team found itself in Long,
island, speaking with Charles, a Senior
Consultant at a major computer cor-
poration. Charles is of middling height,i
but with a thin frame and small, in-’
telllgent eyes.|

Charles began his college career In
Cornell University in the early 50's and
finished at Brooklyn Polytechnic with an i
engineering degree. He claims to have
been an education-oriented student.
citing his educational accomplishments
outside of the engineering field. Besides
the fact that he Is a self-taught computer-
programmer, Charles knows Frenchj
and Spanish. worked on a novel. Is at
former president of the Village Camera.
Club, dabbies in oil paints and sket-
ching. tunes up cars. is a history buff,
plays clarinet. piano, saxophone (both
alto and tenor) and ukelele. and does
windows.

Despite his impressive list of educa-
‘tional accomplishments, he does not
feel that he was the exception rather
than the rule at college.

Unmaskin

   

 

 

 

“l remember when l went to school i}
took one big suitcase and it contained all
of the clothes and everything I was go-
ing to have with me for the year. No
one had refrigerators or TVs, since TVs
were just coming in and all you could
watch were roller derbies. This was a
long time ago. No one had posters on
the walls; they were just white. Can you
believe it? Nobody went around feeling
deprived; we didn't think there was
anything wrong with this. if you wanted
to study there were far fewer distrac-
tions. '

“There wasn't music blasting in the
halls. One guy on the floor had a
phonograph that you attached to your
radio, Columbia had just come out with
331/3 rpm records. It just played the
records and had wires coming out of the
back; they didn't even have
loudspeakers.

“The people i knew were all in-
terested in learning and studying. i went '
to engineering school and if you didn't
study, you flunked out. There was no
“reason to be in engineering school if you
weren't going to study."

The school that Charles' daughter at-
tends is the State University of New
York at Albany and it was here that our
crew found a student that was eager to
learn.

We tracked down Brian after noticing
him reading a book, following him into
his apartment on State Street. Once in~
side, we found that Brian's studio
mimicked the dorm rooms of the 50's
college student that Charles had
described to us. in it is a large bookshelf
that is home to his many books. His
oversized desk is drowning in papers,
while the floor covering is day-old issues
of The New York Times. A worn chair,
draped with drab clothing and scream-
ing white ballet shoes. stands before a
small poster publicizing Amnesty inter-
national. The rest of the walls are bare.
There is no TV,

Brian does. however, own a stereo,
but admits he ls getting away from his
generation's passion for rock 'n' roll and
is moving on to more complex and
sophisticated music,

"l'm getting away from rock 'n' roll.
l'm still interested in rock, but i like fu-
sion, classical. Beethoven, l'm in-
terested in Bach. too. i think that it's
hypnotic."

He seemed to be a genuinely
education-oriented student. even as far

his guitar and amp placed haphazardly
on the floor. Brian quickly explained,
however. that the type of music he
plays ls ". . .soothing. At this point 1
pick up a guitar to soothe myself. It's .
just a mental exercise."

Brian lives alone because “i just enjoy
personal space." His mind Is always ac-
live. “instead of getting my work done i
sit on my bed and think. i suppose. But
i enjoy that a lot. Without being
egotistical, i enjoy being myself.

"i do write‘ a lot. i guess i still read
more than i write. although i do keep a
journal. it's more of a retrospective jour-
nal, it's more of an analytical journal to
try to understand what past events
meant. what they were. i think it's hard
to encompass your present life and your
present circumstances because it's so
hard to see that when you're in the thick
of It. it's therapeutic. Even in the jour-
nal, i try to poke fun at myself. 1 like to
look back. and it's there. i deal an even
hand."

He admits that he still reads more
than he writes. ". . .Ulysses is a master-
piece. Joyce ls caught up in the human
condition. i swear after reading Ulysses
It was frustrating when i would speak to
someone; there would be like a dual
monologue. it went on to the point
where i would actually see the print of

 

as music Is concerned. until we noticed

my own thoughts as it was in Ulysses."

"It's like somebody saying ‘I wanna go'to Europe.’ It's

 

.I‘

Does Brian, we wondered. incor-
porate everything into his education?

“i feel like there's not much else left
for us to do. it's funny, it depresses me
that so many professors are so arrogant
and, there's a belief that we have
nothing left to learn in any area and i
think too many professors adopt that. i
mean, of course, they won't admit it.
That's a general statement and there are
exceptions, but i think it‘s sad now that
some pedple teach us while they
themselves are not open to ideas."

Another education-oriented student
that we found at SUNY-Albany was
Dave. We discovered Dave proclaiming
the virtues of existential love while on
his way to his Chinese Philosophy class.
Dave got very excited when we asked
him if he felt he was at school for the
sake of edt'catlon. He calmed down
considerably, however, when we men-
tioned how Charles had equated study-
ing hard with educating oneself.

“i ended up taking five courses last
semester. all of which required papers.
it's not possible for me to turn out
papers on command. i really feel that l
have to do quality work, that l'm
creating something substantial. lguess.”

Speaking of not turning out material
on command. we asked Dave about the
truth to the rumor that he walked out on
a final that he wasn't enjoying.

 
 

e MythOfCo

  
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
  

'l wanna go to college.’ "

“it was the last of four finals. , i
wound up feeling disillusioned about
the whole process of one—week
memorization and regurgitation. i really
feel that anything i write seriously
should contribute to my education and
help actualize my potential. l was just so
weakened by what i hated doing so
much that i didn't have the strength to
do it again."

Dave is somewhat of a campus
celebrity, first garnering attention when
he showed up to his classes in a long red
mohawk. But that was a year ago. and
today he wears a head of soft red curls.
Among his more interesting clothes is n
shirt and skirt from Kenya (“i went thew
to visit my best friend, who had called
me the week before front Uganda") and
a flaming peach jacket that can “go with
me anywhere." Although he is wall over
six feet, Dave Is as soft and cuddly us a
teddy bear.

We were able to obtain a list of his
weird papers, being shown for the first
time ever. We begin with the infamous
C’lllque 0f Jean-Paul Sartre ’s [infin-
Phllosophy. “This is the first paper I
‘ever wrote, and It was a critique of one

of Sartre's philosophical treatises. l
lhOUthl had Sartre on that one. i got a
D on the paper." Undaunted, he went
on to create a parable tn the Jalnist
"with". which was handed in a mere

 

three weeks late. Jainism Is "an obscure

Helge duation Todanr

 

" z\:( 5m;

at.

 

‘1'
i
l
l

 

0. mm «twat-NM». t

 

 
 

12' .c'qtnm . .

 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
   
    
  
   

“I remember when I went to school. . . there were far fewer distractions."

Indian religion, in which the practi-
tioners walk around unciothed. sweep-
ing the ground in front of them to avoid
harming any other life-beings, which
would violate the principle of universal
consciousness."

The rest are almost self-explanatory
or self-confusing, as the case may be.
There was the Existential Adoptions of
Romeo and .Juliet and Casablanca.
which tested the ropes by coming in six
weeks late. Coming in at the three-week
late mark was The Biblical Conception
of War. His masterpiece, however, was
his Joycean Adaptation of a Passover
Sedar, which. assigned a year-and-a-
half ago, has yet to be handed ln.

in the works for Dave are A
Phenomenology of Kindness, A Freu-
dian Analysis 0/ “Archie” or "Super-
man" and The Metaphysics of Dental
Hygelne.

Contrary to Dave's interest in
philosophy and theory is Teri’s interest
in the communications field. Our crew
came upon Teri by accident on the third
floor of the SUNY library, where she
was working on a paper. Her small. thin
face nods up and down to overem-
phasize the finality of her opinions.

“I would hate to see education get too
vocational. i would think if you're
young and you have your major so
definitely planned it's bad. One of a stu-

 

.dent's biggest complaints is that 'l can't
use anything i learned on the outside.’
‘There's got to be more courses geared
'toward the world; it's gotta apply
more. . .l'm not arguing that theories
aren’t important. but courses have to be
applicable."

Teri then proceeded to inform us of
her educational goals. The conditioning
has been successful — she speaks in
.proper “rough draft" form. . .

“My purpose here is three-fold: one,
academic. But by that i mean things that
don't apply directly to a job but are very
important. like English. Two, social.
Three, environmental. Where you can
apply what you've learned to a working
environment, the practical things."

Teri asked us to come to her apart-
ment. located within the student ghetto.

When we sat down with Teri at her
plastic yellow-and'white-checked
tablecloth, her apartmentmate Caryn
decided to join us. Sensing a lull in the
coversatlon. Caryn complained.
“Reagan is so anti~education — he's
ruining everything."

Teri snapped her head around to em-
phasize a new idea. “i think students are
more interested in grades than educaﬁ
tlon. l'm more interested in grades."

Caryn agreed, saying that "education
Is Just a means to an end."

It got very quiet as the two started

i
l
I

thinking about their grades. “What's a
cum laude?" “3.0, What's higher, sum-
ma or magna? Look, it’s the laude that's
important. That's what goes on your
resume."

Through Teri we were able to meet
Rob, who graduated from Albany State
a year and a half ago. Rob is well-
educated, with his knowledge ranging
from Monets and Mondrians to Reagan
and Russians. Rob was easily the most
popular guy in the class of '82; he can
imitate anyone from Bill Murray to Elvis
Costello.

Throught the yelps, the rolled "r's,"
the whimpers and the assorted laughs
come his thoughts on education. Rob
admits that although he could not have
learned much of what he knows outside
of school. his main venue for learning
‘was not the classroom.

"My main purpose at college was
education both in and out of classes,
because i realized that to do what i
'wanted to do, i couldn't learn that much
'in classes. i had to go for practical ex-
perience. . i wanted to be a pearl diver
and, no, i wanted to work on e
Emagazine and i wanted to write. . .and
if you take literature classes it helps you
'to write. However, if you want to learn
:productlott and editing, the best thing to
do is to work at the ASP, here. and get

 

imorc practical experience elsewhere.

How does Rob view college?

"'. . .college is what you make of it. You
Iknow there are people who really hate
.going to school and people who really

love it. l'm one of the people who really

lloves it. i don't think that there's too

much of a concentration on grades;
that's an individual thing as well. i didn't
really think about that so much. it
depends. it completely depends, on the
professor. i had some professors that
were uninspiring and others that were
Just fantastic. For literature classes it
depends on what you’re reading, and
how the professors help you to interpret
things. l'm glad that i didn't have classes
that were required. ln"a way, I think it's
very good: i think people should have
to take certain classes, but if l had to do
that. l would have been forced to take
things like math. i took forty minutes of

'math at this university, and after twenty

minutes I was asleep."
Now that you are working on a

magazine, do you ever miss taking col-‘

lege courses?

"There are a load of course that I wish
i could take. weird courses like Chinese,
which you have to take every single day
or something. if i went back to school, i
would go back because classes inspire
me to do things, like a class would in-
spire me to read a certain book or
something. i don't think i was a very
class educational-oriented student. One
of the least important things seemed to
be going to classes."

50. if classes themselves don't

stimulate Rob, what does? "i guess it's
just a burning curiosity, l’m a naturally
curious person. And i want to find out,
not because i want to participate in the
conversation at the men's club on Satur-
day night; that's the iast thing i want in
do, it's not my Sort of lifestyle. it's just
that i really want to know so that i can
think intelligently about things. Make up
my own mind about things."
We asked Rob if he felt he would be
as educated as he is now it he didn't go
to college. He answered immediately
"No. Part of the reason is. . .l would
have missed four yers of observing this
lifestyle. And it's a very inspiring
lifestyle. And it's an essential lifestyle, i
think. it's a thing you have to ex-
perionce, it's like somebody saying, ‘l
wanna go to Europe.’ lt’s 'I wanna go to
college."’

Rob then told us how just last night he
met up with a friend who was an ac-
.counting major.After just four months
of working as an accountant he decided
it was the last thing he wanted to do.
Now he's “hanging out. He wants to
write music articles."

Rob said that he wishes all students
would “. . .get anything you can out oi
everything, not just classes. Be open in
everything, relationships. atmosphere.
visit Albany, do all those
things. . .Education is all over the
place."

So there you have it. Chris, Brian,
Dave, Teri, Caryn and Rob. Six very
different college—educated people, all of
whom sec education in their own ways.
All of whom help us conclude that there
are education-oriented students in the
United States today.

Please join us next week on In Quest

Of as we track down the famed four~'

teeuth tribe of lsrael, the sons of
Sewhat, who, for thousands of years,
have travelled the deserts of the
Mideast, doing fine alterations at
reasonable rates, as they wait for the
Messiah to guide them to the holy land,
where they may set up a modest
business and make a nice living. El

Cover and centerfold
photo. by Ed Mamulch

.lt

 

