 

“-..-... ..

 

 

—~~ ~ - r- H~...m..u............ .

 ALBANY S TUDENT PRESS ELECTION SUPPLEMENT tit APRIL 12. 1983

 

 

\

r

STA.

T-EME'

NT-s

 

 

 

President
Schaffer

Experience always plays an important role In any campaign.
but what makes a good president is someone who has prodriced
positive results for stridents In the positions he/she has held. My
background plus my achievements make mc'thc best choice for
SA president.

During the past year. I have lield many different positions
which have both strengthened my character as a leader artd of-
fered me the opportunity to deal with tile broad range of topics
which must be addressed by an SA president.

As chairperson of the Student Action Committee. 1 was givert
the responsibility of serving as one of the prlrnary student
leaders dealing with student rights. Being appointed in early Oc-
tober. I ltnd to revitalize a group whose future seemed ques-
tionable. By working closely with the currertt president. the Stu-
dent Union. SASU. and the committee mcmbers. the group was
able to rebuild and attract other students. crilrttirtating with a
2000-plus Albany turnout at the budget rally. l was able to
guide the group arid traitsfortn it into one of the most effective
committees of the Central Cortncil. A major rule which the
committee adhered to was "In olvetttertt through Education".
By this. i mean tltat the comm tee members would go to
students with issues affecting them botlt on and off the cirntpus
aitd alert them to Implications of these issues. Within a period .
of six months. issues that dealt witlt voting rights nrtd registra-
tion, the Solotiterr amendment. the drinking age nrtd alcoltol
policy. federal finacial ald cutbacks. and the SUNY budget
fight. were all rrpproaclted and takelt care of. Student advocacy
Is it main resposlhility of an SA president, but irtorder to per-
form this rolc effectively. lie/site must be aware of the students'
feelings on matters that affect the student. iiy educating and in-
volving the campus. a president would he trltle to.get a better
understanding of the attitudes of the students. I have been able
to learn and demonstrate this type of leadership as Student Ac-
tion cltairpersort and Albany "Fight the Hike" coordlriator.

The office of Prograntrtting Director tirtd tltc successful opcrtr-
tiort of over eighty SA funded groups is an area which deserves
more attention than it has received lit the past. By serving as
president of Waterbury Hall council itan rrs a member of the
Alumni Quad Executive Board‘. i Itave been ultic to aquire a
feeling for programs needed on campus. My two years as a Cert-
tral Council member lras given me the knowledge and ability to
recognize some of the problems that groups and activities might
face. i ltavc also learned skills such as working on budgets and
helping groups solve problems. SA programrrtirtg ntrrst act as n
llason between the funded groups and internal SA By dolttg so.
I know we can work to alleviate sortte of the existing problems

and further develop our programming.

The Off-Campus Association needs to be shown a directiott in
which they will be able to work towards. Programming should
be a major concern of the director and its members. btrt they
cannot forget the other areas affecting off-campus living.
Landlord complaints. safety factors. and problems with parking.
are just sonic of the areas which must be addressed. By keeping
in close touch with our alderman in City iIall and our
assemblymcn and senators downtown. i think OCA can effec-
tively deal with the broad range of topics which affect students
living off campus.

Next year will be a crucial one for the Student Association.
We ltave worked this year towards a rtiorc involved student
population and. to some extent. we have succeeded. We cannot
solve the problems of SUNYA overnight because there are many
external factors which directly affect the student. The SA presi-
dent must act as the joining link between the podium and the
world. SA needs a president who will be able to piece everything
together. In order to establish a strong Student Association. we
need an effective student leader and a cohesive student body. I
feel i ant best qualified to be this student leader. I

Ranni

Experience. professionalism and acccsability are tltc prcrc-
qusites for President of tile Student Association. The President
is your voice in the Administration. he speaks for the student.
He must protect your rights and unify the student government.
Most importantly. he must innovate. for an stagnant system is a
bad one. A farsighted President provides the ground work for
lmporvcmcnts not only for you. but also for future students.
Let me tell you why I am the best person for this job.

Experience is the result of many varied activities. As President
of UAS. i was responsible for the remodeling of the Alden-
Waterbury cafeteria. formed the Operations committee to
oversee improvements in the Rat and dining halls. accomplished
the transfer of Glenhouse to SA. and increased student - faculty
- administration interaction. As a University Senator on the
Council on Research I helped look into the establishment of
guidelines for human and animal testing. While serving on the
subcommittee for University-Industrial linkages. we sought to
increase university-industry interaction through internships. per-
sonnel transfers. and most importantly research investment. As
the I982 SA Budget Committee Chairman I worked with the (it
groups and clubs of SA to provide fair and equitable bttdgcts.
As a member of Central Council I have learned the interaction
of the executive and legislative branches. As a N.Y. State '
Assembly intern l ant involved in the State governmental process

’ which is important in insuring that our voices are heard in the

continuing figltt for inexpensive quality education.

Professionalism is the ability to discuss and debate polic
issues on a level equivalent with the attention they dcrttait . in
these positions I have worked with student leaders. faculty. ad-
ministration and government personnel. I have established a
good rapport with them through clrarrittg meetings. attending
student causriscs. Assemcbly Committee deliberations and ltavc
attained a good working knowledge of their structure. I have In-
stitutcd and Influenced policy measures important to the student
body.

Accesability serves the highest benefit to botlt the President
arid the students. It provides for the free exchange of ideas
necessary for the government to adjust to student needs and re-
main accountable for its actions. innovation of these ideas pro-
vides expanded services and activities. I feel it is the duty of the
President to actively pursue student participation as muclt as it
is the duty of the student to demand responsible government.

Experience. professionalism. and accessability; these are the
qualities necessary for the President to learn and perform his
responsibilities in the best interests of the student body. i posses

these qualities and as President will strive to better the Universi-
f'l

ty environment. V

 

evaluations.

 

 

Hagerty I

Mike Hagerty has been worklrrg for students for tltrce years.
attd now he Is a'candldate for Student Associatln President. The
reason to bringrthis up Is that Mike can contribute heavily for
the following reasons: I) He has been a reporter and broad-
caster with WCDB. interviewing such personalities as Mayor
Koch. Lew Lehrman. Mario Cuonto. Stanley Fink. Mayor Cor-
ning. Mayor Ducl. Sant Strattort. and Ned Regan. 2) Mike has
served two terms as a Unive'rslty Senator. As Senator. Mike
Hagerty is a member of the Educational Policy Council. He ltas
ltelped resolve such issues as differential tuition and teacher

3) Last October. Mike was overwltclrttingly elected as
Albany's SASU Delegate. Mike will contirttte to attract key
political leaders to this Uttlversity. thereby bringing these leaders
in contact with frittirc leaders.

4) Irt addition, Mike Itas held the position of intern to the
Lieutenant Governor. As Irttcrrt. he has worked on strife and
local issues to improve political service efficiency.

5)During the srrntrrter. Mlke rcrrrairts active as an Advanced
Lifesaving instructor. He ltas also worked with disadvantaged
children as a professional Child Care Worker.

As president Mike Hagerty will pursue the participation of all
students iit government. He will establish a Ilgistatlve council of
student leaders to improve the quality of Central Council legisla-
tioit. The legislative council would also publicilc the actions of
Student Association.

Mike will contimtc to deal witit faculty and administrators to
resolve conflicts. As the only student member of the University
Settntc Executive Commitlcc. Mike will use his experience lit the
Senate to make sure students conserns are met. In addition. he
will keep all University Senators and students lnforiticd on a
rcgtrlttr basis.

Mike will urge the establishment of a new Student Union. Tltc
purpose of the uriiott would be to promote awareness of studcrtt
Issues artd ttdvoclitc the rights of students. This body would be
composed of all interested students.

Mike littgcrty urges all students to consider his record. Above
ttll. Mike would like to see a huge trrrrtorrt as a sign of strident
interest. » i

Greenbaum

The SA cart be itttprovcd by focusing its rcsortrces ruore on
student's needs by providing activities and jobs tltat they want
aitd by working with the administration to improve transporta-
tiort and disciplinary problems.

SA funding should be based on student interest. SA keeps no
records of attendnttcc for SA sponsored events; they don‘t even
have no mcmbcrship records.

We are not using all of otrr resources. With so many promi-
nent faculty ntentbcrs (and qrilte a few of world rcrtown) it is
sad to see how few of them are asked to speak by SA groups.
Such events (common in private institutions) do not need admis-
sion charges and foster better student and community relations.
SUNYA cottld use more pride.

tr's hard to be proud of an Ineffective disciplinary system.
When we read in the ASP that a rapist has gone unpurtlshcd
and we see that punishment for violating the rlglits of fellow
studncts consists mainly of letters of warning. SA sliortld stand
up for student rights and push for disciplinary refortnation.

The Student Association should also be concerned with the
transportation problems of Downtown students. It doesn‘t take
great foresight to see that the SUNYA bus system is facing
massive cuts in service next year. The Wellington route will pro-
bably be cancied. Replacing the SUNYA bus systcnt with a
modified lilo Western Avenue CDTA route would solve this
problem. The new service. partially subsidized by the University.
would allow students to travel to the Circle via Western Avenue
for free. Since CDTA passengers travel downtown during morn-
ing rush hour and uptown during evening rush hour and
students travel in the opposite directions the new system would
be touch more efficient than the two current systems.

Since SUNYA buses are very useful for trips and bus drivers
need their jobs. the buses arid drlvcrs could be used to expand
CDTA's limited suburban commuter service or to connect
Capital Distric shopping areas.

With innovative tltitrkirtg and proper planning SA could pro-
vide jobs for students. Art SA travel agency would provide jobs.
valuable work experience. and travel discounts for students and
staff with profits plowed back into SA to reduce TAX.

Often things are not as tltcy appear. By observing my posters
it might appear as if I am not a candidate for president. Though
I haven’t printed any posters. I am, nevertheless. a candidate
for SA president. Posters reflect nothing about a candidate ex-
ccpt that he has an artistic friend and that he thinks they are a
good investment for the $2,250 salary he will get if he is suc-
cessful. Posters are a good way to catch people's attention. but
I prefer my own personality. it‘s so ntuch easier and more
ethical to throw away this article if it annoys you than to rip
down hundreds of posters. I'd rather save a few trees. l

Engel

As a member of last fall's Election Commissir‘ .. ' tw more
apathy than I care to say. Even friends of mine ' interested in
this election only because they know someone on tile ballot.
There has to be an answer to this crucial problem.

As SA President. l'd like to see some changes in current Stu-
dent Association policies. First. I‘d like to see the SA Budget
Cotnmlttcc hand down a rccontrncndcd budget. mach like a
school board budget. that the taxpayers will vote on. This will
give each member of our community a cltancc to express tltcir
opinion on flow tltc birdch is constructed.

Second. the reason that many people don't vote is because
they don't know what is required of tltcrn or they don't know
any of tire candidates. l propose that before election day. each
taxpayer be givclt a copy of a sample ballot and a list of what
they will need in order to vote. if we want to beat voter apathy.
we have to head it off at the pass. we ltavc to artticipate what is
going to turrt people off.

For instance. there‘s nothing wrong with taking a stand on a
political issue, as long its it is rntrde clear that the opinion is not
necessarily the view of the whole student population. I've

spoken to many people who've become discouraged with the
Student Association because they don't feel they’re being heard
by the powers that be In the SA offices. V

I've highlighted just three of the problems that make our
government less accessible to the general student population.
There are more. But there is also a whole lot of good that the
SA does. The governmental mechanisms are already lnplace so
that we can ltave a productive unifying force on our campus.
All we need is some fine-tuning to ensure that each taxpaying
member of our community will be ltappier with what we're do.
ing. t

M
Schneider

Experience. alohg with tlte potential for effective future pcr-
formancc, are the essential qualifications for a candidate for
Strident Association Vice President. My involvement irt student
government ltas lncludcd elected positions In the Class of ‘HS.
the University Senate. and the Student Association. i ltavc
developed an understanding of the system as well as the
organizational and lcndcrslrlp skills necessary for the perfor-
mattcc of the duties of the SA Vice President.

As President of the Class of '85. l have lrtltlated and coor-
dinated many events and projects. Furtltcrntorc. as Trcasrirer of
the Class I Itave acquired knowledge of the SA budgetary pro-
cess and the Controller's office. The Vice President must be able
to create progrttrntiting in addition to irtrrttaglrtg the financial
aspect of the SA office. I have demonstrated my ability to do
botlt.

In my elected positions on the University Senate rtrtd Central
Council i ltavc illustrated art ability to work with my peers: ad-
ministrators. faculty and students. I have been active In the Cen-
tral Council lntcrrtal Affairs Contnrittec attd the Strident Action
Committee. On tltc former committee I have been involved in
the review and revision of the Strident Association's policies. On
the latter i have inforntcd federal and state legisltttiors of stit-
detit issues. I ltave also been involved irt lobbying for restora-
tions of funds to tile Governor‘s proposed SUNY budget. We
Itnve been instrumental irt tire votcr rcgislratiolt drive anti ttt pt'c-
scnt are working with the administration to find an equitable
solrrtiort to tire bris problems.

Tltrotiglt personal contact I believe elected members of SA
will be better able to represent their corrstitucttls. Additionally.
quad forums lreld prior to Ccrttrirl Council would allow people
to express their views regarding issues. It is also essential for SA
to work closer with the Off-Campus Housing Office (OCHO)
and the Off-Campus Association (OCA) to assist off campus
students with problems as well as to provide programming
cvcnts.

Tltc Vice President is rcsportsible for managing tltc internal
functions of SA in additiort to working with the Director of Sin-
dent Programming and tile grotrps. tltc Vice President mttst be
able to comntunlcatc effectively with tltc President, other of-
ficers. attd ntost lrnportantly YOU. the members of the strident
body.

i do not claim to ltave the solutions to all the problems in~
volvcd with students or SA. however. I promise to concentrate
my attention on the needs of students. I believe that 1 ant tltc
most qualifictl cattdidatc for the position of Vice President and I
hope that on April I] and 14 you will demonstrate your belief
and elect inc. Jeff Schneider. as your SA Vice President. l l

Fishkin

I see the office of Vice President as a job which requires two
essential ingredients; one being experience. the other ideas. It is
vital to bring a diversified knowledge of SA groups. SA finances
and SA policy to tltc ofice of Vice President. It is also equally
important to bring irt progressive Ideas on tltc expansion. int-
provcment and the outreach of Stridcitt Association.

1 have been involved in many different aspects of Student
Association. I Itave giancd experience in the area of SA finances
frorn being an Assistant Controller. SA budget Committee. and
chairperson of Central Finance Committee. In addition, serving
on the University Budget i’ancl provided me with ample
background of the University as a whole and its relationship to
Student Association. By not having my hands tied in learning
the finances and budgeting of SA. I can accomplish the finan-
cial task without any problem. I would still have the majority of
my time. though. to concctratc on expanding SA resources to as'
many stttdcnts as possible.

i intend to work very closely with tile Programming Director
to assure that all activities may involve the entire student
population. From dealing with groups as FiCom Chair I unders-
taitd their needs and will be able to as st Programming in
developing activities which are effective attd responsible. I will
also work very closely with Central Council it) gaining new
Ideas. input and suggestions. '

Off-campus students cannot be forgotten. The Off Campus
Association (OCA) serves as a vital link between oft” campus
dwellers and campus activities. i will work on. along with the
OCA coordinator. on increasing OCA's role by having tables in
the Camprts Center to publicize what OCA ltas to offer. Also.
I’d like to see meetings and activities held iit more central
downtown locations which are convenient and interesting to off
campus students. OCA is more titan a resource tool. it is an
essential line connecting Off campus students and the numerous
activities SA has to offer.

it Is also crucial that incoming frcshpeoplc bccorttc irtformcd
of SA upon their cntrancc ittto SUNYA. I will serve as the
spokesperson for SA during the Summer Planning Conferences
in discussing with frcsltpeople. in their small orientation groups.
tltc numerous opportunities available to them from Student
Association. At the same time they will get an opportunity to
offer arty ideas and suggestions that they would like to see froiu

 

Students play a key role itt determining the path which their
university arid cdtrcrrtiott should take. increasing involvement by
all students can only increase their role in the path that their '
education ltrkcs. Student Association has it major role in keep-
ing students involved. informed ttrtd tls' ired that their student
government ' working in the best possible way to serve tltcttt
tltc most efficiently and responsibly.

.By combining my financial-budgeting experience and working
wttlt groups hand in hand, the Vice Presidency will be more
titan paperwork. I have the drive aitd entltusiuasm to help SA
become the best possible organization for all students. an ritatter
where they live and where their interests lie. I will always be
open to'suggestions and new ideas. Anything that can be done
to expand or improve what SA has to offer will be the key to u
more effective student govcrnmcnt. I Itave solid experience. solid

 

 

 

.. ....__..L...,.-m— ...... ....—

ldcas and I know that I will make a solid Vice President. iii

wwwme
“Wilt . we ‘ v. star” . um

i

 

  
  
  

  
   
   
 
  
   
  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

T T E

R S

 

 

 

NYPIRG’s path

To the Editor:

NYPIRG is a student-directed organization that works
on consumer. environmental. higher education. and social
justice issues. The SUNYA chapter of NYPIRG was
established by a college-wide vote in I975. Since then, we
have been very active and successful conducting research,
organizing events. public education, and lobbying on a
whole range of projects.

We have a solid record of accomplishments. Students
have benefited from our lobbying against financial aid cuts;
and we Went to court to get students tltc right to vote in
their college corttrtttrtiitics. We were instrumental in the
passage of many trtajor pieces of legislation in New York
State. including the Truth-in-Testing Law. the Open
Meetings Law. tltc Freedom of information Act. the
Generic Drug Law. the Utility Bill of Rights. and bills in-
creasing access to Small Claims Court. NYPIRG students
lobbied successfully for the Marijuana Reform Act and the
Home Energy Insulation and Conservation Act. Most
recently. in the I982 legislative session. we won a Bottle
Law for New York Stirc (a 5': deposit for Itccr and soft
drink containers. effective July ‘83) and a State Superfund
to assist in the clean-up of toxic waste iit tltc state. _

In addition to ortr legislative victories. we ltavc had

numerous educational programs on campus that address
student. cortsutner. arid ertvirorirttcnttrl problems. Each
year we register thousands of students to vote. internships
are available for students interested in NYPIRG projects.
This semester. we have projects which are monitoring acid
raitt. ecycling newspapers oli campus. surveying rape crisis
fac es. and other projects looking into tttility problems.
toxic dumping. and nrrclcar and disarmament issues. We
ltnvc fiints. teach-ins. and forums throughout the year. artd
cortduct workshops on skills srrcit as research, public speak-
ing. artd effective lobbying.
NYPIRG projects and programs offer all of us the op-
portunity to effectively participate itt shaping public policy
itt New York State. If you are interested in finding out
tttore. or want to help out. please call or stop by our office
in Cantpus Center 382.

Oit April 13 altd 14 (Wednesday artd Thursday). there
will be a rcfcrertdrritt on NYPIRG‘s funding. Every two
[ 'ars‘. we have the opportunity to vote to keep otir

NYPIRG cirapter. This year. we are asking for a one-dollar
increase irt our funding. tltc first increase we have asked for
since we started in I975. We are asking for this increase to
helpinch otir costs of operation which have risen due to in-
ﬂ‘i‘lation over the last eight years. Please support us by takirtg

a few minutes out to vote. We look forward to providing

the same high qtrality program and work. bttt we can't do it
- without your support.
Vote YES on tltc NYPIRG referendum: votc April I3-I4

(Wed. arid Thurs.); off-campus students can vote from 9:00
_ a.nt. to 4:00 p.m. irt the Campus Center. Dorm residents on

the uptown can vote front 4:(X) p.m. to 7:00 p.m. in tire
ilagrooms in your quads. Dar/rt residents on the downtown
campus cart vote frortt 5:00 p.m. to 7:00 p.m. in the
cafeterias. All students bring your tax cards to vote; if your
haven‘t picked up your tax card. you can get it at the Cott-
tact Office. first floor irt the Campus Center.

Help keep NYPIRG strong at SUNYA. Vote Yes for

NYPIRG's first increase since I975.

 

 

‘<
.-

* —.lodi DeVIdo
SUN YA reprat‘eltlntive. NYPIRG Slate Board of Diret'lors

53A story to tell

, To tlte Editor.

3 At first ltc was reluctant to tell his story. “No oite cares
any longer." Itc said.

Bttt ltc has been convinced that you aitd others will listen.
 And care.

And so. Robert Clary. actor. Jew. stirvlvor. has been
traveling around the country for the Simon Wiesenthal
Center. telling how he managed to survive the Nazi reign of
horror that left millions of innocent people dead, including
his own family.

Remembering is so painful. But Rt rert Clary's story is ‘

one neither you ttor I can afford to forget.
Not now. Not ever. .
Robert Clary is being brought to campus by JSC-Hillci
on Thursday. April t4. 2 p.m. in Lecture Center 23.
Please take the time to come and hear Robert Clary's
story. You'll find what lte has to say compelling.
—Sheryl Smith
JSC-Hillel World Jewry Chairperson

SASU threatened

lo the Editor.

On April I3 arid I4 SUNYA students will have the oppor-
tunity to vote iii a referendum on whether to continue fritt-
ding the Strident Association of the State University
(SASU) lit the current rate of $1.50 per student per
semester. lint tltc real issue is whether SASU will be able to
continue it's work for students rigltts and ttccds. That work
is well worth $1.50 a semester.

SASU is tttadc tip of elected delegates frortt arch of tile
ritcittbcr campuses of the State University system. who meet
every summer to plan SASU's activities and to elect a
Board of Directors. The Board of Directors hires SASU‘s
professional staff and over: -cs their research and lobbying.
When necessary. the staff - former SUNY students — cnit
organize court action or protest activity. Aitd SASU's
record as art advocacy organization is remarkable.

SASU fights for what‘s important to the students of
SUNY - more participation in urtivcrsity decision-making.
an end to tuition and fee hikes and better financial old. This
year in coalition with UUI‘. Albany SA and student
orgarti/ntiorts across tltc state. SASU helped iL'itti the fight
that resulted iii saving ltrirtdrcds of faculty rind staffjobs on
our campus. lit the past. SASU has been responsible for the
doubling of the ntinintrrnt TAP award nltd won strident
voting representation on the SUNY Board of Trustees arid
University Councils. But'without SUNYA's corttittucd sup-
port. SASU‘s work may come to a standstill.

Though the money is ssential to SASU's lobbying artd
organizational efforts - it will allow SASU to continue to
Ltirc staff for legislative advocacy. itclp forut SASLI
chapters on each campus artd develop sttidcitt merchandis—
ing services - this rcfcrertdunt is important for another
reason. This is orrr chalice to prove to tltc public. university
administrators nitd state politicians that SUNY students
support SASU. With our mandate. SASU will have even
rttorc influence to work for SUNY studcttts‘s interests. if
we are all behind it. SASU’s voice will continrrc to he heard.

VOTE YES ON THE SASU REFERENDUM T() Bli
HELD APRIL 13 AND l4.

 

 

—-—l)uve Sherman
Student Action Committee

Jazz isn’t dead

To the Editor:

Jazz music is one of the only pure Arncricart art forms.
With roots in blues; Jelly Roll Morton. Satchmo. Duke,
Bird artd Diz. Mingus Workshop. Miles. Trititc. Lady Day.
3rncttc...and the list goes on influertcirtg all forms of
.TltXiCril music. I love JAZZ and so do litany othch iii tltc
Capital District.

Being I50 miles front tltc nerve center of jazz. Albany
Icscrvcs quality programming devoted solely to this music.
NCDB provided this service to the comntunity trrttil this
vcck when jazz programming was virtually terminated
caving a void in Albany radio. No other station has a seven
lay commitment to jazz. To the devoted listeners of9l PM
nu. I am sorry nbotrt tltc forcntcntiottcd event and hope
tnotltcr radio station picks tip witcrc we left off.

 

 

ﬂSpCCteS

Establlahad In mi.
Mark Goanar. Editor II! Cltlal
Wayne Pearnboom. Exncutlvn Edltor
Tail Kapluwltz, Lila Strain. Managing Editors
Mare tiaapal. San/or Editor

. .Dobbln Juduu. Dobbin Proiultt
Anthony Show
.... .. Dobblo Mlllmart
anan G. Taylor.Gall Mutiotl
... Robert Schnuldot
Llaanno Sokolowakl
.... Mala Sehwarz
..Matk Lovtno
David L.L. Laakln
Contributing E .. ...Doan Ball
Editorial AI am. no . arvlea and Event- dltor: Heidi
Oralla. Stall writers: Gina Abond. Suzanna Abola. Amoy Atlanta. Marc Bo
man. Bill Brewster, Kori Cantor. Tracey Carmichael. Androw Carroll, William
D. Charrrrak. Nancy Crowfoot. Hubert-Kenneth Dickey. Elli Flaohor. Stuvo
Fox. Bob uatdlnlor. Barry Guiinor. Britt Gordon. Jool Gtoonbolg. Mike Gtoon-
lleld. Loo GroalratolnMark Hammond. Andy Horowitz. Amy Klluua. Madrtl
Kurt. lilao Lavina. Crulo Marko. Robert Mortlnlano. David Mtchaolaon. llan
Nlatlau. Laura Nuao. Matt Nichols. Bob O'Brlarr. Rob O‘Connor. Karon Plrozzi.
Phil Plvnlok. Linda Oulltn. Liz flnlclt. Mark Roaalor, Randy Roth. Ellan 5MP
taalaro. Atari Somktn. Motln Ulun. Mink wttuotrt. Adam thk. Spectrum and
Eventl Editors: Rant Ginsburg. Kan Dotnbaum

News Editors ..

 
  
  

 

   
  
 
   
  
 
 
 
 

Auoelato ASPectI Edttou .
Sound Editor ..
Villon Editor
Sport: Editor ....

Anoelate Sport- Edltor .
Copy Editor ...

 

   

Bonnll Elev-rte, Business Manager
may Broiler. Alana/eta Business. Manager

Susan Paarlman. Advertlslng Manager
John Tioiano, Salas Managar

Billing Accountants . ... .. Karon Sardoii. Judy Torul
Payroll Supervisor .. . . . . . . . Atlono Kriltowltz
Office Co-ordlnatoi .. . .. . Jennifer Bloch
classified Mananar. ..
Composition Manager . . .. . . . . . . .. ..
Advertising Salsa: Polur Forward. Mike Krolninr. Glenn Hall. Null Susamnn.
Advertlllnq Production Managers: Jana Hirsch. Mindy Horowitz. Advertising
Production: Mlchotln Horowitt. Patna Marcus. Julio Mark. Elleon Slovln, Silo
Sommotioltt. Mnltasa Waasorman. Rhonda Wolf. Office Staff: Randal) Buttur.
Lisa Clayman. Gay Porous

     
 

Jack Durachlag. Product/on Mnnagur
Patricia Mitchell. Assoc/ate Production Manager

  

chlal T aloltor .. Cntitto Ryan
Vanlcaiglmrl .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..Bill Bonltla
Paste-up: Koliay Burko. Donna Corwln. Molly Prostt. Davo Wollo‘iyplltl: Bill
B’ounay. Jim Cnpozzola, Erica D'Adarno. Joanna Gildotaieuvo. Elizabeth
Hayman. Ginny Hubor. Mary Alice Llpka. Mark Waller

Photography princlpnI.y auppliod by University Pitoto Servlcn. a student

tou .
ghlai’l’hotonraphei: Davo Aattor. UPS Stall: Chuck Borttatoin. Laura Bostlck.
Alan Calonr. Amy Cohen. Shotry Cotton. Ruohol thwln. Ed Maruaalctt. Lois
Mattabonl. Suann Eialno Mlndlch. Joan Piorto-Loula. David Rlvora. Llaa Sim
mona. Erica Sputgel. Wurrun Stout. Jim Valontlno. Will Yunnan

Entire contents copyright "t ‘96:! Albany Student Frau Corporation, all
'Ightl relarvad.

Tito Albany Studnnt Press is publiahod Tuesdays and Fridays botwnor
August and June by tho Albany Student Proaa Corporation, art lndopnndonl
not-lorrprotlt corporation.

Editorials are written by the Editor In Chief wlltt members at tlto Etiilotla
Board; policy In subject to review by the Editorial Board. Advortlalnu potter
door: not necaaaarlly rollocl editorial policy.

Mailing addraaa:
Albany Student Press. CC 329
. MOO Waahinnlort Ava.
Albany. NY 12222
515) “"

 

 

 

This letter is not intended as a plea or expression of bit-
terness toward WCDB management, they have their
reasons and know my feelings. This letter is a requiem to a
fine jazz department. Remember the words of Frank Zap-
pa. "Jazz isn't dead. it just smells funny.”

— Eric Hinton
ex WCDB jazz disc jockey

Credit is due

To the Editor.

I wish to reply to Joe Savitt's letter in April 8 "Letters"
section of the ASP.

I think Savitt. as well as many students, do not give UAS
sufficient credit sometimes. Last year I lost a great deal of
weight; an accomplishment i might not achieved without
:hc help of UAS. State Quad Board and Bea. the supervisor
ofSQ‘s Cafeteria. When i went to them with my problem. I
was greeted with enthusiasm. I suggest Mr. Savitt takes
similar measures. I

As far as Catholics (by far a minority at SUNYA) being
able to get fish on Friday. this is not necessarily so. This -
rear. there were two Fridays where the fislt ran out and the
:ltoicc was between hamburgers or lamb cltops. Also. last
year tlterc was only one Friday ntcat was not offered. I
tltirtk this hits changed at tltc rcqttest of tire Cathoic
students - I urge the Jewish sttrdcttts to do the the same.
After all. tltetc is strength itt numbers - artd there is certain-
ly a great rttarty students whom share Savitt's concern.

Lastly. may I rcrrtirtd Mr. Savitt that although tltc Kosher
Kitchen may not be acccsible. tltcrc is a Kosher Kitchen -
which has been renovated this past summer. I see no similar
program for the overweight. black or foreign students on
this campus. If Mr. Savitt is as religous as lte appears. a ten
lttittutc walk to Dutch Quad would not have bectt much of ti
sacrifice.

Finally. the fish we (.‘atholics gel is a regular UAS meal -
served on arty day arid is economical. Fish is relatively inex-
pensive - as is hamburger titcttt and chicken.

The rest of us already paid to give tlte Jewish students a
Kosher Kitchen - use it as it was irttcndcd - to observe tltc
traditions of your great religion.

—.lames DeCastro

Careful consideration

To the liditur:

Tlte election of SA officers has been a traditional part oi
the democratic government of students on this campus.
The ASI’ has become art integral part of the election pro-
cess by publishing art endorsement issue just prior to tire
election. The endorsement issue is the ASP: attempt to
botit inform arid influence the students on this campus. We
feel tltc presence of these widely distributed endorsements
cart only irtterfcrc with the proper democratic process.

As' members of Photo Service. the principal
photographers for the ASP. we are obligated to
photograph these cartdidatcs for the ASP. It is itot our opi-
nion however. that the crtdorscrttcut issue is in the best in-
terest of this campus or the ASP. As journalists we have no
desire to infrittgc on the ASI"s' right to freedom of the
press. Yet tltc ASP has a unique position on this campus
artd tltereforc a special responsibility. As the only indepe-
deiti voice on campus they Itavc an awesome power which
effects student opinion. But because of tile closcknit power
structtrrc which exists among stttdcltts on this campus we
feel it is impossible for the ASP to act fairly artd impartial.
ly. We feel that rather tltart an endorsement. it would be
more prodrictive for everyone to simply prittt tltc positions
of the candidates. thus allowing cacit student to make their
owtt decision. frcc front the bias of the ASP.

in the absence ofsuch a eltartge of policy by tltc ASP. we
encourage all voters to carefully cortsidcr the positions of
all tltc candidates. and fornt your owtt opinions on who
would do the rttost for SUNYA.

—l)avid Asher

Chief P/tologrupller. UPS
—Will Yurrrtart

" UPS

Short-sighted Senate

To the Editor:

The University Senate did it again. Anotltcr important
issue was pushed aside for anotltcr year. A rcsolrrtiort
against differential tuition, proposed by myself. was tabled
(set aside) iitdcfirtitcly at the meeting of April 4. [983.

Some Senators. including the Chair. argued that the issut
is dead. This Sintply served to cxcrttplify a problcrtt which i-
:ommon to must (if not all) governing bodies. short
sightcdncss‘l Although it is true that differential turtiort tvir.
rtot included in this year's budget, it was certainly con
sidcrcd aitd is likely to be considered again next year.
Mcanwltilc. the current group of Senators. who have the
issue fresh in titcir minds. passed the brick along to a new
Senate which will ltavc to learn about differential tuition all
over again. Since the otrtcontc of this issue affects us great-
ly. puttiirg off a decision that might readily resolve the
question today made little settsc.

Wity can‘t we learn to plan ahead instead of always being
reactionary? Do we always have to wait until a ntattcr is
urgent. as we did with differential tuition this year. before
any action is taken? Slrtcc we are art institution of ltiglicr
earning. we should show the way to progressive thinking in
governing and administrative bodies.

—-Philllp D. Chonigmart
Universin Senator

 

' .‘ I 75-1.L'. J; rr.‘ .1?! .mtntiwru I luv 1r. d.‘¥1mx'.rt "rt-e sf 45 “K V'rr rm ».

ll

rd

is “are. .93: expran A. V. 1..

 

 

 

