 

can
i
l
f
if
E
l
ii
‘ -xr

  

 

 

ATTENTION ALL WOMEN

. FRANK ’S LIVING ROOM

wants to save you money

Wednesday is LADIES NlTE-$.65 drinks all
night long! But there's more...and for you
men tool!

A daily generous HAPPY HOUR-6:30- 9:00

$.65 drinks, $2.00 pitchers of Bud.’ '

OTHER SPECIALS
MONDAY All night $2.00 pitchers Bud
TUESDAY All night $.75 drinks
WEDNESDAY Ladies iiittht
And don 'I forget our'famous pour” or amazing music
' you’ll never/orget.

FRANK’S LIVING ROOM
(underground at Quail and Western)

 

 

 

 

 

\

TELETHON NIGHT ‘
AT

FAT CAT'S

’ WEDNESDA meant/AR Y9TH
9;00PM
~ $2. AT DOOR
$1. DRINKS / $2. PITCHERS

TAKEA rum WEEK BREAK AND DANCE i
PROOF OF AGE 19REQUIRED-

 

     

.r'“

9‘, it.”

    

ads

xﬁtzha  X'

I w  I ii'vlv' '$.~.ru¢,*—Atslz 

Meeting a edn‘é‘sdzdé i2 ‘t :00 PM?

_ sailing Interest Meeting
— ——- .— W .—~_e—~.e_

8:00 P.M.

State unwersrtv )’ N v at Albany

> Performing Art Center
TICKETS: ....- ..c.__.L L--. .,__.
$4.00 SUNYA TAX CARD

$5.00 STUDENTS 8: SR. CIT.
$6.00 GENERAL PUBLIC
Available at P.A.C. Box Oillce: 457-8606

vrAsru CLASSES.
February 10 8t 12 - SUNYA Dance Studio

For information: Dance Oillce - 457-3906
Debbie - 457-8660

SA FUNDED

 

    
  
 
   
 
  

Instr-tug.
mutry Siting l

i

A

 

 

 

ANTHROPOLIIGY
CLUB

MEETING
TH URSDA Y, FEB. 10
at 7:00PM in L021

ALL ARE WELCOME

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

' FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 1 1,1983.

STA Y TUNED T0 91FMFOR
YOUR CHANCE In W
NITECAPS LP’S,
TICKETS To me 8110 W,
ANDA DHVNER ma Twat!

 

 

 

 

 

 

By Anthony Sllber

ADITORML ASSISTANT

 

Part two in a series on off-campus housing.

When you speak to landlords you are
dealing with businesspeople. They are look-
ing out for tlteir self-interests and not
yours.

The first questions to settle when dealing
with a prospective landlord include, ob-
viously: is the place still available? Then. is
it furnished? What is the rent? Are rrtilities
included? How much is the secrtrity
deposit? is there a lease? if so what is its
extent?

The New York State Human Rights Law
forbids discrimination in housing on the
basis of race. creed. color. sex. natiortal
origin. marital status, or physical or mental
disability. This law protects your right to
equal treatment regarding the showing and
renting of all lrouslng as well as your right
to file a complaint or oppose practices for-
bidden rrrrder the law without fear of
retaliation.

A phone call to tire prospective landlord
before a visit is as beneficial as a check on
information you get irt person. if you think
your race or nationrrl origin can be iden-
tified by your voice attd it might be a
ltirtdcrattcc to you irt obtaining an apart-
tncrtt. the Survival Guide suggests you have
sorneottc else make tltc call for yott.

ltttrnetliatcly following the phone call, go
to tire aparttrtettt artd ask to see it. If the lit-
formation received in person is different
from tltal received on tltc pltorrc, or you are
told that the place is ttot available anytnorc.
possibly you are bcirtg discrimimtlcd
against. in this situation, go to the Off-
Campus Housing Office (()CH()) or llte
()l‘lltc'arnprrs Association (()CA) for advice.
liotlr are located irt the (‘ampus Center.

It is 110/. however. illegal to discrirttinatc
itt housing on the basis of age.

[It W74, lite city of Albarry instituted the
Certificate of Occupancy (CO) for rented
property. The law states that every uptrrt-
rrtcrrt must be inspected by the city building
department whenever it becomes vacant. if
tlte rrrrit passes lite inspection, the landlord
receives a (‘0 that is good until the apart—
ment next becotttes vacant or trail] tenants
cornplaitt and violations are cited by tile
building department. if the trttil docs rtot
pass. violations must be repairer! before a
(‘0 can be issued. The major bitch in the
system is that lattdlotds are ttol required to
post the (‘0. so tenants must ask to see it.
According to ()(‘A‘s Survival Guide to
Housing. the (‘0 is the only guarantee you
have tltat your future home has met
rnirtirrtrrtrt health arid safety standards.

lll an ordinance ,passed by the city‘s
(‘ommon Council in 1980. landlords are
forbidden to make money on properties
which have not passed inspection by lite

‘Real World

lty Mark Gesner

 

 

__ _ _ __ 

The real world. A place where real men
artd women work, love. and try to survive.
university walls shield one from all of life‘s
uncertainties. A place wlterc many students
ictics about entering. _

“My sense is that 
have the perspective that 
wltat they're doing now
don‘t necessarily feel prepared for that real
world." explained ("arcer and Life Platin—
toral strident itt counseling psychology.

“Whatever students think is tltc real
should tlrittk to themselves what they cort-
sidcr to be that rertl world." Speclcrman
more concrete - that's wltcrc yotr start
handling those 'concerns.’I
college career is the belief that irt choosing a
major one simultaneously chooses a pro-
anxiety, and can later cntrap someone irtto
a job where he or she is unhappy.

A place wltcre neither Mom. Dad. nor
feel like foreigners, and hence, ltave anx-
rtttdcrgrttdrrate students
R

doesn't really cortttt. 'l‘hcy 
ing instructor Randy Specternran. a doc-
world is what their fears will be. People
said. "If they cart make the general fears

One very concrete fear cast early in the
fcssion. This rnytlt can cause unnecessary

“There is not a job associated with every

 

- wow-emu” ... ~ 

buildirr‘g department. It also explrcttly sup-
ports tenants who withhold rent because of
sub-standard conditions. The survival guide
points out that it is up to tenants to ensure
that this ordinance is used as a tool for bet:
ter housing.

Every landlord ltas an obligation to keep
his apartments in good repair. Albany has a
city housing code that lists conditions in
which all apartments should be kept. if
your landlord will not maintain the apart-
ment and observe the building code. there
are legal steps you can and sltould take to
get the landlord to make repairs. You
should file a complaint with the code err-
forcemcnt bureau of the city building
dcpartnrent. located on the third floor of
City Hall. Also, United Tenants of Albany.
OCA. and OCHO are important allies. and

 

 

'L‘Yq-w- . .. .. rue?“

FEBRUAR Y 8. [983 D ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 5

Know your legal rights beme moving off campus”

should be notified. When you schedule an
inspection. be sure that you or someone else
who is familiar with the violations is
available to show the inspector. Obviously.
yott should not rely on the landlord to guide
the inspection. Major items cf the housing
code are listed in the'Survlval Guide to
Housing.

According to Karleen Karlson, the direc-
tor of OCHO, her office is forbidden by
board of trustee policy to screen landlords
or inspect apartments. Therefore. she said.
OCHO lists all landlords who are approved
by the city. Site emphasized the tenant‘s
responsibility for ensuring that the landlord
they chose has city approval.

OCHO, which is connected with neither
landlords nor students. provides advice and
information on off-campus housing to

 

 

 

inches on the Capital District.
Today. meteorologists predict a part

‘ Meanwhile. temperatures in Honolu
day. The high there was 81 degrees.

 

 

Paul Utterback. above. waits in a winter wonderland tor something that’s big
and green and white all over. And probably late.

The snow ltseli accumulated too late yesterday morning to cancel classes,
but by 12 p.m.‘unlverslty staff were put on a liberal-leave policy and by 4:00
pm. SUNYA was officially closed. By midnight the storm had dumped over 12

more ilurrles, with a high in the 205 and a low in the teens.

ly sunny sky and a 50 percent chance of

lu dipped to a chilly 60 degrees yester.

 

 

SUNYA students and publishes in March a
list of landlords with available units.

OCA, a student organization. maintains
a list of complaints against landlords. Ac-
cording to Diane Pololsky. the coordinator
of OCA. the idea of the list is to aid
students as they search for apartments. and
to make them aware of pitfalls. She said
that roaches and not getting back security
deposits are common problems. "We don't
have any chronic problem landlords at this
point." she said. “but maybe we'll know of
some at the end of the semester."

Rents for off-campus housing can vary
widely. Tltey usually range anywhere from
$70 to $250. depending on factors such as
whether or rtot an apartment is furnished.
whether or not utilities are included. loca—
tion. facilities, and apartment quality. Ac-
cording to Karlson, in l979, a poll found
that 12 percent of the students surveyed
paid between $70 and $110 per month
in rent. Most paid less. in l982. however.
that percentage rose to 62, an increase of
500 percent. The two studies show that
rents increased significantly in three years.
but Karlson believes that they have begun
to peak. Landlords had a tremendous de-
tnand irt l979. she says. and Were able to
raise their rents. As rents increased. many
students elected to remain on campus. thus
casing the demand. and the upward
pressure on prices.

in September. l979. the New York State
Retaliatory l-Zviction Protection liill became
ltrw. The law provides protection against
eviction or rent incrca. s when a tenant
takes action to improve ltis or her housing
situation. For example. if a tenant reports
code violatiorts and the landlord rctalitrtcs
by telllrrg the tenant to move. rrrtdcr the law
lite tenant has a strong defense in court and
the landlord has to. prove some other valid
reason for evicting the tenant.

One current law is a serious obstacle to
effective code enforcement. The “Anti-
gr'ottper" section of Albany's zoning or-
dirtaace prohibits four or more unrelated
persons from living together. According to
tire survival guide, about a third of all
SlJNYA's off-campus students live in viola-
tiort of the orditrancc. The anti-grouper law
is rtot enforced very often. but the tltrcat
hangs over many students. it inhibits
tenants from reporting more serious hous-
ing L‘Utl'.‘ violations. it keeps landlords from
gettirtg t‘()'s and it leaves malty terrartts in a
weak position with their landlords. Addi-
tionally. ()(‘A has been fighting for years to
get the anti-grouper law changed or rescind-
ed. as yet unsuccessfully. So far. asserts the
guide. all the city will give is a verbal
guarantee not to evict students itt mid-
semester.

As a strtdertt searches for art apartment.
lie or site should be aware that ()CA and
()(‘lIOarcavailablc toltclp. l l

worries cause unnecessary anxiety

major — the person has to make the
association themselves," said Career Plann-
ing attd Placement Director .lohrr W. Alex-
illltlL‘l'. “People think that to pick a major is
to pick a job —— that just isn't trrtc."

It's evidcrtt that finding tltc right job arid
then getting ltircd is indeed a printary cort-
ccrn students have when gradrtalion rolls
around. The thought of not experiencing
errtoliortal job satisfaction as well as not
“making it" financially cart wreak ltavoc
on the nerves.

The frustration becomes ntore irrtertsc
when a student starts feeling closed irtto a
specific career choice. totally unaware of
the various job options that really do exist.
“Deal with your anxiety with information
and know-how. Know wltat you cart offer
to the job market,” suggested Alexander.
“It doesn't make the job rnarkcl arty easier.
but you know yorr‘re doing something
positivu."

Even after obtaining a degree many
gradurrtcs are rtot i‘rrlly aware of what skills
they have to offer the job market. Accor-
ding to Spectet'mtltt tnaay different skills
can he applied irt vttried jolts. In fact, a
CUE booklet entitled Major Decisions
states a prevttlent myth among
undergraduates, tittrt" a liberal arts student
has few talents which are vulttuble ltt the
world of work." The booklet states that in

u; .51 mwmr is

actuality. “By the tirue you are 20 years old,
you have developed identifiable abilities
that can be applictl successfully to a wide
variety of occupations."

Another unnecessary pressure graduates
place on themselves stcttts frorn the false
belief that the first job they choose has to
be their life's work. According to tire Major
Decisions booklet, career planning is not an
irreversible process: “You cart change
career directions wirertcvcr your talents and
needs dictate, because these attributes are
continally being cltatrgcd arid reshaped by
vocatiortal experience."

Spectet'ntan emphasized that a career is
ttot ready-made. “Many people ltavc a
static view of a profession. They try to place
themselves irtto what they see as tlte pictrrre
of a profession.“ site said. “Most people
feel the profession will determine who you
will be when it's really yott who will make
the profession. You cart have art impact on
designing what your career will be like."

Of course there are tnarty graduates who
do find what they‘re looking for at the rigltt

tintc and the right price. Assistant Dean of.

Student Affairs liarbarrr Sclroortntakcr
poirttcd out the positive aspects of career
exploration. I‘l see a lot of competent
seniors filling good positions. l ltrrvc seen a
lot of success stories." Sehoorttturker said.
"i don't want it to sound pessimistic. The

 

“9‘13  , {J'jz‘ ‘

jobs are there and this school prepares the
students very well."

Part of the preparation that Schoon-
maker referred to is in the abundance of
referral sources the school offers to ltclp
stttdcrtts prepare for their careers.

The Career Planning and Placement Of-
fice alone offers a variety of career direc-
tion finding information. Along with offer-
ing resume workshops, videotapes on inter-
viewing. a monthly Career Newsletter. arid
a career library, the office gives a four-part
in depth Job Search Seminar Series. The of-
fice is located in UN} 69. For ruore infor-
mation call 45743251.

Other sources of guidance include
University Counseling Center (457-8652).
Middle liarth (457-7800) and CUE
(457-833l). Middle Earth will be conducting
a senior support group. (Call 457-7588 for
time and place). One of the most valuable
sources CUE has to offer is the Major Deci-
sions Booklet.

Most irnportatttly. Alexander suggested
to prepare for the career world by starting

early. “But if you haven‘t started already

don't worry about spilled milk - get started
now."

 

Mark Garner tr the managing editor 'of
the Albany Student Press and a staff
member at Middle Earth.

 

