 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

This week marks a departure from my
usual trivial style. Events of the past week
have made my typical chitter chatter about
local celebrities seem slightly more than
meaningless. l’m going to try and make this
weeks installment of my column mean
something.

The Russkies finally did it. They launched
the big strike, namely the old bomberino. i
spoke to some of my old Pals, and got their
reaction to the devestation ofthe nation. Al
Sloan ,owner of the local Budget Rent A Car,
told me that the bomb really damaged his
ﬂeet of its cars, but that most customers
wouldn’t even noticethe difference. "Why, I
haven't replaced a car in five years", said the
miserly Sloan, "and this may have hurt my
reputation among the local people. But now
that the Avis. Hertz, and National Rent A Car
buildings have been vaporized, my business
should improve greatly". Al’s a shrewd man,
and he knows his market.

Albany slumlord, Mrs. Dee owner of
dozens of ratraps and claptraps, said that
although the blast had knocked several
buildings down, SUNY students are “such
stupid morons that they'll take any'place
where they can move their stuff. It doesn't
matter if the place is a tent.“ When con-
fronted with the fact that she is the most in-
famous landlord in Northern New York
State, Mrs. Dee stated that she really didn't
care, although she was upset about the
several death threats she‘s received. "i’m
just an honest businesswoman with a lousy
name, and all I'm tryin to do is provide a well
needed service for all my friends at SUNY.
Now that SUNY is just chunks of concrete
and steel, i’m gonna have to find some illegal
aliens to rent to."

Speaking of SUNY, local columnist Barfey
Fouler said "Thank God them Commie Hip-
pie kids is (lead! I never liked any one of ’em.
That paper they had always put me down,
calling me things that i never even heard
before. Switching- I don't think that a loss of
a major university will hurt our community.
Them lousy kids only spent their money on
taking pot and other drugs. Why they
couldn’t be real Americans and drink I'll
never know".

Thousands of State workers will have to
find something else to do come Monday

   

morning, as the State Ofﬁce Campus is now
mingled with SUNY and the Pine Bush.
Mario Cuomo , governor, vowed to try and
ﬁnd jobs for his pals. “Sure it's gonna be
tough, but we’ve always had a great system
of political patronage in the State, and I see
no reason why a couple of thousand
megatons should change anything”.

Ed "How am I doing" Koch , Mayor of
the City of New York, probably regrets his
remarks about Suburban life being sterile.
Rumor has it that that last term now applies
to the mayor himself. Erastus "what am I
doing" Coming , in Boston, told me in a
radio interview that he feels real bad about
Albany being little more than a crater. “it
took me forty years to build up that hole, and
now that’s exactly what it is". The interview
was cut short by the Mayor's ﬁve pm water-
mg.

 

Rlp Rowan-(lid Ire cruise u nuclear lioloeausl?

Lark Street, once the hotbed of Albany
nightlife, is now a hotbed of radiation. toe
Slash , owner of 478 Lark Street, a place
Considered to be the best bar in the state,
said "Now that we're gone, maybe people
will appreciate us, and not call us a phony
punk place. i‘m not bitter, you understand.
How can i be bitter after all those years of
people paying 2 dollars to squeeze into our
upstairs closet on the pretense of dancing.
it's really incredible what people will do to
be 'cool’ ". To be fair, 478's reputation had
become tarnished in the last few years, as
bums and transients forced the leather clad
girls out. Still, 478 will be missed, especially
now that everything else is destroyed.

Pop Sickle , owner of WXXA,
Albany‘s newest television station, sounded
frustrated that 85 percent of his audience is
either dead or blind. "We just get the hall
rolling, and the lousy Russians spoil
everything. I wouldn’t be too surprised if
Dick Wood, Rip Rowan and Mac from TV 13
all had something to do with this. How are

 

OUR FOOD

ISSTILL FREE E FRAME

REAL

Daily Contaminated
Specials

Monday — Chilled Canned
Cucumbers
Tuesday —~ Nuked Pheasant
Wednesday — Nuked Spam Roll
Thursday -— Poisoned Meat
Friday — Radioactive Fish

 

$10.00

 
 
  
  
       
  

Hot Sgt:

by C. terry Booth

One of The Capital District's most chic
restaurant clubs is boasting something new.

The busy Art Deco diner, the Drag and
You, at Oscar Madison Avenue in Albany,
has a reputation for fine meals, served ’round
the clock. It has, until now, had a "no reser-
vations neccessary" policy.

All that has changed. To get a seat in the
trendy "Dreg" is next to impossible. Most
are lucky if they can squeeze up to the win-
dow to check out the mufﬁns. Albany’s The
Dreg and You has finally made the big move
towards "restrictive admission”.

Owner Oyve Gevalt feels that Albany was
ready for the change. "I go down to the City
and | see people waiting to get into
Danceteria or Studio or the classy Oren &
Aretsky’s. They like waiting to be picked. it
makes them feel that what’s inside is more
important. I love to watch 'em squirm,
wondering if they’re cool enough to get in. i
go nuts when i see them tapped, trying not
to smile or rush as they walk in the door".

Why Gevalt feels Albany is fair game for
restrictive admission is due partially to bars
like Beirut’s and E. T. '5 that keep people
waiting to get in. “By being restrictive, we
carry the game a little further. Now you don’t
iust come in and order your lumber jack,
drink coffee for 3 hours, then leave. You
order the Tender Baby tieef Liver even
though you hate it. But you eat it because
everyone else does. i can make ‘em eat
anything now. The Keith Richards Burger
($10.50) and the Warhol Watercress Salad

 

we going to sell ads, now that our audience
is really small? in fact, who are we going to
sell ads to? I knew that the other stations
hated us because we stole half their au-
diences from them, but i never thought that
they’d incite a war to deal with us.” Dick
Wood, fluff-headed anchorman at WTEN
and winner of the Ted Baxter award for an-
nouncing quality, said that while he was sure
that the war would have some effect on the
Capital District, he wasn’t sure what it would
be: “Gosh, this whole thing has us all in a tiz-
zy over here at Channel Ten, your news sta-
tion, but I don’t know what we’ll say about
it. Right now, we’ve slotted the story behind
the really big news item, the victory of the
Albany-Colonie A’s over those nutty
Shakers”. Wood seemed oblivious to the
fact that the entire A's team was consumed
in the initial fireball, and that the Shaker's
home area was a parched, scorched

The Dreg’s at Downtown Hit

($9.95) are both doing well, but we sell more
of the Kelths on weekdays than weekends.
because we’re letting in a different crowd."

And who does the "letting in"? I talked to
doormen Serge Cosaire and “Flamingo”
Gianeto to see what they look for. Serge said
he goes for that "Cleopatra hairstyle , dark
eyes, and dull clothes. 1 only let in guys or
they’re with women. Women are more fun
anyway, and they dress better.” Flamingo
said he goes for a flashier look. "The OIlter
night, all the way in the back of the line, by
loseph Buxom Sailors,i saw a brunette with
wild, curly hair and red lipstick. She had on a
white tux shirt, shimmering green bowtit-
and long red leather gloves. Outrageous! i
simply had to let her in-she had so moth
pizazz."

Stiv Durschlag, author of “lerry Doesn't
Live Here Anymore," is a frequenter of llii‘
Dreg. Said Stiv, "it's a cool place to he. The
food is cool, the coffee is hot. and so are lllt‘
chicks. The music is a little loud, bttt it gm“.
the joint more of a club atmosphere. They
play a lot of Nina Hagen, Grace tones, i.t|k
ing Heads, and Adrian Belew at night. Mum
ings it's Eno, Anthony Philips, Berstm, tllltl
Vangelis. There's talk about adding a siagtu
but nothing is in the works just yet." \Vltt'n
asked why he keeps coming back, Stu silltl,
"...the seafood. | used to be an Untlt-twa t-t.
plorer, and I know fish. My IthUTllt‘ is tin:
stuffetl Man ’0 War. It's great!!!"

For a twist to your eating and tliililltlit:
plans, slide over to The Drug and You. It'll
‘em Jerry sent you.

1

wasteland. "Gosh, l’m sure shocked liy Ilt.ii
news," he remarked, "anti i’m stirt‘ \\t' ll

find some time to cover it, if Marti ilimt s
story about the man with 3 tats tltwsn't with
too long”.

We here at Metrolame, in ottr lti'\('r on.
ding quest to provide you, ottr loyal ll‘.ltlt‘l'~,
with quality investigative reporting lilt'tlﬂl‘
that we will contiue our style or trutalmng

every possible thing that we tan. Ronald
Wilcoks , music journalist par t'.\tt‘ll.|tli tr

vowed to continue plugging hands and .tt is
that stroked his enormous ego. luan Ruhik ,
the man behind those inane ptu/lt-s that

adorn our k pages every week, has jit‘i
sonally pro....sed to do his utmost to iirtnlilt'
his fans with moronically easy, .titiitiyliit;
puzzles week after week, even it llit‘it"

noone alive to do them. Anti I protntst- to
work just as hard digging up boring, stttpttl
stories to it Ni).ltt'

 

 

Skin

GET BOMBED

HOUR

2-4, Mon.-Fri.

Mushroom Clouds $2.00
Radiation Sunrises $4.00
Chicken. Stubs $6.00

(just north of

888-8888

800 Boy-
onTeddy Rd.

the equator)

EVRY D Y
12:00 P.M.-2 A.M.

 

 

ADS 8: FREE ADS

 

 

 
 
 
  
 

Fridays are ‘
Skin Days

11 p.m.- 3 am.

7- 10 a.m.
Live Dermatology
with the

Skinny Dippers

  

free hand lotion
4- 9 pm.

 
    
     

 

 

   

Love Canal Theater

Thursday
April 21

The Cure 8 AM.

Operations on stage

 

 

 

' O00......OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO

The Dreg & You
i Deli

Oscar Madison Ave.
(Located between Ontario St Quail)

OPEN 24 HRS.
8 DAYS A WEEK
Watch for our see food menu.

, Lumber Jack----$10..95

, Proper dress required. ,

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Fun for the
Nuclear family!

liADlANT lBiROTl-liﬁlits
TRAVELLING CIRCUS

“ Electrifying ...”
Friday

 

April 22 8 RM.

Some of these events made possible with public lunds lrom the New
York State Council on the Nuclear Arts and National Endowment for Nukes.

 

 

Tickets available at Doctor's Box Office

 

 

“It’s a shoe-in!”

— D.R. Scholl

DUSTIN TH EWIN D‘

TERI CLOTH

JESSICA
HARANGUE

 

1mm WITH YOUR

Footsie

WITH: BUSTER BROWN, THOM MCCANN, JOE TOESI SUZIE SHOES, FRED
BRAUN, HY FRYE, ANTONIO CAPIEZIO, NORM CORN, ENDICOTT
JOHNSON, BOBBY SOX, MS. DINGO. ALICE CALLUS, MIKE NIKE, TIM
BERLAND, AL DIGITITUS, DUCK CHEUSE, LEE THERUPPER, ROBERT
SOLE, SY ZTHURTEEN. PENNY LOAFER

SIZE

A 20th Century Reproduction

 

 

and nuclear fallout shelters near you.

 

 

 

‘3‘?- ee-

     

 

  

Downtown Mom‘s Premiere Rock Club

 

Feb. 29—

”THE DRONGOS”

with special guest- OINGO BOINGO

 

Sept. 31— “THE BONGOS”

singing the ‘ Wango Tango’

 

Jan-32— “THE CONGOS”

special appearance by RINGO!

 

Dec-35— “THE WRONGOS”

singing their hit, “Wrong ‘em Boyo”

 

 

April 33— “THE PING PONGOS”

singing a remake of“My Ding-a-ling”

 

 

 

 

METROLAME/ April 1983

 

METROLAME/April 1983

 

 

