   

a

 

V aspects on tuesday
12

N~ -mp>

mono...

 

 

N ow The Fun Starts

as. it’s April again and a young
man's fancy turns to baseball.

After a full month of being entic-
ed by Spring Training 'results. each and
every American citizen ls more than ready
to hear the hallowed words “play bal
once more. However. with the arrival of
baseball each spring comes a conflict that
each individual must wrestle with iti his
mind. ls It better to watch the Mets' open—
Ing day game at Shea or in the comfort of
your owrt living room?

r.“ iii." 'i H " " 
isqmtseoasiding
i = at ‘ r



After having witnessed the triumphant
return of Tom Seaver and his mates from
our seats In section 29. row 9 of the mez-
zanine. we must ask ourselves this question
one more time. We Will weigh the good
and the bad. and you can draw your own
conclusions.

Let's start with transportation. To get to
Shea It is necessary to take buses and
trains. spending upwards of four dollars.
unless you happen to be among the
privileged few who have access to a vehi-
cle. Coming fornt the north fie. Rockland.
Westchester). one tnust rise at 8 a.m. in
order to catch batting practice The trek In
from the island Is far easier. allowing for
much extra sleep. The danger here Is the
possibility of the fan developing a cockiness
that may cause him to arrive late for the al-
fair.

On the other hand. If one opts to remain
at home. all he has to do is turn on the TV.
lie down. and enjoy. The fan can roll out of
bed at 1:00 pm. eat breakfast. and still
have plenty of time to catch the pre-game
festivities at 1:30. No unpleasant train or
bus rides. no hassles - just the sanctity of
your own home.

There's also the possibility of arriving at
the ballpark and discovering (as we did)

 

.¢

 

ourney made more moncy last
year than The Rolling Stones or

The Wl‘o did on their national
tours. Does that make them great? Not
necessarily. but their last album Escape
sold 5.3 million copies and that makes
them popular to say the least. With this
knowledge it was with trepidation that I
listened to Journey's new album Frontiers.
Would It be a commercial sell-out, a suc-
cess by association rather titan on its own
merit? Well Jonathan Cain (former
keyboardest for The Babys) has done a lot
to keep Journey credible.

 

Megan Gray Taylor

Unfortunately. Journey's new frontiers
only hold out for side one of the album.
Not only Is the classic Journey sound there
with the big hit single “Separate Ways". but
also a softer. really effective sound on
songs like “Send Her My Love" and
"Faithfully." Cain's songwriting ability
shows through In both these songs and
adds a needed dimension to the Journey
repertoire.

“Separate Ways" may be the big hit
single but i would cast my vote for
"Falthfully" as the best song on the album.
Reminiscent of the love songs of Yes. this is
a touching song of a musicians life and the
love he must continually leave behind.
Lyrics like "Two strangers learn to fall/in
love again/l get the joy/Of rediscovering
you” capture that sense of love that stands
“faithfully forever." The other ‘soft' song
“Send Her My Love" Is a joint effort of
Cain and lead vocalist Steve Perry. Again
the combination of a haunting melody and
believable lyrics makes this song work. Side.
one’s only real failure is “After The Fall"
which suffers the fate of many Journey-
sorigs » deadly repetition. Lyrics like “Ca'n't
stop fallin'/Heartaches callin'" should give

   
     
  
 
     
  
 
  

‘ that your seats are situated somewhere in

l the Arctic Circle. while at home you're
always assured of a good seat unless un-

I wanted guests are present. At this point.
we'd like to forewarn you of the perils of
section 29 and all adjoining sections. To
put It bluntly. don't ever sit there. There is
an overhang which severely obstructs your
view of the right field. not to mention the
total blocking out of the scoreboard due to
the angle of the seats. To add to‘yuur
-WU€S. the infamous overhang impedes the
spectators' view of the factiilled Diamond
Vision board, You must stialii your neck
litcessantly in order to see Bob Ballor's vital
statistics. At home. unless your mother
decides it's time to vacuum the living room
during a ninth Inning Mets rally. you will
always have an unobstructed view of the
game.

The sounds you will hear at the ballpark
and in your living rootn are also In direct
contrast with each other. At Shea. you will
be assaulted by the drunken vulgartties that
spew from the pot-bellied. unshaveii
hooligans who Inhabit the cheaper seats.
On the other hand. what will be gracing
your 'ears while viewing at home Is the
melodious tenor of Hall of Farrier Ralph
"Followed by myself" Kiner or your mother
asking you if you‘d like a few hotdogs -
which brings us to the subject of food.

A question on which the jury Is still out is
whether it is more enjoyable to eat ballpark
food or homemade food. At Shea. one
can purchase a jumbo frank for $1.75 or a
normal one for $1.25 and the great half
chocolate-half vanilla ice cream for 95
cents. As Is well-known by all, there is
nothing like a ballpark frank. not even one
prepared at home by your mother. An area
In which home food has an edge. though.
is sheer quantity of selection. but even this
is contingent on whether shopping has
been done recently As you can see. the
choice is difficult - free access to Twinkles
or those great peanuts In the shell?

Although 48.626 Metophites ventured
out to Shea to witness Torn Seaver's return
In person. we're wondering how many of
these will opt for the comfort of their home

 

Side two of Frontiers is even less ex~
citing. Cain and Perry team up with Neal
Schon (lead guitarist) on all the songs ex-
cept “Back Talk" on which they worked
with Steve Smith (drummer). None of
these songs have any originality, melody or
noteworthy lyrics. This Is very early. heavy
metal Journey sound rehashed to fill the
other side of what could have been their
strongest album so far. {The'tttle song
"Frontiers" is a good example of the worst
of Journey. Lyrics as forced and trite as
"We put hope in front of fear/And all the
hei'bes/ Have gone East of Eden" are back-
edipp by really boring music. The only sav-
ing race on many of these songs is the

 

you an Idea of the lack of musical variety

 

that accompanies them.

 

strong musical talent of Schon on guitar
and'Smlth on drums. These two should
' ., ,. _r .

 

Seaver's return

we'd rather have our feet
on the table, equipped with
Oreos while watching 11

us out to Flushing.

 

‘ writing to Perry and C

 

In the future and ltow many wIll brave the
elements at Shea. As for us. we're like
anyone else - most of the time we'd rather
have out feet on the talile. equipped with
Oreos while watching a Mets telecast. but
there will be times when our sense of
adventure leads us out to Flushing.

Futureulsion: This week. we're Introduc-
ing a new feature. We've decided that it
would be proper and fitting to present an
award to that television viewer whose view-
Ing stood out above that of his peers during
the course of that week. This week's

False Frontiers ' I

stick to the playing and leave the 'song
aln.

Someone said to me when i started this
review, "if you've heard one Journey song
you ve heard them all." i disagreed then
but now l'm not so sure. There Is a distincf
similarity In the opening of “Send Her My
Love" and "Troubled Child" (the only de-
cent song on the second side). There Is
also a common theme of troubled love and

individual against society" In all their
songs. So why has Journey been so
popular for ten years?

The answer lies In thei
‘ r ' r ability to turn out
,grlnegr‘eally exceptional work and their
algjtgto grow and change. With their last
I” m Escape they started Into a more

 

 

f

Although 48,626 Metophiles ven-
tured out to 'Shea to witness Tom
in person,
wondering how many of these will
opt for the comfort of their home in
the future and how many will brave
the elements at Shea. Asfor us, we’re
like anyone else- most of the time

i
Mets telecast,~ but there}
will be times when our
sense of adventure leads

  

. . . One and not the backsliding of side two .

  
    
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 

we're

‘.
y,

 

Richard M. Weissberg Meirtoriui (\Il‘ittif
goes to John Michael Cotisidtiii- ltilili
I Michael was flawless In his sports \‘It‘\' llitj
deflty catching each New York \[ttrll
scaster's report at 6:00 and not niiwn-i .i
single sporting event. He was also \U‘ll
rounded: soaps. sit—corns. and ftisl runs
were also part of his repetoire. Ctillfliitllllit
tions John Michael.

We'd like to apologize for not having lliitl
an article In last Friday's Aspects. iiiii it.-
were on special astgnment. We will do iitIi
darndest In the future to never repmi \lti l]
an atrocity.

 

 

adult contemporary sound along with their
‘hard rock classics. They have changed Pvt"
sonnel several times and with each change
gotten stronger (the most notewm‘tliy
Changes being Steve Perry's addition Iii
1977 and Cain's addition in 1981).

From the powerful “Chain Reaction"
and “Edge of the Blade" to the more Slilillt‘
"Send Her My Love'I and “Fatthlully” llit'
group I5 still expanding and for that reason
alone Frontiers Is the right title for tltls
album. The album was produced by the
dynamic duo of Mike Stone and Kerri!
Elison. and the quality of this lCCUTtlliill "'
really good. We can only hope that this will
not be Journey's final frontier and that
future work will show the progress of side

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ock—n—Roll Ballet

 

 

would

End Of Th

handy symbol for Capital Reper-
tory Company's entire produc-
tion of Thornton Wilder's The
Skin Of Our Teeth is the mammoth
costume in Act One. Despite a tacky ex-
terior and a tendency to loosen at the
seams. the Cap Rep production makes the
best of rt limited budget. (I wildly energetic
Last. and a Nuclear Age topicaliiy to create
a hugely entertaining version of the 1042
classic
Andy Carroll
The Skin of Our Teeth is Wilder's
somewhat truncated ltislory of the world.
seen through the eyes of the George An-
trobus family. whose members are not only
larger than life. but larger than myth. Criss-
crossing religious and social paths paved by
any of a number of the world's religions.
the fantin broadcasts its particular version
of the world drama — lce Age. the Great

Flood. the Garden of Eden. and the War of _

the Worlds — from their living room In Ex-
celsior. New Jersey. and from the board-
walk of Atlantic City. Father Is the Great
Provider. Inventor of the wheel and the
alphabet. arid president of the great society
of mammals. Mother is a firm stand-by-hts-
sider and great advocate of the sanctity of
home and family. which in her case Is over-
run by a rambunctious daughter and a son
who bears more than a passing
resemblance to a biblical character of stone
throwing. brotherkeeptng fame. Accom-
panying the whole brood is the somewhat
high-strung maid Sabina. who favors low
cut tops and screeching high-notes
whenever things tend to get out of hand,
which is often.

First of all. it is the ice Age. which implies

all sorts of physical and psychological
.dangers.

The family survives that
somehow, only to be threatened by a

' cataclysmic flood. Even a war of holocaust
V proportions can't destroy the family In this

fable, which Is the whole point. Behind Its
sarcasm. Its black humor. and heavy-

  

 

 

..4
a

 

'Art Kempf and Joan

handed Biblical allusions. The Skin 0/ Our
Teeth remains a primarily optimistc.
tremendoust theatrical comment on the
human condition. A

if you're as baffled as the maid Sabina.
who doesn't even want to appear In a play
whose author can't decide whether he‘s in
the ice Age or Suburbia. It's no surprise.
Although It won the Pulitzer In 1942 and
has remained a staple of high school drama
classes ever since, few can read it the first
lime with anything approaching ,clear
understanding. Like Our Town, it Is a play
to be per/armed, not read. When done on

 

. My; 
Kendall In'Capital Rep's p

(it every action there Is an equal
F and opposite reaction." With

sltglit modification. that piece of
physics Information could apply to the
music trends iii Britain In the last six years.
First came the pttiik bands (Sex Pistols.

Clash) groups that played raw. lean. but'

hard-driving Rock-ii-Roll There were
often heavy political messages in their
songs. and the word l‘laslilon." to punkeis.
merint little more than mutilation of both
body and clothing. The reaction to all thI.I
came a few years later. with the rise o
bands like Adam and the Ants. Durar
Duran. and Spandau Ballet. In contrast it
the punks. these bands had few or no

Robert Schneider

political messages it) pass along to their
listeners The music hecaiiie richer.
layered. and more complex in addition to
petfoiintng their music. the groups often
incorporated fashion shows into their livv
shows F.in makeup. feathers. etc adorn
t'rl liotlt the bands and “it'll fans Soon.
however. people began to criticize the
l’tist-ptnik hands .is living littkI inoii- than
glitter Ont- heavily (Illll'l/l'tl band was
Spainlnu Ballot 'l'lit-y ir'centlv released .i
new album. ’l‘riiv. and it proves beyond .i
shadow of .i doubt that they illt’ more than
ittst a passing shadow

It's the third l.l’ fioiii the popular English
lhllill. following Journeys to Glory iilltl
l)i(iiiiriiirf. To give an example of Just ltow
strong it ti-ptttntioii the hand has. fine
shipped (iriltl iii Iingland. entering the
charts at ’“i 'l‘wo singles from the record.
"Lifeline" rilKl "Coni'inunlcntton" have

' already gone ll) the Top Ten over there

They are currently on a torn of the UK.
playing to sold out houses wherever they
go They'll be touring in lltL' U S this sum~
mer‘. as it fairly majoi tour Is In the works

Guitarist and chief songwriter Gary
Kemp has stated that Spriiirlau Ballet ls
primarily a dance band 'l'ruv bears this
out. as practically every song Is danceable.
The album opens with “Communication” a
tune that Is very well endowed. The first
thing we hear is a stately Gothic organ.

6 0 S

l wall. where the two-man hand of Phile

 

t
5 3. ~ ,. .

roduction of The Skin Of Our Teeth

 

stage. the ideas flow as easily as the laughs.

That's especially true as It Is perforated at
Cap Rep. where director l-lichael Hume
has taken liberties with Wilder's script. He's
updated the Atlantic City scenes so that
they reflect the panrcularly decadent at-
mosphere of the modern. casino-lined
boardwalk, and added music wherever he
feels like It. He also proves adept at handl-
ing 'the large cast. the costume changes.
and the tricky production values of Cap
Rep‘s most ambitious project to date.
Scenic Designer Leslie Taylor has built a
balcony again.” the Market Theater’s front

 

. l'>»xl.\§ vy-viwvtr’vu "4.1.4 .. “Juno—p um ’i'.

 

tlon. with special emphasis on the rhythm
The chorus is reminiscent of a fairly recen

Perhaps the most impressive thing about

lead vocalist. Tony Hadely. The man It
blessed with an Incredible voice. one which
never grates on the nerves in “Gold”.
lladely Is.liteially given acres of room to
[move about. The band steps back. allowing
him to soar to fantastic heights What's
especially nice about this is that while his
style Is smooth as silk. he never becomes
‘scltinaltzy. a trap which all too many silky
(singers fall into in keeping with the fact
that Gary Kemp considers his band to be
dance-oriented. the lyrics arcI often
nonsense » "l'm sorry that the chairs are all
worn/l left them here i could have
.sworii/Tltesv ate my salad days/Slowly
being eaten away "

 

Aiiotltei big hit front the record It.
"Lifeline". The song begins with it chorus
llliil mimics the l’oiii Semi ins fulsetto style
llridley sounds .i l)tl liloI (.‘ultuie (,‘ltili's Boy
(image on Illl‘i one. although his voice is
much more resonant Jess Bailey dries r
marvelous Joli on keyboards. as he does
eveiywlwre else.

(iiiiups like l)ilii|il l)ltt‘r|li and ABC have
own influenced by Spaiidaii Ballet. and
vice veisrt “Foundation” beats more than
superficial ivsvntlilance to ABC's "Poison

Arrow". especially in the tempo arid
incklit-ai Most of the songs here are
listini‘tly British in performance and

.lesign An exception ocr urs .tt the beginn-
ing of "Foundation". where the listener is
treated to a very funky guitar and syn-
thesizer run It's ti combination of the lsley
Brothers and Rick James. mixed Into
Spitndau Ballet's own style

it's very difficult to come up with any
criticisms of True. The production. shared
by Tony Swain and Steve Jolley. lron'i
Bitnanarama and imagination respectively.

 

  

Is full and rich. All Spandau Ballet sets out
to do Is make you dance. And on that
note. the album Is a great success. ._l

Sultrtiioff and J Bruhhi Taylor noodles at
an organ and it set of drums

Doyvn on the stage as George Antrobus
there's Art Kempf. a bearded chap who
looks like a hefty William Windom. He's
believable as the patriarch. toying variously
with fatherly bluster. military machismo.
aitd middle age vulnerability As his wife.
Joan Kendall benefits from a resemblance
0t Nancy Reagan (at least iii her choice of

i precious outfits and cute hats) As their son

l'lt.’IIl_U. Chris Frucchiolla doesn't look quite
like anybody. with his dark. feral good
looks. and the satire. barely-under-the-
surface violence that made hint so good in
this year's Thr- Mound Builders.

The choicest role. however. belongs to
Ann Stoney. who borrows a little from the
early Barbra Streisand in her role as
Sabina. A mixture of seductress and yenta.
she makes Sabina's frenetic excursions in
and out of character the evening's
highlight. Stoney is a very funny wottian.

it would be criminal to leave out a few
other members of the cast who have allow-
ed themselves to be put to a variety of iii-
dignltles. Michael Arkin does sortie
agreeably smarmy work as a boardwalk
lounge lizard. doing the Greek chorus
number for the better of two acts. Deborah
Van Nostrand goes from little girl to world
weary mother with remarkable dexterity.
And Inside that mammoth suit (and outside
as the play's "director") is Cap Rep veteran
Richard Zobel. demonstrating his typical
versatility (and a shadow of his occasional
abrasiveness).

The play's off-stage hero is Lloyd
Watwaiole. who has created a surprising
number of exciting costumes. The most
memorable: the "Refugee" tableau of Act
One.

The Skin 0] Our Teeth Is Capital Rep's
final production of the year. and it exhibits
the qualities that have made it so special
throughout Its previous five productions:

 

the excitement Is as high as  budget Is
low. E]

Bot Scaggs song known as "Breakdown" .
fortunately. the similarity goes no further '

Wiﬂf utr‘w‘“

aspects on tuesday

13
A

p
R

which rapidly leads into full Instruinenta '

w...

Sprlilllriu Ballet is the depth and talent of Its (

i

 

 

  

{tau-u «.

 

