   

  
   
 
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

OCTOBER II.I983

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

     
   
  

     
      
    
 

 

«I

. i,

 

 

. . ;

' ‘ I. “ "IN-ll .'
My” 4 _ xv" . a” W  I)“

 

    

  

, n... nos-ll" 

   
 
 

 

ED MARUSSICH Ui'S‘.

Albany's John Donneliy. in front of an Owl defender. receiving pass

from Bob Brien...

27-yard pass play as the Danes won 22-12.

['0 MARUSSICH UPS

'...who completed a 75-yard touchdown pass on a wide receiver option. The duo also hooked up on 3

Albany upsets Southern Connecticut, 22-12

By Marc Berman
Ni’utll ll RIfIﬁ'R

In what can be labeled as a major
upset. the Albany State football
team, combining a new-found big-
play offense with their usual stingy
defense. shocked Division 11
Southern Connecdcut. 22-12. in
front of 5,100 stunned fans at
Bowen Field in New Haven.

Three crucial offensive plays
helped the Danes up their record to
2-3: a trick play which resulted iii a
75-yard touchdown bomb thrown
by wide receiver Bob Brien. an
18-yard touchdown run by quarter-
back Mike Milano. and a 51-yard
touchdown reception by Pete
McGrath thrown by substitute
quarterback Rich Jones. who
replaced an injured Milano in the
fourth quarter.

Those three plays. a safley, and
another display of relentless hard-

Iritring defense were all the Danes
needed irt disposing of the Owls.
wirose wittning record dropped to
3-2.

For the Danes. it was more than
jttst a victory. in their eyes. it was
the kind of triumph that can trtrtr a
season around.

“We're a new team now." ex-
claimed Milano. “This pttnrps the
team: heating a powerhouse Divi—
sion 11 clttb. Everyone expected us
to be 1-4 right now. No way."

Milano's sentiments seemed to be
widespread in the Dane lockcroom
following the game.

“1 knew We‘d eventually becotne
a good football team; it was just a
matter of when." said Albany Head
Coach Bob Ford. “Our offense irnl
proved tremendously today. but
we're still far from perfect."

The Danes' offense played the
best game of the season by compil-
ing 284 yards. tripling last week's

output.

The opening drive of the game
scented to establish to the Danes
that their offense was capable of
moving llrc ball on Southern Con-
ncticrtt‘s defense, cvctt though no
points were registered.

Driving ()4 yards on seven rushing
plays to the Southern Conncticut
23. Miiano's first pass was in-
tercepted in the crtd zone.

"1 titink that first series was
critical because it gave the kids con-
fidence that they could move the
football. which is what a young
club always needs.“ said offensive
backfield coach Eddie Zaloom.
“That eotrfidencc carried us the
whole way."

After a scoreless first quarter for
both teams, the Danes finally struck
with 10:12 left in the half on a play
that bafﬂed the Owl defense.

Wide rccciver Bob Brien took the
ball on a reverse end around. in-

stead of running the ball. which he
did successfully last week
before fumbling it. Brien cocked
back his arm and unleashed a botrrb
to wide receiver John Donttcly.

With no Owl defender withitr 10
yards of Donneiy, he caught the
ball and sprinted into the endrone
to complete the 75-yard torrclrdowtt
pass.

"it's such a tough play to
defend,“ said Brien. “We really
fooled them."

“They weren't expecting it." said
Milano.“The defense were all com—
ing in."

Said Coach Zaloom: "The key to
the play was Brien's cool. He had to
throw the ball with a defender itt his
face. it was a super play."

The one touchdown lead held up
at halftime and even though the
Owls gained 138 total yards. the
Danes' dcfcttse came up with the
big play when they needed it.

[It the first five minutes of the sc-
cond half. the Danes scored all the
poirrls they would wind up needing.

Wayne Anderson took the open-
ing kickoff attd found daylight
dowrt the rightside for 46 yards put-
ting the Danes on the Owl 35 yard
littc. Five plays later Milano ran 18
yards for the score at 12:31 mark of
the third quarter on all inside
keeper which saw the sophomore
quarterback slip a few tackles.

The Dane momentum continued
to bttiid on the next possession
when Owis' pttntcr John [)upois let
a high strap go over his head into
the cndzonc. Dupois made a smart
move by hitting the ball out of thc
cndzone. costing Southern Cort-
neticttt two poirtts instead of a
possible six.

Down 16-0. the Owls started to
make their move scoring two
tottchdowns in the span of 1:25

9 22>

Netmen capture fifth straight SUN YAC crown

 

aacuttva SUNYAC crown last weekend.

runwamisawr «LL. s...

ERICA BPIEGEL has
The Albany State men's tennis team captured their fifth con-

 

By Keith Murder
\I,tll It‘Nlll'R

The New York Yankees, the Boston Celtics, atrd the
UCLA Bruins are all lcattts that have been associated
By winning their fifth
SUNYAC tilic itr a rtrw this past \vcckcttd. tltc Albany
State tttcn's tctrtris team has entered this select group,

The Danes captured 33 out of a possible 36 points iii
the nine lcam tournament. this was eight points itr
front of Buffalo University. the totrrnamcnl tunncr-

with the word "dynasty."

up.-

Albatry reached the final

Sean Reed 7-5. 3-6. 6-2.

round itr all
categories. The scoring of the final tontrd was as
follows: number one singles Dave Ulrich dcl‘eatcd an
extremely torrglr opponent, Russ 'l‘titrgaii of Buffalo
University. (rut. 6-]. Ken Wiritc of Buffalo got past
‘i‘onr Schnrit/ of Alharty 6-3. 6-4. Aftcr dropping his
first set to Buffalo‘s Dave Lowtnan 3—6. nrrmbcr three
singles Rob Karen cattle back strong to take lite next
two (r-i. 6-3. Scott Lircenc of llingharnton stopped
Dave Grossman irt three sets 4-6. 6-4, 6-4. .lay
Eisenberg, whose performance prompted coach Jim
Serbalik to say. "Jay played as close to his top poten-
tial as a‘player could.“ blanked Joe Davis of Buffalo
in the final round 6-0, 6-0. Mark Sanders. who came
into the tournament unseeded, turned some beads by
winning number six singles. He defeated Blnghamton's

 

losing 6-1.7-5.
('oaclt Scrhzriik

1n doubles play. rruttrbcr one Ulricit and Grossmttn
beat 'l‘ringali atrd
Ntrnrbcr two doubles Karen atrd Schmitr defeated
Davis atrd Mikc Rosillo of Buffalo without too much
trotrhlc (p2. ()2 The only loss the Danes suffered itr
lllc dortblcs was number three doubles as iiiscnhcrg
and Mike 1)crtnausky find their share of trouble
against Buffalo's teatrr of White and Tom Saunders.

1.owtnan of Buffalo 6-4. 6-4.

was eltrlcd with his team’s victory.

“This was a very cnjoyttblc wcckcntl, I‘m very hap-

py with the way titcy played. 1 was also pleased with

trittc tltcir consistency;

\Villlif.‘ [Ulti'lliilllclll

view,

ready to compete.

there wasn‘t otrc letdown ill the

n

it was also it grcat victory front thc players point of

Karen said. “This is my last year on the team; it was
a great season. i itad a lot of frttr, this is a great bunch
of guys. i'rn happy we did as will as last year's team."

l‘hc players were just as happy to will the tourna-
trtcttt for the coach as they were to win it for
themselves. The overall serrtirncttt of tire learn is that
Serbalik has a way of keeping them loose with his "go
for it" attitude. while at the same time he can get them

The players were obviously upset at

the loss of regular coach Bob Lewis to a back inillYY.
but were happy to get a coach of Serbalik's caliber,
who did a much more than adequate job of ﬁlling in.

 

VOLUME LXX

  
 

 
  

ALBA
STUD
PRES

‘32:

.-‘ M]

Y I --“”“N‘ .
T "October. 14, 1983

NUMBER 33

 

Peer attendance marks bus fee public hearings

 

By Jon Wlllmott

A public hearing by the SUNYA Task
force investigating a proposed bus fee drew
only ﬁve people at the Page Hall auditorium
on the downtown campus Thursday night.
However. 12 of 15 scheduled speakers strong-
ly opposed the fee.

The meeting was the last in a series of
public hearings on the fee. the first two of
which were held on Monday. Those two also
had a virtually tron—existent turtrotrt, with one
person showing up for tile 3 p.nr. to 5 p.tn.

 

hearing. and no spectators at the hearing held
from 7 pm. to 9 pm.

The task force. made up of students. facul-
ty, and administrators. was formed on
August 31 when University President Vincent
O’Leary postponed implementation of a bus
fee to allow greater input and evaluation of
the fec's implications.

At the start of the itearing. Shelton Bank. a
chemistry professor and the chairman of the
task force. explained that the group would
work itr three phases. the first being the
gathering of information tlrrorrgir public

hearings and visiting other campuses. in the
‘second phase, he said. the committee will
analyze the information . Lastly. they will
prepare a report to be presented to University
.President Vincent O‘Leary. Bank also en-
couraged the audience to write to the task
‘forcc with their idetts.

Of the 15 scheduled speakers on Thursday.
only two. Van Henri Wltite. u Wellington
stttdetrt, and a Feminist Alliance represen-
Itative. did not appear. The speakers
represented groups including Albany city
government. Central Council. Off-Campus

 

 

 

SUNYA bus at university circle; inset: Bus lee task force Chair Shelton Bank

ROBERT LUCKEV UPS

 

One speaker charged u 1qu fee is discrimination against off-campus students

Association. and both on and off-campus
students. Only one speaker. off-campus stu-
'dent Kenneth Weeves. posed no objections to
the proposed fee. Although he admitted he
found it hard to catch a 9 a.rn. bus ttptown.
ire said he didn’t see “bus service as a part of
education." In reply to objections to more
fees, he cited the mandatory Student
Associatiott i‘ce. saying that “both the SA
and the bits service are good things."

The remaining 12 speakers spoke against
the fee from a vrrricty of positions.

Robert Coleman. representing the Albany
Division of Traffic Safety. trotcd that many
students frequent bttrs away from campus
and added that "if they're drinking uc don‘t
watrt titcrn driving." ilc further noted that
the bus service helps “keep otrr strccts
safe." Several speakers said they corr-
sidcrcd the implementation of a bus fee. a
“btcrtch of contract," Adattr lhtrsky. the SA
cottrptrollcr. said that buses are part of the
cctttral educational services that are included
in tttition. He said ltc considered it a breach
bccatrse students hav'c paid in advance, and
bus service is required in a split cartrptts sittta—
tion. He also protested that the issue was the
university‘s problem because they had
already accepted the responsibility of pro-
vidirtg bus transportation.

The alicttatiott of ALttnrni Quad residents
was also raised. Maurccn Ryan. Central
Council Alumni Quad representative. ob-
jected to the fee because it "will be seriously
restricting the interchange between the up-
town and downtowrt campuses."

“Discontinuation is discrimination against
.off-carnptts students," charged Off-Campus
Association representative. Robert Fishkin.
trotirrg his own dependence on the bus ser-
vice.

Stevcn Waldman. an Alumni Quad stu-
dent. added that “a lot of students don‘t ex-
pect to be living downtown." He also noted
that the present system is already "skeletal."

12>

Area campaigns heating up as election nears

 

By Robert Gardlnler

assoc/A TL" NEWS EDI TUR

 

SUNYA students will have the opportunity
to get involved in local politics with this
November 8th's general election. They will
be eligible to vote in contests for 3 legislative
districts’ seats along with a number of city
and county seats.

All SUNYA students are eligible to vote in
city-wide elections except the Guilderiand
22nd district (indian and one ltalf of Dutch).

in a prominent cottrrty race for which all
SUNYA students are eligible to vote, incum-
bent Democrat .lim Coyne, holding the office
of County Executive. is opposed by a 1978
SUNYA graduate. I’attl Burgdorf. who is
rtrnning as botlt Republican and indepen-
dent.

Coyne has held the post for eight years,
btrt has recently come under fire as a result of ‘
Times Union reports of mismanagement of
County funds. The Times Union reported
yesterday that Coyne called for an audit of
county purchasers.

Burgdorf explained that he felt the courtly
had been wrongly represented because of a
history of 52 years of Democratic control.
“The cottnty treeds a system of checks and
balances," he said. “which it would get if it
elected a Republican to the office."

According to the Albany County Board of
elections the county had 79,142 registered
Democrats last year compared to 40.892
Repttbiicans. By contrast, last year tirerc
were 44,354 Democrats compared to 2.732
Republicans registered in the City of Albany.
according to the Albany County Board of
Elections.

irt Guilderland district 22, which included
all ofindian Quad and one halfof Dutch. in-
cumbent Republican Kevin Moss is contested
for his position of town supervisor by
Democrat Francis Melfe.

Moss, a local lawyer who has held the posi—
tion since January of 1982. was instrumental
in creating the new Gttilderland district 22.
which is mostly popuplated by SUNYA

students. He also helped provide a poliirrg
place at the SUNYA gymnasium.

Melfe, who works for the New York State
Division of Youth, attd who ltas never held a
political office before. graduated from
Mount Saint Mary College in Maryland in
1954. He said ire felt that Moss is not pro-
viding adequate service to the town.

“Mr. Moss is what 1 call a 1’.M. super-

 

80
A

60

. 40. 892

Numbers In ten: of thousands
o is is Is is ls l

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Democrats

- Republicans

 

 

 

34.354

  

2. 732
_

 

County

 

City

 

 

ASP GRAPHIC HOLLY PREETI

Comparison of Albany county and city voter registration In 1982
Democrats are overwhelming majority in Albany _

visor. He works in a law firm in the trtorrting
and does not devote full time to the job.
Kevin is a nice guy but he has a lack of
managerial abilitcs." said Melfe.

Melfe pointed out that officials of
Guilderland are always contplaitring about
the Democratic machine of Albany cottttty.
bttt “a Repttblican machine htts existed in
Guildcriand for 113 years." ire said. He
stated that it was his desire to be bipartisan itr
regard to the town board. and that no
Republicans or others on the board ttccd fear
their position if he were elected. Melfe added
that he believes in nterit. not political afﬁlia—

~ lion in appointive positions.

Moss. who was appointed Town Judge in
1978 and then later filled the position oi
Town Supervisor, graduated from Sicna Col-
lege and Albany Law School in 1972 and was
admitted to the bar in 1973. He has had trial
law practice with the city firm i-lesson. Ford.
Sherwood and Whalen (no relation to the
mayor).

Moss countered Melfe‘s claims of inade-
quacy by tnentioning his. and the board‘s.
work on the new Gttilderiand budget, which
includes outlays of over $4 million. "The
budget this year provided for a44 percent tax
cut." according to Moss. "1 don‘t know
how you could do that without managerial
abilities." he asserted.

Both candidates said they consider strident
voting rights in their college town as impor-
tant to student life. Moss said his actions in
the past over the establishment of a SUNYA
polling place has proved his case. “The

students add to the dimensions of the com-
munity." said Moss. Melfe stated that be
15>

 

 

 

