V i ),

     
  

 

 

.. Wm..— ...i. - .s .— .. _-'...- uwuw.-.wewv-u
u. -s ..'—~_—,..u o no...“ .... s.._...........

. ‘ ,4 u... an   .. ...  .   _
., .., 0...;  afﬁﬂl‘u‘iﬂl'wmhaua-I ._.M.,..,.,.,,,,,, b, . , .. . ._ . ._-.. _ ..- . . .. -m—

 

 

by David L.L. Laskinl

  

 

I“l love you." I

. Three simple words which. when proclaimed, mumbled,
,chanted, whispered, belloTved, scrawled, carved, painted,
isculpted, broadcasted or stamped on aluminum and shot out into
i deep space, in their proper sequence, form the most complex, in-
;comprehensible and — on occassion — profound sentiment in
, human relations. It has been glorified and romanticized ad in-
if: ' finitum, and at times elevated above God, country and morality.
 . After millenia of oversimplification, oversentimentalization and
_ . oversensualization, romantic love ran into a brick wall with existen-
 tialtsm.

a Existentialism is fundamentally two things: a philosophy of ex-

 
   
 
  

: 1t. “15‘:

 

 

 

istence (existentialtsm), or a so-called movement of the 18th and
19th centuries (Existentialism), which many claim to, but few truly
understand. A philosophy of existence implies that men and
women must deal with reality —— their perceptions, hermeneutics
and actions — in a very spontaneous, sensitive, and creative man-
ner. ft is taboo to turn our perceptions of the world around us and
our own lives into stagnant, contrived objects, and to depend upon
preconceived notions of human nature and action in creating our
ethics. ft is simply the chaotic continuum of existential reality which
is the raw material from which we participate in the ongoing pro~
cess of being,.and creating ourselves.

Based on this tip-of-the-iceberg explanation, one can derive a
rough sketch of the notion of existential love. A good focal point is
the idea of objectivity. Lovers cannot allow themselves to treat
each other as objects, basing and running the relationship on
preconceived notions of love, romance, and their own per-
sonalities. They must respect each other’s individual freedom and
creative potentials. The relationship, like the individuals. is a
dynamic process, requiring the same sensitivity to existential condi-
tions (such as the changing emotions of the partners) and spon-
taneous creative power. A romantic love is one which is mired in a
stagmant prison of objectivity, delusion and human weakness, and
divorced from the freedom, spiritual strength and dynamic par-
ticipation in the mystery of being which marks an existential love.

Two of the most romantic love scenes known to
mankind are the balcony scene from Romeo and Juliet
and the airport scene which climaxes the ﬁlm
Casablanca. Imagine what would have become of
these two scenes had Riel: Blaine and Romeo been
cast not as classic romantics. but as great existential
lovers.

The Casablanca dialogue is takert from the published script of the filrrt, written by Julius Epstein,
I Philip Epstein and Howard Koch.

ITheyh‘omeo And Juliet dialogue is taken from The Riverside Shakespeare. 2-“

3

 

 

ILSA: Last nigltt~

RICK: Last night we said a great many
things. You said i was to do the thlnklttg for
built of as. Well l've done a lot of it since
then and it all adds up to one thing. You‘re
getting on that plane with Victor where you
belong.

ILSA: But Richard no. . .

RICK: Now you've got to listen to me,
What's between us is‘nothlrig more than that
uriconquerable prirriltim- instinct which
drives men and warrant together,- mu
desperate yearning to perpetuate and afﬁrm
our ontological existence. using each other
as the instruments u] that tragic (lustre. Your
love with Victor transcends this carnal realm.
The sul/ering you both experienced when
Victor was in a concentration camp and you
thought him dead has untied your souls in a
bond of pain and sorrow, a bond whlcli is
the only vehicle to true spiritual love. isn't
that rigltt Louie?

LOUIE: l'm afraid Rick's right, Madame.

ILSA: You're saying this only to make me
gol

RICK: l'm saying It because it's true. inside
of us we both know you belong on that plane
with Victor. Hc is on a allusion to achieve a
higher. more deeply human gratification and
nil-perpetuation, [or more substantial than
the [lasting gratiﬁcation of our tragic carnal

love. And you're a part oi his work. the thing‘

 

 

that keeps his going. I] you stayed here with
me. we'd end up together in crrirrity and
dislllusion. if that plane leaves the ground
and you're not with him. you'll regret It.
Maybe not today, maybe not tomorrow, btit
soon and for the rest of your life!

ILSA: Hut what about us?

RICK: We'll always have Parts» We didn't
have --— we'd lost it until you came to
Casablanca. Iiiit like all base, sensual luili'. it
was grounded in illusion, the illusion that
Victor was dead, and that we could it/Iirrn
and perpetuati- ourselves thorugh otir in
timacy. But that's not good enough, not to
keep you [rum when: you belong. lint we'll
always have the memory of Park; We got
that back last night.

ILSAI When lsaid I Would never leave you.

RICR: And you never will. But l'ire got alob
to do too. Like your husband. I'uc [mind in
myself a universal loue, inspired by the sul-
Icrlng o] my IeIIow man. I have a duty to
lullill this transcendent love, to achieve sull-
perpatuatlori an a level higher than the sen-
soul and the transitory. Where l'm going you
can't follow; what We got to do you can't be
any part of, or we’ll trap each other in an it-
lusory world of tyranny and enslauemcnt.
Iorcuar denied the chance to‘create our lives
and a/ﬂrm our existencu in a manner bo/ltv
ting our higher. rational natural. Someday
you'll understand that. Not now. (pause)
Here's looking at you, kid.

JULIET: 0 Romeo, Romeo. wherefore art
thou Romeo?

lieny thy lather and refuse tith name;

()1 If thou wilt not, be but sworn my love.
And l'll no longer be a Capulet.

ROMEO: (aside) Shall i hear more, or shall
I speak at this.

JULIET: 'Tis but thy name that is my
i'ln‘my,

I‘iinu art thyself, though not a Montague.
\t’itiri's Montague? It is nor hand nor foot,
Nirt arm nor face (nor any other part)
lii'lunglng to a man. 0, be sonte other
irattrel

What’s iii a name? That wltich we call a rose
lSy .trry other word would smell as sweet.
3w Romeo would. were he not Romeo call-
ml
iii-u.- not his will to power compromised by
that word.

itnmin that dear perfection which he owes
\triirutrt that title. Romeo, doff thy name,
And for thy name, wltlch is no part of thee,
Like all myself. And in our unity.

{\milrt'r Montague nor Capri/ct Iti()l't' shrill
u i' he,

flni wither like the innocent child.

rm minds and our hearts open to the world
In n'disroirer and afﬁrm our passionate
It rility

ROMEO: I take thee at Iliy word

1 .i if i'ruus quite a mouthful.)

i ii rni' but love and I'll ltt' new baptized;
it. i“ |'li)|lll l newt will in,- Romeo.

JULIET: What rrmn art thou that tlrur.
[nurfiiil'lti‘il to night
H i >lltiltliltlsl on rrry courri'll

ROMEO: fly a name

i know not how to tell thee who I am

My name, dear saint. is hateful to myself.
“course it Is an enemy to thee;

iiml | it written. l Would tear the world.

JULIET: My ears have yet not drunk a ltttt_i-
dri'd words

(ii tliy tongue‘s uttering. yet I know the
turtllttl.

Ail thou not Romeo, and a Montague?

ROMEO: Neither fair mnld. if either

tlrt't! dislike

for l have the fracdeam to create myself.
hintiicd but by my will and imagination:
by U Romeo thou canst not love.

l in!" Tom I'll be, or Dick. or Harry.

JULIET: How camest thou hither, tell me.
and wherefore?

The orchard walls are high and hard to
climb.

And the place death. considering who thou
art.

if arty of my klnsmen find thee here,

ROMEO: With love's llglrt wings did I
o‘erperch these walls,

For stony limits cannot hold love out.

And what love cart do. that dares love at-
tempt:

For in our anion, sweet Juliet, life. lone and
action

Shall quash the Cold logic and harsh absurdl-

9
Which reality places within our mortal souls.
'f'lrerefore thy klnsrrren are no stop to me.

JULIET: if they do see thee, they will ltlui'
ther thee.

ROMEO: Alas, there lk's more peril in lltliit‘
eye

Than lWL‘illV of their swords! Look thou htri
sweet,

And I am proof against llit'li uinniiy

JULIET: I would not for llll' Wirllil they saw

lllt’t' llt'lt!

ROMEO: l lrnvr- night's rloak to liltlt' liil'
Iroirr their own,

And if thou hut nrulrr'llt one on irfrp'i t o] [unit
loin' anon. lt‘l them find liit' lu'rt'.

My life were lit'llt'l l‘llill’tl hy lllt'll lrtrti'.
'l'liair ilt'atlr prorogued, wanting of mu
lli'i‘tlitlll

Alas, loving you only at. a slam-

(tut [lei-(fonts raged, each at llu' t‘.\[)('ll$i' o/
the ofln'r,

Neirei to meet, and t't)lllflfl|t‘ in glorious ex-
istential urilorr.

JULIET: lly whose direction fouiult‘st Iltou
out this place?

ROMEO: liy low. that first did pronrpt me
to inquire;

fle lent me council, and l lent hint eyes.

1 am no pilot, yet weri thou as far

As that vast shore washed with the farthest
sea, V
I should adventure for such merchandise.

JULIET: Thou knowest the mask of night is

on my face,
Elsa would a maiden blush bepatnt my cheek

For that which thou hast heard me speak
tonight.

Fain would i dwell on form, lain. fain deny
What i have spoke, but farewell compliment!
Dost thou love me? i know thou wilt say
it

And I will take thy word; yet. if tltou
swear‘st.

Thou mayest prove false: at lovers' perjurles
They say Caligula laughs. O gentle Romeo,
If tltou dost love me, pronounce it faithfully;
So many frups dost love set be are as;
Vanity. jealousy. regret, bitterness and
pride.

But one 0/ these delusions practiced.

And the best of loues becomes a sickness.
Or if thou thinkest i am too quickly won,
l'll frown and be perverse. and say thee nay,
So thou wllt woo. but else rtot for the World
in truth, fair Montague, i am too fond

And therefore thou mnyest think my
behavior light.

liut trust me Montague, l'll prove more true
'l‘lran those that have more coyirig to be
strange,

For my four.- for you, gentle Romeo

'l‘okt'th root not only in the flush, nor the
t‘nprft‘i' o] my heart

Hot in that garden a] iii/initi- growth and
i'n-ation, my will.

i should have been more strange. I lillitrl
confess,

flirt that thou overheardst. t’l't' l was wart'.
My llllt‘ love passion; llll‘rt'lttli' pardon me,
/\it(l not llltDltlt' this yt-llilirrg to light low.
Whli'lr the dark night hath so dist UVt'it'il

ROMEO: lady. by Uondt-r lrlrrssrrd rnooril
\ltl\\l
'i'lritt tips witlt ‘tIlUi‘i' all these fr’nlt-Irt-t' lirp‘.

JULIET: t), swear not by the moon. th'trr
constant inoorr,

'l‘hai monthly changes In her «'lri‘led orlr
Lest that thy love prove likewise variable.

ROMEO: What shall i swear by,

JULIET: Do lit)l swear at all

Or if thou wilt swear by thy gracious self,
Whlclt Is the god of my idolatry.

Swear by thy lreedeoni, tlry [or-itself.
Banish thy ln~itsell from thy sweat spirit,
And let no ob/ect come between our lone.
Neither you nor 1. nor out Iaue especially,
And l'll believe thee.

,ROMEOt If my heart's dear love—

JULIB‘I': Well, do not swear. Although I )oy
in thee.

 

l have no )oy of this contract to-nlght

It is too rash. to unadvlsed, to sudden,

'l‘oo like the lightening, which doth cease to
be.

Ere one can say It lightens. Sweet good
rrlglttl

This bud of love. by summer's ripening
breath

May prove a beauteous flow'r when next we
meet.

Good night, goodniglrtl as sweet repose and
rest.

Come to thy heart as tltat within my breast!

ROMEO: O, wilt thou leave me so un-
satisfied.

JULIET: Human llle, sweet Romeo,
begiricth on the [or side of despair.

This crcedo is thy fate; though shalt love it as
the fountain o] thy Il/c,‘

'I‘liou needs pass foreuer, through the
shadow o/ despair

Else thou art no longer being there

What satisfaction ('anst thou have tonight?

ROMEO: The exchange of thy lnw's
faithful vows for mine

JULIET: l have llll'l' llllilt' lu‘lrni' tlrnri ilidst
request it:
And \Jl'l I would It were to give it again

ROMEO: Wotild'si ilrou uitlrdrirw ir' it”

what ptilpow low”

JULIET: lhit hr be flank and gun- i‘. that-
again.
And yet l wish but for the thing I haw
My bounty is as boundless as llll' sea.
MU low is deep; the more i give to than,
The more I have, for both are infinite
No constraint binds my low [oi (It'llfft'
It’onri'o;
Ncit/rer nrlnd nor ﬂash. 0. god ol my
idolatry
This lone is no aesthetic r‘aprlco. no t'flilt'uf
structure;
"Its the agape, worn-n within flll' nary latm‘c
oi my being-itscll.

(Nurse calls within)
i hear some noise within; dear love. adieu!
Anon, good nursel Sweet Montague be true.
Good rtlght. good rtlghtl Parting is such
sweet sorrow.
That i shall say goodnight till it be mormw.

ROMEO: Love goes toward love as
schoolboy: from their books. '

But love from love toward SChOOl with heavy
looks. . .‘

 

