   
 

 

 

l!

W... “was...

4 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 7: NOVEMBER l5. I983

 
  

 

Central Council returns to ABC ’5 to develop new ideas

 

By Ian Clements
$74!? WRITER

__—_____
in an unusual meeting Wednes-
day night. Central Council passed
out crayons. arranged themselves in
alphabetical order and created a
game using alphabet cards to
discuss ideas and projects for Coun-
cil to work on in the coming year.

The two-hour session. which
preceded Council's regular meeting.
was organized by Council leaders as
a brainstorming session.

The purpose of the program.
which has been held in previous
years. was to bring "new ideas. new
blood" out into the open. accor-
ding to Council Chair Bob
Helboclt.

“This year's Council has not
been mm'ing as fast as last year's."
Helbocl; explained.

At the beginning of the meeting.
members were asked to first state
their names and something about
themselt-es that most people
wouldn‘t know. and then sit in
alphbetical order.

Early in the meeting a box 0'
crayons was passed around an..
each member was asked to talc
one. The :tayons. houmcl. were
ne\er used.

Council m~ bcr~ were tin-n ask-
ed to male 5 nouns on projects
that SA. and :ntta! t maul :Ould
work on Council's Lad-2st". Peg
Aldrich. sextet!) those sen-tat It‘tv
ters of the alphabet. \khcnctet a
Council member suggested an :Jea
beginning with one of ii:
that member was asked .
another (ouncrt member to reach
all the preceding Idca‘

Council later separated tnto
groups to diseuss these ideas “huh
included better screening tut
teaching assistants. 1: sidewall. tron:

 

 
 

-.: letters.

 

 

. house

UNIVERSITY CONCERT BOARD

*‘k‘k
***

WEDNESDAY NOVEMB
IN THE CAMPUS

 

the podium to the Social Science
bus stop. escrow accounts from
which off-campus students could
borrow rent money and an alter-
natitc banking service to Marine
Midland. There were approximately
35 issues brought up for discussion.

Helbock said that even if the
ideas are not acted upon by this
year's Council. they could serve as it
"background for people who may
want to build upon them in the
future."

Colonial Quad representaive
Nancy Killian declined to comment
on whether she felt the whole
brainstorming session was a suc-
cess. She noted. however. that the
meeting “gave academics and stu-
dent services (Council committees)
a lot of potential projects to work

 

it

Central Council

Members were asked lo L'ule [heir ItunrcfrTI—td stilllt’l/IIHL' ulmirlVilielriselt‘cI‘MV—

 

..
During their regular meeting.
Central Council passed a resolution
by unanimous consent establishing
a date for the referendum on tile
student activity fcc. Art important
issue debated tit Wednesday's
meeting was whether the gritduttlc
and part-time students should be
charged such a fee.

The referendum will be held on
Monday, December 5 and Tuesday,
December 6.

A proposal was made at last
week's Council tnccting by
Maureen Ryan. chair of the com-
mittee on Graduate and Part-time
Fees to charge the activity fee to
graduate and part-time students.
She added that in order to intplc-
ment the fee the services of Student

("I

 

 

Association should be expanded to
suit the needs of these students.

It graduate and part-time
students are charged a fee. then
these students must have some form
of Council representation, main-
tained off-campus member Neil
Shapiro.

Ryan proposed that graduate or
part-time student representatives be
granted regular Council seats or
that such representatives be allowed
to attend Council meetings as ex-
ofﬁcio members.

This issue will be debated if the
proposed cxpansion of the fee's im-
plementation is included in the
referendum and the referendum is
approved by the students. said SA
President Rich Schaffer.

Ryan said that she ma ro se a

   

RACHEL LIYWIN UP’:

AND PYX 106

PRESENT

BILLY IDOL

IN THE UNIVERSITY GYM
SUNDAY DEC. 11th

TICKETS: $7 SUNYA STUDENT

$10 GENER
TICKETS ARE ON SALE FOIIRLS

AND THE GENERAL

ER 16th A
CENTER R

PUBLIC

TICKETS ARE $10 mop.

 

 

TUDENTS

T 12 NOON
OOM 343

biler cxlcnd Ilic m
ing SA clccion» in it
easier for grududtu
students to Hill:
According to R\
tee has not yet LIKE-Mitt] on rh
wording oi the tt'it-rcndunim:
sand that sum intuit-m tins»:
O Leary \HII be .otttulled andri‘ri
have rnpttt Ill tilt; wordingotli“
referendum. I
It is S.-\ Hills.) to
dum ever} l‘-stt years to soliciittt.
dent opinion on xthcllicl Illt‘iltlili'
fee will bc mandatory or mini” I
Councrl ulw [1.1th a tt‘stilutin
to open nomttrationt {mt
November IJ-IK to IIII the \attlr:
positions or (cllllnl (‘ounci
representation tot Indian Quit
and off-cantpw. ‘
These \itct'iltﬂru tllt' IIlL‘ rctullt‘
two lt.‘\lgtltilittn\ announced r
Wednesday“ t w ilt.|I meeting.
Kent lltttrittlt Itlllllt'l Altim‘
tcptesetitattxu, t llt’d ltt‘t‘trusrtl
“personal .otnttttttttcnts,"
Diam- \'.tl]-.:'t . Allttlt'l’lllltenft.‘
Indian (grind. ‘ ' .tt ltt't It‘lltl.“
rL'SIgllitltttl.' 1‘ '. -‘-t“lI\IttlIlilI..i
ll) work  \ 
Ncitlttt ll ,'
Lililwl/Lx! 
its mctttl‘t'

ling hum. d”.
tdtt to main
and part-rim.

an. Iicr comm.

U ‘l' ti ltItitn

 

 

 

\itiiti'."

",z.‘ t rtrtrtt“

 

Schnittt
titan} ~t, '
ing lllctt .. t -v.
iion Du. H
troti '
mop
hour
Ule”. ;,

IIL‘
nonett.-.
L‘sr‘ccttiii .

and tir.-.' ‘.

   
    

\

 

   

 

 

\chi~ tut."

6:

***
***

J

 

5.,“ Funded

 

 

...~-mwxumwmumnu .

   
    

 

"ml

muster} at Crgtgkstmnk via".

1  CPROFEST

.lf

 

page... or

. DAWN micron...

-;-_—,.-  -.--.~ » “a: w-~w--..-vr'i.v»»~tur.a.t..—«. ~~s'...- . . '

r

',  p . _
e,  - on art

7\

   

BOB LUCKEV LIPS

 

"There was a iii/ill rliitregurrl Io Ilrirhici-sl quay/ion. "

   
    

NOVEMBER [5, I983 D ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 5

 

By Ken Dornbaum
STAFF WRI7ER

About ISO people gathered at the steps of
the state capital In a candlelight vigil Friday
night to protest the sentencing of Dawn
Cruickshank. Cruickshank. who claims she
was raped by her father. was sentenced Inst

. Wednesday to two and a half to seven years

in jail following her October 6 conviction of
manslaughter.

She shot her father —-— wealthy Clifton
Park real estate developer George Alttn
Cruickshank —— a year ago in the garage of
his home.

Reactions to ltcr conviction were those of
outrage. Sister Ritu Curr of Arbor House. in
Albruiy. maintained that "someone didn‘t
hear her. There was it totril disregard to tire
incest question."

Cruickshank. l8. was sent to prison after
her sentencing Wednesday. but was released
on $75,000 bond early Friday morning petr—
dittg tlppcttl. Sitrntogrt County Assistant
District Attorney Friqu Willirtms said. "The
D.A.'s office is opposed to her release on brtil
 it will be some little before the paperwork
is prepared for tire appeal to begin."

(‘rriickshunk killed her father November
I5. I982 when Ire ittrivcd at their ('lifton
Park home for his weekly visit with her. He
and his wife were iii the process of divorce.
According to The Knickerbocker News.
Cruickshank culled tltc police rind said. “I
just killed my father I crut‘t stand it
anymore. He did this to me every Monday
itiglit." Wlllll Itc did. Cruickshank told the
jury at ltcr ttiurdcr trittl. was rope and sexual-
Iy abuse her over it two year period beginning
wltcn she wtts l5.

Sttrtttogu County

Judge Thomas

vening vigil protests Cruickshank sentencing

Moynihan restricted such testimony bearing
upon the sexual abuse issue. according to the
Cr ’ ' " ' defense attorneys. The reason
for this. according to Saratoga County D.A.
David Wait was that Cruickshank only
remembered details when given sodium
nmytnl. a truth scrum. Moynihnn and Walt
had noted that such testimony might be inac-
curate.

“The criminal justice system is one in
which men protect other men." contends
Tracy Morgun.one of the vigil's organizers.
She claimed that tile court's action supports
this statement. Site noted that. “Women and
children‘s testimony in dealing with rape. in-
ccst. and child sexual abuse are not valid and
not taken into consideration. Ill this case. it
wasn't taken into consideration. Why didit‘t
the judge allow her testimony?"

Iicth Sitter. co~chrtir of the Feminist
Allittnce rtddcd. "this is only one extrtttplc. In
Deliver. Colorado this summer it man
prrrnpcd five bullets into his wife's head. kill-
ing her. He received 2 years of wccknights'
rind weekends itt jail."

Wait could not be reached for comment on
tile vigil.

Frustration was also echoed by peers of
Cruickshank wlto intended the vigil. Ktitic
llrcndn, of Albuny. who attended the some
highschool as ('tuickshtink summarized the
reaction of the school. "Everyone was sur-
prised. We were not thttl'L‘ that her father did
this. She was very qttict. I think tltc convic-
tion was wrong bcciuisc it wits self-defense.
Why else would she kill him?"

The jury itt Iltc case ttppttrrtntly did not
find sclt‘~tlcfcnse to he the motive. ()nc juror.
according to The Knickerbocker Nun-x. "cull-
cd her account of the ropes ‘I'ubt'icotcd.m

9b

Nuclear freeze is the subject of debate at CSR

lly Jerry (‘umplone
l\\rtt l‘tll \I II ‘t I.ltlltiltl

 

The pros and cons of a nuclear I'rcc *
the subject of a debate ill the (‘ollcgc ol'Suittt
Rmc Inst Wednesday afternoon. Speakers til
the dcbutc were ('oloncl Ignatius (icnnrtci.
lawyer Wuync .lthtlillt rind Director of the
Arms Race and Nuclear Weapons research
project for tire Institute of Policy Studies Dr.
William Arkin.

(ictitiuci. director of the Air Force Reserve
Officer '5 Training Corps program ill Rl’l. ex-
plained lhtrt he was in rutcndnncc of his owti
free will and that his opinions might not colit-
cide witlt those of tire Air Force. .lnqtiith.
tutthor of The MX Missile Debate. is 1!
member of the Lawyers Alliance for Nuclear
Arms Control (LANAC). llll activist group
located in Boston who ctr-sponsored thc
cvctit.

The question that (lcnnttci posed at tile
outset was “how do we achieve a meaningful
nuclear free/c?" According to Genitaci. a
freeze can occur only after a balance of
weapons has been rtchicvcd. Jaquith explain-
cd that “we need a nuclear weapons freeze
and we need it now" explaining that the arms
race has gone on too long.

Gennnci noted that today the United States
is at it numerical disadvantage with the Soviet
Union in all categories of nuclear weapons.
“During the period of dctcnte the USSR in-
troduced many new weapons" he said. conti-
nuing. "the US did not introduce any." Ja-
quith admitted that “the USSR has made
great strides in their nuclear weapons but
claimed that the US did lead in early phases"
of the nuclear age.

Gennaci claimed that “since l945. there
have been many periods when the US would
have accepted a nuclear freeze but our adver-
sarics‘ continued to try to overtake us in
nuclear arms." Gcnnrtci stated that there is
now at least a 3:1 ratio between the USSR
and the US in nuclear weapons. laquith said
he feels that “we cannot play the numbers
game anymore," He added that the United
States has enough weapons to destroy the
Soviet Union and the world several times
over. explaining that the US has destructive
power equal to one million times that of the
bomb dropped on Hiroshima.

Jaquith clnintcd that “a freeze is a call to
he butt of the arms race in the simplest
form." However. according to the colonel.

“it freeze would he dangerously irresponsi-
ble. It would perpetuate the arms imbalance
and would suggest than we are unwilling to
meet the challenge.

“The only language the Russians unders-
Ittnd is force. It is only the force of threat we
curt rely upon." uddcd (iciinuci. .ltiquith
claimed that it doesn‘t matter ltow tttttny
nuclcttr arms the US has. “It won't stop the
Soviets." he said.

One solution offerrcd by (icnntici was the
build-down. itt which two or three older
weapons are tlismnttllcd for every new one
deployed. “If we have climbed the ladder of
nuclctir expansion. why not descend the lilti-
dcr'l" Gennuci risked.

According to .laquith. a build—down is not
tltc answer. (icnnuci stated that the build-
down still allows for the production of the
MX, Cruise and Pershing Il misslcs which.
bcs'idcs' cttdnngcring Soviet security. also cit-
dnngcrs tltc United States. .laquith claimed
that. in the event of ti strike by l’crslting ll
misslcs'. the Soviet Uttioit would have to
counter-strike upon warning by the US.
because the missiles travel too fast to be in-
tercepted. "Whose security is at stake if they
have to deploy on warning?" he asked.

.laquith started that there are enough
nuclear weapons already. Gennaci asked.
“What is enough? It‘s not what it takes to
kill every man. woman and child on this
earth." he said. "It is enough to assure that
not a single one will be used." he added.

Arkin. who good-naturcdly kiddcd both
Gennaci and Jaquith. disagreed with both
speakers and commented that both speakers
seemed preoccupied with the number of
weapons. According to Arkin. “the numbers
don‘t matter. What matters is the perception
of security." He indicated that the Reagan
Administration is doing better than the
Carter Administration with the same number
of weapons.

Arkin said he feels that “iii trying to scare
the Soviet Union. they (the government) have
scared us and Europe." Gennaci disagreed
on that point. claiming that “despite the
political controversies. ortr allies have on-
dorsed their development.

“The Soviet Union is not getting ready to.
strike the U.S. and vice-versn." said Arkin.
who added that in 38 years the U.S. and
U.S.S.R. have not even met in face-to-face
confrontation. However. he warned. “when
It does happen. it will be a nuclear conflict."

Arkin explained that the objcctivc of arms
control should be nnclettr disruttttttttcm. “We
could have a freeze tomorrow and still have it
intclctir war." he said. Arkin said tluit a
freeze could slow the turns race between the
US. and the U.S.S.R.. but wondered about
British. French and Chinese systctns.”Wc
have to lltink about it comprehensive global
arms policy." he said,

Ar'kin claimed llltll tt build—down "is not
worse or better than it freeze." He added that
"what is most important is for tire U.S.SR.
and the U.S. to sit down at it table with the
itrtcrttiott of stopping the arms race."

At one poiitt iii the evening. (icnttttci
poitttcd out that “we as democratic chi/cits
have the rigltt to voice our opittiotr. btrt trot
to interfere in those officials who negotiate

 

the best for the U.S." Arkin contested this
attitude. saying that “the public rules this
country." This brought loud applause from
the crowded auditorium.

"We are supposed to have a soy." he said.
adding llltll “if orrr interference is st) strong
that policies get changed and the government
doesn‘t like it. so be it."

Arkin concluded by asking Itow to achieve
distirttttimcnt if the U.S. fears the Soviet
Union. "You get it through measures: which
create security." he concluded.

The debate. ctr-sponsored by LANAC rtrtd
the CSR chapter of Uttitcd Campuses to Pro-
\citt Nuclear War. concluded it dtty of events.
irtclrtdittg films and public discussions. aimed
oi raising the consciousness of the CSR corn-
tmritity to nuclear weapons. [.l

 

Students organize to protest
against Pine Hills Taxi driver

 

By Fran Silverman
STAFF WRITER

 

a rape.

withdrawal makes the case inactive.

called for the boycott of Fine Hills cabs.

come forward.

Approximately 60 students held a candlelight vigil Saturday night in front of the Pine
Hills Taxi Inc. in response to Feminist Alliance posters saying that a SUNYA student
had been raped by a Fine Hills Taxi driver on Oct. 27.

Colonic police Lieutenant Donald Fialka conﬁrmed that a female strident had ﬁled a
complaint on Oct. 27 but “whether it was legitimate or not is unknown because the
complaint was withdrawn." later that day.

According to Both Sitter. co-chair of the Feminist Alliance, tltc vigil organized after
Colonic Police and SUNYA public safety director John Henighan conﬁrmed rumors of

John chighan was unavailable for comment. .
Fialka couldn‘t release any further information on the incident becase he said. the

Suter said she had never spoken to the woman who had reported being raped. and
had no speciﬁc information on the incident such as the woman‘s name or where the rape
allegedly occurred. She further noted that'she did not know if the woman was aware of
the vigil or if she had attended. She said she did not know why the woman had
withdrawn the charge. However. Sutcr asserted. “It is not important that the woman
didn't press charges. That is not the issue. A SUNYA woman said she was raped by at
Pine Hills cab driver and we believe her."

During the rally the crowd chanted songs and carried anti-Pine Hills Taxi signs. They

Responding to this. Vice-President of Pine Hills Taxi. Elliot Fienman said “It is a
false charge. The Albany Rape Crisis Center and Colonic Policesaid no rape occurred.
The cab driver wasn't ﬁred because there is no evidence of the rape."

' Fienman said in a phone interview that if there was some evidence, action would be
taken against the driver. He added that If the incident happened. the woman should

.14»

 

 

 

   

. m”... sew CH

 

