 

 

 

 

 

,. _ . V '. * ,  e.

 

 

 

 

 

THE LONG BRANCH

Nme Albany

THE PARTRIDGE PUB

.._.. jams"

 

. 1 '1 '1
YOU ’Vlt Bl‘ It 1\
' . J . J J

‘ " 1
(’th Wlt 0'
L J A J o
A short time ago, New York’s honorable legislators succumbed to
the pressures of misinformed activists. The legislators determined
that at 18 you are no longer a full fledged citizen. As the law now
stands, even though you are mature enough to vote for the

President of the United States, or to die for your country, you are
not mature enough or responsible enough to drink.

This same group of people is presently drafting legislation to strip
all persons under the age of 21 of their right to drink.

Don’t let this happen. Join us in the fight to protect your rights.

Complete the attached statement of opinion and drop it off at any V
of the taverns listed below. We will see that it gets to the right

people.

SecondIStop at any of the listed taverns and sign the petitions we have

posted.

' Watch for further details in upcoming issues of this newspaper.

-

No one else will speak for you. ‘We need your help now.
Together we can make a difference. .

THE LAMP POST

cor. No. Lake & cor, Qua” St, & TAVERN
Washington Aves. . western Ave, 250 Western Ave.
Albany

ACROSS THE STREET PUB

869 Madison Ave. 1238 Western Ave, CO-
Albanv Albetny ' 1200 Western Ave.
Albany
THIRSTY'S
BOGART'S , , ,
605 New Scotland Ave. 297 Ontario 5' OHEANYS
' 184 Ontario St.

Albany
Albany Albany

  

’——.

THE WASHINGTON

surren’s MILL & MINING

 

 

tau-wan. ~=~ «cs-"w-wuswmn.

cut along dotted line to detach

 

 

 

s...

 

 

 

To: The Honorable Richard Conners:

I deeply resent the efforts of the New York State Legislature to
disenfranchise me. If I am old enough to vote and to die for my
country, then I am old enough to responsibly handle alcohol. I
urge you to resist efforts designed to strip more of my fellow
citizens of their rights. Stop the movement to raise the drinking

age.

 

 

 

 

 

 

'PUBLISHED AT THE s

  

VOLUME LXX

 

 

 

TA TE UNIVERSITY OF NEW YORK AT ALBANY BY THE ALBANY STUDENT PRESS CORPORATION

ABANY

gatEJDENT February 8, 1983 I

SS

‘Tuesday

   

  
         

NUMBER 4

SUNY presidents pay rent at dorm room prices

 

By Susan E. Mllllgan

What do SUNY students and SUNY
presidertts have in common? Titey eaclt pay
approximately tltc sartte monthly rertt on
tlteir college residences.

Gov. Mario M. Cuomo’s proposed
1983-84 btrdgct calls for a $150 increase in
state university dormitory rents, bringing
the semester rate to $700 — or $175 a
rnortth ~ for a maximum 16' by 16’
double—occupancy room.

SUNY college presidents pay an average
of$1,802 per year — or abottt $15011 month
-— for their stale-owned residences. Those
"residences," paid for by taxpayers, are
sotnetirnes tnatrsions, cotnplete with a ser-
varn and grottndskeeper.

Cuorno's bttdgcl message justifies the
room rent increase as an action “in accord
with the 't'rtrstces' policy of self-sufficiency
for dormitory operations."

The increase will "obviate an increase lit
the cttrrent proportion of state subsidy,"
(.‘uorno said.

But the bulk of the revenues generated by
the rcrtt increase is not slated for that pur-
pose, the governor‘s budget irtdicates.

Cuorno states in tire budget that $120 of
the rent irtcrcase will fund “salary ad-
justments" — pay increases —— for universi-
ty employees. Another $17 ofthe $150 "will
be needed to support fringe benefit In-
creases for dormitory operation
employees."

Consequently, only $13 of the additional
$150 dorm residents will be paying per year
will acttrally go toward maintaining and
operating the dormitories, and repaying the
state construction dcbt.'

State allocations for the maintenance of
SUNY presidential residences, however,
were not cut in the governor’s proposed
budget.

SUNYA President Vincent ()‘Lcary, who
is paid $69,200 a year, rents his New
Scotland Ave. residence for $1,711 annual-
ly, according to a special report prepared by
SUNY for the New York Post last week.

()‘Leary is one of four SUNY presidents
whose house is rented —— not owned — by
the state. The SUNYA President‘s mansion
costs the state $15,(X)0 a year to rent.

New Yorkers also pay the cost of treat,
electricity and water/sewer assessments at

 

m

Annual dormitory rent
Annual O’Leary rent

m.

 

A typical dorm room
SUNY presidents pay about the

the presidential houses as well as at the dor-
mitories.

SUNY spokesperson llart'y Charlton ex-
plained that "these services are provided
for the president's residence just as they are
for any other building which is part of a
campus complex.“ Some presidential
residences in the SUNY system are as far as
10 miles from campus.

Regarding the low-rate housing, SUNY
officials noted that “New York is one of a
very few states requiring its state university
presidents to contribute toward their hous-
ing. Most states require little or nothing."

Charlton explained that presidential
residences are subsidized because they are
ttscd for public, as well as private. pur-
poses.

"The use of a president's ltottsc,
therefore, for cornrrttrnity-public as well as
college receptions and meetings of various
sites and itnportance, together with its use
for hosting dignitaries and other official
guests who are frequently on university
campuses, requires that a substantial part
of the building be designated a public
area," itc said.

1982-83 1983-84 (Proposed)
$1400

$1250
$1711 $1711

O‘l.eary estimated he holds sorrrc sort of
meeting or public reception in his house at
least once a week. "1 don't know of arty
university iii the country that does not have
a president's house." he said.

Presidential salaries range from $69,200
at the trniversity center level, to $64,941 at
the twelve colleges of arts and sciences, to

an average of $58,000 at the six agricultural'

anti technical colleges.

in the case of SUNY Chancellor Clifton
R. Wharton. the residence is a triplex pen-
tltottse, purchased by the state in 1978 for
$150,000. According to newspaper reports
at the time, the new quarters were purchas-
ed because Wharton‘s wife did not like the
official mansion.

Wharton is paid $76,100 a year as
chancellor. and pays $2,359 annually in
rent. The penthouse consists of the top
three floors of a tower in the SUNY Central
building downtown.

The state undertook construction of the
triples because Wharton‘s wife preferred
rtot to live in the then-Chancellor's mansion
on Marion Ave. it) an exclusive area of
Albany. That house has since been sold.

    

.YV‘

t

 

 
    

 

i,

   

i

 

same monthly rent as .v/ttrlents in dorms ewe/rt presidents saute/inter gel mansions, willt u .rervarrl

For three years, Wharton has donated
the $45.(X)0 a year he was receiving as a
rnctnbcr of the Ford Foundation's Board of
Directors towards construction of the
building.

The state also pays more than $26,000 a
year to maintain the residence of Commis-
sioner of Education Gordon M. Ambaeh.

The Commissioner‘s residence originally
cost the state $55,000, btrt is now valued at
approximately $175,000.

Ambach, who is paid $76,100 a year;
pays no rent on his 10-room house in
Newtonville, north of Sienna College.

The state pays $2,600 a year for treat.
$1,300 for electricity, $360 for one
telephone line, and $1 t,(X)0 for a full-time
cleaning person at Antbach‘s residence.

New Yorkers also foot the bill for the
maintenance of Ambach's lawns ($1,500
annually), seasottal help ($9,000 a year) and
snow removal ($300). A state official ex-
plained, “It‘s a long driveway." l]

 

Stts'utt Mil/term is (I for/tier Ittultugittg
t't/fIUI' oft/re Albany Student Press, current-
ly working for Ottaway News Service.

X-rated films on campus arouses controversy

Aﬁ LJCC bttt thcy can be more socially responsible."

’ .

 

 

 

 

 

 

.i‘t

 

 

 

By Bonnie Campbell
\I.‘III' It If!!! It

nd's showing of Iiittl Girls sponsored by

Student Activities Director .lirn Docllcfcld said that
although he personally objects to campus programming of
sllL‘li films, calling them “crude, sexist and dehtrntanizing,"

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

University Crncrna Cittb once again has sparked controver-
sy over whether X-ratcd films should be shown on campus.

The Feminist Alliance plastered the podium last week
with posters reading, “Pornography degrades women and
insults people," in an effort to protest the film according to
Feminist Alliance Co-Chair (‘hris Mayo.

“Showing littr/ Girls is not a First Amendment issue,
just a matter of bad taste,“ she said. Mayo added that
although there is no University policy to halt such films,
“the Feminist Alliance has organized a small group of in~
tercstcd students to talk y ith the ("inertia Club."

SA Media Director Libby Post said although not necessari-
ly SA policy. she feels that porno shouldn‘t be
shown on carnptts attd especially should not be funded by
SA. “Personally, i think pornography is a microcosm of
our society in that violence against women is very accepted
in our society," site srtid. Post also explained that to show
such films in an educational institution is to actually build
up myths about the validity of violettce in our culture.
When asked why no formal protest was put together slte
said that tltcrc wasn't enough time because the film wasn't
annottnced far enough in advance btrt the Feminist Alliance
is organizing a noneonfrontutionul meeting with the
'Jniversity Cinctna Club. Post added. "We can‘t censor the

he believes that there is a strong conflict between freedom
of expression and the ideas the university is trying to leach,
dealing with sexual tolerance and understanding.
University ('incma Cltrb (‘ltair llill Braddock and Assis-
tant Director .lay Lustgurtcn refused to comment on the
issue before meeting with Feminist Alliance members.
Studies concerning the effects of pornography are
relatively new, and up trrttil now there has been little
evidence to support the idea that erotic material actually
has substantial effects on attitudes and behavior. according
to psychology Professor Don Byrne. 11c cited a study done
in 1970 and 1973 which showed a decrease in the frequency
of scv crimes after lifting restriction on the availability of
pornography. (Committee on Obscenity and Pornography.
I970; Kttlchinsky, 1973). He also rnctttioucd a recent study

' done within the last year which showed that people who

were exposed to erotica were more tolerant of deviant
behavior and more sex callous toward women.

But a parnpltlct published by Women Against Por-
nography called pornography a vehicle for “male power,
profit, and pleasurcuat women's expense.

Wlten several students were questioned about their atti-
ttrdes towards pornography on campus their responses

varied.
‘ 13>

 

