  

 
  
  
    
     

   

 
  
  
  
  
  
 
   
 
  
   
 
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
    
  
  
  
  
  

   
   

¢.—- .
w__v. ,

 

“'tj'.i‘4¢“- smch .9. 9,-

r “New—M4,- ...- s

.. egg...»—

 

 

By Keith Murder

ASSOC/A TE SPORTS EDITOR

 

The Albany State men’s basketball team
won the battles on the way to winning the
war. Last Saturday night at Stony Brook. the
Danes beat the Patriots in a game marred by
two ﬁghts. 70-68.

With 11:57 remaining in the second half
Albany guard Danny Croutier was charged
with a foul for fighting with Stony Brook‘s
Kurt Abrams. At this point. it seemed as if
this altercation was a case of frustration set-
ting itt from questionable calls by the referees
and the fact that the game was so close.

But, as the game wore on the plot grew
thicker; within a span of five seconds Abrams
fouled Croutier twice. Then at the 5:04 mark
Dane forward Adam Ursprttng was being
harrased by the Patriots' Frank Prantil. it
seemed as if l’rantil was put on the floor for
tltat sole purpose. Ursprung pushed I’rantil
away. and the Stony Brook player answered
by sending punches in Ursprung's direction.

“He was hanging all over me," said
Ursprung. “I jttst pushed hitn to get him
away from me."

As soon as this happened Croutier was the
first to join in. then Wilson Thomas led the
Danes off the benclt. The referees. tryng to
regain the control that they obviously lost in
the previous seven minutes. assesed Stony
Brook’s Greg Angrum with an intentional
technical foul worth two shots.

Starting with those two shots Greg Hart
and Croutier set up residency on the foul
line; Pete Gosuie even stopped by to visit
canning two foul shots with 16 seconds left.
In the final five mintttes Hart and Croutier
had 16 crucial foul shot attempts cashing in
on 12 of them under a deafening barrage of
boos from the fans.

"I just block the noise out of my mind."
said Hart. "1 just looked up'-~ at the
scoreboard and knew I had to put them in."

“Foul shooting down the stretch is what ' '

won the game for us." added Albany Head
Coach Dick Sauers. ’

Up by three with 2:18 left. the Danes
spread out the offense. Ursprung shook loose
from his defender. took a pinpoint pass from
Dave Adam and hit the most important shot
of his young career, a beautiful reverse layup
upping the margin to five.

However. Stony Brook refused to give up.
They rctnained close in the game on the
shooting of Tabare Borbon. as Albany saw
its lead to dwindle to two with 46 seconds
left.

Albany inboundetl the ball to Iiart. who
gook a step back and lteld the ball. Larry
Blackwell from Stonylirook intentionally
fouled him; only three seconds ticked off of
the clock. althottgh it sectned much longer.
Inclttding the official timekeeper it seetned as
if lltc Danes were playing five against six. An
extra man was not cnottgh for Stony Brook
to beat the Danes. In fact. all it did was pro-
long the agony.

The first ltalf started out with Albany
employing their fast-break offense. The tran-
sition game worked so well that froth 15:56 to
13:04 of the first half the Danes ran off :1 str-
ing of 10 unanswered points. An important
aspect of a transition game is defenseive rc-
bounding. and Gosule provided this with
eight first half rebounds. After grabbing the
ball ltc got the ball out to the gttards quickly
and smoothly.

On one of those occasions Gosulc grabbed
the board and dished it off to Adam who did
a give and go with Croutier; this accounted
for two of Albany‘s 34 first half points.

The Danes then seemed to relax and lose

the intensity that they catne into the game
with. The Patriots took advantage of this and

DECEMBER 6, I983

 

ROBERT LUCKEVUPS

Danny Croutier drives to the hoop against Stony Brook. Croutier led all the scorers

with 21 points in Albany's 70-68 win.

scored 10 ttnanswered points, five of which
were scored from the charity stripe. This cttt
the Danes' lead to two. 24-22.

With their lead standing at six with 1:34
left in the first half the Danes went into their
spread offense hoping for the last shot. With
24 seconds remaining Adam made a move
toward the hoop when Angrum stripped the

ball from him and knocked the ball towards
midcourt. Wlten Croutier touched the ball
behind the midcourt line. a very questionable
backcourt violation was called.

The Patriots tnude the tnost of this gift.
Angrttm hit a shot which sell! both teams to
26>

Dane grapplers earn split in weekend matches

 

By Marc Berman
ASSOC/A TE SPORTS El)! FOR

 

The Albany State wrestling team ae-
eompiished what they hoped for this past
Saturday when they split their two matches
by edging Cortland 24-22 before being blown
out by Binghamton 46-5. The proceedings of
the weekend moved the Danes' record to 2-1.

Coach Joe DeMeo had said before the
weekend that his team's main objective was
to come away with a victory over Cortland.
He didn‘t feel this year's rebuilding club
would be able to put up much of a battle

against highly-ranked Binghamton. And
DeMeo was absolutely correct.

“I'm pleased with the way things happen-
ed.“ said DeMeo after the completion of the
two matches. “We wrestled two excellcct

teams today and we beat otte of them. We‘

pulled through."

But it was everything except easy itt getting
by Cortland as the Red Dragons were still in
it going into the conclttding heavyweight
matelt.

As expected. Albany State took a 17-0 lead
after the first three matches when their top
wrestlers, junior All-Atnerican Dave Averill.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The Albany State wrestling team defeated Cortland In a close mate

to highly-ranked Binghamton In a lrl-meot Saturday.

ED MARUSEICH UPS
h batore losing

sophomore John Baiug, and Sean Sheldon.
led off the meet by tttrning in their usual
brilliant performances. Averill and Balog
were victorious by pins while Sheldon
dominated his opponent 16-2.

But from that point the lead kept
evaporating. helped by :1 Dane forfeit at the
150-pound weight class. The score was tied at
19-19 with two matches still remaining. It was
at this time when the day's biggest surprise
occurred.

Freshman Patti Feltman. wrestling in the
I90-pound weight class. wiped out his oppo-
nent 20-4 in his first collegiate wrestling
tnatch. His triumph gave the Danes five
points and a 24-19 lead they wouldn‘t relin-
qttish.

“I tried not to think about the pressure
when I was out there." said Feltman after the
match. “I was kind of used to that situation
because it happened to me seven times as a
senior in high school and I won five of
them."

While Feltman's victory gave the Danes
the go-ahead lead. it was the effort of
heavyweight Papo Rivera that preserved it.

Rivera. an Albany State football player.
had just recently finished recuperating from
the football season. As a result, he had only
been practicing with the wrestling team for
three days before Saturday. DeMeo still
elected to insert Rivera into the heavyweight
match instead of Ivan Katz. who is still battl-
ing from a mild case of pneumonia.

"1 had a lot of confidence in him."
(Rivera). said DeMeo. "I was a little concern-
ed with his physical condition because of his
limited practices. But he just finished the
football season so he was in good shape."

With the Danes up by five. Rivera's task
was to avoid getting pinned which would

have given Cortland six points and a one
point victory. A possibility of a tie also loom-
ed if he lost by 12 or more points. Bill the
senior did neither of the two. Wrestling a
smart. tactical tnateb. Rivera was decisioned
5-1 leaving the Danes as two point victors
24-22.

“He knew what he had to do and he did
it,“ said DeMeo. “He was experienced
enough not to take chances in that
situation."

In the Binghamton tncct. the Danes were
up against a clttb that wasn't in their same
class. Although Cortland was in striking
distance going into their final match against
Binghamton. the Danes were never close. los-
ing 46-5. and winning only one match.

“We didn't match up well against them."
said DeMeo.

In two of the weight classes Albany didn‘t
match up at all as they forfeited again at 150
pounds and the heavyweight. DeMeo decided
not to overwork Rivera.

Averill was the only victor. He failed to
record the pin but still whipped his mart 22-1.
“The gtty went in there with the sole inten-
tion oftrying to go the distance." said Averill
of his opponent. "i did everything I could
but ljttst couldn‘t pin him."

Whether or not Averill was successful in
recording his pin. it had no effect on the
Danes' cause. Bingltnmton dealt out four
pins to Albany, who seemed a mixture of
drained and complacent after the big Cor-
tland win.

The Danes will now be on the road this
week to take on some more rigorous cotnpeti-
tion. On Friday. they will take on Division I
University of Massachusetts at Amherst.
followed by Saturday's meet versus Division
I Brown Universityand Boston College. 1 l

    

ALBANY
I, STUDENT
7 PRESS

 
 

Frtoay * 

th’CfltL‘sc f)

Lt L 

   
 
 
 
 

RPOR‘A new

  

December 9, 1983

NUM‘BER 46

    
 

 

 

 

 

 

By Ian Clements-
, and Christine Reffelt

More than 1700 students wrote
letters to their legislators this week regarding
a proposed increase in the New York State
drinking age. and. in exchange received free
drink coupons from Student Association.

Several students. however. showed up at
the letter writing campaign on Indian Quad
to protest SA's actions. They charged that
SA was trying to coerce the students. and
that the free coupons took credibility away
from the letters.

Some members of the New York State
legislature are supporting a measure that
would raise the current drinking age from 19
to 21. according to Student Association of
State University (SASU).

The writing campaign, created by Central
Council's Student Action Committee, with
the cooperation of local bars. stirred a lot of
controversy within Council as well. SUNYA
students Warren Friss and Amanda Scope
came to Wednesday night's Council meeting
to oppose the letter writing drive, which was
run on quad dinner lines this week.

Friss said that he considered the plan “a
form of bribery. We feel that students should
support the drive because they support the
cause, not because they‘re getting a free
drink."

 

    
    

 
     
   
 
   
  
 
 
   
   
 
  
   
   
   
   
      
     

Gawley replied, “I'm insulted.. I cant; be Student plan considered aform ofbribery. .

bribed by a 75 cent drink and other students
can’t be bribed for 75 cents." He pointed out

smdem Action Committee chair, Steve Students drinking at local bar; Inset: Poster promoting SA letter campaign

 
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
     
  

  
   
  
   
  

 
   
 
 
    
 

  
    
    
    
   

Ilolp II: Fight the
21 Your tiltt
thinking In
Proposal

T-ko tho (In. to
wrlto tho
Logiolltun
We Conn-Ito A
Dilloroncol
SASU and Student Action Corn.
wi I be at Dinner on

' Wednesday at
3°. “"3"” U but. I Indian Quad-l
- :5 .. . 1 ‘tuolleet letterund hair 3
‘ r malt-rials available for you to
write onei
—_

  
   
   
    
   
    
    
    

 

   
 

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

that a member of Governor Mario Cuomo’s
staff had called SUNYA President Vincent
O'Leary to request that the letter drive be
halted. “Cuomo would not have called us if
we had lost credibility. He's just worried
about student activism." Gawley said.
Scope complained that she had asked Mike
Miller. a student who helped to solicit letters,
if she would receive a coupon if she wrote a

age. She said that Miller told her that she
would not receive a coupon if her letter sup-
ported the proposal. According to Gawley.
Miller made an error. The policy of the drive.
he said. is that everyone who writes a letter.
either Opposing or supporting the proposal is
supposed to receive a coupon.

Students who wrote letters were given a
free drink coupon from either the Lamp

Hurley‘s.

Several students. including Friss. protested
on lndian Quad where SA was running a let-
ter writing table Wednesday night.

Friss said the coupon is a dctrintental way
of coercing students. “it's unethical." he
said. "Students should not have to be bought
to write letters. Our credibility in future
legislation will be jeapordized as a result of
this. There would have been better ways to go

about this," he added. ,

Don Crabtree. also a junior. agreed. ex-
plaining that the coupons “hurt the students
say in legislation in the future. While letter
writing is fine, coupons are wrong. yet SA
still insists on giving them out." he said.

Schaf fer maintained that the coupons “are
not a direct exchange for writing a letter.
While the students are entitled to a free bar

17>

 

letter‘in support of the 21 year old drinking Post. The Griffin. Across the Street Pub, or

 

 

By John Keenan
ASSOCIA TE ASPECTS EDITOR

 

SUNYA students and Student Association officials ex-
pressed displeasure over what they called "deceptive"
advertising of the Albany Student's international
Assembly's (ASIA's) packaging of Tuesday and Wednes-
day‘s presentation of "Rock Music. An inside Look."

Pastor David Stachicbcn strove to convince a highly
skeptical audience that rock music could be spiritually
dangerous. The lecture was heralded by ASIA as “a
multi-media presentation of how today's rock music is af-
fecting its listeners."

    

RACHEL LIYWIN UPS

Pastor David Stachicbcn
L \lll.\'lt' culled spiritually dangerous.

 

 

Religious group assailed on rock music lecture

“The ttdvcrtising campaigtt was deceptive," SA Media
Director Libby Post asserted. “i don't think the majority
of the people knew just what the specific purpose of the
presentation was. It seems to me a kind of back-handed
way to draw people into their organization."

ASIA officials maintained that the advertisements were
not misleading in any way. ASIA Vice President Paul
Capobianco explained. “I don't think that it was decep-
tive at all. There is only one group on campus named

ASIA. I think by this time the students should know who ’

we are."

SA President Richard Scltaffcr also criticized the way
the presentation was packaged. “That kind of trickery
shouldn't be used on campus. You should feel proud of
your group or organization.”

Although Schaffer said he felt that groups like ASIA
aren’t in the best interests of the campus. he added, “It's
also my responsibility to take into consideration their
point of view. I'm not going to deny any group the right
to form on campus unless I knew that they're going to
cause trouble."

Capobianco. meanwhile. pointed out that there had
been no admission fees for the presentation at all. "We
gave it to the SUNY students free of charge. Sure, we had
a purpose. bttt what we had was something we offered to
them for free. It was somewhat biased." he admitted.
“but no one forced the students to stay."

“it cost Stachicbcn over $5.000 to put that show on,
and lie did just what his poster promised“, said ASIA
Treasurer Vince Capobianco. “if we had felt that he was
merely attacking rock n‘ roll as an art form. we wouldn't
have wanted him. No way." he added.

Stachicbcn was a literate and entertaining speaker. but
he seemed to be working against a crowd that was slightly
antagonistic. due to what they itttcntionally perceived as
deceptive advertising used to promote the event when
asked why the religious tone of the presentation had not
been made clearer in the advertising. Capobianco explain-

ed. “It was professionally packaged so as to appeal to the
most people. There‘s something about the word 'Chris-
tian' that scares people away." The Devil is making use of
backmasking and occult symbols in today's rock 'n roll
music. Stachicbcn asserted. in order to communicate with
his followers and to seduce the souls of SUNYA students
away from Jesus Christ.

The poster claimed that “music is never neutral. It is
always inspired by the God or the devil." Among the per-
formers singled out as inspired by demons were such
unlikely candidates as Judy Collins and John Denver, as
well as the expected names of Ozzy Osborne. AC-DC and
Black Sabbath.

Stachicbcn mentioned three possibilities for the
backmasking effects: that they were accidental. that they
were studio tnanipulated. or that Satan placed the
messages there to "communicate with his followers."
Stachicbcn favored the third view. He reversed Queen's
“Another One Bites The Dust" to reveal a garbled but
somewhat intelligible message: “Start to Smoke Mari-
juana.“ This phrasc. Stachicbcn maintained. was a direct
order from Satan to his followers.

St achlebcn repeatedly stressed that he was not attacking
rock ‘n roll as an art form. Instead. he stated, he merely
wanted to offer a viewpoint on the way rock and roll
cottid influence your life.

The music promotes drug use. he maintained. citing
.lackson Browne‘s “Cocaine” and the Eagles' “Witchy
Woman" as two examples. in addition. he maintained
that the music promoted violence and sex, focusing on
Blue Oyster Cult‘s "Don’t Fear the Reaper" as an ode to
suicide and REL) Speedwagon's High Inﬁdelity album as
encouraging adttltry. 1

He admitted that most of the groups who pretend to
practice the occult are merely doing a PR dance, but
stated that the inspiration for this type of promotion
comes from Satan himself. ' K ‘ 1:]

 

 

