 

'.u:..

. an..-

 

‘/

     
 

 

By Marc Sehwarz
ASSOCIATE SPORE EDITOR

____,_______._.._—————-

A new semester. a new year; but little else
has changed for the Albany State wrestling
team. The Danes lrnve rolled to an ll-t
meet record including tlteir finest perfor-
mance ever in the New York State Cham-
pionshlps.

“1 was very impressed with our perfor-
mance at the New York State Champion-
ships (in Rochester last weekend). We
scored twice as many points as we ever have
in our history at the States." Coach Joe
DeMeo said.

Andy Serns led the Dane charge by cap-
turing the title at 142 pounds. Seras became
the first Albany wrestler to win a state
cltampionship. “Andy had just been wrestl-
ing great." DeMeo said. "We have had
people in the finals before. btrt we never
had a champion."

Albany claimed sixth place finishing one
point behind Oswego and four poitns otrt of
fourth place. Vic Herman's third place
finish combined with Rob Spagnoli and
Dave Averiil‘s fifth pltrce and Ed (‘rlenson
taking sixth place propelled the Danes to
their high standing. Spero 'l‘hcol'iitttos.
seeded ttumher one in his division. was
unable to pick up points for Albany due to
rtrt injury he suffered during the tourna-
ntcnt. DcMco arid the t‘nm felt that had
Theofilatos beetr able to finish tltc tourna-
tttent. Albany would ltavc picked rip the
points necessary to jump into fourth place
in the overall standings.

Albany compiled an impressive 5-1 meet
record dtrritrg the past five weeks. The
Danes began tltis stretch with an impressive
21-20 victory over rival Boston University.
Vic ilertnatt defeated Dave Koplovitl. in the
final rttatch to sectrrc the wilt. Koplovitv
had previously defeated Herman in the
finals of the Great Dane Classic in
\Jovernbcr.

Cagers start

By llise Levine
stair tr'itiiur

The Albany . basketball
team rcstttned its impressive season by
winning tltrcc of its first forrr games of
1983. The Danes' record is now 9-2.

The Danes took on Rl’l Wednesday at
University (iym. llead coaclt Mari
Warner was pleased with the way her team
played defensively btrt noted that the team
had problems shooting “We had a 25
percent shooting average itt the first
half." site said. The Danes managed to
maintain a lead irt tltc second half and
beat the Engineers (12-59, High scorer for
the Danes was Nancy Wundcrlich with 19
points \\’undcrlich has consistently lead
the Danes irt scoring along with team cap<
tirirr. Robin (iihson. who scored 10 pttiitl‘.
.rzjtriust Rl’l. l)i:rnn l’crttattdes picked up
1.”. ptiiills and Nancy (lrrrsso. ll. l’er-
panties lrzrri irrrrr crucial steals at the end
:rrru- 1h 11 ltclpttj the Dani's .ccurc

 

 

  

r “r, .rl lirwr-go the Danes fact-rt
2 l\.Lll‘lllil and t is\\'=_‘.t,tt. ilrcy won tlte first
game against l‘lU-ltiiiltt. if. /‘t. ("ouch
Warner described lllL‘ value :is being “very
physical." (iibson arrrl \‘v’unrlurlich scored
18 and 15 points respectively. and kidney
Lesaue picked no 1‘- points tor the Duties,

The Danes lttsf to ()swego 74-59.

"We probably needed some rest after
the Fredonia game“ explained assistant
coach Patti Becker. The Danes had pro-
blems with their defensive game. accor-
ding to coach Warner.

The Danes soundly defeated Union
College. 74:65 in their first game after
their vacation. Although the team trailed

 

 

 

Albany traveled to Florida for the Sun-
shine Open at the Universin of Central
lilorida. the last weekend of December. The
tournament composed of mainly Division l

schools found three Danes place in the top .

new year on winning note

Vic Herman defeated Boston University's Dave
Koplovlfz to give the Albany State wrestling team a vic-

ports

Impressive grapplers are now

 

 

si . l-lermnn. Averill and Mike Varmctte all
finished in sixth place in their weight
classes. Albany coaches Lester Ware and
John l’arisella ' took second and third
respectively.

 

The women's
basketball team
has resumed its

1982-83 season
by winning three
of its first four
contests. Albany
defeated the HPI
Engineers 62-59
Wednesday
evening, split a
pair of games
with Oswego and

Fredonla last

week. and
soundly beat
Union earlier this
month.‘

 

at the end ofthe first half. they came back
with Rainey Lesane leading the Dane scor-
ing drive with 19 points. Wunderilch again
pulled through for the Danes and picked
up 18 points.

 

 

“(w

 

ALAN MENTLE ops
Tonight the Danes take on Clarkson at
the gym at 7 pm. Warner doesn't foresee
any problems with this team and expects
lrer team can relax after playing some very
D

 

tough road games.

 

tory over the Terriers. Albany Is now 11-1 in dual meets
and placed sixth In the NY. State championships.

  
 
  

Danes struggle
—page 15

“ JANUARY28, I983

11-1

 

ALAN MENTLE U P5

  

The Dattcs wrestled two schools in dual
meets while irt Florida. Albany def -atcd tlte
University of Central Florida attd suffered
their only loss of tire season to Division 1
Appalachian State.

"1 was a little disappointed with that loss.
We jtrst did not have a good perforrnauce
front the guys. There was really no reason
for us to lose," DcMco said.

Albany came back ltomc and restrrttcd
their winning ways dcfealirrg Willinrtts on
January 12 and crushing Norwich 52-6 on
January 15. The Norwich match consisted
of 7 pins and two 12-point superior deci-
sions by Albany wrestlers. The Cndcts‘ on-
ly points came on a forfeit at the flit-pound
weight class.

Onconta arrived in Utrivcrsity Gym on
Tuesday January 18 and left the same way
every other learn has who came to Albany
this season; as losers. The Red Dragons
went down to defeat for the sccortd little
this season at the hands of Albany. lid
Gleason led the Danes with a pin of Mike
Orossl‘icld. Grossl'icld beat Gleason earlier
irt the year for—the l50-p0ttndcr's only loss.

Albany 11er been led this season by Seras.
who owns a perfect 11-() meet record. Just
behind him are Gleason. 10—1. and Alan
Marwill, 8-0.

“Marwill has certainly been the best
freshman on the team. We knew he had a
lot of talent. lie just keeps getting better
every day." Demeo said.

Theol'ilatos and Averill sport 9-2 records.
wlriic all-time Albany victory leader ller-
rnatr is 8-2-1. Spagnoli rounds out the crew
of top performers at 6-2.

Albany strffcrcd an unfortunate loss
when Harvey Staulters suffered a broken
neck drtring a wrestle-off. “It is a very big
loss to the team. Harvey is a top wrestler
and leader. 1 never coached anyone who
was more of a team leader or a better per-
son titan Harvey." DeMeo said. The team
is dedicating the season to Sttltrliers.

Albanv..rnnked sixth in the nation Division

ill. will take on St. Lawrénce, the
University of Massachusetts and Army this
weekend in what DcMco expects will be a
very tough and exciting competition. The
meet begins at noon in University Oym.

 

 

 

 

 

PUBLISHED AT THE STA TE

 

xégttkt

VOLUME LXX

STUDENT
PRESS

Tuesday

February 1 , 1983

NUMBER 2

 

 

Cuts highlight new Cuomo budget

(Al’) Governor Cuomo trrrveiicd
his 1983—1984 state budget — a
spending package tltat will total
roughly $18 billion, or about $29
bitliorr if you add in the various
federal aid that will he flowing
tlrrorrglr Albany met the course of
the nest year.

Some of the highlights of
('uomo‘s budget are:
Employment:

With 750.000 New Yorkers orrl
of work. (iovcruor ('uoruo crrllcd
tor funding a series of rcsitali/a-
tron projects he says will menu new
temporary and permanent jobs
across the stale. irt effect. it
titttssivc rebuilding effort for the
state‘s public works its roads.
bridges. ports. and water systems.

(‘uomo srrid he wants the
legislature. and lltcrt the voters in
November, to approve a $1.25
billrort infrastructure liond lsstrc.
that will be coupled with new
federal aid from the nickel-n-
gnllou gns tits to provide New York
with a five-year. $4.5 billion
highway and bridge revitalization
program.

file Cuomo plarr also calls for a
Water i‘irnntcc Authority with
bonding capacity to finance water
system projects. Atrd irt addition,
('uomo is calling on the Legislature
to provide ruore than $500 million.
irt bonding atrtlrority and outright
state spending. to prorrrotc the
building of I).()()() new multifamily
low and middle-income housing
units; 1.000 low-income housing
units irt rural areas and 6,000 trrtits
for the homeless.

For those who have lost jobs.
(.‘rromo proposed an emergency $5
million eruployrnent intervention
program to retrain displaced
workers "in areas of abnormal .
economic distress." such as
l.ackawauna. witcre cutbacks at Bethlehem
Steel this year are expected to ptrt as rrtatty
as 7,300 people otrt of work.

However. Cuomo also proposed the
clirttittatiotr of nearly l4.(X)0 full-time state
jobs ~— about seven percent of New York's
workforce. Abotrf ltalf of those workers
would simply be fired. while all estimated
3.400 employees would take the state up on
art early rctircrneut offer, trttder the gover-
nor‘s plan.

The rest of tire job losses would be
through attrition. Cuomo said the
retirements and terminations would save
the state $219 million irt fiscal 1983-84.
Health Care:

In his budget proposal. Cuomo also
followed tlrrongh on a carrtpaigrr vow by re—
questing that the Legislature provide the
$359 rtrilliou it promised last year to ease the
local cost of Medicaid for countrieser
rrtovc which will provide artextra $240 for
New York (‘ity alone. n

Cuomo \vcnt cvert further. however. by
calling on the ‘lttltttc to approve a five-
yenr prograru — bcgirtning in 1984 7 which
would eventually reduce the local share of
Medicaid costs from 25 percent to 10 per-
cent. Currently. the federal government
picks rtp 50 percent of Medicaid costs with
the state anti counties equally dividing the
remaining 50 percertt.

Other health care proposals by the
Cuomo adrnirtistration are bound to draw
controversy. such as the proposal to place
partial financial responsibility on children
for the costs of their parents’ care in nurs-
ing homes in order to redrrce state Medicaid
costs. Another proposal would require
Medicaid recipients to report to "primary
care case mangers" instead of going to the

0.99!!!“

I ’i'c

..
17:.

 

DEAN BETZ ASP

'I'ttp: Gov.
Cilultlt) ('.\'[)/flfll.\‘
pro/m.th Inn/gel.
[lot/tint; SASU
.sr'deii/ Jim
I ‘it-i'iitﬁv rr'mly tti

 

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
    

 

SUNY‘tuition hiked

liy Dean lietl
llt/II'R I\ I [fill

 

 

  

Capital-

 

rltr liri/I/c.

 

 

"'71

 

         
 

4., 'tl'nuii u

 

 

choice for rotrtirrc

their
The managers, according to
Cuomo aides. would be area doctors who

hospital of
treatments.

would act as “funnels” for more cost-
cfficicrtt treatment of patients by hospitals.

(.‘uomo also asked for funds to continue
the state's practice of takittg disabled clients
otrt of institutional care arid irtto communi-
ty residential facilities. 1 lc proposed placing
art additional 1.140 disabled persons in
corrrrntrrtity facilities.

titslrmcc. interstate calls for that portion of

the service which is provided willrirr New
York state.

Cuomo said $485 million could be raised
froru the new taxes and fees and another
$400 million or rrrorc could come front ac-
celeration of other laws ctcntually due the
state. The goternor rejected increasing per—
sonal irrcoruc. sales or the business fran-
chise Iases as “counter-producti\e.“

“We want to build an economy on a

“The worst budget ever . . . There’s
nothing to compare them to in the history
ofSUNY. . . This is going to be the
biggest budget battle ever”

(fuomo proposed a range of new fees and
taxes. ranging from increased taxes on
cigarettes. cigars. hard liquor, wines nrtd
beer to sharply ltiglrcr car registration atrd
driver's license fees. Taxes would also be
ittrposed on the price of a haircut. a ttrovic.
a garttc of bowling or a round of golf. Arid
the price of gasoline could go up by two
eertts or more a gallon because of a new
gross receipts tax on oil companies.

It would also cost more for New Yorkers
to “reach out and touch someone" if they
are calling long distance. Ctrortto proposed
a three percent increase in the cost of long

 

— SAS U President Jim Tierney

private payroll." said Cuomo. liy rejecting
the liltitttl'ltllfsctl taxes itt favor of .a long
series of miscellaneous taxes and fees.
(‘uomo said the state would be irt a better
position to attract businesses to the slate.

Some real estate buyers could also fell the
effects of Cuomo‘s tax proposals. Tire .statc
charges a SS—ccut tax per $500 of value
when property is sold iii the state. Cuomo
wants to ltikc that fee to $1 per $500 of
value.

Cuomo also proposed that New York
conform to federal requirements for
withholding on interest and dividends star-
ting July l.‘ Banks and other investment

13>

our ,rm. of. s an, t

lltc coruburatiou of employee layo 1's
and t'ttsl hikes tor SUNY in (tor. (’rrorrro‘s
proposed 10?” N»! Imdgcl are “the worst
c\ct.' sard lrirr licrrrey.

HASH I’Icsidcrrt. “there‘s 

trorlung to mmpatc them .

to ill tltc history of 

SUNY."

the budget. released to reporters III a
liticlirrg yt'stcrrlrty. calls for .r ttutrorr lil-
crcasc of . . a room rcnt iut'rvasc of
$150. and .r 5-5 ice to raise additional llilltl‘.
for tire purchase of coltrprrtcr cumprucnt.
According to Irvine). the budget will mean

the loss oI :r rnirrrnmm of 2.300
teaching illltl support |ttlts
throughout the Slate llrutcrsit).
In the proposed lindgct, ulnch
iltttsl sct face Icgislntite .rctrou.
Albany worrld see it net loss of at
least Iit‘tccn teaching and ruclse
non-teaching support positions.
('rromo supported the concept
of n tuition-free State ilrriscrsity.
but defended the increased costs;
“The tuition is undesirable. btrt
fan." He stressed that tile state's
financial crunch was temporary.
and although It - admitted he didn‘t
understand wiry. said ltc bclicws
the national economy wotrld
recoscr in tire ncst three years.
“We may be able to come to the
State Unisctsity then with nid. but
we can‘t now."
l‘ictncy espressed “shock and
disappointrucnt in a gotcrnot we
thought had more lrcnrt. the ini-
tion and room rent increases are
the highest we're had so far. This
will push lower atrd middle income
students otrt of SUNY."
lie was also \ehemeruly against
the computer l‘ce. “l'ltis is the bottom
litre.“ lre said. “If we're going to ha\e tui-
tiort. Ch” it trritiott. if we're going to base
rooru rent. call it room rent." He said such
fees have been becoming more popular with
SUNY and state firiartcial plattttcrs. citing
the university fcc. health scrticcs l'cc. md
proposed athletics and computer fer-s.
'l‘icrncy said because the fees cannot be
claimed on student aid forrrrs the financial
htrrdcn is wholly met by the student.

'l'icrucy ctnplnrsi/ed that SASlI would lie
ruoliili/ittg forces against tltc budget pro
posnl. “this is going to be the ivignca
budget battle cser." he predictctl. "At .r
time when Reagan's cutting financial aid.
youths hate Itighcr unemployment rates.
and students ltavc been hit by tuition and
toorrt rent increases. it‘s impossible to ilii-
agiuc SUNY l'ttlll'illing its rrrissiorr to pro-
\ide quality higher education to all who
desire it."

(if tltc 2.100 positions that would be lost
itr the budget. 'l'ietney said that two-thirds
would be in non-teaching positions. and
ouc»thir‘d would be teaching positions. 11'
tile budget is approved as it stands. the
university employees would he laid-off by
April 1. when the proposed lnrdgct is
scheduled to take effect.

The proposed hrrdget also plans for
unspecified increases itt part-time and
graduate trritiott. The ttritiotr for out-of-
state students would rise to $3.125.

Tierney criticized the budget proposal for
cutting the university system deeper than
other state agencies. “The other agencies
were ctrt 5 percent. but SUNY was ctrt 8.5
percent. SUNY is expected to raise addi-
tiortul revenue. and take bigger cuts than

13>

rm. MN... .1-

 

 

 

 

 

