 

 

 

‘ ' - NOVEMB
a... ASPECT-SI.” ER 18, [933

Opening Act k

Twister

When I was little. i decided that my favorite holiday was Thanksgiving. i loved

all of the turkey, the sweet potatoe ple. the cranberry sauce. Just one whole day}

of food. food. food. food.

My mother had this really bad habit of smothering our turkey with cranberry
sauce. which besides turning the turkey pinky-red. makes it taste sweet and
disgusting. Year after year the same thing would happen; Robby and l would
defend our meat from all enemy berries. carefully constructing a solid fort with
our cutlery and our hands. We were no match for the wicked sweet red fruit and
its oozing sauce. however. and In no time our turkey would be ruined. Mommy
was very good about letting me. Robby and Daddy get all of the white meat
though. Then again she loved dark meat.

Sweet potatoe pie was a whole other story. That's my tnother's specialty.
because it's really easy to cook. We'd open up two cans of yams and mash 'em
up a lot. Next we'd throw in a can of 3 Diamond crushed pineapples (on sale at
Foodtown — three for a dollar) and mix it'around. We'd dump It in a pie tin and
then it was my Job to cover the mixture with tiny marshmallows. One year i was
really proud of myself. having made a smiley face with the marshmallows. Mom-
my told me that it was really beautiful. it must be hard to be a parent sometimes.

After a while we started having all of our holiday dinners at my Aunt Gloria's.
my mother's twin sister. it was a real problem getting the pie there because when
we left it would still be hot. so we'd have to put it in a cartort itorrt the garage artd
hope that we didn't make any sharp turns Rob and i used to giggle a lot as the
pie slid back and forth in the box. Oh. those times we had.

in the early days. scores of relatives would gather on nty aurtt's orange carpet
and eat nuts and cheese wltile we waited for Gloria and her maid Ruth to bring
out the meal. But as the years progressed. more and more of the family either
migrated to Miami Beach. or passed away. leaving a scant nine of us to carry on
the slothful lace-stuffing tradition.

Then. four years ago we added five more dinner members My cousirt Jeff hit
the Jackpot when he married Debbie. getting her parents and grandparents as a
part of the package deal. The new blood gave us rrtore jokes. more good times.
more good desserts to eat. '

Our Thanksgivings have changed personnel. but basically remained the saute
throughout the years. Turkeys. however. have not. As little as 30 years ago.
turkeys were strong enough to nest in trees and reproduce by themselves. an
ability I would hope most species posess. Now. due to inbreeding. baby turkeys
are born with the help of artificial insemination. while their 'parents' are
deanlmated and turned irtto food receptacles by witless farmers.

There are a few wild turkeys left. Give them a fighting chance. Invite one to

dinner. but don't forget to leave out the cranberry sauces. [J
r‘ t 4 . l '
(ﬂy/Ziggy
\v-» '/ 

 

on . ,t. ........t.

 

 O 0 O

341'

‘Does Anybody Really Read These Preheads? The reports of XTC’s

demise have been greatly exaggerated. as they prove with their
new LP Murmur. and Joe Romano tells you all about it. Surviving
the freshman year of college is no mean trick. and John Keenan
reviews two books which claim to make it all much easier.

F________centerfold
Generics coming at you: Jim Capozzola takes a no-frills look at the

possibilities of a generic society. where name brands are unneed
ed. and speculates on some of the virtues of a world when.
everything is a “money-saving brand."

7a

 

Ga

Between The Lines: John K. is Chuckles and China: Like it says

back again. just to remind us that
there's no use crying over spilt
milk. and Michelle Krell poetical-
ly challenges the frosty fate of an
oncoming winter.

Ian Spelling takes irt Geriqu
Carlin's latest show (but Won't tell
us the seven words). and Stew
Marks talks about Zhao Xian
Jian. a young Chinese Woman
who has witnessed the great pro-
blems and possibilities of China's
cultural revolution

 

 

Want to do something cultural this weekend? Something crazy.J

Or just plain fun? Spectrum unfolds the wonders of Albany's

weekend activities before your very eyes. The Freshman. tnvan

while. is preparing for his own weekend by going to the

Moneymatic. and Oils gets held up...or stuck up.

 

 

 

 
 

  
  

Quote of the Week:

"Jim. you look like a Picasso!"

11-17. 6:22 .t ttt

LL. who noticed Jim (yes. Jim the typtst) slumped in a bizarre angular posi-
tion in a chair by the typesetter. The long night was beginning to take its toll

 
    

i
i
i

vvv'

 

 

  

Nig t ogether

starring
“The Rolling Stones”

Price:

 

NOVEMBER 18, 1953

 

he verdict Is in. XTC is alive and

well and they have lust released

their latest LP. entitled Mummer.
With this album. their seventh to date. XTC
erases the many rumours which circulated
about the band's supposed demise.

 

Joe Romano

 

They released their first album 602. In
1977. with Andy Partridge on lead vocal:
attd guitar. Colin Moulding on backing
vocals and bass. Barry Andrews or
keyboards and synthesizers. arid Terry
Chambers on drums. After their Second
release. “White. Music". Andrews left to Join
engine of Gentlemen first. and. more
recently. Shrlekbnck. He was replaced by
Dave Gregory. the new lead guitarist. and
that line-tip remained intact throughout their
last album. English Settlement.

l’ollowittg that lost studio album. the
group cancelled their entire tour for uncerr
taltt reasons. Their rttattagement claitrtt-d it
was due to lead singer Andy Pnrtridge's
severe stomach disorder and subsequent
hospitalization, it was believed though. tltat
the true reason was l’ttrlrirlge's lack of desire
to keep up XTC. and that they had disband-
ed. There was also a lot of signals that they
were no more They released "Beeswax". a
greatest hits Ll’. and their other albums
began appearing at greatly reduced prices in
record stores. Mttnunur. however. is proof
that XTC is still with us.

The music on Muntnter incorporates the
typical XTC "sound" that they have
developed over the years. though it is a bit
mellower. Their earlier material was very
quick paced, up-bettt music. The pace sud-
denly slowed down dramatically on English
Settlement. artd has continued in that direc-
tion on Muntmer as the guitar-bass Interplay
seems to have been semi-squelched. The
iOith are very solid musically. They are car-
‘led by the strong lead and backing vocals of
’artridge and Moulding respectively. and the
teady, pounding drums of recent addition.
Peter Phipps. Former drummer Chambers
|)lays on two cuts. and Phipps plays on the

have found the perfect replacerttettt for
Chambers. as he keeps up the XTC “tradt
tion" of great drumwork llls plttylttg Is also
very reminiscent of Chantbers' style ill lhill
although he does rtotlttttg fancy. he keeps
up one of the strongest beats around Tlll!
laid back guitar of Gregory. and the bass
work of Mouldlttg ltold the songs together
tightly. XTC also like to highlight the songs
with heavy use of l’artrtdge’s acoustic guitar.
and they accent the sound with a rttinl~korg
synthesizer.

The album starts off witlt “Beating of
Hearts". a pro»love, anti-war tune. as are
many of the other tracks. The lyrics are cer-
tainly one of XTC‘s strongest points. The
opening cut conjures up an aura of Arabia.
with a mandolin sounding guitar. as Par»
tridge croons: “For a heart witltout love Is a
song without words. and a tune to whiclt no

 Heme—smmmv... .. ...w.-mmx

.. .. .V. .. ......'.i....a..';,......._......

‘Does Anybody Really Read These Preheads?

Melodic Murmurs From XT C -

 

  

 

2-. I I _. __ ~~-.

u as...“ ..;.t,.

 

..,v, ., .. .v ...-4a_mmamﬁmm

 

 

louder than the thoughts of dictators. rattling
swords. loading rifles. st'rt'ttttring warlords.
bombers itr flight. I‘lld most importantly.
louder than the noises of hatred.

Next up is one of the llt‘llt‘f cuts on the LP.
"Wonderland" It is .I very pretty love tune
played at a mellow pace. which is
:ltaracteristlc of most of the album. l’ar»
rldge's vocals are excellent. and producer
Steve Nye makes a guest appearance on the
rntni‘korg. The lyrics tell of a girl "wrapped trt
her mysterious wonderland; caught in her
superficial non-existent wonderland." Andy
)romlses her: "one day you will break out of
your spell. arid sortie day you will want tire
for your own, and ill say welcome to
reality."

The best song on the album ltas to be the
single. "Great Fire". All of the instruments
are ftrtally unleashed trtto an upbeat. dancy
tune. very similar to their last hit single,

 

 

lies in the droning bass lines. the drumming.
and the catchy chorus. Gavin Wright's and
Nigel Warren-Green's strings also aid the
song. it is another track about the fires of
love: "No round of drinks can extinguish this
feeling of love and engulfing bliss. I've been i
.n love before, but never like this." This track t
certainly has lhe potential to climb the music -
charts. '

Where Andy Partridge's lyrics seem to
deal with love and/or "anti" sentiments.
Colin Moulding's two compositions are of a
more religious and merciful nature. in
'l)e|iver Us From the Elements". he asks for
he Lord's ltelp. as "we're as helpless now as
we've ever been before." Where Partridge
turns to man to help change the world.
Mouldlrtg turns to God. ln "In Loving
Memory of a Name". art upbeat. George
-larrisonish turte with nice piano work. Colin
toes a tribute to the British soldiers killed irt
:he Falklands: "England cart never repay
>Inu You gave your life to be buried
alongside the place you loved The sermons
you attended when you were young still
lt‘ltt) rottnd these churchyard walls "

Some of the best tracks include
Ladybird". "Me artd the Wirtd". and "Funk
l’op n Roll". "Ladybird" is it very pretty love
song wttlt sweet vocals. "Me and the Wind"
ts a personal favorite of mine. though it pro-
:ritbly isn't likely to become a hit. I particular-
y like the way the tempo keeps speeding up
utd slowing down throughout the number.
’ttrtrtdge pulls no punches irt "Funk Pop a
Roll". as he tips the music industry apart all
through this very dancy. upbeat song
characterized by strong drums and great
guitar riffs. He accuses record companies of
spoonfeedtng us music that keeps us com-
placent. and he even admits that he too ltas i
been affected: “The music business Is a ham-
rter to keep your pegs in your holes. But
)lease don't listen to me; l've already been
)oisoned by this industry; Funk pop a roll
teats up my soul." »

Overall. Mumntvr is another well produc- v ‘
2d. solid effort by XTC. but i feel that the
train future function for the bartd will be to
naintain their large following. rather than to

 

 

This Hidag and Saturday at
University cinemas

 

See 'l'I-IE "All or lenlo i
DAIIGEROUSLY and get a FREE
Lowen'brt’iu at the Rathskellar after the show.

Also, movie goers are eligible for FREE
T-Shirt and hat giveaways!

Shows: 7:30 and 10:00 pm.
$1.50/tax $2.00 w/out

 

sponsored
by Lowenbrit'u

 

 

 

SA Funded

_ 4"“. ---- must.m.nasaaammsvwemuti

 

 

remainder of the album. in Phipps, they

orte is ltstertlng." He claims that this love is

College By The Boo

philosopher and observer of humanity. Garfield.

puts it. big fat hairy deal. So now what? The first year
of college cart be a traumatic experience for some freshmen.
fraught with heavy erttotional upheaval and stinging
‘ortellrtess. It can also be .t total pisser. if you know the right
way to go about it.

John Keenan

S 0 here you are at Albany State. As that noted

fit his book. How to Survive Your (.‘ollcgc Daze. author
(3. Brown. graduate of the Univursity of Chicago. offers
some insights to and advice on college life. With chapter
headings like "Dormitory Food." "Drugs." and the ever-
p'opular "Sex." the book is a ltodge-podge of alternatively
hilarious and useful lrtforrtttttion (for example, did you know
that Gleem toothpaste repairs tack holes lit the wall much
more cheaply than stucco?). The book is filled with stuff that
arty college frosh is going to pick up before his first year ends.
but it gives you the knowledge rtgltt away. wttlt a pleasant bit
of humor thrown 'gt to boot.

The book is divided trtto fottr sections, untitled "Getting
There." "Being There." "A Giant Slumber Party." artd
“Staying There." All of them are just chock-full of Informa-
tott that any college freshman \vOuld be glad to pick up. such
ts the rigltt and wrong ways to cheat. the rigltt and wrong
vays to drink. and the right and wrong ways to have sex.
\lthough this sounds ittsufleritbley condescending. Brown
ttt‘trtirges to handle his prose rtdeptly enough so that all this
.idvlce seems to be coming front a friend who's been there.
Attd the book is very. very fttnrty.

On the other end of the spectrum is Making College Pay
0/]. by Adele Schecle. Ph.D.The difference between the two
handbooks to Cullcgt! is obvious at first sight. Brown's color»
ful cover scents more at lrotne lit the humor section of a
bookstore. whlle Sclteele's book seems to say. "Take me
home. Read me. l'll change your life."

Unfortunately. it seemed to tire that the only people who
would actually contemplate sitting down attd reading Dr.
Saheele's book through are people who will already do well
at college. It's a fine piece of wrltlttg. helpful and informative,
and. like most books you hear characterized as helpful and
Informative. more than a bit dry.

r..\ . mmwnusmw

I .

        

\
t c255
\ [\U‘T‘D' 00R Sue
. t5 V .
SK“ ~\‘ .

. ->\c
\ ‘\t\c\c 5‘ Tm,“

      

r.-

l’lowever. while Brown's book deals more with school
from a coping poirtt of view, Dr. Scheele looks at it in o
success-oriented light lit the chapter 20/20 Hindsight. Dr.
Scheele interviews several successful people on how they
went tltrouglt college She advocates "Making the Most of
Studetttvl’rofessor Relationships" by using your professor lrt
a ntartrter that most freshmen would scorn as browrt‘ttoslng.
Sclteele takes this into account however. by detailing the
career of one college student. called Claude. who "courted"
his professor throughout his matriculation. and was reward-
ed witlt glowing references attd an "in" to the professor's
business contacts. “Claude chartced being called a brown-
noser." Scheele states. "and succeeded far beyond any of his
disdainlng peers.” Whoopee for Claude.

in a purely technical sense. Dr. Scheele's book is far
superior to Brown‘s. as might be expected. However.

“Senses Working Overtime". This similarity

win them any new fans. L]

although it contains a great deal of useful information that
can no dotrbt be of great help to the success-oriented
freshman. it suffers front its "textbook" feel.

Brown. on the other hand. looks at college as a thing to be
survived. artd hopefully enjoyed. Although he too spends
time on success in the classroom. he seems more at home
describing what brand of beer tastes best. and which drugs
are the safest to use when you're planning an all-nighter.

Naturally. flour To Survive Your College Daze is more fun
than Making (.‘ollt-gu Pay 0/]. However. both books are fine
works. and botlt are recommended. The difference appears
to be ttt solely what you want. If you want serious tips on the
serious business of using college to secure you future.
Sclteele's work is for you. If you're merely out for a fun book
however. and are tttterested irt precisely why you should
Nl2VliR register for (I class that begins before 1] a.m.. How

' I}: Srtrnttn! Your (To/It'gt’ Doze is the book for you. lrl

 

 

