. .... .........._..4...__..__4... .... ....._.......

 

   
 

  
  
  
 

    
 
 

  
    

  

 

 

 

 

 SpOl‘tSFt‘i ay ‘ .  Tuesday
 I , I  > . ' §i§§§NYT November 1,‘ 1983

NUMBER 38

 

 

SUNYACs

' bids. and other schools might get into the

I

i ‘ women boaters: ready to host first

 

 

 

 

 

 

» I -    - gar.  so sarcasm: crass:

1 ~. , " _ ' ". . ' ar w c v

Byyrgm‘ygﬁ‘m - I g t I. r. I ,. things up for two more teams to make the I “IyI “I Reich

. _ Smw ChampionshipsI . .III rim/Hr

'; v - dc tomorrow when the , . I4 .__.._._...I____._ __  , , . .
 Ally-3:: ggxiivzingi-s soccer team takes the IIII-Ihc 12):"3L2’rvivz-rJggagtcoiuwliﬁgf ' b Rallicrs protested against the United The American pUlC

,  I w a - ‘tttte's ittvasiott of Grenada at thi °

i new again“ [he Brmkpon Go‘dcn eagles m . The win clinched at least a .500 season I I . I . I I I I
, l t w“. II II SUNYAC (Ith gngIbany and pm me" mom I“ “HI demonstrations Ill Albany Friday.  support Reagan HOW

At stake is t e irst ever '

 

 

' lonshi . as the best from— theI west
{Brockpporn invades Albany to clash With the
Danes. the best from the east.

“The kids are really psyched up for the
game," noted Albany Head Coach Amy Kid-
der. “Whoever wants it the most wrll win;
this ame is up for grabs." .

Tigere has always been a men's SUNYAC

"We got a report they weren’t that good.”
said Kidder. “But they pretty much
dominated against us."

Albany was outshot l9-l5. and allowch
Vasaar to have many fast breaks. “Our kids
were dead," noted Kidder. “We were so tired
from playing three games last week. we Just
let them take the play from us." But the

Approximately forty-five people par-
ticipatcd in the demonstration protesting
Grenada otttside the Armory at the corner of
Washington Avenue and Lark Street l‘riday

evening. The armory was chosen for its
“sIvtiibolisni of the federal government." ac-
cording to Socialists l’ttity titeriiber Mary
Selvas. The crowd was diversified. ranging
from yottrig children. to the elderly.

- CthPlOHShva bl" "ever a women's m'c markviﬁ naggogtiltlcgit‘lllsth:  I The invasion ol (irettada was orig tally
. game. That will all change tomorrow when obstac Slade II IIIIII “mlmd I“). ,.,L.I\|dcm Rmmld RIWI” III II
t the women hooters have the first OPPOTll‘m‘y Dime“ ' ’"5 ' rescue mission lot the 1.000 Artierieitrrs on
(a? Io play in such a gnmEI llte tslatrd. llotictcr. as last \tcck progressed.

 

 

 

Four teams in western New York (Buffalo
State. University of Buffalo. Gcncsco. and
Brockport) battled against each otherIlor
first place. The west winner wasn't dccrded
until Monday when llroekport defeated
Geneseo in a penalty kick shootout.

Albany represents the east based onIthc
fact they beat Plattsbttrgh last Friday. The
Great Danes and Cardinals were the only two
teams in the cast this year, btit expansion is
probable for 1984. I

As is the case with the men. the champion-
ship gatne for women will rotate sites each
year. Next year. the west representative wrll
host the game. But this year the Danes have
the golden opportunity to play in front ot
their home fans. I

Albany didn't face liroekport during the
regular season, bttt Kidder knows how tough
they are. “They play a chip and Iron game.

she said. “Their overall passing is weak. but
they like to pass the ball back and shoot.
The Danes will have to guard against Becky
Thomas. who leads the Golden Eagles in
scoring. I
‘ lirockport likes to change lines everyIIIU
minutes or so to keep their players fresh. kid-
der feels this will give her team art advantage.
She points out that “we'll have been out
there and into the game. it might take them
longer to get warmed up with all their swit-
ches."

A comparable team to Brockport that

Danes conclude home season agai

 

The women's soccer tea

Albany did face this year is St. Lawrencc.Ilri
a very evenly matched game, the Danes tthd
them H. St. Lawrence beat Brockport tltis
year 1-0. I I
Cathy Rttsso will most ltkely start in goal
looking to lower her L33 goals I against
average. A win by the Danes Will improve
their chances immensely to get to the State

m will host the first-ever SUNYAC Championship Game
as they clash with the Brockport Eagles tomorrow at 1 pm.

Lisa Ltitii netted her sixth goal of the y -ar
at 5:06 of the first half as she ptit in a corner
kick froin Kim Kosalck. After Vasaar tiIed
things up. Dana Siam scored the game Iwin-
rtcr at 2|:49 of the second liiilf on a pass trorri
Russo. I I

Kidder praised the play of Sharon Yabtori-
ski. “She has been a real consistent player all
year for us. She has played ball wherever we
pttt her. All I cart stty abottt her is that she s'
been a real pleasing aspect." Yablonski has
been filling in for co—ctiptain KaretiI Smith.
who has been out since October 8 With aIleg
injury. Smith will probably play against
lirockport.

Tomorrow's gatiie mearts so much to_
everyone on the Duties. FromIttti historical
standpoint, Albany would obviously like to

be in the record books as the first wrrmer ol
the SUNYAC Championship game. [lot
more tliart that. the Danes would like to pro-
ve it to themselves that they can ptit an tip
and dowti season behind them and go out
and win the big gatnc. Albany will certainly
be geared tip for this 'mtttch oftlie season .l ‘

BOB LUCKEV UPS

Championships next weekend at St.
Lawrence. lirockport has been ranked pretty
high all year. arid a victory would look ever
so good to the selection committee. I

Kidder notes “The eight best teams won t
be in the States." The reason for this sheet-
plained. “is the fact the t-ams such as (Ior-
tland and llartwiek will be trying for NCAA iilgltt.

THROW-INS: Kerry Young still leads Danes
iii scoring with nine goals. l.iirn and Dec
Murfc tire next in line. with six ttntl five goals
respectively. . . Albany closes out regular
season with it game against Union Montliiy

 

 

 

By Marc “criItttlll

 

nst Alfred

Danes to accept as both were decided iii the
final niirtute. Last week. the Danes were

Reagan defended the llltl\t‘ as necessary to
cheek Soiiet arid ('uburt threats iii the \HIkL‘
of the coup in ulticli l'rimc Minister Maurice
llisliop oas assassinated. lliirs lat. p.001)
marines hate been sent to (irenada. resulting
in lo dead. 77 wounded. and .1 missing.

Sit-\ctttl SUNYA related professionals itllll~
ed the protest. including .ltttlllllllislll pio-
lessor William Rowley and ltis \vife. Albany
(‘httptei United llriiteisity l’tttlcssitrtts l’tcsi-
dertt 'l'im Reilly arid his wife. and | ugliin

Professor Myron ’l‘aylor.

Taylor called the itttasion “a \iolatioit of
every statute of international law. An
Aritcricaii president is asserting lie has the
rigltt to invade anywhere."

He did riot feel the situation was unrelated
to last week's Beirut tragedy. “Reagan is
hysterical because he‘s losing everywhere in
the world." he said. “The American ptiblic
might support Reagan now bttt not when the
costs start coiiting in medical costs."

Taylor did not feel the American students
at the St. George Medical School were
threatened in Grenada. “Nothing wottltl
have happened in Grenada if the U.S. had
not intervened." lte said.

A marine veteran demonstrated clatl iii fttll
uniform.

International Union of Electrical Workers
leader Doug litillock explained, “in riiy mind
this invasion is following the same path as

 

 

Hitler and the Nazis. in all Nari invasions ’

there was a pretext that they Were protecting
their owrt tiatiortal interest and preventing the
spread of communisim by invading other
countries." lie compared the invasion to the
Soviet invasion of Afghanistan. “It’s
trssinin - and it‘s wrong."

liirllock doesn't believe Americans in
Grenada were in any danger. “i heard
students on the radio. They said they were in
no danger until the U.S. stepped in."

Albany Coalition Against Apartheid arid
Racism member Vera Miehaclson was angry
over the invasion. “There is no clear evidence
the students were 'n danger. Some students

 

said they were terrified because of the bombs '

the U.S. were dropping. As far as finding
(‘iihan tll’llls. yes the (lrenadian asked (‘uba

but not when the costs start
coming in medical costs. ”

for assistance. They were facing hostility.“
she said. "it should have been up to the
Grcnadians to decide their own
government."
sh‘ASU l’residettieliin Tierney demonstrated
“as an individual not it SASU
rel ' rttative." ire stressed. “Tire U.S. has
no justification for invading Grenda under
international laws or treaties." he said.
Tierney was angered over the “absolute
news blackout on Grenada." And he feels
‘Reagari ruslted irtlo the invasion before pur-
sttiiig other options. “The U.S. would not
deal witlt Grenada." he said. “They ctit off
diplomatic ties. They pursttcd a military solu—
tioti as the first optiort. not the last."
“if anything. the Ctthtttts set an example.“
said Seltas. “'l hey refrained from getting irr-

 

,
.r
r.

—Mymn Taylor

volvcd in the Grenada government but they
were willing to give help. They helped
develop commutiin projects including free
medical care and education."

- Setviis-callcmhemove-“a political move to
destroy an example of blacks controlling
their own government. it's purely political.
There is no oil or natural resources in
Grenada."
A College of Saint Rose Education professor
tltiriks the invasion “borders on fascism.
Tltere has been censorship of the press.
Reagan has shown no proof Cuban would
have taken over. The U.S. tries to destabilize
governments they don't like."

Ntirircr'otis groups protested the invasion.
including the Coalition Against Apartheid

17>

goeaker’s Forum confronts possible scalper

 

llv Matltli Ktiii

and insisted that the tickets he returned." said Speaker‘s

 

Student Association (‘ortttollei Adam littr‘sky decided to

t. SMHJW,” II I .I I27 .Ih “III (“duh Itv'mrrl-u tss/s/is/ l'Iot'ttrn lreasItItrer Ricky l‘CiItltllilll. i'IL'ltlllltlIl claimed that refer (lreenbaurn to the iltli\t'l\il_\‘ Judicial lloard. said
. I ﬁdﬂmﬂ m ﬁ__ _#. beaten by Norwich 31 v V“ I I I” vrIwﬂrm m  v --I  ~ I r (ticcttliiriun trrst dented selling the lte‘kuls anti lltcti tum gamma
I 757.1“. wucks mu by, the reality continues scoring the wtnriing tt)tIieltd\t;IvIvIIt w” 1 (III II SUNIYA strident Steve (ireenbauin has been impeached returned three tickets to Speaker‘s forum. Our: S.A. ollicial said that this incident might come
 to set deeper into COHCll “Oh FOR“ "llll‘l- 5_°“°"‘l5I '9“ 0“ [he Clix} II “II I” [linlIIII ltorn Speaker sI lI‘tll'lllll and is presently being iIeIcr'rctl to "We gave hint a deadlirtc to return either the tickets the under the obstruction or disruption of Universitv Ac-
! But it is still touch for i‘ Winn“ “kc Fur“ 1” Humming m Inc Dan? (is. I‘Imy  It,” [Jil'wr‘l‘X IJ‘M'CI'i” “‘“l'I‘I I 'Itir illlcgcdll’I WHIPIIIIE Dim“ money or both and we told him that he was formally int» tiiitics. '
~ accept what is lttlppcning' play a bud giimcﬂuualim may“? ‘ REIT“ “LR” I'm “Cd” "mmlmﬂ m Spam“ ‘ l""""" l‘W'V'de l't'tlilldlmV' ildds'll SL'IIWHI'U. llaiskt asserted that “Speaker's l ortrm shorted a lot of
. For ortlythc second time since football was rtmgIaud losing is the )oIttoinIItIrIic.I II IIII II unreprls. I I . I I (flu-ritmum "miniuimd ihurI “t “at tuneup-ling ceiling tcsptlttsiltilih iii the out lltc\ hundch rm. .EIHIIIIIIIII .HIIIII
‘ incorporated at Albany State in 1970, the IuroIothttll Its such a ctIttllIttIltdltL t-ItIlIIIMIII Officials said they are still determining the esact charges. I IIHIIIIIIIIIII II'IIIII III IIIIIIII IINIIII III “II, IIIIIIHIIIIIIH
Great Danes are not heading toward “Wir' 5“"! “"d‘ ‘ w"? mmmmuud.Pimp]? H”; N”.“mimidmwx him- lwc” “.MI ‘WI' “If  [ﬁe/ﬁber does not Other problems ielaied to the Iheiuier performance iri-
iisttal winning season. The best the 2.5 Danes riiost aspects of the game except  III ISpeaker s forum treasurer Ricki l‘L‘ltlllltlll contends that (“Mud IIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIII IIIC WIIIIIIIH “mum”! IIIIII “mud I
I can do Is ﬁnish I500I and that will require rtovers and penalties, and that s \s 1y \L (Iilt't'llllItllllll put up posters adxeitrsuig tlieiiiicr tickets at “7-5/1 to use  tickets I” “III III_IIIIIIIIIIIII,I,I ‘ ‘
II Ihcm In Win “Icir Imminng [mac gumcsI 105p" $20 apiece and \erlutlly agreed to sell them to a student.

 

“I hate losing with a passion." said Ford.
who has been the only football ltcttd coach tit

Albany's offense, which was nonexistent
iii the first part of the season. has undergone

 

 

(it'cctrbatttti maintains that he llL'\’L't sold any tickets. He
declined to comment on whether or not he‘d put up

then he should return

 

Scltitarr/ said that Speaker's lotuttt did not anticipate
the mercioudititI .it the pctloiinarrcc.

. . , . Speaker‘s loitrtri officials lllt‘lllltlllt‘tl the use of ticket
I, -. ~ . . x _‘) ' re uvenatron. Last week lllty msters. . ,
the Danes’ lllthfY- “1 lhmb “‘9 miImlU” you 50"“ I“ n 0‘ I] I a 275 TWO WW“ I . .I I . I I I .  ’ ’ \lttbs as a reason for the tuctcrotsdrnc. "\\ c tell that the
' v v- I " is when you start losing." otrtgaincd the Cadets 3i to . r the tickets whuh (.reeriltauin .tlleyetll) .rdiertisetl. were, . . . I I I . I I ._
accept ostng I I -l d 297 .um . I . . I tscessaritotim oi ptoplc was due to ticket holders \shor sok
‘- The Dnncg' football program has always ago versus Cortlandthcycompic Y- -- according to lcldmari. three lice complimentary tickets III iI IIIIIIII “III II I“ III II IIII I .. Ii] ,5 III I SI
. - II .. I ‘ ,._ . .. . - s t' t it; c c it cs, stt.'\tIt/..t‘
i boasted a winning tradition. The only year "Our offense has deftiittcly “will” mlmmu “H” “W EM" m mph “mmm m Spam" ‘ mum" —Rw/"-V lie/(mum 'ltltiL‘tl lll'll in the future Spe'tket‘s Iortuti hi‘llls t l u - 
v ' ' .« u u ' - " - - ‘ :Ot'd. 't'wc “5‘ “Vol” (‘ "Illl'llllll :t'l thrl - ti H ‘t il'm'titan ti' ' i l . ' i ‘ i ‘L '
. the Danes weren't wrnnLrs was back in 1976 mcrit. LIDll'lIll‘lIt:(::(clr: II J - WIIrIrLIItII IIIIIIIIsIIitIIIIItIIrhrIIIIILLL ItIItIiInItII :IIIIIIIIII  II I II I I IIIIIIIII III II IIIIII IIIIIIIII
. . . - -- v .. " ' ‘ ' . " ‘ ' . c ' ~' ~ ' .H‘ .  . t . .
who" mu mam MI [0 4 5' “N Hwy hmmud ml O'UI l K | - it 'll be 'Oing in, I I I lI ‘I IlI l I I- II I II t I I I Milt U" ll” lIllUlIk'lIl dim“! 1| ilINI-l) “It'll! tllld l tlssld' Sclruait/ said that tlte trrie\pceledly large audience torc-
back the next year and haven‘t sunk tinder This week. the Danes wr It; II that l rat iioikct lot I it tickets it pulling up limit” dlltl mi It With II had ttlt'u tllltl i .L'ilw Illc lithe“ buck In Ricky ed :tppt'ovitnatelv ‘00 people to sit behind the sound L'( hi i-
am 5001ch gincc. against a defensive tiiiit that liasn t dllOWLtI selling tickets and that the tickets were my coiiiperrsattotr (l'L‘ltllllilll)." “m” “hm, m0): WUMUW we ' I I
’ ' ... .  - . .. . v 't: in 'l sin le 'ime ant 'r~ e ' I th- u and at' it.“ -*iilr'.'/-. '-- v . -' . . .-. .. - . . '
Now (he Danes .rri. fach wtthI tiI scary more than 11f [301“? ‘ dIIlIicIIIE‘ ' it I I\ “litlwIlUI tItI  I/IIIoI II ht LlllI asIt LLiI  IItutcttbutunI Lkplillttctl tIliitt .ttthi spt.tkirte with some tourplatnts about the sound stslt'ttt \iere defended by
,I qhuﬂlion' as they risk the posstbtlity or that is trrcludtng their four e .. I I ( ornpltmttttan tukcts .rrt giicrt to members for llrer tirertds he decided that selling the tickets mittht be illegal." S‘chwiu't/ \\ ho described in.- eyed-m 1e “e\l|‘etttt'l)' intl‘UI
‘ finiSlllni! Wilh ""3 more“ "590”! l" [he Ann'd's 2'4" “hp '5 (“me dLiuwi‘g.M h‘m' “ml hm "" “m l” I“ “'l" '” “is Ill'l‘l's' 'll lht ' Alter laitvc back the tickets i thought I tittttltt lime done tarir anything smaller would not be ‘lllli‘llL‘ for the amount
’r schoops history might be indicated in the scores of lllLlf set-I member does not wrsli to use his tickets then ire should something “long so i looked in [Ily ttniwrsiiv rules 'llltl r," I‘anic i” 1IIL mm Ill.” nigh. n ‘
‘ i I p ‘ ' n ' i . ' ' , , ' _ . . , ,, . , ‘ 4 . . ' I ‘ c. ‘ '
‘ “There is no losing attitude on this team," bricks. flte Saxons' combined margltl 0‘ return ll to Speaker s t ottirrt “llth lite) would then he sold regulations and I didn't see anything that said it was against [vuldnnul will mm mm. H, 1000mm.“ MW mm for [he
_ I Isuid Ford “Each week we feel we're going“, (Idem is 10 poimsI while they haven t htLItt to the general public at the correct price," said l‘cltllllitll. University policy." said tit‘cenbatrni I,“ mmmm. “Acumding u; 'ﬁgmu [h H M 'M“ “N”
win and this week is no differentg- beaten by "10": man [our POWS "1 “'le “"IgI‘I Speaker ‘s lorttrri t liaupttsoii. hlttlitllc Schism ll said l-eldrnari and Schwartz said they decided to take legal ire. cm.“ New“... hum. Hum). I 40“ "mph. “hm, [mm 1 gm
a! ‘ Tomorrow afternoon the Danes. after sut- ailme- “ThCY'W l l Pomls from “nd‘ “mu' she Iotrnd (rreerihauui‘s posters scattered around Dutch ttoir against (rrceithaurn utter speaking with Dutch Quad w.- imd .150 Chime in It... "mum. “mil,” M H... gym "HM.
{cring back to ank ht‘ﬂllbrcakinE dermis. (llllPPCd Fom- I II II SIIXOIIII Quad slitting “Davtd llrcnttct' tickets for sale $820 eacir with .lttdtcral lloard member's. l-'e|t|rnttn said he first brottglrt the rm.” number of seats equalling 'i no " said l-‘cldnmn
. . ‘ ' ' ~ ~ .-' ‘-.. . t 4 t- r 't' . . . H." '. “‘” ‘ '
“we” ups Will try to get back on the wrnning track when AM if ll m“ be memo": rd {I‘m ‘wcck the referred llwlllilLI s ((ttLLlllldtllll s) harm and phone slltI-Illtlll to the Albany Police. the police could not handle Thu (‘cmml Sum 0m“. iIs WNW”), undertaking u“ iIII
1. W W‘ they mcc124.| Amcd at Mbanyts Un|vcr5|iy were triumphant ovcr Cort tin -. I number." the case. l't.‘l(iltlﬂll added. because it took place on SUNY we“ mun in ,- t- I t 4‘] n - l . l' “k -[ H '
I G “Jane Mom.“ "am Wm I II b Ih DIIIICII were upset by I I I I I I I I I  I _ g. tltLl i run Ll lL llttlll )Ll o tic t .s so i to
{i Albany 5.8.0 runnlna back Jon" Dunham and mo [.0 " ‘omonow ” Field. 33-l3. the same L u c - 18> ‘ Alter seeing the signs we approached ltttll ((-iccribtrum) property. [he “mom” or muncy lecicden "I".th MIMI ,
 be playlng lhﬂll‘ "Ml "om. 93"“ “mm "my "me. Am.“ unwom y The last two losses ltave been hard for the - .
l
*1; 1:30 pm.

.5

 . . t- We... -.
-' menatawmwaww

- -» -- w» "'N‘M‘wbiﬁv was“. .we;aa.:scmmam¢sei:a

"gimmick. .i..-. ;' adv/Iv. .1.

 

' narrates... r. .

l

 

Satan-- 4:: a. .r w-

 

 

 

