 

 

 

 

6a the ﬁnal act

 A Time To Celebrate

s O n Saturday May 7. at 12 noon,

the University Concert Board will
M 'present Celebration ’83. the an-
Alnual culmination of Its year of concerts. in
y association with UAS. Providing the enter-
tainment this year will be U2. David
Johansen and Robert Hazard.

Mark Bodin

Hot on the tracks of their current big-
selling album War. U2 will headline the
event. They are currently holding the '12
on the Billboard magazine L.P. chart. and
the two smash singles from the album.

3‘

 

Kamc~

Year's Day." have propelled War to the ’1
position on the FM. airplay charts nation-
wide War deals with a touchy sub)ect for
the iiatlve Dubltners. the sectarian strife
(termed "the troubles") in Northern
lreland. The opening track. "Sunday
Bloody Sunday." imniedtately makes the
listener aware of the album's message. it
cleats with the 1972 incident in which 13
ctviltans were killed by British paratroopers
in an illegal civil rights demonstration in the
irish city of Londonderry. During the song.
lead vocalist Bono Vox (credited as
Hewson on the band's first album). cries
out. “How long? How long must i sing this
song'."

UZ's 1981 debut album Boy established
the lrisli rockers as a new band to watch.
Boy displayed a raw sound dominated by
the power guitar of "The Edge" Evans.
Bono‘s passionate vocals and the
danceable beat carried by the bass-drums
duo of Adam Clayton and Larry Mullen
Jr.. respectively. The album. which. ex-
amines the anxieties and uncertainties of
growing tip. starts off on the right foot with
the hard-driving "1 Will Follow." which is
about a boy's emotional hardships in his
transition to manhood.

October was U2's second offering.
Keyboards were added to spice the band's
rugged. hard-driving guitar-bass-drum in-
strumentals. The album. like Boy. touches
on a few specific areas. this time the theme
being romance and religion. The popular
fast-paced rocker. "Gloria." is followed by
another strong track. “l Fall Down." which
blends subtle keyboards and vocals with
the Edge's familiar forceful guitar that U2 is
best known for. On another note. the

“Sunday Bloody Sunday" and “Newt

 

under 22 years of age) have not been per-
forming this fast-paced tune.

Playing in the number two slot to the hot
new act U2. will be veteran rock n'roller
'David Johansen. Johansen. who has been
performing with his own band since the
breakup of The New York Dolls in
mid-70's. is a Celebration veteran. having
appeared here at the 1980 Mayfest.

David Johansen. a Staten island native.
began his career in the early 70‘s as the
frontmari for the N.Y.'Dolls. who were the
true precursors of the New York City punk
scene. in the Doll‘s. Johansen played with

Jenny Thunders and Sylvaln Sylvain. and .

together they gained much attention with
their 1973 debut album featuring the still
popular track "Personality Crisis". They
soon became very popular in the Green
wich Village club scene. Their second L.P..
quite appropriately entitled Too Much Too
Soon features another Johansen favorite
"Stranded In the Jungle".

Since the breakup of the Dolls.
Johansen has gone into the studio for three
albums. The most popular of these albums
was his first solo pr(i)eCt in 1978. included
on this album are the popular "Girls."
"Frencltette" and the dance hit “Funky But
Chic." Johansen's 197B followup L.P. in
Style included the hit single "Melody."
which vaulted his solo career onto the
charts. Most recently Johansen released his
second of two live albums. entitled Live It

Up. which is notable for It's versions of the‘

Foundation’s “Build Me Up Buttercup"
:ind liis popular Animals medley.

Opening this concert/festival will be
Robert Hazard. a Philadelphia native who
promises to impress many with his distinct
rock and roll charisma. Since releasing his
debut E.P. on his own RHA Records.
Hazard has played not only as an opener
for bands like the Motels. but also as
aheadllner himself. Hazard has sold
60,000 plus copies of his independently
released E.P. in Philly alone and recently
completed an MTV video of his huge hit
“Escalator of Life".

Of the live tracks on the ER. “Escalator
of Life" and “Change Reaction" are by far
the most popular. Escalator's technopop
sound is balanced by the fastmoving. 60's
style rocker "Change Reaction." Together
these two tracks have helped propell this

 

 

Etiquette ’

T he weather is finally nice. classes
are being cut. and shorts abound.
A walk down the podium is just
the thing to lift the spirits front the drudgery
of winter. Life is once again full of excite-
ment and promise and the air is filled with a
mixture of laughter and loud music. Wak-

money. so watch out for plckpockets
Shoes: Shoes are optional. One's that
can be kicked off in a hurry to snag an or
rant frisbee are ideal. Leave all hiking hot iix
at home.

Hntl: Hats are the most underrated i-otn
ponent of a wardrobe. Not only do llli‘i,‘

  

The Graduate

Waiting for Eddie
A Play In One Short Act
by Andrew Carroll

Dttreil Stone. where he and lll‘v \“ll .in
preparing for bed. This with: ‘- Mil
while, and purposely syinntet‘ it til it” "1
iect which Stone oitce said"t' til i
mal composition. much lilr ‘
Mrs. Stone says it makes if .r titl'
neck. and wonders if louh ’trt .‘il'3 “r l “l
ever peed in their closets.

it is the end of a dry duttti't \ilti' l' M"

  

 

she notices that llBlllli‘lirilitl t‘r Nillltttl li\'
the noth window --no the Httllli \‘.|ilill >w
—— wlitle he tltumbithiotiqh olil illiiiliilllli“
and drirtks from trillion poi through a
straw. She speakilt
MRS. STONES:' li’iiitl‘) llilWitlil littiellJ
Edward Dureil Salli" What's mom). dad
trig? ,
E.l).5.: Remmlwi \\'l|i'll l till‘f wtth
Governor Ron ft'llt'l .i ll'\\’ months ago.
and he asked 0 to do lttiii a fai/or'.J
MRS. STONE m Amt»
E.i),5.. Welltor iiv wants llli.’ to design a
university; irl nit: PLANS Altli not:
TOMoni‘tr/vti
 ((fttitaln)
t H
. Sinha weren't the first plans considered
for theew State University iii Albany. The
itr r’cHarrtson and Abramowltz came up
with it earlier design. with buildings scat-
'tere all about the 400 acre site, Yet
'Rbteieller had final say. and thanks to an
obesston with tunnels and towers that
'wuld persist until his death he gave the
Amy ti) Stone's "Versailles." But i don't
ilnk we're supposing too much whett we
sispect that SUNYA might have been a
rtshed job. if not the product of an all-
tighter. then certainly it is the result of Pro-

 

-..ﬂu..-“ .- .— u ____._.———..._.'_____..__—_.
. r . .s_._..‘.—..W._._.

 

(Tlte time: 19(12. The scene (illi’li‘t in llti‘
bedroom of the noted .‘ircliiidit illumini

Stone ltas noticed thtt Fiiwnt iron-ll has‘
been very restless. As ’slit' lliii' .r pillow. '

Andy Carroll: SUNY — Product Of An All—Nighter

 

 

you might find yourself it. a sprint across
the hallway and throtiglt the plate glass of
the podiitm. Some prefer approaching the
stairs on the bias. hoping the diagonal ap-
proach will offset the anatomical unrealtty
of the Stone design. Or do as i do. and
avoid classes in the lecture centers.

The Pound la Sinking. and So to the

Podium

if i learned nothing else in my four years.
We at least learned what to do when large
slabs of concrete begiti to cave in: surround
the depressions with orange sawliorses and
wait until spring.

 

 

 

frssor Stone having farmed opt one job too

The Campus Center

 

   

 

US News 6’: World Report. 1967. and Atlris .enie

       

nt: Visions of the future.

say. i've yet to detect a difference between
the "Cafe" and the "Dell" anyway. unless
tlte University thinks it important to draw a
distinction between a place that offers pita
bread and one that doesn't.

And why can't [get grilled cheese on rye
bread unless l go to the Kumquat Cafeteria
on the Draper campus? And why after
2:30 in the afternoon does UAS offer no
foods that can be eaten wlIlt a knife and
fork? And wlty doit't they invest a little and
set up a real piua oven. wttli real pizza?
Don't they waiit to make niotiey. or would
that just force tlteni to lower tlieii rates?

Finally. what's llyellow pea soup"? This
is a joke. right?

Out-Ida the Cnmpuo Center

Ever since i was freshman. the time
when i still thought it was funny to put Wisk
lit the little fountain. I've seen the same
faces. selling the some products. i'll show

you:
i) The Rose Man (who has never attended
a class. nor is ever seen without a

:ﬁ the ﬁnal act 70

    
 
     
     
 

wanker-into)

~<>S

Will“

3

Atlas

an o .ru.r.~-.

What do you suggest?"

Of course. Ann suggested that 1 either
talk to my parents and tell them how i feel
about their lighting. or get immediate
counselling

The Humanities Building

There are far too many people in the
Humanities building. and worse yet. nearly
all of them are either students or pro-
fessors. Something must be done about the
betweeniperiod traffic )ams. or hundreds of
English and language ina)ors will die of
lung cancer Try this. people: after one
‘.cl.iss. go to your next. You‘ll be surprised
‘how less congested the halls will be. and
how much better you‘ll understand a lec-
ture when you hear it from the beginning

Then there's the Humanities lounge.
ltvliicli is notable for having the most chairs
of any room on campus Believe it or not
'(or "Beelieve it or naught." as Jack
l’alaitce says), there are 160 chairs in the
Humanities lounge. and on a weekday
morning each is filled with a person who

 
 
 
 

A touching slow-paced beginning of"Tomor- record near the top 100 albums on the "19 “P l“ (he momliig ‘5 becoming keep your head from “5"”9 “k” “” "‘l‘l' . ’
row" followed up by the title track ballad charts. tolerable. it's time again for the biggest may also 539 a [0' “how your PWSOiiiilIiv ext let us look at the l'g'ns' or be" Clgmmlel‘ 'liliil‘S it‘ll)Ulilr t’i‘lt’ilﬂilimcnl (1050" bt’t’"
uOuch“... shows a slde 0‘ .he hand no. pexhaps lhe blgges. surpnse on me EP' we,“ of (he school yea... when 12.000 of t Anything goes. except crass hats with lllill [er yer listen to the lights. Or even 2) The balding fellow with the feathered the same since the Wakefield Master pass
dangling from them. earrings and the wood flute. ed on

better. let's listen to the people
who complain about the hunt of

the areas brightest people let their hair
down and dance. prnnce_ gar dnwn‘ may. Shim: Clothes make the person and llll'

down. gambol. ramble. and cajole tor 5m" makes lhe ClOlh05~ Again. illtylliiiitl

3) The guy with the white yarinulke who
sells incense. peasant skirts. atid those real-
ly nasty smelling oils.

previously displayed. Is the very last song on the record and the

Definitely no strangers to the Albany one which Hazard saves for his encore in
The Dorm-

maiices. U2 will be at their best in bringing
their enlarged repetolre of rock and roll to
Celebration '83. in describing their style.
Bono Vox states “We're not punk. new
wave or heavy metal. We're )ust one band
and we do what we do." A special stdenote
to the show will be listening for the band's

 

area after three full-house JB Scotts perfor- concert. The sottg is a cover version of

Dylan's “Blowin' in the Wind" in which
Hazard speeds the tune up 200 percent
and proves it to be an everlasting favorite of
all generations and styles of music.
Overall. the U2. Johansen. Hazard bill
promises to be htglily entertaining. The
show ls exclusively for SUNYA students

 

 

'auscous rock 'n' roll in one of the biggest
parties thlsside of ancient Rome.

 

Joel Greenberg
HTS/liar"'yﬁlﬁitif'cuéﬁﬁm
Mayfest. or Fenceiest. this year‘s outdoor

  
  
 

 

 

 

 

)ust-goi-off—tlie-court look. They exude

t goes except concert shirts. especially no

Rush T-shirts. This isn‘t high school.

Of course. we're all here for the litii‘rlt
Right? Wrong! invariably. half the day will
be spent watching members of your
favorite gender. The middle of the field will
offer choice viewing. it's here that the lam

 

    
 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 

the fluorescents, and think
they're making an original obser-
uatt‘on.

 

 

 

You can strike every other step. but then
_,___.__________.___._—-—-——

 

Let's call them the Big Three and salute
their competitors: the guys with the crates
of scratched albums. the stuffed animal
people. the Albany Evangelical Christians.
the military recruiters. the Dttnkin' Donut
agents. and the personal computer guy
with the really neat space game.

‘ o | 5m 19 a or “Mel enmied and a] 0 event means iuri. The people at U.C.B. ed Hose." ' . a a 3..., ,i.. _ t H . ,
; tgizlegranons" so {gronpmeu ‘zur' U2 (all ‘he evsﬂal‘élﬁsucsehsglacllecsime away frog and UtA‘sl have W“de long mgms m am Smlng En ‘33): lg: 2:31bgfhelisl Dlmklln many to his l./\. 5. Consider: Olh. where to begin? How about at The Gymnasium [y d f f I n as “M I h
' ‘ make this year's Celebration better than mirrored sunglasses me essential 1.. 9p... ‘ ‘ The‘um‘ﬂl POdlum lEVEl. dbOVL‘ “19 Ciilcleilai DCFQSS Let me pass on the fruits of the research "i. “0 .501) "mu '0" 0‘ lie SUI I 25”".
‘ ever. but it's up to you it) enjoy it. Here are Without being Sponed. Nevemmless‘ “WW Stone 5 plans originally called for room from the food and record coops, )ust I've done [ms week When (he University Universuy theory. wliic i stifle; :hll . tom.
a law suggestions n, help yuu {eat more a. seat has a good vlew of the “mm 1M.“ for 1.000.000 books. a figure lin not before the TV room. ‘otone probably was still tn the planning stages. (he state had trouble reading a saw  etter from
case in the (hmng Di monk. unending "HS muse eyes open‘ For ‘hose whn Mllmllv ready to accept. even though the library thought he had a goorltdea when he plan- Said that the athleticfacilitgundmconsrmc. Rockefeller. and thought A any was
year. want ‘0 see me band me {Tom has “W hm clmms .0 have reached the mark. Make it tied a central meettng area'where Virtually non would be the men 5 gym. wirh .1 east of lucson. And yet it makes sense: . .
f. To begin wnhl the proper amm is essen_ view. bu! H you ML, mm mm d dull, 990,000. the official figures less the one the entire student body might congregate womens facility to be built inter on. Late, mile per'liiiur winds on gentle spring days.
.V (1.3L “'5 Clem (hm n "We piece sun wnh a breath as the crowd squeezes ym” “mm” book l m always trying to find. between classes. Unfortunately. the ar~ on. the state said that the gymnasium was a fountain centerpiece operable only (lur-
‘ tie clip of yarn [at/0mg CPA mm is m" m- imo your Spleen Perhaps me busl View lg Next let us look at the lights. or. better chiteci never planned on so many women in fact adequate as a women's gymnasium_ mg the months when schools out. flat
3 the question. it seems so simple. but most on someone eisérs shoulders yet. listen to the lights Or even better. lets in sweat-suit ensembles and guys who wear and ‘rhey started to clear {space for a mnh. whit-h trike decades to repair,
f novices still question their clothing. The For (he "on athletic (heréis the WUIM. ’listen to the people who complain about their athletic shorts near their pants. Nor mans gym and hemhouse. 5”“ men (he wnlkwdys seamed to have been planned
11' best advice )5 to wear as “me as possible slowes‘ Span _ loungmg' h aplme 5.1de .the littm of the fltiorescents. and thlnk did he plan on mtni»skirts when he destgn— Stare said “Fuck em. and if (nu, racqum. wnh rm .rhnnsi barbaric disregard of the
I thout bemg lew‘l "" revollli‘Q ll you that anyone could do it properly. liiil they're making an original observation. ed the staircase above the cafeteria. Am I a ban muns are enough to, (he Chanceltm. “my lagnplg (mug), .rnd turn to much but.
' lhlnk you're bordering on lewd. don't serious lounging involves great suhtii-iv “Ye-9' Hui humus“ they tlﬂ'il k'iOW "19 (lemme becquselm “"de '0 Spend hog“ they're enough for SUNYA (actually. my ween beptember if) and August 2] And
" WDYW. but if you're leaning towards Lounging can be done in any comfortable words‘ Wu Shun“ WHEN" people "NOW PWWWHHQ [n‘l‘mklng t" “‘9 Wt"! Cl‘mkr research said nothing about racquetball ietiiemhet‘ what Mom told you about buy-
revolting. bring a large. brown paper bag. position but [WU easy rules must be [allow Please 10W“ “‘0 “lime- wle W? "3 1“ "‘9 Cdlelem- '9‘ 5 dlscusfs courts in the Chancellor's place. The ing a white suit? Something about cleaning
No matter how many times you've made ed To [Dun e m err cu mun hdvp .. Finally. let Us «Ill Iiiétlw i'm Ulluri 10 ex' “1058 ChairS- Y0“ remember» the Chi‘" Chancellor loves when l kid him like this. bills. wasni itr' Meanwhile. Ed ’atone goes
lu" 0(le baSkelbﬂll teem. fortlits one day, beg, m handg Hp .17 ygy ‘ w”. immi. Plain 1“ "W “'5' llbmiy WUikL’i W0 503 the WW batik P-‘Cl< 90‘ Ci‘qu“ 0"- iiliil Which and i'm hoping he'll invite me out on the and designs .iii entire place in "Atlas white
"'5 com to Show some 5mm" 5mm and is lm ro I) aVinyl-1T1“? m- cool will meaning of the word “ventilation.” Wine when you tried to release it. threw you to yacht). “imam.” and “peas n (0 keep clean in,
wear anything that says SUNY Albany on have]; 52;" Dung n)? . ll  while the has been known to breathe better than a the floor? Last year s refurbishing of the Bur. as with the humming or the library wmuncsi
"' excem maybe """U'Wei"' ["5 amghl ‘0 l ultimate isa‘lllilm/gtlmzi l) 5r 5 ll we a pit person studying in the newly redecorated commuter cafeteria was one of the most lights. it‘s boring to complain about the ‘
' drag out that old SUNYA shirt that you ‘ Chm 0‘ be a it} I' .VL flat] ﬁlmy. "N... periodical room. exciting things to happen on canipus’in overcrowding in the gym Insiumh i'd “k9 wot). [W hrnt it. Ed After {our yudrs.
bnugl‘l ‘lUiliiB 0Ylﬂltiiiibn. Leave all the “l m ,' l lfllWI 1  in”, mm. l“ h .30.”... The Steps Outside the Library years. yet some mistakes‘were made which it) mention some of the problems l've been you‘re forcing me to graduate. Oh. i could
i hate all this concrete" winnings m hnmc. 1‘: S‘mpll‘s '0‘ a t “Talk”; dem ("i'm I'm really talking about the steps which had nothing to do Willi 510110 BL’SldL’S the having with "illness" swimming. and to have hung on »- a few iiiconipletes here. a
, Shorts: Shorts are very a la mode, but uglier“ we or "e my (m V lead from the lecture centers to the steps chairs (and surveys have shown that the quote Ann Landers on the subject; summer mmsg more. Bur I like brick And
‘ leans Cit" be lUlcriited ii the sun doesn't For'mosc or us wlm-s (hddwq mm In outside the library. Now be honest; have only person not to how irIthr'l 0|) the!" “Dear Ann. I crooked trees. And sitting down in a diner
. shine. Cutoffs are very comfortable; they [on] .0 send us ‘0 H mh :0 wan. (,n on. you ever walked up or down those 15 graduated in December). there 5 the fact “My university gym sets asule hours for and ordering anything i please! And well-
53y 0"“ “l ‘W0 things about a person, Skin's ) .0 ‘l “on "my (,0 .steps the same way twice? Whoever that the big SUPCF‘QWPNCS sayliig Dell. ‘ittness' swimming. and they rope off lattes regulated room temperatures. And playing
,, Either you're too poor after paying run...“ necessa'uc+h su.n ET; 3. much W“ U," designed them had a better understanding "Cafe." etc . are obscured Whenever the for intermediate and‘advanced swimmers. basketball when i want to play basketball.
,1 in buy new clothes. or you're Wing [00 do butrge' awireestl‘ez: ill no“ deck)” 1., 1.5.. or mm. mm, people, and burn slaps 501m. doors of the eateries are open. A (lesign My problem is that im Somewhere in bet- And waking up at ten. and not when some
.‘ hm" ‘0 “Cl (3001- Gym shorts give the illu. [on'on our" :obagl side 3...“...1 like at possibly shallow that one has a choice of llﬂW. lmleSS “10 decommis ll‘mk Vl5ll°i5 ‘0 WEE". and 3m '00 last for the intermediate guy is vacuuming the sidewalks at 7:30,
i. v 5k)” “l buliitl a lock. but they're still great greasddypig an’il collezt a lot of dirt . approaches. You can try to strike each step the campus center plan lite night [More lanes. and too slow for the advanced. I Vaccuumtng the sidewalks? i want out. Ed.
' U2. David .Ioliansun, & Robert l'farard: Entertainment tit Celebration '83. lounging amm‘ Tel'ms Shons have a PM" ' There you have it. the artful way to en on VDUT WW d0W”- bUl you'll 500" (ind Whal lhey 3'“ 90mg '0 have [or lunch [he hale l0 lOUCh People's feel Wile" i'm domg and i want ii‘nowy and bEfOI’e the next lerk
’0‘ Celebmuonrm‘ t 1 than you are in enact (angaung yomsett, next day. the breast stroke. almost as much as i hate asks me. What are you doing next
Not that it really matters what the signs to have the bottom of my (eei touched. year?"

Have you ever heard of the Monroe ef-
fect? Named after a iatnous sequence in
The Seven Yuur itch. the Monroe effect is
what happens when air pressure drives a
column of warm air up the side of n
skyscraper. Now you have a technical tertn
for what you usually called "freezing your
ass off" on the way past a tower. i still can

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

