 

 

 

'In the area. Consequently “Across The

tomsnicrs ONITUESDAY .

,‘arthwalk is a multI-screen slide

presentation which was shown In

the Campus Center Ballroom last'
Wednesday evening. lt depicted the travels .
of David and Philin Walker. The Walker
brothers are environmentalists who set out to
hike from Anchorage. Alaska to the Mexican
border. They spanned 1.500 miles during
14 months, hiking almost exclusively In
wilderness areas. They traveled by map and
compass. There were rarely any roads. or
even so much as a marked trail. The Walker
brothers had Intended to “rough It." but
found their odyssey Infinitely rougher than
they had ever Imagined. They traveled all
types of terrain through all types of weather.
They traversed Alaskan glaciers and Califor-
nIa deserts. with the weather ranging from
blizzards with below zero temperatures and
60 mph. winds to the stifling lZO-degree
dry desert heat.

Evan Murphy

The Walker brothers spent most of their time '
by themselves From time to time and town
to town they would run into people. hunters.
hikers and other assorted characters. As they
passed small towns they began to develop a
following. They often became "human In-
terest" stories for local newspapers and TV
stations. Their new-found fame provided
them with an opportunity to borrow canoes

 

 

 

a particularly friendly female In Vancouver
did, knock David over with a kiss. Whenever
bears crossed their path. the brothers were
relieved of their food supplies. forcing them

:ecuted. The show consisted of three
lslmultaneous screen presentations and a
musical soundtrack. It was written and
forganlzed by David. Phillip and Steven
Walker. They selected the inimitable Orson
Welles as narrator. The slides shown were
chosen from hundreds taken throughout the
trip. The slides were breathtaking; the colors
filled the ballroom. There was one particular-
ly inspiring view of an Alaskan glacier. the
sun making the ice glow all the way to the
horizon. The only sign of man was the
shadow of one of the brothers. The show
contains numerous shots of what Orson
Welles termed In the narration as "nature's
limitless personalities." The images were so
intense that they seemed surreal. almost
psychadeiic. This. of course. was one of the
Walker borthers' points. People are so
alienated from nature that this symmetrical
cement "podium" seems more natural than a
view of a mountain, lake or forest.

Orson Welles' narration is well-executed.
The music for the soundtrack Is appropriate
and well organized. The soundtrack is more
like choreography than conventional score.
Each piece of music Is Intrinsically linked

 

and other equipment fro.n local townspeo- with the Images on the slides. The sound-
ple. Their food and film supply were track included music by Vangells. Pink
delivered by their paretrts at designated drop Floyd. Pat Metheney and Phil and David's

points.
The brotlrers' plans were flexible enough

older brother on acoustic guitar and flute.

Overall It was an inspiring experience and._

to Include side trips and allow for unex- unfortunately.amlssed opportunity for most
pected problems. One of these "little pro-' of the students. The presentation drew a
blems" was frequest encounters with bears. crowd of about 50 enthusiastic viewers a
Phil and David learned (as the bears did) that mlniscule fractlorr of the audiences In other‘
If one remains calm and does not move. the cities. in Rochester (headquaters of Kodak

bears will probably not harm you. This was' which sponsored the show). they drew a
their only choice, since the most threatening crowd of 1.600. They have had comparable
weapon they possessed was a peanut butter audiences In Buffalo and Syracuse The
knife. The bears did them no harm. although poor weather last Wednesday evening'could

'to forage for whatever fare they could find. »
' The presentation Itself was eloquently ex-’

Sound and Vishnu?

Walk On The lSid '

 

‘llviiliiiliirtrrlw

 

u ‘ r 41.

have been one of the causes of the low tur-
nout. The lack of publicity ls another. There
was a small ad in the ASP a week before.
and a few posters were up around the Cam-
pus Center. but most of them were covered
with other leaflets.

The presentation had an environmental
theme. Phil atrd David Walker are members
of about 35 environmental groups. The
presentation impressed upon the audience
the need to preserve the world's wilderness.
Comments about vanishing wilderness
TGSOUTCCS We"! made numerous times

No Thrills From Nils

 

Ils Lofgrett. V” 1? Based on a
thoroughly utr rtific sample of
ten SUNYA students. a whopping

sixty percent have never heard of him. her or
It (depending on who you talk to). Startling
as that statistic Is. It pales in comparison to
the fact that a full one-hundred percent of
those asked could not name even one song
by Mr. Lofgren. Sorry Nils. '

Keith Van Allen

Although Lofgren's new album. entitled.
Wonderland. contains a song which could
possibly britrg the statistics down a percen- 
tage point or two (a control group I5 being
assembled at this very moment). on the
whole the album is indeed disappointing. It's
not because Lofgren doesn't try hard
enough —eleven songs attest to the fact that
he lras some Ideas—It's just that he rarely
succeeds.

The album opens on a promising note
with "Across the Tracks". This sottg is the
one obviously Intentional single attempt from
the album and has been getting some airplay

 

 

Tracks" is the song which some of my
friends. i mean the subjects of the future
'urvey. might recognize Lofgren by. it's the
familiar tale of a romance forbidden by
parental prejudices. Of course love will In-
evltably conquer all. or so the singer hopes.
The song Is quite catchy. but after a few
listens l realized that Dave Edmunds has
been down this musical path before. and.
with more sincerity at that.

Slncerlty. in fact. is a feature that Is lacking
In almost all the songs on Wonderland.
Lofgren writes lyrics that sound like they
were written by a high school senior while
daydreaming during Physics class.

"Everybody wants, but who'll be the first
to give?" Lofgren writes In the aptly titled
“Everybody Wants." The song. surprise. be- '
moans society‘s selfishness and reluctance to '
help others.- Not exactly groundbreaking
lyrical material.

 

 

 

 

 

In “Room Without Love." Lofgren singS'
the almost humorously untmagtnatve line of.
"A room without you Is a room without
love." Very touching. if the music were good
he could get away with lines like that, but.
sad to say. he music is equally unappealing.
By the time this song rolls around on side
two. Lofgren’s pathetic lyrics are becoming
quite funny.

it's doubtful that Lofgren has met with
much success In the music business If
SUNYA‘s Ignorance of him in any indication.
That Is why, I suppose. Carly Simon appears .
on one song. Her presence Is probably
designed to broaden the' appeal of the

 

 

t).

album. Not exactly a new idea In the record '

Industry. and one that backilres In this In-
stance. The song. "Lonesome Ranger." is so
sappy. both lyrically and musically. that one

could almost picture C
arl
embamssmem‘ y blushing from

Carly Simon Isn't the on] ests
vocalist to "help" Lofgren on l'ilondzllfr'r'rltd
Louise Gotfin sings back up vocals on the
previously mentioned “Everybody Wants "
0n the title track. we again find Lofgreh
singing simplistic. Inane lyrics. Goffln's vacal
talen ls wasted ,on echoingleadr vocal
whic . among other things. 8

4 r’: j , .

Mitt

 

Idetrclrbes '

SEPTEMBER 27. 1933)

  

 

   

 

‘r it it '
tril'il’t't' ;
I lilifrl’.liir iii

throughout the presentation. At rrtu' prrilil.
three shots of the sun rising sttjtt'trtrtjivrsurl
over a desert landscape were strmor .rt lit
son Welles said, "The suit gnu. more
energy In one day than all the fowl quIs on
earth." The Walker brothers rume Ilrr'rr
polrrt without sounding nvurimrrrurr til
repetitious. it was well worth the litrtr‘ .rrrri .I
you ever get the chance, I urge you !~ ». v v:
The Walker brothers are now t'II twrilr‘ in
Boston. From there they will lrilit‘ ‘I.rr
lhwalk" to Washington. I) (‘ .rrrrl llir'lt
across the country — this time li\,'t .r‘

Wonderland as a place where lltt'ti' ‘ .mr r Ito
government tellin' you who to irghr ' lritr‘
seems too kind a Word in ri.~ rrltr'
"Wonderland." _ ,

The other "name" on the .tlltttur r~. rmlr
dinosaur Edgar Winter. lie. at least irrtrl rhu
good sense to recognize the urmr lrlrrtlllt'
song on the album. "Across The TM in " l lr‘
is credited as a singer on the song). .rirhrrrrrrlr
whether It Is as lead or lmrltrrp rrrtrtiol lu'
recognized. Suffice it to say his mrrtrrlmtwti
Istr't very significant.

The only song that Lofgren totuilr, will
ceeds on. from a critical Slitntlpttlttl. ix "I mil
dy Dream." it's a pity that It has to ho rrrr litrl

ed amongst the other very forgottuhlu wirttr)‘
that abound on this album. The sonar “Win
with a funky upbeat baseline Sliliptillr'tl lrr.‘

rObOIlC. yet appropriate. rirurrrrniug AttilV
Newmark's drumming Is routine lltttttlrll‘""'

' the album as a matter of fact. although he

recently toured with Roxy Music 'i'lruukful
lyr Lofgren can play a great guitar. wirrvrr [in
sets his mind to it. and therein Irrw IIII'
Siremsith of “Daddy Dream." After wwml
verses of surprisingly spacey (for this rrlltutrti
Ii/rics. Lofgrens lets loose with some my in
trlcate. and enjoyable. guitar work. Arrurlrr-r

feature working positively for three most 1*
Lofgren's vocals. Through some wt! “l
recording technique Lofgren's voice or horns

as If he were singing out of a cave. Thr' i HI”
bInatIon of the guitar and vocals make "I trnl'
dy Dream' a triumph on an album of lotion-'5

According to the generally self-survintt It"
formaion sheet Included with the album.
Lofgren QOI his first break ltr the rrrusit‘
business by playing on Neil Yountl'5 All”
the Goldrush. it's too bad Lofgren ditlu't rtsli
Young to return the favor on Wnlldt'lltiiltl
The album cries out for some of the Irrtrttillh"
tion that has been Neil Young's trademark
over the years. Instead we're asked to aim")

. six or seven bucks for an album which l"."'
lonly two tracks worth listening tvv D"”"
. Wonderland has a good chance to bfeal‘ m"

{Discord for the quickest trip to the cur...”
n.

 

. Maddy Pascucci

 

SEPTEMBER 27. 1983‘

...__...... .- . r

 

nless the Unlvac takes up music

l I and Invades. there will be no

sysnthesizers In the Ballroom Frl-

day night. The University Concert Board

(UCB) and WCDB. 91FM have invited plerr~

ty of guitars and drums. a few pianos and

organs. and even a harmonica or two to

their "Welcome Back Rock and Roll Party."

lit the forms of the bands Aztec Camera and
The Bongos.

 

Aztec Camera is a Scottish band with an
American sound ltr fact. their ttrusic. with its
rich acoustic guitar line. strong lead vocals
atrd lyrical emphasis. has often been corn-
pared to the music of Bob Dylan. Jackson
Browne and Neil Young. Their folk-like style
Is a throwback to what we now think of as
“sixties music."

The band's nItreIeen-year-old singer.
guitarist and songwriter Roddy Frame did
not always enjoy this comparison. British
critics began by calling Aztec Camera a “hip-
pie band," atrd Frame has always considered
himself punk. In time. he began to ap-
preciate the likes of Dylan and Young as
classic masters. He showed his approval of
tlrls association by buying a sixties style fringe
jacket and wearing It Itr his first live TV ap-,
pearance.

Aztec Cattrera's debut LP High Land.
Hard Rain Is a stand-out. it was awarded
three and a half stars by the ever-critical Roll-
Ing Stone magazine. Off this album the single
“Obllvlous” has gotten a lot of exposure.
botlr on radio stations atrd In the MTV rota-
tlorr. Disc Jockeys atrd ttrusic critics alike have
been praising “Walk Out to Winter." another
song on the album.

Elvis Costello's admiration for the band.
and their subsequent tour with him. have
called attention to them here in America.
Also. their new album has been doing very
well on the progressive radio charts.

One of the things that makes Aztec
Camera so exceptional Is Roddy Frame. He
writes the band's songs. sings the lead vocals
and plays acoustic guitar. but Frarrre was
originally a poet. He left school at the age of
sixteen because he felt the emphasis was on
grades. while he was concerned with ex-
Istentlallsm and the meaning of life. Not
quite your average high school drop-out.

 

Frame began the first version of Aztec

 

Camera In his hometown of East Kilbrlde.
just outside of Glasgow. Scotland. as a vehi-
cle for his songwriting. The group was signed
by a small Glasgowbascd record company.
but soon moved on to bigger things The
batrd felt a move to London was necessary
when they were picked up by Britain's ins
fluerrtial Rough Trades Records. Tire three
songs that found success In Britain on this
label. “Oblivirrus.” “Pillar to Post" and "Walk
Out to errter" have been Included on their
LP frpm Sire Records.

Aztec Camera has been through many
petsotrnel changes since their first days In
East Kilbrlde. The line-up that will appear In
the Ballroom on Friday consists of Campbell
Owens on bass. Bernie Clark on organs and
pianos and Dave Ruffy on percussion.

Although Frame Is notable for his soul-
searching philosophies. the music he creates
Is In no way depressing. The lyics tend
toward the romantic. and the music Is the
sort that sticks In your mlrrd‘all day. even If It
Isn't the last song you hear before your leave
for classes. Sharing the bill with Aztec
Camera In Friday night's show will be The
Bongos. The Bongos are from Hoboken.
Yes. Hoboken. New Jersey. which. actually.
is not as hopeless as It first sounds. Other
batrds who have made a name for
themselves on the New York City club cIr-
cult. such as the Individuals. the DB's. and
the Raybeats. all have members who call

Stay? View

Rock ’n Roll in the Ballrom

 

 

;.

' It was Glenn Morrow. wlro Is now the lead
vocalist atrd guitarist of the individuals. who
Introduced the band to Hoboken. Frank
Giannini. The Bongos' drummer. Richard
IBarrone. the guitar player. and bassist Rob
'Norrls were living In various places In New
York and New Jersey when they formed a
band (called "a") wltlr Morrow.

When Morrow left the batrd. the remains
Ing trio stayed In Hoboken atrd formed The
Bongos. James Mastro. the acoustic guitar
player. joined the band later.

Hoboken was good to The Bongos. Rob
Pearse of Fetish Records. England heard
them play In Maxwell's. a club there. and
1asked them to send him arraudition tape. He
‘was so Impressed with the tape they sent that
he made it Into their first single. "Telephoto
Lens." b w "Glow In the Dark."

In the next few years The Bongos were
very popular on the New York club circuit.
playing CBGB'S. and Max's Kansas City.
among others. in January of 1980. fans will
remember. they appeared on The Uncle
Floyd Show.

Tlrelr next record was a twelve-Inch EP
which Included a remake of T-Rex's "Mam-
bo Sun." This pop album remarkably was
found on Billboard's disco charts. I

The Bongos are almost as well-known for
their boyish goood looks and preppy clothes
(lust like the Everly Brothers) as for their
beat-dominated. dancable style of music.
Richard Barone, who writes nrost of the
group's songs Is sparse with his lyrics and has

 

 

Hoboken home.

ASPECTS ON wasp/rm 1

     

a tendency toward biblical Imagery: "The
Bulrushes." "Three Wise Men." “Burning
Bush" and “My Sin."

The band toured England. Europe and
the Midwest In 1981. Following the tour tlrey
signed with RCA Records and came out with
Drums Along the Hudson. This eclectic
album was key itr gaining Tire Bongos an au-
dience outside the club scene. '

At the beginning of last year Barrone and
Mastro tenured up to do Nuts and Bolts. Tlrls
LP was unusual because Its sides were label-
ed "Rlchard's Side" and “James' Side."
which helped to call attention to the singing
and songwriting talents of James Mastro.

Last March The Botrgos found themselves
—— not Itr Hoboken ~ but In Albany. NY.
They appeared at The Chateau In a very
successful concert co-sporrsored by WCDB
‘)1l-'M. The band always plays well off of
crowds. and the Albany audience was very
receptive.

The Bongos‘ latest effort Is a mini-LP.
Numbers With Wings. The title track and the
cut "Barbarella" have been receiving a lot of
airtime. atrd should sound familiar even If
you're not a Bongomanlac.

Both The Bongos and Aztec Camera will
be appearing Friday. September 30 at 8pm.
in the Campus Center Ballroom. If you Insist
on staying away from the concert Friday
night you might run the risk of lrearlng an
awful noise: a Univac trylrrg to learn to play
the acoustic guitar.

Graham Parker Rocks On

of mind to review a concert when i

went to see Graham Parker last
Wednesday night at Hudson Valley College.
What with the torrential rain. getting lost In
the middle of downtown Troy. fighting a
nagging hangover and being constantly ask-
ed to sit down while the sound on the stage
reverberated around the acoustically-unfit
gymnasium. I wonder If I could possibly
enjoy this show. It only took me a few songs
.to be convinced that I didn't have much to
worry about.

I must admit i wasn't In the best frame

Chris Berlingieri

     

 trgly enough. Graham Parker has
never really ‘made it.‘ While putting out
album after album of soulful. energetic and
accessible material. he garnished rrruclr
critical acclaim bttt little public attention. His
early albums reveal R 81 B. reggae and soul
influences which Parker combined with his
strong songwriting and tight musicianship
provided by his band. the Rumour. When
they emerged around 1976. Graham Parker
atrd the Rttttrour were doing R 8: B In the
pub rock tradition, yet their style was fresh
and hinted at the clratrges that were to occur
In England In the next few years. The albums
“Howling Wind. Heat 'f‘reatrrrent. Stick to Me
and the live Parkeriflo were full of strong. cat~
chy songs that never went anywhere. Parker
felt that much of the problem was the lack of
support he got from Mercury Records and
left them with a pointed farewell. with the cut
"Mercury Poisoning."
Tire label change scented to be to his ad-

1:

rave brought him more of the attention he
deserves. in 1979. he released Squeezing
out Sparks which was strong. consistent and
laden with books. it's unlikely Parker will do
better than this. though his following releases
have been full of high-quality material.

 

Parker was plagued with the same ‘angry
'young nran' label as Elvis Costello. yet like
Costello he has managed to shake off that
first Impression by toning It down while
managing to keep the songwriting Just as
powerful. Parker released one more album
with the Rumour. Tire Up Escalator. then
changed llneups’for Another Grey Area and

 

vantage because his subsequent albums

his latest release. The Real Macaw.

   

 

He started the show. as he starts his new
album. with “Just Like a Man." tlren tore
right into the appropriate “Thunder and
Rain." He went even farther back Itrto his
r'epetolre for “Fool's Gold" before concen-
:ratIng on more recent material.

it seems that Parker realizes that Sparks Is
rIs best album. since a majority of the songs
he played were from either Sparks or his
newest release. The Real Macaw.

Unfortunately. the heavy concentration
on only two out of his seven albums narrow-
ed the scope of his performance.

Parker evenly paced the set by balancing
slower. acoustic numbers With upbeat. reck-

Parker's Increased subtlety by keeping the
pace down while keeping the emotion up.
Two examples were "You Can't be Too
Strong." which featured just Parker's guitar
with soft bass and organ. and “Passive
Resistance." a bitter Indictment of program-
med radio. There was plenty of rock-and-roll
when Parker and lrls band tore through
"Soul on ice." “Saturday Night Is Dead" and
'The New York Shuffle." to name but a few.
Much of Parker's material i can only describe
as songs. songs filled with abundant hooks
and lively melodies. as In “Local Girls."
“You Can't Take Love for Granted" and
“Life Gets Better."

All of the songs were delivered by a top-
notch band. Brinsley Schwarz. formerly with
the Rumour. Is back atrd he's the perfect
player for Parker‘s songs. His clear. fluid lead
litres run from biting and powerful to smooth
and penetrating. Huw Gower. originally with
Tire Records and recently with David
Jolrarrsetr. provided rhythm gttltar along
with Parker. Bass atrd druttrs were tight and
yet unobtrusive. The band played well above

' average but didn't have the exploding power

that the Rumour did when i saw them a few
years ago. The real force has always been
Parker himself. though. Throwing all of his
frail frame Into each song. he delivered the
lyrics with powerful. distinctive vocals.
While In the studio he probably won't ever
top Squeezing Ottt Sparks. Graham Parker
Is still extremely exciting live. His subsequent
' vinyl outputs have lrrcluded many good
songs. though they've been a bit uneven.

 

lng ones. The acoustic'songs showud ofl

 

tinue to put on great live shows.

Nevertheless. Graham Parker will always be}
.a fine singer and songwriter and will con- -
‘ CI

 

