  
  
  

W : '4‘rﬁoiﬂ. ‘

    

J .

.—\. .c, rag

 

 

 

4a mud & won 
Life Has No Meaning

A
S
p
E
C
T
S
A
P
R
1

5

Ewe-A
5

anty Python Is back together
again. The team that brought us
Monty Python's Flying Circus.

Monty Python and The Holy Grail and Life
0] Brian are at their offensive best In their
new movie The Meaning of Life. No
religion or tnoral value Is left unscathed by
this. their newest journey into madness.
Perhaps the best overall description of this
fllrn ls offered by one of its stars and writers
Michael l’altn wlto said. “it ranges front
philosophy to social history to medicine to
halibut." Although director. writer and star
(they do it all don't they) Terry Jones feels
he was making the first filtn aimed at a “fish
audience".

Megan Gray Taylor
The film starts with a "Short Feature"
misleading the audience Into believing this
Is another movie before the real tltittg
which of course It's not. But first sortie
background. The crazy crew known as
Monty Python consists of five Brits (alll
incredibly overeducaterl) and one
American (who went to school in Utah).
The American, Terry Gilliam Is responsible
for the wonderful special effects (such as
leaves that cry as they fall frotn a tree.
spitting heads with people itt thetn'. storks
that drop real babies down chimneys « just
to name a few).
But to the film itself. Palln feels that the
meaning of life Itself is a very. strong
philosophical concept. Why are we here?
What are we doing? Why are you wearing
that ostrich Costume? 50 we are given a
series of sketches addressing this kind of
issue.
Catholics are taken to task as we see a
lather. a mother and approximately Ilill
children In the depths of poverty. The
lather who has just lost his job must sell his
children for scientific experiments. When
asked why he had so many of them. the
lather replies In song that "Every sperm is
sacred." the Protestant rebuttle. delivered
by Graham Chapman. being that to be
Protestant means being able to go to the
local drugstore and buy a condom. This
frolicsome scene leads to a tnajor musical
number with Bishops and Nannies dancing
on baby carriages and other such ir-
reverence.
The film then takes us into a modern
hospital to an actual birth. Technology Is
clearly the star and when the mother in-
nocently asks it It is a boy or girl she Is told
that it's to early to start imposing sex roles.
isn't it? Following In the developmental
phases of life. we are treated to a sex
education lesson in classic British public
school fashion. This includes a live

 

death When no one believes they're dead.
they are told it was the canned salmon thaI
did it which of course convinces them.
The movie falls to unacceptable lows in a
scene where a grotesquely overweight man
comes into a restaurant. asks for bucket
and precedes to vomit on everybody and
everything. He then consumes all foods
listed on the menu and with the addition of
an afterdlnner mint llteraiy explodes. This
scene is not for the squemish of stomach.
and frankly had very little redeeming
humor. Be sure you're not eating your
popcorn during this one.

There are also various Zulu and World
War | scenes that poke fun at the upper
:lass British officer and his attention to eti-
quette above all. And Just in case you've
lost the search for The Meaning of Life, we
are given a sort of Middle of The Film up-
date by a female talk show host who is of
Course played by Palln.

So having addressed they're
overeducated minds to the vexing problem

 

The Pythons: Jones. Cleese, Gilliam, Chapman. Idle, Palin meet on the battlefield.

of the Meaning of Life what conclusions
have the Pythons come to? Let them tell

you:
Terry Gilliam: Never be late for supper.
clean your plate and don't wet your bed. If
you get past that everything else is easy.
Michael Pailn: Basically make real tea
rather than tea-bag tea. to eschew instant
coffee whenever one can get the real thing
and not to live in Surrey. which Is not the
easiest thing in the world to achieve. But
other people feel more strongly about it
than I do.

Graham Chapman: We don't know. We
tried everywhere. We asked everyone. i
think we asked the wrong question.

Eric Idle: it's a trade secret. if i tell you.
you'll tell someone else. What do you want
to know? What Is the plot of Hamlet?

. Reporter: The plot of Hamlet is the angst of

a young man who is wronged by his
mother.

Eric idle: “The Meaning of Life" Is the angst
of a young man who Is wronged by his

 

demonstration by the professor and his
wife which Is interrupted only by occasional
scoldings of boys not paying attention.
intermittently throughout the film we are
treated to the lively conversation of fish In a
tank (they do have human heads however.
strangely resembling the faces of the
Python pack). They provide amazingly in-
teresting commentary on the movie Itself.
sort of a progress report as we watch along.

The complexities of life are tackeled In
such scenes as a young touring couple
who. upon entering a restaurant
(decorated to recreate an actual medieval
dungeon complete with torture victims).
are offered a choice of conversations by the
waiter. They choose philosophy, leading to
a very funny scene about Schoupenhauer
and Nietzche (did i say funny? well as fun-
ny as that sort of thing can be).

The question of transplants is also a ma-
jor focus of the film. Medics are dispatched
when a liver Is needed and a live donor
must be convinced to give his up. Here my
stomach rather revolted at the excessive
blood splatterlng as the live donor was
relieved of his organs. Eric idle, In one of
the funniest scenes In the movie. takes the
donors wife on a tour of the universe show-
ing her how small she is In comparison (he
sings the “Galaxy Song" which he wrote
with a kind of Fred Astaire finess) convinc-
lng the woman that she too should give up
her organs.

Eric ls again at the keyboard in a
wonderful sort of "Play It Again Sam"
scene in which he performs his recently
composed "Penis Song". The Meaning of
Life is further investigated in a parady of‘
Bergman's film The Seventh Seal where a.
small farmers cottage (lnhabited by some]

 

ot A Loue Story is a weak title for

one of the strongest films about

pornography ever made. This
documentary traces one woman's involve-
ment in the business as a stripper and her
personal realization of the point were this
kind of exploitation Is no longer acceptable
or justifiable. The woman is Tracey. a
Canadian stripper who has a wonderful act
were she comes out as Little Red Riding
Hood and strips while joking with her au-
dience. Hardly hard-core right? Or is It any
different? in searching for the essence. if
you will. of the pornographic Industry.
Tracey and the director (also a woman)
find that although there Is a point for each
of us where pornography becomes unac-
ceptable. the truth Is that It Is unacceptable
at any level.

Megan Gray Taylor

These women go to the film and live
show places on 42nd Street and the strip in
San Francisco. They go to the studios
where Playboy. Penthouse and others are
shot to try and get at the heart of the per
nography boom (and yes we are in a
boom). What we getis an emotional. com-
plex and developmental realization

' through the eyes of Tracey that as long as
l women participate on any level. the market

 

 

rather sophisticated .types) Is visitedby,‘

 

'. will continue to grow

 

A Love/Hate Story

interspersed with the actual look Inside
hard-core pornography. are Interviews
with various men and women. ranging
from a male porno star who left the
business because his on-screen perfor-
mance was leading to false expectations
and excessive demands by the real women
In his life. to outspoken feminists like Kate
Millet and Margaret Atwood. Atwood's
poem about pornography Is enough to
make anyone reevaluate their attitude
towards this difficult subject.

Much of the controversey over this film
(locally at least) occured after Dan
Dlntcola. In his review on WRGB. called
this a mixture of feminist propaganda and a
peep-show. I found this an incomprehensi-
ble dichotomy and went to see the film as
soon as possible. Perhaps the best feature
of the film Is what Dlnlcola saw as a peep—

show. This film provides a hard-core look .

into the live sex shows and violent films
that have traditionally been male domain. i
think this is an important film for women.
‘ especially. to see. because of this rare view
behind the scenes. As one of the
spokespeople says. "Women can not re-
main silent or oblivious. sale in their
homes, or the violence will continue."
There is a fascinating interview with a
woman who does a live sex show with her
husband twelve times a day. She seemed

_ to feel that this was a lot less exploitive than

i

 

mother.
John Cleese: The meaning of life is
something that l have. if fact. dlsrovunnl
But frankly. if you want to know. it will ttMl

you.
Terry Jones: [I is revealed at the end of the
film. so i mean obviously I can't say lint II
is revealed at the end of the film

I know I saw this movie. but I llllill'. I
missed the message. if you get it. let nu-

know.

All In all this is a fine effort by the Python
people. if you're a fan of all their (Silt/Illi'ss.
this Is a must see. However. if you lrimi
The Holy Grail but were offended by til.-
of Brian don't go see this film. There’s a lot
of “tits and arse" but as Palin points out III
the final reel. "That's all you people want
anyway." My final suggestion-see it \Vlilt all
open mind and an empty stomach.

Special thanks to Mark Wepnn for his
help with this review.

 

 

working for some man she hated ‘) to F)
Tracey. after viewing several of the three
minute films (some of which are incredibly
violent) stands on 42nd Street and
challenges men to go inside. When they tell
her she doesn’t know what she's talking
about. she screams back. “l'm part of this.

 

l'm one of them." For Tracey the final turn:-
Ing point was posing for a centerfold type‘
shot. The leading photographer of this
genre in Canada is a woman. Tracey, sit-
tlng on the beach with the director shares
her feelings of humiliation and disgust the
day after the shooting. Her words are pure

poetry.

' i have just skimmed the surface of this
film with this description. but I hope It is>
enough to get you to make the effort to see.
Not A Love Story. The film has won|
recognition from The National Film Board
of Canada, and with any luck It will rise
from the obscurity it has been driven to In
this country. it Is an Important film for men
and women to see and share. Kate Millet
observes in the film that In the 70's and 80's
we went In search of eros and got por-
'nography. This film could be the first step
fallbett a tiny step) back towards the tl
when we see each other as real people. not
retouched centerfold photos. This Is a sen-
sitive. upsetting. demanding film tha
should not be missed by anyone. ll

:1
‘C

 

 

veryone's two best buddies In the

world are Felix Unger. commer-

cial photographer portraits a
specialty. and Oscar Madison. famed
sportswriter for the New York Herald. No
matter what. they're there at 4:30 and
'11100 p.m. everyday to talk to. The excep-
tion ts. of course. on weekends when they
take a respite to vacation in Hockoitoina.
race dogs In Miami (“Can i have a drink of
‘wawa' Uncle Felte?"). appear In court for a
trial (“l have killers patiently waiting their
turn." "That is a fraudulent fondue fork."
and "So what? Sew buttons" are among
the gems that have been uttered by our
heroes there). attend fat farms.
monasteries. (“Are there any magazines to
read In the brother john?). parrot funerals.
and the like. it doesn't matter If you’re
down In the dumps. down to your last
dollar and all of your friends have scoffed
you; you can just sit down, turn on the TV.
and they'll be there to cheer you up with
that crazy Unger sense of humor and that
endearing Madisonian lifestyle. We know
them, revere them. and strive to be like
them (Yes. we do).

i it" ' 4.

' tChris (loftsidine
- I 8 t 
aobRaiqt '

But the mad debate rages on. whom do
we love more. Osc or Fel? This Is like trying
to choose between Entenmann's chocolate
fudge cake and Sara Lee's chocolate layer
cake. it's like trying to decide who do you
like better. Cleon Jones or Tomtnte Agee?
It's like trying to choose between Benny
Hill and [Entertainment Tonight at 7:30. It's
like trying to decide between a party at
Cloud's or a soiree at Okie's. It's like trying
to choose between a night of Yahtzee or an
evening of Password with your chums. it's
like trying to decide between LC 7 and LC
18 when you know darn well that the
endless amusement of the movie Airplanel.
starring Maureen McGovern and Otto as
himself. looms behind door number one.
and the stirring drama of Rocky llI. starring
Burt Young as Paulie. awaits behind door
number two.

But let's get back to Felix and Oscar.

 

 

 

 

 

V'WhOm Dowe Love More, e

Even though their vltues are well-known.
we'd love to expound them.

Oscar. that fun-loving. free-spirited soul.
'Is to be admired much for his unique
outlook on l|fe.How can you not love a
man who sleeps with his food ("Only
coyotes sleep with their food"). spends 61
percent of his salary on gambling. bets
Fellx‘s eternal resting place on a sweaty
animal. tries to pick up a princess. suc-
ceeds. buys her salty pretzels. and then
pecks her (“You peeked a princess"). How
can you not look up to a guy who dupes
his best friend into writing articles on
Broadway plays for him while he receives
all the glory (“The play had verve and
panache"). takes his wife on his honey-
moon to a Ranger game where she gets hit
with a puck. never told his mother that he
got a divorce for fear of her eating too
tnuch chocolate. enjoys lasagna and
French fries more titan any other tneal.
who couldn't type his name in. if) seconds
while under pressure ("If you'd have been
Chinese. you would have won"). forgets to
call when he is late for dinner. got turned
down for a date by Craty Rhoda Zimmerv
man. puts ketchup on everything. drinks
sixvpacks of beer without ever having
sepeiated thetn front the great plastic thing

(.

056 and Fel. heroes 0! our time.

feel like a S-O-N to him. OSCAR
MADISON. he's big daddy to us all." Other
examples of Oscar's benevolence include
proposing to Gloria for Felix. saving Felix
from a savage beating at the hands of an
angry mob (Mrs. Osgood and other enrag-
ed neighbors). apologizing to Howard “Kid
"lausea" Cosell. “the month that roared."
0 that he'd work on an ad Felix was doing.
agreeing to be a big brother for a wayward

 

 
  

 

‘0 Is for the oldest friend I know.

C stands for courage and A is

S is for the way he saved my life.
the alertness that he showed. R

means risk and he took a big one. M-A-D Is what he gets at me.

But I doo-doo-doo feel like

an S-O-N to him. OSCAR

MADISON. he's a big daddy to us all. ’

 

that holds them together. and bets and
loses his own best friend to that notorious
hustler and male chauvlnlst Bobby Riggs.
Furthermore. Oscar “and incidentally a
heck of a guy." has been known to bail his
housemate out of many a close jam. For
instance. one seetntngly innocuous even-
ing. he saved Felix's llle three times. once
from the gas. twice frottt the window. “0 is
for the oldest friend I know. 5 is for the way
he saved my life. C stands for courage and
A is the alertness that he showed. R means
risk and he took a big one. M-A-D Is what

_ he gets at me. But i — doo doo doo doo ——

Combat Rock

arold Washington and the people
H of Chicago now have the task of

continuing the life blood of their
community. Yet It would seem to me (an
outsider) that the whole of the body poltlc
has in some not so srnail way been given a
.(Ick In the pants. There has been a long
standing theory to the effect that the failure
of the black electorate to both register and
then vote was their (black people's) major
obstacle to obtaining power.

Hubert—Kenneth Dickey

 

There is however little In the wake of this
recent campaign to give solice to the soul of
any. For this was not a campaign for the of—
fice of mayor. More likely it served as a
reminder that blacks and whites have two
seemingly different worldviews. Perhaps it
is time that the pundits of the closest
ltberiallsm face up to this fact of comtem-
porary American social life. There are
serious limitations to the theories that
sparked the social programs of The Great
Society. in between the cracks that
separate the past and The New Federalism
of Mr. Reagan.mi|lions of people have
been forgotten. The bottom line of supply-
side economics Is that the rich remain rich
and the poor are no more. The supposed
membership in the Great Society either will
not or can not be extended to the black
community.

The recent campaign for mayor of
Chicago has has Its effect on the national
political scence. Cook County has long
been famous for Its ability to get even the
deceased to come to the polls. Now that
certain white wards leaders have
demonstrated that they are willing to sup-
port the Republican Party. will this trend

lad. Randy Gralnger. after Felix
volunteered him ("the Knicks and the
Bucks and the Hawks; No. just the Knicks
and the Bucks"). being man enough to ad-
tnlt that he cheated in the decathalon (“l
alleyed. but i didn't oop"). agreeing to play
Scrooge In the theatrical version of "A
Christmas Carol;" agreeing. although it
goes against every principle that he
believes In. to stand In for ballet star Ed~
ward Valella. standing up for Felix when
his back locks before his bout with hockey
player and renowned rufftan Splint Mc<
Cullouqh. working nights at a sleazy diner

continue come the I984 Presidential elec-
tions. But of ever more Import to the body
poltic Is the potential effect of the so-called
black vote; will the black community leave
the sidelines in mass numbers to vote for
white canidates in ‘84.

it matters little one's personal interest in
all this. History is being made as it Is made
each and every day. People coming
together on points of agreement about
things previously not agreed upon.The
people of Chicago now have a new mayor.
a black man. Having lived In American
culture l have no Illusions as to the ability of
blacks and whites to get along. The clean
end of the stick can never compare with the
shit end of the stick. The process that we
can be envision today came at the expense
of blood and tears. We should therfore.
remember that race Is the important issue.
for if It (race) where not no one would care
when It(race) Is brought up.

The color of one's skin forces us to come
to understandings that sci-called normalcy
would allow us to avotde. Whether one
likes it or not the world seem more than
willing to live out this course.

Racist literature was served to the voters
of Chicago like It was the solution of all the
problems of the people. Believe in the
superiority of the black or white race. Ex-
clude so you can move forward. Social
progress by the methodology of social
removal. The rules of the game are a
changing and the forces of the power past
are quickly rnaktng their deals with the
forces of power future to overthrow the
forces of power present, There are new ac-
tors In a play that may also be evolving into
forms prevolusly unheard of.

The voters of Chicago are to be com-

 

, mended. in that they at least went to the

 

        
 
  

'under the pseudonym of "Cookie" after
squanderth Felix's money that was to go
to Yankee season tickets for a client. to
name quite a few.

From the above lore. It is quite clear that
Oscar Trevor Madison will go down In the
annals of life as one of the greatest. If not
the greatest. Individuals in the history of
mankind. rivaled possibly only by his L‘Utn-
rade and costar Felix “the pest" Unger.
But whom do we love more. Mr. Ultger or
Mr. Madison? Hmtn. that's a tough one.

This week we have only given you the
first half (Oscar's attributes) of this burning
Issue In order to give you more time to
delve into and spend every waking hour
analyzing each and every asset of Oscar's
persona. Next week we will present you
with the other side of this hotly contested
topic. i.e. Felix up close anti personal.

. FUTURE VISION:

This week's Richard M. Weissberg
Memorial TV Watching Award can go to
none other than the mart himself. Rlcltle'
"Yayl" Weissberg. Richie gave us one of
our most pleasant surprises in recent
memory by showing up at Chris' front
doorstep. all the way from scenic Oneonta.
without any forewarning whatsoever.
While Richie's TV viewing this weekend

 

was not really all that spectacular. his mere
presence and past track record make him
more than deserving of this cherished
award. All we can say is. Richie. ooh you
make TV watching fun. I.)

 

 

 

polls to let their voices heard. This was one
zlection that may be the shot In the arm
that American politics needed. Unless or
Jnttl the full populace has been Informed
and involved in the decision-making pro-
cess. the long overdue reform of the social
matrix will be once again postponed. There
are no great lessons to learn because poltics
is not a matter of Intellectual choice. rather
the game centers on the ability of campaign
A or campaign B to effect the emotions and
fears that will cause the voter to make a
connection between their state in life and
the party that defends that set of Interests.
Since the majority of the media coverage
has dealt with the Issues that divide white
and black, perhaps Chicago can also serve
the nation as a role model for the rest of us.
No matter the outcome of this new ad-
minstration It will once again have to face
the voters(albelt the future). Time Is a poor
ally in the game of domestic politics. Peo-
ple soon forget all the hope that they had
when the promises prove too long in arriv-
ing. Never again can we say fiat we didn't
know. Both the black and white voters of
Chicago will have to make Choices and the
choices that they make or fall to make will
most likely tell us as a nation confederated
under God just how much progress has
been oracle.
The real reason for concern here is the
realness of the election that is to take place
in five weeks. in Philly. Once again the
Issues of the campaign have been put aside
to allow the question of race to come to the
lore. Perhaps the only problem with race Is
that people always bring it up at the
strangest times. The media has set Itself up
for another fun cutting. The voters of
Chicago may have also given the voters of
Philly all the more reason to watch the
Cl

um~o- mu are) mqomwm>

 

evening news.

 

ccmff 

 

 

 

