 
  
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

mm 2>K maomwo>

Comm--

It takes a revolution to make a solu-

tion. 5

Too much confusion. so much frustra-

tion.

1 don’t want to live in the park.

Can't trust no shadows alter dark.
Bob Marley

arx found social life to be
M goverried by the conditions of

economic production and by-
tlre class conflict that resulted from
these conditions at a definite point of
history. it is only seldom that brute
force is resorted to in the domination
of the oppressed classes by the owners
of the social means of production; its
main weapon is its ideological power
over the oppressed. for it is this
ideology that is the mainstay of the
state apparatus;

HubertaKenneth Dickey

The Important discoveTy lit—ll—iis con~
nectlon was tirat. far from being of
divine origin. man's nroral code was
derived from the educational
measures used by the parents and
parental surrogates in earliest
childhood. At bottom. these educa-
tional measures are opposed to
childhood sexuality The conflict ilrat
takes place betweeir the child's desires
and the parent's suppression of these
desires lirter becomes the conflict bel-
Lveen ilrstinct and morality Within the
person in adults the moral code.

 

r against the comprehension of the laws

which Itself is unconscious. operates

l of sexuality.

l Parents are to be seen for better or
worse as agents of socialization. With
tirat point firirily iii mind it becomes
easier to understand the need to
develop insights into the overall role of
parents Are parents acting in the best
interests of the state. themselves or
'that of the child'.J The answer that most
would like to believe is somehow not
fully adequate in explaining the power
that they (parents) hold over the lives
of their children.

We are made to believe that we
must choose between compulsive sex-
ual morality on the one hand and sex-
ual chaos on the other hand. We in
turn react to the imposed severe com-4
pulsive morality with promiscuous im-
pulses; while we defend ourselves
against both. Morality is a burden. and
instinct appears as a tremendous
danger. We are reared under and
bound by parental authority and thus
we have no knowledge of the natural
laws of sexuality. We are afraid of our
sexuality because we have never
learned to live it naturally. Thus. we
decline all responsibility for our acts
and decisions, and we demand paren-
tal direction and guidance.

Sexual suppression dictates that
women be nothing but child-bearing
machines and it brooks no rebellion
against this function. in short. this
means that sexual gratification must
not interfere with her function of
reproduction. it is a question of the
social conditions under which women
are to bear the children: under
favorable. socially guaranteed condi-
tions. or conditions that do not pro-
vide adequate protection for the
mother and child.

Since society reproduces itself in the
individual structures of the masses
with the help of the family. it follows
that political reaction has to regard and
defend the family as the basis of the
state. culture and civilization.

 

—~—~ i

       
 

From the point of view of social
deyelopment. the family cannot be
regarded as the basis of the state. but
only as one of the most important in-
stitutions that supports it. We.
however, have to look upon it as
political reaction's germ cell. the most
important center for the production of
reactionary men and women.

More than the economic dependen-
cy'of the wife and children on the hus-
i band and father is needed to preserve
the institution of the family. This
dependency is enduarable only on the
condition that the consciousness of be-
lng a sexual being is suspended as
completely as possible in women and
in children.

We begin to see now that the
economic and ideological situations of
the masses need not necessarily coin-
cide. and that. indeed. there can be a

 

iconsiderable cleavage between the
l

two. The economic situation is not
directly and inrmediateiy converted in-
to political consciousness.

The Right contends that we are not
predisposed to fight: The Left. on the
other hand. refutes this and asserts
that we are revolutionary and that the
Right's statement is a betrayal of
revolutionary thinking. A more
realistic appraisal would have to poiirt
out that the average person bears a
contradiction within himself; that he.
in other words. is neither a clear-cut
revolutionary nor a clear—cut conser-
vative. but stands divided.

it is of decisive importance to
recognize such a contradiction and to
learn precisely how that which is reac-
tionary and that which is progressive-
revolutionary in each of us is set off
against one another.

Marx tells us that in each epoch the
ideas of the ruling class are the ruling
ideas. i.e.. the class which is the ruling
material power of the society also con-
stitutes that society's ideological
power. The class which has the means
of material production at its disposal
also has the means of ideological pro»
duction at its disposal. so that those
who lack the means of ideological pro-
duction are thereby on the average
subject to those who have. The ruling
ideas are nothing more than the
idealistic expression of the ruling
material conditions. that is to say. the
ruling material conditions expressed as
ideas; the conditions which enabled

 

 

 

0 Parental Guidance: Optional?

the one class to become the ruling
class or. to put it another way. the
ideas of their rulershtp.

To comprehend the relation bet-
ween sexual suppression and human
exploitation. it is necessary to get an
insight into the basic social institution
in which the economic and sex-
economic situation of patriarchal
society are interwoven. Without the
inclusion of the family. it is not possible
to understand the sexual economy
and the ideological process of a
patriarchal society.

The interlacing of the socio-
economic structure with the sexual
structure of society and the structural
reproduction of society takes place in
the first four or five years. The church
only continues this function later. Thus
the state gains an enormous interest in
the family: for it becomes the factory in
which the state's structure and
ideology are molded.

The suppression of one's primitive
material needs compasses a different

 
   

result than the suppression of one's
sexual needs. The former incites to
rebellion. whereas. the lat-
ter—inasmuch as it causes sexual
needs to be repressed. withdraws
them from consciousness and anchors
itself as a moral defense-prevents
rebellion against both forms of sup-
pression.

The result is conservatism. fear of
freedom. in a word. reactionary think-
ing.

To put all this in its proper context

we need only review the history of our
society. Our nation was born in
genocide when it embraced the doc-
trine that the original American. the
nindian. was an inferior race. Even
before there were large numbers of
blacks on our shores. the scar of racial
hatred had already disfigured colonial
society. indeed. even today we have
not permitted ourselves to reject or to
feel remorse for this shameful episode.
Our literature. our films. our drama.
our folklore all exalt it. Our children
are still taught to respect the violence
which reduced at red~skinned people
of an earlier culture into a few
fragmented groups herded into im-
poverished reservations.

A real morality happens to a person
who has gone deep within himself-and
the deeper you move. the more loving
you become. it is not something forc-

 

-punished.” -

- society. Previously. he was inco'nve-

 

ed against hatred; it is not something
antagonistic to hatred. The deeper
you move. the more love flows out of
you. it has nothing to do with hatred at
all; It is not concerned with hatred at
all. The moment you reach to your
center. you are loving without any
moral. impositionf you may not even
be aware that you are loving. How can
you be aware? This love will just be so
natural. that it will be just like
breathing.

Morality will happen. but that will be
a consequence-not a prerequisite: be
clear about this distinction. Forget the
outer-the outer world. the society and
whatsoever the society has taught
you. All that society teaches is bound
to be dualistic. it is bound to be sup-
pressive; it is bound to be in conflict
within you. And if the conflict is there.
you cannot move within.

50 forget the conflicts and forget all
that creates conflict. Simply mov’
within. The deeper you go. the morl;
moral you will become. but that
morality will not be the rrrorallty of
society. You will be moral without “be-
ing moral"- without being conscious
that you are moral. because there is
nothing opposed to it within you. You
are simply loving because you feel
blissful when you are loving. it is a bliss
in itself. There is no end to it; no result
isrreeded. it is not that you will get into
the Kingdom of God if you love. it is
not a bargain. The morality that socie-
ty preaches and so-called religions

preach is a bargain: "Do this and you =

will get that. if you don't do this you
will not get that. You will even be

You can create a fear about hell and
you can create a profit motive for?
heaven. Both of these things are possi‘
ble only while you are asleep. if 'you
are not asleep. you cannot hr
threatened and you cannot hr
motivated because of profit. . .

So create the fear of purrishrrrerrt."
and a person will move because of
fear. Create a profit motive. and then
he can move from immorality to
morality: but he will move because of
lust. greed. profit. profit motivation.
Greed and fear are part of the sleeping
mind. He who is good. is good for the
society. For the society. the immoral is
a problem. but the moral person is not
a problem. So society has solved its
problems. but the man remains
asleep. For himself. nothing is solved.
He is now more convenient for the

nient. Try to observe the fact: an im-
moral person is inconvanient to the
society. but convenient for himself. A
moral person becomes convenient to
the society. but he becomes inconve-jrl
nient to himself. ‘

What has happened is that we have
lost our heroes. Worse. our heroes
have been revealed as villains and our
greatest heroes as the arch-villains.
Whose heroism consisted in erecting
the inglorious edifice of colonialism
and imperialism; ‘heroes whose
careers rested on a system of national
and international exploitation.

Our elders do not like to give us
credit for being able and/or willing to
understand what is going on around
us. Our elders speak of alienation
among our youth. the desire of young
people to be independent and respon-
sible for themselves. as if they were
mere problems of inadequate parental
role models.

in the final analysis. parental

(continued on page 12A)

 

 

  

 

 

 

 Women of her profession she believes in as little

. . M ,.-~u—-v—ww-n-» -~ ~-— w..t.._....... .- w-“ v—-—11-»I ..

 

. hildbirth: A Personal, Confrontation,

| Fictional and Factual Look at The Mystery
f Childbirth - Then and Now. '

‘ t was the time of mystery and magic she had always anticipated. She
l was in her 8th monilr of pregnancy. the child shifted easily. exploring its
environment. reaffirming the connection she already knew was unique.

he had had anniiocentisis to be sure there were no obvious gerretioabnor»
raliiies e_a_r_ly>i_n_the third month so she already knew her child was a boy a son.

 

Megan Gray Taylor

V-N‘ow‘asufhe'final weeks drew near slrewfourrdhlrerself reflecting on all the

lroices she had rrrade over the past few irrorrtlrs. choices that at times seemed so

irrrple but had such serious effects. Of course she has stopped drinking coffee
ind alcohol. she never had smoked. she rrrade time every day to meditate to
egulate her’ breathing (having read this added to the emotional stability of the
etus). Yes her child would have every advantage.

The choice of obstetrician (settling on one recommended try a good friend)
he choice of birthing methods. all had to be made. She had been amazed at the
ariety of pre and post natal methods. There were people who said “Doctors
ere always right". but in her readings she had taken a hard look at the tools of
modern medicine. First was the staggering statistic that infant irrortality Hi this
country was higher than the other l5 so called developed countries (a siagerirrg
10.2 per l.(l()l)). Secondly almost all hospital births. natural or otherwise. irr-
Volve drugs. Tire Paracervical block. an anesthetic used to ease the pains of hard
labor is used in over ()(i'tiiof hospital births. in fact. this wonder drug actually
descreases the natural corrtractiorr/push rrrotiorr of birth. causing labor to be
longer and thereby increasing the risk of brain damage to the fetus. in addition.
almost all wonren are given a shot of derrroral (one of the strongest pain killers
available) just to “calm tlrerrr down" Because these drugs decrease sensation it
is often necessary for the doctor to adrrriuisler l’icotin. a labor inducer. just to
balance out the process.

She also took a hard look at the Cesarean or C-sectton. Over 1 Mini hospital
births beconre C-secttoirs. This was a procedure developed for lrtgb risk births.
for difficult breech positions. for mothers with health problems like Toxemia.
Diabetes or Placenta l’revia. rrot as elective surgery. The other factor is the post-
operative immobility. the usual closeness of mother and infant is delayed
because the mother has been given a general anesthetic which will remain in her
system for several days. and she will not really feel very well for awhile.

And the potential horror story does not end there. There is the episiotonry to
consider. This is a procedure supposedly used to prevent tearing of the vaginal
tissue surrounding the birth canal. An incision is made. anywhere from 1 to 5 irr-
ches (depending seetrrirrgly on the feeling of the doctor at the time) which results
iii stiches that make it almost impossible to sit or move comfortably for 2 to 4
weeks. She. like so many other modern women. was left with an unnatural fear
of childbirth. r

She searched for alternatives. There have been recent developments such as
the birthing chair. Billed as a “dignified way” to have a baby it actually makes use
of natures own force-gravity! The woman. rather than being in the unnatural
position flat on her back with her legs spread to the wind is srttirrg up in a chair
witlr a hole in it. allowing the baby to "fall" naturally. In fact this procedure was
first thought of by a mid-wife in the 1700’s who used her version of the chair
despite medical harrasemerrt.

She had decided the the Bradley method of natural childbirth was the best for
her. this gave her the option of hospital or at-lronre delivery with the help of a
midwife. She had decided to go to the hospital becuase she wanted to use the
Lelioyer method where the baby is left connected to the irrrbilical cord until it
breathes naturally lying on the mothers stomach. Then it is immersed in body
temperature water for cleaning. easing the shock of environmental changes from
womb to world. I

She has noticed that in the last few weeks she has become somewhat psychic.
Laughing at herself because of all the old wives tales about pregnant women she
gives herself over to the feelings that this has all happened to her before. because
in these feelings is the best respite from her fears. Her husband is sensitive. sup
portive and helpful. He has promised to fight for her rights in the hospital if they
try to interfere with the birth process.

It is now 2 days before her due date. She falls asleep. critically aware that
tonight could be the night. She has a dream. a dream of tirrre when lrirtlriirg was
not thought about. it was a rhythm of life just like the crops. the snows aird
death.

She is in a field. harvesting the fall squash. She wears a dress of soft skins. her
belly is swollen just as it is in her waking time. She has felt the twings of her
child's arrival all day but has continued to tend the fields. time alone can take
care of the process. The men of her village are out lrurrtiirg but they will return
for the evening meal. She. along with her mother arid sister. gather their earthen
pitchers and head back to the village. gathering firewood on their way. She
smiles the peaceful smile of the knowing. and walks on. At dinner. her husband
senses it is her time. though no words have been exchange. He leaves after the
meal to wait with the elders of the village to see what he has fathered.

Her mother stays with her while she cleans her but. gathers the fresh grasses

 lo litre her birthing place. breathing rlrtyrnically. sometimes lrunching down on
her heels as the contractions continue. When the time comes. her mother goes
for the mid-wife who comes with her tools to assist in any way she can. As most
interference with nature is possi»
ble.

The young woman is in hard labor now. she leans against the wall as long a
contractlorr passes. Finally her water breaks and the real work begins. She leans
forward in her squat pushing with the natural rhythm of her body. She begins to
5W9?“ With the exertion of birth. the women Wipe her brow and her back. com»
forllng as only they can. Finally “WWW blrll‘

 

«rt/fl

  

 

 

L A

 

 

 

opening to ease the skin and avoid tearing. The head appears and she reaches
forward supporting it as the power of gravity and one final push brings him forth.
She has given birth to a son The mid-wife places the child at the mothers nipple
and as the baby licks then sucldes her uterus gives one final contratroir causing
the aflerbiitlr to fall out. The irrid-wrfe cleans her up and the men are notified of
nature's success

She awakes feeling a peace that has alluded her for these past weeks aird
realizes that her time has come. ller contractions are 7 minutes apart. she con~
centrates on her breathing. and gently wakes her husband. Tire hospital is
notified they are on their way. arid the doctor wrll meet tlrerrr there. When they
get to the hospital she is immediately put in a wheel chair and taken to the
obstetrics ward. her lrusbaird is left to fill out forms. She is undressed. given a
white gown that barely covers her swollen body and given an enema. A nurse
performs the first vaginal exam. telling her she is only It centirrreters dialated and
it will be awhile. it is 2i) rrriiiiites before her husband reappears which has left her
time to stare at the blank wall and the one predominant clock on the other. She
has tried to withdraw. concentrate on her breathing. but the reality of the
hospital and birth is frightening her. As her husband arrives. a nurse ushers him
from the roonr again so she can perform another exam. in the middle of this. she
has another contraction and the nurse tells her they will soon set up an N. just to
help. She insists that that not be done. The nurse srnuggly says you'll change
your mind and walks out.

She struggles with herself and her fear. She will not give up this experience.
She returns to the feelings of her dreams. the wonder and ease of that birth. She
instinctively rises in her hospital bed as the next contraction comes. squatting.
and finds this eases the pain considerably She continues to do this until a nurse
catlrces her and insists she return to a lying position. She agrees but gets up
again as soon as the nurse leaves. Her husband returns and they go through the
breathing exercises and it restores some cairn.

Their the doctor arrives. telling her all is prepared for the LeBoyer method. of
course the operating roonr will stand by incase of any emergency. which rather
than easing her unnerves her once again. He leaves to dress iir surgical garb. tel|~
ing her that he Would like to set up a fetal heart rrrorritor. just to check
everything. She agrees. The technican wheels in a large machine with a video
screen. and once again her husband is displaced. A belt is put around her middle
and the strong beat of the child's heart is heard.

ller cervix is now fully dilated and they move her into the delivery room shr-
has maintained her position on no IV and amazingly she has not been overruled.
The monitor is removed. her husband is behind her. the birth begins As the last
pains of labor begin. the pain is replaced by the wonder of this happening and
the shear physical strain of the process. She finds her mind slipping iii and out of
her dream. the fresh inowir grass and the sterile operating room iniermingling iir
lrei memory.

l-‘inally the C(Ittilig sounds of the boy are heard and he is placed on her
stomach. while the cord still throbs. underscoring their connection. As the blood
flow through the cord eases. the doctor clamps if off and severes it. The Child Is
placed in the mothers arms. This purple. bloody little person is hers. her first
child. her son He stickies gently and she feels the pull she knew would come as
the afterbirth is expelled

He is their taken and immersed in a bath of 98 degree water and gently spong-
ed clean. He is wrapped ill clean blankets ang given back to his mother. They
will be separated now. she forest. he to sleep. No sooner is be out of her sight.
then she feels tire pain of loss She asks to hold him again. but is told that is
against hospital policy. She must rest and Would be able to see him again in the
morning. it is only 11 PM.

At home with her child she still feels the hurt and resentment of those
moments when her child was taken from her. The very bond of irroiherhood is
established in those first few hours and days. she vows that lrer next child will be
born at borne. There is no fear left for her. only joy. She will listen to her dreams
rrexi time."

This is not a corrrrrrorr story. because iir rrrost cases she would have lost the
battle over the [V and probably would have been given the drugs she so dread-
ed. Slre was lucky because her doctor was one who believed in the natural birth
process and helped her fight a system that first gave us childfever. a disease
caused by germs on the hands of doctors who insisted on inserting them into the
birth cairal. At one point in the 18005 as many as 901ml the women who entered
laying in hospitals died of this disease.

Childbirth is the wonder of nature at her finest. it can be the ultimate fulfill—
ment of family and marriage. it must not be cloaked in mystery and fear. it must
involve the father in all lactts if delivery and above all it must ensure a safe birth.
free of any additional trauma for this new human being to face than life itself will

D

present to'him.

OW

mﬂnm‘am)

23>g

 

 

 

