 
 

i

r
r
I

 

1‘39; g .

1 $531k

..

 

 

Sports ALBANYSIUDENT PRESS r: APRIL 26. I983

' AIERICAN
STUDIES. '

I
l l
 

 

'l'his is the only thing you’ll
have to II“ to get your
belongings home.

Why break your back and waste your valuable time? The end of
the semester means long hours of studying for flnals; you
don't need the additional burden of worrying about moving

your belongings home. End your worries with Just one phone 

call, let American Student Moving handle all your end of
semester moving and storage hassles. We have a service for

your every need.

,l.

Door To Door Moving

For as little $25, American Student Moving will
move your belongings from your school residence
to your summer or permanent location any where in
the five boroughs of New, York City, Westchester
and Rockland Counties in New York; anywhere on
Long island; Fairfield County in Connecticut; the
Boston area in Massachusetts and Bergen, Passaic,
Essex and Morris Counties in New Jersey.

Summer Storage

For as little as 520, American Student Moving

will pick up your belongings at your door,store

them in our secure, insured warehouse and on one
day’s notice return them to your new residence in

the Fall.

Moving and Storage for Graduating Students

Relocating within our service area? American
Student Moving will pick up your belongings,

8o pick up the phone and call us now,
no one moves you like we move you.

CALL 434-6655
434-6656
FULLY [NSURED

ICC No. 186562

a

I. ‘I “My

    

 

WILL YURMAN UPS

Great Dane Fans of the Week

The Great Dane lane of the week are Richard and Adele Fernandes, parents of
Diane Fernandes, the starting shortstop on the women's softball team.

Mr. and Mrs. Fernandea made the three and a half hour trip from Staten Island
to see their daughter play In this Saturday’s Albany invitational softball tourna-
ment. It was well worth the ride, as Albany swept all three games and captured

first piacﬂ- ——Mark Levine

 

 

 

 

Indoor boaters in Lake Placid

<21

Monsalve, Michael Miller, Darwin Valencia,
I-‘rantz Micele, Ilob Garrett. Malt McSherry.
Scott Cohett anti Rose. who all tlrrned in
outstanding performances. Tire teanl had
great depth. as every team merrrber played in
lcvcry game, and did not get the breaks when we needed

I “When we first began the tournament I them," he said.

knew scoring would be our biggest “The tournament was a great idea,"
Schieffelin stated. “and was very well
organized. We played as well as arty other
learn in the tournament, and I hope we go
back ltext year and win it all." t t

team to 3 goals or less in indoor soccer, you
know you're doing something right." Merritt
uttered similar sentiments. “Our lack of scar-
trrg was our biggest problem btrt our defense
was great. We missed a lot of opportunities

I . .
problem," Steffen said, “btll I knew otrr

defense would do well." The most goals
Albany let up in one game was three. which
i prompted Steffen to say “When you hold a

 

 

State University of New York at Albany

PRESIDENT’S
LECTURESHIP
SERIES 1982-1983

Presents
A Panel Discussion On
“Racism. Sexism, Antl-Semltlsm and Discrimination Against The Disabled"
Discussante

Assistant Dean For Student Affairs
Director. Office For Disabled Student Services

Director of Women s EIudies Program
J Assistant To The Pres gent Ior Afllrmatlve Action

Sta I
a r
Department of Judaic Studies
J. Jor r D
sees a 9 re essor
Puer, .l Rican. Latin American, and Caribbean Studies

Ja her M. Zwana
Ase sIanI ProIessoI

Director, Mlnorlty Student Services

Tuesday pr 26,1983

 

 

2:00pm- 2 0pm

Campus CenIer insemny Hall
All are Invited
Refreshments

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By Alan Somkln
s m: r- » ‘m risk

The Albany State women's softball learn
is riding Irigh off of this weekend‘s sweep of
the Albany Invitational. Much of their suc-
cess in the tournarneltt artd in the past four
years can be attributed to their senior co-
cuptains. Carol Wallace and Nancy
Halloran.

This duo ltas been a member of Coach
Lee thenish's learn for the past four years.
The team's steady improvement over these

 

 

 

 

WILL VURMAN UPS
Senior Carol Wallace has been a
powerful force In Albany's lineup.

 

    

- m.m;~*wm-.-.. .. ..

years can be attributed in part to the two
seniors. "Carol and Nancy have been the
steady, dependable players you need on
your team. I never have to worry about
them — they Ilavc a great sense about the
grutrc,“ said Rhenish.

.I'IilIIOHIii comes front R.C. Kctcham
High School in thppingers Falls, New
York. where she played second base attd
shortstop. When she cattle to Albany, she
was converted to third base where she
played the next three years. This year she
was converted to catcher because of an in-
jury to the regular catcher.

Wallace is frorn Deer Park Iligh School
where she played the outfield for fotrr
years. She was converted to first base in
Albtrrry. btrl this year she is back in center-
l'icld due to injuries. “Nancy and (‘ltroi ttrc
pcrfect examples of learn players. In order
to have a winning learn, you have to have
players who will sacrifice something for the
good of the learn. these two players are ill-
dicativc of this.“ Rhcnish said.

The team has showed steady improve-
ment since Wallace and llallortrn joined
four years ago. Wilt) marked the first time
Albany State madc the New York State
playoffs. Iltlllorrur. as it frcslunan, was
chosen as an all»star for the tournament. In
Will, they placed lltird ill the States and last
year they won it all. Wallace helped beat
()neonrlt with two Irotnc runs in one of the
tournament games last year.

This year presented a new challenge for
the two seniors. 'I‘Ircy were assigned co—
captains at the beginning of tire season, and
they had responsibilities they never had
before. "We have to be in the Iniddlc this
year. We have to present the team‘s views
to the coach and the coach‘s views to the
learn. We also have to set examples for the
freshmen on the learn,“ said Wallace.
Albatty lost seven players from last year's
championship tearrt, so (‘oach Rhcnish had
to depend on Ilalloralt artd Wallace to add
stability to this year's young learn.

 

APRIL 26, 1983 r3 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS  21

—t——_———-—-——
Wallace and Halloran: two unselfish leaders

 

 

Nancy Halloran has done a fine job as the laadoll hitter for Albany State's
women's softball team In her four years of varsity play.

She placed Ilalloran III the Icadol't' bat-
ting position. where she has been for her
fottr years at Albany. and she has respond-
ed with a .400 batting average. Wallace was
placed III lltc clcltlr-up spot lilltI she has led
the learn III itittitlg thus far. “We felt we
had added responsibilities this year. As the
two players who had the most experience,
we were depended on to Irpr lead the tealtl
as well as produce with the but," said
llalloran.

linilortttr's sitcttglll throughout her four
years here has been her ability to rcacll
base. “The rnairt job of u lctnloff hitter is to
reach blrsc anyway you call. ’I'his entails try-
ing to work otrt walks and hunting for
hits." said IIttIlorltn, Wallace‘s strength has
been her cottsislcttt hitting. “I‘ve been hit-
ting ill cilhcr tllc third or fourtlt positions in
the batting order for four years, so ill went
into a slump the whole team would feel it.
l'vc kept my concentration at the plate and
have done pretty well," said Wallace.

WILL VURMAN UPS ‘

Iiesides botlr having college batting
averages of over .300, Halloran and
Wallace boast high grade point averages in
their majors. lloth are Business Administra-
tion majors, and both are members of the
Dean's Iiortor Society. At an awards ban-
.lucr Saturday rrigin. Ilrrlloran received a
i’SI-Z scholarship for being in tire top ten
percent in her major. Site is also a member
of Item (‘rarua Sigma and Sigma Laudis.

“I've had a lot of flip playing at Albany
the past fotrr years. I've always been good
friends with the people on the learn, we've
dolte a lot of traveling altd tnet people from
other schools," said Halloran. "Coach
Rhenish has been demanding of us. expec-
ting nothing btrt excellence from her team.
She‘s been a great help to us both inside and
outside of softball," said Wallace.

Tlte two seniors will play their final game
for Albany sometime in May, and they will
leave open two positions on the team that
will always be touglt to fill. lIl

 

 

 

 

Women tracksters fifth

 

By Tom Kacandes
ill/mural. 4.551s mm

The Albany State women's track and field
team returned from the Cortland invitational
last Saturday with great times and even some
tans. Albany finished fifth in the team scor-
ing with 43 points. well behind winner Cor-
tland State's I25 points, but the big story was
the high level of the individual performances
in the sunny. warm weather.

"This was defirtitely our breakthrough
meet," said head coach Ron White. “We had
a national qualifier, two school records, and
a wltole slew of personal best times." White
cited the good weather and tough competi-
tion as reasons behind the success. "And, 0
course. the team's been working very hard
for this; it's nice to see it pay off.”

In only her second college 10.000«meter
race, freshman Kathy McCarthy demolished
the school record and qualiﬁed for the Divi-
sion III National Championships. McCarthy
ran alone pushing herself to a best-ever time
of 38:23.5 ﬁnishing second overall. Showing

 

‘- WW, 

    

off the Danes' dcpllt in the distance events.
liette Dramba rook fourth place in 4l:59.

Another superior performance came when
Donna liurnham ran with a very fast field in
the I,500-metcr rtrn. iiurnhtun finished sixth
overall, but smashed the school record by
more than three seconds with her little of
11:54.7. "Tile old record holder, Chris Gard-
ner, was a real premier runner,” said Witile,
“and now our freshmen are goirtg beyortd
that."

Sprinter l.inc|le Skerritt had strong perfor-
mances all day taking two thirds. The first
came in the IOO-mcler dash where she was
timed in 12.8 seconds. Skerritr later ran a
season best time on the way to her third place
finish in the ZOO-meter dash.

Dane .Ien Jones ran a great race in the
400-mercr intermediate hurdles. Jones broke
the school record with her very fast time of
67.l seconds, which gave her second place
honors overall. Tess Calma and Eileen Pep-
pard both had personal best times in the in-
termediate hurdles.

The 4xl00-meter relay of Anita Heath, Jen

I”. V I.- “  Wriv

ED MAI’IUSSICH UPS

The women's track team performed admirably In taking fifth place In the Cortland

Invitational on Saturday afternoon.

in Cortland Invitational

.Ioncs, Tess Cuban. and Lineilc Skerritt
finished fourth in a close finish. The team's
time of 51.7 is not far from the national
qualifying mark.

Heath also ran her season‘s best open
400-mcrer dash. finishing in a quick l:00.l to
take third overall. Site later led off the third
place 4x400-mctcr relay of Heath, Skerritt.
Ilurnham, and Jones who ran 42l4.

Othcr fine performances cattle in the 800
and the shot. Captain Sarah (‘awley won her
heat of the BOO-meter rltrl with her personal

best time of2:34.3. Mary Randalls threw the
shot over ten meters consistently and finished
seventh overall.

“The ream'was ready to really pop and it
showed in otrr times." Cawley said.

“I think this meet was a good indication of
what could happen in the post-season,"
White said. "Our dual meet with Bingham-
ton this Tuesday should help encourage the
learn and then we get a rest this Saturday, so
otrr schedule should help us out,"

Indoor soccer team excels

 

By Adam Wilk

SIZIII'I' It'erElI

 

This past weekend the Albany State indoor
soccer team competed in the inaugural Lake
Placid International Indoor Soccer Tourna-
mcnt. Albany ﬁnished with a 2-l-2 record for
the tournament, which featured teams from
Canada, England and the United States.

“The tournament went very well," out-
door soccer coach and indoor asistttnt coach
Bill Schieffelin stated, “and with a couple of
breaks we could have won the whole tourna-
ment."

do so well. that just makes everything
better."

Albany det'ctrrcd ()nconla, 5-2, in their
first garlic anti ticli tltc University of Vcr-
tuonr. a Division I tcltm, H. in their second
game. “We cotrld have won that game too,"
Schicl'fclin remarked, "but we failed to
capitali/c on our numerous scoring oppor-
tunities." Albany Iictl .lohnstortc ('ollcgc of
New Hampshire itt their third garlic and then
lost ill their fourth game to t‘rrrlton (‘ollegc
of Canada, the t.‘\'t.‘ll|tltII tournament runner-

up. by a score of 2-1. In their final match of
the tournament. Albany defeated the even-
tual tournament champion, the London All-
Stars, by the score of 2-0, a game in which
Schieffelin said. “The team played very
well."

“It was a great experience to play in the
tournament." Schicffelin commented. "It
gave our players valuable experience which
they could not have gotten elsewhere." “The
team played really well," assistant coach Bill
Steffen remarked. “and I feel we were one of
the top three teams in the tournament."

Albany was one of the last teams to enter

. .
 transport them to our New York or Boston rh ‘ k I t u 8 500 I [ [ d b we arm if we on
‘i‘ ' e tournamerr too p ace tn re . lte ournamen an ec . c -
 warehouse’ storle them for as long as you “Rev AIIICBTYAITO-Americm Studies - scar Olympic Arena, where only three years try some of their regular players played for
 and on one day S “once deliver them to your new Mode . , ‘_' .. ago the U.S. llockcy tcarn captured the Gold different teams. “Terry Bacchus, one of our
:‘f‘ reSIdence- mum“ { ‘ Medal. “It was a great 'honor inst playrng‘m rcgtriar players, played for the Capital Land
Associate to the em or tudem Aumrs . the tournament and In such a bcaurrtul team anti made the All-1 ouraarncnt team,
building." Schicfi’clin commented." bill to Schicffelin stated. "But we were able to get

future MISI. player Paxton Rose of Oneonta
to play for us to make up for Iiacchus'
absence," Ire stated. thcrthclcss, tltc lack of
familiarity between the Albany team member
was felt by the team. “Ill tltc beginning oftlle
'ourrranrcut we were unfamiliar with each
.tthcr." goalie 'l‘om Merrill remarked. “blrt
1y lltc crtd of the tournament we had learned
.o play together as a team, as witnessed by

our defeat of tile London team."
The Albany tctmr was led by Merritt. Eddie
20>

mama‘s. t... w.

 

 

r “I” ‘ .- ..c.....

   

 
  

    

.p, 
V V ,. , . ,  wt . .. t = x.» a -,. mammal» "W" ’

    

“' 

