 

6 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS Ct SEPTEMBER 2 7, [983

Campus groups active in registering students

By Ian Clements

While students and city ofﬁcials
locked horns over the establishment
of a polling place on campus. three
student groups have been striving to
facilitate voter registration amon
students. '

Student Association's Student
Action Committee, Off Campus
Association. and the campus office
of the New York Public interest
Research Group ltave been active in
the drive. as well as Sharon Gon-
salves. a graduate of SUC Platt-
sbttrgh, wlto is running for a seat on
tlte Albany County Legislature. SA
President Rich Schaffer said he
hoped to ltave 3.500 to 4,000
students registered to vote by elec-
tiott time.

According to Schaffer, SA was
resportsiblc for registering about
1.750 freshmen at the summer
orientation sessions. Members of
the Student Action Committee have
been at dinner lines. dortn meetings
and have been visiting suites
distributing registration forttts. said
Steve (iawiey. chairman of the
corttmittec.

NYi’iRG and OCA have been
iabiing in the Campus Center inl

order to register voters that the Stu-
dent Action Committec has not
contacted. according to NYPlRG
project coordinator Patti Herrick.
but "SA has done suclt a good job
that a lot of people we have con-
fronted liave already registered to
vote. Last year the vast majority of
students we contacted were not
registered. We are not registering
nearly as many students as last
year."

Thus far. NYPIRG has signed tip
about 400 slttdents. Herrick said.
He added that he hopes to register
another 200 in time for electiorts
this fall. NYPIRG will continue
tabling in the campus center lobby
until Oct. 5. Registratioit ends on
Oct. 7.

Off Campus Coordinator Sony
Attictta said her group ltas been
responsible for registering lt)()
voters and that a "one day blitl” to
register off ctitttptis students may be
attempted before clcctiott time.
Albany (founty Legislative catt-
didate Slitift)"‘(itMlSilchs ltas been
continually pushing registration for
students living off campus.

Schal'fer said he feels that it is int-
portant students register iii Albany
rather titan iii their horttc counties,

notittg difficulties encountered by'
students applying for absentee
ballots. He cited cases in which
students have received their ballots
after the voting deadline. artd
poirtted out that the Boards of Elec-
tioits of Nassau and Suffolk coun-
ties. ltonie to many SUNYA
students. seem to have the roost
trouble mailing out the ballots.
Another'renson to encourage
students to vote in Albany, accor-
ding to Schaffcr, is that they spend
the majority of their time in
Albany. and tltus will be affected
tnore by Albany's issues titan those

in their hometowns. Schaffer‘.

pointed to the planned rezoning of
the Pine Bush, tax increases which
wottld lead to rent increases for off
campus students and the battle over
an on campus polling place as issues
which may concern students.

According to Schal'i’er, Albatty
Mayor Thomas Whalen ill
"underestimates students" and
said. “i would like to prove him
wrong.

“i tltink we‘ll have a big say in
the upcoming elections. Many citri-
ditlatcs have been contacting me."
Schaffer added. I l

 

 

 

Predorgast explained that cars are re
lral allocates the money tor new cars,
Saioty departments are being told to “make do."

 

Campus security adds K-cars to fleet

The Department at Public Saion got three new Ch
cotton car "not, Lloutonont David Prondorgaot said.

The state allocated now can to SUNYA because at
Assistant Director oi Public Soioty John Honlghan.

“By the time we traded in the cars. we must have paid tor them twice to maintenance and repair
costs," he added. Honlghan continued saying that most times the cars are traded In at 75.000
miles. whereas those cars were over 100,000 miles. “The old cars were both unsaio and tar irom
being cost aiioctivo." Honlghan said.

"New cars are going to campuses that need them most." he added. Prondergast described the
three cars that were replaced as, “one out of service totally, and the other two Just hanging on."
He added that the cost oi maintaining the old cars was "ridiculous."

Prondergast said the oliicers were happy with the new cars because. “Everything works tor a
change," adding that, “a new car is iun to drive In."

ryslor K-cars this summer, spruclng up the

costly and ropeattvo breakdowns. said

placed at SUNY campuses on a priority basis. SUNY Con-
but Prendergast noted that with budget cutbacks, Public

ED MARUSSION UPS

—Nancy Goren

I objected.

  

 

 

NYPIRG lnlormatlon table in“ _
i’oler registrolt'mt one NYI’IRG lat/t

Campus rape studied

lliihilrli. A] far as i know none ot tiw twiito.
((‘l’S)The real number of campus had reported \vhnt lt.t|\|'L|ird 
rapes and sexual asault cases may be them." lie says,
many times higher titan ofﬁcials The reason, it \L‘l'lli _ t tom
have traditionally believed, accor- all of the incidents lli~|‘i~‘tl o.»
ding to a new Aubttrn Universin experts are now L'illlllli' "i run:
study on sexual attitudes. lance tape."

Nearly one ottl of every six male “We‘re finding that t your
students admitted to forcing “omen tancc tape is a \‘L'l)‘ ft in.
to have set “fill them, the study of incident that takes pin :i 4::
user 200 sophomores found. prises," says Dan Kt-livt ‘

Moreover. 2t) percent oi the public safety at the t t
females suncyed said they had been Louisville and |)lt'\ltlt'ttt w t
forced to have sex even though they (.‘t'imc l’revcntton l’itww
dependent campus l.|\\ ttti ‘ ‘ .:.

Surprisingly. “very few of the association.
wottten dcfitted such situations as
rape," notes Auburn psychologist “lt cottld typicaii) inwlxe «t sl”
Barry Burkltart. who helped direct and a guy who trtcet at a p.111). Ills"
the study. the guy invites the girl home 4”“!

“None of these men were ever ar- physically forcs her to irate ~c\. the
tested or charged with rape, and as guy just won’t take no for till

19'

.'t.

 

‘ur “mmw

All GA/TA/RA 's:

Elections for DELEGATES to the
GRADUATE STUDENT EMPLOYEES
UNION 'witl be TUES., 10/4 & WED.,

.No innious open to 9/10;

 

APP y SA Offic'sLCC I 16;.ﬂwa

tun,

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Every Wednesday is O

  

All Talent. Especially Colttctllllll Weltotuc
From 8pm 'l‘tll Clounl
SCHNAPPS « “.15
Open 1 Dayl win-um
nvuilnhle lor private putte-

. M“
Corner of Madison and Dorie. Albany]

PEN MIC NIGHT '

 

S'ﬁiﬁgojaamscoum MUFFLERS
-Y ,

, AMERIEAN two FOREIGN can spscmusr
_ r ‘ 7
j k ., V \V
'ROMAS
inltottodhy

Law‘s 0H7!) MAN'
,‘i Trained

\\ SMAtt ICAtlﬁ
0  ,i’ . 'At Itil’ imﬁ
isvnoclallaln‘ § $  f; s;;tft:5 M
    trunnion !
“ __ lull-lied   Muir
FOREIGN'CARS o CUSTOM DUALS
HEAVY DUTY SHOCKS O CUSTOM PIPE SENDING
491 CentralAvenue...;.......438-1181
(Just Want oi Partridge Street)
'"d’V'dl‘M'Y Owned I Oporatod

W. ii’iilf‘éii’i‘f‘ii-‘ésiiu 

 
  
 

     
 
 

 

 

 

 

Copyright 0 i085 Matti-Ito
‘—

a?! .tiZ-étﬁa.tiWMAmaa'mnimw mVﬂwlv  .

 

To get ahead, you’ve got to push

the right buttons.

Big ideas call for big functions. And
you'll find them on the keys of every
Hewlett—Packard calculator.

The HP-llC Scientiﬁc Programmable.

Powerful functions, such as permu—
tations and combinations, hyperbolics
and a random-number generator, are all
at your fingertips. And with help like
that, you just might end up with your
name on a theorem.

The top~of—thc‘linc HP—4l.
To give you an idea of the HIM” 's

 

Check your campus bookstore or any of the tollowing dealers:

Albany

Service Merchandise Co, Inc
145 Wolf Fioad Park

(518) 458-7501

capabilities, in an emergency it can help
bring the NASA Space Shuttle back to
earth. Without the aid of Mission Control.
imagine what it can do for you on a
rotttine day.

And it's just one of the many
specialized HP calculators: the HP—lOC
and HP—15C scientific programmables,
the HP-IZC financial calculator, and the
HP—‘ioC for computer programmers.

So, go ahead. Get to the root of
sophisticated problems—quickly—
simply, with the help of a sophisticated

NEW YORK

Sage 8t 15th Sts
(51 )270-6555

tool. Get there with Hewlett—Packard.
For the authorized HP dealer or HP

sales office nearest you, call TOLL-FREE

800—547-3400 and ask for operator

#13 M-F, 6a.m.-6p.m. Pacific Time.

Personal computers and calculators
for professionals on the move.

[Ii/3 55%";533

Troy
Ftensseiaer Union Bookstore

 

 

