   

 

 EDITORIAL

  The uncredible election

tempt to prevent students from reading our endorsements.
The people who did this obviously figured that if you voted
in ignorance. you might make the right decision.

These are your fellow students trying to pull the wool
over your eyes — trying to decide what is best for you.
Those who stole the ASP were infringing on your in-
alienable rights. An election is supposed to be democratic.

 

lt-s revolting to think that fellow students are lfying to
determine what is best for you. In essence the Shenanigans
were appalling and malicious.

Finally the issue of the election itself. in late February,
SA bi-elections were postponed due to a lack of com.
munication by election officials. in this election
misprogramming of polling booths, alortg with ctinlucinn
in the counting procedure caused the inv’illltlzllltvn in the

disgraceful exhibition has taken place on this cam-

pus. The SA elections were not merely a farce. but a

step backwards for the respectibility of the student
representation at this university.

The embittered campaign sent out the message that some
candidates were more concerned with the ends rather than
means. it's ironic that individuals who run platforms based
on professionle can display only forms of immaturity.

April 15, 1983

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  

 

 

      
 

 

 

 

    

 

    

    

 

 

 

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

Deceitful practices ran rampant daring the campaign, Alumni Boardand Off Campus Central Council election». '
First, presidential candidate Joe Ranni was charged with Again an ironic circumstance in which tistettulvlt. Wu...
posting illegal posters in illegal places. The SA Supreme sional communicators failed to communicate.
Court ruling ordered him to take down the illegal posters In light of such inane proceedings, how can \ v “M
and deliver them with the master copy to the SA office. the administration to respond to students \L‘fltltl in Him
I Ranni admitted his guilt for the most part. and made every can the student body demand to be treated lc-l‘: tttilh.
effort to remove the posters. Although his labors did not and like equals, when we were not even conducting it” own
justify his original actions, Ranni did respond appropriate- selves in a mature and proper manner.
ly to the ruling. Yet Supreme Court ChiefJustice Steve Per- Yesterday‘s elections left many pcuplc hurt my wimp
rin still removed Ranni from the ballet. seemingly thoughtless. and foolish. However. there .vcrc mm:
‘ unresponsive to the retributive actions. Not only was the positive results from this apparent ﬁasco. Rich Schiller
candidate's behavior questionable. butthe court's handling and Jeff Schneider. two well rounded and qtiriliitcti trill-
of the affair could have been more judicious. didates, were elected to the ofﬁces of ptcsidcnt .md ticc-
Then there is the case of the stolen .4SPs. Students in- president of SA. Schaffcr says that one of his trrtt .lcllillli
volved in the election campaign stole hundreds of copies of as president will be to revamp the election Clllllllllvlttll .\
the ASP and through them in the trash cans or chucked ncccesary step indeed to return credibility to SA .itttl lllt‘
them into the bathrooms. lt‘s evident that this was an at- student body.
r u C O L U M N
I I
l
i ' O O O ?
 . IS ZlOIllSIIl racrsm .
i
it Zionism and its radical discrimination against "Palesti. Those Palestinians who remained in Palcsttnc were dary schools for Arabs to which no Jew has ever lit-longed,
. nian ArabS" in Palestine need to be examined, The deﬁni. harassed and excluded. then expelled and repressed by the and another system of schools for Jewish Israeli».
lion or racial discrimination as "any distinction. exclusion. Zionist establishment. After lsrael announced its Ms. Felicia Langer wrote in an Open letter [illl‘lhllt'tl lll
resniction. or preference based on race. color, descent. or statehood. the state expropriatcd Arab owned land to hold the London Times (June 17. I974):
religion" is the criterion against which we may ask whether it in trust for the “Jewish People" to put Jewish settlers on
Zionism is racism. To answer this question. we need to it. and to lease it to Jews only. The much adniircd Kibbui- I am a lawyer in Israel. and during ’iis
‘ t know. two things: (1) what Zionism is. and (2) how it is zism to which Arabs have never been admitted meant. in years of occupation l have often .ip-
. ‘ WWWM- practice. the exclusion of both Muslims and Christians peared in the military courts in the o.-
“ from any participation in the political. social.cconomic. or cupied territories and Israel to dcicttd
" \‘l MOhammad  cultural life of the Jewish settlement. Many are the cs- opponents of the occupation. , . in:
..i l" amplesthat illtistratctlie extraordinary unevenness in lsracl giving any form of help to a pctmt‘
jg. Zionism is a "nationalistic political mavemcnt” which between care for Jews and disregard for "non-Jews". Thc suspected of anti-occupation .i.~
i} shims “‘3‘ "3“ “M an“ mCmbL‘fS 0r 3 single nation." its low is entitled to the maximum whereas the non-Jew lives. tivity—sometimcs a glass of water to .
i: 1 $031 is m Nablivh 8" L‘WluSivs’ Jeuish state in Pﬂlcstinc. in \lllilgc‘s without libraries. theaters. health centers, and su\pc‘c‘lt‘d son. brother. or sistcrw L-
it. Hertz]. the founder of modern Zionism. wrote in his diary: men sewage syvlcms. Moreover. “Palestinian Arabs" are military courts impOsc‘ sentence» . litt'
5 "li- “'~' "10W in“) =1 WSW" “hs‘k‘ time an: “‘ild shimals to forbidden to travel freely. they are subject to severe the most painful problem is llldl «it 'II.
it‘ which the .lt:\\\ are not dCL‘llslolllcd. for example. big tnililnry regulations and they have tllt.‘ nicnial and lowest violence. beatings and torture to wit 
snakes. I shall use the natives to cuerminate them." Then paying jobs. The) are not allwcd to organize in order to tch suspects are subjected during lllls‘ii.‘.-t
i he adds that with that lob done. "the natives would be fend their human rights. [ion by members of Shin lit-tit tlst.:.
{ evacuated to nearb) countries." There were no wild Not to be forgotten arc the policy of arbitrary mass .ir- Security Servich
'1 animals in Palestine to which Jews are not accustomed. but rests. detention. torture. deportation of citizens of the oc- ‘pr, v—n—u—n
‘ there were human beings. the great majority of which were cupicd lands, curfcws imposed on Arab vill;tgc~. tlcstrtic- 'l'lic vii-culled law of Return. aiccurdrn v‘ ‘ . _ ‘ ‘  .._..
i; evacuated in terror to Lebanon. Syria. Jordan. and Egypt. tion and demolition of Arab owned litvuscs.c1tvstirc ut Amp ]Q\\ in. rm “Hg-hr“ m immiger trim”. ‘ _ I -
a One of many terror tactics used to evacuate the Arabs of schools tind universities. censorship on everything vvrittcn black low is restricted) to lvracl is dcnitvnvtzt ' - , “ ' . n ,i- ‘- - _
I, Palestine is what lhk‘ Husélnuh "HUM h‘dd allnounv‘s‘d l" or spoken. by or about Afdi‘v. and the cvploitatitin tvt' ~\r;ib cltisitvnar) principles of Zionism. ' ‘ ‘ .. . '1 id 
lj, Jerusalem. "the road to Jericho is open! Flee front [and and labor, RM”; demlmion in Mal.) h n“; .t ' t ' . p . ~ ' t ,' V'  r J “RH Ml“ I .
ii. Jt-‘fU-‘als‘m bt'lﬂh‘ )0“ at? Hut-“L” in Israel today there is one system of primary and vccun- .igtiinst .-\fdlis. it is itlm practiced against “t ‘ ‘ i t ‘ ‘ "W “N 39“ N.“ .5." I
A, whose underprivileged situation hm t‘tll.‘ H I
“i  _ . -v brought to the attention of the outside world
' ' g I ' it is worthwhile to point out that vvinic Zlic' s». 4‘
3.: . ~ " - community is trying to isolate and lumen ill: t.t..- -
 ‘ in South Africa. the Zionist state (lls llllttltdi .ilivt » w ‘ 't
I’ll; . '  ding links and relations with it. ‘
r , . ' ‘ (a I There are tlldll) other c\antplcs that can be ,t.:.:..:‘
.. v list of discriminator) actions on the slth 0t Eli; lat.
 . ‘ ugninst l‘tilcvtininns. but I do not want to Vivi “ "
ii] discussion. This racism iv the logical uutcotnc at it 1’?
lit ideology, which is an ideology of v ngllt‘i‘ ' \' “v:
illltl restriction, It is not orin .i systcrnutt. t‘t‘ ~“
9» ~ discrimination without tltc Clinlitldllt‘ll \‘l xv ~
1 i violations of these lninititi rights \\lll not «end ll: " "
 cnn. .it best. be described .ls a philosophy .tt . 
‘ Palestinians lll\l\iL‘ and even outside lstucl. lh. .‘
1' llldvsdc‘fL‘ ot' Sabra and Shatila for which tltc  ~~~=
, h) licgin and Sharon is one of indizv Itl.l\~.l.'ls'~ L‘ “3*”
‘ Palestinians have been slaughtered lll cold ltlm'd
j: It is important to remember thu' many dt‘ill i
‘1. Jewish ICLILlL‘fv and writers have forcefully vim-ed " ‘ V
l‘\‘\ili0tl to Zionist rticisrn. ‘l‘licy messed thc . ’“J'
j Judaisin is divtiugtiivhublc from. and lllCtlllii‘dlii‘iL‘ milk
ll. . "Political Zionism“. Moreover, the timed \ ‘1 v‘l“
' (icticrtll Assembly luv adopted on ,\I "l\i.l}. .Ntvvcrntxt 1“.
i i 1975. Revolution 137‘) t\\\) in vvliicz. .‘rtvnisnt vim std-“VA
fl . with rticisin.
i i Finally. it should be noted that lh: l’.tl-_~strtti.ins' lot”
i i "f" i‘ {it‘lltk‘s‘rittic secular state doc» not mean tlu- cicWiiitv'
L _ tion or lsracl. neither does it imply the throvv tug 0i it *“ i”
i Z , to the sea tatv it has been propagated b) tltc /li‘l‘il‘l i‘l”
_  .. ' _,_¢:2~, \\ /  ﬁnial?divindchincl.‘.is the Palestinians have been ll‘lkfttlﬂll Ill-
,_ g . . g ‘4' > t ttvtrt. lt llltdll) co-uistencc with ritual its) .
' t   52:411. . Cow Mu Sewn The democratic secular state to the creation or \vll|.ll tht 1
I i ' win we Meet: NON is A action. PRAYER AMENDMENT r"    tum        ;
‘l i “Y KW‘ ' Hung c\clusivist state in Palestine. .-\ secular stutt- t» the on- ‘
Q ': |,v' alternative in which all Palestinians. Muslims. Llutv- 
.  . lions. and Jews can live together equally. in
 C t.
1. l
l , j,
I, W ‘ ""‘I' e:L-s-u,-.;~,4t-. .-.-r i .y .

‘ " ""’ “MW-r .wxaézacgﬁ'rtf’

l

 

