   
 

 

  

ON-CAMPUS uousruo FOR NEXT YEAR

Any currently registered student may apply to select Room
Assignment and Board choice for 1983-84 by following these
procedures and deadlines:

STEP 1 (Deposit, Meal Card Photo)

Office of Residential Life, state Quad.
Eastman Tower Lower Lounge
April 11—15 and 18-22

STEP 2 (Room Selection)
Quad on which you wish to reside April 18-22

     
   
       
   
   
    

STEP 1 must be completed prior to STEP 2 and total process must be ‘
completed by 5:00 p.m.. April 22. There. are changes in the materials
so - Watch for Posted Materials: .

 
   
 

Pick up some materials prior to April 11 on your Quad.

 
 

APPLY EARLY -- DON’T MISS THE DEADLINE”

  

 

l'kJOIN us AT TELETHON ’83?
MARCH 18-19
ALL NIGHT BUSESI!

LEA VE WELLINGTON

 

LEAVE CAMPUS CENTER

     

 

12:558m 1:25am
1:25 1:55
1:55 2:30
2:30 3:00
3:00 3:30
3:30 :00
4:00 4:30
4:30 5:00
5:00 5:30
5:30 6:00
6:00 » _ :30
5’30 AFTER 7:00AM REGULAR SA TURDA v BUS 7:00
4: SCHEDULE RESUMES ‘

 

 

 

Shabbot' Services

5:45 pm - Orthodox Min on
6:30 pm - Conservative M ngon

“Ethical and Moral Value,lnherent

in Judaism”

speaker Rabbi Leib Tropper

7:00 pm

Tonight Friday, March 18th
Chapel House

k Sponsored by JSC - Hillel

 

 

-
—_._
__

4’”
9| 171]

An Exclusive Interview With:
on. TIMOTHY LEAIIY

presents

 

and
W

Sunday, March 20 at 4 pm.

Public Affairs
Sundays at 4p.m.

 

 

 

 

 

 

DUTCH OUAD GOES ‘-’
IRISH

SA TURDA Y MARCH 19TH
IN THE-“DUTCH QUAD FLAGROOM
9PM ~2AM
MUSIC BY:
“SOUNDS OF THE CITY”- featuring-
DJ. GORDON

$2.00w-tax $3.00 w-out
BEER, SODA, MUNCHIES, and GREEN Vodka Punch

 

 

$.50 off If wearing
a predominantly
green article of
clothing

   

SPONSORED 0v:
DUTCH QUAD BOARD
SA FUNDED .

Double Proof of 19
Requlred

 

 

ir-

  

 

 

 

r r 1 ‘1 1
3 ‘3
'bédubésbéé'bebsb'k'b'kdukcbeheheh

UNIVERSITY
AUXILIARY

SERVICES

' COMMITTEE

IS ACCEPTING

APPLICATIONS FOR

UAS

PROGRAM FUNDS

. FOR
1983:84

until

MARCH 2 1, 1983

 

.J

 

 

Bernard Johnpoll with E. G. Marshall
A visual view of history just us irriptrr/rr/tt us “fill view.

 

 

 

By‘ Ellen Suritaslero
\l ill till/ll.”

 

From Albany to Hollywood — “The Arnertcan Diary."
a six-part television series tracing Ariierican ilistory from
the trtrn ol‘ the century to tire Hoover Period, has been
developed by a former SUNYA prot‘essor.

Bernard K. Johnpoll. a hunter Political Science pro-
fessor who left SUNYA in August Will at'ter Ill years.
researched and collected rare antl trrrttscd newsreel I'oorage

over several years to corriplcte ltis creation. at a cost of

$38,000.
“l'rn art old newspaper titart and i noticed Iliat we
weren't making proper use of ncwsrccls” said ,lohripoll. To

collect the films. he csplaincd that he traveled evtensisely

around the corrtitry and acquired l'iltns l'rom twenty-l‘ottr
states. The project \sas t'itiartcerl tltrotrgli sttiall grants arttl
ottt ol' Johnpoll‘s pocket. Most ot' the film. said .lohnpoll,
was l'otind in standard public archives. " l'hcre are litige ar—
:ltivcs witlt unused film. It's priceless l'ootage.“ he said. ad-
ding. "it's just as important to give a visual \iew as well as
art oral view of history."

American Natiottal litttetruises (ANN a Hollywood pro—
dttcer ol' Syndicated l‘V Programs. agreed to ptesctit the
.cties with .lttltttpiill's Itelp. and has beeti marketing the
show for the past year. esplaincd art assistant editor at
ANli. The editor added that “the set ics orin took aborrt sis
tiioiiilts to physically prodtnc. which is tttitch sltortcr than
the titiie pttt into research and deselopttierit." A lot ol‘
television stations have bought the syndicated set ics. in-
cluding WON lli ('hicago. Kl'l.A iit los Angelcs. and
WTIEN irt Albany. according to it llollytsood ticws r'clcttsc.

Political Science Chairman Alvin Magid said ltc

.. .......... u... owWO:

_ MARCHJB, I983 t. ALBANYSTUDEA/TPRESS 5

*‘Ex-Albany. professor creates television series .

wan—m5..." .. . .

rcnterribers Johnpoli as having a long interest lntpolitical
journalism and was assure ol‘ the "large and ambitious pro-
ject" that he was undertaking. "It was first rate," com-
mented Magid al'ter previewing a one hour rough draft seg-
trrerit ot' the series. Though the preview was only a draft. he
claimed. "to a layman‘s cinematic eye. it was ex-
ccllent—t'irst rate." .lolitipoll showed the preview in
Magid's home to several colleagues when it was first corti-
plelcd. Magid said.

The first segment. said .lolinpoll. will cover the time
period between l‘)()0 arid l9l2. is slated for Monday. April
4th. lltc rest ol‘ the series tvill be aired April 5th. lltli. and
l2th. he said -c\plaining that he hopes to complete 26
segments ot‘ “'l ltc American Diary." ‘ " ‘

l'hc sctics. according to .lohnpoll. will be narrated by
IEU. Marshall. whose television and film credits include.
“ the l ttvsyers." “ i lre Defenders.“ and tlte“(‘tecpdrou."
Mary l’iekl'ord. Blister Keaton and Charlie ('haplirt .ttc
sortie ol' the celebrities highlighted in the series.

.lohtrpoll Silltl’lils t'atotite segment is the third ottc. deal-
llig with World War I. He added that he wrote it v'tllllcl}. by
himself. "l ttictl to short ltow crtt/y tlte war “as and at tire
end I said it was a \\.’II uillt no reason. btrt tltc editors \lll
my ending otrt and \\ltt|L‘ a rtcw one." Iic said. “ l hey were
afraid tin coticlttsiotr would al'l'ect srrlcs.".lohttpo|l added
hat ire plans to donate copies ot' the set ics totltc ttniscr-sitv.
Journalism at l~‘lorttl.t \rl.nttic

L’nttcrill) leaching

lllti\ctslly. .lstltllpttll said hc is also working oti a series of

historical segments that trtri from two to Iil'tecrt minutes to
be short it on PBS called “A Year to Remember."
toltrtpoll plans to he in Albany during the ﬁrst segment of
the "Diary" series itt April. t l

Former Hostage prescribes a course for peace

:ttotrgn time and ct‘l'ort into their foreign ex-

By Arney Adams
.‘lel/l lI'NIIISA’

lt‘tlrc tutti—nuclear movement does not It e
up to sortie hard questions and cottipromiscs.
it may revert into something that is merely
“l'ttn to do wltile the weather is nice." accor-
ditig to Moorehead C. Kennedy. .lr..a t'ormer
hostage in Iran. who spoke at Linton High
School in Schenectady.

Kennedy. a founder of the Cathedral ol‘
Peirce lnstittrte in New York City, addressed
1| group of about too on a “New View
of i’eaccrnakiitg."

Saying that "slogan ltas to he answered
with substance."Kennedy asserted. "it (the
rrtrclear threat) is not so sirrtple to resolve.
The peace movement has to confront the
ltigltl) technical rtatrrre ot‘ civili/atiort. they
could learn a lot from the environmental
moscmerrt. which has had to come to terms
with the fact that transportation and cor-
porations are necessary. The political process
of dialogue and compromise ltas to be taken
tttlsttlttttgc of.“ he said.

II' this question is not laced. Kennedy said.
the leaders of the pctth rnovcrtrctrt may t'ind
their constituent elements "answering dit'~
t‘crent questions in dil'l'erertt ways." l-‘ractttrc
within the movement will be very hard to
avoid. ltc added.

In the spring of 1982 the anti-nuclear pro-
tests pcaked with the Central Park rally. Kcrt-
rredy said. There was a great deal of optitriisttt
about ltow easily the threat of a nuclear
holocaust coirld he lil‘ted by a “mutual and
veriﬁable t'recvc," ltc said. This simple t‘or-
_

 

mtrla. according to Kennedy. “has the merit
of being the lowest common dcttorninator ."
The rally attracted a wide variety ot‘ gtttttps.
iticltidilig the ('ommtrnist i’arty. (iay libera-
tion. may other single issue gtotrps arttl
church groups. llrtrrdrcds of thousands oi
littlt-llllilltilctl L‘illi'L'll‘s also attended.

Kennedy stated that one question the peace
movement must aslr itself is what is really
meant by the word "peace."

There is inner peace. peace itt otrt hearts.
the peace which the Bible says 'passth all

rttitlerstanding.‘ if this is to he the goal for

the world. it doesn‘t mean triere reduction on
conflict. violcncc arid war." he asserted.

Kennedy stressed that peace is a process.
and Iltttt il' tltc goal is a world where l'tuce is
not necessary. negotiations must be bricked
up by force. though t'orec does not play .t
pritttary role. He cited as an csarrrplc the inci
dcnt ol‘ the U.S. Marine sslto challenged .ttr
lsrtrcli tank irt | cbariori. saying that the inci-
dent wtts a test of American Icsttl\e.

Kennedy stressed. however. that
Americans ttittst cltattgc their "must win" at-
titude. “in tile tltcre are no real \lcttrtics. \\'e
need to give in order to gel. \\'c irate Itr
t'cali/c that we can't be itr tltc right all the
time. Americans are brought up to be “in-
ricts; it produces a basis of cscclleticc itr ttlll
society. but when the drive to win is applied
to international al'l'aits it cart get its rtrto
serious trouble." he said.

l'ltc loose use of tlte word “ptctail” is
dangerous. according to Kennedy. “it either
side persists with the idca that it cart prevail.
it could lead to nuclear holocaust."

the point ol peace. said Kennedy. is lot
nations to develop tlictrisclvcs as far as posst~
blc. \\llltt)tt| impinging oti the rigltts of
others. and “peace doesn't mean ‘Ictoe me
alone‘." ltc added.

But disarrttrttncttt. said Kennedy. does not
mean that we have to be t'ricnds with the
Soviet llniort. “A littltlsllllctl tnatris is the
lscy.” We can still learn. he said. to trade

pericnce. and do not get enough otrt ot‘otlrer
cultures. a criticism he said that was trttc ol‘
foreign service personnel as well as tourists.

Kennedy said ltc would like to see a great
deal ttroic internatiortal education. “is
('tttltedtal ol' l'crtcc Institute pants to ltave
classes on host to develop greater sensitivity
to other cultures.

“\\'e need to instill a l'ccling that we how
something to learn I'rom other people.“ Kett-

what we hast ticcd iii order to attain what we
most desire. “On the basis ol' I'car artd sell-

irrtcrest there is \cry little that can‘t be rtedy s.iid.“\\'e need to get rid ot' the
Amer icarr setisc ol'impet ialism."

negotiated," Ite added.

[he peace tntnentcttt of today. according
to Kennedy. has .t trtttch dccpct t'octrs than
sitttpl) the antinuclear protest. llrctc is a
general I‘ecling that institutions or all sorts irr-
cltttline gotctttlttultl are not rrp rocoping nirh
t\\crtttctlt-terttttty problems. llns Ieelirrt'.
sairl Kcnticds. \\as yerretrrted “Its \’ictn.rtn.
and is led by a suspicion that (US) tndtrstrs
can't keep up with other countries."

l’coplc are no longer \\ illiny to rclocatc tot
companies. ls'ctittctl) tttltlcd. "\\'t"tt' ltlllsilli!
about a diminished tcspccl ttntl t‘cclitrg that
ortt institutions aren't dcalittg “hit our pio-
blcnrs. there‘s a I'ecling that it‘s not worth it
trujtnote. It‘s not \\ttl|ll satrrttcrng tor
.tttyrttore.”

\\'hrrt .'\Ills'|ls'rlll\ want is .r world where
they Icel contl'tutrrhlc. Kennedy said. l'to»
blcms \\lllLll we can‘t sol\c on ottr own terms
we avoid. according to Kenneth. and this
sort ot' isolationistrr is deep irt tltc .\rrtettcatt
character.

Atttcricaris try to cspoit their outt country M793'Qv‘eadlcl- Kennedy
abroad. Kennedy said. brrr the) do not pttt “I”. " "’"‘"""“

 

 

 

By Amy Kilgus

\/ II/ llIHII

 

  

, i re nt Reagan's first set of budget crtts hit New York
State rcsidctrts and local governments Itardcr than the state
itsclt‘. according to a New York State Study by lrcrre Lttric.
a prol'cssor at SUNY-Albatry. rind Sarah’ l.it.‘l1slitlll.. a
political science professor at SltNY-liroclvport.

The study cites tlrtce reasorts why the crtts lill residents
and local governtnetits hard. l‘irsl. the largcst expenditure
cuts were made iii the programs administered, from the
federal government directly to tltc residents ttittl local
governments rather tltttri in programs administered by the
federal government to the state. Second. the state passed
the cars it did receive on to local government arid residents.
'l'hird. tlr " atc did not increase its cspcnditttrcs to replace
ctrts in federal aid.

The report. which was dorte as part ol‘ a larger rtatiorral
stttdy. l‘ttrrtled by the lord l'tttlittlilllstli. is to be released irt
tltc l'uttrtc by Ricltartl Natlttrtt ol' the Princeton Urban and
Regional Research ('critcr. 'Ihc stttdy provides a tlcttiilcd

r:

   

 

look at the impact ol federal budget cuts on NYS govern-

ment rittd the local governments ot the ('iry ot‘ Rochester
and the Town of (ircccc.

According to the report. cuts itt progrartts itt which the
lands are givcti directly to local government or the in-
dividual parricipartts tltctttscl\'t.‘s. included a $309 rrtilliort
cttt l'or Comprehensive litnploymettt atttl l'rtrittittg Act
(L'li'l‘A) programs (a 5‘) percent cut). an estimated $l‘)5
rtrilliort ctrt for Food Stamps (an IX percent cttt). atrd $84
rtrilliorr for Trade Adjrrstritcnt Assistance (an 87 percent
cttt). ('laints t'or 'l'radc Adjustment Assistance, which gives
aid to workers who are unemployed due to import competi-
tiort. dropped l'totn 33.000 to 5.000.

local governments received the s‘li'l'A t'nnd cars since
they are its prirttc sponsor. the cuts. the study said, resulted
in the termination of over 60.000 program participants.
New. stricter eligibility rules for Hard Stamps directly
eliminated 8.000 Irorrseliolds. and other changes iii the
eligibility rules reduced bcttcl'its l‘ot almost all the rcntain~
ing 750.000 households receiving tltc aid. it said. ‘

“'l'lte unemployed and the working poor were most ai—
l'cctcd by these l'edcral changes." the pt'ol'essors clairrr itt
tltc report.

Local government bears brunt—Of budget cuts

l‘wo of tire largest ctrts - ('l: l‘A and trade \djtrstmcn
Assistance -<— had a quick and direct ct't‘cct "on the
ttncttiployctl. l’t'ogrnm changes in tooq Stamps and Aid to
l-‘atnilics with Dcpcttdettt‘ ('lrildtcrt (:\l‘|)(') were designed
to redttcc bencl'its given to families \\llll earnings —— the

working poor. Reduced tttrtilabtlity ol' daycare, l'trtttled
' ttrrdcr the Social Services block grant. also directly ttl'l‘ectcd

the working poor. they said.

in general. state government was less burdened by the
chcral cuts than were residents ot‘ New York and local
governmcuts/tttrthor'itics. according to Little and
Licbscltntl. ('itts to the State itscll' having the greatest ei-
t'ect were the $59 million cttt in federal lands for Title XX
Social services (a 14 pctccrit cut); cuts totaling approx-
imately $ [00 rrtilliott over the two-year period Federal Fiscal
Year (Fl’Y) |9ti| arid H‘Y Will (a 15 percctrt cttt) to
elementary and secondary education; and $7 tnillioti reduc-
tiort in funds l'or‘ctttploytttcnt service activitics (a l0pct'cent
cut). Smaller cuts were also made it) AFDC. arid child
nutrition and health programs. according to the study.

l.ttric atttl l.icbsclttit/. also said the $550 del'icit iii the

 

 

 

 

