   

 

 

 

 

-- —.»-—A..._..._., ‘5

.._._....,_..v_.... ....u..... ..~_.-...‘U-._...._... w .. u-.-.... -.........- k. ....

.v. many“ an. away-1..."...—

 

- .....—-r>d..m«~n E-m’cr'v- *xt-mrvﬂ»-.- “in -W v. -,.

 

 

 

 

  

  
   
     
   
     
    
    
    
   
   
     
   
     
   
     
 
  
  

 

  

 

'6.

,me

 *.

 

  

   

"as 1.5. .. ». Wm.

 

   

 

3, T};.¢.-.‘1...
was

 

    
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
 
    
 
 
  
 

 

 

 

here was a group of people standing along the

sidewalk in no particular order. As i looked up. i

realized they were looking at me. The looks on
their faces were not of interest or acceptance but judge-
ment. Then i saw the face of my deceased mother. l
began to fall. The sidewalk dissappeared and there was
nothing left to stop me as I accelerated faster and faster
into the void,

i looked over at the clock — 7:47 am. i had always
heard those National Inquirer type horror stories which
claimed it you begin to fall in a dream and hit bottom.
you will die some mystical death. Bullshit. But then
agatri i woke up before i hit bottom.ﬂWho lull“

 

Wayne Peereboom

l thrashed arouii ii bed a bit. l hadn't been able to
sleep more than 20 niinrites at a ttriie for the whole
night. This was it. trying to sleep was useless. I got up
and threw some coffee on the strive brtt realized We
Were out of milk. Time for a trip to the store. [sat down
on the couch and prri on my sneakers.

It was overcast and cold for April. The tiiorirtiig rush
hour was in full force as nameless people In nameless
cars wlilzzed down the forulane avenue. ieavirig only
the smell of exhaust behind. The work-a—day world.

Down a side street. an obese man was swearing at
somebody sitting in a car. A line of cars was starting to
build up behind I figured it was just a quarrel between
trterrds until I saw him walk up to the next car and do the
same thing The line slowly drove by and he was waving
his arms and screaming at each car with a wide array of
curses.

Some of the people at a bus stop on the corner were
practically on the gmrrnrl laughing while others just wat-
ciied sadly.

As the riiari got closer l began to wonder what l'd do if
he started his obscenity act with me. As I devised a plan
of action. he just walked by without noticing me. He
turned down the avenue and began walking on the
yellow double line in the middle. of the road. l stood
there for a while and watched him walk away as the traf-
fic dodged him. and then went on my way.

i had no definite destination in mind as l headed
toward the part of town that featured second hand
stores and sleazy diners. ljust hoped to wander around
for a while. and head back home and hopefully get
some sleep finally. i felt sort of spacy from a lack of sleep
and l was sure i looked like hell but i really didn‘t give a
shit.

i felt like l was seeing another side of life. Normally l
was getting up when these people were getting home
from work. not going to it. i did spend two years getting
up at 5:30 every morning and going to work in a fac‘
tory. The morning rush hour brought back a bit of
nostalgia for those days. it didn't last long.

i came across a place called Carey's Diner (had our
former governor gone itito the food business?) which
used to be part of an ill-fated fast food hamburger chain. -
Anyway Carey. or Hugh If you prefer. had a breakfast
special of eggs. toast and coffee for the low price of only
80 cents. l dug into my pocket and found two quarters,
a couple dimes. a nickle and three pennies. l wondered
what ol' Hugh'd think about extending me two cents
credit. Probably not too much in light of the fact that l'd
never been in the place before. it was one of those times
when it would have been nice to be a regular. But then
again. was it really worth being a regular In a place like
that so that i could get two cents credit?

Anyway. about half a block later a dayglow yellow
and orange sign in a bar window caught my attention.
Those were awfully obnoxious colors. especially for that
time of morning. But then i read what the sign said:
“Happy Hour 8 to it) am. 25 cent drafts." Yes. alcohol
the elixir of sleep. l'd down a couple cold ones. go
home get some sleep and start the damn day over
again. ,

There were four or five men iii the place. I had trou-
ble getting the bartender because sortie guy standing or
the end of the bar was talking his ear off about how
some friend should be on some softball team. The mart
sitting next to me was reading the morning paper. ()n
the bar in front of him sat a shot and a beer. I wondered
if it was a morning ritual for him.

“Good Morning America" was on the black and white
TV. i found it hard to take David Hartman seriously
especially after he was on that TV series about super
doctors. Actually i never heard of anyone who's a big
fan of his. Somebody must like him, though. even if it's
only the daughter of a network executive.

i kept 5.. eye on the television set hoping for the local

 

   

h

tr, .. mi .

ography by Leslie Fratkin

 
   

 

 

weather report from Betty and her wonderdog I‘wlr
(Author's note: For those of you who are not farirrlmi
with Betty and Moo, and i imagine there are quite a li‘-'»
of you. they are a woman and. yes, her dog who at“
regulars on a local morning news program),

Hartman was getttiig boring and l was getting lllt'tl w?
waiting for Betty and Moo. My mind began to drift lit '
ty and Moo ~ Murder/Suicide at the liinpire Sratt' l’ur
forming Arts Center. Watch Betty shoot her rliuj at it
then iierselfi Tickets $4.00 in advance. “if; tilt at ri-
dooi. Proceeds to go to Concerned Cllllt‘tis ltrt lieu-r
Local TV.

I finally gave up and went to the bathroom I
WiIS the usual graffiti: Toni sucks. .lane blow» Spot s tit»
asshole. etc... Many bar owners have been waging “
war against graffiti recently. however. by putting iowtli
lumber on the walls. The graffiti people haw lh'w
fighting back. though, by arming themselves with lard"
magic markers. Others. however. have been ttirtlt’ Ht
Ventive. At a local club i saw a young titan cut his i'lbor'.
and proceed to write his name in blood on the Pull"i

llitli

 

 

rowel dispenser.

Rough wood walls are one of the few innovations l've
noticed in public restrooms over the past few years.

One thing that has always bothered me about men‘s
triflllTS is uriirals. They aren't necessary. If they were
necessary. then l'd imagine home bathrooms would
.nit:lt be armed with one. right? How many home
iathrooms have you seen equipped with a urinal?

Another explanation could be that they are less ex
pensrve. The things use less porcelain and you don't
‘wrve to build partitions between them, lint if cost is the
ir'asorr. why not skip urinals all together and hutld
iv‘siitmtns with just toilets and partitiriiisVl‘heii
wouldn't be necessary to have botli women's and men's
moms You could have unisex public restrooms. It's got
M be Cheaper to build one bathroom instead of two.

i think to get to the real reason for the continued use
of urinals. you have to look at who's benefiting financial-
iv frorri their use. You have to follow the buck. Most ob~
\ltlllSly. you have the manufacturers. This includes
~|Ul3ltlrolders. company presidents. managers and pro

.. . git.

bably hundreds if not thousands of production workers

. whose jobs depend on the use of the urinal. And this is
not all. There's truckers who move the urinals 1— enter
the teamsters. Then there's the wholesalers who proA
bably have thousands of urinals stocked in warehouses
throughout the country and even in Canada and
possibly Mexico. All in all there are a lot of people
who have a vested interest in seeing that urinals con-
tlnue to be used.

To me this spells one thing — p-I-ovt. And i know the
organization responsible: the Bathroom l-‘txture
Mariufacters of America. better known as the BFMA
When it comes to bathrooms. these people are the
equivalent of the Trilateral C(tlltlillsslttii. The seven of
them meet fortr times a year in the presidential suite of
the Cinnctiiati Hilton. When it comes to batlirootiis,
their goal is to irtirintain the status quo, They are
ruthless. brutal people who stop at nothing to get what
they want.

When I made it back to my stool. I found a fresh 2ft

cent beer in a dirty glass I‘laitrnan was doing a remote
interview with some dignitary who will remain nameless
since i don't remember who it was. i just Wished they'd
put on a sit-com or anything ()1' Davey boy was starting
to wear on my nerves. Anyway. it didn't take too lung
[or a sleepless. paranoid mind like tntiie to go back to
the subject of bathrooms:
Boston. Mass. 1972  Me and some friends had come
down here to take in a Dead show at the Boston
Garden. Afterwards there was a party at siiiiieone's
sister's apartment. Seeing as the package stores rinse
early and that was the only place to brry beer. we had
stocked rip ahead of time  well The refrigerator was
loaded with six-packs of beer One cram with a head frrll
of acid was running around the kitchen and opening up
the cabltrets while yelling. “Mom? Are you in there.
Mom?" He was last seen tiyirrg to clttiib rip the side of a
Church in downtown Boston.

Somehow. over the course of the iiiglil about it) of us
ended up in the bathroom with a case of beer. People
came and went. Before long the bathroom became the
apex of the party,

Bathrooms have to be the riiost ignored area in any
home. apartment. restaurant, bar or whatever The way
people allow them to deteriorate shows where their
values are, You rarely hear people talk about the
bathroom of a place unless it is exceptionally rotten or
lavish. While real estate ads may describe several rooms
In a dwelling. they never go beyond bath. or one and a
half baths. when It come to the “rest” facilities.

Of the magazines on home design that l've seen ——
stuff like Modern Home — We never seen a bathroom
on the cover. There's huge kitchens and living rooms
with exotic fireplaces. but never a bathroom. But then
again why should they feature bathrooms? There have
been few major changes in bathroom fixtures and
design over the past twenty years. If there have been
changes. they have yet to hit the mainstream. All toilets
are basically the same. altltough the style may vary a bit.
Tire same goes for sinks. bathtubs. and showers.

l believe there is a couple of possible reasons for this.
It may be that bright young engineering students just
aren't going into bathroom fixture design. There's pro-
bably not riiuch prestige or money in it. Can you im»
agine a new RPI graduate going home at Thanksgiving
and telling the family that he or she is going into toilet
design? The satire probably goes for architecture
students. Can you imagine someone asktiig Edward
Durrel Stone to design a bathroom?

Maybe the BFMA should go on a massive public rela-
tions campaign # design a new logo. start recruiting
engineering school graduates. and generally improve
the image of bathrooms. I may be signing my death warv
rant with what I'm about to say. but what the hell.
Bl-‘MA is obviously a stagnant organization. It's probably
a bunch of stuffy old creeps who arttoriiatically ostiasize
people who “rock the boat" and propose sorrrething
new arid different at their yearly conventions in Cincin~
nati. Well. now it's said

i finished my beer and decided it was. ittttr‘ to get out
of the bai. it was getting kind of smokey in there and
besides. Richard Simiitoiis' bright cheery face had just
made an appeaiant‘e on the TV screen. It was more
iliati I could handle.

i heard iin housemate yell and l sat up quickly. I was
itllll(llSUt'lcl1lL'(l at first. The house was kitid of smokey
and l was lying on the couch with my shoes on. Thenl
realized 1 ltad fallen asleep 'and left the coffee on the
stove. The coffee arid the pot burned. “Son of a bitch"!
outlined as I made my way to the bathroom. i .

 

 

  
    
 

  

 

   

  

  
 
 
  
    
     
    
    
 
 

  

rm.

  
 
  
 

w. c...

-g_c

 

   

Erik

"iwmyr~~.»

 

 

 

 

 

 

