 

 

I .
l

 

A.mA-.,,~,‘_

2. Sports October ALBANY STUDENT PRESS :1 OCTOBER 18, i983

 

From the Editor -

f Until last year, it had been 28 years since the Capital District area had a pro-
essional team it could call it’s own. Then in less than a year, Albany was
presented With two franchises and according to County Executive Jim Coyne a
third one might be on the way.

First came the Albany Patroons of the Continental Basketball Association.
The Pats, despite their losing record were winners in the stands, setting CBA at-
tendence marks In their first season. As the team gets ready to begin their
soghomore year they have already surpassed last year’s season tickets sales
lan are expected to total more than 1000 season ticket buyers. in addition, just
ast week the CBA announced a working agreement with the National Basket-
ball Association to allow CBA teams to affiliate themselves with NBA clubs.

The Albany-Colonie A’s, the Class AA farm team ofthe Oakland A's despite a
iggg'ydséag hatve establisned tpemselves in the Capital District area. A losing
no reventt em '
th'eir ﬂew homep Heritage Parkr-om drawrng 200,000 people, most of them to
n t e centerfold spread, writers Marc Berman and Mark Wil ard re on 0
these two teams, how they developed and what lies in the futurS. Sandi/)vicheii
between these two stories is an interview with Albany County Executive Jim
Coyne. Coyne has played an instrumental role in bringing pro sports back to

_ this area.

This is our second su l '
pp ement of the year and we have retained several
feaftures from our premiere issue which we hope to keep as regular installments
Alsutiubre itsls'ueg. Thelse include our outdoors guide. This issue, Tom Kacandes
Cr es e est paces to go hiking and camp’1 in the vicint Ne t
heowril preview the best skiing spots. 8 y. x month
nce again, we are running to columns one by columnist Ma k L '
the other by Alan Somkin Next month w I ' r evme and
. e w
COlumniSL ill run a column by another guest
Next month’s supplement will be an ex '
. ‘ panded issue as we present a s ecial
:asketball prevrew. BeSides the regular men’s basketball preview we willjhave
t e first ever women’s basketball preview featuring the new SUNYAC Con-
ference setup and features on Dane players and coaches.

W M/ “g  Jou,

 

 

Contents J

3 BASEBALL 1983: A LOOK BACK
Alan Sornkin looks back at some ofthi‘s season '5 finest in-
divirlual performances from Rlpken to Schmidt.

3 ’MY WINNERS AND LOSERS IN
SPORTS

Abl' columnist Mark levine lists his likes and dislikes in
the world of sports, with Reggie lackson near the top or
the list and Iiilly Smith at the bottom.

4 COVER STORY: PRO SPORTS RETURN
TO ALBANY

Three reports on the return of professional sports to the
('apria/ Itistrit t after a M year hiatus. Marc lierinan erft's
on the AlhanyAt'olonie A’s, the Double A baseball l'rarr
(line in the .irea. Mark Wilgard reports on the ('IiA's
Albany l’atrooris and Marc Scliwarr interviews Albany
County lxerutive linr Coyne, the mart responsible for
thew teams.

7 HIKING AND CAMPING IN
CAPITALAND

' (Io take a hike! If you're really interested, loin
Aar ant/es (lest ribes the best hiking and camping loi .ilIttlls
in the area.

8 THE INTRAMURAL REPORT

Standings of all the softball divisions as of October l..‘ as
well as AMI/l news.

Photos: -

Cover photo of Mark Ferguson and centerfold shots of
Albany A’s, Albany Patroon’s and Jim Coyne reprinted
Wllit permission of Capital District Newspapers.

PS: page 7, page 8 (Sue Mindich)
Page 3 photo by Mark Levine.

 

 

  

'\

   

T3
tafiZQn-qus'zican
student 04[[£ai2ce

Important Meeting

—————i
TONIGHT
Campus Center 361
7 P.m.

 

 

I SA Funded

 

 

Willi lilo smart litillﬂﬂﬂ student

Jobs are tough after college. Just ask

any recent Brad who went out into the world
armed only with u diploma. So. why not get
ah’fadlofRyour clnsu while you're still in

so no. i

Life".worl:istll::a\:- Northwestern Mutual

in individual lift) insurance.
Programs that let you earn

i8 CII'I‘YIIIU lilo" til".

  

. .
We ll train you through one of our local
agencies. We ll give you the utltttttitlllﬂttl
you need to muice money riglii' now. “itlll

how valuable tiiut tr ' ' "II I
at company specializing and n ' “mum “I w m W“-
prosieeli - l r H L “4

"has [mummy cu“: J vr. cmploycr. flunk uh l(l
whilc you learn. liill Newman,
Bryan Thomas.
or Paul Steffen ut
7B5-4i4i

Tth-s (trinity m

t lirilontm Illlll tm Imme- til-mi III-III" It

still in college. And when you grucluaie. tluiil

J

 

JUNIORS, SENIORS,
GRADUATE STUDENTS

SELF —- NOMINATION FOIWIS
AIE AVAILABLE FOR; :

 

WHO’S WHO AMONG
. STUDENTS In AMERICAN
UNIVEIBI‘I'IES 8. COLLEGES
Campus Center Information Desk

or Student Affairs - AD I 29/
DllE Friday, November 4 5:00 P'M'

 

 

 

 

WE HAVE ALL YOUR
INTRAMURAL SPORTS NEEDS

JETJLEC HOCKEY
- FTBALL EQUIPMENT
-T-SHIRTS' JERSEYS IN STOCK

-LETTERING DONE 0N P ‘
(all at school prices) REMISES

-SPORTS SHOES

110 CENTRAL AVE.

ALBANY .
NY. 46,-2211

 

 

 

 

By ALAN SOMKIN

Sports Writer

One of the main reasons the Philadelphia
Phillies and the Baltimore Orioles .ire in the
World Series is because they received major
contributions from “role” players. These
players were not able to achieve the im-
pressive statistics because they only played
part of the time, but they are a main reason
these two learns are in the series. However.
there were many outstanding performances
turned in by major leaguers in both leagues
this past season.

First, a look at the American League. For
the secoan straight season, it looks like .i
shortstop will win the AL Most Valuable
Player Awarrl. Cal Ripken, Jr. had an outstan-
ding year for the Orioles at shortstop in
leading the league in fielding chances .ind
hits (2”). Ripken also managed to drive in
and score over IOI) runs while batting .iltt.
Rlpken's main competition for the MVP
Award will come from teammate l.ddie Mur-
ray. Murray boasled .i .itio average while
having 33 home runs and lil Kills. Oddly
enough, these were the only two players
(with the exception of sec ond baseman Rich
Dauer) who did not platoon in the ()riole
lineth this year.

The most productive double play time
bination in years helped the Detroit Tigers to
a second-place finish in the American
League east. Lou Whitaker (.320) anti Alan
Trammell (.3l9) were third and focirth in the
league in batting. The tandem combined for
nearly 400 hits.

The player to boast the most impressive
slots in either league was Red Sox leftfielder
Jim Rice. Rice led the American League in
three offensive categories: home runs (39),
RBIs (l26, tied with Cecil Cooper of
Milwaukee) and slugging percentage. He
also batted .305.

 

 

OCTOBER 18, 1983 [J ALBANY STUDENT PRESS Sports October 3

Baseball 1983: A look back

The Red Sox also received a great year
from third baseman Wade Boggs. Boggs led
the major leagues in batting with a .361
average while collecting 210 hits.

The Yankees‘ Dave Winfield turned in im-
pressive numbers this year (32 HRS, lib
RBIs) although he was heard from more with
his mouth than with his bat. Winfield made
sure everyone knew how great a year he was
having, especially the press,

Carlton Fisk. Uri-g Luzinski and AL Rookie-
of-the-Year candidate Ron Kittie supplied
right-handed firepower for the White Sox to
the tune of 9.1 home runs. l'Isk, who was bat-
ting below .200 in mid-June, silenced all the
critics who said he was through by finishing
up batting .289 with 26 homers and Bf) RBIs.
Kittie finished the year with IS lle, the so
cond highest total ever for .i rookie (Frank
Robinson had .IB).

Kittle’s two adversaries for Rookie-of—tbe-
Year are Baltimore pitcher Mike liodtlit ker
.iiid ('leveland shortstop Julio l'ranco. liod~
clicker finished with a ltr-tl record and a 2.77
li.R./’\., good for second in the league. He
also led the majors with live shutouts. lran»
co, obtained from the l’hillies before the
season for Von iiayes, batted .277 while
driving in tit) runs.

Although Bodcllcker has .i legitimate
chance .it the Cy Young Award, Chicago
righthander Lamar I Itin has a leg up on him
and on the rest of the league. lloyt led .i
quartet of American League HO-game win-
ners, posting 24 \uctories. Rich Dotson (22).
Ron Guidry (21), and Jack Morris(2t)) were
the other three.

Possibly the best pitching performance was
turned in by Kansas City relief ace Dan
Quisenberry. Quisenberry had more saves
than the goaltenders' in an Edmonton and
Winnipeg hockey game. His 45 saves are .i
major league record. ’

Turning to the National League, Dale Mur-

phy had a Willie Mays-type year down in
Atlanta. He became the first player in the NL
to join the 30-30 club (30 home runs, 30
steals) since Bobby Bonds in the early 19705.
Murphy also batted over .300, drove in 12]
runs and scored 13l. With numbers like
these, he’s got to be a shoe-in for the MVP.

The Montreal Expos produced two players
with outstanding statistics this year. Leadoff
hitter Tim Raines led the major leagues in
runs scored With i3} while stealing 91 bases.
Centerfielder Andre Dawson finished the
year with 32 lle, and lift RBIs, and batted
.299. If it weren't for the Mets (he batted
close to .i()() against the Mets in iii games),
Dawson could have won the batting title.

Mike SI hmitlt once again led the league in
home runs with 40 round-toppers. He has
now averaged over l5 home runs a year over
the past ten seasons. Schmidt was not the on-
ly one of the "Wheeze Kids" who took his
(ieritol this year in Philadelphia. Pitcher
Steve Carlton joined an elite group in not-
chmg his itxtth victory of his career this
season. Carlton also led the major league in
strikeouts WIIlI 275 to become tops on thcI
all-time list in career strikeouts. However, it
looks like somebody else on the Phillies staff
Will wm the Cy Young Award. John Denny,
rebounding from .i year in (flevelanrl where
he suliered from injuries and management
problems, won ll out of his last i] decisions
.ian finished with a l‘l-(i record overall. Den-
ny was second among NL starters in E.R.A.
Willi .i 1. l7 mark.

the man who appeared to have the Cy
Young Award in his hip pocket in August was
Mets reliever Jessie ()rosco. Orosco tallied
nine wins in a row during one stretch and
never seemed to give up a run. l'lowever, an
elbow injury slowed him down the last cou-
ple of weeks of the season and all but killed
his chances at the award. ()rosco finished
with .i quite impressive 1.47 ERA.

Despite the Mets' umteenth dismal season
in a row, there were two more bright spots
on the team. Darryl Strawberry (26 HR's, 74
RBl’s) has the Rookie-of-the-Year award
locked up despite Opposition by Mel Hall of
Chicago, Craig McMurtry f Atlanta and
Greg Brock of Los Angeles. 5 rawberry com-
piled these stats after missing the first month
of the season playing in Tidewater and strik-
ing out vinually every time up the first month
with New York

The Mets‘ other bright spot this year was
pinch-hitter extraordinaire Rusty Staub.
Stacib tied the all-time record for RBt's for
pinch-hitter (25) on his last at-bat of d-
season, a two-run double.

Other notable performances in the Na-
tional League were turned in by Bill Madlock
(. iz'li, who won his fourth batting title, and
Pedro Guerrero, who led the N.l.. West
champion Dodgers in home runs ('12) and
Rlil's llfiil.

the comebac k of the year award has to go
to Toronto pitcher Doyle Alexander. Alex-
ander lost his first eight decisions while pit—
c hing for both the Yankees and Blue Jays. His
pitching failures had led Yankee owner
(ieorge Steinbrenner to say, "I'm afraid to
put my players in the field behind him. They
might get hurt." llowever, Doyle turned it
around and won his last seven decisions.

Question: Who finished dead last in the
American League in batting this year! The
answer is none other than Reggie Jackson.
l’oor Reggie hit .1 measly .i94 and hit only
one borne run after the all»star break.

i‘ttti marked the final season for two
future inductees to the Hall of Fame, Cincin-
nati's Johnny Bench and Boston's Carl
Yastremski. An amaling thing about these
two superstars is that they both played their
entire careers with the same team. Both
home towns bad days in honor of their local

hero.

My winners and losers in sports

By MARK LEVINE

Associate Sports lclitor

This is a funny time of year for me as far as sports goes.
It’s one of those few instances where I’m in sort of a lull.
For me, at least, lhere’s not much to follow.

For one thing, baseball is finished. lior a while, anyway,
there's no more checking the Angels’ boxscore to see how
Reggie did. No more betting my brother two slices of pill-t
that Ozzie Smith would be on This Week in Baseball mak-
ing a great defensive play, a bet that I won about 75 per-
cent of the time. No more pine tar controversies, either.

There is football, but that’s only once a week. Sure, it's
fun on Sunday afternoons, but it's not like a pennant race,
where for two months every day is a‘ big game.

Then‘ there's hockey and pro basketball, which are
meaningless until sometime around finals week next
semester. At this point of the year I think l'cl rather watch
the flight of a golf ball.

50, until college basketball begins, it’s sort of my off»
season. Time to work on my off-season weight-training pro-
gram and get in shape for college hoops, which dominates
my life from November to March.

What I’ve decided to do is prepare a list of my likes and
dislikes in the world of sports.

As I mentioned, i like college basketball. A lot. There is
such an overabundance of talent all over the country that I
don’t r-ially care who’s playing, I’ll watch the game
anyway. I love emotions in sports, and nowhere is this
more evident than in college hoops. Every game is a hap-
pening, an event. The borne crowd is as loud in November
as it is in March. The NCAA Tournament is one of my
favorite times of the year. ESPN and | become one and the
same during the early rounds.

I don’t like Larry Brown, the coach of the UCLA Bruins. I
mean the New Jersey Nets. i mean the Kansas Jayhawks. I
mean he should make up his mind and stop screwing up
the different teams he, decides to drop in on for a few days
and teach them a little bit about basketball. The way he
decided to leave the Nets in the middle of their playoff
drive last year was a low-class act that had a terrible effect
on a potentially great team. What made it worse was the
fact that he was doing a super job. I hope Kansas goes 0
and 25 this year.

I like Michael Jordan, probably the greatest basketball
player I’ve ever seen. On a scale from one to ten measur-
ing skill, he’s about tOO. In my book, the play of the year

 

 

Carling Bassett ranks high on Levine’s
list of favorites.

 

 

 

a...
.

A ﬁt

last year was when he put a Ralph Sampson turnaround
jumpshot into the second row of seatsWhen i watch him
play, the only thing I do is laugh. That‘s it r i sit and laugh.
Unless he makes such a great play that he brings me out of
my seat. In that case I stand and laugh.

I don't like the fact that Reggie Jackson didn't bat his
weight this year. Every time I checked for him in the
Angels" boxscore, here’s what I saw: Relcksn rf 4 0 0 0.
What a frustrating year. And to think I had visions of him
hitting number 500. Mark my words, though: he's not
finished. He's got too much class to end his career in such
an anticlimactic way.

I'm a big fan of Wayne Gretzky, also known as the NHL
scoring race. I know Bryan Trottier is a better two~way
player, and i know the Islanders have four Stanley Cups.
But The Great One has done more in his first four years in
the league than anybody else. No other person, in anv

   

sport, has been mentioned as possibly the greatest player
of all time after playing for only four years. if there is
anybody around who is more valuable to his team and to
his sport than he is, drop me .i notc- ancl let me know who it
is, because I’ve tIt'\t'i heard about him.

I don't like the will llac ker of the Year, Billy Smith of
the islanders. this goes right along With the previous
paragraph, but I never liked Smith anyway. Maybe Gretzky
did an tip a little bit last year when Smith hit him with his
stick. I don't think that’s the point. You can't tell me
Smith's not a (ht-upshot artist who swings his stick any
place he pleases and tries to hit people with it. He's a ter-
rific goalie and id love him on my team, but it's people
like him who gne hockey .i bad name. I hope that one
game he gets Cooper or Koho plastered across his teeth
.ind he has to eat eggs .ind Jello tor a months

I love watching ()z/ie Smith play shortstop. i could do it
all day long. the man is .1 human highlight film. If any of
you Mets fans saw the play he made on George Foster this
summer, you’ll know what l’m talkmg about. His range
goes from behind the second base bag to Kentucky.

I hate when football teams waste timeouts. You knou
what I'm referring to. The offensive team breaks out of the
huddle, the receivers and running backs are running every
.vhich way, the quarterback looks up and doesn't unders-
.and the defense, he ducks cinder center, then pulls out
ind makes his hands look like a T. How many times have
you seen that happen, and then it comes back to haunt a
team in the ﬁnal two minutes?

i love the US. Open Tennis Tournament. This is my
favorite time of year. i practic. l'y have my mail sent to the

' National Tennis Center for two weeks. it‘s a great at—

mosphere, an outstanding facility, and i love watching top-
quality tennis. This year i had the pleasure ofsitting next to
Carling Bassc-tt, the ifs-year-old honey who’s going to be a
star someday soon, as she was waiting to play her match.
Right now, a five-year age differential may seem like a lot.
But ten years from now, if we're married, I’ll be 3] and
she'll be 26, and who will know the difference?

Finally, I like Mike Lupica of the Daily News, my favorite
sportswriter of all time and my biggest idol. It’s his style and
knowledge that inspired me to write this column.

NOTE: The results of my baseball question from a couple
of weeks ago are in. The consensus has Dave Righetti as
the pitcher, Cal Ripken as the infielder, and Darryl
Strawberry as the outﬁelder. I agree on the infielder and
pitcher, but my outfielder is Rickey Henderson. Thanks for
answering. Ci

 

 

