.. _ - 1...;- mm

a

.85 ASPECTS FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 23. t9

pectrum

music

New York City Cale ll (459-9326)

Sept 23-25—8084; 27—Robert Gordon:
28—Our Daughter's Wedding; Oct 3—The
Rockats‘& the Works; Oct lO—Bongos: Oct
12—Suburba

Ilnlla Baloo (436- 1640)

mm"). (489-8066)
Sept 23, 24—Reckieae Romance

Gaul-l Jan Cale (462-0044)

Lark Tavern (463-9779)

Sept 23. 24—Rosmankow Brothers:
28—Steve Hopkins; 29-'—Dennls D'Asaro:
Sept 30. Oct 1—LaPiant 8r. Pound; Oct
‘S—Ruth Thompson: Oct 6—Gina DiMaggio

Eljktk Step Collee llonse (434-1703)
every Tues nlte—Open stage for anyone for
15 minutes: ‘Sept 23—Contradance with
Susan Elberger; 24—Paul Kaplan;
28—Open poetry reading; 29—iilm. "Sun
Demon"; Oct 7—Cathy Winter

Tl.e Ckataan Lounge (465-9086)
Sept 23—Black Sheep; 24—Neighborhoods

Cagnev’s (463-9402)

Sklnllluta (436-8301)

Palace Theatre (465-3333)
Oct 11—Hot Tuna. BHCP

N Clancy's (462-9623)
Sept 23. 24—The Mob; 25—The Sharks

288 Lark (462-9148) ‘
DJ on weekends; Sept 28—-'i'he Watch: Oct
4—Screamlng Urge; 5—lebo Race;
6~—Operation Pluto; 1-1-7-Jeannle Smith
and the Hurricanes; l2—Cost of Living;

Clnnamou’s (at-Albany Hilton: 462-6611)
Sept 23-25—Ed Marks

Skyway (Scotla: 399-4922)

Sept 23—Penny Knight: 24—Steve Mar-
riott's Humble Pie: Oct 5—Aivin Lee;
12—REM; 14—-Steve Smlth. drummer in
Journey

Colleen- ‘I’lseatre .(Latham: 785-3393)
Sept 24—Rodney Dangerﬁeld; Oct 1—Little
Anthony. The Mystics and the Cieftones.

Albany Iastltats ol History and Art
(463-4478)

Sept 6 thru Oct ISO—Dutch Paintings In the
Age of Rembrandt from the Metropolitan
Museum of Art

“to”. Gallery (College of St. Rose. 324
State St.. Albany. 454-5185)
Faculty Exhibition

Rathboru Gallery (JCA: 445-1778)
Sept 26-Oct 14—Claudla de Monte

llalllnoon Cale (154 Madison Ave)
Untll Sept 30—Lori Lawrence: Bits & Pieces

Historical Society lor Early
Amsrlcan Decoration. Inc. (462-1676)
Untll June '84—The Ornamental Painter.
The Flowering of Tin

New York State Museum (474-5842)
Sept 10-Oct 30—Seneca Ray Stoddard:
Adirondack illustrator; until Jan 1—Com-
munlty industries of the Shakers . . . A New
Look; until Oct 2—Chlnese Laundry
Workers in NYC; Adirondack Wilderness.
New York Metropolis. World of Gems.
Firefighting Exhibit

SUNYA Art Gallery (457-3375)

 

13—The Watch; 18. 19—Operation Pluto I

New Decorative Art: works by N. Graves.

Stella. Samaras', Bengiis. others; Sept
13-Oct 9—photos by Rollie McKenna

New York State Museum (474-5842)
Sept 10-Oct 30—Seneca Ray Stoddard:
.Adlrondack illustrator; until Jan l—Com-
munlty industries of the Shakers . . . A New
Look: until Oct
Workers in NYC; Adirondack Wilderness.
New York Metropolis. World of Gems.
Firefighting Exhibit

SUNYA Art Gallery (457-3375)
New Decorative Art: works by N. Graves.
Stella, Samaras. Benglts. others; Sept

i 13-Oct 9—photos by Rollie McKenna

theatre

ESIPA (The E: 473-3750)

The Ail-Time Good-Time Knickerbocker
Follies (interpreted for the hearing im-
paired—Sept 23 at 10am and 8pm. Sept 24
at 8pm; Oct 9—These Are Women by Claire
Bloom. main theatre: Our Town-Oct 14
preview. Oct 16, 17 19-22. call for times
(473-4020)

SUNYA PAC (457-8606)

Three Faces by Checkhov: one-man show
with Jaroslaw Stremmlen—lecture by Prof.
Jarka Burlan, Recital Hall on Sept 23 at
8:30pm; The Mikado—Sept 23-25; The
Glass Menagerie. Oct 4-8 at 8 pm in the Lab
Theatre: Elisa Monte Dance Co. ——Sept 30 8:.
Oct 1 at 8pm; The Glass Menagerie—Oct
4-8 at 8pm in the Lab Theatre; Serenades.
music iacuity showcase concert—Oct 8 at
8pm; The Wool Gatherer—Oct 11-15 at
8pm in the Lab Theatre $3 w/SUNYIID

Coliseum Theatre (785-3393)
Rodney Dangerfield—Sept 24

Proctor's Theatre (382-1083)

Red Skelton—Sept 24: Pump Boys Br Dinet-
tes—Sept 30. Oct 1-2; Evita—Oct 3-5 at
8pm; Jerry's Girls—Oct 21 at 8pm 8L Oct 22

2—Chlnese Laundry.

at 2pm. 8pm: Amadeus—Sept 22 at 8p

3... emu Theatre (436-4428)
Paul Zaloomb. Steve Fisher comic pert
mance-Sept 26

Capital lisp (462-4534)
The Glass Menagerie—Oct 29-Nov 20

Glenn College (783-2372)
Hamlet—Oct 7 at 8pm in Foy Cam
Center Theatre

miscellaneous

(Psychic) Development. Joe Gulce Oct 12
7pm. free

Bethlehem Public Library-Haunt
Houses/Haunted Heroes: The Experlen
of Contemporary Fiction with M

Arensberg. Sept 22. 29, Oct 13. 27 & N
10. 17. $20 per person or $35 for two. c
457-3907 for more info

Albany County Trleentennl
Festival at Empire State Plaza on Sept
from noon to 9pm-—crafts, exhibits. to
fireworks. clowns. etc. call 462-8711

Lark St "A Happening" prior to Larkie
live conceptual painting by the public to lo

30 at midnight

Performing Arte Loft at 286 Cent
Ave. between Quail and Lake (465-550
nights) is a free, non-profit arts org. oiieri
the following sessions: Modern Dan
(Thurs. 7-8:30pm); Children‘s Dance (Tu
& Thurs. 4:30-5:30pm); Middle Easte
Dance (Mon. 7-8:30pm); T'ai Chi (We
7-9pm); Stretch 8t. Strength (Wed 6-6:45
and Thurs 6—6z45pm): Movement ,Grou
The inner Dance (Tues 6:30-8pm); at
Middle Eastern Aerobics (Mon 6-7pm).

sessions last 10 weeks. .I "

 

 

 

m and suit-7w. musical comedy. The Mikado. will be mud r- at. ‘
“I'keatsr. ol the state University ruler-leg Arts Center Prld ‘
[5 Sunday. September 1525 at In. p...

 S VVTBY R.A.HAYES

LOUNY AND THE MEN

WHlTE SUITS ARE CitilrdtngE
TO PUT AWAY

as in" ‘

\_.

O

 

 

 

[THIS is TERRIBLE! r'vr cow

WAKE IT) EASY.Sl-R. WE‘RE 
my: YOU TO A MODERN

PEUTlC lNSTlTUT
WHERE A CARING Docrtio
WILL HELP YOU GET vs
YOUR PROBLEMS.

shit '

- x
. \\

 

 

 

 

AND HERE‘S ARE You W

HE Doc ARING DO

Now. H0 WILL 
ME ?

t

 

 

TAKE THIS SICKO
lNTO ONE OF THE
PADDED PLAYPENS.

 

 

Alum-I House-Speaker on Spirit '

one huge painting on Lark and Jay St. S

 

L E

T T E

R

S

 

 

anks to all

Editor:

hc month of September. and a great number of im-
t Jewish holidays come to a close. l'd like to take
0 thank some of the people who have been extremely

l.
lie the rest of the SUNYA student body were rcncw-
r nquaintanccs and making new ones. hanging out at
t and all the other familiar haunts. others were busy
rk.
750 people who came to services at the CC.
pm on Friday evening for Koi Nidrci. probably never
themselves who had put tltat all together for thcm.
so of you who travel behind the Dutch Cafeteria. and
c Sukka standing bravely against nature and apathy.
saw the dedicated and now callouscd hands putting it
or.
ish students on this campus for too long have taken
fforts of the Jewish Students Coalition-Hillel too
for granted. l'd like to take this time. as a Jewish stu-
n this campus. to thank Michelle Hcrmun and Jordan
—— Co —- Chairs of the Chapel Housc committcc of
Hillcl. who bring you all of your religious programin-
'd also like to thank Stcvcn Smith and Micltclic Sun-
who are trying very hard to reach you its thc mcntbcr-
chairs of JSC-Hillcl. thc cxccutivc board. who have
wnrklttg hard sincc May. Rcvu Furcttbttck iiii.‘ new and
dedicated Director of JSC-liiilcl. (wlto puts in more
imc limit slccping hours and always has timc to smile
n) . and finally Stcvcn liilscnruth. (lady lluimsohn
tltc othcr dcdicutcd hands that Ctlliit.‘ out to itclp thc
)cl House committee build the Sukka.
ow that i‘vc thankcd these people dcdicmcd to you the
sit community on campus, it's your turn to thank thctn
ltowing up to sortie ot' the wonderful cvcnts they plan
on. Organizing. planning. and running around urcn't
th it if no one shows up to your events!
ishing you all a Happy and Healthy New Year on
ll of .lSC-Hillcl.
' — Sheryl Smlth President

JSC-Ilillcl
nsafe dorms

the Editor:

he students that reside in the residence halls especially
II utch Quad have been subjected to a safety and health
rd which has not and is not being dealt with in a speedy
ncr.

his past summer. Dutch Quad was repainted. in the
css of doing so. many smoke detectors in our
rooms were damaged.
it Tuesday. September 13. 1 reported this fact to my
dcnt advisors and ﬁlled out. a repair request form. This

was turned in to the quad secretary. No action was

en. and on September i9. 1 telephoned the Ofﬁce of
idcntiai Life.

spoke with James Hallcnbcck. an Assistant Director of
identiai Life. Mr. Haiicnbcck informed me that
idcntial Life was aware that “many smoke detectors on
quad were not in working order.” According to Mr.
lenbeck. the resident advisors were asked to compile a
0f rooms in their buildings that had the same problem.
y. in turn. would pass this information to their director.
- would pass it to the Central Ofﬁce of Residential Life.
I would pass it on to the Plant Department in order to
kc the repairs.

his process. according to Mr. Hailcnbcck could take up
i chks to complete.

As a former resident advisor. my main concern has
always been the safety and well being of all residents. The
key to this, it would seem. is to have a properly working fire
alarm system.

it seems to me that bureaucratic obstacles and the lack of
initiative by the Residential Life Ofﬁce is impeding the
'csolution of this potentially life threatening problem. 1
have seen two ﬁres on State Quad and know that each and
:vcry fire safety precaution must be available at all times to
.nsurc that residents are given as much warning as possible
when life threatening cmcrgcncics occur.

1 urgc everyone to test this potentially lifesaving device
and if it is not functional report it directly to the Ofﬁce of
Rcsdicntiai Life.

-— Eric Leventhal

Unfair selection

To the Editor:

i’copic arc always saying that off-campus students are
apathetic regarding campaign issues. As off-campus
students. we each applied for tire position of O.C.A. Coor-
dinator. Much to ottr rcgrct. ncitltcr of us was appointed to
this position. An oil-campus student received the position
of ().(‘.A. Coordinator. that left the two of us very befud-
iiiL'ti and perturbed.

'l'itcrc lllt.‘ a numbcr of issues which arose from this ap-
pointment. lltc first bcing how this opening was advertised.
'l'ltctc was an ad placed in last Friday's ASP. which came
out at 5 p.tn.. a lion: when u lot of students wcrc home for
iilt: holiday \vcckcnti. The ad stated that all applications
weft: duc in by 12 p.tn. Monday. Tilt: lack of substantial
intc to Hill] in applications dcfiuitcly humpcrcd thc amount
)f pcopic who might huvc applied for this position.

At tltc intcrvicw. most of tltc qucsiions wcrc fair and
lll‘ri; however. there was onc qucstion which wc wcrc cnch
ukcd rcgurding the members of the Albany City Council.

Wi.‘ i'ctiiiM.‘ that it is important for the O.C.A. Coor-
Jinator to work with the council. but being that we Wen.-
ncvcr in the position to work with thcsc pcoplc. it is unfair
for us to bc cxpcctcd to know who lhcy are.

it bothch us that the same people continue to be ap-
pointed to positions. while others of us who try to get in-
volved are not able to brcak through the barriers.

We truly hope that a person living on campus can be sen-
sitive to the needs of us students living off campus.

We believe. at this time. it is very important for off-
campus students to unite and work together as a team to
have our voices heard.

—Sharon Wahlberg
—M¢i|nda Miller

Serious annoyance

To the Editor:

i would like to address a Subject that some people might
laugh at but to me is an annoyance. it is not an opcnly ex—
pressed topic although it effects each and everyone of us
(on campus) at least a few times a day. What i am making
reference to is campus toilet paper. The material used is
cardboard-like. rough. ﬂimsy. and on numerous occasions
ﬁlled with various amounts of holes. i believe conservation
is admirable but this is getting carried away. Why should
soft decent toilet paper he a novelty? is that plcasurc too
much to ask for?

If the administration thinks that it is a matter of
economics than i have a solution. Charge an extra fee to
our bill (about ﬁve dollars) and givc the people what'thcy
want. i don't think many people would complain about an

 

Cﬁzlspectcs

Established In rm
Merit (lunar. Edltor In Ctr/rt
Lisa strain. Mlnsglng Editor

.Bievs For Anthony Silt-m
Bob Gardlnier

. Llunne Sokoioesitl

..Msrtr Levine. Torn Kacandee
. . . . . . . . . Eddie i'isines

Inter .
‘ We: Dean Bell, Debbie Judge.

“‘0'” Assistant: Mandi Kun. sun swit- .
.MIyAdanu. Marc larrrtan. Hubert-Kenneth an ny. asn 00mm.
Gteenileid. Robert Martini-no. David maim- ict.. Melt Nicholl. I03
: In. Karon Piroul. Unda Oulnn. Ur Reich. 'Z'Int Santa-info. Min
‘ In. mun Uiug. unit Wilgard, Adam Wllit. Ipecuum and Evenls suitors:

lOlnebsrg. Ken Dumb or

My Under. Burtneu urn-gar
Joey Tor-l. Array/ate ail-Inns Men-arr
lane itlrsoil. Advartlrlng Hrnrgu

Me

Billing Accountants . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lila claymsn. Rsndae Banal

Payroll supervisor ..  .. Gay Peres!

Susan Moakowllr

Jennifer Bloch

... Mickey Frank

Advertising Salel: M uaaman. Bob cure-u. Rich Goldln, Stave Leloar-
'nnn, Danielle Karmul, Advertising Production: Julia Merit

Patricia Mitchell. Productan Manager
Holly Prestl. Aasooleta Ploducttnn Manager

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Celnie Ryan

cnIsiT Isttsr
"n llderaiaeve. Lancoy Heyman. Virginie Huber. Felice Klaaa

l'ypisle: Joanna G

’nolography principally supplied by University Photo Sen/loo. a student
rou .
Zuni, . Susan Elaine Mlndlch. UPI all": Amy Cohen. Sherry
Johan. Rachel Lttwln. Ed Msrulllcil. Lois Matt-Dotti. Llss Simmons. Erica
Bosigel, Warren stout. Jim Vlienlino. Frank Wspotlnl

We contents copyright or III! Albany Ibo-It Press Corporation. all

1w

The Albany student Press is published Tuesdays and Fridays between
August and June by the Albany Btudent Press Corporation. an independent
not-lol-proiii norporstion.

Editorials are written by the Editor ln chief with mothers of the Editorial
Board: policy is noblest to rsviavl by the Editorial Board. Columns are written
3y members oi the university community and do not necessarily represent
rditoriai policy. Advertising policy does not moussrily retieei editorial
policy. '

Mailing address:
Student Press. CC 520
"N Washington Ave.
Albany. NY I228
(BID) 48148325321!“

 

extra few dollars for this ncccssity. it's time that something ,
should be done. This cgttra pain that we must endure (from
the pseudo toilet paper) is ludicrous and in violation of
Mother Nature and our natural bodily functions. Now that
i have brought it out into the open wc should ban together
and get some action. We shouldn't close our eyes and cars
to this matter and keep on suffering.

—Peter S. Herzog

N on-apathy

To the Editor:

Apathy...That sounds wrong, let me start again. Non-
ipathyl Thcrc now. that's much better. As we launch into a
Jrand new academic year. many students are confronted
with such a variety of activities to choose from that they
can't decide where to get involvcd. However. other
students simply don't pay attention to the multiplicity of
:vcnts and groups that surround then. and that's too bad.

Throughout the ycars. many observers of university life
have come to thc conclusion that students are apathetic. i
rcg to diffcr. it may be true that students often don't in—
rolvc thcmsclvcs in politics and policy formation. but that
s not tltc only realm of student involvement. At SUNYA
lien: is a wculth ot‘studcnt run organizations. few of which
are lacking actch mcmhcrs. Participating In a campus
group tukcs time and cncrgy. serves as a social mixer. and
contributes to it well roundcd education. So witcn yott hcnt
mmconc talk about studcnl apathy. llicll tltcm thcy’tc
barking tip tltc wrong trcc. it has been my experience over
lhc past couplc of yours that studcttts nrc more involvcd and
dcdicatcd to the various groups that intcrcsi thcm titan
most pcoplc living in the "real" world. ()fcoursc. thch arc
exceptions. and us I said bci‘orc. that's too bud (for them
that is). So get involvcd and help allow thc world thc rculity
of student “non-uputhy".

—l’hililp l). Cltonigmun
ii’( ‘DII News Director

Welcome back

To the Editor:

1 would first like to welcome cvcryonc back after a long.
and hopefully cnjoyablc summer. For the upperclassmen I
can dispense with words of saturated elegance and try not
to beautify any of your expectations with illusions of
grandeur. bcccausc it is generally assumed that by now
“you know the deal."

For the freshmen and incoming transfer students i would
like to wish you well in your future endeavors and try not to
besway you in a direction ﬁlled of ironical criticism or one
:rf murvcious content. but to ask you to bc intcntive and
determined.

SUNYA is a University. like any other. ﬁlled with its pro-
blems ﬁnancially and politically and like our minds. is at
our disposal to make use of. From myself and the united
body of the Albany State University Black Alliance i can
say that we wish everyone a very prosperous and proud

school year.
—Marcar Grifﬁth

Poor scheduling

To the Editor:

On Friday September 23. 1983 the Student Association
will be holding the annual group fair. This date coincides
with the second day of the Jewish festival of Sukkot on
which. according to Jewish tradition. no work may be per—
formed. This prcscnts a number of problems to the RZA
and any other Jewish group. as well as to leaders of othci
groups who may be Jewish and wish to honor their tradi-
tions. The RZA will be unable to play music. sell food and
other items. use the telephone. write. or collcct membership
dues. it is little wonder why this unfortunate scheduling er-
ror has created such a furor and protest both within thc
RZA and throughout the campus Jewish Community.

The RZA. which picdgcs itself to inform the campus and
local communities on matters affecting the Jewish people.
continues to be at the disposal of the SA's programming of-
ﬁce. We hope that through cooperation such unfortunatc
and avoidable instances can be prevented in the future.

——Sleve Hiiscnrath
Chairman RZA

I Cartoonists

we need you. (Call Ed at
the Asp at 45 7-3322.

 

 

 

 

itreimer. Sam Manager

 

 

