 

 

it

_..~. sew-

 

‘g—géxw .— v

w. "w'sﬁ‘. 5.. .,,,»f: l 

 

By Marc Hnspel
srm rs EDImR \
Clinton. N. Y.

The Albany State Great Danes dropped
ottt of the ECAC Totrrtttttnent Friday even-
ing with a 90-76 loss to tire Urtiversity ol'
Roeltester Yellowjackets. For settior cocnp-
taitts John Dieckelittrtrt and Mike Uittto. it
wtts their final garrte. As tlte pair walked off
the cottrt with a titittttte attd a trail“ remain-
ing. art era itt (treat Dane basketball history
Itad come to art crtd

“It was a tortglr wtty to finiin for my
seniors." said Albarty State head basketball
coach Dick Satrers. “They deserved
bcttcr."

For three seasons. Dicckelman has
spearltcaded the Danes' attack. A truttsfcr
front tire Division I (‘olgate Red Raidersﬁhe
stepped immediately irtto Albany‘s starting
five irt IUHO‘XI. lIis accolades are rtiariy ill-
clttdirtg all-tournament honors in every
totrrnatnerrt except otre itt which he par-
‘iicipated dtrrirtg his career in Albany: He
became tlte twelfth player irt Albany history
to surpass ilte l000 point plateau on
January 15 of tltis seasort while averaging
IE points per game arid was minted to the
list of District ll All—Americans qualifying
him for possible national All-American
honors.

Gatto. a ftrll four-year veteran of the
Albany program. also enjoyed success iii a
Dane uniform. As a sopltotttorc. lie sank
two pressure packed free throws against the
Potsdam Bears to give the Danes their first
outright SUNYAC championship. Though
he then suffered frotn bouts of erratic play.
he did rise to the occasion more titan once.
This season he led the Danes in capturing
the Ithaca ltivitational by scoring 25 points
in the title gatiie and earning tottrrtametit
Most-Valuable Player honors.

Friday evening the Danes did not see
their veterans off iii an appropriate manner.

Missing the services of guard Jan
Zadoorian. who was ill and could not make
the trip. second-seeded Albany was severely
beaten by the third-seeded Yellowjaekets.
The loss etided Albany's scasoti with a l7-9
record.

"It‘s the last gatite." said Dicckelman.
who finished his career in sparkling style

 

Wan-w--.~. .wWM—

—..........r,~-..'..«....ww. nun-y. .. «— .. ....

Co-captains Dieckelman and Gatto
Appear in final game as Great Danes

with 26 points to lead all scorers. "It's a
disappointing way to go. but they really
beat us."

It could have been better." added a sub~
dried Gatto. closing out his long career with
a double-figure per'formance. It points.
“We tried tonight. but we didn‘t play a
good game. We didn't deserve to win, arid
we didn't."

Looking to rebourtd after the previous
weekend’s third place disappointment iii
the SUNYAC tournament which krtocked
Albany otrt of NCAA playoff cortterttiort.
the Danes ctttcred the liCACs with a single
purpose itt tnirtd. They were chiefly
motivated by the chance to dcthrotte host
Ilatniltott College. the nation‘s third rank-
ed I)ivision III team. The Continentttls had
beatert the Danes earlier iii the season. But
the Dartes never had that opportunity. In-
dicative of their ltrck all year. the Danes ran
into another hot shooting teatrt iii the
Yellowjackets.

Rochester was led by the very hot hand of
freshman Joe Atrgttstirte. Ile hit 12 of 17
frorn the field and topped his team's list of
scorers with 25 points. As a team. the
Yellowjackets sltot a s‘ /.l‘ -

The Yellowjackets clet rly beat the slower
Dane team on transition. Each time
Rochesterhtook possession of the brill. they
didn‘t waste any titrte getting it up cottrt
and takirtg shots.

“We felt that we had to'push the ball tip
quickly and try to get sorrte tltree-on-twos
and two-on-ortes." said seventh-year
Rochester head basketball coach Mike
Ncer.

IIWhen other teams score 90 poitrts.
we're not going to win the game." added
Sauers. “That (Rochester) is a good offeri-
sive team."

The Danes enjoyed their only lead of the
game very early on when Dart Croutier. err-
ding a firte sophomore campaign at poirtt
gttard. assisted Dieckclman to open the
scoring. The Yellowjackcts responded with
three conscctttive baskets to set the tempo
of the game.

But Albany remained itt strikirtg distance
tltrougltout the ltalf. Dave Admit hit art
III-footer to knot the scoring at I2 points a
piece. He contributed 14 poittts to the
Danes' losing cause.

a.
La
C
C
O
N

 

MARCH 8. I983

 

 

ALAN CALEM UPS

Dane sophomore guard Dan Croutier. shown here In an earlier game, scored six
points against the University of Rochester Yellowjackets.

Itoth teams exchanged buckets with 5'9"
gttnrd Terry Fitzgerald hitting for Rochester
attd Croutier hitting l'or Albany making the
score l4-t4. Two straigitt outside shots then
by Augitstinc put the Yellowjackets firmly
iti frortt. Iii-l4.

Rochester opened art I 1-point lead as for-
ward Greg Blue, a 6'2" sophomore who
was the team's leading scorer this season.
threw in a reverse laytrp with 3:19 left to
play in the ltalf to make the score 39-28.

The Danes staged a minor comeback iii
the closirtg rnirttrtcs of the half as
Dicckelmnn scored seven points iii an II-4
Albany scoring binge. The Danes trailed at

 

.t.

   

    

WILL VUHMAN UPS

'! «it. .

a: .5,

The Albany State men's swim team traveled to Cortland.
New York this past weekend for the SUNYAC Champion.
shlps. where they finished seventh overall among the 10
teams competing. according to Albany State head coach Joe
Shore.

Albany had two swimmers quality tor the finals. which con-
sisted of the top six tlntshers from each preliminary event.
Michael Wright placed Itlth In the 100-yard backstroke with a
time at 1:00.23. and also tlntchod ttith In the 200-yard
backstroke with a time of 2:11.60. Jolt Kennedy finished lllth

 

Swimmers finish seventh in SUNYAACsl

In the 400-yard Individual medley with a time of 4:30.04. Ken-
nedy also Ilnlshod ninth In the 200-yard Individual medley
with a time of 2:07.00.

In addition there were three school records broken over the
weekend. Wright not a new mark In the 500-yard Ireestyte with
a final time at 6:00.61. Tom Handy also broke a school record
by swimming a 17:58.68 In the 1650-yard freestyle. Handy.
Wright. and Kennedy also teamed with Glen Ouackcnbush In
the Goo-yard freestyle relay to smash another school mark
with a time of 4:27.90. — Mark Levine

 

 

halftime by a four-point deficit. 43-39.

In the opening seconds of the secotid
Italf. Totit Lowney set the pace for the
Ycllowjackets by sinking ati outside jttmps
shot that ptit Albany into it six-point ltole.
Arid ensuing basket by Fitzgerald tipped
Rochester's lead to eight points 47-39.

A fast break bitckct by Augustine gave
the Yellowjnckets n IO-point lead at the
I5:35 ttiark. Fottr seconds later the Danes
suffered art even greater setback when
Dieckelman was forced to leave the cotirt
with a twisted ankle.

6‘8" reserve center Pete Gosule was iti-
serted irt Dicekclmart's place arid helped
the Danes stay with Rochester by hil-
tirtg ttvo baskets. Dicckeltnan then returned
to convert a three-point play as Albany
trailed by nine points. (tO-SI. with nearly II
tiiitiittes left.

Yellowjackct 6'6" center Dan DcGolyer'
drove the latte at the 8:09 tttark hitting tltc
basket by corrttrtittittg the offensive charge
to widen the Yellowjackct's lead to I]. lint
that lead was sltortlivcd as the Danes relied
ttgaitt oit the three-point play with (iatto at
the litre to bring them back with 10 poirtts.

Rochester began to ptill away t'or good iii
the fittrtl ritittutes. The Yellowjaekcts
outscored the Danes ll«7 dowrt the stretch
err route to the ultimate i4-poitit diffctitittl.

Witlt 1:29 retnuittittg. and the game
reasonably otrt of reach. Sntrcrs look otrt
his two sctiiors amidst applattse for the final
titite. In their place. lie settt irt two freshmen
botlt tip from the junior varsity. .l..l. Jones
and Itriart Kauppila. lirtch registered his
first poiitts in a varsity uniform. For the
Albany Sttttc (treut Dunes. the new era had
just begun.

. s w t:

In the other first-round gnrtte. the host
llaitiiltori Continental outsltrgged the fortr-
tliseeded Oswego Lttkers [02-96. Iittritiltoti
then went onto to edge the Yellowjackets
59-56 in the title game to win the ECAC
tournament.

Next time—the 1982-3 Albany State
Great Dane basketball year In review. I. I

 

 

 

 
  

     
 

 
    

PUB

VOLUME LXX

Solomon draft
amendment is
overturned by
federal judge

Ruling in Minnesota
may set precedent
throughout country

St. Paul. Minn.

(AP) A federal judge yesterday blocked a law

dcttyittg financial aid to college students who

refused to register witlt the Selective Service
System.

U.S. District Judge Donald D. Alsop

 

issued a preliminary injunction iii it lawsuit
cltalletigittg a federal law forcing rttalc
students applyitig l'or tttitiori aid to disclose if
they registered for tire draft.

The suit cltallcriged the law signed by
President Reagan last Sept. it. It required
ritrile students applying for tuition help to
disclose wltetlicr they ltad registered for tire
draft. and proltibitcd tltcrir front receiving
any federal assistance unless they had dotie
so.

"It takes no great stretch of tire imagina-
tiort to discern how plaitttil‘fs‘ identification
of themselves as non—registrants cottld in-
criminate them or provide a significant ilrik
in the chain of evidence tending to establish
their guilt." Alsop tvrotc ill his 2(t—pagc opi-
itioti.

Alsop‘s rttlitig is binding irt Minnesota arid
will set a precedent for other jtrdgcs arotriid
the country. said Dan Lass. ati attorney for
the Minnesota Public Interest Research
(irottp. which brotrgltt the case. The rtrling.
he said, is the first on the latv.

The plaintiffs iii the case are six
anonymous students represented by the Min-
nesota ('ivil Liberties Union and MI’IRU.
which represents college students arotrrid the
state.

lawyers for the students argttcd that the
law ptrttisltcs non—registered students who do
not face trial arid lutvc not been cottvictcd of
a ct irite.

In Washington, Rep. (ierald I]. ll.
Solortioti. R‘N.Y.. author of the requirement
lirtkirig student aid to draft registration. said
that il' the injunction becomes pertitancnt.
the Selective Service System would appeal it.
anti he l'elt confident the law would be
upheld.

“It isn't a qttcstion of incrimination." he
told a reporter. “No one is being fotrrtd guil-
ty without a trial. We sirtiply added a
qualification for student aid. There are sotnc
27 qualifications."

James I‘ierney. president of SASU. said itt
Albany "I tltink it‘s fantastic. It's a victory
for civil liberties and cotntnon sense." He
said the broad-based opposition to the
tneasure “gave faculty. financial aid officers.
students. adtnittistrators arid trtrstccs a
chance to unite on an issue that's so till-
constitutional."

Tierney was unsure about the rattge of
Judge Alsop‘s rttlirtg. bttt said. “If it's legally
binding only irt Minnesota. (the Student
Association of tire State University) will be
filirtg court papers very soon.“

Donald Wltitlock. director of financial aid
at 'iUNY Albany. stressed that efforts to
t'epeul the legislatiott irt Congress would cort-
titrire. "The sentiment Irt Cottgrc is against
the adtrtitristratiort on this matter." he said.
Tierney COIICIII'L'LI. saying that student lob-
byists would be workitig to repeal the law on

 

 

 

’I'lte plaitttttts sued the Selective Service
System. Its director. Maj. Gen. Thomas K.
'l‘tiruage. arid the U.S. Department of Eritrea-
tiort arid its Secretary. ’I‘.H. llell.

r.
“.-
r
2

 

 

 

 

 

  

LISHED AT THE STA TE UNIVERSITY OF NEW YORK AT/ALBANY: BY T

 

common
good
transcends
the
ind vidual
goodﬁ’

“What I’m saying is thumb
your nose at the law!”

[9%. Gordon Liddy; bottom. Dr. TlmghyLegry a 
"th

 

:
2
~
):

rec on everything IlIlIIItIIIIt' pus, 'Irlc.

 

ED MARUSSICH UPS

Old rivals Liddy and Leary trade
shots on laws, drugs, Watergate

 

 

lly Mark Hammond
('UNINIIll/IINU IllIIlM’

On the rigltt side sat ltappy-go—lucky Dr.
Timothy Leary. tltc “LSD prophet" aitd
renowned psychologist. tellittg tltc audience
that it's only the American way they be
to "drittk. srttoke. sniff. inject. brtttstrck or
pttt anything else itr your body yoir want to."

On the left side sttt a stoic. self—controlled
G. Gordon Liddy. precisely dcfinirtg law.
rnorttlity and his owti version of the
Atnericatt way. arid painting the Arttcricart
ptrbiic as ignorant for bcirtg so sltockcd at
Watergate because "the satire tltittg happens
every fottr years.“

Dubbed the "Power of the State vs. the
Power of the Individual." last night's debate
pitted the two fartiotts cs-corivicts rtgairtst
each other. bttt. as expected. ttotltirtg was
resolved. As the 52—year old Liddy pitt it. "I
tltittk we disagree oti everything humanly
possible."

They do share one cornuton experience:
prison. For Liddy. fotrr arid a half years for
his tnastertnind role attd tight-tipped silence
during the Watergate episode. Various drttg
pos ssiort charges pill the 62—year old Lettry
beluitd bttrs iii 39 different prisons on four

 

 

 

 

 

continents.

Liddy opctted the debate. marching across
tltc stage before the jam-packed ballroom.
trinkitig the distinction between law arid
morality. “If you were the only person on
earth you wottldti't Iiecd latvs bttt you would
still have morals." he said.

Laws. he cotitirttrcd. are structured for the
common good. while moral ctltics are fortned
front the conscience of the individual. Itotlt
are ttecessary. Liddy said. bttt sitice "the
corittiiott good surpasses and transcends the
individual good." laws are superior.

The Watergate episode. he explained. was
a cortspiracy governed by latvs. not titorals. It
was a “malttm proltihiturn" — a social
wrong — tttid this is unavoidable iii govertr~
rnent. On the other ltartd. a "titalttiti en sc“
— a ttroral wrong. like child abuse. is so
overtly evil “under no circumstances may
you ever cotntitit it." Liddy swore that lie is
irtttocertt of "rnalntn cit sc."

"Watergate showed the American people
how their government is acting." Lidtly
icclared. "The satne thing happens every
fottr years when the presidettcy of tire United
States is contested. There was nothing trtiiqtre
about Watergate."

 

. . -. , . .. .H- .. _. - ... .4".-..;...~..—.~—~:».-,.~..t.._

HE ALBANY STUDENT PRESS CORPORATION
Friday

March 11, 1983

 

 

 
   
 
    
   
      

 

.. ..~.¢—— .ud ...... - ..-c.. ... c. . ,.  .

NUMBER [2

New election

district gives
Dutch, Indian
polling places

By Bob (Iartllnler
IIIIIHRIII I\\l\l l\l

Students living on lttdiarr Quad and part of
Dutch \till he entered by it nets clectiort
district and tltcir ottn polling place at the
gyrrntasiuni follotting a (iuildcrlnnd itl\\ll
lloard decision I'ucsday.

Ilie decision to establish a new district (23)
c\cltrsive|_v popttlatcd by SIINYA students
has necessary. according to (.itttitictittttti
lottn Srrpertisor Ketirt Moss. itL‘L‘iItlw
changes irt tltc area‘s tii‘dticl boundaries this»
ed a proltlctti of inc-reloading at the
ML‘KthIViiiC l’ire Department polling place
in District I. Without the new platt this trait
of SUNYA l'cll “hill” the district.

” I his is great arid l L'\lL‘Ilti itiy congratula-
tions to ctcryorie intoltcd.” said SASII
i’lcsiticltl .lirit lictttcy. the new plttptisal by
the loan of tittildcrland is seen by licrncy
as the direct result of tcttttcsls by SUNYA
students for tire L‘slttltiisittticltl of polling
places on the campus. "(SA President) Mike
('orso has been attending the (iuildcrland
'I'own lIorud tricetittgs." said lieiitey. “he
was pushing t'or this."

As a result of this proposal SIINYA may
have two polling places on crtrnptts l'or tltc
next elections.

Stridettts tierc assured. last fall. by tltc
Albany (‘ounty Board of llcctiorts that a
polling place would be set up at the ('ampus
(‘cntcr for the part ol' the campus that falls in
the City of Albany District .1, Ward IS. said
Ircrncy. lhis assurance came after student
leaders lost court ittlllit's to hate Itoutlts sci
tip on campus during last )t'III'\ Notcrnltcr
election. the horrid rcl'trscd to set tip the
booths. protesting that the request by the
students \\tt\ too closc to election time.

“It should be made as L‘tlS) .is possible for
students to tote.“ ('otsrt stressed. “I think
we will lltt\\ lane a stronger strident \oicc iii
the elections." ltc said.

Presently there are about Loon students
living in the proposed district and .UJ of the
students are registered to tote. Itrrr that
number will increase. maintained (‘orso ad-
ding “one of otrr priorities is student \otct
registration."

According to Moss. the h .tul‘s plan tor
the district was not based entirely on student
:l'forts bill was tltc result of county legisl-rtrte
redistricting of the town‘s election lines in
.latttrary.

Following the teapputtiorirtrertt. the
crowded McKowtiville l-‘irc Department poll-
irtg place irt District I. gained art additional
300 voters. explained Moss. It was their pro»
posed that all of tire area voters would tote at
SUNYA‘s gymnasium itr art air-cran to
alleviate the problem.

However. Moss explained that (itiildcrlatrd
tesidctits rejected the plan. stating that they
would rather vote at the Fire Department.

To appease botlt parties arid clitiiiitatc the
crowding. said Moss. District 22 was propos-
ed. The district litres follow Perimeter Road.
on campus. from the Western Avenue eti-
trttucc to Fuller Road. takirtg iti Indian arid
put't of Dutch Quad.

This decision was the rcsttlt of "polite
discussions by the (‘rtiildcrland residents who
wanted to keep their tradition of voting at the
McKowttville lr‘irc Departtiiertt." said Moss.

The proposal will he disc sscd at the Board
of It'lcctioiis ttcxt cortiti ‘sioners meeting
Wednesday. March 16. according to ltoard
.tt' lileetions spokesperson Rosmarie Con-
way. “l'm not sttre if there is any official
.lcudlinc by which the board has to make a
Ieeision." site espalined. “nor do I know

11>

   
  

 

 

