 

 

 

 

 

 

2 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS El APRIL 22, 1983

 

WORLDWIDE
—

Panel will check tests

Washingtar
(AP) Rather than immediately accuse the
Soviet Union of violating arms control
agreements. President Reagan will appoint 'a
panel of intelligence experts to investigate
suspicious missile tests. administration of-
ﬁcials say.

’i‘he panel will be drawn from the National
Security Council, the Central intelligence
Agency and the Joint Chiefs of Staff and will
expand on earlier U.S. appraisals of Soviet
surface-to-air rnlsslle tests and underground
weapons blasts.

Ofﬁcials at the Pentagon already had con-
cluded that a test conducted Feb. 8 in the
Plesetsk region was probably in violation of
the StrategchrmsLimitation treaty signed in
1979 but never ratiﬁed by the Senate.

Plans were being made to have Reagan dc-
nounce the Soviets in a speech or statement
tentatively set for tonight. But early this week
the president and his key advisers decided to
postpone the public criticism and undertake a
broader inquiry.

However, a secret meeting was held recent-
ly in Geneva, Switzerland. in which U.S. and
Soviet ofﬁcials swapped accusations of treaty
violations. According to congressional
sources. the session, held under the I972
SALT treaty, was inconclusive.

Conservatives in Congress have urged
Reagan to go public with such allegations as a
means of undercutting the nuclear freeze
movement and bolstering his case for higher
defense spending.

Soviet spies nabbed

lVaslt/Itgfon, D. C.
(AP)|Two Soviet intelligence officers
and a Soviet diplomat were caught spying
by the FBI in separate cases this month —
one of them while picking up ﬁlmed secret
documents hidden at the base of a tree —-
and have been expelled from the United
States, the FBI said Thursday.

FBI Director William Webster said in a
statement. an employee of the Soviet mis-
sion to the United Nations tried to secure a
highly classified document on Soviet-U.S.
relations from a legislative aide of Rep
Olympia J. Showc. R-Mainc.

 

A lieutenant colonel in the Soviet Army
who served as assistant military attache at
the Soviet embassy in Washington was
picked up by the FBI while retrieving eight

"oils of undeveloped 35mm film of

classiﬁed documents from a “dead drop"
in the arse of a tree in a rural area of Mon-
tgomery County. Maryland near
Washington last Saturday, Webster said.

On April 2. an ofﬁcer in the KGB. the
Soviet intelligence agency. assigned as an
attache to the Soviet U.N. mission was de-
tained by FBI agents as he attempted to ob-
tain classiﬁed U.S. aerospace and weapons
technology information from a U.S. citizen
who was cooperating with the FBi's in-
vestigation. Webster said. That incident oc-
cured in Manhasset on Long island.

All three Soviets have either left the

. country or are believed to be leaving, the
Fl

FBI director said. _

NATIONWIDE
—

Reagan bows on cuts

Washington
(AP) President Reagan. bowing to pressure
from Senate Republicans. is offering Con-
gress a new 1984 budget blueprint that slows
his rapid defense buildup and backs down
slightly on domestic budget cuts.
' Three of the president's senior aides —
Budget Director David Stockman. White
House Chief of Staff James Baker ill. and
presidential counselor Edwin Mecse —
presented the new plan to Republican
members of the Senate Budget Committee on
Wednesday.

“Nobody likes it. but it just might pass."
said Sen. Slade Gorton (R-Wash.), a commit-
tee member.

For weeks. the Republican-led committee
has been openly defying Reagan. halving his
proposed 10 percent defense buiidttp to 5 per-
cent. adding billions of dollars to social pro-
grams Reagan wants to cut. and considering
larger tax increases than the president wants
to accept.

Wednesday‘s meeting marked the first
titne since January that the president had
signaled a serious willingness to compromise
with members of the GOP-controlled Senate.

The biggest opposition reportedly came
from four hardline conservatives led by Sen.
William Armstrong (R-Colo.) who are op-
posed to the tax portion of the proposal.

 

  

 

in CC 356.

9 p.m.. In the Campus Center

 

 

PREVIEW OF EVENTS

The SUNYA Chapter of Filo ASUBA Fest 1083, starring Aurra,
(Remove Intoxicated Drivers) will Soul Sonic Force. and Kurtis Blow,
meet Tuesday, April 26, at 7:30 p.m.. Will be held SBiUtdBi/r Apt" 23. 318
p.m., In the gym. Tickets are $7 with
a tax card and $8 without and can
Fuerza Latina’a 10th Anniversary be purchased in the Campus
Dance, featuring Tipica '73 and La Center. For more information con-
Sensual ’83 to Saturday. April 23. at tact the ASUBA office at 457-3360.

Ballroom. Admission la $8 in ad- The Pan-Caribbean ‘ ' " will
vanco or $10 at the door. For more inset Monday, April 25, at 7 p.m. In,
Information call 457-8651. HU 27

citizens and
public. V

ternshlpa and

She Stoops to Conquer. a
directed by Peter Bonnet. will be
performed Tuesday through Satur-
day, April 26-30, In the Main Theater
of the Performing Arts Center. at 8
p.m. Tickets are $3 with a tax card,
$3.50 for students and senior

Applications for summer jobs in a
wide variety of professional fields,
are being accepted now by the
Scholarship Bank. Many deadlines
are near for these

more Information about these if:

Bill faces uphill tight

Washlngfon
(AP) The Senate Energy Committee on
Thursday kept alive President Reagan's pro-
mise to deregulate natural gas, narrowly
defeating a Democratic call to continue price
controls on about half the nation’s supply.

The administration, however, acknowledg-
ed that it still has an uphill ﬁght in getting a
reluctant Congress to remove the price ceil-
ings on "old" gas. even though it promises
that consumer bills would fail next winter.

“i do not in the slightest believe that it is
the last battle." said Energy Secretary
Donald Hodei. the chief architect of the
White House bill. "But we’re much further
toward a decontrol bill than anyone ever
thought we would be two months ago."

By a 10-8 margin. the Republican-
controlled committee defeated a resolution
by Sen. Howard Metzenbaum (D-Ohio) to
eliminate decontrol of old gas from the
panel’s deliberations. Consumer rates have
spiralled despite a glut in supplies and falling
prices at the wellhead.

The administration claims the price distor-
tions are primarily the result of the l978
Natural Gas Policy Act. which kept price
ceilings on gas discovered before April I977
and set up the mechanisim for gradually
decontrolling by l987 controls on any new
gas.

Repeal close to OK

Washington
(AP) Repeal of President Reagan's embattled
plan for withholding taxes from interest and
dividends is edging toward approval in the
Senate. but just how and when the job will be
done is an unsolved problem.

"i wouldn't break out the champagne
yet." Sen. Robert J. Dole (R-Kan.). who
backs withholding, warned repeal backers
who are ready to declare a Senate victory.

The withholding plan remains law.

scheduled to go into effect July l. And. by
the time both chambers of Congress finish
work on the effort the deadline might have
:ome.
Republicans, who hold a majority in the
Senate, thought their patchwork repeal
measure endorsed by the banking industry
would win quick approval Wednesday. it
would allow no withholding before July I.
1987, and only then if both houses of Cott-
gress voted for it at that titne.

Although nothing in the agrccrnctrt assures
withholding would ever take effect. that was
not good cnouglt for many Democratic
senators. They demanded a chance to vote
for outright repeal with no ifs, ands or brrts.

STAEWD

 

    

Abrams to defend tax

Albany
(AP) State Attorney General Robert Abrams
says his office will “vigorously defend" New
York's new gross receipts tax on oil L'Oiil-
panics from a court challenge by four
pctrolctrm giants.

A suit filed in state Supreme Court In
Manhattan by Mobil, Exxon, Amoco and
Gulf seeks to have the new 2 percent tax on
the gross receipts declared “discriminatory”
against the huge oil firms.

The levy was imposed starting on April I as
tort of a Si billion package of taxes designed
to erase a $1.8 billion state budget deficit in
thc I983-ii4 fiscal year.

The gross receipts tax was supposed to
raise $200 million a year. but several oil corn-

 

comedy,

90067.

$5 for the genera

In

BOhOlﬂtBhlPB 3'10"“! Hillel and World Jewry.

panics say they will not pay the levy pending
the outcome of the court challenge.

One of the litigants. Exxon. has said it will
pay the tax while the oil giants ﬁght it out

.with the state in court.

Companies are allowed to pass the tax
along to their customers, but the way the law
is written, only the l8 largest oil firms
operating in the state are liable for the tax,
The four companies which brought suit this
week argue that it is “unreasonable
line-drawing" and "discrimination" under
the l4th amendment of the us. cum“...
tion.

Smith found guilty

_ Porrgltkcrrpw
(AP) A State Supreme Court jury Thursday
found Lemuel Warren Smith guilty of rim.
degree murder in the strangulation of (ircun
Haven state prison guard Dontta l’tryrrul.

Smith, 41. of Amsterdam. N.Y.. I...“
death in the state's electric chair as it “lil'cr”
convicted of killing an on-duty prison guard.
That part of New York’s 1974 death penalty
law has yet to be tested in the courts.

Justice Albert M. Rosenblatt sci sentenc-
ing for May to. Defense lawyer William
Kunstler said he would ask that the verdict he
set aside because the case against Smith um
not proven.

“i feel good. i have God's peace. I didn‘t
do anything." Smith said as he was led [tour
the courtroom.

“it would be inappropriate to lllilittt' rrny
cotnment until all of the appeals Irruc been
completed." Gov. Mario (‘uorno \uitl itr
response to a question whether he would pct-
mit Smith to die in the electric clrtrir.

Kunstler said Smith was “taking the rcr
dict better" than either Kunstler or his rililt'l
lawyer. Kunstler associate Mark (iotnblltct.
“That's bccattse he understands lltc our-m
better—the whole system of American
racism."

Suit extension OK’d

.rl/lttt/It‘
(AP) Tile Assembly approved :1 measure r-\-
tending the legal linrit to file L‘ttttllsttitx lot
people who think they have been htttllit'tl
because their mothers took Iii S during
pregnancy.

The drug. dietitylstilbcstrol. wars ust'tl rltitl
ing the l94tis and l95()s to prevent unsou-
riagcs and premature births. In rm-ru
ycars,howcvcr, DIES—linked lrculth problcrus
have been detected among some pcoplc
whose mothers used tltc drug. tttrtilt’uiutl)
among fetnalc “DES children." ultt‘tt tllt')
attempt to have babies of their ourr.

The state’s statute of limitations Irrrx hittt'
expired for most people wishing to lric Irurrrs
for possible DES-created health prultlcrui.
Under the measure upprovcd “mint-din).
however, all those people would put tillt’ you
to file suits and all future claims could be Iri-
cd witltin three years of health pttiltlulh |I||-
Hing up.

The State Health Dcputlttrcnt lr.r\
estimated that tip to 260.000 Ncu )oti.t't~
were exposed to tire drug.

The DIES legislation — similar to .t rpm-1|
provision thc state Legislature litts nr.rrlt- tut
Vietnam servicemen exposed to Ihc ilt'l illtliit'
Agent Orange — docs trot ltuvc u spruth Hi

 

 

tltc GOP-controlled Scnutc.

,___-

Correction

Will Yurmun's urunc Wits itttttlu‘llt‘llll‘
orrritrcd front the ASS/’5; parody W” “'
April I‘). Yurmutt photographed the (IN-ll
Dunc shot and ttlso ptrt effort into lllL'
issue's concept.

 

send a business size stamped self-
adressed envelope to: The Scholar~
ship Bank. 10100 Santa Monica
Blvd., Suite 750, Los Angoles, CA.

A Mathematics Colloquium entitled
“Non~Compact Complete Kahler
Manifolds" will be presented by
Professor Ngalmlng Mok of
Princeton University. on Friday,
April 22. at 4 p.m. In ES 140.

The Plight oi the Soviet Jew will be
programa. discussed by Danny Gordie on Mon-
day, April 25, at 7:30 p.m.. In LC 2.
The speech is sponsored by JSC-

Excellence In teaching and advising
awards dinner will be held on Mon-
day, May 2 In tho Patroorr Room.
Tickets are being sold lot $2 in the
SA office starting Monday, Apri125-

AMiA Tennis Tournament sltln'UP
deadline ls Saturday, April 23. at 12
p.m. at the AMIA office. The tourna-
ment will take place Irorn Sunday.
April 24 to Sunday. May 1. For more
Information see the AMIA bulletin
board In the Campus Center.

Deaf related Iaauoa Is the subject of
8 panel discussion to be held 0"

 

 

Monday, April 25, at e p.m.. In HU
12
I

 

 

 

By Chris Falk

Trudging to class through slush and snow
in a winter coat; it is hard to believe that in
two weeks the ﬁeld between Dutch and in-
dlan Quads will be teeming with people —-
hopefully in shorts and bathing suits soaking
up the sun at Celebration 83 (formerly
Mayfest).

According to University Concert Board,
the event has been scheduled for Saturday.
May 7. The first band takes the stage at noon
and the music stops at 5. The entertainment
will Include U2. whose latest album "War" is
currently in the top 20. David Johanscn, who
performed at Mayfest in 80. and Robert
Hazard, according to Jeff Hoffman, UCB‘s
vice-chairman.

Tickets for Celebration 83 will go on sale
Tuesday. April 26 at 10 a.m. in Campus
Center room 343, according to Jack Simon,
head of the UCB ticket conunittec. Tax card
holders can purchase one ticket for $5.00 and
a second at $7.00

All ticket purchasers must have a tax card.
except alumni. who can mail in a self-
addrcssed stanrped envelope and get a max-
imum of two tickets for $7 each.

Tickets may not be available the day of the
show, said Jeff Hoffman. depending on
whether prc-show sales reach the university-
iurposed sales limit of I2.f)00 tickets. if
tickets are available on May 7. they will he
sold behind Dutch Quad for $12 each.

This is not the first year there has been a
limit put on tile tttirnher of ticket sales. btit it
is the first time the event's sponsors have had
to deal with a drinking age of 19. Because of
the new law. which went into effect last
December, a portion of the student populti-
tiort cannot legally be served beer. According
to Hoffman. dottble proof will be required to
be presented at the show and different col-
ored wristbands will be used to designate who
is to be served.

Simon said in addition to the music. beer.
and food. there will also be a fireworks
display at 8 p.m. over the footbttll field.

There's some good new for Altttntri Quad

 

Students In attendance for last year's

 

 

SUE MINOICH UPS

[ﬁrm/er Io continue the event. it ltrrrl to be sealer] (lawn.

and off-campus residents. According to i-lof—
(man in a letter to lltc ASP. extra buses will
be in operation the day of Celebration 83 to
accommodate the large numbers of people
flowing to and from the uptown campus.
According to Steven Lichtenstein, head of
UCB's three-titan publicity tctrrn. in August

l98i) the university administration cancelled
Mayfest. “That year the event ended lute."
ltc said. “There was not enough light to clean
up and the next day it rained." This. coupled
with an attendance of 18.000 and a expected
tttrnout of 24.0(X) for Mayfest BI cxplrtincd
Lichtenstein, “frightened the administration

Into discontinuing the event."

“We didn't know if we were going to get
Mayfest back until March of 81." said
Lichtenstein. He added that the university's
ﬁrst move was to cancel Mayfest. but after
much debate and effort on the part of UCB.
the event was reinstated as “Celebration 81."

in order to continue the event it had to be
scaled down, according to Lichtenstein. This
included a restricted attendance through a
limit of ticket sales. an increase in security
personnel, and the fencing in of the ﬁeld to
make sure only ticket holders attend. making
it less crowded. more controllable and more
enjoyable for all. He added that many other
schools. lnclttding Oneonta, have lost their
Mayfests.

in an effort to keep crowd size down. said
Lichtenstein. Celebration 83 will not be
advertised on WCDB or any other radio sta-
tion. it will be publicized through pesters on
catnpus and advertising in the ASPonly.

UCB members started planning the enter-
tainment about two months ago. Accorditrg
to Lichtenstein. the board obtains a list of
available talent from “middle agent"
Monarch Talent and takes into consideration
which groups would be enjoyable to the
largest range of students. last year's bands
were A Flock of SeaCrulls. Squeeze. and
Toots and the Maytails, tt reggae band. ile
said u lot of debate and thought goes into the
selection of the entertainment.

Concert Board promotes Celebration 83.
“Lust year." said Lichtenstein. "the group
Squeeze video taped the whole event and lit
the credits for promotions are listed the
names of many of last years Concert Board
members. Tire filtn was to entire out itt 84.
but now the group is broken up so it will pro-
bably be out later."

Celebration 83 is SA funded. UCB and
University Auxiliary Services are its co-
sponsors. UAS provides the food and beer as
well as workers to set up and serve.

According to Simon. Celebration 83 has
no rain date. "if it rains the bands will play
.rp to a point," ire said. “it's all or
nothing." i l

Political funding is disputed in new SA budget

By Heidi Gralla
smrr rr'rrrr/zrr

While passing a 5569.998 1983-84 SA
groups budget Wednesday night. Central
Council overrode the SA Budget Committee
by earmarking funds for a Ptrcrto Ricau in—
dependence advocacy group. l’RiSA.

The Budget Committee had voted
unanimously not to fund the the newly fortn-
cd controversial grottp. “This is without a
doubt the most political group (SA has) ever
funded." said Budget Committee member
Hamilton South. South said Ire fclt SA
should not fttnd l’RlSA. because it is solely :1

SUN YA Co-ed allegedly raped
lo the podium Friday night

prchcnding the

pus Center that night.

upset at the time of the report.
Henighan explained
report.
if anyone is conf

 

Ipdon't want to.

By Del) Prol‘eta
M; has IzllllfIIt

A SUNYA woman was allegedly rupcd at knifcpoint near the Fine Arts building between
l():l5 and 10:30 p.m. last Friday, according to Director of Public Safety Joint Henighan.

The 29 year old. part-time student claimed she was attacked by an unknown assailant
Nho. l-lcnighan said. “threatened ltcr life with it displayed weapon".

investigator John l'layncr explained that the woman had becrt studying in the library
arior to the attack. As she exited the building to return to her car parked in the lot rtcat
Fine Arts, Huyncr said her assailant allegedly grabbed her.

The incident was reported by the victim's husband “a cotrplc of hours" following the at-
tack. according to Sheila Cogcr. the only female police officer at University Police.

Site explained that the wotnan was only able to provide a “vague description" of her
assailant. Because lite woman was unable to supply police with a sufficient description, up-
man will be "one shot iii a million." Coger said. adding that it will be dif-
ficult to pinpoint whether he was a student,

Although the woman was offered medical treatment following the report. Coger said
“she didn't accept treatment until the next day," notitrg that the victim was confused and

that an “extensive investigation" will he conducted following the

routed with a similar situation. Coger advises women to feel free to see
her at the UPI) office. She stressed that tlrcy‘don’t have to speak wrilt a male oiftccr rt [they

political group."

in addition to i‘RlSA. approxirrratcly tit)
groups were btidgctcd dttring this year's pro-
cess. according to SA President Mike Corso.

He added that less titan 20 of them appeal-
cd their budgets at any iitne during the pro-
cess. “This year’s brrdget is balanced.
equitable. and realistic.” said Corso.

Tire total budget including SA groups,
Dippikill. SASU. NYi’iRCr. and Athletic Adv
visory board comes to $894,l‘)3.89. accor-
ding to SA Controllor David Schncytnan.

University Concert board received one of
tire largest budgets of arty SA futrdcd group,
at l34.940. Their total appropriation came

 

visitor, or a member of the party at the Carn—

l l

 

 

 

to $54,940. WCI)B also had one of the
largest budgets. They were budgeted a total
of $46,600, witlr an appropriation of
$43,400. ‘

There were many problems with last year's
SA budget suid Schneynran. lie contends
that income litres were unrealistically inflated
and interest was budgeted at a higher percen-
tage titan SA received.

Budch Corntnittcc (.‘lutir .lonnnu Suroc-
co, who served as secretary to the Committee
last year said this year's group budgets were
“mtrclt more realistic." in many cases. cx-
plaincd Surrocco. grotrps wcrc givctr lower in.
conic litres. rcqttiring them to earn less nroncy
dtrring the year.

Corso. who commended the Budget Com-
tnittee on an “excellent job," had been con-
sistently reminding Council for several weeks
that he would not sign a budget that was
unrealistic or unbalanced.

The budget was balanced after sortie t'inul
cuts were illtldc in various areas ofSA. Corso
said ire bclivcd this to be a very realistic
btidget, adding that no interest was
budgeted. payroll takes were accounted for
and the whole budget was done with an at-
titttde of expanding some programtning.

in addition to approximately 5 new groups
which received funding this year. Council
voted to add a Minorities Affairs Coordina-
tion at a stipend of $l320.

The job, according to Central Council
Chair chf Fromm. is to "represent minority
interests to both the administration and SA.
The second phase is to assist the director of
programming in coordinating and com-
tnunicating with all of the minority groups on
this campus."

Fromm sees this as a very significant deci-
.ion in SA. “What that meant to me is “yes
we do have problems with minorities."

With regard to PRISA. South said. "i feel
but since we are dealing with the students'
money, if we were to support this group we
would be lit a sense saying that the students

support l’ucrto Ricun independence, when ‘

the fact is that we don't know what the

students support," ire explained.

According to Corso. who favored fttndittg
I’RISA. the SUNY guidelines prohibit the
funding of political groups. but this does not
resolve the issue. "The lertn political is the
question. what should or should not be
political‘!" he queried.

SA President-Elect and current Chair of
Central Council‘s student action Committee
Rich Schaffcr added that a few years ago fun»
ding I’RISA wouldn’t have been an issue ill
all. “The attitude of the students is changing.
especially in terms of the definition of what’s
political." ltc noted.

i’RISA is not actually rcceivitrg an up-
propriution. They were budgeted for $4279
but their budget also requires them to earn
$4279 itr incorrre.

Corso had originally proposed to Council a

13>V

 

f ALAN CALEM UPS

Budget.Chalr Johanga Sarrocco______

Budgets "more realisllc ' '

3-
i
5.
:4.

 

 

