   

,#d _:;.V ..  ,

i
y

. .-.,~-|.|v.~¢;-i -r is! 't

6 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS Ci OCTOBER 25,]983

 

Brenner performance marred by disturbances

 

By Deb Protein
and Debbie Judge

Comedian David Brenner made his way
onstage after a 50-minute delay in his perfor-
mance Saturday night before a jam-packed
SUNYA gym. His hour-long routine —- “I
don't think i have an act ’cause i don't." he
said -— was presented for Parents‘ Weekend
by Speaker's Forum.

Clad in a black glittered suit, the slim
jokester launched into his repetoire to be
confronted with disturbances from an un-
comfortable. overpacked audience. Brenner
got his first laughs by toying with the
microphone as he joked, “I'm picking up an
airport." through the crackling mike. and
"I'd like to thank the band," referring to the
large. rock concert-style speakers that ﬂank-
ed the stage and hid him from the view of
those who found themselves jostled to the
wrong end of the bleachers.

“Do you see this?" he yelled over the
equipment to the audience. “That's why you
can't see me. I can't see them," he charged,
waving to people obscured by speakers on the

, opposite side.

Apparently. the audience could not see sit-
ting there any longer. and began to descend
the bleachers.

Undaunted by the noisy intrusion on his
story of men bothering one another in the
shower, Brenner replied to a woman who
again protested she couldn‘t hear:

"Don't blame me, lady. l didn't build this
place. i only work here."

And as spectators continued desertng the
side bleachers, he mused, “Look at this . . .
gotta be Jewish people . . ."

The crowd roared.

According to Michelle Schwartz. chairper-
son of Speaker's Forum and the one granted
the chore of ann0uneing repeated delays to a
waiting audience. only 2,790 of the 3.000
available seats were sold. An additional 2l0
seats were reserved for Alumni Association
members and the handicapped. and for com-
plementary guests (Speaker's Forum
members and members of the Student

     
  
  
   
 

Association, which received five seats).

Admission to the performance was eight
dollars with a tax card — twice as much as
that charged for last year's Parents'
Weekend performance by Robert Klein.
Schwartz explained that Brenner received
SI2.500 for his stint, with an additional
SI.000 to the agency which arranged his ap-
pearance.

Klein, in comparison. waspaid $7,500 for
his 1982 performance.

“I’d rather have paid $20 and have been
comfortable." said SUNYA student Licna
Malatesta. who attended the show with her
parents. '

Schwartz said that the gym was so crowded
because "people put coats in seats, didn't
move over. . .people were let in for
free. . .we didn't sell over 3,000 seats." she
maintained.

liut Schwartz said later that she couldn‘t
be sure the number of available seats she was
given was correct to begin with. "I don't
know if we ever had a crowd like that
before," she said.

The chairperson also said that l2 student
activities crew members. hired by the group
for crowd control. were letting their friends
in gratis.

“They did nothing — they sat around_do-

ing nothing." said Schwartz of the crew‘

members who were paid $5 an hour for their
services.

And Schwartz Went on to say that the
soundstage was set up on either side of Bren-
ner because "if it was further back, you
would hear feedback."

lirenner had his own ideas about setting up
the stage, and strode between micropltone.
speakers and audience. explaining where
each should be positioned. He suggested the
use of smaller speakers. that the stage should
be moved back, and, to about 50 speetators'
delight. that those who couldn't see from the
bleachers settle on the floor in front of him.

"Now this is just like a rock concert,"
Brenner jested.

lirenuer hardly stood still during his per-

i‘ormanee — partially for style. no doubt.‘

QUESTIONS?

“Self-advising is autocratic.” — Machiavelli

Political Science/ Public Affairs
Thursday, October 27th, 7:30 PM, LC 24

“AD VISA THON”

-- FIND OUT ABOUT PROGRAMS AND REQUIREMENTS
— HONORS, COMBHVED BA MM, PRE-LA W

_ AD mans A VAILABLE TO WORK OUT SPRING
SCHEDULES '

ANSWERS}

 

 

AMV COMM Li,

Comedian David Brenner
"With this kind ofjob, I ‘m the luv/res! man in the world. "

and partially because he promised to move And he talked ol‘eopiug -- at him liL'It'a.
into everyone's line of vision at least once. customs himself. after the first inlet ul No
York, to the slow the of (‘ulilmnm ("In gr
He spoke often of good ideas —— the ready to go out there, l swim in lt'lh)"],j|,,j
answer to a psychiatrist who pushes his pa- how he nutnaged to survive L‘illltliltmtl Iuli.
tient to be aggressive (“when he gives you the heart of Philadelphia.
next hill. beat the hell out of him") and of And he laughed ut his own jokes.
not-so-good ideas — the sign on the luteer "l was always a lucky kid," litmuu lL‘hii.‘
tional House of l’uneakeslhat announced the ed. “With this kind of job l'm llu‘ iutinv
availability of menus in iiraille ("Why not man in the world. You can’t get Imim the:
make it bigger so they can read it across tile getting paid for something you ind m Inuit:
SlfL‘Ci'I"). iorasa kid."

 

OCTOBER 25,1983 D ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 7

 

 

 

 

 

‘ i. ii ('1' ,_ i ‘)
Community Univcrst Dy 

The lecture center area became an exposition of crafts. Information and
scientific displays. as SUNYA hosted Ito 12th Annual Community University
day. Saturday, Oct. 22. entitled “Science 83."

Sorroll Chesln, Vice-President of Finance and Business. and coordinator of
C.U. Day was pleased with the overall turnout, calling It “excellent,” and giving
credit to the weather, not publicity. for the day’s success. “It the weather to
good, we have a good day," said chasln. “and no amount of public relations
can change this fact."

Chooln also credits the creation of a theme four years ago for Increasing the
turnout. "When we first began 12 years ago, we would have a general sort of
C.U. Day, with everyone doing a little bit." said Chosln. adding that tho tur-
nouts were small. “Adding a theme, concentrating on one subject, such as
églance, has increased turnout and the quality of the presentations," said

aaln.

Cheatn said that C.U. Day is a great way for people of the surrounding corn-
munlty to understand that the university is not a “bunch of beer drinking kids.
It Is one of a number of things, such as Telethon, that builds a good relation
with the community."

The main event of the day was the MchAS (Man Computer interactive Data
System) Graphic Weather Display System. The system provides satellite views
of weather around the world as It occurs.

Along with the McIDAS system was the Lightning Detection System,
created by Richard E. Orville. Department of Atmospheric Sciences at SUNYA.
and is the largest system of Its kind in the world.

According to Orville, the system took him four to five months to develop and
works In conjunction with the McIDAS to detect lightning activity anywhere on
the east coast.

The two systems were presented in lecture center 7, providing a dramatic
picture of weather and forecasting techniques for the large crowds assembl-
ed.

Colncldlng with the atmospheric displays. the chemistry department
created chemical magic, with chemical transformations of sugar to growing
black L ‘ and pp ‘ L ' . ' ' " ,, ' and small explo-
alone.

internationally known biologist Corrado Bagllonl spoke about the controver-
sial cancer drug Interferon and the uses It may have treating sickness ranging
from cancer to the common cold.

Among other features were presentations by the math department, tracing
the reasons for the slow response of saverly Injured soldiers In Vietnam to
treatment. a moon rock display wmcn told or me use of the rocks in aiding
scientists to discover the origin of the moon. and a poster show, representing
current research and explaining the formula behind the Rublck's Cube.

Though science was the predominant theme. other groups such as Pi Sigma
Epsilon. JSC-Hlllel, and AlricanlAfro-Amorlcan Studies all had booths outside
of the lecture centers. giving out inf! rmatlon and displaying Items of Impor-
tance at each group.

“It’s a great way to promote a group." said Steven Kelley, a pledging
member of Pi Sigma Epsilon. “We (Pi Sigma Epsilon) are able to better inform
people about activities and membership details about which they might have

misconceptions."
— By John Thorburn

 

 

 

 

   

i  V .A‘

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

PHOTOS BY UPS

 

 

 

 

. . . t . .t....t..--..-. '.'.r

. ..'.
-‘.*1".".\"“.‘ ‘..t t M‘t‘. .1 III] a node n r Ill nan-4.-

 

