  ALBANY STUDENT PRESS til FEBR UAR Y 15. I983

intramural basketball Standings are in—-

 

\

 

 

 

 

 

 

P.S.K. I 2 - 2 Shooting Seamcn 3 - I Division I w L
League 2 Rim Jobs 2 - 3 Death Squad 5 - 2 Big Monsters 4 - 0
Experience 1 - 4 Sky is the Limit 3 - 2 Bishops 4 - 0
I W L . . _ Thou’s House 3 - 2 Nice and White 4 - 1
Nice rt Easy 5 - 0 DIVISIOI‘I D W L Tracers 3 - 2 Dead Robinzincs 3 — l
Untouchables 4 - 1 Members Only 5 - 1 Guru’s 2 - 3 C A RE 4 - 2
Cash Money 4 - 1 All World 5 - 1 Cones ~ . 2 - 2
Bruise Brothers 2 ' 3 Nttlli Sectrndus 4 - 1 DiViSIOII G W L skoal Brothers 2 - 3
White Trash 2 - 3 Wltarf Rats 4 - 2 Fair Lawn 5 - 0 Cut-a-Control. 2 - 4
Black Panthers 1 - 4 Dynasty 4 - 2 Upehuck the Boogie 6 - l Chateau Manning Court
Prisoners of Gravity 1 - 4 Studley's Boys 2 - 4 Mina, Shall We Dance 5 - 1 Club 2 - 4
westcltestcr Premiere 0 - 5 Tire O-fers 1 - 3 Borrt to Dribble 4 - 1 Dry Heaves l — 5
Zoo Men 1 ' 4 Burnt Toast 3 - 2 Penetrators () - 6

League 3 . . . Cagers 4 - 3 .

. . . DIVISIOﬂ E W I. Daredevils l - 4 WIRA w r.
DIVISION B W L Chappy’s 5 - 0 Bend Over We’ll Drive I - 4 iggicts AILSiars 6 _ 0
Disaster 5 0 Wally’s ,Wallbangers 4 - 1 Mcts 1 ' 5 Slaughter 4 - 2
ONW-WNQ 4 - 1 Leslie Fund 4 - 1 Amazons 3 - 3
Riders on the Storm 4 - 1 Oral lrttrttders 3 - 2 Division H W L Hoj‘o Mamas 2 - 3
Running Rebels. 4 - 2 Apostles 2 - 2 Jefferson Cleaners 6 - 0 Little Monsters 2 - 3
Beat ‘em on Brains 3 - 2 Greek Salad 3 - 3 New Sixty Niners 5 - 1 we're Hurling t) . 6
Alexsis Attack 2 - 4 In Memory ofSttrbber I - 3 Ba-Va's 4 - l
Ellie’s Angels 1 - 5 chzer’s Wonders l - 4 Face 3 - 2
Mean Machine 0 - 5 Crispy Critters 0 - 5 Horrt Brothers 2 - 2 TI I

. . . Hm. 059 pub 2 _ 3 re gym war is temporarily
DIVISION C W L League 4 RM? on the Soap 2 - 3 ﬁxed
Super Cocks 4 - 0 ' Wasted Away 2 - 3
Twilight Zoncbreakcrs 4 - 1 Division F w Moondogs 2 _ 4 Floor hockey will be played on
Buzz Brothers 3 - l Penetration 4 - 138 Special 1 s 5 Court "C" rind/further notice.
T00 H0110 Hand“? 3 ' 1 Clinton Running Gunners 5 - Assholes 0 - 5

l

 

 

 

 

How to make peace withTolstoy.

 

 

 

 

 

_.._.Ac,:_; 7 a

or

 

General Foods”

International Coffees. ,
GENERAL FOODS“ INTERNATIONAL
AS MUCH A FEELING AS A lil.AV(

 Omen
' .IlttlF‘NT'NAl

- a...

ssc M

SWISS STYLE INSTANT COFFEE BEV M: ' '

  

cba

If the academic wars are getting you down,
with a rich and chocolate
different ﬂavors from

  

  

Al 00d I I
03..

    
     

y cup of Suisse Mocha. It’s just one of five deli
.._........... -

   

" cum-re.

M

o Oonurnl Fonda Corportttton nuts

COFFEES.
3R

 

 

Curie

 

RIDERS WANTED
GREYHOUND BUSES

Place round trip 327
Port Authority round trip 822'

Buses leaving circle Fri. Feb. 18 at
3:00 pm. Buses returning (uptown,
downtown and Wellington)

Tickets on sale in CC
Mon-Fri. 9:00am-3:00pm

Returning Mon. Feb.213t at 3:00

Sponsored by Delta Sigma PI.

 

 

 

 

 

r. y. . m. . . _ .tt .. ': " mums-“r - 1' £271.21“. .5 t .rr

FEBRUARY 15, I983 {J ALBANY STUDENT PRESS  

 

Cager Rhea Edwards plays an unselfish gam

 

By Mark Levine

STAFF WRITER

In any team sport, especially basketball.
there are many times when one player must
make pcrsonrtl sacrifices for the beneﬁt of
the team. Not everyone can grab all the
headlines; there are mrtny intangible factors
that are essential to a team's success.
Nowhere is this more evident than on the
Albany State women’s basketball tertm.
where senior forward Rhett Edwards has
sacriﬁced some of her own personal glory
for the good of the team. The team has
benefited greatly. as they boast a l2-5
record and are gunning for a berth in the
State Playoffs.

“Rhea doesn‘t lead us in many statistics.
but her presence is noticcd." said head
coach Mrtri Wrtrncr. “She is an asset to us
offensively and defensively."

If there was one game that blatantly
showcased thcu‘s talents. it was the
February 2 clash with conference rival
Blrtghttntton. Edwards was assigned to
guard lllnghrrntton's leading scorer. l-lclcne
Thomas. and make her own offense rt sc—
cond priority.

"We told Rhett to strty with Thomas
wherever she went arid dctty her the bull,"
Warner said.

Many more selfish players would have
frowned ut the assignment. Instead. lid-
wards hrtndlcd the role splendidly. Site was
all over Thomas the crttirc game, forcing,
her to foul out with eight minutes to pltty
ttrtd holding her to fotrr points iii a 70-53
Albrtrty rout.

Looking back on tltrtt grtme Wtutcr said,
“That was a typical game for Ritctt. There
were no statistics to show whrtt she did. htrt
her defense probably won the bullgntttc for
us."

Being one of only two seniors on a team
loaded with underelassmen would seem to
pttt added pressure on Edwards. But she
downplays this idea.

"I don't think there's any added
pressure," Edwards said. “We're all one
team. and we‘re all going for the same
thing."

 

it is this team-oriented attitude that has
earned Rhea a great deal of respect from
Warner. as evidenced by her appointing Ed-
wards acting cnptain while Robin Gibson
was recovering from an injury.

"We‘ve looked to Rhea for leadership all
year long," Wnrrter remarked. “She’s done
it fine job as captaln. She settles tlte tertnt
down and is n leader on the court. which is
vital for a basketball team."

Edwards feels ltcr strengths on the court
are lter defense and passing. “Defensivcly. I
try and go after tlte ball as muclt us i can.
and I try not to let the player l'tn guarding
get tltc ball. ()rt offense. i try rtrtd get the
ball to the open titan." she said.

Wurncr rtddcd. “Dcfensively, Rhea ls
superb. We really look to ltcr for her
defense. ttrtd when site plays well defensive-
ly. tltttt helps her offense. She was bcutttlrtg
ttftcr tlte liinghtrrnton grtrtte because she
knew she had done a great job. Site also has
a nice outside shot."

Edwards Itttrt ltcr knee irt Saturday's loss
at Pace. but she hopes to be brtck at full
strength for this weekend’s itttpurtartt
(‘rtpitul District 'l‘ournttment at St. Rose.
She htts qttictly been one of the Danes strtrs
all year long, and her team-oriented at-
titude has the Danes ill the hunt for post-
season action. If they make it. you can bet
lllttl Rhcu lidwttrds httd tt lot to do with
It. I I

ALAN CALEM UPS
Senior forward Rhea Edwards has been a very unsolllsh player for the Albany
State women angers this season. '

Dane indoor harriers obtain different results

Jones and tltc pcntttthlon with an ac-

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

nntnn m-

 

 

 

 

IMPORTANT
INTERVIEW?

invest in a suit that
retains its qual/ty
for years to come.
Vested suits for
young men, a blend
of 35% worsted
wool, 65% poly. For
your sake, don ’t
settle for less.

\X/(ll IS & (LOVCIQW

Stuyvesant Plaza
489-5508

 

WILL VURMAN UPS
The Albany State men’s swimming and diving team took a third place In a tour-
leam meet last weekend.

Men swimmers finish third

"'2 'ii‘yi‘r—tﬁ'itﬁuctuiirls’ 

 

The Albany State men‘s swimming team played host to Buffalo, Stony llr'ot
llingltamton Saturday afternoon at University (iym. The Danes lost to hotlt liuffalo
anti Stony llrook tlcspitc nturty strong pcrl'or‘tmtnces. llinuharttton did rtot score irt tltc
four-way contest.

Stony lirook eventually Itcut (tilt at much improved Ilttl’fttlo sqttttd adding three wins
to their record tltttt has earned tltcrn national ranking. The two teams broke seven pool
records and several tttccl records between them. The hard swimming, Danes were able to
score tltrottghottt the rttcct. btrt were overpowered by the stellar performances of tltc
competition.

Albtttty first scored itt tltc 400 meter medley relay. Andy Motoht. Rob Murphy.
Michttcl Wright, and Dave Motoltt were tiutcd at 4104.6. their best this season and good
enough for third place ltorrors.

In tltc l.()t)() trtctcr freestyle. I-‘rnnk I’arktt took fifth place and freshman thync Iiurr
finished eighth. "Wrtync is a hard worker. We've been looking to gel ltittt qtrttlificd for
the SUNYAC's and he just missed it." said Coach .loc Shore.

In it close race. 'l‘ont llendcy 0:53.47) and Glenn Quackcnhtrsh 0:53.56) finished
sixth and seventh in tltc 200 meter freestyle. Dunc Frank (‘ttwlcy finished eighth.

Jeff Kennedy had two fifth place finishes; first lit the 200 rttcter irtdividttrtl tttcdley and
later itt the 2(X) ntctcr backstroke. Dunc swimmer Lenny Sltool) curncd fourth plrtcc irt
the 200 rttctcr breaststroke. His time of 2:28.55 is his best this season.

“The corttpelition was very tough. Many tirttcs we swam well ttrtd still lost. bttt it's
sum! to get this kind of competition: it's chtmtpiortship experience." Shore said. “We’ll
see Buffalo agrtin in the SUNY championship and hopefully we'll score better tltere."
The swimmers will look to improve on their seventh place finish lust yettr irt the

    

, t

  

Women cop fifth place

liy 'l‘rttcy Carmichael
\lrlll "NIH"

Weeks of hard training finally prtid off

for tltc Albany State women's indoor track
tcttm this Saturday at tltc L'urtlttrtd lnvitn-
tiottal irt Cortland.

Albany took fifth place otrt of It tctutts
competing with a score of .‘lo points. l’irst
plttcc went to the host team Cortland with
Hill points, followed by Ithaca with 88.
Syrttcnsc took tltird plttcc and Alfred was
fourth with 42 points.

llcttc l)/urnha had tr pctmttttl best iIt tltc
five kilometer with a time of 19:44. Other
notable improvements were ttccotttplisltctl
by Lil Neoporuttt with (t 20:57 iii the same
race.

“l'nt qtritc pleased with the distant run-
ners," said lrcttd coach Ron Wltitc. “'l‘hc
tcattt is progressing nicely.” Sarah (‘ttwlcy,
the tri-cttptain, had a shuttle improvement
front last week's ntch in tltc thrcc kilometer
run.

In the five kilometer. Kathy McCarthy
had an irrtprovcd titttc of 19:25. putting Itcr
irt fifth place. Rottrtic Dunn had a rcspcc-
table first time score of l2:l3 in the three
kilometer. Dartn presently holds tltc school
record for the It) kilorttctcr outdoors.

Other learn places Were Julie Srnytlt in
tltc 55 tnctcr Itttrdlc with a tirtte of9.3. pluc-
irtg ltcr fourth irt the event. Lyrtellc Shcrritt
took tltird with a tirttc of 7.4 lrt the 55 meter
dash.

Attila Heath took second place irt the 600
ntctcr race withn tirrte of 1:445. Tltird plrtcc
went to Jenn .loncs with a l:56.l. White
said this was the strongest event itt tltc ntect
for Alburty.

The women look fiftlt phtcc itt tltc 1000
rrtctcr race with a tintc of 3:333 by Irma

cuntttlttlion of 2,337 points by Carolyn
.loycc.

Next Strtttrdrty the women go to l'lrtlt-
sbmgh for it dual tut-ct. “We're looking
forward to the meet." said While. "It's a
close rivalry with l’ltttlsbutglt,” ’

Men take local meet

liy Adam Wilk

\I III Hit/III!

The Albany State man indoor track
team upped its record to six with .trrd one
loss with a victory in the annual Font-Year
tttca \clttltll ntvct last wcckcnd.

Albany's victory in the meet. which in
clttdcd teams from Sicnrt, Union and
R.l',l,. made it tltc third time in it I0“ the
Danes have won the meet.

The rnccts results prompted conch Robcrt
thscy to proclaim that his Il'illl] “i:. no
dotrbt the best itt thc rtrcrt.“

“We didn't want to lose tltc ntch and
we're very Ituppy we won." Itc continued.
“We won because tltc team was pumped up
because we're taking on tltc locals."

Albany was led by Marc Mcrcur'io. a
sophomore. who set a school record irt the
35~pound weight with a toss of l4.5‘)
tnctcrs. .hrttior Bill Munsitt broke his won
school record in the shotput with a loss of
15.2l meters.

Freshman Tony Rizzo won the 500 meter
rtrn with a time of l:09.l. lirie Newton cnp-
turcd the 400 ntcter dash itt 5l.2. l’rtul
Mcnec won tltc triple jump with tr leap of
13.4] meters and freshman Bruce Van
Tussc took the 50 rttcter high hurdles with a
tintc of 7.1 seconds.

The team‘s next meet is iIt Plrtttsburgh
this Saturday. “it'll be a tough match but
we'll be alright," Mttnsey said. I l

 

 

 

Great Dane Basketball—~—

Tonight at Oneonra
Thursday at Union

“car all tltc action on 9lliM

 

 

 

SUNYACs. “if we swim Well. we should be irt the top five." Shore said.

 

 

 

