 

r It‘amimzirwoemmtamrmmwwﬁ

   

 

»

 

 

 

 

DrronrALc

ltis face.

Casey — no comment.

mlltee have to hide?

shutting tlte door is secondary. More importantly. tltc ques-
tion arises tts to if tlte comtrtittee is breaking tlte law. We
say yes.

“in brief. the law gives the public the right to attend
meetings of pttblic bodies, listen to the debates and \‘ttlcll

 

The reporter then attempted to do a story by questioning
he members of the advisory committee. He asked the
members to tell him what actually was being discussed
about the alcohol policy. Here were some responses: Dean
of Students Neil Brown — no comment; Student Associa-
tion Vice President — no comment; Assistant Director of
Residential Life Liz Radko — no comment; Student
\ssociation Programming Director Richard Golubow —-
no comment; Student Activities Assistant Director Jessica

There are l4 members on the committee arid ottr list of
“no comment" goes on. What in the world can this com-

Obviously the committee ltas made the decision not to let
the university community know the top secret information
now being discussed on the alcohol policy. Members have
qttipped that it” they leak bits and pieces of information.
possible distortions might occur. They say now is the time
the task force can sound out ideas without worryirtg that
their suggestions will be quoted. What kind of secretive
brilliant ideas are being conceived behind that closed door?
Whether or not the committee has legitirrtate reason for

Members only

The door has been closed. An advisory task force has
‘ymet during the past three weeks discussing the
‘alcohol policy on campus, An ASP reporter has at-
temped to cover the meetings in order to write an accurate
story. Each time he has attended. the door has been shut in

 

 

the decision making process in action." says [hc mum”...
from the.Committce on Public Access to Records. 'rhir
comrnlttee is responsible for overseeing the implementation
of the Freedom of information Law and the 0ch Meetingr
Law in New York State.

"in addition. committee and Stthcotnttlitlccs r".-
specifically included within the definition." states the Upon
Meetings Law. Aside from the explicit original lil\\. there
was precedent set in the Syracuse United Neighbor s r s. (try
of Syracuse, l98l. This case. which involved a still .tgtnrm
the ,"Mayor'sTask Force on Abandoned Housing." deter-
mined that advisory task forces are frilly ttpplicnhlc to the
Open Meetings Law.

Clearly all this newspaper is tryirtg to do is upctttte \\t|ltitr
our journalistic obligation to the public. The pnblic'r tight
to know isvbeing grossly violated.

Administration and cotttntittee members are tilttt‘tllg
tltcmsclves above the law. All ASI’ efforts hate ltccn
treated as childish ploys to play with something that In his]
too ltot for our hands.

Wltcre is the strident representation'.’ Student clcclctl Vice
President Schneider. along with four other ‘rltltlt'lli
"rcprcsentitives." ltavc all crutnblcd under lltc iltllltlltlxlttt-
tion pressure. Scltncider ltas shown beyond tittttltl tltc
strength of iris loyalty to his student constituency. ltr. pctv
l'ormance on this issue has been disgraceful.

Althottglt in art academic setting. wiretc opera-w. .tttd
growth are assumed to be paramount. this lllll\t'l‘u||\ Inn
offered a closed mind and a closed door.

lroni 'ally tomorrow is (‘omtuunity University ll.t\ tint
administration has shown complete hypocricy ll\ wiper
ficially opening its doors to the community. while illt' tttror.
that count ltavc already been slammed shut.

 

 

 

COLUMN

Are we any 1

A few days ago. i said to a friend that l thougltt America.
today. was a globally conscious nation. 1 was trying to refer
to a speciﬁc facet of thought that I felt was present irt our
nation today. My friend. taking ttry words literally. thought
i was unnecessarily trying to enhance his view of America
with false virtue. i said to ltitn that I didn‘t think America
was becoming more sensitive to world affairs. 1 know very
few people who fch the pain of hunger for tire slittvtttiott of
those in tire third world, ttor do i know anyone wlto shud—
ders in genuine fear for those who live irt fear ttrtdcr the op-
pression of totalitarian regimes around the world. lint for
some reason, more people itt America today. keep their
eyes on worldly events. i told him. that i felt that almost
everyone in Atttcrica keeps worldly events on the fringes of
their minds and lives. Perhaps it's the media. 1 said. that
makes everyone watch and wottdcr more than they used to.
Perhaps it's the nuclear threat that makes UVL glance
over tltcir shoulders tnorc and peek into ttllturs abroad.
Whatever the reasons are. l feel that Americans today keep
the world on the L'tlgcs of their consciousness more titan
tltey used to.

Laotian Lin 

My ltlLtltl .tskcd rm ll l rcall) thtittgt t‘t’t'rJ’UItt' w think-
ing like this. I said of course yott can never make absolute
generalizations, bttt i think it is bccottiittg more widespread
than it ttscd to be. lixamplc. when l it" recently itt lilorida.
l tncl a man who lives on one of the Stttttllcst of the Florida
Key Islands. He told tnc that lie doesn't see people other
titan himself for somctlmcs. up to two weeks. The first
thing ltc asked rrrc. after rtty name. was “How were the
marines in Beirut." and "did arty more of them get killed."

You scc'l i said to my friend; even the most culturally
deprived and alicttatcd express opinions and cttriousity on
matters of foreign policy. All opiuiotts may not ltnvc to be
educated. political rationale. bttt they are still expression.

So what does this mean? My friend asked, I don't know i
said. but I was very clear on the resolution that lllCr‘tth‘tl
awareness is not necessarily btittirtg greater change. Attd
you know wltnt'.’ i said. incr ased turn it ‘s does not
necessarily tncan iuctcuscd intelligence. The reason i even
ttoticcd tltc phenomena l was speaking about. was because
of all tltc political incoltcrcncy going back urrd forth. My
friend poittted out to tire that calling everyouc's opiuiott
"incoherent" was a bit snobbish. Yes. i said bttt l'cttlllc. l
tltink even the govertrrrrettt is wrong. i tltittk we are conduc-
ting otrr foreign policy inscnsitivcly and with little regard
for ottr imperialist tendencies. liven l ltavc my own "final"
word on the world.

But let's not talk ttbottt views anymore. Let" pttt aside
ideals and talk about reality. Reality? My friend asked.
Yes. l said. Let's talk about the reality of all foreign policy.
Let's talk ubottt war. War. That's the real thing. Men
lighting. shooting and killing. War. romanticizcd by glory

 

c

 

     

 

     

 

 

until you are tlterc. then it is real and unromttntici/cd. so
real that tntttty do not survive cvctt if tltcy arc ttot killed.

Wait a minute. my friend said. There are other
“realities” of foreign policy. ‘l‘radc sanctions are ottc ex-
ample. Nations lit and will get urottnd them, i said.

What about military cxcerciscs that display force? My
friend asked. They are riot tltc real tltitig. tltcy arc ittcottse»
trucntial. Besides. they really don't intimidate any tnorc Ita-
tions that aren‘t intimidated already. The reality of all this
talk is still war. Now. i said. since people supposedly tltink
about the world ntorc. do you think they regard tlte
ttltitttatc reality diflcrcully'.’ Do you really think that we are
any less willing to go to war than past generations have
been“!

My friend and | parted company ltcre. The questions that
l posctl to hitu l cottld ttot answer While we sat tltcrc talk-
ing. l tltottgltl about them for awhile and l rcali/cd I may
never be able to tttt\\\’ct' lltosc trucstions l'ully. However.
some thoughts arid observations were spotted irt ttty tnitrd. |
first tttrncd my ttttcntion to tire ltottre front. ttyittg to
fathom what goes on rigltt ltcre iii the streets of America
that plays its part itr the inlctntttion sccnc, What did l we? i
saw the pawns ol‘ the lofty govcrttnrcttt dreams. 1 saw lltc
players of the tcttlity. I saw men.

1 saw their who are outspoken war hawks, I saw men who
are titllspttkt‘tt pncil'lsts. lint most of the men l \tt\\‘ were of
neither category. these were the men of my grcatcxt
curtousity.

 

'l'hongh l hesitate to make sweeping generalizations. I
think that these are mainly men who think that war is not
good. Though these men may impress yott with a sense of
social responsibility with that statement, try a mental cx~
pcrimcut on one sometime. Ask them what they'd do if
Russia moved into (fill in with the corm-
try of your choice) tomorrow. their reaction will show you
that they are ttot incapable of war. Considering the condi~
tions of the world today, willingness is qualification
enough

A lurtlrcr reinforcement is the lifestyles thch tttctr lead
Pride and masculine virtttc prepare their minds lot the
ttlttttutte I'Ctlilly. Have you ever heard the sttttcmcnt “[
don‘t like to tight. bttt if i have to i will." We live
a willing fighting force.

lr'utthct thoughts in the same vein: the government. \sl
tttctttioncd hcl‘ore. interpretations of our leader‘s actions
are loose and many. lntcttlions of governmental actions are
not always clear. citltet. so I will not proceed to proplrcse '
Let us cotrstdcr incidents and circumstances of our lettdcl's
and their lives instead. ()ttr politicians. today. speak a hard
ltttc platform. This ts a confusing decade. Resolute per-
stmrtltttes make the electorate feel secure. Men who cott-
stder war "tltinkttble" are elected because tltcy cttsc th-
minds of the public with their strong character. I L

the American public has a memory of six months Our
present ntovcs Into Central Arnerictt are identical to lhosc

tltlltittgst

 
 

':‘;:r~ m1.

eavawlﬁk’iiméiﬁd’lb

ess willing for war

we madc itt Vietnam. We want to keep otrt lllt'< HtL‘u x r.
it is no different.

Consider also tltc moves of the Smict l lltrtit tan
troops irt Poland attd Afghanistan. as well as tltr ‘ -» our
of Flight ()07. These incidents have all played thr n r r: in
making the Antcrtcan public tuorc corrrtortat 1 with
nuclcar urms. Things happen every month that rzr : " llrt
presence of nttclcar arms and tltcir inctcasc.

So. take a look around you. Do you tlrittk \\c tllt .rrr. it.»
willing for war tltutt past generations have bmt‘ ittrr
seems to be an ominous feeling ill the air that ‘rr r
thirtkablc is possible. We haven‘t been to “at tor r ciir'
over a decade. Historically. it is just about ttrtr irt.
though we in Atttcricn scent to like prctcttdim' llt.tt r r r r
are dottc. we only need a jttstilictttiou tron. to at ltd
Will We find one‘.‘ Will we be any less \\Illlll_t' to w
trot.

 

Md,
YOUR FtNANClAL AID FOP.
COLLEGE CAME rN THE MAN...
60 wives you Corn» 9mm I
@‘t we yooR HAcF OF ME Psi—Ni.

 

    

“.52 T “Fr—r. ~7.~.—

we; 1.15%.“ .—. ._.r-v.

l

 

 

 

 

' " ,rc Mccw V“:‘ﬁ~.§<-\~ .. “mm .r

 

 

 

 

 

     

    

 

riday, October 21, 1983

pectcS  

     

H, .' Crossihlg Over Into.  Twilight Zone

 

 

   
  

'41.

 

 

 

 

 

 

