I “sen”

APRIL 8, I983 ll ALBANY STUDENTPRESS  

Women’s track team loses opener

Lynnette Skerrit led the Danes evettt. Randies finished second

18 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS t , APRIL 8. I983

Education dept. changes on So|omon |aw; Cornell Law School '

Undergraduate Prelaw Program
June 6 to July 19, 1983 ‘

- Albany..NY

- Connecticut

- Garden City. Ll
' Huntington. Ll
- Ithaca. NY

0 Manhattan

- Central at North

Prepare Now For

no 20 Exam 1
ADELPHI UNIVERSITY OFFERS:
- Live lectures - Simulated exam conditions -

Special home-study materials ' Tape library -
Up-lo-tlate course materials - Counseling

the Albany Thruway House.

process-

CALL COLLECT:

I g (516) 481 -4034

Adetphl University‘s LSAT Preparation Course
Center for Career at Lifelong Learning

In cooperation with

 

or take the next course FREE.

New Jersey
- Westchester

Extensive 40-hr. or 32-hr. "Weekender" courses

40-hr. course begins April 12 at

For a free brochure and an Invitation to a free sample
class covering the LSAT and the Law School admission

307 Eagle Avenue. West Hempstead. N.Y. 11552

The National Center for Educational Testing. Inc.

GUARANTEE: Score in the top 25%

 

Fully Accredited.

For further details and/or appointment call:

PTVIedical School Openings“

Immediate Openings Availablerin Foreign Medical School.

ALSO AVAILABLE FOR DENTAL & VETERINARY SCHOOL
- LOANS AVAILABLE ' INTERVIEWS BEGINNING IMMEDIATELY

Dr. Manley l7't 6)832-O763/ I:

ruling may end ties between draft andraid  g 

(Cl’S)-Tlie U.S. Dept. of liducatiott tiiay relieve male
students of tltc ttecd to document tltat they have
registered for tlte dral'l iii ortler to get federal financial
aid.

At a congressional treating late last month.
Undersecretary of liducation (iary Jones said the
departtttent may cltttnge the controversial proposed
regulation, and change its effective date from July lst.
[983 to February lst. 1084.

Under tlte ttew tegtilatioti. men would still lttl\t.' to
declare whether or trot they'd registered. hitt they
wouldn't have to “\etil'y” their registration iti order to
gel aid.

Tlte changes. .Iottes told the House postsecondaty
education subcommittee. “will reduce sltltslttlllltlll)’
the adrtiiitislttitive burden that colleges and schools
believed was inherent in ottr proposed rule.“

('ongress passed a law Itist year requiring itieti to
show proof of military registration when tltey applied
for federal strident aid. The Dept. of lidttcatiori has
been struggling to draw tip regulations to implement
tlte law. '

Draft piotcslots have argued the law is unconstitu-
tionttl bccattse it discritiiittates against itieti aittl would
force ttotiregistrants to ittcrirttitiate theittseltcs.

Financial aid officers around the country have corti-
plaitted the lttw would bury them ltl paperwork and
force them to serve as the Selective Settice System‘s
police.

The tild officers seem heartened by the proposed
regulation change.

“It sounds like a major turnaround." says Dennis
Martin of the National Assocititiott of Student l-‘imtti~
eial Aid Administrators itt thsltingtoit. l).L‘, “The
Education Deparltiictn is changing very radically its
direction."

Under the proposed change, schools wouldn't be iti-
volvcd itt ltelpittg the goiet'nment reril'y registration
for tivo years. at which time verification procedures
would be phased iii gradually.

“It's ti rtittclt more ttiatiageable situation." Martiti
says. “The schools would not he the policemen iii
these matters."

But opponents of the law itself. which littks financial

aid and the draft. are tintnollil’ied.

"l-oiget about tlte regulations. The important thing
is that the law is urteotistittitional." says (tall
Susltiiian, a lawyer for the Minnesota Public Interest
(iroup (Mt’lRU). which recently convinced l'cderal
.ltidge Donald Alsop to ctijoitt schools temporarily
from requiring students to make any sort of legisllth
tiott statements when applying for aid.

Sitshtnait says the liditcation l)cpl.'s new regulation
proposals are “an ohviotts political deal lll order to get
the pressure (from angry aid ol'l'icets) oll Ilicni
(tlcpttrtittetil icgttlators)."

Indeed. Sushittan asserts "some sort of deal “as cut
between" Rep. (ierald Soloniatt. who atttliotcd the
law linking aid arid military registration. arid l)t|lltts
Martin. head of the aid adtniiiistrators' association.

She claims Solotiian. who couldn‘t be reached for
comment, wanted to escape aid adttiitiistrators‘ Iolibv.
ittg and to strip their stipport front MI’IRG's constitu~
tiotial attack on the law.

lit the wake of the new proposals, l)ctlttls Martin »
Dallas Martin's assistant - did scetii to take the con
stittttiottal issue less emphatically than prciionsly.

Asked it~ tltc proposed regttlatiotts would Itpr solit
students' constitutional dilemma itt facing the ait.
forms. Martin said “that‘s a separate issue. and still it
very lively issttc. III” at least this is it better approach
from the Dept. of Education."

litii‘ot'ceiiient of the law would now “be a matter
between the student arid selectite sersice. r\l least the
schools would be out of the middle."

"The kid sigtis the (new) form once, fills iii the name
of the ittstilittioti and ticks off a box saying he‘s
registered or that lie doesn't need to register." says
lIob .lamroz ol' the Dept. of Iidtication.

Department officials will conduct "on-site intestiga»
tions“ to verify if students getting aid are actually
registered, .ltlltlrtt/ says. It" slttdeiits lie on the form
about it. “we'll catch them."

“But (the new regulation proposal) is no big deal
anyway,“ Sushmtitt maintains.

“The law is still nticottstitutiottal. The courts will
take careol'tltat."

 

Open Seven Days A Week
Phone 434-6854

Corner of Clinton and Ouall
Home of Pelican Power

 

HELP WANTED

 

The Albany State women‘s track
and field learn lost its season opetier
to Springfield. i00>45 oit Tuesday
at University Field.

Albany oiin wort six of l7 events
and Springfield swept the first three
positions iti live events.

“I was very pleased with the
times iii view of the poor condi-
tions." Head coach Ron White
said. “We just cttttte back from
recess attd a number of the girls Itad
personal best times iii ottr setisoii
opctter. We scored well but Spr-
itigl'ield jttst overpowered as with
their depth."

The itteel was marred by poor
weather conditions and very strottg
winds.

Three way tie
for Masters
after 18 holes

Angus/rt, Ga.

(Al’)thy l’loyd shouldered his
way into a tie 'l‘liitrsdtty for the first
round lead in the 47th Masters golf
tournament.

l’loyd‘s seven foot birdie ptttt
finished off a five-tinder-par ()7 that
ptil ltitti iii a share of the top spot
with Jack Retitter arid Dr. (iil
Morgan, the non-practicing opt-
metrist who wort the first two tour—
naments ot‘ the season.

But the day belonged to Artiold
Palmer. that tittich loved 53-year
old titan who won the first of his
four Masters crowtts a quarter-
ceritttry ago.

Cheercd on by an enthusiastic
gallery of thousands. slipping and
sliding itt joyous abandott over the
the rain-slickeited rollittg hills of the
Augusta National Golf Club
course. Palmer scrambled in arid
otit of trouble. fonttd a ditelt arid
hit a tree arid still produced it 68

with two victories in the loo-meter
daslt and tire ZOO-meter dash. Slte
ran the lot) meters iii a tinte of I2.6l
and‘ the 200 meters in 27.10
seconds. Skertit jttst missed qualify-
irtg for the nationals lit the
IOU-meter dash itt only the first
meet at the outdoor season.

()ther winners for Albany were
Mttry Randles lit the sltotput with
art effort of Il).2ii titeters. Andrea
l)el.aurier threw the discus 32.24
meters to trike first place iii that

hchittd DeLaurier with a toss of
27.45 meters.

Kathy McCarthy won the
5000~meter run in it time of
l8:47.tiz. ltette [Mamba took third
place. running the distance iit
19:24.34. McCarthy jttst missed a
school record with her littie.

Karen Kurthy was Albany‘s t'inal
first place finisher ot' the day with
art ll:l7.76 in lhe‘JtXX)-mcter run.
l\'itrt|ty's time was it personal best
for her iii that event. I I

A demanding six-week program
for college students who want
to learn what law school is like.

For lurtlier information write to Jane G. Death.
Cornell Law School. 634 Myron Taylor Hall. Box 11.
Ithaca. NY 14853

 

 

 

New York

 

on Campus
April 15
9:30a.m. - 5:00pm.
Campus Center

Recruiting for exam

State Police

May”, 1983

 

 

 

reference books
cost.

Chaykin’s GPA
[knew at
Hofs

IS PLEASED T0 ANNOUNCE THE START
OF THE REVIEW COURSE IN PREPARATION
FOR THE NOVEMBER 1983 CPA EXAM.

I Our faculty has lectured to the N.Y.
State Association for C.P,A. Candi-
dates and to seven of the largest
C.P.A. firms for inshouse training.

I Instruction by highly qualified college
professors. All live instruction.

I Our new live-volume set ol texts and

I Free repeat privilege.
For further information, call
(516) 560-5684 or wrlte.‘
DR. RALPH S. POLIMENI

tra

is supplied at no extra
i.

 

 

 

[)0 YOU GET NERVOUS AND
UPTIGHT STUDYING AND
TAKING TESTS?
Volunteers needed for a study on test
anxiety.
Information on coping with test anxiety
will be provided.

For further information, contact

Dr. Gerald O’Brien, Psychology, 457-8482

 

 

 

 

Your BAR/BRI LSAT Classes Begin on:
THURSDAY, APRIL 14th 1983

TIME: 6:00pm

PLACE: Ramada Inn
1288 Western Avenue
(directly across from SUNY)

(Other locations include NYC. Long island. Westchestet.
New Jersey. Mass. Chicago. Washington DC.)

 

ENROLL NOW & SAVE 3100.
CALL LOIS GOLAND at
465-7371(day) or 489-864 7(evening)
or Contact Your Campus Reps:
Christine Falk - 463-3417
Dennis Murphy - 457-8058

 

Attitude Adjustment Hour
4 - 7 Mon. - Fri.

SHUFFLEBOARD
IMMEDIATE SPORTS RESULT

Food Served till 3:30
TAKE OUT AVAILABLE

HOII $1.00 PI'I'GI-IEIIS 9-I1

REAL BUFFALO S'I'YLE

CHIGKEII WINGS _ SI.95
 SA Funded

'I'IIES LADIES IIIGI-I'I' D-II ' _

ladies drinks half price 
The Mensa-RAP 
.. ﬂ

were REAL nmvs‘ lllGI-I'l __

:1?::I:II‘:GII:::   f '  Trackmen win

'I-Huns alleles-I writes 94: st.” ] Wine and Cheese “Place
' s3'5°l “’“" Bill Hrauss

     Iealuringntellowrnck
TRI‘I 4'1 and Q-II .  M Friday&$aturday
./

SUI BLOODIES-A-BUSK I6 oz. \ ’ April 8 8x 9
calculate writes a; 0. cwuscwrmsmomm
s I o 9 5 s  . 5 o U.“  ‘ 0 FRIDAY ANTI; SATURDAY

103 Heger Hall. Holstra University
Hempstead. N.Y. 11550

HOFSTRA
UNIVERSITY

cvctit itt |‘)7|. DIVISION OF
Defending title-holder (‘rtiig CONTINUING EDUCATION

Hofatra Univ-rally II an equal educational opportunity tnetltutton

Eileen Ford - 457-4909
Gary Pagliarello - 455-6942

. _ that left Itittt a single stroke oil" the
   S  I e  pu'ljied with ltittt at 68 were 2l-year
30] (mt ads, contact Iocal old amateur Jim Hallet. re

Snead. t'ormer Masters champions

    Seve Ballcsteros of Spain arid

    45-year old (‘ littrles Coody. \vltosc  the course tha‘ prepared more

than 20,000 law school graduates last
yeah

last ot'l'icial triumph cattte iii this

Stttdler played the last seven holes
live under to gel lit at ()9, lie was
tied with llrttce l.ict/ke.
I Tom Watson, a two—time winner
Contact David Blum 457.8087 or 457_5034  here attd currently tltc holder of the
I U.S. arid British Open titles, birdied
-' -  "w ' ” * * “W ' '  the two back-nine par-live holes to
get itt at 7().

Jack Nicklaus. five-time Masters
wirtiter and holder of 17 major pro-
l'cssiottal titles. strttgglcde to it 73
that left ltiiti sis shots back.

'l‘oiii Kite and (‘al l’eete were
among the large grottp tied with
Watson at 7t), l.cc 'l't‘cvino slioi 7|.

 

 

 

 

Great Sales Experience!

 

 

 

 

. A Talk by Paul Loeb

Author of “Nuclear Culture”

How do people who monufuoturo weapons 01‘ atomic destruction justify their work?
How do we all suppress or confront the question of’ whether we will survive the.
nuclottr ago? Duos the bomb affect us even it" the missiles are never launched?

 

.l{M uo ansst

Alﬁ touuoa
uonnqutuoo iueuoduit ue sr SILLL

Poul Loot) apont 3 years studying Hartford. WA. homo ot‘ the world‘s largest atomic
complex. IIo will spook about the monwt'rtr olosor to Dogwood Btttnsteud thtut to
Dr. Strungolovowwho'vo manufactured the plutonium for half the weapons iti
America‘s arsenals. about the wives wlto'vo attended thirty-five yours of bridge clubs \
and too parties whom the subject 01’ I-Ivbomba was never even lllOllLlOncd. and about
the kids whose high school symbol in it ininitttttro mushroom cloud. His talk on Living
With The Bomb explores the ootmootiona botwoon unprecedented global threats and

our ordinary lives.

<Beck Page

the post-season, Sophtnoi‘c Mike
Riggiiis hits developed itito a top-
i'light sprinter iii the 100 arid 400
meter races. Rookie l’tit Saccticio
and senior Scott Sachs ltave botlt
developed impressively.Freshman
'l‘otty RIIZO hits rtiti with the best iii
the 100, 400 arid lItX)-rttctcr runs.
displaying both talent arid tiiaturity.
(‘aptain liric Newton leads the
sprinters by example. ()titdooi's he
cottld be the best 4(ItI-rtieter runner
in the slate. Newton‘s tremendous
talent ritid consistency will lieIp liitit
iti his attempt to lead both the
MIDI) arid 4x40ti-meter teams to the
National Championships. t t

.Kun Vonnegut
uaunuoaat Jaqﬁtu e a

ttitmctteo ntauuax unof-

 

auo "spuadap [BAt/unS [re trot

..'U0ttep

“Nuclear Culture is an important book,
at.“ un

wisely done...A lot of smart people who have
some influence on the course of history will
read and admire you-and learn from you

"“i

 

DATE: MONDAY APRIL 1m.
TIME: 7:30 ' ~ »
PLACE: I_.c 5

 

 

. . . .
UNIVERSITY AUXILIARY SERVICES

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ti~-»~4~—n~~nt|n‘wau§hdl¢w4~tn .. :t,..=...~ .tr' . mew-nu» 

' Langston“... . .. 

 

