     
   
 
     

 

 

 

by Damd Singer
Those of us who have grown up in the 70's and
early all s have watched more television than any
previous generation. despite the fact that televi-
sion has had very little to offer in the way of quali-
ty. Some of the best TV available has come in the
form of reruns of "classic" shows from the 50's.
trti's, and even the 70's. such as The Honey-
mooners. I Love Lucy. The Odd Couple. and.
most recently, Mash. Probably the best thing
about reruns for the fans is that they are usually
scheduled daily, When originally aired. the
viewers had to wait a week between episodes. but
for today's fans, these shows can be seen at least
once a day. and twice or even three times depen-
ding on how well you can negotiate your cable
box.

Of all the "classics," the one that ltas offered us
the most, yet always seems to be the least accessi-
ble is. The Twilight Zone. The Twilight Zone was
originally aired as a weekly series on CBS. from
1950-1964. for a total of 156 episodes. all shown
in prime time. As a rerun. it has always been a sur-
prise to find The Twilight Zone on before 11p.m..
and oftentimes it can only be seen after midnight.
But the late air time that The Twilight Zone has
traditionally been scheduled for has actually add-
ed a lot to what is already an incredible show. The
Twilight Zone just isn’t the same when it's light
out. and the later it's on at night. the more effec-
tive the stories become. Probably the most crucial
element for a proper "Twilight Zone" atmosphere
is that the lights must be out — the viewer must be
immersed in the mysteries of the night.

l'm from the New York City area. so I grew up
watching "The Zone" on WPlX (Channel 24 on
Capitol Cablevision). Throughout high school.
WPlX showed the Zone on a pretty regular basis
on weeknights around 1 a.m. This made things
pretty tough because of school, and my parents
didn't particularly enjoy finding me watching TV
that late, or sleeping in front of the TV the next
morning. So i didn't watch the show very regular-
ly. The show was usually also aired.however. on
Friday and Saturday nights. though even later,
say 3 or 4 a.m. This was a great way to end the
night. whether still with friends. or at home alone.

Summers were. for me. the best time for The
Twilight Zone. Even if I was working, staying up
until 2 a.m. on a weeknight didn't seem so bad.
The problem was that with summer came the
Yankees, and WPlX aired many of their games.
The games would always end after 11 p.m.,
pushing back the regularly scheduled programm-

. - r -

 

ming. This wouldn't be so horrible except for the
fact that WPlX always seemed to try to get back
onto their correct schedule by putting on the Zone
“already in progress." which is nothing short of
sacrilege, or by not showing it at all! Nothing could
be more frustrating than staying up until 2 a.m.
and not seeing the Zone. or seeing half of it.
especially if its your first time seeing the episode,

When i got to college (Fall 1980). l learned to
appreciate what I once had — The Twilight Zone
was not broadcast in Albany. l learned that
Capitol Cablevision had WPIX. but living on cam~
pus, i had very limited access to cable TV.

During the summer of 1982. a new station
started in Albany — WXXA. channel 23 (5 on
cable). Not only did it feature lots of great movies.
but The Twilight Zone was on every night at 11
p.m. Amazing! But 11 pm. had always been
prime studying hours for me. A change in
schedule seemed imminent. i think whoever runs
the library must be into the Zone. because when
the school year started. the library suddenly had
new hours — it was only open until 11p.m., not
midnite. Perfect. At 10:40 p.m.. I'd hear "The
library will be closing in 20 minutes. If you’d like to
check out any materials, please come to the cir~
culation desk now." which to me meant "The
Twilight Zone is starting in 20 minutes. if you'd
like to watch it tonight, please go back to your
room now." Every night a group of us would go
back to my room, turn out the lights, and cross
over into The Twilight Zone.

At the end of 1982 a book called The Twilight
Zone Companion was published. The book is a
long overdue “show-by-show guide to one of the
greatest television series ever." and a must for any
Zone fan. It contains information about Rod Serl-
ing, the history of the show, and a section on each
episode. For each episode we get one or two pic-
tures, the credits, the opening and closing
monologues. a short synopsis of the plot and
then some trivia about the episode. For Zone fans

 

r iiﬁswm.wmwuw mm.~...,.~mym. V

r

r

-...' m... ~5-

 

   
 

both fanatic and casual. this book is nearly im-

"Well, this womanisti

POSSible to put down; one becomes lost in this seeing the some iritchlrit

magical world, awakened to reality only by a fear
that the 'episode you are reading about may be
one you ve yet to see — a rare treat.

The first thing i remember doing with the book
was trying to count how many episodes I had
seen. but it was hard to remember exactly which
ones i had seen. without reading the synopsis’
which i didn't want to do. because if i hadn't seerl
the episode. i didn't want to know It's plot. The
same thing occurs every time i have a conversa-
tion about the Zone. There is no such thing as a
short conversation between two Twilight Zone
fans. Once this common shared love 5
discovered. a discussion about every show that
can come to mind Inevitany blossoms, Like
readrng the book, the problem that arises is a
:esire not to learn the story of a Zone that you
mazethyst to see. The conversation might develop

“..,did you
hitchhiker?"
"l'm not sure. What ha ens?"
. ‘1'

see the one about the

“Stop! Don't tell nretzm

that one."

Favorite episodes arr1
discussed. wlrit'h mtrkessrs

    
      

and she keeps

e. l haven't seen

ways the first ones
éﬁMy favorites are.

"To Serve Man". andeery-lmprovement of

Salvadore Russ " Both ariaq
prise ending
Zone. l can't tell you
because l wrrulrlrr't w
once a Zone f.rrr gets star
shows that l rrrerrtinnc
scary. but overall. ' u
for being frightening is \i‘ei‘let
is secondary to it» it
acting and directing.
on human rrrrtrrrr'hrrt

dipped with a sur-

the trrdisarlt of The Twilight

)prrintzmsf
and llm‘ '5
I gotta};

'r’rrore about them
aniiisppll it for you. and
1d,: . Neither of the
time are particularly
I'iru Mid Zone ‘5 reputation

erved. though this
or quality writing.
erling's keen views

Rod Serling wrote 92 Olllle 156 ePlSOdes Of

The Twilight Zone r'illtl saw:
ducer, narrarrrtor .rtrd rrr
all of the eptsotles
tones. Serling"; insights
. The

celebrit

aster 6
Speak!)
help

 

   

as executive pro-
f artistic control for
j in matter-of—fact
d turn him into a

 

  

Titiilitilil Zone -=

Dwed Serling to ex-

' press his passions on social ills. through the subtle-

 

ty of metaphorical suggestion against a backdrop
of science fiction and fantasy. He said of the Zone
that, “Each show is a carefully conceived and
wrought piece of drama. cast with competent peo-
ple; directed by creative, quality-conscious guys
and shot with an eye toward mood and reality."

This past summer a movie called TwilightZone:
The Movie was released. receiving mixed
reviews which tended towards bad. The movie
consisted of four segments. Three were Twilight
Zone remakes and one was an original. The
original was written and directed by John Landis
and was very trite. it had a typical Zone plot. but
lacked the real surprise of the TV show. Steven
Spielberg directed an episode called "Kick the
Can." which was perfect for him. In terms of.sen-
timentality, this episode is the ET of Twilight
Zones — you know. the kind that could make you
cry. ET almost had me crying. this didn't. The
third segment. called “it's a Good Life." was so
different than the original that i had no idea that I
had seen it until i looked it up in the book. This

 

 

   

 

last segment was the best. it is called “Nightmare
at 20.000 Feet" and was directed by George

Miller. The original version starred William
Shatner. so it was tough to watch someone else in
the role. but it was John Lithgow's brilliant perfor-
mance as a man going crazy that made this seg'
ment the only one to rise above mediocrity. Dan
Akyroyd and Albert Brooks made brief ap-
pearances at the beginning and end of the movie.
which added some humor and surprise.

l thought that, overall. the movie was quite
entertaining, which is pretty good coming from a
big Zone fan. i probably liked it so much because
although I wanted it to be great. I didn't expect it
to be amazing like the TV show. Though it was
enjoyable. the film did not come close to capturing
that intangible essence which makes the original
Twilight Zone something much more than enter~
tainment.

Besides. the movie was in color. which made it
all the more difficult to think of it as actually being
The Twilight Zone. The Zone will always be
remembered as being in black and white, While
color TV excites. entertains, and fills the senses.
black and white leaves more to the imagination, It
is composed of various degrees of shadows and
light and as Rod Serling said. The Twilight Zone is
“a land of both shadow and substance." and. "a
journey into a wonderous land whose boundaries
are that of imagination."

The movie was narrarated by Burgess
Meredith, a very good choice. despite the fact that
The Twilight Zone and the late Rod Serling were
synonymous. Meredith. along with child actor Bil-
ly Mumy and Jack Klugman. was probably in
more Zones than anyone else. so he did have
close ties with the show, evoking nostalgic sen-
timents from us fans, He also has a wonderful
storyteller's voice. But again. it just was not. and
could not, be the same as Rod Serling and his
original. inimitable narration.

\.4>I;4\a’uuim«~—vm.>.y~ ao-

 
        
 
  

 

The Twilight Zone is a truly remarkable
phenomenon ﬂ a TV show that originally aired
20 years ago. yet still has a "cult" following type of
status. What is most impressive about the show is
that each episode's moral or point is still valid to
day. Whereas The Honeymooners and The Odd
Couple can still he enjoyed because they're funny.
The Twilight Zone remains a pleasure because it
makes us think. and Wonder. it presents us with
questions that force us to reevaluate the way that
we look at things

Why this show was able to generate such a
following has been in part a matter of timing. Dur
ing a period where we were all addicted to junk
television. this was possibly the only show that
was Worth our 30 minutes — euery tinrel What
made it work was that it stimulated our brains
while entertaining us with the unexpected. And
during the 70's. when apathy and ambivalence
seemed to be the guiding forces behind politics
and morality. when the country was trying to
recover from the polarization of the 60's. The

Twilight Zone was a lone clear voice. calling for
human decency and good sense in the face of the
unknown.

Not only was the show unique because of its
stories. but even more so because of its presenta- ~
tion. The filming was almost always superb and in-
novative, the acting was simply in a class by itself.
and. of course. the show always began with the
familiar haunting music and introduction, “You're
travelling through another dimension . . ." By the
time that Rod Serling — remembered for his stark
lack of upper lip. and a voice that seemed to fit the
show to perfection — finished his opening
monologue. only several minutes into the show.
you were already hooked by the intriguing sug-
gestiveness of the plot.

Currently in Albany, The Twilight Zone can be
seen on weeknights at 11 pm. on WSBK. a sta-
tion from Boston, available on Channel 23 on
Cable TV. For those of you on campus or without
cable television. it would probably be worthwhile
to write to WXXA to try to get them to put it back
on. . ,.

The introduction to The Twilight Zone Conrpr
nion starts. “if you've bought this book. or yotr'r.
reading this introduction in a bookstore. you are
reading it for one reason and one reason only ‘
Rod Serling's The Twilight Zone entertained you.
touched you. and left its mark." For those of you
who haven't entered The Twilight Zone.
remember, the door is always open. Watch the
show. You'll probably be surprised.

  
  

 

 

