 

  

4 ALBANY STUDENTPRESS D OCTOBER 21,1983

“A n

 

    

. .. .,. gnaw“. .

‘iNTERNATioNAL'EiLM. GROUVPV
t PRESENTS:
i ‘ FRI., OCT. 22

.1, t
f t
x ‘ CARY KATHARINE JIMMY
;' 1: GRANT HEPBURN STEWART
i
: IN

4
THE PInLAIilnmna ‘
STORY.

 

SAT. , OCT. 23

 

 

HUMPHRE Y
BOGART

K A THA RINE
I N HEPBURN

' ‘IlE AF] I ‘AN UEEN

LC 1 7:30 and 10:00
1.00 w/tax card 1.50 w/out

< s.a. funded

 

 

 

 

 

llAE'

 

   
  

IS 6XP€N5|V61

EVERY FRIDAY EVENING lN THE PATRDUN Rﬂﬂii
5:30-9PM———~~~ ~
4: 95¢ @mmjzm (4% : 457-4555
CAMPUS CENT” Mill. CARD DINNER DPTIDN ACCii’iEii

iiiniueraitu Attxthttru etrtttrea L‘punuurtb [A

“(Judith-"rim

ONLY TH€ NAME

 

 

 

 

g ‘

Nobody carries more models We have h
' . u d
of books and magazmes. We even carry ronbtsrtigs

Hewlett-Packard Commodore Ea Ie Frankl‘

I I I I I
E son. Texas Instruments Professgional. Atarin
S nclatr. Coieco Adam. Androbot. '
' Software galore!

Communicating micros our speci
alt ...let us tur
your micro into a terminal. y n

We're the area's largest computer store.

 I the

(next tO Dunkin D’nuts)
PHONE - 482-9432

 

M
FOOTBALL BIG SCREEN

9:00 - 1:00
2 HOT DOGS & DRAFT $1.00

_ rues-Ave
OLDIES NIGHT ON NEW SOUND SYSTEM

9:00 - 1:00
ORDER OF WINGS & 32 oz. PITCIiiCR

1238 WESTERN AVE.
ALBANY, N.Y.

438-1718

 

 

 

I I computer
I I I cellar

e. Westgate'Plaza. Central & Colvln Avenues
Albany. New York 12206 482—1462. 482—1463

Open weeknights 'tll 9. Saturday 'tll 6

 

 

_ $3.00
wennesnavs
32 oz. PITCHERS 0F MIX DRINKS $3.00
(BAR BRANDS ONLY)

wutniwi

 

Open DAILY noon "u. 3:09 mitt
«Pizza . snnomeues - Wlﬂlﬂt‘iﬁw .‘

 

 

 

 

By Jerry Cam lone
'l)l1’()Rl/il. ASSIS' ANT

 

 

 

New York State Attorney General Robert
Abrams opened the third Consumer
Awareness Conference Tuesday by remin-
ding the almost 700 people in attendance that
"no matter what we do. we are all con-
sumers."

The conference, held at the Empire State
Plaza. was made up of keynote addresses and
speciﬁc workshops and marked the opening
of “consumer awareness week." according
to Senator Joseph Bruno (D-Rensseiaer
County). Abrams, the key speaker at the con-
ference, addressed such topics as a proposed
used-car "lemon law”. a home improvement
act. landlord-tenant relations and insurance
problems for the consumer.

The most urgent on his agenda of
priorities. Abrams said, was the used-car
lemon law. “One of the achievements of the
last legislative session was passage of a lemon
law (for new cars)." he said. “With titat
behind us. we mttst face a bigger problem; a
icnton law for used cars." he added. Abrams
cited items such as the fact titat “we spent
$79.4 billion for l6.(t million used cars in
l9tlZ" attd tiiat new car dealers accounted for
47 percent of those sales wltilc independent
dealers accounted for It pcrccnl. "What the
law would do is require any used auto tlealcr
to disclose any kitowtt defect to titc cottsnntcr
til the titttc ofsaic" he said. adding that “this
seems like sitttpic equity to tltc consttlnct " oii
the part of the dealer.

Abrams added tital itc “hoped tiic new car
lemon law will push the tiscd car bill through
the political system." With a law like this.
Abrams said that lie “hoped to protect even
more consumers" when they undertake what

is the “second largest financial commitment
a family makes."

lit addition to the lemon law, Abrams ad-
dressed the fact that each year he gets
"floods of complaints about rip-off artists"
who pose as itonte improvement contractors.
Abrams. who called a home the “single
largest investment" said that he had seen
“people absolutely devastated" by these rip-
off artists. According to Abrams. the bill that
he is proposing would rcqttire every home int-
provement contract to be written legibly.
contain the name attd address of the contrac-
tor. the agreed price attd a clause that "the
down payment can't exceed five percent of
the total cost or $300. whichever is less."

Abrams added that he would rcqitire a
schedule of payments aitd a stipulation that
“tto payment catt cxccctl l00 percent of the
valttc of the work dottc so i‘ar."Ahrams
poitttcd out that a similar law had been itt cf—
fcct in California for some titttc atid “accor-
ding to the Attorney (icncrnl. fraud hits
dropped considerably." itc added.

iti regard to landlord—tenant relations.
Abrams said that the most common cont-
plttint was that the security deposit was ttot
returned. One of tile reasons he gave for this.
was that “buildings change hands quite
often." Under a bill proposed by Abrams.
landlords would ltavc 30 days after the tenant
moves ottt to return the deposit. and that
“any purchaser of a building is going to be
obligated for the security deposit."

Abrams explained that he was looking to
arrange for consumers to have the rigitt to go
to court and litigate for themselves in in-
surance crises and saw a real "need to further
regulate in the area of travel." Abrams pro-
posed registration of travel agents and
establishment of a fund “to protect travelers
from insolvent travel agents." Abrams
pointed to a similar law itt Canada and said
that it was "effective." “l'd like to see that
for the state of New York.“ he added.

Abrams' sentiments were echoed by Bruno
and Assemblyman Ralph Goidstcin
(D-Qtiecns) at a pl‘cs' conference later that
afternoon. (ioidstcin reiterated Abrams' sett-
tintcnts saying that “we are ltcre to make the
consumers aware that no matter what they
do... they are all consumers."

Bruno pointed out that he hoped "we can
all work together to make stire that what we
have dottc so far works." lie poititcd to the
new lemon law tutti said that they will be
keeping a close eye on it to "make sttrc it
works."

Both Bruno and tioldstein had several
ideas for the upcoming year. including a type
of lemon ittw for people who biiy houses.
citing a “need to cover that kittd of
situation." according to (ioltlstein. They also

 

 
 

will be looking at the raise in prices since the
bottle law went into effect. According to
Goldstein. “35 to 40 percent (of the cans and
bottles) don’t come back" and he thinks that
this un-returncd deposit money should cover
the handling costs for the manufacturers.
Goldstein noted that the big problem now
is enforcement. “Enforcement is the name of
the game." he said. adding that we "definite-

 

Lisad Honda for sale

 

Abrams urges "lemon /(Iit"';/ilf‘ its?!” (rift-5"“ ‘7 

OCTOBER 2], 1983 E] ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 5

Abrams addresses third Consumer conference

iy need better enforcement" of the laws we
now have.

Kenneth Rosenblum. Commissioner of the
Suffolk County Dept. of Consumer Affairs,
agreed saying that “we have some very good
laws out there now" but. he added. "we need
more people to enforce them."Roscnblum
explained that the lack of enforcement just

 

“impairs functions”_of offi

  

“As the head of a local agency." he said.

“we need more enforcement and equipment

from the state." Rosenblum added that he

was bothered by the “vacancy at the head of

the consumer protection board." Goidstein

noted that that position “will be filled short-
H

When asked if they feel the governor is do-
ing a good job. Goldsteln replied that “the
governor signs all the legislature for con-
sumers that we send him. so he must be doing
a pretty good job." Bruno added that the
govenor “made a great commitment to the
people of the state by signing the lemon
law."

Although the turnout was the "largest
yet" according to Abrams. Rick Ostroff of
the Attorney General's ofﬁce was a little
disappointed. “There was a crowd of bet-
ween 700 to 800 people." he said. then added
that. unfortunately. “there wasn't a large
student turnout." According to Ostroff.
there were students from Syracuse in atten-
dance as well as scveral classes of high school
students on hand to itcar the speakers from
all over the state. however. the turnout from
local colleges was “disappointing”.

While addressing the conference. Abrams
said that he has "heard a retreat when it
comes to the protection of consumers" latc-
ly. “Basically. what the average New Yorker
needs is for consumer advocates tO ittake
sortie basic changes in the law to protect con-
sumers." iic said in closing. adding "Let's
hope that we’ll bring about those kind of
chanch this year." i 1

Expert analyzes Reagan policies

 

By Jon Wiilmolt

in describing the affect of the downing of
Korean Airliner ﬂight 007. Wednesday.
SUNYA political scientist Eric P. Hoffman
said that. I‘it almost insures the re-clection of
Ronald Reagan." Hoffman spoke before a
mixed crowd of students and colleagues in
LC 6.

Hoffman stated that the crash "bears out"
the President's interpretation of the Soviet
Union as a menace to tltc world.

He added that “the event was of major in-
terttational importance because of the tim-
ing; noting the period of transition the Soviet
leadership is going through.

Hoffman quoted the editor-in-citicf of
Pravda. the official News Service of the
Soviet Union, as saying that the military
tttade a ntistakc hy ttot owttiitg tip to the fact

 

immediately. He criticized Reagan. saying
that Reagan “could itave and should have
toned down the rhetoric" that surrounded
the issue.

When questioned about the comparison
between the signiﬁcance of the plane crash.
the Russian invasion of Afghanistan. and the
situation in Poland. Hoffman explained that
the “itigitly emotional" nature of the crash
makes the incident significant to the public.
He explained that people can relate to a plane
crash more than the far-off fighting in
Afghanistan.

Hoffman also discussed Soviet-American
relations before the ittcidcnt. He said that
socialist and capitalist forces are the basic
source ofdisputc between the two countries.
Hofftttatt noted that relations between the
two changed iii the l97ti's when the Soviet
Union achieved strategic parity with the

 

Large crowd expected for
peace rally at army depot

 

By Dean Belz
CONTRIBUTING EDI I'DR

 

such installation in upstate New York.

missiles itt Europe later this year.

at the base.

At least two busloads of people from Albany will join an expected 30.000 otitcrs
Saturday for a march and rally at the Seneca Army Depot near Rochester.
Activists claim that nuclear warheads are stored at the military base —— the largest

“The focus of the action is to stop the Euromissile deployment." said Dirk Hoekstra.
disarmament director for SUNY Albany's NYPIRG chapter.
The Reagan administration plans to deploy 464 Crittse ntissiies and ms Pershing it

“There currently are binding resolutions in Congress to postpone deployment one
year." he said. “and it has picked up a lot of support — but not from the president."

llockstm said "Until recently. the Department of Defense wouldn't say where they
were keeping nuclear weapons. Rut ttow they say that there are 30 bases in the country
where they store weapons. ttnd Seneca may be one."

He added that other unofficial sources have verified that nuclear weapons are stored

 

“One reason people should be upset about the missiles is that should the weapons be
deployed. the Soviets would ntove their missiles up" to locations itt East Germany and
western Poland. he said. These SS-ZO missiles are now kept for front the border areas in
ilungary attd eastern l’olttnd. added i-lockstra.

The Seneca Arnty Depot was the site of a peace encampment by feminists this sunt-
ntcr. Beginning July 4. several thousand women camped on a nearby fiirtn arid par-
ticiptttcd in non-violent peace dciitottstratiotts at the depot.

Several wotiteit still live in a farmhouse at the site anti should be involved iii the
demonstration Saturday. said Hockstrit.

On Monday. a group of about 1600 will ttttetnpt to block the dcpot‘s gates in a nort-
vioicut civil disobedience action. llockstra said.

information on the demonstrations. including transportation. is available at the
Social Action Center on Central Avenue itt Albany.

 

 

 

U.S.. He characterized the 30 years after
World War it in which the United States was
already in the arms race an “exceptional
period.” "Exceptional." he added. because
it had never happened before and never will
again.

Hoffman continued his criticism of the
Reagan administration is their "tendency to
think problems can be solved through
military means." Commenting on how rela-
tions have changed. he said “The East-West
confrontations of the '405 cannot be reprduc-
ed iii the '805."

Expressing some optimism from the
airliner incident. Carl F. Lankowski. an
assistant political science professor at
SUNYA stated that the incident could spur a
"quest for new cooperation." Hoffman
agreed with this view. adding that “We are
going to have to learn itow to coexist with a
cotttttry with different values from ours."

Tlte incident has also affected SUNYA
students directly. A group of scholars from
the Soviet Uttion were set to come to
SUNYA. ilowever. Hoffman explained that
dtie to “fear for the safety of these men due
to the political situation" the visit was
cancelled by Soviet officials.

Hoffman has written several books. in-
cluding. The Modernization of the Soviet
Union and Ear! Wes! Relalions and The
Conduct of Soviet Foreign Policy. He is a
specialist on Soviet politics and East-West

17>

A. uterine ups
Political “ ' " Eric Hoffman
.-lirliner attack reveals "reliance.

