  

 

 

 

 

 

say-r; qua-cu

.   ALBANY STUDENT PRESS Ct NOVEMBER 4.1983

Union campus unaffected by football successes

Scheneelady. N Y
(AP) Win one for academic tradi<
tion. That's the cry at Union Col-
lege.
This liberal arts school of 2.000.
with ivy-covered buildings and a
new Astroturf ﬁeld, is proving that
a reputation for football can be
easily blended into a tradition of
188 years of academic quality.
The Dutchmen are 7-0 this season
and riding a l3-garne winning

streak. Union has been ranked Now

i in the East and tied for 4th in the
nation in Division III college foot-
ball.

Quarterback Dan Stewart ltas
thrown a touchdown pass in each of
l7 conscctttive games. it small-
eollege record. The Dutchmen are
hoping to make the playoffs for the
first time in their 97—year football
history and are enjoying their
hlglrcst national ranking ever.

But the success on the gridiron
hasn‘t changed things that much on
the school's camptrs.

"it’s nice when they win." says
Dr. Dwight l’hartp. chairman oftlrc
school‘s economics department.
"But the school doesn't sink into a
deep. dark depression when they
lose."

Union Athletic Director Richard

Sakttla agrees. “We‘re well aware.

that the academic tradition and
quality is going to be here long after
winning football teams."

Keeping football in perspective is
important at Union.

When second-year coach Al
Bagnoii and his coaches take off on
a recruiting trip. they go armed with
ammunition like: the average stu-

 

 

dent at Union has a Scholastic Ap-
titude Test score of 1.200: 95 per-
cent of Union's graduates who want
to attend medical school do. and
more than half of Union's

graduates in any given year go on to-

graduate school. _
l‘l really came for the
academics." said Stewart. a junior

‘ from Irwin. Pa.. who is slowly shat-

tering the school's offensive
records. He's majoring in Industrial
economics.

A former Big Eight running back
and now chairman of Union's
psychology department. Dr. Rudy
Nydcgger said the school's attitude
ls refreshing. “i remember a coach
suggesting I change majors because
it was interfering with football."
Nydeggcr said.

Another former Division I runn-
ing back. John Autlirro of Notrc
Dame. who is Union's quarterback
and receiver coach said. "We don't
have a lOO-picce hand trnd you
don't wake up to the Notre Dame
light song on gatrtc days. btrt the
idea here is the same and we get a
lot of support."

At a recent practice. Bagnoli ex-
pressed mild concern over the fact
that five or six players were absent
from practice. They all had
legitimate excuses. he said. Some
had tests the next day and others
had science labs. “it comes with the
territory." Bagnoli said.

Bagnoli lttst year led the Dut-
chmen to a 8-l mark anti is largely
responsible for breaking with
Union's tradition for producing at
best mediocre teams. The school
ltas had 30 winning teams, only six

since i950, and is 297-360-63.

"Our commitment to being the
best on the football ﬁeld is no dif-
ferent here than in any other
department at the school or at any
big-time football school." Bagnoir
said.

Union recently defeated RPl.
35-0. in the oldest football rivalry in
New York. with this year's game
marking the 815i anniversary. A
USC-UCLA. Texas-Oklahoma or
Michigan-Ohio State. it's not.

Union offers no athletic
Scholarships. its Astrottrrf playing
ﬁeld is used seven days a week for
intrarrrurals and other varsity sports
atrd it has no brrnd. Football uses all
the money it is budgeted and
retttrrrs very little.

in comparison, the nation's No.
l rankcd football team. Nebraska.
offers the Division l limit of HM
scholarships. The Cornhuskcrs
ltave sold otrt Mcrrrorial Stadium —
over 75.000 people ——- for l2il corr-
secutive games. The school nradc $6
million dollars last year from foot-
ball.

When Nebraska plays at home
the stadium becomes the third
most-populous area in the state.
Wlten people call the sports infor-
mation office at Nebraska and are
put on hold. they hear the play-by-
play from last week‘s game.

Union's sports information direc-
tor George Cuttita said his phone
doesn't even have a hold button.

Union has no football players in
the professional ranks. The school.
however, can claim Franklin D.
Roosevelt's father. the grandfather
of Winston Churchill. 90 college

I'm”

presidents including the heads of
the University of Michigan. town
and llllnois. 15 U.S. senators, 9i
Congcssmen and a president of the
United States as students.

Nebrask has 27 alumni playing
professional football. Many Cor-
nlurskers at least think about play-
itrg professionally. Union gridiron
heroes ponder the world of
business. law or medicine. Senior
offensive tackle Tommy Quirk said
he‘s thinking about a job in adricr-
tlsitrg. '

“I could have went somewltcre
just to play football," says senion
defensive trickle Torrrrrty Plungis.

“Or i could have went somewhere .

just for academics. But i don‘t
think i would have been happy
either place."

Plungis says he got the best of
both worlds.

And at Union those worlds are
meshing together.

Standing in the hallway outside
his office. computer science pro-
fessor Ted Schwartz whispered. "i
know some professors at Mid-
dlebtrry College. Boy did it feel
good watching tts whip tlrcrrr last
year. i had some things to say to
them."

Danes travel to Buffalo

<Baclt Page

the game should be a battle
tlrrorrglrt the air. unless the snow
starts falling irt Buffalo.

“Last I heard it‘s gtrirrt to snow
tonight." said Ford. “We haven‘t
played in those conditions
lately." f |

PAW PRINTS: Buffalo has been
ranked consistently in the top five
teams in the ECAC upstate
poll. . . Tire Great Danes hold a 3-2
series advantage. . . The Danes bet-
ter look out of blitzing outside
linebacker Pal Qulnalin. who leads
the Bulls linebacklng crew. . . All
the action can be heard live with the
play-by-play by broadcasters Ron
Freld and Adam Goodman on
9lFM WCDB airtime l2:50.

d

 

 

. a.  W-

ED MARUSEICH UPS
Quarterback Mike Milano will
be passing Saturday.

 

IUWEISU‘O- KING M Bilﬂios ANNE USU! BUSCH. "C - ST LOUIS

 

 

 
    
   
  
 
   
  
   
 
  
 
  
  
  
   
 
   
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
   
   
    
   
  

Keith Murder
ASSDCM TE SPORIS EDITOR

With a 4-2 win over local rival Union on
onday, the Albany State women's soccer
m ﬁnished out the season with an im-
esssive 9-7-1 record.

The game's scoring began with Kerry
ung's tally at 35:16 of the first half. The
ainder of the half was scoreless. enabling
c Danes to take their l-O lead into the
kerroom.

The next score by Lisa Lum, at 12:02 of
e second half, stretched the Albany lead to

). ,

Union tied the score by accounting for the
xt two goals at 17:02 and 34:59.

This seemed to fire the Danes up. As a
attcr of fact. the next goal was catrsd by a
t of hard work and determination. After a
tee struggle in front of the net. Dee Marfc
pped in the goal that was to be the grtnrc
inner.

Kerry Young added an insurance goal at
:05 to complete the scorirtg.

Coach Amy Kidder commented, "We had
eat passing. 1 think this may have been an
r ti-climactic game after losing the
UNYACs and not making the States."

The Danes' season started out with the
auhattanville Tournament where the Danes
laced third after losing to Manhattanvillc.
3. and destroying St. Johns. 7-0.

Then the hooters hosted Skidnrorc beating
rcir guests 2-].

 

By Dean Chan

EDITORM L A SSIA‘TA

This season has been a year of periodic
ps-and-downs for the Albany State
omen's cross-country team. Two of the
' rightest spots have been co-captains liette
.' zamba and Karen Kurthy.

The co-captains have displayed leadership

hrough their consistently high placings, the St

wo sophomores have dcnrorrstrated their tlr
‘, thlctlc prowess. But it's the qualities that
an‘t be measured with a stopwatch that are
he must important.

The strong cohesion of the team can be
ircctly attributed to the two; they feel that
's their job to keep the team as close-krill as
_- ossiblc. “We'll try to iron out any dif-

tculties." said Dzamba. "Keeping the team
gcther is probably orrr main goal as hcirrg wi
plains." ed
Team spirit is also sotnetlrirrg that tile ctr
omen are trying to push. Before the Capital
istrict meet. the co-captains put up prtrplc M

 TS BRIEF
{5 Bowling Match '

The Albany State Intercollegiate Bowling
Club had its ﬁrst taste of competition last
nigltt at the University Bowling facility.
0n the mcns side. the A team, sparked by
Dennis Hewitt‘s scores of 238 anti 244. heat
I the Junior College of Albany 4-0. Tltc B
' team heat Siena College by forfeit 4-0. and
the C team lost to Albany Business College
' .
The women split their trtntches. The A
team shutout Albany Business College 4-0.
hilc llrc B team lost to the (‘ollcge ofSaint
osc team 3-l.
This is tltc first of I5 weeks of competi-
lon for thc cltrb which is rtrn by sophomore
at Perednia.

Upcoming events

The Albany State Great Danes will travel

0 Buffalo to meet the 6-2 liuffalo Universi-
l’ilulls. Kickoff tirrrc is l:()()...Tlris Sunday
lit: AMIA will commence its Winter indoor
Ports season consisting of hockey. basket—
ttll. volleyball. and watcrpolo...'fhc an-
uul Purple-White basketball garlic. which
3 "10 final intrascrirnmage of “10 PW"
man for the Danes, will he played Friday
V illt lipoff time at 4 prrr in the University

     
   

"\ 4 ‘ I 4 V I v
  

Woman's soccer team bounced in
defeat Union 4-2. llnlshlng the sea

 

Wilson Thomas will play today in the
m. Purple-White game.

 

Jar-“Jana”: to"; '

'l'lrc Dancs' record cvctred ottt to 2-2. after

being blanked by Ithaca College. J-(l.

Albany's wontcrr hooters tltetr did some

shutting out of their own. The learn treat Col-
gate l-(l, antl then stomped Sierra 3-0 on
University Field.

The road was not quite as kirtd to the

Danes as they were shirt ortt by (‘ortlatrd M).

Then they rctrtrncd lronrc to face two

livery once in a while. coach Ron eritc

lets his co-captains choose the type of
workout to be done that day. 'l‘lrcir favorite
workout is a five mile rrrrr from uptown to

utilities both on and off the course. People's Choice. on ice cream shop on Lark

rcct. This is one example of the little things
at the wonrcn do to keep tcarrr rrroralc up.
Despite being co—captnins. neither worrratr

likes to be a leader. "i would rather be one of
the group than to be someone I '
said Kurthy. “i only say something when it's
absolutely necessary. i think it makes the
yottrrger runners tnore comfortable if we
don't shout out directions."

tngordcrs,"

 

Some first-year runners have been pleased
tlr the leadership that the two have provid-
. Freshman Matrru Malrorr felt that the co-
ptains were people she could depend on.

"Whenever i needed someone to go to," wild

alton. “they were there." 'l'ransfer Lynn

 

UPS

 

 

NOVEMBER 4,1983 Ct ALBANYSTUDENTPRESS Spoﬂs 

iootersdefeat Union; finish up season 9-7-1

  

:tt-LL.‘ ' .
ED "ARUBBICN UPS

ck tram their Brockport loss in sumac. to
son with a 9-7-1 clips

learns they rvcrc previously rtndcfcatcd
against. bttt suffered a change of fortnrre.
coming away with a loss atrtl a tie. Lcmoync
defeated Albany 5-l. while Albany could
manage only a H deadlock against St.
Lawrence.

After that the Danes showed their home
fans what they are made of by btrryirrg Rl'l
4-0.

Jacobs echoes Mahon‘s sentiments. “if you
lrrrd a bad day, or if you ever ncedcd
something. they would come over and talk to
you"‘ said Jacobs.

Coach eritc has noticed the dcveloprrrcnt
ot‘ the two botlr as captains and as runners.

UPS
Co-captaln Karon Kurthy will be up
front at the ECACa.

 

What happened next could have ruined the
bootcrs' sesaon. Two players were suspended
from the squad and four others received one
game suspensions due to alcohol violations
that were broken prior to the team trip to the
University of Rochester.

Coach Kidder said. “It could have
destroyed the team. but it made us stronger."

After forfeiting the University of
Rochester gante the Danes were tlrorougltly
defeated by llartrvick on University Field
6-0.

it was then that the Danes shifted into
lrlglt gear winning their rtext three in a row.
They shutout Plattsburgh 2.0. and Castlcton
5-0 before beating Vassar Z-l.

The Danes next hosted the ﬁrst-ever
SUNYAC Championship. Brockport
defeated the Danes l-() in a contest that was
marred by horrendous weather.

Aibatty closed out the season with their 4-2
victory over Union.

Kidtlcr‘s comments on the season were: “i
atu very pleased. \vc inrprovcd an awful lot as

a team, l thoroughly ctrjoycd myself.” t r

THROW lNS: 'l‘he Danes were led ln scoring
by Young with it goals. Lurn with 7. and
Marta with 6 goals and (I assists... 'l‘he stingy
Albany defense gave tip an average of only
2.5 goals per game while the offense scored at
a 3.5 goals [it‘l’ game rate.

zamba and Kurthy lead Harriers into ECACs

and gold streamers in the iockcrt'oorn atrd
posters all over the course. Said one tcarrr
member. “I was getting tired towards the end
of tire race when i saw one of tltcir posters. It
really gave rrre an uplift."

“The rcsponsibilies of bcittg captains have
made them catc nrorc about the learn."
rrotcd White. “’l‘lrcy realize that they are
there to help the learn."

"Karen ts having her best cross-country
season ever,“ corrtintrcd eritc. “i can see
wlrctr a runner is ready; she scents light on her
feet and runs in a flowing, easy motion. llcr
improvement has been noticeable from last
year. She has chrrrrgcd from being a consis-
tent plrrgger into a true contender."

"Karen isn't your typical long distance
runner." said White. "She has rrrorc speed
than endurance. which is becoming tnore ob-
viorrs as her tttrrrritrg carccr goes on. She's on-
ly a sophortrore. so she can really develop in-
to something. Karen even has a remote
chance of qualifying for the NCAAs this
year," ‘

Whitc thinks that [)Iaurba fits itr perfectly
with the ctr-leadership role. “ Site's more ofa
silctrt type. but everyone listens when she
speaks," said While. “As a runner. [think
that llettc will be rt latc bloomcr. She's
been irrrptovmg steadily here, so she will have
a big future with us."

[Mamba has been bothered by an injrtr y to
her right thigh for the past three weeks, the
injury caused her to miss last week's State
Championship arid is restricting itcr to light
practice this week. "The injury itself \rutr't
lrrrrt rrrc at Saturday's lit‘A('. but the lack of
training will." she said.

This weekend's liCA(‘ tournament, which
is being held in \‘l’illitrratrtic. Connecticut.
will present it” opportunin for the team to
rebound from last Saturday. “At this point
in the season." said While, “there's nothing
to say anymore. Wcjtrst hate to do it."

AMIA winter sports begin

 

By Ilruce (ilight

()rr Sunday Norcmhcr 6 the AMlA bcgitrs
its Winter Sports season which features the
traditional sports. hockey and basketball.
llotlr sports promise to be full of competitive
action.

llockcy is broken down into two divisions.
League l hockey has rrrr elite field consisting
of only eight tearrrs. [Zach tcarrr has a
legitimate shot at the title.

'l'lrosc learns favored to win this year are
the Mother l’uckcrs with goalie .lirrr Liskody.
the llladc Runners who are led by scorer
Doug Kahan. Ray l’ioric‘s tcarrr Slippery
When Wet. and A liunch of Fags round ottt
the favorites. Last year's League ll finalists.
Marci llatcrs and Milk, figure to be quite
surprising. 'l'hcrc do not appear to be any

weak tcarrrs in the league.

League ll will consist ofIlti teams when the
season opens. Although there are many new
teams arid faces. many of last years playoff
learns are returning to challenge for the title.

The favorites figtrrc to be the Gladiators
which .fcaturc llob Lindquist antl Dave
l'aylor's l’ush Down and Ttrrrr. Other teams
that should make the playoffs arc the Rat
l’atrol it led by Steve Manley. 'l'he Attr.rt'~
lions and lrtcbritrtion. With this competitive
field it figures to be an interesting season.

The basketball season has the lllilhltltts of
being a pt'otrrisiug scrtsorL There are 59 teams
within tltc tlncc leagues. (‘orrrrrrissiouer
Salerno says tltc 'ttsott will feature at least it)
gtttrres. 'l‘hc playoff forrrrat will be similar to
last years. A strong atrd C(IllljiL‘lllth.‘ field of
basketball is promiscd to allparticipants. t t

 

