     
 

Noah‘s...’ n.

 

for}? ,

 

«saw- 

 

 

 

 

LIBA SIMMONI UPS

Central Council in session
Several stipend changes were slrongl y debated.

 

CONFUSED about the structure of
the
ISRAELI GOVERNMENT and how it
works?

If so , you can clear up some of those misunderstandings
and get your questions answered-

COme hear Prof. Marty Edelman
(Who teaChes lsraeli Politics here at SUNYA)

When: Tues. April 12
Where: LC 6
Time: 7:30pm

Sponsored by .IS(‘ llillel Students for Israel ‘ .
SA l'ttnded

 

 

L

 

NYPIRG is students

 

By Heidi Gralla
srar-‘r warren

Conflict over SA stipend recommenda-
tions prompted chair of ihe‘slipcttd policy
review committee Dart Robb to resign from
Central Council Wednesday evening.

The off-campus representative. who sub-
mitted his resignation prior to Council’s
Wednesday night meeting charged that
"when some members have tried to innovate
or change aspects of SA they've been rtret
with discouragement and disagreeablcr at-
titudes by tlte higher-ups." He added that tlte
criticism was not directed toward Central
Council Cltair Jeff Fromm.

The stipend committee's recommendations
were presented to Council Wednesday night
in the form of a one-page proposal listing all
present stipends and proposed changes.

Council heavily debated several proposed
changes. particularly a proposed decrease in
SA Media Director Libby Post's stipend but
voted to send the policy back to comntittee.

Robb maintained that the stipend commit-
tee lras been working since early February
arid has rt rationale for each stipend. He said

,he wasn't sure what council members wanted
to know so he opened the floor for questions

during the meeting. “i don't know what
tnorc i could have done." he said.

lrt respottse to Council‘s decision. Robb.
whose resignation had not yet been announc-
ed to Cottrrcll. told them “amend that to say
a newly formed committee. "announcing to
the Council tltut he had resigned.

Fromm sttid later that he would chair the
new committee.

Stipend policy changes result
in conflict within Central Council

Both SA President Mike Corso and
Fromm said they expected the committee to
submit a “review of the stipend policy," as
well as recommendations for specific
stipends.

Robb‘s interpretation differed. "My
understanding of lltc stipend committee was
that it was supposed to bring equity into the
stipend figures." he said.

Currently the people holding key positions
in SA artd several SA funded groups strclr as
WCDB and Speakers Forum. rcceivc
stipends rartgirtg front $|75 to $2250.

During the meeting Fromm argued that the
committee's recommendations were "ratt-
dom".

“What the committee didn't do is come up
with a rationale for the stipends...lt was a sti-
pcnd policy cotrtrtrittcc. not a stipend btrdgct
:ontmittce." Fromm said.

Robb explained that tlterc were several
reasons for his resignation. and controversy
over the stipend rccorttmcndations was only
the “culmination” of a year of aggravation
(that) is really rrtorc than one person should
have to endure." he said. Corso said he is
“disappointed” irt Robb for rcsigrting. “ to
me resigning is it weakness." he noted.

Corso attributed much of the problcrrt to
"miseommttnication." adding that he never
“formally” met to discuss goals witlt lltc
:ommittce. which irt addition to Robb iilr
:ltrdcd April (tray and Anthony Nastri.

Nu writtcrt rationale was submitted with
:he proposal. "The information was not
presented well enough to the Council." t'or
it) commented.

Tin-ASP GOES
DOWNTOWN
EVERY FRIDAY. /

pick one up (If a business or lover!

I. t .m- .

Ilt'tll' you.

i.

 

working with professionals to:

Take thavcrime
out of marijuana. L

Reduce govomment
waste to has more

 

money tor education. discrimination.
Eliminate Give students
" credit discrimination more voting

by banks. power.

 

Lower your
electric and gas
bills. *

Train students
to tight tor their

rights.

   

Prevent lire

g3) and auto insurance

Make small
claims courts
more effective.

Fight iury
discrimination ‘
against students.

Reduce educational
testing abuses.

 

Wed. & ‘l'hurs.
April I3 & I4¢h

uptown campus -
Flasrooms
downtown dorms -
cafeterias 5.1
on campus -
so Lobby 9-4-

4-1

 

 

 

 

It you agree

that this work is
worth the price at
hall a record album
a sornoster.

 

Vote Yes [31 On The NYPIRG REFERENDUM

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    

- ~J“. ',-'.

 

 

 

 

APRIL 8, [983 D ALBANYSTUDENTPRESS 5

 

Layoffs not expected to cripple Health Service

By Liz Reich
A'I'rll’l’ il‘RITls‘Il

 

Seven positions in the Student Health Ser-
vice have bectt eliminated as a result of
budget cuts. according to Dean of Student
Affairs Neil Brown.

The Health Service has lost four nursing
and three physician positions said Director
Janet Hood. of the physicians cut one posi-
tion is cttrrcrttly unfilled wltilc the two other
positions are staffed by three physicians on rt
part tintc basis. she said.

The layoffs are scheduled to go into effect
May 22. but llrown is confident that they will
be rescinded wlrctt the school birdch is
finalized since state cuts were lighter than ex-
pected.

"I don‘t want to get into dollars. but (the
Health Service) will have to come up with
substantial savings at the end of the academic
year." Hood asserted. “The savings will have
to come frotrt partially rcplacirtg some of the
positions that were pink-slipped ttnd front the
Early Retirement Program." At least three
ttttrscs will retire utrdcr the Rctirctttettt lnccn-
tive Program artd Hood docs rtot expect that
they will' be replaced. Under the program,
“state employees who announce their retire-
ment between trow and May 2 and who retire
by June 1 will receive tltrcc extra years of
retirement credit." Brown explained.

We're iii a bind." Hood admitted. “But I
tltink we're going to be able to maintain a
reasonable level of health care. I believe we
will be able to maintain otrr in-puticnt scr»
vice. which we sorely rtccd on this campus. if
we didn't have an irr-palient service those
who were sick wortld ltavc to go to the
hospital. We will be down at least ortc physi-
cian. There will be no tirttc for increasing
psychiatric care." she explained.

The Student llctrltlt Service is extremely
cost effective." llootl stressed. “but it stands
out on a large budget." Wltilc it is costly. she
contends. “the quality of the llcaltlt Service
is related to the quality of the university or
college. The top-notch schools all have top-
noteh hertltlt services. Why would they
botltcr if it wasn‘t important?” she asked.

Consultation at the Health Service is now
free.’ btrt llootl supports the idea of irr-

 

 

 

"‘ J ‘ Is treated at lnilrmary

Director June! Iloml coir/ideal services will min/intro.

stittrting a small fee for students in two or
tltrce years. "To risk ill students to subsidize
tltc Health Service is unfair atrd costly to ad-
minister," she said. “Most colleges and
universities. even public ones. have
something on the bill for health ca '. It could
be based on the rtrrtrtber of credit hours cor-
r'ied or a flat fee for all students."

Brown said such a fee is “not possible
urtder State University legislation. The lloard
of Trustees have ctrouglr ideas to raise tui—
tiort." he said. “There was a half-hearted at»
tettrpt lltree years ago for a health care fcc.
bttt the rttortcy didn't go to the Health Ser-
vice. it wcrtt to the State University. l

 

Anti-differential tuition

 

lly AntltonySilhelt;

.l\.\ll( 'Iul II. Ni‘ ll .\ I I1!!!)

 

The University Senate voted Monday to
table an :ttrrcndcnt condctnning differential
tuition proposed by Senator l’billip
(‘hortigttm because it is a “dead issue." ac-
cording to senate chairman ll. l’ctcr-Krosby.

The case has been closed. according to
Kr'osby. because the state legislature has
acted on a final budget for SUNY artd there
“is no need to go on record at this time." by
having the senate adopt such a resolution.

r'tccording to ('ltottigmrttt, who is opposed
to differential tuition. the senate should ttcl
now on tltc issue. which he said is sure to
come up again. rather tltan “pass the buck"
to it new and inexperienced senate.

(‘honigrnnrr‘s resolution followed a letter
ltc directed to President Vincent O'l.cary
charging litill dtrrittg a March l4 senate
meeting :t motion to discuss differential tui-
tion was blocked out and that the executive
committee of the whale ingnored senate by~
laws by not presenting the text nl its action to
the full senate.

in his campaign against differential tui~
tion. Chonigntrtn charged that an executive
committee meeting on Feb iii acted inap-
propritttcly by adopting tr resolution favoring
differential tuition. "It is possible that they
called that meeting to avoid the ctttire
senate." he said. (‘ltonignran noted that
there are no clcclctl sttrtlcnt \Ctlrllttts on the
executive committee. with S.A. president
Mike (‘orso tltc only sttrtlcnt represented.

Krosby denied that tile cxcctrtive commit»
tee violated senate by-lttws in presenting its
action to tire I'ttll senate. saying. “That is
sheer nonsense. The cht was not displayed
simply because this is a dcttd issue."

The reason the executive committee rrtcl in
emergency session. said Krosby. was because
the senate hard to act before the SUNY ilortrd
of 'l‘rustccs made their decisions In late Feb”

Otherwise the action of the senate would
have had little meaning. “We had to at least
provide trtoral support for our president."
said Krosby. adding that the executive corri-
trrittee docs rtot customarily act itr such an irr—
tlcpcndcnt fashion.

According to Krosby. the vote to ptrt aside
tltc (.‘honigmnn resolution was so overwhelm-

ing that he did riot even bother to get an exact .

cottnl. "You have to remember that the
faculty will always be for differential ttritiott
if the circtrrtrstanccs demand it~ttnd it ap-
pears that they demand it." Krosby stressed
that the executive committee action was
taken with the nndct‘stnnding that all dif~
l'crcntittl tuitiort monies would come back to
this campus.

He added that faculty views on this isstrt‘
corrrbirtcd with student opposition to dii-
fcr'ctttial Itrition has led to a polrui/ation itr
the senate—which works to tltc advantage of
the faculty hccmtsc two-thirds to the senate is
front the faculty.

Not all student senators \tlpptit‘lcti
t‘ltonigrntm's testtlttliutl even if they do op-
posc the concept of differential tuition. Mike
llrtgcrty. a senator from Altrrrrrri Quad. said
he believed (‘ltonigtnttn‘s resolution should
be revised. and that lie would not support it
as it stood. “The resolution does not repre-
sent all students." ilrrgctty said. “we need to
be more responsible. 1 from the issue." he
added. "but I question his methods."

llttgct'ty agreed that tile scntrtc was polariz—
ed on the issue. btrt disagreed with
(‘honigrnan's contention that the executive
committee was negligent itt reporting its irr-
formtttion to the senate. “We \\ 'c
informed." he said. “but it wits not as clear
as it could have been.

"Nevertheless." llttgcrty added. “1 think
it is‘ irresponsible for anyone to say the ex—
ecutive committee was at fault."

Senator Harold l.. Cannon. tr business
professor and rnerrtber of the executive corn-
tnhtce. said that according to serrate by-lrtws.

 

     

. H,“ m”...

wouldn't rrritttl seeing a well-slrtrcttn'cd fee if
the money was really used by the Health Scr-
vice. bttt the liortrd of l‘tustccs isn't at that
point."

llood added. "Although the fee is not
possible riglrt now I Ihirtk it‘s important to be
discussing it and perhaps from committees
now."

llrown is currently looking for ways to
continuum the Health Service. ()nc target
area for the state system is voluntary
fnrlotrghs. In lltut progratn. employees with
school-age children agree to take off sctcral
weeks without pay to spend tirrtc with tltcir
families. "Some trtrrscs requested lcntc

amendment

the committee cart report otrt its action any
way it wants. lint ltc added that itt this case.
"that was ctrtitcly Kt‘osby's decision—not
ours."

(‘ttnnon said that he felt ('honigmttn ltatl
insulted the executive cotntttittec and diver tctl
attention from the issue. He said Ire felt that
the idea of differential tuition should be
discussed iii a less-charged tllttrospltt‘l‘t‘.

Now that the resolution has been tablctl.
Clronigntan said he plans no further action
this semester. u'l‘hcre ts nothing rrrote to do
this year.“ Ire said. “but if l‘tn r'e-clcctcd. l

  

t
v

r
t

 

 

Proiossor Harold Cannon
Clroltiglrtun irrt'ttllerl lire t’.\‘t't‘lliit't.' t‘()IIlHIillc’t'.

 

WARREN STOUT UPS

without pay for two or three weeks ill the
summer." \itid llrown. “We're also looking
crtrclttlly to see whether arty costs can be
decreased." He said the prescriptive medica-
tiott dispenser. or pharmacy. of the Health
Service is it convenience for students arid its
prices are competitive. He is c 'rrnining the
worth of that. tutti of the inpatient service.
“The in-palicnt service scents valuable."
lirown remarked. “because it saves students
from going borne."

"We‘ll know by May 2 how many nurses
will retire. attd hopefully by this week
\\ilL'lilt.‘r the layoff notices will be rescinded."
lit’own said. i J

gets tabled

will pursue it early next year." He said lie is
against difl'crcntial tuition because it would
segregate economic classes anti unjustly
discriminate ilgiiittsl lower artd middle irr-
come sltrtlctttx. Additionally. he said. dif-
ferential tttitiort introduces the idea of a
layered university with elite institutions.
lx'roslry, on the other hand. \rtid ltc stip—
potts lltc concept of differential tuition and
its implementation in certain circumstances.
Since tltc quality of education is superior at
tltc university center’s. ltc said, it is acceptable
that students pay more ttritiort. r

  

   

1‘:

"1‘.

 

