 

 

    
   

Cl: 21V) mqnm'urn)

comm...

 

 

 

River To River:
New York Before The War, Part 4

ungarian Pastries Is the name of a

little emporium on Amsterdam

Avenue at filth street on
Manhattan's Upper West Side. Hungarian
Pastries t's consciously unostentatious.
There are hardly airy pictures on the wall.
no ornate furniture. no cushioned chairs.
not even a carpet. it's very rnitrtmal. A
hangout for Columbia students and iii-
tellectuals. Hungarian Pastries lies kitty-
corner from St. John the Divine. the largest
Episcopal Church in. i think. the World.
Patrons of Hungarian Pastries are very
fashion conscious in a bolio sort of way
Jewish girls with Cleopatra haircuts and leg
warmers read Salinger at the tables. Boys
with brylcreetn hairdoes. straight-leg pants
and horn-rimmed glasses peruse Mailer
and Rtlke with gravity. i don't know what
affinity the Hungarians have for pastries but
l've been told that the Turks itrtroduced the
croissant to Austria. The Turks. being
Moslems. brought their symbol. the moon
crescent. Into Austria-Hungary during one
of their many invasions. The crescent was
somehow fashioned Into dough. later pick-
ed up by Napoleon as he turned Vienna iii-
to a heap of rubble. and voila! the croissant
was born.

Bob O’Brian

Today. wheat is harvested by wetbacks
in “limits and sent to the Soviet Union in
exchange for Arab oil while processed
cheese is given out to depressed middle-
class Americans. It never ends. This
labyrinth of exchange is infinite. Lumber
from Brazil's rain forests. pork bellies front
Chicago. beef from the pastures of Argen-
tina. sugar from Cuba. tobacco is trucked
in from North Carolina and there's always
salt from the mines of a hundred places.
This. ostensibly. Is what men go to war for.
From the Scottish highlands. scotch,
whiskey tntoxtcates the world and if you
tried for one minute to stop that traffiking
you would be killed on the spot. lndian tea
is still big business and so is the drug trade;
cocaine. heroin from Turkey and Mexico's
opium fields. foreign and domestic mari-
iuana. These are the commodities These
are the things that aggrandize men. Iron
and coke is smelted to make steel which is
sold to the auto industrialists. Lead is ex»
tracted from the ground and fashioned into
bullets which are projected into the flesh of
anyone who dares to thwart this ancient
process.

For centuries. one thing symbolized the

 

made a man bigger than he was and that
was land. The earth itself. How much land
does a man need? Tolstoy asked. How
much to elude eternal anonymity? How

 

~ w; ‘wm— rqu-vi n- u»; 'rd‘vmv‘im

1

 

 

value of a man over all others. One item.

 

 

 

much land to trade his commodities on?
How much land to build his homes on?
First came the crude aspirations of bar-
barians. then the ideologies. First came the
metals. then the precious metals. First the
raw materials, then the bonds. the
securities. the options. the futures. First the
booty. then culture. then architecture. then
education. then laws. then religion. First
came the prostitutes. the wenches. then
the women. First survival. then con-
sciousness: awareness of a self. ideas about
other people. a rapport with the physical
world. air idea of a past and a future and ti
working language to go on with every day
life. And there is no life without men and
women. There is no future. No hope.
That's what every faith. philosophy. and
taboo is concerned Willi-the regeneration
of life, The world turns Men are drawn to
women and women to men the way the
moon is drawn to the earth and the earth is
drawn to the sun. The utiion of men and
wotnen results iii the ultimate mystical act
The creation of new life But this is not to
say that other lifestyles are wrong. There is
no reason that one lifestyle tnust exist to
the exclusion of another. That really gets at
my tit. That one race should prevail at the
exculsion of another. That one's sexual
orientation should exclude all others. The

 

5'54”;th ~ .4qu  'r'r'v‘. rm -

 

 

world is big enough to allow all customs.
races. practices. and expressions. Why
procreate life if there is to be no free ex
pression of it? Why advocate choice for
some and deny it to others?

in the pastry shop. l espie a woman No .

abstraction she. yet i ldealtze her
shamelessly with her very own Song of
Solomon. She is the world. Her brown hair
shows a reddish tint in the sunlight and it
smells like African violet. Her mouth has
the taste of cinnamon frorri Malaysia. l-ier
nipples are cherries front California or—
chards. Her belly is as firm as the plains.
softened with sunflower oil from Kansas.
There is no place on her landscape my
tongue won't go. Between her legs l taste
the salty water of the Mediterranean.

The soles of her feet are as red-brown as
the Sinai. Her fingers are long and her
mannerisms are intelligent. Her eyes
reveal the wit and soul of the entire human
race She is a prototype of the universe. as
we all are Her bones would calcify in the
desert sun like anyone else's. Her tears are
from the ocean as are all our tears. Her
breath is front the wind and her skin is the
sheath of her being She is the earth lil-
deed. She is a human being and must
someday return to the earth as we all must.
But just for this moment. she is a goddess.
If only for that split second of climax. that
split second of absolute madness when my
fluids are secreted into hers. the confoun»
ding mystery of creation is elucidated. This
is what makes the search worthwhile.

New York is going through a kind of
renaissance. Ever since "new wave" started
happening in '76 and '77. the very spirit
that seemed to have imagined the destruc-
tion of civilization as its goal has uplifted the
city of New York to new heights. New
hubris has New Yorkers walking upright.
One used to see funky Annie Hall glasses
only on Bleecker and Thompson Streets.
Now. of course. debutantes wear them on
West End Avenue. The oil glut has
formented a new optimism. a new faith in
American know-how and invincibility. But
it is an illusion. Oil cannot continue to
lubricate the world. no matter who controls
it. Not until mid-decade. not until 1985
or'86 will people realize that we have been
in the throes of a malignant reaction for the
last two decades. Not until rnid~decade will
the scenario begin to be played out.
Reagan will be dead. China will move into

Mongolia or one of the South American
countries will make its move. We’ll see
Johannesburg put to the torch and

 

 

wholesale genocide in Afghanistan. it Is a

‘we know them. Life will be art. Life will be

 

 

 

time for percussion. The African drum will
beat everywhere. especially over here.
Americans will be ratting on each other
again. Naming names and poisoning each
other with ties. Red-necks will lynch
Japanese workers and burn down their fac-
tories. A strongman will emerge amidst the
hubbub and mesmerlze the faithful. The
federal government will super-nova and
collapse of its weight. The hospitals will be
torn down. The universities will shelter
iiiiddle»class kids while rioting, looting and
general mayhem grip the rest of the
populace. New Yorkers will have to learn
Spanish or move to Westcliester. The
same will hold true in Miami. Houston. l.os
Atigeles. Angola and Mozambique. too

From river to river Manhattan will be lit
the death throes. All the prophecies will
come to bear fruit All religions will recon
(tile their differences All has Will be reveal
ed for what they are. 1 don't mean to sound
anxious for war. The idea of an actual war
repels me. The sad truth. however. is that
people make war wrllitigly. They do if well
There will be no socialized litt‘tllt'liit‘
without war The hungry Will not he ft'tl
without war. There is more sex during war
More robbery and general abandon. But.
again. the question must be askedwhai
kind of war will it be? lit the past. wars
brought together the people of a country it
may require a natural catastrophe.

But there is always the dawn. New York
will not die. The world will not commit
suicide. New standards will be set. New
words wfll be uttered. A new language will
be l)("‘ii 'Tubtlety will be the rule of the day
Pent will communicate with smiles anti
warm gestures. Right now. the human race
is still in thr.l stone age. Our buildings are
stone. our tools are stone. our bodies are
stone. Technology will usher in the age of
Light. Creature comforts will be provided
at the wave of a wand.

Nuance will be everything. Life will pro
pogate with greater discretion. There will
be no prisons. There will be no schools as

science. There'll be terrariums in Times
Square. Playgrounds in Chelsea. l’eUPl"
will swim again in the Hudson The world
will use its technology to illuminate the
world instead of scorching it. The Fausts
and Lucifers of the world will be banished
from the earth. Essays like this one will be
obsolete. Words will yield to music. Prose
will yield to poetry. Hate will yield to love.
The whole world will be singing in ucrse‘. iii
universe. The children are already
slngtrig... l l

t
i

 

 

 

s...

    
   
  
   
   
   
 
    
   
   
  
    
     
  

     
   
  
   
    
 

  

   
   
   
    
 
  
  
    

'C'k- Jwvaf. ted-‘4.- A-v ru‘u' -‘ ‘.

 

he tall whisper gilded across the

room. her thin cotton dress.

biowrr by the winds of move-
ment. fluttered around her She paused
near the window. its laiiit ltglit adding only
minimally to the sensual ideal in her
observer's mind She paused only momen-
tarlly. moving suddenly to the left and out
onto the porch lll'l observer followed lle
wished he had a camera

LS. Lane

“Aiiella. crime with me to the bench to
day it‘s warm out there rilltl you'll like it "

The girl didn‘t speak Shy worried lust
totally to HIV plants and \‘Ii'W it was it till I'
view. the tricks arid waves licliiw. llll‘
wagulls calling and crying. the distant
shore beckoning the porch wm pron-i red
from the sun by a heavy nltirniriiirn roof it
was a protected yrintrtgt‘ piiriii

"Arc vriir coining" Yr rri have to .iiisivci.l
haven't got lill dtiy "

lint answer she did not She tIIlilllillt'tl
standing. looking out Hot pale blue eyes
did not have an answer, so he left She
lit-aid the car pull out and leave. its strtttttl
soon drowned by the mighty. tlirrllingcrash
of the waves below

lfe wandered the shore litre. his Wltilt‘
pants rolled. his toes kissed by the tiny
waves He found himself lonely without
her. and yearned to forget his progressive
indignation. But he knew that it would be
postponing the inevitable if he kept her
close He had to escape. distance himself.
it had started out so perfectly. so very
perfectly He had seen her from afar. arid
he just couldn't forget her. it was so
unbelievable to spot his Vision that lie was
struck dutnb. His blood pressure dropped
as his heart stood still. He had had to meet
her. even to be turned down. He had met
his ideal and he had to cunfiriri it

And she was perfect for him. she was his
ideal Every little tlitrrg she did was magic.
just like the song. and every song tirade
sense suddenly. He was happy

be old place was nice it was this
big old house With a spacious
yard. The grounds were covered
with a lush mixture of graSs and weeds that
was so soft that if you were fit lie down and
close your eyes. it would seem like a bed

In the fall it striellt’d musty from llit! rotting
leaves rllltl llI the spring rt sriiellod of
flowers and weeds The farthest boundary
of the yard was a creek that added its
velvety gurguling to everything, We did back
there In the summer we'd catch tadpoles
and in the waiter we'd crack the ice with
rocks and the creek would go right on
gurguling oblivious to any person or
animal The yard was great territory and in
the middle was this old. marestic oak that
stood guard over the house it wascl
covered wrtlr a thick shell of black bark that
was hard to break off and the roots rippled
around the tititick. anchoring the tier.- firrii

ly in the groutid The oak had a swing on If
and a treehouse iii it that the gang and I
built one summer

Joel Greenberg

he tree was spec it was its own litle
world. After school. we would spend hours
in it playing and laughing Ytru could climb
almost as high as the top of the ttmf on the
house and see all the roof tops wttli chim-
nies sprouting here and there. In the sum-
tner. you could climb to the top and see
what the neighbors were serving for their
barbeque and maybe they'ctl give you
some after you told them how good it
smelled and how good a cook they must

 

   

be.

One time we were playing date and the
object was to cliriib as far out onto a lirtib as
you could Little l'larold found enough
courage to clirrib past the record. So there
he was. swaying up and down on the

 

 

 

The happiness lasted for one year it en-
dured. and her perfection remained But it
was not she who did not criioy things. it
was not she who found the complaints. but
he He could not work iriiytriore. he could
not leave He found he had to be wttli her.
and she did nothing to stop him The
harder lie Worked. the less lie enioyed it
He ran through everything he had but sud-
denly the search was over and he found
something missing.

But this was what he had waited for. this
was his lietght~ why was he not happy.

Along the beach he walked At a cluster
of large boulders he sat down The rlay was
getting colder as the afternoon wore on.
He didn't want to leave these rocks. He
thought.

The search for the ideal was a job. a
game people played when they weren't do-
ing anything else But what do you do
when you do find them? He realized that

 

that was it. that all he had worked for was

A Sight So Love

ltiriiit‘li. hanging on for dear life as the
earth was vainly trying to pull liitii back
down and give litiii tlnr pitriislrtin'rit he
deserves for defying ll l H'tilt'llllrt'l liiiri
saying sritiitrthirig about how llt' hoped
there wasn‘t a wmrl storiri coining tip too
soon Anyway. he was always trying to be
l|l(t' the older guys .nid lil‘ had finally bent
lllt‘lll The guys sititid rtltrlllitl the tree and
stared at Harold suuiying bark and forth.
They looked at car it other .ipprt'lieiisively
and their broke out into .i fllt‘t’l for little
llarolrl In his exuberance. he lost his grip
and fell. Luckily. he only broke an unit
We were kind of scared .ititl after it was all
over and we got sign liiirolil‘s cast. our
parents forbid its to play date ever again

Still. nothing could keep me out of that
tree. if things were going badly. l'd climb
into its branches and disappear l)t.'li|ti(l the
leaves No grown tip would ever cliriib that
tree. I guess they were too chicken it was
all mine

As sure as summer melts into fall. all
good things have to come to an end. We
moved to a new city at the end of sixth
grade II was bound to happen and my
parents full If would be the best time for
me. I'd be making a transition anyway. so it
was now or never lremeinber the last time
l saw the tree The moving van was loaded
tip and We were ready to leave the house
for the last time It was ftirrriy. for the first
lllllt' in my life. the house seeineo small
There were no mutants in the windows and
you could we the sun shine throuin the
moms front the outside All the walls were
bare and there was a musty smell of freshly
i-xposr-d plaster The old lawnmower was
packed away and llil'tt.’ were no hoses on
the side of the house to take. a quick drinl'
from. It was the middle of the summer. btit

 

 

s ' r t . .
1‘11 s'x‘r .‘Jﬂfm'u311ﬂ2'mMWmW

now over. that the ideal was all he was real
ly looking for Now that lit' had lil'l. he
didn't have anything else lit' really wanted
to reach.

But that wasn't the whole thing He did
have sortie things but he found he feared
teaching them for the possibility of
alienating himself from the entire vrctriry
She left with him. still his dream She
stayed with litiri and tried to help but he
fourrtl he didn't want her nearby anymore
But that wasn't It. be (fttf want her nearby
but not really iii reach. iust rrttl of reach So
he could continue to try to reach her. to re
main a goal but not a teali/alioii llis
loneliness runs his energy. it was his source
Now that that was past. he didn't have any
new goals

Site stood by the Window. The night was
getting cold and site was worried The
house was not right without him She
started to cry. He was not the same these
days. he just sat there and looked at her.

i had llt'\t‘l noticed before him iniiiriry ll
was The air was heavy and the sun was
setting behind the tree It was .r big red sun
the kind you get only a few ttnrus .i stun
llit'l The final waves made if limit lilw it
was swimming in .r prirrl li'trttlilrrh lit’lli litit
think that the suit was tltit‘ lirq lt‘utitlll ll) and
if was trying to sunk tip .is iiilit h of lllt‘ light
iii the world as It could lit'fttli‘ miitt'rnri'
wiped It away lfult bail. lit'lt' l \ttis. llit' first
liliil‘ I'd see the tiltl placi' itlitl lllt‘ big new
and the suit shining through its lt'ri\‘i's like
stirriuiiiie was spraying \iiiiliirlit Hill of .i
host.- tlllil l rust \ltrtitl there ~.t.rittig lguessl
had to do wirietliiiig. bitt I Just stood there
gazing at the tree. i kept on thinking how
you should never say goodbye when you
part. you should always say goodbye
before you ll‘rn't' so there's enough time to
say what you want But. I wouldn't think
of anything lilriri't know how long I stood
there. biit when l).id came to get me. the
sun had set and a big orange moon was
starting to use. He said it was all right. that
everything would turn out fine, inst wait
and see. in no time at all i would have swell
friends and a new yard and school Would
be a new adventure. arid things wJuld turn
out all right. i really didn't pay much atten-
tion to him: adults cart make very lllllL'
sense sometimes. lie then gave me his
Iianky and we climbed into the t‘til. Fireflies
were swirling around the bushes near the
driveway. but they flashed away when Dad
started the car As we pulled out into the
street. the car clankeil along. burdened
with the weight of nrv family and as inui li
stuff as we corild carry. The car lratl never
cltiriked before liL’flit'IHbL‘f thinking that in
a few minutes. we had driven down the
road and through my World and now
nothing looked familiar anymore and now
nothing made sense. That's when I noticed
[had been crying. l l

'1

his eyes loving her. himself bound up with
her. totally confused. This was not the
same man uho couldn't stop lovlrrg her
when they iiiet~ he still couldn't stop but
he had tried before. did everything iii his
po'-.er to express himself. each deed better
than llit' last birt these days he frustratingly
couldn't do anymore Slit! ll‘ll she should
br- guilty. but of what?I It was his fault for
wetting lililt'.ill\tit grirrls and lt'rll hing them
She was lllI'it'lt.‘ his titi'nirs

He. got up and started nalli in; bar k to his
Hit The sand was tHltl litit llit’ \Liiltft unis
colder He had an rru'rultmtriiiig urge to
get llrtt k to lit‘i lltl startird to itlti l'ln' tilift'
l1t31tifllt‘(lt‘~|ii'ltllitiil

'Slii' know what site llriil in l: Slit' lulrt'.‘
that but low for him. for it. rwif .-..r
litiltlttl up lit Vvt\liil] llit'iti l)trlli \ln' pin l'.|‘
ltt't things imik llil' pit lllti’ ml ltitti i-lf Il.
llitilillt‘ .riril ~llt’ Irilll'tl rl lrll‘ Stirrii'rrri-
llrltl ft) with If r'ii [List liripprirr'ssr-s

\Vlit‘ti lm .
griiii- lll'  san the note. 1i
wrthorit rr'trilt‘ r \lrlllt‘tl ltl IIU llrr ltt\t‘t.
her for stntng :iii-in .iiiil lll' hatird lll’l flit
saving them He icii itNlt’t'II on the tlilit i:
unable to gather the vncrqy to tltt .rirvttiini
else

When he awukt- he didn‘t at first intuit '
anything he thought this real He did It"
lrntl her warm or near ller honey hari diti
not kiss liirii lll' did trot feel good in ft't'l
barf. be Just didn‘t feel

' llltllll' lrr' l‘iil'U. slur '.\..

 

 

All of this would pass llet perfection
would haunt him and maybe they would
meet again. but in other forms. ttr other
people He would not bring himself
together for awhile. and she was itlil to
forget hiin soon. either They stayed
together in thought 'l'hese bands would
age and break off them. and their
emergence ertlltl open new frontiers. but
inflected and r .iirtious l'le \kiiS not a pass-
rirg fancy and she was not rust another girl

 

 

That was their greatest downfall

 

 

 

 

perspective- 50

Crushed Roses 4A Sequel .

2T) mﬂnmvm>

r

 

 

  
  
  

 

  

