   

 

 

EDITORlAL ‘
The choice

5 it a bus fee or is it a tuition increase?
I The new budget SUNY Central has proposed
includes no direct increases in tuition or dorm
rates. But it seems this year SUNY has found a new
way of increasing tuition.
This year students should be warned that rather

creased fees for the right to campus services. State
Budget Director Micheal Finnery has urged SUNY
campuses to maximize fees and charges. .

SUNYA officials seem to have been quick to
follow suit. With their recent proposal to charge bus
fees. SUNYA administrators have brought this
strategy home.

it should be understood that this one proposed bus
fee is only the beginning. New fees and the increase
of present ones could easily find their way onto
SUNY campuses

Ten dollars per semester (or ten cents per ride)
doesn't seem like much. but the sum is not the only
factor to be considered. If the first step is taken. if
the first fee is initiated, then where will it stop? With
50 dollars a semester? With fees for frogs in biology
labs?

Perhaps the most distressing aspect of the proposal
lies in the fact that fees are not part of the actual tiri-
tion charges. Therefore increases in fees are not met

 

 

than increases in tuition, they will be faced with in-,

 

is yours

with corresponding increases in financial aid. While
an increase in tuition would at least allow a student
increased financial aid. an increase in fees leaves the
students with nothing extra other than higher bills.

"Fees are the deadliest kind of tuition increase
because they are not covered under financial aid. are
not quantified by the media and are indivrdurill‘y
easier to institutionalize." pointed out SASU Prest-
dent .lim Tierney.

Perhaps statewide SUNY administrators ltave
regroupcd after last year's defeat from the “Fight the
Hike" movement and are now proceeding with a new
tactic.

The issue of tuition increases was fought en musse
by the students of SUNYA and students front all over
the state. The “Fight the Hike” movement formed
by SASU was a tremendous success. Tuition was in-
creased. but not on the grand scale that originally
was proposed.

it may seem to administrators that a sirriplc fee
hike proposal may not raise as rriiicli ire among the
student population as a massive tuition increase.

SUNY administrators have regrorrped, student
leaders must do the satire. A new approach must be
developed anti a plan of attack itiitiatcd before it is
too late.

7

A bus the is not only discriminatory against on.
campus students, but is unfeasibte udrninisirattruly.

Further. at a time of organized efforts to reduce
drunk driving, a bus fee would force slttilcttls wt...
frequent the downtown bars to drive while drunk.

Student leaders need help front the student body in
fighting the proposed arbitrary and discriminatory
bus fcc.

However, student apathy has once again reared its
ugly head with the low turnout at the public llctttlllgs
for the bus fee. A grand total of five Spectators {mm
the student body showed up at the three pirblic hear-
ings.

This cannot continue. Bus fee proposals have been
made often in the past and rejected. A bus fee must
be prevented. The bus fee is just a beginning. l‘vcn-
tually fee increases could nicklc and dime prititie
higher education to death.

Student leaders have to organize a large—scale cl-
l'ort to prevent the fee, and students must care and
get involved. Unless this is done. the rlrirrrrerom
precedent of user fees cotnbincd with tuition i\tl| ‘r
have tirade it to SUNYA. ,'

Do students want a bus fee or not‘.’ The real Lllttlu' l
is with the students. J

 

 

COLUMN

The politics

Pornography is over a $5 billion dollar industry today.
and as a result of its financial success, pornography has
become a valid and rcspcclablc‘industry. However, only in
patriarchal terms can it be respectable since it is a vehicle
for misogynous propaganda. Pornography ltus becotric a
most effective controlling force it) the oppression of
women.

Ken Dornbaum

 

To understand the politics of pornography. one must ex-
atrrinc its definition. ltr ancient Greek, pornos means pro-
stitute and graphy means writing. Thus. even within its
ctytnology. pornography possesses an oppressive quality.
According to Diana Russell. "pornography i‘ the explicit
representations of sexual behavior. verbal or pictorial, that
have as a distinguishing characteristic the degrading or de-
meaning portrayal of human beings. especially women.“
Despite the claims of pornographers. it is not an expression
of erotica and sexuality. in fact, it is a distortion ot
women's sexuality for the phallocentric pleasurc of men.

There are those factions among conservative groups
which wish to hurt pornography for all the wrong reasons.
They believe that any form of sexuality (and that is what
they consider pornography) outside of rtiarriagc is sin. Yet.
the question of banning pornograpr is not a question of
utir sexist values system. Rather. the reasons for stopping
the publication of pornography expands ittto the taboo
ideals of feminism . which are generally dismisscd as silly.
especially by those with most to lose: men.

First of all. in spite of the claims of male experts that por-
nogralty is healthy (for men, of course) since it allows for
the release of aggressive sexual tendencies. the incidence of
rape and other violence against women has grown with the
increase of availablc portrograliie materials. There is a
definite correlation between rape and pornography. For ex-
ample. in a poll conducted by lficld Research Associates,
ten percent of nine litindrcd wotricii randomly polled had
been upset by someone "trying to get her to do what they‘d
seen in pornographic pictures, movies or books." Some of
the answers by women in the survey were: "It was physical
slapping and hitting. it wasn't a turn-on; it was more a feel-
irig of being used as an object."

“He forced me to have oral sex..." "It was S & M
stuff... and anal intercourse. i had to do it, biit i don't cri-

joy it at all."

As evidenced. pornography aids rrierr to manipulate
women's sexuality for their enjoyment. Wltat is corttitined
irt most pornographic materials, too, is enigmatic to most
women as it is iii the realm of a men's world. Pornographic
material contains simulatctl and actual rape. rticri beating
and mutilating women. bondage and other violent and ob-
jectit‘ying abuse. This visual and verbal women-hating is a
turn-on to men. unfortunately.

it is indeed irotrir: how the most conservative (and liberal.
too) of men clrriin that banning pornography would violate
the first Amendment and the American values of freedom
of speech. Such logic is twisted. l~or example. ll'W PWP'“

  

of pornography

worrld disagree that child pornography should be banned.
yet oticc the tttodcl reaches the age of consent. sexual cx-
ploitatioii arid abuse is legal and encouraged. l-rrrtherrnore,
the standards of obscenity are created by men oil the basis
of patriarchal values. such standards are arbitrary and iii—
consistetit. Legally, a woman in a spread-eagle position,
bound and beaten is not obscene. yet a man witlr an ercc-
iion is obscene. The reason for this is the fear ot‘olrjcctify-
irig riieti. Pornography is libel against all women, and libel
is illegal. Yet. to declare pornography illegal arid obscene
worild threaten the power structure of patriarchy.

Pornography titres have one “redeeming” quality in that
it concreter shows the attitudes itieri have against women.‘
The obvious hatred pictured within the material lets women
know exactly where they stand irt men‘s eyes. They arc ob-
jects to be used, abused and discarded. it is vciy frightening
to realilc that the consumers of pornographic materials.

both hard and soft core since they crirrr 'lr .ttll.
misogyiions iricssagcs with varying degrees or .tti‘li. r. .r:r
conditioned by the materials and society to lltttlm' it: .tlllr
sick attitudes of liatrcd against woineir.

Since the courts rcl'iisc to rc-cxaniine their tm tltwl. .rtmrr
pornography, it is time for women and “it'll ltr lot. ii iii t.
within the system. Protests should be rrrruirirxrrr t“.illr‘
pornography and attitudes about pornogrriplrx .rrrtl 'vlllltlt
irtrist be changed. Meir tittist begin to reali/c that women
scxttality. women's minds and WUlllL'll's borlre. .ttt‘ not
theirs for the taking and subsequent abusing.

This opinion probably will be dismissed as rirlrtrrlou .Illtl
fanatical by most men. However. it is interesting to with
how del'ctisivc rncn bccotnc when one speaks illltitll rililllt'
ing anything within their delicate and lL'lllltllts ptmi't .rrrrt-
ttirc. Pornography is a sacred cow to men. Iriirrr‘ Io t-rla'
away smut from a man is like lryirrg to take .|\\.t\ r.||liil
from a baby.

 

  

OUR Arias
A NUCLEAR BUILD-UP is

wourp Descartes To
Vista. averse setters
MlLl'l'ARtLy AN lNCENTtVE
tNFERIOR/

  

 

   
 

   
 
  

 

  

 

 

» mum—mat .rr.

V‘vnuamo .. , »,

 

mWw);h-ru . it ,H.

 

 

 

 
 
     
 
 
 
  

 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
   
   
  
   

 

    
  

 

Albany’s

 

' v. ‘ ,. l ‘ ‘


Us“ m

\w‘

 

 

 

A Look at

 

 

Pro Sports

 

N <1. V
-.. 4.4.. .

.r

6 w .H 1.: wi‘ikﬁ-I'FWJDWH 1;.

"J‘al

#4.,

~. ab” .-~ ~

.— a»..- w _.(...

 
  
  
  
  
   
 
  
      
    

    
   
  
  
     
     
 
 

    
    
  
 
 
     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
     
   
    
 
 
     
 

