 

 

I. E D
Censureship

“i cannot praise a fugitive and cioistered virtue. unexer-

clsed and unbraathed. that never saiiles out and sees her.

adversary, but stinks out of that race. where that Immortal
garland Is to be run for. not without dust and heat."

lten John Milton wrote those words in tlte i7th century,
ltc was part of a struggle to create a trttly democratic
government in Ertglartd. it was a radical idctt itt a tirttc
of tyrannical kings. lils classic ttppeal for freedom of expression.
Aenrptrgiticu — was qttite a revolutionary cortcept at tlte tltnc.
Student Association's Cetttral Cottttcil ltas a lesson to ieam front
Milton. Wednesday ttigltt it passed a resoitttiott chastising SA's
biweekly newsletter for the graphic illttstratlort trsed on tire cover
of its issue last week.

The poorly-written resoltrtiort is wrong on rttany of its charges.
ttnd the assumptions that the sponsors of the hill made are incor-
rect. They claim tltat The Sim/err! l'oiee is a wetttlrer varte of Cert-
trttl Council. and should try to twist i'sclf to every political witirtt
of Council. Wlterc they got tltis idea from is a rttystery. it‘s qttlte
reasonable to assume tltat after ltirittg a rttcdia director artd assign-
ing tltat person the title of Editor itt (‘ltiet'thut the [Editor ltas been
given editorial cotttrol of the pttper. That's wltat l.i|tb_v Post. The
Student Voice '5 editor thought. Sltc tttade the fortnightly a student
advocacy Journal — ntore tltttn a sitttple newsletter. it has beett ll
paper trying to fulﬁll a higher prtrpose tltart simply printing Cert-
tral Council voting records. This work culminated irt the Solotttott
Amendment Issue.

This latest issue of The Voice focused nearly half of its space to
sotrtc esccllent articles on draft registration and the Solomon
Amendment. Tltat is wltat really angered the Central Council
representatives. "My God." they must have thought. “SA money

[TORI

is going to inform students on reietent isstlcsl. What have we
done?" So they focused on tlte front-page graphic. M .

Anti blew it out ot contest. People fannhar with publtc' .
tcali/e titat a graphic illttstraliott t'or restory. especrally il‘ front
page story. must catcit the reader‘s c_vc. llus graphic. culled Irottra
Central Committee for Conscientious ()bjectors publication. dul
csactlv tltat. Iiy the way. be ltave used ('CCO graplncs'many tunes
to illustrate stories on tile draft attd militarism. Wh'tt The .Slrrrlenl
Voice did is cornrnott practice arrtottg studettt pultli tons.

litrt tlte ntilitarist rttettrlters ot‘ Cotmcil saw their citattce to get a
bath irt at The Voice They lost tl vote opposing the Solomon
Atttendment last week. ttnd figured they ottgltt to get one vtctory
otrt ol' the uholc mess. I V

Despite tlte objections of speakers representing \arrous student
groups. the resolution passed. Fortunately for Student Associa-
tion‘s reputation. SA President Mike ('orso has chosen to veto the
‘esnltnion. it's the first time he's vetoed a Cotrrrcil resolution.

 

 

 

Altottt five yettrs ago. the Albany Slur/en! I’rt’ss became finan-
cially independent from Ccrttrul Council's budgeting for reasons
related to incidettts like tltis. Whenever Council didn't like
wltateter we were doing. they'd play with otrr stipettds or budget.
We've had nttrclt rrtore freedom sirtee we made the jtttttp to finan-
cial independence. This kind of harrassment has a chilling effect
on anyone trying to express free thoughts.

Censure is a qttiet ltttt perv: ' form ofcensorship. 'I'heb'lurlettl
Voice has lteert told that they d better ttot do anything ittttovtttive
— ttr elte. if they do their jolt — try to organi/e attd edttcatc
students — CcntrttoCooncil will get upset.

l'ltat's csttctly wltat we don't need. Central Council is a cott-
ceited little tool ol'the people that wind up with seats on it. For ex-
atttple. irt the debate on the tcsoltrtiott. a Council representative

 

r.

A L

said that she‘s a SA member and didn't teei tltr- mm.“
represented lter views. SA Itieltlher? 'l‘he stttdcrrts at this minim...
are the SA members. ttor a few people llltll are stlrtptrsctl to rm”
settt the sttrdertts. These people are only the ureter] ll‘|\lt'vt‘lil.t||\\-\
ot the students —— tlte real SA tnentlters.

At a tirtte when an advocacy jotttttttl like The Slur/em thy..-
needed. Cctttral ('onncil tries to clip its wings and tell it to tl'llt‘l
don It. With challenges like tltc state budget and iltv sow...”
Amendment lacing rts. tryittg to siiertcc an ttrgani/hnv itntl blv lint
l’oice is ridiculous. Corso was absoluter correct lit \t'ltlillt’ ll".
resolution. and with arty luck The Slur/em Von-iv \\|ll ltt' an. r..
continue its work without rrtttre trartassruettt from the Hull! a”...
minority of Cetttral Council.

Wtat this all comes down to is the irecdorn to spcal. “turn.”
cettsorsltip. A represctttaiive front the Albany Slur/em I'rm \pttkc
.m [hc censorship issue before Council Wednesday night l‘t‘trlllsp
I'tcedortt oi publication is \ery dear to Its. Reptessing ant tattrpm
publication ltttrls all campus publications. lzvery group on tins
diverse carnptrs has a stake in tree expression — that's “in tin-“v.
a First Amendment. Central Council ltas tto ltllsltlcss tcllttlt' other
people what to write or prittt. .lttstiee ()liver Wettdell liohut-s. It.
said it almost as well as Milton:

“But when men have realized that time has upset many
lighting faiths. they may come to believe even more than
they believe the very foundations at their own conduct that
the ultimate good desired is better reached by tree trade Ill
ideas -- that the best test of truth is the power at the
thought to get itself accepted in the competition at the
market. and that truth is the only ground upon which their
wishes safely can be carried out. That at any ran.- ts. the
theory of ourConstttution."

 

 

 

 

'5 xx. s unto/'53:“: "ﬁ 1"!

February 11, 1983

r
I

I

I

I

I
I
I
I

I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
l
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I

C O L U M N
Thorny roses of freedom

 

 

 

With memories of McCarthyism abound in ottr national
consciousness. America is on a new crusade into social urt-
eonseiousness. Though ortr elected representatives believe
irt fiscal liberalism. their aggregate social tltinking teeters on
the edge between ridiettlous and archaic.

lRobert Martiniano

Nevertttcic s. we. as American citi/ens. are afforded cer-
tain legal and lntmart rigltts. These rights have beert
developing throughout Western ltistory and are as of yet
complete.

Developed in Ronte and the Grecian city-states in early
Western civilization. human rights bypassed tlte Middle
Ages and resurfaced itt tltc Age of Enlightenment. Thanks
to individuals like Voltaire, Rousseau. Diderot. and
Montesqttieu. Thomas Jefferson had the knowledge and
background to author the Declaration of in-
dependence—that document which symbolizes American
freedoms. unless you happen not to possess money or pro-
perty. have not reaclted the age of twenty—one. and are
neitltcr white nor male.

American history did progress (sic) from that point.
Along witlt the Federal (.‘onstitution carttc the Bill of Rights
affording American citizenry certain rights and freedoms.
Amending the Constitution throughout our nation's
history has ostensibly afforded tnore people more rights.

This limited history lesson brings tts to the l‘)7()'s. With
the defeat of the eqtal Rigltts Atncttdtttettt. legal attd
human rights are taking a heating at the hands of the
American government.

With the reactionary rigltt leading with archaic battle
cries, family-planning clinics became a victittt of the right.
Congress passed art amendment to the Public Health Scr-
vicc Act. the funding mechanism for federally funded
family-planning clirtics. The amendment states that the law
should “encourage family participation in projects assisted
under this law." 1

Secretary of Health and Human Services Rieltard
Schweiker construed the congressional language to serve his
own values. rather than the values of his constituents. and
promulgated an initiative which requires all federally
funded family-planning Clinics to notify parents within ten
days of the fact that their “unemancipated” teenager
received a prescription for contraceptives. At face value.
this initiative discriminates against individuals under eigh-
teen.

Analyzing the results rather titan the intent. this initiative
picks and chooses who it discriminates against.

The question to be asked. which clinics receive Federal
funds? The answer is. those clinics which serve the poor.
Young people who can afford private doctors. doctors who
by oath need to keep client confidentiality. cart purchase
contraceptives without parental knowledge. Sexual
discrimination also occurs as a result of this initiative.

Males are not required to ltave prescriptions to purchase
prophylactics. Females. however. are required to ltave
prescriptions ‘ for both oral contraceptives and the

 

 

 

tremendously by this law. Teenagers cart travel in two direc-
tiorts with this infrirtgetttent of rights. Tltey cottld go to the
elirtics attd ltavc their parents find out. That could lead to
physical abuse. abandonment. ttnd family problems itt
getteral. Teenagers. as the second option. could neglect ns~
ing the family-planning. consequently risk pregnancy. attd
create other problems.

Tlterc is no easy solution other that abstinence. These
teenagers. obviously. through choosing to go to lantin-
planning clinics. have chosen the route of nottabstinence.

Worttctt are ttot the lone victims of overzealous govern-
mental officials. The Solomon Atttertdtttettt discriminates
lteaviiy against rttaics. and. again. discriminates lteavily
against poor people. One ruigltt draw the conclusion that
poor people lack sufficient representation itt governtttertt
artd are ttot afforded the same rights as the rest of tile ntt-
tion.

Wltett receiving firtttttcit aid for college. the Solomon
Arttendrncttt requires males to eitlter provide evidertce tltey
have registered for the draft or sign a statement stating they
are ttot reqttired to do so. The student is rcqttircd to do this
each year, and if citlter of the two aforementioned te-
quircments are ttot met, depettdcttt upon the circumstances
of the stttdent. he loses his financial aid.

For the college stttdettt who depends heavin upon finan-
cial aid to make it through college. the burden of this could

 

iT’é
GReEiT DePReé’éioN,

GOOD DePReoétoN.

be devastating. The government should really go a step lltt»
titer. Make tts sign a loyalty oath. “i am not a eonnnnnht
artd protttise to ttpltold the constitution artd the democracy
for which it stands irt all nty classes and everything i do."

The problem becomes, wltere the ltell is that (lulllUCl-ltW!
We ltave no privacy itt sexual matters. The government ls
corttettt to enforce art arcltaie draft registration which Is cs-
tt‘erttcly ttttpopttlar tltrottglt erttitletttertt and aid programs,

The American government ltas becortte the totahtannu
regime they have been continuously been warning Us about
since the Autumn of i‘)i7. We need rtot live behind the Ittttt
curtain to lose ottr freedottts. l.et botlt elected and not:
elected goverrttttcntal officials proceed unopposed. and we
will watch ottr tights fall to the wayside one it) one.

For what it may be worth. all may rtot be lost. We must.
however. rise up and demonstrate to those who sttpptlsL'tlls
represent us they actually don't represent otrr colicttttv
will.

l.etter writing is a start. Political columns cart contttlnttc
to the cause. Mass action.however. will get the poirtt ttctoss
to the people itt power. ()nly mass action will llltlll\.tlt'
antiquated legislative thinking irtto responsitc sot LII
awareness ttttd lead to subsequent legislative actions ninth
truly reflect the will if the people. ttot just the hill HI .I
vested. rich oligarcltal class hellitent on (leslttttltlt' tttv
tights of the tttasscs.

  

 
 
  

  

OT THe

    

BUT lT’é a

    

    

 

 

m...._.._ _

diaphragm. Though prescriptions are not required for the
purchase of lUD's. physical insertion by a physician is
necessary. I

one gets the feeling that poor women will be hurt

  

  

o ‘-c----------‘~“

Homer most.

I

l
I:
1

 

utwf, . m-
Colluoc Press Service '

   

~__

 

mat."$m‘é..t‘:atmawmtm ti o mtrwﬂMaWa‘amn w. u rwm-wemmrwmamnsm'

«-1!
- i

 

om - v m 1 I! .m _ e I I I § ‘ y _ “13.11.... Mthmmmmw-NMMN-

 

