  

  
   
  
   
  
   
   
   
 

.
,.
A
t

-?:'2'“*
r

 
  

   
     
  
     
    
   
   
     
   
   
    
    
   
   
    
   
    
  
  
    
    
  
    
   
    
  
   
  
   
  
   
    
   
   
   
 
 
  

  

\ J.

  

 

  

ocroaaatarmn

 

 

 

 

 

By Tom Kaeandes
.-tssrxv,t rr: smrr rs EDITOR

Consistent talent and some tough
running were what placed the
Albany State men‘s cross-country
team a very strong second in the
20th SUNY Conference Champion-
ships held' last Saturday at SUNY
Buffalo. Fredonla State won the
meet with a low score of 39 points.
while the Danes took second with
an 80 point total. Cortland State
ﬁnished third with “2 points,
brockport State was fourth with
125 poittts, rind Oswego State
finished fifth with 147 points.

It was an tip and down day for
the Danes as a teatn, bttt for 'tmltlill
Chris Callaei and sophomores lan
Clements tttid Craig l’arlato, the
meet was definitely a positive ex-
perietiee. All three Danes- received
medals for the tiititli, twelfth. and
fourteenth place finishes, respec-
tively. The three also estttblislied
personal best times over llttffalo's
tint and somewhat muddy five tiiile
course with Callacl at 26:14.
Clements at 26:21. and l’arlato at
26:29.

The secottd Dane prick was abottt
fifteen seconds behind l’arlato.
Captain .Iint Erwin and junior Ed
McGill, both bothered by colds,

Danes lose to Cortland, 14-

  

Men barriers take

finished 23rd and 24th respectively.
Sophomore Chuck Bronner displac-
ed matiy scoring runners from other
teams by finishing 26th overall
while recording a personal best time
for five tniles of 26:57. Said Bron-
tier. "i didn't feel like l had a great
rtice, really. You need every place
you can get in big races, so you
can't ever be satisfied."

Asked about the race, most of
the Albany runners 'used the word
“interesting” to describe what was,
iii fact. a very strange race. This
year's SUNY Conference lacks the
big name national-class runners
that last year's had. This ttllowed
Albany aitd l-‘redonia to dominate
the race, plrtcitig t4 runners among
the top 26 finishers. Two Oswego
runners took first and second, yet
their tcatii finished in a distant
fifth. None of the times were spee-
tacnlar.

This year‘s Danes have turned
ottt to he a very tottglt tcttin. Satur-
day's rttce left Albany runners with
a lot of questions, though, because
of Mc(iill and E win's weak perfor-
mances. Said Erwin, “We had se-
cotid with the lcaiii running at
about 70 of its potential. lf

everybody had been tip, it would
have been a very close race for
lirst."

“,1

ED "ARUBNCH UPS

Monte Riley and the Albany Great Danes were upended by Car-
tland, 14-7 Saturday atternoon. The Danes are now 2-4.

 

 

By Keith Murder
[DI/URI II «|\\I\I.IN'I

The Albany State tncn's tennis
teanr capped off their 1983 fall
season with art impressive 5-4 tie
tory ovcr tltc Division 1 University
of Masstichttscscts last Saturday.

()n a day that was marked by
horrendous weather which was
described by Albany llcad (‘oaclt
Jim Serbalik as, “half of a hur~
ricane and a little on the cool side,”
the Danes pulled off their second
consecutive victory over a Division
l school.
Number one singles Dave Ulrich
started Albany off on the rlglil foot
by beating Wayne Peterson 64,
6-2. Tom Schmitz ended up on the
short end of a 6-3. 46. 6-3 decision

 

 

 

I to Massachuuets'

Carl Small.

Netmen beat UMass

Ntttrtbcr three singles Rob Karen
thoroughly thrashed Mark Weins-
tcin 6-2, 6-0. Albany's Dave
~(irossrnan was halted by Dave
Singer 3-6, 64, (1~4. Nttiitber fivc
singles .1ay liiscnbctg got bealctt by
Andy I‘a/nttttty 6—2. 6-2. Number
sis singles Mark Sanders wort his
match over Darryl Miller 6-], 6-4.
According to Scrbalik, Satiders'
match “was a very important win.
11c played really well and you don't
wartt to go into the doubles matches
beliittd, needing a sweep."

The number one dottbles learn of
Ulrich and (iross'tnan continued on
their ways by beating Peterson and
Singer 6-3, 6-2. Albany’s number
two doubles of Schmitz and Karen
defeated Jim Gellnas and John
Deklerk, 6-3. 6-3. This match ac-

 

15>

 

 

'd..—,“,,., ._,. “or creates. 19.15; m  m "use ‘9‘

1

strong second at SUNYACs

     

ED MARUSSICN UPS

The men's cross country team captured second place in the SUNYACs held at SUNY Buffalo Satur-
day atternoon. The Danes tlnlshed behind conference champion Fredonla State.

Head Coach liob Mtttisey coni-
tiictlted tltat, “Ottr first three guys
did a great job when tlte other guys
were down, attd that's strength.
(.‘onsitlcring that not all the gttys
had good races, 1 think that
Fredonla can be beaten."

Tltc Danes cem to be developing
right along scheduleJt is particular-

 

 

lly Mare Berman
til/ill“ Il’RIIHt

 

Albany State football coach llob Ford t‘orecasted
before Saturday’s Cortland game, “If a boxer has a
great right hook, you better stop that right hook or
you're goittg to lose." If the Albany State football
teanf were in a boxing match, they would have been
sent to the canvas early.

Tire Danes failed to stop Cottland's right hook, and
as Coach Ford foretold, tlte result was a Dane loss,
dropping their record to 2-4.

Fullback Dave Cook, the second leading rushcr in
the Cortland history, ran for 185 yards. including the
Red Dragons' only two touchdowns — a 23 yard score
and a 79 yard romp — to pace his team to a 14-7 vic-
tory over the Danes in a game that was up in the air un-
til the ﬁnal minutes.

The Danes' tropes of reaching the .500 tiiark were
dashed when quarterback Mike Milano's fourth-and-
seven pass from the Cortland 20 with 1:20 left in the
contest sailed over the outstretched arms of receiver
John Donncly in the endzoiic.

“The wind seemed to take it," saitl Milaiio, who
completed 14 of 31 attempts for no yards in an ad-
mirable effort.

Approximately 4200 Cortland fans at Cliuggcr Davis
Field nearly saw the Red Dragons give the game away
with 2:141cft when linebacker Ed Eastman recovered it
fumbled snap at the Cortland 25. With the Danes trail-
ing 14-7, all that was ttccdcd was a touchdown aitd a
th)«pt)llll conversion. -

"i thought for stiic we were going lit for the score,"
said running brick John Dutihani wlrtr rushed for a
\cttsml high 108 yards on 15 carries. “We had the
niotticntttnr. and the offense was playing wcll all
game."

On tltc first two downs, rttrriiittg brick Dana Mclvitt,
out of the wishbone, gained tlttce yards. ()ii tltird
down, Milano threw art incomplete pass iti tltc ctrd
[one before the final ovcttlrtown pass on the fourth
tlowti, scaling the Dragons' victory

“We just couldn‘t get the big pltty and we couldn't
get any breaks," said Milano.

One of the bad breaks Milrttto was referring to was
the nttllificatiott of wltal would have been a game tyittg
tottchdown with 4:30 left iii the game becattse of a
holding penalty. Milano had taken the sltot on air op-
tion rollout and scampercd 15 yards for the apparent
score.

Meanwhile, the Dragons were coming up with the
big play and the breaks.

Junior fullback Cobk, proving every bit as good as
the Danes expected, ran for the Dragons only two

 

.r-.. Juan: .

ly interesting that Clements is show-
ing a rctttrti to top form, while
’arlato displayed
strength dttring his bill and away
best performance all year. lri addi-
tion, Callacl ltas shown that he can
rttn with the best.

“Ever since 1 ran SUNYACs last
year, I‘ve wanted to be top-10, so it

was very satisfying to get ninth,"
('allaci said.

The Danes get another shot tit
l‘rctioitia at tithe NCAA Qualifiers,
bitt iii the meantime, Albatty will
have to concentrate oit Sierra. RH,
and Union, who visit SUNYA this
Saturday for the Capital District
meet. 1 1

tremendous

7 as late rally fails

touchdowns iii the first half.

“He's just a great back, big rttid strong; a good run-
ner." said Ford.

Said littcbackcr littstiiiaii: “'1 he gtty just didn‘t want
to go down."

On Cook's first touchdown rttti, which came with
10:25 left in the first half, he demonstrated what
Eastman had said about “not wanting to go down."

On a controversial play, Cook appeared to be stop-
ped after a five yard gain up the middle but no referee
blew the wltistle. Cook bounced off the pack and dash-
ed the rest of the way completing a 23-yard touchdown
run and giving Cortland a 7-0 lead.

“lie was stopped and we all let tip," said Eastman.
“it was a very slow whistle."

Cook didn't feel tlte referees blew the call: “No one
really had a grasp on me. 1 just ltit the pile, stopped for
a second. spun around and got outside.“

Ford, though thinking it was a slow whistle, felt is
was still no excuse: “As long as .1 ref hasn't blown a
whistle, it's our job to get him down."

Evert ﬁrst year Cortland coach Larry Czarnecki
thought it was a slow whistle. "it probably was, btit
the referee called slow whistles all game. Cook was get-
ting liit ttnnec 's'ttrily sometimes so 1 think it cvctied
itself out."

Cook's first touchdown run capped a 65-yard drive
that was assisted by a 30-yard reception by receiver
Dwayne Taylor, which was the only pass freshman
quarterback l’aul (it‘ll/luplcllc cotiipletcd ottt of 11 at-
tempts.

The Danes' only score catirc following ati intercep»
tioti by cornetbttck .lirir ('ollins at the (’ortlantl 39.

following a clip on (‘ollins‘ return, the Danes
started frotit their own 4‘), ptrttitig together a nine-
play, 51-yard tlrivc ending with a nine yard touchdown
grab by receiver litrb llricn.

Helped by runs of it atrd 17 yards by Ditttitttlll, the
Danes tirovcd down to the nine yard litre where, on se-
cotttl goal Milano, rolling right, fottntl lili' \tlIC-ililllticti
lirictt iii the corner of the etid /one with 2:51 t‘ctitrtining
iii the half.-

Thc 7-7 deadlock lasted a total of 20 seconds. (in the
first play front scritnage following the Dane kickoff.

Cook galloped 7‘) yards for the score. showing not on~
1y his knack for grinding out yardage, but also his
ability to break iiilo the open ficltl.

’l‘lte Danes lirid multiple opportunities throughout
the gante to put tnore points on the board biit
something always went wrong, usually tin ill-tinted
penalty.

in the first quarter, Albany defensive back Mark
Galuski stole the ball out of the hands of Dragon runn-

11>

 

H.

 

  

  

VOLUME LXX

 

érBéE'NYT.
PRESS

   

 

PUBLISHED AT THE STA TE UNIVERSITY OF ‘NEW YORK AT ALBANY BY THE ALBANY STUDENT PRESS CORPORATION

F riday.
October 21 , 1 983 -

NUMBER 35

Ex-professor initiates lawsuit against SUNYA

 

By Jerry Camplone
EDIFUR/zll. ,tsstsr/mr

_______________

Former Chinese Studies program
director Yu-shih Cheri ﬁled suit
against SUNYA last Thursday,
claiming that she was tired for not
hiring air instructor who is now
University President Vincent
O'l.cary's wife.

According to (hen, the lawsuit,
filed iii State Sttprcnic Cottrt in
Albany, asks for the court to re-
quire SUNYA to reinstate her and
set tip a contniittce to review her for
tcittirc. She also asks for back pay
atttl benefits.

Cheri claimed her appointment
was "abruptly terminated“ iti the
spring of 1981 because she would
not grant a full-time position to
l.iltttti-Ytt, then it part-time lecturer
iii the Chinese Studies progratri.

According to published reports in
the Times Union, Ytt, a wel|~known
novelist iti Cliiita, titarrictl 0'] try
iii July [9112 following ()'l.cary's
divorce from his wife Adele, irt May
of 1982.

Chen claimed that Yu‘s “attetiipt
to by-pass open recruitment“! for
the available position in 1980, and
()‘l.eary‘s “personal intervention
on her (Yu's) behalf” are what
precipitated her dismissal. She said
that she has held the position of
director since coming to the univer-
sity in 1978. Chen also accused
university officials of “tai'iipering
with faculty files. fabri‘rttion of a
phony ‘chronology of evcnts' to rit-
tionalize the tampering and self-
set'viiig presidential investigations"
in order to “push her out of the
system.”

()'|.crtry, who declined to corti-
nrcttt on the case due ttr the "legal
aspects of the case" ltas in tire past
tlciiicd that his relationship with
Lilian-Yo itrfltteticcd his dccisioti
regarding Chen's contract.

Vice—President for University Al'-
l'airs Lewis Welch said he cott-
dttcted -an investigation into tltc

   

charges that the administration was
“trndttly influenced by outside
sources." “I was given a list of
charges and a list of people willing
to discuss the matter." said Welch.
"it was my conclusion that there
was no substance or evidence to her
(Chen‘s) claims," he added.

According to Chen, Welch's
report "turned out to be iii-
criinitiating“ to Ytt anti that “it was
promptly suppressed by President
()‘l.eary." ()‘Leary had denied that
lie withheld any information in the
report condttcted oti the situation.
Chen contends that, at different
times, specific documents have been
added to , and deleted from, ltcr of-
ficittl file lit the Personnel Office.

A specific incident occurred iti
April 1981 when. according to
Chen. she discovered a letter froin
()'1.cary “in which he ittfortned me
that my rtppoiittiiicttt would not be
renewed," after August 31, 1982.
later when reviewing her file, ('hen
claimed “the letter wasn't tltcrc bttt
that other papers littd been
inserted."

Welclt called the letter incident a
"clerical procedure.” “When a
faculty itietiibcr is tip for review,”
be said. “several reports are placed
in a file. A letter is then drawn tip
by a secretary before the President
sees the file." “if the reports tip-
pear ttcgritivc then a negative letter
is drawtt tip," he coritiiitted, "but
the letter isn't signed by the l’rcsiv
dent ttittil he reviews the file."
Welch added the procedure is ottt
of use.

When asked what had happened
to the letter, Welch said that the let-
ter “liatl been removed because it
was discovered that her file was iii-
cortipletc. 1 recommended that her
I'L'ViL'W be dotic again, due to these
circniiistances,” he said.

According to Welch, Chen's ap»
plication for extension was review-
ed again, bttt that President
()'1.eary didn't liatid down his deci-
siott right away.

this
()'1.eary tirade his decision.

it) l'L'llL‘W
Chen filed it grievance with United
University Professions stating that
the university had been iii violation
of its contract.

to \Vclch, ittvolvcs a three step tip—
proach.
campus. The next step is review by

 

ED MARUSSICH UPS. UPS

Former Professor Yu-shin Chen; University President Vincent O'Leary
(‘Irt'n ('IlllIIIA ()‘lrury's' personal intervention was on behalf of his future wife.

“The President asked that 1 look the

into the allegations by Professor
Chen about the matter of
influence," Welch said. “Following
investigation, l’resident

Following ()'1 ctrt'y's decision not
Chen's appointment,

the grievance policy. according

211,

The first step is review on my

Chancellor
third step is review by the Cover-
nor‘s Office of Employee Rela-
tions" he said. According to Chen,
the Governor's Office of [Employee
Rclatiotis
“outrageous behavior of the atl-
ministrrttion and offered a settle-
merit." Chen claimed that the set
tletiicnt was to keep her oti the
payroll frotii Sept. 1 1982, to Feb.
1983. "t)'l,cary was to rescind
his tiotrretiewal of my appointment
arid the Chancellor was to appoint a
three-person conitiiittcc to review
rctiewal
SUNYA."

finally

downtoer The Welch stiid that both sides agreed
to a special fourllt review and ac-
cording to a letter sent from the Of-
fice of Employee Relations to John
Ryan. a representative of UUP, the
decision of the committee would be
“final and binding." ,

Welch said he feels that Chen’s
awsttit iti this case is against the
agreement reached before the last
review. "At the time, we agreed,
that this would be final," he said.
“it was agreed that there would not
be any court action," after the
review.

The letter stated that “the grie-

14>

recognich the

arid tenure at

 

 

lly Dean Iletl

 

  

A computer owned by it
confiscated by Federal Bureau of

Agents front the lilll's Albany off
Special Agent .loscpli Skr/ak.

entry of it cotitntctcial cottiptttcr tit-ti
()n the same day 15 similar scztrcl

l'IINIIfIlIl’IIAh Ill/II!!!
UNY
Oct. 12 iii a nationwide sweep of computer "trackers."

computer, cassette tapes and personal items froin Room
1168 in the Wellington 110th that morning, according to

The search was conducted on a federal warrant iii L‘Oll~
ricction with a nationwide lilil investigation itito illegal

FBI siezes computer of Wellington “hacker”

 

Albany student was
investigation agents

ice sci/.cd a personal

york, Skrlak said.
ies took place in 13

cities across the United States. Two other searches were
conducted iii New York state, including one at SUNY
Stony litook and title at Cornell University, according to
the 1-111.

Numerous attcnipts early Friday to contact the resident
of the tootit, l-Idwttrd Ravin, were unsuccessful. No
charges have been filed against Ruvin, according to the
U.. . Attorney's Office iii Albany.

The se' r res were the result of an investigation by the
Alexandria, Va. 1111 field office after a discovery by
(lent-rat 'l'clcgraph arid lilcctric Co. of Vienna, Va., that
unauthori/ctl users had gained access ttr their Tcleinail
subscription communication system, said James 13. Mttll,
spokesperson for the Alevandria F111 ofﬁce.

The uttzuttlrori/cd access was “discovered during the
course of normal systems titaintenance,“ Mtrll said.

The investigation is “still in its initial stages" said Mull,

    

 

 

passwor' . 7 ’

—'—-_Edwin D. Reilly. Jr.

“Companies that want
security have to use
technology, not just

i
1

 

rtltling that it was too early to tell to what extent the
~ttsl1ccls irttrttdcd the system and whether or not they
tampered with it.

He said it could be several months before arty sus‘pects
are prosecuted iii the case.

Although the sci/tires took place over a week ago, most
information on tlrctri is contained iii a settled affadavit
with the US. Attorney‘s Office. said Assistant U.S. At-
torney llerntn'd .l. Malone .lr.

Without public disclosure of the trffadavit, “'l'hcre‘s
not iiittcli to tell," Malone said. He said that searches are
rarely pnblici/ed unless an arrest is tirade.

Skryak said he ditl not know if a modem to device used
to transmit cotitpntci‘ signals across tclcpltottc lines, and
necessary forcntering computer systems such as l‘cletnailr
was sei/etl iii the search.

Skt‘lak said that the searches were made while 111'
vcstigtrlittg possible charges of interstate wire t't‘ttttd.
wlirclr involves the use of telephones. ,

“l didn‘t know In: had his own computer u so many
students do now," said lidwitt 1). Reilly .lt. Reilly is the
Computer Science professor that Ravitr works for in a
teaching assistant iii an upper-level progrannning course.
Reilly srtitl ltc “had no idea" how Ravin was spending his
little outside of class.

He said Ravin's alleged breach of 'l'clcniail‘s security
system was not unusual for computer systems that rely oti ‘
programming for security. “Companies that want to use
security littvc to use technology, not just passwords," lte
said. i l

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

