 

‘- ALBAN STUDENT PRESS D NOVEMBER 4,1983

Expansion sotrght in minority grad enrollment

 

. By Eric Hlndln

STAFF ll‘RITER

EM-
Declining enrollment by minority students
in graduate study programs throughout the
SUNY system has prompted administrators
to take action. While last Wednesday's
Minority Graduate and Professional Oppor-
tunities Day was called a “decent beginning"
by Richard Farrell. Assistant Dean for
Graduate Studies. he also said that the pro-
gram was “hardly enough to significantly in-
crease minority student's awareness of finan-
cial and acaderriic aid. for prospective
graduate students."

According to Carolyn Huston. Assistant
Provost for administration ‘ at SUNY
Ringhamton. programs for the recruitment
of minority students for gradttate studies are
also being put into affect. lluston. who at-
tended the seminar at SUNYA. Is also involv-
ed in a similar event at Binghamton. schedul-
ed for November l9.

_ Huston Joined with Farrell in blaming the
Reagan administration for recent drops in
minority enrollment at colleges everywhere.
Said Farrell. “before the Reagan administra-
tion took overPthere was an ernphasls on

‘ programs for the advancement of minority
students." That emphasis. said Farrell. has
been taken away.

David Ehrlich. legal correspondent and
spokesman for Charles Rangel, U.S. Con-
gressman for Manhattan‘s l6th district.
which includes Harlem. washington Heights.
and most of the northern part of Manhattan.
also placed blame on the Reagan administra-
tion. “it's no secret." said Ehrlich. "that
under the Reagan administration programs
for minorities have been ctrt." One example.
said Ehrlich. is the Trio Program. The pro-
gram. said Ehrlich. is made up of three
separate facets. all with the purpose of help-
ing minority students attend college.

in 1983 the program had a budget ol‘SI54
million. The Reagan administration. accor-
ding to Ehrlich. has for l984 proposed a $54
million budget cut. Rangel is a staunch op-
ponent of such cuts. and is strongly in favor

 

Minority graduate school enrollment in

    

A...

Recruitment is left up to individual departments.

ofallocating federal funds for all types of aid
for minority students attending colcge.
asserted Ehrlich. Rangel has also served on
the Ways and Means Committee. whose con-
cerns include tax incentive programs to en-
cotrrage the enrollment of minority students
iii college. he added.

According to Carl Martin, Associate to the
President for Minority Student Affairs at
SUNYA. recruitment of students for
graduate programs is left to individual
dcpartrrients. in contrast. SUNY llinglraru-
ton. according to Huston. has a frtll tiriie per-
son ori their graduate admissions staff whose
job is to recruit prospective minority
graduate students.

Both ltingharriton. and SUNYA riiake use
of many of the same mechanical tools in
rectiititig minority students for graduate pro-
grams. Martin said. The “ORE minority
location service" is one program. according
to Huston and Martin which Is helpful in

This service.
says Huston. provides rosters of minority
students attending college in October.

recruiting minority students.

December and February. The school can
then. according to Huston. get in touch with
these prospective students. iii an effort to
recruit them to various programs.

The service is useful. sttid Huston. because
the schools only way of identifying minority
stttdctits is an optional student data form.
which contrrins biographical information and
art ethnic indicator. SUNYA's cquivalant of
the student data form is the Ethnic identity
Form. which. according to Farrell. is also on
tional. and when distributed at class registra—
tion will many times not be completed.

According to Huston. some federal funds
do exist to be used as incentives for recruiting
minority graduate students. "We have six
fellowships." says Hrrston. “and the univer-
sity supplements these funds with other
money." According to Martin. SUNYA rises

 

some niotiey made available by SUNY v
trail to act as iticctitircs for (“I
minority students. the totals. he dirt
used to provide ussirturitsliipx ftlr Iv“
students. 'l'hrce lypcs oi .tsslslilltlshi m
available for graduate students llt' rirlwf
The teaching assistant is one. while  Sm
students may also earn rnonuykﬁ my:
tltlllislftllll‘ arid l't'\t'illtll .tvlsltllllt‘ “1.1
schools. according to llII‘~|ttll .tlltl‘l" 
make use of federal funds to prorrdc 
waivers for grad students. llu rt‘rruircriiyh.”
said Farrell. for at \Hllit‘t Itttltttlt‘ low in W
and a bachelors degree. WW

Iiotli lliislori and Martin 'rll.tlt' tllt' lt la.
that minority students lint) tt'oputtll/e
chances of receiving llllrtlltldl tilt] in
graduate programs by not .tyr'tt‘sxttcl) “mm:
ing for graduate school \tt'thllity .‘h
llustorr. riiitiority students tend to .titph‘lp‘.’
and tlitts their chances ot It‘tL'Hillil. ttrurij‘.
aid are dirriiriislied. Mirrorin 'illltlL'llh 
lltrstori. are probably not ctrntly uncut”:
they want to do. and as such .uc late to uni
ing their decision to apply. llliilotl our
economic conditions as being lt'lt‘lttlll, "1h;
financial strain in attending gitttllttllc \t'lltrol
now that loans are so hard to ctltllc li)’.tt|ll
sometimes discourage pttispcclitc gttttltttilr
students." said Huston.

Though not noticing a dilfcreucc helm-m
the time minority students apply and lllt‘lttitt
non-minority students apply. Martin agreed
with Huston about the cifccl of hurt
econornlc times. Minority uutlcrrtr. on
Martin. don't always belicvc t’irltl schoolutli
be beneficial to tlicrii. and mum titties llltr
will see people with graduate rlt‘i'tecs in the
some financial trouble as lllt'lltst'lu‘i.

ll'mlh'diti

 

For the future. botli Martin and |.trrdl
said they would like to we iltc Murmur
Recruitment and Professional lllllltllllllllllt‘i
Day become an annual event. Martin \ilt'tirtl
the importance ol'SUNYA lt'ttltlltllg |l\ tIVlil
students. “We have." said Martin. ".tth‘
cent pool of tniriority students. but lllt
university is not aggressor enough in
recruiting them"

 

k*****

   
  

\

Exercise Your Right

5.1!. Funded

 

BE AN ' INFORMEID
Wi'l‘lill



Elli-ti

for a Special 2-Hour Edition of

9, m Public Affairs:

Mgmmﬁkézleo ego/twin
MM

Featuring Contenders for Office in
Albany City, Guilderland Town, and
Albany County

to Vote on Tues. Wisely!

k**********

*****

P“:

Software galore!

I the
I

Albany. New York 12206

 

 

 

 

L

Nobody carries more models We h
. . ave hundreds
of books and magazines. We even carry robots.

Hewlett-Packard Commodor '
. e, Ea le. Frankltn.
son', Texas Instruments Professgonal, Atari.
S nctarr. Coieco Adam, Androbot.

Communicating ' '
. mtcros our 8 ecralt ...Iet us turn
your micro into a terminal p y

I We're the area's largest computer store.

I I computer
Icellur

Westgate Plaza. Central 8. Colvln Avenues

Open weeknights 'tti 9. Saturday 'tlt 6

j

 

 

482-1462. 482—1463

 

All

 

 

 

By Heidi Gratin
and Lisa Strain

Albany Mayor Thomas M. Whalen lll.
speaking at a press conference Tuesday. sup-
ported Student Association‘s efforts to im-
prove downtown safety. but at this point
could see no vehicle for funding specific pro-
jects. and called on SUNYA students to
become more active in the community.

The Mayor. speaking before a SUNYA
journalism class. also discussed the current
controversy over city purchasing practices.

 

gym for residents of lndian and half of Dutch
Quad. and one in the State Quad flagroom
for residents of State. He noted that one
"irate woman" had called him up and said,
“i resent these college students who want to
fall out of bed and vote."

Regarding his relationship with SA Presi-
dent Rich Schaffer on the polling place issue.
the Mayor said. “i had hoped Mr. Schaffer
would understand another perspective. he
chose not to."

Whalen said the city is "committed" to
safety improvements for downtown Albany.

 

“I had [raped Mr. Schaffer would
understand another perspective, he chose
not to. ”

—Tltomas Who/en Ill

 

stttdcrit voting rights. his present relationship
with the SUNYA administration. the city‘s
minority hiring policies. and the proposed
dcveloprrrciit of the Pine Ilush ili‘L'tl.

Students raised several questions concern-
ing SA's recent lawsuit seeking an tin-campus
polling place for residents of Colonial rind
half of Dutch Quad. While t'cstuting his
belief that college students ilft.‘ tetiiporury
rcsideitts and should not have voting rights in
their college districts. Whnlcri asserted. “You
orgruiirc a real concerted effort and you
show me that you’ve gotten it lot of students
into the community and I'll seriously tliitik
about changing my position."

He added. however. that his stand on stir-
dcnt voting rights was not a factor iii the re-
ccut redistricting of the 15th ward which iri-
cludes the SUNYA cariiptis.

in a lawsuit that SA lost last month. the ci-
ty was charged with gerrymandering the l5tlt
ward. discnfraiichisernent of voters. and
redrawing the election districts in August
when the city’s power to do so expired in
January. The city's present redistricting plan
calls for residents of Colonial Quad to vote at
the Thruway llouse.

Whalcn said he felt the students were "well
provided for" with polling places ori—
cttriipus. referring to the polling places in the

iiiclrrdirig emergency phones and the Sitfe
lloitsc project, both of which SA's off-
cruttpus criorditiator Sit/y Aulettti has been
working on. “I don't know if we (the city).
have a funding mechanism that we can help
Willi (but) certainly we support it and we eti-
courrtge it and we'll do what we can to see it
iriipleriicntcd." Wlialcri asserted.

Whaleri said that having to resign frorii the
University (‘ouricil was one of the “saddest”
parts of becoriiitig mayor. “i still maintain a
very close relationship witli the (SUNYA) ad-
tttltiislt'tttioti." he noted.

The Mayor was also questioned about the
city's purchasing practices. The city has
recently come under fire for allegedly failing
to comply with a law that requires them to
trike competitive bids on goods and services.
"l was more than a little dismayed when I
found out this was still going on." he said. “i
wish the purchasing agent had cottic in and
told me." Part of the situation. he explained.
resulted from the department heads making
purchases without going through the pur-
chasing agent arnl later submitting the
vouchers.

On the issue of riiiiiority hiring policies.
Whalcn stated that he has just appointed a
minority affairs expert to assist him in

NOVEMBER 4, 1983 E] ALBANY STUDENT PRESS ' 5

Whalen faces students on safety, voting rights '

Albany Mayor Thomas Whalen ill
Students are "well provirlt'rlfor” on voting.

becoriiirig “thoroughly involved" in riiiriority
hiring. "Sorrietitiics it‘s like ptillirig teeth to
get mirrorin businesses to bid on construc-
tion jobs." Whalcti titairitained.

The Mayor also stressed his support for the
proposed commercial development of the
Pine Bush at 'a. The conflict over the l6.00()
acre area. under the jurisdiction of the city of
Albany and Towns of Colonic and
(iuilderland. has triggered concern among
residents who fear that the proposed coni-
rncrcitil development of the area may
diminish their property values. Wlialcn ex.
pluiricd that pr oriioting corrrmercirrl develop-
ment of the area would increase the tax base
of the city of Albany.

Whaleii added that any new plaiis would
take into consideration the needs of local
wildlife. “We really are not involved in some
wholesale rape of the Pine liusli; properly

  

 

CAPITAL NEWSPAPERS

planned cornriicrcial devetoprucrit really
crimes to the benefit of the residents there."
Whalcn asserted.

Wlirilcn. who took over as riiayor when
' 'tus Corning ll died last May. said be
"secure and comfortable" being a non-
clcctcd Mayor. He said he believes that when
voters elected Coming in l9lil they knew that
Wliaien was “first in line" to succeed the
Mayor in the event of incapacity or death.

The Mayor said that one of the biggest
obstacles lie‘s encountered since taking office
is "trying to convince some of the old-timers
(longstanding Democrats) that I‘m not a
revolutionary."

Ending the conference. Wliulen said that
overall his relationship with the Democratic
party has been ruritiirig smoothly: “l‘m still
the new boy bit the block and that's in my
favortoo.” l i

  

Statewide conference to debate media issues

 

 

 

‘ Sheiluli Sable
\l.|ll llIHll'N

 

'l'hc Ctlllll‘t)\t.‘l'\li|l issue of student govern-
tiicrit censorship of student newspapers is one
of many topics scheduled to be addressed at
the lull] Statewide Media Conference to be
held at SUNYA this weekend.

Speakers at tile conference will uichtdc
SUNY Chancellor ('Iiltori Wharton. SUNY
l’rovost .ietoriic Koriiisur. l‘\ectttivc Vice
(‘hanccllor Donald ()'i)owd. Vice
(‘Iiurlccllor for Finances lltu’ry Spitidlcr'. and

 

 

Technician, w Intuit statesmen”

Inih'pt'nr/r'm'e t‘ .

 

 

the Chairperson of the SUNY lloard of
’l‘rustces. Donald lilitlkcll.

Nat lleritoff. a l'i/ltlge l’oit't- columnist.
will discuss the subject of strident Iicwpaper
I'tccdotii.

lhc conference will start til 9:00 a.rii. on
l~riday and its goal is to acquaint L'Ullltlltttllcil-
tion and ioitttittlisrii students \vitli particular
aspects and concerns wliiclt must be cori-
\idcrcd in the field of rricditi.

All of the sponsors. SASU, Slrtlc I’tcss
Service. SUNYA Student Association and
the .‘l/htlllt' Strulr'nl I’rt'sr. tilting with

 

(It'IlIVIlt'lt'.\'/ltl[|t'l'.\ if to he tll'.r

 

 

 

SUNY's University Affairs Department have
combined efforts to enable SUNY Central
Representatives to meet with and address
journalism students on Friday. at SUNY
('critr'al. during what is beitig culled “Student
Assembly Day."

A general session will iticltidc statements
from SASU President and Trustee .lllll'
'l'ierricy. SASU (‘oriiriiunicatioris Director
Mary l’tctitlcrgtist. Vicc ('liuricelloi' Robert
l’crtiri. .‘s'UNYA Student Association Media
Director Libby l’mt ililtl State Press Service
Director Tim Slit-ii. “The conference is being
sponsored to bring jour'iiulisrii arid corri-
muuicatioii students together and to riiakc
them aware of the news happening all over.
not just on their campuses," said Slicil.
There will be a question and answer pcriod
after the s "

Determining who the publisher of a college
newpapcr is and how tiiircli control student
governments should have will be dealt with
by llerrtoff iii a talk entitled “A Free rind
Responsible Press: Who's Responsible?"

“i will be covering some of the ad-
ministrative pressures imposed on college
newspapers. i want to know why the sttrdcrit
senate at SUNY Purchase had the right to
fire the editor and change the name of the
college press." llcnto . . llcntoff is ti
member of the American Civil liberties
Union Board of Directors. Director of New
York (‘ivil liberties Uriioti and a respected
First Amendment advocate.

Shell pointed out that the talk by llcntoff
is the first time the subject is being addressed
during a prrblic i'orurii illltl that it is being
tlttIlC “in search of an answer turd not in
search of u reaction."

l‘hc opening event tor the second day of
the cotifvrcricc will be u putiel discussion,
consisting of representatives of radio, televi-
sion. print and wire service media. iii mi til.-

.r'
:1-

 

   

tempt to bring out the distinction betwceti the
four mcdiurris. The discussion will allow for
an analysis of media differences and how the
combination of tire tour sct‘\c the public iii a
positive way.

Later on in the tiny. a general discussion
and workshop of photojourririlisrri arid
SUNY newspapers use of photos will be criti—
ductcd by |)u\‘rd Snodgruss. the photo editor
of the Mir/rI/t'lrtrr'n/Ht'l‘ult/ lr't't'rtrrl. l‘ollow-
itig Sriodgrass. Al lluskiris. rid manager for
the lv'ttit'kt'rlmt-kr'r News and Times Union
will speak on the way in which increasing
readership can also increase ad revenues
“and increased aid rcvenucs increase in-
dependence." observed llaskins.

Along with photojournalist" and advertis—
ing discussions and workshops. Tom 'l‘olcs.
the editorial cartoonist for the littffrrlo News
will rippcar mid address the attendees of the
conference. He will try to convey the way in
which cartoons are done. what they add to
the paper, and how they are used.

Also addressing the conference during the
weekend will be ltob l-‘reemtm, the Director
of the Committee on Public Access
Records. Freeman will discuss the compile -
lions and ramifications of the Freedom of it
forriiatiori Act and Open Meeting Laws.

Post. and Fred l’adrrla. of the Center for
Women irt (iovcrrimcrit. and Prendergusi
stressed that it is important for an organiza-
tion to announce itiforrriatiori on a rcgtrltu
basis through the different media forms to iti-
\lllt.‘ a successful organization.

The sponsors of the conference expect 200
people. The cost to attend is ten dollars for
State l’r'css Scriicc arid SASU members and
fifteen dollars for nonmembers. The con-
l'erericc will go from |)ti) am. on l"l’ltlt|)’.
continuing to 2:00 [Hi]. on Sunday. Meals
are included in the attendance fee. 1 r

 

n «WvuﬂM1‘lW-J"

 

