  
 

   

  
  

 
  
   
  
    
   
    
   
    
    
 

 

  
 

'  I'I‘" "t‘ifF'W'V'WA . . n,
I , Wm-

 .7..... v.» Mm-

  

e“. ~ I I , V

 

  

\ .7 o more SERVICE

SIM! UNIVERSITY OF NEW YORK AT Alni"

   
 
   
 
   

Volunteer '
Interest ﬂeeting

i
i

I

i

r

l Sunday, October 2nd 8:00pm
i In Genesis Center
I

i

i

i

i

i

I

The exclusive photographers

for the ASP and the yearbook
104.Schulyer Hall, Dutch Quad

'l'o_ volunteer, you must have

completed IGPY all . l-‘or moro
Information oall:
Martha

INTEREST MEETING
be Tuesday, Sept. 27
In Campus Center Room 305

*Muet Own 35mm Camera
*Basic Darkroom Experience

 
  
 

 

 

“'5 Eileen 451-493

       
 

 

P: ' INTEREST MEETING '3'
** SPIRIT MAGAZINE 44. '

JSC - HILLEL'S HIGHLY ACCLAIMED PUBLICA TION.
NEEDS

ARTISTS, WRITERS,1'ypIs1' -
ETCIS. LAYOUT WORKERS: I Any Questions Call Sue 457-8867

TONIGHT, SEPTEMBER 27, 9 pm 00331 - 01'
ALL ARE WELCOME NO EXPERIENCE NEEDED Stop By Our Office

ENTHUSIASM HELPFUL
SPONSORED BY JSC -'HILLEL SPIRIT A UNIQUE OPPORTUNITY IN
PHOTOGRAPHY

' SA FUNDED j

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

¥4¥44¥44444444¥44¥44¥44 444444444444444444444¥¥4is:

WGDB @597 DIFI‘I

Him

presents
* "k 1k at *

'AZ'I'E£ GAHEBA/BOIIGO

CAMERA GIVEAWAY

Listen to 91FM for our
chance to win a K0 alc 3000

ibisc camera eomlimen ts of
1‘ State Photo ‘

i

4i! . . .

it I v- _ ,  r y, ._ N   = - _ .  u . .I I SAFUNDED
*¥*¥¥¥¥¥H¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥y¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥§

 

******************** ******

  

 

*‘k‘k‘k‘k‘k‘k‘k‘k‘k *********‘k‘k‘k‘k‘k‘k‘k‘k‘t‘k‘k‘k‘k‘k‘k‘k

-.

 
 
 
   
  
  
 
   
     

    
  

 

  

 

-.;I;Sports Briefs

'_ {Women booters win

The Albany State women's soccer team
improved its record to 3—2 as they nippcd
Division ll (‘olgatc l-(i last Saturday. Kim
‘ Kosalck scored thc game‘s lone goal with

 only 3:20 left to play. it was the second

' game winner this year for Kosalek. who
ltullicd on it pass froIn KcIIy Young.

The victory for Albany came over a
tough Rcd Raider team, which was
|previously undcfcatcd and ranked fourth in
‘thc sttttc. llcad (‘ottch Amy Kidder praised
hoth co-cuptain KttrL‘lt Smith for “capping
off a great week defensively" and Sharon
Yttblonski. “who did an outstanding job."
Trttcy Knaul started her first game this your

AMY CONEN UPS
Joan Phillipa to captain of thetwomen’e
.tonnla team. ‘

 

ED MARUSSICN UPS

. Freshman forward Tlhan Presbie has three goals on‘the year for the men‘s soccer
team. The boaters lost a tough 1-0 game to Cortland on Saturday.

 

   
  
   

SEPTEMBER 27.1983 :1 ALBANY STUDENTPRESS Spam 

 

By Mark Levine
. ASSOC/A 1E SPORTS EDITOR

 

Anyone who doesn't believe in the old
sports notion that lucky breaks tend to even
themselves out hasn't been paying much at-
tention to the Albany State men's soccer
team lately.

After narrowly walking away with a 1-0
decision over Plattsburgh last Wednesday in
which the Cardinals missed an Open net
chance to tie the game. the Danes found
'themselves in a scoreless battle with highly-
ranked Cortland State at the Red Dragons'
home ﬁeld on Saturday. With just under
three minutes remaining. a Cortland player
took a pass of a throw-in and headed the ball
toward the Albany goal. Dane netminder
Tom Merritt made a diving save, but when he
hit the ground the ball popped loose and Cor-
tland's .ton Coveny was in the right pOsition
in front of the goal. l-le tapped the ball into
the etnpty net. giving the Red Dragons an
emotional l-O win and the Duties u very
disappointing defeat. The loss evened
Albany's record at 2-2.

“i thought we were in control most of the
garlic.” commented Albany Head Coach Bill
Schieffclin. "it was just a case ofhelng in the
right place at the right titnc for them."

Albany had to play the game without the
services of ccntcr-forward Leslie Severe, who
is still suffering frottt a severe thigh bruise.
“We lost a lot of our offensive pttnch
without Leslie in tile game." Schicffclin said.
"We seemed to bc missing that one player iIt
tltc Initldlc wlto could have made thc dif-
l'crencc in thc filial outcomc.” l’teslnuun
Allcn Wcstcrmttn. who lutd been the starting
sweeper back for the first two games of the
your. sat out his second gatnc in it row with a
virus.

B°°ters tripped by Cortland inifinal minutes.”

Despite the loss. Schieffelin saw a number
of good signs that he hopes will continue as
the season progresses. v

“That was the best team game we played in
a very long time. Defensiver we played very
well. arid it wouldn't be fair to single ottt one

player and say he played a good game. it was

just an outstanding team effortol couldn‘t
have asked our guys to play any better." he
said.

Even though they lost. Albany made
Honorable Mention in this week's New York
State top to poll. According to Schieffelin.
two wins this week should put Albany in the
top l0.

Albany will play its fourth straight road
game this Wednesday as they visit North
Adams before returning home for a clash
with Droekport at home this Saturday.

CORNER KICKS: Danes seem to suffering
from the New York Giants Syndrome: great
defense. not much offense. Aside from 6-0
whitewash over Manhattanvllle. Albany has
scored ll total of two goals In their other three
games. while defense has given up three goals
in the four games...Frcshman Titian Presbie
leads Danes with three goals...Cortland
checked in at number five in state in this
week‘s poli...SoplIomore Mcrrltf. an All-
SUNYAC player last year. has 0.75 goals
against average so far this ycar...(iume time
Saturday is 2:00 against the Golden Eagles.
who tirade an appearance in the top I0 last
week before losing twice and dropping out.
Schlcl'l'clln called them “an explosive team
with a lot of new fact-5."...Albttny's last
home game was September 14. an opening-
gutnc Z-l loss to Oswcgo...Aftcr four-game
road swing. Dunes finish tip the year with six
out of eight ltontc games, including the last
three In It row. [,1

 

in goal and recorded the shutout. “it v as
art excellent game to take, the kids played
real well. We also got some nice l’lt'aks."
Kiddcr sttid.

Harriers second

Last Friday the Albany State Int-It's
cross—country tctttn bcat Division l Univer-
sity of Vermont, but lost to ltost Williams.
'l'hc Danes finished second itt thc tI'i—tucct
scoring 40 points to Williams‘ 2H arid
UVM's 56. .lunior lid hchill and
sophotnorc lan (‘IcIncuIs led the Dunc at-
tack by finishing third and fourtlt ovcrall
anti covering Williants‘ hilly shim Inilc
coursc itt 26:0! and lictiZ rcspcctivcly.
Albany's rccotd now stands at 3-]. The
Danes host tl\'tll lltutwick totnotrow at
1:10.

Women netters 3«0

The Albany State women's tennis team
upped its record to 1—0 with two recent
wins.

Saturday. Albany traveled to l’lttttsburgh
where tltcy easily defeated the host ("ail
dinuls 7—2. Mindy llartstcin and Joan
l’ltillips stttrrcd for the Danes its they each
won their singles Inatchcs uttd teamed to
win their doubles match.

On Monday. Albany cdgcd i’otsdtun ttt
home by a score of 5—4. l’irst singles Deb
chl'e won her singles mutch. \vhilc llttrts-
tein and Phillips teamed up for anothct
doubles victory.

The Dunes‘ next match will be at Union
on Wednesday.

Upcoming events

Looking to push their rccord past the
.500 mark again. the 2-2 men's soccer team
will play its fourth road game in It row on
Wednesday at North Adtttns...Thc Incn‘s
tennis tcutu will host the RH [Engineers on

Thursday at 3:00 pm... The women’s cross

cottutry team will host ilttrtwick in a dual
tncct on Wednesday tll 4:00 p.nt...'l‘hc
women's volleyball team will visit the (‘ol-
lege of St. Rose for a game on Wednesday
at 7:00 p.m...'l‘hc 3-0 women's tennis team
will visit Union (in Wednesday; ‘ ' "

 

 

 

 

 

‘Spikers place third

 

liy Adam Wilk

SIX“! li‘RIlf R

 

The Albany State women's volleyball team
placed third this past \vcckcud in their own
(trctu Dime lnvittuiotutl.

Because of injuries to a number of plttycrs.
thc spikcrs were forced to use three
freshmen-Patty Munhall. Liv. Pritctorious.
and Jean (‘olttio--most of the day. "it was a
tough tournament. but we did well consider-
ing our depicted roster." sttid Albany Head
Coach Patrick Dwycr.

Albany opened the tournament by
defeating Stony Brook. lS-l2. iii-16. They
tltcn defeated Queens College by It score of
15-7., l5vti before meeting up“ with lthucg. .
Albany etune ottt on the short end’of it 1518.

-‘tontori'ow night at‘7:00 p.‘m.

l5—l2 score for their first loss of the tourna-
tncttt. while lthnca would continue on to the
finals before losing to Cornell.

'l‘hc Danes then bounced back and
defeated St. Lawrence. 15-t0. IS-IZ and then
clitnittatcd llrockpot‘t in the quarterfinals
1345. 15-8. 15-7. Albany thcn met up with
(‘orncll iii the semifinals. where they were
beaten by a score of l5-3. lS-Z. in the coin
solution game for third place. Albany notch-
cd its first ever victory over Colgtttc by it
score of 15-13. Overall, tltc Danes won four
of six matches anti nine of 14 games.

“We played really well attd we are going to
have a super year." Dwyer said. The Dttucs'
next nuttqu is at The College of Saint Rose

* ~';-‘ ‘va will]

