 

 

_ wgivwxsfi.‘ “Nam rem... . ....a.......,,.mHum...“ w .a.... ....a,........e........ ..- . .. .  _. .. ........-.

 

:ASPECI' S ON TUESDAY 11
.Sound and Vision' . ' kg;-

 

NOVEMBER 15. rrlr

 

 

 

 

 

Ill ASPECTS ON TUESDAY.

' Stage View

Ezzoner At The Egg  Pipes Of Pop

 

   
     
 
  
  
       
  
     

aGuardta is a name most of us

associate with the airport in

Flushing. Queens. However. there
is much more to the ex-New York City
mayor than Just this aeronautical tribute. th-
zoner — The Mayorl, a play by Paul Shyre,
explores the personal and political life of
Ftorello LaGuardia. through a series of
monologues and flashbacks.

Ken Dornbaum

H/zzoner tackles the subject of the flam-
boyant politician effectively. Compared to
Ed Koch. LaGuardia was a rib-nonsense.
garrulous trendsetter on the liberal side of the
political pendulum. Elected In 1933. he re-
mained mayor until the end of WW ii. and
served as a congressman prior to his mayoral
term. "i am nicknamed ‘little flower' "(a
translation of Florello from ltallan into
English). LaGuardia tells the audience in his
first monologue.

He was the son of an ltallarr Jewish
woman from Trieste and “a lapsed Catholic
from Foggla" who came to this country two .
months before he was born. Because of this
diverse ancestry. he was able to speak
several languages. which aided him in get-

 

 

One of the nicer points about It,”
that it is able to potray l..r(;r..mlla as?“
perfect persona. with certarn arrrruyirrglllagl
and various mistakes in reasoning 1,. ll
presenting the subject as a sum»er
without faults or sentirnr-ntalrty 5h “Tm
created a realistic picture of Tamils?
Also, he has created other nerwrrrrculrr' 
otnnipresent — like the tliaytrr's WWW?"
yet invisible. This present r- rtrtlrour purng
makes the audience own He lllr'lt rrnrlrllll
tlons ltr the creation rrt tlrr-w perr'lg‘l‘l
characters. M”

The set of liizzornvr .rlw augrrrvrrrsri-
waitress of the play Set rrr l.a (hrartlrrr‘s'l
fice at City Hall. the set rs ltllt'tl wrilrrrrrt J.
furrrtture. multitudes rrt ll'llrll lllrilttmlg't'l
and various visual props :‘ltrrtrntl rlrw 
a firerrran's hat that he [)HK no ltts lrr‘atl 
posing for journalists anrl plrrrrrrrndpl...“ .‘
til he gets led up and lltlrtu'n fltr'iti rrrrrrr“.
office Because of tho i‘rllrlll W,” uh.
dimensional stage at llu lrrrt lttlllrt'rmn
able to position liliiisr'll -:: ‘trl‘. r
others do seem to be pr. tlrl .rrr -
almost seem to be liltiitlr r rt -r l‘t irrrrr l"
lighting is also wry .rr:r lv‘~'tr‘ll\. rt 
Shadows front arr’lrwl  r. r. i .
panes are thrust onto llrt‘ .- r .

 

 

 

 

aul McCartney's new album. Pipes
0/ Peace. has just been released. it
contains that sweet pop sound that

McCartney has been cultivating since 1976's
Wings at the Speed 0/ Sound.

Corey Levitan

The album was recorded with essentially
the same musicians who played on McCart-
ney's highly successful Tug of War album last
year. Contributors to both albums Include
ex-Wlng Denny Lane. Stanley Clarke. Dave
Mattacks and Ringo Starr. Michael Jackson
is also back again. as well as former Beatle
producer George Martin.

Although Pipes of Peace is mostly pop
mush. some of the songs are melodic. and
Paul ls certainly in top vocer form, Tire level
of energy ire once put into his rock songs is
evidentally now being applied toward the
rnelloWer material. since the songs on this
album as well as last years Tug of War are
structurally rrrore nrature than typical MC-
Cartney offerings of late.

A major reason for this musical improve-
ment is probably the discipline induced by
George Martirt “Since l'rn the producer
now." Martin commented. “if i don‘t tlrtnk
the material is good enough. we don't record

 

'ended the song "Tug of War."

gests that people should be able to “learn
songs of joy instead of burn. baby. burn" and
music must “teach them how to play the
pipes of peace." interestingly. the song fades
out with the exact string arrangement that

“Say. Say. Say." the album's already
overplayed single featuring Michael Jackson.
'could prove to be the album's only major hit.
The album is so heavily rooted in soft pop
that it will probably not get rock radio ex-
posure. and the mellow stations traditionally

don't play McCartney records because of his
association with rock music. This is unfor-
tunate. because there are some good songs
that deserve airplay. I

“Keep Under Cover" is a strong track.
"Eleanor Rigby"»lsh strings make the tune
sound uncannily reminiscent of Paul's old
Beatles offerings. McCartney employs a
beautiful talsetto in "So Bad." surely the high
point of the alburrr. He conveys believable
palrr in the song as he sings. "Girl. i love you
so bad."

Most rrf llii.‘ songs on the album are less
Impressive. however. There are some inven-
tive bass licks and a nice Spanish guitar solo
in “Sweetest Little Show." but the song is so
foolish that nothing could save it “Swuetest
Little Show" fades lrrto a bland song called

 

 

 

 

 

 

"Tug of Peace. a jazzy rewrite of the song
“Tug of War." recalls the corrtllct theme: "it's
a tug-of-war no. no. Your troubles cease
whetr yotr learn to play the pipes of peace "
This is an interesting premise. but the idea

 

 

 

The album finishes off on a high note.
since “Through Our Love" Is a perfect finale.
An exploding crescendo of brass and string
accompany l’aul. as he looks forward with
optimism: "Through our love. we can do

tin elected. A real sto - -l ' r ‘
hegexplalnSlO U311"lnCldiiil‘lhelvlllcll‘hepxzs llll‘U- L'It'r‘ttilrg vwrd rrnpr. urlrr Ill rla; -.r; it." He says McCartney raised an eyebrow I I
running agatnsl an uppe,.class chmh "IQlIt. “because nry first reaction wastlrat outofthe “Average Person,‘ Tire lyrics. however. could have been better illustrated if these things that they said were impossible."
Ilrzzoncr allows for tllrrll rrrltln'lnu l... fourteen songs he had written. four were recall the satire of "Penny Lane. to the were not the only lyrics. Consequently. the
good " Martin's production of both albums is song's advantage. Amid a teasing "lill‘llil" song comes off as inane "Hey. Hey" is a ()verall. Pipes o/ Peace is a lavishly pro-

lawyer. His oppénent announced that
LaGuardia was an anti-Semite. Upon hear-
ing this. LaGuardia challenged the lawyer to
a debate in Yiddish. Since his opponent
could not speak Yiddish. he did not show
up. and LaGuardia won the Jewish vote and
the election. Anecdotes like this weave their
way in and out of the fabric of Hizzoner.
This brings in one of the problems which
plagues one-character plays. They rely solely
on speech and have little or no action at all. I
After a while, it could get tiresome to listen to

Tony Lo Blanca as lirzzoner by Al lllrsclrfteld; Mar

   

“o

go Fetden Galleries. New York

ticlpation, Throughout lllr‘ rim rrptrw Sltrl‘t:
of Shyre. and the mime .rrr.l lrrtrstrrmt‘gd;
ting of LoBtanco, the outflow u r» .rlrletrrr:
aglne in his or her own my lln‘ chart rivtrr»
of the action. This at‘tlw rolr' lt‘SsL’lr: rt.
possibility of being lititl'tf hr. the rrratvrrrrirarj
increases the chance» for mpcrrurru.‘
something unique and l'trll‘tlrtiliiitll it w;
LaGuardia on a one-to ‘rtrl' irrrsrs urih tit
audience. This intimacy allows for it rt.lrr'
greater understanding that rt ltr' ‘.\t'it’ tlltlr‘r“

 

  

 

 

 

 

    

 

 

 

 

flawless.

Pipes o/ l’cocr- could very well have been
called Tug o/ Wrrr II. The albums sound very
much alike. and both are loosely built
around the theme of conflicts and how peo-
ple solve them In the title track. Paul sug-

chorus. McCartney mocks the banality of or-
rlirrary life. l'lL' tells of a former engine driver
whose only great ambition in life rs to work
with lions in a zoo. "Yes. dear. you heard
right. He told me his ambition was to Work

dragging instrumental. ctr-composed by Paul
and Stanley Clarke. Alrotlrer collaboration
with Michael Jackson. "The Man." is a
throwaway. Laced with musical and lyrtcal
cliches. “The Man" may be too popprsh to

 

 

wltlr lions every night."

become a hit.

Pygmalion Revisited

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

riur'ed, lackluster alhurn. it's basically a se-
quel Ito Tug of War. and as most sequels go.
It offers little originality And It certainly offers
no hitrts that McCartney ever plans to stray
from the confines of sweet pop.

If you're not a pop fan. stay away. i l

 

 

 

 

  

    

 

  
    
   

    
      
 
   

    
      

 

 
 

  
   

the volce 01 one arson} j- - 0,, I . _ and involved with other rlr. . I
has no pIoblem pm IhIII IéfslgIICI‘IilTlI‘I‘Iilsti-Iﬁt 32:53:3322; quIIrjven thIough we have to Actor Tony LoBtanco is able to rise above Running at the liuti litri‘lnlilrlltlhltln'l Ir
Blame plays the mew” WmI a “Mural eaIIIII washI I IdonII g-Ive IIailriIltlIJmlLiakt; onu the few faults of the play with sophisticated iiizzoner — The hftlt‘rrt'  r‘xl‘rl’llutl in t. I I . .. . .
displaying the colorful wlt of his character. dunng a radio speech Such .IIKItIay. grace. NornlnatedforaTony award last year I produced on Broadway you What or. w ‘ W‘n' " “my “luml‘w mghl le" Chime." “W‘l” luv“ “lid his “55"Clal‘3' H‘s
Also. LoBlaco acquires the mannerisms and created nervous lau hter tlrr I ‘ ‘I“I’HUC or his performance in the 1983 Broadway ltnpresglue 15 m.” m... l, ;,._ mun-5 .. . "W “I’””"“'”“ “"‘l‘l 5'llllll’l9‘l ""0 associate seems to have a foot fetish. he is
gestures of his character quite credibly. dlenceI bu, n {oiled a) be "walla mm ll lLfaU- I premium, and n w... .1...“ .. ml. l um. I ll“'IC”‘”"“‘ l'“ "' (jul‘mw cum” I“ always afraid of being caught with the lover,
However Hizzoner does fall short. since dunng canal” pansof me lay IEIIW-  Iact. revival of Arthur Millers A View From the program of presuntrng .. rlr rrrrrlr Ill‘lrltr» 5“) [illunmnu mm “w mvmw W‘IS due the 5” he picks up [he "hum and.pm'e"d5 to be
some of the dialogue is drippy and corny seemed to laugh as ” maize 5I’II'II :0“ tI-nce Brrdge. ire transcends his own physrcal tions of new tireatrrral  .r. r llt‘ﬁllllt ’5 next any we “we 1mm “mama and gmm‘ Slm'kmg Wllh mmw'w‘ Lame gals his
Fm example- Plat/Wilth SlWre has LaGuor holding up We cards (IIIC IILrL sprpcone limitations the is tall and slim; LaGuardia shortcomings. it is br'rng lll rlrrltltr’rl .n .t ' py‘ She {mm Inch.“ Slwp' "w [mm [he ‘me‘ revenge by walking up to his associate who is
dla saying things like. "DOW. you children. laugh C "Q MU“ m was Slm” (“d d“ml-"til t0 Convince the were alreariv on littrarlum. rtttrf r.rrr l’» My “l H "mm ('lmkhnv mm Rl‘udrdIUM' ”” “‘9 l’l‘m‘“ “"‘l “if‘mnlng him "ii" ll“?
' viewers that he is a resurrected LaGuardia. miles away I we [mum] m” “Wm '"ld 5'" dmw" ‘md 5m- Pll'mt’ lb“ l’L’L’" ‘llscmll‘W-‘le‘l l‘" a weak-
‘ pr'islngly. what greeted our eves was nothing jmd's wanlw l5 hardened we” lunhe,
. Slit)" Ul ltllrIIHttlHi «Ultl tttltt‘lilttii win-n her marriage dissolves. Her husband
_ _ can‘t handle her ambition. insisting on a
l  e O 0 Shirley Davis good wile wrtlr ten children. Tire relationship
I, 7 7_ 77’ reaches a searing antagonistic climax. when
Ifrlncnlmg It‘ltrr. starring Michael Caine he begins burning her books.
he University Theatre's productmn and newcomer Julie Walter’s. detarls llre ’l‘in‘oughout the film. Caine is slowly
OfLook Homeward. Angel. skillfully story of n twentysix year old woman who .wrrrking his way towards another lover. As
directed by Jerome Hanley. was goes to a professor for an education it the books get pulled from the shelves. the
well-received by university audiences th|5 reminds one of My I‘nrr Lady In reverse . bottles seem to multiply and the writer's
weekend. The Pulitzer Prize-winning play by Michael Caine as Frank (‘rillrert is at his best block stubbornly persists.
Kettl Frings is based on Thomas Wolfe's as a cynrcal. aging. alcoholic and frustrated The university town setting of the film is
autobiographical novel. poet literally breezrrrg through the stuck As the movie prtNJYL’SSt‘S- Wt‘ lJL’Sll'i t“ 501’ - her hair. Towardsthe middle. as she is slow- perfect The clear. crisp photography of tire
dour CUtilL’S Smith ldlliis thﬂl. She is brassy ll“! “(lllCitll'l‘J 0f Rim Spring “"0 lUll ltitcu ly emerging from her instinctive shell. she urriversrty clashes with the harsh lighting of
Lisa Mirabella and bold. yet r'edt-r-nrs herself with a touch of Just as rapidly. we witness the deterioration [wwnws suauh “(,1 Rm" A5 he, lemming tn. Kim‘s lmwr (L155 Wm”
vulnerability She wants an education. and 0f CitlttL’. tha L’mL’rQL’S lml“ d” CXlStL‘HCL’ “l she becomes softer as a woman Rita. finally. is able to learn to write an
m nothing. not even a “geriatric hippy" like avid Harold Robbins landonr to an intense She is confident and s. .sier than ever and essay. and in the process of living and learn-
boarding house run by the Can! family. M. (Z-ll‘k‘tl l5 Limitii l“ S'UP l‘L‘r» A5 She PUIS ll- Cllekl‘m/ Wild“ (Yt’Sv hml UW’UQll l lmd it ICaine can't handle it When informed of her ing. surpasses her professor.
Susan Peek's portrayal of the family': she wants "to learn a better song." Chekth tL’St —rl had to 588 it in likian name change. he exclaims. "call me Mary! We left the movie with a smile. knowing
mah'lamh. Mrs. Eliza Gant. is extremely The exchanges between Cdine and CUlOtl- She is like 0 SPUHQL’. Stiﬂltlng UP ery?. .l feel like Mary Shelly ~ lcreated that Rita could take care of lrerselfand she'd
Powerful. She demands attention from both Walters are the best features of the movie. UVCWUHU'S “Pinto” dml takan Whﬂt She Frankenstein." be 0 K. Then my roommate and i looked at
the players and the audienCe at all times. Rita is always there with a smart-ass answer. likes. We see the transformation. physically Ar To lighten the atmosphere of heightening each other. and realized while the educating
while evoking respect. fear and pity from yet we learn to love her for it. not tlrtnk less as well as mentally. She is shown at the rensmn. the din-mm Lnnis Gilbert has m. “(Rimjuslendudl nuwducallon was ‘“"190.
them. of her. beginning Of the lllm Willi ClOth’S that malCh cluded a second plot; the affair between ino on. L
Matthew Healy does an effective job por- ,'
traylng the sensitive youngest son Eugene. .
the only Gant who succeeds in escaping
from Eliza's stronghold. The moving display I
of tzndernisinor and strength against hts  RIA- 
mot er in t e ast scene is outstandln . . .
Healy's skill ls complemented by ighat of ' ' ﬁcAN PROVE I'M ANYTHING WOW! SPEClAL YES,BUT NOW H 5
Mlcheala Reilly who plays Laura. his friend r  A TlME Y SAY EFFECTS AND  SECONDS 
and lover in the drama. Although they had r TRAVELER BY EVERYTHlNG.
never shared the stage before. both have RINGIN THIS
been seen in SUNYA productions while they »‘ 1 ‘ v ) B E  INTO
were still attending local high schools. ' Sim" bark and Matthew llealy In look H i l ENTIR ’
Chris Vecciarello plays the older brother, married to an overpowering womalr for 'le‘mhl‘ll’d' Arm“! «  
BenI who has been demmedpy his nwum.II WMSI - IcIIiItItIrt 15/ C l‘arley. fill out the scenes as they. who for ti 1 i r H h ttr‘ rI-‘rti'l‘
severity. He is first sardonic in his resistance Heine does do a good job sentimentalizint i l l m ‘rmd - mp0" ‘0 Mls- Cant Thr- costt r - It lnm l  * ‘f l‘lllll‘ W“
to her. and then despairing in his Inability to the beautiful stone angel in his stotrucultef (:;:'I'I'I;IersI alI lilxlelarrd are an impressan [III‘IIILHM s rcpresr ntrng t n .rrrr.
escape. shun which uh,“ [he III) I I . U c raricatures that are ' V  l s l r . .r.ri.
The only personaI in the family who does rerrrlnrls W.(). Can of theI yoyutl'rs.  lulF’mImus and l-“illWllC- I" (mu jj:,Ul\J.Y/.\IS I}: “If; I'm] I”:lllll‘.lllr‘rli‘r‘ilhlru-rl
not display l'lanleys ability to build solid. and freedom he once knew lL ‘llal"tllltt Provided by l‘rirrri's award» ) I h “a” l "m mm H ll V l V .’
convincing Characters Is the father. W.O. I The other characters. which InciudLl tht- :TSrnllLue scrim '5 splundld. evoking laughter VL'TITCKSNBr"Midi/my. "I lrl- lwr tins M‘I‘lr‘  
Gant. it is impossible to believe that the (rantsdanglrterl-lelen.playedlry Catherine (llt'liC' Tlsnrne tears front the attentive au~ In'rforn i :an  I (Will/‘1‘ ,../ .trrrrrr‘  ‘ ‘
youthful and energetic Mark l‘ielne is por- linlger. and th Pentland. a close friend and the rL' blw lulu" 59]- I‘onslsrlng mainly of 11'...“ mm? H [Mb “ll” ‘4‘ 'x.‘..\r‘llrlu't A-  . 
lraylng n (rlisyear-old tnan who has been business advisor of Mrs. Gant. played b5 "m "iii old boulhern house. is a lrrl‘yl(‘)n)I/:U:ll])l:;lll‘flllrlr‘lk rttll rr'sr'll-l  “TL in

 

 

 

.ra-jM'er .urcwwmﬂhwhﬁrimr

magnificent surrounding for the characters

rum

 

lions.call/1578000.

 

 
 

