 

. .. . ._ .  . D about the structure ol“
‘FUERZA LATINA’ CONFUSE the

PRESENTS ISRAELI GOVERNMENT and how it
‘LATINO MONTH ’ W°rk5- ‘

If so . you can clear up some of those misunderstandings
and get your questions answered-

Come hear Prof. Marty Edelman
(Who leathes Israeli Politics here at SUNYA)
When: Tues. April 12

Where: LC 6
Time: 7:30pm

 

 

  
 

 

’TEATRO AVAHZADO’ Puerto Rican Theatre Group

PAC Recital Hall 8PM $2.00 with tax
$2.50 with out

for further Info. Contact Margie itn-noa

April 14

TRIP TO DIPPIKILL $15 Per Person

for More lnln. Cunt-ct i'uucu 741025 or contact oltlcc lur lurtlrer lutnnuntluu

Apt-u 15-11

CONFERENCE ON LATIN AMERICA- Topic ’The
Caribbean; Crisis and Kevolt’
More lulu. ululnt‘t l'rlncs 7-llll7.1 or Vivian 7-ll725

/ April 21-22

‘ .~ - l ' SC I'llllel Students for Israel
Sponsored )3 J SA lt'mrtlat

.. .,. “ﬂaw...” ...,.. Mm

 

.__
u 13 FUERZA LATIHA'S 10th ANNIVERSARY DANCE ﬂ
Apr I“my”!RH‘KM‘IPICR '73 mid Special Guest 'La Sensual 825'
PLACE C.C. Ballroom
TIME 9PM-2AM
FREE BEER 9PM-10PM
PRICE $8.00 in advance
$10.00 at the door.

:FUAS Recipe Plight-

 

Favorite Recipe’s Direct From Your

Family
Dinner Tuesday, April 12th on your
quad

Dutch Quad-Kosher _. Beef Bourgigm)"
A by Sharon Debra Kim It
Pr" 3° TRIP TO ’OREAT ADVENTURE‘ pump. Quad.  , Bee. Sucgumn

~ .. ..- r .  5.. Au “mus by PeterSoltroudor
("mm m VHW‘ " r “ Spanish Benf with Rice.

by Karen Burbttr'n Hrmtlr
Indian Quad Stow

by Danny Muuror
Chinese Ginger Beef

by Noney Campolrr
Beef Stew by David Killlltl‘ll_J

MMItA'r utY
STAFF
MEETING

'I‘IIURSIDAY, APRIL 4 
7 PM. [10.19 ’

Apr" 14 ANNUAL PICNIC TO 'THATCHER PARK $5.00

hules leave clrtilc DAM. rot more lulu. lttllllu’l l'ruuces 7vltli25

Colonial Quad- .....

I II t - ___
Come and participate in tin Latin Culture. m u" Q" Id
For further information c.c. 345 457-8651

in funded

State Quad- ____

 

 

Alumni- “

 

 

 

 

   

o The Albany Student Press Board of Directors will be
elected _a_L the meeting

 

 . 0 All members of the University Commtianr‘Ei'ﬁﬁiéd
 to submit letters of self-nomination to Mark Gamer,

__ Edit_0_r in ChieLby midnight, April 13.

9A1! staff members of the Alb“nyw§t‘udénTPFessﬁas
listed In the staff box on the editorial pages are required
to attend. Failure to attend the meeting may result in

termination

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 ,,,,....-..a- aur. -

 

 

By Gina Abcnd
sm Fl-‘ li’RIlER
toll at tile university level by pulling a
damper on SUNYA's student sponsored
Telethon. Approximately 335.700 was gross-
ed by Tcletlton ’83. falling $l0.000 sltort of
last year's gross total. according to Telethon
'83 Co-chair Betsy Kwasrrtan.

However. Scott Birgc. assistant director
for tire Campus Center and Tclctltort advisor.
pointed out tltat the actual amount given to
the designated organizations was roughly
$23,000 In I982. Kwasrnart expects this ycar‘s
net amount to be rougitly $20,000. The
money will be distribtttcd among 'l'elctlron's
three I983 recipients: tltc Wildwood Scltool.
the Northeastern New York Cltaptcr of the
Neurofibromatosis Foundation artd Camp
Opportunitcs. lnc.

Co-chair Eileen Kozin said. "We are trying
to bring the net amount closer to the gross
amount. so that expenses can be alleviated.
and the money announced to the public cart
be closer to the amount we acttrrtlly give to
the recipient organizations."

In an effort to accontpllslt this. traditional
fundraisers used in other years were
clintirtatcd this your doc to lack of profits.
“The book exchange artd tltc birthday cake
sttics are two examples of cvcttts that grosscd
a lot of rnortey itt previous years." explained
Kwasntan. “but tltc net was very low.
Because the not was so low. we decided rtot to

run those events this year. artd to try to run
events that would possibly gross more."

This is what Kwasman believes is the
reason for the difference In the gross
amounts of Tclethons ’82 and '83. “along
with the fact that hardly anybody has any
money this year due to the recession."

The decrease in the gross amount is no
reflection of the hard work put in by
everyone. site maintained. adding "i don't
think anyone on staff could really have work-
ed any harder."

Telethon ‘83 was effective in reducing ex-
penses, which total $l5.0()0. said Kwasman;
approximately $4.000 less titan the previous
year. in addition, she said co-chairs must
review events witlt previous treasurers to
determine which were successful financially.

Birgc attributed the difference in the two
years to the recession. “For example." he
said. "five years ago. we could buy ttnd sell
T-shirts for less mortey. It was a sound fiscal
decision to eliminate events that led to high
gross figures, but low not figures."

The annual Telethon ltas several goals.
Birgc maintained. One is to earn money.
“Another.” said Birgc. “is to ltttvc a positive
impact. both financially and on ll lturnart arid
personal level."

Birge. who ltas been advisor to 'l‘clctlton
for the past tltrcc years and Irtvolvcd in other
ways In the past six. cxplttincd. "l
characterize this group (staff '83) on having
the grcatcst impact on tltc university corti-

Inttmity, and informational outreach. it

One set perlormlng durirm the 24-hours ol Telethon “m
"The fact that IL'.\'.\‘ mono)I was mist-(l this year was no reflection on the parlor/Itnnt't's. "

Pipe Dream bans SA candidate advertisements

 

By Suzanne Abels
.S'l.-III' II‘RIII it

Pipe Dream, SUNY liiughamtou‘s bi-
wcckly student newspaper has decided to
(ictty ttll SA candidates the right to put paid
campaign ads irr its publication, according to
It ucws story published iii a recent issue of tltc
papcr.

The decision. according to tire story. ctunc
after a series of memos directed at the paper
ctunc front the Assistant News litlilor
.loscpltinc Schmidt. at issue was \vhcthcr per—
sons pursuing ou-cttutpus ol'l'icc sitouid be
allowed to purchase curnpttign advertising
spucc irt Iltc school paper.

The issue arose after a candidate for lis-
cctrtivc Vice President of SA Michael llrcu-
not. paid and received approval for fch
advertisements In Pipe Drcmn. The ads were
scltcdulcd to be printed in five cortscctrtivc
issues of the pttpcr prior to [lie elections stur-
tiug Tuesday March l5.

Co News Editor of Pipe Dream Gerry
Mullttuy said that l’l'pt' I)rt'am'.v Editorial

Board voted 6-5 to prohibit campaign ads
“after about a two hour discussion." He said
“it (the idea of buying art cicctiou) doesn't fit
into orrr ethics" and tltal is wiry the decision
was made.

lircnncr said lie was contacted by an
unidcnlificd pcrson front Pipe Dream Mtu‘ch
l4 and told that his ad was Itot going to be
printed doc to tire “new SA policy" and that
his ntortcy would be refunded.

Refusal carnc prior to a vote on llrc issuc
by the iiditoriul Board of Pipe Dream on the
evening of March 14.

Accordirtg to Schmidt. ul‘tcr’ SA lixccutivc
Vicc President Susan Iiloodworth and .lolttt
Gyllcultarurncr. cltair of tire SA election corti—
Ittillcc sent a series of utctnos Monday after—
noon to the Board.

liloodworth explained that "someone
frqu Pipe Dream callcd lltc SA office to see
what our policy was on cttrttpuigu ads. They
asked if we had any policies on mass rucdiu
prcscuttttiou." Site said that til the time of
this call “wc had Ito procedure governing the
candidates“

I APRIL 12, 1933 rt ALBANY STUDENTPRESS 5

Telethon ’83 falls short of goal due to economy

'touchcd more people than ever." he said.

Kwasman reiterated tltcsc Tcietltott goals.
"One of the major goals Is to build relation-
ships witlt the children by spending time wlth
them. The ntoncy is important. but to the
children themselves. initially. the money is
secondary."

Recreational Services Coordinator of the
Wildwood Scltool Dennis Lakc agreed that
"One of'l‘clcthon '83‘s mairt focI was to keep
cxpcnditurcs down." He feels the philosophy
ofTelcthon Is giving much more titan dollars.
“The support and enthusiasm given to our
organization were ntorc important." said
Lake. “All of our kids know what the word
‘Tclcthon' means." He explained that
Tclctlton involved the faculty. parents.
recreation workers as well as the cltildrcn of
Wildwood School. “I compliment tltc
SUNYA group on a superior job. Everything
they promised was ftrlfillcd."

Cltair of Tclctltort '83 Community Rela-
tiotts Mary Ellen Murphy felt the major dif-
fercrtce in the amount of money raised was
the fact that a muclt tiglttcr budget was run
this year Iltan last. Having bccit involved irt
botlt 'l‘clcthons. Murphy explained. “This
year tt lot of time and energy was put into the
orgauiratlons which maybe lttsl ycar was put
irtto fund-raising."

Site also pointed out that last year. Iltcrc
were two rccipicrtt organizations; this year
tltcrc were three.

Spokcswomttn for tire Northeastern New
York Chapter of the Ncurofibromatosis

 

1 ED MARUSSICN UPS

Bloodworth said that site “called the SA
ltrwycr to see what lltcy cortld do." They
found tltcy had Ito authority to intposc Ircw
SA policy without tltc approval of tire Stu—
dcrtt Assctttbly. 'l‘hcrcforc. Bloodworth and
(iyllcuhamntcr dclivcrcd It memo to thc
editorial board of Pipe Dream “informing
them their options." Blootlworth asserted
that campaign ads “give certain candidates
Ihc advantage of buying it position. I feel
very strongly about this."

The second tncrtto sent by Bloodwortlr and
(iyllcnltummcr to I’ipc l)/'eum said that
ttsvcrlisctncrtls itt tltc campus publications
“would be detrimental to tire clcctiott process
of tltc university.“ It tltcrt suggested tltal
Pipe Dream rcftrsc ttll requests for campaign
ads by candidates or anyone representing a
candidate. According to Schmidt. the Pipe
Dream decision was totally independent of
tltc SA.

Candidate lircrmcr. howcvcr. stated that
lie asked to be in tire Board’s debate over tltc
issrtc but was refused admittance. “Who

 

Foundation Barbara Wellman said. “in addi-
tion to tltc money, the publicity through the
news releases about Telethon. and the fact
that Telethon itself was aired. not only
brought greater awareness of
ncurofibromatosls to the general public. but
several families and professionals learned
about our cltapter. Equal to the money." she
maintained. “arc the Telethon activities
throughout tltc year involving the kids.
Tltosc relationships establisltcd are more
valuable tlta the money."

Similar fccllrtgs were expressed in an April
8th ASP Letter to the Editor by Shirly
Arcnsberg. a member of the Wildwood
Scltool Board of Directors. She wrote. "The
fabulous results achieved by these dedicated
(SUNYA) students are an inspiration to us
all. . . I would like to draw attention to the
tremendous effort and energy put out by this
group of students throughout the entire
school year. . .formlng a personal bond with
the children. . . We at Wildwood thank
Iltcrtt. . .for the help and special love they
have given our children."

"The ccortottty is at such a stale." cout-
rrtcutcd Camp Opportunities Executive
Director licrcsford Bailey. seeing this as the
reason for the difference irt two ycttr's funds.
"Telethon '83." Ire said. “was a very well-
plauncd. organized activity. The SLINYA
studcnts' enthusiasm. concern tutti involve-
ructtt Iltrillcd Inc.” llailcy thanked the
students community and congrulultttcd the
'l'clcthott stuff on bchttlf of Caitlin ()ppor-
ttruitics. "It's not tltc money." stressed
Bailey. "it's tltc thoughtfulness."

'I‘cictltott 'll] Secretary Donna Wcidig has
been involved irt several 'l‘clcthous and
pointed out that liming ol'tlrc cvcut may have
bccn rt contributing factor to thc lttrrtout.
'l'clclhou 'li2 took place on April 2. and
‘I'clclhou '83 was March iii-l9; suggesting
that tnidlcrms could have had an effect on
student participation in 'l'clctltonvsponsorcd
cvcnts. Also. she said lltttt there was it short
period of time after vviutcr interscssion irt
which to promote Telethon. Wcidig stressed
that “this year. there was alt excellent stuff.
and it was run cxlrcmcly wcll. This stuff was
just as close-knit as last year's.“

Faculty Littson of 'l‘clctlton Adricnuc
Zimbch said. “my airrt was to involve facul-
ty as \chI as students in reaching 'l'clctlton's
igonls. if the faculty were it Iilllc urorc cort-
ccrncd. and gave trot only their financial stip-
port. but their tintcus well. I bclicvc'l'clctlron
'ii} would've rcapctl more profits." She also
urcrttiortcd that the recession may have lll~
llucrrccd tltc results. “People just don‘t have
rttortcy this year." she said.

Student Lynne Roncsi. who viewed bollr
'I‘clcthous. Itskcd. “l low call we expect t'ttcul-
ty and SUNY staff to donate moucy. wltcrt
many of thcir jobs are ill jeopardy this
ycttr‘i“

Robyn Rubcltstciu. another spectator ot
Iltc past two Tclcthotts. corttrrtcrttcd.
“liccausc otrr economy is falling apart. pco
pic cannot afford to donate lltcir money.
Students. especially. don‘t have as much
nroncy this year as last."

11>

knows what tltc ltcll tltcir ctltics arc?" asked
lircuncr. He has threatened to bring this mat~
let to tire SA .ludiciatl Board “after
clcctions." Brcnncr also said. “it SA wasn‘t
irtvolvcd (as tltcy claimed they weren't) irt the
Board‘s tlccisiorr. my ad would h'tvc bccrt
prirttcd. I don‘t feel tltc popcr scrvcs Ihc
slutlcnts‘ IIccds."

illodworth admittctl to being It supportcr
of lirctlrtcr's opponent irt the elections. but
she said that was not tltc reason for ltcr dcci-
siou. Shc said “he has tltc right to fch
whrucvcr lrc wants" but that all she did was
support l’ipc Dream‘s decision tutti send
tltcrtt memos prior to tire Board's meeting.
llloodwortlt hopes to bring the issue of cant-
paign policy for SA clcctions to the attention
of the Assembly irt It few weeks. Sltc dcrticd
ltcr memos had arty influence on tltc I’ipe
Uretnn decision. dcspitc tltc fact that the
ptIpcr is SA funded.

Pipe Dream docs endorse candidates. like
tltc ASP. but lltc ASP allows candidate ads in
its publication. ilrcuner said. "i wish I went
to Albany." l l

 

   
 

