«and» .~_ w ..

 

   
 

 

. -.......-...._.-,.--.4. -r-....- ...ut..:.n........-‘..-

 

-E _D

 

me n r

A L 3 ‘

 

 

ov. Mario Cuomo's proposed budget for the State

University came as a suprise to many people

familiar with the operations of New York state
government. Yes._the budget deficit is very large. and the
state budget must be balanced. But ripping into the SUNY
budget to do it is not the way. -

SUNY is an easy target for government cutbacks. Thr
"Message of the Governor" on the state budget reads.
“Unlike many other Institutions and agencies. universities
have the unique ability to increase levels of support from
non-State sources." This ‘unique ability“ Cuomo‘s talking
about is the relative ease SUNY has in hoisting tuition.
dorm rent. and other fees on its students. the “non-State
sources.‘

And hoist they shall. The $250 tuition increase is the
largest single increase ever for the State University. When
combined with the $l50 dorm rent increase and the riew $25
computer fee this makes a $425 lrtcreasc in cost for a full-
time undergraduate living on campus.

Over the past decade money from these ‘non-Statc
sotrrccs‘ — us — has been a growing share of SUNY's
budget. And while this sltift frorn state support to strident
burden accelerates, Cuomo ltas the dantn gall to clairii that
this increase still isn‘t enough. The bitdget ittake it quite
clear tltat atintial ittcreascs of $250 are being plariitcd for
the next three years. and uses the itiost twisted logic to stip-
pori the ideri.

The butlget suggests directly ticirig SUNY tuition to tire
rising costs of education. it clairris that doing this would
enhance financial planning and budgeting (whatever that
rrtcans). assure that SUNY students support a ‘rcrisonable'
share of the costs of their education. achieve rt relation het-
wceri tuition arid costs comparable to other public univer-
sities in the northeast. and “help preserve balance among
the State‘s sectors of higher edricatiori. by requiring public

institution tuition to increase with costs in a fashion more
consistent with practice in the independent sector."

We always thought that all of the above reasons was why
we had a quality public university. Low and middle income
people can't afford the luxury of “enhanced financial plan-
ning." Scraping by on an inadequate $2,500 student loan is
difficult enough without enhanced financial planning.

Having wealthy politicians decide what a low income stu-

 

 

 Guam-o takes the easy route

dent's 'rcasonable share' of education cost is seems silly.
Having a 310.000 loan to pay off right after graduation
seems like a pretty reasonable share. Especially with the
latest rrimbllngs about aid reductions in Washington. rais-
ing education costs to students while claiming that access is
maintained is just plain stupid.

Comparing SUNY to other public universities in the nor-
theast is bordering on the absurd. The older public univer-
sities. such as Rutgers. ltave large private endowments to
fall back on. SUNY. a very young university system, has no
such luxury.

Raising tuition and costs to preserve someonc's (pro-
bably a private school graduate) concept of "balance"
among the State's public and private universities makes lit-
tle sense. too. There certainly is a balance. now. People
with lots of money can afford private universities arid peo-
ple with nobso-much money generally can’t. and are more
likely to attend SUNY. One of the reasons we ltave a slate
uttivcrsity is to provide a quality. low-cost education for
people who aren't likely to go to college without a state
university. ‘

The ratiortalirations Cuomo is using to defend his illi-
prcccderitcd attack on SUNY lead to some elerir conclu-
sions. Tuition. fee and dorm increases like those suggested
iii the 1983-84 proposed budget will trirrt SUNY into a kind
of a publicly controlled private university — one that only
the well-off cart afford to nttciid. The only way ottt of this
mess is to write. call arid visit your legislators to let tltettt
know that you waitt a SUNY-that's accessible and affor-
dablc. Otir statewide studcttt organization. SASU. is
orgattirirtg now for the alive battle over the bridgct.
arid any support you give is'n boost to the university you at-
tend.

it’s tirttc to dig oirt those red. white. arid blrrc SAVli
SUNY buttons. 1 .

 

 

 

C

 

OL U~M

N

 

 

Education gets the axe

January. 1983 marks the third anniversary of Reagan's
Reign of Terror. Many might wortder about the allegory
bctwccn Reagan and that infamous licadrollcr.
Robespierre. At least one of them was straightforward iii
what he was doing to the people. The guillotine might be
passe, but the budget art can still do the trick on the
peasants. .

The country continues to count the wounded arid dead.
as Reagan's Robin Hood theory of economics (takirtg from
the truly tteedy to give to the truly greedy) trickles over the
land. There are many areas one could research and analyze
with the current budget. However. it is the area of educa-
tiou tiiat directly affects us at the University. Concern over
the budget is valid. birt it is the thought (or lack of) and
philosophy behind these actions that concern me. if one
were to ask the question. “is higher education a right or a
privilege?" a heated debate might cnsrte. Obviously, the
White House believes it is a privilege to be educatch it
should be remembered that an education past the 81h grade
was once considered a privilege. as well as a luxury.

I O 0

JOdJ D1V1t0

As our society becomes more and more technical and
“advanced” our education system needs to accommodate
these changes. Progress has been made. but it is very slow.
We were recently at a point where our system was starting
to catch up with the needs of the country. Response to the
Russian space program in the late 50’s and early 60's spark-
ed off unprecedented increases in aid to education and
teaching programs. Huge university systems. like SUNY.
CUNY and the California programs were expanded and
drawn together into the monolith we all now attend. The
American dream of a house and two cars suddenly included
all the kids going off the college.

The capitalist way of life. however. needs someone at the
bottom. it anyone can now obtain a college degree. who
will remain at the bottom to work their way up? Does a
janitor need a 4 year degree? A clothing worker? A
housewife? And why not? What sort of snobbery saysihai
only the rich and people in business “need” a higher educa~
tion? the “rags to riches" stories that are so popular
among self-made people are usually bogus. with a lot of un-
truths in them. .

David Stockman tells us that students who want to go to
college will somehow "ﬁnd" the money to do so. Wlterc.
pray tell. does he expect us to “find” the money? With
unemployment over to percent, somehow i just do no
believe that all students who need money are going to be
able to “find” it. i looked under a rock last week. hoping
that I would “find” some of that money Stockman was
talking about. The only thing i found under that rock was a
bunch of slugs. Tire irony of the situation did nothing to
help pay my tuition.

 

   

 

One of the items in Reagan‘s overrtll scheme of things is
to abolish the Department of Education it took a few
minutes to siitk iii. Think about it. Abolish the Departittcrtt
of Education! Now this is sontcwltat old news. but every
now and then i think about it. What exactly is Reagan try:
irtg to prove? ()r accomplish?

As all of this information swirls about. one must look
deeper irtto the plan of things. What is the overall purpose
of tltcsc actions? i cannot begin to understand why. is
Reagan tltrcatcricd by a country that is educated? Will too
rttariy people with Uniycrsity degrees catclt or) to wltnt he is
doing? Will tlte people r‘evolt and anarchy reign? Tiiite itt
tomorrow for rttore words of. ahciti. wisdom from the
Great White Father.

One of the arguments frequently heard about liiititiitg
access to a higher education is that not everyone is smart
cnotrglt to go to college. Bullshit! Anyone with an average
antorint of intelligence cart make it tltrouglt a liberal arts
program. or any other program they wartt. as long as their
mind is put to it. A liberal arts degree is a well rounded
forirt of education for nearly everyone. it does not

\
necessarily trairt a student itt certain job functions. What it
does do is train the person to think analytically and to
rcasort. Art exercise l ltave been participating irt for the last
seven paragraphs.

The next question is along tlte liitcs of the first one. “if
everyone has the right to a higher education. who pays for
it?" Here is wltere most people get thrown. The govcrit~
iiieitt pays for it. We pay t' s ittto tltc system; we should
be getting more out of it. if over ()0 percent of the federal
budget did itot go for “defense.” this country could easily
pay for all of tire students who want to go to college. The
best defense this country could ever ltope for is l()() pcrccttt
litcrucy (no. we do not have it right now. we're not evcti
close) aitd an educated populous. Sounds trite arid corri-
pact. but it is as easy as that.

Tltcre are no quick solutions to arty problem. When i
think about the problems this country has. I aitt often

~ reminded of wltat Ralplt Nader once said. “This country
has tnorc problems tltari it should tolerate anti rttorc stilli-
tions‘ than it uses." It‘s tirttc we trscd one of those valuable
solutions: education for cveryoitc. free. i l

’

 

,.____..__.....).w..~...-..._._.-r— .. H. .-...»-.....

 

   

 

 

 

   
   

:  A

r y‘ 2- " rt;
2;;Wn '
. a . I

 

weJLL SWITCH
Tile WIPERS
To “HlGHICIII

   
 
  
    

  

 

 

 

 

 

 7-,. c ;--.1 warm-r v coma-1M 1'". mm‘wwmwmv- rsn‘mﬁt—Vrsno mum-on

 

 

 

L E

T T E R

‘ Os

 

Variety is the spice
To the Editor:

in response to the perverted notion of 'coilegc radio ex-
pressed in a letter to the editor in the Friday. January 28
edition of the ASP. i would like to express a few thoughts
of my own. First of all, college radio is diversity. Jazz and
third world programming, along with'those “things you
never hear again" played by those “weirdo DJ ’s” are what
alternative radio is all about. Witltout this diversity.
WCDB might as well be a carbon copy of commercial radio
sttations such as the ones mentioned in your sarcastic letter.

Secondly. as an all-request radio station. WCDB is sub-
jccted to an often narrow-minded. unforgiving atrdiencc
who insist on hearing their favorite songs played “over and
over again!" And finally. since WCDB plays such a variety
of music. including some of the more obscure and local
talent that most of tlie cornmerciai stations won‘t even
touch. its programming cannot possibly appeal to
everybody. This is what makes it art alternative radio sta-
tion. and if slow-to-think. impulsive students like you took
more time to listen. or better yet get irtvolved iii this
organization that happens to be sponsored by your tax
dollars. ntaybc then you and many others sharirtg your
disposition would begin to appreciate WCDB. its pro-
gramming. rind. of coirrsc. its “weirdo DJ‘s.”

—Mielirie| Greenfield

Grate idea

To the Editor: ,
This is riiy fifth scntcstcr at SUNYA; itiy fifth semester
living on Altiiitrti Quad arid. ergo. tiiy fifth semester lll
rccoitciliiig ntyself with tltc evils of the buses which grudg—
ingly whisk rite uptown every morning. i would estiritate
that nine out often trips uptown end for tire at the Social
Science bus stop. so l'in about as fartiiliar with the trek
front there to the llriritaiiitics building as l attt with my
froitt lawtt (I lived iit tltc saute ltousc for eighteen years).
After trudging through the muck Monday afternoon. l was
inspired with art idea which would allcvi te at least one of
the ills afflicting us downtowncrs; l.c. walking through the
snow. icc. slush. rain. aml otltcr various phenomena of
nature waitiirg for us as we innocently cxtt tltc buses. if the
path were covered with some type of grating (images of
metal arid rubber pop into rtty mind). say an inch-rir-so
thick, mutiy students would arriv - at tltc dry comfort of the
academic buildings with less frustrated feet. and less
frustrated itiinds. Considering that Albany cart be covered
with snow for months (the school year lasts only nine),

this is not an issue to be disregarded.
— l’eicr 'l'rcvrtltletles

 

Pleasant diversion

To the Editor:

it seems to me. dtic to a recent lcttci' published ill the
ASP. that there are those of you who do not hav- a likiitg
for diversity iii music. There are those who ltavc a very nar-
row interpretation of wiint a musical alteiiiative means.
Living iii a small city such as Albaity wltere the musical
genre is prirtturily Rock‘n'Roll. it is a pleasant diversion for
most, iitclridiitg rock and rulers. to ltavc the opportunity to
listcit to the likes of disco. Latin. jarx. arid cvctt reggae
ittrrsic. This is easily provcrt by the ttioiiumcntal success of
such groups arid individuals as Marvin Gave. (irovcr
Washington .lr.. and Musical Youth. all tltrcc receiving

tremendous airplay on WCDB as well as commmerclal
to.

i ﬁnd it distasteful that there are those with simplistic
ideals who choose to impose such ideals. whether it be in
the form of music. politics. etc.. on others. Needless to say
that the third world and jazz program has survived as long
as it has due to the overwhelming support of educated peo-
ple and has not become extinct due to the efforts of those

unable to apprehend the aspect of varietv.
—Marcus Griffin
Co-clrairman of ASUBA

Request WCDB

To the Editor:

i believe deeply that everyone is entitled to their own opi-
nions. but i think Mr. Dillon's opinion does not accurately
describe WCDB!

As for Mr. Dillon‘s rartiblirigs about playing songs over
and over again. lie is sadly misinformed. WCDB is definite-
ly rtot a Top 40-typc station. lrtstead. they play a varied
type of new and old records. He has also forgotten to men-
tion that WCDB plays ritany requests froitr listeners. nrilikc
many other radio stations.

if Mr. Dillon and his “friends” don't listen to third
world or jazz, tltcrc are trinity people on campus attd in the
Albany area who do enjoy this music. The fact that WCDB
offers diffcrcitt types of programming is a positive part of
the station.

No station is perfect. but as far as l).l's go. W(‘l)ll has it
fine group. They know wltat their listeners wattt to h an arid
help to inform tltcrii of ltappettirrgs in the music world from
the past. present. and future. if Mr. Dillon finds this art-
noyiitg. ittaybc it's his oivri ignorance.

(in back to listening Wl-‘l.)'. Mr. Dillon. Then you'll
rcali/c how great WCDll is!

....
an
O.

GOT A GRIPE?

We have 10,000 readers

Letters to l/lt‘ lfrli/m- can he (/I‘()/)/)l'(l off in CC

329. Please include name and phone number.

Name will lie lie/(l upon request in certain ('I'I‘s
(‘lllll.\'!tlll(‘l’S.

 

—-Stat‘y (iorcllck

 

 

 

 

modern L'il‘e. ..
GEORGE?
WHY DON’T WE

    

Corsege Press Se'w'ce

 

é.

 

Established in 1915

CylSPCCh-S

Dun Batz. Edltar In Clilel
Wayne Paarcbonm. Exoculrvo Edllar
Mark Gainer. Murruglng Editor

  
 
   

Editorial
Nawa Editors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..Turt Knptowitr
Annotate Nawu Editors .Dabblo Judno. Dob Prototu

. . . . . . ..Dobb|u Mlllntnrt
. Manon G. Taylor
.. Robert Schneider

ASPICII Editor .
AuootatoASPoc I Editor .

 

   

    
  

    

 

Sound Editor . , ..

Vlllon Edllnra . Gull Morrolt. Damian VanDanburolt
Sports Editor .... ....

Allocilta Sports Editor: .
Editorial Panda Editor... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Llaa Strain
Copy Editor . Nanoy Dtodarlka, David L.L. Laakln

 

Editorial Alli-tam: Bob Gardlrrtor. Stall writara: Gina Abond. Howard Beach.
Elli Bruwator. Bath Brittanr. Hay Cnlluluro. Kurt Cantor. Trncay Carmichael.
Andrew Carroll. HuborI‘Kunnotlt Dickey. Blil Fletcher. Barry Ooitnur. itobuil
Gordon. Slnvo Gaunt. stoption Iritold. Dopiau Knlnttt. Citation M. Greono. II-
lan Lovlno. Donna MachIlun. Crnlu Marita, David Mlclraolaon. llait Nlaaan.
Laura Nuau. Mall Nichole. Bob O'Brlttn. Carl Palkn. Karen Plroul. Phil Ptv-
Melt. thtdn Quinn. Liz Rnloh. Randy Ruth. Ellan Santaaluro. Evan Schwartz.
Anthony Sllbor. Linanrta Sokotowakl. Alan Squln. Tttundnt. Spectrum and
Evantl Editor: Noni Gittaburn. Kort Doinbatun

Business
Boitrtla Slovanl. Dds/nose Manager
Hldy Brad-r. Assoc/eta Buslnass Manager

 

l¥

 

Susan Paarlrnan. Advertising Manager
Jetan Trnlano, Salas Manager

Billing Accountants. . . ..

Karon Saidoil, Judy lorol
Payrollsuporvlsor.. .

Aittrrto Kailowltz

          

Olilcn Coordinator . . . . . . . . . . . .. . .Jurtntlor Bloch
Claaaltiod Man-gar . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . , . . . ..Mlckoy Frank é
Composition Manaan .. ... Mottaanosaortttun

Advertising Satan: Peter Forward. Mlka Krolrnar. Group Hall. Nail Suasrnnn.
Advnrtlllnn Production Manager: Mindy Horowitz. Advartlllnn Production:
Randeo Balmr. Jartu Htrscti. Michelle Horowitz. Julio Mark. Elloort Slovtrt.
Rhonda Walt. Ollie. Stall: Gay Potnas

Production

Jack Durlcirlap. Produclrnrr Manager

Publication
Schedule

CltlolTypnuttar . . . . .. .Cttlltltt t‘tyan
Vartlcalcamorn .... .. . . . . . . . . . . . . .. ,. Bill Borrtlla
Pantorup: Jonina Etttkor. Loulto Fratktn. Grill Murrnll. Putty Mttcholl Typlatl:
Joyco Balk. Bill Doonoy. Erica D'Adanto. Mary Duooun. Mlckoy Frank. Joanne
Gildoralanvn. Ellrauath Haymrtri. Ginny Huber. Kolty Lana. Mark Waltar

Photography '
Supplied principally by Unlvoraity Photo Survlco. a student group
Chloi Photographer: Dnvo Aattnr. UFS Stall: Chuck Bernstein. Aturt Cuturn.
Anty Cotton. Sttotry Cohort. David Hanson. Michoto Kalctiurit. Hilary Lane. Ed
Mnrrraaleti. Lola Mrtltabonl. Alan Muntlo, Sui-1n Elaine Mindlatt. David filter“.
Llaa Simmons. Erica Spoiqol. Suna Steiitknitrp. Warren Stout. Jim Valentino.
Marty Wrtlcoo. WtII Yunnan
Enler cant-nu capyrlaht w 100.? Albany Student Prul Corporation. all
right: ruerv-d.

The Albany Student Props to puollahorl luuadaya and Frtdnyri butwuurt
Auuuot and June by the Albany Student Press Corporation, an Indupundnnt A 

pl‘

not‘ior~ptal|t corporation.
8, 12. I5. 19. 22. 26. 29

 

Spring 1983

February
4, 8, 11. [5, I8, 25

March
I. 4, 8, II, 15, 18, 22

Editoriala are wrlttotr by the Editor in Ottloi with mornburu at tho Editorial
Etanrd; policy Ia cabinet to rovitiw try ttirr Editorial Board. Adverltuttru pulley
nous not necessarily railith editorial policy.

Malllnn uddrusa:

 

Albany Studnnt l’rrma. CC 320
Hot) Washington Ave. May
Albany. NV l2222 3, 6

 

(510) “Ilium/332213300

 

 

.-_ m ' ' HM no... .w.....~p.  . "..;...'

 

1 c

m.-. gamut...“ --~--—<.~M>lmA-mwmhi‘tumrm‘vﬁa tau-I'll" "races-«nan  ' 

 

