 

 

«n'» .

 

~

‘ mic-mm.

 

3IAngo” a ballet in twoparts. and "Spiked

   
 

aspects on tuesday

The company, consisting of six dancers
,and Wagoner himself. presented "Otjtbwa

Sonata." a wonderfully funny parody of
the dances of the thirties. After seeing this
performance It Is clear why Wagoner and
company have achieved such critical ac-
claim slrice their first performance at the
Judson Memorial Church in New York Ci-
ty in 1969.

Megan Gray Taylor_

Wagoner is an Interesting product of
West Virginia hillbilly, four year degree in
pharmcology. the army, and a long list of
some of the most notable names In
American modern dance history He
received a scholarship to the Martha
Grahme school and eventually Joined her
company in 1958. He has also danced
with Merce Cunningham and Paul Taylor's
company. All these inﬂuences have com-
bined. and the choreography that has
emerged as Wagoner's has the mark of the
best of his teachers. The dances are mark-
ed by a Juxtoposition of classical line and
style (a la Grahme) and a bent-foot com-
edic style more reminiscent of Cunn-
ingham and more recently Twyla Tharp.

Otijlbwa Ango (Otlibwa meaning Chip«
pewa. Olibway and Ango meaning desola-
tion. loss) is a serious work set mostly to
music from the early twentieth century by
American composer Charles Tomllnson
Grilles. but including also a Mohawk song.
The title refers to a group of Native.
Americans. the Ojibwas described as
"vanishing." in a series of dances. different
views of the indian nature are examined.
from the myths and oneness with nature.
to the ultimate desolutlon and destruction
of their “Eden.” in the pas de deux se-
quences there was the distinct Inﬂuence of
Agnes De Mille. the kind of choreography
she created in “Pillar of Fire" and in some

 

8 ' ‘ t
M W a oner Dances
A
Y

an Wagoner and Dancers ' "
3 brought theif unique sense of ir-

reverent humor to Albany Friday'
1 night with their performance at the Egg.

nists. especially Paul Taylor and Tharp. l

Unlike many modern dance companiest
who eliminate set and costume. Wagoner. i
with the help of set and costume designer
iiames Welty has made them an integral
part of the success of this plece.The beauty
of the hand embroidered lndian costumes
in Part Two and the impressionistic set
which folds up and becomes a parallel
symbol of the destruction and disap-
pearance of the tribe is very effective.
Modern dance ls often accussed of not tell- I
ing a story. of being a sequence of
unrelated movements or a simple study of
anatomy. This accusation could never be
leveled at this company.

The concluding piece of the evening.
"Spiked Sonata." also utilizes the costum-
ing genius of Welty and the lighting of
multiple award-winning Jennifer Tipion to
create a wonderful. upbeat. often hilarious
recreation of the formality of dance In the
1930's. Utilizing recordings of actual radio
music of the 30's (including the immortal
Spike Jones himself). the company form
Conga lines. tango. samba and even the
bunny hop. This Is an excellent example of
an American choreographer drawing on
American roots and creating really relevant
dance works that in this case were excep-
tionally entertaining.

Wagoner's dancers include Kristin
Draudt (who holds an MA in dance from
Ohio State and has performed with Tharp
and Douglas Norwick). Dennis Flemming
(hailing from Kansas City who has per-
formed with Martha Renzi among others
and has had exstenstve classical training).
Joann Fregaiette-Jansen (who holds an
MS in dance from Smith College and has
been with Wagoner since 1976). Edward
Henry (who holds an MA In Business and
has choreographed and taught in
numerous places throughout the US).
Diane Schel (who holds a BFA from the
University of Utah and has been with
Wagoner since 1977). and Lisa Taylor
(who attended the University of Michigan
and danced with several companies before

 

sense the inward turning of Fredric
Ashton's “Rights of Spring." These
beautifully classic movements were set
against the almost discordant. sometimes

 

humorous choreography of the moder-

_hat started out as a side business
‘ with three state workers. has
ﬂourished into a showcase club

for new music in downtown Albany.

The Chateau Lounge located on lower
Hudson Ave. began as a club for local
punk bands. But it was no hot spot in the
night life circles. it's business hours were in-
consistent and the building itself was in dire
need of repair.

Bill Aiken

Brian Reilly. one of the four owners of
the Chateau said he first became interested
in the bar when he saw an ad in the
busrness classified section. "None of us had
any experience in the bar business We
didn't have any specific kind of business in
mind We just saw the ad and checked it
out " This was at a time when a lot of bars
in downtown Albany were packing it up
But Reilly was still optimistic about the
potential of the Chateau. “The place look-
ad like a dump. but I noticed that good
sized crowds were coming out when bonds
were playing there "

Since three of the four owners are
auditors for the State. they can apply fliL'tt
job experience to various aspects of the bar
business. i-‘red Perlmutter keeps the books.
He's also a C P A. Ron Shaiitze does the
bookings of the bands. His wife. Sue
Shetler handles the advertising. while Reil~

 

 

the bar. This organizational structure took
forrn two months after they had bought the

us were doing everything. from tending bar

like that. I didn't want to Work in the bar."

ly helps out where ever he's needed most. '

Chateau. “At first," recalls Shetler. "all of ‘

joining Wagoner in 1980). This diverse
group has come together in syncopation
and sensitivity. giving this company a uni-
que look. it is a look i would recommend
to anyone. anytime. l3

 

 

Dan Wagoner and his modern dance troupe.

 

Welcome To The Chateau

 

Chateau, the
music,

have."

 

As far as what lies ahead for the

options are

unlimited...“jazz shows country
\ mud wrestling?" ponders
Reilly, “these are just some ideas I

 

Shelter adds. “Advertising lets me get away
and Work on the outside."

Ron Sharitzu has Worked his way up to
booking bands on the national level "I got
into booking bands" says Sliriiitzu.
"because i like dealing with musicians
When i first got into booking I knew
nothing about it." he adds. “I got a list of
the local bands from Lark Beat in record
store) and that's how I got started." Now
the Chateau is working with Cougar Musrc.
a booking agency that supplies Shantze
with a selection of l5 bands per week that
are available in the area.

When it comes to choosing one of these
bands for the. Chateau, Shantze talks the
idea around before booking a gig. "A lot of
available groups that may draw well in Buf-
falo or Syracuse. l lust know would not
draw in Albany" states Shaiitze. “Ron and i
work a lot together" chimes In Shetler, "so

 

to waitresslng. But we couldn't keep going I

the booking and advurtising go hand in

hand." slit! elaborates “There have been
so ilitllly shows lllril we thought \vci‘u going
to do \Ut'll illld ‘ltl people show up "

This. lack of support stops the Chateau
from bringing in bigger ocis “l was offered
(irrilriiid Jefferys firi‘ $175000" said
Slidiillt}. "now Garland .lefierys usually
gets $1i5iltl~$rliiiltl (ii) and for us to break
even at "W door, we'd have to charge
'riti ﬁt) it ticket 1 don't think people would
pay that much at the Chateau."

Working in your own business can be
stressful especially when you share that
business with three other people. “our
friends said that all of us would end up
hating each other." recalls Reilly. “but we
talk things out with ourselves. and while we
may argue. we're still In the business and
we re still friends."

Shetler. who is a full-time speech

 

pathologist. thinks that having other in-

_ forests and a sense of humor are key Ingre-

 

 

 

t.mom...Athenians...“.  .

 

 

dients that keep the business lliilt‘tlict
"You can burn yourself out if you don‘t it”.
away something," reflects Slicilt-r. "i iiiiirkl
we're still with the Chateau lit'tiitiﬂt' to.-
take business seriously. but not that
seriously." 

What makes the Chateau liilltltii' from,
other clubs in Albany. i‘i lllill ilruv l‘iitt‘l i'i‘,
national acts as well as lttt'dl tit'ls "t lill l1r~|
national act was "'l'ranslatoi" liI iii? l‘t't "
said Reilly. “Since their wo'vt- iimi .i mair r
act at least every twri would «illil .i lot of
bands from Boston and New ‘r'orl- "

With the recent {Ullllk'rtliiilli lllt‘l " it-WHI
can now fit crowds more torrilorruld, in
the past seeing it show at tho ('liiiiw
like squeezing into (i show "\\ irirr or
be done now" says Reilly. ‘
cosmetics work on tho i'liib " ‘ ;

The (‘lintoau could be lili)l'.t'.i it c ' ‘
trig it void of music crrtcrininrrwﬂ
.l Ii Scott's Reilly disugruvs ll-
iin tlit' sonic level as J ll Sini‘ i
wore inglttt'r lliril) us." tiiiltl livilli.
("trrnt' hock I don't think it whoU 1
that much " Shaiitzc my, iiv  ' t 
pend on his own taste for (\Irtil\ll:il -. 1n
"Thc first time when l lli.'r\l llli‘ l‘rilill .‘u'
booked. is when they play ill [int i lill‘ tlrril
night" says Siiriiitzo. "l tool. to aw i tiii'
band is on MTV or how itlllt‘li .rrit'l‘W
they've been getting in llit' .rrt'ii "

As far as what lies about tor _
Chateau. the options are unlimited "You 
see a Chateau productions til tiic l'illiii‘t H
assures Shantze. "in the next few riioiitlo
Remy has other thoughts. "lid/j. shows.
Country music. Mud wrestling)
Ponders Reilly. “'l‘licsc are just sonic Itlt’tl‘t
l have. but i want to keep the Clttilt'iill 5)”
ing consisteritly...fornow." ‘ '

 

 

 

iin'

 

 

warm a friend can be so cool a

over." says Hastings in the classic
Goldsmith comedy. She Stoops To Con-
quer. and thus the play unfolds. Performed
in the PAC last week and directed by Peter
Bennet. this statement typifies the plot
wherein the theme of mistaken Identity and
deceptive personalities are once again in
the spotlight. A ha. you say. another
period playl Another one of those predic-
table plays froin the 18th century Restora-
tlonl Well. not exactly. Though Sire Stoops

Debbie Miliman

I 'm suprlsed that one who Is so
I

 

 

To Conquer is primarily a period piece.
and somewhat predictable. it wasn't bor-
ing at all. The performances were generally
good. the set design and costumes were
exceptional. and the play itself was very
entertaining.

When speaking about She Stoops To
Conquer one rriust begin by pointing out
that Goldsmith, like Sheridan, (The Rivals)
decried the tradition of the "sentimental"
comedy. the coiriedte Iuririoyant in which
tears flowed and laughter languished-
pirrodylng Dr. Johnson‘s declaration cori-
cerning the serious drama of the 18th ceri-
tury iir which "declarnation roared while
passion slept." And passion certainly
doesn't sleep here. The story revolves
tliiilllltl Kate llilldCd‘JlIU's pretended des-
cunt into the lift! of ii briirnriid in order to
capture the illrlll slit! desires. Marlow. ii
liirlll who is excessively shy around women
of the upper class. it seems old Mnrlow can
only relate to Women of .i lower class than
he. Well. there is r] for of dcccptivencss
cirrecnirig around. btit. alas. before the
play ’9. end. Marlow succumbs to the ador-
ing Kate. even when he finds out who she
actually is.

The role of Kate was superny performed
by Terri VnndunBosch. VandenBosch.
who recently received her equity card in

 

the- Capital Rep production of The

Martha

unscparc. the latest release by
Martha anti the Muffins. shows a
glimmer of potential that unfor-

tunately is never built upon. The band is
ead by Martha Johnson. who sings in a
nasalizcd. Mae West influenced voice.
She also contributes some guitar.
keyboards and percussion to the record.
Mark Ganes does basically the same things
as Martha. only giving us less vocals and
more guitar. Nrck Kent. the drummer.
delivers an interesting array of rhythms
which is the most interesting part of the
band's sound. The fourth band member.
Jocelyne Lanois. can be heard on bass.
The combined talents of this quartet creates
an interesting but ultimately bland sound.

Claudia Besen

All of the songs share the good
characteristics of catchy beginnings. good
synthesizer. and good sax work. but the
negative features. such as very repetitive
and long songs. tend to overshadow the
good ones.

The best cuts on the album include
"Danseparc" - the title track. "Obedience'.
and “Several Styles of Blonde Girls Danc-
ing". "Danseparc" (the first cut on side
one) contains catchy guitar riffs. strong bass
lines and an infectious melody. One of the
high points of this song is its catchy sax.
played by Ron Allen. Immediately follow-
ing comes “Obedience” which has a
derivative syncopated funk sound. This Is a
driving, houricy song. featuring breatiiy
vocals by Martha. and interesting backup
vocals. The number also features well ex-
ecuted guitar riffs. plus some interesting syn-
thesizer work that is very reminiscent of the
Talking Heads. This Is quite understan-
dable. since both Martha and the Muffins
(and The Talking Heads site Roxy Music as

 

one of their major influences. Leading off
the second side is "Several Styles of
Blonde Girls Dancing", an intriguing title

 

for an intriguing song. it features both Mar-

Terrl Vaiizlen Bosch grid Elaine Macafuso plan their strategles to get their men in "She

Stoops l'o Conquer.
floiiwstcudurs had a natural. warm
charisma on stage and exuded a charm
that was apparent throughout every mo-
ment she was on stage. ()ftenttrnes. she
carried a scene by herself. illi(l she was all
that was necessary in order for that par-
ticular sci-nt- to work. She is off to Manhat-
ttin after graduation. and should do well
‘here.

Unfortunately. till the roles were not as
expertly executed. The role of Tony Lum-
pktii was played by Mark Saks. the same

:rctor who was so successful iii last year's ,

production of The Boys In The Bond. We
weren't ris lucky this time Saks portrayed
the deceptive and spoiled Liiiirpklri as an
effeminate trouble-maker slob~lerk type
with a touch of Erma La Douce thrown in
for good measure. He was silly where be

Is Missing Something

tha and Mark doing vocals similar to those
of the Au Pairs. This is it dreamy and il-
logical song featuring cute Rain Forest
Pygmy chants. The pygmy chants are one
of the best parts of the album because they
were so downright adorable. Although this
song is slightly long. it is saved by good
synthesizer work and a very uplifting beat

The rest of this album tends to flow
together into one big. monotonous song.
"World Without Borders" contains decent
sax work by Ron Allen. but the rest of the
song drags. lacking excitement. “Walking
into Walls" sounds like "World Without
Borders" minus the sax. and plus in-
teresting Xrlike vocals. "Sins of Children" is
their supposedly "controversial" song
about being brought up Catholic. i see no
controversy there. being that millions of
people have been brought up in this
respect. and the subject has been dealt with
similarly before. Musically. the piece
sounds like Roxy Music's latest studio
release Avalon. but.unfortunaiely it drags.
in spite of its pretty melody. The song
sounds best when Martha isn't singing.
because. try as she may. she's not Bryan
Ferry.

"Boys in the Bushes" contains )aunty
vocals and interesting guitar work, yet it still
comes across as very boring. On another
note. "What People Do For Fun" is a song
about the odd ways in which people amuse
themselves. it has a very good beginning
and satyric lyrics that work well. but boring
vocals and monotonous instrumentals mar
this selection. The last piece on the album
is perhaps the worst. “Whatever Happened
0 Radio Valve Road?" is a long, drawn
out, very mellow. Pink Floydesque in-
strumental that falls miserably.

r Though they are successful in the UK.
on the continent. and in their homeland of
Canada, whether they will achieve this suc-
:ess In the United States ls debatable. Ac-
:ordlng to Mark Gane, however, the trapp—
ings of pop stardom leave them unimpress-
ed. "Sure." says Mark, "we want to put out

 

'Martha 8: The Mullins frolic in Dariseparc

 

1“

  

should have been funny and ridiculously
foolish where he should have been silly. it
didn't work.

Mr. and Mrs. lltirdcristle. respectively
played by David Liidewrg tlllll Maud
l’lamilton Paritaieoni were both good. Pan-
lillL‘Ulil was exceptionally convincing as the
aver-protective. iiiL‘ltJtlitliilrillC mother.
She was last seen «is the mother in Ifipius.
ind here. in ii completely different role.
she is just as exciting. Marlow. played by

(en Ri/zo was quite good. both shy and '

.leniure. loud and boisterous lie was
sincere and sassy at the same time. and
successful at boili. Elaine Macaluso and
Jamie Sarnicola. the other couple. support
VandenBosch and Rizzo well. They were
subtle and intuitively comedic. without

records that people will love, but fame isn't
important. What counts for us Is to deliver
without compromise the kind of sounds we
believe in." That they have done in their
seemingly harmless album Danseparc.
The group contains musical talent. but
they lack direction. Their music ls mainly a
bunch of guitar riffs that are seemingly tn-
terestlng at the beginning but become
monotonous with their constant up-the-

 

 

 

\

l;—F——+———+—__=_—==;=tmpem on “and:
She Stoops To Success

M
A
Y

aver-reacting to each other or their friends'.3

The most striking part of She Stoops,
was. without question, the set design and
the costumes. Set designer Robert Donnel-
iy successfully typifies the 18th century
code of archetechture and decor. but in-
geniously designs a stage that revolves into
three different sets. the living room where
most of the play takes place (which in-
cludes a chandelier and a harpsichord). a
bar (with wonderful brick walls). and a
garden (complete with grass, trees. statues.
and drawing room type doors that lead into
the llvingroom). it truly is exquisite. Don-
nelly's theatrical associations have been
vast and it is easy to see why. The
costumes designed by Amy Coplow are in-
tricate copy's of the familiar dress of the
time. The wigs were specially styled by
Peggy Scliierholz. and add a vintage ﬂavor
'o the production.

She Stoops To Conquer is certainly not
a return of the Restoration drama; neither
is it particularly reminiscent of the ensuing
sentimental comedies. Rather It is an
igreeable blending of farce. satiric comedy
of manners. and sentimental comedy. in its
theme of mistaken Identity. it is basically
farclal. Goldsmitii's own uncertainty about
his title indicates some confusion in his own
inlnd as to whether he was writing an
uproarlous farce of a comedy of manners.
Viewed from the standpoint of a comedy of
manners. the satiric spirit of the Restoration
comedy are there. but the coarseness of
language and the character~iri-love-iype
has been obviously deleted. it is a comedy
of the time converted. and it is done so
with cunning success. There is no sex in-
trigue of a cynical sort. or irregular
:liaracters. Even Marlow's interest in ladies
below stairs seems rather perfunctory; lie is
more of a college sophmore on the town
than a kitchen-maid's Casanova. All and
till. Sire Stoops to Conquer is an enjoyable
play and as the filial PAC production of the
semester. it marks a successful. diverse
year, [Ll

scale-down—the~scaie routine. Unfortunate-
ly the bass lines follow suit. i feel they'd be
better off writing music for television
shows.

Martha and the Muffins could be a very
arousing band. being that all the members
are talented. However, after four attempts
at a truly successful album. it should have
been evident to them that there was
something missing - excitement. C1

 

 

Md)

w u.- www.mys—

 

