     

   

 

Dear Piua Breath, .

Thank you for writing back late. because

I got It on a bad day and it cheered me up

when lread it.

i may as well tell_ you about

myself. . .My favorite TV shows are Little

Rascals. the Three Stooges. Odd Couple.

My Three Sons. Batman. the Twilight

Zone. and MTV.

My preferred bands include the Clash,

Men at Work. Stray Cats. the Police. Joe

Jackson. and Elvis Costello.

i love to eat. lam always having some

kind of snack. My sister calls me the Snack

King. . .

By the way. thanks for the coupons.

They expire today and I won't get to

Albany In time to use them.

Happy Eating
Annie

 

Andrew Carroll

There's something fairly remarkable In
the above letter. at least for someone like
me who has been searching lately for the
essence of true cool. i'm not saying Annie's
letter has it. but her "likes" are a virtual
checklist of what one social arbiter has
catalogued as contemporary cool. The
Rascals. The Stooges. Zone. and Batman,
and at least three of her musical choices
may be found in The Catalog of Cool.
edited by Gene Scuiatti. an almost brand-
new compendium of the gonest. hippest.
and frostiest in television. music. movies.
clothing. reading. and nearly anything else
you can buy.

What makes Annie's letter the
sociologically fascinating tidbit that It is is
the fact she's only 12. and comes from
Scotia - hardly promising attributes for a
potential hipster. (Sculatti would probably
call her a "geepie." before heading down
to his local thrift store in search of cool.)
That means of her fave TV shows. only
one is being currently produced. while five
of the remaining six predate her birth by.
on the average. at least 13 years (Don't
check my math)! She left out "Leave it to
Beaver." but i'm guessing she regrets the
omission. There's something afoot here.
and i turned to The Catalog to find out just
what.

There seems a certain arbitrariness In
Sculatti’s definitions of the things that are
ceriifiably cool. in music. there's Dylan. of
course. along with the Beach Boys. 8-525.
and Blondie; Sam Cooke. "King" Car—
rasco. and the Cramps; Psychedelia.
Rockabilly. and Punk (the sixties and the
seventies-eighties version). George Hunter
is a “hipster saint." while the Who's music
is dismISsed as a bad )oke. Under "Screen"
they list the 50 coolest movies ever made.

 

 

 

 

 

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

I0.0UIIOUO'COOOOCDCCDCUCUIIOIOOOOO

The Catalog Of Cool
The Eighties: The Birth of
attitude and the rules to be cool

an equally eclectic collection ranging from
Dirty Harry and Dr. Strangeloue to The
Horror of Party Beach and High School
Confidential. Lolita is the quintessential
movie from the ultimate year (1962). while
James Cobum out-cools Bond in the
"Flint" movies and The President's
Analyst. And on the tube. Bronk.
Bullwinkle. J.R.. Joe Franklin. and the
Honeymooners ("the comic sit-com of all
time") are some of the big winners.

There‘s also a glossary in the back.
allowing you to speak hip with the best of
'em: you can Kolack (find a usually
unavailable parking space). senior out
(become too weak to function). or take a
Three-hour Tour (adapted from Gilligan's
Island. it means an unexpectedly prolong-
ed experience). And up front. there's "The
Birth of Cool." which traces cool back to Its
early tau roots.

But arguably the book's most influential
(or at least revealing) section is "Threads."
which is less a how-to than it is a statement
of the entire hipster philosophynor at least
the one that has most heavily inﬂuenced
the Annie's of this day and age. The
choices are pretty much what you expect. if
you've ever raided Cheap Jack's or Trash
and Vaudeville in the Village for
yesterday's hippest schiock: mini skins.
paper dresses. toreador pants and sack
dresses for the gals; bowties. pleated pants.
custom levi's (sic). tab collars and zoot suits
for the guys. Sculattl missed the ubiquitous
wool topcoat. but he does invite you to
"Write if You Get Hip" to anything he
might have missed.

Scuiatti introduces the Threads section '

with a neat syiiogism. "Fashion is ob-
solescence." he explains. is the motto of
the fashion industry. meaning that the real
business of the fashion biz is "planning this
afternoon's demise of this morning‘s
vogue." According to Sculatti. cool fashion
twists the old saw to read “Who cares for
fashion? Obsolescence is cool." Nothing is
new. you see. and sometimes it's only the
discarded or forgotten which stands any
chance of making a fresh impact.
Sculatti's thesis treads familiar territory. if
you've kept up with your popular
magazines in the past few years. Back in
April of 1981. Esquire celebrated the baby
decade with “Welcome to the Modern
World." by Frank Rose. which teased us
with the promise. “You think you're hip?
We'll show you hip!" inside were visits with
artists. musicians. filmmakers and club
owners. who revealed the shape the new
hip was taking. Rose began with some
definitions: "Punk" is alienated youth. circa
1977. expoundan a nihilistic world view.
which gave way to "New Wave." a generic
term applied to a variety of post-punk
phenomena. But even by early 1981. Rose
\ I O

  

 

 

 

 

saw New Wave as Old. and heralded the
new movement as "Retrograde." or what
his editors called a “scavenging of artifacts
from the Fifties and attitudes from the Six-
ties."

"The Seventies were a bad time to be
young because nobody could agree on
what was hip." wrote Rose. “Something is
hip - as opposed to being merely chic or
trendy - if it is embraced by disaffected
young people and a vast range of fringe
groups. including blacks. homosexuals. ar-
tlsts, intellectuals. and the very. very rich."

By April of '81. the fringe groups had
embraced that which had been traditionally
considered unhip (obsolescence is cool).
and deified purveyors of pop singles. surf
rock. cocktail Jazz. products made of
plastic. Formica. and Naugahyde: and
beehive hair-dos. shocking-pink pedal
pushers. skinny ties. and Gene Vincent
ducktails. After visiting painter Richard
Boch. Club 57. photographer Marcus
Leatherdale. filmmakers Beth and Scott B.
and Blondie's Chris Stein. Rose concluded
that “they've hit upon a new way to be hip -
not by re)ecting what's square but by
perverting it. by searching it out and
wallowing in it and stretching it until there's
nothing left but a couple of sick laughs."

it took New York Magazine a little longer
to decide what the eighties had wrought.
and they published their findings just last

July. "The Sixties had Protest. The Seven-

ties had Narclssism." wrote Craig Unger in

the July 26 issue. "And the Eighties have

ATTITUDE." Unger's approach was iden-

tical to Rose's. and his conclusions were

similar. Rose wrote of an "obsession with
the pie-hippie pop-culture past"; Unger
called it “their obsession with a cultural past
' they never knew." The art director's con-
cept for this ironic new world included

Flintstone typefaces and circa 1950 print

ad graphics (bowlers. bongos. bakeiite

radios). illustrating Unger's conclusions
that Attitude goes beyond hip. Rather. it is

a “Self-consciously styled variant of camp.

 

 

 

 

 

It is a “self—consciously styled

variant of camp, an esthetic

based on ripping images
out of the past and

presenting them out

.fcontext.” (obsolescence is cool)

I

SEX

 

 

an esthetic based on ripping images out of
the past and presenting them out of con-
text" (obsolescence is cool.)

Of course. these articles are hardly the
last word in defining our generation (and
barely the first. considering how many peo-
ple heard of them or insist that they have
"attitude"). and the field is still fairly open
for those who want to give the decade a
suitable moniker. i'd like to offer one. bas-
ed on the lifestyle celebrated. however
ironically. in The Catalog of Cool. along
St. Mark’s Place. or anyplace else where.
as Unger puts it. “TV heroes and a collaglst
esthetic represent the more fanciful side of
our new generation."

1 suggest the "Post" Generation. with its
conscious echo of an earlier attempt to
label a youthful vanguard and an apology
to Time magazine. which reviewed
Stephen King's Different Seasons as an exv
ample of "post-literate literature." TlIiiL’
argued that King's sensibility. like
Spielberg's. or Lucas's (or Seizer's. if you
will). was born of the movie and television
screens. and his allusions are intended for
a like-minded generation. in the saute Wily.
what is considered hip today is that which
alludes to a not-so—distant. very accessible
past. with the emphasis on resurrecting
those images that were once considered 5o
disposable. King and Spielberg entertain us
by ransacking our closets of popular im-
ages. the way Sculatti tells us what's cool
after rummaging through the Army-Navy.

And while Unger and Rose discovered a
potent artistic movement associated with
this modern world. ‘Post" carries the im-
plication that any generation obsessed with
the Icons and images of another lacks the
spontaneity. creativity. and courage to
create its own. Granted. any artistic move-
ment owes a debt to the movements which
preceded it. but "Leave it to Beaver"? “The
Jetsons"? Their cult may be merely a “sick
)oke." but what do 12-year-olds know from
sick )okes and cynical social commentary?

Unger retained an optimistic view of the
new generation. despite lis appearance as
superficial and fragmented. "At Its best."
he concluded. “youth. cynicism. irony.
and talent can mix to generate wit. passion.
and creativity." Rose had his doubts:

“Modern youth isn't trying to build a better
world; it's just trying to survive this
one. . .Modern youth has no dream. it‘s
empty inside. it’s as cold and as hard as the
graphics."

i'm not sure yet where i stand. i'm
caught somewhere in between thinking
Wally. Theodore and Eddie Haskell are a
Scream. and thinking that we could be
laughing ourselves into the bieakest of im
ztilinable futures. Or maybe what i said
before was wrong. and 12-year-oids know
a hell of a lot about sick Jokes and cyncism.
Maybe they'll be the ones to grow up. and

 

t school. everybody calls it din-

ner. They have dinner menus.

breakfast-dinner and lunch-
dinner campus center option meal cards.
Those who live ofiecampus can go home
and make dinner or go out for dinner.
Three or four nights a week Leat pizza for
dinner.

Gail Merreil

But I never eat dinner at home. At home
it's always supper. i always loved that
meal. lgnt to eat the most. the whole fami-
ly was there and we all talked and laughed.
i felt very secure. Then something happen—
ed. i guess about seven years ago. and
supper got really bad. Mommy never really
liked to cook. but occassionally she'd at
lenst rriukre Rice-a-roni or frnnk-and-bepn
casseroles. But not anymore i can unders-
tand it: my grandmother was .r great cook
and gave lots oldinircrs. and she was a real
horror to live with. So maybe Mom was
rebelling. Or maybe it was menopause. Or
maybe it was because she didn't care about
us .rriyrrrore and didn't feel like being a
mother. Probany .ill of those reasons are
true. but the last is the zinger thnt slapped
me in the face. it made me not want to
come borne anymore. Every night we
defrosted two humburgers‘or a piece of
steak for ourselves. brikcd up n potiitoe in a
rotting. pt'ulirig poiiitoé biikur rliiti built-d
up soiriu! frozen siringbeiius.

For iiwlrile flii're siippu'r was up in thc‘
iiir. Sonic-thrive; i'd defrost, sometimes Rob-
by would. Whenever my mom did it she
screamed from the kitchen in the direction
of our bedroorris and asked us whrit we
wanted to out She always interrupted us:
made us come out of our rooms it was
pretty annoying Supper was pretty annoy-
ing then too. My mom renri Naiiisrlny dur»
mg the meal. and the paper took up most
of the table. 1 had no room for niy‘Séucn-
teen (111d Robby had no room for his bank.
So we used to talk; it was almost like she

 

 

My G])Oi()gtt'$ to Tilt’UdOVL’ Dreiser

t's been one of those days. No
vacations in sight. another 15in-
rhes of snow to slog through and
of course that ubiquitous yet no loss
menacrrig cold. So. i decided to look
through my collection of pictures—detailed
fossils from my fabulous past. £iii(l put on
New Order's new album entitled. "New
Order" rsi things first.

 

Damian VanDen burgh

1) l was ri CiliL‘ little kid. (What happen-
ed?)
2) Who took the pictures of me when l
was being tiikcn to tire Sanitarium. and why
don't l foul as happy now as i did then?
lilin thinking (if my past in terms of the
way I dill now. i repent the question with
some sincerity. What happened?! This
third question applies as well to New
Order.
in the beginning. there was the band and
the band was called Joy Division (the title
taken front the name given the section
where prostitutes where kept in German

 

v J...

The Main Ingredient

 

 

 

wasn't there. Then Morrimy always got a
phone call during supper. so Robby and i
couldn't talk. 50. Just like any normal
teenagers would have done in that situa-
tion. we laughed at her whenever she said
"plotz" or "couldn't you bust." Then she
got really mud in us and we all felt unconr
fortnble.

i ate dinner a lot at my friend
Barbara's house. with her brother. two
sisters. her parents and the clog She find
such ii big family and her mom always had
something prepared. i couldn't believe
Itothey had everything. Two kinds of
vegetables. each in big bowls. soup. salad
on Silliiti plates. big plates of ment that
everyone passed around. and one or two
cakes at the end of dinner. i didn't know
flint families did iiitii. It really lililtit.‘ my
iriorn look like ti piece of lazy shit

My mom really huted Barbara. Barbara
introduced me to cigarettes tillti beer. but
those were not to be lusting friendships.
Bilii)itl‘i! also introduced me to pot. Bowie.
Pink Floyd rliiii 1-11.11. Those four bccariie
big parts of my lifcI for the next five years I
told my mom that i'd tried pot and she was

 

A Farewe

incredibly cool about it. Her biggest worry

  

0/” 
/ Tirol/If.

/ “x

7/ 1/, 
 
/.

 
   
 
  
    
  

/  

 

    

 

 

 

 

was that i'd enjoy the act of smoking too
much and switch to cigarettes. It was all so
unreal to me. One minute she'd be pulling
my hair and screaming at me iii-cause i
didn't see if we should put in (1 wash and
the iiile minute she'd be t1" kissy~lovey.
saying "please Giulio. we'd prefer It if you
wouldn't smoke so Inlich ninriiuiiun it's
not a good thing to do " '(iorl. it hikes till
the bin out of rebelling!

The relationship between Rainbow and
me wasn't meant to inst. Most times | lust
put down my books. went to her house.
got high. rife cake and never come ihlL'k in
time for supper. We got pretty sick tifeitCli
other rind till that cake. Om! night iii .i pni‘
ly at her house. we .ill got incredibly high
from this huge writer bong that 1111(1 enough
tubes for eight people. We were standing
in .i circle and there i was. all it'll)" of me.
with about six or seven puoplc .iiourid me.
the next shortest one being 5'8" 'i‘lwy iill
got really nasty: calling me all sorts of short
liililit'S. I run home Boy was my mom
it’llL'VL’d that l was no longer friends with
Barbara,
it's funny how i felt like i had no faintly

 

       

because i hated our suppers i ft.‘li so

To Damian

 
    
 
 
            
   
  

 

 

. w i /

 

 

'cheated. But we did lots of things
Itogethern went to movies. watched “60
Minutes". went sailing. and took a week
each in Lake George. New Hampshire.
and Providence. i guess ljust looked for-
ward to having things stay the way.they
were when l was little-- TV dinners. yodels.
butterscotch pudding. eating In the den in
front of the TV. dunking chocolate chips In
Mommy's coffee. staying up titid extra
hour to watch "Beat the Clock."playing
kickball in the backyard.

Supper has been picking up lately. We
got an electric grill outside and my mom
uses it a lot. She makes chicken. veal. hot
dogs. steak. hamburgers-- everything on
that grill and we use it in the winter. And
we have u toosler oven for the potatoes.
\V(' out .rlot of squash (acorn. winter .ind
spaghetti). puns t1il(l i'iirrots. but mostly
we still have beans The liist time we
used suit Mick Jagger was married. The
things iii‘rli shoukl'w changed dlrl-- i guess
they always do We got .i pretty teapot to
boil water in. which replaces the old beat
up tin pot we used to use. And we all .iti:
dinner together this post :li’iilliilty. Rub ond
lgol off Work at different limos. but we still
wriiiuil for L‘tti‘li other. and u lot of nights
we ate slippt't .it Bill) p m. rind Monrriy
sat with us even though she'd already
eaten i brought food back for her from
work, which was McDonald's. and in turn
she almost nlwiiys llriil something waiting
for me. I cooked .i lot 1)t1d(iy rite with us
when he could. except Ihiii he was very
ait'lt towards the end of the month so he
t‘liultill'l go downstairs to the kitchen.

Supper is more than the formal iiiL’itl
dinner it's sitting with your family. talking.
iiiiiiJlllilg. enjoying ench otlier's company.
it should be treated with more respect.
.lust .isk inom— she now tells her friends
illtii call during supper to Citii Dr'le at (I
more convenient iliiiL' because. nfter'nll.

 

 

 

concentration camps.) To attempt to
describe this band's music or its affect on
the listener is pointless. For the sake of
clarity. l'll say that Joy Division was and still
is the most relentlessly despairing and
depressing modern music l've ever heard
outside of Lou Reed's sepulchml classic
Bur/in. What gives their aural ambience an
even greater gravity is the fact that on May
18th. 1980. their ex lead singer lan Curtis
committed suicide (hence the ex.)

Out of the ashes rose New Order—a
band comprised of the three remaining
members of Joy Division. Bernie Albrecht
on guitar. Peter Hooke on bass. Stephen
Morris on drums and a new guitarist who
goes by the name of Gillian. To continue
in the face of a past such as theirswas an
incredible feat of courage. On listening to
their first single "Ceremony" written by ian

 

 

 

create them" (“me blank) Generation we

 

 

missed out on.

 

one is hard pressed to say that they'd suce
cessfully cleared themselves from the
looming shadows of their old band. in
short. they sounded exactly like .ioy Divi-
sion without lair Curtis because in effect.
that's exactly what they were.

in that same year though. they come out
with an entire album called "Movement"
and upon listening and comparing one
could say the album was aptly titled.
"Movement" has a synthesized danceable
sound and sortie slightly neurotic yet
ultimately hypnotic lyrics. “Movement
had. and still has i would imagine a great
first side and a weak second side but most
important Movement was a step away from
Joy Division and another step in the right
direction for New Order.

 

Which leads to this new album. Or Is it

(in F..i’.'.’ it's about ii half hour's worth of
music but it's being sold at the price of a
regular album. What i find even more con-
fusing is what i feel compelled to write
about their new work.

"—has a synthesized danceable sound
and some slightly neurotic yet ultimately
hypnotic lyrics."

Get the picture?

Still i hope that someday. New Order
will be able to put out an entire album. yes.
an entire album that will display their real
strengths or the strengths i think they have.
Until then In my rocking chair by my win-
dow with my old pictures dreaming shall 1
long. alone. in my rocklrig chair by my
window. shall i dream such satisfaction as i
may never feel.

Excelsior! -’ -

Don't take the tone to heart. Thomas

 

"We're outing supper now and i haven't
seen the kids till day." i love you too.
Morn. lJ

Dolby's "Blinded By Science" is good. inA
telligeni fun. But it's also catchy as hell
which is a into worse than death to one too
many initially groovy songs. However. i
think i'm one of the lucky few that can still
listen tort with genuine enthusiasm instead
of teeth griusliing frustration or neck snapp<
irrg boredom In fact I find the entire El).
enjoyable. This is the problem though.

First things first (the wheels on the Jug-
gernaut of history continue to spin.)

1) l'irr basically a sensible yet neurotic
person.

2) I think too much.

3) l worry too much.

4) i worry about thinking too much.

What does all this mean you may be ask--
ing. Well i'll tell you. I'm worried that
eventually [ won't be able to even look at
this album cover anymore let alone take
the disc out and actually play it on my
roommates stereo and listen to it.

Unnecessary detail? Concern breeds
fastidiousness. 'i'liomas Dolby is so
fastidious about technical detail on this
album that l'nr already mouthing and
screeching the various effects he employs
on this E.P. in exactly the same spot that
he has them in his songs.

illusion 1. You're at a party.

Somebody puts on a record by the Beatles
and immediately everyone in the room is
singing the song as Well as the guitar solo
the drum solo and the bass line.
Everybody knows the song inside out.
Either a) you enjoy that sort of thing or b)
you dump your beer in a nearby plant or
shirt pocket and walk home humm
tug/screaming your favorite Ornette Col-
eman solo. Tire point is that catchy can
turn into nerve wracking Thomas Dolby is
catchy. dangerous fun.

So where does that leave me? i can wait
like Sister Carrie for music that ill really like
or i can listen to music that i really like until
i can't stand to listen to it ever again. As
the Marquis de Sade once said. “is

 

everybody happy?l"

 

Curtis. and the B side "in a Lonely Place”.

' s ‘5 test 'ii‘ 1. (a . inst v. “summits m...

 

 

 

 

