 
 

 

UNIVERSITY THEATRE PRESENTS
, THE WOOLGATHERER

BY WILLIAM MASTROSIME  . ,

f

   

 

s

“...SOL|D PERFORMANCES THAT ENHANCE THE INTRIGUING STORY.”
t WERE

“ HERE...AMIDST AN ABUNDANCE OF PROFESSIONAL THEATRE, WERE TWO
COLLEGE PERFORMERS, LED BY A, GUEST DIRECTOR, SENSITIVELY CAPTURING
THE DESPAIR OF LONELY LIVES AND BREATHING HOPE INTO THEM WITH A

SUGGESTION OF A SHARED FUTURE.”
KNICKERBOCKER 

 

“ MASTROSIMONE HAS A WACKY HUMOR WITH CONTINUAL TURNS
OF THE UNEXPECTED.”
NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

 

 

 

 

 TUESDAv THROUGH SATURDAY, OCTOBER I“, 8PM

;; LAB THEATRE UNIVERSITY-PERFORMING ARTS CENTER

 S 1.00 TAx CARDS/ SUNvA FACULTY/ STAFF

 . $1.50 STUDENTS $5.00 GENERAL ADMISSION

i r . CALI. 457-8606 FOR INFORMATION/RESERVATIONS J

 

’ n n
’ ‘-

 

 

 

 

By Heidi Gralla

ASSOC/2| IE NEWS EDI TOR

 

’ This year. as in years past. some SUNYA
students have found an empty book shelf
where they expected to find their required
texts. Still. bookstore officials contend that a
lot of care goes into ordering lite necessary
number of textbooks.

"It simply doesn't make economic sense
for trs not to have tlte books." said SUNYA
Barnes attd Noble bookstore manager Marj
Campbell. The bookstore's policy. (‘atnpbell
explained. is to order tlte ttrtrttbcr of books
reqttested by Ilre course instructor. unless
enrollment figtrres atth past sales history
substantially conflict with the instructor's
order.

If the bookstore disagrees with the pro-
fessor‘s estimate. they will contact tlte pro-
fessor to review the order. Campbell said.

However, sortie professors contend that irt
tlte ptrst the bookstore has reduced their
orders witltorrt notifying tlterrt.

In a recent ASP letter to the editor.
Associate Philosophy Professor Bonnie
Steinbock said that the bookstore reduced
her order without informing Irer. leaving
50-75 of lrer Philosophy IHI’ students
without hooks at the begirrttirrg of the
scrttester. Sbe Inter reported that she Itad
gotett a lot of feedback from professors wlto
agreed with her. Some. she said. told her they
"just rorttinely over-ordered.“

(‘arnpbell explained that art inventory er ror
caused part of the Phi Ii»ll’ hook shortage.
Site acknowledged. however .that Steinbock's
order was redttced without notification.

The bookstore entries approximately 3.0(X)
different titles. Campbell said. Sltc added
that they rrrn otrt of approximately 5-l() per-

cent (ISO-300) of these each semester.

(‘ampbeli listed several reasons for the tex-
tbook shortages. including a large number of
students adding the course after orders have
already been made. and professors' assigning
books they see in the bookstore which hate
been ordered for other professors.

the bookstore must be cautious not to es-
tettsisely over-order. because. ('ampbcll cs-
plained. rttttst publishers won‘t take back
rtrore than 20 percent of their sales. arid sotttc
still not accept arty returns at all.

Seteral professors say that while they don‘t
deliberater over-order, they do make a
“mavimum gttesstitttate" and order accor-
dingly.

Associate English Professor .Ieft' llctntan
said he understands that the bookstore has
financial interests to consider. bill "it seems
far less ol' art evil for the bookstore to lime to
send back a few copies than for students to
lime to work without books."

In the event that the bookstore does undet-
order. ('ampbell said. every effort is tnade to
have additional copies shipped to the
bookstore immediately.

llooks for the fall scrttcster are usually
ordered around the middle of August. often
the bookstore rece' final ptctcgislttltiotl
figures lrom tlte Registrar's Office.

According to Campbell. the) generally
order the same number of books as tltete are
students enrolled. unless this is in \‘tlllllls‘l
with the professor's request. in “Illslt case
the professor is notified.

('ampbcll said there has been art unusually
Itigli ttuttrber of book shortage complaints
this semester. She suggested tltat ttsctttli
undergraduate enrollment may have changed
over the summer, throwing off tlteit
estimates of class site.

 

 

OCTOBER [1,1983 D ALBANYSTUDENTPRESS 5

Professors angered over textbook Shortages

SUNYA Barnes and Noble Bookstore '
()u/ of 1000 lilles. 5-I0 percent sell on!

Foreign students attracted to U.S.

 

By Eric Hindln

Approximately 600 students coming from
more than 20 countries will attend SUNYA
this year. according to Brian Chin, president
of the International Student Association.

The ISA. made up of primarily foreign
Students. was formed about ten years ago.
said Cbia, to provide service for the foreign
student population at SUNYA. Chia defines

 

service as "trips and activities designed to
provide foreign students with American life,
social and cross-cultural interaction with
American and other foreign students. attd
help in making the transition from one
culture to another"

Chia noted that the reasons for students
coming to study abroad at SUNYA vary ac:
cording to nationality and status
(undcgraduate or graduate). “Indonesians

 

tlon olllclals.

downtown bars.

more than they paid last year.

 

 

S
Late night SUNYA buses are back In action. according to Student Associa-

The late night buses will now leave the circle at 12:30, 1:30 and 2:30 am.
every Friday and Saturday night, making runs to take students to and from

A contract dispute with Folmsboo Bus Company Interrupted service and left
some SUNYA students Stranded downtown several weeks ago.

SA has now signed a contract with Brennan Bus Co., the company they used
last year. SA Vice President Joli Schneider said.

Schneider added that SA will pay Brennan Co. 575 per night. which Is 56

UP

 

—Held| Gralla

 

scettt to favor programs in education. Ger-
mans seem to be physics-oriented. while the
Taiwanese seem interested itt mathmaties and
statistics." he said.

Chia cites the quality of education as one
factor. However. lte also believes many
foreign students cottte to America to fittd out
about American life. While the vast majority
of undergraduate stttdents return borne upon
completion of their work, many graduate
students. according to Cbia. seem to feel they
have more to benefit if they stay itt America.
ortce they receive their degrees. Chia feels
that fbe students. once accustomed to
Artterican amenities arid materialistic ideals.
will rnatty titnes choose to enter the Atnerican
job market rather tltart immediately returning
borne.

Adartt Wong. president of the (‘hinesc
Students Association at SUNYA. reports
that of 250 (‘hittcse students at SUNYA. lit)
belong to the (SA. though rrrctrtbcrs are hL‘v
ittg recruited and membership is on the rise.
The ('SA. founded in two). shares rttatry
common goals with ISA. Wong outlines
(‘SA's goals as introducing ('hinese crrlturc
to the general ptrhlic while providitrg a better
understanding of American culture to
Chinese students. Wong adds that (“SA tries
to spread its activities through the Capital
i)rstttct area tn an attempt to promote lrtettd-
ship arnortg the (‘hinese poprrlatiott.

('SA students are made up of diverse
backgrounds. Wong says. the population
consists of students front 'l'aitsan. llong
Kong. Malaysia. Singapore arid the People‘s
Republic of ('hina. Wong adds that about 30
percent of the members are immigrants who
did not cottre to the lI.S. specifically to study
abroad. While Wong agrees with Chia in
citing certain programs of struly at SUNYA
as being very good. and as a reason for study-
ing abroad. he goes on to add that once
students have studied iii the U.S.. their
perspectives are changed. which often helps
them place well iii the job market once they
return borne. According to Wong. the
relatively low cost of tuition at state univer-
sities is an excellcct incentive for students
who cortte to study in tire U.S.

Alex M. Shane. director of International
Programs. provides a more general outlook
in describing the function of international
programs at SUNYA. “The basic idea." says
Shane. “is to foster a reciprocal excitatth
between American attd foreign students sitt-

 

educaﬁon

dying at SUNYA." Sltanc added that foreign
students seem to feel that their lives have
been enriched by their experiences at
SUNYA. white American students say the ex-
perience of new concepts and ideals provides
a new perspective to their lives.

One issue. seemingly dominant in the inter-
national programs. concerns Russian
students originally scheduled to study at
SUNYA this semester. According to Shane,
the Canadian government's air embargo
against Aeroflot. the national airline of the
Soviet Union. will be lifted in November. and
the resulting delay itt the arrival of Russian
students is viewed as a temporary condition
by official at SUNYA.

Shane adds that although some dislocation
of Russian students has occurred (space
allocated irt class sections ltas been filled with
other SUNYA students). the Mist majority of
the classes the Russian students were to at-
tend were seltedulcd purely for thctrr. and will
begin when tltcy arrive. ('hia would not corn-
tnertt on the situation.

L‘orrrtnenting on hon foreign students fit in
with American students at SUNYA. Cbia
finds the situation both encouraging and
discouraging. He notes that “while some

19>

 

    

ED MAnussrcH UPS
Alex M. Shane
Students "foster a reciprocal exchange. "

- ....... w».....v... .. .J

 

 

 

 

 

