 

 

i
E

sf‘lm..ﬁu

 

 

‘

4a ASI‘EL' is

George McGovern And The Aw

by Brian Jacobs

    
 

'L

 

 

erv frankly, any Senator who talks about sending American forces into Cambodia
ought to lead the charge himself. I’m fed up with old men dreaming up wars for

Young men to die in ' DartiCUlal‘lV stupid wars of this kind that add nothing to our

security.’

tilt those words over a decade

.igo_ (it-oige Mc(io\ern emv

Ir.irl«.ed on a campaign for

I‘resr-lt it: that nould end in a landslide
.Ieleat litit now. as we look .it Vietnam
it retrospect. we see that yes ll .\.rs a
instake arid no. it didn't. nor \\|tlllll rt
.er ltt|\ e .rdded anything to I an set no

IL' )
We ran now read well dottinrented
books like zltiierrr'o's Longest ll'ar bv
(it-urge lleriing and Nixon's Agorristes
tic (iarry Wills, that contend security
“as never really at issue. and ilrai to a
large extent the pr‘esidency's image and
strength were what was being con
srder'ed. We can see the kind of blind
faith that swept up Nixon's 'Silent l‘la-
ror'ity.' into following and beliexing him
The 'official view' of Vietnam was proof
enough for George Meany. their head
of the Al'l.‘Cl() to retort McGovern by
saying lte would “not go with a fellow
runtririg for President of the United
States who advocates surrender ltl
Southeast Asia " Today we cart read
that wrtlr a grin. and why not it‘s Iuir
try But llt terms of our current foreign
policy. what has changed'.’ The \tttltt‘
“containment oi coninnuusin" policy
ulnch streti hes back to the l'rutnair Ail
ministration. is the pretext for not ill
\olorenreni tti (‘erititrl Arnenta

 

as it .

\t..ts Ill Vietnarrr) It is this same point; i

which permits us to support It'llli'sslh' .

regrnres \lii It as Argentina. I"-r.r.'rl
('lrrle. Indonesia. the I’lrtlrliptnes to
name a few
:\ntl llllt lear arins liven lirt Iranl .'\'i.\
on reali/ed the need in the tulllt,‘ seven
“.es for some land of nuclear Inrrrtairons
\Alfl' I pit tied a useful starting hit it It on
i.\lt|L‘lt future negotrattons could be built
lint now. as we share the world With
30.000 nuclear warheads wrth the ex
plosive tapatrty of 20 billion tons of
TNT. we ask the ever elusive question.
that has beeir done to Iirnit them? The
rttsth is. not very much SALT ll.
thrclr was the next logical step frorn
‘\:\l.'l' I. was never ratified by Congress.
and although it is somewhat respected
by l)rrlll sides. it is not an official treaty
imthermore. the Reagan Administrar
'ion has shown little inclination in recti-
lyrng the ttiatter Reagan and his
nnlitary-iirdustrial cohorts have Just
tetently succeeded in obtaining every
major military syStem tltey asked for
from Congress The arms race buikls.

(ieorge McGovern. as you might es
pact. has a different view oi American
foreign policy Described by the
Washington Post as "the quintessential
espouser of liberal causes at home and
abroad." George McGovern has been
the target of right wing Political Action
Cornnnttees (l’ACs)

In I‘)H(l. PACs spent more than
$250,000 to flood his home state of
South Dakota with antrMcGoverii pro-
paganda. This resulted in barring him.
after eighteen years in the Senate. from
reelection.

In 1981

McGovern founded

“Americans for Common Sense" to. in
his words, “become an issue-oriented

I

I
t
t
i

 

counteiforce to the threat from the new
nghl " He also went on the lecture cir-
cuit and taught special classes at ttnlver»
sttres around the country. It was a surn-‘
met program rntr by the University of
New Orleans in Innsbruck. Austria.
where I met oli(l studied under lritrr.
The class was small. about 8 or [)
students. Wlllt it gave me the oppoitrirrt
[y to get to know liiiri

As a member of Arlinest Interna—
tional.’ an international human tlglrts
group that Works for the release of
political prisoners. l was interested to
hear his views on American human
rights policy But i was also intrigued by
his profound concern for nuclear arms.
control. To be fair. l have always been
skeptical oi any type of politician. The
question that flows through muy mind
whenever I hear political rhetoric is what
is the true goal behind the stated one?
Sometimes it's not that simple.

McGovern is a case where it's not so
simple
I could speculate that perhaps he has

 

 

 

—George McGovern, 1970

friends here or there. aird adjusts his
policies to accommodate them. but that
doesn't really hold up liy wanting to
stop the nuclear build tip in the hope of
averting nuclear holocaust. Mr,
McGovern cannot have too many
friends within the military-industrial
complex I Ie also cannot be too well Ilk-
ed iii the boardroorns of American
ttrultittallotral corporations by stating
that “there has to be a consistant starr—
dard. . . in the human rights area" in
our policy towards other nations Is it
possible this politician has genuine con-
cerri for the welfare of the people?

After studying under him and
understanding him as a person. I am
beginning to believe he does have a
concern. Indeed. he is a professional
politician. but he is also a personable
human being. In his class discussions he
was open and frank.

in August. as the Innsbruck summer
came to a close. I interviewed him on
the issues of human rights and nuclear
arms. I started off by asking him how

extensive he thought the political Lise of
torture was. Ironically. we were sitting
on apark bench overlooking the Inn
river. with the mountains. some snow
capped. surroundlrig us. The air was
clean and crisp. It was an environment
of both serenity and distraction

He leaned back and replied: "Well.
I'm afraid it's (political torture) llllllt‘
widespread than we would like to
recognize. in governments both left and
right on the idealogical spectrum There
have been many cases of torture
reported. 1 know that in both North and
South Vietnam. torture has been used
during and since the war. i know that it
has been used in Cambodia. [know that
in the Phillipines. which is a state. that
we're very close to. in mainland China.
in large parts of Latin America. the Mid-
dle East and Africa. torture has been all
too prevalent." And the Soviet Union?
“No question about it being used there."
he said. "The Soviet Union is a prime
example of the use of torture and coir-

 

finement on frivolous charges."

 

 

“The quintessential

The following are excerpts from that
interview. . ,

Groups .Iike Amnesty International
are temporary means to fight the ini-
prlsonntent of political prisoners. What
do you see as a more permanent solu-
tion.'.’

"Well. first of all. let me commend
Airrnesty International for an excellent
record of highlighting human rights
violations, I think they've done a
Wonderful job as an organization. That
the I'lelsinki accords. the Helsinki
agreements. on human rights. the cf
forts of the United Nations. the efforts of
the international community through
the various governments is also very im-
portant iir dealing with this problem. An
awakened human consciousness of the
problem is where any solution has to
begin.

 

And you feel that those groups are
reducing the violations of human
rights? '

"I think there's no question it would
be vastly worse than it is if it were not for
the restraining impact of these concern-
ed groups

How can you intei‘gr'ate a human
rights concern with a viable. effective
htrrnan rights policy?

"Well. first of all. you have to be coir

.sistent about it You can't be for human

rights when we're dealing with a country
'whose reaction we don't care about.
and their soft on it With a country we're
trying to cultivate. There has lobe a cer-
ain consistent standard that we stay to ii
We want to be respected iii the human
rights area Secondly. I think that hav-
trig said that. we have to use some
restraint on otrr own part in what we do
about human rights violations. We can't
expect every country to automatically
liump through the hoop on the stan-

 

..,...,,..,.._ q— _-

 

 

 

espouser of the liberal cause.”

I Iards that we set. So I think you have to
-ecognize that this is a long-term. slow
irocess. You know. we had a hundred
JCEH’S or more of violations til the rights
)l black people in our own country. and
t was a long. bitter struggle before we
'ould get our government on recored to
)ppose that. So we can't expect other
countries to reform overnight."

t

I'd like to speak a little bit on nuclear
arms which I realize you are very corr-
cerired with The US. and the Soviet
llnion are currently involved in a
massive arms race. How do you think
we could slow this down?

“Well. the most important step right
now would be for us to go ahead an
ratify the SALT ll treaty. That's all in
place. Five or six years of careful
'negotiatlon was invested In that treaty
by former Presidents Nixon and Ford

 

[ASPECTS Sn

kened Human Consciousness

and President Carter. and the Sentate
ought to lift that treaty off the shelf and
ratify it. it's not a dramatic change in the
arms race. but It's a long second step in
that direction. We had the SALT l treaty
as of 1972. It's long overdue for us to
move on to the second step in SALT
It."

l was reading today the argument for
not lirritttrig the test ban and Reagan's.
aides were suggesting that we need to
continue the tests because if we say we
don't want to test then we're saying that
the technology Is no good.

“i don't agree with that at all I think
that it's absolute follly for either the
Soviet Union or the United states to be
testing nuclear weapons in the at
mosphere which only adds to the
danger of radioactive poisoning The
present limited test ban treaty bans the
testing iii the atmosphere and it
behooves us to stay wrllr it "

Their argument was that in the fifties
the rockets and the arms were not very
reliable and with the testing we were
able to find them more accurate.

“Well. since the ban relates to botlt
the Soviet Union and the United States
on further testing. it doesn't give either
side an advantage. if it's a problem for
us. it's a problem for them.

But it will be a problem for both of us if
we start polluting the atmosphere with
radioactive fallout again."

It has occured to me that with 50000
nuclear warheads with the capacity of
twenty billion tons of TNT. that it's
almost as if the United States and Soviet
Union are holding the world hostage
Wortid you agree with that"

"Yes. I agree ltlniik we are holding
each other hostage They are the two
most vulnerable countries lit the world
now herause they are the clrref targets
of the nuclear arsenal of the other
superpower There's no place where it's
more dangerous to live right now in
terms of ultirrrate survival than the
‘v'ovret Union and the Utrited States
They've got enough weapons aimed at
eaclrothei to rust pnIVeri/e all (’\l~lllltl
life in both countries "

While Henry Kissinger. winner of the
I‘l'i'.i Nobel Peace l’rile. plotted the
destruction of ("arnbodia front his Wlnte
liouse offices. and as Nixon drew the
oattleliries in American politics between

is' and ‘them.' the man who said
thoughtful Americans understand that
the highest patriotism is not a blind ac-
ceptance of official policy but a love of
one's country deep enough to call her to
a higher standard." suffered the worst
defeat in American politics. George
McGovern is a man of issues. So as we
sit back and lament. and hope
something has change in the last twelve
years. one thing is for certain: Win or
lose the Democratic nomination.
George McGovern. throuin his convicr
tion that "air awakened human corr-
sciousness of the probletti is where any
solutioir has to begin," will lead us to the

issues t .

 

t

Amnesty International is an tilltlllllCr'

organization The views reflected here do
'not in airy way reflect the opinions of
Amnesty International The orgarrt/aiion eti-
ldor‘s s no political ideology or candidate.
Their approach is strictly grounded on basic
.human rights.

The author is currently president of the

 

 

| SUNY chapter of Airinesty International. ll

