suspects on tuesday

M
A
R
C
H
t's a sad but true fact that many
8 legends Just don't know when to
call it quits. Some think that Eric
1 Clapton could be included in this
9 distinguished club of has-beans. | em-
8 phasize the word could because with his
3 ‘ latest release. Money and Cigarettes. Erlc

has shown us that he ls still a hot commodi-
ty.

Robert Schneider

ll Eric Clapton ever decided to write a
resume. the experience section alone
would fill a book, He has worked with so
many and done so much that it bogles the
mind. His first really notable association oc-
‘cured in the mid-Sixties with an English
blues group that was light-years ahead of Its
time. That group. The Yardbirds. was also
the spawning ground of two other great
guitarists: Jimmy Page and Jeff Beck. The
Beatles liked him so much that they let him
play a fantastic guitar on “While My Guitar
Gently Weeps". George Harrison aided
Clapton on several of his own times. most
effectively on “Badge” Eric. along with
Steve Winwood. Ginger Baker and Rich
Grech. made-up Blind Faith. one of the
best. albeit shortest-lived groups of the Six-
ties. -

Did i mention Eric's stint in Cream. or his
association with Derek and the Dominos?
in addition to all this. he has a very
distinguished solo career. it doesn't take a
PhD to see why people call him a living
legend. or to see wlty some people were
calling for a mandatory retirement. Alter
1977‘s Slowhand. Clapton began a series
of tired. uninspired records that had even
his most devout followers shaking their
heads He didn't seem to care about his
work and everyone knew it. His last tour
was a nightmare for him. especially
physically the suffered a mild heart attack
and had to be hospitalized for quite
awhile). Many criticized him for being no
more than an ancient dinosaur. but this is a
criticism that has been leveled at many.
from The Rolling Stories to The Who.
Money and Cigarettes will probably please
all but his most steadfast critics.

Lyrically. Clapton's songs have never
been too substantial. in fact. a leather
might be heavier For the most part. this is

 

ick Lowe I: the songvuritvr Paur
McCartney could have been
Never has it been so evident as

on his new album. The Aboirtinohlc
Showman Nick goes fast, slow. hop and
pop without ever sounding like Dad. which
Paulie tends to do This time Nick's pop |5
pure and precious. keeping his voice up
front.

Gail Merrell

Where Nick and Paul differ is that Nick
never gets sappy He's careful to add a
touch of sarcasm and to up the tempo
everytime his pop bubbles begin to get airy
enough to burst. And Nick's greatest ad-
vantage over Paul is that his wife. Carlene
Carter. knows how to sing. When Nick and
Carlene make love. they don't need Kodak
to help them to remember the times of their
lives. _

Part of the reason this album is so great is
that Nick is no longer walking around With
a chip on his shoulder On last year's Nick
the Knife he put so much effort into "Stick
it Where the Sun Don't Shine" that be
neglected the rest of the album, Now that
he's gotten over his poshRockpile breakup
blues. he's back to recording infectious pop
music, His lyrics are also strictly pop; every
song is about love whether it be falling In it.
recovering from it or wanting to make it it
sounds like he's been studying cohort Elvis
Costello's Imperial Bedroom lyric sheet
and came to the conclusion that the most
alluring lyrics read like lessons learned from
Tire Book of Love.

The most catchy song on the album is
“Time Wounds All Heels". which is also

 

 

 

the most brilliant title. Nick has the ability to

 

 

 

Clapping FOr Clapton

 

 

Erlc Clapton's sounding healthier

 

 

 

 

true on Money and Cigarettes. There is
one exception in "Ain't Going Down". To
anyone familiar with Clapton's troubles
with drugs. alcohol arid his health. the
song sounds almost like an autobiography:
“it ain't no big deal. we‘re all lucky to be
alive/l myself don't believe in luck. or tak-
ing chances. i will survive/Every move l
tnake. every twist. every turn/You scari-
dalize and humble me. i may be slow but i
will learn." On this track. there's a hint of
the same vocal style that he used so well on
songs like “i Shot the Sheriff" He's got iust
a touch of strain in the Singing. and il

Lowe Reaches A

state in four simple words n fueling that
most people wouldn't even admit to In“!
song has beautiful violins. and Nick splits
vocals 70-30 with Carlene Carter. always a
welcomed addition, More in the hop tradir
tion is "(For Every Woman Who Ever
Made a Fool of a Man There's it Woman
Who Made a) Man of a Fool" Here band
member Paul Carack turns in his finest per»
formance. playing soulful keyboards as ex-
pertly as Garth Hudson of The Band on a
song that easily could have been penned
by NRBQ or Little Feat. In the same upbeat
spirit is "Chicken and Feathers". a song
that hooks you with its Foundations-type
chorus.

The pace quickens on “We Want
Action". in which Nick's got the whole
world calling out for sex. "Wish You Were
Here" and "Raging Eyes" are also fast pac»
ed' rollers. the latter sounding like
something Bruce Springsteen might have
written for Dave Edmunds. complete with
honky-tonk pianos.

Even some of the album's filler material
is notable. as Nick uses those songs as a
testing ground for a variety of styles
"Tanquevrae" is as stupid and as much fun
as any Sha-Na-Na song and "Cool Reac~
tiott" is saved by putting some Calypso itito
the heat. On another note "Mess Around
With Love" is a ripvoff since it's the same
tune as Rockpile's "When I Write the
Book."Next. Nick goes over to the Burt
Bacharach cairip of adult love songs with
"Paid the Price". which doesn't offend
anyone since Nick doesn't sing it with a lot
of schinaltz. His other beautiful love song is
a (ills-type. Bing Crosby disaster called
"How Do You Talk to an Angel", This is
one area that Nick should leave to Paul.

evokes empathy from a listener.

The reason Clapton was so heavily
criticized for his most recent works was that
his usual mellow. understated style became
comatose. He sounded exhausted instead
of blue. This record is much more
energetic; yet he still manages to maintain
his classic fatigue. The opening track.
"Money and Cigarettes". is a great exam-
ple of this. it's an ancient soitg by Sleepy
John Estes that features a delightful repeat
guitar riff. Albert Lee does a good job on
keyboards. staying in the background but
nonetheless letting us know he's there

 

Clapton has always loved the blues
Would it be a Clapton album if there Wasn't
at least one good blues tune? Of course
not. On this record. "Crosscut Saw“ stands
out. although there is a little touch of court-
try here too. It features the standard blues-
soul-riff. You've heard this riff so many
times that it's hard to pick out exactly
where you heard It last. This one kt‘c’ps
from being boring with a great long lrttti Ry
Cooder. another legend. helps out lirir all
over the record. it's more than a little ritt'
noylng when you try to see who playud .i
solo on a particular song. and fitid that
there is no breakdown of wlio-dld-what on
any song. We do know that Donald
"Duck" Dunn Is the only bassist on the
album. (Unfortunately. he's not it'rtllt,‘ in
demand on any song),

The single from this album. "l'vu (hit it
Rock n' Roll Heart". Is a very Slitt‘illslttq
choice when you consider how many other
great songs there are here. The \lllillt‘
marks a return to the Clapton of the l..riv
Seventies. one who barely kept his unis
open as he sang. Lyrically. it's .i tale of .ni
old rocker who tells his new girlfriend that
he loves her but he won't give up lil'i old
habits. it's a nice story. and the song \Utliltl
have been much better if old iinr' had lit't’lt
awake.

Clapton is one of those people who is
both a leader and a follower. lie Sutlttis to
draw much from people like Carl i’urlmn»
on “The Shape You're in". notably tti rhv
guitar-bass interaction. There's ti lt'iilll.
stupendous. funky little bridge on tlir.
sortg. Clapton and Courier do a tlrt/lltlit)
lob on guitar in most places on Morn-y ittttl
Cigarettes.

With this record. Clapton has tlt/ltt‘
much to restore his reputation that Imrl
been so badly tarnished in the last four til
five years. He's taken a collection it
average songs and superb musicians illi'l
made songs with life. Still. there are win-i
soft spots. unfortunately. it is the one lll i'
most people will hear. Hopefully llit'
single's success will prompt the it‘t’titil
company to release other singles, on”
which will be more representative of ti.
quality of Money and Cigrirr'tti-s (laptwi
should not rest on his laurels on lllt’ ri. -'
record. but he should be proud of ll
.tlhurn Welcome back Slowlinntl

 

 

 

 

who twenty years ago managed to pull off
astrn’ilarly styled ditty called "Til There Was
ou .

The one thing that bothers me about the
album is its title. The Abominable
Showman. While it's cutesy and witty, it

 

‘ i .. ‘.
m. I

also implies that Nick finds hirrisulf .i
detestable creature that likes to present his
work dramatically. i find that a little liillll to
digest sounds like he's looking at lllltt‘n'll a
“me too seriously, l suggest Oh. Nir'lr‘r'yl. as

 

 

 

in “You take me by the heart when will
take me by the haw

 

H

C apttal‘Repertory Company has
pledged to include in each of
their regular seasons a new
American play. This season's fare is Nittn
Shengold's first play I'luinestcndcrs. Like
last season's choice Feathers this play is a
winner.
Megan Gray Taylor

This is the story of two brothers. Jack
and Neal. who in the wake of the turbulent
late till's sought a new way (if life on the
Alaskan frontier and the others in their lllt.‘
who are also seeking. The play opens with
the arrival of .ltike lilane Jones) .i refugee
from New York and suburban
l’liiliidi'lplrin. who has signed on llS a deck
hand on Neal's fishing boat for the sunr
iner. a relationship which becomes .i focal
point of the play Also living in Shelter

:scene from I-lomesteaders.

aturday evening set winter spirits
S aloft on the simplicities and
serenitius we all have expuriene
etl from the journals of Sandburg. Joyce
and Dante. Once again. .lulius l'ltrgyi took
steadfast command of the Albany Sym-
phony OlCllUSllil and set afire vestal hearts
through the Works of Vision. Biuch and
Beethoven.
William D. Charmack

This performance featured the acclaimed
violinist Emanuel liorok. the assistant ctnt»
ceriniaster of the Boston Symphony ()r-
cheslra and concertmaster of the Boston
Pops Symphoin Orchestra. A descendent
of the famed Cinessin Music institute in
Moscow. Borok has performed with the
Orchestra of the Bolshoi and Moscow
Philharmonic Orchestra (of which he was
also concertmaster). in 1973 Borok em-
migrated to lsrael where he received ac-
claim as the concertniaster of the lsrael
Chamber Orchestra in 1974. Borok's
subsequent American poularity began in
1975, when he made his unforgettable
solo debut at the Tanglewood Festival.

Saturday's program opened with a simp-
ly eloquent performance of Plston's Se—
cond Symphony. In three parts. Piston. a
disciple of the famous French artist Nadia
Boulanger (whose other students include
1 Aaron Copeland and Virgil Thompson). is
noted for his simplistic homophonous
melodies, that immediately call to mind
distinct Images borne from the pages of
Sandburg and Whitman. Piston is noted
for his two Pulitzer Prize winning Third and
Seventh Symphonies. yet the Second
Symphony typifies the basic thrust behind
his Iconoclastlc expressions.

Following this‘ fine demonstration of
masterful orchestration and superior per-
formance from the string and percussion
sections, Borok. the guest performer took
his position at center stage. Borok chose

 

 

ASO’s Sprin

 

Cover are lidra. Jack's fiancee of four

years. and Laurel. Neal's M year~old

daughter who is visiting hiiri for thr- stun»
‘ trier.

This is a fine play which mixes poignant
personal confrontations and discoveries
with some of the funniest. reallife humor I
have seen on stage Slrungrild seems well
in control of taking her characters to the
point of t‘littlt't‘. when news from the "out-
side world" ltrlt‘t'S .i l'lit)l(‘k' between tuturn-
itig to former lives or remaining in the
world they have t‘li‘iilﬁl.

The elder. rlllfl more troubled brother
Nunl is superbly played by Keith
Langsdale Langsdale whose face is
fillilllltll from such 'l'V shows its Iininr'y
Millt'r. Iirisoni Iiuddivs and House (frills.
talo“; Neal front a frightened iii-Iii running
from other people's expectations to an .int
higious end implying some reconciliation

 

'Jake (June Jones) gets a few lessons about Irontler living from ffdra (Shelley Wyont) in u

 

 

WW‘WWWA4WN v..- wy‘

 

 

 

Max Bruch's Scott/sh Fantasy from the
Fantasy on Scottish Folk Tunes for Violin.
Orchestra. and Harp. perhaps the finest of

  
 

WW

with his daughter 'l'hi' younger liltilltt'l.
.lnr'k. is liiotittlit to life by iliilllt'V lilii‘lltlrill.
ivliti lltrlllt‘ .t i’liiitatti'i lllill |\ litil rIN \vr-ll
ill‘Vi’llllll'll tuitlly slitiw lalir-rnlnit's lit'ttt‘llt
p.n i' and biting (ll‘ll\i’ll,‘ of \t‘it.‘ fttltttt,‘ lint".
um it show ‘ilt'rill'l

l'ltv ii-.illv outstanding lit‘lflitttit'i‘i llt‘it‘

.iii' the women ilrlllt‘ Join-s as lllt‘ lt't t’ltl
.ittivnl has it fat‘tnl i‘xpit-ssirin fin t’\’t'lV new
riiitl traumatic tit'i‘litrii‘tt' tn hvr "nvw-lifu"
Wliit'lt includes not only lllt' lnt’k til indoor
plumbing and Sweet ii Low. htit also the
difficult position of being Ni'iil": lovr'r while
his daughter l..itiit-| struggles for ltt‘i .ttti'n

tioii Jones. was no less than hitlltrint ’llii‘
young Laurel is played by newcomer illlll
current SUNYA student 'l'eiii Vnittleir
bosch, Terri is totally convincing as the
troubled 14 year-old who has to deal with
her need for her father's attuntioii. her own
discontent and sexual awakening in very
few lines. Her character was arrogant
without being annoying. genuine without

 

Emanuel Boroir: Guest artist with Albany Symphony Orchestra

being sappy /\ fine [)L’Vfttt‘iilﬂltt‘c'.

 
       

 

the German-born composer's works. The
Fantasy In five movements leads off with a
dtrge-ltke melody culminating into sheer

‘ 'l'L‘rri Vitrirli’itlirisr'lr (is I.riiirr'l stiler ti'htli' lit't litihi'r “(Will I tiriiisdrilr') rind .Iriki’ look on

 

 

._._ 14m... ..

('rinipli'tingt this list of ‘.\tltlll('ll Is Slttrllm/
Wyriiit its l.tllil. llll’ inititi- Alrtslmtt who has
it [ill itlitttotts ‘it'll‘at‘ Ill [Hill fit .iliiy rtllll .tltillly
ll) ritlllttl .iiid stttvtu' \Vlhllll's llirllrttll‘l
was \‘.-tlitl illltl lilitlllt’Hllt ritllttlli/ l'lt'llt’krlllli‘
lllt"-t' [it’lltilillrilit l'\ \K’t‘it' .ill t’liliillll oil by
lllt‘ litii' I'll-it'llllllt‘ rti Iniit lltl\ plitt.‘ it'tttttii-tl
.iirtl lt‘t I’lVl'tl

lllt‘ play was rim-nit) tlltt't lt’ll by June
Stein. .i itii'inlit't of llll' ('iirh' llopt'ttory
f‘riinpriiiv lli New York This play. like 'l'ni
lllllt‘. spoils .irr tilil-ilrtlttltitt) wt design (by
the some llrliltl‘i) Ill Ilrih' l" .loiilrut whili‘
costumes Wt'tt' done by the Very experienc-
ed hand of linirihnin Forbes. all adding to
ill“ very positive intro of this play

This play is Capital llep at its vvry best
Regional theatre giving birth to new
playwrights and new actors is what makes
this company so exciting. in addition. CRC
is offering half-priced tickets to students
1/2 hour before curtain lforiii-stenders is
running through March 20th. take advan-
tage of this really fine theater in our own
backyard Enjoy. l.l

frolic and lilt'n‘illiUiit. reminiscent of
sweeping sporroris .ind ruddy complexions
in the fourth iiiltl fifth movements. Borok
gave a virtuoso performance. by far worthy
of the Sainsntu performance Willi incom-
parable dexterity and poignant fury. lioi'ok
transcended a receptive orchestra while
gently complimenting the soft stirrings of
the harp /\ lrttly lL‘llliillirllilL‘ pit-cu of Work.

The last sequence of the program pro-
mised r‘i litre favorite Beethoven's Sixth
Symphony. 'l'lti- I’rrstorrtlt- immediately lit-
noculates any audience with "Feelings of
relief" tllld visions of utoptnn vistas. First
performed iii 1808 by the composer
himself. the Symphony gives us a rather
descriptive insight into Beethoven's synt-
biosis with the flora and fauna of the
peaceful European countryside. The Sym-
phony irt five movements begins with an
.illegro ma non troppo movement which
emlnates joyous visions of dawn in the
countryside. it then progresses to an
adante movement depicting the famous
“Brook Scenes". The third movement
describes the people of the countryside.
while the fourth depicts the great
thunderstorm arid the preverblal calm
thereafter. The last movement is perhaps
the most moving. and is entitled the
“Shepard's Song" an allegretto movement
describing thankfullness and praise to pro-
vidence.

Hegyi led the orchestra through a
masterful although somewhat hurried per-
formance. An outstanding job by the cello
section and a superb performance by the
lead oboe (Randall Ellis) were evident.
Despite the fine work from these two sec-
tions. other woodwind sections were over-
powered by an incessant rushing toward
some unknown deadline. Overall ASO's
version of the Pastorale did convey the
composer's message despite -arious shor-
thand techniques which seem to slightly
subtract from our “European Holiday". Cl

 

 

w-«-:1‘J‘~“7‘n"l‘ u: wgmw

.~u*-_«~—u

    
      
   
     

m1!

. "4.4:!

 

   
  
  
 

