 

 

....1,i;,.
41::

 

 

 

 

 

 

Compromise Rather
Than Starve

hiftiirg ideological gears in mid»

career is aliiays tricky for rock

bands. and on their new album.
the Gang of l'onr have rather abruptly
tliiowii themselves into reverse The
resultrrrg Ll’ is their uncomfortable .irrd disso-
nant Hard

Ben Gordon

On the guitar froirt. not much has clrang~
ed, although the attack is frequently less
vicious than before Tire rreiv lineup change
is the big news. with Sara Lee (remember the
League of Gentlemen") on bass The razoi
sharp Hugo Burrrliam Dave Allen rhythm
section is gone. apparently forever

Within the first ten seconds of the album.
long-time fans wtll sniff the sell-out. and by
the end of the first side almost anyone will
recognize this as a tragedy Slick pop liar-
monies are juxtaposed tniserably against the
band's traditional cutting sound. and the out
come Isa vacuum No funk. no pirttll. no
value. The Gang of Four will never threaten
white funk/soul kings ABC. even if a few of
the tracks are dancable

Like many of the band's hardcore
followers, 1 had hoped that last year's Song
0/ the Free album and the mass disgust at its
commercial overtones had convincetl
songwriters Andy Gill and Jon King irut to
stray from the territory they handled best.
On their debut album. Entertainment. they
established themselves as the ultra~radtca|
leftists bent on purging society of injustice
Hard laments the failure of both the com»
mercial and the orthodox approaches. for
the simple reason that neither has succeeded
in making the band members happy

There are a few songs of interest on Hard.
and one i"liirleperrclerice") is almost tip in
the old standards But the value of most of

 

these soirgs is not so much musical as it is in

triiiiinig for what they explain ahotil the
nit-tries of the album "I l'Ilk'tl" is about the
abandoning til the groier early ideals. "lt
llriii'i Matter" and "Independence" are
dist irssiorrs of the failed struggles to Justify
iltrri itl'iiillllliittit‘iil Marry answers are offer»
red Net rl for transition, coiiirriercial failure,
\lltilltiilllliltl‘s in the ideological stance All
are ultimately rejected. arid the album closes
tsillt ilri- lriistrati-il. despairing cry. “I did all
that l iould to be saved It looks like I tirade
the wrong decision "

At times. the group is really asking for re-
jection Writing off the old values is sure to
outrage the old fairs. the slick harmonies and
ioirtrived (lance treats are unlikely to win any
new ones Almost everything about the
album has the gloomy deadness of failure
about it liven the album jacket is boring.
despite the fact that this is the first Gang of
l:tilit album to trrclude a picture of the group
(also disappointing). I'd almost like to think
the album asptrt's to failure in an attempt to
prove a point in the tradition of Lou Reed's
[\feiul Moi lime Mrisrc. The attempt to imitate
pop is nearly satirical. but ultimately just
mediocre

Kafka's Hunger Artist sat in a cage fasting
while people bought tickets to watch liitir
becottie gradually irrore emaciated Again
and again he undertook the forty-(lay fast.
but each time the crowds drew smaller. and
the last time he refused to quit until he starv~
ed to death. unnoticed. The Gang of Four
have elected to change their act rather than
starve for the sake of a small following. That
may be understandable, but iii switching
they have drastically compromised their ar-
tistic principles That compromise is
disheartening enough. but the new act is a
musical (Treat Leap Nowhere. making Ilurd
a doubly saddening effort from a group that
should. know better Buy the old records

before Warner Brothers purges the band out
of its catalogue

 

i;

 
   
  

TO SEE WHAT A GOOD
BOXER I AM.’

 

OTISBY RA. HAYES

EY OTIS, NOW YOU'IL GET

 

Band Talk?

 

.OCTOBER 15,198,

The Band Is
ack In Town

here were you in I977? Many of
you hadn't even “tasted” your first
Budweiser yet. and high school
was still in the future. Most record collections
featured Zeppeliiri's IV. Frarrrptori Comes
Alive and yes. ofcourse. Boston's first. What
most of us naive young music fans didn't
realize. however. was that on Thanksgiving
Day 1977. many of the true legends of the
industry were all assembled in one room for
one reason; to bid farewell to one of their.
own. The Band. __
Mark Bodin
if there was ever a group that so ex-
emplified the intangible "American Spirit."
that band is The Band. The irony here is
that four of the five original members hail.
from our northern neighbor. Canada. Many
of their songs reflect their experiences of
coming south to the U S The songs are
stories which could have easily been passed
oii through generations as American Folk

 

 

  

 

standards. such as “Across the (heat Divide"
aiid "The Night They Drove ()ld Dixie
liown.’

So how could siiilr a legend just call it

quits and leave our ears as well as orii minds
to the "Boston‘s" of the industry" The
answer is that they didn't (well. riot exactly).
In their nine years of performing as The
Baird, they li‘fl llli‘ll mark on many young
musicians and groups of later years The
dual keyboard approach was immediately
adopted by other early "70‘s bands such as
l’rociil llillllltt It still is evidenced today.
with many electropop groups iriiriiickirrg
(Earth Iliidson‘s style of biz/are organ effects
and sytrllti'sltet fills To date. many also
believe that The Bands harmonizing arid
musical instincts are unparalleled

Forming iii the early '(iil's as The Hawks.
Levon Helm, Robbie Robertson. Garth
Hudson. Richard Manuel atid Rink Danko
had all come from musical backgrounds with
country aiid RSrB iiifliieirces The first per-
fot'iiied as The Hawks, the backing band for
rockabilly flash Ronnie Hawkins. Best
known from the Hawkins' days is their
dynamic rerrdiilon of "Who Do You Love."
appearing on Ronnie's Roulette album.
Mid-I965. Tire Hawks formed a new

 

 

association, this time as Hobbit.” g.“ up
band during his electtlc-folk Hit It years My,
approaching this arrangement i||1]il|'llt'ii\t‘.('-
Iy, al it took was one Jam session Iri'iiiru rt.“
all realized that there was main burrow
them. I

1968 was the year of llli'ii first albrrm
Music Iron't Big Pink. Wltlt‘lt lt'lt'llt'tl it. the
pink-roofed house In West Satay-rites “here
the songs were created The .iliriirrr ttlmh
sports a cover painting by lint» lid... M5
recorded in only two wwks' tiriru (Tririrs
were full of nothing but praisi- tiir llll‘ album,
which was referred to as an "iviiirrr" by tori.
Rolling Stone and Time lliritlii/illt'N Hiring.
quent releases, such as flri‘ itairil bfriije
Fright, Islands and Northern try.“
Southern Cross all )ll‘slifii'il lii- iiiirwi's

reputation as a “legend " '  rillu‘lii I .‘llrb
for example. was the “hi rim Iil u. it...
poriite Hudson's UXlil‘tliilt'ldulw i-  ix

distinct Lowery Organ on xirix,

 

   

A band with such a Ilillllitlili ill tr 2‘
have gone out any other ~.i I‘.  i. .r
celebration. “The Last \Mit.‘  mail;
that Choosing to wrap it .ili ‘il ' its one
hall they first performed til i It. i: i'il tit

 

Thanksgiving l‘)77
the iiiitsic world's fiirii:i 'i
Winterland liilc (flapioii ii
Dylan. Paul Butterfielil it i
Morrisoon, Muddy Wait:
Ronnie Hawkins. Neil \‘wi- ' i  i
there payitig tiibiite iiliil ; v ' ‘
some of the most Ilti’lttiit :‘ . .
music history Clapton I‘lt » r .i
Up the Road." Levon | loin w i :L 
field did a duet tilled "Might . .
Muddy Waters perforirri-ii I "it:
nish Boy "

After seven years of can .nr .
(including Levon llelrri's I I i
for his role in CquHlitli‘t «. 
Band is back The original t .. .
son. will take the stage on K .- :.
the Palace Theatre. Allmrv, - " ‘t.-‘ t _i‘-‘
Brothers Band accoriiparnu. r HM n l’
‘to the University Concert lit :1 :1.
who've been mourning Ilic 1' row ‘
classic age of rock 'n' roll mi. 1 .ri. .i .i r' it
to witness the return of a filter .l.‘ ii'ii'
roll legend.

\

 

.1. r”.

i  i

 

 

ti‘.
nit

 

 

 

 

 

 

II DON‘T LIKE YOUR

    

GOT HORSESHOES IN
HIS GLOVES.

 

 

 

OPPONENT. I THINK HE'S

  
   

UT THE FIGHT ‘
EVEN HASN T

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

OCTOBER 18, 1983

 

 

 WWWJJQuau

 

A Show

To Be'

Remembered

Ichael Stripe does not present

himself as the archetyplcal trnage of

today's rock 'n' roll star. The
slender lead singer of R.E.M swaggered on
stage last Wednesday night at the Skyway in
Scoita clad In tattered drawstring khaki
pants. black slippers. a torn plaid shirt and a
rally T«shlrt with "cool" spelled backwards
on the back. This was definitely appropriate.
considering Stripe's and the rest of R.E.M 's
obvious distaste and abhorrence for “trendy”
music arid the record Industry's insistence on
placing every band into a category

Jonas Nachsin

 

All rtousness asid . however. RI". M
proved to be an adventurous and fun-loving
band at the Skyway. which is a large bowling
alley turned club (the paneled wood floors
and lane arrows really enhance the club at
iritrspherel. After an hour-long free beer
special and a solid warm-up performance
from R.E.M. producer Mitch liaster's new
band. Let's Active. R.E.M. took the stage at
about 1113”.

They opened the set with "Moral Kiosk." a
powerful number frorii their first LP Murmur
It's very hard to explain R.E.M. performing
live, but suffice It to say that theylust explode
on stage. When they first caught the public's
attention with the release of “Radio Free
Europe" and the subsequent EP Chronic
Town. critics noted that R.E.M.'s music was
great. but to see them live was a different ex-
perience altogether. The band definiter pro-
ved this on “Moral Kiosk." and it gave the
audience a preview of what was in store for
the rest of the night. Mitch Easter's presence
during this song and many other numbers
created a sound which can only be described
as a barrage of Rickenbackers.

After a round of applause from an
energetic and excited audience. the band
broke Into “Catapult.” also from Murmur.
This song featured a booming bass line from
the boyish-looking Mike Mills. and great har-
monied from Mills and drummer Bill Berry to
complement Stripe's croning, Although
Stripe didn't thrash around as much as he
did In last year’s performance at The
Chateau. he still has a truly unique style of
singing He wields the mike stand in such a
way that it appears that it Is his source of
energy. a tool for his craft, He also pounds
away at his chest during many songs, as if to
beat the music out of himself. Watching
Stripe's crazed mmovements and hearing
R.E.M.'s moving music makes people want
to dance. and that's what's relly important.

R.E.M.. minus Easter. next played the first
of eight new songs, an interesting number
which Pete Buck. the guitarist. dubbed “an
experiment in terror." Buck's twangy. lively
Rickenbacker guitar sound is surely reminis-
cent of the sound of the Byrds. but that's
where the comparison ends. While Stripe
plays an excellent frontman. Buck leaps
about the stage with great vigor as Mills purr-
ches out a steady bass line and Berry pounds
a strong brrckbeat. all of which combine to
create the R.E.M. mood.



G

I Mike Mlls

Bill Itcriy

 

Another popular number. "Pilgrimage."
was a perfect illustrationof R Ii M's greatest
strengths. They made the transition from a
brooding. balladlsh atmosphere to a sudden
rush of raging. unabashed power with ap-
parent ease. never irrissing a beat. The mood
of the song doesn't really change. but
R.E.M. has the unique ability to alternate
between mediums in which to express a
similar sentiment “Wolves. Lower” also
elicited a strong reaction fioiri the crowd.
which Is surprising. considering the relatively
limited success the lil’ t.‘hiorrrc Town receiv-
ed.

Surprisingly. R l". M played a number of ‘
old cover tunes. ranging from T Rex's

rocker. "I Wanna Be Your Toy" to the
Mama's and Papa's classic. “California
Dreamin'." The crowd really enjoyed the
oldies. and at various ltines Stripe would ask
for requests. \vltlt'lt showed R If M.'s ver‘
sattllty iii beiiig able to improvise instead of
sticking to a rigid song list Later in the show.
when prompted by a fair. they even did a
rocking version of Blue Oyster Ctilt's “(Don't
Fear) the Reaper." which added sortie
tongue-in-cheek humor to the show.

Dining tiiaiiy of the covers. two girls Join-
ed Stripe on stage for backup vocal support
Tlielr stage antics included fondling and pet-
ting Stripe during the T. Rex song while
Stripe sririled broadly, sarcastically playirrg
up the “rock star" image. To the bemuse-
ment of the crowd. they even did a kickline
routine to the slow ballad “We Walk." from
Murmur. While critics are falling over
themselves tryltig to decipher R.E.M's
seemineg meaningful lyrics. It's evident that
the members of R.E.M. are definitely not
taking themselves too seriously. To see them
live Is to witness pure. unadulterated fun.
When's the last time you saw a band play the
theme song from "Barney Miller?"

Sound And Vision

 

R.E.M. played about 29 songs. and they
looked like they could have played for

:2

while longer after a stirring rendition of their i

last number. "Boxcars (Carnival of Sorts)"
Their energy-packed performance was more
than worth the admission price which. In»
cldentally. has doubled since last year-'5
Chateau gig. ltr addition. concert shirts were
sold. which. along with the increased ticket
price. are indicative of R.E.M.'s much-
deserved growing success. Although almost
every critical review of R.E.M. inevitably iii-
cludes constant comparisons to The Byrds
and fellow Athenians Pylon and the 352's.
R.E.M.'s popularity can only be attributed to
their moving. original sound.

At one point during the concert. Stripe.
arms crossed and smiling. looked out onto
the inediuinsized crowd and declared. "This
is quite a surprise." It was great to see how

'pleased he was with the energetic crowd

reaction. He shouldn't be surprised. because
R.E.M.'s Increased popularity is simply a
case of great music standing on its own
without the usual media hype. No matter
what kind of music you like. if you get a
chance to see R.E.M. perform live. go! You
won't be “sitting stilll' for long. I I

Michael Stipe

Peter Brick

 

 

 

 

 

  

hat’s Up,

Mr. Lawrence?

erry (.Ilrrrstrrrus. Mr Ltltttlt'lit‘t'.
now playing at the Spectrum
Theatre through mid-November. is
an uneven and bizarre frltri irf obsessions
which create tense and provocative
iiiomenls arid also silly ones Based on the
Sir Laurens Van Der I’ost novel. “The Seed
and the Sower." it grltnly recounts life in a
Japanese POW camp in Java dtiriiig 1942

Ken Dornbaum

The film. by Japanese filmmaker Nagisa
Oshitna. is obsessed by iriairy things‘ the
Samurai code of honor. balance arid
homeostasis. homosexuality. violence
(although it is not a graphically violent
movie) and hart-kart (suicide to prevetrt
otte's honor) These themes are expressed
abstractly within the film in many ways: for
example. the obsession of balance In every
scene is captured by the way Oslrirria places
objects iii his shots and how he balances and
pairs characters.

The film. which is shot half in Japanese
and half in English. presents for each British
character a Japanese counterpart who
possesses similar characteristics but reacts
girlie differently to similar circumstances due
to the different values of each culture One
of the most provocative pairings is that of
Major .lack (felliers (David Bowie) with Cap»
tain Yonnr (Ryiiiclri Sakaninto) It is very in
tetesting to note the balance here. too. since
Bowie and Sakainoto are rock stars

Yonoi and Celliers are both arreg men
who are victims of circumstance Yonoi has
,an obsessive interest in Celliers and it is quite
obvious that such interest is more than
platonic. whereas Celliers is obsessed with
rebelling against his captors. It is guesr
tionabkI whether Yonoi has homosexual
feelings for Celliers. This. by the way. is riot
the only place where homosexuality
dominates a scene In the beginning of lltt'
film. a Korean guard is humiliated. and
subsequently forced into hart kari dtie to his
sodornizing of a Dutch prisoner. The film Is
also homosexual in that there is not one
female character in the filtii (save for a very
few extras) '

(.is'hirnrr's obsession with Samurai horror
and Iiari liari are a bit of a problem within the
filirr since he expects that the audience be
familiar \vith Japanese cirltirral codes Such
lack of explanation and subsequent lack of
depth makes the filtri a bewildering ex»
I‘M'lll'lll‘l'.

A major problem with “Merry Christmas.
Mi Lawrence" is its reliance nri trrore than
one character's point of view wrtlrin the film.
In fact. it becomes rather confusing
throughout IIIL' whole film as to who is the
protagonist and who is the antagonist, Such
anarcliv III the filtii reflects Ushima's in~
sistence on the philosophy. "no one is right.
no one is wrong." This experiinenttitinn in

causes the audience to detach itself emor
tionally from the wavering plotllne. Further-
more. this lack of order is inconsistent with
the strict order witlirti the film; Oshima tries
to explore the containing aspects of airy
social order. and most of the film takes place
within a contained area. the POW camp.

Wltlr several character's point of views. the
plolllne takes irii a coiriplexity that Oshima
has trouble handling. The story follows that
Lawrence and his fellow POW's have been
imprisoned and an order of power has been
developed. Such order is interrupted when
the rebellious Celliers arrives at the camp.

Yonoi. the commandant of the camp.
becomes threatened and fascinated by
Celliers who is interned in the sickward to
nurse past injuries. Constantly breaking the
established order. Celliers always finds
himself in face of danger. For example. he
stands in front of a POW who is about to be
executed by Yonoi Yonoi cannot shoot the
prisoner as he will not shoot Celliers,

Technically. the film is quite fascinating
and a bit revolutionary. Oshlnia repeats the
same shots very often. For example. he will
place the camera in a stationary position.
containing the action within a narrow frame.
l‘l is visual ploy creates a feeling of underly-
ing tension and isolattorr within the film.

David Bowie. who gets star billing despite
a supporting role. plays a snldlers's soldier
and perfectionist. Major Celliers. His
presence on screen is both arresting aad
graceful and despite the unevenness of his
part. he manipulates every scene to advan'
tage Bowie is able to display complex emo-
tions in a remarkably plain and direct way
His performance is quite clear aiid very
solid Other performances. however. vary.
Torn Conti. iii the role of Lt. Col. John
Lawrence. has some fine moments. but his
pait is simplistic and he leads a more passive
role In comparison to Bowle's. The two
Japanese leads. 'l‘akeshi as Sgt. Ham and
Sakamoto as \‘onoi are awkward and ob
vioirsly at a disdvantage iii their English-
speaking roles Takeshi tends to get
schmaltzy in Japanese. biit Sakamoto is
fierce and intense and does as fascinating a
job as Bowie.

"Merry Christmas. Mi Lawrence" is a dif~
ficult film as it aspires to i'iitttlllt't too much
'Osliinia tries to suggest that even under such
conditions as a POW camp. hatred is not
bred for individuals and that all the
:character's had respect for each other‘s
human dignity. /\s says Lawrence. “ they
(Japanese) could do nothing individually, so
‘lri-y went triad en rriasse." Such insight is
common throughout the filirr. Irtrt the fortit-
ilatiorr for such observations is mysterious.
making the|iileas of the filiri less credible.

This is a hard filirr to like or dislike as it is so
rilil. However. it does transcend most of the
films produced commercially. and on the

 

 

basis of Buwte's provocative performance. it

multiple points of view fails miserably and ploes statitloutfromthe crowd.

 

 

 

(mew; ‘.- .. ..

‘-u..;.-.-‘M' V -—,w......yr- .

-". s—u. A

 

