  
 

 

 

 

r

 

....18.spoﬂs ALBANY STUDENT PRESS rr NOVEMBER [8.1983

 

Men'swimmers debut with Great Dane Relays

’By Adam Goodman

This Saturday afternoon at
University Gym, the Albany State
men's swimming team will open
their season by hosting the Nth an-
nual Great Dane Relays.

Saturday will also mark the
beginning of the team‘s second

 

season under Head Coach Joe
Shore. Shore is a gradtiate of
SUNYA (class of 'Rl). and was one
of only six_ swimmers in Albany
history to qualify for the NCAA
Championships. After inheriting a
team In disarray after several
coaching changes. Shore guided the

 

Even lhoiigh the Danes lost only
four swimmers to graduation last
year. the team is still extremely
young. of the 35 swimmers on the
squad. only three are seniors. and
ii are freshmen. Due largely in part
to Shore‘s hard work during the of-
fseason. Albany may. in fact. be
blessed with its strongest freshman

  

  

UPS
The Albany State men's swimming team will make their season debut when they host the 14th annual
Great Dane Relays on Saturday at 1:00 pm. The Danes boast possibly their beet freshman class ever.

Danes to an 8-6 mark last year.
. -. . “7.73 ‘ 

 

class ever.

Leading the list of first year
swimmers is Ted Ober from Wapp-
ingers Falls, whose current time in
the loo meter breastroke is under
the current school record. which in-
cidcnlly was set by Coach Shore. tti
fact. his current time for this event
is only two seconds off the time
necessary to qtralify for the NCAA
Championships. a feat that would
place him ariiong Albany‘s swimm-
ing greats.

Another frorri the powerful
freshman pool is sprinter l-‘red
Grecnbaum. "Fred is a real good
sprinter. We're looking for good
things frorn him. He has a ciiririce
of breaking the school record."
said Shore. ()ther newcomers in-
clude frecstyicr Richard Creils.
backstroker Winsrar Kuo. rind
freestyler Jim Wielantl. Another
good prospect is diver Mike Vardy.

Although the freshman class is
the first thing tliat meets the eye
about this team. there is still a solid
group of upperclassmen who will
not only be Shore's riiairi switiitncrs
at this point iii time. but will pro-
vide the necessary experience to
guide the strong. but ltigliiy itttprcsv
sionahlc group of freshmen.

-~Scnior liill Meire and junior
l’rank Parker arc co-citptaitis. “lliil
is in great shape, and is looking
really good." said Shore. llc arid-
cd. "l’rank is the hardest worker on
the team. He will set a great e\arrr-
pie for our younger swimmers.“
Mcire atld ’arker swirii botli the
freestyle and buttcrliy.

Also rettrrliilig l'or Albany are
school record holders .lcff Kett-
ncdyt400 rnctct' individual medley)
‘and Tom liandytlt'iSO rtieter
freestyle).

Saturday. a field ol' l2 strong

learns will visitAlbany for the Great
Dane Relays. Last year. Albany
finished ﬁfth. behind the U.S.
Coast Guard Academy. Vermont.
New Paltz. and arclirival RPl.
Although Coach Shore would cer-
tainly like to get out of the blocks
fast with a good perl‘orrttancc
Saturday. the Relays are basically
just a scrimmage. a chance for
Shore to evaltiate the status of his
top swimmers. as well as psyche his
leairi tip for the upcoming dual
meet season.

Shore's riiaiii goal is for a good
showing in the SlJNYA(‘ (‘lraiii-
pionsliips. which will be licltl from‘
March [-3 in ()swego, l€lcveri learns
qualify for the postseason tourna-
ment, and Albany should easily be
one of them. However. Albany lttts
finished in seventh place lor two
straight seasons. 'l‘lrrce y ‘ttts ago.
Albany enjoyed its finest showing
ever. finishing tltird. That was in
(‘oaclr Shore's senior year. and he
would like tiotlriiig more than to
reach. that mark again with this
young icarii.

l’otstltllri has won the ('ltttitrpiori-
ships for two straight seasons. and
although dethroniiig tlre licars
seems unlikely for the Danes.
equalling their third place finish oi
three years ago is not out of the
qttcslitltl. llic illscttiittl of vibrant
freshman blood into tltc tearrr will
definitely add to the team spirit.
"One thing for sure; we will not
give tip. l'iiis lt'tttll has lots of
spirit." said ()bct'. the top of the
freshman bunch.

The recipe for the '83~'li4 lliL'Il's
swimming team is quite simple. Mi\
trite part strong freshmen class with
two pttrts solid. experienced
veterans. it could turn out to be a
great-tasting season. i i

J V Danes face Albany Pharmacy in 83:84 debut

 

By Dean Chan
ADIIURI/ll.zl.\.¥l.\hl. '

 

As a t‘trst‘ycar coach of Albany St. 1
varsity basketall team. Jim lioland rcali/cs that iii
capacity as a coach is primarily restricted to the role or
a teacher.

"My job is to develop these players for the varsity
team." said Roland. “l'm here to familiarize them
with Doc's (Dick Sauers. coach of the varsity squad)
system. Wins and losses per se are riot that important
in the overall picture; if i can get these guys ready for
varsity. I'll have done my job."

There is no conference to play in. nor will there be
any post-season games for the J.V. tear The satisfac-
tion of winning will have to be enough tor now. “Just
try to tell the players that the victories don't realy mat-
ter." said Doland. "When you get on the court. that
instinct to win just takes over."

The team starts its season with a tournament at
Schenectady Community College this weekend. They
will play Albany Pharmacy tonight, with the winner
going up against the victor of tire Schenectady (‘C-Rl’l
game.

Leading the team will be co-captains Chris Jones
arid Duane (.‘orley. At 6'4". Jones is the tallest player
on the starting. five. "Chris is our most physical
player." said lioland. "As ortr power forward, (‘hris
will have to be tough niider the boards.” Jones will be
taking all thejump-balls because the team doesn‘t real-
ly have a starting center.

Corley. a product of Rensaelaer. will spearhead the
offensive attack front the point guard position.
"Duane runs the offense very well." said Iioland.
“He's a good sltooter who gets everyone going iii lllt
right direction."

Playing the off guard will be 6'2" Andy O‘Connell.
"We'll be looking for itini to score for us." said
Boland. “He‘s a verv good shooter; when teams play a
lone against its. Andy can break it with itis shooting."

At small forward is 6'3" Curtis Oliver. "Curtis
won't overwhelm you if you watch hint play. brrt he

gets the job done." offered lioland. “lie hits the open
shot and can take it to the hoop wcll. Curtis is a solid
learn player who will produce."

t-‘iiling orri the starting five will be 6‘2" swingirran
Kevin Mann. "Kevin is a really good jumper who will
be an asset on tire hoards." Rcbounding might be a
problem for the ccllterlcss starters; Jones is the only

legitimate threat iitider the boards. iioland doesn‘t
agree. “Of those five starters. font oftlicm are going
to be hitting the boards iit all tit "said lloland. “If
we're getting beat badly trnderneatli. l cart always br-
ing in rriy bruisers." Scott Newmann and John Salter.
both standing at 6'4". will provide the needed muscle
down low. I|l think we'll hold our own," said iioland.
“Our kids are tough."

When the team needs sortie speed on the court,
floland will tttrn to 5‘8" Charles Storey. "When i pill
this guy into the game. something will happen." said
Roland. “He is definitely the quickest giry on the
team."

Rounding otrt the team will be forwards John Gore
and Mike Dunn. who is out with an injury; guards
Steve D'Agati and Scott Jankes; and center Gerald
Sweeney. “You call never really tell who's going to be
good at this tirrie of the year.“ said lioland. “So many
tliirtgs can change dtrririg the course of the year."

Defense is a trademark of Doe Sauers' teams;
iloland will try to instill llrat into the freshman squad.
“We’ll be playing rrran-to-man for most of the year."
said lioltind. "I believe that you've got to play man-to-
iiiatt it' you want to win games. We'll be attacking the

"hall quite a bit. using sortie presses arid some traps.

()tir defense isn't ready yet. bill it will get there."

This year's schedule is ttot an easy one; the learn will
have to work to irriprovc on last year's l3<6 record.
Among the tougher learns. Union, West Point arid the
.ltrriior College of Albany will present the stiffest
challenges. The learn will face all three teams on the
road (it also faces Utiioii at iiourc). a fact that's not
lost oil Holand.

“We play twice as ttialiy road games as we do home
games." said lioltind. “That could irtrrt us. since
playng on the road is tough oii freshmen.”

lioland is looking forward to this season for several
reasons. "There's only so llitich you can learn as a
player." said Bolatid. "being a coach is a great learn-
ing experience. especially wiicn you're working under a
knowledgeable man like Doc."

lioland graduated in 1982 frorti ()neonta State where
lie played varsity basketball for three years. “When i
played with ()neonta. I really wanted to beat Albany.
Now I guess it's the other way around. llut l’m not
looking past tonight's game against Albany Pharmacy.
We have the kind of talent where we still have to work
hard to win; they're certainly not going to roll over and
die for as." H

 

 

  -“

 

V

‘ ‘ . urs
rho men'e i.v. basketball team opens lte season at Schenectady
Community College tonight. Tip-oil to 0:30 pm.

2.1. .c.

‘ vs-aw'w‘

 

ﬁrm-1:54;! WM- map-Jars

 

 

 

 

Coming off victories in their first two meets over Skldmore and Russell Sage. 
women's swimming team will host St. Rose tonight at 8:00 pm.

NOVEMBER 18, 1983 C] ALBANY STUDENT PRESS  I 1 9

Women swimmers begin season with two wins

 

By Michael Skolnlclt
I? fill

STAFF W I

 

The Albany women‘s swimming team had
a successful week in which they won their
first two rireets against Skidmore and Rtissell
Sage. Tire score against Skidmorc was ill-56
and 75-60 against Russell Sage.

in the meet with Russell Sage on Tuesday.
the tearrt had no difficulty despite the absence
of four top swimmers. Nancy Smith. a
freshman. won the 500 yard freestyle in a per-
sonal best tirrie of 5.48:49. In addition, she
won the lot) yard backstroke. Wendy Cedar.
another freshman won the 50 yard
backstroke and got nosed out iii the 50 yard
freestyle. Coach Joe Shore noted. " Wendy
hasn't swuln competitively in rtearly two
years lnrt i feel site is rapidlyapproaching liei
old form.“

then Gottlieb liiis been swirrrniing well and
she coritiiiired to impress. winning the 200
yard individual medley in a time of 2.36:34.
Also tttrrritig good performances were Jewel
Rambo. Mary Anne Scliriiidl and Mary Daly.

'l'lre meet against Skldniore. held last
Saturday. was an impressive opening dual
meet for the teatii. beginning with the 200
yard medley. which the Danes won in a time

of 2.06274. The medley team consisted of
Kristine Monahan. Linda Cerky. Carole Elie .
and Gottlieb. Coach Shore was very pleased.
saying. "it was important immediate advan-
tage in points." Overall the tearti captured
first place iii I2 out of to events. an im-
prcsslvc perforriiance by anyone‘s standards.

Additionally. there were many outstanding
individual performances. a sure sign of a
strong team. Smilher won the 100 yard
freester in a school record time of l2.04:82.
('arol Pearl won three individual events. the
50 yard freestyle. iin yard freestyle and the
200 yard freestyle ill times of 26.93. 58.77
and 2:l.‘l.iili. respectively. “it‘s a driving
force to have the other girls cheering and en-
couraging yoti." Pearl said. “it makes you
want to perform beyond your limitations.
the s-ason is young. btrt i feel we have the
poterttial to be a top learn.”

Up next for the squad is a tireet tonight at
home against the College of St. Rose. Coach
Shore is confident that his swimmers are
ready to rrieet the challenge arid can exceed
his expectations. "So far the times have been
very good altd otrr new swiinrirers have per—
formed exceptionally well. if we coirtiniie otir
good performances we should be a force to
be reckoned with,“ he said. 5 r'

Cagers take on Saint Rose to tip off campaign

lly Mark gard

.\‘ I'rll F “W

 
 

 

it all begins toriiorrow night for the Albany
State women's basketball t 'am. as they open
rrp llteir l983-84 campaign at the College of
St. Rose.

The gatiie signals the start of a lottg and ar-
duous 24-gamc season. in which the women
cagch are looking to qualify for post-season
play.

The First-ever worrtcn's SUNYAC is set tip
in the following manner: the r are five learns
in built the Eastern alld Westcrm Divisions of
tlic SUNYAC. And with the top four learns
in eaelt division making the playoffs, Albany
has an excellent opportunity to qualify. The
Duties itad a superb year in 1982-8} tttidcr
Head Coach Mari Warner. coriipiiirrg a l4~(r
record.

For the second straight year. Albany will

 

SPORTS BRIEFS

Upcoming events

The men‘s basketball season here at
SUNYA gets triiderway tonight with the
(‘apitnl District Tip-()t'l' lournruneirt held
this year here at University (iyiir. lltc tlpcll~
ing garlic at (rail) will pit dcfcirdirig clrrrni-
pion Urriorr against Rl’l. while the (treat
Danes host L‘L'NY at 8:15... l'lrc women‘s
basketball team visits Saint Rose tomorrow
night in their season opener til (i:t)t)
pitt..."flie men's j.v. basketball team llil\t'l\
to Schenectady ('oriilntitrity ('ollcge for the
SCC Championships. beginning with a
game against Albany l’irtiririacy tonight at
6:30 pni...'flre women's swimming and divs
ing teatri has a ironic rncct tonight at 8:00
prir against the College of Saint Rosc...'l‘lrc
men's swimming and diving tearir trpcris
their season by hosting the (ircat Dane
Rel-“Vs tomorrow afternoon beginning at
[:00 plii...'l‘he men's cross country tearii is
leaded to Virginia to compete iii the
NCAAs this weekend.

Racquetball club

All Albany State racquetball elirb has
been i'orrlted under the direction of Garret
Thompson. the club's president. 'i'lioinpson
is a four-time Nationals competitor.

The Purpose ol' the cltrb is to give players
here at SUNYA a chance to improve their
skills. Players of all levels are welcome, and
the clttb is still open and looking for new
members.

Tcnm practices are held twice a week. In
the team's first match of the year. Albany
was beaten by RP] 8-3 this past Wednesday
ill the Court Club in Colonic.

A“l’Ont: itilcrested iii joining the eirrb
‘

 

opeti tip their season against St. Rose. Arid
for the secolid straight year. the Danes must
contain CSR's Deantt Grceo.

Green potrrcd ill 27 points to lead St. Rose
to a 60-52 victory over Albany right here at
University Gym last season. The Danes must
contaitt Grcco iti order to win. "She shoots a
lot froiii the outside." commented Assistant
Coach Patti lieckcr. “She has a very good
percentage shot from there. We'll be looking
oitt for her."

Albany met St. Rose again in last year's
Capital District ’l‘ournanrcnt. This little the
Great Daties came away with a 57.49 victory
that eitablcd tlicrti to get to the finals of tire
tournament. which they everrtttally won.

The Danes have been preparing for St.
Rose this clitirc week. On Wednesday. the

 

should contact 'lhoiirpsoii oi i'liert lit-
Igcrald. the club's secretary.

Bowling results

in the ('tipittrl District ('ollcgratt- llouliut:
('oitlcietrce last night the .'\ll‘.lli) irrcrr‘s A
terrrii bcat Sierra it) on it forfeit. l)t‘li|il\
llcititl led tiic riicri with .r 57!) series tur
eluding gtttttcs oi lit and 201i, (ilerlrr
(ililtlillrlll also rolled a 5m series.

l‘hc Albany rrierr's li lCttlll split its intras-
qrrad sctittilltttgc against Albany‘s (' tctttn
2-2.

the Albany women's A team ltlsl to the
(‘ollcge ol Saint Rose .‘i-l. The women‘s I!
team was sllllltllll by Albany lirrsiitcss ('oi-
legc 4-0.

Track sign-up

Mctr interested in signing up for the
Albany State truck and field tcairi must at-
Ietid one of two iiitcrcst triectiligs to be held
on Monday. November 2i and I'trcsday.
November 22 at 5:00 pill in room [23 at
University (iyrn, Those coming ottt for the
tearrr must get a physical at the Student
Health Service. Any questions should be
addressed to Coach Munsey. roorri Jltr at
the gyrii. lelcplrone 457-75H5.

$2 admission

Admission to this weekend's Capital
District basketball tournament will be $2
for each night. SUNYA lD cards will be in-
valid. as all proceeds raised go toward the
funding of the tournament.

team had an intrasquatl scrimmage that
“went pretty well." according to lieekct.
"We did alot of things we will do against St.
Rose."

Yesterday, Warner arid her staff were out
scouting their opening day opponents.
Tomorrow. the preparation all comes into
focus as the women cagcrs begin their quest

toward the SUNYACs.

FAS'I' BREAKS: Game time against St. Rose
is ill 6:00pm...llome opener is Tuesday ver-
sus RPI...An example of Albany’s tough
schedule: all four SUNYAC East Conference
games are on the road. It will not be until
next year when the Danes play each Eastern
Division team twice. once at home and once
on the road. [3

 

 

“-4” ~

 

 

aw» rt~rrnm

  
 

e...”
__ means-40M

 

 

 

 

In UARUWGN UP8

The Albany State women's beeketbatl team will open their 24-9eme uaeon Satur-
day night agelnet the College of Saint Role on the road. Game time to 0:00 pan.

