 

mﬂnm'utntb

$3771

Lit;

-;,__»_~_

 

8a sound & which

A Memorable Trace

ate Nelllgan has established

herself as a quality actress with

such critically acclaimed perfor‘
inances as Theresa Racquin (PBS) and Eye
of the Needle. Her reputation is further
enhanced by her dynamic perfoririance in
2ilth Century Fox's Without A Trace.
Nelltgan plays Susan Selky. a Colutnbta
tirrireistty English professor whose life is
drastically changed with the disappearance
of her six-yearold sort. This is iro ordinary
woman character Susan Selky is irr-
ieiligent. witty. and determined to hold on
to her tropes Site is a modem heroine.

Megan Gray Taylor

Alex Selky set off for school one day.
arid does not come back it is no ordinary
more on the part of his mother to let him
walk alone. rather a reasonable step
toward maturity for this biight little boy it
could happen to anyone. but il happens to
‘w‘trsaii Selky

Wrtlroirt A Trace marks producer
Stanley .iaffe's (Kramer vs Kramer) direc-
torial debut lle succeeds lit drawing
Susan in shades. trot primary colors. and
the film. ratliet tliair being an eriiotroital
terrr-ierkei Is a credible portrait of one
woman's courage lit the faccI of over-
whelnitirg odds The screenplay was
adapted by lletlr (ititt‘lreon. front her
book. Still Missing (‘iutcheon cred is her
reading of Anne Morrow Lindbergh s 1 four
a] Gold. flour o/ Lead. with considerable
inspiration. There is a gripping sense of
reality throughout this lilin. adding to its
success.

Judd llirsch. who won an academy

rink and File is another group
beriefittrrg from the “Urban
Cowboy" popularity of country
music Artists like Willie Nelson. limmy
Lou Harris and Kenny Rogers have
secured a place on top 40 stations while
groups like Alabama are sweeping not only
the Country Western awards but a He
Grammtes. ~_

Gail Merrell

Manhattan's Lone Star Ctr/e (which
opened in 1977) paved the way for other
specialty clubs and gave the Sound air play
With its weekly radio show broadcast to littfi
stations These clubs have become so
popular that it's not iirrcoriirrroii to find a
local place to learn the Texas Two Step.
the Cotton-Eyed Joe. the Texas l’olka oi
the Cowboy Waltz. Country has come to
include country, traditional. Hlttlttj baird.
blue-grass. blues. roclca-billy. New
Orlean's Rhythm and Blues. just about all
lorrns of American rnusrc.

The secret to country's cross-over suc-
cess has a lot to do with Willie Nelson. The
music became acceptable when Willie.
Waylon Jennings and the whole 'l‘exas-
based outlaw movement took off in the
niid~7li's. That's because Willie. that
lovably wierd hippie. has always been play»
ing a coriibinatiir of country and lolkvrock.
His albums don't bring country to the pop-
rock audience. he takes the audience back
to the country. And wltile Willie does this
lit the realm of the pop culture. lt’nnk dnd
File are working the other side of the high
way. taking country to the pop sun-culture.

l)ori't be fooled by Rank and life's iden~
tiflcation here. They are not a run of the
mill country band. They play a patchwork
quilt of country-western/hiriiky‘tonk/pop-
rock music tightly woven with a bright
sense of humour. Rank and life's
allegiance to the country-western sound is
evidenced by their adopted Austin. Texas
borne. On their debut album "Sundown".
rhythrrrheavy strains sneak their way
through the alhurir and are undoubtedly
the fall-out from the. lirmk's service in thLl
Nuns and the Dils. two California punk
bands Meanwhile the distorted. Sex-Pilots
type rhythm maintains a galloping beat

 

r l
 ‘y

r
L’ r

 

  

 

throughout the album The guitars range

 

award nomination for his role as the
psychiatrist in Ordinary People. plays the
sensitive and compassionate Detective Al
Meiietli. who is assigned to investigate the
disappearance of young Alex. Hirsch's

Pulling Rank

Nefligari, Dukes and Hirsch. A triunrplierate of talent in Without A Trace

  

character is pulled into the drama of the
situation by the realization that it could
have just as easily been one of his kids. and
the actor's ‘everyman‘ quality draws us in
too. Hirsch is able to let his audience inside

 

 

froin twnngy and fluent a la Buddy Holly.
to mean. pickiir'. you-think-it'Sur-barrjo»
butril's-rrot riffs. Meanwhile. the vocals are
smooth fiverly Brothers harmonies Chip
Kinnian's tenor and brother Tony's yodel
equipped baritone lighten tip that heavy.
boiirrg rhythm. Chip's got a great pop
voice while Tony goes low enough to meet
Johnny Cash's drawi. but understandably
lacks Johnny's kingly quality The band's
range of appeal is so broad that they‘ve

been able to open for a variety of groups. ‘

from roots rockers like The Blasters to the
new<wave tribalists lloiu Wow Wow.

The lyrics aren't your typical country
fodder. in "I Went Walking". Tony Kiiiman
is strolling through St. Marks Place when

 

he should be kicking tumbleweeds in

Rank and File. Four [leach Boys playing in the country.

 

I Arizona. in “Amanda Ruth". Chip is late
for his date. then takes her to a reggae club
where he “couldn't wipe the white off of
(his) feet." in “Tire Conductor Wore
Black". the Kinmans satirize the usual
I'ltlltt'-0Il-lltl5‘ll(!l‘t2-l|’i|lii'bUllllLl‘lOl“
wherever songs. All of the typical people
are aboard: a general. the brakeman. a
family man and his kin. But there's a twist
to the plot. this train is bound for hell.
These boys play with a stacked deck. but
who cares if they're cheating They take an
old sound and update it with 1980 lyrics.
glvlrrg many of these songs a welcome face
lift.

Rank and File's self-titled song is by far
the. pick of the litter. it kicks off with a few
seconds worth of “Dixie”. and rolls into
mouth-spitting singing that's faster than

 

 

 

his feelings. a rare and convincing quality.
A credit to the director and screenwriter Is
that they give us enough Insight Into
Menettt to make him a full person. not a
one-dimensional stereo-type.

it is also interesting. that for once. the
police are not portrayed as guns-ablazlng
cowboys. rather there is a real sense of the
kind of police work involved in this kind of
nvestlgatlon. As Nelllgan's friend Jocelyn
(played by Stockard Charming) points out. .
“All they do is run around with pencils and
notepads asking questions." Channiiig's
performance Is a bit too glib. for a good
friend. and it was difficult to tell if the script
was written that way. or her facial expres-
sions exaggerated the effect.

Although Nelligair and l’lirsch are the
backbone of this film there are fine perfor-
mances by David Dukes (Winds 0/ War) as
Selky's estranged husband. who. among
others. is suspected of the abduction.
Daniel Bryan Corkill plays young Alex
Selky. a precious child. well cast to elicit
sympathy.

Jaffe takes an almost docuirrentary ap-
proach to filming the events leading up to
the child's disappearance. and this clean-
cut approach keeps this fllrn crisp
throughout. Jack Nitsclre's music. as usual.
is subtle but effective.

Witlmut A Trace, like Sophie's Choice.
shows that there are still strong roles for
women. that a woman does not have to fall
apart. or lean on a man. to be the focus of
a film. These are good roles. riot portraits
of mindless sex objects.

Jaffe shines in his new role as director.
Nelligan flashes in her best role to date. and
Hirsch reflects an honesty that seems to in~
habit all his characters. Well worth

seeing. l l

 

most hardcore screainers are capable of
emitting. The song is like a train ride; it
chugs along at an even pace. gets faster
(and punkler). then suddenly slows down.
presumably to let a cow cross the tracks. As
we accelerate. a harmonica mimics the
sound of a train whistle; it seems to get
nearer and nearer. then suddenly fades off
into the distance. And on board is a sixties
pop band who fills In the sound whenever
the noise from the engine. begins to wane.

Although "Sundown" has diversity.
humour and style. the one thing it hasn't
got is the power to entertain its for two full
sides. Half of the songs are too long and
the lyrics don’t maintain their enthusiasm. I
think the Ranks sum it tip very well when
they say you "can't fry a chicken in a
microwave range." l..l

 

 

 
 

 

“it.

 

wo recent developments In the
newspaper business trad me

entertaining a thought or two.

about the nature of this column. Unfor-
tunately. the thoughts were barely amused.
and left before the second act. (Sorry. but
I‘ve been reading a lot of Sn]. Perelman
lately.) The first development was that of
the Knickerbocker News's Campus Edition.
Copies of which appeared In campus
machines at the beginning of the semester.
and. from the look of things. haven't gone
anywhere since. The campus Knicle real-
ly the old Knick in chic clothing. including a
snazzy colored banner on page one arid an
"On Campus" section on page five. That's
where you'll find an events calendar.
round-ups of local college activity by stu-
dent jourirallsts. and from five to ten cam-
pus related articles.

The second development was an article
in Sunday's Parade magazine: Hank Whit-
temore's assessment of today's college
students. Arrested development ls more
like it. as Whittemore's article added little to
a growing list of articles and editorials
which have conceded that rather than be
ing the apathetic. career-oriented tools
they appear to be. today's college students
may be. iirore than ever. "aware. realistic.
and filled with idealistit." Twenty years
after his own graduation. Wliitteirrore
returned to the campus of his alma mater
~— Noti'e Dame 7- and there found
students “pragmattcally idealistic." dealing
positively with questions of race and sex.
debating an arliiiirable diversity of issues.
and facing economic realities much earlier
than the students of the His had to

Although heavy on cliches and “so what
else is new" gerrerali/atioris ("There has
been a return to fraternities and
‘ sororities. and general partying is again a
big part of college life"). Whitteiiiore's was

-- a pleasant enouin piece. and probably an

influential one: market studies have shown
that every single person in the US. who
doesn't get the Sunday Times reads l’orode
from cover to cover. Of course that's not

.Arlie’s

ho and where are America's
women playwrights? At this nice
merit. the work of one of
America's fittest can be seen at the Univer-
sity Lab Theatre: Marsha Norman's Getting

5 ‘ Out. The play. which has won critical ac~

iclalm nation wide. is the story of Arlene
.and Arlie. one person at two different times

' r of her life. Arlene returns to a rundown

 

  

 

 

.apartment after serving 8 years in prison for
__everything from prostitution to murder.
Juxtaposed to the events of "out. are the
events of her past. her childhood horrors.
~ gher prison days. represented by the. per-
sona of Arlte.

‘ Megan Gray Taylor

 

. We meet the guards and prison officials
‘ ‘with whom Arlie waged a running battle;
‘ her unfeellng mother; the pimp exiover;

I, lithe prison guard who wants her. and

‘ Arlene's new found friend. Ruby. The con-
trast of past and present is brought to life by
[We actresses portraying Artie. and Arlene.
often on stage at the satire time. This is not
an optomtstlc ‘getting out.’ there are no
guarantees. and the temptations to return
to the old way of life are always present.
The PAC'S prodttclioir showcases the
most talented young actress I have ever
seen cross their boards. Leesa Markbreiter
‘ plays Artie. the tormented. violent. scared.
and strorrngtlled essence of Arlene‘s past.
Her performance commanded attention
, from her first appearance til the fade-out.
The i'ole requires a convincing portrayal of
a child of ten or eleven. sexually abused by
her father. dented affection from her
mother. as well as the hard-asset] 25 or 2h
year old Arlte as she was in prison. ready to
kill anyone who crossed her. Markbreiter
seemed frilly in command of all these
aspects. and her rapid shift of mood and
age was flawless. She is a sophomore
theatre major in her first major role. and l

 

 

 

true. but Parade's circulation is gargantuan.
and it does serve as a fairly accurate mirror
of middle American ideas and concerns.
Both Whittemore's article and the cam-
pus Kriick are fairly positive contributions
about and for today's 10.5 million
undergrads. and probably indicative of a
growing acceptance by establishment
editors that today's college students are as
newsworthy as their '605 counterparts.
Which brings me back to those thoughts of
urine: if college news is moving back on to
the news pages (as opposed to the sports
pages. where it never moved off). their

day's college student. First of all. l'm afraid
the task might be a limited (and limiting)
one. God forbid no one publishes an article
about an undergrad one week. or that I
want to review Cheers when my column
has a logo like “The University Press" (cat-
chy. no?).

So we'll leave things as is for a while.
with a prointse that we'll keep our eyes
open for what's being written about us and
by whom. in the meantime. we'll keep try-
ing to entertain as many readers. and
thoughts. as possible.

 

State-wide coverage of the budget battle and nation-
wlde coverage of student-activism are Just two
examples of college concerns in the media. and likely
subjects for close scrutiny. Even recent complaints
about S.A.'s Student Voice would be fodder for a
column.

 

maybe that very press coverage needs to
be examined. quite possibly on a weekly
basis. My obvious inspiration is Alexander
Coclrburti's "Press Clips" column in the
Village Voice. Cockburir is a rather snotty
British-born leftist who keeps weekly tabs
on doings at the major and riot-stririajor
news factories. and relishes one rival's
description of his work as setting "a new
standard of gutter joiiriiallsrri in this coun»
try." (in that case. a similar column tniglit
fit in well with the rest of this newspaper. a
lot of you student government types are
probably thinking.) Stale-wide coverage of
the budget battle arid nation-wide coverage
of student activism are just two examples of
college, concerns in the media. and likely
subjects for close scrutiny. liven recent
complaints about 5 A.'s Student Voice
would be fodder for a column.

Rut l'm reluctant to commit myself to a
column dedicated to press coverage of to-

tory A

The role of Arlene is played by Mary
Libertucci a senior who has been seen in
such PAC productions as Bernardo Alba.
and The Bakkhui. Libertucci had some of
her strongest moments in the second act.
when she left behind a jerky and rather
constrained pattern of movement. and
really got into her role. Her monologue in
which she recounts the ‘killtng of Arlie' was
an incredibly moving moment played
beautifully off Sandra Sloane as the new
friend Ruby.

Arlene is escorted to her new 'home' by
a former prison guard. Bennie. played by
Clifford Ammon. The role requires just
enough mix of vicious pig and genuine
emotion to make him threatening and yet
sympathetic. Like Libertucci. Arnmon's
strongest moments came in the second act
when the more emotional side of the
character comes out. Ammon. a veteran of
off-Broadway and the New York
Shakespeare Festival. was well in com-
mand of the role.

This play offers excellent supporting per-
formances by Barbara Harris as the doctor.
and Mark Normandin as the escaped-
corivict. ex-lover. pimp. Carl. Nor'mandin
succeeds in inaktng you really irate this
character. although at times. his gesturing
is a bit overblown. Sandra Sloan. as Ruby.
has a naturalism on stage many veterans
would envy. Lori Kohri plays Arlene‘s
mother. Unforttrrir’rtely. Kohn's perfor-
mance lacks Strbtllity. She. is continually at a
high pitch antagonism with Arlene giving
on depth to the character and subsequently
weakening Ar'lle's reriiinisceirces.

Getting Out is directed by Jerome
llariley. a member of the Theatre Depart-
ment since 19bit. This superb play and alot
of natural talent witlrtir the theatre corn-
murrtty gave him alot to work with and he
has clearly taken advantage of it. Tire set
and lighting were designed by Robert Don-
nelly. also a member of the Theatre
Department faculty. The set design is
critical to the smooth flow of the play's ac-

 

Certairrly college~related is the praise
which continues to be sung for adjunct pro-
fessor and novelist Williaiir Kennedy's
Albany cycle. The Book ril‘llit‘ Month
Club has expressed interest. while the
Village Voice lists both Legs aiul lrtltttttt't'd
among the top ten sellers in select New
York City bookstores Mark (Ialrlwell's
February bl review was typical in dest ribirrg
Kennedy‘s writing as "carving ttltlt rrgettahle
irioriients ftorrr what at first seems the ir-
redeeniiably trivial " But it deserves rireir-
tiorr here for its delightful description of
Albany. which lit tiiiri deserves to be
ieprirrted in full:

“Albany has been around since lirtttt when
Henry Hudson bypassed Mairlrattan to plant a
for trading post there it's been ttttt by the
Dutch. the linglish. and the Irish. trrlrabrted by
trappers. Indians. soldiers. burghers. fairrrets.
canal workers. and bureaucrats lt's known

every loriri of government from Virtual liefdom

llCC€SS

    

 

\

 

\ ‘ :
,l,ibertucci (felt) and Murkliit'iter (right) » a dynamic duo in Norman's Getting Out

sound I vlllon 9a

Andy Carroll: Notes From Underground

under the Dutch patrouns to an old-fashioned
and still surviving ward-beefing Democratic
inachttre (maybe not all that much difference).

“Albany has always been a city turned in on
itself. largely indifferent to the rest of the coun-
try. and not seriously intimidated even by the
iiearriess of New York. Most small cities pride
tlrerrisulves on their down-home friendliness;
compared with the civic rudeness Albanians
cultivate. the Fulton Fish market exudes
Southern charm Other state capitals boast of
clean streets and parks designed by child
psychologists Albany specializes In ftltliy bars
and llerrulearr whores. like the immortal Terri
Towne of my youth. who. in a famous wrestling
riratctr. pinned not one but simultaneously two
members of my high school football team to t|.e
floor of a tavern cunt-brothel on Green Street
lilsewheie. little old ladies wear flowered print
dresses. in Albaiiy they wear athletic sucks. a
rustoin still rurreirt the last time i visited. The
local accent is a vile dead-end sneer ("Albany."
for instance. is ‘i-tltl "Awbny" -— just try to pro-
nounce that wrtli a winning smile).

“.Jo wiry would thlrani Kennedy want to
write about such a grotesque place. arnl not just
I” one novel but in -t cycle of three?”

Not related to college at all is the saga of
boxing heavyweight and bouncer Randall
"Tex" (Tohh. who survived a irrround
beating by Larry Ilolrries last November.
(‘olib was vacationing in New Zealand. the
New York Times reported Wednesday.
when tlu.I vehicle he was driving overturn-
ed ori a gravel road l’lts fiance's descrip»
tinn of the accident only proves how silly all
the debate about safety precautions in box-
ing is "Randall's head lrit the road. the
windshield and the roof before it
disintegrated litrt when we got to the
hospital. they asked him how long he was
unconscious. lie was never out: he wasn't
even diuy."

lioy. can that titan take a blow to the
head! His fiance didn't mention. however.
the fine work by the New Zealaiid medical
team which pieced Cobb's disintegrated
head back together. i i

 

 

tiotr. permitting easy transition from past to
present. while allowing the audience to
focus on one scene at a time without
distraction. This was fully accomplished. l
was often unaware of the continued
presence of Arlte. because lighting and set
led my attention so completely to the ‘pre-
sent' with Arlene.

Arlene is a woman struggling for her life
against incredible odds. Her story is told
with honesty and compassion. We have no
choice put to empathize with her as she sits
huddled on the floor eating pickle loaf.
unable to see beyond the moment.

This outstanding PAC production
should not be missed. As part of the
Women in American Theater Conference.

new-«mu .. m r -v

 

it is an excellent example of the new
ground broken by American Women
playwrights Marsha Norman has won
several awards for her playwriting. and this
play will show you why.

Also of note. this Saturday (February
Both) in the PAC Recital Hall. there will be
a Faculty Showcase Concert. The concert
will feature many SUNYA faculty including
Randall Ellis (oboe). lrviir Gllrnan (ﬂute).
Marjorie l‘lartzell (harp). all members of the
Albany Syirrphony. as well as such familiar
faces as Findlay Cockrell (harpsichord) and
David Jairower conducting. The members
of Albany Pm Musica will also participate.
The concert Is free to SUNYA students
with ID. I]

 

won": laminar-ms.

 

one Coma-r MHDm‘um)

Lame--

 

i m. tow-um“.

 

 

