STATEWDE
‘  as:

 

State cuts delayed

Albany
(AP) Gov. Mario Cuomo announced Thurs-
day that 7,587 layoff notices will be sent to
state workers on Friday.

However. Counto said tltat instead of tak-
ing effect on April l as earlier planned. the
firings would be effective "at tile close of
business" on April 7.

Tlte extra week on the job was agreed to by
Cuomo after leaders of the state's two largest
public employee rtnions said sotne state
workers would be treated unfairly iftlte April
I date were used.

The union leaders poirtted out that because
the state pays sortie of its workers one week
arid sortie the next. extra vacation credit earn-
ed becatrse of raises wlticlt were to take effect
April l wottld not be availtrble to many ol'tlte
laid off workers wlio were sclredttled to be
piiid April 7.

Death bill vetoed

Albany
( \l’) (iov. Mtir io Cuomo vetoed a bill Thurs-
day desigttetl to restore tltc dcallt penalty in
New York state after a two-decade absence.

“I do not believe tltat resportdittg to
violeitce witlt tiolencc or dcatlt is tht
answer." Cuomo wrote iii a tttessage accom-
panying the veto. ltis first as governor.

The state Assembly‘s clticf deatlt penalty
advocate. Assettthlymnn Vincent (irabcr.
D-Eric. ltas already admitted that he cattrtot
rtttrster the tilt) votes need irt that
lSt)-mcmber. Democratie-controllcd Itouse
to override Cironto's veto.

NY could lose hydro

il’usliinglun, I). (1
(AP) Fears of irtdttstrial shutdowns lit
Westcrrt New York are likely to irtcrcasc iii
the wake of a rtrling tltat cottld divert cltcap
Niagara Falls ltydropower to brrycrs in five
ri‘earby states.

The Power Authority of the State of New
York has taken by surprise late Wednesday
when the Federal [Energy Regulatory Corri-
mission disclosed that an administrative
judge ltad ruled irt favor of out~of-staters.
who complained that New York was keeping
more than its share of the power.

I’ASNY will ltavc to sell l8ti megawatts of
“firm” Niagara power to wholesalers in
Ohio. Pennsylvania. Connecticut.
Massachusetts and Vermont. if it‘ERC
upholds the ruling by Administrative Judge
George P. Lewnes. l’ASNY now sells 145
megawatts to buyers iii Ohio. Pennsylvania
and Vermont. giving riotliiitg to
Massachusetts aitd Connecticut.

Fink proposes tax

rl Ibo/iv
(AP) State Assembly Speaker Stanley l-'ink.
D-llrooklyn. proposed Thursday that
lawyers and other professionals pay sales
taxes on the fees they charge clients.

The Fink proposal would raise. he claim-
ed. at least $350 million annually for the state
arid help restore program crrts and avert state
worker layoffs called for by Gov. Mario
Cuomo in his proposed $3l.52 billion state
budgeL

2 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS t! MARCH”. I983 '

The sales tax expansion. as planned by
Pink aides. would apply to fees charged by
lawyers. engineers. architects. accountartts
and some consultants.

Under current thinking. the sales tax
wouldn‘t apply to doctor‘s fees or fees charg-
ed by Stockbrokers and other financial con-
sultants.

NATIONWIDE

‘3

is.

 

“King” aided feds

New York

Leroy “Nicky” Barnes. lite dope king who
once laughed at the law. helped federal
authorities build narcotics attd murder cases
against nine former associates. officials said
Thursday. As a result. said US Attorrtey
John S. Martin Jr authorities had in
custody all six rrrctitbc 'of “The Council" —
art underworld botiy that allegedly controlled
heroin dealings iii Manhattan. the ltronx attd
Brooklyn.

“The Council" allegedly ordered and car-
ried otrt tttttrdcrs of those who posed a threat
or were suspected of informing. it also
allocated heroin and sales territories. accor-
ding to the charges.

liarncs. Martin disclosed. had already
pleaded guilty to tire racketeering charge arid
had admitted membership oit “ The
Council."

Alleged members of "The Council" who
were arrested Thursday ittclttdcd (irty

l'ltoutas l’isltci'. 35. of Manhattan; Thomas

 

 

Forrnan 36. of Far Rockaway. Queens;
Elmer Morris. 39. of Ttrckaltoc; Robert
Wlteclings 28. and Kenneth Thomas. 34.
both of the Bronx; and Leon Batts.29. of
Manhattan. and Samuel Jones. 4|. of
Bergenfield. NJ. who is also known as lsrael
Moltammed. The two previously arrested
were identified as Frank Alphonse James. of
llergncl’ield N.J.. attd Wallace Rice of Mount
Vernon.

The nine are cltargcd with being members
of a narcotics distribution conspiracy which
provided major dealers with a monthly cache
of between 25 and30 kilograms of ltiglt quali-
ty heroin befwccn 1973 and l977.

EPA gets new chief

Washington, D. C.

(AP) John W. Hernandez .lr.. taking the
ltelnt ill the btittcrcd Environmental Protec-
tiort Agcrtcy. is vowing to "get this agetrcy
back to work" by restoring public confidence
and reviving employee rriorale.

llcrnandcl. a former college professor
who has spertt two years iii the No. 2 job at
lil’A. spent his first day as rtctirtg ad-
initrislrator 'l‘lturs‘day.

“I hope everyone will understand how
slrottgly i feel about tltc compelling necessity
to return tltis agency to its one arid only
job...to crtsurc all Americans of a safc aitd
ltealtlty cttvirorrtrtent.‘I llernattdcr said irt a
brief statement to reporters.

“l irttcrtd to begin immediately the task of
restoring the ptibiic‘s faith in wltat l ltavc
always maintained is rttt exceptional agency."
lie said.

 

 

the problem.

not confuse this with german measles

cine was given 1963-1967.

 

 

 

National health authorities have stated that the "

possibilit for far 9 sc to
transmission of measles will exist for the next several wealts as a gesultaol
measles outbreaks on the Indiana and other college campuses. The advent of
spring vacations with large groups of students convening at resorts increases

 

 

Measles (rubeola) Is a serious disease in the cells
98 age student with
neurological complications more comrrton at this age than in younger cases. Do
(rubella). if you know you have had th
disease (measles) as documented by an MD. or if you know for sure you had llv:
measles vaccine allert year of age. you need not be concerned unless that vac-

To minimize the threat to SUNYA students the Student He
. alth Service is o -
lng free measles immunizations. Any student who questions his immune sta'iiirs

should report to the Student Health Service in person as 500
n as ossibi
regular haurs 8:30 am. to 4:30 pm. Monday through Friday. Margh 1443‘!”an

Social security OK’d

li’rrs/tinglon, I). ( ‘,
(AP) in a move that would affect virtually
every American. the House has passed a
$l65.3 billion plan to rescue Socail Security
by imposing higher payroll taxes. embing
benefits and raising the retirement age from
65.
By a 282448 vote Wednesday night. the
House sent the measure to the Senate. where
the ﬁnance committee was expected to “Trip
tip work on its version of the package itttlav,
The fttll Senate is expected to vote ttext week,
Senate Majority Leader Howard it. link...
Jr.. R-Tenn.. expressed confidence runny
that the Senate would quickly pass legislation
similar to that adopted by the l-loruc_

WORDWDE
 c S:

Salvador aid asked

        

li’rrs'ltnrgton. I),( j

(Al’)Wltltottl mentioning the “dump...
theory" by ttatttc. President Rortald Rcrrrznn
said the defeat of iii Salvador would hurt! to
the fall of otltcr countries in the region

Calling for increase-id security ttssislntrcc
funds for the crttbattlcd nation. llre \\‘lrru-
House today sent rt package to ('onyit- .. ir-
tpteslittg $lli) million irt additonal lllllllrtt)
assistance.

Reagan proposed that $60 million ut litt'
irtcrcased aid be takcrt from motley illltlt.llr'il
l'ot‘c worldwide military assistance prot'rurrh
attd he spent on trtilitary ll'itlllltli! tor the
Salvrrdoriatts. In addition. ltc said ltc would
ask Congress to reallocate to H Salsrrrlor Wt
million from a supplemental tt|1|tttt|ttt.t|toii
bill already pcttdittg on (‘apitol llill.

Meanwhile. a senior administration of
I'icial. speaking on condition that he “Ill be
identified. told reporters at a White Ilousc
briefing that “this is the package the prc-r
tlettt thinks will do tlte job.“ lint, littltltltr‘
ottl the possibility that Reagan \tonhl \L't‘l.
more aid later. he said that “it lltctc r. .tlt
escalation on the other side. we‘ll hate it ncu
situation.

The official said that lltc number ol t‘.\.
rrriiitary advisot's scttt to Iii Salvador pro
baltly will depertd on whether Congress t'ttt's
the administration all the aid it is seeking.

USSR called “evil”

Washington, ll.t '.
(AP) When it comes to the Soviet tlrrron.
President Reagatt secs tltings itt black .illtl
white. “Tltcy are the focus of evil in tire
rrtodcrtt world.” ltc told a cortvcrttiorr of
cvartgclieal Christians in Orlando. Fla.
Reagan's l‘irc-and-brimstone speech ltlt'sr
day was something of a rebuttal to recent
criticisrrts of administration policy by clttttclt
officials. notably tltc Rorrtart Catholic
hicracity. lrt denouncing the Kremlin in lrttt
damentalist lCl’lilS. Reagan also was ptttltnitlt
signaling the New Right that he hasn't lt'.lll\
clrattgcd since assuming Barry Goldwater's
' ' ive nrantlc ttcarly 20 years ago
Coirscr latich ltad cause for dorrbt \tlillt‘
arms control aides Eugene Rostow and Paul
Nitzc were sounding otrt the Soviets on a pair
tial cutback irt nuclear weapons irt l-irrropc
attd while R again was strengthening ties l\l|lt
China. possibly at the expense of Taiwan.

 

 

 

'PREgI

 

“Public Places. Public Art" will be
the subject of a talk on Wednesday.
March 16. by Dr. Daniel Robbins. at
the opening of the filth Annual Ar-
tist Lecture Series at 8 p.m.. in
Meeting Room 6 on the concourse
of the Empire State Plaza.

The lrleh Club is holding a meeting
on Tuesday. March 15. at 7 p.m.. in
CC 375.

The Capital District Genealogical
Society will hold his monthly
meeting on Saturday. March 12. at 1
p.m.. tn the Main Auditorium of the
Albany Public Library. 161
Washington Ave.. Albany. Shirley

EW OF E
are  W

EN TS
Jami?

   

m m .

Dunn will speak on ways of using
land records to find genealogical in-
formation.

A physics colloquium entitled "Re-
cent Advances in the theory of im-
purities and Defects in Semicon-
doctors," will be presented by
Sokrates T. Pantelldes, on Friday.
March 11, at 3 pm. In PH 129.

,

Fuorza Latina la sponsoring a
general interest meeting for the Na-
tional Congress of Puerto Rican
Rights on Saturday. March 12. from
12 pm. to 8 pm. In CC 875.

RCO Department Career Night Is on
Thursday, March 17. at 7:30 p.m.. In
the Humanities lounge. The evening
will include Speakers from various
areas of communications. such as
public relations, advertising, local
TV, political communications and
telecommunications.

ltnllan Students are meeting on
Tuem 'latch 15. at 7 p.m.. in CC

A fellowship of $1.000 is awarded
annually to a graduate student who
holds a bachelor's degree from
SUNYA and has been in residence
at SUNYA for at least two years as
an undergraduate. Applications for
the award. entitled the Hosted
Fellowship. can be picked up at
Alumni House. and must be return-
ed before April 1.

Night at Le Fat Cat. sponsored by
Telethon. wilt be held Wednesday,
March 16. at 9 p.m. Admission is $2.

SUNYA‘s Rockefeller College of
Public Affairs and Policy will hold
an open house Tuesday. March 15.
from 3-6 p.m.. ln Draper Hall. 135
Western Ave. information on the
college's programs and facilities
will be available at the reception at
the Western Ave. entrance to
Draper.

Pell Grant and TAP 1982-83 applica-
tions should be filed immediately.
The filing deadline for the Pell Grant
la Tuesday. March 15. 1983. The ill-
tng deadline for TAP is Thursday.
roach ‘sté t?83.l Applications for
e u on a d
available In AD 152. programs are

 

 

\

A TAP evaluation program for all
student owners of Atari-800. Vic-20.
Timex 1000. or TFtS-Bo. Is being ol-
fered tree from Vldteck Software.
There is a $5 shipping charge and a
limit of one cassette per person.
Send your request to: Vldteck Soft-
ware. PO. Box 1319. Brooklyn, NY.
11202.

SUNYA Footworks Is an annual
review of student choreography to
be presented in the Performing Arts
Center. Friday and Saturday. March
11 and 12, at 8 pm. Admission is $3
with a tax card. $3.50 for students.
and $5 for adults.

University Senate will meet on Mon-

day. March 14. at 3:30 p.m.. in the
Campus Center Assembly Hall.

 

 

UUP plan to

Union proposes
tax surcharge
to eliminate
job layoffs

lly Jane Anderson

 

 

in response to the widespread problems the
SUNY system will be facing if the Legislature
approves Gov. Mttrio Cuomo‘s budget. the
UUP has proposed a limited term irtcomc tax
surcharge. and has orgttni/cd a “Tell Mario"
phone campaign to express support for this
to the governor. according to Tim Reilly.
SUNYA English professor and UUP Albany
Chapter President.

The state ittcortte tax surcharge that UUP
is calling for would litvolve paying an extra
charge. irt addition to tire usual state incotnc
taxes. The arnuurtt ol‘ prryntcrtt would be has-
ed orr five percent of the taxes that each in-
dividual owes. and the proposal includes a
“sunset provision.” m-aiting it will expire
after two years. “which is ltow long Cuortto
predicts the fiscal need will last." explained
Reilly.

"With the surcharge the needs could be
tttct to avoid layoffs rrrtd state tttitiort in-
creases." sttid UUP President Nuttlu
Drescher. “The plan is sirrtple. progressive.
and easy to implement." slte continued. Reil-
ly added that “this could prevent all the cut—
backs that are planned. throughout the state.
iiot just the ones involved with SUNY."

Similar surcharge plans “have been used
twice in the past decade. most notably when
New York City was on the verge of banknth-
cy." according to Dresclter. UUP disputes
the idea tltnt the governor docs trot need to
raise taxes. maintaining that “the surcharge
will ttot cause any great upltcavcl” in the
state. compared to what will occur if tltc pre-
sent brrtlget plan goes iitto effect. Reilly said.

With the state-wide phone campaign. the
UUP can express their support for the plan
directly to the governor. The campaign is
running indefinitely. anti the UUP is urging
“everyone who is interested in saving
SUNY" to pltonc the governor “to exercise
their first amendment right to petition.“ ex-
plained Reilly. "We want to let the governor
krtow just ltow many people are concerned."
said Drescltcr. “and the only way we can do
that is with volume" in telephone calls to
him.

Dreschcr added that “students should tell

 

 

nu . . . . .. _.-_-‘S:_Irv_~_‘::7r

 

MARCH II. [983 D ALBANY STUDENTPRESS 3

 

 

 

a» -

 

Albany UUP Chapter President John Reilly
“The union has to fig/tlfor what is just for its people. I’o/illt's' ix tr long/i gonna...

Mario personally that we don‘t believe irt
paying ‘more for less'." Sltc advises students
to leave their name and a statement if Cuomo
is said to be unavailable. One student who
called several times. did not have an oppor-
tunity to speak to the governor himself. btit
did reaclt art aide on one occasion. who
“sccntccd very receptive" to UUP's stir-
charge plan. she said.

The income tax surcharge was first propos-
ed as an altcrrtative lo the present plan by the
Donovan Task Force. which is ntade up of
members front each of the two branches of
state legislature. Among the groups suppor-
ting the surcharge with the UUP are the
Public Employees' Federation. N.Y.S.
United Teachers. ttrtd SASU. according to
Drescher.

Reilly said the UUP has also prepared and
sent a ten page “lrnpact Study" to
legislatures. which illustrates wltat the effect
of the presently planned cuts would be. Ac-

 

 

JEAN PIERRE LOUIS UPS

cording to the study. the “first order effects"
will cause reductions irt industries such as
food anti paper suppliers. secondary effects
will include the loss of spending itt the area.
and all the effects will add tip to “a loss of
seven million dollars local business volttrtte irt
the l'irst_ycar alone." Reilly added.

“Tltc surcharge is the most intellectual.
fiscally sound way of tackling the problem“
Dresclrer pointed out. “Tlte rttost important
tiling for students to do between now and
next week is to do just what we're doing——
lobbying daily arid phoning to register our
views. arid reminding tlrerrt of how important
SUNY is to New York." ccortorttically as well
as educationally. “We‘ve got to be backed tip
oy the students." site said stressing that "if
the budget goes through as is. many people
will ttot be able to afford college. ever-and
that’s criminal."

Drescher said the governor cart be rcacltcd
at 47441390.

reduce faculty cuts draws criticism

Positions could

be retained by
diverting funds
member says

By Amey Adams

Slilll Ill/IR

 

 

A proposal to divert scheduled salary iri-
creases and use the fitnds instead to stave off
layoffs projected in the Ctronto budget has
been submitted to United University Profes-
sions by one of its members.

School of Social Welfare Professor and
UUP member Hedi McKinley forwarded a
proposal on March 2 to UUI’ l'rcsrdcrit
Nurilla McGrinit Drescher. which spelled out
it resolution site wisltcs to see voted on by the
rinion.
' The resolution. according to McKinley.
calls itt pttrt for the rttottey the iritiort
negotiated last fall as a salary increase be us~
ed irtstcrtd to retairt all faculty whose posi-
tions would otherwrsc OL' lost. Also. site said
arty remaining money would be distributed
progressively among SUNY personnel. with
the greatest percentage going to those
presently receiving the least compensation.

in her letter to Drescher. McKinley pointed
otit that sirnilttr resolutions ltave been voted
by the steclworkers union. United Attto
Workers. artd garment unions. “1 consider
such actions to be in the best traditions of the
labor movement." site said.

SUNYA‘s union representative. Professor
.iohrt M. Reilly. is opposed to the resolution.
"The money in the budget is only in because
it is for salary increases." he said. “There is
no guarantee of any sort that money
employees gave back would be spent for the
university because we do not negotiate with
the university. We negotiate with OER (Of-
fice of Employee Relations). The budget is
developed by the Division of Bridget. While
they might be ltappy to retrieve sorrtc motley.
there would be no way to require tltcttt to use
it to save jobs." ltc said.

Under the new contract agreement. Reilly
said. SUNY faculty members will receive a 9
percent salary raise in the coming year. and 8
perccrtt the succeeding two years. “The peo-
ple who got raises earned them." Reilly
asserted. “inflation itas been higher than tltc
raises negotiating teams ltave previously got-
ten. Now we have the opportunity to catch

7»

Forum considers morality in career selections

 

By David L.L. Laskin

Career cltoiccs often involve serious moral
considerations. with graduates finding
themselves tentpted by lucrative offers which
may corttpromisc their untested ideals.

“Career Planning: Are tlterc moral
choices?" a Monday rtight forum in the
Campus Center Assembly Hall sponsored by
the Chapel House interfaith Cctttcr attemp-
ted to provide “stirnulatirtg input from a
'aricty of perspectives." according to Chapel
llotrsc representative Cliristopitcr lsloycr.
After a brief itttrodttctiott l'loycr turned the
audience of approximately 40 over to Pro-
fessor Mcrle Longwood. the first of the even-
ing‘s tltrce speaker's.

Lottgwood. Cltairrnart of the Department
of Religious Studies at Sierra College. cm—
pltasi/cd career choice as a crucial poiitt irt
students' lives. These decisions. be said. are
no less irtrportartt titatt decisions about mar-
riage. “if a career choice. and what we're go-
ing to do with our lives is not srrclt a juncture.
i don't know what is." he t'ctttttr'kcd.

“The Christian perspective" of career
plintrtirtg was tltc focus of Lottgwood's
discussion. At the core of the Christian visiort
lies the twofold notion of “covenant”. lte
said: the greater covcttattt of humanity int-
plies “bonds of shared values and rnrrtrral
commitments." rtrtd within this. lies “a deep.
fundamental lturnan reality." which
transcends our diversity enabling us to work

 

together .for..lltC.l;0.Qd .ut‘.utt tnen.. Coxenatn..... buttons. .linc.. ltc . said.. .ts.. ‘.‘W.ltat . shalt .t. . .a Dluuslbb'csplzumiiou as to adornment/us... . . .g. . . M... ..  c . . . . .. . .. . . .

also implies a deeply personal. irttrospcctive
process. “it is ‘a calling‘." Longwood ex—
plained. Wlten answered. it catt provide “a
center ofvalue for one's ethical framework.“
In responding to the Christian calling. lte
said. one discovers the ctltic of Christ's
teachings and vision which serves as a guide
and “a framework from which we 'an do our
ethical reflection."

Turning rtcxt to a more pragmatic ap-
proach. Longwood outlined a series of (pics-
tions which could facilitate a job~sceker's
understanding of a prospective employer.
and onc's position attd potential within a job.
By examining botit irttcrttal and external
structures and relationships. a sccortd type of
“ethical l‘rarrrcwork.“ other tltart the Chris—
tiatt can be ticvclopcd. said l.oitgwood. How
policy decisions are irradc. the nattrrc of com»
rrttrrri ‘ation within and without the organiza-
tion. the treatment of errtployccs iii general.
and womcrt anti minorities in particular. the
DOSSlltlllllL‘S for irrdivitltral development and
participation irt polieymaking. arttl the
organi/ation's relations with its ciicrttclc. the
government. and tltc people are among the
critical considerations art applicant must ex-
amine. he said.

The rnost fundamental questions. accor-
ding to Longwood. are “How do policy
issues b -ar on the meaning of life?" arid
“What help cart i get from my knowledge of
my own religious faith" irt placing career
and options within this ethical context? The

'lccidc?” Options range frottt changing onc’s
\Wll moral position to accoittodate the job
offered. to standing firm upon one's moral
conviction. and attempting to effect change
within the system.

This pragrrtatie Christian perspective is
“not incompatible" with Jewish or
Humanistic positions. explained Longwood.
"Both Christians and Jews have a shared vi-
slot] of understanding the good life;" it is
this shared vision. this “covenant which
bonds our diversity." and which cart provide
guidance rtt rnaktrtg difficttlt ctltical career
decisions.

The second speaker. SUNYA pltilosoplty
professor llonttic Steinbock. attempted to
“give the history of ctirics in fifteen
minutes." Sltc prefaced this ltistory by
rerttitttiirtg the receptive audience that “these
kind ofconsiderations...arc not the only oncs
that rrtattcr to us." citing salary. location arid
other influential factors. On top of that. e»
plairted Stcirrbock. "it‘s very difficult to say
wltat a moral issue is.“ More often tltart not.
a company‘s ethical position will ttot be cut-
and~dry. arid the potential employee is
challenged to look iriio both the corttparty's
attd his 0th char 'r's.

Steinbock articulated “two types of moral
theory—Consequentiaiisru. arid its sidekick.
Utilitariartisnt. By weighing the benefits arid
disadvantages of art act and its consequences.
rt ratiortal. almost mathematical result is
achieved. This approaclt. site cxplairted. gives

 

 

 

ED MARUSsch ur-s
Merle Longwood
Slrirlelrls should follow their culling. ‘

are “right” or "wrong." Steirrbock citcd one
of the rrtottos of Utiiilariartisrtt: “tltc greatest
happiness for the gr attest number of
people.“ as art example of this kind of think-
iitg. ..
According to the second school of
thought. art action can also be seen. morally
speaking. on its own merit. The “deon~
tological approach." explained Steinbock.
regards certain acts as inherently ' "‘

 

,............rs.._ﬁ

-............u‘..»

...._.._.s.._,..7~.-.u-c ..

 

