 

 

 

 

#- N

 

 

 

 

amnw

 

TOR’AL -,LET.TERS

 

 ED,I

 

 

 

 

_ ... c_.«.—«~V- ._ 4»...

m‘_w__w.

 

c --..-. ﬂuid“;— - ‘44

\r

,1 we.

 

. _..

 

 From bad to worse

he budget cuts for SUNY proposed by Gov.
Cuomo are frightening. Throught the univer-
srty system over 2,000 positions will be lost.
on _our campus over 229 positions would be
eliminated by the budget proposal. These would be
the most drastic cuts in the university's history, and if

approved by the Legislature. would severely affect
the quality of education offered at Albany and every
otlter State University campus.

But the way our campus administration has chosen
to deal with the executive budget could give Albany
stttdents drastically higher tuition with little
guarantee of maintaining the quality of our universi-
3’.

At a meeting yesterday, the University Council en-
dorsed a plan pushed through by President Vincent
O'Leary that would charge students at the four
university centers -— Albaity. Binglianttott. Buffalo
and Stonybrook — something around $250'morc
tltan other SUNY students. According to the plan.
the additional revenue raised by the differential tui-
tion would be channeled back to the centers to offset
the anticipated cuts.

The tuition plan places Albany's eggs iii a weak
basket. The resolution totally abandons the effort to

restore the cuts and reduca the tuition hike by lobby-
ing the Legislature. Unions representing SUNY
employees and SASU. the students' statewide
representative. have endorsed a proposal to slightly
increase the personal income tax to make up the
state's budget crunch. This idea has been ac-
cumlating a good deal of support among- legislators.
and with‘a solid lobbying effort the cuts could be
turned back. Giving tip on that effort at this point is
premature and unnecessary.

Differential tuition also smaks of elitism. The
univ'ersity centers do have a different mission than
the four-year arts and sciences colleges. but this plan
would turn the centers into an Ivy League of SUNY
and leave the colleges bearing the brunt of the ctits.
The strength of SUNY is its diversity. and this plan
would sacrifice that diversity to maintain the centers
as the heart of the system.

One factor the differential tuition plan doesn‘t
consider is New York State's fourth branch of
government —— tlte Division of Budget. All the money
the state allocates is channelled through the DOB.
and that division tiltirnately controls what money is
spcitt where. There’s no indication that tltc DOB
would allocate the additional revenue back to the
university cetttcrs. and this tttitiort plan ignores those

controls.

Cuomo said that a more $250 tuition increase is
reasonable because he feels that students could at.
ford no more. If SUNY starts asking for additional
tuition increases, the DOB may very well recontmend
an aeross-the-board increase for all SUNY institu-
tions instead of imposing a differential tuition. That
would certainly fit in to their effort of raising “noti-
state revenue." It would also price many studetits out
of SUNY. just as the differential tuition would price
them out of the university centers.

The State University has a goal of providing low
cost high-quality higher education to all people. This
budget seriously challenges that goal by cutting deep
in SUNY's academic quality wltile escclating ttiltion
and fees at an unprecedented rate. The differential
tuition plan divides tlte universities and colleges oi
the systctn at a time when. by standing united, they
can hold on to their academic quality unrl low cost by
lobbying the Legislature for tttorc funding. Now it
the tinte to hold together aitd figltt for tltc L'lllllt
university. itot fall apart at the scant attd take laitzc
inequitable increases. Differential tuition might keer
the university centers togetlter. but at the sacrifice ol
the colleges aitd many. many students. It is a

desperate last resort. and we cart stave off last resorts
by organizing together and getting the SUNY system
the money it needs. 1

 

C

 

O L U M

N

 

 

Relating to revolution

While the US may sympathize with the situation in El
Salvador. Nicaragua. and other nationalist struggles we
seldom see them as relating to us. They are "down there"
and they speak Spanish. etc.. but somehow they don't tie in
with the basic Anglo-American. How could they. they seem '
so remote. so pitiful compared to our massive. powerful
nation? But the situation in Ireland is not; it is as old as the
nationalistic struggles in Central America.as bitter. and as
hopeless. The difference lies in that they are a British col-
ony. as we once were. and they speak English. In many
ways they are us. 200 years later.

L.S. Lane

The situation is old. British soldiers first came to lrelartd
in 1169. They have on and off clashed with the native Irislt.
over political oppression. economic oppression and
religious discrimination (the lrislt. in part. are Catltolic and
the British are Anglican). They have perpetually been
treated as second-class citizens. They have rebelled
sporadically. most notably in 1798 and 1803. The terrorism
used today has been a continual occurance throughout the
Irish history. the country itself being unable to muster a
strong enough counter-force to the British Army.

The current situation has its roots in a 1918 vote in which
78.percent of the Irislt voted for a tinited Ireland. The
British government all but totally ignored this request.
which led to the Anglo-lrish War (1919-1921).

After this war ended. with a British victory. the start of
sporadic terrorist action began. led by the newly named
original Irish Republican Army. Their leader. Gen. Michael
Collins, was angered over a gerrymandering of Irish coun-
ties to form pro-British blocks (which. by "chance." had
the shipyards, the most proﬁtable economic situation in
Ireland). The British threatened to use extensive forCe if the
terms they wanted were not accepted by the IRA. The IRA
was divided on the issue of the treaty. which partitioned
Ireland and did’ not grant total independence. To us it
might seem a minor cdncession of a few counties (what is
Northern Ireland today), but to the Irish it is comparable to
the loss of New York and California. Michael Collins. of
the “Free-State" faction. himself accepted the treaty.
against the total-nation, or "Republican" forces. In an en-
suing battle. Michael Collins died. The British Army was

also involved against the Republicans. They then Went
underground. where they remain today.

Except for 1957. in which an "invasion" of the northern
area was undertaken by a small band of IRA men. not
much direct action occurred until 1968. The situation re-
mained tense. Unemployment became extremely high in
Northern Ireland, housing conditions grew worse and
harassment and hostility grew. The situation became
volatile.

 

 

In 1968 the Northern Ireland Civil Rights Association
(NICRA) formed, modeled after the black movement in the
US. When they began to hold marches and demonstrations.
the backlash from the pro-British sector was swift and

brutal. This continued and grew. By August 1969. the
streets of Northern Ireland were in chaos. The British Army
was ordered in to protect the Catholics. which Is where the
appearance of a religious fight came in. But it is more than
that. it is a political one. '

The British Army. however. soon aligned with the pro-

British sector. They grew steadily to become another instru-
ment of repression, officially stamped as “necessary
action." They went front a force of protection to an oe-
cupational army. These days a person can be interned
wrthout charges. be kept ineommunicato for up to two
years. and be tortured.
H In 1971 the IRA split. one side deciding to continue to
light (the Provisionals). the other (the Officials). at more
socialist movement which wants to work from the inside
upgrading the people themselves. Both sides are on:
tionalistic‘. btit in different ways.

In 1972 Britain was found guilty of torture by Amnesty
International. Little was done to remove this condemning
weight within a modern. democratic Western nation. This
is not a right-wing banana republic as we are accustomed to

 / .32, "A
"a.

/ r. / .
. Wm,“
V @M‘m. W7

          

 

  
   
         
 
 

. 4 ' ‘
\ M4 4 v
, {xix/5mg,
hrs/W \2 ' «fl/275  '/ M   u .
W»: ’ "‘“l'lﬁ ism  ,wf v ,
_ , , I, ... .,. .,>,‘.';tlt'

hearing about but one of America's strongest arid most
loyal supporters.

While it is much against the Irish that their fight has
taken British lives. both in the military and the civilian
population. It must be taken to note that Irish lives and pro-
perty have been damaged and destroyed for a longer period
and in more brutal ways. over the course of their struggle.
The second largest British force is found in Ireland. Such a
strong nationalist feeling is a thorn in the liriiish side.
which has lost most of its colonies. The Britislt may feel a
certain symbolism to the loss of this large former colonv
but it would be to their advantage to let it go. Good terms
would bring peace and prosperity to both nations. The Irish
aren't going anywhere and if both sides worked together. it
could be to their mutual advantage. The current situation is
of no good to anyotte. for neither side will give up its claim.
The longer they fight. the greater the grievances each side
has against the other. No one expects instant answers to this
Situation, it ltinges oit issttes beyond the scope presented
here.,but it is obvious that there is tttore here than the
American press has presented.

‘

5

College Press Survrcu

 

 

I

‘01(.«BDY6.11&ERE we so! Act murmur! SMIL... ware TO rite Peonet

 

 

Open eyes

To the Editor:

I'm writing in reference to the proposed legislation to
raise the legal drinking age to 21. Specifically I’m respon.
ding to the back page ad in the Feb. 4 issue of the Albany
Student Press. by several area bars.

First of all are the overwhelming facts concerning drink-
ing and driving among those affected by the proposed
legislation. Just look at other states who have before and
after figures about drunk driving and the subsequent im-
provement shown in the post law statisdcs. and it's clear to
see the benefits of the rise in the drinking age.

Second. I appreciate the favor (7) that the bars are doing
me by informing me that I'm “being screwed." but I hope
the other students realize that the only reason these bars are
campaigning is not for your rigltts. but for the money they
stand to lose with another jump in the drinking age.

In the detachable counon they‘ve given us, we are stip-
posed to sign a statement saying that "If I am old enough
to vote and to die for my country. tltcn lam old enough to
responsibly handle alcohol." If they‘re so concerned abut
people dying. maybe they should open their eyes and cori-
cern themselves with the 18 year olds tltrowng away their
lives by wrapping their car around a tree when driving
drtink. or the 19 year olds who might kill tlticr entire family
iii a druttk driving accident.

—— David Singer

Shift to the right

To the Editor:

A shift to the "right" seems to be sweeping the nation
and ltas found a.home in Central Council. We find this
scary. Yet. in this country we are taught that each of us is
permitted to practice her/his politics iii the manner s/he
chooses and to express views iii an appropriate fashion.
However. Central Council is making a strong attempt to
undermine this "given" fundamental right. It seems that
the cartoon that appeared on the front cover of the Student
Voice was n01 to the liking of all members of Central Court-
cil. How to deal with this dilemma? Take a vote. pass a
resolution. and the end result produced is a statement of
censorship — that simple.

In the February 11 issue of the ASP. Council Chair Jeff
Fromm said that he hoped to be “added” to the list of peo-
ple who review the contents of the Voice before it is
publislted. This implies that the Voice is. as policy presently
stands. considered and examined by some persons before
its publication. But this does not meet with Froinm's ap-
proval since the cartoon did not represent the views of the
“entire” Student Association. It is irrational to think that
any one article or cartoon would ever have the support of
the “entire” Student Association. If that is an expectation
of Mr. Frontm’s. then we fear that the Voice will simply
cease to exist.

It seems to us that the problem is that Mr. Fromm and
seven other members of Central Council find this cartoon
Offensive. Who are Mr. Fromm and these seven other
Council members that they cart dictate what the student
body has the right to read? What happened to freedom of
the press? As students ptiying SA dues. we Iiavc tltc right to
be exposed to a variety of views and issues. It appears that
the Council wants students to only see those things which
they view as politically correct. This is a mockery of
everything that this university stands for. If the Student
Voice is going to express solely Mr. l’r'oinin's opinions.
thert We advocate a change in title from “Student Voice" to
“Frtlllll‘ll's Voice."

It is frightening to its that the Council is in a decision-

making position after reading some of their statements.
Fromm said that the Voice “shows a very grotesque picture
of war." I didn't know that war could be anything but
grotesque. and it's outrageOus that there are people who
deny the fact that war. justified or not. is anything less than
a ltorror and devastation to all people. We only hope that
this resolution is overturned and that freedom of press con-
tinues to reign.
—-Karen Gollnsld
Gayle Pecker

Sour grapes

To the Editor:

How ya doin‘? 1 would like to bring to light one aspect of
your selection last week of Al Myers. Lary Ulman and
Mark Wells as tlte “fans of the week.“ It scents that these
fellows. while truly being good fans, have ittisled you slight-
ly. Their statement that they Itavc attended every Dane
home basketball game during school since they began
studies 4 years ago contains ti grave misconception. Being a
loyal friend of theirs btit an even more loyal supporter of
the sanctity of sports institutions. I feel that I must reveal
the truth. ‘I‘ltese guys may ltave collectively attended all the
ltoritc games; I know for a fact that individually they ltave
not.

Forget about facility ctits and tuition hikes for a mo-
rncut: this is a real scandal which touches evcry dedicated
sports fall and which should not be swept under the rug.
lir'ing these pcrjurors to justice. I say — and perhaps yoti
thotild consider revamping the “fan of the week" selection
process to avoid futhcr cheap ploys for notoriety.

Oh. by the way. I attended all l)ttttc home football games
luring my 4 years at Albany (throughout all sorts of
.vcathcr) bill I was never awarded as “fan of the week."
(Now, don't get me wrong; this letter really isn't ltascd on
“sour grapes").

Thanks a lot for letting me clear the record — sorry for
blowing the whistle. fellowsi

-—I)ave Sehnfler

Feature response

To the Editor:

Thank you for assigning a feature article on the Universi-
ty Art Gallerty to your staff member. Nancy Crowfoot.
Her coverage of the assignment was sensitive and infor-
mative. Too. it is particularly exciting to be quoted ac-
curately in a newspaper.

Ms. Crowfoot was a tactful and intelligent imcrvicwcr.
attd ltcr obvious pleasure iii the assignment gave a lift to all
of us on the gallery staff.

—Nnney ledle
Director

Back on track

To the Editor:

().l\'.. enough is enough. I am slightly perturbed by your
editorial ctttitlcd “Ccnsurcship” which appeared iii your
February 11 edition. 1 do not wish to contend with tltc issue
of whether or not the graphic that appeared in T/lt' Student
Voice was in bad taste. That problctii. I feel. stems from tltc
question of who should be the editor of The Student Voice.

My problem lies solely in the way the editorial was writ.
ten (and I‘m not talking about grammar). ()ncc t aiit. it
seems that you. Mr. IEditor. have resorted to itatiie-calling.
gciicrali/ing. and other unprofessional uses of jottt‘ttttlistll.
[low can you rlrrre to assume that what really angered (‘ctt-
tral Council was not tltc graphic but the informative ar-
Iiclcs'! You must think very highly of your ability to know

  

 

 

é.
cjzlspects

Dun Butt. Editor In Chis!
Wayne Pneroboom. Exacullvs Editor
Mark (Inner. Managing Editor

Eltlblllhod in 1910

....Tert Kaplowltr

 
      
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
   
   
 
 
    

Ntwl Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Annellto Nonil Edltorl Dabblad o. Dob Prolala
ASPIclI Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Dohblo Mlllrnan
Annem- ASPoeII Editor . . Mann" G- Taylor
Sound Edltor ... . . . . . Robert Schneider
Video Editor . . Gall Mnrrall.
Sporll Editor ..... .. ... . Mart: Haspol
Aneclltn Spam Editor . Marc Sehwnrz
Edltorlll Plan Editor. . . . . . . . - . r . - - - v r U” Sim")

Editors . . . . . . .. Nancy Dladuilks. David L L. Lankln
Contributing Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Murk Hammond

 

Edllﬂllll Aunt-nil: Bob Gnrdtnler. Anthony Sllbur. stall wrltaru: tha
Aboﬂd. Suzanna Abate, Blll Brnwslur. Both Brlnuot. Kun Cantor. Trneuy Car-
"l'ClHIDI. Andrew Carroll. Hubort-Kunnolh chkuy. Bill Flachni. Dnin Gntlnor.
Slave Gossat. Haldl Grails. Charles M. Granite. Amy Kllnuu. Dunlau Knluhtl Il-
luo Levltm. Mark Levin. Donna MucMIllutt. Crnla Mnrku. Ilobtnt Martlntunn.
Davld Mlchnnlaon. Ilan Nlasnn. Ltlura Nuns. Matt Nlnholtt. Bob O'Ilrlnn. not)
O'Connor. Carl Parka, Karon Ptrorzt. Phll Plvnlck. Lttulrt Qulnn. Llr Irritant
Mark Roaster. Randy Roth. Ellnri Santtmluro. Lyrthu Slouut. Ltruirmu
Sokolowekl. Alan Sornktn. Mntln Ultra. Mark Wllunrd. Adam wttk. Spoetrurn
and Events Edltorl: Ronl Glrieboro. Kort Dornbairm

Bannll Stavenl, Business Manager
HIdy Brod-r. Associate Business Manager
Buun Purim-n Advntllslng Manager
John Troll ,Salas Manager

 

 

Karen Stirrloll. Jirrly fowl
Arlutte Katinwrtl
Jnnrulur Bloch

Bltllng Accountant: . ..... . ,.
Payroll Supervlnur .. . .

Olllco Co-ordlnator
Classllled Manager. .. . . .Mlchuy Frank
Componltlon Manager . . . . . . . , . . . . . .. . Metrssn Wassorman
Advertising Stills: Pater Forward. Mtko Kreliner. Glenn Halt, Nuil Susnrnnn.
Advertising Production Manager: Mindy Horowttz. Advortlllnn Production:
Rartdoa Behar. Jana Hirsch. Mtehnllo Horowitz. Julru Mark. Elteon slnvtn.
Rhonda Woll. Oltlco Stall: Gay Peross

    

Jack Duruchllg. Production Managor

. Cathln Ryan

  

Chllll’ypeultlr . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . .....,. .
VertlcnlCamora . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . .. Btll Buntila
Puts-up: Gall Muttntl. Patty Mltchutt. Ty . Bill Bouncy. Jlm Cnpouoln.
Erica D'Adnrne. Mary Duuann. Mickey Frank. Joanne thdoislouve. Eltznboth
Hoyrnan, Ginny Huber. Mary Alice Llpkn. Mark Walter

Supplied principally by Unlvnrutly Photo Survtcu. a student group.

Chlol Photographer: Dave Arthur. UPS Stall; Chunk Bernstein. Laura Boatlck,
Alan Calern. Amy Cohen. Shorty Cohort. David Hanson. Michele Kulchnm.
Hilary Lnno, Ed Marusstch. Lola Maltabont. Alan Mantle. Susan Elaine Min-
dtch. Davld Rivera. Linn Simmons. Erica Spotool. Suna Stnlnknmp. Warren
Stout. Jtrn Valentino. Marty Walcou. Wlll Yunnan

Entire conlnntl copyright « IBM Albany Student Prul Cnrpnrltlon, Ill
rlghll mun-d.

The Albany Student Press to published Tuesdays and Fridays holwunn
August and June by the Albany Student Props Corporation. an Independent
riot-torrpiollt corporation.

Erlltortala tiiu written by tho Edllor In Cltlol with members at the Edltorlal
Board: policy In subject to review by the Editorial Board. Advortlulhu policy
does not noceuaartly rolloct editorial policy.

Mailing address:
Albany Student Press. CC (129
1400 Waahlnulon Avo.
Albany. NY 1 222
(518) 457~8802I3322I3380

 

what Central Council. or anyone for that matter, really
thinks!

Stooping to name-calling is pretty poor. Calling members
of Council "mllltarlsts" or a "conceited" tool doesn’t help
your point very much. By pointing the ﬁnger at Council
and accusing them of being conceited only lmplicaies your
own conceit.

When is this bickering (and that is what it is In my eyes)
going to stop? It does no one any good and it takes time
and energy away from important issues that are facing the
students. We face monumental budget problems and
students should realize that. Under Gov. Cuomo's proposal
over 100 positions will be eliminated and tuition and room
and board rates will be increased $400 for N.Y. residents
and over $1500 for out-of-statersl This is a disgusting
scenario that shouldn‘t be tolerated. Our energies should be
spent on this and other issues. The only way they can be
solved is together.

Let's get back on track. We've got a lot of work to do.

—Phillp Gentile
S.A. Senate Llasion

Cultured censors

To the Editor:

1 hope that you will print this letter. for it is long over-
due. I am writing to address several students and faculty
with reguard to their negative reaction that has come about
in response to the showing of a pornographic film. Burl
(fir/s (rated X) on SUNYA campus. The negative reaction
alone did not bother me. ltotvevcr when censorship was
mentioned. I decided to pose a question. Should films or
arty other cultural mediums of any form. that is mediums
of expressions protected under the constitution. be cen-
sored by an institution of ltiglier learning?

Free societies should not censor. i think that the Moral
Crusaders should not pose their attacks on free American
society. Tltcrc is always a popular negative reaction to Nazi
marclting in .Icwislt neighborhoods, Hippies "loving-in” at
parks. music that is labeled “subversive.” literature that is
“propaganda.” arid films that are “disgusting.”Who are
tiny of its to say what is "right" and what is "wrong."
Let's stop playing God and realize that there are many
reasons why all of the above forms of art and or expression
sltottld or sltould not be viewed by Americans. Once we
stop a film from being shown because it is “exploitive of
women" or "disgusting" or "lewd." what will stop us
from censoring another film for being "subversive" or
"political" i.e. the film “Reds,” the “Woodstock Movie"
or "Zabrisky I’oint.“ What other labels will we then start
placing on the medium of art. literature and film to stop
their exposure to the public?

If people want to stop porno. let them use their freedoms
of cxpressiott to oppose it by means of teach-in. lecture.
film and countless other ways. Another step that I would
personally stand by. for an effective long range solution. is
let's start instilling in oitr children. wholesome values and
good information on the subject. Start with the family;
"teach yottr children" that sex and love are not a “mid-
night bluc" marathon based on how many orgasms one can
achieve. btit ratltcr is a beautiful organic experience that
two people cart share when they feel for each other. In the
storm of conservatism that ltas plagued America. our cott-
stitution is saying. “Don't ticad on me."

Straight facts

To the Editor:

Once agaiit the ASI’ has proven itself quick to jump

down the throats of Central Council before looking at the
facts. We are referring to the irresponsible editorial. “Ceri-
siircship" printed in thc l-‘cbruary 11 edition. To help you
out here are sottte of the facts.
I-‘act one: The Student Voice was created to be an SA
newsletter. a weathcrvane of the Student Association. not a
student publication. In the words of forntcr SA president
Dave Pologc. creator of The Voice, "The Voice is a
newsletter ttot a newspaper.“ By definition a group cannot
censor its own newsletter.

Fact two: A itcwsletter’s first and foremost responsiblity
is to print the news of SA not the political beliefs of its
editor.

Get your facts straight Mr. Editor! In regard to your in-
terpretation of blowing a.. issue out of proportion. how did
you come to decide that by Central Council admitting a car-
toon is in poor taste. and by apologizing to the “real”
members of SA for a mistake. was the result of “losing” a
vote opposing the Solomon Amendment? The majority of
the persons who decided to vote for the resolution have also
dedicated their time working to get the Solomon Amend-
ment repealed. Did you have those facts? Would the editor
please define “militarist” ant “right wing?" If this “right
wing minority" as you so call it is indeed a minority why
then did the resolution pass?

Wlteit and if the ASP decides to becortte a responsible
journalistic sotiree. and you a responsible editor. perhaps
you will not be so quick to jump to conclusions before you
have gathered the facts. As for your name calling. it just
ftirtlter proves your lack of integrity and immaturity in con-
veying the issue. Perhaps the ASP is “merely a conceited
tool" of the editor who writes for it. '

—l.lsa Kerr Mitchell It‘llin
April A. Gray Non Attletta

—— .Ion Flatow

 ...‘.:«.ﬁ.a—....w.s., ,. ..7

x. argue. a..; magnum-WWW-..” mum“... ..  .. .

 

