it

‘-

 

  

68 ASPECTS OF SUMMER

BeckizLAlizany

Local Music pdat

'can't remember ever hearing of
a band from Albany that made it
to the big tinte. but that apparent-
ly hasn't slowed doer the local bands from
putting our records on their own lrrdepen~
dent labels. Recently. Albany bands have
been going through sornethtng of a “vinyl
craze": last year. we got Hudson Rock.
albums front Fear of Strangers. artd filotto.
Even the AD's managed to put out a first-
rate single More Than Once whiclt has
given them rrrore atr play tlrart all the rest
put together. Another tltree 7-inch records
by area bands have been released;
Lunipen Proles. Jiin Wliitiirg. and the New
Rock News from Latham.

Meti'n Ulug

Lumpen Pro/es have changed their litte-
up since their last release. a track on the
Hudson Rock compilation album. Now a
three-member band. the stripped-down
Pro/es. have been playing several shows
around town at the Chateau and Cagney 's.
and ltave developed quite a strong follow-
Ing. Their new single She Wasn‘t
Home/Positive Thinking (on No Crust
Records) features one song written and
sung by guitarist Scot Gray and the other
by bassist Josh Vlircertt. The A‘side She
Wasn't Home is a powerful. catchy song
with impressive vocals by tlte band and the
B-side Positive Thinking captures the
darker. more somber side of Lurnpen Pro-
les, probably influenced by those Joy Divi-
stori songs that they play in concert. Both
songs on the single were recorded at
Arabellurrt studio with producer Art Srtay.
but unfort’unately the sound quality isn't
ntuch better than demo standards. and I
doubt that either song will get them rrtuclt
radio play They ririgirt ftrrd this pretty
discouraging but the Luriiperr l’rolus are an
important hand to Albany. attd it Would be
a lllii.‘ boost to them if this single does well.

Also new is art Interesting four-song e p.
by Jim Whiting. the former lead singer

Band Talk

 

 

Speaking In Modern En

“ art!" I grabbed Mitzt’s arm. We
were packed iii the middle of a
crowd slowly shuffling its way

towards the door. Two girls who looked
like models for Fiorucci's discount rack
were standing in front of us. A couple of
Def Leppard rock 'n' rollers were behind
us. swilling down the rest of a Pabst. The
taxi that had carried us across the river
from Albany to the bowels of thc
I'fulloballo's front door was becoming a.
fading dot of yellow in the blackness of
those dirt road hills. And rrow. iii the thick
of this. alter racing out the door of the
apartment with my front door keys in one
hand and a jug of rum and orange juice in
the other. I stopped to think if we're going
to need ID to get in.

 

Lisanne Sokolowski

 

l fumble through my pockets. Mitzi. Billy
Idoled blonde hair and all, still looks 19.
What if they think she's 18? What if they
think I am? Too late. Del Leppard belclres
us up and over the threshold and a chubby
little brunette who looks like my mother is
asking me how many tickets i want.

“Two.” l count out the singles. lcan feel
the cold dribble of sweat down my
backbone. waiting to hear her ask for proof

"Thank you." she chlrps. I break back lit-
to reality. For a brief minute she really does
look like nty mother. Not wishing to push
my luck. l grab Mitzi's hand and we melt in~
to the dark and denim of the llullabnlou's

ar.

Modern English is playing tonight.
They're another post-punk. new wave
band front Essex. England Their two
albums to date have been Mesh and Lace

and the extremely successful Alter The
Snow, containing the single 1 Melt- With
You. Their audience is diverse. ranging
‘frorn pool players to rockabilly posers.

Alter The Snow was produced by Hugh
Jones (Echo and the Burrnymen), and It

the tthrrtu v \.
our rim ’ __ _ V
. _ I . - o

 

 

from the X-istcntlals. The record. So much
[or little boy's dreams on Black and White
Wreckchords and produced by Mark Ernst.
features drummer Al Kash. who used to be
in Fear of Strangers. Chris Meltck. ex-
rnerrtber of the AD's. and electronics by
one Max Tash. i can't help but wonder
about the motivation of anyone to put out
an e.p. without first playing it with a regular
band. but congratulations rrtust go to
Whiting for at least attempting to try the
waters of experimentation. It's Not The
Same. the song that opens the up. is the
best of this package and choice rrraterial
loralrplay. I Fall Around features trit-
presslve electronic doodlings by Max Tash
and although it really never goes
anywhere. it is at least successful in the use
of a computer drrrrrr machine and various
synthesizer sounds. Whiting's guitar and
bass playing is nothing tlrrillltrg. but his

 

 

brand of tough. slower than punk. rock
with dead-pan vocal delivery rrtakcI for an
interesting sound it should be interesting

includes the songs, Soniconc's (falling.
Life In Tht’ (ilrrtlhoiisu. and Carry Me
Down. liach song has its own texture and
style. and to judge Modern Ifrrglislr only on
their Top Ten hit / Mr-lt Willi You is to not
give them enough credit.

Tlte warm tip hartd plods through its
numbers. A punker to the left of us with a
Psychedelic Furs t-shirt is livid with good
humored iibrioxtorrsrress. Maybe he'd be
the one to tie this droning lead singer's
sneaker together. Maybe not. l’le's spen-
ding a lot of time pogovirtg in front of the
singer making vicious laces and screaming
“Modern English! Get offa the stage you
creeps! We want Moderrt English!"

And Modern English lte gets They
come out. one at a time: Stephen Walker
(keyboards) wearing a grin and a leather
cap: Michael "Mick" Conroy (bass) looking
like a shy Thomas Dolby with his pale
blond hair and round spectacles; Richard
Brown. running behind his drumset; feline
Gary McDowell (lead guitar) sporting a
plrrk zorrt suit and a shock of white-yellow

Rasta hair with a long dredlock in the back;
and lead singer Robbie (trey. all hot‘n'
handsome in a grey suit arid black shades

They sprang irrto action and rocked the
Hullabaloo for two hours. Playing numbers
from Mesh rrrrrl Lon: and new. upcoming
sounds: it was a tapestry of talent. Their
early sound was post~punk. defiant. ac-
cusatory. Between srrrrgs ("trey asked.
“Can you really understand this song? If
you were thiirkirr'. you'd understand what
it's all about!" The attrtosphere they pro-
jected into the audience was. just hear the
melodies. (lance to the beat. But also to
realize the political and social statements
that today's successful bands are trying to
make through their anti-establishrnent
underground sounds.

The crowd was satisfied. They did three i
encores before running off to the limboland l
where-performers-go-after-they leave»thi.- l
stage. While the rest of the crowd directed

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

iﬁiintirttitttrti _

 

to see where Whiting goes from here.
The last of these new singles corrres front
a Latham-based band called The New
Rock News, who have released a self-
produced strtgle on Lunar Records. con‘
tainth two originals Gonna Take You
There/Glue Me Up. The title of this band is
something of a paradox. since there really
isn't anytlttng at all new about it. As a mat—
ter of fact, both sides are predictable pop-
rock fluff. with equally idiotic lyrics If this is
supposed to be new tnusic their rrraybi: i'rri
living in the wrong decade. The most in-
teresting thing about this single is the way it
neatly split irrto three pieces when l threw it
out my wtrrdow. If it's any consolation. to
producer/writer .l, llrierly. the singly is
well-produced and for a band of
newcomers they show a glimmer of talent.
it's just unfortunate that they lost control of
their time irrachine and landed iir Austin.
Texas 1902
Also of interest in the local club scene is
French Letter, who have established week

its attention to the bar. the two of us want
for the t~shlrl table. it was a concert worth a
souvenir.

Thiimbing through the i'sltlrts. the
salesman leans over arid says, “So. ya
wanna meet the band?" I look at hint He
didn't mean. . . Modern Ifnglislr? l le wavr
ed his hand. pointing the way up a narrow
flight of stairs that led to a roorn where the
group was waiting for a pllla Mitzi was
wandering back from the bar. and l giabb»
ed her wrist.

“Don't ask questions. . We're partying
with the hand." She didn't ask.

For a band on tour in the States for only
seven weeks. they've found the reception

extremely good — audience

5 more openl
enthusiastic than trt Engl y

and. Like a burtclt

   
 

 

 

 

 

JUNE 27. 1981

Iy residency at former rrew~wavc dive 2km
Lark. French Letter are a three piece
vocals. guitars. and bass outfit. with lltl't’_
expensive equipment. and .r drum
machine which is used quite UflL't‘lth’ly
Their music is a modern (lrtllt't‘ltirk
mtrrtrnallsm. but their |)tL'tlllL't’ltritt i...
campy-vocal harmonies make a si‘i'tnttrrjly
incongruous combination. NcVi'tllii'li'ss
French Letter are a fun. entertaining. and
visually appealing dance hand
them. they're fun and probably Albany's
orin real dance band.

(iii si'i'

New records are also trt progress from
Albany‘s The Verge. who have been (that;
ing exciting. energetic shows around town
for several years now. Their C(tlillililtltiitt trr
lludsort Rock, a song titled l 2.3 it it fr
will undoubtedly be paled by the strength
of their new material. If any Albany lraritl
deserves attention. it's Tire Verge.

Bill l-larrigan. lead singer of the now rm
tlnct Outpatients. an original and tillt'ti
controversial band. Is reportedly recording
with Sara Ayers (former singer of Alf/i.)
They had formed the short lived .‘iiriiry
New Things while Harrigan was in between
bands but little ever came of lltt'ii m
perimental project. Hopefully now that
built of these professiortal-quallty Vtit .Illsls
are free we will see more of these two i or
what it is worth l-larrtgan has my money for
best voice in town and If he can stay ‘rltlti’l
enough he has a lot to offer.

()thur bands new to the area llll'llltll' lira
Cold. Shack's new band. who haw trmr
rehearsing for a while and are just lri'ttitni
trig to play gigs, and Prittiullitc's. an i"
perintental electronicvorlented band that?»
still iii rehearsal. Also of interest in llti’
Jeunnicl Sinillr liuitrl. featuring l rltl v
Angel and other members of the ft'tlt in
Dakotas. They've been playing lltri ror .tlrtl
ly SUUIttlS iii the local clubs. ltt('liillttrii rim
llullaballo,

Unfortunately. I've at best only skirnnrt rt
ttVL'l' Albany music . there's a lot lit ! ..l
about. something for everyone

glish

of schoolhoys bringing home llit'lt fll‘d it
they proudly run its a premier of llll' tii‘u
video Soirruonc's Culling which ltlgliltiilrt-
Robbie's vocals. l'le's in an empty room
wtth statues swatlted in game llilllllillli'\
(very much like the T'yh‘t‘fit'dt'fil‘ I‘rii»
"Pretty in Pink" video), Where's the”
sound going? From talking with Mick (‘ort
r‘oy. it's everywhere. They haven't sr'ttlmi
till a sound. only on trying to win and keep
their farrs' approval while expanding llii‘ll
talents.

"Adam Ant's got it sound. got a follow
ing. but we don't want the prerfrltcen yi'nr
olds. America hasn't followed his i‘art-t-r
enthusiastically enough to appreciate lrtrrr
as art artist," said Conroy. “We want pcir
pie to watch us grow. and appreciate us for

daring too." i

    

 

  

ww\

 

 

runs 27, i983
Comic Review

 

Discovering m.

it the first days after it was arr-

nounced that Doonesbury was

going out of syndication for two
years. students were aghast Who was go-
trrg to give us our daily message? Who was
going to jib its in llll' ribs on those crucial
issues that purttterite irttr times? Luckily we
have Byrki' llritrithr-rl and Illoonr t‘onnty.
the strike which "observes our social
mores. l‘llllliiill irrrintrers. and status
rituals lrti‘t'tl \vrth hiitacy. politics with a
twist." I can't argue with that Expand. but
not argui-

L. 8. Lane

Coming out rrl llll‘ University of 'l'cxas.
when- he turd .r sliiilllttl cotnir' called
Acorfi'niiu Wriltr. liurkti llri'rrtlred has an
array of insights “lift it mine out in ltinny.
sorrtt-tirnt's \liiltllltti t’lllliitit‘lllrlt’y on our
culture llllfrlllli'tl doesn't tr'ly purely on

 

He has a sly ability to strip art issue. which
allows the render to see that naked. most
issues are ridiculous. Arid as the examples
displayed can verify. both sides get a bit of
rthblrig.

The lllriili characters display diverse irpi-
Irlotts and Interests. capturing runny per-
sonality traits that the lt'rltlt‘l can relate to
Milo lllirirrn, a reporter for the Blooiir
fir-(iron. has wild animal friends that he
cart talk to. Milo spends much of his time
pursuing Senator lli'dfellow. .i kindly old
politician easily implicated in situations
ranging liorrt Abscain to the whereabouts
of Jimmy l lofla Mrlo's sidekick is the tier
yous. ditxlt’ly'tiiltli'ti llinklt-v. who can't
stand Wheaties and eats "prunes and
parsley. the liruaklast of Nincornprrops."
His father is air unemployed. itiar'hrr rnair
who is confused lry his son's lack of desire
to l|vrl tip to his ideals of “biting a man."

 

confined to a wheelchair This is one of the
first comic strips to have a rrtairr character
who is handicapped. and showing a certain
“coming of age" iir social r'rrrnirtuntaiy. as
Cutter John goes through thr- sanru pro-
blerrrs as others. and lllt'tt a law that other
handicapped people can especially relate
to. l to is often seen riding around enacting
Star Trek arid is enormously happy with

 

 
  
 

 

 
 

 

 

 H The” llti'lv's the love triangle featuring ' Bobbi Harlow. a lurnirirst. sell~rrtatle
vtciorisrrcss. whit lt some t'ttlillCS revert to (jump, Juli”. ” (“mm would”, Vcr WI", .5 El.Imnlw‘whm BUN” ms I” dull M”! h”
"5 iii/Aye" “WT” or own moarrnnrie IIHIIIFY
Wm  N/ “flake low  mm A ' M MA”
Mira/w." "is \ 4‘ WWW Wow strip. 7% samurai weir uREW rum ma, 5%,“, /f’6
. ' ' mist/i ' ' " MW ammonia. v \ - . A A
i r 5? mar  

 
 

 

V. I5 [7?

   

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

ﬁrst)“. .uxw; ..
ﬁmr

 

Comma

Self—EX

rrlrruly l‘tlt‘rltt‘i'l. is ltrit lilltt’lt ilif
lt’tt'ltl front the \iltlt'lU that pirr
tllltt’N litrrr l'lrt' \‘Vll‘u lllrll
(llillrlilt'llIt' lllt‘ tlrrllilli-ilil iriltttti's. iii
li'li‘~ll'tl iii riintilcrrrg .irnl [It'tlii'lltrillliil lllt'
riin'qiial ordain/anon of lllt' tit-rid illi’

ll‘llt'ili'tl .rlw rtlltiiltll Itiil~u'l\t'\ Wu tit
ti'llr‘rtrirtls ulru tltlilll in hit rrr \\rllll lit lri‘
ti'\ttlltltlr|i~tt|t"~ or \rlrn -tl lr'ast refuse to
\t'l\'l' as rltlltllllllllr'\ In this lltit‘tltlill rrt
i’ittrrrrral tilii.t|il.'rilli in are not "\‘at. irrati'il”
.rtjattist tlti' lilt’lilttllL' -tt tililtli"\“ltlil tirii
ltt'altlr “insists tlt lxItItHiiiti that \\t' rlli’ ‘vlt k

and in rl unit it less \It It tltari lllt’ systi'rrt lllrll
made its and that \u- want to help rnrtiialti'

HuberthennethDickey

Often we call any attempt to violate the
private property of the word and break the
franchise of artistic creation demogaguery
and populism. as if a social order which
r‘onrlL'tntrs almost everyone to silence were
"natural." It happens that the publications
of the left also generally igitorcI the ex-
istence of this "other" culture that never-
theless is manifested unceasingly in the
people's daily lives and iii their liiL’xliﬂiiSlL
blu capacity for astonishment. rebellion.
arid currnirtg. We write on lltc people and
even in the name of the people. btrt we
rarely share with lllL‘ people the media of
expression we have managed to conquer
We act in general as if the people were
mute. although we do everything possible
to assure that they are not deal In social
order wherein lands. factories. houses and
individuals all have owners. cultures also
have air owner; biit they are mistaken who
believe that revolutionary intellectuals arid
that popular culture is only the debased
echo of the masters voice.

America has suffered a kind of super-
i't'iitraltst organization of the state. its
nucleus being lliosi' immense ports and
lialrylonian cities. ()nt of these centers
operate the dominant cultures. elitist arid

.. . t.r 4’o‘.‘.-‘s'.-  -"

 

 

iractst. to whom national reality means the
igreat outback and the threat of barbarisni:
ithcir work of repression arid camouflage
lserves the imperialist ends of cultural
tcastratioir.

One cart bait water. but riot thirst. Since
ithe colonial adventure of the Americas
'cr)nvvrturl the lndiarts and the blacks into
'slaves of European development. their
cultures have survived the greatest catn-
patgns of exter‘rniiratron. these cultures
have disguised themselves. gone
underground, and have been subject to a
thousand otitﬁitli' influences. bill they coir-
tinuu to offer to all American ltrriilarncnlal
keys of lt'llt'i‘littii arid prophecy They givr-
wrtni'sr. iii the past and at the same tirtr'o
light lri'ai‘ons illuminating the road ahead
lf tirilay these cultures held only ar~
chi-ologit'rrl llll|‘it'5l. they would not coir-
lliiltt' to lit' IlnI objects of bloody repression.
Ittil would t'ltt’llly powr-r be so inn-rested iii

 

   

 

lmnntpulattng them to cut them off from
class warfare and the popular revolutionary
movements.

in a world that reduces relations between
individuals to relations between things. we
all have a lot to learn from the vitality and
the love ot liberty of the African cultures,
'which do not divorce thought lmrn emo-
lion. and from the essential joy of religions
that exalt iltc ltttitrari body instead of cen-
suring it. In a system murderous to the
earth and to the people. a system that
poisons the air. contaminates the water.
arid ilcvastati's tluI land. llll.‘ indigenous
t‘lilllill‘i'S of Autumn tell us that the earth is
sacred Against the capitalist law of the
jungle. which holds greed as the supreme
'ttltllit'. tist's the example of the solidarity of
Indian (orntnurtitics.

Natiortal cultures are defined by their
content not by the origin of its elements.

 
  
 
  
 
 
  

err-boyfriend Steve Dallas. whom she
describes as “an ego-centric, materialistic
boob." Steve has Bobbl's cousin. Quiche
Lorraine. as a new love interest. Quiche's
goal in life is to be on the TV show Tire

Lone Boat.   m 
KW

   

llut the character who is easily the most
beloved is Opus. a penguin straight man
who ltglrts against anti‘penguin rhetoric
arid fast food stores. l'lis pleasures are herr~
irtg and icehoxes. wherever he may firrrl
thurn

liloonr County may be small btrt the
Stones once played there for a tttglr school
piorri It might be isolated. but it fought off
lixxon. which tried to take its meadow for
oil drillirtg. It might be quiet but Senator
lit-tilellnw is tied up in a lot of scandal.
whether or not Milo has to manufacture the
evrdence. And the world enters their court-
ty with commentaries on the Moral Majori-
ty. .lanies Watt. the Royal Couple. the
Creationists. and Ronald Reagan. who is
often seen in Btnkley's anxiety-ridden
dreams.

This comic is a sophisticated person's
dream. for while it comes on as simple. it
has highly complex ideas squeezed into its
four or eight box scripts. While it may look
like Doonesbury. it is essentially different in
its angle of commentary. making it unfair to
compare the two. it is better to read this
currric for its own merits and humor.
Bookstores are now carrying the first book.
Loose 'i'oils. and an ever-widening au-
dience has picked it up in newspapers
across the country. As Opus would say.
"(iii for it." l

 

 

l
Alive. it changes incessantly. il challenges
itself. it contradicts itself. and it receives ex-
ternal influences that at the same time irr-
creases it. and that want to operate
simultaneously as a threat arid a slilttllllli li
would be a delusion and an act of rc\\rlti
tiorrary stupidity to propose the rejection o:
European cultural contributions already in-_
corporated into our heritage and into the
universal heritage. arbitrarily reducing
those vast and complex cultures to the
rrrachtirery of imperialist alienation lrnpiicit
trt them Antl‘impertalism also is prey to irr-
faritile disorders.

The lack of what is denied to us need not
imply the refusal of what nurtures trs.
America need riot rydtrccl not renounce the
creative fruits of cultures which have
flowered in great intiasur‘tI thanks to a
liltllL'lli'll splendor not unconnected to the
|illlt'5.‘i exploitation of “ill people arid our
lands t r

 

SPECI‘S OF SUMMER 7.

v»... nmmaw—rw.

 

