my.

“t;

.m

 

A

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

Got The
Pro-Final
Blues?

 

 

 

 

457-7800

We Can Help With:

RELAM TION TRAﬂVﬂV G
STUDY SKILLS

TﬂllE MANA GEMEN T

 

Hotllne: 457-7800
Counsel Phone: 457-5279
or
Come in.
We are located on Dutch Quad
Schuyler 102

 

. m... .. euqhgﬂsqgﬁhgﬁx‘w?
. .V.

4 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS L'J APRIL 26. I983 ‘
____7 g V _ ‘gkA ‘: Av AAW

TROUBLE?

 

 

APRIL 26, 1983 E] ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 5

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

”l""””"""l
'0'0’oo
"' ' I
oo’opo’a’

  

 

 

Student Associatlon Presldent Mtke Corso

"One of the rims“! eolrtpetitive guards in the cormlry. "

B Maddl Kun

y . . ,
.VrrII-l' lt‘ltlilc‘ﬂ

 

Student Association President Michael
Corso will be presented with a certificate of
recognition and 51.000 at a reception in New
York City today as recipient of a Scholastic
Achievement Award from Recording for tire
Blind.

Recording for the Blind. a non-profit
organization which records textbooks for
blind students. presents these awards to the
highest rattkirtg blind sertior college students
lit the rtatiort.

Accordirtg to Coordinator of Disabled Sttt-
dent Services attd Assistant Deart of Student
Affairs Nartcy ltelwiclt. "Michael won one of
tlte ntost competitive awards irt the cottrttry."
Slte added tltat slte didn't remember the last
time someone from New York won the
award. “Thousands of seniors apply each
year." slte added. "It's rare tltat a studertt
front a public institution wins.”

The olltcr two recipients of the award are
front Vanderbilt University artd Nor-
thwestern University.

“It's a tticc ltonorz. l'm really ltappy abottt
it." said Corso. who plans to rise the money
for graduate school. "Albany is the only
school l‘m applying to." Corso said.

Tlte SA President hopes to use the services
of the Recording for the lllirtd irt graduate

SA President Mike Corso given $1,000 award

scltoo]. He explained. “RFD provided me
wltlt free tapes wltertcver ] requested them. ]
used the tapes during my first three years but
now that l'm a senior ] don‘t use them that
much." he added. mentioning that his course
load had lessened.

He added that half of his work is aided by
tapes and the remainder is read to him by
volunteer readers.

"i stand up lit the beginning of all my
classes artd ask for volunteers to read to me.
Sometimes in the beginning of the year ] get
.tbottt 25 calls." Corso said.

"it‘s difficult having to depend on people.
l‘vc ltad people ‘ancel on rtte right before a
test." Corso said. adding. "I take a lot ofrtty
exams cold."

He explained. “People read to rtte in two
ltour shifts continuously rigltt before a test.
Not one of my readers ltavc ever received less
than tt i) irt a cottrsc we‘ve taken. People who
have read to tire hate becottte fricrtds of mine
faster. lt‘s bcctt a real fruitful experience."

Corso. wlto started as a biology major artd
tltcrt s\\itcltcd to RCO. ltas maintained a 3.7
grade poirtt average at SUNYA. One student.
a friend and former reader of Corso's. lid
Fislttnan. commented. “it‘s really a
frustrating feeling for ltirtt (Corso) to be
holding something rigltt irt his ltand that
needs to be read to him witltin the hour and it
just can‘t he done."

University plans installation of new bleachers

 

By Marc lluspel
SIN/UR LII/It)”

 

strttclcd adjacent to University football fick
if sufficient funds are obtained. according tt
Urtiv'rsity President Vincent ()'I.cary.

The University has already received com
ntitrnents totaling 520.000 frortt community
sources. O'Leary added.

The bleachers attd a fertcc ettcirclirtg the
etttire football field will cost between
$l75.000 attd 3200.000. according to Physical
Plattt Director Dennis Stevens.

in addition to the rttortcy from the corn--
tntutity. O’l.cary said that $60,000 from the
Student Association‘s Athletic Surplus Fund
will be supplied.

This project is part of a four»stagc plan
designed to itttprovc Albany's outdoor
athletic facilities which would benefit botlt
the Uttivcrsity artd the corntttuttity. The plan
irtclttdes installation of bleachers. fencing.
lighting and artificial tttrf.

“This goes back to a plan that was
developed by a cottttttittcc several years ago."
said ()‘l.eary. “These funds are corttntittcd
to a certain project. They (the contributors)
say ‘Wc wattt to do something on which the
Uttivcrsity arid the corttrttuttity cart co]-
laboratc.‘ These would be funds otherwise
unavailable." ()‘lcttrv added.

The University l’restdcrtt cmpltasi/cd that
all funds committed so far have been
specifically directed towards the bttildirtg of
the bleachers. These funds are being solicited
solely front rton-Urtivcrsity sources. he said.
“There are all kinds of financing
possibilities." said 0’]. -ary. "We‘re

Bleachers to seat 2.500 people will be con}

 

prepared to raise the rttortcy — ttot state
funds."

Student Association President Mike Corso
stressed that the 360.000 in the Athletic
Surplus Fttrtd would rtot be allotted to the
University unless the University could equal
that amount and present concrete plans.
“Until the plarts are ready attd the money is
committed they‘re not gettirtg ttrty money ottt
of here.“ Corso said.

The Athletic Surplus Fund was cretttcd itt
P)!” by former SA President Sue Gold. The
560.000 was rttottcy trot spent by the Athletic
Dcparttttcttt am] also consisted of interest
earned. The fund was dcsigrted to ltclp bttild
attd increase outdoor facilities provided that
the University matches or surpasses the
funds. according to Corso.

()‘lcary said that the University is shy
M00000 front the cstirttatcd projected cost.
He said that through University fttnd raising.
the project could be pttt irt tttotiort for corn»
plctiort by September. He said that he ltad
originally hoped to ltave the facility cotu~
pletcd by .lttrte to accomodatc the Special
Olympics which will take place ltere dttrirtg
tltat rttotttlt. “One of tltc tltittgs that I would
ltave wartted to have done was to ltavc it for
the Special Olympics." said ()‘].eary. “We
were trying for it. It is a perfect cortttttttrtity
cvetll.H

'l'ltc bleachers are to be located on tlte grass
embankment lacing Urtivcrsity Gym. accor—
dittg to Stevens. There will be fifteen rows
separated by a tniddle stairway. They will
slrctclt front ertd [one to crtd lone and will be
closed. preventing wirtd frottt blowittg up
front ttttderncatlt. ltc said. There will be a
paved walkway itt frortt of the stands attd two

 

Bottle Bill delay proposed

Although tltc bottle bill was signed irtto
law on .lttne 15.]982 attd is scheduled to go
into effect on .luly ]. the issue isn‘t settled
yet.

Assentblytttan ()Iiver Koppel] (D-llrortx).
tlte original sponsor of the bottle bill irt the
Assembly. is proposing a bill to postportc tltc
enactment of the bottle bill. known as lltc
New York State Beverage Container Act. for
tltrcc months.

According to Assemblyman Koppel] the
extra tltrce months “would allow for a
smooth irrtplerttetttation" itt October instead
of the sttrttrttcr. the bottle industry's “busiest
time.”

The new bill. which also spells out labelling
requirements. this the ban on the plastic
loops used to ltold six-packs togetltcr if they
are bio-dcgradcable. attd gives the Depart-
ment of Environmental (.‘ortscrvatiott (DEC)
very clear authority to regulate tltc bottle bill.

passed by the Assembly Monday rtigltt.

.ludith Euck. Executive Director of tire En-
vironmental Planning Lobby (EPL) which
opposed the Koppel] bill. said the bill pro-
bably won't pass the Senate to become law
because the origitta] Senate sponsor. Senator
.lantcs Lack. (R—Suffolk) “strongly opposes
the delay."

ltt additiort to EPL. NYPIRG attd the
Sierra Club oppose the bill as well. mainly
because of the delay. “We don‘t wartt New
Yorkers to go through anotlter summer of lit—
ter." said Enck. Sltc also said the bottle in-
dttstry is already able to start on the origitta]
date.

The amendment irt the Koppel] bill giving
the DEC authority to regulate the bottle bill
“is redundant" said linck. bccattsc it has
already been cttactcd into law irt tltc original

bottle bill.
— Arny Kllgus

 

 

 

paved ramps will l'ad up front eaclt cttd. pro— tiort of the fertcc wottld relieve this problcrtt.
vidlrtg easy access. Entrance to the bi -acltcrs according to Albany State Athletic Director
will be controlled through art admission gate Dr. William Moore. “Fencing the area would
at the top of the structure. A fcrtce sitrtilar to enable us to ltave appropriate control of
the one already existing around tltc track will ctcnts. The admissions program would be
sttrrottttd the field. Stevens said. well managed. Previously. it has been dif-
Tlte construction will be dortc under tlte limit to collect tltc etttirc gate." he said.
supervision of the Physical Plartt Depart-
ntettt. accordittg to Stevens. “We will pro- While O‘Leary asserted that “we‘re not
bably use a contractor. We ltave received bttildirtg a football facility. it's for an out-
bids. bttt no decision has been ntade yet." be door lacility." Albany State ltead football
said. coach llob Ford saw two direct beneﬁts for
Presently. admission to the errtbartkrncrtt is his progrartt. He noted that it would attract
uttcotttrolled. Students can erttcr this area increasing attendance and would add more
tvitltottt payittg art admission price. The ercc— appeal to tire rccrttitirtg process. [l

 

_SA special elections held

 

Ily Amy
ll’I/tllt’f-ll uh

 

tsc ol‘f—carttpus Central Council attd
Alttttttti lloard elections on April I] artd ]4
were invalidated due to a voting machine
tttalfurtction. special elections were lteltl
Wednesday artd Thursday to fill positions on
botlt bodies.

Last week‘s off-campus Council electiorts
were voided due to an improperly programm—
ed voting macltine irt tltc Catnptts Ccttter.
which registered a vote for everyone on tlte
ballot each time sottteone voted for a
rtterttber. according to SA Vice President
Anrt Marie LaPorta.

The Altttttrti Board clectiorts were in-
validated bccausc ittcligiblc voters received
ballots. said Election Commissioner Ken
()ls‘cn.

There were only 222 votes cast itt tlte off-
cantptts Central Council special elections ttrtd
only ill] for Altttttni Board. The ol‘llcampus
Central Council represents approximately
5,000 students nttd Alumni Board represents
the ctttire Class of ]983.

()lsen said tltc special clcctiott turnottt was
“a little ttrtder last week's" and that it was
probably title to lack of publicity. although
they did as rnttclt publicizing as they cottld.
()lscn said. He added that the new results
reflected the original results.

Director of Strident Programming. Mark
chrin said the turrtout “was low. bttt to be
expected for a Central Council and Alumni
Board election." He said there was rtot tttttclt
publicity because there wasn't enough tinte.
SA didn't prolong the elections process. ac-
cording to chrin. because, “it would have
been silly to drag on the elections for publici-
ty.“
Newly elected Vice-President of the Class
of I984 Dart Robb said that the restilts were
“better than usual in bi-electiorts." He said
they did tvcl] “under tlte circurrtstances."

 

ttotittg the sltort ttotice artd little publicity.

SA President Mike Corso. who was elected
to Alumni lloard itt the election. said that it
was a “decent turnout" although he's "never
happy with the voter turnout" at SUNYA.
He said the results were average fora run-off
election. considering the gctteral election tur-
nout of around 25 percent. it was good for
SUNYA. said Corso. altltottglt “not good
enough."

Besides Corso. Mark Seigclstcirt. Phi] Gen-
tile. Mark \chrin. artd Rick Francolini were
elected to Alumni Board.

Among tltose elected for off- "tmpus Ccn~
tral Cottttcil were Bob l-lelbock. Mitch Feig.

Lisa Kerr. Dave Silk. and Neil Shapiro. r

 

 

 

Mark Weprln

"Turnout was low. "

 

 

  

