 
    
   

 

 

 

i;
f.
?

 

 

ALBA Y
STUD NT
PRESS -

‘ Sports

 

Cagers win again
page 19

 

FEBRUA R Y I. 1983

 

 

 

, Danes fall to Dragons; host Binghamton tonight

 

 

By Marc Huspel
\l‘thlNIlIIIItR

 

Dick Saucrs sat pensiver on a bettcli out‘
side his team's losing lockcri'ooin. The pain
of Albany State's third consecutch
SUNYAC Fast loss colored the tread
coach's fairriliar iirtetise countenance. llis
tearir had just lost to the Cortland ‘Rcd
Dragons. 79-75.

‘ “l have not iruplanlerl the seeds of men-
tal toughness in iltcttt. that's my fault. not
theirs." he said. “We're making a lot of
mental mistakes right now." ‘

"We are .is good a leaiil as we were when
were il-l ."

itut since iliar time. the Danes have
tallcu. Allrariy lttsl the title game of the
(ircal Daire (‘lassic and. with the loss to
(ortlrtnd. closed out a dismal laurraiy with
2-5 record.

“I have not im-
planted the seeds of
mental toughness in
them. That’s my
fault, not theirs. ”
- Dick Sauers

“We're getting ourselves into a hole aird
that means that .s‘t.‘ have to work twice as
trard to get out." said center and err-captain
.loirtr Dicckeiinau. “We have to just stop
talking abotit playilrg better atid start doing
it."

Datre forward Wilson Thomas said. "i
think this year. learns are more lruirgry.
liverybody is out to get its. We‘re working
hard but so are the others."

The Cortland Red Dragons were out to
get the Ditties Saturday evening. The
Dragons treated their 622 loyals oir Corey
Gymnasium Dedication Night to some fine
transition basketball and some hot—handed
shooting. The Dragons sank an impressive
.10 of 4] atlenrpts for a 69 percent average.
Led by their speedy guard. Tom Span-

 

 l'

 

WILL VURMAN UPS

John Dleckelmirn scored 23 points against Cortland in a iosln t
Danesvdropped their third consecutive SUNYAC-East game. 9 9 “ml The

butter. with 27 points. Cortland took the
advantage witlt less than four minutes gone
by aird never gave it back. The Dragons
opened a seven-point spread at one rrtoirrerrt
of the half but left for intermission itr from
only by two points. 37-35.

Meanwhile. Dieekelntatt was the lrot rriaii

for Albany in the first half. He had 14 ol'lris
23 for the night. itul the 6‘5" cetrter fell iii-
to foul trottble -ar|y in the second half aird
bceatrre less effective. He was wliistlctl tor
the fourth tinre midway through the second
half. -
During that half. the Dragons began to
plill away. When Mike McClain diose to
the litiop at the “:22 mark, Cortland had
itself a IZ-poiirt. 59-47. lead.

lint Albany kept chipping at tliat lead.
'l'lrornas hit a shot from the foul line witlt ,‘ltl
seconds left to play to put the Danes within
four points. four seconds later Albany
regained possession rrrrd Thomas was called

SU NYAC-I'Iasl Race

il’ I. ( ll!
Pritsr/mii (i I -
rl Ilia/iv J .i 2
Curl/mid .i 3 2’ .-
I’Ir/IIs/iirrgli 2 .i 3
()iteri/ilu 2 J ,l i r
liiirglruiiito/r I 4 4

 

for an offensive foul against defender Walt
Henson. Henson. shooting orrc-aird-one.
hit theul'irst one to pirt Cortland ahead by
live.

Dieckelrrtan, their. responded with a
reverse layup that split the net with In
seconds left to irrakc the score 76-73. lint
that was as close as the Danes were to get as
Henson returned to the foul litre atrd sairk
two more free throws.

The loss dropped Albany‘s overall record
to iii-7 and kept the Danes iii second place.
a half garlic iir front of Cortland and a fiill
gairre itr front of l’lattsburgh iii the

SUNYAC Eastern division. Potsdam. by
virtue of their wiir over ()neorita last
weekend, is securely in first place with a

17>

Disappointed g‘rapplers drop two tough meets

 

By Marc Sehwarz
A SSUCI/l IE A'I'OH f3 LDIIUR

 

The Albairy Stale wrestling team lost two
matches in a row for the first time all season
as they were defeated by Army atrd St.
l.awrcnce University. Saturday in Universi-
ty (iynr.

Albany opened up the day by beating the
University of Massachusetts in the first
tiralcli of the four-team meet. The 1-2
record on the day. dropped the Danes to
11—] on the serrrester.

“it's disappointing. liut i feel we did it
representative job against two very tough
tennis." Head (.‘oaclt Joe l)eMeo said.

'l he sixth-ranked Division ill Danes stre-
ciriirbed to the third ranked St. Lawrence
Saints 274‘). Albany opened up strong
against their opponents. moving to an early
19-] lead.

Dave Averill recorded his second win of
the day. decisionlng Keith Crowningshicld
l2v3. He had previously pinned Mark
Weisirrair of U. Mass in Albany's 34-14 vic-
tory.

Rob Spagnoli and Spero Theofilatoes
easily defeated their oppoiieirts. giving
Arbairy a commanding lead. in the
l42-pound weight class. lid Gleason nar-
rowly lost to Jeff Mattais' 6-5. enabling the
Saints to crawl brick into the match.

F: liowing a pin by Andy Seras. his se-
cond of the day. Albany lost four con-
secutive matches. Alan Marwill lost 12-5 to

Mike St. Amour for his second loss of the
day and only the second of the year for the
freshman. i-ie irad entered the day with a
perfect 8-0 record.

“Alan went to Europe for a couple of

weeks diiriirg the brc k and that has slowed _

 

him up a bit." l)eMeo said.

Albany suffered a serious blow to their
winiriirg effort. when they suffered three
consecutive pins. St. Lawrence jumped in
front of Albairy for the first tinre in the
meet 24-19. The meet was to be decided by
- .

 

 

 

ALAN CALEM UPS

Ed Gleason won two at three matches this weekend. but his tough 6-5 teen to
Jail Mettale wee instrumental In St. Lawrencee'e narrow victory over Albany.

the final irratclr between heavyweights Vic

Herman arid the Saints Mike Connors. ller-

man needed to pin Connors to give Albany

the victory. '

“When lid (Gleason) lost. that changed
oirr whole strategy. it forced Vic to go for
the fall iii the last match." l)eMeo sttltl.

llcrrnait was thwarted in his attempt. and
('onnors came out victorioris 4—].

"We just did not wrestle very sharp iir
sonre classes." l)eMeo said. “.lcrry Clark
was up iir his match (at 167 pounds) and
their got pinned. 'l'hat liriit. Jerry's been ill-
jui'ed atrd has also been wrestling out of his
class."

Albany entered the filial rirateli with Ar-
my looking to be victorious on the day. The
unbeaten Division l Cadets proved to be a
formidable opponent.

Arnry defeated the Danes ill-it) in a
iiratcli that l)eMeo felt was closer than the
score indicated.

“We were ill nrost ol' the matches. lrul
were unable to yet over the hump." he said.
"On another day we collld have beat them.
On the positive side. we gave a good ac-
count of ourselves aird learned a lot from
the loss."

Gleason. Scras and ilernrair provided
Albany with the only victories against the

tough Army team. Seras. who is undefeated
this year at l4-0. easily held off Chris
Larsen for a l7-6 win.
12>

 

 

PUBLISHED AT THE STA TE UNIVERSITY OF NEW Y

 

VOLUME LXX

RCO dept. now
official member
of the social '

science school

Faculty being added
while rhetoric is
slowly phased out

  

 

By Victor [is
  L, r... ,,__..,-..__A_

The Riretoric and (‘onrnruni'atioirs
(RCO) department has officially transfer
red from the College of Humanities and
Fine Arts to the College of Social and
behavioral Sciences Monday.

After temporarily losing over one-third
of its faculty members due to a hiring freeze
lirst March. the RC0 department has now
been singled out for gradual growth and
development by the administration.
However. the only corrrmittnrcnt the ad-
ministration has made to date is that once
funds become available. the department
will be iir litre for an allotment. according to
Kathleen Kendall acting RCO chair.

Vice—President of Academic Affairs
Judith A. Ramalcy said. “Given our limited
budget we cannot pour a lot of resources irr-
to any program." She added that President
O'Leary is aware of the difficulties in the
RC0 department. rind supports the corr-
liirualiorr of the study of communications
at SUNYA.

O‘Lcary. who was not available for corri-
ment. is expected to make a statement in the
near future regarding the changes in the.
RCO department. and the renewed support
of the program. said Ratrraly.

Kendall described a two-fold reason to
rrrove RCO to the College of Social arid
ltehavioral Sciences. First. she said. the irr-
tcllcctttal ties are more coiirpalible with the
other disciplines iir the college. such as
sociology. anthropology. and psychology.
and second; Dean of the College of Social
and Behavioral Sciences John Webb is a
strong communication discipline supporter.
"He (Webb) has been articulate and
energetic in his support and has stressed the
urgency of our status being settled im-
mediately." said Kendall. “We are
delighted to be under his leadership. Flt: is a
strong advocate for our field." Where as
John Shumaker. Dean of the College of
Humanities and Fine Arts. was not. “it wss
nor in his (Shumaker's) plans." commented
Kendall.

The RCO department. when fully staff-
ed. lrad 13 faculty members in Spring t98l.
Since the bridgct cuts. the deparltrrcnt has
lrceir forced to operate with seven full-time
faculty members aird one half-time
member. With a total of lit RCO majors
(including graduate and doctoral students).
there is rtir approximate 50 to i student-
lcltCltCt‘ ratio. However. the department was
allowed to hire four part-time lecturers this
scirreslcr. considered to be a sign of support
fiorrr the administration.

To further alletiate tlrc overcrowding
problcrrr. Kendall added that admissions rc—
tprir‘crrrerrls are being instituted by the
dcpartnrerrt in the fall.

"The change iii the iraiire of the degree
will open doors that rhetoric couldn't.“
said former RCO chair Joseph Woclfcl.
“There will be many more crriploymeni op—

 
 
   

,/

ORK AT ALBANY BY THE ALBANY STUDENT PRESS CORPORA TION
1' 'day

February 4, 1.983

ALBANY
STUDENT
PRESS

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

790 . .
Albany’s shrinking
teaching
"0 faculty
. 667
' h ' 1.. I‘. a I .
73-74 82-83 . 83-84
' (PROPOSED)

 

 

 

 

 

 

12>

 

UPS

Above: President Vincent O‘Leary: Below: graph indicates decline in tacutty
"I 'In facing us grave a situation as l have as president. ”

Cuomo’s budget
SUN YA: O’Leary

By Mark Hammond
hint/l ilk/HIM

 

 

 

As part of Gov. Mario (‘uomo‘s “share
the pain" budget theory. Albany State ad-
ministrators face some grave decisions over
where to pure some l(r(r faculty members
from their ranks.

The SUNYA faculty, a virtual certainly.
are Albany's share of 1.569 cuts from
SUNY‘s 29 campuses. This is a portion oi
the 14.00 state worker layoffs (.‘uomo call-
ed for this week in his $18 billion executive
spending package.

“l'iu facing us grave a situation as i have
faced as President." said University Presi—
dent Vincent ()‘Lcary. “(Tire clits) are go-
itrg to seriously blirt Albany."

Cuomo's eirts boil down to a loss of 73
t ‘achirrg faculty and 93 non-teaching facul—
ty on the Albany campus. 73 less teachers
would \v'ttkcn the faculty corps from the
present 740 to 667, the lowest iii a decade.

in addition. Albany's student ranks have
swelled to nearly 13,600. the highest in a
decade. ltrrd thus worsening the strident-io—
teacher ratio to about 25-l.

SUNYA Vice-President of l‘lttiltltiL‘ and
litisirrcss'Joliir llartigair indicated that the
faculty cuts are more severe than they tip»
pear. as l3] faculty irrciirbers were lost
through attrition ’tiL‘ttltCy last year during
the State Division of liirdget's nine-month
hiring freeze. All told. SUNYA is operating
at about 300 less employees tlratr two years
ago.

While 7] academic faculty will probably

cuts deeply into
is apprehensive

be lost. hence weakening certain depart-
rrrerrts. O'l.‘ary said he was unable to say
which departrrrerrts would be targeted.

That decision. he said. will be the deter-
mination of the Budget Panel. a l‘)-tneinber
group of studentsatrd t'aclters who will
study atrd consider suggestions and pleas
frotir individual academic departments.

The bits service. Unhersity Police. the
physical plant and other service depart-
rireirts will be hardest hit by the 93 jobs lost
by non-teaching persoltirel. llartigan said.
He indicated strideirts catr expect a less-
frequent lrtis schedule irext y at.

SA President Mike (‘orso is “sure the
buses will be affected. Services will be hit
rirore than academics." Corso also e\pects
cirts in the University Police department,
btii said, “l'm sure President ()‘Leary is
not going to endanger siriderrts' safety."

“The effect of this budget is
catastrophic." (‘oi'so added. “No orrc‘s go—
ing to come out of this without blood."

()‘icary referred back to tire year's
I‘)75-7(r. when Albany was forced to lay off
85 faculty nierrrbers. llre wake of which
eliminated entire departments and effected
a inassi\e cutback in student services.

Albany's financial woes. as well as its
future plans. hate been detailed iii a
4‘)-ptrgc guide entitled “Programs aird
Priorities" which ()'I.ear'y issued itr early
January.

Tire report stated that SUNYA has lost
about 50 teachers since 1973-74. when the
staff stood at 790. Since their. the university

5D

 

 

  
     

NUMBER 3

    

Solomdn Law
is opposed:
called unlawful,
unnecessary

lly Dean lletz
rnmm t.\ t‘Hli.I
Strident activists atrd ﬁnancial aid ad-
ministrators iir Albany aird around the state
are voicing strong opposition to new federal
regulations t‘cquiritrg’male college students
to prove they registered for the draft before
they are eligible for government-sponsorcd
loans and financial aid. .
Minnesota Public Interest Research
Group (MPIRG) and the Mirrrresola Civil
Liberties Union (McLU) have filed a siril in
a Minneapolis federal district court
challenging the regulations on four legal
rind constitutional points. Tire regulations
are the result of it bill signed into law by
President Rorurid Reagan Sept. 8. i982.
MPIRG Executive Director Jim Miller
srrid that the judge bearing the case was ex»
peeled to rule on a rnolion for a preliminary
injunction lrrrlting implementation of the
regulations during the week of Feb. 14.

The regulations. scheduled to take effect
June 1. carry out a measure introduced in
Congress by Rep. Jerry Solomon (R-NY.
Glens Falls) and passed last fall.

SASU'has‘taken a strong stand e'gnimt
the regulations. dubbed the Solomon
Amendment after its chief sponsor.
SASU‘s literature on the regulations object
on the following grounds:

>They violate the constitutional princi-
ple of due process.

> That current criminal penalties provide
sufficient judicial procedures for dealing
with registration resistors.

p The bureaucratic delay involved iir im-
pletnentation of the law will result in the
slowing and possible denial of student aid
to those who have registered and are unable
to provide necessary documentation.

>Tlre time burden placed on financial
aid officers and the Department of Educa-
tion on verification of registration records
will place a large financial crush on the
departments required to check claims of
compliance.

SASU President Jim Tierney called the
requirements “a gross injustice. The
students who will really suffer will be the
poor and middle income who depend on
ﬁnancial aid to go to school."

SUNYA Director of Financial Aid
Donald Whitiock said that the ad-
ministrative workload of processing paper-
work involvcd in implementing the regula-
tions “exceeds the resources of the Finan-
cial Aid Office." “With 39 million in stu-
u‘enr loan business in one academic year.
rccertification every year will be a
nightmare.“ \Vlritlock said.

He explained that the irreaslirc would,
“impede the disbursement of monies to
students. We irrust verify the registration.
and if a student lrtts not yet received his of.
licial notice of registration he can file an af~
fidavit and has [20 days iir which to pro-
dtrcc evidence. and i can just see the Selec—
tive Service gelling bogged down—it is a
frightful mess."

Whillock, president of the SUNY Finan-
cial Aid Officers Association. suggested a
simpler means 'of enforcing the regulations.
“if you look at the affirmation of C(lltcﬂ'
tiorral purpose. that used to be an affidavit.

7b

Albany State basketball teams top Binghamton— p. 15

