 

Ga ASPECTS

Between The Lines'

1 Accidents Will Happen

by John Keenan’

' he glass shatters. and
l the noise explodes.

around him. the world
dissolving into noisy. jagged
shards. The pain jolts up his left
leg. shocking. this can't be hap-
penth to me. what's wrong? He
doesn't consciously steer. can't
consciously steer. just finds.
himself safely up on the
shoulder. the old Fury bucking
and wheezing underneath him.
lris left leg afire.

He looks through the remains
of the windshield at the smoke
rising from the radiator and
shudders Got to get out. the
car's gonna explode!

It's a stupid thought. brought
on by too many old cop movies.
but he doesn't realize this. just
grabs the edge of the broker
driver's window and herrves
himself out. landing hard on the
cold morning grass. He rolls over
on his back. sucktrig air. and
looks up at his car.

it's totaled. the left side com-
pletely caved in. Oh. God. I
could've been driving the
Chevette. id be dead. A wave of
sick fear washes over him. and
he starts to shake violently.
Fuckup. fuckup. fuckup. a
gigantic mistake has been made.
he is sure that he Is the one who
made it.

A man runs over to stand
above him. and he grabs fran-
tically at him. babbling. l'm
sorry. l'm sorry. The man is
reassuring. soothing.

. .

its ,_ j". '
ludrl'the, draféifl‘ies
.' tot ten-daﬁi,

aging maﬁa

- oar. hone”

twill not - . ’
until the last'l

.0 au‘r;K >'-§~

,a-‘q
o—a-

-
everything's all right. the am-
bulance is coming.

Ambulance. He twlsts around
to look at the other car. just as
bad as his. he sees the other
driver slumped against the dash
as people gather round the car.
Ambulance. l‘le grabs at the big
man's shirt. this isn't right. lcan'i
be going to the hospital. I have
to go to school!

is the other guy all right? he
rsks pleadingly. and the man
nnilr-s. she's fine. she. and that
\Uflrd rebounds throughout his
mind. she. omigod. l'm sorry.
sorry. sorry. and he's babbling as
the man starts to leave but he
grabs him again. Don't leave!

He's over here." the man
calls. and as he turns his head he
sees the ambulance and then
closes his eyes so he doesn‘t
have to see anymore. l'm sorry.
the Word spins through his head.
and he is gasping it when the
firemen arrive. sorry. as they
raise him up in a stretcher and
slide him into the ambulance.
sorry as they close the door and
ride away. He lays back and
throws his arm over his
eyes.This can't be happening
Have 1 just ruined my whole life?
They are cutting open the
woman's car as the ambulance
drives off.

has broken Its‘ brittle bones ‘ "
under a warm glove of sun;

l.will fight you winter

because i don't like the way'you'r-blue lips "

graze the sides of my cheeks.

_‘

\

. 6:3

_\

“it

"Ma?" Later. in the hospital
lobby. teat-streaked and muddy.
They've cut open his new pants
to look at his leg. and he can feel
the people's eyes on him as he
stands at the phone. “Ma. l'm at
“he hospital. l've been in an accl-
.lent." He looks at the door of
the X-ray room. where they'd
wheeled Mrs. Zinrmer five
minutes before. Please be all
right. "You triad at me?"

He feels the fear. there was a
'ed light. l never even saw it. l
swear i never saw it. oh god.
everything's fucked up. l'm
sorry. l'rri sorry. l'rrr sorry. . .

He wakes up at home the next
day and rolls over to look out the
window. Hts car isn't in the
driveway. He lays back in his
bed again. clutching the
darkness of the room to him.
Almost time for school. He
needs school. needs to tell peo-
ple about the accident. It's a fact.
it gets less horrible every time
you tell it. every time he says
“and i swear. l never saw the

laugh. it gets that much easier to
forget he almost died. No pro-
blem. He starts to shake again.
but controls hirrrself. can't get
hysterical again. morn'll keep
him home and today he needs
school. needs normality fiercely.
needs the sympathy he's going
to get. The Electra was white.
really big. and he had seen it
coming. it hadn't come slowly at
all. afterwards his father had ask-
ed him. Dtdn't it seem to be go-
ing real slow. taking a real long
time to reach you? He had
shaken his head emphatically.
Nossir. the car had honked
twice. he'd seen it coming and
bangl it was there. He shlvered
in bed and drew the covers
around him. Sorry. the word
whispers faintly at the edges of
his mind, but he pushes it away

fucking thing.” and all his friends‘ firmly. it was an accident. that's

.-. .- ..»..~amw&§r-

NOVEMBER 18, 1983

what everyone had said. lii‘
surance would take care of Mrs.
Zimmer's car. and nobody was
hurt. Nothing to be sorry for.
The crutches hurt his
underarms. and he smiles for the
first time in two days. Lucky he
got off that easy. a “rattled”
knee. no sweat. He grins again.
imagining his frierids' reactions.
and as he turns the hall. he sees
them all lined up in front of
English class waiting for the class
inside to end. He smiles as they
come over and says softly.
“Guess what happened to
me?" f_l

 

"J-tl 1 .

 

it's City S
Western swing bands perform to
November 18. 8 pm. at Page Hall

wing Meets Louritly owing when the area's top swing-jazz and
gether for the first time ever on Friday.

The Fabulous 'Armadillos and The Rhythm Boys combine their sharp must-
cianship to benefit the Regional Emergency Food Taskforce (REFT). REFT
works with area food companies to salvage surplus and cosmetically damaged
food for distribution to programs feeding people In need in and around the
Capital District. Proceeds will help continue this project.

 

 

 

NOVEMBER 18. 1983

 

', ' Plat;r It Ag

aughter.
l Comedians crave laughter.
These men who stand alone on a
bare stage do it for one reason: attention.
[an Spelling

1

The funnier they are. the more attention
they receive.

No comedian cares whether or not it is .

they. themselves. or their joke which has
elicited the audience's signal of approval.
Laughter. after all. is laughter.
George Carlin appreciates laughter. and in
order for him to hear it. he tours the country
making people laugh. Between heart at
tacks. the comedian finds time to play to
small theaters In small towns. On November
1 1. in his only local appearance. Carlln per
formed at the beautiful and newly renovated
l’rocior"5 in Schenectady. He took the stage
.n nine o'clock and it was for the night.
During the performance. Carlin rarely us-
ud ethic or racial jokes; rather. he told stories
about embarrassing SilUrtllimS which occur in
everyday life He opened the show by asking
the audience to jltlii him for a ride in his car.
He pointed out the fact that anyone driving
slower than you is an idiot. and that
everyone going faster than you is a trianlac.
At all costs. he told the crowd. avoid “Ghost
Cars"-any car llt which the only thing visible
is the top of a woman's head. or in some
cases. just a pair of hands that barely reach
the top of the steering wheel. Carlin begged
us to have a little firn- it is your car and your
road (You pay taxes. right?). but. he warn-
ed. try to tell the cop that after he catches
you doing 112 in a 55 MPH. zone.
Without missing a beat. Carlin proceeded
to tell the audience about his daily breakfast
the recorded his cereal- "The Best of Rice
Krisples Volume 1". so he could eat his
beloved Raisin lirari while listening to the
Krisples). and about New Jersey (it should
be called the Toll Booth State- you can't

 

leave your driveway wrthout some sclirnuck
In a hat asking for 50 cents).

Carlin wrapped up the show by enacting
the routine on which he has built his career:
"The Seven Words You Can’t Say on
Television". These words rocked the
establishment in 1973. when a man traveling
with his thirteen~year old son objected to
hearing profanities over the radio and
brought the case before the Supreme Court.
The Justices ruled that it was legal for the
Federal Communication Commission (FCC)
to restrict radio stations from airing Indecent

Chuckles And China

ain, George

 

material during the hours in which children
might be listening. However. the Court
never defined "obscene." nor did they
establish how old a "child" actually is
Therefore. coirirriunities set their own stan-
dards as to what could or could not be
broadcasted Undaunted. Carlin has been
adding many a dirty word to the original
seven over the years As of November.
1083. the list contained nearly 150 words.
For the same reasons that these words' can
irot be spoken on television or radio they can
not be written in the newspaper.

Carlin is a funny man. He doesn't rust get

 

on stage and utter one liners. Like Pryor,
Williams. and Dangerﬁeld. his comedy is
physical; he refuses to stand still. Jokes or
stories that might not have received a hardy
response are enlightened by Carltn's use of
body language. During the car routine. for
instance. the comedian sat in a chair and
pretended to check and adjust the mirrors.
open and shut the doors. etc. For Carlin.
though. motion alone was not enough; he
also executed the various noises one hears
while traveling one the road. He is a com-
plete comedian. a real one-man band.

Although Carlin Is one of a klrid. his act is
not. it had been done before by Carlin
himself. All of the material had been
previously performed. either on The Home
Box Office (HBO) special " Carlin at
Carnegie" or during the summer leg of iris
tour in Atlantic City. People may not mind
paying to see a good motion picture the se-
cond time. but a comedian reliarsliirig his
material is not as humorous the second time
around. nor is it worth the admission price.

In all fairness. one must syrrrpathize with
IhtI man standing alone on a stage; he faces
marry hardships not encountered by other
types of performers. A i‘rrllti'dlriti must
possess a higher degree of stage pres-Inn:
than a rock group. for instance. because
comics perform in theaters rather than In
large arenas He must have a good audience
rapport to he sucessful. whereas the hand
needs only to be loud. Another advantage
that the band enjoys is that their fairs arr-
trctpate and look forward to tlieiri playing live
versions of their most popular studio
material. Sirirultaneously. comedians are ex-
pected not to use old jokes because
everyone has heard them before (Catch-22);
their fairs want fresh and better material each
time out. '

Given this quasi-alibi. Carlin can not be
condemned for the lack of new material.
lloweverJris legions of fans have a right to
expect Carlin to return to Proctor's next year
armed With an arsenal of new jokes. 1]

Youth In Communist China

hao Xlao than was pulled out of
school at the age of fifteen and
ordered to work in factories and
rice fields for ten ears.
Steve Marks

Speaking before the history department's
Youth and Modern Culture class last
Wednesday. Zhao discussed her experiences
while growing up during the Chinese cultural
revolution of 196i) She lshere as a graduate
student studying the American Civil War and
the Reconstruction period as part of the ex
change program between SUNYA and the
People's Republic of China.

“in 1966. we were taught by the revolti-
tiorr that the ideas we had learned in the paSr
were useless." Zhao said. “In 1908. city
students were told to go to the countryside
and work."

Born and schooled in Shanghai. Zhao was
sent to Xlalang. "a small village surrounded
by mountains." where she worked planting
rice from morning to night. “1 was only fit»
teen." she said. “and i had to earn my own
“my. living in primitive conditions."

Beginning in lean. students were sent to
work in underdeveloped areas as part of a
cultural movement carried out by Red
Chinese leftists. Mao 'l'si' lung launched this
levoluttonary attack in order to reinforce and
preserve the ideals of the Chinese Coin-
rnirriist Party.

The Red (iriard. a national mobilization of
Chinese youth. was conceived to expose.
(:riflclze. and even seize power from tilledcd

' “bourgeois power holders " intellectuals and

rureaucrats were persecuted during the
= iovernent.

Accordingly. Zhao's parents. both
eachers. were “critictaed” by the leftists. and
ust tlielr positions at a Shanghai university.
‘People no longer had classes." said Zliao.
'lnstead. people came to teach them how to
evolutionize."

Zhao said that her brother. caught up in

e fervor of Maoist idealism. was

 

"unhappy" with her mother. causing tension
within the family.

Asked about the differences between
Chinese and American youth. Zhao said that
the main difference lies in the fact that
American students have not experienced
such a palrrful perier as the Chinese have.
Zhao pointed out that "American students
have harl relatively smooth educational ex-
periences." whereas the Chinese people of
her generation have endured years of
political and social upheaval.

Professor l.i~Hua Yu of SUNYA's Chinese
Studies department attended Zhao's discus»
sion. and elaborated on the educational ex~

perlences of ChinesiI youth. "in Clrrna there
are very few colleges and too many people.

. Only four to five percent of college-age peo~
ple are enrolled in School."

Yu also said that jobs in China are assign~
ed by the government. and that many eigh-
teen to twenty year olds do not get them.
"Therefore." she said. "many young pcople
end up doing nothing for forrr years "

For these reasons. according to Yu. some
young (‘liinese have become disillusioned
with the government and its policies
However. she said. most people havr' faith
in the government and are intenser idealistic
about the future.

Zhao echoed this feeling. “I saw iriyself as
a pioneer of my age." As a laborer during the
revolution. she said. she was eager to make
changes. to improve China.

in May 1077. she was allowed to apply to
*‘udan University in Peking. and was ac-
:epted ller enthusiasm for the future of
China has been re‘clianneled through
Jducailolt as a history teacher.

Zhao appeared to exemplify the optimism
of Chinese youth. who seem to be the.
vaiiguards of change in China. She said. “1
know the problems. i have seen changes.
and l have hope for the future."

 

