 

 

x.

 

   

.

4 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS I t NOVEMBER 9.1983

SA minority office gains widespread approval

 

 

 

By Ilene Weinsteln '

After several months in operationusmdent
Association's Minority Affairs Ofﬁce and
Coordinator have received favorable reviews
from SA's executives and mostly positive
reviews from a number of minority group
leaders. ..

Some minority group leaders. said
however. that they had not yet fully utilized
the services of the Minority Affairs Ofﬁce.
but planned to in the future.

Hoping to increase minority student in-
volvement. last May SA ofﬁcials created the
position of Minority Affairs Coordinator
with a stipend of $l.375. and appointed Vi-
vian Vasquez to the position.

According to SA Vice-President Jeff
Schneider Vasqucz's job inclitdcs working
with minority issues. students. and groups.

Tire Mirrorin Affairs Ofﬁce ltandlcs all
groups. including ASUBA. Feminist
Alliance. Fuena Latina. Gay and Lesbian
Alliance. irish Club. JSC-Hillcl. interna-
tional Student Association. University Ac-
tiort for the Disabled. and Returning Women
Students. explained Vasquez. Part of her job
also includes the "chairpersonship of the
Mirtortiy Task Force Board" which was
created along with the Minority Affairs Divi-
sion to hear minority related complaints and
research problems minorities fticc on catn-
pus.

Vasquez said site arid the leaders of several
minority orgarriratioiis are working oti ati
open house for Nov. l9. to welcome mitiority
high school and transfer students iii the
capital district and increase minority enroll-
tttctrl at SUNYA.

There are many minorities iii the area. and
the minority groups provide role riiodels.
noted Vasquez. "Personal cotitact is say irri-
portarit for recruitment.“ she added.

The idea of establishing a minority affairs
ofﬁce was formed during "a Minority
Students Candidate Forum. wireti Jeff
(Schneider) and l \\crc running for election
last year." said SA President Rich Schaffer.

lie and Schneider were “approached by

 

 

 

 

WARREN SlOUf Ill“,

Director of minority student services Carl Martin

l’uithr-z has been doing rm "t‘.\'t‘t‘//t'll/ jtJ/l. "
members of i-‘iteraa iatiria. ASUilA arid
i’an-(‘arrihbean Alliance." who felt there
was "a necessity for more contact" bctncen
the groups and SA. (‘cntral L'otiricil \otcd
unanimously. according to Scltafl'cr. to
create funding for Vasquer's position.

“Nittc people were intctsiestcd" lot the
job of coordinator. according to Schat'fct.
“and it “as a really tough process." Several
people froin different minority groups sat iii
on the process. Schal'l‘er cutltlillL‘tl.

"l has interviewed for four days. They
were really concerned with the person's
dedication and ability to handle the
pressure." said Vasqiicl. \\ho was chairper-
son of recruitment and later treasurer for
l~'ucr/a l.atiiia. during her freshman and
sophomore years at SUNYA.

“'i'ltis is my first time working \\ith air all

while staff.“ said Vasqith. "l’eople had to
get used to me and i had to get used to
them,"

"Not knowing things right off the but“
about minorities such as "gays. wotricri arid
the disabled." might have been a detriment.
according to Schaffer. "We looked for open-
tuiridedricss and art ability to deal \\ith others
“hurt he interviewed iltfl. She is able to ad-
just to any situation. Right now. it is not a
dctririient; \‘isiari has been able to work with
these students." he added.

"Personally. i don't feel it will be a hard-
ship. ] do feel that she has yet to learn thc
needs of our organi/atiorr and other minority
groups on campus.“ says Sandra 1 ainb.
President of Ulii\L‘t’\il)' Action for the
Disabled lUAl)).

\‘asqiiel. according to lamb. “tirade its

aware of their ofﬁce and its services. and that
we should call on them. As far as i know, my
one has used their schices. yer. lint. \\e ii..-
always looking for help."

“l'm glad that Jewish students are illt’iilti»
ed in the Minortiy Affairs ()Ificc." said
Sheryl Smith, former President or rat.
Hillel. “We are a trtinority on this Cilllllllts
and ottr needs aren't always met." litt'lt' is
“a whole load of attli-seriiitism on Citltlttt|s_"
according to Vasquez. “even though ilt'\\\]
are in the majority“ on the Albany campus

"No once iri Hillel. as far as i know it...

used the office. yet." according to iltttllllt'
Friedbaum. Vice-President of l’ttigtutitrmny
for JSC—Hillel. “But if it is open to us he \\Iil
certainly take full advantage of it."
"i tliitik she (Vasquez) has been titllili' .iri cs
ccllerit job." said Carl Martin. [)liL'tltIi .ii
Minority Strident Services and Amaran-
Dean for Student Affairs. it was a pond ltlt'il
to create such a position. according to \t.ri
tin. “for several reasons. One. it shout. out
ccrti and interest on the part ol SA. and in...
operationally. they now have soriicoiii utiii
will give a iitirrority pctspcctisc. \\illilt llrt‘.
didn‘t have. across the board from lilt' i'o i
dent. Vice-President and Controller."

Martin. who has worked in corona llrtii
\sitli Vasquez on the open house for minor v.
recruitment. does not see any illlllilt'tii"'.'
on his office. "We are concerned or.-
triatiy of the same issues. btit \\t ll
cooperating. iii no way coiitiictiiw
However. "the wider the scope of the tilt
the more difficult the task." he said " ti-
fiilly informed is quite a job. lilt‘it‘ .tlt
fcrent groups and different needs. Hin-
soti may not be able to handle it UliL‘let . ‘

“Vivian is preparing a semester it‘)\tlrt
me." according to Hchaffcr. “arid i am iii
an independent study on the Minority \rii
Division for i'iililk i’ogue (Vicc»l’icsideri‘ ‘

l

Student Affairs). There is a possibiliti 

next year's adrnitiistratioti to hroe a L't’lr :
minority affairs coordinator and lot
minority division to be split into ill.
subgroups."

 

 

CC BALLROOM

FIR

PARTY

ST 100 WITH TOGAS GET

FREE DOOR PRIZE

FRIDAY, NOV. 11
9:00PM-1:00AM

Beer, Cider, Munchies

@6604lk1

s3

SPONSORED BY:

AZW

6‘1

K9
6222)

NOVEMBER 9.1983 G ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 5

 

Hentoff sneaks on media rightsat conference

 

LISA SIMMONS UPS

Columnist Nat Hentoff
"The ﬁrst amendment is paramount"

By Jar Camplone
EDITOR AL ASSIS am

Nat Hentoff. noted Village Voice
columnist and ﬁrst amendment ad-
vocate. ﬁrmly reafﬁrmed his belief
that “the ﬁrst amendment is para-
mount" when he spoke to a group
of student journalists at SUNYA
Friday at the Fourth Statewide Stu-
dent Media Conference.

Hentoff. who titled his lecture
“A free and responsible press —
who’s responsible?" spoke of both
the professional and student press
and cited examples of responsibility
and irresponsibility in both sectors.
He also discussed the role of stu-
dent government and ad-
ministrators in regulating the stu-
dent press.

In speaking of the professional
press. Hentoff cited two different
examples of what he said is ir-
responsible journalism. in the ﬁrst.
he told of an incident which occur-
red in the early 19705 in which the
press cooperated with the CiA and
didn't run a story about an opera-
tion the agency was performing in
the Paciﬁc which involved raising
the wreckage of a downed Russian
submarine. What Hentoff couldn't
understand was why those who
knew didn't leak it to sotrieorie to
run it.

Hentoff discussed the recent deci-
sion by CBS and “60 Minutes" to
show tapes of John DeLorean being
arrested by FBI agents as another
case of media irresponsibility. This.
Hentoff claimed. “was

disgusting." in speaking about who
the press is responsible to, Hentoff
said “in the ﬁrst case. to the public,
in the second to the defendant. 1
don’t believe the public's right, to
know means the right to know right
away."

Hentoff then turned his discus-'
sion to the student press, and
speciﬁcally to the recent goings-on
in the SUNY system. He ﬁrst ad-
dressed the controversy on the
SUNY/Purchase campus in which
the editor. Tim McDarragh. was
ﬁred for changing the name of the
paper from The Land to News-peak.
"i don't think that's the school or
Student Senate's business. i don't
think an editor can be forced to cut
into his ﬁrst amendment rights." he
said. adding “i believe it is his right
within the ﬁrst amendment to
change the name." Hentoff em-
phasized that "an editor is the
editor" and described the whole
story at Purchase as “one very stub-
born young man. McDarragh. and
a jackass member of Student Senate
who pushed an issue too far."

The recent controversy on the
SUNYA campus was next on Hen-
toff‘s agenda and he ripped into the
administration with full force. The
adruinistration is planning to form a
media review board and the ﬁrst
question Hentoff had was "why’l".
“What do they want to control?."
he asked. adding sarcastically. “Do
they want to give awards?"

Hentoff pointed to a quote by
Vice President for Student Affairs
Frank Poguein the October 28 issue

of the ASP in which he said the
committee “Will not negatively im-
met on freedom of speech." “Does
ac think it might have a positive im-
pact?.” Hentoff asked. adding that
"freedom of speech was there
before any review board."

Hentoff was further angered by
the fact that Pogue planned to
review the ﬁnancially independent
ASP. “By what right does any ad-
ministrator say he can review an in-
dependent paper — does he review
regular papers?" He said that this
whole idea raised the question of
who the paper was responsible to.
the university or its readers. "This
review board gives the impression
that the university wants to be
pleased by the paper." he said.

According to Hentoff. a media
review board would cause trouble.
“Whenever you have a media
review board. you will have pro-
blems because they create pro-
blems." he said. “You cannot have
surrogates or supervisors telling you
what to do as journalists." he said.
“No yahoo is going to set up a
media review board to see if you
said it right." Hentoff also advised
those in attendance to refuse to par-
ticipate in any type of borird. “if
you give this board any student
legitimacy. you will be the victims."
he warned.

Hentoff offered advice to the
editors of the student papers that
were in attendance on how to make
better papers across the state. His
ﬁrst suggestion was that the papers

9b

Polish speaker describes impact of martial law

 

By Craig Waltz

“it had real power. it was an organization that was ﬁnal-
ly. really theirs," Dr. Jacob Karpinsky said of the union
Solidarity and the Polish people.

But as he continued speaking he described the brutality
‘hese people suffered under the imposition of martial law.
and the harassment that continued even after the decree
was lifted this July 22.

Karpinsky was the central speaker of a three-man sym-

 

 

 

New SUN YA escort
service formed;
response is strong

Members of Don’t Walk Alone. the new escort service
at SUNYA. ticcoruputtied 35 women to their destinations
last Sttntlay. the ﬁrst night of its operation.

Scott Rubinstein. one of the coordinators. claimed the
service is "a very worthwhile cause. it's important to pro-
tect students at this university.”

Two stations. one at the library and the other at Dutch
Tower. make it possible for students to be escorted from
Dutch Tower to the library or from the library to
anywhere on campus. Students are escorted by two
women or a man and a woman.

According to Dan Altman. another coordinator and
Central Council member. escortcrs were recruited from
dinner lines. After applying and being accepted. the
recruits were briefed at seminars. Rubinstein said that
next year escorters could get community service credits.

Libby Post. SA Media Director. brought up the idea
for a new escort service last year at a meeting of the-Presi-
dent's Task Force for Women’s Safety. Post. an active
member of the Task Force, said that Student Patrol. the
old escort service run by Public Safety. was not being used
and had to be replaced.

Post said that the Task Force set up a ten member com-
mittee to study Student Patrol. Lisa Donahue. chairper-

Life. Beth Suter front Feminist Alliance. Dan Altman and
Scott Rubinstein frotn SA. and other members drew up

is a pilot project that will be judged by how well the
university responds to it. Post said site feels that the
“overwhelming response" of 35 wotnen on thefirst night
is a positive sign. She tropes that Don't Walk Alone will
he a great success

—Ilelity Ecltel

 

 

 

 
 

FEW“ its -'. r... -'

son of the committee, Torn Gebhardt from Residential ‘

the plaris for Don‘t Walk Alone which. according to Post, ‘

 

 

....,.,». t  . . ‘ ..

posium on the labor union held Monday night in LC i8. He
is a small frail man. whose appearance characterized the
people he described. Karpinsky had been imprisoned there
himself because of his activities as an organizer for student
rights in the 19605.

The outlawing of this union ltad psychological effects as
well. Karpinsky pointed out that the Polish expression for
“martial law" is the same as that for “state of war." When
the tnilitary junta of General Wojicch Jaruzelski enforced a
state of martial law. they were actually engaging in a war
against their own people. Karpinsky said.

"When the state of war was declared. the people felt that

hey had been invaded by art enemy force." he said.

The effect of this, he described as "alienation."

"The government was alienated from its people." he ex-
plained. and, as a result. Jaruzelski was commonly seen as a
traitor by his people. according to Karpinsky.

The imposition of martial law "underscored the brutality
of the socio-political system. and pointed out who the
enemy was." Karpinsky said. “The legal or quasi-legal ac-
tions taken reminded the Polish people of the German oc-
cupation during World War Two. Tire only difference be-
itig that the forces wore Polish uniforms."

it was this psychological impact of martial law, accor-
ding to Karpinsky. that has led “to the present situation of
extensive underground support of the union Solidarity
amongst the common workers and to a wide range‘of
underground activities such as the printing of journals and
literary works consisting of several hundred pages."

This is in direct opposition to Solidarity's “open
period," during which Karpinsky described the union as
“A greatly programmatic organization, working on social
and industrial legislation." He also said that “Solidarity
succeeded in achieving a lessening of censorship. increases
in education. and the right to set up organizations indepen-
dent of the government. Unfortunately. with the advent of
the state of war. all of these forward strides were
eradicated.

"During the state of war." Karpinsky said. "the govern-
ment made presently existing sections of the law regarding
censorship and the powers of the police in dealing with anti-
statc organizations broader and more vague. Also. they ad-
ded sections to the penal codes. giving them the power to
dissolve associations and the governing portions of associa~

‘tlons. and replace them with people of their own

choosing." But it was the brutality of government forces
against strikers that Karpinsky described with emotion.
“Thousands of people were horribly beaten. sotne were
shot. and many were imprisoned. Many of those imprison-
ed have faced horrible conditions and frequent beatings."
Karpinsky was imprisoned from l968-l97l. Of his own
experience. he said, “my situation was better than most.

 

IO! LUOKEY UPS

Dr. Jacob Karplneky
"government alienated from people“

The prisons in Poland are very class~differentiated. The

. guards are more eager to beat workers than intellectuals

because intellectuals, teachers. and professors have more
access to publicity than the workers do and they hate
publicity." it was after his release from prison that Dr.
Karpinsky emigrated to the United States.

He taught in the sociology department here at SUNYA
for a year and half and has also taught at the London
School of Economics. He is now a consultant to the US.
Committee on support of Solidarity. Ci

 

