 

.f—M‘

7;.

‘ '1‘CWL, 

- s ..
Wam-
p .. v.4..-“ .__... .

' and self-indulgent. were literate and often

.L screen . - A u

 

 

  

 

 

63 ASPECTS "rmo/tv, ocroasrz 14, 1983
Sound and Vision v ’

 

The Lords Of Punk

WM? “2%?

  
     
  
   
  
   
 
 
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
   
 
   
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
    
   

5 Nothing Sacred?. the second sign-“am. .. . . I u
album from the Lords of the New 31' it . -  .. _ v‘
Church. Is a redefining and refining y i

of that band's sound. If you liked the first
album you may feel slightly let down by Is
Nothing Sacred?. but certainly not cheated.
If you didn‘t like the first album, you will pro-
bably like Is Nothing Sacred? better.

Norman Kee

The Lords of the New Church is a good.
tough Punk/Rock band. something that is
hard to come by these days. The union of
Stlv Bator. ex-lead singer of the Dead Boys;
Brian James. original guitar player of The
Damned; Dave Tregunna. ex-bassist for
Sham 69; and Nicky Turner. former drum-
mer of The Barracudas. was promising. By,
drawing on their previous rnuslcal endeavors)
and throwing In a good helping of the New
York Dolls and Iggy Pop. the Lords of the
New Church came out with a raunchy album
at about the same time that Men-at-Work
and A Flock of Seagulls seemed to be sleep-I
lng with most of the radio programmers in’
the country.

Stiv's powerful lggy-esque vocals and)
Brian James’ frantic. Johnny Thunder's |n-‘
fluenced guitar playing work together In such
a decadent manner that It only seems natural
for them to wear all black and avoid sleep
and nutritious food. With the support of
Dave Tregunna and Nicky Turner on bass,
and drums. it was mantra served on vinyl, a
died-and-gone to punk heaven. Best of all,t
these guys weren't even all that stupid. Stiv's
lyrics. although occasionally awfully sexist,

 

«u- urea.



rather good. The band's musicianship was
solid and Imaginative and their willingness to
throw In an occasional saxophone and
keyboard was rewarded with an AOR
(Album Oriented Radio) semisrnash. "Open
Your Eyes".
There latest release, however, displays a ' ,

broader, more diverse and, dare I say It?. Iggy Pop and the New York Dolls before
more accessible hand than the first album. recording. it seems as if they listened to the
Keyboards are featured much more pro- Rolling Stones' Aftermath and Nuggets
niinently and there seems to be less ern-l before making Is Nothing Sacred?. The
phasls on Fury and Thunder. Don't get me

wrong,Chris Cross this Isn't. it'slust lessbad-I album. especially side one. has overtones
boyish. Whereas with the first album iti from mid 60's AM psychedelic pop. The
sounded like the band was listening to a lot cover of the Grassroot's “Live For Today' Is

Claire Bloom At That—{lg

Only the rarest of artists successfully (Othello), Portla's speech to Brutus about

   

an example of this. Produced by Todd Run—
dgren, who also produced the New York
Dolls debut album, the song seems to have
more keyboards than guitars. which helps it
obtain that sing-song psychedelic feel.
“Dance With Me," co-written by Bators and
James as are most of the originals, alsii has
the same sort of sound. ' I ,.

 

lFOITImand the Stage alone- Clﬂlfe' the difference between a wife and a harlot
Bloom. In her One woman Show (Julius Caesar), Catherine of Aragon's

These Are Women (A Portrait 0/ pleading before the court for Justice in Henry“
Shakespeare's Heml'nesl caplumd and held. VIII and finally Virgllla‘s pleading with her
her audience Sunday afternoon at the Egg. ' son Corlolanus In the play of that name, The
Bloom. 3 small bird of a WOMEN. SOﬂIEd In last two kept an almost full house spellbound
character. moving her audience to laughter as the range of emotion from calm reasoning
and pathos. to embittered pleading found their place In
the face of the actress.

The performance concluded with excerpts
Megan Taylor from Shakespeare's most loved tragedy.

Bloom started her career at age 9 in Miami', Romeo and Juliet. Bloom opened with a
Florida where she and her family had beenl scene between Juliet. the nurse and La dy
moved during the blitz in London (1940). In Capulct that. despite the rapid dialogue, left
1943 she returned to London and began heri no question ln the VlBWETS mlnd as '0 Wl’tO‘
long and well documented climb to the posi-, Was Speaking. She followed this With the.
tion of honor and respect she now com-. scenes between Romeo and Juliet both at
mands. She may be most familiar to the ball and the famous balcony scene, and
American audiences for her role as Lady closed with Juliet's last monologue in the
Marchrpain in the acclaimed BBC series tomb. Although the nurse was the finest ,
Brideshead Revisited. but her achievements recreation of the afternoon. I found Juliet a] ,
span almost 40 years of leading rolesin most bit too mature. not in gesture as much as‘
major Shakespeare plays both in England pacing. But this remains a small flaw in so
and the United States. as well as the land In line a presentation.
Charlie Chaplrm's lilrn Limelight. She has Blnttm. l” lief ilUlOleQmPlW Unwllﬂlit
also played opposite Richard Burton in The unrl All-1r: The Education 0] an Actress, says
Spy Who Came In From Tim Cold and of her profession: "I think that few profes-
sions / from the beginning of a career until

 

Laurence Olivier lit the film Richard III.
Bloom's rt-put.iiinrr mil only be enhanced the end - have so much to do with chance'
' by this, her latest triumph. llI herone wrunun dlitl 50 lllll‘? l“ d“ Will) lllL' tidlCUlﬂll‘mS 0f " " ' ‘ ' I
will." Throughout her career. chance has“ they co-stared In Duel of Angels, just as she

show she starts by creating the characters of
Viola and Olivlri from Traci/iii Night. a feat of
oral interpretation that was nothing less than
spectacular. lntersperserl with the dialogue
she creates the scene and plot for the
uninitiated, and all wure quite caught up In
the humor of her Viola. She followed this
with a series of portraits of Shakespeare . .of her craft to life.
married mare"... This Included 'Ilie' btldal
night scene between Desdemona and Emilia

been a very good complement to the con- learned method actingfrom her first husband
siderable talent of Claire Bloom. She is the Rod Sieiger. But Bloom's favorite role was In
product of the great tradition of British ac- A Doll's House. a character where she felt
ting,bul she say that the turningpolnt for her that "my twg halves. the frivolous. silly,
was her co-staring with Chaplin. it was the

first timeshetruly recognIZedtherelationshtp childish woman. and the stem woman"

came together. “I assimilated. all my ex-\

 

 

coulrl he a woman" from Vivian Leigh when together as a Woman.

 .-_ to.“ . -..

 

'She claims she learned‘ "how an actress perience as a woman and brought It all
n t

In a different vein. “Joh'nny Too Bad" is

ska-like, with trebley ching-a-ching-a guitars
and Interlectlng horns. The story of a kid
gone bad in the big city. "Johnny Too Bad"
Is In a new muslcial territory for The Lords of
the New Church. Also in a new direction Is
"Don’t Worry Children." Complete with a
heavy duty horn section. this song almost
sounds like it could be on Elvis Costello's
Punch the Clock. This R 'n' B inﬂuenced
song says not to worry If things don't make
sense; that’s the way It was intended. Just
hang on to your integrity and everything will
be A-O K

Two songs on side one are slower and a

bit more tender than most Lords of the New
Church songs. "Bad Timing" has Stlv telling
the story of a man who didn't respond to a
woman's needs and how he has trouble after
her resulting suicide. Stiv's vocals carry the
emotions of the song over a Joy Division
style bass and drum line. “The Night is Call-

rig” is a slower. somewhat pretty song sing-

ing the praises of the night and the safety and
the confessional quality of it.

Side two, with exception of "Live For To-

day" is more similar to the Lords of the New
Church's first album than Is side one. The
first song of the side, and perhaps my
favorite song of the album, Is “Black

Girl/White Girl." The introduction reminds
me quite a bit of “Going to a 60-00."
especially of the Rolling Stones' version.
Over Keef—Ish guitar and solid-rock bass and
drums, we hear about 'the city’ and the
pleasures it hold for Black and White
Women and visa-verso.

Another highlight from side two Is “Part-
ners in Crime." A fairly short song. it is very
reminisent of the style of the first album. Stlv
giving a powerful vucal performance and
Brian James tossing in lots of bent-string fills.
It's probably the simplest or most straight for-
ward song on the album and Is noticable and
noteable because of that fact.

Is Nothing Sacred? is a step forward for
the Lords of the New Church. It Is more ac-
cessible and diverse than the first album and
it shows 'a certain security that the band
seems to have gained from experience. it
has taken the good elements of punk that the
band has inherited and then made It bigger.
better‘and wiser. It Is worth giving your ears a
chance to witness this album. [J

Claire Bloom, In choosing the earliest
views of strong women. Shakespeare's true
heroines, recrates a long tradition of strong
women. a tradition that needs to be examin-
ed and assimilated Into performance and
classroom alike. Bloom's one woman show
was both the highest form of education and
entertainment. It Is difficult to describe a
legend inrher own time, but for me It was a
thrill not to be soon forgotten. [J

 
  
   
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
   
 
  
  
   

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1983

 

 

jASFECTS 7a

 

 

Music Scene

Rapping Up WhamlU.K.

hey've been called boogie boxes,
ethnic units, and ghetto blasters.
"'They." of course, are the self-
contained. all-ln-one stereo cassette/radios
which people can take Just about anywhere
they go. Most of the time these boxes can be
heard blaring upbeat. danceable music.
Often this music is “rap” style, with the

  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
    

a number of rhyming verses, usually telling a
sory. This brings us to the group WhamlU.K.
Their recently released album Fantastic in-
'cludes five songs which are In the rap style.

Keith Van Allen

Luckily, I didn't know this before I heard
the album, because I might have opted for
another album to review without giving Fan-
tastic a chance. It‘s not that l dislike rap
, music; some of the lyrics to “The Message"
(a rap song by Grand Master Flash and the
Furious Five) are stuck in my brain forever.
‘ ut, before hearing WhamlU.K., l had
‘ decided that rap was repetitive. monotonous

 

 

 

 

I. though, “When it came to rap, that boy
_ as wrong, But now he‘s slngIn' a different
ong." After listening to Fantastic, I realized
hat the bad rap I had put on rap wasn't
ustified. The music of WhamlU.K. changed
y mind.
The song “Bad Boys" opens the album
nd gets you dancing quite rap-idly. Writer.
’ roducer and lead vocalist George Michael
._ ells us about a boy who rebels against his
ﬂarents' plans for him, and winds up with the
 Bad Biys.” Like all the songs on Fantastic.
he music to this one Is excellent. Dominated
y the bass line, the song also features some
ood electric guitar work by Robert Ahwai
E‘gand Andrew Ridgeley. The vocals top off the
“bang. with Michael's voice ranging from

 

phasize the high points of the music very cf- off beautifully with an exchange at the end of to sing along with. The lyrics. about the ad-

fectlvely. the song when the singer asks, "Do ou want vanta es of sta In sin I
WhamlU.K. hasn't ignored social com- (to work?" to which a crowd replidls, “Nol” proprigate here ill SgUNYlltAe.lTh::hlb‘l:l:bllfl1lli)e
mentary on Fantastic. The commentary Is “Are you gonna have fun?" "Yeahl" Yeah, song is one that will rattle around In your
most pointed Innthe song “Wham Rap (Enjoy at the taxpayer's expense. head for clays after only one listen. The best
What You Do) . Theumessage of the. song Is line from the chorus is “Wise Guys realize.
“Til a mi") l5 3 man- l0b 0" "0 IOb- lnsead The most interesting song on the album. there danger in emotional ties." There are
gu+i13Ittrllrigd the unemployed. songwriters which shows the band's diversity, is "Club alot of guys (and girls) who can attest to that.
L 59 '3" Rldgeley SUQQﬁSllhallhel‘Jbless Tropicana." after an opening with cricket' The song also conlﬂllls the best Vocal 2X'
are bane" 0” Wllhou‘ l°b5r lnmay "0' MW! 3 sound effects which lead nicely Into the change on the album. From the left a group
l°bv bill l have a 500d “met The Song C0n‘ song, we're presented with an unexpected of guys shouts “Get Back," to which the girls
lures UP an lmage Ol l9” 0" twean People Latin beat. Following the funk songs on side reply from the right. “Hands Off." The guys
I y ll‘anglng out. ClaPPan lo the mUSlC- and Yeal’ one, “Club Tropicana" is a light, catchy tune and the exchange with a hearty “Go For ltl"
I fleep male to high female (as when he sings! it enloylng lller about a mythical club where "Drinks are This song alone ShOUld bleak WhamlU-Kt
 Girlslike me, always seem to be you . . ."l. free." Once again. enough cannot be said Into the US.
I: u ' The line in the song that turns lt from an for the music. which is simply entrancing. THe boys from WhamlU.K. have record-
Cant you see i'm ready to dance?" unlikely story to social commentary Is ap- Subdued drumming along with a high, flut- ed an album which is super. both lyrically
VVMIchael asks in “A Ray of Sunshine." This propriately highlighted in capital letters on tering piano and the ever-present bass com- I and musically. Fantastic Is definitely boogie
,‘song won't leave you asking the same. Once the lyric sheet. "GIVE A WHAM GIVE A bine for a very pleasing tropical sound. box material. Everything about this album
'again supported by an infectious bass line BAM BUT DON'T A DAMN COS THE The album's flnal song Is a true grand lendsltself to hanging outand cranking It up.
“which won't let you sit still, this song Is a BENEFIT GANG ARE GONNA PAYI" This finale when I first heard “Young Guns (Go “Step out now and buy this disc. Throw
V musical call to hit the dance floor. A strength Lllne shows that Michael and Ridgeley know For ltl)" on WCDB early this year, I liked it clown your money. there ain't no risk. If

i.
.t

   

 

Eyof WhamlUJﬁ. is their use of horns. “A Ray ‘that the government Is picking up the bill for immediately. Not only is the song a foot tap- good music's what you need. this one's got It
.“ygpi Sunshine features horns which em- all these good times. The message ls capped. ‘pin‘. hip movin'. body shaker; it's also great . . . guaranteed."

WIl

Holland, Zimbabwe. Portugal. Uraguay and

Eddy Grant Is On His

ddy Grant has done everything —-
. from building his first guitar to own-
ilself. but one song off the album. “Walking

ing his own record label, studio.

and ressln lant; t I r ‘

p g p o producng. phytng on Sunshine." became a hit foraband called
Rockets Revenge. The Clash covered

every Instrument and singing every song on
another tune from the album. "Police on my

his recent top ten'album. Killer on the Ram-
Back."
After releasing his next album. Do You

age, which includes the top ten single.
‘Electric Avenue." Two other groups have
one successful covers of his songs. He is
omethirig of a national hero In Barbados.  Liolle'dcrfalBl "bladed baCklO llle sun
whgetlile,res_i[des. lin rthrifixtles he appeared A coriefllztabn The laslazdoljetween wealthy
on r ans“ 0 t e "
p o ops TV show. and estate owners and locals selling corals and‘
other tropical wares on the beach. led Grant
to write-“Jack (Dali Beach is Minel.” a soul-

has survived to be seen in the eighties on
MTV. Perhaps sensing that there is one
calypso tune which sold 30,000 copies In
Barbados. That means that one In eight peo-
ple In Barbados went out and bought the
record. If the same phenomena were to oc-
cur In the United States, it would result in the
sale of over 33 million records. It Is no
wonder that Grant became a national figure
there. He Is so well known that mail is
delivered to him addressed only to “Eddy
Grant. Barbados."

Until recently though. he was not nearly as
well known in the United States. His latest
album. Killer on the Rampage. has certainly
done a lot to make the name Eddy Grant
familiar. But often. behind the top—of-the-
charts music. there still lies a political
message. Behind the danceable beat and the
V lilting accent of the popular "Electric
. v Avenue." for instance, Is a song about life in
studio In Europe. Afewyeaniater he fonn- Brlxton. a black ghetto In London- "Wat
ed the Ice Records label, which released Party" may sound like the latest Quad party
Grant's first solo efforts. as well as records by theme. but it is Eddy Grant's refutation. with
other reggae and ska Inﬂuenced groups. an easy 90an humor. 0f the draft-

Grant is scheduled to release his next
album in January. He is currently on a world
tour which Includes. on Monday. October
17. the Ballroom Cl

 

 

 

. Monday. October 17 at 8pm.

Maddy Pascucci

Grant was born In Guyana, a small coun-
try on the Caribbean coast of South America
whose lungles and primative tribes make it a
National Geographic favorite. but moved
with his family to London when he was
twelve years old. His father had been a must-
cian. and Eddy began taking trumpet lessons“ '
at the age of six. In London, Grant
developed his own musical taste. He wanted
to take up the guitar and experiment with the
'83: and rock and roll that were popular In -
England at that time. When his father would > 7 ‘ . ' - .
not agree, Grant built his own guitar in numbe ne songs In Britain. “Baby Come
WOOdworkIng class at school. Back." and "Black-skinned Blue-eyed Boy,"
_ His experiences with his first band. the and also appeared on “Top of the Pops." By
Equals, also taught him some lessons In self— 1971, however. stress had so affected
determination. Grant managed the Grant's health that he had to quit the band.
multiracial band himself, and had to fight Having learned something about the
against manipulation bylawyers,agents, and music business, Grant opened his Coach
record companies. The Equals had two Honse Studios. It was the first black-owned

 

 

 

 

The LP. Living on the Frontline, was a
great success for Grant. it gained Grant
recognition In countries as diverse as

 

 

 

