  

 

29 ALBANY. STUDENT PRESS ELECTION SUPPLEMENT El APRIL 12. I903 ,

 

 

 

L A' s" is

 

,ES 8

M E

NTS

 

 

President. .
Joe Ranni

he cornerstones of Joe Rannl's campaign are "ex-

perience. professionalism. and accessibility—“We

believe that Rannl would not measure up to all

three claims if elected SA president. We found fault with

his experience as well as his professionlism. and his claim of

accessibility. an important one. is one we serious ques-
on.

Ranni appears to possess sound knowledge of the work-
ings of the university. He is currently president of UAS.
and his other experiences include Central Council member.
Budget Committee Chair. and University Senator. We feel.
however. that his vision ofthe SA Presidency does ttot cor-
respond wlth the true nature of the job. He seems to want

v — to be less a lender of
students. and more an
adtnlnistrator of stu-
dent affairs. His
perceptions of SA ap-
pear more bureaucratic
titan personal:
“wititout any kind of
strttctrtre thittgs get
lost," he said. His
priorities being what
they are. Rnnnl seems
to see himself more as n
tccltrtocrat titan a stri-
dcnt advocate.

This attitude is evi-
dent in his belief that
H SA clubs should be

consolidated." by' combining existing cirrbs urtder a corn-
mon umbrella. irr order to save rttoney. The feasability and
cost-effectiveness of this proposal are dubious.and it would
most certainly be a step backwards for diversity and student
participation in SA.

 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  

 

it also appears that Ranni's first priority irt dealing with
campus issues would be to work with — and even accom-
modate — the administration. He almost seems resigned to
the fact that student power is limited by the ultimate
arrthority of President O'Leary. Although dealing with the
administration is an important aspect of the SA President's
job. it should by no means override his primary commit-
ment to the student body.

Ranni’s administrative leanings are evident lit the recent
Patroon Room reservations policy dispute. The final deci-
sion. which he adntitted rttay have been “shortsightetl.”
clearly favored the faculty artd administration. wltilc ignor-
ing strtdettt interest. Under the new policy, only faculty and
‘studcnt leaders' are able to make table reservations. We
must question Ranni‘s commitment and effectiveness as a
student advocate.

Ranni does not see himself taking an active role in seek-
ing out student opinion. He seems to believe that referenda
voted on in Central Council would prove an accurate in-
dicator of the concerns and opinions of the entire student
body. As we see it. Central Council is not to be relied upon
as an effective barometer of student opinion. More impor-
tantly. the SA President should be looking to establish a
more direct and responsive line of communication with his
constituents.

We believe that Ranni has a good grasp on most issues.
and we agree with many of his positions. He recognizes the
crucial role of OCA. and believes that it sltould be expand-
ed. under the continuing tutelage ofa professional director.
He is against a bus fee for Alumni and off-campus
students. and in case of an emergency. he feels that SA
should step in to keep the buses running. Ranni sees the
new polling place on campus as a good opportunity to
organize and assert student power within the community.
He is also strongly in favor of continuing support for
NYPlRG. which he sees as an invaluable voice for the
students.

Ranni also feels that SA should function as a political
organization. representing and informing the students on
various issues. SA should foster and sponsor a diversity of
non-partisan political groups. as long as they are in the in-
tercst of the students. The Sludcnt Voice. however. should
not be political. btrt should focus on activities wititin both
SA and the groups and clubs. Though we agree with these
assertions. we believe it is important for The Voice to func-
tion not only as a source of information. btrt as a fortttn for
political expression. for both SA and the groups.

Although we do rtot question Runni's claim that he ltas
"a good overall perspective of the university." we believe
that his experience and administrative competency could be
offset by his attitude and his approach to the job. He was
very confident, almost tbo confident. and he seemed set in
his ways. We feel he lacks the thoughtfulness and flexibility
which are essential to the job of SA President. Due to the
concerns discussed above. we must question Ranrii’s claim
of accessabllity. and his fundamental commitment to
representing and advocating the concerns of the student

body. -

 

 

 

 

Mike Hagerty

ike Hagerty believes in himself and he did have
some charisma. He also seemed to have a good
' idea of what a candidate running for a political
office should be — front a textbook perspective. at least.

Hagerty knows how to use rhetoric very well attd this is

where we found problems.

Hagerty came across very smoothly but when we sat
down afterword to discuss the substance of his interview.
we realized lte hadn’t proposed too much in tire way of con-
crete plans.

Hagerty said his campaign is based on his experience arid
his stands on the issues.

‘Wltlle not the greatest of all the candidates. Hagerty does
have some solid ex-
perience. Among his
credentials are two’
terms as a University.
senator. he is a SASUI
delegate and he had art
internship in the lieute-I
ttunt Governor's of-
fice. Noticcably mi.
ing is direct expcrience
with SA and Central
Council. .

Wltiic he said that
Central Cottttcil ltas
done a “great” job.
this is one of tire areas
witcrc Hagerty did
ltave a concrete pro-
posal for change. Hagerty feels that Cottttcil itas not dottc it
good job in rcaclting out to tltc students it represents. To
combat this problcut. he is proposing a “legislative
council" which would deal with proposals before they go to
council. But alas. all we saw was another level of bcaucracy
and found little reason to believe that this would really
change anything.

Hagerty's other "proposals" were less clear. He threw
around ideas about expanding the career planning ofﬁce
and increasing student interest in SA through a sort of “i
Love N.Y," campaign. He really didn't ltuve any new ideas
to solve SA's budget woes orttsidc of bake sales and raffles.

Hagerty scented a little vague on the proposed NYPIRG
referendum. thcn first asked il‘ he favored the referen-
dum. Hagerty replied. “i can't answer that question ttntill
look at the budget." However. after furtherquestioning ire
conceded “Under the circumstances i say l'rtt for it."

‘l-lagcrty also changed positions on other issues during the
ltotrr we had with him. While he was against the proposed
bus fees, ltc suggested SA could itclp out tltc situation by
giving funds towards busing. He later rcrtcgcd on this idea.

     

   

l
i
I

 

.deltlg SA funding wortid only he a last resort. He also

wavered on the question of whether student involvement in
Central Council could be increased by changes in attitude
verses changes in structrtrc. While we believe ilexibility to
be a good quality. it scents that Hagerty is going too far. It
seems that ratlter than being flexible. l-lagcrty just doesn't
have the issrtes well thought out.

We did like Hagerty's willingttess to fund all SA groups
regardless of their political ideology.

However. in the end we felt that Mike Hagerty left its
with more questions about himself titan he answered and
we did not feel we could endorse him for the position of SA
President. l'l

Steve Greenbaum

teve Greenbaum has a “formula” to improve the

quality of SA. However. he does not have any solid

ideas to back up his solutions. and to achieve what

we feel SA's goal should be to ntect the needs of students

.Grcenbaum's “formula” includes getting outside fun:

ding for SA groups. At our interview.he was obviously

unaware that outside funding is prohibited in SA's con-

stttutron. Once informed of this. he proposed changing the
constttution but had no conception on how to do so.

.Anotlhcr cotnponent of Grecnbaum's formula is dealing
wrtlt crime on campus. brtt he does rtot go into detail on
how to accomplislt this either.

A third proposal Grecnbaum has concerns the brrs issue;
he is against a brts fee
anti proposes a possible
CDTA takeover of bus
services for SUNYA.
This proposal ltutl
been made several
years ago and was torn-
cd dowrt for legitimate
reasons.

Grecnbaunt feels SA
should be IlOtl-
political. and should
only concern itself
with the general the in-
terests of all students.
‘ Concerning tlte fun-
. cling of political

rou .
gested the idea of outside funding. llie drift. ntiii sighltnavsvltige

 

 

  
  

own—«um... “(A

 

 

. truWinNMm

of SA's present ﬁnancial problems. and suggested using SA
funding for sponsoring programs like a lectureship series
with Albany profesSOrs.

The role of The Student Voice is to announce the ac.
tivities of student organizations and student government.
said Greenberg. once again explaining that student govern.
ment shouldn't take a political stand. However. he failed 1.,
give reasons why he felt this way.

On the issue of the polling place that has now been
establislted on campus. Greenbaum thought it was good
because students wouldn't ltave to walk as far to vote. He
did not seem to realize any polltcai implications of a polling
place on campus for SUNY students.

Greenbaum plans to vote against the NYl’tRG referen-
dum becartsc he feels that since not all students support it. it
should not be funded as heavily. He stated that he It'll
NYPlRG should not be autottomous. bttt did not elaborate
on why he held this opinion.

in fact. Greenbaum seemed hesitant to give us his t)|tl~
nion on most of issttcs.sucs like buses and a polling place on
campus. He seerttcd hesitant to give us his opinion on truth)
of the issues. artd we felt that as SA president he must lltt\t‘
the ability to express botit his owrt opinion and our
representative of SA. Matty issues were too “touchy” tot
Greenbaum. and ltc was rrnablc to explain wlty they \\L'lt'
He had several proposals to improve tltc qtrttlity of student
life on carttprrs. btrt failed to cortte up with concrete \\‘;t_\‘\ it!
implement tltctn. Grecnbaum rttcrttioncd that certain
groups were ‘ ' ling funds from SA. brrt would not pro
vidc any examples. only quoting ttrtttatned sources as ptooi.

Greenbaum scents concerned about the ltlicl'csls oi
students. btrt we feel lte lacks tltc ability to properly ltlllSllt'
his goals and be an effective student leader.

Denis Engel

enis Engel has a lot to learrt about SA and stttdcnt
D issues. For tltcse reasons we feel that we cannot cu

dorsc him for SA President. He commulticrtlcu
calmly. ntcans well. brtt because of inexpericttcc \volkutv
with SA. he does not display the certitude we expect for tin-
position.

Engcl has a difficult tirtte circumventing his incxpcricit: L'
His sincerity is clouded by ambiguity. confusiort and a illislt
unfamiliarity with the major issues of the campaign. 'I in-
only issue irt which he is well-versed is the AMlA budget,
Otherwise.hc continually downplays the issues. stressing ll|\
own personal capabilities instead.

Engel qrrestiotts the importance of experience with St\ a»
a criterion. He has hatl
some contact with SA.
us a member of the
election commission.
He said that through
time he will learn. bttt
we feel ltc ttcetls to
learn too mrtch. Engel
feels that knowing
“the will of the
students" is more int-
porlnnt titan knowing
the mechanics of SA.
He mentions Central
Council and personal
ttcc ‘sibility as ways to
discover the needs of
students. btrt beyond
that. he is vagtte. He said that the SA President “tiratvs thc
most attention" —— a curious reason for seeking the office.

it was hard to determine Engel's position on the funding
of advocacy groups. At one point in our interview. he loitl
rts. “if i can fund Peace Project. i can fund the KKK." llL'
lulcl lﬁltered down his remarks by admitting that he is not
sure if political groups should be funded. lll addition. llt'
said that NYPlRG should not be funded.

Engel appears ready to succuntb to administrative whim.
He accepts the thought of a mandatory bps fee. does not
feel students can “dictate an adtuinistrative decision." and
considers SASU'a “thorn” in his side because he (llStlglt‘L‘\
wrtlt what they're doing.

Engel seems confttsed on university-commanity lShuchu
our tntcrvtcw. he was unable to recognize the itttportancc til
a polling place on campus and could not distinguish bet
ween the Off-Campus Housing Office arid the Off-Ctllnllll‘
Association.

it is too bad that Engel did rtot get involved in student
government earlier itt his college ‘arccr. He frccly Confeser
that his extra-curricular activity was litnited on this carul‘l"-
unttl last year. His willingness to learn is admirable. but
may lttrve come a bit too late for becoming SA l’rcsidcnt. l

USE YOUR VOTE!

Student Association
elections will be held
tomorrow and Thursday.
Your vote counts!

 

(a

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

APRIL ‘12.. 1983 E] ALBANY STUDENT PRESS ELECTION SUPPLEMENT 

 

REFERENDUM’S

 

 

 

Plus/Minus Grading

In order to have a more equitable representation of
acudentic achievement: We the stydcnts of SUN Y Albany
do hereby recommend to the University Senate that our
present grading system be changed to u plus/minus system
consisting 0/0. C-, C. C+. Br. B, 8+. A-. A.

he most retnarkable thing about this rcferendrtm is

the lack ofdiscttssiott about it. None ofits sponsors

or Student Associatiott itave tnadc any attempt to
inform the students on this issue. it a convolution of
democracy to expect the students of this university to
decide on a non-binding referendum that they have no in-
formation on.

it is on the ballot. however. and it ntrtst be considered.
The present letter grade systcrtt consists of l). C. Ii. A. They
each rcprescttt a specific valuc. ranging from poor to ex-
ccllcut.

A contrttott argument against plus/minus grading is its
ambiguity. An A now tttctltts “excellent.” and artri it means
“good.” Wotrld an A- mean “excellent. but we're only kid-
ding?" This referendum does rtot address the issue.

An argument for this system is that it could rcducc tltc
excessive competition we ttow ltavc at Albarty. Students
workittg hard could be less cut-throat if they kttcw that if
they didn't quite make art A they could still rcccivc u more
adequate A- titan a ll. Still. it‘s ititportartt to remember that
it‘s tltc altitrtde of students trttd faculty that creates c.\-
ccsslvc competition. not on ottc gradin' system or ttttttthcr.

Wititottt any kind of debate on thi. be. it is impossible
for its to rccouttttend a vote on plus/minus grading. it's rt
shame that the people who placed this referendum on the
ballot ntade no ttttctupt to ittforrit students on its merits utttl
faults. We recommend that you not vote on this t'cfclcn»
drurt. anti we ltopc that SA is more responsible when it
places referendums on ftrttrrc clectiort ballots. l ‘

SASU

Sbu/I the students of SUN Y Albany continue to fund I/lt'
Student Association of the State Univers'itv (SASU) ut the
present rate of ii [.50 per student pcr stunt-slur? l tnulcrslurul
that 11 "YES" vote will continue SUN i’ Albany or u
IIlc’IllIu’rA't'lltlU/ of SASU and (I "NO" vote will "Will! that
SUN l’ A [bull y will no longer be a member of SA SU.

 

tltc continuing support of the Studcttt Association of

the State University (SASU). The re would
simply rclain Albany's SASU membership at its crtrrcttl
funding level.

SASU works statewide and year-round lobby for student
benefit at the Legislature. tltc SUNY Central atiutittistra»
tiort and tltc governor's office. While many an apathetic
student remains inactive at tuition hikes. SASU actively
plans lobbying. letter-writing campaigns. and rallies.

Wltett Governor Cuomo proposed slashng the State
University's budget. SASU worked hard and successfully
reinstated tltc cut funds. Tltc organization has won victories
itt — and continues to fight for —- stttdertl voting rights

Vice President
Rob Fishkin

ltltorrglt Rob liishkln has ttot received the ASP cit-
dorserncnt. he is rtot a candidate too easily dismiss-
cd.

He sees the nrtrttber one priority of the vice president as
maintaining SA fittanciai stability. and lie has no lack ofcx-
pcricncc working on budgets. He's the current cltair of the
Central Council Finance Comntittce. and a former member
of the SA Bridget Committee and the University Bridget
l’anel. He believes “tigltt futtd control" is the way to ban-
dlc the SA budget. and we commend his solid no-nonsensc
approach. l~le scents adept irt budgetary affairs. and ap-
pcttrs hard workittg.

However. we cannot approve of a candidate with a otte—
ditncnsiomrl vietv of
the vice presidential of-
fice. Hc tnerttiottcd
that pttrt of his “goal is
to unite the students."
brtt he failed to give
any innovative sugges-
tions on how to do so.
Students scent to be his
secondary concern: the
brrtlgct is his first.
Fishkin rcnliIcs ltc cun-
rtot totally ctrre student
apathy. trrtd favors SA
rccrrtitmertt campaigns
at freshman orienta-
tion sessions to help
combat the problem.
But this old idea has been tried before with little success

What also disturbs its about Fishkln is his coolnc .
Unlike Schneider. we do not feel he is a natural corn-

 

5.

I ncludcd on this year's ballot will he a referendum on

 

 

  

 

across the state. SASU was a vital member of the lawsuit
that won students the right to vote in Albany county.

We strongly urge you to ensure tl. continued existence
of SASU and its resulting benefits by voting “yes” on the
SASU referendum tomorrow and Thursday.

You can't afford not to. ll

Constitution Changes

Shall the following Constitutional amendments be made to
the Student Association Constitution:

I) Article I: Section 3: d.e.i dealing with policies of sub-
.t'idtarv bodies created by the President or by Central Coun-
cil; with any and all actions token by the President; and
willt Presidential vvlocs.

AMEND: To establish that a two-thirds vote of Central
Council. rulhcr than a majority. br- tu‘t‘cssnry to overrule
and override all of the above.

2/ Article I r’: Section 2:0; Article VII: Section 2 dealing
with the impeachment of u Sllltlt’ll/ Association officer or
of (I Control Cfillllt'll member.
AMlz'Nl): ’I‘o t‘.\'ItIIlII.\'Il that u two-thirtlt tifflrllttlllt't’ l'tilt‘ of
Council may int/tench an officer or u Itlt’lll/Jt'l', (Ilitl that the
.\ilI).§t‘ll(]t'IlI hmring to remove that officer or ltlt‘itlltt‘r.t‘/lttll
he held by the Supreme Court. A ntttiurity vote of IIIt'
Sit/tl't'lllt' ( ‘ourt trill be rcquircdfor removal.

1) Article I 1'; Article I’dm/ing with Ml'SKANl/l and Pan
IIt‘I/t'lift' Council.

I)I:'I.I:'I‘I-.'.' To l‘t'llltll't' thmc Ilt)Il-(‘.\‘I.\'Illli.' organizations
front the Constitution. and move the ttlIlt‘I' Articles up to
their Ilt'W numbers.

his referendum deals with sortie rclutivcly minor
Strident Association constitutional changes. Sce-
tiort l cltttngcs the Certtrnl Council vote required to
override a presidential veto front the present simple majori-
ty to two-thirds. This became art issue drtring the Student
thft't' votes several morttlts ago. This change would
strengthen the power of the presidential veto. and bring the
SA constitution rttorc in littc with state and national govcrtv
rttcnt constitutions. it is a minor btrt good modification.
Section 2 would change the SA impeachment process.
Crtrrcttlly a member or officer is impeached anti removed
from Central Council by two different sessions of Central
Council. the last rtrrt by the Supreme Court (‘hicf .iusticc.
Uttdcr the revision. tltc nternbcr or officer would he remotu
ed by a majority vote of tltc Supreme Court.

This change would bring the SA constitution more in litre
with the state and national constitutions it is ruotlcled after
and wortltl tree removal hearings frotu biases rut impeach-
ment heating builds. it is a tuittor brtt good change.

Section It eliminates two extinct orguui/ations front the
SA constitution. It is a simple cluttth that merely cleans up
the constitution.

Wc wish that Student Association would have taken
some time to imt'or'm students about this rcfcrertdtrm. bill it
is l‘illllL'r minor. unimportant anti mandated to change the
constitution. The modifications it makes are valttablc and
ye suggest you vote yes on this referendum. l t

ntttnicator. Wltiic his alooi'ncss may be unintentional. “0
fch it will hinder his work in dealing with student groups.
What SA needs is a vice president who can establish a good
rapport with group leaders. tutti can break down corn-
rttuuication barriers — not another addition to the SA
hierarchy.

The impression we rcceivetl was that he feels most vice
prcsiderttiul responsibilities cart be tackled by sitting iii the
office. attd it scents that ltc is ttot ready to deal with arty
problems before they reach his door. “Problems come to
SA -— you don‘t have to step ottt aitd look for them." ltc
suirl. Willi this attitrtdc l‘ishkin couldfind himself facing
troublesomc problems that could have easily been dealt
with when they were small.

Fishkiu shows a clear understanding of student issues.
He supports NYPlRG — “They do good work." —— and
feels OCA should have a professional adminstrator. and is
against a bus fcc.lle is also disappointed with Cuomo's
treatment of SUNYJn his itttcrvicw. Fishkitt even brougltt
rtp an idea ltc has to help students pay for college. He
bcl‘ ‘ves that positions that werc cut from tltc bttdgct coultl
bc ed lit by student employees at half lite cost. llttt where
is this money going to coruc from? What would the unions
have to say about this'l l-‘ishkiu's idea was obvioust ttot
well thought ottt.

When asked \vltcic his \vctrkncsscs lay lll measuring up
for the job. liisltkiu was very confident. "i think I‘m
perfect for every part bill." he said. Well. w - already have
listed a number of weaknesses which we feel cannot be ig—
norctl. liis trouble with discerning his weaknesses lcttds us
.0 believe he truly not be able to work well in the subor-
dinate role of vice president. SA nccds art open minded vice
president capable of negotiation.

l" ltkiu's financial prowess is his biggest claim to the vice
presidential scat. l-lowcvcr, we feel ltc lacks the cont-
tuurtication skills vitally necessary for it job that requires
plenty of social interaction. [its fiscal talents certttirrly have
a plttce itt studcttt association. bill the students would be
better served with sotrteone else ill the position of vice presi;
dcrtt. .

 

 

 

 

 

Dippikill

Shall the monies (S I . 00 per student per semester) currently
be appropriated front the Student Activity Fee be con-
tinued. until further action. for the purposes of further
development and enhancement of Camp DIppllrII/7 I
understand that a 'Yes' vote will extend the Dippikill
development plan beyond I984 and a ‘No ' vote will end the
Dippikill development plan as of May I984.

amp Dippikill is the Student Association-owned

rccrcatiottal facility in Warrensburg. it provides

year-round camping and hiking at a quite
reasonable expense. it's a grcnt'escapc from the grey cort-
crete of the uptown campus.

This rcfercndrtm would let the Dippikill Governance
lloard ltave art idea of anticipated revenue to ltcip develop
tltc future arid long range plans of the camp. With SA's
large capital investntetrt irt Dippikill. this would help retain
good fiscal plattrtittg. You can't argrte against that.

We urge you to vote yes on the Dippikill referendum. l i

Solomon Amendment

The Students of the State University of New York at
A Ibrmy do lu'rt'lrv urge Ilu' United States Congrats to repeal
the Solomon Amendment. which IIltlIll/(Ilt‘.\' that all nut/cs
over the one of Id who ft't‘t’fl't‘ﬂ’t/t'rtl/ aid tutle be registered
for [flu Selective Service.

T he role of non-binding referendums like this is nut-
higtttuts. While it is always good to "send a message
to Washington." the impact this tttcsstlgc will have
is limited. it is unlikely that the Congress will panic because
SUNY Albany says. "(let ritl of Solontonl“

Rct‘crentlutus are excellent for orguniting and inforttting
students on important issues. The campaign that can sur-
round a rcfcrcttdunt like this cart be used to mobilize stu-
dent activism. llowcvcr. this didn't lutppen. Groups like
the Peace Project. who would naturally have art interest irt
this issue. were ttot consulted to work on this rcfcrettdrrttt.
The sponsors worked on this issue for a brief lituc. bttt
abandoned it long ago. This is another referendum that
Student Association should have bcctt organizing on and
did not.

This doesn‘t lll -an you should vote against this referen-
dum. ’l'ltc Solomon Atttendmcnt. that would unconstitu-
tionully and immorally force colleges play rt police role. is
one of thc tllttsl insidious pieces of legislation to come ottt
of the conservative Congress. It is rtow being shredded by
the federal courts. and some congressional representatives
are working to repeal the law.

Approval of this referendum would give this movement a
ucctlctl boost. it would also let our Senators tutti Represen-
tatives know where the voting students of SUNY Albany
stand on repressive legislation like this.

It could have becrt much ruorc. bttt we strongly urge you
to vote yes on this referendum. | i

NYPIRG

Shall the students of SUNY Albany continue to fund the
New York Public Interest Research Group. Inc. (N YI’IRG)
tllIt/ inert-use Iltcir funding front 32. 00 to $3. 00 per student
pr'r .t'cInr-xtcr? I understand [hill 0 “YES " vole will increase
Illt’ Student Activity Fey by $1.00 per student per .i't'lllt.’.\'!t’l‘
(Ind nutinlnin I/lt' SUN Y Albany chapter of Ni’l’lRG; a
"N0" note will menu that 3 UN Y A [bony will no longer be
apart ofNi'I’IRG. "

ll l974. NYl’lRG‘s Albany chapter started receiving

$2 per student per semester from the slttdcttt tax.

Since tircn. NYPlRG has proven to be one of the
most active anti most successful groups on the campus arid
irt tltc state.

The New York Public Interest Research Group is a stri-
dent supportcti and directed rescarclt and advocacy
organization that gives students the opportunity to ironc
citizenship skills wltiic effecting social change. Eighteen
ttttiversity and college campuses are members of the
statewide group.

NYl’lRG was a member of the suit that gained students
irt Albany County the right to vote. NYl’lRCt‘s lobb
the State Capitol have won many important victories tor
students and other untler-represented people throughout
lllt,‘ state. Tltesc victories include dccriminali/ation of mari-
jruuta. truth lll testing law. anti the generic thug law. Legal
reforms such as those could not have bcctt accomplished
without the long hours ptrt ill by NYl’lRU's active lobbying
stuff.

llowcvcr. inflation has hit NYl‘lltCr just as ntrtclt as
ctcryonc else. The group's itrcomc frotu students hasn't
changed since the organization bcgun and they need more
ruortcy to keep up tltc work. NYi‘IRU crrrrcntly rec "vcs $2
per strident per semester; the referendum would raise that
to $3 pcr'studeul per semester.

NYi’lRG's record in acting in the public interest is ad-
utirablc. The recent attacks on this group by tltc organized
rigitt arid corporations make sttpporl of this group that
rnuclt ruore important. A "yes" vote on this referendum
will allow one of the most active voices for safe energy.
clean air. higher education. consumer rights urtd student
rights in New York Stttte to continue its work. We strongly
urge yotr to do so. i l

 

  

 

 

 

 

.4 so“

 

