  

I

 

(3;:on  45':r:‘-m'¢_rt

.... “.24..

 

7W. w. n .a ‘_

/.,

 

,5;

 

       

~. «’r- 1r-mw.

     
     
    
   
 

W"

       

1 EDITORIAL- “ '

 

 

atd.
it seems apparent to the- average citizen on the
street that the,people of the United States do not Want
another war or another Vietnam. This has been vocalized in
all parts of the country during the past weeks. months and
years of the Reagan administration. But the President did
not hear or chose not to listen. V

According to the Syrians. the U.S. is in a war. The Syrian
Defense Minister. Lt. Gen. Mustafa Tlass. said that the
UnitedVStates could not get the Navy ﬂier who was captured
after being shot down Sunday until. “. . . the war is over.
that is when the American will leave Lebanon."

'The significance of the recent developments in Lebanon
gives one a feeling of foreboding. The U.S. is moving away
from the innocent bystander/peacekeeping force role into
an active confrontation with the Syrians. The Syrians are
armed by the Soviets. and their gunners are trained by
Soviet technicians.

The truth of the matter is that the “get tough" policy
was reached by top ofﬁcials more than a month ago. On
October 29 Reagan. according to The New York Titties.

P resident Reagan it's time to turn up your hearing

 

l .

 

 the war.

signed National Security Directives III which concluded
that the pullout of the Syrians and the 2.000 Marines was

, not possible unless 'the stakes were raised by the U.S..

lsrael. and the Lebanese government.

Reagan‘s opportunity to get tough came Sunday. He
justified his air strikes against Syrian gunners. clatmtng it
was in retaliation to Syrian shooting at U.S. unarmed

' reconnaissance planes. In so doing Reagan has started on a

very dangerous policy course.

Although the retaliatory efforts by the U.S. can be seen
as justified. they have served only to exacerbate the conflict
and the potential for greater violence. The declaration of a
retaliation policy- by Reagan can serve no positive

peacekeeping role. Rather. it is seen as an egotistical.‘

political move.

The parallels and comparisons to the past are frighten-
ing. This weekend's activity saw the first U.S. jet combat
aircraft lost in action since the Vietnam conflict. in Viet-
nam. the first troops were sent in merely to defend a U.S.
airbase against possible aggression. When the aggression
finally occurred. the role of the troops conveniently shifted
from defense to search-and-dcstroy. This shift is alarmingly

. the slow tragic pattern of escalation ensued after the foot

similar to the shift now occuring in Lebanon. In Vietnam.

was in the door. The foot is now again in the door. in
Lebanon.

The rapid escalation in the Lebanon situation has been
comprised of several steps. First the Syrians shot at U.S.
reconnaissance planes. then- the U.S. r retaliated with
airstrikes against Syrian gunners. then Druse militiamen
retaliated by shelling Marine positions. then American war-
ships retaliated by bombing Druse positions.

is this viscious. never-ending circle of violence the action
of a peacekeeping force?

Reagan’s actions become more questionable. given the
state of world affairs. Recent relations beIchn the Soviet
Union and the United States can be described as strained,
at best. If the United States continues their escalation with
the Syrians. it will force the Soviets into a no-win situation.
They will have to decide whether to help their close ally dc-
fend their interests. or just to ignore the situation and lose
an ally in a vital area of the world.

The situation in Lebanon can be cooled down. Although
it has never been the policy in past military decisions to cttt
the losses and get out. this might be a good time to try it.
The Israelis did it when the people protested their military
involvement in Lebanon. Perhaps President Reagan should
follow their lead and pursue whatever options available to
avoid any more military confrontation and loss of
American lives. I i

 

 

 

COLUMN

Why not the

US News and World Report recently published the
results of a survey they had conducted among the residents
of l.308 American colleges and universities to determine
what were the outstanding undergraduate programs in
America. Locally. Skidmorc ranked fourth among regional
colleges east of the Mississippi while Union was third
among comprehensive schools in the same geographical
area.

Not surprisingly Albany State was not on the list. indeed
few state schools were able to qualify. The reasons given
for such exclusions were larger class size. too many classes
taught by graduate assistants and adjunct faculty. and
lower admission requirements that led to a less academical-
ly gifted student body.

[Myron Taylor

Just as obviously Albany would have been on the list had
it wished to be. And those who care deeply about the future
of quality public education ought to ﬁght hard to get public
universities onto the roster of the finest undergraduate
shcools. Given the remarkable quality of the undergraduate
student body at Albany. we should have every reason to ex-
pect that this school be recognized as one of the foremost
schools in America.

The sad fact is that Albany has chosen not to be on that
list. Rather than taking advantage of its greatest asset. its
high quality undergraduate student body. the university in-
stead chooses to place its emphasis on graduate education
and research. As a result of these mistaken policies. we
have sacrificed national eminence in undergraduate educa-
tion for second or third rank as a research and graduate
center.

Any assumption that undergraduates attending this
university center are benefittcd by the emphasis on research
is obviously undercut by the survey results: their education
here is compromised by the necessity of financing expensive
graduate programs. Class size here is larger; those teaching
the lower division classes are often less qualified. Were
Albany to be nationally recognizd for the excellence of its
undergraduate programs. its graduates would find easy ac-
cess to the best of professional programs. Corporations
would be more likely to hire products of a school nationally
recognized for its dedication to excellence.

This university made all the wrong decisions during the
1970's. Having been in the past a first-rate training school
for teachers. the school was able in the l960's to expand in
almost every direction. But with the coming of fiscal
restraints in the 1970‘s it was necessary to establish
priorities. A Select Committee was named composed entire-
ly of men oriented to research and graduate education. Not
suprisingly this Comittee recommended that scarce assets
be diverted in their own direction. since they were doing the
most important work. This was a classic instance of sending
the goats to guard the cabbagcs.

Since that time it has been the policy of the university to
cut its undergraduate programs to the bone. Vital progrunts
were cut. Faculty with long records of service were retren-
ched. These policies were condemned at the time by the
State Legislature. and the school was put on the blacklist of
the American Association of University Professors and
other professional organizations.

Funds created by these retrenchments were then made
available in a futile effort to restore discredited PhD prov
grams in English and History. Sadly the strategy did not
even work to achieve its mistaken goal. The programs were
not restored. and so considerable damage was done without

 

best for SUNYA?

achieving any good. Rathcr than gaining favorable atten-
tion for its programs. tltc university ilsclfspent its resources
in futile lawsuits against the State insisting that there was an
obligation to support academic programs the state deemed
non-essential.

Probably no one today would defend the recommenda-
tions of the Select Committee. But the university has not
established new priorities. Attd ironically. at the satne time
as this ttnivcrsity was ctttting its undergraduate programs to
fund its graduate efforts. the caliber of the undergraduate
students at Albany was gaining national recognition. The
school had decided to go in precisely the opposite direction
to that it should have taken.

it is small consolation for someone sitting in a mass lec-
ture class of 400 students. being inel‘fcctually taught by
some harried Teaching Assistant. to be told by the univeris-
ty that somewhere in that department is a nationally-
recognizcd faculty member. whom the student will never
see. More than a third of the classes in the Department of

excellence of its undergraduate program its highest
priority. The caliber of the student body makes a scandal of
this university‘s neglect of its clearest educational mission,

This ltas been the year for discussing educational rcl'tu tn.
Americans have been rightly concerned that our schools
need improvement. The Carnegie Commission. among
many others. has called for resources to be allocated to the
improvement of teaching.

But not nearly enough attention has been paid to the
greater scandal of American higher education. It is here
that those teachers have been trained. and at this universin
the most obvious lesson is that teaching itself is not a wor-
thwhile activity. If the university itself refuses to take
teaching seriously. how can society ever expect to find good
teaching in its public schools? if university faculty are un-
couragcd to ignore their classroom responsibilities in order
to advance their personal careers in the discipline, thcn
surely their students are going to quickly realize that all the
rewards lie elsewhere.

It is small consolation for someone sitting in a mass
lecture class of 400 students, being ineffectively
taught by some harried Teaching Assistant, to be
told that somewhere in the department is a na-
tionally recognized faculty member. . .

 

English. and specifically those classes must necessary to
undergraduate education. are taught by adjunct faculty.
These teachers. usually women who have completed their
doctorates but have been unable to find a permanent posi-
tion. are the migrant labor of American higher education.
They are the worst paid and the most exploited. Money sav-
ed by cmpioying these academic “wet-backs" can then be
used to fund high salaries for those few individuals of the
highest rank who can devote themselves to the pursuit of
their own careers in the discipline without being unduly tax-
cd by the burdens of undergraduate teaching. Sad to say.
the clear recommendation of tltc Select Committee Report
was that teaching loads at the undergraduate level could be
increased. freeing up those promising faculty members who
could then devote themselves to research. Such advice. as
well as being foolish. was deeply cynical. Surely no other
corporation would be so foolish as to give its rewards
primarily to those who ignore their local rcsponsiblitics in
order to pursue their own careers outside the company.

It is one of the disgruccs of the modern American univer-
sity that success among faculty members is measured in
terms of having the fewest students and tltc largest
paycheck. This university. like others oriented to research.
considers teaching on the undergraduate level to be an ac-
tivity not entirely respectable. in the advice implicit itt the
Select Committee Report: undergraduate teaching cart be
left to those who can't do anything else. And so the lowest
salaries go to those who carry the heaviest teaching respon-
sibilities. The highest salaries are reserved for ad-
ministrators and those engaged irt research.

Albany desperately needs new priorities. Great teachers
must no longer be told that tltclr services are not needed
here —- that they should find employment at community
colleges or small liberal arts institutions that value teaching
skills more highly than we do. The university must make

The emphasis on research to the exclusion of teaching is
devastating the Atncrican university. For two years the
faculty at Berkeley has failed to gain a quorum itt its senntc.
Faculty are indifferent to any activity that lttkcs thctn tl\\il)’
from their personal research activities.

A lot has been heard here at Albany about student
apathy. But far more dangerous to a university is ".tculty
apathy and administrative cynicism — the pcrvu 'c sense
that no local contribution to tile university is rewarded.
And an administration that communicates through its pct»
sonncl decisions that teaching is unimportant will quickly
dcmoralize that work. An administration that is apathetic
to its educational responsibilities will quickly cngcndcr u
faculty and a student body cqttnlly apathetic.

Reform of the present situation will require that stndcntx
take an interest in their own education. They will Intvc to
convince a deeply alienated faculty that its lL‘tlt‘hittt: “out |\
important. and an administration that thinks that ilt‘iltiL‘lllit'
greatness lies in tut ever greater emphasis on rcscntclt litttl
no mission of a university can be more important tluut tt~
educational effort for its own students.

The last president at Albany State once defined at gtcdl
uttivcrsity as "tt collection of names." proving thau IlL' did
not know the difference between il university llllti .l
telephone directory. The modern university litts bet-luv -t
“mailing address" for faculty members who spend as little
time as possible on campus. 'l'hcir wish is to advance lilt‘il
own careers. not to cductuc their students.

lint there is high hope here if students do dcmnnd lilill
"icy be taken seriously. If we redefine our priorities. \u‘
cmild qtlickly become famous as the university lhtll ltcttttll
""3 necessary reform of American higher education. And
when the next US Newsaml War/(I Report does a surch 0'
undergraduate education. Albany might head the list us the
ﬁnest undergraduate program of any state ttnivcrsilY-

 

 
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
 
  
   
   
  
  
  
   
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
   
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
    
   
   
   
   
   
    
     

 

 

 

 

 

 

    

