  

. 1Vrvas.su-- . 3-.....

EDITORIAL "

 
  
   
  
     
    
   

he Brezhnev Doctrine.
That was where Soviet party chairman Leonid
Brezhnev justified Russian intervention itt
.Czechoslovakia in i968 by declaring tiiat the Soviet Union
had the right to make sure seeialist states stayed socialist.

What he meant. of course. was that the Russians had the
right to make sure any state they dominated stayed under
their control.

Meanwhile. in Grenada. El Salvador, Lebanon. and
elsewhere. the “forces of freedom" are carrying out their
noble and never-ending struggle to stop "the bestial nature
of those who would have power."

The fact of the matter is. both sides iti tltis global power
struggle ltave and will continue to pursue almost ldetttieal
policies —- aimed at increasing their own sphere at the ex-
pense of the other.

Reagan intends to maintain historic U.S. domination of
Latin America. right or wrong. instead of practicing what
lte preaches about freedom arid self-determination. he. like
ltis predecessors. supports puppet dictators and invades na-
lions.

If one goes by amoral superpower rules. the invasion of
Grenada was smart. Reports front the island tell of a large
Cuban military force present. and the island docs sit astride
an important U.S. sealane. Besides, here was a great oppor-

Brezhnev Doctrine in reverse

tunity to teach the Soviets and Cubans some restraint. and
the risks were minimal. The US. could definitely wrn this
one.
On top of that. the potential threat of a new hostage
crisis was 1 risk any prudent leader would not take.

flat the oottom line is inescapable.

What right does the US. have to forceits will on another
nation because it has a government we don't like? ‘

Where does Reagan's talk of the “Community ol Na-
lions” fit in as a country of 230 millioti crushed an island of
“0 thousand? .

This is r ﬂagrant violation of international law. tncx-
cusabie under any circutnstances.

And by banning the press from the war [one antler the
bogus pretext of the risk being too higii. Reagan shows his
true respect for the First Amendment and all constitutional
rights.

Now Reagan's fervent sermons. skillfully acted. appear
sickening. in all previous American wars, the press has
been there regardless of the dangers. By breaking precedent
with all of his predecessors, Reagan weakens dentocracy
and moves closer to the communist concept of u govern-
tnent that does not answer to its people. a government out
of control.

 

Let's call a spade a spade. This is just the iirc/itnev Doc.
trine in reverse. and Reagan is proving that America can b.
just as brutal and ruthless as the "evil" Soviets,

The saddest part is that innocent people are being mum
in Reagan's foolish military adventures ~~ including
American troops. For their lives. the President must behutd
personally responsible. . ,

‘Open them up’

he message is clear. Students on this t‘tittlpus are
concerned about the policies that affect them, and
want to play a part iii the decision tanking [)iUt‘L‘gtl
it's also evident that the students are demanding their rigm
to be informed on the developtnent of these meetings.
The administration has initiated two task forces, on:
charged with reviewing Alcohol Policy. the other lt‘\iu\\inx
Bus Service Alternatives. lioth committees have Cittwll thci,
doors to the public.

The ASP hits asserted that by closing theit tithih it...
committees have violated the New York Start- Open
Meetings Law. Central Council. the Student Association's
legislative branch. ltas also condemned the closing of the“
meetings.

Council‘s rcsoltttiott to “Ol’l-iN '11 llth UP” \\il\ n time-
ly and important step toward insuring every sttitlciit'\ right
to know (See story page one). Students are non pmtert‘nlly
united. What is the administration‘s response? 

 

 

COLUMN
Marable on

Dr. Manning Marable was to appear in the Capital
District Area on November i9. l9li3 at the invitation ol‘the
(apital District Area Coalition against Apartheid and
Racism. in the evening of that day he was to speak on cam-
pus at the invitation of ASUBA. and ltis topic was
"Academic Racism". Due to scheduling conflicts. Dr.
Mutable was forced to cancel his appearance here.

Japhet M. Zwana

lti his recent book. Front The Graxxroois‘. Marable pro-
vides us with hints of what he would have said in his
aborted presentation.

The following commentary is an extract from his work.
The author begins by pointing. appropriately. that a good
portion of the rcnaissancc'of racism in America today is
evident on college campuses. Racism has taken the form of
attacks against affirmative action programs in the hiring
and promotion of African-American faculty and staff.

The decline in the recruitment of Africa-American
graduate and undergraduate students at predominately
white campuses is of concern. The vicious attack on
African-American Studies department programs is on the
increase. There is no doubt but that the loss of federal and
private funding for historically African-American colleges
is aimed at crippling them. According to Marable. tlterc
had been added another subtle dimension to academic
racism -— the growth and promotion of the new eugenics
research which endorses the age-old stereotype that
stigmatizes the Africans as genetically inferior to Carica-
stans.

 

Observers have noted a rather disturbing tendency of
late. in a recent issue of“Scimce For the People" by Barry
Mcttler. there is documentation to the effect that there has
been established a three-way marriage among white racist
academic researchers. the new Right and the politics of the
current GOP Administration. One sharp example of this
trend is the fact that the Pioneer Fund. a national academic
foundation. has been known to fund a large number of
overtly racist professors. One study revealed that in 1981
the Fund's Directors and Ofﬁcers included Thomas Ellis.
known for his more than generous contributions to
Reagan. and John B. Trevor. one of the founders of the'
American Coalition of Patriotic Societies.

The gravity of this situation. in relation to campus
t.;-.ism. is represented by the following supportees of the
Pioneer Fund in recent years: William Shockley — he has
published what are regarded as major studies in which he is
at pains to prove. white supremacy. Arthur Jensen — he
is by far America's archproponent of African-American in-
herent inferiority.

Frank McGurk and Audrey Shuey — they are both
authors of the dispicable “The Testing of Negro in-
'elligence" which has been used as a spawning ground for
numerous racist study adventures.

Rpgcr Pearson - he is the British facisi who authored,
"i-iugenics and Race". in I978 he was the organizer of an

ambitious facist and neo-facist and anti~semitiownfcteh€c '

I'erenee in Washington. D. .

Professor Marable expresses measurable concern over
the sort of academic research that features in the areas of
biology, psychology and sociology whose ﬁndings are
distributed among hundreds of thousands of students
throughout the nation and the world. What is even more.

academic racism

serious is the fact that these studies are riiadc available to
campus administrators and policy makers who use tltetii as
textbooks on which ilicy base their decisions. Asa special
footnote on this. the book. Haitian formalin/978} edited
by RT. Osborne. Clyde E. Noble aitd Natitanicl Weyl. has
the following saline passage. "During slavery. the environ-
tnent was tnore favorable than anytlting(blacks) had ex-
perienced in Africa. As slaves. they improved itt health and
ittereased i1 numbers. When the Negroids were liberated
from agricultural slavery. they were thrown fret: to shift for
themselves in largely Caucasion Societies...Thcse simple,
unskilled rural people were suddenly offered irregular ur-
ban etnpioyment combined with the opportunities of drink
and drugs.‘ ganibiing and prostitution. and tie reliable
means of productive. creative or congenial labor. Tlierc is
no historical or scientific evidence tltal blacks are the equals
ol' the intellectually well-endowed races".

Dr. Marable has sounded a wanting to those who ttiighl
think that this "racist garbage" could not possibly be lakctt
seriously in respccted universities. He points out that Ar-
thur Jenset s polluted writings have been publisitcd in the
liarvard Educational Review. Extracts of his "Theories On
The Inferiorin Of Black Children. “ have appeared in the
New York Times, Newsweek. Etltrt‘a/ional Digesl, Na-
tional; Rev 1 and Science News.

Congress has just established Martin l titltct King Jt.'«
birthday as a national holiday. Dr. King was it iiL‘llt oi tin-
civil rights era which attempted to uproot \iliite ‘~ll]tlt‘llitit‘l.
The iiiirttblc result was the passing of the tt\t| itigltlt
Legislation in the I960‘s.

One of the grintniesl truths and a persisting «inc, 1\ tint
campuses continue to be breeding grounds t‘ot liltl‘wiii. in
that effect. former University of Chicago tuolcmtt.
Dwight lngle. has increased the circulation of ill\ |‘||i\i|\ilt‘ti
view that. “The Negroids" problems are llttl “aunt in
racism but the Negroiti-Caucasoid iQ gap."

A number of campuses including SUNYA are making
concerted efforts to recruit minority undergraduate and
graduate students. The general and increased incidence of
academic racism, however. is producing a L‘tHIillt'i rutrcnt.
According to the October. l983 issue of Elm/tr tungit/itit'.
now there is a new trend. More anti tttitrc .-\tritatr
American youllts are transferring from white thumb to
Black ones. For example. Howard University tcnlt/ed ll 25
percent increase in enrollment during the Fall oi WK! ltirgl)
due to crossovers from White colleges-universiiics. Manit-
ing Marabie’s observations should be taken sciiitlhi)‘.
The author of this article is Associate Director "1' stifle
Iitative Action and Assistant Professor of African-sift“-
American Studies.

 

 

 

3‘5

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ABour 7/745 7’0 cutter 77/ DECO“ " A

 

 

 

 

 

.‘ gmm‘tbp" n

I

.s...‘ ‘K n

 “ AGhostl's Tale Of A-Hdllosoeen past.

 

 

 

