 

-..’<W».¢~m-.s. -

 

 

' EENI VERSITY EINEMAS

Proudly Presents
Friday and Saturday March 1 1 and 1 2

The Movie Event of the Semester!

0’ 1""? [@7ng @ﬁK

7:30 and 10:00

LC18

 

 

 

Al Pacino

Author
Author

LC 7
7:30 and 10:00

$1.50 w/ tax card $2.00 w/out
Next Week: Stripes, Garp & Victory and the Wall

SA FUNDED

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

   

 

By Maddl Kun
. smir- tt'RIT/z’R
Increasing strident complaints due to redtrced library
hours and the strbseqtterit lack of sttrdy space have led to
the reopenitig of lecture eettter 19' for study until 2 run.
weekniglits. accordirtg to Dean of Student Affairs Neil
Brown.
The decisioti to keep lecttire center [9 open fotrr hours
,lalcr tliati tlte normal l()p.rn. closittg tittic was tirade by
Brown Tlttrrsday iii order to have it available for mid-term
tittic. "I didn‘t want to spend a week or so deciding.“ said
ltrowu. "since raid-terms were trpori tts. I made a definite
dceisiott brised on the itipttt of three students wlto were stri-
dyittg iti LC I9."
lit the past. all lectrrrc ccrtters were locked regularly at It)
p.rti with the exception of It). The decision to extend
operatitig ltottrs iti LC l9 was the result of art experiment
cortdttcted by the Departtiient of Academic Affairs.
During midterm poitit last semester l.(‘ 1‘) was left open
past the to p.tii. loek~trp to accottittrodate students wlto
were forced ottt of the library becatrse of redtrcctl library

 

 

LC 19 night study hours extended once again

tours

 

tattt Vice President for Acadetttic Affairs Martlta
.{ozett said that last semester "Two work-study stridents
were hired to monitor LC l9 and keep attendenee records
while the LC was open until 2 am."

Accordirtg to Dean Brown. {The feedback was
positive." Rozett added. "About 20-30 people studied
there ttiglitly."

Although the extended lecture center liouts proved stre-
cessful. lecture cetttcr l9 has been locked regttlarly at It)
n.tti. since the beginning of spring serttcstcr. eveti though
.ttrdents are now iii the midst of rnidtertns. Ro/ett explain-
:d that. “we didn't open it at the beginning of the scrtiester
becatrse we weren't cotiviticcd there was a need for it."

Recently students have beetr protestittg the lack of strrdy
space and the tteed for the lecture centers to rctttaiti open
after to p.rn. Complaints about the locked lecttrtc center
were registered with the Univ'crsity l’olice security depart—
tticttt. Secretary to the departttietit Nancy l,ocux received
several calls referring to the locked centers, "They watited
sectirity to come and rrttlock the rooms." she said.

Dean llrowri explaitred the delay iri reopening l.(.' l‘), “I

 

 

f‘f‘”.'f’2“.‘n-|.‘_A v.

MARCH 1 I, 1983 D 74 LBA'N Y STUDENT PRESS 5

was aware of the fact that midterms were coming.
Although evidence indicated students were rising the space
:f cicntly. t hesitated bceatrse we wouldn‘t have the work-
study students available." He later decided to go alicad
with the plan after talking with students.

Stephanie Ratte. who was studying in LC 19 last night
corttttietitcd. "The LC's should be open until 12 or I a.m.
all the tittie. If you watit to study later. wlth the LC‘s open
there‘s a place you cart go." Another student iti LC 1‘).
Mrtrk (itrclpli. added. “I come here around tcst tittie. l’eo-
ple cottie lterc just to study. not to sociali/c like iii the
library.

()thcr rricasures have been introduced to help rcdtrcc the
crowding in the library and acconiodtttc studcttts' studying
needs. According to Brown. $60,000 was .tllocated front the
budgeted residence funds to purchase sltrdy cttrtclls ttrtrl
desks to fill unused roortts aitd study space oti Alumni and
State Quads.

"l‘tiWII will be tticctirig with SA President Mike ( orso to
discuss the long-term plans for l.(‘ 1‘). "We will monitor it
and as lotig as there is a need we'll try to tncet it.“ Ittowtt
said. adding, “it will go ittto effect itltttlt‘diutcl)." l .

 

 

 

Computers to figure in fall room assignments

Mechanized system will save time

The Office of Residential Life is presently
in the process of devising a new procedure
for housing sign-ups and rtssigtttttetits with
the eventual goal being of having one effi-
ciertt mechanized system. accordirtg to Assis-
trttit Director of Residential Life Deatt Knap-
tort.

The process of assigning students will only
change frotti “a manual system to it cont-
ptrter assisted system." explained Director of
Residential Life John Martotte. Iticottiirtg
students will still be assigned ltousing to meet
their needs but it will be done faster.

The new addition for this semester. said
Ktiapton. will be a scanner forrti which will
be given to the strident to fill out after he ltas
paid his room deposi

The form will be similar to that of the blue
residence licetis - application previotrsly used.
arid irtcltrde all necessary ittforttiatioti. said
Kttaptott. such as smoking and living
preferences. credit liotrrs. class year. and
previous campus address. An added featttrc
might be a pt'e-prtnvltcd lottery number. This
addition wottld save time iti signing tip for
rooms and reduce anxiety arid stress for those
students hating to pick their rootns by lot-
ter'y.

Martottc said lie is looking forward tti the
computers handling and rcdrtcing [itrrliiettts
of roorti vacancies and roortt changes, “We
want students to be able to live with the peo-
plc they want to live with. where they want to
live." he said. “With the computers we'll
hopefully be able to see a printout saying
ltow many roottts are still a Iailable."

livcruually. said Martotie. the Office of
Residential Life is looking toward a totally

 

computerized system where art incoming
freshman will he inforrttcd of his/her room-
mate ttrid sttitetttate's tiatttes arid addresses.
They will also he told their quad. hall. suite.
and rootti.

Presently, Ktiapton is investigating that
proposal due to cortcerti over the Buckley
Artietidtitcrit. a privacy of information act.
"We want to cheek orrt all ends," explained
Knaptoti. adding. "We don't want to arise
problcitis by invading privacy."

According to Kttrtpton. the new approach
to the housing sign-up will not de-
ittdividuali/e the students' ticcds. “Those
prelercnces." he strid. "will still be tttken into
account." Martoti - added. “The new system
will give us ttiorc flexibility to meet students'
needs better."

The changeover frorti a manually operated
system to a computer assisted system will go
tltrough the [MS (University Auxilary Scr~
vices) corttptrter's. The llttivac eotttpttter
system on campus will not be used. Martone
explained that too many people need Ilicsc
cotttptrters and they are lit constant rise. “We
are rising the satire coltipatiy and cotttputcrs
as LIAS to develop our software." ltc said.
“lhtr we are not relying on (MS personnel.
We've hired a priiate progtariinicr to develop
our programs. who happens to be ftorti the
satire company."

Martorte stiid.“'l‘lic added cost of corti-
purer programs ttttd Iirtie was rtot a factor in
the intended rent increase for next year.“
the rttoncy that will be spent for the scanner
fotttts will balance off the ttiottcy that would
have been spent oti the extra staff needed for
housing sigiHrp. In the long run time will he

  

t

l
.lli ‘lit'

 

it. itilillll .trtitir

i

   

 'l’:

iiiii i'tlilii‘l

. J A

 

 

 

 

Gator”?! Quad
(‘UIII/ittlr'rs \/ltll(/t/ I't't/ll(‘t' problems “from” itlr'tt/tt'iet rIIIII morn t‘lIrI/Illt'h

sated tttlti the entire housing process should
he more accurate. according to Mattotie.
(inc sltrdcrit. l)ase Reich. cortittterited.
“Using cotiiptrtcts will probably speed things
up. llopclully it won't be such .t Itiadliouse iii
the flttgtoorri trying to get a room this year."
Melody \\'ltite. another strtdctit. ttrldcd.“l
hope this new s)\lL‘III works without arty
drawbacks. I'd rather not waste a whole day
signing up for housing."
The cstitttated cost of writing the programs
and purchasing the scanner forms is
$4.000 - $6.000. said Mar'totie. “The scanner

ERICA SPIEGEL UPS

forms are c\pctisr\c we're hoping students

won‘t make a lot ol mistakes he added.
Mtttlttltc estimated that met tlte next
couple til )Cills we will be totally cotiiptttcril-
erl." l'icsentl) programs are being written
attd run through the computer. .'\lar tottc add~
ed that iii the neat ltttute a group ot’stttl'l'arid
students will be rurtrtirtg a mock housing sign-
up. It will be a walk through "housing sign»
tip" test to prepare for any unanticipated
problems. Room selection is tctitatitely

scheduled for the first two weeks iti April.
—Mtrtltll Kurt

 
 

 

Housing sign-ups haunted by ‘ghost’ students

 

By Karen l’irozzi
‘ilrvll'li Il'NIlI-ik

 

.r.
J‘

No one wants to live in a haunted liorise.
but when it comes time to eltoose dorm
rooms for ttext year. dozens of students will
sign tip to live witli ghosts, aecorditig to
Director of Residential Life .loltti Martonc.

A “ghost” or "bogus" housing sign tip.
according to Martotic. is when a sttrdcttt.
usually an uppcrclassmen, signs tip to live on
ettttipus with a group of
other students with no in- 
rention of acttrally living
there. This is dorie to raise 
tlte priority of the group.
which incr-ases their chances of getting the
qttad or suite they desire.

The priority system. Martone explained.
works as follows. livery strident is assigned a
ntirtiber from one to five according to his
class year attd whether or not lie/she is rctttr-
ttirtg to the same qrtad. Each person's "gn-
cd number is combined with the others arid
an average is takcrt to deterttiine the groups
overall priority. The lowest overall average
equals the highest priority, and these students
eltoose their roortts first. clt group within a
designated priority draws a number to deter-

 

rtiiric who has first choice among tlietti. Mar—
tone added. Consequently. if a group of
three freshmen. with an average priority of
five. sigti tip with a junior whose priority is
one. their priority becomes fortr. giving tltettt
an advatitage over other freshmen.

“The thing that bothers tttc tttost is that
these are stttdertts that are really sltafting
other students." said Mttrtotie. “We watit
students to live where they watit to live. attd
these bogus ltotrsirtg sign ups rtre ‘(IttSing
more pat. s to be shut off."

One Colonial Quad strtdettt agreed saying
“I feel cheated becarise it's just not f ‘. Why
should people who sltottld have lower priori—
ty get better housing?"

According to Martorie. the Office of
Residential Life does not ktiow exactly ltow
many people are ittvolvcd iti ghosting.
be ‘arrse students are allowed a certain
amount of tittie to withdraw frottt their hous-
ing contract for legitimate reasons. arid no
one knows who really intended to live oti
campus and who did not. Last year. between
300 and 350 people withdrew from their con-
tracts. any number of wheat could have been
ghosts. lte said. .

However. Area Coordinator of Colonial
arid State Quads Howard Woodrttff pointed

   

 

out. “There are cases when it becortics very
obvious" that ghosting is going on. “When
we ltavc sign tips on Friday arid a group of
fottr sign tip. then Monday three of fottr
release themselves. we know."

Martotic stressed that situations such as
this are "getting to the poittt wlterc etiorrglt is
enough." and that next year lie is “seriously
cortsidetittg consolidation." lti cases where
there are orin one or two people frotti art
original group left iti a suite. he said. “we
may take the group and move it to the next
available suite. It's the only way we cart deal
with it. arid ttiakc trtorc spaces." He added
that it may scettt unfair that stiriic stttdettts
will be penali/ed while others will not. bttt
stressed that it is worth it if it dctcts people
frotti ttsirig “ghosts.”

Students seem to agree that the practice of
gliostitig is unfair. bttt still corititittc to do it.
Otie studctit. who used a ghost to get the
dorttt room she warttcd. said. “I think for a
university tlt size. the liottsitrg system is
totally inefficient. It breeds corruption
be 'attse everyone is ottt to get the best possi-

 

-ble living sitttalioti. I did it because the room-

mate I wanted was listed a yertr below."
The area coordinator of Dutch and Indian
Quads Gayle Griffith explained. “when up-

per classnten get a senior moving off-campus
to sign tip with. they don't think about the
space created. Most likely it will be filled by a
freshman. If they don‘t want a lrcsltman.
well. they sltottld have tltottgltt of tin iii the
first place. ltt attyeasc. it oftctt makes trouble
for the freshman.”

The fact that these spaces are rrstrally filled
by freshmen. .u‘tonc said. is due to tire
policy that t'rcslittteti are provided housing no
tttatter what. along with continuing students.
Transfers are placed after everyone else. he
added.

According to \\'oodruff. “ghost sign-ups
have becotne "very popular iii the past five
years." He cotrld not cstirtiatc which quad
ltad the most ghosting, btrt said that last year
the largest sign-ups were on Colonial and lit-
tliati quads. The y or before the most
popular quads were Dtttclt arid lttdiatt. arid
several years before. State arid Dtttcli. The
popularity of quads scents to shift iti cycles.
lie added.

Martotic is optitttistie about the future of
housing at SUNYA. because of the introduc-
riott of computer technology ittto the system.
“This year." he explained. “Housing sign-
tip will be cotttptrter assisted. changing the
administration. " ll

7

 

«« .. -¢c~. ...~.. .. i '

  

