 

 

 
 
 
   
  

 

 

Albany Closed out SUNYAC-East
with a 62-53 victory over.Oneonta

 

By Marc Schwarl
Int“ It‘I II. \I'URIS I IIIIUN

_--..._ c . .,._._.-_. "A.
St'flt‘llt't'lllrb'. N. Y.

For the Albany State (treat Danes.
Memorial l'ield Ilottse is It place tltey would
like to forget. Albany fell for the second
little this season to tile tinion (‘ollege Dut-
chmen. 54-50 last ttigltt. the loss hurl lite
Danes chances for trtt :tt-latge bid for tire
NI'A.\ tournament.

"I would dry out cltttltce tor an at large
bid is datttpened." lleatl ('otteh Dick
\‘auets saitt following tlte defeat.

Ilte loss also mapped the Danes t'ite
gante winning streak and dropped their
season record to 15-h.

l’oor outside shooting artd the itttthility to
turn rebottttds ittto baskets hampered tlte
Dane effort. Albany shot a miserable ii for
24 itt the first half and 3‘) peteettt for tire
game.

“We had sortie good opportunities. httt

we couldn't ltit the struts.“ Sattets said.
"()ur good sltootets weren‘t getting good
shots. That‘s a credit to their defense."
- The Uniort defense held tlte Dune startittg
guards to only eigltt poirtts for tire game.
Dart (‘routier was litnited to four points for
the second consecutive gartte. I

The l'atl see-sawed for tnost of tile first
ltalf with Albany ltolding the largest lead ttt
14-9 witlt ttirte tnitttttes rernaitting irt tlte
period. The Danes were tlten held scoreless
for the next three trtitttttes while tlte Dut-
cltrnen tnottrtted a comeback. jumping out
to a 15-14 lead witlt a little oser six minutes
to go. Albany regained tltc lead on two free
throws by l)a\e Adam. making the score
16-15.

Union pulled mil to tr 21-17 i'ad before
.loltrt Dieckelmatt closed the gap to 21-19
with two of his six first half poirtts on a
follow of ltis owtt missed shot. Tltcre was
no fttrtltet scoring irt tlte first half as the
Dutchmen were unable to get a final sltot
off. ‘

The entire grttttc was played withottt tlte

use of tire scoreboard clock. wltich was not
operating dtte to a mechanical failure.

Ilte Dane defertse lirrtited Union guard
.ioe Clinton to two poirtts durirtg tlte half.
Albany ttsed a box-and-oue defetlse on the
Dutehrnert playmttker. grittdittg Ilte usually
high-powered limon offense to a ltalt.
('routier took Clinton out of the flow ofthe
Dutchmen offense.

Albany was ttnttblc to caplltlll/c on their
defensive prowess. l‘he Danes were unable
to score on their ettd of the eottrt. missing
seteral easy chances underneath the basket.

"It was a totrglr shootittg night."
Dieckehnttn said. "If yott ean't pill the ball
itt the bttsket. yott can‘t win too rrtarty
games."

Aihttny scored the first four points of the
second half to more ottt to a two poittt lead
at 23-21. Dieekeltnttn eorutectetl on botlt
baskets, the first on a feed from .iart
[adoorian attd the second on a follow of a

'tllissed shot by Mike (iatto. Dieckelman

fittisltcd the garlic witlt 1‘) poirtts artd 10 re-
hottttds.

After Union tied the score on a lS-footer
by Clinton. tlte Danes jurttped ottt to a fottr
poittl lead. 27-23 on two qttick baskets by
Wilson ’I'ltomas. Thomas had 12 second
half poirtts artd finished the gante with 16.

"Doc had set up a play for tire point marl
to look for tne inside. It was working
because I was getting the shots," Thomas
said.

Uttion scored nest on an inside hoop by
Ken i)'()ra/io. The Dutchmen center
poured irt it) points and hit several key
brtckets when'Union tnadc their tttove later
itr the half.

Albany maintained their lead for the next
several tnintttes tts the two teams exchanged
baskets. Union regained the advantage on a
basket by Joe Wood following a steal by
Clinton at the 13:25 tttark. The Dtttclttttett
pushed their lead to three when D‘Orazio
hit a turnaround jumper to make it 34-31.

The Danes scored the next four points on
atop of the key jumper by (iatto and a steal

 

 

J.V. wins’again‘
—page 15

FEBRUARY [8. I983

"Danes drop another game to Dutchmen, 54-50

.ww
’

6" ’
c‘guﬁ

V

 

 

ALAN CALEM UPS

Wilson Thomas scored 16 points in last night’s loss to Union. Thomas had 12 in

Tuesday's win over Oneonta.

and drive by Dieckelman to pttt Albany on
top for the fittal time, 35-34.

Kevin Bartlett scored with 10:30 remain-
irtg to pttt Union itt the lead to stay. 36-35.
Bartlett. the first rrtart off the bench for the
Dutchmen. scored nine second half points
and grabbed two offensive rebounds which
be converted irtto four points.

Union outscored Albany 10-4 over the
next four minutes. enabling them to take a
seven point lead at 46-39. liight of the Dut-

chmen's 10 points were on free throws. Fif-
teen of Union's 33 second ltalf points were
scored on t'oul shots.

"There were a couple of close foul calls
that got them into the one-and-one situa-
tiott. Instead of ﬁeld goals. they were going
to the line for one-and-oncs to get their
lead." Satters said.

Tlle Dutchmen wertt to the line 23 times
during the game rtnd hit on 16 of those at-

15>

Cagers drop third straight with Hartwick loss

 

By Mark Levine
5L4], HRH/J!

In most instane in basketball. a "In -
game losing streak is considered anything
httt promising as a way of entering a very
important tournament. However, in the
ease of the Albany State women‘s brisket-
ball team. this may actuttlly be a blessing in
disgttise. said Head Coach Mari Warner.

“We've played the three best learns on
our schcdttle (l'lillnllltm, Pace. artd Httrt-
wick) the last three games." Warner said. as
site prepared her team for this weekend's
Capital District 'I‘ourntuttent at St. Rose.
“it's been frustrating losing. httt i think
we're rt better team after playng those
games at this true of year. It rttight not be a
bad way to ctttcr a tournament.“

The Dartcs' rrtost rceettt setback came on
the road at the expense of powerful Ilart-
tvick Wednesday night. The final score was
74-56, bttt the game was much tigltter than
the score indicated. according to Warner.

The first ltttlf was reltttively close. with
liartwick holding a seven-point lead for
tnttch of the half before extending the
margin to 33—20 at intermission. The Danes
cut the lead to three points with 13 tninutes
to play before the roof caved in. Guards
Rainy Lesane and Ronnie Patterson suf-
fered rttinor injuries and had to leave the
game. forward Nancy Wunderlich fouled
out. and the ntomentum swung over to
Hartwick. In addition, Senior forward

Rhea Edwards had to sit ottt the game with
an injury. Despite the lopsided score.
Warner was not overly upset with Albany's
performance.

“i thought we played well." she said.
“Hartwiek is leading the nation in scoring
offense. and they ottly outscored us by five

 

 

 

points in the second half. In no way was it a
blowout."

Senior Captain Robin Gibson scored 15
points artd grabbed nine rebounds for
Albany. leading the team in both
categories. Her performance was even more
remarkable considering she played the en-

a-

    

 

ALAN CALEM UPS

Diane Fernandes and the women's basketball team took to snap their three

game losing streak tonight at St. Rose.

tire 40 minutes of the game and site is just
now returning from a knee injury that
sidelined her for several games. Wunderliclt
added 13 points. Patterson 12, arid Lesane
11 as Albany received balanced scoring.

One thing the Danes do have going
against them this weekend will be the
absence of Edwards. who is out for the year
with what appears to be torn cartilage in her
knee. Edwards is Albany's best defensive
player. and her qttickncss artd leadership
will also be sorely missed. “We'll definitely
miss Rhea." Warner commented. “I'm
very glad to have Robiri‘baek. but I would
have given anything to ltave both seniors
ready for this weekend.”

As for her thoughts on the upcoming
tournament. Warner tried to emphasize the
fact that the team isn't playing badly.
"We‘re disappointed. bttt we are not in a
slump. I've told the girls that. Over the last
few games I've seen an improvement irt our
defense. ottr physical play, and ottr passing.
We really wattt this tonrnamerlt. and I think
every single player is ready for it. Attd I'll
tell you this: if we play this weekend the
way we‘ve played the last few games. 1 feel
sorry for the learns we play."

Tlte Danes begin their qtrest for the title
tonight at 8:(X) as they take on the host
school, the College of St. Rose. The Iouna-
ment concludes tontorrow. with the finals
being played at 6:00 preceeded by the con-
solution round at 4:00. i l

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

VOLUME LXX

 

 

Fﬂday

February 25, 1983

 
 
 

  
   

NUMBER 8

 

 

 

 

 

Board’s plan would raise tuition to ease cuts

By Bob Gnrdlnler
EDITORIAL 45st pm r

Tile SUNY Board of Trustees
adopted a proposed firtrtrtcial plan
for the 1983-84 fiscal year Wednes-
day that would result irt increased
tuition for all students. reductions
in staff and faculty attd art elimina-
tion of sortie programs of study
with a curtailing of others.

The Division of the Budget
(1)011) requested that tttt overall
plan be formulate'd by the universi-
ty system by March 1. The DOB
ttttd the legislature will forward
their reaction to the proposed plrtrt
by March 31.

A tttitiort increase of at least $300 per
year for undergraduate students was sug-
gesletl to meet the executive budget reverttte
projection. This pltttt. ltowever. is unl'ixed
ttttd will be sttbject to discussion III a later
date. said SUNY Chancellor Clifton R.
Wharton.

The exact extent rtrtd amount of tttitiott
that SUNYA students will pay is undecided.

following a disagreement by trttste
various ttttiversity presidents over the issue
of “differential tuition." Four different
differential schedules were considered and
are still tlte sttbject of a debate that sets
some university presidents at odds with the
board of trustees. The plans are:

> An across the board increase shared by
tire SUNY system

> A lower di on attd upper division
tttition difference with the upper division
students paying more.

> Higher tuition at the University
centers titan the rest of the system.

> Higher Upper Divisiott ttritiott to in-
clinic only the ttniversity centers.

New ‘altz President Alice Chandler voic-
ed her disapproval of the differential tuition
plans and drastic increases in tuition saying
that “this will undermine the ‘egaltarian‘
.edttcation provided by the SUNY system —
it will create a 'pecking order'."

The question was also raised regarding
distribution of the tuition collected on a dit-
ferential tuition schedttle artd witether it will
stay irt the school witere it is paid or be sub-
ject to dislribtttion. “There will be no cer-
taittty that it (tuition money) will remain in

 

    

and

Inset: SASU President Jim Tierney; Board of Trustees " g, (‘L

"There's no joy in inert-tiring lililitlll Int! we must increase revenue. "

the school where it was paid." said Whar-
ton. The board of trustees reserves the right
to distribtttc funds wlterc they ttre needed.“
The fittttl budget front the trustees will
preserve 1,247 faculty artd staff positions
ottl of the more tltart 3.000 initially propos-
ed to be cttt. These positions were saved. ac-
cording to the budget report. following the
decision that additional revenues cart be
raised. These revettues will come from
money saved on tttililies. primarily as a
result of fuel costs that are now lower titan
had been projected and tile possibility of
obtaining six million dollars frottt reduc-
tiorts in building repairs and equipment
replacement. explained the budget report.
Tile savings together with the tuition in-
crease, however. would not eliminate the
need for program. faculty and staff reduc-
tions becattsc of cuts proposed by the new
administration and salary hikes voted on

last year by the state employee unions, Vice
Chancellor of University Affairs Robert
Perritl.

SA President Mike (‘orso voiced his
disapproval to the board of any increase:
that will jeopardize student accessibility to
SUNY. “We need to fittd revenues
somewhere else; we tteed to work on the
legislature. You (board) sltottld cotnpile rtrt
impact statement to show the legislature the
extent of the problem." (‘orso said that the
state should be concerned to maintain the
qttality of the university. He added that lie
was glad ire was a senior because he is rtot
eligible for TA ’ attd would not be able to
afford to attend SUNYA after a tuition in-
CfL‘ile.

This new proposed increase is one of the
largest ill the history of the SUNY system.
Since 1979 SUNY tuition ltas gone up by
$225 frorn $850 to $1.075. Cost for tuition

 
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
  

” -- Ctiiton Wharton

next year. if the increases go rnto effect.
could approach $1.400. Part of the propos-
ed budget will include art increase of $150 in
room charges.

In reply to tttitiott increases O‘Leary said
"there's no joy in ittcreasing tuition btrt we
must increase revenue. itt any event this
means that within weeks or even days peo-
ple may start to get cut."

Governor Mario Cuomo originally
agreed on a budget of $1.184 billion dollars
for SUNY in his Feb. 1 budget tnessttge.
This represents rt $59.1 million increase over
lttst year's amount. according to Vice
(‘hancellor Perrin. bill is still far below the
increase of $84.5 million that the trustees
ltad originally desired to trtaitttaitt the
SUNY system.

Numerous academic programs on various
campuses will also be eliminated or reduced

9»

Zwana denied tenure in contested decision

 

JEAN PIERRE LOUIS UPS
Professor Japhot M. Zwana
Decision interpreted as "racist. "

, Eraser”: ~..-, iaWA-An'mbmamq my .....

By Steve Fox

 

Controversy is surrounding the reason
why African and Afro-American Studies
Professor .lapltet M. Zwana lttts been
denied tenure.

Zwana applied for a three-year tenure
track position last year after teaehittg at
Albany for fottr years on a temporary. one-
year contractttal brtsis. according to
ASUBA Political Committee Chair Vatt
White.

Dean of the College of Social artd
Behavioral Sciences .lolttt Webb turtted
down Zwana becattsc of a lack of jour-
nalistic ptrblications. not sttpportittg a letter
of recommendation which was written by
African and Afro-American Studies
Department Chair Dr. Frank Pogue. accor-
ding to White.

Zwana said that lte fclt lie was being
mistreated and that “there is absolutely no
comparison between what 1 have written
and what the other faculty members have
written." He added, “if anything I am
over-qualified for the position."

A faculty metnber close to the situation
said that it was a racist decision not to give
Zwana the position. that Webb did not like



Zwana. and that Zwana was a tltrcat to
Webb‘s programs in the future. When ask-
ed to elaborate. the faculty rttetrtber said
that it is felt by tnatty blacks attd tttinorities
on eatnptrs that Webb plans to eliminate the
department itt lite future. The faculty
member added that by gettittg rid of Zwana
it will bring about a deterioration in the
quality of teaeltittg. rtrtd a slow death to the
depttrttttent.

Acting Dealt of the College of Social artd
Behavioral Sciences 1) 'an Snow \‘tts
outraged at the accusations. calling them
“stupid and irresponsible. We don‘t do
business like that." he said.

“No university worth its salt would go
through tr program elimination like that."
Snow continued, adding.”l would hope
that the person who said that would have
the nerve to cotne and say that to my face."

Webb is on sabbatical. and could ttot be
reached for comment.

Snow explained that applicants for a
tenure track are judged by “standard
academic criteria that includes publications.
teaching abilities, reearclt, and service to
the community." He added that “every
case is uniqttc and is agonized over at great
length." As far as journalistic publications

are concerned. Snow said that. "no specific
formulrt is followed." bill that. “quality is
judged as well as quantity.“ He also said
that the decision depends upon the field of
tile applicant.

Zwana reettlled that lie has written for the
Albany Times Union. the ls'rtir'lrerlmr'ker
News. The New York Times artd scholarly
tltttgtt/jttcs. “so many articles that l have
lost count." Zwana added that lie has given
dozens of speeches at academic gatherings.
inelttdittg being the keynote speaker at a
black history conference for two days at
SUNY Buffalo. Last weekend Zwana spoke
at Bttffalo on the qttcstion of human rights
in South Africa.

l’ogue said that after Zwana was tttrtted
down for the position. he was re-appointcd
to his present position, ttrtd that contract
ends after the summer session. Poguc said
that Webb did not support his recommen-
dation for Z\ tana because of a "dit't‘ercrnce
itt opinion as to the definition of scholar-
sltip.“ Poguc said that lie would classify
Zwana at the service level in his duties at the
university. “His publications have been in
the area of servicing the community."
Pogue said. adding that. “they are more

  

