."'?7i.t§.' .I-u'mn
r . ., a.“

 

4 ALBANY STUDEN T PRESS NOVEMBER 18, I 983

SUN YA students work among Appalachian poor

 

By Jim O'Sullivan

EDITOR/J! I\\I\I I.\I

 

Several members of a grotrp of SUNYA
students recounted their c\pcriences working
for a week in one of the poorest areas in the
nation at Chapel House's weekly community
supper Wednesday evening.

Father Bill Ryan and Sister Danielle Bon-
etti led a group of seven students from
SUNYA’s Catholic contmunity to Ap-
palachia. a mining center in [Eastern Ken-
tttcky.

The group left on Graduation night last
May to work for a week on various projects
sponsored by the Christian Alliance Project.

an interdenominational program working to
relieve the dire poverty of the rural area.

Ryan started the discussion by notirtg tltat
CAP was the only service agency in the
region. He said that (.‘Al’ had "enormous

operations in terms of pltysical presence in
tltese small towns.“ He trtcntioned \ariotts
towns in which ltttge old factories ltud beett
taken us er and put into use as scrsice centers.
one of which was used entirely as art cttor-
mous warehouse of used clotlting distributed
to to satellite centers.

liastern Kentucky is a "very poor area with
little. local coal mines" which Ryart said were
simply “backyard operations". _

Yet the area can be deceiving because there
are no /oning laws. Ryan continued. " the
poor cart lite anywhere . . . little shacks of
the poor new to beautiful houses . . . they
don't isolate the poor like we do it) the
North."

Senior ls‘en Johnston. one of the students
who tnade tlte trip. agreed with Ryan. “We
espected to find the w ltolc area poor. but we
saw mansions here and tltere and shacks in
tire hills."

 

 

Father Bill Ryan discusses the trip
"They don 'I isolate the poor like wet/u. "

 
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
   

 

cal-lo Plaeg

"BSSBMEI

; 'l'leket Sales In Campus Center - llov.

All Buses Depart: VSVed., 11/23 from the'Circle at 3:00pm
un.,

 
 

“Y: (Port Authority)

Yonkers-nu

(Y (hoes County Mall)
(Q-6lst & Douglaston)

ROBERT LUCKEY UPS

WE MAKE
. IIIG I-l
CHEAP & EASY”

 

 

[Ellen Tower. who is a senior, also Went on
the trip. She was assigned. along Willi RY?!"
and anotiter student. to paint a house that
ltad been used by a homeless woman artd her
children for sonte time.

However. Tower was able to spend some
of her time meeting the people who |i\ed irt
the area. She recounted one of her ex-
periences to the group. “We went to visit this
one old man. he was 87 . . . his house was
\cry poor. he mainly lived in one room."

Ryan continued Tower‘s story, saying the
man lived in "abject poverty. it smelled . . .
there were blankets over the windows."

Tower said one of the things that surprised
her was tltat"a|l the old people were sharp."
Ryan agreed. saying that the group "met a
lot oi people who were very old, very self-
sui't‘iet‘ent. artd seemed very ltcalthy."

Ryan wortdcrcd aloud if the fact that the
elderly in Appalachia knew they would be
responsible for their own survi\a| helped
them to remain irtdcpendent. whereas in our
society it is the custom to institutionali/c the
old.

Ymttttc Nyberg. another sttrdcttt wlto
made the trip agreed. bttt also attribttted it to
the rela\cd way of life in the South. attd the
fact that they were in a cottttrttrrtity \\|tcrc
they kttcw etcryone attd were already ac-
ccpted.

Ryart also noted that the yottttg people ot
the area |ea\e as soon as they cart. He said
that many go to Cincinnati. Ohio. which is
seen as art area where jobs are readily
autilultlc.

When a member of the atrdicrtce asked
what happened to these people itt light of the
economy attd the fact that there are very lcw
jobs atailublc itt industry today. Ryan could
only say hopelessly that he did not know.

.loe Serio. a sophomore. worked iii a day
care center artd was able to tttcet sortie ol the
area's citildren. "They were different Irottt
kids up here itt the way that they really look-
ed happy attd they had the childhood in-
nocence. they really cared about what you
were doing. artd they were really smiling.“

Sunni-ed o1 um lmaPi

 

'I'AKE 'I'I-IE BIIS

EXPRESS Routes 'l'o:

(Marshall’sShOpping Ctr.)
 [II (Flatbush & Nostrand Ave.)
smlghto'n (Smithhaven Mall by A&S)

(Sunrise Mall)

11/27 from home at

 

8:00pm

Roundtrip Price

l8. II, n, 13

We reserve the right to cancel
3 days prior to departure

Ilonetli asserted that tile pmerty i. no,
rmtelt on a level we can't imagine. but raths‘U
“it's dire poverty in conditions we u
agirte. in the midst of attlucnce”

Site described tltc people as mountain -
plc who live in "boilers" and irt clans. 
ltave their own culture" she told [lie 1:)
dienee, "with their own cratts and llltitli‘
Site described, theta as a H...
underdeveloped. tinnseapilttltsl society W.
much a part of the setetttcertth century "nut
"coal mining took over and the pe
jolted into modern society."

Their culture "wasn't equipped to harutl.
the strains and stresses of rrrodertt hie." littrt.
etti ﬁnished.

Nyberg pointed ottt that lltctc “etc to.
young people in the area. 'l‘hosc to their tlttr.
ties had left to try and find jobs “hilctth
"people in their twenties were not ltttnurtr
otrt with nowhere to work." 0

Yet Nybcrg was surprised at the lack oi
resentment the poor ltad. "(inc Ihirtr litu'
really impressed me was lltcsc [it'tttild\\t.‘t;
really happy . . . tttore than tltc urhtrtpum,
these people srttilcd attd lattghctl.”

llonetti stated what she it'll \\.t\ in.
philosophy of tile Appalachian poor. "stun
people arc born poor and that's the \\.t\ (M:
wants it attd sotttc are born IILiI and lit.tl'\ll‘
way (iod wuttts it.“

All the people who went on tltc ow toth
the gr an inﬂuence religion had on |ilt'lt\t« ‘
the people. liottctti and Nybcrc tmth mu.
tiortcd how the churches Illillil t‘ttdi in:
cltaritable as well as teligtous llllttllttllx in
the people of the area. illllLllUll» lllt‘ '
docs ttot provide.

Ryan trotcd that one oi the [trwltlctlls t t..‘
by tile poor is that the) ll.|\L .tll “ ‘
economy. wltctt money is \orrtuw tti ilrt‘ ..
things and get credit and witcu !lte intuit.
stops coming itt they hate no tooth“. in:
they're itt debt."

()ne of the problems, accortlruu to ttxsn. t~
that as the oil supply ittctc.r~c~ tltt' tltututt
for coal decreases. attd the lust ones to itr‘i

13>

can‘t im.

"PIC “rte

 

$25.00
$10.00

$18.00

$20.00
$31.00
$18.00

 

J

 

 

i

 

. NOVEMBER 18,1983 t1 ALBANY STUDENTPRESS 5

‘1

Council votes doWn Busby dismissal proposal

 

By Ian Clements
STAFF II'RITER

 

Central Council voted 7-i3-l. Wednesday night, against
dismissing Thomas Busby from his position as student
association elections commissioner.

Council also voted to postpone a pending referendum on
a part-time and graduate student activity fee because the
administration wants tnore time to review the matter.

Council's Internal Affairs Committee. wltich voted 7-0
to dismiss Busby. said in a memorandum. that they ob-
jected to tlttsby's “general lack of knowledge and/or
disregard of election regulations."

However. Iiusby and several members of Council charg-
ed that the Internal Affairs committee ltad asked for his
resignation becatrse of “personality conflicts" between
Busby arid the committee's chair. Neil Shapiro.

Shapiro contended, "There was no personality conllict.
We were botlt doing ottr jobs. Council made a responsible
decision. Internal Affairs ntade their reeornttrendatiort and
Council decided to do what was best for SA. attd that's why
they voted the way they did."

“this jolt needs to he done rigltt. lrtterrtal Affairs does
not have confidence itt ’l‘hotttas littsby.’ Shapiro added.

Ittterttul Affairs (‘otrtmittee's dissati 'tion with littshy
centers around a failure to ltavc the elections commission
approved before SA's October clectiotts. a tttisplaced
votittg bootlt on Alttttttti quad. and charges that littsby did
not cltoosc the order of candidates on the ballot itt tltc re~
truitcd random fashion.

The Alttttttti elections were reschcdttlcd arid held two
weeks ago.

According to Busby lte rattdorttly selected natttes frotn an
alphabetical listing of the candidates which ltad been
printed itt the ASP. He said that Shapiro objected to such a
listittg. because his "name was dettd last.“

linsby cotttended that two ntetttbers of the ltttcrnal Af-
fairs cottttnittee. Shapiro rtnd Off-Campus Representative
l,attri Cole. complained to him about ltow they were listed
on the ballot. Cole denied that she made such a complaint.

In their memorandum ‘allirtg for littsby's resignation.

  

Internal Affair's criticized “Busby's attitude" as being a
"major problem." Shapiro explained. “He took com-
plaints from people who ran in the election with a grain of
salt."

Internal Affairs Committee Co-Chair Maureen Ryan
said. “I don't see this as a problem of attitude. but as a
matter of diplomacy." She said that Busby's reply to
Shapiro's complaint should have been more diplomatic.

The final complaint against Busby made by Internal Af-
fairs was that ltc didn't fully train the members of the Elec-
tion Commission. This “left the elections open to many
potential problems." the memorandum stated.

SA Vice President Jeff Schneider admitted that the Elec-
tion Commission was not selected until shoitly before the
election. Consequently the members of the Election Com-
mission did not receive as muelt training as he lrad ltopcd
for. lte said.

Tire issue of littsby's recall was hotly debated within
Council.

Alurrtrti Quad represcrttative Nathaniel Charney. who
won his position on Council lit the do-ovur election on
Altttrttti. after losing to his opponent Steve Sinatra iii the
first election which was ittvalidatcd. said. “Iiy recalling Ititrt
(Busby) a precedent should be set that elections are dotte
rigitt. To drag people out to vote twice when they don't
want to vote irt the first place is ridiculous."

()ff-(‘atttptts Representative Mitch I-‘cig said. l‘l don't
think changing the Elections ('otttntissioner will change the
way elections are rttn."

SA ('ontroiler Adam liarsky said. "Atty mistake lte
rttade was not done maliciously. We're placing all the blame
on his shoulders. Maybe we cart be more patient."

"Two of the members of ltttcrttttl Affairs who are crtllittg
for his resignation were running on Alumni Quad. [see it as
a personality conﬂict," said Council member Andrew
Turgovnick.

In other Council business. a bill to establish a referen-
duttt allowing the imposition of a student activities fee on
graduate and part-time students was withdrawn.

Ryan, cltair of the committee on graduate and part-time
fees said. "We had a problem getting approval frotn Presi-

 

 

 

ED MARUSSICM ups
SA President Rich Schalier
University is reviewing graduate fee.

 

dent ()‘l eaty." According to llttrsky. “ i‘lte adtninstration

is lit) pt‘ - nl itt favor ofthe fee. They think it will increase
the attractiveness of the school."

l'hc problem. said SA President Rich Seltalfer. is that
"the fee is being rttslted. Vice presidents don't like to rush
things." He said that graduate students wattted more input.
"so that the undergraduates won't take the money and
run."

According to Council Chair liob lleibock. “The ad-
ministration suggested that we go to the graduate students
itt a direct ttutrtner. Instead of rushing into it. they sug-
gested that we wait until the April elections to give everyone

l13>

 

 

Telethon

left off." he said. “We're working
on a project to ntake cotttrttttrtity
based recreational services more ae-
ccssible" for learning disabled
childten itt Albany.

'l‘elcthon ‘83 grossed over
$35,000. According to Zittttttet'man
who said they wartt to raise evcrt
more this year with Telethon '84. to
fttrtlter ’I’elcthon's efforts to ltelp
local organizations.

Telethon is not funded by Sttt-
dcnl Association. although they are
recognized by SA. explained Kill].
lrt order to keep 'I'clethott rttrtttittg.
the organizers rttttst sponsor many
events caclt year. she said.

This year. 'l‘elctlton has spott-
sored donut stiles, tltc Stride for
Strohs rttttttittg marathon. l-lallo-
weett candy-grams, a racquetball
tournament. attd a spoof on Satur-
day Night Live called “Weekend
Live". said Katz.

'I'ha atttrttttl Dance Marathon will
occur November 18 attd I9. and will
feature music by Fantasies, a video
tech show. “It will be sponsored by
University Concert Iloard as well as
Telethon," said Zitttttterman.

Neil Brown. Dealt of Students.
will also be featured irt a jazz. band
perforntartce during the marathon.
according to Zimmerman. “We
wanted to generate tttore faculty in-
volvement" in this Telethon. she
said.

Telethon is sponsoring a retur—
nable can drive. itt which the dorms
on each quad will corttpcte “to win
a party." Zimmerman explained.
“We also have plartrted an off cam-
pus can drive. which will pit house
against house. for December 4."
site said.

“We are also sponsoring a rtight
at Zenon's (a club in New York Ci—
ty) for over Thanksgiving break."
said Zimmerman.

Telethon began itt 1966. attd
“there has been one every year
since." said Zimmerman.

According to Lake. “the fact
that they're involved with 'l‘elethon
all year through. tltc events that
take place means so rttttclt to ill
kids we help." ill

 

  
  

  

        

l. rdfn’
anti.

  

uitlr the coo
hurl torttw’fr

     

war stir:i
r Rr-ul (‘

 

‘.. . W; .. ”
Wheii'thc beat gets hot, (lulnrt

' lt’
taste ofSeagrnnt 5

ance

(

0198] SUGMM DlSIlLlEilS CO. N V. N V AMERICAN WitIStstH fittND lit) PROOI
“Sevenilp” and "ll?" are trademarks at the Severtllp Comurrw

t' o/Sﬂab’ru'" 5 7

enjoyed irt ruotleratt

even & Seven

Sengmm‘s

l? ltalsottti . U V, “
Zfirjul partners for dartu. [wir

&

'orr—— the pL'

 

 

 

 

 

 

.e...

 

 

