 

 

  

 

 

\

 

 " 521LB'ANY STUDENT PRESS DVDECEMBER also:

  
 
 

Radar caused crash
Madrid. Spain

(AP)' Union and airline ofﬁcials on Thursday
cited pack of ground radarand multicolor
warning lights as major factors.in the fiery
collision of two jettiners at Madrid airport
that left more than 90 dead. ' ‘

All 42 people aboard'an Aviaco DC-9 were
killed and 50 more aboard an lberia Air Lines
Boeing 727 perished in the collision at the
fog-bound airport Wednesday. A 93rd per-
son. a stewardess. was missing and presumed
dead. ‘

Arms talks and

, Geneva, Switzerland
(AP) The Soviet Union recessed its nuclear
strategic-arms talks with the United States on
Thursday without setting a date for resump-
tion.

U.S. ofﬁcials predicted the Soviets would

return to the bargaining table. But qucow's
move threatened to leave the superpowers
with no major forum for negotiating cut-
backs in nuclear missiles.
‘ In Washington. President Reagan, while
sounding optimistic about an eventual
resumption of the talks, signaled that he may
be ready for a summit meeting with Soviet
leader Yuri V. Andropov.

The Soviets, in announcing suspension of
the negotiations, said deployment of new
U.S. medium-range missiles in Europe had
created a "change in the overall strategic
situation." forcing it to rc-examine the issues
in START — the strategic arms reductions
talks.

NATIONWIDE '

'"‘i‘.‘iiié'-“L‘ing deathly Ill

Washinton, D. C.
(AP) The National Zoo borrowed a kidney
dialysis machine from Children's Hospital
and consulted with top medical specialists
around the nation on Thursday in desperate
hopes of saving Ling-Ling, America's only
female giant panda.
Veterinarians awaited the results of blood

tests to determine Ling-Ling’s response to .

antibiotic therapy before making a decision
on whether to try dialysis. And though her
chances of recovery from kidney failure and
severe anemia remained “very poor." accor-
ding to zoo spokesman Michael Morgan, she
seemed to be “feeling better."

Morgan said the veterinarians consulted

with kidney specialists from some of the na- .

lion's most prestigious research institutions
— including the National institutes of
Health. Johns Hopkins Hospital and
Children’s Hospital National Medical
Center.

CP victim won ’t starve

Riverside, Ca.
(AP) A psychiatrist reafﬁrmed his vow
Thursday to force-feed a cerebral palsy vic-
tim rather than let her starve herself to death.
even if it meant he was breaking a law.

Elizabeth Bouvia is being treated. said he was
convinced the 26-year-old woman eventually
will change her mind.

L'HdWever. he also said he did not ’know
. how long he would continue to wait for her
to have a change of heart.

Mrs. Bouvia, a quadriplegic with virtually
no motor functions. has said she no longer
wants to live a life of dependency on others. a
'llfe which promises her only further pain,
and wants to be allowed to starve herself to
teeth.

Freeze action advised

Madison, Wn.
(AP) Gov. Anthony S. Earl says civil disobe-
dience and mass demonstrations may well be
required for the nuclear weapons freeze
movement to succeed in influencing govern-
ment policy.

"it apparently is going to take something
more than we have done to date." Earl said,
“and perhaps it’s going to have to take on
the dimensions of what did happen in civil
rights in the l960s, and what did happen in
the Vietnam war. What’s happened to date
does not seem to have galvanized enough
support from those we elect."

Earl said “mass demonstrations of the
kind we're seeing in Europe and perhaps even
a carefully thought-out campaign of civil
disobedience —- these have been models of
political action which carried the great moral
issues of the 20th century and can work
again."

But he told reporters later that he was not
advising students to take to the streets “and
start raising hell."

Nuke winter studied

Wushinlorr, D. C.
(AP) A computer-assisted Soviet study, vir-
tually matching assessments by U.S. scien-
tists, shows that any survivors of a nuclear
war would face a “long nuclear winter”
threatening their extinction, a Soviet scientist
said Thursday.

"A nuclear war of any scope would mean
either the disappearance of mankind or its
degradation to a level below the prehistoric
one," said Vladimir V. Alexandrov, head of
a climate-modeling laboratory at the Soviet
Academy of Sciences Computing Center.

The research ﬁndings presented by Alexan-
drov at a Capitol Hill symposium paralleled
recent forecasts by U.S. scientists about
worldwide catastro hic weather chan es like-

 

ly to result from a large-scale nuclear ex-
' chan e.

I insopenlng the session, Sen. EdwarduM.
Kennedy, D-Mass.. contended that the
‘- evidence now points overwhelmingly to this
' stark truth: a third world war would be the
last world war — for it would be a war
' against the world itself."

“The inescapable truth is that the ﬁring of
even a fraction of the Soviet and American
arsenals would turn the northern hemisphere
into a cold desert and the whole earth into a
dying planet," he said.

Reagan sees return

Washlnlon, D.C.
(AP) President Reagan said Thursday he is
"very hopeful" that the Soviet Union will

talks which just ended in Geneva. and raised
— if just slightly - the prospect of his first
summit with the Kremlin. Reagan said the
Soviet refusal to set a date for resuming the
bargaining after Thursday's scheduled recess
did not amount to a walkout. The Soviet
negotiators, he noted, “simply said that they
were not prepared at this time to set a date
for resumption of meetings."

Reagan said he would like Secretary of

Foreign Minister Andrei Gromyko in
Stockholm at a disarmament conference next
month, and indicated that such a session

President Yuri Andropov.
Shultz said Wednesday he is “more than

the Soviet Union shot down a South Korean
airliner on Sept. 1. Reagan and other ad-
ministration ofﬁcials have said repeatedly
that the United States would not be willing to
participate in summit talks unless there had
been proper preparations for such discussion
and there was a likelihood they would have a
successful outcome.

TATEWIDE

   

omen reinstated

New York City
(AP) Two prominent female ﬁreﬁghters ﬁred
by New York City were victims of discrimina-

 

 

return early next year to the strategic arms.

State George P. Shultz to meet Soviet.

could pave the way for him to visit Soviet .

ready" to meet with Gromyko, resuming the .
ﬁrst cabinet-level contact since shortly after.

 

 

tion and entitled to reinstatement with back
pay. an angry federal judge ruled Thursday
The ruling by U.S. District Judge Charles
P. Sifton was a victory for Brenda gerkmm
_ whose original lawsuit forced the city ,0
accept female ﬁreﬁghters — and Zaida can,
zalez, who was the subject of a mummy:
cover story. Both were ﬁred in septumber
after their probationary year on the job_

Sifton said he found “exlrautdinary
evidence of , intentional discrimination"
against the pair and added "I cntcrtaln no
serious doubts concerning Berkman's
ultimate ability to perform as a ﬁrefighter
and what uncertainties exist concerning con:
zales exist entirely because of defendants'
failure to develop any reliable record concer.
ning her work."

During several weeks of hearings in QC.
tober, both women said they were shunncd
and rejected by co-workcrs, subjected to
repeated sexual harassment, evaluated ar.
bitrarily and given little chance to improve
their skills.

' City ofﬁcials, including Fire Commis.
sioner Joseph Spinnato, said the two were
evaluated fairly and were rejected because
they lacked the strength and skill to control
heavy ﬁrefighting equipment.

Tax credits denied

New l’nrk Cily
(AP) State Sen. Franz Leichter said ’I‘Iiursdny
the Helmsley Hotcls' lawsuit to reverse a rul-
ing denying them millions of dollnis in tax
breaks smacked of “unmitigated greed" and
was “an attempt to pick the trixpiiycrs'
pockets.

The Manhattan Democrat said the still will
be heard Friday in Albany County Supreme
Court, Special Term, and that lie will ask for
permission to file a “friend of the court"
brief opposing tax credits for ihc four
Helmsley hotels.

Helmsley spokesman Howard Ruhcnstcin
said the Helmsley Hotels had given it great
tax advantage to the city through construc-
tion of the hotels and creation of jobs and
were “just seeking what they are entitled to
under the law."

Leichter said. “it is absolutely outrageous
that Harry and Leona Helmsley, one of the
richest couples in New York City. are trying
to get subisidies for the most expensive hotels
in the city."

 

  

Dr. Donald E. Fisher. chief of psychiatry
where

at Riverside General Hospital,

 

 

A Public Altalra Colloquium will be'
held Monday, Dec. 12, at 4:40 p.m.,
in Draper 21. Warren lichman, oi
Rockefeller College, will speak on
“Whither or Whether Public Policy
Analysis: The Fruits oi a Semestor's.
discussion". ‘

 

i

A Wheetchalr Hockey Game will bel
held Friday. Dec. 9, at 7 pm. in the
University Gym. University Action
for the Disabled will play the State'
Quad Ft.A.'e. Admission is 8.76 at‘
the door. ‘

 

PREVIEW OF EV NTS

  

The Outing Club will hold a semi-
iormai party, "Mistletoe Madness,"
Saturday, Dec. 10. at 8 p.m., In the
Campus Center Assembly Hall.
Tickets will cost $7.50, and will be
on sale at the door.

Jsc-Hlllal is sponsoring a brunch
on Sunday, Dec. 11, 11:30-12:30, in
the Physics Lounge. The topic to be
discussed is The Changing Role ol
Women In Judaism. Admission will
be $1 lot members, $1.60 for tax

. card holders, and $2 for others.

The Anthropology Department will
sponsor a seminar on Friday, Dec.
9. at 3:30 p.m. in Lecture Center 21.
Even S. Vogt. of Harvard University,
will speak on "American Sports as
Ritual Models".

Health Proloaalons Applicants for
1985 are Invited to attend a man-
datory meeting on Monday, Dec. 12,
at 4:15 pm. In Lecture Center 23.
Cemeteries are lot the Living will be
the topic of a lecture Wednesday,
Dec. 14. 12 p.m.-2 pm. in UL 3-14.
Barbara Rotunda oi the English
Department will speak.

The December Oraduate'a
Assembly will take place Sunday.
Dec. 11. at 1 pm. In the Campus
Center Ballroom. The event is open

to the graduating students, their
family and friends.

A Glenn Presidential Committee
seminar will be held Saturday, Dec.
10. at 7 pm. In the Draper Hall third
floor conletence room. Delegate
selection and affirmative action will
be discussed.

An Atmospheric Sciences Seminar
will be held Tuesday, Dec. 13. at
3:30 pm. In Earth Science Building,
room 232. Donald Perkey. oi Drexei.
will speak on "GALE".
Archaeology Field School will hold

an Interest meetlng Monday, Dec. .,

12, at 7 pm. In the Social Sciences
Building. room 132. Those wishing
to partlclpate in the summer 1984
tleld school are Invited to attend.

German Club will hold a Christmas
Party Friday, Dec. 9, 8-10 pm. tnthe
Humanities Building, room 354.
Tickets will cost $1.50 tor members.
$2 for tax card holders. and $2.50
tor others.

The Physics Department is sponsor-
Ing a colloquium on Friday. Dee. 9.
at 3 p.m., In the Physics Building.
room 129. Don Wollord of IBM will
speak on "Electronic Structure of
Luminescent Amorphous Silicon
Hydrates".

Wellington Association Will hold 3
Pro-Finals Bash on Friday. 99“ 'h
p.m.-2 am. in St. Poler's Gill”c
auditorium on state Street. hotel;l
are $2 for tax card holders. and‘

 

 

 

 

for others.

 

J

DECEMBER mm D ALBANY STUDENT raises 3

f‘G‘reyhoUnd-Strik'e goes on; preposal revievved

a!

Greyhound workers share the

 

 

. w v-
ED MARUSSICH UPS

ol the picket line

Union members across the nation will vote soon on new proposal.

State human rights aide blasts Reagan policies

 

By Caryn Miske

STAFF WRITER

 

New York State Human Rights Commis-
sioner Carl McCall presented statistics
Wednesday that pointed out the growing in-
difference about human rights as a part of
the shifting priorities in thc Reagan ad-
ministration.

He claimcd that the administration has
destroyed priorities. "The defense budget
magnifies uncmployment and poverty
because it usurps funds,” he noted. “Food
stamps. Medicaid. day care and many other
social programs have been greatly cut
because Reagan said he only wanted to spend
tax dollars on ‘legitimatc’ priorities." he add-
ed. "Arcn’t social programs a legitimate
priority?" he asked.

McCall stated that in l809 Thomas Jef-
ferson said, “The care of human life and
happiness is the first priority of
government." McCall agreed on this point,
stating that we must define human rights
more broadly, not curtail them. McCall said
that, “everyone is entitled to a fair chance in
life and human dignity." in some instances
we willfully reject these basic human rights.
He pointed out that the administration backs
El Salvador, but denies aid to Haitians.

McCall quotcd Lyndon Johnson. saying
that when Johnson spoke at Howard Univer-
sity after his election. he said. “it is not
enough for the gates of opportunity to be
open. People must be free to pass through
these gates." The main thrust of McCall‘s
speech revolved around this quote.

Beginning with LBJ, the black poverty
level dropped from a 49 percent poverty level
to :i 30.6, he said. Also. during this period.
the l'ililO of black college enrollment doubled
than of white enrollment, he added. Whar-
tori. tlic University of Pennsylvania's
prcsligious business school reported that its
33 black graduates earned $700 more than
their Wlllit.‘ counterparts, McCall noted. "At
this time it was a priority to work for equal
opportunities, not only for blacks. but for all
minorities," McCall commented.

Since the time of LBJ three presidents have
come and gone. he explained. During this

time the opportunities for the black com-
munity have not increased but decreased. ac-
cording to the Commissioner. “Things have
not merely returned to the way they were
twenty years ago. things have worsened," he
said.

At present the overall poverty level is at l5
percent, McCall noted, the highest it’s been
in 17 years. However, the black poverty level
has reached 35.6 percent. three times that of
whites. he explained. The poverty level is
almost comparable to that of the depression
in the 19305, McCall noted. For instance, he
recalled, in Washington. the hunger panei
stated that in 1979 there were 90 emergency
food reports in East Harlem. However, in
l982 this figure had climbed to 2.330. he
noted.

Unemployment is a problem for many peo-
ple throughout the country, but blacks are hit
especially hard, said the Commissioner. The
unemployment rate for blacks is double that
of whites. Although overall unemployment
dropped to 8.2 percent this year, 17.3 percent
of blacks are unemployed. The teenage black
unemployment rate is even worse at 50 per-
cent, McCail said. After 22 years, the
employment level for black males is down to
20 percent, according to McCall.

Blacks no longer reap the rewards a college
education should yield. he said. On the
average. the black college graduate has an in-
come level equal to that of a white high
school graduate. McCall added. in black
households. the husband and wife must both
work to merely equal the income of a white
household where only the male is employed,
he noted. “This income gap is not related to
the level of education. it is due to opportuni-
ty. The gates of opportunity which LBJ
opened are trying to be locked shut by Presi-
dent Rcagan." stated McCall.

McCall explained that the quality ofurban
education has dropped substantially; 47 per-
cent of black youths are illiterate,the urban
high school drop out rate is 50 percent for
whites, 72 percent for blacks and 80 percent
for hispanics. However, the blacks and
hispanics make up three-fourths of the urban
high school population. he explained.

The family structure within the black com-

 

By Bob Gardlnler '

Five warmly bundled Amalgamated Tran-
sit Union strikers braved the cold yesterday
morning atyAl'bany’saGiﬁeyhound bus station
while negotiations, over their new contract
were still at a ioggerhead. Signs are. though,
that some union members, and leaders may
acquiesce to the company's latest offers.

The ﬁve-week long strike has nearly shut
down the nation’s largest intercity bus line,
with only 10 percent of its buses running. and
has resulted in violence across the country.
The turmoil began when the company resum-
ed partial service. as one-half fare, November
l7 and crossed picket lines with buses.

This most recent agreement. was “arrived
at through collective bargaining between
Greyhound and the union,” said Tom Hart,
Albany union representative.

But at a meeting in Albany Wednesday
night “Thirty-one local presidents recom-
mended that this contract be approved by all
union members," said Hart. Hart added that
he feels the union should approve the latest
agreement.

Union members across the nation will vote
on the latest proposal by mail ballots to be
sent out from Phoenix, Arizona and returned
there by the strikers. according to Hart. The
results of the vote will be known on or about
December l9. he said.

"We were told that this was their third and
final offer," said Bob Ames, an Albany resi-
dent and driver for four years, “but they said
the second one was final also. There are only
minor changes in this last proposal making it
insigniﬁcant over the previous offer," added
Ames.

Concerning the differences between the re-
cent offcr and the previous ones, Ames
would only say that the wording of the con-
tract was “siightly altered."

The latest offer calls for a 7.8 percent pay
cut, a four percent wage contribution to a

 

munity has also changed a great deal. McCall
noted. 4i percent of black households are
run solely by women as compared to 12 per-
cent for the white population. For these
families, 50 percent are at the poverty level,
he said. A black child is three times as likely
to be poor than a while one, he added.
McCall showed that these statistics point
out the growing indifference about human
rights and a shift in priorities. Reagan’s
defense budget proposes to spend $l.9
trillion in five years, he added. This is $30
million an hour, according to McCall.

pension fund, an increase in premiums for
health and welfare beneﬁts and other
“givebacks.” totaling about l4 percent, ac-
cording to Ames. it was .the initial proposal
of ajwage put by the companyzthatstarted the
strike over armonth ago. i i : : v v i": I

“My feeling on the outcome of the vote is
that it will be about 50-50. it could go either

way this time," said Dan Gaiiucci from,

Albany. a ticket agent with Greyhound for 31
years. Asked why he believed this he com-
mented, “We talked amongst ourselves and
this seems to be the overall feeling of the
strikers now." he added that the strike is
much more relaxed presently, with less peo-
ple plcketing and minimal confrontations
bewteen strikers and departing buses.
SUNYA Student Association (SA). in an
attempt to boycott the bus lines. suspended
the sale of Greyhound tickets at the Campus

Center. “We will resume selling tickets after i

the strike is over." said SA President Rich
Schaffer.

The decision to stop ticket sales was made
by the immediate staff and executive branch
of the council according to Schaffer. The ac-
tion was initiated for two reasons, he said,
“A Safety factor because of concern over
students riding on the buses with inexperienc-
ed drivers and, Greyhound in trying to bust
up a union. Students are the future workers
of America and as such will be joining
unions," he said.

Commenting on the action of SA, Hart
said. “We are particualarly. happy that they
endorsed us with this boycott. There is very
little that the union can do legally and this
sort of action is the only thing that could be
effective."

“i love the cooperation.“ (from SA) said
Gallucci. “i think that it is great that
someone up there must think that"'this will
help them in the future. These companies will
just make . the standards 'of the union
lowered." he added. Ll

However. McCall has great hope for the
future. “The Reagan administration has
awakened the black population as to what
can happen if they don't vote. The black
community is beginning to organize. This is
evtuent from the election of black ofﬁcials all
over the country." he said.

The speech was sponsored by the Presiden-
tial lecturcship scrics. Commissioner McCall
has had a long and distinguished professional
career as a diplomat, public servant. com-
munications executive and ordained
minister. El

 

Young Democrats are optimistic
about planned spring activities

 

B Debbie Jud e

y
CONTRIBU TING EDIT R

 

Beginning next semester the Albany State Young College Democrats will be offering
students Alan Cranston, political involvement. and an alternative.

The newly-formed group elected of ﬁcers in a meeting Wednesday night, including
Patty Salkin, a junior and Committeeperson for the Town of Guildcrland's 22nd

 

district. as president. The 22nd District represents lndian Quad and the portion of
Dutch that falls in the Guilderland township.

Other ofﬁcers elected Wednesday include Sean O'Brien as vice president in charge of
downtown and off-campus affairs. Andrew Gelbman as uptown vice president, Mark
Perlstein as treasurer, and Beth Wade as secretary.

Salkin had been formulating the group. which held its first meeting Novmcber 9.
since last Spring. But, “I didn’t want to meet until i had something to show," Salkin
said. The group has attracted 25 to 30 members so far. she said.

Both Salkin and O’Brien felt students were “more receptive now that primaries are
coming up" than they would have been earlier.

Voter registration is one of the College Democrats' immediate priortlcs — primarily
that of registering new Democrats by February 3. in time to vote in the primaries.

The Democratic party of Albany County and city government has been extremely
supportive of the new group, and has provided seed money to finance the group's
organization, said O’Brien. Neither he nor Salkin would say how much money was
granted.

“The ‘big, bad machine’ has been very supportive," O'Brien said. "if you're willing
to work with the organization you get things done," he said. despite the attitude that
students and local government are by nature adversarial. “The attitude of ‘us against
the machine' — it’s more of a myth.” O’Brien said.

Present at a meeting last night was Anna Mclnte, coordinator of presidential can-
didate Walter Mondale's Albany ofﬁce. who discussed the possibility of SUNYA
students workini‘with Mondale's campaign for the February New Hampshire primary.

11>

 

 

 

 

