9-1-... .._..,........

 

'xv‘m 1.) s. l .

 

 

 

sandman” El A

Pit'ii‘z‘i, ibis" ""

              
   
  
 

   

     
 

* "  gazes»

  

sovrar JEWS
are yottr concern also...

Come hear Danny Gordis speak on his mission to
the Soviet Union.

Come to LC 22 at 7:30pm, Monday Night, April 25th

and hear him speak on the plight of the Soviet Jews.

  
      
       
    
    
    
   
   

For More Info CallJSC-Hillel 7-7508

PRICE: JSC-Hiliel Members 75¢
Tax Card Holders $1.00
All Others $1.50

Sponsored by JSC-H/l/el’s World Jewry Committee
SA Funded

 

 

a

WOMEN’S CAREER
SEMINAR

A Program Designed for Graduating Women Seniors

FEATURING: First Job Skills, Insights, and Survival
Tips

BE BETTER PREPARED FOR LIFE AFTER‘ SUi‘iYA
Tuesday, May 3rd 7:00pm
Campus Center Assembly Hall

Sponsored by the Women's Concerns Committee oi
the University Commission for AffirmatIVe Action

 

 

 

govt" "Ht...

 Tl-IE MouseTnAp "

‘/

1’ /v p1.) be;

{:21  _
Wine and Cheese ‘Place
feature” chi-Is Sommer

accompanied by charles Sauhs’
' mm m. .. u A u u. . -
O) ...:;..Iran:tittzfiitzizrzflz"" 
J
April In a 13 , ,
C) O CAMPus CENITER PATROON ROOM 
, n no!
. . I FRIDAY AND SATURDAY - '
rm I Q 9PM. To i AM. 0)

UNIVKWTVAUXIUMIVSERVICIS . [A

 

 

  

 

5.” 9| 1W

‘Roch n’ Roll Robin Hood’ Week

Monday April 25
to
Friday April 29

  
 

Keep your dialing fingers nimble-
We’il be giving away records all Week long
from: The English Beat
Madness
The Jam

and other:
The Bangles are Coming

 

 

.. ' r ' \

 

 

 

SOPHOHORES
and even

Before it’s too late!
Order your 1983
Torch Yearbook.

Only $7.
CC Lobby 4/ 25-4/ 29

SA Funded

TONIGHT

6 PARTIES . 1 ADMISSION
AT
INDIAN QUAD BOARD’S

 

DORM PARTY
NIGHT

$1.50 w-tax card and
$2.00 w-out tax card

0&0: 50's - ROCKABILLY PARTY
ADIRUGA: BEACH PARTY
SKINROOM: LAS VEGAS NlTE
U-LOUNGE: SPECIAL EFFECTS PARTY
MONTAUK: PIZZA & BEER PARTY
MAHICAN: CARNIVAL

j

FESTIVITIES BEGIN AT 8PM TIL?

 

"OCOIOOOOOOOOO 00......OOOOOGOOOCOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 00......OOOOOOOCOOOOOOOOOOODO‘
$0.00....OOOOOOOOO00......00.000.00.000...OIOOOOOOOOOOOOOO00...... 0......“0‘

COO...OOOIOOOOCOCOCODCOCOIOOOOOOOOOOOO0.0.0.0.;

SA Funded

 

 

 

Proposals would consolidate aid

 

By Aileen Brown

 

Albany students as well as students nationwide can
appreciate the fact that changes in the federal student
financial assistance programs can have a signiﬁcant ef-
fect on their financial aid resources. The proposed
changes by the Reagan administration in the I984 stu-
dent aid programs would consolidate six financial aid
programs into one loan program, one work study pro-
gram and one grant program.

in a campus newsletter released by the Federal
Department of Education. Assistant Secretary for
Post-Secondary Education Edward M. Elmendorf in-
dicated the proposed changes in the federal aid pro-
grams. To facilitate consolidation of all the student aid
programs. the federal government is discontinuing ap-
propriations for three of the six programs.

The first program to be affected is the State Student
incentive Grant (SSIG) Program. This program was
established in 1972 to provide states with an incentive
to establish their own grants and scholarships. As
Elmcndorf states, "these state programs awarded
over one billion dollars last year. Titus, ai‘tcr eleven
years the incentive provided by the SSiG program has

" war

 

 

Students tiling forms at F' ' ' Aids Olilce.
A greater burden will be placed on the student.
successfully generated more dollars than the fcdcrtu
government could possibly have hoped." This pro-
gram is being entirely phased out in the proposed 1984
budget, decreasing by 120 million dollars the amount
available to students from this program alone.

The second program targeted for climitnttion in l9tl4
is the Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grunt
(SEOG) Program. This program was designed to sup-
picmcnt the Pell Grant program. The federal govern-
ment believes, say lilmcndorf, that “the problem with
SEOG is that it is not targeted to ltclp those students
who really nccd federal assistance." Fundamentally.
however, the program will reduce by SSIX) the amount
of money the needicst student could borrow. Charles
Trcadwcll, a Program Research Specialist for the New
York State Department of Education illustrated this
fact, “Previously. with the combination of the Full
Grunt, with a maximum grant of $2000. and SEOG,
with a maximum grant of $1800, thc nccdicst student
could receive up to $3800. Willi the Pcll Grant Self—
Help Program replacing SEOG. the maximum amount
for the Pcll Grant is raised to $3000, bttt this still
means the nccdicst studcnlys willch $800 less that they
previously could obtain. This puts a greater burden
on the student to either take ottt a loan or drop out of

    

APRIL 22, [985 Ct ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 7

school."

However. Duncan Helmrelch. a Public information
Ofﬁcer for the Federal Department of Education com-
mented that‘although the consolidation of the Pell
Grant and SE00 will result in a net loss for the needy
students, an increase in the allocations for the College
Work Study program will enable them to get more
money through Work Study programs." However,
Donald Whitlock. director of the SUNYA financial
aid ofﬁce commented that his office was “opposed to
the proposed l984 Self-Help program which call for
the elimination of SEOG and the NDSL programs.
This eliminated the financial aid ofﬁce's ability to
target money for students with extreme need."

The final program proposed to be discontinued by
the federal government in l984 is the National Direct'
Student Loan (NDSL) Program. in the 25 years since
it was established, the NDSL program has received ap-
proximately l2 billion dollars in revolving funds for
schools to give out as stttdcnt loans. it will be replace
fundamentally by the Guaranteed Strident Loan (GSL)
Program, however, that program has also been
restricted. Last year. a needs test was instituted by the
administration so that all families with incomes over

-
LOIB MATTABONI UPS

$30,000 must prove genuine Itccd before they are given
a GSL loan. III New York state alone last year.
Tcadwcil stated. this "led to it 13 percent loss in NY
state due to the disqualification of students and also
due to confusion about the law which led to some
students not applying for aid.” For 1984. the govern-
ment is proposing that the needs test be extended to
families of all incomes. This, says 'i‘rcttdwcll. means
that "they are going after the families with incomes
tntdcr $30,000. This can only lead to the disqualifica-
tion of more students and a greater loss of funds for
NY state." This proposal, said Treadwcll will mean an
estimated loss of SIS million dollars to NY, affecting
approximately 70,0(X) students.

Whitlock cottitncttlcd that the elimination of thc
NDSL program was a real catastrophe. "The elimina-
tion of the NDSI. program will seriously jeopardize
middle class students. Tltcy will be caught in a web of
being just over the limit for the GSL program, and yet
will still haVc significant need. They will be forced to
obtain either loans at cxorbiant interest rates. We are
also udatnandtiy opposed to the idea that the GSL go
to a full spectrum Itccds test." ‘I l

Feds stop buck at student paper

llv Duvitl Miclinclson
‘ \I ll] Illt'llllt‘

A “.5. Sccrct HcIvicc Itgcnt visited the SUNY—
()swcgo ctunpus following the oil ing of II stndcnt radio
pIogIIun which questioned whether the campus paper
vioiutcd n federal law, The issue conccrncd an article
which used paper Inoucy us it background.

in thc April 7 edition of The ()chgtt/Iiun. ti collage
of one dollttr, l'ivc dollar, and thI dollar bills served as
the background for u Icpoit on the new SUNY budch
and tuition incrcttscs. I .

.loltn Slcmpcn :I IncInbcr of \V()(‘R AM's public til~
fairs progrtun. "Midday Margarine.” ctIllcd tltc Scci‘cl
Scrvicc inquiring if the graphic vtolutcd ctiIIIIth'chtIIIg
lttws. ilc taped the conversation illltl ltItcr pltchd ti on
tltc lilt‘. The graphic did lit

It violate any laws, but It

Sccrct Service agent from Syracuse IdI'oppcdlby the

newspaper and left It copy of the ot lthtIl gtudcltncs tor
reproducing currcncy. H

The Wire Sctviccs wct‘c also cttllcdby stall Incntbcrs

of the radio program, and the incident mudc lront

page news in the local papers, according to The
()xivcgnttittn liditor-in-(‘hicf Mclunic .lnnowsky.

“it was all tttkctt very lightly," .Itutowsky said, “lint
the lack of intcgiiiy of Ihcsc guys makes journalism
look bad.“ She said the program producers 'l'im
llorttn and Rob littin frequently scusniionttli/cd tltc
ncws.

Wt)('l{ (iciicltll Manatth .|. Mychtil lit'ilto Inn.
:unccllcd thc pIogIIun. which won three UPI
“onc~up" :Iwzutls including first pittcc in documentary
Icporting.

’l‘ltc l’oI'ty-ycnr-old liI'iIto, who is gtttdnttling this
year, said, “'iltc higch factor (in his decision to

cancel tltc show) was Inoncy: it was very expensive to l

produce. The stuff of “Midday Magazine" run up It
phone bill ottc month of $500. he said, adding that th'
station's annual budget is $1700. The calls to thc Sccrct
Service and the Wire Services. liritlt) cinimcd. "were
the struws that broke the ctltncl‘s back."

“They are extremely talented pcoplc.‘I he added.
"lint l have to protch the image ot the station—we
Itccd n cooling off period." I I

"'lVIe‘dtcaI school Openi

Immoetm Openings Available in Foreign Medical Sehod.
' Full Accrodl '

y ted.
ALso AVAILABLE FOR DENTAL a VETEmuAaY sonnet.

I LOANS AVAILABLE - INTERVIEWS BEGINNING lMMEDIATELY
For further details and/or appointment call/-

Dr. Manley (7 1 Bl832-0783

 
   
  

 

 

5 m/nute walk from SUNY Bus
Route. ls! stop on Wash.
Ave.(Clermont) Cross street to
Colvln. Walk down Colvln Io
Westgnle.

10 0/0
student
discount

RlUl‘llTE 750 ml
only $2.25
reg. $5.25

Westgate Wine 8: Liquor
‘Ili Conttal Ava
Albany N Y
4H2 doll

 

 

Lowest Diquor Prices in the State

 

 

 

 

 

     
 

 

This iact-ltlled guide ls loaded with practical. money-makan
Ideas you can start using today.

Gives complete details on easy-to-start. part-time bust-
nesses that college students can tun successlully, Any one
could be 'ust tight lot you!

Tells low to not started. what Inatotlals you need. now to
get customers, and mom. A must it you want to be your own
boss. schedule work to lit two little. earn money without
IIIterieung Willi studtes.

Covers unusual goods and services lus ingenious new
ways to IIIolII Itom spacial abtlttlos. 18 pages. so x 8'5”
quality soitcovot
----------- --IIAitilli8 Italian coupon mm --—-——--—---—|
lllE lilVillSlillE PRESS, PO Box 133, lltvotstda. Colin 0667i! Di 1 I
VESI l’loaso sand trill-1m Milo Erin leery ll MB“: [1 One ior only‘%as lus St on postage and I

wt

 

Ia lino on you outer two or motel iwo lot only 3 us It 20 stage and I
liantillng iii ituee lot only $2175 plus 3140 postage and "month? Melt ot oney Otdat I
enclosed (No cash. please) In Conn add 75% sales tan Hill!" “AIM!!! on your lull |
database once loss postage and handling 0n mom allot May I. plan" use wmanent more" I
i

NilinB . '.  _.. .. D E... , ._..,, l
Inim- man I

Address . ._. .. ,_, . .,  .|
City A 7 - wStaIc— «w _.—_7th__ .ﬂd._ :

 

 

 

 Ross lintversny
Schools of Medlclne
and Veterlnary Med/cine

Now accepting applications for study leading to
degree In both Medicine and Veterinary Medicine.
Courses taught in English. Programs under guidance
ol American Dean utilizing American curriculum.
Transfer students accepted. Semestars begin July
and November 1988. We are an accredited school
and listed in WHO. and allilialod with U.S. hospitals
lor clinical rotation. Direct Inquires to:

Ross University
Portsmouth. Dominica, W.I. Attention: Mr. Butler
or Caribbean Admissions, Inc.

16 West 32 Street, New York, N.Y.10001

 

 

 

 

 

' EXPERIENCE
TOMMY LEE’S

i-‘Fliiii'l‘tldli .

_
lGSZ WESTERN AVE.
I“) -95 IS

OFFERS FOR YOUR
DINING PLEASURE
FREE TRANSPORTATION from
SUNY to J udc Fountain & return ;
Friday 6PM—9PM Tele. No. 869-9585
Saturday o'PM-9PM
Please call ahead. 8699586.

Our specialty: Szaehucn, Hanan,
and Cantonese. Polynesian drink
available. J not 1 imlle west of
Stuyvesant Plaza.

10 percentSlHV Y discount with currentLD I

Take out not included.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

