 

 

 

 

 

 

APRIL 19. I983

 

 

Softball team rips Union for fourth straight win

 

ily Mark Levine
.-IS.\()t‘I4lII: Sl’tiNIY I'll/TOR
Wlten a softball tcatn has jttst won its
fottrtlr game itt a row and is just beginning to
find its groove. tlte last tltirtg it wants is to

have a doubleheader raitted otrt. Strclt was'

tltc case for tire Albttny State women's soft-
ball teatn on Saturday. tts they'watched tltc
irrclernettt weather wash ottt tlteir scheduled
dottbleltcader against Price. The Dunes were
looking to extend their four game winning
streak as they gear for tltis weekend's Albany
Invitational. to beheld this Friday rtrrd Srrttrr-
day on University Field.

Albany‘s latest win came at tire expense of
Uttiou College last Ttrtrrsday at the Dut-
ehmen's home field in Schenectady. It was a
9-] Great Dane rottt. with Wendy Williartrs
providing the pitchittg iteroics and Carol
Walltrce and Tracy Kirk supplying the offen-
sive ptrrtclt.

Williams pitched the entire seven inttittgs.
surrendering just one rtrn on two ltits. She
also reeortled five strikeouts. and did trot
talk a batter.

Catclter Nancy llalioratr led off the game
with a walk attd stole second. and she scored
on Kirk's RBl grorrndottt. Wallace then
cracked a two-out solo homerurr. giving the
Danes an early 2-0 lead.

Albany scored twice more in the third.
Halloran again got the Danes going, leading
off with a single and stealing lter second base
of the game. After Chris (‘annata flied out to
right field and Kirk popped It) third. Wallace
ripped anIRBi triple and Stasia lieals follow-
ed with a run-scoring single. Kirk's RBI
single in the fifth made it 5-0. and the Danes
broke the game open lit the mm by scoring
forrr times.

All the runs' came with two men ortt.
Singles by Caryl Meyer anti Williams arid a
walk to Nancy Doyle loaded the bases.
l'lalloran singled for one run. Cannata walk-
ed t'or another. artd Kirk reached base on an
error for the fourth rtrn of the inning arid the
ninth Albany rnrt of the game.

 

ED MAausstcn ops '

First baseman Chris Cannata is batting .368 tor the 4-2 Albany State women's
soltbalt team. Albany laces RPI in a doubleheader today.

The Danes tipped their record to 4-2 by vir-
tue of the win. Head cortelt Lee Rhenish is
happy with her team's tttrnaround after
dropping their first two gatttes. but hopes her
teatn doesn't let up. as the State Playoffs are
just around the corner.

“We can't get complacent.” site said.
'This weekend is a rnttst weekend for tts
because we have to realize that we tnttst be
rettdy for the States. We've got to get seriotts

about what we should do. There are no
games left on our scltedule that we shouldn't
win."

Through the first six games there ltavc
been a ntrmber of key contributors to
Albany's strccess. Wallace. the eleattttp ltit-
ter. is hitting a blistering .476. Site also leads
the team with eigltt rtttts scored and seven
RBls. Leadoff batter Halloran is ltittirtg .389
and lter on—base percentage is a very solid

.560. She has scored seven runs and has ig-
nited several big innings. Williams is hitting
.417 in her 12 plate appearances. while Can-
nata is presently swinging at a .368 clip. Left
fielder and third place hitter Kirk is batting
.333 with six RBIs and fottr rttns scored.

Rhenish expressed sorrte concern about her
team’s lack of depth offensively.

“The ﬁrst fotrr hitters (l'lalloran. Cattnata.
Kirk and Wallace) have been carrying the
load for us. i wish we had sortie tnore deptlt
for the designated hitter. But i think some of
otrr lack of hitting is mental. We jtrst ltave to
have the desire to swing the bat and relax at
the plate."

Williams‘ pitching has also been a rrtajor
factor so fttr. as site has been sitnply over-
powering in most of her starts attd has done a
fine job in relief as well. The freshman sensa-
tion ltas pitched 31 innings. allowing only is
hits. l2 walks. and [6 runs. with six of tltcrn
being earned. She has 18 strikeouts and a
1.35 ERA. "She's been absoltttely great."
Ritenish noted.

Albany's other freshman pitcher. Andrea

Piccone. ltas shown marked itnprovetnerrt itt
the later innings of her two starts. in her it
innings, she has allowed it hi . l6 walks.
and six earned runs for a respectable 3.82
ERA. She ltas helped provide Albany with
sonte depth at a key position. and her suec ss
in the ensuing games could be an integral part
of Albany's stretch drive.
This afternoon Albany ltosts RPi irt a
- - ' ' ' g' ' "at 2:00 in their last
test before this weekend's big matchups.
Albany will open the invitational on Friday
at 3:30 against Binghamton. They will tltert
take on Stony Brook at 10:00 on Saturday.
followed by a 1:00 meeting with SUNY Buf-
falo. Coach Rhenish surntned up Albany's
feelings about the invitational. which is won
by the team witlt the best overall record iii the
three gatnes. with run differential used as a
tiebreaker.

“Last year we lost by one rtttt. and yott
better believe we're determined not to let that
happen again." 5

 

 

Netmen hang on for thrilling win at Middlebury

 

 

 

 

 

 

DAVE RIVERA UPB
Barry Levine auttered a three-eat defeat against Mtddlebury on Saturday. but the
men's tennis team came out on top in a thrilling moot.

 

 

 

lly Murc Bermatt
\I.-lll "It’ll/R

Wirett four attd a h f hours of hard fought
attd ttailbitirtg tcttttis ltad been completed itr
the roost lengthy meet for the Danes itt it)
years. the Albany State Men‘s tettrtis team
found themselves on top ottce again.
defeating Middlebttry College; 5-4. sttrvivirtg

the biggest scare ol' the . asott up to date.
The meet. played tlr. past Saturday at

 

.l'

 

~Middlebttry's irtdoor facility. extended the

Dane winttirrg record to 6— l.

A total of 240 gatttes were played in all.
with six out of the rtitte matches going three
sets.

"l'tti pleased we won. said coach liob
Lewis. “but i don't think it should've been
this closer We beat them 7-2 last spring and I
really feel that they (Middiebttry) aren't as
strung as last year."

First singles ilarry Levine and fifth singles
l.awrence liichen contitttted their sltttnp as
botlt players dropped tltcir third straight
match.

Levine was outclassed by l“tilll llackncy itt
three sets. 6-2. 2-6. 6-1.

“There's alot of pressttrc on Levine." said
Lewis. “The problem is that at first singles.
unless he is at his b"t all the titttc. it's tottglt
for him to win cotts early. because the cunt-
pctitiott is so fierce.

For Eichen it wrts a different story. “is 4-6.
6-3 l-6 loss to Dave Revclle infuriated Lewis.
“l-lc'sjust not playing intelligently. lle's los-
ittg to people that he's better titan. i-lis pltty
lttts got me perplexed."

On the other side of the spectrttm. number
six singles Dave Lerner continued his winning
ways. After a slow first set (4-6). Lerner eante

n

 
  

 

roaring back. sweeping the rtth two by
scores of ()-l. 6—2.

Dave Ulrich won his match at second
singles 6-3. 7-6. as did captain l-‘ted (tuber
(6-0. 6-7. 7-5).

Fourth sittglcs Rob Karen ltad no trouble
with Mitltliebut‘y's Attdy ('hena. 6-4. 6-3.

in the doubles slots. the Danes lost two ottt
of three. llttt it was the tltird dotrhlcs cotrt-
bittatiort of Ulrich attd freshman Dave
(it'osstttan. making his first start of the spr-
ing. who clinched the meet for the Danes.

With the matches at 4-3 irt Albany‘s favor.
Ulrich-(irossman were able to botrtrce back
from a second set letdown attd take the
tnatclt 7-6. 3-6. 6-3.

H ' 't tlottbics l.cvinc attd (iaber and second
tlotrbles iiichen-icrner botlt suffered straight
set defeats.

“Although we're winning, we‘re not as
sharp as we were when we played the Sotrtlt
during Easter." cortclttdetl Lewis. “Up
North we've been very fortunate to win rt lot
of our matches."

When (‘aptain lr'rcd (iaher was told of the
coaches remarks he responded. “i think the
coach has a good poitrt because I don't think
we're playing up to ottr capabilities. We
should‘vc beat Middlebtrry by more than
5-4. bttt you‘ve got to cottsider that two-
tltirds of the t 'am are seniors and they have a
lot on their minds such as getting their lives
settled for next year. Meanwhile, we've been
still winttirtg while not playing up to ottr
potential. I think that shows alot abottt the
quality of ottr clttb."

Tire 6-i Danes will host their next match,
today against Union - pending the court eott-
ditions in the aftermath of the weekend snow
storm. l l

 

  

 

 

“VOLUME LX

  
 
 
 

  
  

YORK‘ AT'ALBANY BY THE ALBANY STUDENT PRESS CORPORA TION'

‘ Friday

April 22, 1983

L
{case NY.
PRESS

 

   

NUMBER 20

    

Four J.V. teams to be eliminated from program

 

By Marc Schwarz
spam Emma

 

Junior Varsity teams will be eliminated
from the intercollegiate athletic program
becattse of continuing pressures on budget
funds for the sports programs. according to
Vice President for University Affairs. Lewis
Welch.

The fotrr teams are men’s J.V. lacrosse.
men's J.V. soccer. men’s J.V. baseball and
women's J.V. tennis.

“The decision was arrived at based upon
the fiscal r 'ality as a driving force." Welclt
sttid. “The precipitating elctttents in dropp-
ing the sports were cttts in temporary service
fttrrds irr those programs. Second. continued
pressures on regular fttttdcd positions forced
ottr hand."

Titc temporary scrivc funds pay for the
coaches attd come from the slate bttdget. ltt-
cluded are salaries and facility tnaintenartcc
which are provided tltrottglt the University.
All other costs. ittclttdittg equipment.
transportation. trtcals. lodging arid first-aid
are paid by the Stttdcnt Association. accor-
ding to S.A. President Mike Corso.

A minimum of85 students are presently on
the roster of tire four learns being dropped.
tecordittg to tire Director of Physical Educa-
tiott arid Recreation Williatn Moore.

Moore added that it has been a growing
trend atnong schools itt the NCAA to drop
jttttior varsity programs. “in ttll divisions. I,
II and iii. schools ltave been forced to ctrt
back their programs because of monetary
considerations." he said.

The coaches of the varsity programs itt-
volvetl expressed concern over the loss of
their J.V. teams. "The kids are the ones that
are hurt. l ltuve 30 kids on my .l.V. t ‘am this
year." lacrosse head coach Mike Motta said.
“Unfortunately these programs are the first
to go. i do not know if it will directly affect
the program immediately. Ilut the program
will be hurt."

“It was expected. l was aware of it it) the
fall." Women's tennis coach Jim Scrhalik ex-
plaitted. “There‘s definitely a need to save
money. if your going to start someplace. l

 

  

 

FsK—‘n «to. g...
.

   

   

r‘ﬁJ-"rr. -"

.1 'f

   

 

 

 

 

J.V. baseballpiaygrrtnsatg LewlsVWetch

'V'V...(‘onlilirrerl /lI‘t'.\\'ilf(',\ mt rt‘gillul‘fmtrlerl prof/ions ‘l'u/r'er/ our hum]. "

ittcss this is as good as arty. That is ttot to say
l'm rtot disappointed over the loss."

A list of criteria was drawn up by the
Athletic Policy and Planning Board for
maintaining junior varsity teams. according

DAVE ASHER UPS

to Welch. The Al’l’ll consists of it) persons,
ltc said. seven administrators and tlttce
students. titre of the criteria stated that the
sports that had J.V. programs should be able
to generate comtttttnity and/or student sup-

port. according to A550ciate Athletic Direc-
tor Bob Ford. The only two varsity teams
that generate gate revenue are football and
basketball.Thcy will be the only two teams to
ﬁeld junior varsity squads next year.

The decision to cut lite fotrr learns instead
of spreading the cut backs arnortg the erttirc
athletic department is consistent with Univer-
sity policy on dealing with loss of funding.
according to Welch.

"We faced the cltolce there always is itt any
kind of ettterprise. whether to sltttlc tltc pairt
broadly or to cttt an entire segment of a pro-
gram. Spreading tltc cuts is rtot otrr tie“ on
the best way to deal with that type of sittttr-
ion." he said. “in ottr opinion that is the
‘outc to tttediocrity.“

A similar decision was made several years
tgo when the University faced with severe cut
)acks itt funding slttrt down the Nursing
School. according to Welclt. instead of
weakening the entire systetrt. a part of the
base was eliminated. ltc explained.

No further cttts itt the tttitletic budget are
foreseen. according to Moore, "We felt we
htttl reached the breaking poittt in terms of
funding atttl providing the essential services
artd facilities for all the teams." he added.

“When the bttdgct cattte out. a rationale
itad to be drawn rtp according to th' amount
.if money we ltad to work with. attd what
teams would be tlropped first." ('o—chairtttan
of the Athletic Finance Committee of SA.
Bob Hetbock commented. “SA. had little to
do with the decision. Basically it was the deci-
sion of tlte athletic committee and we went
along with it.“

The S.A. btrdgct for next year for the
atltlctie tlepartttrent is balattccd and tire sav-
ittgs from the loss of the jutnior varsity
squads amounts to $5756. according to Ford.
The br-akdowtt is $l55tl for baseball. $ltlt‘)
for lacrosse. $l7ti7 for soccer and $672 for
'cttnis.

“Without arty question the loss of the J.V.
team will ltttrt the program." Head Baseball
Coach Dave “night said. “We won‘t be able
to keep as tttatty people on the team. Where it
will littll is with freshman who need a year to
.icvclop. especially pitchers . "

Harvard’s Hoffmann expounds nuclear theory

 

Iiy Debbie Judge
.wsrr ‘ [ill/IUR

 

if the Uttitcd States were to eliminate its
own land-based continental missiles, thcrt the
Soviet Union wouldn't have the incentive to
take them ottt in a nuclear strike.

This was the gist of one strategv discussed

WARREN BTUT UPS
Stanley Hottmann
Would eliminate missiles.

    

Jy Stanley Hoffmann. professor of govern-
tncnt at Harvard and rcknowrtcd political
theorist. at his afternoon talk yesterday in the
Campus Center Assembly Hall. “The Soviet
missiles will be utterly wasted." lloffrnatttt
continued. if the U.S. dismantled its land-
based missile systeln. "They will fittd they
don't need their arsenal. Suddenly tltcrc are
no targets." Then Hoffmann said. “we
wouldn't ltave to fear a first strike out of the
blue."

Tire Chairman of the Center for European
Studies ttt Harvard, iiofftnatttt canre to tire
United States frotrt Austria itt 1955: the tnid-
ile aged. balding man still retains the Euro-
pean accent.

Hoffmann is a member of the Council on
Foriegn Relations as well. and the author of
teveral books on American foreign policy
and [European politics. irrciuding Gulliver's
Troubles ([968). Decline or Renewal?(l974).
and Primacy or World 0rder(l978). His f or-
thcoming book Dead Earls, is a sttrvey of
past and present American foreign policy.

One fairly consistent fear of American
policy makers in the nuclear age has been
that of a strategic first strike by the Solviet
Union. Such a strike would cripple present
U.S. nuclear forces before they could get off
the ground. This so called “window of
vulnerability" was one part of a two- fold
problem in American nttelettr policy which
Hoffmann described. The second dealt with
the current issue surrounding deployment of
572 U.S. Pershing and cruise tnissiles in
Western Europe.

Having a "first-strike capability" is what
would give the Soviet Uttiott political
leverage. iioft'mantt explained. This situation
of missiles targeted at missiles. or counter-
force targettirtg.’ is extremely unstable. built
an an arsenal of “use tltettt or lose them
weapons." it is a silttatiott. Hoffmann
pointed ottt. that generates “an extraor-
dinary itch to strike first."

()ne soltrtion. ire said satcastically. was the
idea of “missiles that circle around
mysteriously at night."

lint he explained tltc Uriited State's efforts
to ttttrtclt Soviet forces was a case “not of
missile envy bttt of counter-silo envy."
Several times lte drew frotn the Scowcraft
Cotnrrtittee report released last week. art in-
vestigation which looked into several options
regarding strategic dcployttrent of the U.S.
nttelear arsenal. and which subsequently
recommended placing the missiles itt
strperirardened silos.

lll looking at the question of U.S. missile
vulnerability. Hoffmann also passed to the
crowd the “latest fashion"as he described it.
itt nuclear strategy — non-MiRVed U.S.
missiles.

The mx. which carries to nuclear warheads
per tnissile. is a recetrt example of a MiRVed
or Multiple Independently targeted Re-ctttry
Vehicle tnissilc.

Reducing the number of warheads per
missile would create problems for the
Soviets. Hoffmann explained. who then
could no longer wipe out a number of nuclear
devices in one fell swoop. thus lessening the

threat of a precntptivc first strike.

And having multiple U.S. missiles targeted
at Soviet forces puts the Rttssians irt a tough
position. "The Soviets have tltree quarters
(of their nuclear forces) in the form of sitting
ducks." he said. describing the Rttssiart’s
arsenal of land-based missiles.

“it's not the world‘s most reassuring posi-
tiott to be in." Hoffmann said.

Recent negotiations. incltrditrg the strategic
Arms Reduction talks attd the recent in-
tertnediate range nuclear force talks itt
(icncva. are nearly hopeless. said Hoffmann.

For his attack on START. Hoffmann
spared the details attd said that “the U.S. ptrt
forth a proposal to the Soviets which was
ludicrous." and not simply self-serving.

it is ludicrous, Hoffmann said. because it
“asks Soviets to dismantle by negotiation all
heavy missiles.” while it “leaves tts free to
produce bombers. continental missiles. MX
attd Trident too.“

it is a proposition. Hoffmann said. which
requests the Soviets “give up what we fear
while we go on with everything they fear."

Hoffmann was hardly optimistic regarding
the INF negotiations in Europe. either. which
include Reagan's abandoned “zero-option"
plan which was “already proven a failure."

in this regard. Hoffmann stressed that
U.S. strategists should not forget that the
Soviets too are "political animals."

For one, he said “They know Mr. Reagan
is not Mr. Nixon." “And they know not only
:lon't they (the present administration) like_

|3>

 

