 

‘Llcenses renewed by birth

Albany. N. Y. ‘

(AH—Beginning on April 1. all New York motorists will
have to renew tireir driver's licenses by their birth date. not
the last day of the month their birthday falls In.

The state Department of Motor Vehicles announced
Monday that It will finally complete a four-year process of
switching the renewal dates starting next month.

State Motor Vehicles Commissioner Leslie Foschio said
the change will give “motorists a personal reminder of
when his or her license is due for renewal.” ,

The state began the change-over in April 1979. Foschio
said motorists will continue to receive notices In the mail
three to four weeks before they must renew their licenses.

’ ,1
Layoffs to be released
_ Albany, N. Y.

(AH—Legislative leaders fired off a letter Monday to the
State Budget Division. asking it not to send out any layoff
notices to state workers until the Legislritrrre is finished
reviewing Gov, Mario Cuomo's proposed state budget.

"1 don't think we ought to be beselged by employees who
have received layoff notices." said Assemblyman Ways arid
Means Committee Chairman. Arthur Kremcr, D-Nassnu.

However. Cuomo administration officials said layoff
notices would begin going out to thousands of state
workers within two weeks.

The State Legislature‘s fiscal committee has been holding
a series of hearings on Cuomo's spending plans for various
state agencies as spelled out in his proposed $31.52 billion
state btrdget.

in that budget proposal. Crioino has said that he needs to
cut about 14.000jobs from the state work force. That plan
would include about 8.400 actual layoffs. according to
Cuomo. to help close a projected $1.8 billion budget gap in
the coming fiscrrl year.

Reagan seeks added aid

Washington. D. C.

(AP)—President Reagan. seeking approval front a Cori-
gress skeptical about a greater military aid for El Salvador.
said Monday the government there will have trouble surviv-
ing if U.S. support is not increased. the Senate Republican
leader said.

Reagan. said to be seeking $60 million in additional
military aid for El Salvador. made his pitch this morning at
a hastily assembled meeting of House and Senate leaders
from both parties. His plea was expected to receive a mixed
reaction in Congress, said Scti. Daniel lnouye. D-Hawaii.

“The president made it clear there is a serious problem in

\the region. that the national interests of this countryarc
deeply involved in the outcome of that struggle." said Sen.
Howard Baker. the Senate Republican leader. _

Baker said the “immediate problem" is "whether or not
the government of El Salvador can sustain itself" based on
the current level of U.S. support. The president’s view.
Baker said, is that “it would have been a difficult time do-
ing that."

Libya withdraws troops

Cairo, Egypt

(Ai’)-—Thc government said Monday that Libya has
withdrawn the troops it massed along the borders with
Egypt and Sudan. dcfrrsing a crisis which triggered U.S.
military deployment to deter a possible Libyan attack.

Molianimcd Rasltwan, minister of state for parliamen-
tary affairs. reported the Libyan pullback following a
meeting of the political bureau of the ruling National
Democratic Party cltaircd by President Hosiii Mubarck.

“The political bureau reviewed recent Libyan attempts at
military intervention across the Sundanese borders."
Rasliwan said. "The bureau commended Egyptian-
Sudanese cooperation in this respect—cooperation which
led to a speedy witlidrawl of Libyan forces frotn the border
area of Kufra."

Kufra is in southwestern Libya near the borders of
Sudan. Egypt. and Chad.

Pentagon sources in Washington said Feb. 16 tltc United
States had sent radar surveillance planes to Egypt and mov-
ed an aircraft carrier brittle group close to Libya following a
Libyan buildup apparently aimed at Sudan.

Shuttle launching delayed

Cape Canaveral, Florida
(AW—Space shuttle Challenger's third engine has the
same defect that was found over the weekend in No. 2. and
a further delay in its maiden launch is certain since both
engines must be removed and repaired. NASA said today.
The same type of hydrogen-line crack which had earlier
been detected on the spaceplane's No. 2 engine was
discovered on the No. 3 engine over the weekend. .
Officials of the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-
ministration said they would try to repair both motors at
Kennedy Space Center, but they said there was little hope
of meeting the latest launch date of March 19 and 20. That
date was already two months later than originally schedul-

ed.

“

Conferring women

Directing women's theater. playwriting. and story
building through mime. are just some of the workshops
you can attend free at the Women in Theater Conference
being held March 18-20 on‘the SUNYA downtown cam-
pus. Fllm and video presentations. as well as playreadings
will continue throughout the conference. For more infor-
mation or a conference schedule, call Susan Chast at
457-8428. ‘

 

Fun in the sun

if you ‘always wanted to be a lifeguard. here's your
cltancc to learn how. Sign up for courses in Advanced
Lifesaving and Water Safety iitstrrrctioii at the Albany
Jewish Coriiruunlty Center. Classes will be held Sunday
evenings. March 27. through May 22. Courses are open to
the general public.However. there rrre sonic age and skill
requirements. For registration and fees information call
Jeanette (iottlieb at 438-6651. »

The Canadian way

Spend a semester studying in Canada at SUNYA tuition
rates. Programs are being offered in Montreal. Quebec
City. and Ottowa. Students are given the opportunity to
learn about Canadian culture and lifestyle. while atten-
ding prestigious Canadian Universities. The total cost in-
ciriding fccs. triitioti. room and board is approximately
srsoo-szrm per semester. The application deadline for
summer 1983 is April I;The deadline for fall 1983 is April
15. All inquiries and applications should be directed to:
Study ln‘Canada Programs, Center for the Study of
Canada. 133 Court St.. State University of New York.
Plattsburgh, N.Y., 12901.

Pay or protest

Find out more about war tax resistance. Attend a clinic
on Saturday March 5. frotn 1:30 p.m. to 4 pm. at the
Mount Pleasant Baptist Church. For more information
call Louise McNeilly at 434-4037.

' and song leader. Many of her songsarc known and Sung

, mpus brief

Dazzling Debbie -

Don't miss Debbie Friedman in concert on Saturday
March 12. in the Campus.Center Ballroom. The concert
begins at 8:30 pm. and is sponsmcd by JSC-Hillcl. Fried-
man ls a concert performer. composer. liturgical soloist,

throughout the Jewish community today. Tickets are $4
for Hillel members and $5 for non-members.

Chinese learning

Pie-law and law students. you can study trade.
business, and law with legal scholars and attorneys in
China. The Foundation for American-Chinese Cultural
Exchanges is offering intensive study programs this stirri-
mer at East Clrlna Normal University in Shanghai. in ad-
dition to the law program. there is also a program in
Chinese language and culture. at all levels. Enrollment is
limited and the deadline for application is March 15.
1983. For complete information, write: Mrs. C.i’.
Sobclnran. The Foundation for American-Chinese
Cultural Exchanges. Bos 227. 525 West 120th St.. New
York. N.Y., 10027.

A political operation .

The New York State Seurrte Legislative Fellows Pro-
gram provides students with an intimate knowledge of
New York State Governemcrit. The 1983-84 program
begins Sept. 1983 and ends Aug. 8 1984. The program is
open to matriculated N.Y. state graduate students.
Fellows receive a trixable salary of $15,800. If you're in»
tcrcstcd contact Professor .loscpli Zimmerman in the
Graduate School of Public Affairs at 455-6186.

Lucky Leprechauns

Come to a pre-Saint Patrick's Day party with Don-
nybrook Fair in concert. The party begins at 9 pm. in the
Campus Center Ballroom on Friday March 4. The lrisli
Club is sponsoring the event as part of World Week. Ad-
mission is $2 with a tax card and $3 without a tax card.

Fill ’it to the rim

Start this weekend early with telethon afternoon at the
bars. From 3 p.m.-6 p.m.. all you can drink for just $4.00
at the Lampost. W.T.’s. O’Heaney‘s. and the Loiig
Branch. Pay only once and you can go to all four bars.
Afternoon at the Bars. sponsored by Telethon. SA, and
the classes of 83. 84. arid 85. is being held to raise moircy
for teletlton.

 

 

 

Saikai seeks relief

New Delhi. India

(Al’)—Tlie newly sworn-in chief minister of Assam says
he will seek relief for victims of election-related violence
that has claimed at least 1.300 lives rind 1ch 100.000
homeless.

llilcswar Saikai. a iticiitbcr of Prime Minister Indira
Gandhi's Congress Party. took the oath of office as chief
minister Sunday along with a lZ-mcntbcr Cabinet, ending
nearly a year of federal rtrlc iii the northeastern state.

Saikai. 44. told reporters itt Gauhati. Assatn's tnaiti city.
that he would try to end the bloodshed that began Feb. 2 as
militant Hindus tried to block the elections ordered by Mrs.
Gandhi. '

In the three-stage election. the Congress Party took 90
seats in the 126-seat state assembly. Violence prevented
voting in 18 districts. and election officials said those seats
would remain vacant “indefinitely”. The major opposition
parties boycotted the election.

Cuomo promotes judge-

Albuny, N. Y.

(AP)—Gov. Mario Cuoriio has elevated state Stiprcnte
Court Justice Samuel Green of Buffalo to the Appellate
Division of the State Sriprcrtic Court. _

in his announcement Monday. Criomo said (ireen would
become an additional justice on the court replacing Justice
M. Dolores Denman. also of Buffalo. who was r"cntly
elevated by Cuomo from status as an additional justice to
an associate justice on tltc Appellate Division.

The judge’s job for Green pays $69,657 annually.

OPEC threatened by members

Kuwait

(AP)—-A top government officialwarncd Monday that

Arab Persian Gulf states will preserve their own interests if
OPEC fails to agree on price and production levels.

“The gulf oil exporters will have to act in such a fashion

Aliz Hussein said after a Cabinet meeting.
. The statement came one day after another high Kuwait
official predicted oil prices could drop to $20 a barrel unless
the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries acts to
reduce its $3.

In Paris. officials of the Kuwait. Algerian illltl
Vcnczticlan embassies declined continent on whether oil
ministers from their countries would meet in the French
capital to discuss how to avert tr price war.

Court upholds AT&T decision

Washington, I). ( '.

(Al’)—Tlie settlement that broke up the American
Telephone & Telegraph Co. did riot unlawfully infringe on
state regulatory powers. the Supreme Court rttlcd Monday.

The court. without waiting to condrict oral ttrgrinicius.
upheld the huge settlement. The vote was 6-3.

Chief Jristicc Warren Burger and Justices William Rehn-
quist and Byron White voted to study the controversy more
closely.

Monday's action came in an appeal by 13 states that
claimed the settlement unlawfully infingcd on their
regulatory powers anti may leave phone users with iiirrtlc-
qrtalc service.

The Justice Department and AT&T also asked illL'
Supreme Court to step into the dispute immediately to pill
to rest any doubts about the settlcnicnt’s validity.

 

 

 

ASP
Editorial Board
Meeting

Sunday ‘
8 p. m.

 

that enables them to retain a reasonable production level
and revenues because we mainly depend on oil as a source

News room

 

 

 

 

of income.“ Minister of State for Cabinet Affairs Abdul

 

 

 

 

.-~tv~« A .r «Pas-re" 1“

 

MARCH 1, 1983 (J ALBANY STUDENTPRESS 

 

Fees paid to N YPIRG labeled unconstitutional

By Mark Hammond

CUNTRIIIU l'ING lilll'ltlli

 

Eight students front three SUNY cam-
puses are suing NYPIRG. among others, oti
the grounds that the mandatory collections
of student fees to fund NYPIRG is a viola-
tion of constitutional rights.

The students. represented by the Mid-
Atlantic Legal Foundation. charge that the
$486,000 NYPIRG receives annually
through student fees is being used for
“political and ideological purposes." in
what they see as air "unconscionable sittin-
tion." The plaintiffs are calling for it halt to
the collections plus $1 million—an estimate
of the total fees NYPIRG received since
1972—to be refunded individually to all
students who paid.

“No one should be required to finance
anyone else's politics." said Attorney John
G. Collins of Mitt-Atlantic. representing
the students. “This still is designed to pro-
tect everyone. regardless of their views.”

AI SUNYA. $2 ol‘tlic mandatory $45 slu-
dcrrl l'cc specifically goes to ltclp fund tltc
17-clrrrpter NYl’lltG. The remaining $l.ii
million of NYl’iRCr's $2.3 million annual
budget comes from contributions. grants
and program iticoirie. according to. Albany
NYl’lIiG Project Coordinator spokesper-
still .ltriic Greenbcrg. Ill addition she cs-
plriinetl that the funding method is approv-
cd crery two or three years by a student
votc referendum.

"This group (NYI’iRG) uses these funds
to support its efforts to irrflrrcrrcc public
policy through research and lobbying on
select political issues." said plaintiff
'l‘homrrl W. Carroll of Albany. Carroll ctlll-
ed the crux of the suit "rm attack against
forced political coittribntions.”

Also named as defendants are the SUNY
Board of Trustees, Chancellor Clifton B.
Wharton. and seven university presidents.
including President Virtccttt O‘l.cury. for
permitting NYPlRG to lie "unjustly
cnricltcd." The suit was filed Feb. 17 iii tr
Federal District court in Manhattan before
Judge Lloyd MacMuhon.

NYPIRG Executive Director Marilyn A.
Ondrasik. termed the suit an attack by “a
right~wing. corporatc»frintled legal founda-
tion"——a charge Carroll called “childish
anti irrelevant." '

Oridrasik noted that the Foundation has
in the past represented such interests as Ex-
xon. Arco. Bendix. and the New York State
Business Council—entities often
ideologically opposed to many of
NYPIRG's pro-environmental views. such

NYPIRG also supports nuclear disarma-
ment. recycling and access to the courts.
Both Greenberg and Ondraslk noted the
Foundation is funded in part by these cor-
porations. which was confirmed by Collins.
Ondrasik implied that the Foundation

reasons." and said that “the broad sweep
of this suit would be to eliminate any stu-
dent activity which takes a political stand."
such as a student government. gay
organizations. feminist groups. and SASU.

Collins denied that the suit is politically

as the

recently-enacted

"bottle bill.”

had singled out NYPIRG for "political

ntotivated, saying that it originated (in

 

 

   

NYPIHG is doing

something for everyone

i

   

 

Daiakratwmn
Limiter

Juli
TAXPAYER POLITICAL
RIGHTS REFORM

    
   

 NEW YORK

PUBLIC
INTEREST

VPIRG GROUP

RESEARCH

1979) from “young men and women calling
fora change in an unconstitutional system.
Any other consideration of that (political
motivation) is irrelevant."

I “Clearly. what they would like to see is
I all mandatory fees made voluntary."
Greenberg said. “The whole notion con-
cerns rt student‘s right to vote on how their
rriortcy is spent." she said. referring to the
referendum vote.

(ireenberg defended the method of
NYI’IRG's strident funding. refuting the
accusation that riroticy is used for political
coercion. “Students are given all the infor-
mation trtid they decide how they want their
money spent. isn't that how people vote?"

Carroll charged that “financing
NYI’lRG through a mandatory fce violated
the constitrrtiontrlly-protectcd rights of
students to support or oppose a political
issue.“ (‘arroll stressed that the plaintiffs
are not challenging NYPlRG's right to ex-
ist; rather. it is “art attack against forced
political contributions."

The plaintiffs believe NYI’IRU should be
financed exclusively through public and ,
pritritc contributions: “lfit truly represents
the 'public inlci'cst' it should not have trot:-
lile relying on voluntary public srrpport.”'
c\pl.’riircd Carroll.

('riiroll said the attack was levied against
NYI’IRG because the organization is the
“foremost beneficiary of this misguided
university policy“ which permits the fun-
ding of ideologically-based groups like stu-
dent government ruid SASU. He noted that
SUNY policy prohibits the funding of
party-based organizations like the College
Republicans and the Young Democrats. brit
emphasized that no "ideologically-
oriented" group should be funded. either.

 

 

 

 

LAURA BOSTICK UPS

NYPIRG Project Coordinator spokesperson Jane Greenberg

"The whole notion t'mit'i'rns (I .\'Ill(/L‘III '5' right to vote on [low lltcir llltlllt‘Il‘ is rpth . . "

A similar suit against a New Jersey PIRG
is now pertding in that state's court.

()tiicr plaintiffs include Craig Ruckcr.
Robert Carroll. Edwin Jimenez. arid
limtmucl .Iirucricl. of Albany; Edward
l’riola and Robert Christian of New l’altz;
lllltl licth Turkovic of Bingliamton. l I

Patroon Room reserves tables for faculty only

 

“There is a limited
number of reserved tables
. . . We don ’t want to

J)

over—reserve . . .

 

UAS General Manager Norbert Zahm

 

"We're not excluding students from the place. "

 

. x :“.t\t-'f.‘gt.-~':;«>‘>‘ur.L mu: ~  

 

Mousetrap catches few

By LII. Reich
Alrlll lI'Rlll'R

 

 

Facility members and administrators. btit not students.
now have the right to make luncheon reservations at tltc
Patroon Room and possibilities for transforming the
Mousetrap next year are now being considered. according
to UAS General Manager Norbert Zahm.

The reservation system stemmed front the rccorruncnda-
tioits of tire Committee on Campus Life, a group of six ad»
mitiistrators. The Committee “received complaints from
faculty and administrators tlitrt lltcrc was it difficulty in
scheduling business lrinclicons.” title to the popularity of
the Patroon Room. according to (‘tinipus l.ti Committee
Chair Lewis Wclcli.

Zttliin said. “l'hcl’titrooii Rooiri has been a popular place
for students since lTbr‘nury of last ycrrr. As the week builds.
the crowd gets larger. The faculty and administrators need
a place for their meetings." Ztilrm stressctl.“Wc'rc not ex—
cluding students from the plaice. There is a liriiitctl number
of reserved tables. We don't wriiit to over-reserve the place
because of the problems which cotilti ttt‘isc~~pct)plc who are
not on tune and customers who are kept waiting." erlrni
said if student groups. such as tltc Strident Association.
ircctl to hold business lunchcoiis they can speak to the
Board of Directors at UAS.

SA President Mike Corso believes the new policy is liti-
fair. “It's wrong that faculty aiitl administrators be treated
differently. because the Patroon Room is all of ours." Cor—
st) poititcd out that if Iic had on SA business meeting. he
would hold it Ill the Patroon Room‘s back room. behind
the bar. Now that Lobby Day is over. Corso said he's going
to be “looking into it further."

A similar controversial situation occurred this semester at
UNY ' 'on One of “’ u‘ 'm's dining rooms.
known as the Clicrtango Room. opened in January ex-
clusively to faculty and administrators. according to
Binghttmlon‘s Pipe Dream Editor-in-Chicf. David Kalish.

 

"m. HHUW’V-lr nu...

The rationale behind that was the same as the Patroon
Rooni's reservation system. "they would use the room
primarily for entertaining guests from other schools."

ilinghumton SASU delegate Sharon Donnelly explained.
"the situation has taken care of itself. A month ago. Presi-
dent Clark trgrccd to meet to discuss developing a policy
that worrld not exclude students.

Kulisli added that. “Student Association President Patti
Goldman got students allowed during certain hours but
they are discouraged to go during peak hours." Donnelly
said. “I respect the faculty's right to eat there brit 1 don't
like air exclusionary policy on the books. one that says
students aren't allowed in room X. i would object if faculty
were excluded front Susquclrana (another dining hall)."

in addition. UAS is studying the feasibility of making the
Mousetrap. the i’utrooii Room's weekend witic turd clrccsc
restaurant. more appealing to students. While the Patroon
Rooni‘s appeal to students has increased over the past few
years. the Morisctrap's popularity has dirttinishcd. Accor—
ding m Zulu", “Wine anti cheese places are fading away."

UAS first thought of thc Mousetrap approximately four
years ago when it group of students from the New York Ci-
ty and Long island trtcrr suggested 11 wine and cltccsc dining
facility on ctmipus. Although these kinds of facilities were
very popular and successful in New York City. they were
virtually tron cxisttrnl iii the Albany area. However, UAS
decided to take a chance and created tltc Mousetrap. The
success of the Mousetrap never skyrocketed. btit Albany
students seemed to enjoy the relaxed atmosphere that they
felt lit the facility.

Now. according to Zttltm. sales have been steadily declin-
iitg as well its custoiircr counts. "The Mousetrap has never
really met the expectations of UAS. brit we were satisfied
with its progress." Zahm remarked. “For sortie reason or

another the interest of the strideiiis liris dropped drastically
anti we would like to know wiry."

LIAS is prrttiiig togetltcr a survey. Zalim said. to be

distributed on dinner lines. in order to get a profile on wltat

students do when tltcy go out. “Some people just want to
get rrway front the campus." Zalim said. “and that is one
of the questions." [Q]

   

 

 

