 

w:- wr-

_., .31....
M! i

By MARK lEVINE
Associate Sports Editor

As the 1983 baseball season draws to a
close, terms such as magic number, spoiler
and must win become a part of every
baseball fan’s vocabulary. For the non-
contendlng teams, it’s time to start polishing
up the set of Ben Hogans before making
reservations for tee off time. But for some
teams, this is the time when Pennant Fever
reaches its apex; the time when average
ballplayers can be elevated to heroes and
heroes can become legends. Ah, the
playoffs. For sheer excitement, day after day,
game after game, there's nothing like it.

There are three things that occur in the NL
East every year: Mike Schmidt will hit 30
homers, the Mets will come in last, and the
race will be a dogfight that won‘t be decided
until the final week.

The Phillies sort of typified this division this
year: strange and inconsistent. To begin -
with, their manager gets fired while the team
is in first place. They haven’t played well for
long stretches all year--untll their recent
li-game winning streak, they were having a
tough time staying above the .500 mark. Fun-
ny thing is, except for Schmidt no regular is
having anything resembling a good year. Not
only that, i don’t even know who the
regulars are anymore. Pete Rose and Tony
l’erez have taken over the role as head
cheerleaders, while guys named Len
Matuszek and iuan Samuel have seen lots of
playing time. John Denny has been the only
formidable pitcher, although Steve Carlton
still has an IRA near l..’ti and I’d hate to face
him in the playoffs. Even the crowds have
been disappointing. Did you see the crowd
at the Vet on ‘tV two Saturdays ago? There

The reason the Mets are amazin’

By ROB RAFAL
Sports Writer

Are you an average, normal, red-blooded American? Of
course you are. Then it follows that you must also be an
avid sports fan. it also follows that you must be a baseball
fan. Being that you are a student at this great university,
and therefore, almost undoubtedly a New Yorker through

V 6  October ALBANY STUDENT PRESS El OCTOBER 4,1983 I

Pennant Fever: Catch It! '

aorund .280, bit close to 20 homers and
drive In around 95 runs. Not too many peo-
ple know about him, but how many guys in
the league can match those stats over the
past two yearsl

were more people in attendance when I us-
ed to play two-on-two whifflebail in my
friend’s backyard. (That's understandable,
though — we had some great games.) Still,
there is something about this team that
makes them play better when things seem to
be going a little crazy.

I don’t think anyone can figure out the
Expos. On paper the seem to be far and away
the class of the. division, maybe even the
whole league. This year they could have got-
ten by wlth just a month of great baseball
and they could have taken the division
championship and stuffed it in their hip
pocket a long‘ time ago. But inconsistency
has plagued them all year long also. I read
that one of their executives said that signing
Gary Carter last year was a mistake. Well, if
he still thinks so, i'm sure the Mets would be
willing to take their chances and see if it real-
ly was a mistake.

In the West, the Dodgers have won their
fourth title in the last seven years, and the
credit here must go to the LA pitching staff.
Fernando Valenzuela, who has had an off
year, has become the fourth or fifth starter.
Alejandro Pena is a Cy Young candidate,
Jerry Reuss has found his form the last two

'ntonths, and Bob Welch throws seven good

innings every time out. Then they pick up
Rick Honeycutt for the last two months.
That’s like the Islanders getting Wayne Gret-
zky for the playoffs. '

The Braves looked like a lock for awhile,
but their pitching has been horrendous the
last six weeks or so. We got to mention one
of my unsung MVPs, shortstop Rafael
Ramirez, who is hitting close to .300 and has
improved dramatically in the field while
emerging into one of the best at his position
in the league. Ted Turner should never have
taken down that teepee.

As far as the playoff matchups go. I've got

i

u

 

to go with the Dodgers and their pitching
staff. They have a very young team that is
somewhat lacking in playoff experience, but
i thinijommy Lasorda has done a super job
molding this team and i think you‘ll find
them in the Fall Classic.

In the American League, it's the White Sox
and the Orioles battling to represent‘the
junior circuit, which has not won a World
Series since the Yankees won it in 1978.

The White Sox~have made a shambles of
the west, which is a ridiculous excuse for a
division excluding Chicago. The Seattle
Mariners should contact Mike Brusco andtry
and join the AMIA softball league. Sad thing
is theyfd still ﬁnish last.

As for the Chlsox, i think you'll be wat-
ching a team with a lot of talent, but winning
the AL West by that much is somewhat
deceiving, what with every other team
finishing below .500.

For one thing, the pitching has been
phenomenal. LaMarr Hoyt has been the best
pitcher in the league for the last two years
and could win the Cy Young this year. Yeah,
his ERA is somewhat high, but he never pit-
ches a bad game and always keeps his team
close. Rich Dotson has very quietly won 20
games, and I don't tlink Floyd Bannister has
lost since Reggie Jackson's last homerun,
which was sometime near the end of lune.

offensively, Carlton Fisk has found his
stroke again, Greg Luzinski has worn out the
roof at Comiskey Park, and Ron Kittle is a
lock for Rookie of the Year. He could turn in-
to one of the dominant players of the eighties
—~ keep in mind he's playing in a park that's
far from a hitter's paradise. I also have to
mention my final underrated star, outfielder
Hal Baines. Last year he hit .275 with 25
homers and 105 RBIs. This year he will hit

  
 

in the East, it’s the same old story with the
Orioles, even without Earl Weaver. They go
on and off for five months, then the calendar
changes to September and it’s lights out. As
an avid Yankee fan, I can tell you that it’s
very frustrating trying to catch a team that
wins 33 out of 42 down the stretch. How are
you supposed to gain ground on a team that
plays close to .800 ball for a month in the
middle of a pennant race? Mike Flanagan
and ilm Palmer miss much of the year, and
Denis Martinez is 6-13. Enter Scott
McGregor, Storm Davis and Mike Bod-
dtcker, and you have the makings of a pit-l
ching factory. Eddie Murray is as true
superstar, Cal Ripken is a budding superstar,
and their leftfielder, Caryiohn Roenickes-
teln, is awesome.

As far as the AL matchups go, i like the
Orioles. They‘ve got the pitching, they know
how to win, and I think that they’re the team
to beat in the playoffs this year. I like the
Orioles over the Dodgers in the World
Series.

Finally, i’d like to throw out a question for
discussion that I hope people will respond
to. If you were to start an expansion team
that would join the major leagues in MM,
and you could choose one infielder tcatchers
included), one outfielder and one pllt‘lwr
(starter or reliever) from among all 2!) major
league teams, who would you take?
Remember, this is an expansion learn, so age
counts. Drop me a note in the sports mailbox
in the ASI' office, CC .l‘l‘). Results and my
picks next month. l ,i

 

OCTOBER 4,1983 Ci ALBANY STUDENT PRESS Sports October 7

New look forAMiA/WIRA

 

By RICH UDEWITZ
Sports Writer

AMIA is set to kick off another year of in-
tramural sports. Last week, the men’s softball
captain’s meeting was held, and as usual it
was full of surprises.

AMIA has decided to expand the men’s
softball from three to four leagues. The
previous 2A and 28 leagues are now
1A and 18. League 1A is still designed for
highly competitive, fast-pitch teams; with it}
being a medium-pitch league.

AMIA’s new league is league two,
specifically created for less competitive
squads. While the medium pitch rule still
holds effect, a base runner in this league can
only steal a base after the ball has crossed the
plate, as opposed to leaving when the ball
leaves the pitcher's hand. The "high-arc
pitch" league three and the coed league
four remain the same as last year.

AMlA president Mike iirusco projects
there will be l3() learns in the fall softball
league. With the addition of the new softball
league, there has been an increase in the
bond money needed to create a softball
team. Last year, the cost was $13 per team to
gain entrance to the AMIA league. This year,

 u-dl-w>dﬂul.r‘lﬂ «.m 0 was: .m

AMIA has raised the fee to $18.

Other AMIA sports include basketball,
which tips off in late October and goes
through early April. The volleyball season
coincides with basketball but is served up
only on weekends. Bowling meets every
Sunday throughout the year, and the popular
"Challenge Cup" floor hockey tournament
faces off next semester.

The only sport scratched from AMIA's
1983 program is flag football. According to
lirusco, ﬂag football wasn't safe enough to be
played under the existing conditions, and the
league is now experimenting in efforts to
make the sport safer.

WlRA’s l903 season is in the process of
getting off the ground. WIRA also begins its
season with women’s softball and soccer.
According to WIRA president, Cathy Russo,
three new sports will be added to WIRA‘s
program. There will be a new dance
workshop starting in November, along with a
racquetball league. Last year, WIRA spon-
sored a racquetball tournament that was so
successful they created a winter league. The
other possible addition is field hockey, but
the creation of a league depends on a
general interest in the sport.

According to Russo. WIRA is taking sugges-
tions, and is still looking for S.A.'s referees
and officials.

 

plement, t

pictures in ever

Beginning with the next ASP Sports Sup-
ere Will be a ful page 0 in-
tramural rankings, standings, stories and

regular coverage in the ASP, we hope to
give the Intramural scene a wide variety of
coverage through this page.

supp ement. Besides

 

 

 

 

 

UNIVERSITY CONCERT BOARD
PROUDLY PRESENT S
AN EVENING WITH

‘ and through, then you must either be, a.) a Met fan, or

i'r'j b.)perish the thought, a Yankee fan.
“ However, as i am sure you are all too aware, there are
_' those crazed anarchists, who can only be described as
i lunatics, who insist on rooting for the Cincinnati Reds, the
Pittsburgh Pirates, or some other Siberian team like that.
l These are also the same people who would root for Russia
in a war. Aside from these few maniacs, the only other
reason to be a non-New York baseball fan is if your father
' was and still is either a die-hard Brooklyn Dodger or a New
York Giant fan who, for the past 25 years, has refused to
believe that the Dodgers moved to Los Angeles and the
- Giants to San Francisco, and instead, insists that the roar of
' the crowd can still be heard emlnating from Ebbets Field
and the Polo Grounds on any given summer day. If this is
i. the case, then it is understandable if you, being a direct
' decendent of your father, are a Los Angeles Dodger or San
Francisco Giant fan. Oh yeah, there is one more category
that if you fall under, it is not only understandable but
laudable. This is, of course, being a Seattle Mariner fan just
for the sheer beauty of the ﬁelding. Aside from being a
Dodger or Giant fan due to family heritage, or a Mariners
fan for sheer pleasure, then it is obvious that if y0u are a
native New Yorker you should root for a New York

baseball team no matter what.

Now that it is clear that you and all you neighbors should
be New York baseball fans, I am about to make it equally

THE BAND

I AT THE PALACE THEATRE '
SUNDA Y OCT '23rd A T 8 p.m.

TIX: $7 SUNYA STUDENT
$10 GENERAL PUBLIC

'I'I‘IIE'I'S OI SALE FRIDAY l-‘Oll
SUNYA STUDEI'I'U AND SATURDAY

 

 

 

 

clear that you should be a New York MET fan, and a sen/in been to cu {or (we, aj h In . . . . '
Yankee hater at all costs. I mean, let‘s just start with the Georgg Theodore): Marv ThrongbeEry,KToThlngfvzlérl‘ibnnacr; badnbevigjsboyvdbrlrgzz  be lug! mld'y amus'    
j ‘ names of the players: Darryl Strawberry, Mookie Wilson Seaver, the Met Mutt, and the bullpen car (how many Icouid goon for hours on wh ouiho Id be Metf '
J g ‘- (in fact, just think about Mookie Wilson a momentuhis miles does it get to the gallon anywayi). What more could even using some ofthe uotes frbdtthe bau e a B an,
.  , face, his smile, his eloquence...), Ron Darling, Nelson you ask fort Day this year such as ,(iRusl ﬂds [h MT",'rS:3“i|1r'tn:3r
i‘ D¢uhleday, etc. Compare that with Willie Randolph. Graig And what do New York‘s other baseball team have? A broccoli " to'name 'wo butyl’ln tirecTanS :1 head bindse '
New“ and R0“ Gill‘l'Y- There is “0 compafisoni NOW ' bUHCh of hlBh'Sali‘ile‘l Players Who W00" be on the team and besides this article is due u town i seveh mihutel ; l m 
think at the abilities of the players like Tucker Asbford and in two years because Steinbrenner will have traded them, iwon'i, gut ] will leave cu war] [his 0:8 mm mm, htsj'jml I, M   THE   A T  
other such stalwarts. How can you not love them? Just or else they will have opted for free agency. That’sateamt anyone who grew u wjyjh me Mets nd j,;s,two8bj 1?, if. i. . .
think about Diamond Vision, Frank Howard, Shea Stadium And so what if they may win more pennants? At least win idolsrarn Clean jongs 1nd TommjcaA 3;,iijunjer-t1‘8ﬁ. V 3‘  
hot dogs, 't‘im McCarvef, Tankard Day, Denise and Chris the Mets finally do win, I’ll be ecstatic, but If the Yankee Let's go'Metsl ‘ at ( '5 an ' . , I .

'-'-*'~~‘-' "mm ans 'WWNTBESasst1m9u'I-aJxﬁls4.-was”. ~s as“... _. 

   

an“ . . .t... ..... , . H..-” . ,,

_ t

