 
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
   
  
     
    
   
 
 
   
   
  
    
  
  
   
    
   
  
   
    
   
    
   
      
  
   

10a "liﬁllll In! III-ﬂu! act “a ,

 

A
2 O O O s
r on P
E E
C C
T "h "'9 adven' 0' summe" a'ong wasn't. But it was lovely. Hustler can do T
5 n the tllusionary flow of wheels and lights she looked for the one face. any face. comes the usual onslaught of ‘esblan sex bu. only Tony Sm" could have ‘5

llial would stop her thoughts. Nameless streets formed a neon reflection of her ﬂash and gore horror ﬁlms. handled w~hm was much mom of an anl :'

owri discontent. As she followed the unconsciously defined course. snow began ed to Stu: ymft someplace to lose dwgynous bane" Slnce Deneuve.5 pursu" I: 

during t e aternoon and scare of Sarandon as her new lover is more than V '

 

M
A to fall as if to cover her tracks of sell-deception.

Megan Gray Taylor
1' . . ,, , V W _,,__,,_,,-_>"_g

Again and again she drove past the house where lliL’ other woman's reflection was
1 i invited on the bamboo shade of his gain-t tirrrttt Like a child with its nose pressed
') against a tempting bakery window, she could feel the warmth of the quilt on his bed. she
"l could smell the sweet in “ill of the flickering candle. she t’ttlilfl taste his favorite fresh brew-
‘lred coffee shared on such .i told night. She turned on lltL' windshield wipers clearing the
images The snow had c.topped She turned the corner again.

Stopping on the deserted street. she with] not go back to her apaitrrient where
thoughts and shadows of memory rushed around the toorri vying lor her atleiitlori - iii-
tellect impaled on emotion She caught her breath as the air in the car closed in. echoing
the pain in her head. No she must keep running. running to...runnliig from...

A bereled figure ambled into ltL’l' field of Vision causing that too familiar tension of
recognition. She leaned forward. searching desparately for certainty. Cauglil in the angle
of a stray house light refracted iii the (rigid air. the face remained obscure.

Captive in hesitation A ati involuntary movement and the car inches forward. in those
languid moments of acceleration a realization tll irrationality - how could she explain the
late hour. the distance frotii her home. the hunger in her eyes? in that split second eterni-
ty. he paused. and in the strobe like (lasli of his cigarette lighter defined the unknown reali-
ty of a stranger.

lristinctlvely the car raced forward like a subway to an unknown slop - peripheral visioti
blurred. The fire in her cheeks opposed the cold as she shut off the heater. There was no
recognizable sensation iniltl she was again the lone spectator of the undulating shadows
projected on the bamboo shade. in the delicate candle light reflections she could see their
every movement With each subtle gesture she reacted as if it was her hair he touched.
with the turn of his head it was her lips he kissed. her body he was caressing. His outline

half of the film. watching the way the rela-
tionship unfolds is every bit a ballet of emo- 6
lions.

Susan Sarandon has come a long way i
‘stnce Janet iii The Rocky Horror Picture 9
Show. As a credit to her skill. the very fact it I
that she was going to be in the movie is I: ,2
'what made Bowie decide to accept his 1
part. She portrays the perfect modern
' woman: intelligent. gutsy. honest with her
feelings and her independence. it is this
same spirit of independence that. at the
end of the film. forces her to make the
supreme of decisions (you'll have to see It
for yourself to find out what that is).

it's an interesting bonus to watch the two - ~
utterly different styles of the two women.

‘s‘arandnri: ballsy. American Deneaiive as
ttmelessly elegant as a European tradition.

The Hunger is photographed like a
masterpiece. Stephen Goldblatt has out-
:lone himself in building a mood of cap-
tured time. crystalline in lighting. in texture.
in the interweaving of scenes both present
and past. Each frame could stand on its
own as a piece of photographic artwurk.
The music is hauntingly classical, all piano
and cello and violin that adds a poignant

silly. Most of these movies. while
5 the newest advances In special el-
9 tactiessly acted. poorly produced.
ed like a professional home moute~
dience. in its quest for terror. has
tied into a state of complacency
expecting quality material. and
cond best without complaint.

 

nne Sokolowski

t the day of the mediocre terror film
ded with the arrival of director Tony
. artistic masterpiece. The Hunger.
assed in its delicate balance of
ce. horror and erotica. i listened in
rk of the movie theatre to the rest of
udlence shifting In their seats and
ering at the realization that they had
n much. much more than they had
tried for. Expecting a run-of-the rnlll
iresque thriller. they were treated to a
ful story of endless love and sacrifices
ell. One minute i had my hands in
tof my eyes as a berserk monkey. in-
d with a mysterious aging disease.
ally eats his mate alive. and in the next 1

 

 

 

 

‘ment. Bowie handles his role like a glass
lrose that could shatter in an instant. As the
aging disease begins to steal up on liim.
you are treated to a display of special ef-
fects so subtle that. while you see them
'liappeniiig ..you don't. Bowle's acting is
:ltiul’li the same. You really don't think he's

(Derieaiive packs away in her attic before
looking for a new youth to take their place.
David Bowie. the androgynous enigma
who earned his fame as a giant-rock
superstar before baffling his fans since with
:hameleonlike fluctuations in style and ar-
tistic directions. may finally earn credibility

 

was her only focus. her absolute obsession. And like a dancer in a silent movie. he steps
back from his partner. leading her to his bed. but he pause

ing out the scene.

She is left In the dark silence Snow was falling. Lil

Three Views On Ignorance

 

 

Rob Rafa!
chool has been ruining my col-
S lege life for the past four years.
Actually. school work has been
ruining my life. The buildings themselves
are lovely. The campus center for instance.
has been making my life. The fountains.
the pillars (all 1248 of them) on the
podium. the great tlilng in the middle of
the podium (actually it's a little off center).
perimeter road. the circle. the Humanities
building. U-lounges. green buses. i don't
know.

Although God (and my friends) knows
that i didn't always feel this way. college life
is tremendous. Jordan Stern is tremen-
dous. Yahtzee. Maykeg. $10.00fl
Pyramid. WXXA. and closed section cards

45 minutes. What a featl

Fun. that is what college is all about.
Fun. that is what life is all about. But. un-
fortunately. sometimes things get in the
way of me and toyfulness. One of these
things is schoolwork. or more appropriate-
ly. homework. Homework (50 l hear) is not
fun. It cuts into valuable TV viewing time; it
makes my head hurt. etc. However. work
done in class i don‘t really mind that much.
But as soon as that work leaves the
classroom. i draw the line. That's when i
take a stand. l refuse to do it.After all, it's
not fun. [don't like it 50 why should i do it?
l'd rather write movie scripts or read the
“great book" (the Baseball Encyclopedia).
But. then again. who wouldn't? All i care
about is the well-known fact that Cleon
Jones hit .340 in 1969 and getting my out-
side large straight. 15 that wrong of me? i
don't know. (:1

s to extinguish the candle black-

 

imporiant things to life than hanging out
and having fun." l beg to differ. l have yet
to find the law that says we shouldn't enjoy
ourselves. it is beyond me to understand
the attitude that pushes us to an abandon-
ment of the fun. friendships and life ex-
periences that we've had here In exchange
for adoption of a pursuit of "achievement"
and "success."

Honestly (and sadly). l should retract
that last sentence. It isn't really beyond me.
l'm kind of doing it. l‘m out of here in three
weeks and will be doing exactly what We
just waxed semi-eloquently against. This
inconsistency has been plaguing me for
months. it's tortured me so much that l'm
writing a movie about it.

May l get lucky and make the movie
with my friends.

i don't know. [:1

 

like what you are doing. According to
many a rat racer. except for a select few. a
Job Is Just a damn lob ten years down the
road. and money separates the happy from
the sad; the content from the discontented.
Maybe so. but . . .I don‘t know.

Yearning to be one of the “select few"
should be the aim of the college student.
Getting Involved is the method; searching
for that in life which is appealing and more
than bearable is the goal.

Granted this nostalgic. reminiscent hind-
sight comes from an abuser of college op-
portunity. not a wise user; unsubstantiated.
unsupported by proof or fact. witless or

spineless these words may be. they should .

nonetheless be heeded. Just as the overly-
aware intellect claiming to be unaffected by
the inescapable manipulation carried on by
the sales oriented. media-blizted advertis-
ing world. drinks his coke and plays with

wtping tears away as the eternal
eauve must kiss her mortal lover good

      
    
  
   
    
  
 
 
 
  

atherlne Deneauve. unfortunately bet-
known for her consummate acting skills
Europe than the United States. is
wless as the ageless beauty whose sun
val relies on the blood and flesh of new
vets. She promises them love, and
veilasttng life while she mixes her blood
th them. The only catch is that. in pro-
sing life, she does not promise youiii.

 

      
  
   
  
   
 
   
  
 
  
  
  
 
    
  
   
  
  

and through the centuries her lovers are
‘doomed to a state of deatliless decay. cor-
pses of rotten ﬂesh yet breathing that

lie scenario: A recent controversial
Toutdaar party which ruilf rerrrain
nameless.

The only thing standing in the way of
what promised to be a good afternoon was
the weather. The first of three scheduled
bands played under an overcast sky. Then
the rain began to fall. Fear of electrocution
and certain equipment destruction per-
suaded the next two acts to stay off the

with audiences outside the music world for
his part as Deneauve's first lover. His
avant-garde acting roles in the past include
the briefly run Man Who Fall to Earth. Baal
in ti European revival of Bertoldt Brecht's
play of the same name. and the part of
John Merrick in the original Broadway pro
duction of The Elephant Man. Wlille
Bowie opens the rnovle with a song by the
English band Bauhaus. don't expect to see
The Hunger as a backdrop for Bowie. Hts
part is brief. perhaps only 30 minutes of the
entire movie. but oh what a 30 minutes it
is. The king of sophisticated understate-

‘The Last Train

to be gibberish. Nevertheless. I guess he
must have liked my reaction because he
pulled a bottle of Wild lrisli Rose out of his

back pocket and offered rite a drink. loblig-
ed

messing with scag." | asked Roger oii mi-
pulse

tliiiik he repeated it several times

tutti him on to some but was afraid he‘d

locking of bolli limelessness and decay.

"Ya look pretty wasted. mart. you been

“i know about scag." he slurred. |
l was

tempted to ask Roger if he wanted me to

making an effort (except for one fit of
anger) urilrl you lirid he's made you tatch
your breath and cry.

I watched what Frank Langella did with
Dracula on Broadway to give sexiness a
whole new meaning. Lugosi's vampire was
sophisticated, Larigella's was sexy. but
iCaiherine lleneuve and Susan Saraiidon
take vampirism into the realms of erotic
high art. Not of the audience wasn't
prepared (after all. it was only an R rated
movie) for the steamy scenes of seduction
between these two women. 1 know i

to get out in "the real world." as it is known
in American folklore
Secondly. and perhaps more impor-
tarilly. If I stay here any longer l'm going to
l’lld up lilt'tl. If not tiiore fried than
Roger.
l'd say 1 have put in over till) “produc-
tion nights" up here. For those of you who
don't know what a production night is.
maybe i should provide a brief description.
'l‘hesc dreaded days fall on Mondays and

At times. the movie is violetil-ankh dag-

ger». slitting the iugulars of hapless victims.
At other times. ii is wetly suggestive--
silhouettes of
irioittlies. a captured strand of spittle heir
ween them And. at other times. the sheer
beauty of the sets and the locations will

Bowie's anti Derieuve's

make you (otget the characters briefly. The
lfunger is like no Iiorror~love story you
have ever seen before. it will thrill you.
disturb you, tingle you down the back of
your spine. it is simply an insatiable movie
that will leave you hungry for more.

s'age‘ 'i'hursdays. Wednesdays for Aspects The-

   
   
   
    
  
  
    
   
 
 
 
 
  

hls pet rock. a student who has done no

 

 

 

are all tremendous. LI. "ii the dog that
call my bluff.

 

 

..
.. lives in my house and i re u h t L G
. p 0 up more than play softball and odiate. . , - r - -
.- often (or is it a. too a .ytumptmn C C ee reenstein ponders on the morals and an; or the Wayne Peereboom Ab""t”“5""‘“~ "“'“““‘”“‘“"""7"““‘” '“"“””""y 9‘9"" "101""? ' MAM" 'f'i'b
my bed and (taking my. nice incessantly, is   Mr Lemuel Smith case. the absurdity of . . .- "’ Change "'9 mpic 0' "m (Unvers'mnnn "' “in”: 7"? m] J " ind tl-ct':):xt'i 
‘ tremendous. "Cloud." that God-likefi are C T l I . t.d and 7155‘" he articulame noted “I m .i tie "its in triotuc s 1 e o r
9 amus. and the genius of the Galllleo The party Probably would lich ciirc lgmrsmt and I gum pissu ya know‘ yd klmw NOW. W m 12 of mesa produdmn

"gh' 'hen " no' '0' 'he 40 kegs "'a' wcw nights will begin to take their toll on the

method. The learning environment ever
typical ASP person. There are a number of

that we all know and revere.thinks that she chool has been intermittently v"
makes the trees reach higher. what I mean.

sitting in a large refrigerated truck off to the

   

  
  
  
 
    
   
  
      

   

  
  
   
  

  

 
  
  
 

   

       
     
  
    

  

 
  
  
  
   
  
 

‘ ﬂ should be called Licky. 1 don't know. cliool has been ruining college life S ruining college for four years s n e '
‘  n Ah yes. college life. the good life. Jacks for me for the past four years. i now...l must emphasize intermit- I leave you Wllh the (OHOWlngi pleasure- slt‘le- it seemed the parfeCt WW t0 (0'99' "0" '0' 'l' ' mm" "gu'h'g "c d ""w " J .t [I I c, . hat a“ as you
‘ . ‘* with LuAnne. sneaking your friends into came to this bastion of (entry. This view ls 5hawd by many a seeking as a way of life is fine. but what of ' about the drab. cool, rainy day and push walk to the bushes. But i think Roger took outwarc sigtts‘xglti I tllhewtlgvns-ﬂijould b‘; .e—
the quad cafeterias. driving with Artie. knowledge four years ago. a name, SUNYA.ne and cottegtans tn genera] [rm Pleasure? One great poet whose name and Sunday's hangover back to Monday. me the wrong way. bttll gruriibling 'gotta   an ’Ivjdutlzt. on TSCSduys and
watching_T.V. with my idols in Stoner's boyishly handsome seventeen year old. ex- sure. Callous and un-loyal asl may belwill poem 95531395 me- wrote this last line on And so 400 or 500 people stood dilitk‘ piss. ya know." i felt him grab my arm. Asl S'TL '.' VA .:,..'"1 Ur caution 15 (Quad for
chamber while tunester Elton John wat- pecting to learn. in my foolishness 1 ex- betray this oath and state the following' M5 dealh bed “5 halhougl‘" Of a“ the things h‘90“) Of White plaSth Genes“? CUPS While "'Ukcd Up '0 "ear "'5. no“ wl'rds U' “Kalli-r before linking WW diagl‘OSls'
ches over you. are indeed all glorious ac- pected to do that learning in a classroom. 1 This is a narrow-minded way of thinking he cou'd have 'lve‘l' lovedr and “Perle”? "5""ng prelend ll really wasn'l ra'n'ug‘ A5 W'Sdmn' ' 'wa'd " 'r'Ck'e "mmg "m film/“tn! - es in fonts also indicate drutl
tivitles that l have had the good fortune of expected it to come from books. it We got- and is the antithesis to the learning and EC" “nlSl‘ed Will“ u” I had ‘0 Choose bet‘ [he alml‘Ol began ‘0 lake die“ if many gm'md' ' 'Onked down' He was bd-w'y l'd'ylf' 'Lll :u phaue any doubts you
indulging in duran my stay (which ten onething outof my experience here, it growing that cart occur in four years _ 0. ween paln and nothing. i WOUld choose didn’t matter it it was raining. “‘155'”9"‘V sneak” '90' "way "m "'m7 {'1‘ 'Ci'io'Lti' yrolesslonal help '
thankfully isn't over) at SUNYA- Gosh. I is that those things that i thought i was go- even five. pain." No this man was not a sadist. lust A5 my eyes scanned the CYOWd- l “min qu'Ck' when ' 'Urjked back "mm-was "."HJ age‘dﬁfgs'gdii )ngsibly a glided 100k in
10W "‘ HOW Ca“ V0“ nut? HOW can ing to college for: knowledge. career Self-righteouslyltell you that college has one Who aPPYeClated that (ecllng and do ared faced man of about 40 mingling with CirC'L’ Of People "round "'m‘ “my ("r ' the eyes
anyjtpe not like a place where you can preparation. etc.. are only secondary and boundless offerings. and l condemn those "‘9 l5 llle~ people. Some people talked to him while Plau‘lcd When he was ""ls'md _5hummg or the {em 'perhaps with the
’93 ‘Vvemu'e 0‘“ 0WD” home and an“ d Supplementary What happened is that my who fall to take advantage. For not only - i also leave with these mandates of col- o'he's BVOldEd mm as lhough he was a The scenario. The Aspomm' 11430.,“ | fooiware unlaced; :

 
 

-Clotl‘ies that do not fit properly due to
pour care;
hair not properly groomed;
—Gerierally tired and overworked ap-

leper. This was not your average 40 year
Old male. American folklore would refer to
him as a "burn." He was dirty. unsliaven
and looked like he had been drunk for

short. pleasant stroll wind up at 452 Yates.
where you're bound to find Jim attentively
watching some great event on TV. whether
it's the North Carolina-Virginia basketball

values have not so much changed as
grown and focused.

What are the important things in life? Are
they not merely the enjoying of it? Who's to

 

am now about nine hours over deadline
The people in the next room are starting to
me funny looks every time i walk lli
But what the hell this is my last

does apathy and lack of involvement inhibit
growth but eventually it diminishes the
quality of one's life.

Learning is spiritually exponential. it‘s a

lege:

 
  
 
  
 
   

  

1. Take your time —— dropping out or
temporarily withdrawing is no longer a four

 
  
 
  

give

   
 
 
   
 
    

  

  
 
  
 
 

  

game on ESPN for the 12th time or just the say that worrying about becoming an ac- bug that is attainable through movement 'el'er wn'd‘ “l’m” lhiee 99315 S‘Talghl- t'hc mun" l H t "a .bL Pedant";

- . . l - . , . . - I — p I. I
Iright miment/ir‘f‘ the movie Swamp Thing. countant is more important that worrying but once caught it is easily subject to 2. Take advantage — there‘s too much [was carrying a rather awkward coriver- Issuii. andlmi‘ll .‘r'f'  keepith my body -Ertdtlc ltt’thiUr dull 5WNW 0U) dining
.2. w an rienne Barbeau s ation with a woman from the past when l l 1‘ U” V “ 9 ‘ bdngmg on this conversation.

quite
prevalent left breast is exposed (incidental-
ly. for those of you who are interested. this
historic occasion occurs at precisely one
minute and four seconds into the movie) or
merely another gleeful viewing of The Odd
Couple. Speaking of The Odd Couple.
Jim. who has been lovingly referred to as
“Betamax with arms and legs." and his
housemates Dave 2.. Dave (3.. and. last
but certainly not least. Mark W.. "Mr. Odd.
Couple” himself. recently named (with a
little help from me) all 114 episodes. the
bulk of which was done in an astonishing

about Tom Seaver going 11-11 in 1975
because of his sciatic nerve? Why have we
been compelled to feel that studying Aristo-
tle's Rhetoric should take precedence over
an Odd Couple party in Stoner's room?
Why have we come here, and made some
of the strongest. deepest ties that we ever
will, only to abandon them upon gradua-
tion In our pursuit of a good career? Why
do We consistently isolate ourselves from
each other? Where have our priorities
come from?

There is a "logic" that will answer these
questions with a reply like. “there are more

pressure from its ever-tempting roommate
—— pleasures of the flesh. You can't possess
lady knowledge and eat her too, or at least
according to the dictum at the top of the

   
   

offered to be believed and it may be soon

' i oiiig and my hands
unavailable or you ll soon be unable. J

keyboard is the massive amounts of caffine
that I have been pumping into my body
ay. As for my mind. I
it about an

It seems it logical question would be.
why do people put themselves though all
this? To tell you the thrulh. after all this
true l'm really not sure. All i can say is that
it's worth it and believe it or not. l'll miss it ‘
To go beyond this would take tip much
triore time and space than i have here.

Time and space are things l'm running
out of here. llhink ill go to my car. pull the
‘ilird parking ticket from under the wind—
shield wiper and head to the Embassy Club
and join Roger for a drink. lZl

 
 

ell a tug on my arm. i turned around to
find the bum. “How ya doing." i said as we
hook hands. He seemed ready to talk but 1
liter and suspicious at the same time.
lasked the guy what his name was and
e mumbled something which i really ' l””” "'3" “'1'”
' ouldn't understand. i decided to pick a ‘ilil‘c “l "15:51:33"
ame out at rando n. i asked if his name 0“ “"1" ' I . r ) H
65 Roger. Mole incomprehensable NIL’r tWU illitl n lialfkor iltlr::lt:.b(i)lLtllIiuL)
umbling as he looked at me cockeyt'd yams # In'watyhhseu/ﬁc i  ':l1:!ttl i see
hile weaving back and forth. ldecldedbto   haglf‘g‘rju'L '
me ul ’ ‘ , I
nggerlfeoledlt'l;'lldarl'diff'seemud ‘ WW'EW

 
 
 
 
  
  

  

  

3. Take in the environment — “smell the
roses" so to speak.

 
 

throughout the d
think i realized that was tion
ii i tried to drink out of the
can [believe that I am on

    
   
   
    

ge.

But herein lies the narrowness: a 4.0 is
not knowledge and pleasure should not be
fulfilling animal needs only. if pleasure's
values are changed then it is no longer the
adversary of knowledge. What l'm sug-
gesting is that the twain should meet.

The optimal place for knowledge and
pleasure to meet are in one's career.
Wouldn't that be wonderful. to sincerely

 
    

  

4. Take chances — throw yourself into
something that you think you won't like;
you'll be the better for it.

    
   

  

    
   
     

5. Take mushrooms — they're natural
and therefore safe, they're only a couple of
dollars. and you’re guaranteed to learn at
least one invaluable lesson and have the
time of your life.

  
      
    

       

 

  
    

 

     

 

 

  

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

    

 

