 

 

 

up"
a
n-
l
t.
it
,.
t

 

8 Sports October ALBANY STUDENT PRESS r3 OCTOBER 78, 7983

Intramural Standi

As of Wednesday, October 12

1A-A

Bored of Ed ‘ S-t)
Easy’s [3&6 3-2
Anonymous 3-3
Now Defuncked 2-3
Rippers out of league
1A-B

Full House 5-0
Baby Bubba 4-2
Big Monsters 2-2
Oat Eaters l-6

1A-C ‘

Camp Ranger Buddies 5-0
Black Knights 4-2
Icemen 2-3
The Boys 0-8
1 3-D

Dead Comings ti-ti
Sub (‘lub h-U
Knight I-lawks 3-5
Rubber in the Mound 3-5
Bears (Hi
1 B-E

Moondogs

Misfits

Snakes

Dough Cheese .\ Saute
Martins Rollers

1B-F

 

Block of Beagles 7-()
Uncle Johns Band 4-2
Skabochy Bros. 3-3
Yowsters 3-4
Bishops 0-8
1 3-0

Agents of Fortune 4-l
NJFF .l-l
Anal Intruders 3-2
Pelvic Thrusts 2-3
Detectors I -(i
1 B-H

Renegades b- |
Madmen 4-3
Moisture Missles 3-3
Dinks (i-tl

 

 

 

2-I

Pub Club 5- l
12th Precinct 3—l
Rebels 2-3
Vegetables 2-4
Terrorists I-4
2-l

Morris Hall B-(l
Loud Family 4-3
Sperm Bank 3-3
Sam’s Team t-4
Men w/o Bats I-5
2- K

Rabinowitz 8-0
State Bombers 5—3
Spikes or Spuds 0-8
Gargoyles (3-8
Psycho Killers (3-8

Hiking and camping

<7

The Clarksvtlle Laws are also the site of
the timing (Ilub's annual Ilalloween i’arty.
according to Rachel (Iain, trips director.
"We go way back into the caves and party irt
a huge room with real bats flying arottnd. It's
a real blast."

information about how to reach the caves
is most easily found out by gelling in touch
with the Outing Club, The club meets every
Wednesday in LC 22 .it B pan. At meetings,
club members divide up to talk to the leaders
of the trips they’re interested in. Many limes
there are seminars held afterwards that teach
about first aid, how to pack and other skills
related to enjoying the outdoors safer that
are free and open to anyone.

The single best source of information
about campsites and ski areas is the ()tlting
Club Library, whit h (ontains information on
just about every trail anti peak in New York
$tale. there are also books on how-to
everything and listings of tanoe, kayak and
sailing rentals,

If you are interested iti doing .i touple of
weekends in the mountains of New York,
bill you don't own equipiilent, r you‘d like to
learn skills like speltltiking, rock t limbirig or
winter mtiuiitaineering, wining the Outing
(flttl) is probably the best way to do it. lhe
group's organi/ation is very loose and the
low illeitibership fee will with tax cartl, $15
without) allows yoti to borrow any of the
club‘s equipment, whit h int ludes‘ cross-
country skis, bark-packs, camping stoves,
tents anti even eight sailboats. As a member.
you can learn from experienced t'lub
tiieinbers and go on t'lltl) trips or you can just
borrow equipment and go out with your
friends.

Dippikill, Mohawk, Saratoga and
(Ilarksville are just a few of the thousands of
spots you can Visit. Said Wemple, "I could
name Silt) spots off the top of my head,
there's so much there." All you need is a lit-
tle organi/alion and imagination to have the
weekend you’ve been wishing for. l l

Torheels

Dicks

Key Biscayne Yacht
ATS

Acme Ball Club

2-M

Ilurleys Schmeckles
Who Gives a Shit
Waiting for 8

Tail Gunners

Mass Confusion

2-N

Brew Crew ||
Bayonate Bandits
Capt. Crunch Crew
Skoal Club
Dutchmen

3-0

Lezbe/latnikius

No Deposit/No Return

Stodges
(jumbas
In Memory of [Join

0—8
0-8

  
   
   
   
   
   
  
    

ngs

‘3-P ,

We Are the The Team 8-0
The Deal ti-Z
Vigilantes 4-4
Black Labels . 0-8
Dirty Dirtbags (Hi
4A-Q

Kool 8: The Gang 6- I
Mixed Monsters 5-0
Easys [3&6 5-2
FOS 3-5
ice 2-()
Gladiators 0-8
4 B-R

Tailgunners 7-t)
Hell’s Angels 4-2
Keg Killers l-l
P] I -.’i

4B-S

ll Blister "i t)
We Kit k ()ltl latlies -i-.'
Anal Intruders .! "r
('lt-ety is Cleavage tl-lt

4B-T

Loony Tunes tr-tl
NY Yankees -l-J
Musical Youth int
The State I--l
4B-U

Mixed Vegetables 5-0
Sylvia Strikes Back 3-2
In Memory of Lil 2-2
Derelicls‘ (i-ll

AMIA News.

As the regular season comes to a close to-
day, the AMIA has announced that the soft-
ball playoffs will begin tomorrow, October
19. Soccer playoffs are set to begin the ear-
ly part of this week. At present most playoff
races have been decided while a few re-
main in question.

With the fall sports season rapidly draw-
ing to .1 close, the council has announced
that the interest meeting for basketball is to-
day at 4 pin. in LC I9, and the hockey
meeting will be tomorrow at 4 p.m., also in
LC I9. Rosters are currently available in the
AMIA office, located in the gym. Bond
money for both sports will be $25 per team.

The council, in line with their softball
league, has decided to form a new.
somewhat less competetive League i for
hockey. lhis league, the council is hoping,
will encourage more students to lldlllt'lptllt'
in the sport.

AMIA President Vinny (firtllo appointed
senior Phil Stein as treasurer at last lhuis-
day’s council meeting. ‘ ' l i

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

E TTERS

ommunity support

0 the Editor: V

Recently, the University, with the ASP as the vehicle, has
ccicvcd some altcntion in regard to accessibility for
Iudcnts with disabilities at SUNYA. I am always pl 'tlscd
licn voices other than the disabled arc rrtiscd to draw at
when to important issues relative to tltc disabled com-
tunity. It makes me feel that at long last, pcoplc are finally
cginning to realize tltc meaning of the word
‘communlty".

Since that first letter to tltc Editor appeared iii tltc ASP,
wc have had the following happen:

I. Fcaturc article in the ASP about access for lltt.‘ disabl-
cd.

2. Feature article iii the VOICE about Disahlcd Strident
Services.

3. Members of tltc Circle K Club cantc forward to work
as volunteer readch for blind sltldcnls.

4. Outreach from the highcsl ccltclon of lltt.‘ Studcnt
Association to assist in furthering architectural accessibility
on campus.

5. Notification that IS ncw clcctric door openers havc
bccn rccclvcd tin—campus and will soon he installed.

while much still needs to be doncI we are well on our way
and should take pride iii our accomplishments. I fch vcry
fortunate to be part of a community that cares about im-
proving thc quality of life for all students; thosc who rcprc-
scttl tltc tninority as well as tllc inaiority. Many pcoplc on
this campus are working diligently to scc what itic disabled
havc art equal opportunity to succeed on our ctunpus. I am
grateful for your support and your collcctivc voic .
— Nancy 1.. llcltiwiclt

 

Director. Disabled Stride/II Services

Coop oration please

'I'n tltc Editor:

This fall I moved into tltc \\'cllingttrn Student Annex in
downtown Albany. l’coplc |i:t\c often asked me two qucs-
tinns: Isn‘t it lonely and lioting‘.’ No, tat from it. 'I lie pct)-
plc llL‘f‘ arc just as friendly and tun-lining as their on.
campus counterparts. but picfcr tlic piixac) the Hotel pru-
\idcs. The second question is in\tiiitt|ilc cottcci iiuig tltc lttts-
\lL' gutting ttptovvn for'clitsscs. meals and \ttt‘ll'.‘ I'Iiis unt‘oi-
titiiatly requires an affirmative answer, but for only one
lctisotl.

In the afternoon, uritil tltc cud of the dinner hour. tlic
buses hccoinc ci'owdcd as tltc oft-campus students head
home. The majority of these livc bctwccn (‘lctnrout and
Quail Slrccls. with ()5 pcicciit :it Alumni Quad. the pro-
blcm is that most of these lend to jump on tltc first bus that
tittivcs regardless of its cvcntutil destination. This ctcatcs
a massive problem for those passengers who live beyond
Drapci llall. Sittcc Ilic bits has liluitcd space, it lollows
logically that only a cc ' amount of people call ritlc. If it
Wcllington studcnt urrivcs :tflct tltc bus is pacltcd or is at
tltc end of tltc linc. he has to wait it half all hour for the nest
\Vcllingtnn bus to conic bccattsc a selfish and inipattcnt
Alumni stitdctil can't wait tltc tivc or ten minutes for the
Alumni bus.

lictwccn l2:()0p.ni. and (i:(le.tIl. tltci'c arc 5.1 Alumni
buses that lcavc the Circle with 7 double-inns (the buses
Icaving at tile satnc Iitnc) btit thct'c arc only l5 Wellington-
liuund with no double-runs. We do not need tltc cvtt‘a
buscs, htit we do need the consideration of thusc students
who ride the Wcllingtotl buses when they should be on tltc
Alitniili oncs. Wc arc not tclling them not to tide them at
all, bill to keep off them between I2 arid () pan.

 

In tltc next few wecks.Wcllington Association Cards will
go on sale. They will not only serve as a sort of lax-card for
W.A.Il. functions, ' alien. The Wcllington
Association Board asks all bus drivers on tile Wellington
run to ask (preferably demand!) to see tltcsc cards bctwccn
tltc specified hours. With their cooperation and a little con-
sidcration from tltc Alumni residents who take the wrong
bits. cvcryonc will be much happier.

 

—l.ltit Kaufman
W. A. I). . Reprcscn tati vu

Not an inside View

To the Editor:

What would my German countrymen think, if I were to
return home from a three-month trip to the United States
and present them with a so-callcd "inside view" of what
America is like by writing an articlc tor the local
ncwspapcr. I could generalize in tire article that American
food is exceedingly incdiblc and quite greasy, that tltc
govcrnmcnt and university would cease to function if tltch
\vcrc some sort of computer breakdown, that nothing can
bc arranged without lilting ottt stupid forms in triplicate.
that Americans behave superficially and narrtnvmindcdly
towards forcigncrs and tend to despise non-wltitc fcllow
citilcns. that American men an: "high strung, high pcrfor-
tiiancc tlttits...whosc clashing ambitions arid cgos make for
tntich back-stabbing" (Quutc front Mr. Kacatidcs' article),
that American students lack inaitllcrs and l)L‘lltl\C qtiitc likc
thc avcrtigc sclf-ccntcrcd lwo-ycar olds in dormitories. that
Amcrican school bus scrvicc rtttts iricgultuly and iucfl'i-
cicntly to say tltc lcast, and that cvciythiiig in lltis cutintrv is
quite cxpcnsiv- and for a poor pcison to stll'\l‘vL' on what
the bourgeois thinks is appropriate is quite unrealistic. Of
course, time are gcitctali/utinns, not well-thougltt-out
observations of thc sociological and antliioptiligical habits
of Americans. Basically what these are tut.- what New
Yorkers cttll a kvclch. By the way, I IlL'\L‘I did iiilcrid to
write ati article about the iicgttlitcs oi \tttious clichcs ot
Atnciictt. lIl his lltllt'lt.‘ about (It-initiity. "An American in
Munich: An ltlsitlc Vicxt". l'orn Kticandcs picscnts himscll
as a Sociological obscrvoi who unfoi ltIIltIIlL‘) sccnis to lack

tltc qualities which enabled it pctsou to gi\ c a realistic and
profound view til it country. lhcsc qualitics lllt‘ a feeling
for tact, tltc tctitlincss to lctttti, the Itilr'tttiicc to .ivcvpt dit-
l’ctciiccs and to lime tlic llltlltllll) Io c\:uiiiiic why they c\
isl, and tltc l'L'spL'CI of lltc dignin of other human beings.
Ncctllcss to say, Ml. Kttctttidcs‘ tuticlc was written limit a
sotiicwhnt hittct‘, cthnocctltt'ic poittt nl \lC“. Such ti modc
of opinion would only lctid any attical ltllti liypcibolcs, ot-
I'etisi\cticss and many tinttutlis. It this is Illll tltc case. tlictt
it is beyond my comprehension llll“ lie was able to write
such a tlcstiuctbc titticlc giving only ilcgalhc llll|llt‘s\ltltls
of ii country arid its pcnplc which lic sctiicclv knows. I arii
story that Mr. Kticaildcs lltltl such it litid llIlIL' in (icrman).
but pcrhaps it was his attititdc of llt’gtlllHI) tlictc that led to
llIL' (icrmtm's strange bchavioui towards him. th.
somehow, it sccms odd to inc that during his llllt'L' month
stay in Munich, Ihcrc was only a "till-slop series of cuibtir-
itissing and unhappy encounters with (icimaus titid through
this he dcvclopcd such aversion to them. l)ltl he not time at
lctlsl one happy moment thcrc'.’

Along witlt many international and Amer ican \ltttlcllls, I
fclt very angry about tltc contents of his article and | aiti
shockcd that such wcak journalistii could be published iii a
tcspcclablc Ilewsptipcl'.

Matty of Mr. Kticandcs‘ gcnctali/Ltttons are not pat
Iictllarly tit'citt'tttc iioi are they gciman syndromes tlltiric.
l’oi cxatllplc, the "need for regulation" and huictiuctucy is
to he found in all modern, tlcritnctativ nations. further-
more, wlicicvcr‘ people with tlil'l'cicnt cultural backgrounds

 

 

Established In 1916
Mark Guitar. Editor Ill Ctnnt
Patrlcln Mltcllnlt. Lin Straln. Managing [rt/rots

. .. Slevu Full Anthony Stlllcl
.Hoitli Gratta. tloti Gaul-rum

, . ,, .. Gall Mtltrtill
Dave L l Ldflklﬂ

John Kn tart
JuriasNaelctitii
Lisrirtuo Sokolnwskr

.,. ,,. .. .Mttii: l“azliwriir
.Markttivtrte.1nrri Kacattttutl

, . Ellwltltl l‘lulttott

IErt Mttruttatcti

 

Now: Edllotl , . . . . , . . . ..
[towel-to Now: Editor:
ASPacII Editor . . , . . . . . ., ... , .
AlloclntoASPIotI Editor l -u-- -
llonitIEdilotH   ---
Sound Editor.
Vlllon Editor . .
Sport: Editor ... ..
Alloclnto Sparta Edttara ..
Editorial Faun Editor. - -
Photography Edltnr . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . .,

 
 

 

  
 

 

Contributing Edllnfl: Dunn Burr. Dutqu .tuttnu, Wayne l‘tltllLtiotllti, cuitoitnt
Aulltanll: Mtitldl Kurt, Sluvu Marita, Knittt Mtlltltlt, staff writers: Gtrtafttiurul,
Suzanna Abnlti, Marc Deruittn. Juny Crtritpinrtu, tlnrtn Ullﬂtlu, tlun (rotllml.
Nicola Kuyc. Mtko Grnnnltnttt. Kill Martini, tttitrnil Mattinirtnn, bavtu
Mll‘llllllltit)", Mall Nichols, Jim 0' ‘ illtvari, Li/ Reich, Ellen Santasieru, Atari
Sontktu, Mlttn tntrtttoti, Fatty Tincirtui, Melin ttlnn, Mark Writ) int, Adam wits
Spnntrunt and Event: Editnu. tunl Ulllullmﬂ. i-a-n tlnrrrnrnmi

   

 

 

llady ttrntlni, Itirsnir-s starraarvr
Judy anul. Associate tin-.nnrsr. Managiu
Jana lllrlclt, Al/vrrrtislrry Atarnigm
Mlltu Klalmur. Sales Manager

 
 

ayrnaii. Hanoi-t- fl.-
Gay en.

Susan Motrin)th
.leitiitler Bloch

 

Billing Accountants
Payroll Supervisor

OttlcoCnordlnnloi
Classified Manager 7
Contpnslttan Manager . Mickey frank
Advertising Sales: Mark Slltibilhllt, lloti Cuieau. Iticli Gui t in. Steve tether»
mart. Danielle Kaimet, Advnlllslnn Producllon Managers: Julie Math. Itiioutla
Willl Advalllsllla Production: Alliy Altt'lriolltl. Jackie Dutttllt). Lori L htioll,
lJt'lllll' Fltetlirt, Lisa Ketl, l Ithi Maltilt a, l’aigtr Matctis, [llyrl Mufti, Sharon
oktin, ttaitiitt ttyarr, Lynne Sit-pet. Steven Zi-ipt-i

 

 

 

Molly f’iull. t’rottutrlmrr Manager

Clilol Typnsaltor , ,. . .. Catnle tlyatl
Pasta-tip: Unrtna Agtitar Sun I’atziitrtsky. tltib Stekl, tloattiui Sandritir Typists:
Jun (Zapozxolt. tricey Hnyinan, Virginia Huber. FL‘lIEU mass. Still Millrgan.
ltolly flaw Dllvtll: Erlc Dull

 

l'irntoutaplty principally supplied by University Ptinto liorvii e, .t student
group
Cltlnl Photographer: Susan Elaine Mintticti. UPS SlBtt: Artty tintien. Sherry
Ctilltttl, Hamlet ltlwtii [ti Maturistmi, Lots Mattaiioni, Ltsa tariirnn ., Erica
Sputpui. Walton Stout, .Itln Valentino, frank Wepultru
Entire contents copytlalll It)“ Albany Student Press Corporation. all
rights touivud.

lllt' Allttttiy liltitlelil l‘te: , pilltli'mtill lttl'sllﬂyii .illtt l'riilaytr liolwtrtrtt
Auuur and Juan by UN) Albany Student Press Corporation, all iitttiipt-ntteiit
tint tor pinltt corporation

tEtltItritalu tttl' written by the, Editor itl lilllt'l wtlll members. at the Editorial
tlnant, policy r.ittll]l‘t.l tn rnvrnw by the rational lloartt (:ninrnnr. .unwrtttnn
liy rrrnmnun, nt iiiu nnrvm .ay tarnnnrrniy and tin tltll net essattty It-plnituilt
.iltlritMl pnltty Attveiti-arnr [itillLy ante. nut in lllll,‘ mitt-rt t‘tltlllllrtl

 

 

 

policy

Martin” altar
Alluliiy lillilll'lll tin-sat, t t. :lz'ti
t-llll) t’vtishuintun Avi-
Albany, NY .22
tbtll) 4!il-tllltl?t(lll22l£l.’llil)

 

 

E
a

 

 

 

livc togctltcr side by side onc will find some individuals
behaving in racist manners. Not that German racism Is
above criticism. bill I feel that such racism is not all that
prevalent in Germany as compared with the United States.
The attitudes harbored against guest workers not only cx-
istt in Germany. either as I have been told of the attitudes
against Mexican "illegal" aliens and other non-white guest
workers. _

I find it not worth my energy to refute cvcry accusation
of Mr. Kacandcs as by tltc virtucs ofthis letter I hope I have
bcgun to ntrllify most of the prejudicial stcrcotypcs he tries
to pcrpctuatc in his article. I would, however. Ikc to point
out that not all gcrmans arc bond with blue cys and this is
especially true in Southern Germany. So. where I would
like know. did Mr. Kacandes see all these Aryan
stcrotypcs? I have lived in Germany for 24 years and have
never witncsscd such a strange parade of blondcs.

His writing has absolutely no contributin to further
undcrstariding and tolerance between different peoples, but
rathcr a provocation. and that is such a pity.

— Marllnn Hoffmnnn

Noise pollution

To the Editor:

Onc score and roughly scvcn ycars ago. our founding
fathch brought forth upon this university a library. con-
ceived for educational rcscarch, and dedicated to tire pro-
position that tlll patrons will KEEP QUIETII For all who
havc recently visited tltc tip-town campus library. it is clear
that this statement has little bearing upon tltc students at
SUNY Albany.

With clusscs tlttdcr way and tilidtcrms approaching. our
library has bcconic an increasingly pitotal placc for conccn-
Iratiuii, "motivation, and most tccciitly, socialization.
lliiiemial expansions and ltl’t'gtlllll l-‘rcnch \cihs are now
sludics amidst a cacophony of discussions cunccriting vary-
ing nail polish prices, tlic stability of Richard Todd's pass-
ing pcrcculagc and ti Iltucc Spriiigstccn lunc leaking from
the cuiphoncs of a may Walkman. l€ach ncw visit bccumcs
iitotc cluttcrctl “llll noise. and c\cry additional student
seems to “itiisc the \olirmc.”

l)cspiic tltc riidcitcss of this intrusion. it is a harsh
breach of tradition and ptiiiciplc. the library, which has
always been a slablc source of tranquility within this liar-
t’icd ctltilpiis atiilosphcic is now slowly losing its statitrc to
this “noise pollution." When "libtaiy ctlngicgutinn"
becomes synonymous with “intcipcrwnal conversation,"
the maturity and rcspcctfulitcss of tltc students at SUNY
Albany bccoiitcs qucstionublc.

   

~— Susan (itiltlstnlth

 

llolltiuu int-u smut.

 

"l6 IT 6151‘”qu Hitﬁba? For: you 10
bar mail 10 slow: empewrs
biz. some ,7"

 

 

 

 

Letters

to the editor should be typed, no more
than 350 words in length, and include
the name and plume number of tlic
(mt/tor. Nantes may be willie/(I on
request.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

-..,.. A... _ , __ u h

 

