.‘ -
2 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS (3 SEPTEMBER 23.1983

 

Riots leave 11 dead

Manila, Philippines
(AP) President Ferdinand Marcos Thurs-
day raised the threat of reimposing martial
law and ordered his troops to shoot if
necessary to counter anti-government rioting
that left ll dead and 200 wounded.

But he said he was not thinking of reim-
posing martial law l'right now."

The street violence Wednesday - exactly
one month after the assassination of opposi-
tion leader Benigno Aquino - was the
bloodiest in Marcos' 18-year rule.

“l warn the opposition - do not force my
band. do not compel me to extremes that you
already know of." Marcos said in a national-
ly televised address Thursday. The “ex-
tremes" were an apparent reference to the
imposition of the martial law in I972.

Although Marcos lifted martial law in
1980. strict controls remain. He said an order
he had given to the military to observe "max-
imum tolerance" with demonstrators. in-
cluding banning anti-riot troops from carry-
ing guns. was being reversed.

French Strike back

Beirut
(AP) At least four French jet ﬁghters bomb-
ed Druse positions in the mountains
overlooking Beirut Thursday in the first air
attack by any member of the multinational

peacekeeping force since it was deployed
more than a year ago.'U.S. warships shelled
Druse positions earlier in the day.

Western military sources said the Super
Extendard fighter jets took off on the bomb-
ing runs fromrthc carrier Foch after six
French peace keepers were wounded in two
separate attacks in west Beirut. A Druse
rocket also blew up the main ammunition
durnp ofthe italian peacekeeping contingent.

The French contingent of the multina-
tional peacekeeping force went on alert.
scrambling into sandbagged bunkers and fox-
holes as the jets from the Foch streaked
through the skies over Beirut.

Blast kills 1 Injures 2

Seoul. South Korea
(AP) An explosion blew' out the main en-
trance to the Amercian Cultural Center in the
city of Taegu Thursday. killing one South
Korean and injuring at least three others. of-
ficials said.

A US. Embassy spokesman in Seoul.
David Fitzgerald, said the blast was believed
to have been caused by some sort of bomb.
He said the American employed at the center
was not in the building when the blast occur-
red between 9:30 p.m. and 9:45 p.m.
Fitzgerald said the explosion killed one
South Korean outside the building and
seriously injured two others. One guard in
the center was cut by flying glass and a se-
cond guard was not hurt. he said.

No l'tre followed the explosion. Fitzgerald
said. South Korean police in Taegu. I70
miles southeast of Seoul. said only that they
were investigating.

 

NIONWIDE

   

Court orders therapy

Knoxville. Tenn.
(AP) A preacher's daughter with a “red. hot.
angry" tumor received a small amount of
chemotherapy tbday under court order, but
her father pledged to continue ﬁghting the
treatment on religious grounds.

Pamela Hamilton. l2. received the
chemotherapy while sleeping at l:20 a.m..'
said Pat Kelly. spokeswoman for East Ten-
nessee Children's Hospital.

The therapy was ordered Wednesday by
the Tennessee Court of Appeals. Doctors
said the treatment gives the girl her only
hope of surviving. but she still has at most a
25 percent chance of recovery from the
football-sized tumor in her left leg. said Dr.
Frank Haraf. one of the girl's physicians.

Larry Hamilton, a pastor of the Church of
God of the Union Assembly in Lafollette.
has fought for two months to prevent use of
medicine on his daughter arguing that only
God can heal through faith.

Marine stay extended

Washington. D. C.
(AP) The House Foreign Affairs Committee
Thursday approved President Reagan's war
powers compromise with Congress. authori-
zing Marines to stay in Lebanon for 18 mon-
ths.

The 30-6 vote came as House Democratic
leaders. including Rep. Clement Zablocki.
chairman of the foreign affairs panel, sought
to quell a rebellion against the proposal in
their party ranks.

Earlier in the day. Zablocki. D-Wis..cx-
pressed anger at the House appropriations
committee for voting Wednesday night to
choke off funds for the Marine contingent on
Dec. I unless Reagan has accepted a 90day

war Powers Act limit on his power to keep ‘

troops on a battleﬁeld without congressional
approval.

Zablocki called the appropriations panel's
action an "unprecedented and unwarranted
intrusion" ‘on his committee's jurisdiction.
and asked House Speaker Thomas P. O'Neill
Jr.. D-Mass.. to refer the appropriations
panel‘s action to him for review.

STTEWDE

   

Fired, files toxic suit

Albany
(AP) State Attorney General Robert Abrams
says New York has taken the ﬁrst legal step
to enforcing the so-callcd worker‘s right to
know law. Abrams announced Thursday that
his ofﬁce has ﬁled suits on behalf of three
workers charging that they were fired for
seeking information about possibly toxic
substances they handled in the workplace —
facts they have a right to be told in New
York.
. The “right to know" law. created in [980.
is designed to give workers the power to learn
from their bosses what chemicals they tire be-
ing e\poscd to on the job. The measure re-
quires employers to teach their workers how

to safely handle any toxic substances used in
the course of their occupation. or refuse to
work with them if they aren't properly pro.
tected.

Abrams said one suit was brought on
behalf of Kathryn Stellrecht of Lackawnnna
who was fired from her lob as a technicitn in
January at Resin Optics. inc.. of Elman in
Erie county.

Court papers charge that Ms. Stcllrvlrt
who'd recently become pregnant. had re:
quested that the company detail uh.“
‘chemicals she worked with in the lens grin.
ding laboratory at Resin. Abrams argues in
papers before State Supreme Cotirt in file
County that the company refused. and when
she asked to be transferred to the Company's
office until Resin came up with the informa-
tion. she was fired.

727'hljacked to Cuba

New York
(AP) A man who claimed he had a bomb hiv
jacked an American Airlines 727 jet with II2
people aboard Thursday between New York
and St. Thomas and diverted it to Cuba. ni-
l'tcials said.

Robert Fulton. a spokesman for the
Federal Aviation Administration. «arid tilt:
plane landed in Havana "without tnciihht"
at 1:43 p.m.. following the hijacking .rt In 57
um.

Flight 625. a three-engine jet. lclI Kt'iiltt'tl}
Airport at l0234 a.m. bound for St. ihurnrn
in the Virgin islands.

Al Becker. an American Airline.
spokesman. said that moment» illlCT titkcull.
“the captain radioed and srtid he “its l‘tlng
diverted to Havana."

Cock’ it terror over

p Sift“ tru'
(AP) Passengers sltrickcd and the print
screamed “Get him off inc" when .i
passenger cut off fuel to one citgnrc on .r
commuter plane carrying I7 pcopic.

Police said the plane dropped “on leer in
less than six seconds. and passctigcts tcttottt'd
the aircraft nosedived. But airline oftlclrth
said that while there “may hinc been .1 dlttp
in the ﬂight path." there was “no dangcrnm
situation as far as we can tell."

As a passenger and the co-pilot girtmllctl
with the man. the pilot |e\clcd out the twn
engine Swearingen Metro 2 at 200 to 300 tcc-t
above the ground. said witnesses \\‘cductd.r:.

James Henderson, a Boston Ultl\cr\it)' lint
professor. held the man on the floor until the
plane landed safely Wednesday exciting .u
Hancock international Airport.

Charged with four counts of Stictttptcti
murder and held without bail pending .rr»
raignment today was Christopher Bradshaw.
27, of suburban BaldWlDSVlllc. said Syracu-c
police spokesman Rod Carr.

Haitian newsman shot

Nr'it l'rr't
(APlAn c\ilcd Haitian ncwspiipcr Plil‘lhiitf
\\ ho was shot outside his Brookl) n ironic it...
Slﬂlii because of his oppmitiott to the «in
tutorial rcgitiic of Haitian Pfc‘xltlL’ill-ltll'l ll“
icon-Claude “Baby Doc" i)u\iilicr. .icwt
tlinhg to the victim‘s son.
iiirmin Johnson. 51. ugis \lltll tultc Iii Il‘L
zibdomcn and once in the cited around 1” Ill
pm. Wednesday by two men uito .trprrm. i:
cd him (is he left his car .it thc corner I
L‘Iurkson Awnuc and lust 53rd St iic uni
pronounced tic-aid it short time l.ttct .rt Kin."
County Hospital.

PREVIEW OF EVENTS
13 E EELSIJW 

UCB and WCDB 91PM welcome
back students with a Rock N Roll
party featuring Aztec Camera and
The Bongos on Friday. September
30 in the Campus Center Ballroom.
Tickets are $4.00 with SUNV ID and
$6.00 without. Doors open at 7:30.

The Albany Area Chapter of
American Red Cross will conduCt a
sell-help comse entitled Vital Signs
at the Chapter House. Hachet Blvd
in Albany The course which rs
deSIgned to teach seltcare skills
will be held Tuesday and Thursday
evenings. October 4 and 6 from 7
p.m«tO p.m. For information call
462-7461.

The Cystic Flbroall Foundation
needs volunteers to help with the
Capital and AMClJeeleenault
Dealers Association Trleentennlal
10K run on October I. All volunteers
will receive a tree t-shirt for helping
along with free beer and soda after
the race. For more lnlormatlon call

The International Committee of
SUNVA Women's Club will be spon-
sottng an International Family stall
and student tea on Sunoav. October
2 at 3 p m, Dr. James McClellan will
be speaking about "Impressions
From Moscow." It will take place In
the Biology lounge room 248.

A Physics Colloquium entitled
"Diffraction Model Studies oI Eleo
trlcal Resistivity in Amorphous
Metals" will be held on Friday.
September 23 at 3:00 p.m. in PH 129.
The speaker will be Lawrence V.
Heisel.

The SA Group Fair will be held on
the podium Friday. September 23.
12 p.m.-4 p.m.

Student Affairs Division ls sponsor-
Ing a support service called Alter-
tatlve Learning Opportunities at
SUNYA. It will be held Monday
september 26 at 7 pm, In Lecture
Banter 3.

The Department of Communication
at the University of Southern Loui-
slana is launching a nationwide
talent search tor qualified black
students to people its graduate pro

gram. For more Information include
a resume and grade point average
with your application, Students
should apply to Dr. Gerald Flannery'
Graduate Coordinator. U.S.L.; Box
43650; Lafayette. LA 70504.

J5C~Hlll8l will hold an Interest
meeting for those Interested In
Hillel a magazine The Spirit. It will
be held an Tuesday. September 27
atogepm. IIn the Campus Center 361

x erence '
we weplcome- Is necessary and all
“Law School on Campus" will be
presented by the Center for
Undergraduate Education on Mon-
day. October 10 from 2:306 p.m. A
representative from the University
:IIStIChntonit Virginia School of Law

mac w th Interested seniors at
 36. For Information call

 

 

The Gay and Lesbian Alliance
welcomes any newcomers to their ;
meetings. The first one Will take .
place Tuesday. September 27. at
8:30 p.m.lnCampus Center375 The!
topic for discussion will be “Com-
ing Out and University Llle."

Women's Safety Awareness Days
will be held September 28-30 on the l
SUNYA campus. The program will 
Include panels, workshops and L
lilms dealan with such issues .15 .
Date Rape. Sexual Harassment.
and Women‘s Safety in Personal
Relationships. Featured speakers
will be Karen Burstein and Susan l
Schechter.

50nd will be sponsoring a Blood
Drive on Monday. Somatthr 26
from to am. to 4 p.m.. In the Cams
pus Center Ballroom.

 

 

 

. .. . .s......._......,...... E... .......,..«.,....-.......was..-.—

.n.i,..‘.,.—m............._. v”... H. E, ., .

  
 
 

MW;

‘ SEPTEMBER 23.1983 D ALBANY STUDENT PRESS, 3

Procedural error results in missed bus tee vote

 

By Nicole Keys

A resolution recommending the delay of a
proposed bus fee was not voted on at Mon-
day’s University Senate meeting because it
was mistakenly not labeled for action. accor-
ding to SA President Rich Scliaffer.

Schaffcr proposed the resolution recom-
mending thc fee not be imposed this
academic year to allow a task force assigned
by University President Vincent O'Lenry to
fully examine the issue and its alternatives.

The senate's Executive Committee voted
on Sept. 7 to take the resolution to the floor
of the senate its an itctn marked for action.
Schaffer said.

Senate proposals cart be headed as either

 

 

Student Association President Rich Schalter

"action" or "information" items. When
taken to the senate floor. only an action item
may be acted and voted upon. An informa-
tion item may only be discussed.

When University Senate members received
the agenda the Friday before the meeting, the
bus resolution appeared as an “information"_
item. according to Schaffer. He and others
said that apparently English professor
Ronald Bosco, the senate chair. had misinter-
preted the proposal from the Executive Com-
mittee. Bosco could not be reached for com-
ment. According to Kendall Birr. Chair of
the Executive Committee, the resolution was
intended to be an action item. “l assumed it
would cotnc to the senate for action.“ Blrr
said.

When the resolution was brought to the
floor as an information item. Cathy LaSusa.
University Senate liaison, moved that the
resolution become an action item placed
under new business, but failed to get the two
thirds vote necessary to secure the motion.
The vote was 35-35.

Monday's meeting was “the only time the
senate would have had to discuss and have
time to take action on the resolution." Birr
said. adding that the misinterpretation cost
students this chance.

The task force designated by O'Leary to
research the bus fee issue consists of three
students: Schaffer. Off-Campus Coordinator
Sue Aulctta. and Central Council tttcmber
Dave Silk; und three faculty members: Vice-

'\ .
_ , mﬁbﬂﬁln‘

 

 

The Illt'ult‘ng was Illt' only lt'Ine Ilte sorta/e had In Inky «Flinn-“rill l/It’ rat'ri/ult'un

Students left stranded in bus contract dispute

 

lly Jerry Cumplone

 

Apparent misunderstandings between the
Student Association and a bus company
hired by SA caused several ltundred students
to be stranded downtown Friday nigltt. ac-
cording to SA Vice-President Jeff Sclincidcr.

Schneider said the Folsmbec Transporta-
tion Company broke their contract by not
contacting SA within 72 hours. the tittic
period specified iii it contract mailed to
Folmsbcc in curly September. l-‘olsmbcc
tlisttgrcctl saying they had never even ttgrccd
to definitely do the job.

As it result of tire misuntlcrstttnding SA will
not be providing lute night bus service this
wcckcnd whilc it tries to find another corn-
.iitny. Scltncidci illltl SA l’togrinnining Direc-
tor Richtu‘d Golubow are now working on
finding it company tliut. according to
Scliiicidcr. “is efficient, dependable. and
reasonably priced." Hopefully. service will
be restored by ncxt l7l‘ltllly. llt,‘ added.

Despite the fact that this is whttt Schneider
calls “it bltttitnt breach of contract." he says
SA probably will not pursue lcgttl uction.
“Although Mttrk Mischlcr (SA Attorney)
said that we do have lcgttl rccoursc tigtiinst
tlicnt (Folsmbcc). he said it would take a long
time and cost money." Schneider iisscrtctl.
Besides, even if we did witi. i wouldn‘t trust
Folmsbee to do the job. They don't seem to
be dependable." '

For the past several years. said Schneider.

SA has provided free round~trip transportu~ V

tion downtown on Friday and Saturday
night. “as a community service." The
University only provides bus service during
library hours. he said adding. “SA fills a gap.
it's basically n bar run."

This year. Schneider and Golubow were
faced with it btidgct of $80 per night for the
service anti a raise in price of lust year's car-
rier. The Brennan Bus Co., from $70 per
night to $95.

After contacting several carriers. SA struck
tip an apparent orul agreement with the
Folrnsbee Co. for it price of $75 per night for

one year. Schneider said he did this despith

the fact tiiut he had been ttdviscd by Ann
Marie Lui’ortu. last year's SA Vice-
Prcsidcnt. not to use them. The price was the
lowest he could find. however, and. since
budgeting. for the service was tight. ltc felt
obligated to save the students' money.

lit late August. uflcr milking the ttppttrcnt
tigrccmcnt. Golubow drcw tip it contract
which stittcd thc price. the bus stops and lite
fitct thiit payment for the service would "be
rnttdc lll ittlvtincc upon receipt of It bill." The

 

 

“We have 92
funded groups
on campus who
use buses. We

definitely will
not recommend
Folmsbee. They
don’t seem to be

dependable. ”

— Jeff Schneider

SA Vice President

 

 

:outruct. dined Scplcittbcr 2. was then trialled
out with it letter advising Folinsbcc to sign it
and return it along with a bill for tile first
month's service. Golubow added.

liy Tuesday. Sept. l3. the signed contract
still had not been received. nor had a bill.
Golubow notctl. Al'tcr repented ttttcnipts he
finally got iii cotttttcl with the lillh compuin
illltl wtts informed by it secretary than the job
“littd been put ill the log book for Friday."

According to Schneider. soinctimc bcl-

 

an MANUSSICN one
SA Vice President Jell Schneider
"/1 blatant breach of contract. "

 

President for Finance and Business John
Hartlgan. Vice-President for Student Affairs
Frank Pogue. and Chemistry professor
Shelton Banks. who is Chair.

The task force is working well together.
Banks said. in that members are trying to
avoid a student-versus-admlnlstration con-
ﬂict in order to maintain impartiality.

Student leaders interviewed feel the task
force needs more time to resolve the issue of
bus fees. which is now in its seventh year of
debate. "O'Lcury is not giving enough time
for the task force." said Student Association
Vice-President Jeff Schneider. “You can't
rush things like this. This is a decision that
will affect tlte campus for along time."

The students are trying to get across that it
is not so much the bus fee that is the problem
but rather its future implications once It is
implemented.

"The issue is not the SIG fee." Aulcttn
said. Student acceptance of this fee is high
because the fee is deceptively low. she said.
"Students me not taking the bus fee serious-
ly'n
Site added that students are unaware of the
underlying implications of the bus fee. and
stressed that with implementation and ucccp-
trincc ol‘ the bus I‘ec. other fees implemented
to replace sititc operations deficits are more
likly to occur iii the future.

This fee is not covercd by financial arid and
would be it burden to students with fixed in-
comes. Attlctttt pointed (llll. "Willi tuition
covering itll of basic support services students
should not lltl\'L' Io pity iitotc i‘ccs," site siiid.

The administration l'ttccd butlch cuts
which resulted iii the loss of ill positions
illlL‘L‘ Mttrcli i982 ttnd would be facing more
cuts next year. according to Vice-l’icsitlcnt of
Finance rind Business Hartigan. all of which
contributed to the administration's defense
in iinplcincnling the bus fcc.

"l its tin udmittistrulor and tire administra-
tioit generally have wrestled with the problem
over the past five years. and have made pur-
poseful decisions to preserve the bus
system." Hitrtigan said. Li

ween late Thursday and 5 p.m. Friday.
Folmsbcc called and said they Were "unable
to do the job." “i tried calling to find out if
it meant Friday, or the entire weekend. but
no one answered.“ said Schneider. He finally
got through to Folinsbec on Tuesday. Sept.
20. "At first he denied having tin orttl :tgrcc-
nicnt with us." said Scliitcidcr. “Then he
said that he did but that he couldn't get
drivcrs to do the rtiit. Apparently. he cltting-
cd his mind."

Roger l-‘olmsbcc. a spokesman for tile
compiiny. littd sttid that lie was “pretty sure
we could provide the service but thiit lic but!
to check with his drivers." Upon checking,
said Folmsbcc. he found that “no one
wanted it."

"We'd had the job before iiiitl tlicy (SA)
took it il\\'il)’ frotn us." said liolsmbcc. “My
drivers didn‘t wttnt iI. We'd bud problems
with kids getting sick on the buses."
Folsnthcc itlso itddcd tlittt tlic diners \vcrcn't
happy about working utitii “J or 4 in the
morning."

According to Folsinbcc. in: had his
secretary contttct SA “citltcr l'rtcsdtiy or
Wednesday" to iitforin then that they were
unable to do the job. When asked why he
hadn‘t rcturitcd the contract. l-‘olmsbcc
rcplicd that he “didn't want it contract."
“At first they wanted two yctirs. and i said
no. Then they mentioned one year. i didn't
want a contract. btit they sent tiic one
anywrty" snid Folsmbcc. “i still have it here.
but I‘m not doing anything with it."

Evert though Schneider feels there won‘t be
any legal action. he says that Folsmbee is the
clear-cut loser in the case. “We have 92 fund-
ed groups on campus who use buses," said
Schneider. "They usually ask us which corn-
pany to use. We definitely will not recom-
mend Folsmbcc." What this amounts to is
the loss of thousands of dollars to Folsnibcc.
said Schneider.

Schneider and Golubow must now work
fast to find it replacement compuny. "This
time." sitid Golubow. “we'll deal with the
company in person. not on the phone 0

fl

through the mail." .

 

 

 

