 

 

 

 

mﬂﬁmhm> m

'7".

l

l
‘J
8

 

 

 

sound & vision

Legacf

Kennedy’s Ironweed. is
a stark resurrection
of a long—lost Albany

Are you from Albany" Yes. How cut)
you stand it? I was there once and it's the
asshole o/ the northeast. One of the ten
lrottoyn places of the earth. '

Was it possrble to escape the stereotypes
and be proud of being art Albany Irishman?

lrortt Billy Phelan's Greatest Game

on took William Kennedy's
Journalism 308 course and you

were careful, remembering what

he did tltat time to your article on Lark
Street. You‘d writtett Whill you thought
was a pretty good piece. but you ttever got
that "kicker" quote which would tie the
whole thirtg together So you made one
up. attributed it to a “local wag." arid cott-
vinced yourself no one would be tlte wiser.

Andrew Carroll

Then Kennedy ntimeographs the article.

hands it out to the class. and draws
everyone's attention to that last paragraph.
You're dying inside. but remain stoic. and
hope nobody notices the sweat. "Some
‘local wag' may very well have said this."
says Kennedy. "but without attribution.
any good reader should doubt it. You
might be able to get away with this one
day. but it just doesn't ring true."
There's no "real" characters in any of
William Kennedy's four novels. as Ken-
nedy's quick to point out in rlll introduction
to his second. Billy I’helan's Greatest
Game: "Because the city of Albany exists
in the real world. readers may be led to
believe that the characters who populate
the Albany itt this book are therefore real
people." writes Kennedy. "But there are
no authentically real people in these
pages."

With the publication of frorrtr'eed by Vik-
ing. Kennedy continues his Albany cycle
— a trio of books bound together not only
by a shared locale and
characters, but by a strand of truth as tough
and unyielding as the plant which gives the
novel its name. Whether he takes you
along on a gangster's last job. shows you
the underbelly of small city politics. or
guides you through the Hoovervilles along
the Hudson. he does so in an unfailineg
true voice. and creates a universe as
"authentically real" as the Depression itself.

 

cornmon‘

 

 

The trilogy began with 1975's Legs. a
mythologising of the life of Jack "Legs"
Diamond. the gangster who brought lame
to Albany by dying here. Albany has yet to
becotne the central locale in Legs. although
the' musk of the city's underworld is per-
vasive. Marcus (iorman. Diamond's lawyer
and the novel's narrator. leads us through
the halls of rttul) power and_towards art
understanding of what it means to be a
gangster. irishman. and hero in
Depressiorr~era America. The novel is sue
cessful in its recreation of time and place.
and for art unbridled. virtuoso display of
Kennedy's love of words.‘ Yet two years
after reading Legs. the memory remains of
a violent. wordy book. which. while suc-
cessfully pleading the case for rt uniquely
Albany literature. leaves one with the feel-

. ing that too many words were spent on too

urrwurthy a character.

1978's Billy Pltelan's Greatest Game ad-
dresses that feeling directly. as its middle-
aged narrator questions his own obsession
with a small-time poolshark. hustler and
bookie named Billy Phelan. Unlike "Legs."
Billy has earned no headlines for his
penny-ante heroics. and Times-Union-
rnarr Martin Daugherty finds hintself as the
solitary frontntan for Billy's brand of
heroism: “Why. Martin Daugherty. are you
so obsessed with Billy Phelan? Why make a
heroic picaro out of a simple chump?"

Daugherty and Phelan get caught up in
the kidnapping of Charlie Boy McCall.
scion of the McCall clan which controls the
city's politics and is a thinly disguised ver-
sion of Alban'y's real-life O'Connell
machine. Billy is ostracized by the McCalls
for his reluctance to play the snitch on his
fellow doyetrs of Albarty's nightlife. and

Daugherty ultimately finds himself in the
role of redeemer. repudiatirtg Billy in an ar-
ticle which Damon Runyan reprints in his
syndicated column.

Sandwiched irr between the kidnapping
and Billy's redemption is both a walking
tour of Albany (“Billy got off the Albany-
Troy bus at Broadway arid Clinton
Avenue...") and an 'mtnistakertbly Ru-
nyanesque slice of Albany lowlife. The
puolhalls. bowling alleys and back rooms
of Kennedy's imagination are peopled with
characters with names like Daddy Big.
Georgie the Syph. Red Tom. Lemon
Lewis. and Doc Fay Kennedy even

   
  
  

 

“quotes” Runyan's account of the Charlie
Boy abduction. Yet Legs and Billy Pltelart's
Greatest Game are to Guys and Dolls what
Pennies from Heaven is to the Hollywood
tttuvtt.’ musical. Both operate within the
bounds of their Depression-era genres. but
manage to reflect upon the meanings
behind the conventions. “Martin sat on the
sofa trying to understand the trterirrtttg of
what he had just gone through." writes
Kennedy after Daugherly's reunion with his
(and his father's) mistress. but the sentence
can be lifted whole and inserted at any
point in the novel. The books end up
challenging the reader as no mere enter-
tainments could. and botlt stand as daring
achievements.

lrr fronureed. Kennedy's Albany County
has begun to form an architechtonic as
complex as Faulkner's Yoknapatawpha.
Billy's father Francis is the novel's hero. a
tough-skinned hobo whose life story'can be
inscribed with a series of ex's -— ex-
mechanic. ex‘rrrajor leaguer. ex-husband.
ex-father. and ex-hero of a shortlived
trolley strike. frorrtveed fleshes out the hints
of Francis Phelarr we were given in Billy
Phelan's Greatest Game. while creating a
memorable and quite possibly classic antl-
ltern of the country's Great Depression.

For Francis Phelan, America is a land
seen front the road. Ever since the trolley
strike. when a well-aimed stoned hurled
from his third~baseman's arm slew a scab.
Francis has been on the run. Albany meant
a place to stop when the heat was off.
when the baseball season ended. to start a
family. and to collect on his feat of register-
ing 21 times for the vote (remember. this is
Albany. a city with years of practice in corA
rupt politics). His longest flight was
precipitated by the death of his l3-day-old
son. who broke his neck when he slipped
frorn Francis's hands.

Twenty-two years later Francis is back.
working in a cemetary and confronting —
quite literally — the ghosts of his life on the
burn. "i remember everything." he
whispers by Gerald's grave. “It‘s the first
time i tried to think of those things since
you died. i had four beers after work that
day. It wasn't because I was drunk that I
dropped you."

Kennedy takes Francis beyond the
graveyard (the St. Agnes Cemetary in
Mettandsi and as he did in his previous
novels. vividly recreates the Albany of 50
years ago. The Methodist Mission at
Madison and Broadway. an old barn at
Main and North Street. a vacant lot in the
city's South End are Frarrcis's haunts on
this l'lalloweett. 1938 Only a short. sweet
reunion with his wife. children and grand-
child serves to quiet the ghosts of his
memory. Otherwise. he's confronted by
the ghost of the scab. still bleeding front the
head injury; by the ghost of twu men killed
irt the rioting that followed the brainirtg; by
the ghost of Aldo. a bum dropped by a
policernan's bullet when Francis was

'T‘t'ti.

 

  

unable to yank him to safety; by the ghost
of Rowdy Dick Doolan. slayed In a fight
over Francis's shoes; by the ghost of his
companion Helen. who dies. alone. front
stomach cancer; and by the ghost of Rudy.
a fellow traveller who dies from a blow
delivered by a Legionnatre's bat. during a
midnight raid of a hobo jungle.

His is a journey of guilt, and one oddly
reminiscent of James Stewart's in Frank
Caprrt's It's (l Wonder/til Life. That movie
told of ti ‘ittlcltlitl man shown by a guardian
angel what might have happened had he
never lived. of those who might have died
without Stewarts intervention. in Francts's
story we have the flips de: a man en-
couraged by a host of angels to consider
who might have lived had he never been
born. Even Francts's response is a perverse
twist on the moral of the Capra film: "My
guilt is all that l have left. if I lose it. i have
stood for nothing. done nothing. been
nothing."

With fronrueed. Kennedy has written his
starkest. most sharply focused novel yet.
The dense rhetoric of Legs has evolved. via
Billy Plielari. Into a controlled. austere por-
trait of Albany during the Depression. ttt
which Kennedy has resisted the temptation
to make his historical saga sprawl. instead.
he's rebuilding the old city brick by brick.
and becoming a better architect with each
story. “His column was frequently
reprinted nationally. but he chose not to
syndicate it." Kennedy writes of Daugher-
ty. “fearing he would lose his strength.
which was his constituency."

Encouraged by the success of lrarrweed
(and simultaneous reissue of Legs and Billy
Phelan's Greatest Game by Penguin
Books). Kennedy might be tempted to "go
national." and leave behind "one of the ten
bottom places of the earth." But it's hard to
imagine that happening, and already Ken-
nedy has promised the return of Martin
Daugherty. a novel about playwright Ed-
ward Daugherty set at the turtt of the cen-
tury. and a book featuring Danny Quinn.
Billy Phelan's nephew and Francis's grand—
son. interviewed by the Schenectady
Gazette Kennedy has said. “My interest is
rtot really in the institutions of Albany. in-
dependent of the people. The stories are
meant to be excursions into the private
lives of a few human beings. who are
somehow in jeopardy. or whose souls are
in jeopardy . . .

“What i feel is. if you don't move these
beings in a real world. if it doesn't seem to
be authentic. then you don't believe in the
people. They become mere shadows. The
world of Albany serves as a ready-made
universe in which these beings can func-
tion."

And whether he's writing about bums.
writers. gangsters. pimps. or hustlers, or
any of the multitude of “local wags" who
have populated the city. Kennedy has con-
quered the ready-made universe of
Albany. and made it ring resourtdirrgly
true. t.l

“What I feel is, if you don’t move
these beings in a real world, if
it doesn’t seem to be authentic,
then you don’t believe in
the people. They become
mere shadows. The world of
Albany serves as a ready—made
universe in which these beings

can function.”

—William Kennedy

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

are 'governed by computers.

They send us our bills. pay our
checks. help us to bet. tell us how much we
owe for lunch. remind us that we've left the
keys in the car. know where we live. how
old we are. what would be the rtglit career.
and they've never even met us. There‘s a
program called Eliza that can
psychoanalyze you. while others Crlli ftttd
the perfect rtrate lrttprovetttents .ttrd rltl‘
\‘tttlt'UliiL’lllS are being made so rapidly tn
lltL' computer science field that equipment
from l‘)7li is already outmoded

Gail Merrell

The fear of the otttrtipotettt corrtputt'r is
only balanced by the desire to control it So
we try to master it and find that all of the
hardware. the operating systems. and the
multitude of' programming languages are
too much for any otte person to lUriIll The
only course left is to use them to our
greatest advantage. although we're still
dealing with the anxiety product-rt by the
idea of being controlled by these L'lL't‘ltriltit'
brrtltts. Combine that motive and its ensu-
tttg repercussions and you've got Nt'il
Young. circa 1983 Through lltt'
grrrpevttie. we "ever ltuttgrv for trtusir
new." types heard that Neil Young lltlll
been switching onto Krrtftwvrk's rom-
ptttettzed compositions lrttuly llow tilt e. i
thought l»tlidtt't tertlize llltll this litt'rttil llirll
he would actually pttt out till album llltll
relies heavily on electronic music and uses
lllt'“('t)ll'i[1llll.‘l Age" as its theme

But cotttputer'izrttlott is \Ulltll firms is all
about Gone are the lirllliitiillt'S. the
rrttgeltt' stttttns of the acoustic guttrtts. the
litrrtky vocals. the square dance fiddling.
rillll that sleepy folky feeling lllrll mark- my
sWrtV from side to side 'l'lltll'S what Young
used to be all about. Ever Sliit't' he started
with the Buffalo Springfield tn the trtrd
Si).|it'~r. he's been putting out .rllrurn rlllt'l
album of folk rock llI-tl painted pictures of
the lives of SltnplL‘ tnerrm men more t'utt»

Garlan

tltttppens so often. you'd tltrtrk it
I was planned fllr|l vary Art .ttttst
struggles for yours rtr his native
[15. receives critical acclaim. hrtt goes
nowhere with the general tumtd buying
public Dislreartetted but not defeated. the
artist turns his attention to Europe. where
he becomes loved far and wide, 'l'rirttn-
plratttly. he returns to America. where he
llvus and works happily ever after. That's
the way it always turns out, right? Wrong!
(ltllllllld .leffreys is very popular across the
Atlantic. but Ire has yet to receive
widespread public honors here lfis latest
record. Guts For Lorre, sltorrfrf net him the
rewards he deserves. but alas. it probably
won't.

I t's amazing how much of our lives

Rebel? Schneider 7

The thirty-nine year old Sheepshead
Bay native has a long and illustrious career
that dates back to late Sixties. After alteri-
ding Syracuse University and becoming
close with Lou Reed. Jeffreys journeyed to
Florence to study art. When he found that
that wasn't working out. he returned to the
states. After associations with such “legen-
groups as Train and _"Grinders
Swttch. he went solo in 1973'. releasing
Garland Jellreys. That record was notable
for its early use of reggae, which wasn't in
style at that time. After several albums. he
finally began to be noticed by many people
with such songs as “Wild in the Streets".
"R-O-C'K Rock", and an excellent remake
of? and the mysterious “96 Tears". With
three really popular songs like that. many
Wondered why Jeffreys wasn't played
more often on AOR rock stations. There
are two plausible explanations for that.
First. Jeffreys is black. Many periodicals
these days are exploring the possibility that
AOR stations deliberately discriminate
against black artists. Another possibility is
that Jeffreys' music is very hard to
plgeonhole into one category. He does

 

everything from reggae to disco to funk to
w

 

 

  

 

 

cerned wrtit love. aging. life in small
southern towns. and the maltreatment of
the American ltrdians than with
technology. I guess that times change.
even for old folkrvs. but these aren't the
saute men that Young used to sing about.
It seems that instead of speaking for a
Wlttilu generation of lrrtckwt)orlsrtrett. he's
pinch-hitting for till of the new wrtvcrs who
tilt‘ wondering if automation wrll reduce
our ttletttttv ittttr llll‘ll’ rrtttttlrt'ts

It's ttttl lllrll l'ttt upset llt-Il Neil's .tli.m
thillt‘tl his guitar for sytttltrtst/ers. i lost fuel
t’ltvrttt-rf trttt of his lltttt for tlt‘lllt titrti life In
litlrll Ametrr tl ‘mtttrr'liow .t |Itt‘ltl[illttl ltl<t'
the "l'tt'ltl rrf tlpputttttilty” \t’t'tlh more
tit'tlllllt' lllrlil "H'artrplt' and Hold". \vlittlt
expose». our srrrtr'ty's rwrl preferr'trr-p for
lrt'nttillltl wx rilnt'tts as opposed It) Will
sittvu lot-eh (so \Vlltil else is new ’) it's not it
lr.rtl idea. though H'ttrr'o lttt's tt-nrktttg wttlr
t'trrrrptttt'tt/t'd ttrttstt'. If only makes wrrw lt)
(list‘ttss the efforts that cotrtputets ltrtvv lltitl
on out wrtv of life
"t'otrtputt't Cowboy"
mtrr k». the ttt\\‘litiU lif
Itttler who rt'ltt's
w lit-.rvilv on
st tt'ttttfit' methods
in Ijt‘l his. )Itll
tllttit‘ littt wrrrr'lrrrw it doesn't \t't'lll llltll
lll‘i ltt‘rlll t» In this stuff. Nt'tl's \Hllth tllt’
tisttrrlly jlltltlitrll. llUf pooh pnultitttjs for
ltittlil‘lt’ t rtttrtw \tit h 1|?» lu-t-pmti tip \hllll lllt'
t l ttr t' a

Hill its rl wlrt rlt' lllt’ tillililll is lilt'llt,’ gr u rrl
l tllllllll lllrll l'tl like it lit'llt‘i Il Neil Young
llrltl li‘rt'tl tttr rillrh. prrthrtltly llt't now 1 up.
pt't‘t tllllt‘fl'lil t'lttwlitilttl‘r from lititt
l't't'llillt .rlly. tlrts .tllittm ttrllltltl'l lrt- llt'llt’l
he's tltittt' his litimt'wrrtlx \\t‘ll lo ttru- ltl‘t
ttrtistr lllril truly ttr.ttrttf.rr llllt'tl fueling ltt"s
llt'rilt'll his \tllt’t’ With it \ltrttnlt'l rt Httll
pit-air: tll’\'|t’|' r Itlt'ii‘rlttltt Irl .rtt .ttr.tlvr'r'r and
.m tllllllt'fril write and f it Irm- lll\‘ltlt‘l8 lllril
.tllow lttlll ttr titlll lrttiltt'r rtlitl l<r\\t't octaves
to his voice The rln'ult‘rs work by taking .t
modified sotmrl win/u rif lllt‘ \lttlt u .trrtl out
putting it at different lrt-qttt'rrr'tt's from the

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
  

   

I sound & vision

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

otttrrrrrtl ltv rise of .t flip flop. .t sequential
tiltllll lllrll Ia tIlft't’ltKl hy syrrcltrttttt/etl
ptilws rtlltl rs \\I(lt.‘lV tist'tl lll tligttrrl tttttt-
ptitt'ts filt-ttrt-tttt' ftltt'ts mttrltfv llh' slMPt'
of the rttsttltttrti wtmtl \\'t|\'t'. rIrrtkttrg lllt'
Will U wrmrl I'llllt'l lllllll' or last; llrllllltll lit!
tint”. .t rlt'vp ltltjlrlt; itttlllllllt’ii/t'tl sound
in llit' urn .rls. of lllt' threatening “We Are ttr
t‘nntrul' \\lilill llrl‘i flew. tslt lytlt‘H. bitt.
IItIlttllIIttrtlt‘lV. lrit iv. lllt'll netw- of humor

"t V Iltllllllt‘l Atty" ttllt‘ of the iiitI‘~l t'fft't'tlt‘r'
\u nit-t. Hit lltt‘ .tllrttrtt rwptr'sws llrt' \vtws til
.r l: Int-it: ltu-trt lrmlttttti for .r heart of gold in
rt lltt’t ll-ttllt .rl zturltl Iltu ttrliltrt‘d is lllrttlt'
r". l'lt‘lti lrt.‘ tlrt' lHliI l’t‘ttt,‘ rrttrtrtts \s .t wit
tlirtsr‘tttl nttjttattt. (ltth l\|.‘tr rrf lllt' slllllln
,rrw rltmrtrl of ~-\.‘tllll\. "l.Ittlt' l'lrtttg (Killed
llt\t"' tlltl "l tl~.t' rtll [tit .r" tilrrmr' ittllit‘rtlt'

titillrll‘ rllitl pntglmtit l\,tlt‘a ||.'tr|ll Neil's
\friltt‘u rliittttltl l‘l'r'fl I'm litil sillt' why lit!
tlt’lltlt'tl tn It’ttrltl "Mt H'trtrl". trrtgtttrtlly
tltlttt’ \L‘tllt l'rllllxlltl l§prtrtgftrvltl it's the llit'
llttt' til .i Iiillnlllti'll who realises his own
popularity. tilltl it hits rIIl itrt'tt-dihly cattlty

’5 Got Guts

 

 

 

‘ 'r V“ t

plain old rock. This fact makes many utt-
cornfortable. from radio stations to his own
record label. An idealist would op-
timistically state that Guts For Love will be
widely accepted. but in actuality little has
changed. .leffreys will probably still be a
mart in search of an audience. This is
especially disheartening when one con-
siders the quality of the record.

The song that most people have heard
from this record leads off side one. "Real
Man" is another itt a series of songs by
varied artists that exattritte the male role in
our society. Combining a good backbeat
with honestlyrics. it's a well-constructed
tune. That's a recurring observation about
this record. .leffreys wrote illld coproduc-
ed most of the album. Surprisingly. the
one cover he does is in some ways more

 

"‘ . ' 1 L 7 u 'r r .
Garland Jeffreys: Searching [or an audience.

 

 

pleasing than his own material. "What
Does it Take (to win your love)" is a fifteen
year old. well covered tune. When handl-
ed by Jeffreys. it hearketrs back to the early
days of Disco. circa 75-76. long before
John Travolta bought his first polyester
soil. It. brings smiles of recognition to the
face of many a listener. and those smiles
are widened by an excellent alto sax solo
by David Sanborn.

Although the record is chock full of
message laden songs. Jeffreys doesattempt
to lighten the load with a couple of party
tunes. the previously mentioned tune being
an example of that. On the whole. the par-
ty songs make one feel like partying. This
isn't always the case. however. “Shout” at-
tempts to be a first rate dance tune. Tire
key word in that sentence is "attempts". for

 

 

'Street Band. On this record. G.E. Smith.

 

llrisw'lltlt' rt'tttittisr’ent of the flutttles' "(Eel
Brick" rttltl lltt’ \"tortes' "Let's H'putrrl the
Night l'ogetht-t" l.\.llt'rllli.’. the striltJ is up
llittliiitllt' as If (ll'tll‘v ttrtlt .i r'rtlrtlr's fruit of
lit’t trttttttg .r pl.i~.tr< person (in the lrtltlill-Il.
his \ru .rls wurrt slltilllll.‘ «third but ~.ttll t it‘tll
life Now \tt' lit'rtl it tHlli|il||t'il/t‘(l
ttrt Ilt- tit Itit' lllrll lli\‘.rt|l‘ tht' lillt'ltltt ms of the
\tlltlt tliltl tlrttt ittrttitltllt t'lll has». lit‘l~ lost lit
the ttt|\ l'ltrllrllilU lth ltt'~l t‘lftttt I‘ "llrrltl
Unto Your low" In \tlrtt'h sytttlts ltt'lp
IIttl but they‘re IiItl tltt' futurl [ttrtltl ul lllt'
Milli]

l't'tllrtji‘w tht' [Ittrl)lt‘ltt lit": rtr lllt' ltflt‘.
f'rrrrtt. means to tth lit’\,'4>ittl. llt «lumgr'
ttrttrplr-tr'lt; to surpass ll|l‘ llllillrttl but all
ltt' 't\'\'ll|‘<t in do is in jrrtws tltt' lltlilltitl
\lltlltlfll'l he hits iltllll'tl stt nt'll limitlt
('it Itl llt' still \\t'.tl\ ll-tilill'l \ltlth rllltl imam. l
sure hope he hasn't tt'ttltrt‘t‘ll lllt' lttttt
lltfrrtlttx ptrt from his guitar strap like the
man artitl il"v butter to burn trlil than it is in
trial so here's lit-punt that lie r'trttrr's trtit ttf
llltl lilrtt'k :tlttl illltt tltcv lilttu ‘

the «mini is lllll\' tiltttt’ tlt.ttt tl l‘.llll.'\.'. lit'.i\‘V
llilti' tlr.tt sr-r-ttt» tttsttt'tt'lr out for ltI rttts It's
.t pttv llltll l\t’tr rirurrl ~tll||J§ ttrtiltlli'l l|rl\.’(‘
hut-n put in tt‘». ItlrltL’ l'lik' other songs till
llit' iljt liltl llltttt' tlt.ttt mttkt's tip for this L‘i
rot ltrnwwt

"l‘l Hahntlrvt" ts t‘ protest wttq ltitiil .t
tttttrjttt- till\l tllll’li forgotten ptrttrt of \'l\'\\.’.
lllrll of the illlttrt'L'ltl refugee who doesn't
lJIVt' tr damn about his ttrt'tui‘et's politics
The music is \‘rl‘illy understated but the
lyrics st'tettttt for attention. “Heartless
crimes lately fill my dreams lithrdlittes
3Ct't.’r|tt1 't‘ttt.~\ the world/Lifelines end but
fill an endler file Widows ts‘trtlre under the
sun "

For some of the most cynical and
frttrrlrstic lytrts ever. rust tuttt to "Artterican
Backsltdt'" it tells ti title of frustration and
dept'esstott. itt the same writ its "The
Message". by (itrtrthastet Flash turd the
Furious Five Musically. it too is
understated. reminding one of a
love ballad, trot a protest song Once you
read or hear the lyrics. however. you know
what you're listening to. "How does it
feel/When you not no rob/Ami vnu got
three kids/Nothin' nruch to eat/And you
steal and rob/Just to make ends meet." it
says a great deal for Jeffreys' philosophy
that these wards are part of the last song on
the record. Is he tryitrg. none too subtly, to
tell us that this is the way he feels?

Whatever his feelings. Garland Jeffreys
should be proud of this record. He's taken
good. solid songs and mated them with
similar musicians. in the past. he's worked
with the Rumour and members of the E

of Hall and Oates. plays an important role
on guitar. along with famed session musi—
cian Hugh McCrackeh who helps with
some classical guitar on “El Salvador"

Guts For Laue is a fine record. Unfor-
iurtately. many of you won't ever ltave the
chance to find that out on commercial
radio. at least. Do yourselfnfavor retjuest
it on 91 FM WCDB. They'll be happy to
play it and you'll be happy to hear it. l_i .

 

 

t

\0

mm“ “ﬁnmpm>

a... a...

tr u..nnlutur'asuwwtirvw.wm"'Mauarmtaaum‘ ‘ W rum” ’

 

