Carer:

wa ... .t, 

t
é.

 

H... _.,._...-.....- t....--mswrasz.u.nuwac.-iwan...,,. .

10a perspective.

A

T
s ecently. Business Schools nation-
R wide have been admonished for
M the shoddy quality of graduates
A being manufactured by the business educa-
R tlon assembly line. Improper inputs and
sub-par raw materials have created a pro-
] liferallon of pseudo-professionals often In-
} capable of asstmilation,lnto a dynamic
workplace. Today more than ever. critics
t are challenging the utility of a bac-
1) calaureate or masters degree In business
3 relative to the equivalent accomplishment
3 in one of the liberal arts, While business
graduates may possess technical expertise.
often insular In nature. the panoramic view
afforded students of llte Arts has
dramatically showcased tlie firiidarnenta
dichotomy splitting the two disciplines.
Why? Have the fundamental precepts long
nurtured In our business schools lost their
applicability or even worse. their ap-
propriateness. llopefully - N0. but wltat
is occuriiig is symptomatic of a deeper ill
besetting Business Schools. not solely
endemic to Albany. but instead generic of
all business education

Tony Schmitz

(ierreially. certainly not absolutely. the
overall quality of language use accorded
lilhllit'ﬁﬁ undergrads is appalling and per
vaded \vitlr obvious obfuscation Here In
lies the dilemma afflicting business I'tliik‘rt'
tttrn. Sorrrewhat unfortunately. the uni
dimensional indoctrination inflicted upon
business students allows little leeway for
any pronouncement of creativity Instead.
a t'onfoiinist liomogenity. resembling a col-
lective cloak of unwavering uniformity is
stressed 7 NO. Imperative for the

hen the weather turns wartner.
when spring comes iii on the
' wagging tails of dogs lit the park

and kites in the sky. then I think of Eddy.
Eddy was a short. squat kid of seventeen
when l first rriet littn. with a shock of
hloirde. clierubic hair and a face like a
cauliflower with a smile in the middle of it
He was working an acting internship tip in
the Catskills wrtlt a little summer troupe of
artistic purists from New York City 'l‘lieir
theatre was a ramshackle cowbarn that still
hatl its original cock'crow weatlrervane on
the roof

Lisanne Sokolowski

Eddy spent more time Willi nails in his
mouth and a hammer in one hand doing
maintenance work belweeri performances
than being on stage doing bit parts. But you
had to expect that from these players. They
had cast aside the egotistic aspects of being
an "actor in NYC" for the sake of strong.
original. pure performances. Thursday
through Sunday they opened perfor-
mances for the public. By sundown the
pasture around the barn would be filled
with the pick up trucks and family sedans of
the simple country people who had never
gotten the opportunity to see a profess
sional performance. The rest of the week.
the conservatory held “proves” readings.
opening up the new talent. testing. ex-
perimenting. feeling out Ideas without the
spectre of sellabiltly.

Eddy loved that place. hidden In the
mountains. with a fresh stream running
past the fire hazard boarding house where
professionals and amateurs shared living
space His room was the size of a king-sized
stage trunk. Plaster trembled from the col-
ourless walls every time a band of roaches
stamped by. His mattress's stuffing was
more out than in. and the only door was a
scrap piece of sheet left behind In the anti-
quated linen closet. But I never saw him
happier than when he'd be slitting on the
edge of the mattress. a pile of scripts at his
feet, sewing the bright red arid green pal-
ches back onto a harlequin's outfit before
the next show.

“Come on l.is. stay and help bring out
dinner." he asked one afternoon. and held

 

 

mtnutest entertainment of the riotlon label-
ed "Professionalism." Knowledge for
knowledges sake has become knowledge
for “not what I know. but what can I make"
sake. When institutions. such as Albany.
were cornerstoned as seats of higher
education. i'm not entirely certain the
founders envisioned the reality yet to
come. Perhaps. the universities wttliout
Business Schools realize the significance of
erecting a solid intellectual foundation in
Iiially and not merely the mass production
of singularly functional units.

Success is no longer a measure of ones
breadth of knowledge. actually it's quite the
converse. While educators promulgate and

 

 

 Business As Usual?!

to little more than a reproduction. In a
quasi-plagarlsllc sense. of that which Is the
accepted doctrine. Failure to broaden
one's horizons could be eventually
fataltstlc. Business students need be cogni-
Iani of that World beyond the rigidly
predefined parameters of the business
building. Environmental. societal arid
political issues are shaping tomorrow and
to sever all iles with this larger word may
prove detrimental indeed.

Ironically enough. those who Iriiliale
well are assured a position among the elite.
l’ausing. I wonder If this unquestionlng
preservation of the stalus-quo will cause a
preponderance of lifes identical mistakes
ad Infiniitim. Equally contradictory. is the

School is simply a microcosm of
the reigning business world ethos.
Obviously, the competition is
justifiable, in that we compete with
ourselves. But how do we explain
those who cheat, in its diversified
rainbow of implementations?

 

students ititernallte the rrittnlputahle. tiar-
row set of criteria critical to upward mobili-
ty. a crisis is burgeoning Should textbook
mastery and superior performance on
titultiple‘choice tests be the cardinal deter-
minants of so called intelligence and subse
quenlly career perpetuation. Basically not.
but meanwhile learning has been reduced

out a plump hand to leatl me to the kit-
clieit. The supplies were in a tlanl; root
cellar. modernized thanks to the chick ncy
of Eddy by one light bulb. All I saw were
pots. pots. pots. and more metal pots filled

with hard boiled eggs aritl naVel oranges.

This was dinner?
“_Yeah. and breakfast too. We try to work
through lunch to make it last longer." Ed-
dy laughed and popped an egg past his
jowls 'l‘hrriugli the yolk he garbled
something about the intensity of Strindberg
and what a dainm headache the set for
'I‘r‘riy Alice was becoming. | just smiled and
picked up some oranges. As we headed up
the stairs. a step gave way and Eddy fell
through. saved only by his belly from lan~
ding back in the cellar

"Don't tell anyone about the step » they'll
only worry. i'll fix it during dinner. there's
'nough time before makeup starts."

Cubby. idealistic. theatre nut Eddy.
Without him I may never have seen how
rough. how primitive the conditions were
for the people that made a whole other
world come alive on stage. For every
elaborate costume there were a repatched
pair of overalls back in the room, For every
sumptuous dinner the characters ate. there
were eggs and fruit for the actors. But Eddy
didn't care. He’d only laugh. and waddle
off to the barn with a hammer and a script.

When spring comes. when I know the
stream by the empty barn Is thawing. I
remember sweet. homely Eddy. The con-
servatory became a repertory. a status-
attractlng. snob appeal company whose
original members went back to New York
after all. Instead of eggs and oranges. they
held cast parties at French restaraunts. I
went to see them once. to recapture the
simple. beautiful “Theatre” I used to know.
It wasn’t the same anymore. They got a
standing ovation. from the tailored suits
and strings of pearls sitting in the audience.
but not from me. In the air of the new stage
was stench of comrnerclality. not old hay
and barn owls.

Eddy left one summer. to study acting at
SUNY Purchase. I hope he never comes
back to see what happens when Ideals
become compromised, because art and life

I

accepted philosophy that results speak for
themselves. while the means remains a
vehicle. tleflly ltlddert In trrre's past. Im-
agine. if you will that Albany's Business
School ls simply a inicrocosirn of the reign-
iitg business world ethos. Obviously. the
competition is rusltliable. iii that we corri-
pete with ourselves But. how do we ex-

Another Hamlet

 

 

 

 

 

     
    

 

plain those who client. Irt Its diversified
rainbow of Implementations? Are they not
cheating lhEmselves and more Irnporiarrtly.
those whose Individual toil Is seemingly
futile? We all losel Those who circum-
navigate moral ethics and cheat today will
in all probability do. guess what tomorrow'.J
's the bottom line therefore everything? If
so. grades and profits may as well be inter-
:hangeable synonyms. literally standing for
dentlcal twins.

Coupled with the aforementioned. Is a
ohenomena which could prove to be even
more encompassing. Inquisitive riiirids
wonder. what has all this mimicry cost us?
Since role model emulation is the sole re
qulsite for a slice of "The (‘mod Life". do
we blindly accept this? Is one truly intellec-
tually free when lacklirg the autonomy and
uniqueness offerretl via personal expres
sion? Are thoughtful originality. innovation
and leadership therefore. near extinction?
Provocative questions all. curiously offt'r
trig no definitive answers

All Irt all. this critique Is riot an indictment
of Business Schools. especially SI lNYA's
Nonetheless. adiriinlstraftirs. academics
and students objective Inspet Iitiit .iitd
subsequent repair may halt a rapidly
Worsening situation. Already tltrt imrented
Is the recent undergraduate revision It‘ttlill
Itig a minimum credit exposure to a wide
range of liberal art curricula Likewise.
publications distributed by the Business
School stress unequivocally llie inipor~
lance of a well versed business grad and
not the proverbial "tunnel-visioned" clone
If nothing else. perhaps this essay will serve
us an Impetus to change. To remain iron-
adaptive and stagnant however. is ftttrlllttl'r
dy.

 

 

ndertng where you
fit in...,

Worried about your
relationships...
Concerne aou

A ‘
birth control...

gﬁhesrsqﬂ
VD,homosexuaItiy... l (I

'rmrnxb A nae: You 
can so can new

GENESIS

Sexuality Resource
Center
105 Schuyler Hall
457-8015

 

    

on.-’l‘hurs.Eve.: 7:00-10:00p.m.
on-Thurs: 2:00-4:00p.m.

'__0t to s

A service provided by
Student Affairs and Student Association

 

 

 

I “8455-050!

 

ALUMNI QUAD PRODUCTIONS

iPPth ‘

March 10,11 12 - 8:00 pm
Page Hall

 

TICKETS

$2.00 - STUDENT WITH TAX CARD
$2.50 - STUDENT & SENIOR CITIZEN
$3.00 - GENERAL PUBLIC

ON SALE ON ALL DINNER LINES
AND AT DOOR

 

 

 

 

 

 

need more people like Eddy. I,

 

 

Student Association Election Nominations

Open: Monday, March 1 4
Pick Up Applications in S.A‘. Office

University-Elected
President
Vice—President

Unlvorsity Senate
3 seats from each quad
7 from off—campus

Central Council
3 seats from each quad
9 from off—campus

Alumni Board
5 seats for seniors

Nominations Close: 5 p.m., Friday, March 25th.

 

The

Nelson A.
Rockefeller
College of
Public Affairs
and Policy

OPPORTUNITIES FOR GRADUATE
EDUCATION AND RESEARCH

IN

State University
of New York
at Albany

CRIMINAL JUSTICE
POLITICAL SCIENCE
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATION
PUBLIC AFFAIRS AND POLICY
SOCIAL WELFARE

135 Western Avenue
Albany. NY. 12222

You Are Cordially Invited To

ROCKEFELLER COLLEGE OPEN HOUSE

Tuesday. March 15th. 3-6 PM

SUNY Albany Downtown Campus

Please Join Us For

- Wine and Cheese (Draper Hail. Western Ave

» individual Advisement Concerning Academlansoglrlgrhgce)
- information Regarding Career Opportunities

- Tours of College Libraries and Research Facilities

- Discussion with Current Graduate Students and Alumni
~Dlspays and Special Exhibitions

The Nelson A. Rockefeller College offers graduate programs at the masters'

and doctoral levels In Criminal Justice. Political Science. Public Administration
Public Affairs and Policy Studies. and Social Welfare. In addition. the Cotle 0‘
offers opportunities for obtaining joint degrees and combined degrees. whlcilJ

permit students to accelerat '

e their prolesstonal .
I e
affairs. research. and social service. ducanon [or carems m pumlc

 

x x
xx x x xxx xx x x xxxxxxxxx‘x xx

 

xxxx'm

Class of 1984
President
Vice President
15 Class Council Seats

Class of 1985
13 Class Council Seats

Class of 1986
15 Class Council Seats

 

 

 

 

 

 

 saunter:tJeﬁMJacsﬂm .- . r .-  .

 

