 

W0“)me
..,aamm%

Shamlr seeks okay

 
 

' Jerusalem

(AP) Prime Minister-designate Yitzhak

Shamir Monday presented his new govern-

ment to Parliament. seeking approval to con-

tinue the hardllne policies deveIOped during
Menachen Begin's six years in power.

Shamir and his Cabinet were r ' to

2 ALBANY STUDENTPRESS Cl OCTOBER [1,1983

 

and security issues during the six-nation tour.
He said all activities of the delegation would
be made public.

"The progress and security of Central
America are a vital American concern." said
Kissinger. I

Kissinger and the other members of the
Bipartisan Commission on Central America
were scheduled to hold a series of meetings
today with Panamanian leaders.

NATIONWIDE

 

narrowly win a vote of confidence from the
l2-seat Knesset. or Parliament, after a debate
lasting several hours. His coalition holds 64
seats. the same line-up of religious and right-
wing parties that governed under Begin.

Shamir and his Cabinet ministers were to
be sworn into office immediately after the
vote. which was scheduled after Shainlr an-
nounced last week he had put together his
coalition.

Aquino panel resigns

Mani/a
(AP) President Ferdinand E. Marcos suf-
fered another political setback Monday when
all five panelists investigating the murder of
opposition’leader Benigno Aquino resigned
bscause their impartiality had been question-
e . ‘

"it appears that the image of the commis-
sion for lmpartlalltly and capacity of its
members to do justice to every man are being
questioned." four of the five resigning com-
missioners said in a letter to Marcos.

Opposition leaders and Aquino's family
have charged the panel was biased and under
Marcos“ control.

skuldﬁﬂm

'Drug test outlined

Colorado Springs
(AP) U.S. Olympic Committee ofﬁcials
released details Monday of a new drug-
testlng program for American athletes aimed
at eradicting the use of illegal drugs or bann-
ed substances "once and for all."

F. Don Miller. executive director of the
USOC. said the program would feature both
informal and formal testing. The informal
testing will be voluntary and carry no punish-
ment.

But the formal testing will be reserved
mainly for Olympic trials at which an athlete
found to be taking drugs will be disqualiﬁed
from representing the United States at the
i984 Games.

Miller reiterated comments made before a
congressional committee last month that

 

"this is a war on drugs, not on our athletes.”

 

 

   
 

The testing program was launched as a
result of events at the Pan American Games
in August at Caracas. Venezuela. where to
athletes were found to have illegal substances
in their systems. which ranged from eye
drops to anabolic steroids. They were strip-
ped of any medals and records registered at
the Pan Am Games.

Former U.S. Rep. dies

. Palisade. Colorado
(AP) Former US. Rep. Wayne Aspinall.
whose legislation brought water to the grow-
ing West during his 24 years in Congress.
died Sunday. He was 87.

Aspinall. a Democrat. was chairman of the
House interior and insular Affairs Commit-
tee for a record l4 years. and his landmark
legislation included the Colorado River Basin
Project Act of I968.

He played a key role in the l964 Wilderness
Act and was responsible for the Land and
Water Conservation Fund Act. a blueprint
for development of recreation areas
throughout the country.

James Watt resigns

Washington D. C.
(AP) James Watt. the victim ofa mouth that
mlsfired once too often. will give up his job
as interior secretary as soon as a replacement
can be found by the president and confirmed
by the Senate. The search begins Monday.
Watt gave up an iii-day struggle to hold
onto his Cabinet pom Sunday but vowed to
never abandon his crusade for “spiritual

 

freedom and political liberty."

Standing in a California cow pasture. Wart
read his resignation letter to a small band of
reporters Sunday. his voice quavering at
times. His wife stood at his side. holding the
reins of their horses.

. President Reagan accepted the resignation
"reluctantly" and an aide said the president
hoped to nominate a successor in one to two
weeks.

"The time has come." Watt said. “it is my
view that my usefulness to you in this ad-
ministration has come to an end."
Koch taken lll

New Ymkl
(AP) Mayor Edward Koch said Monday he'll

move up the date of his annual physical
iollowing a fainting episode over the

         

 

' weekend that Koch said was the result of his

overeating.

The mayor looked chipper during the
wreath-laying ceremonies and said he Wits
feeling fine following the 9:30 pm. incident
Sunday evening at the Parma Restaurant ill
80th Street and Third Avenue.

“i did eat a lot." Koch said. adding that
the coffee “was my undoing."

When the mayor began drinking the col-
fee. Koch told reporters. “i suddenly felt this
pain... and it made me nauseous."

Koch then went to the men‘s room. where
he said he "passed out for a fraction ol‘ it \c-

. cond," Ambulances were called to stand by,

and the mayor was taken to (irticic Mansion
in his limousine and examined by a doctor.

The presidential palace said in a news
release that Marcos “remains receptive to
suggestions in order to allow a full. impartial
and unrestricted inquiry... and to punish
whoever might be guilty."

New lets raise tears

Paris
(AP) The reported delivery of live Super-
Etendard jetfigliters to lraq. still confirmed
by the French government. has raised fears
that iran's threatened retaliation will widen
the 3-year-old Persian Gulf war and perhaps
provoke U.S. intervention.

But oil analysts say that even if lran carries
out its threat to block the strategic Hormuz
Strait and close the grill to petroleum ex‘
ports. it will not cause an immediate crisis in
world oil supplies.

The Super-Etcndards launch surface-
skimming Exoch missiles. which prover.
deadly when Argentina used them against
Britain in last year's Falkland islands war.
lraq has purchased an undisclosed numbcr ol'
the French-built Exoccts.

Diplomats say irtiq. its morale sinking.
after three years of war and its treasury crop-
ty. wants the planes and missiles to attack
lran's Kharg island oil terminal in the gulf.
cut iranian oil revenue and gain the advan-
tage iii the conllict. which remains deadlock
ed.

Kissinger plans tour

Parrunm ("My
(AP) A I‘nct-I‘inding commission headed by
former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger
begins a week-long series of meetings with
lenders in wur~torri ('crtlral America. but
Kissinger says the group won‘t conduct
negotiations.

Kissinger said the commission members
who arrivcd rrt Panama city late Sunday
night. "arc here to study and collect informa-
tion" and would focus on economic. political

PREVIEW OF EVENTS

 

 

 

 

SUNYA Akido Club will be holding
tree classes every Friday night at
7:30 pm In the Wrestling Gym. For
more information call Robin at
4820443.

The Amateur Radio Club will hold a
general interest meeting on Friday.
October 14 at 3:30 pm In the Col-
onial Quad Penthouse. All are
welcome. For more Information call

 

Rob at 457-7026.

   L 

 

STINGS

Amnesty international will hold a
meeting on Tuesday. Oct. 11 at 8 pm
In Humanities 354. For more Infor-
mation call 438-4994.

Alelandro Molina Lara. Salvadoran
trade union leader will speak on
Wednesday. Oct. 12 In LC 20 at 7:30
pm. The presentation Ia being spon-
sored by Young Socialist Alliance
and Puerto Rican Independence
Solidarity Alliance. For more Inlor-
mation call Julia at 465-9452.

(it 9.9 on. Saturday. .
remote control .
l “The J‘i

 

The Foundation for Spiritual Evolu-
tion will present "The Fielma oi
Psychic Perception." a lecture and
demonstration by Joe Gulce. on
Wednesday. Oct. 12 at 7:30 pm In
tho Alumni House. The admission to
roe.

University Theatre presents “The
woolgatherer" a play by William
Mastroalmone. Tussday~Saturday.
Oct. 11.15 at 8 pm. General admis-
sion will be $5 and $3 for SUNYA ID
holders. The performance will be
held in the Performing Arte Center.
For more lnlormatlon call 457-8806.

Mass held for Cooke

New York
(AP) Priests. politicians and it further picsir
dent gathered with other mourners for what
one religious spokesman called it "ccicltru-
duo of joy" and "a Mass of resurrection" r
the funeral and burial ol' Cardinal Terence
Cooke.

The ceremony Monday at St. Patrick's
Cathedral. the symbol of Cooke‘s tittthoril}
in life arid the resting place of his remains in
death. was expected to draw about 2.500 pco
pie. including fornicr President and Mrs.
Richard Nixon. comedian llob Hope and
Gov. Mario Ciiomo.

As archbishop. Cooke merits cnlombmcnt
in the crypt of St. Patrick's along with Iti\
predecessors.

The Rev. Pctcr l-‘inu. spokesman for the
archdiocese of New York. described today's
Muss as a “celebration ofjoy." not n lruncn-
ttitiori of death.

Botanist wins Prize

Cold Spring llirl'lmr
(Al') litirbara Mc(‘|ititock was ignored tor
decades and sometimes tlcprccntingly t‘iiiit'ti
“the corn Indy ol'(‘old Spring lltrrbot .“ tint
‘on Monday. after winning the Nobel l’ri/c.
'lhc til-ycnr-old botanist said she krtcu llrc
trtitlt of her work would triumph.

Wide-eyed and I'cd-I'ttccd in tlic \pitliiylll.
she said. “you don‘t need the public rct'oi-iu
lion. you just need the respect of your col
leagues."

Miss McCliritock bred generations ot corn
plants to discover trtinsposatblc genes. tllt'
prize-winning work that she first iillii iloun
iii the I‘l-llls and NW.» ut the ('old Spiiru'
llttrbor l uborntorv. \vhcrc \ltc lives :irul hm
worked for 42 ycaus.

Her associates there said they believed iiit'
recognition was long overdue illlti only it our
tcr of time. but Miss hlct‘liritock said she \\.t~
surprised.

Student Services Committee of The College of Saint Rose will ho

Central Council will hold a meeting
on Thursday. Oct. 13 at 4 pm In CC
878, to dlsoover problems in ac-
cosaablllty oi university services to

' the handicapped.

A Fall I-estlval sponsored by Five
Rivers Environmental Education
Centers wIll be held on Saturday.
Oct. 15. 1—4 pm at Game Farm Road,
Delmar. NY. For more Information
call 45743092. Admission Is free.

ASIA will sponsor a lecture entitled.
"The Bible Hoax or History?" on
Tuesday and Wednesday. Oct 11
and 12 at 7:30 pm In LC 7‘and 3.

holding a tree workshop for lltoso
Interested In The Ronalssunco Luto.
The presentation will be at the
Music Department on Wednesday.
Oct, 12 at 5:30 pm. Foaturod
speaker will be Allan Alexander. For
more lnlormatlon call Joan at
45467911.

The Physics Club will sponsor a
presentation by Prolassor William
Laniord on Wednesday. Oct. 12 at 7
pm In Physics 129. He will discuss
his work In physical methods In Ar-
cheology and detection of Art
Forgerlaa. All are Invited.

 

   

 

By Frank Zappala

A Resident Assistant in need of an am-
bulance ten years ago led' to the creation of
Five-Quad Ambulance Service. a student-run
service. which is currently celebrating its
tenth anniversary. according to Five-Quad
Director of Operations David Samuel.

"The program started with one van being
donated by thephone company." he said.
Getting something started is always slow. and
at first things were pretty primitive. be ex-
plained. Samuel praised the development of
Five-Quad. saying. "now. ten years later.
Five-Quad has developed into a well-run per-
sonal ambulance service.”

Samuel said that Five-Quad now has two
fully-equipped. updated New York State cer-
tiﬁed vans. "The vans are checked every year
by the state and are constantly being servic-
cd." he said.

According to Samuel. Five-Quad now has
87 dedicated and hard-working rncriibers.
"Applicants are first interviewed. then. if ac-
cepted. start at tlie position of dispatcher."
he said. "The average time before a member
starts to go out on calls is a year." said
another member.

 

All members who go out on calls have to
meet the New York state requirement of
either being certified in Emergency Medical
Treatment (EMT) or Advanced First Aid.
Samuel noted. Some of the more experienced
rricriibers are certified instructors and can
teach the new ones. he added.

Five-Quad Vice President Beth Hermsen
said that Five-Quad "takes a lot of time. All
members are required to work one four-hour
shift and two or three midnight shifts." This
includes one 12-hour weekend shift a month.
she added.

Five-Quad runs twenty-four hours a day.
seven days a week. with four people on duty
and three on back-up call at all times.

Five-Quad headquarters is located in
Dclancey Hall on Colonial Quad. "it gives us
good access to anywhere on campus."
Samuel noted. “We can be anywhere on
campus in under 90 seconds." he said. ad-
ding “gctting downtown takes between three
and Five minutes. depending on traffic.“

 

OCTOBER 11,198.? D ALBANY STUDENTPRESS 3

F iVe-Ouad marks tenth anniversary of service

 

 irriuriirtzr

 

 

 

Members of Five Quad Ambulance Service
Created after an RA had to wait for an ambulance.

 

KENNY KIRSCH UPS

Five-Quad serves on and off-campus
students as well as professors living in the
area. The service is also used as a back-up
system for the City of Albany and is tied in
with the disaster program for New York
State. he explained.

Samuel explained that "Five-Quad has a
direct phone with the infirmary on campus.
The way the system works is that the inﬁr-
iiiary gets a call. and if they feel there is a
need for immediate treatment. they notify
Five-Quad within 30 seconds of the call."
)Therc is an alarm system inside the bunk
room, couricctcd to the phones in the office.

which allows members to respond immediate-
ly to calls. he explaine .

Most calls during the week are athletically-
related. he noted. adding that the weekend
calls are more alcoliolv and drug-related in-
cldents.

Many members said working on Five-Quad
gave them a feeling of helpfulness. "We like
it; it is gratifying to know you can be part of
the link". said tltc president of Five-Quad.
Dorran Rehfield. "There is a professional at-
titude among the members and it should be
respected.“ Hermsen asserted. She expressed

concern about the lack of respect from other
students. saying. “when we go on a call late
at night we usually get a bunch of jokes in-
terfering when we are trying to help so-
meone."

Samuel praised Five-Quad. saying. “it was
the ﬁrst in the state. and is now the best.“ He
added that many other schools come to
observe the efﬁciency of the system. .

Fivc-Quad is funded by SA and accepts
outside donations and one dollar from stu-
dent tuition. The phone number for Five-
Quad is 457-86”. D

Task Force sets up pilot escort service plan

 

By Jim 0'Sullivan
STAFF warren .

The University President’s Task Force on Women's Safe-
ty has released its outline for a new escort service program
for women. ‘

According to an information packet released by the task
force. the service. called "Don‘t Walk Alone." will escort
women from the library to any point on the uptown carn-
pus. and from Dutch Quad to the library from 8:30 pm. to
midnight on Sunday through Thursday nights.

   

Student Association Media Director Libby Post. a
member of the task force. said she thinks “it's a much-
iiccded change over what has been.“ She went on to outline
what she felt is wrong with the current escort service. saying
that first. it's only a “small part of the overall student
patrol and the function of escort was not a primary con-
corn." and also that “the people on the student patrol wcnt
through no screening or training process.“

Post continued. "there has never been enough public
relations to make it (the current escort service) really effec-
tive. . .there hasn't been enough outreach.“

Post went on to say that it has “got to be stressed that
this is a pilot program." Tire program is based on SUNY-
Biiffalo's Anti-Rape Task Force. Post said that "SUNY-
Buffalo's program is very succcssful; we only modified it to
fit our own university."

According to the information packet. Don‘t Walk
Alone‘s primary objective is “to provide a volunteer service
to escort women between designated locations to ensure
safety on campus." Secondary objectives include providing
a service that "will act as a deterrent to sexual assault and
sexual harassment on our campus. to assist in creating it
community sensitive to the safety needs of women" and
“to train women to provide for their own safety."

Tire recruitment and screening process will have student
volunteers submit an application to it review board of four
members. tiircc of wirorn will be women. if accepted. the
applicant will he called in for a personal interview and a
"rape quiz." based on one given at SUNYBuffalo.

lf passed. the learn members must attend a series of

"training session addressing topics dealing with sensitivity

 

“Don‘t Walk Alone" Escort Service

iii/import women from the library and Dutch Quad.

 

BU! MINDICN UPS

to women's safety concerns. minority students' concerns.
public safety and first aid." according to the packet. in ad-
dition. “volunteers will be instructed on proper conduct
and procedures to follow while on duty.“

Bctli Suter. cit-chairperson of the Feminist Alliance and a
member of the task force. said the pilot program is schedul-
'ed to start Nov. l. She looked to the future of the program
and said. “hopefully. we‘ll get some funding so that it (the
program) cnri be cxtcndcd.‘ Sitter said there are plans to ex-
pand the program to include Alumni. Colonial. lndian and
State Quads more frilly. Further expansions would place
stations in the Campus Center. tlic gym and llnwley
Library on the downtown campus.

The pilot program will be led by five directors. four

students and a faculty/staff member. The four students are
Dan Altman. Maggie Auer. Karen Roach and Scott
Rubinstein. The faculty/staff member is John Henighan.
Assistant Director of Public Safety.

Altman learned of the program through his brother. who
was involved in it at SUNY-Buffalo.

Roach said "the main thing is. we know it can be suc-
cessful because it's patterned after SUNY-Buffalo." She
added that she is "hoping it will be more accessible than the
present program. because stations will be set up at the
library and Dutch Quad. There will be teams at each sta-
tion." Auer seconded this. saying. “We're going to be right
tltcrc where the students are. where they can‘t miss us."

ercn risked why Dutch was the only quad with it station.
Roach said. “We already have a lot of contacts there. on
Dutch. but from the library. teams will walk to any of the

“We’re trying to get a
safe community for all of

US.

——Mug.ui(’ .4 tier

 

quads. We're hoping we'll have tennis on all four quads
starting next semester ii' the program is evaluated
favorably. Because of insurance reasons. it's going to be it
hassle operating off-campus. We're keeping it small-scale
for the pilot."

Auer oulincd the basic goal of Don’t Walk Alone. saying
“it'd be great to see it reduced number of crimes against
women. for women to be able to be more free on campus
and not always have to think. 'is it safe?‘ i hope the service
gets used because it’s important for all at“ us to be aware of
women’s safety issues. We're trying to get it safe communi-
ty for all of us."

Altman and Rubinstein could not be reached for corn-
merit.

Vice President for Student Affairs Frank Pogue said that
as of Monday evening. he had not been given a copy of the
packet and would “really have to see it" before he would
comment. Li

 

