 

, .. ~ -w...

pooooooooooooooooooooooooooeoeoooooooeooooag

thug l!

(Ltlét? fol"

 

4?

 

v‘tr

3.

l't' "1; far}!

unchanewr . é“

alloween: A Hometown Tale

Wayne Peereboom

ldld always like Halloween. There was something about walking around
In weird costumes and gelling free candy In the cool. crisp air that I dug.
Looking back on It. the whole thing was really pretty weird. I mean.
what could be'more bizarre than walking around dressed up as Fred
Flintstone while your best friend was Batman and his little sister was
Alice from Wonderland, And here were all these older people getting In-
to the whole thing and giving you candyl Years later. the same people
can't seem to figure It out when some drug dlsorIentated kid claiming to
be Batman tries to )ump off the top of a ten-story building.

Nevertheless. it was a feeling of great accomplishment to come ltome
with a 59-cent Woolworth's plastic pumpkin full of Sugar Babies. candy
corn. Tootsie Rolls. etc. . . I mean It didn't come easy —— In order to
amass this haul. we'd have to pound more pavement and knock on
more doors than a magazine salesman trying to support a family of five,

Anyway. very little of this mattered by the time l'd reached the age of
15. in accordance with normal mental health and development stan-
dards. I had lost interest in the trick-or-ireat rltual several years earlier.
No big surprises there But what Ill were Into the trick-or-treal trip at age
15 or 17 or 20? What If I said I was going home tonight. dressing In a se-
quined Bugs Bunny suit and hopping around people's doorsteps with a
paper bag In my hand? l'd be out on the streets maybe 20 minutes
before they came to get me.

I‘m getting off the point. On second thought. maybe l'm not. I mean.
What Is lrIck-or-lreat? For that matter. what is Halloween? What Is the
relationship between the two of them? Perhaps that great source of
luminescence. The Dictionary. can shed some light on the problem.

Here's what I found in the pages of the World Book: ". . .the evening
of October 31. before All Hollow’s or All Saints Day. It is observed
especially by children. who masquerade. beg for treats. play pranks.
etc."

Not much there. However. this "All Saints Day" thing Is new to me. It
seems rather odd that a day associated with ghosts and witches, and
about which horror mr- ties are made. would be a Saints day. it probably
started out as a totally different thing and gradually evolved Into what we
have today. Or perhaps the saints just wanted the youth to enjoy
themselves with treats. pranks and scary tales.

Now I have really gotten off the subject. What l was beginning to say
was that In my 15th yt . I had the pleasure of having Halloween fall on
a Saturday. The years before. It wouldn't have meant much because i
would have had to be home by 9 pm. no matter what day It was.
Anyway. back then the idea was to get the candy and go home.

In the full grip of puberty. however. Halloween on a Saturday night
took on a new meaning. The possibilities for hell-raising expanded simp-
ly because of later curfews.

Now the day didn't start out so hot. It was my first year on the varsity
football team and I wasn't exactly a standout. What made matters worse
was that the team wasn't that hot — pretty bad. as a matter of fact. Yes. I
spent that Saturday afternoon — as well as many others that fall — sit-
ting on the bench watching 'em lose another.

When I got home around 6 pm. I saw the light was already turned
on In the jack-o-lantern on the front steps. l'd carved the thing out the
week before. I always enjoyed doing It. but It was kind of discouraging
when some half-wit would sneak up and smash the thing 20 minutes
later. I believe that is just what happened one year after my father had
spent an extra-long time carving the perfect jack-o-lantern: we heard a
loud. disturbing noise outside and peered out to find the pumpkin —
ﬂashing light and all -- splattered on the sidewalk.

Anyway. Inside my mother had all the candy set up for trick-or-

treaters. It was all separated into these small cellophane hogs. t'ﬂt‘ll with
a friendly-looking pumpkin on the outside. The kids would shirt coming
around pretty soon. It made me feel older. somewhat aliovr- things to be
able to hand them their candy. I had conte a long way limit that first
year. when, repulsed by the weird costumes. I had llltltli'll llllllt'l the
sink with the dog for the entire evening.

Now. Halloween was a pretty big rltual Iii my small liltlill‘ltIWll lliiln
7 pm. to 9 pm. the street would be full of lrick-or-twntvrs It I] tit... a
good night. we'd give out plenty of those bags of candy.

The next evening was the grand finale ~— the Haliowuen Iltlltttlt‘ illitVn
Main Street. Yes. and prizes for different age groups were grvtttr Hill on
the Municipal Building steps. You have to realize the Il’tIl ititttlii‘lllliﬂ‘t
here was not among the kids but among the parents There in Illltl lll' all
kinds of strange and bizarre costumes — big silver liliXt‘N‘ wrih il.islrrng
lights. accordian»llke contraptions. which held six liiltlll‘il'tl kills.
etc. . .It was that comeback instinct seeking revenge for .i ltiltt't loss In
the previous year.

An always Interesting sideshow was the ongoing poiit I‘ slum ll of
teenagers for eggs —— they took their job seriously. (in .rsitrtrnily a
frightened kid would bolt and be chased until being Curiti'tt'tl lit .rn .rlley
or some such place. A search was sure to follow. but ti gun It thttrktng
kid usually had enough state of mind to destroy the EVllft‘lll‘t‘

Occasionally. the cops would nail someone. When they (lltl, \\‘It|’d
would get out fast along with the expected misinformation tllill Ililti'tlS.

Well. I left the house about 8 pm. to go meet some fllL‘Iill‘ (ll the [UP
tier store. I had to make my way around Captain Marvel .rtrti Count
Dracula In order to get outdoors. It was perfect Halloween Wtftilliut —
clear, cool and crisp. The tree-lined streets were covered thlt knives —
some of the bigger piles would be good targets for a joker with .i lithlfof
matches. Many of the houses had Jack-o-lanierns lit up as strange little
creatures were coming and going from the doorsteps.

A pretty run-down operation, the corner store nevertheless was a
central meeting spot for the kids up on “Bunker Hill." It was rtrn bytltls
guy called Lornle. Now Lornie was pretty bored with his life at the store
so he welcomed our presence as sort of a diversion. However. We did
get to be a bit much sometimes and he'd boot us out for a week or two.

I found PhIl and Joey throwing darts In the back room where we had
a little euphorium which included card and pool tables. Occastonalty.
Lornle'd let us drink beer back there — there was an ample supply inthe
next room. I watched the two of them finish up their game of five-inning
baseball — it was an official "Backroom League" match.

Short and stocky with long black hair and bushy eyebrows. Phil had
been my co-conspirator for quite some time. Summers. I would sneak
out of my house and go to Phil's, where i‘d throw rocks at his window.
He'd always wake up and climb down from his second-story window via
the porch. It was something to watch.

From there. we had a number of options: we knew which pools we
could get away swimming In. where we could steal all the Ice cream we
wanted. what stores to check for food left outside; We even knew places
where some people kept their beer. Sometimes It was just fun to wtilk
around and avoid being seen by the cops. The most fun of it was It”! the
swimming or the Ice cream or the beer Itself. but it was the way we \vunt
about It. it was covert. Illegal and a kind of a rush. We had our own llttle
underworld In that neighborhood. Half the time we thought we Wen: in
The Man from U.N.C.L.E.. Mission Impossible or some other 2.0”?”
agent show.

“So what you guys wanna do?" I asked.

"Why don't we go see what’s going on downtown." Phil said

Joey Was probably the best prepared of us. He had sotne firet‘tnt‘kt't's
and a couple of eggs -—— which had somehow remained Intact in his
pocket.

So we headed downtown with Joey throwing an (minimum)

firecracker. Things were starting to quiet down. as most of the trick-or-
treaters had headed home. The big kids had the streets now.

Our first stop was the Grand Union to pick up some yeast. This may
seem odd for Halloween. The store clerks were probably trying to figure
out what outlandish prank we had planned. However. it also happened
to be the cider season. When you're t5 years old. it's necessary to come
up with some creative ways of procuring alcohol. This year we had
decided to Invest In a gailott of apple cider. In order to facilitate the
fermentation process we had also decided to invest in some yeast.
(Author‘s note: Unfortunately. we never got to enjoy the fruits of our
labors. Before adding the yeast. the cider was poured into two gallon
containers. The Idea was to keep down the pressure caused by the
yeast. The containers were then tucked away in my cellar. Well. ap-
parently there was too tituclt yeast. because that winter In the quiet of
night. I lightly tapped one of the lrottlcs on the wall attd the damn IhIttg
exploded! I had fun explaining that one. The other bottle was poured
down the sink by my mother. A third. using fresh. hard-crushed apples.
was poured out by the local police. it just wasn't it year for home brew.)

Next we headed for Wyman's corner. This was the hangout for young
folk from throughout the town. Wyniatt's corner was ati uneven stretch
of sidewalk between Church and Matti Streets. Now. there was no
Wyman's street but there was Wyman's Store. The place would draw a
pretty big crowd —— 4t). 50 or of) kids on a short span of sidewalk is quite
a lot. Not surprisingly. concerned citizens were quite concerned about
the situation. Eventually. the scene would be killed after police started
randomly arresting people hanging out there for "disorderly conduct."
But now they were coming around every 20 minutes or so telling people
to leave. Everyone would walk around the corner and wait for the cops
to leave and then retum. it was just a game.

Wyman's corner had a pretty good crowd and there were plenty of
eggs. As a matter of fact. as soon as we got there. someone smashed an
egg over Joey's head. Joey tore off after the guy, wasting both his eggs
In a vain revenge attempt. There were occasional outbursts like this
throughout the crowd. There were also some shaving cream wars. as I
recall.

His long hair stlll matted with egg. Joey was looking for revenge. He
was trying to trade some firecrackers for the use of somebody's shaving
cream. Another handy tool for the evening was a bar of soap. While
people had mercy on Wyman's Itself. they had little for stores and cars
along the way. Most of It wasn't very artistic. It was mostly just lines and
scribbles with an occasional legible word thrown in.

Folks didn't pull too many "pranks" on terrified motorists driving past
or on property nearby. Most damage — shaving cream, soap. eggs.
pumpkin smashing —— was done on reconnaissance missions Into the
neighborhoods.

Everything was going fine until a cop car drove by. Now this alone
does not constitute any great threat. However. It does when someone
throws an egg at it and connects. The beige unmarked car (which
everyone In town knew) braked hard and pulled over. Two patrolmen
jumped out. Half the crowd ran while the othe half just stayed and
gaped. The first cop (everybody's best bet to be a state trooper I.e. the
big time) walked over to the crowd: “Now somebody gonna tell me who
did that?" Not much of a chance of getting an answer. Although occa-
sionally some attention-crazed maniac will admit to something even if he
didn't do It.

Well, the cops didn't get any response to their question so they had to
try to make some responses. Seemingly at random (I think they may
have had some clues, i never learned). they searched a few people. Not
finding anything. they told everyone to clear out.

Our threesome decided It was a good idea to tread back up to the hill.
Anyway. there was some unfinished business — a sort of grand finale —
that we wanted to tend to.

We had the luck of having the local distributor from a large area dairy
In our neighborhood. Tltls wouldn't have meant much If It weren't for
the fact that he left his refridgerated truck in the backyard — stocked and
unlocked,

We used the best of our Mission Impossible skills when pulling a raid .
on the truck. The word was that the guy who owned the truck also own—
ed a gun and had said he'd use it oti anyone breaking into the aforemen-
tioned truck.

The truck was parked toward the back of the yard In full view of the
house. We'd first streak around the perimeter of the yard to the back of
the truck. One person would stand guard outside —~ we‘d usually rotate
7- while the otherls) went In.

Being very quiet. we‘d release the latches and carefully open the
heavy door. Inside was a mass of metal crates. We'd carefully climb over
the crates which were stocked three or four feet high. lighting matches to
see what goodies we could find. Usually we'd come up with chocolate
tnilk. orange and maybc some cottage cheese. It wasn't that we Were
hungry for these things. It was just the thrill of getting them. The tneans
was the end.

We thought we hit the jackpot one night when we found a mini-keg In
there. But after that. he started locking the thitrg up and we had to cool It
for awhile urttll he "loosened security" again.

Getting the ice cream was a little trickier. The Ice cream was stored in
the lrot of the truck, which meant that whoever got It would be lit full
view of the house the entire time. A risky mission usually performed by a
brave soloist.

Halloween‘s mission was pretty routine. i think we scored some
chocolate milk and cottage cheese. and then Phil. the master thief. went
up front for strawberry ice cream. ‘

We ate some of the haul on the way to Maggie O'Donnell's. but we
didn't get those five dairy products for the purpose of consumption. We
had other plans for them. ‘ .

Now. OI' Maggie was Phil's next-door neighbor. And. put simply. she
was a pain In the ass. She was always complaining about something and
even called the police to investigate some of the "operations" we had
going In Phil's back yard. A person like this needed revenge.

We thought about her old. spindly-legged. bug-eyed yapplng dogs
but ruled them out because she kept them locked up In the side porch, It
would be too risky and besides. the things might have heart attacks. That
would be trouble.

However. out In her front yard. O'Donnell had one of those small
ceramic fishermen — about two or three feet high. sitting on a bench.
etc. -— which have been targets of teenage vandalism for years. We had
our mark.

We entered O'Donnell's yard from the back. sneaking through the
shadows of the pines. Seeing our victim sitting there. completely
oblivious to what was about to happen. we couldn't help but break out in
laughter. but we stuck with the plan. Ceremonlously. we removed the
fisherman's hat and poured the milk over his head. He was next treated
to some cottage cheese. Finally. I turned his lial upside down. filling It
with Ice cream. i took the hat and plopped it back over his head as the
Ice cream splattered over his entire body. It looked like one of those pies
in the face only the victim never changed his expression. I fell on the
ground In fits of laughter. Phil and Joey were staggering around the yard
holding onto their sides. Somebody managed to gasp. “Let's get out of
here." '

Halloweens are not like that anymore. lr'l tried to pull that stuff today
— and was caught — l'd be a sure bet to be locked up criminally Insane.
But let's face It. you can't spend the rest of your life running through
people's back yards like a banshee in the middle of the ttight. defacing
lawn ornaments.

Too bad.

OOGQOGQQOOQQQQGOQGé¢Q¢¢.9Q9§
Brach’sh ‘
RTY PACKS git; 

    

 

