 
   
 

   
 
  
    
  
 
   
   
   
  
  
   
  
 
  

  

 
  
     

 
 
 
     
 

  
 
  
 
 
 
   
  
   
  
  
   
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  

‘ wri‘rrc- "I. .

   
  

 

  

 
 

  

 

     
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
   

 

 

  
 
  
   
 
   
    
  
 
 
  

 

 

 

  
 

\l llﬂ'ﬂ I

“Ora-

aspects on tucsday

Michael J a

ver since the release of the LP

Thriller. Michael Jackson has

been center stage in most enter-
tainment magazines. Andy Warhol’s inter-
vies. (a simple fab mag). the Village Voice.
and most recently Rolling Stone have all
featured Michael in the last few months.
and to give you a general flavor. the most
meaningful information'to arise from tltese
talks Is that he and Liza Just love to gossip.
gossip. gossip. that he and Paul could
watch cartoons and ET, together all day
long. and that he and Diana Just adore go»
trig shopping. Just like ordinary people.

Craig Marks

_______.__.__.__——_____._
That's the beauty of it. Michael Jackson
Is pure escapism. without any remorse or
deep Intellect. He's been an entertainer
sliice he was five. and he always will be an
entertainer. a perfect example of a kid
gifted with a beautiful talent and dealing
with It as an adult the way i wish i would in
his situation. Call It shallow. superficial.
whatever. He's another plane. one that
maybe never touches down. and It s a great
feeling to put on one of his records and rise
up a few levels. Angst is okay. but It gets to
be a bore alter a while. if l'rn at a party and
someone starts telling me their problems.
or the world's problems. no matter how
right s/he may be. i can't wait to ftiid a
more plastic conversation.
Now obviously there's lots of music out
there that's escapist. so the question Is.
what does he have that the others don't? If
you asked him. Michael Would probably
tell you that his voice Is a gift from God.
something very wonderful and unex-
plainable. Who am i to argue? He has the
voice. a maturing falsetto which glides and
sparkles absolutely effortlessly. His voice Is
fuller now than It was three years ago on
0/] The Wall. and Thriller does pale a bit
comparison because of this. There is
nothing In Thriller that matches the over-
whelming emotion of “She's Out of My
Life" (there probably never will be for that
matter). 50 the ballads do suffer a little. But
the undeniable groove from 0/] the Wall
and the Jackson's Triumph has been
perfected and even expanded. and that's
what makes Thriller the party LP of the
year (witness a recent off-campus party
where Michael was» played for thirteen
songs in a row and was the music for at
least 50% of the time. Why can't more par-

onder what those signs act
vocating "rushes" are about all
over the Campus Center and the

podium? Well. the SUNYA fraternities are
looking for students to Join their organiza-
tions and the rush Is the six-week period in
_which potential members can participate in
the frat's Ideals. purposes. and history plus
various fundraising activities.

Lynne Siegel

 

The PI Sigma Epsilon Fraternity at
SUNYA Is a national. professional
organization in marketing and sales
research which offers first-hand experience
in these areas. SUNYA's chapter. Gama
Tau provides not only a close fraternal in-
terrelationship but also concrete practical
business experience and leadership train-
ing. extracurricular education. contacts In

 

 

ties get hip?) '

The first single from the album was the
collaboration with Paul “i've Ruined
Another Duet" McCartney. "The Girl is.
Mine". After loving It. and then hating it.
the final verdict Is that McCartney has no
soul and ruined what could've been a great
showcase for Michael's voice. The new
single is “Billie Jean". a tale about one of
the many paternity suits Michael's been
slapped with. The song is Indescribably
delicious. with a seductive bassllne and
synth feeding the boogie. and Michael's
dream-like vocals another masterpiece of
controlled excitement. The lyrics. written
by Michael. offer a revealing glimpse Into
the life of pop star, where you can't let go
enough to really trust anyone because of
the exploitative likes of Billie Jean. “Wanna
Be Starting Smethtng" Is lyrically in the
same vein: "Still they hate you. you're a
vegetable.,.you‘re Just a buffet. you're a
vegetable. they eat off you..." Like “Don't
Stop Till You Get Enough". side one. song
one on 0]] the Wall. the album kicks in
with Its strongest datice floor number. this
one using a pSBUdO‘AfI'lCilH. complicated
rhythm. and Michael's patented staccato
hiccups. Once again. Michael is the
featured Instrument. at times tougher than
he's ever been. and the next second a
sweet burst of falsetto.

For you rock and rollers out there. the
cut you've probably heard most is the
chunky "Beat it". a heavy metal/antl-
heavy metal AOR hit which Is highlighted
by the lightning-quick hands of Eddie Van
Halen. At a time when rock radio program-
mers were under heavy duty criticism cori-
cerntng their racist playllsts. Michael and
Eddie were good enough to save their
necks. and to the credit of the audience.
the song has climbed up the AOR charts. It
would be too naive to assume that this
hereby ends rock racism. but it is a move In
the right direction. and It's not coincidence
that it took an idealistic youth such as
Michael Jackson to crack the barrier.

The makeup of Thriller is very like the
Off the Wall LP as far as album structure
goes. “Baby Be Mine" is comparable to
“Rock With You" (It shares the same place~
merit as it's predecessor) from the opening
drum roll to its suave haircutters funk. “The
Human Touch" shares the same spot as
“She's Out Of My Life". and is an odd. am-
bient ballad. much subtler than his previous
slow songs. The album's only weak mo-

The Rush Is On

the professional world of business. and
career opportunities. And what's more.
PSE urges anyone with an Interest In
marketing to join! President of PSE. Bill

_ Berne. says “It can be an extremely rewar-
ding experience!"

Chartered last semester as the 915i
chapter. PSE participates in full-scale
marketing research proJects. community
service proJects. and social events. The
fraternity is backed primarily by Sales and
Marketing Executives international (SME).
SME. who's Eastern New York chapter
resides in Albany. sponsors the fraternity
and supports Its endeavors. Just to name a

members of the frat acted a Judges at a
contest of skills for the Distrubutive Educa-
tion Club of America (DECA). a
widespread marketing club for high school
students. PSE's first fundraislng project this

 

 

 

 

cks‘on’s P

 

 

 

 

ment comes on the title cut. an overly clut-
tered. failed dance number that commits
the cardinal sin of making the arrangement
more Important that Michael's singing.
What it comes down to is that' so far.
Michael Jackson has been too talented to
do any bad work. His own writing has Im-
proved greatly and have been the
highlights of his solo albums. Quincy Jones
decided not to Invite his 100 closest friends
(eg. the last Donna Summer bore) and his

year was the decorated pumpkin sale. Cure
rently.PSE Is Involved in a sales project for
the Comic Book. the comedy act which
appears at the Thruway House In Albany.
PSE also hopes to become involved in
some way with Telethon this year and to
plan a professional business seminar late in
the semester.

Expected of a potential member is an ex-
isting 3.0 cum with an upkeep of 2.75. The
orientation meeting. to be announced. will
begin the six-week rush period. Decisions
of acceptance mant be based In part on a
community service or sales proJect to be
creatively devised by the pledgers. but ac-
cording to Berne. the plans for this activity
are still In the making. The class will be ex-
pected to form its own leadership In time
which should serve to maintain a corporate
image. Scheduled at the end of the rush
period is the actual ceremony which will
honor the new "brothers". Pledge pins will
be distributed and a secret ritual perform-
ed. Pledges are to be notified of their ac-
ceptance prior to the ceremony. Weekly
responsibilities of the members will include
attendance at the general meetings and at
respective committee meetings. in addi~
tion. the fraternity's annual national cori-
vention Is a maJor affair and features top
speakers. workshops. and national com-
petitions. This spring. it Is scheduled to be
held in New Orleans. All members are
welcome to attend.

PSE activities do not end when a
member graduates. Also existing is an ac-
tive alumni organization which allows PSE
brothers to become Involved In fraternity
activities at other colleges and universities
as active members or as advisors. Alumni
participation provides continued contracts.
leadership training and educational pro-
grams. pnd futu're careerii‘nsight.

. though. Is the near-perfect voice of Michael

 

production returns to its state-of-the-fuck
art "let's dance" quality. Rising above all.

Jackson. Not since the glory years of
Smokey Robinson has there been such a
natural. soulful sound. Michael has been
offered a great deal of musical oppor-
tunities and movie parts. and It'll be fun to
see where he takes his talent from here. As
for myself. i Just hope Mindy and Melissa
throw another party real soon, i

Berne and Eric Gorman. Vice President
of Personnel. two of the original initiators
of SUNYA's PSE chapter. developed one
of the most successful fraternities existing
on many campuses all over the United
States. (The other six executive officers are
Patty Marks. Vice President of Administra-
tion. Gloria Samuels. Vice President of
Marketing. Ken Goldblatt. Treasurer.
Dawn Phillips and Mary Beuka.
Secretaries. and Dave Glassman. Corr-
troller.) Gama Tau is currently comprised
of 100 members, 50 %-odd which are
Business maJors. and is hopefully expected
to grow. Part of PSE's success here at
Albany can be attributed to the fraternity's
access to SPSS. the Statistical Package of
Social Science, which when coupled with
the University's mipl‘frame computer
facilities, aids the fraternity in Its projects.
PSE competes with other chapters on an
efficiency point system and has in the past
received substantial points for its success.

PSE offers preparation for what comes in
the future. its available experience in
Marketing and Selling Management offers
the opportunity to apply textbook
knowledge to the real world. According in
Barrie. "Becoming Involved Is the most
beneficial aspect."

Two general interest meetings will be
held on February 13th. 6:00 pm. in i'lU
137. and on the 15th at 7:30 in the same
room. The meetings will orient Interested
students who will receive various perspec-
tives on the workings of PSE frorn officers.
faculty advisors. and the student body.
Refreshments will be served. For further Iri-
formatlon. the bulletin board across from
John Levato's office In BA 361A advertises
the PSE‘s calendar of events. meetings.
guest speakers. and other activists. Garlrcjl

 

lucki .

___..

 

 

play The Mound Bullders- then you're
probably in for a serious. provocative even-

and plenty of talk talk. talk. Peter
Clough's direction hits Its stride. and The
Mountain Builders becomes the tense and
exciting play it was meant to be. .

 

Andrew Carroll

Originally produced by New York's Cir-
cle Repertory Company. where Wilson Is
company playwright and his Angel Fall ls
currently being staged. The Mound
Builders concerns an archaelogical dig
and Its effect upon the community and the
scientists who have undertaken It. Pro-
fessor August Howe and his assistant Dan
Loggins direct a tentfull of coeds in ex-
cavating an old lndian burial ground. In a
race against tliiie and a developer's
bulldozer. Along on the summer expedi-
tion are Loggln's wife. Howe's wife.
daughter and novelist sister. and Chad
Jiisker. ilie son of the local landowner, It's
Jasker who sees the land not for its scien-
tific value it will accrue once the Holiday
inn people buy up the lakefront property
and start building Chip ‘n' Putts. tennis
courts. and restaurants. it's also .lasker
who pursues the married women oti
stage. and is senil‘successful in bringing
sexnal tension to a classical confrontation
between science and industry.

The Howe and Loggins farniltes form an
explosive crew. and each member Is bound
to erupt In along. telling speech at the drop
of a shovel. Howe vents his rhetoric on a
dtctaphone. phllosophlzlng on the dig and
his troubled marriage as illustrative slides
appear on the set behind him. Loggins
needs only an artificial stimulant and a cap-
tive audience to spark his monologues.
while his wife stays prudently straight and
matches him paragraph for paragraph,

 

ou decide that this weekend

you're going to turnover a new

leaf. You're going to get really
cool. So you put on your new combat
boots. your faded jeans with all of the pat-
ches. your white shirt with the sleeves cut
off. and "truth" spray-painted across the
front (in red. “natch"). As you reach for
yourblackleather Jacket with the steel chain
wrapped around the arm, you check your
hair In the mirror to make sure it's standing
up really high. Perfect.

Gail Merrell

You call the coolest person you know.
Stiv Durschlag down the hall. You: “Hey.
Stiv man. what say you and i hit the
Chateau tonight?" Stiv: “Dunno. Like what
band is playing there?" You: “Some really
loud group from the city." Stiv: “You sure
they're loud?" You: "Have you ever heard
of a quiet band forrn the City?"

' So Stiv agrees to go with you and you're
feeling really good. This isn't Just anyone
that you're walking with. Stiv is the son of
Jello Durschlag. lead singer of the “Dead
Roosevelts" whose hardcore hits “Holiday
in Commac". “Kill the Not-Rich" and

famous with all of the campus punks.

So you head down to State Street and
hang a right onto South Pearl. following
Stiv's lead, Shitl This is a really dangerous-
lookliig areal Who knew that the Chateau
was down here? But you keep cool as you
enter the club. which looks like it took at
least five minutes to put together.

As you and Stiv look around. you notice
that .no one is dressed like you. They're all
wearing Jeans. sweaters. and Jogging
sneakers. The band playing tonight Is “The
Nitecaps". who Just released their first
album. You ask the girl next to you what
they're like and she says that they're great.
She saw them open for the Go-Go's two
years ago at NYU and they had everyone
dancing and clapping their hands. Stiv
overhears this and starts going manic. The

 

Go-Go's? They opened for the Go-Go's?-

“haunt—nut... “run-rum taro-«n1:‘amum.m..«...._ . . .
. .. t . . . . .| . .

vice that his plays take some get-
ting used to—posted in the lobby
of the Market Theater. where Capital
Repertory Company Is presenting his 1975

tug of theater. For once you get past a long
first act cluttered with erratic performances

Nitecap

“Let's Lynch the Super" have made them ‘

 

 
   

Race For Time

I f you take Lanford Wilson's ad-

oodwin Rice and Kathleen Masterson in Capital Rep's

The MoundBuilders.

 

Delia "D.K." Eriksen. Howe's hypochon-
driac sister and a glohetrottlng novelist.

'recuperates on the cabiii's couch and for

most of the play seems to be writing her
latest novel aloud. She does some of her
best talking with Loggins' wife Jean. a
gynecology Intern with a history of mental
illness.

The play proceeds in a series of these
verbal confrontations: Jean speaks of her
early life and breakdown as champion

5 Come

His spit just misses you as he storms out the
door mumbling “dancing and clapping
their hands."

You decide to stay to see what they're
like. After all. you've never been here
before. Besides. you already paid to get in.
The band comes on and they open with
“Same Situation", a real hot song that has
lots of soul. The song is punctuated by a
tight horn section who call themselves the

 

speller. D.K. talks earthlly of her months in
the Middle East. and Loggins finds mean-
ing in a New York City fire alartn box. At
their best. Wilson's speeches strip off layers
of psychology arid emotion. as a spade
might uncover one ancient civilization
buried beneath another, But often they
ramble on and seem very much beside the
point. Of‘course. the actors are responsible
when the monologues approach either ex-
treme. As Dan Loggins. Michael Hume

o The Line

Uptown Horn Section and have prayed live
dates with .i. Geils. among others. There is
lots of great guitar work going on as you
start tapping your feet and bobbing your
head. You're entering a new dimension in
sound. The Chateau slowly fades
away—the patched walls and low ceiling
vanish and suddenly it's the middle of the
summer and you're playing stick bail on the
street, The box is blasting and Sly Stone is

 

 

  

 

does a good Job In capturing a hip, en
thusiasilc "Polly-andy". and two of his
speeches. Including a lovely evocation of
the civillrailon which built the mounds. are
especially fine. Susanne Marley’s D.K. is a'
strong. funny performance. although she's'
probably given too much to say. and Chris
Fracchtolla's Chad Is a terrifically sinister
(and ultimately sympathetic) local caught
up in eveiiis beyond his control or intellect.
Kathleen Masterson. on the other hand.
doesn't seem to have a firm Ideal of Jean
Loggins' character at all. and she delivers
all of her lines In a breathless voice which
lies somewhere in between enthusiasm and
sheer terror. Particularly unsettling is her
treatment of art exchange with Fracchtolla.
While his Jasker speaks excitedly of the
plans underway for the new motel and a
superhighway. it's impossible to tell
whether Jean is happy for his success or
mortified at the fate of the dig. a pivotal
point In the play As August Howe. the
usually excellent James Goodwin Rice
scents confined by ilowe's ponderous
speechlfytng. accustomed as he Is to more
energetic roles In Table Manners, True
West, and 'l'ririrrl/e.

Clougli's direction is competent and
especially compelling In the second act.
Some problems. however. Include an
entginniatic treatment of Howe's wife Cyn-
thia (played by Christie Virtue) and an inn-
biguous use of Ray Recht's simple rustic
set. We never really understand what Cyn-
thia's problem is. while the characters often
violate the logic of the lourili wall when
they reach the cabin's porch by either a
screen door of by walking directly tdWards
the audience. (i also had to wonder how
much the audience In the ilieater's side‘
seats saw of l’lowe's slide Show.)

The Mound Builders continues through
February 2t). and Capital Rep will premiere
Nina Sliengold's l'fOtﬂESlCGdei’S on
February 2() Discounts are offered to
students and groups of 20 or more. Stu-
dent rush tickets. which are available at half
price. are available Tuesdays through
Fridays half an hour before curtain at the
Market Theater Box Office. _

singing “Hi hi hi hi there" from "Hot Fun in
the Summer Time". You've been moved
by the music into a world of summer. par-
ties. and soul. You blink and you're back In
the club watching .lolin Xavier's sweat pour
from his witicing face as he cries out In an
excited moment. The whole crowd is going
wild; everyone is getting into The Nitecaps.
Each song sounds so familiar. yet it never
ends up where you think it will go. “Go to
the l. rte" uses building horns from the
mid-(70's llltil ~' will the Spiral Staircase ("i
Love You M ...- i'orlav Than Yesterday")
but has surprisingly fast guitars that seem to
chase each other in circles. Xavier's vocals
direct the action. which is a little funky and
a little Jazzy The Nitecaps have a highly
UitL’igL‘lIC brand of pop soul that sounds
fresh and clean They start to slow down a
hit on “Somebody Cares". a Jazzy barroom
blues number Next up is "Little Too
Long". which showcases the kind of
screamiii' vocals that Van Morrison is so
wild at.

By this time. you're totally won over by
the band; you d’hn't want them to leave. A
roaring crowd demands an encore so back
they come with their best effort. “Hot Pave-
ment" that hooks you with its heavy bass.

The band leaves and you can't believe
it—-it feels like a dream. There's a good
reason for that—~it was a dream. The
Nitecaps won't be in Albany until this.Fri-
day. So don't dream it. be It and get down
to the Chateau this Friday. the eleventh to
hear the boys play. And don't forget to
listen to 91 FM for your chance to win
albums from the Nitecaps and tickets to the
show, Oh yeah. and tell the Stiv to come
along too. He'll be happy he did. Cl

 

Correction-

Aspects would like to extend an apology to
Will Yurman. Will was the photographer
who took the pictures in last Fridays
Centerfold. and his photo credit was ac-
cldently left out. We appreciate all his pa-
tience and accessibility. We're really sorry,

aspects on tuesday

“I!!! \D

1
9

i.

 

Will.

 

 

 

l t9

 

