 

 

 

 

_ _~...;.:-. .

_' ..:.

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2 sports October ALBANY STUDENT PRESS a OCTOBER 4.1983 R
From the Editor Contents

This is the first of eight sports supplements that 3 INTERVIEW: Pam .Krusew “ h’OI ‘
WI" be PUbllShEd this Year- A NEW addillon I0 ll"? Aformer olympic medal Winner describest c ygilplc
ASP! lhe Sports Supplemenl WI” enable “5 ‘0 write experience in her own words and how it has affectc M
on areas of the sports world that We are unable to tire,
cover In the re ular issues.

A major goalgof these issues is to go beyond the 4 COVER STORY: THE RISE OE
SUNYA campus and look at the rest of the sports WOMEN IN SPORTS
world. In this issue the cover story focuses on the A look at the new SUNYAC conference and how
rise (“women In lnlefCOIIEBlale SPOIISv In addition: women's intercollegiate sports has grown in the past
this month’s interview ls with Par: Kruse, alolym- decade, Marc Schwarz reports.

ic medal winner for the Unite States. 5 e pro-

Sides insight into what participating in the Olym- 6 Pennant Fever: CATCH IT! 1
Pics l5 like and how It has alleCIed [he “35‘ Of her ASP columnist Mark Levine looks at the upcoming
llfe- d baseball playoffs and gives his picks.

Columns ando lnions on rofesslonalan major
college sports is thother areg that will be covered. 6 WHY THE METS ARE SO AMAZIN’
Mark LeVine and ROb Rafal PIOVlde Ihl5 monlhys A humourous look at the reasons people stick with the
VIEWS 0" malor league baSEball- In the lumre we Mt'ts. Rob Rafal fills us in from Agee and [ones to Wilson
hope to run stories on football, pro and college and 5,,‘le,,.,,y' -
basketball and hockey.

Another feature that we hope to run in every 7 THE |NTRAMURAL REPORT
supplement IS an omdoor’s BUlde- This "lomhr Rich Udewitz introdtltes AMlA-WlR/l. The first seg
Tom Kacandes describes Albany from a runner’s mom “(a ",0,"th ream“.
point of view. In issues ahead, we will focus on the
best spots to ski in the area, where to catch the best 8 A RUNNERIS GU|DE To ALBANY
“5h and how to ﬁnd the be“ place to go camping: Tom Kacandes goes beyond Perimeter Road and into

The goal 0‘ this Supplement IS to 30 beyond me Albany on a quest of places to run.
game stories and provide what insight we can into
the world of sports. Future cover stories include a
look at Albany‘s two professional teams, the i984 
Winter Olympics and a special basketball preview
in NOVember- EDITOR: Marc Schwarz

We hope you enjoy the premiere issue of the ASP . .

Sports Supplement and please feel free to tell us ASSOCIATE EDITORS. I
about any ideas, criticisms or compliments you Tom chantlt‘S, Mrlrk Lovrne
have. Our mailbox is located in the ASP office in STAFF; Rob an’nl, Rich lecwitl
“329- PRODUCTION: Patricia Mitchell
/\l\/\ mw/ l) (“kr‘ueioa/t- W, PhOtOS

' UPS: cover, page 4, page 7, page 8. Photo on page 6
t “  reprlnted with permission of Allyn and Bacon.

._J

 

 

'5‘?

J UOJ'.4Q§U.¥I.¥#.U‘."Q¥¥¥J§UU4¥§IU‘UIOU.

,SIIIYA ICE HOGKEY GLIIB

 

Favorite Recipes Direct From Your Family
Dinner THURS. OCT. 6th
on your quad:

STATE QUAD-Raymond DchrlonPeppers and Steak
DUTCH QUADcRobcrt Mahler-Pot Roan
KOSHER DUTCH-Scott Bernstein-Sweet and Sour
Meatball:
COIDNIAL QUAD-Frederick BubecknBccf Stew
INDIAN QUAD-Adam Ginsberg-«Beef Cuba
ALUMNI QUAD-Jennifer Clury~Tomto, Beef,
and Green Pepper.

-Mu-c Levlrwolaentil Cluerole

   

oicooosccooooscieccoocccccacsc

 

GENERAL II'I'EIES'I' HIE'IIIG
THUIS- 081' 6, 1:30 P." L85
INTRAMURALS, ALL —STAR TEAM «$25. 00 DUES

FOR MORE INFO:

DRE W RUBIN, PRES 457- 7828

 

'F4'ﬁeouoeaooooceeceoeoooecounces

ovousoaaaaaua‘aoee-.---¢na‘-

8| FIIIDED .

UUIDUUQ

 

 

 

 

 

 

s‘IOOoo OFF HEALTH CLUB SPECIAL s10000 OFF 

SAVE $100 WITH THIS COUPON OFF REG. PRICE OF $250. YOUR PRICE OF 5150 FOR

WOMEN'S MEMBERSHIP

mo, THE BODY worms

“HEALTH AND FITNESS canrsrr' 
FACILITIES INCLUDE:

0 Nautilus Exercise Equip.

O Paramount Exercise Equip.

0 Free Weights

0 individual Exercise Programs

0 Professional Statt- will Work with
you for but rosultq

0 Weight Training

0 Body Building

0 Flexibility 8i Endurance
0 General Appearance

0 Specific Sport Training

“MTSOFBITDAVS OETINSI‘IAPENOWI

 

 

 

FREEZE YOUR MEMBERSHIP
OVER THE SUMMER

no. 1 crua in THE AREA
PROGRAMS INCLUDE:

0 Body Shaping

' BOdY Ptopotflonlng

0 Strength Training

' Firming & Body Toning

' Wont-Loss a. Diet Program

ALL PROGRAMS CAN as MIXED AND MATCHE) At no iser com
GREATI

LOCAiEOAiiiieconnazomausooiiAnoAveasAummmmomsr ms

_1 YR. MEMBERSHIP lmenj

Expires Oct. 30, 1983
HOSNTN.

 

 

 

 

 

121‘ k“ ~~2"«ﬁ&\'&z Lia

 

 

w

Interview:

Pam Kruse swam in the I968 Summer
Olympic Games in Mexico City for the
United States. A world record holder in three
evean and an American record holder in four
events as well as a three time National Cham-
pion, Kruse won a silver medal in the 800
meter freestyle and finished fourth in the 400
meter freestyle in the Olympics. She also won
two gold medals and a silver in the i967 Pan
American Games in Winnipeg, Canada. She
competed on the US. team that traveled to
the Soviet Union, Poland, West Germany,
South Africa and Rhodesia. Presently, Kruse is
a student at the University of Michigan Law
School in Ann Arbor which she expects to
graduate from in May l985.

Prior to entering law school, Kruse worked
at Michigan State University ﬁrst as an in-
tramural administrator and then as assistant
director for labor relations.

Kruse entered the Olympics With high t-x-
j)(‘(‘fallt)ll5. Along with Debbie Meyer and the
rest of the US. swim learn, Krust- hoped to
lead a sweep of her events. While Meyer won
two golds and the team as a whole was very
successful, Kruse suffered through what she
terms a disappointing performance. Slit»
discusses the Olympic experience and life
after the Olympics in this interview.

Krirse worked as a summer .nsot late at the
New York law firm of Wiritiirop, Stiliisoli.
Putnam S Roberts, where she was interview-
t'ff lit luly by ASP Spi iris I'rlltor Marl Hi fI\\'.II/.
ASP: Participating and winning a medal to
the Olympics is something very few people

can hope to achieve, What was that ex-
perience like? How has it .iffetteil your life
since their?
KRUSE: looking back, the only thing I find
disappointing is that memories tend to
lit't ome more blurted as to what it meant.
It’s definitely a very significant part of my life.
I remember feeling, especially after what was
expected of me in the 400, that I didn’t meet
up to my best time and we were sort of plan-
ning that we would finish l»2—.l In all the free
style events and | sort of blew it there
because fourth isn’t third even though it was
just a few tenths of .i second off. The 800
wasn’t really my event. I’m really 200, 400,
and I didn’t make the 200, which I should
have made but somehow I made the riot). So
I was .i little more iiplight about it because i
wasn‘t as confident in that race coupled with
the fact that in the States we just don't swim
the 800 all that much. We either swim 400’s
or ISOOS, so it was sort of a wierd thing. I
remember feeling a great deal of pressure
because I had done it lot of sacrificing but
more importantly my family had done an
awful lot. My coach had given me all his time
and I kind of felt after the 400 that I had fail-
ed. I felt like I had to come back with
something. And then of course there is that
whole national spirit, you want to do it for
your country and that whole thing. That
comes in there too, at least I felt that strong-
ly. I remember when it was over having this
great feeling; I would really like to . . . a test
tube came to mind at that time. . .just bottle
it up and bring It out when I wanted it
because it was such a great feeling. I found
that as the years have gone by that it has lost
some of that significance that it had at that
time and | find that very disappointing. I wish
that wasn't the case, but I do find watching
sporting events and sometimes watchingth
Olympics it does tend toldraw that back and
make it a little closer but at that time it was
definitely the most signiﬁcant thing in my life
and I feel that my life is totally different
because of it.
ASP: You speak of being disappointed only
finishing fourth, yet that still is fourth in the
world. Is there too much pressure put on
winning and not enough emphasis on enjoy-
Ing the sport?
KRUSE: I think at that level there definitely
is. The big adjustment that I had to deal with
is that my coach and where I came from it
was much more your own individual times
and working on your splits and planning
your nice strictly from the times and the
Olympic Trials was the first time where all of
a sudden times become really irrelevant. You
have to finish in the top three. That was a real
adjustment for me and even in the (iames
themselves. it was sort of the same thing, the
times don't carry the same significance that
they used too. I feel frolii at least my perspec-

tive the Olympics tend to put more pressure
on you because it Is concentrated more on
your finish. The whole thing is how many
gold medals did the U.5. win. But I do feel

' there is a tremendous pressure there.

ASP: The way the Trials are run In our coun-
try the top three flnlshers at the trials are on
the Olympic team whether or not they are
the best three swimmers or not. Is that a fair
means of determining an Olympic squad?
Should it be changed?

KRUSE: I would like It to. I could give you a
really vivld example in the 200 freestyle in
the trials. Going Into the trials, I held the
World record for It and In the finals seven of
us, all but one, finished under the world
record and only three could make the team.
It seems when you get that caliber of people
together and then you're telling four of these
people who broke the world record, "you’re
not going to make the Olympic team." That
sort of speaks for itself. But yet you have to
do the cutoff somewhere. It might be better
to have somethlng relative to a world record.
If you could be under that then maybe you
coultl extend It and he an extra.

ASP: l low would you compare your yoiiih to
those of your classmates who didn‘t swim
everyday?

KRUSE: | feel as if I totally skipped the high

OCTOBER 4,1903 a ALBANY STUDENT PRESS sports October 3

Pain Kruse

 

Olympic Medalist:

mental piece. I think they kind of balance
out, I feel that Mike (Burton) is less talent
with a heavy piece of mental. Mark Spitz is
sort ofan Interesting example. He has a lot of
natural talent and In 1968 he just lost it men~
tally and then he got It together In 1972 and
look what he did.

ASP: Did you set goals for yourself? How Im-
portant was winning?

KRUSE: I set goals but they weren't winning.
My competition was with myself. Now if you
want to say winning against myself, then I
have to say yes. They were all short term
long term goals. Basically we focused on two
meets a year, the outdoor and Indoor na-
tionals and everything else took second seat
to that.

ASP: You talk about "we." Who was “we,”
your coach, your family?

KRUSE: IIoth. My family was very suppor-
tive. The other thing I give them credit for is
that they recognized they weren‘t coaches.
They didn't try and butt In and tell me what
to do, which a lot of parents do. It was
whatever I wanted to do and whatever my
coach recommended.

ASP: Financially the training and practicing
was handled by your parents. Should there
he in the United States as there is in the
Fastern Bloc countries government support

 

 

 

school experience. I just didn’t do the things
other kids did.

ASP: Do you regret that?

KRUSE: When i came to college I did. I felt

like I was plopped down Into an environ-.

ment that I wasn’t prepared for. I hadn‘t
done all the other stuff. It’s like when you are
studying for a test and you skip over stuff
because you don't understand it and then on
the test it invariably shows up.

ASP: To win an Olympic medal, does it take
more than just physical talent? What
separates the winner from another athlete?
KRUSE: My own personal feeling is there is.
I'm sure a lot of other people might dispute
that. Especially in the Olympics, you are
dealing with a real heavy mental compo-
nent, because usually at that levol people are
in top physical condition. As far as talent
goes, granted some people are more
talented than others but then i have a bit of
bias in that you are not going to do it if you
have zero talent; but hard work can make up
fora lot of that. For instance Mike Burton,- he
actually started swimming because he had
polio. He had to do swimming for therapy;
he had difficulty walking, etc. He’s one of
the gutsiest people I know and he ended up
winrilng one of the hardest events, the I500.
ASP: In your case, what made you a top
caliber athlete? '
KRUSE: I guess I’m sort of a lot like the mold
that a lot ofpeople are. I had a fair amount of
talent and then I was able to combine the

 

 

 

for athletics?

KRUSE: That's a tough question. First let me
preface my answer by saying that swimming
is not financially as burdensome as some
sports are. I was a member of the Florida
Gold Coast Association. Once you qualify for
the nationals, the Gold Coast group picked
up your plane ticket to the nationals. If you
won a championship the AAU would pick up
your plane ticket to come and defend your
championship. For several years they would
even pay for your hotel stay. For me, I would
like to see the other countries not subsidize
their athletes. It is amateur. Maybe I’ln out of
touch with everything they are doing right
now because if there is a lot of weight work
and other special training, and if you need
that in order to compete, then we should
subsidize. That may be an answer to why We
quit swimming so early.

ASP: Why don't you swim anymore?
KRUSE: Basically what happens to me when
I step into a pool is | sort of get this mind set
of what I used to do. I didn't enjoy going to
practice everyday. It was one of those things
you realized you had to do and you did it.
You realized that Is the only way you were
going to improve and I wanted to improve.
Repeats are sort of a drag and when i stop in-
to a pool lcan't just splash around. It’s like I
should be doing something that I know
couldn‘t come close to. If I went in there anti
did repeats i’d just be horrified. I couldn‘t
come close to what I used to do. That's part

of the reason and to me it's not a very
sociable activity either. However, I must say
I went swimming last weekend for the first
time In three years and It wasn’t as bad.
ASP: You traveled to Russia and swam
against the Eastern Bloc athletes. Was there
any Interaction between the two teams?
KRUSE: There wasn’t that much. Once again
the language barrier was really there. They
did have a social event In Russia which we
didn't have. Normaly in the States after you
swim your event you get your medal. They
had an activity at the end of the meet and
everyone got together and they had cham-
pagne and Instead of a medal one of the
things I got Was a silver caviar bowl. I also got
a jewelry box. There you had a little oppor-
tunity to converse but It was one of those
things where we were sort of Immature
about It. Getting there It was like, "was our
hotel room bugged?" and things along that
line. It was very different as far as you did feel
watched. They had an Interpreter that was
with you. As soon as you started going
someplace he didn’t want you to go you
were called back. It was a lot more restric-
tive. As far as actually talking with the
athletes, we never saw them. We were at the
pool, practicing. The only time we saw them
was when wo swam against them and then
usually at the meet itself. Meeting them
wasn’t your top plority.

ASP: What about .it the Olympic Village?
KRUSE:A little bit more so there. The big
thing they hail .it those times which broke
down a lot of barriers was that they had a lot'
of trailing. Sweets or little pins or those kind
of things. the Ll.S. stuff was in top demand.
You could talk to anyone and say trade and
they knew exactly what you meant. It was a
universal word. I really wanted to get a Rus-
sian sweat suit.
ASP: Did you make any friends at the Olym-
pics with athletes from other countrles?
KRUSE: They tried to make it easy by putting
people together but unfortunately I did not
go out of my way. That would be something
if I were to do it over again that I would try
not in he so into myself as t was and try to
meet other people. They did have social ac-
tivities in the evening. They had bands. The
swimming was at the end of the Games so
you were not as willing to do that. It was pro-
bably more fun for the track people who
finished their events halfway through the
Games and then had a good time. I think
that’s part of the reason I didn't do that.
ASP: Do you still keep in contact with any
teammates?
KRUSE: I kept in contact with a few people
for a while. But that kind of dwindled. It
seems like a lot of the contacts are made
through the coaches. They are still doing a
lot of the stuff and they will maintain contact
with the coach and you ﬁnd out how people
are doing through the coach. I would also
see people in Florida.
ASP: What was the atmosphere on the U.S.
team like? Was it competitive or friendly?
KRUSE: I think you were always somewhat
an individual but you were also a team. We
had altitude training so we were together a
little longer than most teams. That was kind
of nice because we became more of a group
.ind got used to going out with each other.
And definitely the United States brought you
together, you wanted to do your thing for the
country. You were much more part of a
team, but I don't know anyone you could
ask who wouldn‘t want to win.
ASP: Did the thin air in Mexico City affect
yor swimming performance?
KRUSE: The research at that time was that
for sprints it wouldn’t be that noticeable but
that as the distance increased you would get
into the oxygen debt more. The dlstance
times were tiff. there weren‘t the records set
that there normally are. Ididn't notice it at all
in Colorado; that was where we trained.
Then I did notice it for the first time in the
400. I tend to swim a paced race and then at
the point where I should have been putting it
on, i usually was .i very strong ﬁnisher and
with a hundred to go, there was nothing
there and I went “huh” and I know other
poeple felt that too. In the 800 my time was
off, but I didn't feel it as much as in the 400.

So maybe as soon as you realize it you ad—
8 >

 

a A. J.»tl\.'.xullf ummmoﬂﬁ;

 

