 

Jeep

he old Jeep In the field Just sat. it sat
and sat. all day. all night. We lived
In it when it rained and were shad-

ed from the sun when it got hot. The years
turned it into rusty red but it was always black

_ in the night. except when it snowed and then

It was white and grey and shades of blue.
And so' the Jeep was a colorful one for as
long as I could remember.

Daniel Barth

Daddy told stories there to me and my
friends under the warm sun. We sat on the
seats and listened. He told us stories about
wars. Wars are what they use Jeeps for. he
told us. His stories made us laugh and cry
and wonder why men did these awful things.
But he didn't know. Sometimes when we
played in the field we pretended to be men
doing one of those wars. but we never found
out. We had too much fun anyway. Then
Morn would call me to help her find food
and all the moms called all my friends. too.
and they helped their moms, There was
never any food In the jeep so we never went
there for that reason. All It had were weeds
growing where they shouldn't. Into the floor
through the holes tn the bottom.

My daddy says it doesn't work anymore. He
says the tires are flat and the thing that makes
it go Is too rusty and old. What are tires. I
asked him.

Daddy once explained to us all. He said. you
are all old enough to know this. Men call us
rodents. mice. and they don't like us. Does
this mean we're going to do a war with them.
Daddy? No. Men only light men. son. and
we Just stay away and hope that they leave
us In peace. By the end of the big talk Daddy
gave. we were a little confused. You'll
understand one day. _

And the Jeep is still there to play on and hide
in and sneak under: it will never move. The
men will never come.

But i saw two walking through the forest one
day. My friend. a squirrel. saw them too. He
said to me. Dan those are men but one Is a
woman. They stopped in the jeep. sitting In
the field like always. and sat in the old seat.

 

The squirrel said. they are In love; look. they
are kissing. See, men can love. too. he said.
Just like mice and squirrels. Just then the
man and the woman stopped kissing and
looked at us. They were big and so we ran.
The squirrel ran up his tree but l ran to Dad-
dy. l'm a little mouse but I can run last.

i didn't know what to think of men. They
did wars but they love. too. i was afraid of
them (Daddy told me to be) but l was
curious. l told Daddy. He got mad. Are you
a man. he asked. or a mouse? A mouse of
course Daddy. Well then act like one and
stay away from men,

Iheard Mommy crying in the twigs. Daddy
told on me. I went to the Jeep.

The man and the woman were still there.
They were holding hands and smiling In the
jeep. i didn't know what to do. So i crept up
to the Jeep real quiet and watched. Yes. they
were In love. men. but one a woman. in
love. l realized that they were watching me
too. The man asked me closer. l slowly ap-
proached and climbed to the jeep. l was
scared.

 

 

Hi. the man said. hello little mouse. Don't
be afraid.

Daddy told me to be. I said. He told me i
should stay away from men.

The Jeep creaked underneath.

I stood on the Jeep’s hood. The woman
held out a hand and touched me. He's so
soft. the woman whispered, l Jumped back
and nearly fell off the side of the jeep; the
woman's hand caught me. You shouldn't be
afraid. l'm not afraid of you. she told me.

Why should you be afraid of a little mouse

like me? Men are so big and do wars and kill.

But with all the hate and pain there Is love
too. she said with a singing whisper. The
man smiled. too.

The Jeep quietly shuddered.

l once heard someone say. the man said.
that the only devils are the ones lighting in

 

OCTOBER 28, 1983

,\\ .u'

the hearts of every one of us. That little
fighting devil sees differences everywhere.
and every difference makes him stronger.
But If love filled the heart the devil would be
lost. Only then Is it possible to live in peace.
Do you know who told me that?

Who. i asked. and he lowered his hand.
Why. you. Your eyes. your trust. your

concern told me what I've longed to learn.
You told me.

Me? Without saying a word? I told you?

Yes.

And he told me.

The Jeep Is still there and full of colors. but
i don't mind. The colors I see elsewhere are
brighter. My devil Is gone and my heart ls
warm (I have my winter fur). When Daddy
tells us stories l hear different words. | listen

and hope.

One day the Jeep will be gone. Cl

The Late Night Donut Queen

he usual name pin is missing from

I Pat's uniform. but it's not

Inecessary; If one doesn't know her

name. a more familiar customer will reveal it

soon enough. Her cap. covering fairly neatly

curled brown and grey hair. matches the
seats.

Kim Patch

Ten minutes past midnight. ten minutes
Into her six hour shift. and Pat is In full form
A few words about her books. collectors edi-
tlons. drift down the length of the counter.
Quickly she turns to someone else. to talk of
her grandchildren. “i never carry pictures -—
boring —-— to me a kid is a kid. some are
smarter. some are...everythlng. Pictures.
they're boring. I mean I love my grand-
children; Steve. I love with a passion. and
Amanda. she's so funny. it took them eleven
years to have. oh no no no l'm wrong nine
years. and we prayed ~> oh boy, Steve was
the only grandchild then but he was never
spoiled. l was but he wasn't. My parents
were divorced and my Dad raised me. it's
really funny when you think...and then my
kids. six of them. they had everything. My
Dad is why. my ex-husband was a Jackass.
their grandfather was their father. The first
three my ex was OK. the next three he
didn't pay attention, he's a Jackass —- and
l'm being nice." She laughs. turning her at-
tention to the coffee machine. but quickly
starts up again. "Where're all the spoons?
You know the cups get broken. but spoons?
I think they eat them. either that or steal
them. but i don't know who would want to
steal these." Laughing with her customers.
she leans one hand on the counter for a
minute before heading to serve someone
else.

' weird characters

 

She Is thin and moves quickly — like she
speaks. but her usual rambling talk becomes
much shorter. choppler. when addressed for
interview purposes: 'lWU-and'ri'liitlf
years ..all shifts. but I like this one the
best you work alone. no bickering... l sleep
in the morning...l didn't know one day from
the next for thre months. but you get used to
it . the morning shift is llt‘: worst ~ too
busy, .()h once In a while you get a few
." But the talk once again
flows smoothly as the subject drifts away
from herself "A kid inooned me out in front
once, oh. he was real cute. I liked hitn front
and back." She laughs. and. realizing her
audience has widened. repeats “I liked him
front and hack." and again laughs. continu-
ing "I know them all. and exactly what they
take. One guy comes in three times it year.
he always has orange-juice  a huge glass
like this " She picks tip a tall glass from
underneath the counter. holds it up for a se-
t:ond. and keeps talking (is ﬁll“ puts it back
“Teri straight. well. i don't know about the
sugar. but that's - and their a doughnut. but
that changes. it could be any kind. Here's
this guy." her eyes look beyond the counter.
outside the large windows composing the
outside wall. “He comes in every night. he'll
have coffee cake " She turns toward the col-
lee machine, pours one of the piiik~lettcrcd
white cups very full. and slowly carries It to
the counter. She looks over the counter and
down at the stools. hesitates. and places the
beverage precisely on a spot corresponding
to a certain stool. As she goes back to get a
spoon and napkin. the young darkhaired
guy she had pointed out comes in and sits
down two stools to the right of the coffee.
She looks around and'says ‘No. i got it all
ready for you right here" as she walks over
and neatly puts down the spoon and napkin

 

  

beside the steaming cup llc sinilcs «is he
guts up to move.

She keeps the drawer ttpt‘It rtllt'i' putting
away money exchanged loi .i tttflt't.’ and
three doughnuts She picks up n handful of
quarters and looks through llit'Itl. dividing
her visual attention between the quartch and
the customers "I save the bicentennial ones
for a guy who puts them iii the bank for his
grandaughtur for her future college educa»
tion." Pot looked down .‘it the quarters. slow~
ly sorting them. she smiles. “We put money
the bank for my grandson. he's got
enough now at fourteen I told his Dad he
can get him a car when he turns sixteen" she
laughs. “He said 'cut that out l’at'. l was only
kidding." she explained. gesturing with her
free hand. ‘

A customer leaves. "Take care now" she
calls after lilm as the door closes. Her atten-
tion Is needed by someone at the' "to go"
counter. She admires an opal necklace while
the declslori ls being made. ilien'remarks
“but i never wear mine here. it's a ring. l'm

 

W

afraid of losing it. Oh no. you don't want
those munchkineL they're yesterday's. but
everything else ls good." She pauses. their
goes on "I lost .r diamond chip out of this"
displaying her loft ring finger." Right here"
she gestures. sweeping the area who
doughnuts are kept with her arm. ‘
here (it making doughnuts" slte speculates.
"Nobody corriplalned. but then it's so small."
and. with .i laugh. she's off to get the cup of
soup to go wanted by her immediatcrut-
dicnce standing by the cash register. "Oh
you‘ve got a lot of soup In there" she says as
the customer questions the decision of a cup
Instead of a bowl of minestrone. "l'm stip-
posed to only put one scoop In there but I
always fill It to the top,"

As the night goes on. Pat continues under
bright artificial lights until the sun‘s natural
rays begin to shine. Her hands keep picking
up doughnuts by one's and two‘s with those
ptnk~lettered pieces of wax paper. her stories
still countered by the laughter of
customers. L]

  

 

  

    

9 OBER 28. .1983

 

 

  
  
   
   
   
  
  
 
   
    
  
   
 
 
  
  
    
    
 
 
   
   
   
   
  
  
 

very funny man came to entertain
‘ more than. 3.000 students and
parents Saturday evening In the
mnasium. David Brenner performed for
n extremely rowdy audience. following a
5-minute delay. Despite sight and sound
Ifficulties for parts of the large gym. the
ow was a major success. Laughter was
on-stop. breaking only to hear this man's
ntlcs about everyday. commonplace situa-
ons.

 

ue Spector
, Known for his exceptionally long body
'nd nose. Mr. Brenner shows distinct
haracteristics when performing. Constant
. ctlon and successful delivery were evident
rough his one-hour show. Following no set
atterri or continuity. the conimedtnn stret-
ied his ideas from funny signs to policemen
fat people.
in commenting about signs. he spoke
bout one which read ‘We have menus in
rallle.’ His comment was. "how is a blind
an able to read the sign If it is not in
raille itseiil“ Another humous sign he men»
oried was one appearing on a truck moving
‘ reading 'Wide Load' Mr. Brenner's
mment was “Shouldn't Orson Wells wear
sign saying "Big A552)?"
Other Jokes related to fat people. Accor-
Ing to Mr. Brenner. “l-‘at people should not
do on mopeds . . . why? . . . Because Its
ary since one cannot see the bike under
eml"
Many Jokes centered around his ex‘
erlences In New York, Los Angeles and his
ace of birth. South Philadelphia, His com-
arlsons and contrasts between the first two
I Ities were hysterical. The New York City
'rnaterial apparently carried over with great
success. since a large number of the universin
ty's community originates from that area.
His variety of material was refreshing.
, although there was one disappointment. He
did not include any material pertaining to
college life. Only one comment he made
referred to college type partleswhen he was
'_explainlng “making babies." According to
Mr. Brenner. we were all accidents and
"‘wlthout parties and alcohol none of us
would be here!"
David ls light and comical. He Is not

overbearing and stays away from any dirty or

E
C
U:
I:

 

 

raunchy type of material. Hls Jokes are both
well written and Intellectual. But. as l was
able to discover In an interview with Mr.
Brenner. there Is another side to this suc-
cessful comedian.

Originally. lils career was producing and

 

directing documentary films concerning

Halloween...

l .
t he Great l'follotucen Book. by
l I Mark Walker. is one of those

creative little Idea books that Is
guaranteed to be a hot item in Junior High
School libraries. But as the author obviously
knows. there are plenty of fun-loving adults
who enjoy the antics and atmosphere of
. Halloween too. so there is something of
' value to every member of his audience In this
book.

Ben Gordon

'5: _____.____ H_-.__H~__-
A great costume is everyone's first priority.
and The Great Halloween Book provides
ﬂ good step-by—step lnstructlorts for all the
* favorites. including Dracula. the Wolfman. a
ghoul and the ever-popular wicked witch.
Helpful photographs showing each stage of
makeup application accompany the Instruc»
. ilons. Other less complicated costumes have
a sketch or single photo of how the finished
, ‘ effects should look. llcgretable. yet
 understandable. is the absence of more in-
ventive costumes. although Walkci's tips on
. . make-up and props should prove to be of
 assistance if you have your lit’niil set on being

Ronald Reagan or lZXt-ne Ct'tVl'llktI.

Nothing is more riotous or entertaining
than a good l’lalloween party. There's no
shortage of suggestions here. For the grown-
ups. directlons are provided for l-lallnween

 

punch (“Midnight Madness"). homemade

invitations. and special effects. if you want to
go all out. Walker suggests burying pillows In
the front yard so that arriving guests will feel
like they are stepping into quicksand. For
kids' parties. Walker gives pages of game.
contest and stunt suggestions certain to keep
the little ones busy. although the Halloween
knockknock jokes are predictably insipid.

Another seasonal favorite Is the haunted
house. if you want to set up your place fora
good party atmosphere or to scare trick-or-
treaters. there are thirteen different ghost ef-
fects and plenty of other spooky stunts. And
if your club or community would like to
sponsor a fund-raising haunted house.
Walker offers advice on advertising. set-up.
management and safety precautions. Accor-
ding to Walker. a well-run haunted house
can swell an organization's treasury. V

Due to the fact that people continue to
hand out tainted Halloween treats. and
police departments continue to restrict trick-
or-treating. Halloween is a holiday in
transformation. Walker encourages those of
us who love Ilie holiday to discover the alter-
natives to door-to-door begging. some of
which are a lot more fun than running
itl’ulttid In costurries when it's forty degrees
riui (did your mother ever make you wear a
Jacket over your pirate get-up?).

The Great I'lolloumcn Hook lives up to Its
cover plug. “How to make this holiday more
fun for the whole family." What more could
you ask for? l l

' ‘- - - “IV-m '* new $2.‘r-‘.’xyg;ﬂg:

 

 

 

_ Paw-.3...

 

... ..... ~--’ .4- .‘l  .,.. . . u...

 

Horrors And Comics "

Banter From Brenner

 

political and social problems such as the
economy and defense. He was responsible
for one hundred films and would recom-
mend the field to anyone. He is definitely
anti-military and feels we should concern
ourselves more with conquering disease
rather than shooting down a Russian. He left

 

 

 

the profession because. no matter how well
he made the films or how important the sub-
Ject matter was. the problems depicted did
not cease. _ .

Brenner acctdently started as a comedian
through a series of related events. Beginning
In_ New York's Greenwich Village. he per-
formed at the nightclub "Catch a Rising
Star." From there he moved to the Tonight
Show which made him famous. November 1
will mark his l38th appearance as a guest on
an entertainment show; a record which has
made the Book of Lists '2.

Although he was the class clown
throughout lils schooling. he was also the
class president from grades four through
twelve He grew up in a Jewish household
which placed great emphasis upon the
human aspect of learning rather than Just
books. His family therefore enjoyed his an-
tics and supported him.

Presently. he Is ilit extremely busy man.
November I is the official date for his first
album to he released. He is also working on
a script for .i CBS sitcom portraying himself.
In between he Is touring and constantly
writing new material to keep up with the
times and keep it refreshing. not stale. He
believes In experimenting his new material
spontaneously and then carefully records
what was effective.

When asked more prolourid questions a

warm. optimistic Individual emerged. He is
happy with himself and his career. and
would not want to change. His advice to
anyone pursuing any sort of career Is to view
the boss and ask yourself If you would be
happy being that person In twenty years. If
your answer Is no. then find a different oc-
cupation.
From a minority standpoint. Mr. Brenner
sees great hope In all Jews. Blacks.
Hispanics. etc. He feels these cultures have
experienced great pain and through such
pain have learned a remedy. This remedy is
laughter. thus explaining why so many com-
edians are from a minority status.

Finally. when asked his advice to college
students pursuing a career in comedy and
show business. Mr. Brenner proclaimed.
“Be original and stick with Itl" He explained
one should go the New York route because
the experience toughens one up and ended
with a slight grin. “Just don't gdt funnier than
me!"

 

