_~ .ﬁ-._...... ...,.s _

 

‘P'z-u >V5Wawu: - r .

 

 

 

 

 

4a per-pectin..-

03>

umo~ 4: am: chroma:

i there was a heyday for humor at
I this institution. than surely It
lasted from the mid-'ZOs until the
late ‘305. when a slew of campus cut-ups
from the New York State Teachers College
put together the State Lion. Wrapped in
full-color art deco covers and Camel
cigarette ads were twenty pages of sug-
gestive cartoons. bowdlerlzed nursery
rhymes..racy literary parodies. and lie/she
Jokes (He: Oh Mabel —— I love you the
worst way! She: Don't become discouraged
Jimmie; y'ou're Improving!) Volume l.
Number i came out In December oi 1926.
and included “Extracts tom a Freshman
Diary." The last issue came out In '39. a
year which included their “Holocaust at
Home" issue, a heavy-handed satire
published by the so-called» "Student
Patriots League."
After spending a few hours In the ar-
chives with the bound volumes of the Lion.
or leafing through any of three newly
issued paperbacks about college humor.
l'm tempted to draw a conclusion: read
what coilegians thought funny In the first
half of our century. and you'll realize what
went wrong in the second half.

Serious college humor scholars date the
beginnings of college humor in this country
to the 1830's. when two groups at
Princeton started humor magazines.
neither of which lasted a year. Things got
pretty grim alter that. and It wasn't until the
1870's that the action got really heavy.
That's when Harvard. Yale. Princeton.
and Columbia came out with their famous
magazines: the Lampoon. the Record. the
Tiger. and the Jester. From the look of It.
things stayed pretty grim. in the Introduc-
tion to the newly revised College Humor
(Harper & Row. 1982). editor Dan Carlin-
sky says those early efforts consisted of
“heavy pen-andink sketches with irrele-
vant captions, and unpointed prose." And
if that's not enough. the Yale Record
became one of the first college humor
magazines to complain about cafeteria
food. presenting a dinner‘time tableau
which included a menu of "hot forged
meat croquettes. wormlcelll soup. and
bouef ala mud."

Things seem to get a little better by the
turn of the century. but not much funnier.
He/she Jokes are on the rise (She: Are you
an oarsman? He: No. l'm a Swede). as are
horrid puns (lf Warsaw a Moscow what did
Chelsea?). The exceptions come from the
pens of collegians who went on to become
famous. Carlinsky includes cartoons from
Robert Benchley and Rube Goldberg; pro-
se from Bennett Cerf. Thomas , Wolfe.
James Thurber. and John P. Marquand:
and this from a young Scott Fitzgerald: "To
be on a dais/with -Thals—/How rials."
Their work is a cut above. but for a young
writer today. silly enough to remain en-
couraglng.

We come to the '205 now. and campus
quipsters really begin to hit their stride.
Over one hundred college humor
magazines were in existence. most granting

Andy Ca
Making Book On A Century
, Of College Humor Magazines

t

monthly, College Humor. Adult magazines
like Puck. Judge. and the old Li/e were the
inspiration for a decade of necking Jokes‘.‘
flapper cartoons. and "fly in my soup

cracks ad nauseum. Again the famous are
represented (Dr. Seuss in his "Ted Getsel”
days. Peter Arno when he was Curtis
Peters. and SJ. Perelman when he still
fancied himself a cartoonist). and their
Work stands out. Nearly as historic as
Yale's cafeteria food coup Is the ap-
pearance. in the Hamilton Royal Gaboon.
of one of the first collegiate Jokes about a
Long island girl: “STUDE (to a pretty little
coed): So you are from Long island? CO-
ED: Yes. indeed —- a Great Necker."

But there are some disturbing aspects in
the humor of what historians have called
the first generation of youths to tderrtliy
with each other as a class. The party Jokes.
the drinking Jokes. the necking Jokes were
considered nearly scandalous by the older
generation. but the selections In Carlinsky's
book shows their humor was less a
rebellion against the adult world than it was
an acceptance of it's neuroses. Colleges.
like‘the establishment. were white. WASP.
middle-class. and predominantly male.
Blacks. when they were shown at all. were
portrayed as Step 'n' Fetchtts with minstrel
show lips. Xenophobia ran rampant. and
dialect Jokes featured caricatures of
lrishmen and Jews. Along with a near
Neanderthal treatment of women. the
Golden Age of collegiate humor (College
Humor had a circulation of over 800.000
at one point) left a racist. misogynistic
legacy eventually to be inherited by Na-
tional Lampoon and its imitators.

The '305 and '405 added little to the
reputation of college humor. although
Carlinsky again Includes essays and car-‘
toons by some who made good. As‘
always. college humor remained strikingly
apolitical. and the magazine editors turned
further Into themselves. if possible. than
ever before. The elitist sophistication of the
New Yorker replaced the ribaldry of earlier
inspirations. while Charles Addams laun-
ched a fashion for the macabre that would
last for two 'decades (a squashed. bloody
mouse is shown In one cartoon with the
caption. “Well. anyway. i got their god-
damn cheesel")

The decades before and after the war:
seem transition periods. bridging the gap
between the careful. "risque" humor of the
'205 and the increasingly scataloglcal
humor of the '505 and parts of the '60s
“Sick” Jokes include a cartoon of a boy:
sliding down a banister outfitted with an'
oversize razor blade. or Lilliputian ex-
plorers lost in a urinal. The old standbys
are still there. of course (HE: What would
you say if i stole a kiss? SHE: What would
you say to a guy who had a chance to steal
an automobile but only took the windshield
wiper?). but you sense things are changing
when a cartoon depicts a harem of topless
Vargas girls and a tubby sultan exclaimlng.
“God. l'm horny!"

it's generally agreed that the '(rOs and early
'705 saw the temporary demise of the col-

 

 

rroll: Oh Youjfidl

 

  

I-.....t my

(lite l'm “our” to for: 0. ll. goodbye.

ha-IOtiaAamuwrrrr

1980’s

Ml llllllllllllltittIItiiIIlllllllll

“a

.irtl

i

 
 

'I'tr'u T in t'vrfrtttrly tiruir-rf out it‘t'" with your rfrrirv lusi night
in:

19203

    
 

       
 

“or

2‘

NOT TONIGHT. I HAVE A HEADACHE

 

...... “tum. r. rin-

 

rebirth. Hellbent on insanity — A Roller-

coaster Ride with the Best College Humor
0/ the 1970's (Holt. Rinehart. Winston.

1982). edited by Joey Green. picks up
where Carllnsky's book leaves off. Editor of
the Cornell Lunatic. Green founded the.
National Association of College Humor
Magazines In 1979. Now a contributing
editor of National Lampoon. Green blames
the seriousness of the times for the
premature death of college humor. "with
the Kent State shootings. the invasion of
Cambodia and the My Lal Massacre bring-
ing the 1970's to a hilarious start."The late
'70's on the other hand. saw Animal

House and the 'lhzralding by the mass
media of the return of college humor.

Green says the new emphasis in post-
Bicentennial college humor Is the early Na-
tional Lampoon. with Imitations of Chris
Miller. Michael O'Donoghue. Doug Ken-
ney. et. al. We can extend that to include
Saturday Night Live and its imitators. and
the theory holds up In the pages of Green's
book. You know the references.' so you
can guess at the types of humor: the em-
phasis on one-liners and party Jokes is
gone. replaced by essay length "skits" and
parodies whose targets Invariany include
one mass medium or another. “Nothing is
sacred" Is a given. while political humor is
an Important. if not durable. component of
all the magazines. Thus we have “The Joy
of Televison." a take-off on Comfort's The
Joy o/Sex that is painstaking in Its imitation
of the book's layout and design; Rustler
magazine. featuring the curvaceous Elsie

 

 

 

“exclusive reprint priveleges" to a national

Dutiabury

“in 4L '
 .5

f

 

lege humor mag. while the late "705 saw its

 

 

the cow ("Turn-ons: vegetarians. leather.

By Carry Toot-r

1952.

rolling In the hay. studs. and good gross")
and send-ups of army ads which it'ritl
"Young. Proud. Dumb. Loud. I‘lru
Military," Homophobia remains a key
theme in college humor (probably because
segregation and Jew-baiting went out of
vogue). while sex (read “contraceptlon")
and drugs are other biggies.

For the best understanding of what's
been considered funny in the last few your.»
on campus. you'd do best to turn The Harr
uard Lampoon Big Book on College l.th
(Dolphin Book. 1978). Like Campus
Humor. it's a reissue. not a new book. and
most-of the material in it will probably hr-
unfamiliar to you (unless you've read my
old columns). The humor in Big Book is
more consistent than in Green's or Carlin
sky's. and. as It's themed towards us col
lege types -— with chapters on each of the
four years — more relevant. The editors
have included definitive articles on all
nighters. campus sex. SAT's. and the like.
but the book would remain valuable if it on»
ly Included “The Hardy Har-har. the
humor magazine of Hardy College." The
fourvpage parody of a typical humor
magazine is cruelly accurate in its portrayal
of overly»self-deprecatlng editors (ala Mad
magazine). child-like cartoons. cafeteria
food Jokes, drug humor. and-even our
friend the he/she Joke (Hardy Girl: You
conniving. money-hungry cheat! Hardy
Boy1l may be bad. but I'm not a pre-medli.
Read the "Har-har." and understand.

Carlinsky's book is probably the least sai-
stfying of the three. unless you're Into
nostalgia or “i remember them when" sen~
timent. He credits each piece. but doesn't
put a date along with the tag w frustrating
it you believe that there might have hovn
some difference between 1030 and l‘lil‘l
Ifullfrct'tt on Insanity is n great read. with o
helpful introduction and great t'hrrptvr
headings (“Sc-x. drugs. and bowling." "iht'
Florence Henderson (‘lencr-rlion") that
have little or nothing to do witlr tlu'
tilmPltfrs. All three books are the more
price. so you'll probably be won ovur lr\'
lfclfhcrti's graphics. lint r't'nwtnlrer tlrv
Lampoon book ~ it may be the numl

 

-' from Cofiege Humor. edited by Dan Cariinsky.

5 Harper 5-. Row.

reliable guide to your (‘UllU‘Jt‘ Wm" ml" ""l'
of Viurrtpnlnis. '

 

 

. vi

saw

.In cold climate villages of Europe her ac-

  

Owen Francis McNutt
Born'1829 Ca. Armagh Ireland
Died Jan. 18. 1850

found it. After three hours of hik-

ing along the banks of the

Sacramento River. wading
through knee deep mud i came to this little
patch of headstones. The Mexican guy
who gave me the directions thought i was
crazy. "Nobody's been up there for years.
man. for years. But i know about those
graves. They found gold there years ago
and then they die and no one (lttd any
since. l'll tell you how to get there If you
want." Attd he did and i found it. ()n a
grassy fog-shrouded knoll eleven miles
frotrr Poison. California. three hundred
yards front the Sacramento River. were the
graves of a dozen or so ntltters lcnrne otrt
of (:ttrlonsity to try to feel what they fell and
we If i had any blood links or forgotten
ancestors. One hundred and thirty years
later. almost to "W day. someone had
‘come back.

Andy Clarke

Owen Mantt lltlil lvfi ltr'lrrnd dining the
(ire-rt lirnriru- by tluI lltiit' if was ovr-r two
million of his people wore dead and llllt‘rl
of tin,. rest were st'otit'tr'd to the ends of the
earth “U was lucky. lucky enough to die
sewn thousand miles from lronrcI irr srtttlt'
mtrd prrtt'h itt Criltlttttiirt .rnd bv buried or .r
suit of clothes he probably could lit.’\ll‘l hurl
afforded dtrring his life lint he was still
luckier than the rust of his brothers and
sisters. who starved to death or died of
cholera on the boat to Boston The luck o'
the Irish.

My grandfathers were very poor irt their
youth atrd were both quite eager as young
people. even In these days are. to make
use of those streets paved with gold. Ans
drew Clark was in his early teens when he
left the farrn to go to Glasgow. lle swept
the streets and collected garbage. When he

he was born irt that time of June
that was more than spring. that

carried the hint of summer and
heat before It could become full blown.
blowsy with rnolsture and overwrung. Her
eyes were brown and a tuft of kewdie-llke
red iralr grew In the middle of be! head. the
down of demarcation that separates
newborn girls from boys. And probably. it
her mother only had, she would have
gurgled and cooed when her toes were
wiggled. But her mother didn't want her,
and she was put Inside the darkly sterile
rooms of an adoption agency. starting her
life a bundle of groceries on the marked-
down shelf.

Lisanne Sokolowski

 

The Bakers took her as one of their own.
giving her a _surname full of strong and
solid Anglo origin. Baker. in centuries past.

quired ancestors had milled the wheats and
ryes of the field. shaped them into loaves.
and had fed the open mouths of the people
around them, it was a fine name to own. a
name that could be linked with ieding.
fulfilling appetlties. of appeasing httngers.
There were hungers of her own Inside
the girl now almost woman. When she
went to the beach she walked with her
arms crossed In front of her while men and
boy alike leered and whistled at nature's
early progress. Handed down sweaters
clung provacatively to the emerging
outlines of her body until her teacher one
day had no recourse but to send her home.
demanding a change to more appropriate.
less distracting garments. The hunger first
was to run away. to escape the guilt and
shame for things she could not change.
Her own body was turning against her.
creating her not as a person but as an ob-
Ject. Only there was no route of escape.
and Instead she learned to beguile and cap-

Luck 0’ The Irish

cousin. After a while he realized that a
choice between Belfast and Glasgow was
no choice at all and so he saved his money
and came to New York. The other grand-
father left ltls home under different ctr»
cumstarrces. He left under arrest. Before

could he went to Beiiast to work with his

‘The boat was always in
the harbor for us and it
was always crowded. If
the carrot couldn’t set
us up the gangplank, a
bayonet would.’

We were right in line behind»the indians
and Zimbabweans. John Bull was going to
pull off his animal skin. take the bone from
his nose. and reveal he was wearing a
tweed coat and black felt derby the whole
time and was now prepared to pass along
the relics of English culture. Paradise Lost

 

choke on coal dust In Pennsylvania or die
In the trenches on the Somme.

' i can remember my grandfather An-
drew. He was old and worked hard his
whole life and In his closing years he would

; sit in an old lawn chair on our driveway
and smoke his pipe, i would look at his
white. white face and his bright red cheeks.
his bloodsth eyes and wonder why he
spoke so strangely and moved so slowly
but ire died before i could ask.The other
grandfather. Mike. would take me down to
the saloon on Trernont Avenue in the
Bronx when necessity forced him to be my
babysitter. They were both old way before

their time One was a bus-driver in Manhat-

tan. the other was a dock Worker. They
both bail to cope with grinding poverty in

 

 

he reached his twentieth year he found
himself in Jail ltrt believing that an lrlshnton
was anything better than it white nigger fit
only to sweep the streets. for Iltt.‘ proper
guntlvnrun l.rttt'r events would prthI he
was indeed corrct‘l lit the first place. “0 too
vwntnnlly trurlI/vd the wisdom of booking
[trtssrtgr' to New York, ()wen Mantt and
toy two grandfathers .rtv wlrrrt you would
t'tlll tlrrvr' wiw iitt’lt. tlttvr- \visv ltrshrnt'n.
lot hrrvlng the brains to any that the only
])lrif't‘ the Irish could newt liw happily was
lit-land.

lrt'lnnd till this time was fortunate
enough to unioy it w privilege of belonging
to the lititlsh litnpite l’rrx “Illrilililt'll. the
dawning of it new era of liritislr civilization
front which even the Irish could benefit.
Seven hundred yours .rfter they had burri-
ed ottr libraries and looted priceless rut»
work irortt our churches. two hundred
years after they had outlawed our
language. murdered our teachers. closed
our schools. and banned us from even a
primary education. after all this. we were
finally due to lt’r'it‘ii what civilization was.

 

and The (firm and Full of thr- lt’ornon [fin-
Ititr' But we knvw .rlrt'utly what he had to
oflL‘r.

We were given many r'lroicus by the
lirrglish; shoveling horse nrutture in
Glasgow. rr r'nbtclu lit litixton l’rison. or an
lllllilrukl‘d grow by the side of lltt' road
lint we could always travel abroad and
forget about that boggy little islrrnd At
lt'trgtlr tvr- wvtv t'lilSt‘tl lo wontle like (run)

their youth. indignity n their young‘
adulthood. and finally the alienation of biz-1
ing .r stranger in a foreign land, i could
never understand why they so readily
abandoned the country they secured to feel
so attached to but as i grew older l
rnrtlt-rsinrul

i felt I owed them something I thought
of them and poor Owen standing In the
harbour With the lust glimpse of irelrnrd
fresh in their nrtnd. None would ever go
hrri'k iinngrrrllon stripped lrelrrnd of its best
blood but this generation has no place to
tliii There's no gold rush in California and

and traded the rolling fields of Ulster for
dimly. wnnlowlvs'. shuns in llclfrtst. Mun

tlrr'str-r. rnul l.rvurpool, Wherwvt factories
needed clump workers or ditches rtevried
fodder we

diggers. or irrntton nvt'derl
worrld go. It was our destiny and lliL’tt‘
wasn't a city itt Britain. Canada. Australia.
or the UH lllrif didn't have its gritrry inr
dustrlnl nutrrtvr. its belching snrolwstncks.
or Its lrlslt ghetto. The boat was always in
the harbour for us and it was always crowd-
ed. if the t'tlll’t}l didn't get us up the
gangplank then .r bayonet would. Good-

bye to their native land The sons of the
Red Branch who walked with the druids
tilld sung with the bards. were fated to

.A Moment For Marilyn

 

 

 

 

Tire second hunger was to create her
own name. once she had grown old
enough to learn that Baker was not really
hers to claim. Like so many other girls that
spent their Saturday afternoons in the

moviehouse. escaping the dull world out-
: side for one of glamour and romance and
perfection. the red-headed girl with the
wide-mouthed grin went to Hollywood.
But dreams did not conre easily. and she
‘ learned real hunger. the late at night. black

 

tivate the men whose eyes never looked in-

 

to her own.

7 14mm .4"- our

;empty hunger of stale snadwlches bought
on l.0.U.'s while every couple of weeks

she‘d get another assignment as a
photographer's model.

The shape. once plump and ripe like a
smalltown girl's body ought to be. was
growing lean. not from health but from that
hunger. and a hint of her rib cage was
pressing through her pale skin as she lay
nude on the red satin that matched her
hair. Was It fate. or was it only the appetites
of the men who bought that issue of the
pin-up calendar, that changed the direction
of her life? Their whetted desires fed her.
filled her up again and carried her into

no work tn the cool pits lit Caernnrvon. in»
stead of running. they've taken to standing
on their own two lugs and fighting for their
birthright rn Derry. Belfast. and Struhnnu.

'l'ltis your on Mrnclt l7th I'll show my
solidrrnty with the livtng. lf Cardinal Cooke
objects. ll Senator Moynihrtn objects. if
Margaret Thatcher objects and all cotnplaln
of our support for terrorists then let them
bring their complaints to a muddy river
bank in California or a plot in Cote of
Heaven Cemetery where my grandfather's
buried. or better yet. to the millions who
died forgotten in the desolate outback of
Australia or the slums of Liverpool. They
have trotlrirrg to say to me. Ll

 

Hollywood on a tide of want and need that
would be only parasitic In nature. but In
fllmdom was called fame.

They cut her hair and her clothes to what
they told her was her best advantage. Like
a loaf put in the oven she emerged golden.
buttered to the taste. a new white blond
goddess. Things happened so quickly.
without effort she gained fame and fortune
and the love of anyone she desired.
America was devouring her body in all its
perfection and they trained her to sing and
dance in the parody of an actress. Only
one thing they couldn't do for her was feel.
and as the years passed the woman. who
had been told lrow to do everything else.
couldn't trust her own feelings anymore.

Once. a man had loved her. A famous
sportsstar who loved the girl who was still
inside. like the speck of coal that keeps the
drarrrond humble. He married her after the
wreckage of a playwright whose only
ty was to ntock her weaknesses of the
pages of his plays. But love alone could not
hold her. could not wipe the spittle from
I her chin when she passes out in the solace
of alcohol and pills. She was too far away
anymore to know love. love witirout
desire. desire without insatiable hunger
that had taken her. slice by slice. spread its
' knife across her and thrust her in its mouth
,and swallowed. Site was a woman who
had only known how to feed the hungry.
She was still a baker inside. Only there was
not enough left to give anymore. and one
August night. in the dying heat of summer.
on the chaste white satin of her bed. she
too swallowed and found happiness.

Norma Jean Baker was found dead the
next morning on an overdose of sleeping
pills that had been her last supper. Norma
Jean was out of the oven. Marilyn Monroe
was out of the fire.

Twenty years and seven months ago.
Norma Jean died. while Marilyn keeps on
living. May they both be in peace. and be a

 

 

legacy to all hungers that consume too

i
i“
2?

(other-- a 11>: manhunt»)

 

much. El

 

 

