 

 

 

 

  

 

 

APRIL 8. I983

 

At-banytrackmen outrun RPI in season opener

 

B Tom Kaceandes
.'I)/ TORM L ASSISTANT

 

The tragk rivalry between Albany and
neighbor R.P.l. is a very fierce one. Wednes-
day. on University field. the Albany State
men‘s track and field team won the tenth
meeting of the two teams witlt a score of
tot-7t. evening the slate at 5-5. R.P.l. is an
improved team: the Engineers outscored
Albany at the State Championships. yet the
tremendous depth of the young Dane squad
prevailed in the head-to-head competition.

Albany Head Coach Bob Munsey corn-
mented: "Our guys don’t like to lose. but
tltey really get together when its R.P.l. on the
track. Most of the team really did their
homework over the vacation and it showed lit
the way we beat them.“

it was an exciting season for the Danes.
The meet was rtrarked by four track
records—three set by Albany—rind a slew of
persortal bests by Albany runners.

The first of the best-ever efforts crmre irt
the lt).t)00-meter rtrn where Dane rttrrrrers
Chris (‘allnci. Pctc Wamstekcr. uttd Steve
(iucrds finished first, second attd third
respectively. Callaci‘s winning time was
34:14.2 followed by Wamsteker at 34:22.2.
()n the infield. captain Paul Mancc started
off his double win with a mark of 6.25 meters
in the long jump while teammate Bill Warirtg
leaped (r.l9 meters for second place honors.
Later Mance won the triple jump and Waring
took third. Making the transition front the
35-pound weight to the hammer throw.
sophmore Marc Mcrcurio took secortd place
with a toss of 45.84 meters. Moving to his
specially. the di Mercttrio threw 43.04
meters to take first place as Dane Kcn Yan-
neck took third. in the shot put. Bill Nrtson
threw a respectable 14.66 meters for first and
(ircg Dedes took second with a toss of 13.00
meters.

On the track. R.P.l. won the 4 x lot) meter
relay after the leading Albany team dropped
the baton. in the l.500-meter run. captain
Nick Sullivan was passed and boxed by three
Engineers. but fought back to take third in a
lean-at-the-tape finish. Freshman Clttrck
Bronner established a track record for the
3.000-metcr steeplechase when he won in a
tinrc of lp:ll.6. Later. freshman Bruce Van

 

.r

 

 

l.

 

 

~—
LISA SIMMONS UPS

Bruce Van Tassel broke the track record In the 110-meter high hurdles as Albany
deteated Ft.P.t.. 101-71. to wln their season opener.

Tassel broke the track record in the
ttO-meter ltigh hurdles with his winning time
of lS.l seconds. The 400-meter dash follow-
ed atrd another recortl fell as captain Eric
Newton broke his own track record. Spurred
by the personal effort of senior Scott Sachs.
Newton flew through the line in 48.9

seconds. Sach's time of 49.3 was a full second
faster than his previous best.Albany also
wertt one-two in the lOO-meter daslt where
sophmorcs Mike Riggins and Pat Saccacio
ran l0.87 arid ll.l seconds respectively.
Jtrrtior Re" Jamcrson won the pole vault with
an impressive jump of l4‘()" while teammate

Jim Garzia took third.

The fourth track record was set by R.P.t.'.s
Eric Waterman who won the BOO-meter rtrn
in l:53.7. R.P.l.'s Scull LcMay. the
BOO-meter indoor state cltamp. legged otrt
Danes Noel Woodburn and Winston
Johnson in the close race for second. Van
Tassel came back to break up a potential
R.P.l. sweep of the 400-meter intermediate
hurdles by taking second place in 59.t
seconds. Albany then swept the ZOO-meter
dash as Newton took his second witr covering
the distance in a very fast 22.5 seconds. Sttclts
took another second and sopbmore John
Reilly took third. More poittts came irt the
5.000-nteter rtrn where Danes lid McGill and
Ian Clements took second and third respec-
tively. Tile last event of the day was the 4 t
400-meter relay with Albany won handily.
The tearrr of Riggins. Saccacio. Tony Ri/ro.
and Sachs ran a very quick time of 3:25.t.

ﬁt.

Those who rtrrr track cart tell you that irr-
door arrd outdoor track are two totally dif-
ferent sports. Likewise. the outdoor season is
a fresh start for botlt those that ran indoors
attd the new walk-ons. it's much ttrore dif-
ficult to rrrn on the smaller indoor tracks
because lltc tigltter turns and short straights
rtrakc it difficult to pass opponents. This
hurts taller or inexperienced rtttutcrs. ()ut-
doors the young Albany squad should per-
form better artd big-stride runners like
Newton anti Sullivan can rtut unhindered.

The Will outdoor season promises to be a
good one if the R.P.l. tneet is any indication
of the Danes' ability. in lltc field events. the
Danes ltave talent and depth. Mercurio. a
shoe-in for tire Nationals in the disctrs.
should go undefeated through the dual
meets. Captain Ptttrl Mancc ha.‘ scored first
or second irt the jumps all year and has the
potential to be a Nationals qualifier in the tri-
ple jump. A new face is Jim Anderson who
should score big points in the javelin.

In the sprints, the Danes should dominate
their competition. The sprint squad is still
missing the services of senior Mitch llavard,
who sltotrld retttrrt next week. Harvard is
quite possibly the best daslt man for New
York Division III schools and the strength of
his rctttrn will be key to Albany's scoring in

19>

 

Albany looks to defend hockey Challenge Cup

 

 

 

 

 

LAURA BOSYICK UPS ,
The Albany A team wtll be looking to detend Its title In the AMtAlMllter Challenge
Cup this weekend in Untverslty Gym.

 

lly Barry Geffner
\'I.-lll' li’NIllR

T s weekend. six teams frorn six di crerrt
colleges. plus two teams from Albany will
compete irt the AMIA ('hallenge Cup
llockey 'l‘ournamcnt.

Originally, the tournament was being
sponsored by Molson lleer. Last Friday.
Molson lJeer pulled out their sponsorship.
according to Andy Weinstock, tournament
director. “l talked to a ntan named Joe Rug-
giero who told me that they I‘ it in) were
overbtrdgetcd and they were i urging their
advertising and marketing strategy, thus
Molson pulled out of the sponsorship." Rug-
giero could not be reached for comment. As
late as Tuesday night. with the tournament
scheduled to begin tonight. there was no
sponsor. However. on Wednesday AMlA
was able to get the Miller Brewing Company
to sponsor the tournament. So beginning
tonight at 6pm, the AMlA/Miller Challenge
Cup Hockey Totrrnantcnt will begin and will
run through the weekend.‘The tournament
will be capped off with the finals, Sunday
night at 6pm.

The colleges competing in the tournament
are liinghamton. Buffalo State. SUNY
Maritime, Oneonta. Downstatc Medical.
Northeastern (lltc first out-of—state school to
compete in the Challenge Cup). and the two
teams frortt Albany. The two teams are divid—
ed into A and ti teams. consisting of players
selected from various teams in the AIMlA
Iloor ltoekey league.

   

The defending champions. the Albany A
learn will start the tournament off by playing
()nconta Friday ttigltt. At 7:l5. the Albany l5
team will play Buffalo State.

The Albany A tcartt. with seven players
returning front last year. ttre led by the litre of
Rich Westerherg, Andy Weinstock and Larry
Eichcn. which set a record this year by scor-
ing ll] points. The second line will consist of
Glenn Weber. Carl Wolfsort and llarry
Datttpf. who previottsly ltcld the league
record of ()4 points scored fora line. Also in
the offense will be Barry Levine. who led the
leagttc itt goals scored with 20.

The defense will be spearheaded by John
Esposito. Jeff Fredericks. Elliot Goldstcin,
Dave Silverman and Andy Martin. Paul
(lrima. Mark Wittenstein. and Justin Walsh.
newcomers to challenge cup, should give the
learn depth.

The goaltendch will be Keith Litwak and
Ray Priorie. Litwak led the lcagtrc in least
goals given up this year with 19, wltile Priorie
holds the record. by giving up 10 goals last
season.

The ll team. which lost in the finals last
year to the A teartt will be lead by returning
players Doug Kahan and Mike l-lallacy. Dave
Skudin. arid Mike llofftttan will give the
tcarrr offense rrp front. with lid Yule, Alan
licagleman and Dave Roger being the players
to watch.

Newcomers Vinny Cirillo artd Mouse
(ioldstcin will be the goaltcndcrs.

All games will played in University Gym
amt admission is 50 cents per game. I

   

 

 

VOLUME LXX

 

  
  
  

April 1-2,

1 983’

NUMBER 17

 

 

 

Presidential candidate violates election policies

 

By Heidi Grt’dla

S'I'Al-‘F li’ltl ll

 

SA Presidential candidate Joe Ranni has
not fully complied with a ruling handed
down by the SA Supreme Court, ordering
him to trike down illegrrl posters and deliver
them with the master copy to the SA office.

A hearing was scheduled for “:30 a.m. to-
day. aecording to Strprertte Court Chief
Justice Steve Perrin.

thnrri was charged with hanging campaign
posters not printed at one of the three lo 'a-
tions otrtlirrcd irt elections policy and posting
his camvtign posters irt illegal places. Tlte
plaintifls irt tlte hearing. Walter and Anthony
Nastri -—— botlt former (‘entral Council
members. also argued that since Ranni had
an unknown number of posters printed at rtrt
unknown place. it is possible that ltc further
violated election policy by exceeding the
l.5()(l limit on posters pcrtnittcd art SA
presidential candidate.

The decision. hartded down by l'crrin and
Associate .lustices Steven Ahcttt‘n and Ken
(ilassman. ruled that all of the illegal posters
be taken down and rcttrrncd with the master
copy and all remaining copies to the SA of»
ficc by 4 p.m. Monday.

Additionally. Ratmi may not print any
more poster s of this design and all posters not
affected by this rtrlitrg must be posch only on
btrllcten boards and other locations authoriz-

cd irt the SA elcctiort policy.

According to Ranni. Pcr'rin contends that
he saw fottr illegal posters on a bulletin board
outside the Campus Center after 4 p.nt.

Ranni maintained that lie did not miss arty
posters outside the Campus Center and that
arty posters l’crrin rrray ltavc found were
either pttt up by somcon - after Ranni check-
ed those httllctirt boards, or were uncovered
when poster's above them were removed.

Ranni admitted that lie had hung 400
posters that were not prittlcd at University
Rapid Copy, the Draper copying center. or
lltc SA Contact Office -— the only three loca-
tiorts designated irt tltc elections policy.

 

 

 

 

However. Ronni corrtertdcd that a studcrtt
working on his campaign had not followed
his instructions on where lltc copies could be
made and had copied them at home. Ronni
maintained that lie had been unaware that
this had been done until late last week.

The cartdidatc acknowledged that some of
his posters had been posted irt illegal places

 

‘ Wth
8310?“!
up. X’s

 

 

such as lampposts walls. mrd llagpolesJ lc ex-
plained that lie hadn‘t been aware that this
was illegal, since lltc election policy states
that posters rtttrst comply with the guidelines
of tile exterior/interior poster policy. which
is rtol included irt tlte elections regulations
packet.

He added that after speaking to Physical

susrm E. MtNDICN one I
Candidate Jogﬁgﬂnl' Election Re ulatlon Act_
". . . ﬂrrrl [717mm was user? miller llt/r/mnﬂy 775777 a Z‘i'FI?I7ITY"iITr?-L"" "'  

Plartl Director Dennis Stevens Thursday. he
had removed all posters that were in viola-
tion. Walter contended that one of the pie-
trrrcs of an illegally posted poster that site had
submitted as evidence ltad been taken Sunday
afternoon.

lZIeetions Commissioner Ken Olsen was
called as a witness by botlt sides. He said lte
ltad "cousidcrcd"checking the three copying
locations for Ranni's receipts. ltttl “deemed
it unnecessary."

“I wotrld not disqualify Joc Rattni irt the
case of no receipts." lte added.

Walter substantiated ltct charge with
photos of illegally posted posters anti
memorandums from the tltrcc illegally posted
posters artd mcrttorabilia. from the three
:tttthori/cd copying locations stating that
prior to April 4. there were no rcccipts on tile
for ltmmi. She concluded her case saying.
“.loc Rnnni is ill obvious violation of
rpolicy...ftrr tltc court to come tttll arid say
that his is okay would just be a mockery of
SA policy."

ltmttri charged that policy was used
“rather flippantly to fit a certain case."
citing errors iii the plaintiff's filing of
charges. and questioning if they (the plain-
tiffsl were involved irt attyottc's campaign.

it seems they went to it whole lot of trouble
as ‘concerned stutlcrtts,’ " he said.

Walter explained that as a for rttcr (‘ouncil
rttctnbcr. she was aware of policies that had
been violated. She declined comment on
whether or not she 'as affiliated with
another candidate‘s campaign. saying.“l
don't think that's necessary to bring out."

Ranni rrtoved for dismissal at the start of
the hearing. arguing that the charges lrnd not
becrt filed itt acordancc with Supreme Court
policy. that he hadn't been given enough little
to obtain all the necessary policies to defend
ltimself. that no elections commissioner's rul-
ittg had been rcrtdcrcd. and that lltc cltarges
weren't equitable sirtce no investigation ltad
been conducted on the other candidates.

The court recessed for 20 rnirtrrtcs after

11>

Cuomo discusses'college costs, voting rights

 

By Tim Sheil and Matt Reiss
S Di III PRESS SIL'II I’IL'I.'

 

Governor Mario M. Cuomo yesterday
detticd lltc existence of a formula which
would set the tuition scale for the State
University. a formula which would lead to
$250 tuition increases eaclt of lltc tlext four
years. accordirtg to Assemblyman Mark A.
Siegcl.

“l have no formula. There is no formula."

‘ .

Governor Marlo M. Cuomo

Cuomo said in discussing his first one hun-
dred days it) office yesterday.

“There may have been that language in the
budget ntessagc — i really don‘t know. There
is no formtrla for fixing tuition. What l’d like
to see ltappert is for ttrition at the State
University to stay as low as possible."
Cuomo stated.

Sicgel. Chairman of tire Assembly ltiglter
edtrcatiort cottrrttittcc. said earlier this year

  

TIM SHE- 5P5

 

,.—».» —-- ~—~~ r - r v
When-73' Ill) forum/Fl_fr1rﬂ.\'lng [III/Ion. .

. like to see i170“): .

.us low as pastime.

that Ctronro's buget formula for SUNY and
CUNY tuition would raise college costs $250
for four years straight.

Merttionittg the state commitment to
educate “our children" without charging
them tuition. trndcrtakcrr liX) years ago.
Cuomo said that to meet that obligation to-
day. “you really should be giving them a free
cducation riglrl through to tire college level.
So. we’ve fallen behind itt our commitment."

llut the governor quickly added that “we
live in a hard world. a realistic world," attd
that with many costly social services that
have to be provided for. cornprortrisc rttust be
sought.

And SUNY tttust also compromise. btrt
Cuomo said lte favors giving SUNY “more
command over their owtt money. But," lte
cautioned. “I'm going to watch them very
closely because sometimes it's easier to lay
off buildings than your friends who are on
the faculty.”

Cuomo. sometimes called a “ard carrying
inlellcctual' by political observers. also ad-
dressed the growing need for ntore emphasis
on high technology-oriented education.

“We need a balance of more technical
without losing a liberal arts orientaliorr. We
;have too many lawyers and trot enuuglt
engineers. Now that doesn't mean you
,should close down all lltc liberal arts schools.
You have to keep the balance."

But Cuomo did rtot agree with a private
school stance voiced earlier this year. that
SUNY has no role irt the expansion of high
tech education. “l differ lrortr the private
sector. I believe in tile balance between the
private and nuhlic sector that we‘ve main-

tained for .so many years."

Cuomo said ltc believes that the state's
future depends on high tech training, artd "to
do it lltc way the private sector wants." by
sending all high tech students to private
schools. “is to give the private sector a
dominance over our ftrtttrc that I am uncont-
fortablc with."

liut stressing his belief in the need for high
tech, Cuomo. a St. John's graduate. assured
those prescrtt that he believes in a balance
between high tech and liberal arts. “l
gradtratcd with lot credits in all the subjects
that didn't count." ltc cracked. “but it will
always be a ltumanist's world."

To rrrakc this point. (Tuomo ruminaterl.
“When you start writing things on a machine
arid forget the sweet lyric. you have set back
your society."

0n the question of studcrtt voting rights,
for which candidate (‘uomo expressed his
desire. Governor Cuomo said that he was still
irt favor of students hcirtg allowed to vote it)
their college community. He 'as not sure
what his thus-far busy administration ltad
done for voting rights. htrt promised art
answer soon.

He did say, however. that a change of the
state constitution. which states that at person
shall neither gain not lose voter eligibility due
to where they live while at school and which
many believe allows airy county election com-
ntissioncr to independently discriminate
against students. would ltt)l be “the best way.
the most practical way to do it. That‘s a long
range thing."

Mr. ('uomo cited the real estate and oil

11>

 

 

 

 

 

     
 

 

