  

DUE TO IRREGULARITIES
IN LAST WEEK’S ' ELECTIONS

E L E c T I O N S
WILL BE REHELD
FOR:
tilt Campus Central Council
Alumni Board

VOTING WILL BE HELD IN THE
CAMPUS CENTER 9 a.m. to 6 p.m.

WEDNESDAY

APRIL 20th

THURSDAY
APRIL 2151

NOTE: ONLY THOSE WHO VOTED IN THE CAMPUS CENTER OR DID NOT VOTE T
ALL MAY CAST CENTRAL COUNCIL BALLOTS. YOU MUST HAVE A TAX CARD. ONQY
SENIORS MAY VOTE FOR ALUMNI BOARD. NO TAX CARD REQUIRED, ONLY VALID

I.D. OR MEAL CARD REQUIRED TO VOTE.

 

 

J‘ DORM PARTY NIGHT “

I We are Having 6 Simultaneous Parties

 

 

It’s On Indian Quad This Friday April 22nd
Starting at 9:00 til ?

cost: 1.50 with tax card
2.00 without tax card

BEER— LIQUOR— PIZZA
HOT DOGS—MUNCHIES
MUSIC—MUSIC—MUSIC

SEElFRIDAY’S ASP FOR MORE DETAILS

SPONSORED BY INDIAN QUAD BOARD
S.A. FUNDED

 

 

   
  

 

 

 

 

 

~1u:u:1':v .. . “max: 5.);

W.I.R.A. sponsored

JOG A THON

3 miles on Sunday, April 24
1:00 pm.
Prizes awarded

Sign up In the Intramural oﬂlcc
In the gym.

ltkmmrmﬂ “imam... cw... - .

 

 

’ﬂ—ﬂ

Ely Tom Kaeandes
D

IT‘ORML ASSISTANT

M
The terrible weather last Saturday caused a

lot of problems for both the Albany State

men's and women's track and ﬁeld teams.

The men's team traveled all the way to
Rochester only to ﬁnd that their three-way
meet with the University of Rochester and
Alfred University had been canceled during
the trip west.

Meanwhile. the women‘s team was on the
University track hosting the ninth annual
Albany invitational track competition.
Twelve tcatns competed in all as Cortlnnd
State won with l37 points. NY Tech was sc-
cottd with “7 poittts. and Albany finished
eiglttlt with 40 points. '

The weather on the track was cold attd dry
in the early morning. later tttrttcd cold arid
rainy. and finally. the snow catne down as the
runners perservered. Women's head coach
Ron Wltitc. the meet director. said that
coaches" meetings Wch held every few hours
in order to determine whether or not to cort-
tinue the meet despite the adverse conditions.
"We had student volunteers helping run the
meet who stood out there through i'aln and
snow, they really held things together so we
were able to finish on schedule." Wirite said.
“As a team. we didn't have a great day. bttt l
ltave to giVe the runners credit for hanging
tough and running in the snow."

From the first event. the Dane rracksters
showed their cornpetitivcttess amt dctet'rninn-
tiorr. In the l0,00t)-tuctcr run. freshmen
Kathy McCarthy and ltctte l)ltlllll)tt both trttt
tltc distance for tire first little anti ctttttc up
with third and sixth place finishes respective
ly. McCarthy's little was 40: IS wltilc l)/am-
ba finished in 4|:39.

“Kathy is a total animal," cvplaittcd cap-
taitt Sarah Cawley. “She tart a great rttcc trial
was so cold afterwards that we had to pttt her
in a ltot shower to cottntcr the hypothermia."

During the trtcet. rttttttcrs were given pre»
race instructions in the gyrrt and taken ortt
only to start the race.

in the field events. Mary Randalls threw
the shot pttt a very respectable 9.9l meters to
lake sixth place overall. 'l‘cammatc Attdrca
l)cl.auricr took sixth place in tire 'tlisctts
throw with ltcr toss of 30.50 meters.

The 4x200-mctcr relay of Anita llcath, .ictr
.loncs. Tess (.‘alma. and l.ynclle Skct‘ritt
covered two laps irr a solid little of l:52.ti.
lakittg fortrtlr place overall. llcttth also tied
for third rrtnrting the AUG-meter dash in at!)
seconds. Jones and Cuban scored big irt the
4(X)‘metcr itttcrtncdiatc hurdles. .lottcs rtttt a
very quick time of l:()tt.3 to finish second.
while Calma ran l:lS.() for si.\llt place
honors. The Danes depth also ctttnc through
lit the 3.000-tnctcr run where freshmen l)on-
tta llurnham and Karen Knrthy finished
fourth attd fiftlt respectively. littraltam also

 

 

ran a personal-best time in the l.$00-meter
run where she took fifth place. Her time of
5:00.97 is only three seconds off the school
record. “On a good day. she would have
been right there," White said.

The weather was a big question in men's
track coach Bob Munsey's mind. The
weather prediction for the meet in Rochester
was five to ten inches of snow. The team
headed west in the early morning on the
strength of Rochester coach Tim Hale's
assurance that the weather looked good.
When the Danes hit Syracuse. Munsey called
Hale to check if tltc weather had held up. but
was unable to get him on the phone. Mean-
while. Alfred had cancclcd because of the
bad weather in their area and the Danes con-
tintred on to Rochester on the strength of
good weather reports. When they arrived. the
Albany rttrrncrs were met by their Rochester
counterparts who had already worked ottt
and bcgrtn drinking beer from Rochester's
Dandelion Day celebration. The trrcct had
been canceled because of Alfred's dccisiott.
The Danes worked out on the Rochester
track where it was sttttny. in tile mid-forties.
with a light wind: irottically. the best running
conditions lit the state.

This chttcsday. the women's team will
travel to Hamilton College to take on llart»
wick rind the host ('olottltlls. "We've already
agrcctl to hold the meet indoors bccattsc of
the expected rain." said coach White. The
men's team will travel to Schenectady for a
dual tncct against Union (‘ollcgc on 1 bars-
day.

 

APRIL 19, I983 C] ALBANY STUDENTPRESS  

Women ’5 track team takes eighth at "Invitational

  

 

 

ED MARUSSICH UPS

The Albany track teams suliered through a troublesome weekend. The men's
meet was snowed out. while the woman placed eighth In the Albany Invitational.

Albany stickmen defeat Geneseo in snow

lly Mark Wllktard
.\I'lll IIA’III

With memories of last season‘s tlctrtorttlil-
ittg defeat by (icttcseo lingering heavily on
their tninds. the Albany State mcn‘s lacrosse
learn sct orrt this past Saturday to cvctt up the
score. In a game that was played in condi-
tiorts more familiar to football. the stickmen
thoroughly itttitnidatcd (lcncseo on their way
to a 7-6 victory. artd attained their sweet
rcvettge.

.lolrn Reilly led the Danes witlt thrce grails
and one assist. attd Alan (,‘ot afield was sttpct
itt goal tttrttirtg away clcvctt shots. Albany
outplayed the defcttdirtg SUNYAL' chutn-
pious for tnost of the game. as they improved
their record to 4-3.

The first quarter ended with Albany trail-
ittg 2»l. Reilly scored the lone Great Dane
goal. tallying on a pass front liob \’cnicr.

Halfway through tltc sccottd quarter. Dave
t‘ctny scored tltc first of ltis two goals on an

assist from Reilly. 'l‘hc Danes went ahead two
tttiuutcs later as Rich ’l‘ri/arto scored. but two
quick (icncseo goals late itt the period ptrt
Albarty belrirtd 4-3 at tile ltall'.

Those two goals could have swung lltc
momentum in the direction of (icncseo, but
it seemed to rally the Albany stickmen in-
stcad. ('onting out as a powerhouse itt the .sc—
cortd half. the Great Danes tied up the game
itt so seconds as Don (‘ttsadotttc l‘cd (‘cr‘ny
for his second goal of tire afternoon. Reilly's
beautiful fast break goal at 6:43 vaulted
Albany ittto the lead. bttt Licncsco cattte brick
to tie tltc gatnc before tltc third qttntter cnd-
L‘lI.

Albany received tremendous help trortt
their defense. as they held (icrtcsco irt check
for the third period. The Danes were also aid
cd by thc advantageous face-off ability of
Rick l't'i/ano mat the excellent goal~playing
of L‘ornficltl.

Assistant coach (iary (‘atrtpbcll said. “We
orrtltttstlcd them all over the plttcc. attd we

got t.'\t.'l') groundbali on the iicld. lly the
fourth quarter. we had tltcrn totally in-
timidatcd.“

those final t5 minutes belonged to
Albany. Reilly completed his ltat trick with
another unassisted goal at lzld. rind
t'asadontc ncttcd what turned ottt to be the
garlic wittncr with just under five minutes re-
maining. (icucsco made the final 776. scoring
witlt ottiy IS seconds left.

It was snowing. and sloppy. and tlterc was
rlitt flying all over thc field. llttt (‘ampbcli
said. "the weather didn‘t affect us at all. The
ollcttsc came togctltcr. and we just held the
ball itt tltcit end. We had many key plays.
and everyone laid a super day. This game is
what lacrosse is all about.“

Albany ltopcs to ride the intensity of the
game irtto Vermont tomorrow. as they seek
to c\lctttl their winning streak to three
gtttttcs. lltc litrncs cotttc bttck bottle to face
()swcgo on Saturday. l l

 

ms gear up for 1982-83 playoffs

 

 

SA Funded J

 

When the Denvu Nuggets held off Kansas City.
l25-i 16. early Sunday night. tltc field of l2 for the Wit]
NBA playoffs was set. The lengthy season. which started
it] lrtte October. is now over. ttttd the fouttdatiott lttts been
laid to determine tltis year's champion. As always. attd
Dcrltups‘ cven tnorc so this season. tltcrc are a lot of ques—
lions' that the playoffs will answer. and tltcrc will be some
new questions that will rctttaitr unanswered until next
season. When it‘s all over. irt six weeks or so. there will be
one happy team and elcvctr rtttltappy ones to rttatclt tltc
eleven tcattrs who are already unhappy. dttc to their
failure to make ttrc playoffs. .

Around
the
.

RI”?
The first question is whether or not the l.ttkcrs ettn
repettt as champions, a fettt that has not occurred since the
last playing days of lilll Russell itt 1969. Pat Riley‘s team
certainly has enough talent to repeat. httt last week‘s in-
lury to James Worthy has pttt a gaplttg hole in the Lakcr
pleturc. Since Worthy's leg was broken. the Lakcrs have
Bth-‘n‘Bllly Ray Bates rt lO-dny tryout. cttt ltltn. picked up

Steve Mix. cut Eddie Jordan. and activated hob
MCAdoo. who is out of action for at least three more

 

 

 

weeks. He will probably play if the l.ttkcrs advance to tire
Western Conference finals. The question is: will they‘.’

The Philadelphia 76ers played the first two»thirds of
this season as if tltcy were playing for tlrcir very lives.
'l‘ltcn tltcy realized they didn‘t ltave to go all ortt. arid
coasted home the last five or sis weeks. cart they turn it on
like a faucet when they start play irt a week or so'.’ is
Moses Malonc‘s troubled kttcc bad. or was lie just testing
last \vcck‘.’ Will the 7(tct's cvcr win a championship ttndct‘
llilly Cunningham? Regardless of all tltc conjecture artd
rumor, tltc 76ers must be considered tltc favorites. brtl
that‘s tr familiar story.

Boston's (‘cltics wcrc rtrntotcd to ltavc a lot of dissen-
sion this past season. and their sccoud half record was
very ttn—("cltic. Larry liird has bcett truly scrtsatiorral this
season. brrt his supporting cast has not bcctt. it has also
been rttrnorcd that llill 'l‘ilch‘sjob is in jeopardy. attd that
Georgia's littgh Durham will take over next year. it is
ironic that 'l‘itch's (‘eltics will meet Dominique Wilkcns
and tire Allatttu llawks irt lltc first rourtd. for Wilkens was
Dut'hattt's best player at Georgia.

Anything involving Larry lirown is always a question
mark, so the New Jersey Nets are definitely an cnignta.
Can Bill ltiair pttll the team together in time to defcttt
llubie Brown's Knicks'l Wlty are the 76ers rooting so hard
for the Knicks? liecuusc they have serious trouble mat-
ching tip with the Nets. while they tend to prtmmcl tltc
Knicks. When it coach bolts a club. a la Chuck Fairbanks
anti Ray Perkins, it very seldom has a positive effect on a
learn. and Larry Brown's departure ltas been so bizarre
that it has to ltave ttn adverse effect. Take the Knicks to
upset the Nets and then fall to the Sixers.

if tltc (‘cltics dcl'cat Atlanta. attd they really should.
they would tncct the Milwaukee liucks. a team modeled
after tltc (‘cltics by their coaches. for tnct (‘citics Don
Nelson and .lohtt Killclea. 'l'hc lirtcks have gambled more
tltan arty other NliA learn when they tradcd point guard
Quinn lluckncr for rctitcc Dave ('owcns. in hope that tltc
aging \ctcran could add some stability to tire young
llucks. llc ltas done anything but. Milwaukee has used 27
different players artd 10 different starting lineups. A trade
for Phil Ford was a liop. brtt now l’aul l’rcsscy is starting.
so maybe all the confusion will tcsttit irt sottrc poisc for tire
littcks: look for Don Nelson‘s clttb to pull lltc upsct arid
reach the NRA finals.

If the takers can‘t win tltc West. who will? San Att-
tonio's Spurs have been a fine clttb sittcc they joirtcd tltc
NBA. bttt they've always l'allcrt short itt the spring. This
year. though. tltc Spurs have their best clttb ever. with tltc
addition of veterans Artis (iilmorc and liilly l’ttttltl. The
Spurs' toughtcst test should conic if they play l’hocnis lit
the first round. and they will if the Suns llattdlc Denver itt
the mini-series. Phoenix probably has tltcir best clttb ever.
topping the l976 finalists.

A prediction? We're looking for an NBA final between
two teams that joined the NBA together 15 years ago. and
whose histories were significantly molded by the single
flip of a coin in l969. The result of the flip: Phoenix got
Neal Walk. the Bricks Lew Alcindor. It's a wonder the
Suns are still shining. but they are. Our prediction in ()c-
tober was for the Bucks to go all the way. but we'll switch

here and o with Phoe in 6. ll
Biff Fischer Is an associate codex of the Albany State

, Men ‘3 basketball team as well as a staff writer of the ASP.

 

 

 

._.~ '
"maﬁa"... cc._-..»..~ k..-

 

