t
r
r
r
i

i

it;

"5» .-

 

 

 

u.... -....— ‘3 “mm... q... a..-“ . ...C._. -........ .. ..

 

E.D

 

ITORI

 

 



Be aware of reality

have developed a real feeling ofsecurity at this

university. A naive philosophy seems to exist
that all are protected within the mighty walls of
Albany State. it simply isn't true. There is a serious
problem with women's safety on this campus. It’s a
problem that must be recognized and dealt with.

Of course not everyone has been blind to the
violence oceuring against women. Yesterday a march
was assembled to protest against a rape that was
committed on our podium April l5. in just three
days women organized the event which attracted
close to 50 participants. Their voice was loud and
clear. The anger and awareness they displayed
brought strength to a statement all people should
voice.

Above all else the statement heard from these pro-
testers was that women can not take for granted that
they are safe on this campus. Never walk alone. Stay
with friends or call the university escort service
(457-76l6). “Women united will never be divided."

in dissatisfaction over the situation it might seem
reasonable to prrt all the blame on the campus securi-
ty system. However. that is a far too easy solution.
The blame should be placed on all of its who haven't
acknowledged that this problem exists. incidents of

F or some unexplainable reason many women

violence on account of sex can never be swept under
the rug.

The fact that we all must act responsibly still does
not take university security off the hook. A more ex-
tcnsive system must be devised in order to meet the
safety conditions that can be achieved here. The
escort system and Blue Light Emergency Phones
(which are direct lines to the Department of Public
Safety) are a beginning, but they are not well

 

developed enough to serve this huge community.
Perhaps a better screening process for the escorts.
and a more publicized presentation of the phone
system would be an improvement.

Other efforts to alleviate this growing concern
have been accomplished. The President's Task Force
on Women’s Safety established here in 1978 has
made some positive strides. Among other aspects the
group has implemented improvements of lighting at
both the uptown and downtown campuses. Still. it's
not enough.

The list of things that should be done could go on
and on. Realistically thinking. however. all the best
trained escorts and all the lights and phones in the
world mean nothing if they are not being utilized.
Women must take advantage of what services are of-
fered. lf honest attempts at correcting the safety pro-
blem are made and then igrtored. it can certainly not
be expected that further safety measures will be pro-
vided. ‘

What is actually the most upsetting about this en-
tire matter is the fact that women are subjected to
these horrid injustices iii the first place. It's sickening
to think of the precautions that now every women
tnust logically take. Unfortunately, hiding from
reality is not going to shield you from the rapist. | l

 

C

 

O

L U M

N

 

 

A look at the Palestinian cause

The Arab propaganda effort has promoted numerou;
myths abotrt Middle East issues in order to advanct
political goals. Fortunately. the myths about such subjects
as “Zionism as racism" tutti “the moderation of the PLO"
are usually exposed by knowledgeable individuals who
know the absurdity of these politically motivated lies.
There remains. however. a subject about which layer upon
layer of myths exist as a basis for discussion, and yet little
has been done to establish the truth. The subject I speak of
is the question of the “Palestinian refugees." and Palesti-
nian nationalism in general.

lﬁlenn Mones

One prevalent myth is the “Palestinian refugees"
originally left lsrael as a result of words and actions by
Jewish authorities designed to convince them to leave. The
fact is. however. that the Arab flight was the result of cer-
tain political miscalculations on the part of the Arab leader-
ship. At first. Arab leaders encouraged much of the local
population to leave. telling them to clear the way for the in-
vading Arab armies, and that swift Arab victories would
permit them to return in a few days and reclaim not only
their own property but that of the Jews as well. When the
Arab leaders saw that this wasn't happening. they began
making frightful radio broadcasts. hoping to arouse the
locals as well as the whole Arab world into a holy war
against the Jews. instead. they just scared the local Arab
and convinced many more of them to depart. A British
eyewitness account. appearing in the London Economist on
October 2. 1948. reported that “various factors influenced
their (the Arabs of lsrael) decision to seek safety in flight.
There is btrt little doubt that the most potent of the factors
were the announcements made over the air by the Arab
Higher Executive. . ." Earlier that year. the Near East
Broadcasting Station in Cyprus said “it must not be forgot-
ten that the Arab Higher Committcc encouraged the
refugees ﬂight from their homes in Jaffa. Haifa and Jer-
salcm and that certain leaders have tried to make political
capital of their miserable situation."

in contrast to these reports were the efforts of Jewish
leaders to get the Arabs to stay. The British police in Haifa
reported on April 26. 1948. that “every effort is being made
by the Jews to persuade the Arab populace to stay and
carry on with their normal lives. to get their shops and
businesses open and to be assured that their lives and in
terests will be safe." in 1962. Salim Joubran, an Arab
citizen of lsrael, told American audiences the story of his
own experiences: “The Arab High Command asked us to
leave for two weeks to make the battle easier for them. . . i
heard the Haganalt micropltone asking the Arabs to remain
and live peacefully with their Jewish brethren. The late
Jewish mayor of Haifa also asked [is to go back to otrr
homes. The Histadrut. our trade union. was distributing
leaﬂets asking the Arabs to'come back. i still have that
leaflet."

Certain questions that arise out of the case of the
refugees help expose still ftrrthcr myths. One is forced to

 

wortdcr why the Arabs were so willing to abandon their
“ltonteland.” if they were simply afraid of the impending
fighting. why didn't Jews also leave? This action on the
part of the Arabs of the rcgiott seems starkly itr conlrttst to
the willingness of rttany Palestinians to fight today. The
fact is that the Palestinians of that time had rt very different
attitude tltan the “Palestinians” of today.

When the refugees left. they may have been lcttving their
homes. httt rtot their homeland. Tltcrc has never bcetr such
a thing as a state of Palestine rrt arty tintc in history in any
place. “Palestine” refers to a geographical location which
now contains tltc countries Jordan and lsrttcl. Prior to
British control and subsequent partition by lltc U.N..
Palestine was part of the "Villict of Syria" and was rttlcd
by the Ottoman Turks frortt abroad. Living in the land. itt
addition to a remnant of tire descendants of tire original
Jewish population. were Jews. Arabs and Christians who
ltad conic to the area over the years. At that time. to say
that it man was a Palestinian was only to say where he lived.
arid it was necessary to specify Pnlcslinian Arab or Pnlcsti-
nian Jew in order to indicate his nationality. erilc it was
conceivable that these various national groups could have
opted to unite and create a new nationality called the
"Palestine" people. tnuch the way Lebanon is “united” to-
day. they did not choose to do so. Although rt t'ew Jews
suggested the idea. the Arabs of tltc region chose to remain
a part of the whole Arab people. Israel's creation was. in

fact. not viewed so tttttclt us an occupation of 'ttlcstittc.
bttt us an incursion into the Arab wotld. This was the
reason why tltc Arabs attacked irt 1948. As King Sztnd ibtr
Abdttl Axi/ of Saudi Arabia once pttt it "lsrttcl to tire Arab
world is like it cancer to the human body. and the only way
of rctncdy is to ttproot it liken cancer."

That the ’ttlcstinians are part of tltc Arab people is in-
dicated by tile decision of tire Arab league at Rabat to
make the PLO the sole representative of the Palestinians.

There is it great sense of Palestinian nttliouttlism among
thcsc people. This has come about largely because tltc test
of tire Arttb world has isoltttcd the refugees. ‘ttlcstinians
are uniquely discriminated against by every Arab country itt
ttrcns such as employment. housing and welfare benefits.
liven .lordnn. which is the part of l’ttlcstinc reserved for
Arabs turd now occupies 77 perccttt of the lttnd. is rttlcd by
King l-lusscitt. a l-lashenrite and not an Arab. who only
grants the “Palestinian” majority their rigltts because he is
afraid of being deposed or assassinated.

it should be understood front this disc ssion that while
the plight of the Arab refugees is very real. it does not stem
frottt the luck of a homeland. it is therefore ttbsurd to
believe that tile solution to the problcm is to eliminate or
reduce the tiny state of Israel. it is time that the Arab world
accept more responsibility for their fellow Arabs than to
simply promise continued efforts against the "Zionist cnli-
ty." l l

 

 

.- ,..._

 

 

L E

 

T T E

R S

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

rmantémmwcwmawt maniii-t..s‘y...s;...u;tm.syrt mar. ways“... «gm ,,...:;,:,\....,.. .. y L. _.,, W, .

 

ﬂittiﬁtrééuarsai. m? z»- I 

Front page news

To the Editor:

The policy and practice of women's safety here at
SUNYA is a farce. As a woman and a SUNYA-taxpayer i
am appalled at the .451“: recent coverage and layout regitr-
ding the alleged rape of a SUNYA coed.

it seems that .i'.V. sports and nuclear theory take
precedence over women's safety. These two articles covered
the first page of the ASP's April 22 issue while the coverage
of a rape victim took a small left hand corner on page three.
The article was situated in a way that made it easily
overlooked.

l object to the layout of the article. Why wasn't it placed
on the ﬁrst page. in the sight of everyone who reads the
ASP? There was not any reminder to women not to walk
alone at night. According to people We spoken with.
women have been recently followed from the library late at
night. There was no mention of this in the article.

if this university is concerned about women’s safety. its
practice had better change. This past December. a SUNYA
bus driver would not allow me on the bus at 11:30 at night.
Why? i forgot my lD and we all know that rules are rtrles.
Although a full bus verified that l was a SUNYA student. l
was still kicked off the bus and forced to walk for three
miles alone. Are rtrles more important than life? it scents so
ltcrc at SUNYA.

The article should have hcert on the front page. Nowhere
else. I know ltow important JV teams and‘nuclcar theory
are to this university. btrt what about human safety? Front
page coverage would alert students to rrrp- and possible
precautionary ttreasures.

The policy on women's safety at SUNYA is worth
nothing more titan printed words on paper. The ASP has
shown us that. Let's have a little bit rttore practice and
awareness. before it‘s too late.

—(‘ttthy Anne 'i‘ltlltuult

Support South Africa

To the lidltor:

The editorial of .ltrphet Zwrtnrt critici/cs tltc policy of tile
current administration lowrtrd the Republic of South
Africa. His typifies tltc negro ttttiludc toward tltc South
African Repttblic. A larger. more rational and frtctuttl vicw
tnigltt help to clarify lluitcd States policy toward Sub-
Saharan Africa.

The policy of increasing support of the United Sttttcs
toward Sotrtlt Africa is tt direct result of Soviet expatr—
\ionism within lltc region. it takes only it cursory glance at a
newspaper to see the huge Soviet and (‘ubrtu presence in
Angola. Ethiopia. and vtuiorrs otltcr spots within tltc
troubled continent. Additionally. tltc Soviets hrtvc vastly
cvptmdcd their naval forces iii the lttrlittu Occult and Sotrtlr
Atlantic. Tltc Soviet threat to the (‘ttpe trrtdc route is int-
tttertsc. US. oil imports rounding tltc (‘trpc of (lood llope
ttmount to 30 percent of otrr totttl imports. and NATO
countries have imported a totttl of Rt) pcrccnt of their im-
ports around the Cilpc. lil addition. the United States im-
ports substantial quantities of 7 strategic minerals from
South Africa. The importance of South Africa's mirrcrrtl
wealth is readily apparent.

American support for tire sole civili/cd tutti-communist
government in the region is a cornerstone to checking
Soviet rtggrcssron.

What alternative docs Japltet Zwruttt advocate irr South
Africa? Look at the example negro rtrlc has set. 'l‘ttnyttnitt's
Julius Nycrcrc heads one of tltc world's 25 poorest coun-
tries with no sign of democracy itt sight. Mttclrel's Mortun—
lllque has no food. no dcvelpntertt and no vote. Danirtl nrrtp
Moi has arrested the etttire Kenyan Air Force in tt recent
coup attempt. How about inlirrtion ravaged Nigeria. starv-

AS

@spectcS

Established In 1916

      

A tram.
t tttrtm
t'Itt-u.

Mark Gnlnur. Editor In Cnitr/
Wayne Fooraboarn. Eltlclliit/ﬂ Editor
TIrl Kaplovvltx. Lila Strain. Managing Etlttms
Marc Haspal. Sun/or Edrtor

New: Editoru . . . . .

. ... ...Duhl)|u.luttun. Dobbin Prolulu
Allocllto News 'dltar .  1 v

Anthony Slltrrn

 

ASPocII Editor . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . Dutrblu Mtllutrrn
Aucclllo ASPoetI Editors Mopun G. iaylor, Gilli Murrull
Sound Editor . .. . , . . . . lltllltltl Sclrntudnr

l.I'ir'tt|nti Sokolowakl

Mnrc Schwnrl

Mink Lovlnu
II Edl . Editulnua
Copy Editor . . . . . ,. Dttvlti Ll Lnttkln
Contributing Edllorl [)nnrt lltttl. Andruw Carroll
F'dlturlll Alllltlnll: Torn Knottntitlh. Amy Krtpua. erzltrrol Grntnrltulrt. Slovu
hilt. Win Sorvlcl and Events Editor: linrrlr (imltrr. Stnlt wrllcrs: (ilrrn Aitutltl.
Suzanne Aunts. Amoy Adams. Marc Borruan. ttill tiruwtuur. thtinrn l) cunr-
"Iﬂk. Nancy Crowloot. Hulrurtvxonrnrttr Dlrzttny. tttll l‘lttchur. llotr Gtrrrllrttur.
BM'Y Gailnut. Ben Gordon. Joel Grunntrtnu. Inn munrruttrtn. Mmk llnrrr~
"Wild. Maddl Kun. Craig Marks. nohurt Mnrtlntnnu. iirrvltt Mlclumluon. Mutt
Nichols. Bob O'Brlan. l'toh O'Connor. Karon i‘ltonl. Ptrtl Plvnlclt. Ltrultr Quinn,
le Reich. Mark Roallur. ltartdy lloth. Ellnn Srrnlnrrlnro. Alrrn liornkln. Mnttrr
Ull‘li. Mark Wlluard, Adarn Wllk Splctrutn and Events Editor-z flout (itnutnnu.
Ken Dornbaum

 

 

 

Bonnie Stovanl. Iltrslnrrss Murmur"
Nutty Brod". Assoc/trio Business Manager
Bulart Purim-n. Advarllslrm Manager
John Trolano. Sit/as Mirnaan

ing Chad or Cuban occupied Angola? Examples like these
go on seemingly forever. Who can forget the archetypal
African ruler, ldi Amin Dada? The only conclusion that
can be rationally reached is that Africans are utterly in-
capable of modern, civilized democratic government.
. Economically. black Africa owes everything that it has
(tn a positive sense) to Europe and Europeans. most par-
ticularly the British. Blacks. coloreds. and lndlans have a
far higher standard of living than anywhere else in Africa.
One need only watch the deterioration of Zimbabwe
(formerly civilized Rhodesia) to understand the effect of
majority rtrle in South Africa. The appeal of the Soviet
“something for nothing” system to the African is obvious.
The challenge to America is to avoid that same simple
minded approach. We must support the Republic of South
Africa with the political and military support necessary to
resist the Soviet Union's cxpansionlsm.

— Paul Kruger

Bus fee for 5th quad

To the Editor:

As a resident of Alumni Quad for the last three years i
ltave found the bus service inconvenient. btrt tolerable. As a
freshman I had requested Dutch Quad as my housing
preference. and when I found that l ltad been assigned to
Alumni l wars very disappointed and felt that I had been in-
convenienced (l ant on the Kosher Meal plan). After livitrg
there Freshman ycar ltowcvcr, l was glad that l ltad bcctr
assigned to Alumni and i knew that i wouldn't move up-
town.

After reading the April it ASP article on the proposed
btts fee l was angry and confused. Downtown students have
just its ttrttclr right to get to their classes frec-of-churgc as
uptown students do. As far its I know Alumni Quad is ‘ilm-
pus housing tltc same as Dutch or lndinn. and is not con—
sitlcrcd optionrtl housing like moving irtto an apartment. To
chtu'gc ii user fee so that students can get to their classes
seems to me to be tttt outrageous demand. SUNYA should
not ttdmit the number of students it docs if it will lltcrr have
to house students “off-ctunpus" (ttot ttptowrr). and if it
cannot then provide the transportation necessary for
students to get to their classes.

Although some may claim that no one has to live on
Alumni Quttd or off-ctunpus. tltcsc rcxidcnccs provide
housing for it good percentage of SUNYA students, and as
l tttctttiortcd before. as it freshman. i wasn't really given
touch choice. To be sure. i could have eventually moved
trptowrr. rtftcr ttll dc»tripling rind lounge-clearing had been
tttkcn cure of. llypotheticully. ltad there been a user fecal
that time. i would have tttoidcd it by moving uptown; but
why should i have to move front my friends and frortt a
place i httd utttdc "home" itr order to avoid paying bus
l'ccs'.’ And, of course. there just isn‘t enough roortr ttptowrt
for cvctyonc downtown to do what 1 just proposed.

Although it may not sound like it. i itlll sympathetic to
tire budget cuts. being faced. like everyone else. with u
tlrr -huudrcd dollar tuition hike. llut i feel that sotltcnllcr-
natives could be found. rttthcr than changing students to go
to their clttsscs. The bus situation is tt serious ottc. and one
that needs it solution. i run not claiming to have the solu-
tions. btrt i do recognize the fact that this should be
cvcryone’s problcrrr. l’crhups all sludcnts. thosc residing
uptown as well as downtown. ttttd faculty and staff should
be charged. if fees are the only solution. Then, the fees
could be lowered accordingly.

As students ltcrc at this university. botlt uptown and
downtown, we are all lretc for cxscnlittlly tltc same purpose.
The bus is a necessity thttt downtowners really couldn't do
without. And. nfternll. although the uptown students use
the bus too. it surc isn't for getting to class.

-—Hllllllilll (.‘ilmun

 

Billing Accountants. .. ....... . . ,.
Payroll Supervisor. .
Olilco Co-ordlnalor .. .
Clalaliled Manager. . Mrckay Frank
Compolltlon Man-nor. . ... ,. . . .. Melissa Wassurnran
Advertising Sales: Pater Forward. Mike Kralrrrer. Gregg Hall. Null Sussrnan.
Advertising Produetlon Manager-z Jane Hirsch. Mlndy Horowttz. Advertising
Production: Mlcholla Horowitz. Paton Marcus. Jrrlto Mark. Eticon Stayin. Sue
Sommertold. Mollsaa Wnssorman. Rhonda Woll. Oltlco Stall: Randee ﬂehar.
Lisa Claymrln, Gay Pumas

. Karen Snrtloti. Judy Yorol
. Arlene Kaltowltr
Jenntlrrr Eloctt

 

   

Jack Durcchllg, Production Manager
Patricia Mitch-ll. Assocrala Producrrarr Manager

Chlel Yypeaoltor . . .. ..,..... , . . . . . . Cattua Ryan
Pasta-up: Kelley Burke. Donna Cutwm. Holly Prtrstr. Dayo WolleYyplatc: Elli
Beenoy, Jlm Cnporzoln, Ertca D'Adnnro, Joanne Grlrtursluevu. Elizabeth
Heyman. Ginny Hntrer. Mary AIICD Ltpkn, Mark Wnllur

Photography principally supplied by tJntrr-rstty Photo Service. a student
group

Chlot Photographer: Davo Asher. UPS Stall: Chm-k Bernstein. Laura Bostrck.
Alnn Cnlarn. Amy Cohen. Sherry Cohen. turrth Luwrn. Ed Mnrusstch. Lats
Mallnbonl. Susan Elaine Mlndtctt. Jr'nn l‘tt‘tlt‘ LOUIE. Dnvto nwera. Lisa Stirr-
monrr. Erica Sputuol. Warren Stout. Jrnt Valentino. Wilt Yunnan

Entlro content: copyright 196:! Albany Student Pro“ Corporation. Ill
rlohtl taunted.

The Albany Studrrrrl Pross is published Mondays and Fridays Dulwuun
August and Juno by tho Albany Student Press Corporation. on independent
rtotvlor-nrollt corporation.

lErlttortala nro wrttton by the Editor in Cttlal wltli tnurntmts oi the Editorial
lloutd; trolley is subject to rnvluw by the Editorial Board. Columns are writtnn
try rnombars at tho university community and do not necessarily represent
utlllorlnl trolley. Advertising policy does not nucasaartly rotloet editorial
policy.

Mailing address:
Albany Student Press. CC 329
1400 Washington Ave.
Albany. NV l2???

(510) 457869213322/3389

 

 

 

 

Decline of Mayfest

To the Editor:

Just a few words to those students who will be attending
their first Celebration (better known as Mayfcst) this year.
There are a few things for you to expect this May 7.

Expect to be crowded. i am a senior. and have been at-
tending this school since l979. in my freshman year
Mayfest was not fenced in. as it has been every year since.
The atmosphere was one of students having a good time in
a spacious ﬁeld. not one of human cattle being herded into
a pen to trample and sweat on one another. in all fairness. i
must add that the open atmosphere attracted some thirty-
five year-old bearded Harley riders. and more than one six-
teen year-old was seen getting sick after too many cups of
beer. At any rate. it's all fenced in now. and that's the way
tltc supervisors ofCelebration like it (more control over the
event).

(letting back to the subject of beer. don‘t expect too
drink rrtuch of it. unless you want to make an animal out of
yourself (which will probably be a natural desire. after he-
irtg herded around arid tagged like livestock). At Mayl‘est
'80 the crowds at the beer trucks ran out half way through
the afternoon, btrt the beer didn't. It was great. i got bomb-
cd. Anyone who attended last year's Celebration will tell
yotr how impossible it was to get to the beer. I suppose
those itt charge were happy with this as well. After all. it
would rtot do to ltavc enough beer available for people like
me wlto. givctt the chance. would drink themselves silly.

Lastly. expect the ntttrosphcre to be at least a little up-
tight. l€ightcen ycttr-olds won't be allowed to get beer.
which may actually make the litres shorter. but i ltope the
authorities will tttkc it easy on those rcccntly-minored in-
dividuals who truly get their hands on the stuff. With that
many people itt that restricted a space. a little discretion is
needed. i know that last year there were enough fences.
grcett vans. and SUNYA‘s fittest to ttttrkc trte very nervous
about having too good u tithe.

l.istcn. i know I‘m not being totttlly objective about this.
btrt this is supposed to be one day for the students to get otrt
ttttd have rt good time. within limits. The tltittg is. those
limits ttrc getting closer and tigltlcr. The administration is
happy. btrt :tsk yottt fellow students if Mayfcst/(‘clcbration
is gcltittg hcttct or worse.

This yeru l c\pect to stand by the fence. have it beer or
two. it i can get them, enjoy the bands. and remember
how. three )‘Cilh ttgo. l drunk ltect’ ttt'ter bccr after beer. ran
around like an ass. ltlttl rttct a nice girl with whom I spent
the rest of the day. lloy. those \Htlt.‘ tltc days. huh?

—l)nvld (‘hipps

Suspend boycott

To the Editor:

i would like to address this letter to two specific groups;
The three gentlemen who complained about the bar “Le
i’ttt Cut" and thc'SLlNY population as it whole.

l'm sort y that the three tttcrt didn't get their T-shirts two
Wednesdays ago. "Le littt ('trt" was definitely in the wrong
by not telling the truth about tltc lack of T-shirts btrt lyn-
not support it boycott as you advocate in you letter. The
reason? “Le Fat Cat" hats generously donated the cover
charges of Wednesday. April 27. to tire New York Special
Olympics. i hope that as many people who can will come to
“Le Fill Cat" this Wednesday to support this worlhwltile
cause. I think that for this one night we cotrld forego tltc
boycott and support Spccittl Olympics. The cover price.
two dollars. is not it lot of money per person bttt if enough
people attend. we will ltttv- a substantial ttmount of money
to help these special people. To look at it nrtotlrcr way. your
money is going crttirely to Special Olympics. rtot tr cent of it
is going to “Le Fat Cat." So please. help someone who will
never go to collcgc by donating a little collcgc ftttt. Thank
you.

—~ llurb \\ cstbrook

It’s for the kids

To the Editor:

There's a lot more to Telethon then the actual 24-hour
tclctlrott ltcld each spring. Run for the Gold. Dance
Marathon and Afternoon at ihc liars are only a few cvcnts
run durittg tltc yenr itt the effort to rttisc money for locttl
children's orgtrnirtrtions. Helping kids is what Telethon is
about. brtt this is done not only itt monetary terms. llhliday
parties. visits to the recipient organi/ntions and tltc bonds
that are formed with the children constitute the true essence
of Telethon.

As ctr-chairs. we're happy to announce that Telethon '84
has bcgtttr. On April 26. (tonight) 7:30 in LC 6. there will be
an interest tncctitrg for ilttist.‘ pcoplc applying for staff posi-
iiolls with Tclcthon 'R‘t. Applications are available in CC
[30 and tltc final deadline is April 29.

Tclctltott needs your titrrc and dedication brtt can promise
you a lot of ftttt and a sense of fulfillment in helping others.
Be it part of Telethon, and discover what “it's for the kids"
really means.

— Amy Zimmerman
— Cindy Kat;
Co-clrairs. Telethon '84

 

  

