  

i
l

n SN“ a.» ,;...

 

r‘
I,
A.
r
r

  

'  ALBANY STUDENT PRESS a DECEMBER 9.1983

Shuttle returns to Earth;
miSsion called successful

Edwards AFB. Ca.
(AP) Six astronttttts overcame a failed com-
puterJtnd a broken navigation instrument to
land Columbia and Spttcelab safely Thurs-
day. bringing to Earth a cargo of science
treasures gathered in a record tO-day shuttle
voyage.

Thc pinpoint landing on a dry lakebcd run-
way came at 3:47 p.m. Pacific time — nearly
eight hours later titan NASA had planned.

"Columbia. Columbia. welcome ltontc,
beautiful landing," NASA told the crew
after the centeriirre landing. “The good news
is there was lots of beer wailing for you. The
bad news is we drank it eight hpttrs ago."

The six-man crew was the largest ever in
space and included the first non-American
launched in a U.S. spacecraft.

Colttrnbia landed weighing llO tons,
lteavier than atry of the earlier slrttttles. At
5:l5 p.nr.. nrissiott commander .lolttt Young
fired powerful rockets for two artd a hall
tnirrtrtes. |55 miles over the ltrdiatt Ocean in
the l661h orbit of llight. The firing slowed
tlte winged cral't‘s H.400 mph orbital speetl
and started it in an hour-long. high-speed
glide across the Pacific Ocean. The landing
delay cante after a powerful jolt slruddcrcd
through the craft early Thursday morning.
followed by the failttre of a computer and a

The six man crew was the largest ever in
space and included the first non-American
' launched in a U. S. spacecraft.

 

The white orbiter appeared in good condi-
tion but showed extensive stains heaviest near
the engine pods. from its 10-day. 7-hour and
47-minute ﬂight.

Weather for the ninth shuttle landing was
ideal. with light winds attd only few scattered
clouds.

For the ﬁrst time. a shuttle approached its
landing from the northwest. The glide path
carried it over the Aleutian islands of Alaska.
across the US. coastline 30 miles north of
San Francisco. directly over Fresno. then 20
miles east of Bakersfield and on into Ed-
wards.

Tlte mission began Nov. 28 with a launch
from the Kennedy Space Center in Florida as
Columbia. returning to the sky for the first
time in a year. carried aloft the $1 billion.
European-built Spacelab in its cargo bay.

device that gives key navigation guidance.

The astronauts were cher in immediate
danger, btrt Mission Control ordered the
delay to study the problem attd reprogram
the four remaining computers.

Young. who was trraking his sixth and
possibly last space ﬂight. reported the jolt
came dtrring the firing of a control jet as he
was preparing for the return to Earth on
Thursday morning with his five crewtrtates.
pilot Brewster Shaw atrd scientists Owen (iat-
riott. Bob Parker. Byron Lichtenberg and
Ulf Merbold. a West (it‘t'tlltltl physicist.

“i tlrottglrt both those thruster firitrgs were
quite a jolt.“ said Young. Later. the veteran
astronaut added: “it really hit the vehicle
hard. ...lt was really art impact type ot'tlring.
probably as high magnitude as we‘ve seen
around here iii a lotrg time."

‘OOOOOOOOOIIOOIO.IOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 00...... OOOOOOOOIO

11y old for...

00 00.0.0.0...

fake a shot at Stardom

M 011333 Winn «f

THEHMWWI

 

 

 

 

.~ :11
‘ Maratth

CAPACITY

 

Astronauts after landing Thursday night
Crew rnentlrers spent a record [0 days in space.

 
 
   
   
 

 

AP WtREvHOto

 

 
   

Two computers failed irr rapid succession.
btrt Young and Sltaw were able to restore one
of them. The second was declared failed and
lttrrted off. leaving Columbia with four
working on-buard computers.

A few hours later, Shaw reported that the
lttcrtial Measuring Unit, a device that pro-
vides key navigational information. suddenly
went bad.

“When it went. it wettt I'ast." Shaw said.
He tried to restore it. but reported. “No
joy."

Mission Control looked at data frortr the
instrument and told the crew. “We think the
[MU ltas failed. (‘ro ahead and turtt it off."

Columbia has two other IMUs on board
artd only one is needed for landing.

The ott-boarti cottrputers control wing
flaps. rocket thrusting anti guidance as the
spacecraft returns to liartlr. The computers
also send displays to screens iii the cockpit.

Thrus\ers

 

Vernier

Prlm

 

Thrusters

 

 

Computer Controlled
Flo-entry Equipment

 

feeding a constant stream or tillt'illlrllittllltl
Young arid Show as lilt\ -.-.rr.tc the tort
toward landing.

Columbia was to tr.r\t- irllltit'\i .tt trltrrrl
at I0z59 a.nr. l-Sl ltrrrr.rl.r\. but \trwrrrn
Control canceled that iatrdrtrr' opprrtttttttlt
and told the crew to prcp.rrt ltl |.rrrr| unable:
orbit. at around 5:|S p.rrr. t st,

A few hours lttlct. \lr. rtrrr trrrrtrrrltrt-
nottttccd. “We still do not lttrm \tlt.tl lit."-
pelted" and ordered the tundra: thiamith
art additional ()0 minute». to .tllll\\ trrrrctrvr
cotrrptrter program tt'tlcdr‘lt

Later. Mission ( ottltol tutti ttrt
comprtter failure was not .trthdtt‘ti rrrttrtlt:

LlL' ttrr

 

thruster firings and it hurt ..t m r: ureter:-
l‘lttcr had been altered for rrrrrt trrrtidtrtrtrt‘u
cd reason irr “multiple hummus " ‘

Officials said the slruttl. ii.trl1llt|l:.‘iliilli

and other Cttttstttttttltlcs tn t.l\ ttt‘ 1‘" W“

nrorc days.

 

‘

 

GAME

0
O

A, m. to“... am
In). 0536311191130»! stem)
a reputation .'
we may
19¢ will a need:
“31’”, 603141116502:

:1
so
i:

:008 smmd   ‘73“:

. 5......OOOOQCOOOOOOOCOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOO§‘§CCOO::.:‘

 

( 

p ,.
’  M&R PIZZA & PASTA HOUSE
791 MADISON AVE.

462-2222

 

WEDEUVER
cocceoecccsesmrrr

“SUNY Special”
Large Cheese Pizza $4 50

(Tax & Del. included)

 

Offer good until Dec. 20th. 1983
Please ask when calling

 

 

 

 

i - Try Our Subs — Pasta Ho ' 't c
— me Soup —— Dally SpUClrli/x

 

i

  

 

 

By Craig Waltz

The New York State Correctional
system is beset with severe over-
crowding and all of the long-term
solutions presently under considera-
tion are either not economically
feasible or unacceptable to a ma-
jority of the electorate. according to
Dr. Sherwood E. Zimmerman.
from the Rockefeller College Divi-
sion of Criminal Justice Services.

“Solutions we enact today are
very likely to become tomorrow's
problems." he added in his lecture
Wednesday on the “Dilemmas in
Contemporary Correctional
Policy.” '

“The major dilemma now being
faced by the corrections system is
that of a burgeoning prison popula-
tion." Zimmerman said. “This has
been brought about due to the
development of three major trends
— a shift in the age structure, a
shift in public policy. and shift in
public policy about punishing
criminals.“ _

The shift in the age structure,
Zimmerman said. occurred as the
baby boom generation moved out
of their crime-prone stage into their
incarceration-prone state. Less of
them are committing crimes but of
those who still are. more are being
caught and sentenced. he said.

Of the second major trend. the
shift in public policy. Zimmerman
explained. “During the early ’705
we were moving through the age of
high crime. and it was during this
time that the policymakers
developed a war on crime. This led
to improved police forces and stif-
fer sentencing, both very good in

the war on crime. Now crime is go-
ing down, but sentertcingjs going
up. causing severe prison over-
crowding."

Zimmerman stressed. however,
that the third trend has had the
most impact. “The shift in public
policy about punishing criminals
came about as a result of the
perceived failure of the rehabilita-
tion program. it was shown that we
are really unable to determine the
end of a criminal career. This was
due to selective perception. Proba-
tion and parole officers never see
their successes again, all they see is
the returning faces of their failures.
naturally this becomes very
discouraging. This led to an increas-
ed interest in using punishmen' as a
deterrent to crime.

“This increased interest led to the
passage of the mandatory sentenc—
ing laws. requiring that those con-
victed of some crimes serve some
time in jail. and the passage of laws
increasing sentences for other
crimes." he said. and concluded
“therefore we now have a larger
prison population serving for a
longer period of time. this has led to
severe overcrowding.”

Zimmerman reviewed solutions
presently being considered. These
incittde building new prisons.
changing sentencing laws. and im-
plementing long-range planning.
“none of which are truly feasible."
Zimmerman said.

Building new prisons is not feasi-
ble, he said. “At best it is a long-
term solution to a short—term prof;
blem. Studies show that by t990
prison populations will be decreas-

ing. therefore we will no longer
need the extra space more prisons
would create. '

“Also. the costs of building new
prisons are astronomical. it simply
wouldn’t be worth it. in addition.
no one wants a prison near them.
Even if we had the money necessary
to do it. chances are we wouldn't be
able to'find a community to put it
in."

As to proposed changes in the
Sentencing laws, Zimmerman said.
“This type of change is opposed by
a large majority of the electorate.
Therefore the legislature is
understandably unwilling to pass
such proposed changes into law.
Also. a great many of those con-
victed under the present sentencing
laws fully deserved the sentences
they received; therefore a change
might allow dangerous criminals to

get off with less than they
deserved."
Zimmerman thoroughly re-

jeeted long-range planning as a
solution. “Frequently. because of
changes unforseen by the planners.
by the time the plan isdeveloped it
is no longer effective." he said.

“Those who plan this type of
thing usually follow the same line of
thought as an engineer building a
bridge. Unfortunately. planning for
social change is not the same as
bridge building. All too often the
situation changes and the plan is
useless."

Concluding. Zimmerman stress-
ed the need for "people with an
ability to motivate others and with
sound ideas to help create an open

, forum where all ideas can be heard
Cl

and acted upon."

 Prison reform proposals called unacceptable

 

trt

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

Gotubow assists groups with events, budgets

By Ilene Weinstein
STAFF WRITER

The Director of Student Pro-
grattttning works as both a “ser-
vant” atrd an “advocate” for
groups that are funded or recogniz-
ed by the Student Association, ac—
cording to the current director.
Richard Golubow.

Croiubow. a SUNYA junior. con-
tinued by saying that his office must
be a resource center for groups that
need help completing arty of their
goals. These goals include botlr
generating event progrnnttttittg and
fulfilling their financial obligations.

    

 

Rich Gotubow

According to Golubow. Student
Association's Budgeting Committee
decides on the budgets annually for
each organization. Part of that
budget is appropriated from SA.
the rest must be generated by the
pumps, through events including
prrrtrt-s. membership drives. and
.pr-tricts, he added.

my ('rulubow explained. has had
prolrlt'rrrs with budgeting. "There is
l. “I... trip trurdett on the Budget
t'rrrrrtttlllr't',” he said. but, “there
.I. .r itrt nt' faults" itt the system.
“lmtdllt‘ trues .ue bloated," be ad-
..hr .trtugct procedures are current»

ly being examined by SA con-
troller Adam Barsky and new
policies may be itnplernettted.
Golttbow explained.

Golttbow serves as a
troublcsltooler. according to SA
President Rich Sclrnl‘i‘cr. “Rich is
able to deal with any crisis that
comes along. lle's tltc calming
force itt this office." said Schal'fer.
Cotttpared to the two people who
held the position before him. Schaf—
fer corrtitrrtcd. “Rich is trtore defin—
ed us to what the job entails."
(tolutrow‘s position is a Strident
Association appointed position.

As Director of Strident Program-

“He’s the
calming force
in this
office. ”

—Rich Schaffer

 

nring. Golubow works on campus-
wide events such as Group Fair Day
and Homecoming Weekend. He
also handles the party-on-the-
podium. which is the only planned
event for the summer session.

“i have worked ntostly with the
groups this serttestcr" in order to
form personal contact with their
leaders. said (iolubow. “Next
semester i'll work with both the
groups anti the progrtrttts." ltc adtl-
L’Ll.

"li-‘U. (international film
(lronp), has had a lot of financial
problems lately. as everyone

knows." according to Debbie Sar-
rin. President to the group, “and
Rich has been very supportive. He‘s
been very helpful in trying to put us
back on our feet." Sometimes. ac-
cording to Rhoda Spira, Treasurer
of lFG. “we have trouble finding
him. He's always at a meeting."

“i ltavc found Rich to be profes-
sional. responsible. and always
pieasatrt to deal with." said Bonnie
Freidbautn. Vice-President of Pro-
grarrrming for .lSC~i>lil|e|. “Pro-
gramming for a large organization
like Hillel is difficult attd we've
tried to work together to avoid con-
tiict with other programs." site ad-
ded.

“Being a student himself. he's as
dedicated as we are." said Alan
Wong. President of the Chinese
Student Association. “There are 92
groups in SA. and he's doing a
great job handling them."

Events now being worked on by
Golubow and the student organiza-
tions include Bud Night at the Rat,
scheduled for Feb. 2. and Cupid’s
Masquerade Ball. at semi-formal.
scheduled for Valentine’s Day.
"This party doesn’t promote
alcohol that much. it can’t always
be a keg at a party" type of thing.
said Golubow. “i think the campus
will be very receptive to this.”

Golubow has already begun plans
for next year's Student Association
elections. “We’re making two
movies to tell people about the peo-
ple itt SA and show them what we
do." he explained. Golubow was
Schaffer‘s campaign manager in
last year's election.

Golubow‘s qualifications for his
current position include experience
as president attd treasurer of the
Prc-Law Association, sophomore
class President. Class of ‘85
treasurer. atrd as a peer consultant
for the Judicial Review Board.

“1 don‘t think it’s any problem" .

that Golubow doesn‘t have ex-
pcticncc itr programming for most

organizations. said Spira. because

"we do most of the programming
ourselves." “Groups should have
their own plan." agrees Wong,
“they should only come to him
(Golubow) for assistance."

“As for as i can see. Riclt has
tttadc himself accessible to learning
as well as helping arty and all

organizations that have come to
him.” said Freidbaum.

“i haven’t had any negative in-
volvement with him (Golubow) at
all,” said Margaret Aldrich. Ac-
tivities Advisor for the Student Ac-
tivities Office, “he‘s planning a lot
of things for next semester. i ltopc
all of iris ideas come to bear." [3

 

Professor outlines theory
about planetary rings

 

By Laura Campanelli

 

When Galileo first observed Saturn. he thought he had seen three

bodies making a triple planet. What he saw was the planetary rings sur-
rounding Saturn; but it was more than 50 years later that the theory of
'the ring system was understood.

Tuesday, Dr. Joseph A. Burns of Cornell University elaborated on
'this theory in his lecture. “Planetary Rings,” the ﬁrst in the Skywatch 6
:lecturc series sponsored by the Dudley Observatory of Schenectady.

t Burns believes that the processes which occur within the ring systems
are probably similar to those which took place during the formation of
'the solar system. Aided by slides. Burns presented his lecture as a history
rof the scientific knowledge of ring systems.

r Planetary rings. according to Burns. are a series of structures com-
.‘prised of innumerable objects that interact through collisions. are thin.
and composed principally of water ice with few contaminants. These
separate objects in the ring systems range in size from that of a snowball
up to five kilometers long. Jupiter. Uranus. and Saturn. all have ring
systems. The most recent data available on planetary rings was received
from the Voyager spacecrafts.

Burns stated that Jupiter has a thin. opaque ring system, and Uranus
has a nine-ring system. in which all the rings are thin. According to
v Burns. Saturn has the most elaborate ring system of the three planets. in
the Saturn ring system. he said. it was discovered that in what was
previously believed to be a “gap”. there exist many smaller particles
which create a type of ring system in between the larger ring system.
Also. the rings in Saturn's system have tiny satellites which orbit the
outer rings. The ringiets itr this system seem to interweave. making it a
:onrplex ring system. said Burns. in the “gaps”. there is matter which is
less dense than the actual rings themselves.

According to Burns. there are abrupt changes in the ritrg systems
which have not yet been explained. Burns described the ring systems as
“areas of unusual dynamical activity with high proportions of small
particles.” Burns could not answer many of the questions posed by the
audience of about 30 people. concerning the subject of rittg systems
since it is still being studied, but he did provide an interesting and infor-
mative lecture. '

 

 

 

 

 

