....A.

I (c.2-

  

WORLDI

OPEC slashes prices
London. England
(AP) The Qatar oil minister announced Mon-
day that the troubled OPEC cartel agreed to
cut $5 off its $34 per-barrel benchmark oil
price and to curb production in a desperate
bid to avert a price war.

The price cut probably will mean only a
couple of cents' savings at gasoline pumps,
because two-thirds of the world's oil already
is priced at between $29 and $30. Oil is selling
at the unregulated spot market for $27.50.

it was tlte first such reduction in the
22-year history of the Organization of

- Petroleum Exporting Countries.

Union protests trials

Warsaw. Poland
(AP) More titan l,(X)O Solidarity supporters
demonstrated outside the Lenin shipyard in
Gdansk yesterday, but witnesses reported
they dispersed peacefully and there were no
ruajor confronttttions with police.

The witnesses said the crowd jcered at
police and marched abottt 500 yards along
the street toward the railway station. singltrg
patriotic songs and flashing “V-fur'vietory"
signs before dispersing.

On Strnday. police riot squads ttsittg rub-
bcr truncheons broke up a demonstration by
about l,00() protesters and detained several
of them outside the Gdansk shipyard where
the outlawed Solidarity union was formed in

iiiTApgNWIDE

;..~ v.

 

Miami youths riot

Miami. Fla.
(AP) About 500 angry youths look to the
streets of the Liberty City neighborhood dur-
ing a four-hour melee. smashing windows.
hurling bottles and beer cans and lorching
piles of trash after police shut down a noisy.
open-air party on Sunday. authorities said.
Three people were injured. 31 were ar-
rested and a self-serve gasoline station was
ransacked during the second disturbance in
four months in a predominantly black
neighborhood of Miami.

Israelis view refuted

Washington. DC.
(AP) Lebanese Foreign Minister Elie Salem
yesterday rejected Israel's argument that it
needs to keep some forces in Lebanon
because the Lebanese army is too weak to
control its own territory.

“The Lebanese army is capable now to
control all the territory of Lebanon." Salem
said following a meeting with Secretary of
State George p. Shultz.

Slutltz. who is seeking to break a deadlock
in the lO-week-old troop withdrawal talks.
met with Salem just prior to a session with
Israeli Foreign Minister Yit/h Shamir.
tlteir second in as many days Salcm left tlte
State Department l() mintttcs before Shantir
arrived.

 

Glenn states position

New Hmups/tire
(AP) Sen. John Glenn of Ohio. refusing to
endorse proposed curbs on pollution linked
to acid rain. says his stance won’t cost him

 

 

2 ALBANY-STUDENT PRESS Cl MARCH 15, I983

the New Hampshire presidential primary. the
nation‘s first.

Glenn. whose home state is the chief pro-
ducer of sulfur dioxide emissions linked to
acid rain. on Sturday urged stricter enforce-
ment of existing laws and more study of the
problem. blamed for sour water and stunted
trees in the Northeast and Canada.

He dismissed the approximately 135 New
Hampshire town meeting votes last week en-
dorsing a 50 percent cut in federal limits on
sulfur dioxide emissions. and accused
Democratic presidential aspirants who favor
the cut of “overpromising” to win votes.

US roles perplex allies

Washington, DC.
(AP) A top ranking Pentagon official said
Monday the reaction of European allies to
U.S. efforts in El Salvador has been disap-
pointing, with some nations deceived by pro-
poganda and otltcrs being " outrigltt
mischievous."

Fred C. lkle. ttttdcr secretary of defense
for policy. made the statement in Senate
testimony as he defended the Reagan nd-
ministration's request for an additional SI l0
million itt military aid to the Central
American country.

“The role played and the positions taken
by our European allies in the strtrgglc for
detnocracy in Central America and the Carib-

bean ltavc been very disappointing.“ said
lkle. “They either want to remain quite ig~
norant about what is really going on and per-
mit themselves to be deceived by totalitarian
propaganda or some may be outright
mischievous."

 

 

STATEWIDE

 
 

Koch favors NY budget

Albany, N. Y
(AP) About 5.600 New York City municipal
workers would be laid off even if the state
Legislature allows the city to raise $260
million‘more in local taxes. Mayor Edward
Koch warned Wednesday.

The mayor paid "courtesy calls" on
leaders at the state Capitol. urging them to
enact Gov. Mario Cuomo’s proposed $31.52
billion state budget. For the city, that spen»
ding plan. contains an extra $240'million in
Medicaid aid and a more than $100 million
increase in school aid.

Koch said those Cuomo proposals could
redrtce tlte number of layoffs below the
5.600-worker level. but would still not
eliminate all the projected layoffs.

EPA case not forced

New York, N. Y.
(AP) The Justice Department says it and the
White House did not direct the U.S. attorney
to avoid prosecuting the former head of the
Environmental Protection Agency. Anne
Mc(iill liurford. The New York Times
reported Monday.

Mrs. llurl‘ord was cited for contempt of
Congress last December for rcfttslrtg to sub-
mit subpoenaed EPA documents to a sub-
comtnittce investigating the agency. Mrs.
Bnrford was acting on orders from President
Reagan.

The Times obtained a 2l-pttge letter sent to

 

 

 

Telethon begins this Friday. March Tuesday to Saturday. March 15-19.
at 8 p.m., In the Performing Arts
Center. Tickets cost $3 with a tax-
card. $3.50 with a student ID card,
and $5 for the general public.

The Concert Choir from Taliadega
College will perform on Wednesday,
Ill be held Saturday and Sunday. ' March 18. at 7 pm. in the Perform-
lng Arts Center. There Is no admis-
sion lee. (Contributions are re-
quested.)

A $400 scholarship, sponsored by
Mia. gum, a classic of an”), . the Class of 1972. will be awarded
to student graduating this spring

18. in the Campus Center Ballroom,
at 8 p.m., and will last for 24 hours.
Admission is $1.50.

Georg Traitl Symposium, organized
y the Germanic Language and
lteratura Department of SUNYA,

arch 18 and 19, at Alumni House.
dmlaslon Is free. For more infor-
ation or a schedule of events call
r. Joseph Strelka, at 457-8378.

modern drama, will be poglormed

 

and entering full time graduate
study at SUNYA In the fall. The recl-
plent will on the basis of need and
merit. Applications are available In

DAVE ASHER UPS

  

AD 216, and must be returned by p.m.

Aplll 1.

Central Council.

Night at Le Fat Cat, sponsored by
Telethon. will be held Wednesday.
March 16. at 9 pm. Admission Is 52.
the leglsmtlve
branch of SA, meets every Wednes-
day at 7:30 pm. In CC 375. Everyone
is welcome to attend.

A Trancondental
troductory lecture will be presented
on Wednesday. March 16. at 1:30
pm. In CC 356, and at 8 pm. In CC
361. Admission is tree.

The Women's Studies Program
presents a colloquium entitled
“Follow up ol Female Offenders"
on Wednesday, March 16, at 12:15

p.m., in HU 354.

Meditation in-

Community Service Information
days will be held in the Campus
Center on Tuesday and Wednesday,
March 15 and 16. from 10 am. to 4

A Zetotlec Forum entitled
mlnda exist in species other than
our own?" will be held on Tuesday,
March 15, at 3 pm. in HU 354.

Campus Crudado for Christ will
hold a meeting on Wednesday.
March la, at 7 p.m., In CC 856.

House Judiciary Committee chairman Peter
Rodino. D-N..I.. by Robert McConnell.
assistant attorney general for legislative af-
fairs.

In the letter. McConnell said the depart-
ment did not direct U.S. Attorney Stanley
Harris to delay the contempt case against
Mrs. Burford and he sais that Harris “acted
properly throughout this matter and concurs
in his course of conducL"

Plaza tower renamed

Albany. N. Y.
(AP) The State Legislature voted Monday to
rename a 44-story office building in the Etn-
pire State Plaza complex near the Capitol for
ailing Albany Mayor Erastus Cornirtg.

Under the measure proposed by Gov.
Mario Cuomo and approved unanimously by
botlt the state Asembly and Senate Monday.
lite building will be known as "Mayor
Erastus Corning ll Tower." It is the tallest
building betwecrt New York City anti Mott-
treal.

Corning. 73. has been hospitalized since
last June 15 with chronic breathing problems
that have been exacerbated by surgery to
repair blccdirtg ulcers and to remove half of
his large intestine. Doctors say Corning also
suffered a “stnall heart attack" last week.

Budget cuts not felt

Albany, N. l'.

(AP) Despite all lltc dire predictions. the first
fttll year of federal aid cuts had "no dt‘attuurv
effect" on government operations in New
York State. two researchers said Monday.

“Contrary to the fears that the roof would
fall in due to tile Reagan budget, llte effects
were complex. subtle and rutrtcd during lllc
first year." said Sarah l.icbschutz. a State
University of New York at lil‘ockporl pro-
fessor who collaborated witlt SUNY-Albany
Professor Irene Luric on the report.
' Nevertheless, the study found that the
Reagan administration culs have caused
hardship in the [Empire State —~ particularly
amopg the unemployed and the working
poor.

State budget pushed

Albany. N. l’.
(AP) State Senate Majority Leader Warren
Anderson said Monday that “this is the
week" for legislative leaders and Gov. Mario
Cuomo to reach agreement on a new state
budget

The Binghamton Republican's statement
calne just before he joined Ctlomo and the
other legislative leaders for a brief budget
meeting late Monday morning at the gover-
nor’s state Capitol office.

Afterward. Anderson said the governor
and the leaders were still waiting for staff
analysts to finish their work on just what
changes could be made in the governor's
budget.

Sales tax idea rejected

Albany, N. l’.
(AP) Sttttc Senate Majority Leader Warren
Anderson rejected Monday a proposal froru
Assembly Speaker Stanley Fink to have
lawyers and other professionals charge sales
taxcs_on their fees.

The measure was proposed by Fink.
D-lirooklyn. last week as a means of raising
extra money to help avert state worker
layoffs and reduce program ctrrts called for
by Gov. Mario Cuomo in his proposed
$3l .52 billion slate bttdgct.

   
 
  

International Student Association
ls sponsoring a four day trip to Mon-
treal. from Monday, March 28 to
Thursday, March 31. The price ls
$80 for transportation and lodging.
Sign up In CC 344 or call 465-6977.

A physics Colloquium entitled

“Channeling of Gov Particles: Past,

Present and Future", will be

presented by Dr.Chlh‘Ftee Sun. on

“Do Frgiay. March 18, at a pm. In PH
12 .

Grozdana Olullc, a well-known
Yugoslavian writer. will read and
analyze folk and fairy tales on
Thursday. March 17, at 4 p.m., In HU
354. Admission Is free.

 

Non-academic
positions cut to
meet demands
in the budget

 

By Steve Fox
Sl'elll' ll'RII‘Hf

 

Approxiruatcly 35 non—instructional posi-
tions will be eliminated on campus, announc-
ed SUNYA President Vincent ()‘l.cary dur-
ing a University Senate meeting Monday. Art
official announcement is expected Wednes-
day. detailing the specifics of the cuts.
O’Leary said.

"These cuts involve Albany’s contribution
to raise $12 million for the SUNY system.”
O‘Leary said. Originally. tlte Board of
Trustees proposed a cttt of 28 positions
salaried at $23,000 each a year. but the
number of positions cut had to be increased
to rcaelt the quota of $l2 million. O'Lcary
emphasized that all of these ctrts will be non-
iustructional cuts. “none of these cuts will be
in the classroom." he said.

All final decisions concerning the bttdgct
will be tltttdc by the end of the month. “The
wltole issttc of tile budget now rests before
the State Legislature." O‘Leary added.
Three questions must be solved by the end of
the month. the president stressed. “Will the
Legislature choose to secure funds. so that
actions by the schools are rcscindcd?, Where
will llte SUNY lioard of Trustees get the SiO
million tltut it still needs to raise for the
budget? (tuition increase? fecs’t). Will the
Division of litldget (DOB) approve the $40
million already raised by tile lioard of
Trustees?"

O'l.eary explalrtctl that a budget panel.
composed of students atld faculty has been

..._..-_..._.._. ..  -. “0......” . _.-_..... .._  m

 

 

ERICA SPEIOAL UPS

"These are unfortunate
circumstances, but we have to
deal. . . in a way that
maintains the quality of the
university. ”

—President Vincent O’Leary

 

When the trustees“ order came through to
begin eliminating positions. O'l.eary said the
partcl provided recommendations for these
terminations. The president was sym-
pathetic. addiug. “these are unfortmntte cir-
cumstances. bttt we Itavc to deal with the
issues as humanely as possible and in a way
that maintains the qtralily of the university."

O'l.cary mentioned that there is a
possibility ol'stafflug some positions tluough
alternative of self—funding. (inc possible ex-
ample he gave was stuffing a position
through a research grant. and not through
sltltc funds. .

Referring to the budget battle, he said, “If
yott don‘t fight for ideals. nothing else is
worth fighting for. The First Amendment is
fundamental and is now being tested
:vcrywhere." He concluded saying. "l’coplc

 

MARCH 15. [983 L] ALBANYSTUDENTPRESS 3

NYPIRG battlesc'ourt suit as . ‘
students determine group’s fate

 

By Heidi Gralla

STA H II ’RITISR

 

The fate of NYPIRG's Albany Chapter
will be decided in the voting booth as well as
the courtroom this year.

While NYPIRG goes to court to defend its
rigltt to impose a mandatory student fee.
sttrdcnls will go to tire-voting booth to vote
on a referendum to either award NYPIRG a
one dollar increase per student per semester.
or dismiss tltcrn from this campus.

Central Council voted l9-6-2 on March 9.
to allow NYPIRG to put the proposed in-
crease on a referendum for the April elec-
tions.

The proposed increase from $2 to $3 per
students per semester would be the first in-
crease iu funding that NYPIRG would
receive in their l0 years on the SUNYA carn-
pus. according to NYPIRG Project
Coodinnlor Jane Greenberg. The referendum
is also going on the ballot irt accordance with
SUNYA guidelines which require that every
two years students be given the opportunity
to vote on whether or not they wish to cott-
lintte funding NYPIRG.

The need for the increase comes about as
the result of inflation. explained .Iodi
DcVido. Albany representative to the

-NYPIRG State lioard of Directors. “The in-

crease is not cvett in keeping with the increas-
ed cost of inﬂation," site said.

NYPIRG is currently figltling a lawsuit
that contends that the mandatory collection
of sttrdertt fees to fluid NYPlRG is a viola-
tion of constitutional rights.

The lawsuit has been filed by SUNY
students represented by the Mid-Atlantic
Legal Foundation charging that the fees be-
ing collected for NYPIRG are being used for
“political and ideological purposes.“
NYI’IRG Legislative Director Artie Malkitt
has crilici/cd the wording of the lawsuit. call-

restrictions on any student group if the action
is strccessfui because it endangers the whole
area of student government. he said.

The NYPIRG student fee is reftlndable at
CUNY and private schools. Grecnberg said.
In i974. she explained. NYPIRG took
SUNY-Central to court in an effort to make
the fee refundable at SUNY schools. The
courts ruled in favor of SUNY-Central. con-
tending that this would cause too much
bureaucracy. Greenberg commented that
NYl’lRG would still prefer that the fee be
refundable. “if we win and we win big. I
think its going to say a lot about this
lawsuit," Greettberg noted.

Grecnberg said she plans to do a lot of
publicity for the referendum, and she expects
it to pass. The referendum was voted on last
year. she explained. bttt not enough students
Itlrlted ottt to vote. so although the referen-
dttm passed by a large margin the election
was invalidated.

Although the referendtrm and the lawsuit
are ttot related legally. Greenberg maintained
that the publicity over the lawstril will “pro-
mote active voting." She commented that the
lawsuit may increase students' knowledge of
tile issues, as well as increase votcr turnotti.

“I think it (the lawsuit) will help the vote
nub-anything that causes controversy helps a
tote." (it‘ccnbcrg said.

SA‘ President Mike Corso said he expects
students to pass the NYPIRG referendum.
“NYl'lRG ltas been a very good
organi/ation-—very successful. I'd like to see
it (the referendum) puss," he added.

The decision to request a funding increase
was made at a NYPIRG local board rucelittg,
and was strongly sttpported by the board.
(il‘ccnbcrg noted. The local board is compris-
cd of any active chapter member.

(itcenbcrg said she hopes the referendum

 

consulting with him for tire past Inoltlh. att-
ticipatlng what cuts will lutvc to be made.

 

liy lien Gordon

Arab and Jewish Students di sscd their disputes Friday
dtrring a meeting convened by Director of Afro and Afro-
American Studies, Frank Pogue. eight days after a political
and cultural clash at the World Week l€thnic lilock Party.

The meeting. first in a series of forums. was an oppor-
lttuity for the Revisionist Zionist Alternative and the Arab
Slttdcttt Association to present their gricvcnccs. in hopes of
preventing any more incidents like the one which occurred
during the World Week “Block Party." sttld Pogue.

Pogttc called the meeting “a very fruitftrl hour and a half
session." tutti said the forum “focused the discussion on
things to come." He added that he felt that communication
between Arab and Jewish students had been improved.

(.‘oullict arose March 4 when ltZA members protested in
front of art ASA cultural display objecting to a poster
which RZA lixccutive Secretary Glenn Moncs called “a
symbol of Jewish hatred." The poster featured a likeness of
Israeli Prime Minister ivlcnachcm licgin and a Star of David
along willl pictures of dead Palestinian civilians. According
to Mones, the poster was removed by a member of RZA,
and was returned to Pogue the following day after Moncs
received assurances that the poster would not be
r_cdisplaycd by tile ASA.

Mones said he felt that the Jews were being criticized at
an evcrtt where cultural rnlormatrou. not propaganda.
should be displayed. '

At the meeting the ASA. represented by President Zaki
Saleh and members .lassim Khalaf attd Mohammed Kaycd
presented a letter summarizing their grievances with RZA
and the campus in general.

According to Kayed, the letter covered four main points:
first. that the university has failed to evaluate the slattls of
the unknown RZA rnernhcr who removed the poster on
display; second. that the ASA as a small group is strspiciotrs
of its security on campus; third, that the dispute over what
contitutes cultural display altd what is political propaganda
be resolved; and fourth. that they feel the “attack” on their
display “should not happen in a schom in this country."

More specifically the ASA charged that “every year
when we try to exercise ottr fair minimum rights of peaceful
assertiny and freedom of expression we are subjected to
harassment. racial slurs and on occasions physical in-
timidations." bttt Kaycd was hesitant to cite particular ex-
amples.

The ASA appealed to the committee to insure their safety
and to protect their constitutional rights as legal residents
of New York State.

 

 

 

 

allUlllKl cherish and be able to express their
freedoms on campus." ‘ iltg it "vague!

 

World Week display conflict spurs forum to identify heated issues

Tltcre could be serious

 

' ~ 1
info
“Yr

 

 
    

 

lltl rumummn I
rum ltll nulttmllrr
tort-on or null IIllI

 

 

 

' ' .
Water:  .
Pr ‘ “(Biff ' v iv ' ' "
. JEAN means LOUIS UPS
RZA Executive Secretary Glenn Monas
"Satisfied" Willi meeting progress so far.

“Even ottr people under lsraeli occupation have not
given up their rights to protest in spite of the tortttre.
murder. and collective punishment they endure at the
hands of the fanatic Zionist occupiers." the ASA letter
said.

Responding to ASA calls for a staternenl of university
position. Pogue stated. “I think it's my observation that
the university doesn‘t feel that the incident of snatchng the
‘sign down should be ignored, 1 think the actions...ofbring-
ing people over tltc table are a way of prevanting that sort
of thing again." He also said that he feels the two groups
are now closer. “I think the purpose of the meeting was to
identify issues and plan future activities hopefully spon-
sored jointly." Pogue 'uddcd.

will pass by a large margin. “II should pass
by a strong consent,“ she said. i

Discussions begin to settle RZA, ASA dispute

According to Mont-s. lhe RXA cattle to the meeting.
“with our own litillcsl feelings." He added that the RXA
did not issue a statement. arid although no specific deci-
sions were made. he and RXA President Stetc llilsellrttlh
left the meeting "satisfied" with progress thus far.

llilscmtuh said the letter was “not constructite to Jews
and Arabs on this campus. ll is ltot couduche to reaching a
compromise."

llllscmalh liClll.‘\L‘Ll lltc letter was w rillcn to put pressure
on the unitersily to take some action in rcsolt mg the pro—
blcrrr.

He said that lt/..-\ is “pleased with the way the meeting
went." and hopes the two groups can reach rutrltral respect.

Also invited to send rcpresenlathcs lo the meeting were
the Jewish Students ('ottlltion (JSC). Dean of Strident Al'-
fairs Neil lirowu and Dean for Undergraduate litlttcullon
llclett Dcsfosses allcudcd for President ()‘l.cary.

The .ISt‘. represented at tile utcctlng by President Melitt—
da Miller and Treasurer Ira Fromc. attended after rccclxing
an invitation from Ihc tulmlnistrntion to send two
delegates. home said. “We did not ask to be at the
meeting." He said that he thinks that tile RZA requested
that the .IS(' attend. Moues said that “Quite a few members
of lhe .iSt' other than those who also belong to R7..\ h.t\t
expressed a great deal of support for tts itt this matter."

Moncs added that lie would now like to see an open
forum so that members of larger groups like the JSC would
have more of a chalice to express their opinions.“\\’c ii“
not demanding (art open forutn). bttt we'd eventually lik
to see it as ottc of the steps in the process" of the discu
sions. Moltcs said that he is “encouraged” by the attitudt
of tire university in regard to establishing a lasting dialogue
between the Jewish attd Arab communities on campus.

According to Kayed. a last tnlnttte problem occurred
when it became known to the ASA that representatives of
both campus Jewish groups would be prevent all the
meeting. Because each group was invited to send two
representatives. Kaycd and ASA member Sami Massoud
felt that the Arab view would suffer from under-
representation. and an appeal was made to Pogtte. Accor-
ding to Kaycd, Pogue agreed “early Friday tttorning" to
allow the ASA a third representative at the meeting. Mones
said he‘was surprised by the appearance of the third
delegate at the meeting. but said that it was “a minor
point" and added that “we made no protest whatsoever."

Miller summarized possible long term objectives of say
ing that overall. a dialogue helps groups to understand and
respond to one another. arid that once this has been achiev-
ed. then “the ttuiversity will function as a university. not as
separate groups.“

Thebext forum meeting will be held on Tuesday. March
22. ‘ l i

.,.-..........,.,...... ...  ...v..._..

 

 

 

