   
  

 
 

14 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS ['1 APRIL 19. I983

 

 

 

SUMMER JOBS

 

DIPPIKILL
3 Posltlons

Job Description: Building and grounds maintenance;
construction assistance. The maintenance jobs consist of
firewood hauling, tree, brush and grass cutting, painting and
preserving. minor building repairs and trail improvements. The
construction work will involve assisting the permanent staff in
the construction of a 30' X 70’ log recreation center and a 26' X
42' shower-washroom facility. Room provided with job but not
board - kitchen available.

Job Location: Camp Dippikill, 70 miles north of SUNYA, in
the southern Adirondack Mountains ncar Warrensburg. New
York. Literature on Dippikill is available in the student
Association Office - CC [16.

Period of Employment: l2 weeks - June 6 through August 26.
Wit].

 

The SUNYA Amateur Radio Club (WAZZWS)
is having a code practice and theory teaching
session for those who want to get their Novice Radio
License. There will also be a brief but important
meeting beforehand.

Members and Non-members are invited.

We will supply all necessary materials.

WHEN: Friday, April 22, 1983
WHERE: CC 361
TIME: 3:30 PM

Questions or comments should be directed to Rob
(457-4671) or Jordan (455-6743).

SA Funded

. “w”... . “vs”... .

Employment outlook

<5

Educators. public tulministiatois
and mining employers predict weak
hiring plans for the second quarter
of this year. Southern and
Midwestern employers report the
highest number of job oppor-
tunitics.

“The reason the improvement
was so significant is tltttt the last two
years were so terrible. " explained
Rogge-Anas. She said Manpower
conducts the sttrvey quarterly as a
public service to businesses titltl also
for the resulting publicity. The
results are “very valid," according
to Rogge-Anas. "We don‘t release
what predictions catiic trite but we
do have informal research which

and make oitr predictions," she
said.

Director of Career Planning and
Placement .loliii Alexander warned
students not to pay too tiiticli atten-
tioti to such surveys. “if a survey
says prospects are good, our
counsel is still the smite —— start car—
ly and use very hit of your energy
and mind to search for a job. it's
unrealistic to look at a sitrvey if you
don't know what it is to look for a
job," said Alexander. "You're go-
ing to fall on yotir face." Alexander
stressed that job search is a lifelong
process. “First jobs last under three
years. You're going to he doing job
search you whole Iile. People have

 

 

are always up and down," said
Alexander. “Ten years ago
engineers were unemployed. Now
it‘s a big field. Computer scientists
are in great demand but their bub-
ble could break. The system could
produce far more people than posi-
tions. there is nothing that's sure.”

Entering the job market is tough
anytime. he said. "It's diversionary
to think ahoitt the state of business.
Surveys lead people to a false sense
of security." lie emphasized that he
feels people wlio start their job
search later because the job outlook
is reportedly good areiiitrotiblc. l |

APRIL I9, 1983 tit ALBANYSTUDENTPRESS 

NYPIRG disarmamentstudy

<3

resulted in 50 counties raising taxes
by an average of l6.2 percent in
Will.

[it Albany County, which raised
the tax levy 21 percent. Pentagon
expenditures account for $153
itiillioii in tax revenues. or $l.l3|
per worker, while military spending
contracts provide Sll4 million or
Sil44 in tax revenues per worker. It

'all amounts to a loss of . J9 million

aggregate, or $287 per worker. ac-
‘cording to the report. The report
[identified Cibro Petroleum Pro-
ducts as the county's major reci-
pient, with $3l million or 66 percent
of the contract funds. Cibro. which
supplies the military with liquid
propellants and fuel. ranks as the
state‘s 24th largest contract reci
pient.

 

“n51, ~m....,._ A _ A.

supports our findings. After the to actively plan and manage
general findings of the labor depart- themselves.
merit are released we chart them “The curvcsol'tliehusiiiessindex

Salary: $l,680./sumnier - $3.50/hr (40 hr week - Monday
through Friday)

 

 

 

Jonathan’s Pizza, Inc.
1573 Western Alfie, Weslmere

31 N. PearililS’tu Albany
Proudly serves you New York City Style
Pizza-Clams—Heros-Calzone .
Pasta-Scungilli-Calamari-Shrimp ‘ 
Table Service and Self-Serve ‘ I ‘ 

2f;;;“;je;§*;;;:§,ff THE SECOND BOOK EVERY
J.A.P. 13 ENTITLED TO.

"More is mole/"An ottersizc Plume paperback- from the publishers of THE
OFFICIAL J./\. I). I IAN/3800K. Now got I can lIUC the J. /\.I’. An icrictin Dream.
Buy this book—Daddy will be happy to [My [or II, A/tc/ all. you're entitled.

® PLUME $5.95

Who May Apply: Only SUNYA tmdergraduatcs having paid
strident tax this semester.

SP8
Meeting

Special Qualifications: The applicant should be in good
physical condition and be willing to work hard out-of—doors all
day. Applicants with prior experience in any of the building
trades; in chain saw and log work, or in grounds and building
maintencncc will be preferred. The camp is located in a rather
isolated location with stores and social life not within walking
distance.

Wednesday, April 20
7:00 pm in Phy 129

 

Where and When to Apply: Applications may be picked up in
the SA office (CC HO) and must be returned to that office
before 4:00 PM. Wednesday, April 27.

TOPIC: Is there life in physics
after graduation?

 

 

 

Interviews: Required for top applicants. will be held during the

1 week of May 2.
I Professors will speak on research, graduate schools.

and careers.

 

 

   

Acceptance Notice: (iivcii on or before Friday. May 6. A
complete list of alternates and those not qualified will be posted
in the SA office on May 9.

 

HAIR A
DESIGNERS

  
 
   

Refreshments will be served. All are welcome.
SA Funded

< UNIVERSITY colleen! Bruno and our"

PRESENT
DIVERSITY IN MUSIC PART III

JAZZ

Featuring Four Giants of Jazz:

l‘iick Brignola -- Sax
Dewey Redman - Sax
Dave Holland - Bass
Jack Dejohnette - Drums

g a l 1 guide it through our remarkable new

'H processing system.

Saturday April 23rd at 8PM

 

SA Funded

 

 

 

 

 

.d
«v

“3“” SUNY Student Special

Precision Cut and Blow Dry
OOOOOOOIIIOIOO

\
' l......
o Sculptuer Nails $25
Special $50 Perm‘ : Manicure
$35 “Long Hair Extra : Pedicure
0...... oooooooo;oo%%adgsllcbygiwgualry20§%
Stuyvesant Plaza Mohawk Mall
438-6668 374-3589 .

WE DO IT IN ONE HOUR
   lilyou'rc a senior and( have the propiisxol'a IiilOAI‘i‘O carcinoriltmtctl job. do you know
; '.‘ j ' i i 1‘ ting t ie. mericzin :xpress ,nrt .
  w i its stopping you rom get

You guessed it.
SPEEDY PHOTO actually develops vibrant

Nothing. ‘ I
. Because American Express believes in your home. But more than that. \Vc believe
color prints in one hour - right before
your eyes.

 

5‘
(we 5

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

in you now. And we're proving it. I H I

A $10,000 job promise. That's it. No strings. No gimmicks. And this offer is
even good for 12 months after you graduate.

But why sliouid yott get the Aiiict‘ican Express Card now.’

Because the Card is great for shopping.

Whether it's a new suit for the job or :i new stereo for home. the American
Express Card is welcomed at the lincst stores all over the country And even if you

Only SPEEDY PHOTO gives you RUSH results
without the RUSH charge.

need liiniiturc for your place. you can do it with the Card.

Ofcoursc. it's also great for restaurants. hotels. and travel. it also begins to
establish your credit liistorvmlor any really big things you might need.

So ii“ in the coupon below and American Express will send you a Special \
Student Application right away. along with a lice handbook that has everything you
need to know about credit, Or just look for an application .it your college bookstore
or on campus bulletin boards.

The American Express Card. Don't leave school without it.“I

Just hand any roll of 110,126,135. or
DISC. color print film to our skilled

 

Your films color and exposure is
automatically adjusted lor each shot to

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

     (lolivor the. fittest quality color #7 _________ __
Public "W’s my “m” Irﬁjﬁﬁtﬁrﬁps.siestaiitriiirat" 1|
' “‘W"“""“"""‘“” |  |
Tickets are available in the CC Lobby from ”' l it:titre:straits?“"“‘"" l
10AM-4PM and at Strawberries in Colonic, tu0551555§§3£3%tsg_n__ { L‘;.'111‘...... ;
Albany, and Side One Records. Cali ‘jgggﬁiffﬁfAQXf' lit...;.5v3..;,m.:...5833351573  ______ "J
457-8590 for more information. “Funded "mg-iggiggm-w }  
1 ' “  t "' 'pii‘t’r‘i‘ré'

 

L

 

 

