 

 

 

 

 

     

 

 

 

j...— 7 Maya  age

 

 

, I ' . it
, E D ,I T o n -I A L %
-¥ ' . ‘ '. . .,
 l i ll
 . t . V6 In means 855 han ze O . g
.— fter his first two years. President Reagan rated Tens of thousands of people turning out for a few like everyone to pgy the sange rattLThe family man.
himself a “lo.” That number seems a little dozen temporary government jobs attest to the fact mg by from .mont toI mont wou Ipay‘t c satire per. I
high when you consider the statistics of the~ that jobs just aren't out there. CC!“ or the" annua lncomc as UL corporate cl.

right’s two years in the White House.

Unemployment hasn't been higher since the
Depression. Every month the Labor Department
statistics on joblessness rise in every state. With no
light at the end of the tunnel. many workers give up
the search for work. This frustration eliminates them
from the unemployment figures because they are no
longer actively seeking the jobs that don‘t exist. It's
safe to guess that the true percentage of unemployed
workers is at least several points higher than the
government claims.

As the resources of the unemployed arc steadily
drained. Reagan claims that they're just t‘reeloaders.
As their families find their way to the souplines and
Reaganvilles. he suggests tltev look at the want ads.

Reagan‘s got a great solution for youth
unemployment, though. He ltas suggested reducing
the minimum wage for young workers to around ltalf
of wltat it is now. The premise is that employers will
jump at the chance of exploiting people working at
ridiculously low wages. And they will. Teenagers
paid the micro-minimum wage will quickly replace
workers paid the rnimintunt wage. Employers get
labor at ltalf the cost and the unemployment rate re-
mains the same.

Another idea the rigltt likes is the flat rate tax. in-
stead of the present progressive tax. where people
who cart afford to pay more tax do so. Reagan would

ecutive with a six-digit income. Of course. it' you
make enough money you'll still be exempt from tam
because you can afford the lawyers to evade the tits.

He approved the “human rights" record ol |;|
Salvador last week. The rightist death squads are still
torturing and murdering hundreds of people all om
that country. but Reagan believes that they‘ve made
some improvement. A cleric touring [it Salxtntm
rcccrttly likened that certification to applauding :t
muss murderer for only killing 20 people a cctttiin
month instead of 40.

Actually, a "to" rating may not he that inac-
curate. If your scale rttns front one to l()(). ()t lotto,

 

C

 

O L U M

()r infinity.

 

 

Reagantalk doubletalk '

America meet Rcagatttalk. Reagantalk lead
America. Reagantalkl?!? What the hell is Reagan-
talk?

Reagantalk is America's newest front of political
mumbo jumbo. Born from President Ronald
Reagan’s desire to arm America to the hilt while pro-
fessing peace as an ctid. Rcagantalk now spans the
American scene to include urteritploytttent arid the
recession.

(Robert Martiniano

Actually. Reagantalk should be known as
Reaganidlechatter. This man is our President.
however. and we should learn to be less derogatory
when referring to him.

Peasantries (sic) notwithstanding. President
Reagan has waltzed us down the yellow brick road on
a way to a better America only to have the bricks
tainted with the blood, sweat. and tears of human
suffering. Excuse me while I have a musical in-
terlude. “And when i die. and when I'm gone.
there‘ll be one child born in this world to carry on

 

Reagan’s demotiOstrated his impartiality itt dealing
with all Americans. The suffering transcends all
social. religious. racial. sexual. and economical
boundaries. Yes. Virginia. America is tltc land of
equal opportunity.

llcrhcrt Hoover, iti rttnnittg for the Presidency in
I928. coined a slogan. “A chicken iti every pot."
Reagan's slogan for tltc 1980 campaign sltould have
been a sufferer (or two. or three, you get lllt
message) in every household. Definitely tnorc ac-
curatc and mttch tnorc descriptive of Rcaganotnics.

To be fair to Reagan. we really cannot blame the
Prez for everything which has gone wrong in his ad-
ministration. The first crisis Reagan faced and dealt

arc to be better. why not be the best? Unfortunately,
being the best militarin is a circumstance of percep-
tion rather than substattcc.

Wc ttecd to judge the military arsenal of America
in relation to tltc Soviet Union using the multi-
critcriott of bomb totinage. accuracy. number of
warheads, number of missiles, and mobility of the
missiles. not just jttdgc by the number of tnissilcs.
and tltert attempt to convince the American people
there exists a window of vulnerability.

And th :It there is Haig. self-appointed god to the
American people. Since Haig has departed the
Reagan administration, it may not be sporting to in-
clude him irt this. Yet. Alexander Haig. former
Secretary of State. did help formulate Reagan’s
foreign policy. Remember all those little revolutions
and wars in Central America?

Haig and Reag", joined forces to formulate a
coherent (1’) foreign policy. Simply put. if a nation so
deceived and so dedicated supported the Atnerican
way. corrupt politics. oppressive capitalism. arid
football strikes, we. as a nation. would support the
regitncs runtiing these nations. And itt return.
America could export the Atiicrican way of life to
these downtroddcned. desolate peoples. Corrupt
politics. oppressive capitalism. again. yonch the pic-
turc.

   

Leaving the Three Stooges to their slap-Jul.
routine. and getting back to the titajor [)l‘L‘illlw ot
this, Rcagatttalk has confused the American puhhc
0n the one hand Reagan tells us an end to the tctcs
sion is near; yet. we ltear of company after compain
shutting down and laying off thousands of not lsL'lN,

Reagan also talks about the number of jobs adicr
tised in newspapers. He forgets to mention that tllttsl
of those jobs require specialization and cspcricnte.
Most unemployed workers lacklone if not both ol
those requirements. Another case of Reagantalk.

Vehemently denouncing, early in his adminisna»
tion. the federal government's involvctttcnt ill
fighting the recession. Reagan switched his stance,
announcing it amidst thunderous democratic zip»
plause.

Reagan’s most tragic example of Reagantalk is the
massacres of the two Palestinian refugee citlttps Ill
Lebanon. Even with the promises of complt-te
American poortection (sic). and American troops
stationed within hearing range of the gun fire. the
killings still continued. A sad case of Reagantalk in
deed, and a very deadly one.

Whether Rcagantalk emanates from himself or in
subordinates. Reagan is ultimately responsible and
answerable. lly the way. does Reagantztlk hint, lltst
barely hint. of a connection between it an ()Hu‘ll‘»
double-think'.’

GET ONE OF lll’ \‘M HTEGNM Morris was: mg Whamm-
mssmg our EREWTRB Mums
“lei Bilth Wt WHLAWNW
‘ tr Storm MDWNWJ

January 28, 1983

 

 

       

 

 

.Ai%f

 

 

 

       
      

with was the china fiasco. dish china that is, and run-

ning the country has been a struggle from that point , l

{ﬁrwowaang»

         

 

      
    
   

 onward. ‘
1» Cabinet officers have made their contributiott to l (  j 
,‘- the poliferation of Rcagantalk. With Watt. -' ~~ H '~
- v- ‘ Weinberger and Haig doing their impersonation of (, ,
J ; the Three Stooges (sorry about that Moe. Curly and ~ W .
., Larr , Reagan must have had his hands fttll.
It Jailries Watt. secretary of the Interior, has a “kick  Wlm is 
 'cm when they're down" attitude about life. Why 
 pick on the American Indian and their reservations? HUMMttGNDNG Lil‘s. A‘NELL’OlLED
 And then to equate reservations with socialism which  VELL'NBIH  m
‘5 failed. A double whammy. 1'
Every decent American dctcsts socialism. and any
3' reference to socialism puts Americans ittto wc-them

situations. As good capitalist/christians (duck the
liglttening bolt from the heavens). we have been
if 1:. hrougltt tip to detest socialism as nutclt as we detest
remarks about our mothers.

Weinbergcr is another character. Temperance is
not a word (.‘aspar Wcittbcrger. Secretary of
Defense. has ever heard. Why show restraint? is
Weinberger's motto. The tnore the better. And if we

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

College Plan Setvtcu

 

 

 

w ammunm...“ as.“ bar- ~-
A.. v~ .... n- .

.......tc.. -

 

