  

 

 

  

l 'ondertng where you
in In...
Worried about your
relationships...
' Concerne a on
I birth control...

    
 

Center
457-8015

Mon.-Thttrs.l:‘.ve.: 7:00-10:00p.m.
Mon- l‘hurs: 2:00-4:00p.m.

_. CALL QB 5192 [u

 

      

VD,homosexuailty..'.

. run:an A rue: mu
CAN 60 ran HELP

GENESIS

Sexuality Resource

105 Schuyler Hall

A service provided by
Student Affairs and student ." -

 

._ e, ... .........~...... moo

  

CC 313

 

 

guns or l984-GOIIIIGII.

interest meeting
concerning: constitution revisions

Monday, April 4

 

 

 

 

 

 

Help the Off Campus Association

Improve conditions for student tenants
and earn 3 credits for your efforts. OCA
counsels students. provides information.

"survival' guides. publishes a monthly

newspaper. and sponsors off campus

entertainment events. Learn about Albany.
meet interesting people. and earn 3 credits!

 

 

Register for OCA Community Service credits
April 5-8 between Lecture Center. 3&4.
Space In limited. so get there EARLY.

- for info. call OCA at 457-4928.

 

 

SA FUNDED

A PERSONAL PERSPECTIVE

CHRISTIAN ATTITUDES
-- “Forum’s [smug

*SISTER CECILIA HOLBRO0K at
-College of St. Rose

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 23]“)
CC BALLROOM 8:00 P.M.

Sponsored by JSC-Hitlel Students for Israel

 

 

Remember...
The Time: 7:30 Tonight
I The Place: CC Ballroom
i: The Rea-on: to [APP-OPP!

 

I'Olllﬁl-I'I' !

Speakers Forum brings you

LAFF - OFF!

A night of real comic entertainment
with Rita Rudner, Albert Owens, and
Ron Darian.

At 7:30 Tonight, the bar opens. At 8pr.;,

the comedy begins.

No“; that midterms are over & vacation’s

approaching...

Come to the CC Ballroom. (There’s am

DRINK waiting for you!)

Tickets on sale in CC Lobby for
$4 w—tax card, $5 w-out,

  

 

 

SA funded *

 

 

‘ ‘ MARCH 22. I983 r: ALBANY STUDENT PRESS Spoﬂs 1

Intramural hoop playoffs near end

 

By Barry Geffner
sun flit/Hit
u_.—————»~u——M » 7 .4-“  “kw

Four of tire top seven teams wertt down irt defeat this
past weekend itt the AMlA League 3 basketball
playoffs. .

The number one rankcd Riders on lllt.‘ Storm. al'tcr
easily defeating Twilite lonc Iircakcrs 70-4i itt tltc
opening round ran into trouble with nurrrbcr scvcn All
World. All World had tto trouble getting by Leslie
Fund in their first rotrrrd game. They defeated them
38-25. In the qttartcrfirtals. All World was to tnuclt to
handle for Riders on the Storm as they defeated them
48-36. The win allows All World to advance to [lie
semifinals. '

lleat'cm on Brains upset the number four ranked
Super C's 36-35 and ttdvanccd to the quartcrt'ittais.
while the Wharf Rats also pulled off art ttpscl, as tltcy
bcal number eight Wally's lioard liartgcrs 36-28 in
their opening round garrtc. 'l'hc quarterfinals. pittcti the
Maui Rats agaitrst Ilcat'cm on lirains. ’I'Itc Wharf
Rats squcc/cd by llcat'ctn on [trains 36-35, on a last sc-
cotttl sltot to tttlvattcc to tire semifinals.

'I‘ltc semifinals will rnrttclr tltc Wharf Rats against All
World tonight at ttztS itt the gym.

In the other division itt League 3, another upset took
place. an-qu easily beat the number three Ito/z-
lirotlters 46-34 to advance to tltc quarterfinals.
Ntrrttbcr s‘ix tanked Mctrthets ()nly ltttd rto ptoblctn
dealing witlt (ircc ' Salad. as tltcy ctnsltctl tltcttt (ll-.14.

ln tltc quarterfinals, ()rtw-Vt’nq could not pttll off
another ttpscl. Members Only outlasch ()ttw-qu
-tI-.‘I() to advance to the semifinals.

No. 5 Chappy's had tto problem witlt Dynasty. as
they beat tltcttt 55-44 itr their opcrtittg rotrrtd game. The
outcome was the saute for tltc Rim .lobs. as tltcy \vctc
casin bcatctt by Disastcr, 43-35. The witttrcr of tire
t'Irrtppy's—l)isttstcr quarterfinal gttrnc. “lllcll was
played late last nightI will rttcct Members Only lit the
scrrtil'ittais tonight at lt):|5 irt tltc gym. 'l'lrc finals in
League 3 will be playcd 'l‘lrttrstirty night at I):lS itt tltc
gym.

Unlike League .1. in which four rattkcd tcatns \vcnt
ottt irt the first round. all the tanked teams in leagucvt
won their opening round playoff games.

The number one ratlkctl Iiislrops shot past llorrt
brothers to advance to tltc qtrrrrtcr'finals. witilc No. it
Upcltuck tltc Boogie ltcat tltc Tracers to ttrcct the
liisitops irt tltc quarterfinals. In the quarterfinals, tltc
Bishops crttsltcd Upcltttck tltc ltoogic. 57-37.

lit the olltcr quarterfinal gatne itt thcit' division.
number four r'arrkcd litt-Va's bcrtt Nicc A” White to ad-
vancc'to tltc quarterfinals. \vitilc trttrnbcr scvcn rankcd
Mina. Shall We Dattcc advanced to tltc.qtrat'tcr'l‘inals
by beating Penetration. in the quarterfinals, again
there was another lopsided victory as llrt-Va's ran all
over Mina. Shall We Dartcc, 65-41. ‘

Till? semifinal game pitted tltc Bishops vs. the lia-
Vrt's. This game was played late last night.

ltt tltc other division itt League 4, tltc ttttttthcr two
ranked Big Monsters advanced to tire quarterfinals by
beating the New Sixty Nincrs. while rnrtrtbcr six liorrt
to Dribble got by Dcatlt Squad. ltt tltc quarterfinals,
Born to Dribble gave tltc liig Monsters a scare. but the
Big Monsters hung on to win 39-36 and advatrccd to

 

 

hm

"h

Lots MAHABONI ops
intramural basketball playoff action was In full
swing this past weekend.
tltc semifinals.

Ntrtnhcr‘ tltrcc .lL'llL'lsttlt ('lcrtncts arlvatrccd to tltc
qttattctl'ittttls by bcatittg Skortl firm. and tttttrthct l'i\c.
('iirtlon Running (itrnrrcrs advanced by beating litrt'trt
Tittlsl.

ltt tltc qttattctl'ittrtls. .lcl'l'ctson ('Icancts put away
Clinton R-(l 45-37 to nthancc to tire scrttil‘irtals. 'l‘hc
scrrrifittals pittcrl liig Monsters against Jefferson
('lcancrs. ‘i'ltis gamc was also playcrl late last night.
the League 4 finals \\ ill hc played tonight at |).'l5 itr tlrc
gym itr between the scltlillllttl games of l cagtrc 3.

ltr l.cttgtrc 2, iii the semifinals. tltc littitntcltttltlcs
bcat tltc lir'uisc iitothcrs 42-40. lrr tltc other scrnifitrrtls
gatnc, Nice a liasy bcat ('aslt Money 47-33. 'l'lrc finals
will match Nicc & lirrsy against tltc Untouchables.
Thursday at lt):|5 itt tltc gytn.

‘ Q 0

in tire AMIA hockey I cagrtc 2 playoffs. cight tcattts
rcrrtairt otrt ot' the original 2t) learns.

Marci-llatcrs will pirty l-Iusy's lirtt-tt-(irifl; 'l‘ul'l'
Darts will play l2th ptccittct; Milk will play Silcttccr‘s
artd l’trsh Down attd Turn will play Waste l’rodttct
llockcy. I

Volleyball club spikes top teams

 

lly Mark Wilﬁurd

YI'AII' ll Itlll:

 

There are many clubs on this campus that students
never seem to ltear about. One of tlresc groups is tltc
Albany State volleyball club.

The club is funded solely by tltc student Association
tnd competes against mostly Division 1 learns. Any
Albany State student is welcome Iojoitt. bttt as caplairt
liryrtn Satlcricc warned, “it Itclps to be experienced as
the play is competitive and there is a chance for
tnjury."

Thc squad competes ttttdcr two headings. lt prtrtakcs
in an NCAA season which begins in January and tire
United States Volleyball Association (USVItA) season
which is continuous throughout tltc entire year. Listed
among Albany's NCAA rivals arc Springfield, West
P031“. Rl’l. Harvard and Yalc. Currently. tltc tcarn‘s
record in 2-4 with six matches rctnrtining. liqrtally corn-
Petitivc are the USVliA tottrrtarttcttts irt which tltc

quality of play is vcr'y high.

A major problem for tltc cltrb team is that they have
no priority for gym time. "We get only four hours of
practice rt wcck attd tltcrr we have to go up against so—
tneonc that has practices for l4 hours," said Sattcrlcc.
“Still, ottr play is pretty rigorous atrd ctciting." I

“The only thing that wc gct (front SA) is gas atrd toil
tnortcy on our trips," ltc said about ltis team which as-
cd to enjoy varsin status at Albany rtntii tltrcc years
ago. “The SA has been very rticc. We couldn't have a
tcarn without them."

However. being on tltc cltth level has not hirtdcrcd
their success. Last year, tltc tcarn tnadc it to tire
playoffs before losing to George Mason itt addition to
being rated among tltc top it) in tire littst.

The future of the clttb is less certain. Next year,
there will be only titrcc or four plrtycrs rctttrrtirtg. lI'
yott have volicyball experience or jrrst arc interested it)
the sport, the Albatty State Volleyball club may be just
for yutr. (‘outact Satlcr'lcc at “iii-7474, I l

Netmen prepare forseason with four seniors

‘15 I'altcrcd for tts itr tltc fall," stated
.I looking to defeat Colgate for tltc Lcwis. “Thcrc are six clubs on tltc
ltrst ttrnc tn Aibarry State htstory. schedule that

Tire Danes will also be trying to
seek revcrtge against Vermont, who rial."

“Pcndcd the learn in the fall. 6-3. For the first
history the Great Danes wttl be host “
to tire NCAA Division II Ntttiottal durtng tltc [taster break to compete

r.

ltr order for us to be very suc-
u cssftti thrs season, we will bare to
t:t ltclp from the double spots. Wit”

 

"n"? mkﬂﬁﬁit r, r sage-tr Ira“

'l‘otrr‘rtatncnt ftortt May 9-15.

"it's cortsidcrcd a It‘ctttcttdotts‘
ltortor to host this year's NCAA

could cottccivably 'l'ourttatrtcttl." said Lewis. “i feel
bcat rrs if we don't piaytrpto potcrt— that we have the facilities to make

this tournament a success. It should

Iitnc in Albany be quite art cvcrtt on campus."

The squad will travel to Virginia

itt three exhibition matches. l i

JNJHA-rttta may... _.. . r

 

 

 

   
 

HAIR ,
' w. DESIGNERS
“at A5

‘i‘sw‘suuv Student 3 ecial
Precision Gut and glow D
$12.00

 

 

oooooocoo ' tioooooo
c Sculptured Nails $25
Special $50 Perm“ : Manicure
535 'Long Hair Extra : Pedicure

0...... 00......

Stuyvesant Plaza Mohawk Mall 1
438-6668 374-3589

 

 

 

 

 

- LUXEMBOURG

IGELAllllﬂlll IS STILL
YOUR BEST VALUE
Ill EUROPE

nouunrntr
Flt .
rnorvr BALTIMORE/ rttoM
NEW vomt WASHINGTON CHICAGO
 “1. ;.’.,'. .    ..... . 113i... .LiI}..ZT'..T.I.IJ.TJ.I.......

ALSO LOW COST SERVICE TO PARIS. FRANKFURT. AMSTERDAM AND
NICE. AND. REMEMBER. ONLY lCELANDAlR FLIES YOU TO THE
BREATHTAKING BEAUTY OF ICELAND. AND INCLUDES ALL THESE EXTRAS:

l Fri-c tlr-Ittsr- tnototroat It ltottr Luxr-ttthoutg to Frankfurt. Dusseldorf.

 

t’ologtrc. litthtttg. .\litltttlit'tttt. \l'ttppcrlal and held. Germany. I llat'gattt
t’r’ll tcrttrtls Irortr $illl/Wt't'k ttr Luxembourg. I l‘it‘t‘ tune with tlttllit'r.
r'ourtat' rtftr-t.

lrr-l.tttrltll lo I run tIIlttIltfR Lttxarr . aura-r trug with r- to nlitt‘t rtr-sttrratrotrs

It a Itrlut't hldlt rtsrr. has: rat. rurrt' s' .\tttar.-..r.t.,.-.rrrr.tram. .rttrlgnu-ltttttt-ttt
run-total st v your trawl .tut'ttl or 4 allttott/afr‘x IL'lz tut tlu- tult-trr-r irrtmrtrnt ttttttlltt‘t lit

in: " #—- ,
ICELANDAIR p,

IIUW Mali! "IAN [VIN mill] I!!! will! ’0 HINDI!

 

 

   

 

 

Summer \

at Adelphi
takes the heat

off school
in the fall.

There are so many good reasons to be part ofArleiphi's Summer
Session. Maybe you need to give more time to a really demanding course.
0r want to take a business clccltvc to round out a liberal arts degree.
()r hope to lighten your fall schedule so you can put more effort into
career planning. Maybe you simply want to lcam...for tltc fun of it.

Summer at Adciphi lets undergraduates and graduates accomplish
all these firings and more. in a setting that's relaxed. Removed front
tire pressures of the regular school year. ..but close to the pleasures
of the season.

()trr vast choice of courses focuses on everything from business and
computers to liberal rrrts and tltc sciences. We have special interest
workshops for educators. and highly regarded prc-profcssiortal programs
for students preparing for careers in medicine, dentistry. law and
business.

Summer at Adelphi. It's learning. in a brand new light. Call (516)
Obit-1120 or (212)347-9460 for complete information. Or use tltc
coupon below.

Our students Succeed.

Please send more information an Adclphi
University's Summer sessions.

N’illtL‘

Address

(‘itv

‘itatr- ’Iip
TL-lonltonr-

 

561030081

    

 

 

  Adelphi University, inquiry lioam Garden City. New
5| York “530

Melttltt UttIvrttlt" ll ruttttnitlrd to errtctttlttut e mi crlrtctrttonal
opportunity to at Ilttnc who qualify acadrtairr Iv

 

s.»

.- Mug” i. .-

 

 

 

 

 

