 
 
    
  

    
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
   
   
    
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
 

 

   
   
  
  
  
  
 
 

 

 

 

MARCH 22. I983

 

 

 

By Mu e Seliwarz
.‘lSNUl‘I/l ll" .\/’0R ’5‘ EDI I'Ult‘

 

The Albany State Great Danes baseball
teant enters tlte 1983 season with a youthful
look itt tlte field and on tile benclt. The Danes
lineup will feature five new starters and a
rookie manager.

“My goal is always to have a better record
titan the year before." Albany State baseball
ltetld coach Dave Haight said. "improve-
ment over the year before is-always impor-
rant."

Itaight in his first year as pilot of tire
Danes. will be tryittg to itnprove on last spr-
ing's -10 season. An assistant coaclt for tire
football learn. Ilttight will be leading a young
and somewhat inexperienced Albany tettnt.
"I figtlre we will ltavc a corrrpartrble season
(to last yettr)." he said. I

Huight is the offensive coordinator for tile
football team and was an assistant to last
year's head baseball coach Mark Collins.
When (.‘ollins left Albany tllis stttnmer.
Halgltt was givelt the job of baseball cottclt.

lie will be the fourth coach for the tealtt in
the ptlst two y nos. Prior to Collins. who
managed the team for the sprlrtg season last
year. Vince ('arncvttlc coaclted the team dur-
irtg the 1981 fall season. Rick Skecl was Ilte
skipper of the Danes for the previous two
years.

The Dancs’will look for strength artd sup-
port frortt the pitcllirtg staff. "We have a lot
of depth in this area. especially with three
returning starters front last year." Haight
cotntnettted.

Seniors Mike Gartment. Ron Mussaroni
anti Ralph Volk combined for a 6-9 record
last year arid will be instrumental to this
year‘s success. Massaroni led the learn in
complete games attd irtrtittgs pitched wllile
compiling art impressive 2.55 era. Volk was
second on the team in complete games and
led the team it] victories with tltree. His 4.11

era was second best on the squad. Gartman
was third in botlt era anti innings pitched
while recording a 1.2 record.

Albany will probably go with a five~tnan
staring rotation because of the many
doubleheadcrs they will play this season. The
other two spots will be shared among Tom
McCarthy. Steve Dolen and Chris Fletcher.
McCarthy saw limited action last year arid
will be used as a long reliever and spot
starter. Dolert. a junior transfer frottl Nassatt
Community College. “looks excellent." ac-
cording to Ilaigltt. Fletcher. a freshman. is
the other possible starter and is one of the
hardest throwers on the staff. He has been
clocked at 89 rnilcs-pcr-ltour. The Danes will
get relief help from .loel Atrlogia and Glenn
Bradbttrry.

All-SUNYAC conference team member

 

 

1983 Danes come to bat spOrting youthful look

Albany’s lineup will feature several

 

 

new starters and a rookie manager

       
 

  

,4.

. some» dwelt:

    

.. ‘4"

 

 

SUNA STEINKAMP UPS

Sophomore Hugh Davis is the starting centerttolder for the 1983 edition of the

Albany State varsity baseball team.

Jerry Rosco will be behind the plate for
Albany. The senior is cotning off a banner
season in which he batted .467. led the learn
itt rbi's with 32 anti lottll hits. “He‘s a very
cltttclt hitter. He makes cotttact all tlte time."
Irlaight said. "He is a good l-atler on the field
from behind the plate. He will be the rnaln
strength of tile team; we will look to him a lot
in tire early going." Rosctr will be tltc
designated hitter ill the games he does ttot
catch.

Backing Rosen up behind the plate are
sophomore Ted Dicks and freshman Mike
Murphy. Dotti are strong defensively, accor-
ding to Haigltt. Since Rosen will not make
the trip to Florida with the learn during spr-
ittg break. tllcsc two will see a lot of action.
“Hopefully his will get them some needed ex-
perience." ilaight said.

i'laigltt is hoping to platoon Riclt thndcr
attd .Iack Tierney at first base. Wattdcr. who
struggled at the plate last year hitting .140. is

looking to improve on that mark. Both
Wander and Tierney are good with the glove
and should provide the Danes with stability
at first base.

Tltrce players are fighting for the starting
job at second base, left vacant by Frank
Rivera. Tony Torres. Rob Schultis and Dave
Thelcmun are all in contention. Torres. who
saw some playing time on varsity last year. is
an excellent all-around ballpluycr. according
to Haight. Thelman. a freshman. has surpris-
ed everyonc. "He is probably one of the best
all-around players on the learn." Haight
said. He will also backup shortstop and third
base.

Dave Vogcl is the expected starter at short-
stop. He will be replacing Brtrce Rowlauds.
who graduated last year. He has a good arm
attd has looked strong in the early going.

Third base will be tertded by Bob Cortklln.
An all-confe 'nce player last year. he batted
.380 and is probably the best overall
ballplaycr on the learn. accordirtg to Iiaigitt.

From wltat I‘ve seen. we should ltavc a
better team defettsively this year." Haight
said. Last’year. defense was a major factor irt
the Dane sub .5(X) record. Albany commit-
tcd 53 errors in 1‘) games. 28 of them coming
from the starting infield leading to 42 uncttrtt—
ed runs.

The outfield will be anchored by Hugh
Davis. tltc lone returning starter. The
sophomore centcrl'ieldcr batted .292. led the
learn in runs scored with 25 and stole 14
bases. Mike Vosburgh will fill one of tire two
remaining spots and sophomore transfer
Greg Marshall from Salsbnry State in
Maryland is expected to round ottt the out-
field starting position. Also expected to see
action are Mike Milano. Atrlogia and Brad-
btrrry. The latter two are also pitchers. Brad-
burry bttttcd .405 last year. Junior Gene Tor—
ranto will DH and pinch hit for Albany.

Tlte Danes will not be able to rely upon of-
fensive firepower to win them games this
year. Last year. Albany hit .318 as a learn
and averaged almost cight- rtrns a game. “i
don‘t think we will be as strong around the
plate this year. We have to have strong
defense artd pitching to win as ball games."
Httigltl said.

"Every good team has surprises; young
players develop. We have a of of talent and
capability on this team. Hopefully we cart
perform well on the field." he added.

The Duties will travel to Florida for six ex-
ltibition games dtlriltg Easter break. Albany
will play two gantcs against the New York
Mets rookies. two with Dvision l Canisus
College arid a pair with Division I Rider Col-
lcgc. The Danes then return home to open
the season by hosting Harlwick on Monday
April 4 at 3:30 on University Field. 1 1

 

 

 

By Tom Kacandes

his best all season.

 

Captain lzrtc Newton also scored big points for the

Men ’3 in door track team takes eighth at States

was mostly due to the nature of the State mcet where run-
ners must win in the trials and semi-finals in order to score

 

SI?“ F IO’RIIER

 

 

The Albany State men . 'rttloor track team ended their
season with art cigltth place finish at the NY State Cham-
pionships held last Friday and Saturday at Fredonia.
Fredonia State took first place followed by Cortland.
Brockport. and the University of Rochester. Twenty-
thrceteams competed in all.

Albany's finish was somewhat disappointing according
to head coach Bob Mtlnsey. "We aren't a big meet team.
but we didn't have a great day either." Mtrnsey said. He
cited the long trip. the loss ofsprintcr Mitch Harvard. and
several sub-par performances as reasons.

There were. however, quite a few bright spots for
Albany during the rainy weekend. First among tltesc was
sophomore Marc Mercurio. who took second place ill the
35-pound weight throw and broke his own school record
for the sixth time this season. Mcrcurio's throw of 15.83
meters was nearly three feet more than last week's record.
“Marc has improved all season. he's deﬁnitely the best
weightman itt Albany history." said Munsey.

Another outstanding performance came when
freshman Bruce Van Tassel nabbed fourth place in the

50-mcler high hurdle final. His tlmt: of 7.0 seconds equals

Danes with his fourth place finish in the 500-meter rttn.
Also in the 500. Pat Saccocio ran a season-best time of
1:081). bttt did 1101 make it to the very competitive finals.

Other Albany scorers were Bill Nason. who took sixth
place in the sltot pttt. and captain Paul Mance. who leapt
13.27 meters for sixth place in the triplcjlrmp. Mttttce also
recorded a best ever mark of6.47 meters in the long jump.
bttt did not score.

Both the 4x400—tnctcr and the 4x800-metcr relays peak-
ed at States with season-best times. The 4x800-meter
relay of Jitn Erwin. Tom Kacandes. Noel Woodbttrn. and
Winston Johnson ran 8:035 to win their section arid place
fifth overall. Early on. the team lagged behind the
leaders. but Wootlburn passed five runners to give the
Dartes a big lead. running an outsttlndlrtg split of 1156.9 ill
the process.

The slow trttck surface at Frcdonia ittrrt Albany's
4x400-meter relay. who run their best race all season. but
only slightly bettercd their little. The team of Tony Rizzo.
Mike Riggins. Darren Pratt and Newton ran 3:29.! to
finish fifth overall.

In the team scoring. the Danes finished behind areu
rivals Union and RPI for the first time all season. This

in the finals. Tile ‘83 Danes have a great deal of depth
and competitive talent. bill are sorely lacking the
“superstar” type of talent that scores ttguinst state-meet
level competition. Only Mercurio. Newton. and Van
Tassel could be considered such. Senior Mitch Harvard.
who scored big last year. missed most of the post-season
competition because of a hip injury, btrt will hopefully
return for outdoor. The season ended before many of the
younger Danes had time to develop the potential they
showed in the dual tnects.

In tltosc early meets the indoor lrﬂCkSlL‘t‘S showed great

promise. Albany beat Springfield for the first time at their

Williatns opener in January. They also lost to trust
Williams. btlt went on to trounce RPI. Union. Westt‘ield.
and Plattsbttrgh. The Danes entered the post season 7-1.
their best record ever. Yet. the depth that helped Albany

' in the dual meets was of too low a level to allow the Danes

to dominate big meets as they did single opponents.

Albany continued to score well and improve, but as the
team moved into higher levels of competition the momen-
tum faded. Despite this. the ‘83 season was one of the
most successful in the history of the indoor track prt)<
gram. [ I

 

   
   
 

 

VOLUME LXX

 

Friday

April 8, 1983

NUMBER [6

 

 

 

By Lori Van Auken

Fears of extensive university-wide layoffs
and the closing of certain SUNY college 'ant-
puscs were temporarily quelled by the March
27 passage of the state budget. in which state
lawmakers added $13.7 tnlllion to the SUNY
budget. bringing it to a $39.5 million total.

Layoffs of SUNY ctttployees. 35 of which
were scltedttictl for Albany. will rttost likely
be rescinded. according to Vice Chancellor
for Unlvcr. y Affairs Robert i’errin.

Neverthc ... l’errin said other SUNY
budget ctrts will create a wave of after-shocks
in the ttttivcrsity system. ilttlicatittg that
SUNY‘s fiscal problems are far frotlt over.

"Legislative tlctions Itave only alleviated.
btrt ltot eliminated lltc problem at SUNY."
l’errin wartted. “There will still be difficulties
and there will still be cuts.“

SUNY students will be facing a $300 in-
crease itt itt ttlitiott. A projected $1.6 million
will be raised from art increase itt npplictttiott
fees. Other ttrtivcrsity fees ltave ltot been rtrl-
cd otrt. btrt their exact nature is yet unknown.

Also. in art effort to avert university
layoffs. Pcrrin c\piaincd that :lpproxitttlttcly
$26 rttilliotl was slriflcd front otltcr program
areas into the personnel portion of tire
budget. This money was derived from $12
million savings itt energy. the result of a mild
winter and lower ftth costs. $1 .6 million front
increased application fees. at $5.4 rnilliort
reduction irt supplies. a $1.5 ntillion reduc—
tion in building repairs. altd a $900,000
rcdtrction itt SUNY Central Atltninistration
and Cotnptrting Center expenses.

An unestitnatcd amount of added revenue
from bondirtg surpluses was also included to
prevent faculty and staff reductions. ' cor-
ding to Director of the SUNYA Office of
Financial Management Eugene Gilchrist.

Despite these ctlts and the $300 tttliott Itike.
SASU Legislative Director Steve Cox said lie
was “extremely pleased" willt the final
btldgct.

“We ltad to cortte up with money
somewhere." Cox explained. adding that the
state attd SASU ltad to tttakc a priority deci-
sion to “politically choose betweelt ruisittg
ttlition or saving programs."

According to SASU President .littt Tierney
SUNY condttctctl the “biggest lobbying day
itt lltc history of tire New York State
Legislature."

"Everything clicked." Tierney said. ad-
ding that SASU arid lobbying university

 

 
   

 

State comm

students successfully restored 2.500 proposed
university-wide layoffs altd received an extra
$10 million to prevent tr tuition increase of
$50. tints bringing the tuition ltikc to its cur-
rent $3(X) level.

In addition. Tierney said. tltc State Univer-
sity lobbylttg effort eliminated 11 proposed
$150 roont and board hike. a $200-$250 matt-
datory ltcalth fee. a $50 trtltlctic fee. a corn-
rltorl area fee and bus fee.

Although plans for many of tltcse fees
were not completely elirnittatctl. 'i'icrncy said
students will at least not be paying thettt dur-
ittg the 191i3-li4 fiscal year.

"Stanley Fink is the hero in the campaign
for SUNY." Tierney observed. “He pushed
and wouldn't let the university systcln be cttt.
Somebody should write him a tllarlk yotl
note."

liowever. SUNY tltay still ltave u layoff
problem if individual campuses usc layoffs to
save otltcr ctlt prograltt areas. sllitl Steve All-
ittgcr. program analyst for the Assenllby
Higher Education ('onnnittcc.

According to l’crrin. rltore than 1.000
faculty attd staff positions may still be lost
tltrotrglt atlritiott and the elimination of
vacancies irt university personnel. Further»
rttore. many employees may take advantage
of the state's new early retirement benefits
plart. creating new vacancies which may also
retnain tlrtfillcd or cut.

'l‘wo lttrrtdrcd university cltlployccs. ex-
cluding faculty. are eligible for early retire-
rncrtt. Of those. 45 have chosen the plan artd
more nruy be added before the May 2
dcadlitte. explained llolly l’ittwkcs of the
SUNY-Albany Personnel Office.

Because faculty members are trrttler a dif-
ferent ttttiott retirement system. special
legislatiott is needed to inclttdc tlrerlt under a
state employee early retirement program.
Such lcgislatiort is ctlrtctttly bcirtg discussed.
Hawkes sald.

Pcrsortrtel Director Leon .1. Calhoun said
that the official number of layoffs will be
determined by the ltttrttber of university
etttployecs who will opt for tile state early
rctirctncnt plan. While tltc ttniversity has
received no official ltolicc to rescind its
layoffs, Calhoun said the 35 layoffs have
been deferred to May 5 from their original
April 7 date.

“This is a lotlglt situation to manage."
said Albany President Vincent ()'I.ear_v.
"The wltole campus will feel the cuts ill pro—
grams altd we will have to live with the conse-

B‘ - " t

Budget allettiates cuts, but funds remain tight '

DAVE ASH ER UPS

 

SUNY Central Administration; Inset: President O'Leary

Legislative llt‘llOItJ‘ have only alleviated but not climinu/erl Illu pruh/(‘IN tll SUN Y.

qucnccs of early retirement vacanctes. bttt
hopefully. we will be able to keep some posi-
tions.” ltc added.

There are currently 96 vucurtcics at Albany
which cotlld be targetetl for elimination.
These ittclttdc 12 factllly positions. 40 finance
arid business administration positions. 1H
research anti cdtlcatiottal tlcsclopntcnt posi-
tions. and scvctt ftrll lilttc teaching and
graduate assistantships.’l‘lte remaining 26
vacancies are spread throughout the offices

of ltrti\etsily. student and academic affairs.
as well as the president‘s office.

The c\act mrmbcr of program arld position
cuts for individual SUNY campuses will not
be known until later next week when SUNY
('eutral .»\tlntirtisttalion anti the Slate Divi-
sion of Budget agree on tile specific school
allocations. Once this plan is rcvctllctl.
(1'1 crtly and the \ice presidents will agree on
specific program of allocations at SUNYA.

17>

ission supports dorm damage fees

 

By Tim She1|

\I.-I II. I'll/AX 8! [fl ll'l
he dormitory common area damage ice
was rccettlly clttlorscd by a state commission
which cites alcohol and a general lack oi
respect for property as the major reasons for
vandalism damage “to the ttrrre of an
estimated $600,000 a year" in the SUNY
dorms.

The Legislative Commission on Expen-
ditttre Review. “a reliable arm of tire
legislature" as its co-chairman. Senator John
Marchi(R-Staten Island) believes, released a
report which says SUNY “has denied cartr-
pttscs authorization for a corttrnort area
cltargc to recover vandalism costs." which
range between $630.00 to $652,000 at
SUNY's 26 dormitory campuses.

The report stlrvcyed 11 calttptlscs and
estitttated the costs due to vandalism range
betwcclt $186.06ii to $507,348, with costs per
residcltt rtlntting froltt $5.47 to $14.93.

The report lists 2.350 instances of van»
dalism in the 94 dorms (at the 11 'arn‘puses
surveyed) “with graffiti arttl datttage to elec-
trical fixtures. ceilings ttltd walls comprising
70 percent of that number."

 

 

Five hundred fifty-six fires at the eight '

“Vandalism deterrence at SUN Y campuses
does not receive the attention it deserves. ”

— State Sen. John Marc/ti

 

reporting campuses occurred between 1978
and 1981. according to the report. Seventeen
arsons were reported at the eight campuses
although FBI statistics. listed in Crime in the
UIIiler/ Slates says that no arsons were corn-
tnltted at arty SUNY campus in 1981.

The commission surveyed 1.150 SUNY
students who ltad lived in dorms in the spring
of 1982. and “found that almost two-thirds
of tile 410 rcsportding sttldents tlrottgltt vari-
dalisrrt a “significant problem' on their cartr-
pttscs." Of those 246 students. about R5 per-
cent thought that lack of respect for property
was the major cause of v9 dalism.

According to the rcpot . SUNY Buffalo
had tltc highest estimated vandalism darttage

— $65,700. SUNY Albany was not included
in the sttrdy. '

The commission lambasted SUNY Central
for denying campuses “the authorization for
a common area charge to recover vandalism
costs." it also accused SUNY of not having
“undertaken or centrally coordiltatcti van-
dalism deterrence efforts." to which Mttl‘clti
added at a press conference Wednesday.
"vandalism deterrcttcc at SUNY calnpttses
does not received the attention it deserves."

SUNY was ftrrther berated for its iltttbility
to "identify altd segregate damage costs ilt
residence balls." as well as “individual cattl-
puses‘ iltability to provide accurate expert—
dittrrcs for repairing vandalism damage."

lllc t't)llltttt\\it111 stated that its ctl'olls \sctc
“hampered” by these shortfalls. the com-
ntissioll referred to ptisttlc collcgcx titlti other
sliliL‘ public schools in computing \iltltiiliisltl
occurrences.

"SUNY should carefully
tttrtltori/ing the campuses to ttxscss tt‘sltic‘ltls
for damage to collllnorr or group areas.
especially itl view of the common area charge
as a w 'lrpon against vandalism irl ptisate col»
lcgcs.” Mttt'clti said.

The report said. however. that title to
SUNY‘s damage cost determination system.
“these costs are ttrtbillable. either all dor-
tttitory residents pay for them through higher
roorn rcrttltls or the state's taxpayer's absorb
them tltrotlgh increased subsidy to tire SUNY
dormitory program.

Countering SUNY Central contention that
without proof of an individual‘s culpability.
a common area damage charge might be
deemed by a court as a "penalty." and
Ilterefore illegal. The report and Marchi say,
l‘tl‘cttt it as an administrative charge. ttol a
penalty."

In a letter dated February 3.8 Chancellor
Wharton counterattackcd commission fin-
dings. “National studies of vantlallsnt in col-

15>

consider

 

 

   

 

