  
   
  

 
 
 
 
   

  

   

.t:' 1‘44

5
our .

Iv,- lsa 1.:

 
  
    
 
 
  
  
     
  
 
    
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
    
 
 
   
 
   

 
   

  

    
  

  
 

     
 

 
 

 
   
    
  
 

  

 

     
    

mwa'tW-UW as. . ..

      
 
 
  

't
5..
i.

._.. -u..-,‘.'ﬂ>i,i¢4‘.-

C'.
i
ps
I.
‘
p

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

‘ 1
120 "w I'm" a“ M —__

"Hanover/r2»

<>Z

I)

43-.

The Year Of Not Living Danger

brriage. unemployment. the
glamorous world ol advertising. living
together. inter-religious marriage. A
rrew novel by Judith Krantz? Perhaps the sequel
to Winds a] War? eratever you might have
heard. tile doesn't end with school. it lust
becomes less enioyable.

David Brooks

Graduation. The release lmrn the prison oi
higlter education. I remerrrber wishing ior this
day as lar back as 9th grade when getting out ol
college (llrllr grade) was but a lar dream.
Freedom.

Liie isn't too cruel to the young and innocent.
'l'hts thought cornlorted me as I began to strike
out and preteird to be grown up in the real
world.

As any parent will tell you, the triost important
step ii] lookttig lor is )ob is to ask relatives. "It's
not what you know. it's who you know." says
l)arl. patting you on the back and troddirrg his
head This is true. and can be successlul il: i)
you have relatives who like you and 2) they are
in a position to give you a tub. Consider yoursell
rrortnal ii the lirst condition is true. very Irrcky
almost blessed ii the second is true as well.

| lotian mysell In this position just two weeks
alter graduattorr. My uncle is a president oi a
major division oi a multinational corporation
(Yes. lre likes rue) Yet asking him tor a job turn-
ed out to be a irustratttrg exercise. Rather than
turiririg me down cold the dtdtr't or couldn't get
tne a job). he reierred me to his ltlerrd. the cor-
porate vice-president ol advertising services
As an RCO graduate who tell a little too
stiperlor to go on to graduate school. the only
real road open to me was advr'rtislng Alter all. I
wrote tor the student paper. I took all those
creative writing courses and I even Irad a lew
itlrrr and plroio credits to garnish my resume
('rreat credentials‘ l'd be a natural ior an assistant
creative director at a big ad agency in midtown
Dressed irr my best suit (Oscar de la Retrial I
went to rrreet my “coriireélion.” l‘lls ollice was
on the 43rd lloor oi an exclusive Park Avenue
ollice building, Riding up the elevator. ieeling
my ears pop, I began to rirake plans ior
decoratiitg trry oiiice and wotrderrrrg il l'd be
overlooking Central Park or the East River
Tire receptionist greeted me lrom behind her
delicate Louis XIV desk arid rang rrry cotrtact.
Ile appeared from behind a dark oak door. I
shook his hand - llrmly - arid we entered his in»
rrer sanctum, the place where all the
"high-level" decisions are made. He motioned
lot are to sit and i sank obediently trrtu the soii‘
tress ol his line. Corinthian leather
chair. “Well. David, the lirst thing I want to
mention to you is that I'm not here to give you a
job," he began.

I could leel my head tilt up with cotton. Tire
kind oi leeltng you might get when your boy/girl
lriertd says: “Maybe we should start to see other
people" and you thought things were lost litre
between you.

"I will. however. help you every step ol the
way when you begin your job search." he lintsh-
ed.

Wow. I wonder how many times he had given
this speech to eager college students looking tor
a hand out. He altered me a lew empty prov
mises about "contacts" and "leads" and sent me
on my way. Slowly I realized that the horror
stories about the poor economy were also ap-
plicable to me.

My lirst resumes were a waste oi time. I would
mail them out with horrible cover letters. nice
and still and antiseptic. Just the way real people
like to read 'em.

Alter a lew weeks ol this type at anonymous
reiection, my girllriend decided that I wasn't try‘
ing hard enough. She insisted that I go out into
the street and take my reiecttorr like a man.

"(50 out there and stop by the ollices. one by
one. and give them your resume." she demand-

 

 

So i did. The next lour weeks were spent
wandering up and down Madison Ave. dropp-
trrg oil resumes. l'd come in lrom the hot streets
Just long enough to have the sweat chill my skin
to the point oi clammy. then silently drop oil my
vitall and gulp “Could you please give this to
Mr. Churchill?"

taking pity on my sweating mass. then utull the
resume into her "to" box. Then I would leave.
This silly cycle would go on and on. till I gave
out 15 resumes a day. Alter a month oi grueling
“drewup sauna” i learned two things: 1) went

 

shields are not the crusty deport l wasth lalt

 

r‘y

Th

   
 

i
i
t
i
l
i
I

 

 

The receptionist would blankly store up at me. I

 

iir your slrirt's arm-pits and 2) it you don't see so-
meone lace to lace, you won't make an impres-
ston.

Wow. heavy insight. To me. it was a revela-
ttorr. l began to see the Mr. Clrurchtlls and the
other exec's. Sometimes yes. more times not.
but at least l'd get a "lirst Interview" right away
and not have to wait weeks ior no reply.

Using this new strategy l got my lirst oliet.
then another. then almost a third (No min
rrietrt) The best oi Ihenr was a "copywriter prrtrt
production person" at a small business advertrs
rrrg agency Without too rnrrr h thought or
hesitation. I took the Job

Eartﬁ'l'wo: Being There

5 Mr Spock said in a long lorgotten
episode nl Star l'rr-k "Wanting is
soriretiittes more pleasurable tlrair
having " This is especially true when you try sir
long and so hard to get somewhere that you
never really question whether you want Ill be
there or not
liy some twist ol madness we decided to live
about 35 miles northwest oi the city. treat my
lrorrre town. This is about 2 hours each way by
"express" commuter bits. I would gladly pack
onto a SUNY bus lrorn Alurrrnl to the Circle
every day than spend 20 hours a week stuck to
the Red 8: Tan Line's dirty vtiryl seats. parked in
the Lincoln Tunnel lot a hall hour each rnorn«

rig.

A lrlend of mine had been looking ior a tub
twice as long as l'd been. He is small and irail ior
his age. At last count he's been mugged three
tirires. once at Burger King during lunch Irour. iir
lront oi a security camera. l have been a little
luckier

One sweaty day in July l was walking up W.
4lst towards Broadway. On the stage door
stoop vi a theater I spotted a bag lady who
seemed to be getting up to walk my way. But.
rrridway in her crouch. she iroze. caught bet-
ween sitting back down or arrrbltrrg over. lfrorn '
underneath her skirt shot a golden stream til I
urine. splattcrlng the sidewalk and rutrrrtrrg
down to the gutter.

Whenever I tell people about the daily lour '.
hours oi commuting. my sub-average wage,
and the amount ol work I do they shake their
treads with pity and conlustorr. “Why?”

"Well. because i want to make it in New
York." answer proudly.

I don't know the real reason Perhaps just
because It's there. it I got a )ob at “Larry's One
Stop Advertising" i wouldn't get the experience
or the “New York Cool" I Seem to have now.
But I wouldn't have the headaches and the ten»
sion l have now either.

I think I want to move to LA. But lirst l have
to make it in New York.

I start by worklrrg at my small industrial ads/er-
ttslng agency. We write ads ior small clients thlat
nh one has euer heard ol. Small rrrakers oi
pushbutton switches, rnnkurs oi transient
voltage suppressors. makers ol shrink wrap and
PVC insulating tubing ior wrapping bundles oi
cables in cable television installations Yes,
lolks, the big time.

Besides lust trying to understand all oi this. i
have to get together suppliers and creative types
to produce an ad. An artist and I work together
to conceive a lormat and layout at the ad. Then
he makes the mechanical, (mechanical means
mechanical art. ll you really want to know all
about this. call me and we’ll have lunch.)

>_ ef-tec'eptlonist would b aukly-

' - stuféjup'a’t me, taking pity on my
sweating mass, then. stuff the

‘ resume into her “In” box. Then I

2 ' * ~ would leave.

 

 
 

Photographers and artists. graphics and type
houses; everything is lelt up to me to do. Big
deal. It seemed like an awesorrre responsibility
when l lirst started but now it is a precarious
bore. Something so sinrple and easy. till you
screw up and order the wrong triatertals. Their
you waste a whole lot oi money and look really
dumb,

The most important part ol my Job is writing i
write lor 12 active clients. creating 9.") per cent oi
their advertising and publicity releases. Knowing
their products and their customers becomes the
most important goal hit me to achieve. | Irave to
understand how their products work. why they
work. and wiry anyone should care. and make
people care even tlrorrglr it goes against all
Il'l‘blill

But advertising is not all Darren Stevens and
Larry 'l'ate with Samantha watttirg at liorrre,
mixing a pitcher oi dry martinis There are sortie
days when the job gels boiitrg. There are some
clients who are )rrst downright greedy; they
seem only concerned with triaklrig a quick buck
with crap rrrercharrdise

I make about 5512.000 a year. (and l )ust got a
raise!) But the total at all our clients' bllliitgs
(tlrelr total advertising spending) is close to a trail
rtrilltorr. It isn't unusual ior a client to spend
$3.000 on one ad that has a potential oi gnlnlng
him l.lll)li responses. Depending on what he
actrrally sells, a client could make 1th or even
50X his iirlttal ad investment.

Compare this with what I rrrake lrom writing
the ad which makes Irltn all that money and you
cart see the reason I get depressed.

Right now I have to ignore the economic lire-
qulties at working in advertising. I'm very lucky
lost to be here, at arty price. l'll let Marx worry
about the inequities. l need the irrotrey too
rrruclr to get upset about it.

Ignoring social and economic lnlustice was
supposed to be a nrlddle aged llaw. I never
thought l'd be capable ol tumltrg my back on it. I
can't remember the last time l was concerned
about rising prices. taxes aird interest rates.
Things change.

I don't get up at cocktail parties and condemn
wellare cheats and loud stamps, but then I don't
helclr and turn to the Odd Couple when the
evening news comes on. Perhaps this is a sign oi
growing up. Or )ust growlrrg old.

Group sex. marital allairs. and child molesta-
tion: all trappings oi middle age. 1 think a lot
about these deviant tendancies in people. Not
that I want to have a wild orgy with a troop ol
Brownies but marital lldelity and the allairs
everyone else has makes me worry about my
own strengths and weaknesses.

Raising kids and beginning a lamin is also
becoming a real concern. It's no longer
something I can lust say “Oh. wow. that too
weird to deal witlt." Slowly it is materiallzlng into
a real possibility

While i try to cope with this. most ol my
lriends are still gettttrg used to my marriage. It
you're in a situation where you are one religion
and your boy/girl lriend belongs to another
religion, lundamentally opposed to a mutual co-
extstance within the bonds oi matrimony. this
section is lor you.

My wile and i had been going out lor 3 and a
hall years when graduation came around.
Everyone "knew" we’d get married. There was
just a wee problem. Shir is Jewish. I am it

Her parents were at lirst staunchly opposed to

ous y

 

 

 
    
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
     
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
       
   
 
     
  
  
 
   
    
   
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 

r

our seeing each other. then to our getting
serious about one another, their to ottr con-
templating marriage ’I he relationship between
Sue and lrer parents became more strained as
the months dragged on. There were threats ol
"being kicked out oi the home" and finally sym-
Irolic punishments like no birthday card and their
absence at graduation
ltr conirontattons like this. there arcI a number

rrl possible moves They tried them.

lint-sown the son/daughter. This
will/should make her/Iritu come to his senses
.itrd tiratry a "nice" boy-girl

Zl'l'hreateu haunting hour the grave and
other grotesque visions ol extraterrestrial tor
trite

Ililgnorr- the whole thing atrd call the Rabbr

(lilgnore the whole thing atrd sit Shiva

l'r)lt_tirore the whole thing

We had .r lrearrtrlul. nonreligious ceremony

organist arid all. at the Uritted Nations Chunlr
Center l.ilu- losing your virginity or being in a
irear latal rar crash. it was one oi thosr-

i

moments you will always remember vividly
even tlrorrglr you were near hysteria.

There was no escaping the energy of that trio
merit when the organist played the Wedding
March and I entered the chapel with Sue on my
artrr. When the "leader." (the nonreltgiotn
rabbi-minister equivalent) asked me; “Do ynrr.
David. take Susan to be your wile. etc..." my
blood was pumptngabout twice as last as any
other time in rrry llle. Not even lostitg my virginl'
ty was this harrowing

When it was over, a great weight was lilted till
my shoulders. The pressure was oil: the chains
'were on. But. lor the moment, I was Iii lutaven

We cooked and catered our own recepilort.
no thanks to the bride's embittered parents
Champagne. cake, great deli. and Coq Au Vitrl

tcooked mysell the night beiore.

Everyone In the room was in love. Adults arid ‘
relatives (rrry iartrlly) were talking with most oi 
our irlerrds, not like most allairs where all the '
guests are segregated by age. It was an hottest
lew hours where everyone scented to wish us
well.

For marriage, ll you want to be happy. pick
someone you tlrlnk you can siaird lor the rest ol
your lite. not just someone you love. Living
together is not a question ol love; It's a question
oi patience and tolerance in the lace ol over-
whelming adversity. Getting used to the intimate
habits ol someone can be pure hell. The best
you cart do is lirrd someone who won't tear your
eyes out or make you want to do the same.
That's a srrcc :ssiul marriage.

Finally. because i am now a mature. well-
rounded. lanrily mail, 1 ieel it is my duty (as a
patronizing alumnus) to give you the wisdom oi
my advanced years. Here their is a guide ior tile:
1) Don't spend so much ol your money. Put

some in a mutual loud or something. .

2) Have as rnrrclr ion and excitement in your tile
as possibly can...but no dressing tip in rubber
underwear and making it with your best lrlerrd's
wile. (Don‘t laugh nrany oi you will probably do
just that.)

It) It you get married. make sure she/he is great
in bed and will be a nice mother/lather. too.
4) Get organized and wear nice clothes once in
awhile.

Fr) i-‘tnally. keep in touch with us many lrlends as
you can. Lila altar collage gets very lonely, very
last. Friends have a way oi lllpplng through the I
crnckr. its not easy to lirrd lrierrdn as close as the l »
one: you have right now. Don't blow it. E] r r

 

ell here we are. This is the article
that has been ﬂoating around in
'my head for the last year or so. In
. hnetder style l’m Writing it about
5 belore the deadline. Classic. 1
.. think about this article when l
t a phone call from the then
editor. Andy Carroll asking It i
to be Music Editor this year.
. it? l'd slaughter for ltl “—

ert Schneider

 

it's over. As a matter oi lact. so is
,r ole college career. Looking back
e events oi the last lour years. llind
r wanting to change some things; but
ultimately happy with the total pic-

by For happy:

, happy. on the most basic level.
se l have achieved what I set out to
For years l‘d heard things about
YA, and none oi it good. l'd heard
this place reduced geniuses to stam-
ng idiots. who lied home In panic alter
irst week. Tlrat didn't happen tome. lir
, i did well here. much better than i
girl that i ever would, it didn't happen
I the middle ol the second year; but I
ritually learned how to manage my time
ctively. I haven‘t looked back since.
irtil last Spring. however. I had at»
uiely no activities besides studying.
‘ trkitrg. arid an irregular schedule til
rking out That's when l lirially decided
r get my nerve up and go up to the ASI’
retrospect, that's probably been my best
ecls‘tou ill the last loin years You can't
magitre tlrt.I satislactton ol writing an tllll
le, going over it. and eventually seeing it
in print. Unlike the other organi/alions I
had previously attempted to Join. l iotrnd

. letvor no signs oi the dreaded clique at the

ASP The same. sadly. can't he said lot
marry other "open" student artivrtres the
ASP has so much to oiler that it's almost a
sin not to try yortr hand at writing.
business. or production. ()n a materialistic.
pragmatic level. it looks good to
employers. and it takes the conversation
all your 2.” Seriously, the people are real»
ly nice and iriendly. arrrl opportunities do
exist
Being Music Editor was lun l'd like to
think that I left this position better oil than
w‘etr I started. I know that l have. The
A t’is now on, or in the proc ss ol getting
on. the trialling lists oi most ol the Big (1
record distributors. llopelully. next year.
the stall oi ASl’ects will have inlirritely
more choices in deciding what music to
cover. I think that we covered a nice variety
0i tttrtsic this year. especially when you
he lit to account the incineration ol

 

J

.l I) Scotti; I met alot oi really musically
knowledgeable people through the paper. I
lian il hysterical that thiI most r'ltlsi'-tttltttlu(l
triusit' critics aren't lourrrl among the l lr'avy
Metal trtiwrl. or among the legions Itl
dinosaur lovers Rather, you'll liiul that
they are (badly those who prides» to be
open to the newest trends and styles
Strange. I‘lll'l It"’

Ihwpttc trry toy over ararlrrntic success
and the ASI’, I don't tlrrttk that college
would havr' been anywhere near as nice as
ll was ii I hadn't iourrrl love here Utiior'
tunatelv. that's also the ioot ol rrry deepest
Htllllll'bﬁ

Wliy l'rrt soil

I'm sad. because l think I've learned a
very unplr’nrsant lact this year: Love, no
matter how deep or special. usually ends
tip in disaster lrrrel her on September l2.
l‘lt‘ll l-‘or live hundred and tetr days. we
shared our lives ldon't think I'll ever love
sortierrrre more I might. tl I'm lucky. be
able to match it. htit top it never. That's
why I'm ‘rllll rrrrrrrb three months alter the
etrd (‘tirrrrnstanres forced her to stay
home llti's semester Hellislrly and cruely.
she tlt‘t’ttlr'il that a commitment was too
nnrrh lor her So she threw us away.
l’erhaps on the grand scale. this all makes
sense All I had now is bitter and rejected.
Alter other breakups. the sight ol happy
loving couples used to make me sad. Now

 

it inst makes me laugh.

Short Cut

uketr in its iullest meaning, llle has much to oiler us. Little things. like walks iii
the park, or lriends getting together ior a week-end retreat
We all have moments when it might be better for all concerned it we corrld

stop hogging center stage.

In the life that God has given to one Harold J. Smith. we can

599 the limits ol the toys oi our desires. The grass is seldom any greener on the other side
at the lance. Children always rebel against their parents. only to rettrrrr to the values that

their parents taught them. Harold is your a

or lor that matter people in general. it see I
ld (Ire has never torgiven Irerrloricloirrg that to ltlrn). “7

head when he was two year‘

 

a Irttrd. a complete atrd "udder"
about). He's like running into twenty mile

W“ «I good soil. the kind oi guy who plays I
\l' \Vilh llllllil|lll

mind or to be aware lot that matter. that I

who would look at a rainy day as an exce

One day a girl, a special sort oi girl. not too he M
.rltlr ll brick shit houses are your type oi thing. It s a

your continued interest A picture oi he

Alli/way. Mabel gets the. Iron. ior llarolrl
CK\It't deal with this “pushy” woman
trail

"‘9 IGIIUWS were planning on evening up
“5' 90cm in show you that long stor

matter oi choice. iir this world, there is little
lllllttis that people are so wont to do Mabr-
catch my understanding Just goes to NIIUW WIM'

Needless to say. Harold's stitl(lt'it popularit
tire iellows are hot (but lets Just any that tin-v ttl'l‘

iii: In rtt - title. It would be unbearable lll ‘
I ' u U' "M "n" 1' the odds a little /\I llatold a expense oi course.

tes cart be made altorl.t

  

verage sort ol guy who has little need ior words

his that Harold's mother dropped him on his

ubert‘Kenneth Dickey

Well. Harold iinds ltlrnsell outside, outside I I ‘
ass ( I'll leave it to your imagination what this cat was
s oi had roads and you've got lousy shocks lie

the in omit/£1.33 be perlectly blunt the guy is

art with lamp trusts. llarold didn't seem to
lat. Harold was the sort oi lellow
llr-rrt chance to rcitll his waterhed.

.rrrtrirrl. trrst heauttirrl enough to ensure

to guide us to a proper understanding oi the
I. as she is called. (itttls l laiolil irr's t‘ltlt'. ll you
ll sr'irteeiter in gay l’arir. will thr lor you
llrtlltltl being your basic tnnd type that he is.

What lit tln'.’ l'UUt. tutor llarrild. a woman on his

v has not gone rrnirottr ed that Is to say that
hot lot it lltllrI rliilr'ietit reason) it's ri Sltii‘
ttlreatrihlr- ltti the lellows), lltt‘lt,'li)|u
lorrly we would cut the shit. i I

 

 
  
 

 

W "H ﬂu-l «cl 130

 " Slice Of Life

all the way back to 1969. I've learned, 5
through my limited contacts in the real
,wurld. that the old myth that "you go
nowhere without a Business degreez” Is Just,
that - a myth. On a deeper. more serious|
Ilevel. I've come to the realization that no'
opinion. and-this t5 important-no opinion is
right. That's a very comiortlng thought. it
'you think about It. It you leel that. ior ex-
lample. the bar scene sucks. and that the
'downtown bars are both overcrowed and
loverrated. then your bellei ts lust as valid as
'anyone else's.

I used to wonder what I would be like
when I "grew up,” leelttrg that I would be a
totally dillerent person. I now realize that
this is essentially the way I'll be ior the rest
ol my life - I‘ll always be emotional. in-
trospective. warm. sloppy. somewhat ol a
,loner. etc. I don't like to be tied down to
one place or situation. That's why these last

 

 

l'trr alraid oi relationships with women
now. I never want to he as vulnerable as I
was with her Consequently. whenever a
new opportunity artses. a wave ol tltrtiltl
rolls over Ittrt. as i try to decide whether or
not even to make the ('lirrlt (I also lr'at trl
jectloii. it you rorrlthr't tell) I really don't
know what will snap tire tilll oi all this I'rrr
sure that by the trnir oi the wirtttty. I'll Irr-
'in litVt' rvttlr someone

l saw a very nperlal pct-.on ill itry lite
have a lil'thilh breakdown A real. honest
to ( irrtl. llll k'etn tip nervous breakdown It
taught tire litany things l'll never (I hope)
let etrrploynrerit pressures get to tire That
was ilre cause oi this person's collapse.
ltuck the world. rrry sanity mines lirst
Physical and mental health top everything.
at least lot me I have both right now l'oi
tutratr'ly, so does that spr'r tal person

Speaking oi employment the thought ol
gutting rrp each morning. Fr days a week.
Fill weeks a year. spins my tread On [trust
ttruirrlrrgs here. the option to do/e on ex-
isted No more While we're on the srtbtect.
the thought oi clawing it out with the other
rats in the race doesn't exactly thrill lilL'.
either. I suppose I will eventually adapt. but
I don't think I'll ever love it as much as col
lege.

Wltrtt I'iIL' lr'tlttit'll here
I've learned never to walk right rrp to a
door that opens out I still have l)r.

llour years were so great - lhad two worlds.
ll things weren't going well at home. there
was always the promise oi a return to
school. and vice-versa. I wonder how I'll
adjust to the contines oi just one world
One way that my personality has chang-
n'l is lit the area oi sell-esteem I used to
llook up to rtrarry dillerent people I wanted
to be like them. lot various reasons As it
turns out. most oi my old "idols" tripplerl
long ago Right now. there is absolutely no
ttlii' on this planet that I'd trade places wrih
lir'ally int-an that lgur'ss that slrmvs .r t er-
tain artrrrrrnt ol glatlrress about rriy Iile
l)itt' Art the things that lprirlr' llly‘ri'll on is
my attitude towards otln'ts Things have to
be goriirt terribly ior me to snap at slam-one
else I really try titrl lit Irirtt people I try
damn hard. and right now, at this pornt. I
don't ieel guilty about anything I'm happy
with how I am. what I am, and who i am
1 Writltrg is the one thing that really sets
‘nre lrev Kurt Vonnegut has called tron-
.liction writers “literary beaks." in that they

1

'Yeshltn's handiwork in my mouth. going T

mm€~

 

have to bury their personalities in their
"writing. while most other writers “spill their
guts" on paper. Writing music has given
me a chance in do both lltope to write In
the iuture. and as a matter oi lact. I'll be
lreelantlng this summer lot a small paper
down where | live I iotn there. who
knows?

Well here we arc Irrarr'i believe the lour
years are gone I vetr as | write this. I ex
pect to be drop addlirg like crazy iii the lall.
Nope Actually, it's not over just yet. l5itr-rls
and May 22nd looiri large on the lttttlﬂttt. I
have enough sellvconlldence to realtte that
I'll get tlrrnuglr both oi them. Hell. I may
even enjoy them.

I'nr Irappy. I'm relieved. l'rrr hopelul l
Aloved this place. 'l'lrat's it. I J

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘ 5‘. Editnérésdl .

 

‘5

 

