 

t.-.

ﬂaw. .,. . . .

.._l .2»; 

x. .- m.....-..-_"‘~,

 

 

 W.“ ...-,.._:- ,_ ..

'2 it'LMNY‘STUDENT mass 1:1 "OCTOBER 14.1933

WORLDWIDE

 

 

El Salvador warned

San Salvador, El Salvador
(AP) Henry A. Kissinger warned Salvadoran
officials that human rights abuses must be
curbed if they want continued U.S. aid for
the war against leftist rebels.

With violence by rightist death squads in-
creasing. the former secretary of state told
political leaders Wednesday that Americans
must not be forced to “choose between
security and human rights" in deciding
whether the government deserved flrrther
support in the civil war.

Kissinger heads a bipartisan fact-ﬁnding
commission on a six-country tour of Central
America to make recommendations on U.S.
policy in the region.

“it is imperative to defend these principles
of democracy and human rights. to preserve
and expand them. And as the American peo-
pie cannot be asked to choose between the
two, the Salvadoran people mttst not be ask-
ed to make such a choice." he told reporters
after meeting with President Alvaro Maganrl
nrld other political leaders.

Reagan signs pact

Washington. DC.
(AP) The Vietnam-era War Powers Act has
been put into effect for the first time ever
with President Reagan's signattlrc on legisla-
tion authorizing U.S. Marines to stay in
Lebanon another IE months.
Reagan signed the compromise legislation
Wednesdnv following weeks of bargaining

 

 

between Congress and the White House.

The legislation marks the first time the
lO«year-old War Powers Act has been cited
to govern the warmaking powers of the presi-
dent.

Despite demands from Congress. Reagan
had refused to invoke the War Powers Act
when the Marines first came under fire Aug.
'29 in Beirut in ﬁghting that eventually killed
four Americans and wounded dozens more.

The law says U.S. forces involved in
hostilities must be brought home within 90
days unless Congress declares war or allows
them to remain. In a statement. Reagan
argued that “isolated or infrequent acts of
violence" do not necessarily constitute
llostiiities. even if there are casualties.

Moslems storm Trlpoll

Beirut, Lebanon
(AP) Hooded Moslem militiamen stormed
and burned Communist Party strongholds in
Tripoli Thursday on the third day of street
battles that have killed 60 people in
Lebanon‘s second largest city. police said.

The lighting raged as representatives of
President Amin Gemayel and the nation's
top Moslem and Christian leaders met behind
closed doors in Beirut to draw up an agenda
for a “national reconciliation conference"
next Thursday.

ltrtlian peacekeeping troops and armored
cars ringed the lO-story Health Ministry
building on the "green line“ that divides
Beirut into Moslem alld Christian sectors as
tllc preparatory committee convened at mid-
day.

All approaches to the lllcctirlg site were
sealed off by italiarl soldiers. who allowed ill
only committee members and journalists.
Even bodyguards of the participants were
kept otlt.

 

 

4 Seoul. South Korea
(AP) More than a milion mourners attended
funeral services in a vast plaza Thursday for
17 South Korean officials killed in the Burma
terror bombing.

South Korean Prime Minister Kim Sang-
hyup eulogized the victims. including four
Cabinet ministers. as “proud pillars of this
country" and laid the blame for their deaths
'on North Korea.

"This cursed tragedy cannot be the real in-
tention of heaven." the prime minister said.
“incredibly. this heinous atrocity. . .was
perpetrated by the North Korea Com-
.munists. who are of tile same blood as we."

President Chtln Doo-hwan. who escaped
the bombing in Burma by a few minutes. did
not attend the funeral. Government sources
indicated he felt his presence might itavc
drawn attention away from the services.

NATIONWIDE
B 11,.IJE] '

Soviet kids fear war

      

 

   

Currllrrirlge. Massachusetts
(AP) Soviet cllildren have the stone nuclear
nightmares as their American counterparts.
_but they have greater fears that they won‘t
survive on atorllic war. according to a study
by tilrcc psychiatrists.

Results of the study. to he announced
Thursday in New York. also indicate that
Soviet youngsters are rrtucll rltorc optimistic
than American children that nuclear war will
not happen. said Dr. [Eric Chivian of liar-

 

vard University. who headed tllc project.

American tccrl-rlgcrs. however. question
authority rllore oftell and blame adults for
bringing the world to the brink of nuclear
disaster. he said.

The project. sponsored by international
Physicians for the Prevention of Nuclear
War. illtcrvicwcd 50 Sovict youths on
videotape and 300 others by written qucstiotl-
nairc, and all unspecified lltllllbcr of U.S.

children. The Soviet ciliidrcn wcrc note

selected by tile government.

Charges dismissed

Lot A uncles. Cull/ornirt
(AP) A state appcllalc court dismissed
llltlrdcr charges against two doctors. ruling
that food and water — likc rrrcdicirle and

mechanical life support — may be withheld

from brain-dead patients.

“This is a strong. landmark decision."
dcfcllsc attorney Harland llrrlltn said after
the court iliocked murder and conspiracy
charges against Drs. Robert chdl alld Neil
Barber. .

“No one previously has ever cortrc out and
said that removing food and water is tltc
same as rcrltovirlg otllcr medication," liraun
said. “it's always been a myth that that's like
starving pcoplc to death."

California law permits brain-dead or ter-
minally ill patients to bc rclllovcd frolll
mechanical lit‘c‘support systctlts but docs rlot
address lllc issue of cutting off food \lllltl
water.

Cheney considered

il’tl.\'ltirlgtml. I). C.

(AP) President Reagan's political advisers

are sounding out Rep. Richard Cllcrlcy.

R-Wyo.. about becoming the new interior
secretary. Republican sources say.

('hcncy refused to corltrrlcllt oll the report

“Korean vlctlms b'urled

Wednesday. saying "There is nothing i can
say at this time."

Cheney's name began circulating as a
possible replacement for James Watt. who
resigned Sunday. as former Sen. Clifford
Hansenn another Wyoming Republican. said
he did not want to be considered.

Cheney was chief ofthe Wltite House staff
under President Ford.

STATEWIDE

   
 

Mondale endorsed

New York

; (AP) Gov. Mario Cttorno and Sen. Daniel P.
' Moynihan Thursday endorsed former Vice

President Walter F. Mondale for president.
saying he Itas always been true to "the prin-
ciples that make us Democrats."

Mondale, beaming. said he considered the
endorsement "a very important argument ill
my behalf." New York will bring 285
‘ ' the second largest grottp. to tile
Democratic convention next year.

“We have decided that of all the call-
didates. Waitcr Molldttlc will make the best
presidcnt," they said.

Hospitals deficient

NI‘W York
(AP) The State Department of Health has
cited hospitals irl lluffulo, i-'ultotl anti otl
Long island as “deficient” for failing to
report irlcorltpctcllt or drug-addicted doctor's.

A dcprtrtnlcllt spokesman. Frances
Tarictoll. said it had not been decided
whether tllc hospitals will be filled. The ill-
stilutiolls involved are University Hospital on
tile campus of tile State University ill Stolly
lirook; Millard l‘ilitnorc ill iiuffrtlo. and A.l.
Lee Memorial lll Fulton.

State officials said tllc citations are part of
a state-wide crackdown on misconduct by
tloctors. They said it is not olliy insufﬁcient.
btlt unlawful. fora hospital to dismiss it doc-
tor or curtail his hospital privileges because
of inconlpctcllcc or drug impairment without
rcportitlg the action immediately to the slate
Office of Professional Medical Misconduct.

'l‘ltc citation against lllc Stony lirook
hospital was based on failure to report tllc
dismissal on Aug. lo. I982. of Dr. Mitchell
Stewart Origin. a JS-ycar-old
anesthesiologist. Tllc state cltttrgcs that after
he left Stony lirook. Fagin jolrlcd tllc
anestllcsiology department at St.
l..uke's-Rooscvcll Hospital in Manhattan.
alld on Oct. 5. l982. almost caused the death
of a surgical patient.

Fugin’s dismissal after that incident was
reported to the state. bttt the following
rltorllll he was hired by St. John‘s in Queens
to work irl its emergency room. witllotrt a
chick on his credentials with the appropriate
medical conlnlittcc.

‘mm‘rnm‘u-NWW

 

 

Correction

Correction: l)th ttl allllliguous wording ill
hudch cht and it SASU release. it Wits ill-
col‘rcctly reporch ill thc()ct. ll issuc ot'tllc
.riSI’ that tile SUNY Trustcc‘s 1984-85
budget request contained a proposal for
Hot) position cuts. The lliiiiculs. however.
ill'L‘ included ill the 1983-84 budch illltl
SUNY financial plan which was signed irllo
law it] February. 'l'hcsc cuts \vlll norrcthclcss
cffcct lltc dcvcloprllcrlt of this year‘s
budget. We regret tllc crror.

 

 

 

PREVIEW OF EVENTS

 

21145741087. I
student Anoelatlon will hold a

the SA office.

 

 .N  

The SUNYA Pro-Law Association SUNYA Professor Al Higgins will zlonlam/antl-aemltlsm being taught
presents the Fifth Annual discuss "Debunking Pretensa: Us-
SUNYIAtbany Law School Falr. It Ina Sociology to Strip Away more Information call Steven at free.
will be held In the Campus Center Facadea." The lecture. one of a 489-5750 or Gadv at 455-6839,

Ballroom on Saturday. Oct. 151mm series entitled. "Celebratlna

10-12230 and 1:30-4 p.rn. For further Sociology" will take place on Tuea- Th, omc. m
information call Richard Golubow day. Oct. 18in Campus Centaraaﬂ 9mm. will hold an Informative Monday, Oct. 31 The student in-

auranca which costs $111.00 per

year Ia available tordependont and Central Council. the legislative
major medical coverage. For more branch of Student Association,
Information call Douglas Bauer at meets ovary Wednesday at 7:30
tlcipants will be present to share 459-1850 or stop by the Infirmary, p.rn. In Campus Center 875. All are
their oxperlonr s. y

at 5 pm. Admission Is free.

special interest meeting to discuss "Waierahlp Down". an animated
the development of Camp Dippiklll liim. wlit be shown In Campus
on Monday. Oct. 17 at 7:80 p.rrl. tn Center 224 on Tuesday. Oct. 18 at
11:30 am. Admission if! true.

Ravislonlel Zionist Alternative of
Albany wIII Joln TAGAR Zlonlal Ac-
tivists from across New York State

Monday, Oct. 17. to protest SUNY’s

at SUNY‘s Stony Brook campus. For

International Pro

meeting on iueeday. Oct. 18 at 1
p.rn. in Humanities 290 to discuss
the SUNY/\ .I My abroad program
In Wurzburg, Germany. Former par-

The Student Health Insurance Plarl Registration". on Monday. Oct. 17
deadline has been extended until til 7 limb in LC 3.

Room 101.

The Anthropology Club will present "Fiddler on the Root" a film spon-
rs‘lzazmr“ :ndsvmd Foréunaéa Eagle sored by International Film Group
9 nos ay. at. 19 at will be shown on Saturda .
at SUNY Central Plaza in Albany on 3 ﬁlm. In the campus Center at 7 and 10 p.rn. In LC 1 Alirﬁgtstcir?
a room. Nordwali. a Chippewa In- Is .

policy of supporting antl- dlan artist will be speaking about wittfdutilvnh tax card and $150
American Indian civil rights and

other related Issues. Admission ls Student Affairs Division will epon»

car a lecture entitled "Academic
Advisement In Preparation for Pre~

welcome. 1

 

 

 

 

OCTOBER [4. 1983 D ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 3

Women’s safety sought with rally and march

 

By Sheliah R. Sable

in an action that symbolizes the one time
that women will be able to walk the streets
alone at night. women will march together

 

.through Washington Park on Saturday. Oc-

tober Is as a part of a “Take Back the
Night" march arld rally.

The rally. which will begin at 7:00 p.rn. at
the East Capitol Park. will he followed by a
tllrec rrlilc march front the Crlpitol building
stcos. west orl State Street. through
Washirrgtorl Park. arld tlrcrl back toward the
Capitol.

Mcrt will rlot be perrrlittcd to march.
although they will be permitted to participate
in tltc rally. chra Dettor. a member of the
Albany County Rape Crisis Cclltcr. explain-
cd. “if a man shows up to take part in the
march. we will ask him to please respect our
rigilts to nlarcll alone.” The rncrt who want
to participate will ltavc to be satisfied to par-
ticipate ill the rally only. while the women
walk in protest of violence against females.

There will. however. be rnttle rllcnlbcrs of
the Eleanor Roosevelt Democratic Club. who
have been risked to hand out pamphlets. but-
tons and sell T-shirts. Dettor said. Also. the
men will be taking care of the children. as the
sponsors have provided this service for the
women who can rlot or do not want to leave
their children at home. Dettor added.

lleforc the march. several women will

ings Attorney Nancy Bunting. former Direc-
tor of the N.Y. State Commission on
Domestic Violence Carla DiGiroiomo. poet
Orle Thyia. and Pat Donovan, a former first
investigator for the Albany County District
Attorney sex offense unit.

After tltc three mile marclt. Judith Condo.
rile Director of the Albany County Rape
Crisis Center. and N.C.A.S.A. Region I
Representative. will make some closing
statements on this symbolic women's march
and the effects that they hope to have on the
community. A-self defense demonstration
and workshop will also be prescntcd at the
close of the rally and march. followed by a
discussion on safety procedures for walking
in the city at night and defense techniques
that could be used in case of an attack.

Similar marclles will take place on October
I5. at 7:00 p.rn. irl Hudson. N.Y. arld Oe-
tober I4 at 7:00 p.rn. ill Pittsfieid.
Massachusetts.

The crisis centers involved hope that these

protests will educate men arld women who '

would like to learn more about rape rtrrd its
effects on victims. families. and society. and
aid in reducing the irlcidcrlcc of rape tllld
violence against women in our society.

Tltc rally and rnarcll are bcirlg sponsored
by the Albany County Rape Crisis Center,
along with Rape Crisis Centers frolll
Saratoga, Utica. Schenectady. and

 

speak from the Capitol building steps. Art in- Rerrsselacr.
The Albany Rape Crisis Center is located

tcrpreter for the deaf will be present.

Women at the 1982 “Take Back the Night" rally

it’ll/king in protest of violence against ft'rrlttlttl‘.

The list of speakers irlcludcs Saratoga Spr- il1rt)0111640.tll 112 State St. ill Albany. l i

Recent audit leads to energy savings at SUN YA

 

liy Amy Welner

'l'wo SUNYA scientists recently conducted a statewide
audit of cllcrgy tlsc ill public buildings. and have made
rccornrllclldatiolls for more economical cllcrgy use. accor—
ding to a University News liurcau Press release.

Ronald Stew art and Donald L. Mc(‘lcrlullan_ of
SUNYA's Atmospheric Scictlccs Research Center ilavc just
completed 5.000 statewide cncrgy audits tlrldcr a $I.5
million contract with the State Energy office. according to
tile press release.

The audits were dottc by the two along with specially
trained students from llillc community colleges ill the state
ill schools. hospitals and govcrrllllcllt buildings across tllc
state. the release explained. .

The conservation methods suggested by Stewart and Mc—
(Tlerlahrm "have all becrl or are ill the process of ltclllg inl-
plcmcntcd at SUNYA." according to tile Director of
Physical Plant Dcrlnis Stcvcrts. Tltcsc rcconllllcndtttions ill-
clllde the installation of automatic setback devices orl lllc
thermostats to adjust botll sttrnlllcr and winter room
temperatures.

When the buildings are unoccupied, Stewart explained
that a computerized system “will set back the thermostat to
tile proper temperature for tile proper length of tirllc. and
they are so inexpensive they will save in energy what they
cost within a year."

Another rcconlrrlcndatiorl by the two rescachcrs to cort—
scrvc energy is tllc repairing. instead of replacing, broken
or cracked windows. “We have replaced 2,000 windows in
tile last tllrcc to fotlr y ‘ “ said Stevens.

     

\\\\\\\

 

Additional caulking and wettlhcl‘stripping of the dorms
will be illcittdcd ill llcxt year's modiﬁcations. Stevens udd-
cd. Caulking of tile podinrll dcck has bcctl duttc ovcr lllc
past five years to keep water otlt and heat ill. be noted.

Stevens said the “major cfforts for modification is ill the
primary heating system." lie added that efficiency irl
boilers and air cxchrulgc units is also important. “Relamp-
irlg the library with tluoresccnt bulbs. which are much lllorc
crlcrgy efficient. is ullotllcr step toward llcltcr cllcrgy con«
scrvation." Stevens noted. More light switches have been
uddcd for “fincr control" of cllcrgy usc oll tllc campus. ilc
said.

According to Stevens tllcsc and other modifications came
as a result of energy audits at SUNYA ill the lrlst several
years. What has to be understood. botll Stewart and
Stevens strcsscd,is that while consumption has dccrcascd.
there is still an increase in cost.

Slcvcns said in all ()ctobcr |) article itl thc 'l'l'tncx Union
that “energy conservation over tile last cigllt years has
achieved a utility cost savings of $9 million." The article
stated that the “four main boilers uptown can generate 280
million B’l‘U's (British (hernia—units) of energy per hour.
which translates as roughly 2.0” gallons of oil an hour."

Stevens says tllc physical plant is pllttirlg a budget request
ill for tiglltcr temperature controls ill the dormitories. it
will be "a $3 lllilliorl project phased over 2 or 3 years.” he
said.

A major acconlplisltnlcnl by the physical plant. said
Stevens. was tllc installation of meters irl cacll building.
This makes it possible to see ltow lltucll energy is being used
in each building. Ire said. Stevens said that this will he

   

 

llclpftll ill his plalls for "incentive programs." lie explain-
cd “incentive programs" as a contest between quads of
who call use less energy. This is all part of what Stevens
culls “attitudinal changes" tllc Physical Plant is attempting
to undertake. "Students must be made to rctllirc that every
little bit helps and it really does add up when there are
20,000 students involved."

Last year SUNYA was the recipient t)t‘$ti0.000 in energy
grants frorll state and federal crlcrgy office Stevens said.
He added that these will he ttscd for rllodificatiolls in tile
llcatirlg artd ventilation of the library. which is a large
energy uscr.

Over the past ten years many steps have been taken at
SUNYA for energy conservation. and there are still pro-
jects ill progress and more changes ill tltc ftlttlrc. Stevens
concluded. III

 

 

 

x\\\

V...

WARREN STOUT UPS

SUNYA scientists Donald McClenahan and Ronald Stewart

A "finer control" of energy use on campus is Sought.

State conference
aims at consumer
awareness of fraud

By Jerry Campione
SI'AII It'll/IER

 

 

On this Tuesday. October Iii. the Consumer Frauds
and Protection liurcau of the New York State Attorucy
(icncrtli's office will present a Consumer Awareness Cort-
fcrcrlcc at tile Empire State Plaza.

The Conference. rt two-day event (Oct. Iii-I9). will

feature addrcsscs by several llotcd authorities and
workshops with qualilicd consumer expcrts.
‘ 'l'llis third-annual conference is opcll to tile gcrlcrai
pltbiic and. although prc-rcgistration was advised.
"‘cveryonc will bc welcome." according to Bob Bucllllcr.
'Assistarrl Attorllcy (icllcral for tile State of New York.

The rrlost important aspect of tile corlfcrerlcc. accor-
ditlg to Rick ()strock. a legal aide at the Attorney
(icncr‘al’s office. will be to n ..ke sure people “learn your
consumer rights."

We‘ve been doing this type of Illillg bccnusc we strongly
believe in consumer education.“ said llucilrlcr. “Corr
sumcr education is a prcvclltivc thing," ilc stlttcd. adding
that. “if the corlsunlcr is aware. he can |)l‘t.'\'L'lll himself
from getting ripped off."

According to liuchncr, this year's collfcrcncc has bccrl
“particularly geared for students" altd will feature
workshops on such topics as auto ownership. landlord-
tenant rights and credit and loans which. iiuchrlcr said,
"are especially interesting to students."

The workshops. which will be presented in both morn-
ing and afternoon sessions on Tuesday. will also include
topics such as food and drugs. mail- order fraud. utilitcs.
changes ill the tcicpllotle industry and consumer redress.
as well as an update on consumer-oriented legislation.

Tuesday's schedule starts at 8:30 a.m. with registration.

l5?

 

 

 

 

