 
  

   

 

  
 
   

  
 
 



MA Y 6. I983

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By Marc Sehwarz
SPOR IS EDITOR

 

Every sports season is like a ride at an
amusement park. It goes up. it falls down. it
hits curves and goes tlrrotrgir tunnels. but
after it‘s ’all over there is always one special
part of it that is remembered. For any team.
looking back on a season consists of focusing
on tltat one thing that made that year special.
As the specifics of the whole season become
blurry, something remains crystal clear. that
element that represents the teanr and their
season.

As those atltletcs who competed for
Ailtarry State Great Dane teams this past year
reflect on their seasons. they will rectril that
game or match that sums up wlrrtt beitrg a
Great Dtttte was all about.

A 25 second span on October 9 will be
forever etcltcd iii the minds of tltosc who
played for Coaclt Ilob l-‘ord's football team.
The jubilation of tilt apparent winning
touchdown by ltailback John Dutthatn turnv
ed into lettrs of disbelief as Southern Connec-
ticut's Steve Corrrpitello took the ball attd a
possible number one rtatiortal rartkitrg for
Albany ittto the ertd zone. giving the Owls a
l6-l] victory on University Field in one of
the must drarrratic finishes witncs. d here
since the football program begart nine years
ago.

The football teattt finished the scasott with
a 6-3 record despite injuries to Ali-American
.litrt (,‘anl‘icld and qttarterback Torn Pratt

The men's basketball team will have two
memories of the season. one pleasant. one
disappointing. The Danes rolled. winning
eigltt of their first nine games. but the one
that stands ortt is the title game of the Ithaca
Invitational Tournament In early December.
Senior co~crtptain Mike Gatto led the teatrr itt
their finest perfortnance of the season by
scoring 25 points and being named the MVP.
That high was not to be matched all year. As
the Danes stumbled through the second Italf
of the season. the hope and expectations of
the beginning of the season dissolved into a
bitter loss at the SUNYACs in the opening
round to Buffalo State. As the rest of the
team watched, John Dieckelman led the team
throughout the year with another banner
season. typified by the score in the Buff.
State game early in the first half: Buffalo
State 15. John Dieckelman I3.

The women's softball team had won the
State Championship in 1982 but still had a
goal that eluded them last year. Coach Lee
Rhenisb‘s teatn captured the Albany Invita-
tional this year by sweeping three games in
one day just a few weeks ago. More titan put-
ting numbers in the win column. the pride of
this team showed.

Under Coach Joe DeMeo. the wrestling
team has become one of the best in the nation
at the Division III level. They finished sixth
this year at tltc NCAAs, and forrr wrestlers
achcived All-American honors. But the shin.
ing moment for this teattr ocettrrcd on a
December night itt Uttiversity Gym. Before a
large tttrd vocal crowd. the Danes defeated
Division l attd bitter rival lloston University
when senior Vic Herman defeated Dave
Koplovitl. in the final match. Koplovit/
otrtwcigltcd Herman by (it) pounds.

The women‘s basketball learn ltad a goal.
Rookie coach Mari Warner longed to capttrre
the Capital District 'I'ournamcut. a torrrncy
that art Albatty tcarrr has never won. Slrc
molded her young players into a tcartr that
ran up :t 144’» record. a vast irrrpt'ovcnreut
over last year's ll-l] tttark. Their rtttrtrtctrt of
glory happened iii the College of Saint Rose
(iymtrasiunr. Albatty won the tourtratttctrt by
soundly defeating R.l’.|. itt the finals.

The men‘s soccer teattt suffered through it
hard-fought bttt disuppoiutirtg season. Coach
lllll Scitieffclin was handed his first losing
season. The learn was so close to the top bttt
was jtrst unable to trtake it over that lrtrrnp
that separates the .' 'ful teams frotrt the
ones that cart only sit back and think about
what might have been. Perhaps it was the
ﬁnal game against a scrappy North Adams

‘5
n

 

team that will be remembered: The Danes-

took the early lead, only to fall behind,
before their determination showed as they
tied the game and sent it into overtime. But
the team came up short again. just as it had
most of the season. as North Adams scored
in overtime to win the game.

The lacrosse team ltas come into its own
this year tinder Head Coach Mike Motta. A
snowy day in April will bring a smile to every
tearrr member's face. The Danes defeated
defending SUNYAC champion Geneseo.
7-6. Albany is just a win away from achieving
their best record ever.

The. baseball team will look back at the
Spring I983 season artd will rementbcr the
weather as their toughest opponent. The
Danes rttattuged to get one ltorrre
doubleheader itr before the season was out.
Last Tuesday‘s gtrrrtc at Illcecker Stadium
against Union best portrays the troubles the
Danes iravc had this year. The gantc was
delayed for an hour because a rrrtck rrteet was
being rtttr. Tire first inning was constantly in-
terrttptcd by runners itt rite final races of that
track meet racing thrungir the outfield. After
the game finally got underway. it was cut
sltort because of raitt.

The women's volleyball team spiked their
way to another successful season. corttpilirtg
a 35-6 record. However they fell short itt their
quest for a state title as they lost to Nazareth
itt the finals of the clratrtpionsitlp. Tltat loss
was ‘ the first the tcatrr incurred in the
prestigious tournament. consisting of lo
teatrrs.

The gymnastics team ttrrdcr the tutelege of
Pat Dnval-Spillane had one of their finest
seasons. They won their first six rnatcltes and
earned some of the lrigltcst scores in the
teams history. including the ltigltcst in a loss
to llrockport.

After a frustrating fall season ttrrdcr new
ltcad coach .lirtt Serbaiik. the women's tennis
learn bottrtccd back to have a fine spring. Led
by Debbie Leffe and Joart Phillips. Albany
ltas made great strides itr restoring the winn-
ing tradition of former coach. Peggy Mann.

The men's tenttis team captured the
SUNYAC crown in the fall for the fourth
cotrsccutive year. Led by four seniors. Barry
Levine. Fred Gaber. Larry Eiclretr and Dave
Lerner. Albany has continued its success this
spring. Coach Bob Lewis' team defeated Col-
gate for the first time in five years to make
their final record Il-3 this season.

Once again Bob Munsey and the Albany
track learn enjoyed successful seasons. The
cross-country season saw Bruce Shapiro
qualify for the nationals. The indoor team
captured third place at the SUNYACS. The
relay and sprint teams turned in fine perfor-
rnatrces for Albany. In the recently cont-
pletcd outdoor regular season. the Danes
corrtpilcd a tttark of 7-1. tttrtting irt impressive
wins arid breaking school records along the
way.

The women‘s track tctrtrr faced up to
challenges all year long. The barriers took
fourth place at tlte NYAIAW cross cotrrttry
championships. The Albany teatn struggled
tltrottglr a rottglr indoor season. including a
disappointing finish itr tltc Eastern rcgiotr
Championships. lint lit the otttdoor season
they have shown that they are a teattt to be
reckoned with. They fittislted fifth itt the
Cortland invitational attd several school and
personal records were set iii the proc .

A yorrtrg atrd inexperienced women’s soc-
cer learn compiled a winning record and has
Coach Arrry Kidder looking eagerly to tire
future. There were rrratty bright spots for this
tcarrr. but they just sectrred to be it year away.

The men‘s rttrd women's swimming and
divittg teams were coached by fortrtcr Albany
star .loc Shore. The trrcrt finished seventh itt
the SUNYACs and set new school records
throughout the season. The wottrcn swam
courpetitively attd were sparked by their relay
teams which set new records.

The Albarty year in sports is a diversified
look at success artd disappointment. of
achieving artd yearning. The effort put irt by
those who compete more than equals the
wins or losses that, show up in the
scoreboolc. r [:1

 

  
   
  
  
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
    
  
 
 
    
  
  
   
  
 
 
   
  
 
  
   
   
  
 
   
    
  
   
    
    
   
   
  
  
  
 
   
  
 
   
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
   
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
   
  
 
 
  
  
 
   
   

 

  

 

 

VOL UME LXX

PUBLISHED AT THE STA TE UNIVERSITY OF NEW YORK AT ALBANY BY THE ALBANY STUDENT PRESS CORPORATION

tbeAlbany Student Press

SUMMER, JUNE 27, [983

NUMBER 25

 

 

 

By Wayne Peereboom
( UA‘IRIIIUIINU l:Dl1()R

New directions seen as Whalen settles into post

 

 

Few would doubt that there will be sortie changes in the
city of Albany following the death of Erastus Corning Ii.

News
Analysis

County Detuocratie party —— a position he assumed follow-
ing the death of party boss Daniel O‘Connell. The
Democratic party has controlled Albany since the 19205.
Elected to his eleventh consecutive term in I98I. Corning
died on May 28. Suffering from cronic bronchitis. em-
physema arid astlrnra. lie was admitted to Albany Medical
Center in Jutre 1982. The Mayor's condition gradually
worsened artd he was rrartst‘crcd to the ttatiotrally known
respiratory program at University Hospital itr lIostott. He
was hospitali/ed for nearly a year when a heart attack took

who served as mayor for 42 years.

The longest tcnttred mayor lit the coun-
try. Corning ran the last of the country‘s
urban political machines. Corning also
served a dtrei role as chair of the Albany

his life at the age of 7].

(.‘ornitrg's handpicked successor is 'l‘ltorrtas M. \Vlralctt
Iii who served a year as Cotrtrrtott Cottttcil President. A
graduate of Albany Law School. Wltalcrt was practicing itr
a local law firm before lte becattre mayor. His only other
governmental experience was as a city court jtrdgc in the

-ar ly 70‘s.

('ornitrg was known to reserve all decisions -~- large and
small 7— to hirnsell. Whalen has indicated lrc wants to
among city of-
ficials and department heads ~ A a policy takctt by Corttirtg
at the very end wltcrt be instructed department heads to

 

disperse rrrotc ot' the decision making powc

cottte to hit" with solutions. not problems.

It has been alleged that Corttittg refused federal urban
development monies because lte did not want to give up tltc
cotttrol he would lose by accepting the aid. eraletr.
however. said "I have no apprehensions about taking
federal money. If it cart itttprovc the city. i'm all for it." A
key project for Whalen is tltc revitalization of downtoth
Alhatty. “Revitali/atiorr is very itrrportartl iii the sense that
we create a healthy business environment." lte said.

Another change seems to be cotrrittg itr city spending
practices. During (‘orniug‘s cottvalcsccncc. when Albarty
was being run by a small “kitchen cabinet" ofcity officials.
dubious garbage-ltauling contracts were cancelled and city
workers were giytu jobs previoust assigned to private

firms.

Most rccetttly. city insurance policies
rltrouglt a firttr partly owned by Corning
under scrutiny.

One of (‘orrring‘s best known characteristics was his will-
iugttess to deal with common people. No problem was said
to be too small for hint. It was said that tltc door to his of-
fice was always opctt. \\’ha|cn said irc wants to cotttitrtte this
uttd students. enough.

()n the subject of student ol‘f»cttrnptrs housing. Whalen
said. “it would be ideal if students all could he on-crttrtpus.
IIttt they can't and some don't want to be. We will tll\\i|)’s
have problems with landlords that are trying to house the
student population.“ Whalen said the city does not have
tltc capacity to go ottt and look for housing code \ iolrttiotts.

practice for depurtrrtertt heads. citilctrs . . .

There may be some students who will want to talk to
Whalen. While he considers Alharry to heart “educational
center.“ and wants to maintain good rciatiotrs with the col—
lege communities. Whalen said ltc disagrees with the federal
"ion which allowed Albany students to vote itt
their college communities. Part of reason for his attitude

 

cottrt dec

- ltave cotrtc

 

    

CAPITAL NEWSPAPER:

 

 

Above: Albany City Hall. Inset: Mayor Thomas Whalenﬂlll.’ 7 _

 
 

 

purchased

may be found irr his statement. “I consider tltcttr (students)
to be temporary residents. Iiistory has shown most don't
stay lIL'I'L'. They‘re just passing through.“ eralctt said his
own children itt college vote by absentee ballot.

While Whalen said lie would abide by the federal order.
his attitude toward student voting rights may manifest irscll
in other ways. Rcccttlly. SUNYA students Ict.ttcle'tl
another polling place on campus in addition to the two cur-
rctrt locations. Ilowcrct. r gistered voters on Colonial and
half oi |)rrtclr ()rtatl still vole off-campus at St. Margaret-
.\lar'y's. (her i.5lltl \otcts are assigned to that location. :rc-
cordinI to SA. l’rcsidcrtt Rich Scltai'l'cr. 'l‘ltc lcgtrl littrit.
Scltrrller said. is 1.0le. Nevertheless. \Vltalcrr is agaitwr the
toting booth inn said he has tirade no final decision. “lion
far do we do we go to rtccotuotlrttc tltcttr lstndcntst'l"
Whalen asked. He said he felt the two prcscnt sites are

"It would he ideal if all .rturletrls could be on cunt/tits. "

LAURA BOSYICK UPS

 

llt)\\t.'\L'l'. he did promise. “if uttyotre brings them (viola‘
tiorrs) to our attention. we'll take care of them."

Students lrad a confrontation with Wltalett over the Off-
Campus Association's party at Washington Park itr early
May. Not knowing that students ltad alrcatly obtained a
pcturit and feeling that there was not adequate security.
then ('otntttortt‘otrncil President Whalen cancelled the
c\ctrt. llowerer. the students ittvolvcd went to court and
obtained rt temporary restraining order. The party went on
as scheduled.

\\ Italcrt said he would not object to the merit trcu year
pror irled there is adequate security plarr and the city is reim-
bursed for c\tta police. When Whalen proposed extra
police lot this _\i.'rrr 's crcnt. S A. President Scltrrll'cr told rltc
.rlSl’ " The problem with tltts Is that we will be paying dou-

ltlc time tot Albany police when we can pro\itlc for tire

\cr‘trtity ourselves."

iltcrc ltrt\c been problems with Washington Park crcrtts
itr ycttclrtl. Whalen \itltl. due to complaints ftorrr residents
on rrcrehbotitrg \\’rllctl and Slate streets. Whalen said he
would try to schedule trtorc of the meals for i incolu l’ark
itt or dcr to acconrodrttc the rcsidcttts.

Students in University Cinema theft sentenced

JIM VALENTINO UPS
Former_ginema Erector Braddock.
need for tighter controls.

 

    

 

The last two of tire sl‘t SUNY Albany
stttdents arrested for stealing $3500 frotn
University Cittctrra were released frqu
Alltarty Cotrnty .lail on .ltrttc 23. after serving
I5 days each.

Tire students. Michael Krome arid Rise
Shaw. wcrc atttottg six members of the Stit-
dent Associatiou affiliated with University
Cinema Executive lloard who pleaded gtrilty
to charges of petty larceny itr Albany Cotrrrty
Court on Thursday.

Jrrdgc Joseph I'lrrrris scutcncedKrorue and
Shaw to IS days each. and released tlrertr with
credit for rittte served. Tlrey were also
sentenced to tltrcc years probation. arid fined
$l00l) each. as well as having to rcturtt the
stolen fttttds.

The charge of petty larceny. a misde-
mcanor. was reduced from grand larceny. a
class D felony. According to Chief Assistant
District Attorney for Albany County Daniel

. S. Dwyer. the reductiort itt charges occtrred

because. “under the Crirnittal Justice system.

we're ttol blind to tire objective facts: tltcy
were students who had no prior records. and
i don't think they‘ll be involved irr otrr
Criminal Justice system again."

Dwycr said the students were given a relief

of Certificate of Disability. which means that
their crirrtittal rccord will not void arty rights.
such as voting or obtaining licences.

The other four students. Michael Abncri.
William Iiraddock. .iay l.ustgartett. arid
Agostitto Ribiero. were sentenced to identical
terms by Judge According to SA
Comptroller Adunt Itarsky. only lustgartett
has returned the ntottcy Ire stole to SA.

The students‘ academic standing. ltowcver.
is still irt dottbt. Dean of Studcrtt Affairs Neil
llrown said that tltc students had asked fora
postponement of of their hearing before the
cotttrnitlec on Srtrdcttt Conduct. Until a deci-
sion is tnade. all of their records are on ltold.
atrd Brown said the seniors. Braddock.
Kromc. Lustgttrtcn and Shaw. would ttot
receive their diplomas pending a decisiott.

According to SA officials. the Urtiversity
(.‘inetna scant indicated a rtced to tighten corr-
trol over SA groups. especially those that

 

.r

ltattdlc large sums of tttottcy. SA President
Rich Schaflcr said one measure SA has taken
is to bottd the executive tuctubcrs of larger
groups irtvolvcd witlt ticket sales. such as the
Cinema, Urtiversity Cortccrt Board, and
Speakers Forum.

In addition. said Scltaffcr. “we have bcctt
discussing tltc possibility of buying an
automatic ticket machine. witcrc numbers
can be recorded for use at larger events."

Scltal'fcr also said SA hopes to rccciic ad-
vice front independent auditors itt .ltrly about
bettcr bookkeeping practices. including
specifics which all groups cart follow more
uniformly.

Schaffcr said ltc feels that the six former
cvccutivcs ltavc gone tlrrottglr enough. He
said ire would fee “a little upset if the fotrr
seniors were dcttied their diplomas. This ltad
rtotlrittg to do with their four years here, atrd
they Irave received their ptttrislrntent tlrrotrglt
the County Judicial System."

The probletrr with otrr Judicial System.“
said Schal'fer. “is that it ruins you for
life." i l

~..-...-W..;...‘ .

 
   

 

 

