 

‘.
.
t

5. ....c,__. .__:...<

 

 

 

 

INC.
(NYPIRG)

IN THE NYPIRG OFFICE UNTIL
WEDNESDAY MARCH 15, AT 5:00 p.m.

 

THE NEW Yams
PUBLIC INTEREST
RESEARCH GROUP

will be holding elections
for one position on the
state board of directors

0N THURSDAY MARCH 17
IN THE CAMPUS CENTER LOBBY
FROM 10:00 3.111. - 3:00 p.m.

NOMINATIONS ARE BEING ACCEPTED

  

COB Presents
[momma F011 35

You Can Win The
‘ Ultimate Trip

  

      

Thursday March 10th 9-12
in Colonial U-Lounge

 

Other Prizes From

 

Bella's

Albany CampusPizza

 

Domino's
Stuyvesant Liquors
Beefsteak’s
Sutter's

T.P.-john's Incorp.
Barnes Er Noble
4 UAS

 

 

Fantasies

Record Co-op
RAT

Sub Shop

Coco's

Burger King

UCB

University Cinema

Hellman's Theater

 

 

 

 

Admission $3.00

', J

EXTRA-SPECIAL DRINK SPECIALS

 
 
   

Dutch in Association with Streetlife Presents 

A Tribute totI-Iall & Oates
a
Lie FAT CAT

This Sunday Ilite, March I3

FR ,

326 Central Ave (at Quail)

Just cut out ticket

for your chance to win
The Grand Prize. . .

 

 

Name:

 

Address:

 

Telephone:

 

Fill out and bring Sunday Night (H&A)

886l 'Sl LPan

 

4 tickets and

chauffered Limousine

to Hall & Oates concert
at Glens Falls Givie center

Drawing at Midnight

 

 

 

 

Students wait
night and day
to obtain Joe

Jackson seats

By Caryn Mlske

The line in the Campus Center started for—
ming at about 6 p.m. last Tueday. to hours
before tickets to the UCB/WCDB Joe
Jackson concert were scheduled to go on
sale. By Wednesday night, L600 tickets to
the March 21 performance at Albany's
Palace Theater had been purchased.

Despite the fact that tickets were made
available only to SUNYA students for the
first two days of their release, numerous
students have complained about the distribu-
tion of tickets for the immensely popular
concert. According to Karen Fisher of UCB's
ticket committee, this measure was imposed
specifically to ensure that SUNYA students
would have the opportunity to buy tickets
(for SiO with a tax card) before they went on
sale to the general public for $12.50.

At midnight Tuesday, as the Campus
Center shut down. a list was started to ac-
count for all students present. These students
had to show up every hour on the hour for at-
tendance in order to keep their names on the
list. This method according to Fisher was us-
ed to guarantee that only those students who
really sacrificed and truly wanted to attend
tlte concert got the best tickets.

Although sorrre students returned to their
rooms, Fisher reported that many chose to
camp out irt and around the lecture center
area. Rick Mailttender. a student who opted
to say the night. described the wait: “Just
like in an emergency, all the people who
waited fclt joined together by a common tie.
There were people playing guitars and listen-
ing to radios to make the time pass more
quickly." Students on this first list were able
to ptrrclrasc their tickets at 9 a.m.. an hour
earlier tlralr the rest of the student body.

Although Mailaender said he thought the
system of ticket distribution was lair and well
worth the wait. many other student» cltatgcd
that the w hole lrtotqss was higltly rrrrorgani.‘-
cd.

 

 

(inc complaint concerned a -ccortd list
which began to t’rrculate abotrt .‘i am. Many
~tudr'trlr. on llrr~- |1.t ‘\k'lt.' nc‘.cr told to report
back prrrodicailr, rac‘. and. and had to wait
a cotrplc or hours without being able to leave.
[his made for a great deal ol annoyance

Eoram provides tips for inter

ll) Karen l’iroui
‘I lit lllr’lllll

international jobs are otrt there. brrt It. you
want one “ti irr'r apply lor an lr‘ilt'l'lltllltiiltll
rob. apply ll‘l ag/u/J. A person must make
lrrmsclt \aluar lc to a company and make his
llltclt‘\l kuo .n. then he may be sent
abroad." \tttti l'ttc lctrl'alt. a \rcc president
of Albany Interact. ttral, a tc\lilc company.

I‘cnlalt represented the businc‘»~ .er'tor as a
member ol the -.r\vrucrnbcr international
careers l'ormn cutitlcd. “Where the Jobs Are
and How to (Vict l'hem." Business. foreign
\cl‘\icc atrd \oltrntcct opportutrrties in inter-
national careers wcrc discussed lit the forum
held 'l'hursday by the International Studies
Council. as a part of World Week.

'I he for our was held in hopes of halting “a
utowirrg isolatiornxm on campuses" and to
Law “the importance of international
studies here and abroad," according to Dr.
Joseph F. Zacck, director of the council.

“it may take a little nrore to prepare for an
international job. It's better to have a par-
ticular technical skill to offer a firm than to
hope to drift into something. Almost every
international job has a domestic
component," said Dr. Eric Kocher. author
of the book. International Jobs: Where They
Are and How to Get Them. He stressed that
language arid political science majors are not
necessarily the key to landing an interna-
tional job. as myth would often have it,
Ecottornics degrees ltave great application to
many fields, he said. but experience in bank-
ing. finance and accounting are better. To
pass the grueling Foreign Service Exam you It
need to know just about everything, from
economics to culture, he said. Kocher cited

Joe '

w ' ' ' . h u i ' ' H ‘ ‘ hMARC‘I-l’df 1983 'ljfﬂrB/INY'STUDENTPRESS 5

 

’mts camper] outside Ihe Carri/ms Center Ir) get Iir'kels.

among the waiting crowd.

Students also commented that there were
too many loopholes in this first-come. first-
serve system of ticket sales. One student.
Dave Sherman. pointed out the unfairness of
this process: “Many students who were on
the top of the list bought tickets for students
who were not even on line. This was very
frustrating for those who were near the bot-
tom of the list. The system could have been
rtrade better if a limit of two tickets per tax
card was enforced."

It was also pointed out that the students at
the top of the has could buy good tickets in
cxccss and Ilrcrr scalp tircrrr. undermining the
purpose of the list system. As orrc student.
(iaty l'nrllich. said. “How often does lit'll
sponsor concerts \pccil'icially for SUNYA
\trrdcrrrx',’ Now that tilt: opportunity llttx
.rrrsr'n. tlrc minority rather than the maiorrl\
«.t‘ttlttrl tlrc thick."

According to l-‘ishcr. students were allow cd
to purchase a maximum of eight tickets. only

 

ED MARUSSICH UPS

Eric Tenialt

Alurlrelulrle skills. foreign 'IﬁﬁitTmI-T" “T

 

banks. business. government. and trotr profit
organi/ations as the rrrairr employers for irr-
rernattonal positions.

Tcnl'alt pointed otrt that companies don‘t
send people abroad unless that person's skills
are invaluable there. It's mnelr too expensive
otherwise. People are rarely hired directly in-
to international jobs. but rather get them on—
ly after proving themselves to the company.
Aside from a marketable technical skill, he
stressed the importance of the knowledge of
at least one foreign language. and an open
mind to cultural differences.

Dr. Robert Webb. former Director of Per-
sonnel at the United Nations, gave the
employment breakdown of the U.N.'s ap-
proximately 10,000 employees as follows: 35
percent economists. 20 percent language, 18
percent social scientists, 6 percent informa-
tion specialists. Only l.5 percent are political
scientists. although the U.N. is often thought

four of which could be irr the front rows.
"That way trrore people could get good
seats." she said. ltr response to a question on
the scalping of tickets, she said she was not
aware of arty scalping going on and that
preventing such practice was the reason for
the eight ticket lirrrir. Fisher also said she was
ttot aware of any complaints concerning the
ticket-selling procedure and that she had
though it worked out well. As of yesterday.
less than 100 tickets were still available.
l-ollowirrg the Jackson concert. University
Concert lloard rtnd \\'t‘l)li 91 I‘M may also
be collaborating on a reggae concert
sometime in the near future. ccording to
l-ishcr. lit‘li titles the bulk of planning for
lllL‘sU concurs. and presents these shows to
the \llltlcllls men though it often means run-
ning at ; rlcticn. site said. lit'ii policy
prcrcntcd diurlgmr: intorruatiou on the
allocation or inran tor ill|\ tourcrt. \\'('I)ll
tlt‘t“ not take an actinc part lll booking or
planmng the concert; their rrraior role is to
promote the concert through ad\ctlisintz.

national jobs

oi as politrcal in nature. \\ clrb added. "In
l'act. what the UN. in looking for are people
witlr technicals doll. and stilllt.‘ kind of etc
pctictrce." llc .thccd with Koclrer that art
.\l..-\. r~ probably the most adraruagcoux

 

tlL'ptt'L'.

llrc ‘i\ laucuacc~ |I\L'tl in the t'.N. arc
l'llylhlt. lrcrrclr. Spanish. Roman. Chinese
and Arabic. with the two rrrarrr ones being
l-‘rcnclt and l‘nclislr. .\ language applicant
must lta\c a “total Itlrtslcty ot lll\ rrrotlrcr
tongue, with \L'tflllltl language llucncy you‘d
expect front a urrbcrxity graduate." Webb
said.

\\'clrb added that since the U.N. sccks to
t‘ctil‘csctll all its member nations, and
Americans have been «nabbed in the past.
Americans now stand a worse chance of get—
ting a job at the U.N.

International \ohurtcets were represented
by Donald Johnson. a Peace ('or ps recruiter.
He pointed otrr a need for technically trained
individuals. but said that most qualified peo-
ple with arty degree catr be placed. He
described a rigorous application process.
which only a small percentage of candidates
are able to complete. Foreign language skill is
helpful and at least six months of volunteer
experience is usually required, according to
Johnson. He cited “flexibility and cultural
conscience" as necessary attributes for
volunteers. "You have to be willing to take
cold showers. if there's running water at all;
use an outdoor latrine. and if Ilrere isn't one.
build your own."

Dr. Thomas Richardson. a vice president
of Albany International and Dr. Harry
Shawky. Chairman of the Finance Depart-
ment tn SUNYA. were also members of the
panel. D

US involvement
in South Korea .
could initiate

a nuclear war

B Laura Nuss
STAFF WRITER

 

 

US involvement in Korea is escalating the
possibility of a nuclear war, according to
New Korea Policy Committee member David
Easter.

Speaking before a small. attentive au-
dience Thursday in the Humanities Lounge,
Easter described US military and economic
involvement in South Korea and the implica-
tions of nuclear proliferation.

Easter recalled that on March 30. 1982.
Secretary of Defense Caspar Weinberger an-
nt‘unced that " the US nuclear umbrella will
continue to provide additional security to the
Republic of Korea." This announcement im-
plied a threat to use nuclear weapons against
North Korea, South Korea's only direct
enemy. Easter explained.

"In the past," Easter said. "The US has
justified the buildup of a nuclear arsenal as a
vital deterrent against a similarly armed op-
ponent. However, since North Korea has no
nuclear weapons, nuclear deterrence is not an
issue," Thus, Easter maintained, the US
could remove its nuclear weapons from
South Korea without facing nrrclear
blackmail by the North.

Easter advocates an etrd to US support and
encouragement for South Korea's nuclear
power program which. he said. could
ultinrately be used to produce nuclear
weapons. He also urged that South Korea
should enter diplomatic negotiations wittr
North Korea and other "relevant parties"
with the intention of creating a nuclear-free
zone in Northeast Asia.

According to Easter. because there was no
peace treaty signed in Korea after the Korean
War. artncd battles still occur regularly along
the demilirari/ed lone where one nrilliorr
hostile troops face each other, Willi these
pcrpctrral conflicts irt Korea, he said. a small
conflict could escalate into a mthc tr
catastrophe.

l'astcr ctnphasi/cd the enormity of US i .7
\o|\ctttcltl iii the proliferation of llllClL'dl
power plants and nuclear weapons by citing
yorernrncnt ar'cncit-s .rrrd prbatc corpora-
littlls ~uch as General llectric artd
\\'cstinghousc which hare been professing
the rind importance oi such aduutccd
technology in South Korea.

llrc Kort-arr ymctnntctti. unable to mch
the tremendous c\]rt'tl\c for these plants. is
supplied with money by the US gmcrrrmcnt.
"This aid." said l-‘axtcr. “prepares all
groundwork for building a nuclear bomb
The fuel for the nuclear power platrt could be
used to build crude, dirty nuclear bombs that
would really spew the radiation."

According to liaslcr. the US has deployed
trot) tactical nuclear weapons itr South Korea
that are aimed at North Korea. The US also
has l<ltr lets and l‘-~t Phantom fighter-
bolttbcls stationed in Korea. each of which is
capable ot dehrcring nuclear weapons. he
said.

“The situation is serious, and it is time for
the US to seriously change its policies." said
Faster. “Since North Korea has no nuclear
weapons. South Korea would be the perfect
place to take steps towards disarmament. it
we're really serious. Let‘s set an example, w e
have nothing to lose.”

Following the lecture. several audiente
members participated in a discussion concer-
tring the issues raised by Easter. Among the
ntost active participants was Professor Abdo
Baaklina. of the Graduate School of Public
Affairs and Director of Albany's lntcrna»
tional Development Program.

“i feel Korea is a perfect illustration of
where the freedom of people should have
nothing to do with the US. and has nothing
to do with the Soviet Union." he said. “We
always inject the cold war, either they are
with us or they are with the Soviet Union.
The Koreans don't give a damn about either
one. There are local movements within the
country who have their aspirations. who have
their right to live in dignity independent of
the US and USSR." asserted Baaklina.

Easter's World Week lecture was spon-
sored by the Graduate School ot Public Af-
fairs. ' El

 

 

~.' “15......” .. -,.;

 
     

4. -m-~»w-a*s.w

14v:

 r

