 

 

g.
t'
l
3

 

« -»_ \_\,_~._.¢::. :24: .

2L?»

...- -.... “Mn-W. m—v—ol

' 14 Sports ALBANY STUDENT PRESS r:r OCTOBER I8,l983

'Spikers second at Springfield

\¥C§““l‘;§.

on

 

ln’c-mo

ATTENTION UNIVERSITY srunﬁ r r r
IOUHO TRIP, Ills To “1.3. TOR THE WEEKEND I

FAI-OOT-lell LEAYIHO THE CIRCLE AT 2:00pm.
SUH-OOT-Jﬂtlr RETURHIHG TROIA PORT AUTHORITY AT 6:00 pm.

AND RESERVE YOUR SEAT ON THE BUS

COST T0 for $25.“ ur nrson lltiUItli fill?

WIIIEI If:

Wednesday, Oct. I9rh
Campus Center Ballroom
SA FUNDED

 

 

HURRY !

EUR TICKETS Ir MORE INFORMATION

CALL: YlYlAll 158.3276 Oil 156-6452
tlmt er- I worst-mum mar our
to run st. worm. tzru

§OOJOJO‘O‘§#¥§QI5I~§IO‘§§§.§;.‘;

ounneecoeaeoe'eeeesconce-coconut.

"mamml’owwom'gwu’nmw’wb’u’uo

 

Adam Fortunate Eagle Norwall

Indian Civil Rights and the
First Amendment.

8:00 p.m.
Freel

wu'nou'u’u’u'n’.r’n’u’u’u’uaw-m.‘

 

 

 

 

 

LOOK FOR DAILY SPECIALS
43bl855

 
 

CHIMICWNGAS
maintain-ammonium
gygrrrraésm

 

Mnn-Thwnr IlrJOAM~9r00PM
Erlr llrJOAM-Mldnibht
Cloud Saturday-

Surn (rOOPMQrOOPM

 

 

For Doses (7 information,
C°”‘ (518)4344037

   
    

Mass Demonstration Romulus. New York
100m - 0pm Sampson State Park

Inter-Religious Prayer Service for Peace
4pm 15f Presbyterian Church Waterloo. New York

Nonviolent Blockade of Seneca Army Depot
Nonviolence preparation required.

By Michael Skolnlek

The women’s volleyball team
traveled to Springfield.
Massachusetts to compete in the
Springfield invitational tournament
on Saturday and the results were a

 

 

The women's volleyball team finished Second at the
vltatlonal on Saturday.

resounding success. The team
ﬁnished second Overall. losing to
MIT in tire clrampionslrlp match by
the scores of 9-l5 and ll-l5.

The tournament was tr ZO-Icam
affair involving botlr Division II
and Division III schools. The

en MAHUBSICH ups
Springfield In-

 

results of the ‘wcekcnd games
elevated the spikers' record to Ill-3
and enabled the team to relaitr their
l5th ranked position among Divi-
sion lll schools.

The tournament begun with the
Danes playing single elimination
against Weslfield State. Albany trad
an easy time, winning convincineg
by the scores of IS-O rrrrd 15-5. The
following tnntclt against Central
Connecticut was an indication of
things to come. with the reartr ex-
tended to the deciding third grrrrrc
before winning by scores of IJ-IS.
IS-B and l5-l3. The remaining two
tnalches against Sierra and Sacred
Heart were won by the scores of
15-4, l5-7 and l5-7, IS-S. respec-
tively.

These victories advanced Albany
to the semifinals against American
International College. a tough Divi-
sion ll team. It was rt hard-fought
battle with Albany winding tip on
top. 15-”. 13-l5 and the deciding
game handily. 15-5. Albany Head
Coach Patrick I)wyer commented,
"This was the best match we played
all day rtrrd it was against the best
cotrrpcliotr we have seetr all year."

This totrrtrarrrerrl was the most

11>

Women netters split two matches

lly l’erry Tisehler
\‘Iulll' II'RIII1R

It was another up and down
weekend for the Albany State
women's tennis learn as llrcy split
their two matches against ()rreonla
and Skidrnore.

On Friday afternoon. the stutnbl»
irrg Dane tretworrrerr fell victory for
tire first rinre since last tnotrtlr's win
over Union. The 8-l romp of
()neonla was“jusl wlral the doctor
ordered." according to Albany
Head Coach Mari Warner.

Albany's Mindy I‘larrsrein opcn-
ed things up with a 6-3, 6-0 will over
Elise Riclrtal and was followed
quickly by Joan Phillips' 6-l. 6-2
thrashing of Oneonta‘s Nancy
Allen. Lauren lsaacs and llelene
l‘is‘hlcr both won by the score of
6-3. 6-4. Ellen Yun won 6-2. 6-3,
and Janet Snow grabbed a three-set
victory. 4-6. 6-3. 6-3.

The girls continrted their winning
ways itr dorrbles corrrpetititon by
winning two out of three. The Dane
duos of Phillips and llartslein

October 22, 1963

 

October 23rd

October 24th

 

bree/etl to rr 0-], 6-3 victory over
Allen and Miclreilc llrowtr. The on-
ly loss of the day came at the hands
of You atrd Issacs as they were
defeated 6—4. 6.4 by ’l‘rtul
Sclroirrswilz rrrrd Anne Leonelli.
l‘ishlcr antl Nancy I‘or‘bcs also won
their match 7-6. 6-4.

Coach Warner's trorrpe didn‘t
have very long to relish the victory
as they faced Skidmorc the next
day. Tough weather conditions
didrr'l do too rrrtrclr to help llte
Danes against the talented leattr of
Skidmore. The 7-2 loss was the
fourth loss on the year for Coach
Warner brrt she was still very pleas-
ed willr the effort.

“I saw a lot of positive things and
some rcrrl excellent efforts. Under
llre conditions. (bad weather) we
played very well." remarked
Warner. .

Ilrrrtsrein. in an excellent rrrrrtclr.
dropped a three set victory 6-l. 5-7.
3-6 to Valerie Alligcr. lssacs (6-0.
6—1). ’l‘ishlcr (7-6. 6-I). Snow (6-4.
6-0) and Yrrrr (6-4. 6-0) didn't fare
much better as they accounted for

four of tire Dane losses. l’lrillips
played very well itr Ircr second
singles victory in as many days
against Rosanne l‘cllon. winning lry
the score of 7-5. 6-4.

In dorrbles competition the team
only managed one witr out of three.
Tislrler tearrred trp witlr Issues to tal-
ly past Sally l‘itirrgston and Anne
l’avala 7-6. (r—rt. On the match,
coach Warner commented "It was
really good. I'm very pleased with
the combo of ’l‘ishlcr and lssrrcs,
and they will be playing irr the slate
cotrrpetition next weekend."

The season dwitrdles to rrrr ctrd
this week. On Wednesday. the
squad faces a tough Atnlrcrsl learn
and then it's on to tire stale cham-
piotrslrip tournament in Rochester
this weekend.

When asked why the learn was so
successful. team members l’lrillips
arld Harlsein were qtrick to reply
the same answer.

"It was Coach Warner who made
the difference. She's ftrn to plrry for
and you just want to win for her.
She‘s otrr coach anti friend."

I I

A!Q4!OIUOUOJOOJJOJJOOUOOOOO..‘¥“

*‘rk. ANNOUNCING ** :

E University Auxiliary Services
3 Annual Membership Meeting
5 October 28, 1383

E Administation Room 253

eneeeecueueeceeeoueceueeeoeeocs

1
r.
I
r.
n
It
1:30 p.m. :
e
If
It
i

 

No Turndowns...No Hassles
WE WILL CATER To YOUR NEEDS.

INSURANCE

 

LOW COST AUTO 8- MOTOR CYCLE

Berry S. Scott Ins. Agency’
811 Central Ave.

489-7405 next to Orange Ford
(110 steps from Motor Vehicle Dept.)
Mom-Thurs: Fri--' Set:
I 9-5pm 9-5Pm if-3pm

  

 

 

war-«mprymygmgssnc.7.. .. . . .

 

Women harriers finish seventh

By Dean Chang

AT/l/I URI/IN

A sevcnllr place finish itr Saturday's SUNYAC
Championship In Buffalo left Head Coach Ron White
of Albany State's women's cross country learn looking
for some needed improvement at the upcoming Capital
District trreet.

Albany ﬁnished beltitrd llinghamton. Buffalo State.
Geneseo State. Plaltsburglr Stale, lirockport State arid
Oswcgo State. The only team that Albany officially
outscored was Fredorria State, l36 to I48. The
Blnghamton squad, which defeated Albany earlier this
season. was 59 points better than their closest corn-
petitors.

Despite the team's poor finish, many of the runners
achieved personal bests. This may lead one to wonder
why Albany finished only seventh.

"The competition within the SUNYAC has really
picked up." responded Coach White. “Last year we
were getting closer to Ilirrghrrnrlon. Now llre cross
country programs of the other schools are getting her-
lcr too. Even lltorrglt otrr runners have good times.
they‘re still ht’rtg pushed back by other runners." ()n—
ly six polrrts separated the fifth place learn. llrockporr,
frorn seventh place Albany.

Ctr-captains Karen Ktrrthy and lictte l)/rrtrtba were
the first two from Albany to cross llre line. l\‘rrtthy
finished fifth our of 72 runners with her time of “(255.
ller finish earned her a place in the SUNYACs Hall of
Fame, an honor bestowed on the top five finishers.
[Martha's litrre ol' l‘):-tri was noteworthy. as she was
recovering from an illness at the rinre. l-irrc pcrt'or»
rnances were also given by Mrrrrrrr Mrrlrorr. ll): 17; from

(icorge. 20:52; and Kim l’atelr. 2|:lii. These times
were only good enough to place the three worrten 30th.
40th and 43rd, respectively.

“When our fourth or fifth runner finishes 40th, it's
hard to do well." commented Coach White. “Karen
and Belle are doing well. brrt the other girls are getting
a bit lost in the numbers. They‘re definitely improving.
brrr in large meets, the improvement is harder to see.
Improving our third. fourth and fifth runners has been
our goal front the beginning.“ .

Kurthy altribtrtes the team's improvement partly to
the training program last week. "This is the first week
that the coacll tapered us off."she said. “We lrad a
medium type day on Thursday and we had Friday
off."

(‘o-eaprrrin Dramer echoed Kurlhy's sentiments.
"It's inrportanl to ltave a test every now arid then.”
she corrrmetrled. “If we just ran day after day. we
might get rrrrr down."

The team‘s performance at the (‘rrpilrrl District rrrcel
will be aided by the rclrrrrr of sophomore Donna ilur~
Illllllll. "Donna wanted to rrrtr irt ilul'falo." noted
('oach White. "I didn't think that she was quite ready:
I didn't wrrrrl her to chance rcirrjrrry. Inert though
she's orrl of condition. she‘ll still finish in about It)
minutes."

(‘oach White This been pointing the learn toward this
meet the entire year. “The team should be peaking
about now." he said. "llopclrrlly this weekend will
lrrrtr orrr \L'tlstlli .‘tltltllltl. last year. we really had a big
turnaround at the ('rrpitrrl District rrrccl; I'll be lookrrrr-
I’or sorrrclhing similar llctc."

(inc dil'lcrcrrcc lrrrrrt last year is olwiorrs: this year's
team is still wirrIt-ss.

Women boaters forced to forfeit

Ily Mare Schwarz
Sl'tilr'ﬂ Ill/lltlr‘

The Albany State women‘s soccer was l'orccd to
forfeit Saturday‘s game with the llrrircrsiry of
Rochester after learn alcohol rrrlcs were violated. ac~
cording to Head (‘oach Am) Krddcr.

'lwo players were suspended from the squad and
four other players rcr'ci.ed one-game suspensions
because of tire violationsI she added.

The learn left Albany in rr van and a car on l’ridrry
afternoon for Rochester. where they were to stay orcr-
trighl for the grrrrre the nest afternoon. Kidder traveled
alrcrrd in the car while an assistant coach tllti\‘L' the run
and llte two were to tctrdc/mrrs near Syracuse. she
said. According to Kidder. rlrc si\ lliltl Intikcll rerun
lr’rtirrittg rules regarding alcohol prior to lt-rrrirrg
Albany.

“When I found otrt about it I made the tlL‘L‘l\lllIl to
not trike llrc lcarrr irrto Rochester." kitldcr c\|ll.trlrct|.
"the breaking ol trrrirrirrr' rules was with drinking,
’lhcy know the rules tlrc\ mrulc llrt'rrr Ilrt~rrr-.cl\c~.."

Kidder contacted the lllll\t'l\il_\ oi l\'|M'Ilt"»It'l :rrrd
inl'orrrrcd thcrrr Illltl hcr Icrrnr would not he .rblc to
compete on Saturday and that Illc) would Iorlr'rl.

At that poirrl. Kidder rrrld hcr terror that sllc was trrr
rrirrg the van around and returning to Albany where :r
learn meeting would he held the neu morning. Scwrrrl
ol' the players had made arrangements to stay in
Rochester following the grtrnc on Saturday. but Kidder
Hpcctcd all oI them to return to campus on I~ridrr_\'.

“If you are planning to continue playing lot llrc

Sports Briefs —-———I

learn. you will return with us tonight.” Kidder said she
told her players at the little ol the incident lridrr).

According to Kidder. two ol Ilrc players decided not
to go Irrrck with the lcrrm and they were llrc ones
suspended from file sqrrad.

llrc learn. which is now 5-5-1. will play the rc»
rnairtdcr ol the games with ll players. l'lc\ctl players
are trccded to field a terror

Albany's Athletic Director Dr. William Moore felt
that the matter was :rrr internal one to he handled In
Kidrlcr. “It has been the lot ol Ilrc corrch to dclctrrrinc
dsiciplitrrrry actions." he said.

"It istl prirrrtc domain that ofrhccorrch, Ihc) rrrrrkc
rip the lrtrinirrg rrrlcs along with tltc players. Some
Icrrrrrs go as tar as to publish them." he said. " l his is
an unusual case. Sorrrcrimcs we‘ve encountered train-
ing \itilillttills willr tcrrrrrs after it garlic but not on the
c\c of a game.

"I guess the t|tlt'\l|rill is ii the team would hrrrc been
physrcrrlly able to corrrpt-Ie, llr.rt w.w lllt' .o.rth‘~.
irrdgcnrcnl.“ he added.

Ktrldcr is now Iookrrrr' iorwrrrrl to corrrplctrrrr Illt'
«arson. “.r\l Ilrrs porrrl wc h.t\c :r \rllt‘tltllt' to llllllll. |
Irrrre I2 kids who .rrc rcrrlly dcrcrrrrrrrcd .rlrour tl. \\ c
erI be u better tc.rrrr Irccarrsc oi llrrs, It w.r~ .r hrrrrl
lt‘ssrlll trr |c;rrrr.' she said.

“I'm not trying to rrrirrirni/c it. but rr‘» met and
done with. \\‘c are not unique. this has lrrtppctrcrl to
other lt'ttlIh lit-fore." Kidder concluded. “()rrl ot the

had sorrrc good will conic."
Albany takes on llrrrlwrck rrrdrr) rrt .i:.lt) on l‘rrrrcr
slly l'icltl.

Netmen win
<Back Page

counted lor :r lifrlr and deciding
point which ptechtl tlrc \iclorr

if.

Upcoming events

After firrisltirrg an outstanding sc-
cond in the Springfield Open the
women's volleyball team will prrck
their bags and travel to (‘olgatc
University where they will compete
ttgainsl (‘orllarrd today belore mow
“It: 011 to North Adams (‘ollege on
Thursday where they will rrrcer
North Adams and ()neontrr. .. ('otn-
int: Ol'l~ a lorrglr loss to Skidrrrorc
(‘ollege the women's tennis lcrrrrr
will have to face another Iotrglr op-
ponent itr Amherst (‘ollcge on the
road tomorrow afternoon... The
women‘s soccer learn. defeated Rl’l
4-0 orrlshootirrg their oppUIICIHh
42-0 irt their last Irorne game will
trrkc on l-lartwick today at home at
3:30... The 4-6 men's soccer Icrrrrr.
rwlro are trying to rebound from a

 

rough Z-l loss to llinghrrrrrrorr. will
try to do so against ()rreorrrtr :rr
lrorrrc rotrrorrow at 1:11).

Boaters lose 2-1

The Albany State men's slIcCL‘I
terrrn saw its Iccord drop to to as
the) were defeated by the llinghrrm-
ton ( olorrirrls Z-l rrl Ilirrghrrrrrrorr on
Saturday rrllernoon. The loss drop-
petl llrc boolcrs' record to 2-2 irr the
conference and dirnrrred their
chances of qualifying for the
SUNYAt' playoffs.

Albany's lone gorrl was scored by
Leslie Scycrc. his second of the
year.

'I he Danes close out their season
with three straight Irorrtc games
heginrrirrg with rorrrorrow's clash
with the ()rreontrr Red Dragons.
(inure little is 1:30 p.m.

 

 

l'or lltc Danes.

'I'he rrtrrrrbcr rlrrcc doubles pair oi
Mike l)L‘lllIIIIl\k_\’ and ltrrve Icirrer-
man. playing together lor Ilre lirst
lllllL'. dropped llrcir match to Small
and Wcitrslcitt 7~5. trrl.

.

('orrch Scrbtrlik was not only hap-
py rrhrrrrt winning the rrrrrrclr. hc “its
also extremely pleased by the fact
that he was named HllNYA(‘ Icrr~
rris ('orrch of the Year. ilrc coach
said he couldn't have done it alone.

“The learn just played so hard
for me: they are rr very talented
rtortp of players. Also. the fact that
lloh (Lewis) Iras such tr good pro-
gram goirtg here. i wasjusl Irrcky to
inherit his program."

The players couldn‘t be happier
for their coach. 'I'his serrrirtrcrrl is
cpilotni/cd by Sandcrs' statement,
"If anyone deserved it. it was
him."

 

C.
’0

blessslbtbbabiotth‘bl.

rtr ALBANY STUDENTPRESS Sports 15

 

October 29-Nove 1ber 20

by Tennessee Williams

A tender, autobiographical classic.
Corporate Sponsor: Key Bank NA.

Performances: Tuesday-Saturday 8:00pm;

Sunday 2:30pm: Wednesday. November 2nd 2:30 pm

Non Student ﬁckels 38-313
Students wrlh l D ‘A price Tuesday-Thursday evenrnoa. and
Sunday Matrnee errled avarlabrlrty 30 minutes before curtain.

lit Norttr Pearl Street. Albany. New Vcrk  

Tickets avarlable at The Market Theatre and Community Box Ollrcett.
MasterCard and VISA accepted (No refunds or exchanges.)

 

 

U“..."UU.QOI’OJU!QIQ.O‘..§.‘

UEAN  Jerri [outforth-In;Irglngxrothe I m ‘
corFFUREs I...'.iir.'.l.’.'.1.11!....i.i::.l.l'.. 33.71.2222 .22..

ll rut-\t \\ll r ltl.»\| Hi]. I l‘-t \\\t.\r. "-“lm “"""""“""5”""“ "Am-

IZn-rrtlrtng Ior your l 'trul_\ tutti-t
lillt \H V \\II \\ll\l|.\

DIEWI'I'T CLINTON
I42 Slate 5L. Albany
463-6691

‘..‘........~..‘..‘U‘..‘...‘...

Itrrtt' become well known Ior our correctlle work.
Irrrtmmllrlr lrulr tltu‘w trr-‘ wrin- its. (for lttttu
t'\|>t'rll‘tu'\' In rlt-nrrug wltlt ‘rruprmrlrrtrrrcu'
t-rmrrto. r... In rru-trrt- om..- pritltlctttn oat-mnrni.

WELCOME BACK TO SCHOOL.
Get a I0 percent discount on all
services and products with student ID

 

Malta in lhl hull of Gunilla-II IIOHI'
tenrrnrrnl in or (art um Still! to truths
rm “mm; At national. an... on Ila-ltd st

sevenscaeeseceeeeeeeee‘

 

 

 

Maxoll single sided, double density disc

Wabash single sided. slngledensily disc

Flip-N-Flle Sgdisc storage unit
Plus Avalon Hill, Epyx and creative software
for your Atari 400-800. We 20-64 and Apple.

Bytes & Pieces

- 2 Pack $8.00
~10 Pack $29.00

-~IO Pack $20.00
"$20.00

To order or for more Information

call 449-1030 ask for Gary.

All goods delivered free on campus.

Ask about our Modems. Joysticks,

Palclrcords, Computer furniture and much more.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
 

 

 
 

PREPARE FOR

MCAT LSAT-GMAT

o Pennant-"l Centersapen o Opporlumty to make at:
days. evenrtrgs and nrrssed lessons
“Hem” c Volumrnous home-slutty

' :°|7[::::'gaf'°“' 09mm” rrraltrrrals constantly.

it . I

. Cornplele liSi-N-lAPf"  e ‘

lacrlrlrcs tat revrew cl

class lessons and supple a Opportunrlylalranslerlo

rtrerrlary materials. and contract: study ii any

0 Classes taught by skilled at our over 105 centers.
Instructors.

OTHER COURSES AVAILABLE

     

GRE-PSYCH 8r BIO - MAT - WATT-"MAT - VAI - TOEQL

MSllP - NMO - VIJE - ECFMO - FLEX - NOB - RH BO
SSAT ' PSAT- SAT ACIHIEVEMEHTS
r tit:

New Location:
, Albany Cantor
M Executivt Park
Stuyvesant Plaza
Albany. NY. l2.'03
489-0077

taut-trout CIIIIII to:

it St l-rtttwrultON
St tCrAttstSsmcl reJtr

 

 

 

WA TCH FOR IT!
The ASP goes
downtown every
Friday. Look for it
In a business or
tavern near you.

        
   

   
  
    
   
   
    

 
          
    
   
 

 

 

