 

 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
   
 
   
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
  
    
    
   
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
     
 
  

‘ ’b—_.__ I.“

 

 

Marc Sehwarz
ASSOCM TE SPORTS EDITOR

_______.'——

What makes it women attend basket-
ball games at University Gym and the ma-
jority of tltose on the road? Why do they
run onto the court during timeouts. clad
in white sweaters and skirts with purple
trim, and kick their legs up high. align
themselves irt pyramids and go through
various maneuvers?-

”it's a lot of fun." co-captain of the
Albany State cheerleaders Joan Lengyel
said.

“It‘s a really good way to get involved
in athletics." Jane Paffrath said.

But to this season's squad of
cheerleaders. it's more tintii jttst looking
good on the court and being known as a
cheerleader:

“A lot of people think we are jttst there
to be looked at and that we don't care
about the teams. But we do care," co—
captain .lackie Melik contrticrttcd.

No matter what the size of tire crowd
is—no mttttcr if the Danes are winning or
losing. the cheerleaders are at the games
frortt start to finish. supporting their teatrt
wholeheartedly.

"We have to keep the team's spirit tip
when they are losing. We decorate the
iockerrooni before the garitc to get them
psyched." Lauren Garbcliatto said.
"Sometimes we start to get into the guttie

nutch titat we stop doing ottt cheers artd

.st ell for the team."

    

 

ALAN CA’LEM UPS
Jackie Melik Is a co-capteln oi the
Albany cheerleaders.

The cheerleaders are an SA sponsored
group and are organized and run entirely
by themselves. Working with a‘budget of
Si 100, they must return $450 to SA at the
end of the year. The money goes for
uniforms. sitpplies. gas money for trips.
and other expenses that they incur during
the year. The squad has no advisor or
coach and is headed by two captains.

“Everyone contributes; they (captains
Lengyel and Melik) keep order." i’affrath
explained.

The citecrleaders are selected each year
by il panel of judges. The captains frotn
the previous semester organize the tryouts
and form the panel. usually consisting of
old cheerleaders, two football coaches.
and the gymrtttstics cottclt. There are dif-
ferent squads for football and basketball.
The applicants for places on the squad are
judged on their ability to do tltrcc cheers.
coordination. flexibility. precision. voice.
enthusiasm, arid general appearance.

't‘his , asort's squad coitsists of forir
seniors: Lengyel. Melik. l’tiffruth. artd
'i'er'ri Novak; one junior: (iarhelluuo: and
six sophomores: Karytt Dobirt. Diana
Needle. Janelle Zube. Gittgcr Williattts.
Linda Thill. and Mary Alice. Most of

 

them were cheerleaders itt high school. One

exception is Dobin.

“Someone told her she ltrtd a big
mouth. so she became a cheerleader."
Melik said.

“Everyone thinks it's so easy to be a
chccrlerider. It's not. You have to
riicrrtorizc so many steps and cheer.“
Dottitt said.

“People don't realize the practice that
goes irtto it. it's six hours a week." Zube
said.

“And then i ltave to practice eveti iitore
after practice." Dobin added. “Since l’m
new at this. it‘s harder for itte titan it is for
the rest of the girls."

The cheerleaders‘ duties do not citd
when they step off the court. They held a
tournament for the local high school
cheerleaders. The proceeds will enable
the squad to repay their deitt to SA. The
cheerleaders also rttn tours of the campus
for prospective football players. The iortrs
are given on their own time. usually Satirr-
day mornings.

“Some people look down on its. flirt we
are a team just like the others." Lengyel
said.

However. the basketball team up-
preciates the cheerleaders‘ efforts.

"The basketball team really appreciates
its. They gave us a box of candy for
Valentine‘s Day." Lengyel said. “Maybe
we sound dumb to others. but Mrs.
Dieckelman said the games over the vaca-
tion weren't the same without us."

“Every game they (the basketball team)
thank its," Melik said.

Despite their constant smiles on the

Cheerleaders give Great Dane Sirits a boost

     
  

 

....., _. r...» , ... "0...:

 

 

 

 

The Albany cheerleaders perform one of their many routines during timeout

of a Great Dane basketball game.

court arid cheery disposition. everything is
not always rttrtrting smoothly for the
cheerleaders. especially on the road. The
cheerleaders have to put up with abuse
from opposition fans. At a recent game at
Union College, the squad had to live with
the shenanigans of one drttnk Dutchman
supporter who took every opportunity to
bother tltctn.

“When we went to Alfred dttrirtg the
football season, the crowd was really ob-
noxious. Some of us were crying. it was so
bad." Garbellano said.

Perhaps the most trying experience oc-
curcd last year on the way back from the»
SUNYACs in Buffalo. The cheerleaders
traveled to the basketball tournatncttt iii
cars and one of them broke down conting
back to Albany. They had no money to fix

ALAN CALEM UPS

the ear and were forced to call trtcrtds
back irt school to cortic and pick them up.
"Since that time we've been attic to get SA
vans for away games." Paffrath said.

Most of the time though it's just fun for
the cheerleaders.

"it‘s a good break frotn academics."
Zubc said.

“i've found it to be a good way to rrtcet
new people artd make new friends.”
Williams added.

“You get to scream and get all your ag-
gressions out.“ Tltill explained.

And through the years. that screaming
and cheering has been music to the ears of
Great Dane players and fans. As long as
the cheerleaders continue to do their
thing. spirit will be alive and well a
Albany. t J

 

Indoor harriers beat Plattsburgh in two meets

Men easy victors

ily Tom Kacandes
‘t'l/tll' it'll/[Ht

 

The Albany State men's indoor track
team traveled to i’lattsbiirgh Saturday to
close out the regular season witli an im—
pressive victory over the Cardinals. 90.5 -
43.5. The victory broitgh the team‘s record
to 7 - l. tltcir most successful season cvcr.

Albany dominated the scoring
throughout. The Danes took first place iit
twelve of the seventeen events. "Anti wlterc
we didn‘t get first. we took botit second and
third." said Head Coach Bob Murtscy.

Sophomore Marc Mercurio started the
scoring with a win in the 35 lbs. weight
throw “4.46 meters). Teammate ilill Nason
took second in that event and threw [5.20
rnciers to win the shot put where Mercurio
took third.

Jumping ace i’aal Matice pulled off his
third double win, long jumping 6.32 meters
and lripic jumping 12.74 meters. Dane
juniper Don llleasdale took second in the
trip“: jump (l L80 meters) artd won the high
bunt) Willi uri impressive t.72 meters jump.

    

The rrtnning events began with the l.500
ntctcr run where sophomore Jim Erwin was
physically fortlcd by a i’lattsburgh rrrrtncr
yet hung on for a close second. a personal
best time of 4108.7. Dane Chris (‘allaci's
personal best (4zll.6) earned him third
place.

Freshman ilrticc Van Tassel easily wort
the 50 meter hurdles iit 7.2 seconds. in the
400 meter daslt. iirrol Johnston aitd l’ut
Saccocio wcrit l-2: botlt were timed at 53.2
in separate beats.

'i'hc Danes swept the 500 titctcr run. iiric
Newton's winning time of l:()ii.3 ranks ltiiit
among the best iii the state at the distance.
Scott Sachs and Winston Johnson took se-
cond and third respectively.

Senior Mitch Ilarvard was awarded first
place with it time of 6.0 iii the close finish of
the 50 tiietcr dash. Albany's Mike Riggins
rtahbcd third (6.l sec.). Harvard came back
to win the 300 tiictcr dash and set a school
record of 37.7 seconds. Riggins and team-
mate Johit Reilly also broke the record
swccping the event for Albany State.

'i'i'ansfcr Noel Woodbitrn led the 800
meter ruti frottt the start only to be outkick-
cd in an exciting finish. Freshman sensation
'l'orty itizzo took third behind Woodburtt's

   

 

mums sum. ur- rr' new":

quick 2:00.] second place.

Freshman Charles Bronner led tlte
Albany scoring in tire 3.000mctcr rittt. His
time ol'9:0ll.7 qualifies him for post-season
competition aitd was “my best by a whole
lot." according to llonner. At meet's crtd
botlt the "A" and "il" iitile rchty learns
beat Pliiitsburgh's “A” team.

Captain Nick Sitllivatt commented. “We
had some very good performances today. it
was a strong win. T ‘ a very young tetiitt
that has yet to peak. We'rc rigltt on
schedule to be the best indoor team ever."

“l'm really happy." said Murrscy,
“we're going to realy sltock some people iii
the post-season irtvitationtils and iii the
SUNYACS." Saturday Albany goes to
’i'roy for the RP] invitational. l l

Women hold on

The Albany State women's indoor track
learn won it tough dual utcct against I’Itttt-
sburgh last Saturday by the score of ()6 - 50.
The Danes won only six of the fourteen
events. “llut ottr depth pulled its through."
said Coach Ron White:

'fhat strength showed in the sltot put

:7.

 

we”... ..,- at:n")i¢l1’n'&'»i:§‘r¥‘§ ~:. t’ '

where Albany’s Artdrea DcLauricr took
first place and Mary Rartdcl took seeortd.
|)el.auricr's loss'of 10.0‘) meters was her
best ever. I‘iioth are quality women shot
piitcrs.” said Witite.

A similar result came iii the l.5()0 meter
rrtn as freshman Karcrt Kttrtlty artd Kathy
McCarthy got first and sccoitd respectively.
Kurthy's tiritc of 5:10.2 is a new school
record.

In the 50 ritctcr hurdles captain .litlic
Sniyth took second place running a per-
sonal best of 8.3 seconds as tetitiitiintc
Carolyn .loycc got third.

The Danes scored first and second iii the
400 tttctcr rttti as Donna iliir'ithtun ran
l:()X.5 to beat otti teammate Pant Ander-
son.

()thcr Albany winners were: l.iric|ie Skcr-
t‘itt iit the 50 meter dash and McCarthy iii
the 3,000 meter run.

The Dunes also swept the loitg jump and
won the two mile relay.

"This was a breaktltroitglt meet for us.
we sltowcd orrr trite ability." said While.
Fourteen women qualified for post-season
competition. Tomorrow tltc women's team
will travel to Union for the N Y
Cltrnrtplonshlps.wM .c.  .2: *t ,
——'i‘oin Kacnndes

   

      
 

’tt'"\Hk‘aﬂlritisklkwtcvﬁtmuﬁﬁ'itknwnurtvt‘u‘lﬁl:lt'll‘eut)»rtn-p,m.»y,v . .

State

3.
t
i

 

 

 

By Mark Levine

({DlmRML ASSISTANT

’—._—_
Albany State women's basketball
Coach Mari Warner had her sights
set on this year’s Capital District
Tournament for a long time. Her
attitude was reﬂected by lter team‘s
performance there last weekend. as
the Danes swept by ltost St. Rose
and RP] to capture first place,
Albany‘s first championship in file
four year history of the tourna-
ment.
Senior Robin Gibson closed out
her Albany career by scorirtg 2|
points in the finals and trailing
down Tournament MVP honors.
wltilc freshman guard Rainy lesion:
was itanicd to the All-Tournarttctit
'l‘erun. Gibson sat ottt a good por-

 

tion of the year with a knee injury.
and Warner praised lter courage.
‘ “Robin had to linvc total dedica-
tion this weekend." site said.
“Mentally. she has to give ttiitclt
tttore tltatt most people because of
her knee. After the way she plnycd.
that's got to cartt anybody‘s
respect.“

in the opening round on Friday
night Albany fought back gantcly
against a stubborn St. Rose tcam.
overcoming a 40-29 deficit with
12:27 to play iii the game. rttttiring
off l4 unanswered poittts lit a spirit
of 5:52 to take it 43-40 lead. The
Danes switched out of their [UllL'
defense irtto a man-to-irian defense
during the spurt. forcing St. Rose
into bad shots and turnovers. The
Albany lead was only 49-47 with

Gymnasts take second

 

By Mark Wilﬁard
styttt li'NIII.

(‘orich l’at Duval-Spillanc and
her Albany women's gymnastic
tcattt had been looking forward to
their meet against Keene State and
Moniclair State for sonte lititc now,
And when it was finally t)\'L'I last
Friday night. the Great Danes were
able to ltold their heads up high
with an accomplishment they Ltttliti
ltc proud of.

first year. Albany was ranked
nutnbcr six. Albany's iiiipt‘ovcnicnt
over the year was evident Friday its
they defeated Montclair State t55.7
to l47.l. Keene State. who moved
tip to Division ll this ycttt. won the
tticct with ti score of l(rl.0. t'otich
David-Spillane stiid that “it was
nice to he ottly five points behind
chiie."

'l'hc Danes did itot plrtcc high iii
many events. Ht)Wt:\'t'I'. i)il\'ill-
Spillane ttotcd that “our scores
were clustered enough to give us the
iiccdcd points. We ililti enough
depth."

.liutior Ginny Lockrntitt finished

iti second pittcc itr tltc all-round
coritpctiiion with a season‘s pct-
sonai best of 32.2. Sctiiot l‘lainc
(ilyttri cuiitc in fourth pltlce. scoi ing
a 3l.75 and freshman Myrna lletlt
King placed sisth with a score of
30.5. in the floor exercises. (ilynn
took first place with a score of 241-.
it personal best for her oti thc
season. (tinny Lockniau‘s score ol
8.35 was good enough for tltiid
place iii t|tc evcttt. (‘uach Duval-
Spillane said. “These scores were
significant hccausc irt the past )‘cills
tltc floor csc '. has not hcctt out
strongest event."
N Albany also got a second place
finish from Locktntttt tilt the
balance hcatit. whose score of 8.]
was her all-time personal best.

At the beginning of the season.
Albany had their sights set ttpott t|tc
NCAA i'cgiottitls at (‘ortliind on
March ll-l2. llowcvcr. only the
top sis ranked tennis cart go. The
Danes are currently eighth iii the

ttotthcast and probably won't
qualify. ilitt the NCAA toiit nrimcttt
ttlso selects six gyinttttsts whose
ietuiis fail to make it. This tissctiibl-

 

 

Great .p
Dane "‘
Basketball

Tire Danes take on Buffalo
Slate in the SUN YA Cs.
Listen to the action tonight
beginning at 7:00 on 9llt‘M
with Phil Pivnick and

Howard Strttdlcr.

 

 

 

 

ed squad is called the “team ol all-
tttoundcis". and Alb. tty hits a
chttnce ol sending three or four.
lhis \scckcud. (‘oticlt i)ll\‘ili-
Spilluttc's squad timcls to Cortland
to compete in t|tc NY State (lyin-
tiastics (‘lttitnpioitship Saturday is
t|tc team competition arid on Stitt-
dtty lltt' top icrr Iinaiists iii ertclt
ctcnt will compete lot top honors.
Ducal-Spillane anticipates that
lthacu and ('oitland will be among
the toughest teams. ilotli of them
turned doun front Division ii to
liitision Hi this year. i r

 
 
    
   

 
 

      
   
 
     
 
 

Offer, P.

   

Name _A_._

 

 

City
Spoclty quantity

   
    

.   . a-twwmzewrusa'“

per mug (no cash please

Address. -_._ ._ .c‘,

 

O iSBZWDISlluIRSCOMYC

 

FEBRUARY25, I983 Cl ALBANY STUDENT PRESS   .

3:05 to play. biit a 3-point play by
Lcsrtne sealed the witt arid scitt the
Danes into the firtals on Saturday
against RPl.

The ntatcltup with the Engineers
proved to be a less difficult tiisk for
the Danes. They were iii front the
crttire game. at one point lcadittg by
17. before going on to post air ittt-
pressive 53-38 victory. Gibson was
on fire all night. including one
stretch wlterc slte scored l0 cort-
secutive poirtts. giving Albany it
28-12 lead late itt the first ltalf. Ri’i
closed to within eight at 46-38
with 3:30 left in the gamc.hut got

no closer. Sophomore Nancy
thitderllch scored the last seven
points of the game. incltiding a
spectacular behind-tite-back layup
at t|tc buzzer. Freshman Jean
Pollock also played a fine game.
playing solid defcttse and doing an
excellent jolt rebounding.

Warner was quite pleased with
her team‘s performance. "We had
hcctt looking towards this tourtia-
tiieitt for a Iorig time." she noted.
“Mentally. we were all very well
prepared."

Despite not qualifying for the

Women cagers win Capital District Tournament

State Playoffs. Albany concluded
its season with a very formidable
14-6 record, a fitte turnaround from
last year's 9-t3 mark. With a team
consisting of virtually all freshmen
and sophomores. Warner has a
solid foundation for the future. She
concluded by saying. "We ltad a
very positive attitude this year. and
that was a major reason for otir titr-
naround from last year. i feel like
We‘ve earned the respect of the
wltolc university now. We've got a
great ttiicleus. attd we have a lot to
look forward to iii the next few
years." | l

 

 

 

 

 

Fourteen 02. glass mug for sale. It's the two-fisted
way to drink to good times and salute your great taste
in drinks. Why not start a collection? Please send this
coupon, along with a check or money order for $4.95

) to: Seagram’s 7 Crown Mug
0. Box1622. New York. NY. 10152

i uiwii

   
   
   
   
   
    

ﬂ_State__E#__le_ _.___,__

Amount encloud 8

Offer oxpttos January 31. IBM No purchase necessary
Now York trtstdotits add 8 25% sales tax
Please allow «1 to 0 wooks for shipment

 

 

 L03.” ' '

 

SUACM

Seugrnm’s

AMERK‘M WlilSKEV-A Milli. 30 PROBE "Seven Up" and "It?" In trademarks at the Seven Up Comp).

Flainey Lesane was named to the All Tourn m m M "mm" “P;
- a
{mum annual Capnal Dlsmc' Touma am. am Tea as the women's basketball team captured the

   

