 

 
 

 

.‘ THiRo ANNUAL ROTARY CLUB :
CAREER DAY

The Albany Rotary Club has offered to sponsor the “Third Annual
Albany Rotary Club Career Day." This is a worthwhile opportunity
for SUNY-A students to participate in a one day on-the-job
experience. Here are just a few of the responses CUE received in
reaction to last year's event:

“an excellent learning experience"

"it won real ‘Hands on' experience rather titan ‘show and teli'."

“Fantastic”
“The kind of knowledge we got you won't get in a book or front C B
friends and advisers" ' 

"It allowed me to make some valuable contacts in the field."
"i never learned so much in just a few hours!"

"Hats lift to Career Day!"
tnis year approximately 33 area professionals and members of the
Albany Rotary Club have agreed to donate the morning of April
let to the career development of Albany students. This half-day
venture will take students off the campus and into the community.
Students will spent the morning with their assigned professional
contact at his place of busines. A wide range of occupations will he
represented including:
tluxiness

97

M attiigcnicnl

litinkin
_ K _ ’ Public SeruichAdministration
(tiiiiiniiiiicaiiuus RC,” Fun“.
1) -nii,~.ir ’
" y Manufacturing
Law

I V I Marketing
Distribution
Atter a busy morning students will be treatod'to lunch at the
Albany Thruway House - courtesv oi the Albanv Rotary Club.
The Center tor Undergraduate Education (CUE) ls co-
sponsorlng this event with the Rotary Club. CUE will
coordinate the selection at students. individuals intoristed In
participating may pick up an application at CUE. till it out
and return It to CUE no later than March 25. At least 58
students (possibly more) will be selected. Selections will be ‘
made according to designated areas at Interest. Selections
will be made on April 7. For more Intormatlon contact Dina like
Metltt at cue (457-8331). '

 

H01 Popcocu

 

 

 

 

“Uncut GK “

s s

*ﬁmﬂmfc *
N G ——————

ROCK N ROLLtr NEW WAVE i: MOTOWN
Hop mm 4: OLDIES M ROCKAblLLY

MARCH in“: 8Plt-l2AM_

 MARCH ii“:9PM - titM

MARCH iz“=9 PM - 1AM

NCI.

at it):

‘&$keller ﬁ

it
‘b 2‘“ %

Campus I . Center

 

 

 

 

lJDI

 
   

 

 

r—A LL THIS W€€t@N D~

 

BUOBMNG
Pi'ud. PIE

 

Bntuzrattu Auxttiuru ﬁzmirza Dpuruunti
“mutt/atom m

 

 

monday-frida y march 1 4 - 1 8

 

(Each semester owed is

 

k

u» we... .
‘- MW
4 . mmmunmanwumm

pick up your‘scnigl: cal-els’

campus center 343 (ticket window)

9 a.m.-2 p.m.

monday-wednesday march 21-23

EHPPOSG You mu. st have a ‘senior card’
to purchase ‘senior tickets’ this April !

eligibility Those seniors who

have paid class dues for the past 4
semesters-The payment of past
class dues, IS possible at this time.

which should be paiditn W)

 

 

 

 

____.’__.1

Editor’s
Aspect

u i guess splint} is .tliunst llL'it'. It

SUCIHS i’vtfty yiftll spring innit». tip and

the uric thing l'iit more concerned
.ibntit than illiVlltlllti clsu is Lilitlllt'l i‘uurscs ()ii
ly this semester I'iu grutlutiting. tintl tint ability in
(imp/nth! hits lit-cit drastically iUtlltt't'tl chcrA
tht'lt-ss. suint‘tlnngi still huthuis tilt! about this tit-
itigllitt subict't Why tint-s nut lniitl .ttliitiiit5ti.i~
tinn linvc .tppinsinmicly ltittL’ itintitci t'nuiscs il
they know that about lilll' llltiLl «it the srliiml ls
litltllit'tlllytitiiliti nwt lllL'lt sitting rims arln-rlnles
in tii(ll‘l tn lll-il(t‘ up tut lmi ui tll'bliUUl’tl
t'it'tllts" Wlitit hitthuis ltit‘ littmi is illt‘ [art “it”
many st-iitcsti'i [it‘ttlill' ttiitc unitstrs ﬁllt'll its
(Thinch Cultiiii' in Knlku «Ii Rllbbhlll Litt'nttuic
without (HIV tlt'stit- tn lcniii .iiiylhingi lltiltl thtl
course. It is ltllkl'll simply in vinihlt' llii' slurlnnt
in graduate on time, (ll tiit'Vt'til ill|’ stinlt'nt
limit lttiVIIiti to itiluv mum-s nwt lln' summer
There titt‘ lwti itpliuns lll’lt' Wliti it i nnw huuihly
llllt‘l tin,- SilNYA .itiiiinustiutiitit i)()llt'i
(llitillt’l t'uiitst's ill must nitntm t‘nutws bill it its
(iciiiiini lixini-ssnniiaiit tlI illt’ Aits will «in llit'
(:ttlllpiilt'l tinnin lltt ritual ll hv only trims in the
(‘ltl‘ah lwit'i', illltl lllt'lll‘w nut lllt' ililtlll'llll ()ttt‘
t'tiuiw iii t'ilill lliiillll Will tlll \t'uittlois hit the
hilltlL‘lll. illill thr- innit-wit ilt.ti tmrhos it run
ll'i'l [‘lliplllill \Ullt’il ‘ill stiitlt'ntu wlltiw itii iii tin,-
class 2) Alltiw rill slinh'itls in giimliiuti' with 117
t'it-tlils llibitftltl til lift) This Will until in tlt'i'il'tIS'
liig llll’ luck «if llilt‘tL'Hi llt illly lliiriilt‘l tittitst'
Unfortunately. iltl‘u Will unly mutt lni ttlllilll 2
ycnrs; until sititlL‘ttiH siuit ilt‘lilllﬂ uswl in the
itlL'rt that they nuctl ll7 «ictliis iii gut out nl
ltclc, Then professors will hunt iliingis \llt'll .is.
"I linIVc 1M cit-this itlttl iiiin ner Si in
girttlutitc I)lt'\'L‘l
i’cihiips iltblt’dtl til Ik‘tilltllitillitl iitiiiw listings
illltl tL’L‘UiI‘L‘lttclllN. \w Hlltlllltl lt'l’Mtllllllt' why
we riot into ilit' tluspcintv tll'tlllt‘lllit' stilt-tiltilis'
that we (in. Will) tiii we put lllt' liltlltlt' tilt) Is it
will t‘VL‘l iitttt'iisiiiti lit/IIIUNH in llit' whnlt' tllil
cunt ill rILtHlt‘lliiil" lit) inust Ill liﬁ t'tiillt‘ in col
legit hi'ctitist' “t' tiiily winttt'il lll 5101 till triliii'ti-
lltJli. tiiitl «Expand Hill .iuuiii'iii‘sws, In is In
please innin rtlttl (lint til it; get .i high paying
tub? The next two l‘sHliL’s ill Aspt't'ls tilt‘ tlt'\‘l)lL‘(l
to The l'ltilllt’ ()l lltlumitnn, [minim they will
utter sonic tithWt'lS and in .iliciimiivcs This
week we have lutuwil tttl lllt' issncs til the
liuniiinitius and the business ultiml, next week
we will limit in illt‘ intiil st It‘tlt us tltltl the social
SCICHI‘CS
In tiny new. it still ls ulnnisi spiinri ('tljtiy
the good \Vt‘rtllit‘l. .nttl mtw up iltnsc cuts in
play lrishcc until Init' April itllll Muy

Debbie Millman

’ ml“ fWWe-Jiwm-w.” »-v.‘t'7‘~” ’;

 

 

 

/" \f
>.

>

D

3 l’

 

 

 

Cutter Photograph

by Will Yunnan

 

 

\

4a-5a:

sound & vision: ‘
Peereboom finds Alvin Lee
out of time: those [the cable
folks drop a bombshell on
Chris and Bob; The Divinyls
attack as the Australian inva-
sion continues: Greenfield
finds feet with taste. variety
and creativity.

 

6a-7a:

centerfold:

Humanities and business, an
unlikely pair. come together
in lllt‘ first of a two part
St’l‘ll's, Carroll wrestles iuitli
that age-old question - "Are
lltt’t‘t’ ruully jobs for
humanities majors?" Mean-
ltlltllt’. business just keeps on
booming.

 

8a-l 0a:
perspectives:

lfciel sees God while Teri
takes a sauna: not about to
leave business schools in the
centerfold, Sclnnitz looks
from a different perspective;
spring causes Lisarine to
forget about Movies and
remember (lit 0ch aquain-
twice,

12a

zendgame:

th Pudz zcck zhat ever
elusive equalibrium.

 

 

inlroopcclluc 3a

11>: (n‘iOTﬁECn)

-

 

 

community address.

 

 

 

 

"w sandman...

Nuclear Study

The University Committee on Nuclear
Studies and Aspects are planning to devote
the entire April 29th issue to the subject of
Nuclear Armament. We are therefore call-
ing upon all members of the University
Community to contribute essays, fiction,
poetry, bearing on the crisis. The deadline
for submissions is April 8th. Send contribu-
tions to H.C. Staley, Humanities 346.
Please remember to include your name and

 

 

if

Word On A Wing

But such is the irresistable nature
of truth, that all it asks, and all it
wants is the liberty of appearing.

-Thomas Paine

. . .the wise man looks into space,

at i. does not regard the small as

too little, nor the great as too big;

for he knows that there is no limit
to dimensions.

-Lao-Tse
We don’t need no education,

We don't need no thought
control. . .

 

 

-Pink Floyd

   

