 

 

 

 

. «a? a2. -:

 

We ’re Here!

The Class Council of
1986

President Gil Meyer

Vice President Adam Schwartz
Treasurer Eric Schwartzman
Secretary Michele Ketchman

Executive Council

Mike Miller
Evan Nader
Sal Perednla
Maureen Flyan
Beth Stevens
Sue Tralger
lrwln Welnstein

Sharon Cassuto
Mike Cavanagh
Cindy Davis
David Hoppey
John Labate
Karen Laporta

if you have any suggestions or
questions, contact us thru the
SA mailbox!

Meetings will be held every
other Thursday beginning Feb.
'24 in CC370.

  

  

     

mam CAMPUS ASSOCIA TION
PRESENTS '

* SHOCOLATE , ck

HOMEMADE av on: CAMPUS
STUDENTS.

A VAILABLE' IN CAllﬂ’US CENTER LOBBY.

FEBRUARY9TH& 10 TH-
GET SOME FOR VALENTINES DAY!

      
     
    

 

‘I’EhE‘I’HON
(GENEBHI: mamas?
MEETING

tonight 8 pm
Itia not too late to get involved in Telethon’83
Help us help the kids of Wildwood School,Camp

opportunities and NE chapter of Neurofibromatosis!

Tuesday Feb 8th L023

 

 

 

 

 

 

NAG
PECIAL OLY

WILL BE HELD AT
SUNY ALBANY
THIS JUNE .

ARE YOU MERESTED
ﬂV GETTING INV 0L VED?

THERE WILL BE

INTEREST MEETING

THURSDAY FEBRUARY 10
7 pm. LC. 22

 

 

4 *
t c 0M, * I
1 “Egghngm l/COIIPOOK
 Thursday’s with *
‘E HalitUIClEHilvﬂiEIlE
* .
*

 

TICKETS & INFORMATION
¥ AVAILABLE 1N cc LOBBY (10-4)

EVERY TUES., WED., & THURS.

 

* SALES&PR0MOTIONS';l3 --
"Ti

*

 

 

ALL WELCOIIE J

.  Inks.

 

.,.,,wun'mwm..mimaimuw. mmnvwimwmwimm “mm,NMﬁeMWAWWMMTHVML a”),wa I .

 

curs-them, ,- - . .  . ,  ‘ r ,

 

 

GSPA offices transfer downtown

By Anthony Silber
EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

in a move to consolidate the
branches of the newly formed
Rockefeller College of Public Af-
fairs and Policy, the Graduate
School of Public Affairs has
relocated its headquarters to the
downtown Draper campus.

Since the beginning of this
semester the faculty and slaffof the
GSPA, which includes the depart-
ments of political science, public af-
fairs, and‘ public administration
have moved their ofﬁces and other
facilities to Milne Hall. Previously
the GSPA was located uptown bet-
ween the library and the Business
Administration building.

According to GSPA Acting Dean
lrcne Lurie, the transfer was made
because ofthc recent creation ofthe
Rockefeller College and the need to
locate all the schools under its
auspices in one place. Rockefeller
College includes the School of
Public Affairs, the School of
Criminal Justice, and the School of
Social Welfare.

Chairman of the Political Science
department Alvin Magid, said,

Evangelists call
Rock and Roll
Satanic influence

 

By David Gacdc
COLLEGE Miss-s SIER m1:

Former University of Maryland
student Sharon Sadeghian 'was ner-
vous as she stood in front of the
school's Hornbake Library on an
October morning last semester.

Flanked by three friends holding
hammers and record albums, she
bravely told the crowd of 2(X)
before her. "The Lord is giving the
all the strength I need."

Moments later, after evangelist

Tom Short preached that “rock 'n
roll leads to death," Sadcghian
began smashing a Led Zeppelin
album with a hammer. liy the time
site and her friends were done
dozens of records were shattered on
the library steps.
Preacher Greg Anthony an-
nounced his visit to the University
of Washington with handbills ask~
ing, “Could it In that someone is
trying to brainwash you through
your stereo or the cassette recorder
that's plugged into your‘car?"

Rock 'n roll, it seems, is getting
some hard knocks on campuses
from coast to coast from Bible-
waving, record-burning evangelists
warning students of what Anthony,
for one, calls music's “Satanic in-
ﬂuence." '

Almost out of the blue last term,
the preachers began showing up on
campuses everywhere.

Georgia evangelist Billy Adams,
for instance, has destroyed over
$200,000 in rock vinyl “because it
preaches the use ofdrugs, illicit sex,

- the occult and rebellion."

Adams preaches on campuses
throughout the south, often playing
music by AC/DC, Kiss and The
Beatles to prove his point.

Jed Smock, perhaps the dean of
the campus circuit riders, has
recently added rock‘n roll to his
already-impassioned anti-sex and
drugs sermons at schools from
Virginia to Kentucky to New Mex-
ico State.

Illinois State students got to hear
a last-minute debate in November
between Jefferson Starship guitarist
Paul Kantner and local minister
Wesley Ates. Kantner had arranged
the debate after Ates had urged
students to boycott a Starship eon-
cert and “burn you Starship records
on the front steps of the cour-
thouse." Ll

"Given the considerations, the
move was necessary, although l'm

" ' about it." Magid said
The idea was to create an institu-
tionalfocal point for public policy
at the Rockefeller College.

Under the new arrangement,
graduate level courses in GSPA will
be taught downtown, and
undergraduate classes will meet at
the uptown campus.

One major concern for both
Lurie and Magid is the now-
neccssary‘ shuffle for faculty and
staff between campuses. in addition
to classes, faculty members must
spend office-hour lime uptown in
order to be available to
undergraduates who need advice or
information. Magid explained that
a regular schedule has been set up,
and faculty members each commit
three hours a week uptown.

Regarding the problems created
by the new arrangement, Magid
said, "Commuting is inconvenient,
but it can be managed. We've been
here two weeks and it‘s working so
far with a lot of cutting and pasting.
Except for one person, everyone's
made their hours."

Asked about the effects the move
would have on students' ability to
meet with advisors, Luric said,
“We hope the contact office is
working. We want to meet their

“hawks-.-” . . , .. . .._,_.. ,.

FEBRUARYd, 1983 El ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 15

/ ... ,

needs there." Lurie encouraged
students to use the contact office
for all types of adviCe. Magid con-
curred. explaining that although the
two campuses would not deny any
student advice, the uptown contact
office would emphasize
undergraduate usage, and the
downtown office would advise
primarily graduate students.

Faculty members have
acknowledged being inconvenienc-
ed with the move, but cautioned
against over-stating the situation.
Political science Professor John
Gunncll said, “i don't find com-
muting very difficult. The bigger
problem is the adequacy of facilities
for meeting students uptown."

Students have apparently not
been having too much trouble with
the situation, although one political
science major confessed to mixed
feelings. .loan Phillips said, “it is a
large inconvenience for the
students. if a teacher‘s now reduced
hours here interfere with your
schedule, you can't see them. But,“
she said, "it really doesn't affect me
that much. My teacher is here all
the time."

Office hours are held at the con-
tact officc in the old GSPA location
from 9 am. to 3 p.m., Monday
through Thursday, and from 9 am.
to l2 pm. on Friday. D

a~.. .

 

Albany‘s
Move was made in an effort to locate all the schools in one place A ‘ i, t

campus

 

T RER NEEDED
FOR

TELETHON ’83
ﬂ *

HELP US HELP THE KIDS!
IF INTERESTED CALL
EILEEN 465-3033
BETSY 465-1986

 

 

report.

or Brian Fusco.

 

Nuclear Power In New York State: This project will be conducting a survey of all nuclear power plants in the
state. The survey will include the operational status of all plants, cost of function, costs to the consumer of
replacement energy during down-time, and percentage of time that plants are non-operational. Work will include
surveys, interviews, data collection and compilation, and the actual writing of the report. Contact Becky Bassin

Acid Rain: The Acid Rain Project will continue to work on educating the campus and community by sponsoring
films, lectures, teach-ins and monitoring the rain and snow to indicate levels of acidity in our precipitation. The
project will also begin a campaign aimed at the five major utilities in New York State who are planning for coal
conversion without emmlsslon control devices in nine of New York's power plants. Lots of people are needed to
work on both the campaign and the on-golng educational program. Contact Michael (Jake) Glacobblo.

Recycling: The Recycling Proje
collection bin where the paper
voive the work of two to four poop

COME TO THE NYP-IRG

General Interest Meeting

l I I .

NYPIRG Spring 1983 Protect List at
Dloonnamonthllitary Spending: High unemployment. high deficit spending, and massive military arms build-up '
have caused New Yorkers Increasing concern for their future well being. The project here at Albany will be work-
lng on an economic feasibility study for Jobs With Peace In New York State. Work on this project will entail
research, public forums, coalition buildingI and local lobbying for resolutions on military spending. Other local ‘
projects will be worked on as the opportunity arises. Contact Gary Welskopf or George Howard.
Citizens Utility Board (CUB): CUB would be a state-wide, voluntarily funded, citizen controlled, organization that
will represent the interests of utility consumers on electric, gas, and telephone Issues (Le. rate increases, over-
constructlon, Inefficient production, etc.)

This year, we will be bringing the CUB bill to the legislature for the spring session. The focus of the CUB
campaign this semester will be to make the program visible to the public through a publicity blitz and an inten-
sive lobbying effort. So If you can't bear the continual rise In your monthly utility bills. join CUB and the fight
against the abuse and mlausoa of your money. Contact Bernie Bryant.

Toxic: — Drinking Water Contamination:Worklng with Albany's Citizen's Alliance, we will continue research in-
to local landfills aimed at obtaining information on possible toxic contamination. We will also institute health
surveys and water analysis to ascertain whether there is assimilation of toxic substances into local drinking
water. Contact Danny Filao.

Rape: The Flaps Project. a newly formed project, conducted a survey of rape crisis faclltles in the Capital District.
.The project will work on the distribution of the findings of this survey, including public speaking and media coor-
dination. People will also be needed to aid NYPlRG's work on Marital Rape legislation. a new area of involvement
.for NYPIRG. Contact lrene Basterl or Judy Cook.

Anti-Nuke Project — Hot Highways: The group will continue work on a study entitled Hot Highways begun last
fall. This study concerns emergency preparedness of nine counties along Route 87 for nuclear waste spillage ac-
cidents. Students will be needed to do interviews, data collection and summation, report writing, and media
outreach. Upon completion, the group will hold a press conference to announce Its findings and will publish a

ct basically Involves the collection of all types of paper products. Each quad has a
Is picked up and taken to a recycling center. The pick-ups are made weekly and in-
to. We also need people for media related areas. Contact Mark Turrlsl.

wed. Feb 9 7:30 LC 5

Wine and Cheese will be served
Guest Speaker

 

 

    

nwaaccwttlcfmélri, L.€.:W:ae-c.ia”tu.»i .1. .

megawatt... “Linr. .21 F vi hams??? y‘, .3 L . ’ ‘x H
.. . . "Li .U. .1 '

l

