 
 
 

EDITORIAL

t Kent State students felt so strongly about the Viet-
nam issue that blood was actually shed. At Albany
State students did not even feel strongly enough
about the Central America issue to attend a teach-in.
Perhaps it is true that the issues in Central America are
not exactly parallel to those of Vietnam. But the fact re-
mains that an array of films. speakers. and discussions were
available for three days on the issues of this volital part of
the world and very few Albany students found the time to
attend. '

One of the sessions was a forum on Women and the War
in Central America. Yanira Chacon. a Salvadoran woman.
was present to share her experiences with women iii the
U.S. She said that she feels certain the Salvadoran women
will play an active role in any Salvadoran government after
the struggle ends because of their essential involvement
before and during the Revolution.

The truth of Chacon's statement is yet to be seen.

 

 

Where were you?

However. it seems that more than six people of this univer-
sity should be interested in knowing the tactics of AMES
(The Salvadoran Women's Association), the struggles they
are in. and the reasons behind Chacon's strong convrctions.

There were sessions that drew'crowds of up to a hundred
people. but this hardly reflects the energy with which
students responded 20 years ago to what they considered er-
rors in the policies of their government. Perhaps there was
only a handful of people at the ﬁrst teach-in on Vietnam.
before our own soldiers started getting shot . is that what
we're waiting for?

Today's students do not live in the past. bttt they should
have the wisdom to see that the Reagan Administration
does. Although the conflicts are in different parts of the
world. many of the same errors are being made. The US.
invasion of Grenada and the continued backing of the
rightist dictatorship of El Salvador are giving many people
a gnawing feeling of “deja vu". '

The organizers of the teach-in obviously saw similarities

between the situations in El Salvador and Vietnam. in fact
they scheduled a session of testimonials on Vietnam. This
was a chance for faculty and students to share titeir views
during the Vietnam era and the similarities between tltttl
period and today.

Maybe we are all sick of hearing ltow great the sludcttts
of the '60‘s were. They didn't have all the problems [hm
students of '80's are facing. anyway. Or maybe their hasn't
been enough bloodshed to really get a student movement
off the ground. Maybe we need to see our draft numbers
come up.

More concretely. maybe the poor attendence of the
teach-in was due to ineffective advertising. Or. as an op
timistie organizer suggested. perhaps there were just too
many events scheduled during the course of three days.

Maybe there are too many maybes.

Whatever the reason is. the real question we all must ask
of ourselves. and of caclt other. is do we have something to
say about our government policies? And can we view in..."
in an historical context. so that we may react to them before
they cost any more lives? if the answers to these questions
are yes. then maybe we should start learning. t

 

 

" COLUMN

World policy reform

Should the advanced nations of the world reform their
policies toward developing countries? if so. in what direc-
tion should they be reshaped? if not. what will he the
ultimate outcome of mankind?

These important questions have bccn debated for cert-
turies while the relationship between advanced nations and
developing countries has steadily worsened. The British in~
vasion of the Falkland islands. lsraeli invasion of Lebanon.
United States invasion of Grenada. Vietnamese invasion of
Cambodia. French invasion of Chad. and the Soviet inva-
sion of Afghanistan indicate that policy reform between
underdeveloped and developed countries is inevitable.

Gerry Rolley

it is unfortunate and extretneiy remorsefui that over 200
Americans must die needlessly before the Reagan ad-
ministration criticaily reevaluates it's policies in the Middle
East and elsewhere. As with most other Americans. l
sincerely sympathize with those families whose sons were
brutally massacred in Beirut. Lebanon. This outrageous
catastrophe may have been avoided only if the Reagan ad-

ministration had abandoned the “big stick policy."

In dealing with burdensome global problems. the US.
government should neither be optimistic or pessimistic. but
realistic. The stronger and more advanced nations must
reform their economic and foreign policies with developing
countries simply to alleviate misery and to avoid and-or
delay World War lll. And why is this 50? Because the peo-
ple of the underdeveloped world are disillusioned.
dissatisfied. and disenchanted by the constraints placed on
them by their stronger neighbors. They are actttally fed up.
they are to the poirtt of frustration witcrc they begin to feel.
"What do we have to lose?" When you get to that point.
you are the type of person who can create it very dangerous
explosive atmosphere.

This type of attitude now prevails itt such troubled
regions as Lebanon and iii Salvador. anti is gaining
momentum in places such as the Philippines anti ’ttkistan.

The advanced natiotts of the world practically control the
economic reins of all developing countries. \thther
through loans, equipment and machinery. military
assistance. tccltnical expertise. or coerced special favors.
developing nations are somewhat like orphan children with
nowhere to go. It is often asserted that the multinational
corporations play a significant role in assisting in the
development of poor countries. This worn-out myth has
been challenged and unearthed many times. There is ir-
refutiblc conclusive evidence that the number one goal of
the multinational corporations is to maximize profits and
minimize wages; resulting itt massive starvation.
unbelievable health hazards. and wretched living condi-
tions. Moreover. the United Nations tenacioust tries to
eliminate economic misfortune in the deveIOping countries.
only to be restrained by legalities. loopholes. and guidelines
established by wealthier countries. Benevolent public and
private agencies. such as the Peace Corps. Operation
Crossroads. Student Exchange Programs. (‘are. World
Hunger lnc.. etc.. have been criticized for being
hypocritical. overly bureaucratic. conscious saving. and
strongholds for spies. Hence. their usefulness is neither felt,
or desired by developing nations.

The advanced nations of the world must rcl'ortn thcir
economic policies soon. Some sort of measure is needed to
redistribute the world's wealth equitably. Whether such a

 

 

radical equitable arrangement can be reached — at least .

within the next several, years -— is open to serious doubt.
it is now evident that economic specialists from all coun-
tries. not just Europe. must participate equally in solving
the world's economic crisis. Economic views. opinions.
and policies which drastically effectthe entire world cannot

be formulated by special interests. There can be nothing httt
world chaos and confttsion as long as such a strange ilr~
rangement exists. No one is going to stand still very long
when he knows he is being exploited. particularly when he
has no input whatsoever into the decisions which effect his
livelihood. Once a person realizes he is being used.
manipulated. and dcgradatcd. the worst fortn of hostitlity
erupts within him. This person. at this particular moment.
could care less about laws. morals. ethics. or nuclear
missles. When the advanced nations analyze this fact.
perhaps we will see less bombings. massacres and invasions.
The world's present economic arrangement breeds hat red.
nourishes nationalism. and provokes wars. The people in
the developing countries have been treated like beggars,
burns. and "nobodys" long enough. It is time for the ad-
vanced nations to reevaluate and revise their economic
pottctes towards developing countries and permit them to
have concrete input into their own economic future.

The foreign policy of the Reagan administration, as with
other developed countries; is similar to its economic
policies —— scary and dangerous. Our present government
has entangled us in a conﬂict on every side of the globe.
with the greates disaster (so far) being in Lebanon. it is time
for the American people to get off of their knees and une»
quivocally demand the Reagan administration to pull US.
interest out of regions that are hostile towards us. This is
not rctrcatism but common sensism. For example. what can
be gained from the adminsitration's support of the racist
and barbaric regime of South Africa? A place where you
may be hung for simply stating the word democracy. Why
should we go-ahead and give Marcos of the Philippines 900
tnillion dollars when lhe citizens over there are burning
American flags and sticking pins in dolls of Ronald

chgutt'! And in Central America. the Reagan administrth
tion is playing all kinds of games with Nicaragua and l |
Salvador — scckittg to overthrow one government ululc
supporting the otiter. What kind of democracy is this? lhe
Reagan administration‘s foreign policy must be reformed
not only because it supports dictatorships around the
world. tnore importantly. it enhances the potential for [he
further spread of communism.

The foreign policy of the Reagan administration is
vague. ambiguous. and obscure. it lacks consistency and
constructiveness as vividly displayed in war torn Lebanon
and Grenada. Congress is always at odds with the atti~
ministration and is confused on how to handle the "John
Wayne" type of foreign policy it exhibits. This securineg
aimless foreign policy confuses other superpowers. hel'tttl-
dies our neighbors. and nurtures international distrust.

So where do we go from here? Surely not back to some
drawing board — we are ill the mist of a world revolution
where full scale nttclear war may erupt at any moment.
Perhaps we should say a quick prayer; but. by the time we
bend our knees it may be too late. The- present U.S. tid-
ministration. along with other advanced nations, must ‘tlrr
ingently reevaluate the economic arid foreign policies it put-
sucs. Then reform these policies in conformity “lill
humanism. not Republicanism. America will no longer he
recognized as the “land of the free" and “home of the
brave". but will he stigmatized as the "land of the
freeloader" and “home of thc bully". if policy reform does
not materialize soon. The Reagan administration tmtu
reform these policies within the principles of reason and ill
consistency with the facts of meaningful social and
behavioral sciences.

 

 

s‘“

\\\
\s
«\“‘¢
\\\‘

\\
. gags
\\

.‘x\\\\\\

\\\\\““‘

\

 

\.

:‘ 

/

\w

\\\
\

\\
'“\\\\\\\\

\

\\

\\‘~\

     

tittitibt.Ai|\EEGO- REAGAN mess trim Mg ,
ANYMORQ, so “a gem. ME wwwmqlmeacms Lites

w

5\.\\““

0- V " '
‘ {'qafy

 

#3

 

 

0.... .... . ... -. t... ..,.........,........r .. .1 .n»- .....r... .7“..- .._‘.._-~....._..._...m-W

 

Wilson Thomas _.
looks to fly
high in 83-84

 

 

