   

 

tALBAN l'._STUDEN7.‘ PRESS t _t- APRIL ‘19. .1983
' I 0.00.... 0..........

 

and

   University "Concert Board ‘

present

Diversi in Music Part II
............ROCK............
Jorma Kaukonen (Solo)

   

Wednesday,
April 20th,

P AtH II
a e a
g at 8:00pm

Tickets:
 Tickets are available in the 0.0. Lobby from 10am -
; 4pm and at Strawberries in Colonie, Albany, and Sideg

One Records. Call 457 -8390 for more information.

.0. 000...... 0... 0.0.0.0. .000 ... 0.0.0....000.00................0.0.0.0

ATTENTION SENIORS

Would you like to be the student speaker
at Commencement Exercises?

   

O‘.

 

If so,‘ the Class of ’83 is now accepting
speeches for consideration.

Topic: “Welcome to Commencement”
Time Limit: 5-5 minutes
Deadline: April 25 12 l‘ioon

/ S.A. Office
Class of ’85 Mailbox

 

Each entry will be judged by a committee
' consisting of faculty, administrators, and
students. Finalists may be asked to give an
oral presentation Tuesday evening, April
26. Please have the speech typewritten.

 

$5.00 SUNYA Students. $7.00 Public

SA Funded

0 0.000.600

  

 

  

  
   
  
  
  
  
  
   
 
  

 

“mar-mad. 1

    

.. w”... ......-.,-...........»... ,7. W

, APRIL 19, I983 ti' ALBANY'STUDENTPRESS 5

urvey anticipates improved outlook for grads

 

85" Liz Reich
mrrr warm:

 

Seniors pursuing their ﬁrst job may be encouraged by the
ﬁndings of an Employment Outlook Survey conducted by
Manpower inc.. a temporary service firm. The Survey
predicts a sharply improved job situation during the next
three months. However. Director of Career Planning and
Placement John Alexander warns students not to get lul|e_d
into a false sense of security by the survey results and to
maintain a persistent job search.

The survey polled more than “.175 employers in 34R
U.S. cities and predicts.“that a significant number, 2|
percent. at firms plan to hire additional workers during the
second quarter of 1983 (April. May. June). while the pace
of staff reductions will diminish dramatically.“

"Nationwide. the 2i percent ofcmployers planning to in-
crease staff size represents the highest level since i98l. For
the second quarter of l982. 9 percent irrrd planned staff ad-
ditions. btrt this was dulled by t] percent ol'tlre respondents
who expected staff cutbacks. Companies tltat will decrease
employment fell front last year's i3 percent to it percent this
year. the lowest level since WRO. Also. ()9 percent plan no
changcs for the next three months and 2 percent are unsure
of their plans. Last year. 65 pcrccrtt planned no changes in
staff lcvcls rtrtd .1 percent were unsure of their plans." ac-
cording to lvlanpowcr’s findings. Manpower. lnr' isa tern-
porary sctvicc firnr based itt Milwatrkcc. Wisconsin which
employs 700,000 people. 'l‘hc survey was tit-\clopcd in l976
by the University of Michigan. according to rrraupowcr
spokeswoman Kathy Roggc-Auas. it is based upon
telephone interviews with over “.175 ptrblic and private
employers in 348 U.. cities. u'i'hc businesses surveyed arc
the same ones every year." Rogge-Anas said. "They were
chosen as a representative sampling of businesses nation-
wide by the si/c and tuttttrc of the company." The survey
polls employers frotn If) different ctnployrrrcrtt sectors.

Manpower President Mitchell S. l"r’ontstcin attributed
the survey results to a cautious btrt still very solid rise irr
business confidence. He said, “The most dramatic irn—
provcmcnt irt job opportunities is expected to occur irt
those sectors which were hardest hit dttrittg the recession ——
construction and manufacturing of durable goods.
.lobscckcrs in the troubled Midwest are likely to find a
rntrch improved job clirrratc with survey figures the best
reported for that region of any quarter dtrrittg the past three
years."

The survey predicts trtajor improvements in tire finance.
insurance attd real estate sectors. and iii wholesale and
rctail trade. it also claims that the manufacture of nondura~
bic goods. the transportation and public utilities sectors
artd education are improving. but to a lesser degree than the
former groups. it fttrtltcr says geographic regions where the
rccc sion hit hardest are expected to show the sharpest im-
provement. For instance. the Midwest reported the largest
gain itt ctnployrncrtt opportunities. Southern jobseckcrs are
likely to firtd an improved job climate. but not as
dramatically improved as the Midwest. in the Northeast
and West. an expected upward rnoverrretrt in job prospects
based on seasonal factors is predicted. btrt the upswing is
no greater than the 'urvey reported last year at this time.

The survey predicts a dramatic sc sortal increase itr hiring
in the construction irrdrrstry. NattonallLM percent of

 

 

 

*— r .t . Awe:
$tuden_t_s at graduation last year.

.lulis:fri/‘cciiavtinndﬁhil (lulu/mural. \[Ii/iilt.

cmployets polled in this sector plan to lritc additional
workers iii the next tltrec months compared to .10 percent
with similar intentions last year, Ten percent expect reduc-
tions as opposed to iii percent last ycttr. arid 53 pcrccttt platt
no changes in staff levels. as opprrsctl to lttsl year when 4‘)
percent piarrttcd no changes in staff levels.

A further decline in thc number of cutbacks is expected
by manufacturers for the xccond quarter of 1083. The
ntrrrrbcr of durable goods manufacturers planning on ad-
ditional workers itt tltc next three months. 24 pcrcertt. is the
highest since the fourth quarter of l‘)til. Three times as
tnatry employers in the Midwcsl ptarr to add staff as expect
reductions. arid the outlook is the best reported for any
quarter since the second quarter of iORt). Nationally. 9 per-
ccrrt of durable goods mttmtfactutcrs polled expect to ctrt
back workers. 65 percent plan no changes. and 2 pcrccnt
are unsure. Last year. 20 pcccnt planned to increase staff.
lﬁ percent expected reductions. 60 percent expected tto
change and 4 percent were unsure.

Manufacturers of non-durable goods also report all int-
provcd crrrployrrrctrt otttlook. with 20 percent plarttring to
increase staff. 8 pcrccttt expecting reductions, 0‘) percent
planning tto changes and 3 pcrccttt unsure of their plans.
Last year. i9 planned to add workers. ll percent predicted
reductions. 66 percent platrrtcd no changes and 3 percent
were unsure of their plans.

Hiring strength iii the finance. insurance anti real estate
sectors is also predicted to be tltc strongest in over two
years. Natiortwidc. 21 percent of employers polled plan to

  

    

' WILL VURMAN ops

ltir'c additional wotch while only 6 percent expect cut-
back». Sewntyorrc percent plan no changes and 2 percent
are unsure of tltcir hit in)! plans. Southern employers predict
the most dramatic imprmcrncnt in the job outlook for this
sector. there. 2‘) percent plan to hire staff while only 2 per-
cent expect reductions.

’l'lrc sutxcy also predicts an improvement in wholesale
and retail trade. Nationwide. 6 percent of merchants polled
cxpcct staff cutbacks as opposed to 12 percent last year.
('urrcutly, 2.1 percent plan to hire additiotrnl workers dur«
itrg the next three months. Sixty-nine percent plrtrr no
changes and 2 percent are unsure of their plans. Last year
20 percent planned to increase staff siIe. 65 percent planned
no change and 3 percent were unsure of their hiring plans.
A decline in cutbacks is reported by transportation amt
ut' ‘ 'cs employers according to the survey. Seventeen
percent plrrrr to expand staff si/c while to percent expect
cutbacks. last year to percent predicted layoffs. Thc South
and West report the highest rurrrrbcr ol'job opportunities irt
this sector.

l‘hc sctxicc sector was not as scyct'cly affected by the
recession as other employment sectors. btrt its ltirittg
strength is not cxpcctcd to return to normal levels before a
solid trend for inrprmcmcnt is established by the hard-hit
uutunfacturing sector's. according to Manpower. Overall.
23 percent of scrvi 'cnrployct's plrttr to expand staff sire. as
opposed to 24 percent last year. Arrotltcr 6 percent expect
reductions till(l (r9 percent platr no changes.

 

  

 

15>

 

 

 

liy llerre Weinstein
Slalll’ “Ii/HR

Tclcplcdgc. a telephone solic atiort program aimed at
altttntti. is b 'ng included as a principle l'undraising device
in the Univ sity‘s Annual i’trnd cartrpaigrr this semester.

The progratrr began as a short-term pilot program last
semester bill will be continued dttc to tire overwhelming
response it has received. according to (‘arol (‘ltts. the
assistant to the director of Resource Development arid
supervisor of the program.

licforc thc prograrrr was ptrt into effect. the university
solicited alumni by rrrail only. This rrrctlrod produced only
a two percent rttail return, according to ('las. a SUNYA
alumnus. 'l‘clcplctlgc‘s efforts last sctrrcslct‘ prodtrccd
$95,000 itr pledges and the administration is hopeful that
their goal of $l50.000 will be reached. An estimated
5545.000 has lrcctr pledged so far.

Altrrtrni who dorrrrtc money are givctr the opportunity to
designate tltc spccil'i ' area their pledge will support. Diane
(irinncil, rt fot'rncr caller. said the Anntral i’und includes:
the Library Development Fund. the (. ' rt Dunc Fund and
the Altrrnni l’rogratn Fund. All non-designated donations
are placed in the University l’rogrcss Fund. which uses its
tcsourccs for projects that the state refuses to tttrdcrwrrtc.
such as extra departmental support. speeches and
demonstrations.

in addition. alurrrni with a special interest cart designate
their money in that direction. for cxrurrpic. a specific
academic department. Most pledges tend. however. to
leave the decision rrp to the university.

According to (ins, detailed "lead" letters are first sent
to the alttrrrrri several weeks in advance of the telephone
call to explain the needs of the university. “it's rrruch

 

  
 

 

 

 

UN YA ’s ‘T elepledge’ drive dialing for dollars

harder to deliver a cold description of tire program on the
telephone." explained Clas.

The the good results are attributed. by (‘las. to the
unusualncss of the program. “People are not used to get-
ting tt call frotn SUNYA."

According to Lisa Payer. an economics major who
earns extra money as a student caller. “'l'hc people who
rrrtt Tclcplcdgc are very diplomatic and they give us a
loose structure on which to base our calls. We take it from
there."

“People are not used to
getting a call from
S UN YA. ’ ’
— Carol C/as

 

(lrinncll agreed. saying, "liasically we start off asking
tlrcttr what they ttrc doing now. We have some really nice
conversations. btrt we face rejection. too.“

After tltc telcpltotrc calls are made. fol|ow~up letters
and pledge cards are sent immediately to the alumni who
have rrradc contributions to the fund. ('Ias added. rrruil
solicitation is continued for those people who are
unreachable by telephone.

A test-run to solicit money from parents of cttrrent
students was done two weeks ago. according to Dr. Sor-
rell (.‘ltcsin. vice president for university affairs. Eight
lrttttdrcd parents of current seniors were called. Clicsin
said tlrrrt the “response was enormous. Forty pcrcertt of

thc pttlcttts pledged irntucdiatcly. ’i'hirty-t'ivc percent pro-
mised to contribute bttt could not give an exact arnoutrt ttt
tltc time." It is not known if the solicitation practice will
corttintrc.

Louis Schultz. art cxpcrt in the field of telephone
solicitation. was hired by tltc tttllttiltistt‘ttllott to establish
the Tclcplcdgc prograrrt. lie is now employed on a terri-
porary basis as a ad\isor to the project. He was
unavailable for corrrrrrcrrt.

Student caller's arc ctrrploycd lit the program because of
thc anticipated interchange ot ideas between former anti
ctrrr'crrt callers. "Some plcdgcrs graduated with the class
of Will." said (Ins. "and tire university has rcarlly chatty-
cd since then.“

The prograrrr was established with the irrtcrrtiort of
crrrployirtg the student caller‘s ittslctttl of seeking
volunteers. which has been done lit the past. According to
('lns, “'l‘hcrc is no way to tilt] something like this on a
volunteer basis." A voltrrrtccr program would work for
maybe two \vccks, but not for arty long tcrtrr period. (‘las
explained that this way enabled her to traitt the students
ttttd keep the good workers.

()f the 30 students employed. most have some sort of
telephone solicitation experience and have the ability to
respond quickly and ttrticulatcly. The ability to listen is
important. according to i’a/cr. "art average call crrn take
15 minutes. and if you get an alumnus who wants to talk
about the school. you can't cut them off. You have to
listen."

Clrts insisted that practically all major dcpurtrnertts are
represented through the students. "Tire only difference.
basically. is lit their approaches. Business majors tend to
Ire nrorc business-lik' and psychology more chatty arid
able to put people more at case." i l

 

 

 

