t

 

 

By Mark Levine
ASSDCM TE SPOR TS EDITOR

One thing is for sure: this weekend's Albany invitational
softball tournament will not begin today, as was originally
scheduled. Other than that fact nothing else is certain.

The tournament was supposed to get underway at 3:00
this afternoon, with Albany hosting Bingbamton in the
Danes' opening game. However. the inclement weather has

 

 

ED MARUSSICH UPS—
Left fielder Tracy Kirk will play a key role in the

Danes' bid to capture the Albany invitational.

F.

By Marc Schwar'.
.SIYHIIS I IIIIIM’

 

 

 

Tire Albany State Great Dane baseball
team's record is now 3-“. Three games
played and ti washed away because of the
weather.

Forget the fact that the Danes are 0-3.
Forget that they are only averaging an error
a game this season after booting 53 balls in
19 games last year. Forget that senior cat-
cher Jerry Rosen has ﬁve RBIs in three
games.

Now try to remember the last time
Albany played at University Field.

Forget? Understandable. it was Tuesday
May 5. l982. a l6«6 loss to Union.

Following Wednesday’s spring
snowstorm, the Danes are scheduled to
finally open their home season against
Capital District rival R.i’.l.. Tuesday.
However that game and others slated for
next week are in jeopardy.

 

 

“i don't anticipate being able to get on
the fields for at least a week." Director of
Physical Plant Dennis Stevens said. “We
need at least a week of sunshine and no rain
before the field is playable."

Even before Wednesday‘s snowfall.
tomorrow‘s scheduled doubleheader with
Colgate was in danger of being postponed.
Both the inﬁeld and outfield were soaked
and as late as Tuesday afternooti. there
were large puddles located on the dirt part
of the infield. Walking on the field was
treacherous and the basepaths were suitable
for mudbatlis.

“i think if the weather gets better, we will
get some home games in," Albany head
baseball coach Dave Haight commented.
“it all depends on the weather. that’s the
difficult part. it gets very frustrating."

Poor field conditions are not a new pro-
blow to University Field. Over the years
many games have been postponed or
cancelled because the' field was not

\

 

  

trams-as... .c. .. ..

Ram and snow puttin

playable. Several reasons combine to cause
the problem with the field. The location of

University Field is.the prime conspirator
against the Danes pliiying their allotcd
home games. The site of the diamond is one
of the lUWest points of the campus and is
adjacent to the lake. Water from other
parts of the campus rrrris onto the area
around the field. Combine that with the
poor drainage ability, and presto, bad field
conditions arise. '

Add to that the fact that the grounds

 

    
    

Softball team prepares for Albany Invitational

forced that situation to be abandoned. According to head
coach Lee Rhenlsh. a number of other possibilities do still
exist: -

> One alternative would be to postpone the games until
tomorrow. with the hope that the weather holds out and the
field stays in good enough condition to withstand an entire
day's play. This could become a problem for the players as
well, as each team is scheduled to play three games. By hav-
ing three games in one day there could be a problem with
fatigue on the part of the players, as they are more ac-
customed to playing a maximum of two games in one day.
Coach Rhenish discounted the possibility of making the
tournament run from Saturday to Sttriday. as the weather
forecast for Sunday "looks very had."

> The second alternative involves cancelling the tourna-
tnent and just playing either one game or a doubleheader
against liinghanitoit tomorrow afternoon. With Stony
Brook rind SUNY Buffalo being the other two learns it may
be too rttrrcii of a risk for their squads to make the long trip
frortr their respective schools without knowing l'or strrc that
the games will not be called ot'f. "With the long trip front
Stony lirook and Buffalo tircrc are a lot of complications.
There's the hotel reservations. the transportation, and the
money for food. We don‘t want them to come all the way
tip here unless we‘re sure the field is all right.” Rhenish
said.

> The final alternative would be to cancel the whole
weekend altogether. wltich Rhcnish is trying to avoid rrt all
costs. “We're trying to keep all the possibilities open." she
said. “Unfortunately. Wt: may not have a choice. This
would he one of the most important events for our learn
this season. and it may all just go to waste."

With the softball field in rtripluyable condition fora good
part of tire past week. ercnisli has been forced to bring her
practices indoors onto the hard wood floors of University
Gym. This area is more suited for John Dieckclrttun to be
practicing his jump sltot than it is for Rhcriish to have her
squad practice pitching and hitting. Obviously, sortie ad»
justnicnts had to be made.

"We've been downstairs in the liittittg cage every day
we've been inside," Rhenish said. “l'rn trying to get the
girls to keep their eye on the brill and practice making good

   
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
   
  
 

so mm
The unpiayable conditions at University Fluid have the Danes still tookinaliiinjiluiiya
their first home game this season.

crew for the athletics dcpartirrent has been
cut back over the past few years because of

hridget crunches and serious problems
begin to mount for the baseball rerun.
“Tiicrc are two tticn devoted to the Phys.
Ed department i'or grounds crew work.
Tltcy are augmented by fortr others duritig
times of heavy activity," Stevens said.
“We made every effort during the in-
tersession to get the ﬁelds r-ady. But We
could not get heavy equipment on the field.
We tried to hand rake the field rind aerate the infield, according to Director of

g
l

w... »c-tmu.£~n~w~h$nwueewv>llr\7t*A';IEV i.;._

  

APRIL 22, I983

 

contact. The main thing is jtist to stay loose and try to
relax."

One of the biggest disappointments suffered as a result of
the snow was the postponement of four games.The team
was beginning to weather up a storm of its own, as they had
won their last four in a row and seemed to be peaking with
the state playoffs only three weeks away.

After dropping their opening two games the defending
state champions got back on track by winning in dramatic
fashion against LcMoyne in the second game of ti
doubleheader on April 9. Albany scored three runs in their
last at-bat to win 7~6. as freshman Diane Fernanch provid-
ed the heroics with a two~out game-winning triple.

The contebrick win seemed to ignite the tenth, as they
proceeded to sweep a doubleheader from the Oneortta Red
Dragons three days lrttcr. Freshman Wendy Williams was
the star of the first grime, pitching a two-hit coriiplete game
as the Danes won 3-1. Albarty corttpletcd the sweep by trik—
irtg the niglttcap 6-l. as center fielder Carol Wallace had a
single and a triple and three runs batted iii. Freshman An»
drea l‘icconc pitched five innings to register her first win in
an Albany rrniform. giving up one rtrn on five hits before
getting relief bpr from Williams in the final two innings.

The Danes continrrcd their hot play with a 9-1 thrashing
of Union last ’l‘hursday. Williams pitched another two-hit
complete gariie arid left fielder Tracy Kirk had three ltlils,
while Wallace belted il lrortrcrttrr and a triple and raised ltct
batting average to a remit-leading .476. it was at that point
that Motltcr Nutttrc took over.

Wentltcr pcrtiiitling. Albany will ltave a very busy
scltcdrrle next week. Tuesday afternoon they play a
doubleheader at New l’ttltz. and Thursday they will travel
to Russell Sage for another doubleheader.

thcnish's tnaiti worry at this point is her team‘s ability to
withstand the inconvenience of plrryiiig indoors and not
competing in a game for eigltt days.

“My niairt concern right now is the motivation of my
players. ldoti't want tlrcrii to lose their competitive edge."
site said.

if Albany can forget about the recent misfortunes arid
gct brick to playing the way they did before the storms hit,
Rhenish will have nothing to worry about. t l

g damper on Danes ’ year

it, but it was just ti sea of mud." he added.
"The weather this spring has just been
tibortiinablc."

“l gttcss there isn‘t enough manpower to
adcqtintcly prepare all the fields,” llrrigltt
said. “Maintaining a baseball field reqtrircs
a lot of work. it‘s a big job. The guys
tlicrtrsclvcs are doing what tltcy cart. liut it
just doesn't seem to be getting arty bettcr."

Another problem with tltc varsity field is
that there is an improper mixture of soil irt

Physical Education and Recreation William
Moore. Moor- added that a summer pro-
ject to itttprove the baseball fields is in the
works.

“it is our intention to redo the varsity in-
field." Stevens said. “We will rcgrrrde the
infield. This means we will trike the existing
infield out and replace it with new layers of
still arid clay at tile proper mixtures."

Atiotlicr project to improve the playing
conditions is the rcsccdiitg of the outfield
grass. it was done last year and will be
repeated this year. accordirtg to Stevens.
The money for these projects has come
frotn the Repair and Rehabilitation l-‘urtd
used for maintaining the campus.

Stevens feels a major contributor to the
demise of the baseball field has been the
leagues that make extensive rise of the
SUNYA athletic fields dttring the summer.
“They show little responsibility when they
use the fields." he said. “They play when
they are still puddles in the infield and they
outfield is soaked. Their spikes chew up the
field into a sea ol' mud and there is no tirtie
for us to repair it. This makes it exceedingly
diffictilt for its to maintain the field for our
team's use.”

Stevens added that the leagues will not be
using the varsity field this summer while the
improvements are being prit in place.

Meanwhile, this year‘s edition of the
Danes is hoping this year will not be
remembered as the season that wasn't. Li

 

 

 

.ét

VOLUME LXX

 
  

 

 

 

 

 

ALBA
STUDENYT
PRESS

‘PUBLISHED AT THE STA TE UNIVERSITY OF NEW YORK AT ALBANY BY THE ALBANY STUDENT PRESS CORPORATION

Tuesday

April 26, 1983

 

 
 

   

NUMBER 2]

Recent rape spurs women to march in protest

 

 

 

 

By Amey Adams
5 I’d/“I” II'RII'ER

 

in it direct response to the rape on campus
April is. about 50 people. mostly women.
joined in a chanting protest that circled the
podium yesterday afternoon.

One of the organizers of the rally. Feminist
Alliance member Adrian Schrck.was impress-
ed witli the turnout at the rally, she said. cort-
sitlcrittg that it was organilcd very quickly by
tile Feminist Alliattcc over the wcckctid. She
noted that this rally was a forttm for women
to express their anger over rape.

There were several sp'akcrs at the rally.
along with the protesters. ()rtc speaker.
Feminist Alliance member Alexandra Carter.
stated. “We are not safe on campus, oii the
streets or ill ottr ironies. Women should be
aware of the dangers that face us."

(‘arlcr emphasized that women be aware
of the rape problem saying. “it is important
to rcincrttbci‘ that these things go oii till the
tittic. We don't always have iiilllCS to iciiiirtd
us." She stressed that women be {mar ' at all
times.

Sclrrck and other rttllicrs cvptcsscd a need
for better security on campus. “This was not
the only incident. Some things are never
followed up," said Stuccy Young. “We dc-
titaiitl accountability and ittcasurcs for pro<
Icction," she added.

Schrek pressed for n titorc effective securi-
ty system. and questioned the availability of
the patrol system. “Where are the patrols?
Where are those blue liglrl phones?" Schrck
said.

There are blttc ligltt emergency phones
located in nine or tell different locations.
several are lit pcrimctci' parking lots. one is
near the commissury. and one is near the
Western Avenue entrance, according to
Assistant Director of Public Safety .loliti
llcniglian. llcniglturt eitcotrragcd women to
walk witlt friends. adding that, "There is a
student patrol on call every night to escort
worncit if they cair't walk with their friends.
but it is rarely used."

Women protes

"We have to let people know we are not happy will: [Iii/lg.

 

at the beginning of the y to join training
groups to dcfctid themselves. The Public
 fety Department works iir cooperation
with the Women's Safety Task Force. which
offers training courses lil pioblctrt avoidance.
iteriiglrau ttotctl.

Scluck said that the escort service is not us»
ctl because uoittctt don't trust lltc escorts.
"There is no screening process. Men who
work for the escort service are not screened
or trained to deal with critcrgencics." otic
woman said.

ll ‘tt(l of the Stttdcttt l’utrol, .ioliri llayiicr.
said that members of tlic strident patrol corrtc
front the work-study prograrrt. Applicants
are interviewed for tire job, and the inter-

 

tVagalnst rape In a march around th podium

 

 

 

h
«N.

 

arr/[rev t r.

 

viewer makes sure the applicant is not a
“troublcirtakcr," llrtyncr said. Applicants
cannot be trtrrtcrl rlowir otherwise bccaisc
tltcy are part of work-study. according to
llnyrtcr. _

llrrynct stated that tile idea behind the stu—
dcttt prttiol escorting wotricrr is tltc "strength
in numbers" ctmr'cpt. No particular training
is given lo the pattollcrs. llayircr said. “The
idea is that till attacker will think twice before
attacking a pctstlil with a yellow iackct with
Strttlcnt l'trtt'ol on it."

“i would like to see the administration get
more concerned and respond,“ Schick said.
Student Association l’rcsidcitt-clcct Ricltard
Sclial'fct was at the rally and agreed wttir

  

so maussrcn uas’

.,.._._,.,.  . .L_ LLLHW _._..
Sclirck. saying. “i tltitik we should take the
services we linvc and improve on them. Tltcrc
has been tr lot ol' talk. btrt nothing has been
done." He rtotcd that, "the women have
marched. The administration should have
come out and spoken with them."

Dean of Student Affairs, Neil llrown, was,
unaware oftlic rttlly. bttt Stiltl that lie was trik-
itig steps to look at security on campus.
" l‘oiriglit (Monday) lvum going on campus to
look at the liglitiitg and see if anything else
can be doite." he added.

(‘ai'tcr emphasized that “the most posititc
thing is to make noise. Let people know we
are not happy with things as they are. We
have to make it kitowri." l l

Ilcnighatt said that he encourages students

 

Tltc United States is returning to policies and mistakes
of the past in trying to impose its will
on Central Arrtcrica, according to the First Secretary of
the Nicaraguan Embassy in Washington. Francisco
Carrrbell. He said other Latin Ameri-an experts were
featured at this weekend's conference. titlcd Central
America and the Caribbean: Crisis and Revolt. held iii the
Campus Center.

The ittairt objective of the conference was to "provide a
better understanding of the conflict iii the area," said
Acosta-Belem co-chairman of SUNYA‘s Department of
l’ucrto Ri‘an. Latitt American and Caribbean Stttdics
(PRLACS).

“There is a tendency to see it as art Fast/West conflict
between the U.S. and the Soviet Union," she said. "We
wanted to demonstrate that there are historical and social
reasons that have nothing to do with the East/West con-
lliet. Tltcse problcnts existed prior to the Russian Revolu-
tion of l9l7." explaitied Acosta-Belch.

Tire conference also focused on the diversity of the area
and the diversity of the area and its urtiquc problems.
Harvard University professor Orlando Patterson cxplttltt-
ed that lit rccetit years, it made sense to view the Carib-
bean area as a single entity because of crucial economic,
political and cultural problems.

According to Patterson. countries in the Caribbean
"face similar dilcnrmas and face them irt similar ways.
They fall in similar \ 'ays arid face failure in sirtiilrtr ways.
The basic idea of the Caribbean is an emerging orte." lie

added that “at one time it (viewing as one entity)
ninde no sense. but it is becoming increasingly incan-
ingful. particularly now."

Barry Levine ot‘ the Florida international University,
however. disagreed. “The Caribbean is art area of abun-

 

 

 

Conference offers insi

dartt variety. There is diversity in economic styles.
political institutions. rcligiotts preferences, language and
ctltttic traditions. and immigrant origins, and
cultural and artistic tiranifcstutiotis."

“it is also an area of conflict and change," said Levine.
"with border conflicts among neighboring states. conflic—
ting interpretations of the law of the sea. and much
domestic civil strife including cotips. civil wars. rind
revolutions."

These two views on the Caribbean are only part of tire
dichotomy with which outsiders view the tll'cii, according

 

:*
F.

“Reagan is seen as the
hatchet-man. . .he has no
real hope of defeating

the revolution. ”
— Susanne Jonas

Labor and Economic Crisis Institute

to Edrnrmtlo Destrocs. rt native of Cuba and author of
Memories of UnrlerrlcvelopinenI, who cited the two vi-
sions outsiders have of the Caribbean liasiu.

"The Caribbean is seen as the place where Europe
spends the winter." explained Dcsnocs, "Natives and
women tire part of the landscape. White men Wear planta-
tiort uniforms. Dressed all iii white, be this the world of
passion ill lils call." Dcsnocs claimed. “lie is reason. and
the Criribbcnrt is passion and instinct."

erilc the advertisers depict the (‘ttribbcau its a tropical
paradise, the news depicts the trtrirroil of tire area.

ght on a troubled region

l)csnoes said. To illustrate his point, be displayed an issue
of Newsweek magazine on the cover of which was a
photograph of a mart in air Salvadoran uniform with cap
ilii(l dark glasses holding a rifle. The ittside cover had an
airline ad with a woman iii "native" dress. arid
pliotogrnplis of sunny beaches and palm trees.

This dichotomy, said Dcsnocs, has existed since ('olum-
bus discovered the area anti called it the West lttdics.
Natives of tire Caribbean have been alternately viewed as
“noble savages" and cannibals.

Each speaker focused his discussion on one area ctrclr of
the Central Americnn/Caribberrn area. irrclrrding l’nerto
Rico, .laniai'a. Guatamalu, Costa Rica. and Nicaragua.
'l‘hougli noiic of the speakers chose to focus on lil
Sttluvador, it was referred to iii several of the talks.

Artothcr topic of discussion was U.S. ititcrvcritioii in
the area. chtali (iarica, an advisor on Environtitcntn.
Studies for l’ticrto Rico, discussed the (.‘ommonwcalth‘s
tie to the US. economy. (iarcia coirtcndcd. "the l’ucrto
Rican ttiodel is based on the itnportation of capital.
technology. raw materials. and science. All of this is
wrapped with the ideology that till good comes t'rorn out-
side. riotliirtg good front inside."

The cittphttsis, Garcia said, is on industry rather than
agriculture. as opposed to fifty years ago when it was the
backbone of tile ecottonty. Agricttltttrc is now subsidized
and used as a way ol' avoiding uiictttployiitent. he said.

The prescirt ecoitoirric crisis in l’ncrto Rico has grown
out of the economic stagnation lit the U.S.. according to
(iarciit. Real salaries. he said. decreased in the 1970's to
one-half what they litid been ill l967. Uircrtiployitierit.
said (iarcia. jrirnpcd frotn l2 pcrcetlt (considered critical
by U.S. standards) to 22 percent in 1976. l’uerto Rico, lte

\‘9>

 

 

