 

 

 

 

 
 

 

E D

 

ITORIA

orso’s course

“ y name is Mike Corso and l'm blind.” This was
how a very unique individual first introduced
himself to the university community when he ran

for ofﬁce just over one year ago. A Student Association

President with such a major handicap was an incredible

thought.

The thought became a reality when Mike Corso was
elected to represent the students of Albany State in
1982- 83. There seems little doubt that he was totally suc-
cessful in overcoming what some people saw as an insur-
mountable obstaclc. in fact at the end of Corso’s term corn-
ments seemed to concentrate on the man's strengths and
weaknesses as a president. not on his performance as‘ a
blind president.

Throughout his term, Corso's most meaningful contribu-
tions came from his voice as a student advocate. He led the
movement that brought a polling place to this campus.
State and Dutch Quads will have public voting booths next
November because SA challenged the County Board of
Elections n court and beat them. Corso also helped

students deal with many of the hassles they faced during
voter re istration.

' As prgsidcnt he was also effective in working with SASU
to combat the gross injustices proposed‘tn the. SUNY
budget. A massive lobbying effort combined wrth well
planned suggestions helped to assure that NY State students
would not be priced out of higher education.

Closer to home, Corso worked hard on providing SA
with a fair and realistic budget -— a balanced budget all
groups can find some satisfaction in. This accomplishment
is especially noteworthy. considering the fact that Corso
entered office with a budget deficit close to $90,000.

Corso. of course, had his weak poirtis. At tintcs ltis
obsession with proving he was capable of thejob led to too
muclt of a one man show. Perhaps somewhat of a more
communicative team player would have proven to be a big-
ger hit inside SA. Also his failure to address the programm-
ing problems at OCA was unfortunate.

L .

Corso's charism , d accomplishments will leave a
lasting impression. “ isability as SA President has made
students, faculty, andﬁ-ninistration aware of the fact that
the student body is a Bherful voice on this campus and in
the state.

Goodluck D

i
Today is HAP day, .ftnorroiv is Cclcbtation 'ti],

These are two soreﬁigns that the end oi the
semester here at Albailjs rapidly approaching.
liach May is a very importdr. time for the members at
the senior class. At last, after for )‘cttrs of collegiate toils,
the moment to move foward arrlvs. (iraduatiuti tiitttlu the
end to time spent at this or any in {illlliull and is the tit-gin".
ing of a new phase in life. the ad'tinccment into the tctil
world. "

We are all being prepared well for‘il'c outside the tt’tllt'ltl
confines of this university. We can rtl pursue (lime go.in
which we desire. As the I983 gradtiatdshegin their tillC\l\lll
life. we wish them good luck.

 

C

 

O L U M

N

 

 

Subtle discrimination

Over the last twenty years or so the United States has
sought to "improve" the socio-economic conditions of
“minority groups". ironically enough these much sought
after changes have in many instances appeased the concerns
of those in government and have led many "minorities" to
believe that the struggle against racism and discrimination
is complete.

Van Henri White

Both the United States government and the “minorities”
it purports to serve have made a grave mistake if they feel
that racism and discrimination have been eradicated in this
country. To the contrary. racism and discrmination are
alive and well in the United States, yet they manifest
themselves in subtler ways.

 

 

“Minority” groups often fail to perceive these subtler
manifestations of racism and discrimination policies since
they aren't as conspicuous as the ones which "minorities"
faced in the sixties, and those typical of Aparthicd in South
Africa. For example the “minorities” of this campus have
appeared to acquiesce to a recent manifestation of racism
which failed to increase “minority” enrollment at this
university iii any significant way, while in the sixties
“minority” students became incensed by the segregated
public school system, and protested against it. There is no
difference between these two fortiis of racistn because they
both deny equal access to public institutions. They both
deserved some fortn of protest yet the “minortiies” of this
campus have failed to act as their predecessors had.

It is also apparently much easier for "minorities" of this
campus to accept a forty-eight percent unemployment rate
for Black and Hispanic youths as opposed to accepting the

5mm '33
.. 99ch mm.
urwgmm

 

HiGH Tectt
0085

overt forms ofjob discrimination which were characteristic
of the sixties. Once again there is no difference between
these two forms of Job discrimination — both deny
“minorities” equal access to the economic fruits of the
American economy. However we have yet to ltear the
sounds of protest from the minorites of the eighties as we
did from the minorities of the sixties.

The frequency with which "minorities" ignore or fail to
perceive these subtle forms of racism is all too frightening.
“Minorities” at SUNY at Albany appear to be convinced
that “although things are not as they should be" conditions
are much better than they once were. Subsequently
“minorities” of this campus have accepted the university‘s
affirmative action program and admissions proecdttres
which only incr'ttscd minority enrollment by a mere tenth
of a percent. “Minorities” on this campus also seem to ac-
cept the fact that their attendance here at the University
may be in vain, since very little is said or dotie of the fact
that only six percent of the managerial positions in the
United States are held by “minorities.” While
“tiiitiorities” are not directly responsibilc for these forms
of discrimination they have failed to react against them iii a
constructive. effective way and consequently they have con-
tributed to their own demise.

However let its not confuse the “perpetrators” of racism

and discrimination — administrators. bureaucrats,
educators. politicans, etc. ~ with those whom are the vic-
titns — the "minorities." Administrators. bureaucrats,

educators. employers and politicans have a philosphopliical
and legal coiiimittment to the eradication of these subtle
fortns of facism and discrimination. They have a
philosophical comtnittmcnt because American society cart-
not allow the perpetuation of policies which result in the

 

 

 

 

 

Cotton. Pin! 3 a

 

2)?

7 /
\~ -

   

 

 

t... «mumHﬁflﬁ‘e‘klntwavtlgnimm Hm
. We”; M n .

unequal treatment of its various peoples. Theirs i\ .t legal
comniittment because the Constitution and the (‘ittl Rights
legislation of the sixties also requires equal treatment and
results for "minorities" in American society. The} ciliillUi
negate their responsibilities by citing the coiiiplttccnci of
contemporary “minorities” on this campus or elsewhere

A couple of things can be done in order to L'iilliilldit' the
apparent complacency of both administrator and “minuti-
ty" on this campus. First we must rid ourselves ol the it'llll
minority when we are addressing the partictilttr problems of
Blacks, Hispanics, Pan Carribeans, the illllltiicttm‘t‘ti, etc,
To conglomerate Blacks, Hispanic, Orientals and iiit' il.l|l-
dicapped into one class of people inevitath iesttlt~ Ill it'llttl-
itig the different social, economic and political plivbicttts
which these separate groups face. lit essence. ii.t-itl.‘ lg
ttored the different problems which Blacks, Hispanic .. L‘ik.
face, the term "minorities" evades particular Ditti‘it'lllvdiiti
specific resolutions. Often the reason why sttlitlt' tamiii
escapes notice is because we fail to address which [Millltllitll
grottp it effects. Instead we simply label such oct Ill.tiitt.‘~ .i»
“just another manifestation of discriminatitm tnitl u-ptim-
sion against minorities" —— subsequently be opt lttl ~'t'lit'|-li
anti vague resolutions.

Secondly, after having asserted the dbctxity Iii lilt'll pin-
blcms. Blacks. Hispanics, ()ricntttls, ’tttt ('aitibcati». and
the handicapped must proclaim their needs in .t IiIiI/lt'tl
manner. Oppression and "discrimination" can i‘L' iillii/L'ti
as a means of bringing these groups together. \t'.illl lilt‘
unifying force should not be that we are all "tintiuiititw"
rather it should be that major institutions, ptilit-t mating
and resource distributing bodies have left out iii\£'l\t' lit’t'ti\
neglected, ignored. diffused. and abused. The itlii\ tili-
fercnce between now and then is that "diseriiiiinatinn" and
"oppression" is much subtler.

the concept of a limited,
winnable nuclear war was
E \conelusioely diaproven
9“ H

    

\ '

.v

 

§\\ \ \ Mcwﬁwm

“xxmg/

 

 

 

 
   
 

 
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
   
   
  
 
 
 
  
    
 
  
   
   

“ran 1 of James Joyce
and Summer I

May 6, 1983

   
  

 

   
  

, J .3’ -'

 

 

 

 

 

 
   

 

 
   

