 
  
   

A rt; w. i... ., ._ ......~

   
      

  
   
   
    
    
 
   
    
  
   
   

    
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 

 

   

-ﬁ’vg. .

  
  

Item-"gr

  

fr.“

     
  

    

~ .7 no. -,.,v-i..-—.‘

 

  

or.“

......_e Manx-hm...“

.‘um‘ﬁdwc‘ . .

s aspects on tuésday

mmo~ mu x>g

pouring rains'Thursday evening‘s perfor-
mance of the Prague Chamber Orchestra
truly lived up to Louis Untermeyer's state-
ment. This concert was the third concert in
the distinguished Troy Chromatic Concert
Seriies.

William D.. Charmak

Splashed with pastel hues. the Troy Sav-
ings Bank Music Hall immediately recalls
the gala and sheer elegance of the Parisian
Opera. The hall ironically stands above the
bank ‘Itself as some illuminated
chromosphere or escape annex to
Elysium. Upon entering the hall one feels
as if he should be wearing golden epaulets.
or should at least be carrying a lorgnette.
' The stage is probably the most outstanding
feature with its bowed edge and ornate
frieze of organ pipes arranged In tiara
fashion.

This performance of the Prague
Chamber Orchestra featured the acclaimed
and Internationally reknowned pianist.
Boris Krainy. Krainy. a member of the post
war veteran pianists. is a product of the
Kromeriz Conservatory in Czechoslovakia
(his birthplace). In later years Krainy
graduated to the famous Academy of
Music in Prague. from which he received
his subsequent recognition.

The Prague Chamber Orchestra. an
ensemble of 36 musicians. performs
conductorless--led only by their outstan-
ding musiclanship. This orchestra typifies
many of the Eastern European Chamber
Orchestras in being a completely fraternal -
assemblage of perhaps the finest musicians
in the world. Born of the members of the
Czechoslovak Radio Symphony Orchestra
in 1951. the Prague Chamber Orchestra
began its independent career in 1965. and
by 1967 became part of the newly

 

EastMeets

gnore dull days: forget the '
showers: keep count only shining
hours." and thus in the midst of

 

The Orchestra opened with Johann

Bach's Grand Overture for Dou-
ble Orchestra in E ﬂat major. Opus 18. No.
1. In three movements (Allegro. Andante.
and Allegro). This work Is a prime example
of those works composed by Bach while he
served as composer for the King's Theatre
in London. The Prague Symphony Or-
chestra gave a performance which can only
be described as sterling; thereby capturing
even the most naive of patrons.

 

established Music Studio in Prague. as a
sovereign state-subsidized ensemble.

he G Gordon Liddy-Timothy

Leary Debate was a battle pitting

pragiitatism vs idealism. it was a
fabricated clash between two of this nations
most well "travelled." highly publicized.
and colorful extremists. Although the
topic. the power of the state vs. the power
of the individual. was a preplanned idea to
take advantage of their tumultuous pasts
and has been performed by the two
throughout the country. the discussion
seemed spontaneous and free-flowing after
the preliminary statements were finished.

 

Lee Greenstein

 

Liddy's thesis was as follows; man. being
unable to vie for himself as an animal
might. must live amongst others. in order
to survive. The society is therefore in-
evitable and paramount. He recognizes the
importance of human existential needs. but
said that one cannot fulfill these desires
without society.

Leary on the other hand stated that the
pre-emlnence of the Individual Is as
American as apple pie. There are five
pieces to his pie:

1. individuality-America was an ex-
periment in individuality and is a nation of
self-hood. in Russia for example. if you
rollerskate around with an orange mohawk
and headphones. you’ll get hassied.

2 Freedom--Your first right as a
human is to be allowed to do anything to or
put any substance in your body.

3. Fair Play 8!. Justice Vs. Law-90
percent of laws are regulations by the up-
perclass to restrict the individual. “Tire cori-
cept of law and order is “an-American" as
this is a nation made up of rebels.

4. Tolerance vs. One Monolithic
Goal--lt's the American way.

5. Growth & Progress vs. Stasls-—We
are free. open-minded. fast Americans.
Show him an institution. a law. a custom.

 

and he'll try to change it.

 

(This was precluded. i must mention. by

Following the opening. Boris Krainy
took his position at the keyboard. Kralny

Liddy Sr Leary: What

two cute. but loiig-wriidt.'tl versions of their
first meeting which occured when Liddy.
as Assistant |).A of Dutchess County.
rattled Lcttry's entourage-packed mansion.
finding only peat moss as evtdence.)

The rest of the debate was filled with the
two arguing several points stemming from
their opening statements and finished with
a question and answer period. The two
kept to their original arguments and all their
points stemmed from their backgrounds
and experiences. ’ .

Liddy is a doctor of law with a mastery of

.

i

chose Mendelssohii's first piano concerto
in G ma)or.The concerto. performed In
three movements. was played without in-
terruption. The first movement. Molto
Allegro con Fuco. is filled with double oc-
taves. swirling scales. and crashing chords.
Complementing the first movement. the
second andate-romanza like movement in-
troduces the concerto's principal theme.
Here less intense scales. arpeggios. and ap-
pogiaturas all combine with the first move-
ment In producing brass ianfares. The third
Presto movement ratios the concerto with

Was It Really About?

Side-ring the power of the office involved; in
other words the ends iustified the means.
He recognized the obvious illegality and the
consequences if caught. and in classic
Liddy-like fashion. payed the price-~four
and a half years in jail-without uttering a
word. (Legend has it that he offered to wait
on a corner and await assassination in
order to protect his family as he thought his
higher-ups might want him permanently
silenced.)

His presence was awesome. i thought.
as he unflinchingly told the audience he

--v~tr

 

The exteme views of both men caused them con-
tradictions. Liddy's main criticism of Leary's obses-
sion with freedom of the individual was that he was
too open-ended. Before congratulating someone on

his liberties, ﬁrst his actions should be examined.
Well, who draws the line on the ends justifying Mr.
Liddy's means? Coincidentally, i might add, Mr.
Leary's idealo are a handy justiﬁcation of his
lifestyle.

the English language. a very high intellect.
and strong convictions-die said he would
like to be remembered for doing things
when he was supposed to and not doing
things when he wasn't supposed to.This is
how he rose to his high position and was
characterized by his now publicized outlan-
disth intense manners and behavior. His
temporary demise. which came as the or
chestrator of Watergate. is a good example
of his value system. His )ob was to gather
intelligence. a not uncustoniary practice
and. according to him. mild when con-

 

bore no guilt for contributing to a loss of
confidence in our government. He

displayed impressive oratory skills and in-

telligence as he answered four-fold ques-
tions in inverse order. His psycirotic image
seems unfounded. as l've been told he's “a
normal guy with a good sense of humor."

Dr. Leary is a Phi). in psychology and
did extensive and productive research at
Harvard in miiidvexpandlng and
psychedellic drugs-namely LSD. He was
dubbed “high priest" of the 60's as his life-
style and politics made him a shoe~ln for

 

 

 

Westln Troy

variations upon the theme introduced in
the first movement. Krainy displayed (taut.
ing virtuosity. which was underscored in
his Shubert encore.

Following the intermission. the pttrgram
reopened with the Orchestra's perfor.
mance of Beethoven's Overture to (,‘ntirn's
Corlolan. Opus 67. Perhaps one of
Beethoven‘s most thematic works. the Cor~
iolan expresses the life of the. trtrqrc hero
with a convincing C minor Cumitit'itt‘tétiiuitl
moving toward an andante ii maror close
ing. The Corlolan Overture is a rather hile
piece and distinctly wets the pttlltit at any
audience's expectation of further tlt'llgltls
The program continued with the perfor-
.mance of the second and third ht'tt‘ttitdL’S
of Bohuslav Marlnu. Bohuslav. a native rrl
Czechoslovakia. symbolizes the pinnacle of
French Modernism. By dividing the
ensemble in his second and third Sciclirttlcs
:he emphasizes the viola anti violin and
then emphasizes the string orchestra. ntruc.

' .and clarinet respectively. The second and

gthlrd serenades composed in i‘iii‘z are
saturated with dtssonant and luntltrlrtts liar
monies creating a thoroughly titiltittt' at
perience reminiscent of the Slincrilrt-rg
works.

The Prague Chamber OrCliusira closed
this memorable evening with lllt' ‘ii’rtir
Symphony in D major by Wolfgang
Amadeus Mozart. First performed lit i781.
in Vienna. the “Halfner Symphony" was
presented as a part of an all Mozart si'tlus.
which included the artist as the lL'itIttitJtl
soloist. The symphony in four iitovumtints
possessed the total Settlentiotistiuss vii
Mozaitean genius in a truly epigrainaitc
mariner. making an excellent “male for .my
performance.

The evening still quotes Uniernieyer's
theme of optimism. and more. The Prague
Chamber Orchestra was nothing less than
magnificent as shown through lliL‘it three
encore pieces which included l)ui\‘.ilt's
Humoresque. Much compliment is .rlv
due to the Music Hall's superb amusin-
and elegant atmosphere.

the role. Assorted drug busts irnti rm
and out of prison [Mary punt :'
Atiiet‘icnnisirr over and over as flll' iil' l'.i v
in freedom and individualism lh' «a ti .
“the only function of the state is to \Il‘ it a it
the growth of the individual " iiu tiw
far as to call Kennedy's “don't ask ttha! it i
can do for your country" slatenu-trt w :
munism. and the CIA llli'Aiiit'iltiiit I‘- w
foundations of our SUL‘it’ly are "a lilt'i :i zi-
fragile thing." His arguments are mini In.
Where Liddy was too hard lined. Lt-aii. um
too lucid. Too make matters worse. lii' l\ a
doctor of psychology. not a spcriltt‘i .n.rl
this showed. He covered up for his lat it of
skills with humor. often cheap shots against
Liddy. For while he accused Liddy of
Reagan-Russian type good vs. L’Vil rlrctorti
in persuading the audience. he used rnltt's
to achieve empathy with the Crowd l‘iris
along with his constant banterirrg about
Americanism lowered his credibility (Whv
did you take LSD? “Because i'm an
American."--"What does it matter what i
say about drugs. this is America")

The extreme views of both men causvtl
them contradictions. Liddy's main criticism
of Leary's obsession with freedom of llit' in
  thal Lhe was too OPL’”'E""G"
em... Luilgtatutailng someone on lip
liberties, first his actions should be taxainrtr
Gd. Well. who draws the line on the ends
lustilying Mr. Liddy's means? Coincidental
iv 1 might add. Mr. Leary's ideals are a halt
dy justification of his llfL‘SlylL’

 

 

it is tough to appreciate the important r
of Mr. Leary‘s ideas diplactid frotn flll‘ otI'x
Still his views are as important today to
they were then. Without them. thus“ “I
Mr. Liddy will be unchallenged tliiil t|l)lt' to
take control. Realistically though. \vt' can‘t
survive without Liddy and those lilti‘ l'“”
The two are irreconcilable aitd iirdespi'n
sable. What we need is it balance. Steertiii
both ends of the spectrum. even iii this a
commercial form. was both entertaining
and educational. l ‘

~~"‘ .AL9-_'L eon-W. .J.’-‘I'.'.-.r.'.’l:i:"..v-,h:x1<.""‘"'

i

 

 

 

 

 

 

he Empire State institute for the

Performing Arts (ESIPA)

priemered their production of the
Moss Hart/George S. Kaufman classic
You Can't Take it With You on Sunday.
and as usual this superb company has
another winner on its hands. This play. like
so many others from this reknowned team.
brings together disparate types of people in
a confined setting. and )ust lets them react
together. in this case it is the most eccentric
Sycamore family versus the conservative.
Wall Street type exemplified by the Kirbys.

Megan Gray Taylor

The play takes place in 1936 and
although relevant to the Great Depression.
the major theme here is love. acceptance
of those who may not be all that different
despite outward appearances. Don't let
dry description turn you away from a great
play. After a somewhat expository and
forced first act this play moves to an
hysterical crescendo iii the secoan act. and
finishes with a touchineg real happy en-
dtrig.

This is a play composed of characters.
not caricatures and that saves it frotn being
‘dated'. This exceptional company of
talented actors has the depth to stage this
kind of production with full credibility.

A scene [mm the Pull
l- photographs by Fred Ricard

lthough Joel Greenberg's literary
A expose on Financial Accounting

was indeed "successful." he fail-
ed to note the inherent similarities between
3.8. Balance-Slieet's quest for economic
excellence and the ubiquitous. humanistic
statements found in Cliumicni Principles.
2nd Ed. in this book we enter the realm of
physical science. the “undying truth." as it
were. While Sheet is struggling to master
the momentary orgasm of monetary
quintessence in a purely rrtaterialistic
mode. the protagonists of Chemical Prin-
ciples are forced to deal with physical laws.
didactic theories. and common. comv
ritunist trend within the chemical society.
while trying r attain the philosophical pin-
naclc of being: the lowest energy 

 

EB. Clarke

TTﬁE protagoiri of the book are known
collectively as the Periodic Table of
Elements. or “the Family " This clan con-
sists of approximately 107 elements. each
with its own Identification number.
(However. one mttst not confuse one ele-
ment with another. for such condescunsion
can result in serious miscalculations and
violations. with a fate worse than death.)
Other characters are the progeny of the
elements-the compounds. Compounds
are born by a purely sexual experience
known as bonding. and this process is so
'coinplex (dealing with erotic "overlaps"
and a inertagerie of positions known as
"structures”). that many readers have

    

 

 

 

abandoned the book rilttigetiiprhrjiyorgh

Director John Going has for the most part
a real sense of ‘Broadway comedy' pacing.
and has maximized the talent available to
him.

The story 105er focuses around Alice.
the only 'normal' daughter of' the
Sycamores who invariably falls in love with
the boss's son (young Anthony Kirby). who
of course falls in love with her. setting up

.the classic ‘famlly-meets-famlly' scene.

Alice is played by Carolyn Marble Valentis
who gives a believable. if sometimes overly
cute. performance as the girl who loves her
family despite their eccentricltles. Young
Tony ls played perfectly by Tom Pletto.
Pletto had just the right air of self-
confldence for this wealthy young man
who starts his career as a vice-president
after a year at Cambridge etc.

Without question. the stars of this play
are the Sycamores. Penny Sycamore‘
(mother of the clan) is played by Carole B.
Smith who is superb as the woman who
took up play writing H years ago because
“someone deliveer a typewritter by
mistake". She is unquestionably the
mother of this menagerie. Her husband.
Paul. who spends his time making

fireworks in the basement. is flawlessly
played by John Thomas McGuire ill
McGuire's sense of timing. not to mention
facial expression was hysterical.

    

certain magazines which include pictures to
make comprehension easier and more
pleasant.

As Sheet is tied down by details. likewise
“the Family" is a slave in pedantic physical
laws; laws which show absolutely no flex-
ibility towards offenders. An element or
compound which breaks any of these
physical laws is immediately sent to an
ageless limbo. at which point it is declared
“non-existant" forever. Any efforts to
discover the whereabouts of such
characters end sadly--with only equations
that keep adding up to zero.

Another one of Sheet's ills is a plodding.
treacherous story line. He. as Greenherg
points out. is one dimensional. and he has
difficulty coping with the quagmires of
financial technicalities. it was a folly of Mr.
Greenberg to draw this picture of Sheet
without mentioning the fluorine ntom's dif»
ficulty with multiple bonding/\nd what
about frniicium. doomed to a tragic half-
life. destined to decay into less-honorable
elements? Slit-ct may be bored. bttt death
like frnircium's abounds in (.‘lit-iiiicrtl Prin-
ciples.

Other dastardly evil hurdles on the path
towards achieving the lowest energy state
are the seemingly endless theories. Atomic
theories. molecular lheories.. Einstein's
theories. the theories just keep appearing.
Those theories are purely pragmatic in
nature—developed by brilliant men. and

1demanding an equally brilliant person to
Just understand them. 'let alone utilize
them. Not only are the unfortunate

elements frequently lost in these theoriesu

 

The family is completed by daughter
Essie. who wants to be a dancer. (complete
with Russian dance teacher. a bit
overplayed by Gary Deming). although
what we see of her talent after it years of
study is not so promising. She is brought to
life by Jeanne Vigilante. who earlier this
year gave the fittest local performance by
an actress in her lead as Calamity Jane.
Vigilante praiices and pirouettes into your
heart in this unforgettable character. She Is
husbande by Ed played by Bruce David
Jennings. who “stopped by the house one
day and decided to stay' Jennings has a
touch of a young Fred Gwynne with an
easy in movement and delivery that is at
the same time sell-conscious. a perfect
touch for Ed. And finally. there is grandpa
(known so to everyone) played by Joel
Aroeste who rlvnls Joint Houseman as the
lovable and eccentric old titan 0f the fami-

Also in the Sycamore house is Mr.
DePinnn. who delivered ice one day and
also decided to stay (a case not uncommon
here. as the milkman had also done this
five years earlier staying until he died).
Gary 0. Aldrich. as DePinIin is the best

Chemistry Explained

but Sheet's distant relative. L L Loose
Leaf. becomes inundated with numbers
whenever efforts to decifer these theories
are attempted. But more devastating is the
fact that the not-so-meiry pair of authors of
Chemical Princtplcs give no warnings of
the unavoidable confusion and consterna-
tion associated with their book. Not only
are the excercises very difficult. btit many
dollars of L.L. Loose Leaf find their way to
(infrequently) the trash can or (very often)
the floor.

Communism is well represented in
Chemical Principles. Marx would smile at
the sight of well—balanced equations. with
coefficients being dealt to elements solely

.on the basis of need. There is no

eanne Vigilante. Bruce David Jennings. and Joel Aroeste

 

aspects on tuesday

    

character actor I have seen in many a year.
He commands your attention withevery
movement. and had the audience rolling in
their seats in the second and third acts

The other side of the coin. the Kirbys are
played by Richard A. Walsh and Betsy
Normtle Both performances were superb.
Arid then there is Rheba (the essential
black maid of the Sycamore household)
and her boyfriend Donald. who of course is
on welfare. Gwynne Smith and Robin
William Hamilton were also excellent.

Highlighting this already great produc-
tion is a wonderful set design by Klaus
Holm livery detail of the set accents the
family whose house it is. Costumes. too.
designed to capture that period in history.
were executed beautifully by Sally Whit»
more.

Once again ESIPA has put together two
hours of great entertainment. This pulitzer
prize wrniiiiig plin is considered the grand-
daddy of Broadway comedy. influencing
such popular playwrights as Neil Simon.
Don't miss this wonderful escape You
Can't Tilhl’ It With You will run through
next weekend. i .

bollfgt’iiihit’ in "the Family." and all
elements endeavor to build molecules
whenever the need arises (Air exception.
however. are the Noble Gases. which are
pathetic. anti-social hermits). “The Family"
‘5 indeed a communist society. and a
"nuclear" family. at that

finally. the topic of the lowest energy
state is “beyond my scope"~-it is for greater
minds than mine. However. i someday
may be able to take the idea in my hands
and proclaim: "i understand!" But. if this
damned book‘s plot becomes any more
perplexing. the oiin thing 1'" be able to
hold in my hands will be my head. after it
has fallen onto the floor. 1:]

. i . :9”. W ..t 77W . .. ..-".:-*."'~- "' . ~r*.--..--: .- -4 '2":‘.’"1nrr’.",>“.7.‘ In wcry‘e.‘ «.tt-rtr ~~~mvprm . run)! 'r; 17:11:4erde :

9

(ome 0"— 21>:

 

 

Warner Brothers

and Aspects cor-

dially invite 150 people to a special
showing of HIGH ROAD TO CHINA
at the UA Towne 1-2 one mile north
of the Circle, Saturday, March 19,
at 10:00 AM. The coupon entitles
you to two guest admissions for
this performance only. First come
first serve, on Wednesday after-
noon at 2:30, in the ASP office, CC
324.

 

 

 

 

 

 

