 

 

 

 

 

    
     
    
   
   
 
     
 

. . a _... ,1..WL; .._. WM

 

 

   

 

SPECIAL OFFER

Computer with Printer under $2500
Plus FREE Personal Pearl" database - $295 value

A complete computer with
cdmmuniootlons capabilities.
two disk drives. CRT display
and business keyboard.

Standard features Include
SuperCalc. "' WordStar. ‘“
CPIM. MBASICUD and
34.0511 CBASICth software.

1  . M 'r. .
52 North Pearl Strout I Albany NY 12207 \

 

S eFox

B tev
EDI ORIAL ASSISTANT

_.________._’——-—
An incredibly wet spring, which
has forced 70 percent of the in-
. tramural softball games to be
cancelled, has forced the
AMlA/WIRA into a first-time ever
single-elimination tournament, ac-
cording to AMIA President Mike
Brusco.

The 12-member intramural coun-
cil decided Thursday night that
three of the six leagues would play a
single-elimination tournament, with
leagues 11 A, IV A and 5. playing
double-elimination. Brusco added,
"This is ﬁrst time this has happen-
ed."

Brusco remarked that he worked
CO. for two days rescheduling the
season but that. “games could not
 Goods be played Sunday because of the
330 Central Ave., Albany

rain.” He added that games were
played in the rain Monday. but that
(next to Le Fat Cat)
463-221 1

  
   

 
 

 

there were a lot of forfeits. “People
were confused by the acticle in Fri-
day's ASP rind assrtrrred games were
off. Always call the ofﬁce to see if
games are cancelled," lirusco
stated.

“Every game will be played from
now until May 9, regardless of
weather,” said Brusco. “We have

 

Softball

*We have IN STOCK
- - — l'i orm -
Softballs Bats Safari: Eggplete U If 5 ‘Back Page
the garrre and send it into extra inn—
* Lettering done on Premises ings.

Albany won it in the hottorn half
of the ninth, again scoring without
putting the ball in play. Fernandes
_ raced lrorrre witlt the game-winning
Mhuno " Wilson ' l‘o‘ﬂsvine run from third as liinghanlloll

ALL pRICEs DISCOUNTED threw wildly attempting to gel

Dudley - Easton - Ran/lingo

 

 

to, we have no other choice: it is
that or nothing for the rest of the
season."

Some objections raised by Coun-
cil members. said Brusco, were that
in single-elimination a team is
knocked out in one game. "Better
this. though. than nothing at all,"
he remarked.

Field space has been a big
headache for Brusco. “Mayfest
takes away fields from us, and we

-»'r'.’ '

    

irave had to schedule our games ‘

 

AMIAIWIRA to play tournament

around the schedule of' the different
varsity teams. This, along with the
horrendous condition of the ﬁelds,
will lead to a different kind of'
baseball called mudball. Drainage
problems have made some ﬁelds so
bad that they can't be used until
they dry out," he added.

Brusco emphasized that games
will be played under any conditions.
“If the weatherman wants to play a
game, we with schedule him at
9 a.m.," Brusco joked. l_,l

 

. 3,». .__.

 

LOIS MATTABONI UPS

The AMIAIWIRA Intramural softball season has been reduced to a

single-elimination tournament.
prettiest of garrrcs by all rrrcans, but
it was a witr prrttirrg Albany in the
driver's seat to clinch the cham-
pionship.

l-‘orlunatcly the Danes were not
fiat for their next opponent, The
Iiulls from SUNY Buffalo. Poised
to rap up the cltarrrpionslrip Albany
played solid fundamental
baschttll,usirrg an airtight defense
and another superb pitching effort
by Williams to defeat Buffalo, 2-0.

Albany got both of their runs in
the fifth. Meyer singled and Doyle

walked, and boil) runners moved tip
on a wild pitch. llallorarr llrerr
delivered a sacrifice fly, turd Kirk
canrc through witlr a run-scoring
single.

Meanwhile Williams was brce/ing
througlt the Buffalo lineup. As her
learn played cr'r'or‘les‘s baseball
behind her Williams allowed only
one hit and two walks, pitching her
second shutout of the day. lluffalo
had just two runners in scoring
position for the more. arrtl they
» never really posed a major threat.

l l

 

 

 

 

Williams at second. it was not the

If you are sick and tired of making
$3.65 an hour, your time can be
worth much more and with flexible
hours.

Earn while you learn now and get a
jump on a summer job. All this is
yours under an Internship Program

Automotive
Service

Manny welcomes Albany Students
with his personalized service & repairs
0 Road Service
0 Tune-ups
0 Complete line of ignition
parts for most German cars
0 McPherson Struts
'0 Foreign & Domestic
Mazda, Datsun, Toyota, Fiat, VW . . .

0 Free estimates with SUNYA ID
Alumni Operated since 1978

 

 

 

1(-

Hunter

NORTHWESTERN MUTUAL LIFE
MILWAUKEE

The Bick Agency
951 Albany Shaker Road
Latham, NY 12210
Call Shirley 785-4141 for appointment

 

 

With Washington
The Quiet Company 
(llan'sl (Westgute)

'6
L
P
J
to

Kings Shoppinggenter

Manny Cruz & Father 40 years automobile experience

482-0731

677 Central Ave.
or

150 Hunter

 

 

 

 

 

L.”

 

 

 

 

 

 

w  mwww-wwmh«Mann-Mtusmmmammmmauwuw‘ errata w

 
  

 

 

 

 

 

DAVE RIVERA UPS

Dave Ulrich was victorlous as the men's tennis team routed the Blnghamton Col-

onials on Saturday, 8-1.

 

Amer/.26. .1943, o ALBANY STUDENT mess spans 23,

Netmen beat Colonials for eighth win of year

 

By Marc Barman
STAFF WRITER

 

It was a very unusual day at SUNYA this
past Saturday afternoon. There was no snow,
no rain, the skies were clear, and a persistent
flow of sunshine engulfed the campus. But
something occurred on this warm spring day
that wasn't so unusual; the Albany State
men's tennis team was victorious again,
boosting their season record to 7-1, by
routing Binghamton 8-1.

The Dane one week layoff due to the
weather' seemed to have no effect on their
play. In the eight matches the club won, not
one set was lost.

Binghamton was hampered by the loss of
first singles Tim Clark. Clark was declared
ineligible for the season. This forced the Col-
onials to realign their lineup and its effect
was noticeable as Binghamton, considered
the toughest SUNYAC opponent, went down
easily.

Ironically, Binghamton still managed to
pull off a win at that slot as number two
singles Peter Srabadhcgy, subbing at ntuubcr
one, outlastcd the slumping liarry Levine.
3-6, 6-4, 6-3.

The match was the only negative note, on a
day of rrrany positives for the Danes.

"We played extremely well," said Albany
coacir Iiob Lewis. “We practiced indoors
throughout the week. .so the week layoff
didn‘t have any effect on us."

In the second singles rnalch, Dave Ulrich
:ontinued Iris sharp play. crushing l’aul Ter-
rarro 6-3, 6-3.

Captain Fred (iaber was triumphant at
third singles in straight sets over Chris Olson.

The most gratifying match was the victory

3y fourth singles Lawrence Eichen, snapping
a slump that has plagued him for the past few
seeks. His 6-4, 6-0 shellacking of Barry
Goldberg impressed Coach Lewis. who has
been critical of his play of late.

"1 was hoping those negative quotes that
appeared in print would make him more
aware of what was going on," said Lewis.
“Judging by his performance today. I think
it helped. He really played well."

Eichen wasn't too sure what caused the
.urnaround: “1 think I found myself coming
out of my so-called slump beforcl read those
quotes in the paper. Maybe the quotes did
serve as a slight catalyst. I knew I wasn't
playing well and I put my mind to it more,
concentrated harder. and it paid off.“

At nunrbcr five singles, Dave Lerner con-
tinued his winning ways with a 6-4. 7-6 vic-
tory over Eric Eiclrhulz.

Sixth singles freshman Dave Grossman,
making a rare singles appearance, edged An-
dy lioyland 7-5, 6-4.

Coach Lewis tried a major shakerrp at the
double spots. switching around the positions
to rewarding returns.

"I haven't been too pleased with our
doubles lately. so I wanted to try something
different." said Lewis. .

Dave Lerner, wlro has been the Dunes‘ hot-
.cst player, was moved to first doubles with
Levine. The duo were triumphant 6-3. 6-3.

The second doubles tcanr of Gaber-IZ iren
brewed lo a 6-4, 6-2 victory as did Grossman-
.lay Eiscnberg, 6-4, 6-0.

Tire squad will host two more games this
week; this afternoon against a respected
Amherst club and Thursday versus SUNY at
()rrconta. Iii

 

Men’s track team downs Binghamton, 122-40

 

By Tom Kacandcs
l-‘Ii/IURIrIf .vISSIK'I/le

 

It had been almost two weeks since the
Albany State men‘s track and field tctrnr last
competed. 'l‘hat meet, a one—sided loss to
Cortland, was one they'd rather forget. Cap-
tain Nick Sullivan described his learn as
“very hungry" before the dual meet with
Binghamton State last Saturday on the
University truck. That eagerness sltowcd as
the Danes stomped the Colonials, 122 points
to their opponent's 40.

On the field, rookie Bill Waring started off
the Albany scoring first with a personal best
leap of 6.27 rrreters, leaditrg teammates l’aul
Mance and Don Bleasedale to a sweep of the
long jump. Not to be outdone, Mance won
the triple jump with a very fine jump of 13.56
meters and lileasedale took another third.
Said Mancc,“lt's been so long since l‘ve
jumped, I thought I forgot how."

Saturday's meet marked the return of
Dane thrower liill Nason who is recovering
from a had cut on his throwing ltarrd. Despite
the injury, Nason won the hammer throw,
the shotput and the discus. In the shot.
Nttson's bcs'l event, his winning throw was a
very solid t4.48 meters. “That’s not
bad,"Nason said, “but there's a lot more
there."

Albany swept the shot put as senior Greg
Dcdes took second with a loss of 11.16
meters and Ken Yanneek took third. Dcdcs'
also took third in the hammer throw.

The Danes also went one—two in the discus
Where Nttson's winning throw was measured
at 39.22 rrretets and Yanneck's second-place
toss was 37.32 meters.

Rookie i’cte Marlo was the winner of the
juvclin throw in his first appearance for the
Danes. His winning mark of 5046 meters
stands as a superior throw.

Albany‘s Ronald .lruncrson won the pole
vatllt with a jrrrnp of 13‘7" after missing all
three attempts at 14’0". Dunc Jeff Garcia
had it good day vaulting 12‘0" for second
place.

in the truck events, Albany dominated
from the first race takitrg first place in every
went but one. The 4x100-meter relay of
Mike Riggins, Pat Saccocio, Scott Sachs, and
Eric Newton beat out the Colonials' relay
despite some messy handoffs. Tire winning
time was 44.0 seconds.

Freshman Ian Clerrrents proved himself
one very hungry runner by winning the

10,000-nreter run in a track and school record
time of 33:03. Albany‘s distance squad swept
the event as Cristoplrer Cailaci and Pete
\\’arnsleker got second and third place
respectively.

The pctrt-up competitiveness of the Dane
squad became evidcrtt as the Albany tearrr
went on to trample opponents setting three
rrrore track records in the process. In the
1,500-meter rrrrr, Dune sophomore Jim Erwin
led the big pack from the gun, outkickirrg his
big-name SUNY rival, Kurt Kroemer in the
last 100 meters. Erwin's time of 4200.1 is his
best by a full eight seconds, as well as being
the day's second track record. "I took it out
very fast to make sure it would be a good

9%
’ {IV/i r

’ 7-, l /‘1
(’0'

 

race," Erwin said. “I was ready today.“
Captain Nick Sullivan was also ready. He
took third in tire 1,500 with a very quick tirtrc
of 4:06.

Freshman lirucc Van Tassel worked his
lrttrdlc magic yet again winning both the
lltl-nrcter high hurdles and the 400-meter irr-
terrnediatcs. Van Tassel broke his own track
record in the highs with his first plate time of
15.1 seconds in a close race against the quail-
ty liinglrarrrron hurdlcrs. 1n the 400-meter irr—
Icrmcdiates, ‘howcvcr, Van Tassel was all
alone leading from gun to tape and finishing
in 57.8 seconds. Iiill Waring of long jump
fame finished second with his second
personal-best performance of the day. \\’rtr‘~

 

ED MARUSSICM UPS

The men's track team had an easy time with Blnghamton Saturday afternoon,
defeating the Colonials by the score of 122-40.

irrg held off a liirrgharuton lrurdler through
the tape in a very gutsy ﬁnish covering the

distance in 59.6 seconds.

Tire Albany sprint squad had a ﬁeld day

against the Colonials and against the clock.

First there was the 400-mcter dash, where

captain Eric Newton broke his own track
record and took first place. After cruising
through the first 110, Newton shifted gears
and walked away from the rest of the field
blasting through the tape in 49.3 seconds.
Senior Scott Sachs just barely lost a dual with
liinghamton's Higgins for third place. Both
matters were titrrcd at 51.6 seconds.

Saturday's rrrcel also marked the return of
senior sprinter Mitchell Harvard to full cont-
oetition strength. Running like a runaway
train, Harvard led an Albany sweep of the
loo-meter dash winning in a blistering time of
10.7 seconds and establishing a new track
record. Mike Riggins was second in 10.8 and
Pat Saccocio was third in 11.1 seconds.

Riggins carrrc back to lead a sweep of the
ZOO-meter dash where Riggins, Newton and
.lolrrr Reilly leaned together at the tape. Rig-
gins and Newton were both timed at 22.6
tcconds \iilh Reilly at 22.7.

By far the fastest race of the day was the
KOO-meter rrrn, wirerc all of the top sis rttn-
rers went under two minutes. Freshman
Tony Ri/Io took fifth in 1159.2 and 1.500
winner Jim Erwin took fourth irr 1258.9.
lltoth times were personal bests. The action
was up front where Dane Noel \\'oodburn led
from the start selling a very fast pace. Col-
onials Chris Allegro and Mark Sitler ptrlled
even with 200 to go, but Woodburn held
them off all the way to the tape. \\'oodhurn's
pcrsonal-hesr tirrrc of 1:564. tenths of a so
:ond ahead of his rivals.

The excitement carried over into the
5.000-mcIC-r rrrrr where Albany's 15d McCrill
battled back and forth with Iiirtgharrrton's
Krocmer. Tire lead changed hands six times
before McGill made his last bid with 200
meters logo, only to be outkicked in the last
ten meters. Kroemer finished in 15:25.0 to
.\Ie(iill's 15:25.8.

Filtingly, Albany won the last event, the
4x400-nrcter relay. Riggins, Newton, and
Woodhurn gave Ire lead to Pat Saccocio who
went wild rrrnrrirrg his leg in an unofficial split
of 49.2 seconds.

"it was a great meet," said head coach
Bob Munscy. “I am a happy man.“ Tomor-
row the Dtrnes travel west to compete it‘ the
Colgate Relays. D

 

 

