  

PAGE 2

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS . FRIDAY. MARCH 20, 1964

 

 

AVIS Passes legislation Revising
lateness Procedures, Senior Hours

Three proposals pertaining to lateness and Senior Hours for women have been
written into law by the Association of Women Students. This legislation repre-
sents the major work of the year for the A.W.S., formerly the Residence Council.

Slowness of operation has been due to the fact that proposals must be approved
initially by the student—run A.W.S., then by the council of dormitory head resi-

Students Support Drive
To Build CORE Chapter

dents, and finally by Dr.
Ellen C. Stokes, Dean of
Women.

The first resolution al—
lows a housemother to ex-

cuse a lateness of 29 min—
utes or more when the reason is
extremely personal, i.e. death in
the family, or when the lateness

is dtte to the failure of public
transportation.
Under present rtiles a girl is

automatically referred to Judicial
Board when she is 29 or titore min-
utes late, no matter what the rea-
son. She will continue to go before
Judicial Board if not excused by
the housemother.

Appeal Procedure

The second proposal accords a
girl the privilege of appealing an
A.W.S. penalty of20minutes orless.
There was previously tio system of
appeal for any penalty, atid there is
still none for appealing a penalty
imposed for lireakiiiga house rule.

A.W.S. also set a definite pro-
cedure which tiiust be followed in
making an appeal:

“The girl must appeal immed—
iately after receiving her penalty
to the head resident and the house
president. If they decide the girl
has valid reason, they may excuse
her or lessen her penalty.

If no settlement is reached and
the girl still wishes to appeal her
case to Judicial Board, she may
by contacting the Chairman and
stating her intentions during the
same week.”

Increased Senior Hours

The first two proposals will take
effect immediately. To become ef-
fective iii September, 1964, is tlte
resolution to give Senior women
nine Senior Hours per semester,
and to allow them an accumulation
of three Hours per tnotitlt.

Presently Seniors are allowed
one Senior [Tour a month with an
accumulation of no more than two
llours iii any month.

House Court Possible

Another majorpieceofwm'k which
the A.W.S. has done this year is to
set up the structure for a House
Court. This court would try infrac—
tions and hear appeals of AWS pen—
alties and possibly of house rules
and penalties.

The proposals submitted by tlte
students. howevet, late been (‘ttli-
ststently returned for more work
by the. Head Residents ('ommtttec.

Mulloerrw Authors
Guide to Writing

l)l. Donald J, l), Mulkt-tnc, ti
pt ottessttt of lllSlllt‘SS and rnutt lll.il‘t
oi the tltiit‘dlllllt‘iii of otitt-t- dilllillt—
isttutton ot the School ol ltustnt-m.
tit St.itti Unixt-tstt. .tt Albany, is
to-tiutnot oi .i book published this
tnonth ht. Doubleday a <.otnpuic..

The Term Paper, Step by Step,
t. lit. .‘viulkt-tnc and Di. (itlbeit
lxam. l‘. .t 'liltlt- Tttl iii-,th stitottl
ant lttlll‘L'l‘ students. It t'i'ul'l s '..ii »
ions tispttt ts oi ll'l ttt papei .‘.l itit.,;,
Illtlll
int: tittul tlidll

l/l, Mullxt-ttie has heist. on the
Al' tilt. lat ult‘. ‘zliil t' ili’id. lit: hti.
t.tti, t.t tit ltussoll Huge (.‘olltegts,( ol—
It'itl‘ wt St. litist‘ lutlitilit‘ llttl‘mt—
si'. oi .‘lilli‘llt ti, and (.tiliilltitld L'ni-
not sit. 'l‘tiut‘nei s (.ollegt‘

lit: is iii—llllllitil ot Economic and
Social Geography, and is u lititjttotit
itiltlllltllltil to ptott-sstonal .eat—
boots and pot iothtnls.

In. Mulkeinc is ti llllttl‘ltif and
t~i.titi lllitlt of the cdttt utltilt committee
oi the Allthtli‘, Lhaptoi oi theNattonal
()Tlilt: Manngcinont Association,

He is alsoudiiw lttl Lllllll'lltlllllltill
of Inc itcstmtti. tonitnitttit- oi the
In .tittitt- for lot ttt.i=t-,t, Stat totat it"s,

.t-lnt ting the stit pact to typing

“Most of us have paid lip service
to the civil rights movement aiid the
Negro’s fight for equality of oppor-
tunity for a long titne. Now is a
chance for us to do otir little bit
to help these people.”

So spoke Susan Metz ’65 as she
announced that a meeting will be
held oii Sunday, March 22, at 3 p.m.
iii Channing Hall to organize an
Albany chapter of the Congress on
Racial Equality. Channing Hall is
the annex to the Albany Unitarian
Church.

Ron Corwin, Field Secretary of
CORE for upper New York State,
is expected to speak at the meeting.
It is open to any interested persons
iii the Albany area, btit Miss Metz
expressed the hope lllLlI ttiaity State
Students would participate.

Met Sunday
About fifteett students attended 21

SUN Y to Host
Latin Workshop

The State Universuy of New York
at Albany, itt cooperation Willl the
State Education Department, will
conduct a workshop for about 125
teachers of Latin on March 19,20
and ‘31.

The seSsions will deal with cur-
t'iculum designs and utilization of
new approaches to instruction, as
Well as With demonstrations and
laloratory sessions with newly tie—
velopetl audio-visual and other
teaching aids.

While more than 20 consultants
frotn both inside and otttstde the
state will participate in various
segments of the three—day confer—
ence, those who Will make major
presentations are Dr. Clat'uAshley,
Newton South High Scltool, Newton
Centre, Mass.; Dr. Moses lladas,
chairman, department of classical
languages. Columbia University, Dr.
John Latimei', Geotgc Washington
L‘ni\ersitv and pi‘csnlettt, American
( lnssit-ul League.

Other participants include: Dr.
Jtiltll ()H‘l'litit'lx. l’l'ttitlﬁhtil' til Ail—
t‘lt'lll Languages. and Dr. lidith
Wallace, ('luiit lll‘tili. Division of llu—
inanitit-s, t-oih ‘tll .t\ll..in'. l'ni.t-t sity.

Members oi the Illillllllit.
tntttet- .1] t‘ Dr. l‘atilt l.lllllt‘. l.cott.ti l
ltt't-istttnn and Mt. Spillt-ngt-t , State
Education litepatttnent, and .t num-
bet ot Titt'llll't ftottt Allan. l'niver-
sun on ludinp l)l'. \\'.tllntt- lit.ltuti—
tlttlilli (,i'tlltlllt‘l, Ill. .‘\lTll“I (till.

tititct incinbcts of the planning
i-otnittittct- tnt lttdc Joseph lot to us
'.‘.t‘ll .i‘. lit'. (ittyt‘in .Ilt‘l \lts, Noi-
ton who .tll‘ tttttt lllidlttlt oi the

Hill]-

Itt|.tl lltlllt‘lt'lit'l‘.

Hats For

All Occasions
$3.99 & up

Brides 8 Bridesmaids
Headpieces
Brides - SIO 8 up
Bridesmaid - $3.99 Sup
CHIC HATS
54 North Pearl
Albany

 

 

 

 

preliminary meeting last Sunday.
They met with George Bunch, ad—
visor to the NAACP Youth Council,
who is now a student at Albany Law
School.

lie was instrumental tti conducting
an Zillli—(llSt'I‘lllllilalltill program iii
Syracuse, and discussed his tech-
niques with the students.

Although tio definite plans have
yet been formulated or approved,
the Albany group hopes to cont-en-
trade on helping Negro fntttilies
displaced by the South Mall project
to resettle lll suitable living quar-
ters.

The University Affiliation
Allen Wagner ’tiz'», also instru-
mental tn setting tip the met-ting,
emphasized that the CORE: chapter
Would not be :tTllllleetl With the
State University zit Albany iii any
way.

However, he pointed out that by
participating State students Would
serve the dual purpose of aiding
the cause of civil rights and of
bettering the relationship between
the University and the community.

Rienow Publishes
3rd Edition of Text

Dr. Robert
Introduction to
be ptiblished lll acompletcly revised
third editioti. The announcement was
made by Alfred A. Knopf, Inc. of
New York City.

Rienow’s textbook,
Government, will

Dr. Rienow is a professor of
political science at State University
of New York at Albany. He has
authorized many books and articles
appearing ttt popular magazines.

This college textbook pioneered
it new method oi teaching principlcs

of political St'lt‘itt'l‘ it is currently
itt use at institutions as tar unity
as the Ullll't'l‘sth of Hawaii and

iii the Connttonwettlth of l’ut-rto
Rico. [t was first published in 10.73.

    

Three coeds working in Europe

EUROPEAN
JOBS

Thetrendnmongstudcnts
is to work in l‘luropc during
the summcr. 'l‘housands of
jobs lug. rcsort, lliugltttl'tb
ing and office. worki and
travel grants are itVitllillilt‘
to every registered student.
Some wages are as high 11S
Halon a month. For a coin-
plctc prospectus, job and
Ll‘ttVUl grant applications, a
$1 ASIS book coupon and
handlingr and airmail
charges send $1 to Dept. M,
American Student Tiiformn»
tion Service, 22 Ave. de in
Libertc, Luxembourg City,
Grand Duchy of l.uxcm~
bourg.

 

  
 

(Author of “Rally Round the Flag, Royal”
and “Barefoot Boy With Cheek".)

 

THE SLOW RUSH

Illustrated below is the membership pin of a brand-new na-
tional fraternity called Signa Phi Nothing. To join Signti Phi
Nothing and get; this hideous membership pin absolutely free,
simply take a pair of scissors, cutout the illustration, and paste
it on your chest.

Let me hasten to state that I do not recommend your joining
Sigma Phi Nothing. The only thing I recommend iii this column
is Marlboro Cigarettes, as any honest innit would who likes
good tobacco and it good ﬁlter, whose heart is quickenctl by it
choice of soft pnck or Flip—Top Box, and who gets paid every
week for writing this colttttiti.

I iim frankly hnrtl put. to think of any reason why you should
joiti Sigma Phi Nothing. Sonic pcoplc, of coursc, :tt'c joincrs by
nature; if you arc onc such, I am bound to tcll you their are
any number of licttcr organizations for you to joinr—thc (‘osti
Nostrti, for cxnmplc, or the Society for tho l’lncing of \\':tt.cr
Troughs lll Front of Equestrian Statues.

      

Unfit/0% OZZ ihﬂﬂlfﬂl

lint if you insist oti joining Higntt l’lii Nothing, lt-

 

me give
you several warnings. First oil, it is the only fraternity which
titlniits girls. Sccoittl, thcrc is no plcdge pci‘iod; cuch ncw mom—

ll

bcr lllllllf'tllillt‘l)’ got-s nctivc. l’crhitps “intictivc is :i ttiorc th-
curate word: tht-rc nrc no incctings, no tlrivcs, no campaigns,
no sports, no games, no tltics, no grip, and no housc.

The only thing Signn l’hi Nothing has in common with other
Trtitcrnitics is it lrntci'nity hymn. Intact, two hymns \vcrc sub-
mittctl to it rcccnt nit-cling of the national board of dirt-(tors
(none of whom :tticntlctl). 'l‘hc first hymn gocs:

Sig/nit I’lti Ant/ting,
Shining slur,

IIott' Il'l' Ti'tiillllfr

If Il/Hll lll'l’.

'l‘hc sccontl hymn, rtttln-r tnorc pot-tic in conlcnt, is to bc

Milli: lo the tom of silso H/irttr/t Zitrtillttislrtt.‘
.l lt'tit rust ifs it coir,
.1 root! is (I IIIIH',
ll'lti H ,t/oti'rr t'tllllt‘t/ c/tott',
li’t'utt Hlllt /' lllt' Hit in.

l’t-ntling thc ncvt nit-cling of thc national board of tlirt-t-tors
(which will ncvt-t' lit' hcltll titt-ittlicrs :trt- authorized to ~-ing
t'lllll‘l‘ li_\'IIiii. (Tr, Tor tluil ttmllct‘, It'rt Inst.

l’crhttps you Me \vontlcring why tht-rt- should be such it Tru—
lcritily its Signtt l’hi Nothing. I can givt- you an :tttsncr :tii
nitswt-r with which you cannot possibly tll>ttiﬂ’t'l‘2 .Vti/ntt l'lit'
.Vol/Ithg/ ji/ls ti ll'tll-Iltl'tltll git/t.

.\rt- you Sllth‘l'illL’ from tttt-til:tl lit-:tlth" ls logic tli~torting
your thinltitig'.’ ls :titibttioli encroaching on your ti:tii\c .~loth‘.‘
l~ your lotig—clit-rishctl misttiltirtnttlttttt rt-ti'cttltttg lit-lttt‘t- :t sin
of Tut-ts? lll short, hits t-tlttcnlitin caught up Wllll voti'.’

It hit, congrtttttlntions, lint spring t~ upon in and Illt‘ s:t[i is
rising, tttttl Illl‘ tttitttl looks back With poignant longing to lhc
days \thctt ll has it ptitltllc ol unrt-tisoit.

If just for :t niotncttl you hunt to l‘l't‘.’l[il||l‘l' lltost- t-nrt»
lcss \npttrings, lltnl \\ltl'|ll, squishy t-onl'ttston, Ilil‘li Jttlll Stuns
l’ht .Nolbittg :ttitl rt-ncvi your :tt'tlttnittlitnct- \\llll It'l‘l\l|' lil"~-
We [it’lllliht' nothing, :tllll, by l icorgc, nt- lll‘llH'f' it'

I Tml \liu:I tlit-itit
i. i. 4.
II c. (/ic ritult'crit ol' Marlboro ('tyiircllcs, promlsc slim/ting cri s
jlt1/Iltt‘lll,(lltllU't‘llilllh'i/ltfl'll lltllth’It‘t'llt'lll‘t'l'll in (if! ltl'ti/
states of This l'ltt'tm. Marlboro ('otutlii/ is fl‘lil'rt' [/Ull iiic.

 

 

 

 

Large Selection oi Foreign
language Paperbacks
JOHN MISTLETOE

Gerald Drug Co.

217 Western Aic. Albany, N. Y. BOOK SHOP
Hume (new 238 Washington Ave .
Mo 'Hlllt

 

 

 

 

PINE HILLS CLEANERS
340 Western Avenue
CLEANING and liXPlet'l'
TAILORINU
We (‘u_l| and Deliver
IV 2.3134

BLUE NOTE SHOP

FOLK GUITARS
$29.50 to $49.50
l56 Central Avenue

 

 

 

 

 

I. Jana

 

  

;,
g,
i
é
t:
,,
f


 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS FRIDAY. MARCH 20. 1964

PAGE 3

 

New Saulio Paves WSUA Athletic Board to Present Proposed
” " Budget to President Collins Today

 

 

WSUA, the University Radio Station, has undergone great expan-
sion since the beginning of the year. The latest in the long
series of attempts to improve the station is the construction of a

new studio oil the Brubacher game room.

I’Ititlo lty I/I/iitm

Revue Begins Tonight...

Once Upon a Mattress is ageililt‘,

wni'tn coittetly which. while being it
sophisticated tnus‘ictil, bus the
charm that is essential to .t fatty

story. Its satire ts ntnci‘ t'l‘llt‘l,
and its humorous sittmtions (no US
nutticious its they til't' funn‘..

The show that Will be lilt’Si‘lllt‘Il
at State ‘.\Ill revolve around llli‘
fztmiliiii' Sitii". oi the yottnt', sett-
sitiit- print-css who, bet-.tttsc of hot
noble birth, \A‘tlS so sensitive that
she was unable to sleep on it bed
of twenty llltilil't‘SSi‘S when a single
pcti was placed beneath the bottottt
itt.tttiess.

Ami Scott ’titl served its assis—
tant director to Miss Liss for Ilii‘
production. (iail Giant-obi ’titi ar-
ranged the ('lioi‘tiogrtipltv.

Marlcnc Young ’ot; is the Lil'-
t'ttitiptitiist.

Kilt.“ on Jurcwnv ’04 is the Tech-
nit-at llllt'tllli oi the production.
She is responsible tor the lighting
and ptops tiscd Ill tht- pl;t..

'l'ho litttllt‘ is an annual I)ltitlllt'—
tion all State. Glcnmni' its ttititot'tal
Tittiti lli'tititlittty, pttst [it‘l'lltl'lllillit't‘h
include Annic Get Your Gun (llltili)
and Kiss Me Kate (llitil).

Athletic Advisory Board will pre-
sent its proposed 1964—65 athletic
budget to President Collins today.
Upon his approval, the budget will
go itito effect for the coming year

No official figures oii the budget
can be made public until the Pres—
ident approves it, btit iii the Words
of a Board member, “It does not
provide for a substantial change
front the 1963—64 budget.”

Present Budget
The present athletic budget pro-
vides for a total appropriation of
$55,000. The present athletic as-

4 Grants Available
To Santo Domingo

lt'our scholarships to the Auton—
omous Uniters‘ity oi SantoDomingo,
Dominican Republic, are available
to Albany State seniors or graduate
students for the academic year IBM-

The scholarships are being made
available through the Center lor
Inter-Antericait Studies iii coopt-i'ti—
tiott With the United States Depart—
ment of State.

Applicants are expected to pos-
sess a high degree of pioficient'y
iii speaking, reading, and writing
Spanish. They should apply to Dr.
l'i'attlt G. ("ai'itno Director of the
Center, lll D—Zitit) immediately.

All interviews will be contlut-tctl
lll SlitLlllSll. and special considera-
tioti will be :I,l\('l| to those students
interested lll l’htlosop'ty, Econom—
ics, or Architecture.

The scholarships provide toutid—
trip transportation. ftill living es—
peuses while abt'ottd, and money for
books, lens. and trawl Within the
Dominican Republic.

Scholarship recipients Will be
permitted to take a Wide range of
courses and puisuc personal rc—
search projects. No transfer of
ct t-dits Will be art tinged.

 

STATE COLLEGE CD-OP
EASTER

Cards and Gifts

Take home a university souvenir

 

 

STUDY AND REVIEW AIDS

such as:

MONARCH, COLLEGE OUTLINE, SCHAUM,
SHELL Y, BARRON’S

Available at STATE COLLEGE CDDP

HAVE A GOOD VACATION

 

sessment tax oti each student is
$18.50.

The Board announced plans last
Friday to hold public meetings on
next year’s budget once President
Collins’ approval is secured. The
budget will be Published in Io/o iii
the peristyles prior to the hearings.

A litie by line account of the
budget will also be published iii
the ASP.

Reorganization

At last Friday’s meeting Pres—
ident Monica Caufield ’64 annotinced
that President Collinshad suggested
to her that it was perhaps time for
a reorganization of the internal set-
up of the Board.

In response to this, the Board
Will itieet this Sunday night to dlsr-uss
ideas for reorgani/ation.

Dr. John ’I‘ibhetts, theonly faculty
member currently serving on the
Board, pointed otti that one of the
mam purposes of the Board has
always been to advise on long range
policy to the President , but that most
of the Board's energy has always
been taken upon wet-k-to-weck prob—
lettis‘.

Subdivision Suggested

He suggested that the lioard sult-
tltvide variouscommitteeswithfixed
realms of responsibility. lle sugges—
ted the possihility of creating tWo
seperaie boards;onc tobeconcerned
with finances, the other With lottg
range policy.

William Colgan ’65 pointed out
that such sub-division of responsi-
bility would not be feasible with the
present Board membership ofseven
sttidetits and one faculty member.

Colgan also expressed concern
that tnetnbers permanently rele-
gated to serving on a finance coin—
tnittee, with no say in long range
policy, might feel that they were
not taking part in any important
decistons.

Other members of the Board con-
curred with Colgan. It was agreed
by consensus that when the Board
meets this Sunday, it will tackle
the probletti of reorganization oti
the basic prestippositioti of creating
cotmuittees within a Single large
hoard, rather tltati creating sever'l
seperate boards.

Younger Members

Michael Gubernanti ’66 suggested
that the Board conduct its reorgan—
ization with the idea of providing
for tnore continuity ill the member—
ship of the Board. lie proposed that
more lreshman‘ and sophomores be
added to the Board.

The possibility of filling all ot
sotne of the four unoccupied faculty
seats on the Board was also dis—
cussed. New student members will
be added to the Board lll May by
Senate.

Six Students Selected to Participate
In Easter Voter Registration Project

Six students have been definitely
selected to participate in the Voter
Registtutton l’rojcct itt Raleigh,
North Carolina over spring vaca-
lioit. The. seventh student and the
faculty atlvisor haveyet tobe chosen.

The six are Lola Johnson ’30,
(.‘liftortl Rugtt and Margaret Jolt-
mann, Juniors, Jane l-‘ox ’60. and
ficshinen Richard llegoman and
liaxtl Kowalonko.

l"t\e of the students will formone
pinup to canvass Negro neignboi-
Lootls and encourage \oters to reg—
istet. 'l‘ln- othei two *udems will
join tin llllt‘tillllllt‘lt’tl team being sent
ftottt Union College.

They Will leavt- tot Raleigh on
Saturday, March Bit, and Will stay

iii the I‘ll'. titittl the following Sat-
urday.

In their fund-raising catiipaign
the group has managed to raise
about $300 toward their expenses.
Most of the tttotiey has come from
State University faculty and Albany
Lil't'tt sources. The student hotly
contributed less than $50.

The organizers oi the project
had originally hoped to raise a
thousand dollars, mainly through
conlt ibtittons ftottt the cttllt‘gecotn-
munitv.

The students arc part of the 1904
Spring thit‘l' Registration Project
spoitsott-d by the National Student
i’\l’('A. This is the first tittie that
Albany State has participated iii the
project.

 

PART TIME HELP WANTED

Only those students with credit {or Driver
Education l2l need apply.

The ADC Driving School

I85 North Allen Street

Contact:

Phone 438-0853

 

 

camp employment 05

Contact: Louis Krouner

DAMP CDUNSELDRS

Students interested in summer

Albany 438-32IO

Tennis Counselor
Golf Counselor
Dramatics Counselor
General Counselor

 

 

 

A thousand people a day

vote the Student - Union way

Visit your

Student Union
!....IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII'll-IIIIII'IIIII-II

Snack Bar

 

 

 

 

 

