   

 

 

  

 

 

Albany Honors Athletes

At Annual Awards Banquet

This year's Athletic Awards Ban-
quet, held in Waterbury Hall, was
highlighted by the presentation of
the mast valuable player awards in
the individual sports. Of the 120

be chosen later this year.

The Special Awards

The tennis and baseball awards
have not yet been decided, and will

mime. mm on; _
Ton Errors Recorded By Albany ’ °

. . ‘ Iy in. in...»

Tuesday afternoon, the Peds played hast to RPI and went down to defeat, 9-2.
The visitors scored two runs in the second, third and seventh innings, and three
in the fifth. State’s two runs came in the bottom of the eighth. RPI was threatening
early in the second when the Albany infield executed a double play seemingly ending
the threat. However, a stolen base, two hits and some poor playing allowed two

runs to score. In the third
inning with two out and
three men on base, a mis—
cue on an attempted pick
off at first allowed two

more runs to score.

In the fifth, RPI socked State’s
starting pitcher Don McGurrin for
two singles and a triple. These hits
sandwiched between a pass‘ball and

 

varsity athletes that received their
letters, four were selected for the
honor of MVP.

In soccer Fred Rawe, a Junior,
received the MVP award from Coach
Joe Garcia, for his outstanding play

   
   

The News Board award was pre-
sented to Len Doyle, a senior that
played on the basketball team. Ron
Hamilton, Sports Editor, made the
award to Len and explained why the
a'ward was given and why Len was

an error accounted for three runs
for the Engineers.

Zeh Relieves
With two out, Danny Zeh replaced
McGurrin on the mound. A walk, a

last year. The most improved award
went to Len Bergan, also a Junior.

The most valuable runner was no
surprise in the cross country part
of the evening. Tom Robinson, the
red-headed standout. was the man
to be honored with the award. Dennis
Tuttle was deemed most improved.

selected.

Mr. Robert Bell presented the
Co-Op award for the most improved
player to Len Bergan. Len, aJunior
soccer player, limped forward to
accept the award. He is recovering
from a toe operation.

The freshman part of the program
featured the Outstanding Freshman
Athlete. Dick Szmanski received the
award. Dick participated in fresh-
man soccer, as co—captain, and
basketball last year.

Crossett Wins MVP

Dick Crossett continued the Junior
domination of the award. Coach
Sauers cited the tall star as one of
the finest. Bob Zeh received the
most improved. Gene Monaco con-
cluded the Junior sweep of most
valuable player awards. Gene took
his award from wrestling coach
Garcia. Sylvester Verrigni was most
improved.

Slocum, Enser ll-l

The varsity tennis team boasting
an eight and one record takes on
the New Haven squad tomorrow. It
is the first time that an Albany
tennis team has faced the men from
Connecticut.

Tom Slocum and Bill Enser hold
the best records on the team with
8-1 slates. Slocum and Enser play
in the second and sixth spots on the
team. Coach Hathaway feels that
these men have made a big differ-
ence this season.

John Barthelmes, the team’s num-
ber one man, has compiled a 6-3
record. Although John is disap-
pointed with his play this year he
has won when the team needed it.
Keith Costello has matched Bart's
6-3 record in the fifth spot.

Ed Wolner and John Sturtevant
own 5-4 records so far this season.
Sturtevant, the number three man
has not been able to get started
and is behind his last year’s per-
formance.

 

HAMMING
IT UP

by Ron Hamilton

 

If awards are any indication of ability then Albany
State has a lot to look forward to in the next year.
The Junior class took the four announced MVP awards
and three most improved player awards last night at
the Awards Banquet. ilow do you like them apples! The
sports editor is a little biased because he is a member
of that class, but that is something to be proud of.

With all this returning talent, the coaches must feel
like a bunch of kids before Christmas. Things are
looking up for State’s athletic endeavors and we are
not going to put the hex on things by predicting great
seasons.

We would like to make a few awards ofour own
as the season comes to an end, These are awards that
we feel deserve recognition although they are not for—
mal presentations.

The Participation Award —- Paul iiarney

The Humility Award —- Tom Robinson

Team Clown Award -— Bob Hart and Marty Eppnci-

Hard Luck Award —-- Ray Weeks

World’s Worst Predictor -— Who else,

There is not enough space to mention all the men
that just missed awards. We hope that they will be in
the winner’s circle next year. Last, the Most Outstand—
ing Athlete at State must go to Tom Robinson for his

sensational running perforn'iances.

 

New Paltz runner beats the throw at second to avoid the force play
as teammate looks safely on from third.

  

Roy Gutwiliy takes a throw from the catcher to nip 0 runner ai-
tempting to beat out about.

squeeze bunt and slo'ppy fielding ac-
counted for the last two runs scored
by the visitors.

State got its two runs in the eighth.
Pep Pizzillo opened with a walk.
Mike Putney was safe on an error
and Ken Wilkes smashed a double
scoring both runners.

The Feds committed ten errors
in the contest which saw RPI corn-
mit five mlscues. RPI scored nine
runs on twelve hits, while State
could only manage two runs on
eight hits. Pizzillo and Odorizzi
each had two hits for the home
squad.

The loss left Albany with a 4-6
record. State closes itshonie season
Saturday with a game against Utica,
then goes on the road to finish the
season against RPI and New Paltz.

Golfers lose First

Last Wednesday afternoon Al-
bany’s varsity golfers took their
first loss of the season at the hands

 
  
  
  

 

Gary Smith makes a big stretch to stymie the runner by a step.

  , Sabre Team loses;
 ,gCIosos Season 4-1

The S.U.A. Sabre Team concluded
. its season on Thursday, May 7 in a
iiiVl-ll'ifla? match with Tri-City Fencers Club
m m m: at Schenectady. The team received
 ,  its first loss in a close meet, going
' H} down to the wire before losing by
one touch in the final bout. The final
score was 4-5. The individual re-

so

suits for Albany were of RPI, 5-4. Fred Maurer’s 68,
wins Losses three under par, was to no avail

Bob Tamm 2 1 as the four, five, and six men were

Ed Reid 1 2 defeated by the Engineers.

Len Smith 1 2 Mike Bayus continued his fine

golfing for State as he toured the
Troy Country Club course in two
over 73. Stan Rosen was the other
winner for Albany, shooting a ’79.
Paul Bachorz lost a close match
that put the men from Rensselaer
on top to stay. Disappointing rounds
by John Vrtiak and Doug Morgan
were part of the Albany downfall.

The Sabre team concluded the
season with a record of 4 wins and
1 loss. The foil team was not as
fortunate and ended its bleak season
with a 0—5 record.

In other fencing action, on Wed-
nesday the Fencing Society held the
Swearingen Memorial Tournament
in Women’s foil. The crown went to
Diane Corueil. The results of the
final pool were

Siena Loses
Last Tuesday the Siena golfers

 
     

‘ , wins Losses were defeated by State, to put the
Diane Come“ 2 1 team at 7-0-1 up to that point
fél’nl‘samiw 1 2 Mike Bayus captured the medalist
' honors b firin a 70 n the Pine-

Bobbie Santo o 3 y g 0

haven Country Club course.

APA Tops SlS In Thriller 6-5
Wingaie’s Cluicb Hii Foils Hart

by Al Min” NEW “US and “WW APA (“Tl-“‘5' Well and deserved the Will. After
Monday afternoon Al’A defeated F0" We “Ml few “Wings 1‘0“ 1h) i"i'._'l ' J 2 "1

SLS in one of the most exciting “31" kid" the “1115 “1 AVA (illiel- on: l'tlllHil‘ullllllnll$3,153;lillllll‘l’i:‘:li(j “my
game in Lezigua I so far this year. “UWL’VW'. 1“ the Slxm 3”” SGVL’HUI In other l"ll'.‘il League clinics the
The final score read 6-5 and the 1111111185 “0 “fed will AVA “lime Ul’ lnfiiiites beat the Saris 10:0 as At—
gume was even closer than the 51" “ill-Sr lW“ 1“ “‘9 SUVUN“ “'1 Well singled home the Winning i'ini
score indicates. SL5 took a four J1”! Wil'iiu‘e'ﬁ “11, in WHI- “111 Willi two men on and no one out
run lead in the first inning on a “Willi”. APA'S I’llifllei',HJSUHH'BW 'l‘lie liullchcaters beat Waterbury
8-] an. they scored ioui runs in

the second and fourth innings, Also

Kli held on in doleul the lnfinitcs

4—3 as the losers i'iillied in the

sixth inning, but could not bring

home the Winning runs.

League II Action

In League ll this past week, Al’A
defeated Ilaggy’s Boys 10-4 With
four runs in the last inning to sew
up the Victory. KB squeezed by 'I‘XO
14-13 With two runs in the last inn-
ing. it was a very close game and
the end seemed to justify the means.

Also Waterbury held on to defeat
the Discilssei's 16—12. The Discus-
sers rallied but Waterbury shut the
door on them to preserve the viii»
wry- League iii

In the only League Ill action the
l"llt3ut‘(is clobbei'od K13 21-6 in a
game which was won on the outset.
Next Monday afternoon the re-
match between Al’A and SLS will
take place and this game also will
definitely be a deciding factor in
the League! race.

, mouse *" an.

w »0- am...

  

 

 

    
 
  

  
 
  
  

  

 

 

 

Mud a Dud?

 

 

 

 

 

  
  
   
 
  
     
    
 
     
      
   
   
    
  
   
   
   
   
    
   
   
  
   
 
    
   
  
  
 
   
 
  
  
 
 
  
   
   
   

   
   

  
 

,,

Members of all four classes form their cla
Ceremonies.

ss year numerals in front of Page Hall during Moving Up Day

 

    

Photo by Church

‘ .. formal

voL. L. NO. 17

MUD Tradition Ends
In Ceremonies Saturday

To the strains of the
University and class fight
songs the forty-eighth and
last Moving Up Day pro-
cession moved from Drap-
er to Page Hall for the
ceremonies last
Saturday.

Corky Petrick ’64,Grand Marshal
of Campus Commission led the pro-
cession. The classes were led by

their marshals -- Edie Gianotti’64,

Wayne Ariliurton ’64, Randie Brad-
ley ’65, George Matthews ’65, Janet
Kent ’66, Jack Manley ’66, Beth‘
Shaffer ’67 and Bill Haas ’67.

Class Speakers Introduced

Art Johnston ’65, S.A. President
began the program by introducing
Sue Nichols ’66, the new University
song leader, who led the National
Anthem. Johnston then introduced
the class speakers. They were Jack
Kenny ’67, Gary Spielman ’66,Mary
Lewis ’65, and Corky Petrick ’64.

Kenny, speaking in a humorous
vein, recalled the happy and grue-
some memories of beanies, meet-
ing room mates, frosh weekend,
and the registration line which “re-

sembled the Depression breadlines‘,
except that one didn’t get any food.”

He set as his goal, something
“not big — to be invited to the Phi
Delat Weekend next year.”

Spieima'n sp0ke or the change
that Moving Up implies, the pro-
gress and growth that can evolve
out of a great past. He said that
in the true spirit of moving up,
“we have no choice but to accept
them (these changes).”

Lewis talked of the many firsts
of the class of ’65 -— the first to
tie Rivalry as fresh, and then there
was Rivalry as Sophs. “The boys

won all of their events and the
girls lost all of theirs - proof that
State was becoming more mascu-
line.”

Scholarship Cup Presented
ean Hartley presented the IFC
Scholarship Cup to Theta Xi Omega,
whose members compiled a 2.525

average. Beta Zeta, with an aver-
age of 2.638 was awarded the ISC
Scholarship Cup by Dean Stokes.

(Continued on page 3)

Next of Sue Murphy’s Ivy Speech] Keefer Assumes ASP Co-Editorship
In Special News Board Elections

As we stand here today we are surroundedby beauty.
Not only are the days magnificent with their warmth —
with the beauty of the trees and grass and sky — with
even the glistening of yesterday’s rain making the
colors stand out and giving new life to all that has
been asleep during the cold months.

But more important, there is a specialness here for
we are surrounded by beautiful people, and beautiful
thoughts fill the air and make it fragrant.-But what
is it that makes the beauty, this human beauty?

What is this ivy that we plant? What are these robes?
What are these hands—these eyes—these minds? These
hands, these eyes — these minds are wh..t is beautiful
— these things are special.

In our small world here set off by ivy, this realiza—
tion of our speechlessness is often lost -— but in the
world outside — the world into which these black robes
will transport us, the specialness becomes poignant —
and there will be set aside.

Now we are younj"; our dreams are so new; our hands
are so stron r; our eyes are bright; our minds are alive
and free; our hearts are filled witha new understanding.

These things mark us and set us aside. For in this
total, ivy—free world each of us who wears a robe
stands beside 15,000 people who have no robe. indeed
each of us who wears a robe standsbesidc 9,000 people
who cannot read.

This robe means that we have accepted a challenge—
a challenge to be free - free not merely within the
framework of a democratic society, but free to ask so
that we may understand, free to know why beauty ex-
ists —— so that we, too, may add to the beauty; free to
love so many things; free to know -— to seek —- to find;
free then to be more kind, gentle, understanding, self—
less; free to give.

But in this robe, too, have we been given to know the
ecstacy and the agony of life. We have felt the pain which
comes with happiness — the fear in knowing that it will
soon pass away.

And we have felt the agony and despair that comes

(Continued on page 3)

 

Karen Keefer
 Assumes Co-Editorship

Karen E. Keefer ’66
was elected Co—ii‘ditordn-
Chief of the “Albany Stu~
dent Press” for fall Se—
mester 1964 by News Board
last Thursday.

She will some as (Jo—Editor of
ihe neWspaper with Edith llardy ’66.

Miss Keefer succeeds William
Colgan ’65  (Jo—Editor of the
newapupei‘. Colgan was forced to
resign his position due to his duties
as editor of the 1965 “Torch.”

Colgan was elected to serVe as
Executive Editor of the paper next
year. In this post he will serve in

 

Aids Deadline

Applications for financial assim-
ance for the 1964455 academic year
(NDSL, NYHEAC, Food Service,
etc.) must be submitted to the Ft-
naiicial Aids office prior to May 29,
1964.

an advisory capacity to the new
co-editors, and teach the news—
paper’s cub classes next fall.

David W. Jenks ’64 served as
Executive Editor this past year.
He will do graduate work at Col-
gate University next year.

Vote of Confidence

Colgan placed his full vote of
confidence in Misses llardy and
Keefer. “They botli have all the
knowledge and ability to meet the
challenges of producing the “ASP”
on a semi—weekly basis next year,
and I am sure will do credit to
both the newspaper and UniVer—
sity.”

Miss Keefer has served on the
"ASP" since her freshman year.
During this time she has held the
positions of both. it‘eulill'e Editor
and Managing Editor.

Miss Keefer expressed her hap-
piness on being elected Co-lidiior.
“I look forward io Working with
Miss liardy lll providing expanded
and efficient coverage of all news
including city and national, of iii-
lerest to a grownig University.”

Miss Hardy has served as Co—
Editor of the paper since last April.

Five Positions
Five other positions Were also
filled at the newsboard elections.

Harold Lynne ’67 was elected to.
the position of Sports Editor, re—
placing Ronald liamilton ’65 who
was elevated to Senior Editor.

James Wiiigate ’66 was made
Associate Sports Editor to aid
Lynne with the expanded sports
coverage of the newspaper.

Judith Conger ’66 and Elizabeth

Boyd ’6’? were elected to the posi—
tions of Technical Supervisor and
Associate Technical Supervisor, re-
spectively.

Before resigning the Co—Edltor-
ship, Colgan requested that News
Board officially thank Joseph W.
Gain ’64 for the services he has
rendered to the newspaper in four
years of dedicated service.

News Board unanimously
oroved the proposal.

ap-

 

Joseph Galu
 A vote of thanks

Editor's Note: The following
resolution proposed by William
Colgan '65, was unanimously
passed by News Board Thurs-
day night.

That News Board give an 0/-
/icial vote 0/ (banks to josepb
W. Gala [or his long service and
devotion to this newspaper. ,lle
has served under many editors
as Associate, Manager and
Senior Editor.

Although we have all at times
disagreed with joe, we all
realize that it would not have
been the same newspaper, or as
good a newspaper, without him.

