  

  

   
 
  
  

     
 
  
  
   
  
 
  
  
  

 

 

l

..'l)\,_“4

 

 

 

 
 

 

’ policies.

, that perpetuates this sip,

 

 

 

punter-point." given E'swit was in the rush of
r'bus’iest night. misrepresented our views and
' 'We are publishing this paper to inform and cam-v
, ment on student life at this university. We feel that

’ one .of our most important functions is to provide a

place Where both faculty and students can express
their opinions, a-place where worthwhile ideas. can
be discussed, debated, and ultimately put into action.

Anylmpression that we discourage, “censor.” or
reject contributions is totally false. The truth is
thatthere have been damn few contributions to ac-
cept or reject. We have printedvirtually everything
submitted to 'us so far which we felt was in good
taste and had something worthwhile to say.

We have also tried to print news and features
which we had hoped would stimulate people to com-
ment. About the only reaction we have gotten so far
is from disgruntled readers who are disturbed be-
cause they didn’t see in the ASP a particular bit of
news that they had in reality never told us about.

We have a small staff -— too small for the kind of
newspaper we are trying to put out. We do rot have
the time or the .manpower to go out begging people
to react, to suggest, to contribute. We shouldn’t have

The only real sign of life we have seen in this uni-
versity is from the students who have started “Coun-
terpoint.” We feel that their efforts would be more
profitable for the school if they combined their ideas
and efforts with those of the ASP.

We have talked with them about this, but they are
only interested in making money. This, of course,
cannot be our aim, but we have supported them
nevertheless because we have hoped that “Counter-
point” could evoke some reaction that so far the ASP
has not been able to engender.

As to our editorial policy, we have tried to remain
essentially university-oriented. There will,of course,
be national issues that are of vital importance to our
university students, and we will continue to comment
on these issues.

However, we cannot hope to see any healthy response
to national problems when the students and faculty do
not even react to the issues close to them, those of
this University.

It’s about time the tools in the Brain Factory woke

thesponse Yields Change

Senate and the University Library have finally
undertaken the long-overdue revisionof library hours.
The revisions will not come at once, but the inclina-
tion for change is there.

The amount of response to the poll on page 2 will
determine to a large extent how rapid and inclusive
the revisions will be. Therefore, we urge all students
to take five minutes today to fill out the poll and re—
turn it to the library or to student mail.

The problem affects all students. but if this is not
indicated by response to the poll, it will have little
leverage in determining an increase in library hours.

We feel that the greatest need at this time is for
the library to open on Sundays from 2-10 p.m. Sunday
is one of the most vital days for study, and yet it is
usually one of the noisiest in the dorms.

In regard to the poll itself. we question the reason
for asking what type of work students wOuld do in
the library if library hours were extended. We have
the impression that the librarians are reluctant to
'open the library if students plan to use it only as a
study room.

We do not feel that this reluctance’ is valid. Pro-
viding a quiet place to study is just as necessary as
providing research facilities. The necessity is even
more evident this year with the crowded living con-
ditions.

We ask for broad student response to this poll,
and we also ask for the willingness on, the part of
the library to meet all the needs of the students.

COMMUNICATIONS

State of Late

Let us have a day

for turning of the clocks,
that each moment be
recorded in accord, '

that one hour he in

flower in each bower,

or with mercy stop the power

 

and cut from every lent its con.

Gracious SUNYA hear our plea,

our cries and moans that ring for
blocks,

and give us simultauclty to stay.

For synchronizing of those errant
clocks,

lei Kronos have at lasihlslitlleday.

"Hal Nouku

,W. feel thatth interview printed  this week’s"

 

  

 
 
 
  
   
     
   
   
  
  

 

 

 

The Play the Audience Does Not See

by David Childs

Everyone who reads this, except for an odd forty,
missed the opening night of "Dr. Faustus.” Dr.
Burian’s moralistic special was first served up to
the unbelieving on Saturday, November 7th. We of
the cast had no idea how large the audience was to
be, but we suspected that it would be small - high
school and Saturday as it was. But it was an audience
and the expected hysteria was evident.’

Lois, the unheralded artist of faces, began her
ninety minute sketching on the two dozen faces. As
with every person connection with the production, she
had sheets of precise notes made by the director, a
man whose exactness surpasses mortal man. Results
of Friday night revelry, universal starvation, and
the afternoon cast-task of mending costumes and of
putting the set up after a Cathedral festival, made
most look as tired as when one arises in the morning.

And so it was and is that all found a mother’s com-
fort in Lois’ slapping, gouging, smearing fingers.
She became the reservoir of nerves, aplomb, dirty
jokes, and family histories. Lucifer attemptedtoinstlll
fear into her by announcing that after the play “the
cast gets to make up the make-up artist.” Someone
corrected Lucifer with, “the cast gets to make the
make-up artist." There was more to her toil than
a jar of grease paint.

Another slave of noble virtue was Nancy the cos-
tume haberdasher. She reminded one of the maid to
Bette Davis in "All About Eve” who would someday
take her bows on stage center. She, too, was a fresh-
man who had as much experience in high school
theatre as had most members of the cast. From Viola
in "Twelfth Night" to a mender of garments she had
come.

As protection from the rabble actors who walked
about in noining but black lights, the champion of all
the arts was in attendance, Huckleberry Alwell. Tim
was scooping the story between engagements as a
folk singer, actor, essayist, and student. This epistle
is to cover up for his keen eye.

The cast lined up on the steps up to the Cathedral
and wished broken legs on all, the Duke was spreading
his objectivism propaganda, the bad angel was swear-
ing, the Knight was explaining APA's football loss,
and l’austus Was hoping the violent two week illness
he had endured would not break down his great per-
formalise.

After a five minute time-out, the team hit the
field with l’ausius damned to the last position. The
lights lowered, then came up, John the organist gave
a few bars of horror music, and then we strolled
down. It took another live minutes before we could
spot the playgoers for there were but a hundred.

Jllbuatry litiudhnai I’reas

II'I’AILIINID HAY IOII
IV TN. cue- 0' IDI.

Whatever their strength, these strangers catalyzed
shaky knees and stiff vocal chords. '

After the Chorus boomed the introduction, he left
Faustus to his doom. Behind the curtains, angels,
scholars and conjurers ran through their lines,
laughed at nothing, commented about the audience,
and carried on like demented beings. The viewers,
a little young to appreciate the call to arms against
sin, stared wonderously at the medieval clothes, the
exquisite llgliifng, and the effective sets oer. Moore.

Meanwhile, down in the basement, the bit players
were in mad pursuit to ease their waiting. A few of
the seven deadly sins read books, the Pope his Latin,
the emperor courted his Sage girl, several men waged
a war over the possession of Bram Stoker’s "Dra-
cula," and Pride stalked a live bat which was spread-
ing good luck throughout the basement. The scene
_was as medieval as hell.

In a play within or below a play, two cardinals
faced two friars in a game of pinochle. With their
long wide sleeves, each man of‘ the church found
ample opportunity to conceal sacraments, signals,
and cards. '

The friars won the layman’s game which explained
their low order. We heard Lucifer bellow his famous
lines, “Christ cannot save they soul. Only I have in-
terest in the same." His lines were immortal be-
cause he said them as. if he were the god of the un-
derworld. He is actually an artist.

Which brings us around to a famous observation he
made about the cast in general. He essayed that
since all of us were in the play, each of us was in-
terested in the arts. Truth the devil spoke, for upon
surveying the cast one found each to be an artist,
painter, musician, dancer, or singer. Robin missed
many rehearsal cues as he sat sketching from photo—
graphs or introducing a friend to the unbelievable
scrapbook he always carried which followed the life
of Judy Garland. Ralph looked like Elvis Presley. ’l‘bc
devils all had been ballet dancers, Lechery and Envy
had been music majors at enemy colleges. John, the
fine organist, revealed that he had been in anal!
dozen plays in Buffalo. It was a situation of one an
complimenting and enhancing all of the others.

Eventually Fausius was carried out to hell and
instead of thunderous applause we heard over the
intercom girls crying. The play had gone well. Up
the stairs the actors trooped where they had to strike
the set to makg room for Sunday sel'VIL'eb.,

Then Dr. Burian ran through his own damning per-
formance using his stock of notes. l"ausius had been
too reservcd at the beginning, the sins had bar-n
deadly, the old man had laughed when the devils ul—
tackcd him, ihe angels had not stripped FauSth
properly, and so on. Ear-b and all was exhausted hill
knew that, for all the notes, the show had stood up.

 

 

 

The Albany Slodnni Pun la a "mi-weekly newspaper publlahod by the student body of the Stole University of Now York
at Albany. The ASP may be touched by dialing oilhu 439~64Bl or IV 7-3326. The ASP office, loculud in Room 5 of Blo-
bush" Hall, is open luzm 7 in ll pun. Sunday through Thurldoy night.
EDiTH S. HARDY - KAREN E. KEEFER
c-Editws-in-Chlsl

EARL G. 5CMREIBER
Ayn Editor

DEBORAH I. FRIEDMAN
Aucrluto Editor

WILLIAM H. COLCAN
E-ecutive Editor

JOHN M. HUNT E R

Advumlnq Manager 'v

Anulani Spam Editor  ............ ..

HAROLD L. LYNNE
Sports Editor

CYNTHIA A. GOODMAN
Associate Future Editor

JUDITH M. CONGER
Technical Supervise:

SUSAN J. THOMSON
:llc Relations Director‘

EILEEN L. MANNING
Associate Editor

DOUGLAS G. UPHAM
Photography Edllo'

DIANE MA RF. K
Busincu Manager

CARREN A. ORSINI
Circulation Exchange Editor
Roy McCloiu

 

Auuiunt Adv." lug Editor
Assistant Editor. 

Kotl Dalnmvin
Jonph Sllvcrmon

 

 

Dull Editor:

llrn lung

 

  

Report!!!“

   

Columnists. . 
Photographers.
(ottoman...

 

. Louro Avid/Full Nelson, Mllyo Faun-II ,
Mourun McDonnell, All“ Nudnlmon, Mlchl Mi: ouch-y, Pamela Flloii
PW' “mu”. Rab!" Judd, Ko[;hy Brushy, David Chlldl, Toni Muller, M. Gilb-n William.

Linda Hondaismon, Short Cull-r, Deni". Clark.
onnis hutch, Joloyh Muliey, 510 on Kllng, Rabat McOduru
 A.      William Sinnbcld

I‘ll conmumcaumu must be oddluucl.‘ to the ballot and mu" bu signed. Nomoi will bi! willllluld on "our". The AibonY
Simian! Plait uni/mu on Itipatmlnlllv li' MINNIqu “around in m columns or communicatinnt, oi such axial-um"!

so no! l-nuurmly mllccl us vow

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

ems-3w» '

by Bill Laundry and Al Smith

--“We have the reputation of being sweet, drinkers yes, but sweet"--

M. Broadwater
HATS OFF!

Congratulations to the Greeks on our campus. The IFC-ISC infor-
mal party was not only a success, but a fine indication, contrary
to popular opinion, that the Greeks can accomplish something and
conduct themselves properly. We wonder how long it is going to
people to realize that the Greeks are an asset to this

take for
campus.
KNOCK] KNOCK! WHO'S THERE?

Would the meeting please come to order! Senator Adams, Senator
Big, Senator Cumquat--Here, Senator Dubin,Senator Efrandisiack..
I’m sorry but there will be no meeting this week due to the lack of'
a quorum. If y0u give me your schedule cards, perhaps 1 can ar-

range the meetings lo meet your convenience!
A BUNCH OF llONEYS

We feel it unfortunate that two of the 'sororiiiesdid not deem to
cooperate with the Miss Campus Chest contest. Could it be they
fell themselves above if or perhaps they Just didn't qualify? We
agree that it’s nice to be Sophisticated, but sophistication can

never take the place of common sense!
TllE,UPPER ROOM

In reference to the referral submitted to MYSKANIA by Stephen
N. Curtl on November 3, 1964, the following decisions have been

reached:

1. In keeping with tradition, the yearbook henceforth shall

be known as the “Waiermocrasin.”

2. Christmas shall fall on December 25,

M 8. Arthur Johnston shall be frozen.
lv‘UF. CONFESSION

We, the Commonsiaiers, feel if is again lime to expurge oursel'ves
for our sins of the past two weeks. Our humblesl apologies to
Gamma Kap for staining their flawless reputation, to Phi Delta
for bringing up last year’s headaches, to the auiliorof"11uckle-
berry Road” for misconsiruing the difference between literature
and pornography, and to the assistant king for mixing up the

epistles of St. Jerome.
WHO'S AFRAID OF THE BIG BAD WOLF

Perhaps a little animal action lsiustwhai the Student Union needed,
especially in the form of a Pig Pool. But isn’t it ironic that the 01
contest holders are themselves some of the biggest pigs on cani-
pus. One, Two, Three, Four, Five, Six, SEVEN! Congratulations,

you’veljusi won!
7?? OF THE WEEK
15 Brotherhood worth $12.50?

'FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 18. 1964

IEACME 5

 

1964.

by Ann Dlgney

On October 5, 1014, the members

the Newman Club reorganized
and formed the Kappa Nu Sorority.
This step was one which caused a
great deal of consternation between
the old Newman Club alums and the
sisters of the newly formed soror-

 

 

Huckleberry Rood

 

by Tim Atwell

"I could never love you;
The cost of love’s loo, dear.
But though I’ll never love you,
I’ll stay with you one year.”
-—-Gule Garnet!

Three years ago, it was llllllllli. Then if was The
Bomb. Last year it was i:iVlI riglns. And this your
(man, I think it’s ()llif‘liii) 11’s Se'i‘. Also, sexuality.
Also love, lack of; long, permanence of; love. founda—
tion of; love, giving of. Who is i’csponSiblc for this
sudden and widespread display of intellectual llllel‘esi
in bolero-sexual relationships? I think we musi hold
Hugh Hefner and Erich I‘romm personally accountable.

Lloih "Playboy" and "The Art of Loving" :ii'cwldo-
1y read. In Fromm's book, we sci- loving us a moral
commitment and a responsibility, more of an obliga-
tion than a joyful activity, \‘.'lili'll innkos hisplnlomipby
something less than uiirai-Iiw, Uui l‘f'nliilfl’s conropi
of love as a gift for the beloved bu». been widely dis-
cussed.

"Playboy" is most I‘I'Iiiilf'llU'l 'A'ilii non-ilniinuic,
consumptive sexvfun, low \vnbom inu-rdopendonr-e
or real need for the love parlor-r, mul \i‘llli the trans—
ient-c of love. liolnanco magazines mo full of grey-
cyed heroines who find iruc lovo \\'llli .‘lonie shorior-
llmii-iall, lighter-iliun—dai'ky proffier-[bun-handsome

_'l‘he ideal "Playboy" stun is oni- in wmrb some
real nice guy falls out of Inn; with his wife and finds
himself a mistress (an old rollcgc swooihcnri whom
he wishes he'd married any way), You can almost hear
Hugh Hefner singing that old Alerter—Arlen tune in
the background,
“liii'ds roostin' in the iri-cs

l’li‘k up and go,

And the goln’ proves

That's how it oughin bc.

1 pick up loo

When llie spirit moves

Me.”

Lanl Friday lcumo across an article in the ASP
concerning some students at Xuiier who demon~
striated ngainsi the (.‘lnclnuili Playboy Club, andl
was reminded of one of the moral evidcm features of
this search for meaning in love and sex, which is
this — Hefner’s crflics act more like enemies than
critlcu.

’I‘he Xavier students tried the same old tricks. 'l‘hcy
labeled Hefner u “Corruplor,” described "Playboy"
Us “pornographic trash," claimed "the enllre ‘Play»
boy' philosophy not only opposes the basic Judco-
Christian principles of our socleiy, but openly advo—
cates their overthrow," and decried Hefner’s “new
morality" as “plain old lnunorality."

(Shel Silversleln once did a cartoon for "Playboy"
that showed a man writing on a long fence. When he
was all finished, he stepped back and the reader

saw, “Hugh Hefner is a virgin" written on lhe fence.
I’m surprised the Xavier students didn't use that.)

It should be obvious lilill all of this vitriolic criti-
cism is aslume and will arcomplisll exactly nothing.
But what can you expect from people who call “Play-
boy” u magazine “famous for 115 daring pictures.”
l‘Playboy" is noi famous for its daring pictures,
nor are its iJlL'lUf'eS any more during than thoseof
any number of ihe other skin mags. (For example,
“Gem.” Or is it “Gem of the Ocean?" Iforgei.)

And anyone aware enough to know that "Playboy"
is not famous for, or because of, “5 photography
and who has lead any of the articles in the “Play-
bu}. Philosophy" series, also knows that Hefner docs
nm Hlnnd dininetrii'ullv opposed to the bule Judco»
Christian principles of our society and does no! ad-
voi-nic llivll’ i)\l.‘l'llll'iI\V.

(1 am willing to bet u year's suppl\ of mlmeograph
paper that the ninsi \ebcmcni of the Xavier demon~
Sll'films wouldn’t have been nblo to clearly ouillnc
inc loan .lwli-o-(Ihi'isiiun principles of our Sui'lPli'
ll be bud boon K'iilli‘il upon in do so.

I ills!) doubt \sbcllici nny [IUSl—dliiilL‘SI'Clll who is
illll'uf'lefi Io “Playboy,” or any other magazine, bu—
cnum‘ oi the skin-pix l'lllilelll rould be returned to
tho fold by violent e.\lillllulii”ls oi [dune—calling.

Nor does ll do am good in ilcuionsti'uic ill from
of a Playboy Club with u Sli',“ saying, “lllilc From
llculiii Herc." Ju:.i CXUI'll) what is reality? l’m
Mlle that if they tried hard enough-the students from
Xavier could find romlnclm: arguments to file effect
Ibul marriage, religion, and going to college are or;-
rapes from reality. And what nboui "Do You Wani
Your Dliugluci to be u l’luynmie?" li sounds a little
him "In Your Heart You Know llc’s liighf," and it’s
u-n times as laughable.

if is most important to project a sense ofii‘un-
quilin in opposing illillilivl'b’ philosophy and es-
puumug your own, if anyone is going to oppose the
"Playboy" philosophy and espouseunoiliei'(l’l'oniin's,
for cxample), he must also dcmonsiraie tho posnivu-
ness of that philosophy, the greater satisfaction to be
found therein, and die oicrall superiority of that
philosophy to Hefner‘s.

Two weeks ago, at The Golden Eye, Dr. Grimes
pointed out the importance for college—age people of
cullivuilllg a sense of taste wlnchihey could then apply
to all of Ihelr endeavors. In "The Meaning of the
blues," (p. 143), Paul Oliver states that tho unsch-
timcniul blues singer isn't interested in hearing his
“kitten purr;" he‘s satisfied to hear his "panther
squall" once in awhile.

if the urban playboy is satisfied Willi hopping from
one panther In another, then Illci'e's little hope for
convincing him Ihai he is ‘wrong," because his fol-
lowing ihc "right" philosophy won’t make him con-
sidei'ably happier. But if, on the other hand, one sus-
pecls that said bon vivanl is unsatisfied and groping
for meaning (as was Harmon Allison),.by the way), we
are faced with the problem of cultivating taste, and
the approach must be a positive one.

CHI SIG'S CAUGHT in front of
Their house is located at 354 Western Avenue and

_7:30—8:00
8:00-9:00
9:00—1

their house assembling the first

fly, but these Newmuniies were de-
termined to open their club to all
girls in the college.

Thus, for several years Kappa
Nu functioned with almost no money
and with no alumnae to support it.
During these formative years, the
girls established the ceremonies,
traditions and‘ideals which still
guide their sorority life. '

Pln Selected

On February 17, 1.020, the name
of the Kappa Nu sorority was changed
to the Chi Sigma Theta Sorority.
At this time the pin was selected
and given meaning; songs were com-
posed several of which are still sung
by the girls; the induction cere-
mony, which has remained un—
changed, was initiated.

Chi Sigma Theta established its
ideals of "loyalty, companionship,
and sincerity" which enchglrliakcs
n pledge to uphold.

As nears passed Chi Sigma Theta
acquired an iii'lil'e alumnae of Wlli'f’li
it («Add be proud, Membersal in:
creased and a new house became

stages of 0 Homecoming Float.
boosts about 20 sisters.

Chi Sig Celebrates SOlh Anniversary

imperative, Thus, Chi Sigboughtthe
home in which they are now living
at 354 Western Avenue.

The year 1964 marks the fiftieth
year of Chi Slg’s existence at State.-
To celebrate their anniversary the
sisters have planned a week-end
program for all members. The
"guest of honor" will be a graduate
from the class of 19141

Reception Opens Weekend

To open the week-end program,
there will be a reception and regis-
tration at the house. Saturday's
activities will include a luncheon
at Herbert's on Madison Avenueha
concert by the Mill Cavendish Trio
to which the entire student body is
invited and a dinner dance and cock-
tail party also at Herbert's.

A Sunday morning lunch will con-
clude ihe week-end festivities.

The sisters remind the entire
University of their open invitation
to die Saturday afiernoon concert.
The Mill Cavendish 'l‘rlo will per-
form in lirubacher lfall, Saturday,
November 14, at 2:30 p.m.

 

 WSUA Special Programs

 

Friday, November 13
6:00~9:00
Saturday, November 14

7:30-9:30
9:30—11:00 Music of the

Campus Beat “The Four Seasons" —
“The Rabbit”

Jazz Scene SUA — Lou Strong

Past, “The Glenn Miller

Story” -— Duane White

Sunday, November 15

1:00—2:00 The World of

3:00—6:00
Quartet in C”

Folk -- Gerry Terdiman

Music of the Masters, Sliubert’s “String

with the Budapest Quar-

tet —- Art Loder

6:00~7:00

World of International Folk Music —

Israel Hirsli. A foreign student will dis-
cuss the music of his country.

The American Forum — J. Roger Lee
Eye on the Campus
1:00 WSUA Showtime,

“Gypsy” with Ethel

Merman and Sandra Church—Ed Schwartz

Wednesday, November 18

9:30-10:45 Music 1 Listening

10:45-41: 00 Senate Report

Thursday. November 19

9: 00- 11: 00 WSUA Showtime.

“Oklahoma! " with

Gordon MacRae -— Art Loder

   
  

   
      
  
 
   
       

   
  

     
  

  
  
  

   
   
  
      
       
     
   
   
  
   
     

 

« SMAL

 
  

 

  
       
        
        
         
       

 
 

   

