 

 

 

 

 

 

LmIT‘lz‘t‘lfbkllztraqt ,-,....u..;.¢~.,osa

 

 

 

 

I WONDER IF they'll try to pick a tight with us this year, or concentrate on breaking 40 points.

Mickey Mouse Would Be Proud

Congratulations, Senate. You’ve
proved your worth again. Your careful
consideration of the bills you have passed
is an inspiring example to all of us.
And your broadmindedness is most
heartening.

We have always wanted to be able to
elect a male Junior Prom Queen. We
would have urged it before in our editor—
ials, but we felt that the cause was hope-
less.

llle Iiilii that Failed

After a hard day’s night in the news-
paper office, we wended our way wearily
homeward. Approaching at last our se-
cure domicile we found to our dismay a
small geyser forcing its way through the
frozen earth and sending ice floes rip—
pling off in all directions.

Not being of a geomorphological bent
we did not stop to ponder on the inherent
physical qualities of this particular phe-
nomenon. However, we did deduce that
all was not well with the lifelines to our
living quarters.

But life was as usual within the con—
fines of the dorm. All were safely en-
sconced regardless of age or maturity,

In the bathrooms, activity suddenly
came to an abrupt halt. All water had
been shut off for the duration of the

But, oh joyousness, we were proved
wrong. The wisdom of our elected rep-
resentatives has again made us shame-
faced at our lack of faith.

We should immediately repent having
written all those nasty editorials about
how Senate wasn’t doing its job and should
get on the ball. We will restrain our-
selves, however, because we have the
feeling that we have been wrong all the
way around about which causes are hope-
less.

water main difficulty. Uttering dark
curses against the powers that be. girls
swallowed mouthfuls of toothpaste.

For one brief hour before most of the
occupants retired for the night to their
respective rooms, our utter dependence
upon daily utilities led us all into chaos.
Some tried meaningless arguments which
pitted man’s intellect against the men-
acing network of pipes and machines.
Only when promises were made by those
without influence in the matter, and not
water would again be available on the
morrow, would the dissenters agree to
allow the inevitable system to continue
without interruption. We all retired al—
though to the sound 'of workmen busily
bulldozing the front lawn. thinking that
at least there would be a worthwhile
topic for breakfast conversation.

 

 

Albany Student Press
ESTABLISHED MAY l9i6
‘ BY THE CLASS OF I918

 

 

The Albany Student Press is o semi-weekly newspaper published by the student body of the State Univarsity oi New York
of Albany. The ASP may be reached by dialing either 489-648l or IV 2-3326. Ti"! ASP office, located in Room 5 of Bru-
bucher Hall. 750 State Street is open irom7 to I! am. Sunday through Thursday nights.

EDITH 5. HARDY — KAREN E. KEEFER
Co-Editors-ln‘ChieI

HAROLD L. LYNNE
Managing Editor

EARL G SCHREIBER
Arts Editor

DOUGLAS G UPHAM
Photography Editor

WILLIAM H COLGAN
Executive Editor

DEBORAH I. FRIEDMAN
Feature Editor

CYNTHIA A GOODMAN
Associate Feature Editor

JUDITH M CONGER

Technical Supervisor

JOHN M. HUNTER
Advertising Manager

RAYMOND A. MC CLOAT
Sports Editor

EILEEN L. MANNING
Associate Editor

DIANA M. MAREK
Business Manager

SUSAN J. THOMSON
Public Relations Director

CARREN A. ORSINI
Circulation Exchange Editor

Assistant Photography Editor ..

Klaus Schnitzur

 

A ssisient Editor ..

Joseph Slivermun

 

 

Dulr Editor  Ellen Zung

Reporters........................,.................Leuta Avin, Furl Nelsen, Mike For-null, Llndo Hand-lumen, Sherry Cutler, Denise Clark,

Betty Newman, Linda Fro-hon, Maureen McDermott, Alice Nudsimon, Micki McGoughrey Pom-lo Filesi

Columnists .......... ....Bruce Daniels. Poul JIM”. ROM" Judd, Kathy Brophy, Dovid Childs, Toni Master, M. 0i|bert Williams
3L s L

 

..Dennis Church, Joseph Mohay, Steven Kling. Robert McOdere

. .. William Sinnhoid

 

v u r
Cartoonist

AII communications must be addressed to ttte Editola one must be signed. Nantes will be withheld upon rogue", Communl.
cottons should be limited to 300 words and are whiect to editing. The Albany Student Pro" assumes no respomibliiry
for opinions "pressed in its columns or communications, as Inch elpreuipns do not necessarily reflect its Views.

 

 
 
 
 
 
  
    

“Heshould not have used
his position as a'profe‘ssbr
to deliver a propaganda
line,” said Dr. Morris
Eson, chairman of the De-
partment of Psychology, of
Dr. Matthew Elbow’s re-
cent lecture entitled “Sha-
lom Means War —” The
Arabs and the Palestine

Question.” I

Dr. Elbow has returned to State's
Social Studies faculty this year after
spending two years in the Middle
East. He spent most of his time
in Lebanon and Turkey. Dr. Each
has traveled extensively in Israel,
having spent a year there in 1957-
58.

Dr. Eson considered the very
title of the lecture to be offensive.
“Dr. Elbow said that the name
Israel is offensive to the Arab
world.” Dr. Elbow used “shalom”
as the epitome of the Hebrew lan-
guage. Shalom Is the Hebrew word
which means peace and integrity.

Arab League Propogondlst
"One should expect more from a
professor of Social Studies than the
travelogue that Dr. Elbow gave. He
has the obligation to analyze the

    

Dr. Morris Eson, Chairman
Department of Psychology

 
 

I would have no argument with w
was said If It was an Arab League
representative speaking.

“He can’t hide behind the Aral)
point of View. Dr. Elbow has the
right to agree with a specific opln-
ion, but he has no right to present
the. Arab point of view as all ob.
lective one."

_ Dr. Eson felt that as a Social
Studies professor, Dr. Elbow should
have examined the problem through
one of the social sciences. “Geo-
graphy would have been one way
to approach the matter, but Dl‘.
Elbow said that he knew nothing
of geography,” Dr. Eson recalled.

Economics Ignored 0

Then there Is political Sclelli'e
and economics. According In Dr,
Eson, Dr. Elbow Ignored the prob-
lems of economics and pollllr-al
structure. There is trouble in the
area because of such things as
Saudi Arabia with Its feudal system.

"The situation in Yemellcel‘lﬂlllll'
cannot be attributed to Israel. lie
also ignored the effects of the (lem—
ocratlc process In Israel and the
economic problems of Egypt."

The newspaper reported Illal Dr.
Elbow has never been ill Sﬂllfll
Arabia or Israel.

“lie claims to be a historian :lllvl
could have spoken from a historical
point of View, but not one iii! of
historical information was plush,
and sociology was neglected." ,

“In the discussion after the lei)
ture, he revealed that he Wits lg-
norant of the fact that between lillll
and 1956 almost two-thirds of lhe
800,000 people who llllgratcll [in
Israel were from MOSEIIIH'OIIIIII'IGS.

"We are left with a lravelngllp
and, at that, Dr. Elbow C(llllfl haze
given us a more general lllllil'ehfs‘lull
of the area.

Refugee Camp Scenes

“Dr. Elbow showed scenes of
refugee camps where people .Il'i'
living five to a room. Why lllllll'l
he tell us Ilow people are living Ill
other Middle Eastern areas? The
pictures of children ill llUSlillillx
conveyed the impression that mm
people are living under pour ('tlllll
tIons.

‘conmct; he sounded like a paid .
, propagandist from the Arab Leagu ,

 

   
     
  
    
 
   
  
 
 
 
   
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 

 
    
  
 

on. MATTHEW ELBOW dolly... in. ham, "Shalom Means War we
— the Arabs and the Palestine Question," before Forum of Politics.

"These refugees have been trag-
Ically exploited by the Arab world
for propaganda purposes for seven-
teen years and he should be aware-
of this. Many refugees have come
froln these Arab countries to Israel
and have been absorbed into the
society.

Professor‘s Responsibility

Dr. Elbo'w's responsibility as a
travelling American professor was
he next point of discussion. “As
it American professor he had the
responsibility to react to Arab atti-
tudes. I saw no such reaction. lie
appears to have engaged in no dis-
cussion with his Arab students to
present the American point of view.

"This lecture was his point of
view and he tried to hide behind the
contention that It was the Arab
viewpoint. It was false editorial-
izing. He has an obligation to give
both sides of an argument.

Dr. Eson said that Dr. Elbow In
his lecture asserted that, "Ifnon-
government people would sit down
and talk, the problems of the Middle
East could be solved. He, concluded
by saying, "The problem Would be

gar shorter of solution If Dr. Elbow
s a representative of non-govern-
ment thinking.”

 

 

COMM UNI CA TIONS

 

 

Council Asks Audience
To Practice Courtesy

To the Editors:

Music Council has been most
pleased with the student and faculty
response to the musical events held
so far this year. The reception ex-
tended tollle Budapest String Quartet
was most gratifying. However, the
Council would like to remind con-
cert-goers of a few facts.

Musical compositions often con-
sist of a compound forln which In-
cludes several parts known as move-
ments; the wllole being the sum of
the various parts. The lnood created
by the movements can be destroyed
by Interruption. Therefore, there Is
no applause on the part of the aud-
Ience until the elld oftlle composition
when appreciation may follow.

Aside from this educational point
of Interest, something sllouldbe said
concerning dignity ant! politeness
toward the fellow concerl-gcer nut!
most Important toward the perform—
Illg artist or group.

II is most discolll'leous to enter
or leave the auditorium while a se-
Ioctlull In belllg played. If one must
leave. all effort should be excl‘led
to (In so quietly, so as not to dis-
tllrll the artist. Slamming doors and
clicking heels furnish unnecessary
permissive rhythms.

For many artists and listeners,
II smoke-filled hull makes It Ilu-
possiblo lo sing, speak, or porforlll
naturally lit a relaxed manner.
Again, consideration of others be-
comes a basic point.

If these Ideas are kepl in mind
the next time you attend a perfor-
mance, llID experience and remem-
brance will be more pleasurable
for all concerned.

Music Council

Student Suggests Commons

For Extra Lunchroom
To the Editorl

I am speaking as a student with a
legitimate complaint. This problem
nnty seem relatively small, blli It

has also been a palm of exll’ellli'
annoyance to many students.

am a regular patron of lho
llusted Cafeteria for lunch and roller-
breaks. During the nooulillle rush.
there 15 Simply no room for slllrlonls
to sit and enjoy their llonn-lllnl-
meal.

The main l‘uSll appears in lli' in»
tween 11:30 a.lll. and 12:30 p.ln..
the very hour Milne silltlelllh Illi'
using half the Cafeteria. The room.»
known as the "Frat" l'nolll Illlll Hi)
"Cave" are filled to UVel'llf)\\!lIr
Usually the extra students 11"» lo
crowd Into the Comlllmls in I‘Al
their lunch.

May I th‘gesl lhnl, (llll‘llli' IIIl‘
hours of 11 am. and 12:30 pin.
that the Commons be used he it
maintained lunch-room. 'l'lllh "Ill
require the addition of l\vel\'e Illilli‘h

r

and about sixty cilaIrs to adequately
furnish the'l'oom for this purpose.

The question will immediately
arise: How about those students who
use the Commons as asiudv lounge?
I shall reply this way.

First, there are other study
lounges In Draper Hall as well as
the i'lawley Library where students
can study at this time. Second, the
hours for which the students will
use the Commons for this purpose
“Ill! be about one and une-balfllours.

lird, the Commons can be used
at all other times as a study lounge.

I believe that the conversion of
the Commons Into a pill‘I-Illllet'ille-
term with the fllll addition of the
tables nut! chairs will be, indeed,
an ease to the many customers of
Iiusled Cafeteria.

Richard Hegoman

    

srwsurs crown THE calelevio lom during the put noon

hours, then suit otien non-existent places to sit down and eat

their meal.

 

by J. Roger Lee -

national concern.

our supply of the metal.

receive are federal
notes.

WSUA Special Programs

SATURDAY, DECEMBER 5 ,
7:00 — 9:30 Jazz Scene. “SUA,”-Lou Strong
11:15 -
Jonathon Winters, Ferrante and Tei-
cher, and a roundtable discussion of
the pros and cons of the Education

program at Albany State.

SUNDAY, DECEMBER 6

1:00 — 2:00 The World of Folk. Part 2 of “A
Crusade for Old-Time Country Mu-
sic.” — Gerry Terdiman
Music of the Masters. “Pictures
at an Exhibition” by Moussorgsky-
Ravel, Herbert von Karajan con—
ducting the Philharmonic Orches—
tra — Richard Bartezyl
Music of the Masters. “Symphony
#5” by Ralph Vaughn Williams, Sir
John Birbirolli conducting the Phil-
harmonic Orchester - Arthur Loder
World of International Folk Music,
featuring Theodore Bikel -— Israel
Hirsch
The American Forum. “Which Way
The G.O.P.” James Chafman and
Gary Luczak are the featured guests.
J. Roger Lee, Moderator
Eye on the Campus—Robert Fullem
WSUA Showtime. “Hello Dolly" with
Carol Channing, David Burns, and
Charles Nelson Reilly—Ed Schwartz

Gama-5W A

by Bill Laundry and Al Smith

2:00 — 4:00

4:00 — 6:00

6:00 — 7:00

7:30 — 8:00

8:00 -- 9:00
9:00 - 11:00

"let be who Is \\’lIllLllIl Sill cast the Ill'sl stone!” -~— John Bil-ii

TAKEN FOR A RIDE
We the Coullllonslulel's wnllll! llke to congratulate lIle person.» re-

spollsible fur the \\'llll(l(|l'illl railroading lull (Ions on one Ill the Water-
blll'y .\Icll. We must udlllll to the efl’el'llmness of LI colllbllloll from,
IIUI llllll Ill ll('('lI‘;lllL'. but ill llllllllllg accusations slll'k. This was not
not n IIIISI'Ill'l'lillie of luslll-n but Iilcl'nlly llll ililul‘illlll. Il' llle llclloll
lukell Is In not a precedent. we \\ill'|l all students lll resilience bulls
lo Willli softly but l'lll'l'_\ a hlg silt-kl

ALL IN A UAY’S WORK

ll‘ol‘ululllllln SllIlillll be gllell to Arthur Johnson. .‘x‘. .\. l’I'USlIlI‘IlI. for
.l pl‘ogl'nlll well [illiillll‘li “llll executed. The Cmurlllnclll lieuslnll
\\'oll\sllnp on Nmolllbel' 2i, liltiel l1 illli‘ ml the Illilhl llollllllo ul'llievn-
Illllllis Ill Willl’il sluliollls :nlll I:Ii‘lll|\ tulle phl'tll‘lplllwl. We run only
hope lhlll so lllli(‘il ellol'l will not be wasted for the suite of lii‘l'Slllliil
liliL‘I'l‘Sl.

GiiOIiGl-L \l'.\S|IlNG'I‘0.\‘ SI..i-Jl"l' IILIIE

Turning the sputllglll II'Ulil Senate .lll<I \llllllll‘r II III nlll- oi the darker
vol'llel's —- MYSKANIA, we l-lln’l holy llll Illllli'e lllnl onll two of lhc
Illll‘let‘ll lewcls are still lgllltul'llly. Conle il be that SIIIIU's nwll Il'lShle
.\lyh'lxlOS are suffering Il'tlil! ll vat-.9 Iii :ln qllol-ulllllls',‘ It's about lime
llllll Hollie III the other lhclllbel's lliil n llltlo \\'Ill'l\ instead of pushing
the jtlll of! on lllc t'llllll'lllull. Ilclllg IllLll MYSKANIA Is :1 branch of tilt)
tillllleill goverlllllnlll. one would think that they would have some part

ill Ils rcllsnln.

\VIIEN iN ROME...

The difference between ll social l'lnt Ililll ll Iol'lnnl iIIIIIll‘ Is l‘elalhc,
null we believe film It ls wl‘ollg ID!" the entire social activity of all or-
gnlllzuiiull In be leupnl'tllzcd by the opillllllls of one Individual. Soclul

functions give this rumpus wllul littlepol'smlnlliyil has, and We (‘ullllol
see how eliminating lilcso functions \\'ulll(l remedy Illa so-called “prob-
lent."

'2'}? 0!~‘ THE WEEK I
Is there such a thing as tl ('lllnpassionllle It. A.)

The times are rare when the ab-
surdity of the new frontier's think-
ing becomes manifest. Yet, today,
the predictable consequences of the
Kennedy-Johnson administration's
economic policies are a subject of

Silver Is a necessary commodity
In our new space Industry. Conse-
quently, we have been exhausting

The Kennedy administration, In
order to better control the govern-
ment’s holdings of silver converted
Ils silver obligations (silver cer-
 tificates) Into paper obligations or
.: fist money (federal reserve notes).
' Thus the new one dollar hills which
reserve

While the old one dollar sliver
certificates which read, "This car-

1:00 The New Marc Alan Show featuring .

titles that there is on deposit In the

treasury of the United State's of‘
America one dollar In silver payable

to the bearer on demand" repre-
sented an obligation of the govern-
ment, the new federal reserve notes
merely assert their value at "one
dollar."

Devoluotlon

This action, In reality, Isthe sub-
stitution of a piece of Irredeemable
paper for what was, In fact, a quan-
tity of silver. None would argusthal
paper is more valuable than silver.

The consequences of the devalua-
tion of folding money were predic-
table. Ill fact, the general economic
law that" accounts for this type of
action was formulated in the fif-
teenth century by Sir Thomas Gres-
ham.

Gresllaln’s Law holds that given
more than one type of money In
circulation all types of which have
ille same legal status but different
status in terms of commodities,
the cheaper money tends to drive
the dearer money out ofcirculation.

People tend to spend the cheap
llloney to get market commodities
which they may. The good money
is saved. Bad money tends to drive
good money out of circulation.

Economic Law

The new frontier frowns on eco-
notllic laws, however. It hopes that
if one pretends that an economic
law is invalid, It won’t apply. Presi-
dent Kennedy, in ills Yale University
speech, said “governments pre-
pared to face technical problems
without ideological preconceptions
can coordinate the elements of a
national economy to bring about
unexampled growth alld prosperity
 What Is at stake Ill our economic
decisions today Is not some grand

am economy."

Economic laws do apply, however,
and only one Ideology can be cor-
rect. Tile outcome‘ of the transition
from sound currency to fiat money
has been to cause people to spend
paper and to hoard metal coin.

This Is exactly what Greeham’s
Law Implies. Today there are two
types of money in circulation:papor
and coinage. Each has equal legal
status, but the metal coinage is
intrinsically more valuable than
paper.

Today, there Is more than enough
paper In circulation but the more
valuable coinage has disappeared.
Economics points (0' the cause of
the problem - the government’s
alteration of the currency.

Folly

The Johnson administration will
not admit Its errors, however. It
thinks, rather that coIll collectors
have caused the shortage. (It does
not explain why this never happened
before the monetary change.)

Johnson has signed a bill to cor-
rect the situatlon. The bill provides
for the continued use of the date,
“1964" on all coins until they cease
to become collectors’ Items.

Apparently this has not done the
job, because now the Treasury De-
partment has T.V. ads featuring
a childish puppet show, the charac-
ters of which implore the viewers
to cash in their coins because there
is a shortage of coin, coill which
the government needs, and you don't
want to be a Benedict Arnold now,
do you?

Puppet shows and government
need to the contrary, the real villain
of this story is the pragmatic gov-
ernment. Tile sooner It recognizes
Ils own guilt, the sooner II will solve

practical management of the [mod-i

 

warfare of rival ideologies, but the Ils economic problems.

lot the Great Mon Speak

by Edmund Cutwoy

Attend my friends, a great man has spoken. Insight,
courage and honor pervade his eloquence. For what
is there upon which we may challenge one whose only
motives are to uphold and strengthen the traditions
of learned peoples. What cause then, to criticize his
valor? What reason to misinterpret his words? For
great words 'are never fully comprehensible to the
lesser of humanity. Alld surely humanity must be the
purpose of his edification of ideals.

Praise then, and submit to, your Mr. Childs. If
greatness you seek, be human and be granted the
honor of his mention. Only in diatribe may one be
fully expressive. And who, my friends, may challenge
the expressiveness of Mr. Childs?

But stay! Do not aspire to dramatic creativity or
expression of self. This might well antagonize your
patron and place question of purpose in your action.
Be not concerned of humanism, or stately ideals, for
this is altruism and alturism is Sin! Believe me not?
Then do. and behold the wrath of his destructive art.
All in this world which attends to fellows is of para-v
mount question. And to be questioned beneath the
bnnd of such insight lllld genius be your downfall!

How then, you ask. may one approach the greatness
of this mall of creation. Ah, surrender! It Is not for
you, my friends. You are human.Youmustl'e1ax, seek
n cave in the ground and withdraw. This will not serve
to raise you, for this will effect only association with
peers. And peers cannot cdify the soulormlnd. Rather
you must attend to greatness Itself, putting all others
nside. And surely Mr. Childs is greatness — though
he would not l‘llin llclmit It.

Be then of few words, or better none — and his
greatness will raise you up, and you shall dwell in
the house of his praise forever. Pnrtake of his wealth
of knowledge copiously -— but in reverence and si-
lence, for great men are to be revered. And great
men such as be are to be held In holy uWe.

Praise not your fellows; hold not yourself to per-
form: speak not of your achievements; have not fun;
regard not the provisions of life; LIVE NOT! Then,
perhaps, your privacy shall be respected: then, per-
haps, you shall not be insulted: then. perhaps, you
may not be forced to appear shamefaced. But, as—
suredly, do not speak! Only attend: and attend only
to Mr. Chilcis -— Let the great man speak.

 

   
 
    

  
 
    
    
      

      
   

   
  
    

     
    

  

 
  

  

 
   
    

    
  

   
 

  

 
  

  

      

   

      
     

    

    

  

  
  

   

 
  

  

      
        
      
  

   
  
 
   
    
   
    
    
     
  
  
   
    
  
  
  
 
   
   
 
   
    
   
 
   
  
  
  
  
  
   
   
   
    
       
    
 
    
  
  

  
    
       
        
        
         
   
       
       
       
      
     

      

