 

 

 

 

-
by Ian Loot" Nancy Anders'orii

v .

‘75:“ ,4/éany 14/2 

 

06w;  bra oat/- house» 4/9 mt /ows out
I 7. 7: J y

  

           

/707‘€ _0o/m,aa/2 64 j

 

J

' #3 joy! asks c/ways [050223 'Z/mtsw/yyws SEE/M

 

So raids. We Awe you? 42/45 1%}: yam; will and yea/~55

O

-

#6 same? 34d— we’re at! in #106 Mes/~57

 

 

G
720’ 4J8 know who’s 1% 6/“ ,

X’s/n40}; - {f’mm MA”; new?)

    

0129/5, f/Iré'a e is ball ﬁat/m

4 1% Muff/E has 6105:“ no?! Sfdlla

[£245 yo!

76/19; C’Jééé/s ﬂr “/AE.

 

 

     

 

 

 

 

., {a
5:;

‘J/r,’ , ._ “.
7'37; ' ' "1'3 " ‘3; //x 


 

 

editorial are hardly worth comment.
The first ~ “there is no attempt to
interest students in production” —
"is ﬂatly false. The second — “the
productions are often little more
than workshops for credit courses”
-— seems to object to an obvious
and elementary pedagogic principle,

The editorialist’s allusion to the
prdblem of seating capacity in R291
is his sole hint of valid criticism.
Two points may be made, hOWever,
with reference to this problem,
for it is a problem and one of which
we have been well aware. Inthe first
place general scheduling entangle-
ments and the unavailability of Page
Hall often force us to use 12291.,
In the second place, we should

’not be able to produce the variety

of plays we do were it not for
R291—many extremely entertaining
plays are simply not feasible for
production on a large stage. Beyond
this I tan only add that we have
been considering extending the run
of the R291 productions.
’I should like to close by once
again commiserating with those
mature and thinking students both
on the staff of ASP and in general
whose values and taste are
so clumsily reflected upon as a re-
sult of this editorial. With rare
exception the editorialist, to put
it kindly, knows not whereof he
presumes to speak. It might seem
wisest to ignore his presumptous
and impertinent remarks, but ex-
perience with the type of criticism
he presents prompts a necessary
rebuttal,
Jarlta M. Burton
Professor, Dept. of Speech
and Dramatic Art
Acting Head of Theatre

Campus Viewpoint Editor

Answers ASP Criticisms

To the Editor:

The reasons for the Campus View-
point's engagement of its present
printer are relatively clear, if one
wishes to honestly View the facts
of the case, without injecting the
malevolence shown in last week’s
ASP. It has been made necessary
to review the undistorted facts of
the case in order to rectify the

effect of the warped propaganda
delivered to the student body on
Friday.

To be sure, the selection of a
printer was made only after con—
sulting last year’s Campus View-
point editors who had themselves
contacted approximately one dozen
firms in the area. The one which
presented the lowest figures (quite
considerably the lowest) was the
one contracted by this present year' s
editors.

It would, indeed, seem highly
dubious that could one year be
among the most inexpensive within
the area, and which did not raise
its printing rates during that year
could somehow be “one of the most
expensive printers in a 20 mile
radius.”

Moreover, the choice of a printer
entails much more than the expen-
siveness or lack of it, and the
unique circumstances surrounding
the publication of Campus View-
point have especially emphasized
the consideration of these other
factors.

First of all, the firm engaged is

Ono‘s Critics proiiiv‘erate
in' direct. ratio to the.
paucitg 09 one's Peers.

 

      
 

 

  

x l- 

d s
\\\\\\\\\\\\\\..\\\‘§i

 

COMMUNICA’TIONe—

a reliable, established firm which
is at present completing plans for
a new, enlarged plant on Central
Avenue. It has done extensive work
for the University, other than the
printing of the Campus Viewpoln':
is presently handling University ma-
terial, in addition to its printing of
the Viewpoint,. and I have reason
to believe, on the basis of the Uni-
versity’s satisfaction of said pro-
jects, that it will continue to do
such work in the years to come

Moreover, such is the peculiar
nature of the financing of the View-
point budget that it is necessary to
negotiate with a printer before its
budget is approved by Senate. And,
since it is not possible under such
a financial set-up to sign a binding
agreement with a printer, he is
bound, almost to the deadline date,
only by the reliability of his word.

Hence, this too was considered
when I was~ pondering possible
printers and my reasons for con-
tracting the present printer, al-
ready established on'solid finan-
cial grounds, were re-affirmed.

Another peculiar circumstance
involved was the drastically-short-
ened allotment of time for the com-
pletion of the Viewpoint due to the
institution of summer planning con-
ferences, beginning on June 29.
Thus, my choice of a printer was
again affirmed on two counts:

1. expediency
2. familiarity and experience as
opposed to unfamiliarity and inex-
perience.

As to expediency, I would say
that my choice of a printer per—
mitted the editors and staff to de-
vote more time in the planning,
writing, and editing of a publication
that must have such needed time if
it is to fulfill its purpose. As tqthe
familiarity and experience, I would
say that because I chose a printer
familiar with last year’s format
and content, it further saved vai-
uable time that would have been
spent instead on a printer, un-
familiar with the nature of Com-
pus Viewpoint.

When I was criticized for my
choice of a printer on a previous
occasion, I asked my critic for a
substitute. His reply was that there
were two firms in the area that
were in desperate need of busi-
ness, and would have printed the
Vlewpolnt at a reduced rate.

Although the offer seemed lu-
crative, however superficial, I
judged it not in the best interests
of the Viewpoint to risk its existence
at the hands of a firm in such dire
financial straits that it requires our
publication to remain in business.
I was not prepared to take such a
risk, for to do so, in my opinion,
was fiscal suicide.

Finally, I myself do not see how
this past year’s Campus Viewpoint
was “messed up” to quote the
typical phraseology of provincial
muc-throwing. It is obvious that
the irresponsibility involved in nui-
lifidious and distraught minds of
the misinformed.

We must agree that through con-
structive criticism and responsible
Journalism we may hopefully im-
Pere our efforts. It is difficult to
See either constructive or respon—
sible evidence in last week's ed-
itorial.

Gary L. Splolman '66
Editor, Campus Viewpoint

~l.\

.ALBA moans m... 

. ,Trioof Films Runs Gamut of Mind:

by Paul Jensen

The second film version of Em-
lyn Williams’ play, Night Must Fall
is part of the current penchant for
making motion pictures about var-
ious kinds of psychotics. This new
rage was inspired by Alfred Hitch-
cock’s Psycho, and some of the off-
shoots spawned are Homicidal,
Pyro, Dementia 13, Maniac, Para-

. ' . noiac and even Trauma.. Since there

are only a limited number of dis-
eases to use as titles, the latest
such films have been givenagreater
variety of names -' Shock Corridor,
Shock Treatment, and Strait-Jacket.

Case Study
Danny, in Night Must Fall, is an
attractive, seemingly charming

young man who is a homicidal ma-
niac. The play and 1936 film were
just thrillers, but this British ver-
sion is really more of a case, or
character, study. While excitement
is occasionally generated, the cli-
max is reached without any real

for whom Danny works.

Actually there are really no sym-
pathetic characters in the film,
and hence no one about whom to
worry. Danny, himself, is the most
sympathetic, as his illness is ab-
normal and he cannot help himself,
while the others are considered

normal and should “know better.“

This is especially true of the old
lady, who wants Danny for her
“son,” tries to revert to her youth
and even betrays hints of latent
incest.

Poor Structure

It’s not a pleasant film; it’s also
a film much better in its parts
than in the resulting whole. Indi-
vidual scenes and sequences stand
out sharply, but the film is not
structured for a unified effect. The
problem seems to be in the script,
as the direction by Karel Reisz is
good in itself. Albert Finney, as
Danny, gives a weird and believable
performance.

While not exactly believable,

From Russia with Love isanadven-
ture thriller that accomplishes its

attempt to develop suspense re—
garding the safety of the old lady

OChoral Society To Present

Bach’s Mass In B-minor

On May 6, 1964, The Capitol Hill Choral Society
will present the Mass In B-Minor by Johann Sebas-
tian Bach. This is the fourth of the Society’s productions
this year, and the massed chorus, soloists, orch—
estra, and continuo will be conducted by the Society’s
founder and conductor, Mr. Judson Band.

The performance will take place in All Saints
Cathedral on Swan Street at 8:00 pm. Soloists for
this performance will include Lee Dougherty, soprano;
Rosalind Hupt, contralto; Ray De'Voll, tenor; and John
Peck, bass. John Baldwin will be the organist, and
the Harpsichord continuo part will be realised by
Mr. Laurence Farrell, a member of the Music Faculty
here at State.

The Capitol Hill Choral Society does not limit its
activities to the immediate Albany area, and has taken
several of its productions to other nearby cities
in the past.

Its performances this year have included the Missa
Papae Marcelli of Palestrina, the Mozart Requiem,
Handel’s Messiah, and, last month, the St. Matthew
Passion of Bach. However, in the terms of one chorus
member, “This is the big one.”

Indeed, it is the “big one,” for as Arthur Jacobs

.said in his book Choral Music. “Although other sec-

tions of other masses may individually be better than
those in the B-minor Mass , the overall high quality
of these sections has probably never been surpassed.”

A Paid Political
Announcement

Pnepare
TED Meet
Thy (Gobi

Sponsored By

 

The United
Protestant,
Catholic,
Jewish,

Atheist

}

Hall.

Appeal, Inc.

 

 

 

 

 

This painting is one of the works currently on display in

'- Reveds Psyclioses, Heroism, Fallasy

well-defined aims splendidly. The
second James Bond film (the first
was Dr. No), it is a decidedly su-
perior motion picture. There is
more depth to the characters, and
a greater scope to the production.
While elements of the book’s 'plot
have been altered, the changes'all
seem to be for the better.

Bond seems less like an auto-
matic super-hero here than in Dr.
No, and yet despite this humanizing
he is still the ideal hero who always
has the situation suavely in hand. It
is said that this picture is more
tongue-in-cheek than the first, and
therefore better.

Less Satire and Sadism

Though it is better, it is not
more satiric. This idea seems to
have been formulated by Bosley
Crowther in an attempt to justify
his belated mounting of the Bond
bandwagon. And, contrary to an-
other advance rumor, it is not
more sadistic than Dr. No.

It is an espionage thriller with
bizzare plot elements that can be
taken seriously or not, as well as-
some unarguable “laugh lines.” The
acting, direction and writing are
taut and interesting, and the film
builds to an exciting climax.

Laotian Fantasy

The 7 Faces of Dr. Lao are those
of Dr. Lao, the Medusa, Apollo-
dorus, the Abominable Snowman,
Pan, Merlin, and a giant serpent;
all are played by Tony Randall,
though the last is really an animated
"doll." Randall, also appears, in
his normal guise, as a member of
the audience of the Circus of Dr.
Lao. Besides the faces of Lao, the
circus contains the Loch Ness Mon-
ster.

The picture is to a certain extent
aimed at children — and therefore
it misses many opportunities for-
presenting the oddities involved in
this unusual Chinaman’s arrival in
a small western town.

Another result is that it states
its “morals” with straight-forward
clarity. But they are points that
are seldom brought up (“the whole
world’s a circus” if you can just
see the mysteries and miracles of
life that are round; extremely ide-
alistic or pessimistic attitudes to-
ward humanity are both wrong), and
they are not expounded obtrusively.

While the town’s problems that
Lao solves are not too interesting,
the scenes with Lao and the circus
are entertaining and fairly well ex-
ecuted. Randall is best as an old
forgetful Merlin, whose magic goeg
unappreciated, and Lao, with his

interchangeable accents, is also well
done. The film is an unusual one —
fantasy is rare these days, and this
one can be enjoyed by both adults
and children.

  

 

c. - .
Draper

Photo by (II/mm

 

 

 

 

 

by Pat Fasano

The comment in last week’s editorial that the State
University Theatre productions are geared for the non-
devotees of the theatre may be true. However, these non-
devotees of theatre may very well be the non-devotees
of culture in general.

Necessary Experimental Function

The productions of the drama departments of colleges
and universities must, of necessity, be experimental.
They are of an exploratory nature, meant to be learn-
ing experiences for both students and faculty. One
should be aware that education and enjoyment can occur
at the same time. There is no reason why the Depart-
ment of Speech and Dramatic Art should sacrifice its
experimental function merely because students do not
take advantage of the opportunity to experience unusual
theatre. Relatively small audiences proves that eighty
percent of the students major in mediocrity and twenty
percent are becoming genuinely educated. The comment
regarding the choice of plays is an uneducated statement,
criticizing the functions of a university theatre and
demonstrating lack of knowledge of the true purpose of
a university theatre.

When students leave the university community, they
leave a center of knowledge, wherein all elements should
unite for the individual erudition. The faculty genuinely
at'empts to instill an appreciation of true cultural
forces. Is it the fault of the Department of Speech and
Dramatic Art that these works of recognized literary'
and dramatic merit are not appreciated?

Unusual and Superior Theatre

When students leave the university, they are able to
find many productions that have more popular appeal.
But they will probably never again have the opportun-
ity to view unusual and superior theatre available at
this University. If this means that students should not
have to pay for this learning process. then perhaps
there should be no budget allocated from student tax
for the State University Theatre. But it is nothing less
than frightening to think that the students of this Uni-
versity do not wish to pay for the support of their
theatre because its function to entertain is being
cluttered by the attempt to educate, simultaneously.
Did the editorial advocate the lowering of standards
to please the masses? Is it so futile for a theatre to
attempt to enhance the student’s dramatic appreciation?

Perhaps more students should attend the next Uni-
versity Theatre production to decide if there is any
“justification for giving away another budget to the
Dramatics and Arts Council.”

Arts Calendar

 

 

ART SHOWS

Currently lemurcti at the Gallery Minmtmo 15 Philip Smelizer’s
one—mun watercolor show.

At the Albany lithillllie of History and Art 15‘ another one—man show,
by Brock, featuring \urious mediums, llli'lllililig oils, ink washes, and
ink drawmgs. The show it; m the upstairs gallery and lSopeil to the
public until May it).

DRAMA

Tonight and Saturday are the final periormamcs of the Albany Civic
'I‘heatre’s production of The Visit. Check box office for exact time and
availability of tickets.

MUSIC

The Brothers Four and Leon Bibi) will appear tonight at the RPI
Fieldhouse at 8:30. Tickets are $3 and $2 and are available at Van
Curler Music Store. <

In a program similar to that presented here last fall, Jerome Hines
will appear at Chancellors l’iall, Monday, May 11, at 8:30. Check the
Hall for availability of tickets.

On Wednesday, May (5, Capitol Hill Choral Society, under the di—
rection of Judson hand, will present the B Minor Mass. Details are
in the article on this page.

CINEMA
Tonight It'G Will show “a Night to Remember” in DIM!) at’iand
9zl5.

on stage.

 

      
   
 
      

 

5.23.5...“ ' r

