 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

. by Tim Amer }
nt down townie AlfredE. Smith Building last
, ay‘to see Barry Goldwater and hear him speak.
1 was one of those who had listened to‘hii'n complain
of being. misinterpreted and quoted out of context and
r ieltlt was necessary to hear bn'e’of his speeches in
' its" ntirety before daciding‘on a‘position, pro or con
ortwhatever, relative to Barry Goldwater. it was my
opinion that Goldwater and/or his supportershad made
su‘cli‘a (big deal)(iederal caee)outofhis straight-talli-
shot-from-the-hip that his speeches and positions had
been analysed much more closely than those of his
opponents, and there resulted a conscious effort to
make him appear to bele World’sLast Double-Talk-

’:>..ing'.;Politician by pointing out or even highlighting

, every one of his inconsistencies or contradictions no

matter how minor or trivial. ' '

_ I worked my way to a position directly in front of
’the speaker's platform and found that a statute of
. George Washington was between myself and where
. Goldwater would be standing. Some may argue about
whether you would have to go to the left or right of
George Washington to get to Barry Goldwater. l
 moved to George’s right, but only because it afforded
’ a better view.
I it started to rain more heavily, and some

girls from Schenectady began singing "The Battle
~ Hymn of the Republic" and it was like the end of
. “Young Mister Lincoln” or the theatre presentation
,' at the Illinois Pavilio, whichever is worse.

The emcee came back to announce, "The police
have just informed me that Barry Goldwater is two
blocks away,” and having been slightly repulsed by

_ what l'd seen thus far, i was alittle too quick to
equate Barry with the ballyhoo and l prematurely
directed my terribly omnipotent venom at Barry
by clearly muttering, “isn't he always?” The gather-
ing was instructed to give Goldwater an “Albany
welcome." An Albany welcome is, in itself, not too
satisfying. Albanians have been known to go wild

V for Trini Lopez.

Goldwater was introduced by Governor Rockefeller
and the crowd- laughed at the governor's silly anec-
dotes about the Presidential candidate, recognizing
them as blatant triviality.

Rockefeller gave a beautiful illustration of At-
well’s First Law of the Relationship of Essences,
which reads, “If you say something and then con-

; tradict yourself more than sixty words and/or thirty
seconds later, hardly anybody will notice.” First
Rocky says that he likes Goldwater because Gold-

, water stands for basic Republican values. Then a
few words about fiscal integrity, government closest
to the people, and the Judeo-Cliristian ethic (none of
which have to do with Republican vs. Democrat, as

. it was implied they did), and then a restatement of

his liking of Goldwater even though they share dif-
ferences of opinion on basic issues. if the issues
he had in mind are truly fundamental, they don’t

share those basic Republican values in the first

If

 

p e.‘ ‘

a Almost all of Goldwater's speech was negatively
oriented. He spent a good deal of‘time slinging mad
at Bobby Kennedy, "Lyndon's reject" who is "run-
ning on the commuter ticket" and whole supported
by those who would have you “vote for the stranger
of your choice.” He stated, “We get elected by those
Democrats who - aren’t too happy with what’s going
on." He hit the Bobby Baker scandal and introducpd
a new measurement — Baker’s dozen. "You get
thirteen, but you have to kick back two." lie ap-‘
proached thesublimely ridiculous by saying that
Johnson isn't for freedom because he didn't mention
freedom in his acceptance speech. Before anybody
gets the wrong idea, let me state, here and now that
I am pro nylon guitar strings and stuffing. And when
Goldwater says we must win the fight for freedom
at all costs and must also prevent war at all costs,
you begin to wonder. And when he says we must
stop all this appeasement, but then says the Repub-
licans will keep the peace-as they kept the peace
for eight years under Eisenhower, who was himself
accused of appeasement, you try to break the state-
ment down and ask does he mean simply that they’ll
keep the peace, or that they'll keep the peace in the
way Eisenhower kept it, or is he merely invoking
the Eisenhower name now that it's been almost four
years since Eisenhower held office, and people don't
remember anything about lke except that we weren’t
at.war when he held office. And you wonder how
deeply does a man think who says, “The only threat
to peace in today’s world is communism.” And you
second-think and wonder what sort of person do you
want in the White House, and do you have to conclude
that there is simply no one in politics who meets the
requirements. You ask yourself why doesn't a fair-
minded and honest intellectual ever make it in poll-
tics, and you don’t know the answer, but the question
indicates you’re feeling about as low as you can about
it because it's such an overworked phrase that only
desperation could have driven you to think in exactly
those words.

Goldwater ended his speech by asking those present
to help him and Bill Miller become President and
‘Vice President, "so we can help you.” Howpositlvely
positive. The crowd dispersed to “Off we go into the
wild blue yonder..." which was exactly where [was
at that point, trying to collect my thoughts. It had been
a bad scene, and 1 ranked it about equal with Hubert
Humphrey’s “temporary Republican spokesman" bit.
I climbed up and took a pair of Barry glasses off of
George Washington. They’ve given me an idea. If
Barry’s boys ever get desperate for a new campaign
idea they can try this. They can spend a few days and
nights putting Barry glasses on and taking Barry
glasses off of all the statues of George Washington
that they can find, and then sell each pair at a red-
blooded-Amerlcan-ridden-ninety-nine cents, loudly
proclaiming, “George Washington were these." It
just could catch on.

Short Sleeve

Sweat Shirts

available in

in assorted colors

STA TE UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE
Draper Hall I
135 -Western Ave.

, —’ ‘ Q ’ O
In Dem-GOP - Thm in
v in the controversial area 0 -
by CY'M'“ °°°“""" tense strategy, Goldwater charges
‘ Sincle Presiding-Em 1:! has; the administration with depending
anzchmfbef g?:es;ohsibilitye’,8lll is ’3; ills lmﬁﬁm‘iowm'ﬁsz'll:
important that We know "Null “m” single new major strategic weapons
constitutes "li‘i‘GSPOﬂ51bmll’"lnm° system since 1981."
awng of nuclear and conventional He states that: (1) because hum,
as. > yield nuclear weapons can disrupt
ﬂ Oran-1:5e ‘tliethtiebétet; “in, yin; :0“!ng the telectronéc corgponents ofmissile
sys ems an ren or many of them
trigger. Senator Goldwater BMW ineffective before they can be used
1 do not Vols! “misﬁts;  in retaliation, it is imperative that
o: poise;t butI £310 yngts v5: for mu- other defense systems be available.
bug for the strength to prevent it." Deﬁne ms’ the Jenn?" “mm”;
His sentiments were reflected fg‘hﬁﬁgf  to phased)!“
later in the Republican plank which (2) Because 01 [he that ban 0,,
states: “Republicans will never un-‘ atmospheric explosions, we cannot
llartﬁzalgrd‘?$omlémg Democ” testt properly our present missile
-- sys ems.
ti 1 k t:
educating... ..  .,,:,°';":‘;:;:::2:€ stricture:
all-out efforts through iully-enforc- m process and commented that de—
“ble manurenw ha“ and reverse fense expenditures in the past four
the arms race. fiscal years had increased by $28
mm PUIl‘“ "‘9 Bum”? billion. He would not elucidate on
in the area of nuclear weapons how much the $28 billionhad bought.
control, the argument gets hotter. However, he added; "lcanessure

~ The Democratic platform reads: you it is there and the world knows

"Control of the use of nuclear "is there."
weapons must remain solelywith... his Albany appearance Ms,
the President of the Ugited States." week, Goldwater ,e_emphasized his
a gaff; ﬁlgrﬁzrsllgiei‘gggzhﬁf statement that the U. S. "must re-
mmder of NATO be given “Direct main strong regardless of cost."
The Democratic platform retorts
command over a NATO nuclear Wm“
gréiggzgegalﬁfmy and equipped "The preservation of peace re-

He stresses that such a move will $335135: :3: "E32150 :2, age war and
not give control to “every local ' ,
commander ,, However the 1 Johnson further retorts.

' . ’ 99"" e "The leadership we offer has al-
of the U. S. do not elect theSupreme read been t t d l ,h lb
Commander and would have little y es e n e cruc '8 or

' crises and challenge."
if any, control over his actions.

If we share nuclear force with our Villa's Looney NOW?
alliance systems in addition to the To this, the. Republicans have
nuclear weapons whichareorwiilbe listed as major military failures
in the hands of our allies, there will of the administration: (1) the Com-
be almost no means of control, munist takeover of Cuba, (2) failure

The Senator answers these ques- 01 the Bay 01 P135. 3111! “nSUCCESSM
tions to some extent by drawing the baCk-up of the blockade;(3)the {n15-
distinction between “small tactical handling 0‘ the Vietnam war Wthh
nuclear battlefield weapons”andthe has been largely ignored; (4) the
large “retaliatory weapons” which "unofficial" take-over of Laos by
he says should “remain in Ameri- the,Communlsts;
ca’s arsenal, under American con- “5“
trot.“ looney now?"

small
medium
large

$2.39

from
at the

Ext. 129
Albany, N. Y.

 

 

7'._,:ra'tory  N  I

i
.; O

the Republicans: "Who's .

 

by 5- Milton Williams

Maxfield Parrish, a name brought
back to the current art scene by the
' Guggenhelm's Lawrence Alloway, is
an artist Whose works are as magical
and exciting to the eye as his name
is to the ear. I
Mr. Parrish is 94 and has all but
given up painting. Livingfnquiet re-
tirement, he must be somewhat in a
state between bewilderment and joy
to know that so much attention is
being given to him that one can go
so far as to say that 1964 is a
“Maxfieid Parrish Revival."

‘ This is evidenced from the round
of showings of his works which
started last spring at Bennington
College, and by the critical atten-
tion which has been paid to him in
"Show," "Saturday Review," and
other periodicals.

Change of Face

The Parrish revival is awelcome
change of pace, which I hope will set
“a precedent for sdme kind of re-
newed interest in academic art, in.
an art world which has for too long
been dominated by an unending flow
of abstractionists of varying gifts.

Essentially an illustrator, whose
work was highly sought and well
paid for during the first quarter of
this century, Parrish did designs for
“Life” (the old humor magazine)
and “Collier’s,” two now defunct
periodicals; and for books which
varied in subject: Edith Wharton’s
“Italian Villas and Their Gardens,”
“Poems of Eugene Field," and “The,-
Arabian Nights."

Working in Oils

Working in oils for the most part,
Parrish's works all showa masterly
handling of color and design which
never fail to create an interesting,
well-crafted product. Whether Par-
rlsh is presenting as to a woman
draped in graceful, flowing robes;
a giant striding across the earth;
______._—___._

G. Milton Wflliams is presi-
dent 0/ Arts Council. ,HiS'col-
arm will appear biweekly in
ARTS.

The Prime: 2931:1011.

irliiliitlt‘eveols Parrish Revival *

or a humorous sketch of an arith-
metic teacher lecturing his pupil,

'he distinctly gives us an image we

can readily appreciate and enjoy.

Opportunity to Escape

His work, when Seen, doesn’t ask
us to lntellectuallze as so much of
contemporary art does, but rather
we are presented with an opportun-
ity to escape our hectic lives, to be
transported to such far-off places
as Arabia, Medieval Europe, or
mythological Greece.

And so doing, we never fail to
respond to the multi-colored can-
vasses of Parrish, with colors still
as fresh and intense as when they
were first executed. This does not
mean that every Parrish oil is a
bright, luminous creation, for in
Parrish there exists a variety of
tone, ranging from moody, dark
clouds to bright, glowing lanterns.
And there is a variety of mood
spreading from light-hearted com-
edy to stately idealization of the
human figure.

Current Showing

The current Parish showing at
the Albany Institute offers a vibrant
exblblto of Parrish’s skills and
craft. On view are several of his
magazine illustrations, including
“Penmanship” and “Arithmetic,”
both depicting with humor early
childhood lesson; and many large
«oils, some of which were done to
illustrate fine books.

A particular favorite of rnlne is

ALBANY ancestries-

"Villa Medici," a canvas ofa stately

white marble villa of the ltalian
Renaissance, surrounded with deli-
cately molded shrubs and trees.
But it is hard to pick favorites in
this well—chosen selection. Also on
exhibition is a small case which
contains some letters of the artist
and some of the books Parrish illus-
trated.

Disturbing Neglect

It is disturbingly amazing to know
that the works of Parrish have been
neglected by so many people, and
especially art critics since 1930;
and it is true that his reputation
greatly suffered from thattlme until
the present revival.

But we are all aware of the fact,
mysterious as it is, that tastes
continually fluctuate. Once Parrish
was “in,” then he was decidedly

"‘our,” and now from all appear-

ances, he is "in." But since taste
is the most fickle of all qualities,
someday again Parrish’s name and
works may grow out of taste.

Renewed Popularity

Yet ii is sincerely hoped that now
his virtues as a distinctive,decora-
tive artist are made clearly evi-
dent with his renewed popularity,
and that art critics and historians,
and most importantly, the art-view-
ing public, will not allow Parrish to
suffer the disgrace and disfavor,
which assuredly, to this critic, he
never deserved.

2 TS

 

‘Primer’ and the State of Affairs

by Bruce Daniels

Perhaps the reason our late, abor-
tive tuition fight did not escalateinto
massive resistance was that,under-
neath it all, we wanted to pay. We
wanted to shed the terrible psycho—

.logicai hllrden of public war'dship.

Now that we are plunging head-
long into the University of Utopia,
the future seems infinitely prom-
ising. But no promise can wipe out
the nagging fear' that we are paying
for present and future — without
benefit of either.

We still suffer from an institu-
tional inferiority complex; we feel

ourselves lo be a part of a secondr

rate outfit. True or not, this atti-
tude is a powerful, pervasive and
debilitating one.

If we do not retreat into melan-
choly fantasies about the greener
fields of Academia, then we wallow
in our self-ordained second-rate
existence.

This is not say that we live in
the best of worlds, bul rhnt we

.Liliie, at present, in no world at

A Plan

This is not inspired provincial-
ism, but a plea to those who would
not dissipate their intelligence or
sensitivity or wit on shadows.

Rllke said, “If your daily life
seems poor, do not blame ll; blame
yourself, tell yourself that you are
not poet enough to call forth HS
riches; for to the creator there ls
"0 Poverty and no poor indiiforem
place."

There is nothing as dreary as
539109 an endless succession of
W

'.Bmce Drmtcls is ro-crli/or o/
"Primer," "The Primer I’osi-
Hon" will appear periodically
in ARTS.

articles or, more commrnly, hear-
ing off-hand remarks tliai we are
living in a cultural void. Drearier
still to hear this from our self-
prociaimed cultural aristocracy.

The answer is sirnpie - but diffi-
cult to effect: to establishacreatlve
and intellectual atmosphere, you
must think and create.

There is nothing to be gained from
coterie “intellectuals” who waste
each other’s time with luanltles and
self-congratulation.

There is, however, everything to
be gained from a real community
of individuals who, having nothing
more in common than the struggle
to locate themselves in rhclr world,
Would be the foundation of anything
and everything a University should
be.

"Primer" and the Phoenix

Each year. “Primer,” like the
Phoenix, rises lrnm its own ashes
and reflects the concerns, hopes
and abilities of a particular place
and time. Sometimes striking,
sometimes trivial, “Primer” is no
more and no less than the people
who, our-ll year, Write. type or' run
errands for It.

It is our hope Ibis
editors, to create :1 broad and open
community of interest and intelli-
gence, Worthy of a University and
worthy of ourselves.

At our next open meeting (l54
Weslern Avenue, 2nd floor ripari-
merit, Monday, October 5 at 7p.m,),
Dr. Mcllwuine oi the English De-
partment will talk about the history
of “Primer.”

If you nnve comments or sugges-
tions or wornl like to work for
"Primer," you are cordially in-
vited to attend.

Deadline for contributions for the
Fall-Winter issue is November 1.
You can submit your \vr'itingtlu'ough
the Student Mall to “Primer,” ii.
Judd or is. Daniels.

year, as

'God Is Dead.’

-Friedrich
Nietzsche

 

A SCENE from the Helen Hayes Repertory production at "Tweth

Night."

Through October ll Moxlield Parrish Paintings, George .Luke Paintings,
and one-man show by Beverly Yunicli (paintings and
colleges). Albany institute of History and Art, ‘25
Washington Avenue. Open Tuesday-Saturday, Ill—4:45;
Sundays, 2-6, no charge.

Through October 17

Exhibition of Watercolors 8i Oils by Edwin Becker,
and recent photographs by Florence E. Becker. Three

Two Seven Gallery, 327 State Street, Albany.

October 2, 3, 4
this

October 2 Twelfth Night.

NYS Community Theatre Contarence.
issue and last week lor details.

See articles

Helen Hayes Repertory Company pro-
duction, presented by NYS Community Theatre Asso-

ciation. Page Hall, 3:30 p.m., Student tickets, $1.50.

October 4

Kerriclt puppets.

The Tiger, by Murray Schlsgoll. Great Neck Commun-
ity Theatre Production; and Rumpleslilfskln, with the

Presented by NYS Community Theatre

Association. 10:30 o.m., Page Hell, no charge.

October 5

Albany Symphony PreVues, sponsored by Albany Von-
guord. "An Introduction to Your Orchestra,

" with Dr.

Charles Stokes, lirsl violist. 8 p.m., Heartland Bldg.,

40 Beaver St.

October 7

at the theatre.

October 10

Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf, by Edward Albee.
Strand Theatre, 8 p.m. Tickets: $5.50 to $2.95, avail-

l'lie Virgin Spring), IFG, directed by Ingmar Bergman.

7 & 9 p.m., 0349, 50¢.

Paul Taylor Dance Company, presented by Capital
Area Modern Dance Council. 8:30 p.m., Linton High
School, Schenectady, Student tickets, “.50.

 

Judgment

 

‘The Secret’

 

 

by Robert Judd

The “New York Times" several
weeks ago reported the trials, tribu-
lations, and final successes oi‘James
Drought, 3 young writer whose first
two novels were rejected by a total
of i‘oriypublishers. Undauntedinde—
fear, and still quite confident in his
work, Drought retired to Conneeticut
where he published the novels him-
self.
Packing his books on an old truck,
Drought drove around the country
from college to college, hustling
books to students, teachers, and
campus bookstores. Last week,
Avon finally broke down and brought
out a paperback edilion of one of
his novels, The Secret.

Worst American Novel

Needless to say, the first forty
publisher's weren't wroung. Onci'e-
viewer called the book “scruffy,”
and that comes close to summing it
up. if such a thing is possible,
“The Secret” ranks far below "The
Deer Park" as the worst American
novel of our time.

A useful measure for judging
books is to ask whether the various
elements work individually and in a
unified whole. A reviewer may not
like a character oratheme oraplot,
but if the element works lnconjunc-
lion with the rest of the novel, then
the book itself is not a failure.

Robert [la/(l l5 cn-edilnr n/
"Primcr." IUDDGMII‘NT is a
Ill(’(’k1y /rmlurc o/ ART).

“The Secret" is a failure. The
episodic chapters form no stable
plot; characters are introduced for
no reason, disappear, and are never
reintroduced. Settings seem hap—
hazard; and the entire bookpresents
us with a series of lncongruities on
all levels, in all phases.

Tedlum Ad Nouseom

The tediousness of the elements
is not alleviated by the"messages“
found in each chapter. Drought
is a nay-sayer witlioui a cause.
His soap-box philosophy is not
thought out, and his “power” which
other reviewers find is pure
“horse” power.

Although I went lo that
strange school where all
the lies were passed our,
provided by our town to
keep the young in line,
i stepped off the straight
and narrow here, too.

I find it hard to believe that a ma—
ture man is capable of couching such
a thought in such a sentence. Any-
thing which might be vital in this
man's outlook on life is dissipated
by a lack of control and discipline.

The major drawback to “The
Secret” is its lack of precision.
if one objective ofthe creative writer
is to make the reader see a vision
of life similar to that of the auth-
or's, then precision and coherency
are of the utmost importance. When
the writing is careless, the reader
often puts Inpre, into the sto‘ry‘t‘han

the author deserves. We read one
novel, and we think another.
Drought is reminiscent of both
Norman Mailer and Jack Kerouac,
but he has none of the farmer’s
unique way with ideas, nor the
latter's brilliant use of phrase. He
falls short of twenty different
writers in twenty different ways.

Disconcerllng sincerity

The one disconcerting thing about
the book is its sincerity. A bad
novel is often as hard to write as
a good novel; just as much time and
patience, sweat and hope, go into
poor writlrig as well as good.
Drought seems sincere in his work,
but sincerity like patriotism, is not
enough. Out of ten thousand people
who experience love or fear, hate
or beauty, only one or two are
capable of communicating their
emotions with any original insight.

Love letters from old boyfriends
are undoubtedly sincere, but they
are not art. (Unless you've been
dating Keats). The ernoiionsarejust
as genuine, but they are housed in
cliches and stllted prose. Suicide
notes rarely show ovldeuce of cre-
ative writing, but few can deny the
sincerity of a suicide.

Reading “The Secret” islike talk-
ing with a drunkard; maybe he has
something to say, maybe he wants
to say it, but drunkards only make
sense to other drunkards.
.———-—-—-———-———~-
Next week:

Del/inf begins a series on
1964 political procedure.

 

