  
     
  

  
   
  
    
  
   

4!

      
  
   
    
    
     
   
   
   
  
 
  
  
 
 
    
     
    
     
   
   
   
   
   
  
   
  
     
  

 

  

 {saint-"rev

   
 

9

 

 

 

study suddenly washes over us.

To say that the dormitories are neisy
Even with im-
posed quiet hours studying is often dif-

is an understatement.

ficult.

The paramount commodity that one can
possess during the exam period is a quiet
and solitary place to study. With limited

I f   shun

'7 '4 library facilities Needed

In two weeks another round of final ex-
ams 'will be upon us. Under this barrage lly resembling a solution is the utilization
"of pressure and last-chance situations, of classrooms for nightly study. Even
the natural Phenomenon called intense these could be closed at 10 p.m., but at
any rate would provide an extra five hours
of concentrated study time.

space in all the dormitories, and poor

facilities provided in many, the library
remains one of the only solutions to the

problem.

The library is fine during the year
when, at least on weeknights, it remains
open until ten o’clock. However, finals
bring up the traditional problem of exams
on Saturdays. Since the library is closed
at 5 p.m. on Fridays, space is put at a

premium.

We would hope that for at least the two
Weekends involved in the final exam per.-
iod the Hawley Library will remain open
until 10 p.m. It is ridiculous to assume
that the library facilities are not needed
during these most crucial two weeks.

hidden.

Dippikill Referendum

We hate to resurrect old issues, but
we feel that it is time once again to
remind our fellow students of the Great
White Elephant of the North in which
over ten thousand dollars of their money

is presently tied up.

We had the opportunity to visit the
fabled Dippikill. this weekend, and we
are happy to report Virginia, that there
really is a Dippikill. Unfortunately, it
is not a Dippikill that is worthy of the
money or time that has been exerted

on it to date.

We freely admit that Dippikill is in-
deed a beautiful camp. It provides a
startling change from the monotony of
Albany. For those who enjoy the out—
doors, it is a tremendous opportunity

is by car.

   

Mt,- MAY .19. 1964

The only other possibility even remote-

Empty classrooms are really ideal for
the quiet and solitude they afford. We
feel that mature behavior on the students
part could be assured, if this has re-
mained a basis for keeping the class-
rooms closed up to this time.

As far as closing up the buildings, if
the rules for use were posted, and the
students were aware of the time limit,
it would be an easy matter for the night
watchman to quickly check for any strag-
glers and then look up. Daytime use of
empty rooms is ordinary and frequent, but
as soon as the last classes have exited,
the privilege of diassroom study is for-

With the prob 16 m of overcrowded dorms,

' f t d t th . en

:2: algfagigngitxezdiig til; Suseagfzhe already begun to look ahead to next year. But as we

libr'ary and cla'ssmoms as study facilities look ahead to see where we will go, we also look back
remains, we feel, the only sensible ave- to see how far we have Come'

nue of approach to an urgent problem.

Dippikill is located yonder up north
from Albany to the tune of about ninety
miles. Unless one is particulary adept
at bicycling, the only way to reach it

The average State student does not

have a car and has very little prospect
of ever obtaining a car during his stay
at the University. Therefore, his modus
viviendi of reaching Dippikill is rather
severely limited.

Also, and more important, we believe

that if the average student did possess

to relax and enjoy away from the pres-

sures of the University.

But, it is horribly expensive to run
and maintain. Couple this with the camp’s
inaccessibility to the majority of stu—
dents, and it becomes a definite liability
on the budget of Student Association.

 

Current Comment

a car, he would not bother to go to Dip—
pikill anyway.

Camp Board’s lack of success in per-
suading people to go to the Camp is
indicative of this general lack of in-
terest in Dippikill.

We say it is time for Senate to or—
ganize a student referendum to decide

the fate of this inaccessible, largely
unused piece of terra firma.

We are sure that the students would
respond with a resounding approval to
unload the camp.

Possible Republican Split Foreseen

by Joseph W. Colo

The two senators from New York
State have started a discussion which
frightens their Republican party.
Jacob K. .a'its, perhaps the most
liberal Republican in the Senate,
indicated that he might not support
the national ticket if it is composed
of conservatives.

This Statement has several in-
terpretations. Some think that Javlts
is hoping the Republicans Will nom—
inate a conservative other than Gold-
water and will nominate him for the
Vice Presidency,

Others feel that Javits is simply
trying to bolster the campaign for
Rockefeller. The interpretation
which frightens members of thelte-
publican party is the one that sees
Javits organizmg a liberal bloc of
senators who will reluse to cani—
paign for the national ticket.

Coalition

The results of having such coali—
tion of liberals avoid the campaign
could destroy what little chance of
victory the Republicans still claim.
Javtts is said to feel that the
political situation is right for a
Jew to be nominated for the Vice

Prestdency. This is a part of the
rlcfeatist attitude of many ltepub-

Ilfﬁillih. They feel they are going
to lose and might JllSl as well set
a precedent it] so doing.

The two precedents being con—-
sidered by this group are noni—

lnatlng a Jew or nominating Lt wo—
man. Margaret Chase Smith is hop—
ing for the latter.

New York’s junior senator, Keri—
netti Ii. Keating, has said his sup—
port of the national ticket may de-
pend on a liberal platform. This is
as devisive as the JaVits position.
And it does, in a like manner, de—
light the Democrats.

Meaningless Statements
It appears that Keating is dis-
playing his usual glib double talk.
He does not say he will only Sllp~
port a candidate With a moderate
or a liberal program. lie does not

say he will refuse to support a
candidate With a conservative pro-
gram.

Keating seems only to care about
the platform of ltlb‘ party. No plat-
form of a mayor patty has lit:t:ll lul-
fllleil since James K. i’olk infur—
jalctl the country by doing what he

promised to do.

Keating appears to want to ride two
horses -— each going a different di-
l‘et’lluli. lie seems to admit that
Goldwater will either be nominated
or Will control the nomination. He
knows [Illii he has established it
send—liberal record as ii Senator.

Keaiing faces the problem of get-
ting rte-elected. llis victory in 1958
was due more ioltockel'eller’s mar-
gin and the reaction against De
Sapio’s dictation of Frank llogan as
the Democratic candidate.

Problems

Now Keatmg faces a stronger
Democratic party Willi the backing
of a Republican party split by the
newly loriiied Conservative Party.
Keating hopes to maintain the con—
sei'vatlve support he gained while
a strict conservative in the House,

The fun comes in when Keatlng
tries to maintain the support of
the conservative areas of the state
at the same time as winning lib~
oral votes by telling of his luke

warm liberal record in the Senate.
Ambition rules the state. Itocky
wants to be President, Javtts wants

to hi: Vice President, and Keating
wants to be rc—elcctorl.

 

 

 

 

 

If you think you can get 2 term papers, 3 education reports done
and read 2139 pages in the next week and a half, well....Good
Luck!!!

Editors Ilianli tclgan

As Co-Editors of the “ASP” for 1964—65, we have

We have come a long way since last September.
While credit goes to all the members of hard-working
staff, it goes especially to ourEditor-in-Chief, William
Colgan.

Any organization is only as effective as its leaders,
and Bill has provided strong leadership as well as a
tremendous example throughout the year.

It has been largely through his guidance and encour—
agement that the paper has enlarged and developed so
markedly. He conceived the idea of publishing twice-
weekly, and he has made that idea a reality.

Under him, News Board has expanded from seven to
nineteen members, and the number of pages published
has increased. He has also brought the quality of the
paper up to a first-class standard.

He is, as the saying goes, “a hard guy to follow.”
He has set high standards, but these will be met and
raised as we serve the needs of a growing University.

We will continue to attack what we believe is wrong,
and to defend what we believe is right, We will continue
to provide both adequate University news coverage and
a forum for the expression of student opinion in the
interests of a well-informed and critical student body.

Edith S. Hardy
Karen E. Keefer
1964-65 Co-Editors

 

Albany Student Press

ESTABLISHED MAY 1918
BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

 

The Albany Student Pres: is a newspaper published by the Student body at the
State University at new York at Albany. The ASP may be reached by dialing
489-648]. The paper can also be reached 17 dialing Brubocher Hall at IV 2-3326.
The ASP ellice, located in Room 5 ol grubochor Hall, is open from 7:00 '0
“:00 p.m. Sunday through Thursday.

WILLIAM H. COLGAN - EDITH 5. HARDY
Co-Editors-in-Chiel

KAREN E. KEEFER

R NA w. A 0N
Managing Editor 0 L0 H MILT

Sporn Editor

EARL G. SCHREIBER

A," Edi"), JACQUELINE R. ADAMS

Associate Editor

LINDA A. McCLOUD

Auocia'. Educ, DEBORAH l. FRIEDMAN

AIIocIate Edltm

CYNTHIA A. GOODMAN

Auociote Feature Editor HAROLD L. LYNNE

Associate Sports Editor

DAVID W. JENKS

Elecutive Editor JOSEPH W' GALU

Senior Editor
JUDITH D. METCALF
Bullneu Manager

JUDITH M. CONGER
Auccrote Technical Superwsor

JOANNE C. SOEIK
Consultant Advertising Editor

JOHN M. HUNTER
Advertising Manager

DOUGLAS (3. UPHAM
Photography Editor

CARREN A. ORSINI
Circulation '?irhonge Editor
SUSAN J. THOMSON
Public Relations Editor

Assistant Editors ........................ ..

Desk Editor: ........ .. 8"“

 
 

............... .........Jol.pb silvermun, NoncJ
oh 20091 Karen Callison, Mary Lou

ioneu

Reporters........................................Eil"n Manngnol a": aogd' Roummr Momoun
- em rout WI Ilom Smith
Commun'h'xl """ 'b‘"""P°UI J'm'n. .loIbPh Gem". Pot F::ano, ’Kothy Brophy.
e: ellini, Steve Cum, J. Roger Lee, Ion Leer, NanCy Anderson,

Mory Lewis, Carolyn Schmoll

Photographers. ............................. “Dennis Chmcy.’ Richmd Lek", Jouph Muhuy

All communication: must be oddreu '
_ ed to the Editor and must be signed. Nomi"
Will be Withheld on toque". The ASP assumes no responsibility for opinion“

expressed In its columns ' '
. I or communication: as uch it to I on: do 00'
unouorily reflect its views. ' ‘ . p . I

'Named Warden Scholars

  

Richard Szymanski ’67, and Mt-
chael Goldych, an incoming fresh-
man, have been named James War-
den scholars.

Richard Szymanski, in his fresh-
man year at Albany State, has been
a Dean’s list student, captain of
the freshman soccer team, and a
member of the freshman basketball
and wrestling teams.

At Wayland Central High School,
he was valedictorian and president
of his class, a member of the Na-
tional Honor Society, President of
the Boys Athletic Association, a
letterman in soccer, basketball and
track.

Michael 'Goldych, who will grad-
uate from Phoenix Central Sch001
this June, has been an honor stu-
dent, a leader in student govern-
ment and class activities, and a
letter-man in football, wrestling, and
baseball during the past four years.

Both students. have shown the
leadership qualities, determination,
concern for others, and versatility
which characterized James Warden.

First Scholarship
The James Warder scholarship
is the first undergraoaate scholar-
ship in the history of the Univer-
sity. It was instituted to commem—
orate the memory of James A.

Warden, who was an outstanding
scholar and athlete during his years
at State.

Warden died of cancer in August,
1959, and shortly thereafter the
Class of 1961 initiated a drive
among the Alumni to establish a
scholarship memorial in his name.
The fund has received strong sup-
port from the Alumni, and students
of the University.

During his years at State, Warden
was a member of MYSKANIA, In‘-
terfraternity Council, Potter Club,
Choral Groups, and of the Varsity
basketball, baseball and soccer
teams.

Taught High School
Warden continued his education
at Washington University, Clarkson
College, and RPI. He taught seven
years at Holland, Patent, New York.
Two scholarships awarded yearly
by this community give an indication
of his contributions as a teacher
and as a member of the community.

 

Activities Day

Activities Day is scheduled to be
held on Wednesday, Sept. 16, 1964,
the day before classes start next
semester. There will be an impor-
tant meeting on Wednesday, May
20, at 7:30 p.m. in Bru of all or-
ganizations that wish to participate.

'The presidents of these organi-
zations for next year should be
president. If the president is unable
to attend, a representative should
be designated.

In order to acquire interested
workers for next year, it is im-
portant that the organization itself
show some interest. If there are

’eJV‘maku,’  .~. us  .

"ALBANY STUDENT PRESS TUESDAY. M

Soph, Incoming Fmsh Reforms to discuss

Albany 8in Politics

Forum of Politics will present a
panel discussion entitled, “Albany
Politics: Why Reform?" at8:30p.m.
tonight in Brubacher Private Dining
Room.

The panel discussion will present
an in-depth consideration of current
political reform movements in Al-
bany county.

The speakers are George Robin-
son, the County Supervisor of Co-
hoes, George Harder, "Reform"
Democrat candidate for First AI-
bany Assembly District, and Gren-
ville Rand, County Chairman of the
Citizens United Reform Effort
(CURE).

Dr. Paul 1“. Wheeler of the So-
cial Studies, will serve as mod-
erator.

The panel will attempt to pre-
sent a view of the alleged reasons
for, and possible roads to, reform
in Albany County.

Robinson’s Citizens Party in Co-
hoes recently captured three Super-
visor offices from regular Demo-
cratic party incumbents.

Harder will bid for election to
the Assembly as a reform candi-
date in the First Assembly District.

Rand is the present leader of
CURE, which made an unsuccessful
bid in 1961 to unseat Mayor Erastus
Corning from his long-held office.

Moving Up Day

Corky Petrick then directed the
formal Moving Up.

The class of ’64, for the second
year in a row, was awarded the
Best Participation Plaque.

Then, the classes, directed by
Harry Gardner ’65, proceeded out
to the Page Field where the class
numerals were formed.

Murphy Gives Ivy Speech
Sue Murphy ’64, Campus Queen,
planted the traditional ivy, andthen,
as Ivy Speaker, presented the con-
eluding speech.
Site spoke of the agonies and the
ectacies of life and how much there

 

  

  v -.v»-    .- U... .

AY 19. 1964

lry Speech

when we have seen the pain, the sorrow, the injustice.

Though we are so new at life we have begun to feel
and taste the bitterness it holds. '

We have grown angry —

We have cursed and cried out against those things
which are not good. We have screamed and wept within
ourselves saying again and again: It’s not fair! It’s not
fair! It’s not fair!

And we have longed to be able to make it fair.

We have felt shame and confusion. We have looked
then into ourselves — and at first we long wistfully for
the days of childhood — the days when we were so
obedient and good — when life was simple and kind. ‘
Perhaps we were better people before we came here -
but in only a superficial way, for the good was external.
automatic, devoid of real understanding and intent.

We were naive, dependent, sheltered. Goodness was
almost easy.

But now we have seen that goodness is not easy. It is
hard and to be human is to be constantly pitted against
ourselves.

 

This is the mark of the robe. This joy, this ecstacy
this is the reward of the robe —this agony, this pain —
this is the price of the robe.

But as this ivy planted today releases some of us
from the protection of the ivy walls, what are we to do?
If we are special people, are we not then charged to a
lasting specialness — Must not our lives be special?

William Wordsworth once wrote these lines concern-
ing the death of innocence and the resultant birth of
responsibility.

What though the red which was once so bright

Be now forever taken from us

Though nothing can bring back the hour

Of splendor in the grass of glory

We will grieve not rather finally

Strength in what remains behind

In the primal sympathy that springs from out of
human suffering.

This is the great gift of the robe —- this sympathy and
understanding of other men — this sharing in the agony
and ectacy of life, this tolerance, this new awareness
of responsibility, this great surging need to give of
ourselves. It is not ironic that this was the them of our
freshman literature course “Wisdom through Suffer-
ing.”

Several years ago a small girl captured the imag-

    
    

 

 

.  :Iailymuurﬁteiggj, ’fglrfaf: XlOélézctHEﬁ: Lilgqvilo in this world. (See speech
Our inventory is high
So--out goes the stock and
down go the prices on
' Jackets
Sweatshirts
Bibs
Leisure Shirts
Mau-Maus
Nilees
. Tom Boys
Surf Shirts
Prices are SiASllEll
at the STATE COLLEGE CO-OP
.b Some merchandise soiled and damaged
Sorry no refunds on sale llieI'CI'Ialitiior.’

 

ination of America. Her name was Eloise and as she
roamed around the Plaza Hotel in New York she caused
absolute havoc. And we see her late in the evening
climbing into bed and as she yawns and stretches. she
tries to look forward to the comingday and she thought-
fully signs, “0 Lord, there’s so much to do tomorrow
I think I’ll pour apitcherofwater down the mail shute.”

We look at the world today and we too cry out “0
Lord there’s so much to do” for in our world

POVERTY is real; it fills the world and takes the
strength and will from the hearts of millions of men.

DISEASE is real; it eats at the minds and souls of
men, crippling their hands, blinding their eyes.

FEAR is real, it keeps men from being free.

PREJUDICE-HATRED—SELFISHNESS keep men from
the realization of peace.

When we yawn and stretch tonight and think of our
world here and cry “0 my God there’s so much to
do” we must plan for tomorrow knowing what we are/
who we are/why we are.

We know that man can only give of those things that
he possesses — And we who have been given so much
cannot turn aside from those whose cries and screams
echo throughout the world.

Let us go from here — some of us today - others
tomorrow -— aware of the specialness we poSsess.

Knowing that the ivy we plant here today makes us
free —- knowing that the robe we wear marks us --
dedicates us to the transmission of this freedom —-
knowing that these bands are strong and healthy so
that they might serve — knowing that these eyes are
alive that they may see so that they may see what we
have, so that we may then see with anew sight-
and delve beneath the surface of life.

Let us leave knowing that these minds are awake
and free so that they may bring us joy and that we may
then bring this joy to others; knowing that we must
now understand others as we may not expect them to

understand us. Knowing that we are here condemned
to a life of love — of giving -— a life of loving life —~

of living love.

FOREVER

  

