 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Are you sure the scholarship checks aren't in yet.

,I’Ilroioggy‘ of Western Wash

lay ﬁnvldﬂlrllda‘

.Whlle they’re packing them in at the W.T. and
the Y., they’re packing them in at Launder-ease.
This laundromat, located across from Albany High at
“9 Washington Avenue, is open from six A.M. until
twelve-thirty A.M. as a public service to keep Al-
bany clean. lnto_General Electric and Cissell litter
,baskets go the smoggy, soggy ralment oimany college
students.

The decorations and proiundity of signs indicate
its intelligent clientel. One is ‘drawn to the well-lit

: establishment by the plagerlzed portraits of Lucie
and Charlie Brown. One enters upon a well-traveled
red carpet reading the first in a series of “do-not"
signs. One may launder but may not bring pets,
dye or tint, have an accident, commit larceny(mirror
hidden cameras catch ten year violators), and letter.
1 stand guilty of the last crime.

The machines are attractively numbered and hide-
ously painted for the forgetful soil. Seating is amply
provided by two wonden benches back out on the
street. For the gambler there is a gold wrapped
box into which one drops a chance for a free super-
sonic car wash. For the bargain hunter there is a
bulletin board with items for sale such as: bike,
cabinet, molded art, ’l‘.V., watches, car, and a
squirrel monkey. The reader was encouraged to beat
a path to 15 West Street and play the maze game
for: fifty cents. And fbr the unconventional there
was a request to vote the Johnson-Keating ticket.

The place is.owned by a distant bourgesols but
is maintained by a dear seventy year old millionaire
who works for the enjoyment. This peach-faced,
toothless and courageous ancestor of modern Albany
is the Gertrude Stein of wash artists. She told of the
many sordid characters who hang around (novitiates
oi detergency) but claims no fear of anything that
"walks, crawls, files. or swims.” However, last
week a man was idling in a corner drug store on
Western Avenue adjacent' to the high school and was
the target of an assasin’s bullet - things that shoot
keep her mind alive.

The patrons are individuals, too. They arrive
with laundry bags such as boxes, cellophane sacks,

' grocery carts and sheets but generally carry the
clean laundry out in the same filthy containers.
Launder-ease is, nonetheless, a home away from
home. The patrons stand and stare at the dryers
as if they were round television sets - waiting to see
if the ﬂoating garments will resolve the sensational
drama of wet versus dry. Like television, endings
are normally happy.

Yet, the dryer watcher, is also a man seeing his
life being tossed in a different, unexpected form,
never identical, but always in the same small, con-
tained sphere with heat emanating from an outside,
unknown element which he will never understand and
which he knows will cease some day after a certain

r} :—

number of rises and falls. And even if he has the
good fortune to have extra decades, yet his life
will dry up though he may continue to live and be
tossed. The very heat which gives him life will be
that which will kill him - and the higher the temper-
ature selected, the swifter will his existence be
dehydrated.

A petite, black haired nymph entered alone,dumped
her clothes, spread snowey Tide at “five cents off"
onto the sweaty armor, and sat down to await cleans-
ing of her facades. Being the only femalelhave
seen to sport a pair of genuine men’s Lee Rider
genes, I drank in her rebellion of mommy, daddy,
and the gold cross necklace she affected.

Socklessly pigeontoed she wrapped her conscience
in Mary Macarthy's “The Group" (now in paperback
for cheaper emancipation). H'er washer was her
brain, a scene of clashing forces of the mind churn-
ing to make ages oi fetishes and untruths pure and
natural as a new born babe. And like the babe, wet
and sticky, Lee Rider would gently stuff the clothes
into an incubator and await rebirth oi innocence -
only to wear that till soiled by life.

She was approached by an admiring giant, one oi
our soccer players who is more agile on the field
than in a laundromat. Things went swiftly, li physi-
cally awkward, with the two slender beings. He was
the agressor but she held him at bay with her in-
tellectual conversation. tie dwelled on her musical
phrasing and burning Pall Mall and realized that he
was outclassed In social maturity. He finally con-
ceded to her charming western hippiness emptied his
dryer but returned his purple-yellow tags in side out,
and exited. Drama abounded as,to how he would
train for a rematch after a dime’s time - would he
have a beer, read a passage from Durell, brush his
quarter inch halr.?

Lee hung around. She entered the car wash con-
test three times," for each of my roommates -
they all do their clothes here." She heard confes-
sion from the proprietoress and blew smoke from
perced lips while the dry air wilted her coal colored
curls. She primed the dryer again. Then the athlete
returned - a bag of ,those coated chocolates that "do"
melt in. your hand. Would romance melt in his lanky
clean living? it did with a blue bundle over his
shoulder, and his pitiful “good night" was indica-
tive oi his defeat.

Life continued in the emaculate temple. A Puerto
Rican wife made her nightly long distance phone call
and her corrupted Spanish could not hide the intrigue
of the conversation. She laughed her way out and back
to her resting husband. A curler encrusted girl
thumbed through a two year old magazine, Lee
grew old listening to toothless, and the candy machine
was “out of order."

YPICAL UROMT SCENE involves State tudontr waiting Ior leundr in various stages at
completion. A lot ol in between and crammed in studying gets done while ol owing the machines to

toke their own time In the matter.

r on II n s

gift to vote s everyone’s respon-

" .si ility.- Ambush i it’s not meant to be a- rehash of a ’

time-worn'otioheywe urgeevery student of eligible
veting age to cast, his ballot for whichever condi-
date he firmly believes in.

An interested and opinionated electorate is the
basis‘. for our democratic institution. It has been
shown in the past that college students generally
register the lowest percentage of voters in pro-
portion to their numbers. It is vitally important
that every eligible member of this university com-
munity casts his vote today at the polls or by ab-
sentee ballot to insure the kind of government he
wants. ' '

Much has been written concerning the present
national and statewide campaigns in the form of
news articles, editorials, and political commen-
tary. With the background gained from the fertile
field of conflicting opinions and strict factual data,
the potential voter should be able to formulate a
solid line of reasoning and let this dictate his
choice of a candidate.

ASP Endorses Johnson, 'lioaiing

Although we have heard much about a “choice”
and an “echo” in the Presidential campaign this
year, neither exists. While Goldwater is cer-
tainly not 11 echo of Johnson, neither is he a choice
for the American people.

The ideas behind some of Goldwater’s programs
may have merit for consideration but Goldwater
is not the man to be entrusted with putting them in-
to public policy. _

it is unfortunate. but there is no choice for Amer-
icans to make this year. Johnson is the only quali-
fied candidate.

A choice does exist in the New York Senate race-
a choice between a seasoned New York Senator, and
an ex-Attorney General. Keating has not made a
lot of noise about his achievements in serving New
York since 1947. He has done his work quietly
and efficiently, and for this reason has gained the
respect and the cooperation of his colleagues.

He has supported programs in which he believes,
often disregarding party affiliations. Elected orig-
inally under a Conservative ticket, he has supported
such programs that he is now classified as a lib-
eral.

As the “Reporter” for October 22, 1964 pointed
out, "New York’s senators must take an interest
in everything from drought relief to the criminal
statutes affecting narcotics addiction." Keating has
done this.

Keating has demonstrated the ability and the tem-
perament to carry out the difficult task 01 repre-
senting New York in the United State Senate. He
deserves to be elected today.

Albany Student Press

ESTABLISHED MAY IOIG
BY THE CLASS OF I’ll

 

The Albany Student Press II o aemi-weelrl news 9 r ubiiahed b the stu-
dent bed: of the State Unlversi oi New Tori ot’A’tho: . The A5 may be
reached y dun... not... Arr-oar or IV 2-3326. To. asl’ oIIice, located in
Room 5 at Brubecher Hell, Is open tram 7:00 to "100 p.m. Sunday through
Thursday night.

EDITH S. HARDY ~ KAREN E. KEEPER
Co-Editora-in-Chiel

EARL G. SCHREIBER
Arts Editor

EILEEN L. MANNING
Associate Editor

CYNTHIA A. GOODMAN
Alaoclate Feature Editor Photography Editor

WILLIAM H. COLGAN RONALD W. HAMILTON
Executive Editor Senior Editor

DIANE ‘MERRICK JOHN M. HUNT ER
Business Mar-roger Advertising Manager

JUDITH M. CONGER CARREN A. ORSINI
Technical Supervisor Circulation Exchange Editor

SUSAN J. THOMSON
Public Relations Director

HAROLD L. LYNNE
Sports Editor

DEBORAH l. FRIEDMAN
Associate Editor

DOUGLAS 0. UPHAM

Assistant Spy". Fill...
A tent Advertising 
tont Editor

9"“ McCIoot
.................. \ Karl Dumanda
‘lJollph Silvermen
Ellen Zong

............................. .. Laura Avin, Fred Nelson, Miko Forenell,
Linda Handelarnon, Sherry Cutler, Denies Clark,

Maureen McDonnell, Alice Nudeimon, Micki McGuquhey
Pamela llosl

...Poul Jensen, Nohort Judd, oth Bro David Chiids,

.I. Roger Lee, éuerLu"IIIIYIMIIton William

........Dennla Church, Joseph Mohay Ste K Ina,

o art McOdore

cqnmnl -  William Sinnhald

All communications must he addressed to the Editor and must he at ned. Neuter

will he with old on request. The Alheny Student Prue assumes you "upon-i-

hiIity ior piniona expressed In its ceiuntns or communications, or such on-
preuiona 9 not necessarily reﬂect it! view.

 

 

 

Ke’gents F lowehips for Doctoral
tudy are being offered by the Uni-
.gersity ‘oi' the State of New York,
State Education Department, for the
1985-66 academic year. ,
Four ‘types oi Fellowships are
available. . They include College
Teaching Fellowships, for beginning
Graduate Study, College Teaching
Fellowships for Advanced Graduate
study, Fellowehips for Doctoral
Study in Arts, Sclence,or Engineer,

ing, and Regents Fellowships for .

Part-time Doctoral Study in Science
or Engineering.

Certain citizenship and residence
requirements must be met to be
eligible for application.

Application forms can be picked

p from Miss Conklinin Draper 105.
Closing date for receipt by the State
Education Department oi the appli-
cation is December 1, 1964.

in addition to an application, all
candidates must take the Graduate
Record Aptitude Test. The candidate
must request the Educational Test-
ing Service to submit the score to
the Regents Examination and Schol-
arship Center.

The Fellowships will be awarded
on the same basis as are the State
Regents Scholarships and Incentive
Awards.

For the first time since the Doc-
toral FellOWShips have been offered,
a representative from the State
Educat on Department will beavail-
able on campus to interview pros-
pective candidates.

Dr. C. Grey Austin is scheduled

o be on campus November 12 from
1:30—4:30 p.m. to answer any ques-
tions applicants for the Doctoral

for  Fellowships

Fellowships might have cdncerning
the program. He will be using Draper
105 for the afternoon. No previous
appointments are necessary.

Dr. Austin’s visit should serve
to clarify many facets of the Fellow-
ship program.

MYSKAIIIA Holds
Referral Hearing

MYSKANIA will hold an open hear-
ing today at 4:30 on several ques-
tions raised in a referral by Steve
Curti on behalf oi the yearbook. The
hearing will be held in Brubacher
Hall.

Curti made the referral to MYS-
KANIA after SA President Art John-
ston cut the yearbook’s budget be-
cause lt had changed its name.

Curti asked MYSKANIA for arul-
ing on several points, including,
"Is it within the powers oftlie Pres-
ident oi The Student Association of
the New York State College for
Teachers at Albany to “freeze”
(make inaccessible) or to eliminate
the funds available” to a group such
as the yearbook.

He also asked whether the Presi-
dent could take such action without
the consent of some branch of Sen-
ate. He asked for the source of
budget-freezing power, and if it
could derive from precedent alone.

MYSKANIA will conduct the hear-
ing, which is open to any interested
persons, and will render its de-
cision in closed session at a later
date.

Gornton or... rigging:

film, leciore Shit I

Ekkehard Pientng called together‘
the first meeting of the ,German,

Club on Wednesday, October 7. A

movie about a German troupe of .

folk singers and dancers touring
the United States was shownthrough
the assistance of Frau'Dr. Ruth
Kllchenmann.

Frau Dr. Kilchenmann has joined
the faculty this year and is respon-

sible for the enthusiasm of the stu- I

dents toward the club. Mr. Piening
invites students to make suggestions
and help in planning a promising
agenda.

A German “Siammtlsch” which
meets in the cafeteria every after-
noon at 2:30 p.m. has already been
organized. Students in all levels of
German and any student who has a
knowledge of German is invited to
attend these sessions.

The object of these get-togetllers
is to acquire a better skill in speak-
ing' the language, keeping in mind
the premise that it takes more the
just a knowledge of grammar an
literature to make a géod teacher.

All interested students'are in-
vited to attend the next club meet—
lng on Wednesday, November ll at
8 p.m. ln Brubacher Hall. Officers
will be elected and Folk dancing
and singing under the direction of
Frau Dr. Kilchenmann will be pre-
sented.

I mortar"?

Graduates

 

The Station with {the

Happy Difference

WSIIA

 

(‘ “' ‘ for degrees in Janu-
ary, l965, must pay graduation fees
in the Faculty Student Association
Office, D—210, from November 2 to
November 6.

All who have not filed application
for January degrees must do so in
the Registrar's Office, D-206, by
December 15, 1964. Applications
received after this date will be held
for June, 1965.

Program Adlustmcnta

Students who have made changes
in their original program are asked
to correct the program card on file
at the information Booth on first-
floor Draper. This also applies for
change in lor'al or permanent ad-
dress.

i'

BANWET SCENE DEPICTS a mood at goiety which is shot-
tered by the drunken hatred ol the bride. Many countries have
banned FREAKS because at its grotesque "mole.

IF G Presents Freaks Film
Cast of Authentic Cases

"Freaks," a movie unique in the
gender of horror films, will be
presented by the international Film
Group tonight at 7:30 p.m. in Draper
349. There will be no admission
charged.

A early "talkie" made in 1982,
“Freaks” employs real side-show
freaks throughout the film. Nomake
up is used on any of the human
oddities that appear in the film.

Controversy

When first released, "Freaks"
found itself in the middle of heated
controversy over the use of the
deformed human creatures that are
to be found in the film.

The fact that audiences knew that
they were not watching made-up
actors or synthetic dummies made
them uneasy.

The film never received \videdis-
tribution in the United States.

Throughout the years, the picture
has built up an almost legendary
reputation as the "ultimate horror
story." Large—scale revival of the
film has never been undertaken,and
it has never appeared on television.

A Normal Film

in 1932, the “New York Times"
commented, “The difficulty is in
telling whether it should be shown
at the Rialto Theatre or in, say,
the Medical Center. “Freaks” is
no normal film, but whether it do-
serves the iitie of abnormal is a
matter of personal opinion."

The plot of "Freaks" revolves
around the unhappy romance of a
circus midget and a female trapeze
artist. ller plot to rob and kill the
midget, and the horrible revenge
of the other freaks; form the re-
mainder of the story.

 

STATE
UNIVERSITY

 

STA TE
Draper Hall

BOOKS

’l‘ H E

MEDIEVAL AND RENAISSANCE FLORENCE
VOL I, iI—Schcviil

rlv

SOCIOLOGY ()i“ THE

135 Western Ave.

about the RENAISSANCE

TH E C‘IVI LI ZATIO N OF‘ TH E REN AI SSANCE
I N ITALY—VOL l , i I —Burckhar'dt

IIIC ('i\'il.IZ/\'I‘I ()N ()I“ T HE RENAISSANCE
IN i'l‘/\I.Y— ihrr'r'klm l‘(ll

'i‘lii'I I Ni)i\'il)L'/\l. ANI) ' ‘ili'l COSMOS IN

ll lu‘NAi HHANCI‘J I’I Il i.()H()l’l iY—CIIHHI l'ul'

THIS RENAISSANCE H’I"A(iE-i-icwllt

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE

Ext. 129
Albany, N. Y.

RENAiSSANCE—Fcl'guson

lllCNAlSSANCI"~MnrtIn

 

 

has .

‘< ' ,  ; wmnmrim~mwwr

 

