 

i
r
t
I

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    

 

 
  

 

 

   
      

 

 

 
  

    
  
 
   
   
  
 
  
 
 
 
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
   
       
         
      
     
     
  
 
       
   
  

 

 

 

 

    
 

 

 

 

 

SI

 

Chﬂds‘Centroocrry Grows
, Witir 'Award’ Nomination

To the Editors:

With fear and trembling, we cast
into the growing fires of discontent,
our paltry contributions to the Childs
Controversy. .

Last year, Tim Atwell, one of the
brighter literary stars to shine at
State for many years,was criticized
for his unorthodox handling of ortho-
dox subjects (i.e. religion). This
year, it seems to be David Childs'
turn.

One of the charms of the writing
of Mr. Childs is that he not only

State in an uncontentional way, but
observations in a humorous vein.

justice to Childs to suggest that his
only purpose for writing is to dis-
play his talent. In his recent review
of the Cave-men, Dave had a valid
point to make and made it effec-

 

 

"It's a little colder on the tennis cdurts then in Page, but it's
resurfaced properly at least."

ASP thanks Contributors

The ASP’s drive to raise funds for the Foster Child
has now come to an end. The original goal was the
minimum cost of $180 required by the Foster Parents
Plan for the “adoption” of a child for the period of
one year.

We would like to thank the students and faculty of
this University for the support they extended to the
ASP’s campaign. A great portion of the total was ob-
tained through peristyle solicitations, the balance
being supplied through the dormitories and Greek
organizations.

The Foster'Child Plan represents a personalized
method of charitable donation by which individual and
organizational funds can be channelled to a direct
recipient. It serves a worthwhile purpose in attempting
fto alleviate in part some of the dire misery exper-
ienced as a way of life by slum dwellers all over the
world.

We would hope that the entire university community
will consider Graciela Garcia, the recipientofSUNYA
funds, as their personal “foster child." The ASP has
communicated with Graciela at various times during
the past year. If anyone wishes to submit a letter to
Graciela at any time, we will be happy to forward it
to the Foster Parents headquarters to be translated
and sent to Graciela and her family in Bogota, Co-
lombia.

 

Albany Student Press 5"
f

    
 

ESTABLISHED MAY I‘Ilé
BY THE CLASS OF l9l8

 

 

The Albany Student Press is o semi-weekly newspaper published by the student
body of the State University of New York at Albany. The ASP may be reached by
liloling either 489-6481 or IV 2-3326. The ASP oilice, located in Room 5 of Bru-
bocher Hall, 750 State Street, is open from 7 to I] p.m. Sunday through Thursday
night}.

EDITH S. HARDY — KAREN E. KEEFER
Co-Edltors-ln-ChleI

DEBORAH l. FRIEDMAN
Feature Editor

HAROLD L. LYNNE
Managing Editor

RAYMOND A. MC CLOAT
Sports Editor

EARL G. scnasrasa
Arts Editor

CYNTHIA A. GOODMAN
Associate Feature Editor

EILEEN L. MANNING
Associate Editor

WILLIAM H. COLGAN
Executive Editor

DOUGLAS 6. UPHAM
Photography Editor

DIANA M. MAREK
Business Manager

JUDITH M. CONGER
Technical Supervisor

JOHN M. HUNTER
Advertising Manager

SUSAN J. THOMSON
Public Relations Director

CARREN A. ORSINI
Circulation Exchange Editor

Assistant Photography Editor   Klaus Schnitrer

 

 

 

As tent Editor Joseph Sllvermon
Desk Editor I Ellen Zena
Reporters..........Leure Avin, Fred Nelsen, Mike Forenell, Lindo Hondelsmon, Sherry

Cutler, Denise Clark, Betty Newman. Linda Freehon, Maureen Mc-
Dermot, Alice Nudelnion, Micki McGoughrsy, Pomulo Fllosi

 

Calumnlslum-nun“...mum-Bruce Daniels, Poul Jensen, Robert Judd,Kotlry Brophy,
David Childs, Toni Mester, M. Gilbert Williams

Fhetoerophers.... .............,..............-..... Dennis Church, Joseph Mohoy, Steven Kling,
Robert Mchors

Cartoonist William Slhrihold

 

All communications must be addressed to the Editors and must be signed. Names
will be withheld upon request. Communications should be limited to 300 words
end are subject to editing, The Albany Student Press assumes no responsibility

for opinions expressed In its columns or communications, as such expressions de‘

not neces sorlly reflect. its views.

Courage to Be a Coward

by David Childs

There comes a time in every young man or woman’s life when he
must gamble on a decision which could determine his entire future.
When choosing your major you gamble. If you chose to be a major
toward becoming a horse and buggy driver in 1900 you would be ob-
solete now.

If you prepped for silent movies in 1927,you might have been starving
in 1930. If, during the thirties, you idealistlcally joined the Communist
Party you would be black-listed throughout the country today.

On the cold rainy Wednesday afternoon that marked the beginning of
our Thanksgiving vacation, I came close to being marked for the rest
'of my days — as a strike breaker.

Twice in the last year I had applied for a job at the “Times Union”
newspaper and both times the paper and I found no union. I met the
editors and we talked at length, long enough for them to remember me.
Each time they suggested that I return at a future date.

The Wednesday I refer to was the iourthday of the strike oi the Guild
against the owners. The writers, secretaries, the ad-men,the copyboys
were marching on the sidewalks in front of the building: their chests
covered with orange signs, their intelligent brains cooled by rain and
vegetating from disuse, their stature in the community lowered from
village prophets to public nuisances.

They were striking because they; are notoriously underpaid. They are
underpaid because the paper has been used by hundreds of writers as a
stepping stone to larger tabloids. The paper is low on the Hearst chain
and similarly low on pay scales.

I was in sympathy with the Guild though only in words. The New York
local of the Guild had sent one thousand dollars up to the Albany chapter
as aid. A member ofthe pressman’s union, which had signed its contract
two weeks previously, had donated twenty-five dollars to the Guild.
Even Mayor Corning oi Albany had kept his troops away from the scene
in order that the Guild could picket efficiently.

The executives and non-Guild writers satinthe coffee shop and looked
out of the windows with no malice (one chief lip talked with his squaw
who was a secretary.) A taxi cab company had been hired to carry the
abbreviated paper, written by the executives and a small staff, but the
taxis declined after one day's service.

The pressmen felt guilty for having to cross the picket lines of
another union in order to fulfill their own contract. The strike was
justified and most people agreed with the walkout.

However, the Guild made enemies. The Pinkerton men feared it for
its presence and activities. Citizens who visited the building to buy the
newspapers were met by heckling and sometimes their papers were
flooded with coffee or destroved.

Merchants could not advertise their sales. The unemployed could
not find job opportunities, the employers, workers. Auditoriums and
theaters were partially filled for lack of notice. Thanksgiving came a
day late. or course, to off-set the disoontent, radio and television found
greater audience during newscasts and they augmented their adver-
rising.

The paper was hiring part-time reporters and solicitors. liudson Val-
lay and ii.P.I. students flocked in to take on openings. Though I was not
allowed to take the elevator up to the offices, I could have phoned up-
stairs for an appointment. To organize myself, or to write my obituary,
i not down and wrote the following:

l'Should I even try to write for a paper when i am disobeying one
belief i hold Worthwhile - striking for the benefit Of the whole. I have
made two attempts to work for this paper and built efforts were fail-
ures. At the limo Iwas not hired as a copybuy. Now I have a slim chance
not only of becoming a reporter but of working side by side with the
executives.

“Then, if i do work, i place my good health in jeopardy, for whenl
venture out of the building, the Guild members should be heated for
revenge at n picket lino breaker and enemy. Iknow thin, for whonl
made application I began an association with u member of the sports
department will) recognized the as I entered and who know of my two
failures. lie, being loquacinus and rather bitter when notbacking it
cause, would no doqu Inform the other Guild members that I was
capable of being an adversary.

"Whether i join or not, I do see the problems that could arise from
joining a pressure group. Those who did not strike would be able to
work and recelva pay and not have four of losing their jobs. if the strike
was unsuccessful they would not lose anything. if the strikers won the
benefits they sought, the non-member would nunoiilolesn reap the now
advantages.

“However, if there were no guild, the employees would never be able
to expect fair wages and benefits unless they had the right of pickeiiug
their employers."

After writing this i decided against the attempt, if i broke this strike
it is quite possible that I would never be able to write for any newn-
paper. I would be known as a seditious friend of the executives. I cor-
lalniy would not be able to join the Guild at any time, maybe no union
would induct ma. ‘

'i‘hus, instead of taking this purl—lime job which mlqu have been
handy as a way of paying for Christmas pi'osonts and food, I wrote
this amateur essay. Four of the future, or respect for an ideal of
other men's rights had squelchad one of my lifelong desires. The
pppgrtuniiy which I had chased had been handed to Inc and I bit that
Ian .

 

observes the conventional life at.
is further able to communicate his.

However, it would be a grave in-,

lively. It is unfortunate that Mr,

'Murdtck read into the column whalQ

was not there.

If, however, we missed some-
thing that Murdlck did not, we can
only repeat the old adage: if the
shoe fits, wear it.

We still do not understand the
necessity for the abundant replies
to the replies to the original col-
umn. This kind of response was
not seen when the Cave was crit-
icized before; it was not seen when
truly controversial statements and
editorials have appeared inilre ASP.

. The only explanation that we can
finds is that Childs, like Faustus,
is doomed to join the ranks of the
damned scholars. We would, there-
fore, like to nominate hlrn for the
MISERY Award (Most Insulted , Slan-
dered, Edited Reporter of the Year)
in competition with those old farm .
lies, Huckleberry Road and Conr-
monstater.

We must hasten to explain (lesx
we, too, be misconstrued) that the
honor would ordinarily go lllli'rui~
'tested to Rock Wallaby’s worth;
successor. However, Huckleberry
Road, after a very brief but IUl'i'lll
disagreement over ASP editing pol-

10185, has hit the road. All that ro-I

mains of Tim in the ASP office is
a tattered copy of “Playboy,” u
worn set of rabbits’ ears and aboli-
eaten marshmallow.

The reaction hasproved oneihing,
however: Someone is reading thr-
ASP.

Cindy Goodman
Dottie Armbrustcr

 

 

 

The Trees

by Helen Williams

 

It was a ghastly, er'ie, yei beauti-
ful sight. The trees, silvered with
ice, shone iridescently under the
soft rays of the moon. The Wind
tinkled in the branches, causing them
to play a gentle melodious tune like
that of water bells.

And yet there was sorneihingbor-
rible about it. For nature, like
some wild-eyed artist, had pointed
a scene of utmost beauty and yet
utmost destruction. Those lovely
trees, so radiant from afar, so
perfectly etched against it black
background of silence, lrecarnu u
heartbreaking sight to lehuld up
close.

Too proud to bend their Inlglu'.
boughs under the force of thr- Oil‘-
ments, their limbs became weighn-d
with ice, and they shatter-ed. Sonic,
perhaps almost n hundred years
old, were pileonsly split undtwrsiuu
and they stretcher] out their armth
pain, crying for help.

But Nature wuuld not listen and
man could not help so that tho rc—
lentless storm continued. Only [In-
lnwly shrubs survived because the)
are willing to humble lilelllrmlyus
and bend their brain-bus in crun-
piiance with the demands of their
mighty Master.

It scented an if Nature hud du-
clar'ed war on the world but but
bombs were of ice instead of Hill-
nltlohs. She destroyed evcr'ytlnrw,
that would not obey her will, bill
effortlessly, almost as if ll Wul'r'
child's play. She was determined
to show that she was Music! und so
she want about it in her own wrldly
beautiful way.

The trees, ouch porter-ll. runnu-d
with ice even to the lips of (in: now-—
ly formed buds, many of With It will

now never open, crushed under their
heavy wolghi bringing dmvn wnh
them powerful electric cabins. Nu~
lure was playing a guy llillc lllllt'
so that electric wires huppily sum:
and durfbcd...ond then fell.

\Vholc areas of the 1-in won- li‘ll
wltlmul light or haul and mam hurl
to resort in that luwly invention,
the candle. The only lilulninuliuu
on the ntroots was the moon, gonlly
lighting up a scene of vust (luslrlll —
lion.

Silence reigned becauso mun. mu
awed by the forces of Nature. “'0
frightened to challenge thorn, would
not venture out, The only sound Hm
moon had to accompany her use him
traveled across the sky wcsiho b'nll,
glassy tickling of (liiillilBli ll'uvs.

D

l-

 

thrust
ilolo or Women

Several members ofState’s Asso-
ciation of Women Students attended
the Interdollegiate AWS Sub-Reg-
ional Conference at Syracuse. The
conference was held from Friday
evening, December 4 to Saturday,
December 5.

The representatives left Albany,
Friday afternoon, and arrived for
a coffee hour in Syracuse from 6-9
p.m. At that 'time the various dele-
gates discussed their school’s rules
and regulations for women students.

At 10 p.m. Syracuse University’s
AWS President spoke and Dean Smith
and Dean Erickson,bothofSyracuse,
lectured on topics concerning the
individual college woman’s analyza-
tion of herself in relation to the
question, “Who, What am I?"

Saturday was taken up with lec-
tures, discussions, and workshops,
dealing with the dual role of women
on campus, and their concern with
the moral question. The function of
AWS on campus was also explored.

With the conclusion of 'the con-
ference, delegates returned to calm--

puses c"‘ with them ideas for
new all e legislation for the
form res and regulations
for c. lull.) .nnnen.

ISC-IFC toHOld
1964 Winterlude

“Winterlude,” the annual formal
dance that is sponsored by the in-
tersorority - Inicrfraternlty Coun-
cil, will be held at the Schine Ten
Eyck on December 11 from 9p.m.
'to 1 a.m.

Music for the affair will be pro-
vided by Francis Murphy and His
Orchestra.

Bids are currently on sale in the
peristyles and can be purchased
there through Dec. 11. The price of
the bid is $3.00.

Women will have 2 a.m. hours
for the event.

Mr. and Mrs. Hollis Blodgett and
Mr. and Mrs. DeSole will be chap-
erones, and members of the admin-
instration are invited guests. Mary
Lewis and Chip Sullivan are co-
chairmen for the formal.

 

HAROLD

207 Central Ave.

@5917... mg
ublsrdus

  

  

  

  

 
  
   
 
  

  

 
  

   

    
 

  

 
  

 
 

  
 

 

 
   

Peter Sellers
...Sters in Christmas Dremo

NOTICES

Seniors
Ail degree applications for Janu-
ary l965'must be filed in the Regis-
trar’s Office, Draper 200, no later
than December 15, 1964. Applica-
tions filed after this date will be
held for June 1965.

 

Pro-Registration
The last day to pre-register for
the spring semester is December
'15. Students not pro-registered by
this date must be r‘e-admitted by
academic dean and will register
February 3, 1965.

SEA

Dr. Matthew Elbow of the Social
Studies Department will be the
speaker at an open meeting of the
Student Education Association.

llis topic will be“TeachingTurks
and Arabs.” He will be speaking
froth personal experience, having
taught in the Middle East for the
past two years.

Ethan Frome
Try-outs for “Ethan Frome," an
adaptation of Edith Wharton's novel
will be held Sunday and Monday,
December 13 and 14 at 7:30 p.m.
and December" 15 at 8:30 p.m. in
Richardson 290. The play is to be
directed by Dr. Paul Bruce Peltit.

Newman Club
The Feast of the Immaculate Con-
ception Mass, sponsored by New-
man Club, will be held today at
11:15 15111. and 12:15 p.m. at the
Newman Center. The same service
Will be held at the LaSalle‘Scbool
Chapel at 8:45 p.m. and 4:45 p.m.

I @Yr

 

W
FINKLE 

 

 

 

 

 

Made More Excitrng'

Whether you want in cover
gray hair wrlh natural look-
Iug color, or give it a sluruug
new gray ~ or odd Gosscmcr
Color Tone lo your llglrlcucd
hair or give new life to dull
ladoll llilli, lhc hon artistry
of Louis will cuclulnl you

 "magic lunch" of course
I5 your Holiday High Fashion
coilfcur for you alone. . . . .

 

 

( by LOUIS

olbuio

306 Cenil'nl Ave,

 

(.‘In‘r'cuw,
Arlislc

Salon

434-3195 tree Parking

 

 

 

First prize of a month-long, all:
expense paid trip to Europe, in-'

cluding a special summer-school '

session about the United Nations in
Geneva, will be awarded to the win-
ner of a college essay-writing con-
test sponsored by the Collegiate
Council for the United Nations.

CCUN is basing the'contest‘on.
the first of a series of 90-minute
television entertainment programs
about the UN that are being devel-
oped by, Telsun Foundation, Inc.

The contest is desgined to in-
spire better understanding of the-
UN by stimulating greater interest
about the world organization among
college students throughout the Uni-
ted States. This is also the primary
purpose of CCUN.

Undergraduates Eligible

Undergraduate students enrolled
in any accredited college or unl-
versiiy are eligible to submit en-
tries. They must compose an essay
of 8,500 words or less after watch-
ing “Carol for Another Christmas,"
which will be televised on the ABC
network on Monday , December 28,at
9:80 p.m.

The program wil. feature Peter
Sellers and an all-star cast.

Each essay must concentrate on
the same theme on which writer Rod
Sei'iing based his script — thedea
that today, mom than ever before,
no man can live as an island. From

this, each student may point his
essay in whatever direction he
wishes.

Preliminary judging of all essays
is to be conducted regionally by a
board comprising the CCUN regional
director. appropriate faculty mem-
bers, and representatives of the

United' Nations Association of the
_ Notional Judges

,The top' five essays from each
region will then be forwarded to
CCUN headquarters for judging by
the national panel. The panel in-
cludes Clark M. Eicheiberger, Vice
President, United Nations Associa-
tion; author John Gunther; Arthur
Larson, rDirector, World Rule of
Law Center at Duke University;
Henry Cabot Lodge, until recently
U. S. Ambassador to South Vietnam
and Iormer U. S. representative at
the United Nations, and Ambassador
Marietta Tree, U. S. Mission to the

. N.

The grand prize winner will be
flown from his home to Europe.
Upon completion of the summer-
school session at Geneva, co-spon-
sured by the World Federation of
United Nations Associations and the
international Student Movement for
the UN, the student will be provided
with the necessary funds for sev—
eral week’s travel in Europe.

New York, San Francisco Trips

Second prize is an expense-paid
trip to New York to attend intensive
briefings about the UN at a special
summer session. The third prize
winner wrll receive a trip to San
Francisco in June to take part in
the 20th anniversary celebration of
the signing of the UN Charter.

Fourth and f fth prizes are corn-
plete 24—volurne sets of the Ency-
clopedia Britannica, 1964 edition.
Twelve regional winners will re-
ceive two-volume sets of the Bri-
tannica World Language Dictionary.

All students intending to enlerihe
contest must notify the CCUN at
345 E. 40m Street, New York City,
no later than January 15. They will
then be sent complete rules and de-
tails.

Divided- into the cops: to 
and commissions, the Student
ernment Reorganization Wor
met Saturday in Brubsciier.
Each board discussed whatit’s pur-
poses and membership policies war
going to be. '

Tire Central Council, which is: to '1
be at the tread attire new government, ‘

decided that it would allocate student
finances to the individual commis-
sions. The commission wouldalso
discuss problems concerriingj'goy-

erutnent structure and act as 'anar-l

bitrator in disputes arising under
the new government. » '
There would be twenty-five mem-

bers on the counnission, twenty- _

one students and four faculty mem-
bers. They would meet onceamonth
and have committee meetings more
often. v

The purposes decided on by the
individual commissions and boards
under the Central Council were all
along the same pattern of“gener-
rating and coordinating” the activi-
ties of the boards and organizations
comprising it.

Structures Dilter

The membership structureofeach
board and commission were all dif-
ferent. They ranged from the limit
of ten members .on the Special
Events Board to two members with
only one voting on the Religious
Affairs Commission. The Living
Affairs Commission decided on a
membership composed of fiftyltwo
representatives froth the dormitory
quadrangles, group houses and corn-
routers.

A problem arose in the commis-
sion of how the fraternity and sor-
ority houses should be represented
since they felt it did not belong to
their commission. No agreement
was reached attire and of the session.

 

BLUE NOTE
Record Shop

4 speed Decca Phone

Automatic Changer
$29.95 w/trade-in

 

We are open Thursday evenings and
available by phone almost anytime-u
In case of emergency - just give us

a ring at---- H0

Daytime, Evenings, Sundays
Wellington Florist IOQIState St.

5-0847

 

CARDS.

Draper Hall

 

 

Buy Christmas

STA TE UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE ‘

135 Western Ave.

WRAPPING, RIBBON at :

Ext. 129
Albany, N. Y.

 

 

x

 
 
  
     

   
    
 
     
    
    
       
  
 
 
    
   
    
 
  
 
   
 
  
   
    

 

       
     

 

