 

"fi'tfvﬂmT-“i A w

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

J

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Portrait of Senate

Albany tillers Best opportunity

We .were greatly impressed by Sam-
uel Gould, President of the State Uni-
versity. By all appearances, the Uni-
versities Trustees have chosen a man
with the foresigit. ability. and exper-
ience to mold the University into a
truly superior system.

By his own admission, Gould is not
an administrator. lie is concerned with
policy. not procedure. This is good, for
he is delegating more responsibility to
each unit and to his subordinates, thus
leaving him _time to view the whole
perspective of the University’s needs
and potentials.

With a background in both public and
private higher education. he brings the
the ideas and viewpoints of liberal arts
universities to a system with a teacher
college tradition. These ideas and view-
points can do much to change the out-
look of the units within the State system.

In particular we are encouraged by
his ideas concerningmakingthe courses.
faculty, and students mobile from one
campus to another. While this will in—
volve an upgrading of curriculum at all
units it will also enable each unit to de-
velop an excellence in a particular field
which it would not be able to achieve

otherwise.
Many units now are recognized as

being especially good in one particular
field, as for example, Fredonia in mu~
sic, or Cortland in physical education.
Gould's plan would relieve these units
'of providing a wide and probably medio-
of. providing a wide and probably medi-
ocre curriculum, and would allow them
to develop their specialty to a high
degree of excellence.

We also think his ideas concerningop-
portunities for independent study and
competency exams have special rele-
vance on this campus.

Albany is actually the best place for
experiments of this type to take place.
It is the oldest unit in the system, and
one of the largest. Our students are

'among the most qualified in the system,

as is our faculty. We have assumed the
physical and curriculum aspects of a
university, but we have not yet achieved
the corresponding attitude and outlook.

We feel that the students here would
respond enthusiastically and success-
fully to opportunities for independent
study and more rapid advancement.

But before this can occur, the faculty
will have to show a greater confidence
both in the students and in each other
than we have witnessed so far.

We call upon the faculty to consider
seriously the possibilities for trans-
lating Gould’s plans into action. The
initial responsibility for making Al-
bany a true University rests with them.

Motels Need lelephene link

Living in motel—dormitories for the first semester

 

 

 

has proved to provide a number of varied situations
for the girls in them. Primarily. it has meant a lot
of readjusting to a unique physical environment.

Bus transportation brings the coeds back and forth
to the university community all during the day, and
until upperclassmen hours are enforced at 11 o’clock
at night. Except for the time spent in traveling. there
is really no discontinuity in contact between'motels
and the rest of the university.

Some of the motel residents do have valid com-
plaints in many areas. Some have been forced to
give up waitressing jobs that they might have had if
on the new. campus. Others find the motel“dormitory"
dues of $6 higher than that on the Residence Quad-
rangle with less to show for it.

A last question, concerning that of telephone privi-
leges remains a problem.

Unlike the Residence Quad dorms. the two motels
haVe an adequate number of telephone lines con-
necting them with the outside world. At all the dorms,
however. calls may be placed and accepted until 11
p.m. Women living in motels cannot be reached after
10 pm.

We maintain that especially since many upper-
classmen are housed presently in the motels that these
telephone restrictions should be reviewed and revised.

Tutti

e Democratic caters 'of’the State Assembly and

.- A ' n
senate should ‘ lead to the re-establlshment of a fre

tuition policy within the State University by, Septem—
ber, 1965 if the party lives up to its campaign and
promises of the past year. .

Tuition was initiated by‘the trustees of the Uni-
versity -in September. 1963 after the Republican-
controlled legislature had granted the power to
initiate tuition to the trustees. This‘was an obvious
maneuver by the“ Republicans to escape direct re-
sponsibility for tuition. From -the_ beginning, tuition
was opposed by the Democrats.

Last' March a bill co-sponsored by then Senate
minority leader Joseph Zaretski which would have
declared free tuition a fixed policy of the, State}
New York was allowed to die in the Assembly Ways
and Means Committee. '

The bill would have amended the State Education
Law “to declare it state policy that benefits of col—
leglate education by furnished gratuitously to all
undergraduates. attending every community, statotory
or contract college or institution under jurisdiction
of State University or State University trustees.”

Senator Zaretski was successful in his bid for
re-election. Unless. as all ‘  
too often happens. the Dem-
ocrats spoil their success
in intra-party struggle.
Senator Zaretski will be
the next majority leader in
the Senate.

In this position, he will
be able to exert great lev-
erage in the cause of free
tuition. The Democrats, in-
cluding the all-powerful
New York City machine,
are firmly committed to
just such action. Senator Joseph Zaroiskl

However, we feel it remains for us and our fellow
students to make sure that the Democrats do not
forget the oratory and promises they made when
unencumbered by any chance of actually getting their
proposals through the legislature.

A letter writing campaign to the newly-elected
Democratic Assemblymen and Senators should resul
in quick action on an amendmentto the State Education
Law. Senator Zaretski, in particular, shouldbe singled
out for just such a campaign.

We do not support the concept of free tuition purely
from selfish motives. We believe free tuition to be an
essential part of the American commitment to educa-
tion for all those qualified, regardless of income. At
a time when the teacher shortage is especially acute,
the state can ill-afford to drive potential teachers to
other universities in other states.

New York State has long ranked near the bottom of
the list of states in terms of assistance granted to
higher education. A return to free tuition would go a
long way towards easing this deplorable situation. “‘2
ask our fellow students to make sure that the ne
Democratic majority takes just such steps.

    

Albany Student Prom

mam HAY IOIO
IV mu m 0' III.

 

The Albany Student Frau lo a "mi-weakly nowrpopor publilhod by the rrudanv body of the Sum University of New York
at Albany. Tho ASP moy bu reached by dloiing either 409-648! or IV 2.3326. The ASP office, located In Room 5 of Bru-
bochur Hall, is open lrom 7 to ll pun. Sunday through Thursday night.

EARL G. SCHREIBER
Arts Editor

DEBORAH I. FRIEDMAN
Auociorr Editor

WILLIAM H. COLGAN
Executive Editor

JOHN M. HUNTER
Advorlillng Manager

Auinanl Sports Editor 

EDITH S. HARDY - KAREN E. KEEPER

Co-Edllon-ln-Chlnl

EILEEN L. MANNING
Anaciol- Editor

DOUGLAS 6. UPHAG
Photography Edilul

HAROLD L. LVNNE
Sports Editor

CYNTHIA A. GOODMAN
Anocloio Picture Editor

DIANE MAREK

JUDITH M. CONGER
Bullnru Manager

Technicdi Supervisor
CARREN A. ORSINI

SUSAN J. THOMSON
Circulation Exchange Editor

Public Relation Director

Ray MCCloul

 

Autuoni AdvlrIiIing Editor
Aral-ran! Editor

Kori Domur'ib

 

' Jon-oh Slivormnn

 

 

 

 

 

goth Editors" _ Ellen Zonﬂ
noortarr.......................................... Laura Avlu Fred Nelson M ho F L 5 C D i ' Cla'k

' n....;. L « "minute‘s '3°i""""ii‘.'it.'i"'l 33"}; one: n...
Columnim-.-~v-m--v----~-v--v u mum-“Paul J-nuu. Rob-n Judd, Kathy Bushy, bum can“, To... Mum, u, out." Will-om
Photograph!”   Dannll hurch, Junph Mohoy, Stovan KIlng, Rob-n McOdon
Cartoonist William Sinnbold

 

All communications mou be oddruud lo the Editor and um“ b! lign-d. Nomi will be withheld an roan-ll. TI" “kiwi

Sou-wt Prue ouomrr no IllpanaIIr-li _
is. m i cororlorriy roller! '0» when.

"' "PU'WM “planed in in column! or communication», aI loch "pronto"

“ "'1" st”; l m .1 vI' ill in ,l {Vii-l

“are; :.

 

    
    
    

 

Featurep 

 

FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 6. 1964,.

   

  
 
 

 

.  PAGE 5"

 

   
 

 
  
 
 
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
    

, w

    

  5 ; Gould Stresses Acorlenlir Excellence

 

   

 ""   (continued [ram page I)

peculiar characteristics.” If the
exchange of teachers become a re-
ality, each unitlwili be able to con-
centrate on a particular field and
bring It up to the "highest standard."

Dr Gould also noted one in a
series of administrative changes
which he intends to make to give
the units more autonomy. Pr‘ev-
iously, all faculty appointments had
to be approved by the State Univer-
sity President. Since taking office,
Dr. Gould has delegated this auth-
ority to the presidents oneach cam-
pus.

"Equal to Any.I
Another of Dr. Gould’s stated
aims upon taking office was to have
the University “achieve academic
excellence equal to any in the na-
tion." He commented that excel—

  
    

 

 

 

DR. SAMUEL B. GOULD, new President of the Stole University
of New York, is shown while being interviewed by the ASP.

Samuel B. Gould,‘ fourth president of the State Uni-
versity of New York, is a graduate of Bates College
in Maine. He received his Master ofArts degree from
New York University in 1956. He has taught school,
served as Lieutenant Commander in the Navy during
the war. and helped to establish a departmentof com-
munication arts at Boston University.

He was president of Antioch College from 1954—59,
then served as chancellor of the University of Cali-
fornia at Santa Barbara. In July, 1962, he became
president of WNDT—TV. Channel 13. in New York
City. Many of his views on education are contained
in his book, “Knowledge is Not Enough.”

lence of SUNY at the present is
"uneven, and its over-all reputa-
tion is not what it ought to be."

He cited the universities of Cal-
ifornia, Michigan, and Wisconsin as
outstanding examples of excellence
in public higher education institu-
lions.

“One important way in which a
university gains distinction is in
having scholars who can advance
knowledge as well as communicate
it,” maintains Gould. He pointed
out that the State University at this
time has no Nobel prize winners
and no members of the American
.‘icademy of Sciences on [is faculty.

The University of California, on

 

 

Huckleberry Road

by Tim Alwell

Greensleeves Goodman, skywrilei‘, Jazz l'lulist, nnd
agnostic, (It all started when, as a fourteen—year—old-
choir boy, he was severely reprimanded for taking
out his flute and breaking into “The Swingln’ Shepherd
Blues" one Sunday during lllgh Mass) sat in his big-
city pad riflling his way through “Sofl Winds," when,
out of the corner of his eye, he espled n transfixed
Norway rat. When Greensleeves stopped playing, the
rat scampered away.

“Coincidence, my flute playing and the trunn-
fixation of that Norway rat," said Greensleeves us
he flipped the next page of his brand new fake-book
and ill into "Comin’ Home, Baby.”

’l‘hirty-twu liars later, Greensleeves espied, cm
of the corner of that very same eye, another trans-
fixed Norwny rat.

"One more time? One more time. Onemoretimcl"
said Greensleeves, and he flipped another page and
let out with “Fly Me to the Moon." Sure enough,
out of the corner of his eye, (that very same eye)
Greensleeves espled still a third transfixed Norway
vat.

Now, three things must be borne in mind: 1)
Greensleeves Goodman had been playing the flute
for thirteen of his twenty—two years, and his lung
capacity and metacarpular endurance approached the
superhuman. lie had been known to play his ﬂute for
eighteen hours straight on thirty-one separate oc-
casions, and the feat had IllVUll/ed absolutelynomveat.
2) Greensleeves knew that if in Norway rut could be
prevented from gnawing for a sufficient length of
time, his teeth would grow so long that he would not
be able to eat or drink and would die. 8) Greensleeves
liked to help people.

Greensleeves captured twenty rats and put them
into a homemade cage which he had equipped with a
large feeding dish, three oak two-hy-fours, one long
lead pipe, and many small concrete blocks. Then he
started playing his flute. The rats were transfixed
immediately. Greensleeves played for sixteen hours.
Then he gave the rats their daily requirement of
three-fourths of an ounce of fee and half an ounce
of water and want to sleep.

in the mowing, Greensleeves measured the length
of the rats' teeth. Lo and behold, for some reason
or other, the rats’ teeth were longer than they had
been the previous day. They had grown 'more while
Greensleeves played than they had been growld down
during the night. Greensleeves reasoned that the
period of transflxallon was a period of awakeness,’
after which the rats ate, gnawed a bit, and went to
sleep. And during this period of sleep, or course, the
rats' teeth continued to grow as they had done during
the period of transfixatlon. Gl'eansleeVes made sure'
that he began playing just as the rats awoke from
their sleep, further cutting down on the amnunt of
gnawing that could be done by the rats.

 

Over a period of weeks, Greensleeves observed
that the growth in length of the rats’ feclh involved

a negative acceleration (that is to say, the rats’
teeth grew at a slower rate each day), and, due to
the appalling lack of research in lhis particular

field, Greensleeves decided it would be impossible
for him to predict exalt-fly when the rais’ teeth would
reach the magic (“ain’t—eut-nor-drink—no—lmu‘e length.

Greensleeves Goldman went to the City Housing
Authority and explained his plan for killing all the
rats ill the city. (He planned to have his flute playing
broadcast over the radio m a volume level suflicienily
loud to Iransfix the rats, but also low enough not
to disturb the normal daytime activities of the cili-
mm; of the city.)

"How long did you say it would take?” asked the
man at City Housing Authority.

"Call't say," said Greensleeves.

“Better check Willi the Mayor."

“llow long did you say it would take?" asked the
mayor.

"Can’t say."

"flow much do you want?”

“Pay me scale," said Greensleeves, "and allow
the tenants of the rat-infested buildings to withhold
rent payments until the job is done."

"Who's going to pay the rent?”

“If the landlords must be paid, the city must pay

,them," said Greensleeves. “Think it over, ['11 be

buck tomorrow."

The landlords had to be paid. Even if the city re-
quired the landlords to reduce the rents, no drastic
reduction could be effected, and the city would still
be stuck with a whopping big rent bill at the end of
each and every month for an uncertain number of
months.

The Mayor called a meeting of his council.

"Look, it's either this Greensleeves character
or the new culture center, and i really think that
culture is‘ important in today's world," said the
Minister of Culture.

"This guy has got a lot of nerve expecting us to
pay him scale for the duration of this job. And
besides, he could drag it out forever if he wantedr
to," said the Minister of Labor,

"This Greensleeves ls blatantly wet behind the
ears. Stall him off for awhile, and he'll get over it,"
said the Senior Member.

When Greensleeves returned to the Mayor’s Of-
fice the next day, he was told that the council was
undecided.

"look, man, i haven't'got time to waste around
here. i got this other gig to make, so take it slow
and easy, okay?"

Greensleeves Gaudman took off in his skywriting
plane, climbed to average skywritfng height, and
wrote off,

SEE YOU lN.TWEN'l‘Y-ii‘lVE YEARS MAYBE

  Sees Need forScholars at filban

the other hand, has eleven Nobel
prize winners alone.

Albany Locks Scholars

A second basis for judging the
excellence of a school is in the
number of graduates who go on to
further study, especially the num—
ber who win Wilson fellowships
which are granted for preparation
in college teaching.

Gould noted that Albany grad-
uates have received far too few Wil-
son fellowships in the past, but
conceded that possibly, "the reason
is the faculty, motivation, and tra-
dition of the school.”

With the change in Albany's pur-
pose from a teacher’s college to a
liberal arts institution, however,
Dr. Gould remarked that “you have
the greatest laboratory for educa-
tional experiment.”

One experiment which he would
like to see tried is the independent
study program such as he helped to
institute as president of Antioch
College.

A group of students were given
‘ihe syllabus for the course and
left alone for the semester. They
attended no classes. and conferred
with their instructor only by their
own choice. At the end of the se-

   
 

DR. GOULD talks in his office with Edith Hardy, co-cdiior oi
the ASP. Dr. Gould outlined his new and broad program of action
for the State University. '

   
   

master they scored as well as or
better than a similar group who
took the course under conventional
methods.

The important difference wasthai
the experimental students developed
an independence and an enthusiasm
for study, which the other students
did not, said Gould.

 
  

Fees and Football

Two other subjects which were
touched on briefly were tuition and
“big-lime athletics." Gould feels
that enough financial help has been
made available so that tuition is nuts I ;
burden’ on any student. He added,tbe ,
building program would not be pos- ' 5'
sible without tuition." .

As far as having nationally known -
football teams at State University ;
units in the ,future, Gould stated em-

phaiically, "I don’t telieve in it.” i
He cited several instances of ;.

schools which had attempted to in-
stitute such athletic programs, and l
which had found the problems too
great. "The temptation (to win)
once you get two It is tremendous,”
he argued. '

Although he ran cross-country
during his four years of college,
he now favors more emphasis on
sports such as golf or tennis which
can be enjoyed throughout life.

 

was»: :‘rwgn ~

l
l
i
f
1

  

"ﬁ’ﬁiusd'vvrﬁmz 114

SUNYA Enrollment Hits 47“; ‘ 

Class of ’68 lurgestinHislory i

The student enrollment at SUNYA
for the academic year 1064-65 to-
fals 4711. The reason behind the
tremendous increase in enrollment
is the expanded facilities of the
new campus, which had been sched-
uled for completion in September.

The breakdown of the registra-
tion is as follows: 1043 graduate
students, 55 special students, 74]
seniors, 848 juniors, 805 sopho-
mores, and 1219 freshmen. Included
in the class registration are 298
transfer students.

This year’s freshmen class is
the largest in the history of the
university. An enlarged faculty is
another indication of the transition
that is taking place. Sixty-five new
members joined the faculty which
now totals more than 400.

Store University lncrcolo

While this expansion both in cam-
pus size and in enrollment has been
going on at SUNYA, there has also
been a significant increase in the
registration of the entire State Uni-
versity.

Preliminary figures indicate that
the full-time enrollment of the State
University this year is 92,226 stu—
dents, an increase of 20.5 per cent
over last year's 76,510 students.

This vast population is distributed .
throughout the 58 University Cen- ,
ters, Medical Centers, Graduate ;
Schools, Two and Four-Year Col-
leges, and Community Colleges of
the State University of New York.

This is the first time that en-
rollment increase has exceeded the ‘
14,762 increase when the State Uni- i
versity of New York at Buffalo, x
formerly the private University of I
Buffalo, merged into the State Uni- .
versity on September 1, 1962. 5

University Moots Needs
The head of the entire State Unl-

veraity, President Samuel B. Gould, 
feels that the great surge in on- N,
rollment is due not only to the in- 
crease in college applications, but  i,
also to the ability of the State Unl- ; .5
versity to expand to meet these -
demands.

President Gould added that the
heavy enrollment will probably con-
tinue as a result of the increasingly
large number of New York State
high school graduates.

Albany will continue to receive
its share of the increase. The pro-
jected enrollment for the 1964-65
academic year is 5,000 full-time
students.

.2....‘-,.’~L 3

we“

 

