   

 

   

 

 

"Let the layer Deirdre”

Classified

.Do ﬁm want to get may from it all? SUNY Acres now is renting.
r “Beautiful 22 story apartment buildings. No independents allowed, no
,‘electricity, no water, no neighbors, no transportation, view: two miles

to! sand. Contact the administration.
‘Help Wanted

[ Talented, Experienced Song Ludo. needed. Fringe benefits include one

3 large used trophy. Going into rehearsal May 1. Address lettters of appli-'

cation to CHrIstmas SInG.

{Walter wanted for Wednesday night Senate meetings to replace present
Lemployee. Contact Finance Committee chairman. , r

 Biologist for school cafeteria to identify foreign particles found in salads.

Contact Norm Stewart for further information.

is
Resident Assistants needed — Pierce Hall. Must be charming gir ,
well-behaved, intelligent, capable leaders, and be associated with the
same group that the housemother was.

V Positions Sought

Twa cynical young ladies desire a position as construction workers on
the new campus. If U C Any, please notify us.

Wantedl Number 1 in the dorm room drawing. Willing to be an R.A.
if necessary. Please contact number 499.

For Sale
8 sorority houses and 4 fraternity houses. Parties concerned are moving
within the next four years. Buy now - - avoid the February rushl

Wanted to Buy
One sweatshirt! Willing to pay Any Price if Available. Notify Lawrence
of Arabia.

Lost

Interest in University activities.
Time to study .
One weekend date

One witrered tuli .

Found

Apathy

Time to drink
One rotten guy
Six new buds

 

 

,f‘

of Chevrolet's live great highway performers.

__/\ \._’

 

 

l I l

Sport Coupes above: ('uruefle Sting It'rtu, ('hevy ll Nomi, ('oruui'r .lloiizri, ('licuciie Malibu, (.‘licvrolci Impala.

5 different ways to make a big splash!

without going oveibocml on price

 
       
   
   
         
    
 
    
     
  

State's most successful rock and roll gr
William Smith, John Tyo, and Al Horton.

by Dave. Janks

They call it the “Liverpool Sound”
— a rocking mixture of the Beatles,
the Dave Clark Five, the Searchers,
and the other current hit groups
from foggy 01’ England.

The band is the “Commanders”

ITRAE ‘N’ TRAVEL TIME AT YOUR CHEVROLET DEALERS

 

It's get:the-cottage-ready time. i’ut-the-boat-in-the-water time. Baseball time. ’l‘rade 'N'
Travel i‘ime at your Chevrolet dealer’s. Time to get out of that wintertime rut, into one

Now it's easy to go on vacation ﬁrst class—without paying a first—class price. In a
luxury Jet-smooth Chevrolet, for example. This beauty rivals just about any car in styling,
performance and comfort. Or try a totally new type of travel in the youthfully styled

‘ ()hevelle, Lots of room inside—yet nicely sized for easy handling.

Now thrifty Chevy ll has hill-flattening power. Unique Corvair
offers extra power that accents its road—hugging rear engine traction.
And the exciting Corvette speaks for itself.

Yes, right now is new car time. ’l‘-N—’I‘ Time. Time to get the most
. fun from a new car. To get a great trade on your old one. To get a
muuauuummumm big choice at your Chevrolet dealer's. Come on in!

 

CHECK ME NH DEALS 0N CHEVROLEI - CHEVELLE ' CHEW II - CORVAIR AND CORVEUE NOW AT YOUR CHEVROLET DEALER'S

i
i

or more precisely “John Tyo and
the Commanders,” a group of five
State students who sound forth with
some of the liveliest music this
side of the Atlantic.

The band opened this past week-
end at the Kenmore Hotel en North
Pearl Street in Albany, and will be
playing there again this Friday and
Saturday nights.

Atmosphere Appropriate
“This location offers a perfect
sort of atmosphere for our style
of music,” commented lead rock

and roll guitarist, Bill Smith.

The “Liverpool Sound,” as the
band has labeled it, has been brought
about by the recent inﬂux ofpopular
music from England. It was initiated
and whirled to the top of the world’s
hit parades by the mop-flopping
Beatles.

The wild combination of “E”. T-B”
beat and “harmonized shout" has
captivated an energetic college
crowd. The “Commanders”produce
this much sought sound through the
combined efforts of a bass guitar,
two lead guitars, three strong

Reading Skill Important

For Successful Career

About 90% of everything learned
comes through reading. Yet, accord-
ing to a Chicago research firm,
most people stop learning the skill
of reading somewhere between the
third and sixth grades — and far too
many Americans lose the habit of
serious reading when they slam
atheir school-books shut for the last
time.

Top level executives in all fields
agree that the man who reads more
achieves more. Correlationbetween
success and reading can actually be
expressed in terms of dollars. In
a recent survey, 100 company offi-
cers earning over $7500 a year
were asked, “How tiiuch have you
read in the past week?”

The total of their answers: 338
magazines; 53 books; 1490 news—
papers.

Then the researchers asked 100
men in the same age group whose
salaries had never reached $7500

a year. The total for them: 229
magazines; 28 books; 1177 news-
papers.

Readers Acliiovo More

Those in the more responsible,
high-paid positions read alinost25%
more than the latter group. Evidence
that men who read more achieve
more.

The experts at New York City's
Reading Laboratory, Inc., whose
developmental reading program is
used in more than 100 schools and
colleges and by 300 industries say
that you can learn to enjoy reading
more by following five steps to
better reading:

1. Pro—Read First. Before you
begin to read anything, give it a
quick, searching scrutiny to decide
how much will be useful for you to
read. Sometimes scanning an article
for example, will give you all you
need to know of it, with a conse—
quent saving of time.

2. Read in Phrases. Phrase read—

BMW-A ma;u-.ssu n M...   , e arm... A. ..

oup clowning it up. Left to right Mike Hughes, Paul Slusar,

 

 

 

 

 

  

the Medusa,

voices, and a vibrant set of drums.

John Tyo, the group’s organizer
and leader, sings and plays the
trombone, which adds a mellow
touch of styling to the slower num-
bers. Bill Smith sings lead and plays
the guitar. Paul Slusar sings and is O) .,
the bass guitarist. Mike Hughes
plays the other guitar, and Al Hor-‘
ton backs up on the drums.

Counts to Commanders
The group began two years ago
under the more familiar title of
“Campus Counts.” Since that time,
they have played at parties and
weekends on most of the local cam-
puses.

oi Medusa
a half.

“We have come a long way,” says
leader, John Tyo, “it has taken us
two years to unify our sound and
develop a style of our own.”

, lifeless.

The first time that Albany heard
the new sound and style was when -,
the group earned $120 for State ’ )
Fair with an imitation ofthe Beatles.

Now these collegiate rock and toll
artists hope to earn a little money
to help finance their own education.

By all
Medusa

ing not only increases speed, but
also improves comprehension and
concentration by keeping the mind
busy. You can think much faster
than you can read, since your mind
naturally moves faster than your 0 ) .
eye.

3. Concentrate when you read.

4. Master skipping and skimming.
Skipping means that you jump over
large sections of material. When
you skim you cast your eyes down
a page without actually reading but
looking for significant phrases to
stop you.

5. Build your vocabulary.

Perhaps you’re one of those who
don’t find time to read. The Edu—
cation Department of International

A“ ngiew

by Cathryn Tonsky and Betty Kipper

One’s time would be well spent lll
viewing the paintings of Hobart An-
gelock now on exhibition at the 327
Gallery. His landscapes and his
abstracts, the two genres repre-
sented, are united by a common
mood which may be best described

Paper Company suggests that you as “solitary.”
set aside half hour a day just for
reading. Pick any time that suits Inspired by ""(‘|kst “805' and

expanses of field, Mr. Angelock has

your schedule and stick to it. As
created an unpeopled world iiiwhich

soon as you finish one, start an-

other. the sun rarely shines. The moon—
light of a clear night, or the grey-

How do you choose the books you ' ) ness of a Winter’s day provide the
read? By all means, read the best— .ill‘llsl with subject matter t'ollh‘lﬁlelll
seller list, but don't stop they-(L A with his temperament, and the

viewer experiences front resultant
paintings such as “Yankeetown
Pond” and “Country Night," the
emotions of the lone Walker with
his thoughts his only companions.

book review will give you a better
idea of what you may like. Try
this too. Give your librarian a list
of your ten favorite books. She’ll
find more you may like.

Never feel guilty about not fin-
ishing a book that bores you, no
matter how popular it is.

Unconventional Stylistic Evolution

Interesting to note is the uncon—
ventional evolution of Mr. Ange-
iock’s painting from the abstract
to the realistic, Hts need for ab—
stract expression, quite obviously
inspired by nature and especially
by rock shapes as illustrated by
“Island Hills” and “ltocky Shore,”
has developed into a desire for
iiore realistic rendering of land—
scapes such as “From the Artist’s
Wfiidow’l and “Yankeetown Pond,”
the artist appears to be equally at
ease with either genre.

Children Should Be Helped
Finally, you’ll probably find read-
tiig much more fun if you make it a
family affair. Ask little children in
your family to read aloud. This
does wonders for their self-confi-
dence. Praise them when they do
well. '5 )
Help them to learn, as you have,
'liat reading is a main route to
self-iinpi'oveiiient, whether thepur-
pose is to get a better job, or just
to keep up with the world and the
ulterestnlgpeopbm“. The constant movement in his
' abstracts becomes immediately ap-

on stage

by Pat Fosono

For a director, cast and crew, a rehearsal isa
great deal of dedication and hard work. To someone
viewing a rehearsal, it’s almost magic. With Raft of
one easily gets caught up in this magic.

Day after day, bits and pieces of lumber have been
hammered and nailed into place. Disconnected and
confusing as the job may seem slowly but surelya
great raft is rising in the center of Page Hall stage.

The raft, which appears to be suspended in space, is

large enough for thirteen people to move about it with

no trouble. It is awesome in its size and structure and
seems to be making a statement all its own.

. Then, too, there is something magic in the way that
a group of people, who for the most part, never knew
each other before, come together and begin to work
and perform as one unit with one purpose in mind: to
do the best job they are capable of. The cast of Raft

is in rather unusual circumstances: they

are stranded in a raft for approximately one hour and

It is nothing less than exciting to watch them react
to each other, aware of each others’ presence, yet
drifting aimlessly on the sea, sometimes p1ayful,.
sometimes moved to violence, and other times almost

The greatest amount of magic seems tocome directly
.from the director, Mr. James Leonard. It is his imag-
ination, interpretation and energy that pulls the entire
effort into one cohesive production.
mild, and he makes his points sharply and clearly. He
infects both cast and crew with a keen awareness of
what is going on at all times and his enthusiasm makes
them eager to do what is desired.
indications from rehearsals,
promises to be an exciting dramatic exper-
ience and a rewarding endeavor for the State Uni-
versity Theatre department.

His manner is

Raft of the

parent; there is acontmunl diffusion
of shapes — tit times a gentle, yet
quietly energetic movement such as
that in “Still Life,” and at times a
heavier, louder movement such as
that in “Rocky Shore.”

lly contrast, his realistic land-
scapes, divided lllltllltll'lZUllltll areas
of color, are still and tranquil. Mr.
Angelot-k has brought more than
let‘lllllt'ill competencetohispainting.

Ability to Portrciy Mood
The Artist’s ability to portray ti

steam Leases. thinks APﬁli: , 24.  ‘: 

'OPOI’u Buiia’

Preserves

by Ian Leet

Don Pasquale, by Gaetano Don-
izetti, is one of the last and best
of the opera buffas. It has a re-
markable human quality which
makes it less dated than the serious
operas of the same period, and
possesses music that is fun to
listen to as well.

Donizetti always wrote pyro-tech-
nicaily oriented operas which
thrilled the audiences of his time
with their dazzling vocal display.

Don Pasquale is Still delightful,
for its composer never better dis-
played his ability to write exciting
buffa music.

Witty StoI‘Y

In the story, Don Pasquale is
concerned because his nephew Er-
nesto, won’t marry a woman he has
chosen for him and provide him
with heirs. Ernesto is in love with
Norina instead, and Don Pasquale
decides to get married himself to
show the young upstart.

A story line like this provides
ample opportunity for good-natured
film, and the production last Satur-
day by the Metropolitan Opera Studio
had all this to spare. The lively
and sprightly music, coupled with
the portrayal of the pompous old
Don gave the audience a lot of good
healthy laughter.

Broad Portrayed
Gemi Beni played the Don very
broadly, a little too broadly at first,
adding a few mannerisms that made
the Don seem even more doddering
than he really is, which is bad
enough. But he settled down and after
intermission was almost perfect. In
spite of reservations about his act-
ing ability at first, there is little

complaint about his Voice.

Dominic Casso, as Malatesta,
played this role for the first time,
and showed a fine understanding of
the role, projecting both in his act-
ing, and in his voice the good-na-
tured, yet puckish nature of the
doctor.

Nicholas Di Virgilio sang the
smaller role of Ernesto in Doni-
zetti’s way. He has a handsome
tenor voice, and made the most of
every soaring phrase. He was
thrilling to listen to, if not always
to watch.

Brilliant Norina
However, the evening was Nor-
iiia‘s. Not only did Anne Elgar have

New Exhibition Reveals Angelock’s

Unconventional Stylistic Evolution

mood is perhaps his most apparent
quality. His understanding of line,
shape, and especially color, enable
him to achieve his end. He uses
combinations of reds, oranges, and
pinks, as in “Island Hills, and
shades of bright blue aslii“Menein-
sna Pond" to create an intense
sterility of emotion as well as he
uses greys, or dark browns, greens
and blacks, often against the stark
white of moonlight, to gain ti lonely
lll(i()(l.

Ml”. Angelot'k‘s paintings will be
Lil the 327 Gallery until April 25.

IASP Seeks Dramatic Criticl

'l‘ho ASP is seeking a new replacement

for the

vacancy necessitated by the creation of the Arts Ed—
itorship. The position is immediately available and will
continue during the noxt school year,

’l‘he critic must be available to review all dramatic
productions on this campus and possibly other dramatic
and allied productions in the Albany area.

in order

Dep I
should not be affiliated

as a major or

to avoid conflict with the faculty of the
artment of Speech and Dramatic Art, the reviewer
with the department, either
a minor. There is no other restriction

on the reviewer’s field of study.

Into res

ted persons should contact the ASP Arts Editor

on Sunday, Monday or Tuesday evenings and should be
available to review the remaining productions of this

so meste 1‘.

 

the vocal command to cope with
Donizetti’s writing at every step,
but she is a fine actress too.
Other good points of this well-
handled production included the mu-
sic direction of Edwin Stahl, and

Page hall.

titanium

A scene from last Saturday's presentation of Don Pasquale in,

    

 tylle

especially the witty and clever Eng-
lish translation of Phyllis Mead
which is a model of the way trans-
lations of this type should be done.
In all, it wasa performance ofan
opera that is meant to be really
enjoyed.

 

Bassirer Reveals Bond (it:

concept and

by Alex DeIEini

In Language and Myth Ernst
Cassirer endeavors to show the
relationship between mythological
conception and the genesis of lin-
guistic symbolizatlon. The book
serves as an excellent introduction
to Cassirer’s more comprehensive
philosophy of “symbolic forms,”
which is an attempt to formulate
a theory of knowledge based on the
analysis of man’s world ofsyinbolic
concepts.

Cassirer suggests that the ulti-
mate goal of epistemology is to
understand the nature of the “con-
cept” and how it is related to the
world of experience. He believes
that all concepts are essentially
evolved “symbolic forms” by which
man organizes his experience into
more meaningful terms and thus
allows himself to relate to the
outer world more dynamically. To
gain full understanding of the nature
of the concept it is necessary to
analyze the entire process of sym-
bolizatioii, tracing it back to its
most elementary beginnings.

Symbolic Expression

The two oldest forms of symbolic
are language and myth. Language
itself is capable of expressing two
modes of thought - the creative
and the logical. ’l‘rnditionally it has
been assumed that language is prim-
ai'ily a function of the logical or
rational mode of thought, the cre—
ative (that expressed, for example,
in the mythic) being a secondary
and later aspect of language.
Cassirer argues against the tra-
ditional point of view t-onteiidingthat
the rational lllllt'llUll of language is
a later development 111 man’s mode
of symbolic expression. it is
Casstrer's positioti that language in
tact first develops in a way similar
to mythic conceptualization.

Cassii'er develops this point in
the following way. Traditionally it
was assumed that man developed
linguistic symbols by distinguishing
certain objects in experience by
specific qualities anti characteris—
t“(illiissirer claims, however, that
presence of rational faculty of dis-
crimination prior to the i'oi'iiizitioii
of language. It -s Cassii'er's view
that language must first develop
before such ii iatioirai grocess oi

Expenencei

discrimination can occur. To find{
a clue to how language develops
he turns to the analysis of mythical
conception which seems to indicate
a totally different process of con-
ceptualization.

Pattern of Conception

Cassirer recognizes a distinct
pattern of mythical conception in
various primtiive tribes. The
earliest mythical concepts are not:
products of rational discrimination
nor are they perversions of an
already established faculty of reason
in man. The earliest myths are
in fact the first attempts by man
to distinguish from the flux of ex-
perience the meaningful elements
and objects that he relates to in
the course of his life.

In the first stage of myth-making
a “momentary deity” is born at any
time when the primitive concious-
ness is suddenly a strong emotional
reaction in him. When he feels for
example an immense feeling of fright
before some object, he objectifies
his powerful emotion charging the
object with a special power of
divinity.

Clue to Symbolizotion

In this early mode of mythic
conception lies the clue to linguistic
symbolizatlon. The word is uttered
not us a rational symbol but as means
of oblet'ttfying the priiiiftive’s inner
feelings, As it is uttered it is
retained in experience.

The mythic tendencies in man are
never totally lost for they arise
from a sense of llltleilllllellBSS. As
language breaks away from the bonds
of niytlni- conception and moves in
the t'll't'leh‘ of logical and synthetic
thinking. it is no longer able to
supply the mythic perspective with
adequate terminology. Language de-
velops from the indefinite, becomes
progressively concrete. The mythic
or more sophisticated l'ellgiUUSllll-
aginatlon cannot remain content with
the concrete terms of language,
for the World that transcends the
concrete and definite is inef'fable.

Lunauage and Myth is a very
interesting work that ought to stim-
ulate the imagination and interest
of the reader more than moment-
arily. Perhaps it would be best
to read it as a follow—up of one
of (Jassirer's more comprehensive
books, for example An Essay on
Man.

 

..s..‘..~m~m.a~:t~mim-

.~ “no.

 

