 

PAGE 6 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 14, 1964

 

- - '27. M°'x.'-°'!i3.&-'?icl item's 

LAAA A A A A A-

Happiness is a Warm Puppy

. . . Schultz
is paying $10.50 for a $10.00 book. Hooray for that glorious

Misery
non-profit organization — The Co-opl

Misery is the academic advisory system of this university. Do you

know who your advisor is?

Misery
rushing. Don’t cry. It isn’t your fault is it??

Misery is the big hush concerning A. A. Board. Doesn’t it seem reason-
able that an organization which spends almost one-half of our student tax

should let us know what the Board is doing?

Misery is the enforcement of strict hours on the women of this school.

After all, they are women, aren’t they?

Misery is Camp Board! Or is there any such organization???

Misery is election time. When you vote, consider the work done by the
people running for office — not the brightness of their smile.

Misery is the attitude of many ofthe students in this school. As has been
said before, your school is what you make it. Let’s see some examples

of the uniqueness we possessed as freshmen.

Misery is the lack of publicity of the adniinistration’s equivalent to an
appeals board. This type of committee is a valuable instrument for both
the students and the administration and its existence should be publicized

man

? of the Week

Is the Athletic Advisory Board’s surplus wrapped iii pigskin?

 

ft on/I'I/m'r/ from pagi' 3)

ing as the previous din.

Stepping out into the aftermath of this
violence, one is struck by the contrasts in
this vast symphony of sound. The raucous
tones of the percussion and horns have
given way to the soft and subtle tranquility
of the flute and violins.

The atmosphere is cool and sparkling.
The flowering plants seem to sigh with
relief as they absorb the life—giving mois-
ture and prepare to burst forth into their
radiant splendor.

Peace has one more returned to the land.

THE BEGINNING
(” ‘Where shall I begin?", the White Rabbit

asked. 'Begin at the beginning...', answered the

King.")...... ibid

It was with eager anticipation that fifty-
one Peace Corps Volunteers assembled to
hear warm words of welcome from the
President of Columbia University on No-
vember 5, 1961. We were about to begin
academic training to become one of the
first groups of Volunteers to be sent
abroad.

In those incipient days the Peace Corps
was little more than a vision — noble and
altruistic, perhaps, but still untried and

unproven — and we had taken upon our—
selves the task of making that vision a
reality.

This group was being prepared to teach
secondary school in Sicrra Leone, West
Afri 'a, a country which just that your had
gained independence from (lreat Britain
and had become the onc—Iutndrcdth mem-
ber of the United Nations.

When we gathered for our first class
We found ourselch a mixed lot: rcccnt
college graduates; schoolteachcrs; others
from a variety of occupations, from an
actor to a physical thorapist; about fottr
males to every femalc; homes from Iios—
ton to Seattle, from Minneapolis to Atlanta.

Demanding Schedule
And so it began. The schedule was full
and demanding, Most of the time it was
intenscly interesting and challenging —- on
occasion it was somehwal less so. A day
would normally run as follows:
8:00—9:00: Instruction in Mende (one of
the native languages of Sierra

Is your favorite frush not making the required average for

vv-v-v

by J. Roger Lee

This country was founded in rec-
ognition of the liberal premise that
all men have inalienable individual,

rights. Our government was lnsti- the last

tuted “...to secure these rights...”

The concept that governments are
formed by people to protect their
pre-existing indivi-
dual rights was tin-
iquely that of the
American revolu-

vism.

Man, until this
point in his history,
had never seen the
the formal institu-
tional
tlon of the principle that men are
created equal and have the right to

 

happiness.

Prior to 1776 the history of man

anti ruler-subject relationships and
iiol that of equitable relations be-
tween individuals. The United States
was the first government which was but,
not based on the premise that one
man or one group of men is sanc—
tioned to use force or the threat of
force to dominate and live at the ex—

usually

 
 
 

INTENSIVE TRAINING MARKS VOLUNTEER'S LIFE

Leone).
9:00—10:00: Health and tropical hygiene.
10:30—12:00: Lecture in area studies(his—
tory, sociology, politicalsci-
ence, etc., relating to Africa
in general and West Africa
and Sierra Leone in particu—
lar).
1:30-3:30: Area studies—lecture and dis—
cussion.
3:30-5:00: Physical education (physical
exercise plus instruction in
playing and teaching various
games applicable to the West
African school).
Lecture and/0r discussion of
area studies.

The area studies lasted for three weeks,
being replaced by three weeks ofliducation,
and then by one week of American govern—
ment and political institutions.

When the seven weeks was over it was
two days before Christmas and we were
tired and ready for a short holiday. Thirty—
eight of the original group oi‘Sl rcmaincd —

7: 00—9: 00:

3 leaving of their own accord and 10 being
dropped for physical or psychological rea—
sons.

 

These two volunteers organized a village baseball
game using hand-carved bats in Bopolu in Liberia.

"I‘hosc of us who survived the first phase
of the program were anxiously looking for—
ward to spending the next 18 months in
Africa, ptttting to the practi ral test all that
we had dreamed and talked about since the
time, long before we entered the Peace
Corps, when this idea first fermented in
our minds.

New Year's Fitting Beginning

January 1, 1962. There was no snow,

but a chilling, blustery north winds made

“ The American Forum

Collectivism Weaken: Spiritual Filter

pense of the rest of mankind.

America, however, has been grad-
ually renouncingthisesteeniedprin-
ciple. The Intellectual, social, and
political trend lIl this country over
seventy-five years, has
been away from this Jeffersonian
individualism and toward collecti- cans have traveled too fat .t.

Unsavory Alternative
to the philosophy of
collectivistn, man has no rights as
tion. such but exists as the property of
the collective of his fellow men.
Under this system, the individual
exists and functions it an only if the
group (or its leader) permits him
does, then, In return for
this permission, he must perform right to exprwt in rem“, 
his functions, not for his own bene-
that of the collective.
Coilectivism is only another form
of tyranny, namely, tlte tyranny of

New Ideal the majority
America
had been a history of master—slave, to this collectitisl stale. Political
speeches no longer center on in-
righls as the prime cott—
sideralion of governmental policy
rather, on considerations of
all undefined and undefinable “pub—
lic good”
decided by arbitrary and
authoritarian governmental edicts.

According

objectifica- to. If it

their lives and to pursue their own fit, but

di \'lt Iual

In tnost quarters, the th‘t'ojttui H.
ity of what Herman Goerintt t .illt’:
the first principle ofNazistn. nan c~
1y, "Common good comes lilo".
private good” has become ﬂIILtll. »
foregone conclusion.

It can safely be said that Ann.
from their original libcral pr; ‘
pies in their journey toward run... _
tivism when the chairman oi N.
Federal Trade Conunissntn 
“Private rights are llllpttl‘tui,'
the public interest is a mono:
right.”

This is especially true nit- - ..
President of the United Sum»
“that businessmen have lit-t.
bill the American people i...

iltt

i.~

freedom a higher sense o: 1' lim,‘ .
responsibility..." therein Ill ..
ing man’s inalienablc right u
dam to the status of a kct ,. .lllt
social permission.

If the World is to ket-p it-.cl:,
regressing back to llu- tail
conditions that werc the Illlt‘ w».
the American ltevoluuon, it .
reject collectivism and enu l. t - .
moral premises which rclt , l,: 
invlolubtlity of the fight-jib ,t-
indivnlual and uhich ltnd "c
pression in the Amei non It.
tioii of Independence.

moving ever closer

nature of which is

     

    

the steaming, sweltering heat of limp
Africa seem even farther away lllIIII w
5000 miles that it actually was.

New Year’s Day. An approprcuc
to begin this journey. The engines throw
and moaned as we made our way nu c
the vast expanses of the Atlantic 

Now we were enveloped in masw
wispy cotton clouds, lost in a diaphc
chalky haze; now we thundred chc 
less reaches of turbid and foamy Ht‘l
we raced away from the sun the llllll'l~."l
night quickly enshrouded the plant- t
cloak of darkness, leaving one to sltw
if he could — or to relax and losc lift"
in speculation about the future.

This was an unknown course I hndch»
for myself and I wanted, as much (is i
ever wanted anything else bcforc, to :4.
become a success, In a way, I l'cll Ill-
and all thc others around mc, wcrcon It
to set: wholhor this investment in “t
ti 'al idealism” could, in thc wow?
Sicinbcck, “not only survivc, bill [MM i

There was in all of us, I am so:
I'ccling that We could not fail; lllltl lln-
I‘ort could not n'tiscarry. 'I‘hcrc u'oul'
no second chance. With thcsc thou
mine a fitful slumbcr.

Odyssey Starts

As the sun rose to mcct us thc nc'x’
and began its stealthy asccnt, lln- co.
Africa suddcnly camo into vicw, proaoi
(IUIVUI‘H of cxcitcmcnt in cvcn lhc
blaSc of tlic group. A Iiug‘c amorphous l“
of brown appcnrcd below us, and I

t

dosccndcd, thc land bt-gun to tnkc on
and structurc,

H ltivcrs, winding'likc giant liquid pt ll. v!
IIhatchod—rool'cd mud huts, scallcrcl
incoherent ; .‘ofusion. Vast, cxpnnrst'v
nothing -— at least nothing l't't‘tlt‘,'lll/‘tltl -
Iiut we were still soalod in our “light bl”
island” — in a sense, we had not W I*
the Western llcmisphoro. '

Hut the moment the door was opt-ncd .:
We stepped out into a blast of tropical \\<
African heat and humidity, wo kncw \\l' ll . v
arrived. Suddenly and abruptly \yc lions
lerred from one culture to another; from =
milieu of security, t'olaxutimiitnd assuran

to [mother or Stl'ﬂllgellBSS. insecurity :tnd
tensmn.

l

Ihis was to be our now home.
(to be continued next week)

.. a

maximum; - .

—, i: ,v rnwrerrti'n’rYZ‘VI-Fﬂ‘i‘d‘"

-» -<~'ij“w:u~. ., ,

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 14 1964 PAGE 7

(.7

ACTIVITIES SHEET

To Be Filled Out By All Those Running in The General Election

editor’s Note: The following questionnaire is being printed by the ASP in an
attempt to obtain accurate unbiased information about all people seeking office
in the upcoming elections.

It is hoped by News Board that everyone seeking election will fill out all the
questions which apply to the person and will give the completed form to the ASP
in a sealed envelope by next Tuesday. These may be given to any member of the
News Board as listed on page four of the paper, or they may be given to the Editor
in the Publications Office, Rooms 4 and 5 in the Student Union. They may also be
left under ASP in the Student Mail.

All information will be kept in the possession of the editors of the newspaper.
All forms will be destroyed after the list of recommendations is completed. The
forms will at no time be shown to any rival candidate, any present office holder,
any faculty, or any member of the administration.

There is no requirement that anyone hand in the information. It is not even
a requirement for recommendation by the newspaper, but without a form the mem-
bers of the News Board will be able to evaluate the candidates only by personal
knowledge and heresay.
**************************************
Proposed questionnaire for all students Sceking officc in the upcoming general
election.

Your name

 

I. What are you running for’? If morc than one officc, list in preferential order.

l.__~__“ 2.__ H_7_~_7___7_ _~_ 3.

[Q

Have You hold class or Sonatc or othcr Studcnt Association officc'.’

 

 

3. Have you been chairman of any spccinl or standing committccs in Scnatc‘,’

What onc(s)'.’

 

Li. Have you served in: circle all appropriato:

 

Forum Ilobato Holiday Sing Slit) St )S Ilt‘A

Htatc lt‘air lionorarics Music (‘ouncil Strtlcsmon

l’arcnt’s Day Student I’cho Iii'p Ycarbook (‘nbiuct

(‘nmp Hoard I’rcss Iiurcuu

SI‘IANYS

Student (luidcs Campus Viewpoint
I)cpl_ of llccrcaiion

.\.\I%

Primer 5‘. ll. News

Campus Comm. Smilcs Il"t‘
WSUA I W;

II“(‘—ISC

Itcligious ('Iub ISIi

g'rcck Dorm (‘ouncil Young t‘ouplcs

(‘ommutcrs Judicial Hoard Rivalry Ilomccoming
I'llct'tiOli Comm. ;\lI t‘nivcrsilv Itt-ccplion (‘nmpus ( licst

I’lioto Scrvicc
Nami- posititms .‘Illtl spt't‘il'it' oil'lt‘l’ﬂ lll'llluﬂ _ _ ,   - » -~ a  c- 

\:tmc dutics and {icr-omplisl'nncnts I. _  _, _. _,  , ,    we

,l “but cxpcricncc do you gain II] lln- lll‘lll HI ’4‘)“ I'm" “I 1" lllh’l‘ “‘ h‘MI' l" 1"

:tnmvcrcd by l“|'t)Hl] only Ilc spct'iIit'.

lit- Slit't‘llll'.

How many hours a wcck arc ,vml Wilma" I“ l'UIllI'ibutc to your duttcsw V  _

~J

8 Would You favor a substantial Htudcnl 'l'ux Incrcthl‘ (liW‘ lltlllttl‘H 01' “I‘ll‘l‘vl lm‘

HUXI your. Answcr fulIy__ ﬂ 7    _-._. . A _ ._..

I

Current Comment

Rockefeller Budget Criticized;
New Assembly Secrecy Berated

by Joseph W. Galu

Two recent developments in state
government should be of interest to
all voters anti prospective voters.

The first of these is the rewriting
of the rules of committees in the
Assembly. In this body the coin-
mittecs continue to be stacked two-
thirds plus one Republicans to one-
ihird minus one Democrats, despite
the lineup which is only 86 to 04 in
favor of the GOP.

Secrecy Insured

The change in rules forbids the
recording of votes in the commit-
tees. The record will be the total.
There Will be no legal method of
demanding to know how a legisla-
tor voted oii a particular issue.

The setup of the Aswmbly itself
is such that everything except the
most partisan issues can be voted
on Wllll a roll call. All other voles~
arc i'ccorded us being tIItillllllItillS.

Governor's Budget

The budget subnntted lit. llocke-
fellct this year tl‘lll\ secms to be
onli the Governor’s and not till‘
state's. I rcach this conclusion
lI\ tIt-tcimtning as best I tar who
lll(‘ budch series most.

'I‘ht- lIIItlL't'l continues Io proxidc
ticw II It Its in show a balance until—
in the budget. The butl‘el plans on
a boom which is unpt'ecedt-med lll
I‘l‘lt‘lll Zl‘tll‘N.

’l'hc Ilt.lllt t'lll 'isms ol thc bud-
uct li‘tlH‘ bccn in llit‘ art-as ol cdu—
[Lillitlt and mucr pollution. The bud—
.ct prowlcs no ncw monc'. tor edu-
cation .md no lich toimuln topi'o—
znlc tilll .lltttillllit’ it» tho nunihct
Ill stlrn-nts in .i mslcin

I NOTICES PCT

 

French Club
Ion llllalt'uilt‘lll'ﬁ Will moct With
the I'icnt 1.1 tub of inc Intct national
t'cmor 3t, \\'illoll Strcet. lanter-
IlilI:.’|tt‘IIl, ttilicshntcnts‘, iiti'l con—
xcisanon with nutitcs ol l‘d‘kiltt'tl
will nigltlirlu ihc ctcnnu.

Yearbook
lino to Incl. ol stall help the
Torch is bchind in meeting its
dcndlinort. I‘lxpct‘it-nccd help is 111'-
z‘cnll‘. ntécdcd lttl' lui'ltllls’ undphttitt-
giupliy, l’lcase ticlp while ltomc—
Wotk 1‘» at u IIIIIlIlIilIlIl. tonlut't
t‘oilt'. I’eti'ick 'tl‘tl student mall,
at the Publication Olfice (Itoom »i
in lh'u), or at III‘I 4—tll53li.
Ski Club
All students InIctt-stcd lli form—
in,‘ u ski club .lrc thucsuui to at-
tcict u mccttng for this purposc in
Ilit‘ Studcnt Union at 7:30 p,m, on
l'IlllLij, I-‘cl-ruuty 31). Mr. Ilutha-
\\".i’. Will spout, .II the meeting.

Fancmg Society

The S.ll..r\. bent-in}: Society \vill
hold .1 , ‘lit‘ltil ItIlt‘Iildllitli ltlt’t‘lllij'
on l'ltt'mlii‘. l‘t‘ltllldl't In in Iii'u
litu III :3 ill Vii-VIII I' III.

.\ lt‘H‘dtil Kalli lrt' lu‘lll (til \Viulltt‘h»
titli, I'clitmt'. Ill .il 7 p.nt in
l’lt‘l‘l' llipll' Ittttttu. .\Il iliioicstctl
pt-oplt- uit- turn-d lo .ttlcnd boil.
Illl't‘lllil’h'

 

 

 

S'ena College Student Senate

presents

The New Christy Minstrels
Stu, Feb. 2) 3pm.
Gibbons Hall
Admission $2.50

Tickets may be purchased at:

talhum Music Bar —- latlmm

Blue Note Shop -— Albany

 

 

 

The budget, for the first time
since Harriman, provides no money
to reduce river pollution. This is
one more example of why the fed-
eral government ends up doing most
needed work. The state of New
York has more ability to pay for
needed projects titan any other state.

Still, Rockefeller in his attempt
to run for President at the expense
of the people of New York State has
ended one program of major im-
poi'tunce.

New York is taking no steps to
encourage the production of soft
detergents —- those which do not
pollute water supplies. New York
is taking no steps to increase aid
to colleges or public schools.

Cheap Debts
This last omission isparticularly
damning when one realizes that the
people ol New York voted to spend
int) million dollars for school coit-
slruction by the issuing of low in—
terest bonds.

A state, as a person, wants to
pay no mote interest titan it must.
The CXt‘tljtllttll to prove the rule is
New Y trk which hasbeenaltempting
to pit. as much interest asposstble.
The only reason lor all the above
disgt'uccs is.Rockelcllci"5ambition.
Good luck in New Hampshire,
smiley.

 

 

 

 

  

Fcrrantc .ind TCICIIOI'. Amer-
tm's foremost piano team.
plus it hugc lush sounding
orchcstm interpreting .I d0!
cn vclvcty standards

 

 

UAI 3JI‘J Mono lJA‘. bill) ’Slrlco

    

FEIRANTE
a antenna

 

/\ lush ‘ititllltiltig musical tour of
tin: world (Hit 31% Mono ’

k UAS £398 antrtru —

Nl’l‘l'll) 
It’l‘lH'l‘s

 

 

  

IN CONCERT

AT YOUR LOCAL
RECORD SHOP _7

 

 

 

 

um»... .,.

 

