 
  

  
  
   
   
 
  
 
   
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 

  

 

 

Wﬁw.nppv .. .. -..

 

.5
ii
i,
i
l'
l

   
    
    
    
   
 
    
   
 
  

 

    
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

"They're doing something about a graduated student tax. Well you
nothing more sure than death and taxes.” I didn't go to the meeting.

'lsnow the old saying, "There's

 

 

———3 COMMUNICATIONS —~—

 

 

Dr. Elbow-Refutes
Dr. Eson’s Attach

To the Editors:

In reference to remarks made in
the December 4th A. S. P. regard-
ing my talk on the Arabs and the
Palestine question, I was misunder-
stood and misquoted. Without taking
a position pro or can, I attempted.
to present Arab'feellngs as I ob-
served them durlng my recent stay
in' the Middle East and to describe
the situation of the Arab refugees
as I saw it in visits to many ref-
ugee camps. Irrespective of the
Arab point of view or the reasons
for the refugee problem, both of
these are grim facts of life which
"should be known.

My personal position is tllat of
one who desires peace, justice and
a better life for all the inhabitants
of the area. I realize how difficult
it is to achieve this in the face of
bitter emotions (and I know in-
timately those of the Arabs), but
we must keep on striving for the
sake of all humanity.

Matthew H. Elbow
Prof. of History

Student Questions
Motioe of Rebuttal

To the Editors:

After having read Dr. Eson’s
derogatory defamation of Dr. El-,
how's character and academic in-
tegrity, many of your readers have
questioned the motivations behind
such a caustic retort.

It is refreshing to observe in-
tellectual questioning within anaca-
delnlc community. Such aprocess is

vital on both the professorlal alld.

student levels, and in and of itself
should be encouraged.

Dr. Eson’s criticisms of specific
points within the context of Dr. El-
bow’s speech may have been quite
valid, but the personal innuendos
and the ethnic inferences concern-
illg Dr. Elbow‘s qualifications and
motivations were far less than pro-
fessionally courteous.

We cannot help but wonder if it
was Dr. Eson rather than Dr. Elbow
who was using his professional
status as a secure vantage point
from which to launch personal hos-
tilities. Dr. Eson claims to be a
social scientist; yet his remarks
did not appear to have been objec-
tively weighed.

Further we maintain that the ASP
and one staff member in particular
were used. This staffmember, when
approached by Dr. Eson to write
the story may have felt obligated
to do so since she is enrolled in
one of Ills Psychology courses.

Perhaps Dr. Eson's name rather
than that of the ASP reporter should
have been featured in the byline.
The reporter, fortunately, appeared
to have well protected herselfbythe
careful use of quotation marks.

Perhaps ill the future such highly
opinionated attacks should lake the
form of a letter to the editor or a
guest editorial, thus absolvlng a
staff member of any responsibility
for consequent public opinion. The
ASP should be used by students and

I faculty, but not lrllsused.

Finally we would wish that our
position be clearly understood. Dr.
Eson’s professional competence and
academic excellence is well appre-
ciated. His sarcasy and displaced
aggressions as manifested in last
Friday's ASP article are to be con-
demned.

His bitter attack of Dr. Elbow's
character and academic integrity
has not gone unnoticed. It has been
appraised as less than worthy ofa
man, a professor, and a chairman
of a university department.

Dr. Elbow deserves an open apol-
ogy. We wonder if he will receive
one.

Maggie Mansion

Professor Objects

To Colleague’s Remarks

To the Editors:

I greatly regret a featured item
printed in the December 4th issue
of A.S.P. Probably it was reported
with at least the usual accuracy
which is practical in light of prompt
news publication and possibly it was
fully appropriate in terms ofproper
journalistic practice.

My point, then, is that I distinctly
disagree with the attitude and the
nature of the remarks attributed to
the distinguished chairman of the
Department of Psychology. Pre-
sumably he spoke as a traveler
and a direct‘student of Mediter-
ranean peoples. Doubtless Dr. Eson
has much accurate information at
his command and is certainly at
liberty to share botll facts and in-
terpretations with those of us in—
terested in Africa and the Near
East.

However, there is a way to phrase
one's thoughts, even emphatically,
without making a tearing attack on
a colleague, who also has a right to
share his interpretations, when in-
vited. Our President has occasional-
ly suggested that we are entirely
proper in “disagreeing, but, should
avoid being disagreeable.” Are we
not a community of scholars? Do
we not reach for mature perfor-
mance as gentlemen and scholars?

It is my assumption that one of
the main messages we strive to
put across, botll to each other, and
to students, is the attitude of toler-
ance. In its finest expression this
amounts to giving dignity to other
thinkers, even and especially when
their viewpoints differ front our own.

Paul C. Lemon,
Prof. of Biology

Welfare State Seen

As Surrender of Freedom

To the Editors:

This republic may be in trouble,
but it may be ill even more trouble
if mall are to follow the advonatlons
of Professor It. W. Wilkie at the
Golden Eye last Friday evening.

Most men are in favor of fur-
thering civil rights and aspiring
toward the freedom of all men of
all races.

However, the complete welfare
state must he recognized as a sur-
render of freedom, incomlnlilble
with human nature and ideals.

Where does one draw the lifts
between the complete welfare state

and the ideal communistic state?
Such more than “creeping” so-

cialistic ideas as those presented

last Friday evening stand as a
threat to oilr‘ republican forln of
government and to the freedom and
dignity of all men - white and
Negro alike.
' Mary Ann Oliver

Golden Eye Goer
Denounces Jim Crow Program

To the Editors:

Heretofore, the Golden Eye Cof-
fee House has been treating the
University to some fine Friday night
discussions. Indeed, the sterility of
academic life has been lessened by
this inchoate organization.

Howover, last Friday the fare of
Mr. Wilkie’s l‘Jlm Crow in Per-
spective” must be carefully ex-
amined and reflected upon by every—
one who was there to evaluate just
what happened in those seventy min-
utes.

As Mr. Wilkie mentioned, his
program of poetry, prose, and sing—
lllg was prompted by Martin Du-
bernlan’s “In White America.” Of
that play. Howard Taubman wrote
that it was “painfully vivid theatre.
A flaming editorial...fllled with in-
dignation and it comes amusingly
and passionately alive.” 0.K. All
well and good

If the Wilkie and Lockhart team
meant to do this, their program
would have been honorable and jus-
tifiable.

But Mr. Wilkie was not content
to stop there, not while he had a

now. believe ‘ ' {intrig- fﬁia] matters of life and death all men are
equally worthy of our care alid‘concern'9-i-John W. Gardner in “Excel.
lence.." ’

    

    

We are also of the belief thatall men are equally worthy of our ncare
and concern,” especially here at State University at Albany. As so.
called Common-stators it is our duty to take what is common knowledge
around campus, write about it in some witty or satirical manner for an
to read-understand-comment upon, and in such a manner so that no one
individual is ostracized. Taking these premises in the context of our
first sentence we think this impossible for the following reasons:

1. Very few Occurrences on this campus are "common" knowledge,
because of the numerical size and spatial expansion of the university.
These factors contribute to making the "Common-Stater” an "in
group" column. .

2. This limits the “Common-Stator” in scope and interest for the
majority of the people in this university.

3. Furthermore, so-called “dumps” on individuals, and even groups,
are often of the nature so as todo more harm to the group or individual
involved than good.

Also, after discussion with several non-in group individuals, we have
heard other criticisms of the “Common-Stater” to the following:

- there seems to be no positive purpose in having the “Commun.

Stater“
.. it is an anachronism; a vestige of Teacher’s College (lays.
— the heterogeneity of this university, now and ill the future, for
outweighs its homogeneity and makes the writing oftlle "Common-
Slater” impossible for obvious rea50ns (l.e. two person teams are
rather limited in scope)

— the “Common-Stator" is “high schoolisll”

For these above reasons and refuted premises, then, we feel it .1
waste of good time and copy space to continue as Common-Stallel's.
We feel that in the future. “Common-Stater" be defined in purpose,
enlarged in scope, and more constructive in nature (and, while you mm
at it, devise a censorhsip policy equal to all), or, better yet, surrendpr
to antiquity.

Yours truly,
Art Ferrari and Gary Splelmann

 

ges, Elizabeth Flynn and the puppm
students in the San Francisco riots

captive audience (“Civil Rights iS
in this year.”). He drew upon the

g ; December ll, I964

wealth of material which a Ph. D.
in speech has mastered, namely

the tools of persuasion and the
mechanics of propaganda metho-
dology to turn an otherwise “flam-
illg editorial“ on civil rights into
an outright political rally to ex-
pound on his own leftist philosophy.

Encouraged by the crowd’s fa-
vorable reception, Wilkie and Lock-
hart proceeded to denounce J. Ed-
gar Hoover as sellile,to remark that
there hasn’t been an active Commun-
ist party in this country since 1930,
to relate how an F.B.I. agent had
the tables turned on him by Mr.
Wilkie (quite hysterical), to call
for an “across-the-board Welfare
state” for America. to call for a
re-written Negro history, and to
make a mockery of civil law by
gaining the crowd’s laughter in sup-
porting CORE's anarchistlc stall—
ins.

All this is pretty good burlesque,
especially when you have an audience
of guffawing silnians, but it's also
prostitution of the intellect of the
members of any self-respectinguni-
varsity community.

Tile fact is that Mr. Hoover can
be an emotional man, but he is not
senile.

Tlle fact is that there is a Com-
lnunlst Party in America today, al-
though its membership is not as
large as it was in 1930. Haven’t the
activities of the Rosenbergs, Hiss,
Philbrlck, Greellglass, Harry Brid-

been painful enough for Mr. Wilkie"

Tile fact is that all "across—tho»
board welfare state" would reduce
our country to just another unpl-n.
ductive socialistic commune.

Tile fact is that the Negro does
deserve a better place in Amer-iron
history, but we don’t need the likes
of a William Du Bois to do it. This
man was a Negro historian, yet he
saw fit to embrace communisanch—
noullce America and flee to Ghana.

Tile fact is that the cons stall—
ins were escheWed by its own mom-
bers.

As an afterthought, perhaps ll 1:.
not Mr. Wilkie who should be crui-
cized but that laughing, monolllhir.
faceless crowd who refused tovhal-
lenge him, myself included. It was
not until it was over that I realized
that we had been taken, and quite
badly.

If the intent of Mr. Wilkle-‘s f3).-
tra-program remarkshashecnnn»
understood, his reply is invited. In
particular, I would like to know why
the unbiased, open—minded, frec-
from-prejudice Mr. Wilkie, wllodls-
likes racial jokes and class (:Lll'lt‘ll-
lures against minority groups, had to
resort to aderogatol'y quip,“0h,thp
Jews have a word for that," lliul'lll‘l
to explain a joke. Is it that he isn’t
so free from bias as he would like
to think, and, perhaps, he is in lllt'
civil rigllts movement for Hillel

reasons?
John Shoo

 

 

Albany Student Press

ESTABLISHED MAY l9l6
BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

 

Tho Albany Student Press is a semi-weekly newspaper published by the student body of the State University ol New Yo”
at Albany. The ASP may be reached by dialing either 489-648] or IV 2-3326. The ASP office, located in Room Sol tin.
buchor Hall, 750 State Street is open lrom7 to II pun. Sunday through Thursday nights.

HAROLD L. LYNNE
Managing Editor

EARL G. SCHREIBER
Arts Editor

DOUGLAS 0. UPHAM
Photography Editor

WILLIAM H. COLGAN
Executive Editor

EDITH 5. HARDY - KAREN E. KEEPER
I

Co-Edltars-in-Chle

DEBORAH l. FRIEDMAN
Feature Editor

CYNTHIA A. GOODMAN
Associate Feature Editor

JUDITH M. CONGER
Technical Supervisor

JOHN M. HUNTER
Advertising Manager

CARREN A. ORSINI
Circulation Euchonge Editor

RAYMOND A. MC CLO/1 l

Sports Elihu

EILEEN L. MANNIlll.

Associate Educ.

DIANA M. MARI V

Business Mount, >l

SUSAN l. lliOM‘wh
Public Relations Dl'l'llll

 

 

 

Assistant Photography Editor .. j 5 hm 1...
Assistant Editor .. Jointly" Mimi“,
Dealt Editor ' ' ‘ ' ’ ' ‘ I I I '1 Eng" /,,,,
R"?°"‘" -------------------------------------- "LOW" AVI". Fred Nelson. Mills Forensll, Linda Hondolsmon, Sherry Curler, Denise "Jail.

Betty Newman, Linda Freshen. Maureen McDermott, Alice Nudolman, Mlcltl McGaughroy, Pamela i lluat
Eflumnlst:..............8ruce Daniels, Paul Jensen, Robert Judd, Kathy Braphy, David Chllds, Toni Muster, M. Gilbert Will-am-

 

Cartoonist

n‘“"‘ Church, Joseph Mahay, Steven Kling,

Roll-rt Mcodole
.. William sillf‘l’lold

 

All communications must he addressed lo the Editor

I arm mouths sI nod
cations phauld be limited to 300 words and are subject to editing. ' .
for opinions "pressed in Its columns or communications,

 

Names will he withhold upon request, Cormnum
; The Albany Student Pu" any"... no nwgmlbllll.
I“ WC“ "or-ulnar do not necessarily rolleci in yum.

 

  
 


 e

)0

) O

   
 

  


All or

 

 

  
 

 Hm Perform '
Dante Pantomime

by Debby Friedman

“Terrific” and “hilarious” were the remarks that
were overheard after the recent performance of Ruth
MATA and Eugene-HARI in “The World in Pantomime
and Dance)! Their art of pantomime and dance to
express satire is well known and it has been said
that they are "without peer in the business.”

It was easily seen in ther performance how Mata
and Karl can take a theme, an idea. or a feeling and
, capture it in their art to convey it to the audience.~
3 . Mata and Hari came to the United States from
Switzerland as members of a ballet troupe. They re-

called. “we studied ballet,
Pantomime was something we developed ourselves.”

 

jazz, and modern dance.

  

The various numbers performed demonstrated their
mastery of pantomime. The first act, “Exercise in
Movement.” was done with the dancers sitting on
stools. They never touched the ground. Their eye
movements and facial expressions helped tell the story
in pantomime of the simple, every~day routines of an -
American office worker from dawn to a “well de—

served sleep” at night.

The doctor and nurse image TV viewers often re-
ceive was satirized in a romantic operation in “TV
Doctor and Nurse.” The plight of the middle—aged
executive who has lost his youthful shape was per—
fectly satirized by Hari as he engaged in body-build—

ing — all to no avail.

“Marionette Theatre” and “Carnegie Hall” are
their two standbys in almost every performance. The
former seemed far superior —— Mata and Hari imitated
two flirting marionettes to the minutist detail. “A
Teenage Romance" was the highlight of the entire
show. Two typical teenagers were portrayed with all
of their “idiosyncrasies,” from hair styles to music.
“Have Gun Get Gold” was what it indicated it would
be — an old time melodrama.

Every act was a satire on some phase of life in
the U. S. “In the U.S.” Hari remarked, “audiences
seem to be laughing at themselves; abroad the laugh
is different — it reflects surprise and a comparison
) .to another way of life as when they performed in

South Africa.”

String Orchestra, Band,
Provide High- Callibre Performance

Friday, December 4, saw this
year’s debut of the University's.
String Orchestra and Concert hand,
both conducted by Mr. William llud-
son. Tile statesmen, directed by Ml‘.
Karl Peterson, were also featured
ill the program. Tile program was
presented twice with both perfor-
mances giving the listener all all-
Joyable' and exhilarating musical
experience.

The Orchestra opened the pro—
gram with a loan] musical triumph.
They displayed a fine mastery of
music ill playing two challenging
works of .l. S. Bach.

A lyrical Aria featured the beauti-
ful resonance and tone quality of the
slrillgs, especially the cellos; this
lone seemed slightly constricted and
tense at the afternoon performance,
no doubt due to tile nervousness of
the players ill their initial presen—
tulioll.

Spirit and Conlldonce

Bach's Brandenburg #3 was played
with spirit and confidence, stimu—
lated by the energetic and dynamic
conducting of Mr. Hudson.

Although there are an insufficient
number of viola and cello players.
the sections lnallltained aconsistelu
balance between the parts. Some
pitch problems arose ill the evening
performance during the difficult

soloistic passages, but was rem-
edled at tile ensemble passages.

'l‘he colltilluo part waswell-played
by llal'l'lel itossoff; but because of
the location of the bland ill the pit,
it was not audible throughout the
lllchlllellt.

All unnecessarin long interval
of time intervened between the or-
chestra and band selections. Per-
haps a more efficient system of
exit and ellll‘)‘ on stage ouglll to
be do vised.

Adequate Expression

The llillld presented a collection
of lusty muslcal lllorsels fl om lioro—
dill's “Pl‘lflt‘e Igol'” ballet and from
Gel'sllwlll's "I’ol'gi ulld floss
score. Wltll llle exreptloll of sev—
(il‘lll ponderous passages, the play—
ers adequately expressed llle nu-
ant-es of flylllilllll‘ alluding culled for
by- Ml'. lluflhf)”. Note accuracy, al—
though lilll [lel'let'l, was very l'fllll-
lilellllﬂlllt‘. 'l‘onu i1u:llll)’ ol-l-us‘lonnlly
suffered lll the lilwel' [lul‘ls :lnd lilo

clurinets hnd llllI been llllllul‘lllly
lllllell lll‘ltll' ll) Ilei‘llll'lllullf'l‘. Novel"-
lllclcsu, foul ensemble, this veur’s
band has shown itself i’iilllllllfl of

lilgll~i'llllll[5l' pul'lnl'lllulll'tl.
Wlfll selections presented by the
Slﬂletilllcll Lil the cunning. cont-art,

,Ml'. Peterson cut-o llglzlll directed

:l wull—blemlud and l'tiitl’lliliulllll coi—

ALBANY stiletto ms

by M. Gilbert Williams

Currently on display in Albany
State’s Draper Gallery are a trio
of exhibitions. each individual in
content and medium. This diversi-
fied offering of three talents work-
ing in separate artistic fields will
relllain hung for viewing ulltll re-
cess for tile Christmas holidays.

Sharon Meola, an art minor here
at Albany State, is represented with
inventive and well designed drawings
and collages, which truly present
some of the best pieces of student
art. Her still-life drawings of bottles
and flowers typify the increasing
quality of work which is being pro-
duced by Albany’s art lnlnors, and
is a lnere hint of a promisingtrelld.

Mrs. hleola’s works as well as
those of other talented students of
our art department give hope to the
establishment of an annual sale of
student on. Certainly a good num-
ber of students are producing sole-
able plot-es, and lllolletal'y encour—
agement is warranted.

Photographic Portraits

Secondly, you will lilld on ex-
hibit ill the Draper Gallery a show—
ing of photographs by- George Skar-
shinskl, who is currently enrolled
in one of tlle drawing classes. Most-
ly informal portraits with a few
studies of incidental objects like
garbage ('allS alld band drums. the
photographs on display are candid
portrayals of students and adults
attentively absorbed to a lecture.

Tlle photographs are vivid rec—
ords of types we are quite falnllial'
with: the long-haired lllale student
alld llle conservatively dressed mid-
dle-aged mall. Though the subject
matter of Skarshillski’s photos may
be lllllited, because they were all
taken witllill a short tillle, Ills sub-
jects are varied enough ill pose and
composition to create a highly ar-
resting and somewhat amusing dis-
play.

 

Statesmen

lecllon of fine voices. On two oc-
casions, however, a voice could be
detected as not halving dilninuendoed
enough. As usual, the dynamics alld
pitch were excellent.

Stutosmen

'l‘he Statesman were featured with
tile lland III a medley ofpopular col-
lege songs which included :1 new ar-
rangement of our Alma Mater by
Mr. Hudson. A rousing Sousalnarcll
concluded the program.

Audience response at the after-
noon concert was encouraging, but
attendance at the evening concert
was somewhat meager. For those
lll attendance at least, tlle appre-
llellsloll of going to it local per-
formance doubtful of hearing well-
Del'lDl‘llled music lliib‘ now been
dispelled. We look forward to tile
choral cullcel'ih' of December lltil.

 

  

Lastly I colne to Stanley Wyatt,
print-maker. Mr. Wyatt's 24 orig-
inal llnoleuln block prints offered
by the Art Council, illustrate an
imaginative and fascinating talent.

Some of Mr. Wyatt’s linocuts
have been executed for cover de-
signs of tile Prentice-Hall series,
"TWentieth Century Views."-His
“liletamorpllosis,” an insect-part-
man creature, graced tlle cover of
the volume on Franz Kafka. Simi-
larly, “Huckleberry Finn” was used
for tile cover of the Mark Twain
volume.

Supplementary Display

Fittineg enough, a showcase con-
taining several of these volumes
with \Vy‘att covers has lleenillstalled
for the sllow’s duration. This was
made possible with the cooperation
of Mr. Robert Bell . University Book-
store; and Mr. Ilolly' Greene, Jolln
Mistletoe Bookshop. The cover de-
signs on display do not duplicate ally
of the llllU('lllS ill the L'lll'l‘t‘lll show.

Obviously, Wyatt has a deep ap—
preciation for both the literary and
tile lllllusing. Ill portrait pieces like
‘;William Blake," author of “Songs
of Innocence” and all ﬂl‘tlSl.l(tU.allfl
ill “Emily Dickinson,” “Thoreau,”

artifacts

Through
December

p.m., 

Revealoiveirsity of Exhibitions, 5 1

and “Emerson,” Wyatt presentsla
distinctive and valid rendering of
literary figures which would indi-
cate a considerable study and knowl-
edge of his subjects.

Mr. Wyatt's humorous qualities
are evident in sucll prints as“Pre53
tidigitator," “Spanish Bawd," and
“Hop Frog.“ Wyatt gives Ilis viewer
a jOll, a poke in the ribs, a gentle
chuckle with Ills peculiarly executed
figures.

Humor and Literature

The expressions, tlle use of quick
cut lines,‘ the abstracting of forlns,
give creatures of the imaginative
and fantastic vein. llis “Ship of
F0015,” which he told me was in-
spired by Katherine Anne Porter’s
novel of tile same title, shows a
blending of Wyatt’s two central ill-
tel'ests: humor and literature.

\Vy'nti's contribution to this trio
is perhaps the lllUSl impressive of
the three shows.

This latest of Draper offerings
is perhaps the lllust enjoyable show
that has icon housed ill Albany State
smce Jallllnrl. It is truly “'(ll‘ill
seeing [or its diversity. originality,
and for the pleasure it will give to
everyone.

Wildlilc paintings, drowingl. and watercolors by
Walter Schoonmoher. Petite Gallery 204 Lark St.

'Thraugh
December 20

December 7-I 2

December I 1

December ll

December 14

December 15

December 16

January 4

January 12

Works by Eugene Winters, Mott LoRusso, and Ed-
ward Cowley (oi the SUNYA Art Department).
Galleria Miniature, 26 Chapel Street.

2'lst Members' Show _ Print Club of Albany.
Plus a selection _ol American Paintings and
Sculpture by Cassatt, Homer, and Bellows.
Albany Institute.

Tbc Tempest, presented by Schenectady Civic
Players. 8:30 p.ln. Civic Playhouse (12 So.
Church Street). Tickets: 52. LBO. Reserva-
tions: DI 6-995].

Tbt’ Messle (Handel), presented by Capital Hill
Choral Society, 8:30 p.m., Chancellor's Hall
(State Education Budding). Tickets or Area
Music Stores, “.25 (student)

Christmas Choral Concert presented by SUNYA
Department of Music. Page Hall, 1:25 p.m., Free.

Albany Symphony Orchestra. Philip Livingston
Junior High School. 8 p.m., Tickets at area
music stores.

An Impression 0/ Aiacbelb, with E. Martin Browne,
C.B.E., a. Henaie Raeburn (a linked series oI.
dialogue) 8 p.m., Jerome Dawson Library, Sleno
College, no charge.
Morley Meredith, baritone, in concert presented
by Mendelssohn Club of Albany. Chancellor's
Holl,8:30 p.m.

Jamie Laredo, violinist, presented by Albany
Civic Music Association. Albany High, 8:30 pJII."

Hal/c! Folk/mica (1/ Mexico, sponsored by the
Women's Council at the Albany Institute of His-
tory and Art. Palace Theatre, 8 p.m. Tlchotl:
$4.50 to 1.25, available at Albany Institute.

Marlon Anderson, in concert, sponsored by Wol-
come-Chapel Baptist Church, 275 State Street,
Albany, 8 p.m.

  

A PRINT OF Ralph Waldo Emerson, noted

noted

 

American author, is ‘
part at on exhibition of works by Stanley Wyatt. Mr. Wyatt is a

print mallet and illustrator. The exhibition will continue

until Christmas vacation in Draper Gallery.

 
 
       
      
        
     
     

       

     
   

   

 

 

 

   

         
   

