 

 

 

PAGE 10

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS. FRI DAY. FEBRUARY 28. 1964

 

Apothetics lose Their First 33-29
TXO Opens leod In league III

by Gary Murdoch

There was very little action in
AMIA basketball this week. The
only game played in the first two
leagues this week was between Club
487 and the Apathetics ot‘ APA. Both
teams were very cold from the
field.

Not one man hit double figures
for either team. The final score
was an upset, as The Club beat
APA 33—29, drawing the APA five
from the ranks of the undefeated.
Mike Goldstein lead Apathetic scor-
ing with eight points, while Golfarb
tallied seven for the Club.

TXO sports one of the toughest
squads in AMIA. ’T‘hey lead the
third league with a 6-0 record.
They have decisive victories over
EEP (44-24), the Dribblers (50-14),
KB (49-24), the Doormats (51-20),
and again (57-33). So far, their
only close contest has been against
APA. The score was 34—33.

Leading scorers for the Tth
squad are Ray Lalonde (13.8) and
Al Drake (12.0). In addition to lead-
litg their teams tiiey are otie and
tWo respectively iii the league.

APA III holds down the second
spot; tWo games belitiid the leaders.

 

Bowlers rest between tosses and check the score before toeing

the line for the next ball.

FEBRUARY 1.

 

 

DEADLINE
Orde rin

29 CRADUA TIO

2. Entering

 

"UNIVERSITY RINGS" may be ordered in the CO-OP Office
6-8 week delivery — MINIMUM DEPOSIT - $5.00

Men's Ring — large

Extra Heavy

Women’s Ring —- Small

all Jewelry prices plus I0% Federal Excise Tax

fo r

N ANNOUNCEMENTS
in the CO-OP Office

PERSONAL LIBRARY CONTEST

3. FULL REFUNDS
on TEX TBOOKS

$32.50

$27.00

The team has compiled a 5—2 rec-
ord in t'oiiipetitioii to date. Both
games were lost by one point. Be-
sides the loss to the Green and
Silver they lost 111-40 to the Door—
mats.

With three games left on the
schedule their chances of pulling
up to ’I‘Xf) are very slim.

Third League Scoring
Points Ave.

Lalottde ('I‘XO) 83 13.8
drake ('l‘XU) 72 12.0
Griss (Wit) :34 10.7
llari'otte (APA) 01 10.2
Kainmskt (KB) ~10 10.0
Litix (Wit) 4‘.) on
Stewart (AVA) 579 0.8

The One Eyes are undefeated in
league play amt look .is it they are
going to repeat as champions of the
fourth league. Joe hlﬂA/All'lllll has
been leading the Club withasi/rlmg
18.2 average. llig Gary Moore has
contributed with fourteen points lll
each game Mo re has been the big
man ol'ftlie boards sot'ai tliisseason.
’I‘lig fourth league has been plagued
by forfeits during the year as the.
other leagues.

A NOTICE l

 

Sports Writer

The Sports Department of ASP
is lo king,r for people that would
like to write sports stories for the
paper. The paper’s planned ex-
pansion after Easter will necessi-
tate a larger reporting staff. Would
anyone interested please contact
Ronald liamilton as Soon as pos-
stble by leaving a note in student
mail or by Visiting the office on
Sunday night.

"t

 

 

 

$38.00

 

 

 

HAMMING

IT UP

by Ron Hamilton

Many people are concerned about when they are mov—

ing out to the new campus and the athletic department
is no exception. It now appears the athletic facilities
will be a year behind schedule. The situation, unless it
is remedied before the move in ’65,will mean no intra—
mural activities or gym classes for'one year.

It is one of the many facing the athletic department
in its big move. In discussing the problems that have
been encountered, Athletic Director Merlin Hathaway
had many interesting comments on the subject. He was
very disappointed in the set back of the athletic pro—
gram. He was very happy with the plans that are pro—
posed, if they are ever completed.

It is very apparent that athletics have been pushed
into the corner in the past and it seems as if the situ-
ation is going to grow worse. The flabby American is
a reality only because professionals are trying to man—
ufacture human computers and they are quite willing
to sacrifice the human body to do so.

i am not advocating the Big Ten type of “profession—
alism,” but then complete apathy is not the solution
either. We are expanding into all kinds of new fields
of study, this is wonderful, but has it occurred to any
one that a program leading to a Physical lid major
might be worth considering. The facilities Should be
available at the new campus. Many students that are
interested in part time coaching have no opportunity

to achieve this goal.

After looking at the preliminary blue prints of the
athletic facilities I can say that the horses have not

been spared in planning.

The preparations have been

made now it is time to implement these plans with

some good progra ms.

The A A

Board should be

thinking of long range plans for the betterment of

our athletic program.

The importance of formulating

policy now cannot: be overemphasized.

State Teams at ii.t).A. Tourney
Murcness Sets Record in Billiards

'l‘hroo teams of State students
were sent by the Uniyoi'sity Cen-
ter Asstit'littloli [ti participate ill
the Itegton 1, Association of Col-
lege Unions 'l'ournatnont, in fluffan
during the past weekend.

The nion's bowlinr to.itn,-t'onsis—
ting of llaytd itoegnoi ‘30. Jattios
Gittioman ’07 James .\llrll;'lll ’tltl,
lklllt. Ellis ‘t'ii. .ind ly'it‘liultl Kimball
n.3, plat-ed senontli out of eighteen

Fencing,r Starts

'l'ho «dash of foils Will to build
in tho llt';ll' tunito on tho :lll‘illt‘.
State campus. 'l'ho tout'int', loam hits
.lltlitillllt't‘tl that it is beginntm its
serond season on l'oh. if? against
the i‘i‘i (fity [Vent oi s t‘lub.

'I‘ho Swo:ii'iin:oii Mono-rial 'l‘onr—
iiamont. Men's toil. will ho hold ill
l’dtﬂt’ Gym at 2 o’t-iot-k. The Tom»
namont is Ilillllt‘tl in lioiioi of All.
l.ni Syy'ouiingon who was l-.lllt‘t‘l iii
an lllllttllltil‘llt' .it t'lllt‘ill, Mi .Swoat -
ingon wan a ‘-t'i. attiyo llli‘llil‘t‘l
whon tho team was boini: oi grim/.od.

l‘ht- stpmd has hoon pint-innit:
Ill Watottniy and llill. (in Wodnos-
tl.t‘. .lIill Hilltll l.i\ llio\ lt‘t't'l‘it' Ii”.-
.‘Hlllh.

'I‘lioy .tlt' lvt‘lllt' Illtllit’tl in tho lino
til Iltt‘ .‘x‘dldt‘ .iiol lllt‘ l'till.

iho It‘.ilti h.i. planned it t.ii;',o
at hodnlo with llltil‘.t‘ matches
some l.tlltt'l iorititdaldi- oppononts.
'l‘liow llttllttlt‘ tho U. S. Altlttaty
Ariofoni. .'\'otth Adams and Lou
.'\t .ttlt'ili‘i.

 

l DiNAPfill & DiNAPOlI '—

GUILD Rx OPTICIANS
2l5 Lark St. (At State St.)

Contact lenses -— Sunglasses
l500 Different Frames
To Choose From

foams. 'I'heir r'ntnulattyost-oroafter
three games was 330]; the winnoi
was the Ulll\t'l\.|tl of linf'falo with
a st'til'o of 37115.

In men’s Iabio tennis dotiiilos,
llto finalists woio 'l‘oin St-lorum
’tl3 and At! lii‘lllit-llt' ’30. They were
defeated by Shalaby. an littyptian,
and Admin. it Pakistani, attending
(fornoll.

'i‘ho loam otgttnt/od by Hill
Illelilrtily' ’tlo. iott horo oain l‘l‘ltld".
morning. spout l'i'iday lilt’ltl lll linf—
into. and ioimnod to Stino about
~l:t)o .i.ni. Hnnday morning.

Anions: tho othot’ nnitoisilit-s and
colleges put in ipatinp in tho ltIitl na-
motif weit- ('oi ilatni. West l’Iiliit,
l’at'o. llll‘ l'niyoi Hi". of ltot'hostot,
Now York l'ni.oi~.tly. .\lflt‘tl l'ni—
yoi sity, \l'atoi loo(t anada), and soy e
oi .il tdltt'l Now \‘otk State tolloicos.

.'\ll..llll li.ttl 'i't'it :t tilt'lllltt'l til llit’
National lion’s 'l'atdo 'I'otmis 'l'oiint
in l'akisinn ltt‘lilit‘ llt‘ taino to lltt'
Sldltt'm l'lio at iito‘. lid tho 4'] tit l.ll

ijlllllt“. \y'oioiildfl ill l‘t .indllrlt,
tliioo ‘ill.ll.‘lil homo-y
NI'W RULOFtl
John Muiooom, 'ti'i lotion-lilo]
Shift- in lttll.l‘l tillmids. pinto;
Ililtl ltlll oi filllt' ‘ithooln .\tiioti.

Iltt.‘ xi hools tll'lt‘.llt"l '-‘.t‘l t-i\\l (l'h‘v
~l'.t). illl‘l lIillit‘ll (it’ll Hit)Y ho yy.i‘i
‘lt'lt'lllt‘ll tr. :llfiod (lilo Ito) and tin-
l'niyorsity ot ltuiliilo tittlbitil. lohli
«that shot tytt-Iity r ~.o.t'n tori-tilt tilt .l'
ly.ill~.. .i tiit_titi.iiiit3ttl lgileLI.

 

 

 

 

 

Fresh Stop

The Albany State freshman bas-
ketball teaiti had a busy week. They
moot three teainsin f'iyedaysdosing
two and wmmng one. On Wednesday
they Won their first game as New
l’alt/ was the \it'lllll. The game
was ekt'lllllgl) i'liiiiaxed by a final
spurt by New l’;tlt/, but it fell short
as tho l’eds held oti to wm tit‘i—til.

Albany had four men in double
figures. Jitti Coiit'taiitino. Mike
lilooin. Jim (.Thristian and Ken Dar-
lilt'l' rotnbtned lot 11 total of ~13

points in an o'yon si-oiing effort,

l.htl'l|l£‘l' was high with twelye.

'l'he \n-ioi'y tn.itkod the fifth in
a tow lot the rookies. it was to
|>o shoit liyoii. liti\\'o'.oi'.

ABC to Strong

()1: Friday lllt‘lll the loading area
ioain piayod host to the l"rosh and
showotl why they Lite on the top.
l'ho t'tililosi saw tho State tiieti play
what tlio‘. t'tilihltlt‘l't‘tlllIt‘ll'lleSl game
of the year til .i losing rauso.

Alit' took the load lit the opening
minutes .tll'l tradod baskets lot the
test of the game. Trying to battlo
fioin ii-hind tho l-‘tosh t'ttllltl not
make up the tloflt'il and lost till-7d.
t'onstantuio had his high night of
tlio Haiti .1}. ho t'htlt'kotl til 21f points.
'i‘hioo otliei men scored double
fiynrt-s. They were: Jim Lung (10),
lilootii (17). and Dartnor (13).

The gamo loft tho .-\ll(' ()wls

With a l»I—l mark and the l’ods
with an ti—lt) l'tH'tll‘tl.
Orange Co. Com.
The following night tiio squad

Wrestlers
Two New

[ﬁnding their two gamo losing
sll'oak. tho l’ods dof'oatod tho gtttp—
ot litistoii t'iillopo Ill-ll) llI Itostott
last Satmday, 'l'ho stpmd wiostlod
well and was .ihlo to win the fiist
iiyo matches until .lonii itohh was
pinned by his opponent.

New Paltz

_]ttllI'ltt’}'t‘tl to the homo iii the Orange
Men. The welt-omo was rather cool
as the Coninmnity College men
smashed the l“roshbya72—:'il score.
Ken banner was the top man for
Albany with 12.

 

Mike Bloom heads a foul shot
in the right direction.

L'ohloskill and Mohawk Valley in o
tho two final games of tho season.
The team Will trayol to L'ohiosk'ill
to meet the Aggios on theti home
t'tllll't. 'i‘ho filidl contest of the your
pits tlio l'iosh against the Mohawk
Valley lioopstoi‘s in tho Armory.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 28, 1964

BUFFALO ROUTS TIRED SAUERSMEN:
STATE DEFEATS NEW PAlTZ HAWKS

  
  

PAGE 11

Playing against an extremely determined University of Buffalo squad, the varsity
basketball lost 91—52, Saturday, February 23, at Buffalo. The Feds were victims
of a potent offensive performance; Buffalo had five men scoring in double figures
..iid twelve men overall in the scoring column. The great margin of victory for

Buffalo was due to its dominance of the boards, g

bounds.

Coach Richard Sauers felt that the team’s perfor
because the players were ver

etting 45 rebounds to our 31 re-

mance was not up to par partly
y tired. The night before they had a game at Brock—

port State and the strain of the contests plus the travelling hampered the team’s

efforts against Buffalo. (in
top of that, Buffalo was
“up” for this game.

This determinationstemmed from
tho Ith‘t‘\Sill of it \'lt‘lt)l'\ ill order
Itil' Buffalo to stay in contention for
a bid to tlto Nth-tit \llldll college
fll\‘i.\ltill t-hatnpionslnps.

Lose to Brockport
Against lnot-kpoi't the l’edsfong'ht
but-k from a Bet-l2 tlt‘llt'it. iii the

first (lllulit‘l', with twehe qmek
points to tie the st'tii‘o. lint lll‘tit'ly-
poii tame ivat'k strongh lit the

second half to t'llilt'll the \it-tory',
(37-07..

Albany's lone \'lt'ttii\ last week
came at New l’iilt/. l‘t‘lvl'll'dll lit,
by .i Ht‘til‘o of Til—tLO. State was
behind flit—II? at the half htit it pio—
dui-oil a solid foam effort it] tlto
second half to notch the win.

iiariy in the third quarter lioh
'/.eh fouled out, thoi'oby hurting the
team’s chant-es to win. int-l. (‘ros-
soft. Jim (l’llonman and llllll [oh
pat-ed tho I’ed attack with 12, 1:7,
and it) points l'f“y]it‘t'tl\t‘l\. lii'ot-k-
pott was pared by full \Vo lston and
[ion 'I‘homas. both with 1’? points.

t‘i'ossoto (l’ininoyan. /.oh and his
brother llob Volt pin-oil the scoring
attat k. t'rouseit and (l’lklltmult
woro tho big iiion iti tho st'oting
dopat‘tmont with ‘_’l and in points
t'ospot'tiyoly, \y'hilo hotli '/.ehs had
1‘.’ points apiot-o.

Beat Boston College
omers Post Victories

Newt'oiners to tho team. llowio
Merriam and Loo ('otnoau, won
ihoii man-hos Alertinm inadoshori
woik of his opponent and pinned
him illl\\'tll|illlllti|\. ('omoattdefeated
his oppoiiont ti\ \y'itmitti', ll ilot'lsititt.
llii-k‘ ltoholloiio was pinned aftot
seyen minutes.

 

Albany wrestler tries to gain an advantage over his opponent.

HO 5-1471

 

JUST IN CASE YOU DIDN’T KNOW IT . . . .

ART KAPNER

Writes all types of insurance
lIFE - AUTO —- FIRE
Hospitalization
75 State Street

HO 2—5581

 

__J

 

.lohn licttott. tieno Monaco and
l.ait\ 'l'hoinas oarh won dot isions
oyor tin-ii opponontn. With ihoii
\lt'lttl ios Mount-o and 'I'honiaw liayo

lt‘t'tllllS til 7-] itlitl 0—3 It‘wpt-t‘llutlk.

itoth stpmds woio oyonl. matt'liod
till! the litii'l't‘HhHotlt's‘. of lltt' l’oil
w'iostloi s pioyod to be the doriding
tat-tor ill the in Itil\.

'l'ho l’ods now hate .1 lwl ti't‘ttlll
wtth thioo mutt-hos ioiimioiin' .t—
itiliitst ltlotldiotl thto, Moltlt'ldit
llliil lint-.111.

Frotih Lose to RPI

l‘ho Iiosh .'|.t[illlt'l‘- ronttnuod
tholl loslin ‘-lyl‘l|l lty Ihoil tlt'lt‘dl
it. ltl’i's tiosn no.3, the “hitch
was bold in l’.t;‘t‘ tiym on h'ntntday,
l'i‘lvlll.ll\ :33.

the stpmd was hanipoiod Iy Iho
l.it’l\ Irl llll‘ll oli lllt‘ \lllldtl. \\'lioti
the. wont into tho matih they only
had fiyo men which ino.int th.n itioi o
\\t‘ll‘ [lilot' [til lt'it‘y. ylllilln lllt‘t \lt‘lo
llllot'll [nilltl‘y tltt\\|t lll'lttll' tho. ;'|il
|lli llll‘ itiiil.

l‘llt' tiltl\ lltlHll [ltlllll‘i l\i'|t‘ \\|Ill
by 'l‘om ly'ootinc whon ho pinned lil‘.
opponent. lil’l \\'.t'- .ll'lt' to pin ihi oo
l't'il51ttfht' \llltill

 

HELP WANTED

Some Evenings Each Week
and also throughout Summer
Vacations. Must have Driver

Education 121 credit.
Apply

ABC Auto Driving School

43§~0853

 

 

I85 N. Allen St. J

 

This might be the first time a game has been "put on ice"

literally.

(It was the result of a collision.)

Dick Brossett: State’s Top Athlete

Dit'k ('rossott has heroine, in
three years. synonymous Willi has—
kottiail on the Albany State campus.
hi tho words of his t'iiiit'li. lll‘,
Hit-hard Sauei s, “Dirk has the most
potential of any hail player that l
hayo eyoi t‘ti‘ilt‘llt‘tl.”

Just what happens to apt-i ‘ytillllllll
hits lt‘t't'l'yt’tl :is llillt'll pt‘lliso le
lurk this? If .ou aio Ilit'k ('tosst-tt
you woik haidoi and hni'dei to llil—
pio\o yotusolt. llirk is .ilso t‘ltll—
sidoiod a l‘t'itl team than. llo has
okon llt‘f‘ll I'l'lllt'l/.t'|l hit not t.il\llii’,
t‘litllli'dt slitltﬁ.

 

Dick Crossett

A grad of llioti High School, the
tilitd/dlii', l\1r. Crossctt hi'oko mer)‘
extstmg freshman scoring, and re-
bounding l't‘t‘tii’tl and any other roc-
IIl'l that was on tlto books. ill his
iiist \oai hero. He, also led the
to.tiit to a ll‘t'ttltl breaking season.

Notional Lcodor

I‘ho Sophoiiiot’t-\oai' of llit'k Cros—
sott was no less sensational thanthe
inst. Ilo was third lit the nation in
mind” t-ollogo sliootnn' petrontages
.iiid :iyei tlt‘t‘tl totirteonpointsd game.

lie did all this while pla\mg with
.i had ktioo hat was homily tripod
.md allowed hint to play only a few
minutes of oath game.

This yoiti llit'k has iioi had as
much trouble With his knee and as
A result he has llliltt‘tl his point
otitptti to soyontoon Lt pame. ills
rebounding has i',i\Ull the team a
hip boost. Ultt't' ‘itt‘Lillt his shooting
Itt'lt't'fllil;'_t‘ was well oyoi fifty per-
t'l‘lll.

When lurk was .isked what he
ihonphi oi the year ho said, “What
can you say about it half and h.iiI
Ht‘dhtlll.“ If Int-k Wits to :iyoiai'e
lliill\ points a game and tilt ninety
[H’It‘t'ltl fiom the field he would he
ltitt',l\ with himself l-t't‘itllst‘ ho
missed It tool shot,

 

  
 
 

20% OFF ON
ALL CASH SALES

(REPAIRS
ENDED)

    

CHARGE
CARD

tipen Your lamtiert's Charge Account

No interest or carrying charge
CHARGE ACCOUNT tomnricrtnom

239 Control Ave.
AUTHORIZED Buwva JEWELERJ

open evenings till 9pm. Saturday till 6pm.

 

SiGIOATUI‘

IMNCIS J. LAMIEIT

Jeweler - E-port lop-Illa.
Watch" - Jewelry

Albany, N. V.

 

 

 

 

 

