 
 
 
   
   
  

 
  

 
 
   
   
  
   
  
 
   
   
     
    

 

 

ll

 ,..._.. ._,.-..:\;%.,-,,y We... 

 

 

 

 ta «am—n... .

 

 

 

 

    
     

Gaylord No It
~ ... End the-Draft
Military draft has become an issue
of major interest recently for the
mere fact that a bill 'has been in-
troduced into the Senate to end the

. draft by 1967.

The bill has, been introduced by
Senator Gaylord Nelson of Wisconsin
and McGovern ofSouth Dakota. They
believe that the draft has become
outmoded and misused enough to
make a mockery of the word “uni-'
versal" service.

in essence, the bill would require
that the Secretary of Defense would
submit an alternative to the present
draft bill in one year’s time. It
would be a bill based on voluntary
recruitment, leading to hearings and

the eligible
age group do not serve. Secondly,

it creates personal hardships, in re- ‘

iation to the uncertainty ofiha'ln'anfs
future. . -

In addition to this,—,'it_ is‘mi tarin

 

‘ inefficient, the draft'lar'gelydiliwia'g ‘

, an undesirable element fox-"leader-
ship positions. Fourth, the draft
wastes both money and manpower,
'a‘n‘d'fifth, Senatdr-‘Wo‘lsomfeelr the
~draft to be‘ilo‘longer necessary.

By eliminating the draft, a tre-
mendous sayings (will ensue, brought
abbotubymreduced training costs.
This s‘avingyill adequately meet the
“more attractive salaries for volun-
teers.

President Johnson recently an-
nounced plans for a comprehensive
study of the draft system, including
the possibility of conscription on a
voluntary basis.‘

Senator Nelson points out that
originally the draft was organized
on an equal basis, one in which all
would share military obligation in
accordance with a fair System."

Draft Law Renewed
The present draft law is renewed
every four' years. The subject was
considered in the Senate this year
and automatically extended four
more years. Senator Nelson feels

 
 
 
  
   
 
 
  
   
 
  
 
 

 
 
  
   
   

 

BRAVE NEW CAMPERS set up equipment at the Outing Club

headquarters on Turtlollsland.

Outing Club Invades Lake George
With Six Hundred Brave Campers

“It was a hard, rough weekend,”
said Ruth Whiting, President of Out-

 

   
 
 
 
 

“By Foreign Sillllllnls ‘

Forum of Politics will
sponsor a Reception for
Foreign Students on Wed-
nesday, October 14. at 8
p.m. in Brubacher Lower
Lounge. "
, The purpose of the reception is
a general welcome to these students
. from abroad to the State University
of New York at Albany. In addition
to a social event, the reception will
also offer discussions on culture
and politics.

A few of the foreign students have
been asked to speak on current po-
litical crises and conditions intheir
countries.

Marla Emily Georgiopoulos, a
girl from Greece and sponsored by
the profits of the 1964 Campus
Chest Drive, will discuss her coun-
iry's stand on Cyprus in the pres-
ent situation. '

Cecilia Reyes Guidole will dis-
cuss current political forces in her
native Philippines.

Several of the foreign students
have come to State to complete
their graduate work. Miss Guidol
is studying drama here, while Miss
Georgiopuulos ls studyingeducation.

Members of the faculty and all
students are cordially invited to

 

arrived all through the evening. A
heavy rain made preparations dif-

 

   

 

 

 
   

 

 

 

 

 

     

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

that the issue is too important to a ., tn flcuit but the weather cleared by attend the reception and meet and .
evnluaimns 0“ a Vommary system large segment of our population to mg em” but it“ was gran ' I the ne'xg day, welcome the Foreign Students to
of maintaining the Armed Forces. , Miss Whiting headed the group 0

‘3“0‘” 1‘ to “9 fallow “Other ‘0‘" no outing Clubbers who spent last Saturday was spent in more can- our campus.

years." He insists that a man’s Frlda i b those who wanted to fight .

ythl‘ough Sunday atihemVlia' 09 “g 3' Forum of Politics has made a
Draft Unlust draft status has much to do with his “anal Fa“ Lake George weekend. the your foot waves_ others went tentative schedule concerning
His first argument rests on the plans for his future and soisadom- The event was held on Turtle 15mm to shore and spent the day climb- speakers from both Inside and ou,_
fact that the draft is unjust, for the inant issue and one worth revision. In Lake George_ It was Sponsnmd mg 131an or Tongue Mountains. Side tms university. At various
‘ by the Rensselaer Outing Club from D points throughout the year, also,
an     RJ’J- 5°"9 Md an“ d debates will be held on issues to
~ More than 600 Students from 40 At night many campers crosse provide a fuller background info
colleges participatedintheweekend. t0 Mohlcan 1513an r01‘ 3 Square me subject for the political,“
. I M Campers came from as far away dance. A song fest drew others. minded student
6 m P y  as the University or Chicago and Aside from the major traffic jam Forum 01 Pom!“ 1s a non_
McGill University in Montreal, which occurred as 600 people tried I 1
to at off the island Sunday was an puns“ 9° meal "gamut °" ope"
Danforth Graduate Fellowships The award period is for one year, g u I d ’ to all students. Meetings are held
program will award approximately and is normally renewableforatotal Canoolnc Popular uneven L“ age t 1 marks the on Mondays at 3,30 p_m_ 1n Draper
120 Fellowships in March, 1965. of four academic years of graduate Canoemg DI‘OVed to be the "WOT The  (“get “6 ,1 Club Hall, 146.
The Danforth Foundation, one of the study. A maximum annual living aCilVlty Of the three-day Owing. “r5! malo' event or ” gtgn t
nations 10 largesteducationalFoun- stipend of $1800 is awarded for Aside from one small Powerboat. "‘15 Year} s‘mi‘ﬁfr ﬁgups 003mg?“ - .
dations, was founded in 1927 by the single Fellowsand $2200 for mar- canoes were the only means of togethler old )“8 l estgm t  
late William H. Danforth,aSt. Louis ried Fellows, plus tuition and fees. transportation to and from the 15~ chm” "Ev a" 0 ‘er 51’” ‘t-i C, b r d class not” how
businessman and philanthropist. Candidates for the fellowships are land. The lake was extremely rough During the WW“ 0" .“E “ telthEP‘" it? .memes 'r: om
' required to take Graduate Record an weekend, so even the inexper- groups travel to area skl slopes grep s.newalems.ﬂ . P -
The F°“"da“°“'5 primary 31"“5 Examinations tests in the Verbal lenced were quickly initiated to the almost every weeke"_d- ‘ a,
to strengtllen higher education and Qummnve categories. The handling of Canoes. The nelfl event Wlll be a Hallo—
n‘rouzh programs 0‘ fellowships and tests must be taken by an candy- Most of Friday nigllt was taken ween cavms party in one of the
worksmps’ and “mug” grams t° dates by Saturday November 21, with setting up camp. as groups caves 1" the area-
colleges, universities and other ed- 1964 '
ucational agencies. '
The Fellowship program was 95- Other Requirements  «5’ airman! W‘s/0'
tabllshed in 1951 with the aim of Other criteria in consideringcan— 9
giving personal encouragement and didates are academic achievement,  I 
financial support to selected college personal characteristics and evi-
seniors and recent graduates who dence of concerns beyond self-in-
seek to become college teachers. terest. Liaison Officers of each Of.» I859 t t b n u b rd Pennants
college have the sole right to nom- . ‘ 9 "° e“ 0 u e “ °a ’ . .
Eligibility mate between two and five persons. FASHlONS FOR CAMPUS “FE to wall. shelf paper drawer hnlnss-
Men and women who have serious Nominations close November 1 and
interest in college teaching as a the nominees must complete appii- DOWNTOWN and ll" N." MODERN .
career and who plan to study for a cations not later than November 23. V NT L A B A
Pll.D. in a field common to the un- I Danforth Fellowship holders may STUY ESA P AZ R NC“ P'
dergraduate college are eligible. lave other fellowshipssuchasFord ' -| IStu uegam aza
Applicants may be single or mar- Fulbright, or National Science con-’ 47 N‘ Peg—'1 st'shop by Phone 434  y S
rled less than thirty years of age, currently. interested students
and nlay not have any graduate or should contact Dean Jack M. Deer-   
professional study beyond the bac— lnger college Liaison Officer or . . . . _ w 1
calﬂurem, M“! éonkun 1,, mm, 105. ' Home of Distinctive Jewelry and Gifts t  8
EMMANUEL BAPTIST CHURCH rm: tutu CLEANERS omega BUIOVa walla“ international Stellan my mm, mm mom“...
I
275 State Street cr:A:ea:::‘AEV;::O T large Anortrntnl of Hand Earrings school projects, Posters, stage sets.
‘0 °""- Chm" 5d‘°°' 1'" 0mm, ' Diamond: Sci While-U-Walt ‘ ”" ' 
u "-m- w°"MP I. c.“ .- M‘v“ Watch and Jewelry Repairir
Dr. Ralph H. ElliotI Minister Ii! I-tlltls llrudquarlm for College Jewelry
, Student Charge Account Available
then Your [mind 3 Charge Accunl Stuyvesant new w 9-0549
No interest or carrying charge G a] .
er d Drug Co.
counlesv CARD raw-anus. Ala-1.)”.  C t ‘
n... g... en I'd
talc-«ml Ave. it he... ne’sms w H I p Y
Alien, New Yeti 0"“ M
alau m ’ a ,
m" M" ,llw. lain Hi. um.-  s 
This Card Entities You To , _
2096(0" On ﬁlled.)qu for a terrific Melted Cheese
W" CM < - linIurin iooolllnlul
"no Watch and Jewelry lopoirlno . SSlOClIOlI Ol romeo, um uuc magma;
Don- M "ml-0- c t tmucr, mvomuuss mmm.ra%.gminﬂlgsA
aveaeae r. on..-
-e... m..- m... on all, mm on mm mm humiliﬂbmfmmm
swur nexus "c O
.
I
open evenings till 9pm. Saturday till 6pm.  '
' mmmtmm- l

 

 

 

 

     

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

     
   
   
   
   

 

l. g ,r

 

Signun Laudis, the honorary scho-
lastic fraternity, inducted forty-one
students at the Spring Banquet held
last May 20. Signum Laudis con-
prlses the top ten per cent of each
year’s Senior Class.

Four per cent of each year's Jun-
ior Class is elected to membership
in the spring; in the following two
semesters an additional four per
cent and two per cent are elected.

The ten members of last year’s
Senior class who were inducted in
the spring are as follows: Gloria
Alfred, Sandra Balassone, Norton
Banks, Colleen Breitfeld, Erman
Cocci, Donald Fraser, Jealule Hr-
dina, Gregory Illinberg, John Per-
rino, and Roger Ritzman.

The thirty-one members of last
year’s Junior class who were in-
ducted include: Kathryn Applegate,
Sharon Bannister, Kathleen Brophy,
Barbara Cardell, Ronaidﬂay, Mar-
ilyn Hayner, Margaret Herzog, Paul

Jensen, Joseph Kestner, and John
Klilllek.

Also, Barbara Leuthner, Mar,-
garet Malteson, George Matthews.
Toni Master, Juliane Mollos, Rob-
ert Nottke, Alice Nudeiman, Pa-
tricia Paddock, Carolyn Pentlen,
and Donald Rutschmann.

Also, Barbara Sayer, Earl Schrei-

her, Phyllis Silbersteln, James
Slenker, Joanne Sobik, Dogothy
Tomes, Miriam Ward, Maryann

Faculty iluegtions

."The Absurd College," a panel
discussion, will be held in Page
Hall today at 1:25 pm.

It will be held to discuss any
possible discrepancy between the
idea of a university that is incor-
porated in this school and those of
Jacques Barzun and John Cardinal
Newman that are presented in their
books, “Teacher in America," and
"Idea of a University," respective-

y.
Typical points to be covered are,
"Are Barzun's and Newman’s ideas

_ 
Inducted Info Academic

Meindl, Robert Wilcox, Martha Wil-
liams, and Susan Vagina.

Following the induction of the
new members, the election of a
secretary for this year was held;
George Matthews was elected. It
was announced that Mrs. Horowitz
would assume, the position of Fac-
ulty Secretary.

Freshmen Urged
To Invite Parents
For Weekend

Parent’s Day co-Chairmen David
Schenck and Janet Shuba have an-
nounced that preparations are well
under way for the event next week.

Freshmen are asked to remind their '

parents of the day, and to urge them
to come.

Special tickets will be available
to freshmen by Tuesday of next
week. Parents will be able to get
a View of many aspects of college
life by, eating in the residence halls,
meeting with faculty members, and
watching a special performance of
acts from the All-University Re-
ception.

The Reception will be given for
the general student body on Friday
night, October 16. '

College Purpose

too Utopian? Should ours be more so?

Everyone ‘s invited to listen to
and participate in this panel discus-
sion.

Members of the panel include
Margaret Flanagan, Norma Early,
Susan Metz, and Edward Wolner.

Also, Mr. Staley of the English
Department and Dr. Berger of the
Education Department.

The presentation will be a joint
effort by the Englisll and Education
departments.

 

:SiilliO

“iw

Either the axe lement's there,

——rarordcd llrl at Wesleyan University.

on

 

YOU 61AM!” MIKE TI

lllGrH‘WAYMENMIOMECOMIc‘lIG.’

  

or it's not. And it was decidedly there when THE
HIGHWAVMEN ( lmo home to their alma mater. The audience was with ll—and they
sparked il peril menus that fairly sizzled with excitemenl. Whether they're swinging
their way “"01 en an old favorite like Careless love or playing around with a willy
new lyric Iikelolsum Nest, The Highwaymen llil a new high at their HOMECOMING

THE BIIGHWAYMEN: HOMEGOMING

AVAIlAElE Ill STEREO, DR MONAUML, Al RECORD STORES EVERYWHERE

'l‘Iil

Nil
if'l lH'l‘H

 

of come

mfk

 
 

the very high academic
standing of the class mend;
bers.

He mentioned that the Class of

'68 has surpassed all former Fresh-
men classes at State in the number
of honors and scholarships received.
Sixty-seven of this class were either
saiutatorien or valedictorian oftheir
graduating high school class.

Nearly half of the Freshman Class
has been awarded some scholarship,
either local or state, full or partial.
Four hundred are recipients of the
Regents Scholarship, while two hun-
dred and nine have received some
other award.

This information is impressive,
but what is even more so, is that
three-fourths of the class were in
the top fifth of their senior class.
With this knowledge, the ability of
the Freshman Class seems out-
standing and noteworthy.

Tile trend in the past years in the
“—

N
State sororities will hold open
house rush pai'ties for all rushees
between October 12 and 28. Every-
one is welcomed and no oral invi-
tations are necessary.
Psi Gamma
President Barb Kettle of Psi Gam-
ma announces that at the replace-
ment elections held at the meeting
last Monday, Sue Gunyan was elected
social chairman, and Kathy Farns-
worth was elected Sports Captain.

Sigma PM Sigma

The sisters of Sigma Plli Sigma
announce the appointment of Coal
Cuticchia and Marcia Darvin as
co-chal'rman of tile float for Home-
coming, and the election of Ceal
Cuticchia as Rush Captain.

Tile sisters of Sigma Phi Sigma
extend a welcome back to Anita
Lotz after her stay as an exchange
student in puerto Rico, and Jeanne
Bollt after her tour of Europe this
summer.

 

Dr. L. Walter Schultze.
Director of Admissions.
announced that the Fresh-
man Class. besides being
the largest class enrolled
in the history of the Uni-
versity, is also unique in

S. SS

227 students registered.

The Mathematics Department has
the' second largest number of Fresh-

men majors. 200 freshmen are pros-
entlyglisted as majors in this field.

LanguageMajors number close to
Mathematics with 184 majors. The

large number of language majors
can be attributed greatly to the em-
phasis placed on learning a foreign
'language and also to the very recent
interest in the Peace Corps.

Science majors number 159,whlie ,

English, which usually has a very
large tunout, has only 146 entering
majors. The department with the
least majors is business with a
mere 102 students out of the fresh-
man class.

Teaching Program

Tile teaching program still re-
mains the most prevalent among
freshman with 700 students. Al-
though the general program has
been in effect for only three years,
400 students have registered under
this. For each major field, more
students in the freshman class are
registered under the teaching pro-
gram except in the science depart-
ment. .

Tile University received approxi-
mately 5000 applications this past
year. Of these, only lilOOapplicants,
including freshmen, transfer and
special - students, registered this
year.

The University has picked up con-
siderable attendance from out-of—,
state students. Most out-of-state
students are from New Jersey but
some have come as far as Arizona

selecting of major and minor fields
is ‘evident in the Freshman'Clses
although the most fields are within
a certain range. Social Science still
remains the mo’stpopular major with

 
  

 
   
   

  
 
 
 
  
 
  

 
   

 

   
 

 

   
 
 
  

 
   
   
  
   
   
   
  
   
  

  
   
   

Dr. Walter Schultze
...Director of Admissions

and Florida.
Reasons for Growth
Dr. Scllultze has pointed out sev-
eral reasons contributing to the
growing popularity of Albany as
stated by the Freshmen on their
applications. The major reason put
forth by students for attending this
institute was the good reputation of
the University. ' '
The second reason students chose

Albany was the atmosphere of the -

college. Students liked the location
of the school in the state and they
were also enthusiastic about the new
campus. Another reason, closely
related to the reputation, was that
Albany was recommended by alum-
nae, guidance counselors, parents
and admissions personnel.

- Curricular offerings and finan-
cial possibilities did not register
as high in the opinion of the fresh-
man.

i - NOTICES l

Kappa Pill Kappa
Chi chapter of Kappa Phi Kappa,
national Professional Education
Fraternity, is now seeking a list of
candidates eligible for membership
this semester.
Tile qualifications for member-

'ship are as follows: the completion
of 45 semester hours at SUNY at
Albany, the completion of 8 semes-
ter hours of education courses with
an A or 6 semester hours with at
least a B accumulative average,and
the maintaining of at least a 2.5
accumulative average overall for
the 45 semester hours.

Any person meeting the above
qualifications should notify Bill
Mayer, vice president of Chi chap-
ter. by student mail no later than
October 20. Full details, including
grades earned in education courses,
should be included in the letter.

Kappa Delta Epsilon ,

All women students having a 3.0
accumulative index, with a3.0 aver-
age in sic hours of education are
eligible for Kappa Delta Epsilon Eri-
ucatin-l Honorary. If you are inter-
ested please contact Miss Farrell
in room 122 Milne no later than
Monday. October 19.

 

 
   

 

 

 

wrlcours Atuull'l

SNACK BAR

 

The Student Union

Open: MOtl.- Tllurr. 9a.nl.-l0.45p.tn.
Flt-Sin. 9a.tn.-l1.30¢.nl.
Sun. 4p.m.-I0l45p.m.

HOMECDMIIIS '64

 

ACCOUNTING

AMERICAN HISTORY
ART HISTORY
BOTANY
CHEMISTRY

CHILD PSYCHOLOGY
ECONOMICS
GEOLOGY
MEDIEVAL HISTORY
MUSIC HISTORY
MUSIC HISTORY
SOCIOLOGY
SOCIOLOGY

WORLD HISTORY
ZOOLOGY

STA r1;

. 3 . l.
Draper 'H‘Oﬂ

 

AMERICAN GOVERNMENT

135‘ Western Ave.

MONARCH

Review Notes in

Keyed to
Keyed to
Keyed to
Keyed to
Keyed to
Keyed to
Keyed to
Keyed to
Keyed to
Keyed to
Keyed to
Keyed to
Keyed to
Keyed to
Keyed to
Keyed to

At 32.95 earl. V,

Your courm. never before so clehrly
 and biryply’explallled for quick and e

gunman BOOKSTORE

Albany, N. Y.

Noble
099 and Ray
Hoistadtor
Jonson
Wilson
Slonlfo
Jers i Id
Samuelson
Emu-on:
Strayer
Slonlt
Grout
Blustedt
Young
Ferguson
Elliott

lfectioe study

Ext. 129

 

 

 

 

   
  
 
   
  
   
   
 
 
   
  
  

    
   
   
     
   
  
 
         
    
 
  
  

   
             
            
    
 
    
                 
     
     
           
                
        
     
            
       
       
      
 
    
         
    
  
 
  
  
      
     
     
      

