 

 

 

 

 

 

 

v0;

 

 

 

 .I'I’hletcase'of Wolf let‘z‘gerbrings toour
minds some; statements made at the stu-'
_ dent governmehtoonferénCe. The state-

‘_ ments concern the purpose of Our Uni-

versity, the definitionof these purposes.
and the lack of meaningwithinthe defini-
tion. '

‘ The catalog of the University under
the heading “General Information” and

~ e-the sub-heading “History and Purposes

of the College” provides a section called
“Fundamental Purposes and Ideals.”

We find that the purposes are re-
search, service, and an approximation
of intellectual competency. These terms
are vague'enough to include or exclude
anything.

At the same time that members of
the administration were putting forth
these three - terms they were saying
‘that the purpose of student government
should be to pursue goals “consistent
with” the goals and purposes of the
University.

The constitution of the Student Asso-
‘ciation now reads “Not inconsistent.”
This gives a much different meaning and
a meaning for which we are extremely
grateful. ..

The problem in Rochester, Michigan
at Oakland University is that the chan-
cellor could take any action by saying
that a student’s action was not consistent
with his iterpretation of the university’s
goals.

While we do not have much fear of any
similar situation arising on this campus,
at least as long as President Collins is
around, we do feel that it is necessary
for the students to maintain the wording
of the constitution as it now exists.

There can be many things which would
be in the interest of the student body
without being in the interest of either
the administration or the University.

If it were necessary to have every-
thing printed in the interest of the Uni—

‘vo'

 

versiity, weco d neverallude to fac-

ulty-student immorality as it now exists
or to the giving of money to athletes.

Certainly neither of these incidents
are in the interest of the University,
but the purpose of a newspaper is not
to be a public relations sheet. As Metz-

‘ger was quoted as saying, “I took the

position that we are not acting as a
public relations medium for the uni-
'versity and should be free to publish
news, even if it is not always in the,
university’s interest.”

Wefeel that we are currently in a
situation where we can print anything
except something which would directly
interfere with the goals of the Univer-
sity. We hope there will be no changes
in wording which would endanger this
freedom.

Scheduling Faulty

It seemed incredible that the fra-
ternities would schedule their weekends
at the same time as the last major
production of the State University The-
atre. This scheduling annoyed us to
the point that we looked into the matter
and found that the frats have a cleaner
bill of health than it appeared at first.

The scheduling is controlled in theory
by the University Center Association.
But even here there is a further culprit.

It seems that the UCA, then with a
different and less meaningful name, did
not appoint its calendar committee early
enough and did not include people from
the previous year’s committee.

The result of all this is that Mr.
McKinnon set the dates for the weekends.

Your action makes us wonder, Mr.
McKinnon. Either you do not inform
yourself of anything outside your do-
main or you do not care much for the-
atre.

As for the students on the UCA Board
of Managers, maybe it is about time you
began doing your job.

 

 

‘ COMMUNICATIONS -——-

 

 

‘Behauior at Dance
Disgusts Chaperones

To the Editor:

My husband and I have Just come
home from an incredible experience
which had been billed to us as a
“dance,” put on by a State sorority
at a local club belonging to a com-
munity organization.

We could not help but uonder how
often this sort of orgy takes place
in connection with the university,
and consequently, how many faculty
couples have been exposed to it
without winclng aloud.

My high school sons tells me
that this sort of in situ Jounclng
goes by the name of the “Big B,”
the "B" standing for bitch. My
tenth grader added, whenldescribed
the proceedings we had Just wit-
nessed, “Now you know why I don't
bother to go to many school dances.”

Perhaps this sort of mass hysteria
could be justified as at least more
harmless than “mooning” or panty-
raids, but even there, one cannot
help but wonder, having sat through
several hours of Jumping, scream-
ing, and butt-wiggling, to the pound-
ing, blaring beat of the band which
had been invited to act as a catalyst
for this acting out of combined re-
bellion, violence and sex these col-
lege students apparently accepted
as a normal way of “having fun."

When one adds to this experience
the information that the owners of
the club were incensed by the fact
that some students had pushed a
car out of the driveway and down
the street some distance, one gets
a clearer picture of the emotions
being acted out.

How does one draw a line between
harmless spring rituals whose pur-
pose is to allow students to let off
steam and more sinister manifesta-
tions of sickness in the student
body? I guess this would be hard to
do.

There was no overt violence, no
mass fornication on the spot, nothing
legally actionable. Iguess what made

this performance more disturbing
than anything else was the totallack
of imagination and creativeness in-
volved.

To say that it was animalistic
Would be an insult to the animal
kingdom. When we saw “Lord of
the Flies,” I thought it was over-
drawn. After tonight, I am not so
sure.

The mood of the students at this
“dance” was such, it seemed to
me, that the fact that no real vio—
lence occurred was more a matter
of a lack of a trigger than anything
else.

If there had been such a trigger-
ing event, we, the so-called chaper-
ones would have been utterlypowei‘-
less to stop it. In the face of such
hysteria on a grand scale, one can
only watch helplessly and hope it
will be over soon.

The best analogy which comes to
mind is the descriptions one reads
of the phenomenon of frenzied danc-
ing by whole villages which occurred
during the Black Plague in the Middle
Ages, sometimes called the “Dance
of Death.“

There was no joy init,no evidence
that anyone was really havlngagood
time. It was compulsive sortofmad-
ness which had within it the seeds
of a kind of sickness I, at least,
had never seen before on such a
large scale.

We could not help but wonder how
often suoh events occur among the
students, and why no one seems to
have noticed.

When one puts this sort of thing
in the context of the general atmos-
phere of conformity and lack nicre-
ativeness which seems to prevail
among our student body, there is
cause here for some concern, unless
I am being unusually alarmist.

It makes one conclude reluctantly
that, left to their own devices, this
is the best such students are capa-
ble of coming up with. It is a sad
and frightening conclusion to draw
for the general health of our col—
lege and of the students who attend
it.

It bespeaks to me incredible ini-
maturity on the part of the average
student, and gives the a sense of
real pessimism as to the prospects
for the university’s possibilities for
turning out graduates who are really
fitted, emotionally and intellectual-
ly, for facing the complexities of
living in the world outside.

From the purely practical point
of view, I can understand much bet-
ter now the reason for the statement
made to us by the girl who asked us
to chaperone the dance that she had
called thirty-five faculty couples be-
fore she found one Willing to baby-
sit.

No one likes to be subjected to
the kind of torture by auditory and
Visual assault we endured, let alone

to have to face the realization of
complete powerlessness to have any
kind of control over a situation which
one deeply deplores.

We had to face the disgust and
anger of the members of the club
who were present, among other
things, and certainly did not feel
we could in any way support the
behavior oi our univerSity's stu-
dents.

All in all, it was an evening of
appallingly anti—social acting out
I would not care to repeat. Sooner
or later, I suspect the students will
run out of cliaperones completely
unless some sort of modifications
of this sort of occurrence are in—
troduced.

Mu. William H. Lou.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Everyone dumps on them but I'm not even though they may de.
serve it.

civil Rightists Mix-Guided

Sunday night we were treated to the sight of a group

of our peers holding a s~—called civil rights rally in

the Student Union. The incidents surrounding this miio—
stone in the history of the University only servo to
further remind us of the totally misguided and ob—
noxious character that the civil rights movement 11:15
assumed on this campus.

Three students were fired from the Union when tht‘y
refused to serve customers during the rally. We think
this action was entirely justified. The Union is ti pint-r
of business; it does not practice segregation. it is no
place to hold a rally.

The students who have gained control of the Civil
rights movement on this campus strike us as nothing
more than a bunch of do-gooders, who go around
“waving the bloody flag” in an attempt to get cvmv
one to jump on the good old American banch’ngmi.

We compliment the bulk of students for having
enough common sense to stay away from this band of

singularly irritating and completely misguided pooplw.

Civil rights is an important issue in America lotlnv
It is not a problem which will be resolved with pnnn~
ceas, sings in unsegregated Student Unions, or hull—
cocked actions.

It will be resolved only through a mature, snuw
working out of the issues. We wish our more VCllt‘lllt‘il!
civil rightests would gain a. little maturity. :\s lw‘
sanity, we reserve comment.

 

Albany Student Press

ESTABLISHED MAY 1016
BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

The Albany Student Pro" is a newspaper obliahod by the Student body of the

tote University of new York of Albany. he ASP may in 'OOChOd by d‘alb‘9
489-64“. The paper can also In roachodb dialing Brobochor Hall at W 2-3326.
The ASP office, located in Room 5 of rubochor Hall, is opln from 7:00 '0
“:00 p.m. Sundoy through Thursday.

WILLIAM H. COLGAN - EDITH S. HARDY
Co-Editou-in-Chiof

KAREN E. KEEPER
Managing Editor

EARL G. SCHREIBER
Arts Editor

RONALD W. HAMILTON
Sports EdllfM

JACQUELlNE R. ADAMS

Associate Editor

LINDA A. McCLOUD
Auocioto Editor

DEBORAH I. FRIEDMAN

Associate ELfIlUI

HAROLD L. LtNtit
Auocioto Sports Editor

CYNTHIA A. GOODMAN
Allocioto Footurn Editor

DAVID W. JENKS
Elocutivo Editor

JOSEPH W. GAl it

Senior Edlltu

JUDITH 0. ME TCALF

ulino as Manager

JUDITH M. CONOER
Anonth Technical Supervisor

JOHN M. HUNIilt
Advertising Muriugul

DOUGLAS 0. UPHAM
Photography Editor

JOANNE C. 508m CA Jan A. ORblNl
Consultont Advertising Editor cinuhuo" =« “hang. Edna

SUSAN J. THOMSON
Public Relations Editor
Aulltont Editors .................................................... "Joltpf’ Silvormon, Nancy Bil-1h
gull Editors ........ ..  Eliot. zon.,'Kaygn Collison, Mary Lou Vloneao
.pQHOII ...................................... ..Ell00n Manning, Bgth 89 d, Rosamot Monsoon
5on1 gyproul, erllom Suu'l'
Columnists....................Pou| Jonson, louph Gomez, Pot Felono, Kathy Bropbr.
Alex Dolfinl, Sm. Cum, J, no". L", to" L..." NanCy Anderson.
Mary Lewis, Carolyn 5(llmoll
Photographers.................................Donnt. Church, Richard Loku, Joseph Mal-0y
All communications mu" be addressed to the Editor and must be lion-d- NW“
"ill l). withheld on new". The ASP ouumol no looponolblllty for 09""""'
"9'"",d I" "~‘ "WW" 0' communications, or such "pr-"ions do 'W'
necessarily reflect its views.

.. ’As p + 

o Intercollegiate News
0 News matures
- Humor

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Albany's Statesmen stand beneath the symbol of the I964 World's

Fair, the Unisphere.

[Ibo/r) fly Riley

 

 

y WayolF the Wire

 

The following letter is taken,
not front a college newspaper as
is our custom, but from the “Al-
bany Titties Union.” However, be—
cause this letter, written by Robert
litre of Union College, dealt Willi
a topic of importance to every
college student, we felt it should
be printed.

A Critical Situation

I am asophomore at UninnCollego
and I have bet-tune truly alarmed
at the distinct luck of nutt'uls t-x-
hihited by the future adults of this
nation. I do not single out Union;
the immorality is Widespread. The
problem, therefore, lies not \Viththe
(schools) but With the men and
women who attend tham.

I have read that, by 1970, 80%
of all male college students Will
have engaged in sexual intercourse
by the time they graduate. For
the girls, the percentage ranges
up to 70%. I don’t doubt the pre—
diction.

But pro-marital sex relationships
rare wrong — not only in every
moral sense, but also socially,emo-
tionaily, and economically.

If young people have deserted
their religious beliefs, which ism
itself a problem of maJor propor-
tions, they should at least be able
to see the unpi'actictility of the
situation.

Many young men and Women have
suffered untold hardship and strain
by having “an affair“ which ter—
minated in various degrees oi'liard-
ship and despair. I need not spell
it out.

Many necessary marriages re—
sult, which means the boy must

either drop out of school or assume-

the added responsibility of being
a student and husband.

The secretive, guilty relation-
ships about which I am speaking
have tarnished what is basically
one of nature’s miracles. The ma
“"8. intelligent teen-ager should
be able to exert enough self-control
to prevent the unfortunate situation

Wlllf'll results from pro—marital re—
lations.

While sex is the most serious
and dramatized problem faced by
\outh, it is not the only one. I
am \lf'h’t’lletl by the sight of more

young people who are smoking.

No Excuse For Smokers

....l)t?hl)lle the recent report which
condemned smoking beyond a doubt,
. .toen—ntzei's ('fllllllllltd..5(“el(lllg Inu—
tut'iiy in a cigarette. There can
he no Justification, no (mt-use for
[MS llllll\ lilil'li.

Young pooplt- must resist the
temptation If) l'illlllll'lll to submitting
Wlllt‘ll they know in their own minds
l.'~. wrong. Whether the fault lies
in insufficient parental guidance,
laxity on the part ol the churches
and schools, or Just plain stupidity
I don’t know.

There are other temptations to
youth suchas drinking,drivmg reck-
lessly, and using gutter language
or worse, but I shall not dwell on
them...I)ecide for yourself, with the
help of your parents and other
people you trust, Just what you be—
lieve and what your moral standards
are.

'l‘hen, no matter where you are
or With whom you are. don't ever
compromise those principles.

Parents Should Worry

If I have shocked some parents
— goodi ’l‘beir fears are well-
iounded. They should worry about
their son anti daughter in college...
For if young people don't have the
strength and faith of their convic-
tions, they have nothing.

.....i£verytlnng I have written, I
know to be true: I have not ex-
aggerated. I hope no one will make
the mistake of minimizing or ig-
noring these problems. I feel in
my own heart that the situation is
more than pertinent; it is critical.

Silent Signal

Observes the “Michigan State
News” Michigan State University:

Bill Moffitt director ofthe Spartan
Brass Band, has a way of calling
for the “Charge Cheer“ when the
band can't hear him because of
the crowd. He digs into his wallet
and holds up a credit card.

FRIDAY. MAY 15. 1.964 I

PAGE 5

Statesman Sing At Wotld’s Fair;
Judged 'Oulstanding’ By Crowd

by Cynthia Goodman

Saturday, May 9, 1964, was Worlds’ Fair Day for
the Statesman. Accompanied by Mr. Peterson, the
male choir left for New York City and the fairgrounds
at 8:00 a.m. Upon their arrival, the men and Mr.
Peterson invaded the International Showplace with
six hours of sightseeing and two performances ahead
of them.

The group appeared at the New York State Pavilion
as part of the State’s observance of University Day.
Also appearing that day were the Sarah Lawrence
Singers and the Kingsmen of Columbia University,
New York City. Because the pavilion was open,people
could go in and out whenever they pleased. Mr. Peter-
son estimates the audience at each performance to be
“a couple of thousand.”

At both performances, the singers were very well
received. They were surprised to see the number of
State students and Statesmen parents that showed up
to see the performance. Mr. Peterson was particu-
larly delighted to note the numbers of alumni that
drifted in to the pavilion and were able to catch the
show.

The Statesmen’s trip was financed by the Student
Association, although the men paid for their own din-
ners and amusements at the fair.

As an example of the way in which the performance
was received, Mr. Peterson noted that the men were
applauded long after they had stopped singing. One of
the Vspectators commented that the group “certainly
was outstanding among the others."

Once the 5:00 p.m. concert was over, the men were
free to roam about the grounds on their own until
8:30 p.m’., the time of the second performance. This

'"I‘H “Ii

T .h": ‘u
i.

concert was much more effective, according to the
men, because of the lighting.

Saturday was a particularly lucky day for the States-
men because President and Mrs. Johnson paid their
visit to the 1964 World’s Fair. Most of the men were
among the thousands of tourists who crowded in to
see the couple as they toured the Venezuelan Pavilion.
Mr. Peterson recounts, that because of the crowds
waiting to see the Presidential pair, all transporta-
tion on the grounds was brought to a halt. To put it
mildly, the men who got to see the Texan were
thrilled and excited.

When asked about his reaction to the fair, Mr.
Peterson summed it up in two words: “big” and
“crowded.” A veteran of a number of World Ex-
hibitions, including the ones held at Brussels and the
New York World’s Fair of 1939, Mr. Peterson con-
sidered the planning to be “magnificent.” He was,
however, disappointed at the commercialism that
seemed much more prominent than at the other Fairs.

He got to see most of the National pavilions, but
none of the Industrial exhibits. Some of the exhibits
that particularly stood out in his mind were the
Spanish 8: Indonesian pavilions.

Generally, the trip was considered “very success-
ful" by the tired, but well-travelled Statesman. Mr.
Peterson was particularly delighted with the men’s
performances. '

“It’s always a pleasure to work with such a fine,
clean—cut group,” he delcared. “People are always
asking me where the boys are from, and commenting
on their appearance and outstanding talent. The Uni-
versity can be proud of the way they conduct them-
selves when in public. I am confident that this group
of young men is indicative of the quality of student
we produce at the State University.”

thy;

Statesman reach (1 crescendo as the

Fair.

I

y perform for crowds in the New York State Pavillion ot the World's

Photo by Riley

 

"~— COMMUNICATIONS

 

 

Students Object to Rock

Wallaby's Style of Humor
To the Editor:

Iieyond a doubt the "ASP" serves
many purposes reflecting student
opinions only one of them. How—
ever, if poles (sic) could be taken
it would be found that a sizable
element, perhaps a majority of stu-
dents do not find the type of "tin-
mor" reflected by Mr. Tim AtWell
in his current cartoon series either
particularly .cute or mature.

Nor is the thinking college stu-
dent anxious to have the State Uni—
versity of New York at Albany pre-
sented in such a manner to the
interested public,

Sally St. John '65

To the Editor:

Concerning your request for opin-.
ions on the cartoon “Rock Wallaby
limit,” I am sorry to say that in all
earnestness I must agree with
Siena’s criticism. I, too, “did not
think it very funny" referring to

the cartoon in “ASP’s” March 20,
1964 issue.

I especially disliked that cartoon
over which some controversy has
arisen; and upon reflection, Ilion-
estly feel that the series in general
is not regularly of such outstanding
quality or intelligence to warrant
its publication.

I do not feel that God is an insti-
tution that needs a "little gentle
piercing." I may be in error, but
I think that many others, if they
“stand back” and take a good look
at this series, will share my opin-
Ion.

Thomas James f’otronls '67

'Senate Close-llp’ Seen

As Valuable Ctiticism

To the Editor:

With the words of the late Gen—
eral Douglas MacArthur, “I shall
return," Gary Luczak ’65 last
Thursday suspended his weekly ser—
ies on WSUA, “Senate Close Up.”

The program on the StudentAsso-

elation Senate, contrary to the opin-
ions voiced by several senators, was
not just a “good comedy show.”

The comedy that was on the pro-
gram was the comedy of some of
the senators anti served to point out
their foibles. If someone is afraid
to listen to his errors and can't
take criticism, it is most unfor-
tunate. No senator is infalliabie.

Mr. Luczak had a definite pur-
pose in in commentaries - to make
people aware of the actions of Sen.
ate and point out the strengths and
weaknesses of the senators. in the
hope that listeners would think and
act to change conditions where im-
provement was needed.

An example of this was parllav
nientary precedure.

Now, due to a “low audience
rating," the program is gone. I
hope that others in this school will
realize that there is a voice in our
midst that wants to help, through
criticism, and await the anticipated
return of “Senate Close Up” in

September.
Debby Friedman
Senator, Clan of '67

..-;...i.,c..iniemsssusqumwzgW c... t

 

