 

or

 

 

 

 

_ _ , 3' .1,
a the pretty picture

onthdle' I '

actuuiy‘ read

  om cover to cover. Ile'd been reading

and a half years.

, reading the forty-third rehash of
liilosophy, Harmon was converted.

Caused by Ignorance." I

eighteen? year old’boy

‘jni velous revelations. Har-
, ha‘ g an effect on hlsieliow-
anotnn sign, “Hey, how's your

_ ‘sj(that was
an body?’_').

It decided io-carry his message to the rest
university. 'He went on university radio and
sang song he had written to the tune‘oi "On Top
, or Old-Smokey.” He called it "Now, Don't You Feel

Guilty,"_and it went like this:
i , In my cool apartment
lpianned a real blast.
But I near lost the action
By courtin’ too fast.

Now courtln’s a pleasure
Unlike all the rest.
And when she got high, I

Whispered, "Let's get undressed."

"And hop into bed and

Make love," and right then
She said, "Go to hell, man,
and the hell with all men.”

1 said, "Don't feel guilty.
It’s perfectly norm

To be hot for my body
Or warm for my form."

"Don’t let them frustrate you.

They’re hypocrites all.

Don’t let them frustrate you.

They’re all off the wall.”

"You can see that makes sense,

can't ya, baby?” I said.

She saw that made sense, and

We hopped into bed.

The Amman Forum

. '10}... «v _ _
It's perfectly Dom
Tobe hot for a body
‘ or'werrn for a form.

Now, it seemed to Harmon that, since he already
had a reputation as, a' playboy, he might as well go
on the make.- And so he did. He took out aioan at
Financial Aids and bought a wardrobe and four cases
of English leather and made a down payment on a
Candy Apple '65 Mustang 2 plus 2.

All Harmon had to do now was to learn to talk real
cool. So he practiced a few real cool lines‘like:

“If I told you that you had a beautiful body, would
you hold it against ms?”

't feel guilty;

"1 can see that somebody is going to have to show
you what's wrong and what’s right. Well, I can't show
you what’s right, but...'.'

and the highly original

“H’- I Mustant 2 plus 2. Kind of suggestive,
isn’t it?

Cool and classy? You betcha. And you simply can't
"Maine how many pretty young things became, p."
of Harmon's life. But was Harmon happy? Not at all. v
on. he kidded himself and bragged alot to his friends,
but in the evenin' when the sun goes down 'he hung his.
head and, mourniul, cried, "Fie on Hugh Hefner and
dratl"

Poor Harmon Allison. He was everybody's guy, but
nobody's man. Word had gotten around that Harmon
really was a playboy, .and now when he tried to get
dates all the girls would say, “I won’t go out with
you, Harmon Allison, you're insincere.”

lnsincerel That was the most unkindest cut oi all.
Harmon was not insincere. Misguided yes, but not
insincere. What was he going to do? The loneliness
was more than he could bear. He thought about trans-
ferring and establishing a good name elsewhere, but
the university wouldn't transfer any of his credits.
Harmon decided to start all over.

Harmon traded his Mustang, three and a half cases
of English leather, and thirty-two back issues of
“Playboy” for a used Porsche, eight Billie Holllday
records, and one copy of “Family of Man.” He also
adopted a new motto:

“ ’Tis better to interact than to consume."

Harmon Allison is still lonely, but the knowledge
that'his new way oi life will prove more rewarding
sustains him.

Goldwater Fails to Clarify Position

by J. Roger Lee

If Barry Goldwater wins this elec-
tion, it will not be the consequence
oi any ideological confrontation with
his opponent. Never before in the
history of American politics has a
man entered a campaign with so
much to say and said so little.

The Republican Party has fallen
heir to the role oi the dc facto de-
fender of liberty. Year after year
the unmentioned issue in election
campaigns has been the choice oi
individual liberty or the further
repeal of our freedom.

Unfortunately, the Republicans
have been deficient in their roles.
Nixon in 1960 tried to win on the
basis of his pro-election personal
popularity. Eisenhower won his two
elecdons on the beaches oi Nor-
mandy. The Republicans did not
capitalize on the fact that they
sought elective office in order to
conserve the people’s liberty.

Detault

Consequently, the statists have
marched us down Doctor Hayek's
“road to serfdom" without facing
effective opposition. The Democrats
have won election alter election anti
the “literal” Republicans have won
convention after convention on the
basis of their consistent advocacy
oi paternal government.

The de factor defenders of lib-
erty, not offering their wares to
the people have been ignored as a
consequence of their own default.

If there is a man who is both
prominent in politics and a con-
sistent defender of liberty, it is
Barry Goldwater. We who are con-
cerned with freedom have rallied
behind him for that reason. Surely
the man who said, "And if I should
later be attacked for neglecting my

palgn.

constituents' ‘interests,’ I shall re-
ply that l was informed their main
interest is liberty," would carry
the cause oi liberty to the elector-
ate.
The Senator met his supporters'
fondest dreams early in the cam-
In his acceptance speech,
he made incisive comments, one of
which was, "And now, my fellow
Americans, the tide has been run-
ning against freedom. Our people
have followed false prophets. We
must and we shall return to proven
ways, not because they are old,
but because they are true."

Deterioration

In the course of the campaign,
however, he has not kept up an
ideological assault on those who ask
us to accept security through seri-
dom. Rather, he has taken to assault—
ing the leader of the opposition.
Lyndon Johnson may well be one
oi Washington's less honest poli-
ticians, but this has little to do with
the cause of liberty.

it is clear whatSenator Goldwater
is doing. and in a sense, he is right
to do it. Politics is not an ideolog-
ical
Stephenson and "moral" crusaders
like William Jennings Bryan do not
fare well in our political process.

medium.

Politics
Stephen Shadegg, a close friend
and advtsor of Goldwater, in his
book, "How to Win an Election,"
drives home the fact that elections
are not decided by the ideologically
committed voter.

lluthcr, it

voter, the man who votes for John
Kennedy in 1060 because he looked
better on television than did Nixon,
who turns the vote in one direction
or the other.

This analysis is based on the
premise that the intelligent and
ideologically committed voter will
not be swayed by the arguments oi
a politician.

1 Perhaps this is true. Perhaps
the campaign speechs of Barry Gold-
water could not counter the passive
acceptance of the philosophy oi sta-
tlsm which is held by many of the
citizens oi this country.

But even in the light of the above,
this writer thinks that the Gold-
water campaign should be directed
more along the line of the defense
of individual liberty. I say this for
the simple reasonthat not everybody
knows Barry Goldwater to be the
defender of liberty that he is. This
writer knows of many cases where
people will vote against him although
their philosophy of government
closely conforms to his.

Granted that the ideological voter
will vote his ideology. But if this is
to happen in this election, Senator
Goldwater must identify himselfwith
the philosophy of liberty if he is to
attract the liberty conscious vote.

Senator Goldwater may lose many
votes that are rightfully his if he
does not educate the people of the
country as to what he is and what he
stands for.

l NOTICES l

Gamma Kappa Phi
The sisters of Gamma Kappa Phi
announce their first informal party
on October 17 at the Knights of
Columbus llall frotn ti - 12 p.tn.
Oedipus and Tile ll‘our Mothers will
provide the entertainment for the
sisters and their dates.
Art Council
Phyllis l-orriulino has been elec-
tcd treasurer for Art Council. Site
ropluccs Lance Anderson.

intellectuals like

the uncommitted

   me

by Cynthia Goodman

In ever election in this country,
the natioan issues'have decided the
outcome. Although the candidate
may sputter dire warnings of for-
eign dangers, the taxpayer will ul-

timately be swayed by the realities

of his immediate environment.
Some Doubt!

says Goldwater: “As for . . .
public accomodations and private
employment, Ihave grave doubts . .
The Constitution grants neither a
Federal responsibility nor Federal
authority in these areas.”

It is because of these doubts
that he voted against the ’64 Act
after supporting the civil rights
acts of ’57 and {60.

In statements that won him the
reluctant support of the Democratic
South, Goldwater cells for strict
maintenance of the separation of
powers granted by the constitution.

Today the clouds of interracial
tension are so thick that they’re
choking both parties. Despite any
agreement to avoid further provoca-
tions, the central issue is civil
rights.

The platforms of both parties
pledge support of the '64 Civil
Rights Act. ' However, Goldwater
draws a sharp line between those
rights guaranteed by amendment
and those introduced by legislation.

‘ l .

However, where Goldwater rushes
in, Johnson fears to tread. Asihe
“Peppy” of the ’64 Bill, he is not
regarded in 'high esteem in the
South and. may well lose there.

In the field of States' Rights,
Johnson’s plank states that no
“government at any level can prop-
erly complain of violation of its
powers if it fails to meet its re-
sponsibilities."

Who Will Be the Judge?

Who will decide' when such “re-
sponsibilities” are not being met,
however? To whom does the local
government have its primary obli-
g’ation’! Presumably, local officials
are elected on the basis of their
fulfillment of responsibility to the
constituents not the national govern-
ment.

A second issue in this year's cam-
paign is that of' extremism and vio-
lence. The Democratic plank con-
demns the " advocacy of hatred which
creates . . . violence whether from
the right or left”. Johnson speci-
fically promises to “expose” the
John Birch Society and Ku Klux
Klan.

The Republicans have no specific
plank on extremism but violently

opposed the efforts of those at the.

convention who tried to institute
a formal condemnation of the Birch-
ists or the Klan..

Gama-3W

 

“And whoever exalts himself shall be humbled, and whoever humbles

himself shall be exalted.”
FROM RUSSIA WITH LOVE

Matt. 23:12

Yes, we’ve been bad, bad Common-Statersl Oh, we’ve been bad, bad

Common-Sisters! We, fast and‘ pray for forgiveness and in our spare

time, flagellate ourselves with
foreheads, we bow down before

horsehair whips. With ashes upon our

our cohorts, Art Ferrari and Gary

Spielman, and ask that their plethora of righteousness may serve as

an example.

SPLENDOR IN THE GRASS

Honestly, students, if you must frolic on Vet’s Field, at least take the

precaution to brush the dried
the Student Union.

grass off your clothing before you enter
Remember, DISCRETION is the word for the week!

P. S. White chalk marks from the quad are also incriminating.

THE CARETAKERS

Will wonders never cease? Not only does it seem that the Albany Stu-
dent Press is an expert on clothing but also on formal dances — com-
monly called high school suit and tie affairs (around the office that is).
Really, editors, if you haven’t anything better to say, why waste the

space? But, to show that we are not

twisting the knife, let us give a

cheer to the newspaper we hold so dear:
Rah, Rah, Ree
Kick ’em in the kneel
Rah, Rah, Rass
Kick ’em in the ASP!

A HARD DAY-’8 NIGHT

A standing ovation for a job well done to Lynn Kurth, Bill Sinnhold, and
the Homecoming Committee. The entire weekend was well-planned and
thoroughly executed! It was perhaps one of the most successful failures

State has ever witnessed.

THE SOUND OF TRUMPETS

To Lana, Nancy, Daralene, Dottie, and Mary Marg, aheartful thanks!

Each of you in worthy of wearing a crown.

To Pat, congratulations!

You’ve given more than we could ever return.

SEDUCE AND ABANDON

Rumor has it that the morals of certain people on campus are having
unexpected manifestations. Watermelon man, where you gonna run to?

EIGHT AND A HALF

It has been said that the exhibitionist of Albany State is on the prowl
again, and that the university has alerted all dry cleaners within a
hundred mile radius to be on the look out for a tan colored raincoat
which comes in for frequent cleaning. May we advise all those persons
standing on street corners to "Watch out."

'27? OF THE WEEK

Will this column get through the censors?
Morosely yours,
Bill Laundry and Al Stnith

 

 

"Ill till-LS CLEAN!!!
I” Ieetete Mae-e
cum all career
Imam
lo can ‘ Hives

I-lllt

 

 

' Gerald Drug Co.

All". It. I.
Dee-e e-Itte

Ill W-deut Me

 

 

S TU YVESAN T JE W ELERS

‘Home of Distinctive Jewelry and Gifts
Omega 'Bulova Wallace lntemational Sterling

tam Ammnent of Plotted Eattlngt

Watch and Jeerlty lepaitt'r

Stuyvesant Plum

Diamonds Set While-u-Wait

Headquarter! for College Jamlty
Student Charge Account Available
IV 9-0549

 

HITN EYS
“so I859
, 'FASIIIOIIS Hill CAMPUS LIFE'

neuron and n. it... uooeah
sruvvswr run semen

 

 

47’N. Pearl St. Shop by Phone 434-I23I Stuyvesant Plaza

 

 

by M. Gilbert Williams

Fifty graphic designs selected
from the collections of the Metro-
politan Museum of Art and repre-
senting the art of Albrecht lerer
are now on display in Draper Gal-
lery until November 8.

This is the first loan exhibition
brought to this campus under the
auspices of th'e', Art Council.

Albrecht Du'rer, born in 1471 in
Nuremberg, Germany, started his
career as an apprentice to his gold-
smith father. But it was not in this
field that Dllrer was to find fatne.

Having the versatility of many
another Renaissance artists, he es—
tablished himself in painting and
printing. This second medlutn is
eminently shown in the current of-
fering.

Early Education

DtTrer received his first educa-
tion in graphics in the studios of the
print makers of Nuremberg, the
city culturally active and histori-
cally important in the development
of German humanism.

From here, Dlh‘er traveled to
other German cities and studied
and worked in Basie and Strpss-
burg. Later, around 1495, Du'rer
left his northern homeland to travel
and study in Italy, the traditional
home of the Renaissance which had
commenced more than a hundred
years earlier.

This first trip to Italy, where he
was inﬂuenced by such diverse ar-
tists as Gentile Bellini and An—
tonio Poliaiuolo, was followed by a
second trip to Italy in 1505, partly
to avoid a Nuremberg plague.

When rer made his famous
journey to Flanders in 1520, he was

limitations

 

held to be in his own time a master
of the woodcut. Yet 'rer never
let his art stagnate and continually
developed his talents. in Flanders,
he worked in oils, watercolor, and
woodcut designs, including his fancl-.~

ful “Coat of Arms of Roggendorf.”

Flemish Influence

On his Flemish trip Dllrer was
able to see the works of Roger van
der Weyden, Hugo van der Goes,
and Jan van Eyck. Through such
observations Du'rer developed his
style and continued to experiment
willhhis own techniques.

Durer, it must be remembered,
drew his woodcut designs directly
on woodblocks, leaving the carv-
ing for another craftsman to com-
plete. However, the engravings
are entirely Dllrer's works, draw-
ing the designs directly on copper
plates.

Though 0 much of the minor de-
tails in D rer’s work remind us of
medieval conventions, such as the
stiff draping of materials, he is
essentially a Renaissance artist.

Durer’s people, his Christs and
Virgins. are not stylized precon-
ceptions or stereotypes inherited
from the past. They are realiza-
tions, faces and beings drawn from
anatomical observation.

At times, his characters often
have ill-proportioned limbs and tor-
sos, for example, "The Sypltllltic,"
a woodcut of a man scarred withthe
disease of love and covered witli dis-
gusting boils.

Characteristic Honesty
Yet this characteristic ofhonesty,
of depicting men and women as real
beings and not as idealized crea-
tures, is the grace of Renaissance
art. To cite an example in the cur-

I Imze My Wife, But
Oh You Do”

 

by Robert Judd

Last week this column devoted
itself to fantasy literature. But.
fantasy is not prejudiced. It per-
meates every walk of life; every
race, nation, and person experi-
ences some form of fantasy.

And every age of man has a cor-
responding age of fantasy, from the
fantasy aspirations of the young
lover to the religious fantasies of old
age. But perhaps the sickest form
of fantasy is that which lslmpressed
upon one age group by another.

Children, as a whole, are imagin-
ative beings who spend at least 50%
of their time in some other reality.
"Child-controlled fantasy” exists
when a child is encouraged to use
his imagination to convert reality
into fantasy.

Sickness of Fantasy

"Adult controlled fantasy,”on the
other hand, takes place when an adult
creates a fantasy reality for the
child. This is the sickness of fan-
tasy, for adults as a rule, can never
leave well-enough alone.

Baseball was once played in the
next-door lot by a pack of raga-
tnuffius having fun. Today there
are Little League fields, complete
with coaches (adult), umpires
(adult), and managers (adult).

But it is in the area of toys where
adults have really stepped in.

Once upon a time a stick was
a gun, a sword, a fishing pole, or
most anything you wanted.

A Plastic Paradise

Today you have plastic guns, plas-
tic swords, plastic fishing poles,
and plastic most anything you want,
all realistically manufactured down
to the smallest detail.

Probably the largest selling toy
on the market today is a doll called

Renaissance

October 26
October 29
November 2 The
November 6

November 9

Noyembet l3

"Barbie." Now, dolls were once
old socks with button eyes, and
later, a rubber image of a baby, but
not Barbie. Barbie is a teen-age
fashion doll with a teen-age boy-
friend, Ken.

They have a car to drive around
in, and two teen-age friend dolls,
.Midge and Alan. Recently Barbie’s
little sister, Skipper, was manu-
factured and became a best seller.

Barbie comes in a choice of
hair colors: Red, Brunette, and Ash
Blonde; and a choice of hair styles:
Ponytail or Bubble Cut. Wigs are
optional.

She tapes in at aperfect 30-22-36.
Not bad...for a doll.

House Not a Home

The clothing for Barbie amounts
to $200. and rather than a doll’s
“house”, she has a lavish 4 1/2
room penthouse apartment.

Where the child once acted as
a “mother” to the doll (I thought
that was the purpose), today‘s child
acts as psycho-analyst, confidante
and personal friend of the doll.
Rather than fostering a maternal
instinct. today's doll develops peer-
group hostilities.

Parental Return

As a rule, children do not buy the
Barbie dolls; they are bought by the
parents. This is probably an attempt
by adults to return to a sort of
chlldliood, for as a very great man
once said, "Ye must become as
little children..." I’m not quite
certain if he had the Barbie doll
in mind.

1! adults wonder why children
are growing up so fast nowadays,
children are wondering why adults
are growing down so fast.

If there were no Santa Claus,
it would be necessary for an adult
to invent hlm.

Symposium

Cross Currents of the itallon Renaissance

A recital and lecture on the music of the Renaissance
Intellectual Development of the Renaissance
Shakespeare: Elizabethan and Jacobean

Science In the Renaissance

Michelangelo and the North

rent exhibit, I choose "The Prodi-
gal,” a rendition. of the classical
Biblical story. Here we see the
poor penitent on his knees, praying
amid a grisly herd of hogs, who
appear ready to tear the young man
apart. it is a pathetic portrait, set
in a German farmyard, and we can-
not fail to give the Prodigal our
sympathy.

What is wonderful about the
present showing is tliedncluslon of _
a good number of Dltrcr’s tnost
famous designs, e.g., “St. Jerome
in his Study,” "The Great Fortune,”
showing an obese allegorical figure:
“The Virgin and Child with :1
Monkey;" and “The Virgin Crowned
by Two Angels.”

Unfortunately, l‘The Knight and
Death,” probably his most single
famous engraving is not in the ex-
hibition. Yet this presentation is a
good sample of work by one of the
most outstanding and distinctively
original artists of the entire Ren-
aissance period.

G. Milton Williams is presi-
dent 0/ Arts Council. HlS‘Col-

umn will a ear b’ k! ‘
ARTS. Pi) twee y in

October l 6

October 19—24

October 23

October 23 8- 24

October 24

 

 

 

Cri_t_i cal Commentary

FRANCIS FORTIER, violinist, appears in Page teddy.

Through November lS— Nineteenth Annual Albany Artists Group Exhi-

bition, and Paintings and colleges by John D.
Mcziorz. Albany institute of History and Art.
125 Washington Avenue. Tuesday thru Sat
l0 cum-4:45 p.m., Sunday 2-6 p.m.

ﬁroncis Fortiet, violinist, presented by SUNYA
Department of Music. lt25 p.m., Page Hell, no
t: urge. '-

Moira Walsh, Film Critic for America, author of
Making Mature Movie-Viewers." "An Approach
in Films in a Pluralistt'c Society: A Catholic
Viewpoint." Greyfrior Lecture Series, B p.m.,
Dowson Library, Sieno College, no charge.

Albany Symphony Orchestra. Opening Concert of
34th Season. Guest Artist: Oscar Ravine, Vio-
linist. 8:15 p.m., Philip Livingston Jr. High
School, Si (students).

Dark at the Top of the Stairs, by William Inge,
produced by Schenectady Civic Players. 8:30
p.m., l2 5. Church, Schenectady. Tickets: $2.20
and $l.80. Phone reservations: DI 6-9951.

Emlyn Williams as Charles Dickens. 8:30 pan.
Page Hall. Tickets: student tax, available now
in 5U Theatre Box Office, R279.

Harry Bela/onto, 8:30 p.m., RPI Fieldhouse.
Tickets: $4.50 to $2.00, available at Van Curler
Music Shop, Albany.

Rosliomon, produced by Slingorlonds Community
Theatre. (Details not available at this time)

Lady Precious Stream, by S. l. Hsiung. Produced
by Ithaca College Drama Department, 8:30 p.m.,
Page Hall. Tickets: student tax, available now
in 5U Theatre Box Office, R279.

'The Cause ls Mankind’

by Toni Master

The arrival of the Quadrennium inAmericanpolitics
is as evident on the shelves of quiet bookstores as
through the traditionally insistent shout of the popu-
lar media. The browser discovers a unique species
of publication, there called the “campaign book".
it comes in a variety of fortns, often being nothing
more than a series of reprinted speeches, arranged
with appropriate comments from an admiring journa-
list. In its Platonic form, this ghost-written inani-
festo of good intentions comes equipped with a blue
cover, red fly leafs, and a photograph of the candi-
date on the cover looking contemplatively responsible.

Hubert ll. Humphrey's 1964 entry fits the require-
ments admirably and might well be the fittest of this
year's breed. Who knows — one every four years is
enough.

Extended Political Pamphlet

The limitations of the Humphrey book are therefore
inherent in its forth and intent. It is a broad book,
designed to educate a mass audience about the pro-
grams that the vice-presidential candidate supports
and why. Platitudinous and lacking footnotes, bibli-
ography, and index, it would easily exasperate the
more exacting critic of the American scene. But it
is, after all, meant as nothing more than an extended
political pamphlet, made respectable by hard covers.

Humphrey subtitles his book, "A Liberal Program
for Modern America" and begins with some in-
telligent background on the tradition ofllberal democ-
racy, which he says is "the progressive system of
the future; the Communists are the reactionaries."
It sometimes his defense of the programs he would
sponsor seems shallow in the face of what we know
to be trenchant and wide-spread criticism, the
strength of his arguments derives front a con-
sistently humanitarian and forward-looking ideology.

Misleading Legislation

Humphrey, for example, throws his support behind
the administration's poverty program, but his defense
strikes a few sour notes, As we know, the Poverty
Act was not at all the broad, structured program its
label suggests, but a hodge-podge of legislation pre-
viously proposed and later enlarged. Misleading
as a whole, nevertheless, some of its constituent

projects deserve publicity that the Senator relin-
quishes to a cliche ridden discussion of the fact
that "one-fifth of our citizens live below minimum
standards of decency.”

As lrving Kristo! pointed out in “The New Leader"
as long as we maintain an arbitrary “poverty line”
along the "Lower Fifth" of the nationally-averaged
family incomes, then a considerable number of
Americans will always fall “below tninlmum standards
of decency". Senatof Humphrey has background
enough for a truly penetrating discussion ofthe poverty
question. Cheap vote—getting publicity makes me
wonder how much of the book was written by his staff
and suggested by the President.

Much of the book is dedicated to a review of
Humphrey’s Senate record of which he is rightfully
proud. As a long-time supporter of the Arms Control
and Disarmament Agency, he helped to insure rati-
fication of the important Test Ban Treaty. He argues
-well for greater federal aid to higher education and
points out some of the lncongruitles involved in the
practice of doling out huge research grants indefense
to a handful of universities.

Congressional Institute

Humphrey's inﬂuence on the presentadministration
has already begun to be felt. In his book the Senator
stresses the need for a scholarly Congressional In-
stitute which would help theleglslature to research and
evaluate its programs. Concurrently, the White House
has just set up a series of workshops and has an-
nounced the award of federal fellowships which would
allow young scholars to work directly with allbranches
of government.

.In the pursuit of a more perfect foreign policy,
Humphrey is practical and convincing. He is never
thorough enough, but that is the weakness ofa book
which tries to be all things to all people.

Limited Place and Value

This is a book which has a limited place and value
indeed, but I think I have discovered these exactly.
i am sending it to a young Brazilian law student I met
during the summer. lie is a democrat but, like many
young Latin Americans, doubts the capacity of the
United States for strong moral leadership in the
world of the future. In a simplified forth, this is
exactly what Hubert Humphrey is offering in hisbook.

 

