 

V...» v..«. ,.

 

 

T e American Ferum

  

 

  

ism noonsnont

' ‘ ¥<H14k¥<kik¥<k<k<k

Hours: Monday-Friday 9:00 a. m'. to 4:30 p. m.

' Saturday

9:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m.

iii itinnnnns will he moved from the commons
- lack tn the BiliiliSiilliE beginning Saturday-September 26

TEX TBOOKS may be returned
starting Monday-September 28

if: You have: your cash register receipt

your drop or add card

 

we

by J. Roger Leo

This has not been an uneventful
summer. We have witnessed the
commencement of a new political
campaign in a season, well-stocked
with significant events.

Leading off, in politics, the Re-
publicans did what it was evident
they would do.
(That is, it was
evident to all but
the "sensation
seeking column-
ists”and those who
unwisely take
them seriously.)
They nominated
Barry Goldwater.

The failure of the GOP majority
to acduiesce to the wishes of the
once-powerful minority of dissi-
dents in their ranks lead both the
Democratic Governor of California,
Pat Brown and the First Secretary
of the Communist Party oftbe USSR,
N. S. Krushchev to claim to have
witnessed a resurgence of fascism.

Later in the summer, Governor
Brown’s party dealt with its dissi-
dent minority by drummingthem out
of its convention. Mr. Krushciiev,
who has had experience in coping
with dissention (l.e., the liquida-
tion of Berta) did not accuse the
Democratic Party of fascism.

 

Lawieuness Encouraged

In fact there was very little com-
ment when the Democrats decided
to sell their convention program
at ten dollars a copy.

Section 608(b) title 18 of the U.S.
Criminal Code, however, clearly
states that anyone purchasing “any
goods or commodities, advertising
or articles of any kind  the pro-
ceeds of which  inures to the
benefit of any candidate for an elec-
tive federal office  or the success
of any national political party, shall
be fined not more than. $5,000 or
imprisoned not more than five years,
or both."

 I 'Urges
People Not To Vote ‘Right’

Neither ex-Attorney General Ken-
nedy nor acting-Attorney General
Katzenbach have initiated legal ac-
tion against Democratic stalwarts
who have purchased copies of the
program.

Vision
This summer has also seen a
successful Texas politician named
Lyndon Johnson become the recip-
ient of a vision of the “Great So-
ciety.” Mr. Johnson, however, has
come to realize that he can get into
trouble by talking about issues.
He has concluded that the sure

way to the White House would be to_

try to act like a President, promise
like a Democratic Politician and not
do anything substantive.

Consequently, unless the Presi-
dent becomes worried about the
trend or the election campaign we
Americans will be denied any but
the vaguest description of his “vi-
sion.” Quel dominage’

Legislation

Congress acquiesed to left wing
pressure and finally passed a civil
rights bill. Weeks after this mo-
mentious event there were Negro
race riots in New York, Rochester
and other eastern cities.

Another “great step forward” was
;he initiation of the "war on pov-
erty." Congress gave birth to this
bold new offspring of Mr. Johnson’s
by passing a hill giving the execu-

tive branch permission to duplicate

already existing programs of the
Farmer’s Home Administration and

the Small Business Administration.

Also chartered in this bill were
programs previously initiated by the
National Defense Education Act, the
Manpower Development and Re-
training Act and the Vocational Ed-
ucation Act.

in light of all these happenings,
all commentators agree that in-
formed citizens will vote “the right”
way on November third.

Campaign slogans —- like
campaign promises - are
sometimes forgotten by ev-
erybody. Such slogans._the
buttons on which they were
displayed, the men for
whom they stood, all are a
fascinating part of Amer-
ica’s rowdy and raucous
eccentric political past.

Handshaxing is not a new tech-
nique, as can be witnessed by the
fact handed down about Abraham
Lincoln. After a day of campaign-
Iing his hand was so swollen that

he had to cut off and whittle a piece
of broomstick to hold in his hand
so it wouldn’t tremble while he
posed for a sculptor.

Jackson Campaign Buttons

Campaign buttons are credited to
President John Quincy Adams’ op-
ponents, who worked to get An-
drew Jackson elected in the next
campaign. The buttons worked, and
“the old soldier” was elected.

According to campaign historians
there was probably no more exciting
contest than the one of 1840. Behind
William H. Harrison, the newly
formed Whig party adopted the slo-
gans of “Log Cabin and Hard Cider”
and “Tippecanoe and Tyler, Tool”

The country was taken by storm
with parades, log cabins on wheels.
cider parties, song fests, live rac—
coons, huge balls rolled from one
city to another, badges, sashes,
jewelry, medalets, and hundreds of
trinkets - all bearing the symbols
of Whig candidates. Harrison won.

Prohibition Songs

A rousing book of songs devoted
to “staying dry” emerged from

the campaign of 1900, as part of-

John C. Wooley’s Prohibition party
platform.

 
 

Amer-id”; oiiticai is   "it; 

 

 

 

 

 

 

CAMPAIGN BUTTONS STEM from the earliest times in American
political history when the supporters oi Andrew Judson used

them to defeat John Quincy Adams.

This was the year of the "whistle
stop” campaign, born because Popu-
list-influenced laws prohibited po-
litical gatherings from being ad-

dressed from the end of railway
cars. To get around these laws,

cial platforms were set up just
qutside the limits of the town and
lb».

To use these, the candidate would
jump off his train, begin his vote-
gathering and then, when the whistle
blew for the train to leave, he’d

hurry back on board.

Depression Changed Slogans
In the campaign of 1932, Amer-
ica forgot about these railway trav-

elers and began to worry about trav-

eling to political safety and a way

 
 

out of the depression. The Republla
cans urged “Don't Swap Horses,"-
“Be Safe—Re-Elect Hoover," while
the Democrats promised aid to the
“forgotten man."

PHUNOGRAPHS
REPAIRED

BLUE NOTE SHOP

  

 

 

Gerald Drug Co.

In Western Are. Alto-y. K. I.

 

 

 

 

The books are defective .  m m ‘

em-gtdtw  THE sun ‘
sssssss w. .mm

The only upperclassmen as well
-’I‘here is nothing more wholesome for us than to find problems 0 s  ‘ . , as my Class 1 meet are “lose I   Ave.
that quite transcend our powers—Charles Peirce ' “"9 ma ’4! T’adition
JACKETS ON PARADE

 

 

bump into or trip. This is whyl

feel strongly that parts of Rivalry
1 want to be a par[ of this um. should be reinstated. By way of '

‘ h '7 vei‘slty. State offerstheeducational, example I "light use the lug 0' Chue Dogs 

Has anyone noticed the overabundance of ‘cold Greeks lately. Cultural, and intellectual atmos- war, class songs, soph-froshsports

*ltitltltltlt

 

I].    It seems that there are a lot of wEEPinH APDAI‘WUHS “mum 1" phere 1 seek. Socially, howeVer, and certain'“regulations and penal- “(unbuin .20
3 would jackets already. Can it possibly be that cold at 2:30 pm. there is a deﬁnite need forachange. ties" regarding beanles and name
E onasunny afternoon? The schedule of events here is t11185-
§ , :‘ numerous but when you know next steak  -75
5 if; lMMATURlTY INC. to no one the enthusiasm to par- i believe that a lot oi us would
> ' H ‘ V 1 Hum” the big ticipate wanes. I feel more "welcome" if this were
 all returns in the   .  it seems that certain low 1.0. s on LdIIIDUS me a i> This brings me to the point of done. In closing 1 want to plea.

 

_ . push towards “the mature university." Sii‘ﬂws 45 ice-Shooters this letter. I realize that motel “Don’t burymeontiielone rairiel" S I l

 v are okay in the first grade, guys. but in the Union? Hopscotch, living a, me present unle'is a glncemlyli  once 

g -: 1 anyone? necessity. Meeting class and bus Adrianne Koniecik '68 0|] WI" make [t a  1
Vi A  h' h 4; schedules often prevents us (the 
« 1 ' ' 0f the . ny 00153 “7 EC are  THE EPITOME or roncsncnr, PART I -

f ‘L I V ' i:
A A. .‘ V We realize that the administration tries, but maybe this “transn-

: I; l 0 t  k    I tion" business got a bit out of hand. An increase of 500 student: I
H - I e on the prayer of a huge building being done on time seems a J
 y u   '-.‘ ludicrous - maybe we should all slow down a llttie’.’   
.» ' y .

THE EPTTOME Oi" FORESIGTIT, PART 11
‘ Wackiest Ship in the A rmy’ .

 

Rumor has it that some motel-dwellers urc alleviatingthe “closet—
space" situation by putting their clothes on microfilm! ‘Anrloi
course for you guys out at the Country Squire -— Oneonta State is
offering late afternoon and evening classes at a reduced rate.

,  I V 7_  Jack Lemmon--Ricky Nelson 

if the Professor has given us an order.

 

 

I I
j I      . Along with expansion and "the big move" certain improvements f.
A Ii .  are bound to be made. The new chairs in the Union are gilezit,l but
L . . . .
" how about a few more tables for the thiongs of new po it c ans
ﬂ and other “hopefuls” to sit at. Draper  Gator 7 & 9 (Lin.

 ‘  1' ASWEGROWUP... AN 6’
. - . . a : lan- ' .
_ .. Chocolate covered graham crackers to all those involied in p I
ning and carrying out the Frosii Summer and Full Orientation I
programs. We'll deserve the title "University" yei-   
SURVIVAL OF THE Fl'l‘TES'l‘ .I o I, ‘
e ,
The Office of Academic Studies under the auspice:- of Dean .  W     d “
Mashugganah Gneurd aiuiounced recently that all students in motels l er a l 
‘L W k d’
ost ee en
Love and kisses, Draper . 

who memorize their bus schedule and/or survive travel through
7 & '6 pm Admnssson 35¢
Kock 'n Bull , I . , ,

the wilderness for dinner will receive 8 hours graduate credit in
.   f - . . i, i. .43, it! i Lilli , .. . . n I; Mr {in int .u' my d“?! ,li’o “Wt mi .,n.-; fig ., H,  . r, v A . . .  h
  .  .. ... ..  ..  .. .. . . i , . . i~,. ; .4 ' _ “in p!  :7 1|, .‘ 33‘ :Ef,‘ 'l'ii,’ : ,V '7 i.,_ 'l ml "3",» ,L ' n;_ 4 ,A "i “h _ w. ' ., i _, q _ I" _ f I ’ I
l I l | I T ‘   ‘ ‘ ‘ *  'Jiiii.“;iii "liiii. ‘lih will if", “hi in in, I".. n . it , K in i  P

iilli New Name

STATE UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE .‘

.«K ‘n

Depression and Anxiety 369.
7?? OF THE WEEK. . -
What happens when United Traction strikes?

  
 
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘L
‘Vr
4t,
4.
4
4*
‘V:

 

