  

*  hr Facility "(irons

- article by Paul Woodring in the current issue
of Saturday Review presents an interpretation of the
pllﬂit (if plight it is) of state colleges in America
today. The recent history of this Uniyersity is a
reflection of much of what Woodring writes.

Woodring reports much that is familiar to State
students. The trend of State colleges to drop the
“for teachers” from their titles and to eventually
grow into universities is all quite real because it
haslall happened here in the last two years.

The students, faculty and administrators all want

«fie measumsnax. arm-L 21.1964

‘-__,

 

 

 

 

 

 

O
O
o

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

to see their institutions achieve greater recognition.
Dropping the stigma “for teachers” is only one
step]: in the process.

But as the more fortunate of the state colleges
are able to achieve university status, conﬂicts must

inevitabin arise between the old guard of professors
and the impatient group of younger instructors who
Woodring refers to as the “Young Turks.”

Woodring sees with more than mean perception when
he writes of the “schism between the younger scholars,
dedicated to their own scholarly disciplines, and the
older professors, dedicated to teaching, presents a
difficult problem for. . . administrators.”

Such a problem is currently confronting this univer-
sity. Dr. Evan R. Collins, in a talk several weeks ago,
made mention of having to pull along some segments
of the faculty who are reluctant to leave the shelter of
state college and enter the brave. new world of uni-
versity life.

The dichotomy which Woodringdescribes is not nearly
so well defined at State as some of the other colleges
'which have recently made the transition to the big time.
However, it is inevitable that it would appear here.

The growth of faculty has, of course, kept pace with
the overall growth of the university in the past three
years. Many educators today are fearful that the large
inﬂux of new people into the college-teaching ranks will
lead to a lowering of the traditionally high—standards of
pedagogy in the universities.

We can see no evidence of this happening here. The
University has been truly lucky in the quality of teacher
it has been recruiting in the past two years. The
scholarship of these new teachers is distinguished.

The upshot of all this, of course, is that the new
faculty members are akin in both mind and spirit to the
“Young Turks” that Woodring speaks of. As far as we
can see, the main result of this has not so much been
an open split in the ranks offaculty as a definite beefing
up in the quality as well as quantity of courses offered
here.

To our way of thinking this is the best of all possible
results. The older members of the faculty are being
pushed by this new breed. There is no resistance to
this push.

True, some of our faculty members must regret the
passing of state college. But it is gratifying to observe
how many of the older group are just as excited by the
future prospects of the University as are the new group
of instructors.

This all works to the very real advantage of the Uni-
versity. The quality of instruction and the substance of
course material improves all the time. State college
at Albany is avoiding the pitfalls that often entangle
similar institutions as they grow into universities.

In many ways it is the most satisfying aspect of our
transition.

Rivalry Death Inevitable

Somehow the twenty-one lines that make up this
editorial seem to be a terribly short obituary for so
long a tradition as Rivalry. But perhaps it is best to
let It go quickly and mercifully, instead of trying to
hang onto an institution which has outlived its useful-
ness.

We are sad to learn of the death of Rivalry—although.
of course, it has been coming ever since the decision
to expand into a University was made.

Rivalry succumbed to natural causes. Itwas definitely
out of place and impossibly unwieldy in our ever-ex-
panding community. Student interest had waned and in
most cases disappeared in the past few years.

If there is anything to be learned from the death of
Rivalry. It is just that we areacommunity whose values
have changed tremendously in the past two years. We
can be sure that as we achieve full university status,
in fact as well as In name, that these new values will
interject themselves more and more into the structure

of the school.

     

m

   

I.ng I
draw number
I86. IrealI

if
d. ‘ +
In militme  .

 

drew nu.an 0°

\361. co
5

a)

St'ahl I

sJ

S'letolol

  

 

 

Current Comment

Liquor Law Gives Illusion of Reform

by Joseph W. Golu

Governor Rockefeller has been given credit for
reforming the liquor laws of this state. This has
been done by the headline writers of the newspapers
and the screaming “news"-casters of most radio
stations.

The biggest question with regard to the new liquor
law is whether or not it is a reform. No one will
deny that the law has been changed; this is obvious.
Yet to say that the law has been reformed is to say
that it has been improved. Idoubt that any improve-
ment has been made.

A few of the changes are worth listing. The old
limit on the number of licenses has been reworded in
such a way that the State Liquor Authority may or
may not allow more licenses. This, to me, is not a
reform, but instead an attempt to give more pOWer
to a group with too much power already.

The requirement that liquor stores be a certain
distance from one another has been dropped. This
provision would be absurd in view of the next change
I will mention.

Liquor In Every Corner Store

The revision allows stores which arenot exclusively
liquor stores to sell liquor. This includes theatres,
grocery stores, and pharmacies. This means that a
student leaving the quadrangle of residence halls will
pass by two potential liquor stores as he walks along
Western Avenue on Ins way to Draper.

The effect of this change can be imagined by pic-
turing every Grand Union or A & P withaliquor‘
section.

The price fixing sections of the law are the sec—
tions of most interest. The original proposal would
have forced a reduction in the price of almost all
brands of liquor. This proposal was defeated in the
regular session.

The provision affecting prices In the bill in the
emergency session will allow a reduction, but this
reduction is not guaranteed. The proposal to adopt
the Kansas plan which Would have guaranteed to New
York the lowest price in any state was not considered
by the Republican cant-us which controlled the session.

The bill as passed borrows from the Kansasplan but
does not put it fully into effect. This Kansas law is
in effect in about one-third states. It Works by re-

quiring distillers to swear that they are selling their
brands at a price no higher than in any other state.
If this oath were violated, criminal law enforcement
procedures would be begun.

The law as changed does not remove any of the
situations which have in the past led to corruption.
The only possible exception is the tentative removal
of the limit on the number of licenses. The changes
do nothing to alter the power structure of the State
Liquor Authority. It is the SLA which has been the
scene of the most thorough corruption in the state.

The changes were obtained only with the help of’
a supposed deal with the Buckley machine in the
Bronx. Charles A. Buckley, now in his seventies,
faces a strong challenge in the June primary from
Jonathan Bingham.

The supposed deal will allow the organization to
slate candidates in the primary. This will allow
Buckley to appear on a row “A” with his individual
henchmen appearing on the same row. A bill to this
effect was passed in both houses of the legislature
but only with an impassioned plea from the majority
leader in the state Senate, Walter Mahoney.

Rockefeller had not signed the bill as of the be-
ginning of the emergency session. Rockefeller also
had not signed many bills financing pet projects or-
pet adjustments witlnn the various districts of the
state. This tactic was used to obtain Republican
votes. (This is an election year.)

An evaluation of the total effect of the new liquor
bill and the supposed Rocky—Iltn-kley deal is pos-
sible, but only If couched in the most negative of
terms.

The liquor law, as revised, is not a reformed
law. It does nothing to prevent corruption; it does
not insure lower" prices or even equal prices. It
does not insure that people who put a lifetime into
a liquor store will be able to continue making a
living.

The revised law does accomplish a few poor things.
It removes public interest from the inmstigatrons
into the SLA. (The extent of relationship between
the SLA anti Louis Lefkowitz 15 yet to be exposed.)
It also gives the public a false sense of security.

Everyone is supposed to feel that Itocltefollcr', it
great reformer, has triumphed over the fort-ca of
evrl )(the industry, the retail industry, and [lie lob-
bies.

 

Albany Student Press

[IVA-LIIHID IAV I...
IV TNI CLAI. 0'

The Albany Student Press is o newspo
Tho ASP may be reached by dialing 4
The ASP oIIIco,

9-648l.. Th

 

or published by the student body of the State Univorlit of New York at Albany.
a paper can also be reached by dialing Stub
located In Room 5 ol Brubochol Hull, II open from 7:00 to “:00 p.m. Sunday through Wednesday.

ochor Hall of IV 2-3326.

WILLIAM H. COLGAN - EDITH S. HARDY
Co-Edliou-ln-Chlet

KAREN E. KEEFER
Managing Editor

JACQUELINE R. ADAMS
Auocloie Editor

CYNTHIA A. GOODMAN
Auoclote Feature Editor

JOSEPH W. GALU
Senior Editor

JUDITH M. CONGER
Associate Technical Supervisor

CARREN A. ORSINI
Circulation Eschonge Edltov

Assistant Edltou ...................................................... ..

RONALD W.
Sports Editor

LINDA A. MCCLOUD
Associate Edltor

HAROLD L. LYNNE
Auocioie Sports Editor

JUDITH D. METCALF
Business Manager

DOUGLAS 0. UPHAM
Photography Editor

HAMILTON EARL G. SCHREIBER

A"; Editor

DEBORAH I. FRIEDMAN
Associate Editor

DAVID W. JENKS
Executive Editor

JOHN M. HUNTER
Advertising Manager

JOANNE C. SOBIK
Consultant Adv-"IIan Editor

SUSAN J. THOMSON
Public Relations Editor

Bliolr

 

 

  

Joseph Sllvermon, Nonc

 

Duh Editor ............................................................ .. Lou lone"
C°l“"‘”l'" """"""""" "PHI J'M'"! J°"Pl‘ G°Wh POI Falono, Kathy Brophy, Alu Deltlnl, Stovos'rl Curtl, John
Morton J. No or Lu. Ian Lnl
“090"!” ----------------- "Elk." “WWW: Uh“ 30W". 5O"! Boyd, Rosemary] Monoour, Lynn'KwtthIonc Johnson,
Gory Murdoch, 50m Cypuui, IIlIom Smith, William Gray. Gory KGPIW

Photograph." ........ ..

 

 

All communications must be oddruud to the

"promon- do not nuumily reflect its yum.

Editor and must be II nod.
Albany Student Preu ouumu no responsibility for opinions "only: in

Donnie Church, Richard Loltor, Jouph Mohoy

Noni" will be withhold on roquui. TIMI
In column: or communications, or wcl‘

 

3 o.  to 

-MYSKANIA anounced its
new format for referrals
Sunday night. All persons
who wish tomake referrals
to MYSKANIA must follow
the new format.

No referral will be accepted
unless it follows, step by step,
this official format. A detailed
outline of these new procedures
is printed below on this page.

All referrals in the future must
be presented to Nancy Baumann’65,
the Chairwoman of MYSKANIA.

Referral Powers
MYSKANIA possesses broad pow-
ers to deal with referrals made to
it. In accordance with Article V,
Section lB-4 of the Student Asso-

and power of MYSKANIA “to con-
sider cases of unusual nature re-
ferred to it by any group.”

Students and organizations or

Students and organizations or
groups of interested students may
refer a case to MYSKANIA.

Any student may act in the ca-
pacity as an individual and refer
a case or matter on his own ini-
tiative.

Students may also act as repre-
sentatives of organizations or may
act as representatives of groups
of students not belonging to any
specific organization.

Student Association
Any matter affecting the Student
Association may be referred to
MYSKANIA.

 

IIIISIIANIA Referral Procedure

Title of Referral
Date of Presentation

Referral Number (ex. 6364-1)

To: MYSK AN IA

Presented by: name of petitioner, his class year, and office held.
Factual statement of the existing situation by the petitioner to MYS-
KANIA. Statement of the defects in the existing situation supported by

evidence.
Changes advocated by the petitioner
Signature of the petitioner

Attached to the referral should be materials such as bills, ballots,
statements, etc. giving evidence to the support of the contention pre-
sented. If the actual references cannot be procured then they must be

directly cited.

It would be advisable that two copies of the referral be presented in

typewritten form.

All referrals must be presented to the Chairman of MYSKANIA.

Nomination Deadline Tomorrow

For Senate Rephwe

Election Commissioner Roberta
Joslin ’65 announced Sunday that
llOIili'll‘illUIIS for Senate replacement
elections and Sophomore ClassSec-
rotary will remain open until to-
morrow at 3:00 pm.

Elections for these offices will be
held In the peristyles April 2’7, 28
and 29 from 9:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m.

To date, twelve people have been
‘nominated for i'r'eslnnan Senator and
eight for Junior Senator.

Any nominee wishing to decline
must submit a written declination
to Miss Jcslin via student mail by
this Friday. If no written declina—
tion is submitted. the per'son’sname

Forum 
English and Journalism, graduating
in 1950 -- the year he went toIsraeI.

Mr.’ Aumann’s first job in Israel
was in the capacity of Assistant
Editor of "Chronicles" —amonthly
publication presenting Jewish his-
tory in the format of a modern
daily newspaper. In 1951 he became
editor of the paper, a position he
held until early 1956.

Joins the foreign Ministry

After a brief spell as Managing
Editor of the weekly newmnagazlne
“ilere and Now,” Mr. Alnnann In
October, 1956, Joined the Foreign
Ministry and was attached to its
Information Department.

ills appointment to Ins present
assignment in New York traffic In
November 196].

ment Elecabns

will be entered on the ballot.

Nominated for freshman senator
are Ed Kling, Ray Cianfrini, Jim
Mal'ly, Frank Penski, Michelle M“-
let, Lauren Kurz, Arlene Kushner‘,
Brian Sullivan, Diane Skutnik, Larry
Lioz, Donna Jacobsen, and Michael
AI'CUI'I.

Nominated for Junior- senator are
Cindy Rydell, Errol Fltzgerald,Ted
Meyer, Nicholas Argyr‘os, Frank
Crowley, Gary Luczak, LeonOrms-
by. and Alex Delfmi.

Nominated for Sophomore Secre-
tm'y are Elaine Volo, Loy Augus-
tine, Doris Young, Alice Rosen,
Sun'ly Cappello, Ginger Kramek,
and Linda Ethridge.

 

 

the Brothers four
will not appear at
Chatham
High School
as

originally scheduled

 

 

YIIIIR PHOIII INIIl

Other remarks

Now you can have your most cherished photo turned Into a Iastlng,
colored hand palntlng. Any size, black and whlio or colored photo can
he made Into on oil palntlng. An 8" by l0" pointing ls yours for only
$9.95 or on IS" by l8” painting for only $24.95. All palntlngs men-
tioned are of one person or animal. It more than one person or animal
Is to be In painting please add $6.00 to: each one.

tttltittﬁttttﬁtktﬁnttlthattiktttttﬁtwﬁt

ORDER TODAYII Fill in the following and mall with photo to:
MARK ROSE ENTERPRISES
P. 0. Box I382
Albany, New York

Color at hoir_.__._-__._.-_-__-..M._..___Color ot eyesowsﬂ...“

Complexlonwm__..~“~_.__WColor of Clothing~~..-._~.m.-.~m

t‘iiitﬁttatitIltlwttﬁtttﬂtiﬂtiiﬁﬁtﬂtttt

Make all check: and money orders payable to Mark Rose enterprlaes,

Av IIIi PAINIING

 

a,» Referrals '

ciatlon Constitution, it is the duty

MYSKANIA has the duty and power
to interpret the Student Association
Constitution and since all other
group constitutions are subordinate
to the SA Constitution, MYSKANIA
can also interpret these constitu-
tions.

MYSKANIA will also consider all
matters of impeachment referred to
it by any group and when necessary,
try impeachment cases.

In accordance with Article V,
Section lB-3 of the SA Constitution,
the duty and power of MYSKANIA
shall be “to act as a Court of Ap-
peal.” MYSKANIA will consider
any appeal to a decision made by
another body acting in a judicial
capacity.

Appeals -to decisions made by the
administration of the University are
not within the Constitutional power
or authority of MYSKANIA.

MYSKANIA will refer to the ad-
ministration any case which require
further action:

tIniversinIInnnunees
eademie Schedule

Dean Elmer Matthews recently
announced the schedule for the 1964-
65 academic year.

On Monday, September 14, the
residence halls will open for upper-
classmen. Registration will take
.place from September 14 to Sep-
tember 16 and classes will start
on September 17.

Thanksgiving recess will com-
mence on November 25 and classes
reconvene on November 30. Christ-
mas vacation begins on December
18, 1964 and ends on January 4,1965.

Classes for the first semester end
on January 16 and final exams are
on January 18 to the 27.

The dormitories open for the sec-
ond semester on February 3 and
classes for the second semester
begin on February 4.

Spring recess will be from March
20 to March 29 when classes resume.
This recess is in addition to the
Easter vacation which will be from
April 15 to April 20.

Classes will end on May 26 and
final exams are from May 28 to
June 7. Commencement is on June
ILIQGS.

 
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

room selection.

“I couldn’t believe that I had been
so lucky. I have never won anything
in my life,” said Mary Smith ’65
after winning the housing lottery
conducted last Friday, when she
drew number one.

She would have been the first
student In the University to select
a room, but Ironically she was just
notified that she has been selected
as an R.A. for next year.

Even if she had not received the
job, she had a place reserved for
her at a sorority house.

Room selection for the members
of the class of '65 will begin tonight.
The class of ’66 will select rooms
Wednesday and Thursday night and
freslnnen will choose housing next
Monday and Tuesday night. Selec-
tion will take place in the Brubacher
Private Dining Room.

Students may select a room or
suite for two, three, four, or five
taking with him on his number the
students so named.

All students intending to room
together should report with the per-
son on whose number they are
drawing. If one or more oftheroom-

Pot-luck reigns as these trash women draw their numbers tor

mates cannot be present, the student
on whose number they are drawing
must present a signed note from
those absent, including the person's
student number.

Certain rooms in the dormitories
will be designated as scheduled for
moving in February. At that time,
many of the rooms that weretripled
on the quad will be untripled.

 

Knit 'in’ lime
Yarn Shop

Popular Brands
Lowest Price in the Tri-Citiu
Open Daily IO-o
Wednesday 10-9
Phone 434-6339

2l2 Western Avenue
HNear the College"

Mohair All Colors

 

79¢

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

’IWIiI/UI

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

mm in Hulfitm ‘
fﬂlﬂttlwl . - mnnvloruzwrr
I h
I — _

um Aowmrrlamv lulu
SMUW'IMI PAW

 

 

 

 

MAN

BOOKS are
the THINKING

 

’5 TOOLS

STATE COLLEGE CO~OP

     
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sorry no C. O. D.

 

 

   

:— -—-<-rt—-v-

  
      
  
   
 
   
   
  
    
    
   
  
   
   
   
    
  
     
    
    
   
  
   
    
  
   
   
     
 
 
    
    
  
    
   
   
   
    

 
 
  

