 

 

 

 

"' .  

. f

 

     
 

 

Vet-t el later-stun. Does the comma in the third sentenc
of is second pereetqh raeee 

Foils lotteries Interest

W the academic year. Forum of Politics
has W in bringing to State students a greatly-
 group program.

by” years he Forum has brought speakers and
presented informative evenings. but never in such qual-
ity au-quantityss the past seven months have witnessed.

Among the' more notable of the spealoers Forum has
presented this year have been a debate between conser-
vative Fulton Lewis ill and liberal James A. Burkhart.
the speech by Akrani Midani of the Arab League. and
last Itondsy's speech by Dr. John Fagg of New York
University. Also included in Forum’s activities was the
holding of a Mock Security Council for High Schools last

ureter.

specially commeno this has been the Forum policy
of trying to represent a true kaleidoscope of views and
issues in the world today. An example of this is the
Lewis-Burhhart debate. An even better example is the
echerhled appearance by Moshe Aumann. Consul of
lerael in New York. as a complement tothe appearance
of the Arab league's Midani last month.

For our money the Forum of Politics program of
speakers is the best thing to have happened at State
all year. A University such as ours needs the stimu-
lation that this sort of program provides.

We wish. however. that more of our fellow students
would take advantage of the program. The speech by,
New York Times correspondent Robert Trumbull last
Friday was attended by only some two hundred students.

Forum of Politics is doing a great job at presenting
a fine memorable program. let's see more people
at the events sponsored by Forum.

Albany Student Press

sevaeususe IAV 0.0.
.1 'HI CL... 0' I...

 

if".

 

"I. Mbeny Student Press is a newspaper oblished by the Student body d the
tote University el new York at Albany. ‘he ASP may be reached by dialing
m-OUI. The eeper can also be reechedb dialing Brobecher Hall at IV 2-3326.
"0e ASP office, located in “corn 5 ol robachar Hell, is open from 7:00 to
llrw pJn. Sunday through Yhoreday.

WILLIAM H. COLCAN - EDIYH S. HARDV
CovEditors-in-Chrel

KAHEN E. KEEPER
Managing Editor

HONALD W. HAMILYON
ports Editor

EARL G. SCHREIBED

JACQUELINE R. ADAMS
Arts Editor

Assocmte f dttu

LINDA A, MdiOUD

DEBORAH l. FRIEDMAN
Associate Editor

Associate Edllol

CVNYHIA A. GOODMAN
Associate Feotwa Editor

ttAROl D l. LVNNl
Auotrote Sports l’drtor

DAVID I. JENIS

JOSEPH N,(1AlU
£I.‘ullv. Editor

suitor Editor

JUDHH D ME rrar r

ltJttN M. HUleR
.usrneas Manager

A*‘v'lll ling Manager

JUDIVH M. (UNDER
Associate lechnicai SU'OIvIUOI

lIULJUi A5 (1 \lP"AM
l‘l-olovruyii, llrtur

JOANNE C. SOBrrr

lAthtN A. (mum
Consultant Advert-gm“ Edrlu

(ricoldtrorr factrurige lJiloi

SUSAN i. lHOMSON
Pg‘ll‘ ﬂeiariona Editor

‘..i.'.ﬂl Editors Joseph Silverrnun, Nancy lilies

Desi fitters Koren Collison, Mary Lou Viennese
Ig'enua Eileen Manning, Beth Bo d, Roast-ray Malawi,

0'“ gyvltlbi, William surrllr
("V-“"0 PNI Jon-on. Joust- Gomer, Poi Fasano, Kathy 8....» ,

Aloe Dellrni, Stew. Cuti, J. “o'er Lea, Ion Leet, Nancy Anderson,

Mary Lens, Carolyn Sehraoll
'bdeyephua Dennis Church, Richard Labor, Joseph lohay
‘” ‘O‘M'u'tus swat be addressed to the Editor and must be It m. t“...
"H . "Mu 9" "Quest. The ASP assumes no responsibility a gaming

"""u "' "' ‘Olv-"I er Lemon-cations, as such asuessions d. not
necessarily reﬂect ill no“

 

 

f mammal. l7. noes

til! Stat-is invariant

  Pnoiiyncbapter of 00!!! has an-
 hr a "stall-in for free-
dom" on the opening day of the World’s
Fair. Their proposal is to block the main
traffic arteries to the Fair with stalled front of people if they hope to accomplish
cars in a demonstration for civil riﬂits. anything even now.

But we cannot sympathize with a group
mm?$ltbw;::ngr:i$:ighhggg which ipores the rights of others in a
that die Brooklyn group will cancel its Cheap publicity Stunt

m Earlier Bean’s list

Dean’s List finally made its long-over- g
due appearance last week.

The chapter is not protesting discrim-
ination at the Fair itself. but is willing
to inconvenience a million Fair visitors.
as well as greatly increase the work of-

the police. just to setfront_page attention. Dean’s List in other Universities are

compiled within a few weeks of the end
of the semester. This presents quick
academic recognition to deserving stu-
dents.

Public opinion is all-important in mak-
ing progress in civil rights. Unfortunately.
the Brooklyn CORE chapter doesn’t seem
to realize that tying up fun-seeking, fair-t
bound people in a tremendous traffic jam
is not the best way to win sympathy.

We can see no reason for not follow-
ing just as prompt a schedule here. The
work in compiling the Dean’s List can

COREis national director. Jams Far- be done in relatively few hours.

mer. wisely suspended the Brooklyn group

from the national affiliation.

nizes the fact that such action can greatly those Who are getting the moat education

damage the Negro cause.

be recognized as quickly as possible.

toolosorl liloolrs Provide Color

We compliment the University on its
policy of keeping the clocks in the var—
ious dormitores and academic buildings
as uncoordinated. inaccurate. and con-
fused as far as humanly (and mechan-
ically. we suppose) possible.

Admittedly. the anarchy that now pre-
vails in State’s time-keeping mechan-
isms does have certain drawbacks-
causing inconvenience to faculty and
students aliloe on occasion.

But we feel that these inconveniences
are more than offset by the unsettling
influence the present clock system has
on the University in general.

When we say unsettling, we mean it
in the sense that the clock system is
one of the few things in the University
that has yet to succumb to the ravages
of committees. evaluation. re-evalua-
tion. and centralization in general.

The clock system is essentially a
throw-back to the good old simple. un-
complicated days of Albany State Col-

llaiiuLSlalt

loge for Teachers. It is a pleasant re-
minder of a time when this institution
was not subjecting itself to intense
doubts about its present, and especially
its future.

The completely uncoordinated clock
system adds a touch of color that is
sadly lacking in many other parts of
the University. What student or faculty
member has not marveled at gettingto
Detroit Annex from Draper Hall a min-
ute and a half before he left Draper
Hall?

When confronted with the continual
hustle of the University. any student or
faculty member must be put at ease
when he arrives at a class before he
actually leaves for it.

The clock system is undisguised an-
archy. In a University which is grow-
ing such as ours. a touch of anarchy
is desirable.

Let’s keep our wonderfully fouled up
clock system just the way it is.

Chastity Still Campus Virtue

by Sam Cypressl

SSSSSl‘JXXXXX

Do virgins get iii-tier grades in school than iron—
virgins? This was one oi the My; questions put forth
by Newsweek in a recent feature slrir),“'l'lte Morals
lievolritron on the U. S. Campus." The answer could
no doubt he obtained hv taking a pole, but this worrld
have its problems since most students are somewhat
reluctant to puhlii-i/e their grades.

Newsweek's story, trrotivared ii» the annual spring
vacation exodus of students to Nassau, litivron'a beach,
l'ort Lsiidcrtiale, and the other Longeti for plates
where the sun shines best was essentially .i rehash
ol the same old, overdone tlltllt‘lﬁii topiis stiin as
good night kissing In“ it stint lit‘i'h"  and niltl parties,
and the pirturc it tricd to paint I he Ilititlt'lli strident
gent-t dlliili was inait iii are and misleading .islhcpti illit‘
pointed I.» the students who lint iii-d to Hot ltl‘rs'sit‘i sent
iue‘ilrres.

()i totitsr‘ liti‘lt- Iru‘i Mach 4 thiiripv
attrrudcs «it our generation
plane lltrili generation llr
when men showed lltt‘ll
ilil‘ hood with .i
the iitfdlt“xl rare. but
Itiwuttl tea is to, ho

to lltt‘ llitildl
lidit‘ ldhi'lt
generation wintr- lhr tiniri
httttriy litt‘il llldlt‘
Hills and dropping her oil to
the t .rnyy in our diiiiutles
means a ri-mltittori, and it is
with thc Iltdlt) othiit profound
ldhiiiy' [lidtt' lii our world huh“,
world. More u'iidlitr's l-drtf Islwn
|Ildlt‘ in the lust tort» ,edrs than in all the printous
your . oi tir'oir’s htsror ,. ('h‘atigehastet tilltediiiﬂ't epteti,
instituting part til our lives. for lhi‘. li'dhtili it is
tt:ll"ilil) litiitrilous to ttrililldlt‘ l. molt l‘ttcgersld's
Amory lil'arne with Leonie hr. John's Mark wrthhiit
expei ting some dillerences the things that “indoors
and motivate our generation are not the same things
that have influenced and motivated past generations.

We've siliiPl) adjusted to a new enviroinenr. WQ'te
learned that ernotionai expression is hotter than
emotional repression, that sex in important to a
"rneanrngtul relationship" and toe hotter urrdersiandiru
uni “smudge oi the person with whom one might

but It (horriﬁc

line I ,
titt‘l

. I will ltl ‘illl‘)‘l‘lllrii
Ilidl
thits is s id‘il

thaniji-s dri-

use:

be sharing his life. And we've learned that a certain
amount ot soptusttcation is necessary. Oi t'rrtllsu.
there are those who haven't learned. There are those
who hrch a somewhat distorted View of emotional
expression. And there are those who arc iliilt‘i‘tl
immoral. But then there are unto-operative peoplt'
iii r‘vel'i crowd, arr-tit there?

And problems arise—the same old prohli-tns sin-n
as what to (in when pluiliiiy‘s plairrtute stttltlt-lll-
risks for pickles and strawberries. lawn iirr squat thus
llugh lieinor is a little nervous on this point. lit“
the «vol—littering rivet oi inﬁnite, our llltqut‘litlldltli‘
thirst lot ‘il'lellllilt' knowledge, has come up with .in
answer to this trltt‘ too Today We Iiatt‘triwidlitilin,
pills and that old stand hr, rriarrtage. Aililllttllf‘tll
thesc rah lt'iill) he said to he hurt or unridturzii sthii-
it their dhin‘t tit'r'ustonaliy go attains!
Wtilll'l .i.l soil it l'diillt‘l‘i With it lllt‘
or lillt‘l'li .iiur s

ltdlllll‘ vtl'
('Alll‘i Idiitr

Newsweek's shill wasir‘itdinlt tilii‘lt‘bllliﬁdiitltt‘lt‘l
llll (sex is still spit-it» icooittoph tor holding .irri-htruro'.
homucr H was a tntirh Iatttei t‘xdllilllt‘ Irl llttt‘m‘l
rsrii Illt not. to iriisteaiitheri-ailcr llti‘lltlll‘tiirvl limo-M
ldtltidl twins writing. Quotes were taken truth thlt‘t'
new. with students irorri Yale, llarmrd, and «illicf
therrihet s oi the lvy lengthy and these quotes -oin.r.,
tron. sort. a small number oi ititllvitllir’sln trritl-I nsitn.
he itrii\rill|‘ll'tl it‘llil‘ﬁelilﬂllte oi the entire Amwltmr
sluvlt‘ht Imd. After sr‘ruidl opening paragraph, tit"
iiillli, thi‘ til.’,t:tity or this “It‘iuluiitrii,‘ the willi'l
«til-lb tin ‘icltli‘ltt r: smith; “Despite their tliiuliis, I lid-.lil.
it‘lli‘iirs .i .iirue Ior most ol today's 4 1,2 lllllllt‘l
college students.” This is pitilralriy one oi the llitr.'.|
important points in the whole nut is. it should haw
been emphasized and te-srtiphasired throughout. Iiul
it was given only one short sentence

Well despite dll)ttiie'b tiouiirs, (‘liﬂzillly litre!
rcrnsin a virtue and althouin our idea oi ilillit‘ lur-
Ulvd‘lt‘hetl this (Hindi) is not shoot toiollapsctw air-r
“l “39 “stimuli morality. 'i‘hose otd rohicprs oi lit-t-
and marriage while they are “need with .i iilllt‘
lit» It‘shcle and 's irttle more realism, are still 4“
Neal and an ittrlsirt'url diestii oi out getterstim

.sltit‘

Since the main business of a univer-
He recog- sity is to educate. it seems to us that

I)

  

 
   
 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

We realize that Negroes have waited far 9 o  e 8
too long already for equal ridits and op-
portunities. We also agree that they will
have to push themselves continually in

o Intercollegiate News ;
0 News Muses -,
0 Humor
smear. APRIL 17. 1964 races

 

Conservative Areas Give Times Writer Spooks iii Page -
On 'Coming Struggle for Asio’

Wallace Primary Vote

exact opposite is true. The billbars
federal encouragement of busing.

The issue of busing is but one
of many distortions, deliberate or
inadvertent.

by Joseph W. Gale

The vote received by Alabama’s
governor, George Wallace, has stir-
red much discusston and has been
exaggerated extensively.

No one, not even those who orig-
inated the current crvil rights bill,
has ever said that this nation is
free of people with prejudices. The
votes for Wallace were from heavily
conservative areas in most cases.

Wallace’s vote was heaviest tnthe
sixth and tenth congressional dis-
tricts. These districts are the
strongest Republican districtsinthe
state. The sixth district is that
which was the home of the late
Senator McCarthy.

A second area of strong support Strange Voting System

for Wallace was the Polish districts
in Milwaukee. In these areas, many
people have spent most of a life-
time saving enough money to buy
their own home. These people were
easily inﬂuenced to vote for Wallace.

"New" Campaign

The campaign for Wallace was
conducted with an extremely ex-
tensive budget. it was a so-called
“new” campaign. What this means
is radio time was bought for iingles
emphasizing the name of the can-
didate. It also means that his name
was plastered on billboards.

This form of campaign is based
on the premise that people vote
for the name which is most current
in their minds. It is this belief
that contributes to the idea that
publicity, whether positive or neg-
ative, enhances a candidate's
chances.

Wallace with the help of funds
contributed and some funds which
allegedly came from state budgets
was able to carry on a "new"
campaign.

Distortions
This campaign was based largely
on distortions of the current bill.
The effort for Wallace included
making references to hills which
are not now being considered.

His supporters said the bill sup-

ports the ldea of hustng students
in order to integrate schools. The

,“La‘l cock

CL“ he \s

6)

Tire open primary system used
in Wisconsin allows voters to vote
in a primary other than the one of
their party. In such a case, a
Republican could vote in a Demo-
cratic primary and vote for the
candidate he liked most or least.

Since the total vote for the two
Democrats, Wallace and Johnson
supported Governor Reynolds, far
exceeded the vote for the Republican
favorite son in 'the most heavily
Republican districts, it is assumed
that many Republicans voted for
either Wallace or Reynolds.

The betting is that the Republicans
who crossed over voted for Wallace.

This same open primary system
has hurt the Republicans at times.
The most recent possible example
is the 1962 race for governor.
in this race an extremely con-
servative Republican was nominated
in a very close race. Democrats
may well have been the margin.

The vote of Wallace was large,
but it was only one in four. if
this means that 75% of all Arneri-
cans are for civil rights and lib-
erties as defined in the bill be-
fore the Senste. it is a great victory
for advocates of civil rights and
liberties.

This is especially true in view
oi the fact that no one haspresented
any convtncmg evidence that those
who voted for Wallace were or are
against r-rvrl rights.

Roclr Wallaby litrrtt
C1)

hEcomt’
Ccthufl

$0 0"  

/ Nourllo‘l' lids ..

by Eileen Manning

“Communism is not the sword of China
but puts the sharp edge on it” said Robert
Trumbull. guest speaker last Friday after-
noon in Page l-lall. Mr. Trumbull. Asian
correspondent for the New Yovlr Times
had recently returned to the United States
from Vietnam.

Cong Reign Forseen

He said Communist China would be in
power for a long time and no one believes
Chang-Kai-Shek will regain the mainland.
“Communism.” stated Trumbull. “gives
China a force, a cohesion it ne Ier had.”
This strength i a result of efficient di-
rection from Petting.

Trumbull said this new power worries
the Asians. Taiwan. for example. once
felt an affinity to China but changed this

opinion when Tibet. which had been an also discussed by Mr. Trumbull.

autonomous state.
Communists.
Trumbull’s closing thoth on Commun-
ist China was that if. unfortunately. some
countries in Southeast Asia went com-

China would still be as great.
Three reasons were outlined by Mr.

the imports of the U. S.

The scarcity of rubber. tin, boxite and of the people saying “if the Communist.
quinine was felt when Japan had control were knocking at Sargon. the people would
0f S. E. Asia. Third, the 1083 or S. E. wait to see whether the present govern-
Asia would mean a barrier between the ment or the Communists won...

  

“’35 take“ 0"“ by the urged that the biggest problem “is getting
the people with us." Conscription. for
instance, is supposedly in force in Viet-
nam. but he pointed out that no one has

been conscripted.
munist. their fear. hatred. and distrust of support for the government.

lecture.
Trumbull for the United States' interest something goes wrong the Vietnam”
in Southeast Asia. First, the presence blame the government.
of the U. S. in Asia Stands in the Path a better organization. the people turn to
of Chinese ambitions toward Asia. Sec- communists because they are the only
ond, the loss of S. E. Asia would affect organized group.

    
     
          
      
     
    

     
  
 

 
      
        
  
  
   
    
  
   
   
   
   
    
   
    
   
  
   
  
  
   
    
   
  

Robert Trude", Far lantern-serves”
for the New Yerlr Tiaras, spebe lest week.

 

Atlantic and the Pacific.

An evaluation of present Vietnam was
lie.

indicating a lack of

During the coffee hour following his
Mr. Trumbull said that when

In searching for

Mr. Trumbull summed up the feelings

 

Gem-514144

V w

   
  
 

by ion Last 3 Nancy Andersenl

 

(\o‘l' To 80

    
  
  

ImPertInent Notices

Housing Otllce

(ft)

  

with belated ‘*

/  “‘5 Uﬁtilif‘til‘l’
‘ M

00
wash—‘ui \3 a“ 1
bone trail ,W "l ‘9‘ b
admits.” she t0
 out,
6A d éoas‘n'l , So

world W‘ “J01 

 

/ "Tint \idu o‘l’

Eduuﬁmn “93 “I
\n \‘S t‘M‘Win U
Doha“ “

  

 

Q arth 0‘ WWI” g
inc ms doiM‘ii-“m‘g m“

new moxm

 I ' “decided

\mQ r dormant

oi: mod 0.

will

 

 

'l‘hs iloustng Ultice announces that a Stats-wide lottery will beheld
Friday, April )7. Winner Will not necessarily take all.andit'snot
certain where the proceeds are going - or the winner, for that matter.

Owed to the Housing Office
()n the seventeenth of April in '04,
In the Student Lounge, Draper, first floor
Hardly a man is now .ilivre
Who can claim that he'll sur rite
l‘hs daytime litre assembled here
Any more than that title of Paul Revere.

“One” means on land, "rah" means in. sun],
And 1 on the opposite shore \tlll stand,

lissd) to “hos,” and much to their trial um.
l‘hrough ever) Uuiideriand, village, and isrtim.. .

(Lditor 's little: line to lack of space fill this tolutrrlt

this weer sortie of this lllelaii exet rise had to he
exorcised.)

suppression

No rilrr‘ announces anything about suppression.
.___..._._.

Where has old suppression gone, long time dying?

Where his old suppression gone. long time ago?

Why] a has old ledbbluii gone, no one in use their articles
When will lite) ever learn, when Will they evever learn?

Senate
Senate wishes to announce that all seconds to motions Will he done
alphabetically from now on, in order to give everyone an equal uppin-
full") for Wbllt‘li).
A boisterous shout hour the floor was hear d.
"l‘lss not the Hit/doll, but the urond's uordl Question of the web:
Will the minors ratcii ttu bruhacher giraffe?

