 
 
 

 

 

 

Marlowe »»...P'robes Deep into Man’s Soul 

Christopher Marlowe did more than write a play It Thoastory oi Faustus is based on an old German legend,

DR. JARKA BURIVAN directs o scone.

 

 

. g « ~t ' , by Debby Friedman

ln‘ cdnjunction with the fiftieth anniversary of the theatre at the State University of New York at Albany,
the Department, of Speech and Dramatic Arts is presenting Christopher Marlowe’s classic. “Dr. Faustus.”
This year is also the four hundredth anniversary of the birth of Marlowe. The play is being given from

November 9 to November 14 in the Cathedral of All Saints.
The. play is also to be the last in a series of events making up the Renaissance Symposium now under

way. In the Symposium various aspects of Renaissance thought are being explored by guest lecturers. In
“Dr. Faustus” many reﬂections of this thinking are manifested through the characters, especially Faustus
and Mephistophilis. I? (it

Just as Faustus has been given here before. so has a State University Theatre production — “Murder
’in the Cathedral” — been presented in the Cathedral of All Saints. Producing any play in the Cathedral
setting provides a unique challenge to the director, the cast, the set designer, and the stage crew. Dr.
Jarka Burian, who Iis now directing the production of “Dr. Faustus” was also director of “Murder in the
Cathedral,” and is thus familiar with the problems that must be overcome in such a production.

Some of the main problems encountered in presenting a play such as this in the cathedral are the
acoustics. the mastery of which is a challenge to the actor. lighting, scenery adaptation, the limits of the
stage area, and seating arrangements.

“Dr. Faustus” is a play with many interpretations possible. The version that is being performed next

l L 

I. 2:. ‘

 
 

week will be one emphasizing the theatrical aspects of the play. Dr. Burian has stated that, “Its intensely
spiritual theme of salvation and danmation of the gut Mids obvious reinforcement in the church context.
He goes on to say that “the Cathedral setting underlies the spiritual issues of the destiny of the soul and
in no way detracts from the equally universal, ever-contemporary. but more secular theme relating to
the limits to be imposed on man’s aspirations and materialistic achievement.”

The theme of the play is of great interest to modern man, who is still trying to reach the bounds of
human limitations. This can be seen in what are probably the most famous lines of the play, showing
Faustus’ reaction to Helen of Troy: “Was this the fact that landed a thousand ships, and burnt the topless
towers of Illium? Sweet Helen, make me immortal with a kiss.”

The play shows Faustus as a man intellectually bored, enclosed by human limitations — the result being
frustration and eventual damnation. This theme is timely now and in 1588 when the play was first pro-
duced. Faustus is being produced now at the Phoenix‘Theatre in New York City.

The productions of Faustus have been many and varied. In the last half of the seventeenth century, and
the eighteenth century. Marlowe’s plays were generally not performed. The main exception was “Dr. John M04";

Faustus” which was lowered to the level of a puppet show. The twentieth century brought a revival of ...Sot Designer

   

bl. Jovlro Burton” 4“ ‘
"Directs Faustus

interest in Marlowe's works and now, in commemoration of the four hundredth anniversary of his birth,

“Dr. Faustus" is being presented here in Albany.

Lester Greenberg

a ,0 Howard Miller
Edward Schwartz

 

 

 

Chorus, Duke, Gluttony

Wagner, Vintner, Carter

Good Angel Dev“ Norma Gmer it is a unique experience for any stage performer
I

twenty-four when he penned "Dr. Faustus." He created but the mood reflects that of Elizabethan England in the Bad An l Dem Georgiana Francisco to act in a cathedral setting rather than the usual
an enduring theatre masterpiece. middle of the Renaissance. Reality is how Marlowe Viewed v w gglé Man David Chllds theatre or auditorium stage. This is the opportunity
Marlowe was considered an angry young man of his day magic and Hell — Renaissance man was often preoccupied C: nail“ Luau r Jose h “was”, that is being given to a number oiState students in the
_ a rebel of conventional learning. The play is a symbol with these thoughts. lstrszholsa'r Empzmr Fm” Aw: Krakow“ forthcoming production of Marlowe’s "Dr. Faustus,”
of this rebellion against authority. For me ms! “m9, Marlowe m mg play, asserts the Mepmstopm’ns ’ Danny Labeme which is being given in Albany’s Cathedral of All
Faustus is the re-creatlon ofa man who sells his soul respons‘mmy o, the “lawman and the mpwtmce of the Rom“ Francis Enven Saints. The students who are participating in this
to the devil. The whole play reﬂects the popularity of Indwmuu Th” is m opposumn to the previous concept Rom“ (Dick) Dennis Willard production will experience problems and challenges
stories concerning man's contracts with the Devil in o, anemmcem anys superiors “in the Feud“ synem 2nd Scholar Horse_C°urser Jon Burden in adapting to this “foreign acting environment."
Renaissance literature. This theme has been used by the dummy cum“ and even  ’ Beezlebub but,de Jam 5 Economldes The cast is composed of Students from wide back.
609"”: “mnr waning?“ I'Vlngl and G°mmd Faustus was in an awkward position in time. and as a Pride Caidinal Knight 8 Carl Cusato grounds' The snmng tact “om me cast is the num'
Faustus is a Doctor of Theology who is willing to sell result, was torn between two ideas. He wants power and Coveléusness, P’aramour, Hostess Alma Stacey her 0! News Who are taking part who are new to me
his soul to the Devil to gain superhuman powers, in- tries to face the world and rise above it, but yet recog- Envy, Devil Dona Epting 31:15:35;.yhnqdhegfatirellhfjsgl’gl thililigs'vgzglﬁt:
. .

finite wisdom, and the ability to probe the mysteries of nims his siniulness. He rebels against the authority of Sloth, Dev“ Marque Woifson James Economjdes’ who 15 a "-eshman’ is playing

the Universe. He hopes to have powers equal to those of God while admitting the justice of the doom he faces.

LeChel‘Y. D'lCheSS Luna" spampemm the dual roles of Eeezlebub and a Cardinal. He was

God. The required price is eventual damnation. Faustus' Excesses of the Renaissance were manifestations of a o 9 Walter Done“ _
lust for power. This lust is epitomized in Faustus who Archblsﬁop Alexander Steve Cornell/1 “My Impressed wm‘ the cathedral 59"“‘3-
Friar 3rd ’Scholar Attendant John Foils One of the returning veterans is Jon Barden, who
. .

reaction to the price is, “I think Hell‘s a table."

 

LFousfus

MEPHISTOPHILIS GATHERS devils around him to prepare for claiming Foustus' soul.

 

Faustus Consults tho scholar

Students Enioy Unique Stage Experience

plays the Horse-Courser and the second scholar. This
senior will not be facing the challengeofthe Cathedral
for the first time. He had a part in “Murder in the
Cathedral" when it was produced at the same Cathe-
dral two years ago.

Problem of Acoustics

Barden said that one of the main problems for the
actor in the Cathedral is acoustics. However, he em-
phasized the fact that this presents areal challenge to
the actor {or he must be conscious of his diction,
enunciate clearly, and modify his normal delivery.
He added that taking Marlowe’s play into the Cathedral
complements the entire production, since it puts it
into the context of its mood.

Danny Labeille, a graduate student, plays one ofthe
lead. roles; that of Mephistophliis. He felt that it was
an bxcellent way of reflecting the Renaissance spirit

is condemned to hell.

The play was performed in Rome
once with the Pops and the Cardi-
nals portrayed in burlesque style,
paying tribute to the passion of the
times. it was amidst the religious
and the political conﬂicts 'ofthetime

Friar, Attendant

Production Coordinator

John Langton

STUDENT l’litlat‘TIfa; STAFF

James Lobdell

Joyce Davis

that Marlowe lost his life. Light Crew Gall Glam“ “l. Keith lngies, Janice Newmnrk,
Marlowe‘s contemporaries la- Susan German, lift-hunt Metal, Dan Laheilie, John Langton,
belied him as an athiest, based on Carol “mutant Cypressi, Judith Lawrence
his plays. He seems to question Properties Mary Kehm. CBClle Guldole
Set Construction and Painting 1‘ Mina Peskanzer, Janice Newmark,

nature, creating three of his four
main characters in the play as
infidels. They all want knowledge,

Susan German, Sum "\I'1"“51. John Langton, Cecile Guidote,
Marcie Dai'vln, Lee Lies

of the play - going to the Cathe-
dral. He added that the fact that it
is a Cathedral is not being hidden.
The arches will frame the action,
while adding the austere atmos-
phere needed. Labeille said that
performing in the Cathedral gives
the actors so much more motiva-
tion than if it were in Page Hall.

Renaissance Style Used
He said that it is being done in
the style of the Renaissance travel-
ing troupe. The actors will come

power, and beauty and try to reach Sound Lee Liss- ,
beyond human limitations. Costumes Dennis ’l‘nlllv Paulo Michaela, Nancy Crawford ﬁghts]: ag‘ﬁiempigs SEES 13::
Faustus chose his own path to Make-up Lois Weissmnn number of characters m dual roles

power and ended in damnation. Mar-
lowe created tragedy out ofacoase-
lessouest for power.

The spirit of Faustus is that of

 

Box Office Treasurer

STUDENT MANntnuMENT STAFF

Maureen Dugan

 

reﬂects the Renaissance troupe idea
of all doing their share as it was
a job than.

Everyone in the cast feltbssically

  

   

Marlowe, for he too sought beauty Secretary “9’94"” Drake the same about th

a production - -i
mar-.2: raises: in: .. iiitéti‘i d « cnzn.wn::: an n  a  m    ' i -
of which Faustus probes deepest “Inwhm' House Manager Dona Epth.g 6°“ AM“ 331::(5: lflﬁeuwlhslgﬂgnggﬁﬂ "a a“ All"
into man's soul. Assistant MBPY Kemp never-to-be forgotten q a an

"'i;;..;;:_:--~~_—m "4.; 4...» -gso.c.w..».;s..-,.,...~..........~wm--a-u--I='r~ '

 

    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 

  
     
    
 
     
   

 



é
 1.3.x...

 
 

