 

 

 

 

 

 

Better wake up Mr. Smith. You still have three beer parties, two female, and two picnics to go to

yet before finals.

 

 

 

COMMUNICATIONS

 

 

 

Drama Professor Calls
ASP Editorial ignorant

To the Editor:

May I extend my sympathies to
you in regard to the unfortunate
and embarrassing public display of
ignorance-compounded-by-the-pet -
ulsnce revealed in the ASP's lead
editorial of April 24, “D & A,
Campus Viewpoint Budgets Need
Scrutiny.”

it is awkward to have the news-
paper and school and student body
so badly represented by a writer
who, although unidentified, seems
to be not only unknowiedgeable about
most of his subject matter but also
too transparently anti-intellectual
and culturally illiterate.

The regrettableness of this dis-
play is increased if we consider
ASP a barometer of the University’s
sophistication and taste, for, as you
realize, some of the remarks in
the editorial are (at least by im-
plication) nothing short of insulting
to the intelligence of an average
freshmen, let alone the upperclass-
man or the grad student.

.Assuming that the editorialist was
not parodying irresponsible jour-
nalism or merely tryingto stimulate
controversy for. its own sake — as-
suming, in short, that he was sincere
albiet misguided - you might try en-
lightening him on a few points re-
lating to his remarks on the theatre.

With tedious repetition the editor-
ialist sulks about State University
Theatre’s choice of major produc-
tions and thereby most glaring dis-
plays his, shali We say, naivete.

According to the editorialist, “the
faculty in the Drama division" (sic)
are unwilling “to produce plays

which would command an audience.”

The plays are not “by authors
known by students or of a nature
of interest to the students”; instead,
“most of the plays are of little
interest to non-devotees of theatre."

May I cite the authors and titles
of the major production at State
during the enrollment of the college
generation about to graduate this
June?

1960-61: EUGENE O’NEILL,
The Iceman Cometh; SOPHOCLES,
Oepidus Rex. l961-62: WILLIAM
SHAKESPEARE, Othello; HENDRIK
lBSEN, Ghosts; WILLIAM SARO-
YAN, The Beautiful People.

1962-63: T. S. ELIOT, Murder in
the Cathedral; J. M. SYNGE, Playboy
of the Western World ;JEAN GENET,
The Maids; ARNOLD WEINSTEIN,
Red Eye of Love, 1963-64: BER-
TOLT BRECHT,Good Woman of Set-
suon; JOHN DOS PASSOS, U. S. A.;
JEAN PAUL SARTRE,The Flies;
GEORGE KAISER, The Raft oi the
Medusa.

i trust that for most readers no
more be said, but for those of
the editorialist’s persuasion, may
I suggest that if these author’s
plays do not ‘ ‘command an audience”
or are not “of interest to the
students" it is a reflection not on
the plays, but on the mentality
of the audience, student or other-
wise.

The caiiber of the cited plays is,
should the truth be known, su-
perior to that of those produced in
most universities in this nation.
it is exactly plays such as these,
be assured, that students in many
of the nation's most elite univer-
sities argue and agitate to have
performed.

They feel that the plays they are

given are banal, trite and shallow.

You can appreciate, I trust, how
ironic it is to find an editorial
in a university publication advo-
cating a rejection of such plays as
cited. It is more than ironic. It
is frightening.

Let the editorialist reconsider
the fact that he is in a university,
presumably in order to receive a
higher education, presumably to
grow, to become more aware, to
be exposed to a host of new ideas,
values, traditions, and forms in
areas as diverse as those of busi-

, ness and the arts.

Let him reflect on what a uni-
versity by its very nature
hopefully stands for: a rejection of
the commonplace, of the facile, of
(indeed) the “popular”.

Let him try. to grasp that we
in University and/or Educational
Theatre in our own limited way,
with all due awareness of our short-
comings, of the discrepancies (sic)
between vision and fulfillment, try
to operate by such principles. .

Of the editorialist’s remarks con-
cerning the budgeting of monies
for the plays and our alleged “in-
efficiency” in producing them, lim-
itation of space prevents my doing
more than telling the editorialist
that if he thinks that four markedly
different productions can or should
be produced for equal sums of
money, he seems hardly capable
of judging the complexities of
budgeting a series of major
theatrical productions at the same
time as maintaining and replacing
an extensive inventory of theatre
equipment and supplies.

Points numbered 4 and 5 in the

(continued on page 10)

 

 

Albany Student Press

II'I'AILIIHID MAY III.
IV TH! CLAII OF iOII

 

 

The Albany 5tudent Press i
The ASP may be reached by. :l:ll:;vd
The ASP office, Ioceted in Room 5 ol Brubacher Nol ,

9-6

I.. The pet can

WILLIAM H. COLGAN — EDITH S. HARDY

KAREN E. KEEPER
Managing Editor

JACQUELINE R. ADAMS
Associate Editor

CYNTHIA A. GOODMAN
Associate Feature Editor

JOSEPH W. GALU
Senior Editor

JUDITN M. CONGER
Associate Technical Supervisor

CARREN A. ORSINI
Circulation Eschenge Editor

Co-Ediiors-in-Chiel

RONALD W. HAMILTON
Sports Editor

LINDA A. McCLOUD
Associate Editor

HAROLD L. LYNNE
Associate Sports Editor

JUDITH D. METCALF
utlnesl Manager

DOUGLAS 6. UPHAM
Photography Editor

o’er “bilehed by the student body of the State Unlverslt of New York at Albany.
also be reached by dialing Bru acher Hall at IV 2-3326.
is open from 7300 to ":00 pm. Sunday through Wednesday.

EARL G. SCHREEleR
Arts Itor

DEEORAH I. FRIEDMAN
ssoclate Editor

DAVID W. JENKS
Executive Editor

JOHN M. HUNTER
Advertising Manager

JOANNE C. SOBIK
Consultant Advertising Editor

SUSAN J. THOMSON
Public Relations Editor

 

 
 

Assistant  Josep Sliverman None Bligh
Dull Editor ., ........Eiie'lt Bria: Mor'yLou ianese
Columnists .... .. .....Pou| Jensen, Joseph Games, Pot Fosano, Kathy Brophy, Alert Delilnl, Steven Curtl, John
Marion, J. R or Lee I L t

Reporters .................. ..Elieen Manning, Linda Beusse, Beth Boyd, Rosemary] Monsour, Lynn KurthﬁaDlane’Janneoh;
5am Cypressi, llllum Smith, William Gray, Gory Kaplon

Photographers

All communications must h- addressed to the Editor and must be signed.

 ..........Dennie Church, Richard Loher. Joseph Mohay

Names will be withheld on request. The

Albany Student Press assumes no responsibility for opinions expressed in its columns or communications, as such
expressions do not necessarily reflect it’ views.

v........n.... needs new

 

sin
I A yearly handbook such as Campus Viewpoint can be
justified only if it is essentially new and different eacip .
year. While the exclusion of the long-standing traditio

of Rivalryand the increased coverage of the new cam-
pus warrant a new Viewpoint next year, we feel that its
format should be changed so that it canbe used for many
years to come.

In its present form the Viewpoint becomes outdated
every year, for it includes the pictures and names of
,the leaders of campus activities. While this gives good
publicity to the people involved, it is not necessary to
the purpose of the handbook.

The handbook will fulfill its function equally well by
describing the activities available on campus and leaving
out the names of the officers. The names mean littleo
or nothing to incoming freshmen, and interested upper-
clas'smen will already know the campus leaders. In
this way the handbook could be used unchanged for
many years.

If the Editor of iCampus Viewpoint does not feel that
these changes will benefit the publication, as well as
the Student Association budget, we suggest that he
consider publishing a handbook catering entirely to
the incoming freshmen. This would presumably contain
the names of organization officers, and other informa-
tion relevant to introducing the freshmen to the cam—
pus.

Such a handbook would be useful only to freshmen,
and thus a much smaller amount of copies would be
needed. ‘

We feel that the first alternative is the most realistic
for all concerned. It will save money in the long run,”
and will provide an accurate introduction to State life
for freshmen, and a continuing reference for upper—
classmen.

Informed Advisers Vital

Much confusion seems to exist among many students
over courses‘they may use to fill their requirements.
This confusion is not always being cleared up by their
advisors. Instead, “advice” seems to compound the
confusion.

The most confusion occurs over the double counting
of a course toward both a major and the general liberal
arts requirement. An advisor in one department will.)
allow a certain course to count on a requirement, while
an advisor in- another will tell a student that the course
cannot be counted. When the students compare notes,
they wind up worse off than before.

Many changes have been made in the past few years
as departments expanded. Inevitably it takes time for
people to adjust their thinking to these changes. How—
ever, we feel that it is vital for advisors to inform
themselves of the requirements of all departments so
that they can adequately counsel their advisees.

It would be most unfortunate if a senior were pre—
vented from graduation because of an error made by
his advisor in approving courses he took to fulfill
requirements.

Students, Keep Silent

In cooperation with the administration, we of the
ASP would like to join in urging all students not to let
the names of the new dorms leak out to the public.

The information given in the UCA Bulletin this week
was false according to Dean David Hartley. Ryckman.
Beverwyck, Bleeker, Van Rensselaer and Stuyvesant
are not the official names of the halls and tower on the
new campus. They were only suggested and usedfor ex—
pediency when the students picked their living quarters
for next year.

 

- c

e>t

. i

Official approval of all names and other crucial de—
cisions must be given by the Board of Trustees of the
State University of New York, Dr, Hartley fears that .
the Board will be offended if we presume to have made
the names official without their sanction.

We, therefore, emphasize our concern that the fol—
lowing names not be made public: Ryckman, Stuyvesant,
Van Renssclaer, Blocker, and Beverwyck. Do not let
it slip out that our University is considering naming
other quadrangles for New York State governors or
United States Presidents.

An information leak at this time could prOVc (lis—
astrous to the plans of our University officials. Tth
really want the names of Van Iienssclzter, Stuyvesant.
Blocker, Beverwyck, and Ryckman to be approvedg Q
We do not want the students of this University to
be accused of causing the ndministratltm any difficulty
in this important matter.

 

1 Peace Corps Supplement

'ssrssssirrresrarest»stasissassassswsssssisssrsrrrssssgs'A

PEACE CORPS NEW

 

 

VOL. 2 NO. 2

 

A Special College Supplement

Corps Seeks June Grads-
But Myths Still Persist

New Hampshire, teaches art, English and home economics in Nepal.
Here she ford: a river with her bike on the way to school. As usual,

she got her feet wet.

Scholarships Available, Too

 

Returned Volunteers

Flooded With Offers

When the first wave of Peace
Corps Volunteers was channeled
into several developing countries
in 1961, service in the Corps was
a risky business.

There was no assurance that a
two-year stint in the Peace Corps
would be anything but a liability
to onc‘s career. The organization
was operating as a temporary agency
under an executive order. Many
Congressmen were skeptical about
the program, thinking that it might
become a haven for wild-eyed ex-
trcmixls and draft-dodgers.

Lust yuan: when the first l’cucc
(‘orps Vuluutccrs rclurncd It) thc
United States, ihcit' gzuublc paid
off. lob oil'crs us well its grunt and
fclluvtship‘uppm‘lunilics puurcd in.

Major induslrics made it clear lhnl
lhcy Viitlli returning l’cucc ('urps
Vuluulccrs It) consider the busincxs
Will'lLl bcl'ot'c l'uruulhtliug plum for
fhcu‘ life‘s work.

chciinn in the l’cucc ( urps was
almost uuivcraully lnvrn'ublc. lhc

mluuuisliullun Wils plcuscil, uncut-a
burs ol (bugrcxs plctlgctl lull sup—l
purl nml cduculors shouted plum.

lullll Munro, dcnu ul llill'\‘.llil
('ullcgc, said that “two yours with
the l’cucc ('ur'ps today can bc us
\lglulicuul us it l‘llltlillﬁh Scholar-
ship."

lhc President of lllM Sillil if was
clcau‘ it) bun “that lllt‘lllltt‘h of lhc
l’cncc (‘m‘ps will be put licuhu‘ly cm
pluyuhlc whcu lhcy cumplcic thcir
tours of duly. 'lhcy will have
tlcilmnsil‘ulcd lllcll' ability in lithC
on tough jobs under cklrcrucly

difficult circumsiuuccs and to ful-

 

tion. There are never enough people
of this kind available in any enter-
prise."

The response to Peace Corps
Volunteers, according to Dr. Robert
Culvert, director of the Career in-
formation Service, “has been ex-
ccllcni. Colleges and business firms
have been enthusiastic."

Over 40 colleges have carmnrkcd
200 scholarships and fellowships
for returning Volunteers. Social
welfare agencies, youth organiza-
tions and service projects have ex-

(Crmlimred on page 2)

 

“Waiting for the college gradu-
ations in June is like waiting for
the kick-off in the Rose Bowl
Game," according to one Peace
Corps ofﬁcial. “When the whistle
blows it really breaks loose."

The ofﬁcial, Jules Pagano, Dep-
uty Director of Training for the
Peace Corps, explained that the
Corps expects to recruit the bulk
of the 6,000 Volunteers needed by
September from the June gradu-
ating classes.

 

“We have 75 different programs
scheduled to begin right after
graduation," he said. “The slots for
the 3,000 Volunteers returning this
year will have to be reﬁlled in addi-
tion to the 3,000 new jobs being
created. All we have to do is get
people to apply."

The biggest problem, according
to Pagano, is dispelling some of
the myths that have grown up about
what the Corps looks for in Volun-
tecrs.

Peace Corps Initiates
Senior Year Program

A strong dose of hard work for
little pay is being offered to 800
college juniors this summer by the
Peace Corps.

The newly-established program
will provide six to eight weeks of
intensive summer training for col-
lege juniors who are planning to
join the Corps after graduation. Six
individual study areas have been
arranged at six American universi-
ties for the summer project. The
programs will emphasize language
training and the development of

skills which will be needed in
projected overseas Peace Corps
projects.

The six plans will provide train-
ing for:

0 Secondary school teachers for
English-speaking Africa

0 Secondary school teachers for
French-speaking Africa

0 Urban community. develop-
ment workers for Spanish-speaking
Latin America

0 Rural community develop-
ment workers for Spanish-speaking
Latin America

0 Teachers of English us a
foreign language

0 Volunteers who must learn

I I.
'i

 

 

exotic languages not ordinarily
taught in American colleges

Each of the six training programs
will also include courses in physi-
cal education, health education,
American studies and Peace Corps
orientation.

The students’ home colleges will
be asked to evaluate the summer
program with a view toward grant-
ing credit for participants.

Juniors selected for the summer
program will receive allowances to
cover transportation. At the uni-
versity training site. they will re-
ceivc room and board, and a
modest living allowance.

in the spring of 1965, those who
have undertaken—and survived—
the summer training will be noti-
ﬁed as to which project they will
be assigned.

A brief training period and ﬁnal
Peace Corps selection will follow
the Voluntccr's graduation. A suc-
cessful applicant can expect to be
overseas about ()0 days after rc-
cciving his diploma.

Applicants for whom there is no
room in the summer program will
be processed in the regular manner
for programs starting after their
graduation date.

 

Mary Jo Weeks, a graduate of Southern Methodist University, has organized her pupils Into a Girl Guide
‘unli in North Borneo. She and her husband live at Mile Ten, a remote village under the shoulder of spec-
low them through in their mmplc r laculgr 13,000 foot Mt, Kinabalu,

 

 

 

‘ SPRING, 1964’

“Too many students think that
all we need are people who know
how to drive tractors, grow rice or
prune trees. This is false. Liberal
arts graduates, no matter what their
major, are constantly needed.

"It‘s the liberal arts graduates,"
he said, "who ﬁll the bulk of teach-
ing assignments and who will be
needed to help ﬁll the backlog of
requests for educational assistance
in Latin America and other areas.
Many of our community develop-
ment workers are graduates with
liberal arts backgrounds.

“The weird part about it," said
Pagano, “is the fantastic oppor-
tunities being offered to some of
the Volunteers overseas. Many
Volunteers with only bachelors‘ de-
grees are being assigned as univer-
sity faculty members. The demand
for anybody who can teach the
English language is terriﬁc. Where
else can anybody with a B.A. get a
chance to teach at this level?

“Naturally most of the Volun-
lccrs assigned to te'aching jobs work
at the secondary level, but even
this is unbeatable for giving the
feeling that you are actually ac-
complishing something."

Educational programs will be ex-
panding in Latin America, a region
which previously requested mostly
community development workers.

Another misconception held by
many college students is that an
applicant must be proﬁcient in a
foreign language.

“Many overseas assignments re-
quire only English," according to
Pagano. “In some countries, Eng-
lish is the official language and
much of our classroom teaching is
done in English."

If a foreign language is needed,
the Peace Corps will teach it to
the Volunteer. “It is pretty ridicu-
lous to expect the normal college
graduate to know any Bengali,
Arabic or Swahili," Paguno said.

(Continued on page 2)

The Editors

This special Peace Corps college
supplement—distributcd by the nu-
lion's collcgc nch'pnpcrs to nearly
a million college students—was
written and edited for the Peace
Corps by four college editors.

The four who spent a week at
lhc Peace Corps Washington bead-
quurtcrs preparing this supplement
wcrc:

'l‘om Dchics, editor emeritus of
the Roosevelt "l‘urch (Roosevelt
University, Chicago); iivcrclie Den-
nis, cdliur of the Oregon Daily
Emerald (University of Oregon);
'l‘om Douughuc. editor of the BU
News (lioslon UlllVCl‘sli/l; and
Dave Mchcly, editor of the Daily
'l‘cxun (University of Texas).

The supplement, a Peace Corps
publication, is being distributed to
college newspapers in cooperation
with the newspapers, the U.S. Stu-
dent Press Association and the

 

Associated Collegiate Press.

   

       
      
          
      

 
   
    
      
   

 

