 

 

. “Mum:

more: 12
Movie Review

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 28. 1964

'Seven Days in May’ Better
Melodrama Than Morality Play

by Paul Jonson

There are two films now in re-
lease that deal with threats to this
country and its government. One.
Dr. Stran elove: or How I Learned
to Stop Warrying and Love the Bomb,
deals with the one error, or insane
officer, that could touch off a nu-
clear war (more onthis film another
week). With this basis, it would fall
in the same group as .01 the Beach
and other such pictures.

The second film, Seven Days in
May. was shown in Albany lastweek,
In it the President (Fredric March)
is about to sign a disarmament pact
with Russia.

While Congress has approved it,
the majority of the people are against
the treaty, and the Chairman of the
Joint Chiefs of Staff (Burt Lancas-
ter) so fears that it willmeanasur-
prise attack by Russia that he in-
tends to take control of the govern-
ment.

A Question of Time

The question at issue here, how-
ever, is not The Bomb and the
relative safety of its being banned,
or kept as a deterrent. The valid—
ity of the President’s treaty is
never really questioned (it is pre-
sented as a very practical one).
The issue is whether Lancaster,
disagreeing so violently with the
treaty that he fears it will mean
the end of his country and having
such a majority of the people be-
hind him that he wouid surely be-
come president at the next election,
would in any way have Justification
to seize control of the country
immediately. Or should he wait until
elections, even though he devouin

believes there would be no country
then?

This question is brought up at
only a few points during the film,
including the somewhat preachy con-
clusion. It is generally ignored, and
never really tackled, and the story
is presented almost solely as a
melodrama — though a fairly ex-
citing one — iii which Lancaster,
while not an out-and-out villain, is
nonetheless definitely in the wrong.

Not of Morals
Since it avoids the problem of
The Bomb, and only superficially
attacks the one it does present, the
film has no stature as a drama with
any sort of meaning.
But as a melodrama, it is quite

Fredric March gives President
Lyman a sense of reality and pro-
jects some ofthe weight of the office.
Ava Gardner, in a small role, is
adequate and utilitarian. Edmond
O’Brien’s Southern senator is a bit
too close to Charles Laughton’s in
Advise and Consent.

The script by Rod Serling offers
sharp dialog and some tense scenes,
as well as the sudden, unprepared—
l'or arrival of a piece of evidence
that saves the day.

Direction ingenious
John F‘raiikenheiiiier's direction
is strong, anti in individual scenes
very good intleed. At one point,
as Douglas secretly tixaiiiinesamap
iii Lancaster's office, the latter
can be seen approaching down a

 

 

Arts S
Secti

\

 

 

 

effective, though the patriotic
speeches detract from the suspense
and excitement.

The picture has what could be
termed ll “quality” cast. The char—
acters played by Kirk Douglas, as
the officer who first suspects the
conspiracy, and Lancaster lack di-
mension and depth, but the physical
details of acting are smooth.

Search for New Music Forms
Uncovers Weird Instruments

by Stu Salomon

Some roots of folk music extend
themselves deep into the poverty
stricken areas of the Negro South.
It has been this area that produced
such leading folk musicians as the
lteyereiid Gary DaVis, Brownie Mc—
Gee. and Blind Lemon Jefferson.

lteccntly, iiitisicologists have iii—
tently studied the forenamed musi—
cians and their particular style of
music a whiskey raw blues that
bewails of misery and loneliness
and which is accompanied by an
equally lonoly. though yyoll-pltiyed,
guitar.

It has bet-ii tln- itlitos which liaye
roceiycd most of tho nttontton of
those hardy pnoplo who tiol. intotho
backwoods ui'iiiotl oiil'. \yitb it-cyiid—
iiitl, iiisti‘tlliioiits

Recent Revival

Uiin ioyoiitly has any tilll‘llllil
llUt'li iii.ido io popnluii/o .inotht-i
form of music with h is yoiy tillll-
inon to thesis iuitil ui'oas. l‘hir.
musit, c.illod pig music. is pio—
dnct-d by ‘yyt‘ll'l itllll \.iiicd assort—
incnts oi iinpioyiscd instiiiiiicntu.

ii is pint-ity that causes wash—
boai'b. tomb .iiid tlS‘dltl papci ku—
/.oo‘. and teiiipt, uoda btiitltes to bc
oxanyplio. oi tine instruments used
iti this tii.il~.i~‘.iilit tilt.

lloyyoyt-i in tho pust tow yoais
their h.i.o by-on .y toyy gionps who
omitted to lt".l.t- oi intboi poptir
ltlll/t‘ this buyyyt. l~iiissy typo ot
lllll'yll.

Shiiting yyith tho .‘y‘y-yy l.o-.i tit,

. .__._.......- ._

 

“The moral failure of Protestant Capitalism has
produced the biggest sexual nuthouse' since the

Middle Ages" —~« John Osborne.

Itaiiiblers, Old-’I‘ltney music was
again played (Old-’I‘imey is an off-
shoot of Jug and bluegrass music)
on the traditional fiddle and the
five-string banjo. iliit more ro—
contly, actually williin the past six
months, an hcntic tug bands hogan
to form equipped With washboards,
ly'tl/iitih' and rag-time guitars.

Revival in College

.liiii lnytiskin, ti studont of llosion
Uiiiyersity. formed oiyo highly suc-
cessful you, bend winch operates in
the “award ai'oa. llis album, Jim
Kwoskin and the Juq Band, has ro-
t't‘thltl both popular and financial
support from the nation’sfolkniiisic
enthusiasts.

i' roni the New Yoik (‘1iyaroa,tho
most dynamic group to eniorgo was
tht- l-Iy'on lio/on Jug llnnd. 'l‘hc
gionp doiiycs its iniiiio from the
snnplo tact ihnt it tho. twclyc moni—
bors, Attor sot-tin; tho group, llllll
lyt'lllt', porsonally ucipiaintod \y'tth
‘yiilllt‘ of its monitors. luiii sonic-
yylittl prejudiced lll their layor,

Afo-r tit-tiring nuiiibois such .i~.
"'l‘.iky~ Your l"ingors Hit it” and
“(Loisotin Stomp" on tho album
Tho Evan Dozen Juq Bond, i think
on thy- Intuiy. of NW“ yyt.ility thoy
uit- not thy ot ~.uppoit.

l'lio popiiluiity ol' yin: bands lyii‘.
failt-d noinoyyhnt Ihoii ‘iillltit‘li .ip—

potiianto \\.l‘: .i git-.ii noyt-ii. on
tho lolk littl‘yll mono. ltui own if
Ilio'. illt' littlo lithll'l oi ii in .i

itill iii.it tin-. llt‘llll'll lll illnpldt it
illll‘.il .-.l.iyiy yy.i~. and still in ii
|i.ih, piiit oi thi- Sotilhoiti Ni-pio

- HALL Unbltili

 

hallway by way of a closed—circuit
television set, part ofacomniumca-
lions system. Douglas, withhisback
to the set, is unaware and suspense
is built nicely by this unusualiueth-
od, which eliminatescuttingbetwoen
Douglas in the office and Lancaster
approaching.

Frankenheiiner, who received his
training in television, is one of the
better directors working in llolly-
wood. Althoughat timeshis camera-
work doesn’t havetlieeft’ectdesired,
he, at least, has the courage and
ingenuity to attack his material in
new and different ways.

ills direction Works in this case,
as it did in his earlier Bird Man
of Alcatraz. Unfortunately, the
cumulative effect is soiiiowhat di-
minished by the limited. but un-
certain moralizmg.

on .6 $219 6
:AIthASANO

If you have been in Richardson 291 during the past
week you may have noticed a number of people in
sweatshirts and dungarees, armed with screwdrivers,
hammers, nails, paints, and light bulbs. They are the
cast and crew of the State University Theatre pro-
duction of The Flies, and the set they have constructed
is something they can be proud of.

Set design for the Theatre is under the direction of
Mr. John J. Moore, a new member of the faculty. In a
discussion of his set I asked Mr. Moore to give some
of the reasons he chose this particular design. He
stated, “The Flies has a Greek format, but it is not
a Greek play. There are many illusions created. But
they are not an attempt to make it real. It is a highly
theatrical presentation.

Timelessness of Theme and Effects

In may instances, there are special effects used.
For example, there is a strange intermixtureofmodern
and ancient weapons used to achieve a particular dra-
matic effect or statement. Effects are intended to
surprise and encompass the audience and bring them
into the play, but all effects are intended fakery.”

The people working on the set feel it is almost alive
because there is so much going on, it becomes an
integral part of the play. Platforms and levels were
designed specifically to help the groupings of actors
and to create interesting relationships between the
actors and between the actors and the audience. Cos—
tumes, too, are a combination of Greek and modern
dress, not for authenticity’s sake, but to make a state-
ment.

No Specific Setting

I asked Mr. Moore if The Flies has ever been staged
in this manner before. He stated, “We have inter-
preted the play visually as best we can. But it could
be done entirely differently if it were being done on
Page stage. We have to utilize the facilities we have
as best we can. We have even sacrificedaudience space.
But it is our intent to present this as a highly theatrical
production. A Greek setting is not important because
the basic philosophy is true, no matter what period we
are in. it is the story of the struggle for man’s free-
dom.”

Mr. Moore concluded, “This Show is of, for, and by
the theatre. it is our answer to Cinerama.”

French Author Adapts Orestes Legend

'l'ho yy‘oild of The Flies is not
pleasant: mini is continually stif-
fnring. the gods nro capricious,
.ind oyil :iinl initiod iiiuiniuiti tlit.l
natural oidor lll tho yvorld.

'l‘lio play is looson basz upon
thy- logonyi ol' Urcstos. 'l'lio iiilti-
dot of Urostos’ tuttior Agatiioiiiiion
ililtl the son's stibsoqttont t‘oyciigti
roninin, byit iiyticb nioio this been
i‘tillllllt‘txfyt'tl \t‘ltliili tho ltiillic of
itll‘. iol.itiyt\l\ siniplo plot.

Sinco .-\i',iiinoninon’s death, u
plugltc of links ibis booty ilpoii digits.
With llit' flit-s is Aogisthous‘ guilt
\ylilyli llt‘ I'lllll‘l'lh llptili llio popli-
liico. who lli lllt‘ .inniyoisaiy of tho

iiiiiidoi . publicly ionfoss .indii-poiit
foi all then ciiinos in hon/toil
ttli\l('l\.

Files and Guilt

'l'ho I'lit-u .iinl thy-poi nillll\(|,1l\(|l"
liint'llti,‘ *it'h‘ytt oi ynilt ioniinst
.iinl lltt“.li to form :in iinpotyclidblc
not iordiit'iioy- lit'l‘itilldl lt.llll'|ltt“xh
.ind l'i'ooiloin.

llllti llil‘\ ‘.l‘|l.ll|li|i yyilllt". Ult'slt'w
to .iyoiii1o his l.iltn-i in tho din--
,{iiisi- oi l‘llllt‘lill‘i ho lllt‘t'l‘i his
‘.l‘.lt'l l'jly-y Illl and cm yilltill'l n Koliw.
Hoyt-.iliny: his idi-nii . ltt‘ niyndois
lil‘. iiiothui illlll -'\t'y‘l‘illlt‘ll.‘i dial is
subsoqnontly plagued by tho film.
and by tho l‘tlllt‘h‘.

/t'll‘- in it it ightoning onibodinn-nt
til t".ll, li.ilt!, tilid (taillil, llt! lllt‘h

to lt“tll lt‘t iiion's flt't'tltilll, knowing.

that it they ioiili/o llli'll unit-pond
Ulltt', Ilioy yyill cast oll 'lltl pods.
The nature ho lni--. tlt'tllt'll ilii iy‘os
upon hatred and suitoi uni, iltlll Anus
tinr. tin lllhullillilt‘ passion ioi oidoi
llt his yyoi id.

Acgislhcns disi iipiod tho oidci in
At gm. .tlitl must noyy bo snbyccii-d to
tho toiiiblc oidoi iiiiposod by his
emotions and sonsc ol guilt.

 

Paula Michaels as Electra and Richard Prybyzorslti as Orestes
star in Jean Paul Sartre's‘Tlte Flies.’

ity itii , (lioslos is thc iiiost t‘iilll‘
pies and iiitoiostingclhii .iy lot. by o-
gicssing trout u youthtul dosiite to
return to his niitiyo city but i’lallu
his i'ighltiil possessions to n \\llilt‘~
hot passion to tiyniigo his hilhoi’ry
innrdoi and assume the guilt and
roinotso of tho loyy‘tis—pooplo in
symbolic lliiil tyidoyn, ho undeigocs
a lltlbllt'ill li;iii>.loiinatioii into it
t‘hiist—iiguio.

Elocltu Not tliu Ideal

l-Ilociiii is Ibo only porno“ tiblt~
to moo thioiiydi tine t'lniap design
and yot l.‘-. ‘xllllttllttlttlttllﬁll .ittrtictoii
iliid tcpitlstid by Hi ostci.’ iiitclittyiiis.
Shit is it tltt‘iltil tin-d from Aeschylus’
noblo llt‘ltlllltl into a ..it'illiitiiig
iioitblo~iii.ikoi, ullt‘lltillt‘l‘y ttigtiig
.tlul ytisnyoyying th cult-h. own to the
point of dciiyiiyp tiny yoniicction in
thc doiildc iiiuidci.

 

 

 

 

  

A Free
University

A Free Press.

 
       
 

 Press

ik’ﬂ:

  
   

Support

 

State Fair

 

 

 

 

Senator Joseph Zaretzki (insert)

Wlt'slllllt', mutt-hos, gaint- booths,
and Skits Will lily‘lillillil this \U‘dl'H
State l'nii. Shito’s traditional
y'ersion of n county lair yyill get
undoryvay ill 7:00 pm. tonyoriow
night in l’ago Hall and tho lowor
llllSttui cafeteria.

'l‘hte hair’s theiiie--l.niin Aniorit-a
focuses attention on one ol State’s
foreign t‘xt'lltllliic students, Marly
Macl-‘urlanc. Miss Macl‘arluiic
coinos to Sinto fioni ltrazil. All
funds riiisod .it tho l-uii \y'ill go
lot. not support yy'hilc attending this
Uniycisity.

Gtiiiimti Kup Skit
'l'lio ban “.1” opt-n at 'iztltl p.ni.
With it skit by tho slsioi's ot (ittlllllltl
lynppn I’m in l’zige llall. At 7:1tt) the
booths yyill opon in loyy'or llusiod.

in addition thionghoiil tho oyii—

tillti‘ tho tin-n ot l’oitoi t'lub at'o
Ht'llt‘tllllt‘tl Iii lilt“.l'lll yylontllliy', c,\~
ltll liltins iiy ll,t' ( oiiyiiioiis.

l‘ho 1-.in Will bo highligho-d by
tho {\li. Hidto l‘.l|l (tilllt‘hl. l'bo
it‘vt‘ Itllllt'ilyiltl‘i itil Iiit- t‘ii'yt‘It-tl
'ltly' \\ill .tpptuit .ll tiic l'tlll dcy lycd
out in coloitul Itihllllllt'h, Siudonts
yyill dctoiinino tho \y'iniioi by tho
.iinotiiil oi iiioiit-y tin-y form into the
|.tl ol ouch y onti-iidoi

‘l'bo clhiii iii.iii of this yotii ’r. l'tlll
y. l‘ni l‘:lmiliti 'tiz'i. Assisting hor
.y , tiblit‘llSlllt'lh yyill boituthSoigcl

0n the I nsi den

Great Debate 2
First l0 Days 3
Senate Wrap-Up 4
Election Tabulations 5
7
8
9
l

 

 

CI in Laos

SCIT .
Underworld Machinery
Sports , ill-l

  

co-sponsored the anti-tuition amendment which was defeated in the
State Legislature Tuesday. The vote on the Assembly floor (above) was 7l-66.

Wrestling, Skits, Booths Highlight
Tomorrow’s State Fair Activities

l"nir must iopoii liillitil'lti\\’lit‘l\\‘t't‘ll

’tiﬁ and William Laundry Hill. The
socrctary is Aim liigncy ’t'it}.

Pledges Pitch In
'l'lit' pitidytcs iii Aim and l‘il'Il’
ti.itt-rnitios Will Work on soiling
up the fair shitting ioiiioii'ow
iiioiniiyg. 'l'ho pledges of Kit, SLS,
and 'l'XU \\1il litiiydlc Ilit- ilcttiillig
llli t'litil (’5.

la‘ncb icioiip participating lli tin-

Fund Drive Begins Soon
Goal of $1000 Sought

Sotiiinni . iyt‘l'llilillii’, this \vookcnd

Soon. to tho l’oiiy.iylt~~.,studonts
\t’lll lytl\t‘illitili|itll titiiity toconii ibutc
to tho \iiti'l lit‘;'l.‘y||.lll|tll l’ltiiocl.
.\ it-iilixi-yl goal of $1.titltlyyilloinibli-

.tho \ltl’ to ‘it‘llll tyy'o ionhis of ll\t‘

study-nix t~.ich to itnloipb, Noith
('ni olii..i ylill iiip Spi lili‘ lil‘t‘t‘h‘r.

Him I‘ tho tt-nnb. yvtlltnt~.y-po5iiiyi-
action in tho yiiusii ol ci.il tights
by oncouingiiyg cligiblo .iduliy. iii
Negro nt-iphboiboods to iogistoi
.ltid \Lllt'

'l‘lio lt‘ttltl‘i Will go gin lt‘lil‘t“.t'lt
|.ili\c,‘. oi llll‘ Stine thyiyt-isiiy of
Non \oik .iI .-\lb:uiy. l'hoiofoio,
tho l’l tiji‘t‘l only-nits litilit'llitll finan—
t‘lill suppoii \\‘lll toiuo piiinuilly
{tom the studony body

liti\\t-ycl, they uio tilso appealing
to lllt‘llllittl‘x ol the faculty .it State
iiiin to yliitichos .iiid oigyiiii/ntlons
lit the Albany .iit-ti.

Sciuinurs Start

'l'woiity \tillllllut‘lh tiio iioyy on~
g.i;‘.c,yl in gntheiiny thti iy-souicly
lll‘t't‘h.‘nll\ tii gnu ttic lctilllb hill»
llt lt'lll ltylt'lyy'liitllltilttl tht-ii rtynyuss.

MARCH 6. 1964

ymied in Committee

fined Iyy'o dollni 5..

llzilt) p,ui. 'l‘ho lino for
\itilililtill of this rulo is fiycdollars.

to State yy'oinon attending the bait.

yyill doul yyithioycisti tllltilidllyl yoting
,ibi- subtbitiosoldisci int»

.Ili'dl bnyo to lt‘illli llll'
tot hiiiypios oi nony yoloid .tt lion.

l'bo ton ti~.itii iiiciiitoi -.

tin- knoyy'iodyo \yhicti tho tini—
\tl‘..st|l s Illllhl pimotihh.

Appllﬂ'lllll‘, Scrcciicd

l'iintl \Ult‘t'lltyli yyill l'ye dono by it
sci ooning bo.ii d and Will be b.ysod oiy
indiyidiinl's pi optii'cdnoss and
oycinill iiilitiidu.
includo Dr. Joan Syliiilt/.
Schmidt. Ml s. llolen lltil'tinU, Hey,
liillltltill Ntigent, ituy. Frank Snow,
and Dr. liiiuiel Udcll

ltey. Snow liilS llitllt nicd that stu-
lyil' lit‘llillig with the it'—

setii ch Woik illilltilllttl picpai Litions.
llo asks iii.ii .inyonc intuit-stud coii~

VOL. L. NOA

 

Assembly Defeats Move to Bring

Abrams-Zaretzlii

Bill (into Floor

by Linda McCioud

The State Assembly Tuesday defeated aDemocratic
proposal to remove the Abrams~7.aretzki amendment
to the State Education Law from the Ways and Means
Committee. The bill would have declared mandated
free tuition in the State University a fixed policy of

the State of New York.

The 33—2!" vote in the
Senate followed party lines.
in the Assembly, Alfred l).
Lerner of Jamaica was the
only Republican to break
ranks and vote for the bill.
The vote in the Assembly
was 71-66.

The bill would have amended
the State Education Law “
declare it state policy that

to

benefits of collegiate education
be furnished gratuitously to all
undergraduates attending every
community, statutory or contract
college or institution under
iurisdiction of State University
or State University trustees and
to require the law revision com-
mission to draft and recommend
to the V965 Legislature bills

proposing such amendments

or repeals."

Kills Free Tuition

'l'hc doiont of tho lJeiiiot-rziticiii.iii—
oiiyor ol'iocti'.t-l\ kills any chunco
oi tho l't'ltllll oi tit-o illllltilt in
tho Stutti Uiyiyoisii; this your. The
itopublicnn litlll‘. bun uiippoitoyl
tuition sinct- it has imposodliiai Sop-
ioniboi,

'l‘ho llt‘llitit‘ltllS ii lllt‘ Stuto, in—
cludini' {\lziyor ltoboit ii. Wagiitii
of Now Yolk (‘iiy llil\t,‘ come out
lli nuppoii oi trtio litltion, Wagiioi
bun til-.o boon bnitling Willi lllt'
Stuto itonid oi litigious to prosoi \o
the no—iniiioii siaiiisthot'iiy t‘ollcgo
of Now York (by (t‘t‘Nl'Miicst-nily
l‘ll']tl\»‘7.

'l‘bi- .r\biniii'y—Liiiot/ki bill \\.is

considered a key in the struggle
to return tuition to the State Uni-
\cl‘Slty and guarantee it zit CCNY.

Republican Maiority

The Ways and Means Committee
contains a cloar-cui Republicanuia-
yoriiy of two-thirds plus one.
Chances of the Abrams-Zaretzki
bill being released to the Assembly
floor by this committee are non-
existent.

Pressure had beenbrought tobear
on the Republicans in thecoiiiniittee
by (Tch'i’ students in recent weeks
to break party discipline and Vote
foi this bill.

City College students must now
follow through on their promise
to carry on their aiiii—tuiiioii fight
iiiiiil the Noyciiilict elections.

Thruway Motel Meeting

Last Monday the 'l‘hruway Motel
in Albany was tho sue of n iiiooiing
oi lllt‘ ( ('NY Alumni llourd to map
out stinicgy. 'l‘hc l’rosidont of ilie
('L’Nl‘ \llldt‘iit body [Jan ly'atkin,
is supporting this action.

At tho Monday int-tiling chief
sponkors iiitludcd Asst-iiiblynian
.‘\lcl\ illo Abi unis andSonator.losoph
/.lilt‘l.’l\l who spoko lll fiiyor of
thoii niiiondinciit. liornard .‘ylarx
lcpl‘ti‘ti-litoti hlziytil' \lvtlitllcl.

l‘itll‘llt’l this iiionih tho (t‘.\'\'
stlldtilils obtninod a yoio oi con—
fltlt‘ltt c lioni tho (font't-doi'iiied Stu—
doni Goyoinniont of tho Stiitt- Uni—
yoisity for tin-yr anti-tuition catn-
pnngn.

Albany was the only ntciiiboi of
tho ('ttllitétit'l‘tllltill to \oto against
thc proposal. The Albany deli-gat—
ion. consisting of Ann lligiicy ‘titi,
.lo.ni ('liirk ’tttt. .liiii Miles WM,
and All l‘t‘l'l'dl'i ’ttti ihioiigh that

(continued on page l2)

Junior Weekend Features tliietta
Prom tlueen Elections Next Week

ll‘iyo lithiltsls toi tho iiilo oi
.lnnioi l'roni LJiioon yyill bothost-n
in pi t‘llllllllitl\ olociions this work
i-‘innl btillotiny' yyill hikoplnt o l‘nos-
dtiy 'dIid \Vt‘tlllt'ﬁtldl llillyopt-lthltth.

.Jttiiioi Wot-kond yyill l‘t'l‘dll noxt
l'i'iddy, Mulch iii, With it loi‘iiiul
danco. 'l'lie thinco \\'lll ho bold iit
tho \.int‘utloi lloiel inSchoncctndy
tioni '1 pin. lllllll l .i.in. ltuddy
Mommy's bzuid yyill pioyido tho
mush .n-niind .i burkgioinid of
"Mtitlllli Ruthie.”

Odctia in Concert

A llt'lyt'l itisl iii flit} .i i'yiltliltt \Vlll
gi nut ndiniitnnco to ioth the formal
and the informal yylnyb yyill be held
Saint day night at the lwnmore Hotel.
The t'tiinpus i onnis yyill proyidothe
music ioi \ltiltillli', lioin ti p.in. to
12 midnight.» l‘iy kcl‘» ioi the iiitoi a
iii.il .ilono cont dill poi «onplo.

l‘ho yttliit'lt on Sunday in l’.igo
\y'ill finituio Udottu, .y Negro iolk-
siiigi-i, it Will bopin at it p.ni. l’lltt.‘
ol titkots ioi titlctin’s conceit is
$1! poi poison.

Ticket Salas

l)l.tll Uyoi by ’0'} t'U-t huii mun alt--
iiotityccs Ithit tickets for lhowcokctid
llltl noyy bciny' sold inthoporistylos.
’l'tn-y .lll' iiytulablo only to Juniors
tiiitil Itp.in. this uttciiiooii. On Mon-
duy lllltilty'li ’l‘linrsday, tickets yyill
be sold lioiii ltJ thin. to it p,iii,, and
Will by- .iy.yil.ible to all.

Jnniois in clniige oi coininiitocs
ioi thc Wcokciid at o liarb’l‘oyynsy-iiyl,
tickets and programs; ltobby l-lynns-
burg. hospitality, t'uiolyii Scliinoll,
Sunday concoi t, lid Wiilltt'l ,tJuoon’s
l’ioccsoioii, Linda Mct'lond, neyys-
pupci .ind l‘lrika Attt‘lt, publicity.

