 

 

PAGE 4

.. ... “Mash/minimmmm

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY.‘ JANUARY 10. 1964

Things They Never Told Us In ED. 20

Editor's Note:

Teachers Association Conference two weeks ago.

a teacher in one of the delegations.

at: a: i: it: i: it it it:
A list of students excused from classes today will be in the hallway
in front of Mrs. Wilson’s room across from the boy’s toilet and to the
west of Mr. Holler’s room. Thisis around the corner from Mr. Clark’s
room. Please sign your name to thislist so that we may know everybody
has looked at it. The names of the students who may be expected to at-
tend classes will be delivered the second period.
Please refer to this list tomorrow when checking attendance.
Teachers: Some of you have been using too much sugar in your morn-
Mr. Hearts reports that the books are off thirty cents. I
presume we know how to be discreet, in this matter. I hope we are to-

ing coffee.

gether on this.

Please stop sending your boys to the dean of girls and your girls to
the dean of boys. Everybody in the dean’s office is becoming confused.
The doors are plainly marked. This is a simple matter and can be
taken care of with a little more regard to sex. The statement, “without
regard to sex” applies only to the listing in your grade books and at-
tendance cards. For other exceptions see bulletin 10 and bulletin 43.
These were issued in February on the fourth and nineteenth respectively.

Passes Must be Destroyed

A girl was discovered with thirty-two hallpassesin her purse. There
was a pass to every room in the building. If we are to have fewer stu-
dents in the half we must destroy these passes.

This is a regular delayed third period. All students in sections 7-10,
7-8, 7-11, and 7-15 are to report to the auditorium. Sections 8-10,
8-12, 8-14, and 8-22 are to go to the rooms left vacant in that order.
The remaining classes will hear the program over the P. A. Marilyn
Shanahan will give a pep talk to the students who have been sitting in
the dean’s office all year. All groups are to be accompanied by their

homeroom teachers.

to reload her camera.
Extended Period

Send one-half of each homeroom to the ticket window to buy tickets.

Alternate the groups according to sections.
Miss MOore in charge

Jim JIM

POTTER CLUB

 

President John Lilga ’64, an—
nounced that on Sunday. December
15, a most successful open house
and reception was held for the fac-
ulty.

On Monday December 10, the
members of Potter Club voted uri—
aniiiiously to donate $40 from the
Club treasury for the Foster Child
Program of the State University
News.

On Monday, December 16, Potter
Club held its third annual Christ-
mas party for the boys of the La
Salle School. About thirty boys,
ranging in age from eight to twelve
years, attended the party held at
the Potter liouse.

They were served ice cream and
cake and presented With gifts. To
show their appreciation for Potter's
hospitality, the youngsters put on
several short skits,

ALPHA PHI ALPHA

PreSideiit Mike Goldsteiii ’64 an-
nounced that the followmg pledges
Were formally initiated into the
fraternity, Sunday, December 8:
John Clark. John liotaiing, John
Mormile, John Garwood, and Jim
ngate of the class of '05 and
Jim Cumming oi the class oi ’03.

PINE HILLS CLEANERS
340 Western Avenue
CLEANING and EXPERT
TAILORING
We Call arli Deliver

2-3134

 

 

 

 

 

(‘orner ONTARIO and BENSON

mum and
, eneeuuouse

DIAL 4-1126

' College Florist for Years

The following was passed out at a New York State

Miss Moore in charge

Someone painted a moustache on the tiger in front of the building.
This must have been the same person who cut the flagpole rope. There
will be a long announcement about this in the morning.

Don’t forget to turn in your old green cards to Miss Moore. Keep
your new green cards and record the yellow corridor passes, sign
the pink admittance slips, and fill out the grade books. File the li-
brary passes and clean out your drawers. There will be two minutes
added to the homeroom period for this tomorrow.

Miss Moore in charge
List Students Who Write Backhand

Tomorrow during the homeroom period in addition to the regular
duties, have each student fill out the three forms which yvill be in
your mailboxes, collect the money for the lied Cross, sell tickets to
the dance and appoint replacements for the supply store. Please
notice all the students who write backhand, make a list of these stu-
dents and send them to Miss M0ore by 8:35,

Marilyn Shanahan will be excused the second half of the third period

 

 

Thought For the Day
If you don’t think you can, I don’t know why you did because those
who never try may not do any good in the first place.
OLD Welch Proverb

It was written by

Marilyn Shanahan will be photographed on Tuesday at 10:36 driving
the school bus.

There has been some talk about changing the school colors from
coral and blue. I thought we were all together on this.
Second Period

This will be a regular second period because that period has been
omitted most frequently heretofore, and it is desired to equalize the
educational opportunities. Al students who are in band A and band B
are to give a concert in al of the elementary schools in order to enlist'
students for next year. All students not excused should be in their
regular places except the majorettes, and the Tiger Tale Reporters and
the 8-15 girl’s chorus who will be at the radio station for the day.

Assembly Schedule Changed Back

Today the assembly schedule will be changed to where it originally
was. Assembly B will come to the auditorium at 8:20. Assembly A will
follow at 8:40. Please do not crowd into the auditorium until the other
crowd has left. This is a religious program and we don’t want what we
had last week.

Next year we will have fewer students in the homeroom and classes
unless we have more.

Marilyn Shanahan is not on indoor suspension, it just looks that way
because she is around the office a lot.

Someone dismissed classes last week when we rang for the janitor.
I won’tsay whothis was butitcaused a jam-up in front of Miss Cassldy’s
rooin and we were having lunch with tlielioti tamer. We should try to be
calm at all times about these mistakes.

There are too many students standing in the halls. Next year we will
stand students in the classrooms and hold classes in the halls.

Yesterday the 7—29’5 missed their teacher after lunch. The teacher
was standing at the north gate and didnot know the classes had gone on.
The fourth period ended before the teacher got together with the class.
This is the kind of thing that breaks down organization.

Unclaimed Money to go Into General Fund

Any money found on the floor of the classroom and not claimed will
be checked through internal accounting and go into the general fund.

Last week there we're 410 students in the clinic. A lot of these are
psychological problems and could be handled at the teacher’s desk.
Several discipline problems in the dean’s office were treated by mis-
take. Marilyn Shanahan was one of them.

We are glad to know that next year we can give more time to our
exceptional children. All three of these students will be in the same
section.

There will be a replacement at fire station number six. It was during
the last drill that Mrs. Potter could not reach the handle of the fireball.
She is in good condition in the clinic after she was found jumping up
and down for three quarters of an fiour.

Next year the mailboxes will be enlarged tohold more bulletins. This
is the way we did it at Nautilus and it worked out quite well.

The Principal

   

     
  

M
Kemerknflc,
coqckl

lf'; run £000
{egr and I'll!

‘ froﬂq.
STILL air“; 5
7WJ/

   
 
 
 

/“~-

My CNS

Hie price iS inspirational, too' BIC is the woild's finest writing instrument—costs
only 19¢. Oiilyiili,‘ is guarantomf+ towritc first time everytimc. Blo‘ s "Dyamtte" Biill
Pomt IS the hardest mclol made by man (let a UK), now at your campus store,
BIC "Crystal" 19¢ lilC pens available Willi blue, red, green, black ink. Made in
U S A ’ior replacement send pen to: WATERMANABIC PEN CORR, MILFORD. CONN.

(:9
ll

      

Add wiiHi-uf' LECrS/

[I'S "hi/I'rqrtaf‘q/l

W

Senate (More)

mittee chairman, Ed Wolner ’65,
read the proposed State Uiiiversnv
Review constitution. There was a
motion for the approval of the con—
stitutioii. Itwas unanimously passnti,

Motions for the solicitation to
charter lases for returning to in-
school after intercession wort.
passed. Pat Green received pet-
mission to charter a bus from
Hetnpstead to Albany. The charge
will be $3.25.

Totn Vandermuller received pet —
mission to cfiarter a bus from
Rochester at a cost of about Soon
per rider.

Sandy Cushman was given pm.
mission to charter a busfrom Bing.
hamton for $3.00 per person.

i Notice 7

The CO-OP, in cooperation with
the School of Library Sciencc, I‘.
once again sponsoring a contest for
student hook collectors. I‘Iach col
lection shall consist of ten boot}
owned by the student in one spot-inc
field.

A $50 First Prizeisbeingoffcicd.
In addition fifteen other prizes 'J-lll
be awarded.

Students may enter thc i‘ii:.'t“.'
from February 17 through Mail} i,
Judging will take place in the ion;—
moiis March l, 5, and i5.

Wall’s Subs

Around the Corner
from the Dorms

 

 

Open Daily
Mon-Thurs. lia.m.ll30p.m.
Fri. 85m. Ham—1:30am.

Sun. 4:00p.m.——iip.m.

271 Ontario Street

 

 

 

 

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY,

JANUARY 10, 1964

 

PAGE 5

 

Student Government: 1917 MYSKANIA Marks Beginning
First Constitution Written In 1921,
Government Collapse Forces Change

The way to student government at Stat
Council was selected by a faculty commit
announced that the organization

In 1917 MYSKANIA was fit
purposes. Its first accomplish

Weekly assemblies were insti—
tuted.

By 1920 MYSKANIA had inaugu-
rated the system of class officers:
president, vice—president, secre-
tary. treasurer. and reporter.

First 5. A. Elections

The students of the college Voted
in 1921 to have a student organiza-
tion with officers elected in the
spring of each year. They were
to be inaugurated on Moving-Up
Day. MYSKANIA set up the first
election in 1921.

The first student orgaiiizationwas
composed of three officers chosen
from each of'the three upperclasses,
a council With members from all
four classes, and a faculty member
who served as tho treasurer. This
body regulated student activities.

Later the faculty member was
eliminated. The president of each
class, president, We president,
secretary, and treasurer became
the council.

Compulsory Student Tax

Student government worked slowly
in the 1930’s. Controyersy raged
over the student tax, and in 1937
President Brubacher said that pay-
ment of thetax Wiilllillie compulsory.

There was an amendment adopted
in 1939 that the president and \ice
president of the Student Council
should at no titiie he of the same
sex. “Unprecedented action” was
taken in 1942 by the students when
they voted to amend the constitution
to permit both offices to be held by
members of the same sex.

Constitution Revision

The war wrought other changes
on student goyci'nment, The inade-
quacy of the (Aisling i'oiistilutioiis
was realized and a Constitutional
Revis‘ioii Coiiiiiiitiee was organized.

A reused constitution was di awn
up in 1945. liach class Would have
iotir Student Couii il representa—
tives. The controyersial change,ef—
lecture in 1941}, saidihat MYSKANIA
would no longer be sell—perpetu-
ating. MYSKANIA. Would be elected
by the students.

Preferential Voting

A complicated system iif prefor-
eiitial voting was also introduced,
lieyoting was eliminated with dis—
il‘lllillltillS. Students wcic dissatis-
lied With tho system because. they
didn‘t understand it. This gave way
to the quota system.

in the early 1950’s enioilmcm
more than doubli-d. The weekly siti-
dent nssoiiiflti-s weit- lililiiilllly in-
adequatc. for l’ay'c llnll could not
accommodate the entire student

by Debby Friedman

body.

It was time for a change.

A new constitution was proposed
and defeated in 1954. A legislature
of one hundred would have replaced
coinpuisory assemblies.

Efforts to adapt the student gov-
ernment to the changing needs and
attitudes of the student body Within
the context of the old constitution
met with frustration and failure.

5. A. Crisis

fly the end of" 1956 the malfunction
of the student government hecaiiie
serious. Either a moratorium or a
revision of the constitution was
deemed necessary.

With the cooperation of the ad-
ministration and the direction of
the Student Council, a student com—
mittee was empowered to write an
entirely new constitution for the
Student Association.

Student goyernmcnt was on the
verge of collapse in 1957 when a
new constitution was approved by
the students.

The envisioned S. A. government
would supei'yise college activities
and enter into the discussion and
torinulat on of policy related to all
facets of collegc life. The cabinet
was 'to channelinformation and ideas
to the S. A.

Revitalized Government

The first semester of operation
was less than successful. Much
time was devoted to testing the
strengili and applicability of the
new constitution.

The first annual inauguration day
took place in February, 1958. This
began a newti'adition for MYSKANIA.
would not longer be tapped on Mov—
ing—Up Day, The S. A. prestdent
was no longei a MYSKANIA mem-
her.

The new officers were elected
under a quota Sy‘sielil which was
abandoned in 1959.

The 1957 constitution, with minor
changes, is the one now in effect.
Senate has improved through the
years.

A typical Senate mcetmg several
years :igo was described as, “much
confusion and little thought amid
personal cotiveréhiioii, while the
few thinking members tried to con—
duct business."

The gradual evolution in student
government is eyideiit here. There
has been many changes for the
better. but own now, new innova-
lions are being considered.

The possibility of a bicamcial
legislature is under study and tho
repoit of the Goyei'niiieiit fteoi'»
gum/anon Committee Will soon be
nndei discussion on illt.‘ Senate floor.

 

There was unprecedented standing room only as the drama,

“The Primness of Primer,”

in l957.

unfolded on the Senate floor

e was inaugurated in 1917 when a Student
tee. One week later those eleven Seniors
would be called MYSKANIA.

e student government. This was one of its original
ment was to write a constitution for the student body.

 

 

 

 

 

MYSKANIA

was Just another weekly as-
sembly on April 13, 1917. when
Professor Walker rose and sol-
emly walked across the platform
Few people listened as he read: Kuhn
flagei', Mildred Lawrence, Edith
Wallace (:1 member of our present
faculty),....

Faculty Picks MYSKANIA

The eleven people named coin-
prised the first Student Council,
chosen by the facility for leader-
ship and scholarship. One week
later the name, MYSKANIA, was
adopted. The iiteaiiing would remain
secret to all but iiieiiibci's of the
council.

Nobody foresaw the iinpoi taiit role
MYSKANIA was to play in thefntui'e
of State College in 1917.

The council was to consist of
from ten to twelve iiieiiilers. The
first fiye Were choscn by ihefaculty
and the rest ly MYSKANIA. The
Senior (‘lass President, ti not
chosen, was an ex-officio member.

MYSKANIA Melodrama

'l‘heie was muchanticipation when
the second h'lYSKANIA was tapped
three week’s later. The piano was
played as llll’ Junior class walked
across the stage. 'l‘hosc chosen
woro piillcd out of line as they
passed.

Alfred Medici-c, the first editor
oi tho. State t‘t-llegc News, wrote
a lettci‘ i'l'fl'tiiliillt‘ililllig that
MYSKANIA should go into the and—
ioiice and select the now incmliei's.
i‘his suggcstion wasadoptcdin1915.

'1'er fiist change 111 the seloctioii
iif MYSKANIA eyolwd 111 the 1930’s
when [lit' stitdonis were permitted
to elect two inciiibcis. Slice the
early 1920’s ihc faculty has had no
Voice in selecting the members.

The purpose of MYSKANIA was
to moti\ate and supeiyise extra-
curriculni activities. to act as the
student goyernnieni, and a mediary
between the faculty and students,
and to uphold college traditions.

innovator of Traditions
MYSKANIA has been more than
a guardian of traditions. It has
been an innovator of them.

  
   

_ l '8? .'*o“:' ~ ' “1

Sleeping, talking, listening, thinking, and writing — they

 

came in many ways at Senate meetings in past years, as

shown above.

'3', -,," _.¢
i. ,

The I918 MYSKANIA, the first to serve a full year, is pic-

  

 

   

;7‘ i x

titted above with the newly tapped members from the class of

Innovales Traditions;
pissolves itself In Controversy

it was on May 24, 1918 that
MYSKANIA inaugurated tapping on
the first traditional fuil-lengthMov—
iiig-Up Day. Before then, State hail
no special festival day, but it was
felt that such a program Would
stimulate student unity.

Juniors began wearing arm bands
on Moving-Up Day in 1923 and
Seniors began weaiing caps and
gowns in 1924.

News Board Established

MYSKANIA helped set up a News
Board for the State College News
in 1917. That year it also drew tip
a constitution and a method of pro-
motion for the paper.

In 1918 MYSKANIA realized that
State needed a unified college spirit
So it inaugurated organined rivalry.

Matty innovations appeared HI
1919. The year opened wnh “a
long—echoing shock” when MY-
SKANIA suggested to a stai‘tledS.A,
that it start a dramatics (‘Illli. Iii-
vcstigatioii followed the student ap—
plause and Draiiiatics and Arts
Council came into being.

1"t'cshnien traditions were begun
in 1930. Since then fi'eshiiieii could
only use the rear and side doors of
Ili'aper Hail. 1"resliiiieii haie not
been allowed to Wear high school
jewelry Siilt'e 1924. (Jaiiiptis llay
I'I\lili_\' between all four classes
began Ill 1920.

M YSKANIA drew up an SA. coii»
stiiutioii and proyided foi ii secie—
tai'y to keep permanent records iii
1921. A grand iiiai'shal was selected
and Campus Commission oigaiiized
by 1020.

Other eaily MYSlx'ANiA’s stand-
ardi/ed State College rings. organ-
iLed i aiiipziigns foi residence halls,
lognii the Debate (’ouiicil (19%),
and Aciiyities Day (19:10).

War Effort

An acii\e MYSKANIA eineigeii
during World \l’ai [l as Victoiy
Drtyes were launched. ’1‘hoenor—
g‘ies of liiyalry were turned toward
the war effort.

The war affected MYSKANIA. The
1943 group numbered nine and this
group flipped the only till Woman

MYSKANIA.

The last nineteen years of' MY-
vSKANlA activuy have been directed
to the college. There was a new
start in student government and a
new MYSKANIA tradition.

Plea for Reform

In 1940‘ there was a cry toreform
the Judicial body. The result of a
setiiester of complaints was aliear-
ing with twenty—five students pres-
em.

The first realistic plan offered
was to take from MYSKANIA its
power of self-perpetuation and al-
low the judii iai'y to be chosen by
popular vote. The controversy
reached an all-time high when a
student poll showed desiri- for a
change in selection methods.

The 1940 SA. constitution pro-
inlet] for student election of MY-
SKANIA. The S. A. President was
iiuioinaticale ti iiieiiiliei olthebody'.
In l95~l this last clause wast-hanged.

MYSKANIA Dissolved
On March 3.). 1940 MYSKANIA
published a resolution sanity, MY—
SKANIA liiiil iiissolyed itself because
a new plan of election was pnsscd
and S,A. ii-coguition would he with-
dinyyii.

A temporniy Judicial oontd was
set tip to assume the duties of MY—
Sly'ANIA and in May, 1940. a tin-
ditioii—hi't-akingI iei'cinony rook
pittcc. {Hundreds of the lioaid ile—
scciided iiiio the audience to lead
the first of the first to 'he stage.

Another ihiingc in tradition oc-
curred ii. 195'? With the fiilttplloli oi
a now 5. A. t‘oiiStitulioii. The 1957
M l'Slx’ANlA tapped the last group to
he announced on Mining—Up Day.

In lui'in the first MYSKANIA un-
der the new constitution was tapped
in a shortened and simplified cere-
niony, but because of the quota sys—
tem, only iiyeivc seats were filled.
Since then, every MYSKANIA has
numbered thirteen, and has been
tapped on Inauguration Day in Feb—
ruai'y.

 

