 

 

 

 

 

level.

 

 

 

 

Last time I’ll give is lost the day a vol-“"- "Hts

 lliiii

. a . : 
A. form limsug
Anew concept in student'government. to be put into 
peration in the not-to-dista‘nt future. was presented
to- the participants of the Student Government Reor~
ganization Workshop last Saturday.

The basic ideas behind the structure of government
by commissions, rather than a Senate, are extremely
promising. Presently, only undergraduates are repre-
sented on a class distinction, by students who most
often circulate within the some interest groups. In
the future, the very essence of the revised plan.
will provide for representation on an interest group

With the gradual elimination of class consciousness
through the abolishment of such traditions as Rivalry, 3
the class representation issue no longer remains valid.
It is clear that a greater portion of the student body
on both an undergraduate and graduate level, will par—
take in their own government, and in so doing, will
have cause for greater concern with university com-
munity affairs.

Much more needs to be developed in every'fieid of
discussion in relation to the final structure of the
finished, workable product. A key word in the Workshop
discussion groups was “dialogue.” This was mainly
in reference to a concept of greater coordination be-
tween students, faculty, and administration. It is a

word to be implemented, but at the same time watched

 

 

COMMUNICATIONS

closely.

 

 

Chairman Protests

Basis of ASP Editorial

To the Editor:

Congratulations on a successful
continuation of last year's editorial
policy — invalid opinion based on
untenable facts. MYSKANIA'S de-
cisions are based on fact whereas
information stated in the ASP is
often based on the incorrect opin-
ions of certain individuals.

Your editorial of November 17
states that, “MYSKANIA has proven
that it considers itself entitled to
the right of making a decision which
is not based on precedent.”

if the editors of the ASP would
take the time to read MYSKANIA'S
decision, they would see that we
clearly defined the precedent upon
which we based our decision.

Precedent does not imply a spe-
cific statement in the S. A. Consti-
tution. No constitution could possibly
cover all the situations that arise,
especially a constitution as incom-
plete and outdated as ours.

Because there is no specific law
covering a specific situation, that
does not mean there is license for
individuals to do exactly as they
please. Whether or not the"Torch"

has a constitution has nothing to do
with the question of name change.

Before the yearbook’s name was
changed from “Pedagogue” to
."Torch," Senate formally approved
the procedure for name change.
This .is sufficient precedent for
MYSKANIA to say that Senate must
be consulted before the yearbook’s
name can be changed, and because
William Colgan did not do this, the
ha a is not officially changed.

The yearbook is a University
tradition which is meaningful to all
segments of the University com-
munity — students, faculty, and ad-
ministration, as well as Alumni. it
is also supported in part by each
student on the campus.

Can the name of the yearbook be
changed by one person as Coigan’s
referral clearly states? Precedent,
common sense, and tradition says

noMore generally, we of MYSKANIA
feel that a student newspaper_can
and should be a powerful means of
communication and influence on a
University Campus. The "Albany
Student Press" is not. A more re-
sponsible editorial policy would be
a start in this direction.

Perhaps a faculty consultant, not
a censor or a controller, but some-

Albany Student Press

MAW HAY IO'I
IV VIII m 0' III.

 

The Albany Student Press Is a somivwechly newspaper published by the student
body oi the State University of New York at Albany. Tho ASP may be reached by
dialing olthor 489-648] or iv 2-3326. The ASP office, located In Room 5 cl Bru-
liochor Hall, 750 State Street, is open from 7 to ii p.m. Sunday through Thursday

nights.

EDITH S. HARDY - KAREN E. KEEPER
Co-Editors-lnvChloi

HAROLD L. LYNNE
Managing Editor

EARL G. SCHREIBER
Arts Editor

EILEEN L. MANNING
Associate Editor

DOUGLAS Cr. UPHAM
Photography Editor

JUDITH M. CONGER
chhnicol Supervisor

JOHN M. HUNTER
Advertising Manager

CARREN A. ORSINI
Circulation Euchongs Editor

Assistant Photography Editor .................

Assistant Editor

DEBORAH i. FRIEDMAN
Foaturo Editor

RAY A. MC CLOAT
Sports Editor

CYNTHiA A. GOODMAN
Associate Feature Editor

WlLLlAM H. COLGAN
Exocuilvo Editor

DIANA M. MAREK
Business Manager

SUSAN J. THOMSON
Public Relations Director

  .   Klaus Schnltior

Joseph 5i lvornian

 

Dull Editor

Ellen Zano

 

Nepartors..........i.nuro Avln. Fred Nslsorl, Mihs Farrinoil, Linda Huiidulsmoll, Sherry
uilor, Denise Clerk, Batty Nswmon, Linda Froohon, Maureen Mc-
Dsrmoi, Alice Nudoimon, Micki McGaughrsy, Pamela Filosi

Columnlsts.........................."Brucs Daniels, Poul Jonson, Robert Judd,Kothy Brophy,
Dovld Childs, Toni Muisr, M. Gillier Williams
Photographers.......................................... Dennis Church, Jouph Mahoy, Steven Klino,
Rolisrt McOdurs

Cartoonist William Sinnhold

 

Ail communications must i:- oddrsssod to dis Editors and must in sign-d. News
will he withhold upon rsquost. Communications should be “mind to 300 words
and an subioct to editing. The Albany Siudlni Press assumes no responsibility
for opinions "pr-sud in Its columns or communications. as such expressions do
not nccsssarlly rrfioct its views.

one who could offer advice based on
professional experience in the field
of journalism, would also help.

We sincerely hope that the editors
of the ASP will consider these sug-
gestions. They are not made as a
final "slam" in rebuttal to a par-
ticular editorial, but rather as a
reﬂection of the firm conviction that
a free, but responsible press is an
an essential part of a University
community.

Nancy A. Boumann
Chairman, MYSKANIA

This is a time for all sides to participate openly
in the creation of a government operating on a policy ) Q
of “mutual inﬂuence.” It is also a time to proceed
with caution in the delegation of that influence.

The Workshop proved successful for the organiza—
tions which participated. However, the absence of
many contributed to the feeling that whatever was de—
cided at the individual round table discussions could
not present a total picture from all points of View.

It is up to those organizations not represented at
Saturday's conference to take both initiative and re-
sponsibility, and present their viewpoint, by means
of a delegate, at the next Workshop meeting.

 

 

 

by David Childs

In referring to W. Murdlck’s column under the by-
line of "Communications," I find myself in asplendid
position of publicly excommunicating him from the
Cave and plunging him into the main cafeteriaJ cauld
be cynical and twist his eloquent criticism to my own
advantage. I could "humorously mock” him. As a
coward I shall avoid him. But, let me spend the
modifiers of cavemen with sensitive.

.et, f commend his explicit insight into my char-
acter and the- lack of professional ethics of ASP. lie
discovered the conspiracy which we have been secret-
ly hiding from our unsuspecting readers. We are all
elderly students who see that we are outcasts from
the comfortable sphere of a happy, fruitful society of
college living. Through our editorials, choice of ma-
terial, scathing cartoons, and slanted photographs, we
expose the good life in a bad light. By doing so, we
vicariously vault above the four thousand industrious
scholars whose sole aim is enlightenment, honesty,
and a stack of similar ideals.

Mr. Murdlck has bit the evil heart of a hate group.
Because of his valorous stand, ASP's presses may be
melted, her editors floated down the Hudson, and the
school may then live in the meadow; of unprovoked
paradise. i admit to being ii hostage '0 this treach-
erous clique (with their "common sinister purpose")
and I now turn state's evidence as a death warrant
on this "malicious, absurd, malevolent, frivolous,
sloppy, miserable, and — yes, fanatical" nest of
mlsnnthi‘opes.

Therefore, 1 will construct my prearranged column
in abbreviated form. llaving acquired a taste for
coffee shop living, i had planned to poison the vital
spirit of Joy and comraderie in the cafeteria of the
State Capitol building. How i longed to spread lies and
inflict pain into that peaceful scene and thereby make
our Governor uneasy, or possibly insinuate that ho is
just as bad as his multitudlnous stuff. Thus, we of
ASP could feel strong on a plane above not only the
college but also the entire government of the greatest
state in the union; soon the United States and than the”
Universe.

liut i was stopped. Nevertheless, i will do a rare
thing. i will set ilie scene as it was and than add the
finish as i saw it through my vicious eye. The first
part should ring with love and honesty and the latter,
of course, "stinks."

Standing proudly on n precipice high above the
beautiful city of Albany is the grand old, but hund-
suma. State Capitol Building. Willi exquisite stone
masonry and scintillating architecture, this beacon
of freedom and benevolent government ancasses the
world famous "million dollar staircase” and vast,
sumptuous chambers for the diligent lawmakers. A
spirit of purpose, brotherhood, and chearfulnass
pervades this lavish temple.

And yet, not all of the good work is performed by
the select victors of democracy. No, no, no. in fact,
most of the labor is happily taken up by the office

Confession CW .

vorkers. These people, chosen for their cnnrni and
intelligence, are heartwarming when seen dining enrli
afternoon at twelve in the gorgeous cafeteria at the
bottom of that diamond encrusted staircase. To spend
this unhuri'led lunch hour with these alti‘ulsiic,unsung
heroes is inspiration to an aspiring student or citizen.
One can only hope that he can Join this organization
some day, though realizing that few are chosen.

As a cafeteria ii is not much. For the hundreds nr
workers that dine there, it is quite small. One can
either serve oneself and sit in the crowded, pensqu
side or be served in the crowded official side. Sci-um.
and decorations hardly appeal to me but pcopb- nrr-
the things so i won’t tarry with the cold niinnsplu-x-u.

There is a theme running through illeul'l'ir-t- Wlil lum-
wbich explains the majority. One is land in bellow
that the typical office workers are umnnrrb-d nicnnni
married women, and that the average age is Inn
yours. The fact that killed me was that the typical
menu for lunch is a small salad or cup of soup, lllll‘ll
1'0”. Die, and coffee or milk. The men prclcrrwl Hu-
soup and milk, the women salad and coffee. The nn-n
were non-smokers, the women veritable nxbnusi Minus.
The men socincd to be either mimics oi their rim-Is.
01' ills! di‘lppy. The women were chatty nndwngcd mu
as to who could hold the podium.

The men were evenly dressed in dark Hulls, drip—
dry shirts, and dry expressions. ’l‘hcy dbl nnl lint'.“I
over their meals but waited and nwnyud. l «h-dnw
from the milk that ulcers might be in iiilvluiuiu‘r.

The women wore flats, skirts, white Illnnmw.
sweaters, and their individual iieckliil'cs. i did Hui
venture to the men for i had heard of Walter Jenkins.
so i Sill. among u covey of quail. in n ii-lo ui \vnnnm
one was the strongest nnd Innintiilmul a twuniy ilillillil-
monologue to the chorus cl Moses" and “nbunbh.” h
was interesting to find her eipuunding on fund onion
in the past while dining. ,

Note the cominlimlltun (uni.in the woman “nun-vi
from television and also lunh-i'stund linw Iolmihmn
personalities grow to be as familiar no ordinnii
friends or faintly. lion/over .iliur rnmlmg l't'l'lli‘l
and lloiiiiiigwuy, two gourmet i, this talk is Iii-inch-
sing.

"'l‘hoi'u was this girl on Johnny's show him lIli'.l"
from one of those Japanese countries and sln- lllIhMI
about all the food and stuff of her home illlli sum, H's
inado from rice or something. And ihl MrMnhun, in-
was stationed over there you know, talked anniHlIIv'ﬂ‘
with her, and i thought about you.."

"i really like their food."

"Alioill, and do you know we want iilll town HI
lli'oadlilbln at the Turkey Farm innl Sunduy nnd lln')
brought us broad but we didn’t wnnl mum. in. bud
turkey and biscuits and those biscuits um Illiil'l‘ llu')
enough."

"Just trying to fill you up."

“llut it only cast two-seveiity-fivu and YD" ﬁ“”'""
eat some of their candy carrots..."

"Really?"

"And all the coffee you want, no (ililil‘iW-H

Mount»: 24; W64

Artistijksihr Distsssss Soiloss

, Peter Blake, the managing editor
of Architectural Forum, lectured
in Draper 349 last Friday on the
defacing of the countryside.

Using photographs from his book,
"God’s Own Junkyard,” Blake em-
phasized not the ugliness of the
American landscape but the aile-
viation of chaotic urban areas, and
the preservation of land which sur-
rounds the large cities.

He pointed out that with the con-
tinuous expansion of urban areas a
large area is used for parking areas,
highways and roads. He said that
“70% of Los Angeles is presently
devoted to areas used by the auto-
mobile.”

He criticized New York City’s
East River Parkway which was

liotlern Dancer
io liemonstrate
Elements ii iii

Pauline Koner, considered one of
the most important American mod-
ern dancers of all time, will appear
at Linton High School, Schenectady,
Saturday, December 5, at 8:30 p.m.
Miss Koneris appearance is spon-
sored by the Capital Area Modern
Dance Council.

Her program, entitled "The Art
of Performing," will explore ilie
basic elements that make a per-
formance a work of art. Miss Koner
will conclude with the dancing of
"The Farewell.”

“The Farewell" is based on Gus-
tave Mahler’s famous composition,
"Das Lied von der Erde" (Song of
the Earth). Miss Kcner has received
world-wide acclaim for her adapta-
tion of "The Farewell.”

Miss Konei- has recently been
awarded a Fulbright-Hays teaching
grant in theatre arts and she will
be departing for Japan in January.

Tickets for the December 5 per-
formance are priced at $1.50 for
students, and can be obtained from
Miss JoAnne Baker in the Page
ilall Gym office. Miss Baker’s of-
dice hours are Monday, Tuesday.
Wednesday, Thursday at 1:30—2:30;
Monday and Wednesday at 3:20; and
Wednesday and Friday at ll:1'-l:80.
There will be a bus at no extra
charge to transport students to the
Schenectady performance. Those
who purchase tickets from Miss
Baker are eligible for this free
ransportation.

can listen to

Draper Hall
135 Western Ave.

.0 tutu of Americas lssdstsps

planned by Robert Moses. New York,
he noted, has more water frontage
than Venice, yet. the massive high;-
way blocks the view from the trav-
elers.

The automobile, seems, accord-
ing to Blake, to be the main cause
for the deterioration of the land-
scape. He suggests that a revised

tax program which would allow the
building of highways passing via
tunnels directly through buildings,
and the construction of unified struc-
tures the size of small towns which

would provide the many services
demanded by today’s population,
might help the problem.

Blake said the day of integrated
planning, where buildings straddle
highways, and yet where landscape
beauty is apparent, will soon be
realized. He feels that if we do not

control the growth of our cities,
not only will they be ugly, but there
will be no distinctions to be made
from where one city ends and another
begins.

I NOTICE l

Holiday Sing

Sungleaders are reminded that
today is the deadline for turning in
music copies and the expected num-
ber of singers in each group. The
first and second preference must
be specified. 1

The music should be turned in
to Sharyn Teves or Robert O'Pray
via Student Mail.

University Directory

Diane Cornell, Editor of the Uni-
versity Directory has announced that
the Directory will be issued some-
time before Christmas due to var-
ious delays in obtaining phone num-
bers.

The Directory has come out be-
fore Thanksgiving in the past.

K ppo etc

The brothers of Kappa Beta are
pleased to announce that John Ca-
vano, Richard Acosta, Leon Gross,
and Robert Reid were recently in-
ducled as brothers lll the fraternity.

Dromotics Council
The iJi'ninnllcs Council of the
State University will present the
lleri'lrh Marionelies on December
5, in Page Hall at 7:30 p.m. No
udiiiissiun will be ciiui‘ucd.

PETE SEEGEB

AT "IS BEST 0"
FillIWIYS llEiillllllS

STA TE UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE

records from the

5.

MATA AND HARI,_i-nostors of mime, will opp-or in Page Hall

after the vacation.

Minarmiidedanm

A Pops Concert presented by the
Music Department in accordance
with the University Music Series
will be presented Friday,Deceinber
4. Performing at the concert will be
the University Concert Band, the
Statesinen, and the University String
Orchestra.

Dances from "Prince Igor" by
Borodin, which has since been
adapted for the Broadway musical

"Kismet," and parts from Gersh-v

win’s "Porgy and Bess” will be
presented by the Univervislty Con-
cert Band conducted by William
Hudson.

The Statesmen, who recently
visited the New York World’s Fair,
will sing a new arrangement by
William Hudson of college songs
for male chorus and band. Karl A.

Folk Trio Perform

Three State students who have
formed 2i folk-singing group called
the Modern Folk 'I‘i‘io traveled to
New York City Saturday to per—
form at the Ainerlcanallotel.

The group includes Peter Nicho-
lus, Guy Nicosia, and Larry Lluz.
’l‘hey performed for a gailierlng of
Jamaican Foreign Students at the
hotel. They were asked to appear
by Miss Victoria Jones, one of the
students. She had seen their ap-
pearance at the All-University Re—
ception earlier this year.

 

 

 

Ext. 129
Albany, N. Y.

 

E. Peterson, Director of the States-
men, will lead the group in a new
rendition of the Alma Mater.

There will be two performances
of ilie concert in Page Hall at 1:25
p.m. and 8:15 p.m. Additional songs
and music will be included in the
evening concert.

in Pains in Plus

Dramatics Council of the State
University of New York at Albany
will present the dance team of
mats and Hart on Tuesday evening,
December 1, in Page Hall, at 8:30,
p.m.

Mata and Hart combine a par-
ticular art of satire and dance.
They develop a theme, idea, or

emotion, and capture its essentialw

elements, through dance, movement
or gesticulation.

They are the present day ex-
ponents of the art of mime, an art
dating back to early Theatre, but
one which has almost been lost to
audiences of today.

When not on tour, Mata and Hsri
run their own dance studio in Car-
negie Hall. This building is the in-
spiration for their most famous‘
dance routine by the same name.

For five years, the team ap-
peared on the TV spectacular"Your
Show of Shows." They enjoy an in-
ternational reputation as plush sup-
per club performers, and have in-
troduced their dance form to con-
cert auditances around the world.

Tickets for the performance can
be otained at $1.50 each or with
student tax at the State University.
Theatre Box Office, R-2'79.

Rustin I ntervww (cont. )

(ran/inner! [mm page I)

He explained that these people
could be employed in I’tearlng down
slums, building roads, hospitals,
schools and other things which the
society deeply needs."

Council Should Make Survey

I would suggest that you gather
survey material —- how many Ne-
groes are in Albany, what kind of
work they are doing, what is the
rate of poverty here, but don’t only
include Negroes when you get to
some of these questions because
the poor white are also liiiportaiii
and we must do something about
them.

Ruslin concluded the interview
by recommending that the Council
organize some type of action pro-
ject. "in reference to the action
project, he said, “You ought to lil-
vulve yourselves. Now beyond that,
i don‘t want to give you any advice
because i think thal there is plenty
of intelligence on campus lo Work
it out for yourselves.

Advises Freedom Council

Rustin recominemled that Albany
Slate’s newly formed Fi'ceduiii
Council divide its work into three
parts.

"i don’t expect the people in the
Council and on campus in say, ‘llli'.
Rustin was here; he said this —
gililil — now that's lliut.’ I expect
them to leaf npnri wliul i said,"
Rustin stated.

He advised, “First, intellectually
become active — study, examine,
don’t [like what :iiiylunly says for

granted, reread your history, think
. because that's what you're here
for — to think, to examine.“
Secondly, Rustin recommended
that Freedom Council gather infor-
mation about Albany. He said, “i
think that the Council needs to be-
come aware of what Albany is.

Supreme Court Praised

Rustin pointed out that the prin-
ciple aim of the Negro movement
in the South is to implement the.
Civil Rights Bill, and to insure
the Negro's right to vote.

lie was asked about the possi-
bilitles of the Supreme Court nul-
lifyliig the Civil Rights Bill. He
answered, "i don't think that there
is the slightest chance that the Su-
preme Court will engage in creat-
ing that kind of disorder in the
United States.

Recital Tonight
To Feature Bach

Edward Mondeiiu, organist at we
Rockefeller Chapel of the Univer-
sity of Chicago, will give a recital
tonight at 8 p.m. in the Cathedral
of All Saints. The program ofmusic
will include selections by Bach,
Suwei'b) . Scbeidl, and Langlais.

The concert is being Iield to
stimulate interest in, and provide
llllllllt'llil aid for the study of the
organ. it is sponsored by the Eas-
Ici'n New York Chapter of the
American Guild of Orgniilsts. Do-
nation tickets of $2 are available
til the door.

 

Dance to the

ISLEY

ilie Riviera

23l River 51., Troy-near Isi Sf.
Friday, Dec. 4, 8:30 P. M.
Price: $4.00 per couple

Tickets available at the Blue Note Record Shop
or from your dorm representative

BROS.

SHOUT
SHOUT
SHOUT

 

 

 

 

> mk‘wwisvtur»  ..

 

