 

  
   

 
   

the word will be inconven-

J'campuse's, We are beginning to realize the tremen-

dous number of details and circumstances which must

herselmned with - . in adVance as much as possible,

I nd day to day as necessary.

The delay in New Campus construction, forcing 600

* studentsto spend the first few weeks of the semester
in  otel’, fie, of, codrse. the major example of the

. inconvenience of transition. ’

That these students are being accommodated with

' as muchprovision' for normal campus life as possible
is a tribute to the rapid and'consciencious work of
many members‘of our University community.

The University was given only three weeks notice
that the New Campus would not be ready. Although
they did forsee this situation and began planning,
they could not go ahead with concrete arrangements
until the official notice came. Since then officials
have made every effort to forsee the needs of those
in motels.

Providing transportation for 600 students to classes,
meals, and activities was itself a major undertaking,
yet this was only one aspect of the problem. Every-
thing from study to laundry facilities has to be taken
into consideration.

in all plans officials have worked with the idea of
keeping students together as much as'possible with
those they had chosen as roommates.

Many of the plans which have been made may prove
inoperable in‘ practice. This remains to be seen. The
responsibility of everyone at this time is to give as
little criticism and as much cooperation as possible.

Several of the men students have already shown this
cooperation by coming back to the University early to
help move furniture. Many others have worked long
hours to have things ready when school opened.

With a lot of understanding on everyone’s part, the
inconvenience of transition will soon'be overshadowed
by the dynamic life of the University at work.

Failure Unexplained

At the present time the reasons behind the failure
to complete the new dormitories are about as clear
as a new campus dust storm. It does seem evident,
however, that the State Dormitory Authority was
caught by a deadly combination of poor planning, and
weak. if not incompetent. management.

The Dormitory Authority has been in business for
quite some time, and presently has 143 buildings
either in construction or in the planning stages. It
thus seems incredible that it could do such a poor
job in its own back yard, while successfully com-
pleting buildings all over the State.

There were no strikes involved in the delays, only
unexpected tie-ups, conflicts with other construction
on the new campus, and shortages of skilled workers,
according to a representative of the Dormitory Auth-
ority. The key word here is unexpected. Why were
these problems unexpected? Why wasn't there better
planning? '

We want to know the answer, as we suspect do
most of our fellow students. We expect to find these
answers. In the meantime we hope we aren’t being
given another line when we are told the second dor-
mitory complex is now ahead of schedule.

Welcome froslr

Welcome, freshmen. We are glad to have you as
part of our student body. By now you have probably
been told many times that you are the largest, most
well-equipped, and most select group ever to enter
the ranks of Albany State. This is true. And we are
expecting many things of you.

You have come at a difficult time for our Univer-
sity. We are in the midst of radical changes in the
physical, academic. and social structures of our in-
stitution. We are looking to the future, trying to de-
eide whether to preserve or discard the traditions

" of the past, and living with a mixture of both.

Yet in another way you are fortunate to be here
during the University’s adolescence. You will have a
large part in making the decisions which will govern
the future. You will not have the stability of a well-
ordered and time—honored way of life, but you will
have the challenge of trying out the new ways cf life
and determining which ones work.

  
  
 

  
 
  
 

  

  
 
    
 
    
   
    
  
     

  

 

 

'6' actual physical shift of

 

 

 
 
     
   
 
   
 
 
  
    
 
   
    
    
  
   
  
   
   
   
    
   

 

 

 

Orientation Program Invaluable

The Summer Planning Conference is
one of the most worthwhile programs
ever inaugurated at State. Held for the
first time this past summer, it provided
the most realistic look at college life
ever given to an incoming freshman
class at the University.

The Conference represented an almost
complete departure from the old methods
of fresh orientation. It represented a
departure in terms of spirit as well as
events.

The principle vehicle of orientation
in the past, Frosh Weekend, was com-
pletely outclassed by this new, fresh
approach to the problem.

Whereas Frosh Weekend was cus-
tomarily devoted to a good time for
all, with only a few hints at academics,
this summer program pulled no punches
in preparing the frosh for the work in-
volved in getting a college education.

Academic advisement and group dis-
cussions took up a good part of the pro-
gram. They were the real heart of each
two day session, and provided the frosh
with an invaluable store of knowledge
about the University.

Student counselors and academic ad-
visors went out of their way many
times to help the frosh and always
treated them as mature young people.

Albany Student Press 1

II'I'AILIIIIID HAY III.

The welcome was as warm and frank
as it was helpful.

Perhaps, however, the finest aspect
of the entire program was that so much
individual treatment was given to the
frosh, who were made to feel like they
really mattered, rather than just another
member of a nameless herd.

At this juncture in the University’s
history, when students are addressed
by their student number when congrat—
ulated by the administration for making
Dean’s List, it is nice to know that at
least at the beginning of their college
careers, students are being made to
feel like people.

We wish to especially compliment
Dean Neil Brown for the outstanding
manner in which he and his student
assistants carried off the program. The
work involved was tremendous, but the
results added up to even more than the
sum of the parts.

The program was carried off with
imagination and skill fromits conception
more than a year ago to the final prod—
uct. It marked a very definite high point
in the University’s attempts to meet the
challenges of expansion.

Because of it, the Class of ’68 will
benefit immeasurably this year; and so
too will the University.

9
{ac
s‘p,
‘

IV “ll m 0' I'll

The Albany Student Pro“ II o IomI-wookl

open from 7:00 to “:00 pm. Sunday through Thursday night.

y now I, I
bony. Tho ASP may ho reached by diolinﬂ oltharlaljdll‘il-eé'dglJ dvll‘cdmby m. "we". busy 0‘ "w Sm" Unl-mnuy 0' N°W Ymk a. A“

3326. The ASP office, located In Room 5 oi Brubochor Ha“, I5

EDITH S. HARDY-KAREN E. KEEPER
Co-Edliou-In-Chlai

EARL l5. SCHNEIDER
Ari: Editor

JACQUELINE R. ADAMS
Associate Editor

JAMES L. WINGATE
Auoclolc Sports Editor

RONALD W. HAMILTON
Slnior Editor

JUDITH M. CONGER
Tlchnlcol SUpI'VlIOI‘

CARREN A. ORSINI
Circulation Exchange Editor

Alllsiorrt Editor-
uh Editors
f‘ Ins. r A

SH cornmunlooilonl melt in oddrolud to i
you ouumn no rol onllhl
rail-oi Ill views. 9 my '0' “In.”

HAROLD L. LYNNE
5|?an: Editor

DEBORAH I. FRIEDMAN
Auocioio Editor

DOUGLAS a. worm
Phaloﬂlﬂfilly Editor

JUDITH D. METCALF
usinou Mammal

ELIZABETH BOYD
Auocloic Technical 5Uporvilor

I “wound In Iil column! or c

EILEEN L. MANNING
Allociolo Editor

CYNTHIA A. GOODMAN
Associate Fooiuro Editor

WILLIAM H. COLGAN
Executive Editor

JOHN M. HUNTER
Advertising Manager

JOANNE C. SOBIK
Consultant Advonluino Editor

SUSAN J, THOMSON
Public Rolotioru Editor
Joseph "‘ , Nancy Bil-Ir
Ell-n Zena, Mary Lou Vlonnla

I’aui Jonson, Rah-vi Judd, Koihy Brophy, Al" D.m"l J. R09... L". can. Lucgah

°""""Y Mon-our, Diane Johnson, 5am Cyprcsll
Kori Dr mondo
Donnie Church, Joloph Mahoy

h. Elm" “"d "m" l" 'lincd. Non-I will be withheld on roquni. The Albany Student
ommuniooflonl, on such oxproulono do not nocouorily

 

 

   

Features

 

. 'mtemuegiiuL‘Néﬁl' ‘ i“ '
0 News matures  ,
0 Humor V

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

SEPTEMBER 18, 1984

PAGE 3

Summer Program Introduces "70 Fresh to State  
Series of 10 Two-Day Sessions '1 
Begins Transition to College Life 

 

THE LENGTHENING SHADOWS on a cool summer's eve both
a newly arrived group of fresh entering Draper Hall for the first

time as college students.

Full Events to

Round Out

Frosh Orientation Schedule

Continuing where the Summer
Planning Conference left off, a new
Fall Orientation Program is under-
way for the Class of ’68.

This series of events places its
emphasis on introducing State's
newest students to the traditions
and social life of the University,
unlike the summer program whose
emphasis wns on academic orien-
tation.

These fail events will fill the
gap created by the ending of the
Rivalry tradition at the Univer-
sity, They will attempt to bring
all four classes into contact with
each other during this period.

Candlelight Ceremony
The Fall Orientation began last
Monday night with the Song Fest on
Dorm Field and Candlelight Cere-
mony in Page Mail and will conclude
October 17 with Parent’s Day.

Monday’s ceremonies in Page wit—
nessed ‘hc official acceptance and
welcoming of the fresh into the
University community by Dr. Evan
ii. Collins, President of the Uni—
versity.

The first meeting of the {rush

as a unit came Tuesday, as they
were Introduced to their Class
Guardians, Put [insane and EU Will»
not". A i’ashiun Show highlighted

'this first uroetmg.

Mix or King Kong
The first mixer of the year was
held on Dorm Field that night, giv-
ing the fresh their first opportunity
to Inch with each other and upper-
classmen on an Informal basis.

For times who preferred movies
to dancing, "King Kong" was pre-
sented the Hﬂlllc evening in Page
Iiali.

Wednesday the fresh were intro-
duced to student activities on cam-
pus with Aclivitios Day on Dornn
Field. Most of the organizations on
campus were represented. Enter-
tainment was provided by the Dra—
matlcs Council, and musichy State 5
all—male singing group, the States—
men.

The 120th Ali-University town'-
catlon will be held in Page Hall at
1:30 p.m. today, and will be high-
lighted by an address by Dr. Paul
B. Pettii. His topic will be “The
University in the Modern World.”

The orientation will continue to-
night with the President’s Recep-
tion for freshmen in Brubacher
Lower Lounge. The reception line
will be headed by President and
Mrs. Collins, and will include other
members of the administration and
student leaders.

Two folk concerts, featuring the
Gaslight Singers, Carolyn Hester,
and Mike Settle in Page Hall to-
morrow night will round out the
weekend.

University Bonfire
The second class meeting of the
year will be held Friday, Sept. 25
at 1:25 [mm in Page liail.

At 8:00 p.111. the University Bori-
“1‘0 will be ill on University Field,
marking the beginning of the 1964
Soccer 59350“,

All four classes will participate
in this event in an effort to foster
united University spirit.

The following evening, the All-
Uuiversiiy Mixer will be staged in
Alden-Waterbury Dining Room.
Dress for the affair will be (urinal.

The following Saturday will wit-
ness a brand new event, University
Field Day. Using the workable sic-
ments of Rivalry, this evontisbelng
organized by all four classes and
will consist mainly of athletic corn-
petitions.

Grooh Program
On October 9 the Class will be
lntr'odUced to the Greek cormnunity
at State with a program presented
by lnterfraternlly - lntersorority
Council in Page Hall. This will be
the first early step, prior to For-
mal iiush next semester.
The Fall Orientation will con-
clude with Parents' Day on Satur-
day, October 17.

by William Colgon

“It sure is impressive, but it's got
a long way to go,"‘said the fresh. as
he and a group of his fellows got their
first long look at the rapidly—rising new
campus that is the State University of
New York at Albany.

The fresh and 1170 more like him
in the Class of ’68 were the first stu-
dents at the University to be oriented
to their new environment by the bold,
precedent-breaking experiment that was
the Summer Planning Conference.

Held in ten separate sessions over
the summer, groups of a hundred to
120 frosh were given an almost com-
pletely different induction to life at
State than had been traditionally given
at Fresh Weekends in the past.

Academic Emphasis

The Summer Planning Conference dif-=

fared in one key aspect from the old
methods of fresh orientation — its em-
phasis. and consequently its methods,
was placed upon a sober look at the
problems and the realities of getting a
college education.

Academic advisement, orientation, and
preparation was the order of the day for
the Yellow Jackets as they went through
two days of well—coordinated actiyities,
all calculated to make them better stu-
dents and better members of the Uni-
versity community in September.

The program presented differed al-
most entirely from previous frosh or—
ientations. A reading test, appointments
with academic advisors, group discus-
sions with student advisers, meetings
with the financial and medical offices
if needed, replaced the trip to Thacher,
the “Beanie Ball,” the impromptu skits,
and much, much more.

, t..--
t. 

.244» 5 R‘—

 
 

mi

:r~ .
THE CAUSE AND THE RESULT ore pic o

 

   

. la
red iogoth

According to Dean Neil Brown. Co-
ordinator of the Summer Orientation, the
real keys to the program were the op-
oportunities for individual academic ad-
visement and for coed group discussions
with knowledgeable upperclassmen.

The fresh themselves were nearly
unanimous in agreeing with Dean Brown
that these were the most important and
most helpful parts of the orientation
program.

Each frosh was assigned to an indi-
vidual academic advisor, usuallya grad-
uate student, to sit down and work out a
schedule compatible with his major.
These student academic advisers will
serve in this capacity until the individual
in his care graduates from the Univer-
sity College.

Group Discussions

The University also hired six students
to serve as group leaders for the frosh
during their two day stay. It was through
these six, via group discussions. that
the frosh received aawealth ofrpractlcal
information about life at State. These
students were also responsible for seeing
the frosh through the various stages of
the program.

Most fresh praised the work of these
students, citing the knowledge and frank-
ness they brought to the job as important
aspects in the success of the group dis-
cussions.

The six students were Arthur John-
ston, Richard Stenard, William Bate,
JoAnne Sobik, Maureen Glasheen, and
Nancy Baumann. A seventh student, Rob-
ert Fairbanks, served as assistant to
Dean Brown throughout the program.

As one frosh put it, “Without our
upperclass advisors, I think we would.
have been all pretty lost these past few
daysﬂ’

(continued on page 6)

    

crosoi

got their first look of the new campus rising to accommodate them and thousands of their follows.

 

