 

PAGE 8 STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY, JANUARY 10. 1964

 

 

 

Here come Zeus and
Here. Zeus'...King

0F the.gods...Wielder
ol‘ theThunderboIt...

tilinie's Sub Shop

53 North Laka Ava.
ALL KINDS INCLUDING:
Hat Sausage In Hot Meatball
HOURS: Monday thru Thursday
II a.m. 'til I|.m.
Friday and Saturday
II a.m. 'til 2 a.m.
Sunday 4 p.m. '0" Midnight
PHONE HO 5-07")

 

 

 

 

 

Zeus!..t2adiant Most worthy Zeus... Mow, Shut:
light oi Ot mpus... An intrepid paladin... HERA... up!
Wisest an most resolute...

 

glorious or
divinities...

 

 

  

 

 

 and henpecked..

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  
 

Oil 031Tle amino

(Author of Rally Round the Flag, Boys!"
and “Barefoot Boy With Cheek")

 

1964: YEAR OF DECISION

W Ill sir, here we go into 1964, which shows every sign of being
quite a distinguished year. First off, it is the only year since
1954 which ends with the Figure 4. Of course, when it comes
to Figure 4’s, 1964, though distinguished, can hardly compare
with I444 which, most people. agree, hall not just. one, not just
two, hut thrcc Figure 4's! This, I'll wager, is a record that will
stand for at least a thousand years!

[444 was, incidentally, notahle for many other things. It
was, for example, the year in which the New York (liants
played the Philadelphia Athletics in the World Series. As we
all know. the New York (liants have since moved to San Fran-
cisco and the Philadelphia Athletics to Kansas City. There is
a movement afoot at present to move (‘hicago to Phoenix
the city, not the hasehall team. Phoenix, in tliru, \volth of
course move to Chicago. It is felt that the change would he
hroadening for residents of hoth cities. .\liiny ('hicago folks,
for example, have never seen an iguana. Many l’hoenix folks,
on the other hand, lltht' never seen a lrosthite.

  

. Péﬁ: ﬁc-xm- '
nil lull int l.’€lt’tlc’ll(6 W title

There are, of course, certain ditlicultii-s connected with a
iiuiiiicipal shift of this size. l"or instance. to move ('liicago
you also have to move Lake Michigan. 'l'liis, in itself, presents
no great prohlein, what with modern scientific advances like
electronics and the French cull. lint if you will look at your
map, you will find Lake Michigan is attached to all the other
tireat liakes, which in turn are attached to the St. Lawrence
Seaway, which in turn is attached to the Atlantic (lcean. You
start dragging Lake Michigan to l‘liocnix and, willy-Hilly, you'll
he dragging all that other stuff loo. This would make olir
llrilisli allies terrihly cross, and l can't say as l hlame them.
Put yourself in their place. \I'hal it. for example, you were a
llrilisli costcrmongl-r who had heen saving and scrimping all
year for a summer holiday at llrigliloii lleacli. and then when
you got to llrighlon llcacli there wasn't any ocean‘.’ 'l'liere you'd
he with your inner tube and snorkel and nothing to do all day
hut dance the l.lllllllt‘lll Walk. 'l'liis, you must agree, would not
help make you .\'.-\'|‘(l—inindedl

l appeal most earnestly to the residents of (‘lilcago aiid
l’liociiix to reconsider. l know it‘s no howl of cherries going
through life without ever sci-mg an iguana or a lrosthilc, hut
I ask )‘illl l~ It [on hit: a price to
pay for preserving the unity of the free world‘.’

I feel sure that if you search your hearts, you will make the
whether we live in frosthittcn

 

('liicagonns, l'liociiiciaii-~

right decision, for all ol Its
('lncago, igliaiia~infestcd l’hocmv, or llliI'I'ft\\"lll|lt'lll‘fl New
“men are first and lorciiiost .\mcrican~'
llut l digress. We were speaking ot liltil, our Ilt‘\\ year. .\nll
new it isI There is, for one thing, new pleasure lll .\larlhoro
('igaretti-~ How, you ask, call there he new pleasure in
.\larlhoros when that line llavoi'llil hlciid of lohaccos, that clean
l‘lllt'lt‘lll Selcctrntc liltcr, haw not lll'l'll alli-rl-d'.’ The answer is
snoplc each time you light a .\l;irlhoro. it Is like the first time.
The llaior is such that agi- cannot \tllllt'l' nor clistoiii stale
.\larlhoro iii-\cr pulls, ncxcr pull-s, ncvl-r dwindles into dull
routim- l'lucli pull, each clgai'ctlc, each pack, cacli carton,
makes you glad all olcr again that you are :i \larlhoro sinokci"
'l‘hcrclorc, .\larlhoros in hand, let us march conlidcnlly mto
liltivl May good fortune attend our venturesl May serenity
rcign' May ('liicago and l‘liocnix soon recoil-r lroin their dis-
appointment and join our hright l';l\:ill'nllc into a hravc to—
niorrowl v ialii Mai simian.“
r r t
We, the Ina/vent of Murllmmu, “callable in soft pack or flip—
lop box in all [lily ulateu of the l'nion, trial: to join (lid Max.
in extending good trill/wit [or a happy and peaceful I964.

 

 

 

Bail Script, Bad Actor Equals Ball

by PauI Jensen

There is today a preoccupation
with the role of the director. The
auteur theory, mentioned on pre-
vious weeks, holds that the director
is the ultimate creator of films,
and even generalized, nondogniatic
discussion of films tends to center
around individual directors.

This emphasis'upon the director
makes one wonder just what he (or,
in isolated cases, she) does. This
is a thorny question, but one of
particular interest to anyone even
attempting to judge the work of a
particular director.

Main Responsibility
To generalize wildly, the director
is responsible for whatever is seen
on the screen.

lie decides wllere the actors stand,
where the camera is placed in re-
lation to them and the setting, how
the performers are to play their
roles, how the film is to he paced,
and the order and composition of
shots. It is he who decides when
e\erylhing is finally “right.”

As a rule. the director receives
praise or hlame for whatever is
good or had zihout the him, and
particularly for those aspects men—
tioned.

But it is literally impossible to
determine, for certain, the degree
of influence exerted hy lhis one
man. for so many other people are
involved that every one of those
elements listed ahove may he the
result of someone else’s Work.

Final Script

The audience never sees the final
Sl'rlpl of the film, and llieretore
cannot know what details ol the set—
ting and the actors’ positions are
included. In some casesn may leave
only a Single possihilny toi the di—
rector to use.

A poorlydevelopedScreenplay can
ruiii the pace of a film, despite die
efforts ot' a good director So also
can had. uiihelievahle, dialog llllll a
performance, no matter how talented
the liclor oi' effective the diieclor,

Ferrante (More)

write the entire score for a special
twenty minute shorton"llndoi water
Conquest." The music which they
cicutcd andlheai'iuiigi-monlswhich
tlil'l Wiole won loi them the award
tor the host lllllSll' originated toi .i
shoit, at the Cannes l'ihn l~esli\al.

This led to their heme, engaged
to. the UllHElllSlliLj, agency ot a tire
compair. to do radio t'tllllllll‘ll inls
for their client’s product.

Almost 3 wins ago l'ei i ant:- and
'l'eichor were signed to a recording
contract In United Ailisls, whole
they hegun the climh with then ic-
coidiiigs ol the theme trom “lixo-
dus." These records eslahlishod
them as the nuuihei one inteipi l‘lt'l ~.
ol “moxie” music as one oi today’s
top [)tfl‘llll'lllt‘lb' ot llbli-iillip, l'lill‘l »
lainmenl.

l'Juch of those iecoidu Won toi
them ‘d gold record.

Best sellers

All of hair i'ocoids on the l'nilod
Ai'lisl’s luhel have hcen olilrilunding
sellers. l'el‘l'anlo and Tan liei aie
also credited Willi having greatly
influenced the ltillhll‘ul tastes ol lhe
haying puhlil.

’l'hey've sold more iocoids than
an} lWo piuno team in lllbllil) and
poplilurizes “tWo pianos" as an on-
lcrlaininenl medium.

Depending upon lhedirector‘s lin—
aginaliveness, the composition of
shots and the camera angles may
have heeii determined not by him
but by the camerman.

These, iii tlirn, are often limited
hy the size and shape of the set and
its contents, which are designed by
a set designer/art director who
may or may not have conferred with
the director heforehand.

Editor Important

The editor of a film is often 
important as the director, for the
fillii is ultimately in his hands, and
he can tighten sloppy direction or
ruin good work through the use of
his scissors.

With the pace. order and length
of the picture under his control,
he may follow the Si‘l'lpl, the sug-
gestions ot'theproducer (who usually
has something to say) or the direc—
tor, or even his owu impulses——
which may all he contradictory.

Editing reduced uspeechhy Roddy
McDowell in Cleopatra from seven
and a half to lWo minutes. If the

Deft Handling of Difficult
Script Makes Good Show

by Skip Schreiber

ltelelling the lllb‘ltii') ot'u thirty-
\eul' period in tWo hours is no
easy Joh. and condensing a trilogy
oi novels iiilo ii tWo-acl play is
iioi much simpler. What John Dos
l’assos and Paul Sh\i'e have collie
up Willi is lWo hours ol "this is the
wax li'eineniher it."

'l'hrowmg together headlines, se—
quences about “famous” personali-
lies, stories about not-so—tainous
personalities, and the account ot
the rise to power ol J. Wai‘dMoore-
house, who theoreln ally represents
the tenor of the times. they have
produced a magnificently shaky
structure.

Thread of Unity

The only discernlhle thread of
unit) which runs thioligh the play
is Moorehouse. and eieii he seems
to he lost and t‘loundei ing in a mass
of only slightly related material.
(Lharnclei's pop in and out With
alarming reglllaiill.

For example, Just when you’re
interested in Joe and Janey Wil—
liams. Joe runs oil to Jlilll the
Navy, never to Hilton except for
a few minutes in the second act.

Alill. to put a small cast, glori—
ously luheled l’layoi s. A,ll,Lf,l),l-.‘,l',
in charge ot developing character
out ot' chaos roquiios gall h_\ the
authors and courage hy the actors
and director.

Marked Success

The latter have succeeded ie—
markahly Well in shaping up the
play and in attempting to ostahlish
some unity. James l.ohdell eXcul—
lently portrayed Moorohouse Willi
the delicacy and fine shades ol
character which the l'Ult.‘ requires.

Douglas ltoss, in a iiumhor of
small roles. reostahlished Delis Willi
the lieriness and personal intensity

scene is therefore incoherent the
blame would fall on the writer, the
actor or the director — not the lltl-
known man in the cutting room.

Actor's Ability
Is a particular performance due
to the actor’s ability, or to the di—
rector's skill iii eliciting good per-
lormances?

How much of a liliii is shot hy
the “second liiiil director," on lo-
cation, and how iiilicli of that is due
to his own initiativedhe suggestions
of others, or the edilor’s modifica-
lions? For what is the Assistant
Director responsihle?

Since even those few who write,
direct and edit their own films are
slill iiol completely independent,
how is it possihle to Judge a film?
The only feasihle way is to hecome
familiar with the previous Work of
the individuals involved.

If an actor has never given :1
good performance, except underone
director, the credit should he the
director’s. This is the only logical
way to make a decision of this sort,
what with the plethora of personali—
ties involved.

ot the orator and politician. hut he
did iiol quite measure up to his own
standard with theother rolescxcept
perhaps in the hurlesque sequence.

Harry Guy unfortunately tended
to chew his Words and. as a result,
much of his characterizations was
lliSl.

Sharon House was the surprise of
the evening, especially in the head—
lines where she produced the sicken—
my, sweetness characteristic of ii
lady’s fashion magazme.

Good Development

Lee Liss as Moorehouse’s Wile
and as Janey’s mother. a race—
conscious woman, slicceeded in de—
veloping the characterizalions Wltli-
out the yellow-Journalism sensa-
lionahsin that could so easdi have
dc\eloped in loss clipahle hands,

llo/ herrzii'a, with a hlend ot
comedy and di ulna, once againdeni-
onstruled her great Vel'ﬁullllt‘. . Most
i;ol.ihlc was her 1.521th 21 Duncan se—
quence.

Director James Leonard kept the
tempo moving, ll not ill limes loo
quickly. His Hllhllu use ol sound
aided in making some unity out of
the rather unfortunate sciipl which
the authors pine him.

Good Tech Work

Mr. Leonaid's use of a pailiulll—
piojoclinl; acting iiiea enhanced the
iuppoi't hclwu-on ucloi .indaiidionce,
u tooling often difficult to cloutl-
when limited hy the small prosce—
nilnn of the Studio ’l‘healre.

Much oi the total impact was
created by John J. Moore’s design
and lighting, and especially hy his
ht‘l’illl projections which were
smoothly and effectively handled.

Conb‘idernig such a talented as—
semhlagu, it’s too had that they
could not hun- done mm e. In“, then
again. how lllllill can one do with
two hours of nowmcels'f

   

 

; _ rem: momma-c:—

 
   

SENATE REPEALS COMPULSORY3 MEETING LEGISLATION

by Edith Harvey

The three meeting requirement for nom-
ination to Senate was abolished Wednesday
in an amendment to the General Election
Law. Any student is now eligible for nom-
ination. Nominations will close today at 5
p.m.

All nominees will be reviewed by The
Election Commissioner. Only the names of
those with a 2.0 cumulative average will be
placed on the ballot.

Other provisions of the Election Law
amendment give greater power to the Elec-
tion Commission. It now will determine the
place of election, provide the officialballots,
and require the name and a form of iden—
tification from each voter.

All candidates who wish to do so must them-

file their declinations by February 19 at
5 p.m.

Senate has also passed a constitutional
proposition which would limit the number
of Senators to sixteen per Class. At present,
representation is on a percentage basis.

The amendment will come before the
student body for approval next week. Voting
will take place on Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. at the
Peristyles Desk. A two-thirds majority

of those voting is necessary for approval. of Senate.

One of the propositions would give the
Student Association President a veto power
over legislation passed by Senate. Another
proposition in the group would provide for
Senate’s overriding the President’s veto
by a three-quarters majority vote.

The duties and powers of the Cabinet are
defined in a third proposition. It is to advise
the President on the organizational areas
each member represents, and to appoint
chairmen for Special Days, with the approval

In two other propositions, the Vice Pres-

Presidential Veto
Several other constitutional propositions
were brought onto the floor, but the meeting
was adjourned before action was taken on

the President

ident would be given the duty of assisting
in carrying out executive
functions, such as executing legislation and

(ronlinued on page 3)

 

  

A Free Press,

  
     

A Free

 
 

University

ASP

Albany Student Press

w”...

Will Johnston Win?

 

 

 

 

 

ALBANY 3, NEW vORK

 

Work on New Campus housing has proceeded to the point

FEBRUARY 14. 1964

1100 Students To Be

liy February, 1965,

considered {is

Newspaper Sees More
Changes In Name And Staff

where

the un'vers'ly exPe‘:t5 '0 place °Ver ‘200 SlUdenls '" lhe new l"or the \t‘tillltl lime Within a Ulhei lnemheis of News. lioaitl

dorms by next February.

General Elections Begin Next Fr

Johnston Sole Presential Candidate  

Student gloornmcm elections he»
i‘lli next Friday.

l-Ilel'lion liclixilles llt‘l'lili With the
nomination ot candidates loi Student
Association otiicoia at «law. meet-
llt.  l.i~.l v.eel-..

Although like candidates lot lllt‘ “In
it“ vlllllll Ill SA l'lt"illlt',lll '.'.f'lt‘
mun-d. .ill have ietused lo lltli \‘.llll
the o -.t eplioli oi Al lliui‘ Johnston ’tii'l.

Johnston Ila» heen a senatoi for
two veal  This year he tli.lllt"l tho ,
(.o‘minnn-nl lit-organization lldll»
millet- \‘.'lill‘ll had chalge oi dialling
ll.t‘ new con-.liluilon oi the Slate
lint .ei all. at [\llu‘lil.

.\I present he is lo-chuiiliian ol
.lliiiioi Weekend l‘oininilloe. lie was.
at .o cdiloi oi tumpus Viewpoint,
lla- ‘itllllt‘lll llillllllllltllx oi the. l'niler-
sily.

‘t'lie tolii nominees who dellined
to Hill, l‘lt‘llt'l ll‘l\ tlcneio. lliiihniu
‘l ownnond. Nam v. Haliinunn, and l'.d-
waid Wolnoi aic also Jlinioi s. All
are nullutlii'h this Heal.

Ml'ShANIA, has cluiilicd
lerpleialion ot "st-coin

Jllllllil .

accordance with A
Secton Ill of the SA (.‘on
MYSKANIA rendeis the
ililelpietutloll:

i‘. one who has completed
l‘l‘lHéll ciedil for u minim
liouii. ol academic Woit.
lt‘lﬁl‘atltlt‘ll as u l|l(!ll|l't‘l
Hophonioie class.

who has completed and

Ballots to be Cost
Sandra llahin ctiah 'ti-l.

, Commissioner ‘lllll llil‘l'..'
SA Vice President ‘ “I 5

The second rant-.ing otiice in Sin—
denl Association is hemp contested.
the candidates, holh Sophomores,
ale. Allan Smith and Janet Shuhu.

Smith has sorted on Senate llllh
leui llo \voi'llod Willi chairman
Junior. Miles ‘01 on Sei'iices (Som-
niillce and was I halrmaii oi Stilll‘l--
rations ('tlllllllllletf.

and MYSKANIA Will lithe
the Common.» next l‘llllll)

the tollowmg Monday iron
to -l p.m. and the following
from it a.m. to f) p.m.

l-iodeiick Sitiith, chairman of

 

 

 

svllics‘tl‘l
sopholnoie" and “second semester
die 1 equireinenl for l mining
toi SA \'ice PI‘OSHIOIH and Pi esidonl.

Sllltllllili,

‘A second soliieslei’ Sophomore

l‘iedil loi a ininiioliin of tilt nouiu 'i,;, wt... has, llt'l‘ll it"t‘lt‘l'tl-ll a.
of u: adl-niic \voill and is italic-noted
us a nieinlioi ol the Junioi l'lliha.’

ing for SA and class ol iicors, Senate,

to -l p.111 Hal ols may also he cast

Questions will be submitted to

each candidate. Their answers will
be published in next week's edition.

iii-elected to then positions are
Ronald Hamilton ’07. Sports Editor.
Jacqueline Adams 'lllJ Lili'l Eugene
'l‘ohey ‘03 Associate ludnois. David
clarity the tint dial the piipei rep» Jenks ’Ui l‘ixt't'ltlllv lidiloi, Judllh
resents lhe. student hodl. Ml-tcult ’41:? llllsiness Manager. and
lieglni in lllltl the hahci was, (lil'l'lll Ui'sini ’llﬁ (fliculalion-l-jx—
\ears the Stole College change ludilor.
News. last Hall, as the college
t'l|.ltii'Utl lo a maxersilx, the State
College News changed to llilI State
University News. Now, Ill clout
up all confusion. if is the Albany
Student Press.

~\eai. News lloaid has changed the
name, ol the student newspaper
is low. the Albany Student Press
ASP). The name wad changed to

A,—

May

ll e ill—
I New Elections

l\.iien lx’ectei he was elected
l-ealuie l‘itlltlll. l‘.llllll Haidj. 'ILl;
was elected Managing l-.dnoi to re-
place Joseph Galli ’t}»l who is now
Si'lillii‘ l'iillltll.
llll le \ Twice a week

The ASP Will he put lished twice
wi-elll. littei l'Iurill-i. A Senate ap-
pl‘ldilllillldi ol fliilfl-lll hilt. (‘lllll'll‘d

Joanne Sohill 'h’i. loilncllj» All—
‘iL‘l llblli',’ Managei this hot oniel on
sultan Advertising Managei. She

totlowiar

Np“. hoard to pop”. mpdnpunuilﬂt, has hieeii lcplal'cll lit. .lolni lllllllt‘l
lot the hl‘llll-W‘r’ift‘ld'. paper. Y“ ‘-
illl‘l it“ A [out page is:.lie Will he [Illlv

inn tll Ill. l.llill.’.l Mil loltll ti. lill'. ll-ttlltielt

to News lloaid as an Associate lull—

li.~.lied on 'l‘uesdio, heiginning Apiil
illl'l 1* .51. The l‘llll‘it} issue Will he eiptn
ltl llil‘ ’l'lllA 11,1'luu5uil “in”. Hill dlltll illi illihtéltt'tl Ill .‘ii‘tlltfhltll.
Human 'l‘hoinson ’lvh hum helolne
l‘uldil ltelaliona l'iditoi ,Judltlit'oil

Italics long.
hot oi issues will allow mole new.
and lulci news to he pi mind.

'A swond seineslei Junioi laoai- plan. 1“, H”. [,|-\uilit\]\ Np“, gel ’llll is Associate l‘ei-linical 5n—

It‘lt‘l\t"l “PM. “HIHMIH-u,‘ ll. “HIM”, (“hum [It‘l .lsoi, and l)llllulclh Upliulll 'h'i
has. hel-n elel'll-d Associate l’liolo—

l‘.IlIllil -ii.-l‘l.n-i. .l.l]‘ll“. l'.llltlil,

0n the Inside...

Tuition Battle Reopens
Beatle Mania Strikes State .
Alumni Serve in Peace Corps.
ASP Activities Sheet.

By Way of the Wire .

SClT . .. , .

Poet's Corner 

Ten Top Films

i

 

luloction
Iliill I’lil~

 

. Page 2

.Page 3

,. Page 5

. Page 7

Page8

  , Page9
 . Page l0
 . ., .. Page l2

place in
from i:

i U a.m.
'l‘nusduy

 

1100 students will be living on the New Campus.
hundred twenty-five students will occupy part of the first dormitory unit in Sep—
tember, 1964, and the remaining 650 students will move after the first semester.

The University policy on housing, as stated in the catalog, is “No student is
regularly enrolled and in good standing unless he resides ina

VOL. L No.1

Housed In

New Campus Facilities By I965

Five

University residence hall,
or at home, or has written
permission of the Housing
Officer to live elsewhere.”

In accordance with this

policy, fewer students will
he granted pel'llltShllill tor off-cam-
pus housing as dormitory space iii-
cteases. Howeler.JuniorsandSen-
iors alieudi oft-campus will not he
requiied lo moi. e hack thllletllil'lllS.

Housing Assignments
Housing assignments are home
studied lr\ the ('ommillee onSludenl
Housing, a standing committee of
the Student Perslinliel ('olmcll. It
includes (‘arol l-Laton ’04, Nicholas
Arruios ‘llS, and seleral lal'lllt'y
niemheis. -
'l'wo fralernilios and iw'o soror—
‘lies. as well as unalfilialed stu—
dents. will make, the first mole
in Sepleniher. ll} l‘ehi'ual'. liitli,
most of the remaining Clocks and

more independents \\lll llltl\t'
laach independent housmgunil Will
he composed of students tlom all
toui' classes". Students \'.‘lll he us—
siencd on the hasis ol seniority.

Shuttle Bus Service

'l’he New l'ampus students will
hate complete dining liltlllllL’t'i.
lliuiil'lics ol the slollll hill, holih
stole, and lllvlilll may also he
criluldlshed.

.'\ll t’lu‘ml". and .ii'tilitlch‘, lioW-
e.ei \llll continue to he held In the
esislior huildn.gs and annexes for
the next ‘.t‘£ll. ’l'here man he lid-
dilions lo the annexes ll warranted
h) incieused enrollment.

Dr. lia\id Hartley, Dean of Men,
is curionll) m consullzitlou Willi
cill hits companies concerning
transportation for the New t‘anipus
students The Unnersily hopes to
pioiido chartered hoses. \t‘lllt'll Would
make two round trips lelween cam—
puses e\er\ hour. this sei'Vice
\vould continue lhiolig‘hont the day
and cloning.

ll oulinucl/ on pugc ll

