  

 

PAGE 10

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS . FRIDAY.

 

HAMMING

IT UP

 

by Ron .Houilton

I have done it again. Yes. my fantastic, unliev-
able, horrendous “kiss of death” has come through

again.

For new readers an explanation is in order.

It is a rather unique story. In fact it is unrivaled in
the annals of prognostication.

Earlier in the year it was decided that a prediction
on local or national sports events would add a little
color to the column and help to cover up some of the
mistakes. Little did I realize the amount of color that
would result from this apparently harmless forecast-

ing.

The first innocent attempt was picking the Yankees
for the series. It was a fiasco. Not dismayed by the
results, believing it to be bad luck, I tempted the
Fates again by saying that Albany would have a 15—7
record, by the end of the season. On the same dayI
prohpesied that NYU would be the number one team
in the nation. In one week NYU had dropped from the
number one spot on out of the rankings.

Dumps, Dumps, Dumps
By this time it was impossible to walk down the halls
or eat a meal without someone asking me to predict
one thing or another. Curiosity forced me to continue.
December proved to be a good month. With bowl games
and tournaments it was a Chance to redeem myself. It

did not work that way.

It started by picking the Giants. A string of catas—
trophes followed in quick succession. On New Year’s
Day the picks were Navy, Washington and Alabama.
The winners, if you have forgotten were Texas, Illi—

nois, and LSU.

A ray of hope shined briefly when the predicted
margin of victory in the Siena vs. State game was
right on the button, four points, but the wrong team

won.

The editor began to suspect that this predicting was
not just bad luck, but a supernatural power, unleashed
by the typewriter on the sports desk. He reasoned that
if the picks always were wrong, a few bets on the op—
posite team could be very lucrative. Before a rash
move was made, a test would be needed. It was the un—
fortunate fate of Sonny Liston to be chosen for the ex—

periment. Liston in four.

A Fortune Is Made
The rest is history. The editor encouraged me to
pick a team to win the NCAA National Championship.
After careful deliberation, Wichita was selected. The
prediction was made and the University of Wichita was

doomed without knowing it.

Unseeded Kansas State a heavy underdog beat the
hexted Wichita team last Saturday night. Our editor is
now driving his own car, smoking cigars and is yell—

ing, “Let them

raise tuition.”

Who will be next!

While we are discussing my shortcomings we can

include the beautiful blunder of last wok.
By ignorance on my part an erroneous
487 Club was the winner of the

487 Club.
headline was printed.
second league.

I am sorry

State Player Success As Coach

Albany State is bottoming asource
of basketball coaches foi thcAlbani
at ea. Setei al tax-basketball pliiyei s
aie now full tutu-basketball coaches
{oi high school basketball teams.
One of these men has gained a l ecoi d

 

Dick Cousey

Worthy of note, this past ycai.
l)ick (Taiiset _ coach of the Scotia~
(lleiiiilh- basketball team. has made
aiea spoils history. Scotia. .1 new
meinbei of the class A league. fitt—
ished the season with .iLItl—tliecoid,
taking tlte Westei n ('onfei‘ettce.

In post-season plat llit'\ upset
the class A poweitiotiseY l.iiiton_
731—73 and Went lili to ‘.\lli the Set —
iionaf finals.

Cuuscy Steuin Player

t‘ansei plated ball foi Albany
fiotii 1513110511, and wasro-t apiain
dating the i'twﬂit season. (oath
Saneis said that t‘auset was llt‘\t'|
a big scoiei, averaging sik tosewn
points a game. He was the sixthiiiaii
on the team.

The big 1 eason I)lt'k was a valuable
man was his ability to remain calm
in a tight spot. He war. the man you
itiined to when the going iioi tough.
This is the type of man that makes
a good coach and ('ausey's record
testifies to that,

MA RCH 20. 1964

 

Commissioner’s Tourney Begins
Goobers, KB Favored To Win

In the first round of play iii the
Commissioner’s Tourney Potter
Club beat 487 Club, KB took TXO,
Goohei's trouned One-Eyes and the
Apathetics squeezed past the Har—
riers. Potter Club eliminated 487
Club 54-38 in a game that was ac-
tually closer than the score indi-
cated.

Large Difference

At the end of the first half Potter
led by a narrow margin 23-20. Pot-
ter placed three tiien in double fig-
ures. George Nigritiy had 20, Mc—
Garity 12, Tony Procopio 13. 487
Club had eight men iii the scoring
column by Wolf with 10 points.

KB overcame TXO (39-48 on the
strength of a very strong second
half. In the second fialf K13 out-
scored 'I‘XO by over twenty points.

Drake Hits 20
Al Drake led ’I‘XO with 20 points
iii addition to being the only man to
lift double figures. Kfi had a very

strong, balanced attack placing four
men over the 10 point mark. Al
Ellis had 10, Lance Anderson 17,
Kimball 17, and Drake 11.

Iii the most lopsided gane of the
season, the Goobers trounced the
One-Eyes, 74-28. The Goobers
raced to a 32-8 point lead at the
han and kept adding to it through-
out the second half to win by a 46
point margin.

Goobers had all its starters iti
double figures. Roy Gutwillig had
14, Steve liagerdoii 12, Jerry Blair
12, Charles I'lickey 12, and Roger
Colin 16. Moore and Mazxartili
both had IO for the One—Eyes.

Apathetic Toke Close One
The Apathetics weren’t too apa—
thetic aiid the Harriers were them-
selves harried as life Apathetics
stole a close game 50-53. The

game was close all the way with.

the Apathetics leading by four at
the half. Mike Goldsteiti had 19 and
O’Neil 16 for the winners.

For the Harriers, Bacon had 20,
Ward 13, and Hoffman 10.

In the semi—finals Potter Club
will take on KB. The winner of
that game will play the winner of
the Goober-Apathetic game. The
winners of these tWo games will
play for the championship. The
losers will play iii the consolation
game to determine third and fourth
place.

Goobers Slight Favorites

The Go hers are slight favorites
over the perennial power Potter
Club, due to their impressive vic-
toi'y over the One-lilyes. However,
neither KB nor the Apathetics
should be overlooked. Either one
could sneak in and steal the chain-
pioiiship.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

'64 Chevy [1 Nova Sport Coupe (1 10m. wheelbase)

. mewm.  .

 

 

lint not the price.

the new

 

'l‘hmgs' liaVe changed a lot since a ('ltevy
was oiily a ('ln-vv. lilspectally your ideas
of" what you want a t‘In-vy to be.

So now you have the .lt‘l~.\llltitilll (‘licv~
i‘olct [7'3 feel of pure luxury, bumper
to bumper. 'l‘lie sizc makes it a luxury car.

Or you can choose the thrifty ('lievy ll,
21 ll)|.1~lf)fll family car WlIll all kinds of
passenger and luggage space.

 

'o/l Cotvair Monza Club Coupe (108 in wheelbase)

.::;;.
.1 I.
, ‘i
‘ is .  MC...

 

‘o-‘l Corvette Sting Ray Sport Coupe (le Ill, wheelbase)

Chevrolet will go to any length
to make you happy

i'olet and ('lievy ll tand lit‘lwct'll parking
itieters, with liVe \vliolc feel left over).
'l'lien, too, there's the sporty ll'i-l'oot
t'orvaii', so right for so many people tyon
girls, in pat'ticnlart that We've never
touched an inch til it. And finally, ('ot'-
slill I‘ll-H. feet and still too much
for any true sports-car IoVet' to say no to.
'l‘lie long and short of" it is, you don't
llitVt‘ to go to any length to find exactly

This year, yoni'choice tnightlic the kind of car you want. Just
1 ' Ititloot-plns ( lit-velle, see the NW difl'cretit lilies of cats
sl/aal to fit tiicely llt‘IWt‘t‘Il ( licv- at your ('lievrolct dealer's.

THE GREAT HIGHWAY PERFORMERS Chevrolet - Chevelle a Chevy II - Corvair - Corvette

Sec t/ici/i (it you] ( '.‘iciirolcf N/toicioo/it

\‘cllc

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS. FRIDAY.

MARCH 20. 1964

PAGE I 1

 

 

33

an"

Referee signals two point takedown as wrestlers hit the mats.

 

##ltltlt

ASP
“in 

 

 

 

Monaco Captures

TEN YEARS OF ALBANY WRESTLING:
CROW, TUTILE, FARREL HEAD STARS

Albany’s wrestling history dates
back to 1951 when Coach Garcia
introduced the sport ltere. Most
of the history tip to 1955 is unknown
except for the fact that the team was
on a club basis for the first few
years Ill order to prove themselves
worthy of varsity recognition.

The team raised money by work-
ing the refreshment f'ranchisetohuy
their uniforms. The team got var—
sity recognition in 1055 and during
that season finished with a record
of 7-6. The following season was
the best one on record for the team.
They finished with seven wins, two
losses and one tie.

During this season the club es-
tablished records which still hold
today. A1 Tattle iii a match against
Yeshiva captured the fastest pin
record when he subdued his oppon-
out It) twenty—five seconds. 'I‘om
I’artell finished the season with
a 0-0 record with eight of his wins
being pins.

The 1057—58 season was again
a good one for ('oach Garcia as
the team finished 7-.‘1. Charlie
Kane broke five college records
which still have not been topped.
lle tied I'ari'ell for the most pins
111 a season with eight. most team
points 111 a college career With 1411,
most team points inoncseason,with
4U, most pins iitacaieerwnftfifteen
and is [ll't‘sf‘lllh tied with Gene
Monaco tor a ltbtl one season rec-
old.

The next two yeais weie not so
lirofitable for the I’eds. They fitt—
ished the seasons \vitli‘J-t‘iandl-a—l

ird Place;

Albany Grapplers Compete ln 4|

‘ Last Saturday Lee Comeau and WCHWWI. “um “m” we 1mm and
C‘JCIIU’ Monaco represented Albany mm 1m, ‘1“.1510“ (g3. Gem. the“
Flute 5 ‘l""'“[lllll‘i “’3‘” I“ “1" ‘11 giappled against I'ld ’l‘hoiii'as, this
Ioni'namenf held intfle\e1aiid,()hio. Winds Pmmmlmmu State Chaim
Monaco bettered his performance ' ‘ 1"

[)1till. lie was able to win by a.t-1
“f d wt" All“ L“ me,l.m““m When decision. In the seiiii—finals the
he placed fourth. Iliis vear he

I’eds‘ star went against lion Natate.
I'l“l“‘l4"‘l "’ “l” Hm” l"’5l'l"” l“ This was his final match of the
1"“ l'll'l‘l’Wl “"‘l “"\"‘"e“” 1mm“ touriiei. He won. gaiiiitir third
\veight division. mum," )

lit the preliminary rounds Gene t'otneau was not able to fare as
Wl't'hflt‘tl tllLUHIHf l’etri. Jones (RM) well as Monaco, He was defeated

3”“ “"11 if 3-1 ‘lf‘t'li‘ilt'fb ‘l'llt‘ “0X1 eai'li iii the preliminaries 11) .i
“I’llt'm‘Ill l1“ li’H'l‘tl W115 JUIIH Welll- match against Jim Hill of Indiana
ever (Indiana State) iii the (punter Stunt,

finals. Gene was much! eain ill The toutttament which consisted
the match with a font point deficit of a field of liti‘t_\--l\t’iit‘tillt'tws was
attd was unable to ti‘.l'lt'til||t’ the lllittlllt'llfll‘. wonb't \l'tttflt’l'lll'i‘ (it'l-
handicap. pm...

 

S©UND 964
The Voice of Music

at the 640 spot

 

 

,-,..,_L_____W_-_l

 

 

 

 

Open Your lambort’s Charge Account

No interest or carrying charge
CHARGE ACCOUNT lDENIlFICATlONi

 

20% OFF ON
ALL CASH SALES

(REPAIRS

W swim

IMNCIS J. lAMIEIY

Jeweler - Export Repairing
Watch" - Icwolry

239 Central Ave. Albany, N.Y.

CHARGE
CARD

 

AUTHORIZED Buwvn JEWELER

 

open evenings till 9pm. Saturday till 6p.m.

 

 

'I‘his tourney completed the sea-
son for tlte Peds. 'I‘hev finishedwitli
a ieeord ol ll\t‘ wins and sis. losses.
This \ear’s matches were marred
by forfeits up ’til tlte last three
matches when they were able to
fill all the weight tlass.

Monaco was, for the second coit—
secutiw near. the outstanding
wiestlei' on the squad. He finished
the season With a 10—1 iecoid.

ltari. Thomas was next on the
squad in tictoi'ies. He finished the
seitstilt Wlfli a seat-n and duct: let'—
(till.

the team is lookinc foiwai'd to
h.i‘.ini' a liettet season tit-int teat.
l'he'. will lithe si.\ returning lettet —
lllt'li and the ftosh i-iaiiitlet s.

foncers Split Meet

H.1'..\. l'ent my 'l‘eain split a two-
wcaiton meet '.‘.itlt lt_l’.l. last Niiii—
tla. in the Inn (none ltooiii. lt.1’.l.

won .1 tlose \ittoi', llf toil 
‘.\lIlIt' fitztte tame fiatlv. Ili ‘iillilt‘ to
donut. ltl‘l » l. ltl'l went iii a sep—
itlatt- ll'.tlll tot eaift \\1’.tlllilt \\'lillt-
State f..nt to depend on the same
tltlt‘l‘ Illtlll lt‘dlll lttl l-tillt \'.l‘.l]l|t||."i.
l'he littlldillldl instills \iei e as fol—
imh; l-oil Sable

\\'--l \\—-—l.
llot 'l‘.iiotii l 2 .3 I
l.et..\'niiih l ‘1 .1 1

i

ltei lint hiiiai.

Looking: Back

In Sports

by Joe Silvormun
(lit Match lit. l‘Jl’i "'l'ai' flay”
our field on tampus b\ the mana—
g‘t'l of the baseball team. The
puipose of this was to iaise money
to but the team eqtiipiiient.
the same week oiin twenty-four
teats fatet Albany State's effotts
to set a new pioceduie in iiitei—
tollegiaie chess plai was foiled
when theii match against ltI’l met
the iadio was halted by the fedeial
goteiiimeiit foi securitt lt‘.’|‘ti...
(in the thiity—fiist of M t 111
liltlsl the men’s basketball . a
decisive till-31 \ictoi‘i o\ei' a hope-
lessly out -lassed girl’s team.

records. In 59 a new face was
seen on the wrestlingcoacliing staff.
Bob Biirlingame became the coach
of the froslt wrestling squad.

The ’60-’61 season was a good
one for the team and their new
star Clem Crow as they finished
with a record of 7-3. In the follow-
ing year the team ended the season
with a 5-5 mark. This was the best
season for Crow as he finished 8-0.
In the New York State Intercollegiate
Wrestling Tournament in 130 weight
class he finished first. Ray Bouchard

took first place in 1151h. division.

In 1962 Gene Monaco started his
varsity career. He finished the sea-
son with 10-0 record. He alsoplaced
second in the New York Intercolleg—
iate Tourney. Dick Board finished
second and Dick Rebelloto third in
the tourney.

The 1963-64 season ended last
week for the grapplers as they fin-
ished 5—6. Monaco finished 10-land
established a fifteen game winning
streak.

 

Tom Farrell, post State great, prepares to wrestle as referee

watches action.

Albany Star Monaco
Breaks Several Records

State has been successful iii the
past tears in recruiting area ath—
letes for theft teams, Gene Monaco
is no exception to the rule. Gene
came to Albany trotti Schenectady
at the iniportuniiigs of CoachJoseph
(illl‘t‘lti.

.\ llltt' \viesilei at Mont Pleasant
Iliin School he caught the eye of
t'oach (Jaici'a. Gene was a stat of
the tiesninan team and looked as if
he was the one to fill the shoes of
the izieai ('leni ('i'ow.

Tcn Victories

(Jeni- disappointed no one in his
debut as a music. giappfei'. lle
'.\t‘lit fltltillt‘li the season without a
defeat. The tiisi \aisiti season
left .".lon.no with a ltl-t) recoitl.
He went til the 1"oni I’l'outnanient
in (into and finished in fourth place.

tieite became the man to beat lll
Ine flit—11h) class as this season
got utnh-iwa\ Iieating Monacu be-
tanii- the coat of main of his sttoiig
opponents. (ieiie was ltIr' point; to be

beaten until he had set a record of
fifteen consecutive Wilts.

Gene is otin a junior and his
bound to set new records when the
season begins next year. He is no“
tied for the most pins lfl a careei
and has a shot at the most wms by
a wrestler in \"dl‘Slt) competition.

Gene has earned his place in the
history of Albany State wrestlers
and continues to be the focal point
of Garcia’s niatmen.

 

Gene Monaco

Girls loam Destroys Sage Squad

\V.r\.\ Itadiiiinton iiia. ie Illll‘lt“l

this siiitnr if eiionch |l.‘i'll“.l is
shown, the 1‘.\1‘lf ise iitttot f‘xllft‘t‘l»
inc ptcsenilt on .’\loiitta. .tnt Ines»
tax at t:-ltt in Sa\les Linn. .“iotlfiall
l'titi‘dt‘I'. itlt‘ llllt‘ tilt Malt‘b ll,

Nominations were open lot \\'.v\:\
Ulillt‘t‘l .5 [Hi Illt.‘ lllli'l-ltf} st lttltll .t'Jl.

The final list of iioiitiuees is posted
littl.l\ tilt the \\'.‘\1\ lillllt‘llft l-tnff I,
Keep a check as to when \tillli',’_ ‘.‘.lll
take place.

Basketball at Sago

llas‘xetttaii .‘i'poi‘ts Ilavs \vei c held
with ltussell Sage and tineonta on
March 3 and Match l~llt‘r>lit‘1'|l\t‘l\.
The State Girls slaughiei ed the Sage
team. the final scoie being 17—12.
lionna fteinolds and Kathy Lacey
were State’s high scoiei 5, each had
13 points.

Uiieonia. oit theother liaiid,pro\ed
to be no ptislto\et. The first and

set oiid teams each pla‘teiloitegame.
Slate". tiist team game was fast
moviniu

tineonta ptilfed out in fiont and
managed to sun fltei‘e dull the game
ended fit—31', State’s Late} led all
scoiei s with 1': points.

The second [Litlllt that Wth ilioie
suct ess and touted the Uiteoma
second squad ht till-T tall).

 

l uoncr N

All Tennis Candidates:

l’taciite begins Monday. April 6,
lot all candidates (fi‘esluiieii and
Varsity). Location of Practice will
depend on weather.

lieport in good physical condition.
This calls for Workouts during the
spring \‘at‘iilltili to get the legs and
arms iti shape.

 

