  

 

 

J“

 

  

 

 

'-

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ginnhpld
Quick, another draft. Here comes another poor devil from the

Junior Beer Party.

it.tl. Duties Inconsistent

We hope that the newly selected Resident Assistants
will be given a definite idea of the duties and prime
responsibilities of their jobs.

We feel that the duties of the job are now hopelessly
in conflict. A Resident Assistant is supposed to act
as a counselor to a floor of girls. At the same time
she is required to maintain discipline and issue warn-
ings among the girls.

It is impossible for one person to fulfill both duties
adequately. One duty must become subordinate to the
other. In either case, both the R.A. and her charges‘
will suffer.

We recognize the fact that it is sometimes necessary
to have a student in a position of authority to maintain
order, but we feel that it is totally unrealistic to expect
a student to be the confidante of a girl she has just
campused.

We believe that the prime responsibility of an ILA.
should be that of a counselor. As an older student in
primarily freshman—Sophomore dorms, she is in a
good position to provide a link between the students
and the administration.

This link should not become merely an extension
of administration requirements because the girl places
primary importance on her duty of enforcing rules.

suppression Creates ﬂwn Problems

This Monday may be a historic day in the life of pub—
lications at the State University of New York at Albany.
suppression may not come outon its regularly appointed
day (which is now Monday.)

From its inception, the weekly semi-literary, semi—
comic, semi-satiric niimeograph has been plagued
with a series of problems. Among these have, been a
very small staff, dissention within the thin ranks, and
a lack of contributions. Most of the writers for Silt
ECSSLQIL have graduated, withdri'iwn, or moved up to
the Primer.

.At one point an editor sueeeeded himself as editor
four times within a single term. iIis resignations
from the editorship were always met by the minor
hierarei'iy giving in to his demands and by his re~
instatement.

(‘urrently the constitution is being violated in sev—
oral minor ways. The eonstitution was deliberately
drawn in a sloppy way since the editors elainied only
Senate wanted them to haye a eonstitutiou. 'i'here is
eurrentiy no formal organization of the staff.

The main problems have not been with ilil‘ organi-
zation of the very few workers but with the laekof
money and the laek of writers. there was a time when
much material had to be rejeefed and a time when
this was possible since there was more material than
there Were lines to be filled.

The lack of money is related to the small staff amt
the lack of organization.

Many people who would be willing to write for an
independent journal of virtually free thought do not
write for iilmriﬂissioi. The reason may Well be the
attitudes of the people in charge toward their own
journal.

 

 

PAGE 4 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS FRIDAY. MARCH 20, 1964‘

Centliet-eI-lnterest law Needed

Before Senate settles down to the long
task of approving and compiling next
year’s budgets, we suggest that it take
the much-needed step of enacting a con-
flict-of-interest law.

We think this is a piece of legislation
which has long been overdue at State.

The student body’s newly-elected 48
representatives will be called on in the
next two months to pass upon the 1964-65
budgets of every organization supported
by Student Association. It is easily the
most important task facing any Senate
session.

On the basis of what the powerful
Finance Committee and Senate as a whole
approve or disapprove of will rest next
year’s Student Tax. It is on this basis
that the various student organizations
will draw their allocations.

Yet, throughout all the deliberations
that will follow in the next two months,
the decisions of Senate will not be tem—
pered by even the most rudimentary
conflict-of-interest law.

Most of the Senators belong to one or
more of the organizations whose budgets
are controlled by Student Association.

That a conflict—of-interest exists when
a Senator is called to pass upon thebudget
of an organization he belongs to can hardly
be denied. He is put in aposition where he
is torn between two conflicting loyalties.

We do not doubt the integrity of the
newly—elected Senators (or of past Sena—
tors for that matter), but we feel they
would be something less than human if
they were not at least heavily inclined to
favor the budgets of those organizations
to which the belong.

In many cases, they will have actually
taken part in the drafting of the proposed
budget which is submitted to Senate.

In cases of this nature it is obvious
that no Senator can maintai’nadispassion~
ate attitude. He can hardly be expected to.

We suggest that this situation be cor—
rected by Senate itself in the next few

weeks. A bill enacted along the following

lines would certainly go a long ways
towards removing conflict—of—interest in
Senahx

(1) All Senators who belong to an or~
ganization dependent on Student Associa—
tion financial support be disqualifiedfrom
voting on the budget of that organization
either on the Senate floor or in committee.

(2) That Senators so effeeted by this
rule be allovved to pat‘ti(‘ipat.e in any do—
bate entendant upon the budget inquestion.

As members of the organization whose
budget is being eonsidered they would be

able to discuss problems arising from the
budget in a far more knowledgable way
than other Senators.

(3) That the voting quorum of Senate
be adjusted so as to take into account
those Senators who are disqualified.

After a list of Senators in outside
organizations has been compiled, an aver—
age mean of cases of conflict-of—interest
could he arrived at, and the number de—
ducted from the voting quorum.

In our estimation the plan we have
just sketched out would help considerably
in the control of conflict—of—interest in
Senate.

Legislation of this nature is basic to
the smooth, objective functioning of any
government. Senate has been out of step
with this obvious truth for too long.

Now is the time for conflict—of—inte rest
legislation.

WSIIA leeks Central

While the ASP tries to refrain from at-
tacking individuals, there are occasions
when a personality becomes an issue. It
is our belief that this is now the case
with regard to WSUA and the director of
its “Intercom.”

This little man with his immaturity
worn on his sleeve has taken it upon him—
self to declare himself the chief god and
dirty linen washer of the Student Senate.
There is nothing we need less.

This dis-service to the college com-
munity is so complete that we find it
difficult to believe that the station man—
ager would put up with the form of tripe
that has been spouted by this impetuous
moral prostitutor of the broadcasting
industry.

The station manager talks of applying
to the Federal Communication Commis—
sion for a license as an FM station. Sup-
posedly the station will be judged on its
ability to broadcast in a professional
manner.

There has been no trace ofprofessional
broadcasting in the Intercom series, es—
pecially on Senate Close—Up.

\\'e am only wonder what this Senate
(‘lose—t'p is supposedly revealing. livery-
one knows that the senators know more
about their own procedures and their
own responsibilities than does the “writ—
er” of the Close—Ups.

\\'hile We sympathize, with \\'SI'A in its

attempt to have news of Senate, we do
hope that the station will find a more
suitable, more professional, and more

dignified method,

 

 

Albany Student Press

(SYAILISHID MAY
IV VHK CLASS OF

 

 

the Albany Student Press ta t) newspripur titrllilhllcli by the student body ml the brute University oi New York or Album.

iiiu ASP run, he reached by itiriiiog 4876M“.

iiii: poper you also be raor had by Ilillllilt} “tuilutllal‘ Hell of iV 2-3326. iiir:

ASP 006...,” Imamd in Room ‘) hi “I riirjtller Half, t‘) opnn horn lflf) in ii 00 pan. ‘iiindriy through Wednesday.

Nit i 1AM ‘;

(0| i/AN

iiiti i. run iitrli

liJiill ‘r. ilAHiJY
Muriuging iiltltJr

iRANit'L IN E. iOiSt Y

ASSULIulﬂ idiior

DAVID w. it MKS
i'rccuiiru ﬁtllivl

JOHN M. itiJNi i. it
Advertising Murinch

JOANNI f‘. SOiSIK
liJi|>ililulii Advertising lditor

Assistant iidituro
Dusk [llIlOIS
Columnists“ . t.

Ruporiurs . . . . . . . . ...

Photographers

All curiununicatrons must be uddrossed to the lrdilur and must be §lglled.

KARthJ‘tiiiii

i outmu lititor

JAt (Jill i iiii iy‘. ADAMS
Ahxtuttliu i<lrlul

JUSI PM W tiAt ti

()uiirur EllIiUl

lift/l In M

A>isJLfiJi0 [or ililtt ill ‘iupcrv 3 ii

LARitt It A. i)R‘)il‘ll
(ircuinllon-i‘niiuriga iitrri

RONAI i) N. itAMli IUIi

Sport's lillidi

iINIJA A. Mil tiliii)

Assor itiir’ i .fiiiii

JlJiilitl i). Mi is All

lusrnes ; MiliirllJCl

(UNlri R ['JOUIII A‘) \J, Ui’iiAM

Associate i‘iiotugruphy ' div-n

SUSAN i. iltL)M‘r(ii‘l
PUbilL Relation: lititur

i’L‘lrUIdii illUlliilUli, iluroid iyiiriu, Joseph Silvurniuii
iindy iioodiniiri, Muryi.mi VIUIIGSB‘ i’riien [tingI Hurry Wunur

i‘uul Jensen, Josupli (router, Put insane, Kuilly iirupiiy, Alex Duilriri, Furl Sciircrbur,

iuiltl Morton, J. Roger i co, ion loot

Linrtu lietizso, “dill Boyd, Rosuimuy Muiisuur, Lynn hurlii, Diane Johnson, (Jury Murdurh,

Wiliiurii SIIHilI‘ William (Jll y, Gory Kupiuli

. .Dennis (liuitii, Miciiuui Polar Painter, Richard Lokor, Joseph Mulioy

Nonios «ill be Wlillllold on request. ilic Aibuiiy

: . .
otudcnl i‘ross assumes no leapoiislbiilif iur opinions oriproseed in its columns or LUIIIIIIUHILUNUUS us such enprosswns do
.

not necessarily reflect its views.

 

a... .wﬂmmwuq ..-....-..

 

 

 

Features

0 Intercollegiate News
0 News Features
0 Humor

 

ALBANY S'I‘UDENT PRESS

FRIDAY- MARCH 20. 1964

PAGE 5

 

\ .‘w ,
Dr. Frank Currino talks to a group of second graders in the Proc-

tice School attached to the Normal School of Sinaioo, Cuiicon,
Mexico.

Anyone for an Exotic

 

Sip of Raspberry Beer?

In India the\ sip dare juiee, in
Turkey they quail liquid sherbet.
in Israel they go for a drink made
from the hint of the ran-us plant.

While Aiiiei'ii-aiis rti't! punt-hiring
or putting open aluminum top heei'
ruins. it Japanese host may he lining
up a spei-ial set of saki rups used
for the national rire Wine

And In the Masque provnires of
Spain. where ietieshiiient run to
a lilI-<II‘-ilii.SS affair shepheids
squee/e a t'ti'diShlit of “the bean—
iifui tripe" .ii .iiiii's tein'iii liliti
pair lied tiil irrli‘u. Sometimes. friends
pei loin. lliiS net the ioi eai'iiother,
piouideii. oi fiiIiISt‘diiitl they aim
hi please.

Refreshed World

i‘.i- it‘llt‘\lllir;' Wins 1d the ".iiitiii

.Iit‘ .ii ions iil'it't‘iiu-ttitll wire man’s
ilii‘dl inn'. fe .liliriiti'i Inan's .i'.r-i-
sit-ii. i'he Su'iss diiiif. Li ll(]iit‘i
il..ii Info‘. .tiiilli‘.i :r iill. Io SJ‘
d‘ ti- ‘-»i'..tiif  .\[ijii'i.'il'ii"tidlit‘l.
ii's lli.lfit‘ iildit .f l'iiillill..|’lldi of
rerun. lit’iiiS .ii d litter-1'. . .t‘l.t'it“i
limit) the siiipi-n - i ‘he fps.

the ti.itiiiii.ii him of inimi- r,
fill/fl of mint. ii.i.el exit" ,‘i.i.i
\\.it h. t... l.‘ r it ~»...,;

'.'\I til ,i u..- rash» is In... that
of .i lirlmiliﬂiittili iii ltilit‘ll iitl‘lii
lilti‘ ii.‘ .wniiiie 'ritr‘i. .‘a- l“.li
liiltii.‘ ltir'l Ihe i.e.n- i. .iitt H‘nt
id .i ioiiil tiiiliiiilt til min b lire f.i ..i.
Alit'l iliiitllt' i.1ii‘l. tlil riiiidrixy

.iai i dfi' iesu'

Hus-nan» di iii the ti.filiif..ti .ndt..i

iit’Jir—liiii lid-i red with emf .iliii.,
from am .e to :.filltl iiaidli .in.
.iidita is inipiiited lieie illiiti the
tSSit-i \lrirlili |ll.i‘\ he a hiiiuiiaie

Itiliiti iiii the inleinatiouai ‘ililtitiltitt.

Beer Old Stand By

ifeei, .iii iIIit'IilitlifiIidi hiyoiite

sini'e the bioni- Are, has gone so
niodein that nine billion inns a
.eai - ~iie.ii it 20 pet rent of those

in.th II' the U.S_r—.iie used Iopiirk--
di’t‘ ii.

would (‘Ui
state of

All this. of
little ire on the

rourse.
All'lt‘tlil

L'ganda. 'i'he'. might not mind alu—
iiiinuiii beer eaiis there, but they
time a fondness for banana beer,

as yet iililll't“.\'t‘ti
Ainei iraii trims

and uneaiined by

And some lsei'lniei's might be (i15~
appointed that the newfangled r-aiis
held no i‘aspbei i‘y heer. r-onsidered
a speeial iii-at in that ('Ii_\.

filoiorrans dimly rieeii tea.
steeped lit Itltlii teaies. in parts of
'i‘ibet iillfi Mongolia, tea iemes are
sir-aiiied, rriislied in a iiioii;ii’.iu.ide
into .i rake. tiieii boiled with iir'eY
gnu‘ei salt. peat spires,
Illlii~.. .iiri sometimes onions.

til :ilit't‘

Coffee Wei id Over

it. :iiii-iehi i-'ituopi.i people diaiik
.l iiitiiw  .i- the ridtee lit i'id»
'il'.ii IIIt‘ ii.i‘.eh-i sans. is sweet
r'ii-li;'li to iii.il.e .oui teeth ai'lie.
iu'i.s .tl‘li pit-lei sweet toffee -
.=.iu. i.e i-iuinfs ill'i‘i [ii the rap.
‘iiii ii-fS  "v -.ihiiie munt',
i'e \ie. -- e siii ‘.\iil[IjH"i fll'dlil
i1.» win-e: man. Russians
t I' lit ltii'. .idiee ‘.'.liil ilfil itioeii»
'iie. \nieiirahs dit‘ Liftlidl.‘ the
till iii.filiiilliii tlillt‘t‘ di ifiixr'ih,
it .. ‘.r>itit| two million tttjiS a
iii
i.r' ui.|i t“. .1 undo ..iiied ie—
it woman limit on turrhl nuspei'l.
.\i lint I let. iiilt‘fi‘lii .niiuiain giie
mil. iii.ii’. fi uni. i . people It. tui—

ion. piii. ol thr- thoiid. .'\liliiltt' the
iiei.1id iiriid. itie iI".iii“.t-s .itiitttiti
2i..- futiirfiii we: the ifaiiies are
Iieiif ltl ‘iitt ll hirhesteein that iiit‘)’i e
also used as iUIIliIltW.

Suge Surd it

An illifii‘ili ttoiuan sage by the
l‘eiioiiias Would have up—
pi oxed hiyhly. lhilfalo milk or date
jttii'e id beer iiI aiuiiimuin runs
Illlj'lii ltiiit‘ stinrk him a}. stiange
.iiiil emfir. bin who wins ago he
roined a plume that's apt hii all
thesis ii-fi'eshmenls and more:

"Let us wet our whistles.”

iidliie of

Dr. Currino Returns From Visit
To Central America, Mexico

Dr. Frank G. Carrino,

States Department of State.

by Debbie Friedman

Director of the Center for Inter-American Studies at
State recently returned from a two month trip 'to Central America. His trip to
Mexico was at the invitation of the American Specialists Branch of the United

This invitation to spend thirty-one days in Mexico grew out of a Seminar on
Education that the Center sponsored for sixty-two Mexican Normal School teachers

last summer. A secoan
group of teachers partici—
pated in a similar seminar
here in January, 1964.

A third group of Mexi—
cans will come here in

June. its a result of the sin-ress of
the first two pi'ogi LIIIIS. This group

will l'IiiISlSt of \t'iifitii :idiuinisiia-
ttii’s.
Philosophy of Program
The philosophy of the piogram

iiit‘st‘ people what
they should do. ltaiher. an attempt
is made to show the paiiiripaiiis
what methods we feel are PliP('il‘-t'
iu edur-aiioii.

is not to tell

Then these iearhei‘s adopt any
ideas ‘.\'iilt'il ihe\ feel would be
useful in their individual rlass—

room situations.

“You don’t just time a program
and send the pai'iir-ipaiiis bark.”
said Dr. (Tannin. Thus he went
to Mexico to observe the partici-
paiing rear-hers and evaluate ilie
methods they used. He saw diieei
results of the program in many
setiools.

On his ii ip Dr. ('arriiio observed
one of his suggestions iit'lir.‘ rar—
i'ied out in se'.ei'ai areas. This
idea is the establishment of Ii-
braries in earti ('itlSSIiuiiti.

Mexican Education
The edihaih-nal susieni ihai Iir.
(fart iiio oi sei \ed lII Mean o is \ei'y
differeiii than IIIiIS. Afiei SIX xenis
of piiiuai‘. t‘iitltntleli ilie «tudem
SUNS ii' \i‘Hiii‘ittI‘. attend for three

\(‘tii‘u
'i'be :t'.t'l.’i‘,'t' si-i-iiiidiii‘. sehooi
giaduaie is \i'.it‘('if ‘.t".tiS old. ,\

student iiiieiesied in eieiiieniaiu
st noid feat-hm». then poi-s to a Nor—
iiiai Sitiiiot for three ieais. Stu—
dents tiiiie [ittif‘ilil' ieai illiit'. Silli—
it.i: io idil pioriam, Some students
berm .iriuai iearhiiir refine Itiei
graduate

hi these i uses. the lt'Lit'iit'i s [all -
ililiiiiii‘ ril (‘Xit‘fiSiliiI ('filliSt’S iiilfi

   

r. .1

Dr. Corrine addresses a grou

poi En

seminars designed to help them.

In Mexiro there are five renters
whirh SIJECI‘dilZP. inii'aiiiiiigtearhei's
for country sehoots. Students ac—
r-epting government seholarships to
these srhools must aeeepf any teach-
ing position that the government
offers them.

Mexico's Progress

“We often think oi Alexno as
a place that hasn’t [)I‘tit’I'PSSefi very
Iliiif‘il in edur'ation. but they are
proreedmg iii a manner that we
eouldii‘i meet it we had the same
renditions." This was Dr. Car-
iiiiii’s obseryafiou after extensive
htvsei'iations.

After observing elassroom sitti—
:nioiis and lecturing on Ameriran
I‘Idueaiion methods to future teat-h—
ei's in Mexn'o, Dr. Cal‘i‘ititi r-oii-
iinued his trip under the auspir‘es
of the Ainei'ir-aii Assoriation ofCol-
leges for Toni tier i'Idnr-ation.

lie \isned Guatemala. Honduras,
Niraiugua. Costa Itiea. and lil Sal—
\adoi‘.

Social Studies Projects

Dr. (‘ai riiio leeiured on the
" I'ear‘hing oi Sor'iui Studies lIl lligh
St'hooi" utili":\lllel‘it';itiicitillt'ﬂtitill."'
Another of MS tasks in these rouii-c
ti ms was ioassessiheeffeeiiveness.
of ilil' it‘itf‘itiiiil of Sta-ml Studies in
then shroud-am St‘iltitiiS.

Dr. (‘aiiiiio also met with the
Minisiei oi India-anon in ear-h roun—
'i‘. to help in the seier'iion of ten
Sinial Studies teat-hers to meet
(Jiltfit‘iilditi (in this August to pai—
iii-ipate in a Seminar oiiSoi-ial Sind-
ies Methods.

I'Iiis Will he the first Seiiiiuai of
this type to be field nit‘enii‘ai Amer-

iea. i"i'.'r t‘nni-d Shires sperialisis
lti die Siam] Sen-ares \\’lil meet
with these ti'fti'hei s iii r'l \Sittiilltf

ilie roueepi ..f Sin-nil Siudies te.ieti—
lti‘ .ii the feiilial Aiueriraii i oun-

it ten.

...

giish Teachers in San Jose, Costa

America at the invitation of the State Department.

One of the aims of the confer-
enre will be to stimulate hook puh-
lii'ation there to establish guide-
lines for teachers there who are
not used to using text hooks.

lie tried to contart repi‘eSenta-
tives of various Central American
UniverSities to try to establish a
foreign study iJI'tiLII'aIIl for State
students in at least one of them.
The program is presently being
tlmeloped.

Dr. Cai'rino also interviewed and
selerted fifteen candidates for a
United States Offir-e of Education
[)i'tijer't. Seven or eight of the teach-
ei's Will be l-roughi to the United
States to Work with our Spanish
learners.

Warm Receptions

A warm i'ereptioii met Dr. Car-
rino in every reuiitry he VISIteti.
It was friendlier than he ever ini—
agiiied. In tWo Mexican States he
was declared an “Official Visitor
of the State” and i'ereived the key
to almost every eifv he Visited.

“As an individual I was received
wnh open arms. There was no
anii-Ameriean feeling sliownagainst
me," said Dr. Carrnio.

'I‘his warm reception may hepar-
iidii‘. due to the tart that Dr. Car-
rino speaks Spanish fluently and he
tries tti understand the problems of
the people he meets.

I-jien in Honduras and Guatemala
wheie there is often strong anti—
:\Itt('l'lf‘LlIt setitttiieiit. he was iie\ei'
Iii—Iti‘t'tél‘JEfi.

Dr. Cai'i'iiio has been here since
i'titt. With the help of President
(‘ollms he organized the Center for
liner—Aiiiei'n an Studies. In the near
future It IS hoped that the Center
Will be idle to not otii\ tiring (‘eii-
rial Ameiiran students and tearh-
eis heie. hm also to send Ameri-
t'dtiS there.

 

“ v. 7' I i,
A- ' '
’ NA *' "'

 

Rica.He spent two months in Latin

 

