  

 

 

   

...And let us fly, man...iust

let us fly

Lethargy Charge Denied
By LS. Council President

Pledges and Greeks alike can
now take a deep breath and relax.
This year’s Formal Bush came
to a close last weekend with the
pledging of HS women into State’s
eight sororities. Fraternities had
pledged 95 men one week earlier.

State’s Greeks sliotild be able
to profit widely front the experi-
ences of the two jammed-packed
weeks that comprised the Formal
Rush.

From I.S.C. President, Leona
Kerpel. comes one evaluation of
the whirl—wind event. On the whole,
according to the Greek women, the
rushing period was suecessful al-

though very “intensified”.

Regulations Effective
In particular, says Miss Kerpel,
the regulation required attendance
at eight of eight open houses was

effective. It helped to give all the
prospective pledges an insight into
life in all the houses.

For the fraternity rushees there
was no compulsory rule concerning
the visiting of all Fraternities. In
the fwu weeks between the Smoker
and the stag parties there were
no scheduled events.

 

Please, brother, I'd rather

do it myself

 

Phi Delta ropes in rushees

at conflict party

 

 

A thousand

people a clay

vote the Student - Union way

Visit your

Student Union
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIJ

Sn ark Bar

 

 

PAGE 6 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 28. 1964

MOST OREEKS PLEASED WITH OUTCOME OF RUSHING PEIOD

Friday night all the fraternities
held held stag parties, and on Sat-
urday date parties were presented.
There Were both formal and infor-
mal date parties given on Saturday.

Fraternity men thought this
system was sensibleandsuccesst‘iil.

Protested Lethargy

Miss Kerpel vigorously protested
the ASP editorial of February Bl
which accused the Greeks of “leth-
argy." On the contrar\, site points
out. cotiiplaints were made that the
sororities were trying to pressure
freshmen hefoie official rushing.
This would show cnthustam rather
than lethargy.

The 2.0 requiretiiem did not ser-
iottsly change either sorority or
fraternity rushing. If anything, that
requirement eliminated those who
Would be able to deyote their ttill
time to studies andGreekat-tivities.

In general, the Greeks were
“pleased” With the outcome.

sororities Represented
The new ltush Committee for the
Sororities this year proved to lit?
most ef't'ectiye. It consisted of rep-
resentatiyes of all sororities who
remained on hand at all times to
answer questions of freshmen.

Nest year, Miss Kerpel icyealed.
the Bliin Committee will consist
of sorority girls who Will not put-
ticipatc in ittshing. but will seiye
as counselors for the pledges.

Instead of l'ettttiai'y itishing nest
'.cat the schedule (-91“ tm moxctl
l’fli'h to March. but this tWti \‘.t'l'l\
iush period .1 Matt h st‘litultllc will
some to make lllt' Greeks llltilt'
tritgani/ed.

Preparations will not li.t‘.t,‘ to be
made during the mam pei iod, Wlllt it
Will make If casn-i onbtitlilt’utt-I'HIH
mothers and sworn. sisters. .

 

 

 

 

make you look like a "Beatle" yet.

Rushees form fraternity life line as they await their turn to pick up bids

   

Peace Corpsman

ALBANY STUDENT P

Sees Success

Service leaves Deep Impression

by George De won

(the last of the series)

'7 I
(  Im/I/ you come lo the end. T/icn sIo/i ‘

[be King cottr/nr/cr/.") i/ii’d

Many are eager to know how we
were initially received by the Sierra
Leoneans, how they treated us, and what
their response was when the first group
completed its tour and left. When we
arrived we were treated cordially but
with little fanfare. No brass bands. No
ticker tape parades.

We were taken to Fourah Bay College,
greeted warme by the Minister of Edu—
cation and the President of the College,
given a few days orientation of the coun-

      

Science students at the Karouga Secondary
School are introduced to the slide rule by a
volunteer.

try, and then sent out to our various
assignments around the country. Little
fuss was made and we were cased into
the society quietly and unobtrusively (for
which We were all thankful).

This country has a long history of
expatriate Ia‘uropoan teachers (mainly
British) and a good percentage of the
people took our coming as more of the
same, only from America. Some thought
We were missionaries; relatively few had
ever heard of the Peace Corps, it having
littlc or no meaning for them.

Of course, the longer \Vt‘ Wcrc thci'c the
better the people got to know us, and as
we explained to thcm the function of the
Peace (‘orps they began to undcrstnnd,
but I really think it made Iitllc tliffci‘ciicc
to them. 'I‘hcy wcre certainly glad to
have us and :ippi'eciutcd what wc wcrc
trying to do. \\'c wcrc nioi'c oftcn idcn—
tificd as Atticricniis than :is I’cucc (‘oi'ps—
mcn, a fact which made IittIc dil'fcrcncc

to us.
Basic Function of Corpsman

And, in rctrospcct, what kind of lob
did wc do‘,’

As I scc if, thc basicltiiictiotioftt I’czicc
(‘oi'psmnn is thrccfold: (l) to provide
much-ticcdcd technical assistuncc to a
host country; (13) to do sonicthing' which
will hpr his own country (by bcconiing;
bcttt-r citizcii, pcrhaps‘.‘ - l hayt- only it
vuguc idca of what “bcttcr,” in this
contcxt, mcans, but I will ticccpt it tenta—
tivcty. And also (again perhaps) — please
forgive nic —~ proscnting It cci'ttiiii “im—
tlg‘c,” the. latter being it distasteful word
“111. hopefully in this c: so, apropos); (ii) to
do something which will bc of bciicfit to
himself (there is a certain amount of“so1f—
fldfillmcnt” involvod here which can be
acuter felt but poorly verbuIIZod.)

The first is obvioust the most impor—
tant of the three but it would take little
acuity to see that they are, in fact, insep-
arable. The extent and degree to which a
Volunteer successfully fulfills the. first
purpose will undoubtedly (but not invari—

.,

   

ably — it depends upon a person’s defi—
nition of “success”) be the extent and
degree to which he fulfills all three.

The effects of a teaching assignment
are not as discernible or immediately
obvious as they would be in building a
road or digging a well. However (and
this is admittedly a biased point of View),
in the long run they are probably more
important and lasting.

How does one determine if he has made
any impact on a country after teaching
two years? In a very real sense, he
doesn’t. However, if I may be allowed to
inspect the microcosm for a moment I
find something of interest.

Effect on Physical Aspects

I look back and compare the school in
which I taught when I first came to Sierra
Leone with what it was when I left. I see
students, for the first time, being taught
by a qualified mathematics teacher; I see
a library grow from next to nothing to
something which is well on its way to
meeting at least minimal standards; I see
a slight increase in the number ofpasstng
papers on the national exams.

I see a mathematics syllabus existing
where none existed before; I see order
developed out of chaos in the mathematics
curriculum; I see new facilitiesforextra—
curricular athletic activities being setup;
I see a new attitude developing on the part
of the students vis-a—vis the meaning of
education. By no means the product of
my hand alone, but a product of the hands
of all who were there to see and hpr it
grow — three other I’oacc Corpsmcn and
a remarkably sympathctic principal who
gave free reign to our ideas.

This is mv reward. 'I‘his tsmy success.

Service Leaves Deep Imprint

We left as quietly as we cntcrcd. the
people were reassured to know that we
would be rcplaccd by new Volunteers,
However, many wore honcstly sorry to
See us go. (inc hutcS to say “(ioodby'c.
my friend. I have cnjoycd livitig and
working with you for IR months. But
I shall chcr see you :ignin,”' ’I'he Itiftcr
was usually Icft unspoken.

'l‘he. farcwclls wcrc brief; thcbags wcrc
quickly packcd; the jccp was lotidcd and
we drove to the airport. After taking onc
hasty look back, wc climbcd the steps of
thc plane and scalcd oursclvcs into our
airtight comptii'tniciit.

\\'c left as wc caiiic, with one cchp—
tion, We had tcft part of oursclvcs bchiiid
and wcrc taking away with us soon-thing
which \y'c did not havc whcii \vc arrivcd —-
.‘t ccrtziin knowlcdgc; ft certainztwarcncss;
u ccrtain sympathy and understanding.

fltlt' job will not bc complctc until wc
httvc passed these things on to othcrs.

ins Li I
. m.

     
  

          

    

Basketball becomes a part of life at the Ku-
rouga School as a volunteer and students erect
a backboard frame.

 

RESS. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 28. 1964 PAGE 7

 

   
  

Q
77p obit/3

 

 

 

On mudng

(Author of "Rally Round the Flag, Boys!"
and "Barefoot Boy With Cheek".)

ARF!

Benjamin Franklin (or The Louisville Slugger, as he is better
known as) said, “A penny saved is a penny timed,” and we,
the college population of America, have taken to heart this sage
advice. We spend prudently; we budget diligently. Yet, despite
our wise precautions, we are always running short. Why? Be-
cause there is one item of expense that. we consistently under-
(‘h‘lltlltlt0-ll|0 cost of travelling home for weekends.

Let us take the typical case of Basil Metabolism, a sophomore
at. UCLA majoring iii avocados. Basil, it resident of Bangor,
Maine, loved to go home each weekend to phiy with his faithful
dog, Spot. What. joy, what wretithed smiles, when Basil and
Spot were rc—unitedl Basil would leap into his dogcurt, and
Spot, a genuine Alaskan husky, would ptill Basil all over Bangor,
Minnow Basil calling cheery litilloos to the townfolk, Spot
wagging his cttrly tiiil.

  
   
      

s3" '

Btit lllt' cost, aims. of travelling from t'(‘I.;\ to Bangor, Maine,
I'illl to $«ltlti :t Hindi. and Basil's father, alas, carncd only a
mcagrc salary as n tnetcr—rcadcr for thc Bangor water (It-part-
mciif. So, iilas, after six months Basil's father toltl Basil he
could I':|l.\t' no more money; hc had already sold everything he
owncd. including thc flashlight he used to read meters.

Basil rctiirncd to (‘alifornia to ponder his dilemma. ()ne
Nillllltltt occnrt-d to him to ship Spot to I'(‘l.:\ and keep him
III his room btit Basil had to abandon the notion because of
his roommate, (l. bred Sigiifoos, who was, alas, allergic to dog
hair.

'l‘hcii another idca came to Basil a stroke of gctiitis, you
might call it. He would buy a Mcsican hairless chihuahua!
'l‘htis hc would have a dog to pull him around, and fl. l‘d‘t‘tl'n'
:illct‘gy would bc undisturbed.

'I‘hc rcstilts, alas, \vt-rc not all Basil lmd hoped. 'l‘he chihua-
hua, alas, \\tt> unable to ptill Basil in thc dogcart, no matter
hoyy t-ncrgctically lic boat the :tIlllIlill.

licfcatcd again, Basil sat down with (i. bred, his roommate,
to smolo- .'l Marlboro t'igarcttc and sock it new answer to thc
lil'tiltlt‘lll 'I'ogcthcr thcy smokcd and thought and l‘llll'l'kill
.‘fll :ttl>\\t‘t‘ quickly :tppciircd. (I do not suggest, mark you, that
Marlboro ('igitrcttcs are an Hill to ccrcbrutioii. .~\ll I say about
.'\l:it'lboi'o.~ is that they taste good and are tiiadc of llllt' tobaccos
and purc \\l|llt‘ filtcrs and conic in Mill pack or Hip 'l‘op box.)

Wcll, >It', B:i~il and fl. l‘tcd got :i great llll'it. Actually, lltt‘
idcii \\:1.\(l Fred's, who happcncd to ltt‘ majoring ll] genetics.
Why not, \Iflfl (I l"rcd, ('t'oss—bt'cctl the chihuahua with :i (lrciit
lizmc and thus product- no animal sturdy enough to pull it dog-
cat‘t‘.’

If “its, aims, (flittlllt‘l' plan dooiticd to ftiilitt‘c. 'l‘hc cross—brccd—
mg Wm dotic, but thc result (this is \ci'y' difficult to csphiiii) Was
it rill'l'llllll.

But fhcrc I>, I am pleased to report, a happy coding to this
ltl'ltl‘lrl't'llfllllt', talc It scctiis llmt Hunt's mothcr (this is also very
difficult to t-ypliimi is it glamorous blond :tgcd Iii years, tine
day >ltt‘ \\:l> \titillt'tl by a talent scout in Bangor, Maine, and
was \ltLIIt'tl to :i t:ibtilou.~ movic contract, and thc cnttrc faintly
ttio\ctl to l‘.’tllllil‘llltt and bought licl \it', and today oiic of lllt‘
most ctidcat‘mg sights to be sccti on fhc ctitit'c l‘actlic t‘onst is
Spot pulling anil down Sunset Boulcvnrd Basil cliccritig and
>pot wagging tasil ~ mother is also happy, making glaliiorous
nioy ics all day long, and Bands fatltcr is likcwisc content, :dl<

[tug at hottic :itid t‘czitfttig llic yytttcr Itictcr o m,” M,” chum,“

* * *
I’tic‘fltt' ('ouitf, l flu/inc (bust, the great Ilcurllttm! in lieftrccri
no! to alien/r of Alaska and lltlu‘aff-thff of this is Marlboro
('otinfr/j. Light up and ﬁnd out for yourself,

 

BLUE NOYE SHOE

 

‘ Mow OPEN
“confirms. Until 9 P.“
JOHN MISTLETOE
800K SHOP

PHDNOGBAPHS
BEPMBEO

In ("clan AM
m) (an: (Inn in v r In

 

“0 HIII

 

 

 

238 Washington Ava.

 

 

 

 

Gerald Drug Co.

 

tl‘t Western Ave.

MKE'S

504 Hudson Ave.
Albany, N.Y.

IV 2-42”

Albany, N. I.
Phone 0-8010

 

 

 

IV 2-9894

 

 

