 
 

i:

lg
é .

  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

if?

 

  
 
 

 

No, it won't be that bad - It can’t. Can it?

 

 

 

 

. COMMUNICATIONS

 

Willi Improves

 

 

Sieng Student Considers
Rock Wallaby in Bad Taste

To the Editor:

In reply to. your recent request
for. criticism regarding 'l‘im At-
well’s cartoon and with respect to
your policy statement concerning
the publication of this cartoon, I
would like to make the following
comments: ,

i. In the May 1, 1964 issue of
the Albany Student Press, you stated
that there are “Some institutions
that have needed a little gentle
piercing for a long time.”

Since Mr. Atwell’s last two car-
t00ns were direct attacks on the
wisdom of God and on Christianity,
I presume that these are two of
the “institutions” to which you re-
fer.

2. Mr. Atwell's most recent car-

.toon was, ostensibly, an attack on

those individuals who attend reli-
gious services though they do not
actually believe in aSupreme Being.

Unfortunately, the cartoonist uti-
lized a univocai term (“Christian-
ity”) rather than a particular one.

‘1 believe that the term, "Chris-

tion,” by its very nature, implies
a belief in Christ and, therefore,
would not include those who at-
tend religious services for other
purposes than to worship God.

3. Mr. Atwell's closing remark
on “fan clubs” was in extreme bad
taste. To the true Christian, the
symbols to which he referred are
considerably more than status sym-
bols.

In conclusion, I would like to say
that freedom of the press does not
warrant irresponsibility on the part
of an editor. A newspaper has a
social responsibility as well as a
duty to inform.

In the publication of the Atwell
cartoon, 1 would say you have neg-
lected the former.

J. T. Chapman;
Photographer-Writer
Siena News

Student Attacks Cartoon.
ASP Editor's Competence

To the Editor:

I attack your decision to con-
tinue the nature of the Rock Wol-
loby cartoon. I also attack your
competence as the editor of any
Paper-

How can you allow this distaste-
ful exhibition of psuedo-intellectual
behavior to continue is beyond me.
What your intentions are also passes
me by.’

Although the administration has
given the campus publications a
free-hand in suppling (sic) the stu-
dents with news, I feel they too will
be lacking good judgement if they
allow this to continue.

The Albany Student Press (ASP)
represents our entire student body.
Is this what we consider tobe funny?
Or is it you that has come personal
battle against God?

Karl Damanda '66

New-Campus Churchgoers
Face Transport Problems

To the Editor:

In the past, the university admin-
istration has made short shrift of
college publications for their alleg-
edly misinformed, hasty editorial-
izing. It is time for the administra-
tion to look towards its own fences.

For certain administrative rep-
resentatives’ treatment of the prob-
lems that students on the new cam-
pus will face in attending religious

services has been decidedly hasty
and misinformed.

University personnel have stated,
before student bodies, that “there
are lots of churches in the area of
the new campus." There are, if-
one does not mind walking a mile
or two.

For example, the Protestant
church nearest the Western Avenue
entrance is the Seventh Day Adven-
tist: walking distance? almost a
mile from the towers.

Ah, but what about bus transpor-
tation - surely the University will
provide that? Never on Sunday. Ac-
cording the representatives of the
Housing office, we surely can’t“ex-
pect the University to pay your
travel expenses for you to go to
church.”

Guess not. Not now. Of course,
there is one public bus every hour.
With careful planning, you might
make it into the city; get out early,
and you might even find a seat.

John C. Crary, Counsel to the
State University, wrote President
Collins the following statement in
1958 regarding the use of state
facilities by sectarian religious rep-
resentatives:

“It is appropriate to point out
that no question of interference
with any student's freedom of wor-
ship is involved. The students at
your college are not under military
discipline or in any other way de-
prived of their liberty to seek and
find spiritual ministrations and
guidance of their own choice.”

It is “appropriate to point out”
that the isolation of the new cam-
pus most certainly does interfere
without attempt to “seek and find
spiritual ministrations and guid-
once."

We are not here asking the Uni-

 

Albany Student Press

IOTAILIINID MAY 1".
IV TN. cues 0' III.

 

 

The be reached by dialing

The Albany Student Press is e news
Ab? any 
The A3. elites, located in loom 5 of Irubecher tiol ,

.eTh

WILLIAM H. CDLGAN - EDIT” 5. HARDY

“MIN I. Will!“
ng Edit.

JACQUELINE I. ADAMS
Aeeosleto Editor

CVNYttlA A. 6000M“
Aseosleto foetus Editor

103"" '. DALU
Senior Editor

100"” M. CWOEI
Auction Technical “genie-r

CAIIIN A. OWSINl
Cbsuletlen lull-ego (dit-

Co-Iditus-in-Chiel

RONALD W. NANIL’TON
Sports dlter

LINDA A. NGCLOUD
Aesocloto Editor

HAROLD L. LYNNE
Aseeslete Sports Editor

JUDl‘ttt D. MITCAU'
Iuslnell Manager

DOUGLAS 0. UPNAN
Photography Editor

llehod by the student body of the State Unlvorsl

at New York at Albonl.

per ¢I| also be reached by dialing Dru echor H II at W 2-33?
is open from It” to ":00 p.m.. Sunday tlireirgh Wednesday.

EARL G. SCNRE iER
Arte gator

DEBORAH I. FRIEDMAN
esociote Editor

DAVID W. JENKS
Esocutivo Editor

JOHN M. HUNTER
Advertising Manager

JOANNE C. 50'“
Consultant Advertising Editor

SUSAN J. TNOM‘
Public Relations “l9:

 

Assistant Editors
Deeb ldtrer

 

Colo-Ila" ................ ....Peul Jensen, Joseph

Report." .................. ..£lioen thrilling

Jesoo Vllvermon Nanc Blieb
Fiidﬁbzsone. suit... lenses

Genes, Pet Futons, Kathy Brophy, Ales Dellini, Steven Curtl, John

Marion. J. Roger Lee la Ls t
, Linda Sous", Beth Boyd, Rosemary, Monsour. Lynn Kurth, Dione'lollhserl,
5am Cyprestl, llliom Smith, William Gray, Gory Koplen

 

Phote'ophers

Dennis Church, Richard Loker, Joseph Mohay

All communications must be addressed to the Editor and must be signed. Names will be withheld on request. Th.
Albany 5tudent Press assumes no responsibility for opinions expressed in its columns or communications, as such

expressions do not necessarily reflect in views.

The third “all new” WSUA radio station made its
appearance two weeks ago. Since that time we believe
the station has distinguished itself with a vastly im-
proved quality of broadcasting and newscasting.

WSUA revamped its format three times this year in
an effort to increase its listening audience. The first
two were dismal attempts which introduced program-
ming consisting mainly of insipid “good music” that
sent most listeners quickly scrambling to their radio
dials.”

The new format, if not so lofty in ideal and content,
at least has the advantage of attracting listeners.
Many of the disk jockies (Ron Roberts and Bob Bonner,
for example) present popular music shows that would
do justice to a professional station.

The quality of WSUA newscasts must not be over-
looked. Most professional stations have only part time
news men, leaving the newscasts up to harassed DJ’s
who hardly have time to give their UPI machines
proper attention. Newscasts on professional stations
are also leveled at the twelve—year old minds of their
audiences.

WSUA offers a world news service to a collegiate
audience that simply cannot be found anywhere else in
Albany. News is offered up--to~the-minute, in an uncut
version and mature manner.

We have often been critical (for good reason) of
WSUA in the past. Now, we feel most of the causes of
our criticisms have been corrected. We hope the
station builds the audience it deserves among State
students.

Religion Part of University

(Editor's Note: The following are excerpts taken from an article
by William V. Grimes, of the Philosophy Department, in the April
l6 issue of Sltandalon. We apologize for any lack ol continuity
we may have brought about, but we feel that the article and its
ideas are well presented and extremely significant.)

“Counsel for the State University of New York has
issued the opinion that it would be illegal for any State
University properties to be used for group worship or
for group sectarian instruction or counselling, though
individuals may indulge in these practices on state
property without being considered in violation of the
law if they do so on a personal and private basis.

It is not my intention to challenge the correctness
of Counsel’s interpretation of the prevailing drift of
juridicial opinion and rulings on this matter, but
rather to raise some questions as to whether this
prevailing drift is not more than a bit ludicrious and
more than a bit dangerous in its concept of what legal
prescriptions are required to protect constitutional
freedoms.

It is a sad irony that laws intended as safeguards to
freedoms sometimes work out in practice to infringe
the very freedoms they are supposed to be guarding.

The fundamental import  seems clearly to be
that all government should remain strictly neutral in
regard to religious beliefs and practices, while at
the same time maintaining an environment in which
all forms of self-expression desired by the citizenry
are encouraged so long as these are not in themselves
destructive of freedoms.

I am shocked that it has become illegal in New York
State for a group of students at a state college or uni-
versity to assemble on their campus for a vespcr
service, or a communion breakfast, or to listen to an
invited sectarian representative counsel or instruct
them in accordance with the religion he represents.
The effect of this prohibition seems to me to be thc
exact opposite of what I take to be its basic intention.

Freedom is not preserved by it, but unnecessarily
curtailed; the state is not represented to the student
(and citizenry in general as the non-partisan on—
courager of all form of self-development and scll'~
eXpPeSSion. but rather as neurotically fearful of the
effects of a particular kind of group expression,
namely the religious.

I can see legitimate grounds (but not always con—
clusive) for opposing incorporation of religious prac—
tices into official state programs, be they political.
educational, ceremonial. or any other type; and mani—
festly there are legitimate grounds (but not always
conclusive) against using tax monies to provide facil~
lties specifically for religious practices.

Are we to deny the‘ use of a conveniently located
and clearly available room on campus because we are
fearful that such permission might be the first step
in a process that would be subversive of our freedom?

“A free university is a place where options
are available—mot a place that has been
antiseptlcally de-religionized.”

 
 

   

P Features

0 Intercollegiate News.
0 News natures
- Humor

 

 
  
 

    

 

Maureen Glosheen

Barbara Ann Fitzpatrick

by Cynthia Goodman

Saturday afternoon, in Washington Park,
five girls from Albany State will be waiting
breathlessly to hear the name of the new
tulip queen of Albany.

These girls: Barbara Ann Fitzpatrick ’65,
Maureen Glasheen ’67, Margery Mays ’67,
Marion Miner ’66, Diane Skutnik ’67, have
have all been nominated by someone for the
honor of ruling over the tulip festival this
year.

The tulip festival is held every May as a
bond between the city of Albany and Holland.
It is a recognition both of the Dutch back-
ground of the city and an exchange that
occurred in World War 1. During the war,
Albany had sent equipment and aid to the
Netherlands, and in return, the beleagured
country had sent tulips.

Over 200 girls were interviewed from
the group of nominees before the 25 semi-
finalists were chosen. These girls were

v v

Gammon-Sta!”

by Mary Lewis & Corolyr: $chrnoll

N

“Only believe half of what you see and nothing that is

written.”

Believe it, or not!

1. After a great delay, the special days chairmen and results of Senate

Replacement Elections for 1905 will be announced.

2. The administration is chartering a plane for those students living on
have 8 o’clock classes ill the English Annex.

the new campus who

3. Room drawings will be held again next week. This is due to the fact

that somebody cheated.

4. Next semestcr has been designated as Dormitory Umly Semester.
All Greeks in ilru will wear bolls around their necks. Who said segre-

gation was against the law?

5. There is a God— right Rock?

6. The Balfour man did ll again.

7. Greeks in the Cave] Voter Registration may some a double purpose.

8. WSUA will present an award to the first campus-celebrity who 01
walks into the Union on Saturday afternoon. The line will form at 9 run.

9. Senate will make an appropriation soon for a new sandwich board not
for the Student Union. The present one will be framed and hung above

the banner as a tribute to its endurance.

10. It's cheaper to go to a state university.

'1. Don’t let this out, but the new dorms will be named after the ASP's

 

Who else has your weekend favor?

FRIDAY. MAY 8, 1964

 

Margery Mays

entertained at a tea, and then interviewed
again. From this group, the girls were re-
duced to eleven finalists.

The Queen and her Court will be chosen
from the eleven finalists. They will repre-
sent the city of Albany throughout the year,
and therefore must be selected with great
care.

Some of the criterion for the selection
were personality, appearance, background
and experience and poise.

The final judging will be on Friday, by
three out—of-town judges. The decision,
however, will remain a secret until Sat-
urday afternoon, just before the coronation.
Maureen Glasheen commented:

“We were told to go out and have a good
time Friday night, but that’s easier to say
than to do, believe me.”

Before the judging, the girls will be taken
through the city of Albany on a special tour
and appear on television, WRGB, Wednesday

Five girls are competing for the
Tulip Crown this year from State,
but for JoAnn Gross, this year’s
tulip festival marks the end of
an exciting reign. Her one-word
description of the year’s events
is a glittering “wonderful.”

After her coronation last May,
JoAnn participated in a whirl of
social events which included ’75
functions: luncheons, store open-
ings and meetings in the Albany
area. As part of her reign, she
was given a free plane trip to
New York City.

She also received a $345 warti-
robe and charge accounts at down-
town stores.

Queen .loAnn was required to give
spontaneous speeches at some
events. While at first she appeared
With her court, she later had to
appear alone. Most of her engage-
ments were in the Spring and Fall
months.

One of the truly exerting aspects

being tulip queen. JoAnu re-
ports, is meeting the hundreds of
people whom you ordinarily Would
have met. She felt that her
education as an individual has been
broadened by these contacts with
people in all walks of life and with
every social background.

The funny thing about her role
says JoAnn, was that in spite of
the hectic schedules, her college

Marion Minor

 

In addition to the prizes and 0p- 1
portunities she was given as queen, 3‘“

PAGE 6

Diane Sltutnilt

Five State Co-eds Vie for Crown in Tulip Festival

night.

Once the queen is crowned, a hectic year
begins. Saturday night, she will hostess the
coronation ball at the DeWitt Clinton Hotel.
Sunday afternoon at 2:30 p.m.. there willbe a
city-wide reception Washington Park for
the queen and her court. '

During the year, she will be required to
appear at luncheons, store openings and
other city functions and give brief speeches.

As part of the contest, the girls are re-
quired to sign the contract which among
other things, makes the following stipula-
tions. The girls:

1. may not marry during the year.

2. may not enter any other contest during
the year.

3. may not make any public display of
affection.

4. may not be found drinking at the ball.
In spite of all the limitations, however, the
girls are still anxious to win.

Coronation to Mark End of Reign
For 1963 Tulip Queen JoAnn Gross

.w “‘i

Joanne Cross

Now that

the reign is nearing
end, her feelings are mixed.

. ._.............e......_,..,..,. m...

 

staff.

12. The class of 1965 will graduate, if our I'eflUiI‘ememS 3"” 9"”
figured out.

“Who does your boyfriend spend his time with on the quad?"

grades have gone up.

JoAnn was nominated by Dick
Kelley ’20, who told her of her
nomination. This year, the can-

didates include five moregiris from
Albany State.

JoAnn feels that she has acquired

a greater poise and self-confidence
since her first days on the throne.
“I wish every girl could do this,"
she asserts.

This year has been a special one
for JoAnn and will always be re-
membered happily as part of her
college career. Like all good things,
however, it, too, must come to an
end.

  
 
   

  

  

      
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  

  

 
   
        
    
            
         

   

   
 
   
   
  
   
  
  
    

