  

 

 

PAGE 6 STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY. JANUARY 10. 1964

;_. «ox-grew».  . i  ‘3 , .. x... .... ' ‘ra’..~.- ~ r

 

IIB Gains First Place in league I
Tight Defense Proves Decisive

by Gory Muvdoelr

Finally, someone holds undisputed
possession of first place in League
1. KB took the measure of the
Goobers, Tuesday night, 50-41. KB
used a tight zone defense throughout
to force the tall Goober team to
work the ball outside.

Only Jerry Blair, of the Goobers,
was able to crack this zone for 20
points, high of the game.

KB featured a well-balanced at-
tack. Sutherland paced their offense
in the first half with some accurate
outside shooting. He scored 10 points
in the first 20 minutes.

Big Lead
Early in the second half, KB
jumped out to a commanding 16

point lead. Blair drove in for sev-
eral amazing buckets, and the
Goobers soon closed the gap to 6
points.

‘a\

'17? l/A

Bearded wonder takes “hairy”

 

At this point, John Gleason stole
the show and the ball three times
and KB was off and running again.
As if this wasn’t enough, Gleason
sunk four consecutive baskets for
his team and from then on it was
just a matter of time.

KB coasted to a 50-41 victory as
someone seemed to place a lid on
the Goober bucket for the last 3
minutes. The Goobers missed three
or four lay ups in this short space
of time.

Before Vacation

Before vacation, these same two
teams each extended their winning
streaks to four games. KB edged
Potter 53-52. Sutherland cashed
in for 13 points and Anderson had
10 for KB. Procopio led the Potter
scoring with 20 points.

The Goobers coasted to a 51-30

shot in AMIA cage contest.

victory over APA. They lead 25-8
at the half. Hickey and Hagerdon
scored 13 apiece for the Goobers.
Hamilton hit 11 and Dieck 10 for
APA.

Movements Win

APA’s Movements won their first
game in three years just before
vacation. Breaking tradition, they
defeated Waterbury IV, 29-25. Bu-
chalter scored 15 points andMarko-
witz 10 to lead their team to victory.
Box Score:

 

Goobers Kappa Beta
Miller 2 Anderson 4
Warner 2 Drake 2
Hicke 5 Chauvin 8
Blair 20 Gleason ll
Gutwillig 4 Perkins 5
Hagerdoii 2 Kimball 6
Colin 6 Ellis 2

Sutherland 12
Team: 41 50
B W' T 'tl

W. A.A.

llaiidie Bradley announces that
Brtibacher II has won the Thursday
League Volleyball Championship.
The Tuesday league winner Iiad not
been determined yet.

The W. A. A. bowling season has
begun this week, with games at the
Rice Lanes on Tuesday and Thurs—
day. Practice is also leiiig held for
the tip coming basketball games.

President Carol Eaton has sched-
uled thenextiiieetingf'or Wednesday,
January 15, in Dru. Again any girls
interested in W.A.A. are urged to
attend.

I NOTICE l

UCA Basketball Dance
A basketball dance featuring the
Vagaloiids will be held ill the Bru—
baclier gaiiieroom after the Satur-
day night game. The UCA dance
committee under chairman Don
Kisiel lS‘lll chargeol arrangements.

 

 

 

 

THERE’S ALWAYS TIME
TO READ A GOOD BOOK

State College lie-op

 

HAMMING '
UP

Here we are, back to pounding the old typewriter,
beating the deadline and keeping the Grouch happy.
The yule was most merry and with exams coming,
probably diastrous because of all the back work that
remained back work. Well, enough wailing and gnash—
ing of teeth, the column must go on.

Sports was the watchword over the holidays, with
bowl games in football and basketball tournaments
highlighting the action. Yours truly had the pleasure
of attending two basketball tournaments, one pro-
fessional game, and observing five bowl games and
the NFL championship disaster.

Have you ever stopped to consider what these
athletes are giving up to entertain us? The typical
“vacation” of a basketball or football player looks
about like this: Friday, Dec. 20, go home. Return
on Dec. 26 for practice. Play in the tourney and
practice until everybody returns on Jan. 6. Some
don’t even get this much time to be at home.

It takes more than just a passive interestin a sport
to be able to take this routine. We owe a lot to the men
that provided entertainment for us over the holidays.
Speaking of holiday tournaments, a tip of the hat to a
mighty fine State basketball team on winning the Cap—
ital City Tourney.

Prediction: Siena shall perish before the sharp
shooters of Albany State tomorrow night. The game
is the high point of the season for both clubs. Siena
has not showed the slow it down type of basketball
that Dan Cunha has been famous for over the last
twenty years, in their last few outings. if Siena
plays their stall game, State will win by four. If
they let us run, we will win by ten.

Should scholarships be given to athletes? This
question has caused many fine debates. Educators,
coaches and students have hased and re—hashed the
argument. With State becoming a big time school
it is a question that will grow in importance if they
will be expected to meet the competition of schools
of comparable size.

In the next few articles, this question will be ex—
amined from several viewpoints. We, of the Sport’s
Department, would appreciate any comments from
you, the readers, on this controversial subject.

by Ron Hamilton

Wrestlers Triumph 26-10

The Peds continued their winning ways as they beat
the grapplers of Farleigh Dickinson 26—10. The match
was held there on December 14. The team looked good
as they were able to pin five of their opponents. Bill
Thomas (123) got his second pin of the season over
Frank Shuriah in 3:50. lene Monaco (130) in 1:20 and
John Robb (167) in 4:50 pinned their opponents.

Farleigh Dickinson could not fill the 177 lb. weight
class and had to forfeit five points. In placcofit
Larry Thomas wrestled Jerry (‘aspcr and pinned him
in 3:20. State was still hampered by its lack of depth
and had to forfeit the, 147 lb. weight class. iton
Smith, who will be oligiblc next semester, wrestled
an oxhibition match and pinned his opponent in fifty
seconds.

The frosh won thcir first match of the season by
defeating Farleigh Dickinsonii’s frosh 20-18. DiCk
Miller and Dan \\'oodruff each had pins. Even with
those points tho tczim wont into the final match trail—
ing by three points. ("hot Ki'om camo through by piti—
ning his opponent and golfing tho fivo points iioodcd
for the team victory.

The Pods had their first homo iiizitch 121st Wodncsdny
against ()iiconta. ’l‘hough ()ncontzi has only a 1—3 rocord,
it is still a difficult team to boot. (‘oach (iarcin jugglod
his linoup by switchingticnc Moiinoo’s and Hill ’I‘homzis’s
weight classes.

l Scholars-
Spend your study

Breaks at (he

STUDENT UNION SHACK BAR

 

  

 

 

 

“smug. vim w w.

.39}; ._.,;’\-:.  .r

. usmﬂwamwusmasw m  a.

NW“, N.

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY.

JANUARY 10. 1964 PAGE 7

 

STATE OOPS CITY TOURNEY, PREPARES FOR SIENA
Stole Roled Favorite In Siena Till

Army has Navy, Harvard has Yale. and State has Siena. This Saturday night in
the Washington Avenue Armory the arch rivals of the capitol district clash for the

Peds Beat RP! and St. lawrence
Three Named to All Tourney Team

by Harold Lynne

Playing against top competition, the basketball team
was able to win the Siena Invitational Tournament. The
tournament was held on December 27 and 28. It was
the first time the Peds were able to win in the four
year existence of the tourney. The teams competing for
the trophy were RPI, Siena, St. Lawrence, and State.

Peds Top RPI

The first team the Peds faced was RPI. They did
not shoot well but were able to defeat the Engineers
72-64. The stars for the team were Jim O’Donovan
with eighteen points and Dick Crossett with seventeen
points. The team played a fast moving game working
the ball well.

in the game against St. Lawrence the team played
completely different. The Peds again played a fast
moving game but this time were able to sink almost
fifty per cent of their shots. With the high scoring
and good rebounding of Crossett who had twenty four
points and O’Donovan with thirteen points they were
easily able to win by the wide margin of 73—50.

Players on All-Tourney Team
Throughout the tourney the loopc rs we re sparked by
O’Donovan’s and Crossett’s rebounding and scoring.
Captain Paul Sheehan’s all—around play also was a key
factor to the Fed’s success in the tourney. These three
players were named to the All—Tourney ’l‘cam. Coach
Sauers noted that credit should be given to Dan 7.eh

for his steady play during the. tournament.

fourteenth time. The stakes will be the Saratoga Cup,
now resides at Loudonville as a result of last yea
Capital City Tournament failed to bring the two team

first meeting between the opponents.

initiated last year. The Cup
r’s controversial game. The
3 together so this will be the

.Since. 1939 when the contest was originated the game has been considered the
high pomt of the year for both teams. To date Siena leads in the annual classic
ten games to four. Last year the game was one of the most exciting of the entire

 

The brothers Zeh, Dan and Bob, battle for ball in contest
with New Paltz Hawks.

 

’
'64 cuevv a NOVA Agooon swim

ONE-STOP CHEVROLET SHOPPING never meant
more than it does today, l“i\'c lime to choosc from r~
starting with the Jot—smooth luxury (‘hevrolctv thcn tho
totally new (‘hcw-Hc. fhc lit-ttciutlniirt Vcr t‘hovy II, sporty
(‘orvuir, and tho exciting ('orvcttt- Sling Itay. And you vc
got, 45 models and 22 engines to ('hotist' from.
(,‘hevrolct's Impala Supt-r Sport sorics tops the
lineup with luxury you'll l()\'t' to [3‘1 listed to.

 

 

CHEVROLET

'54 CHEVROLET IMPALA SUPER SPORT. COUPE

COUNT ON CHEVROLET TO BUILD THE ONE YOU WANT

(‘ht-vcllc has the room you want in a size you can handle.
(‘hevy H's handsome in sparkling new trim. (‘oi‘vairs for
’64 t-njoy crisp styling accents and more ptm'cr——neai'ly 19‘;
more horsopovver in thostandard oiigine.’l‘he famous (‘orvette
Sting ltays hch a smoother ride and smarter interiors.

I’ut all this choice together and you see why
you can count on (‘hcvrolet to build the one you
want in ’64! And it‘s at your Chevrolet dealer's!

THE GREAT HIGHWAY PERFORMERS Chevrolet a Chevelle - Chevy 11 - Corvair - Corvette

Sec fltf‘lll (If your ( 'lwirrolef Showroom

 

year.

Sauers Comments on Game

Dr. Sauers in a shortin-
terview expressed his feel—
ings about the game. He
said, “If we play like we
did against St. Lawrence (referring
to the Tournament) we can beat
anybody.”

He commented on the fine play
of Dick Crossett. Jliii O’Donovan
and Capt. Paul Slieehan in the past
games. “I only hope Dick will take
that outside shot a little more,”
Sauers added. “Getting him to shoot
is like pulling teeth.”

The big three were picked for the
All-’l‘ournaiiieiit Team and have been
named as startersonSaturdaynight.
Dan Zeb and O’Don-
ovan are expected to
give State a re-
bounding advantage.

Gene (Zuliian, Si-
ena’s high scoring
Senior is not ex-
pected to see much
action because of a
lad wrist injury.
Marty Canaran is expected to be
tough offensively.

Dan Cunha, Siena coach had only
praise for the State the at a recent

 

Dick

Crossett

sport’s writers luncheon. He made
four comments about his own team
and the game.

State enters the
game With a 4-2 re-
cord as this paper
goes to press. Siena
has a six and loiir
season mark.

The team had few

comments to make ﬂ
ioiiioi'row‘s oncoun— POUl DI. rehan

 

fer exr-ept to give it their best. If
past retords are considered theft

State must he considered as the
favorite, but in traditional games
you can throw otit the statistics and

look out for anything to happen.

For those. that Will be unable to
attend the game in person, WSUA
Will be broadcasting the play by
play action. No one can guarantee
the outcome of the game, but you
can be sure it Will be ext-ning.

Peds Beat Harper
72-54 Wednesday

The Feds Won their third game
in a row on January if by boating
liarpnr College "iii-52. The game
which was a complete runaway from
the beginning was dominated by the
State cttgeis. The closest the Colo-
nials came was in the secondperitni
when they trailed by fifteen points.

Many Fouls Called

The game was like litany l’ed
games in that It has fast iiioi'iiig.
There Was a large nnin er of of-
feiisiye fouls I‘dlllffl against both
teams.

Jim U’lioinvhn, the sensational
transfer from lirooine 'l‘ech, led

the scorers '.tllll iWenty-six points.
The other high scorers for the
Feds were Dirk Crossett With fif-
teen points and Joe Loudis With
eight points.

O'Donovon in Newspapers

t)’l)ono\an wasplayiuginhishoiiie
town of liinghainton. lie received a
big write-up by the local news-
papers. 151g Jiiii guys the home
town fans a good show not only by
being the high scorer but by pulling
down seventeen rebounds.

The outstanding players of the,

game Were Dick t‘rosseit, Joe
Lotidis, t)’ l)ono\ an and Paul
Sheehan.

 

