 
  
 
   

 
  

 

v»

f
l
g
g
i
v.
I
l

 

 

  
   
  
   
   
   
   
   
  
   
  
   
   

    
     
  
  
  
    
    
  

 

   

APRIL 17. 1964

 

 

Ray Weeks.

 

 

 

HMING
_ IT UP ,

Rumors that‘I was through with writing are unfor-
tunately not true. The truth of the matter is that I am
really a maChine and not a person at all. Last week I
burned out a resistor and the trouble was not discovered
until after the deadline.

Allfoolishness aside. we are starting two issues a
week. Next Tuesday we will have another page of
sports. This procedure will be followed for the rest of
the semester. Harold. Lynne will be the man in charge
of the Tuesday sports section.

The plan we have formulated, trying to give you the
best coverage, will consist of preview stories in the
Friday issue and straight reporting in the‘Tuesday
issue. We hope this program will provide coverage
that is up-to-date. In the past, some of our stories
were a week old before they were printed.

 

by Ron Heinlan

Spare Time Diversions

During the past few weeks the school has hada
chance to rest up and take a vacation from sports
events. Now I am sure that you’re all chompin’ at
the bit to get back into the stands and yell your team
home. You have your chance. The varsity baseball
season is about to start and with plenty of empty seats
your presence would be appreciated. There is a good
possibility that Miss Egelston will chuck out the first

 

 

ball.

All you Latin American scholars will have a good
I chance to get some brownie time in.

IIetmen face Plattshurg In Ilriener

Tomorrow marks the opening of
the State tennis season. The initial
game will pit the Peds against
the Plattsburg netmen. Defeated in
a close 5-4 contest the men from
the north will be seeking revenge
against the host Albany squad.

Two Years Service

John Barthelmes is State's num-
ber one man, but the deciding factor
will probably be, in the opinion of
Coach Hathaway, the number three
and four men. With John Sturdivant
in control of the number two spot,
Ed Wolner looks like the man to
watch in the decisive three position.

Slocum Shows Promise

Tom Slocum and Keith Costello
are vying gor the fourth post. Keith
Is a fine player, but his temper
sometimes can hamper his play.
Slocum is just the opposite of the
red-headed firebrand, agresswe and
steady he shapes up as the player
with the most untapped potential.

Bill Enser is the untried new

comer and in the words of his coach,
“could be a real asset to the team.”
Doubles has been the traditional
downfall of Albany’s tennis teams.
“Our guys have always had some
taboo when it comes to playing
doubles.” noted Hathaway.
Tomorrow will be no picnic for
the purple and gold in the opinion
of Coach Hathaway. They will have
to show new doubles strength and
more consistency In their play.

NOTICES

Softball Rosters
The softball team rosters are to
be handed in to the commissioners
of AMIA. The leagues will start on
Wednesday, April 22.

 

Fresh Tennis
Freshman tennis candidates are
to report to the tennis courts at
3:30 or see Mr. Garcia lnhlsoffice.

 
   

John arthlemes strain every muscle as he leaps high in the

air to return a bouncing shot.

    

,Ped baseball player lays down a hunt in a practice session;

n.

as catcher Den Mason starts for the ball.

’1

.v 4.-

Action lrom above continues

   

as the unidentified player

speeds down the first base line to beat the throw.

‘ V Dave

#3

 

ass all Season Opens Today;
[Weeks Slated to Pitch at Sian‘a

Friday afternoon at three o’clock, State opens its 1964 baseball season with an
aWay game against the Siena Indians. Depite reports to the contrary. the London-
ville Club field will be ready for the game, weather permitting. To take care of
the mound duties in this initial encounter, Coach Burlingame has chosen senior
Ray’s three victories slast year accounted for half the Perl wins and
he is counted on for an even better performance this year.

The starting infield includes co—captains Dick Oderizzi behind the plate and
Gary Smith at first base. Rounding out the inner diamond will be Mike Putney
at second, Don McGurrin at shortstop and either Pep Pizzillo or Joe Mazzarulli

at third.
Right field is the only
outfield position that is

V certain, with hard-hitting

Tony Macaluso filling this
spot. The other two posi-
tions could be filled by
Paul Harney. Don Mason,
Sully or Pete Dadd~
abbo.

Mastrangelo Hurt

Chuck Mastrangelo, a strong can-
didate for an outfield position, hurt
his ankle sliding and will be lost to
the team for a couple of-weeks.
Worried about the lack of speed in
the outfield, Coach Burlingame is
considering using the fleet-footed
Pizzillo in spacious centerfield.

Should Pep be placed in center—
field, then Mazzarulli would be
guarding the line at third.

Even Dick Kimball, a pitcher by
trade, is being considered as a
possible answer to the outfield prob-
lem on the basis of his performance
at the plate in several games last
year.

Pitching a Problem

Pitching may also presentaprob-
lem for the Peds this year. Behind
the number one man Weeks, Coach
Burlingame has Kimball, Mazza-
rulli, McGurrin, Steve Trowbridge
and Bill Bate. The latter two are
Sophomores lacking varsity exper-
ience.

McGurrin picked up two victories
in relief last year and is the num-
ber two pitcher on the squad. Al—
though Don could go the entire route,
Coach Burlingame feels he is more
effective in relief and hopes to be
able to save him for this role.

Since Don is the regular short-
stop, it is hoped that Kimball or
Mazzarulli can be rotated with
Weeks to leave the infield intact.

Batting Order

The batting order will probably
see Pizzillo leading off followed by
Putney and McGurrin. Batting
cleanup will be Smith followed by
last year’s leading hitter Oderizzi,
anti in the sixth slot Macaluso. The
seventh and eighth spots are still
undecided while Weeks will but ninth.

After Friday’s game With Siena,
State has its first home game Sat—
urday afternoon against Plattsburgh.

Professionalism?

Morgan: 16 Year Golfer Know The Rules

by Blll Smith

Leading the 1064 edition of State
golf team is Doug Morgan. Doug
has played outstanding golf for the
State squad for the past two and a
half years and was chosen as team
captain last spring.

 

Douglas Morgan

Doug is originally from Nebraska,
but has been living in Delmar for
the past 16 years. He attended
Bethlehem Central High School in
Delmar, where he played golf,base-
hall and football. '

\

Here at State, Doug Iias coiiiplled
an impressive record, losing only
five matches in two seasons. He
will be playing in the number two
position on the team this spring.
In the State tournament last year
Doug led the team to the Charli-
pionship, and tied for the medalist
honors.

ECAC Competitor

Last fall in the ECAC Golf Tour—
nainent at Cornell, Doug carded the
lowest score for a State competitor
and went on to Long island to repre-
sent the school In the ECAC Finals.
lie was up against such formidable
opponents as Army, Navy, Colgate
and Harvard.

On the academic side, Doug is a
Junior, psychology major, III the
liberal arts field. His main inter-
ests, other than golf, are other
sports, and rock n’roll in general
and the Beatles in particular.

Doug has been playing golf since
he was four years old under the
tutorship of his father, who is the
present club champion at Norman—
slde Country Club. Willi a golf club
as part of his life, Doug has no

by Ron Hamilton

It has come to the attention of the
sports staff that several indiViduaIs
have organized a bowling tournament
to cap the AMIA bowling season.
The proposed plan is a tournament
in which teams pay an entrance fee
and forty percent of this money ob—
tained, and so on down the line of
prizes.

The entire tournament seems to
be in good faith, but there is one
Iiitcli that the AMIA board notice
does not mention. It is probably
just an omission of the organizers,
but we felt that it should bepubli-
(:ized.

Competing in any athletic contest
for a cash prize constitutes pro—
fessionalism. Anyone that enters
this contest will be considered by
every athletic association as a pro-
fessional and therefore barred from
any amateur competition of any kind
for the rest of their lives. This
means no collegiate sports.

We hope that anyone that has

complaints and awaits the spring signed up for this event is aware of

golf season each year.

tho consequences involved.

 

_fea‘°I 

0

t}

.l

 

. “kwmw _ , 

W  ‘

 

‘

 

 

 

rr—, -._ ,,

    
   
    
   
  
   
 

 

  

 

  

A Free

   
  
 
  
 

  
  

University '

 

A Free Press.

An informal snapshot of the Fresh Orientation Committeei sit-

   
  
 

ting (l. to r.) Dean Thorne, Art Johndon, Rick Genera, Sue

Murphy, Neil Brown, Dave Gagnier, Gary Petre, Gary Spielmen.. .

mew Program Awaits Class of 1968
Orientation Committee Ends Rivalry

A completely new orientation program will await

the members of the Class

of 1968 when they arrive in

September. Mr. Neil C. Brown of the Student Personnel
office and the Freshman Orientation Committee have
revised the Freshmen Orientation Program.

Preliminary orientation,
Weekend, will now be done
by a series of three-day
periods during the sum—

er. During these three—
ay periods, groups of in-
coming freshmen will be
advised by counselors
hired by the University.

Besides the counselors, the Uni-
versity will also hire academic ad-
visers to help the freshmen in
schedule planning for the fall se-
mestei‘.

Orientation Obiectives

The objectives of the summer
planning conferences, as the three
day periods are called, are to give
academic advisement, to expose the
freshmen to the academic environ—
ment of the University, and to ac-
quaint the freshmen with the physi-
cal plant of the University.

The objectives also include pro—
viding an opportunity to consult with
special services such as the Medi—
cal Office, and providing an oppor-
tunity for social experience in a
collegiate setting.

The precise content and order of
events for these summer planning
conferences has not been worked out.
Ideas under consideration are a
conVocation, group discussions of
required readings, and a parents'
program.

New Philosophy

As there is no set program yet,
no calendar of any planned activi-
ties can be presented.

However, the new Fall Orienta-
tion Program and the Summer Plan-
ning conferences will reflect a new

“emphasis —- that of providing in

State’s orientation programs, a
“slice of life, not the spice oflife.”
The Fresh Orientation Committee
is chared by Mr. Brown.
Committee members include Dr.
Ellen C. Stokes, Dean of Women;

done in the past on Fresh

Dr. Clifton Thorns; Dr. David Hart-
ley, Dean of Students; Miss Barbara
Burkhart, Mr. David Valiee, Gary
Petre ’64, Art Johnston ’65, Dave
Gagnier ’65, Norm Stewart ’65, Ann

Quartararo ’65, Maggie Mansion ’65,
Steve Curti ’66. and Maureen Gla-
sheen ’67.

A subcommittee of the Froin
Orientation Committee, the FallOr-
ientation Committee, presented
ideas for a fall program to the main
committee.

The sub—committee was chaired
by Dave Gagnier ’65. Committee
members were Mary Lewis ’65,
Maggie Mansion ’65, Anne Digney
’66, Steve Curti ’66, Stan Kerpel
'67, and Kathv Browrli ’67.

No Riva ry

Emphasis of the fall program is
on the academic atmosphere, and
provides for no Rivalry.

Tentativer scheduled for fall are
University Bonfire, a University
Field Day, a series of lectures and
discussions, and an Activities Day.

These changes are no sudden re-
volts against seeming traditions;
“they have been long in coming,”
said Mr. Brown. Two years ago
several members of MYSKANIA ex-
pressed a desire for change. MYS—
KANIA desrred that the Student Per-
sonnel Office and Admissions Office
help to implement the change.

At this time, there was no thought
of a different orientation program.
However, it was noticed that there
was a great overlapping by such
groups as the Student Guides, the
Big Brother and Sister program,
Rivalry Committee, and the class
guardians.

The Fresh Induction Committee,
continued from two years ago,
looked at the orientation program
from a coordinating point of View.

The objective of Fresh Orienta—
tion Committee is to eliminate any
overlap and to suggest goals of
proper orientation.

 

Weale’tw-mhvmmwwmnyppu “  . --
‘N

   

‘APRIL 21, 1964

  
 
 
  
   

 

 
 

Will the‘ASP
Co me Out

Fri d ay?

 

 

 

 

 

VOL. L. No.9

legislature Grants State University
Measure of Autonomy in Affairs

“The University has
reached another meaning-
ful milestone in its growth.
and development,” stated
Mr. Frank C. Moore,
Chairman of the State Uni-
versity Board of Trustees.

His remark was made in refer-
ence to recently passed legislatior
which grants the State University
greater autonomy in managing its
affairs.

The legislation affects the Uni-
versity in three main areas —
personnel, purchasing, and budget-
ing.

Most important of these to the
University is the greater indepen-
dence accorded in gaining budget
approval. The budget will now go
directly to the Governor, instead

of being submitted through the State demic year and construction sched-
Education Department and the Board ules prompted this decision,

of Regents. ' Gains Immaterial

Dr. Evan R. Collins, President of

While this will make little differ- the State University at Albany said

ence in the actual approval and ap-
propriation of funds, the measure
does clarify the University’s posi-
tion in relation to the State Educa-
tion Department, and is, in effect,
a status svxnbol.

that the effects of the legislation on
Albany State would be “not very
far-reaching.”

He noted that the change most'
important to the individual units
was in the area of personnel. The
President of the State University
is now empowered to decide which
of the University’s professional staff
positions are to be in the unclassi-
fied civil service.

Staff Increase

The University has been further
set apart from other State institu-
tions by the decision to increase
the staff of the Office of General
Services with staffers who will be
primarily concerned with the pur—
chase of supplies for the State Uni-
versitv.

Special Abilities

Previously, staff positions‘were
defined by job description and had a
fixed salary. However, he pointed out
this did not take into consideration
the special abilities required by
certain members of staffs in the
Universitv.

The Office now purchases equip-
ment and supplies for many agen-
cies of the State government.

The special nature of University
purchase requirements and the un-

usual deadlines imposed by the aca- He pointed speciﬁcally ,0 posi-

tions which had “educational over-

 
  
   

University greater flexibility and independence within the Executive
branch. Accordingly, I recommend:

to determine which of the State University’s professional staff positions
are to be in the unclassified civil service, and providing the President
with greater flexibility in appointments at salary levels within salary
grades.

General Services to provide key top level and other staff whose princi-
pal responsibility will be the prompt fulfillment of State University
purchasing requirements.

allocated with greater flexibility under new procedures agreed to by
the Director of the Budget and the State University. ,.

mitted to the Governor directly, rather than through the State Education
Department, with an information copy to be filed concurrently with the
Commissioner of Education.

administrative changes now being undertaken, will go far toward providing
the University with the administrative tools it needs to make the most of
its rapid expansion.

centives, student loans and State University construction, the measures
here proposed are important steps toward our goal of assuring that no
(one) with the desire and capacity, for an education in the...college of his
choice will be denied because of lack of financial means or college facil-
ities.

tones” such as those in libraries,
television services, and science
supplv.

Excerpts From Governor’s
Autonomy Message

With the founding of the State University of New York in 1948, this
State began a new era in public higher education, in partnership with
the...privaie colleges and universities...

It is clear, however, that present and foreseeable enrollment pres-
sures will increase the proportionaie responsibility of the State Uiii-
versity in providing higher education...lt has been estimated that in
1070...of a total full-time enrollment of 402,000 (double the 1950 figure),
37% will be at private institutions and 63% at public institutions. To
meet its responsibility, the State University and the community colleges,
under this Administration, have already doubled in size...and will again
have to double in size by 1970.

During my first year as governor, in recognition of the unprecedented
cliallenge..that the 1960’s would present..., I appointed jointly with the
Chancellor of the Board of Regents a Con‘imittee on Higher Education,
under the chairmanship of Henry T. Heald, to conduct a comprehensive
review of the higher education needs of New York State. Following the
Committee’s report, which offered general guidelines and specific...
steps, we acted to carry out its recommendations by:

—--Providing the most comprehensive program of student financial
assistance in the nation. Under this program, 70,000 students at'
public and private institutions of higher learning in the State will
benefit from Regents scholarships and fellowships. Total financial
assistance to college students next year is estimated at $62 million,
as compared with the $9 million spent in 1959-60.

——-Vesting the State University Trustees with authority to develop a
long-range...plan for the University...under the presently approved
plan, four comprehensive graduate centers are now behigestablislied..

-—-Increasing the financial support for the operating budget of the Uni—
versity.

--—Creating the State U. Construction Fund to expedite...completion of
the State University buildings.

Since the Heald Committee's report, we have been working to give the

In regard to the changes in budget
procedures, President Collins said
that there would be no difference in
actual monies appropriated.

Forum of Politics
To Sponsor Israeli

Forum of Politics is sponsoring
the appearance of Moshe Aumann,
Consul of Israel in New York on
April 23 as a complement to the ap-
pearance of Akriin Midani on March
12th. Mr. Midani spoke to several
classes and delivered a lecture an
Arab nationalism.

Mr. Auniann will participate in a
similar program. He will speak to
a student -faculty audience on Thurs-
day at 7:30 p.m. in Brubacher Pri-
vate Dining Room, after speaking to
several Social Studies classes. The
topic of his talk will be“The Emer—
gence of Israel As An Independent
State."

Mr. Aumann is a member of the
Israel Ministry for Foreign Affairs
and is now serving as Counsul, with
the Consulate—General of Israel in
New York, where he heads the De-
partment of Research and Publi-
cations.

1. Legislation enabling the President oi’theState University exclusively

2. An increase in the number of staff positions within the office of

3. Lump sum appropriations for the State University units, to be

  

4. Legislation permitting State University budget requests to be sub- 
Moshe Aurnonn..spealrs Thursday

Educated in New York

Born in Germany in 1926, Mr.
Aurnann spent most of his school
years in New York, having immi-
grated to this country shortly be-
fore the outbreak of World War II.

He was graduated from the Rabbi
Jacob Joseph Yeshiva and High.
School and went on to City College
(New York), where he majored in

(continued on page 3)

This legislation...to.,ether with our achievements in past years and the

Together with our unparalleled programs of scholarships, scholar in.

 
 
 

