 

PAGE 6 ALBANY STUDENT pREss FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 21. 1964

 

 

MYSKANIA Detrimental to Student Government t

highest role of the individual MYSKANIA mem—
bers in student activities necessarily be—
testecf this week is a disgrace to the en- comes curtailed because of the honorary
and traditional nature of that position.

As deserving as most of the individ-
Of what little worth student government uals on MYSKANIA are on the basis of
has under its present set—up, but it is past service, their knowledge of judicial
also indicative of the all—pervadingapathy procedure is abysmally small.
good legislator or executive does not
make for being a good jurist.

MYSKANIA, as
stituted as a combination of honorary
and judiciary organ,

The spectacle of having the
office in Student Association go uncon—

tire student body.
Not only does it provide clear evidence

that marks this student body.

Student organizations on this campus
have ridiculously little depth. A handful
of students has always been, and we sup-
pose will always be, responsible for any—

thing that gets done on this campus. cog in the

Student Association provides no excep— ment.
tion to this rule.

A handful of outstanding Senators are
the prime movers in Student Associa—
tion. Unfortunately most of this group pulled out
happen to be Juniors this year, thus
making all of them eligible to parade
around in pretty black robes come next
week.

There is no doubt that most of them
very much wish to parade in such robes,

be denied.

KANIA.

phrase “deserve the honor of MYS—

KANIA.”

the Student Association, it is a disaster.

Every year MYSKANIA effectively man-
ages to cull the cream of the student body
out of the main currents ofstudent life. The

at heart.
We say:

(lNo.!,

ioirnston, Smith Best Candidates

The offices ofStudentAssociationPres- As ridiculous as it might sound, we
earnestly urge every student to consider
record and platform before

ident and Vice President are the two most
important posts in student government.

We hope the student body does not lose
sight of this face, despite the fact that
Art Johnston is rtuining Luiopposed for
SA President, and the fact that Al Smith
is the obvious choice for SA Vice Presi—
dent.

Although Johnston’s victory will be un—
opposed (and this could prove to be a
definite drawback later on) we are con-

Johnston’s
voting. if

contest, we
elect Al

Albany Student Press

[STAILISHID MAY I...
IV 7H! CLASS 0' III.

   

 

The Albany Student Prrss Is 0 r
: Iowspopcr pubilsired by the student bod 0i tit:
:égte Unrvcrsrty of New York at Albany. The ASP may be reached byy rirolrniJ
Th {>222}. {igloo paper can oisRo be reached by dialing Brubuchur Hull at lV 2-3320
e 0 ice, locate In 00m 5 ol Br bach H ii ‘ ~ r I
pd“. sunday 'h'ough ijnesrjay‘ u or Cl , r5 open from 7.00 to “.00

NILLIAM H, COLCAN
f'tiimr-inftnei

EDITH S. HARDY

Managing Editor r/«Rl N E. KEEFER

l'euture Fvirtor

RONALD W, liAMIL tON

ll
Sports Edl'O’ I‘lxur  E. 

Assocrata Editor

JACQUEL INF h’. ADAMS

Assocuute lam“ ‘INDA Av Mil [OUil

A‘.‘.-1(|')'L' i ‘lilrll

DAVID N. JFNV")

' fl‘ it .
’fxecutrvo Edi“), J ti H N. UAi it

rumor it‘ll”!

JUDiiii L). ME il Alt

tins mus 5 Manager

Join-i M, HUN it re
A‘liclltbltlu Manager

AUDI ill M. TCONCi if ( UUUGi A‘. (.1. UPHAM
ssocroti: etimw al mpurrisor Abbaitllul1iluiuglllplly Lrirtor

JOANNE (.30iSiK
Consultant Ad‘lul'iSIlItJ idiom r,

rAltldi N A. OHSINI

‘ irr Hotnorui minority: filltor

SUSAN J, THOMSON
PubliL Relations Editor

Assistant i’drturs . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . “Dubumli iriedu-un, lluluid Lynne, Joseph Siltﬂlilluli
PB5K Editors , . . . . , . . . “(unity Goodman, Mary Lou Vruriusu, Ellen lung, Hurry Nnnur
Columnists . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . ..Puu| Jen-.uli, Josuplrcornul, Pal insulin, Kurt], [trophy
‘ Alon llclirnr, furl scbrerbar, John Marlon, Roger ice, ion luul
Report-‘er . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..Lrnda “cane, Betti Boyd, Rosemary Monti/or, lyan Kurtir

Urulru Johnson, our, Murdock, William Smith, William (nay, Gary Kupiun
thygg'qphurs , , , , , , , , , . . . , . , . ..DOHItIS Church, MrLliaal Putur Palmer, Richard Loin",

Josupll Muliay

All communications must be: addressed to the Editor and must be signed. Nome:
,,.|i be ".rhlruld on request. ilic Albany Student Pro-55 assmnus no responsibility
'0' (Jpl’iluhs Ulp'ubsud I“ l'u COlUNlH‘; 0’ CUulniuniCO'lUH5, Us: LUL‘K UK‘I'U35IUH5
to not Ito-Lessorle relic-rt Its rrevrs.

If its judiciary function were dropped,
while retaining all its honor and pres-
tige, those worthwhile people normally

instead be able to contribute all their
experience and knowledge to the Student
Association legislative branch.

That this would be desirable can hardly

Student government on this campus
and we can’t blame them, because most simply can no longer afford the luxury
of them do deserve the honor of MYS— of having thirteen of its leaders effective—
ly incarcerated for the last year of their

But when we say this, we stress the college careers. The
MYSKANIA must be
MYSKANIA is State’s highest student government is to gain any con—
non-academic honorary (of course. italso tinuity in its actions and policies. MYS—
happens to be State’s only non—academic KANIAmust reform if it has the good of
honOFaI'Y), Pitt as the iltdiCial bI‘anCh 0f the student body and student government

body, yes; MYSKANIA as a judiciary body,

clear idea of Johnston’s real abilities,
it will make his task infinitely easier in
the coming year.

In the case of the Vice—Presidential

Smith
His services in Senate this past year,

fident in his ability to handle with skill and his superior knoul ‘
. r ed’e r f
and diligence the office of SA President. government, g ) Stuaent

 

Being a

it is presently con-

is a tremendous
wheels of student govern-

 

 

of Senate every year would

Sinnhoid

 

 

 

 

 

 

refored if our

“MYSKANIA as an honorary

administration
seemed terrified that anything we as individual ' «U
do in our e
wrath of the City fathers down upon thc fer
shoulders of our beloved Minerva.

We have been given the impression timc n: i 
that the University is sitting on a veritabic [in ~
in Albany, and that we must all move Cai‘cfuiiv to M
everything collapse about us liken to the prom ,‘ ‘ii
walls of Jericho.

Vote for the fraternity or sorority of your choice, but vote'

An Imaginary lime Bomb

of this University h. 

scapades around Albany, would b:

Everytime a student makcs ‘t  

which threatens to upset this delicate “balano  
scurrying and hustle that goes on in the first ttw '
Draper reminds one of Babbitt.

What strikes us as so funny is that iirisdw in

the individual voter has a just exactly

urge that the student body
by a large majority.

make hi m the runaway choice.

“balance” is, as far as we and the Honorabtc til i 
Corning can see, largely imagined. We took thc c ‘
of going down to City Hall last week, and finth: .v :7

what the City thinks of the Univ rm“

its relations with the City.

Mayor Corning stated that he had felt rci'ui- '
tween the City and University hart always ili‘t‘i:
lent. lie said that he couldn’t be happier with n.-
the University and its students have conductmi‘
selves in the past.

We find Mayor Corning’s View most rci'rcshc
only wish our administrators would take thr- trvu
finding out what the City thinks, beforc i'cspmﬁ
largely windmill fears and enemies.

ASP Recommends Senatorial Candidates

the Albany Student Press has again un—
dcrtakcn to rccommcnd thc more worth—
whrlc candidatcs for class offices and
Scnuli‘.

'i‘hc rccommcndutions were based on
consideration of cacti candidate, both
through his answers on the ASP Activi—
ties Sheet (whcn oni- was turncd in) and
through pcrsonai knowicdgc of his quali—
fications and contributions to thc school.

\\'r- haVc rccommcndcd only those slu—
dcnis whom wc fch to bc cxceptionaiiy
wcii—quuiii'icd. Witch no candidaic was
considcrcd worthy, wo madc no rccom—
mcndution for tho oi'ficc,

i"ot‘ the officch of lhc Junior Class,
wc recommend: itick (icncro, (‘lass
President; Mary Janc (tusbcrti, Vice
President; Aim ()uarlaruro, Secretary-
and Al iiader, 'l‘rcasurcr. ‘ 1

in regard to Scnatc rccommcndalions
we also took into consideration the umounl
oi interest shown in Senate as indicatcd
by the number of Senate meetings thc
candidate had attended, ‘ I,

F W}o consider Pat ir‘asano, Mary Jane
.usmiti, (.arole Harvey, Dick Storiard
)

and lid \Volner to bc l‘Xi‘tf])iiHit:lil
qualified for Scnatc. ' .r\iS‘r) wciiwi
are Joe [)aly, (‘arol Darby, tconi v:
Ann (,tuariaruro, and (‘aroivn

Sieve (‘urli, Ann itigncv, t'do tin.
and Bill Laundry wcrc outstrndu..
didaics for Scriziic, Nancy Pain-k, ‘tin
Brown, John (iicuson, i’nt (Err-ctr.
tx’omanowski, and Maria Z\ium:u~i 'o‘r
qualificd for iiic position.

Wc i'cci timi Put ilrbicl'. of?!” l
and itrucc \\'crncr would iu' ooh-'th
Scnuic, iicvcriy iiuii, itt'itlti" it"
iirucc i\'uufnum, .iucir. i\’cnn\’. iilil l‘- t “"
inurccn i\'ur'7., iicnry .\i:uicj, '\iil“~“ i"
iiopc Schocn, and Siizirvu 'I'i-vo 1:“
qualified to schc.

ii‘or icudcrs of
we rcconmicnd: iiiii iiutc,
Pep Pizziilo, \’icc i’rcsidcni; llllllft t "
eridge, Socrciury; and Kari-n liocix. t
iicity i)irccior.

lilt‘ Sirpirotirol'c L it
|’|'r~>;idc:

, 'i'lil: candidatcs Wc l'tft'lHltiltl'llti
li'ifshman class offices arc iirur‘i‘ \\"""‘ '
i resident; Jim Constantino, \’t““ 1"“
dent; Coal (‘uiticha, Secretary; and i" W"
l’epor, 'i‘roasurer.

i
i
r

 

ALBA NY STU DE NT PRESS

 

ALUMNUS TEACHES 18 MONTHS

Fights Ignorance, Fear
In Peace Corps Position

by George Dewan

(continued from last week)

rr

( '... and go on ...', l/rr' King ('HIIIII/Hf’t/.”l ...r/rrr/

I’rc/ourr

Impressions: the capitol; a city of 100
thousand people; a beautiful and renowned
natural harbor; interminable stretches of
some of the most magnificent beaches in
the world; Fourah Bay, the second oldest
college in Africa, picturesquer located
atop Mi. Aureol, with a spectacular view
of the entire city and the ocean beyond.

Sierra Leone, with a population of about
2.5 million, is a former British (‘rown
Colony and Protectorate. its first area of
importance lies in the fact that it was used
as the place to which the first British and
West lndiana slaves, originally taken from
all over the West African coast, were re—
patriated in the 19th Century.

its present major economic assets are
gem and industrial diamonds and iron ore,
with lesser importance attached to palm
kernels, ginger and piassava.

Communication Lapse
One of the major problems which facc
the country is that ofcommunication. There
exists a diversity of tribes, each with its
own language, a fact which, amongothers,
has limited the amount of social, cultural
and economic intercourse among the var—
ious geographical areas.
it is true that a lingua franca has dc—
vclopcd, (in this case, a semi—language,
in the nature of a patois, called Krio) but
it could not, by its very nature, become
an academic language. English has becomc
the official language of the country but a
literacy rate of about 15 percent makes the
educational problems implicit.
i, along with another Volunteer, was as—

    

 

  

 . .,‘ i s. r . . ' ' ‘jﬁ'i
Working on a darn has occupied the activities of

many volunteers

signcd to Schicnkcr Sci-ondnry School, in
Port I.ok‘o, a town of :iboui 5000 pcopic,
situated in lilt‘ Northcrn Provinci- about
7:") miics inland from i“rcclown.

Ii :rciuiiiiy was :1 major port at ()llt‘
timc ,«-~ bcing :ii tiic iicud of litt' ,\ii:miic
lidui wntcrs on Port i.oko (‘rcck —cngngcd
mainly in iilt‘ handling of iron orc from
tho upcouniry lilirh's, \\iih thc :idvcni of n
ucw railroad it lost i‘\’(‘ii this slight claim
to fume.) 'i‘hc school rlsclf, located about
two miics outsidc ihc town, was nnmcd
iii'tcr a (icrmun missionary of timcs past.

Srnoii Student Body
\\'hcn we nt‘t‘chd the school had about
120 students, all boys, about half of whom
\verc boarders, living on thc compound;
the rest being “day scholars,” living in
the town with aunts, uncics, prircnis,ln'olii--
ers, friends and friends—of-fricnds.

  

The faculty was made up of the Principal
(an Englishman, graduate ofCambridge) and
three full—time teachers, only one of whom
was qualified (in the sense that she had a
degree - in actual fact, one of the teachers
had never completed secondary schoolhim-
sclf). This, to a certain extent, points up
the great need in this country’s secondary
(and, it gocs without saying, Primary)
schools — qualified teachers.

The school day was broken up into seven
periods and, generally, cvery student had
a Class every period (that is, when there
were teachers available — it is a fact that
there was a time when, in this school and
many others like it, a class may have been
scheduled for, say, science, and thcrc was
no science teacher, so thc class just sat.)

At least two after—school afternoons a
week were devoted to compulsory games—
at one time, only socccr and volleyball.
Not long after i arrived t lad out a quar—
tcr—mile running track, and with student
(and faculty) labor, hand—hocs, machetcs
and rakes, we managed to fell palm trr‘tes,
cut brush and level a fairly proscniabic
track.

it meant that for the first time in thc
five—your history of the school it was ablc
to send a track tcam to thc national infor—
scholastic games. Sincc that time, two
Softball diamonds anda combinationbaskcl—
ball—tennis court havc bccn built (ihc latter
proving to bc imnicnsciy popular).

Familiar Problems

\Vc camc to Sicrrn iconc as secondary
school icachcrs and our job, as such, was
not unlike a similar job in :\tircl'l(':l. ’i‘hc
problcms onc has to facc spring dirccliy
from two sources: missing or dci'icicnt
physical :ippuricnanccs and poorly qualified
students.

:\'o onc nccd rcminil inc that those are
complaints of American tcnciiors, but iicrc
tiic problcms :irc morc intcnsc, cspcciuiiy
thc irritcr, 'i‘iic siudcnts :rrcpoorlycquippcd
(Iottiiiy unprcpzrrcd in too mzmy cziscs) for
iiti' insk which has ilt‘t'l‘. sci for thorn.
'i‘iirougliout liicir primary school vcrirs,
tircv \vcrc taught by pocr‘iy cducnicd :ind
onquniit'icd li‘ftt‘ili'l'S (for tirc simpic rcnSon
timt no otln-rs wcrc .‘l\’.'lli.‘lilit‘).

'i‘ircir gr:in of thc |”ngir~4h irmguzigc is
substandard; tiicir illitiili‘lltlliii'S ability is
:rbvsmziiiv wcak; lhcir knowicdgc oi scicncc
is ncx’i to non-r-xisicni (many siudr-nismriy,
many iiicrnic adults, still bciicvc in witch—
craft, juiu, spirits and oiircr arcunitics).

i say ihcso firings not in a spirit of rc—
proach or ridicule, but in one of hopeful
cniightncmcnt, for without an mvarcncss
and imprecirrtion of lilo situation a potential
teacher is due for :i it'cmcndous shock,

An untold amount of icarning Word on
outsidc of thc classroom, cspeciaily with
the boys who \vcrc foriunnic cnougii to live

inaugural ceremonies for hydraulic ram marked the opening of a water supply system. Ram, requiring no motive power,
is a machine for raising water by utilizing pressure. Voiunteers helped organize the project.

FEBRUARY 21, 1964 PAGE 7

M AFRICAN WHOM.

on the compund. My house was always open
to them and they would come and go at will
— reading magazines, borrowing books,
asking questions, and quite often just getting
first—aid.

Memorable Moment

One moment stands out clearly in my
mind, never to be erased. I was standing
in the middle of the asphalt road which
connected the buildings on the compound,
observing the disk of the late afternoon
sun with a spyglass.

A couple of boys came over to investi—
gate, one saying that he didn’t understand
the phases of the moon. Someone produced
a picce of chalk, and l proceeded to outlining
on the road the relative motions ofthe earth
and moon. More and more boys gathered.
Soon, about fifteen boys were involved in a
hcnicd discussion about the sun, moon,
stars and planets.

Not long after, about twenty feet of road
was covered with diagrams, signs and sym—
bols; planets, solar systems and galaxies.
The “class” lasicd for about an hour,
halted only by darkncss. This, to me, is
education in its purcsi form: catching
the moment as it occurs and using it to
its fullest possible advantage.

()ur primary job was teaching school,
and this can bc, if onc is so inclined, an
ail-consuming thing. tiowcvcr, volunteers
worc involved with many other activities
after school, on wcokcnds and during vaca—
tions that mcrit considerable aticntion.

“no small group in Freetown organized
:i highly successful swimming instruction
program, (lthcrs taught adult literacy
classes. Privnic tutoring for Primary
School icachors and others was quite wide—

.
. 'i

- mow]

'l

sprcad.

rirH//’Ihl 11/ or/ /7il1‘t \

   

 

1,, . is
Students are members of a native dance troupe who
are being introduced to clossicai boliet for the first
time by a volunteer.

 

