 

 

  

 

PAGE 2 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS . FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 28, 1964

ASP RECEIVES FIRST-CLASS HONOR RATING

The A'lbony'Siudent Press received a First Class

Honor Rating last week from the Associated Collegiate

Press for fall semester 1963.

The Associated Collegiate Press counts in its ranks
tire newspapers of tnore than a thousand colleges, and
every year undertakes to rate its members in com-
Ratings range from the highest
category of All-American down to Third Class.

parison to each other.

This year marks the first time since spring semester
1962 that the ASP has received a I ‘rst Class Rating. In
the words of ASP Editor—in-Chief, Wllliani Colgan ’65,
“This is a tremendous thrill for everyhody on the news-

paper. We are all very proud to present the student body
with a first class newspaper, and hope to continue to do

so in the future.”

Comparison Rating
The Associated Collegiate Presshasesits ratings from
semester to semester on a comparison of the various
The rating a paper re—
ceives is intended to show how it compares with other
papers irt its own classification throughout the country.

newspapers in the competition.

The Associated Collegiate Press maintains certain
coverage, writing, arid physical

basic standards [or

properties which rrrust he met to earn honors.

these conditions are

couraged.

 

Al)rll,19(l4i

 

Association (Collegiate ﬁrms
ALL-AMERICAN NEWSPAPER CRITICAL SERVICE

 

The State University News
lll rli'trgilililtll of [Lt InrrIL- rt umurrln/

Jitter 011mm Timur: Eating

in the Sltitlltltlll Nlllltﬂltll Nrimpriprr Critical Scri'nr o/ the II J.I(lt'llllf|l Col/(grill:

Prru ill Ih.’ University of lTIIIInemIii, School o/Joonniluln, Ill” Tutrtrlirlh Joy 0/ [91'

A,,....i A,

g2;- six“

or very good.

creativeness,

were David

Editor; Franklin

 

 

Once

 

Student Union is the scene of traditional madhouse that marks end

of sorority rush.

Eight Sororities Pledge 143 Women
At Conclusion of Formal Rush

Sororities pledged a total of 143
women last week at the conclusion
of the Formal Riish. After the
pledging, the sororities held their
formal dinners oit Saturday night.

Chi Sigma Theta pletlged the fol-
lowrng: Jane Barnes, Class oi ’ttz'r;
Sandy Urban and Carol ('astor'ina,
Class oi ’iit); l\'atlty Brown, Andrea
Bolgona, Ann llolcotnb, Dianne Gre-
gory. Kart-n IIo/. Arlerte Nina, arid
\‘icki Karlatr.

Also, Michell:- MlIII‘l'. Kay Ilotal—
mg, Sand. Marci I)'Altgtdtt,
IIetIi Kai‘yiilis, Stephanie IJeSimoin-,
and Riitlt Sil'.erman, Class of WT.

(‘ttIiH

Kappa Delta
Delta pledged lIll‘ follow,
ing: Jtid'. llai bet, 'l‘ei t y IIer man,
Joy Cooper , and (Jail (Jiancola, Soph-
omores; Janis llayttes, Lori ain Ile—

Kappa

lielso, l- rant-est o I’LtItIIlt‘t‘l I.ind.t
l’erkins liobby l’ier cc, Mar cra
Yeaps. Mo'. a '/.ubowrch, Anita Clark

and I,atiii-i-n Kin / treshnten.

'I‘Iie loIonyitn’ were pltitigt-d to
Phi Delta: Sharon llabart and Attire
Marie, 'I'tiinato, Juniors, Sue ( ros-

try, Sopttonioi e, Iledy Airinr o/._y,
I’aula Clair . Ilee I‘eldman lioi a
l‘ riedmait, Joyce llattor, Donna

Jacobson Jeanne Maurei , Sue i’ol»
lack, Jane Rodgers, liaith Sawyer,
Jo Segril, Ilit-nda Sitnole, Brenda
Smith and Helen Stoll, lreshmtrn.

I’si Gamma pledged the follownrg:
Bunny WiiilIl‘ll, Class ol ’tttt; Nancy
lioger, Caryl (Utijml', lleth Ditty,
Kathy I'ainsworth, l’ai I'iniiigan,
Debbie Garland, Cookie Gentile and
Siie Greene.

Also, Joan Ulllllullll, lizie Intra—
tor , Alice Lalfrn, Ruth McGrath, liar
I‘iottor, llaih l’syck, ISeth Shatter,
tarot Sheehan, Joan Spaiano, Ruth
Young and Margie Mays, Class ol

’b’i

Beta Zulu
tier-a Leta pledged the roilowrng:
Jan liotan and Joan Mauinei ,Sopho~

mores; Lotiise Beck, l’at llitder,
Grace Dellotig. Marie I~‘errante, I’ar
I'eri'igiio, Jan Gardner, Barb Ga-
witreckt. Maureen Glasheen, Elaine
Coldsteirr arid Evelyn (Jordon.

Also, Mait'o Ilillebiand. lx'ar'cl
lltrflrnim, Arlene lyusttner . Julie lie
Maire t'arot Mar-tin t'onniolt'at—
Iielil, Sharon ()’R1elly , Karen Rich-
aids. lletiy Saki. Marie Sanchox,
Nancy Stttrba, Arlene Spelliiratr and
Virelle I'l‘iiiisecky. lres’hmeit.

'l‘he lolloyyiirg acri- pledged to
(lrIIIIIIIiJ Kappa Phi: Marilyn Lil—
l’t-nna Class oi ’oTr; Rea ltuther
and I)ii‘.s Nein'ebain-i , i'tiisu or ’06,
Mitt", Alililil’rt'.,IitrltlllI)Ll\\'(’h,I\I('Ii‘-
diih llrako, Itoseiirar '. I'Ltldy l-Iytdnr
I‘ox \ictoria ton. Mart-iii (itisso‘w.
Janice IIiII Iloiottiy Jewell, Mitt rite

Lewis Jean hItllth‘IS and Nicola
Ililt’llti'l.

Also, liaibaia Reynolds, Itoima
Iit'.liItItl‘~i, Rosina Sillllt‘lllt‘l Jea—

ltI‘IIt‘ Slittllti. Illaitt' Stolbi'i , Iittirirttx
'l'onias/c‘wukt lIa/ol Voile. Inlaiirt-
\olo, Sii/anne Wade, Iliane Skittnik,
and Barbara Wehnau. Class ol ’It’t.

Sigma Phi Sigma

Sigma i’hi Sigma pledged the lot—
onsiiig: Kathy Jones, Junior; liar —
tiara Ilakei, Ar IUlit' l)obson anti
lior is Itosenliopl, Sophomores, (foal
turn i hia, Marcia I)ill ‘.lti, I‘llcanor
Ilient-r liar bar a Goldman, Janice
lIoi ning, Anne Lee Iy'ai’chelsky , llana
her be], Ilari rot liey'rne (Jail Maga»
ltll, tilt/.ahr-th Micki-l, lit onda Mil-v
let. Laurie Milli-i Itia‘hllt‘ Nuss,
llehrn Shor Shai yit 'l‘teies, Maui eon
'l'r ayei .s and Linda y'ogel , lr’oshnten.

'l‘he lollowmg were pledged by
Sigman Alpha: 'l‘irta liter nsee, liar —
trill‘d I5Lll‘iiilt‘ly Louise r‘ylyeis, Mary
Lynn Mart-Ila, Ann Roop, and Mary
Jane Jaitco.tt lieshinen__.

The above is a reproduction of the Certificate of Merit recently

awarded to the ASP.

visor;
Editor.

’l‘ohey
Melt-till ’05. Business Manager; Joanne Sobik ’iiz‘r, Adyt-i —
tising Manager; Susan 'l‘houtsoti ’66. Technical Super—
arid Carren

met, standardization is not err-

Tlte ASP was judged to be excellent or near-excelpim
iri ten of the 23 categories the AC P bases its ratings on,
In all other categories the ASP was judged to he good

First Class Elements
Those elements lit the ASP which fell into the excellent
and near—excellent classifications were in the fields or
front
style, editorials, editorial page features, sports cover-
age, sports display, and printing.

page makeup, inside news pages.

During its l-‘irst Class semester, the ASP was piloted
by William Colgan, the present Editor-in—Chief.

Others who server] on ASP's News Board last semes-
Jenks
Gain ’64, ltlanaging Editor; Karen Reefer ’00, Feature
Editor; Ronald Ilamillon '05, Sports Editor; Editlt llatdy
’66, Associate Editor; Jacqueline Adams ’titi, Associato

‘64, Executive Editor; Joseph

’65. Associate Editor; Judith

Orsirtr ’tiz‘r, Circulaliott-I‘Ixchrrntw

Three Hundred CCNY Students

launch Protest

Three hundred City College stir-
dertts gathered last week at the col-
lege’s Barirctt School for art Airti-
Tuition Rally. The rally provided
“a preview ol the unhappy things to
come for" supporters of tiritiorr at
city colleges.” accordingloCCNY’s
student paper.

This moyemerit is a direct re-
action to the State Board of Regents
move to institute a $400 tirittort iii
all colleges of the City University.
However, the approach taken by the
students is dil'l‘erent than iliat of
previous protests.

New Tactics

Prior mass demonstrations with
pickets have been relatively unsuc-
cessful so the strident government
adopted a new approach. The new
tactic is promising since its target
is the ballot box

Republican Assemblyman l’aul
i'urrart’s Manhattan district wasllie
scene of the lust driye to enlist
yotei support for tree ttiitiort. The
students pushed leallets‘untlerdoot's
and handed out literature explaining
the adyarrtages oi tree tuition and
post cards addressed to Curran.

The students plan to ialkroyoters
lll Republican districts until the end
of March lit “third” the peirpltl iii
the facts. It New York City yoters
understand the issue. the students
feel the people will support them,
sint o tt‘wltli‘ttts hate tried with the
proyen tradition ol tree colleges.

Continual Fight

If the Assertiny t‘tduses‘ to act lll

Mart h on the restoration oi ttti-iree

Inaugural Ball
Week-End Feature

The Silt Annual Inaugtii al \Iti't‘lyt‘llll
presented by the Uiriyer sit'. terrier
Association writ boi'in Iltlilj’IlI at
thittt p.nr. with a t-otttert It‘ilIlIIIIl‘y‘
the Mitldlet or y it.

The litauiui at Itall will be held

.it Herbert's Restaurant lrorn '.l»I
ionror I out t-yonitn'. \tornr-n wtll Iit'
yﬁl‘itlrtt‘tl Ll tr’t'lotli IlllIII‘y. 'I'Irtisti

yyho attend will be renamed by Im-
new S. A. l‘it-stdent andlico Presi—
dent. Mi'Slx’ANlA’s chairman, and
the new litt'tiibet‘s oi the Student
Urgant/atioit oi St-i y'rt es.

(‘hapteiorrtas for the ball yyill be
I)t‘. and Mrs. It. 1'. Smith, Mr. and
Mrs. Neil Brown, Mr. aird Mrs.
III)IIISIII11|I[‘,|'II Mr. and Mrs. IlaVId
lleal, Mr. and Mrs. II, II, Kelly,
Mr. and tilts. John C. Plumber, and
Mr. 'dllll Mrs, Laurent e (Joliiii.

Students who haye Worked on the
dance are Ralph lieislet ’ol't, UIIA
ditntu manager; lloriald Risiel ’tiii,
dance chairman; Mike Ilornkoyyski
’tjz’r, asst, chairman, Iletihy I‘l’lt.‘d~
man, Alice ly'olciirr, Iliana Marok,
I'Jlairie Mct‘arihy Sandy Randall,
Sharon Wegener, Barbara Wehnau,
all freshmen. I)on:ra Skinner ’il-l
is in titaige ol the concert,

tuition mandate, the students are'
ready to carry out their political
campaign until the Noyentber elec-
iItIllS.

The goal of the student .ictiyriy
is to haye,eyer\ State legislator
'opposed to tree tuition realize that
a negative \‘ote Ill Albany in March
means a riegatiye vote at the polls
in No\embor.

Despite the .s'rudents’ strong feel—
ings on the issue, their light will be
a hard one. Tyvo State leaders are
firmly on record It] favor of tuition.
They are Speaker oi the State As—
sembly, Joseph Carlino and State
Cortirriissioner of Education, James
Allen.

 

Assemblyman Paul Curran

(‘at Into. a Nassau i'ounty Repub—
Iitan. is on record in iayor or
llIlIIltli Ittlt Itt' said “I don't IIllllI‘.
the (it, l'nryersity should bepcnal—
i/t-d loi its it'lllSuI to ioll the
Ii‘t'lllllllll'lltlilllllii til the Slate Ilttatd
III IIl‘,Ii|III\I II

this stateirtont lollodod Iris tit-('—
Illlaltttlr linit he would support the
oilttits oi the (‘iiy Unryersiiy ltl
i‘,.illilli:' an int reuse in State ltinds
to per lllll .m t‘sjﬂlllﬁlitll or lat itrtres.
.\III'|i has shown
IIIt‘ [tittItIi‘llL II't‘

ionimissiont-r
IlI't titlrt t'l It IItl

goinst Tuition

and six meirtbei's ol' the State lsoai !
ol Regents recently in.qu a spet i.ti
trip to New York City to corrurnrt-
the Board of Higher Education but
a Shit) tuition fee would raise $17
nirllron.

Rosenberg Adamant

Board ChairmanRosenbei‘u siillt-l
that- their policy remains unchany't-i
He said any tuition t'Iluly’t‘ wont:
throw a major obstacle in the [t.itt.
oi Negroes and Micro; Rit'ans.

“To begin charging tuition lli Itt
City Unryersity' alter ll? years or
free higher education just when lIit'
Negro and I’tlet'to Rican irrrtiorities
are looking forward to Stdhllti‘,‘ their
children to the. city uniyt-i’sity’scol—
logos irr increasing numbers is to
single out Nt‘:’l'ttt‘.‘s‘.llttl l’uer to Rn ans
as no other llllllttlli‘. group has
Iti‘t‘ll.”

Not Hill» is Mayor Robert \\'a he:
opposed to tiriitoir at the Citj. I'm,
yetsity, bill also .lI the city’s t'.’,tt—
xcar community lotteries.

lloweyt-r. Ala-n attributes .rll oj
position b', t'll’. ollrcirils to it till .-
tntdet'standiin' ol the policy any: I
strong pride in the tact thrrt or
haye Irad II(‘Ullillltlltlttl‘ltldli‘. yea:-

;\III'I1 contends that
would pay the tuition lot
from loyi income I‘dllllIlt’S and b:
sonn- students With middle int-om:
State yy'ould pa'. .i'
IIIIIIlIIt ltd t

.‘st littl‘dl Hitlj~
stiitlttrm

parents. The
least part oi the
students.

No Compromise
5' [iii Ili‘lIIIt‘l Slllt‘ It‘.is Ii‘LlI Iii'I
t'ItlIrjtlIItlll‘su on the issue. 'l'lte‘Itrt't

wants all and tool lI‘. yyartts norm:

.it all. Ii rt-niains tor the .\l|.rr
legislators to make the innit
t'lsltrli,

The students oi the (it; ltrtt
sit. illt' rlt-tr-rrtiined to to “iv:
IIIIIlIt‘il to IIIIIIII’III't‘ lint Itiriil :t
tl‘rllttt.

Latin America Stale I'v‘m', r Theme;

Money Supports Euélumge Pngmm

“liltini' A /.Il,lron.. llttlliit s".that
1‘; in the oiltcral iitb- oi this .erir ".
.s'tati- l-rrir. The purpose ol the tart,
which \‘.Ill be hell on M‘iirth 7, is
to iil‘yt‘ titont-y [oi the tort-ij’n ey-
tIi.in:‘e ptogtiiiii I'at I'ilhtllltt heads
llit' State I'aii (oirrrrrrttec.

'I'htr IIIi‘Illtf‘IvdIlll Aliiiei'it'u—Io
runes attention on our foreign i-x—
titrtirge “illltIi'lil, Marty hlut'l‘llllilllit,
lroin Ilia/it Inach oigani/alion
will set tip its booth along this
theme,

Recognition will go to the class
which donates the most money also

to the class yyhich buys the most
boosters. Winners yyillbeannounct-d

at the closing show iii Page “All.

Gamma Rap thI open the pr ogr am
Saturday night at Page Hall. A short
(ominous .skrt Will lolloyy, showrni'

IIiIi'l’ ‘tlll't |"-ﬁi.l' llIIit-‘i. 'I Itl‘l' i‘
will t'liIiiiliiiitt- I.lt l. III I'ii t'IIdII
IIIl‘ jrit‘st’ittdllttli tit titi- '.|tl'lt‘lt‘ tor
basnatloi and “\II Slattv lair.‘

I l‘yi' liitlllllii'i“. IltI "All ‘t'l rlt
I-titi " all senior llll‘li ‘.‘.III .ilti‘l‘d
.il thtl lair Students will di'it'tlttbt
IIlt‘ yyinnei |y the amount ol lliy tc.
tin-y loss into the jar oi t‘ilt'lit
Itflillt‘l. The entire slutty-tit trod. ‘.iI

yore loi tin-so irye. tinahsts'l‘tic . or
and Wt-tliriestluy oi lit'-.I 'v\l‘|’I..

Mi-iirbcis oi the State l‘;iir tot.-
inittc-e are I’m I'asano ’ltit thalt
mint, l‘li‘ll Smith ’ttl, Sotirdat
'I'it-a.~.uioi, (tinge-r Ilupcll ‘itb ‘-

oidinaior, l‘.ILtllit‘ \olo ’t.t, Iitndlt‘
Linda ('hrtstiansen 'lin .\Ilttltji'
merits, I)tii l.‘i i'otiin' ’titr l’til Ill it.

and Joe (ialu ’hl "Ali, Statei arr .'

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 28. 1964

 

PAGE 3

Cordell Reagan, SP9?“ AA Board Announces New Policy
For Negro Registration

“It’s not a question of the Negro vote, but a question
of getting the Negro registered to vote.” This statement
.made by Cordell Reag‘on was the underlying them of
the meeting held last Monday night in Brubacher. The

Campus Christian
Mr. Reagon is a mem—
ber of SNCC, the Student
Non-violent Coordinating
Committee. lle has sung
in Carnegie Hall and with
the freedom singers. [to
has been actively partici—
pating in the Civil Rights
movement since 1960.

Shows Film
the program began with a trim
entitled. “We’ll Ncyer 'l‘urn liar-k.”
It consisted pr rmarrly oi inter yieyy's

with Npgi-oes in yyltich they told of
problems encountered when at-
tempting to register to tote. At

times, the hints of actual czenis

yvere shown with "t'roodorri songs”

as backer oriitd.
AII'. Iit‘llgtili’s

speech centered

 

Cordell Reagon

only the problem ol
Negro registration btit .rlso“pi'o—
pagaiidl/itig on the local li‘J‘tt‘I.”
This means he leli people should
be working to get a Negro elected
to oiiice on the local lcyel tirst,
rather than oit the national leycl.
lie cited education as one of the
main drl'liculrresencountered lll reg—
rsti'.rtion. Some Negroes “can’t
pass the literacy test
the educational system.” Missis-
sippi and its yoter regrsriritioritayyfs
were cited Il‘t‘qtlt‘ttil‘. as t-xairtplt-s.
Mr. lteai'on says “segregation is
trying in a coirrirttntrti. but not hay—
not anything to do with troyy the
ronrnitnirty is run." He urged all
present not contribute only money,
Iytlt .rlstt their !Itt|(‘ and energy.

around not

Council

because of

sponsored the meeting.

Ten Albany Students
to Canvas Raleigh
In Registration Drive

After Cordell Reagoit’s speech
Monday night, interested students
met to plarr for sending two learns
oi the each to Raleigh, Norlht'aro-
him during Spring Recess to err-
coirrage yoters to register.

The students are part oi the land
Spring Voter Registration I’roject
sponsored by the National Student
YWCA. l‘his is the first time that
Albany State has participated in the
project.

Fund Drive

Although oiin ten students will
llt'llILlII‘t go South, iriariy students are
now irriolyed tn the elloi't to raise
the necessary binds and to accumu-
late the trrior triatiorr which the learn
will need.

Claudia (reorge was named Cen—
etal L'harrrrtan. Site Jones ‘Utt will
Ili".ilI the Finance Committee, June
l~o:\ ’ttti the Research Committee.
and Iona l-Iyereti ’05 the I’ublrcrty
Committee.

The group yyill appeal lor funds
both to the L'niyersity community
and to the city as a whole. Approx—
imately Stilt) is newch for each
team member,

Negro Neighborhoods
The teams will combine yyirtt

reams lroni a Southern college and
will go into a neighborhood in
Raleigh. They will go from door
tit tIttitl‘ etit‘ttill‘dgltig \tttel’s itt reg-
ister for the forthcoming elections.

The neighborhoods to be yisited
will be ones with a low propor—
tioriate \oter registration. Such
neighborhoods tend to be predoiir—
irtantly Negro.

The students reah/c that iht'll'
elitti‘is are riot likely tosrgnrtrr artrly
:rlter' yotmg results. lloyveycr. as
Jane Ir'os put II, the least they can
hope to do is to "Make them tinder—
strind that they have the right to
role and that they haye the duty to
Note because this is the on]. way
local conditions are eyot
be llilpl'o’cd."

;‘,itlllj’_ Itt

 

by Debby Friedman

“(me us our rail back“ pit-iidt-d
the l’oitei menaltei their traditional
leaning post had beenioiiio\edinthe
«arca- ol tafeier‘tit r’orioyatron. l‘or
tinrty years the "I’otti-i Rail" has
been a meetth place, and now it l‘

HWE WANT OUR RAIL BACK!" shouted the me'n lrom potter;

no more.

layer]. noon hour
by the benches near the (Jaye, btrr
it is not the same Soinetttrnr is
missing ~ it ('l'l'lillll littlty. Stiiit".'s~
ol‘ticial i'teelers just are not iir .i
positioir to see people its long as
the'. Lllt' hidden in a corner.

.6, .i‘lFt-ljZi-‘e

,'r"

the [HUB gather

    

J .

 

as they lined up for the ASP photographer.

Athletic Advisory Board became
tied up last Friday in a lengthy
discussion over aproposal to appro-
priate funds for three athletic
awards diirriers iii 1964-65. These
dinners Would he held in addition
to the large Athletic Banquet at the
end of the year.

Tire issue is expected to be de-
cided at today’s AA Board meeting.
‘he meeting, which is open to the
student body, will he held iri Draper
H] at 1:25 pan. today.

In keeping with new University
policy all AA Board rrieetirrgs yvrll
he open to the public whenever the
Board discusses matters that per—
tain only to irrtracollegiate policy.

r—J

Three Banquets
Merlin Hathaway. chairman oftlre
Department oi Physical Education,
who deseryes in an advisory capacity
to the Board. introduced the proposal
tor three banquets iii the first draft

of the 1964—65 budget.

Hathaway said he was doing this
out of his desire to see athletes
recognized individually and properly
at the end of each season rather
than hurriedly in one trig banquet.
at the eiid of the year.

William Colgan ’65, objected to
this method of recognition. He said
that try holding three small dinners,
the student hotly yvoiild in effect
by subsidizing private dittriers for
a handful of individuals.

Subsidile Athletes

Athletic Board has always sub—
stdized athletes who attended the
big banquet at the etid of the year.
Colgan pointed out that by holding
the three additional banquets, the
students yvould he paying nearly
"7:30 rrtore for these dinners.

The Board decided to investigate
the possibilities of recogttixing

athletes at the end of each season
iii a more economical manner. The
possibility of organizing student as-
serrihlles was mentioned.

The Board alsodiscussed the pro—
posal of whether it should accept as
a matter of policy responsibility for
athletes whose injuries are not cov-
ered by insurance.

Injured Wrestler

The matter was hrouglrt to the
attention of the board by Hathaway,
who told the Board of a wrestler
who broke an artificial tooth in a
recertt match.

If the Board assurrtes responsi-
bility for repairing the tooth, it
was pointed out. it might be re—
sponsible for further injuries.

It was decided to investigate the
possibility inherent in accepting
such responsibilities.

Outgoing President Reviews Year,
Sees Government Reorganization Vital

I. What do you consider to be
the main accomplishments of your
administration?

It is a yery hard johtoeyaluate
a year ‘.s work in any job. especially
in politics. Time is the orin real
judge. If there has been any really
outstanding act onipltshntcms oi this
administration then will .showthem—
sel'tt-s no ~.r year and throughout the
year s to lollow.

I can answer the ttl'lt’lliul question
only II] this light the lolloyvrni: are
some ol the more lasting results ol
last year’s work. ttr my opinion,

l-'I‘he creation ol a more lormal
atmosphere to work in. 'I‘hisincludes
.such things as a strict adherence to
parliamentary procedure (mainlyas
a result ol our‘ parliamentarian —

 

Patrick Cerro

hither EEP Goest, The R

I'Ire men trad much to say when
questioned as to their l't'dt'lltrll to
their plight. One said that he just
can’t sec what is goini, on any more

when eyeryone stands itr lroitt oi
Illlll
Vantage Point
Another added that he can’t l’l‘.t‘
eyeiy girl that \yatks by air inton—

.sjtlt'llttll‘s ttlit (‘-U\t‘l \\‘Iti'li Ill‘ 15 Hit—
[llii' down. A man or t uph-s ‘d sita—
tt‘i'lt '..ilil;ly’t‘ jitillil
ili’rillist a l.tlI III the middle or lIlt'
Iniilyyay.

\i‘llt‘li It‘dlillij

.

I'.\t‘l ~. I‘otIt-t man used to route
down in Iti'lr'd‘l‘li Ilaosen to pin in
II'-t‘ iniotttos oi "tiirl tinie " but

how their I". ho 1hr I‘I|I|'~t’. Anybody

can sit on .i booth, but t‘\i'l\tilli'

can‘t lean against a tail

Inn in this yyorld where many
small groups are Ioigotren air oy-
t‘i'llllttlt is being made. Something
is being done about the “I’orter
Rail,” according to a spokesman
tor the adminisrr riiron.

Rail to Rise Again

lit the near IlIIUIt' the engineer's
office will probably issue the order
to install a new lillIltiiJ. It Will he
ol a jt.llli|~l rrsistriirt subsiaitce,since
sputtered floors were one oi the
main reasons for the reinoyal of
the old tail.

It cannot be said that the old rail
is irttly no more. Rather it will find
a new home. The .idiiimistr alionlias

JohnStei'te\arit).ttte wearingol‘suiis
to Senate meetings. the new station—
ery arid the geiiei‘alexpectedwaysof
speaking, subritttting reports aiidthe
like.

2. What are the biggest problems
lacing Student Assocition in the
coming year and years to come?

The, lirst problem that comes to
my iiiiitd is mostly a lollow-up of
the answers to question #1. There
is a great deal oI work to be done
in all the areas mentioned there,
the work is just started.

The second basic problem I can
see tie-.t year is soirretlrrng we haye
been plagued With this year - a
poor understanding of the roles of
the Executiye. Legislative,andJiidi-
Cial branches in‘ our government.

Third—the planning for the new
campus as tar as strident government
is concerned Will have to become
iriore titan just planning new year,
as stage one oi the campus con-
Sil'lli'llitll will well be on its way to
corripletroit. Lastly. the old standby
oi apathy will be. present next year
as it was this year.

2. l-'or the lirst time lit a long
time We now hair: a tile system to
record our actions. lland iir hand
With this goes the lttl‘illitIl/Jlljl, ol
hill ioitnat and anuitiberiiigsystem,
all ol which is a necessary step ltl
Wlltlliy' down the myriad oi things

 

that tiaye suryrved by “corrirrion
law" or precedent in the past.

3—1 think the committee system
practiced last year has shown great
'rnerit. although rttuclt more remains
to be dotre irt this area.

4—111 the area ol actuallegislaiion
I think the lollowing stand out:

a) The new r'eyised Budget pro-
cedure law

it) the Who’s Who legislation

c) most important I think ai‘ethe
proposals (Bills)concerning Consti-
trrtiorral changes proposed by Gov-
ernment Reorgaiiiaation Committee
(Art Johnston, Chairman).

d) last htrt not least are the li-
nance laws onprocedureproposed by
I‘dlltlllt‘e Committee (Barbara Town—
send, Chairman)

Collins Elected;
Future President

Dr. Evan R. Collins, President
of SIINYA, was named president-
elt-ci oi the, American Association
of Colleges for Teacher Education
at the Association’s conference iii
('hicago last I-iiday.

He was named to succeed Dr‘.
Walter A. Anderson dean of New
York Unryersity School of Educa-
ilttli, who was elected president.
l)r,. Anderson’s rernr will expire
next year.

ail Shall Go’

impressed a Willingness to itrye the
old rail to l’ottei' ('lub to do with as
it sees lit.

John liilga ’4in president of Hill,
said that the clirb will accept the
olier and will promote the railing
in a place oi honor iir iront oi the
house. The men hope that it \\lII be

I

’ 
. u ' v I

III“
vvvv

 

somewhere at tire new
soiheirlongest

installed
cairipris. it possible,
tradition will irot the.

So liotri our of the storage room
under the boilers will come the
battered black and white rail. keep—
ing to the old adage, “Whither ilroti
goest, I shall go.”

Emptiness now prevails, where once the Potter Rail stood, proud
and unconquered for generations of Ioaners.

