 
   

e

was: a

Editor's Notes}. Printed below are excerpts from the summary address by
President Collins and the keynote speech by Ohio University's Deon
William Butler which were given at the recent Student Government Cone
lennce.

We leel that these speeches contoln much of value and interest to
the entlre University, and regret that due to the limitations of space, we
are unable to print the entire text of both speeches.

Pat Cerra’s opening remarks talked about “discern-
ing our basic philosophy,” and repeatedly, it seemed to
me in the discussion of yesterday, we were driven back
to our need to define, to express, to spell out the things
we really believe and have been observing — not neces-
sarily to change them, but simply in order to be clear
about where we stand.

I think all of us have recognized that much of this meet-
ing has been directed to meeting that particular need.

We can’t solve tomorrow’s problems with today’s an-
swers, and certainly not with yesterday’s answers. So
there is the more need to know really what we believe,
understand our convictions, to be clear as to the simple
things, the obvious things. I think there were three im-
portant ideas we were talking about in these feed-back
sessions, ideas that we all acknowledge but that were not
clearly recognized before.

 

  

 

ALBANY STUDENT Passe FRIDAY, APRIL 10. 1964

‘ Dr. Collins Describes Unique Aspects of Univers

One is the idea that the University is a community
characterized by the method of intellectual inquiry or
by the pursuit of Truth. Call it what you will — it has
a nobler ring if you say it one way, than the other, but
we have talked enough about it in various ways in the last
two days to make clear what it is that we mean. t

It means that we believe that method of free inquiry,
if it’s sincerely and systematically pursued, will de-
velop reasonable answers. This idea goes back to Dean
Hartley’s original presentation. The idea of the Um-
versity involves the use of Reason, the search for
Truth.

“The University,” you remember he said, “is dedi-
cated to the use of Reason and The Scientific Method
in its honest arrangements of its various elements in its
search for Truth.” The whole procedure of this con-
ference, I would observe, illustrates the belief in this
method! 1

There’s a second idea that has come increasingly out
of the reports of this afternoon. _

This is the idea that this is a community - that there
is a kind of unity - that this is an identifiable group —-
a University. And as we talked about ‘dialogue’ and
about communication, it was all based on the idea that
there is indeed an identifiable community with interests
that are common, with memberships that are reciprocal.

The University is a “totality.” Groups of people,
shifting in membership, belonging to different groups
at different times of the same day, are all mutually in—
ter-dependent; and because they are mutually inter-de—
pendent, they are concerned, all of them, to participate
in all of the affairs of the community, which is the Uni-
versity.

The third idea that has emerged from discussion so
far is that the community is a different kind of society,
that it has distinctive differences that we can identify,
Yesterday we specified the ways in which it was unique.
It was interesting to me that we specified the ways in
which it was unique without really going back and ex-

amining the fact that we all accepted without question
the idea that it was indeed unique. But so it is. And
some of the ways that we specified make that perfectly
clear. It is indeed a voluntary society, a voluntary so-
ciety not alone because we choose to enter it. and
choose to stay in it but because, I think, of something
more fundamental. Because it is based on the idea
of being a society for learning, and nobody can compel
anybody to learn.

We recognize in addition that the institution’s society
is transitory. That it’s homogeneous with respect to
age — on a bi-model has), 1 Listen to add — with re-
spect to intelligence, with respect to commitment to
certain important principles,

************r***********

What about the implications and the applications of
these three principles which seem to me to be those
that emerged from these discussions? First, let’s
look at this characteristic of a dedication to the methOdS
of inquiry. to the pursuit of Truth as a way to solve our
problems.

This has implications ill all fields. and I’m sure we’ll
keep coming back to it because it’s a very important
point of reference. It moiuls we believe, fundamentally,
in the freedom to inquire.

It means that to l‘opl’t‘ss inquiry or the responsible
expression of ideas sultyﬁ‘ts (gr very purpose as an
intellectual community.

But, it also means that \i‘t‘ accept the responsibility
when we claim that freedom, When the facts are avail—
able we will not accept opinion. We hold ourselves
ready to stand a challenge on the logic of our progres-
sion in an argument. ’l‘o ipply it in specific fields, it
means, for example, with respect to editorial comment
and reporting that we must preserve freedom to criti—
cize. To repress that kind of criticism,  subverts
our purpose as an intelluf‘lllil community.

ity Community in Summary Add

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS. FRIDAY. APRIL 10. 1984

ress at Student Goverment 'Conferenre

But if this is the source of the freedom that we calim,
then the criticism itself must partake of the quality of
the intellectual community if it is to retain that freedom.
This doesn’t mean that the criticism has to be of the
Pollyanna sort or only in approved areas.

But it means that it has tobe in good taste, it has to be
based on the relative facts, it means it has to attempt to
be thoughtful. It means its motivations have to be con-
gruent with those of the higher learning. Those are the
restrictions that we impose unon ourselves.

Let’s look at the second characteristic — our sense of
community, our sense of unity, our sense that our inter-
ests are common — that the University is, indeed, a
totality made up of groups of people shifting in member-
ship and mutually independent and therefore concerned
to participate in the affairs of the community.

We do have a chance to withdraw to some extent from
everyday concerns to take advantage of an opportunity
we’ll never again have — really to find out what we be—
lieve and to mature those beliefs so they can be usable
to us the rest of our lives. '

And yet, we are at the same time, related to the out—
side community. We have to acknowledge these outside
pressures. We have to acknowledge that the whole com-
munity is the organ of the larger society.

Academic and intellectual life of the community is not
separable from the emotional and other aspects of the
same man’s life. There can be no sharp separation of
a man’s intellectual life from his moral and emotional
life. So the question becomes, and we haven’t answered
it, what standards do we set for our own community?

Do we stand for something? What is it that we stand
for? These are questions that the group hasn’t addressed
itself to yet. But I would point out that the clear implica-
tion of our statement that we are indeed a community is
that we should answer some of these questions.

The third idea is the conviction that our community is,
indeed, a different kind of society. We have long lists now
of the unique attributes of this society and the whole idea

 

 

mes 7

that we’ve really been discussing here makes clear that
we think i’s a different kind of society.

The whole idea of discussion, the whole idea of "dia-
logue” assumes good faith on the part of the other fellow.
It assumes that he is a reasonable man. All these as-
sumptions are essential because otherwise we really
can’t assume that truth is going to prevail.

In the same way, our assertions about the inter-depen-
dence and the involvement of everybody in this peculiar
kind of society that we have means that must indeed be
in continual consultation on all matters.

And, it’s for this reason, as we’ve indicated that
there needs to be representation; people who are having
the experience and who are in a position to comment on
it have valuable information to give. This is the right
of, consultation. This is essentially a characteristic of
this society of ours.

Not the right to make decisions, not the right to tell
the president what his decision should be, but the oppor-
tunity to influence decisions at every point by cogent,
compelling, valid arguments. ‘

We must provide more and more opportunitiesfor this.
This is the idea that points the way to the future.

      

  

  

   

 

 

President Collins stresses the uniqueness of the University community in
his summary address.

 

My comments are to be considered only springboards for futher discussion and, perhaps,
to stimulate your thinking in the area of student affairs and student leadership. For the next
30 minutes, i will talk with you about Student Problems in the 1960’s, and during the final ten
minutes I want to talk specifically about my own observations dealing with student government.

if we examine our college campus at the and 011963, we can conclude that student problems
today are significantly different from those we faced only four or five years ago. if we change
as much during the next five years, what can.we expect some of our major problems to be?
It is essential that we examine student trends and student problems so that we can do a better
lob of meeting these problems during the next five years. Most student problems are predictable
and many of them are measurable.

I feel that an important part of my job as Dean of Students is to inform our campus, our admin-
istration and faculty of these problems so that the various elements of the University can see
and better understand the issues. A good sympathetic understanding of campus problems may
help during difficult moments when tempers flare and issues become emotional and out of per-
spective.

When faculty and administration have not gained proper perspective and a crisis arises,
the University community protests then viewing the issue as a normal predictable outcome
of student or cultural trends. in my day-to—day work on campus I have identified the following
trends of our present day society which may create campus problems during the next five years.

l. We are witnessing today a conlllctol values.Today our campus is made up of many subgroups
which come from many walks of life in the United States and world.

We see students involved in pro-marital sex relationships in a greater number today than we
did a decade ago. Last spring,lhadan opportunity to visit with the Director of Indiana University's
institute for Sex Research ~ formerly known as the Kersoy Research Foundation. Dr. Paul
Gebhard confirmed my own bellevs that our students are experiencing more premarital relations
today than they did a few years ago. lie further predicted that the experience will be even greater
a decade from now.

i would like to call your attention to the January, 1963 issue of the Journal of the Natlonal
Association at Women Deans and Counselors. This issue is devoted to student sex standards
and behavior and points out of educator’s responsibilities for working with this important problem.
Just this week, April 6,1964 issue of Newsweek carried a most revealing and frank view of
“morals on the campus" today.

I personally wonder about the impact our University has upon the value systems and character
development of our student? i wonder about the University's responsibility in the area of values,
pro-marriage counseling, personal counseling and the like. it is my feeling that one cannot over—
look today fhe need for the University to develop adequate counseling programs for the students
and to view the college student as a“whole" person who is involved in more than the “Intellectual
chase."

2. A "Good "0nd I! that 0‘ 0'" r“PldlY Chantilan 5°Cl°'Y- It bet omes commonplace today for an
older brother to refer to the actions of his younger brother Wllll “What has gotten into Johnny?"
“1 never did those things." This is but one indication of the rapid clumge in our way of life
and it suggests to me that our college studean wxll test us from day lo day on Univct'suy policy
which may appear to be out of date to them.

Dr. J. itobert Opurhennor estimated that prior to Woiid Wm II the ut‘t'llllllllfillon of knowledge
doubled itself every fifty years. Since World War II, in. (iperhcuner estimates that the world
of knowledge doubles Itself over, ten years. Certainly such rapid change in our technoltnpcal
society is felt from day to day on the college cmnpus.

If. The confusion and turmoil created by a t'lillllil'l in values and the rapid change in our
society creates tension and fears among the students mom colleges. Consequently one wonders
from day to day when the student population will strike out against old ideas. One wonders
whether or not the college student Will seek an orderly expression of his new ideas or be openly
rebellious against society’s values. and ideas in expressing ins new ideas.

‘- Anothor trend that I believe I see is that of our society becoming more and more demanding
of its legislative and political bodies. The public is beginning to hold back lit the amount of taxes
if is willing to be assessed. Universities and colleges and all other forms of slate and national
governments are being asked to critically examine their budgets. All programs which cannot
be Justified in terms of dollar 5 and cents Will undoubtedly be terminated.

This is, all true in spite of the large population nuiroasus fit our society and on the college
cauypuges today. in the future, we can expect a larger number of students and a smaller amount
of dollars and cents to educate these students.

'5. Another trend that I we is the changing nature of our collogos'und universities. [semuge
of the fart. oi funds, in some cases, and because of a change In [ilillosnpiiy mlolber cases, we
see college; and tunneisillns becoming more selective in their admissions program-S.

 

Today, colleges and universities are beginning to say that only students who have periornu-d
better than average in high school may enter. The time has come when students will not be
permitted to walk in and enroll on the opening day of classes. Many colleges and UlllVel‘hllli'h
have established a deadline of July 1 or July 15, after which a student may not enroll for the fall
semester. We will see higher standards placedon our students because of the increase in knowledge
and because of the demands that are being placed upon faculty members to develop quality
education programs.

We expect honors programs to increase in number on all campuses and we expect more attention
to be paid to the high ability student. We might witness the all university grade point awrutw
going down each semester for several consecutive semesters Just because of the “toughcmm',
up process" placed on the members of the faculty to demand more of their students.

During the next five years,we can expect to examine critically the concept of “in loco parentis."
The university at one time was viewed as aparent substituted for the student - and colleges
were expected to look after their sons and daughters.

In the next few years, we will exceed 15,000 students at Ohio University and your institution
will exceed 10,000 students. This fact alone raisesa question as to whether or not we can continue
with this type of philosophy. One wonders whether a university can place restrictions on moon
different individuals fron 15,000 different ways of life to “keep them out of trouble” durnn'
a given academic year. We know this is impossible and yet we have not communicated these
matters to the parents very well.

It seems to me that we must communicate a new philosopin to the fathers and illulllers. if
parents have not trained their children well before they come to the college campus they should
probably keep their sons and daughters home until such time that they are able to meet the mam
challenges of a large and complex university campus.

in examining a changing institution, one wonders about the image that we are representing to on.
public. Why are you attracting students to New York State University? Is it because you offei a
good general education? is it because of your faculty’s reputation? Is it because of your grudunte
programs which will eventually enrich your undergraduate programs?

Is it because your university has developed a reputation for being a social mnuied campus" l~
it because of the reputation which you have developed for being a friendly and understanding lliHllv
tuition? ll scents to me that during the next five years your institution and mine will need to l“.—
amine very carefully its image and answer the question of why we are attracting students to om
college campuses.

Another interesting facet of the changing college campus relates to the aggressiveness .nw
boldness of our students today. Our students no longer feel restricting lll "testing the loom”
or “felt (Kinetic EHVU'UHNIBHL Perhaps this is true because a good litany of our students toil...
come from second generation college families. I am sure that several years ago when n omtw
any dean found it necessary to say “genome!” the student would go without question.

loduy this is not necessarily so. Usually the first question winch is asked today lh‘, "Non, ‘
Whom do i appeal this decision?" I um sure “my the very {am “my hymen“ ppm“.an “nip”; .t
5‘) I'IHUI'UUSU WI“ ('Uilll’ll‘lllc lo the fllllliililiii of lawsuits in the future against student llt‘i‘wh‘v"
“"“H'H-‘U'ﬂlm'ﬁr I a“! HH“ “H” parents wtff question Jlltlll'ltil bodies and this fact Will [til i .- n-m
'lUH‘l‘dI tfﬂl'tillllll’ “It! procedures and [)Ulll'ltfh' for dropping students fiom (he umvm hll\. Mote
(ill:[Jiltllllﬁlilll'uzltilli‘lili’lllcltll’? (luesm’ll “5 l" Wll“ '5 lets’illll’ l'ff-Slftnisllilo'.’ 'l‘lie deun'.’ 'I‘ be hilltlt'fil‘
..‘;..?";::i.;?°.:°:l213.13”?! tr"  mm  Wm be     
foolintl today that the studdnlufbourld flus [cal-o In me educ"'l‘"‘“l Pfocess- 'llllt'”? 1‘ 3‘ Wm" ""“'

. m - 9 lb own edllt'aloi. ..u:l‘elol'e, ll tony be tlill lespooxilllit

as educators to provide only the climate, the atmosphere, the lulllllilrah‘ “181,,”me .1”. 1H,. t

assist him in the otllir‘ulltuilil proc * I
. can. I fool there Will be rrowm' ct ('1' ' ‘ "'“ll "“' "
the number of social events which take ‘2 k m I“ n n “m [m I“ l

lililt't! on college culnpusos

m r . ‘ ,, . 

l (min/river, l question whether or not the student Would study in subtilutioo for all sot-oil [1,i'f_l
l serious y that all students Would heroine lnore myolvud in the elllft'iilltlli‘dl lilt"'t""~

. 7. In addition to the previous points made about the explosion of knowledge, it is strikinq 10W”
t'roi approximately 90 per cont of all scientists are still living today. smile lllml’le “"4 mm M l “l
(telll oi what We touch today Will not be useful twenty years. from noW. Consequently, I feel an 
sue a careful scrutiny of our curriculum and rapid curriculum changes being mode m with! '
keep pace Willi the change lfl knowledge.

8 It is ln or s -

. . I I t e ting to make note of some at the other forces which lace us today-
iii oln society will have an influence on our college students.

a. Photo is n grenlni' interest among out

These lot I I"

‘1‘ (' l' t- r - ' Silidoois for tni'ornmllon on llliulfitilltlfbtl inutnw
no .u not tilhlb in but one example Wlllt‘li has created lilih‘ interest. The space proffl‘U'“ 1" "' "' 'l
lot (‘0 which has n lrmncndonh bout ing on the attitude

5. Interest, and behavior of our student , t

 

Butler Says Student Government Should Compliment University Aims

students are more involved in overseas programs thanever before and there are more than 60,000
foreign students today studying on college campuses in the U.S.A. Our students have a better
understanding of social issues, of international problems, and I feel there is greater awareness
ill the student of today.

b. I mentioned that there is an increase in aggressiveness on the part of our students in ex-
pressing their opinions. student government officers will act be content to be quiet during the
next five years. Campus leaders feel that "the wheel that squeeks the loudest gets the grease."
They see this same philosophy at work inthe slate and national political groups and they will begin
to apply this same philosophy on the college campus. Actually, it is our duty to help our students
express their views in an acceptable and responsible manner.

c. There is a trend today on the partof college students to challenge all authority. A student
Will ask the question "Who says so?" It is our responsibility to help make students a part of the
authority rather than to watch them fight against it. This year, President Alden at Ohio Univer-
sny has appointed over 50 students to standing university committees.

d. It is true that higher education is in the public spotlight today more so than ever before.
We have witnessed this trend in the State of Ohio in recent months. In addition, one sees more in
print today in magazines and periodicals dealing with issues in higher education.

“Sex on the College Campus” is a popular subject today and we are bound to hear more of this
subject during the next five years. The fact that higher education is ill the spotlight forces all of
us' \ interpret the nature of the university more carefully titan we have ever done in the past. We
illu§l be prepared to explain and defend what we are doing, more so during the next five years than
we have in the past.

e. It will be necessary to integrate the total educational environment of our students. We
«now that our students are bemg educated twenty—four hours a day — ill the classroom and out-
side. What they do outside the classroom today may affect their values and character as much
in what We will be doing within the classroom. The fact that at Ohio University we will have sixty
per cent of all our students living ill dormitories next year places a special responsibility on the
student personnel staff to develope a fine residence halls program which Will be concerned with
something more than the mere housing of students.

What Then are Some Recommendations for Consideration?

1. Each of us, personnel deans, facility members and student leadeis must help our students
Ut'hlcvc an optimum balance llelwui‘u authority on the one hand and freedom on the other. The
students are requesting that we do so. Wemusl be Wlllllli‘, to give our students more responsibility
for their own actions. ilow much freedom we grant and how much authoi‘m we giye om students
“"11 l'e dependent lll part upon the educational objectives and philosophy of your umyeisity.

3. We must seek ways to decentruiixe as much as possible all f'tntctions within the student poi—
willie] program. livery person iii the program must be lilUlL‘hSlUllulH skilled and Willing to us—
umne responsibility for a certain part of the program. The area of lubplillhllillll‘. delegated to no
clinmisli‘ator or a sloth-m lender must be handled in no offer-lite and an efficient manner. ft 1.5
no longer possible for one iii‘fhfllf to make all of (be onpoitunt tlt‘t‘lSlonb of the ulll\(:lhll\‘,

ll. ll is equally important that om Ninth-Ill}. be made to feel .l li‘lil putt ol the mernll etllli'n-
1h...l program, The fuel (inn 1am yo.” tiVlll ht) students of Ohio Ulil‘-L‘lh‘ll\ have been and are now
sitting on standing move: any committees l‘léiflt‘u‘fll‘u no onpoi Lon step no wnivl. We all should

t'omlnuu to find ways Io involve otn student lentil-i s in llw decision-mukmg protons of our Ulll-
-t!l'hllltl.‘.-i.

‘1. We must rte—examine out liltit'lflllllt‘h fol t-flf‘llllllij [till new students. We Hitth reconsider
“W llllUi'lliiillUiI We tire t'onyeytop It: on: next rodents are Inyofmd llt seyelnl dam of Hm’llill/Jlig
Ht extracurricular acmilies, not Inf .n name». not Illlhtel a, do We not Honey I“ lllih manner the
kind of behavior we expect of them the l l".| of illl‘ wineslei '.‘ I feel the day may llfl\t.‘ ill rived when
"“ “Wit college campus on the ill ~.t day ol t llinnun tun liltill‘h‘utllh giro full lt’fitlllii', .mslgmncnls
.illtl the. lingilsb department .mslyﬁlth tbeouw.

lb [feel that we should not be too (neon bed we: the .ntoiesu-nl tion at lolistlt's of our students.

We can expect polluting, in... in“ “pm. on; students to be intolyed llI ntit‘ltil and cultural issues,
we (“uh expect our hllitluliihItilueimHtrut tones mill to take up “unrealistic” causes. We must learn
“' lit/(l Willi them and We. mum flf'f opt a philosophy Wllit it Will nol hold them down.

it is our responsibility to help on, “no...” “Helium the lllltll mnnon ‘-‘-lllt‘it he is getting and, lll
“ Wl'l' real sense, keep one punpnbundof him. in on: age of furl l‘tifllllllllllf'ulltlff We runnoi pi .tccl
"lli' students from the [an] [genes which Will come to our unopun.

It seems to me that one must maintain .lil idealistic milltuil. H We are to denl roosoocmely'
with our student populations tho log the next fiye year». We iillfhl be willonz to take it no.st look
at ow ideas and new values and new points of WW- “HIV-“'5 “W “9" “'1” ""‘m “' “‘l“”“‘”””“““
“Hy-70.! mu“ m”. “with”, m“. H “n.5, and H”, ,mmumyh why, l; mu placed ll|)llll us will (of (Lilith.

 

Ohio University’s Dean Butler made the keynote address at the recent
Student Government Conference.

defeat our effectiveness as administrators and educators.
Finally, in the area of student government I would like to make the following observations:
1. Examine your program from a functional point of view rather than astruciurai point of
view. Too often our students become boggded down with procedure and structure, and therefore,
they forget about function. Ask yourselves, what do we hope to accomplish this year? For what
purpose do you exist? What are your expectations? Unless your organization is meaningful to
students, you will only try to keep alive a dead organization.

2. Student Government, in my opinion, is notapolitical organization for the purpose of grooming
young people interested in politics, parliamentary procedure, serving as apressure group and
the like. Perhaps, even, Roberts Rules of Order areobsoleie.

3. Unfortunately student government officers come and go each year. There is rapid turnover
of leadership which makes it almost impossible for student leaders to keep up with the current
issues on today’s campus. At one time, I am told, the University of California’s student body ran
all of student affairs on campus. Today’s “Multiversity” as President Clark Kerr calls it, is
much too complex for student government to be deciding who shall be the next football coach and
the like.

4. Another observation which comes largely from faculty )5 that student government has been
long overrated. Serious students today are not interested in a big side show. They want to do
something important. Their aspirations are high. They recognize and feel the stress and strain of
academic life.

College life today is much more difficult that it was when I was in college in the late 1940’s.
Thus, the adding of more complexmes to college life through weak student government organiza-
tions may be hindering the student. Briefly stated, [believe that student government should be _
primarily concerned with provuiing services which will promote the learning and development of
the student, so that the untversuy’s objectives are attainable.

5. I know that today’s college student has already experienced some type of student government
in high school. On our own campus we conduct summer workshops for student Council leaders
from all over the State of Ohio. By the time they reach my campus or yours, they have had their
fill of "self—goyermncnt." Usually the high sehool experience leayes a bad taste lll their mouths
because of the over organization lll high school.

6. You may wish to ask at this point, bow then, do we make student government into a functional
pi ogram and deal Willi the curl out campus and World issues. I submit to you the following for con-
sitteraflon:

a. Organize a student-fan ulty—atlioitiistrativc leniew connnutee to:
1. Consider new and fresh ideas for student government
2. Submit rccommendations to the Dean of Student’s office for life solution of student
government problems.

if. Evaluate the present system of student leadership on campus.

4. Train future leaders.
It. Create a close Working relationship among students, for oily and administrators.
. Determine whether or not student iileonyour cninpus 1.“; well balanced and educationally

meaningful.

b. ( “mile a student press i‘tlillt‘lt’llf'e to ehdflilill‘ openl'. the rumpus lhblleh of these days.
Student leaders and member s of Ibo faculty and udmnnsiraiiye office! 5 Would be lovued to par—
llt‘lpiilo. Students Would be if we to direct any questions to member .s of the .uinnntslralive panel.

by open and liuok LllSl'llbhltili, perhaps, the academic (‘Ulflflflflilty could focus upon some of the
more blglilllt'fifll issues With Wlllt‘li student government ("do be Inyoiyed.

c ltmally, at still another level, is that of the (lculfUll of :1 Patents Advisory Committee
(PAC). Two years ago we, at Limb University did ynst tion. We asked, how can we myofve par-
ents of outstanding students in the affairs of our unnersiiy. l‘he pnicms have become a sounding
board for new ltletlh for adoumstrahvu and student consideration. This April the PAC, made up
of :4 couples, will again be on olll' l'lllliiJllb. The parents requested that they discuss some of the
issues that 'di e apparently issues to students on the Ohio rumpus. That is:

l. How much (‘ullll'ol should the lililHH‘hll) have ovei students?

2. Should students be required In allltlitl classes?

Ii. To What tiegieermould students be invol\ed In the policy ~mukfug decisions of our university?

»l. What til o the expectations of today’s parents lowuitl the role of a modern universtty‘.’

Let me Ifilll'lll‘lif my temaiks by saying [but what I have tried to say is that the job of each of us
is to Lit'f'f-pl the student where he is and to provide the kind of opportunities he needs to grow at a
muxnnum late. in other Words i am endoi sing the State University’s motto, “let each become
all be 1:. t'npdblf: of being." in onto: to do this, we must know what college students are, we must
recognize that the college campus is rapidly (hanging and we must recognize some of the forces
and trends. lil humor education in | lining in the 1360's.

   

