 

PAGE 4 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 14, 1964

New Name Malta’s ASP’s Position Clear

We do not particularly like changing the
name of this newspaper for the second time
within a year, but we feel this move will be
best for all concerned.

It seems that confusion existed in the minds
of many of our faculty and students over our
use of the words State University in the ban-
ner of the old News. Because we used the
name of the State University many people
had the erroneous idea that we represented
the entire University.

We go on record now as saying that this
newspaper has never pretended to repre-
sent the interests of the entire University,
just as the New York Times does not claim

Press, will make this clear once and for
all. We are a student newspaper!

This is not to say that we wish to dis-
associate ourselves from the University
community, but we do emphasize that our
main sympathies lie with the student body.

We recognize that we have some very
real and some very necessary responsi-
bilities to our faculty and administration,
and even to the State University as a whole,
but our outlook must remain essentially a
student outlook.

The ASP, like its predecessors, is clear
in its aim — to inform and represent the
student body of this University.

logic of our situation.

And if we are limited, it is not in wh
we look at, but how we look at it.
be the case, then we are not markedly di
ferent from any other newspaper in th_
country. '

We are students, and we are the ones

  
 

who have the responsibility of getting use

paper out every week. We students c
tribute 100% of the labor that goes into
the paper, and again we and our fellow
students foot 100% of the paper’s oper-
ating costs. I A
Perhaps we stand too strongly on these

 

 

to represent the entire city of New York.

Our primary focus has always been on
student life and student interests. We hope
that our new name. the

Albany Student

Where Have All the Greeks [tone

Why don’t the fraternities and soror—
ities on this campus just quietly fold up,
instead of continuing with this sham called
Formal Rush? Judging from the attitude
of many Greeks this would be best for

all concerned.

The Formal Rush period should be a
time when group loyalty comes to the
We have seen
little evidence of this kind of loyalty in

fore amongst Greeks.

the past few weeks.

It is definitely out of fashion to be
“Gang-Ho Greek”
this year. People go through the mo-
tions, yes, but lethargy undermines the

labeled a

Some people might regard this view as
unnecessarily narrow. We don’t think it is.
If we seem to be deliberately limiting our-
selves, it is because we are limited by the

entire Formal Rush.

Fraternities and sororities have been
given some pretty hard knocks by the
University in the past year.

The two week rush period is ridiculous—

ly condensed, and the 2.0 requirement

cuts the number of rushees.

This makes things tough, butitprovides
no excuse for folding.

If the Greeks are going to have any

future at all at State, they had better

at State

get on the stick.

They are going to have to make the
best of a bad deal. Being a little “Gung-
Ho” might not hurt.

 

 

Senator - Editor Criticizes
Judgment Of Editor Colgan

To the Edltor:

The editorial in the January 10
issue of the State University News
did a great injustice to the reputa-
tions and possible caiididicies of
several outstanding people.

While the editorial recognized
the obvious abilities of Art John-
ston, Barbara Townsend, Ed Wol—
ner, and Nancy Baumann, the sec—
ond list of names revealed either
a lack of accurate information or
a rather poor ability to judge can—
didates.

This second list was of Senators
Delio, Ste'nard, Genero, and llam-
iltoii. These names were supposedly
all those people who are interested
in student government and probably
able, although not interested.

Surely the list Would have been
more accurate had it been prefaced
with the phrase “Other people the

 

The Albany Student Press is a newspaper pub
The ASP may be reached by dialing 489-6481.
ASP office, located in Room 5 of Brubechur Hall,

EDllH S. HARDY
Managing Editor

FRANKLIN E. fOUEY
Assocmte Editor

DAVlD W. JENKS
Executive E‘dilor

JOHN M. l’llJNl LR
Advertising Manager
JOANNE C. SOBIK

.

Consultant Advertising trJitor
Assistant Editors ,
Dash Editors.

Columnists. 

Ruporlars . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..

Photographers ...................................... . . .

All communications must be addressed to the Editor and must be signed.

Student Press ossun165 no rosponsi
not necessarily reflect its views.

  

COMMUNICATIONS —--—

Editor likes are...” If the list is
to include all those people who are
able, the list would be Delio, Steri—
ard, iiarvey, Genero, Fasano, Gus-
berti, Rawe and Hamilton.
Certainly none of the four names
mentioned by the Editor can be
listed without the others I have
named.
Joseph W. Gain '64

'Student Appreciates Fiesta
Performed by Professors

To the Editor:

I am sure that I can speak for
all those who attended the “Fiesta
Mexicana" when I say that the pro-
gram was greatly appreciated.

Even though I don’t speak Spanish,
much of the nature of the Mexican
people was apparent to me through
the music provided by the visiting
proiessm's.

Albany Student Press

(SYAILISHID MAY I'l.
IV THE CLASS OF I’l.

WlL.LlAM S. COLCAN
Editor-in-Cliial

KAREN E. KEEPER
Feature Editor

JACQUELINE R. ADAMS

Assocmte Fditor

JOSEPH W. GALU
Senior Editor

JtJUllH M. COth R

Associate reclinical Superwsor

CARREN A. ORSINI
Circulation-Exchange Editr

 

This experiment in international
understanding was made much more
enjoyable with the aspect of enter-
tainment added to it. It would seem
apparent that much of the culture
and beliefs ofapeoplecan be gleaned
from their music.

Perhaps, if the State Department
were to fully recognize this fact....

Lastly, it would seem that con-
gratulations are in order for the
administration of SUNYA for en—
abling us, the students, to gain a
closer insight into the nature of
our southern neighbors.

If more of these 2‘e.\'periiiients"
were carried out on a World—wide
scale, the World situation Wtillld
be, perhaps, a completely differ-
ent story.

Derini s Wol ie '67

 

lisliad by the student body ol'tho State University of New York at Albany.
The paper can also be reached by dialing Br'ubaclier Hall of IV 2—3326. The
is open from 7:00 to ll:00 p.in. Sunday iliroogli Wednesday.

RONALD W. HAMILION
Sports Editor

l|N[)A A, Md LOUD

Associate [VLJIlUt

JlJl)|lti l), Mt it All

“names a Muiioger

DOUGLAS [4, UPHAM
Assoclula Photography Editor

SUSAN J. lHOMSON
Public Relations Editor

 . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . , , . . ..Duborali Friedman, Harold Lynne, Joseph Silvorinun
.............. ..Cindy Goodman, MuiyLou Viunusu, Ellen Yang, Betty Waner

 Joseph Gomez, Put Frisurio, Kathy llrophy, Alex Dellirii, Earl Sclircibor,

John Marion, J. Roger Lea, lori Lent

Lmda amuse, Ham Boyd, Rosemary Morisour, Lynii lKurtlI, Dian Johnson, Gary Murdock,
William Smith, William Gray, Gary Kuplori

..,.....D0ritil§ Church, Michael Pater Palmer, Richard Lokor, Joseph Molioy

Noinus will be Withheld on request. The Albany
bility tor opinions expressed In its columns or communications, as such expressions do

basis but we think we are standing on‘
pretty solid ground. We shall continue to!
stand this ground as the
Press.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Joseph
Gerard
Zwicklebauei

 

A Memorialfrom The Men

Of Potter Club

On February 9, 1904, Joseph Gerard Zwmklebaner, age 22, died in 
an automobile accident near Duanesburg, N. Y. ’I‘o local police and '
county oil'icrals, his death was nothing more than a statistic. To those .
of us who knew and loved him, it was a tragic and bitter expi-iicni c.

The last thing from anyone’s mind when they wercnearJoc 
death.
his quick and friendly handshake put forth d vitality that inadi- on .o
around him more alive and more active. Joe was full ot'yokcs int f,
stories and voices that could and usually did bring a peal of hiuiwi-i :
iroin audiences oi five or flVe—lllllltllt‘tl. ‘

"The '/.w‘ick" was a man oi a congloniei'age personality. 'I‘o sonic a.»
was the peicnnial adolesi out with iouslod blond hair and an car-innun
grin. To some he was an actor playing seven roics siiiiiilt.iiicoiisi..
To others llt’ was a true iricnil. a man you could trust deeply, sock .i.i ‘
from, and coniide Ill. To the speriaiors at a sports wont be nihxsw:
Jokes, to his iavoriic team he gave encouragement, and to the opposi'n
a deadly and consiani stream oi yibing and ribbing.

If his iayoriies woi'c in trouble, '/.w1cky’s fayoiiti- line was, "\VIm
the going gets tough, the tough get going.” .loi- inidroniarc. It (hit:
Slll‘vl'ell llUWll Ill 21 IMI'H ill l'l‘l-ll'Htlllltél', Joi- would stand up .ind i l n
the guests back to liii~ With one of his hoinc—niadosongs. the plan
“Chopsticks” yviih onough cacophony to make Itogcr \Vlllldlli‘. timi-
and could graycl his voice so low that Louis Al'lllh’liiilii‘, wwinwi n
a ii-nor by comparison.

“The (lid (irov” was his favor-lie nickname. “(ii-oyuiing” in m
meant anything done With friends ioi' iuii. It couldbcplannrii
until ~l:UU a.in., or driying all night to a buddy’s weddinr oi il in .ii'
ball game 1:70 miles away. If friends wei'c near and fun ‘vtii‘. in l't‘ m.
"The Old Ui'oy“ would say, “I'm 11511in I”

Joe wasn‘t perfect by any means. the was bile olion, bin ii~.n.dl.
cause he was occupied sonicwheic else. Sonic piituii-d him .i
responsible or immature, but these were gcniii'ally llltl‘it‘ whose .il l
and goals were diiieieni iioiii his. He had serious iioublc with lbc .i
ministration oi the Uniycrsiiy, but this was basically iii-innsi- x I.
oxiroyeiied and iHIbnlsiyo dcsii'c to support that serum lllll.i'l‘-i'
lll‘i UWll way,

If you were Joe’s friend, you could expect many things. llo yyoubi .i'-
you out it he was doing something he enjoyed and wanicd
lie Would boiroyy money, but sooner “1- jar” Wuupg pay 1. Imp ‘
Wtililil give you anything he had, and not expect inpiiymcm. it you lii'l‘ :.
help, Joe Willlltl do anything in his power for you. Joe neyei dcncill'
friend, and he bad very few eneunes, l

Of all the facets oi his complex make-lip, perhaps tin-.onalii.
intense, steadiasi fellowship was the most brilliant, and it tililli‘n: ,
'/.w1ck to many of us. i

“0W “all you measure a man whose liie ended so Vliilt-llll'. so  
Perhaps the only way is through the emotions oi those iovvhoin in l
“WHWI'Y is still alive. We loved Joi- '/.wick because he was no .lll-‘ -
We loved him because he was so dedicated to livmg lllt‘, lin- ho :,,ii i
We loved Joe because he begged us to share his Vllilllly. We ioycii Jwv l
“(HUN-St? be spread Joy and laughici to all oi us. Maybe no lowa '.I :-
““’5' “WWW “0 “0131) nine his yibiani spiiii ioanyonc Wlili'nliti l

‘,iili Iii ‘.|i.i

share a moment oi happiness Willi him. We Will i'emombiei llii' my
lot along, long iiino, and we miss him deeply.

 

Albany Student: ,’

 
 

 

lie was a lively and vibrant individual. Ilis laugh, his Sillilt', '

 

- Intercollegiate News
0 News Features
0 Humor

 

Features

FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 14, 1964

2,... .~ . ,

A LBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE 5

 

 

Graduate Relates Peace Corps Experiences
Spends 18 Months Teaching in Sierra Leone

I basked in the gentle warmth of a fragrant
May afternoon.

 

Editor's Note: During this past summer the ASP
contacted all graduates at SUNY at Albany pres-

ently serving in the Peace Corps.

All the volunteers except George Dewan were
unable to submit an article because they were in
the midst of their tour of duty. Dewan had iust com-
pleted his eighteen months in Africa, and responded
to the ASP's request for a first-person article,

The ASP hopes that it will be able to obtain
articles in the future from other alumni serving in
the Peace Corps.

by George Dewan

(" 'The time has come', the Walrus said, ‘te
")........

talk of many things...’
Lewis Carroll

West African vignette:

The hour is late: it is past midnight
and the strident sounds of drumming and
chanting can be heard in the distance. An
owl boots, and then again, and again, finally
being answered by one of its own across
the valley. In one small section of the
Village the ebony darkness is broken by
the dim glow of a solitary candle in the
corner of one room of a dirt—floored, mud
and wattle hut.

As the rest of the family sleeps, a youth
of 19 pores over a textbook, tryingto digest
strange and almost mysterious facts which
sometimes bear no relation to the world
he knows. But it is the world he knows
which oppresses him, driving him to the
brink of exhaustion in an attempt to find a
better one.

The candle —- his only light — flickers
as it sends its lambent glow across the
page and around the roomful of slumber—
ing' people. lie has been studying for three
hours (not being able to study in tho carly
cyn-ning‘ bccnUSc his houschold dutios lil-
volvc caring for tho children and carrying
wood and wntcr) and his cycs grow weary
as thc words on the page begin to mergi-
into incohcrcncy.

lli‘ rubs his cycs, thcn rests his hcnd
on his drawn—up knobs; soon, hc too is
iislcop. 'l‘hc i‘(‘lliillilH of tho cnndlc sputicr
and div.

'l'hc light is gone. This housc joins its
ncig‘hbors in .‘l yvcll oi iliii‘kncss.

Another time, another place:
It was Sunday and 1 sat on tho Vt'l'lllltlil,
:illci'nzitcly

rcnding :ind daydreaming its

    

Primary-school children use make-shift desks and

benches to do their lessons in a classroom at

Mpondas.

I luxuriated in the sights of the land
reborn after the long dry season: stately
palm trees swaying in the breeze; multi-
colored tropical flowers whose variegated
hues overwhelmed the eye; lush, green
grass where a month ago there was nothing
but amber-colored straw.

Just then I saw in the road, and at a dis—
tance, a strange procession of men coming
toward me. I watched, fascinated, as they
walked in single file, like a column of ants;
without haste but with meticulous precision
they loomed closer.

There were seven in all, and each, with
the exception of the first, had his left hand
firmly on the left shoulder of the man in
front of him. Their eyes never turned left,
right, up or down, but never did they falter,
never did they misstep.

As they reached a point directly in front
of the house they stopped. and stood, look—
ing straight ahead; soundless; motionless.

Ragged clothes and shoeless feet indi—
cated that they might be beggars, butI
could not fathom the strange formation.
I called out, but a mumbled reply was un-
intelligible. I walked out to meet them.
It was then that it struck me; then thatl
became aware.

They were all blind.

And another:

The torrid sun bears down unmercifully
on this Sunday afternoon in April. Rain
has not fallen for five months, and its
absence has decimated the land: hardy
grass withered to a coarse, strawlike mat;
creeks dried up, leaving a bare skeleton of
rock, burning sand, tinder—dry tree
branches and scorched earth; laterite roads
resting under a veil of powdery red (lust,
which, when driven upon, scndupa billowing
smokescroen which hangs in the airnndas—
snults the eyes and throat.

As I try to work at my desk the stifling,
opprcssive heat nnmbs my brain. \Vatci‘
scope out of my poi'cs, smarting‘ my eyes,
soaking my clothes and defacing the paper
undo r my hand.

Just then I notice that it has gotten con-
sidc ‘ably darker, as a gentle broezobegins
to lightly caress the curtains and send a
chill through my soaked body, Abruptly,
thc g‘entlc brcczo has turned into a bowling
Iliitl whistling wind which tears and Claws
at the curtains, ‘attlos the windows and
shach thc very foundation of the house.

Suddenly a fluorcsocnt dagger of lighten-
ing illuminating the sky is followed by a
dcufoning c 'nck of thundcr which pains the

car. 'l‘hc hcziy'cns liccomc :1 swirling
mnclstrom of blacks, g'i'cys, blues and
Vi‘lltHVH,

\\it,h :1 rcsounding crash ihc stilliicss of
a humid tropical aficrnoon has been trans—
formed into a rovc.rbcrntinguproa rof sound,
as torrents of rain fall from the sky, play—
ing a thunderous tattoo on tho metal roof.
Water is ovorywhore; seeping through
cracks in thc louvci‘od windows, flowing
undoi- doors, mandating the road and over—
flowing tho drainage ditches.

but this surfeit cannot last, and itdocsn’t.
It halts almost as abruptly as it begins, and
the deadly quiet becomes almost asdeafen—

trill/(Illlrt't/ on [urgc ii)

,1“ ._

with. .
(PM; mi ’
131:? New“!

 

A volunteer teaches an African History class at

Secondary School in Nyasoland, Africa.

Fifteen Alumni Now Serving
In Peace Corps Positions

The most recent Albany student tosei \emthe Peace Corps
is IVricda A. I’airbnrn ’5‘.) (M. A. ’61) who has begun a two-
year assignment as a Volunteer in Nigeria. Sheis only one of
seyeral Albany grads now serving as volunteersi‘n many parts
i,if the \Viil‘lil. “

Mzuzu

Miss l-airburn and 50 others also going to Nigeria trained
for ten weeks at the Universny oi California at Los Angeles.
They will jtilll nearly 400 Volunteers already at work in
Nigeria, all in the field of education.

The Peace Corps program is helping the Nigerian Govern-
ment to double attendance in secondary schools and is pro—
yidmg teachers for the newly established goy‘erinnentuniver-
sities. Peace Corps teachers perform all duties normally
assigned to classroom ieachers; this includes preparing
lesson plans. grading e:~.ams, andholding studentconferences.

Many Grads Now Serving

Other Albany grads noyv serymg in the Peace Corps are
lieliy Louise Duba, Jamaica, Business Education; Iiarbara
.I. Gladsrewrez, Philippine Islands. History, 'I‘lionias Ilop-
kins. Philippines, Maiht-maiics, Ilenry KoS/cyy‘ski, Ghana,
Mathematics; William Nickei son, lLllllUIJl‘d. Vocational Gnid-
ance; Ilarry Nukiesscn. t‘oloinbia. History—Social Studies;
ltonald Finkerlon. Liberia, llisiory, Veronica Pogoi'relski,
Iyory Coast, Social Science; Mary Louise Pressick, Nigeria,
liiology; l’aul ltcai'nn l‘llliliililu, Social Studies; Anthony
Walsh, Nigeria, I‘lin‘lish/llisioiy; Izai‘l \Velkei’, Nigeria,
Social Studies.

This tiliillll oi Siaic .ibiiiiiii is ialnng pari in the (Net—UA—
lidlblliii' l'iunc (‘orps I’iog’ram lleccnily Sai'geaiii Shriyei‘,
lni t'i'lill oi the Piano Corps. announced plans coin-bi mng the
ini t’t‘ﬁl Hill in,‘ ii .iliilli‘,‘ program in the history oi the L‘oips.
\n i‘xiiiiiiili'il l'viltJ xolnniccrs Will pariicipaic ill the tiainint‘
piogiainn schodulcd ioi .ihxll'llllit‘lllh in 15 nations during
l‘t'l‘l Unit and Milli'li.

Volunteers Urgently Needed
I‘bis yoai’s laiy't‘ spiinr gionp yvili fill iii'gcnt ieqnests
iioin couniiics in Alina :lSld, and Latin America. Most
of inc spiing .inup who ‘-‘-ill llll teaching uhb‘lt’lilllclilh’ \vill
ii-qniiu collt-gc ‘lt‘y’lt't‘h. tine-third of the spring trainee:
yyill not l-r- ii-tiuiicd to Law ilcyiceri.

the mayor dit'dh oi emphasis ioi thc spi mg training pro-
gi .llll‘a ‘.\lll bi- l'll'lld‘lltl Jamaii .i, Nigeria, lira/ii, and
\cnwucla. lilemr-niai y. ~.w'oiiilai'_‘.. and uniin siiy ltf‘yt‘lb of
reaching Will be needed ‘.‘.lill paiiicnlai 5”th on subjects
sin b as lungiish -,i 10111 c, and mathematics.

Sonic physical education and yocational teachers \yill also
be ioqiiiied. 'I‘hci’t- \yill also be llll.t‘l Volunteers enrolled
in pit-grams oi .iyiiculinie, community deyelopineni, con—
sii lit'lliili engineeiin,’ and geology.

Two Years Service

l’eace ('oi'ps Voluiiicch scixe foi iyyo yeais, including
iiaimng. 'l‘hey ieceiye a modest income equiyalent io that
oi those people whom they Inc and Work yvith. plus a $75
monihiy readjustment alloyiance, paid at the end of their
seryice.

At the present time 7,104 Volunteers are at Work in «its
coullll‘lus.

 

