     
 
   
  

  

. "nxﬁqb w. v....,....»,.;._ro.e-=..,

 

 

_  , e sev'ralquestions. ; '  .
w Wonder if some win _, again beams to predu

 ,Mo'st "particularlydm these exceedingly
‘ times of transition, wefeel that the student

 
 

W, should-ndtgbe deprived” of ‘Ltlie‘ leadership to
which ithas 'accustomed.""  ’ ‘ . _
“Wewonder‘ why such'a large-number of senator‘s
find it. impossible, to fulfill the duties theoretically.

 ‘atginauguration. Perhaps these senators do

 

L‘Aliot' their responsibilities seriously or'simpiy

 a. not care.

:But what-is most disconcerting is that the indi-
viduals taxed to support this governmental anamoly
and its related-extracurricular, activities are devoid
of any feeling» concerning student government. Per-
haps they have concluded that popular student gov-.
ernment is only an irrelevant chimera. Perhaps
Senate’s failure to raisef..a quorum twice in three
weeks helps strengthen this" attitude. \

May we suggest that if Senate, .after deep re-
ﬂection. finds no Veccasioii for meeting, it dissolve
itself immediately and allow those, few senators
dedicated to constructive service tovljoin other or-
ganizations currently accomplishing something. '

icoonterooint’ Worthy til Reading

We ‘are appalled at the reception currently being
given to “Counterpoint.” Rejection of a weekly
journal on the basis of poor content and bad editing,
is logical, but open hostility to a new publication
because it possibly has unpleasant assocations with
previous journalistic attempts is nothing‘less than
a travesty of intelligence.

“Counterpoint” serves a function which neither
the “Albany Student Press” nor “Primer” can ful-
fill. Because of its relatively quick and inexpensive
printing process, it can include longer articles than‘
are possible in a newspaper and features of greater
topicality than feasible in a yearly publication.

The material in “Counterpoint” has been of con-

_ sistently high quality. Moreover, its interview tech-

nique lends spontaneity and life to perhaps other—
wise dull material. If the “Paris Review” succeeded
with this technique, it certainly seems possible that
“Counterpoint” can, too.

However, consistently high standards quickly lose
meaning when there are a few interested and intelli—
gent readers to constantly read and appraise. Last
year’s “suppression” is assuredly a good example.

Lately, we’ve been inundated under a ple‘thors of
meaningless verbiage about “transition.” but “Coun-
terpoint” is a transitional element to a heightened
awareness of ourselves and our culture. Then again,
ignorance, apathy and rejection do require less ef-
fort.

 

Albany Student Press

IOTA-LIOHID MAY III.
IV THE CLAII OF 1.1.

 

 

The Al Student I ' r .
'em mum; oﬁﬂuuzﬁ'ﬁ 733'
5 of if»: '

"3'5" u. "girth:
or e
r a 0/ zone. rt. l's'l-

the stir:
eIIlce, leeward ‘n

:m‘" "m". leer Me", Is eeen Iroei 7r" to "M p... Sundey ttweueli
EDITH 5. HARDV - KAREN E. KEEP
Ce-Editere-ln-Clliet In
EARL a. SCHIIIIEI HAROLD L. LYNNE
MI Edit. Sports Ellie!

EILEEN i. MM.“ 6
Aeseciete Sitter "

CVNTtllA . GOODMAN
Asseelete eeture Editor

WILLIAM H. COLGAN
Eeeeutive Miter
lANl accrues
sinee's Manager
UDlTIl M. CDMOER
echnleel Supervises

DEBORAH I. FRIEDMAN
Associate Editor
DOUGLAS 6. UPtlAM
Photography Editor
JOHN M. HUNTER
Advertising Msriager

CARRE A. ORSlNI
Circulation EslIyange Editor

SUSAN J. THOMSON
Public Relations Director

p. lieu IL...
Assistent A vermin.  \ Karl emelrfd‘:

s.-

  

 

 

A r .I eh S
o. w  atria“:
Reporters.................,................................Laura Avin, Fred Nelson, Mike Forensll,

lndo Handelsman Siren C tl D I Cl Ir
Maureen McDermott, Alice'NudeIYn-orl‘, Ml'clti.trlc'6au my,
Pamela ilosI

Colonelste..u................Peul Jensen, Io:er Judd, Entity Iroptny Derid Chills
J. o'er Lee er L It IMilt Willi '

Number». ..........................Dsnnie Church: Joezsbui‘dure'y all.» Kim's:
rt MeOdere

............... Viilliem Sinnheld

A I I
l  to the Editor and must b eisned. Memes
e

 

ten Studs t Pr 0 s -
Nl‘ty ter eeiniene esprequ In «flame e:I «mum's-'33: 2's 
presslons do not neeesserlly reﬂect its views.

 

 

 

   

 

      
 
   
 
     
  

  
 
 
  
  

 

 

 

r

‘The next Item up for auction will be 52-Geldwater-Millor bumper stickers!

Archeologist Discovers lost Cove

by David Childs

The first time 1 introduced myself in the place,
a sketching student leered up at me and said, “So
you're learning about us." The place is the Cave
and is a case for study if not astudy of cases.

The. Cave is not a low roofed, corpse yellow,
creaky floored, insanely furnished, twenty by thirty
foot room. It is a spirit, an institution such as free-
dom or civil rights. If Martin Luther King, Jr. can
win a Nobel Prize for living by his institution, there
is reason to believe a cave dwaller may equally be
lauded someday, for many of the latter have devoted
as much time to their cause as has King.

But this is getting a bit sentimental about the
smokey dive which hides behind the respectable
Greek and commuter cafeteria of l-lusted. l-iall. In
fact, it is a poor definition of the room because it
is not a universal answer. The beauty of the place
is that its visitors are not all devoted to the ideals
it inspires. Herein lies. the reason why the Cave
stays open.

For if it were not for the occasional presence of
the decent working class from Richardson and those
untried or clean nosed students who slum in the Cave,
the joint would be condemned as a breeder of disease.
In a courtroom defense, the disciples of Cavedom
would probably plead to dumb ears and insensitive
psyches when explaining the diseases which they feel
are good.

A brief diagnosis of the diseases would call them
play acting in defense of self-boredom, argumentation
in an exercise of debate, gossip in search of charac-
ter understanding, laughter for exercise, conversa-
tion for art’s sake, hourless relaxation to stem the
tide of abysmal mechanization, and the indulgence of
various pleasures (coffee, cigarettes) as stimulants
for both inspiration and the national economy. Some
dilettantes refer to the Cave as an opia to good work
or as the land of rationalization. lwould correct those
critics (they've probably been found ill equipped for
its worship) by comparing it to Morey’s of Yale or
any of the coffee houses of Bohemia, U.S.A'.

Having mentioned those that are forbidden and those
that venture timorousiy, reference should be made of
Cave disciples. The room has eight round poker
tables, seven rectangular tables, and about forty
chairs. Under pressed periods four of the tables are
used as seats and chairs from the commuter room
often drift in by twcs or threes. The seating areas
may look haphazard and disarrnnged during the lull
of late afternoon but mornings reveal a definite
pattern. Tradition has created an autocracy of various
states wherein each tableisaduchy of one inﬂuential
organization (clique, mob). Thus, "Suppression,"
"Counterpoint," the thespians, WSUA,and folk singers
have tables around which they nest each day.

Actually Cavemen are no better than all drillers for
they inhabit only as long as fresh coffee keeps flowing.
From eight until one—thirty the Cave lives but then
there is an exodus which precedes the cafeteria’s
evacuation. The inhabitants have charhcteristics of
personality and dress which distinguish them. The
wench generally sport long hair, black garments (sexy
black print stockings, for instance), gaudy jewelry.
and move with definition caused by preoccupied minds.
The lads are rather sloppy, nervous, shifty-eyed, and
though sometimes not overly virle they appearto think
more than the average student. The atmosphere is
arty, smoky, chatty and less collegiate than any other
college hangout in town.

The Cave may have inspired a new non-fiction book
written by Abraham Luchins, “Group Therapy."
Luchins claims that here at State certain students
with mental blocks to effective learning Inset two
hours a week and analyze themselves around a table.
Luchins should send his students down to the Cave
where group therapy continues every day.

A Cave crusher would do well to be an English
major, he emotional as well as loquucious, be alert
to an infinite number of topics from religion and
politics, and know the materialinboth"Counterpoint"
and "Suppression" (and don't call them consumption

 

CAVI- "It GA
day. Undoubtedly

and suspicion as i did). These two avante garde sheets
are true politics in the Cave. ltseemsthat the editors

, of each were once frineds but nowhavelsplit, and wage

-circulation and'popularity wars by means of their in-

formative efforts. lf one wishes to contributeto either,
one carries the copy into the Curie where he will be
attacked by partisans of both groups. The essay may
be torn up by one party to prevent its adding to the
other’s volume. To add to the fire, the editors of ASP
sally forth to seduce writers from both rags to their
legitimate paper.

If writing is not discussed, art may rise from the
blue clouds. of smoke. There are artists in residence
who sketch unharmed except when they might be ob-
scuring a Goldwater poster with black eyes and mes-
sages like, “He’d rather light than switch twice a
day." Also, music is a worthy conversation piece.
Folk singers are topical, but mention of ammo [night
provide an introduction to a bevy of quail to sing on
entire jingle. The Cave's folk group with the highest
rating now is one called, “Maura, Jeff, and Jami."

In comparing the Cave with the adjacent room, one
sees more clearly the disparity. The Greek room is
full of happy people filling the air with stock language,
greetings, emotions-Color and style in clothes are
far wider here and their jewer consists mainly in
fraternity pins. Girls, here, are more attractive, lnen
larger and all unleash bright teeth and wide smiles
profusely. They are both more self conscious and
time conscious. Whereas in the Cave wrist watches
are a sign of lrnbecility and the bells are not heard,
Greeks linger on the clocks and startlike race horses
at the bell. In the Cave, political material is cast
away like so many snakes while the outsiders actually
read and contemplate upon the mass material.

Social mobility in the cafeteria is like New York
City traffic - impossible. One is either in or lonely.
A fraternity jacket can get you a seat or take one
away from you. Conversations revolve around groups
and the future. People traipse about making plans for
week-ends and promising to meet other people. Cave
people just about care what happens tomorrow. Apathy,
maybe but not. Not onlyisthe atmosphere cold but so
as the cafeteria air which is caused by good ventila-

on.

Who's to say which room is more adult? However,
Cave people appear to have more intellectual depih,
and'do consist of most of the creative spirit on carn-
pus. Also, it appears that Cave people do try and act
themselves for all of their oddness and are not play-
ing ’roles but take their lot for'what it is.

 

 

THIN tor a lingering coffee break durin
r 0 WOIIIIty discussion is in progress...

 

 

State University Theatre began its
season last evening 'with the. first
performance of Christopher Mar-
lowe's “Dr. Fsustus." The'play,
marking the 400th.snniversary of
Marlohre’s birth, is the last event
in the current series of the Ren-
aissance Symposium.

The Cathedral of All Saints, lo-
cated at South Swan and Elk Streets
in Downtown Albany, provides the
setting for the classic play. Six
performances of “Faustus” includ-
ing last night’s will be given through
November; 14. ,

Tickets for any of the perform-
ances can be obtained from the State
University ‘Box Office, Richardson
279, or at the Cathedral on the
evenings of performances. The cost
of the tickes is $1.50 or StudentTax.

Dr. Jarka Burian of the Depart-
ment of Speech’ and Dramatic Arts
is directing the play. Assisting him
are members of Dramatics Council

Groups to Submit
Sing Selections

Sharyn Teves and Robert 0' Pray,
co-chairmen of the 1964 Holiday
Sing, have announced that all groups
expecting to participate in the Sing
must submit their selections no
later than Friday, November 13.

The annual Holiday Sing, Spon-
sored by the University Center
Association, will take place on De-
cember 13. All groups should pre-
para two selections.

Approval of the selection will be
given by the co-chairmen. in case’
of a duplication of selections, the
first request submitted will be ap-
proved.

The UCA provides a trophy for
the winning group which is kept
by that group for one year. Psi
Gamma presently holds the trophy.
Snyles Hall and Gamma Kappa Phi
placed second and third respec-
tively in last year’s competition.

official to Interview
doctoral Candidates

Dr. C. Grey Austin, a repre—
sentative from the State Education
Department, will be on campus to-
morrow afternoon from 1:30-4:30
p.rn. in Draper 10". Dr. Austin will
interview prospective candidates for
the Regents Doctoral Fellowships.

Any questions concerningthe Fel-
lowship Program will Ie answered
at that time. No previous appoint-
ments are ncessnry for consultation
anytime during the afternoon.

Application forms for Regents fel-
lowship old can be picked up from
Miss Conklin in Draper 105. Closing
date for receipt by the State Edu-
cation Department of the application
is December 1, 1964.

in addition to the application, all
candidates must take the Graduate
Record Aptitude Test. Scores from
the Aptitude Test must be requested
by the candidate to be sent to the
Regents Examination and Scholar-
ship Center.

 
  
 
 

I one of the less crowded periods at

 

   

' ‘ , _,
begin. Theatre Season

and students from all levels of the
university.- I

The central character of theplay,
Faustus, is played by Howard Mil-
ler. Mephistophilis, the antagonist,
is played by Danny Labellie.

Many of the parts are played as
dual roles, adopting a popular fien-
aissance troupe idea, that allactors
should contribute a good share to
the production.

Honoraries llold
lecture, lndoetins

Three of State’s honoraries will
hold meetings this week, two in-
cluding lectures and two holding
their fall induction ceremonies.

Sigma ,Pi Sigma, the nationalphy-
sics honorary, will rneei tonight
in the Faculty Dining ltoom in Hus-
ted._ Following their fall induction
ceremony, about 8:30 p.rn. the mem-
bers will open the meeting to all
interested persons.

Dr. C. L. Andrews, chairman of
the Physics Department, will speak
on the future plans of the Physics
Department. Those students who are
particularly interested in graduate
study in physics are encouraged to
attend.

Pi Omega Pi, national honorary
in business education, will hold its
fall induclion ceremony tomorrow
at 7:30 p.m. in Bi'iiboclier.

Kappa Delta Epsilon, education

honorary for women, will meet
Thursday. November 12, of 7:30
p.m. in lii‘ubur-hr-r‘ l’r'viote Dining
lioom. Air. Germnnd. prim-Ipal of

Lisha Kill High School, will speak

Area Schools dive
Graduate Exams Soon

Graduate Record Examinations,
required by many graduate Sl'lluuls
before entrance, will be given No-
vember 21, 1904 at Sierra and Union
Colleges, and of RPl.

Registration for these exnurs
closes this week. It is important for
all Seniors planning on continuing
with their education lll graduate
school next year to know whether

the grnduafe school of their choice
requires Graduate liecord [Exam
scores.

The Examination Is sponsored

by the lﬁducauonul Testing Servrce
and will be given \eVel'IlI times
throughout the zit-adorn“: year.

January in", 1905 is the scheduled
date of the second Exam. ll willulso
be the date of the first exam given
at SUNY at Albany. Registration
for the second exam closes on
December 31, 1964.

Registration forms can be ob-
tained from Draper 105. They are
to be submitted to the Educational
Testing Service in Princeton, New
Jersey.

A ssydsy in Europe den help

WORK
IN EUROPE

Grnnd Duchy of Luxembourg
~~-EV0l')' registci'cd student can
get at job in Europe through the
Amerian Student Information
Service, and the first 5000 rippli-
cunts i'cceivc $250 trnvcl grunts.
It is poo lblc to corn $300 a month
from u ob selection that includes
iifcguui'iling, child'cul'c and other
resort work, oillcc, uulcs. shi )-
l)0iii'll, Turn) and factory Wort,
Job nnd trnvcl grunt nppllcntions
and com fictc details are nvnlln-
file in u .' (l-pug'c illunti'ntcd book-
lot which students may obtain by
sending $2 (for the booklet and
airmail posture) to Dept. N.

SIS, 22 Ave, t o In Libel-to. Lux-
crnbonri.r City, Gruml Duchy of
Luxembourg.

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

   

WFlY Congratulates WSUA
On Election Coverage

Geﬁtlemem

Large words and complicated
phrases are not needed when ex-
pressing the fact that l was most
impressed by the manner in which
the staff of \VSUA, covered the re-
cent election night votlng results.

The preparation, coordination,
and efficiency with whichthe reports
were aired reflected not only on
WSUA, but also on the excellent and
dedicated staff of announcers. re-
porters, belilnd-tlle-scene editors
and engineers.

it was an effort that the State
University at Albay and the local
Broadcast industry should, indeed,
be justly proud of and makes me

l NOTICES l

Newman Association

Fr. Charles Currier, S.J., will
talk on Chardin’s theory of evolu-
tion and Christian optimism at the
bi—monthly meeting tonight, at 7:30
pm. in Bi‘u MDR.

German Club

The German Club will meet on
Wednesday, November 11, at B p.rn.
in Brubncher.

Print Sale

A sale of original graphic prints,
etchings, lithographs, and woodcuts
will be held Thursday, November
12, in the Commons starting at
2 p.1n. The sale is being conducted
by the Roten Gallery of Baltimore,
Maryland, under the auspices of
SUNYA’S Art Council.

Works by Picasso‘, Kollwitz, and
Matisse will be available. Prices
will start at $5.00.

AD Plays

Try-outs for the second set of
Advanced Dramnlirs plnys Will be
held Wednesday tln'oughl-‘riday,.'o-

vemirer' ll-l.’i in Richardson 291.
Auditions will take place at 4:15
and 7:30 p.m.

The plays under r‘unsldel'ﬂlluli

are one-act draums by Shaw and
Chekhov. They will be directed by-
Pat Porsche and Dick Brown, and
will be produced in Page Hall on
December 15.

Students are needed for both act-
ing and technical work. No exper-
ience is necessary, and freshmen
are especially urged to try our.

feet douly nor _
cistedwith yvsua. 
(Therefore. h‘fom Ill. . .. 
benefitted from your broadcast,

  

tions on a job well done and dc,-
serving of the utmost credit. ‘
Gilbe'r't Gi-‘Rey‘
News Director
' Radio Station, 
Fraternity Entertain: Boys
For ' Post Two You"

To- the Editors: '

1 would like to correct a state-
ment made by Carl Cusato in the
November 3 edition of the ASP.
The APA Halloween party for boys
from La Salle School was not the
"first time any fraternity had opened
its house for such activity.”

Although we have never beengiven
front page coverage for our efforts,
the men of the Edward Eldred Pot-
ter Club have given a Christmas
party in our house for the boys of
La Salle for the past two years and
are giving one,agairi this year on“
December 7. ‘ ‘

Also, previous to the La sane
parties, Potter Club entertained the
children from the Albany Home for
Boys at both Thanksgiving and
Christmas parties. Again these ac-
tivities were given lit-the Potter
llouse.

John Schneider
President, EEP

Students Find Paradise In
New Campus Dormitorier

To the Editors:

We would like to point out, Cull-
u'ar‘y' to the article in November 6
“Common-Slater," that Paradise
has been found on the new campus.

The sand seems to stay on the
ground, the sand storms being con-
fined largely io the arch of vou-
Sll‘tlffiloll on the Washington Avenue
side of the rumpus. The noise of

construction is kept of n lillllllillllll
and is no worse than the sounds of
traffic on the old rumpus.

When compared in rhe Country

Squire. life here is pure heaven.
We can now ger up in the morning
knowing lIiill there will he plenty
of water for washing. and we do
not none In use buckets to flush the
toilets! I“ill'lllC‘l'llI()l‘6, the wafer
is crystal clear —- nor orange.
Nor do we woke up £1! two mm.
to find the sscaf running in streams

 

int" r'o
’me personally, hearty congratulso“

Open Evenings

see
,snd desk. And midgets crime-"nee ,
‘We even had the choiceof single or.

bunk beds. wnn mo 'o'r'tIiri'e men" V

,to; a room, instead of four, life has
become bearable again. ~ '_

We are now able to study - I"
pastime that was nearly impossible
at the motels. The separate study
rooms provide ideal facilities for
raising that all-important average.

Even though the lounges‘are not
complete. important improvements
can be seen every day. Morever,
it must he remembered that Ry‘ck-
man and Van liensselaer Halls pro-
vide the finest accommodations on
or off campus — even while still
incomplete.

The new campus is now livable
and those of us who were living
in the, motels did not have It so
good. And though this is unheard
o'fT,-"we sincerely congratulate the
Administration and Mr. Stone for
their, efforts in planning the ~ex»
_celient facilities at the new resi-
dence quadrangle.

Walter K. Lukons
Edward J. Brovorskl

 

a
.37

Quality Shoes
For
Women,

Men, Children

 

203 Central Ave
and .
Stuyvesant Plaza

 

 

NOTICE TO All STUDENTS

Due to overcrowded conditions and lack of space,

Textbooks for first semester are currently being

returned to the publishers. We urge all students to

buy their Textbooks for this semester now. if any

Draper Hall
135 Western Ave.

book is required once our stock is returned, a de-
livery period of from 10 - 14 days can be expected
if the publisher has not run out of copies. Do not
wait until the day before finals to buy your books.

In some courses where texts have not yet been”,

assigned, these Textbooks will be available for a
.few weeks after their first assignment only. We
.‘Cunnot hold any Textbooks throuin the entire se—
mester unless they have definitely been ordered
for the succeeding semester.

Thank youl

STA TE UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE

 

Ext. 129
Albany, N. Y.

   
  
 
  
 
  

‘7

 

‘11
f
a
_i
i

a

 

 

é

 

