 

 

  

r--.._._A_.-

r- mi“?<n-rrn~-n

It:

It
si
it

It!
("I
I”
lit
ill
UL
l'd

It
tli
bi

Ill

be
To
in
iii
di
lil

lit
/t.
lift
lli

llil

l.i
iii

 

PAGE 2

 

“The Campus Generation: Right or Left” is the
subject of a no—holds-barred debate scheduled in
Page Hall at 1:25 p.m. today. James A. Burkhardt
and Fulton Lewis III, two young men of deep con-

viction, will
of the Forum of Politics.

conduct this debate at the invitation

An ardent spokesman for the liberal stand, Professor
Burkhardt, who teaches political science at Stephens
College, Columbia, Missouri, has consistently espoused
civil liberties as a member of the American Civil
Liberties Union and the Americans for Democratic

Action.

Fulton Lewis III. an eloquent advocate of the need

for conse rvatism

in America today,

is currently

National Field Director and a member of the Board
of Directors of Young Americans for Freedom, the
nation’s largest conservative youth arganization.

Articulate Debaters
These two are famous in debating circles for the
articulate manner in which they present their arguments.
Debates in the past between them have always provoked

interest, and

in the words of Forum of Politics

spokesman, “This promises to be one of the best

debates at State in years.”

Readers of the Nation, Progressive, Frontier and

Grads-Financial Aid News Available

Two offices of SUNY at Albany
have taken steps in receirt months
to coinplle and make available to
the student body information per-
taining to the Wealth of graduate
financial aid available in 1964-65.

One such office is the Financial
Aids Office, headed by IIollis Bioti—
gett. Located on the second floor of
Draper, this office is open for all
types of financial counseling.

The other is the Office of Aca-
demic Affairs, in Draper 105, where
Miss Mary Elizabeth Coiiklin has
sorted and filed hundreds ofpainpli—
lets, bulletmgs, and posters dealing
With financial aidfor graduate study.

Many Sources Open

Business firms, federal and state
governments, fraternal organiza—
tions. non—profit organizations,
most colleges, and many otliei'lypes
of agencies offer financial aids to
graduate students ~ aids which can
often amount to several thousands
of dollars.

Accoiding to Miss Coiikliii, pro—
bably one of the most significant
reasons that students do not take
ad'.antagi- of these ofieis is that
the: do not know Where to obtain
iiiloi rnairoii about them.

She pliliitetl tilil Hu'itfi'dl
.iiitl taiied olh-rs ol litiaiicial aids.

.I‘IIL’ Unixeisir‘. oi Pittsburghof~
lei’s an internshipprogram inteach-
ei ediitation \‘.til'lli $3000 a your
While MW student works for his
masters degree and gains .iilliable
teaching t-:-.pt-i ii-iit e.

t llfllf'f'

Oklahoma
At Uklahoinii lllllvl‘l‘vll'i
Ilit'lt‘ are assistantships lit with .i—

.‘it all-

tioii, business. engineering, and arts
and sciences ranging from $900 to
$4000 for ntne months Work.

Purdue University offers the
overwhelming total of 320 fellow—
ships plus 1825assistantships rang-
ing from $1100 to $3200 per year.

Columbia University rims a sum—
iiier institute in space physics iii-
cluding field trips to national space
research centers such as Cape Keri-
nedv.

Counseling and resident assist-
aritships are Wide open to females
in a great number of universities.
including Pennsylvania State, Ohio
State the University of Florida,
and the University of Kentucky
(which offers room and board, tui—
tion. anti $1200 per year as a sti-
pend).

Cornell University otters six As-
sislaiitships lli Student Personnel
.\tlllllfil.‘>'ll'£llltili winch can amount
to Hill] I‘ tliii.i $2.700 per yelli.

Work-Study Program
Also III the field of student pt-i-
soiiirel \voi'k, Ohio State Uiiiveisil'.
conducts a Work—Study pi'ogi’aiii
which can pa}. as llltlt‘li as room,
hoard tuition. and $120 per iiioiiili
to the student.

l‘ttl' drainatics and tlie.iric slu-
tleiits, Sliiilli ('tillt‘gt‘ tilltgis $2000
assistantsbips in those fields.

Geoii'otowu L'iii\t-isitt.
$31700 lelloitships 1n the
l't‘iilitillilt'h

IIIIUI s
field of

At t'iuipcl Hill, the l'mwisitt. of
Noiih t'aioliiia llit'll‘ ait- .llllill'vl
70 t oinist-loi ships .i'..iil.ll to lo iii sl—

 

 

Want to save plenty
on your Easter trip?
Write to this man.
Right now.

Who is this man? Sheratoti's College Relations Director Good man to
know if you're taking a trip this faster or any other lriiiti Hi: can give
you a hot: Shciatoii Static-lit It) or faculty finest Card. Willi yotii (laid,
you can librarian: at any ol the 90 Sheraton Hotels riiitl Motor Inns
around the world dl schial ion tll‘.ttitilll rates
Save even more thll Zot if III a room (troop rates for (.ltll)‘; and learns.
for men: intoliriatioli and your H) can], mile to

College Relations Director
College ltolaiioiis Dept, Sheraton Park Hotel, Washington 8, 0.0.

Sheraton Hotels tit Motor Inns

(.oasl to toast III II b A . in Hawaii (.iaiiatln. Nassau. Itatiiaita;
Merritt. l‘imllti Ifitti. Venezuela. lei Avtv, lbfnul.

even Ill ‘,|lll.‘,ll.‘ l00lllS.

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS . FRIDAY. March 6. 1964

LIBERAL, RIGHT WINGER T0 DEBATE IN PAGE HALL

 

Fulton Lewis III

year graduate students.

Closer to home, SUNY at Albany
is offering a program in Residence
Hall personnel work, a program for
residence-hall assistants, and an
ever increasing numberofacadeinic
assistantships.

Miss Corikliii pointed out that
these offers are only a sample of
the hundreds she receives every
year. She also commented that she
is anxrous to have as many students
as possible take adiantage ot the
extensive information sheliasavail-
able.

As Miss Lonkliii said, “I might
not have somethingtooll'ertoevery-
one, bill the only way a student
can liiitl olit is to come 10 and see
me.

The opportunities for expense—
tit-e graduate education are avail—
able Itii' those Who arc Willing to
take the time to loot. iiiio them.”

Fawoyiooisaiss

 z m IllBoM} ,Sliql [9’

t h.ii lcs IleOaullt- Will bettietopic
lot the Social Studies Evening to be
held lli Isrultiichei Lower Lounge
Lil ttitltl
I'i\t'llllll’
(itiliitiia .\lu
oiai 

l‘lio spool-mi s Jiiirit-s If, llai‘kiiis,
lii, l.oi-. Storit- and Iii. Jean 1..
Anchor .-.t-tc liltlu'tl for their Ill-
reicsl Ill l It‘llt lilil‘dtil‘. iit.tl«,t,oteiii—
Illf‘lil. .\li. Il.til.itis was icteiitlv Ill

p.m. on l'riesda'.. This
Will be npoiisoiod by PM
lllf‘ Social Studies lion-

I'ialit'e illltl his field is I‘lt‘llt'll
llisioit. lti‘. .\l|tl‘.fll is it native
til l'I-Illt'l‘. Ill. Strum". “(dd 15

iiiodei il i',li‘.t'l iiinctit.

'I'liti't will I‘Altlt'ﬁ‘i lliI‘II tiplliltilis
.iittl ‘.ll‘\l‘i ol Ilofmtlllti. Ills piisl
.ll lilt‘-t‘lllt‘|i|\ and ‘ltilllllidlllil‘ pt-i —
‘.liliiill'\ “ill be dist rinsed

TODAY

crusading newspaper, the St. Louis Post Dispatch,

are familiar with Professor Burkhardt’s

articles.

He is also the author and co—uathor of books on the
teaching of democracy and civil rights, and has ini—
tiated a number of new techniques in college teaching,

Mr.
to the National

Lewis is known not only for his contrihuthms
Review Magazine,

Human Events,

and The Guard Magazine, but also for his appearances
on national television programs with David Briiiklcv
and David Susskind, among others.

Serves Research Director
He also frequently substitutes for his father, I“lllltiil
Lewis, Jr. on the latter’s news commentary program
emanating from Washington, D. C. He has a Research
Director for the House Committee on Uri—American
Activities of the U. S. Congress and served as ll:ll‘~

rator and technical
film, “Operation
Francisco hearings.

director of the controversial
Abolition,”

a report on the San

Professor Burkhardt is a native of Pennsylvrnii'i

and

of Texas. Mr.

received his B.A. and MA. from the Ullth‘l‘.’s‘l‘\'
Lewis hails

from \\’ashington, [H

where he now lives, and earned his degree in spectt
and political science from the University of Vergiiii't

AA Board to Approve
Athletic Budgets Today

Athletic Advisory Board author—
ized the final drafting of the 1064-
05 athletic budget last I‘l'ltltl)'.

The revised budget Will be sub-
mitted to the Board by Mei linllath-
away, clrairriiaii ol the Physical
Education Department, at today’s
meeting. It is expected to pass
Without opposition.

The Board plans to lioltl open
hearings on the budget iii the near
future. once the final draft is ap-
proved by President of the Uni—
versity, Ur. Evan it. Collins.

Sll. Revue Adopts
Broadway Musical

Adapting the loiiiier liroatlway
hit, “Once Upon A Mattress.” the
Shiit- Ulll'tt‘l'Sll‘. ltotuc Will present
this version of the Princess and the
peii laii'tlale on March 20 not 21.

Tickets Will be available III the
lower pei'istile from March It) to
20 at Slﬂz'i per ticket,

Leo Lists ’03. directs .i cast of
overtly—lite. with llit‘ assistance of
Amt. Scott ‘tnl. The seven leads
arc Jiiii liobdoll '0'}. the king; Ait
Putnam '04, as Harry; llill Laun-

ll]. '00, the \vi/.iid; Prank ltyei—
son 'thl, .is Iiauntless; Hill. It‘oi—
i.ii .i ’ti-l the pi incess; Pat I";i.s.iiio

'h t, the queen. and Mary Setter ’07.,
as lt‘dl'lvlll.

I‘ho music is by {\lart. Itotlgois,
tl.lli;‘.’iliti id lill‘liuitl Iftitli‘t'is, ‘Mlli
I‘.lit’ l. Marshall Itiiici. 'I‘hcpluy
l‘. I.il-.t-ii litilli the boot b'. Jat.
'l‘honipsolt, Aldl'ilhill Itaioi‘, and
“(soil I“llllt'l.

The Health is lilt'hl‘lilt'tl illlllllilll'.
bv the allltlt‘lilh. l‘llIhtl‘tll ’npiotlnc-
lltili promises to tilt tillt‘ til llil' lit-st
lli llll‘ lic\lie’s lll‘dtil I'll‘d ld'l»
lttllliiliit’t" llIt'llltlI' “.liiiiiit tici \‘oiii
(.iin" (littill) and “Kiss Alli I\'iitt~”

Rockefeller Pushes to Create
Autonomy Within University

(itiltrioi lftttlil‘ll‘llt‘l l.i.~.l ‘.\t-l'l«.
siiiiriiiai l.’t‘ l “iiiipoi t.iiit 'iiltpb \vliit ll
.tit- lit to iiiitli-i liikoh lo pio'.ith- llii-
.‘itdll' lviii.t'l‘.il\ til Nt'h \‘IIIb \'.Illi

.iiiloiioin. III the |llil||.l|’,l‘-

i i

.‘itt.iliti
lllt‘lil oi its .llldll ‘.

the III at til these would ll‘ legis—
Iation whirling the President ol the
Phi .i-i sir. te.\t'liisi‘.t-l‘. to determine
omit. ot the Uni.er .itv's protes-
~.t.il'l prisllitilis uit- ll llu iii
the tilit'l.i.‘..‘.llit5tl t till .sei \It'l'.

‘iltiliill

l'itdei ‘ilt'll lt-.o the lllllllltt‘l oi
~.t.iti ptinllltdri. \Hllilli the Mine of
(retit'lal Set ‘.lt't". would lio lease to
pio.ido kt-v lop lett-l and other staff
lIlI‘llll‘I'l » wlitintt ‘itilt‘ responsibility
.till he lliI' prompt iullilliiiciit of
HM Smit- l‘;.ivci.~.iiv pint basing it'—

Illllll‘lllt'ltl‘t.

As .i final stop, liotti-Iclloi said
ho ~.iippoi It‘ll legislationwhich would
pi-itnit the Slate l'nizt-isity budget
it-tinculs to be mlmirted to the
(Iti'ileitil tlIll‘t‘lI-. Idlllt‘l than
through Illt‘ Stale intltit .ilroii I)t‘ll.ll t—
Illl'lil.

'I'he tio\itiiioi dlhttt Llllt'tl ltil ltiiiip
.‘illlli .ippittpillillttiin loi Suite l'ni—
\Ulhll‘. units. to tilt .il.ot .ili-d with
picture] Ilt'.\lllIlII\.

toiritiieiitriiit on littliiili oi ilicSidti-
llii1.ct.silv .i. Iiil\\lt‘litl‘ Muiia.
‘xI‘I term, and at ting l hit-l .itllllllil‘)’
tldllH‘ tilllll‘I
war. pleased

and the ltiiixeisili
\tilli lllI' lltlil‘llllll“;
illilltitllltt‘lllt'lll .iiitl \lt‘lkt'tl II at. an
important Illllt‘HlItIIt' in its yr with.

Dr. Collins iiitist iii'st app:
the budget heroic the Board it. it
powered to make it public. ti
this is done. any interested p.i:‘ .
can attend Board meetings .ii.: .
any questions about the buthtt-t ' i
wish.

Athletic Board Will post copie-
the budget soiiiewht-re til the It 
porislyles.

Cut Banquets
The Board t'llt lvvopi'optistttl lltt
out of the budget l-Plttl't- Llltltlt
it last It'ridav.

One was the proposal i.
ai'ate .ithlt-tic banquets .l‘
eacli sports sinistili. The l
cidt-d to experiment \'.lllid'.'..t.
semi-lies loi' athletes at “c-
llit‘ tlii't-e sports seasonsd c i.
made this decision to Lot»; '.I‘
ol awards and letter u .it .i .. ii.
The other pioponai  oi
piti'.1tli|tl llilitls llli llI‘t t't” out
squad to attend .iwa. ..l-li|‘ ..
l'.o.iid tlet itlt-tl lli.il it  . ' ,t
.siii'. lot the t‘litit‘ilontllii.
li.l.f‘l Willi the soccer .tl.‘l ‘ :
ball teams in l’tt}»l~t 7

Awards Presentation

I‘Iit' IIIMII‘I .tlso .ltlltltll‘ll'l.it
pioposal that the intli.rdtiii
but s ol the Iltiill tlpi I".t'lll t: or
AIM lt'llt‘l ‘. llt Skill”: till-It'll
(‘litl til lllt‘ ~.]itll I‘s ‘it‘.t‘.t>|i‘t.
I'lii- ltll'd ‘.‘..i‘. Illlll'lllt I“
litiiiitl |\ ll;llit.i\‘.‘.i'. who I-
tliinl. the awards .iiid lct-c
have moio pi’osiiyo :ill.it tut-t
ll llil". .iit- ltlt"il‘l.ll"l It
than lo. the lt‘illll that ho '

Iii llli' p.i,sl llli- lt-.tiii t.tt‘
.il\\:i‘.s piost-iilod lltt‘ wt.
.l‘»‘.itltl‘i .it tho l.ri ti .l" lt"l'
.ll lllt‘ t'iitl Ill ii I' t.ll,

Artificial Tooth Foot
l‘he lio.tid I‘Hldltllhltt'tl .
t‘Iill iooii. tiitid ol :ﬁltititti

Itt .th llillll ‘. it-t't-iill. now-ii
.\llt.tll. ‘t\lt“.lll'l -Ittl it'tt‘
ltobi lioi,t .iii .iitilti.ii 

\Vi itsllini: tii.iit l.,

the .i.-.tii .lllt t- llll‘l [.1 t

.llltll"l' 3‘

llt‘ tilt .1“ ||
ti.t llltlt‘ t ltit'l .I, t- ltrl .ii 'iii .tl
lht- iloiiitt th-t l‘lt'l it 'd . i t
It".]lttll‘ill iiit. Ioi .til lttltilt'tt
til llil‘. li.ll|llt‘.

ll||\k|‘il'l

litdlt't, lli]lll\ .
this Illlitl ll.i1

lrt' piiitl lot it.

.‘Hll‘l ltl' li.ttl ‘Il‘vlti\l‘l|"l iii t
o\t-i llt .Ilt old lll‘vllf dlit t' in

li:.lit'tl It, tlit- t'lti'm of 'II. lt‘l-
l‘iii.t-i nit. lIi .llll'tl ii .lll.it'll‘

Moriior. .-.ili tic Idlit'll out
long, llllll‘it'll Iiiiid lo p.i. l

ihlni\

 

 

.i.
t:

 

“I’m trying to figure out in my
mind what I’m going to do Willi
Cabinet. It’s a mess, and always
Iias been. I in thinking ofappointiiig
younger Cabinet Commissioners.”

These Words, rattled out in a
last, halting mariner,underscorethe
spirit with which Arthur Johnston
’05, the newly—elected PreSident of
Student Association, is tackling the
task that now confronts him.

Since his inauguration last Sat-
urday Johnston has moved Willi de—
liberate speed in taking mer the
rcms ol oliice ll'tilii his predeces—
soi'. Patrick Ccrra ’U-I.

The new SA President has sortie
".ei'_\ tlcfiinte ideas on how student
itovei'iinient should lutictroii at State.
To his lliilltl, reorganization olCab—
inet itlltl the Senate committees are

oi prime importance right now.
Continuity Important
Johnston is particularly con—

t‘t'llit‘tl Willi gaining :i irieasurc of
t'tdllllltlll‘. in Cabinet and the ('lilll—
iriiiitti-s. “Young blood” is the
when referring to

term lll‘ tist's
what is needed iti these areas.
"It’s ridiculous the \\'a‘. nil the

members til Cabinet :iie Seniors,"
.s.iid .lobiisiori. "We need ttillllll-
iiit\. I’m t".l'll thinking of Lilipttlllllilt‘
freshmen as the heads til soint-
Senate coininrtiees.”

Johnston .ilsoliaspliins loi sweep-
ing changes lit the structure of the
Somme comiiiiitet- system itself. I'Jx—
cept loi' finance. he plans to holilolf

Honnett Chosen As

1964 Ambassador;
Will Go In Japan

Dave Siiniiiglon ,U‘l. Minister of
Culture and Religion.announced last
Saturdai at the Inauguration (Sere-
inonit-s. that l‘ili/abetli Iloiiiielt '05,
is State‘s lllIi-l Student Ambassador.

I.i/. Will take pail in the Experi—
ment in International Livingspend-
ini' two months in Japan. Her first
four Weeks in Japan will be spent
liting with a Japanese lillllll\.

l‘heii .s'lie Will Jtilll nine other es-
[it‘i'llllt'lilt‘l’h III a four week tour of
Japan, with It'll Illtll\(‘ Japanese as
follow ti .i\c|ci'.s'.

    

’Elizdbeth Honnett

Lil. said she I}. inst “thrilled”
that shit was ‘il‘lt'l lt‘tl to take pail
iii the pi'ogi'aiii, She feels the ea-
peiienco Will be "challenging" and

hopes who I an li\t- upto th.s honor.

Sitiiiiigton also iiiinoiitit ed that the
tlllll'l llllitll‘l'ﬁ li.i\i~ iilhti l'I‘t‘Il .lt‘»
tt-ltit-tl lt\ llll' t'oiiiliriltt-c. 'I'littt.
illt' l\'.tthll~t~it Ilitllllﬁ. I'illl ll‘l'il I‘a—
s.ii.o t‘iii ole llni \('\ , 'l'olii Mesltti,
litiltttlt int-t1. litillillll Iliiiiiilloii and
iatlttaitl Woliici.

setting tip any standing committees
for the first month of the session.

Ad tioc committees will be set tip
duFiTiE—Tl'ris period to deal with spe-
cific problems. Johnston intends to
wait and see what committees are
Worth maintaining before setting
them lip on a permanent basis.

First Senate Meeting
Senate Will open its current ses-
sion next Wednesday night at 7:30
p.in. iii lirtihacher Dining Hall.

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS FRIDAY. March 6, 1964 PAGE 3

Johnston Plans Re-organilation;
Seeks Continuity in Cabinet

Before this first meeting,how-
ever, the members will be intro-
duced to Senate Willi an orientation
program tonight and tomorrow af-
teriroon.

As part of this orientation pro-
gram, Johnston lias met several
times with Cerra.

Part of the program will include
a mock Senate tomorrow, and air
introduction to pai‘liaiiieiitai‘y pro-
cedure for the newly—elected Serra-
tors.

Outgoing SA President Pot Cerro congratulates his successor

Art Johnston.
chief.

Al Smith, newly-elected Vice President hails his

Recent Student Elections

Contain Many

Strident electrons at State this
vcar toriiarned riiaiiy oddities While
I't‘lsllllllil' Ill some \ei‘y trumpet-ted
tlcteiopinonts on the University’s
ptilitlt'ul .st “110.

In Senate, a surprising iniiiibei
td Independents.elc\cii.garnedelec—
tion. This represents a sharp iii—
ci‘east- otei the lolii Intlepcndciits
who Weig originall'. elected to the
liltiti-tltl Senate session.

Mani. observers considered this
surprising in light oi the but turn
otit at the polls this year. The
vast iiialoi ll‘. oi those Htlltlt'iiln who
voted in the general elections were
Creeks.

Approxtiiiiitt-h $5313. ol the student
body took part in llit‘ elt-clioiis, with
not; students castiiiit ballots. Tho I\ —
two percent represents a shriip do—
('1 case in the llllllllll'l ofthose \oting
ti'.t'l last year’s turnout. At that
time about ill", of the strident body
participated.

The ('Iass til '07 provided heat It
oiit-—lliiitl of the ballots t'iist IIl lllt‘
3733‘}; or llilt Ii'tihli
l’i.ii". of the Senior

elections as
(liili
class \till‘tl.

'I'llt‘ ( liihh til lilbwt lii'tilltlt'tl llit‘
lili’i',t‘.sl .‘illl'llllht' iii Ieiiiis of pet-
t't’llldl't' \otiiig. The Jill", oi the
class that voted representsain.ii ketl
iiicit-iisc III the iitinibei s ol Juniors

\titetl.

who h.i\t~ .ttlt‘tl iii the past.
MYSKANIA

l'lie Ali-S‘KANIA elections this
veai pi'oiitlcd sewiul interesting

W NOTICES W

Alvin Alloy Duiicors

lbe Alvm Ailey Ilaiit‘eis have
ltt't'li rescheduled for Apiil it, the
flirt 'i'liui'sduy after l'laslci' \‘a-
ration. 'l‘ht- 'I‘i‘oop was to have up»
peaied l‘eb. :30, but due to illness,
the appear once was postponed
‘l'ickcts obtained for the oiiginal
piotllit'llliii \Hll lll‘. \iilltl ltIl llll‘ It'-
st ll(‘\llll\‘ll ptil IUI lliitiit t'.

University Bookstore
'l‘he Uiiitei'sity liookstoie still
has a few copies ol the robe:
h'tlititil and Society, ('tlII-
raining a iepoit, Uabrrel Marcel
lll Albany. by i’iolessoi (‘ieegaih
chairman of lllt' philosophy depart—
merit. the issue also has a cover
picture of Marcel, Who deliieit-d
ii letlilit: to an audience of oiei

1,000 in Page ltall last lull.

issue of

Oddities

human interest .sitlelights.

No Independents. 101' the first time
in .s’e\ei'al tears, \‘.'UI'(‘t‘lt‘I‘lt‘tIllilltt‘
body. Uiie Independent. Nick Ai—
gtros, had been i‘ocoinnionded loi
election by the pioiious MYSKAN—
IA. lie finished lifteeiilli III the
\tilllll',.

This is the lost time lli .si-vt-ial
_\e;ii.s that a iocoiniiiendod candi—
tlillf‘ lill‘n not been t‘lt‘f‘lf‘tl

I'JdWiirtl Woliioi carried on a
llllllll'i ti.itlltltili when he was tapped
for .seat number ill. lioilihisbioth-
f‘l .ilitl lathci ‘iitl .siil ll.‘ scat Ill
lit-tor t- him,

No member of Kappa Delta soi—
oiitt was elected to {\IYSKANIA.
Sistt-is oi |\'li had occupied seat
number .‘-t'\(!|l lot the last lrl year s.

Class Officers

hi I“ hiiiiin and Jiiiiioi ('liiss elec—
llttllf» also li.id llit'll sidcliiilits.

.‘i'liiii l\I'lltt'l \vtis (‘lt'f‘lt’tl li'. tiii
tt‘.I‘l\\llt‘Illlllll‘, margin to lt‘iltl lllt'
(last. of ’07. His lilt', biotin-i this
is Steve (in I], who t'tilllt idol,—

\t-ai
tally scinttd it‘i president lot the
t'lass iil 't.b_

Itit l. trout-l it, who our lowly
llil‘mt'll the t l.l.‘.‘i pi l“wl|ll'l||\ and SA
\it c l’icsidoiit i on in ciiolis ti it-s
liiiaili t.l|llt' home .i \tiniioi \‘tlll'llllt'
was I‘ll‘t‘lt‘tl l'it-sitlt-Iit ttI lllt‘ .Illilltii

tilass.

 

Wall's Solis

Around the Corner
from the Dorms

Open Daily
Mon-Thurs. lla.m.ll30p.m.
Fri. SSaI. Ila.m.-l:30a.m.

Sun. 4:00p.m.-—llp.m.

27f Ontario Street

 

 

 

comma...

(Author of "Rally Round the Flag, Boys!"
and "Barefoot Boy With Cheek".)

   

ECONOMICS CAN BE CHUCKLES

Many of yoti have been avoiding economics because it is so
widely known as “the dismal science." Oh, good friends, stop
t-lieiltiiig yourselves of many it laugh and cheer, because eco-
Holmes is it positive riot! True, it is called the dismal science,
but that is only because it. was invented in lfiSl by Walter (7
I)istniil.

It is easy to understand why Mr. Dismul's discovery of
economics is today almost forgotten, for the fact is that he
himself only stayed with the subject for twri or three days.
After that he took up cmbonpoiiit, which means fatness. It is
said that at his apogee, .\Ir. llisinal reached I200 pounds. This
later became known :is (lily Fawkes Day.

It was not, until 1770 when Adam Smith published his ll'cti/fh
of Nations (or ()ZI/IIIIIIIIIIIIS, as it is usually known as) that the
world clinic to realize what a rosy, twinkly, fun subject eco-
nomics is. As Mr. Smith slitiwi-d iii lris jocliliir little treatise,
there is nothing complicated about cconoiitics.

     

it

    

l u
’1 . . l
“(fits later from trim astfr hoisted Portage

When their is :i great tlt'llh'llltl fora product, :i great supply
is pluccd on the market. When Ilicrc is it small dcniiintl, there
is it .sniiill supply. 'I‘iikc, for example, ciistiint-ts. You walk ilito
:iny average American town today and I'll wiigcr you won't see
more than eighty or nincty czistiint-t shops. That is because the

 

tlciniintl is stun/I.

l“or Marlboro ('igiii'cttcs, on Ilit‘ otlicr hand. the demand is
[/I‘tllf. 'I‘Iilis. you will “fill .\Iiirlboi'o.s with all their yummy
rich tobacco flavor and pure white Sclcclriitc filter and pliiililc
.sol'l prick and inipliiiblc It'lip—Top box iii any counter wlicrc
cigiircttcs :il't‘ .sold in cvcry one of our fifty gi‘cril States and-
Ilultitli.

'l‘o Adam Smith, I say, belongs the distinction of poptiliii'izing
economics. Mr. Smith was followed by David Ricardo. In fact,
cvti‘ywlit-i'c he went lie was followed by David Ricardo. Mr.
Smith finally got so annoyed that he strnnnoncd a hobby, :is
l'il‘itlsli policcmcii :trc t‘tillf‘tl, and bad Mr. lficiii‘do arrested.
'I‘liis liitcr lit't'lllllt' known as the Louisiana l’tirclmsc.

l'poii liis l'I'lt‘ilSt' from giiol, as it Iti‘ltisli jail is called, Mr.
lficnrdo rt-portcd to his prirolc tilliccr, 'I‘lioinns ltobcrt .\I:iltliti.s.
'I‘licy Mitill lict-iimc fast friends, and onc night tt\'t‘l‘ fl game of
wliist tlicy invented the stock I'Xt‘llftlitft‘, or cliutncy, us it is
called I“ I‘lllllltllltl,

\\'cll sir, wrtli llic liritisli having, you might .sriy, ii corner on
ttt'oiitttiiit's, llic l"I‘l'l|(‘l| (ll‘t'ltlt’tl llltll lllt'_\' \\‘:liitctl sonic f't’tl-
iioinics too, Itcing, ltoivcvcr, :i proud nation, llicy rcl'nst-d
simply to borrow llritisli economics, but insisted on Ili\'t'lill||;.[
lhcir tl\\ll. At first flit-y tried using lllt‘ ti'nfllt- lioirnd US :i medium
of exchange. \Vlit-ii tliis proved lt'.s.s tliaii satisfactory, tlicy
~\\itt'lit'tl lti lltllillltlf'. llist'tilil‘ugt-tl by this .‘f‘f‘tlllll tlisiipptiilit—
tiicnt, they finally .s'bi'uggt-d niid siiid, "Illi, who cares about
t'l‘ttlitllll|(‘> anyhow '."' .‘iIIll returned to llll‘ gtiilloliiic :ind Maurici-
(‘lit'vnlit-i'.

.\int-rrc:t, I run plcriscd to report, liiid inut-li lit-Itcrsricct-ss \vitli
economics. tlur curly iiici'clirtiits quickly lil'tllit‘ down economics
into its l\\ti iiithil' ciitcgorii-s coins and folding money and
today, it.\ a result of lhcir \vistloiii, \\‘t' ciiii all enjoy the :iutoiiiiitic
to“ station.

We“ sit, I could go on and on about this liist'iiuililig subject,
biil I know you're all in it boring hurry to rush out illltl sign
up for Iii-on I. So I \\III lt'.'l\l' you now \\|lll tuo kindly words

III l:ii't-\\cll; lii't'sltiiiii's l.:i\\. . IIIIH Miix Hliiiiuuui

Ilc, flic Iiitlli‘crii of Mar/horn ('imii'cffcii. arc tobacco/tints,
no! cco/ioniiiifti. lfiil this much “‘0 know about Mimi)!” and
demand: you demand fiiff llucor' in u Iiflcr cigarette; we
HHHIII” if .Tltu‘ffmro.’

 

   
    

PINE HILLS CLEANERS
340 Western Avenue
CLEANING and EXPERT
TAILORING
We call and Deliver
W 2-3134

BLUE NOTE SHOP
FOLK GUITARS

$29.50 to $49.50
l56 Central Avenue

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
    
 

Attention SENIOR and GRADUATE MEN Students
wuo Mun 50M! FINANCIAL HELP m olou to comm: mm
roucniou niis YEWIAMINCE won.

Apply to STEVENS BROS. FOUNDATION, INC.

A Non-Prom Edusollonal 'dn. 610 INDIGO" IlDO., ST. PAUL I, MINN.

UNDERGRADS, CUP AND SAVE#

 

