 
 

  
  
   
  
 
 
  
  
  

 
  

 
   

     
   
       
   
      
     
   
  
  
   
 
    
 
   
   
 
 
  

  
  

   

JIM LANCE AND JIM Perkins
Pod scrimmage this woolr.

 
   

 

The lyIIo line on Sports
bv Herold Lynne

The past few months have been relatively success-
ful ones for State’s athletic teams. For the second
consecutive year the cross-country team was unde-
feated in dual meet competition. The soccer team,
although only compiling a 4—5-1 record, came through
with several outstanding performances, such as the
11-1 rout of Utica. Several individuals on the fresh
cross-country and frosh soccer teams exhibited var-
sity potential.

 

  

up...“

  

new so

It’s that time of the year again: the swish of the

net and the staccato of dribbling are sure signs 'that‘
the basketball season isiless than two weeks away.
State opens its season the road against Montclair
State on December 1. We sought Dr. Richard Sauers,
varsity basketball coach, for the pre-season scoopl

Now entering his elev-
Jenth year at State, “Doc’s”
teams have compileda 144-
,72 record. His squads are
‘noted for their tight, ag-
gressive and poised play.
, 'The Feds will have 0nd of the
most experienced teams in the
area. No fewer than seven seniors
will return. Two juniors and three
.sophomores complete the roster.

, 'The starting unit will consist of

five seniors; Bob Zen and Ray
Weeks at the guard slots, Dick
Crossett and Danny Zeh at the.
forwards and Jim O’Donovan in
the pivot. Bob Hart and Marty Epp-
her will back up Zeh and Weeks.

Sauers noted that with so many
seniors playing, he must work some
_:of the younger players into the'
lineup. Also, Weeks will only be
eligible for the first thirteen games.
This loss might provide an opening
for last year's fresh standout, Mike
Bloom. Team depth is insured by
the presencegof Jim Constantino,
Jim Lange, Jim Perkins and War-
ren Manniigm .

The teams biggest problem to
date has been to find courtstoprac-
ties: on. Since Page gym is being,

Team Captains Piclg‘
‘Pygmy’ All-Stars
_ Dominating the ISO-pound Amm

league with an undefeated record,
APA placed eight men on the ‘IPyg-

 

renovated and the Armory is not.
always available, the squad has
worked out at various grammar
and high schools in the area. The
coach commented that the team
had been able'to maintain its spirit,
in spite of this inconvenience.

Crone". Loads Ollonu

Sauers feels the team’s fort'e will
be fine shooting and a strong bench.
Dick Crossett will again be the hub
of the offense. Perhaps the finest
player in the area, Crossett can
expect to be double-teamed often.
The rebounding chores rest with
Jim O’Donovan and Danny Zeh.
Weeks and Bob Zeli will beexpected
to set upthe big men and put the
clamps on the other teams’ fast
break.

0n the other hand in pro-season
workouts, the defense has been weak. ,
Sauers moaned that at times the
team rebounded "like the Andrews
sisters.” “Doc” doesn’t feel that
team speed is exceptional, butlii
the re-bounders get the ball, the
team will look for the- fast break.

 

 

 

 

 

  
     
    
  
  
 
            

 

    
   

 

 

       

   
    
 
 

       

We have enjoyed commenting on these and other
' " All-S .
aspects of athletics here at State. There has been :lryst timethire  hicks: 0
much criticism of ASP sports coverage. most of “gill-Slgl‘teﬁm- _._--
which was well deserved. This is our last sports made $335.23.“... militarism s as
column; we are moving up to the position of Man- on
aging Editor. 3 '" “'
. . E d -
Ray McCloat' Will be taking over as Sports Editor. n s lélnEdeJeiﬁﬁimaisi
He has the ability and desire to be far superior to Flanker- Don Mason (APA)
his predecessor. With the recent addition of two 09”” ' LEM" P°r'“°“d° (“PM
capable sports reporters we expect to see a con- Guards Km: ($13388)
sidzrably limproved sports page in the near future. Quarterback — ‘
e wou d like to thank those people who have ven mule L°“g“°t (Elms)
us valuable assistance. To Photograhy Editor Dgoiug Blocmg BBCRS _ "°‘”‘°(,‘,V,‘i,°,§:§e’  “
‘ \ Upham and his staff we owe much appreciation for John Milnemmmais) RAY WEEKS SHOOTS over the outstretched arm at defender
the countless hours the devoted to the hobo ra - Detanu °""'M°"""‘-
Y P E ph -
*lzng. developing. and printing of pictures. To Ellen Ends—gill'lchorgaﬁfaﬁlt ) - '9'
_ cm 31' son [‘11 5
       Bill’s
. arry Fox A i l
Linebackers -- Dave She‘d]; s(APA) 1‘3? :5, g ,1)
We leave you with the hope that you will actively wgﬁmﬁgtﬁﬁgms, EN!“ 2 4 °  
suppor State’s athletic teams in the ensuing months. Safeti — .1 h 01 KB mm” 1 4 1
I 95 B‘;,,“,,,§§f‘gg,£,,’ 143 Western Ave.
22  Assorted
Sandwiches
Shop at R '
. 0
dl   RATEs‘iI’aI'IIIu." dingo-:3» Pg)”; Irma-n72” ‘llurl'thu :ilmotlﬁl y.
Economical  d . Sli‘luyr.':lr'lcor It: .l" grr'icu  .‘g, (Spun; R: .m A no .i r.‘ rlcu tin l I’ rlrn e 1.. run ‘
outsmdmgW",Ifogigggefhggggvggglggogg{lgggggflgm :.:...u'....*:.u.. spun. ...‘...h...ini  ' itinT’ltit‘lti. :iiiz."’:it.un. tritium EXQEFSIOR HOUSE
{goal collsetge bookstore and the National Association of ' 0” scenic Slum” Lake
0 age ores. use magazines have been 5 eciall -~.-- ' "" " “T "h R k
assemblfedtln thte hgpe lthat one or more of thgm wilyl Lona" E dig?" on and! 0:: 502‘ gilt" ‘1
proveo in ms an va ue oyou. "" ‘~ i P  BUDDY RANDELL
 g, and the
% m   I: KNICKERBOCKERS
.ilullﬂ." ‘ “writer. air-mu." llrmuur H ohm-run tutti.“ amour." Jam Stuion Sunday 3—?
do" 'rﬂl'lm tugurlilr‘lnggfw din-Hr: rim RI .l r. rim drvuvjhn "I'tc'JLlil‘", '."."'.'."l... I -
etchings. 3°“va than rhinitis... rhinitis. i'i-"tim‘i’i-‘i iiiiitiizhu. "I‘M"pillagiifdhgmd"'
Proo/ 0/ Me reqru'ncd
"not. no um mm...”  
in. I II in! .
lo .I nutter  lynprlul In. lyric"
mm u....'!l.".:.'i.iioo rm’f.’ ill-Ti?» mm “mm    SKI
INSTRUCTOR
t Mm in . “rook-erd positions available for
u to unmet high school boys
' f and girls. Prior hum ti -
ﬁTA TE UNI l ERSI TY BOOKSTORE ,,,,,,,3 .02, TM  c.
I , pen“ I. ac ot iril lliti .
. y   A  Ext.  pit. or Coilt. n . u n
V r m” , “(em v8, A an Y amuse mums sin caour .
 ' In?“ grimy.  ’ ' ° monum- rials-lam...
  ,   u labele- Irving (N.Y.) 7-H”
,. . i ‘_ , __q,.......,,,- .,

  
  

   

  
   

 

     
       

 

  

 

 

 

 
   

 

 

 

 

 Ftliirt'ﬂninb‘érzo‘.iru

 

 

ting Tom

 

"Doc" Souors

In scrimages, the Feds have de-
feated Union and Hartwick. The sub-
stitutes in particular came through
with top notch performances and
were able to pick up the slack when
the starters faltered.

Sauers said that as yet he does
not. have a definite sixth man. He
probably would use Eppner against
a press and Mannlz against the
zone. Jim Lange would be the first
reserve in the forecourt.

Finally, sauers felt that it would 0

be to State's advantage to play the
first home game against arch rival

Siena. “We have the experience and
[our seniors have not beaten Siena
in six games. There is plenty of
incentive and we want this game
badly."

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

     

 
  
   

l

  

  

   
     

   
 

l,

    
   
     
   

 

 

{' In on exclusive interview to the ASP and WSUA last

- F idoy, civil rights leader Bayard Rustin discussed
:' ' uea ranging from' the ultimate goal of the Negro‘
; movement to the failure of the F.3d. to give adequate

protection to the Negro in the South.

F.5d. Protection Inadequate
Rustin expressed the opinion that the F.B.l. has
been lax in its protection of the constitutional rights
of the Southern Negro. "I think that the F.B.l..pro-
tection in the South has been most inadequate. The

     
 
 
  
 
  
   

3

He commented on the race riots this summer,
praised the Supreme Court for maintainingthe balance
* between justice and order, and advised the University
Freedom Council as to what direction it should"take.

in discussing the ultimate‘goal of the Negro move-
{ ment, Rustin said, "The Negro will never besatisfied
, n this country until he has all rights guaranteed by
j the Constitution. That means, therefore, that he must
’ be able to buy a home and live where he wants.

“He wants t9 be able to send his children to decent
and integrated. schools of quality. He wants to be able
I 0 vote,‘ but, in addition to all of this, he wants to
‘ have a job, for there is no freedom unless one has
” work."

  

University

  

  

sible for Mr.

FIB . has not apprehended crimimlo; thirty-ioven -,.
churches have been bombed '
have they brought anyone toybook.
‘ “This we say is inadequate and that if it is imposr
Hoover , at the age of seventy, to have
the energy and insight to figure out how this is to be
done, then a younger man should take his place.l
think that this is a very trying responsibility and]
think we need someone more vigorous in the job.

Wants Hoover Replaced

Rustin declined to comment on whether or not he
felt that J. Edgar Hoover had tried to utilize the full
powers of the F.B.l. to investigate crimes against
Negroes in the South. "1 cannot say whether Mr.
Hoover has tried because this would be very unfair
for me. i cannot say to what degree he has tried.
There is an objective point at which I simply have
to say that job has not been done, and someone else

ought now to come and try it," Rustin said.

’ ALBANY a. NEW YORK

 

FACULTY AND STUDENTS voile time out let lunch during the

Government Workshop. A “loud-back" session followed the lunch
hour.

[fusion Glee Mays Marimba,
Offers Redeﬁned Work Concept

Bayard Rustin, speaking before ‘horrible.” Rustin stated, but added

students and faculty in Page llall
' last Friday, said he had come "to
erase a series of cobwebs” about
‘the so-called Civil Rights Revolu-
tion.

Rustin said that the Negro does
not seek special rights and privi-
leges, but that "he will not be
stopped from sharing in all the ln-
stitutious- of American life. There
is nothing revolutionary about that."

"When Negroes move they move
the whole society," said llustln, for
many institutions have been built
from the very.beglnning oflhe coun-
try on the bases of slavery and
wound-class citizenship."

Ile sees the present movement as
"a movement to remove the con-
tradictions of society from those
who are mistreated." One of these
contrudlctlons is the fact that de-
spite the desegregation orders of
the courts since 1054, there are
today even more Negroes unem-
ployed and in slums and segregated
schools than there were before.

ollnod

The problem now, he continued,
is that machines have tbrowu so
many men out of work, and “Ne.
green and poor whites will never
be put back to work until work is
redefined."

Rustin explained his redefinition
5) work as "work which the gov-'
eminent provides for useful serv-
ice to 'soclely. if it is the work of
students toadvance themselves, they
should be paid for it."

- "simply to give people money is

 

 

  
 
 

that there must be “a stretching of
the imaginations of the American
people to see that new methods must
be employed to provide everyone
with work." _

Rustin spoke last about the Negro
tactic of non-violent resistance.

"We are the chosen people,” he said
“in a world where men would use
bombs and chemical warfare for
their freedom, we are chosen to
non-

redeem the nation through
“violence.”

  

When asked to evaluate the ffects of the race riots
this summer, Rustin commented, "Riotlng is seldom
conducive to a creative solution to anything. l do
think, however, if one can't talk of negative benefits
of that kind of behavior, it did bring anumber of‘

 

 Press

..4»

NOVEMBER 24. 1964

Dean Neil Brown began
the Student Government
Reorganization Workshop.

'held on Saturday, Novem-
‘ber 21 in Brubacher Hall,

with a speech both review—
ing basic government con-
cepts already agreed upon,
and outlining principles to
be reached at Saturday’s

sessions.,

Introduced by Art Johnston, Stu-
dent Association President, Dean
Brown spoke on the modern day unl-
versily student, his activities in re-
lation to school and career, and the
role of student government in those
activities.

The concept of a Student Gov-
ermnenl per se was questioned as
being too limited in scope. Dean
Brown stressed the need for "dia-
logue" among the various campus
groups, including faculty, students,
and administration.

Conference Summary
A summary of the April. Con-
ference by President Collins was
relayed to the delegates. It in-
cluded the ideas of the university
existing as a community with re-
ciprocal membership, mutually in-
terdependent, its memjiers purtlcl-
putting in many varied groups at
chosen points throughout the day.

Dean Brown proposed several
recommendations to be considered
in the formation of the new govern-
ment operation. Among these was
the exploitation of dialogue. small

STUDENTS GIVE FULL attention to Bayard Rustin during his
speech of the invitation oi the University Freedom Council.

Friday ottornoon.

and only in one our

peop‘ lo to no

‘ nomic ,-' that“
no hope in the
children do.

   

parents are not

_.,

“You will note

the floor and scream
a tantrum. I think many of the young Negroes who
rioth this summer were in a tantrum. They were

 
   

j " a 9m  .

youngpoople do not have work IN
society, than they rather  I
often not a child‘ who raisin:

giving it attention will lie dawn can
throw. books; he is having

saying, 'we want society to see that we need work.

again.’

We must be given hope. We must be given affection

Negative Ben-tits

"Now to the degree that people saw this, then I can
say that there was negative result that might be
interpreted as being creative."

Rustin was asked what he thought woethe first
step in alleviating this unemployment problem. lie
replied. “The first thing that should be done is that
the city, the-state, and the federal government
should combine to create some kind of public works
that will put these people back to work again."

(confirmed on page 3)

 

 

in February '66?

Will It or
Won't It

 

 

 

 

group cohesiveness, elimination as
far as possible of a class structure,
and the developing of responsibility
in the student to run the new struc-
ture.

Organizations from all phases of
university life were represented at
the Workshop. These were divided
into small groups after the pattern
set up since the last conference.

Commission Organization
Basically, the plan for the new
government calls for organization
by Council to Commission, to Board,
and finally to a Committee level.
All tlils will he presided OVer by a
joint Student Personnel Council.

Representation will be by group
rather than the present class dis-
tliiction. Commission areas have
been broken down into Academic
Affairs, Communications,Commun-
ity Planning, Living Area Affairs,
and Religious Affairs.

The Judicial aspect oithe govern-
ment is not yet wholly devised, but
will be vested in acomnilttee having
review over the actions of the five
commissions. '

Reading the groups, and leading
the discussions by the delegates
-were Academic Affairs, Kathy
Brown; Communications, Maureen
Glasheen; Coordination of Student
Association, Nancy Bauniunn; Living
Area Affairs, Joanne Sobik; Relig-
ious Affairs, Linda Etheridge.

Community Area:
'Discussiun groups ln Community
Programming were divlded into four
areas. These were Arts, Al Smith;
Recreation. Blll Bate; Activities,
Al Bauer; and Social Concerns, Mar—
ilynn Brown.

ASP Board Selects
Three Now Editors

Harold Lynne was elected as Man-
aging Editor and Deborah Friedman
was elected Feature Editor of the
“Albany Student Press“ in Newa-
board Elections last Tuesday. Both
positions had been Vacant since
September.

Ray McCloat, a freshman, was
elected Sports Editor.

Both Lynne and Miss Friedman
have served on the paper since
their freshman year.

The “Albany Student Press" will
suspend publication during the
Thanksgiving vacation period. Pub-
lication will resume withth Friday,
December 4 issue. The deadline for
any material for the Friday issue
ieuondoy, November 80.

von L NO. as,

Workshop Revises Government
To Create Commission System

The objectives of the Workshop
included familiarizing the partici-
pants with the background and emer-
ging principles ofanew government,
obtaining the reactions of the dele-
gates tu the concepts devolved from
last April’s conference, determin-
ing the scope and purposes of the
Commissions, and, finally,attempt-
ing to draft a new constitution.

Further Discussion
At the conclusion of the session,
however, the need for further dis-
cussion on all aspects of a final
and concrete structure was recog-
nized. Another Workshop meeting
was set for Saturday, December 5.
independent discussion on the part
of the individual commissiongroups
was encouraged before the next

Reorganization Conference.

2

Deal N." 3...... '
.. .Conioronco Speaker

literature Authority
Discusses iiizgerdi

Professor F. J. Homo-an of the
University of California at River-
side will be the featured speaker
of the English Evening program to
be held tonight at ti p.m. in Bru-
baclier Lower Lounge.

Professor Hoffman, an authority
on the literature of the twenties,
will speak on F. Scott Fitzgerald,
author of "The Great Gatsby" and
“Tender is the Night."

A coffee hour will follow the,
program.

The program has been planned;
by the English Evening Committee
for 1964-65. The committee includes.
Sophomores, Juniors, and'ﬂeniorlu

Chairman of the committee is Dr.
David nodding. Also from the lug...
llan Department are Mr. John illit-
nor. Mr. Harry Page, and Dr. Joan
Schultz. .

    

   
  
 
      
   

   
      
     
   
     
      
 

   
     

       

     
   

    
    
  
    
 

 

 

 

   
        
   

 
 

 

    
           
      
        
 
 
  

