 

 

 

 _ _ V ,butweare'etill
by _. the ‘, lack _. of depth in student ' activities.
available to meet every student's needs

yet nearly'every organisation on cam-
from a' lack of working members. Many
groups do not even have enough members on paper

he
 I ctivlties are
and interests,
’ pue’suffers

tov‘keep the group going.

‘ 1 Miraculously, most of the organizations have been
able to continue and to turn out ’useful services for
thefylsch‘ool as a whole. but even these services, such
as speakers and Concerts are often not taken advan-

tage of. ’

~ There are, 3800 students, attending this University.
Yet only a small minority are making an active con-
tribution to the university life. Activities and the‘
' services they provide are as vital to the university
as are the studies which most students use as an
excuse to keep from joining an organization.

We had hoped that the abolition of Rivalry would
serve to get freshmen into activities faster. It has
not done so. If anything, proportionately less freshmen

are participating this year than before.

Perhaps the freshmen really are as awed by the
prospect of college level studies as they say they are.
but a look at the records will show that participation
in an activity does not automatically lower — or

raise — a grade point average.

'Each person must determine for himself how much
study time he needs and how much he can spend on
activities, but he is stupid to make the decision with-

out first trying both.

We. are sure that most students will admit that
much of the time they say they need to study is
wasted. We ask only that they put this time to good

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

,

 

LAW

 

 

 

WHY SHOIJ

Student Evaluates Kennedy's
Record on Campaign issues

fo the Editors:

The question of Robert F. Kennedy
representing the State of New York
in the United States Senate is one
that is presently being hotly de-
b'ated on this editorial page. Let
us restrict ourselves to facts, not
opinion, but facts - the man’s own
utterances and the Constitution of
the United States.

use, both for themselves and for the school.

no thing the editors of the ASP an
Carillon learned in Chicago last week
was that this newspaper and the year-
book will never have a real shot atbeing
All-American publications until a school
of communications is established here.

Except for the classes in Chicago,
no editOr on either publication has ever
received a minute of formalized training.
Such training is nearly indispensable to
the publication of a semi-weekly news-
paper.

Within five years, the pressures and
needs within the University will dictate
that the ASP turn daily. Without a firm
background, such an undertaking would
be impossible, or even worse, badly
botched.

We are in this University to learn:
the University could help us and itself
by establishing a school of communi-
cations.

Communications today playadynamic,

Sgllool of Communicating:

ever-expanding role in shaping the
America of the ’60’s. They are a vital
component in any well-rounded liberal
arts program.

Good schools of communications are
rare in this country. There is need for
one in this section of the country at a
state-supported institution. A good
school would add to the University’s
prestige and serve as an attraction to
many worthwhile students. who other-
wise might go elsewhere.

As of yet, there are still no definite
plans to include communications cur-
riculum on the new campus. We call
upon the administration to consider the
value such a school would have.

We, as does the radio station and
other publications on this campus, need
the help of talented faculty members who
have been trained to the problems of
the communications media if we are to
sucoessfully meet the future. We ask
for such help now.

Albany Student Prose

II‘I'AILIIHID HAY IOU.
IV TNI cuss 0' IDI.

 

The Albany Student Press is o semi-weakly newspaper published by the student body ol the State University at New York
at Albany. The ASP may be reached by dialing either 439-6481 or iv 7-3326. The ASP ollics, located in Room 5 of Bru-
bocher Hall, is open lrom 7 to H p.m. Sunday through Thursdoy night. "

EDITH S. HARDY - KAREN E. KEEFER
CooEdliors-in-Chlel

EARL G. SCHRElBER
Arts Editor

DEBORAH l. FRIEDMAN
Associate Editor

WlLLIAM H, COLCAN
Executive Editor

JOHN M. HUNTER
Advertising Manager

HAROLD L. LVNNE
Sports: Editor

CYNTHIA A. GOODMAN
Associate Feature Editor

RONALD ‘W. HAMILTON
snior Editor

JUDITH M. CONGER
lechnicol Supervisor

EILEEN L. MANNING
Associate Editor

DOUGLAS G. UPHAM
Photography Editor

DIANE MAREK
Business Manager

CARREN A. ORSINI
Circulation Exchange Editor

5U5AN J. THOMSON
Public Relations Direclor

Roy McCloul

 

Assistant Sports Editor”... 

Kori Domar- in

 

 

Assistant Advertising Editor...

 

 

Assistant Editor

Joseph St lvsrmon

 

De sli Editor
lhpcrters........

Columnists“...
Photographers
Corvaonrst.......

.. Laura Avin, Fred Nelson, Mike Farenell Linda Handelsman, Sherr
Maureen McDermotr, A
..Poul Jansen, Robert Judd, Kathy Brophy, David Chllds, Toni Mister, M. Gilbert Willloml

Ill_n Zang
Cutler, Denise Clark
lice Nudelmon, Mlckl M: oughsy, Paulan Fllosl
annls urc Joseph Mohoy, Steven Kling, Robert McOdars

 William Sinnllcld

All caumrunlcorrons rmrsl be addressed to who lidllur and must brr slgrred, Names will be withheld on request. The Alaany
Student Press assumes no resporrer-riiry (or opule ospresscd in Ms columns or communications, or such expressions

do not necessarily reflect vrs wow.

.0 l participate in any student octivi
study, drink, watch the Giants lose...

I COMMUNICATIONS

Let us first examine the con-

stitutionality of his candidacy.
There is no doubt but that Robert
F. Kennedy is 30 years 01“ and
an inhabitant of New York State-
These are the only stated quali-
fications in the Constitution - thus
Mr. Kel .edy fulfills the letter of
the law.
. But let us examine the SP1m 0‘
the Constitution. Article I, 560'
tion 3. paragraph 1 - “The Senate
of the United States shall be com-
posed of two Senators from each
state; chosen by the legislature
thereof for six years . . . ”

No longer does legislature choose
the senators from that state. it
is however obvious that ‘the found-
ing fathers intended the Senators
to represent their home states. It
goes without saying that the legis-
lature of the State of New York
would not choose a democrat let
alone a democrat from Massachu-
setts.

Now, let us discuss Robert F.
Kennedy’s campaign. I heard Mr.
Kennedy speak both in my home-
town of Endicott and here in A1-
bany. He is running, not on his
personal qualifications, not on his
past political experience, not on
his merits, but rather on the record
of the Kennedy-Johnson adminis-
tration. He does not directly come
to grips with his opponent and chal-
lenge him on the issues; instead he
campaigns for the Democratic Na-
tional Ticket against the Republican
National ticket.

He makes such statements as:
“I'm for Lyndon Johnson and against
Barry Goldwater. l’m the only
candidate for the Senate from New
York who can say that." Let me
point out that Senator Kenneth Keat-
ing can not make this statement
since he is a Republican, but let me
also point out that Senator Keatlng
is not supportingSenator Goldwater.

He also says: "I am for medi-
care, 1 am,for civil rights." Let
me point out that Senator Keatlng
voted for both those measures. It
seems than that Mr. Kennedy is
campaigning not as Mr. Robert F.
Kennedy but as an agent of the
Democratic National ticket.

This would be permissible ifSen-
ator Keatlng were running as an
agent of the Republican National
Ticket. However, he is not. He
is running as Kenneth Keating;
Robert Kennedy on otho other hand
is running not as Robert Kennedy
but us John Kennedy.

James Economldes

Foreign Students Receive
Restrained Forum Welcome

To the Editorsi

This year there are fifty-five
foreign students on campus from
all parts of tile world. They have
come from countries to which must
of us have never been but would
someday like to visit. Having such
a large and outstanding group of
students with varied cultural back-
grounds shuuld be one of the most
inspiring aspects of an expanding
university.

Judging by the upptil‘lutlltles pro-
vided to meet these foreign stu-
rtents and to learn about their coun-
tries, their welcome has beeunotlc-
ably roatl'nlned. At Forum’s liocep—
tion for Foreign Students last week
it was (linillusiol'l'lng to observe how
few shutouts ware interested in
utilizing the wealth of knowledge
offered by our foreign visitors.

ties? I've got other things

to do...lilte go home,

1

The few who were there found the
experience enjoyable and informa—
tive.

How many students right now are
thinking about spending a summer
or junior year abroad? Before‘
going, why not make use of the
sources of information that are
available right here?

Marilyn Brown
President Forum
olltics

Editors of ASP Congratulated
For Recognizing Bright Talent

To the Editors:

We congratulate the editors of
the Albany Student Press for recog—
nizing the brightest talent to write
for the student newspaper for as
long as we can remember.

Charmineg presented in a con»
test of tasteful humor, Tim At-
well’s column, "Huckleberry Road,”
consistently has a fresh comment
to make on the contemporary stu-
dent scene.

We only wlsh that Tim had more“ .

time to spend writing for the news-
paper so that he could once again do
“Rock Wallaby Hunt".

Jus Fisher

Poul Rubechlns
Austin Clarke
Jeanette Lobocuf

Sudent Finis Attack on 'Playiog’
Philosophy Unfavorany Critical

To the Edltors:

If Tim Atwell meant Harmon Al-
llson to represent the “rural intel-
lectuai,” his "Playboy" satire
‘(Huckleberry Road, 10/16)was fair-
ly good. If, on the other hand, At—
well’s poison darts were aimed at
it playboy“
the “Playboy” philosophy, they mis—
sad the target quite badly.

Atwell not only grossly misrepre-
sents a highly scholarly and sock»
logically significant series of es—
says, but he bitterly abuses a crertu
written to aid his generation ill its
blind groping for a system of val—
ues, thereby perverting the purpose
(if the entire "Philosophy."

The “Playboy Philosophy" is it
dissertation on the past and present
intellectual, philosophical, and then-
logical climates. With lucldily and
cogency, Hugh Hefner paints his
picture of our society with its his-
torlcul background. it is all eflllur—
inl opinion which 'is not designed in
gather a following of "llnrmuu Al-
lisons," or any other iypeof“lllnll."

Hefner's purpose is Ill take a
lung-overdue honest lflllk at a society
that ls greatly ill need of some
rational individualism illl(l logical
changes.

If Atwell had read "Playboy"
from cover to cover, he would have
been able to ask someone to explain
the "Philosophy" to him, llﬂll he not
let his thinking become a secondary
to his emotions. l doubt if he will
over admit a feeling of envy, even
if his opinion reeks oftilo muchpro—
testing.

it is u shame that an edltm-ully
'subel' newspaper has allowed ilillll -
[tale of questionable truth (and taste)
10 “Niel”. Someone should have
known better, All Aiwell dirt was to
reiterate the fact that there is no
such thing as self—evident il‘lllll.tls—
pccially when it is Ulllnvui'nllly t'l‘lll‘
cal, to someone with all ll'l‘ullnuill
nature, who chooses not to rice it.

A Friend lrum Columbia

5!

magazine, specifically,, .

= ‘ AS P ..

atures

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

11 -Th

it Aroundis,

City 'Machine’ Faces

New Reform Drives

by Cynthia Goodman

“Albany is a Democratic oasis in

heartland. ’ ’

a Republican

These are the words Governor Rocke-

feller used to describe the city around us. For Jim
Martin, Albany businessman and Republican candi-
date for the New York State Senate seat from Albany
County, this phrase has special meaning. He is trying
this year to end a 43 year-old Democratic adminis-

tration.

Albany politics is not
very different from that of
any other large New York
State .metropolis. Here,
too, one Party has managed
to take contra] of the city
and county machinery and
almost eradicate the two-
party system.

The fact that the political power
structure in the city is almost
completely Democratic, has been
a sore point with the Republican-
domlnated suburbs.

The Republican Party had large—
ly faded into the background in the
face of overwhelming Democratic
superiority.

In some cases, particularly in
the election ofjustices, the candidate
was endorsed by both parties and ran
without opposition.

"Ward-heelers” were Democrats
who lived in the ward and knew
the people intimately. These men
would give the struggling'wldowtllat
little extra she needed to tide her
over the hard times, the energetic
supporter a “reward” for his ser-
vices, the distraught father a job
for “sonny” on the construction
crew.

The basic weakness of the city
Republican Party is that there was
no such direct contact with the
voter in the ward.

An attempt has been made to im-
prove the situation by Ray Skeuse,
who has reorganized his own 13th
ward.

No Co-operotion

When asked why NYS Republican
officials, so near at band, do not
take active part in re—building a
two-party system in Albany, local
Republican leaders might give a
two—fold answer.

COMMITTEEMAN GEORGE HARDE

bitterly opposing.

election by Horder's workers, to give the impression that Harder had

First, men like Rockefeller do
not need the support of the County
since the Senateis Republican-dom-
hinted.

Second, since Governor Dewey
tried to break up Albany county
purchasing practices, there has been
a resentment against State inter-
ference.

CURE, the Citizens United Reform
Effort, was created in 1961 (nnrtly
through the efforts of Jim Martin)
to strengthen the entire Party struc-

 

Hucklallerry Road

 

 

by Tim Atwell

Don't look now, but tomorrow night is coming.
Yes, Halloween is near upon us once again. And how
many of you out there know the true meaning of liai-
loween? Very few I'll bet, so beforei tell you how
to enjoy yourselves this weekend, a few words about
how the whole business get started.

Halloween gets its name from the great man whom
millions of children emulate each and every October
thirty-first. Saint Hal. Saint Hal was born and raised
in Ween County, England, just west of Sherwood
Forest. One day, when Saint Hal wasjust a kid, Robin
Hood and his Merry Men robbed the feudal baron on
whose land Hal and his family lived. As Robin Hood
and his Merry Men rode by, little Hal shouted out,

“What’s with all the robbin’, Robin? I mean all the
time you go ’round Robin. How come?

And Robin replied (period)

"Rob froln the rich and give to the poor.”

The essence of that idea appealed to ital, and he
racked his brain for years and years trying to filld
a more peaceful means to the same end, that of getting
money from the wealthy and giving it to the down-
trodden.

One October thirty-first, Hal figured he had It
figured. He dressed up as n pr'est allu traveled
from one end' of England to the other, visiting all
the feudal lords and announcing,

"bands but full be Hal 0’ Wecll. ’I‘renie ye welle
the poore, lest Gotta ails goods pel‘mlvcnilll'c ye
lrockc.” (Hi,'l’ln llal from Woun County. Give gladly
to the poor, or God if) all ills goodness lllny lllllllll
you.")

Even wny buck then, people didn't want in risk llam-
nntlon, (May it never cause to nmuze us how smart
People WBI’O way buck then.) and they gave much to
Saint l'lnl. llal gained such great fnme, “till he wns
able to modify his appeal to the more ll'lt'flillff and
efficient, “Trento o ll‘UCke " (Givc or damnation.)
and this, in modern English is, of course, "Trick or
front."

During the War of the Roses, wllcll adult male
actors were scarce, young buys look in portraying
Saint Hal ill the annual York and Wakefield lllystcl'y
cycles. The girls copied the boys, and before you
knew it, the children of England were il‘lck lll‘ treat-
ing every Saint Hal u' Weon's night and makhlgn
veritable mockery of Saint Hal's (lauds, all of the
original power and life force havingr Iluon lllluloll from
the action.

This brings us up to the present. The problem now
is how toenjuy yourselves tilts Halloween. (We assume
lllnt MllN & t, where M equals gilutl happenings, It
stands for the convapl of intersection, N Bqlllllb‘ good
times, 8: equals is not equal in, ulld t Slﬂllils for the
9min)! Sci. That is to any. the intersection of grmtl
happenings and good times is not fill eluply sci.
From this we deduce tllut enjoyment of self run he
a proper and desirable goal.)

With trick or treating a very delicate, exacting,
touch and go affair for the college-age person any—
thing this slde of intrepidly flexible, there is only one
avenue open to happiness tomorrow night. You’ll
just have to carve a pumpkin.

A pumpkin a yearl
And Santa’s reindeert
And American heart
And a plug for each earl
— Old Conservative Yell

Pumpkin carving began (this brings us intothe past)
ill Eire as a symbolic destroying of the Northern
Irish. The pumpkin carving custom traveled across
the wide Atlantic via the good ship lrisll Rover and
was practiced for a tlllle ill the darker regions of the
Lower East Side, where all of the original power and
life force were subsequently diluted from the cere—
monies.

The lack of second—generation interest lll pumpkin
carving upset old Michael “Spleell o' the Green"
O'Malley, and he determined to have one evening of
the year set aside for the express purpose of per-
petuating the great pumpkin carving tradition.

“Pick a day,” said somebody. (No one has ever
been able to determine who it was.)

"October thirty-first," said Michael.

Alld wo it was.

This brings us up to the present. There are three
things you ought to know before you can (in :1 really
good carve job on any given pumpkin: snltl pumpkin,
a knife sharpened to the proper kecmless, and a
place to work.

flow in buy a pumpkin: Find a pumpkin hf accep-
table size. Squeeze it. If it feels ukuy, buy it.

How to sharpen knife to proper keellneas: All you
can really do is sit on tile sloop and keep n shat-p
eye out for n mublle grinder. Chances of seeing one
lll't‘ slim, and it may be probable that he won't know
whnt the proper kcellness is, but that’s all loan
tell you.

Where to work: There aren‘t tun many places left
where n good group can just get together and don
good ohl-lnshloncll carve Jilli on u pumpkin.

lll Hilfllfltlil. you need to know how in curve your
pumpkin. The best way to curve a pumpkin is one
person at a lime, espel'lillly ll, by plan or by chance,
evol'yuue's knife is Sllfll‘imllwl tn the pl'upcl'keenness.

A few more suggestions. Sluro everything with an
essence of Its own must have u mllna, therefore must
you appellate your pumpkln. (Stu Salomoninfm'msme
(but one liullowecn, lung, lung ago, a giant apple ate
a plllllpklll, but tllllf'l-i another Still‘)’. The following
is a list of suggested Illllllilﬁ fur ynul'plnupklm Cl'Olll-
wull, Atitilll‘llllllljllll, It'll.)

Suva lhosu pulnpkiu sports; a fine necklace can be
constructed of just seventeen pulllpkln seeds - if you
know how. Also, take precautions against your pump-
klll's falling out of the window.

Godspeed, and may you become a joyful exponent
of llilllillly in holiday living.

FRIDAY. OCTOBER 30. 1964

ture and curb the apathy that hin-
dered real progress.

However, the big man behind Al-
bany politics is O’Connell, called
Uncle Dan. The lrishman reputedly
has held power throughout the 43
year period.

The O’Connell image is particu-
larly hard to dlspell. Most people
regard him as a benefactor and re-
fuse to accept the background painted
by his opposition, a background that
includes organized gambling, pros-
titution and beer.

The common reaction is to blame
everything on the other officials of
the Party.

Citizens Try Reform

While Jim Martin and CURE at-
tack the Democratic Party from
without, local attorney George Hard-
er is trying the more difficult task of
reforming the Party from within.

When asked why he doesn't just
pull out of the Party and run in-
dependently, Harder answers:

"You can't clean house if you
move out."

With the backing of a relatively
small group of reform Democrats,
Harder himself ran unsuccessfully
in 1062 and 1964 primary elections
for Democratic Assemblyman
against Frank Cox.

The ’02 race was the first really
contested primary in almost 42
years. Despite the nature of the
duel, the turnout iurthe primary was
not as good as the Harder group had
hoped. Harder claims that voters
had been urged to collie or stay home
depending on whether or not they
would go along. with the "right
man,"

After two defeats and little chance
of victory ill the near future,Harder
seems far from ready to quit. He
explains the contest as one between
"men who stand for ideals, and
man who desire money.“

The recent primary campaign
levied charges of misappropriation

James Martin
Republ Icon Candidate

R (left) shakes hands with Daniel O'Connell, whom he has been
The picture was used in a campaign leaflet, circulated the night betare‘o primary

the backing of O'Connell.

of funds at the present Democratic
city administration. Cnmpaignleaf-
lets designed by the Harder group
quoted up to $28,000.00 paid in ex-
cess of normal prices on items
purchased by the county.

The reform group, while it failed
to get Harder in as Assemblyman,
did succeed in winning 3 of 8 com-
mittee seats they disputed.

Harder, as a committeeman, is
free to speak in opposition to the
alleged corruption. He supports
the South Mall project, initially
opposed by Mayor Corning.

The project, an urban renewal
program in a heavily Democratic
area, was opposed by Corningonthe
grounds that a large number of
Democratic voters would be dis-
placed. When injunctions and court
action failed to deter the Mall ad-
vocates, Corning reversed his orig-
inal position and supported the pro-
gram.

One-Mon, One Vote

The city of Albany, under the
present distribution of votes in the
County Board of Supervisors, con.
trols the decisions of the Board
despite the fact that population is
shifting to the outlying communi-
ties.

One proposal made by the Re-
publican Party is the one-man,
one-vote advocated by Martin, in
which the Supervisors will he elec-
ted on a population basis. Either
one supervisor will represent, for
example, 2500 people or another
weighted one yote.

The entire problem is one facet
of the State-wide struggle for re-
apportionment.

Why Pay Taxes?

incidentally, nun—residents will be
delighted to learn that Albany, as of
now, has no legal means ofenforcipg
tax collection. Last, however, there
be a flood of new families, award of
warning. Only two public high
Schools, Albany High and Philip
Schuyler. are available for their
children. Only 2 new schools have
been erected by the city since World
War ll for part of the appeal of tin
administration has been low taxes.

"All that Is Necessary
For Evil to Much
is for and Map

to Russia Sllut”

EDMUND nun . H

 

 

