{AA A

‘Llfeé goes not backward nor tarries'with'yesterday—Kahlil Gibran
TO THE- “HOLIER THAN THOUS”
We appreciated the publicity, not the anility of the remarks.
.' LL  STALKS THE WILD GINGER MAN
We tend to agree with poet Dangerfiled of “suppression” fame, but
'wonder if such gauche expression has its place ina so-called “in-
tellectual medium.”
’ "PEOPLE," PRESENTED WELL
Congratulations to Bill Laundry and Anne Digneyon their professionally
presented and well received “All-University Reception." Hats off es-
pecially to Pat Fasano, for recuperating in time from a bout with
pneumonia -- "for the show must go on" -- and Dr. Sktdmore, un-
doubtedly the coolest musician at State.
PLANNING AHEAD
Congratulations to the sisters of Beta Zeta on their foresight -
laving six empty seats in last year’s pledge class was smart think-
ing girls.rToo bad none of the “big six" will be filling them.
SENATUS POPULUSQUE ALBANY STATUS
Rumor has it that MYSKANIA will no longer be a rest institution for
the "overworked and well deserving." Could that be coincidental with
the lack of a quorum at Senate last week?
HELPl OR ROOM 5CALLING. . . .

When the ASP advertised Friday, Oct. 9 for people to work on lay-out,
paste-up, and technical work, they weren't kidding — and that abortive
issued showed it.

FOR THE GOOD OF THE PARTY

Are R. A. stag parties for fun or for the acceptance of dogma and its
propagation?

sandstones PRESS
,_ in} pipeline

your ,

tie" not. for

I" vitally“ «we, mt

Aged Holds Key To -

candidates’ Differences on Security

by Cynthia Goodman I

“We're the kids ,who agree to be
Social without Security” quote Chad
Mitchell Trio’s "'Barry’s Boys".
While the lyric is an accurate re-
flection of the Johnson accusations,
it is not a reflection ofthe Senator’s
views.

The campaign booklet: “Gold-
water Speaks Out” quotes the Sena-
tor as saying:

“Nor is the publicinterest served
by those who label every . . . pro-
posal to correct . . . the Social
Security system as an attack on its
basic principles."

On March 16, 1962 the Senator
told a TV audience:

“I do not think Social Security
should be repealed . . . I would
like to see us correct it.”

Medicare is Key Word

What, then. is the difference be-
tween the stands of both candidates?
The key seems to be medical care
for the aged. The Democratic
plank proposes to add a compulsory
medical plan to.existing Social Se-
curity.

The Republicans, oil the other
hand, feel that Social Security was
planned to "supplement voluntary
programs” and as such, sliouitl
not include those already covered
by existing programs. In general,

 

 

??7 OF THE WEEK

Will there be a leak after the next replacement election? And does a

drip always accompany a leak?

Invectiveiy yours,

Art Ferrari and Gary Spieimann

Hulcltlelierryltotid

 

the plank suggests:

“. . . tax credits and other means
of assistance to . . . meet the costs
of medical insurance; full coverage
of medical . . . costs. . . financed
by general revenues through . . .
federal-state plans.“

vybiie on the subject of security.

 

 

by Tim Atwell

There I was sitting in class Ill the English Annex,
when this girl Trudy comes in late and sits down in
her seat next to me and says, “I’m sorry — sorry I'm
late, Tim, but I had to park my bike in a new place
because there was the World's Biggest Bug whercl
always park my hike and I was scared so I find to fintl
a new place and that’s wliy l'lll late and I’m sorry -
sorry I'm late, Tim.”

Softly stroking her fevered brow, l whispered into
her blood-crusted pierced ear, "Ease your troubled
mind, child," and sat back, satisfied in the knowledge
that a kind imperative is exactly the right antidote
for feminine alarum. But waltl That’s not the end
of my story.

A few minutes later I received a note from Trudy
which read, “Wanna see my bug?” How could I resist
such an open invitation? How could anybody resist?
Do you think you could resist? [don't think you could.
So, after class, I went outside and got a real close-up
type look at Trudy's bug, whereupon I commented,
“that’s not a bug, that's a hat.“

Do you hear me, brother? I say there was this but
hanging on the wall outside the English Annex. A bat
in the middle of Albany! The situation called for quick
action. I remembered an old U. S. Navy war cry:

When in trouble, when in doubt,

Run in circles, scream and shout.
But I wasn‘t in trouble; tiic hat was (asleep) (hiber-
hating). Nor was I in doubt; my liberal education-
suburban background tohl me what i had to do. i find
to get to a phone and call the Central Annex anti get
a hold of somebody in bio, that‘s what fluid to do.

So I grabbed an English Annex phone and explained
the situation to this woman at the Central Annex.
(I'll bet that‘s the first time the word "woman" has
appeared in an Albany State newspaper to forty years.
I hope it doesn’t scarc or oiiond anybody. I also ran-
ilze that this Central Annex Woman - there it is agninl
- is the second foinalocbnrnctor involved iiitliis story.
Do not feel iiiicomi'ortabio. Later on i shall introduce
a male type character to woo things up. lpromiso.)

“Look, mysterious Central Anncx wottitiii," (How
are you holding up?) i said, “I've got something over
born at the English Annex that youniightbo interested
in. It's a bail”

What was her reaction to this voriinhlo bomb oi a
statement? She laughodt And than she said, "Hold
on a minute. l‘ll sec if anybody wants it." How
naive can you get? A but ill the middle of the big
city, anti all she duos is say, “Hold on it mlnnto. I’ll
seo if anybody wants it." Obviously sho was incapable
oi comprehending the trim horror of a vicious, rabid
creature roaming around tho big town.

She came back to tho phonc.

"Mr. Simoltna would iikt: tho but."

“Consider it Mr. Slitiolioh's,“ I said.

Not even her own mention of the word "but" could
drive home tho reality oi tho situation. lbegan to
wonder, “isn't than: anybody loft who‘s willing toloso
notnrol at the slightest provm-otion? What’s the world
coming to?“ Thon l roamnod that since she was

working at tho Control Anom, who must also be one
of those ltusso-(kirtnan st iooti-n Upon (likoSlinoiinn,
and you know how they nic. 'l‘lityy’it: iill Ibo nullie ~

cool, calculating, uneinotiotial. That’s one tiilng you
can count on, buy - illl scientists are the same. It’s
just like with the Negroes. Anyway, Itold tier exactly
where the hat was, and she wroteltall down. The plot
thickened, and the tension mounted. Istammered a
feeble goodbye and walked down the hall to my next
class.

Fifty minutes later, I darted, feebly, out of the
English Annex and found that the but was still there.
I began to get very worried. Itliougiit, “Maybe Mr.
Simolina thinks it’s just some kind of bad joke. May-
be he didn’t take me seriously." But that didn’t
make sense. Scientists don't have any sense of
humor. They can't tell a good joke from a bad one.

"f‘liey take “everything” seriously. Everybody knows

that. If there’s one thing you can really count on,
it's that scientists never smile. You know how the
Negroes are always laughlngand dancing in the streots'!
Well, did you ever see a Russo-German scientist
laughing mid dancing ill the streets? Tinit proves
something. Anyway, I had to leave for my next class,
so I couldn't wait around to sec if Mr. Siiitoliiia was
going to finish the job.

I passed a sleepless night.

Next day, after classes. i went down to the English
Annex. The hat was gone. Great day in theI niornln'l
God may or may not be in heaven, biit all’s right with
tho worldl Surely ii major catastrophe had been pro-
vented. Off i want to Control Annox,just to lot every-
body know that I was the one who turned tho but in.
Walking up Central, l envisioned sundry nowspnpor
headlines - -

The Daily News:

COLLEGE KID l-‘OILS lNVASION OI"
BODY-SNATCllEltb‘l
The New York Titties:
SUNYA SCHOLAlt El"i"l‘1C’l‘S PUS’I‘PONlﬂMlSN’l‘
Oi" ARMAGI‘JIJIJON

’l‘hc ASP;

ALliANlAN APA'l‘liY i)lSPl£Li.l«.‘i)
UNIVERSITY “AS NEW lMl’itOVEl) lMAGls
PitliSllﬂ-IN'I‘ COLLINS l-JXl’ltICSSl'JS DESIRE

TO SllAKIv'. liANl) or A’l‘WElili.

SIMOLINA (,‘i'f‘lttlJ AS AIDE.

When I got to Coiitrttl Annex. I was iilroctcd to
Mr. Simoiinn mid I asked ltliii if Ito lliitl gono ovor
nhd captured the but.

“No. i

'-l thought yoti were going to go over and got it,"
I so i .

“Well, when I first board nliout it front tho snort--
tnry, i got the impression tltitt it was cornorod iii—
sido the building. in which cnso i'd have taken a not
and gone over right nwiiy. lint whou shit come back
and told "to it was on the wait outside the building,
well, there was no reason to capturu it."

"'I‘hoy'ro not dangerous or anything?"

“No, they're portoctly lutrttiloss, iiti'nss yoncornor
them."

"i mean, isn’t it rare to son thotn III the middle of
a city?"

“No. thorn are more of thoin around than you'd
think."

“Oh. Not dangerous, huh?“

"Harmless."

l was h'llitlltii‘iitl.

passing notice might be given to
the discussion of law and order
that received such wide coverage

The Irrelevant "Issue"

Basically, the issue is irrele-
vant in the election since (I) juris-
diction in most cases belongs to
communities and states and is not
subject to presidential control. (2)
Federal judiciary is not subject to
the president except for the re-
placement of retired or deceased
judges. (3) bothpartieshaveoffered
the same blase programs so general
as to be completely meaningless.

Labor-management, however, is
a relationship open to controversy
and revision. As usual, the Demo-
crats have come out with a plank
advocating the repeal of the Taft—
Hartley Act provision allowing (in
effect) the state right-to—worklaws.

As usual, the Republicans have
taken the opposite stand.

Goldwater, in his book “Consci-
ence of a Conservative," states that
the “functions” of a union become
“perverted the moment a union
claims the right to represent those
who do not want representation..”

He later criticized what he termed
the administration’s “intervention”
in labor-managément disputes
through the direct “intrusion” of
the president, the Labor Department
or the National Labor Relations
Board.

lie did however make allowances
for those strikes in which the na-
tional health or safety tnlglit be
imperiled.

The Honorable Man
The Republican platform further

Moral Issue...

for their bettertnent.

In vastly larger numbers now
visions, hopes, and responsibilities
were kindled. In varying degrees
many Southern whites were brought
to face in themselves the moral
issues Involved. The eventual con—
sequences of the laying ofsuchi'ouii-
dutions can be enormous.

Now for the analogy. During the
past couple of weeks the film iii the
Delaware Theatre has been “The
Organizer." This film is concerned
with amoral dctnentla which blighted
the lives of many of our parents
and many more of our grandparents
and great grandparents and others
before them: the inhuman exploita-
tion of workers by industrial and
business owners and tnnnageiiicnt
throughout (at least) the 10th and
more than a third of the present
ct-nlui‘y.

Some of my tiiost vivid memories
as a child llvliig in ii textile inill
town in Georgia in the thirties is
seeing relatives and ticlghborscom-
log home with gushed skulls and
bloody and bruised faces given them
by the “goon” squads hired by
factory owners to prove iothom that
their efforts to do something about
miserable working conditions, ti tit)-
80 hour work week, and a bare sub-
sistence wage, wore “reckless”
and "iii-conceived.”

l i'oiiiombor wall tile cold and
the hunger that came to whole ('tllll-
munitios caught up in desperate of-
foris to hold firm for some small
piltnncos of increases lti lllllliilll
rights.

'l‘liose worn "holy wurs"- in the
moral sonsc - which had to be
fought ovor niitl over again by com-
mliiiiiios throughout ititicii of tho
so—t-nllcd civilized world. li‘innlly,
lll llio pitsi generation, they were
proity much won.

The “saints” [it those wnrs -
though few Would have thought of
calling tlioiii that than, or ovon
now — were most often the union
orgiuiizorn: man frotn “outside”
oi’ton, who were willing to risk their
lives uiid suffer with tho continuo—
lilos they worked with to help them
got orgniiizod nod to stand firm.

Oftou llio organizers were ill-
propurud to do the job they felt us
it matter of oonscionco called upon
to do, but than no one better quali-
fiod had come forth.

Anti thoy sticcootlndt tliay gnvotho
nocossiiry encouragement and
strength through organization for
the people to bo steulod to endure
tho Hidfet'li‘lgii which sti'ninodlnitnuii

courage and endurance to their

throws doubt on the "hanorable in-
tentions” of the NLRB by sugges-
ting that it be reorganized “to
assure impartial protection of the
rlglits of the pubiic,employers,end—
ing the definance of congress by the
present board.”

The Johnson campaigners, in the
past few weeks, have gleefully quo-
ted, (or "misquoted" as Goldwater
would be prompt to point out) the
Republican challenger.'s statement
to the effect that he would “sell”
the TVA.

Goldwater does advocate disposal
of those TVA functions which do not
have existing counterparts in the
national government. He has sug-
gested that all TVA activities which
can be handled by some branch ofthe
resource programs be re—cliatinel-
ed. (For exainpie, soil conservation,
forestry, etc.)

Others, should be sold to state
governments or the localities iii-
volved. and then to private industries.

The ultimate result would be to end
all federal interests in the Tennesee
Valley Authority. As the Senator
points out, American tax money is
being used for a basically regional
investment.

The Misquoted Quotes

This issue, as well as that of
social security, reflects the dis-
turbing element of this election:
the tendency of candidates to en-
courage misinterpretation.

It is a trend encouraged at) one
and by vagueness and poor wortl
choice and on the other by “poll—
tiking” of the least commendable
type.

limits. There is ground to think
it doubtful the victory would have
been won by the time of this gett-
el‘ililOll if it had not been for those
organizers.

Life'tiiiies of Socio-‘nculltilillt: de-
privations rob peoples of capabili-
ties of doing for themselves things
which under less grinding conditions
they would come to be able to (lo
ottt of their own resources.

(A not irrelcvent note: For smite
years now, about 80".. of academic
honors at Oxford University have
been attained by students from iii-
(lllel‘lill and small business work-
ing class families.)

The parallels between the battles
of past generations of workers for
human rights and the battles being
waged in this generation for the
rights of Negroes are, Ibelleve,
obvious. They are even more
striking when we focus on the plight
of the Southern Negro.

Of course, there are important
differences - and among them causes
for a cautious optimism: changes
conic faster today, and both tech-
nological and social revolutions have
served for the most part to strength-
en the forces working Ior groiitor
human rlglits for ovoryone.

Societies, I guess, will niwnys
how; their moral loot-lies - the
individuals who everyday enjoy hit-
lllilll rights won for them by the
courage and suffering of others but
who when faced with the challenge
to human rights in tlioir own gonor-
ullon rationalize about its‘inot being
their business" and sity olltorthlngs
which suggest that they have yet to
be uwnkoncd to the troubling Joy of
it deep moral awareness.

of course, as l have already in-
dicntod, it Would not be fair to say
that one is either a supporter of the
Mississippi Project or n moi'ul
lootth; there is :i very real third
alternative, itnd ltakc it tho wrltotts)
of thcl editorial which initintodtheso
cotnnionts buso tboir Sliillll on this:
there too bonost differences on tho
fitcitinl question of whether this
Hpociflo program of action IH if
just and oft'octivo moans to the moral
goal.

I have sought in those comments
to give some reasons and evidence
for thinking it hits bocn.whiclilliopo
those whodii‘i‘o‘l' will waiin carefully.

I would also like to recommend
that they tako in lllill film iii the
lloluwut'c - each reflecting no he
follows the plight of the people of
Turin: “Perhaps thoro, bttt for the
organizers, go i."

William V. Grime-

 

 

 

a Commentary

sow-w...“ , M

 

 

 

by Kathy Brephy

"And in a great many of our colleges and univer-
sities the most stubborn enemy of high morale has
been a kind of hopelessness on the part of botlt ad-
ministration and faculty-hopelessness about ever
achieving distinction as an institution."

Something like this hopelessness existed at Al-
bany. Students in the past have suffered froth a
tendency to apologize for attending the State Uni-
versity. ‘It was not widely acknowledged that State
was a fine, or even a good, college.

This atmosphere is changing. Within myexperience
there have been many students who are proud of the
resources of the school. It is possible to soziallze
one's way through certain programs, but it is in-
creasingly recognized that the teachers anti facilities
necessary for education are here. It seems that the
students are more interested in exploiting their op-
portunities.

Thinking About Change

Perhaps, the attitude of the students, like every-
thing else on campus, is in transition. That change is
surely a good thing and one which invites some thought.
The book from which the introductory quotation was
taken provides a frame of reference and a strong
recommendation for people thinking about change.

In “Excellence,” John Gardner begins from the
importance of an educated population in the demo-
cratic society. The lengthy introduction, an exposi-
tion of the characteristics of a democratic state,
seems painfully obvious, and it is not utitil one con-
siders the implications of coiifiicting assumptions
that one sees the dimension of the problem.

Equal and Excellent?

The conflict is focused iii the subtitle of the book:
can we be equal and excellent too? The semantic
antithesis is resolved in a few words - excellence
is‘ an individual achievement, and the vital equality
is that of opportunity. But the sociological implica-
tions are less easily dispelled and especially rele-
vant to education.

- 'Excellent‘e’

Attempts to reform society must reckon with the
increased emphasis on a college education, the
prestige factors in vacations, and the mores of
mediocrity that infect this present society.

Gardner recommends an the practical level that
programs of higher education be further diversified
to provide challenge for all levels and types of
ability, that opportunities other than college be more
investigated by guidance counselors, and that chil-
dren from impoverished environments be given spec-
ial training.

All of the recommendations are a function of his
basic theory. Rooted in concern for the democratic
society and in the democratic ideal of individual
fulfillment is the concept of excellence.

Thus, in Gardner’s thought, the motto “Lei each
become all . . . " means exactly let each become the
Ivery best, the most thoroughly realized person that
is can.

Rostote to Relnterpret

This concept seems so simple, in fact the whole
book seems simple, anti this is its vlrtile. The
clear, uncomplicated prose carries the point-to-
poiiit logic of the argument. While at first it seems
that Gardner is merely restnting sociological cliches,
it is later apparent that he restates in order to re-
interpret.

He does not dwell on Doing—Your-Best to recall
grade school tlays, but to press for a public moral—
ity that will increase the possibilities for our future.
At a time when the expansion of the university
forces us to be thoroughly responsible for what we
take away with its, Gardner’s ideas are worth con-
siderntion.

N ox! “km/r:
litr/t/gmcnt, .Illt’ 7'5 at t/it' illovics, .‘iR'IS on xlrt
return as regular features.

 

artifacts...

EMLYHN IYILLIAMS A5 CHARLES DICKENS appears tonight in

Page a .
Through October

ThrougleNovcmbor l5— Ntnoioanih Annual Albany Artists Group Exhi-

October “7—24

October 23

October 23 8- 24

October 27 8- '28
October 27

October 28

Vinyl block and wood cuts by the Tray artist, Grace
Bentley, Petite Gallery, 204 Lark Si.

bition, ond Paintings and collages by Jul... 1‘.

Marion. Albany Institute at History and All.
I25 Wm‘tingion Avenue. Tucstluy thtu Sat.
'0 onto-M45 p.ni., Sunday 2—(1 p.m.

ItiIr/i til l/ti' I'm]: in] tho slum, by William Inge,
produced by Schenectady Civic Players. 8:30
p.ni., I2 5. Church, Schenectady. Tickets: $2.20
and “.80. Phone tesatvaiions: DI 6-995l

It'mfyli Ililliii/m ll\ (Inn/rs ,Ifi'Iit'NA. 8:30 p.nt.
Page Hall. Ticket-.1 student tux, available now

in SU Thequ Box Olltce, R279.

Iltiny [It'llfltllill‘l 8:30 p.nt., RPI FIUICIIIDUSQ.
Tickotsi $4.50 to $1.00, available at Van Cutie:
Music Shop, Albany.

It'in/iomun, produced by Slingutlonds Community
Players. 8 p.tn., Bothlohoni Control School. Tickets:
Ill, available at Mistletoe Bookshop.

‘I. I‘. Now, 7:30 p.in., R?9l, no cliulgu.

\Iii-yloi-li, II. (“724), IFG. liustur Konton's lineal
lecture in which he becomes involvuil in doydtuunts
and detectives. 7i30 p.nt., 0349, no charge.

Alissa Politic .l/ori't'lli (Polestrina), lliaxo IIri-oi‘s
(KodUIy), presented by Capitol Hill Cliarnl Soctcty,
8i00 p.tn., Cathedral of the immaculate Conception,
Eagle and Madison Sir. Tickets “.25 (students),
available at Van Cut'let Music Shop.

Gardner 0n
ExceHence

“The best kept secret in America
Iotlay is that people would rather
work ,hard for something they be-
lieve in than enjoy a pampered
idleness.”

"WIlfll we must reach for is it
conception of perpetual self—discov-
cry, perpetual reshaping to realize
ono's host sell, to he the person one
could be."

“What they (students) must roc-
ognlze is that ibei't- are many kinds
of further learning outside the for-
mal high school and college pro-
lgrunts. ’l‘ht- Int-t than they have not
succeeded Ill hiin school snuply
means that they must continue their
learning Ill other kinds oi sittin-
lions."

Ithaca College Dramatic Production

To Appear Saturday in Page Hall

LADY PRECIOUS STREAM a mo
Hailing, Is the first Guest Artist Production of Dramatic: Coun-
cil and will be presented tomorrow night in Page Hall. Admission
is $1.50 at Student Tait. Tickets are aVailabIe in the State Uni-
versity Theatre Boxettlco, R279.

a  ‘

VIRGIN CROWNED BY Two Angels is another of the prints by
Albrecht Durer, l6th c‘entury German Renaissance artist. It is
part of the exhibit in the Draper Gallery.

The Division of Humanities of the State University of New York at
Albany presents Lectures and Exhibits on the theme of the'lienals-
sauce:

George Boos
Emeritus Professor of Johns Hopkins University
Cross Currents of the Italian Renaissance
October 26, 8:30 p.m.. Page llall

Robert Conant
Curator of the collection of musical lnstriicmeiits at Yale University
.4 rccilol out] lcctnrc on tho music of tho Ifonuisxont‘t'
October 29. 8:30 p.in., Page Hall

J. H. Randall, Jr.
Professor of Philosophy at Columbia University
'I'lic Ililcllccluol Ucut'lopmnnl of Ilic It’clttiisxtint‘t'
November 2, 8:30 p.m., Page llail

Clifford Leech
Professor of English at the University of Toronto
SIio/tcspcarc: Eli'srilicihtin not! Jacobi-on
Novetiiber (3, 1:30 p.m., Page llall

Barnard Cohen
Professor of the History of Science at Harvard University
Strictth Ill flu,- Ii't'nrti'ssonrr-
November 0, 8:30 p.m.. Page llall

Colin Eislor
Professor of Art at the Institute of i-‘ino Arts, New York University
.Ili't'licltmgclo not! l/ic North
November 13. 1:30 p.m.. Page Ililll

(in tlic t‘\’L‘lllllgS of November it through H, the University Theatre
will present a production of Christopher Marlowe's l)tlt'ltil' l‘hllb‘lilh‘.
Clll'llllll ill 8:30 in the CathedralofAilSiiiiits. Admission by Student Tax.

The Draper Gallery will display in collection of Durer prints from
Ot'tolioi‘ 17111 Novoiiibei' ii.

The library will Ienttire an C\liilili of ltcnnissimro hooks to be shown in
the foyer of Draper llall irom October 20 to November 13. The selec-
tions are from the rare book collcrtions of the New York State Library
and the State University Library.

 

detn Chinese Romance by S. l.

 

 

 

 

