 

 

 

 

 

 

by Claudia 

VSe n State students, including this wri- '

“three ychaperonejs, spent one week

vacation canvassing Raleigh,

ina‘ in a drive register Negro

 students, Sharon Chesler ’64,

pan ’20, “GiiyéMcBride ’65, Bazyl

 V. ,"67, Richard‘l-Iageman ’20, and

Marge, obman '65, and: 'chaperones, Dr.

and “Mrs. Daniel DeSole, and, Rev. Frank

Snow,;were in Raleigh from March 28 to
April 14.

The immediate purpose of the project was
to register voters, with the underlying aim
that we might one day apply this knowledge
to organizing similar projects in the North.
We thought the project to be more than a
success, as we managed to register nearly
300 new voters during our stay.

' The project was carried on by the National
Student YWCA in several Southern cities. In
Raleigh we worked with the Raleigh Citizens’
Association (RCA) and the National Associa-
tion for the Advancement of Colored People
(NAACP) which are both civil rights groups.

In Raleigh the Student Non-violent Co-
ordinating Committee (SNCC), the group
which has had the most experience in direct
action, organized the project.

Drinlting fountains, aion with a great many other public facilities, are segre-

gated in Raleigh, North aroiina.

i

The actual registration of prospective

:. veters was a relatively'simple process for

 reasons. One, yin Raleigh.there"are

gt‘loating registrars who are allowed to go
' into peoples’ homes to swear them in,

Whereas in most cities, voters have to go

tothe registrars.
The people were also extremely recep-

tive to the idea of voting, especially the,

younger groups. The only real apathy we
encountered toward the project was in the
registrars themselves, who Were reluctant
to come out and register voters.

The student volunteers performed three
different functions: working in the SNCC
office compiling lists of citizens who weren’t
registered; block canvassing to encourage
Negroes to vote; and working with the
registrars in actual registration.

That work was done in the afternoon and
early evening. In the mornings we were
lectured by various people in Raleigh ac-
tive in government and the Civil Rights
movement. One of these people was John
Baily, campaign manager of I. B. Lake,
the segrationist candidate for governor.

Progressive City
While in Raleigh we learned a great deal
about the political structure of the city.
Raleigh is an extremely progressive city

Raleigh.

as far as Negro leadership is concerned.
Negroes serve on the Common Council and
School Board. '

It is also expected that‘a Negro will be
elected as one of the‘county commissioners.
This would even be unusual for a Northern
city. ,

However, many restaurants and allb0wl-
ing alleys are still segregated. Students
are assigned to schools by color, not by
district. Many of the streets in Negro
neighborhoods are unpaved and poorly
lighted '— some have no streetlights at all.

In North Carolina, the only politiealparty
of any consequence is the Democratic Party;
consequently the real elections occur in the
May primaries..

Middle Class

Raleigh has an unusually large Negro
middle class. They have formed the RCA,
the NAACP and are members of the Mayor’s
Bi-racial Committee. None of these groups
has been able to alleviate open segregation
in the city.

A few members control the first two
groups and participate in the third. The
bulk of the Negro population is led by these
men who in turn form policy, and negotiate
with the white power structure.

(continued on page 7)

These segregated drinking facilities lie in front at the City Courthouse in

Summary Civil Rights legislation Before Congress

SUMMARY OF THE CIVIL RIGHTS BILL PASSED BY THE HOUSE OF RE PRESENTA’l‘IV ES

FEBRUARY 10, 1964

Title I «- Voting Rights:

Strengthens Civil Rights Acts of 1957 and 1960 to protect voting rights in Federal

Title Vi -- Non-discrimination in Federally Assisted Programs:
Prohiblts tiie'exclusion of persons because of race, color, or national origin from
particrpatlon in programs receiving Federal financial aid. Funds may he curtailed

for failure to cornpiy. Affected are construction programs, agriculture, Vocational

elections by prohibiting the use of literacy tests as means of discrimination. 'l‘ests

must be in writing and standardized. A sixth grade education would be presumption
of literacy. The Attorney General is empowered to initiate suits in cases of violation
of voting rights, and to assure a speedytrlal for plaintiffs and defendants he may ask

a three judge court to hear the cases.

Title ll - Discrimination in Places of Public Accommodation:
Proiilbits racial discrimination in public lodgings (except owner-occupied homes
renting no more than five rooms), restaurants, places of public amusement, and
gas stations (if they serve interstate travelers or sell goods moved in interstate
commerce.) Service establishments such as barber shops are excluded, unless in
buildings covered by the act. Private clubs are exempted. The plaintiff or Attorney

training, Welfare. Action subject to court review.

Title Vii - Equal Employment Opportunity:
Makes it unlawful for an employer to refuse to hire, to discharge or to illlill the
employment status of an employee because of race, color, national origin, sex, or
religion. Makes it unlawful for 2i labor union to exclude, to expel, or to segregate

members because of race, color, religion, or national origin. Employmnnl agen—
cies are also prohibited from discrimination.

General may bring suit for an injunction to require compliance.

Title lll - Discrimination in Public Facilities:

Prohibits racial discrimination in publicly owned facilities such as parks, play-
etc. Empowers Attorney General to initiate court action to

grounds, libraries,
desegregate such facilities, upon complaint,

Title lV .- Discriminotion in Public Education:

Authorizes Attorney General to file suit, upon complaint, to descgregate school
Permits Federal Funds to localities to aid desegregation. Requires

facilities.

' Applies to organizations and businesses with 100 or more members at the end of
first year, '75 after the second, 50 the third year, and finally 25 the fourth your.

Creates a iii-partisan, 5
appointed by the President to carry out thistitie.
and to file for injunctions.

member Equal Employment Opportunity Culllllllhh'liul
Empowered to study, to t'trllr'lilllit',

Title‘Vili - Registration and Voting Statistics:
blnpowers thl Rights Commission to direct the Census Bureau to sanoy vote: a

tion.

by l‘lii't) in designated geographic areas to determine effects of possible discrimina-

Title )IX —‘Appealls on Grounds of Civil Rights:
IOl'lllliS defendant in criminal actions to appeal beyond the Federal District ('oni'l

U. 8. Commissioner of Education to take census to ascertain denial of equal edu—

caiional opportunities because of race, color, religion, or national origin, this to
The House specified that "Desegregution" does not
extend to transporting students to different school districts to end racial initmiuncc,

be reported to the President.

Title V .- Civil Rights Commissioni

i-izrends the lite oi the CUliilllthltill an additional four years. l’r’oliibits it from in-
quiring inio fliell'illtil‘idllll and operation of private fraternal, civic, and religious

g r oops.

to have his trial changed from a state to' ‘
I . a Feder ' n' » ' 1‘
rights may be denied in state trial. a! court u he wmemh ms t H

Titio X - Community Relations Service:

l-Jstnhlishes (.‘oininunity iteluliori' ‘ ' ' '
I . . s Set Vice Wliillll th ) - ' ‘ “ ' ‘ '
aid ittf'iti rominiiiiiiies to reach a lepanment m LUWHUH U

V‘Iillliiiﬂ'y settlement of racial disputes. Noteli~

l’orcernent power is granted. Records required to be secret

Title XI ~ Miscellaneous: ,
Authorizes appropriation of funds to

implement the act. Preserves the when, of

the remainder of the act if any part is found invalid.

O D 

 

by Cynthia Goodman

While their classmates spent spring vacation bath-
ing on the sunny sands of Daytona Beach, seven State
students and their advisers canvassed Negro neigh-
borhoods in Raleigh, North Carolina in search of
prospective voters. When- the Staters had finished
a week’s Work, 300 Negroes had registered for the
first time.

The group from Albany joined forces in Raleigh
with teams from Oberlin, Beaver and Union Colleges
and Cornell University. Similar teams were dispatched
to five Southern cities.

While in North Carolina (and during their travels in
Southern areas), the students stayed in Negro hotels
and ate in Negro restaurants. Said Mrs. Gloria De
Sole, Assistant Professor of English at State:

‘ ‘They wouldn’t let us into some hotels because we
were an integrated group. Believe me, when you’re
hungry and on the road and can’t stop because one
of your group is Negro, the whole segregation prob-
lem becomes very personal and real.”

Although the group reported some hostility from
the white community in Raleigh, their reception from
the Negro community was ‘ ‘warm and welcome.” Every
night, recalled Mrs. DeSole, the women would come
over with food for the students. On the Friday night
before their departure, the team was given a party
at the Negro country club in the city.

The organization of the Civil Rights campaign is
complex and effective. It is most easily broken down
into two organizations: the Raleigh Citizens Asso—
ciation, which is working for reform through pri-
marily legal means; and the Raleigh Student Move-
ment, which though also non-violent in nature is
more militant and is responsible for the gains made
through sit-ins and similar demonstrations.

The groups were broken down into teams of 6.
Accompanied by a “floating registrar” appointed by
the Raleigh Citizens’ Council, the groups first checked
telephone directories against registration lists and
then Visited the houses of those whose names did
not appear on both. In most cases, the r-anvassers
were welcomed, although a few Negroes were afraid
to answer their doors.

“It is very possible,” said Mrs. DeSole, “that
these people had never met whites on such an equal
footing. Some of the women had never been called
Mrs. before.” She described the Negro sector as
being one of few lights, little paving and numerous
shacks. However, she made clear, the people were
eager and often excited over the new opportunities
to vote.

She told the story of one Negro. who upon being
button-holed on a street corner by one of the can—
vassers, was so proud of his new right that he
stopped every passing car to tell his friends of the
event and encourage them to fulfill their responsi—
bilities, too.

  in Registration  

15-". segregation Very Real Problem

If the trip did nothing else, Mrs. DeSole asserted,
it succeeded in killing all stereotypes. “For many
of us, this was the first opportunity we had to meet
the Negro Community on a first-hand basis." By the
time the week was over, according to Mrs. DeSole,
the students had lost any ideas they might have had
about being “do-gooders.” .

“I was not," she added, “helping Negroes so much
as myself and those I love. When our country is de-
prived of the active participation of any group, it
becomes that much poorer."

Throughout the day (regristrations were done in
the evening only), the students were addressed by
Civil Rights Leaders from North Carolina. Among
those who participated were the League of Women
Voters and the Young Democratic League. Al Lowan-
stein, Assistant Professor at North Carolina State
analyzed the education situation in the South has being
Igrim.’l

The professor of history and political science told
the group that Negro schools were, on the average,
very poor and getting worse. “It is unfortunate,”
he told them, “that so much time and energy has
to be expended to de—segregate a restaurant or hotel
that the average Negro probably doesn't care about
anyway."

Guy McBride recounted the interview with Assistant
State Attorney General (N.C.): “Withacondescending
air he told us that he hoped our idealistic dreams
might be realized some day.”

Two of the original group are planning to attend
a campaign directed at Mississippi this summer.

A copy of the Statue Of Liberty ironically
stands before segregated building.

Student Recounts Experiences 

(continued from page 6)

On the surface, at least, it appears as
though members of the Negro power
structure may have integrated with the
white power structure.

Since the Common Council and School
Board members are elected it large in
the city, and since the city does not con-
tain a majority of Negroes, it is indicative
of Negro strength.

Secondly, the floating registrars were
all active members of the RCA. Thirdly,
as mentioned before, these registrars
show little interest in registering Ne—
groes. And finally, both the NAACP
and the RCA have chosen to favor
Prayer and are actively campaigning
for him.

One of the major problems in Raleigh
seemed to be the non—cooperation be—

‘5:

The YWCA, which sponsored the drive. i5
a run-down, converted house.

tween various civil rights groups,name—
namely the RCA and the Raleigh Student
Movement (RSM). The RCA is by far
the most conservative group in Raleigh,
and has gained a measure of prestige in
the white community.

Discontent, especially among student
members, in the RSMisgrowingtowards
these RCA policies.

While in Raleigh we met many of the
field leaders in the civil rights move-
ment. One of these was John Love,
field secretary for SNCC, in charge of
the entire project in Raleigh. About the
most memorable thing about him was
his non-compromising attitude on civil
rights.

He is a man who is“sickofwaiting for
the majority of white people in this coun—
try to wake up.” He is typicalof the stu-
dents in the RSM, energetic, and aching
to achieve equality.

Jon White rs, the Negro Common Coun—
cilman, is quite unlike Love. Although
now in his second term of office, im—
provements in the Negro quarter have
come slowly or not at all. He represents
the faction which is interested in “mov~
ing slowly” in the field of civil rights.

Most of the people we tried to regis~
tor were from the lower classes. Any
reluctance we found seemed to be moti-
vated mainly by fear. One man told us
he once tried to register in 1940, but
had gotten into trouble with poll taxes.

For us, the hardest thing to do was to
more back from Raleigh, with so much
work yet to be done. We can only hope
that the knowledge aiirir-axperience gained
in this drive, can Deputto use some time
again in the near future.

» , m, panama“... ... w... .

Sharon Chesler, one at the members at the Voter Registration
group, begins canvass of an ail-Negro slum street.

9M

Faculty Form Committee
It Push Civil Rights

To the Editor:

Washington news sources report that a campaign to
defeat the Civil Rights Bill is heavily financed by an
agency of the Mississippi state government and by
private Southern sources. This campaigningminimizes
the question of racial equality and claims to oppose the
bill on constitutional grounds. The argument seems to
be that the Civil Rights Bill will be an infringement of
democratic rights because:

(1) it provides for government police power to con-
trol unions, business, and social groups;

(2) it prescribes for violation of the bill such punish-
ments as the removal of individual rights to veteran’s
benefits and social security;

(3) it imposes another large bureaucracy on the
taxpayer.

A reading of the bill should convince anyone that
these arguments are misrepresentations. In actual
fact, the bill prohibits arbitrary discrimination against
persons in employment and public facilities because
of race, color, or national origins. This in no way
curtails the economic function of business or labor,
and the bill specifically exempts the activities of people
which are personal or private.

Punishment for violation of the bill is limited to
injunctions and the withdrawal of Federal grants to
local governments when those governments practice
racial discrimination in projects financed by Federal

d. . .
awiqhe power to determine who is guilty of Violating

the Civil Rights Act remains where the constitution
requires — in the courts. The Justice Department,
upon complaint, may file suit. The courts decide the

meiliitg oafrtgllamcgrﬁg' of the opponents of the Civil Rights

Bill obscure its purpose. The bill is designed solely
to guarantee to Negroes the equal rights already
granted them in the U. S. Constitution. The issue,
then, is whether or not the United States is ready to
treat all its citizens as equal in fact as well as in ideal.

Because we believe most Americans are ready to do
so, we have formed an ad hoc Committee for a Citizens
Lobby to urge the members of our community to state
their support of Civil Rights in letters to the leaders
of the debate in the Senate. Civil Rights is the concern
of everyone regardless of age or position, whether he
is a registered voter or not. The Senate needs to know
the popular support of the bill.

We suggest, therefore, that students, faculty, and
staff write to our New York Senators, to the floor
manager Senator Humphrey, and to the Minority Leader
Senator Dirksen whose influence in his party maybe
decisive. The letters need not be long. Two sentences
stating support of Civil Rights and urging the Senator
to vote for the bill will be enough to register influence
in Washington.

We commend the editorial staff of the ASP for their
interest in this issue, and we are grateful for the
chance to present our position.

COMMITTEE FOR A CITIZENS LOBBY
Gloria De Sole

John Reilly

Joan Schultz

Fred. Silva

 

 

