 
      
   
    

 

n;nm’~;‘ﬁ‘r/ddﬁlw.k’1~'ﬁuvr. 4.. .. 1 < . .

 
 

   
 

   
 
  

rackoonorns
REPAIRED

3 _ or or more SHOP i..'.

 

non OPIttt '
Hem-Theft." until“, P.“

mutt msrcEJT'o‘E.
‘ 23!, Washington Ave.

   

 armMaranmrrnmss APRIL 17.11934'v‘

 Dr; John  Keynotes T. .Psychology FellooUships

 

 

; THE 640 SOUND

ON CAMPUS

 

In connection with Forum
of Politics’ observance of
Pan-American Week, Pro-
fessor John Fagg of New
York University spoke on
“Cuba — Our Pride and
Thorn.”

His speech was delivered Mon-
day afternoon in Draper 349.

Fagg began by explaining the na-

ways been interested in the annex-
ation of Cuba. From the time of major cities, they claimed they had
Jefferson onward they have histor-
ical support of this view.

Professor Fagg pointed out that
the Cubans feel that they are the
reason for the Monroe Doctrine.
They believe that the United States
did not want any strong country to
seize control of the area.

He further mentioned that to the
Cubans the question of whether the

4

trace of Pan American Week

though the Spanish still held the

won a moral victory. The Cuban
soldiers were not allOWed to par-
ticipate at the surrender ceremon-
ies. This was a wound to their pride.
He pointed out that after the
Spanish-American war, the idea of
annexing Cuba did not win popular
support among the Americans.

Cubans won their own freedom in

American Humanitarian Goals .

 

'   tional congresses for interpreting

r ‘ . history which the Cubans have held

‘ V since 1942. These congresses re-

view past historical events and pro-
vide interpretations.

Their decisions have alienated

many Cubans who would ordinarily

be friendly toward the United States.

The congress has formulated the
theory that the United States has al-

 

 

issue.

ican War.

Open Your lantliert’s Charge Account
No interest or carrying charge
CHARGE Account lDENTIFlCm

 

 

SIGNATURE

FRANCIS .1. MM)!"
Jeweler - Expert Repairing
Watches - Jewelry
239 Central Ave. Albany. NY.

CHARGE
CARD

 

AUTHORIZED BULOVA JEWELER

open evenings till 9p.tn. Saturday till 6pm.

If
I...

 

 

Visit the Union for a snack

Student Union Snack Bar

speech Monday.

 

 

He also asserted that the Cubans
believe that Cuba was already free
when the United States entered. Al-

 

Dr. John Fagg of New York University kicked all Forum of
Palitic's observance of Pan American Week with keynote

The American occupational gov.

1898 or whether the United States ernment had largely humanitarian
granted it to them is still a painful goals _ to disarm the military

The Cubans believe that the forces and to stop the crime “We
struggle should be called the Cuban- which was sweeping the counter to
spams“ wart "Of the spams“ Amer” lessen illiteracy, to stop the spread

of disease, and to provide food for
the hungry.

He declared that the Cubans were
unwilling to accept the PlattAmend-
ment in 1902 which allowed the
United States to intervene in Cuban
affairs, to have naval bases on the
island, and to make alliances with
foreign countries for Cuba.

Another reason for anti—Ameri-
canism in Cuba, Fagg explained,
was the continuance of heavy in-
vestments by Americans. The Cu
bans complained that the islantl was
becoming an economic colon) of
the United States and objected [it
the absentee landlordsltips.

Support for Batista

A coup in the 30’s brought Batista
to power. Although a dictator, lltt
received the support of Alllel'lt‘u
down through the Eisenhower ad—
ministration because he opposed
communist inﬂuences.

Hope for a democratic Cuba was
thwarted once more wltenthe Castro
regime gained control in 1958.

Fagg spoke optimistically about
future relations with Cuba. llecoui-

of Mexico and declared thatthe first
step for Americans is to see events
as the Cubans see them. Hebelietos
that, as relations with Mexico have
improved, so will relations w1th
Cuba.

 

 

CORCbBooks

ALDOUS HUXLEY: Point Counter Point. Introduction by C. P.

 

Snow. TB/ 3502 $2.45

pared the Cuban situation with tin.

 

November FRANK THISTLETHWAITE: America and the Atlantic Commu-
ROBERT C. BINKLEY: Realism and Nationalism, 1852-1871. nil)" Anglo-American A5P95‘511790'1550-
IlIus. Til/3038 $2.45 TB/1107 31-“

RanRT A. DAHL and CHARLES E. LrNDaLOM: Politics, Eco-
nomics, and Welfare: Planning and Politico-Economic
Systems resolved into Basic Social Processes.

18/3037 $2.95

CLEMENT EATON: The Growth of Southern Civilization, 1790-
1860. Illus. Til/3040 $2.45

CARLTON I. H. HAYES: A Generation of Materialism, 1871-
1900. Illus. TBI3039 $2.75

JOHN D. Hrcus: Republican Ascendancy, 19214933. lIlus.

Tit/2.041 $2.25

ROBERT H. JACKSON: The Supreme Court in the American
System of Government. TB/ 1106 5.95

IOHN F. KENNEDY: A Nation of Immigrants. Illus.

18/1113 $.95

R. KuaANsrrv and H. I. PATON, Eds: Philosophy and History:
The Ernst Caesirer Festschrift. Illus. TB/ 1115 $2.75

LEONARD W. LEVY: Freedom of Speech and Press in Early
American History: Legacy of Suppression. New Preface
by Author. 18/1109 $2.25

KINCSLEY MARTIN: French Liberal Thought in the Eighteenth
Century: A Study of Political Ideas from Bayle to Con-
darcet. Tia/1114 $1.85

BERNARD MAYO: Myths and Men: Patrick Henry, George
Washington, Thomas Jefferson. TB/llOB $.95

IoNN U. NEF: Western Civilization Since the Renaissance:
Peace, War, Industry, and the Arts. New Introduction
by Author. TB/1113 $2.45

HENRI PIRENNE: Early Democracies in the Low Countries:
Urban Society and Political Conﬂict in the Middle Ages
and the Renaissance. New Introduction by Iolm H.
Mundy. Til/1110 $1.65

HENRY OsaoaN TAYLOR: The Classical Heritage of the Mid-
dle Ages. Intro. and Bibliog. by Kenneth M. Salton.
[first published as TB/ 48, The Emergence of Christian
Culture in the West]. "TB/1H7 $1.75

Mariachi: at the Book Store or unit: llulpcr at Ron, I’u/IIIIIIL’H. llcpl. 51. 49 Ii. llrd 51.,

FERDiNAND TONNiEs: Community and Society: Gemeinschaft
und Gesellschaft. Trans. and Ed. by C. P. Loomis.
TB/1116 $1.35
G. M. TREVELYAN: England in the Age of Wycliffe, 1368-1520.
18/1112 $1.95
VESPASIANO: Renaissance Princes, Popes, and Prelales: Lives
of Illustrious Men of the XVII: Century: The Vespasiano
Memoirs. New Introduction by Myron P. Gilmore. IIlus.
TB/111152.45
January
C. AUERBACH: The Science of Genetics. Illus. TB/ 568 $1.85
RANDOLPH S. BOURNE: War and the lntellectuals: Collected
Essays, 1915-1919. Edited with an Introduction by Carl
Resek. TB/3043 $1.95
EDWARD CONZE, et al., Eds: Buddhist Texts Through the
Ages. 18/113 $1.85
THOMAS CORBISHLEY, S. I.: Roman Catholicism. New Appen—
dix by Author. TB/IIZ $.95
FRANKLIN EDcEnTON, Trans. and Ed: The Bhagavad Cita.
18/115 $1.45
PAUL FRrEDLANDER: I’lato: An Introduction. Illus,
Til/2017 $2.75
GEORGE CAMow: Biography of Physics. Illus. TB/567 $1.95
OSCAR HANOLIN, Ed: This Was America: As Recorded by
European Travelers in the 18th, 19th, and 20th Cen—
tmn-s. Illu5. ' 18/1119 $2.95
MAtttus LEE HANSEN: The Immigrant in American History.
[dried with Foruword by Arthur Mu5chlcsinger.
Til/1120 51.50
ert. llAsrtmN: The Racial Problem in Christian Perspec-
tive. New Introduction by Author. TB/116 $1.45
Aroous Huxr LY: Antic Hay tit The Cioconda Smile, Introduc—
IION by Mlll’llll Green. 113/3503 $1.95
Arouus lluxr rv: Brave New World 61 Brave New World Re—
visited. Introduction by C. 1’. Snow. TB/3501 $2.45

JOHN MISTLETOE BOOKSHOP
238 WASHINGTON AVENUE
ALBANY, NEW YORK 12210

IMMANUEL KANT: The Doctrine of Virtue: Part II of The
Metaphysic of Morals. Trans. with Intro. and Notes by
Mary I. Gregor. Foreword by H. I. Paton. TB/ 110 $1.85

SWAMr ermLANANDA, Trans. and Ed.: The Upanishads: A
One-Volume Abridgement. TB/ 114 $1.95

ARTHUR DARBY Nocx: Early Gentile Christianity and Its
Hellenistic Background. New Introduction by Author.
TB/111 $1.45

G. E. OWEN: Fundamentals of Scientific Mathematics. Dia-
grams. TB/569 $1.75

0. E. ROLVAAG: Giants in the Earth: A Saga of the Prairies.
New Introduction by Einar Haugen. TB/3504 $2.25
WALTER E. WEYL.’ The New Democracy: An Essay on Certain
Political and Economic Tendencies in the U5. New
Introduction by Charles Forcey. TB/3042 $2.35

E. 8. WHITE: One Man’s Meat. New Introduction by Walter
Blair. TB/3505 $1.85

Colophon

H
arper Books

Iunuary

CHARLES FRANKEL: The Democratic Prospect. CN/29 $1.45

IOHNCerMBERLArN: The Enterprising Americans: A Busmt‘ss
History of the United States. Illus’. CN/30 $1405

LEO ROSTEN: The Return of Hyman Kaplan: A Novel.

\ CN/31 $1.55

(.EORCE RYLANDs, Ed.: The Ages of Man: A Shakespeare

Anthology. (‘N/32 $1.95
BERNARD WALL: Italian Art, Life, and Landscape. lllus.

CN/33 $1.75

WALTER BROMBERG: The Mind of Man: A History of Psycho

analysis. Chi/34 $1.95

New York. NY. l0016. Catalogs on request

 

 

 

 

 

 

For Teaching Available

Applications for doctoral fellow-
ships and graduate assistantships
for September, 1964, are now avail-
able in the Psychology Department.
Three undergraduate assistantships
are also open for the fall semester.

One teaching doctoral fellowship
carries a stipend of $2500. The
student will carry 12-15 hours of
course and seminar work for a
minimum of 24 hours in the aca-
demic year. His duties will con-
lst of 3-4 hours per week of course
instruction.

Teaching Fellowship Duties

The other doctoral fellowship with:
a stipend of $2000 is for teaching

or research. The student may carry
the same course load as above. For
a teaching fellowship, the duties will
be the same; for a research fellow-
ship, ten clock hours per week or
the equivalent in appropriate re-
search activities are required.

Stipends Of $1800 and $1500 will
be paid to two graduate assistants.
These assistants carry 7-10 hours
in course and seminar work for a
minimum of 15 hours in the aca-
demic year. The duties consist of

either 6-8 hours each semester in
a teaching assignment or 18-20
hours in a non-teaching assignment.

Fellows and assistants are ell-
gible for waiver oftuition in addition
to the stipends listed above.

Undergraduate Assistantshlps
The undergraduate assistantships
pay between $500 and $560 for the
academic year and require 13-14
hours per week of work. '

Applications for these positions
should be made by letter directly
to Dr. Eson, Chairman of the Psy-
chology Department. Doctoral fel-
lowships and graduate assistant-
ships should be applied for before
May 1. The department will inform
the applicants before May 15. Un-
dergraduate assistantships should
be applied for before May 8. Ap-
pointments will be made by May 29.

The letter should indicate the
class year, courses in psychology
and grades, overall grade average,
the level of study (doctoral or mas-
ters) applied for, and special skills
such as typing, shorthand, calculat-
ing machine, and electronics.

Athletic Board Schedules
Open Budget Hearings

Athletic Advisory Board

will conduct open hearings

on its proposed 1964-65 budget this afternoon and Sun—

day night. These meetings

are open to all faculty and

students of the University. Members of Athletic Board,
and Merlin Hathaway, Chairman of the Department of

Athletics, will be present

about the budget.
Today’s hearing will be-
gin at 1:25 p.m. in Draper
40. Sunday’s hearing will
e held in Room 6 of Bru-
bacher Hall at 7:00 p.m.

Next year‘s budget differs little
from the one employed in fiscal
1963-64. It provides for an athletic
tax of$18. 50 per student, no increase
over the current athletic tax. The
total athletic budget is in the neigh-
borhood of $58,000.

Budget Not Final
The budget which Athletic Board
will present for student body scru-
.iny has not yet been finally ap-
proved by President Collins. The
budget will not go into effect until
such approval is secured.

. President Collins said that he did
not feel the budget should be finalized
until the student body has the oppor-
tunity to raise questions and make
suggestions.

“In the past, we’ve always put
the cart before the horse,” said the
President. "Let’s wait until the open
hearings are over beforelput my tip—-
proval on it.”

In the past, the budget was first
approved by President Collins be-
fore it was made public.

Copies Posted
Copies of the proposed budget are
posted in the peristyles today. This
affords an opportunity for interested
students to become familiar wlththe
'tudget before attendmgthe hearings.

In past years, open hearings have
rarely been attended by more thaua
handful of students.

Madame Tolstoy...

(contlnued from page I)

father’s life. Once, when the Anter~
lt‘illl inventor Thomas Edison sent
the Count 11 dictaphouc, ’l‘olstoy
experimented with it, but soon gave
up on the machine saying that it was
made more for the “balanced Antei'u
icaus."

’I‘ltrco criteria were iiiiportuut

.11 ’I‘olstoy in the development of his

subject matter. The first was love
of the author to his subject, second
was the importance of the subject
matter, and the third was the style.

In his works, ’l‘olstoy told his
daughter, he was not trying to mor-
3112.8..aud.coiisidcreti..it absurd to.

U ,1, wins at

behind the iron curtain. '

to answer any questions

tired Studies Evening
llexi luesrlay Night

Kappa Phi Kappa, men’s educa-
tional honorary, in conjunction with
the School of Graduate Studies will
sponsor its third annual Graduate
Studies Evening Tuesday, April 21,
in Brubaclter Main Dining Room at
8 o’clock.

Juniors and Seniors

All juniors and seniors who cori-
template graduate study at this Uni-
versity should attend this meeting.
Information 011 admission and grad-
uate requirements to be discussed
at this meeting is essential for
selecting, applying, and completing
applicat1on to the Scltoolof Graduate
Studies at Albany.

Deans to Speak

The program has been planned
so that students may discuss indi-
vidual problems and questions with
beads of Arts and Sciences, Busi—
ness, Education, and Library
Science.

Dr. Edgar W. Flinton, Dean of
the School of Graduate Studies, will
briefly describe graduate study in
general. Dr. Josiah T. Phinney,
Dr. Milton C. Olson, Dr. Randolph
S. Gardner, and Mr. Irving A. Ver—'

ALBANY STUDENT, PRESS"  FRIDAY. "APTET‘TZ 177.31%! 

Boston Pm: Ilium
‘l [m Next we“

Under the directitm _1 '01 Arthur
Fiedler, the Boston Pops Tour Or-
chestra will appear on the RPI Field

House concert stage in Troy, on -

Tuesday evening, April 21. Over-
ture time Will be at 8:30 p.m.
Tickets are available at the Van
Curler Music House in Albany and
at the RP] Field House. Mail and
telephone orders will be accepted.
Some Of the special selections will
be the Overture to “Semiramide”
by Rossini; “Wine, Women and
Song”Waltzes by Johann Strauss, Jr.
and theme from Lawrence of Arable
by Jarre. A feature willbethe Pops
Round-Up including the themes from
Bonanza, Maverick, The Rebel,and
others.
The widely acclaimed American
pianist, Ozan Marsh, will appear
with the orchestra as soloist in
Piano Concerto No. 1 by Rachman-
inoff. The noted pianist has made
five appearances with the New York
Philharmonic Orchestra.
In addition to his American con-
certs, he has appeared in Vienna,
and Warsaw.

uortcrs l
Hillel
President Jo West announces that
‘ihe closing event will be a picnic
with Union College at Thacher Park
on Sunday, April 17. The bus will
leave in front of Alden Hall at
12:45 p.m. and return at 5:00.
I'KME Banquet

The KME Banquet will be held
at the University Club on Thurs-
day evening, April 23rd at 6:30
p.111. The traditional turkey dinner
will be served. Speaker for the
banquet will be Dr. William Stone.
of Union College who will speak
011 factorization over fields.

The co-chairman for the banquet
are Marilyn Frost And Carol
Hetli'ick

 

 

Food Service

The Financial Aids Office, Draper
210, has applications available for
part—time positions with Food Serv-
ice for this summer and for the
1964-65 academic year.

All persons who desire employ—
tnent in the kitchens, dining halls
and snack bars on both the present
and the new campus are asked to
complete the application and return
to the Financial Aids Office before
June 1. Students presently em-
ployed by Food Service and who wish
to retain their jobs next year must
reapply through the Financial Aids
folce before June 1.

Fresh Advisement

Dr. Clifton Thorne, Dean of the

University College, announces that
all freshmen are required to meet
in groups with their department
chairmen at 1:25 p.m. Friday,April
1’7.
Ancient Languages, D146; Biology,
H-150; Business, 0-349; Chemistry,
D-140; Earth and Atmospheric
Science, 'CA-"t; English, ML-llﬁ;
French, LA—l; German and Russian,
D-246; Mathematics (A to K),
DA-lll; Mathematics (L to z),
DA-llZ.

Also, “Open,”D-l41; Physics,D-
241; Psychology, D—ZOZ; Science,
D—ZOSB; Social Science, Page Audit-
orium; Spanish, D-304; and Speech
and Dramatic Art, R-285,

 

schoor, Deans of the above schools
respectively, will discuss their
schools‘ programs.

Following these addresses, ro-
freshments will be served wrth heads
or representatives of all depart-
ments.

Mr. William E. Seymour .of the
School of Graduate Studies and
Joseph Kestuer ’65, Vice-President

of Kappa pm Kamm‘ are serving three books to the library.

as chairmen.

define a composition as moral or WIS“ u, announce we“. open House,
“UWGVBIV 5'10 5'41“ 1“— Sunday, April 19, from 2:00 to 6:00
wards the end of his life lll his p.m. at 135 south Lake Aye. A”
novel Resurrection, her father did a”, mrdiauy “wited to attend.

immoral.

announces that the annual Alumni
Banquet was held Saturday, April
11.

clients JIM

PSlGAMMA
President Veronica 011115, '64

 

The sisters have recently donated

 
  
 

 

, 11,, ,...«.:.~.u-q,

   
 

 

 
 
  
 

,—

  
   

(Author of «nan/1am: the Flag, hogan,  I.
and “Barefoot Boy With Cheek")

  

 
 
   

A 11an BY ANY Orrin}? NAME

  

With the Cotmneucement Duy just. arr'cpuple of short months ,
away, the question-on-éveryone’s‘li sis: “How did the diﬂer- ‘ ‘ ‘
cnt disciplines come to be murke by academic robes with
hoods of different colors?” Everybody is asking it; I mean
everybody! I mean I havenit been able to walk ten feet on
any campus without somebody grabs my elbow and says, “How
did the different disciplines comettn be marked by academic
robes with hoods of"dill'erent colors, hey?”

This, I must say, is not the usual question asked by colle-
giants who grab my elbow. Ordinarily they say" “Hey, Shorty,
got. 11 Marlboro?” And this is ﬁtting. After a l, are they not.
collegitms and therefore loaded with brains? And does not
intelligence demand the tastiestjn tobacco ﬂavor? And 
not Marlboro deliver a flavor. that: is. uniquely deliciolié?‘.And
um I not. short?

But Idigress. Back to the colored hoods of academic robes.
A doctor of philosophy ‘weurs blue, a doctor of medicine wears

    
       

     
     
  
  

   
  
  
  
    
   
  
 
  
   
 
 
  
 
   
   
   
     
   
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
    
     
    
  
 

 

lily, Why/7

green, :1 master of arts wears white, a doctor of humanities
wears crimson, a master of library science wears lemon yellow.
Why? Why, for example, should it muster of library science
wour lemon ycllow'.’

Well sir, to answer this vexing question, we must. go back to
March 14, 1844. ()n that date the first. public library in the
United States was established by Ulrich Sigafoos. All of Mr.
Signfoos’s neighbors were of course wildly grateful—all, that
is, except Wrcx TOLlllllIltCl‘.

Mr. Todlmutcr hurl hated Mr. Sigufoos since 1822 when both
men lltl(l woocd the beautiful Molnnic Zitt and Melanie had
chosen Mr. Signfoos because SllC was mad for dancing and Mr.
ngtlfoos know all the latest. steps—like the Missouri Corn-
promisc Samba, the Slinys' Rebellion Scltottische, and the
Jiuucs K. l’olk Polka—while Mr. Todhunter, alas, could not
dance at till, owing to n wound ltc ltnd received at the Bottle
of New Orleans. (He was struck by a falling prnliuc.)

Consumed with jealousy at the success of Mr. Sigufoos’s
liltrnry, .\lr. ’I‘odltuntcr resolved to open :1 competing library.
This he did, but he lurcd not one single patron away from
Mr. Sigufoos. “What has Mr. Sigufoos got that I have not?”
Mr. 'I‘odltunter kept asking himself, and finally the answer
cattle to him: books.

So Mr. ’l‘odltuntcr stocked his library with lots of lovely
books, tlll(l soon he was doing more business than his hated rivul.
liut Mr. Sigrtfoos struck back. To regain his clientele, he began
serving tea at his library every afternoon. 'l‘hcreupon Mr.
'I‘odltuntcr, not to be outdone, begun serving ten. with sugar.
'l‘horcupon Mr. Sigufoos begun serving too with sugar and
rrmm. 'l‘ltcreupon Mr. 'l‘odliuntcr begun serving tea with sugar
and cream and lat/ion.

This, of course, clinched the victory for Mr. Todhunter
l)UCllllSL‘ he llil.(l the only lemon tree in town—~11: fact, in the
entire state of IVIiillle*ltll(.l since that; day lemon yellow llllS,
of course, been the color on the robes of masters of library
science.

(Incidentally, the defeated Mr. Siguloos packed up his li-
brary and moved to California where, alas, he failed once more.
There were, to be sure, plenty of lemons to serve with his ten,
but, alas, there was no cream because the cow was not intro-
duced to California until 1037 by John Wayne.)

 
   
          
      
    
 

L0 llltl-l Mux Hliulrnuu

  
 
  

iii * It

Today Californians, happy among their milch Irine, are
enjoying llllorerl Marlboro Cigarettes in soft pack or I’ll)»
Top Box, as are their fellow Americans In all Ii/ty suites of
thin Marlboro Country I

 
    
 
       
   
    
 
      
  
 

 

ALPHA Pl ALPHA
The Brothers of Alpha Pl Alpha

 
  
   
  

 

 

 

base his theme on religiouand moral
behavror'.

From her position as secretary to
her father, Countess ’l‘olstoy became
a nurse in World War I onthe'l‘urk—
1511 front. After the war, the Soviet
government wanted the works of
Tolstoy to be changed and destroyed
to fit the current litre of the party.
For protesting this action, Countess
Tolstoy was imprisoned.

She came to the United States
in 1031 and established the 'l‘olstoy
Foundation which has done llb‘ ut—
most to help refugees escape from

 

Corner ONTARIO and BENSON

FLORIST and
GREENHOUSE

DIAL 4-1126
College Florist for Years

 
  
 
 
 

The film 'Exodus'

will be shown

    
   
 

llalt's Solis

Around the Corner
from the Dorms

Open Daily
Mom-Thurs. lla.nt.ll30p.rn.
Frl. “at. lla.tn.—-l:30a.ttL

Sun. 4:00p.tn.—llp.in.

27f Ontario Street

  
 
    
     
 
 
  
  

Sunday, April 19

 
   
    
   

7:30 p.m.

Temple Israel

 
 
 
  
 
     
 
 
   
     
     
  
 
   
  

 

‘ $1 Donation

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

