 

 

 

- .Wa'csrm rmumadrmﬂmmw

m

 

 

1.‘t1¢svs brief?

Hiring Practices To, Be Revised

by Mlcbcle Israel promotional opportunities, jobs and proved by President O‘Leary in "

In an attempt to equalize job Op- ' salaries. April 1978 sets speciﬁc guideline!
portunities for women. minorities, Positions available for women for hiring \jnivcrgily staff members. 
and handicapped persons, SUNYA “' With a “11).. will be one Of the These guidelines include developing 3
feeling Perhapsthat this increase impersoriafization"D Afﬁrmative A-c-"on Plans. at: “n- préblcms cons'dered in u“: "Vi-“i0” a job description and selection
said. “we would hope they recognize that this is a I, I 9'“ dergomg a revision according to Af- ‘flf the statistics of the national labor cmma‘ systemizing inter-view
8m“ pma w my to help move me man and hold me lillfVcii’ . firmati've Action Ofﬁcer Rosemary force show that 20 pcrccntofwomen p r oced u res. and involvi n8
postal costs - and hence» Postage rates.“ c "M" ' sub“; have Phd's i" BIOIOBIWI SCICHCCS". minorities, women and the ban-

V ' The primary'objeetive ofthe revi- explained Sabai, "SUNYA must dicapped in the hiring process.

sion is to set speciﬁc goals and strive, as its goal. to bring represen- Statistics show that form January
timetables.  will attempt to tation of'womcn on thcwork forceto H978 10 A0811!“ I5J973v “"3": We":
achieve ll situation in which tfiut percentage.“ Although women ' l28 new people hired. The reported
minorities. women. and han- may represent 50 percent ofthe pop- totals are 90 males and 38 females

more efﬁcient mail service and less frequent rate
The plan will give every block in the country its ownnu b

according to Senior Assistant Postmaster GenernlmEtf',
Dorsey. It will take 5 years to itistafl the machines [0 ha -V.
the new codes. Althou officials “are aware “u” ﬁnd]!
people will resent the a ding of new numbers to fhcil’liirllc

does not know for certain that Oswald was the assassin who increases,

shot Kennedy to death in Dallas on Nov. 22, I963. “I'mjust

ﬂari’ortst Captured ,
as anxious to ﬁnd answers as everybodyelse is," she said. But

MILAN, Italy(AP) I Police think the arrest of Corrado pressed for her personal climbn “’0'” Wham; 03mm:

Alunni, Italy‘s most wanted terrorist and reputed leader of killed Kennedy, she replied: “Yes. 1 d0 belle" c l '

the Red Brigades, is amajorbreakthroughinthe hunt for the believe the man was capable of it."

killers of former Premier Aldo Moro. AIunnl. 30, was

arrested Wednesday evening in a suburb of Milan. Police

said he was caught in an apartment that contained a large  T  

cache of . ﬁrearms, ammunition and explosives, and

"important-1 (tenements)? -mformed sources- -said .the ‘

, , . BOSTON (AP) A. test that reveals the makeup of thc lien“

documems Conmmc‘,‘ dem'hd Plans for mom {ﬁn-or”! that control immunity provides an almost foolproof way to

2:3?ng the  Haifa“ "My 3 {malt-“red “swam” ﬁnd the identity of a child's true father. researchers say. The
r n guern as. ey also furnished leads that spurred new paternity us, already has be”, mud in some court cases

Performance Bill Passed

and include II Black males and

Lees-‘cgow‘r < a; r_ ,V‘ w

the search for other wanted terrorists. thesources indicated.

Government Plane Crashes

MANILA. PhIlepIna (AP) A presidential plane carrying
government ofﬁcials and reporters crashed into a row of
houses as it tried to land in a thunderstorm yesterday and
uuahoritites said at least 32 persons were killed in the plane
an on t e ground. Neither President Ferdinand E. Marcos

nor his wife, Imelda, was aboard the air force pfance.   

government spokesmen said. They said those aboard were

members of Marcos‘ security staff andjournalists returning [CAMP DAVID. Md- (AP) Fluid”! can" Scans Within
from the northern Philippines after accompanying the reach; of a comprehensive formula for continuin Israeli-
presidcnt there on a visit this week. Marcos, visitingthc area Egyptian negotiations after the Middle East summit. now
on the occasion of his 6Iat birthday. is expected to return nearing a climax. Although Spokesman Jody Powell
south by car today. a presidential spokesman said.

WASHINGTON (AP) Lee Harvey Oswald‘s widow testiﬁed
yesterday that she believes Oswald assassinated President
John  Kennedy as an irrational attempt to seek
recognition. Marina Oswald Porter told the House
assasstnations committee she believes Oswald acted alone
because his secretive nature would not have allowed him to

 

 

confide in anyone about an assassination plan. In her
wstimony yesterday and Wednesday, she stressed that she Code. The promised benefits ofa nine-digit Zip Code are a

in California. and doctors report it is so sensitive that it can
even determine the rare cases when twins are fathered by
different men. Researchers say the new method, called HLA
typing, is far more accurate than the standard blood test used
in the past to shed light on paternity. “This is the single most
powerful test for determining paternity," said Judy Bond. a
‘rescurchcr at UCLA Medical School in Los Angelcs. A
.report on the test was published in yesterday‘s issue of the
New England Journal of Medicine.

cautioned against “strong optimism or pessimism."
diplomatic sources said the mood at the summit was upbeat
as Carter worked to win the agreement oflsrael's Menuchcm

“Wu   a  Begin and Egypt‘s Anwar Sadat toa peace-seeking blueprint.
If

an accord can be achieved. it would meet at least the
minimum requirements for asuccessfulconfercncc. even ifit
did not ensure an ultimate Mideast settlement.

Plans For New Zip Codes

WASHINGTON (AP) The Postal Service plans to add some
new numbers to your life - four more numbers on your Zip

. Disease Moves North

WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter is described
"delighted" by overwhelming House passage of a civil serrr'as
reorganization bill viewed as the cornerstone of his plsnli:c
shake up the federal bureaucracy. The measure which clear if,
the House Wednesday by a 385-I0 vote is similar to a bc‘u
passed earlier by the Senate. The bill would establiin a Scnil
Executive Service for high-level managers who could trailr
job security for a merit pay system that would give them?
chance at higher earnings keyed to superior performance Ii
also would create a new system whereby 72,500 mid-Icig
supervisors would earn pay raises based on pcrformnncr
rather than longevity.

ALBANY, NY (AP) Three cases of legionuziircs disease
have been confirmed in upstate New York and one on Long
Island in the past ten days. a spokesman for the slate iicann
Department said yesterday. Two of those confiriucd Cillcl
were reported in Western New York‘s Allegruw County.
where there is also a third suspected case. ticprulmcnt
spokesman Bill Filch said. He said all four adults liil bytlic
disease have recovered and that the suspected filth is
recovering. Eagel said that investigations have landed in link
any of the ﬁve adults to the New York City grurncnt tilsllicl

 

 

where a recent outbreak of Legionnaircs discnsc has criusctl
at least two deaths.
__/

 

 

 

There was much outlng. drfnklng. and merrymaklng at
the Oktoberfest yesterday. (Photo: Stove ngro)

Yankee Go Home

The red. white and blue Yankee Trails buses formerly
used on weekends and holidays last year. are now gone.
"According to Assistant Vice-President for Business and
I‘Iinance Robert Sticrer, Yankee Trails was among the
bidders on the 1978-79 SUNYA weekend bus service
contract. IHowever. their bid had doubled from the previous
year. reac ing a figure 0336.000, as com or d ' -
7ft bid of “8.000. p c WM” 1977
“We analyzed our own costs and found it more effective to
do it ourselves With our own drivers and buses,"said Stierer.
Aft: adding one full-time and two part-time drivers and
count cring the cost ofgas oil and maintena ' - '

. . ncc, between
“3,000 and $I5.000 per year will be saved by operatingthe
green buses on weekends, Ilff well as during the week said
Stierer. ’
Yankee Trails was notified of SUNYA's decision last

month.

 

 

\\i —Aron Smith

It’s Ofﬁcial

After almost a decade of planning. the ofﬁcial Word MS
come down from the FCC that WCDB-FM is a reality.
SUNYA‘s radio staion was granted a Class D broadcast
license on August 24, but was first informed of the news
yesterday.

‘ “I‘m very happy. Relieved. Proud."said the WCDB
(Jcneral Manager Dave Reisman. “It reassures us that the

‘1 station operation has been going well." Reisman said he

never had doubts that the station would receive its FM
license. but ‘we Were wondering when we were going to ﬁnd
out. We had to know by September I5. It's a good feeling."

- Jlll Haber
Guest Lecturer

g Profesipr A J. Van Rooy. Vice President of the Human

. ciences csearch Council of South Africa will '

Monday at SUNYA. 8w” [mum
According to Dean of the Colic '

t I ge of Smences and
Mathmatics Vincent Cowling, Van Rooy was invited by
mathematics professor emeritus Nura Turner and he will
speak about matlimatics education. Cowling said he'd heard
no complaints about the speaker's nationality. but math
professor Nathaniel Friedman was opposed to the idea ofa
South African speaker. “I don't think she [Turner] had an
husmcss invrting him." he said. y

Neither Turner not the ofﬁce
. t ’ rs of the Alban .‘
University Iiluck Alliance were available for commijntsmlc

Get   -Jlll Haber

Don't write good. huh'l

Well. then you‘ll be glad to know th
department has announced Ilflll it is ope
the entire SUNYA community. Anyo
With it writing problem. be it organi’l
selection of words, is welcome to visitt
the Ilumunitics basement.

Lab instructors are av ' '

V aiIabIc to give sever

‘ r ‘ v of hour. -
of .lnleIdulll attention to each student. and will reed u wuk
usslignmcntii aimed at particular problems mmcnd

n addition to such individqu instruction. the lab will be

I .III the Engliin
nitig its writingltib to
no who desires Iiclp
sum of material or
Iic lab in Room III in

exams and such specialized tests as the LSAT,

sunya news briefs

offering one and two session “minicourscs” on taking cssay\

So, if you have trouble keeping track of your
tcnscsorcontinualfy mixyour metaphors, sign up as soon its
posSibIe; as attendance is limitied to as many as the Iaib‘snaff
of three can handle.

Drink up!

00m pah pah. Oom pah pah.0ktobcrfcst in Scptcuibcr'.’ It
started at “:00 yesterday morning in the sun and steady
brcercs behind the Campus Center and continued info the
dimly lit Rathskelfer that night. BrockWorst and snncrhruicn
were abundant as well as German pastries and all kinds of
brew. The UAS sponsored event will continue tonight in the
Rat with more beer and sauerkrat. Hearty drinking music
will be provided by Rudy‘s Diamonds, a (icrmuu-Amcriw"
band. Eins. Zwei. I)rei--

~Slevc (later

.Jfll llabtr

WCDB General Manager Dcvo Rel-man ll 9'0"“ °' "w
cIlium- Fui radfo atctlon. (Photo: 8coll Atom”)

 

 

 

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT pm“

SEPTEMBER 15. 1973

 

dicapped persons are represented in
various academic departments and
supportive units consistent with
their availability in the national
labor force.". explains Subai. One
component of the revision is to in-
crease the amount of women and
minorities in a variety of positions.

With a Work Force Analysis,
programmed through the Affir—
nintivc Action Office and tid—
tuiiiistrutive channels. the SUNYA
Affirmative Action Plan will com-
pare university employment
statistics to those of the national
labor force and specify programs to
resolve problems identified by the

ulation. only the qualiﬁed percen-
tage will be sought f'orhlre,she said.

“The court has said that goals are
an acceptable method by which
minorities lln women can be hired. It
is incumbent upon us to make sure
affirmative action plans are
developed consistently with a clear
and legal definifition of goals."said
Stibai.

'I'imctablcs will be established to
achieve the speciﬁc goals. Long
range goals. such as increasing the
numbcrof women. minorities. and
handicapped persons hired in l98l.
will be set in I978 and reevaluated in

analysis. Positions of women.ll979.

nionoi'itics. and handicapped per-
sons will be explored as well as

"The Affirmative Action Search
Policy and Procedure" report. ap-

An SA audll recommended creating a policy to curb overs endl
safd SA Presldenf Paul Feldman. (Photo: Bob Leonar‘d) "9

SA Projects and Plans Begun Over Summer

by Jeff Kennell

Among SA's summer projects
were improving conditions at Pitt-
Illilll flail. instituting a discount
coupon booklet,working on getting
('nblc l.V.. and planning to review
lotir major campus operations, uc-
coidiug to SA President Paul Felti-
IIIIIII.

lIic l‘iilillltlllli Aids Office. Health
Services. the Office of Residences,
and the bookstore will be reviewed.

l‘cldnuin said flint although no
specific deadlines are set. "Ilopcfuliy '
the committees will be able to do
their research this semester so that
actions can be taken next semester
IIIltl pressure can bc applied if need-
cd."

Ilic first part of the summer was
spent casing a projected housing
shortage. I‘eldman feels that SA
wor kcd extremely hard in improving
Pitniun lluIi til the St. Auucs School
to house 751i'ansfer students. licsuid .
he iL‘iIl'ctl that I'ilmn’u would become
another Country Squire. a special
emphasis was placed on its rcftii'»
bisliiug. “l’ituinu liilll was hulmllp
with an enormous amount of effort
on our part."snid PL'ItiIIlifll. "We
made sure tlinl I’llllltfll residents
could get out of their contracts tip
iiutil lill'L't‘ weeks after the semester‘s
strut." I

flowcvcr. I‘cldman said SA Will
not assume any responsibility for
problems the students encounter.
since Pitmitu Hall is a residence of—
fice progruui.

SEPTEMBER 15. 1978

A student discount book Wtis
produced by SA this summer also,
The purpose of the book was to im-
prove on a similar ven-
ttirc.“Ripoffs“, which was created
two years ago, according to the
Chair of Central Council, Dave Ruf-
lo.

Ituf'fo and SA Controller chbic
Ruskin divided the yellow pages and
identified 205 merchants and stores
they felt would be interested and
benefit students. Next. letters were
sent to each store. and phone calls
soon followed. according to Ruffo.

()f 285 merchants. 45 accepted
SA's offer. which was based on the
mutual bcucficiality Iorscen in the
project by SA. The merchant would
receive “free advertising iii a market
that pumps approximately $ | 2,000,-
000 nuuuully itito tfic cornnuinity."
according to Ruffo‘s and Rttskin‘s
letter.

The book consists of year round
discounts and a special section of
one shot deals, where a coupon must
be presented in order to receive the
discount. Il)‘s and tax cards are to be
presented before purchases tire rung
u I.

I Delayed by the Pitniuu IIulI pro-
jccl. work on the discount book
wasn‘t sttii'tcd until .iuly l. lint SA
set a deadline for this project of
September I. rind completed it on
August 28. cxpluiuctf Ruffo.
“Discount books are being dis-
tributed iu the Contact Office from

now on. along with tax curds."hc’

females. seven Asian Americans.
two Hispanics and I07 White males
and females.

The need for affirmative action
was recognilcd during I9b| through
I967 in Presidential Excculivc
Orders. It required the elimination
of job discrimination through .
positive efforts of government con—
tractors. The present Executive
Order ll24(i requires that all major
non-construction contractors deter-
mine whether or not their employ-
riicnt system is discriminatory.

SUNYA Affirmative Action was.
established in I973 us a result of n
SUNY wide policy on equal oppor-
tunity and affirmative action. As a
rccepicnt of federal funds in Finan-
ciui Aid Programs and Rreseurcb

l

SUNVA'I Afflrmlllvo Action Plan has been revlcad, sccordlng to
Afflrmallve Actlon Officer Rosemary Sahel. (Photo: Roanne Kufakoff)

(irunts. SUNYA is responsible for
coordinating affirmative action ef-
forts.

Stibui explained that "Affirmative
action is u rcsull oriented progra'im
providing equal opportunity _in
employment and education for all
without regard to race. sex. national
origin, color. religion or creed. It is
also concerned with correcting any

inbulanccs. whether they be in
employment. education, or salary
levels, which may be uttirbuted. to if-
legal discrimination. lnasociety that
says all persons are created equal, it
is unfortunate that we neem afﬁr-
mative action to have this realized.
People are asking to be given equal
opportunities. That is the right of
every individual."

Curbing of Overspending Urged

by Martin Fennelly

Creating a policy to prohibit
ovcrspcnding by campus
organisations was one of several
recommendations made in a
rccentlyrcleascd audit of the internal
accounting procedures of the SA.

It is now up to SA Comptroller
Debbie Ruskin to initiate action on
tfic suggestions made by the audit.
which was conducch by the firm of
lirlincli. Kuhn‘und Werlin. I’.C. of
Affinity llflli covers the fiscal years
ending June 30.|97lf and 1977.

Although Ilic audit's findings
drew no immediate response from
SA members at last night‘s Central
Council meeting. SA Assi 'lant
Comptroller Mtirk florkowski "The

added.

Cable television was another issue
receiving SA's attention. A Cable
IV 'lnsk l‘orcc met twice over the
summer to disc ss two primary con-
cerns, the engineering and funding
aspects of cable TV at SUNYA. ac-
cording to Central Council member
Ifriun Levy. The Task Force con-
sisted of members of the administra-
tion, students. and the Educational
Communications Center (ECC).

According to Levy. the Task
I’orcc “discussed the construction of
a proposal and the aspects of itsfun-
ding." I‘cldmau added that “We've

identified the servicc lo the point,

. where its become a realistic issue.“
The proposal now included three
progressive phases in cable TV use.
Levy described the first phase us put-
ting 20 cable equipped ’I'V's on the
quads, probably in lounges. I’luisc
two would cqtiip 250 more 'I'V‘s with
cable on the quads. probably in the
suite rooms. Phase three would be
the satire as phase two except tlicrc
wotifd be cubic and Ilomc Ilox 0f"
ficc. "We're gunning fora phase two
set tip Willi pluisc tiircc cupability,"
said Levy. He added that IIBO
would be run like If telephone ser-
vice.
Cupitul Cable-Vision is the firm the
Task I‘orce has talked with. accor-
ding to levy. Installation of the

Icnblc 'I'V's this semester is doubtful,

however as Levy explained that time
wus an obstacle. “Chances are slim
that we can finalize the deal and lay

RE

greatest concern among SA
mcuibcrs centers around this ques-
tioti of overcxpcnditurcs by campus
oi'gnui/iitions."

Ilic question of overspcnding as
ci'itici/cd by lhc audit. centers
around the Allin/tr Slur/1'!” I‘rt'.i'.i'.
which according to the audit is
operating under a $27,224 deficit as
of the fiscal yetircnding .lune 30.-
i‘)7if. fhc audit recommended that
the SA advise the ASP that it must
if\t)ltl lultu'c dclicifs rind to correct it
5 present tlcficit Iiuluiicc.

sis/'IIIISIIICSS Manager Jon
Hodges said that the deficit docs ex—
ISI illltl that it IIIIS been built up in the
two ycni‘s since tfic rlSI' bcctimc iii—
dcpcndcnt of SA financing.

cnlilc before the ground freezes and
digging becomes impossible," he
said.

I’tinding of cable TV is also being
examined by the Task Force. cx—
pfnincd Levy. They are looking
beyond the administration for fun-
ding. nnd envision at possible coni-
,binntion of SA. state and student
funding, be said.

Levy said that onlc preliminary
background work had been done by
the end of last semester. and that be
was pleased with the progress oftbe
fusk Force‘s summer . ons,
"Without the summer meetings. we
certainly wouldn‘t be where we are
now.“

lfie four areas . as listed by Felti-
muu. arc ls‘iiumcinf Aids was an area
ilL' described as “having a history of
problems and needing a concrete
change.“ l’eldmiin predicted that the
review of Health Services will get off
to tincurlystiu't.probubly next week.

"Residence in general needs ti
I‘L'VIL'W ulso.“suid I"cldiiiuii. l-le ex-
plained that he‘d like to have an
amplification of the sludcnt's voice
in such matters as the appointment
of Ilorui Directors arid the deciding
of board Policy. I-‘cldman also
hoped the bookstore investigation
would lipr alleviate the high prices.
slow moving lines. and other
problems that firm: plagued the store

. in the past.

flowcvcr. Hodges cxpitiined.“We
have used 527.000 out of the SA
funds. People owe us between $25.-
000 and 520.000 in accounts
l'L‘CL'lVflhlc. so from our point of
view. we‘re only $l000 in the hole,
whereas from the SA's point of'vicw.
we owe them 5827.000.”

Ifodges says that he is optimistic
about holding the deficit at $27 .000.
although he added. "I don't think we
(tfic ASP) can make a dent in the
picscut figurc without some sort of"
outside help."

Members of both SA and ASI’
fllL'l late yesterday to discuss the
triudit‘s recommendation and to
work otit some sort of repaymein
plan. according to SA President

Paul i-cldmuu.

l'ur'llicr commenting on the sub-
ject of organirutioii overexpen-
diturcs. the auditors‘ report
states:“Any overcxpenditure by an
Agency group is made by using
funds which belong to other groups.
and a policy should be established
which prohibits ovcrcxpenditurcs. If
the group were to disbaud. then the
deficit would impair the cnsb

‘ balances of the other groups or the
Student Association itself."

The other major point of concern
raised by the audit dealt with the
SA‘s control of revenue receipts." It
was pointed out that there are very
Ii ruitcd or no accounting controls cx-
cci‘ciscd ovcr monies raised by ticket
SilicS. dues. charges for events and
lother dues prior to deposit of such
rcvcuticiutbc SAoccoiint.Thcnudit
wcut oti to rcconituctid that:

I All SA sponsored events use
tickets supplied by the association.
tfici'by permitting tiic associiiticu
through a process of ticket recon—
ciliation to be accountable for any
event sponsored by the SA

' Retail stores such as the record
and food co-ops be required to make
deposits at UAS check cashing ser-
vice oil it daily basis. tItcrby permit-
ting the SA tti exert the proper con-
trol by reviewing the daily sulcs
i'cccipis.

0 (iroups that collect dues and
miscellaneous revenues be given pre-
mimbercd receipt books at the
beginning of the school year which
will be reviewed weekly by the SA.

 

