 

 

AFlTCAFlVED's new fashion rings are very diﬂerent from traditional college rings. Each is
unique, contemporary design. and very much your college. Whlchever style you choose in
large collection can be personallzed by the custom features you select.

THE ilRTQ‘lRVED REPRESENTATIVE

will be here to help you select your ring.

Monday, May 8
Tuesday, May 9
Wednesday, May 10

Campus Center Lobby

Follett SUNY
 Bookstore

 

 

 

 

 

Roles Require

Better Analysis

By LAURIE SMILAN
can Anouilli‘s 'l'lii't'vt-s'
Cur/rival. which is being
performed tltis week by tlte
State University l'heatrc.
centers around a theme which
is prevalent in all of Anouilh‘s works.
Anouilh believes tltat the purity and
innocence of childhood arc man's
irretricvablc “lost paradise." Man‘s
iiiislorttlnes .titd stll'leriitg. tlic anguish of
cxistcnccntrc cattscd by ltis lalliiig outside
of this realm and into tlic corrupt
"sophisticated" world where hypocrisy
and injustice arc the order of the day.
Unable to retrieve this past innocence.
Anouilh‘s cltaracters are no longer
masters of their own destinies. 1 hey learn
to exist iii an absurd reality rather tltan
attempting to learn how to lead their own
lives. lhey take on suitable roles: tlieyact
rather than taking action.

lhus. Humane (Turiiival is a sort of
"play within a play." lli'c actors are
playing the parts of those who are acting
roles iii a ntuch larger play: life. it is only
:\nouilh‘s hero and heroine. Uustave aitd
.luliettc. who retain their integrity:
Uustave hecatisc he reluses to acquiesce
aitd Juliette by Vll‘lllt: ol her innocence.
l hey are the only "characters" in the play.
the rest are merely charicaturcs. lifeless
and Wooden. with painted smiles like
ittarioncttes in a puppet show.

lht: thicvcs. llcctor (Lawrence
Greenfield) and l’ctcrbono (Dennis
Sellasl are suclt characters. lhey are
comic aitd superficial aitd so are their
lives. Both actors make a lair attctnpt at
portraying tltcnt as stlch. but one is left
with the impression that tlic full comic
potential of these characters has not been
r 'ali/ed. l ltc characterizations are itot as
absurd and as hysterical. as trite and
typical. as they iiiigltt have becit.

In contrast to these nicdtocrc
portrayals. however. are the fine
performances of Christopher Wolfe and
Ralph Babcock. lhey portray two
fittancicrs. | hcyare“respectable”thieves.

 

audience with many.

   

Wolfe is very funny as the scheming
father whose plans are always thwarted
and liabcock plays his role. that ol the
humbling. asexual soii. almost to
perfection. lhe liiic acting of these l\\ti
produce riotous results.

Similarly. liiiiotliy Lyons is line as
Lord lidgard. llic strength ol his
cliaractcri/ation lics iii tlic lact that he
plays a type. that ol'an old doddcriiig tool
and not ol an individual nuanted
charactcr. ’

Ilie major tailing ol the play is lllt'
characteri/ation ol l'.\il tloi'i l'cldinanl.
lava exists iii lh ' absurd world loi \thicn
.'\ll()llllll holds so iituch contempt (ls
much as do any of the pl’CHotlsl)
mentioned characters. She is also a type.
she isactiitga typical role. It is indeed that
which we rccogiii/c ‘as controcd and
typical that we see as being comic. l \.t is
not portrayed in this manner \l~
l‘cltlmllll attempts to giw licr L'llilltlt'lt'l
depth where none exists. She tuition to
play up the cotiiic aspects ol the
character. As l'.\a \tas iiol intended to be
anything bllt comic. her cliaractei i/atton
Ialls flat.

Rita ll. Moldovan gitcs a more than
adequate pcrlormancc in ltcr role as 1 ad}
lltirl. Ms. Moldovan has a line plt‘ht‘llt't'
and her performance is lllL‘cl) itllCL'lL’tl
Rob Salofl is convincing as the llt‘lt).
(itistav. ||c portrays the chaiactei
authentically. as the role should be
portrayed. and the alttlicitcc rcadil)
accepts tltc character as being genuine.
Beth Kuch is qttite engaging in her
portrayal of the heroine. Juliette. (hie is
totally convinced of her innocence and
naively. Kttgcl is perfectly cast.

HIR‘l't'A" ('ai'm‘vril is. abov - all. a comic
ballet. an artificial latitasy. It is as a
sophisticated cartoon iii which l\'\tl “real
peoplc happen to liiid themselves, lhe
ellcct would be eontical but lltc
pretentious aitd mediocre acting of a ten
prevent it front beingas funny as itsliould
have been. I his production is good lot a
lien laughs. It should hatc piotided its

 

ul'S/ElthA Mm US

    
    
      
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
    
  
 
 
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

 

   
   
  
     
       

     
   
        
        
    
       

 

     
   

  

 

 

 

L

UNYASymphOny
et‘ To Sound Off

By J. M. REILLY

he S U N Y A Symphony

Orchestra will present its only

concert ofthe Spring semester

next Monday and Tuesday at

8:30 p.m. on the Maiit Stage
in the Performing Arts Center.

'l‘hcrc are a number ofthings about this
concert that distinguish it from SUNYA
Symphony concerts of the past. For oitc.
there are two performances; there is
usually only a siitglc pcrformattcc ol'each
concert. though there may be two
diflercnt concerts in a semester. Because
the combined concert with Rl’l scltcdtilcd
for 'tirlicr this Spring was cancelled by
then-conductor Arturo Ciompi. thi is the
first mid only concert the orchc ra has
given this year. Another interesting thing
about this concert is that l‘indlay
Cockrcll. nationally known virtttoso
pianist and SUNYA Mtisie faculty
member. will make his full-orchestra
condtlctiiig debtit Monday night.

Perhaps the most significant difference
between the upcoming concert and those
in the rccctit past is that the musicians in
the orchestra. as well as tlic people iii the
Music Dcpat‘liitcnl in general. are
looking forward to this concert. Why
should this optimistic aiiticipationset this
concert apart front those of the past‘.’
According to manager Al
Kuras. tltc picttirc hasn‘t been all that
hriglit tor the orchestra in recent years.

"I he quality of tltc orcltcstral
community has goiic down in rccetit
years.“ Kurtis said. “We used to b-ablc to
fill tltc ltotisc. and now nobody scents to
be coming to the concci‘ts."

('oiitluctor Cockrcll

 

orchestra

agreed that

“audiences in the last three years or so
ltavc been tapering off." but feels the
problem is one of logistics. not
musicianship. “l’eople arejust not signing
up to play in the orchestra the way they
used to. There‘s plenty of tttlcnt in the
sttitlcnt body here. including many non-
music majors. Maybe we‘re just itot
communicating to people.“

Cockrcll stressed that the orcltestra is a
community oitc. aitd auditions are open
to everyone. whether or itot you study
music at SUNYA. Many musicians with
the orchestra are non-students front the
local community. working people. niid
even a few high-school students.

The orchestra has a particularly acute
need for string players. accordiitg' to
Cockrcll. For the upcoming concert. ltc
invited many of his fricitds iit tltc local
area to coiiie aiid play with the orchestra.
dotiblitig the number ofstriitgs iii order to

balance otit tlic aiitplc wind and
percussion sections.
“'I here are probably many string

players here who are just riot playing wiltt
the orchestra. ll we could talk them into
rehearsing twice a week and playing two
concerts a year. we‘d be in good shape.“
t'ocki'cll said. -

As for the dwindling audiences.
('ockl‘cll felt there was again a logistical
explanation. "llclorc tlic l'AC opcncd.
we gave concerts at Page Hall. and
community found them
convcnicul to attend." he said. “Now.
people have to figure otit how to get ltcre.
wlicie to park. and which building is the
PAC. Willi few signs attd fewer
distinguishing characteristics to heip
people otll. this campus can bc pt‘clty

people

confusing to those unfamiliar with it."

But what about student attendance of
on-campus concerts? For the majority of
SUNYA students. the PAC location
would Shem to be even more accessible
than Page Hall.

“Luck of communication again.” said
Cockrell. “We don‘t publicize and
promote these events enough, either on
campus or in the local area." For this
concert. Cockrell. Kurtis and other
members of the Music Department have
mounted a more visible and audible
promotional campaign, including press
coverage. poster hanging. and radio
interviews.

On top of the stepped-up promotional
campaign. Cockrell and orchestra
members feel lltey ltavc put together a
stronger. more appealing program for
this concert than past concerts ltave
offered.

Next week's concert will touch al'. tltesc
bases. it will start off with a short
composition. “Cccnccrtino for l‘rumpct
and Strings" by Riisuger. a twentieth-
ci:ntury composer. featuring Ureg
llutchins on trumpet. This will he
followed by Haydn‘s "Oboe Concerto."
with Donna Swahlan on oboe. uThe
William l’ell ()vcrturc." a full-orchestra
showpiece by Rossini will close the first
half of tltc concert. hopefully leaving the
alldicncc whistling the. “Lone Ranger“
theme on tltc way to the bathroom.

/\ftcr intermission. Marie Myers will
sing the “lixultatc .lubilatc" by Mozart.
lollowcd by the piece everybody can
whistle oit the way home. (icrshwin's
“Rhapsody in lilue." featuring .lcfl'Stcin
oii piano. All the soloists are SUNYA
students who completed through
auditions to solo woth the orchestra.

"With the two big block—buster pieces
and fine soloists we have this year. l'm
confident we can fill the liotisc on botlt
nights.“ Cockrcll said. “I here‘s also the
added drawing factor of those who will
come out ofcuriousity about how l‘ll do
as coiiductt 

(‘ockrell is not really as green at
cinducting as it may sound. He studied

 

condu’éi‘ing its a second interest If;

Juittihrd where he majored in pitta

performance. He alsoconductcd some",

musical theatre here a fewyears ago. He
conducted the pit orchestra for the,

SUN YA production‘ of “Peter Pan,",

which he said was “the most successful
theatre production in the twelve years I’ve
been here.“ He also conducted the
orchestra for “The Wizard of 02." which
performed at the Children‘s Theatre in
Moscow through a cultural exchange
program with the U.S.S.R. a couple of
years ago. .

According to Kurtis, there has been “a
tremendous change in the orchestra’s
rehearsals for the combined concert with
Rl’l earlier this Spring. Although the
concert was performed at Rl’l, Ciompi
cancelled the concert here at SUNYA.
and resigned as conductor several days
later.

Cockrcll took over soon after and.
according to featured soprano Marie
Myers. “he's got the orchestra inspired,
and he‘s pulling good stuffout ofthem. I
think this concert is going to be very
good. uMyers. aii outstanding vocalist.
has perforated with cockrcll at the South
Mall. as part of the lunch—hour recital
series he started there.

Cockrcll ltopcs the concert will be a
success. because “it will give everybody in
tltc department a shot in the arm.“ Both
he aitd Al Kuras are trying to give the
department a sltot iii several other ways.
Kuras has been organi'ling ntore "pillow
concerts" in tltc University Art Gallery.
like the one lrvin (iilnian gavc several
weeks ago. Cockrcll hopes to be able to
organize and coach more student
performances. He feels the faculty is itot
doing enough to get students performing.
“We are itot doinga good cnoughjob. We
don’t follow through. and make
pcrloi‘ittanccs ltappcii.

Both L'ockrcll and Kuras feel there is a
need for more faculty performances. to
strengthen the department hcrc.‘
"Without a performing faculty. you don't
attract new students. and you citd tip with
a weaksdcpartment." Kurtis said.

State & Colonial Get Their Acts Together

By EDITH BI‘ZRICI.5()N

he joyous. toe-tapping

niusi 'al is back. and State and

Colonial Quads arc proving it

with their respective quad
productions.
"ttc Qttad prcsetitcd ('olc l'ortci"s
musical-comedy "Anything Goes“ last
weekend in tltcir calctct'izt. ,

"AnythingUocs. ‘oi'iginally perlorincd
in I914. is one of those old musical—
comcdics that people are relcrriiig to
when saying "they jtlst don‘t make shows
like they used to." Although not long oit
plot. the comedy ltas barely faded over
the years and many of its songs suclt as
"It‘s Delightful.“ "l‘riendsltip." and "1
Get a Kick ()tit ol You" ltave become
standards.
lhc show is set on a luxurious cruiser

bottiid for lingland. lhe hero. Billy
(rocker (played by .lerry llarnctl)
decides to sail on the ship to prevent tltc
\‘lillltlll he loves. llope llarcourt (Lori
Roth) lrom marrying an t-,iiyt|iiiig~litit-
romantic ILItglishman. Sir livelyn Oakley
(Larry Mcnterl. liilly enlists the help of
his friend. Reiio cheiiy. a famous
cvaiigelist-turitcd-nightclub singer iii
enticing Sir livelyn away from llopc.
Also on deck is tlic harmless l’uhlic
linciny Number [3 (Pete Desitioud) and
his sidekick. Bonnie (Mary Lospitalicr)
who also wind up helping Billy.
liverytliing, of course. works ottt in the
end; Sir livelyn and Reno pitir off as do
Billy and Hope.

 

llic 'ast t::i\c enthusiastic renditions of
the production numbers “lleavcti llop."
“Anything Uocs." and “lilow (iabi'icl
lilow." but I would ltavc likctl to have
seen more itttricatc dance steps in those
numbers. Although not professionals. the
principals all handled their parts well.
lhe show was especially highlighted by
|larnctt and Moses‘ singing and
Desmond and Mcntct"s comedy.

llie production was directed by Jeff
|)unct/. produced by (‘raig Keith with
lirian liailey providing staff advisement.

Colonial Quad lioard‘s production of
scenes froiti "Godsch" will be prescntetl
this l‘ritlay at 8 p.m.

“(iodspell." which is about the life of
Jesus; according to tlic Gospel of Saint
Matthew. is radically different from
traditional musicals. The show is
performed in a series of skits iii which
parables arc acted out and songs are
performed. lhe Colonial production is
being directed by Richard Dunne attd
produced by Cynthia l’ucino. Dunne.
professional actor who has appeared in
various companies in the role of Jesus.
said that “Uodspell” has been termed “a
light rock musical, which means the
niltsic in it is basically electric."

The show uses “theatre games“ which
stress that fact that what the actors are
presenting is n pltty rather than reality.
Willi tlic exception of those portraying
Jesus and .ludas. all the cast members
play themselves. and even call each other

ALBANY broom Primes

 

UPS/DOB [EONAID

Last week State Quad presented "Anythlng Goes" (left). Colonial Quad
answers the cry of Broadway this week with "Godspell."

by tltcir own names. l'lic only time they
take on characteristics other than tltcir
own is when acting out parables.
Dunne classifies "Uodspell“ as an
“ensemble'show” because of the amount
of improvisation uttd other such “theatre

games" used iii the show. “All teit [actors]
have to depend on each other, they have
to get to the point where they truat each
other on stage.“

"(iodspcll" will be performed free of

charge in the Colonial Quad Cafeteria.

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    

 

   

 
       
      
       
     
         
     

   
 
  

  

u,
‘1
a“
.i.
a
I.
'-
‘1
't
L

     

    
  
 

     
   

  

