 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Fulton Bali 75 ~76
Reunion

Monopoly Lounge
Saturday, 9:30 I’.M.

Don't Miss It.

 

 

 

Excitin TheatresdérOneRoof
5‘) A NEW gIMENSION IN CINEMA LUXURY

MATINEES DAILY!

2:00. 41l5
7:00; ‘l:l5

SATURDAY NIGHT‘ 7
FEVER ' "



 

[245. 4:00
030. H‘JS
IllZSIl

, g , \ '
NE 1'233'4-5‘6-
nocssn-nscuun CMAIRS‘SD- not: i
81 , 5' IABT i .NORTMWAV MALL." COLONIE '

 

 

ALL INVITED to the arid-obtain] Celebration

"The Start of Something Great" PARTY

M‘d
wow“, “VQI  IQ”

Beer. mixed drinks. chips and dip. etc.

‘ take a break before finals week
* meet. new friends

Friday MAY 12th
45:00 P.M.-12:30 A.M.

at. the Campus Center Ballroom

Tickets sold at. the door.

Proof of age required.

 

Iiuitlt‘t/ Ivy 5.4

 

 

Empire State
Moves From
Draper

by Janet Shell . . ‘
lhe Empire State College (Illlcc.
formerly located in Draper IIII‘II
moved to Wolf Road in Colonic
March IS as a result ofa renovation
project on the downtown campus.
according to University Space L om-
mittec Chair Dennis J. StevcuS.

“ I lie area which the Iimpire Stale
College Office was locath in \ 'as lltl-
der extensive renovation as a part at
Phase l of the major rehabilitation
projecf in Draper and Richardson
Halls." Stevens explained.

Ihe rehabilitation oi the two halls
lltts been in the planning Ior some
time.

" I he more has nothing to do \\ itli
the upcoming housing crunch this
I'all. It is based solely on this
Rehabilitation Project." Stein-us
said.

Noii-SllNlA oiliccs Icntmg
spacconthcdowntown campus \\l.‘l'L'
asked to leave." Stevens said.

'(lllrccs ii the basement ol IIuoct-
sity library will. tipoii completion.
house the (iradiiatc Scht oi at Public
Allan's now located in Mohawk

lower. lntlian Quad. Sit-\cm said.

Ilie Graduate School oi l‘iihlic
Allah's will move into tiic library ol-
IIL'L'k In June. Iicaddcd. IIccsplaincd
that this move will clear inc ad-
ditional lloors oi Mohmtk in...“
IIil' students to occupy this coming
I all.

x .
.' .3"? 7’1']: ..
t'tl/llfllllt‘llfrl)lll page (IIIL'

comiiicnt yesterday.

(otning also took issue \\IlIt
Iliiiiiilloii’s charge that the mayor
.illcmptcd to prevent icdcrally-
linanccd on-lhc-joh training for int-
ority \loi‘kcrs. -

"Dr, IIlllIllII‘ill is mistaken.
ptrshcd like era/y Ioi .iiciiiinoiitlcs.
he sold.

loiilicr International
IIIUIIIL‘IIltN'LI UI Iilcciilcai “orkcls
business director .Ioc Korcrnan.
whom t'ornirig siiid would \ci'iiy
this. said the maon Iiad madccilnils
in this area.

Search Process

t'uitliiiiii't/frimi page Illlt'

Arid Wilkinson. \tlio disclosed
that it was the t'oiiiniiitcc that ap-
ptoiichcd (Heart) for lIlL'Il liirci-
\lL\\. \old they decided to recom-
riiclid hint "at the point whcii ll
hecanicclcarthat hcitas clcalh the
best t|lltlilliuti among those lit-trig
considered."

\Il thcsc ohscr\atlons lrclp to I.”
lll many oi the gaps lIl information
\\c are Ii.'ll to deal \\|IIl. More nitoi-
matron wotild have gncn its. quite
\lllIPI}. iiiorc.

 

Overseas Program 8th
vear

University of Paris -
Sorbonne

Undergraduate in Philosophy
and related mayors. Earn 30 ~32
credits in regular Sorhonnc
(Paris IV) courses. (Program
also available for one semester
or full academic year for
studentu just beginning to
study French.)

Director usaiatu with housing.
programs. studies.
Orientation. and language
rovrews.

September 15 through June 15.

lintim..iod living. airl'ai'o.
tuition. toes: s 400 N.Y.
rouidunta. $3000 others.

 

 

 

Mondale Pledges Support to Indochina

BANGKOK. Thailand (AI’) Vice I’rcsidcnt'WaItCr I". Mondale Dillttttscti
new warplanes and reaffirmed an American commitment to dcicnd
Southeast Asia in talks with lhaiiand‘s leader yesterday. Mondale “I.” will
in.- Uniicd States would accept tens ol'thousands more Indochina it'I iigcu.
“()ur own peace depends on the II’aeific'a‘rea." Mondale declined Itl it
chanlpagne toast at a state dinner. Prime Minister Kriangsak L lionianaii. in
his toast. praised the US decision to take in more rclugccs. sayiiigit lL'IIL't‘ls

l'icsidcnl L'ai‘tcr‘s“coiiccrn for human rightsand hiin standard oi iiioialio "

Daoud's Property Nationalized

KAlllIL. Afghanistan (AI’I As its last acts, Alghanistan's nco gotciiiintni
has iialioiiiili/cd the property ol the late I’i‘csident Moliainiiicd llaorttt 4...]
announced educational tclornis. lhc ruling ic\olutionai_\ Ctillllt'li. ninth
mcl'thi‘cw Daoud in a bloody ilphcinal last week. said his propt-iit .onl that
ol Ills lainin was sci/ed because it IliILI bccn"rohbcd from the “or kltlt‘ pt‘liph.
ol '\lghamst;in.” Ihe council said it would continue to respect the iron. rm,
ot piiiatc property. “til it said Daolld's wealth had been .thmicd til i. om...“
ol "moral criteria aiitl the Islam religion." and that his goods “helpin- to my
people ol Alghanislan. to the public lt’ctlslll). arid they ate itlltttt‘tiitt'ti .t'»

iiationali .ti,"

Margaret Trudeau Invited to Visit Uganda
NAIROBI. Kenya (Al‘) I’rcsitlcnl Idi Alum til Uganda has ltl\t|L’li
estranged \\iIC ol (‘aiiadiaii I’limc Minister I’ict'rc Iilliott I itidcautotoir Iii»
coiinlrv. In a stalcnicm, Alain said Margaret Irttdcau was t|l\tlt'lI Ill Ilt'l
. a photojournalist to see tiic tl'ttc situation in l garida which IlL'I
husband rcluscs to see." Uhsct'tct‘s here said the imitation apparently “as
prompted by i'cporls that the Canadian government docs not want \iiiinto
altciid the ('oiiinionwcalth (Iaincs lll Ildltltlllltlll. Alberta. llt \iigiiu

Charities Low Due to Tax Form

“ASIIING'I'ON tAI'H ltai it) gtoitpsarc worried that l:t.\pa)ct Clinic-usuri-
rise ol the shorter income ta\ ham and the standard deduction is icsriltiiigtn
a decline Ill charitable contributions. I’iglimiriary c\idcncc llltIlt‘.lIt'\ that
thousands at taxpayers who do not ilemr/c their deductions .Ilt‘ gitiiig
substantially less to cliarlty. according to l-aiidi'tim R, Iiollirig. chair manor
the ( otiiictl on I'ountlatioils. "It‘s pcrlectly tintlci'staiidablc.‘ ht- said in an
iiilcrticw. "loll don't lime to prole that you have gncii a mitt-I "

Carter Criticizes Legal System

I405 /\N(iI'II.IiS [AI’l President Carter. in a ringing denunciation oi IIIL'
legal pioicsslon.declared yesterday that the \ast iiiajoi'ity ol Americans don't
get illICLI ' c legal representation wiiilc those with means get all the Itvip t|ic_\
need. In an address to the Los Angclcs llai‘ Association. (fairer .ilsololtail
tatilt with a legal system he cliaiacteri/ed as being too lenient \\llil "big-dial
a reference to \thitc-collal' crime. "We Iiaic lhc Ilt'-|\|L'\I

crooks" U
one lot cvci‘v Silt) Ainciituiiis the

concentration ol lawyers on earth
president said in questioning the quality ol legal assislaiiccc ii\.iil.dilc to
people.

New Orleans Hit Hard by Flood

NI?“ URIII'IANS ti\I’l Roads \tcrc clogged with abandoned c.ir . gt «trim
and snakes \IIIIlL'tlfti thlough the streets as iloodwatcr‘s Icccrlcd lion. uncut
IIlL' aita‘s \tors' ratristorms ltt Sit tcttts. lhc dchtgc “its blanicd Itl tutti
deaths and an estimated Mill million damage. At least toiii pctmni» do [I .t' it
diicct tt'sllil ol the iloodirig \\hilc a liltll person with a licail tltlltIIIIt'II rind
\\IllIL' liciiig paddled to a hospital in a piiogtic. a swamp \crsron rd .t t .ttro‘
i\iitl I'i‘csidcnt ('artcr declared the metropolitan icgioii a disastri auxin-std

day. making chcr'al loans and aid a\ailahlc,

Agreement Reaches with Thruway Workers
"HMNI. NI lAI'l Negotiators hinc reached a tciitatitc .lt'lt‘st'IL'I“ “‘1
wages in thc final year til a contract bctwccrt the Slate Ihrii\\.o \Illilrtttl}
IIIHI 3.300 uiiioni/cd cinployccs. it was announccd vcstcidav Ilrt.ii!-. ot lilt'
“IN \\L'I'c withheld pending a mail iatilication vote by the lllL‘lllIlt'lv oi lilt‘
tilt! Scrlicc Iiiiiployces Ansilclillltlll. A spokcsuoiiiaii Ior thct \I \Nt‘tI‘Il“
“ililmillk' It’I‘IIW Ii"ilI.\’carol a thicc-ycai contract. Iicgiiiitiiigtlns It|i\ | Iilt‘
i’ICCtlltI was reached chncsda)’ when a mediator was called llt Illtlll tlrt'
“"I’I'“ I '"I‘It'llllcnt Relations Iioaid. No other itrius \tcii- subtrtr to It”
opening.

Debate on Seat Belts tor Buses

M‘BANY' N-Y- (N'l School bus operators and state llliltjlttis dvirtlIL‘tI
WU‘IMS‘I‘W “‘0 POSSII‘IIIIY oi requiring scat belts in school buses. \lItlt’Itstlltlt‘
“IKIIU‘I “IIEIII IIUIP Prevent injuries btrl others said would be little used Scri
|.riida Winikow. ll-ltockland. told some 200 persons at a contciclru'
“9"”“I’I‘50 Ill/“l0 NL'W York Statc School lius Operators Assocrritioiitliat IIIl'
Icg'sml'r” "‘“y rctlllIfL' scat hells despite warning of high costs lit-tarm- "it'll
cum ‘Iwidc “” “my In terms oi cost." She said that in some pit-lions tliIIlIII‘
"n “I‘MI‘hu-‘l Whit!" IIIC legislature had acted erratically and had not I’""'
adequate consideration to costs. “When we decide to l eqiiii'c something “Ur”
least need to consider what it will cost anti whether it is worthit.“slicmltl

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

MAY 5. 1975

 

 

 

 

Women ’3 Clinic Seeks Funding

by Karen Murphy

A revised proposal for a'SUNl'A
women's Iicaltll clinic was submitted
to Dean for Student Affairs Neil
Brown yesterday. following by two
months a roughdraft which outlined
the clinic‘s concept. -

Although it n‘t granted. $22.-
I7U was tentatively agreed upon as a
figure which would he needed IO
cover the center‘s costs.

llrown and outgoing SA Vice
President Kathy llaron. who sub~
mitted the first draft oi the proposal.
said the task now is to iind funding
tor the clinic.

liaron said Brown endorsed the
idea oi the clini '. and said he would
talk to other administrators and
faculty to seek support and iinan»
Hing.

Iht: revised proposal iitcltidcd a
clearer delineation oi the ccntci"s
goals and structure. and included a
stipulation that students be involved
in running tltc clinic.

I he clinic. as it is envisioned. will
pro\idc ccnti'ali/cd. ilicxpcnsiic
health service including general

“In”!
W i
..

w, .

health education, sexuality-related
crisis counseling. gynecologictll care,
and birth control information.

The center will be divided into
three inter-related areas. Baron said.

“I am proposing a health clinic
which will provide gynecological
car‘c. counseling. and a 3 or 4 c 'dit .
course on human sexuality." site
.said. “It will be more or less a
woman‘s clinic. btii there would be
no way we‘d prevent a man irom us:
iilg it."

Baron said c ‘isting health services
don't allow for involvement on the
part of students.

ilood (‘rltieiil

Director oi Student Health Scr<
\ices .Iaiict Iiood "doesn't believe
that lioii-prolcssiorials havcany part
in health scrvtccs." Ilaroii said.

liood couldn't he reached last
night tor comment.

IIlL' pr'oposal submitted to llroltn
yesterday also prolides Ior the es-
tablishlncnt of a Board ol Directors
Itll' the clinic. composed (II two ad-
liiiriistiators. two faculty members.
and liic sllldcnls.

UPS/5C0” AllLMAN

According to student Senator High Hill. the new withdrawal policy bill
will stop in the Senate Executive Committee and then the Senateiloor.

Carey Returns MasterPlan
to Board of Regents

by John Lafayette

A ioiii'-ycar plan for highcrcduca—
'.ioii prepared by the New York State
lloalii ol Regents was criticircd by
hotel iioi Carey last month. who ap-
pio\ctl the plan "with exceptions" in
a lcttci to the Regen s c.\plainiiig
what he saw as the report s shori~
comings.

(iiicy's Icttci‘ cited as ii iiiaior
reason loi' his criticisms Ih .in's
“lack ol agreement aholit the .ip-
piopiiatc iiatuic arid coiitcirt oi the
Master Plan and its lccoinincii-
daliiiris.” 4

Ihc plan.cntitlcd "Statewide I'laii
ioi the Dcvclopmcnt oi Post—
Secondary liducation" and often
iciciicd to as tiic Regents Master
Plan. was prepared in 1970. It is re-
qtiired by law. and mttst outline tllc
goals and plans for higher education
t)\L'I‘ the next lotii' years.

"I believe tlic Masch I’lan should
describe the current setting oi liighci'
education and then: I’roposc goals
and objectives for higher education
to achieve; Describe the best ways to
meet those objectives. with ap-
propriate discussions ol alternatives;
and to identify the programmatic
and liliancial implications ol under-
taking the iccommcndcd actions."
the letter said.

MAY 5, 1978

('aicy said Ilc thought the Regents
plan contained a "broad array and
large number ol i‘ccotiiiiieiidations
I\\IllL’ItI makes the plan diiiicull‘ to
assess."

A progress icporl on the develop.-
mcnt ol the plan. rcqurrcd by law
c\ci'y two years. is now lit-mg
ptcptttcti. cording to Assistant Illi'
I iii\crsity I’lanning Michael
Reynolds. Ihis report will include
changes in the master plan. somc oi
which rcilcct agreements made
between Carey. the Regents arid
SUSY hcloi'c ('arcy made his
slatcriicrits on the plan.

(‘aicy has had the plan since
i\ovcmhcr 1976. but has dclayetl ac-
tion on it wiiilc waiting for another
higher education report to be
c ttalcd. I hat report was prepared
by the Ieiiiporary State lCommis—
sloii on the I‘lltlll’t.’ oi I'ostsccoiidai‘y
I dtication in New York State.

Among the specific areas oi coil~
cci'ii idciitiiied by iCarey in his
criticism of the Regents plan are:
access to higher education by
qririliiicd individuals regardless oi
linancial need; the need for long-
tcl'iii ciirollliicnt predictions and
analysis til tilt: meaning. of those
Iiguies; arid reactions to economic
problems within New York State.

I‘CL‘H for initial visits to the propos-
ed center should be about ten dollars
or less. Baron said. ‘

“But if a woman doesn‘t have the
money. we‘ll cover the expenses."
she said.

l'hc services available now for
women at SUNYA consist of a con-
ti'accptive clinic rtin by Albany
Medical Center Private practicians.
according to Baron. The clinic is
located off—campus. rind costs for an
initial visit are $l7.

A committee at students. formed
by SA. d rcw tip the revised proposal.
I he coininittcctilso came up with the
estimate of the amount of funding
the clinic will require. Ilic figure of
$22.l7(l is almost Sill.lltl(l icss than
in suggested in the earlier report.

Iiaroii said the clinic could be set
tip by this Scptctilhcr. il ltinding is
toiind. lirown said he will meet again
with the committee in about two
weeks. according to Huron.

WW"

lll’S "()WI I5 JACOBS

SA Vtce President Kathy Baron said the task now In to llnd lundlng to
cover the costs tar the proposed SUNYA women's health clinic.

UAC Passes Proposed ’W‘ Policy

by Jill llaber

A new withdrawal policy.
eliminating “W's” from transcripts
httt shortening the drop period Ii'om
tiic current iourtccii weeks to one
week after lilid semester. passcd tiic
Undergraduate Academic Council
oi the University Senate yesterday,

After a stop in the Senate l:.\-
L'L‘llll\L' Committee. the hill willgo to
tile iloor of the Senate at a special
meeting May 15. according to stu-
dcnr Senator llugh Hill. It the
Senate passes the proposal. it will go
liciol'c Acting SUNYA I’i'csideiti
Vincent ()‘I.car) and with his ap—
proval. it would become SURiA
policy.

Air amendment proposed by sill»
dent Senator |.attric (iastwlrth to

lengthen the drop pct iod in the bill to
two weeks after mid semester “as
soundly defeated by UAC.

I he hill wa lmcndcd. however . to
dclctc a provision in it 'issigning the
icgistrai' to gi\c an ' grade to a
strident it an instructor lails to tile a
grade for him. A motion made by
Senator Ivan Stcen striking otit the
slipuallion was passed.

According to the report of the
subcommittee which developed the
bill. the rationale behind rolling
back lhc‘ drop date was that the
current l4 week period "drains un»
ivcrsily I’m-registration. and results
in student decisions to drop courses
based primarily upon anticipated
grades."

llic report states that tiic suhcom~

mittcc felt that "W's" should be
deleted because "there is sortie
evidence that potential schools and
employers do view "W's" negatively.
I he i‘cport referred to a strrvcy ol law
schools taken by SA which showed
that "W's" were detrimental to tid-
mission. -

Sub committee chair John I’ipkin
sire. cd "I'herc is no question that it
[the bill] was a compromise between
stttdents' concerns with short dates
oi the drop period and withdrawals
appearing on transcripts and laeully
feeling that the current drop period
is too liberal."

“I think the bill will pass Senate."
said IIill. "because there is so much
sentiment to roll back IIIL" drop
period."

Curriculum Report May Be Late

by Aron Smith

\ sct oi distribution rcqtiiiciiicnts
proposed in I‘cbi'uary may not reach
the ltnnci'sity scuttle lor approval
ttiitil ncxt lall. according to Iln-
dei'gradiiatc Academic ( oliiicil
('hali (icorgc Martin.

"It Just won't make it." said Mar-
llll. “It seems that a finished prodlict
will not go to the senate this year."

DAV did not reach discussion oi
iIlL' issue at its mcctiiigycstcrday .ac~
cording to Martin.

"We had no concr'ctc proposals to
picscnt." said Martin. "1 hat‘s why it
\\as scheduled to he considered last
today. We expected that other
business would keep its Iillh). and II
did."

“(itials ol a liberal liii»
dci‘gi'aduatc Itdncation." as tiic
liAt"s report is known. will he the
topic oi discussion at Its May ll
meeting. said Martin.

('opies oi the ULUI: report were
sent to members oi “various con-
stitticncics" early last month for
review and comment. It's :‘ccipiciits
included faculty. administrators.
and SA. Although Sunday marked
the deadline for turning recoiiimcii~
dations in to UAC. many still have
not been received.

According to SA Committee to
Review liducational Distribution
(hair Iluglt IIill. DAUs proposal
may reach the Senate this semestcr in
other than its linal lorin. UA" may
pi'cs ‘ views concerning dis—
trihiiii .. .t-qtiircmentstothc Senate
triloiirrally. without diuwing up a
dcliiiitc pitipostll. said Hill.

“I wouldn't be a bit surprised it

t.»\(‘ Curriculum Committee
( hair] IIarold Cannon simply asked
the Senate for its support in the way
it‘s been dealing with distribution r'c-
quii'cincnls. said Ilill. "lie doesn‘t
want to send a special t’cptit‘l alolig
now. bill get the Senate to consent to
the idea. arid work out tiic riitty»
gritty next year."

(iI.III: was humiliated by lI/\("s
(‘urriciiliiiii L'ommiltcc. alter icicc-
ting the hind report ol the Special
Committee to Review the Un-
dcigiatltiatc szpcriencc. Ilic
('iirricrillim ('ominitlcc Iorind fault
\\llIl tlic St'thi: report. and said it
docs not guarantcc a liberal cduca-
lion. contiaiy to its slaicd iirtcii~
tttilts

Si RIII' was composed it time
laciilty mcznhci‘s. all til liicm rip—
poinicd by former SUNI’A Presi-
dent Izmmctt I'iclds in May. l97ti.to
take over tllc duties of the tlcltinct
Committee on Academic Programs.

I he report it released outlined eight
areas in which a ‘liberally cdticritcd
person" should be prolicicnt. Ihcse
goals contended that students
should read anti write lluently. know
something about foreign languages
and cultures. "have a critical ap-
preciation for the ways in which we
gain knowledge rind understanding."
gain experience in dealing with
morals and ethics. be able to subject
information or the criteria objectively.
develop “creative and intelligent"
leisure activities. "achieve depth in
some field of knowledge." and "ac-
quire a lasting taste for the stimula-

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

lion and rewards ailordcd by ven-
turing into new ficldsor modcsol iii-
quiry."

'l he SCRUIi report suggested that
these goals could best be incor-
porated into SUN YA‘s curriculum
by requiring cacii student to take
nine credits of courses in thc two
colleges outside of his or her iiiaior.
lhc I‘CDUI‘I sti'c nccd lor im-
proicmcnt ill student writing skills.
in the undergraduate advisement
process. and in the ﬂexibility at
courses offered. SCRUI: suggested
the implementation oi “Itni\crsity
course. " ‘uch as "'I'hc Use ol
\ombci Ihc ('onccpl oi ln-
lclligciicc.‘ "lime." and "Science
I'iction." Ihesc. according to the
report. would be “specially
tlctciopcd...courscs at particular in»
tci'cst to tire student,"

ItA("s ('tiiriculuni (‘oiiimittec
lourid the SL'thli i‘cpoit too
narrow. since its requirements were
concentrated within the Division oi
Humanities. the Division of Social
Sciences. and the Division of
Natural Sciences and Malliciiiatics.
I'hc Committee felt that any rc-
quircnicnts placed on students in
order to round out the students'
cducatinn should not be limited to
those three are 5. since experience
gained in courses in other SUNYA
schools might profitably be tiscd tc
l'uliill requirements.

(illili serves as a compromise
between the SCRUIi report and its
predecessor. the proposal oi the
Committee for Undergraduate Re-

con/ritual! UH page ﬁve

PAGE THREE

 

