 

“x- W— \__w_~__’—. ~.
I

l
l
l.

 

 

 

 

1‘: vi 

Fer--

       
      

Broomhildn,

hat is a witch'.’ According to

the Encyclopedia of

,' Wile/tom]! and Demonology
' by SUNYA professor and
witchcraft expert Rossel Hope

Robbins, most people conjure up images

of “an old crone out of Walt Disney. with

a peaked hat and a broomstick.
accompanied by a cat, poking her long
bony ﬁngers at her cowering victim.“

This comic-book figure, Robbins
writes. is a “misconception reinforced
every year by the traditions of
Halloween." That established conception

is a composite of folklore legends.

homosapiens. the reasoning man, has
ever upheld" the execution of 200,000
people accused of being witches. '

Witchcraft was a form of religion. a
Christian heresy. l'he practice of it was
treason against (ind, and therefore
justified punishment. including torture
and ltorrible death. “If you are faithless,
you must be executed,“ Robbins said.
" fhe only gimmick here is that you can't
prove it. It‘s all in the mind.“

The person most often accused of
witchcraft would be an “old, very poor
woman scrounging out a living," Robbins
said. "She has no friends, she has no

M94”. _ "up

 

. ..- -~.‘.,,,,.r:::..

_::~:.rn7.':~:'::rr;‘. . ..._. --.......

  

Thnt

lbany has its share ofdark and

stormy nights. It also has such

attributes as a couple of old

and gloomy houses, a few

murders here and there, and
plenty of people with vivid imaginations.
It's a pefcct place for ghosts, and some
have chosen to reside in the area, believe it
or not.

 

Wendell Heddon

Louis C. Jones, ofCooperstown, wrote
a hook with the ominous tittlc: Things
llmt (in Bump in the Night (I959). In it
he recounts a few of the ghost tales
circulating in Albany in musty times past.

Onc story is about a ghost who walks
along the terrace of an old colonial
mansion known as Cherry Hill, far out on
South Pearl Street. The ghost's identity is
uncertain. but it is known that on May 7,
“$87. the manager of the house, John
Whipple, was killed by Mrs. Whipple's
lover. a “good-for-nothing" named Jesse
Strung. Strang developed afriendshipfor
Whipple‘s wife and spent a “truant
weekend" with her. A few days later he
bought a revolver.

“On the night of May 7 he learned that
his mistress‘s husband was in a back room
on the second floor of the main'house,

3CQt3

protectors. She‘s a sitting duck." This
person might be a midwife who had
delivered a dead child. In anger, the
parents might use the midwife as a
scapegoat, assuming “The only reason the
child died is because the midwife did
something to it."

“Witchcraft was an intellectual
aberration, devised by inquisitors with
exceptional powers of torture and
confiscation, and soon taken over and
shared by civil authorities (who vaguely
recognized that witchcraft was a method
of government). An indifferent public
was ruthlessly lashed into believing it,“

 

ereln;

   

 

Go Bu

going over accounts with his employer.
Strang climbed up on the roofoutside the
window and shot through the glass,
killing Whipple instantly. He was quickly
taken, and the trial, a three day wonder,
sent him to the gallows and Mrs. Whipple
to the penitentiary."

The question is, whose ghost makes its
haunts at Cherry Hi“? Is it Whipple or
Strang'! Author Jones concludes it must
be Whipple, since the murdercr‘s ghost
doscn't usually appear at the site unless
the scene is recreated in ghostly fashion.

You've probably heard ghost stories
about mysterious passengers who
disappear into thin air (what other kind of
air is there‘?), but what about this story of
a dissapoearing driver? This tale was told
in the l880‘s.

A man named “Red,‘ worked in Albany
but lived in Kenwood, just south of the
city. Every night as Red walked home
from Work he would be overtaken by a
man driving along in an old-fashioned
buggy. They always spoke to each other
and went their seperate ways.

One dark, stormy night (prime time for
ghosts), the driver offered Red a ride,
which was quickly accepted. “Red tried to
make conversation, but his host gave him
no answers, keeping his face buried inthe
high collar of his coat. After a while,
though. he did turn his face and Red was

nd Prof "‘

claims Robbins Encyclopedia of
Wilt'ltcro/i and Demonology.

Robbins says the prosecution of
witches increases in societies which are
insecure. “When you're secure, you can
tolerate anything," he claims. For
example, the year of the infamous Salem
witch trials, I692, was a troubled one,
filled with political uncertainty,
intolerable taxes, war, land and boundary
disputes, and smallpox, among other
problems. As today's society ﬁnds that
the church and government seem
incapable of solving societal troubles
such as mass unemployment and

.mi‘ﬁm‘mflrﬁ‘ﬂ' ,-
 r ' '2 I, n 

 
 
    

e

 

 l/A a9 SPORTS SUPPLEMENT:

 

 

By Paul Schwartz

he wait is over.

No more quick, discerning
glances at the schedule. The all-
too‘ perceptible asides can now be
shouted aloud. What the Danes

have been building for is now here.
lthaca.

"We based our football program on theirs,”

said Albany co-captain Brad Aldrich. “That

was the program to build for. We want to

show them how far Albany State has come.”
lthaca.

Their statistics are awesome. Undefeated
in eight games. Four shutoutsin their last five
contests. Ranked as the number one team in
the state ~ third in the entire nation. Out-
scored their last two opponents 103-0.

lthaca.

It's a time for superlatives. “They might be
the best team we've ever played,” said Dane
coach Jack Siedlicki. For defensive tackle
Dave Mathis, it is "probably the biggest game
of my life." For the entire program and the un-
iversity itself, it's a first: a regionally televised
sports event on ABC from Bleecker Stadium.

“We must keep all these things in perspec-
tive,” commented Albany head coach Bob
Ford. “We have to get ready for lthaca.
Television will not help us win the ballgame."

The tremendous, unprecedented buildup
for tomorrow’s Albany-Ithaca College

  

 

a

 

 

 

 

matchup only helps add to what was already
a classic confrontation. The Danes, still
continued on centerfold

In an interview, Robbins explained
that the idea that witches fly on brooms is
of British origin. Previous to this myth, it
was thought that a goal or horse could

    
  
   

transport a witch through the air.
However, when it was discovered that

many accused witches were too poor to

own such livestock, the broom, found in
every household, hecarnc the accepted
method. The traditional black cape and
peaked hat is similar to the l7th-century
Welsh costume worn by all women, in
varying shades of brown, black, or gray.
the witch is pictured as wearing black,
the traditional color ot evil.

(ioing beyond the traditional
Halloween image, then. whal Is a Witch, in
reality'.’ Ask an expert.

Robbins defines a Witch as “a person
titan or woman who has made a pact,
an agreement, with the Christian Devil to
overthrow the (.‘hristian God."

'What was, or is, witchcraft? It was
much more than the craft of “an old
weather-beaten erotic, leaning on a staff,
hollowed-eyed, untoothcd, going
mumbling in the streets." Otherwise,
Robbins explained in his book, Europe
would not have suffered, for three
centuries, from l450 to I750, the
shocking nightmare, "the foulest crime
and deepest shame ofwestern civilization,
the blackout of everything that

 

Professor Roeeel Robblne Is a wltchcralt expert as well as a Middle Engllah scholar. (Photo- Mark Halek)

l

  

Ithaca’s Race To

 

hey have been no less
than awesome while
barreling their way to an

explosive offense and a
denying defense holding opponents
scoreless four times. Each foe has
been crunched aside in their path
and then readily encompassed into

College football team.

()1in once has the Bomber margin
of victory fallen below the lOApoint
level and five victories have been lit-

inethodical, almost simple manner
of their triumphs have laid evidence
to vast domination. Currently they
are ranked third in the country and
tops in the east, soaring into Satur»
day's Albany State game.

"I really couldn’t ask for much
more than we've gotten so far this
season," said a confident lthaca

mach Jim Butterfield, now in his
l21h year as the Bombers' leader. "I
know Albany is ready for us; we
respect and expect for every ball
club to be that way against us. They
were the playoff team last year and
we've gotta beat them on thefield."

Butterfield's reference was to last
year's Dane bid to the NCAA Divi-
sion lll playoffs. Albany carried an 8-
l intn‘k into the tournament and
Ithaca stayed home at 6-3, although
the two schools never met in '77.
fire Bombers did receive title berths
Ill both '74 and '75 when they
entered the finale undefeated and
lost both times. ‘-

“We want to beat thernjust as bad
as they want to beat us," said lthaca
fullback Matt Mecs, the team's
leading rusher. "The game should be
the best matchup in upper New
York State all season. Our coaches
are keeping us contained early in the
week. but we'll start to get psyched
Wednesday and be sky-high by
Saturday."

Glory Receives A Challenge

Thus far, the Bombers have been
able to virtually waltz through the
schedule and consequently the so
eond and third stringers have gained
valuable playing time. "We're a pret-
ly close-knit learn," says sophomore
split end Jim Meyer. "Having the
substitutes play a lot keeps
everybody happy and also gives us

experience at all positions."

There is somewhat of a rivalry
between the schools; but a rather
lopsided one at that. Ithaca won the
innaugural in '75, 33-0 and took the
second the following year, 24-0 in the
only two meetings. , That means
Albany has never scored a point off
the Bombers which may explain the
frustration at last year's Dane selec-
tion to post-season play.

"Looking at it realistically, there is
no doubt that Albany deserved the
shot last year," said senior safety
and All-American Scott Colton. “I
think we were just a little frustrated
that we never met them on the field

continuedon centerfold

