 

tuner:

.11 4. - ...,.4—wr ‘ o. W. . 7

x-‘ c

at?

   
   

' by Vadu- ouatcs — , , 1 -

As a last resort in my senior year. before |
leave this f‘imtitution of higher learning.” I am
voicing my thoughts and feelings about this
school's food service. After six semesters of
working in the cafeteria in positions of
lineserver, waitress. salad maker. and dish
crew, I would like to say a few things to the
student body which I serve:

As a waitress — I am tired of being a maid
for all you people who leave trays and dishes
on tables. empty sugar wrappers, napkins.
dirty glasses. etc. wherever you damn well
please.

As a member of the dish crew — I am tired
of pulling apart dishes cemented together with
peanut butter. glasses crammed with ten to
ﬁfteen napkins. or dish pyramids that collapse
when touched. I am also sick of trying to grab
twenty different plates, saucers and glasses off
of one tray because you couldn't make up your
mind which you wanted. so you took all you
saw.

As a sandwich maker — l‘m tired of
watching one person (who is usually
overweight to begin with) come back for six
BLT‘s with mayo and toast and swiss cheese,
"What no swiss? OK. I'll have american, and I
could I have some extra BLT on the side with
extra cheese and some pickles too?" Don‘t
bother to say thank you . . .

As a dessert girl — lt disgusts me to see
somebody take ﬁfteen to twenty cookies and
leave the empty dishes for someone else to pick

up. . .

l Wab'il't hired to do and .1 will never be a
maid for the people who come down those
steps into the dining hall. I will keep busting
people‘s asses to bring back their plates. to
wait for "seconds," and to get up off their asses
and help themselves. It seems to me that the
majority of students had parents who gave
them a clean plate every time they wanted a
second helping. and let them eat until they
literally could eat no more.

As l'm sure happens to other workers on
other quads, people on Dutch Quad. where I
work. attack me personally for the way the
food looks and tastes. Well, SCREW YOUl l
didn't cook it! When people come throughthe

adE’

line, 1 ant told to “FmileP‘but after all I've seen
of the pigs and slobs and snobs at this school,l
realize there‘s nothing to smile about. I realize

the people I come into contact with in thisjob _
will always be around to deal with and that‘s.

depressing as hell.

in the past‘three and half years at this
school, I have heard just about every
complaint under the sun about our friendly
food service. I just have one question: “How
do you expect the caliber of food to change if
you. as students, offer no evidence of manners.
common courtesy or deservance of mutual
courtesy?"

Standing behind the line may look easy, but
I can tell you it's not. l go to classes while you
all do too. but while you are back in your room
sitting around bullshitting or whatever. l'm
standing on my feet forthree hours. It‘s not the
physical stress that tires and annoys me, but
rather the mental frustration of making thirty
sandwiches in a row without even a thank you,
being told l'm a bitch, that l should “stick it
between my legs." or even having food and
boxes of cereal and dishes thrown at me. And
then someone will come along and say.
“How‘s it going/I“ and I laugh inside and say.
"Okay."

Will things around this place ever change? I
doubt it. Students at this school are often very
ignorant of the efforts made at this institution
not only by fellow students who are cafeteria
workers. but also cooks. bus drivers. cleaning
ladies. janitors. check cashing women. etc.
The list could go on forever. ‘

I know from my experience of being
involved with other cafeterias ofstatc schools.
private and even overseas universities. the
UAS food service is not quite as bad as
students make it out to be. However, I would
agree there is some problem. But i believe the
problem is the actions and attitudes conveyed
by the students‘ overeating. lack of
cooperation in tidiness and basic human
consideration in interacting with those who
must serve the students here at the university.

Anyone who really disagrees with my
viewpoint. I challenge to serve as a cafeteria
worker for a month or so and see his or her
reaction to the existing situation.

 

L“

    
   

 
 
  
 

pﬂsonbi
tesers

To the Editor:

l am wondering if anyone has considered
the connection between the reaction to recent
disturbances at State prisons and the capital
punishment issue.

According to the Department of
Corrections, the recent disturbances at
Coxsackie were prompted by a curtailment of
the education program. The response to this
problem has been more guards. more
regimentation, and a call for longer sentences.
At the same time. elected officials are calling
for an end to rehabilitation efforts. Volunteer
programs which provide community
involvement in the system are being
discouraged. Doesn‘t one attitude feed the
other? If we don‘t have the will to help our
problem people then the alternative is to
punish them. If that doesn't work, then the
next logical step is to eliminate them.

The last step is cheaper. It rids us of some of
our problems and we don't have to worry
about these people hurting anyone again. But.
when we choose the route of punishment and
killing. we harm and even kill our own will to
do anything for these people. Men and women
in prison are sometimes called "losers." It
seems that unless more people speak against
the present trend. all of us will be the losers.

SUNYA Chapel House

own
ephaph

To the Editor:

Regarding the letter to the editor entitled
“Required Courses". (ASP. Feb. 28. 1978). we
feel that the anonymous author should have
taken a course or two in formal logic and paid
loser attention in his English Composition

 

 

 

 

 

 

FEIFFER

,‘r

, class before undertaking his denunciation of

course requirements. The letter, laden with
punctual and grammatical errors and an
absurd sort of logic. contradicts its author‘s
fundamental claim, This is surprising. having
been written by one so “totally proﬁcient in
the use of the English language.“ indeed. his

indictment is his epitaph.

In his letter. the writer manages to
generalize' the professors of academic
departments other than his own as being
undependable and uncaring. He Considers
drama “boring”. He Views courses thut haw,-
“nothing to do with [his] major" its “at waste of
time." He can speak the language of a
computer, yet cannot formulate n logical
argument or speak correct English.

Is this a healthy attitude for at student his
major university? And is it rcpresentuutc of a
majority at SUNYA'.‘ We sincerely hop.- not.

The goal of a university is. 01 should he. to
liberally eduacate individuals so than the) my
be able to function well in society in .1 ohms.
not simply within the narrow conltnu ut unc't
own profession.

i:Li\\illti lennox
\Vuutlt \lliit‘l
Ill. \\t')lllillln

punk
rock

To the Editor:
In the review of the Elm ('ustullu concert.

Dennis Sheycr failed to consider [he class of

performers he was writing bout. [its opening
group. Will Alexander and the Mount Itomn
Band. is far from “basic rock" but |ll\lL'ilti ii
poor imitation of punk rock. lhcu L‘ilnltlt.‘ ut
songs. written by established punk tut-let's to
concoivable reason for choosing hurl punk
rockers as a warm-up group would he ll they
were precedinggood punk rockers l t limust
have realized this in arranging Itll the pun
lam in no way however culltngt mtullti a
punk rocker. He has lungsinccprmul httnscll
worthier than that label although wine tllllCh
intermittently still use that term to tlcxt’llhlng
his music. Elvis Costello is instead .tltcctcd.
but not a product. of the Ncu “me Ill

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

“over the People’s Republic of China detects a
ﬂock of ICBM’s headed toward scattered

 

wmmwv -«d-‘I "

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

      
   
  
  
  
   
   
 
  
  
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
   

‘Missles Sighted
Over New York’

Imagine this: Governor Carey is delivering
the keynote address at apolitical convention
in Kuwait. Suddenly, an aide informs him
that aﬂect of Soviet battlecruisers has been
sighted off the coast of Long Island. The
governor rushes off to a nearby phone
booth, dials a special, unlisted number, and
within five minutes is Speaking on a radio

 

“a .. :cv p A ..

     
   
     
   
 
 
   
   
   
  
   

  

and TV network giving him almost blanket
coverage ofthe state of New York. 'e;

N ‘Eéi‘f'f‘z "

  

Or perhaps this: a radar satellite passing

targets in the US In New York State, 700
government officials, aides and staff
personnel are immediate] y ushered inside the
Emergency Operations Center in Albany to
.s'tt/ct/y run the state and implement
evacuation of major target areas.

  
 

‘24Q_ ,,u,.

 

  
    
 
 

_s

             
    
    
  
    
  
    
  

see centerfold

‘bs

.

  

0 Art Gallery

 

 . H.7-‘b mgr ..

3a

0 Aztec Two Step
38

o Mischief Mime .
2a  "

0 Records
7a

 

