 

. . - w~_——m

rur—‘V AW" M\ W. M. ~—



 

 

Israel Strengthens West Bank

TEL AVIV, ISRAEL (AP) The Israel- Egyptian peace drive was
shaken yesterday when Israel announced it is strengthening
existing Jewish settlements in the West Bank in apparent
pique at the United States. and Egypt said it may recall its
Washington peace negotiators for consultations. Secretary
of State Cyrus K. Vance issued a statement in Washington ‘
saying the Carter administration wits “deeply disturbed” by
the Israeli move. which he called a “very serious" matter.
Israeli Foreign Minister Moshe Dayan acknowledged that
the settlements decision may "make it more difﬁcult“ to
reach ﬁnal agreement with Egypt on a peace treaty. Prime
Minister Mustafe Khalil told reportersin Cairo a recall of tile .

. Egyptian negotiators would be“purely routine.” But it would
rule out the scheduled resumption of the peace talks Friday
in Washington. In another development today. Syria and
Iraq signed a‘charter forjoint national action" to oppose the
Camp David peace framework agreed to by Egypt and Israel.
The alliance is particularly signiﬁcant because it ends a long
bitter feud between the rival factions ofthe Baath Socialist
Party that rule the two Arab neighbors. Israeli government
ofﬁcials said the decision to expand Jewish settlements in the
West Bank ofthe Jordan River was tirade in angry reaction to
statements made privater by Undersecretary of State
liarold Saunders over the future of the Palestinian-
populated zone.

Pope Interested in Mideast

VATICAN CITY (AP) Pope John Paul It turned his
attention yesterday to tire conﬂict in Lebanon. tltc only
regional crisis he has mentioned publicly since his election
last week. The pope scheduled a 45-minute working session
with French President Valery Giscard d'listaing at the
Vatican for a general review ofthe Middle East situation.
The focus. however, will be on the Lebanese crisis. which
both the Vatican and France have followed with particular
concern. The pontitf‘s predecessor - John Paul I - reportedly
had planned to ntakc a trip to Lebanon to underscore his
personal commitment to the settlement ofthe internal strife.
llte Sacred College ofCardinals. which ran the affairs ofthe
church during the interegnum between John Paul I's death

 

 

ﬁLwIn-ld news bﬂéfg '

‘to guidelines approved by the Cabinet Wednesday.

ert. 28 and John Paul ll's election Oct. to. twice appealed declined to he named.cstimated that Vietnam now has about

ﬂ

,I00.000 ﬁghting men in position to push dub" into
Cambodia if Hanio decides on such a move. Thc
reinforcements are said to have arrived in southern Vietnam
from the north within the last month. The Vietnamese are
reportedly ineffective control ofan irregular strip oftenitory
on the Cambodian side ofthe border. However. most ofthcir
units are deployed in five Vietnamese provinces within
take “new instructions“ to Washington yesterday to revise Striking distance of Climbgdm. thc‘ souli’lces said. Figming
the draft peace treaty with Egypt but they won‘t “ovcrturn between the two one-time prrltgflrgmstt‘ a .75 . n begs.“ an”
the apple cart." He told an Israeli TVinterviewerthathe and Ihelf INdOCthSC VICIOI'ICS 0 - as is owed during the

' ' ‘ " ason but U.S. intelligence sources 5;; m
i ' Wetzman would ne otrate according ritmy SC . I ' t y c
Defense Minister Ezer 5 Vietnamese have been conducting battalion-sued syvecps

while Cambodian troops have staged small hit-and-run
attacks into Vietnam.

for peace in Lebanon. The church recently receiyed a plea
from Lebanese Christians seeking the church 5 help in
putting an end to the internal strife.

Dayan to Revise Treaty

JERUSALEM (AP) Foreign Minister Moshe Dayan was to

“Whatever we achieve will be brought back to Israeli and
only what the Israeli government tinallwy approves. thdl
constitute the final agreement,“ he said.“ e are convince . t
that the guidelines we received can serve as a basis for Calldldates Ask  of Stars
reaching an agreement with the Egyptians." He‘gave no
specifics. Neither did Justice Minister Shmuel Tamtr. one of
IS Cabinet members who approved Prime Minister
Mcnachem Begin‘s amendments after three days of closed-
door discussions.

NEW YORK (AP) The state's gubernatorial candidates.
worried that an apathetic public is ignoring their raw. mm.
turned to the help of party stars. Gov. Hugh (“my
campaigned in Harlem on Wednesday with Sen. Edward
Kennedy. phalanxes of television crews in tow. And at a mid-

town subwa stop. Perry Duryea had the hand-shakin
      assistance ofystate Attorney General Louis Lefkowitr. Ion:
the best Republican vote-getter in the state. Also in the group
was Sen. Jacob Javits. and Lefkowitz regaled prtssers-hy;
"See. you get three in one for the same price.“ Kcnncdy
praised Carey for his early support of his brothers. .lolrn and
Robert. and called tltc governor “a man ofcompassion" and
a "national asset."

WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter plans to send
Secretary of State Cyrus R. Vance to Geneva next month for
another round of strategic weapons limitation talks with
Soviet l‘oreign Minister Andrei A. Gromyko. according to
U.S. sources. The idea is to try to complete a treaty and have it
signcd at a summit meeting by Carter and Soviet President
Leonid l. lire/linev before the end of the year. The treaty
would limiteachcountrytoatotalof2.2505trategic bombers    
rtrrd intercontinental ballistic missiles. Soon after
completion. U.S. and Soviet negotiators would get to work
on a follow-up treaty with further cutbacks. After the last
round oftalks. in Moscow earlier this week. a numbcrofkey
issues remain unsettled. They include the range limitations to
be placed on land-and sea-launched U.S. cruise missiles and
tire details for restricting new weapons on both sides.

Heavier Fighting in Vietnam

WASHINGTON (AP) Vietnam has sent l0.000 to 15.000
reinforcements to its army facing Cambodia amid
expectations of intensified fighting within the next few
weeks, U.S. intelligence sources say. These sources. who

LAKE GEORGE. N.Y. (AP) A spectacular llrc dcttroycd
the old. three-story Lake George Hotel early yesterday {Ix
lircmern from seven companies fought in brisk winds to kccp
llarrtcs from spreading to other woor-frame buildings on the
main street of this resort village. The wood-framed lrotcl.
Lake George‘s oldest. was reduced to rubble within an hour
as hundreds of residents and late season tourists \tatchcrl
front a nearby park. Warren County sheriff‘s tlUplIItt'\
reported no injuries. Village police believed the ltotcl \\tl\
closed for the season. with only a section that houst it t:t\t‘tn
still in use. Families living irt apartments in a nearby buulhnp
also contairting a boutique and an antique shop uctc
evacuated by firemen at the height of the blaze which could
be seen for miles around.

 

'

 

fﬂmua L. , _  ,- .. . .
0n the Campaign Trail

While the “Friends of Governor Carey" are happy to
announce that SUNYA students Mary Ann Vicki and Steve
Lango will coordinate a Carey campaign effort here. a press
release from the Perry Duryea side of the tracks calls for
Carey to stop recruiting campaign workers on college
campuses.

The Carey campaign press release maintains that the
governor believes in the importance of student support and
involvement. But “Young New Yorkers for Duryea" leader
.loel Friedman charges that Carey is soliciting campaign
workers in Political Science classes at SUNYA. and calls this
“unprecedented invasion of the University by politicians."

And so it goes in election years . . i

More on the Trail

Candidates for the 281h Congressional district race will
appear on campus to espouse their views on the issues. Today
at I 1:00 a.m. Republican Paul Tocker will be on hand in the
Campus Center Ballroom for an informal discussion. Rick
Hind. the liberal candidate. will speak in Lecture Center
Four Monday at 8:00 pm. The candidates' appearances are
a being sponsored by NYI'IRG, which is planning to invite
Socialist candidate Diane Shur and incumb'ant Democrat
Sam Stratton to campus in the near future.

End to Poster Pollution?

Central Council member Rob Michaels has come up with
a plan Ire feels might keep students moreinformed. clear up
some of the poster pollution on the podium. and save some
money besides'  establishing well-ordered and frequently
updated bulletin boards on all ﬁve quads. l-ic'ii testing the
idea on his own Colonial Quad and will be talking to

 

 

 

 

residence rind administration to find funding for plexiglass
covers for boards on all the quads. Groups sponsoring events
for students would send posters and information to the SA
office. which would relay it to the quads. Target date for
establishing the boards is before Thanksgiving.

Spanish Speaker’s Special I

llablasespanol'! Native speaking students will him:
theonwrtunitvtoimprovctheirreadingand writingabtlitics
in Spanish l05 this spring semester. Graduate assistant
Wilma Feliciano, herselfa native speaker. will teach the four I
crdeit course which meets Tuesdays and Thursdays from
II:|0 am to I2225 pm. l

According to Professor

Francine Frank who Is

 

coordinating the course, Feliciano attended a spcctiil
institute sponsored by the National Endowment for the’
Humanities a? New Mexico State University on the
techniques of teaching native speakers and l:l,‘llt:liliit) has
assembled special materials for the course.

After completing this course. students will be placed III the

Overtaxed

III a f'irst—of-a-kirtd lawsuit. the New York Public interest
Research Group (NYPIRG) is charging Albany City
Assessor Bruce McDonald and members of the Board of
Assessment Review with determining property assessments
illegal and unconstitutionally. NYPIRG staffattorney Mark
l.itwak said the assessor rarely actually i aspects property. but
assesses by looking at the ratings of other properties in the
same neighborhood. and this results in inequities.

While State law requires uniform assessments throughout
Albany. NYI‘IRG claims that a studyit made found that 71
percent of houses were inaccurately assessed. In addition to
NYI’IRG. several local homeowners are taking the assessor
to court.

Bawdy Burglary

It seems that when two burglars found no cash at the
‘ SUNY at Stony Brook bookstrore. they settled for what was
handy windbreakcrjackcts. prophylactics. and the latest
issues of Playboy and 0m magazines. According to the
Stony Ilrook Statesman. the burglars heaved a rock through
a bookstore window at about 3:00 a.m. chrtesday.0ct. Ill,
and finding no ready cash. stuffed a dufﬂe bag with loot and
then crawled back out of the window. Stony Brook Police
believe the culprits are not university students. but probably
amateur theives. and youths at that. It caught. fire
perpetrators lace up to seven year prison terms for their
cscapade, 'I'hc bookstore manager estimated the value ofthe
stolen goods at around $I00.

    

Professor Francine Frank la coordlnatlng a course for l
natlvs Spent-h speakers. (Photo: Carolyn SodanCl‘)

 

 

 

{sunya news briefsyﬁ

 

 

k
PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

OCTOBER 27. 197“

 

 

 

j" SASU"Motr'es'to“Gain support f

by Charles Ilell

SASU Vice President Ed Roths-
tcin has expressed conﬁdence that
SASU's new emphasis towards be-
ing responsive to the needs ofthe in-
dividual SUNY campus will stop the
recent exodus of schools from the
organirations and hopefully bring
new schools into the fold.

The deadline for j students
governments to decide whether they
are going to financially commit
themselves to SASU is November I.
and while a number of major cam-
puses will not be joining. Rothstein

L‘i/l'lor'x .Vorc: ’I'hr'nl in a Juries on
SuiSl/ lllt'lIl/lt‘l,t'llf,).

said that some previously "isolated"
SUNY campuses are now showing
interest in membership.

SUC at Oswego, which had
dropped out of SASU in I975. has
recently committed itself to
membership on a one-semester ex-
perimental basis. Rothstein added
that SUC at Old Westbury has also
become more closely associated with
SASU.

“Previous SASU Presidents have
liked to spend theirtimc in meetings
with the SUNY Board of Trustees."
said Rothstein. whereas current
SASU President Steve Allinger
"prefers to deal with students on the
campus Icvel.“

Allinger explained that his own

SA Legal Aid Services
Names New Attorney

by Michele Israel

Albany attorney Lewis Oliver has
been hired by SA to work on a pan-
tirne basis with SUNYA Legal Aid
Service

According to SA President Paul
Feldrnan. Oliver's annual salary will
be $7.500. That is the same amount
legal services previously paid the
firm of Rosenblum and Leventhal
for similar services. $5.000 willcome
from Legal Services and 52.000 from
Central Council.

“The pay is not very much but it‘s
a way for me to start a provate prac-
tice and work with students". ex-
plained Oliver.

Oliver. who is currenty teachingat
Albany Law School. will work a
total of 500 hours per semester. A
rrrinimurn of eight hours a week will
be devoted to office time and the
remainding hours will be for
research. explained Feldman.

Although ()liver has begun work
irt SUNYA. his hours will be more
flexible at‘tcr he leaves his position at
«\lhtlll)‘ Law School.

“I rcnd III the paper thatrtposition
\\ its open and it wasattractivc to me.
It's an ttIlL'tL'Slltlg idea to work with
students. making sure they don't get
loulcd irp by pritltlcrrts ltl\t.‘ getting

involved with university police or
problems in jail.“ said Oliver.

()livcr will work in areas of
criminal. constitutional. and civil
law. lie will consult students on
problems such as off-campus hous-
ing coldcs. criminal offenses. and
election laws.

According to Fcldman. Oliver was
chosen from four finalists inter-
viewed by the Legal Services Task
l‘orcc. chaired by Dave Ruffo. “We
negotiated with a number of at-

torneys. but the original ones weren't
working well. We couldn‘t agree on
the responsibilities ofa part-time at-
torney". said Feldman.

From I972 to I976. Oliver was a
trial lawyer in Manhattan and
argued approximately 24 felony
cases including rapes. robberies. ar-

sons, and kidnappings.

Oliver will be working with Legal
Aid Services attorney Jack Lester.
discussing problems such as trials
and student voting rights. “We want
a solid quality legal service that will
work with students on the wholc.“
said l“eldrnan.

“I have experience in criminal law.
labor law. negotiations. family law.
and civil and constitutional law. I‘m
well rounded." srtid ()Iivcr.

experience as a Student Union‘
organizer a_t SUCGeneseo proved to
him the value of operating on a local
level.

SUC at
Association President Mike
Hastrich said that SASU's new ap-
proach has inﬂuenced his campus in
reconsidering membership.

"I think that SASU‘s leadership is
now more representative of the
SUNY system as a whole." said
llastrich. He explained that
previous administrations have taken
a more “radical and militant" ap-
proach to lobbying in the state
capitol arid were therefore less effec-
tive.

SUC at Oswerzo_SA Vice President
Scan Murray said his school had
withdrawn from SASU in I975
because of what was considered
“poor leadership" and political
maneuvering by the larger cam-
poses.

Murray predicted that “things
look good for SASU in the future"
and that the one-semester trial
period will give SASU the oppor-
ttrttity to prove to Oswego that
membership is worth the full $5000
dues. .
SUNYA's membership in SASU
was left open by CcntralCouncil last
spring pending a consideration of
the organil.ittion's effectiveness.

Central Council Parliamentarian
Mark Borkowski said that Council
was hesitant to commit the
mernbersltip fee to SASU because of
the claim that SASU was not doing
the best possible job.

SASU delegate David Gold said
that Allinger‘s election as president

.I.

Cortland Student V.

 

 

Conant SASU President Steve Alltnger said that he prefers to work
wlth students on the lndlvldual campus Isvst. (Photo: Laura Vlacual)

last June created a favorable impres-
sion and inﬂuenced the decision to
go ahead with SASU membership.

Gold said that SASU was having
financial problems at the time. and
that it was “silly to play politics with
SASU over our membership."
" Mcrrtbersltip is SASU is too impor-
tant a thing to this campus to
withhold the money."

Allinger said that the proximity of
SIJNYA to SASU‘s Albany head—
quarters ltas contributed to a strong
participation by SUNYA students.
lie said that SASU‘s last three Vice
Presidents have come from SUNYA

and that a majority of SASU interns
are SUNYA students. ‘SUNYA
forms part of a locus of support and
stability." said Allinger. “SUNYA
has some of the best student leaders
in the state and they tend to take
their jobs deadly serious."

Allinger also said that SUNYA's
proximity to SASU has sometimes
led to the reﬂection of this campus'
viewpoints in general SASU policy.

“Albany has sometimes been used
as a laboratory school. as we often
bounce proposal and letter—writing
campaigns off SUNYA to test
response." said Allinger.

Fire Safety Ofﬁcers to Be Hired

by Debby Smith

The SIINYA Public Safety
Department will add a full time lire
safety technician and radiation of-
ficer to its ranks and has stepped-up
its fi nc prevention efforts. according
to Assistant Director of Public Safe-
ty Karl Scharl.

“ l be new position for a fire sater

SUN YA Buys Nautilus Equipment

by Marie (’rirtissol

SIINYA is spending a $l9.000
grarrl on Nautilus equipment to im-
provc the weight training facilities
here. I he cqtriprrrcrit. designed tocx-
et‘cisc muscles by providing
resistance to them. will be delivered
some time this semester.

The grant is from the NY State
Task Force on Sports. SUNYA

 

 

Physical Iiducation Instructor, Bar~
barn Paint. a tncrrrber of the Task
l orcc. said she emphasized that
women wrll be using the equipment
\tltcn shc tirade the request.
Suited Needs

Currently SUNYA owns a univer-
sal gym that has been here since the
school was built. according to Coach
Mike Motta. Motta said that buying

Physical Educatlon Chalr Edith Cobane sold that many women are
hesitant to use weight fralnlng equipment. (Photo: Stove ngro)

OCTOBER 27. 1978

   

thc Nautilus machines “best suited
the immediate needs.“ Motta has
trained women‘s teams in using the
weight room and said he has spoken
with the figure control classes. He
hopes that more wornert will use the
new equipment.

Chair of the Physical Education
Department Edith Cobane said
many women “feel hesitant about us-
ing the weight room by themselves."
but added that more women were
getting used to using the universal
gym. The Physical Education
Department hopes to introduce a
course to encourage more men and
women to use the equipment. she
said.

Student Business

Currently about I5 percent ofthe
members of Nautilus Total Con-
ditioning rtt Colvin Avenue, a
private company using Nautilus
cquipmcnt. arc SUNY/t students.
()wncr Joe Kos/ said he does not an-
ticipate that the SUNYA purchase
will liuit his business. His center has
it rrrorc complete litre of Nautilus
machines Iltan Sl'NYA will haw.
rind lItIlIIt‘H strpcrvisu the wot kotrts,
lrc «trill. Rtm/ Icels as more students
llL‘L‘UIIIL' exposed to Nautilus they
\\ lll want to use the more spccralilcd
equipment; he alsoanlicipatcs work-
ing Irrorc closely with Coach Mottrt,

technician is now in Civil Service.
and we are awaiting their appgoval
. . . A radiation safety officer will be
hired within the next two weeks."
said Scharl.

SUNYA has never had a fulltime
l-irc Safety 'Icchnician due to dif-
ficulties in getting a budget line. ac-
cording to Assistant l‘ire arid Safety
Marshall John A. R_ootes.

SIJNYA has also taken steps to
improve and update its fire preven-
trorr systems arid safequards.

Iiach suiteroom vestibule on In-
dian Quad will have smoke/heat
detectors installed when they are
delivered in 3-5 weeks. The first
seven ﬂoors of Mohawk Tower have
already had new detectors installed.
according to Scharl.

“'I‘hcse take time to put up. When
they corrte I'm going to make every
effort to request that they be in-
stalled when they arrive." he said.

Installation of pictograph signs,
which will tell students what to doin
case of fire. and fire exit signs inside
of every suite door should begin dur-
ing the mid-winter recess. according
to Scharl.

In order to cut down on false
alarms, metal covers with glass in-
serts and a hanging hammer were
purchased to cover the existing
si ngie station fire alarms that require
only one action to activate them.
Scliarl said that metal covers will
Irpr prevent false alarms because
they require two actions to activate
tIicm (breaking llrc glass and pulling
the alarm) and this will take more
time.

“ I he concern that l have for false
the alarms is that the students
llt't'lllttt: apathetic. Iltat titre time it
could be it real fire. a student till say
‘l'rn not going too rush like I usually
ilo‘. and something may happen. All
Indications are that we should be
receiving tlrerrr |thc metal covers] irt

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

3—4 weeks and we'll try to get them up
during the winter recess." said
Scharl.

Rooter; said that SUN YA does not
provide the funds necessary to get-
ting the wlrole job done.

“They've done quite a bit. but
there’s more to be done. This portion
of budget that they allow for these
materials is not sufficient." he said.

The local fire departments are not
tanrilar cnouglt with they every day
conditions of the campus. and not
enough emphasis is put on firedrills.
tire training. arid fire prevention. ac-
cording to Rootcs,

The McCuIlenville Fire Dept. held
two fire drills in the spring of 1977.
Indian Quad. the Commisary. the
Power Plant. and the Physical
Education Building were covered in
the drill. The Albanv Fire Dept. is
responsible for ﬁre coverage of the
rest of SUNYA. and familiarized
themselves in I976, conductinga fire
safety demonstration for staffon the
Downtown campus late last spring.
Both departments have drills
scheduled for this spring.

Scharl said that most of the fire
safety violations on campus are
minor ones.

Housing violations were created
by residence staff storing fruniturc in
the fallout shelters located on each
quad. installations of sprinkler
systems in the dormitory fallout
shelters whould begin next fall.

SUNY at Stony Brook has two
ftrlltimc Fire Safety Mainterrcnce
Personnel. who are responsible for
keeping fire extinguishers ready for
arty crrtcrgcncy. according to Fire
Safety Icclirriciurr at SUNY
Stonyln'ook Jolrri l’tttlles.

l'otrlcs described frequent ﬁre
prevention demonstrations during
which actual fires set by the Fire
Safety llcpt. are ptrt out by par-

tlt'iprttmg staff members.

PAGE THREE

