   

. ~f . . u
. utM—wuww ‘
,_—~,vm.$.; WWW.

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

  

' at

l9SQnailS

Foctichel'nfa-elinn,
phone cal 436-7740 «4624411

 
*  Band
trauma
Gum: thy-Smdayl-‘eb. 19

t

 

 

 

or

.m::

THEY Fl."

it in-

~Lu1~la1_

 

 

 

What can you on with only a moralors degree?
Now more is a way to bridge the gap between an

 

undergraduate education and a Challenging, responsible
sweet. The Lawyer‘s Assrstant ts ante to do um trad»

riot-rally done by lawyers.

Three months ol intenseve training can gnre you the
skills—the courses are taught by lawyers You obtuse
one at the seven courses ottoman—{moose the any in

which you want to work.
Since

mo, The institute for Paralegal Training has

placed m than 2,020

ind Wims in over Cities.

duates tn law firms, banks.

ll you are a same: ol nigh madam-c standing and are
interested in a career as a Lawyer‘s Assistant we‘d like

tomeetyou

Wotan»

Paralegal Tn

VQ I‘ll] \‘tSll )‘Oul CW5 OTT

mnldeS

The Institute for

Comm your comm! Oil’le lot an mterwew with out

at Soon: "to Sun-at, nun-mimic. Poruwyrtlum mm
my, mm

mm by 'erotog-t,

PAGE TWO

"I;

  

     
    
   
   
    
     
    
   
 
  
 
   

ALBANY  P3388

manna

Mg II. 

hum .

W’CDB—FM may begin trial
broadcasting tomorrow over
“SonAM (Wt, itsanicrcuncnt

mm

WCDB Genital Manager Paul
Roian said he boom trial
immide mo: AM nil] reduct lb:
number of tannin-u problems that
occur alum maul broadcasting on
‘A'CDB-FM lbs-gin};

Tlhcircmirwuprumtb‘naitingfor
Wagon 1cm Authorization [tom
that Fﬁﬂtrlll Communications
Gammiimicm. uh: Kim! 30-24de to
Mint Warming on lb! FM
mutt-ck.

The mid! boondataing mil zlso
gnu tltl: lutma's Half an
mpg-mm) to rats: lb: equipmnt in
at bunndwn  trim: the line!
FM limit-on at toner through.
R'cmamiul Jud

“Winn that maxi-12.2mm: comes.
will much "to ma. m1 :Qulpl‘ntm
lot "ctr: AM‘ omitting .19 ' Kostnthal
mil. “At t‘tu post id: can ntirallju

  
  

13mm it mum: 171d will ft: on lhc
tut ”

Tm ambanum»: is
within a wad. 1’ all 901‘s
Rm:an sand

The fCC gem: 3L \\ 4t
put‘mtutnmt lam you to bend lf:
radio institutes. The human "will be
WDI‘LKDP for it short an: under J
temporary lineman. mo nth bc
granted a ﬁrming-n: 1-2:»: utter
l':‘\‘I:‘\A h} the FCC

Distribution of
flu ands Owned

by 0mm Lend
Sn udsm 1m. with tum-m .1:‘
on and aim-mt list-mt- and m in: Ola
Cgmpus lounge ton 5:3 t.‘
rim-mp1 to room: 1

  

 
   

 

'rttxcuilgzmmd cards. a:
\ittr Frustth Lem}

BATE-D sud the: r. tn: pa.» 3.:
hundred mu'dl u'ti'.’ not path: up
can‘t: stoma-mm ‘l 1mm. nor: poor»:
gm than 1.th oz} _’ nerd Bar on. “the
you run hung them tom: stucmts ’

lo pr'hriciui yum Lu cards war:
dtmthutrd through 1ft: S A :t
(dim: humming: to Camel Council
Chm: hm: Ltssncr. tn: skint to
amt-mt knot m: (X A lounge are:
mad: lain Hummer Wm»: 01' all. 2: ts
till-It! to: landfill to pm in: in
cards and secondly :t Q‘AI‘CS studtmy
tn: chant:- to m lhht L {ﬁlt‘hl
(our-ml t‘rpr'escmzurrs arm psi.st

  

£1

 

out tzht wet or. amp:

  
 

s d isn‘t-Ln

    

"l. t‘ftt
Lt'bu‘birtk 01' :5: hr- mm: ts 1h:
longct 1117* ' '.-dtodt.»tr"butcthc
\'€c1.\l\l-\tn
l l humor: also; and (0.36 only M

   

 

curds Tm t- c: .9"-

delivers: to on: quad at a time. send
Baton

O’Leary

. t'nllnul'dvlel'l/H rcpt N'Ir

Ros-turn and Sonic: Ccnlct as s
pan at th: ptopmod public policy
mlSK'IOYl

01mm; MM“ sword or. numtiout
lmrl'al tout-mil dultng \\ uh \‘al mus
attic-:35 at mmtnat “we:

Straub said that no dradlin: 91.15
horn m to nulctht- lanai trim-1m n of
y-t‘cétldmt yct. ‘hcmui: ltllﬂ‘l bid to
D: mat to rub :Jndlddlt in sec ll
man was tntt'rcstal. and that lulu
nmc‘

He added that. 01 in: mimmng
in: of cwdidalcs (which had ruched
mo at one point). two have
withdnwn then nun“. "c it‘ll-mt
in mm! who the) um.

 

i

 

   
  
  

 
   
   

Emergency Steps Taken as UMVI Rejects Contract
(AP) Shrinking coal stockpiles and a thumping defeat for a prop.th
contract have given the United Min: Workcn bcai'yncwln'crag: tntbcn ‘0.
day-old strike. The 30-6 vote Sunday against the tentau'ic pm. mgr, m
stl'ttngton by the UMW bargaining council. meant any md to tn: nuke
'aas weeks away. A spokesman for the Bituminous Coal 0mm“...
Association said no dccisron had bcen mad: on when bargatmng Mum
resume. The 70-day strike lorccd Indiana to ordrr mandatory "We,
cutbacks Monday and put other states within days at thcm In \|. it} \Jrnmdr
tcns of thousands of workers feared la;tofls.

Bomb Kills Two in Sydney

SYDNEY. Austnlh (AP) New spapcn blame the Amanda \larg
Indian sea. for a bomb that killed twosanttatton men earl) lode;- .
hotel tn \lhtch lndlan anc Minister Morarju Drsat and mtg-re
lZ-natton Commonwealth summit confuch "were decor. -
ptnons u or: lnyured. but none at the conicrcnc’: deicga
The bomb was in a trash can nutstdc lhc IS—storf. Hilton Hntr. ' ;
Sydney. lt v-cnl off when thcwnttation men dumprd .1 .m-
shortly before I am. about an hour after the dclc’r' its :51;
trom a harbor onus: Tim Anderson. a spokesman for 1b: 4* .-'
demcd the group was tosponstbl: Ursa: calla! th: bomb: -
tcrronsm'. but did not ltnl. ll to the sect

Canada Wants 51 Million from U.S.S.R.

lNlTED NATIONS lAPI Canada‘s foreign mtn;st:r 52.”; 'J.  - \
gmcrnmcnt “Ill-15K the SOHCI L monto pa) month'sr. Sl 7.1. , - - ‘v »-
of rerouting ladloacll‘i': debris from .1 Russian nu: —
:hc Canadian tundra E‘lfl’ﬂdl Altar: Scatter) Do.
tin: Cunadruns will dcmand th: l mlcd \ations adup
pit-lent spec: acczdcnh 35:7: .25 to: d: m:ng
954. on Jan. 34 our \ ...~.:l} {‘UPUlJJ‘d north:
(inde bus utllcullj. conciudrd 2n: rgdmactar
\urthu‘nt Temtonn “If? “.r ’
>0 :nt'ormcd tnc Sour? L nmn

   
  

    

 

 
 
   

 

 
 

5-1

   
   
   

L

  

Israel Accuses US. of Unethical Bias
JERlSAlI‘l I-‘xPI lb: lsl::.‘ "
Siam at .mcmg uni: Egpt l‘}

occupmd tcr

 

tuna on ‘35:}

 

   

 
 

 

 

 

‘: ll. .thlﬁinfSlLJal)r~:Turk—itrﬁl

 
   

would not um" commutt-d "mung rick-s b3.

   

sat-d \ artch :1.
Prcudrnt (mu to l’rxmc \ltmsm \lrnsfl‘trm B: '
Brgtn'i pmscntatmn at lsracl‘s pcacc plan It WE.) l..
det: on lb: Caner :dmlnisllhltcrt

mcnt all: an “complct: t ontradtctnn

Slroessner Re-elected as Paraguay‘s President
ASLNCION. Fungus) :kl‘l Urn thdo Sum-5.5 7! a -- ' ‘ ~
tcrm :5 prcsrdcm of Paraguay by the uprcmd landsltc '
0! 13): lot: sccordmgtoct mplrtc unott‘aalrcturrts lhc l

      
 
   

 

hem ccnxsrumc hu- Strocs.
mm. .L r. edvmc: their :endtdatn had no chem-c: or urn}.
l :51: Pm}. dad not rntcr .1 prendmttal cur:ch '

3“ 5.1005 In protcst Sttocssner's 24-):5lw0ld
H.;.~ Pena. prcndmt of tbc Coloracu Pam‘s :tcmt r. :
.‘ihi-u't 3 ptrttrtl of those mung dld so

      

I per

 

  

 

  

LI: .\l

 

“Cartess Monday" as Boston Resumes Business
BOSTON l APl Pollc: bladed highway €\tl remps A Boy ’ '~. :-;~ ..
pan-blizzard bustncss Manda} min a umqu: up." ' '
commuting r a carlcts rush hour at: but .a tcu subcr
torbtddcn to dmc intothc snow-watt) cut) Storm and on
lhc bigot-M Horn :n soutbcm \cu England‘s htstm) pa
ucclt .190 (im .‘. chat-l S Dulalts hanncd ailbut ass
uh.th the at) cicancd up from the blizzard thatdmppo. I' 

Carter‘s Defense Budget Will Hurt Economy
“ASHlNGTON (APl lhc Cancr administration‘s propose; S. "”
drftnsc budget uall dcpnvc Amt-nuns of nearly l 4 m"
to .: pmatc organization's rcport that contcnds mucosa: .
nuns cmplnwicnt. lhc rcpmt. ptrparod h) Manor. -\Dé:f‘~~‘
inter-m Rcscar'ch (iroup tn Michigan. \\;:.\ rclmwd Sunde- N
kcnncd). l)-\l:t.\s lhc group ts .11":thth nth canton-1:! em
\ddﬂ l ht analws concludcd llml tn! on) 51 rather. ads-:5: .
M‘JF‘L “Killian arc lost and .‘o mm with wit pr: {'tZ‘I . i 1":
Pt‘PltlJlmll ln.\c_|ol\.\ .5: lb: millmll hudgct upends

Steel Imports Hll Record High

HITS!“ RUN (Al‘l Stccl imports. totaling a tram! lc ‘ “-
autumnal lot I‘ 5 pcrccnt ol Ill" domcstnc comumpt: in 15: \1‘ ~‘
Iron and Stch “\Mlllllc said Mummy lhc tuorﬁ “mg. ;; ﬁﬂpgll‘k: ‘-
pasl high at ISJ nullmn tons m N’l. mm: as l S stcci malm VH1 ‘ ‘
3"" Rl‘i‘llt‘d m‘m'd 1mm and thousands of Merl \mrkm wm let; i 11 "
the last m months of thc yut. foreign 31ml upturn! 211', ptlc'tﬁl v!
mark! as I l.) million tons armcd at US. ports Total imparts a you mm
amountal In H.) million tons, “Sm-t Imports of that magmucr
Intolerable." :\lSl Chutnnn Edgar 8pm said in a sutcmmt rr'zww’ "-
Pittsburgh.

   

   

 

 

   

    
  
  

 

  

 

!__

FEBRUARY 14, 1978

 

 

 

Flu  Outbreak“ . g u 
Plagues SUN YA Campus

by Mike Purlmen

An outbreak of a type of flu virus
which has plagued the SUNYA
campus for approximately two and
one half weeks is ﬁnally beginning to
subside, according to SUNYA
Health Services Director Dr. Janet
Hood. Olhcr SUNY campuses ttrc
experiencing similar outbreaks.

Hood said the virus affecting
SUNYA which has yet to bc
idcntilicd by State health officials.
began to sprcttd in thc sccond week
of school. The inl'irmttry has been
filled to more than it capacity for lhc
patsl two \vccks. sltc sttid.

Easily Breeded

Hood ultrihutcs the rapid
spreading of the virus to thc
guthcrittg of pcuplc logctltcr in large
clusters. lccturc ccnlcrs. dining halls.
huscs. and so on." Shc said the virus
was atblc to hrccd cusily hCCllllSC 0|
poor ventilation and ovcr-d ry. ovcr-
ltctltctl moms in the dormitories.

"lltc \trtts itsclf is u short-lbw
thing, lwu or thrcc days ttnd it‘s
nvcr.“ sltc said. She said symptoms
Includc ltcttdltchc and body uchcs.
ltttlguc. ttttd it high tcmpcruturc.

At SUNY Binghamton. a
spokesperson for the campus
newspaper “Plpedream” said that
approximately one third of the on-
campus students are sick with the ﬂu
Virus.

"We got hit pretty hard with it.“ he
sttid. “Classes are still in session
though and except for the virus.
cvcrthing here is running as usual.“

Mlny Flu Cases

Health Services at SUNY Stony
Brook wouldn‘t disclose the number
of students affected by the illness.
but u member of the Stony Brook
SA xuid there has been at lot of flu
cases on lhlll campus. "Everbody
and his little sister has been hit with
it.“ he said.

H 'ttlth services all SUNY Buffalo
reported only at slight incrcusc ofllu
illness on that campus.

Hood said it survey is being
conductcd on all five SUNYA quads
to find out hwo muny studctns have
contracted the virus. RA's on each

“What l want to do. frankly. is
come up with a number and then go
Quad are gathering the data. which to the faculty and say look. thcsc rtrc
(tncc collected, will be prcscntcd to the number of kids thttt httvc bccn
Hood and Acting Director of sick. so go catty on them with
Rcsidcnccs Hunk Kirsclmcr. ran/inner] mr page/bur

Copies of Dean Reports Limited

by Matthew (M

lltcrc will bc only one copy tnttdc
ul lltc rcpnrts bclng prcpurcd by four
spccittl Donn Fl’illllilllon
('nmmillcci. Vicc President for
Academic Allttirs David Mllrlllt has
tlccttlcd. Members of one collcgc
k‘l'llllt'll mmlwd in lltc cutluzttiun
plum-u lt.|\c t|llL‘.\l|t|llL‘tl tltc
LlCL'hlllll.

lln- copying rcstrtcltnn Is lictng
Ilttpuwd “In Inxurc llllll there is ilh
much t-unlitlcnltztllt) an pnsstblc.” at
l ch 0 mctnnrundunt It‘unt Mlll‘llll to
thy ('nnttmltcc Chairs said.

Sonic ubjcctmns tn tltc restriction
\tct‘c I‘lllSL‘d )’l.'SlL'l'tl:l)’ all u mccttng
liclwccn Martin and mcttthcrs ill the
('ullcgc of Social llcltttviortll

lltc cuntmittccs tn scnd its report In
uppropriulc fttcully lot' lhcir
rcttction.

“'l’ltcrc's nu hilSlL‘ cltttngc In the
problem in saying lhttt‘s one of the process." he sztld. "l'ltc pcnplc ll‘lllll
issues than “us discusscd." Council mtc sclttml httd sonic qucsliuns. and
Ittctnbct‘ ttnd Psychology l was surprised that lltcy “crc
Dcpltl'lmclll Professor Richard cnnccrncd with whztllconsitlcrtu he
l‘ccvatn stud. ll pt‘occdurttl matttct'.“

lccvun rclttscd to comment Murlindcacribcdtltcworkul'cnclt
lurtltcr (Ill lhc council discussion 0| lhc livztlttttllmt Cmnmlllccs ilb
with Martin. and rcfcrrctl qucstmm “pcrsnnncl action." and dcfcntlcd
to Council Chili: and African lllltl lhc need to kccplltc reports private.
All‘t>~AtttcricutiStudicsDcptu'lntcnl “It is cunfidcntiul. like all such
lucull) mcmhcr l‘l‘ttnk l’oguc, pt‘occxscs. 'l'hc confidentiality is
l’nguc could not bc l'CthllCd for there In prolcct the Individual
contmcnt last night. person," he suld.

Martin sttid ltc didn‘t think his 'l'ltc fuel that his menu) on
dcclmun would ltttmpcr the ability ul t'ulllillm'd (m page/bur

 

nccs Faculty Council. which is
put‘ttctpttting in the review of that
L'tillcgc's Dcun Richard Kcndztll.

“I don‘t think lllcrc would bc titty

Gym Hours Extended at Night

ll) Sluurl Vincent

lltc l’ltyhtcztl l’tlllvtllltlll building
“I” mnmn Upcll :ttt cxtru tun hours
cut-It night. an ll rcsult 0| 1| tlccismn
li_\ Sl NYA udnttntstrttmrs In grunt
\MM am tltltlttltmttl $300.00 lot lllL'
tt-nunntlcr til the xcmcxtcr.

According to Ccntml ('nunctl
mumbcr MllL'll ('unlcr. u rcmluttnn
tn L‘\lCll(l lhc pl‘cnclll gym hours \Hl.\
Illll'tltlllL‘L‘ll by u numlict of Council
lllclllllL’l'h lwu \lccka ugti. lhc
ptupmc Dl lltL‘ lChlllllllUtl \th In ltclp
ullcltttlcthc crnwtlcd L‘tllltlllltlllhllllll
u\|.~.t Ill lhc gym ill nlglll.

('tmtcl Nllltl ltt‘ wmlc il lcttct tn
Acttng l’l'L‘hlllL'lll ViltL‘L'Itl (l'lctll)
making for llllldb. tttttl got an
cnwurugmg I’Chptlllsc.

"We tell llllll lltc :ttlntlntstrttltun
hlltlllltl tln Ilh putt to cxtcnd gym
llttlll‘5," (‘unlcr .

Ii'unds Received

Ctmtcr mid l.L'll (inldtttztn.
prwtlcnt nl AMIA. llllLl cmltct'
inked lUl ttnd rcccwctl $70.00 from
lhc lltllllllllﬁll'itlltlll tn kccp tltc
l'lll'hlt‘ill litlttczttlon btultltng tipcn
llllL‘ lnr UllL' wcck.

AL'llllg on ()‘l.cttry'n rcqttcsl. Null
llnmn. Dcttn tor Studcnt Allllll'h,
ttttd Vtcc l’t'csldcttl fur l'tntlncc llllll
Business .ltlllll llttt'tigun ttgrccd to
spcnd lltc udtlilltinnl $300.00 for the
rctnttintlcr of the acmcstcr.

Ctuttct‘ sztitl it is up to AMIA In

    

FEBRUARY 14, 1978

bttilding open during tltcsc lwu

mum-y. hours." and not jusl tltusc (truth
“It Cttxls about $l0.00 per night In bcing usctl fur AMlA lunctlmts. ltc

kccp Iltc gym npcn." he said. “It is sttid.

lhc tntcnt of the Unn'ct'sily ltl kccp l'hc gym llllhlll the past llL‘L‘lltlpL‘ll

thc cntlrc l’ltysicttl lidttculiun until ll pm.

tlccidc ckztctly how to spend the

UPS/ID! tEONAﬁD

Clllng the SA Conatltutlon and Election Regulnllons Act. Elections

Commlulanor David GFOII Iayl that SA Supreme Court Chlol Jultlce
Jim Mitchell's nominallon for Central Councll l: Improper.

 

ALBANY STUDENT muss

 

.r
UPS/MANN! lutAlO"

A SUNYA Health Servicel olllclnl reports that the lnllrmary he: been lllled to more than capacity
tor the pull two weeks as a result of a flu vlrue which bu plagued the campus.

Judicial Committee Hears
Academic Cheating Cases

by Jill Huber

Whilc alleged cheating in SA
clcctions have had vlsiblc
cotiscqucnccs in the SA Suprcmc
Court. such as in thc cases of Matrc
Bcncckcttnd lhc Kuthy llaron Jim
Aronofl' run-off. cases of academic
clt'ttting ul‘c dealt with in it little-
knmvn group called the University
.ludicittl Committcc.

l'ltc six mcmbcr group. compuscd
of three faculty and three students
undcr the auspices of thc Studcnt
Affairs Office. httndlcs fivc or six
(‘0th ofcltcttting it yL‘ttl’. according to
committee mcmhcr illld (iculugy
l’rnlcssor l’clcr Benedict.

“We work likc uny courl."
Benedict said. “to try to L‘slllhllhll u
person‘s guilt or lnnuccncc. Wc ll '0!
from witncsscs 7 anyone who can
shed light on the crises."

Not All Reported

But according to Benedict. not all
cltcuting is reported. "Studcnts do
not like to testify about olltcr
sludcnls. I hear from other faculty
illld studcnls that much more
cltcttting gocs on than what gets
rcportcd."

.—__—
Iz't/ilul‘lt NUIU.‘ led'l in u .tt'l'im mt
rlt'llt/t'lllft' prt-xn'un' and r'lrt'rlliltg.

While the possible penalties for
prnvcn chcntcrs vary, usually a
student is found guilty by UJC is
given the muximum punishmcnt of
suspension form school for the
semester.

Not all the ttccuscd studcnts who
comc bcforc UJC arc convicted
though. “Wc dccidc according to the
mcrits of catch cttsc" said licncdict.
“some wc just cannot prove,"

Although some students ltmc fcll
un incrcusc in competitive pressure
at SUNYA since tltc job murkct has
tightened and grades httvc bccumc
tnorc important. Benedict said he
has not noticcd any corresponding
incrcusc in the number of cuscs
which are brought bcforc UJC.

Students have hccn accused of
various stundurd methods of
cheating according to Benedict.
“Crib sheets. substituting a test
paper. and cribbing from another
st udcnt‘s paper have all been uscd."
he said.

Although the UJC handlcsu small
number of cases. Benedict helicycs it
is it good system: “ll would bc it
hcttcr system with more help from
students. Without the hclp of
students it is very difficult. l'hcrc is
very littlc nnc cttn do."

SA Supreme Court and
Central Council Conﬂict

by Peter Nitch

l'Itc lcglslillllc and Jtttltctul
lit'uncltcs ufSA tntty soon he Ill (lll‘L‘Cl
cunlruntutmn.

SA Suprcntc Court Chief Justice
Jim Mitchcll has nominated ltimscll
for an off-campus seat! in the spcciztl
Central Council election to ht: hcld
Fcbruury 22-24. Elections
Commissioner David Gross. citing
both the SA Constitution and
Election chultttlons Act. sttysthis is
improper.

(iross buses his argument on u
section oflltc SA Constitution which
slttlcs that no member 0f the
Supreme Court may concurrently
hold at (‘ctttrttl Council soul. He also
satys tltc Elcction Regulations Act.
rcccnlly uppruvcd by (‘cntrztl
Council and now in effect. would
prevent Mitchell from running in the
clccllon. '

'l'ltc Act slipultttcs that no person
may be nominated for u position

which tltcy ill‘c incliglblc to hold.

Mllcllcll says ltc should h ’ttllowcd
to run for lhc post and resign us
Clticl Justice if he wins.

(iross mulnlulns Mttchcll Is
lncliglblc l0 cvcn run. as long llh In:
holds his position on lhc Court.

"In the politi 10 world, judges
ttsuttlly httvc to resign bcfurc an
election HS a matter of ethics." In:
said.

(‘cntrttl Council Chairman Mlkc
Lissncr ttddcd. "It‘s a weird
situation. This is it matter of
intcrprcltttion and thc only way we
ltuvc to interpret our laws is through
tltc Suprcmc Court." The cunllicl
raises an intcrcsting point and is
"just something we have to work
out." he said.

Mitchell is ll sophomore. ttnd wax
appointed to the Court in Octohcr
l976 by former SA President Stch
Dimco. This is his ﬁrst semester its
Chief Justicc. \

PAGE THREE

 

  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
      

. 4:5;

'» .4.. c .‘_...--

 

