  

 

 

....‘ _._,._.,. .._..—u

 

 

 
  

Garter  Energy Bill

WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter is signing it

yesterday. Carter planned to ﬂy to Kansas City, Mo.,
to address a Future Farmers convention and hold a
news conference. The 95th Congress completed work
on the energy package just before adjourning Oct.
15. Although it was a big do estic victory for the
president, the compromise legislation omitted many
of the tough proposals in his original package.
Among items‘ scuttled along the way were stiff new
taxes on gasoline. crude oil and industrial fuels.
While the bill provides tax credits to consumers for
various energy conservation steps, it also is expected
to increase const for natural gas users. individuals
who use gas for heating and cooking will be affected
directly, and everyone is likely to feel indirect effects
from higher costs passed on by industrial users, who
will bear the brunt of the price increases.

Italg to Stop Terrorism

ROME (AP) Italy's president vowed a war on
terrorism yesterday as police in helicopters and squad
cars pressed a nationwide manhunt for the leftist
guerillas who killed a district attorney and two
bodyguards.“The war will be long and difficult but I
am surethat the government. Parliament and the
magistracy will know how to act," Sandro Pertini
said in a speech to Italian judges. Our duty is not to
give in to terror. not to be demoralized in grief." he
said. Pertini called the latest terror strike a k”brutal
crime" committed by “the criminal fringe continuing
to push our c0untry with implacable and fanatic
vileness." The president, a resistance hero who

 

 

world news briefs

fought the Nazis during World War II, called the
terrorists’ victims “martyrs of a new resistance
against an enemy ruthless to liberty." The three latest
victims died in italy's bloodiest terrorist attack since
diluted enersy bill that is a far cry from the crisinnl the Red Brigades kidnapped former Premier Aldo
Plan he Submith t0 Congress 13 "10mm 38° 35 ihe Moro in Rome in March, killing his ﬁve bodyguards.
“moral equivalent or W813" Aft" SiﬂninE the Moro's bullet-riddled body was dumped in Rome in
measure into law at a White House ceremony May_ '

Egypt Against Linking Idea

 

WASHINGTON (AP) Top Egyptian negotiators met
yesterday with Secretary of State Cyrus R. Vance

Foreign Minister Moshe Dayan informed Vance o

to delete a treaty provision linking the two sets of

negotiations.

discrimination in employment, housing and public
accommodations because of sexual orientation. The
roll call was taken against shouts of "hypocrites,"
"Heil Hitler," and "shame, shame, shame." by
some 200 homosexual supporters in the council
chambers..referring to the triumphs in California and
Seattle, the co-executive directors of the National
Gay Task Force,,said Wednesday: “Tonight the
General Welfare, Committee of the New York City
Council failed to get the message: the backlash that
denial of human freedoms to any group of citizens
threatens the rights of us all."

Search for Missing Crewmen

amid indications of a growing dispute over linking a M ANIL AA AP) Frogmen searched the sunken
peace treaty with Israel to future talks involving the wreckage of an oil tanker in Manila Bay yesterday
Palestinian issue. Acting Foreign Minister Boutrous looking for at least 30 crewman missing an” .a
GM“ and his depmy' osama AI’BBX’ w?” deafening explosion ripped the ship apart. The
undersmo‘j to be carrying insuucuons from Egyptian underwater rescuers had penetrated the sunken
PreSidcm Anwar sad“ that the treaty “6'1"” stern of the 20.824-ton ship and were probing the
completion mug! State Clearly that the immedmu?’ engine room and cabins where most of the missing
next goal is an overall Mideast settlement. Israel is crewmen were believed to be. The Philipine coast
committed to dealing with the Palestinian issue in the guard said ﬁve other crewmen and a security guard
next round of negotiations. But Defense Minister were known dead and another 2| crewmen were
Ezer Weizman, newly returned. from Jerusalem, and hospitanzcd' some with serious bumsl Newspaper
crewmembers

Wednesday that hardliners in their government want Indonesian and Hong Kong Chinese-

Hearings Begin in Rug Case
Homosexual Rights L089 Bid WASHINGTON (AP) A former London police ,

inspector testified yesterday that .la.es Earl Ray
NEW YORK (AP) Despite EXWHSIVC I°bbying by boasted in rambling jailhouse conversations of
Mayor Edward I. KOChi Md despite VICIOTICS I" participating inaconspiracy to assassinate civil rights
Seattle and California. the City Council has voted leader Martin Luther King Jr. Alexander A: Eist 101d
down a homosaxual rights bill for New York CilY- the House assassinations committee that Ray
The 6-3 vote came late WCdMSday at the end 0f 8 repeatedly expressed hatred against black people and
raucous 12-hour hearing. It was the fifth time the said he might use! into Africa at some page to km

reports said

committee had taken up the bill which would bar some mom"

a}

were mostly

 

 

 

\

 

 

 

r
Bar Bus Breaks Hum

SUNYA bar bus service will not be renewed this
year, according to SA Student Services Committee
Chair Brian Levy.

When operating, the bar buses delivered students
to and from area bars during the early morning
hours.

Initiated last year by former Central Council Chair
Mike Lissner. the service has been deemed unfeasible
by Student Services.

"Yankee Trails was the only bus line we could
get." said Levy. “They would cost $l25 a night.
which was just impossible. The green SUNYA buses
weren't available to us, and administrative funding
1 was out." Levy added.

I Apparently, local bars “giggled” when asked to
r fund the service, confident that they “would loksc
' ' nothing without it," according to chy.

Levy said that bar buses may be possible for next

year.
' — Jeff Kennell

1 I ’ IibrFrmAndG‘edit

.1 ""2" The Albany State Ski Club is offereing seven weeks
- " of once-a week skiing at .liminy Peak in Hancock,
‘ Mass.
’ ’ The $3l tab includes lifts and lessons. but rentals
are 'not included. The Ski Club‘s Jeff Cohen said that
participants can receive one Physical Education

Education room Ml. .

Participants can ski on the night of their chorce.
Tuesdays, Wednesdays. or Thursdays. The program
starts in January. and those.interested must sign up

 

 

 

 

independent study credit for the ski program. More:
credit information can be obtained at Phystcal

LIE”, ______ WW“,

in Campus Center lobby from Nov. 13-17 or Nov.

27-Dec. 14.

Cohen said that a bus will be available at an extra

cost ofSIS.

One More Chance

If the bills are coming in and your bank balance is
going down, there's still time to save yourself.

Director ol‘ Financial Aids Conald Whitlock said
additional funding will be available in the National
Direct Student Loan and College Work Study

Programs for the spring semester.

Students may seek adjustments in their current
financial aid packages or may file new applications if
they are still short of funds for the spring semester.

Stop by the Financial Aids Office and make an
appointment. Applications must be in by Dec. 7.

— Charles Bell

Cagers’ Sneak Preview

others are preparing for the ‘second season‘. the
playoffs. the winter squads will soon be in the

spotlight.

Tomorrow morning at 10:30 basketball fans catch
their first glimpse of the '78-’79 edition of teh Great
Danes in the traditional Purple-White scrimmage.

against each other.

In last week's intrasquad contest, a jump shot b y
senior forward Carmelo Verdejo with three seconds
left determined the winning margin.

When SUNYA basketball tradition Is mentioned,

 

so is its head coach, Dick Sauers. Albany's own\
version of the Doctor, “Doc” Sauers is seeking his
24th consecutive winning season, and the odds that
he will succeed are excellent. See for yourselves
_ Charles Be“ tomorrow as the sports world turns.

-) gig 

w“

(Photo: UPS)

 

Tomorrowmorulng Is I good  to check out
Carmeljo Verdejo and the SUN YA cagers.

—Rich Sellgson

 

 

Gsmya news .brief%

 

  
  
   

   

 

 

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

MOWER .10, 1575”

 

 

i
is.

    
    
     
   
     
    
     
 
  
    
  
   
   
  
     
    
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
   
     
   
 
 
  
  
   
 
   
    
 
   
 
 
  
  
 
  
    
 
  
 
   
 
  
  
   
   
   

,__‘ .4“

I

 

 

 

5
E.
ii

 

      
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

   

i

 

 

hlell Haber

SUNYA President Vincent
O'Leary refused to sign a
petition or write a letter to the
SUNY Board of Trustees
supporting divestment of stocks
SUNY holds in corporations
with ties to apartheid South
Africa. but said yesterday that
he would take a stand on the
issue when he had more
information.

“l'm against apartheid. I’m

willing to move on it," said
O'Leary. "My question is: ‘Is
divestment the best way to do
i(?lll

Members of the SUNYA
Committee Against Apartheid
found recently that SUNY owns
five and one half million dollars
worth of stock in corporations
with operations in South Africa.
The committee has called for the
sale of these stocks.

A group formed of student

 

5.

offer three options, that

Linda Rosenblatt.

contingencies.

said.

 

k

by Stuart Libermun

Feeling umtpprccintcd and
saying “I couldn’t lrikc it
anymore.“ t‘lrrss of iii
President Stchu Silvcrhcrg

resigned at it Nov. I meeting of

the class council.

Two days cru'licr‘ lhc council
Irud given Hilvcrhcr‘g rut
ultimntuur: tt‘sigrl or
irupcrn'luucul cluupcs. Sighriug
lruuurup‘. rurd :I

r‘IIl‘»II Iiclwccu

frrcc

t‘l)ll.\l£lllI

pcrxourrlitr
hiruscll' rind Ihc ( Irv. of "Ni Vicc
I’rcsidcul Schninky.
Silvcrhcrg coruplicd \\‘ilIl rhc

tirur‘

t‘OllIlc‘lI". rcqncxr.

council's rcrprcsr. Schrrlxky tlrcu

look ovcr' ilk l'r'csitlcul.
Silt'cr'hcrg fccls IIrc prohlcnr

(SUNY Employees 1b Ballot ‘
Fbr Union Bargaining Group

After months of procedural snags and political dialogue.
SUNY employees will finally be given the opportunity to
select a bargaining unit to represent them.

According to spokespersons for the National Educators
Association (NEA) and the United University Professions
(UUP). the two groups vying for the representational rights,
ballots will be mailed to all 16,200 SUNY employees on Dec.

UUP Director Evelyn Hartman said that the ballots would
of either
representation, or the choice of no representation at all.

In order to expedite the balloting. the state Public
Employees Relations Board (PERB). which is handling the
election. had to overcome the petition of the Committee of
interns and Residents (CIR) which argued that certain
employees should receive special consideration.

Currently all SUNY employees are represented as a single
unit. However. the CIR sought to have SUNY health-related
personnel dealt with separately.

“They felt that those employees working at the health and
medical centers in the system had specific needs which
warranted specific representation." said NEA spokesperson

According to Hartman, those 500 employees will receive
two-tcired ballots, stating the options within each of the two

“One part will give them the basic ballot. assuming that
they do not receive separate representation...another will
offer them a yes or no decision on CIR representation," site

Both parties explained that employees will have until Dec.
2i to return the ballots. and that they would be counted the
following day. tentatively on the SUNYA campus due to its
proximity to the unions' headquarters.

According to NEA spokesperson John Dornan, employees
who for some reason do not receive ballots will have until
Dec. 9 or II to request extras, pending a decision on the date.

—Stevc Osterj

NEA or UUP

 

away his victory on the grounds
that he slandcrcd his opponent.

Silvcrbcrg look this decision
to the Supreme ('ourt and they
overturned the
commission verdict, thus going
Silverbcrg the victory. While the
Supreme Court was looking into
llic case. the newly elected Vice-
President Sclurtsky rrcrcd Zlh :1
witncss :rguiust Silverhcr‘g.

“I should not he expected to
withhold iul'ormrlliou froru the
Supreme t‘ourt just Iicciursc I
run Stcvc’s Vicc l’rcsidcut.“ said
Schrusky.

Silverhcrg disngrcctl illltI fcll
rIurl Ihis ucriou "wns n poor
r‘cl'lccliorr on the ('luss of '81. In
nddiliou. he had no proof to givc

election

I, O’Leary Sidesteps Divestment Plea

from that
Albany Student
African Students
Association (ASA).
international Students
Association (ISA). and SASU
met with O'Leary yesterday and

representitives
committee.
Union,

asked him to support
divestment.
Group members said they

were asking O'Leary for his

support because of his
inﬂuential position as SUNYA
president.

At the begining of the

meeting. O'Leary asked whether
there had been forums on the
issue and said he wanted to hold
a forum including African and
Afro-American Studies Chair
Frank Pogue and Assistant Vice
—Prcsidcnt for Academic
Affairs Helen Dcsfosses.

“I'm certain that other people
on this campus need to have this
issue laid out," he said.

Student Union Chair Nancy
Smyth reminded O'Leary that
the subject had been raised
earlier in the semester at forums
sponsored by the anti-apartheid

committee and at O'Leary’s
presidential inauguration in
October.

According to Smyth. Albany
State University Black Alliance
(ASUBA) President Howard
Straker had passed out reprints
of an article on South Africa and

  

SUNYA'O'Leary met with African Students Association President

Isabelle Kadlschl and other students on the apartheid Issue
yesterday. (Photo: Carolyn Sedgwlck)

the SUNY stocks published in
ASU BA’s Unity magazine.

Later in the meeting. O'Leary
said, “I’m not unaware that
there is an issue...l know you've
been doing it [holding forums]
but I’d like to get more people to
attend...l’m as concerned about
how i handle this thing as what i
do."

Committee Against Apartheid
Convenor Tom Capuano agreed
to organize a forum to be held
within the next two weeks.

“i expected him to ask for
information." said Smyth after
the meeting. "he’s done it before

Humanities Calls for

by M.J. Memmott

The Council of the Collegc of
Humanities and Fine Arts called
for the rchiring of all tenured
faculty who were rctrcnched in
I976. and for the removal of
Article 35 from SUNY’s union
cantract in two resolution passed
Wednesday.

Article 35 of the agreement
between the United University
Professions (UUP) and the
SUNY system deals with the

retrenchment of faculty
employees. It defines
retrenchment as “the

termination of the employment
of any academic or professional

at” Class of ’81 President Resigns

get rid of me before I was even

president,“ said Silvcrbcrg.
"Since the begining he has
constantly taunted me. At

meetings he is the source of
constant interruptions.
disrurbrurccs, and IItlt'ScpIily with
the council members. Whilc
attempting to mnintrriu
l’nrlirucntru‘y procedures he was
it kcy fncroi in interruptions."

Silver'hcr'g wcut in thc IltIVIhtll
frqu the Office of Srudcut Life
(‘ruhy Nusshtuuu and she wns
unable to sti‘rrighrcn things out.
ro straighten things our.

t‘ouucil ruciubcrs wcl‘c
basically in agreement as to why
the Iciidcrship swilch crunc
arbour. “'I'Ircr'c wns im

Aforwru'dcd ro rrll

employee. . .us a result of
financial exigency.
According to Spanish

Professor Armand Baker. the
chair of the coIincil,
resolution concerning Article 35
was passed because of the
council‘s concern that the article
does not protect tcurrred faculty
in timcs of retrenchment.

“The spirit of the resolution
was to protect tenure. which is
the only guarantee of academic
freedom,“ Baker said. “We feel
that tenure must be retained,
and anything that weakens it
goes against the spirit ol‘ this
resolution."

The other resolution.
concerning the rchiring of the 32
tcrmrcd faculty who were
rctrcnched in 1976. was
sponsored by French Professor
Jack Richtmrur. It cites an ad
hoc report of the American
Associrrrion of University
Professors (AAUP). which
stated than tcnuretl faculty were
not dismissed for sufficient
fiururcirrl rcrrsous, hut rruhcr for
"rtduiiuislrruivc, cduciuionrrl.
objectives."

It rrlso rcitcrrrtcs the censure of
the SUNY system by the AAUI’.
nud srrrrcs thnl “...lhc loss of
cffccrivc tcuurc gururutlccs art the
Slutc University oi New York at
Alhrury lhrciucus tIrc rrcrrdcmic
fr ccdoui runl job sccru‘iry of .rII
Struc Univcrsity of Ncw York rrt
Alhnny faculty."

llollt resolutions have liccrt
firculty rind

the '

With other people on this issue.
I'm dissappointed he did not see
fit to attend the forums on this
issue — specifically the one on
Black Solidarity Day."

“He should have come to
previous meeting. said ISA and
anti-apartheid committee
member Bhanu Das. "I'm
dissappointed he didn't take a
stand immediately."

Also attending the meeing
were ASA President Isabelle
Kadischi, ASA Treasurer and
ISA mernebr Enselm Sao. ASA
Secretary General Alie Kamara.
and Student Untion SASU
representative Bob Cohen.

Rehiring

SUNYA. the President of
SUNYA. and the SUNY
Chancellor.

“We are hoping that other
colleges will see there is some
movement within the faculty
here," said Richtman. “I don't
think anyone thinks the
[SUNYA] president will rehire
the faculty. just that he and the
other will look into their hearts
and see what's right."

SUNYA President Vincent
O‘Leary would not comment on
either of the resolutions. because
he had not yet seen them and.
because “in thc middle of
elections I would rather not
comment on anything to do with
the unions." Currently, the
National Educators Association
and the UUP are vying to
represent SUNY employees.

Dean of the Humanities. .lohu
Shumitkcr. said the reason
behind the resolutions was the
“great effect the rctrcnchmcnts
on the confidence of the
facility."

“l'ru just pit/:1,ch its to why it
took so long ro come out."
Scluurtrrkcr‘ suid. “'l‘hc frtculry
wnntcd ro go on the i'ccord with

lhcir' concerns w ir wrrs rut
honest expression of their
feelings."

As for its: the rchiring of
rcrrcnchcd firculry goes.
.‘ihuurrrkcr said that il is his

policy to rely heavily on the
r'ccouuucuditrions of his faculty
in such rururtcrs. "It is n
question lIlIlI lics rurtinly within

5‘9"” "Mk I" m" “WWI” me Sll'm‘mc “mm” i”°””“'5‘°”"y ml SICVC'S PH"l lU (‘hnirs of the College of turn dc i'u'tm ‘ll ll't s \‘l l '

c'“‘-‘””””““” y”“"' An“ "cm" Acwming m Sin/mm?" hm‘d'" “‘0 mum'II-" “Wilding llumrmirics and l’iuc Arts. lht.‘ nifo )t‘lilil‘ "H 'i-M "f ft?l Isl

tlcclrucd the winner. thc Sclrrrrsky was doing it all for to (‘14.55 sucr-wu-y 'l'mn “a.” “f (I... yum“... me lurch] ,‘L’Iis,uT‘l'li)ipx::u "I

lilcction ('oruruissiou took liL'I'SUIHII Hilill- ""0 Willlit‘d 10 ercnkcl. Amdwnic Vim. prcsiimll of mid H“ "w y' ‘ mm“ L'
.. . ,

 

 

NOVEMBER '10 . 1078

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

  

PAGE THREE

 

