  
 

 

   
  

  
  
   

  
 
 
     
   
      
       
     
  
  

away by triii from
Empe‘s most

    
 
 

  
    

, [anions s.
, . Sotokea tnveitip
' from It'st favorite
lird. Learn to ﬂy lcehitic.
See your travel agent. )r mitt.-
Dept. #t‘ ischetamic Airines. ’. ).
ad NY “552.

rotindtrip 14-45 day APEX fare from NY."

roundtrip youth fare. Good to age 23.

Icelandicm

'82?!» from Cling". Tidt ‘IIIIM br- Wat'an t5 davrt pom rtrilrparture mil
pid tor Idlitl It days it ri-srn'uitet. Add llﬁ ear h I‘l)"lt1lﬂvl‘i|ll order-ts.

 

 

 

..,. PFlE -' FIE GIS TRA TION

STUDENTS CURRENTLY ADVISED IN THE
N N R R

PROCESS LEADING TO PRE-REGISTRATION
FOR THE FALL I978 SEMESTER.

ASSIS ] ANQE WITH INDIVIDUAL QUESTIONS
AND CONCERNS MAY BE OBTAINED FROM
CUE ADVISORS IN UL 336 OR BY CALLING
457-8331

S CARDS MAY BE OBTAINED
AT THE CUE PRE-REGISTRATION AREA
(OUTSIDE THE CUE OFFICE IN THE
CORRIDOR LEADING TO THE LECTURE
CENTERS) UPON PRESENTATION OF A
COMPLETED “COURSE PLANNING
INFORMATION SHEET” AT TIMES LISTED IN
THE MAILING SENT TO EACH CUE ADVISEE.

 

W (OBTAINING CLASS
CARDS) WILL TAKE PLACE FROM APRIL Ill-
28 IN THE COLONIAL QUAD U-LOUNGE.
CONSULT THE SCHEDULE OF CLASSES FOR
vOUR SPECIFIC REPORTING TIME.

 

W
COLLEGE.) SHOULD BE INVOLVED IN THE

 

 

by Mitch Drocb

Student tax money will be an issue
in this year‘s SA elections in the form
of two referendums. according to SA
Elections Commissioner Doug
Freedman. ‘

Students will vote on a proposal to
raise the mandatory student tax
from the current 866 per year to $70
in a special referendum to be held
Apr. IO-IZ. SU NY regulations limit
student taxes to a maximum of $70.
and presently only SUNYA and
SUNY Buffalo have not reached the
maximum level.

Freedman said the decision Was
made to hold a special referendum
prior to SA elections to keep the
issue from becomingoverly political.

SA President Dave Gold
anticipates that the raise. which
would increase revenues by 532.000.
will pass. He cited inﬂation,
expansion of services. and
insufficient funds for the athletic
budget as reasons for the increase.

A second referendum will be held
during the regular SA elections Apr.
25-27 to decide whether the tax
should be mandatory or voluntary.
According to Gold. although this
question must be voted on every four
years. it is an Albany tradition to
vote on it every two years.

Man Arrested In
High Speed Chase

by Mllie Pnrlmsn

What began as a routine
investigation for two University
Police officers ended after a seventy
mile per hour chase around
Perimeter Road with the arrest of
Henry Malbs. a 23-year old Albany

an.

University Police officer Jim
Slagan said that While patrolling the
Dutch Quad parking lot in his patrol
car. he spotted a I968 Oldsmobile
with only one license plate and an
improper registration sticker.

“The car turned onto Perimeter
road and we stopped him in front of
the gymnasium." he said. Slagan was
accompanied by University Police
officer Marvin Miller who was off
duty at the time.

"We found the mart didn‘t haven
driver's license or registration. He
was nervous and risked to go home. I
told ltirri to wait there and as l was
checking the plate on my radio. he
hopped into his car and took olf."
said Slogan.

Slagun said a road block was set
up immediately in front of the exit
onto Washington Ave. near the
llrruwny House motel. "My primary
concern while chasing this guy was
that I would find a dead jogger or a
collision with another vehicle." said
Slogan.

Accordingto University Police l.t.
Thomas Graham. the man braked I
when he saw the road block turd was
trapped between the road block and
Slagan‘s patrol car. “The hardest
thing is when you have two ions of
metal coming at you and you‘re
afraid someone is going to get hurt."
he said.

Once in custody. Malbs was
hooked on ten separate charges
including reckless driving. resisting
arrest. and criminal possession of a
dangerous weapon. "We found a
knife with a nine inch blade on the
front seat of the car." said Slagun.

According to Slagan. Mulbs was
arraigned yesterday at the Albany
Police Court and is now being held
at the Albany County Jail. Bail has
been set for $2.500. "Unfortunately
when people are afraid they do
stupid things." said Graham.

  
  
  
  

    

 

  
 
  
 

Carter Denies Move to Replace Bogtn
BRASILIA, Brazil (AP) President Carter declared hrs confidence in Israeli
Prime Minister Menachem Begin as a leader “completely capable" of
negotiating peace in the Middle East. Carter said the Begin government has
the ability and the flexibility to come to terms With Egypt and other Arab
nations. But Carter told a timed-for-television news conference that he can
offer no clear solution to the most intractable of Middle East disputes.
Begin‘s refusal to commit his government to ultimate Withdrawal from
occupied Arab lands. Carter dismissed :as completely false reponsrn.
Washington and Jerusalem that administration ofﬁcrals had said Begin
stands in the way of settlement and that peace prospects would be better
without him. The questions at the news conference alternated between
Brazilian and U.S. newsmen. Carter wore an earphone to provide him wnh
simultaneous translation from Portuguese questions.

French Destroying Tanker

BREST. FranedAP) The French navy scheduled two more depth charge
attacks on the hull of the wrecked American supertankcr AmOco Cadiz.
hoping to put more holes in her storage tanks and free the rest of the oil
aboard her. The operation began Wednesday. when about 5.88 million
gallons of oil were believed still aboard. Nine 350-pound charges exploded
alongside the wreck and huge water spouts erupted into the air. A ntlvy
spokesman said new Oil was seen ﬂowing out. The government decided to
blow up the wreck to allow the remaining oil to escape and speed the cleanup
operations.

WWI Flying Ace Dlos In England

LONDON (AP) Air Vice Marshal William M. Foster. A World War I flying
tree. has died at his home in Oxford. his family announced yesterday, He was
89. The pioneer combat pilot was among the first tojoin the army-run Royal
Flying Corps in the l9l4-l8 war and was decorated for his exploits over the
Western Front. Foster later helped form the Royal Air Force. which evolved
as a separate service. Recalled from retirement in World War II. l‘oster
commanded‘an air group west of London and from l942-44 was deputy head
of the RAF mission in Washington. During his second retirement. Foster
served on Oxford City Council. He was the university city's lord mayor in
I966.

Stoolmakers Ponder Increases

PITTSBURGH (AP) Steelmakers are checking balance sheetsto see whether
they'll follow two of the industry leaders in boosting prices after the Winter-
long coal strike. increases President Carteryesterday called excessive. Carter
at his news conference in Brasilia. the Brazilian capital. yesterday said tbc
increase “fits in very poorly" with his administration's efforts to curb
inﬂation. He added that the increases are far greater than Would be
warranted by the increased costs produced by the coal strike scltlcmcnt.
Earlier. the administration said the increases are more than double What
could be justified by the miners‘ walkout. U.S. Steel Corp.. the nation‘s
largest producer. and Wheeling-Pittsburgh Stcel Corp.. the ninth largest.
announced increases of $l0.50 a ton. The increases are expected to mean
higher prices for new appliances and an estimated $9 to $10 incrcrtsc in the
cost of an average American car. Autos are being reduced in sin; to stnc
gasoline and require a bit less than a ton of steel. industry sources stty‘.

NYC Gets Order to Bar Transit Strike

NEW YORK (AP) A preliminary injunction barring a strike by two All -
ClO unions that could shut down the Transit Atitliority after midnight
tonight. was issued yesterday in State Supreme Court. Brooklyn. litil
indications wcrc that the order. based on the state Taylor Ltrw harririrrg public
employee strikes. would be ignored under tr traditional union policy til "no
contract. no work.“ Justice John A. Montclconc signed the injtrrrctrorr.
sought by the state's attorney general. Louis .I. Lclkowitz. iti behalf ol llrc
authority and the public. The order nariicd the Transport Workers and
Amalgamated Transit unions. together representing 33.000 transit worch
poised for strike action if new contracts are not tentatively Worked out illltl
cleared by liriday midnight by the Emergency Financial ('orirrol lloard. A
court injunction had earlier been described as l'titilc by [Wu lrtwycr Mrclrrrcl
Klein arriving at the court.

Man Survlves Fall of 29 Stories

SAN FRANCISCO (AP) A young man plunged 29 stories down a
ventilation shaft in the pyramid-shaped 'l‘rrins-amcrica Building reaching
a speed estimated at more than l00 mph before liittitig the cement floor.
police said. He shattered both legs but was reported in stable condition at a
hospital yesterday. “Help me! Oh my God. help me!" the man was quoted as
moaning eren he was carried from the building to an ambulance alter the fall
late Wednesday night. police said,

Two Charged In Murder at Diamond Dealer

NEW YORK (AP) A free-spending diamond cutter and a second man We“:
chargedycstcrduy with murdering a business associate Who was carrying 5|
million in diamonds before he was beaten to death last September. Slilorno
Tal. 3i. rind Pini‘ Balubin. 29. also a diamond cutter. were indicted by a
Manhattan grandyury followingasix-month investigation Iniothe murder of
l tnchos JiiroslaWrcz. The two men were arrested at their hontcs shortly after
daybreak yesterday. The investigation ranged from Manhattan's teeming
diamond district. where the three men had ofﬁces. to Puerto Rico. Where the
25-year-old Victim had traded in diamonds. Manhattan District Attorney
R059" Mortienthiiu said the gems — the value of which has been mid to
funscvfro‘m “00.000 to SI million - were not recovered and that the
investigation was continuing.

 

PAGI TWO

 

ALBANY

 

.j

lemons Puss

MARCH 81. 1978

 
  
   
 

  
   

     
  

   

     

'...':s..-.._._.,. . 
. ~ vsc-‘V‘e-‘IUA



 

    

by Spence Ragglo
“The death penalty A is an
affirmation of life." declared
Senator Dale M. Volkcr. R‘Buffalo.
in Opening the debate on
News capital punishment. If
Analysis so. then both houses Of
the state legislature
soundly reaffirmed the value of life
as they sent the most emotionally
charged bill of the session to the
gmcrrror‘s desk.
llrc question now remaining is:
Can lltc Scuttle and the Assembly
pick up enough votes to override
(iovcrnor Carey's promised vcto'.’

  



' V 'l'lieAssembly's‘vOte ten days ago
came up six votes short of the

. necessary two thirds for‘ian override;

the Senate. it Week earlier. was just
one vote shy of the mark. I

An override in the Senate may
come in the person ol'Scnator Israel
Ruiz. .lr.. D-Bronx. who threatened
to switch to a yes 'vote if no
comprehensive crime package is
offered from Carey‘s office. Evert
Without Ruiz. though. Volkcr is
confident of securing an override.

The Assembly is when: most
observers sec difficulties fora dcfertt
of it Carey veto. Assembly sponsor

SASU Holds Health Fee ,
Protest at State Capitol

by Ed Rader

b '\\l r‘cprcscnttrtrvcs Irorir
ill otrrtd tlrc strrtc. rrlotrg \rrtlr
tltc‘lltltcls ol Albany‘s Student

I ItttitiI/tllltill Movcmcnl. staged .r
dcrrrorrxtnrtrnn rrt rhc Strttc ('aprtol
\c'\lL'tti.|\ rrr rtrr clltrr't Itl rtbolrslt tltc
\llltlc‘lll lrcrrllh lcc.
until");
u rctctl. and perhaps rrrrcstcd. the lit
pi iilcwlcl s r'cccncd rr pledgcol "good
t.rrt|r" truth the state legislature's
chublrcarr lcrrdctslrrp in it rrrcssugc
signed by Scuttle Majority Leader
\\ .rrrcn ‘\IltiCl.\t|ll.

lhc lt‘llt't crime .tlrcr bpcirkcr oi
rlrc llorrw Stanley brcrrrgtrt. a
llctrrocrut. told the students. led by
\ \.\t tlr.ritmatrr htcic \llrrrgcr.
lll.tl tr. ~.tw ltttlc clrnriccul tlichcultli
lcck .tbolrtron ur ertlicr the original
state budget.
btcrrrgrtt

closc to bcrrrg

/
;.-

rtl \rrpplcirrcrrlnt'y
.rccotdrng to '\llrrrgcr.
l‘l.||tlt‘ti rlrc Republicans tor rlrc
|.I|iltlr’ to rcpc.r| Ilrc lcc

\r.rrt \-rr.rtor 'rst'pil |’r~.rnr, .r
I‘.[‘lli‘||t.lll'(1)I|N\:l‘:lII\U lrurrr
\\ _.rtlr.\t.~r ( otrrity. nus rcportctlly
.lIIL‘IIle In tlrc charges. llct'lrirrrrcd
rh.rr rllIlIl lIlL' lust |c\\ days. the
lr..rlrrr it. |r.rd not been criirsrtlcrcd .t

.."Ir priority rsstrc. and that the
\ ll .r, lrrruucc ( orrrrrrrtlcc li.rtl not
.. ll tr..rrd til it liclotc \\ crlrrcstlay

||t rlrcrr tlr.rllctl .r lctlct \lrllllll;
rr»..r It. would make ".i good |.rtr|r
.rrnrr' to |r.t\c tlrc lrc.r|tlr Ice
rlmlt dit’tl .trirl lt.rrl tlrc lcttcr brought
to \lltlt'l‘rlll Iiit hrs \Iylllttlllly' llc
.rlm \trilpt'xtc'tl litrtl lill.‘ \Ilitit'lll\ .rsk
\r.rrr;_vtrr In torrrrtcr'srgrr tlrc lcltcr
tl.tlll|||ll.’ tli.rl. "tlicrc |\ irorlrrug
lll til.||l|t.li lll.tl wtrrrltl prcri-rrt rt
|tlm|rlron ol tlic lrc.tltlr |cc| lrorrr
bring put ml” the strpplcrrrctit.rr\

budget."

the dctuoristtrrlion begun with it
corrlroiittrtiori with the ('trpitol
l’olrcc. llrc students. who wtrlkcd
qutclly riito tlict'upitol lltrrldiitgtiiid
up the "million dollar staircase"
lL‘iltIItltl to the lcgtslntors‘ olliccs. got
aslur'usthclobbyolSlctngut‘sollrcc
bcltrr'c hcrrig told that they cotrld go
no llll'lllcl'. Wlieti the students
tlcrrrrttrdcd trri rmmcdrtrte
appointment witli btcrngut. tlicy
wcrc rtgrtrrr told to IL‘il\t.'. lliosc who
did not lcrttc were pushed tllll by
irriilormcd ('trpitolpolicc. Ilicy \tcr'c
their told that they could not sit III
the lobby trc.\t to the Nlttll‘L‘ltNC. c\crr
though that was where they had
originally been risked to “Al”. llic
tIL‘llIUlI\II'ilIIlllI. ilIICI' Illlllfil
grumbling .rird \crbrrl protest. was
lrrrrrlly udjottrrrcd to the \lttll'CrtNt.‘
Irihhy.

llrc piotcsrors. including Shl
tlt‘lcgrilc‘s Irom llitighnriitnrr rind
ticrrcsco. were their triloicrricd that
they would not be allowed to quietly
hold up the lirmd wrrrtcrr plitlcsl
prislc‘ls they had brought \\Illl tlicrir.
tlllL' policcrrinrr hcgrtti ltl tip .I pttNlL‘l'
bands tll SAM
coordinator |)ri\rd (oyrrc. lrrrl
rclctttcil wlicrr ('oytrc \tlltl loudly.

truth the

“lilh Is my pchorrrrl prrrpcrty." llrc
dcrrrorrstr'nttirs \tlli\L‘tlllt.'llli_\ ltrltlcd
up tlicrr signs. rrgr‘ccttrg tlrrrt Il wrn
not tlrc mite lllill tlicy wrintcd to be
kicked out III the (.illllltll itll.

\llct -\llrrrgcr. (‘tryrrc .rnd (IlllL'h
bud spokcrr to btcrrrgtrl and |’ts.rrro
.rrrd werc waiting to spunk to
\trdcrsotr. tlrc .tttrttrdc ul tltc guards
\L‘t'lllL'ki to solicit and tltc protcstcrs
wctc allotted to \ll orr cttlrt r' srdc ol
tlrc w.i|l rrc\t to Arrdcrsorr'x olltcc.

\ .,r-...

Vincent J. Graber. D-Buffalo. is also
confident. 0n strictly moral
grounds. no amount of debate is
going to change the vote of tiny
legislator; but on political grounds. a
yes vote can look very attractive.

"I think the people are demanding
that We move in this direction.“
Volkcr said. “I think we have
responsibility to our constituents to
override it veto.“ '

On an issue where there is such
clear cut public support. it is
tempting to lay aside conscience and
vote purely as it representative oftlic
people. as it number of legislators
have already done. Senatort Joseph
A. ‘l'truricllo. l)-lluffalo. in
explaining why he responded to
public demand. said “I hope it isn‘t
used too often: I hope it‘s a deterrent:
I know the system isn't working now:

I hope I‘m doing the right thing."

Death penalty legislation would
add :i trc ‘rimc to the law books.
that of “aggravated murder.“ Arr
indi\rdtitr| com ictcd ol aggravated
murdcr' would havc to undergo il
secondjurytrialtodccidc whether or
llic dcatlr

 

not to hand down
Scnrcrrcc.

Aggr'turttcd murder would be
nrtirdcr under the following
conditions:

'll memo is a police titlich or

corrections til I iccr:

   
    
   
   
  
 
    
      
    
   
  
  
  
   
    

  
    
    
  
 
      
   
       
      
        
      

  

  

WWVW

' ' i . /
The Assembly's vote on the death penalty was six votes short of tho-

necessary two-thirds tor an override; the Senate was one vote short.

Oil the victim is a witness killed to
preterit testimony from being given;
0” the murder was a CtllllrtlL‘l killing
or assassination for pay:

Olt committed during robbery.
Burglary. kidnapping. trrson. or first
degree rupc. sodomy. sexual abuse
or escape:

III the murderer knowrngly or
recklessly caused or risked the death
of many:

I It the victim Wtis tortured:

Oll'committcd by an inmate duriirg 0 ll' committed by tin individual

an escape attempt;

previously convicted ol murder.

attempted murder or manslaughter.

The bill also outlines mitigating
Irtctors to be weighed against the
aggravating factors in determining
sentence: lack of a violent criminal
record. insanity. duress.
participation in crime committed by
trrrotlrcr. and consent of the victim.

Carey attempted to introduce
similar legislation. substituting life
imprisonment Without chance for
parole for the death penalty. but the
rtrrrcndinent was quickly defeated in
both houses.

SA May Limit Campaign Spending

by .lill Ilaber

I’I'ripttsrris to regulate c.rrrrp.rrgrr
spending in HA elections the being
looked rrito hy SA olticrrtls.
according to 5A |.lcctrorrs
t'otrrmtsstoticr Doug l-rcctlrtitrrt.

"It's not Irttl‘ Il sorrrconc c.rri'l
rrllord to prrt tip it lllg cartriprrrgrt" hc
srtrd

" l lrcrc's nothing that can hc done
in trrrrc Itll lilh clcctrrrrr though." stirtl
(‘crrrtnl (‘trtrtrcrl Mcmbcr ( trrrg
Wcrrrstock. who is rrlso working on
tlrc prorcct

\\cllt\1tir.‘k \illtl Ire hm corrtnctcd
Sit llrrcrirrltr and ﬁll Unicgtr,
which lrrr\c
I'L'gtllrtlltltlx. tor
According ltl

\ltitiL‘lll
liltiltlt'llh

both ol crtrrrp.rrgrr
\ pending
rrrlor mrttrorr,
\\ crrtsrock. tlrc
ilils lirrd

()\\\C)ltl
griycr rrtircrrl
crtltircrrig its policy ol ltrrrrttrrgI tlrc

O’Leary Speaks to Central Council

by I‘retl Stern

\ttrrrgNI \l \ l’tcsrtlcrrt \ IlltL‘llI
.itldlcsscd \\’cdnc~d.r\\
t tlrlttrl (ouricrl rrtcctuig
irrrrtibcr or issues rrrclrrtltrig l.tc.rlt_\
ltillllllllL‘llI. trc.rtlclrilc .rtlytscltrclit.

It I t'.l|\
tlll .r

and tilNllIillllIItll rctrttrrcrrrcrrh

(I'l t.rr\ btirrslctl \tllllt' strung
.rtltlrtrnrn lo Ilrc bl N) /\ stall. rri.ttlc
Immlrlc by the riddrttort III II rtcw
t.ttrrlty Irrrcs |Il tlrc blt.\\ A litrilgcl.
but did not re\crrl rrrry rrrrrlrcs llc
\llt'\\L‘ll that new lrtctrlty lllt'tlllit'ls
.llt \.rlu.rblclor tlrerr lk'\L'tIitil.l\\\L'il
.n liltll teaching CillltllllilllL'N

\\ lrcrr tlrc ('otrrrcrl lllL‘lllllL‘ls
qllt\lltiltctl (l'l c.rty Illl hrrw lllllLil
.ibtlrty weighs .rgarrrst
turtlrrrrg trbihty. he ﬁnd. "llrc
prrrhlcrrt comes this tiny. will you
promote rtl grtc tenure to .r person
who is less than rirlcqtirttc on the
rcscattlr with: because lie or the is rt
good tcuclrcr'.’ My answer Is no,
\oti'tc got to hrtvc tlictir birth "

Discussion ol tltc qtirrlity ot
attadcrtric advisement prompted n

I\'\k'iIIkII

MARCH 31, 1978

motion to lcslttll tlic publication ill a
\llitictll c\.rlti.rtrorr ot the Irrculty A
strrtcy t.rkcrr lry the council showed
that llltisl \ltltictlh tlrtrtk rrtl\I\cIitcttl
is \cry print and .m SA task force I\
looking into tlrc issue.
Itequirerircuts I‘tlttll‘t‘tl

()'| crtty crrmc ottt trr l;t\tit ot
tIl\llll‘ltllIttll rcqtrrr'cnicrrts Ilotlr SA
l’rcsrtlcnl “the (mid and (crrtrril
torrrtcrl I hurt ’vlrkc lmrtcr srttd
tlicy distribution
rctprirctiictttx an rrrrrdcqttutc rrrctlititl
ol handling the ilti\ tscttrcirt prrrblctrr.

L’IIIINHIL'ICLI

(l'l crtry wrrsuskcd to continent on
.r rcptrrt \ttllllllllcd by it scrrtttc
LtilllllllllL'U headed by Harold
t unrrorr .idyocrttrrig dwtrrbutrorr
rcqtrrrcrrrcrrts. llc tcsouritlcd. "I
tlirrrk tlic ('trnirori report. and I wish
it wct‘c .t more eloquent stattcrircrrt.
ciirrtrirrrs .r good dcttl of error "

()‘I cut) announced his desire to
restore tlrccherriistr'y l’li.l l. progrrurr
and establish it new l’li.l). progtrttrt
in computer science.

In keeping with the SUNYA

rrdtrrtrrtstrrrlrorr push to cslnlilislr
rrrorc corrtrrrurrrty irrroltcrrrcut rtr
\l \lA. (l‘l crtry' lllL'llltrrllL'tl thc
" \cccsx to Quality" program which
I\ rrtmcd rtl gctlrrrgrrrczr rcsrdcrrtx rrrto
rrrru-dcgr'cc progrrrrrrs.

A new orgtrui/atiori Ior parents
ol Albany area sttrilcrrtx wrrs
.rrruourtccd to the council rrrcrrtbcts.
its well as the President‘s plans to go
to long island turd Westchcstcr to
rricct with the parents ol Sll.\\A
sllltlcltls.

Hitting the question and artsch
\L'Mltill. t‘crrtrrrl Council member
Mttclr Krrrrtcr quct‘r'cd U'l carry on
his corrrrriitttrrcnt to rrrrprotcd oll-
crinrptrs housing. ()‘I crtry responded
by citing cllor‘ts to mine more
students rrrto Mohawk lowcr.

(‘errlrtrl t'otrncrl uterrrbcrs rrrrscd
questions about u disintegration ot
bl \‘l’A's credibility because ol the
bridch curs rind tltc loss of academic
programs. ()‘l cut'y called the losses.
"not disintegration . . . a Wound. lt
bruise. yes; but we are recovering,"

rrtrmhcr ol posters tr candidate may
prtt up.

"I lchncoiitti system is better." lrc
said. "I Ircy' have it pltrn where each
crrrrtlidirte for president and \tcc
plL‘NitIL’tll puts tip I5 dollars and the
student trssocintiori Mtppilcs thcrrr K5
morc lot‘ it totrrl tli onc Itirrrtlrcd
tlolltit‘s."

5.\ President Urn c (told \tllti Ilttrt
rrltliortgli he was hit rcgulrrtrorr. lrc
\\il\ ttrrstlt‘c til its crilrsltltrtrrirrrrlrly.

" | Irc issue is conrplrcrrtctl trud
crrlorccrrrctit would bc a pr'oblcrtr."
lrc snrd. (ioltl srrltl lic spctrl rrborrt
\lltl on Ill\ curriprrign |.t.\l \crrr rtrtd
c.tllctl tlic tlllltltllll "high."

According to i'lt'ctilllilll.
Iltllllllltllltllh Itir SA positions “I”

r.

    
   

 

open next week. Each candidate for
I’r’cstdcnt and vice president must
submit a petition witlr llltlsignaturcs
ol students cndors-ing the
individual.

Sctcriil students huic rtlr'cridy
ltltIlL'illL'tl thc rntcrrtion to rtrri lor'tlic
cyccutryc llr'trnch. Presidential
candidates l'tttil l'cldmrtn. lito
Mnr'trrrcl. and Sharon Wrrrd all said
they were in Izmir of campaign
spending regulations. its did \icc
prcsrdcntirtl candidates l‘rcd
llrcwrrigton illid llebbrc Rtrskcti. All
\trpitlitlcd. ltt)\\t.‘\t'l'. that thc

priiprisills should be well
thought our.
SA elections rrrc tentatively

\LilL‘kIlliL‘tI lor April 25.3(r and 27.

Acting SUNYA President Vincent O'Lcary responded to studento'
questions and comments at Wednesday's Central Council meeting.

ALBANY STUDINT PRESS

PAGE Tm!

  

       
 

LI»;

