   
 
  
 
 
   
    
  
     
  
   
   
     
     
 
  
    
      
   
      
     
         
  

  

 

  
 

 

L V I See ya therel J

 

v   

§ Cl-‘FEEHOUSE
' Mum .. ‘
. - Toni ’ Fisher
, Sunday._
February 5, 1978
7:00 - 9:00 pm

Morris Hall,
Colonial Quad

coffee. hot cocoa it donuts will be served
all university women invited

 

 

 cumin: is
llorr Orion '

Ice-Skating, Tobagganing,

Cross-Country Skiing, and Heated

Building will be available. (To use

a building tor a party,reservations
‘ must be made.)

Mohawk campus will be open 7 days a week from 9-4:}0.
For more info call .371-6941 Mon -Frr' from 12-1

 

 

eletllon 18
I. so 36l

Auditions.
Applications

Telethon ‘78 AUDITIONS
are beginning

Monday January 30 - Monday February 27

APPLICATIONS
are available in CC set

We need
your talent

 

 

For more info call: (in:' 7-1025 "r Run“ 7'797-2

 

ISRHEL HLIHH’S CENT R’S REPRESENTHTIVE

 

will be in Albany on
February 7.

 

All those interested in
education and employment
opportunities
in Israel should
come to the

placement office
in AD In or call 457-825]
for anappointmentwithtbe
representative.
jioirlezl by SA

 

 

 

Fllcohol a Drug
Hwareness

Week

Informal Seminars for Students

Sunday Feb. 5 7PM”FACTS FALLACIES AND
MYTHS’ (alcohol 8. drugs) Dr. Paul Jablon of
Albany College of Pharmacy and Robert
Christiansen, Pharmacist and lecturer

Monday Feb. 6 8PM "USE ABUSE AND
ADDICTION” (alcohol 8. drugs) Fred Spencer of
SPARC 8. Lou Krupa of Hope House

I ORAL'
T do Feb 7 8PM ’LEGAL 8. M ‘
CigiilSlDERATION” (alcohol 8. drugs) Bob Lot of
Loudenville State Police 8. Richard Ellis of

SUNYA Faculty

w y ” NTION 8.
d Feb 8 9PM PREVE
lNTglri‘séNCl'ION (a cobol 8. drugs) Neil Beroz of

 

 

 

STUDENT RSSOCIHTION
REPLFICEmENT ELECTIONS

FIRE
C0mlNG!

(Feb. 22, 23, 24)

The following positions are open:

W

Alumni - 1
Indian - 2

Colonial - 1
Commuters - 4
Class of I98]

President
Vice President

Treasurer
Class Council- 6

we

Alumni - ‘l Commuters - 2

Self-nomination forms

will be available In the SH Office. CC 346.
from February 6 - IO

ibetween the hours of 9 am and 4 pm

 

 

 

 

funded by Student Association

 

 

Middle Earth 8. Don Brandt of ODAS a

'3

All programs will be held in the Dutch Quad 3
Penthouse

 

 

 
 
  

 

  

 

 

 

 

Cagers Reach .500 In RPI Win

t-riirtlnuedfram page .ti’xreen “om.
ﬁnished its the game‘s high scorer Union 57
with IS points. l4 of them coming in
the second half. Abba 3 24 8; Sobocinski 9
The Danes were outrchoundcd 42- Lawnc 2 0.0 4; gram 2 (H
28 in the game and only had seven iit Albany 55 a.

» Cttrdany 2

Bellamy l

‘ . I-I 3: Cavttnau h 60-0 l2; Clune53—4 I];
the second half. Albany S lcudlng Cavanaugh ll 0-3 I6; Clunc 3 2~2 ll; g

scorer was Cavanuugh with lb Royal l 3-4 5; Verdejo 3
points on eight for nine from the Winston | 4-4 (x; Wleklinski

Hoop Violence Debate Continues

NEW YORK (AP) What can be minimum of ()0 days against Kermit

done to curb violence iit pro Washington after he disnt
basketball? That will be a prime Rudy 'l'omjtinoviclt‘s lace \
topic of discussion when the hard right-hand punch btl
National Basketball Association‘s December?
policy makers gather in Atlanta for Don‘t be
the ntidwinter Board of (inventors governors isstte some procltin
musing Saturday. landing ()‘llricn‘s el'iortx to
wasCommissionerLarry()‘llricn \ioleitee tit prti basketball.
justified in levying a litre ol'Sltiiltii) mtglll t:\t:lt come tip \titlt

and a suspension. without pay. lot It spccllil.‘ guttlcllttcs us to \\Ilttl actions

Koubck 2 I-2 5; Nettrpttss 2 4-7 8;

surprised it the executives formed by O‘Brien to

 

 

 

w...

 

I A New-Rivalry? .

mum. on 

RPI 56- Meltalick 6 l-2;I3;

 

U-l 4: Schwitter 2 0—0 4; Mansell 8 2-2 l8; - I.

M gym 2 2_2 6; Chapman 3 H 7; Now that AlbanyStatc‘s basketball team no longer plays Siena College
(H “g; Dumu 3 2_5 8; (remember‘Siena decided we weren‘t good enough for them). who will
3 '0. Albany 74 _ Bellamy 3 (H 6; become the new area rival for the Danes? I

' The obvious choice at this point would have to be Union College. The two

Junuszcwski l (H) 2; Jones I H 3. games the Danes and Dutchmen have playedthis yeararecomparabletoany
2.4 g; Keane 5 0_0 w; verdcjo 7 2_3 '6. U.C.L.A.-Notre Dame contest. Now there is a rivalry. ‘
334, 9_ Mcknnski I (H) 2. Both Albany-Union games have gone into overtime. and both times the
Dutchmen proved to be the better team. At least that‘s what a member of
Union‘s team or Union fans would say.

Union‘s record this year is 9-4. while the Danes are 7-7. Ironically. Albany
was supposed to have the good record this year while Union. a relatively
young club with nine freshmen and sophomores. wasn't. The reason forthe
Dutchmen's surprising year and Albany‘s disappointing year is Union has
been ableto win the close games while Albany hasn't. Albany has nowlost six
games within live points, includingthree in overtimes. Union has won all four
vith il The board is scheduled to hear an of its overtime games.
ck tit interim report frottt the advisory When the teams meet next year. you can be sure the Albany players and

committee of players, coaches and fans will be looking for revenge.

1... ml. I‘m-nan.-

the commissioner may or may not
untied take.

a a a a a e
While the varsity basketball team continues to struggle along. it is just the
opposite for thejunior varsity team. The Pups have played ten games this
year and have lost only once. And ifit hadn‘t been for a referee in the way ofa
pass during the West Point game. the Pups' record would read IM.
In the Pups' nine victories. never once did coach Bob Lewis have tosweat it

tuttott provide guidance itt dealing with the
curb problem ol violence iit tlte sport.
lite) in New of that. here's some
Ittolt‘ guidance lrottt tltis corner.

One thing to keep iit mind is that

 

Congratulations!

 

Now what?

You can work 9 lo 5 tor the man or you can «on. mum... i... “Us...”

The PEACE CORPS and VISTA oller you a real alternative that timid in: I'll!
rewarding experience at your tile

In the PEACE CORPS you can go where your stuns and It’dmtrtq a... newt”; n...
can live in a new land. speak a new language and be adopted by ' it-

vtsu ollars youths opportunity to item ueopie itqnt hero mi , l
whether it's in the troubled ghetto the mountains ct Appalacmi an iv «.
community

it you want to do something realty important consider the PEACE CORPS m
VISTA because you CAN make an the mum-nu: m "it: «out:

   

All seniors and grad students are invited to attend an Inlorma-
tlonal meeting In the Lecture Center at 4 pm. on Tuesday.
February 7. PEACE CORPS and VISTA recruiters will be can
ducting personal Interviews on Wednesday and Thursday,
February 8 and 9 In the placement oiiice.

COME IN AND DISCUSS YOUR FUTURE.
WE'LL SHOW YOU HOW TO USE THAT DIPLOMA

Seniors and grad students should 5. n up lot .ntcmuws .r‘ the: Pidgvlliultl out“.

 
    

 

tights can never be completely oitt tit the Iinal seconds. Each win has been by a margin of at least IO points.
clintutttted I’rom pro basketball. Ina sometimes even 30.
sport where big tttcn run around. The l’

ups even lost one of their top players. Ray Cesare. to the varsity club
dressed only in their underwear.

tvitliout ltttrtittg their own team. Coach Lewis has his team running and
crashing into each other and rtinitiitg witlt guards Marty McGraw. Erv Roberson and Lee Gardner
exchanging shoves and elbows. providingiltc spark irttheol‘l'ettsculongwitlttheirbigb-ScenterJimBittker.
tempers are going to llarc and fists If the l’ups cart continue to play the way they have been  and there is no
are occassionally going to fly. reason they shouldn't r the outlook for future varsity teams has to be
It has to happen; no amount oi promising.
words can prevent it.
It must be recognized that \\c urc .
dcaltn ' with tun issues here ltotv S k 0 T
to prcient lights lrom breaking out    
and him to keep things under
control when tights do happen, by Evan Forlirisky "tremendously tough" with West
In Ilte matter of pretctttiott. the In its lirst year of varsity Point, Boston University. RI’I. and
tlttcttl oi at huge line or lengthy competition. the AlbanyStatentett‘s Queens copege providing some of
suspension is inadequate. As volleyball team open their season the competition.
Icoittird Koppctt pointed out itt it tomorrow against Yttlc and A weaknch ol' the squad might be
tct'uttl column III the Sporting Merchant Academy. their size; their average height being
\cus. lltttsu iticrisurcs can only be the Danes. who for the past two only 5-I l. Albany will be led by Co-
cttptains Dwigltt Buck and Andy
Kittster.
Yale will again he the Ditties'
toe in Albany's home opener Feb. 25.

t'iicctiteilaplaycrisincontrolol'ltis years played its a club. are now a
Ittt'llIIIC\ and can stop and consider member ol' the Eastern Collegiate
tituwnscqucitecsoi lttsaction betore Volleyball league. Coaeh lcd liurl
characteriwd the team‘s schedule as

he actual!) does anything.

 

 

 

A Comfortable Place for Women

Albany Planned Parenthood
O Q
op;

:Noti at 35‘) lurk St. (corner Ilttdmtt /\\t‘ )
4.14-2lit2

.Vt'tt Illlltlr’lll ill/Ill lur .rrlllfiltt'pllrill.
rrIIlIIIlt’ (ii \ turc, ['It‘llllillli i letting,
t'otrrttt'lltig, lirrlt' tori/rutt'yi/itrt llut
ith/ ('vt'rirrig (III/IUIIIIHH'IIH .S/imiu/
.IIIH/(‘lll rult't ()l/ll’t‘t'l [lurking

 

 

  

i

 

 

  

Papa ’s

I"ri.-Sat.. I‘cb 3rd and 4th

Albany State‘s ()wn
Steve Schwarx and Howie Bluver
Folk-country-rock

Sal. $.25 Dru/Is (iv/ll /).Ill.

Tut's. Mir/sorts~ Golden 3_/or .i'lilil /i)-I.’ lint.
Than. 2 Drinks/or 5/.ili/ $.25 Uni/1‘ "H3 l' "'
Fri, 15.25 Dru/Lt 4»7 /I.Ill.

Papa’s Tavern

17 New Scotland Ave

 

g

FEBRUARY 3, 1978

    
    
    
    
   
      

     

Imagine,“ I yobrhangsbyaead.
'meodyhmssbyawlre.
Imagineyou'renotlrnaglning.

 

G
.MARIIN ERIICHMAN....... .MitHiilWiii‘iTﬁiitvtw BUJiilli-MIIIHIEI IIIIUBIAS
Maintain harmonisation WIIIMAIIKs... iiiliii iiiitiiiiiii

unleuc Dem

instigationitiiiSMiiii~Mictiiiciiiiiitiiiihiinii tittithii m.

COMING TO A THEATRE NEAR YOU! i

 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE FUTIIN I

 
    

 
 

   
    
  

m... .

 

  
 
    
    
      
       
              
       
        
      

   
   

 

  

 

 

 
  
  

