 

  

 

col‘u

 

inns»-

 

Viewpoint

 

lett.

 

 

 

‘ SUNY Chancellor supports

. White Supremacy -

by Howl-rd Snake!

' The following is a. statement by ASUBA.
the Albany State University Black Alliance. I!
was delivered by Howard Srraker and
Frederick Berryhill, the chair and vice chair of
ASU BA respectively, before the SUN YBoard
of Trustees last Tuesday. November 28.

The State University of New York owns
stocks in a number ofcorporations with major
investments in South Africa. These
corporations include Ford Motor Co..
International Business Machines (lBM).
General Electric. National Cash Register
(NCR). Eastman Kodak. Chase Manhattan
flank and many others. The university owns
millions of dollars in stocks. ‘

. lfhc South African holdings provide
material support for the system of apartheid
(legal race segregation). It provides legitimacy
for the white racicist regime. Black South
Africans live miserably under the system of
apartheid. Some of the facts of life for Black
South Africans are: 53% of all Black children
die by the age of five.

African children must pay for their
education. while whites are educated for free.
it is rare for a Black child to exceed five years
of schooling.

the average monthly income for the
African family is 584 while the South African
gotcrnmcnt sets the Poverty Line at $l48.75
per month. excluding clothes. medical care
and education.

Vapi M/.ongwana is a 26 year old African
who lives in New Brighton. South Africa. He
works for l-ord Motor Co.. a corporation in
which SUNY holds 3000 shares. it is also a
corporation in which Chancellor Wharton sits
on the Board of" Directors. Vapi Mzongwana
makes 5 l .09 an hour. By law he is forbidden to
hold a skilletljob. He is forbidden to use the
"white" bathroom; lockerroom orcaf'eteria. He
is not allowed to join a legally recognized
union. for they are all white. The one to which
he does belong to Black one) is not permitted
to strike. picket or even bring up grievances.

Ford is the largest U.S. employer in South
Africa and one ofthe top ten manufacturers in
South Africa. But Ford must followthe law of
the land. Ford‘s wage costs in South Africa are
one quarter of its wage costs in the US. while
the car prices remain the same.

l‘ord was singled out as an example ofhow
American corporations behave in South
Africa. 'l‘heir material interest makes them
resist any real reforms. lt is the legalized
exploitation of Black labor which helps those
corporations make returns of I9% as opposed
to the rest of the world's HA. Even the U.S.
Senate Foreign Relations Subcommittee on
Africa concluded. “U.S. corporations

operating in South Africa have made no
signiﬁcant impact in either relaxing apartheid
or establishing company policies which would
offer a limited but nevertheless important
model of' multinational responsibility."

Since these corporations don't seem to have
a conscience. it is necessary for the American
people to be their conscience.

Black people in the United States have a
long history in the struggle for equal rights.
We understand the plight of our South
African sisters and brothers. We are
connected by the same "roots." Black South
Africans in their struggle for human rights
have asked that America withdraw all support
of the South African regime. The Black
Community of' Albany State University feelsu
moral obligation to our brethrcn's request.

the Black students of Albany State
University call upon the Board of Trustees to
immediately sell the University's holdings in
all the corporations with investments in South
Africa and make a public explanation.

We call upon you to exercise your moral
responsibilities and follow the examples set by
the University of Massachusetts, Hampshire
College and Carelton College. These schools
have sold all of their stock and bonds of
corporations with South African investments.
We call upon tch Board of Trustees to follow
the direction of' Polaroid which no longer‘
deals with South Africa and First National
City flank which has stopped loaning money
to the supremacist regime.

We have been taught for years that America
ts founded on certain principles. These
principles claim "that all men are
created"equal" under the law. and everyone
should be allowed the rights of “life. liberty
and the pursuit of happiness.“ We, the Black
students of Albany State University want you.
the trustees. our "educators" and our“guides"
to live tip to your teachings.

We want you to remember th Black South
African infant who probably won‘t live to see
lnc years. Remember the Black children who
won't see the sixth grade. who will work for
sub-substandard wages. will be forced to carry
and identification card in his/ her own country.
and will die at a relatively young age.
Remember who supports this. Remember the
people who have been stifled from ever
reaching anywhere near their potential as
human beigns.

l‘he Black Students of Albany State
University challenge you to live up to the
University‘s former motto: "Let each become
all that he is capable of becoming."

We as members of the Third World, we as
members of the human race call upon you to
DlVl‘lST NOW.

 

Pat is Not

To the Editor
I was recently told by my RA that if I'm
caught smoking pot in the dorm he/she is
'obliged to report my name to, the
"authorities". First offense is a disciplinary
letter. A second offense more drastic actioh
would be taken. I‘m not taking issue over my
RA‘s action. since they‘re only concerned with
theirjobs. and this policy won't stop me from
gettin‘ high. However, the university made this
policy and it is an insult to my rights as an
adult to be able to choose. what's right and
wrong. Yes. pot is illegal. but its illegality is
being ignored throughout the world. it would

course and. not comment at all on the subject.

Now what really sickens me isthc university
t'imrlum's' the use of'alchohol. Dorm dues are
collected for the purpose of buying kegs and
liquor for dorm parties. in a sense. they're
saying its 0.K. to gctjuiced on a Friday night

 

be very easy for the university to follow this ’

but don‘t get stoned! I'm not asking the
university to change the drug laws. but don't
make a policy to tell me how I'm gonna get my
kicks!
Sincerely stoned.
Mike Raskin
P.S. They smoke Hash in the streets of
Denmark!

Thanks

On behalf of the Dutch Quad community.
we would like to send out our sincerest thanks
to Dr. Cannon for agreeingto appear as Santa
Claus at the Dutch Quad Holiday party on
Saturday. December 9. We are glad that
faculty members are involved in university
activities outside of academic areas.

Dr. Cannon is graciously devoting his
valuable time to our holiday party. it is not too
much to ask the studints to attend the party
and show l)r. Cartoon appreciation for his
effort. And. M AYBli you can even brownnosc
for an A.

. Micky 'l‘arpinian
(ircg Curran

 

_ v .o-....w....~, c. «- -nAVw-v ..._~

   

 

 

 

 

 

Four Unrelated Law
Haunts Students

by Todd Davis

Should I lie? The S.A. Legal Council
answers: you better or else they will throw you,
out of your apartment. My landlord answers:
You better or else one ofyou(there are4of us

typical) will be thrown out.

Lie to whom. the Bureau of Code
lznlorcement‘! The ordinance that is basically
anti-student states: no more than 3 unrelated
persons can live together in Albany City.
My apartment just had a visit from the
friendly certificate of' occupancy man. He
works for the Code Enforcement Bureau.
Supposedly he's coming around to protect the
tenants. Violations can be cited and landlords
can get in trouble. Until recently there hasn‘t
been any attempt to force landlords to get
certilicate oI occupancies for their places. even
though many apartments are totally fucked up
and landlords are getting away with murder.
Recently SUNYA student groups such as
Albany Student Union. SA and SASU, along
anti United tenants and OCA. have gotten
this llurcau off its political ass.

the result so far. has been negative. To get
back at students the Bureau is enforcing. all
right. but they're concentrating on the anti-
grouping law as exemplified by our
apartment. the result of'the investigation of
our apartment is as follows:

the friendly code enforcement man found
one landlord violation. only (we're lucky this

year we found a decent place) but we also got a
notice that someone is going to have to move
out. the message that the Bureau is giving
students is clear: don‘t complain or we will
make life difficult for you.

In general, except for students whose
parents own mansions, students ask for
something simple: half decent habitable living
conditions; not plumbing that works every
other day; not doors that don‘t lock and invite
burglaries. and hundreds of ‘othcr things that
students could complain about.

fhere is some good news. Student political
leaders and housing associations met with
Mayor Corning and I‘m informed that be
guaranteed to intercedc ifthc Bureau of Code
linlorcement tries to throw anybody out. So.
if you think you‘re apartment sucks. is unsafe
or you‘d like to complain to the Bureau and
tell them you want the apartment to have a
Certificate of" Occupancy. maybe the landlord
Will be forced into making repairs. On the
other hand someone in your apartment might
get thrown out. Right now I‘m on my way to
the NYl‘lRG office in Campus Center I
hope they can get Corning to intercedc like he
said he would. None of my roomates or i
would appreciate being kicked out into the
streets.

I‘,S.lf you have an oral lease. contact ()CA at

«457-3427 before reporting your landlord.

 

 
   

sin-a ', (1 Of 86111631161” ‘
@eatﬁqce

Yes folks, for a short time only you get not one,

 

but I'WO pages about advertising inc-ASPects.

The special this week looks at the mad world of o.

 

 

 

WT; 0a In. coat.
W? 5.6 5.

   

Li? 5
6H! 01?;

  
 

   

   

 trim/5
-

I

IN meeoor ms MA?

   

 
  
 

ITHlllK HSMAJTMSA LAVWR’

  

 
  
  

05' trim my my

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

last Chance Sale:

I Left—veers

 

Left‘handed pencils selling at half price.
All in favor raise your ﬂight: left hand.

...sce page 3a

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(Huttiptut

 

We’re going out of the bar review business,

81 we’re finishing with a bang! ‘Iltc‘Rat

(flutter

 

 see page ZaJ

 

 

 

