 

 

 

 

 

  

guest opin

  For The

ons

AdViSem‘ent Hunaround

by Ronn- Mandel

In the beginning there was University
College; created to enlighten and help the
students‘ quest for knowledge and
advisement.

Then there was the C.U.E. (Center for
Undergraduate Education) which promptly
lost sight of students‘ needs in its quest for that
ever elusive goal: efﬁciency.

My letter is written in haste due to my
overwhelming disgust with recent C.U.E.
experiences. I have noticed that there are only
a few individuals located in that ofﬁce who
have any substantial knowledge of student
problems (major or minor). 1. forexample. am
a prospective transfer student: I also wish to
go abroad. Has no one else ever attempted
this’!

When on so-called “advisor” encountered
my situation, she obviously hadn't been
informed as tothe procedures and had to ask
around. The third time I went since the
changeover, some ignorant individual sent me
all over campus to ask for the information
they're suppose to provide. Isn‘t that their job?
Can‘t they pick up a phone rather than giving
me the run-around.

“Go to the Student Affairs." one told me.
“They sent me here." I protested. Was it so
important to change the manner of
advisement in the middle of a school year?
Don‘t they ask enough of the students without
having to throw this upon us as well?

The student on line before me was told to
come back. The reason being. the advisor said.
“I haven‘t got a memo on that. although I‘m
sure one printed. A memo? These advisers are
counseling as by reading memorandums'I It is
quite scary to think about the effect of
typographical errors.

I understand they are searching for a vice
president for undergraduate education. Yet a
new vice president is not a total cure. The
initiative must be taken by students. If wejust
complain to the faculty. we are becoming
another statistic and the matter will go on
indeﬁnitely. lam fed up with hearing “It isthe
students‘ responsibility to check with several

sources.“ Why must available information be
scattered? My objective is to ﬁnd the
underlying factor which is causing extensive
confusion. There must be other alternatives.
The student peer advisement proposal is much
better than our present condition.

I am glad I have several reliable professors
to aid in discerning application questions and
requirements since no one in C.U.E. could
answer them. One person told me I would be
lying if my former French teacher ﬁlled out an
evaluation form. instead of my advisor. I've
seen my advisor twice and he always told me to
speak to someone else for additional info. My
teacher knows me and we have had meetings
several times. NYU or BU don't care about
names, they just want a reference from
someone who had dealt directly with the
applicant. Why should my chances for
acceptance be hampered by such trivialities'll
really don't even have the time. let alone
patience. to be hassled because of C.U.E.
personnel‘s lack of organization. If they
wonder why I may have been abrupt. let them
experience the frustration I have felt and they
too will know the reason for my anger. When
an advisor responds to a student‘s request. to
them it may be a headache. but our future
depends on correct guidance. It seems I always
end up calling the prospective college for
advice. My attitude used to be one of
submissiveness. now. however. I am ready to
discuss any questions with any individual in
the C.U.E. or Academic Affairs who does not
feel there is room for improvement. I take this
stand on behalf of the students who have been
improperly handled in transfer or abroad
related situations.

One ﬁnal note: I think far too many
students have suffered enough and I hope you
see that my point is to suggest that the C.U.E.
reexamine its structure so that they might
discover more effective means of advisement.
Your intentions are good but no student
should be further hindered by your current
transformation. You need to be made aware
that this treatment is a day-to-dny occurrence.

viewpoint

    

 

 

thanks
telethon

To the Editor:

I am writing on behalf of all the Wildwood
families to express our deepest appreciation to
all the SUNY students who worked on
Telethon '78 and to the campus population as
a whole which was so generous in its support
of this very special fundraising event. We
continue to beamazed at the amount of energy
and hard work put forth by the Telethon
committees in order to make the lives and the
future of our children a little brighter.

We thank Richie and Robin. Charlie and
Barbara. and everyone connected with
Telethon helps us enormously. SUNY should
be very proud indeed of its students and their
dedication to others.

Sue Goldberg. President
New York Association
For the Learning Disabled

campaign
comment

To the Editor:

One must realile that when running for an
ofﬁce here at SUNYA. there may be some acts
of foul play and destruction of small posters. l
was. however. the target of one of the most
atrocious acts of campaign insensitivity by
either one person or a group of people who
showed utter disrespect not only for me. but
for my campaign workers. friends and the
university community as a whole.

Last week while working on my Central
Council campaign. I planned to make a large
bunnered sign that would be hung up in the
cafeteria. I had already received an afﬁrmative
answer from Dutch Quad Coordinator John
Murphy on whether i could hang a sign in the
cafeteria. On Wednesday and Thursday,
myself and six other people made the sign. It
turned out to be a masterpiece. We put it up in
Dutch Quad cafeteria at 4:00 am. on Friday.
For the next twa days it remained up. On
Saturday when I ate lunch it was still up -— at
dinner it was gone. After inquiringpcople who
worked in the cafeteria that afternoon. I found

 

do that the sign was found torn up on the

ground at about 2:30 pm. on Saturday.
worker who found it threw it out ~ it
beyond repair. t

This malicious act was totally uncalledf 
The work put into the sign totalled over thi
ﬁve hours. Now many of my campaign pl
will have to be pushed back.

I do not think this unwarranted act
committed by any of my opponents lkn
many of them personally and l knowt
would never commit such an ominous .
Whoever did it probably has no concern
the key issues facing fellow students.

My major concern is that this cumpaigna
future campaigns do not become nttlckrak
monstrosities. I hope that all the untvcrs
community will give respect to toe people \\
want to represent them on the lmptlrl‘
issues facing students here at Sl‘NYA.

Steven ('opl

ﬁnger
reply

To the Edltor:

Ringers at Albany State'!

Yes. l‘ll have to admit that it docs http
every once in a while. In the process ol ll’\'
to run a basketball league 0! Int) tenmsi
very difﬁcult :0 keep tabs on every player
every team in the league. It seems wry:
and common sense to check |l)‘s at each ga
except for one important incl;
implementation of such a proposal is slut
impossible at game time. The reason lots
impossibility is the fact that each minute ha
be concerned with the conduct ol the gum
progress. and cannot worry about
succeeding game. In the event that IIJ‘s
checked. a time consuming process In its
the proportion oftimes that an illegal play:
found is minimal. Another thing to
considered is the fact that we. AMI/k n
have access tothe Gym fora limited nmoun
time each night and checking ll)‘s \\lli d:
the start of each game. Who wttnls lobe
one who has to tell a team that they can‘tp
at ll:l5 after they have gone to the (it
because the other games were delayed duz
wasting tintc checking ll)‘s'!

It is the policy ofthe AMlA L'unnctl, \\
not actively seeking out illegal players.
pursue any matter involving an illegal ph
which is brought to our attention t'llilcf
player or by a whole team. lzvcn though
may seem as though we are cncourttgtngte

 

 

  
 
  
 
 
  

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Close Encounters

 

Are 4 +2’s Kind!

HMMm... SOUNDS

EXcusE ME,mR.
sum PLE ENOUGH

ACADEMIC, ADVISOR,
BUT I NEED SOME

 

 

. l wAs CLOSE D
OUT OF ALL OF "W
Photo by Ronnie Buchanan

(3ng on MY PAST Bur I‘m A i
EXPERtENcEa'DSA‘I “"5 tattoos" AND :5

Bear THING tooow BE TO
Astronomer,

 

scan, I memento eors  '

AKt‘cwRSES ANDWWWM

, IENCE. No? us now WT

/ ac»
/

WPCH‘QWSFRY ,
ADD EWASoSED  ~ , .
tEUDANDTRYﬂD ‘ - o
[honouWAv'

9‘

NYSlLS (wees

 ‘ IéfbﬁstBLE-

 

 

