 
  
 
 

       
   
 

Sign up at Info Desk NOWJ

Portraits lalun In es 305
$2 Sitting Fee

fundedbySA I

 

W.

mam“,an as”-...,_ _...

., T enactment orth
camp Dimitri/I
Inlet-session

(3 resilient

Applications may now be obtained in the EA office
(CC 116) for employment at Camp Dippikill during
intersession. Your service will consist of heavy physical
labor working in the camp’s wood lot felling, cutting
’ and carrying firewood. The main qualification is that
you are in excellent physical condition and Wllllng to
work out-of-doors all day.

.t
i,
l

The job will begin on Tuesday, January 2 and finish
on or before Friday, January 19. _We Will work 15 8-
hour days. The weather will determine days on and days

 

. A”. hw—

 

 

 
’ Presents ' "

Abba Koblenz

Senior Partner of Koblenz & Koblenz
Albany law ﬁrm

 

‘ CC Assembly Hall
Wednesday Dec. 6
8:00 pm

Sponsored by Class of ’79

 

 

 

Intramural Rankings

BASKETBALL 5. Sophomore Jinx

 

7. Captured Angels

 

Lulu] o. llig Shots ti. Pan Reds ‘
L Polish 57. Eggs 9. l’oWerhouse
2. Tokens l0. (iodzilla
J. Entertainment League Ill
En'crpmc l. the Hunters League IV
mgue ll 2. Myasiti Dragons l. N. M. Firedrills
l. Rim Jobs 3. Penetration 2. Savage Prairie Dogs
2, 3,3, Bombers 4. Out of the Blue 3. Outlaws
3. Back Door 5. Papaya 4. Genocide
4. Potter Club a. Wizards-Cohen 5. Raiders
VOLLEYBALL FLOOR HOCKEY
League 1 League II I

League I
I. Freedom Riders
2. Downtown Blades
.i. Mother l’uckers
4. Cheap Shots

l. Lead Feet l. Cone Heads
2. State Quad 2. Hoses
3. In your Face
4. Number One

 

 

 

Editors Note: Rankings throughout the season are
ruled on by AMI/l Council members. Any questions
should be directed to CC 355 or 457-4203.

 

 

L

 

 

...If you
don’t know where to turn

... If you

- have no place else to-‘turn

 

continued from page twenty-four
the process.
Leading off in that victorious trio

three transfers from Orange
Community College on the squad.
iHeter'a leg of l:05.l broke the pool
record of Stephen Rehfuss. Joe
Shore swam the second section and
Rehfuss took the anchor leg and
swam a l:05.9 despite having
competed in the freestyle relay 15
minutes earlier.

“I planned on changing my stroke
iust slightly for the race
beforehand." said Heter. “i kept the
stroke longer. and more even,
instead ofthe quick,choppy strokes;
I also changed my hand movement a
little. 1 was in a good groove intrainin
hut lhanksgiving messed up my
schedule a little. I‘m still hopingto be
mentally psyched for the McGill
meet.“

Rehluss. a soph, is probably the
strongest swimmer on the team. He
holds school marks in the 50. IOO.
and ZOO-yard free events; the 100 and
ZOO-yard breaststroke distances; the
200-yttrd individual medley. and he
shares the record for the 400~yard

 

 

KEG-4’1 21

LES CISEAUX .
l-‘ASIIION llAlR CUTS
FOR MEN & WOMEN.
THE QUALITY OF NEW \‘ORK
THE ATMOSPHERE 01" PARIS.
ELIZABETH MARTIN
BEAUTY PROGRAMS.

1568 CENTRAL AVENUE. ALBANY
i/e-MILE WEST OF‘COLONIE SHOPPING CENTER

 

 

 

 

 

 

— Is God Calling You? —

“'l‘licrc :irc movements or the soul. dccpei tiiiiii words can tlcsciihe
illltl yet more powerful than tiny reason. \t lilL‘ll can izivc :i Illilll to Liam
licyond question or arguing or doiilit. lltzil the finger of (iod is here.
(itltl (lllL‘\ inspire lllt'll. Faith is ietitiirctl to :it'ccpl llltll rctility, Only In
llicdcrisioii to go . . did I liiitl the joy ziiid interioi pt-nt'c that are marks
of God's true intervention in the soul.“ He It‘tll/l‘I/l Mu W. (‘is/ck 
Have you thought of working for others in Afiicn. Asia. So. Aiitci‘teu'.’
A Catholic has such opportunities its ll piicst. brother or layperson
with St. Joseph's Missionary Society, the Mill Hill I-‘tuhcrs. Risk your
talent. your life, and win hardship. no iegicis. and ti chance to do really
great things with your life.

MIIch (iod is calling you.

“rile: Mill lllll l-titiirn

I177 Nemmimn Ati'.\'tmltcr\,N.\‘. lttlll.‘ tt‘l: t'lHiJ'iHilldS t‘lNNZJ-Jll‘ﬂl

llillllc W 7 u n .7 V ttttt‘ , I

 

 

address , 4g_,_ "7, ,
Cily._..______ ,7 _  W \llllL' , lip.
dittt‘til‘grnd __v,,u,.,.. ,7. .7 E _  . . , degree . ,,

 

 

 
   

Xlll OLYMPIC I

medley relay. 'l'hat's six marks and
all came last year as just it fresh.
lite chief gritudaters from last
year‘s IJ-Z entry were Dave Rubin.
Jcll Cohen and Bob (ionzcnbach.
l‘.\’t:ll though they were eo-champs at
last year‘s Relays and fourtlt this
yL‘ilr. White says his present team is a

 
 

HAPPY 21‘st BIRTHDAY ‘

 

 

was Frank Heter. a junior and one of '

HAPPY 21st BIRTHDAY HAPPY 21st
CD

, I purest, finest

stronger group. With his four
transfer participants and a good
stock of freshmen, he insists they'll
do. better in the later key meets.

“Considering all circumstances, I
was happy with our showing at the
Relays.“ said White. “Missing two
key swimmers in a meet like that cart
really hurt. We‘d have three top
swimmers in each event and then.
without Ahern and Zybala. we'd
usually have to go to an average
swimmer to complete the relay
squad."

Sharing University pool with the
women's team and the synchronized
swimmers. the men‘s team only gets
I“ hours of workout in the after
iiooiis. Showing a knack for
resourcefulness, White has now in-
itiated morning practice sessions
with each member required to attend
any three of his choice. Now.
swiittiners log 8,000 yards daily those
thice days each week.

“It‘s definitely one ofthe best ideas
around that We heard of.“ said
Shore. a soph, regarding the
morning workouts. "Those extra
hours help out since our afternoon
workouts aren't long enough. it also
makes you feel good during the day
to have swam in the morning. It gets
me loose and ready forthc afternoon
workout."

the co-eaptains for Albany are
Mike Dwyer and Stephen Stroms.
botlt freestyle sprinters on a close-
knit unit. A relatively easy training

Simply the light

 

cigarette papers
money can buy.

 

WE'RE BACK, RIGHT BEFORE

  
   
  
 
   
 
    

  
   

schedule iui helped morale.“

. Swimmers Hemmemé .  W W m m MW. ,.

fear practice as is sometimes the
case. “Everybody is really

enthusiastic and I look for a big '

dropoff in times oVer the season.”
White said. "

Bob Pettit, a freqtyler. John .

Doerner and diver Stuart Sperling
are some of the bumper crop of
freshmen that should help out.
Along with transfers Robert
Thomas and Tim Peet, they will
present a formidable group once
Zybala and Ahern can compete. The
back stroke may prove their only
woe later on. '

Originally, Albany had scheduled
a dual with McGill up in Montreal
lor tomorrow. But when McGill
moved the date of its own
Invitationaltothe verysameday,the
Danes decided they'd rather
compete in the competition than
miss a week of swimming. The ﬁeld
is clustered with strong Canadian
schools and New York powers St.
isiwrence and Cortland.

llie SUNYAC’s are set for
Liencseo from March 15-17 where
Albany will look to improve on last
year‘s ﬁfth-place ﬁnish. RPl. long a
bitter rival, strokes into University
Pool on Feb. 9 for possibly the top
dual at home all season, and White
says he is looking forward toa meet
at powerful Cortland the following
day.

Grappler Meet

continued from page twenty-four
lliiwkeyes. Syracuse‘s Ron

(iruhaugh will be up against another

runner-up National Champ. Bruce

Kinscth in the 150 weight class. At

iSti. l'om Harvey will take on

ltcshmaii Mark Stevenson oflowa.

Joe Mayo of Syracuse a 167-

poundcr. will oppose Mark DeAnna

iii a promising match. Mayo was last

year‘s National Prep Champion,

while DeAnnn took sixth in the

NCAA tourney. At I77. John

Doitghcrty. Syracuse‘s fourth-place
finisher iii the NY State
L'litiiiipionships will be up against
another New Yorker. Ed Banach of
Port Jervis. who will be representing
the National Champion Hawkeycs.

l‘)ll-pt)llll(.lt.'l' Mike l’onro will be
tip against Iowa's I976
.\|| Aiiici'ictiii. lltid l’ttlincr. or Lou
iliuiticli. At heavyweight, Steve
Ros/it will ltlkt: on Iowa's fifth-place
NCAA liiiislici. .ioliii llowlsky. This
dual iiicel shapes tip to a fine clash
scrum-n two Div. 1 opponents. but
Iowa has to bc Iltc favorite on the
latsis of their lnllll) returning NCAA
place winners.

I‘ollowiitg Syracuse-Iowa. the
()i'aiigemeii will tiikc on the host
school.Athuny.Staic.Syracuscisthe
liaiics‘ only Div. l opponent this
year. Admission to this fine card of
wrestling is $3 for adults. $2 for
students. and .50 for SUNYA
students with tax cards.

SUNYA students are asked to

enter the gym on the football ﬁeld
side. while all others are to enter via

the Perimeter-Road entrance. The
money taken in by the tournament is

 

     
   
   
   
  
    
    
     
     
     
   
   
  
  
    
   
  
   
  
   
   
   
   
   
  
   
   
 
      
  
 
 
   

     
    
  
 
   
  
 
 
 

 

‘ _ )wwrr; . used for the promotion and

- ( W~ de cl ct fw tl‘ ' th'

..: Off the JOb- ' 0 f th .Od Studem twp Announcing a new ASP service: Gripe-Line.  I- 298 ifl‘ijo THE HOLIDAYS! ar:afwiiidlmii’iistcrfidmgbyn th:
The My Will be $348”. or e pen ' It you’ve been hassled and had no success with any  '9‘“) Adirondack 'l‘hrec-Slylc Wrestling

paying undergraduates only. Room provided at The
Glen House but not board; complete kitchen available.

Association. Last year. the
association sent competitors to Iran

existing agencies, it you test you're being ripped on, either on
or all campus, It you tool like you’re tied In a mass at

T-SHIRTS 

 

. 1 Join the Lake placld _ and Polaitd to take on international
' ’ bureacratlc red tape. or It you simply have a problem and - i Winter Olympics glletﬁlzlgSﬁ-nglﬂlﬁ BEAUTFUL [EATHER GIFTS competition. H
don't know where to turn - . - Great Christmas Gifts $523.0” OLYMM as on IHE MAI. . .Albany -
‘r' . - -l‘ t 0 t T do t
-,~ Turn to Gripe-Line. Just address complaints. problems, — _.°_G°1!°ELGE“d_"‘°lII°EB"‘L _« J’L‘L —~ ~ AT mw Pm ! 3.133., inmniisoﬂitiy‘X‘c 230;“:

Applications must be returned to CC 116 not later

TWIN RIVER ENTERPRISES
than Wednesday, December 6, and you will be

niveri ROAD
LAKE PLACID. N.Y. 120w

etc. to ASP Gripe-Llne. CC 329 and drop It in any mailbox on-

()neonta beat the Dance by one
campus. We’ll try to untangle your situation or help tlnd

QUANTITY 0” $5.95 “It ——-——— lpoint in last year‘s dual meet.

 

 

 
   

 

uoizzaomz norm: ‘4 W1 .

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

contaaed by phone no later than weqneﬁday’ someone Who can- gEEN‘ND pun; 75¢ HANDLING . ~—   & 
December‘13, if you have the job. A complete listing of mummy s». MED L XL mm ENCLOSED _ﬂﬂﬁ g g
successful applicants and alternates Will be posted in . L. I CHILDREN I, ALL mwﬂx N m
cc “6 on December 13. interviews required for top Gripe- “19 NAME  CC my
applicants. ‘ ' . *DDHEss Pm“ ..  '

t“  l “m STA'IE . s... s- —

 

 

 

N“—
. DE
‘tttttm r ' ' I ‘ CEMBER I. 1973

 

