Coach Motta: “We Finally Put It T

by Eddie Emermnn .

Inexpcrience has been the one
problem which has plagued tlte
Albany State varsity lacrosse team
all year long. The yottng stickmeit
lost their first live gantesand the out-
look was grim. V

But since then. the team has turn-
ed it around. Wednesday‘s l4-5 vie»
tory over Siena was tltc team's 'e-
coitd straight and third in tlte last
five.A|bany‘s record now stands at J-
7.

Danes‘ coach Mike Motta was
tltrillcd with the win. "It wastlie best :

gantc we've played here (Albany) iii
lottr years." said Motta. "We just
totally dominated play."

And there are sonic strotig
statistics to back up that claim:

' lhe Dunes rodc lor 75 percent.
( lhc average a teatit controls tltc ball
is 33 percent).

'illL‘ Danes cleared the ball 75
percent of tlte time.

G l he Dunes scored 44 pei‘celtl ol
tltc iintc in tlic titan—tip situation.

'lile'vcn different Danes pttt the
ball past the Siena goalie.

'Stcna scored only IJ percent ol

Track And Field Squad
Wins Despite Records

by Fred Stern
|he Albany State track and held
teatii triumphed titer Williams and
Union Colleges on luesday. 7S-ti-l-
50. iii the team‘s last ltoitte attd
regular season meet ol the year. lhc
Ditties liitislicd the :L‘llStllt at Ill-l.
Hie meet lcatttred two spectactilat
pcrlor'mcrs lrom tlte visiting schools.
Williams sported tlteir powerlul
liaitiiiier thrower. Larry liiiinci.
wltile l‘ttiott boasted ol lloh Motlet.
tlteii liglttttiiig last 440 man.
\cither performer disappointed
tlte good crowd that wason hand tor
the I)ancs' triumph. l'trst. lannct
stepped irtto the cage and threw the
haittmer l90'7" tor a itew Albany
trttck record. llte throw wasnot only
good enough to qualin lanrtct lot
the Division III National meet. btti
lnr tltc Divisioit l meet as well.
Alter lanner's perlotntnncc.
Molleti til Union ltad a tough act to
Iollow. Coach Bob Murtsey called
Molch  .just ungodly. You have
to see ltiiii move." Mullet did not
take a back seat to further. lhc
nationalIy-rankcd runner sct
another track record ol 49.2 iii the
440. as well as leadiitg Union’s iclay

' [Uillll ID (I \lCllll).

llowever. tltcsc

were not enough to strip tlte (ueat

per hit niances

Danes.

Senior Mark Dalton. aco-captiitii
ol the sqttad. linislied hislast meet at
Albany State in style. Alter taking
third iii tlte iittle. Dalloti won the
tltrcc-iiiile. his last event on the
Albany track. Another graduating

senior. |.ou Robiti. scored tour

A Success

by Paul Scltwartl

it is simply the largest. iitost
successful program iii the university.
As others lose interest and people.
this program increases in both ctei'y
year. Stressing total participation.
its goal is simple; have lttn.

7W

lhc intramural program at
Albany State is a veryl good one
Aniost half at the undergraduate
population is involved withycither
the Association of Mcns lntrainurals
(A MIA) or the Women‘s intramural
and Recreational Association
(WIRA). making it by far the single
most popular activity in the school.
With more titan 50 different ac-
tivities to choose from. it literally
offers something for everyone.

»- A M: a“...

\nltiablc points lor the Danes Ill the
thiowtitg events.

Don Dioss won anotliei t-
tertitediatc ltttt'dlc race. and
ttibtltcd a total til I} poiitts to thc
'\lbaity cause. Jini I'ollittd took the
Hill-\at‘d dash. attd his specialty. the
high hurdles. i'tlillll'tiJ'CtllthililUtl. lot
tltc sccottd conscetititc week. lot the
Duision [II National meet.

I rcshinan .lell Simon is pioting
to be a bright spot lot the Drincs'
ltltlll‘epttispccls. lhc iinstoigltinipct
grabbed seven points lot Albany.
w tilt in second iii tlte tiiplc |ump and
two third-places iii the longand lttglt
lumps. Miinseycitllcd Stnion"oncol
those guys that gets his potttts thl'y
week. He got tliciit when we had to
ltave tlteiii."

lhc meet was not without itstcnsc
ntotiicttts. lliiion had it chance to
come witliirt strikittg distance til
Albany wlten the pressure ol tough
competition arid heavy wtrtdscattsed
.lolin Veraio to lottl out It] tltc
jitteltii. l‘ortunatcly. third-place
Williams finished one-two iii the
e\cnt. keeping the big points away
lrom ltnion.

\‘erttto atengcd lttritsell witlt a win
in the sltotptit. He also clinched the
meet for the Danes in the last ctcnt
ol the afternoon. tlte disctls. Albany
itecdcd only a third Iront Veittto. but
he ga\c tlictti a lirst.

Munscy called the meet. "a great
team win. and we had to work like
hell to do it." lhc teaiit now has the
5t.\t M meet this Satitiday at
I‘lattslitugh. in which I'tcdtinia is
latotcd.

t'llll’

llL‘tl\ll_\’

their shots on goal. .

Albany made quick work ol the
lndians in the first hall. llte
stickntcii tallied eight times wltilc
Siena came up with a big zero.

lhc closest Sieiia got was 3-3 early
in the third period. Albany came
back to score two goals and coasted
the rest of the way.

loin (ii‘a/iosc. l‘rank Dthenctto
and Art l‘ruhas eaclt ltadtwo goals.

(iary Miller. the Albany goalie.
gate tip only two goals. and made I4
sincs. "Uary stopped iust about
cterything iii sight." said Moria.

Moira also ltad praise loi Mike
Dtitet. Dtnct had the responsibility
ol containing Stetta's Kctin O'Shcn.
()‘Slten in his junior year has maria],w
ed 0h points itt tlircc yc.tts. \tid
Dttiet did the job. not allowing Iinti
anything.

" I lie tcaiti litially ptit ll together .'
sriitl \lottn. ‘ tybc we re L'illtiillttp
tip on expertence."| lie Ditties close
iitll ilteii hotttc season tod:t\ against
\cw llit\ctt :tt 3 jun. oit tltc lactossc
Iicld. Albany cttds tltcii regular
season oit luesdtty at k olgrttc.

Friday, May 5, 1978

J
UPS

Albany‘s Dan Uoggln llres a shot on goal In the Danes‘ recent
victory over Union. The Albany sllckmeii defeated Hartwick14—5.

Batmen Blend To Defeat RPI 5-2

by Paul Seliwttrtl.

Strong pilcliing.clutch hittiiigitud
tcaiit spirit all blended iogctltct oit
lttcsday lor' the Albany State \aisity
baseball team. lhc result was a 5-1
\ictory over Rl'l. the l)illlL‘s thud
stiaigltl wiit.

lltc strong pttclting was supplied
by llt'ltce Dey. lhe sopliontorc
httrlcr went the distance. scattering
seven hits and picking up Il'it:
strikeouts along the way.

"My lastball was good. bttt Ill)
cnrvcball was even better." stated
l)e_\. ".\ear the eird til the game. I
was wattng till the ltisthall becatisel
wanted to throw lltcclll'tc. lwas pitt-
ting it where i wanted it. and the
citric caugltt thent oll guard a ten
times."

llie clutch littttttg caiiic lll the
se\cntlt inning with the | lanes down
by a Z-l score. lhc lti'st two Albany
batters made good contact.i. bttt
hoth tailed to reach base. llicii. alter
toiir walks loi‘ecd lll‘lllc l_\lIt}.' lllll.
('hits Sicgler punched a double into
lclt held to bring ltoiiie the two \\lll-
ning inns.

in the satiic Hitting. the Danes‘

tcaiti spirit caiiic ttito play. l’aul
\elson walked. stole second atid ad-
iaitccd to third when theth row ll‘tilll
the RH catcher went itito center'—
licld. Al (Irittialdt Iollowcd with
another walk. and tlllltlt'tillllrl) stole
second. by this tiiitc. the bench
. jockeying from the Albany side
began to ltcat up. llie shaken Rl'l
pitcher intentionally walked the
pow'crIttl Roger I‘lantier lot the sc-
cotid time.

"I wasn‘t surprised they walked
Roger." said baseball coach Hob
litti'liiiganie. "He lttt a titplc his lost
tiiitc tip. aitd they iiittst hate read
about his tune Rlll's agaitist Siciiti.
lhc} were alraid of hurt."

\\ tilt the bases loaded. John Daw-
still stepped into tltc batters hos. As
tltc \lbaiiy players continued tlteii
\crbal distractions. the RH pitcltct
lost complete control ol tltc strike
/otic. \\ tilt the courtt at twottnd one.
Rl'l's coach went to the itiottitd to
who his pitcher. His calm pitcher
tlicii proceeded, to walk Dawsott.
sending Nelson down the Itiie witlt
the trying run.

In the lirst iiicetiitg between the

Story That’s Called Intramurals

"i personally would compare our
intramural program with any III the
country." states Dennis lilkin. coot»
dinatoi ol intramural £lllllL‘llL’\.
"Utlicis iiiigltt ltavc more money or
more participants. btit in terms ol
the number ol progiaitis we ollet
and the way they're set up. ottrs rates
with the best,“ (An interview with
l‘llkin will appear on Tuesday iit Part
ll of the intramural series).

What is dillerertt abottt the III-
tramural program at Albany is the
amount of students that participate
at the administrative Iciel. A l4-'
mcmber AMIA council. headed by
President Len (ioltlnian. makes
many decisions arid judgments that
other schools leave to an individual
supervisor.

"We handle intramurals on a more
oncrto-one bttsi " states (ioldritan.
"Other schools ltave one director

who sits iii a cltair arid says 'this Is
how I decided it should lief"

lhc WIRA is set tip along the
same lines. having it tcn-tncmber
council. lioth UtillllCIrS respon-
stbtlitics include pttbltcity. equip-
ment. officials arid protests. lhc
protests. says (ioldtttan. are not easy
to ntakc decisions on.

"You always think you llllH.‘ tlictit
ligurcd out. bur then one comes tip
that‘s a curveball. it little dillercnl
lioiii tlte others. We try to take each
easeindividually." 1

Looking down the intraiiitti'al
calendar. it l'i obvious wlty the
program has so many enthusiasts. It
ollei's just aho.tt every conceivable
sport or contest for men. women and
also coed. liacli sport has more than
one leagtrc. providing players with
various degrees of ability art oppor-
tunity to play on tlicirown level, for

people with little or no interest to

athletics. there is still a great deal to

cltoosc lront. Chess. bridge. pinball

and lll\l:l contests are oiin a small
sample ol what can he participated
n.

“WIRA has just about tltc saitic
that AMIA has." says
WIR A president Alice Regan.
" I bet ' i interest in tlieitt. and our
participation has increased every

new ities

year.

in atlditioii. it is remarkable how
well-run tlic organi/alion is.
Scheduling and arranging facilities
lot over “)0 softball or basketball
teams isti huge undertaking With all
the confusion that cotrld very
possibly ltappeti. it is rare that arty
mishaps oecttr. l’laycrs get to games
on tinte. referees show tip iii the right

plat: schedules are met and

continued on page IIiiI'Ict-n .

two teams. Albany was soundly
bcatcii 15-3. Rl’l began where they
lelt oll. wtttt their liltli batter smackr
ing it long two-run homer.

"i don‘t know ltow he hit it. ' said
lley. “It was it pretty good Iastball.
bitt ltc tllsl got around on it."

the Danes scored their lit'st lllll tn
the second inning. Siegch was lttt by
.i pitch. Larry Scoriilla walked itlld
\like Ilarg connected loi an |<|ll
dotible.

\lliiiny was able to get iunitcis on
base iii almost every iittitttg. bttt had
trouble keepiitg them on. \elsoii led
otl tltc game tor the Ditties with it
walk. bill was picked oll first base
alter a series ol close calls.

In tltc tltird iitiiittg. l’lantici was
hit by a pitch. and adtaiiced to tltttd
on a bad throw. Willi no outs and a
possible scoring opportunity. l’liin-
tier was caught wanderinga little too
far oll third bascand wasalso picked
till.

l’l'tllll the third through the sixth
iititiiig. Dey laced oiin one batter
over the minimum. Mixing tip his
pitches effectively. Dcyslitii Rl'l out

the last seven innings.

In the scvcittlt. a ground single and
a catchcr's intci'lercncc call ptit
runners oit first and second for Rl’l.
I he nest batter ltit it ltaid llllL‘ diitc
back to the mound. Dcy managed to
get it glove tiii it. and the ball
deflected to Uriiiialdi at second. w lto
catigltt the ball licloie ll hit the
ground lor the tltiid out,

I or the Danes. there were tlcliiiitc
signs that an outbreak was tiltlblllg.
Scot/illa arid Mike Miiabella both
bit long outs to ccntcrlteld tocnd the
ststh inning. lhc tirtttg Rl’l pitcher
tltcii gate tip a hard line shot oll the
bat til llrttce Kac/niarek to lead till
the seventh. llte ball was caught in
lelilicld lor an ottt. btit it lelt riii titt-
ptcssion. lhc Danes then managed
to eltcer across lottr rttits iii the iii—
iiiiig to seal the victory and lilt the
team's record to 7-4-2,

l'laying steady. llt. ds tip baseball.
the Dattcs are an exciting team to
watch. ll they cuntintte to get the
good pitclting. clutch hitting. and
teatit spirit. they cottld sooit become
art nit-intuit“; team to watch.

/ TU ESDAY

 

Vol. LXV N0. 24

0 1918 by Albany Student Press Corporatlon

Faculty Retains Student Senators

by Aron Smith

SUN YA‘s faculty voted
overwhelmingly yesterday in favor
of keeping students on University
Senate for another two years.

Considerany more than 229
faettliy members required for a 20
per cent quorum were present for the
ltand eotirtt vote at the semi-annual

faculty meeting in the Campus Center

Ballroom.

Acting SUNYA l’rcsideiit Vincent
()‘|.e;iry. Senate Chair Donald
liishko. RCO PM) ’or l'liillip
litllllpkins. SA President Dave
(iold. and SA President-elect l’aul
l’eldinitit spoke iii lavor ofrctainiiig
the JR student Senate positions.
Political Scieitcc l’rof ssor llcrnai'd

“I ltave learned the inostabout un-
dergraduates this year." said
()‘Leary. “I strongly hope they will
continue to be represented in tltc
Senate this year."

()‘Leary said that all the alter-
natives must be surveyed before
sttidents are excluded from the
Seitate.

“Any action to remove students
from the Senate preeniptorily arid
totally would be unwise." he strid.

liight years ago. said (iold.
SUNYA students marched on the
Capitol. dctitaiidirig that Hobby Seal
be released from prison. that the
l‘aculty-Student Association (now
HAS] donate 525.000 to the lllaek
l’aiithcr Defense Fund. arid that

against Defense Department ac-
tivities. In contrast. he said. students
in I978 are merely demartding
representation in the Senate.

“One oftlte positive steps taken as
a result of campus unrest has been to
pit! students oit the Senate." said
(iold. “We have tried to support the
faculty. we have tried to stipport the
University. Please do not let one of
the few positive effects of that titr-
iittiil die because of tltc need for a
separate faculty body."

“l iltotigltt it was going to be
dcleatcd." Ilisliko said of tire
proposal. “'lhe vote was clearly iii
favor. It wasn‘t even clo. .

"I tltitik we should ie ard studcttt
membership iii the Senate ‘ls status

 

.lohnpoll catiic otrt a
iiientbersliip on the Senate.

by Aron Smith

programs.

SCl'lllllb lone.

quality.
to do so.

"a vet

programs.

He also disctt ed the Si
SUNYA

\___

 

tins! student

rO’Leary Reviews Year
At Meeting of Faculty

Acting SUNYA l'residcnt Vincent O‘lcar'y asked tltc faculty for
their stipport and reviewed the year's progress yesterday iii art ad-
drc s to the semi-annual factilty meeting.

We need your best efforts.“ said (YLetrrv itt concluding his ad-
dress. "I proiitise yoti you‘ll have mine." ' A

He received a standing tivatioti.

V0 Leary said he has "broadened and deepened his understan-
dings oftlte University" over the ptist year. Citmingfrtim the School
til ( rtriiinal Justice. which deals printarily iit Mns‘tcr‘sand doclbral
poi'gratiis. U'lcar‘y said he lacartted tiiost about undergraduate

Alter joking about breaking SUNYA tradition by cancelling
.ses during a snowstorm in January. ()‘l.eary took a more

I ill-CFC appears to be no fear of reduction iii staff this year." he
said. However. thcrc‘wtll be restrictions on the number of vacant
positions which we Will be able to fill."

Our purpose. be said. is to itintntaiii programs of the highest
adding that it may be necessary to redepltiy some faculty

D'lcary mentioned Moore l’.t’. Bonn/ofIt’t-gcnix. which lie called
I) important case. ‘ and which will determine what authority
the State Izdttcation Department has in terminating SUNY

(iovernor llugh Carey. he announced. has d‘sapproved an SED-
proposed o tie-third cut in the nuntbcr of S U N Y doctoral programs
P I) I ‘s ttntavorable review of the Chemistrv
Ii progtant. arid the sttbsequettt suspension of that program by

chcral government as a

ﬁ

SUNYA sever all coitlact with the
protest

quo.“ said ‘lompkms. "Students
have been titeiiibers for nearly a
decade. l tltiiik we should not
change. unless the proponents of
change are willing to assume the
burden of proof."

leaching. the adviseitrent procc *s.
curriculum require-merits. arid mter«
disciplinary programs are subjects
which SUNYA students are in-
creasineg concerned with.saitl held-
ntart.

“Students are becoiitiitg much
itiorc interested in academic policy."
Ire said. “These concerns must not be
heard by an ad ltoc committee or a
task force. I feel it is important that
all constituencies remain oit wltat is
our governmental ‘ampus."

by Matthew (fox

At its last meeting of the year.
Central Cottncil last night un«
aiiiiiiottsly approved a surplus SA
budget for next year.

The 1978-79 budget. which dic-
tates how the $66 enclt SUNYA tiri-
dergraduate pays in taxes is to be
spent. totals over ltalf a iiiilliott
dollars when combined with the
scparatcly-devcloped SA athletics
bitdget.

The Council vote marks the eitd of

 

('Ulllflllll'tl on page ﬁve

a long process of budget decisions
tirade by SA officials over the past

State Unlverslty of New York at Albany,

May 9, 1976

IH’ ulnli'o/f

The SUNVA laeulty voted overwhelmlngly yesterday In lavor ol
extendlng student memberahlp on the Unlverslty Senate

in speaking before the faculty.
l‘cltlttliltl quoted a passage front
loi‘nier SIINYA President Emmett
l‘ields‘ Mission Statement. urging
that students be represented in the
Senate "not because it's good for the
students. biti because it‘s good for
the University.“

“Don‘t tell me about canei‘ience!"
shouted Political Science Professor
llerrtard Jolinpoll. “if you want to

Council Passes Surplus

months. While at least two SA fund-
ed groups. the Jim. Society itiid Sail-
ing Club. had been considered for
cliriiinatinn. ito groups were coni-
plctcly cttt iii the final version oftlte
budget.

Only one sport. varsity golf. was
eliminated front the athletics budget.
The largest cut in that budget.
eliminating funds for coaches to at-
tend coaching cliitics. amounted to
$28.37.

As part of ttii effort It) increase
revenues. the athletic httdgct also in—
cludes a stipulation that adini .‘itlll

Man Accused Of Murder Attended SUNYA

by Jon Hodges

A statement released yesterday by
the university confirmed a New York
'l'ime report that Richard Harris. a
ZJ—year-old fnrrner Yale student ivlio
is acctiscd of murdering his girlfriend
with a hammer. did iitdced attend
clas at SUNYA last fall wltilc free
on bail.

llie 'l imes'article. which dealt not
so ntttclt with the guilt or innocence
of llcrrin as with the impact that
such a killing has ltad on the lives til
people who infrequently (if ever)
ltave to face violence. related that
llcrrin. registering under the name
Richard James. ltad enrolled iit four
undergraduate anthropology
cotirs . ititd was on caiiiptts altitost
everyday.

llte article stated that when State
Senator Joseph l’isttni. who was
hired by the victim's parents torts. st
the prosecutor. confronted the un-
in s'ity with the inforitiation "the
president hastily called llerriii ill.
asked for an explanation. and decid-
ed that llerrirt sltoultl finish the

semester's work off-campus."

in yesterday‘s statement. the
SUNYA administration admitted
that llcrrin bad enrolled as a rioti-
tlegrec student for l‘all til '77. aitd
after meeting with university of-
licials was dismissed. SUN Y A Cout-
itttinity Relations Director I'ltillip
Johnson would riot state wltetltcr
llcrrin ltad riict personally with Ac»
ling SUN YA l'r'esidcnt Vincent
()‘llcary. but said. “We will rttit dis-
pttlc the New York litiics' story."

According to Johnson. the
meeting with llcrrin took place sortie
tiiitc iii the latter part of October.
.lohnson refused to give oltt any ad-
ditional inloriitalion concerning
llcrrin. citing the litteklcy Amend-
riieiit as protecting llerrin's records
from being opened to ptiblie
scrutiny.

According to Acting
Anthropology Chair Rieltard U.
Wilkinson. a student ttndertlte name
“Richard James" had indeed been
enrolled iii fottr undergraduate
courses iii his department: Intro to

lliological Anthropology; lritro to
Cultural Anthroplogy; Intro to
Archaelogy; and Intro to
Linguistics.

"Richard James“ is listed iii the
SUNYA directory as a non»
matriculated student.

llerrirt was reported to have been
strtyirig til the Christian Brother‘s
Residence on the Li alle Scltool
campus just across the street from
the downtown dorms. When cun-
tacted yesterday. the grottp said that
llcrrin wtis no longer at the residence
and ltad left town.

Contacted at the Legislature.
l'isani expressed doubt that Merritt
was still at l-aSalle. saying that
"evidently he's decided to go under-
cover." l’isani explained that llerriit
was staying at_ the Brother's
Residence as it guest and not as part
of the LaStille program. which is for
adolescents awaiting trial. l'isnai
said that his lttst contact with llcrrin
was over a month itgo.

llcrrin Wits dismissed lrom
S UN YA on the basis ofcritcriit out-

liticd iii SUNY‘s Rules aiid
Regulations for Maintenance of
Public Order. llte document. which
is a code of conduct approved by the
SUNY lloard of Trustees and bind—
ing on all persons who erttcr
ttiiiversity»conirolled property. con-
tains a section that allows fora stu—
dent to be suspended iftlicre exists a
“clear and present danger" to either
himself or the university community.
While due to the llucklev Amend—
ntertt inforitiation on such suspen-
sions is difficult to obtain. the iris!
titiic that the “clear and present
danger" doctrine is thought to have
been invoked was iii the case last
year of John Rose. ll graduate siti-
deiit who allegedly ltad a blackjack
iit ltis pos ‘on and was threaten-
ing to hurt or kill a woman residing
at lirttbacher llrtll.
llcrrin's trial oii second-degree
murder charges is expected to begin
Monday. In the pre-trittl hearings
this week. presiding Judge Richard
.l. Daroneo barred the news ntediti
continued on page IWU

have art all-University senate. fiite.
littt first let‘s ltave a faculty Senate. I
think. for the sake oftlte University.
there ought to be it place where the
facility can be heard. and that's a
faculty Senate."

“l recognize the need fora faculty
board." said (iold. “1 support it.
However. don‘t create it at the ex-
pense of student participation iit

con/1‘ mm] on page ﬁve

SA Budget

fees be charged whenever feasible for
attcitdancc at home sporting events.

SA Ailtletic Finance Committee

Chair Debbie Raskin said all home
basketball games should be affected
by the new policy. as should he at
least one soccer gante and two foot-
ball gaincs scheduled to be lteld at
Bleccker Stadium iii the city of
Albany.

Admission for tax-paying
students to these events will be 50
cents. lD-ltolding students will be
cltarged $l.00. and the general
public $2.00.

Trip lines in most SA-fundcd
group allocations were eliminated.
as part of wltat S/‘t leaders ltavc
termed an attenth to move away
front funding activities which affect
small groups of students.

(iroups which fcach larger
amounts of students. like campus
rttedia. are funded more lteavily iii
the budget than are sortie other
groups. Cantpus radio station
W(‘l)ll-FM, for example. the fourth
largest item on the SA budget for
next year. will receive over 330.000.

Two groups which were cttt sub-
stantially will have to make up
money they lost this yetirdue to poor

conti‘niwrl on page two

 

 

INDEX
Classllled.

Sports 
Weekend"...
Zodlac News

UAS Budget see page 3

 

 

 

