  
   
    
 
 
   
   
 

 
 

 

far; .

to.  held on Sat. & Sun
Stadium

 

 

In “any

spanked. by Easier Seal's Society. ‘ Pizza Hut. and the"
1- ' ' v  * » 'fFiimily".-

., A _ 22 a 23 at lleelter

Each player: that participates will receive a T-shirt
and a $2.00 gift certificate from Pizza Hut. Also,

each. team will receive two free

cases of beer!

Trophies and other rizes will also be awarded!
Men, Women and (red, teams welcome.

ﬂinfo, please call: Len Goldman at 457-5203 (9-5)

or 472-9340

or Andy Berstein at 489-5581 (9-5)

 

 

(The (ﬁtting that “airliner Ewart! . .
Because SUNYA students

should have a choice

A. L. E.

The Alternate Living Environment -for
a different kind of dorm involvement.
Mandatory Interest Meeting April 3 at 9 pm

Dutch Penthouse

" Questions?-Call Denise 7-7987

 

 

 

 

 

 

MAR”! 31 -

 Tower East Cinema

WIZARDS

on animated. {an
iron the. creator
of FNT'L Tue Ca1-

FRIDAY m SATURDAY

APRIL I

l6-7

 

7:30 W

10:00 PM.
8.75 w/t.o.e.eud $1.25 wont

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE 2A

 

 

' With

By MARK J. MeGARRY

hat we have here is three ﬁrst

novels by authors,

published within the

conﬁnes of the science

fiction field. but which
could not be moredifferent had they been
designed to be.

The Adolescence 0f P-I by Thomas J.
Ryan was published in hardcovers by
Macmillan Publishing. and comes to us
as an over-size. quality paperback
courtesy of Collier books. its subsidiary.
It is an unusual treatment for any book.
moreso a novel. and morcso :T‘seiencc
fiction novel. lo add one improbability
onto another. this is Ryan's first book.
Why this special treatment! Search me.
Though it is an adequate novel. I did not
find it meritorious of such treatment.

Simply. it is the story of Gregory

Burgess. an over-sexed. slightly immature
college student. He rooms with astudious
teen-tiger whose interests lie more in
computers atid mathematics than
biology. Nevertheless. he itiitiiiiges to win
the only girl Greg ever became
emotionally involved with. which
traumatiies Greg. lo occupy his mind.
and perhaps sub—consciously in an
attempt to duplicate his roommatc‘s
qualities. he turns to computer studies.
For his own amusement. he writes
trouble-making programs which
eventually find him expelled from the
university. By that time. however. he has
managed to worm his wayinto inter—state
and inter-continental computer systems.
and he generally wreaks havoc on other
people‘s computer-time. Greg matures.
gets a job in the computer industry. and
forgets about one particular program he
created. P-l. |’-l is a self-perpetuating
program which eventually, inexorably.
takes on the appearance of intelligence
and senticncc. When it has reached a
stage of self-awareness. it looks for. and
finds. its “father.” In order to do this. it
must revcal itself. and in so doing it
attracts the notice and animosity of the
government. which does not appreciate a
program which has given itself access to
all our military secrets. The military acts.
and |'-l reacts.
This is not another dreary “rampaging
computer" story. but I personally found
the opening sequences. when Ryan
describes the precise ntitUre of the
program. and of P- l ‘s growth. rather flat.
His characterization of the human
protagonist is much more interesting. and
well-done. By the second halfofthe book.
all of the hardware has been explained.
the story progresses. and it is not a bad
story. either. It is $4.95. and is not a bird
buy.

Dying Of The Lighl by George R. R.
Martin (Simon and Sclitistcr. $9.95) is it
differetit kettle of fiin front either of the
other books. but in its own way it isjust us
tasty. Martin is no tyro in the sf field. His
stories have been appearing since I972.
and he had won several awards. This first
appeared in Analog in I977 under the title
After The Festival (and one which I
prefer).

"lng t'Larien is the protiiganist. Unlike
is assassinm- “a
L ._ 8 ll maturing

experience when the book opens. Years

 

mm IWDIN‘!‘ PRIDE

wonderful

 
 
 

Saul

before. he had loved a girl. Gwen. and was
unable to accept the fact that their
relationship had ended. As a token of his
undying love (or light). he gave her a
“whisperjewel.” and kept one for himself.
Each was imprinted with one ofthe lovers
auras. The agreement was that one c01|d
send his or herjewel to the other. and the
other. wherever he or she was. would
come. Dirk sent his after six months.
Now. ten years later. Given sends llcl').
Though he had not heard from her in all
that time. he goes to her. to a world called
Worlorn. Worlorn is a wandering planet
without a sun ol‘its own. When it neared a
sun. it was decided to hold a Fesitval of
Worlds there. during the fen-year "day"
Worlorn would enjoy. Now it is after the
festival. the monuments and Cities are
largely closed down. and only ii ten
thousand stragglcrs and st tidcnts remain.

When Dirk arriics. he l‘indsthat (iweu
apparently does not feel any great loic for
him. as he had expected and tliatslic ls
apparently “bound by jade and silver"
married to ti nobleman from a planet
where the code diiello is a method of
displaying honor.

Two plots develop simultaneously
One is the quadrangle that springs up
between Gwen and Dirk. and with .laan
(her “husband“) and .laan'x
broihcrtfricnd. Janaeek. intertwined Ill
this is Dirk‘s concept of honor. which isai
variance with .lanacek's and Juan‘s.

The other plot involves the habit of
some of Juno‘s countrymen for hunting
the other inhabitants of" Worlorn.
intelligent and otherwise. According in
their own culture. they are iii the riglii to
do so. Juan is "tainted" with ii culture
more in line with our own. and seeks to
save these innocents. lhc concept of
honor affects him. and .lanacek and
Gwen too. as deeply as it does Dirk.

The book is atnbitious. By portraying
the characters of different cultures. it
mirrors those cultures in a very
convincing way.

A point which allows me to display foi
you a common thread in these books: lhc
jacket copy states that George Martin I.\
married to Gale Burnick. The dedication
for the book reads “for Rachel. who loved
me once." I think that is gutsy; in fact. the
one common characteristic of all three
books is their daring.

Science fiction is still dominated by the
action-adventure novel. It is often
disguised. now. with ultra-accurate
science and flashy. pyrotechnic literal)
techniques. but the fact remains. i hate
nothing against either original lCCilntqtlt'
or accurate science. What I do object to lh
the soiillessness of most science fiction
These writers are more in touch iiiili
their emotions than Wllll the
encyclopedia. and rightfully so. Ilic
thrust of any fiction must be ils
characters. Because science fiction has
been. historically. more dependent on its
backdrops and gimmicky pseudo-science
than on the strength of ll-‘I
characterisation. the latter has atroplucd.
There have been exceptions. down the
years. but that is the general trend.
Perhaps that trend is breaking. If these
books are taken as evidence for that. then
there is hope.

 

 

 

 

r

 

By DANIEL PETERSON

eing a bitter and taciturn type

of fellow. it was only natural

that l have a secret aspiration

to forsake the world and

perfect myself according to
the highest spiritual standards 1 could get
my hands on. So when I heard that a
Tibetan Buddhist Meditation Center was
providing an opportunity for Americans
to tread the Middle Way. a series of
upheavals oecured in my life‘s schedule. 1
have the good fortune to be getting credit
from this university for attending a
schedule of work. study. and meditation
at Karme Choling.

With the assistance of Robert Garvin
of the Philosophy Department and Dick
L'ollicr in Undergraduate Counseling. 1
applied for independant study in my last
semester as an Asian Studies Major. My
adiisoi‘. Dewitt lillinwood and (iarvin
succedcd in convincing the Independent
Study ('oinmittee that meditation is a
necessary skill for acquiring a rich
understanding of Asian modes of
perception. So on Mb. I. my father drove
me the 200 miles from Schenectady to
Barnet. Vermont. just off Route 9| near
the New Hampshire border.

Karine Choling was founded in I970 by
('liogyam lrungpa Rimpoche. a Vajra
master associated with the Kagyu lineage
of Tibetan Buddhism. A Vajra master is
an adept tantra practitioner who has
attained enlightenment as a result of
receiving oral transmission of mystic
teachings from his guru. 'l'rungpa
Rimpoclte is one of a couple of Vajra
masters in North America. and is the
personal gtiru of several hundred
.‘\Illcl'lCllll$.

As i suspected would be the case. most
of my preconceptions about Karme
('lioluigl \icrc dashed within il week. You
can imagine my shock and dismay when l
ictili/cd that the place is populated by
people obsessed by many of the same
types of thought and beliitiior one is apt
to find at Albany State; I had not escaped.

Because of the crowded living
conditions here. i hate physically about
as much space here as I did iii State Quad.
It also came as a surprise that out of
almost ltlll residents. only mysell'and one
other pcisoii are \cgctni'iaiis. Bottle and
\L‘\ are by no means absent. Some
tisccticisin Is practiced Iicic on the other
_____________—_——-

I:(/fli‘l“\ \oIc: f)llllft’/ Pele/awn f.\ u
oli'm/n'r o/ the (hm u/ '78, prawn/Ii"
inn/inn: (II [\(If'flft‘ (Int/mg m li-I‘nunif.

 

 

  

   

hand. There are absolutely no illegal
drugs around. No music is allowed except
on days off which occur once every two
weeks. The first rule is in effect because
people here want to get along with their
neighbors. The no music rule is in effect
so that meditation practice is not
disturbed.

Though I had previously done a
considerable amount of reading in
Buddhism. I did not actually know how
to meditate. I made up little practices.
pretending to purify myself regularly in
the privacy of my bathroom. etc.. but as
the insanity of my life began to crescendo
and the power of my readings in
Buddhism deepened iii me. 1 reached a
state of desperation. It is therefore ajoy
for me to take refuge in regular
meditation practice.

My first introduction to meditation
was a bit harsh. | elected to participate in
a Dathun. l~or tltc month of February. I
followed a strict schedule which included
ten and a half hours a day sitting. It was a
brutal thing 1 did to my knees. l'wenty-
five other people followed the same
schedule. All of us did simple Hinayana
practice. which is to sit cross legged.
hands on the lap \Hlll good posture. and
watch the outbrcatli. We allllippcd out.

During free time i would discover
myself doubled oicr and tears streaming
down my face. laughing in convulsions

that vergcd dangerously on an eternal
schizoid state. I found the rumour that
meditation is better than acid to be true.
Perhaps it was the disciplined life which
built up such explosive energies. Almost
everyday for some reason or other. I
would be overwhelmed by waves of tears.

One purpose of sitting is to make
friends with yourself. Thoughts
inevitably arise on every conceivable
nature. quite naturally. By coming back
to the outbreath and seeing a thought as a
thought, simplicity occurs. The famous
Zen saying. "When I walk. i walk, whenl
eat. I cat“ can be more fully appreciated
after sitting. because mindfulness
develops. One begins to fall into the habit
of watching oneself in the moment.
washing a dish. rinsing it. drying it. It is
quite graceful to be mindful of what the
body is doing. what the thoughts are.
what emotion is occuring.

Despite the fact that semi-deva
spiritual sorts are not found in profusion
around the place. Karme Choling
provides a good atmosphere to develop
mindfulness. if some cranky boss in the
kitchen comes around and is a pain inthe
ass. the situation is actually a good
opportunity to practice mindfulness. A
Buddhist does not try to emulate divine
behavior. but through being mindful of
one's own natural character. including
petty habits. sexual perferenccs. likes and
dislikes. and so on. an openess develops.

 

ALBANY IWDIN’I‘ PRIDE

s. viii-NW t

   

There is actually enough room in the
universe to unfold. Obsessions begin to
dissipate. Mental health of sorts sets in,
though there are no guarantees. There are
many aspects to sitting, and since I am
only a beginner. I am afraid that this
incomplete description is all I can relate
from experience.

At Karine Choling one starts with
Hinyana practice. advances to Mahayana
practice. and further to Vajrayana or
Tantric practice. It is weird for me, the
lowly little Hinyanian. to walk past a
room and hear bells ringing away,

mufﬂed chants. thumping sounds of the '

tantrikas doing prostrations. it is
something I know little about. but one
can be assured that Tibetan Buddhist
traditions are now being embodied by
Americans.

Now that the Dathun is over my
regular schedule is as follows:

6:30 wake-up
7:00-8:00 sitting
8:00-8:45 breakfast
8:45-l0:45 sitting
l l:00-l:30 work period
I :30-2130 lunch
2:30-5:30 work period
5:30-6:00 tea time
6:00-7:00 sitting
7:00-8:00 dinner
8:00-l0:00 study group
l0:30 lights out

I am on the carpentry crew. and at
present we are remodeling the kitchen.
When the snow melts. we are going to
build a retreat hut. i am in the Advance
Hinyana study group and in April will
start the Mahayana studies. The
discipline of the schedule at times is
frustrating. Sometimes it takes a bit of
effort to get going in the morning.

I was quite sure that to cure my insanity.
my existential nausea. my distaste for the
aimless way many people pursue their
lives in America. that I should go into
retreat. l was under the impression that
Karme Choling was just the place for me.
My attitude was actually alienation. not
the disinterest of an enlightened person.
So going into a retreat would have been to
abandon the search for sanity. to run
away. Here. one is told to turn the shit
into fertilizer. work with people, work on
projects. be mindful of all the games
people play. and the games one plays on
oneself. Anyone who would like to come

to visit for a day are very welcome. There >

is a guest host in charge of visitors. It is a
good idea to call ahead of time (802) 633-

2384. between ll:00-l:30 or 2:30-5:30.

PAGI M

 

 

m s- 11

