  

 

ith Jack Frost nipping at our

noses and street corner Santas

clanging 'tin bells in our ears,

another winter arrives. For

the advertising world, it's

another merry green Christmas.
Thousands of neurotic, strung-out copy
jockeys, the mad men of Mad. Ave., have
been brainstorming for months on how to
grab you by the collar and shout in your
face, “Hey, buy this," but with chic cool
and trendy kitsch. They strive for the
hook. I hey pursure a line, a riff, a cachet
that will stick in the innocent bystander’s
none-too-innocent sub-conscious, and
lay there, embedded like ﬂy zygotes
waiting to hatch. Waiting for now.
Waiting for the big Christmas rush. That
7 mad frantic frenzy of uninhibited buying.
They love you on Fifth Avenue, and, oh

yes, Merry Christmas.”

Jay Gissen

Christmas is the big holiday. it‘s the
time of the big sale. The big movie
(Superman, Moment by Moment); the
big book (Mommie_Dearest, Jackie Chi),
and big album (all the live and greatest
hits money grabbers), the Big Deal. We
spend more, buy more, eat more; party I
more (and go to school less). laugh more,
cry more. and by the way, committ
suicide more.‘Statistically, Christmas. is
also the most popular time for suicides, so
tnark your calendars.

Advertising‘s prime time is Christmas,
but the business of selling soap flakes and
razor blades rages on all year. it is a
billion dollar a year industry, though the
only inventory is that which the ad man

 

twice a day. And it is essential to a
successful economy. Without the
advertising revenue, .a copy of the New
York Sunday Times, including salaries of
the writers and editors. and printing
costs, would work out to be about $l2.00
an issue. Without advertising there
wouldn‘t be free TV. That means we
would have to pay to goggle at Cheryl
Ladd or the incredible Hulk (whoever‘s
your speed). Maybe you think life would
somehow be richer without seeing
scatterbrained housewives dip their

 

Movies like the upcoming “Superman”

  

Walter
manipulations of advertising, calls

   

have become small con
diversifying themselves into diiferent areas to spur sales.

husband‘s shirtsin mud and ink to test the
uselessness of the other leading detergent.
Maybe you think it would be gravy to go
through life without hearing Crazy Eddie
ever again. (Who unlocked 'that guy‘s
cage?) Maybe you think it would be
terifiice to stuff Fruit-of-the-Loom's all
cotton briefs down Howard Cosell's
Grand National mouth. Maybe youthink
l’arkay Margarine tastes more like lard
than butter.

Although they wouldn't call it
deception, they do call it persuasion.
Advertisers are in business to get you to
buy their client's products. Using modern
computer technology, demographics,
statistics, surveys, tests, and other means
by which they can determine who will
potentially buy what, advertisers
calculate how to sell a product, who to sell
it to, where, and when. There are inﬁnite
ways to sell. Frank Purdue dares anyone
to show him a better chicken. Robert
Conrad dares you to knock the Eveready

battery off his shoulder. Karl Maiden‘
dares you not to leave home withoutyour
American Express Travellers Checks.
lhis is the l Dare You school ofthe hard
sell. The approach is to make the
consumer feel like an idiot for not buying

hc product. The soft sell, much more

subtle, cuddles up with the target
consumer, and whispers in his or her ear
either in a macho or Garboesque feminine
manner. The message is a signifigant
deviation of the hard sell - only an idiot
wouldn't buy this. “All my men wear
linglish Leather,“ says that sensuous she-
dcvil. Buying the stuff doesn't seem too
high a price ifshe gets thrown in with it. in
_ our sub-conscious minds we associate the
carries with him up and down the elevator C

ologne or liquor with sexual

grandisement.

Liquor ads are notorious for what Dr.
Kay. ‘21 student of the

Subliminal Seduction." In his book of

the same title, Kay points out that a
recent magazine ad for Seagrams was
very effective in increasing sales of the
whiskey because of a seemingly simply
picture of it
according to test samples was perceived
by viewers to be the hostess, leaned
against a wall-to—wall mirror while a man

party. A woman, who

 

  

i

 

glomerates,

 

could not be her husband because in the
background another man, taken to be the
host, was talking to another couple,
oblivious to his wife. Everyone else at the
party was mated up except for the Lone
Wolf at her ear. whose facial expression
seemed to suggest a delightfully immoral
proposition. The smiling woman
appeared to be toying with the idea. In her
reflected image on the mirror, a line cut
through her arm, separating herinner self
from the wedding ring. the symbol of
marriage. We know the prospect ofa little
action on the side didn't offend her
because the traditional castrating symbol,
ice tongs, lay untouched in the ice bucket.
llchver, she hasn't agreed to the Lone
Wolf‘s offer yet, because his hands are
still in his pockets, a posture of unsurety.
Meanwhile, on a table in front ofthem are
three tall bottles of Seagrams, uncorked,
and ready to spurt the golden fluid into
the vacant glasses beside them. You can
guess what that‘s symbolic of. The
subliminal message, that Seagrams is
connected with sexual adventure, is
implanted in the sub-conscious mind and
may not surface again for months, or
until the next time the target goes into a
liquor store. The sub-conscious picks tip

 

I
n/

 

  
  
   

hints much faster than the conscioiis
mind. The famour Farrah poster, which is
the biggest selling poster ever, may him‘
been helped by the S-li-X scrolled lll
l“arrah‘s hair. Other subliminal dL'\|t'L‘\
are as blatant as the “ll—tiny" Pm“Cd
upside down in the shadow of a glass Hi 11
famous name brandy.

Certain age groups are piishcd \i‘llh
certain products. The high school-collch
age groups are the prime targets for nith

 ndNouif-I word 
Seventeen. More Bu

  

 

Our

      

/

iecords and movies. The a ons used to
reach you are commercials during the
most popular TV shows in the 17-29 year
old sub-range, and the omnipresent
inagalincs, which, if not bought, are at
least thumde through. Time magazine
alone received $250,000,000 in ad
revenues last year, with more expected
this year. Movies, like the upcoming
"Superman," have become small
conglomerates, diversifying themselves

L‘w'm ;.E.- ' '

3:” . v-

ATuR’Dtﬂ
a ﬂight?”
‘ Feverv

 
     
  
 
 
 
  

 

n went eas with the hope that

I

each ' he sales of the other.
Currently available are two books on
Superman, and one on the “Making of
Superman." 30 cotiic out soon. There are
postcrs,}ali:'ndars, wristwatches, and T-
shirts/There's also a soundtrack album.

(A ' these, a little industry unto itself,

¢7Qarc tied into the as yet unreleased movie,

which is a spin-off of the comic book.
And all are given a big ad campaign to
boost and keep boosting sales. They
magic word is HYPE!!! /

lhc soundtrack-movie tie-in had been
increasingly popular lately. "Saturday
Night l‘cvcr," (the movie) was carried to
success on the back of its soundtrack,
which is the biggest selling album of all
time. with 30,000,000 units sold
worldwide. The figure is expected to swell
after the Christmas buying results are in.
[he second biggest selling album of all
time is “Grease,” that other RSO(Robert
Stigwood Organization) mini—
conglomeratc which is fast on the heels of
its disco sister. The third RSO monster,
"Sgt. Pepper“ didn‘t do so well causing
RSO men to assume that the procedure of
releasing the soundtrack a month before
the film was weakening. The ad agency
handling the next RSO blockbuster,
“Moment by Momcnt," is changing the

Gone are the days of the corner maiket, and Joe the butcher,
and Sadie the seamstreSlS. We only know what we’re told.
We’re told what to buy, where tog: and how much to spend.

 

l

Dogs ill Chris

 

 

 

process by releasing the record a few
weeks after the ﬁlm opens. The movie is
somewhat of a "prestige" ﬁlm starring
John Travolta and Lily Tomlin. When it
opens on December 22, only the singl‘
will be released. “This time the'movu
will be out there on its own to establish
itself," said an RSO promo-man. On its
own, but with $2,000,000 wonh of radio,
TV and newspaper advertising. The
album, picking up on the predicted box
office success of the movies, will be
released in January.

With millions'of kids on vacation from
schools during Christmas time, the
studios are releasing thirty ﬁlms at a
combined total cost of $200,000,000
during November and December. All
have been or will‘ be pushed by extensive
commercials atid newspaper ads. A full
page ad in the Sunday Times Leisure
Section can cost well into the five ﬁgures
range. A page in Esquire runs about

$55,000. The same in Time, for black and I

white, is about $70,000. Four tone colr
ads are slightly more expensive. TV spots
on a top rated show stretch into the
$l00,000 per minute price range. The
effects of TV compared to any other type
of ad is immense. Even on the local level,
as the big department stores found out
during the three month newspaper strike
in New York, one TV ad, even a wild,
non-prime time spot, can reach more
people than the entire newspaper
campaign.

Emphasis this year with department
store ads will be more television
commcricals and more ads in suburban
papers. There are several reasons for the
changes. One is that many department
stores are decentralized, with outlets in
Nassau. Wcsiclicstcr, New Jersey, and
some all over the country. Ad pages in
suburban community papers cost less
titan those in the News, Times, or Post,
and, according to statistics (statistics are
the lifeline of advertising), more
department store customers live in Great
Neck .than in Soho. Also, based on the
hugc increase in sales duringthc I976 and
[977 Christmas seasons, the big chains
are out “to beat the drum a little harder
this year.“ in the words of'Gcorgc Hanley,

You don’t have

 9

sales promotion director of B. Altmans.
Wary of tightening family budgets due to
inflation, some stores feel it‘s necessary to
spend a little more onluringthe customer
oi t' the street. “Sales will exceed
" .ristmas ’77," said Paul be Blang,

iarkcting director of Saks Fifth Avenue,
on “Christmas '76 will be hard to beat.“
Only Bloomingdales, the sacred shrine of
“Les Chic" at 59tMnd Lex., and the
biggest of New York's class department
stores is bucking the trend and sticking to
mostly newsprint. Comparing the two
media, Alan Ducal, ad manager of
Bloomies, said'“. . .maybe there’s a five
percent differential one way or another
but that‘s minute."

Either way, in TV, newsprint,
magazines, or radio, advertisers are
screaming in our faces, or~ whispering in
our ears, to buy, buy, buy. All the big
firms, J. Walter Thompson, N.W. Ayer &
Son, Benton and Bowles, Young and
Riihicam, and all their men in grey ﬂannel
suits and women in grey ﬂannel skirts are
competing like tigers for your attention.
Doesn‘t that make you smile?

If the business of America is business,
as Cal Coolidge once waxed, then the
business of Advertising is America. Gone
are the days of'the corner market, and Joe
the butcher. and Sadie the seamstress. We
only know what we’re told. We’re told
what to buy, where to go, and how much
to spend. We spend money like it‘s going
out of style every Christmas, and
advertisers are there to make sure we
spend those inflationary dollars
correctly buying their client‘s products. In

the push and shove delirium of Christmas '

shopping we stop thinking with our
conscious and let our sub—conscious do
the hawking. Now all the implanted
sperms, carefully fertilized through the
media for the last few months ﬁnally
hatch. We buy what we'retold to buy as if
it was a genetic inheritence. So buy this
because try living without it. Buy that,
because baby, aren‘t you worth it‘.’ Buy
now, beat the rush, on sale today only.
Buy it here, because we know what you
want. ()h, and by the way, Merry
Christmas.

 

 

 

to be Jewish

  

0 love Levy’s

real Jewlsh Rye

 

 

t

 

 

This Levy's rye bread campaign of the 1960’s was one of the most successful
ad campaigns in history. substantially boosting Levy's sales and profits.

  

 

