 
 
 
 
  
   
  
 
 
 
  
   
 
  
  
   
 
   
   
  
  
   
 
   

,. . a _ .._,._,_..~.__..s._~‘..__——.¢-—

      
   
  

  

 

 

3.))

 

L

 

1N ASSOCIATION WITH THE ASSOCIATED

PRESS

699

NY. STATE STUDENTS’ RADIO NETWORK

-—- will be presenting

-nENbﬂCUWm§BEWeHaﬁU1
Coverage in the Entire Capital District.

JOIN US STARTING AT

9 RM.

FOR CONT INOUS ELECTION
NIGHT COVERAGE.

HID—ti

 

 

 

 

 

Class of ’80

—- sponsors a—

Trip to Boston

NOV. 11th

Leaves Circle 9:00A.M.

Leaves from Boston
Midnite.

First Class Coach Service
Spend the day as you wish,

87.00 - Class or '30 dues :
payers
88.00 - All others ‘

Tickets on sale Nov. lot In
the>Cnnpuo Center & Contact Ofﬁce

 

4t

 

PAGE 2A

nmm' 3, 1973

 

rsurvivittim On Bars l

 

aturday night.
Maybe you're at Bogart's.

Or perhaps it's yet another

quad party. Section happy

hour. Hoor extravaganza.
Maybe even the l’-Pub munching on a
cheeseburger.
Which is all perfectly ()K. unless of
course it‘s qttiet intimacy you seek. That's
a precious commodity within the
SLNYA community. Problem is.
whether it be an on- or offeampus bash
or the weekend bar scene. chances are the
music is a bit too assaultive. the elbows a
hit too crowded. and the conversation a
bit too strained.

Ed Hooy

So there you are. you and your date or
dutc~to<be. romance is in the air and the
stars are In your eyes. Except it's not quite
your ld_\lllC setting. what with the soccer
team spilling beer in your lap and some
lrzit winging pieces of the men's room at
your date.

faking the dilemma by its proverbial
horns. you suavely ask if she (he) would
"like to go to someplace quieter." and. if
you‘re lucky. soon step out into the night
hand in hand. But where to go'.’

bunny you should ask . . .

A good chmcc would be Justin
\lchils. a small. mellow retreat on Lark
Street. Down three steps and through the
double doors one enters a long. rather
narrow room. Tables to the left. a bar to
the right. seating is at a premium. but one
is Usually able to secure a small table
within a few minutes or so.

from there. the usual relaxed drink-

sipping rules apply. One cradles a glass of
the hard stuff while talking matter-of-

lactly about anything semi-intelligent.

from the Warren Commission Report to

the Existential Neurosis and the Roslyn

 

 

 

 

 
 

Undergraduate. There is no pinball. no

 

 
   

l

3}

 

 

Through the double doors of
room wlth tables to the left

5 ‘

  

  

Justin McNeils:
ﬂ Mellow ﬂotroot

 
 

Juatln McNoll's ono enters along. rather narrow
and a bar to the right. (Photo: Tony Tassarottl)

televised sports spectacular and no
pitcher contests. Gone are the alumni
sounds of Led Zeppe'in and beer beltbes

McNeils does serve heft). potent
drinks. My 7&7 was quite large. it deadlt,
and I'm told that the Bloody Maul .th‘
something to write home about. liter: ls
alsoacompletc w'inelistfortheferirieiitcd
lruit-ol-thc-sine afficionados among tlx

Perhaps the coup de grace is .\lc.\eils
limited by delectable menu. A pleasant
respite from the UAS blues. it offers well-
prepared tasties for both dinner and
between-drink munching. Prices. aren't
quite cheap. but neither is talk these lJtt‘ts.
and the whole package can be written off
to a necessary social expense if all goes
well across the table.

Although few entrees are offered each
evening. all are well-prepared. McNeils
seems to think themselves a rather
exclusive eatery. as its dishes transcend
the usual cheeseburger and potato chip
mediocrity. Featured are such items .o
scallops. veal normandy. and broiled
swordfish. Certainly a few steps ahit've'hc
Campus Center.

Cheese platters and the like are .‘
available if one doesn‘t want an -.
dinner.

Dessert is a must. whether it trillion
liquid or solid. The usual fare of cakes.
pies. and ice cream is offered. I sit nigh
recommend the chocolate cake \s
pleasing to the eye as it is to the palate. it
features a sm00th. rich. absoltiteh
heavenly chocolate frosting liberailt
smeared about the moist devil's food
cake.

Good food. good drink. and a stibtltictl
atmosphere are what Justin MchIls is
about. A fine place to ease up on file
throttle for a while and enjoy a quiet little
evening with whomeveryou care to spend
your quiet little evenings with. llie
perfect spot to spend the time between the
party and your apartment.

  

NOW“!!! 9,5 1918

 

    
  
    
   
         
    
    
     
      
   
       
    
    
     
  

admit it. I‘m an addict. Have

been since I ﬁrst heard

“Rosalita” and probably

always will be. So when I

heard the Boss was going to be
at R M l was ecstatic. Hell. RF! is full of
nerds who are into calculators and Barry
Manilow and could care less that
Springsteen was playing at their
fieldhouse. I could get front row centers.
no sweat. I honestly believed that. I also
believed. until recently. that popes didn‘t
die.

Joan Brandjesky

So far all I had was Springsteen. Rl’l.
Nov. IE. I needed more information so 1
called my friend. 'l'abby. He‘s not a
MRI). lle's at Rl’l because it‘s RH and
would transfer in a mintth if New I’alt/
had engineering. "Spring Fucking Stecn."
he screamed into the phone. “Where?
When?"

"At Rl’l. asshole." l mtimblcd back.
“l‘m at Albany and even I know that.“

"Sorry. look I‘ve been locked in a room
hitting sex witli n computer for the past
two days. You sec. I‘ve got this project
due ... ()h. llcll. Sl’RlNUSl'liliN.
Wow!"

"Look." he continticd. “Let me check
around and see what I can find otit. I'll
call you back. okay?“ .

'labby got back to me with the
following: two lines. Rl’l students and
general admission. They had reserved
2600 of the best seats for R H students.
“Okay. 'labs. how does one get on the
Nerd-city linc'l"

“'l'he what?" he asked, not quite
catching on.

“'l‘he Rl’l liiic idiot.“ l impatiently
translated. Christ. what a waste RPl's
made of him.

“You need one Rl’l Ll). for every two
tickets you get onthe Rl’l line. maximum
tcii tickets.“

“Wonderful. Now what?"

“Look.” he said. “ljust bribed somelof
the guys in my ball and you‘re twentieth
on line."

“Fabulous!” I yelled in my premature
joy. “Look. I‘ll get you the money by. . 

“ l he only catch is. you‘ve got to stand
on line yourself."

At 8:00 p.m.. that night with two fast
approaching midtcrms looming over my
head. wearing enough clothes for a
llnflalo winter. I was on my way to RP].
We got lost 5 times due to 'l'ttbs‘ bad
directions and or the 'l'hai stick we were
smoking tilt the way. At any rate. we met

liibby at his dorm (a rut hole if 1 cvct'saw
one) around 9:30 and set off for the
licldliousc. What I fotmd was not it few
freaks llllti nerds hanging out in the cold.
but rather ll combat command zone. with
the enemy directly in front of. behind. and
on all pushing and shoving sides ofyou. l
was itot twentieth on line. I was a member
of group number twenty. with the
nineteen that proceeded the being made
tip of about twenty people each. I

 

valinm I found iii my coat pocket. (When
was the last time I wore this one?)

swallowed my pnnic with ti couple of

Tabby introduced me to the_Gang
leader for this expedition. who I
immediately named Spunky. He looked
more like a white—haired cocker spaniel
than a person. One thing he had to his
credit was he knew all the right people. He
was “buddy-buddy“ with the line
organizer and was "really tight" with the
R [’1 concert Board. [also thought he had
all the angles figured out. but then again. 1
still believed popes . . .

In any case. I was not here to judge.
Spunky had 5 l.D.‘s for me. a place in line.
and a half gallon of Seagram's Seven.
Now before 1 left. I promised myself. I
was not going to do any partying of any
kind with these people. They didn‘t know
me and tiiigltt not think my usual
intoxicated behavior (like ripping. bricks
otit til the wall and tttkingtttrgct practice
at my friends with them) was ftinny. So
stay straight. kiddo; hey. it might be a new
experience. lint my i'Lsi'tancc weakened
and l downed my first fifth after my first
offer. lab made it snide cotnmcnt about
me slowing down. btit Spttnky marvelled.
It was duringi my second fifth that my
i'csistnncc totally went. llcll. l'ubs cottld
tell them an old. messed-up childhood
story. I look otit my film case ofcokc and
made the usual polite gesture and then
piocccdcd tti snort the whole tlting.

During the following free-floating
minutes. we were joined by two other
comrades on litie. llte first was 'l'crry.
later tti be replaced by Robert. later by
Steve and so on and so on. They were all
nice guys. no complaints and rather good
company. The second guy reminded me
of a young Vito Corleone and was
probably the son of a Mafia hit man. Vito
Wits truly a macho Italian whose
hormones were saying. “Female. attack!"
the moment we met. When Tabby left the
liiic at 1:00 am. (on the feeble excuse he
had a test the next day). l was out ofcocoa
resein and at Vito‘s mercy. Being
extremely protective (and horny) he
decided to keep me warm the entire night.

Imagine trying to get a feel through eight
layers of clothing? Around three in the
morning. I could tttke Vito and his
warmth no longer and went for a strole
around tltc grounds.

My mciiiiderings had a multi-purpose.
line. I did want to get away from Vito.
btit I also wanted to see what was going
on since 1 was now straight. I couldn‘t
handle the fact that I still faced 6 more
liotirs (only (i! 11A!) with Vito and
Spunky. At least not wltile l was straight.
I needed something and Spunky was out
of Seven. I wanted mcscaline. speed. acid;
l was desperate enough to take
piii'nquated pot. -

As I walked tip the liitc a bit. I found
grottpsjust like the one I had come from.
Small. rather loosely organized rttbblcs.
But about tenth space on line. I noticed a
change. lhiugs look the form of an
RU'I'C boot camp. I wondered what
cotild explain this phenomena until 1 saw
a banner with the letters A'l‘li on it. Ah-
hit. l-rat Land. Since the guys couldn‘t
have food fights they get each other on
ticket lines! The organization was
incredible; I wandered a little closer and

l was desperate enough
to take paraquated pot

 

 

 

l
...,...‘.............-..--.u»..~.

Foor ﬁnd Laothing m 

surveyed the situation. Winnebagos and
VW vans were parked in a circle. Most of
the occupants were asleep inside. but one
guy. who looked like a Marine Sergeant
was standing outside. readying a walkie-
talkie for communications. “Mobile one
to 'l'appa Kega Beer. Mobile one to
'lappa Kega Beer. [)0 you read me.
IKB." lle barked into the radio. "TKB
here.“ it crackled back. “What's the
scoop. Brutus.“ (how fitting).

“0K. roger." he answered. “At 600
hours. support group two will replace
battle utiit five. until unit bean assemble.“
“What the fuck are you talking about?“
base station answered. "Send Jim and
Seotter until Mike and 'l'iny get through
with their test and then send down
everyone from the activities committee by
nine.“ “()K. right.“ answered base. “IO-4
and otit.“ said Brutus. No wonder the
Army likes to recruit from R Pl.

Still without chemical stimulants. |
:ontinucd my search for a seller. Now. I
can usually spot one a mile away. but here
iii Nerd-city. looks deceive. l scoured the
sleeping huddles tititil I saw the smiling
face that was to become my savior. He
looked straight enough. glasses. short
hair. a boy scout sleeping bag. bill that
smile of his was it dead give-away. I
walked over to him and struck up a
conversation. “Cold. eh?" “Now. it's
okay. this sleeping bug‘s seen u lot.“

“You go to [(l’l'l"

“Say. yoti know where I can score
soiiictliiiig‘.’“

“l tliotiglit you‘d never ask.“ My face
flushed with relief at the discovery of a
source. llc dug into his knapsack and
look otit a test tube. “I've been kind of
drained. things are rather active here. you
know. and all 1 ltave left is this blotteracid
I made in Client class.“

I would have taken battery acid at that
point. The deal was set (so I didn‘t get the
extra ticket to scalp) and the mttgic
mystery tub was mine.

Just as the sun rose. th‘ acid took

._.......-...-..,----........;roan.tA .

 

   

 
  

Bruce Sprlngsteen: the lnsplratlon behlnd the darkness at the edge of the
Rensselaer and many of Ms. Brandleaky'o quaalude Induced tentacles.

effect. Good chemistry department here. 1
was relieved to remember little of what
happened for the next few hours. 1 do
remember the surge ofthe line at 9:05, the
non-movement for an hour around ten
('I'KB had decided to pay for their $l200
worth of tickets by check and the box
office wouldn’t take it until the president
of Chase Manhattan would confirm it.),
the surge of people on the General
Admission line (but you‘re getting better
ticketsl). Vito following me around like a
puppy-dog. Spunky whining like a
puppy-dog and what-ever-his-name-on-
line-was looking like a puppy-dog(Really
nice acid!).

Around two in the afternoon. my mind
started to clear and I realized lwas still on-
line. “Otin about another hour." said
Spunky under interrogation. Another
hour! Christ! We already spent seventeen
in the armpit oflhe universe. I was getting
really pissed off. I was even questioning
my loyalty to Bruce. But only for a split
second.

At precisely three o‘clock. tickets in
hand (damn good seats too). I ripped the
door off l'abby‘s room to find his
roommate preparing to have intercourse
with his calculus book.

After an eternity of trying to get
throtiglt to my hoine (one of my chatty
roommates was calling her leg waxer in
Great Neck) l secured rescue from this
God forsaken place and crashed on
'l'abby‘s bed until they arrived.

Kind hearts and thoughtful, too. The
live Quad extension service which had
been sent to get me brought the rest of my
mescaline and my Teddy bear. Wrapping
tile in a blanket and promising the Jack
Daniels and tea at ltome. l was packed
off. clutching my sacred tickets and
dreaming about Bruce.

So long. Fuggots! It‘s been real. l'll be
back November 12. And Bruce, if you're
reading this. dedicate "Rosalita" to me. I
deserve it.

 

 

 

 

 

 

___,.———

 

 

!__——-

 

 

 

 

 

 

