"'V-ru. _. ' "—2—— ‘-..-.~~——.¢n,..,,.~.—.___

DWBRelglell  '

V pacemagmawtr "
_ . “gm _

 

 

. Rf 333‘? Whig—“me . . Mn... 

 

3..) at ass, 0w. 1.8. 2 are 23
Show times will belt coo and 10:00 pm

admission: $.75 with tax card
$1.25 without.

SA. funded

use-s,

remember well the night I

desired to engage irf some

quiet conversation, 'over

drinks, with a couple of

friends. That night, ldid not
patronize O‘Heany‘s. Then, there was the
time I wished to listen to some live music.
Of course, O‘Heaney‘s could not possibly
have appeared on my list of qualiﬁed
establishments. And so on. O'Heany‘s
does not'really lend itself to the pursuit of
a variety of moods.

 

 

 

[533!

lid 05
moo rt 0qu
loam?) Swan

 

 

 

: rous —it— nous

(it“s mews Sinatra)

W e “isa.

Brian Kurtzer

Open the outer door and pass through
the little vestibule that separates reality
from this cozy retreat. The guy at the
table on your right was in the same chair
two weeks ago; the last time you were
there. He was there a week beforethat. In
fact, he‘s always been there. It's the only
way to get a table, other thanjoining an
acquaintance.

But, no matter, most are standing and
they seem to be having a good time. It‘s
slightly rowdy, but in a well-intentioned
manner. Some even occasionally sing
along with the juke-box (which is by

 

popular consent quite good). You walk..

towards the bar. It‘s not a very long walk,
but it's not easily negotiable, either. Still
only ll:30, you realize it‘s going to be
even more crowded in an hour.

Maybe the place is actually an optical

 

 

 

Last chance to enter is
Sat. Dec. 2nd

472-8750
457-7898
457-7899

@0  WW!

 

" ' FQRITM 1

 

.|()ll,\ L'lLI |l.l".
“out... In: \oiili and South
America ol the South Alrican
lll.lil\l-lll|ll|
lltl'l) fulfil"
’ l he South .'\lru:an National Congress
.

 

(\tmtll \Iiuu) SEXY-Stony llrook

DATE: Thursday, December 7,1978
PLACE: Lecture Center 24

TIME: 8:00 pm.

“l;\eryone is Invited"

Sponsored by: Department of .-\ll'lt.'iln Aim-American Studies j
— 

 “SOUTH AFRICA: THE
DIVESTMENT QUESTION”

BERNARD COLEMAN

| miner Special Assistant liureau of African!
Affairs mpmuncut of Male

l
JAMES TURNER :

Director til/\friczttiziSlutlies and

lkt v..llt.l| t enter torucll Lunchtty I

illusion ot‘sorts. Perhaps itjust seems as if
there are already- many mor; people
contained within the conﬁnes of
U‘Heany‘s than it can withstand. The
ceiling is, afterall, rather low and the
corners of the tavern are virtually hidden
from view. The result is that everyone is
centrally located within‘the area in which
you now occupy. For a moment, you
wonder if they also might be using
mirrors, but quickly dismiss the notion,
and laugh to yourself. Maybe in another,
more local pub.

Finally, you make it to the bar and
order a draught. And make your way
back to the center of the hub of activity
that you have just passed through. The
laces are probably familiar. lfthey're not,
it‘s likely your ﬁrst trip to O‘Heany‘s. Or
maybe you've outlasted all the old
familiar faces; and must become
acclimated to a new crowd. In time, you
will recognize them all.

Loosening up, an hour passes quickly.
You search out and converse with friends.

That‘s what O‘Heany's is about»-

 

 

 

‘  '
ﬁt O'Hcoch'S

socializing. The atmosphere is that of a
party. The party is becoming quite large.
There is a steady flow into the bar, but
you know only that your feet do not have
any control over where you stand.
Everyonc‘s having a great time, including
yourself.

inevitably, one O’Heany's anthem will
get played at least six times an hour. it‘s
like clockwork, thejukebox goes dead for
a moment and then Bobby Darin comes
on with the number one classic bar song,
"Mack the Knife." The wholejoint unites
in one common, slurred voice with as
much gusto as can be mustered after a
pitcher or two.

Or maybe it will be Grace Slick's
voice of 60's acid head freedom coming
over for. the 49th time with “White
Rabbit.“ Either way, a night spent at
()‘Heany‘s can not be complete before
you hear them at least a few times. The
day they take them off thejuke will be the
day Roger gives up challenging people to
a game of pinball.

Another hour passes and the crowd
thins out ever so slightly. It’s gotten quite
warm in O'Hcany‘s and you wouldn‘t
really mind if there was a mass exodus. A
few more beers are consumed, maybe you
play a game of pinball for a change of
pace. You attempt to walk around a little
(there‘s not much hope in that, even ifthe
place was empty), and glance longingly at
the tables towards the back. Sitting down
is appealing but remains an impossible
dream. So, the time is consumed by
nothing in specific, just partying in
general. A girl smiles apologetically as she
spills her beer on your shoe. You become
a triflcgannoyed, but smile back. It‘s not
her fault that it is still so crowded.

Hot and a little tired from standing all
night, you quickly check to see if the
friends you entered with are still there.
Momentarily you‘re outside and
inexplicably relieved. But at least you had
a good time, right? Deep down, you‘re not
really sure, but you‘ll be back. O'Heany's
becomes routine. But the next time the
mood strikes and you want to simply go
out and party, O‘Hcany'swill be the only
bar that comes to mind.

Long before I went to college, I had a
preconception of what the typical college
town might be like. In that town was the
typical college bar. It is almost worthless
to acknowledge that Albany is not that

towu. However, O‘Heancy‘s might be the .

matcrialization ofthat bar. I'm not really
sure if that is admirable

 

 

 

 

 

The crowd at O'Heaney's ls sllghtly rowdy, and not beyond breaking Into several
choruses of Mackthc Knife during an evcnlng. (Photo: Laura Viscusi)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

dnesday at llzl5 a.m. the

man once listed as the sixth-

ost admired man in the

world (Gallup Poll,- 1971)

walked into the room

: surrounded by admirers. He was tall

(about 6‘2“),~ with intense dark eyes, and

he wore an unexceptional gray suit,

striped shirt and tie, and black shoes.

While he waited for an interview, he

found a newspaper on a shelf and began
leaﬁng through it.

Wendell Heddon ~.

Who is be? In his own words,“someone
who stands up to unjust corporate or
government policies on behalf of the
average citizen. . . a lawyer who defends
the interests of people, who aren't
organized, and don‘t have alot ofmoney."
llc‘s Ralph Nader, probably the most
\vcll-known consumer advocate today.
He lives simply, in an SSS-a-month
boardinghouse on $5,000 a year. If you
don't have a car, house, or family, he
explains, it‘s not hard.

During a personal interview, Nader
said his greatest.ttccomplishments have
been: the autosaf‘ety legislation which he
said has "resulted in cars that are safer in
crashes and save thousands of lives,“ and
“curtailing government secrecy,“ which
he says is important because“many ofthe
headlines you read in the newspapers are
made possible by the Freedom of
Information Act."

. Nader said he's “trying to show that an
individual still counts in our society, that
they can still challenge the abuses of
power."

At his press conference, at 11:00, Nader
attempted to demonstratejust that when
he sharply criticized Republican State
Senate Majority Leader Warren
Anderson, calling him "directly, and
indirectly through his henchmen, the
number one opponent of consumer
utiltity justice in New York State.“ He
said Anderson blocked consumer
legislation through his inﬂuence in the
State Senate that would otherwise be
passed by the Assembly and signed by
Governor Hugh Carey.

Nader criticized executive,
management, and technological
“structured waste and inefﬁciency" in the
utilities. “Their inefficiency in the
transmission of energy is notorious," he
said. Looking at the data, he added, it
would seem that the “principal purpose of
the utilities in this country is to heat the
heavens."

At noon, Nader gave a two hour lecture
in the Campus Center Ballroom which
was sponsored by Speaker‘s Forum,
Class of I979 and the New York Public
Interest Group (NYPIRG).

Nader said today's college students
have “extraordinary opportunities to
enrich their educational and citizen

 

experience" by challenging societal:

problems, but these problems “don‘t have
the graphic visibility or nature" that Will
cause students to react. “There doesn‘t

. ,, .
just seem to be a sufﬁcient basis of stress
or hardship” stimulating them as there

was in the Sixties. “Then there was the

draft, the Vietnam War, and .civil rights
demonstrations immediately affecting
them.“ Nader said.

Nader‘s lecture covered a variety of
topics but most were college consumer
issues.

“What is it that keeps students from
having a broader experience in campus
formal and informal activities? The ﬁrst is
that you are brought up to believe in
prolonged adolescence,“ Nader said.
Society keeps youth “in their place“
because it sees them “as a threat to the
status quo," “as a source of challenge.“
Society downplays youth‘s signiﬁcance,
Nader said, and it doesn't want their
youth to grow up “until it can process
you. And they don‘t process you until
after you graduate [from college].” This
processing is not done in smoke-filled
rooms: “Concentrated power knows
instinctively how to perpetuate its
power."

College students today can be involved
with many consumer issues, Nader said.
He encouraged SUNYA students to learn
about nuclear power and then support
efforts for a moratorium on further
nuclear power.

It will take a billion dollars in Federal
and State taxes to “clean up“ a nuclear
fuel reprocessing installation in West
Valley, New York, which was closed by
the government because of fuel leaks,
Nader said. He said a number of still-
births and defective births were suspected
of being due to the radioactiVe
environment in the area.

“There is enough radioactive waste
here to destroy the North American
continent," he said. The thousands of

gallons of waste, which is “deadly

cancerous material" for a quarter of a
million years, will by shipped to the
northwestern United States for storage in
huge tanks.

The alternative to nuclear energy is
solar energy, Nader said. Solar energy isa
free source ofenergy, is inexhaustible for
at least four billion years “which allow for
long-term planning" and is “the only form
of energy that does not add to the overall
heat buildup on the planet," he said. “It's
using nature for humanity."

Nader also discussed the Educational
Testing Service of Princeton, N J, which
develops and admisters, among other
tests, the Scholastic Aptitude Test (SAT)
which attempts to determine the verbal
and mathematics skills of high“ school
seniors. “Anybody who controls the
standards by which you arejudged — in
that hammerlock —— controls you. "
Nader said few colleges, law schools, and
graduate schools do not consider the SAT
scores of a person applying for admission.
He said students have no voice in
determining what the standards should
be.

Furthermore, ETS tests do not judge
the “attributes of human progress in our
civilization“, which Nader said are

A 7 Nader “Stresses: IndiViduol.

Nader urged college students to enrich their educational and citizen experience
by becoming incolved in conssumer issues. (Photo: Roanne Kulnkofl’)

idealism. creativity, judgment,
experience, wisdom, and the “one that
makes all the difference stamina ——
persistence, hard work, dedication."

Nader urged the audience to “develop
a consumer perspective to products and
profits; otherwise, you will
subconsciously incorporate, through the
lie and all the propaganda,the corporate
perspective, and then, as a result, lose
your credible ability to say no,"

“Our very perceptions are being shaped
by the mercantile side ofour society.“ For
example,from the "corporate
perspective“ in the food industries, there
are three criteria in producing food: make
it easy to chew, “chewing‘s going out of
style“, colorful and visually presentable,
and palatable.

The consumer should say, according to
Nader: “I‘m looking for nutrition and
nutrition v is associated with natural
flavor,“ “I‘m looking for sanitation. I

don‘t particularly like rodent remains in _

my hotdog or pork sausage. I'm looking
for the absence of harmful food additives.
l want food that‘s competitively priced.
I'm not interested in the anistic value of
the package." “I want food that's
labeled."

Nader called NYPIRG “the strongest
student citizen action group, by far, in the
country." He urged students to get
involved with NYPIRG projects and

“make a contribution to society.“ He

 

praised the group calling them “a model
for students in the rest of the nation." He
said they have a million-dollar budget
state wide, offices in ﬁve cities, 80 or 90
full-time staff, and a hired full-time staff
of lawyers and scientists. “That‘s
responsibility. That's maturity.“

He said NYPIRG-related research is
exciting and challenging. “When you
graduate you take skills you‘ll never
forget. You take skills that will give you a
civic self-conﬁdence." _ '

“There's nothing like self-conﬁdent
citizens to evaporate the neuroses and the
alienation and the indifference and the
ennui and the insecurity and the'
hangups.“

Nader said “ridiculous idiocies," such
as catfood advertising,have access to 200
million Americans through television
"when the most important issues of our
time can‘t even get access once a year for
serious deliberation.“ Nader attempted to
prove his point by ﬁrst asking how many
in the audience had heard of Morris the
Cat, then asking how many in the
audience had heard of Dr. Herbert York.
York, he said, is the “leading researcher
and interpretor and communicator" on
the arms race. “ Relatively {small issue~
compared to eat food," Nader said
sarcastically. “How much time does he
get on TV? He doesn't get any time...yet
look what‘s advertised to get on TV.“

,I’m looking for sanitatiOn. , I don’t particularly like
rodent remains in my hotdog or pork sausage. . .

I want food that’s competitively priced. I’m not

" interested in the artistic v

 

 

alue 0f the package.

MM
W

 

 

 

 

 

