The Car Didn’t. Run. But)
Harriers Cop Triangular

by Jeff CIrone

The Albany State varsity cross
country team overcame adversity on
Wednesday to takes pair of victories
from Cortland and Hartwick. Tlle
barriers defeated Cortland 25-32 and
Hartwick, 25-36. to push their
record over the .500 mark at four
wins and three losses. Cortland
defeated Hartwick 25-36 to salvage a
victory at home.

The trouble began for the Great
Danes before they left Albany. Sean
Reilly, their top runner the previous
Saturday, was out with a cold and
could not make the trip. The team
then took their troubles on the road.
as their car broke down enroute to
Cortland. The harrassed harriers
ﬁnally arrived at the meet only to
discover they would be running in a
downpour. ~

Tlle race itself had more pitfalls
for the squad. Highly regarded
freshman, Bruce Shapiro, injured his
le during the course- of the race.

 

Although he ﬁnished, his perfor-
mance suffered and doubt was cast
on whether he would be able to run
tomorrow at home against Colgate.

The last obstacle for the Danes
was the most tangible of the group:
How to overcome not having a
runner ﬁnish in the top three in the
race? Albany surmounted this
problem in characteristic form ——-
with a strong team effort.

Mark Lavan led the Danes with a
fourth-place ﬁnish, followed by
John Little in fifth. Hartwick's Rick
Trainer won the race. Albany
secured three other top l0 spots with
Scott James coming in seventh
place. Jack Russo in ninth and Ed
Von Bevern in the tenth position.
Rounding out the Albany State
finishetr were Bill Mathis (llth).
Shapiro (him) and freshman Todd
Silva (15th).

Albany was happy with its perfor-
mance under the circumstances.

 

Their sentiments. however.were best

summed up by coach Bob Munsey
over the phone from Cortland.
“We're ready to go home."

Last Saturday. the team had pick-
ed up its second win of the season
with a 23-35 verdict over Williams.
The harriers ' overcame Tom
Schreck‘s ﬁrst-place ﬁnish by taking
six of the next eight spols.

Albany was led by secondsplace
finisher Reilly, whojust gotedged by
Schreck. Reilly came on strong the
last quarter mile, but could not over-
take the William‘s runner. The two
were separated by less than one se-
cond at the finish. “It was a hell'of a
race.“ said Munsey of the dogﬁght.

Following close behind the
sophomore Reilly were a pair of
seniors, co—captain Lavan and Little,
in third and fourth places. respec-
tively. Rounding out the squad‘s top
six were Russo in sixth place. James
in eighth and Von Bevern in ninth.

The strong team effort was further
evidenced by a time difference of
only 43 seconds between the first
Albany runner from the ﬁfth.
Munsey uses this ﬁve-runner span to
gauge the overall team strength
because it takes more than one or
continued on page ﬁfteen

' them," said Walsh. “They only have

 

 

 Host Towson St. Tomorrow '-

Continue
dﬁam Page (Wen!)
of fense," added Ford. “If we can rat-

tle the chains and get ﬁrst downs,we
can keep the ball away from their

offense. We can't afford three downs

and a punt."

Towson uses an unusualdefensive

setup; a 3-4. with only three down
linemen and two defensive ends who
are actually ‘ linebackers. Their
defensive strength lies in their secon-
dary. where the younger brother of
the teams f ullback, free safety Randy
Bielski (5'l0“.210) covers a great
deal of ground.

Last year, Bielski was named to
the Kodack All-America team for
Division III, and he also handles the
placekicking assignment for the
Tigers. A Week ago, Bielski con-
nected for a 35-yard ﬁeld goal. “He
has excellent accuracy and good dis-
tance," said Walsh. “He can boot it
through from 50 yards out."

Corncrbacks Stu Hines and Rick
Simmons stabilize Towson's strong
defensive backﬁeld. “We are not go-
ing to be able to pass too wellagainst

   

Let a TI calculator help you make more efficient use of your time.
This semester... and for years to come.

FREE! This $12.95 value
' book when you buy a '
TI Programmable 58 or 59.

TI Programm

 

 

cennomln

 

able 58

I It I
llllonomy I mull: I lntl much in

$I295

"t Sourcebook for
Programmable
Calculators

rn WWII"!an Iolnllonl. nttllovlr you: lltlﬂ

iii-tin I elleulul I Itlllellu I bullnul mu oporlllonl

biology I Innlnolrlnn I phyllcl ma
oi. .

Tod-y'- proprsmmshlc
III provlda a
w tool for
e l proletalonals
Thla booll shows
our.

 

$299.95“

I Programmable 59

an average line, so we will try to run

' on them."

The Towson squad is a veteran
group with 39 returning lettermen.
including nine returnees on the star-
ting offensive' team. The Tigers have
a strong football history. advancing
to the NCAA Division III national
ﬁnals in 1976, before slumping to 5-
4-l with an inexperienced team last
season.

"They‘re the best team we‘ve faced
to date," said Walsh, “and we will
have to play our best game to beat
them. That‘s what makes a good
season: beating the good teams. It
will be a challeny."

“I think the timing is perfect for
this game,“ added Ford. “We gotta
have a tough game right now to
boost us in the rankings."

After the game. when the Towson
State team bus rolls back down the
thruway, they will no doubt see the
Do Not Pass sign once again. The
Danes hope to make snch a lasting im-
pression on t'heTowson offense, that
the Tigers take heed and stay in their
lane all the way back to Maryland.

Danes Win 42-28

i-miil'nucdfrom page twenty

at defensive tackle and linebacker
Don Hyde were the mainstays in a
swarming defense that stifled
Brockport's Wing-T quite neatly.
They only allowed one touchdown in
three periods. on empty stomachs of

. course, and just seven first downs

until the explosive finish.

Ilrttd Aldrich had a lacktlduisical
game. but did improve his mark to
Io-J as it starting Dane quarterback.
Ile connected once in ID losses, and

  

“an... \

Albany stole second Ilnglea player Larry Linett won hls draw In the
Great Danu' Tennls Classlc. (Photo: Bruce Frladmsn)

 

Linett Cops Second Singles Title ”

by Todd S. Beyer

Although the ﬁnal tally in the se-
cond annual Great Danes‘ Tennis
Classic showed Albany in a
mediocre fifth place of 14 teams.
there was some outstanding in-
dividual play by Albany's netmen
nonetheless.

Most notably, Larry Linett in sc-
cond singles and Linett and
freshman Lune Lerner in second
doubles. performed well. It was
definitely Linett‘s weekend on
Albany‘s Capitaland indoor courts.
as he won the second singles com-
petition.

Linett's finals match with Richard
Botwinick of C. W. Post. a 7-5. 7-5
victory, indicated that Linett was
well prepared and psyched fora rou-
gh match. The two players reflected
two different styles as they started

Women Netters Whip Plattsburgh

by anet E. Cernl

Albany State‘s women‘s tennis team
lifted its record to 6-2 with a 9~0 vic-
tory at Plattsburgh State last Satur-
day afternoon.

Despite the strong wind, which
Danes‘ captain Paula Sausvillc term-
ed "an incredible wind tunnel which
made it feel like I was swinging at
nothing," coach Peggy Mann's
squad whipped its sister state school
in the expected win.

Senior Jane Maloy led the Albany
contingent i l the top singles position
with a 6-3, 'i-I triumph. Sue Bard,
Karen O'C lnnor, Lois Whitten.
Claudia Fosket and Heidi
Leements also posted victories.

6-1, 6-7, 6-l win.

The top ranked Dancs‘ doubles
team, Ilard and O‘Connor, along
with the secolld~runked Suusvillc
and Colleen Joyce. and third team
players Foskel and Whittcn gur~
tiered victories as well.

Albany assistant coach Carole
I)cMcttrc noted that Hard and
O'Connor. II freshman. "played
better together. I was very pleased.
they looked good. They‘ve only been
playing together for two weeks."

DeMctlrc‘s observations hold
special significance in light of this
weekend‘s Eastern I'ennis Associa-
tioll Collegiate Tennis Tournament
at New I’altz. where Hard and

against a tough opponent in
Rutgers. They will he joined by
Great Dane teammates Lisa
Deane-mark and Maloy playing
singles.

“This is the first time in four years
that Jane (Mllloy) didn't draw a
seeded player," said Mann.
“Hopefully Jane and Lisa will both
do better against the non-seeds."

The tournament. whose draw was
completed by Mann. involves 37
colleges and universities. Many of
the “top schools" in the East will be
present. according to Mann, such as
the University of Virginia, the Un-
ivcrsily of Pennsylvania. Penn State.
William illltf Mary. Syracuse and

thevmatch.

Botwinick played it serve and
volley game, while Linett moved the
ball around from the baseline. It was
Linett's good anticipation and
gradual waiting-for the put-away
shots that won it for him.

Many of Botwinick's shots were
low-percentage and it proved costly
for him. Regardless. Botwinick
showed spirit at the net. passing
Linett often.

“He's a very tough player,“ said
Botwinick of Linett. “He's all action
out there. I‘d never seen him play
before. but he‘s deﬁnitely good. My
general strategy was to play
aggressive. I played aggressive and
lost."

“I think going indoors helped a lit-
tle." said Linett. “He‘s a big serve
and volley player. I was able to run
the shots down better on the slow
courts here at Capitaland. Also. I
was able to stick out a lot ofpoints. I
went for the winners and won. I was

lucky to beat him though."

While Linett played well for the
Danes. other players did not fare so

/

'well. First'slngles player Paul Feld-

man lost in the semiﬁnals to Josh
Epstein'of Salisbury State College of
Maryland. Epstein went on to win
the 'finals match against 'Scott
Schwartz of C. W. Post. Epstein
played a solid game. moving the ball
around. changing the pace when
necessary and played well in the
tournament.

The top five team scores for the
match were Iona with 22; Lehigh. 19;
C. W. Post, 20; Salisbury, Ill; and
Albany with IS points.

“I ﬁgured Iona would be tough,"
said Albany coach Bob Lewis. “C.
W. Post and Lehigh were tougher
than anticipated. Iona had depth
throughout their team. Basically. I
was a little disappointed. I ﬁgured
we‘d get four points between Paul '
Feldman and Lane Lerner. And then
a couple of points would have gained
if the first doubles (Feldman and
Mike Fertig) had won." '

The other high point ofthe tourna-
ment for Albany was in second
doubles. Although Linett and

mnrt‘nued on page eighteen

High-scoring JV Gridders
Battle Tough Competition

by Jim Roth

Laboring under the watchful eyes
of head coach Doug Haines and
offensive coordinator Mike Walsh,
the Albany Statejunior varsity foot-
ball team has posted a 1-2 record
against some stiff competition.

In the home and season opener
Sept. If). the Great Danes coasted to
u 3l-8 win over Union College.

offense with In yards rushing and
three touchdowns, including one
score of 70 yards. A 20-yard Mike
l~'iorito to Bruce Briggs pass and a
28-yard field goal by Mike Levens-
tcin completed the scoring.

The following Saturday, the
Danes fell to host Hudson Valley
Community College, 34-27. Priore
again led Albany with two

ended the night with minus yardage Bard. a sophomore. encountered the O‘Collnor will he Albany‘s doubles Colgate [:rcshm. ‘ ~ .. .
, , _ ﬂ . . - an running back (.huck touchdowns. l‘l t '
on the ground. However. hls perfor- only three-setmalch ofthe dayln her ciltry in the lust-round PHH’mB t‘UIlffIiflt'd on page ﬁfteen I’riorc spearheaded the Albany CONN/71:16: Ellizzjelﬁl‘elet:

muncc hlld no noticeable negative
effect on Albany's showing.

Mirabella tallied a vote for candy
bar nutrition when he chugged to it
Sl—ylird touchdown at I0238 of the
first period and the Danes simply
never stopped. A bit later. corner-
back Joe Rujczuk blocked Ll) Eagle
punt and defensive end Jim Dignan
smothered the ball in the cndzone.
After sub quarterback Terry Walsh
hit halfback Bruch Churchwell for
two points on a fake conversion.
Albany had a I5-0 lead in the first
period.

Coincidentnlly. Louis is from
Rochester. the proposed eating site
for Albany before the problems.
Mirabella is a Utica native and itwas
l5 miles from his home, in Little
Falls. that a broken air sue over the
back right tire blew and befelled the
squad. It was a calm but precarious
respite before YunkeeTrniIs sent two
buses "or them.

 

 

 

Bportshoes-State Campus

 

 

On all

 shoes for all sports:

Monday. Oct. 9 - Saturday, Oct. 14

10% Discount for SUNY
Students, Faculty, Employees
Shoes
10% Discount

in Stock

‘ SPEEDEADINGT

 

IF YOUR READING LOAD IS
HEAVIER THAN YOU CAN HANDLE

I he Learning Center's Advanced Reading Seminar whcl'c understanding what
you lcild lb its important ilh‘ how fast you can read. Now being offered at little

 

rs is a re-written ro rams are available in ma'or stud
The Sourcebook for Programmable CH/CU/afo (p P g l J y more than hiilf the cost of other programs in the area. (why pay $300 to

 new book from Texas Instruments declgned to help fields including ciVil. electronic and computer 9an “it. tllsutng l’ldt. thl. remainder of , , ‘ . .
. f} you explore the power of your programmable calcu- nearing; physics. statistics, and business/finance. lllt: way to Brockport lodged it very Shoes for Running, SOCFeri Tennlsl “Wu-P01?“"mkml: u commitment we 17k you lnwmrmreuur Prourums and
', fl“ Iator. COnlalns over 350 pages covering step-by-step And. additional ready-made programs written by hungry football team. Players and Basketball, Volleyball, Wrestling 0‘" Immi-
‘vil programmed solutions to problems in a Wide range professionals in your field are available through TI 5 muchcs “pressed worry (we. pluy_
 of fields. And It's yours free. if you act now. Professmnal Program Exchapge (PPX-59) member- ing “my. “me energy Bruckpmcﬂn l ii MONEY—BACK Gunny?“ h
tip The TI Programmable _ _ _ * _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ — —— s 'p'program- attest in tlic results,I10wcvcr,undttl T I 2  r can  we smumee you. ma ‘ meuuimes‘aswrw" ‘umVEdcumP'Ehemmn“your
v.’ 58 and 59 both feature '- m I I b k TI 5 Programmable 58 12:30 _, [1, Sum. mm . h_ ennls. Bans $ - pe ( moneyhackl .
. . TI. d Usalhls coupnnloo a nyour ree on . and 59 calculators offer to i luv mnii.,l r uantmes) . Average gradummcreasmle 30w“
i s p re p rog ram me Dunes/inti/Il' ‘rllc ln Rochester. q 0 Business and professionals cut reading time slgnlflcanily.

Texas Instruments will send you a liar: copy of Sourcebook Ior Programmable
Calculate/5.3 $12.95 valuu.when you: ll) Return this completed coupon. including
serial number, (2) along with your complclud Tl-5ll or Il-59 cuslomor inlornlallun
card (packed in boxl. (3 3 dated copy of proof of your purchase verllylnu purchase
between August 15 and stellar 31. .1978. our coupon. customer lnlormltlon card,
and listed copy of proof of purchase must lie postmarked an or before November 7.
1978 In qusl ty for tlils spsclll altar. Book covers slep-by-sisp programmed solu-
tions to problems In a wlda range of fields: inaihomsllcs.‘ calculus. slalisllcs. buslnsss
and operations research, uconomlcs. bloluuy. snplneerlnu, physlcs and astronomy.
muslc. and much more.

Sal-ill la: tl-sa/ss Frss Book Otter. P. 0. Ball 63. Lubbock. Tun 79405

0 Students cut homework time In half. - —

I Scholarship discounts for students and second member of family.

I Uses famous "hand paclng" readfng technique—not dependent on machines or
gimmicks.

o Teaches “area reading“ comprehension strategy.

0 Many students read 4,000-5,000 words per minute. . .wlth good comprehension.

I Learn how to fully read and enjoy complete novels and other books in one sitting.

{’ HE FREE Enélollnient Interview

a wide range of capa-
bility and performance.
From the student to the
advanced professional.
there's a TI Programma-
ble ideally suited to your
needs. and your price
range.

See them both at your
retailer today. Don't
miss out on this
special. limited
“m "" time offer.

"-58 or n59 SERIAL NIIMMR

Solid State Software“l I
plug-In modules. A Mas- l
ter Library Module of 25 I
programs in math. sta-
tistics. and finance is
lncluded. Optional li-I
brarles are available In:
 Applied Statistics. Real I
' 55' Estate/lnvestmenl.Avla-
tlon. Marine Navigation. l iii...“
Surve5ln9.Lelsure.Bus_i-l m
I ness eclslons. Securi-
r ties Analysis. And more
'0 come. (from tiscllnlcalculilali
For Tl'59 owners. Tlls I Plsssssllowwasyslordelivsiy Oltsrvoia whsieprohlhlled bylaw Ullsrqooaan S silly
Specialty Packetiesi.__ '__'_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _.__i

TEXAS INSTRUMENTS ,

Rackets re-strung with nylon as low as $8.00

Linett Triumphs

i-riiiii‘iim-d from page niiieleen_
Lerner lost‘o-Z. 4—6, 6-2 to Iona's
l’nul Brooks and Kevin McGuire in
the finals, they put up a courageous
fight.

For ll while in the second set,
Albany had momentum on their
side. But when one of Littctt's iip—
pllrcnt aces was called out (Linett
thought it was in). the tide turned
and [null won the decisive third set.

Some Running Shoes Available to try before
yOu buy

 

First Sessmn
f LE4RNING 5:“ Miss...
'  Wm" 12 COIVIn Avenue

Albany, New York 12206

Nam»

Call about races for students—

$25.00, $15.00, $5.00 Gift Certificates

will be given to lst, 2nd, 3rd place runners
Location:
Right on the Busline
on Western Ave.

 

 

 

 

'US suuusslsu lrliil mics

 
 
 
 

 

Monday-Friday: 12~8

5-quad 7-8033 Saturday: 10-6

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

- “up-1,? .3, ..

 

 

 

 

’0 ms at I. tlilirrlenn IMOIDUII I N C O R P0 R AT E. D .
‘ "“  Behind Dunkin Donuts 438-6066 _
FAWN Alme ‘ 001W W; ms V A . ALBANY STUDENT “was

i. 9"? war err. 3*" m 7r» . «.. ,, . ,. u

. {izﬁ'rstL-iﬁﬁg may --~‘

 

