 

 

 

 

‘ _ ,. farting atftdipm‘.
«norrsgrrryrrirusr MUSIC

 

Anew sound for Albany .
funded by Sudden! Asnaelalion

After Telethon- ,
. relax, and
let the BAR BUS take you to

Howard Johnsons Across the Street Pub

Western Tavern Partridge Pub

Bogart’s Papa’s Tavern

Lark Tavern Ice Skating Rink

Mendel’s Pub Disco ’78

The Bus will only run on Sat. leaving the circle
8:30 9:30 10:30
P tr‘rw- iv .  .. ..

.y.,,

12:30 1:30

It‘ll/don’t thé'Vdnguard
‘ But It SureWas Jazz

 

“w. W‘ “W m. i 'WWW

 

Aerosmith? loud Noise? ' .

Bullshit!

By JON BRESSNER
ast Sunday night at the Arts

 

 

It’s a Hit!!

NRBQ
“At Yankee Stadium"
On Mercury Records
$7.98 list price

as

$4.99

 

HRBQ‘s rockin'. sensationally produced new album is here!
This group, known and respected for years for its creativity and
incredible energy, is continuing to grow in the right directions.
Come to Hullabalio in Rensseiaer on Friday, March l0 or
Saturday[ March H and see them perform LlVEI

Each ticket stub from Hullabailo will entitle you to SLIM off
the price of NRBQ‘s new album “At Yankee Stadium." in
addition. NRBQ will make a live, in-store appearance to sign
albums on Saturday March it at 2 PM.

Don’t miss them!

 

Roy Ayers “Let's Do It"

Roy Ayers
» 0n Pol dor Records
573‘ l’ t '
D  I, - I _ 0n stile iii“
Again! ' 34"“
Roy Ayers, one of today's most popular jazz artists, repeats his successes of the past with

his new solo album “Let's Do it Again.” All but one of the new son th'
totally produced by Roy Ayers himself “on I” bum a"

Sale ends Saturday. March Iltlt.

(‘ _ ,rr .~,—'   .
Shores: View“ :5
.‘li (Quitlml ltvr- Albiiiy/N V 4.54 ()Uli‘)

no: an
i

 

Center in Albany. Jimmy

Heath and his ‘immet

appeared to supply the

Albany audience with a good
taste of straight ahead jazz. For oVer the
past score the Heath brothers have been
considered among the finest jazz
musicians around. Percy Heath joined his
brother after the break up of the World
renoun Modern Jazz Quartet.

At 8 p.m., the scheduled time for the
start of the show, approximately l00
people were gathered, many of whom
were exchanging the common greeting
“hey, what are you doing here? I didn‘t
know you liked jazz music.” Fifteen
minutes later an MC appeared before an
audience of about l50 and introduced the
Jimmy Heath quartet. It consisted of
Stanley Cowell on piano (a young player
who exhibits much talent). Ben Reilly on
drums, Percy Heath on bass and piccolo
“baby” bass, and of course, Jimmy Heath
on flute, and alto sax.

The quartet started the first set with a
Jimmy Heath original, “Cloak and
Dagger." This tune is a modal twelve bar
blues, reminiscent of early fifties
Coltrane. Percy Heath onbass and piccolo
drums were extremely tight and with
Cowell embellishing nice voicings of
chords. Jimmy could ask for no more to
solo over. Percy then went iiito an
outstanding basswlo which was fully
appreciated by thuraudiencc. Next came
“Mai Mou“, a Stanley Cowell
composition, which consists of a funky
mellow head going into a rising bridge.
Jimmy played flute and on drums Reilly
bore strong resemblance to Elvin Jones.

“Watergate Blues“ is a Percy Heath
tune where Percy showed his chops on
piccolo bass (which. by the way, is a cello
tuned like a bass). After this came the
Monk classic “Round Midnitc" which
started with a masterful piano
introduction. Cowell was then joined by
Percy and Reilly and the trio swung
through several tasteful choruses of this
ballad.

During “Gingerbread Boy.“ the Jimmy
Heath favorite. all of the quartet upheld

their reputation as fine hoppers. This
twelve bar blues with a pushy bass line
and powerful drums spiraled the band to
a high energy level that was maintained
throughout the tune. All members
registered refined, well-constructed solos.
“A Sound For Sore Ears“ concluded the
first set after which dozens of people
rapidly marched to the lobby to alleviate
nicotine fits brought on by the Arts
Center‘s enforced no smoking policy.

Why "0‘ Bet caught at

 

lg

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

The Mousetrap

Albany State’s new wi
. I he and chessc lace " E ‘k
for its third fabulous weekend. p 'The Mousetmpylbb“

.r ,
Eelethon 78, why not stop by The Mousetrap for an evening Ska'
Mnjoy the pleasrng sound of Scott

ouscrrap in conjunction with the Freeze Dried Coffeehousc'

The Mousetrap

It was fairly obvious that while the [1-
layers seemed comfortable on stage,
performing in a different atmosphere (the
Village Vanguard for example) might
have been more conducive to the
production of high quality jrrn by
allowing the quartet to get into what they
were playing to a greater t:\icili.
Nevertheless, the musicians established
communication with the audience it\ he"
as between themselves oti stage. in .r lorm
which often manifested itsell il‘VIUhL'),

Starting the second set unit the
Ellington composition “Warm \itllcy,"
Jimmy proclaimed “everybody come
from some valley somewhere" arid
indicating his brother said “inc and you
come from the same valley.“ Ihts little
commences with Cowell playing it
koiymba, a small hand held instrument
that produces a ringing tone by pressing
levers. Percy on piccolo bass and .Irrrrrrry
on ﬂute. Jimmy then switches to tenor
and solos the song away. Succeeding this
were “ Parisian Thoroughfare," it popular
Bud Powell tune, and "We Need Peace
and Love.“

What concert would be complete
without a Charlie Parker lttttc. risks
Jimmy and without waiting tor illl irrmicr
‘rpl'OCCCdCd into “Yardbird Surlc' \yrth
Percy playing some fine piccolo him rind
Jimmy on flute. Ben Reilly their
contributed his original, "l-oon»(ihi
Monna" (spelling uncertain). (‘owcll
soloed on kolymba and Jimmy flashed his
expertise on piano during this ('ar tthctttl-
Latin tunc. Reilly took a notable drum
solo and the quartet finished their second
set and the show. Spurred on by
considerable applause from this small
audience the band reappeared and ('oiicli
performed a solo on koiymhii plriyrrrg a
Bill Lee tune, “Spanish Dancer."

While I did enjoy the show. I tell lilrli
the players were being csircrrrcly
conservative in their playing. illittiisi to
the extent of being “unprogressiic ” lltL'
exception to this was generally .ilmlll)
Heath who was outstanding llrroirgliottl
the entire show. Percy seemed \L‘I_\ lilttw
oriented on bass, many times pittiliig
what could be called cliqueed jrr/I bitrcs
bass lines. However, along with Reilly. its
did provide a solid background for with
and his piccolo bass playing “an
impressive. Cowell seemed sorncytllttl
nervous and although he did have soillt’
fine moments, was basically mccltrtlllt‘il'
in his playing. Overall I felt that this
concert was both enjoyable rind
worthwhile and if the local audience
would give somewhat more support W

jazz performers we might get some rrrore
fine concerts in the Albany ill’L'ii.

After enjoying the signts of

Alarik, brought to The

 

J

MARCH 10. 1978

By AL BACA

t isn't often that the city of

Albany attracts top name

rock bands that are capable of

selling out places such as

Madison Square Garden.
When hands stich as these do cotne to
town, however, you can be sure that the
audience has adamn good time. Such was
the case on Sunday night when
Aerosmith blasted the rool'off the Palace
Theater to a capacity crowd of lucky
people.

A valid question would be to ask why
Aerosmith played at a place like the
Palace Theater. The answer lies in the fact
that their new album, Draw the Line, is
doing rather poorly in album sales. This is
unusual because I believe the album to be
one of their best efforts yet. However,
many factors contribute to how well an
album sells. This was one of the reasons
everybody at the Palace expected
Aerosmith to play mostly songs from
their new album in an effort to exposethe
public to the music ttnd hopefully boost
album sales. As it turned out, the band
played mostly music from their Toys in
the Attic album and only a few cuts from
the new LP.

lite people who were at the Palace
'Stinday can consider themselves to he
very lucky for the procedure used to go
about the purchase of tickets was perhaps
one of the strangest Albany has ever seen.
it was first necessary to obtain permission
to purchase tickets by sending it self-
itddt'csscd envelope to WQIlK. Out ofthe
thousands of requests, only it small

Wow M‘
217 Central Ave.

Til 8:30 P.M.

 

 

THE IMPORTANT
DIAMOND

We call a dismond important if it is of so
impressive size, and of particular beauty Ind
desirsbility. in that context, we have a num-

ber of stones that are importm.

in another sense. every diamond we sell is
important. If a diamond truly exprenes your

love, there i! no higher purpose. See our
selection of diamonds: imparts-l or important.

Open Mon.. Thurs. and Fri. Eves.

percentage were permitted to buy tickets.

Hence, the crowd at the Palace that night ‘

was extremely anxious, to say the least.

When Aerosmith finally walked onto
the stage, the crowd literally went wild.
From the beginning of the concert to the
very end. every member of the audience
was on his feet getting into Aerosmith's
super-energetic brand of rock and roll.
Starting off the show with “Rats in the
Cellar.“ Aerosmith went on to play such
rockers as "Big Ten Inch Record,”“Walk
This Way,“ and “Toys in the Attic.“

Steve Tyler‘s presence on stage added
to the energetic impact of the music as he
began jumping and strutting all over the
place. He wasn‘t still for more than two
minutes. Tyler is one performer who
really puts all he has into each show.
Unlike vocalists in most heavy metal
bands. he possesses an extraordinarily
good voice. He is able to combine
emotion, projection, and a dynamic range
in a tremendous effort to get the audience
involved in the music.

Playing ti continotts stream of songs
without any breaks in between.
Aerosmith rocked the audience with such
favorites as “Train Kept a Rollin,“ “Sweet

Emotion,“ and “Same Old Song and i

.Dancc.“ il'hc-onlyrsongs that they.piayed
front their new album were "Draw the
Line," “i Wanna Know Why,“ “The
Hand That Feeds,“ and “Sight for Sore
liycs."

Technically speaking, the band was not
at their best. httt ittmust not be forgotten
that they probably considered a gig at the
Palace its being nothing more than a

practice session for a larger. more
important concert hall. They could have
come out and played absolutely terribly
and the crowd still would have loved them
simply because they are Aerosmith. They
were slightly out of tune on severalsongs,
but this was more than made up for by the
sheer impact each song left on the
members of the audience, the energythat
each member of the band put into their
music, and the large number ofsongs that
the band played in a relatively short
period of time. ‘ ‘ '

r There are those who say that
Aerosmith is a band that plays nothing
but loud noise. To this | say,“l3ullshit!" It
is true that Joe Perry is not the best lead
guitar around, that Tom Hamilton is not
an extraordinary bass player, that Joey
Kramer is rather primitive on drums, and
that Brad Whitford will never become

What can you do with only a bachelor’s degree?

 

Now there is a way to bridge the gap between an
undergraduate education and a challenging, responsible
career. The Lawyer's Assistant is able to do work tradi-
tionally done by lawyers.

Three months of Intensive training can
skills—the courses are taught by lawyers. ou choose
one of the seven courses offered—choose the city In
which you want to work.

Since 1970. The Institute for Paralegal Training has
placed more than 2,000 graduates in law firms, banks,
and corporations In over 80 cities. . .

It you are a senior of high academic standing and are
interested In a career as a Lawyer's Assistant, we’d like
to meet you.

Ive you the

Contact your placement oiilce for an Interview with our
representative.

We will visit your campus on:

Wednesday. April 5

The Institute for

Paralegal Training

235 South t1th Street, Philadel his. Pennsylvania IBIDII
1 132-8800 . .

‘ “Obey-ted by Pars-Legal. the.

known for his work on rhythm guitar.
However, when you put all these
mediocre musicians together with a
fantastic lead vocalist named Steve Tyler,
and just let them do what they do best,
then you have the makings of one of the
best kick-ass rock and roll bands in the
world today.

Unless one is a corpse in the advanced
stages of rigor mortis, it is impossible to
leave an Aerosmith concert without
feeling emotionally drained. You can fee'l
the primitive guitar riffs, the‘basig drum
beats. and the piercing vocals. The music
surges through your bloodstream.
pulsating all along the way, until it is
finally drained out at the end ofthe show.
it is then that cite can best appreciate
Aerosmith for what the band really is,just
a way of having a great time.

 

At the Hullaballoo

NRBQ

This Friday and Saturday

 

Itcxl Wee/r

Sandy Br'grree Band

at the

Hullaballoo

"106 6th St.
Rensselser
436l640

an. o'rrzmml

Enharrnntat I
9"
New Shipment

of Chamber
Pipes 8r Waterplpes
papers

Shlrssssl Plus mun

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

L

MARCH 10, 1978

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGI 8A

 

