     
 

.2 ...—_._a..,.u,~.:_. — J,

[3.
l
J
l
l
J
l
i

2/



 

. mv'U‘DJV“

. .. .. ram“... a... s...\.._.... . . .

  

 


4,
2,
{.1
i:
i:
I.
i
l
l
(
i

Student Legal 

Monday thru Friday

Services For All
SUNYA Students

Having Problems?

FFREE LEGAL ADVICE

 

* Housing -

*Consumer Transactions -

*Adminisfroflon -

 

Landlords, Code Violations . . .

Sales Contracts, Wages,
Garnishments, Bankruptcy . . .

"Red Tape", Unemployment Insurance,
Social Security, Welfare . . .

 

 

 

 

Do you have a group looking for the perfect
place for an “Octoberlest”? The Glen House at
Camp Dippiklll may fill your needs. Run by

Student Association, this large farmhouse
overlooking the Hudson River In the southern
Adirondacks has been renovated to
accommodate medium sized student groups.
On the first floor, the house has a large kitchen,
dining, parlor, ping pong and new 16’ X 20’
paneled fireplace room. Upstairs are‘10 separate
bedrooms with two beds in each forthe “desired

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Hunter Continues To Aid
Yankees After Comeback

bags, heat treatments and the
pitching guile developed over 14
years in the major leagues.

How Catﬁsh Hunter does it isn't
important to the New York Yankees.
as long as he keeps on doing it.

Hunter pitched a neatsixth-hittcr
Wednesday night. hurling the
Yankees to a 5-1 victory over Toron-
to that maintained New York's
American League East lead at one
game over Boston and reduced the
clubs magic number for their third
straight division title to four.

Before the game. Hunter took his
daily injection ofinsulin to combat a
diabetic condition discovered during

ice bath for his arm. which was
restored to productive working
order in mid-season by a com-

A year ago, Hunter seemed wash-
ed up. He was no factor in the
Yankees' drive to the l977 AL peh-
nant and World Championship and
he knew it.

terrible feeling."
Three months ago it seemed he
was finished. He was battered in

plicated manipulation process lwhatever mop-up roles he got and it

preformed by Dr. Maurice Cowen,
the Yankees' team physican. Then
there were ice and heat treatments
for a troublesome groin injury.

“l'm back in the groove." said
Hunter. whose 12-5 record includes
nine victories in his last lOdecisions.
“As long as the groin holds out. 1‘“
be okay."

Hunter spent about 45 minutes
after the game takingtreatments for
the groin injury. which has trottblod
him for the last month.

 

will be closed

 

The Bookstore”

  
 
   

11.7.1.1"

. 3-}.

Saturday - Tuesday

 

 

seemed at one point that his career
was over.

“I was doubtful at mid-season if
N ever pitch again." Hunter ad-
mitted.

The last-gasp try at saving his
career. rested in the hands of_Dr
Cowen who performed the
manipulaation to break adhesions
that had fortrth in Hunter's
shoulder.

Miraculously. the pitcher was
restored. Since then he has been a
major factor in the Yankees dash to
the top of their division.

"I think I‘m all the way back.
lluntcr stlid.

Manager Bob lemon apparently
thinks so. too.

"When he had to have it. he had
great stuff.“ Lemon said ndmiringly.
“lie was in command and was get-

Yanks Romp on new ”
‘ ' Stumble in Court

record in the cams.

As it is, the world champions keep
winning games and losing decisions.
They are dressing down the opposi~
tion and undressing in front of
women reporters.

On Wednesday. US. District
Judge Constance Baker Motley said
"no" to a request by the Yankees and
baseball commissioner Bowie Kuhn

-‘.itat she temporarily suspend her

earlier order admitting women
reporting to Yankee Stadium locker
rooms.

Attorney Jesse Climenko said the
appeal was lodged because Kuhn
viewed her earlier decision as
“inimicahlc. by his standards. to the
welfare of organi7cd baseball."

He also said Yankee players vicw-
ed the decision as a violation oflheir
privacy. though some players said
tltcy did not object to the order.

The application for a stay was op-
posed by attorney Robert .loifc
representing Melissa Ludtkc. the

 

 

 

. V .l t   C “Last year at this time i was NEW YORK (AP) The ﬁrst-place reporters.

, . S oor Gm US enter ' I . ' useless." he said. “i dressed with the New York Yankees would be out of in turning down the latest request
I JACK L' LESTER , , p TELEPHONE NEW YORIf‘lAP) H? l5 ".medlfal Spring training. uniform on everyday, but i knew the pennant race by now if their by the commissioner and the
5110an AT LAW 1 Open  a_m- -  p.m. (Slsl‘y'nll marvel SUTVIVIHB 0“ InJCCilonS. ice Afterwards he took the standard they couldn't use me and it was a record on the ﬁeld was as bad astheir Yankees. the judge asked why the

club could not use one of her alter- v

natc suggestions to protect player
privacy. Those included swinging
doors. curtains or a practice of the
Yankee players usingtOWels to cover
themselves.

Climenko contended that the
players did not think their privacy
would be protected by such
measures.

“We feel a player who has to resort
to using a towel has lost his right to
privacy.“ Climenko said.

.loi'fe countered. saying of the
group of women reporters allowed in
the dressing room Tuesday night:
“Cltttos did not ensue . . . The
nation‘s morals have survived."

“It's true that the world has sur-
vived. but it's not true that the
players have not been embarrassed
by it.“ Climenko maintained. He
quoted one bullplaycr as saying of
the women reporters: “They all ask-
ed us how we felt about them being
there. but nobody asked us anything

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
  

 

 

     

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

I l H
 , . privac . Three bathrooms with a tub and , v , L. - c. L. c . _. 0, s , r . c c m. H... m... u,-
 *Fam"y - Dlvorce‘ cusmdy, Paleni'y' Adoption I . l Showe¥ are also available. outSIde are Three for the hOhdayS' llillinllll‘lnlltufvltls agillchirliiutlflicriﬁg :rlccclssl‘ltllu;illlztisclihiihlitloiillitW l (llllllllClthudlwde Nile jlldgc llt'hc
ll ‘L‘ c z i e " r 'c is 5' es e ' . v. o er‘s e '- colds 't icattonas In!
l' *Criminal - Misdemeanors, Traffic Violations, acres 0' lawn  a reQUIation,  Have a healthy weekend' wethn h r. “Id lm dm‘lmm ll slillrrituallllclgtllhtllillttwll’;tltlrlwtgnflt hcl‘l it sitenltlvoliilldﬂltlzem it'scx dist:
Accidents, Hassles with Security - -- ‘ l volleyball court. Adjoining the house is the rest ‘ . ilil'l'lllil “$51.35.; rllillnlllllllr lltlltl
l l        8       lcillll memocrs WL'ri.‘ un-
? : miles of marked trails overlooking the river and f ' ' ' ' "‘““"""- “mm” W" """““.~*““‘
l‘ 0   n‘ tc: l'ca 'ti o he s h ilcd
i   E US. 0 0 w I t h Vlews Of magniﬁcent  rondack l litildllsaidlslliclwhlulrd lulc onuit  it
‘5 Mountains. Needless to say, the Adirondack L D! 7 1 C H A 1 A . H. N ‘r N H w... "Wt-s.
It foliage is second to none at this time of year. , clrthut 1 0 ﬁsh 31“ L , ~ - \ . .
ll   H E  ‘ Mon and women seeking Want; a typtst Job
For further infomation and reservations, visit the Student l EDUCATION FOR MANAGEMENT _
, . Association ofﬁce in Cam us Center 116. are invited to discuss the With the ASP?
{mu/ml In .SA p funded by SA
Y t ~ Call Mark
T ‘ ‘ ' U CK MBA
A orraine
A" 5'3 T r East Cinema with M L
 L. ' owe Elizabeth Day
‘ l Assistant Director of Admissions at 7-2194.
 Wednesday, October 4
ll PRESENTS umvml" cm." Board ‘ 4 Career Planning and Placement
‘ n
.s . Presents ~ -
 A Classrc Fncuclt Comedy! 0 I  
 " The New
 “P do w Commander v -
t ar 11 on Hot Dogs. f,
 M Cody Band 
 with special guest to be announced
C
Affalre” tP H ’I
 a age a.
-‘ YA D ' C
.- (SUN ownto wn ampus)
F .d on Sunday, October 8 at 8 pm. I \ WITH THIS coueom' ‘
a .   ‘ l | A 4 , Limitthreg coupons per customer.
\ I a .
tickets $3. 5 0 W/ tax d with a frazctkngeggfgggﬁéms
5 - - Eve Su ersteak inner comes. .
.; SEPTEMbER-  $5- 5 0  p  ‘ gianrl/salalijy Texas toast, Suleak fryels o Coftee o  o Soda a Hot Pretzels mgmvsegiﬁ: aims
is ‘ a s ecia armsr.  " is
. 1 . I . h a/{lllljfor $4. 25WENEQWW M i  Albany. New York
.9 J, Tickets on sa 9 now In t e   7 m g O W W
’2 . . a , _ . I 3523 . ' '  >‘ pen _
7o ' I 0.00 poMo  7    Com“ um",  Serve g 7 Days a week
. - “9:115” ’, g Offer good tram September 29 '
 75' w/nc “Id $1.25 _W/00‘l”    / 6 p    I r alum Corner Shopping Ctr. 2 through October tst. 1978. -
é ' funded by student association I , LWJMQ” ALB NY NT PRESS PAGE NINETEEN

IR 89. 1978

 

