 
       
 
   
    
  
    
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
   
  
  
     
      
   
    
    
  
    
 
  
 
 
  
    
  
  
   
   
  
 
    

(wont!  '
 District Epideml'c

NEW YORK (AP) The number of suspected victims of
Legionnaires' disease in the city's densely populated garment
district ballooned to 43 yesterday. as health ofﬁcials combed
j midtown Manhattan in search of the source of the
mysterious malady. Mayor Edward Koch announced
' yesterday that interviews in the ﬁeld and calls to a telephone
hotline set up for those who suspected that they might have
had the disease had turned up 34 moresuspected cases. in the
‘ garment district, most workers stayed on the job, but many

‘ Were clearly worried. Some employers reportedly tore down

: signs warning of the disease in hopes their workers would

, my on the job. Previously, one confirmed death due to

Legionnaires‘ disease and two other deaths that may be

i linked with the ailment had been reported.

l Carter Moves on Issues

CAMP DAVID, Md. (AP) President Carter concentrated
on key issues in the Arab-lsraeli conﬂict yesterday at his
“ secrecy-shrouded Mideast Summit with lsrael‘s Menachem
j Begin and Egypt‘s Anwar Sadat. Carter's negotiatingstrategy
‘ was to move swiftly to the bean of the 30-year-old dispute
rather than take the easier course of beginning with
peripheral and less controversial items. An Egyptian ofﬁcial
asking not to be identiﬁed, said Caner. Prime Minister Begiri
and President Sadat were discussing the central issues.
Carter ts trying to persuade Sadat and Begin to compromise
differences over borders. Jewish settlements. a Palestinain
homeland and peace terms.

Conspiracy Disproved

WASHINGTON (AP) Eight medical experts backed the
Warren Commission‘s conclusion that there was no
conspiracy behind John F. Kennedy's assassination
, asserting yesterday it was possible a single bullet passed
through the president and struck John Connally A ninth
pathologist agreed with the others that Kcnnedytw'ts lshot
' from behind. but said ltc could not rule out the pm‘sibilit '
that a second gunman other than Lee Harvey Oswald Wis
I involved. The dissenter. Dr. Cyril H. Wecht. said he could

   
  

 
    
 
 
    

not subscribe to the so-called “magic bullet" theory —- that
one bullet could have gone through Kennedy‘s neck and then
struck Connolly, critically wounding him. "Once you
eliminate the single-bullet theory, you're in the area of two
persons involved." said Wecht. “You're in the area of
conspiracy."

US Businessman to Return

MOSCOW (AP) The trial of American businessman Francis
J. Crawford. which strained U.S.-Soviet relation. ended

yesterday with a suspended ﬁve-year sentence on charges of .

black market currency dealings. The tractor salesman
immediately applied for an exit visa and started packing his
bag for home. it was learned the 37-year-old international
Harvester executive has a reservation for a night flight to
Frankfurt. West Germany. ’A statement yesterday by
international Harvester's Chicago headquarters said: “We
expect he will soon return home for a long vacation.”
Crawford could have received eight years in a labor camp.
His sentence and those of his three Russian co-defendants
followed the recommendations of the prosecutor.

Koch’s Plan Criticized

NEW YORK (AP) Municipal union leaders say they
disapprove of Mayor Edward Koch's proposal to lay off
some employees as a way to cut a multimillion gap in the
City‘s expense budget. So does City Council President Carol
Bellamy. who suggested that Koch instead eliminate
"unnecessary" managers in city agencies. That would save
the city 550 million. she said. adding that furloughs would
achieve a one-shot saving and would bring “economic
hardship for many of the city's lower-level employees." The
mayor'said Wednesday he is consiidl ring the plan as a last
resort in efforts to cut a multimillion gap in the current
bl.l.5blllll)n expense budget. He called it “simply ons of a
down options" being studied by budget officials.

Congress Supports Veto

WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter Won
ytrong Victory in his first veto confrontation
as the House upheld yesterday his rejection

a surprisingly
with Congress
of the Defense

Clinic to Open

Albany Planned Parenthood will open a satellite clinic in the

SUNYAinfirmary nextw k '
Anni” NC” Brown ee accordtngto Dean for Student

llrown termed the clinic. “a building block" towards a

mum" wa'T't'V'r-M fwmwﬂbm 
‘ r - my...”

 

“my.

       
 

Authorization Act and its $2 billio
Despite an intensive bipartisan ca
arme services committees i

override the Aug. l7 veto. Catalogs?” and ..
to spare. The vote to override failed Itinlned'b
short of the necessary two-thirds. .20
the issue had predicted a much cl
$37 billion measure vetoed by the

'1
n nuclﬂraim i

mpaign mom‘ NEA. or having no representation.

State law mandates that one option
draw over 50% of the vote to win.

6. or
Leaders on M
Otter outcomcr

between the two top vote-gutters.
Chief among the issues involved is
» that ofjob security in the wake of re-

it.“

  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
     
  
   
  
   

committee. where the carrier, dcc CC!" Program W”
Will be deleted and other projects " A) completedafour retrenchments.
rive that netted NEA spokesperson Linda

Rosenblatt charged that the current
U U P contract has caused
'widespread frustration at the lack
of job security it offers."

“it's loosely drawn retrenchment
clause makes it too easy to do away

A
LBANY, NY. (AP) The state's | Rosenblatt

producers are getting close to the
fossil fuel which provides 85 per a:
generating plants. a state audit age
UttlttylManagement Audit Section of th p
Commission released a report on the buc‘ Uh!“
major utilities including Consolidated  pm.
Mohawk Power Corp., Rochester Gas & Flccltm ‘1‘
Ccztral Hudson Gas'dt Electric Corp. l‘hvcrcm‘?‘
t ough hard bargaining can produce savin pawl”
or more. this amounts to less then l per gram, )
billion the utilities spend each year to am on

argcst e1“..in Tit
best gramme
at of thump!

"W said yum),

. a
'6

success.
Additionally,

that of

evaluator who made very positive CmP'°Y°°5-"

recommendations. we obtained new

toy PhD program has
leadership. and recruited faculty."

good rating by a State

r oil and mi “leg > _
‘ Educatlo Department doctoral lhcre were 36 doctoral students
‘ tnmittee. according to enrolled in Sociology last year. This
    SU esident Vincent O‘Leary. was the first itme Sociology has been
in was suspended by under SED doctoral review.

O‘Lcary also said that he has sent
a letter of intent to the SED in order
to establish a PhD in Computer
Science. The letter of intent is the
ﬁrst formal step when applying for a
PhD registration. The letter of intent
has to move through a number of
beauracratic channels before the se-
cond step. a formal proposal, can be

SUNY nMay.l975,afteraninter-
NEW YORK (AP) The directors oi Ngiuungjiml re'titew‘,’and was reinstated last
accepteda $350 million merger bid irnm pmjjyem-l‘ ‘. '

World Airways. the companies julnllVitlllltillllértlw: "The suspension of a few years
“I Completed, the merger would create the no}? clt Was V external of the SED
airline in the United States. behind I‘niicd smg'reviews." said O'Lcary. “The
terms of the agreement. still subject in gincnipt‘ogt’atn9was then built up and
shareholderapproval. Pan Am Would hnv, MIME: [gimtg'iéq._During the time of the
$4l each. The Miami based airlines...“ :j‘suspehaion. no new students were

budget cutting."

subsidiary. ’an American USA. inc, pm «mm 1. a min i” taken,
tn'New York. said the domestic ttpciatlon would:  . R"mls “We have recruited a first-rate major Challcnscv
Miami for at least five years. The commich 'The SEDdoctoralreviews ratethe staff in computer science," said

i ' programs in three basic categories: O'Leary. “The program has been

“Wt-'10” signed a definitive agreement onthnn. .
merger wednmduy night. the second tlil\ oi lliv‘ acceptable: qualiﬁably acceptable
“ﬂu-mum suld' ' K '(in which case the program has three
years to build itself up before being
reviewed ,a'second time) and to-be-
terminated. The Sociology PhD was
it) theiiﬁrit category.

“We. made major progress in
. redesigning the doctoral program
and through the lens ofSUNYA grad student ltlllilif, over the past few years." said Vice
Is severe ‘7 and he's d°l"8 something about it President for Academic Affairs

Dunncn)’- in an effort to promote ii\\.tlt'fit'n David Martin. “We got an external
prohlém‘ photographed "16 podium on “.i sewn-ii;
day. Inscribed “Greetings from SUNY Albany“ on.::

 

reviewed by the President’s office
and the Educational Policies
Committee."

Martin saidthat it isdifficult toes-
timatc when a formal proposal will
be able to be made. “It's anybody‘s
guess." he said. "At this point i
would say that optomisticnlly speak-
ing. it might be around September.
1979." The SED has yet to respond
to the letter of intent. said Martin.

'by Aron Smith

first
Science

Bi”; VS-ettlcdj.

with ‘UUP. changing over to the with both tenured and non-tenured
professionals,” the said.

UUP spokesperson John Milton
disagreed: “Job security is alwaysra
Olh¢rwise there will be a runoff major concern...every time we enter
into negotions we want to strengthen

A change in the Taylor Law.
a n d which took effect last September. re-
quires all state employees, union
members or not. to pay union dues
provided that they are beneﬁtting
:from union representation. UUP
dues are l per cent of a person‘s
salary. up to $250 a year.

claimed that dis-
satisfaction with the agency shop
deduction was one of the major
forces behind the NEA petition

employee's salaries “hadn't kept
pace with the rising cost of living or
non-educational

UUP is affiliated with the New
York State United Teachers and the
two-million member
State AFL-ClO. In a letter to all
SUNY staff. UUP President Sam
Wakshull wrote. “The political clout
of these two organizations has
spared SUNY from the Worst effects
of the recession and the governor‘s

Since the agency shop law will
ltold regardless of who is chosen for
representation.thcre has
speculation that the “no representa-
tion“ option will fair well in the vote.

“We see "no representation“ as a

More than a year after the State
Education Department began its
review of SUNYA Political
Department's
program. there is still no word onthe
program‘s certification status. accor—
ding to Graduate School of Public
Affairs Dean Orville Poland.

players joined an already crowded east.

completed a petition

completing preparations for that election
fall.

she said that

sum personnel dealt With separately.

New York

“lull.

 

said.“but We feel that a bargaining
unit as large as SUNY‘s must be r
union-represented."

In an issue of the University News
last year. SUNYA Psychology
professor Morris Eson urged the

been

“Rosenblatt 'o

“The final report usually comes
out in March of April." said Poland.
“Our report was not held up because
of anything in our department or in
the University. As i understand it,
there were one or two other univer-
silica in the state that didn't like their
reports and challenged them."

According to Poland. SED will
not release any certiﬁcation reports
until the challenges are resolved and
the reports finalized. However. he
has "heard from word of mouth" that

doctoral

The question of who will represent SUNY faculty and staff at the 7‘ ,
bargaining table was further complicated yesterday when two new ' '

Last June. the National Educator's Association (N EA) successfully '
drive to force a representation election through 
the Public Employee's Relations Board (PERB). They and the
‘ University Professions (UUP) union. which currently represents
SUNY staff. met at the PERB ofﬁces in Colonic yesterday in hopes of

However. according to NBA representative Linda Rosenblatt, the
Committee for interns and Residents (CIR), which represents some
600 SUNY employees in health-related ﬁelds, and the State Ofﬁce for
Employee Relations (OER). which represents the governor at the
bargaining table. “threw some monkey wrenches into the works.”

Currently, the approximately 16.000‘ SUNY employees are
represented as a single unit. According to Rosenblatt, however. '. the
GR. in conjunction with a third union, the Physician's National
Housestaff Association petitioned PERB to have the SUNY health

“They felt that those employees working at the Upstate and
Downstate Medical Centers. the Health and Science Center at Stony
Brook. and the School of Medicine at Buffalo had speciﬁc needs which
warranted speciﬁc representation.” said Rosenblatt.

To further confound matters. according the UUP spokesman John
Milton. the OER has raised the question as to whether or not those
health—related employees should be considered employees at all. OER
holds that. inasmuch as they are. for the most part. interns. residents,
and students working toward their MD‘s, they should be given student

 
   
 
 
 

 

    
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
   

United

tentatively scheduled for this

 

-Steve Oster I

SUNYA faculty to vote for “no

epresentation" this fall.

Without union representation. he
reasoned. “no one. neither UUP or
_N EA. would be ripping us off by way

f the agency shop fee deduction."

Poli Sci, German PhD’s Reviewed

mittee." he said.

The "ratings committee" is a panel
which consists of eminent political
scientists who convened to review
the report of the SED site team and
O‘Leary‘s response to it. Based on
this. the ratings committee draws up
its own recommendation and
presents it to the SED Doctoral
Council. The Council then makes
recommendations to the state Com-
missioner of Education. who renders
final decisions individually.

 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
  
  

j y . ~' o r

:oIrnp‘rlethsth health care plan speciﬁcally for sexualit

C:“atc needs. A proposal for a human sexuality center 0:
npus presented last spring by a student committ

prompted discussmns over the summer which I d cc

lormulatton of the clinic. e to me

l)r/;i:l:::l:§:lt'llll‘1lil;lllcc including students appointed by SA
I ' c man willove '

to increase services. rs“ the projecmnd aucmm
Although he stressed

_ , lhnt there . ~
counseling. and training cempo are educational.

u? post card” befl'ing the scene and a bricl “planar
gtgcrsc. and mailed out a number oftlictn in. .lllltifii‘
CI. NYA President Vincent, ()‘Leary. Sl’\)' (‘1';
i‘llg‘tsriWhnrt’on. members-ofthe SUN Y Hoard Lil l'. by Jessica Sallcs
The We.“ “TPUS “dm'ms'mmrs- A new credit union for SUNYA
uwcwgzozsf' _ ‘ students has been chartered this year
administrmf‘ “ Very 1mpressive response lrilill tit.”l by an agency of the federal govern-
cmh ,' I '0“. file'stludents." he suld.“l{\ct)iillC\t‘rf ntent. according to credit union
ustasttc and Willing to help," President Rich Duskin.
The SUNYA Students Federal

wig-Student Credit Union Chartered

into acentralcredit union.and by in- general. dCCiSionsv ll“: SI'PEVV'SOW
vesting in Federal Securities. All ac- (:"mnlmcF kcFPS “ Cl“ka Von‘ the
mums an. insuer for up w $40900 littanctal srtuatton. and chdit ( om-
by the NCUA_ mittec tniikes‘all dectsions regarding
Beneﬁts loan applications.

The credit union hopes tosoon regarding the balance of the account
have personal checks and money will be mailed to all shareholders.
orders available to its members and Students can also check on their ac-

'l'he Commissioner's decision

' comes in one of three forms: he can
recommend that adepartment be‘cer-
tified, that it be decertified. or that it
he placed under a three-year proba-
tioti period. if the latter choice is
ntadc. SED makes specific
recommendations for the
department‘s improvement and con-
ducts a re—cvaluation at the end of

SED'S Doctoral Council will be
meeting with Commissioner of
Lducaiton Gordon Ambach next
week for the purposcofmaking final
recommendations concerning doc-
toral certification.

According to Dean of (iraduatet
Studies llob McFarland. ltowcver.
the final reports will probably not be

 
   
    
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
   
       
      
 
  
   
      
       

   

 

One student trlu his hand at 'Close Endbtinters.’ the

new pinball machine. (Photo: Bob Leonard)

Blink, ﬂash, ring... TILT!

Fall is certainly a time of changes.
i‘or‘instance. Blackjack has replaced Bon \t'inth' Slrike'

.[ittd Spares has filled in for Old Chicago" and Clos;

:ncounters ofthe Third Kind and S ‘ ' '

[heir SUNYA debms‘ upcrsptn have both made

if you haven‘t the foggiest notion '

V I ‘ . of what‘s otn -
you are obvrously not an afficionado of the Silser BgallnslihL'n‘
those. weird names refer to the new tank of the ,inlinll
machines to be found in the Campus Center game ribomEl

l he new games have kept with the trend of the stran.
noises and digital scoring; and for those of you who refglc
computer-video machines. the latest challenge is z'lllgll
Avalanche. it involves stopping little falling compute " d
rocks before they touch ground. me

At the price of one quarter for two 5 ball

\ I . I ‘ - games. C:

( enter pinball is in more economical than its Unbgllll‘l‘cp‘?
ball coustns residing iii burs around town. I -
K -Erlc Block

\_ v

P AGE TWO

an: opening up this semester.
interdisctplinary program in lib
innovative programs.

attenth to give students
experience. according to the Office
liberal arts.

liconomy.

includingPublicAdministrntion Ec
tor graduate students. ‘

Brown said [he im ' nents to the new clinic
. mediate problem of ' ' ‘
would be dealt with by satellite clinic prowdmg health care

-Ji|l Haber

Masters Programs Offered~

S _ . .
omc new opportunities for graduate students at SUNYA

A new Master of Arts
cral studies is among the
The )r) ' " ' '

1 (gram. Wilth is just beginning this fall is an
4 ' . '
a non-traditional educational
ofMedia relations. Those
otakeclasscseitherfull or
over a Wide variety ofthe
(ﬁrearm The State. The

1: cstheticDim' “
er ' cnston.
programs are offering evening classes
onomics and Education'

Society. The S if
A number of oth e land

— M. J. Memmott

Padillm Pollution

Just what did h

‘ appen to that Z'

L “kc w t] inger wra e ‘t v

m. b can. Or. for that matter, where did W L A'nd that
L. ookstore disappear to" your “calm from
Lhanccs are. the

. answer .. .
lylllgm your feet, ‘1 l0 thcse questions

he litter problem!“ SUNY and more is

A. in the eyes

  

       
 

    

.. ~ _ s
M‘BANY BTUmsN'r PRESS

 

 

my“ news brictg‘

..

aestll/eeticzrtll‘ijld .imofﬁ' "85h cans? ht ( \l‘ldlmd

students [0 rigith mg and numerous ognt It”

initialed progfam H1. and. most llt'tpttrtattll}. 1‘

H. were m Clean u "  support ofall st lttlt‘tllyhdlf.‘
p this campus.“

Credit Unioti is a cooperative thrift
union, run and maintained by
SUNY undergraduates. its aim is to
encourage saving and provide low
cost reliable credit. said Daskin.
The credit union was founded by
_ six SUNYA students who each in~
 vested an original $5.00 and applied
" to the Federal Government National
Credit Union Administration. for a
charter. The SUNYA credit union is
partially funded by SA and is a
member of a larger credit union in
Albany. the Empire Corporate Cen-
‘. 4 trial "Federal Credit Union.
> ‘ in order to become a shareholder
 in the credit union, an individual
must be a full time undergraduate
, student. Titc fee tojoin is SI .00. and
5‘ ' a minimum of $5.00 must be kept in
 '.the‘ account at all times. Once a
shareholder in the cooperative un-
ion.‘ membership is lifetime as long
, ~ udhe $5.00 minimum balance is
1* ‘ntalrttuined.
n -‘ Shareholders of the credit union

" . i , _ . are entitled to cash one and two par-
pctll l checks free of char e a ainst the
 tam“ u“. phmogfﬂph were senl! y i g g
ml"'""'°"- (Photo: Tom Donntl

graduate and part-time students.

— blot

makes

 
     

Directors all important decided.

 

 

1 .

 

      

 

s

  

 

 

amount itt their account, deposit or
withdraw from their account. and
apply for loans. Bank books will not
be issued. but quarterly statements

SEPTEMBER 8, 1978

V. ‘  m“-
Cradlt Unlon Proaldont Rich Daskln hopes

 

 

SEPTEMBER 3 t

is trying to extend its services to counts by asking at the credit union
window in the Campus Center at the

The credit union is steered by left of UAS check cashing. Bank and
three groups:tlie Hoard ofDircctors. payroll checks will be honored im—
the Supervisory Comntittee. and mediatcly for cash exchange. The
the Credit Committee. The Board of penalty charge for bad checks is un-

 
   
    

encourage savlnga and provldo reliable cradlt. (Photo: Bob Leona

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

released to the state‘s colleges and
_ universities until after Oct. l . The cer-
tification process is a lengthy one.
and is not yet completed. said Me-
i‘ttrlttnd.

S E D began its review of SU NYA‘s
dt‘ctoral program in political science
last fall by reviewing a lengthy “self

‘ study" prepared by the department.
said McFarland. The nextstep inthe
evaluation of any department's doc-
toral program includes an SED "site
visiting team". composed of two
nationally-known specialists in the
field undergoing evaluation. Such a
team visited SUNYA last year and
completed an extensive study of the
Political Science Department's
Programs.

“it was a very thorough report."
said McFarland. “it seemed to be a
fair report. We were able to respond
on a number of issues."

One of those responding to the site
team's report was SUNYA President
Vincent O'Lcary.

"l ‘sintply made cotnments on it."
said O‘Letiry. “l expressed my views
A about the findings and made presen-

lhtll the union can tations that would be helpful. This.
rd) in turn. goes to the ratings cont-

tlte probation period.
German
The doctoral program
SUNYA‘s German Department is
presently under such a probation
period after being granted
provisional certification last year.
According to German Department
Chair John Spalck. SED found the
department to offer considerable
depth in one period While lacking
sufficient breadth to cover others.

“We presented a certain kind of
picture of how we wanted to run our
department." said Spalek, “we
pointed out that we had special
strengthinthetwentiethcentury.but
that was not allowed.“

SED found the Getrman
Department‘s chief Weaknesses to be
iii the areas of the “Age of Goethe"
(eighteenth century) and in the
medieval period. Spnlek recruited
internationally-known scholar
Wolfgang Wittkowski from Ohio
State University to teach the
eighteenth century curriculum.
Spalck is still looking for a
medievnlist and hopes to recruit one
by the end of the year.

PAGE THREE

in

 

