l

The GinGame' 

 

  

 

 

4

j_ weekend ' . l. _ i  ,l   I” 
Because The Night: Belonged To Springste

 

 

‘ starring Maureen Stapletdn & E; G. Marshall

 

 

  

 

Sun: Dec. 3,1978
Buses leave circle 10:30 am
leave NYC 7:30 pm

For reservations call: Elyse 7-7990 or Beth 7 -797 6
Limited supply of tickets available

$11200 JSC Hillel
$12.00 W/tﬂX‘
' $13.00 w/o tax

funded by student association

 

 

 

 

Dutch Quad presents

 

 

Thursday Nov. 16
‘ . &
Friday Nov. 17
8:15 pm
Dutch Quad Cafeteria

$1.00 w/tax $1.50 w/o .

funded by student association

 

 

Go hide at

 

LARRY’S
HIDEAWAY

15 Watervliet Ave.

Specialty:
Charcoal grill

 

~ You can Speak and Dance-Italian

Phone: 438-1704

 

 

 

 

-...—~..-.;~r. I

maxll _

._ "ﬂ..-__.,_—-m

We Swear it.

/ M ell cassettes ive ou the reproduce ollthe sound there” I“? a" locations SUBMAINNES a h l ‘
thaexhondiest woygto rebord is. From the lowest pedal of a ‘  OPEN 7 DAYS‘A WEEK t J; n 
everything. with incredible pipe organiothesweet ' -_- — — — - - - - : ﬂ . The refrigerator representative can be contacted in person .r

fidelity. And we mean chirping ot a nightingale.

    

 

No Turndowm  No Hassles

We will cater to your needs.
Low cost auto 8. motor cycle
insurance.

811 Central Ave.

 

 

 

COLD CUTS—-CHEESE—TUNA—TURKEY

WyumTasgf‘
MIKE'Sﬁ'iili‘fi

Available at

EU? zéE‘r'i Elicia"

 

 

 

 

 

  
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
   
   
  

In

Springsteen. Five years ago. he was
called the l‘uture‘of Roclt‘n‘roll. Three
years ago, he was on the covers of Time
and Newsweek. Today. after a legendary

summer tour and the powerful “Darkness

on the Edge of Town" album, he‘s at the
top. So what was the lioss doing at the
RH Ficldhousc Sunday night'! Giving
one of the best rock‘n'roll shows in
history.

 ’ Joan Brandejsky

 

Even though the show was sold out,
scalpers were having a hard time selling
' tickets outside. Inside the crowd was
psyched and ready to rock. They weren‘t
‘ rowdy.justjoyfuland enthusiastic. When
Bruce and the E Street Band hit the stage.
you could hardly hear the music for the
- cheers. However. the hard driving rock
-— but only Springsteen ,is capable of
roducing was ever present. The amount
if energy he released would have totaled
the normal human in nothing flat. But
' truce seemed indestructable. When he
'd (which wasn‘t often) the crowd
upplicd that needed push that got Bruce
vcr the next hurdle.

“-

- followed by a powerful “Badlands.
pirit in the Night" included one of
Bruce‘s now legendary crowd walks. Few
performers would attempt such things,
lest they be ripped to shreads. The
audience only wanted to touch. not maul.
‘ and a kiss on the check sent women into
esctacy. He was down there with us, that
,was enough.

Back on stage. “Darkness on the Edge
of Town" lacked the energy of the album.

V But that was understandable. l was only

watching and l was tired. Springsteen
performed most of the the songs fromthe
“Darkness” album. While “Promised

' Land" and “Prove it all night" (the latter

(featuring some great guitar work from
Springsteen and Miami Steve Van Zant)
and a dramatic “Racing in the Streets"
went over well, I felt his earlier albums,
Especially “Greetings from Asbury Park“

 

 

  
  
  

 
 

 

 

Ewere underrepresented. Springsteen did
(include three songs that have yet to be
ficteascd. ()f the three. “Point Blank" was
The best. The subtle power of the song's
ric combined with a sparse arrangement
:(f ad a dramatic effect.

‘9 Springsteen is a‘ born actor. or a least a

his words and his body movements.
“Thunder Road" was a personal plea on
one knee to the girl in question (how all of
us wished we were' Mary). The style
changed from soliloquy to ballet for
“.lunglcland.“ Springsteen was jumping
and leaping across the stage like Rudolph
Ntirycv. His voice and movements were
tcnsc and taught as if he would explode at
any moment. Clarence Clcmmons. “The
Man" with thc'saxaphone, swayed and
wooed the crowd and Bruce. The two
played off each other adding to the
lheatrics. By the time Springsteen left the
stage for a twenty minute break. he had
performed a tnorc powerful show than a
lot of rock acts ever put on.

liack on stage. after twenty minutes of
a well-deserved rest. Bruce came back
with what he has described as his answer
to “Louie. Louie". “Sherry”. The song
was the best Elvis Presley style rocker We
heard in a long time. The song, “Fire”
which followed, was one of my favorites.
Springsteen was pouring sexuality itito
the song and onto the stage like I’ve never
seen it before. l’resclyain screams could
be heard in the cnlongated pauses and l
was surprised that some women didn‘t
rush the stage. The sensuality of “Fire”
with added power was carried into
“Candy‘s Room“.

The opening notes of “Because the
Night“ set the mood for the rest of the
song. Although l’atti Smith‘s version of
the song still ratiks high with me, the

power and urgency of the Springsteen

performance exploded all over the stage
and paled Smith‘s version.

Power is the driving force of
Springsteen‘s music. The driving beat of
"Mona" carried into “She‘s the One."
Again Clemons was essential to the
performance of this song. He and
Springsteen played to each other with
their own version of“Can You Top This“.
The two of them ended up knee to knee
backs arched in the front ofthe stage. The
crowd loved it.

Drums returned in “Backstreet”. but
the terrible acoustics of the Heldhouac
marred the effect of the long spoken lyrics
ol the ending. the urgency of
Springsteen‘s voice could only carry the
feeling oft he song because the meaning of
the words was lost to the scoreboard The
loss of “liackstrcets” was made up by the
song which followed. "Rosalila" is in my

I e may not look pretty, but when it comes to Rok-n-Roll there's only one Boss.

  

All the Bosses and Bossettes at RPI will swear to that. (Photo: Stuart Febush)

in which the song was played. No one was
left seated: people were swaying and
dancing. singing and shouting.

Three hours of hard driving, cnergyful
rock and roll completed. Time to go
home? No WAY. Springsteen is known
for his encorcs. This is the era when a tour
every three years or so is a joyful event,
and an encore is a miracle. Bruce seemed
to know that we‘d waited on line for
eighteen hours, scrapped together our
laundry money and begged for rides in
order to get there, and that we weren‘t
going to wash our hands of his when he
tell he had done enough. He was with us
all the way and it showed. His first encore
lullillcd a special request for "Sandy." it
is a shame the song is played only by
special request because it is one of his
best. It was followed by the theme song
for any entire generation. “Born to Run."
“l ramps like us. baby. we were born to
run“ was the chant; we were one and the
highway was our only escape.

()tt went ltrncc and the hand. linough
no“ you stty'.’ YOU'VE (iO'l 'l'() Iili

CORPORATION
has an On-Campus Representative

 

every Wednesday between 1 PM and 2 PM

a medley of Little Richard songs. The
boundless energy was accentuated by
Springsteen‘s toying with the crowd. “Are
you talking to me?“ Bruce asked. “What
do you want?" he replied for us. The
answer was unanimous. Fifteen minutes

‘of all out rock and roll followed.

"You guys think you‘re so tough." was
Springsteen‘s response to us as be
bounded on stage for a third and ﬁnal
encore. “Quarter to Three" lasted for
almost twenty five minutes and every
second ot it was full ofenergy. powerand
joy. lirucc and Clemmons played offeach
other and the audience. Just when you
thought Springsteen was going to pass
out. the crowd supplied that needed boost
and he was off full force again.
Springsteen. at the end, leaped on a
speaker and tore open his shirt and the
place exploded.

The audience of Boss—worshippers left
peacefully and satisfied, but they‘d be

' back for more at a later date. At least, I

know I will. liruce. take me to Asbury
Park and make me. in your ending words,

    
 
 
 
    
 

 

m not ll/l3.
Fa Aldo Ollie:

m. or

maxe“ " 90 cry good ham. He played to the crowd opinion Springsteen's best song Joy  Kll)l)l.\‘(il ()n for the second cneot'c. "A Prisoner of Rock and Roll.‘I I'll never
— V next to Orange Ford > he a story teller, weaving his tales with the keyword here and that was the spirit Isl-“cctlugdccpinmhis mi’lucnccsmm did “m” m 65mm.
489-7405 ' - ~ - 
(110 stepsfrom Motor Vehicle Dept.) E . __.
I , llw Bower Dwuwu
Mon-grim:  Sat REFRIGE RA I OR PROBLEMS. i m cuecxs
9 am- pm 9-5 pm 11-3 pm t have been waited a we
...___...___ AsaServicetoYou _
BUY 26!“ FREE UNIVERSITY LEASING WW.

 

  
  

Stuyveum Mi

 

 

 

 

everything Intact. Moxell recordings are | ‘,- a
If you‘re recorder is up to it, so accurate. they might be o|l\ ROAST BEEF_HAM_PASTRAM| ‘~ .  Albany, New York In”
Maxell cassettes Wlll I the defense you need.  : '  at Ten   (RBSidenCe management  ,1 New Enlarged cm“
I ‘ ‘ --.5. I ' Humidor - more With: him ever
mBXB“"'"tilt!tilt!!!illtthtllilttlttttflit'ittttt.ill'ttttt a \ I . a. 0...... andteaveamessage I;
. . . _ Holiday Spec
W101“? Mamllmm'a'“ mud W‘um- .3" '°Ca"°"s l 3 Monday — Friday between 9 AM and 4.30 PM at 457 4840 mmmwmmm
OPEMDAYSAWEEK' I ') University Leasing Corporation is a privately owned corporation i'“"“'l;‘}§l_?°'“““‘, .
PAGE mm"

 

 

 

' OVEHBER 14, 1978

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

