 
   
  

.(

41:

«

 

  
 
 

MWVvhhc

-=.—_=

“w._.~_\.._A_. “ g. Us. _.___ ..

MA

_ .. was. -A‘

—-—~.____ .__._

        
      
    
     
   
    
    
         
     
   

m— 'Mu “w. .t..

i ll - . - .

 
  
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
    
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
    
  
  
 
 
  
  
    
      
    
    
    
    
 
 
     
         
   
    

AMERICAN ASSOCIATION
OF
UNIVERSITY PROFESSORS
AN QEEN LETTER. TO OUR SUNYA COLLEAGUES

As members of AAUP, we urge all our colleagues to vote for NYEA and thus support
tiic Alliance of AAUP with NYEA/ NEA. The stakes in this election are high: true
protection of academic freedom, tenure, and academic due process; opportunities for
aeadentics and professionals to participate meaningfully in decisions that have a
significant influence on their careers; and real economic security. '

it is time for change. The vaunted "influence" ofthe UrU WAFTin the legislative and
executive branches has led to the ruin of dozens of ﬂourishing academic and
professional careers. to compulsory dues for all sanctioned by minority decision, and
to a union staff that has been conspicuous by its paucity of services while it has grown
iipiice with enlarged coffers. '

l he UUl’/AF'I‘ is adrift in the world of higher education. it has not been able to
develop any appreciation of the quality of the academic enterprise and how a
professional association should protect and advance the welfare of academics and
professionals. Rooted in traditions and practices that are alien to the university
community. it shows no capacity for reform. The entrenched and static quality of its
leadership is more than adequate evidence of this.

We are convinced that the Alliance of AAUP with NYEA/N EAwill provide sound
and vigorous representation at the bargaining table and in the implementation ofa new
collective bargaining agreement. Academics and professionals with probationary
appointments must be assured of proper and reasonable peer evaluation and of
appropriate access to appeal bodies to contest adverse personnel decisions. Senior
colleagues must be assured that their appointments cannot be terminated except for
compelling cause which receives the closest scrutiny through full hearings and other
reqursites of due process. Mechanisms must be strengthened or developed for
academics and professionals to have an effective voice on our campus in the pressing
issues before the higher education community: declining student populations; the
impact of retirement legislation on possibilities for tenure; affirmative action for
woinen‘and minorities; the ever-expanding role of state and federal agencies in the ~
university community.

We have no illusion that victory for the Alliance ofAAUP and NYEA'INEAwill solve
our problems immediately. Bargaining with the state in an crri'of reduced budgets will
be difficult. But a fresh start has to be made. We hope you will cast your vote for
r\ Y l-.A/N liAand the Alliance with AAUP. A strong voice for decency musl be heard
once more on this campus.

Sylvra Barnard (Classics) Robert Hoffman (History)

Frederick Beharriell (German) J 0“ Ji10lell (Biology)

Donald Btrn (History) William Katz (Library Science)

Wt " ‘ ' I ' ' .
irdcr Cadbury (Philosophy) (reorgc Martin (Mathematics)

l .- ‘ u ,. ' .
{obcit (reegiin (Philosophy) .lohii Meehan (Finance)

R b“t D t z r " V '
0 er onov in (Lnghsh) ltttgcne Mirabelli (English)

l)eWitt [illinWI d "'
(0 (History) .loseph Norton (Counselling, l’syelioloil) r“
Student Development)

Cit  i' i ' ‘ r
1 tries de irds (Biology) llans l’ohlsantlcr (Classics)

Arnold Foster (Sociology) Donald l’rakken (Classics)

l’aul Fox G l r '
( co ogy) Jack Riehtman (French)

Francine Frank (Hispanic and ltalian Studies) (“056 Rimamilli (Italian)

H h ‘ r ' .
ug (iordon (Mathematics) Rossell Hope Robbins (English)

Josiah Gould (Philosophy) Albert Sch‘qcr (Finance)

 
   
 

 

 

 

      
       
      
    
     
       
     
   
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

- mu

Lckii'idseope:

ne moment tense with

excitement. the next relaxed

with laughter — characterizes

“Landscape of the Body" by

John Guare. performed in the
lab theater last Wednesday through
Saturday.

Susan Sokol

'l'he plin encompasses life for an
impecunious family on Christopher Street
in (ircenwich village and the ﬂashbacks
of events that led to the deaths of two of
its members. While both the deaths of
sister Rosalie (Susan Carey) and her
nephew licrt (Matthew Graff) are
accepted facts. the latter‘s demise
constitutes a perpetual unsolved mystery
to the teenage boy‘s mother Betty (Anne
Moiitgotnery) and Captain Marvin
llolahtin (Bruce Altman) of the precinct
division. Only the audience find the spirits
of the dead (who help narrate) know who
committed the heinous crime of llert‘s
murder: instantaneous death induced by
a severe blow to the victim‘s heiid. and
their subsequent decapitation and body
mutilation by Bcrt‘s friend l)onny(Mark
Sank). lhe title “Landscape ofthe Body"
is taken from the wealthy Durwood

 

 

 

Bert (Matthew Graff),

- - n... .«......
w" WNW“: vii-Nu- w.-...‘._

 

about to be killed by Donny (Mark Sank) asksfor help
Raullto‘s spirit (Steven Dominguy) watches. (Photo: Scoﬂriman)

   

“the only landscapeiworth looking at is
the language ofthe human body.“ '
lnterspersed through all this action

were songs beautifully sung by Carey. _

who interpreted very well through song
the messages different scenes had 'to
impart. it was through her soiiloquies
that the audience) learned of the true
nature of what had occurred. The
character of Rosalie underscores themes
that are incffabiy human. One such
example is that “Earth has fishing
hooks.“ She summarized this by saying
that people bite for what they want until
they can taste their own blood. in essence.
we all must go through life alone. Carey
delineated her character well. Site gave
the appearance of someone who had had
hard breaks in life but made her own way
with few advantages.

. Strong performances were also given
by Altin'an
interrogation

scenes evoked

   

,_ we?“

 

and Montgomery. 'l'he
' much
emotion truth the audience. Altman hiid a
sit oiig voice and gave the anger Captain
Iliilalinn shows depth. Montgomery also
performed an excellent charactcri/ntion
of ii totally perplexed mothei'coping with
the murder of her two closest family
members while being prosecuted for
. )1:

  

a“
85

  Laugh";

i’each‘s (timothy Lyons) words. to Betty, . _

committing one of tiieni. the emotions

\llL‘ displayed were a combination of
anger. sorrow. and confusion. l‘lirough
both of tiiese cliaiiicters. another basic
theme emerges: hatred is central to love.
ltach are intertwtnrihlc components of fire
other. llicrelore. the Captain and lletty
take it sort of liking to each other.

llert and Donny are two reasonably
strong characters and (iraf'f' and Sank
portrayed the two poor (ireenwich village
hoodlums with much accuracy. 'l‘hrough
them. we learn of the loneliness and
despair of the two youths and how this
had been caused because of their

. upbringing. Kids. without the support of

a good home life. will turn to each other.
and then eventually on each other. it
strengthens the tiieinc that We go throuin
life alone,

Stephen Domingue/ portrayed
Raiilito. a ('uhan immigrant who was
among the murdered victims. Domingue/
carried the part off convincingly through
his belic\ able t‘ll:ll',ilt‘lt.'l‘lllllltlll iind use of
dialect.

lL‘i'i lletchcop its
accomplice to the crime. showed il flair
loi coiucdy ill her role. With lici drawn
out New York accent “Shore. shore“
(sine. sure). her tales of cobras

Joanne. ilil

ll

 

 

 

 

The Italian American
Student Alliance

presents

La Festa di

‘San Nicola
on Thurs. Dec 7 at 8 pm in the

Humanities Lounge

Live Band, WINE and a hot and
cold buffet will be provided.

Admission :

g,

 

. m! vim. Hunt-o.-

  
    

Disneyland. / drummers.

Cot Freshman. Sonlianoius and Juniors rim oli this to audition for this 12 week
Slim workshop in entertainment. Scholarships. mstnp grants and stlmnds wrll

  

Captain Holahan (portrayed by Bruce Altman) tries to ellclt a full confession
from Betty (Anne Montgomery) for her son's murder. (Photo: Scott Areman)

lxoi'vcttc‘s shirts. mid deadly spiders. she
emkcd ntuch audience laughter.

Lyon played tiic part of the eccentric
\veiiitliy sotitlicriier. l)iirwood Peach.
well but It would have lent more
credibility to the performance if his
southern accent had hecit toned down a
little.

Altliotigli a minor role.thecharactcr of
the bicyclisttMark L‘ompoli) lent it big
contribution to the play. After he mowed
down Rosalie. and killed her. his only
priority was who was to fix his bike.
t'iimpiili‘s few lines were clearly stated
and his char'iicterilaiion of a hard nosed
punk was sensational. llis lines. so well
L'll'ipllilsI/L'tl. showed the coldness and
impersonal attitudes that liuinanily
sometimes shows its brethren.‘

l lit‘ staging ofvarious scenes. complete
\\Illl well positioned props gavca realistic
image to the lifestyles of the ciuiracters.
llii'oiigh tlic adept coordination and
cooperation of director, Peter Stel/cr;
scene designer. lhoinas ('lark: costume
designer. Jeffrey Ullmnn; iigiitiiig
designer. Jerome Ilanley; and all the cast
iiiid etc“. it was evident that runny hours
\\cl'L‘ spent to make the show it success
\\ liich it has. It was enjoyable to watch.as
\\c|l as havingI an inherent theine.

Joi Il’l‘hc

$hoW' Biz
Greats

In the Disney College Workshop
* SINGERS *
* INSTRUMENTALISTS it

You could find yourself perforrnlng
on the most famous stage of all . ..

 

$1.00 vvith tax card $3.50 (without

 

 

 

 

DECEMBER 5, [978

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

w c amwa~ W

i

he awarded "my selected. Minimum age. lit
Singers: Picture vocal plow t)l your Cllnli‘ﬂ Disney elioioonriiptiois wrll prwkfo
(lance lNllflO—Siilﬂtliﬁ must dance. . mum] S
: ’ 'i!) - rniiiufri irritnrntiiini selection. All ‘
liliilliilmlgffllleisllilliMEdlaS (IilCltitlllllJ rlririliiris). PilOtOS ANI) ilESUMES.
FOR ALL INFORMATION REGARDING AUDITIONS CONTACT:
lilSNlZVlAND WALl DISNEY WORLD
tflili Harbor Wild 0 [kn 40 A
Arutiurrri. CA 92803 takri lluuiu Vista. it 32am
(lift) 533-4456 all. 701 (305i) iiP-l-rli’lk'i tixl. 4206
DO NOT CALL AUDITION LOCATION

)tl hold at ttiii lllllOWIIlt] kxzituiiis

.liin. ill in l‘l. ltl LN. ~ (i l'.M.
‘lAllVrltlllNl' .‘tAllllA‘i'l’AN iioiiirii:
MI E. lint Si.

 
 

TIT’tfiillfill .

 

 

W

I 'PAon NINE

