'~"’-‘7«¥m-   .. . .

5.

 

 

 

 

. Amy State Cam. (L
‘ 1.an Paniher Strikes Again" '

 

f 2.5!aztng Saddle:  ............ ..

it

 

‘On .
C I8)‘

otter East Cinema (LC 7)

.Fri., 7:30, 9230!:

 Sat., 7:30, 9:30

 

 

 

International Film Group (LC I)

 

Cine 1-6 459-830]

on Campus

 

 
 
  
 
 
  
   

7:30, 10

7:30, l0

7:30, 9:50 I

7, 9:15

 

3.5aturday Night Fever....

 

 

 

 

Cinema 7 7854625

 

Fox Colonic 4594020
l.Retum From Witch Mountain ................................................ .. 7, 8:45
7:10, 9:50

 

Hellman Center I (I. 2 459-2I70

Hellman 459-5322

Hellman Towne 7854515

I War” It) Hold Your Hand ................... ..
Mohawk Mlll 370-1920

|.Salurrlay Night Fever .......................................................... ..7:|5. 9:45
7:30, 9:45

 

 

 

|.An Unmarried "’mmm

 

............. .. 7, 9:30
7:30, 9:45
6:30, 8:45, l0245
6:30, 8:45, l0:50

7: 15, 9:45

7: IS, 9:30

7, 9:45

 

 

 

 

J.Remrn From Witch M
Madison 489-543]

7'l5,9:l5

.... ..Fri., 7, 9, ll. Sat. 8. l0

7,9

 

8

 

200/: A Spare Utl_l'.t:t't(l'

crossword

 

Coffin stands
6 Tape recorder

n

6 Like a snake
7 Prison section 45 Type style
8 Building wing
9 Unytcldtng

10 lakes back,as a

ll Belief

 

7 —- ear l9 Grouped closely
Exchanged words 22 Hospital con-

Bowltng ball 24 Homen‘s wear

brand it Stupid
60 Hide's partner

material 26 Hangs t

Scholarly 28 Hays of

Periods of time

Brownish pigments 30
3l Presidential mono-

Know the -—-
Gives a signal

Antelope leather

Old ltallan capital 37 —— nall
Prefix for gram or 38 Musical pieces
3

raph

9

Certain sound 40 Forest inventory
Lamprey fisherman 42 Ancient harps
44 College in Maine

statement

12 Angry outbursts
13 Low. wet land

gram
33 Piano keys
DOWN 34 0th y

4
49 Formal fight

52 Baseball hall-of-
famer. ——- LaJote
54 Genetic

Solution to last mall's pants on page 2.

 
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  

 

      

en
conducting

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

FRED it: D . Arm we ocean 0M

I DON‘T BELIEUE ll.
ulE. Losl' 'lltEELEcTto

 

Awarm N6 To MY ORE
ELEcTtON ovlmou POLL,
you alooqu ileum
501. OF The car: Ann
me arises. Two cam
abum‘ue sPt—lT THE

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘ {ah—c136»? My ‘ ‘ _ ” ‘ ‘ ‘ ‘ ' T ‘ _ ‘
rt: Hm: Lone worst)

p‘i‘ﬂﬂ MIN

at Ralph Boxlcy wni bcdisapp0'm‘léof by

 

 

  

 
 
 
 

loan, ‘l’alcn‘l’, humor, hale f ‘
above qll, fCude's3 Ive

 

 

 

 

Turk"? Press Oorpot lim-

 

Ag golﬁng, pcISanql oil
oliilml re Stiles, conflicim opinion!) "mmj |
my S‘l'qf anal ‘ihe— Stiff Compciilian "m MT]
livql . Fteol -l'llr. Boat
I woviol ilk?— 'la 'iltanK “H ‘l
‘l‘rcmwoiovb surpov’r alt/1i
Could ‘lh'mK o‘l 60mmch

 

 

 

 

  
 
  
 

 

   
  
 
  
   
   
  
 
 
   
 
   
  

‘ wEu-‘Dot;,0un FlRSTMlSSIUN [5 to nRaEsr
THE Most racket) LRERTURE \N THE “WEN
A ' was SINISTER EVILIWHO tswmenruuimuo

   

 

 

 

 

  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

, ,_ Jill l‘UNME IMEZ that mitt:
.' "H" [(lltJItLt)F mleNG
  © ku‘iwswws AND ’

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

J

 

k

"£5345".-.

 

ALBANY

.uuuu u-una.uu.nunausuunu u-uncunnsuo-guuuuuu .

.amnnu'r.ruas...._...,...  .. . ..  .

rs comment ,

 

as, breadsticks, and fresh fruits.
n addition to a good dinner, Mike Emerson
. Bruce Cohen, better known as “Second
3:", provided us with entertainment
oughout dinner. v

feel the Dutch Quad Cafeteria should be
mended for all the work they put into
king April l8 not just another Tuesday

ht!
Anna Jean Tammaro

mayfest
banner

the Editor:
st week.upon arriving at school,we
overed that the banner advertising
fest ‘78 had mysteriously disappeared
I in front of. the campus center.
e, as members of University Concert
rd. had designed that banner in order to
rm the student body about the free concert
try 7. What‘s more, the sheet was hung in
r to generate some enthusiasm about the
u ming concert. It isadisgrace that another
ent would not take into account the hard
k put into this project before acting so
ponsibly.
e hope that through reading this letter.
person will come to realize the injustice
ught upon the students by his/hcr uction.
ask only that the banner be returned to the
pus center so that it can serve its original
pose.
Lori Kling
Kathy Sncdikcr
Jack Schonhaul

university
police

I the Editor:
I would like to make a strictly personal, “off

" 6 record" reply to Mr. Churlcs‘ lcttcr in the

SP entitled “Paper Police."
As a fellow ol'liccr oi Jim Reidy. i know he

dsno defense. He is a fine man to knowand
rexccllcnt olflccr. If Mr, Churlcs rcccivcs as

ny "A's" as Officer Reidy has caught

rglars. hc‘ll graduate "cum laudc," and l
cerer hope he does.
ldo wish to address myself to the very last
ragraph ofthat letter, and if possible correct
me misunderstandings about myjob 1151 set:
In my position. i work at lhrcc basic.
mcwhnt different. but important functions;
1) Service functions: i.c., helping pcoplc get
0 their locked cars. finding lost children.
in! directions. giving aid to the injured.
lplng stranded motorists. extinguishing
all firclt before they get bigger). ctc.
2Regulatory functions: i.e., parking
8Ulation, vehicle and traffic law
orccmcnt tvcs -— that's what the radar gUn
for). safety code enforcement. identification
public hazards, directing trafﬁc, motor
‘ Iclc accident investigation. clc.
3)Law Enforcement, i.c. detection and
cttigation of crime, apprehension of
minall, aiding in the prosecution of
minala (arrest and processing of criminal
).ctc.
All of those tunctions are legitimate and
Portant facets of myjob. It is unfortunate.
I Wm: of these functions have greater
Mull than others. Therefore it is foolish to
mewlfand my fellow ofﬁcers by the only
You have Iccn. And it is irresponsible and
tntlous to speak in terms of “collective
“skin.” It is pretentious because I havc

heard no one laugh when I found their lostj

child, or got them into their locked car in 20

- below weather, or started someone‘s car again.

or put out a fire that threatened to burn down
our buildings. or arrested someone beating on
our students, or went into an open window in a
blacked-out building at night. knowing the
bad guys were inside. I never heard anyone
chuckle in those instances. Please, Mr.
Charles, don‘t pretend to speak for the entire
University Community.

It is irresponsible to speak in a “collective”
voice because any police agency will function
l00 percent better with the cooperation of its
public. Police~public cooperation will ﬂourish
in ’an' atmosphere devoid of personal
rccrtmlnattons and blanket damnations of
everyone and everything a police agency does.
We need your help to catch burglars (if it was
only as easy as you think).just as we need your
cooperation in maintaining a 30 m.p.h. speed
on campus (ask any jogger ifthey think that‘s
important). It is all too easy to sit back and
draw battle lines based on personal gripes, and
demand that "we" be on one side and “they” be
on the other. As as recent alumnus of Albany
State, I find this particularly irksome because
It is my community as well as yours. And the
last thing this community needs, is battle lines
where communication lines should be.

Doug Kern

critic
criticized

a. _
To the Editor:

I would likc to call to tile attention of the
ASP editorial stall thc necessity of sending
Inlclligcnl and qualified reviewers to the
lhcntrc Department productions. i‘or ycrirs
tllc quality of thcsc criticisms has bccn at best
poor and the latest urticlc on 77w Mair/s by
Michucl P. Fried is as painful rm example of
lhis incptncss us any i ll:ch rcud.

lhc more obvious crrors nccdlng correction
lerI
|. lhc rolc ol Maldnmc was pcrlormcd by
Debbie Lung (not Land)

2. Illcchnruclcr played by Miss Dclmnn was
Sollmgc not Sulongc.

thlhcr lhcsc flows wcrc typographical crrors
or lhc qull of thc uutltor they could casin
lmvc bccn clinlintltcd by simply pruoi-rcuding
lhc nrticlc Willi 2t program in hand.

lhc morc serious firms llc in Mich:ch
l‘rlcd's criticism of lllc ploy llhcll. lllL’
ilnprcssion comcycd ls lhnl 'I'ltt' Mauls is u
"poorly wrlltcn pluy" winch ls plugucd by
mislrnnslntion. Docs l‘rlcd rcnd l‘l‘cnch‘.’ Jenn
(icnct is one of lhc grcutcst modcrn
playwrights and dcscrtcs morc intclligcnt
lrcnlmcnl of his art, One cannot nbusc lcrms
such llS "absurd" since it rcfcrs lo a specific
slylc of modern drumn. (jcncl is not an
nbsurdtsl. Nor can they label u play “contrivcd
and confusing" simply because they do not
huvc lllc ability to cornprchcnd its dramatic
slructllrc. As Michucl l'rlcd opcnly admits hc
is not lnrmllur with lhc works of (rcncl. l'cw
students outsldc llppcrcluss “Willie and
English mﬂjtll'h tire. and his mtsrcprcscntntion
licrc is cxcmplnry ol Illilcrulc and unfounded
criticism.

It should bc noted that the issue here is not
whcthcr Mr. him or any ufthc prcvious ASP
writers have the right to comment unflivornbly
on any given production. Thcir impressions
and opinions on the quality of acting,
designing. and directing are quite valid. [hey
do however have a responsibility to write
intelliginy out of rcspccl for the aesthetic
experience they are presented with. They
certainly do not have the right to assume the
role of literary critics unless they are qualiﬁed
in that area and their record ofincompetencc
clearly demonstrates that they are not.

Michael F. Bopp
Vice President. Theatre Council

 

    

Secrecy of Presidents  v . _ ,

The SUNYA Presidential Search Committee is entering into the
final stages of choosing who shall lead this university. Theoommittee
has narrowed down the field from an original total of about 200
applicants to about five ﬁnalists. One of the remaining candidates will
be chosen by the committee to take the reigns of SUNYA at a crucial
point in its history. .

Last weekend, the committee secretly met with one of the candidates
who travelled to this campus at the committee's invitation. The fact that
this meeting was kept secret brings up the question of whether any of the
potential candidates will be revealed to the S UNYA community beforea
final decision is made.

As the field narrows down to a select few, it is imperative that the
committee decide to let the candidates meet with the people they will be
working with: faculty members and students. One cannot feel the pulse
of SUNYA by sneaking into the campus for secret meetings.

The committee has shied away from any publicity because of the fear
that publicity would force potential ﬁnalists to withdraw. As of now, no
decision has be made as to whether the finalists will be able to meet with
students and faculty.

While it is understandable to keep the candidates names conﬁdential
when there is a large number being considered, when it is time to makca
final decision, the candidates should be revealed and meet with the
S U N YA community.

The new president should have at least some direct contact with
faculty and students before he or she is selected; it will also serve to give
these factions some input in the process.

Hopefully, the new president will have an open administration and
avoid much of the secrecy that has plagued this place in past years. In
keeping with this, the S U N YA community should be able to observe the

final choice and the process by which the next president is selected.

...And Deans 

The evaluation report of-Dean-foteSocial ‘Seicncﬁ‘ﬁjchgrdfﬁelfdall
has sat on Vice President Martin's desk for 'nearlytwo thbiitlis. Martin“
will finally be making a recommendation on that evaluation, after being
approached by faculty members who asked him why he was taking so
longto act. Clearly, this has taken too much time, regardless of whether
the report was positive or negative.

This is another area where secrecy has been predominant and caused
harm. While the reputation of one man is at stake, so is something which
affects students and is probably more importantzthe morale of faculty in
an entire academic division.

 

é 

Illtl\l\\ \ltntiltn. Inlmu ill~( l-u'l
.ltt\\lll\\ "fluids. \Inmrcmo lulu.”

\nutmtnu Murmu ('ot
\wn rm \l\\\ unions ,Illl Hunk. “th. ll\tl Mum Sulln
\\l‘lt l\ inilom l'l'llll Ilimrsns. l.\l llll Minus
\ssm IA" um I\ tnltmu l)l\\|\ hr mutt. (5 PW M [at "All
\Pllltl't inutut , , Ru n SI-l losrm
\wnuu spouts mirror . . l‘.\il St lIWAIl/
hmnrnul Pitt.“ iotma . . JUN Lat/wont»

sun wulllls: M linm. New liruckcti. l-rldic l mcimun. Mike l‘fltd. Ken Kurt]. MJ, Mem-
Inuit. lcrn Mlkorctldn. Stctctlslcr. Mikc l‘carlman..| M Reilly. Druid SplfoAPMANMﬂIh:
l Ilrn \lnmlcu. lcssc scum-t room MM: 1 Llllfll: (iluscr vntvttw PAM: Hilde Hmnd News
\\\I\H\l1 |.iut.| \clunuh \ttlltt.l r: handy Robinson Mws lllllttl muirtls: Bryan

llullbcrg
hum ( Allll.l. ‘lt/I‘r'llllllig \funugrr
ill sum rmurusuon . Si-mrt RAtifllit
lit sl'slhs \tAhAtrtl Wu [Mt liluuMAN
Bulm. mnumnl (AttoL (tiltttss
I'uuori mums . . EILhN‘ has.

um H|H0\\I|Z \lthc Anion. Kit-inc Mcrlltclslcin tussmln ADVIIIIMME: Steve Maucr
rostrostrios: fun» Soon to ttmvosIlIoN: lrcuc l'rrrnat. Kelly Kits. Debbie Kopt. Liz
it umnlk. \tcpllnllll' Slicrnmn oth I: l on Applchltutll, Mark “illlhlttul‘d. Michelle Mucktcll

JIA\VI .In. I‘rmluruon Manager
MltltAll.(ill.l1tlS xtnnlun/ Production Manager

Hun mm . . . . . . . . . . . .lonv WILNsu
(ilarutt (UOIDINAIOII . . . . . . . , .th‘xs'lhl Bum
Hum Al mum . . . . .Dnr; KAPluW, Jeri Leva

run-t r: l orruinc l): l'icrro, Rich l’iauu. Allison l’lolch. Sarah Subcl. Laurie Studwcll.
l).l\c Mnllut'h. Maureen Wlnluls nrlsrs:('lara Kuebler. Laurie Lesko. Lorraine Libertore.
Denise Mason. Diana ()rucl. Amy Phillips. Adela Stelur, Ilev 'lobin
ESTAILISHED I!“
I h' 417mm Mullen: Fun is publlrhrdrvrly Tran/a y and Friday during the .trhualyeqr by Ill:
Album .S'llulrnl I‘mu Corporation. an mdrprndrnl nor-far-pmﬂr organizallon. bditarlal
[min t n r/t‘lfllilim’d by Mr Editor-m4 turf. and fl rubjm to review bythe Editorial laud.
Mailing address Album SImlrm Putt, ( £129. [400 WMMII'IOII Ava, Albany, N Y I222)

 

 

 

loan or Dllsctoaa
S'rsrutN DleaNKaOSrINCI Ration» Damn GAINIS

 

 

 

  
    

 

