 

 

(AP) School bells will have a richer
tone this year as they summon nearly
60 million U.S. students to classes at
a cost of$|55 billion. on Sll billion
increase over the last academic year.
the government said Thursday.

The 7.6 percent increase in the
total costs. despite it drop in total
enrollment. is due largely to inﬂa-
tion. particularly in the rising cost of
salaries for teachers and other staff.
according to Vance Grant of the
National Center for Education
Statistics.

Total enrollment will be down 1
percent from last year‘s 60.3 million
students to 59.8 million at every level
from kindergarten through graduate
school. the center said in its annual
"‘back-to-scltool" forecast,

Enrollment in the nation‘s public
elementary and high schools is ex-
pected to drop HJl.000 to 42.9
million while college enrollment is

urS/MAnv ANN Mom

 

PA : V .
CKEDlN Over enrollment at SUNYA has resulted In crowded expected m climb 300,000 m a

llvlng condltlom. such as this room In Brubacber Hall where 14 . . .
women share llvlng space. The unlveralty has leased a building In [3‘0"] I.” m'lhon‘ rhc 90mg“ ‘1.”
still feeling the effect of the post-

Loudonvllle t
Milk—H rowdo‘yo m emf 75‘ddlllomlﬂl‘ﬁ—m" World War ll baby boom that

Dwellings

continued front page tree

facilities for students has been going
“We‘re going to try to increase facul-
ty and student participation this time
around."

However. according to Karlson.
the program still mtist overcortte
several obstacles.

Along with the repairs to be made
and the rents to be collected. an ac-
tive board of directors needs to be
recruited. It will be contprised ofad-
mtntstrative personnel as well as
students “We just haven‘t had
enough people to do wltat‘s
necessary." Karlson explained.

Repairs. such as it prtinting aitd
fixing faulty electrical systems. will
be tackled, by the superintendent.
who is a graduate student. Once the
board is appointed. an effort will be

made to include tenants in the
physrcal maintenance of the
burldrngs. This practice may

significantly reduce the rental rates.
lenants presently living in the
apartments will not be evicted. but

demographers say peaked in I96I.
The end of that boom. which has

Beneclce

mnlinuedfrom page "1'9

fieldman, after an initial reluc-
tance to settle for less than the $2000
that SA paid for the note.eventually
agreed with the lawyer. “I! was better
for the SA to settle out of court
beeattse of the additional expenses

witness travel. lawyer's fees. keep-
ing track of the guy when you
have 51400 sitting in a bank you take
it.“

ltrtve the option of moving by

December 3| without penalty. thus
leaving the rooms available to
students. The buildings may house

If to 12 students. Six SUNYA
residents currently live there.

Karlson believes that the program
should be operated by both students
and the board. Students will have the

responsibility of selecting tenants
and appointinga dependable 'l‘cnant
Selection Committee

 

We’ll mo‘ot you more than half-way.

You In
hero

X

Planned Pannthood comu to SUNVA.
Thursday: 6 - to run. Health Center
For appointments and Information: 434-2182

We are have x

259 Lark Strut

Pllnnod Parenthood of Aluny A Ronuolur Countln

 

 

    

already made declining enrollment is
problem for many schools. won‘t
confront the colleges until I982.
Grant predicted.

The tab for the nation‘s collEges
this yearwill be $55 billion. up nearly
9 percent; enrollment is up close to 3
percent.

Despite the overall drop in public
and private school enrollment from
49 million to 48.2 million. their costs
are up 7 percent to SIOO billion.
Elementary and secondary teachers

will number more than 2.4 million..

with the pupil-teacher ratio down to
l9.6-to-l. down a notch from |9.9. A
decade ago it was 23.7.

Grant said salaries are the key ele- I pay $16.5 billion. or lilo per“

    
  

some scho

salaries account for 50 min

budget. he
counting the

lunch rooms and drive thubu:

“Most of

is due to keeping up with in”! .

or trying to.
The largcs

tabwill be borne by the st
billion or nearly 37 pcrcen

governments
28 percent.

one.fcrurth will come (lltl'CllH
moplcvs pockets or other tour

while the fc

 

 

 

~st

 

01

Eli

 

  

 

 

  

 

 

 

said. “and that
people
this $1] billion in
“ he said.

t share ofthctduii
taut

rind
$43.3 billion urns

Some $38.3 l)lllll)i

dcral grwcrmnm

 

 

‘

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

k

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

..

 

Btwnoartenéﬁ

 

   
 

Call 436-9958

 

Fortnse who haven’t
discovered it yet,
we’re a little better

at everything we do.

53 N.

Lake Ave.

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

Ace &

 

The PAPA BEAR Lounge
(1615 Central Ave., V2 mile west

presents

(formerly of Adirondack)
With

The Units <

Friday & Saturday Nights

of Fuller Road)

Dave

From The Bank.

 

September 1 & 2‘)

 

 

 

 

  

 

checking account — instantly.

  

A special package for people under 22.

The Bank Key gives you access to cash. day and night
at more than 80 locations in Northeastern New York
Yoti can make deposits and withdrawals from your

‘ The Bank Key is private and secure. Only you have the

secret password to make your transaction.

I ‘lelltat s more. you can have absolutely. positively. 100%

rec c tecking until yoti reach 22 — along with The Bank Key
Stop in at any office of The

Bank and open your free checking

account. Then you'll have your Bank

CARBPHJS

  
 
 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

M

 

 

0diating Sculpture

..lf you‘ve been taken aback by the stringe figures cropping
up on the north side of the podium. don‘t be alarmed. You
haven't had a close encounter; you‘ve been staring at one of
. tWo sculpture exhibitions scheduled for SUNYA this fall.

riThe first, called “David Hayes Sculpture.“ will be
adorning the podium through Nov. 1.

The large. sprawling pieces are by internationally known
sculptor David Hayes. and are. in his words. as quoted in a
SUNYA press release. “derived from nattirc — w from the very
air that we breatlte.“

During the exhibition. tltc University Art

   

Gallery. located

'i

and other items related to the subject.

Welcome...

John Levato assumed tltc roll of Assistant to the Dean of
the Business School on Thursday. August 3|. replacing
Helen l’elcrsi. who resigned on June 15. ..

s ' Formerly an adviser in the University College (CUE)
responsible for irttcndcd business majors. Levan has spent
the last two years as Assistant Registrar for Records where he
wasfvln charge of Degree Clearance. grade reports and otltcr
areas.

Dean William K. Holstein said of ltis new assistant. “Mr.
Levato ltas excellent experience in advisement and
administration. Helen l’clcrsi was one of'thc ﬁnest here; she
handled a very heavy load ofstudents and did it well. She will
certainly be missed. However. we are ccrtairt that Mr. |.cvato
will ﬁll the roll well."

University Suffrage

Votcr rcgistratiort and absentee ballot forms will be
distribtited by NYI’lRG. SASU. ()CA. rind SA next week
from it) to 5 in tltc Campus Center lobby. (ieneral elections
including the gubernatorial clectiort will be held on
November 7; the deadline for mailing irt absentee ballots is
October 31. These ballots must be received by the board of
elections before the polls close on Nov. 7.

Matty off campus students spend more tiritc in arid are
greatly inllucrtccd by the Albany County housing and traffic
laws. If you consider Albany your home. yoti ltave a right to
register to vote in Albany County elections.

'Felicitations

SUNYA Chemistry Professor Harry L.

— Richard Behar

Jessica Sullcs

of New York Board
contributions in a professor‘s field.

There is currently only one other SUNYA professor
William Fenton. holding this title.
recipients in the entire SUNY system.

Frisch's contributions have been cxtre
field of polymers. His research. along with that of his

land what he terms
r ithat he appreciates the opportunity both to teach and to

the facilities to be “on the whole. quite good." and shares a
_ mutual respect with his fellowjgculty members.

H continuance“ status. it was determined last year by SEDthat
° the department‘s progress iit those tltlcc years was “not

' in the Fine Arts building.will have on ltand drawings. studies

ls'risclt has bccit

designated a Distinguished Professor by the State University
of Trustees. art honor recognizing

arid only 33 other

rttely valuable irt tltc

 

 

off for It years before coming to SUNYA in 1967.
Frisch said he maintains t e highesuegard for SUNYA
“an unusual group of students." He said

now them. .
Of the chemistry department. Frisch said that he consrders

— Barbara Zolot

Three Wise Men

Three internationally reknowned chemists will visit
SUNYA next week in the first step in an attemptto resurrect
the Chemistry PhD program. accordingto Vice President for
Academic Affairs David Martin.

The Chemistry PhD program was suspended by SUNYA
President Vincent O‘Leary last fall after a negative report
from a State Education Dcpartrttent review committee. The
chemistry department had undergone rirt initial SE1)
cvaluation three years earlier and was pttt on “provisional

adequate.“

The three chemists will be prmided by the American

Chemical Society and will analyze the strengths and
Weaknesses of the department. according to Martitt.

After that. the chemists will make recommendations on
what needs to be done irt order to bringthc doctoral program
up to SED standards.

  
  

— Thomas Martello

  
  
 
 
 
   

ht

l

Steve ()stcr V .7

Tune In, Turn On

WSUA. SUNYA‘s AM radio station.
broadcasts in 2-} weeks under the direction 0
station WCl)ll. according to Wt‘l )ll General Manager l)a\c
ltctsman.

Reisrnan explained that the station will sci \casa“pi oving
ground" for WCl)ll prograriimtng.

"We‘re going to utililc ll [‘ll'llllill'll)
programming source to W(‘l)ll. as well as a training facility
for our staff members." ltc said.

Reisman continued to explain that W
used as an oti-air test facility foc new progr
be arrcd on WCDll.

Although no specific format has been decided upon.
Reisman suggested that thcconrcnt would be largely \ariablc
with a committritent to new ideas.

“We‘ve considered the possibility of a
consisting ofjayl. rock. talk. public affairs
.I V sports.“ ltc said. “but we're largely undecided."

WSUA will be broadcasting at ()4 on tltc A M dial arid will
be heard on all five quads. It will bs a carrier ctirrcnt station.
ill be transmitted via poWer litres
ll outlets will be able

will begin regular
l its parertt FM

as art alternatnc

SUA could also he
illllllllllg lLlL'ilb lU

block for mat
cvctt carrying

which means signals \v
hence only those radios plugged rrito war

to receive the station.
5.0.

. As the Saying Goes

A new motto for SUNY. " l o l.carn- l o Search-T o Serve"
was adopted by the SUNY Board of Trustees on May 24 to
replace the former credo, “l.ct liacli Become All lie is
Capable of Being."

 

Key Card shortly, “ “a: W” ll , . . . .
Bank On The 8'; I ll _ .....~-' (. 'coucﬂgucs. has resumd '" [he develop "‘9'" 0h among 01h!” According to Chair of tltc rid-hoe committee to rcvrsc tltc
( n t. ".11va My" lhlnﬁs. "CW POIYUTClhﬂm‘ compounds med l“ m‘my everydlly motto. Judith Moyers. “When the [former] motto was first
Nr “ems Sue" “5 Bellrsv adhe‘llvcs “"‘l Pl‘ml‘x chosen it was for a small group of colleges. ltt over two
uttpnalCommorcralBankandTrustC  " ‘ ' . .. '  .. . . . .. . - . .. .. _ . ,.. . d . ...
1&1“;chka 0- l‘rtsch said that his interest rrt sCianc began at an earlyage dccudcs 1hr.- 5UNY system has hccmitc not an LoiLrs litany
8"“ Wils l’L'l'l’ClU‘llC‘l by his Older bl‘mhcr'ﬁ Cﬂrcc" “5 u aspects of education. including graduate level work in
Ballk Key l0calion at SUNY ChemlsL medicine and lriw. We. tltctrustees.consulted manydiffcrent
  Check Cashing Window of Campus Ce 1 “c received his PM) “0'” m“ "Ml/led“lc lnsllllllc of groups in the universities before We made ottr decision. We
m  n e" \ ‘ Brooklyn. rind has been a faculty member and visiting mm with students. faculty. and administrators."
l"“"" ‘ ‘ professor at various institutions around the country. He was Moycrs' said charges that the old motto wri. exist were
" There ltad

been law suit precedents in other
Maryland. which Wedid not want to occurin New York,"slte
said. ' * ,
Committee member Mary Herlt said the new motto
“covers all the broader facets of the university: “ “To Learn'
encompasses
the research aspects of the university:
university does work for the people of New York and the
people of New York work for SUNY A
overlooked in the previous motto."- Herlt is Chair of the
Faculty Council for Two Year Colleges.

...And Another Welcome

rent control are among the objectives of Lisa Rynes. who in
May of this year became the coordinator ofthe Off Campus
Association.

advisors for this newly created position. which will be funded
by RA.

received a Masters of' Fine Arts in sculpturing. Rynes has
experienced the off-campus life iltrough the eyes of both the
strident and the landlord.

Michigan while living off—campus there in I967. Presently
she lives in chssaclcr. where she rents to students who
attcrtd colleges in the Albany area.

ittodcl leases and rent control are really the tnain objectives.
she said.

Ryncs concluded. "off-campus housing is it two-way street.
Students have to be interested and item c iii the community in
which they ll\t.‘. We must get some sort of'rcprcscntation for
the off—canipus students by any of utter registration; to get
st udciits to \ote in a block and be responsible and influential

Have the Right to Counsel

states. most. notébly' -

the previous motto: ‘To Search' encompasses ‘
‘To Serve' —— that the

—somethingwhich was

— Todd S. Beyer
The improvement of leases as well as a movement towards

Rynes was one of fifty appiicants screened by 0.C.A.

A graduate of the University of Michigan where she

Art active member of' the successful student rertt strike at

Improving lcuscs. having landlord and tcttanr follow

As tothc role ot'thc off-campus strident iiitltc Albany area.

it tltc arca.
Martin Fennelly

SA Legal Services is presently iii the process of hiring
another attorney with expertise in constitutional and
appclatc litigation. accordinng current Legal Services
lawyer Jack Lester.

A SA committee is currently interviewing four finalists
front art original 25 candidates who applied for lllCJUh. liaclt
of the tour has at least tcrt years of litigation experience.

The itcw lawyer will work on campus eight hours a week
and will be available for trials. “Voting rights. code
enforcement. academic arid disciplinary due process. dorm
searches and sci/tires. campus police misconduct. and
adriiiriistiativc negligence will be some of the concerns of the
new lawyer." said |.cslcr.

0n the Move

SA has moved lrurn tltc third Hour of the campus center to
a new suite tll offices on the lust floor. In addition to offices
for the SA President. Vice l‘Icsidcni and Controller. the ()ff
('ariiptts Association. Legal Scriiccs. and SASli dclegatcs
\\Ill hate office space. Our: office has been left urtdesignatcd
so that the suite has more llc\ibr|ity insupplyingoffrccspacc
to groups. according to SA President Paul l‘cltltltttlt. llic
iccoiisir‘ttctiou cost SA 5 MIN!) of student tax money and the
urincr'sity :idlitriiistiation contributed 5.7.300.

 

   

 

also a member of the Bell Telephone Laboratories' tccltriical Y “my a tumor in the decision to create a new one.

 

 

snort: FOUR

g...

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS. '

 

 

SEPTEMBER 1, ll sEPTEMBER 1, 1978

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

 

