   
   
 
 
  
    
    
  
  
  
  
  
    
   
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
    
 
  
   
   
   
  
  
   
 
  
     
  
 
  
     
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
    
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
   
  
 
   
 
   
 
   
  
 
  
    

 

    

 

 

'7 I  If news briefs-.-

 

wings of the Africaner-dominated National Party. Abroad,
South Africa's decision to reject the U.N. independence plan I

Vance in the Middle East . _
for South‘West Africa and to hold elections there before the l

AMMAN, JORDAN (AP) Secretary of State Cyrus Vance I black suerillas of the South-West. Africa People’s
seeked Saudi Arabia's'cooperation yesterday with the Camp Organization can do mUCh m0“ campmsnms for WHEN]
David accords in exchange for the F-IS lighter deal the “FPO” and laid ‘0 new Chm“ f“ °°°“°m'c "mum"
Caner administration pushed through Congress. Vance was against the White “Elme-
flying to Riyadh after meetings with King Husein that -
produced no public change in the king's opposition to the  causes 
peace framework President Carter, Egyptian President '
Anwar Sadat and Israeli Prime Minister Menaehem Begin
erected at Camp David. Meanwhile, Syria‘s foreign minister
said‘ Vance's visit to Damascus Saturday would have no
effect on President Hafez Assad‘s unequivocal rejection of
the Sadat-Begin agreements and all Sadat's dealings with the
Israelis. Carter spokesmen insisted during the
administration‘s bitter fight last spring to sell the Saudis 60
F-l5s that the sale was part of a plan to bolster American
inﬂuence with the conservative Arab government in an effort
to achieve a peace settlement for Israel. Vance has two other
levers to use on King Khaled and Crown Prince Fahd: the
network of business and military contacts between the two
countries. and the American contention that collapse of the
process could result in Sadat's replacement by someone
aligned with the radical Arab regimes. The Saudi inﬂuence
derives from several sources. As custodians of the holiest
shrines of Islam. they are important religious leaders. As the
Middle East‘s largest oil producer and the owners of the
world‘s largest proven oil reserves. they subsidize Syria.
Egypt. Jordan and other poorer Arab states. However, the
Saudis in a statement Tuesday said the Camp David accords
cannot be considered a final acceptable formula for peace
because they do not guarantee'lsraeli withdrawal from all
occupied territory. including East Jerusalem: the Palestinian
right to self-determination and their own state. and
recognition of the Palestine Liberation Organization as the
sole. legitimate representative of the Palestinian people.

on the new routes from South America that have made

Prime Minister Resigns
. l’uerto Rico a convenient jumping off point to the profitable
PRETORIA. SOUTH AFRICA (AP) Prime Minister John U-S- "ﬂanker.

Vorster‘s resignation probably will plunge South Africa into 0
new crises at home and abroad. But it means no majorFord    
change in ‘the government‘s racial policies. Political

'observers expect afurious power struggleinthe coming week WASHINGTON (AP) Former Praident Gerald R. Ford
among three powerful contenders for Vorster‘s job. and told Congress yesterday that the Warren Commission would

DAMASCUS. SYRIA (AP) The main Palestinian guerrilla
groups have decided to escalate their guernlla operations and
attack American and other Western targets because of the

today. “The United States an _
us in the back long enough. the time has come for us to strike
back." the source said. He gave no hint of anti-American
attacks that might be planned. Yasser Arafat. the chief of the
Palestine Liberation Organization made a similar threat
Tuesday. The PLO and other guerrilla groups have been
operating independently of each other. frequently at odds.
dissipating their strength through the maintenance of
separate logistic and planning structures.

Major Drug Ring Broken

SAN JUAN. PUERTO RICO (AP) Customs inspectors
made a routine check on a Nashville. Tenn.. woman‘s
baggage and said they found 47 pounds ofcocaine. A similar
check netted four pounds hidden in a statuette bought by a
woman arriving from Peru. Drug ofﬁcials say the womenare
"mules" H carriers of illegal drugs — that are working the
new Caribbean connection that has developed since
authorities cracked down on the old Mexico-Texas route.

Here there are special problems. Cruise‘ships and airplanes
carry large numbers oftouriststothis resort island both from
South America and the US. mainland. The two recent
seizures Were only minor raids by law enforcement officers

 

ﬁtting Turned On

kkbetween the increasingly polarized liberal and conservative have broadened its inquiry into the murder of PresidentJohn

Lee Harvey Oswald killed Kennedy and that he acted alone,
Ford. one of the three still-living members of the
commission. testified before the House assassinations
committee. Ford said the commission knew nothing about
CIA plots to assassinate Castro and CIA contacts with
organized crime ﬁgures as part of those; “Had the wan...
Commission known of assassinatiOn plots directed against
Castro. this might have affected the extent of the
commission's inquiry," he said. In general. the former

Cam David agreements. a senior Palestinian source said , .
P a... w... m. beenmbbms Taxes Cut on Capital Gains

E Kennedy had it known of CIA plots to assassinate Cuban
eader Fidel Castro. But he, said he doubts that such an
“quin would have altered the commission‘s conclusion that

president defended the commission's work as thorough.

WASHINGTON (AP) The Senate Finance Committee
voted yesterday to slash the tax on capital gains by $4 billion,
The action. approved by a 13-] vote. was conditioned on the
assumption the panel will write a new alternative minimum
tax. aimed at high-income investors who pay little income
tax. That alternative levy would bring in about $1 billion_
The committee‘s proposal would provide about three times
the capital-gains tax relief voted by the House last month.
The federal government now collects about $9 billion a your
in capital gains taxes. Under current law. 50 percent of
capital gains. which are profits from the sale of asscsts, are
taxed at the same rate applied to a taxpayer's other income.
After a 810.000 exception. the other half is subject to it IS
percent "minimum tax.“

Talks Move to Washington

NEW YORK (AP) Negotiators in the contract dispute that
has stopped the presses of the city's three major daily
newspapers have been invited to move the talks to
Washington starting Monday. The publishers association.
representing the Times. the News and the Post. were to meet
here yesterday morning to discuss the matter. The suggestion
to move the talks came Wednesday from Kenneth Moffcn.
deputy director of the Federal Mediation and Conciliation
Service. Meanwhile. the l0.000 newspaper employees idlcd
by the pressmen‘s strike. now in its seventh Week. are within it
week of being eligible for beneﬁts of $l25 a week under this
state‘s unemployment insurance proyam. The controversial
payments would constitute a Si.25 million weekly drain on

 

 

state funds. a bill the papers eventually would have to p_n_y; J

 

 

SUNY Albany“ on them. and send them to various SUNYA
administrators.

UAS General Manager E. Norbert Zahm said it is UAS
policy for ample cleanup to be planned before they have a
function. For individual groups. it's their responsibility to
clean up after their activities.

Ever wonder why you have to pay $14.50 or so to get your
campus phone turned on, year after year? According to Mrs.
Casale. who works in N.Y. Telephone‘s accounting
department. turning on the phones is a complicated. time
consuming task. Aside from pressing the actual buttons that
turn the phones on. forms have to be filled out and ﬁled. new

' 0
accounts have to be checked and some ﬁeld work has to be  Bl‘sma 

done. Occasionally.the phone company has to send out men In answer to residents‘ complaints. there will be more
to work on cables and machinery in ordertoturnon some of midday bus runs to Pittman Hall. SUNYA's Loudonville
the phones. dorm.
or students would have to pay much higher turn-on fees.said additional bus runs haVe been supplementing Pittman‘s
Mrs. Cttsalc. In fact. getting a telephone turned on can cost midday schedule since Sept. l8. “Buses leaving the circle at
have a sweet little racket going on. paying only one-third said.
iwltut some other poor folks have to pay to get their phones The former schedule included live morning runs to
Thank-you. N.Y. Telephone. between “:30 am. and 2:30 p.m.
.; —— Mltchell Drach “We‘re working on a 2:00 am. has or van from the uptown
. , r ."
f O O -
Group Fights Campus Litter Weekend." 56"! Well»

The decision to add more bus runs was made“as a result of
been started. according to grad student Tom Donnelly. Six because of student complaints to bus drivers." he said.
areas are to be concentrated on: the podium. the quads. — Jeff Kennel
downtown campus.

The Environmental Decision Committee. which is heading

All hopeful film-makers on campus should take heart.
prom”, Kelly out“: Biology Dcmnmcnutmcdthat,“1‘hia because now they'll have an organized club within which to
commission's attention wasth I ~ . I
garbage out of their windows. lucsdny night at 8:00 pm In Fine Arts Room I26.
notes that this problem can‘t be blamed entirely on the ncwclub.shyslhﬂllth'WinVlllnﬂl‘ll SUNYA SludcnlsWho
students. “Where are the reeepticles’!" said Thomas. On it are Interested in ﬁlmproducuon.saipt Writing. and actingto
see any trash cans in the entire area expect for inside‘ the Mark Rappaport at 462-1159.
lecture centers. v If they can raise enough money. Schoenberg says the club
uucmiun m the general untidinc“ m SUNYA when he around six films a semester. “We'd then show them on
photographed the podium on a severly littered day. He campus." he said. "and I think u lot of pcoplc would bc

Fortunately. not much field work is necessary atSUNYA. Director of Residents John Welly explained that two
up to $43 these days. So it looks like on-campus students l2:10 pm. and 1:10 pm. are now available on weekdays." he
turned on. Pittman belwcen 7:30 um. and “:30 a.m.. but no service

campus to Pittman Hall. It is possible that this may begin this

Acampaigntocombatthe problemoflitteratSUNYAhas examining the number of students riding each bus. and
campus center. lecture centers. athletic fields. and the   
the campaign. will attempt to change present attitudes.
campus is a junk heap.” One item brought to the as: their talents. The University Cinematography

On the other hand.,l’hysicsd Plant Director Chet Thomas Richﬂrd Schoenbcra. who is the guiding light behind the
recent visit to the lecture centers.Thomas saidthat he didn't join. lf you‘re interested and want more information, can

Tom Donnelly. who is on the Commission. brought Will be buying their own equipment and could produce
proceeded to make up postcards. inscribed. Greetings from. . interested in seeing them."

-- Donna Ferrara

-M..l. Memmott

 

 

PAGE TWO ALBANY STUDENT pangs '

atstudentshavebeenthrowing Association is holding an orgnnizntional meeting this _'

 

Lauryn news briefs l j)

Barnum 92- 19"“

Wildwood To Get Funds ‘

For the sixth straight year. monies raised by
SUNYA‘s annual telethon will be donated to the
Wildwood School for children with developmental
disabilities in Schenectady, according to Telethon '79
Co—Chair Michael Faber.

Faber said that the decision. which was endorsed by
an "overwhelming majority" of a 28 member search
committee. culminated months of reviewing the
applications of facilities from the Albany area.

"We sent out 25 applications to agencies listed in the
Four County Human Services Dt'rectory,"he said. “with
the only requirement being that the facility deal with
children of teen age or under who are emotionally.
physically, mentally or socially handicapped".

Although Faber refused to divulge the number of
agencies that returned completed applications. a
telethon worker said that four facilities responded.

-Steve Oster

Wm“le WI! I lily tor sun. free beer and music as
"I. podlum rocked to the tunes of the Cajun Blue Band
" 3' 0“ sponsored party. (Photo: Laura Vlscusl)

 

 

 

 

 

New SA Typesetter Installed

by Edith Berelson

Installation and a training session
took place yesterday for the machine
SA purchased last semester to ban-
dle typesetting work for SA-fundcd
publications.

According to last year‘s SA con~
troller. Mike Hetchkop. the $l3,000
Compugraphic machine was
purchased because. “the prices of
printing SA funded publications ran
into thousands of dollars each year.
The machine will probably more
than pay for itself by the end of this

year."

SA president, Paul Feldman said
“We‘re not expecting this to be a ma-
jor source of income. We basically
bought it to provide another service
for students."

Groups that will be most im-
mediater effected by the purchase
will be those publications that Feld-
man expected to be represented at
yesterday‘s training session on the
machine's use. Representatives from
Focus. Season Ticket. Getting-off.
U nity Press. La Vuz Del l’ucblo.and

Corning Defeats Ryan
In Bid For Party Chair

by Ellen Garvey

Democratic Party Chair hopeful
Charles Ryan surprised observers at
Monday night‘s Democrtktic I’urty
meeting by withdrawing from the
lace lor the clntuship. Ryan stepped
down at the last minute :tdntidst
thunderous applause and cries oh
“We \llllll Ryan" from the rear ofthc
hull.

Ryan's withdrawl cleared the way
lor Albme Mayor lirnstus Corning
II. to continue tist‘huir. Ryan was the
lirst person ever to challenge Cor-
ning for this po .ttion.

Stepping l.[) to the podium. Ryan
said “I ask that my name not be plac-
L'd bcforc llilx meeting as a candidate
Ior chairman.“

Ryan said he lclt his only chance
would have been with a secret ballot
\olc but he was knocked down in his
cllorts to secure is secret ballot vote
in New York State County. Accor-
ding to Ryan. without a secret ballot.
n vote for him could jcopurdilc tltc
itilts ol supportive committccmcn.

Corning asked. before the vote
hogan. ii there was any objection to
open ballot voting as determined by
the New York State law. Sonic com-1
motion was heard but no formal
protest was made.

Altcr Corning‘s reelection. Ryan _

said he tried to change the com-
tnillcc's bylaws to allow secret ballot
votmg which he felt to he more fair.
llc lclt the mayor had too Inuchcott‘
ll ol M or the commiltccmcn‘s jolts.

t‘oi mug denied that he would fire
anyone for voting against him. He
said that Ryan only wanted the
secret ballot vote for Committee
Chair. leaving the open ballot votc
lor all other positions. “That isn‘t
very fuir.“suid the mayor. According
to Corning. “Open ballot voting is
the democratic way".

Corning felt that even if there
would have been a secret ballot.
Ryan‘s chances were slim. Hcsaid. “I
don‘t think he‘d have gotten more
than ten percent of the vote."

As Vice Chair. Corning took over
the chuirship following the death of
Daniel P. O‘Connell in February
|‘)77. O‘Connell had been the long
standing party leader.

Ryan stated that he plans to con-
tinue working for the Democratic
‘l’nrly and isn‘t getting out ofpolitics.

He said. “It's it good time to work for -

the party“.

Harold .loycc was elected
treasurer to replace Ryan. The
meeting was held at the Polish Com-
mutiin Center with local police and
firefighters picketng Corning out-
side.

the SA Informer wereexpected to at-
tend the session.

According to Feldman. this train-
ing session was originally scheduled
for the 14th. but had to be postponed
because of a mix-up involving in-
stallation. The machine had been
delivered to the Contact Office in
July because the new SA offices had
not been completed. Feldman said
that they were under the impression
that the company would move the
machine before installation but later
found out they had to have it moved
themselves. thereby causingadelay.

According to Focus editor Gary
liiscnman. this delay caused
problems for the Focus staff in that
their first publication was due~to

come out yesterday. Their typeset-

ting and composition work for that
issue was done by the ASP. The ASP
handled l’ocus‘ Iypcscttingand com-
position work lttst ycnr.

Season Ticket will have the
"Jewish World" which tlid their
typcscttmg lost your handle "at least
some ol the typesetting“ for their
first issue. according to editor John
Moran.

T im Lcdwith. editor of Getting-
off. said the machine was “basically
allowing us it little more freedom.
financially speaking. There will be a
service charge for its use. but it will
be considerably less than what we
have been paying."

The editor of Unity Press. Ron
Simmons. said “the machine gives us
flexibility. We no longer have to de-
pend solely on the ASP."

The editor of La thl. Del l’uchlo

    

The sdllors at this SUNYA student publlcatlons learned to use SA's
new typesetter on Thursday.

could not be reached for comment.

l‘cldmnn said that after typeset-
ting lor the publicatith was settled.
SA planned lo expand their typeset-
ting to include resumes. signs. anti
posters for students. In regard to
prices they will charge. Feldman said
"i expect it to be less than outside

competitors. which includes the
.rtSl’."
.AlSl’ liditor-in-Chicf Thomas

Mnrtcllo said the SA competition
“will undoubtedly hurt our business.
[hey can pump as tnuch student
money ilS they want into it and un-
dcrscll us. whereas we‘re on a limited
budget.“

 

’ v  1w.» ,‘4 

(Photo: Steve ngro)

SA vice president Fred
lliuwington said that scheduling
arrangements for machine use will
take time to settle. “I anticipate a
rocky road in the lirst [our to six
weeks." he said. Brewiugton said a
services director will be appointed to
arrange scheduling and “make sure
two production nights won‘t be
scheduled for the same night."

Martcllo also commented on the
scheduling for machine use. “The
question is how fast they can get a
good schedule running for a lot of
publications. I think they'd be sur-
prised at how long it takes to put out
a publication." ‘

Committee Reviews Potter Club

by Mitchell Drach

A SUNYA committee is meeting
weekly to review the activities of
Potter Club. a fraternity-like
otgnni/ution. The committee‘s pur-
pose. according to l’otter Club
l’resudcnt Jeff Peters. is to adviscthc
club and help mold it into an
organization acceptable to SUNYA
Administration.

l’ottcr Club is now operating on a
temporary charter that Will expire in
l‘cbruary. Unless a new charter is ap-
proved. thc club will cease to exist.
said l’cters.

In addition to advising l’ottet
Club. the committee is also involved
in scrutiniling all aspects ofthe club.
“They want to extuniuc every aspect
of thcclub. which can be annoying at

Board Checks Psychology Experiments

by Wendy Greenfield

lluman research experiments
have resumed this year in SUNYA‘S
psychology department. with the
stipulation that all research projects
must be approved by SUNYA‘s In-
stitutional Review Board. according
to Psychology Department Chair
Gordon Gallup.

Lust septcmbcr, the State Health
Department charged the psychology

   
  
     

Psych Department Chalr Gor
resumed human research expo

summon 222 1978

department with the use of illegal
practices in the conduct of graduate
research in psychology.

The Health Department's charges
were threefold. Psychology was cited
for using illegal and dangerous
equipment. for neglecting to receive
written voluntary consent from sub-
jects. and for the illegal coersion of
Psychology l0] students to par-

‘ticipatc in experiments.

33h onitup sold that SUNYA has
rlments. (Photo: Steve Kuplberg)

ALBANY B‘i‘UDENT PRESS

According to Gallup. the first
charge. which said psychology
equipment used to administer elec~
tricnl shocks to students was faulty
and capable of causing death wasn't
substantiated in that there was no
way to determine whether or not the
machine was faulty during the actual
experiments. There was a time lapse
of about four months between the
experiments and the machine's in-

l troduction as evidence.

Gallup said that the main problem
‘ last year wasajurisdictionaldispute
between SUNYA and the State
. Health Department. The University
was operating within what they
thought federal guidelines were.
while the Health Department claim-
ed that they had violated state
regulations.

“The university's interpretation
was that only federally funded
research had to be approved by our
lnstitionni Review Hoard."he said."-
rhowever. all experiments we con-
ducted were reviewed...by the psy-
chology depurtment...in accordance
with the American Psychological
Association‘s regulations."

After the Health Department In-
vestigation. it was discovered that all
research had to be approved by
SUNYA's Institututional Review
Board. according to Gallup.

The board. which consists of l4
members. including faculty
members. students. and a minister.
is charged with reviewing each

research proposal to verify that it
conforms to federal and state
regulations.
Each proposal is reviewed com-
- plctely and scpcrtttcly. according to
Office for Research Grants Coorv
dinator Frank Lucarclli. and if the
slightest doubt is raised as to a par-
ticular cxperimenl's status. endorse-
ment is held up until further infor-
mation can be gathered and the
board satisfied.

“The board at SUNYA is
perhaps the most outstanding review
board of any university.“ said
I.ucart:lli. “We have u very dedicated
group of people on the board."

Part of the board's role is to work
with the investigator to improve the
experiment. according to graduate
board member Bill Hcdberg.
“Sometimes procedures have to be
modified.“ he said. “as federal
regulations state that the bonrd has
an educational mission to raise the
sensitivity of the students and make

them aware of what is going on...when
they participate....in experiment."

Gullup said that. at this time. prac
ticully all new experiments have been
approved. although some have re-
quircd revision after submission.

“This is not a bad thing that
happened," said LuCarclli. “We get
calls from other universities all over
the country asking us how to set up
their bourd...0ur members are ex-
pert."

  

times". said I’ctcrs. The committee is
closely observing the club‘s pledge
(membership) drive and is‘ in-
vestigating the grads-solhitter}!th
members and comparing thcmto the
grades of the members of other
ltulctmtics. he said.

llu: committee. headed by assis-
tunt Dunn of student affairs. Henry
Kll'L‘llllL‘r. is composed of members
ol l’ottur Club. Alumni Quad Coor-
dinator Lil Radko. and several
students. The recommendations of
the committee will more or less
decide the fate of the club. according
to l’clers.

Kirchner refused to comment on
all questions about Potter Club.
llowcvcr. Kirchner did say that he
would issue a statement about the
club after he discussed the matter
with his fcllowcommittec members.

Potter Club's current uncertain
situation is due to the questionable
behavior of some of its members
during previous years. Wild parties
and several alleged late night distur-
bances were blamed on Potter Club
members. Partly because of its past
exploits. the club was forced to
relocate from Colonial Quad to
Waterbury Hall on Alumni Quad
this year. Since the beginning oflast
fall. however. there have been no
major complaints about the club‘s
behavior.

HOWever. good behavior alone
will not be enough to save Potter
Club. “In order to get rechartered.
we‘re going to have to do some
positive things“. said Peters. Accor-
ding to him. the club members are -
determined to prove the club is deep-
ly committed to reestablishing its
tradition of community service.

After close consultation with the
UniversityCommittee. the club has
tentatively decided to sell raffle
tickets to help support the Albany
Association for the Blind. The club is
also considering renting a bar and
running a happy hour. the proceeds
of which would go to Telethon.

PAGE THREE

