 

 

lb

'~ ‘ W

 

Kennedy was shot to death in Dallas, HADfl‘rafficante
reported to include declaring anatlonalcmergencyunderthe, saying he expected Kennedy to be chi“. But. “messing {m
National Railway Labor Act togetthetrains movtngagatn.' for his me. New“ altered hi. interpretation of the
0' “kin! C099” m mm a“: min "WW" 9mm conversation on Wednesday and told one committee he no
tion. With Congress trying to take ﬁnal action on] longer imﬂpnu the tem uhitn to mean Kennedy was

Israel to Move From Sinai
.ii-:ausaLi-iss (AP) The no... parliament opened the way '1 legisla
peace treaty with Egypt by voting overwhelmingly early severa

yesterday toepdo _the‘Camp David Mideast accords and
rcmovetlié‘ Jewish ettlementsintheSInal Peninsula. 'me
tMinister Menacbem Begin, whose speech closed out more
than l7 hours of debate, said before the vote: "I call onthis-
chamber, without any difference in party, to unite. I don't
deny that there are dangers. I don't deny it's painful. Let us
accept." The vote was 84 in favor and I9 against, with l7I
abstentions came from Begin’s ruling Likud coalition, whose
right-wing nationalists ﬁrmly opposed disbanding the Sinai
settlements. In Washington, President Carter, who brought_
Begin and Egyptian President Anwar Sadat together to work
out the accords at a two-week summit at Camp David”
described the vote as a great step foward.

New Leader in South Aﬁica

CAPE TOWN, Stills Africa (AP) Pieter Willem Botha,
whose tough record as defense minister earned him the
nickname “Pete the Weapon," became South Africa‘s new
prime minister yesterday and vowed t 0 improve relations
betweenthc government and the nation‘s black mainrity. The
balding, 62-year-old successor to John Vorster emerged the
winner of a three-way battle within the ruling, Afrikaner-
dominated National Party in a closed door partycaucus. The
National Party has controlled the white minority govem-
ment since I948. Botha, the most senior member of the
Cabinet with [2 years as minister of defense, strode to the
front steps of the Parliarp‘ept bit|ildinsi atfterl hits elzction and

romised “law and orde ort ecoun ry. ut c‘lBut he. o
spaid one of his goals will be “to apply a positive policy to im- '   
prove the relations between the different population com-
munities. taking into account the inalienable right of self
determination of all peoples."

Rail—Strike Getting Serious

WASHINGTON (AP) The Carter administration readied

limpm'lambilll beforeimdjwminab°“"w°w°‘k" marked for murder. “I neVer made the statement that
Railway and Airline Clerk! and ‘hc N°ﬂ°lk 5‘ we'm" that." “Did you have any foreknowledge of the assassination
BPVQmmcm inlel'VentiOH- way." Trafﬁcante also testiﬁed that he never heard any
crime. Trafﬁpante's testimony came as the assassinations
yesterday some items will be‘trimmed from a bigtax-cut bill assassination in Dallas on Nov. 22, 1963. In this ﬁnal day or
whether the aid should be available only for a college 1
Secret Deal Stops Efforts
would allow. Even Senate sponsors of the tuition aid for
includes a full program of credits for lower-level schools. mediator to withdraw from efforts to settle the 5|.duy
biHHPPTOVCd bythe Finance Commiucer Th"! mnCUV" Win the Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service, said ofthe
settlement package between the striking pressmen, other
Post out of the pressmen negotiations in protest to Kliccl's
to murder Fidel Castro but knew of no conspiracy to Moffett's thinking said the federal mediator shared
assassinations committee that he never told anyone that the striking pressmen together in Washington, where they
plans yesterday to take emergency action to end a
widespread, three-day rail strike as union and industry Cuban exile, but said he did not tell Aleman that Kennedy settlement was hammered out, but the negotiators returned

some or Caner'l sci/eminent “Viki! We” “Elli”! 583.19“ Kennedy was going to pt hit," Trafﬁcantc testified. “I was
the legislative approach. Negotiators for the Brotherhood of waking in spank}, and in Spanish the" is no way ,0 My
Railway met with federal mediator James Jr Rel/WM“ ‘“ of President Kennedy/l" asked Rep. Louis Stokes, chairman
round-thc-clock bargainins 33 "WY “"3” w "m “"1"” of the committee. “Absolutely not,” Trafﬁcanteinsisted. “No
. mobster threaten to kill Kennedy, although there was anger
d udm'nistration crackdown '
Budget Funds More Projects “W “W Km" Y ' °“ “88mm
WASHINGTON (AP) The Senate Finance Committeesaid committee wrapped up its public inquiry into Kennedy‘s
if necessary to allow a tuition tax credit for college studentt. hearings. lhe nnmlinvestisatcd “Kori” ""1! ("SWING crime
The big issue in the ﬁght over tax relief for students is was involved in the Kennedy murder-
‘ education, as the Senate wants, or for all levels. including.
private elementary and secondary schools. as the House bill
elementary and secondary pupils cautioned House confcrces NEW YORK (AP) Word of a reported secret deal between a
there is no way the Senate will accept any compromise that group of unions and two newspapers prompted a top federal
Sponsors of the tuition credits will try on the Senate floor pressmcn's strike that has closed thrae major dailics hem u]
next Week to attach their provision to the omnibus tax—cut knew an about it,” Kenneth E, Moffett. deputy director of
be allcmPICd in an Em)" ‘0 8“ "IMO" CFCdilS “"0 13W. CVen report. “I had heard all about it." Moffett referred to reports
though President Caner oppOscs the concept. that labor lawyer Theodore Kheel was putting together ri
unions idled by the strike, and the New York Times and
Daily News. Rupert Murdoch, who pulled his New York
WASHINGTON (AP) Reputed Maﬁa boss Santo role in the talks, has said he believes sucha deal has already
Trufficante testiﬁed yesterday that hctook partinaCIApIot been worked out in broad detail. A source familiar with
assassinate John  Kennedy. Trafﬁcantc, described as a Murdoch‘s view and that Moffett “doesn‘t want any part of
former Mafia chief in Tampa, Fla., told the House it." On Monday, Moffett brought the three newspapers and
Kennedy would be “hit.” The gray-haired, 63-year-old werejoined by Kheel and observers sent by the other unions.
Trafficante recalleda I963 conversation withJosc Aleman,a Moffett had hoped to hold the parties in Washington until a
negotiators struggled to settle their dispute before a midday would not live to be re-elected. Alcman's version of that to New York and on Wednesday the Post walked out ofthe
government deadline. President Carter's options were, conversation, which took place about six months before talks. ‘

 

 

full-time teaching on this campus prior to rail I978.
Librarianship candidates must have a full-time
appointment as a professional librarian and have completed
one academic year at SUNYA prior to Fall I978.
Nominations for librarian and teaching excellence awards
szhould be forwarded to the Ofﬁce of Academic Affairs (AD
01).

n
rl

. Baird's appearance had been arranged by the Freeze Dried
Coffeehouse, according to Scott Birgc ofthe Campus Center
V Student Information Ofﬁce.

Sinall Claim

A center to help people with their dealings in small claims

-M..l. Memmott

r

‘ service must be ' of the
non-teaching and non-librarian staff for a minimum of one
year of continuous service prior to Sept. 1978. court Opened yes‘erday in downtown Albany‘

In addition. O‘Lemy has announced a new. fourth award The Small Claims Court Action Center, which is under the
to be bestowed upon two membﬂs of SUNYI“ civilscwice auspices of the New York Public Interest Research Group
staff for excellence. One award will be for a member ofthe ‘ .(NYRIRG) and the comm CMCO Hispano Americano’ Inc'
plan”maintenance/security sum. and the other will be is designed to help individuals ﬁle a claim, gather evidence
received by a Classiﬁed or civil service employee. and prepare a case - all free oi charge, according to Vista
, A $500 prize will be awarded to winners ofthe first three volumcers MiChae' Hi5“ and “mm Cuucn Who are
honors, while each winner ofthe last award will receichIOO. Coordinming the Voice" '

The deadline for nominations for all awards is Oct. l6. ,Sma“ Claims mu" may be used ‘0 Same any mommy
dispute of up to $1000 and the parties involved do not need
attorneys to appear in court.

'TWe found that in general in Albany, 80 percent of the
claims made are successful," said Hiser. however. according
to Cullen,collcction ofthescttlement is a problem 30 percent
:fnthel £11m. “Zine out of ten people don't know how to
H 0 cc, esrii .The center ‘ ' '”

lhosc of you in need ofri good deed for your transcripts "DUNE “meeting by providliriss tslﬁggil‘i‘igif tho 
or merit badges should mark Tuesday, October IO on your rcsourccs~ n Lg“

calendar.
From llhi.m. to 4pm., the American Red Cross Ahom ugh! SUNY-A smdems are working on the center
Bloodmobilc will be in the Campus Center Assembly Hall 3:328:1er cohmndjuillly schice program, inﬂddmon m on:
. . , , , - ‘ n rom l c o e ' I -
lt‘ﬁgfgiltcfﬂzgiéﬁltrésszﬂigégzsmd beihc "105t worthhiie The students were traigrfe‘dfiit'pﬁgsbyBEEEdgiht 
- prepared by Syracuse University Law School students on the
in s and oui‘s of small claims court. A bi-linual (Spanish-
Iznglish) paralegal will also be available at the center.

Although it officially opened yesterday, the center has
been domg business for about the past month to debug its
operations. Accordingto Hiscr most ofthe l20 cases handled
involved automobile. accidents rind landlord/tcnrini
tlispu'ljs. “We were successful in over 80 percent ofthe crises.“
ic sai .

Ibe center will be open Monday through Friday from
12:00 pm. to 5:00 p.m.. In addition to work at the center.
HISCI‘ and Cullen are involved in outreach programs It)
educate members mf the community.

— Steve Oster

Save a Life

 

«ﬂuff-

SUNYA Preeldont O'Loary announced that stall award
nomlnatlons are now open. (Photo: M.A. Hovak)

For Excellence... ’

If you've been meaning to give a member of the SUNYA
community it pat on the brick, you‘ll have your chance todo it
this year.

SUNYA President Vincent O'Leary has announced that
the annual Chancellor's Awards will honor persons
demonstrating excellence in the areas of teaching,
librarianship, and professional service. All members of the
university community are invited to participate in the
nomination process.

Nominees for excellence in teaching may be of any
academic rank and must have completed atleast two years of

— Steve Oster i

Podium Piper

A well known northenst minstrel appeared on the podium
last Thursday and drew a pretty good sized crowd to hear his
well travelled music.

Stephen Baird, a Boston-based singer and guitar player
who. has travelled much ofthe US. to practice his art ofstrcct
Singing, played in front of the campus center in the early
afternoon hours up until the time ofthe OCA outside party.

 

 

 

 

ﬂ

 --  Golf Stir named on Poor 

 

 

 

 

k:

 

 

 

 

—.Iill "llill‘r
V ‘ Lssmya news. brief  d
PAGE No i ' ‘ ALBANYﬁTUDENT Price's ‘
whim tr) \ MW “1 s V i HW‘MWWWF m ‘ f I ' ’ , I if:

 

 

 

 

by Jeff Kennell

Central Council members and SA
ofﬁcers say it luck of information
rind poor timing accounted fortheir
abrupt turn-around in deciding not
to fund SUNYA‘s varsity golftcam.

SA Presdicnt Puul Feldmiin‘s veto
of the golf team‘s budget request on
September 20 went unchallenged by
Central Council, which had passed
the request only it week before.

Feldmnn said that “after all
budgetary commitment, there were
$3,369 left over in the Athletic
Department‘s budget for 1977-78,
uccording to Feldman and Athletic
Director Bob Ford.

“There was a $5,000 savings line in
the budget last year," said Ford.
“They saved approximately $8,000,
creating $3,369 extra that could be
used for a multitude of things,"
addcd Feldman.

Feldman said that SA recieved
two proposals from groups wishing
to fund themselves from the budget
surplus, one from the golf team and
the other from the women's soccer

team.
Athletic Finance Committee
Chair Alan Toback and other

Central Council members said they
felt that the budget surplus was
ample to fund both the golfleam and
soccer tenms. AFC‘s problems were
compounded when Ford pisted a
$4,000 budget surplus, $631 over the
actual figure, according to Toback.
'l‘lie golftcum‘s proposed budget was
$906 and the soccer team‘s proposed
budget was $2,363, plus an uncertain
insurance cost, according to Central

Council member Rob Michaels. I
Both teams could be funded for
$3,269, leaving Whlll appeared to be
over $600 to pay for the women‘s
insurance. AFC passed the golf
budget on September 13, and
Central Council foiled suit.

Besides being misled by the in-
flated surplus estimate, AFC was un-
aware of the insurance price. “It was
not known at the time that the in-
surance cost would be $668, “ said
Michacls. "This ﬁgure was unex-
pected by Council." .

Ford, at the ﬁrst AFC meeting,
told AFC members he‘d report on
tiny unforseen expenses in the
women‘s soccer budget.

Feldman, who was against
reinstating the golf team, contacted
Ford, last year‘s SA President Dave
Gold, last year‘s controller Mike
Hetchop, and the Central Council
members who voted yes on the golf
budget. Feldman said he explained
his reasoning at this time.

“The golf decision was made in-
dependent of women's soccer,“ said
Fcldman, “We knew that we didn‘t
have the women‘s soccer insurance
figures yet, but I tried not to count
this into my decision. It just so
happeni . that this figure was much
higher than originally expected."
Feldmun added however that “Ifgolf
was approved, then soccer couldn't

n

O"
a

Fcldinan said that-the insurance
figures became known ri few days
after be contacted Ford and the
uihcrsribout his reasoning on the golf
team decision. ’ ‘

According to Central Council
members, the news of the high in-
suruiice cost was enough to quell
any impulses they might have had to
override Feldman‘s veto of the golf
team‘s funding.

“We received new information
after the veto," said Central Council
member Scott Lonsberry. "There
was no intimidationﬁjust‘ sound
reasoning."

"I didn‘t move to override because
the budget would have been in the
red,“ said Lonsberry. “I would have
moved for an override if not for the
tight budget,“ Lonsberry however_
added that “We could have
probably should have moved to
override“ but that it would have been
fruitless.

Michaels felt that had the in-
surance figure been known to AFC
members at their initial vote. “the
golf budget would never have gotten
out of committee." Toback said the
apparent abundance of funding was
the reason why he voted yes in the
AFC meeting of September I3. He
agreed that the golf request would
not have been granted, despite an
eloquent plea by golf coach Dick
Sauers, if exact insurance and sur-
plus figures were known atthe time.

SA Controller Debbie Ruskin,
mentioned that the Athletic Policy
and Planning Board, a special group
of faculty and students intended to
determine the role of athletics in
SUNYA‘s future, has not been fully
organized or implemented yet.

“The absence of this board puts

AFC in an awkward position,“ said

Roth-Abrams Debate At SUNYA

by Robert Blascnstcin

Attorney General candidates.
Democrat Robert Abrams and
Republican Michricl Roth will meet
in the first of a series of statewide
dcbritcs on the SUNYAcampus next
week.

The debate, sponsored by the
Gruduiite School of Public Affairs
and Speaker‘s Forum will take place
in the Campus Center Ballroom on
Thurs, Oct. 5 at 7:30 pm.

Abrams, Bronx Borough Presi-
dent for the plISi eight years. recently
won his Democratic primary over
.liidgc Dolores Dcnmun of Buffalo.
Roth, bend of the NYS Liquor
Authority for the past four years, rrin
unopposed in the Republican

The Ramada Inn was‘damaged by a llro early Thursday morning, but

primary.

The post of attorney general wris
opened to both parties when incum-
b’ent Louis chkowitz decided not to
run for reelection. chkowitz hiid
held the post of attorney general for
2| years.

A recent Newsday poll showed
that Abrams is leading Roth 61 per-
cent to 25 percent, with 14 percent
undecided.

In the SUNYA debate, each can-
dldritc will have ﬁve munutcs to
make it statement followed byri three
minute rebuttal, and four minutes
for cross-examination. Then the
floor will be open fr questions and
answers. The moderator for the

I debate will be Richard I. Nunez, iin

 

motel guests suffered no sorlous Injuries. (Photo: Mlko Farrell)

attorney and ii professor of public
administration;

The debate was planned by
Speaker's Forum member Gil
Ahruhumson who felt “both cun~
didatcs were oriented towards ii con-
frontiition." He said the university
was a good sight to he the dcbiite in
that it has the proper facilities and is
generally considered neutral
territory.

at

Golf coach chk Sauors said SUNVA'I top golfer ls consldoring

  

J

 

'tranalorrlng because the team's budget wasput. (Photo: Steve ngro)

' Ruskin, last year's AFC Chair. AFC

had a greater responsibility than it
should have had in deciding the fate
of the golf team, she said.

"I was the only Council member
approached by members of the golf
learn," said Michncls, in response to
Central Council‘s failure tomove for
an override of Fcldmun‘s veto.

Michuels added that an override
only tnkcs a simple majority vote
and is not ii “major thing on it
monetary issue."

Fcldmrin suid that the entire affair
points “to one thing: the golf rind
women‘s soccer teams shouldn't
hiivc gone to AFC in the first
meeting of the year. Not all the fuels
wcrc rivuilriblc at the time rind the
committee is still inexperienced."

“Ilicy [golf team] had to put
something together in order to be
reinstated," said Fcldmrin.

I-‘ord expressed regret that the
men who came to SUNYA primarily
Im' the golf team may hrivc to
transfer. He drew comparisons Wllil

the nursing programwhich is going
through a phasing out, so that the
last freshmen who came for nursing

niriy finiin their studies at SUN YA.

"The problem with golf has gone
on for two or three years, and when
budgeting was tight last year, golf
was cut," suid Fcldman. "Golfdidn‘t
sccni feasible to fund based on the
iimount of student interest in the
team."

“The decision not to fund golf
doesn‘t merin an end to new sports,"
lic tlddcd. "I‘ll trike the heat if we
decide to fund women's soccer and
not golf. The women's soccer team
will help further our goals toward Ti-
tlc Nine. rind also provides for
greater student involvement." '

While Siiucrs says he is still look—
ing for other avenues to fund the golf
ieriiii, Ford has completely ruled out
iippcrils to golftcum alumni, because
he suspects that the precedent might
induce Central Council to cut the
funding of other teams, hoping that
iilunuii will lltkc over their funding.

Ramada Fire Called Suspicious

A fire which swept throuin the sc-

cond floor ofthe Ramada Innricross

. from SUNYA on Western Avenue
early yesterday morning is under in-
vestigation and is termed
"suspicious".

'I‘he Arson Investigating Unit of
Guildcrland and the State Police
have termed the fire “ofu suspicious
nature“.

According to reports from the
Guilderland Fire Department, the
fire broke out at 1:22 am, iind the
first call was received at Iz39 u.m.
‘lhc call was answered by the fire
departments of Weslmerc,
McKownviIlc rind Guildcrland.

Fivc Quad, the ambulance unit of
SUNYA, was also on the scene. Ac-
cording to Five Quad Crew Chief
Duve Chafety, who was on duty that
night, the ambulance was returning
from it call and happened to be in the
area.

“We heard the engines and went to
see if we could assist in any way. We
LISde the fire department if they
wanted us to stand by, which they
did," said Chufcty. Fivc Quad
remained on the scene for 20 minutes
before being relieved by the Western
Turnpike Ambulance Corps.

Witnesses on the scene said a man
was helped down on ii ladder by
firemen from his second story win-

 

 

WER 29, 1978“

 

dow. He was treated by Five Quad
I Alfﬁxﬁ? ETUUENT FEB?

for minor cuts and smoke inliiilii-
tioii, according to Chnfcty.

A spokesperson for the Rriinudri
illll sriid thiit llicrc were no major iii-
jurics and that the guests from till 189
rooms have been evacuated. There is
no cstimritc yet on the damage
sustiiincd to the five story building or
the adjoining restaurant and bar.

SUNYA strident Sally I’inzow, ii
sophomore, was on the scene, and
said "We crime out of Dunkin
Donuts rind smelled smoke. In the
buck of the Ramada Inn there was
thick black smoke coming out ofthe
second story windows and flames in
the stairway.“

Robert Blaseristein

SA Polls Students on .
Plus-Minus Grading

by Steve Oster

SUNYA students huvo indicated “W

in an SA sponsored poll that they are
undecided on the issue of plus-minus
grading, according to SA Academic
Affairs Committee Chair Mikc
chy.

The poll, administered Wednes-
driy evening on till quad cafeteria
dinner lines, asked students their
positions on a grading system utiliz-
ing pluses rind minuses to make fincr
distinctions in grading. The present
system utilizes only the symbols A,
I], C, D, and E.

According to Levy, students were
given two questions to answer. The
first asked preference among it plus-
minus system, a plus system and the
present system. The other question
requested students to choose
between the present method and a

plus—minus system, assuming that

Plus wasn't

only option
available.
Levy said that the results,

although not yet fully tabulated,
show students to be polarized on the
issue.

“They were 50-50 on whether or
not to have plus-minus." he said,
“rind the ones who did pritfcr it [plus-
minus] were split between one variu~
lion and the other.“

Levy explained that SA‘decided to
conduct the poll because they
“decided there were enough people
risking us aboui'it . . .ii was like the
‘W‘ policy last year. Ever since its
success, we‘ve had the foot in the
door to academic changes."

of the results, Levy said that,
while SA certainlycouldn't draw any

FWE

 

 

 

 

 

