 
 

 

allege of

 

4 I _ngtheNatioml Camseof'
0 American Speed Reading.

“ Academy.

458-76”

orDrJﬂordHanor-icrtm-m (omen—pm)

 

 

 

FIDAY s. iATURDAY
It

IyMAII LIALTHAZARD
rgnmtsabout Beacon Man
ad rbe'radical feminist ad”
in the ASPrrere the primary
emrersanon’ in the Campus
Center Ballroom last Friday

mam. prior to the performance of the

mostly women, who were (if
3mm pas-din: the expression). "psyched'
for risis shown. They were not
' . ‘ . i
limo ram phy‘mgaSousa march on
air: 3.1mm eel-2:: from opposite sides of
site back. (kl:  up on stage,
with”:   marshes an audience
mics and ask-:5 a comfortable seat to
admin in: about. “$1 results is a fairly
 gimp..- o.‘  — gtting the
seam:  so com-e up on stage ~—
iiut mail:  and interesting by the use
ed in:  and the energy and
Wm». H 1h: performers. The high
gunmccﬁiepmbeingtheabsurd

  If  I 4" _’  i,astd..$piders
Mischief:an Mime '

 

Aesop's Fables, but had trouble dealing
with the morals of the stories. So they
made up one of their own, called “The
Plump‘ Hen and the Scrawny Hen",
played by Barbara and Anne.
respectively. The scrawny hen wishes she
had meaty legs and fuller breasts like the

you’ve got."

This same theme is det cloped in d series
of four, related pieces. done at lnlt‘llals
throughout the show. “Coping” and fitill
Coping" consists of an Uh‘.lt\l.\ly
troubled women. Barbara. entt-zzhg a
bathroom and taking some pllls.
“Wonder Woman” is a fantasy xeoaieiice
where Barbara is lassoed by \Mmder
Woman before she can take the pllix. A
lot of showing-off muscles and ltiping
around by Anne made for a lunn) xii-tie.
ending with “who was that woman  lh:
ﬁnal scene is “Take Heart." uhcr: \nne
sees to it that Barbara dumps tim- pills
down the sink. They embrace and lttllt’il

 

 

ly LINDAALAING FUGAZZT
' ‘ ne ’of the most splendid,
sensuous Soft-Art shows ever
has got to be English artist
' Polly Hope's “Stuffed
Pictures" which opened

Sunday at the SUNYA Art Gallery.
New York Times critic John Russell
called her an "able-bodies she-pirate"
who raids other periods and civilizations.

oppression, murder, sex. religion, and
social mores. One looks and looks and
looks again at these “Stuffed Pictures" —
seeing each titne new dimensions, new
figures, patterns. baubles. and designs.

For Polly Hope manages to combine
traditional women's materials and
techniques to produce works which are
more than quilts or tapestries, but instead
low-relief hanging cloth-sculptures in

sumptous fabrics and dazzling colors.
These artistic creations combine the
textual, tactile sensations of fabric with
precious metals, crystal, pearls, lace,
beads, sequins. plastics, glitter, buttons,
bone. pom-poms. ribbons, and even coins
—— to produce an of exquisite (if
sometimes gaudy) beauty. Many manage
to convey a simultaneous sense of the
comic and tragic aspects of life. Linda‘s

 

sky throbbing with neon lights which
loudly proclaim the wares of the city's
red-light district. Hot, fast food and hot.
fast sex, the U and I Bar. a sauna and
massage parlor seethe their sleazy
messages in hot orange, red, and green.

Yet one lingers and notices that Linda
is engaged in her craft at the moment,
because her black lace bra and matching
bikini panties lie amid bottles of perf ume,
powder, lipsticks. cheap rings and

 

 Hope‘s  

' nec‘klaces.*A pair‘of tacky‘igiold'plstform, _ I
shoes are there, too, the kind'of shoes I  V' '

child would choose in hopes of looking

older. And childishly, Linda has tirid her i ,

mismatched curtains‘to their rods ,with-
pink baby ribbons. These produce a
poignant sadness in this viewer — a tragic
prisoner of her trade.

But there are many other dimensions to
Polly Hope's works. In some of the most

who is a Christain Greek heroine
drowned on orders of the Ali Pash in the
days before Greek Independence. In this
work. entitled The Drowning of Kyria
Frosine, the young woman is roughly
seized by a cold-eyes, green-faced
executioner. Her open mouth bowls for
mercy, her black velvet tresses wave in
terror, while the evil Pasha watches
impassively from a nearby boat. In
helpless pity the viewar watch. This
tragic event is portrayed by the skillful
placement of pattern and color. The effect
is strangely moving.

One of the lighter. and most pleasing
works, is Dutch Flaiirerpi'ece. Patterned

     

my.   

‘ “Wran'lyinr-‘Ieeond-ritsmen.‘3tﬂ_e‘
said,- »“biit. only ‘a‘ nnimgwom  '
really goodartists.’ ' . '_ ‘I 
‘ Hope"consid'ers her art-to be. “a
combination of fun and-icriousnerr.”and

_ seeks to capture an element of the comic

which so often underliesjgreat, trendy
in life. . - ‘ " ' ’

Ch ‘“ W Mame- Afterwards. there was strutting, conceited, plump hen. But the for Subject matter only to produce Window, for example. is at ﬁrst glance a interesting, she hastappcd history. The ‘ u . _ _ I I .. , . ._ I _
g  m only agreement that a _ wonderful plump hen gets snatched up to be eaten, flnl?lllgeﬁt :emVenllOffs- Aﬂd her garish, fun piece of commentary—avicw Greek and Byzantine cultures combine 2.“?! It unacl'l’ﬂed In an." lh: continued.
,i w  mes-1mm: had been experienced. and the moral is: “Amid boasting or and "mentions .— are mﬂSSlVe. marVelOUS from a hooker‘s window. Billowing lace with her sense of drama to capture the It 9 fun. but youhaVe ‘0 knot" 
 I ‘  May In}: W was packed with over 250 up roasting.“ or “Be satisﬁed iiith what commenlanes 0“ MC» history, and organdy curtains frame a night-dark anguish of the young girl. Kyria Frosinc, H0”. though, born Ind filled In

England, has‘trsveledthroughout Europe
and the continent. She resides, at present,
on the Greek Isle of Rhores withlher
husband and child,where she has a
working studio and employs two female
assistants and one male. They help with
the tedious sewing her art requires,
although she does all the cutting and
fabric selection. Sewing machines are
used extensively. although all the quilting
is done by hand.

A single criticism of her work might be
the poor quality of craftsmanship
apparent upon close inspection. Many of
the works are sloppy and unevenly
stitched. Yet I wonder if they would still

/‘_-'.s_,;s;‘w w w..¢a.--.:;.«— ‘

 

. I. . . . A

‘1 ‘ m 5'5 miss ‘4‘ 111: “1005- poem. the important part being "\\ v; are upon a l7th Century Dutch painting, it is retain their campy, comic qualities if
E I. 5‘, was-   “43': C4» '1‘ ‘2‘? COIlabOFaliVC real people . . . I am not at mid li' w wen ajoyful cascade of rich, riotous color. The meticulous attention hadbecn paid to the
I 1-" Wk '6' I- . % hm “mt 3" Skim—'3 53xst and Anne by you." variety of shapes and material deﬁes stitching itself.
3‘" a‘u 3" “3 Rhodes. T115133 am.  not only as This ended the show on" vh- description, but includes silks, satins, Polly Hope‘s venture into Soft Art is
i: 7 -~ - mne- m‘m: 3““ 35° ’ifeﬂfmiﬁlion .8nd audience‘s cheers and applause  ' l'i‘t'l': ribbons. beads. bangles, sequins, coins, relatively recent and all of the pieces on
 gm“ -5. Faniiimnessfgnms 1*: traditional (mime was so much more than 1'... iiiicnﬂﬂéni; plastics. velvets, furs, and laces — in display in this exhibit have been done in
:1 Au '1  walking in phase l. was m'radica‘l (“A "Ten Appropriate Ways [0 it‘ ..n a short, almost anything one canimagine is the lasthﬁv: year: This frrli‘ul'tixll‘eonvt;
. um Wm m Perms Pisa. 'lemg or '.-\ Uterus Stranger.“ “Eigh. Common it... -~ ,nd there, and an worg together to “gate a wagnan as lIrena ri tlrlro o r. ‘ d i
.  tan and {immersing "a Tampon'i, to form impression of a small intestine. ind .i giant ll:lowl Oi‘cngISklle ﬂowiers against a sagulggrcenp ys, as we as a pain er an .,
eep- ue. sa in ac groun . .

in“

stirrmthmg truly unique. rewritten Little Miss Mutfett in an a she

 

 

 

,..:c<.

unit this experience of a weekend
workshop. They soon started giving
workshops to much others Whirl they had
learned The} still continue to use this
method of matching. which the} feel

Fromm-gums W- tuoawomen »-
‘negan teaching chanteuse;  with ~

stands up for herself and scare~ .i\\.t- th‘
muscle bound. nurcisticspider.
All this is but one of their in.
programs. They are coin: ,
developing new material to add 1.. heir
repertoire. And ﬁnally. after tour
the two are beginning in gain en.-

   
 
  

UPS/EIKZA MAKUS

 

    

 

 

, . Polly Hope is a tall, slender woman
with blond corkscrew curls and a strong,
animated face. I spoke to her about her
work as a female and an artist who works
in traditionally feminine materials. She
said she feels that as a woman she did
bring to her art a superior knowledge of

1 She islrapidly gaining an international

"reputation and has recently shown her

works "in Paris, Athens, London,
Lausanne, Lisbon, and New York. Her
glorious, galudy. grand, and garish
creations will remain in the SUNYA
Gallery through April 2.

"prostates a means to deepen body
awamtess and treat. mm: ELpfi‘SSlH?
movement.‘

Both find high school students almost
impossible Ill wort. wrzh because the} are
: st. szl‘i-cutixciiiui and lullli’lﬂbd. Children
' are their iuvtim} because of their
excitement and Elttzli creamed}. unspoiled
n} mg: UIIC hilL‘l

1: Liz-striptinr; .

 

reputation that people are calm _
instead of the other way around
just returned from California. 2 ‘
marks their ﬁrst real break lrnti‘. 1:: u.
coast circuit. I hope that the} cur
make it. because the) ham- wen, ‘.. _
special to share with e\cr_\nn-:

Finally, the Feminist .-\lli.:t:.c ~ I“ be
commended for booking one u:  “N
acts I‘ic seen here this year

mug ..

Aztec Two Step
Seemed Born Again

 

 
 

.\ .. a a...

  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
  

' Em Emmy?“ 5* I"! By DENNIS SCHEYER room door. Rex had to let them out!"

 
 

 

i   t . 'ii wnu toot. place on . .
. ‘u unsaieztxm ‘ Mutant $114153“ 3m} g: 5 an mac" " xtisch‘ ~ \ s ‘ i a  us ast Sunda ni ht, Union Two Steps performanceofmanyofthe
. "5!” V _  icf .ilmL L. ..c y g _
Ii : v IXEJLB‘. ’Wliu'. it was 7:1;11} the. Sr- l'n: "esp "Amazement Guaranteed." ' on College, which was the songs from their latest album seemed to
5 .  E 1‘“ ’- mmlmm Friday night then; we no om J... :-_. ‘ i: .l location ofa fine concert with please the audience. As a matter of fact, 
 " 71*" TWI‘ ml»! Ln 2""- azeztexi to use refund. McCoy Tyner about a month thct seemed to be familiar with them. 3
(In Gun: is New: : W. ago, did it again. They booked “You and l“ was the proverbial love song,

with a happy ending to boot. Next came
“John Gary.“ the story ofa Indian which
featured lyrics that compelled the
audience to listen. “Born Again" had a
Hall and Oatish sound; commercial, as
was most of the new material.

Aztec Two Step who, with a new image
and a new album, turned out to he a real
crowd pleaser.

After four years of moderate success as
it duo, Rex Fowler and Neal Schulman
realized it was time for a musical change.
lhcir first two albums were totally Then it was nostalgia time, with Fowler
acoustic and met with limited success. and Achulman performingfacoritesfrom
For the third album, they added a back- their ﬁrst two albums without the help of
up band, and a new sound which the new band. “Cockroach Cacophony“
according to most of their fans was a received a vibrant treatment. “Baskin”
disappointment. The latest was obviously an audience favorite as

Fitz} manuals Jammy Mrmm i
A at Drill! PM. Enter on: no. 3
cm View Gamﬁmm.  .
 will hit  as. e Tandem. i
wrung 12o pix} Artur: iia‘eb hauler

cm our  wich «mm. Tune-2min .
group): will renew: r. 5:: Sitar. ;
fence-Illa My Alan is True’ .til‘rium

Thoma-relishegmcsw‘sawwa i
ha Jami Dikagmmuﬂnacm?
swam Ema} imam Miriam: m i»
Justus-Sung. Ne glut-mes: 
 Corpsman mutt: it: “
prelim as out. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

    

Rex Fowler and Nut Schism-n at Aztec Two Step (above) showed thelr

 

 

 

 

211 Central Ave.

Ahany
’434-0085

———-——-—_

 

 

 

 

 

P

;

J
.6 “(A MKvi

MARCH 3. 1979

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

album, Adjoining Suites, features a new
band and a much more viable sound. It is
slick and successfully borders on rock and
roll. This is what was heard last Sunday
night at the Union College Memorial
Chapel.

This transition was immediately
apparent with their opening song, “Goin
on Saturday." Complete with electric
guitar, electric bass and synthesizer, the
song was more of a rocker than the
original. The style was continued in “Give
It Away." Schulman told the audience,
"It's not easy being a rock star, with

 

   
   

Uiftecn women knocking at our dressing

MARCH 3, 1978

they clapped and sang along with every
word.

“Humpty Dumpty," a satirical
comment on life in New York. features
lyrics that relate Cinderella and the
Prince to a bar room pick up. The story
caught the audience‘s emotions.

The band reappeared to join him in
singing “I Wonder If We Tried," which is
deﬁnitely hit single material. A highlight
of the show was a take-off on the Floater's
“Float 0n“ featuring Rex in a black
fedora singing such sensuous lyrics as
“ Hi, my name is Larry, and I love all the
women of the world!“ They then scgucd

musical prowess last Sunday at Mon College. (photo by Dennis Scheyer)

into “All Night Long, a bluesy number
featuring a “thirtyish” piano solo by
Gordon Cohen.

Following another song Aztec Two
Step left the stage, but the audience was
not yet ready to leave. The ﬁrst
encore,“The Persecution and Restoration
of Dean Moriarity (0n the Road),”
brought them to their feet. Their singing
almost overode the band.

The second encore “Looking Through
the Looking Glass." was a rocking Eagles'
“Already Gone” sound-alike. Enthusiasm

ALBANY INDINT PM“

 

reigned, but the audience's cries for a
third encore were left unanswered.

The new band featuring David Sleight
on electric guitar. Mike Finkelstein on
drums. David Gross on bass, and Gordon
Cohen on, keyboards. is a successful
addition to an already talented duo.

Aztec Two Step has been through
many changes over the years; their
present form combiner their old sound
with a new one, which hasn’t tori it’s
unique musical ﬂavor. The synthesis of
the two spells sure success.

PAGE 3A

 

 

 

