Stickmen: Two Different Seasons

by Eddie Emerman

’l‘wo seasons iii one. ’l'hat‘s the
description of the Albany State var-
sity lacrosse team‘s year.

Settstin number one the team will
not want to remember. It started on
April 1. I978 and lasted until April
l9. In that stretch. the Danes lost l'ive

Season number two ended last 'l'ues-
day, with Albany beating Colgate
13-8 for their fourth-straight win.

Albany coach Mike Motta had.

heeri saying all along that with tiitie.
the teani would improve. He was
right. 'l'he team's lack ol'expericrice
simply faded away and they played

straight games. including a 28-1) like they were together for years.

whipping by Cortland. 'l‘here were two stories in
But season number two was a 'luesday's game. First istlie win. Se-

totalry different story. The stickmen corid is Dan (ioggin.

totally reversed themselves. winning (ioggin. a senior. has played on

live of the remaining seven games. the team three years (he sat out his

rTrack Mum-tag Don Dress
Leaves ﬁbr Architecture-

 

by Fred Stern

Don Dross. who this spring set a record for the most points in ii season for
the Albany State truck and field learn. will be leaving here in favor of llall
State in Indiana next semester.

Dross. who lives in Waterford. 16 miles North of Albany. came to Albany
State two years ago unsure about his academic major. Athletieally. he has
been the mainstay of the Danes‘ track and field team.

But. the versatile 44f) intermediate hurdle runner. who regularly coritpctes
in the longjump. has now decided upon architecture as his major. it degree
that this school does not otter. This forces Coach Bob Munsey‘s squad to give
up the man most responsible for the team‘s IO-l season.

Albany State's Division lll schedule does not offer the level of competition
that Dross is capable ol’competing against. "In qtiite a few meets. l‘ll win by
as itiiicli as one or two seconds." said Dross. “I could‘ve been a little bit better
of a performer. bill in riiy nice there isn‘t much touin competition around

here."

ol fun.“

 

lhc meet winners in [tall State‘s competition. on the average. Iinish about
two seconds luster than the times Dross wins with here. The lillrtllct' is
looking lorward to the challenge. bttt says. "la a cottple of ways, l‘msorry to
be leaving here. I Itavea lot ol Iricuds on and oil the tcam.aud thctcam‘s a lot

Munscy is going to miss Dross. although he has two incoming freshmen
that can run his event. liut it's the quality of the performer that‘sitnportiint.
"He‘s one in a hundred." said Mtiusey.

 

 

sophomore year). Each year, he has
either broken or tied the single
season mark for goals scored. This
year is no exception. (ioggin scored
seven times against Colgate giving
him 33 on the year. That broke the
record of 27 goals set during his
lrcsltman season and equalled last
year.

“He is just an unbelicvcahlc
player." said Motta.

Against Colgate. the Danes
wasted no time. ’l'hey took an early
H) lead with only four rninirtes
elapsed. llut Colgate managed to
close the gap to a single goal by the
end of the period.

'l he second period was typical ot
the play the Danes played during
their first season. Colgate scored
four goals to only one by Albany and
grabbed a 6-4 halftime lead. "I )el'en—
sively. we didn't do a good job." said
Motta. "They (Colgate) kept pum-
ping the goals in."

Colgate widened the lead quickly
in the third period to 7-4 before the
Danes started their comeback. With
40 seconds Iclt in the period, l'om
(Era/lose took a pass from (ioggin to
bring the Danes to within K-7.

l‘he fourth period belonged to
Albany and Mollicr Nature. (ioggin
tied the garlic iit K-li and then Mother
Nature took over. l'lic teams were
torced Irom the ticltl lor‘ 25 minutes
as thunderstorms ripped through the
sky.

Colgate rntlst have been shocked
by the storms because they Iclt their
play in the lockcrroom. lhc Danes
held them scoreless the rest of the
way while scoring six goals
themselves.

(iary Miller had another outstan-
ding day in the Albany net. llc
wound tip with 20 saves. and many

Split Gives Netmen 9-3 Record

by David Spiro

finding their spring scasort this
neck against Middlehury and West
Point. the Albany State varsity tcn-
ms team came away splitting a pair
ol 6-] decisions. On Monday. the
Dartcs won at home against
Middlehury. while 'I ucsday's match

rcsttlted in it loss on the road against
West Point. llic two matches
brought the Danes" 'linal spring
record to 9-3.

“I was rclativcly satislied with the
last two matches." said Albany
coach llob Lewis. "We‘re dclinitcl)
getting more competitive against

Rick Porter Named
Most Valuable Wrestler

by Ken Kurtz
lhc Albany State wrestling tcarii
held an awards ceremony this past
litesday night. and Rick l’orlcr.this
year‘s captain. picked up the Most
Valuable Wrestler Award.

l’orter was l2-l-l in dual meets
dttriiig the regular season and took
Iotirtli place in tthUN YAC (‘hani-
pronships at [58. llealsorcachcd the
quarterfinals ol the NCAA Westling
(.‘luimpronships. falling one match
short ol All-American recognition.
l’orter recorded the tcani‘squiek pin
ol the year over l’ctta ol R P] in [205.
l’orter will be a co>captain til next
year‘s squad along with Paul Horri-
bach. a transler from Indiana. Ilorii-
bach won the AAU (ircco-Roman

New York State Championship.
Last weekend. llornbaclt went to
the AAU (ireco-Roman National
lourninncni. teaturlng the best

wrestlers in the country, mclttding
()lympic veterans. He took ciglitlt in
the natlort. a remarkable achieve-
riicrrl lor a Ireshman.

Marty Motrin ll2ti) took the
" l igcr lail Award" lor the greatest
lortiiude in practice and matches,
l he Most lmprovcd Wrestler Award
was shared by Mark Dailey (I14)
aritl Steve lucker (l l8).asixtli-placc
lmishcr in the State l'ournamerit.

Ulsnpolntirig Record

"We had a disappointing 5-9
record this year. which I lcel wttstlrie
to lack ol depth. We‘ve only Itistlwo
seniors tograduatioti. l’ete l’elkovrc
HS“) and Chris Covas (I77). and we
had a tremendous improvement at
the season‘s end. going lroiri six
points gathered in lltc SUNYAC
Championships to 1‘) points
gathered in the States." said Albany
(ioaclt .loe (iarcia.

Di\ision l teams." lire Dancslinish-
ed the season with a 1-2 record
against ('olgate. \"erniont.
Midtllebury and West l’ornt. the
four Division I teams on their
schedule.

Lewis said that although West
Point was "much better than Its last
year”. they were "just a little better
than us this year." He added that
lucsday's match was "very colit-
petitivc.“

'l'op Singles

Number-one singles lor Albany.
l’aul l‘cldman. lost his match to Dan
Hammond 7-(i.(i-2. while number-
two Larry Linctt defeated Rusty
Strttblc (ole-3. l'hird singles l’hil
Ackcrman lost to Kevin Williamsti»
3.6-4 and number-four Mike l‘crtig
was beaten by Mark (‘onroc (i-lUi-J.
l‘ilth singles (iary Block dclciitetl
l‘red Wright (i-Z,(i—3. while number-
sis letl Kut/in lost to .lell lodd in
identical 6-2 sets.

In doubles. Liriett iitid lllock lost
to llariitiioiid and Strtiblc o~l.7~5.
while l'cldman and l‘ertig were
dclcatcd by Williamsand Al Nelwin
7-5.7-tt. Ackerman and Kut/rn
dclcatctl lodd and llitey liirdwcll 7-
(r.,l—(i, (o4 inthelirialdoublcsniatch.

“llicy had a good team." said
Lewis. "I thought we did as well as
could he expected.“

In Monday's match with
Midtllebury. it was the Danes‘
doubles teams that provided the vic-
tory. Alter splitting the six singles
riiatclres. Albany won all three
doubles matches to triumph.

Players scramble for the ball in a recent Albany lacrosse game. Danes
llnlshed up season winning their last four games alter a slow start.

of them came on breaaways.

Rich llcimerlc and Mike Slocutn
ciicli scored twice for Albany. ls
coach Motta disappointed with the
5-7 season? “No. i am proud ofthese
guys. lhey could have rolled over

when we were l—7. but they didn‘t.
said Motta. "II we started gelling a
little earlier. we would have wound

tip with a winning season."

And maybe the Danes would have
only had one season this year.

 

 

Wlﬂfﬂﬁg WBBillBIIJDE

by Rich Seligson

Zheﬁnal Wbrd:

 

Ezthusiasm

It was only a week ago when a hopeful tradition began at SUN) A
Human Awareness Day. Students, tacirliy and administrators surrounded
the podium to see the fountains turned on l'or the llt'st time since lall.

Despite the tlircal ol rain. there was a large turnout. l'or the lirst ti riiciii ll
long while. there was some enthusiasm here; people were together and
cheering something on. llte l’cp llantl was also prescrit,addingmtlsrcand
more energy to the occasion

 

 

Why should this be lit a sports column, you mttst be thinking by now It‘s a
simple explanation tltcl'c‘s \Irtually no University spirit here. except Ior
academics. lherc is more to SUN\ A than academics. for instance. athletics.

We have a very successlttl intramural program. llttt there‘s little
enthusiasm lor tritcicollcgiatc athletics. something \iliich cart create a
positive atmosphere at school.

l’cn lans constitute a big crowd at a base-ball game her c. .ll) is trcnicntlous lor
a lacrosse game. And it‘s a rarity whenllie gym is tilled with noisy basketball
lans or when the football team is supported by the large stereotyped college
crowd of loud enthusiasts.

I here are high schools which dr awa better attendance for all t best: events.
And they don‘t have l5,t)l)ll people enrolled. Although we aren't a Divsioul
sports school. that shouldn‘t strip interest in ottr intercollegiate program.

Why. you might ask. llccause there are talented athletes here. Teams are
well-coached. and all involved are dedicated Aside from lacing Division III
competition. we play Division I and II schools that spice up our schedule.

()ur varsity teams are not the lanipa llay Buccaneers of college sports.

Last year. ottr haskctlnilltcani won the SUNYAC‘s and hosted the Eastern
Regiorials of the NCAA Division III tournament. losing in the regional
lilittls. lltls season we weren't invited to the NCAA‘s(questionable. it was).
bttt we defeated llaniiltort. the second-ranked Division lll team in the
country. twice. Not to forget that Dick Saucrs' squads have had a winning
rccortl for 23 consecutive scrisoris. Marco/ill.

lhc football team, coached by Athletic Director llnb liord. has had schu
wrnning seasons In Its eight—year history. lltis fall, we were one game away
lrom possibly becoming National Champions. Sllt.‘t‘t'.§'.\_'/ll/.

the list goes on. lhe soccer. baseball. tennis. swinning, track. volleyball
and cross cottntry squads have had winning records this year. The wrestling
and lacrosse teams hoth finished up strongly. lhe satiie can he said for the
women's sports teams. Sim-t j i! .

l‘ans add so nittch to a team's performance. You make the athletes push
harder to succeed when people are rooting tlierii on to do so. It's the extra
inspiration which will ruake a close Albatiy State home game a Danes‘
victory.

It might appear to be late to write about enthusiasm now. as all tlicspring
squads finish off their seasons. llut hopefully. like lliiriiari Awareness Day.
increased interest in Albany State sports will become a new tradition.

lit * It

Writing of traditions. it‘s customary that in the ﬁnal coltnnri. the sports
editor thanks the coaches. players and his reporter's l‘or their help dur'iugllic
year. So, thanks everyone. If my colitrriris arcii‘t as longas they usually ciid up
being. l'tl list names. lo my predecessor and the next producer of Wide
World of Sports. lidtlie limerman. thanks a lot. Good luck. And to my
associate l’iiul Seliwarlr. keep tip the grctit work next year.

 

Iu‘

 

HUM

 

 

 

Vol. LXV Summer 1

‘ 1978 by the Albany Student Press orporation

I-“L'

June 29, 1978

 

WASHINGTON (AP) The Supreme
Court opened the doors of a
California medical school yesterday
to Allan Bakke, but said that While he
suffered illegal discrimination
because he is white, race can be
considered in choosing among
applicants for college admission.

The 5-4 decision was a clear victory
for Bakke, but without clear
guideposts for the future use of
quotas or goals in programs
designed to aid minorities.

And, while the court ruling was on
college admissions, its decision
could affect minority hiring
practices by hundreds of business
and government agencies under
affirmative action programs
developed over the past 15 years.

That warning was sounded by
Justice Thurgood Marshall, the
court’s only black. in an impassioned
dissent.

 

 

A I . i: ' ‘1?

Allan Bakke: e vers Discrimination?

 

"It has been said that this case
involves only the individual, Bakke, and this
university,” Marshall wrote. “I doubt, however,
that there is a computer capable of determining the
number of persons and institutions that may be
affected by the decision in this case.”

The couit’s majority held that the University of
California‘s medical school at Davis wenttoo farin
considering race when it refused to admit Bakke.
But it said some affirmative action programs can
properly be a factor in decisions on admitting
students —— without explaining what those
programs might be.

The justices limited their seven separate
opinions to admissions policies in education and
did not directly address themselves to other
affirmative action programs.

Bakke‘s victory came in the court’s main opinion
by Justice Lewis F. Powell Jr. In that opinion.

 

Powell held that strict racial quotas or goals are
unconstitutional. “Preferring members of any one
group for no reason other than race or ethnic origin
is discrimination for its own sake," he wrote.

However, the four justices who joined Powell in
the majority did not address themselves to the
question of racial quotas and goals or
constitutional guarantees. In their opinions, they
said Bakke deserved admission to the Davis school
under provisions of the 1964 Civil Rights Act which
prohibits discrimination by race.

While ruling out quotas and goals, Powell said
other types of affirmative action programs may be
permitted.

“The experience of other university admissions
programs, which take race into account in
achieving the educational diversity valued by the
First Amendment, demonstrates that [See pg. 2]

 

 

