 

 
 

 

 

. Since the beginning of the school year. there ‘
has been. a lot of discussion about State
funding for Intercollegiate Athletics. raising
the mandatory ceiling of the Stiident Activity
Fee. l‘would like to brieﬂy address these issues
from a student perspective.

in my experience as an undergraduate.
students have taken the initiative to start new
programs and learn from eitperierioes beyond
the classroom. it has been through‘Student
Association and ’particularly through the
various groups funded by the Student Activity
Fee, that thousands of students have had the
opportunity to learn form doing things
themselves. The value of this educational
experience must not be discounted.

The students who attend the State
University of New York are among the most
highly qualiﬁed in the state. The mean Regent
Scholarship Examination score for the I977
Freshman enrollee at Albany was 188, which
is apporximately the 90th percentile. and at
the other University Centers, the mean score
varied from 167 to I92. The average Scholastic
Aptitude Test score for Albany enrollees was
lll2 in 1977. where the average Scholastic
Aptitude Test score for all 4 year public
institutions nationwide was 892. Upon further
examination of statistics from sister
institutions similiar high standards would
prevail. These credentials indicate the ability
of State University students to disburse the
funds collected by the Student Activity Fee;A
look at the “track” record of the Albany
campus will help illustrate the point.

We have developed a budgeting-process
which has provided stability in the funding of
activities as well as the ﬂexibility to adjust to
student demands and needs. This
reconciliation between the conﬂicting forces
of stability and flexibility has been present
since the inception of the Student Activity Fee
and it is the result of students being able to
assess their needs through peer representation
and the direct control of funds to meet those
needs. By not using a zero base budgeting
model. groups are given an important sense of
stability. and by not budgeting all of our
projected revenues we allow ourselves the
flexibility to supplement existing group
budgets or fund new groups. Needless to say.
the process is extremely time consumingand a
large student commitment is needed, but year

alter year that commitment has been there.

A review of the last 4 years of budgeting
reveals that Intercollegiate Athletics has
received approximately 25 percent of the
money collected from the Student Activity
lice. In terms ofa dollar value. athletic‘s share

“ f'fh‘e Future of the V
Student Activity. Fée at ,SUNYA

of the budget has increased from $142,378 in
l975-79. This increase in dollars can be

accounted for in terms of an increase in '

enrollments and last yearfs raise in the Activity
Fee to the $70 limit. Although, athletics has
received a very stable share of the budget and a
modest increase in dollars. program cuts.
particularly in JV sports. awards, and coaches
clinics have had to take place because of the
erosion of dollar buying power due to-
inflation. Furthermore. compliance with Title
IX has increased demands on the Athletic
Budget. .
llre student activities budget funds over 80
diverse groups and activities representing all
types of student interests. A closer look at the
Student Activitiespart of the budget reveals
that ctr-curricular activities have commanded
art average of 56.7 percent of the budget. We
define co-curricular activities as those which
supplement any part of the formal academic
program; for example. the Art Council. the
Accounting Society. Dance Council. and
NYI’IRG are considered co-curricular. [n all,
there are approximately 48 student groups
which can be classified’ as co—curricular.
Unquestionably. these organizations entrance
the educational experience.
the funding of non-curricular activities
averaged 26 percth during the period 1975-
1979. ‘I'hcsc items include the recreational and
soeial|residence organizations..\a day care
center. and ambulance service. as well as many
other activities. The remaining portion of the
budget has gone to operating expenses. This
percent of the budget has steadilydecreased
irr this area from 19.4 pcrcent in l975-76 to
12.7 percent iii l97B-79.
the conclusions that are drawn from what I
have mentioned are that students act
responsibly and responsiver with student
money. stability of funds is clearly
demonstrated. rind the inherent right for
students to control their own money must be
preserved. Rather than go into a discussion of
the present guidelines in detail. allow meto say
that they are unjustifiany restrictive; [will be
glad to comment further at another time.
We are now faced with a situation in which
student programs have expanded and
diversified. inﬂation has eroded the buying
power of the dollar. and more groups have
emerged seeking funds. With the pie
retitninirig the same sichathlctics and other
student activities will be severely crippled.
Student Association will not be able to
corrtittuc to prgvide essential programs and
services for students. not will we be able to
provide a sound intercollegiate athletic

 
 

f Fear and Loathing

To‘the Editor: _
I On a recent Sunday evening I was retunung'
home from work. and parked in the Indian
Quad Parking lot. Getting out of my car I
noticed, as I often do. that one of every four
lights were fit in the lot. and no security was
stationed there. Walking towards the quad. i
realized that none of the lights were on there
which made me feel fearful of my safety and
well being. I sensed the atmosphere was
conducive to physical attack.

When I returned to my room 1 called
Security and inquired as to why the lighte were
not working and more importantly. why

 

 

 

program. l'he main reason for the Student
Assembly resolution of I973 to raise the
mandatory ceiling was this set ofpressures and
concerns. A raise in the ceiling would give
Student Association the ability to raise the
student tax. which must agree is best done by
referendum. However. another alternative to
alleviate the fiscal pressures has emerged. If
student governments were relieved of their
obligations for athletic funding, the present
570 limit would be adequate. The method of
athletic ftrnding should he the State of New
\ork through an appropriate request by the
trustees.

New York is one of the only states in the
country which does not fund intercollegiate
athletics. llte educational reasons for funding
are well known. I'he role athletics plays in
dereloping an identity fora campus as well as
a irriilyirig spirit is intangible. yet very real and
valuable. State funding of athletics will not
only benefit the University, but it will benefit
all the cillleris of New York. The State. by
ltiriding the facilities atid coach's salaries.
:tlicady pays for nearly two-thirds of the
athletic program. Assumption ofthe ﬁnal one-
lllll'tl (approximately 1.6 million state wide)’

,_ would not be an unreasonable request.

In a recent conversation with Joe Fernandez
ol the Division of Budget. he said that it
reasonable proposal made by SUNY for state
funding of intercollegiate athletics would be
seriously considered. He said SUNY has little
reason to assume that the recent budget cuts
\\ Ill mean that a proposal ofthis nature will be
automatically denied. it is disappointing. to
say the least, that S U N Y has not discussed and
prepared a comprehensive proposal for state
funding of intercollegiate athletics. Now the
time is ripe to do so. As inflation continues to
hurdcn Student Associations and the long
sought goal of Title IX complirincestrivcs to
become a reality. reliance on the activity fee
with the present ceiling is unrealistic. The
recent decision to build a stadium at Syracuse
University. amounting to a committmcnt of

- Security was not on duty there. I also asked
that in view of the hazardous situation. if
parking regulations ‘would be suspended until

. safety was reinstated. He said that the lights
were in the process of beingt'txed. that the area
was not being patrolled due to a shortage of
manpower, and that it I was absolutely
unnecessary to suspend parking regulations
under these circumstances. He then suggested
that I call the power plant to inquire as to
when the lights would be restored.

Upon notifiying the power plant of the
power failure. they were completely unawarr
that any failure existed and assured me that it
would be taken care of by morning.

At this point i decided to notify the Dorm
Director on Indian Quad who subsequently

approximately $16 million dollars. indicates
the state is willingto make expenditures ofthis
nature. it is the obligation of SUNY to put
together a complete athletic package.

llicrc have been discussions of other

alternatives to alleviate the financial pressures
faced 'todny. such as the creation of a new fee,
We think this is unacceptable..and side steps
the fundamental issue of strife tax dollar
support for intercollegiate ilfllleiit‘x.
l-tn'tlierrntrre. new fees continue to burden
students. and add to the already increased cost
of education. [he fee has also been proposed
as it way to deal with a cortccrri over the
stahrlity of funding. However, as the earlier
discussion has illustrated. the argument that
m- are unable to provide stable funding is
Irdlacions.

In conclusion. we cannot overcmphasi/e thr-
necessity for state funding of athletics. We ice]
It is the obligation of the Board of 'l'rnstcex
and the SUNY Central administration to dr all
and propose a comprehensive plan for state
funding ol'intercollcgialc athletics with proper
constituency participation. We feel that such a
proposal is the best solution that can
rtdcqucatcly address the problem of inflation
and it‘s negative effect upon the activity fee.
Programs and services provided for Nllttlt‘lifx
by student distribution oftlte Activity l‘ee are
effective and in the future should expand even
turtlier to serve the best interests of State
University students.

Prepared by:
Paul li'eltfnirin.
Student Association President
Fred Brewington.
Students Association Vice President
David Rnff'o.
Central Council Chairperson
Lisa Newmaik.
Central Council Vice Chairperson
Mike Levy.
Central Council
Steve Coplon,
Central Council

 

 

 

THI6 War it):

 

 

 

 

 

 

_:::f_
w it

 
 

i
i

    
   

 

 

 

 

 

  

  
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
   

 
 
 
  

9: Be it over so humble..."~

Off campus livin
‘ Soc Centerfold

 

 

 

‘L

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

)l

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

.4“.~m1,“_

Ch

 

 

 

9 Node. uros suont

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
 

; M i.  'fr  . . z-V ,:  v

O'Hoonou's Tavern, a downtown

institution,‘.is reviewed this week.
" * Soc page In,

L. .
, r

’i

  

involvement in consumer issues.
500 pogo 30

  

 

