 

 

    
 
  

 
   

      
            
      
      
     
    
    
     
      
       
      
     
   
     
     
    
     
     
    
     
      
    
      
    
     
    
    
     
     
     
     
 
    
     
   
    
    
 
    
   
     
   
     
    
    
    
   
    
   
    
    
   
    
    
    

From the Edltor:

A Farewell to SUNYA

by Jon Lafayette

1 don't want to write a farewell column.
Right now. it seems that there is too much
going on here. both on—campus and in Albany
in general. to stand leaving. But 1 do want to
graduate. get my degree, and never have to
worry about professors or classes or grades
again (or at least for a few years).

Four years. Jesus Christ! Has it really been
that long since I stayed up to see the sunrise
that drunken morning at orientation? Has it
been that long since my ﬁrst burgerat the Rat?
Or the ﬁrst time I played frisbee in the
fountain on a warm Albany night‘.’

Four years. A freshman! it seems like ages
ago. intro to Poli Sci. Intro to Soc. intro to
Eco (with Horowitz). But those were a minor
part of that year.

The times i had and the people I met that
year were what made that year great.
Watching Star Trek in the suiteroom with half
the dorm. sleeping out for Tucker tickets on
the coldest night of the year. coming back
front a football game in Buzzard‘s Bay and
finding two people in my room. (neither of
whom were my roommate); I will rentember
those longer than anything i ever heard in
class.

The pattern was established that year: my
most valuable learning experiences would
come outside the classroom. lwrotc sports for
the ASP andl lost my tirst electionstltat year.

I ran for President ol'thc Class of l97lt. Do
you remember who won?(Hint: He‘s working
as a doorman at a very "in" club itt the city and
owes SA 53000. Even after that election was
overturned because of suspicions that he
stuffed the ballot box he won again.

Some people just don't seem to doanything
right. I left Ute A S'l’ next year to become SA
Communications Director. Remember the
SAndbox'.’ 1 ran that. it took fifty hours a
week. but for two months lput the damn thing
ottt. Yott maynot miss it (or even rememberit)
but when was the last time you saw a really
good picture of a tower“!

Junior year. All i remember is a fog and the
eighteen credits l earned. “Go directly to
probation. do not pass go ' the registrar told
me after I got a “B.” a “C” and three “W"‘s.

That was also the year l ran for SA
President and lost the big one. You can't fool
all the people all of the time and i couldn't
even fool a whole lot of them the end oprril.
I almost fooled the ASP, though. Oh well. i

had a good old time.

This year. after a long. frustrating summer
and early semester housing hassles. i finally
got settled into the senior. off—campus life
style.

The Asl’hired me as editorial pages editor.
and the 2| credits I took so that I could
graduate with my class flew by. This semester,
I was a full-time intern and a part—time intern
at the same time in addition to being an editor.
a situation that occupied almost all of my time
and often kept me up until all hours of the
night.

Still. I feel tnuch better about my senior year
than any other.

Why'.’ Because i was doing something. Not
just for myself. but for others. Service. Not
enough people in this damned school did
anything but keep themselves comfortable.
'l‘hat's what made the place sterile and cold.
not the concrete.

People didn‘t care what happened to them.
around them and to their fellow students.
What got people upset and angry? A comic
strip in the ASP!

No. I don‘t think the _t.iasscs were_al| that
good. They were bullshit. You could study if
you wanted “A"'s. Just stay awake for the
“B“‘s. You had one course per semester that
was interesting. you were lucky. Pickittg
courses because they were interesting? Not
becaUse they were easy or required"! Yes.

llte majority of you will remember it
differently. The poor Class ol '78. llcncckc.
three presidents. Harold (iould. They say
we've been through a lot. bttt most of its could
have been through more. More tltan was
required. Because the tttorc you put in. the
ntorc you get out. arid the more interestingiife
3.

Oh well. i won't miss them. or most ol you.|
will miss the humans i knew and any others on
this campus who cared.

i missed the last personal deadline. so now
l'll sav bye-bye to some friends: To Kornit/cr.
Tex. Krutz. Nimbles. Polley. Chuckles.
Jimbo. Sleazone. and Dave. to L'oyne.
Battman. O‘Connell. Sue. Bennett. Bennett.
Bryant. and Mary Beth; and to Tom (nice note)
.lon. Spence (smart move hiring me). Matt.
Jill. Rich. and everyone else on the ASP; and
Ralph Boxley (all four of you) for keeping me
sane this year; and most of all to Leslie.
without whom i might not have tnade it.

 

 

HQ 0%?
ram 0 65K
5‘ 525' canto

 

 

 gas.
l5 A 0 PER-

 

F human

 

university

To the Editor:

The university is sometimes portrayed as a
rather cold. unfeeling place. but our
experience has been quite different. Early'tn
April. we were in a serious automobtlc
accident. During the month and a half since
that time. we have greatly appreciated the
warm. understanding. and helpful responses
of our colleagues and students. Your visits.
cards. and greetings have been valuable
morale boosters during a very difficult period
for both of us and our families. and continue
to exercise an important therapuetic effect.
The interest of our students has been
particularly gratifying. We wantedtotakcthis
opportunity to thank you all for your
expressions of friendship and huntanness.

Sincerely

Russ Ward

Mark Lanry
Department of Sociology

inhuman
conditions -

To the Editor:

I atn absolutely incensed by the
irresponsible attitudes so clearly expressed in
the degrading human conditions at the
uptown dormitories. and the campus itt
general.

During the last week i haw had the
"pleasure" ol participating in seven lnlsc fire
alarms (three pulled itt one invigorating
night). of being intimidated itt unlit
elevators (when they were working). of
stepping over old vomit. of encountering
people at the Campus ("enter wlto fittd it too
time-consuming to hold the door open lorthe
next person. of waiting ill the Check-Cashing
litte only to witness those self-appointed
V,l,l’.'s slip in tile front ot the littc. and of
constantly viewing those classroqu antics
designed to achieve that "competitive edge.“

It‘s a shame to see a college wlticlt was once
relerrcd to as “the showcase university" he so
pitilllily disgraced. T his is ttotcttditttic to large
city schools. as I‘m quite familiar with others.
Rather the fault lies with the uncouth
hufloons that make up the bulk of this student
hotly. attd who scent to think that Daddy's

 
  

money can authorize their whimsical
escapades.

You may all complain about your “cold-
hcﬂncd“ professor who teaches at this “icy
structure.“ but is it possible that you‘re tile
ones that lack ttny Warmth?

Unfortunately. I ltave no solutions to lhis
distressing situation. There are those people
Who are working damn hard to pttt thetnseltes
through Albany State with some sense ol
dignity. and to those people nty admiration.

But to the rest of you polar scholars. may
you all melt sun—bathing in the lttllllltlttls.

Donna 1-C\)’

good
profs . . .

To the Editor:

on May 8. I978. Dr. Lanny ll. i’lL'iti\ ot the
SUNYA history department let-coed lht.‘
Chancellor‘s Award for l \ccllcltcc tn
leaching.

Dr. Fields ltas displayed outstanding
teaching ability. Dr. Fields has demonstrated

an innovative attd crcati\e approach to a

teaching.
Dr. Fields has provided intellectual

enrichment for his students thtottgh lll\ *
knowledge of his subject matter. Di l'iclth .

has lostcred in his students much of the
enthusiasm which ltc hitnsell pusst'sst‘s lnj
l‘ields has developed a rentatkahlc t.tpport
with his students. Dr. l‘icltls has L'tliL'li about
his students.

Dr. Fields has shown posittte l‘\ltlt'llt‘t‘ ol
his superb performance through lu-t ll‘tL'l‘llllll
ol this ll\\ill'(i.

Di. l'iclds was denied (Clinic.

| llL-n tmhlnutn
lllll ltslott

\ntt \lt'l end

I. ‘u

. . .tenure
denied

To the Editor:
Professor Edward Sklepoxttclt Ito been

denied tenure. Upon being made .ttttttt nI lhl.\ '

fact. my reaction was one ol utter

stupil'ication. and soon alter. tngc. l'toictsor

Sklcpowich was one ol the few lllll' tnxttuctors
l have encountered itt this institution. lll\
lectures were always tltottgltt prowling.
knowledgeable. and “student-oitented" “L'

 

FEIFFER

HY 955K
- CTS

 

 

 

 

NW A SYMBOL.

MUST rout? 0W
TUE» tr
K THATS luTo A

 

 

 

 

 

. - . e -

. . . .. . own“... Ham..— «W
Mmmm* a. .. . 1

W .. N a..." ~__.__u ...4...._ ..

 

   
   

 
  
  
  
     
   
  
   
  
 

’ @spectcS

“Hie!”

see centerfold

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

