-Az'ererrww ~ '—»~*‘”=aw~._ a

.C.


f
l.
i
l
l.

 

 

    
 

PRODyggtlIGNS

’ 
R0 WAY

~ "6310a RE,

rowan East calm
presents~

WW

[0?

7:30 and 10:00 pm

Proceeds go In TElEI'IIOII '79

 

starring Diana Ross and Billy Dee Williams

I
75‘ with TEC card / $1.50 without

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

: > CD
TONITE 8PM

. THURS

 

 

 

 

TUESDAY FEATURE
RORY GALLAGHER
' “PHOTOFINISH”

WED 7 PM ALBUM of the WEEK :»
JULES AND THE

. ’7' POLAR BEARS l
"cor no BREEDING”

8 PM .
sa funded “GROUPS Of the WEEK”

 

 

 

Film

 

 

. --—-n-—.—_-v~‘a- s

illii ’

ill in _. PUNK R005 SPECIAL

 

__,,. _. a

 

“Careers in Law”

Presents

 

Abba Koblenz

Senior Partner of Koblenz & Koblenz
Albany law ﬁrm

 

 

8:00 pm

 

 

 

"mu—Maw-

 

 

 

 

 

Ahern: Key TOI-Swﬁimmers’ Effort

by David Osborn

Sophomore Kevin Ahern is an
exhibition swimmer for the Albany
State men‘s swimming team. That
shouldn‘t evoke any images or
anybody peeling off bathing suits. it
simply means he is ineligible for
\arsity competition and may enter
races as an unofﬁcial entrant; or an
exhibition.

Iic- has transferred here froin
Niagara University and on Jan. I he
“I” count; urttil then he doesn't.
Dane coach Ron While has not
hesitated to use Alicrn in meets thus
fur.’ preferring to keep his star in
condition and suffer ttte penalties in
teaiii points. Wltite says he wants
Alicrn to feel as though he is part of
the team.

for an exhibitionist. the soph
ll'tlll't Brunt llillsfaired rather well at
ttte MeUill invitational last weekend
Ill Montreal. Although lte nullified
Albany team poiitts anytime tie
swam owed to his status. Ahern
turned in fine performances in his
leg of the BOO-yard freestyle relay.
tlte individual lOO—yard free and the

butterfly leg of the medley relay.

“i wasn‘t sure I would be able to
swun iii the meet utitil the coach said
i could enter as an exhibition.“ said
Alterii. "it‘s really nice of him to let
me keep competition—sharp in this
nay. i feel a lot stronger titan ldid at
this time last year and my early-
scasoii times are better than they‘ve
ctcr been."

Finished Sixth

In a field ol llschools. the Danes
finished sixth in the two-day meet.
.\lc(iiil. the host. tied for the team
title tutti |.a\alle. and two American
squads. St. Lawrence and
I’Iattshtii‘gli. heat Albany along with
another Canadian school, the
otitiiig “as the Daites‘ second tltis
year after a fourth-place showing at
their own Relays last month.

Ahern led off the ftiltl-yard free
iclay With a sparkling leg at i:52.9.
tart) III the season. White says he
likes to lead his top swimmer off in a
relay to let him clturit through open
\tatcr. Steve Rchfuss. also a soph.
s\\ttlil the second section in l:55.4
followed by tom Roberts aitd co-

Sabres Fire GM and Head Coach

BUFFALO. N.Y. (AP) In the first
major shake-up in its nine-year
National Hockey League ltistory.
the Buffalo Sabres have fired
U‘cncral Manager errge "Punch"
lmlach and the coach he picked last
year. Marcel Pronovost.
Short Statement

team President Seymour H.
Knox. an old-money millionaire.
issued a short statement and
Jeclined to comment further. “These
thP5 are being taken in the best
interest of the Buffalo Sabres hockey
club and its loyal supporters. My
decision came after careful thought.“
he said.

No successors were named
utimcdiately. but media speculation
about the coaching post centered on
Joe Crolier. who piloted the club

ttiioiigli tltc |‘)72-74 seasons before
Itcmg fired after a power struggle
\\llll lmlach. Alter a stint in the
“mid Hockey Association. Croiicr
is not cuircntly working in hockey.

the other prominent candidate is
Montieal Coach Scotty Bowman,
ts ho has been unhappy since he was
passed over for the Canadien's general
job in Buffalo.

liut lrvmg (irundman. who got
that job. said Monday. “Don't look

‘ at Montreal for somebody to fill the

job to liutlalo.“

Sports Notice

Josh l-ink finished in first place in
a swunming marathon held this past
weekend. the marathon was held to
hpr light cancer.

captain Mike Dwycr. They would
have been fourth if they had
counted.

in the IOU-yard free. Ahcrn
stroked to a 251.0 clocking. one
second off his personal best. and
Rehfuss' turned in it :51.9
pciformancc. then in the medley
relay. wlterc Albany would have
placed sixth. Ahcrn swam a solid
no.4 second butterfly lap and
Roberts took the Freestyle anchor
out Ill :5l.9.

"last year tit Niagara. Altcrn was
\ttllllllllllg iii the ltigtt 57‘s for the
butterfly and tloiitg well against Div.
l competition.“ said Witite. “I would
so) he‘ll be it strong contender forthc
title in any evettt he enters at the
Sthi AC championships."

ltic Mctiill meet was it lengthy

.itllair that ran all Friday night and

the entirety of Saturday afternoon.
.‘\llcl'll said the format was too
tliattn out since long intervals
hetoccn etetits made the swimmers
idle. and the lack of a warm-up pool
had them state when they swam
again. the Canadian schools start
competition Sept. I so they are now
llt ltill bloont and have an edge over
tltc American entries just getting
underway.

Rehluss. who holds or shares live
Albany records. took eighth in the
ltltl-yard breast stroke in l:05.(i and
frank fictcr. a junior. was mm in
the saute race. iieter. a transfer
student troin Orange Community
Lollege. also notched seventh in the
ltlU~yard individual medley with a
2;|.l.5. his best showing of the early
hCiiSlHl.

l'l’usll Bob l’ctitt may have
signaled some aid iii the weak back—
stroke department when he recorded
a personal best of l;06.b in the 100—
yard backstroke. i’lattsburgh at
ltoiiic this Saturday will be Ahern‘s
lutal meet as an exhibition. After
that. it's for real and coach White
tccls that‘s wiicn his squad will begin
to roll.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘l

 

DECEMBER 5. I973

"Coliiliittla'.'

___________________,_-—

 

 

jules and the polar bears.
playfully disruptive,
like all of nature’s c

Available at Just-A Song

jules and the polar_ bears.
“got no breedtng.”ic 35001

wild and set loose,

on columbia records and tapes.
piotltitrotl by littlY llllflclt. :iit'llllL‘lt iiiitjtiti.
Q. alettarttntniiksol(illliltit lC‘lQ/ilCBSIilt'.

lever tricks.

)lllelt :;ll(‘ill

 

 

 

. ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

  
 

éﬁwfii‘ilé BEBE‘FIELUW
Birth. Of Kennel Club -

by Rich Sellpon

 

 

l‘hc Pep Band is hustling again. Aside frompcing an integral part of the
enthusiasm at Albany State football and basketball games. they are now
trying to go a step further — forming an organized cheering section called the
Kennel Club. an appropriate name for Great Dane fans.

“Four of us went to Syracuse last year to see’ the Syracuse-Siena game." '

said Eric Levine. Pep Band President and along with three other Band
inctiibcrs Ken Zellbcrger. Jeff Momot. Randy Egnaczyk. the driving force
behind the effort. "We had a sign there that said. ‘Albttny State says Slen-
Stlll Sucks.‘ When the crowd saw it they began chanting the message. The
Kennel Club there suggested that we should get something going here."

So. with help from some fans at Manley Field House. where opponents
til end to play (as the crowd makes Syracuse‘s starting five seem like a starting
seven). the Albany State Kennel Club will soon become reality.

the Kennel Club sounds like a great idea —~ another unifying element
between the students and Albany athletes that should lead to an increase in
crowd spirit and attendance.

llut as always happens with a new group. the Kennel Club has encountered
some problems. The major pitfall has been time. "We can‘t get it ready for
this semester.“ said Levine. “When we come back we're really goingto make a
strong pitch for membership."

Reserve sitting for Kennel Club members will be on the opposite ofthe Pep
lltitid at University Gym basketball games. according to Levine.

Presently. 50 students have expressed interest to be in the club. For five
home basketball games next semester. a fee of $1.75 that includes
membership dues will be charged. Usually. five games would cost $2.50, so
the club offers a bargain also. Beneﬁts will alsoincludc discount ratcst‘or bus
tickets to crucial away games.

One major fault of intercollegiate athletics here is the lack of advertising
for all sporting events. It's been written here on several occasions that the
athletic program at Albany is extremely successful. but not enough students
attend the sporting events. Just this fall. the soccer and cross country teams
advanced to NCAA post-season play and the football squad defeated ithaca.
the recent winner of the Lambert Bowl as tops in the east. Standing Room
Only was not a common occurrence at home contests.

As a booster organization. which Levine ideally sees the Kennel Club
being. it will ttssumc responsibility for advertising Albany athletics.
Operating with $100 as part ofthe i’cp Band'stotal budget. publicity would
be where the majority ofthe money would be allocated. The Kennel Club will
not only turn the crowd on at it game. but it can turn around the attendance
problem. as'wcll. is the Kennel Club needed? Deﬁnitely.

the Pep Band. though. has enough responsibility of its own. Levine and
the other Dane enthusiasts would like to get the club started and then let their
iitembers assume control. Such matters as type of chccrs at games have not
been decided yet at this early stage.

“ l he Pep Band is an organiution which is still growing in itself.”
explained Levine. “it‘s tough to run three things at a time (a color guard has
been another innovation). '

“We'd like between mo and 150 members next semester. There never has
been anything on campus like this before. Now people are approaching us.
We are hoping to be at full tilt for football next year."

Levmc indicated that Athletic Director and football coach Bob Ford and
basketball coach Dick Saucrs are receptive to the idea of instilling more
school spirit. " l he coaciics can‘t wait.“ he says.

Although the Kennel Club won't be able to scream “Stem Still Sucks." at
basketball games. since the Division 1 rival dropped Albany from their
basketball schedule. the Kennel Club need not be concerned. On Tuesday.
Jan. 23. when everyone will be back from winter recess. SUNYAC contender
()nconta hosts the Danes. it should be a promising debut on the road for a
howling Kennel Club.

t tut/ml lirir, .Icl/ or Randy 111 457-7792 or Keri at 45 7- 7850 Uyou are in-
It'it'Alt'tf iii but tuning a [tunnel Club member.

Women Cagers Lose Opener 7 0-69

"We cotntnittcd an unnecessary
amount of fouls and we couldn't
make our own foul shots.“ added
Werner. "We must ltavc shot about

by Maureen George

Despite an outstanding
performance by senior Cindy
Werner.th Albany State‘s women's
basketball team found thentsclves on
itte short end of a 70-69 score in a they must have been about 52%f'rom
game played at Hamilton for tltc line."
Albany's season opener last Besides the iiiconsistcitcy fromtlic
[mu-5d“), night. foul line. tiic Danes could also blame

Werner. a 5“)“ forward from their loss on the great amount of
Orange Community College.pourcd fouls they committed. A major
ill 30 oftlte 69 total points scored by turning point of tire game may have
the Danes. She tallied to field goals been when Martinez fouled out with
and added fourfrcc throws against a almost eight minutes left to play in
Hamilton squad playing their first the game. Ann l’ricc also fouled out.
game ever. “We had achance but we Price committed her final foul with
just didn't do it,“ said Werner. two minutes left to play.

ltotli Werner and co-captain the game sec-sawed back and
Wendy Martinez agreed that the fourth. but late in the second half
thing that did them in was their lack Hamilton went ahead for good. The
of accuracy from the foul line. “The .Danes were once down by If
big difference in the game was the points. btit battled back to within

3 tool shooting." said Martinez. “Both 000-

tcams committed a number of fouls.
but they made their free throws and record tonight when they travel to
we didn't.“ Saint Rose for a 61l5 matchup.

Foul Play Upsets N.M. Firedrills

Foul Play got off to it 14-4
halftime lead enroute to their 35-l4
victory. 2-0 Foul Play was unrankcd
iii last week's AMIA poll.

led by Frank Uttffitey's l5 points.
l-‘oul l’lay touted the number—one
rattkcd team in AMlA League lV
basketball. tltc N.M. Fircdrills
. Sunday morning.

ll’AGE NtNETEEN

ltr‘,‘ limit the line and i think that _

the Danes hope to even up their .

 

 

t
i
l.
i

a ma...

 

