 

    
   

‘ tea :3 said so President Devi
'Ooid.  _  .
The proposed increase, which

 

 

would  m lei from-the current .

$66 ,toyear.‘ is necessary

because of rising costs and a static.

budget, according“ to SA 'Vice
President‘Ka'thy Baron.  .
“We haven’t had anincrease in at

‘ year's,” said Baron. “We‘re tired of

' ‘ havlttgto. cutback

      

   
 

semester."

      
    
     
  

  

" ‘atidxaa‘ron. 'is .t_ c inability of, the v ’
 Athletic Department to meet its ‘

budget. They face a $35,000 deficit
next year. Currently, the” depinment
is allotte’d.$l_4.50 of each student's
$66.» ' . ’ '

 

2 ['l‘Athle'tics is going’to have to cut
,bﬁck severely unless it gets the

money." Baron said. I ,
;Gold indicated that. of the 53
increase, “St to Sl'.50 will go to

 more" I. athletics ‘to help" e ends '. ‘

  

 

Central council‘s-r the power to

vaote a tax increatc by’ itieu.’ but.

rimming to' can, SA» “wouldn't
feel that it was right tot-sis: taxes
without full student approval.”

‘ - ‘ Tax Limit ‘

New York-7 State law‘limlts the
student 'tax' to a maximum of $70.
and SUNYA's $66 ﬁgurefrepresents.
along with SUNY at Buffalo, the
lowest tax in the SUNY 'system.‘

Gold said that he hoped the
referendum could be held within two
weeks after the Spring vacation.

_. Rival "Union Challenges UUP

by G.'I’aseal Zachary I '
The SUNYA organizer for the
New York Educators Association

predicted yesterday that “within a j

month NYEA will have enough
signatures to guarantee an election"
between the rival union and United
University Professions. The election
would take place in the fall and
determine whether U UP remains the
bargaining representative for
SUNY‘s l6.000 teaching and non-
tecahing staff.

Under state law. in order to force
an election a challenging union must
submit to the Public Employees
Relation Board “show of interest"
cards containing signatures of at
least 30 percent of the membership
of a particular bargaining unit.
NYEA yesterday ealimed to have
received 3200 signatures. well over
halfthe 5000 it needs. Over 500 ol'the
signatures were gathered from
SUNYA‘s staff of I200.

UUP spokesman Ned Hopkins
took issue with these claims. “I think
NYEA is playing loose with the
truth. If they've got that many
signatures I can‘t understand why
they are pushing to get on the
campus so early." NYEA has
appealed to PERB requesting that it
overturn the state Ofﬁce of
Employee Relation's ruling
prohibiting NYEA organizers from
appearing on SUNY campuses until
May I. NYEA will continue to
circulate its organizers on SUNY
campuses until it receives a ruling
from PERB.

NYEA SUNYA organizer. John
Dornan explained that some faculty
“are signing cards because they want
no union representation at all. others

because they want a union other
than UUP." Dornan said he believed
that between l0 and IS per cent of
SUNY staff “are talking about
voting ‘no representation’ ". Were an
election to be held. members of the
bargaining unit would be able to
choose among the present
representative, the challenger. and
“no representation".

In a recent issue of the University
News. SUNYA Psychology
Professor Morris Eson urged the
S UNYA faculty to sign the “show of
interest” cards sent to them by
NYEA and vote for “no
representation“ in the fall election.
Without union representation. Eson
reasoned. “no one. neither UUP nor
NYEA. would be ripping us off by
way of the agency shop fee
deduction."

Dues Required

A change in the Taylor law. which
took effect last September. requires
state employees to pay union dues
even if they are not union members
provided that all members of the
bargaining unit are benefitting from
union representation. U Ul’ dues ar'e
l per cent ofa staff member‘s salary.
up to $250.

Dornan claimed that
dissatisfaction with the agency shop
deduction was one of the major
reasons NYEA has had increased
success this year over last year. In an
organizing effort last year. NYEA
collected only 800 signatures.

“My indications are that the
faculty strongly supports UUP.“
Harry Frisch. President of the UUP
Albany local said. A recent rise in the
UUP mambership, bringing it over
the 7000 mark, supports his claim. he

said. Before the onset of the agency
shop .. deduction. however.
membership never was higher than
one-third of SUNY‘s I6.000 staff.

“if you comapare UUP‘s
collective bargaining with that of
CSEA’s we are well ahead.“ Frisch
said. He added that the union has
expedited over l50 grievance cases in
the last year. half of which were won
by the faculty.

UUP is affiliated with the New
York State United Teachers and the
two million member New York State
AFL—CIO. In a letter to all SUNY
staff. UUP President Samuel J.
Wakshull wrote. “The political clout
of these two organizations has
spared SUNY from the worst effects
of the recession and the governor‘s
budget cutting."

Wakshull viewed NY EA‘s
challenge as an attempt to upset the
current negotiations between UUP
and SUNY central administration.
In the same letter Wakshull wrote
that SUNY Central “would prefer
NEA/NYEA to UUP as the
collective bargaining agent“ for
SUNY staff. A spokesman for
SUNY Central could not be reached
for comment.

NYEA spokeswoman. Linda
Rosenblatt said the challenging
union is committed to “working
towards dc-centrttlization. in favor
of strong faculty scnates" and
“promises not to impose the agency
shop deduction unless 50 per cent of
the bargaining unit become
members of NYEA."

Frisch claimed that by law the
SUNY bargaining unit must be an
agency shop if it is represented by a
union.

SUN YA Bus in Minor Accident

by Fred Stern

A SUNYA has headed downtown
along Washington Avenue was
involved in a minor accident on
Friday.

The bus. driven by Charles
Williman had pulled up behind
another campus bus to discharge
passengers at the corner of
Washington Avenue and Quail
Street. According a complaint ﬁled
with the SUNYA Department of
Public Safety by Florence Howarth.
Williman then pulled around the
other bus. and hit her frontdoorand
front fender with the rear bumper of
the bus. Howarth's I968 Vista
Cruiser was parked on the right hand
side of the bus.

The bus was notdamaged, and the
car sustained damage to the driver‘s
front door and fender. Neither
Howarth or her passengers were
injured.

The accident occurred at4:00 pm.
during the snowstorm. that lasted
throughout the afternoon.

PAGE TWO

Williman did not stop his bus at
the scene of the accident. He
continued on Washington Avenue.
unaware of the collision.

Williman said “It‘s possible that I
hit her. but I had the heaters going
and I didn‘t feel or hear anything".
Howarth got out of her car and
spoketothedrivcrofbusnuntber44.
which had been parked in front of
Williman. She later registered a
complaint with University Police.
who in turn contacted Mr. Williman.
He completed his driving shift and
reported to University Police
afterwards.

When Williman next reported to
work. be ﬁlled out an accident report
according to the information that
Howarth had supplied.

According to Lieutenant David
Prendergast. University Police had
no accident report filed by Howarth.
as it was not within thcjurisdiction
of the Public Safety Dept.

The Albany County Police also
had no accident report. which tltc
parties involved are required to
submit if the damage involved is
greater than $250 worth.

Mrs. Howarth could not be
reached for comment.

 

Mandatory!
WCDB DJ Meeting,

 

Urgent!

this
(tomorrow!) at 9: 15
Check station for location!

Essential!
Wednesday night

 

 

ALBANY BTUan PRIDE

 
   
 
 

 

     
  

Ethiopia Claims A Victory In Ogadon War
N AIROBI, Kenya (AP) Ethiopia says it has recaptured the crossroads town
of .Iijiga. a major objective of its counter-offensive tn the Ogaden war in
eastern Ethiopia. and that its troops are pushing toward the frontier with
Somalia. The Somali forces that took J ijiga in September deny that they have
lost it. “The revolutionary Ethiopian ﬂag has been rehoisted in the town of
Jijiga and is now proudly and triumphantly flying," Ethiopia's ambassador
to Kenya. Mengiste Desta. told a news conference here Monday. "There hut/c
been heavy losses. both human and material, bUt the enemy bore the
brunt...At this very moment. the revolutionary army is marching forward
scoring further victories,“ Desta said.

Taiwan Kay Block in U.S.-Cbina Relations

TOKYO (AP) Hua Kuofeng. newly conﬁrmed as China's supreme leader.
has told the national parliament in Peking that the American attitude on the
Taiwan issue remains the chief obstacle to establishing full U.S.-Chincsc
diplomatic relations. Hsinhua. the ofﬁcial Chinese news agency, said in a
dispatch received here Monday that Hua also outlined to the ﬁfth National
People‘s Congress an intensive l0—year plan for modernizing China's
“backward” basic industries. The congress. meeting for the ﬁrsttimein thrcc
years. renamed Hua as China‘s premier. a post he will continue to hold
concurrently with the chairmanship of the Communist Party.

Tait-Hartley Act Invoked Against UMW
WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter. declaring the country “cannot
afford to wait any longer" for a coal strike settlement. invoked the 'l‘ult~
Hartley Act on Monday in a ﬁrst step aimed at forcing the miners back to
work. Carter asserted that negotiations between the striking United Mine
Workers union and the coal industry were at an impasse. And the president
said he was directing Attorney General Grifﬁn Bell to make preparations for
seeking an 80-day back-to—work order under terms of the Taft—Hartley Act.
The strike by some l60.000 UMW members. which enters its fourth month
Tuesday. has torced power curtailments and resultant job layolls tn the
Midwest and is threatening to inflict further harm on the economy.

“Hustler” Owner Flynt Shot

LAWRENCEVILLE. Ga. (AP) Larry Flynt. owner of Hustler magazrnc.
was shot in the stomach Monday while walking on a street outside it
courtroom where he is on trial-on charges of distributing obscene materials.
the GeorgiaState Patrol reported. The patrol said Flynt was taken to Button
Gwinnett Hospital 'and was expected to survive the attack. There was no
immediate word on who the assailant was or what type ofgun was used. but
police said they believed the gunman drove away from the scene. Flynt, who
is appealing a conviction for pandering obscenity in Ohio. was being tried to
Gwinnett County State Court on charges ofdistributing obscene materials
the August I977 issue of Hustler.

 

Park to Face More Questioning

WASHINGTON (AP) Tongsun' Park faces more grilling on alleged South
Korean inﬂuence-buying attempts this week. Park was to go back bclotc
House ethics committee investigators Monday for closed—door questioning
on details of his contributions to more than 24 congressmen. lhc
investigators spent most of last week trying. and reportedly failing. to slutkc
Park's story that be spread money to aid his rice-buying business, rtot to but
inﬂuence for the South Korean government. “They kept saying he was till
agent." one source said. “and he kept saying he wasn't.“ The difference is
essential in determining whether there was any congressional misconduct

Business Leaders Seek Early Tax Break
WASHINGTON (AP) Representatives of big business told (‘ongtm
Monday that President Carter's proposed tax reductions should he alluded
to take effect three months earlier in order to keep the economy groutng. lo
meet that timetable. said Reginnlf H. Jones. chairman and citicfcxccutm
ofﬁcer of General Electric Co.. Congress should shelve Carter‘s proposal to
end some tax breaks for many businesses and individuals. Jones. speaking
for the Business Round table. which represents 185 business and financial
firms. told the House Ways and Means Committee that the increase tn the
federal deficit that would result from makingthc tax cuts effective on Jul) 1
would be a reasonablc price to pay.

Tito Visits U.S.

WASHINGTON (AP) President Jim of Yugoslavia arrives here tonight on
an ofﬁcial visit expected to reinforce US support oftltc communist ititllttn's
independence from the Soviet Union. The. 85. is making his first visn hm-
since I97]. and will meet with President Carter, other top ildl‘lllllislrullnll
ofﬁcials and congressional leaders over the next tltrcc days. [LS-him“
Croatian nationalists. who support autonomy for Yugoslavia‘s Croats. MIC
mobilizing for anti-Tito demonstrations here. Hrvojc Lun. a spokesman lot
the Croatian National Congress. said he expected [,000 Crotttinns to take
Pim in a “peaceful protest" against Tito's Visit. Us. support for Yugoslm
territorial integrity has been a fixture of American foreign policy since "i uo'x
dramatic break with Moscow 30 years ago.

Marston Announces His Bid for Governor
PHILADELPHIA (AP) David W. Marston, the Republican US. attornct
whose ouster by the Carter administration became a national Issue.
announced today he is a candidate for governor of Pennsylvania. The 35'
year-old lawyer said he would seek the Republican nomination inthe May '0
primary. He is the fifth Republican to enter the race to succeed Democratic
Gov. Milton Shapp, who is barred by the state constitution from seeking 11
third term.

#-

MARCH 7. 1978

 

 

by Steve smith. ‘ ~ .

An unusually .high number of
tickets have been issued in recent
weeks to students for parking their
cars in spaces reserved'tfor faculty
and special a permit holders.
according to Assistant Director of
Public Safety John Henighan.
Numerous appeals have been ﬁled by
students based on a complaint that
SUNYA parking lots are improperly
plowed.

“I’m aware of the problem.“
Henighan said, though he added that
there are parking spaces which have
remained clear despite heavy
snowfalls at the far end of all
SUNYA parking lots. "They may
not be the best or most convenient
spaces. but there are some."hc said.

SUNYA Plant Director Frank
Kopf said SUNYA is doing the best
it can to remove the snow still piled
up in some parking areas.

“I have a certain number of men
and equipment for normal snow
removal." he said. “but when the
Lord dumps a lot of snow on me. I
have a problem.“

Kopf said that. with SUNYA‘s
snow removal equipment. a normal
snowfall can be handled within a

week. “But January and February
hit us with more snow than ever.
more than we have the proper

 

8mm.

equipment for"'he,said. If.  ' .
,,He added that SUNYAS could
spend ' $50,000 to $60.11”. in
purchasing equipment that it might
never again need. SUNYA rented
about 86.000 worth“of equipment
this year. he said. Under the terms of
the rentals. outside operators had to
be brought in to run theequipment.

About 30 per cent of parking lot
space is lost with each snowfall.
Director of Public Safety James
Williams said. He added there are
available spaces in each lot. but that
most students don‘t use them
because they don't like to walk for
when it is cold.

Williams said there is no reason
for students to park in faculty
spaces. lftheydo, he added. they will
be ticketed. “Faculty have to park
somewhere too." he said.

Kopf said that a lack of student
cooperation has added to the delays
in snow removal.

“We asked Indian Quad students
to move their cars to the visitors‘
parking lot at 6:00 one night." he
said. “At about 9:00. three-fou rths of
the students had complied. but the
others hadn‘t. We could don better
job. and with less work. if we had
more cooperation from the
students." Kopf said.

By working with the grounds

UPS/MARY ANN NDVA‘

The proposed women's health care center would provide sexually-
orlented health care, according to SA Vice President Kathy Baron.

Senate Ponders Withdrawal Policy

by Matthew Cox

Rolling hack the deadline for
withdrawing lroni il course is one of
two options a Untvcrsity Senate
(‘ontmtttcc is considering in thc
curl) stitgcs of its review ol
S l W Y/\'.\ course withdrawal policy.

Committee on Academic
Standing (‘hatr John l’ipkin said his
comnuttcc is also considering
recommending that the present
poltcy be retained. Deleting the W
grade from transcripts is "not a live
option“ in the committee‘s
dcltbcrattons. he said.

Student Senate mctnbct Robert
(ictnutn. who serves on lltc
committee. said the committee
discussed shortening tltc withdrawal
period at at recent meeting when tltc
thhllt.‘ was lirst considered.

" I here was serious discussion of
it." ltc said. “It wasn't something we
felt we could just dismiss out of
hand."

(icttnan said he thought students
might not mind a shortening of the

MARCH 7, 1978

withdrawal period if both the W
grade and course entry were deleted
from the transcript.

“I just raised deleting W grades as
a devil‘s advocate point.“ he said.“lt
was clear at the cotntuittcc mccting.
though. that the committee wouldn't
seriously consider it.“

The committee which Is under the
auspices of tltc Undergraduate
Academic Council. is reviewing the
use and purpose of the W grade at
the request of UAC Chair (icorgc
Martin. l’ipkin said. The committee
has just begun its review and isn't
forming policy recommendations
yet.

“We're undertaking a long term
consideration of the purpose of the
W grade," Pipking said. “At the end
of the semester wc‘ll cithcr propose
that the present policy be changed or
retained."

Some faculty have indicated
dissatisfaction with the present
policy because it allows a student to
drop a course up until the last weeks

 

department next year, Kopf said he 

hopes to workat a system for
moving student cars from each quad
lot to the visitors‘ parking lot 24
hours after each storm. This could be

handled with little difﬁculty using.

ideas from students on what'times
would be convenient. he said.

According to Appeals Committee
Chair Robert Whittam. most of the
appeals on parking violations have
come from students claiming that»
they failed to see certain parking
signs.

Because students have the largest
parking area on campus, Whittam
said. the excuse that there are no
spaces is not a legitimate reason for
parking in faculty areas. “They just
can‘t park in the faculty section." be
said.

He added that the committee
determines appeals based on specific
regulations. Because ofthis. he said.
the committee can set no precedents
in its appeals decisions. even if the
violation is the student‘s first.

“We do not check files when
determining appeals. We base our
decisions on the individuals
themselves." be said.

Whittam said the lay—out of each
lot was cxtnblishcd “because of age.
Students are young; they can walk
further." he said.

by James Hudson

The rough draft ofa proposttl for a
SUNYA women‘s health care center
which would be run independent of
the existing on-campns
contraceptive clinic has been
submitted to Dean for Student
Affairs Neil Brown. according to SA
Vice President Kathy liaron.

The new center would take over
the responsibilities of the SUNYA
contraceptive clinic currently run by
Albany Medical Center and would
provide comprehensive sexually-
orientated health care and counseling.
according to Baron. who worked
extensively on the proposal.

The rough draft has been
submitted to Brown so that he may
attempt to procure funding for the
project from the SUNYA budget.
The approximate total cost of the
program is $32,000. according to
Baron. "Alternative methods of
funding will ltavc to be looked into if

of the semester. accordtngto l’ipkin.

“Thcrc is some concern about lost
lab time, and faculty and teaching
assistant time. ul‘ '- thlllticllldftlph
a course latc l' n .- ~cttttstcr." l’tpktn
said. “I think lillh is a lllllltll'll)
opinion. though."

Senate Chair Donald Bishko. who
said he was speaking as a faculty
member and ttot as Senate Chair.
said he is strongly in favor ol
rcducittg the course withdrawal
deadline He called the present
policy “a disservice to students who
work hard."

When students who are
anticipating a low grade withdraw
frotn a course late in the tertn,
Bishko said. one of two things
happens. If the instrttctor is curving
the grades in the course. those
students who remain in the class will
have their grades lowered. If the
instructor does not curve the class
grades. he said. the result appears to
outside employers as grade inﬂation.

continued on page four

     
  
   

            
 
    

    

 

    
  
 

 

       

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
     
 

Department of Publle Satoty Assistant Director John

are/scam ‘

'iisnigansdd

there are still enough parking spaces despite snow in parking lots.

"Everyone has to sufferduringthe
winter months." Whittam said. “The
studcttts are just going to have to
park in the furthest rows. They're
going to have to takcitfora while.“

Williams said he does not know
ltow tltc appeals will be decided.

According to Whittam. about 60
per cent of appeals are in the
students" favor. He added that
appeals being filed now will not be
reviewed for sometime. because the

the university can‘t fund it.“ she said.

“i asked her to submit a rough

draft this week so that it could be
looked into before the April first
fiscal drive“ said Brown. "i haven‘t
given it much thought yet."

Clinic Inadequate

Baron said the contraceptive clinic
at tltc infirmary is inadequate
because it is only concerned with
birth control. and ttot a wide
spectrum of sexually-related
problems. The $l7.50 first-visit
charge may also be proltibitivc to
some students. she said.

The rough draft calls for the new
center to be open four days a week,
have a full-time director. and either
one doctor on duty part time or two
doctors each scrvirtg quarter time
intervals. it would offer
contraceptive counseling. sexual
awareness education. and
gynecological care at a much lower
cost than that currently charged by
the infirmttry. According to Baron.
S UN YA‘s rates are the highest iii the
SUNY \‘kle‘in.

i In ptoposal recommends that
students be trained to provide basic
counseling. and that a Board of

UNI
Some SUNYA ioculty are concerned that the current course

committee is a month behind
schedule.

“We're presently reviewing
appeals from mid-January." he said.

Despite the numerous parking
violations. Kopf said that little
towing has occurred thus far. He
added that most of the students who
have been ticketed recently are
“scofflaWs who have been getting
tickets on campus for the past four
years.“

Women’s Health Clinic Preposed

Directors with a 40 per cent student
membership be credited to oversee
the program.

According to Baron. Director of
Health Services Janet Hood had
been consulted for information but
has not worked on developing the
proposal. "I think there is a
difference in philosopltics in what a
clinic should and should not provide
for students" said Baron.

A survey was taken last semester
by the group which worked on the
health care proposal and of the l30
responses received. 97 per cent
indicated they would go to an on-
campus health care center if it
provided more service than the
current one does.

“They just don't know how much
they have or how lucky they are" said
Hood. “We do provide a clinic ol'thc
highest quality.“

According to Hood. “the current
contraceptive clinic provides 95 per
cent of what they want."

“It's not a question of fulﬁlling all
tltc needs on campus" said Hood.
“Many students don't want to go to
an on-campus clinic. they‘re worried

continued on page ﬁve

     

WWW“

withdrawal deadline mtght contribute to wasted teaching time.
according to committee on Academic Standing Chair John Pipkin.

ALBANY - INDINT PRIDE

 

PAGI THREE

  

3:,‘,.,-,.t.4..‘

l
o
la.

 

 

vi

 

      

>v~z¢p>

 

 

