-.v_-_~.‘ . L . .

«v

M

 

 

 

 

 

   
  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

man.

A Day In The Death

By Larry Marks

It has recently occurred to me that there is
little more SUNYA can offer me. At a period
in my life when intellectual and social growth
should be spiraling, | and many others have
apparently stumbled upon a dead end. The
problem goes beyond the fact that our august
university is located in Albany, New York. l
spent the past summer in Albany, and though
Capitaland is not the glamorous cosmopolitan
area that some would like to be, t was not then
looking into the vacuum which I now see in
front of me. Here are a few examples:

My first class of the day is a political science
course. I have yet to determine thevalue and
purpose of any political science course I have
taken at this school. The professor, though an
articulate lecturer, has never worked or held a
position in the political world. I do not know
ltow this person can expect to enlighten
students as to the intracacies of modern-day
American pblitics. The student next to me,
who happens to be wearing Frye boots, has
just aggressively raised his hand for the tenth
ti the today and is about to provide us with his
usual over-analysis of a non-problem which
tlte professor keeps insisting is a problem. The
professor really likes this student though. and
will undoubtedly write him a terrific
recommendation for law school, which is the
place where ntost of the students in this class
will end up.

I guess the prospects of going to law school
are ttot that bleak when I consider the
alternatives sotne ofnry friends are facing. The
business majors will soon join mammoth
corporations such as IBM, and will become
good company persons who are physically arid
mentally indistinguishable from their
thousands and thousands of fellow workers.
llte chemistry and biology majors, whom I
rarely see, are doggedly competing against
each other for those few positions offered by

 

medical schools. Those students that don't
succeed will try for dental, optometry, or
podiatryschooland so on dowa theline.Some
day each one will be able to call himself or
herself“l)octor"and make lotsof money. And
then there are my psychology major
acquaintances. Soon they will be unemployed.
As I consider this, the class ends, and the
garrulous law student of the future captures
the professor at the front of the class to
continue his tirade on a more personal level. I
decide to escape to the library with the class
text and read up on all I have missed in the
past fifty minutes.

lime, in a strategically located position on
the podium,sits SUNYA's veryownentrantto
the Miss America beauty pageant. As I pass
her I can barely spot her golden hair glistening
in the'Scptcmber sun. for she is surrounded by
a dozen terribly good looking and ambitious
guys, each wondering if he might be the
fortunate recipient of her fabulous company
that evening a date the details of which
would surely impress girlfends. buddies and
grandchildren of the future.

I soon find myself seated in my favorite
ctrbicle. tucked away iii a corner somewhere
up on the third floor of the library. After
twenty minutes ol staring at the words on page
one of the politicalsciencc text. the realization
finally hits me. That buzzing of the liglttsl
lhat goddarnu buzzing of tlte lights! ‘l‘hat
bur/.ing ofthe lights which tormented the for
over three years is actually a message being
broadcast on a very. very low frequency. It has
takett me tltosc three years to do it, but 1 have
finally succeeded in translating this low-
ll'CtlllCllUy message. which ltas previously only
expressed ilscll to my subconscious. 'l'he
Ill ge is now coming through loud and
clear. It is saying to rttc. and to all of us'.
"(‘orttpete. (.‘otnpete. Compete...

 

 

 

 
 

.Student Security

To the Edltor: .
Last Thursday l received a call from Jill

Sussman from the ASP. She informed methat
she was doing research on an article on the
Student Security funding problem. We
conducted the interview over the telephonein
which a number oftopics were discussed. One
topic was in reference to a conversationl had
had with an "inﬂuential member of Central
Council". The conversation had been a private
one, and even though this "member"didn‘t say
anything about the “conﬁdentiality” of the
conversation, I felt a responsibility towards
not revealing his/her identity (from here onin
this person will be refered to as “XT‘). Jill
Sussman was very understanding and let it go
at that.

Monday night I received a call from Jill
Haber, News Editor ofthe ASP.She had been
confused as to what I had told Jill Sussman.
Ms. Haber became indignant at the fact that I
would not change my mind and threatened not
to print the article. I called her bluff knowing
that it was a newsworthy item and that it
would have to be printed. She outsmarted me
and arranged to have the article printed with a
few deletions (ie. everything I had said to the
reporter).

What has occurred here was prejudicial
editing. Rather than sticking with priority
one. that is reporting the news. she allowed a
personal affront to upset her good journalistic
sense. It seems ironic when reporters aregoing
to jail to protect the confidentiality of their
sources. that the editor ofthe ASl’“punished"
tire for sticking to the same principle. it is
shoddy journalism and itshould be stoppcdll

For the good of the student body I would
like to inform them as to what was left out.

the funding of Student Security has been
bogged down since its original inception. One
option for the funding was through Central
Council. i.e. the S.A. tax (the $70.00 a year
everyone pays). In discussittgthis option with
 l was informed that it would be atough
light and that she/he would use the power of
that office to keep it from happening.
Although I disagreed with the point of view
there was sortie basis for it. The position put
forth was that security is the obligation ofthe
State and the Administration. Students
should not be burdened with financing their
security at Albany. A sound philosophical

point but counter-productive to progress. The
Administration. Department of Public Safety,
and Student Association appear to be nixing
every form of ﬁnancing, and in the meantime
no student security emerges. Who suffers? 'l’lte
st udents. S.A. could nick up the tab for aslrort
period while other avenues are explored. but
at least a student security would emerge for

ow.

This is not the only anSWer but it could be
met with a slightly more receptiVe attitude
from Central Council. The real problem in
getting Student Security funding is a lack of
cohesiveness and support among the various
participants in Student Association,
Administration, and Public Safety.

Douglas Freddmttn
Chairperson,

Committee to Reactivate
Student Patrol

Editor‘s Note: In order to imure that thit-
newspaper is providing the must (ll‘t‘llrult‘
information possible, it has heart {I long
standing policy not to print articles quoting
anonymous sources unless they are krtmt-n to
either the reporter or the editor. 'I‘ht‘i Li a
policy widely used by newspapers seeking to
protect both the reporter and the papr'r from
possible libel suits, and the reader [mm
misinformation. Theuditorio/stq/fo/tlrr .AtSI’
support: Ms. Ilabur‘s actions as proper nhen
dealing with a lobby group such to the
Committee to Rl‘tlt'lll'llli‘ Student I’rrtrol.

Pinball Conspiracy

To the Editor:

in Friday, Sept. 8. 1978 edition ol llie.-lSl'
there was asrnall article expousingtlte benefits
of our newly received pinball machines. IilL\
all very well and good to hear sincel ttnl one ol
many pinball addicts on this campus.

Wltat l' found disquieting about lire
lcaturette is that it didn't tell the whole stitl‘)‘.
While it expoused the virtues of file new
pinball machines‘ sounds, lights, and designs.
it didn‘t add an obvious disclaimer: iilL' nun
machines consume quarters twice as first

The article roughtly stated that the Hell
machines, along with the existing machines,
are a better deal than the machines at :t local
bar or pub because they give two [rims for it

 

 

. FEIFFER

 

 

 

goiter. awn Tl

  

vow
lA/GA— W”

ZAllPEﬁ'EWL d
0M? OEOCCO

COBAllSl
THEY
SgOUW

3
/ 5MPPED.’
.J/g/x

 

 

 

 

- .......»...-_..

 

 

 

 

H”. “ r‘o-I-t ......
- ‘ ~M¢h~v w...

\

antenna... as":  I. .. ;- ~A.‘.—-‘4—»«r‘3 .1;L..:";;.c~v, ,

 

 

 

 

_ , In this Issue.
 on ln-depth look at:
the Lurk Tavern.

 

at Marin:
ill ’r‘ﬂPﬂll

“A chabfais , please."
“Up or on the rocks?”
“A glass, please."
“UP or ON THE ROCKS?”

“Oh, oh no rocks, thanks...er,up.”

 

“emote

1 '(Photo: Laura Vlccusl)

 

 

 

    

   

an Interview with

  
  
 
  
  
  
   

  
 

 Morin/th

   
    

  

'. ,SIIN’III'I Musk

  

 

CAN 86 ALL
THAT\ §ERlOUS.

I All DOT T [06

ABOUT cud/€55. lﬁgiﬂl was”???
I AM TALKlMCD' PLAcgc‘JTy
ABOT : CH. /

   

 

 

 

g:

' .e - ,
x(Phat . Scott Areman)

 

 

 

' you...’ - v.-.

 

