mam-mmmwm

7.

 

 

 

 

.........-..............................................-;:v::Y:::

 

  

rm...“ mm. m”! M. "—3 ____, gm“.

“my-«MAS.— mmmimiW—Iﬂqv::
 . ......_‘......,...._...._...

bomrnvs ...r . ..

 

 

r 

 Attempts Comeback

NEW DELHI, INDIA. (AP)A backwat‘er district in
southern India is getting a taste of rough-and-tumble. big;
city politics as lndlra Ghandi makes her strongest bid for a
political comeback_since he was toppled as prime minister
[8 months ago. Never have the plantation worker of
Chikmagalur district l.l00 miles soulth of here. been
courted by so many national politicians and media people.
Name-calling and rumors ofplanned violence and massive
druggings are spicing up the campaign for the Nov. 5
parliamentary by-election in which Mrs. Ghandi. 60,
started out as the leading candidate. Mrs. Ghandi‘s
successor. Prime Minister Morarji Desai. has stayed out of
the campaign, but leaders of his Janata Party are
determined to defeat the former prime minister in what
had been regarded as a safe district for her. Now it looks
close. it is her first personal bid for election since the
Janatas swept her Congress Party from power and she lost
her won seat in Parliament in March. I977.

Russia Gives Cuba Fighters

WASHINGTON (AP) For the first time. Russia
reportedly has given Cuba advanced high-speed MiG-23
jet lighters. The acquisition of MiG-23s substantially
upgrades Cuba‘sraiij defense force. which Until now has
been equipped-chiefly with less sophisticated MiG-21s and
other. older MiGs. Some types of the MiG-23 “Flogger”
are believed by U.S. intelligence officials to be capable of
firing tactical nuclear weapons as well as conventional
arms on ground-attack missions. It could not be learned
whether the new jets sent to Cuba are designed for ground
attack as well as for rrir-to-air combat. Intelligence sources.
who declined to he named. said an estimated iii to 20
MiG-235 arrived in Cuba earlier this month aboard a
Soviet freighter. liiat many planes would comprise about
a squadron. lhe aircraft were disassembled in crates and it
was not until they Were I observed flying that US.
intelligence tdentiiied them as MiG-23 among several
newer types of Soviet warplanes which he told Congresi.

 

 sighs. briefs

“have substantially better ranges and payloads than their

predecessors."

Firewood Supply in Danger

JAKARTA, INDONESIA (AP) A dwindling supply of
firewood is colliding with an increasing demand for it in

l'hird World nations. and the World Forestry Congress
meeting here predicts no immediate relief for what it calls
“the poor man's energy crisis." Struggling na‘ons liken
their plight to the industrial world's oil shortagm. flat in
this case it‘s not a matter of keeping cars running or lights
buring. but staying warm and cooking food.. Edward
Asoumna. director-general of the U.N. Food and
Agriculture Agriculture Organization. said l.5 billion
people depend on wood for cooking, heating and hot
water. He said some must travel as far as 60 miles for it
and conserve'it by eating only one cooked meal a day. “
The use of fossil fuels is far too costly for the poor. Future
alternatives such as solar energy . . . will not be available
for many yeats to come. Shortages of fueIWood are already
severe in many countries rind are going to get worse." he
said.

  in Las  about my personal income." Duryea replied. i

LAS VEGAS. NEV. (AP) A wealth couple. their nerves
shredded by days of silence from their 6-year old son's
kidnapper. added it tearful plea to it 50.000 dollar reward
ollcr lor the boy's safe return. “We beg you. please don't
hurt ltim. we haven't seen him in so many days." Marilyn
Saycgh. the child's mother. sobbcd Sundin as she stood in
front of her rambling. two~story home in if fashionable
neighborhood about a mile west of the Las Vegas Strip.

“Please don't hurt him and we'll do anything.“ she.
pleaded. "l’leasejust let him come ironic. He‘s so little. . .

Carey Sayegh disappeared from the playground of Albert
Einstein llebrcw School last Wednesday about noon. “to
family since has recieved only one telephone call from his
abductor. said Fill spokesman Bill Jansen. the call

came about three hours after the child disappeared. the
kidnapper demanded 500.000 dollars and said instructions

j .

on how the money was to be delivered would follow in a
call at “midday Friday.“ Jansen said. "As of this time. no
additional telephone calls have been received and the boy
is still missing." he said.

Carey and Duryea Bicken'ng

NEW YORK (AP) As the gubernatorial campaign enicn
its final week. Gov. Hugh Carey and Republican
challenger l’erry Duryea are still bickering with each other
over their financial practices and credibility with the
voters. Carey declared during a debate with Duryea on
WCBS-‘l'V on Sunday that Duryea has paid such low
taxes that he “must be taking advantages of loopholes."
He renewed his call for Duryea to make public his tax
returns for the past five years. Duryea. for his part. again
asserted that there Were irregularities in the financing of
Democrat Carey‘s l974 campaign. and said he would
release his tax returns only if Carey owned up to those.
“Everything is a matter of public record.“ said Corey. "I‘ve
made lull disclosure. Why hasn't be?" “If the man's if
millionaire rind he‘s paying only l2.000 dollars ill federal
and state tuxes.he must be taking advantage oi loopholes."
“‘l am tired of having the governor make devious charges ‘

Leon Spinlcs in Trouble Again

ELYRIA, (""0 (Al’) fix-boxing champ Leon Spoil.» has
been having trouble with his fancy cars til lillt‘. He got
ticketed alter slamming his new Corvette through it lcoce.
had his Cadillac stolen and then wrecked the ('oiicttc
tlgitlll over the weekend. Spinks was supposed to appear ill
court Monday to answer a charge of failure to control in
motor vehicle. lie was granted a delay until \m (r.
however. and he is free on 50 dollars bond. illill tli.tigc
came about when Spinks and his $13,000 silver ( tii\L‘llL‘
went bitrreliitg through a fence in lilyriri. near (‘lt-iclztriil. i

r

i

l

 

 

two days after he bought the car. He told police hc irnl

control oi the car because lie wasn't used to drivmg it.
i

 

 

 

SUNYA student Bill Sobsl ls directing a SASU radio
network for up-tc-ths-mlnuta election night coverage.

Live From New Yorlt

A network of student radio stations will cover this year's
elections. with SUNYA's WCDB as the base of operations,
according to Network Executive Producer lliil Sohel.

lhe New York State Strident Raido Netweork
(NYSSRN) is being formed in conjunction with SASU and
will involve about six other schools.

About eight NYSSRN reporters. including five from
WCl)ll. Will be stationed in New York City at Carey
Headquarters in the Statlerﬂiilton and at Duryea
headquarters in the New York Hilton. the network will
offer gubernatorial returns as well as local outcomes for
about five minutes every hall-hour.

"We're hiivrng phone lines installed at both hotels for
immediate coverage.“ said Sohcl. "'l‘hey'll be installed on

 

PAGE TWO

    

Monday the sixth. and used lucsduy the seventh. and

removed Wednesday the eighth. each costing ti minimum liiursdays from 3:45 to 5:00 pm. i
-ol $l00. it's otir most expensive cost."

Sobel said that ilcthil'k membership will cost schools
under $45 apiece.

l‘ormer News Dirccotr oi SUCJiullnlos‘s station.
WSCil. lIoWIc Cartoon. will anchor the
WCI)li's News and Public Affairs Director Mark

Shilling Will coordinate electtoti night coverage. Shilling
said there Will be two WCl)li reports at each headquarters
and possibly an additional roving reporter.

.

One for the Ski Slopes

Students may receive one physical education credit for
skiing once at week this spring semester through the
SUNYA-Wcst Mountain Ski Program.

lhe six week session which firsts from Jrin.2‘) to Mar. 7.
allows students to ski one night per week. Monday.
l'uesday. or Wednesday from 6:00 to [1:00pm. instruction
is available for all levels of expertise and proces vary
depending on wlitlier eqmpment is rented. More
information o l registration and payment is available at the
Phys. izd. i:l)ept.. the SA office. and at tables in the
Campus Center.

According to coordinator of the program Debbie
Cohen. 350 students participated in the program last year.

Cohen said students should preregister lor the course
during the normal preregistration period which began
yesterday and continties through Nov.20. 'i'licy may pick
tip permission oi instructor cards at l’li 24f. Monday
through Friday 9:00 am to 4:00 pm.

Fbod for Thought

Complain abriiit UAS food Ititcly‘! l’crhiips realizing that
three quarters oi the world‘s popiilatron is malnourished
wrll change oric's perspective. According to Professor
Margaret Stewart. coordinator oi ati interdisciplinary
course lhe World Food Crisis. providing enough luoti is
"one oi the most severe problems lacing the earth today.“

lite course will he offered spring semester location .Illtl
Stewart said the course was created when omit-ho 
requested that ii chiss be developed on the “(Hill's food 
problem three years ago and hits been offered SC\L'lJli thou» i
since their. ,

Professors iroiii several academic disciplines \\|ii (Until
lhe course's official name is Uni 3ft). illlti it‘s llliL'litit'ti for 
tippcr division students. although lower division sloth-noy
may sign tip for the prisslliiil graded \th
permission of instructor cards. available from I'ltilt'wril‘
Stewart in Biology 2l5. l‘wo exams and a term paper will
be required. ,

SUNYA Crime Rate Up v

Crime this September is up 20 percent C(llllplilt’tl to LN
year. according to n University Police Monthly Mimi)
Report for September. released recently.

In addition to standard police fare. however. is thc
report that two separate complaints were lliL'ti about hots
being found in dorm rooms. While students suggested to
the responding officers that the bats be disposed of mill in
caliber revolvers. the officers opted for using a broom. ilic
tits were taken to the State Health Department to he
examined for rabies htit were given it clean bill oi health

Technical Difﬁculties 

lhrs issue of the Albany Student Press may look it bit
different to readers that's because the lypcxcllllltl
machine. affectionately known to the ASP as llico. limit“
dowti over the weekend and couldn't get repaired I“ “"‘l'
for this issue. Hence, the btilk of the ASP Wits typeset til
the Jewrsh World ill Sclieiiiictndy last night. Atitililtiliili
typesetting was drinc on the Strident Association ioaichiiics.
the ASP would like it) thank both both Shin ('icvt‘tisull ill
the .lewrsh Not-Id \‘i aid and SA President Paul l-cldIHil“
for helping this new .paper tot iii to. piiiclt.

lhe ASP has no intention of becoming the 55"
(Scheooctiidy Student Press). so the typesetting “WW”
Will be operating on lhco wthis week iii hopes of itvlllilb'
poor devrl out of his comatose state.

Cttlil \t'

 

3'

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 [sumya news briefs)“ )

 

OCTOBER 31. 197“

 

 

 

SASU Asks Tax Ceiling Raise

by Charles Bell

SUNY student leaders are
waiting for the word from SUNY
Chancellor Clifton Wharton which
would make possible an increase of
the student activity fee to as much
as |00 dollars per year.

The current fee ceiling is 70
dollars per year. and Student
Association of the State University
(SASU) Executive Vice President
Ed Rothstcin said that higher fee
ceiling is necessary for the many
financially hard-pressed student
associations in the SUNY system.

“Many campuses have strung out
their activity budgets to the final
dollar; and cuts have already been
made.“ said Rothstein in explaining
the need for the ceiling increase. .

“Enrollment at some campuses
has been declining. and that means
less money." said Rothstcin. “Costs
have been going up. and unless
student associations can raise the
activity fee. there will have to be
more cutbacks."

l'he fee. which supplies SUNY
student associations with their
funds. is a mandatory tax paid by
all full-time undergraduates.
Rothstein said that tnost student
associations already charge
students the lull 70 dollars per year.

He went on the say that the
Student ‘Assembly. a SUNY body
oi student representatives which

 

works closely with— SASU. voted
last spring in favor of an increase in
the ceiling.

“At that. time Chancellor
Wharton indicated that he would
approve the ceiling increase if the
Student Assembly favored the
proposal.“ said said Rothstien. but
he added that the Chancellor has
yet to act on it. '

SUNY Vice Chancellor for
Student Affairs Ronald Bristow
said that the Chancellor “wants to
consider all the aspects of the
student activity fee before he gives
his approval to the increase."

Bristow said that SUNY's
Council of College Presidents has
expressed concern over the

_“stability of funding" for various
campus activities in SUNY.

He explained that occasionally
student associations have
undertaken the funding of
traditionally academically financed
programs such as theater. music.
forensics and art galleries.

"lhere have been many
discussions about the problems
with these changes in funding.“ said
Bristow. “and the presidents are
concerned that in the future there
would be stability and continuity.“

Rothstien said that student

associations will have the option to
raise their activity fees once the
ceiling is increased. the large jump
from 70 dollars to IOU dollars per

UAS expects to lose close to $3.000 this year because of students
who pass bad checks at the Check Cashing window. (Photo: UPS)

Writing Workshop in Second Year

by Wendy Greenfield

lhe Writing Workshop. in its
second year. is attempting to
improve students' writing skills.
according to Associate tingliin
Professor Barbara Kolundo. lhe
workshop IS funded by the ltnglisli
Department.

Ilic workshop aids people who
have problems with writing style.
orgarii/ittion of ideas. mechanics.
and idiomatic linglisli.

"All Work we do is one to one."
said Rotundo. "Our aim is to help
people to write better." All students
are welcome. according to staff
member Steve North. a graduate
student. “lhe workshop is not for
remedial students only.“ said
North. "People who attend liiL'
workshop include faculty members.
non~ native speakers. and graduate
students."

lhe Writing Workshop is part of
a trend which has seen Willng labs

OCTOBER 31, 1978

and workshops begun all over the
country. Over the last three years
SUNYA has set up more courses
geared toward writing. “there was
ii lot of talk about the decline of
writing skills. it looked as though
we should start it workshop." said
Rotuiido. An ad hoc committee
on writing composed of students
and teachers lroiri the university
recommended extended use of the
Writing Lab. according to
Rotiiiido.

“()ur main concern is the writing
process.’ said North. He explained
that this view sees writing as
discovery. learning. and fluency.
not primarily mechanics and usage.
"We use flit: talk-write rtietliod by
which we talk about the person's
writing problem mid then he
practices writing." stud North.
i‘PttIICISL‘S also used. “livery
person in different." said
ltolirntio,"Somc people need help

 

iII’C

association

"With

year was approved by Student
Assembly
ample leeway for fee increases over
the next several year."Rothstein
said.

in. order to provide

“I doubt that any student
would immediately
raise the fee by any more than five
or ten dollars.“ said Rothstein.
the extra 30 dollars.
however. we won’f have to go back
to the Chancellor every time
student associations want to
increase the fee."

He added that the
Assembly recommended

Student
that

campus student associations hold

referendums on the issue before
raising the fee.
While other SUNY campuses are
feeling the pinch. SUNYA‘s budget
remains sound, according to
Central Council Finance
Committee Chair Steve Coplon.
“Right now we have enough
money in our budget. in fact. We
have a surplus." said Coplon.
Ibis year SUNYA's tax fee was
raised to the maximum 70 dollars.

 

SASU Executive Vlcs President Ed Rothstsln has strongly supported
the movo to raise the student tax calling from $10 to $100. (Photo UPS)

and Coplon said that he didn‘t
foresee it being necessary to raise
the lee next year.

l’his year SUNYA's tax fee was

raised to the’maximum 70 dollars.
and Coplon said that he didn‘t
forsee it being necessay to raise the
the tee next year.

UAS Faces Check Cashing Loss.

by M..l. Memmott
and Steve Oster

University Auxiliary Services
(UAS) expects to be faced with
H.000 dollars in bad checks this
year. according to UAS General
Manager Ii. Norbert Zahm Out of
that amount. Zahm said that UAS
“writes off" about 3.000 dollars as
lost funds.

Up until a few years ago. the
total amount of bad checks
amounted to only a quarier of the
present figure. Zahm said. “I guess
the money situatuion is tighter
these days. with the cost of books,
food, and rent going up every

year." said Zahm. “l'hat may
explain why the figure has risen so
dramatically."

When a check is returned to
UAS because of insufficient funds.
the usual procedure followed to to
redeposit it immediately. The
reason for this. Zahm said. is
because in many cases the student
involved has not committed an
intentional error.

"Most students keep their
checking accounts in a hometown
bank,“ Zahm said. “If mom doesn't
deposit some money in it when she
promised she would. the student is

organizing. others are given
exercises, sometimes made up for
that particular student."

“there are about twenty-live
students who attend semi-
regularly." said North. lie conducts
about six meetings over a three
week period. "On the average a
student comes two to three times a
week for an hour." he said.

“We help students with letters of
applications, job interviews. and
law ripplications.“ said Rotundo.
there will also be ii mini—course for
the LSA'I'S given in December.
February rind April of this school
year.

According to both Rotunda and_

INorth there have been no big
changes in the workshop since last
year. except that enrollment is no
longer limited. “Last year students
had to be referred to us by their
teachers. this year anyone can come

Continued on Page 4

caught short. l‘he problem is often
cleared up when we redeposit it. it
gives them some time to get the
money in their account."

Should the check be returned
again because of insuffiecient
funds. UAS will notify the student
by letter. Zahm added that the
bank involved should also send the
person a notice.

if UAS gets no response after
three weeks. the student will be
referred to the Student Judicial
Board. “If that doesn‘t work. then
we‘ve got three options." Zahm
said.

“One would be to refer the case
to a collection agency. Another
would involve using our own
lawyers to work on the case. The
last measure would be to call in the
University Police." Zahm said.

At this time. “eight or nine"
arrest warrants are pending on
students because of bad checks
Zahm said. He added that if a
student has a habit of cashing bad
checks. UAS will immediately
forward his name to the University

“We also put out a computer list
two times a month of names of
people whose checks we won‘t
cash." Zahm said. He went on to

   

The English Department's Writing Workshop is In Its second year of

say that the list now totals
approximately 500 names.

People have gone to jail for
cashing bad checks at SUNYA.
according to Zahm. and often by
the time UAS catches up with them
they‘ve already landed there. “We'll
find them in the Albany County
jail. sitting there because of bad
checks cashed at Sears or Macys."
Zahm said.

University Police Director Jim
Williams said that his department
makes “about a dozen" arrests each
vear. all in response to UAS
requests.

He explained that two types of
check fraud are primarily
encountered. the first. which
involves checks written against
non-existent or closed accounts. he
called are pretty straightforward
evidence of intentional fraud.“ .

The other type. checks written'
against accounts holding
insufficient funds. account for most
of the cases. and Williams said that
intent is often extremely difficult to
prove in court.

"Everybody makes a mistake
now and then," he said. “Normally.
we simply contact the person

involved and payment is made.”

oporallon and claims a good rate of success. (Photo: Carolyn Sedgwlck)

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAC. .. THREE

 

