 
     

 

“V

 

V'_‘ 

 New andImproved!

Attention all SUN YA bus riders.

Bus Liaison Committee member Davr Gross has
announced two important changes in shuttle bus procedure:

IThe buses will be picking up students in front of the
Trailways station downtown. not in front of SUNY Central
as was previously done. Take heed holiday returnees.

ODrivers will periodically be checking for validated
SUNYA lD‘s in order to keep non-SUNYA riders off the
bus. Be prepared.

Wanna Hustle?

Those of you afﬂicted with that “Saturday Night Fever"
will be relieved to know that help is on the way. courtesy of
the Rat.

On Monday. Oct. 2. from 8-1 I pm. Disco Night at The Rat
will send driving beats reverberating through the Campus
center. according to Rat Entertainment Manager Paul
Arnold. The idea. suggested by two SUNYA students
represents a new idea for diversity during the week.

After its Monday night debut. subsequent Disco Nights
will be field on Tuesday evenings—the exact time has yet to
be determined.

To The Polls

All those intending to exercise their right to vote this year.
and who don‘t plan on being home come Nov. 7. should be
advised that the deadline for mailing in applications for
absentee ballots is Oct. 3i.

   'l'lie ballots themselves must be received by the boiird of
elections before the polls close on Nov. 7. .

Swarms of beaming parents descended upon the SUNYA Many off-campus students spend much time in the county '
cainpustliis past weekend to mingle amongthe columnsand of Albany and are greatly influenced by its laws. If you 
mkc in n b“ of “cudcmm considerit worthwhile.you bavethe righttoregisteriind vote

Parents‘ Weekend. an annual SUNYA event at which the in Albany County elections.
university hosts two days of activities for proud parents and
their doctors-and-lawyers-to-be. was again a success.

Amongthc festivities were seminars. music. a branch with
President O'Leary. and wine and cheese in the art gallery.
Highlighting the event was George Plimpton‘s Saturday
night talk in the gym.

  

usion about the letter small plane ﬂown by a student pilot yesterday. and both
-' 'd at least I40 persons were killed in the worst air
acc‘rds yesterday after the parliament expelled a militant has never been found. officials sai
who kept interrupting him. “Stop cheating the nation!”
dropped onto rooftops and into streets. The neighborhood‘s
5' ' DC '1 ‘ xchanse {Of Fame With EBYDI Bettm tried WAsmNGTONlAP) Pmidm‘ Cane” embnmcd energy with garden hoses. The Federal Aviation Administration
mm are in e _ . . .
shouting: “I request the right to defendthe land of Israel from mom ‘
ht compromise on the natural-gas person aboard the small plane. a Cessna I50. according to i
- a v I . c 1
Cohen should be removed for disturbing the proceeding. 6 measure by authorities a at
price controls from most natural gas b l
I and me same attention-grabbing pictures that
accords Sunday by the Cabinet and the chief opposition people remembers-says
u look the peninsula from Egypt in the 1967 Amb'lsme“ with pictures.“ The price is nowSl.50. making Life no longer
WASHINGTON (AP) Secretary of State Cyrus Vance
. . 0
camp BM WWW CarterRecewes Report Card
accords. That assessment was afar cry fromthe ringing send-
“failure” on a list of five
. . . . . [h ‘ .
an imposter who either framed him or helped him in e hopes and dreams 0mm people ofthe Midd‘e Easmvnncc’ major economic Po
bl the most damning of all. the future being their
studied 43 samples purportedly written by Oswald and ‘ h h [for four hours wnh ‘1 Y
WM sunduy m Damascus. w en E mc made too many footprints on it. Uncertainty undermines
H.L. Hunt. lt bore theOswald signature.The letter asked for I Withdrawal from territories occupied in 1967' Association of Economists: Uncertainty is an anathema.
Surprisel
sinks; a quick check of the stalls reveals similar
Bob Clifford. Assistant Manager at the Rat. said that
—Steve Oster
wall. We had costly ﬂooding damage a few times."

i , i ' o
i . ' ‘ discuss the matter fully before any stepsare taken me 2;   m w
  t0  anyone elsey Conspiracy theorists say the letter potn 0 GO (AP) A Boeing 7.27th comded Macho“ with a
JERUSALEM “(AP)- Prim Minis” Mcmchcﬂ B98“) analysts'could reach no firm conclhotocopyi'fhe original planes crashed in ﬂaming fragments into a residential area.
' ' ' ' ‘ he Paciﬁc 1
. . . . . - l r m 11.5, history. Burning debris from t 7
defender or Jewmh “momma mime Wupwd'mmoms ‘ " giizih‘ivest Airlines jet. ignited at least nine wood frame
' o
shouted fiery Geula Cohen. a member of Begin's own party    
IWh-o demanded um he “Sign became or his agreement a! mostly elderly residents tried frantically to douse the ﬂames
‘ ' ' ' - SA Flight I82 from
- ‘ ' ' " ama ars headed for its first congressional Victory in mud a“ 136 persons aboard me crowded p
88m" m “an hm Speed“ and “Sam M“. cahen interrupted, Proyhs as  House and Senate wadethrough busy aBendaS Sacramento were killed in the 9:03 am. PDT tragedy. Also 
- - ~ n ~ - ’ ‘ ,in hopes of finishing th
the prime minister. Begin shook his head and muttered. .oppomn“ on hurdhug .
’oint command post near the stte.
- ttodayto try to scuttleth .
v it a me “me make one more attemp . . .
re'sp'e‘il ‘lhcrti‘liaesislﬂwl’i‘itlei fiulirilng‘ii‘i: urtiseifherpeac‘i: nor returning I! 10 c°mmm‘°' B‘" ",“y °°“,°°d° “ I?“ be :2 . Llfe   
mints ers P P i . f the bill—which wou remo .NEW YORK (AP) A rcincnmmed Lie magnum wem on
the chamber. The deputies vote tomorrowon the agreements . vc me measure on s“
- - -' - i w have more thanenough votes to appro
Begin. reached With Egyptian President Anwar Sadat. M d l .m. EDT vote tomorrow. The Hausa has no. Pages “dc”. Bum “will net bathe Life
a schedule p ' .

- 1 that Ralph Graves,managingeditor
puny Resin and Sad.“ ﬂuted to conclude a Peace "any gas-pricing bill with other admilnistrptton energy proposa s or the earner magazine and now a corpofme' editor.
within three months if the Knesset agreed to disband the “"d W,“ ‘he "Muse 0“ n “We V° c' Managing editor phiiip Kunhardt says the main thing that

' ' ' -‘ ' kage of pictures for a dime." as
War. An affirmative vote in the Knesset Will clear the way for me blues. and best pm; .
rim“ “980mlle ‘0 end 30 Yea” or war and uneasy “"95 creator Henry Luce boasted when it ﬁrst appeared at new
returned home yesterday. conceding that his five-day
~ Mideast trip had produced no tangible results in Prestdcnt
. . , ‘ ' d t 'bl-re on
Hde"""” W“ 0m” s NErr“:<steadiness;trims...
' ' ‘ ‘ 'v dfrom Carter. who toldacheeringjointsession car . rom e
WASHINGTON (AP) Handwriting analyats found no :jlgzlr‘cgiilsscmst week mm he was sending VMCC to Arab mccung m New on”
licy issues, and on top of that said his
. ~ - i ' t h F.‘ Kennned . the House . ' . ‘ . d d uuncmuim .._w“ it
“SS-minniiqn'doiiiraiit: wit: igld yesterday.yHandwritlng who visited the heads of state in Jordan. Saudi Arabia and Leonotltlc COﬂdUCl PTO “CC 3/
“558mm mm 6 Syria. must now report back to Carterthat it is not gomg to 000mm
determined that all but one “were written by one and the V ~
- - - n - ' ' ‘ A sad. Assad. a leader in the so _
same indiVidual. The exception. McNally testiﬁed. was a  P::;g::iit()3;fezFr:nl has called me accords planning. explained Albert Mammorm‘ Armstrong cork
‘ in delivering the Views of the National
anormation concerning my position“ and suggested "we
story. “Ya don‘t buy beer, ya rent itl"), so you casually“
You‘re staring at what appears to be a Nazi war
eiimeAShecr devastation. Sealed pipe stems
destruction. \ I ‘
Whose fault? Unfortunately the student .
“over the past two semesters they [the students]
systematically took it apart piece by piece...they literally
Bartender Ron Sandgrund agrees. “I think it's
disgusting...typical SUNYtrasb [sic] actions."

assassination plot against ,Kennedy. McNally said the SAN DIE
opened the Israeli Knesset‘sdebate on the Camp David pence .writcr because of the fuzziness of the p
houses and two businesses. and parts of charred bodies I 
v Camp- David to abandon the IS Jewish settlements in the
e yew“ w°rk by mid-amber" illed were at least three persons on the ground and one
.-Te’rriblc," After a brief recess. the Knesset voted that Mrs; section of Cane“ l7_momh_old energy plan are expected to
' " ' uphill fight. Supporters o ' .
secumy “or honor. mud Mrs. COhen as She walked om or i y NBS—Clam (hey le yesterday with the same logo. the same glossy. oversized
Approval was Virtually gamma“, by endorsement 6f the 'yel acted on the Plan. but House leaders intend to lump the fascinated a generation of re
I
Jewish settlements lsraelestablished inthe Sinai Desert after '. remains from the old days is “the abimy m surprise readers
No Results From Mideast Trip
between Israel and Egypt. A negative vote will nullify the stands‘ on Nov. 23. 1935
Carter's bid to gain Arab support for the Camp David peace
as a few days ago. They flunked him.
' ' Id had . . . .. ..
Widen“ suppomng [he meow mm Lee Harvey 05w“ leaders "to secure their support for the realization ofthe new ' hey Eruded h'm P0” or
—about the future. To economists. that reference
expert Joseph P. McNally of New York City said the panal C D .d a ords vnmc‘s ﬁnmsmp is pmbon .
be so easy “me” me amp “I cc . turf. They find it difficult to forgive anyone they think has
it baron . I
1m“ dated Nov. 8‘ I963. and addressed ‘0 Texas 0 ' “treasonous” because they do not guarantee complete Israeli economist.
excuse yourself and saunter towards the men‘s room.
stand as a crude meiiiuriai to tong-gone urinals and
according to Ratbsiteller employees.
took urinals. sinks and toilets and pulled them out ofthe
—Steve Oster

 

-.lessica Salles

.
3.

SN: first flmlly. the Feldmnn'o. had brunch with
SUNYA Proltdent O'Leory. (Photo: MA. Hovak)

    

 

 

 

—Steve ()ster.

No Answer to Nature ’8 Call

Midnight ill the Rat. ' ' ' ~
You've got tt babe under one arm. a tall frosty in the h. m." ' “’0'” "0|? "I. Rlthkellor Pub has been In

T
other. However. dutiful nature calls. (you know the I‘mn'hndlnﬂ "00d 0' topllrl. (Photo: Steve NIgro)

Lounges news briefs
museums as. 1978

—Steve Osier

 

 

 

 

it.

PAGE 'rwo . ALBAN'Y STUDENT panes

  

 

  

  

 

 

CUE Adviéement to be Revamped: ' i [

By Jeff Kennell .

The Center for Undergraduate
Education (CUE) will take a more
personalized approach to student
advisement. according to SUNYA's
new Assistant Vice President for
Academic Affairs and Dean of Un-
dergraduate Studies, Helen
Desfosses.

Desfosses explained that CUE has
undergone a shift of emphasis since
her arrival at SUNYA on Aug. l4.
“Academic advisement is our
number one priority." said
Desfosses. “We‘re moving to assign
one—on-one advisement as quickly as
possible.“ Dcsfosses said that CUE
will work to provide a “more per-
sonalized and humanized orienta-
tion“ to undeclared majors under
CUE‘s advisement than previous
staff cuts would allow.

CUE will act as advising resource
for the rest ofthe campus. according
to Dcsfusscs. “Once we get a budget
increase we‘ll be able to obtain more
tip-to-dttte advisory materials and
help with the training of faculty ad-
visors." said Desfosses.

Assigned Advisors

Desf'osses explained that under
the new system. students would be
assigned advisors and scheduled
meeting times in September. Ideally.
freshmen would fill out
questionaircs on their interests. likes
and dislikes. and personality. and
this information would be coupled
with liigh~school transcripts to in-
form advisors in their meeting with
the student.

“l’eer counseling provides inside

information on course workload and
toughness that can‘t be found
elsewhere.“ said Desfosses.

The 3800 undergrads advised by
CUE will be handled by a number of
advisors with ranges of students-per-
advisor varying from 150 for the
director to between 400 and 500 for
each fall time counselor.

Multlmedla Approach

Desfosses described a new multi-
media approach to advisement that
will be developed by a prospective
Advisory Systems expert. “When
this person arrives to direct CUE.
they will be charged with developing
iind implementing this multi-method
sense of advisement." said
Desfosses. An example of multi-
media advisement would be the use
of video-taped interviews with facul-
ty and students on topics pertaining
to undergrads. Career nights may
also be held to facilitate discussions
between advisors and undeclared
majors.

“l’reprof'essional advising for
juniors and seniors in pre—luw. pre-
iiied. or other fields will be enhanced
because we have a very good group
of prcprofcssional advisors."

CUE Acting Director Leonard
Lapinski said that a more per-
sonali/cd form of student advise-
inciit was his basic focus also. He
said that retrenchment had cost
CUE three full time positions and a
number of grad student assistants.
These cuts were responsible for the
mass advisement sessions that were
used last year. according to
Lapinski

“I've been working with the ad-
ministration to develop a program of
incentives. rewards. and help for the
faculty member who makes advising
a significant claim on his or her
time." said Desfosses.

She said that CUE is also attemp-
ting to create an integrated system of
advisement. so that a frustrating
compartmental structure doesn‘t
turn students offto academicadvisc-
ment.

To help eliminate such com-
partmentalization. Lapinski said
that CUE intends to become an ad-
visement resource center for all
groups on campus. He hopes this
will eliminate a lot of shufﬂing
between different departments with
different functions. He said that an
integration of CU E will be arrived at
in part by having a number of
different people work with students
in diverse areas of adviscinciit.

Lapinski emphasized that advise-
ment and registration functions need
to bc scpiiratcd in the minds of the
students. “The paperwork—card sign-
ing of registration is actually the last
function ofthe advisement process."

"We‘re trying to make our staff
available throughout the year. so
students won‘t be caught in the
registration jaiit of being unprepared
to decide on course selection.“ he
added.

“I hope we get the budget and staff
increases necessary to fully develop
our advisement potential." said
Lapinski. “Election year makes
things uncertain. We're at the mercy
of the state legislatuic."

Drum Set Snared At Rathskeller

A drum set worth over $600 was ' about an inch taller than the male.

stolen from the Rathskellar Pub
morning. according to

 

The drums were left in the Rat
overnight by the rock band, Con-
scioiis. which performed in the pith
over the weekend. Several amplifiers
ivliicli were also left in the Rat were
not stolen.

University Police have no suspects
as of last night. according to Assis—
laiit l’olicc Director l’liil Henighan.

the drums were stolen about 9:50
a.m. Sunday. according to
Ratliskellar Manager Les Hynes.
llynes said that he was returning
from his car when he saw a
white male and a white female
carrying the drums while walking
towards liidian Quad.

llynes said that the male was
“about five foot six with dark
shoulder length hair and a medium
build“ and that the female “was

 

with aubttrn hair and a medium
build.“ ll‘yncs said that he saw the
female's face. but that the male never
turned around.

The drummer for the band. Lori
Duncan. had told Ratliskellar Assis-
tant Manager l’aul Arnold that she
would come to the Rat at about 2
p.m. to pick tip the drums. Hynes did
not know that the drums had been
left in the llat and said that hedidn't
give it a thought when hcsaw the two
people carrying them away.

“The only thing that struck me as
finiin was the fact that the drums
were not in i. s ‘ said Hynes.
“liquipnienl like that is usually
covered.“ When Hyncs told Arnold
about what he liiid seen. Arnold
assumed that the fcniiilc was Dun-
can. Duncan came to pick up the
drums at about [:30. and discovered
that they had been stolen.

She then notified Univcristy

 

 

SCUE Committee Chair Eugene Garbsr said that the dtstrtbutlon
recommendations will be In by February. (Photo: Sieve Nigro)

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

SEPTEMBER as: 1978

Police. who in turn notified all ofthe
dorm directors about the stolen
drums. Because the drums were be-
ing carried toward Indian. instead of
being ptit into a vehicle nc'xl to the
Campus Center, it led to suspicion
that the drums could have been
taken to the quad. according to
Duncan.

i'uIiII’Itui'r/ on [mgr/ivy

by Debby Smith

A special committee charged with
creating a proposal on distribution
requirements will submit a
recommendation to SUNYA Presi-
dent Vincent ()‘leary by February.
according to Committee ("hair l-Zii-
gcnc (iarber.

()‘l.eary‘s newly appointed coni-
inittcc plans to review previous
SUNYA reports and documents.
and use outside sources. as well as
si iideiit and faculty feedback. accor-
ding to (iitfl‘lL'f.

“We have never voted on the issue.
\\’c‘\c been working on it for two
years. ()‘l.eary said. “I. in general.
would support some system of
gcnci a1 undergraduate ie-
qiiircinents. “()‘l .cnry added that the
requirements would have to fit ii
complex university such aSUNYA.

(ini‘bcr said that the committee
ivill try to articuallc several models
ranging Ironi fairly tight re—
qiiircincnts to no requirements iind
only advisement. “When ivc get all
those models in iroiit of its. clearly
defined and described. we're going to
invite the whole university communi—
ty to respond to the various models.”
he said.

Hugh llill. ti student on the coni-
mitfce. said "that‘s not tocxeludc the
possibility that the current system
may remain unaltered.

“It: bulletin or catalog under
which a student enrolls is a contract.
so any proposal would not be
retroactive. according to built Gar-

 

Aulltont Vice President for Academic Affairs Helen Destossee says
CUE advisement will be more personalized. (Photo: M A Hovak)

Bookstore Shoplifter

A pprehended by Guard

By Thomas Mnrtello

A SUNYA bookstore security
guard chased and apprehended a
student who was trying to shoplif‘t It
textbook Friday afternoon.

The student was arrested by Un-
iversity Police and charged with pet»
ty larceny. according to Assistant
Director of University Police l’hil
llenniglian. llcnnighan would not
release the name of the student

l he student. a white male.
attempted to leave the bookstorc
with a book under his vest.at about 5
pm. on l-rid' ' 'cording to Assis-
liiiit Manager .chI' Yodcr.

Yoder. who was closing thesture.
saw a bulge in the student‘s vest and
questioned the student about it.

   

»“\Vc saw the hook and the security .

guaid and myself took him aside.“

said Yodci. “lhcn be boiled otit of
the door."

llic security guard. (‘hiirlie Wild-
iiiaii. and two other students. chased

-her and (Henry.

In an August ii memo to SCUE
()‘I cary wrote “i hope that the bulk
of your work can be completed dur-
ing the tall. I plan to share your
i'ecuinincndations with the flit-
dergraduatc Academic Council
(UAL‘) lot the University Senate]
and we will need to allow much of
the springfor Senate deliberationsas
WC”. this will be a dilf'icult to main-
iaiii. but I feel we should run let
another year go by inconclusively."

"the Undergraduate Academic
('ouiicil may or may not like it. it
could get killed there." said (iai'ber.
If approved. the proposal passes to
the Univci'isty Senate. “l'licrc ilic
whole university community. or
repicscntiitivcs of the university
community will determine its late."

the issue of distribution rc-
tillll‘L‘lIlClllS was first raised two years
ago .ivhcn tlicn l’rcsidcnt Fields ap-
pointed the Special Committee to
Review the Undergraduate lix-
pcricnce (SCRUIE) to define a
"liberal arts education.“ The I977
report recommended students take
nine credits in areas other than their
major. according to the Acting
llirector of the Center for Un-
dergraduate liducation Leonard
Lapinski.

He said that last' full ()‘Leary
received the report and gave it to tilt.
UAL‘. asking that they review the
specific proposals. A Clll‘t‘lClllllttl
Committee of the UAC agreed with
the obiectives. biil did not feel the

the student up the stairs adjacent to
ilic bookstore and through the main
lobby of the Campus Center.

Wildinan yelled for the student to
stop. tlicn chased him down the
stairs leading to the cnl'ctcriu.whcrc
he caught up with him. and cuffed
llllll. I

the student was then put into the
custody of University Police. who
gave him an appearance ticket for a
hearing Wednesday. The student
was llicii released. according to Hon-
nigliaii.

Yodcr said that about three people
are apprehended each year on
shoplifting charges. but added that
the" figure ' is‘ sitar elitism“ ‘Dur
shoplifting figures are higher than
most college bookstores." _Yode{
said. i I 1' “

llic SIIN\'/\-Fo|lett Bookstore
loses approximately 350.000 a year
due to shoplifting. according to
figures released last year by UAS
(icncral Manager Ii. Norbert Zalun.

Distribution RequirementReviewed

specific proposal of nine credits was
the best way to meet a liberal arts
education. 'l'liut committee named
their project (ioals of a Liberal Un-
dcigraduatc Education (GLUE) and
wrote a report which examined the
concept of exposing studean to
different aspects of a liberal arts
education.

The goals outlined in the report iii-
cliideil improving skills in oral coin-
iniiniciition and written L‘Ulttpnsi‘
lion. rising elementary mathematical
and mechanical pronciplt‘s. and
critical and aiialyitcal methods ofin—
quiry.

At a meeting of the University
Senate. May l5.l97li. llarold Can-
non asked for informal reaction and
discussion on the (il.Uli report. ac-
cordingto ()‘l.eiiry.'l‘he SL‘U E com-
niittcc was formed to change the in—
formal status of distribiiiton ru-
qiiircmcnts to a proposal that could
he voted on.

the material SL‘UlS will re
reviewing include both the I977
SCRUli and l‘l7ti (iLUE reports.
according to (iiirbcr. "We have a lot
of responses to those documents that
we‘re going to look at."

Other sources to be reviewed will
he the Harvard Plan. which includes
a foreign language requirement and
which iianics specific areas of study.
and those which are nationwide.

“We‘re going to look equally hard
at llroivn University‘s pliiii.wliich is
much more wide open tliati the Un-
it'ct'sity plan." said iiarber.

PAGE THREE

