 You‘smoke. Stu pld?

Sent Goldlvyn. the ‘G't'n M-G-M. Monti
yell»: at an M-G—M emploiee for rlitrty
ntlnum in vain Hesiniply couldn'tconveyltu
chagrin; ﬁnally. exasperated. he screamed at
the cowering employee. " You know who! your
problem it? You're stupid! "rat's your
problem!" He made tlte statement to
mtlloritati‘vely’ that it seemed more of an
anolyatlt by a team ofexperls than on enraged
opinion.

Adapted from Garson Kanin‘s Hollywood

During last Sunday‘s David Susskind
Show. one of the truly amaling phenomena of
our time was brought to light: stupid people.
Sitting in three of the sewn chairs on his stage
were three inordinately stupid people.

These three alleged people had the gall to
deny this simple fact: Your right t'o any
supposed “freedom” ends at the point in which
it infringes on one of my undisputed freedoms;
your right to swing yourarm ends at the tip of
my nose; and most speciﬁcally. your right to
exhale cigarette smoke ends at the tip of my
aforementioned nose.

One of these incredibly stupid people was a
representative of the tobacco industry.
Coincident-fly. earlier in the day. the Sunday
Times had forewarned us that the tobacco
companies pay certain lawyers and PR types
huge sums of money to defend smoker's rights
to blow smoke in our faces. (This particular
fellow. if properly paid by the Titanic‘s
builders would have brought the iceberg to
coun and dutifully interrogated it into
submision.)

Anyone reading this article. of course. could

' riot be duped by such a commissioned con

artist. for we are members of an institute of
higher learning we‘re able to see through such
idiocies we recognixe their absurdity.

That is. unless we are the ones spewing out
the idiocies

There are quite a fen stupid people at
SUNYA. They're easy to recognize. for they
speak of an imaginary right: their right to
smoke where\er and whenever the hell they
want. (One of the more moronic guests on

Editor‘s Note: ﬁns mhutui tsjmm LLNG. it
militant orxunimtirm to end slimline on
(RUINS.

Susskind's show complained about how
annoying it is to have smart-ass people with
their little hand held fans blow smoke back at
her. "lrnaginel The audacity of some people to
refuse the gracious offerings of another. to
refuse to inhale the smoke l so kindly force
down their lungs!“)

There are. luckily. many moderately
intelligent people here. They too can beheard-
ﬁnally.

Overheard in LC IS:

hrson I: “I wish more people smoked in
here.“

Person 2: “Really?”

hrsorr I: “Yes. Then we wouldn‘t notice it“

'— his voice rose—*when one obnoxious
inconsiderate person. like the girl in front of
us. lit up.”

Person 3: “Maybe she can‘t see the ‘No
Smoking‘ sign up there on the walL"

Person 4: “Well I can see it fine. I guess the
sign doesn‘t apply to illiterates like her."

P2750" l: “Actually. it is hard to see the
sign through the line of smoke.‘

That thts indictment took place is
encouraging. But it seemsthat the stupid ones
will. in the end. win. SUNYA's Acting
President O‘Leary. Vicc<Presidents Welch
and Chesin. Dean Brown. the Environmental
Decisions Committee. former President
Fields. and even his predecessor, President
Benizet have all tried. and failed. toimplement
a no-smoking policy in our classrooms.

The problem is that through a process only
a sociologist could explain. the leader of a
group is very inﬂuential for the behavior of
individuals within the group. The leaders of
our groups. the teachers. have not enfOrced
no—smokin policies.

The Theat:

Notice is hereby given that if Unitersity
Senate does not pass a clear and enforeable
declaration (as opposed to multilingual
requests) demanding the termination of
classroom smoking before March 19. I978.“
organized mam movement \iill implement a
wry immature battle plan. geared toward
helping imtructors realize that ifthey do not
enforce no—smoking regulations during their
elasses. teaching will not occur. the sill)
behan'or of this throng of indiiiduals “ill
preclude the learning process. Stay tuned for
details.

ha"
call

To the Editor:
“A bunch of weird quiet-dorm SUNYA

students" was used t‘o describe the residentsof ,
Pierce Hall in an unrelated story aboutﬁthc,

Pierce Hall Day Care Center. We, the
residents of Pierce Hall. strongly take offense
to such statements. We don‘t see the necessity
of such degradations being used as an eye
catcher for an article of this nature. We see the
day care center as a much needed and
appreciated pan of the Albany and SUNYA
community. but living here. we feel there is
more to Pierce Hall thanjust a day care center!

Pierce Hall is the best dorm. It is the best
because it offers the best; the best people, the
greatest activities and a good time. Peirce Hall
is a very special living environment. We are
not a “quiet dorm" but a dorm based on the
idea of cooperation. We have our own Hall
Council and Judicial Board. Through the Hall
Council many activities have been organized.
To mention a few — two camping trips. many
coffeehouscs. and cocktail hours. various
workshops. dinner pa rtics. various other trips.
and the list goes on.

Too many do not understand Pierce Hallas
obviously the authors don‘t. Besides Pierce
Hall does not suck cheese durangos.

The residents of Pierce Hall

censoring
freedom

To the Editor:

Many people were offended by the “Beacon
Man" cartoon strip in the Feb, lOih edition of
the ASP and wrote to the editor to express
their feelings. lion feel that the author should
be reprimanded for using character numestoo
similar to the names of certain actual people.
and such action should be prohibited in the
future. Honexer. for those whose letter to the
editor was published Feb. l7th. that is not
enough. They demand that the cartoon no
longer be printed and furthermorc demand
publication of the author‘s name. Of those
people I ask. what possible good can this do?
What is your purpose?

ifyour aim is censorship. to oppress“Ralph
Bosley"s" \ersion of humor. fear not: you‘re

.' mull, interesting company. Birchers. school

boards. and various Klan types have long been

acclimated to censoring and outlawing

written works which are obviously offensive to
any “right thinking individual.“ Real trash.
you know. like book: With sex in them. or
four-letter words. or (God Forbid!) works of
"communist" origin. By deciding that tiny
author's works are not'“fit to print" and
refusing to allow- the 'reader to judge {or
him/ her self. you slice that much more from
the ideal of freedom and make the lender's
view of the world (unbeknownst to her him)"
little bit narrower.

Maybe you feel that “Boxley‘s” humor is
offensive. stereotypical. and misleading. but
many people of a different orientation are
offended by Hustler. by Ramparts. hy ."Ieal
This Book (Abbie Hoffman), by Saul ()n Irv
(Eldridge Cleaver). Should these people hate
the right to outlaw these works. to tell us what
we can and cannot read? Freedom. that idutil
which We youth deride certain ofour cldcis ltlf
espousing verbally yct restricting in ilclltm.
prohibits such censorship.

Censorship is an ugly word. and it is not [hit
answer. Freedom is a much nicer word. and n
is the answer. If an author expresses it \ic“ ill
outlook that you consider wrong. demand
equal time to publish your own. perhaps more
healthy. ideas of the world. If your \lcllhillt‘
indeed healthier. make more sense. and ltqu
people grow. they will be the ones held dc.” by
the “free reader."

How these vicwsurc to he expressed is up to
you. Think of the possibilities! llcucun
Woman. Beacon Boy. Beacon Black. or the
slow but dimwitted Beacon Nerd. who doesn‘t
smoke but beams deadly rays out of its until
aperture after dining onvcampus . .

Seriously. though. please remember than II
we dream of and work for ti better. truer. l'lllllL‘
loving society. elimination oflhc “oppositinn”
by any means other than honest conwrsnnv.
makes the vision a little bit dirticr. it lllllL‘ hit
narrower. it little bit more llkt.‘ uhni uc'ii-
trying to change.

Michael Reyna

funny
smell

To the Editor:

I was most disappottttcd un \nniili:
Feb. 4. I978. at the scheduled I".th Hm
concert of Dizzy Gillespie. We llillL' hchi A
long time belief that concert pcrluiiii.iv..i~

of Setzuan

photo by Erica Marcus

page 3

 

