 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Conversations with some of my colleagues
and my- own “classroom experience have
convinced me that students are now unable to
write university caliber papers. In any class
there are bound to be students whose papers
are acceptable and there will even be the odd
paper that is mechanically perfect. if not
elegant. But the overall level of writing has
declined markedly. so much so in several of
my classes this semester that l have had to ask
myself if these are really university classes:
The students clearly have university
intelligence and seem to put a reasonable
amount of work into their papers. but the
results. I am sorry to say. are sad. It is not
unusual in a ten-page paper to find twelve or
ﬁfteen misspelled words. a complete inability
to punctutate. collections of words that only
vaguely resemble sentences. and sentences and
paragraphs arranged randomly. without any
evidence of logical, systematic development.
Unless students correct these deﬁciencies. this
will cease to be a university; it will be a place
where isolated individuals do university-level
work but where a much larger number of
students correct these deficiencies. this will
cease to be a university; it will beu place whci’c
isolated individuals do university-level work
but where a much larger number of students, a
negative mass. do not. I maintain that the
problem is of such urgency that corrective
measures are necessary. and herein would like
to make a modest proposal to that end. But
first, I should like to look at the conditions
that brought about the writing problem and
consider some of its implications.

Schools in the l960‘s introduced new
theories of ‘ ' that r‘ ' ‘
spontaneity and individual creativity. Rather
than stifle the youthful mind with mechanical
drills or rote learning. teachers encouraged
students. it seems to let their fancy take them
where it would. assuring them that they would
learn to spell and punctuate in good time.
These same teachers wanted to engage their
students" interest by making education
relevant; their concern was to make their
courses interesting so students would be
happy. Unfortunately. the experiment did not
work out. at least in some important respects.
and there is now a trend back to the basics. A
publication of the National Education
Association. entitled “Learning is Hard
Work." sets forth a philosophy that schools
are already following. The pamphlet says:

“School is a place of learning. It is not a
place of entertainment or relaxation. like a
theater or like the beach. That means that
school is essentially a work place and that the
pleasure to be derived from a school is
integrally related to the satisfaction derived
form accomplishing a hard job. lhat means
too. that a day at school can sometimes be
routine and tiresome. . 

Learning is hard work. And the futirre of all
of us students. parents. teachers. the
community at large depends on it.

I happen to agree with these views. but that
is neither here nor there. ’I he point is that the
pendulum is swinging back and children are
now learning skills that were neglclctcd for
something like a decade and a half. ()nc of my
colleagues who recently went loan open house
at a local elementary school saw papers that
are technically better than those he had julil
read in an upper liaisron class. lhat today‘s
children are once again concentrating on
writing skills has grave consequences for the
present generation of university students. It
means that they are situated between two
groups, one older and one younger. both more
verbally adept than themselvcvcs. The former
will have moved into jobs and demonstrated
skills that will have been recognized and
rewarded. and the latter will come up from
behind. pushing aside those who are uuribleto
compete. And rest around that people outside
the university. those who run things. care

Iz‘tlllor's Noni: 'llilli' column lVll.t.lll/HIIHII’L/al' a
falter/1y I‘rujrirur Warren Itoht'm.

Kids D'On’t Write Good

about literacy. as a recent incident nicely
demonstrates.

One of my former students who will begin
law school this fall applied for a position as a
legal assistant with a local law firm. The head
of the firm himself conducted the interview.
After asking various questions and getting I
feel certain, thoughtful intelligent answers he
reached into his desk and pulled out a sheet of
paper with eight spelling words. He handed
over the sheet. gave directions. and waited for
the results. Upon seeingthat the skills he cared
about were nicely in order he offered him the
job which was quickly accepted and has since
worked out to the full satisfaction of both
parties.

Because this semester's papers have been so

riddled with mechanical flaws l have had to
read them with considerable care. circling
mistakes, rewriting sentences. and in some
cases suggesting how a paper might have been
set up differently. And I have been so
concerned with the level of writing that in
handing back papers I have spent some time
discussing the problem. trying to persuade
students that something has to be done. I must
say that their responses have been highly
encouraging. It is not pleasant for me to tell
students that they are verbally deﬁcient and it
is not pleasant for them to hear me say it. but it
seems to me that they have accepted my
remarks in the good spirit in which they were
intended. Never have I had so many students
come in to see me about their papers. and
without exception our conversations have
been agreeable but also frank. My impression
is that the students I have spoken with
g ' ', want to improve their writing imd
typically they have asked me for advice. In all
cases I have said that to write more effectively
one must write more often, that one gets better
at it by doing it. This led students to ask what
courses place an emphasis on writing.
i Apart from mentioning courses in English
composition and a few other courses that I
happen to know about. I am unable to anSWer
this question. If I am not mistaken no one
else can either, asgthere is no document that
contains this information. Unless inquiries are
made beforehand. a student has no idea how
many papers will be written. how long they
will be. or how carefully they will be marked.
This means that students who want to improve
their writing skills don't know quite where to
turn. What I should like to propose is that
some way be devised to give students this
information. My suggestion is that certain
courses be asterisked in the schedule ofclasscs.
which could be done by having fiiculty
respond to a memorandum that would have
questions such as: Do you assign one or two
papers? Do you assign more than two papers-1’
And. do you consider your course ri course in
functional writing? I must say lhrii I regard
the lust question as the key one in the light of
my own recent experience. It dawned on me
that I am now preforming two roles; I teach
courses in European history. and I teach
courses in functioniil writing. While in some
extent I have always done the hitter I do so
even more now. and I do it consciously. With
all respect in composition courses. it does
seem best to me to work iit the writing
enterprise within the framework of u subject
course. in which learning and writing tire
organic to one another. Writing involves more
than technical skills; it requires an ability to
communicate effectively oiic's understanding
of it body of information or problem to
another person. This can he done best through
subject courses.

So what I propose is that faculty be asked if
they intend to assign papers and whether or
not they think of their courses as courses in
functional writing. llie course catalogue
would reﬂect the responses throuin ii system
of asterisks. to he determined by the number
and type of questions. I believe the asking of
questions would be useful to instructors rind I
think the results would be valuable to students
who want to improve their ability to write.

viewpoint

 

 

 

 

weak
character

To the Edltor:

I must take issue with the title used to head
Michelle Finger‘s piece on academic preSsure
and cheating here at SUNYA (“Competition
Leads to Cheating." Tuesday Feb. 7).

Although that title encapsulates the tired
and deplorable rationalizations ofsome ofthc
students quoted in the article. it is at best a
distortion of the truth. “Competition lcadsto
cheating" makes as much sense as“marijuana
leads to heroine." Every student here. indeed.
every person in “the outside world" senses
pressure and competition; not everyone
cheats.

Such reactions to competition as studying
harder and longer. maybe taking a speed-
rcuding course. and even worrying a hit more
than usual can be expected from some
students who are concerned ( and justifiably
so) with their success after college. But the
only real excuse for cheating is the the
possession of a terribly weak character.

Howard Novick

good
food...

To the Editor:

I wish to comment upon the lack of
consideration shown by UAS on Feb. 8. I978.
This date marked the observance of Ash
Wednesday-the beginning of the Lenten
Season for Roman Catholics. Abstinence
from meat is required on this holy day and also
on Fridays during Lent. Since Ash
Wednesday is noted on a majority ofcalendars
I feel that is was most unfair to serve a special
steak dinner on this occasion. Granted. no one
was forced to cut it (us | ditl not). but it
certainly could have been on the previous or
next day's menu since a steak dinner on this
campus is indeed a rarity.

Since UAS is kind enough to provide a
kosher niciil plan for those of the Jewish
religion who choose to observe this tradition
(and I hold great respect for those students
who uphold their convictions) this clearly
emphasich preference towards one religion
over another. Hopefully lJAS wrll note the
situation and amend It in the near future so its
not to CflUSC further offense to any minority.

Douglas I). .lasinskc

. . . wrong
rught

To the Editor:

We would like to express our annoyance at
the fact UAS decider] to serve llieirsupposcdly
best riical. steak. on it linly day observed
around the world on l‘eb. if. Ash Wednesday.
a day ol fast itnd abstinence ll’tilll meal.
Whether or not you wrinl to admit it. the
Christian students on campus have been
forgotten. 'I be Jewish students have a Kosher
niettl plan. Is it too much to tlhk to observe
Christian eating habits once or time it year"!
Not only does the university initke usiriivcl on
probably our most holy of days. Easter
Sunday. now the people who feed us scent to
ignore us. There is no excuse rind a reply of
“We didn‘t know!“ iii insufficient and it cop
out. If' they are responsible to feed eight
thourand people it day. they should make it
their business to accommodate the spiritual as
well as the secular needs. We‘re sure it
wouldn‘t have taken too much trouble to
postpone the steak dinner until Thursday.

 

We Iieitrd quite a few students complaining

here on Indian Quad and the workers and

supervisor passing the buck on the

responsiblilty. OK. maybe they are not

responsible. but someone is. Whoever it is.

thanks for nothing! We‘re glad we'll be borne
on Good Fridayl

Charlie (‘lark

John DcMartini

Stu Vincent

John McKennu

beholder’s
eye

To the Editor:

After nearly a decade of siiidcnihuud .ii
U/A. I am finally complaining in print. lci'x
have no more vicious Iushings-out us [If 1hr~
churlish review of Graphic Artists of New
‘York (Feb. 3 Aspects). Every yczirilsecnw \\L'
hear a spiteful venting of angry siiecring .ii 1hr-
Art Department. perceived as llic iooi ol
authoritarianism. as the establishment \\ lllli
talking with your friends. or occasronully .ii
critique. this is correctly aimed at the tritiilii,
that is why you are in school. And of count
you can say what you like about um
exhibition. But it‘s not fair to slam the guilt-n
Even if you're nasty. you might get to show
there. if you‘re good enough.

Might the editorship not cdu'! I don‘t int-.rn
censor. just it sense of appropriateness. for
example: "Here. this is gossippy. not lCl||l1l\
interesting and slightly less lltilll lllllllfllilllh
also obnoxious: why not try again?"

Mr. Almasi may pride himscll on it slltipp‘.
little piece. snappy llkt: ri Doberman plllStllL'l
Disappointed perhaps in a couple ol \llltlwi
classes. (perhaps?) not really quite itllltticrl in
the niccties of coriiriideship and solid..rrtr
among an workers; (could someone hutc llllll
his feelings?) he breaks rank. It is tlllltillllll.|lt
for rill otir education that what is l)l|l.ltlt.i\l
about art. like anarchism. IS the tom of ihr
disaffected.

Criticisnishorild rise hiin enough in \L'L ii..
level necessary to produce the Sllhlt'tl IIIHl l
review. Almiisi instead sloops to lllt' lmm
reaches of againstncss. arguing or! [m rum 
poringthrough the mirror ol the guilt-it In: .m
accessablc spot in the face of lll'l to \tlllt't'lt' our
his own wrixy negiiln lSlll. One wonders Hill-f»
dirty little job. if his confusion of _L'lllil I
fl’ilbull). Dan/igcr) IS not itself L‘llllllt'tl mi
petty deliberation. (Wits it difficult to |t‘.lil th.
scrriwl on the back of the pi'ogriiiii.’ Urn-Hint:-
ill't.‘ generally it nice party. though llit‘ llI.ir'i
Sllllllllillll is otir own exhilaration. lllllt' urn.
being left after the press). Joriii lion/mu in
fact is not a member of(iANY. rind third puth
of information. ilic paintings L'llllt'llll\ on
view tit Capital District l’sychiiitricf L'Illtf n.
the work of many of the better .iim .tlli [-
l’crhrips the rcvietver‘s exacting sl.iliil.rttl‘
arise from the comparison ol lllL' \\t'll llf.iil.
art he believes is the pi'odini or fli«

unfortunate with lllS own \Ht‘lt‘llt‘tl lltHItll‘lIl ~
in the margins of his Anlhio lllllt'\
llll\til forum.)

beer
bash

To the lidltor:

ln reference to the .AlSl"s supposed 't-\l“""
of the beer Lowenhrau being falsely I.ifw|u|.
the ASI’ is to be congratulated ilS firing ii
cuckold of Americnii advertising. In ihw t.|\t'
the ASI’printed a press release as llc\\‘\ \\lllt‘ll
attacked Lowenbrau as being mispiicldsﬂl
and therefore false advertising. llowcici. In
blindly doing so. you failed to itlvesligrilt‘ lln'
motivations of the source of the press [rhum‘
information sent to them. In this iiiittrinnt'
omission of journalistic l'CSptthlllllll) Ills"
ASI' has provided what amounts In “W

 

f

 

 

 

advertising to Lowenbrau's competition and
performed it disservice to the Amciican
consumer. I '

Some background which the ASPshould be
aware of will elucidate the situation. First.
brewing beer is a prime example of what
economics calls a natural monopoly; as
quantity produced goes up the cost per unit
goes down. This means that it is cheaper for
one producer to brew a given quantity then it
is for several producers to collectively brew
that same quantity.

Secondly, the above idea partly explains the
fact that today there are only 40 brewers in
America as compared to 400 brewers after
Prohibition. These 40am expected to decrease
to four by the turn of the century. The beer
industry knows this and each brcwcr would
like to be one of those four left.

All this helps to explain the current trade
war among the beer producers in the US.
Three producers are now involved in ii
struggle to be the largest producer in America.
The reason for being number one in
production is obvious. The more that is
produced the cheaper it can be sold which
means the lead would be self perpetuating.
The three producers are Anlicuser-Btisch
which makes Budweiser and Michelob
Miller Brewing which makes Miller and
Lowcnbrau. and Schlitv.

This trade war leads us to our present
problem. Currently the dominance of
Anheuscr-Busch (AB) is being challenged by
Miller. Two contributing factors being ilic
success of Miller Lite and the summer strike of
All employees. With the advent of brewed in
America Lowcnbrriu. a third factor was
added.

This move was a natural one if we again
consider the economics of the situation.
Lowcnbrau is a premium beer. lhis means
that it is lighter in taste and cleaner in texture.
As it comes from the same vats as the I’cgllllll’

product but then only from the upper moan
portion (hence its lightness), it costs only
pennies more to produce. However since
Americans value a lighter brew they are
willing to pay a price commensurate with that
demand. This translates into it higher price for
these premium beers and a higher profit
margin. This higher profit is the reason why
Miller would like to have a premium beer on
its product line. It also explains why AB whose
premium beer Michelob (which enjoysa lion‘s
share of the premium market) would not want
Lowcnbrau to be successful. Thus when Miller
announced plans to market a premium beer
under the name of Lowcnbrau the New York
Times reported that Ali‘s counter advertising
strategy would be to point out the false nature
of the new Lowenbrau.

This counter advertising has manifested
itself in the form of the ASI’ ‘iirticlc‘ we are
now discussing.

Now I am sure that the ASP believed that it
was doing the college student a favor by
pointing out Lowenbrau‘s mispiickaging. It is
true that the new Lowcnbrau doesn't come
from Germany as it would seem by its label
However any beer drinker worth his soft
should be able to tell the difference from the
heavier bodied ‘old' Lowcnbrau rind the
lightcr'ncw‘ l.ti\Vt.‘llbl‘illl. lhc point is that it is
the beer and not the label lhc discerning
drinker follows. If it competitor has to resort
to attacking a label and not the quality ofthc
brew than perhaps there is not much to those
claims that Lowenbruu isan inferior product.

Now the point on which I wiin to chidc the
ASP about is their role as a dumb pawn of
Madison Avenue: llicy hate taken on free
adtcrtising unaware of the total picture. If all
student newspapers or any news medium
failed in their vigilance and became mere dupes
of Madison Avenue llicri the whole of society
\llilll suffer for Il.

 

 

Name Withheld
J

 

student uaauuiuiim.

We’ve Got

Committees

 

 

editorial
Into The Pubiic'Lighii”

Recently, a number of stories have surfaced concerning inequities in
SUNYA's handling of evaluations of tenure cases and academic
departments.

Though these stories tell of action taken several years ago and may not
be of primary concern to students how attending this university, they do
have significance. If an academic department becomes low on this
university‘s list of priorities. and gets axed. many students are left out in
the cold.

It is even worse if these decisions are made on the basis of politics,
personalities and variables other than the actual facts of the case. This
can only happen when the evaluations are submerged in secrecy without
the scrutiny of the university community.

Unfortunately, this seems to be the case at SUNYA. The only reason
why stories of improper handling of evaluations such as Comparative
Literature and Speech Pathology have come out several years later is
because of the secrecy of those proceedings.

Had those proceedings been open to public examination, perhaps
there would have been different results. If a department is being
reviewed. the students within that department have a right to know how
those proceedings are progressing. if a dean is being evaluated and the
outcome of that evaluation affects the morale of professors within that
department that evaluation and its processes should be open to the
public.

By opening these evaluations to the university community, perhaps

politics and personalities won’t play as large a role as they apparently _

alr'ady have. And perhaps there won‘t be stories emerging a few years
from now about how these factors affected the deterioration of a
program and about how it's too late to do anything about it.

TAP-ing Carey’s Budget

In his I978-79 Executive Budget. Governor Carey has recommended
u $30 million increase in funding for the Tuition Assistance Program.

The Governor‘s proposal, which would beneﬁt only those attending
private colleges. is a slap in the face to SU NY students.

The Miller/ Kremcr plan to grant a 20 per cent across the board
increase in 'l'Al’ awards for all eligible students recognizesthe fact that
economic hardships are experienced by students of both public and
private colleges.

Now that an education related program such as TAP has merited an
increase in state funding in this election year it is imperative that SUNY
students not be ignored.

 

 

it‘s Wednesday night. :i llll1L‘\\’llt.'ll llitihl of

\(‘l.

plus minus grading. dctcloping a

us are looking forward to the coming
weekend. for some of us howctci. it‘s ri time
to make decisions that might ptiSSllil) illlL'l
your stay here at SUNYA. In one night. we
can spend anywhere from $5.00 to $5t).|lfit).oti.
Sometimes it takes an hour. other lllllL‘S II
takes twelve. We iircn‘t complaining. for some
of us Central Council is an end. | or othcisu‘s
a means to an end. And for others who Sllllpl)‘
have too iiiticli time on their hrinds. it‘s
something to do and ii plilt‘t: to go.

If you want to understand Central Council.

you have to first understand its \llllL'llllC.
lhcrc is it Chairperson and ii \‘it'e
Chairperson. They are l'L'SptillSllllt: for
everything that goes on in Coirncrl In other
words. they get the credit when lllltlgs goiight
and lake the blame when things go wrong.
Next. you have the live standing L'nlllltllllL‘CS
of Central Council Iliey arc. Academics.
Athletic Finance. Financial. liilcrnril .‘\lliill\
and Strident Services.
1 One committee which has imprmcd and
grown is the Academics Affairs ('oiiiinutcc;
this committee is chaired by Mark Stolch from
Alumni quad and Dave Rullo from Stair.-
quad.

The Academics Affairs Committee. benign
briind new committee of Central t'ouncil. is
begiiiiiig to venture into the most important
aspect of student life. academics. Since ilic
realm of academics affect everyone at this
University. we believe that this committee has
the potential of becoming an effective student
voice in ii ﬁeld that has seldom before been
made available for student input. The
committee will be looking into such matters
as. the establishment ofri more comprehensive

 

Erli‘lur's Note: This column was lt'I'fIft'Il by
Fred drawing/0n. Mike I.i.\'.t'Ilt‘r. Mar/r
SUP/far, and Dave Ruﬂo.

llll\t:l'.\ll) Awareness l);iy. c\tcntling the
period in tlccliiieS l‘ giiidingniid lllilll) other
illL’itS that need L'\plt|lf|llilll.

llcsides plricrng cmphrisisoii lthitlllllllllL'L'S.
t'ciitiril t'ouncrl is placing increased
ltllptll'lilllL‘L‘ on the leiirinl-lriiidlord pl'tilllclllh
ihui L‘.\ISl in the dorms.

| illL' last semester. Central Council passed
.iii important piece legislation concerning
housing I'L‘\lSItlllS and the burning contract.
Some of the proposer! changes which were
researched by the Student Services ( 'oiuiniltec
are. allowing students to lll'lllg other
ilppllilllcch besides refrigerators to schools.
including toaster ti\t.‘lll.\ and larger si/cd
refrigerators.

()fl criiiipiis. if your
pl‘tnltlc you with adequate bent or \\.llL'l. one
of tour options wotild he to withhold your
It‘lll. at SUNYA howmcr. we pay our room
fees in .i ltiiiip sum, Jack l.t'SlL‘l. our lcgiil
.ltl\lSlil is working with the Student Sciticcs
toinrniiicc to if) illltl find it solution to this
problem. One which we haw
lL‘t'tlllllllL‘llthtl. to the [mitt-rsin IS thin the

landlord failed to

iipflilll

iooiii contracts be for lllL' sciiicslcr not per
)t'ill. as Is now. Ibis yciii we were able to llil\L'
opt-n release. next yciii we may not he so
lucky

flu-i the summer. some of you will be
much mg a bill for room damage. Where does
that money go'.’ Supposedly u is being used to
repair your room diimrige. Unfortunately ll
has come to otir intention that some repairs
are never completed. ()iic proposed solution is
that if after a certain time hits passed and ii
repair has not been made. the University will
be required to return the entire penalty paid by
the student.

In the next few weeks this column will be
used by Central Council reps. letting the
students know what‘s going on.

‘ x2: .ttsim.....‘_........ .

é

 

lhoniiis Mtirtcllo I-.'rliior-i‘n-('Iirt'/'
.loNttittN lloiiotzs llmmgliig I-Jrliior

Niws Hutton
Matthew Cox
.-l.\.\ur'rrili' A’r'ii't lirlilor
Jill lliibcr Aron Smith
.\’i-ii.i .‘f.\.ll.\lillll
l aunt Schiriub
Spurn [ziliitir
l‘thilC IEmcrnirin
-l\’.\i'i‘lull‘ Spurn [Jill/or
Rich Seligson
I.rliliiririf I‘ugtu [fill/or
.Ioii Lafayette
lot/rilr' .\'t'ir-.t
l.illlllC (ilascr
l'ri'vir'w I‘rigt'
llt-lciic humor
.-I /’ .llriiitigt-rt
Stuart Stair. fillen Miirsdcn
.lliirgiir'

Sandy Robinson

Hl'SINMin MAN.\i.i.ii
Waller lhormrin '
[III/mg [)i'/itirIiIii'IiI
(rirol Colriss. Debby YL'llll
l’lll'ft'” .llmiiigi'r
lzllcii l‘me
.-It/l'i‘l'll.\llll{ .llriliugrv
llriiiii ('rihill
.\‘uIr-.i I’t'riorinr'l
Mike Ardun. Rich Mcrinelsiciii
( loin/it'll .‘lt/l uniting
|):i\itl i'llllll|h
will liiiriru
Kelly Kira
.‘ltl ('mii/nrtilrriri
llL‘IlL' | Illllill. l‘Hlll i‘tllllllsk)
“L’hlllt' Kopl. Kiilht Qtirrilt
()//u t' Slit/I
Mark llrillhtiliiid

l’iiniitit'rion Murmur
qunitt: Jay
l’tlo’lt“ Up
Rich l’iauu. Stephanie Sherman
Jamie ltolhnian. Lutiric Stirdwcll
Hr-url I:I'/Jf.\’l
.lody Wilner
'Ijiyii'xlt
Lynn Laufcr. Laurie Lcsko
Lornlllc Libertorc. Sieve Miiiicr
Diane Morrison. “lilnll ()ruci
Am) Phillips. Joiin Silvcrblaii
Adela Slcller. Stic chliier
(‘ompriruiuu
l‘rit Mc(ilynn. Amy Sours
(‘rinii'm
l)il\t‘ Kaiplow. Jclf l.cviitin
(iru/ilii'r- Am
Rick lllum

Sixii \\ iiiiitis: Stew Ilirrrkci. Mike l‘lli.'(l. Kcn Kurtl. MJ. Mcriiniott. Jerry Mikoreiidit.
Vrilcric Molinaio. Milkc l‘czirliiiriii. Denim Sclieyer

ES l'.-l ELISIIEI) IVIO

l’hr .rfl/irmr .i‘iiirli'iil l‘rrur i.i [iiihliilivrl t'vi'ri' 'I‘iIr-tdur unrl l~‘ri'tluy during the .rt‘lioolyear fry/lie
.‘l/fltlllj‘ Slur/cu! I‘ri'ii Corporation. an iritlrpcmlenl Ili)l~f{)r-[Irtlﬂl organizali'on. Editorial
[litfft'll‘ I.l t/t‘lt‘fllllllt’tl III‘ the Etlilor-in-(‘hi‘q/I am] it .ruhjt'ct Io review by Ilie Mus/head Sta/f
Mailing mftflt'n.‘ Alfirmy Sou/run I’n-ri. t‘(‘ 129 I400 Washington Ava. Album: Nl’ [2222

 

 

AleN)’ srudiartrr pness conpomrion
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
S‘l'b‘l’llli‘N DZINANKA 0 Sl'li‘Nt'E RAUGID 0 DANIEL CAINES

 

 

 

 

  

~. Abbot.- .‘m .

 

 

 

 

 

