_ Galloping into the Year of

Mott Street it wasn‘t. Still, the Year of
7 the Horse was welcomed by the university
with laughter and tradition. The
.2 celebration of the Chinese New Year was
a far cry from the typical SUNYA party:
no keg of beer. no blaring band. not even
a' bowl of stale potato chips. Already I
liked it. '

Tradition, highly valued by the
Chinese. was the emphasis of the New
Year festival. Unlike Americans. wholive
for the future and their credit ratings. the
Chinese cherish their traditions and

ancestors as thecource oftheir existence.

Story by

Francesca Cohn

The evening began with two short
movies. The ﬁrst was a trip through four
traditional festivals of China. It was
terrific littledialogue and lots of aesthetic
footage. The second ﬁlm was victimized
by Edward Durrell Stone's marvelous
architecture. His ever present columns
added new dimensions to an otherwise
hum-drum movie. The subtitles had
difﬁcultly getting around the pillars. not
to mention the exit sign and the
ventilation grill.

inscribing Chinese characters with brush
and ink. Two silken clad women would
write your name for a dime. and for ﬁfty
cents you could get a whole picture. They
painted mountai . streams, birds and
flowers in the classical manner. although
the results were quite modern in
appearance.

The stamp exhibition was typical ofthe
beauty of Oriental art. There were lines of
horses celebrating the new lunar year.
series of ancient art tr asurcs. and even
the coupling of Dr. bun Yal-sen and
President Abe Lincoln. Sun Yat-sen was
the founding father of the government of
the Republic of China.

l-lighpoints were the series of
sculptures borrowed from the consulate
of the Republic of C ma. and the coral
bracelets. which were selling like fortune
cookies.

 

The only mi trig ingredient
was that he venly MSG high.

A palm reader told me that it mid
soon be writing for \nd\ \tu ul's
Interview; obviously a tomm i... but
one I‘ve seen on Mott Street

The dinner was .lti\t'tll\t’d s a
chopstick affair. but I didn‘t lL‘ttil/ that
you had to bring your om iilt' entl
included Moo—shih pork. thicken how
mein. pork and \'L‘[.’.Cillhit llit'd in egg
roll. egg drop soup \\|lil Hit sure and
sour chicken. fortune eookm .md [c .No
Mai-tai‘s or Singapore slurp thou h.

The caterers must have been informed
about the students voracious appetite for
cafeteria style dining. We weren't
disappointed. Unlike Chinese
restaurants, where dishes are cooked to
order. here the food was prepared
beforehand and kept warm on steam
tables. The only missing ingredient was
that heavenly MSG high. Iitcn the
hostesses were staged in size order. Clever
choreography. I thought. but they
insisted it was simple spontanaeity

l'hc ne for seconds wasn‘t too long.
which thrilled the Chinese clnh
memebcrs. Last yearthc) ran out oI lood,
But. to my dismay. they didn't supply
doggi‘ bags. either.

Traditionally. the new year Is
welcomed with dancing parades.
firecrackers and red cmcloped holding
money. A fi unicorn prancing around
the Campus center Ballroom was the star
of the parade. Unlike the sttihtl or the
hustle, this is a dance that cannot be
performed on quaaludes. \Vhatcwr gave
those ho ' the stamina to hurl around the
room like that should be bottled and sold
a w k before finals. ,

The firecrackers must lime been
'stuffed down the john. because I never”
saw them go off. As lor the red en\ clopes.
I know that a penny saved is a penny
earned. and it‘s a penny tor your
though . but a penny is still only \toi'th
one cent.

Master of Ceremonies Samuel ('hang
is a professor of Mathemat .. but I'm
sure he would be just as happy teaching
Freudian slips in the psychology

.z‘uiul‘ftu :NM,’

y Fat-C
the Horse

department. Co cubincs and cucumbers
do not sound al kc. Dr. Chang They
don't even look alike. But that‘s alright.
we understand.

Chinese dancing prings from folk
origins. In ancient times concubines did
the performing. to the haunting melodies
of Chinese folk songs. Only the simplest
of traditional instruments were used.

lhe martial arts exhibition was
interesting. although no one itt. ptcd the
lightcr‘s challenge. And a it 'hion show
pic ‘IlICd traditional ( iincst costu LS
from various histori‘al periods. A few
more concubines. a spy. in female warrior.
and an emperor were the subjects.

The entertainment ended withasing—a-
long in Chinese. The closest I came was
.\’ie.ric-ni and gang IzciﬁlilI-choy. which.
loosely transatcd. means “Thank you
and a Happy New Year.“

......, ..... W «mum r... m.» m <

Photos by

Jeff Schneebaum

v

‘* “ his.“ 5r wary _

 

