  
  
 
 

V w.-. ~w..~.a»tw.- x-ﬁrhvlvmxmluwswl 7,

  
 
  
 
 
 
 

 

4 Albany Student Press .

  
  
    
 
 
 
 
 
   

Peter Gabriel was lead vocalist,
lyricist and flautist for Genesis up
until about two years ago, when he
left for a solo career. This interview
with him was aired, live from Lon-
~ don, England on WCDB 91PM.

What do you think are the changes
which have come about in your music
and in Genesis since you’ve left the
group?

Peter: From my viewpoint, i think my
music has gotten a little more personal,
more direct. And i think for Genesis,
they’ve been stronger on the musical side
of it. I think they sound a little bit better
than they did while i was there from the
point of view of playing and production,

 and i think some of the writing is very
strong. l don't like the lyrics, you need a
sort of balance between the sweet and
the sour, and I think for my taste, it’s a lit-
tle more towards the sweet at this point.
What kind of influence do you think
your producers have on your albums,
first Bob Ezrin and now Robert Fripp?
Peter: They did have an influence, l think
that all the people I work with and all the
musicians have as much an influence as
the producers, but i like to use all people
and their abilities are incorporated in the
sound of things.
What other musicians or producers
would you like to work with, say on your
next album or in the future? _
Peter: 1 don’t know. We been thinking
about doing a couple of singles at the mo-
ment, and I talked to Todd Runtgren
_ about it, he’s one possibility. Nick Lowe
could do one, but Runtgren is more likely.

It sounds like you would be heading
into a very poppish direction.

 Peter: Well, the singles thing is a
, separate thing for me. My attitude is that

on albums, i get on with making the music
which ever way i want. If i cut a single,

  

up.“ nl'mV—qu ~-.r.«,,.,.,.,_,.,._,_.‘ Km

    

   

 

   

then i will try to play by the rules, as it
were.

Speaking of albums, were there any

concepts you had in mind when you
started the new album?
Peter: lwanted t to be drier. i wanted it to
be a little more experimental.

Why did you simply call it Peter
Gabriel again this time?
Peter: Well, I like the name! The idea is
that it is a little bit like a magazine. Like a
Time or Newsweek that has the same ti-
tle and a different picture on the front,
you recognize the album more by the pic-
ture than by the name.

What exactly prompts you to write a
song?
Peter: 1 think deadlines, no, it's all kinds
of things. i have a notebook that l carry

August 1978

 

atcher of the Skies Plays by the Rules

from an American record company once,
a couple of people there definitely didn’t

like it. in Europe, 1 think it seems stronger.

Are you planning to maybe do an
American tour this year?
Peter: Yes, i would like to be there
between September and November. lam
not sure exactly which point, but i will
definitely be coming over.

What do you feel about the current
music scene, like new wave groups and

London, and some of those things are
supposed to be going up there. At the
moment, i just use them to frighten old
ladies at night time.

I heard at one time that you were
considering doing a sequel to “The Lamb
Lies Down on Broadway" as a solo
effort. Are you still considering that?
Peter: i don't know when I said that, but
l'm not interested, no. The only thing 1
was interested in was the film being done

 

“1 think that there were probably
instances in Genesis when each of
the band at certain points didn’t
like certain material.”

super groups like U.K.?

Peter: U.K. lhaven‘t heard yet, actually,
but 1 think the new wave thing can be
made good. lthink the music we listen to
is getting a little bit complacent, and it

needed some picking up. I think part of the

success of the industry is when you get
into thinking of things as products, and its
out of control. l’m sure the time will come
when new wave bands will occupy the
same position that the established bands
now occupy, but at the moment i think
they are more spontaneous and have
more life than some of the big sellers.
What kind of music do you listen to
now? Before you mentioned Todd
Runtgren and Nick Lowe. is that the type
of music that you like to listen to while
you’re not doing your own work?
Peter: I don't generally listen to them
that much, but [like some music to dance
to or music to relax, so it will vary. Just
recently I have been listening to Elvis
Presley records and Bruce Springsteen.

 

“The cat has just pulled in a semi-
live mouse. I think it’s no longer
semi-live; it’s now a dead mouse.”

 

W

around with me to jot down ideas, and
I’ve got a cassette to record a lot of rub-
bish.

Have you ever been forced by any cir-

cumstances to keep a song off an album
or keep one on that you didn't really feel
belonged there?
Peter: Well, not in my own two albums. I
think that there were probably instances
in Genesis when each of the band at cer-
tain points didn't like certain material.

Do you like this album more than the
first album, personally?

Peter: Yes, 1 do. l had mixed reactions

What gives you the ideas to do an in-

teresting concept like the fade out in
"White Shadow?"
Peter: The idea of running it into the
groove was actually Robert’sIFripp] not
mine. 1 always used to like the old tickets
for the old Beatle things,where they stick
things on the end of grooves, and . . .

i understand that in your stage act
now, you do very little theatrics like you
did in Genesis. What did you do with all
the costumes you had then?

Peter: They’re working on the rock sec

tion of the Victorian-Albert Museum in

___________________._.__._————————-—-—-

with that, but the man i wanted to do it
with didn’t work out, so that too made .1
dent in the plans.

Have you ever had any regrets about

leaving Genesis?
Peter: No, I didn’t. i think I feel much
freer now, you know, and i think i
wouldn't be very happy if I were still
there.

Would you ever consider working with

them on an informal basis, like session
work?
Peter: Only if they paid me outrageously.
No, ldon't think so. lthink they enjoy the
space they have now too. It is perfectly
amicable.

Have you ever been unsatisfied when
an album came out with your work on it?
Peter: When i look back, it seems that,
yes, I could do better. i think when you
are completely satisfied with what you
do, it's time to give up, but I don't feel
haunted or persecuted by it.

On your new album, you cover the in
ner sleeve with spots or actually squares
with various instruments and pictures
and drawings. What significance do all
these things have, or is that just
something that the album designers IN”
on?

Peter: No. The idea out lhere,which was
an idea which really bombed, was that we
did away with having the track listings.
lhe musician listings, written out,wo did it
with pictures. But in the end it got too
complicated, so you have pictures and
the musicians plus some of the ill
struments he plays or most of the in
struments spread around in different
places, rather than atrack by trnckdis

guise, which was what i was originallv
hoping for.

You use Roy Bitlan on the keyboards.
Do you like working with people who do
a lot of work here in America with rm l\
and roll artists like Meatloaf and
Springsteen?

Peter: Yes, I wantcd to use Roy for flu:
first album, in fact. 1 think Roy's an in
credible player. Most keyboard player'5
are eiﬂier rock rhythm players or prac-

 

 

tically bass players. Very few people are
able to feel both styles, and not overplay,
and when i write the songs, and when
Roy plays them, l think he plays exactly
what l would play if l could.

Do you feel that your album is getting

thepromotion it deserves here in the Un-
ited States?
Peter: You tell me that, l'm in England. I
did a very quick promotion tour, and i
saw a couple of people and they seemed to
be into it. i think it was just a couple of
people at the head office that weren't into
it initially. At least they expect to hear
from me.Generally, when it comes down
to office relations, everything is great and
you get a lot of things. You don't always
get a lot of things from a silver spoon, but
you don't always get the grief. But i like it
when people tell me when they don't like
things because then if they do like
something after that point, then I feel i
can relax.

How did the company feel about

you split with Genesis?
Peter: Charisma originally was very
freaked out because they were a small
company, or are a small company, and
they were having other business troubles
at that point, and there was the chance
that they might have gone out of business
in that year, so they didn't want anyone to
rock the boat at all. l feel very confident
breaking from Genesis, and then making
it for myself. It was about the songwriters.
You know, if there's one or two
songwriters in a band, then there's very
little chance of hearing from anyone else
in the band again.

On the album, you say you learnedto

play a little bit of saxophone?
Peter: What I meant was that lworked
with saxophone. [didn't mean that lwas
dOingil myself. l'm not really a saxophone
player.

Did you ever want to play an instru-

ment while you were in Genesis as a
band member?
Peter: I used to play a bit of flute. There
are certain things, some of the songs
which i wrote keyboard parts, you know,
On my stuff, that I would have liked to
have been able to play, but l think Tony
looked after the keyboard console quite
well. There were a couple of attempts
made from Anthony Phillips when he was
the leader of the band, he used to be a
keyboard player as well. I clon'l feel bad
about that because Tony was a better
Player. From my point of view, lwould on-
just the opportunity to have my way on
something.

What do you think about the other
solo albums that have come all 0/
Genesis, like Anthony Phillips and Steve
Hackett?

Peter: Well, I think some of Anthony'5 I
like a lot. 1 think he's an excellent writer.l
think he was the instigator more than
Michael at the early 12—slring sound that
Genesis used to use and still uses to some
extent. Jim Summers is too sWeet for me
personally, but, he‘s very able. Steve, 1
think, is strong in the areas of sound, l
don't always like the way he strings things

4.

together, but I think he's worked very
hard on his records, some i think are
better than others.

When you were with Genesis, did you

like the earlier albums better than the
later ones like, “Selling England by the
Pound," and “The Lamb?"
Peter: The two things 1 like best about
the albums is “Supper's Ready," and the
“Lamb Lies Down." I just thought that
they were what we were tryingto achieve
with the bond.

Do you think that you would like to do

thentrics again like you did in Genesis on
your solo tours?
Peter: Not like i did in Genesis. lf I've got
u good relationship set up with the
audience that isn't based on either
Genesis or on tiny .iddilional show, but
just on the music and what the people up
on the stage are pulling out rather than
spaceships, etc, and if I feel good about
that, then there's one sort of multimedia
thing which We still got in mind which
was a story I wrote alter Mozo, and that
may surface.

You seem to be very happily married,
by the letter that come with the album,
and liner notes and things like that. Do
youfind that most of your associates are
not or are?

Peter: When you say associates, do you
mean, musicians, or people that I work
with specifically?

[guess lmeun other musicians. Do you
find that they have successful marriages?
Peter: No, they're all business. They're
capable ol destroying marriages.

And, lguess, to what do you attribute

the fact that yours hasn't been
destroyed?
Peter: Luck, 1 don't know, l'm just sitting
outside my cottage here, and the cat has
just pulled in n semi-live. mouse. 1 think it's
no longer semi-live, it's now a dead
IUOUSU.

[guess that you llUl? out in the coun-
tryside?
Peter: Yes.

Do you do some of your recording

there?
Peter: Well, i don't at the moment, but l
would like to, this place I live in is quite a
small collage, but I've just rented a place
up the road which might be large enough
or least there's room there.

Does flll' country atmosphere help

you write?
Peter: 1 don't know, We written some
stuff on the last album in American and
some here. And i do relax here. I was
born in the country, so people tend to
relax like they used to, but 1 spend
enough time on the road anyway in cities
and things to get lost with that.

Are you able to write well when you're
on tour?

Peter: No. I generally find that, i don’t
know, lcan get a lyric sometimes, maybe
some musical idea, but i don't have the
lime to follow them through onlhe road.

Do you like to tour?

Peter: l do enjoy it but i wouldn't like to
do too much of it because you see a few
zombies walking around that have been

doing it a long time and things get a little
unhealthy, like any job where you
specialize too much.

What kind of differences do you find

between American and European and
British audiences?
Peter: 1 don't know. lthink some coun-
tries in Europe are really noisy and
enthusiastic, in France and ltaly and
places. in America and England, one
town is very different than another, you
would find out very quickly which places
you are appreciated and which you are
not.

On your American tour, do you on—
ticipote that you will be playing in the
Northeast, say New York City?

Peter: Yes, l'm sure we will have adate in
New York.

Polar, what do you think about the
English performers that have left your
country to escape the taxes?

Peter: l don't have anything quite
unliomilistic. 1 am actually not in that in-

come bracket, so it is not a problem that i

really worries me. 1 think, well, each man
to himself. I think it ought to be a bit
similar to sports, because musicians will
be made good at unionizing themselves,
at least rock musicians. ln lacl,they have
a short life span in terms of years to earn
money. I think sports people have
themselves better set up so that when
their main career comes to an end,
there's some left over. With rock people
that doesn‘t happen.

On the new album you tend to do the
vhole album as a whole as opposed to

;/____————__—_-_-.-————'—__————————/—

“U.K. i haven’t h

but 1 think the new wave thing can

be made good.”

M—

the first album where the two sides seem
to be very different, is there any reason
for that?

Peter: No, it wasn‘t planned like that, it
was more a coincidence. On the first
album I was more cautious, at first to go
for variety.

Sort of an attempt to keep yourself
from being indentifled with Genesis?
Peter: l was trying to get out of that
pigeon hole.

And, [guess you didn't feel that need.
Do you feel that you're recognized as a
solo artist apart from Genesis now?
Peter: I think it's a lot better than it was.
It's been about four years now since I left.
Maybe they would file me under ex-
Genesis, but the people that listen to
music, there is a good chance that they
will be hearing me as separate by now.

Why the long break before the first

album, and the long break between the
first and second albums. Have you taken
that long to actually be working, or have
you been vacationing?
Peter: i wasn't sure lwanted to carry on
performing, and lwanted time to clear my
head from music people, and function on
an ordinary every day level for a while.
And We took about 14 months or
something like that, which is longer than 1
intended it to be, but l'm not the world's
fastest worker.

Albany Student Press 5

   
  
 

Do you possibly visualize yourself as
forming a band in the future, instead of
working just session men on youralbum?
Peter: Well, 1 don‘t think of them as just
session men, particulary Tony,
McGuniness, and Larry. What I would
like to get is a board of musicians who will
get along on a friendship level as well as a
musical level, and from whom i can pull
out a band when 1 need to. But l’m not
prepared to make a committment full
time.

So then you just want musicians that

you can have a friendship relationship
with, but not necessarily totally a
business relationship?
Peter: Yes, 1 like all the people i work
with to be people I get along with. What
keeps me alive is to be able to live outside
of this music, and talk about other things
than music. That‘s important to me.

What kind of interest do you have out-

side of music?lknow a lot ofErIglish rock
and rollers have an interest in soccer. Is
that one of yours?
Peter: No, not really. lwasn’l that good
at it at School, so I tended to do things 1
was good at, and soccer was not one of
them. I used to like in the way of sports,
tennis. l go jogging a bit now, which is
more on your own responsibility.

Do you devote a lot of lime to this kind
of activity outside of music?

Peter: l'm trying to educate myself in
some of the sciences, art, technology,
and things, and keep abreast of all of that,
because l think there's a lot of things that
interest me and i want to move into some

eard yet actually,

_—

of those things at some point, when I can
afford it.

Do you think you'd like to produce an
album, to get into that type of thing like
Robert Fripp has done?

Peter: I'd rather stick to what 1 can do,
but I don't know, at this point ldon't see a
particular interest. There is a local band
here that i might get involved with but i
don't know it it would be production

One last question, just where and
when and how did you get involved in, i
guess Genesis was yourfirsl band, right?
Peter: Well, that was the school band
really. And then we began somewhere,
and got the band together.

So it was almost on accident that you
started into music?

Peter: Well, it wasn't an accident that I
started in music, but 1 think we thought
initially that we could be song writers
rather than having to go through all the
hard work and taking it out on the road
and stuff, but i enjoy it a lot but at that
time the song writing interest was a lot

stronger.

Also, do you get tired of people
remembering that you were in Genesis?
Peter: it’s funny you mention that. l do
get tired of it, yes. But that goes with the
job.

We want to thank you a lot.
.Peter: Thanks very much.

 

  

 

 

