 

«.— .._Au..‘..c..‘=..._..,.~.m..,._— ......—».. w . A ‘
“"‘“ "M M“"‘"'“ ’ -  ' V ' i ‘ I 0.»;

r u. .. .- »

Law Threatens Student Renters

grouping ordinance was not meant
to harass students.

 

 

 

 

 

l

  

 

t

riwoifld;ncws briefs;
Us     huge cloud of sulfuric acid which‘arosc following a train

derailment, officials said yesterday. The crews poured tons of

years, the authors estimate, the rate dropped from‘4.6 (o 4.1
births per woman of childbearing agein l48countries. “only
[0 years ago. doomsday prophesizing called for mass

change the rules". said Phinney.
“Our bureau must enforce what

by Sheryl Fowler
SUNYA‘s off-campus students

 

 

CAIRO. EGYPT (AP) Diplomats report the Carter
administration plans to dget Egyptand lsrael involved in joint
economic projects fun ed by the United States as soon as
they sign a peace treaty. The sources said administration
ofﬁcials plan to lose no time in getting the two countries
working together in a relationship that will cement the treaty,
but they are having trouble coming up with enough ideas to
match the amount of spending envisaged. The diplomats.
who are Western refused to be quoted by name, said there
was favorable sentiment in Congress to increase U.S. aid to
Egypt by about 50 percent to roughlySl.5 billion yearly. Aid
to lsrael would be beefed up similaer. Much of the extra aid -
money would be earmarked for projects of common interest
to the two neighboring countries. which have been in a state
of war for the past 30 years. “The trouble is there are not
enough projects easily identiﬁable that the two countries
could getinterested in," one source said. Egypt and lsraclare
separated by the l40-mile-wide Sinai Desert. which lsrael
occupied inthe l967 war. Underthe projected treaty it is to
be returned to Egypt in a maximum ofthree years.

The Question of Adoption

ATLANTA (AP) The case of a woman who wants to adopt
an ailing older friend is going back to superior court for a
hearing on whether an adult can become the “parent” of an
older person. The Georgia Court of Appeals, in a ruling
Tuesday, sent the case back to the Douglas County court.
where Judge Arthur Fletcher had dismissed the adoption
request without a ltearing. The appeals court said the lower
court liitd to consider the request of the woman‘s lawyer,
Ronald SanFilippo. The higher court. however. declined to

lime in pools of the spilled hazardous chemical. which forced
most of the 3,800 residents of this town fromtherr homes. It
be able to return.
“They're makinga great big Altra Seltzer," one ofﬁcial said _of
A cloud about three-quarters of a mile
long. a quarter-mile wide and a half-mile high had spewed
out of two tank cars that ruptured when a Loursvrllc and
derailed just after 4 pm.
Wednesday. No on was injured in the derailment. A train
wrecker was moved into place duringthe night and dragged
one of the derailed tank cars fromthe tracks.clearingthem.

was not known how soon they would

the creWs' efforts.

Nashville Railroad train

Americans Buying Houses

WASHINGTON (AP) American families are taking extra
jobs and stretching budgets to buy houses. but eventuallythe
burden may be too much. money lenders say. “Uplto this
point. people have been able to afford it." said Dennis J.
Jacobe. a savings and loan economist. " However. if inﬂation
continues the wav it is. we have our doubts whether that can
continue in the long run." Despite soaring housing prices
and interest rates. Americans are continuing to buy larg;
snr

Wednesday the number of housing units started in
September rose 1.4 percent over August. reuchinga rate that
would mean 2.07 million new buildings for the year.
Economists have been expecting housingdemands todecline.
but instead it is gcttingstronger. The United States League of
in a report
Wednesday: Forty-live percent ofthe house—buying families
People are also cutting back on
investments and other consumer goodsto pay fortht: houses.

numbers of houses. The Commerce Department

Savings Associations gave one reason

ilich TWO \Vilgt: earners.

starvation. world chaos and possible world War by the year
2000... says their report, published Wednesday. “lf recent
trends continue.
resolvable."

Carey and Duryea Debate

ALBANY. N.Y.

to do all those things.

the world population crisis appears

(AP) Both major party candidates for
governor are promising to avoid state tax increases -de§pjtc
the fact that they are also promising hundreds of millions of
dollars in increased state aid to schools to meet a court order.
Democratic Gov. Hugh Carey and Republican challengerI
Perry Duryea. meeting in the fourth debate of their campaigni
Wednesday night, each declared that their promises to hold
the line on state taxes and even enact tax cuts will stick,
despite the need to inject huge new sums of money into the
school systems. For that matter. each also promised slate
dollars to keep transit fares subsidized at their present levels.
improve mental health programs. aid New York City and
meet other objectives. also wrtnout rncreasrng taxes. nut in
the two-hour marathon, staged in Rochester by the League
of Women Voters and broadcast statewide over the
educational television netwark, each expressed Skcplicisin
about whether the public could believe the other's promises

City Residency Law Rejected‘

NEW YORK(AP) A local law rcquiringresidencyinthc city l
as a requirment for all future city employees. beginning No\.
l. was thrown out yesterday by ajtrdgc who ruled that it

should be prepared to deal with en-
f orcemcnt of Albany‘s anti-grouping
ordinance, according to Director of
the Albany Housing Code Enforce-
ment Bureau. Art Phinncy.

The anti-grouping ordinance cites
four or more unrelated persons liv-
ing in the same apartment as a major
housing code violation. Previously.
the ordinance had been rarely en-
forced.

“I don‘t make the rules and cannr‘

Several SUN

comes down and is written in the
housing codes. The anti-grouping
ordinance is one such example."
According to Phinney, the rights
and responsibilities of both student
tenants and permanent residents of
Albany are involved in the anti-
grouping ordinance. Both groups
must be prepared to deal with each
and every law that applies to them
concerning the Albany housing
. les.

" Campuses

Nix SASU Membership Bid

by Charles Bell

SUNY Campus memberships to
the Student Association of the State
University (SASU) will expire on'
Nov. 1. and while most campuses
have made committments to join.
several still remain outside the
organization.

A lack of money has been most
often the reason cited by Student
Association ofﬁcials from the non-
member campuses. SASU
membership cost 85 cents for every
full-time student. For an enrollment

not tojoin SASU.

However. the lack of funds in
campus student activity budget does
not tell the whole story behind some
campuses‘ refusal to join.

Plattsburgh SA Vice President,
Bob Harding, said that the Student
Senate there “wasn't too impressed"
by the SASU Central representatives
who visited the campus. Harding
said that SASU made a presentation
before Plattsburgh's Senate con-
taining elements "we found were not
true."

“Essentially the ordinance is to
assure all residents of Albany,
students or otherwise. that they be
given safe housing. Abuses of the or-
dinance are mainly the fault of
landlords and tenants who prefer to
ignore it.“ he said.

However, according to OCA ad-—
visor Bruce Cronin. the Housing
Code Enforcement Bureau has been
setting unfair conditions for
students. “Off-campus students are
being singled out in the community
as a single group," said Cronin. “the
Code Enforcement Bureau seeks to
know where each off-student lives.
This is not only being unfairly selec-
tive. but is also an invasion of
privacy.“ I

Off-campus SUNYA student
Brian Ferris lives in an apartment
that is over the limit of three un-
related persons. and therefore in
violation of the anti-grouping or-
dinance. Since he is the only one that
did not signs the lease. the pending
eviction decision will determine
whether or not he continues to live
where he is.

“Our apartment had been the
cause for the complaints made over

Student Brian Fen-ls In testing

served an eviction notice by our
landlady and told to appear in court
at the end of September. We hopeto
repeal the constitutionality of the
anti-grouping ordinance and
therefore win our case.“

Ferris believes that the anti-
grouping ordinance is simply
"outrageous."chargingthatstudents
are being singled out for harassment.

  

the constltutlonallty ot the antl- v
grouplng houslno ordinance In court. (Photo: Carolyn Sodgwlcli)

Albany.”

There is no clear cut solution to
the problem. according to Phinney.
Students do, however. have the right
to exert pressure in order to get the
anti-grouping ordinance repealed.

According to Student Association
of the State University (SASU)
delegate Sharon Ward. students
registering to vote in Albany could

I ‘ ' " ‘ ' " ' ' ‘ ' ‘  ‘ ’ ' i ' mm“ " l' -d 't't'luw “Thclc ulinfirmities of Local Law More _

r  ii - u-sti n ofado tron. ln oura al WL basic-lily “K ltllbUL hdld- AN] "10“ 0f "km “Tc Bt-mnb’. TOW” \it) are s .r t. . g I V , .  , , . . ,_ . . .

'igkldd‘fwd‘iu‘i‘lczioiis - WTICITTCI’ or not ajudigzccan summarily Pill’lllcnls- so glaring that this attempt by the New York City Council to mac b“? ‘Ff S U N YbA: $8353 “Icy “)Ok Cer“ {0' Emmﬂ Sluf ‘h" _5“Tm" by ne'Bhb°“-" “id SWdcms “cm 3° b‘ limml “PP‘d influence the outcome through
ltfismissa request for adoption without a hearingand whether impose residency as a condition of municipal employment is m_ m e” 'p cc runs a 0“ def“. [fplcsenl‘fnon 0“ “‘3 C‘m‘B‘ Ferm' I“ “my S‘P‘Cmb" “’5 WC" 0" by "cryonc "mum"! u“ my my voting pressure.

I . said Justice Sidney H. Asch of the start- . P” yen" Auxrllrary Services.Actually, one of

San Filippo said

clearly invalid.“

l’lattsburgh SA Executive Vice

our past presidents did that." said

Overpopulat'ion Not a Crisis

WASHINGTON (AP) The doomsday of an overpopulath
world may not arrive after all. say two population experts
who tiotc that birth rates in developing nations are declining
faster than sociologists had expected. indeed. the world's
average childbearing rate declined signiﬁcantly between 1968
and 1975. says University of Chicago demographcrs Amy
Ong’l‘sui and Donald J. Bogue ina new report. In these seven

ii person can adopt an older person,"
Wednesday. No hearing date has been set. SanFilippo said if
the adoption is stilldisallowed afterthe hearing. he would ﬁle
another appeal.

Small Town Must Evacuate

MADISONVHLLE. TENN. (AP) Civil Defense crews
kinking through the night Wednesday got rid of most of a

Supreme Court. Thcjudgc said. however. that residency law.
in general were legal. He said they should be eiiuctcd by thr
state legislature rather than a local government. The ruling
caiuc less than 24 hours after the city Board of Education
ordered it rcsidcncy requirement for teachers even tougher
than that enacted by the city. Asch acted on an appeal by
unions representing uniformed municipal employees. who
work in the fire. police arid correction departments. I j

President Bob Harding said "We're
running a really tight ship." and ex-
plained that there was no room in the
budget for their $5000 SASU
membership fee.

Spokesmen for Stony Brook. Buf-
falo State and Broekport Student
Associations also said that ﬁnancial
problems played roles in the decision

Harding.

“SASU claimed to be the ﬁrst one
to approach Chancellor Wharton on
increasing the student tax ceiling,"
added Harding. Harding claimed
that the current SA President. Bruce
Manti, had ﬁrst discussed the issue
with Wharton.

Harding said that as a result of
these discrepencies. Mantiwitbdrew

continued on page ﬁve

UAS Board of Directors Elected g

Norbert Zahm, said that the cor-
poration this past year. July I977 -
June I978. made over $53,000. This

by Edith Berelson
A new UAS Board of Directors
was elected. and the annual fiscal
report of the corporation was
. presented at the fall UAS
membership board meeting Tues-
day.
UAS General

President. Paul Feldman. Arthur
Collins was elected Vice President.
Elizabeth Luty, treasurer. and
Yet". h0WV"."W°'T¢ bUdSﬂCd mil Virginia LaTourrettc, secretary.
Ye“ ‘0 10“ money. approximately Fertig and Luty are students,Collins
.Sllt).000." He said that it would be is a faculty member and
diff-1W" ‘0 Pied“:t "ll? Year's ﬁnal“ LaTourrettc is Zahm‘s sedretary.
is, this year's ﬁnancial situation. Students Abbie Havkins and Adele
"'01" "'5’" {manual Sluicmcmv Goldberg were elected chair and
which covers the past three months. Vicbchﬂir. respectively.
will let us knowaboutwhat wedid in The 8mm“ membership of UAS
“W Push" hc Sﬂi‘L consists of students who are rec-
AllhDUBh ""3 Prices or {00“ ha": commended bytlie SA president and

 

 

 

 

 

Editor's Note: Second in a series on
SASU membership.

Crime Prevention Unit Is Formed

 

Those interested should pick up applications in the CUl-i\ Manage“
office for tutoring positions. if you‘re interested in being
tutored. drop in at CUE also.

Signurn Laudis was established in I930 to further and
acknowledge academic achievement. Each spring 4% of the
junior class with a cum above 3.5 on 50 credits are invited to

about twelve hundred undergraduate and graduate students
’ have registered; about eight hundred did last year.
According to Haber. there are a lot more registered
Democrats than Republicans. Many students have registered
under the independent party said Sharon Ward. a Student

  
  
 

   

Thls blllboerd across from campus encourages walkers
on their 20 mllo hlko. (Photo: Roanne Kulakoll)

Are You Walking?

Well, are you'.’

If you‘re not. their are you sponsoring a fellow student on
his 20—mile trek this Saturday?

Telethon‘s annual hike for callouses and dollars will be
held tomorrow. with proceeds goingto the Wildwood School
for the developmentally handicapped.

The plod from Dutch Quad to Washington Park and back
is expected to be it resoundingsuccess. accordingto Telethon
treasurer Richie Block.

“We've got u lot of new walkers this year." he said.
"including a number of iithlctic teams and the Delta Sig
pledges . . . we‘re counting on a big turnout.“

Keep on wiilkiii'.

Stufﬁng the Ballot Box

Voter registration lius been more successful this year as
compared to last year. accordingto Leslie Huber. Co—chnir of
the New York Public interest Group(NYPlR(i). This year

 

 

 

 
   

— Steve Oster

Republican.

application is Nov. 4. It
nooit. Registration is

. elections.

"Students are encouraged to vote in Albany.” said Haber.
“We can use their vote to bring about changes in Albany.
such as in city politics.“ Ward said that the problem with the
absentee ballot is that we don‘t elect people who represent us.
"if students register to vote in Albany. we can gain political
she said. "And Landlords [who] have refused
to act on complaints of poor housing conditions...will have

power."

to."

—- Wendy Greenﬁeld

Rally Round

Association of the State University(SASU) delegate. Ward
said that most students from Nassau County registered

The deadline for the absentee ballot application is Oct. 3 l.‘
lf yoir do not have an application you can pick up one at the
I SASU or NYl’lRO office. in the third ﬂoor of the Campus

' Center. The deadline for mailing the absentee ballot

must be in no later than Nov. 7 at
over for this year's gubernatorial

join. Additionally. in the fitll another 4% are inducted.

Qualified seniors will be receiving letters within the next

few weeks informing them.

Pie Are Round

Manager of Campus Center It

Service Les Hyncs.

fulfil their appetites.

—-Jll| Haber

A rally advocating state funding of abortions and a pro-

cltoice stand on the issue will be held Wednesday

at the
state capitol building. Sponsored by SASU, Feminist

A Bit of the Blarney

Alliance and United Students of Albany, among others. the

rally will feature prescntutons and speakers on women's art.
theatre. poetry. music rind politics. as well as abortion related

issues.

-— Jlll Haber

Get Smart

qualified tutors can be rounded tip.
Signurn‘s Public Relations Co-ordinator

Signum Laudis. a SU N Y A academic honor society, will be
sponsoring a free tutor service. providctl that enough

Michelle
Carpenter said that tutor positions are open to anyone who Dept. Chair Daniel Casey. Oneonin. NY I]
demonstrates expertise or knowledge of a certain subject of (007) 431-3440.
subjects. Especially needed are math rind business whims.

Ireland. complete with a four credit course titled

Backgrounds to American immigration." Participants Will
be housed in Dublin at St. Patrick‘s College as well as at
other centers throughout Ireland. Courses will be triuglit by
distinguished Irish lecturers from the National Universil)’v
'l llt‘

the Abbey theatre. and other government agencies.

Program runs from Dec. 26 to Jrrrr. l6 and costs $040. lot
more information write or call SUNY ()ltcmllll'b [English
ille or telephone

Applications are titre Nov. ii.

 

 

PAGE Two

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

(Lsunya news briefsja

OCTOBER 20, 197B

—Stcvc ()slcr

Will it be mushrooms or pepperoni? Soon the Rathskcllcr
l’ub will serve full [5 inch diameter pizza pics with a choice of
toppings. They‘ll be available seven evenings a week tocat in
the Rat orto take back to a dorm room. Prices start at $2.00
with extra charges for toppings. According to Assistant
ood Service Paul Arnold, full
size pizzas were a feature at the Rat several years rigo, but
were replaced with the square pizza-by—the-slicc which the
Rat currently serves. “We thought groups would like the ftill
size pizza.“ explained Manager ofthe Campus Center Food
But he said the full size pizzas would not
be available during the day because there wasn't enough ovcn
space. So pizza fans will have to wait 'til the dinner hour to

Don‘t have a job lined up over intersession and don't want
to hang out with the folks for three weeks? SU N Y OlN-‘Ontﬂ IS
offering a chance to get away from all that with a program in
“li'islr

—-.|ill llriltcr

 

 

lry Steve Oster

University Police have created a
crime prevention unit in hopes of
cutting campus thch by “at least ﬁfty
per cent." according to unit co-

coordinator Investigator (iary
()‘L‘onnor.
O‘Connor. who will share

leadership ol the trrrit with Ofﬁcer
Doug Kci'n. explained that its
philosophy is that if the number of
opportunities for crime can be
reduced. it follows that the actual
number ol'crimcs will fall consistent-
IV.

According to SUNYA Pollc

OCTOBER 20. 1978

a. most thefts are pro
follow the procautlon of Iocklnu thelr doors (Photo:

“Crimes on this campus are crimes
of opportunity . . . a door is left un—
locked . . . a room unattended." he
said. “and if we cart educate students
in prevention. we can cut crime con-
sitlerribly."

O‘Connor described the brunt of
such education its urging students to
lock their doors. 11) their property
with tlic cngravcrs provided by the
quad ofﬁces and to promptly report
any strangers wandering around the
dorms.

He explained that the unit would
eventually seek to prevent all forms

  
 
   

 

ventablo If students
Bob Leonard)

of campus crime, including dorm
and academic thefts. library thefts
and crimes against persons. For
_ now. however. its efforts will be con-
centrated in the area of dorm theft.
which O‘Connor said is the main
forth of property loss.

“lo [977. $78,633 in property was
lost to students in 78 burglaries. . .
many of which could have been
prevented." he said. “In most cases,
students simply left their door open
and walked away."

O‘Connor outlined a typical theft
scenario: A student goes to dinner.
leaving his door unlocked because
his suitematc is present. Later. when
his suitcinate goes down to dinner.
he leaves the suite door unlocked.
unaware that another room door is
open. A potential thief, almost
always a non-student. patrolling the
dorm forjust a situation, knocks on
the door and enters when he receives
no answer. llc knocks again on the
open room door. confident that if
anyone is there, he can easily claim
that he is looking for some other per-
son's suite.

"In a matter of a minute or two.
the tlteft is completed and the thief
long gone.”

O‘Connor explained that com-
munication with students will be the
most critical and difficult task the
unit will undertake.

"The university coriinrunity is uni-
que . . . a city within it city whose
geography allows us to initiate
preventative measures, provided
that we ciiii drive home our poitit to
the students." he said.

The unit‘s; uriiiii thrust. according

continued on page sewn

increased. Zalim said that present
SUNYA meal plan rates have not
been raised for the past four years.
“We have the lowest board rate of
any school in the SUNY system. and
we still btry the best quality food we
can buy."

The deficit will be covered by the
corporate reserves, which Zahm ex-
plained is nroricy set aside front cor-
porate savings.

There is about $l0t),0t)0 of unap-
propriated money in the corporate
reserves. “So we‘ll essentially eat it
all up." Zahm said.

About the possibility of a boitrd
incrcasc for the ﬁscal year of July
I979 to June 1980. Ziihm said, "i
think that from the practical stand-
point that sincc we'vcdccidcd to lose
money this year and we are using up
the corporate reserves there will need
to be an adjustment to the board
rate. ldon‘tsee how we can avoid it."

Newly elected. 1978-79 UAS
President Michael Fertig said. “lfit‘s
at all feasible. l'd deﬁnately like to
see the board rates stay the same.
Right now it's too early to tell. The
decision won't be made until
February."

One of the reasons that board in-
creases arc difﬁcult to determine. ac-
cording to Zuhm is the unpredic-
tability of food prices. "It‘s difﬁcult
to budget food prices in March when
you've got to estimate what they will
be iii the next 18 months." he said.

in addition to Fertig‘s election, the
20 member UAS Board of Directors
was voted upon.

The lloard ofDirectors consists of
ten students, seven faculty members.
two administrators and one alum-
nus. According to last year's UAS

approved by Central Council. facul-
ty. and administrators who select
from amongtheir representatives the
llorird of Directors. The duties
of the membership. according to
labor are to elect the Board. ap-
prove the budget. and amend the
bylaws. They meet in the fall to elect
the Board of Directors and in the
spring to approve the budget and
make any amendments to the
bylaws. The membership made no
amendments to the bylaws at their
meeting last spring. according to
Ziiliin.

Fertig said. “i see this as being a
good year for UAS. There's a lot of
coniinuity on the board this year[six
of the ten members are returning
froin last year]. Every quad and the
Wellington is represented, There's
also a variety of representatives from
all student classes. The fact that we
do have returning students to the
board gives us more continuity and
will enable us to be able to start ad-
justing ourselves to the issues
earlier." .

The Board of Directors meets ap-
proximately every month. and the
student members. according to Fer-
tig will be working on projects in-
volving aspects ofthe UAS corpora-
tion. For example. he said some
students will become experts in the
field of check cashing.

Areas that Fertig would like to see
action taken in this yeararc“a possi-
ble investigation into the bookstore
contract; we have to see ifthe present
set-up is the best we can have. in-
Cl‘cllScd communication to the
students on how UAS runs. rind how
students can give input."

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

' PAGE THREE

 

