 

, V . $31.,t;lp,5ﬁs.v_v_s‘o.v~ F' v - r 17- s a .1 r. g a Q r c a x r a s t ' ‘.| IA 0 - n u 0 v we re or-r sivv'.”’.f}

‘ '  Movo'iTo Alt”
Brod Confusion For Many

 

——"—‘_—v ' o ,' tor oftheABCafﬁllatequetroihwill
vi ‘ 8" DIM m handle the play-by-play chores. He

l ———_—
 ‘ nen ABC decided to was an Olympic commentator and
l

  
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 

By David Osborn

he Danes had just
'completed Monday's
practice session and the
locker room swelled with
the usual assortment of
towels, equipment and clothing.
While most of the squad began to
put away the jerseys and helmets
until Tuesday, cocaptains Brad
'Aldrich and Ken Paulo were upstairs
talking to assistant coach Mike
Motta.

His message to the pair was
delivered in a blunt, straight-forward
manner that had no chance for con-
fusion included. The two seniors
then walked downstairs still beam-
ing over the news. With confidence
and uprightness, the two
messengers strode into the locker

 

: 'telecast. the Albany- hasworked numerous regional foot-
J, lthaca game to complete ball telecasts. Terry Hanratty, a
g}  a Saturday afternoon former Notre Dame quarterback
y football doubleheader, and later a backup , with the
i ‘ the decision sent several campus Pittsburgh Steelers, will 'give the
. . organizations into a tizzy over ' color.
. deadline operations and forced the Two cameras will be utilized for
network itself into some quick the contest and they'll be
3. shufﬂing. supplemented by a slow-motion
9 ABC had to mold a commentary camera. ABC will probably occupy
l7: team together in a hurry  make the entire antiquated pressbox a
1; f -, ample accommodations at Bleecker Bleecker and force other media pod-f
é.l' Stadium for their telephone connec- ple into a newly-built pressbox facili-
‘ i " tions, microwaves, lights and broad- ty.
, cast faciliti. The SUNYA Pep in addition, the network will still
. Band had to string together a quick have to construct a few platforms
“5: act. But the most pressing task lay and will flytheirfamed-banners from
p with the Educational Communica- five locations.
3; tion Center's (ECC) need to develop "We are sensitive to the divisional
it} some sort of_.halftime promotion splits in college football andwe un-
f' piece. . ’ _ 3
1 “i got my ﬁrst call at 7:15 on Tues-
1

day night that PR [public relations]
2 i would be needing some type of
ii promo bit," said Grant Van Patten,
yl an Associate Director of ECG.
, "Now it could be ﬁlm, slide or video;
,l that was our decision. They asked
it for it at noon the next day. it seemed
‘l like one of the most impossible tasks
in my 16 years in the business."

Van Patten started a chain of
phone calls that eventually
assembled a ﬁlm crew at 7:30 the
next morning. “We had a lot of
slides, but that doesn’t seem like a
professional representation of a
school on television," he said. “All
our ﬁlm was outdated and it was
black and white anyway; video was
our only choice."

The crew ascended Mohawk
Tower and shot footage of the cam-
pus overview and then added a few
_ ground level shots in front of the
. gym. They shot until 10:20 and gar-
, nered 25-30 minutes that had to be

 

 

room and announced that Albany

 

 

i edited into a tidy one-minute derstand what they stipulate," said
-, production. In little more than an Bernstein. "This is a definite part of
hour,thetaskwascompletedandan college football. With no
ABC carrier whisked the prize off at scholarships or anything, they’re
11:40. playing hard-nosed football because
Meanwhile, the network was they want to play out there. I think
engaged in some speedy legwork of it's super that we can do a Division-
its own. Behind the direction of Don lll game." V
Berstein, producer Ellie Riger and The 1978 contract between the
assistant to the producer Joel Feld, NCAA and ABC mandates the
who graduated from here last year, network to cover three Division III
they shifted operations into high games during the regular season.
gear. Atechnical check on Bleecker i This fall they have aired St.
returned a positive answer. Lawrence vs. Hobard and Millsaps
"When we do Division [11 games, at Southwestern at Memphis.
we’re not looking for the Rose Bowl Bernstein says they were looking for
or anything,” said Bernstein. “As Ithaca and the Bombers are pivotal
long as our power, lights and micros to the telecast. However, ABC also .
check out, we’re ﬁne. The main wanted the Danes.
thing is that we can send a quality
game out of somewhere and do a
reasonable telecast. The game is the
essential here, not the facility."
Next the commentary team was i
all Ack gag ' ec-

fShowdown Facts:
Kickoff: 4:10 pm.

Tailgate Party: 2:30 pm.
Admission: S.A. Tax Card 50°

Students ‘l.00
Adults ‘2.00

  
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 

    

 

   
     
  
  
     
  

Shuttle Buses: Leaving at 2:45 pm.

Directions To Stadium From Campus:
Washington to Central

to Clinton and You’re There!

State would be on regional television
Saturday afternoon.

“At first i didn't believe them,"
said halfback Jack Burger,
remembering his initial response.
“There had been rumors all day and
everybody was walking over to the
coach during practiceasking him if it
was true. So at first i thought, well
it's just another one of Kenny's
tricks, that's all."

Burger's first reaction was wrong
and the Dane-Ithaca matchup will in.
deed be broadcasted over ABC
regionally at 4:10 from Bleecker
Stadium Saturday afternoon. The
general response was euphoric
among the players and depicted as
simply another impetus to build

 
 
   

 

  
 
 

   

 

 

w my mum. In
A Parking Lot' Mirabella

pressure for the Bomber show-

down.

“it will certainly add a little
something to the game and get the
adrenalin ﬂowing just that much
more," said offensive tackle Rich
Aufiero. "I won’t be nervous or
anything, but it will make the game
more pleasurable. I'll be on the tie-
line all day tomorrow telling people
to watch the game."

To accommodate the late start,
the contest will be switched to
Bleecker Stadium which is equipped
with lights. Albany was a 28-12 victor
over Southern Conn. earlier at
Bleecker, but the ﬁeld is overused
and often lacks the traction of Un-
iversity Field; rain usually turns it
into a slophouse.

“Personally, id rather play up
here on University Field, but l’d play
that game in a parking lot if we had
to," said senior fullback Mike
Mirabella. "l don't think the televis-
ing or the field will make too much
difference in the game; but it‘s great
for the School and the program to be
getting the added exposure."

Although the game will be beamed
to a broad section of the east, the
players echo one feeling in unison
that reﬂects an important point: they
can't see themselves. Watching
game films of their past individual
performances illuminates the action
much more vividly than being
spotlighted live in living rooms and
taverns.

“We can't see ourselves and once
the game gets started we'll lose
awareness of the camera since we
really want this game even without
the television," said linebacker Don
Hyde. ”it's still a big thrill though and
I can’t say l won’t try to playjust a lit-
tle more intensely, hit a little bit
harder, and get up just abit more."

One worry of head coach Bob
Ford was that the team and staff
would get a bit too caught up in the
enthusiasm and preparations need-
ed to stage this event and foresake
some football workouts. The staff is
equally exuberant over the decision
to telecast, and their glee combined
with extended legwork toward the
broadcast may prove simply too
draining.

“Right now l'd say everything is
just about set and we can start to
concentrate on football full-time."
Ford said, late Wednesday after-
noon. “Our staff’s attention has
already been divided enough, but
we're trying to keep the kids think-
ing about the game. lthaca's not go-
ing through any of this and they’re a
sensational team, we need more
time to concentrate on them."

On Wednesday, no practice time
had been missed and the actions
around the football offices proceed-

ed at the usual rate.

   
 
 

é‘w'ﬂwm’.wu<omz’

k

  
   
     
    
   
  
  
    
 

 

   
 

   
 

  
  

 

 

 
 

 

   
 

“13*”; I V
'n The Night

   

 

kcd at the bright green eyes which
ed to store through him, and the skin
ch was the color of a dead man‘s."
w our friend could see that well in the
kis a mystery. but he did.

no you feel sick?“ Red asked.
5 Red stared at him the man‘s face
ngcd until it was suffused with a pale
w, then disappeared. Things went

bad to worse. The horse started
ning faster and faster. Red ﬁnally
nang to stop him, though, and got
, Now get this-the moment his foot
ched the ground, the man reappeared
he seat and drove away as fast as he
Id so.
it you feel a cold chill creeping up
rspinc yet? No? Read this, then:

he ghost of a Civil War veteran may
nt the New York State Capitol. On
rch 28, |9| l, a fire nearly destroyed
Capitol. A man named Samuel J.
halt, a 78-yenrold custodian, died in
blaze. His charred body was found on
northwest side of the fourth floor.

is ghost is seen only by the
intcnancc folk, and then only in the
ning hours, as beﬁtting a custodian.
c Albany Times- Union reports:
USlOdliinS say they hear footsteps and
nilurc hcing moved where no furniture
sls. Several claimed to have brushed
hcold vapor-like clouds."

- bbins

ation, there is an increased interest in
occult and thc supernatural, Robbins
ims.
He has no problems filling his class,
way. Professor Robbins has 250
dents in his Witchcraft (English 289Q)
crgraduatc class, which meets twice a
kfrom Octobcrll until December l3.
' first class was what Robbins called a
tile celebration for Haloween.“
sdny at the Campus Center ballroom,
NYA lircnch department instructor
ry Beth Winn led costumed students
a l6th-ccntury dance, first in the
itional manner, then in the opposite
ction, as witches supposedly would.
EN (channel l0) television, of
any. filmcd part of the event.
’ hat is the SUNYA Witchcraft class
bout'.’
it is n vcry serious study of religion
history which uses a rationalist basis
how that we are actually dealing with
planned murder of 200,000 people by
church and stutc,“ Robbins told the
('ft‘f‘rflltt‘fit‘l‘ Nt‘tt’.\',. The goal of his
rn‘, Robbins said “is to cnconrttgc
cuts to rczili/c that bccliusc they arc
in. they are it rational human being,
Illcrclliic. they should not flCL‘L‘Pl
isllllollh,"
‘ nhhins. who makes his honic in
crllcs, is a well—known scholar not]
We professor in the field of Middlc
ltll (Iltltl-Mtltl). In addition to tilt
‘llcrltl't course, he lcnchcr two olhcr
Inh courses at SUNYA nch
itcr.
this wrillcn scvcrnl books of Middle
Iill vcrst: and at least two on
hem“ 'l'lrt' Litt'ralurt' (ef-
’ﬂ'rq/i and thc I5m'_i't'l()pt'dia of
I l""‘”]l and Dmionologl'. 'l‘hc
([uf’t'lffﬂ ( 1959). n stundnrd classic in
eld. is the textbook for thc witchcran
lInd took five summers to compile.

—Wendel| lleddon

 

 

..l.

 

 
  
 
    

lt tnut story didn’t make you hide
under the bed, here's a story told during
the depression of the early l9305: As a
woman was leaving one of the Catholic
churches in Albany, she met an old friend
on teh steps and stopped to talk. During
the conversation. she mentioned that she
had been praying for some sort ofjob for
weeks, but that her prayers were still
unnnswcrcd. The friend pcrsuadcd her to
go inside the church.

As they were leaving minutes later, a
young man came up to them and asked if
either was seeking employment. When
the woman said she wanted work as
housekeeper or companion, the young
man gave her the name and address of a
lady who needed both. The woman went
to that address and asked ifanyonc thcrc
needed it housekeeper or companion.

As Jones recounts it: “The lady of the
house said that shc certainly did, but she
was surprised to have anyone apply for
the place because she had told no one of
her need. The woman pointed to a picture
on the wall and said, ‘Why that‘s the
young man who came up to me as i came
out of church ycrtcrdny morning and
gave me your name and address.‘

“‘My dear woman, that is hardly
possihlc. That is :1 picture of my son who
died six months ago.“

Frankie has a face that only a mother could love. (Photo: Bob Leonard)

Costume Parties

cgcnd has it that on Halloween
the wall separating the dead
from the living dissolves and
ghosts are free to frolic about.
llallowccn wcckcnd at
SUNYA served to bring out our own
rcsidcnt ghosts and assorted nuts. A
ktilcidoscopic variety of outfits were
devised by the students. And naturally a
great number of parties were thrown all
over town whcrc the costumes could be
upprcdintcd and fantasies lived out.

 

Danny Goldberg

 

Tllt." most important wall that
disappeared this weekend was the social
hlirricr. Neighbors mct each other
through their mutual costuming
problems and rituals. Beforc the parties,
costumed charactch frantically knocked
on doors looking for last minute items:
crazy Armenians hunted for silly hats,
transvestites searched for stockings. All
the borrowing and sharing brought
everybody closer.

The climax of all the excitement of
dressing up was released in the parties.
Hch people could live out their fantasies.
Nixon was spotted deep in conversation
with Hitler, and Mickey Mouse did the
hustle with a cat. Since it was difficult to
tell identities, the pttsttimc of "picking-
up" took on new meaning. Many met
with plcztsnnt surprisc its ugly masks
rcmovcd exposed attractive faces.

The sccnc created by all thcsc

.,. . .,,v .-.-:  r .-..n.. . ..

one not students? Some are Davo. (Photo: Bob coon-rd)

personalities running around was
colorful and amusing, as were some of
their comments. it seems that the
masqueradch took on the personalities of
the people and things that they were
impersonating. For example, a man
dressed as a Quaaludc, when asked how
he liked Halloween, said he was too
wasted to answer. A human joint with
“Si-tizy Wider“ on his chest thought
llnllowccn to he the "highest" point in the
SUNYA year. An old lady offered to
scrub my floors. Two interns walked
around dispensing medicine (in the form
of alcoholic beverages). Nozzle noses
scrvcd bccr. A Conehcad said “i am here
to consume mass quantities of beer cans
and pottlto chips.“ Another Conchcad
(thcrc wcrc many) advertised, “Me give
good cone.“

Furthermore, David Bowie thought
the guys looked cuter than the girls. The
Mummy was too wrapped up in himself
to reply. The Dallas Cowgirls (in drag)
were looking for a few good men.
Someone impersonating Gene Simmons
from Kiss stalked around ghoulishly
looking for his bass guitar and a juicy
neck to bite on. And a Japanese Samuri
warrior kccnly noted that Halloween was
the last vcstigc of American folklore.

Halloween at SUNYA gave students a
chance to shed their books fora night and
don their favorite fantasy. in the words of
om: of the many Frank-n-Furtcrs that
lustl'ully rompcd through the festivities,
people were not just drcnming it, but
being it.

    

phi l,” l 
“.4 l...

  

