 

 

 

 

(Zimbabwe: The

by .laphet Milwatu ‘. - '

‘In the month of October, during and after
the well publicized visit and grand tour of Ian
Douglas Smith of Rhodesia to the U.S., the
Rhodesian air force conducted no fewer than
four well orchestrated sanguinary forages in
Lambia and ‘MozambiQUe. The expressed
purpose of these barbaric adventures was to
mop up the ‘terrorist camps.‘ These bizarre
developments have been taking place behind
public pronouncements by Smith that: a) he is
prepared to meet and talk with the Patriotic
l-'ront leaders without prior conditions.

there is no doubt in the mind of any

sensible and sensitive observer that the latest
military offensive by tthe Rhodesians is aimed
primarily at beating the Liberation Front into
Submission. This is calculated to force the
brunt leadership to face Ian Smith on their
knees. under the table.
b) be came to America to explain to the-
leadership and the citizenry that his internal
arrangement deserved supp'ort ' and
international recognition because it had-the
approval of the majority of the local
population.

In spite of public statements by the Carter
Administration that the Smith regime is
Illegal. it managed-to get itself psyched by the
loxy manipulator. Since he returned to
Salisbury. he has. been preachingpublicly.
loudly and clearly; that his visit to the Us.
iepresented recognition of his government by
the L‘arfer pack. He will be hard not to believe.
c) the lreedoin lighters should ‘bcal their
swurds into plough shares.‘

the history of the war of confrontation in
Liiiihtibwe speaks for itself. The people of
Aiiiibiibwe are engaged in a struggle of
survival through self defence. When attacked.
one does not stop attacking defensively until
the assailant has stopped or has been defeated.

,A_p interesting. il Edisturbing..,footnote here
is that American officials arid lhc'mass media
have exhibited vast excitement over the
alleged seizure of 7l0 square miles of land'iri
Ian/atria by the Ugandan Army (where ldi
Aiiiin is involved. America must respond).
the events in Zimbabwe. Zambia
andMozamhique were covered in one—liners
and one-paragraphers. The one American
mercenary killed in the Rhodesian air force
attracted headlines.

A sensational statistical datum recently hit
the news media. it was that in the month of
October. I978. more titan a thousand whites
had pulled out of Rhodesia for good. The
iiilormalion is significant because it offers
American policy planners and investors an
index for economic interpretation of the
situation in the country. The statistics do not

V

Refugee Pli9ht

auger well for the regime.

Little notice. though. is another index that
definitely augers worse for the government
than the white ﬂight. More than 70.000
ZimbabWeans accounted for are presently
living in inhumanly crowded conditions in
Lambia. Botswana and Mozambique. These
refugees are part of the'Zimbabwe citizenry
who make up ninety-seven per cent of the
country‘s total population. These are people
who were forcibly driven out of their only
abodes for no other crime thanademand fora
bestowal of their most basic rights as human
beings and as tax payers. Even after escaping
into loreign territory where theyare incapable
ol bothering anybody. the regime has followed
them and brutalized their borrowed homes.

More than two million families and
individuals have been uprooted and herded
into barbed wire fenced concentration camps.
this is a move to deny assistance to the
lreedoin lighters. l'his contingency constitutes
domestic refugees and hostages. The sticky
situation here is that the unwilling victims of
suppression are expected to deal with
conditions not of their making and beyond
their grasp. ltivolved are children. teenagers.

'old people. the ill and infirm and the

unemployed. In addition. their host countries
are relatively poor and face their own
domestic problems that come with
tiC\t.'itt[)lltcnl. A great concern among the
refugees. arid one that is getting greater, is that
ol their own safety. Recently. more than 650
people were killed in just one refugee camp in
Mozambique which was overrun by the
Rhodesian forces. liigitrcs from recent attacks
.iic even bigger. What are posted as terrorists
III the casualty reports are refugee civilians.

Since the refugees waiit to return home one
day. but do not know when. they have taken
some responsibility for their daily existence.
albeit. iriidcr odd conditions. There are on-
going schemes in collective farming. schools
Itll' children and adults and small business
.idieiitiires in order to establish a certain
amount ol independence. As is to beexpectcd.
.ill these activities demand some money. For
i:\tllllplc. there are thousands of school-going
age children in these rel tigec camps. For sure.
there are teachers among adults who freely
giic of their services but items such as books.
pencils. chalk. boards and paper have to be
paid for.

Another cvcn immediate need is that of
medicine. Not only are refugees prey to
diseases and malnutrition but are also
constant victims til serious and fatal injuries
iiillicted upon them by the Rhodesian
iiiarauders.

Some people will argue that their

 

 

 

 

Nuclear Waste

To the Editor:

l wish to address those angry persons who
have been of late wielding spray paint cans
both on campus and at many ofthe downtown
bits stops. Speciﬁcally the graffitti advertising
the nuclear power issue.

My reaction.and that of .many others, to
your indiscretion is one of disgust. Disgust at
your dire need to deface property that
t:\t:ryt)llt: of us as students of this universny
use. I tccl that the nuclear powerissue rsavery
important one that needs to be given much
attention. But ruining our campus wrth
slogans is no way to increase the number of
Nuclear Power Sympathizers. If anything. it
turns me off to the issue because it indicates
'llltll the level of “concieirsncss” of those
lighting lor an end to the use ofnuclear power
is immature and not very well thought out.

llierc are many alternative ways of getting
'your issues heard. and basically I feel you've
chosen one of the worst ways to do it. a way
that does you more harm then good.

Susan Goldfischer

More Nuclear Waste

to the Editor:

With all the social wrongs that exist in our
country. who can condemn a person or group
ol persons for exercising freedom of speech
and opinion to actively seek to correct these
aroiigs‘! So. it you think that nuclear waste is a
problem deserving corrictivc action — do
your part, employ your rights as a
conscientious citizen to rectify the problem.
My purpose in this letter is to offer a small
piece of advice.

It's ditliciilt to condone even a valid social
objection. such as the one raised concerning
nuclear waste. when in the process of
correcting the problem people. infringe onthe
rights ol others hypocritically committing

    

 

 

the same crime they seek to eliminate. I am

referring to the graffitti located on walls .

around campus in defense of the nuclear waste
campaign.
Maybe writing on walls isn’t such a major

crime and obviously. it‘s consequences aren't

as dramatic as those of the nuclear Waste
problem. But a message stenciled in black
paint on the walls of SUNYA tends to
generate more distaste for a cause than
sympathy. I consider it an infringement on my
rights as a university student to have to
tolerate dcl‘acation of public property. If you
hate to defend your rights by stepping on
someone clsc‘s r something is wrongiii your
method.

A Iinal comment w of courscit is iinlairio
Judge a group by the actions ofa few members
within it. so hopefully this letter is addressed
to oiilythose few. Myadvice’! Instead of “Fight
nuclear waste.‘ perhaps a more appropriate
iiiolto.'lliink I'wice v once for yourself and
once for otlicrs.‘

lilriine S. l’cllctier

Sixties vs. Seventies

To the Editor:

I also enjoyed reading the feature article in
.\o\. |0ths ASP by Jay (iisscn on students in
the sixties and seventies. llowevur. iii Marie
l-Iaiiricry‘s letter to the editor. slic complains
about (iissen‘s neutral stance on our
generation‘s lack of political activism. l.ct lllL'
give one possible cause of todays apathy.
today. the injustices suffered by people lll
Nicaragua and Rhodesia are probably iiist as
had as those suffered by the Victiiiiiiiesc iiitlie
last decade. Llowcver. iii the sixties lilt'lL‘ was
also the threat to our personal lives. lodiiy.
ilicie are still the same sort of injustices to
people around the world but they are distant
and remote. In the possibility of being sent ll)
\ ictliaiii. each individual risked lilL‘ll' oun illt'.
lo say the only reason for the activism in the
sixties was personal fear would be a lie.
However. the average person will defend his
rights more voracioust when it is ills lite ill

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

lwo years ago. the Zimbabwe Refugee
Relief Fund. under the auspices oftlie Buffalo

conscience won‘t let them iriakc contributions
that Will be used to buy guns even iftlic latter
are pointed against a ruthless oppressor. No
one ciiii argue negatively iibour the necessity.
yea. the dirty biridagc of assisting a helpless
people not to wage ll war against any army.
but to wage a war of self survival for
themselves and their children.

based Zimbabwe Students Association. uas

started. With the help of the World Council ol

L liurchcs mid local organizations. the Relief

l- and has shipped several hundreds of pounds

Ill usable clot hing to tlte refugee camps. I’lziiis
aic underway to collect medical supplies.

[inquiries should be directed to .

Naomi ()seiii

587 Alleiihirrst Avenue

Buffalo. New York

(/Iti) bio-71H

 

 

 

 

t0 v 'T
has

me car
may?

 

 

BUT l0, “Ft?
W5 00 563

DC

 

 

 

 

V5}? l
saga
NJU USU lg
LON? UP.

T MFSOF

 

l) WW9.

 

Mi? MlVD

 

at;

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
  

  

Leonard Mtlch
on his crusade for H '
gay rights.

  
  

  

See page 30

The Glni Is a nice place
to visit, but be sure and

bring your wallet.
’ See page 20

  

   
     
 
 

John Polbo's sags ran
' from bittersweet to '
tho comically ironic.

See page "to ..,;
r23. i.“ (“Q militia Lilli

     

E‘lﬂl'.‘ l‘

 

 

 

 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
   
 
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
    
   
    

 

 

