 

  
  
      
    
     
     
 
     
 
   
   
   
 
    
   
   
   
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

~' ., I" strive osmt

 away. tlie little. hamlet of
_ Soonya sat among the green
hills and gilded monuments of
I.  _ _Nelsonland. Soonyavwastruly
a mellow place. its‘smilingitownspeople

 

structures and smoke the queer. pungent
weed which grew there until they Were in a
state of pleasant oblivion“
‘ Oceasinally they would look up from
their burning pipe bowls and ask about
the marble towers and the steel, and they
would be told quite matter-of-factly that
. these were the work of the Father Nelson
and that His benevolence was not to be
questioned.
To that. most simply shrugged.
Soonya was perhaps the most biuare

place in all ofthe galaxy. A giant complex
of buildings. towers and uncomfortable
benches. it is said that it rose wholly from
the dust and the minority housing when
the Father Nelson one afternoon drove
his staff into the ground. Six tempestuous

days it took to rise from the fiery bosom
of the land. It is still being paid for. as the
Father Nelson is said to have left for
Dec Cee with his staff soon afterwards.
Nevertheless. the lucky. called

"students." were selected each year to
- come to Soonyato study for a period of

four years. after which they would leave
for the land of Realworld. It is in Soonya
where they would be prepared for that
journey.

For the most part. preparation
consisted of memorizing gibberish and
filling in little circles with a #2 pencil. It is

'. written that this practice was known as

education. Other Soonyan activities

’included harvesting the magical weed.

being largely apathetic, sleeping.
copulating, and praying with the
wondrous Zinger machince which the
Father Nelson left behind to nourish the
townspeople.
All in all it was a good (albeit trivial)
sort of life. and many were sad when it
was time to leave after their fourth year.
By that time. most had secured high-
paying accounting jobs in Realworld. or
had opted to continue their schooling in
I’rol'essionalland. where they could earn
letters to place after their names.
However. some left Soonya with no
hope of a good job or collecting letters.
rather. they were marked. For there was
one truly evil force in Soonya—the Scarlet
W. A creature of the ministers gone
berserk. it was the most feared and
ruthless of evils. Why. the mere mention

'ong ago, in agalaxy far. far

contentto sit among the poured concrete

of .‘ it would send thousands of stoned
‘Soonyans‘scurrying to the safety of their
burrows and bongs. These who wore the
scarlet W 'upon their breast hung their
heads low and frequently were driven off
to live with lepers in the hills around
Utica.,

The Scarlet W made its rounds twice
per' year. seeking out those who had
abandoned their studies in favor of a life

_ of sloth. However. the cruel and wily W

was non-discriminatory. laying its wicked
‘ consonant also on those who had
abandoned their studies in response to
enrolling in a course headed by a diseased
professor. Among the many maladies
which were common among the campus
pedagogues were research, publication,
apathy. and terminal pompousness.

As the Father Nelson wrote years ago,
life is seldom fair.

Frightened Soonyans tried anything
and everything to rid themselves of the
scarlet terror, including signing petitions.
praying to the Father Nelson, and

smearing Iamb‘s blood on their
transcripts. A few even implored the
stone~faced ministers to cage the beast. or
at the very least to put it on a leash.

Sadly, it was to no avail. as the Scarlet
W continued its semi-annual rampage.

The students lived in a constant state of
anxiety. Even the magical weed failed to
allay their fears after a few semesters.
Young men'and women could be seen
huddled against the monuments, crosses
held outward in trembling hands in vain
attempt to ward ol'fthe despicable letter.

Again and again the students begged
the ministers to harness the scarlet devil,
but each time their pleas fell upon deaf
ears. The ministers were far toobusy.
searching for the remains of the Father
Nelson's staff to finance new monuments
to hear the anguished cries for help.

All seemed hopeless for the scrappy
little Soonyans.

Until. on one fine spring day, a savior
came down from the hills.

He was neither student. nor minister.
nor god. He knew not of the sword nor of
the academic dismissal —- indeed he was
a man of peace. His clothes were tacky. his
face expressionlcss. and his deep blue hair
ill-kempt. As a matter of fact. the only
thing distinguishing him from the
Soonyans was the ratty grey sweatshirt
that he wore, on which the word
“SAVIOR” was printed in incandescent-
blue ink.

One by one the students looked up
from their smoking bowls and their
macroeconomics texts and beheld the

 

“However, some left Soonya with
on, hope of a good job or collecting
letter; rather, they were marked.
For there was one truly evil force in
Soonya —- the Scarlet W.”

visitor. A murmur began to build and at
once the Soonyans arose and fell in
behind the savior. In a short time, all of
the students. each and every boy and girl,
had crawled out of their burrows and
gathered around him on the circular
lawn. awaiting whatever wisdom he had
to offer. I

The savior scanned the anxious faces.
then spoke.

"I am Common Sense.“ he said. “and I
have come to Soonya to rid its fine people
of the scarlet nemesis."

At once a hearty cheer billowcd forth
from the students.

“Behold our saviour!“ one student
cried. V

“ He has come to free as from the scarlet
shackles!“ cried another.

Common Sense motioned for silence.

“If you will follow me. we will go and
advise the ministers of our demands."

And so the students beat their bongs
into plowshares for the time being and
ascended the marble staircase which
climbed to the Podium. temple of the
ministers.

Common Sense. who had made an
appointment. called for the Head
Minister Olcery to come down and speak.

The symmetrical marble doors parted
and Oleery slid out. Seeing the mass of
people in front of him. he stopped short.
gasping.

“Wh-What the fuck?“ he qucrried.

Common Sense spoke softly.
explaining to the bewildered Head
Minister that the Scarlet W was a wicked.

.malevolent and certainly unfair entity. He

argued that, since other hamlets had

 

 

 

 

 

 

L

APRIL 14, 1978

 

ALBANY BTUDINT PRESS

banished their W's. it was quite an
injustice to burden the fair Soonyans with
one. He asked why it was that Soonyans
shouldn‘t have just as good it chance to
collect consonants as their brother
students elsewhere. He offered common
sense. and asked Oleery to accept.

The Head Minister. who by tins time
had regained much of his composure.
found that his ministerial training had left
him ill-equipped to deal with common
sense. Why. he couldn‘t even think of a
single epigram of the Father Nelson
which dealt with it. He looked back at the
great marble doors. out ol'which the Arch
Ministers Surely and Volkwinc peeled
timidly. Finally he sighed and turned to
face the crowd again.

Reluctantly: “Oh all right. You know I
was going to do it anyway sure. I
formed an ad'hoc committee last week . , .‘

But his words were swallchd tip by the
cheering of the fifteen thousand. In a
swarm the rejoicing Soonyans descended
the marble staircase and spread out Ilkt’ a
humanliquid splituponthccircularltmn.
'l‘hc weed was broken out and the hosts
fired up to capacity. The ale flowed Iorth.

In all the land of Nelson. lcu could
remember a celebration such as this. Ion
and girl danced around a crackling IIIC.
and stranger embraced stranger
embraced stranger. 'I'he mci'rmicnt and
gaity continued well into the czlrl)
morning. By then. only the hill'dlt‘hl ot
bongers remained clustered Ill unall
groups around the magic machines.

At dawn, the circular lawn was ll platter
stacked with sleeping Soonyans. chilc out
came cans and crumpled linger
wrappers. The sun peered over the
horizon through a veil of magic wccd
haze. sending intense lines oI color
through the air. One incandescent-blue
ray fell onto Common Sense. \thu Ia_\
snoring against the ﬂagpole.

He stirred, achieved a ten gtIHL'HII
syllables. and began to Wipe the ~IL'L'D
from his eyes. Ilis git/c came in mi Him"
a Soonyun boy leaning against a nearby
Iightpolc. I'lc motioned to get the tulllltl
man‘s attention.

"You know." said the sat liil , "common
sense is a two-edged sword."

Puzzled. the sttidcrtt buried his chin lIl
his hand. Presently he rc-ctut‘ltlt'd “"‘1
asked. “Does that tncan that \H.’ sludctllht
like the ministers. must hilt)“ mutt
common sense? Must we stop hloiungtltt‘
magical weed as much as We hate hccn.
take an interest in Soonyun allnirs, \IUI‘
vandalizing and defacing tltc Inonttlrtctth.

and develop a nicer ltllilttdc tourud.» lllt’
ministers. and eiicli other"! Is that how
people live together?“

“Veril ." rc lied Common Sense. and
, P
he was gone.

PAGE 6A

 

By JONATHAN HODGES
heywork together and eat
together. Every week they
gather to discuss individual
and communal problems
while on any given weekend

the entire bunch could be on their way to
the Rafters. One unconfirmed rumor has
it that all l08 of them sleep together. On
the whole. they’re idealisticand outgoing.
yet it would be difficulty, if not
impossible, to paint a stereotype given the
spectrum of personalities that run
throughout the group. While seemingly
more suited to some'weird commune of
the late 60‘s. the students that tnuke up the
4+2 dorm are participating in an
‘ ambitious lifestyle experiment that is
seeking alternatives to conventional
dorm life.

The brainchild of a group of Colonial
Quad residents in I970, the 4+2 program
has slowly changed and redefined itself
during the past seven years; recognizing
various changing values and needs, and
adjusting themselves accordingly. During
the past several weeks, 4+2 has. by the
request of the Residence Office.
undergone an evaluation of a program
_ that has had unseen impact on the quality
‘ of this university’s dorm living.

“The dorm started first as an idea in the
; minds of a group of students on Colonial
‘ Quad who felt that they wanted to create
an environment that fostered interaction
with people." said Indian Quad
Coordinator David Jenkins. “They
' wanted someplace with a ‘hang your hat
and park your body‘-type attitude.“
' In I97I, the group moved into lndian's
lOneida and Onondaga. which had just
opened. According to Jenkins. the
program faced'a crisis period after a
i couple of years as the “founding fathers“
l of 4+2 graduated.
I “The place just kind ofwent downhill.“
recalled Jenkins. “By Fall ‘74, the only
, thing really different about 4+2 was that it
was a dorm that had a special sign-up
- procedure.“
. Part of the problem that 4+2 was
‘ encountering at that time was the
difficulty of trying to build a close-knit
community with the 230 students that
were housed in O& 0. In an effort to give
the program a chance to get back on its
feet. 4+2 moved to the smaller Mahican

Hall.

“More happened in that year than
simply cutting the number of residents in
4+2 in half." explained Jenkins. “There
was a group of people who worked very

' d th t r to redeﬁne the program.

 
 

 

 

PAGE 7A

 
  

The early ‘70‘s was the drug culture
period. with people dropping out and
doing their OWn thing. The needs of the
students in ‘74 were different; their values
were different.“

“I lived in Tuscarora before moving
into 4+2.“ said David Wade, now in his
third year at 4+2. “I was used to the
leadership that was provided by the RAs
at Tuscarora; I was close to a group at the
time; I was a bit distrustful of 4+2 from
what I had heard about it.and Ithought I
wasn‘t the type to get involved in a social
experiment.“

"I originally just moved into 4+2
because my friends did. At the beginning
the ’I'ownc Meetings were very long and
boring. with several personality clashes.
Then all of a sudden a lot of people began
to develop leadership roles and
responsibilities and organize various
activities. I guess it was around February
when we kind ofturned to each other and
said. ‘It‘s working!“‘

According to Wade. the return rate of
4+2 members the next year was high and
the freshmen tliatdid enterthe dorm were
very beneficial to the program.

A prime concern during the recent
evaluation of 4+2 has been what some on
the hall and the residence staff see as an
image problem The dorm residents this
year have been very sensitive to charges
by residents of Indian Quad that 4+2 at
times behaves cliquish and withdrawn.
“I think that the hall has worked hard

  

     
 

 

 

 

 

 

  

to correct what they see as an image
problem." said Indian Quad Residence
Director Joann Noble. “The hall is
composed of people that have developed
together and I just don’t think that
developing together is the same thing as
creating a clique because a clique to me is
exclusionary."

The relationship between the quad‘s
residence staff and 4+2 is one of mutual
respect. While 42 residents must follow all
housing regulations, the normal
Residence authority ﬁgure, the RA. just
doesn’t maintain a high profile; neither in
dishing out retribution for minor housing
infractions nor in motivating and leading
residents in various activities and events.

"I‘m basically just another resident of
4+2.“ said RA Ralph Babcock. "Sure. I
tell residents to get rid of illegal
refrigerators. and people are cognizant of
the fact that I'm not just another dorm
member. but on the whole I keep a very
low profile.“

“I‘ve never been an RA anywhere else,
so it‘s kind of tough to draw
comparisons." said Babcock, "but I think
being a 4+2 RA is different. Like during
December. I felt that I had a great idea for

Holiday Sing but I hesitated bringing it
forward because I didn‘t want anyone to
feel that I was trying to motivate or lead
them because I was an RA. Butjust as a
resident of 4+2 I felt entitled to organize
something that I thought was a good idea.
so I did. Idon‘t know ifany other RA's go
through those kind of situations."

“I supervise eight residence staff
members and I supervise each staff
person differently.“ explained Noble.
"Yet a 4+2 RA is kind of torn between
what he sees other RAs doint. their role as
motivators. and the was 4 is designed the
RA must sometimes take a back seat.
There are certain residence staff members
whose greatest strenghth is their ability to
motivate and organize dorm members.
Someone like that would feel kind of
awkward in a situation where the RA is
basically a resource person.“

The chief cohesive element in 4+2 living
is the weekly 'I‘owne Meeting. a
mandatory gathering of all dorm
members for the purpose of solving
problems and planning programs and
activities. Any dorm member wishing to
chair a 'I‘owne Meeting has only to sign
his/ her name on the agenda posted on the
community bulletin board. Anyone
having an issue or gripe or suggestion to
air has only to aid it to the agenda and
show up at the meeting.

ALBANY ITUDINT PRIDE

   

 
  

Various committees. both standing and
ad hoc. plan activities. disseminate
information (this year saw the start of The
Rolling Paper, 4+2‘s newletter), dish out
money and self-evaluate the program. 4+2
even has a judicial branch. the Lifestyles
Panel, which takes precedence over any
university judicial body with the
exception of mandatory criminal
offenses. Jenkins points out that in the
seven year history of 4+2. to his
knowledge the Panel has never been
convened.

While still referred to as the
“alternative living experiment," 4+2 has
accomplished a great deal since its
inception.

“While 4+2 is stillexperimenting, it’s no
longer an experiment,“ states Jenkins.
“Not only is it no longer an experiment,
but 4+2 has become a vital and important
part of Indian Quad and dorm life here at
the university in general."

“Indian Quad has a very diffe.cnt feel
than the other up-town quads. and a
larger part of this difference can be
attributed to the impact that 4+2 has had
on the quad."

The accomplishments of 4+2 are both
many and varied. Jenkins points to the
dorm's role as the vanguard in dorm
living; indeed. many 4+2 residents state
that they feel that they‘re not quite as
unique as they were three years ago. that
other dorms are following the trails that
4+2 blazed.

Where will the 4+2 experiment lead to?
Perhaps the answer lies in the meaning
behind the phrase "4+2".

Communlty: A team spirit. a sense of
belonging'and commitment to the dorm
society as a whole.

Cooperation: Common action towards
a common goal.

Communication: An attempt to
interact wilh and respond to others.

Concern: A feeling ol'empathy for and
commitment to the wellbeing of others.

Responslbllity: A sense of obligation to
others. of duty towards common goals.
and of answerability for one‘s own
behavior.

Relevance: A sense of proportion. of
understanding what is and what is not
important.

Community. Cooperation.
Communication and Concern.

Responsibility and Relevance.

Together they spell 4+2, an experiment
that has now left its infancy and is well on

 

the way to adulthood.

APRIL 14. 1973

. ,, . .. » >>--*~mt—M<'V"~/"k<vw«m

 

 

 

