 

 

   Thing.

by Rich Mamelsteln -
A long time ago. long before the NY. Post

became the N.Y. Enquirer, sportswriter.

Jimmy Cannon wrote a column of non-
sequitors and opinions under the treading
“Nobody Asked Me. But. . A.” Coiricidentally,
nobody asked me either. but: ‘

Sign. Sign. Anywhere (Sign? Department:

For a campus that looks almost the same
upside down as rightside up, and which has
I very few reference points, why aren't there any
signs clueing in newcomers and visitors to our
school as to where certain important buildings
are? Perhaps even an Information phone
somewhere near the entrances, whichcould be
hooked up to the Campus Center desk.

Undercooked Coffee Dept.: The campus
wine and cheese place —- the Mousetrap —
was a big success this past weekend. Students
found it a pleasant alternative to monotonous
parties. loud bars. and second rate discos. The
atmosphere was easy. the music pleasant.
seatingwas comfortable. One question: What
reason. other than poor public relations. can
be given for the Freezedried Coffeehouse‘s
continued poor turnout? There‘s no reason
why the coffeehouse can't meet with similar
success.

Only at SUNYA Dept :An RA approached
SA for a permit to sell donuts in her dorm. An
SA ofﬁcial asked her if there would be a price
differential for tax card holders.

There's No One In the Place Except You
and Me Dept : The gym is supposedly open
until I am. these days. Why. then. are'thc
racquetball courts still cleared at I0140?

Give Me a Few Weeks to Think About It
Dept :' Why are students at Binghamton
allowed well over a month to drop a course.
while we have to either drop courses after ten
days. or else receive a big W? (My cutn.just
like the vat of money in II'sa Mad. Mad. Mad.
Mad. Mad. World is shaded by a big W.)

AC/DC Dept: Speaking of Binghamton.
why do they have an administration which so
readily accepted plus/minus grading while

ours has sat on the issue for years?

Do As I Say and Not As I Do Dept:
Granted, it'll take some fighting to make
teachers realize that if they‘re smoking. other

kids will too. But there must be some recourse
against SUNYA bus drivers who smoke while
driving.

JIIII'LEC the Motor Vehicle Dept. Dept:
Try gettinga copy of yourSUNYA transcript.
It takes about as much time as it takes to pick
up your driver's license.

Shouldn’t Have Took More Than You
Gave Dept : What happens to the alleged case
against Marc Benecke for allegedly stealing
Class'of ‘78 funds when there no longer is a
Class of 78 -—— in about three months,thatis.

The Revolving Door Dept : Given that it's a
lost cause for teachers to set aside timeto meet
with students. or even teach. while they‘ve got
the ever-swinging axe above their head
demanding that they publish. perhaps the
Search Committee looking for a new president
should actively search for some student
opinion. SUNY Central. obviously. makesthc
major decisions for overall policy. but the
president can give the school a basicdirection.

That's Entertainment Dept : Saturday
night‘s Elvis Costello concert at Page Hall had
the necessary elements for a great sequel to

“Gimme Shelter”. Despite an enthusiastic
turnout as predicted by UCB‘s Jeff(“0h my
aching head) Stern. the audience and
performer were not exactly on friendly terms.
In fact. the terms were more like “Up yours"
and “Go home you deranged limeyl”. Elvis
and the crowd exchanged unpleasantries. as
well as afew fruits and vegetables. Used to be a
day when only a guy like Don Ricklcs could
get away with something like that.

Stop the Music Dept: Why is it that the
Atmospheric Science Research Center waited
until the day of construction to complain
about the WCDB radio transmitter and
antenna atop Mohawk 'I'ower'.’ ASRC
ofﬁcials say they hadn't been informed.
Doesn‘t anyone read the «ISI' anymore‘.’

 

militants

To the Editor:

Last Friday. Feb. 24, your “Guest
Opinions“ column had an opinion given us in
the form of a threat from a group called
LUNG.

The basis of their organization is
commendable. I would like to see everyone
stop smoking on campus. then again I‘d liketo
see peace on Earth too. Don‘t get me wrong. I
do like their objective. I disagree with their
tactics.

First. to call yourself militant leaves you
open to a lot of undue criticism even before
your cause has been thoroughly heard.

As for the actual tactics of “...an organized
mass movement will implement a very
immature battle plan. geared toward helping
instructors realize that if they do not enforce
no-smoking regulations during classes.
teaching will not occur;...". has anyone had
the foresight to see that the disruptcr(s) would
probably be subject to immediate (and
perhaps permanent) ejection at the discretion
of the instructor? This is due to the
circumstance that the other students value
their education (and the money spent on said
education) as well as their lungs (which are
being filled with second hand smoke).

As for the approach of immature tactics:
Why stoop to the level of your “enemy”. the
smoker? It is immature to smoke, but it‘s also
immature to yell. whine. cry. and disrupt class
because of smoking.

All that immature tactics will do is make
your cause look ludicrous to tiny would-be
supporters and will in turn alienate thctit from
your commendable cause.

As for the sarcastic tone you‘ve taken in
your "Guest Opinion". I feel it has probably
hurt the cause. rather than help it.

Now that I‘ve torn your methods down. let
me offer some viable alternatives.

 

Kinst: If the University Senate doesn't pass

the resolution on the smoking ban. llltn
perhaps a compromise bill putting smokers in
the rear aisles of the lecture centers and
classrooms would be in order. as Opposcdlu
other immature tactics.

Second: Instead of making tlttlsc. pump.
someone could ﬁnd out how much of our
student funds is used to buy all of thosetnh
trays that ﬁll the lecture centers and have llltltt.‘
funds matched to help launch a construcliw
anti-smoking campaign on campus.

Third: Instead of calling people hlllptd.
(which turns anybody oft) suggest tint llch
are perhaps misdirected in thc-tr titty: til
smoking and ask them to stop {13 soonits you
see them light up. Being polIIL' t'ic\ct hurt
anyone.

Admittedly my stand is mticli lco llilrd-
lined than is LUNG‘s. then again | illsit
recognize that we all have the right to L'lttiou'
to smoke or not to smoke. lltcrcloic. \ic littit-
no right to completely deny anyonc tIn-tt tight
to smoke. we can only risk them in \llltllit‘tll
certain places.

To do otherwise would not only be foolish
(by breakingdown the lines ulctittlttllttitt'tllltin
between smokers and non-smokcm. but it ill!
as stupid as telling a smoker that he or \llt.‘ hair
the right to smoke as much it) he oi she
chooses — as long as he or she nt:\cl cxhtilct
the smoke.

l)ti\td R (iltt'tic

dorm
safety

To the Editor:

I wish to comment on the hick ill ~.tl'.'[\ III
the low-rise dorms. I live on the in \l Hunt oi .i
low-rise and have experienced Ill‘illlllttlllth
such as people pecking under our titllrtltls.
banging on the windows. and pcoptc knocking
on ottr doors at all hours tll lllt night
Supposedly the doors are locked. tint «Inc in
the cold weather. many llnlL'S lltt'\ ttoti’i lock
properly and intruders can enter tItII Ii.itI

We‘ve called security oti tniitri Ht\.t\lt|li~

 

ISRAEL FINALLY
MADE ME A DECENT

OFFER For:
F} pm...

 WITH PLUSH VELVET
INTERIOR AND Ava/Fm
Rt’fDIO,PLU$ A vases
SUPPLY OF CITRUS FRort'

AND A LIFETIME PASS

TOTHEIQBﬁJTZOFMY

CHOICE.

<\

 

THEY AGREED r0
eivri UP HALF OF
ALL ‘chn ED LA ups"

AND SUBLET A

HOMELAND TD

BUT. I
TOLDTHEJVI N0-

I CANT STAND
PLUSH VELVET.

THEY THREW
IN A

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

and they have answered our calls immediately

and arrests have followed. but the question is
“Are they patrolling the quads property?“
They drive back and forth in front of the
quads. but what about the back. remote
corners of the quad? Security tries hard. but
only after some incident has occurred. No
preventive measures have been taken in
stopping these incidents.
We the people of the first floor low-rises
should not be scared to go to slccp.
Name withheld

economic
expediency

To the Editor:

It appears that David (iold illldlltt.‘ Budget
Committee are once tigtiin revealing their
enlightened attitudes. Inti Universitytdclincd:
an educational institution of the highest level)
where about 70 percent of SA tax goes in
athletics rind only I percent to academic
groups. it only seem just that the nonutthleiic
groups are the ones rcceivrng budget cuts.

While pet projects like the Record (‘o-op
and WCI)B reccnc large appropriations.
other groups which II_\ to solve it diflcrcnt
scgtticnl ol' the iintict‘sn) population are
sqiice/cd. Unlike the lictionnl group iii the
article. the trips by tltc English Students
Committee. and sonic ol the otth groups
mentioned. are open tocvcryoitc. Further. SA
does not pay itll costs btit only at small part.
removing some of the sting oftlic total cost. If
cutting $400 per year will sane the budgct. the
managers must be sloppy. However. I‘m gltid
to \UL‘ that the perksol student politics \iill not
be cut: l.,'ni\crsity Concert liourd and
Speakers Forum \rill bllll ltIltClllL‘lt luxuries.

It seems tipptopriutc that today‘s
Universities. oncc centers ot poivcrliil
concepts ot socttil jtisticc. should lead. not
follow. society into the rctilin of [IUlIlICIIl tltld
organizational elitism. I commend |)ti\id
(told and the lindch totnnntlcc lot lllL‘It'
divinely inspired Concept ot political Itllll
economic L‘XpL‘tlICIIC).

Jcllrcy l’. Mtltllltltl
Chairman I llgllSll Students ('otnmittcc

required
courses

To the Editor:

Being an accounting major. I knew that I
would have to take some required courses to
be admitted into the School of Business. butt
did not realize that the required Courses would
be so inappropriate. Not only are the courses
not interesting. some have nothingio do With
accounting at all. If required courses are
supposed to be some sort of requisite for
entrance into Business school. wouldn‘t it he
better to have more business courses required.

No courses that are required for entrance
into the business school are a) Reading llriitnti
and b) Intro. to Sociology.

Reading Drama is not ti theatre course its
one might assume. but it is comparable to
courses where novels are read. only In this
course there are plays to be read. and I might
add they are boring plays. It was It waste of
time considering that lcould‘vc taken ti course
dealing with some aspect of business.

The other course I mentioned was
Introduction to Sociology. I realize that the
ﬁrst thing that is flashing through your heads
is that accountants will have to face people in
theirjob. I wholeheartedly agree with you. bttt
why does the Business School also require

 

 

 

Introduction to Psychology (and thcii.l might
P

,If Psychology is also required why can't it be

add. forcethem to participate in experiments).

changed to say either Sociology or
Psychology. .

Another bone I have to pick is the fact that
an accounting major has only 24 credits worth
of electives. That means no minor can be
taken. Waivers for courses should be easierto
gct. For example. I am now enrolled in MSI
2l5. l have already had experience in
programming all aspects of BASIC (the
computer language used). Why should my
time be wasted taking the course all over
again? Another example is English
Composition. I am totally proficient in the use
of the English language. Why must I be forced
to take the course which. is again. an easy
thrcc credits but is still a waste of my time. I
could think of more interesting courses to
titkc.

The teachers are nothing to applaud at
either. Ihcy are either neveriit their ofﬁccsat
scheduled times or when they are there. they
ttilk at you not to you. II II teacher is goingto
act that way. they shouldn't be teaching.

II any student lccls that slit: or he is taking
courses that have nothing to do with their
major. write to the Dean ol the department in
question. ll you don't receive It reply. go visit
III person. lry to get something done. In a
school this ltirgc. that's one of the few ways
you are going to he heard.

Name Withheld

mixed
company

In the Editor:
We uould ltkc to comment on an
Ild\L'I'|l.\L'IIIL‘III placed in the l-ridtiy. Feb. 24
edition ol tltc ASI’. llic iid I'L'ittls its follows:
"I rcttks. misfits. dwarfs. giants. radical
tcinitnsts and people who bit llicir toenails: if
you like to \\l'llL'. tltc .AISI’ \\IIIII.\ to talk to
_\oii
llic tccling is that by placing radical
lCIIIlIItsla in the same light as lrcuks. misfits.
.tiid other such abnormal specimens IS an
c\trcmcly prejudicial iicl. We tell that in tire
ptlSl the .‘IS I’ was trying not to offend
IIIL‘IIlht‘IS ol tltc SUNYA community;
honc\cr. him would _\tiu cxpltttii tltis‘.’
“on would you tune lclt Il this letter had
been addressed:
"lo the monstrosity. Ilhtltil’lllillll)’. gnome.
iiildit). iihcrt'ation. ttnd cditorol tlte ASI’...“'.’
Here. we have used exact synonyms ol the
\ttttdS that appeared III your tltl as me listed iii
Roget‘s “ | hcstiiti'un."
So lion wottld you lccl'.’
Ktircn Landovit/
Al‘dllll Wicworku
lcrninnc l-iilcottc

student
group

To the Editor:
A new group. entitled Students for
Students. is now serving the residents of
liidttin Quad. lhc purpose of this
organization is to help students better deal
with interpersonal conflicts within the dorm
environment, such as roommate or sititcmiite
problems. >
Students for Students is composed ol nine

quad residents. Upon contiicting us with tiny

difficulty. two impartial members will visit the
parties involved. Please feel free to call us for
any further information. We hope that the
residents of Itidiutt Quad will take advantage
of this new and helpful service.

editorial

The Holy Word I . r 1

. . . And so it came to pass that Edward Durrell Stone would Create. .
aided by millions of tax dollars, a campus to be known as SUNYA,_I

structure which would treat generations of studentsto wind tunnels in IO

degree weather.

. . . And so it came to pass that this once fast growing university
would be weakened by budget cuts, poor administrative planning and
internal politicking.

. . . And so it came to pass that SED reviews would slay several doc-
toral programs and that more PhD bloodshed may still beontheway.
. . . And so it came to pass that SUNYA would gain national
prominence because of irregulaties in psychology experiments.

. . . And so it came to pass that Marc Benecke still hasn‘t paid the
money he owes.

. . . And so it came to pass that many students would live at SUNYA
in the lap of luxury at the famous Hotel Country Squire.

. . . And so it came to pass that UAS would serve President Vince
0' Leary steak on Colonial Quad on the same day Christians were sup-
posed to abstain from eating meat.

. . . And so it came to passthat the Governor would propose TAP in-
creases for only private school students and that EOP stipends would be
cut.
The multitude examined these, which are some of the unholy
happenings at SUNYA, and decided that they were bad. But before the
multitude would cast the final damning stone at SUNYA. they saw other
things:

. . . And so it came to passthat SA would finally develop a good legal
services program.

. . . And so it came to pass that this year‘s budget would not hurt
SUNYA that badly.

. . . And so it came to pass that hundreds of students would fast for
the hungry and that they would shortly put on yet another Telethon for
handicapped children.

. . . And so it came to pass that Spring would begin three weeks from
tomorrow. and that people would return to the sacred podium and that
l'risbecs would be thrown about and even the holy water would eventual-
ly flow from the fountains.

. . And so it came to pass that in the course of one week. SUNYA
would gain a wine and cheese place and an FM radio station.

. . . The multitude, weary of hearing about only negative tidings
about SUNYA in this, the toughest of times. turned to these other
aspects. And they saw that they were good.

5%

TIIOMAs MAanLLo. Mitur-in-Cltic/
JONATHAN Honors. Managing Edin
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..MATTIIEW Cox
iLL HAasa. Anon SMITII
.. AsCAL ZActiAav. DENNIS Scncvcs
Srons rotToa  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . EDDIE EMaIiMAN
ASSOCIAT: sroars EDITOR . . . . . . . . . . .RICH SELIGSON
EoiroatAI. rAcrs wires . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. on LAFAYETTE
srArr WRITERS: Steve Brackett. Mike Fried. Ken Kurtz. Denise Lcnci. MJ. Memmott. Jerry
Mikorenda. Peter Nadcl. Mike Peurlmiin. J. M. Reilly, Paul Schwartz. Stu Vincent APMANAGEIS:
Ellen Mnrsden. Jesse Scherer zooiAc NEWS: Laurie Glaser rnvrrw PAGE: Helene Tannor news
AssisrANT: Laura Schmub MOIGUI: Sandy Robinson

SPEM‘I RAGGIo. [burners Czar

 

. . . . . . . .. BaIAN CAtiILt.
.,.. .wALTtta TiioaMAN
RoL Corinss. Denny YELIN
ELLEN Fins

onuristnc MANAon

Business MANAGE! .

BILLING DIM-mm

PAvaou. MANAGII

sALrs reasormn: Mike Ardan. Richie Mermclstcin CLAsstrtro onnTIsmG: Dayi'd Phillips.

Steve Mnuer coMIIosITion: Pat McGlynn. Amy Sours Ao coMrosITIoN: Irene Ftrmat. Evan
Furtinsky. Kelly Kita. Debby Kopf. Lil Kwasnik. Stephanie Sherman

.IsAan .lAv. Production Manager
MICaAsL GILiros. Assistant Production Manager
lino TVPIST . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..Jopv WILNER
GIAI‘IIIC CooaniNAruii Ricxsrea BLUM
VuiTICAL CAMuA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . DAvs KAPLOW. Jerr LEVITAN
tIAer-nr: Lorraine Dil‘erro. Rich Piazza, Jamie Rothman. Laurie Studwell. Lisa Wesley
rvrtsTs: Mark Baltharard. Clara Kucblcr. Laurie Leiko. Loraine Ltbenorc. Denise Mason.
Diane Morrison. Diana Oiuci. Amy Phillips. Adela Steller, Bcv Tobin
ESTABLISHED I9I6
The Albany Sludenl Press I: published every 'l‘uesday and Fklday duringlltc school year by Ihe
Albany Sludenl hes: Corporation. an Indrpendénl not-far-pra t organize/tan. Edltarlal

policy is determined by the Editor-In-Clthﬂ and is subject to rev cw by Ilte ﬁlitorlal Board.
Mailing address: Albany Slutlt'ltt Press. CC 129. I400 Washington Ave. Albany, NY12222

 

 

Albanysrudenrpnessconpomriou

BOA!!! or Diucroas
STEPHEN DZINANAAOSrchs RAootoO DANIEL GAINcs

 

Members of Students for SIudcntsJ

 

 

 

 

