 
   
   
  
 
     
    

   

 
  
   

    
  

 
  

 I y i  pie-irente‘d furniture 7
i .'..‘.r ' 
‘. .ﬂEllT runiiirurie

Home. Apt. Office. .

continued from page one.

 

v Fluctuating" trends iii student path
I ulaiion and the ge
1 capital construction throughom the
r SUNY system has eliminated the
l possibility of new dorm space being

 
 

V ‘ constructed on university property.

I no”  . 10% 0pm,”. m buy  Last year‘s disaster with the’Country

AS LOW AS ' A Mom Squire Motel dictated that .If the un-

F'OM ' iversity offered housing this year, it

 would have to be directly responsrble
minim“ ""an "5-3050 to the students.

“OWE Mler The Office of Student Affairs then
joined into the act. searchingfor ade-
lquate housing that could be made
available in time for the fall
semester. One housing facility was
~found in Loudonville.
‘ “Student Affairs, with the support
of President Vincent O‘Leary who
had endorsed the search for ad-
ditional housrng attractive to
students. asked us to inspect a piece
of property owned by the Episcopal
Diocese." said Bob Steirer. Assistant
Vice President for' Business and
Finance. ‘
According to Steirer. the universi-
ty examined the St. Agnes complex
which contained a main building

 

 

The Good Old Days are here at

ARE:
‘Tavern

453 Madison Ave.. Albany .
WW
.I.R. MONTEROUSE e SPONTANEOUS EFFECT
-Blowlng Jazz-
Every Sunday a Tuesday nghi'
WW

Live Musicl!

JAZZ‘FOLK’ROCK that could accomodate 250 students
THURSDAY-FRIDAY-SATURDAY with extensive remodelling. and the
N0 COVER smaller Pittman Hall that could

 

 

 

, house 75 students.

I “The main building, due to the

‘. heat being turned off for so long,

. would have required heavy renova-
tion." said Steirer. “In addition. it
couldn't have possibly been ready by
this fall. The smaller building was in
much better shape. It was built in
I962 and a caretaker had lived there
all along."

Pittman Hall was then leased from
the Diocese for a dollar a year. with
the university footing the cost of ren-
novation. heating and insurance.
Residence staff was brought in and a
bus schedule worked out. The $49,-
000 raised from board contracts of
the 75 students living there is used to
offset the cost to the university. Bai-
ing unforseen problems. the univer-

lsity should break even.

[When Residence found that only
75 students could be housed at St.
Agnes. the usual plans were draWn
up for the fall overcrowding. First. it
is important that one understands that
certain amount of overcrowding is
expected and is considered by
Residence to be beneficial. Since at
the beginning of every semester a
cenain percentage of students who
had signed up for housing don‘t
show. a bed would be empty if there
was not a handy supply of warm
bodies.

“If you go into the first day oi
school at 100 percent occupancy.
you‘re going to be under after t\\’()
weeks." said Hart. who supported
the idea of initial overcrowding on
the basisthat SUNYA is“ii public iii-
stitution and we should iiccomodiitc
the public."

Within the next four weeks. the
obvious overcrowding will dis-
appear. Students involved in the
overcrowding wiIIjokc about the iii-
vonvience. laugh at the cir-
cumstances that threw l4 women
into one roont in Brubacher. the cir-
cumstances that placed a freshman
eager to begin his life on his own in

r g the middle of an RA sniteroom.

. I ‘ ‘  Vihile there are some serious
‘ y   I VE. pro ems wrihthc bus sclitdulcand
TROY, N.Y

 
   
  
 
    
 
 
   
  
  
   
 
  
  
  
 
  
   
   
  
  
   
 
   
    
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
    
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
   
  
 
  
 
  
   
 
 
  
    

WELCOMES
YOU BACK

WITH A LINE-UP
OF THE BEST & MOST
CONSISTENT ROCK 8r ROLL
IN THE CAPITOL AREA

OFFERING

FROGS RAZOR
Sept. 6-9 Sept. 13—16

FLYER
Sept. 20-23

GYPSY

AMBER
Sept. 27-30

SPECIALS GALORE

Weds.-Bar-stirred Drinks 50¢
Thurs.-Al| Bottled Beer 50¢
(Moison's. Lowenbrau.
Michelob. Miller. etc.)
Fri. and Sat.- Happy Hours

 

TALAS
Oct. 4-7

 

mosquitoes at Pittman. the residents
on me whole seem happy \iitli then
lot.

In two months the problc..s oi
housing, the inability of the universi-
ty to provide immediate quality
housing for freshmen. any kind ol
housing for graduates and married
students. will no longer trouble most
students.

Ilut next fall. 50 students will be
again housed in suiterooms. 70 more
in Brubacher. lit: in triples. 75
more...

 

 

 

 

on for somerti'nie‘on this campuiif. f,

nerel freeze on I

We

SearCh Continues In Mexican Murder case
MEXICO CITY (AP) One thousand policemen were thrown into the“
yesterday for ‘the kidnappers of Mexican drplomat‘s son, Hugo M ‘

Charles, whose body was found clumPOd in 3 ﬁeld “c” “"3 c“filial. MI:

City Police Chief Durazo Moreno said. Talking to reporters after thefu
for the 35-year-old Margain. son of Mexico's ambassador to wumm

the police chief said his men had I
prints were found along with a wrg. false mustache and bi.

handkerchief." Police department spokesman Victor Payan ruled cum _ ‘

reports that communist terrorists were responsible for the abductim

appears to be invo
university," he said. without elaboration. The abducted Margain's body

found early Wednesday.

SLA Founders Plea Guilty to Hearst Kidnapping
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP).ln a surprise plea bargain move, Symbi.
Liberation Army founders William and Emily Harris plciidcd r
yesterday to
were proud of the terrorist action which stunned the world. “'l he plea
not mean we have feelings of remorse." Harris declared. “Instead. it

ride
‘Weinglass. who represented Harris. said the move means the coupler
“on the street in 1983." The guilty pleas closed the book on the lust cri
charges facing any of the participants in the bizarre hihiriryp
underground group.

Carter Pushes for Compromise Blll
WASHINGTON (AP) President Caner reached out to gmcriiun
businessmen yesterday seeking support for a compromise bill to phiii
federal price controls on new natural gas by 1985. Carter met in the me
with it governors. most of whom agreed with him that the bill stitisfi:
people but is nevertheless the best one Congress is likely to product
president. who cut short a western vacation to lobby for the gas hill at
rest of his embattled energy program, then invited the governors to it
lunch. “The entire world is looking to see if we havs the national w
adopt an energy blueprint, Carter told the governors.

Negotiations Continue Bhlnd Closed Doors

NEW YORK (AP) Negotiations proceeded behind a screen of sileni
yesterday as a top national mediator strove for settlement of ii 22-di
strike that has halted publication of the city‘s three biggest nerisp
Kenneth E. Moffctt. deputy director of the Federal Medraiior
Conciliation Service. said a news blackout was continuing for a second
order to facilitate meaningful exchanges between the publishers lindsl'

Printing Pressmen‘s Union No.2 Negotiators for the New York limes. “

News and New York Post were face-to-face for a second day With Will
Kennedy. president of the pressman local. clarifying details ufi
publisher proposal and the union's counter-proposal.

Duryea Begins Fight for Office
NEW YORK(AP) Republican gubernatorial candidate l’crry
started a $279.0“) advertising blitz yesterday in what appeared to be an

to undercut Gov. Hugh Carey's fight against two challengers in the Sc t

Democratic primary. Duryea began airing four television coiiinicrcra
one radio ad devoted almost entirely to attacks on Carey. They are In
run through the night before Democratic voters will go to the pollsltiv
whether Carey will get their party's nomination. One describe. ('aiey’:
to have cut state taxes as “a total lie.” and most attack the gown?
vetoing the death penalty. The Republican contender's media adrnor
Deardourff. insisted that the intent was not to undermine Carey's chi'
jthe primary but to boost public recognition of Duryea.

Marijuana Law Tough to Handle

POUCHKEEPSIE. N.Y. (AP) A local judge says a quirk in ii"
marijuana law makes it virtually impossible to cmvict unyotic oi
possession for large amounts of grass. Dutchess County Judge :\|i'
Rosenblait made the statement Wednesday as he reduced a felon) p0“
Count against Stanley Houston. 20. of I’oughkccpsicto a vroliiiioiion
noted that the state statute allows authorities totally only llit‘ \icrgli
leaves and seeds of confiscated marijuana. but not the sterits. " Hit"
simply can‘t be complied with as it ic written." Rosenblntt said A W»
had taken the witness stand and said. “It would take a lifetime" 1m:
more than a pound of seeds rind leaves from stems and other All“

Chemical Cleanup to Start Next Month
BUFFALO. N.Y. (Al’) the state plans to begin cleanup oi lllt’ l in:
chemical dtimp site by Oct. l0 after giving neighboring litlillllt‘
opportunity to relocate," according to it spokesman for the \liilL‘ l M):
of 'l'rririsportation. 'Ihc spokesman Ior' DOI'. the agency chalk"
relocation of 237 families and the cleanup. said ytstcrdziy "about 151-1
do not want to move. Some of the lioldouts are long-term icwIUI
simply do not want to leave their homr's. others are chemical \Uill-l
afraid of chemicals" and still others are awaiting permanent It'll
Spokesman Jack Bryan said in Albany "1 his is a voluntary relocation
not gorng to evacuate anyone by force.“

Oil Dump Seen as Cancer Causing
JAMESTOWN, N.Y. (Al’) The president of the 'l‘ransformcr Sale
Alleguny and his two sons were arrested yesterday and held It”
Carolina authorities on charges of dumping 31.000 gallons of canceh
_PCB~laced oil along 270 miles of that state's roadways.

SEPTEﬁ—r 1, i

 

  
  

  
      
 
 
  
    
  
   
  
   
   
  
  

located an “automobile on which bl.

lved with drug traffickers who operate in the nut 99
a

fa

the 1974 kidnapping of Patricia Hearst. But tliey insisted .

 

.. y. . ... um

ublic announcement will be
f the decisions reached ‘by
President Vincent O‘Leory

ns of three SUNYA colleges .
V library director.

wever. O‘Leary did say that
' notice would be made if a
sto bercplaced.So farthe only
replaced is Richard Kendall of
l and Behavioral Sciences.
luations of Mathematics and
" ccs Dean Vincent Cowling.
ess School Dean William
. cin. Library Director C..lumcs
idt as well as Kendrill' were
letcd last spring tinder a new
ighly confidential process.

e President for Academic Al'—

l?

i
i.

in what these actions Were able to accomplish." Attorney Lei ,.

by Steve ()sicr

' A SUNYA staff member. l’llll'iL‘h‘
Christoff. has been suspended
without pay and may be dismissed
following his conviction in a
Maryland court for padding
enrollments in a Maryland college.
according to SUNYA President Viri-
cent O‘Leary.

Christoff. who is in charge ol Non-
Crcdit Programs in the ()i'licc ol
Continuing Education at SUNYA.
was convicted of nine counts of false
prctcnsc and two counts oi
attempted false prctcncc in connec-
tion with enrollment padding while
serving as a Continuing I-dtrcaiion
director at Frederick (‘oinniiiiirty
College in Maryland.

He was charged \Hlli padding
enrollment figures to obtain blot).-
000 in Maryland state aid lor \rliich
the school was not eligible.

Judge ll. (‘hestcr (ioutly. \\lto
presided ill the ll'llll. sentenced
Chrisiol'l to 2 years and | day liir
each count. but suspended that
sentence and instead oidcicd him to
scrve4 months in u cot i‘cctions Iiictli»
iy.
Christoli is currently tree on bond
and will appeal the convictions on
Sept. 20 in Maryland Circuit Court.

According to Frederick ('oni-
niunity College Dean for (‘oinmuui-
ty Services Leroy l-ra/ico none of
the. illicit funds was ust for

SEPTEMBER 1,} 1978

' . v'd rtinmade recommep-
' r ,4 

dntions to O'Leary based on the
evaluations which were written by a
special committee of faculty from
each of the colleges and the library.

“1 have wi‘ittcn to all the
departments.“ said O‘Leary. f‘ihc
only way to handle this is not to
make announcements because ol'thc
conﬁdential nature of the reports."

The letter reads in part: "Obvious-
ly after an evaluation is placed
before me. l have it wide range of
responses available: commendation.
simplc discussion with the dean. a
variety of caution or men proba-
tion. In my view. whatever those
responses. ii is not in the best interest
of the University to announce
publicly either positive of negative
conclusions drawn about it dean's

erl'ormance. I believe it could be

 

UPS snort AREMAH

Dee-n oi Social and Behavioral Sciences Kendall said he would
return to a teaching position at SUNYA alter a new bean is round.

Official Convicted of False Pretense

('hristoil‘s personal gain.

“Most ol’it went to tire-("oinriiiiriv
ty Services” budget. and the surplus
was added to the college‘s operating
budget." be said,

' . .ier claimed lie was unable to
furniin either the total budget [or his
department. or tin estimate ol \\lil|l
percentage of the budget was corri-
posed ol thc misappropi'iutcd
money.

Ilc did say however that without
the extra 5160.000 “some scrriccs
would hate hard to he cut."

  

eamMumibh‘Déans?Reviews 

damaging to the administrative
effectiveness of a dean. and more
than that. he or she has the same
right to privacy in evaluations ofthis
kind as does any other staff member
of the University.“ 1

Martin refused comment on the
nature of the recommendations. say-
iiig that "it‘s a confidential thing
just like faculty reports."

Both O‘Leary and Martin said
that the process of euiluziting
someone will be changed before it is
used again. "We learned MilIlL‘
lessons." O'Leary said ofthc L‘Hllllil-
iioti process. ‘Somc were done \tell
and some were done not so \icll."

Because there are many new deans
‘SUNYA, additional e\ itIuiitioirs
‘ not be conducted again for
“If years.

 

SUNYA President Vincent O'Leary has witheld comment on the

  
    

UPS] JEN SCHNEEBAUM

deans‘ evaluation reports because of their confidential nature.

Dean Kendall To Be Replaced

by Jill Ilribcr

Dean of Social and llclrii\ioi'ril
Sciences Richard Kendall will be
replaced, according to it statement
released by SUN YA I’rcsidcui Viri-
ceni O'Leary. V

Kendall will continue to some its
dean until a new dean is lourrd. siiid
O‘Leary. Ilc is one ol the three deans
who. along with the director ol the
library. \\crc evaluated this past
)Cill’.

()‘l.c;rry is currently appointing il
search committee til loudly and
students to Iiiid ii iiL'\\ dcaii.

Kcndztll said he intends to lulu: u

sabbatical |cii\c loi‘ Ilii: arctiilciiiit'
year ‘79—ii0 and their ictuiu to a
teaching positional SI‘N\:\.

Kendall has named dcmi ol lliL‘
tlicn I)i\isiou oi Social and
lichziiioi'iil Sciences III spring I07-i.
llc nus appointed by lIiI'IllL‘i Vicc
l'icsidcnt loi Academic Allan's
l'lirllip Sii'oikiri. alter a \L‘illt‘ll
t'itlllllllllL‘L‘\llhlllillctlii "irol'cco-
rnincii dniiori" report.

He had been considered by the
\CiIIL'li coiiiiniiicc. rind \Hl‘t :Ilrciidy
\L'l\liii1 in acting llL‘illl on appoint-
niciit by Sii'otkin.

In it lL'llCl' dulcil .liily lb’. l‘i7b .lli‘

noiriicing the impending change ol
leadership in the ('ollegc oi Social
Iliitl liclirniuriil Sciences. ()‘| car)
praised Kendall lor his handling iii
the iiib.

Ilc \icni on to stress the impor-
l.riicc oi research iii the college. say»
trig: “leadership will require rr'pcr-
conversant with behiniiirrrl
scrcircc methodology. udcpi iii
lostcring the type and \iii‘icty oi iii-
lcl'iiL'llUlIS required ior Ii rich
icsczncli cm imminent. and skilled in
relationships Willicxlci‘lliiltigciicli:\.
kin particular those likely to sup»

port research.

stilt

Student DivellingsBuys Buildings

Student l)\\ellings. Inc. on SA
recognized group. recently purchas—
cd two lipili’llllL‘lil buildings on llrid-
son Sirch which “ill accommodate
SUNYA students “ho \iisli to IL'NItlL'

l'l'il/lCT sand that all the nioiic\ \\ ill
be repaid.

SIINYA Vicc I’rcsiilcrit lot i ii-
i\ersil) Alltiirs l.i:\tis \Vclcli. c\-
pltiined that. at this point. suspen—
\ititi has hccn ilic only action “1*
itiutcd by the university. pcndingtlic
outcome ol (‘hr‘istoll's appeal.

"He does llil\L‘ the right
challenge the action." Welch \Jlltl.
"but. iii :ill Iiklihootl. Iic \iill be dis»

it)

missed."
(‘lii isloil
comment.

was llllii\:ill;ihlc loi

Marc Benecke Settles
Out of Court with SA

by Jill Huber

Ihc long saga ol Ior'mcr L'Iziss oi
‘78 President Marc llcnccke istinally
coming to an ciid With the iiiinoiiiicc-
nicnt by SA l’rcsiderit l’iiul I-cldmitn
that l‘lCITCL‘KU will pay Sl‘rlllll oi ilic
$2000 hr: owes SA.

I'cldmun said the lmulstcp in clirsv
ing the deal will be his signing ii
iciclth officially tigrcciug to the out
of court settlement.

licncckc was tried and acquitted
of third degree grand larceny in
Albany County last October. iiltci
being charged with misap-

propriatirig SJtXN) from the ('lriss oi
‘78 treasury while he was sci'i ing as
president of the class.

In the fall of 19761 llcncckc was
suspended from SIINYA by Dean
for Student All airs Neil Ilrowri :il'tci'
he had signed a promissory note
agreeing to make restitution oi the
5.1000 to the Class oli'7X. llc llliltlt.‘
only two $200 payments on the note.

Last spring. SA bought the $2000
promissory note from the senior
class for $2000 to enable the class to
hold “senior week” activities.

continued on page four

    
    

till-t'llllipllx

llic buildings \\ ill piiry iilc \illL‘
housing lllill\ :it i'cusoirablc llIIt'L'\
and will hpr It) iillciiiitt- III.ill\ til the
pi on my oil-campus liitlhlli}:
pioblcms.according to llt'll\lllL'l ior

Strident |)\\c|lini_-s. lIIL' l\.ii lt‘k'
Kui Ison,
lhc corporation. \\llrI\L' Ironril

inciiibci's \\ ill consist oi SI r\\ '\ rltl'
riiiiiisliuiors and students. nus lor iii-
cd in chiiibcr iil [070 in iiii
attempt to case lllL' housing L'i uiicli
As it oils \\oiiltl
pioy idc cheap. llil nislicd iipiiitilicnts
iicur tlichusliirc lorstutlciits.('ciiiial
('outicil cur‘mrirkcd 3.20.000 lor the
lil'llvlCCl.
Accordingly.

cn\ isioncd. it

Student Dwellings

-é a! as»; 1....

Student Dwellings Inc. hopes to house

c'iilcit'rl into negotiations lor 'ilic
lllltl\ttli Si. littlllc~ iii ‘\luic|i oi |‘)77

llrmcicr. List Sept it \\.i\ ilclci-
mint-d tliut I'L'Ill|\illll|ll\ uoiilil cost
twice the originally prorct'tcrl iigurc
oi 5}},000. Unable to secure linuii-
cm): or .i inrn'tgiigc. the corporation
\\.l\ loiccd to \\'Illllll:i'.\ lioin the
negotiations and loilcit .i SL000
LlL‘ptl\Il

llic pioicct \\;i\ ic\ii;i|i/cd h_\
lininci SA l’rcsitlcnt llriyctrold lust
.\I:i_\. ultct .i iiionili oi
negotiations. llll'ld\ [orally

and.
\rcic
\CL‘lllL‘tl.

“A minor problem criilici \srisihal
c\ciyone on the board had rtllici
duties to attend to." (iold said

i-oumiuctl on page four
I" 7.7

  

' PS/’MA;1;  itO-u
10 - 12 students on downtown

 

Hudson Street In the apartments it has recently purchased.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE THREE

