  

 
 

 

- a” ..._._.... ...
—.,._s.«-..- -..~ ~.mo..,.-...

 

 

._...__ . -«a £7... s... .C « a,

 

 

 

 

 

 

'"NNIIMMIMNIIIIM

met be mound . . . Ill .
dream ol the earn-Minimum
olhtl'ttlybudgoted. . .lle
need existed tummy. burl-
ty. truth and times, minimum
coetmdmulrnumlmpect. ..
the notch had led many a who
man utrly, ltd loll many more
broken and unlultllled . . . until

. . . emerging in triumph train
the depth- ol the monolithic
page. the ultlrnele Inmr, the
iran caution. and the role-
tlon lor the university. . .

/-t

 

g

 

 

A revelation.

 

And only ten dollars.

\

j t

f‘
/

/

0/

(all Brian at
' -8891. '0‘.’.

 

 

 

 

 

\

semeiks 75 _

 

 

By DENNIS SCHEYER

bout six months ago a

computer operator form

Liverpool released a series of

singles in Great Britain,

followed by an album release
in both Great Britain and the United
States. The album and singles soared to
number one in England, but for the first
couple of months after their release in the
United States. Elvis Costello was nothing
more than a curiosity.

Then Columbia Records started the big
push. Actually, it was unneeded for
Costello‘s music stood up on its own. It
was radical rock and roll. the lyrics
intriguing, the music extremely
listenable. In any case, the album started
selling well enought to warrant a tour of
the US Throughout the tour Costello
has shunned interviews. etc., except for a
long-to-be remembered appearance on
Saturday Night Live where he stopped in
the middle of one song, and decided he
wanted to do a different one.

Which brings us to last Saturday night
at Page Hall. Costello sold fast;
University Concert Board had a hit on its
hands. The concert had sold-out almost
two weeks in advance. Tickets were being
easily scalped at $5 a head.

The audience was psyched. Elvis doing
his sound check (which contained new
material!) made it a certainty that an
intriguing show was imminent. Intriguing
turned out to be a weak word for what the
audience heard and saw.

UCB was forced to confiscate all
cameras and tape machines at the door
due to Costello's action in Brockport
when he ended his performance early
after being upset by someone's camera
ﬂash.

From the beginning Costello‘s road
crew seemed snotty. They seemed to be
content at the fact that the sound would
be as deafening as the massive speakers
could crank out.UCB handed a fewlucky
by-standers cotton.

Will Alexander and the Boom Boom
hand opened the show. l'heir debut

tlonaily done by lawyers.

which you want to work.
and corporations In over 80 cities.

to meet you.

 

\

nuimmm‘rmrmnmmmane-twatnew:er 'm i t-l'n‘

ll career in law—
Wlllllllll law SGIIIIOI.

What can you do with only a bachelor's degree?

Now there is a way to bridge the gap between an
undergraduate education and a challenging, responsible
career. The Lawyer's Assistant ls able to do work tradi-

Three months ot intensive training can ive you the
skills—the courses are taught by lawyers. ou choose
one oi the seven courses offered—choose the city in

Since 1970, The Institute for Paralegal Training has
placed more than 2,000 graduates in law firms, banks,

It you are a senior of high academic standing and are
interested in a career as a Lawyer's Assistant, we'd like

 

 

   

. Hr '

 

  

i Costello Showed;
Cheek and Charm. ’

album is basic rock; not bad, but certainly
nothing special. And so went their
performance.

They opened the show with “Home Is”.
Willie‘s on-stage movements were
animated and they were further enhanced
by his unique way of showing the
audience he could sing with gum in his
mouth.

During “Slippin and Slidin“ and
“Everybody Knows," Willie was plagued
by mike problems. For some reason this
also happened to the Talking Heads when
they appeared at Page Hall. Through it
all Willie kept rocking. When a member
of the audience called out “Cat Stevensl“.
Willie replied “Cat Stevens? Is he here
tonight? Stand up Cat-Gimme a break
man.“

Following several swigs from a handy
bottle, Willie stripped to a revealing black
silk t-shirt to sing “You‘ve Lost That
Lovin Feelin." The Righteous br'ethers
have no competition. “Radio Heart" and
"Hair" featured driving guitar solos, but
they were not enough to make up forthe
overall mediocrity of Willie Alexander
and the Boom Boom Band‘s performance

Following the intermission. a skinny
man in a grey suit a thin tie with red shoes
appeared on stage and wasted no time in
playing some ofthe most intense rock and
roll seen by area crowds in a long time.

Elvis Costello opened the show with
what was best called a medley of songs
from My Aim Is True. It featured
“Mystery Dance," “Waiting for the End
of the World“, and “Less Than Zero".
Throughout Costello had no stage
presence whatsoever. If anything, he
looked pained. But the music caught me
almost as much as the last time I saw
Bruce Springstein. Musically Costello is

something special.

He introduced two new songs next. The
first, “Lip Service,“ was a bitter tale of
unrequited love (a trend in all of his
songs). The second “I Don‘t Want to Go
to Chelsea" was superb. Elvis‘s back-up
band (which he never introduced) was
excellent. The organist played an

              
     
       
     
     
      
 
      
    
 

 
  
 

instrument that was reminiscent of Eric
Burden and the Animals. It added the
needed touch to the basic 60's rock style
that Costello emulates so well.

Costello took off his guitar and peered
through his Poindexter-type glasses into
the audience. He then played a revved-
up, dynamite version of “Red Shoes.“
The audience was into this man. He
rewarded them with good music and
assault.

Someone in the audience called
Costello an "asshole", another told him
to “Go back to England“ Elvis replied
with “Fuck off. come down here and say
that." In any case, from here on in his
stage attitude changed. Two more new
songs. “Hand in Hand" (dedicated to “all
you rich Americans with cars“) and “See
Your Friends" continued Costello‘s well-
known bitterness about love. The lyrics:
“I don‘t want to be your lover. Ijust want
to be your victim.“

Costello then segued into “Watching
the Detectives“, easily the highlight of the
show. The version was mch fuller and ex-
more powerful than that of the album.
The song is a put down of television that
Costello pounded out with every bit of
strength he bad. When the audience
began to clap along Costello yelled, “No
use in keeping time with us, we can lose
you."

Costello then asked the audience to
stand up. They obliged. He launched into
another new rocker called "Pep It Up“
Throughout the song the UCB people
asked the audience to please refrain from

standing. This. combined with several
flasheubes in the audience disturbed
Costello. His obnoxious stage attitude
turned into anger. and with a “Good
night," he stormed off stage after an
extremely 'short 40 minute show. He
refused to do an encore, much ’to the
distress of the audience.

The lights went on arid the audience
left. The reigning opinion was that the
music was of the highest calibre, but why
not an encore? It seems, according to
several sources, that Costello's band and
crew did not like the treatment he
received. Shortly after the concert, UCB
Treasurer Evan Gold was asked by
Costello‘s road manager how he liked the
concert. Gold said he enjoyed it and,
according to Gold, he proceeded to walk
away. The road manager then reportedly
grabbed him. tore his shirt, and took a
swing at him. Gold blocked the swing.
and the road manager tried to kick him in
a strategic place. Gold got away. But the
road manager caused further havoc
backstage by calling other UCB workers
"dirty Jews" and “niggers.”

None of this affected the music; it was
the best, though it was much too short.
As far as Costello and his crew‘s attitude,
it was at the very least appalling. If he
expects to have any sort ofa future in the
rock and roll business he better get his shit
together. Thanks should go to Concert
Board for the opportunity to see a unique
performer; they really suffered through
this show. May the music in the future be
of the same high calibre without the grief.

 

 

Pon-Corlbbeem ﬂssoclotlon
General meetan and Election

Tomorrow 8pm 2nd Floor Lounge

Waterbury Hall
Downtown Campus

 

What's Happening?

 

N—.———-—

 

 

 Mama aria—lam“

I’IZZERIA- RESTAURANT
WI Madison Ave. Albany NY

(inch 7 days. 4 p.m, I run.

\
\ ion ()N-I'REMISE EATING 4624.221

  

 I

 

 

 

 

 

 

\\l-t)lt I’l( I\'-l I’ UK DELIVERY Sl- it" ICE
Contact your placement otilce tor an interview with our \\ I'Iui ml us...) [or 50. um"
representative. \\ rm u pun lltllt' tlfulll , ulllil‘.
vw. . i visit our cam us on: '72.»
y 9 rs  r Women’s
‘0 V
Wednesday, April 5 0/)!f I I T will;
RES'I'AURANI & CA'll-RERS \\  Tier
809 Madison Ave. Alhan ‘ NY \ 
) \
" "OI'EN 24 HOURS" \
The InSt'tUte for ~ - - - ~ \ tum" 0!" ‘l you want tobewhere theaction
. . HJR 0N PREMISE EATING coupon V ‘ [hen ﬂomhc‘mckwimus
Paraleﬂa' Trammg r‘oa l‘lCK-lll' on DELIVERY SERVICE \ P" pie. ..,,,,wfonmmmmnmm
235 Soulh 17th Street. Philadelphia. Pennsylvania 19103 “5.122, \\\  RM. m the ‘ym in
Guam“ by Fund-8°“. "m This ml gum/fur 50c discount rm altun'lhlte Q] Sltititrrirrrrrr- \\
L ()A'Iz' COUPON PER PERSON PER ORDER 1
FEBRUARY 28. 1978 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE elm

 

 

 

   
  
        
         
         
             
         
           
   
 
      
     
        
         
          
       
      
      
   
     
      
      
     

  

             
     
       
      
             
       
    

  
 

              
         
        
    

