 

 

 

 

 

columns

 

 
 

Potter Tenants Angry

by Cookie Getter '
and Hilary habitats

Reverend Francis Potter of lo Washington
Ave. Remselaer and Reverend Dan Potter.
Presbyterian Minister of Route 3. New Paltz.
New York and Executive Director of the New
York City Council of Churches were brought
face to face in a meeting with their tenants.

this is one of the many efforts made to ﬁght
tor better housing. r

l'he Potters own sixteen of the many
deteriorated buildings on Clinton Avenue in
Albany. (Actually. Dan owns the buildings
and Francis manages them.) In July of‘78 the
L'rban Ministry Fellowship of Albany started
doing a survey in the Clinton Avenue area of
Arbor Hill. I'his is how many of the “inside
problems" got noticed.

I'he tenants were ’angered by the
uninhabitable conditions and wanted them
bettercd. So the long. striving ﬁght began.
Stcp by step the I’otter tenants. with the help
ot U I'A. pushed for better housing.

lhcy began by holding a meeting amongst
thcmsclics to establish plans for attacking the
situation. Conclusion of the first meeting was
to hate the city Code Iinlorcement Bureau
inspect their homes.

Ihc inspections were done and lists of
\Iolattons were sent to the landlords. There
ncrc titan) repairs to be done. In most oftlte
houses the tenants shared thc same problems:
IItisIIlc L'.\lls. bad electrical systems. bad
plumbing. cracked walls and ceilings. leaks.
tats and roaches. Ihc houses were just plain
unsanitary and unsafe.

:\llL‘l' Mr. l’oltcr received the lists of
\iolations. they began their work by making
"Iacial repairs". In other words. repairs that
were petty but tnadc it look as though they
were doing a great deal. Ihc tenants saw
through this and were angered even more by it.

(Inc of the tenants stated. "He is supposed
to be a minister. preaching the word of the
Lord. Why doesn‘t he act as that and repair
our ltuitics‘l".

Another stated. "All they are worried about
Is collecting the rent. Ihey'rc right on time for
that. but try calling them to rcpairsometbing.“

lly August 25th. the tenants decided that the
hcst way to deal with tltc problem was tomcct
uith the Potters lace to lacc. l'hcy discussed
tactic.» they would use and set the date for
September |4tb.

l he meeting was on. lht: tenants were there.
many ministers and other church
rcprescntatitcs were tltcrc. and. of course.
l l/\ “as there.

lcnants spoke about their problems
directly to tltc landlords and demanded
Icpairs be made.

Ihc tnorc excuses that thc landlords gave

for not making repairs. the more we attacked
the situation.

Mr. Potter states that he wants to take care
ofthe problems. but that it is difﬁcult when he
does not have the money or help. This is what
he claims. but it is ﬂimsy as an excuse because
these buildings have been deteriorating out of
neglect. We have inspection reports that go
back to the early I970s with the same
problems listed. only now there are more
added on . . . more serious and much more
visible. Now that the pressure is being put on
Dan. some repairs are being made. but there
are many more serious repairs that need to be
completed.

Dan I’ottcr was arrested on Sunday.
October tlth for failing to supply a secondary
emergency exit at ’30] Clinton Avenue. This
otfcnsc is an "unclassiﬁed misdemeanor".

punishable by a ﬁne or up toa year injail. He .

was released on SIOO bail and appeared in
Albany Police Court on Monday morning.
October 9th. He was released pending another
appearance on Friday. October 27th.

In the past. Dan Potter has been in Police
Court many times. Judge Kcegan simply fails
to put ttdcqualc pressure on the landlords.
What we mean is that when a landlord appears
in Irottt ol the Judge. he or she occasionally
gets a minimal line. or. more often. is told to
reappear in a few weeks. In either case. this
does not really help in prcssuringa landlord to
make repairs.

On Sunday. October l5th a group
composed of tenants. representatives of the
llrban Ministry. the Red Cross. United
lcnants and Arbor Hill Concerned Citizens
tttcl with Dan Potter in scc what repairs had
been made.

llc claims that he does not have the money
to put into the buildings. When it was
suggested that lit: hire someone to dothe work
during the week while he is in NYC. be reacted
angrily and replied. "I refuse to hire
somconc!"

thn the meeting ﬁrst opened. Potter‘s
beginning words were"! am willingio give you
some of tire buildings free of charge."

l'otter states that he wants to abandon the
buildings. lhis seems true: now that the
\tolations ltavc built up over a series of years
he wants to "walk away" Irom them.

On October l9tb. the New York City
Council ol Churches voted to set up a task
loi'cc to investigate l'ottcr's property holdings
III Albany. l'hc Iask Force will be comingto
Albany in early November to see first hand the
condition ol his buildings. We will keep the
pressure on Potter until all repairs are made. It
is t)l't\ltttls from this situation that it pays to
stick together and ligltt lor your rights. We all
llil\L' II right to better attd sttl'c housing.

 

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Say the Secret Word

To the Father:

Nobody won the dollar this year. I

Don Policella almost did, but not quite.

That is because he did not know the magic
phrase. Every year the people running the
Community Service Program put out aposter
during their registration. The poster reads:
SAY THE MAGIC PHRASE AND WIN A
DOLLAR.

This year. no one came up with the magic
phrase. Last yeara freshman uttered it the last
day of registration. Three years ago there were
ﬁve people. but only one dollar.

The magic phrase is: WHERE DO THEY
NEED ME TO VOLUNTEER?

The 580 students who signed up to
volunteer in the ISO local agencies this year all
wanted to “do good”. But they also wanted to
be where they thought they could get pre-
professional experience. where they could be
near the Draper bus line. where the people
weren‘t too old. too sick. too ugly.

Don Policella got stuck. He signed up for an
agency that really needed him. Then he
notices on the large board an agency which fit
injim with the kind of work he was doing for a
course. He could have dropped the ﬁrst
agency. But he decided to do a real neat thing.
He decided to work in both places. In one for
credit. in the other for love.

Hedi McKinley
Director. Community Service Program

A Matter of Taste

To the Editor:

In Sylvia Saundcr‘s article. “SUNYA's
Downtown Dining Experience" I noticed a
lcw. how shall I say. exaggerations. First of
all. she says it‘s hard to spot a familiarfacc in
tltc calctcria crcw. Couldn't this possibly be
duc to the fact that she only catsrtwo meals a
week here? 'l‘hcrc's a speciﬁc crew for each
mcal. not a crew every night. If she had eaten
tltcrc more than once. she would have seen the
same familiar faces.

Second ol all. she says downtown food is
scrvcd. uptown there are “ﬁve or six plates
sitting on a rack waiting to he grabbed." I‘m
sorry but I find it hard to believe that the
servers know exactly what she wants and has it
waiting for her. I‘m speaking of dinner. of
course. where there is always a choice of two
Itiain dishes plus a choice of vegetables and
you tell the crew what you want and they
actually do serve it to you. l'his is the way it is
on Colonial. anyway. I can't speak for all four
quads. hiIt I think they are basically run the
same.

These are the main points I wanted to bring h

up. but there is also the tone of the whole
letter; that beingdowntown is like eating at the
Golden Fox. while uptown is worse than a
greasy spoon. This was summed up in her last
line. “It's a matter of taste." (i.c-.. we have
none). Don‘t get me wrong. I’m not in love
with the uptown cafeteria or the way they run
it. It‘s far from Mom‘s home cooking. I juo
wanted to get the matter straight.

Name Withheld

Students Screwed

To The Editor:

One night last week I rode the bus uptown
and upon arrival at the circle I realized I had
left something at home that I needed. lquickly
hopped back on the bus and made the trip
back home and then back uptown again. Very
few people were on the bus and the driver and I
got around to talking about various things,
The conversation eventually turned to the
'crowding of the buses in the morning. Non.
everyone knows that the buses are ridiculous
at the start of the day with people being
stuffed-in like sardines (that is. if the bus
doesn't pass by the stop altogether). I always
assumed there weren't more buses running
because there wasn‘t enough money to hire
more drivers. According to my driver ll'lclltl
(who asked me not to mention his namc)thcic
arc drivers sitting in the motor pool and httscs
parked at the garage at the same time slittlcnls
are pressed so close one could lift his legs and
not fall down. I repeat: there are buses and
bus-drivers complctcly available. (.lttltlg
nothing. while you are crammed in at Unlill to
and l’artridgc or left standing at Mllnlllllj.’ oi
Main.

I get on the bus at Draper and lalways put a
seat. It is the people living on Alumni who illL‘
paying for adequate bus service and gutting
shoving. pushing and standing in return. Why
is this happening? Why does the Wellington
Express pass by people all tnorning when lllL‘l |'
arc twenty or thirty people on the has? It sccim
like a rather foolish waste of bus space. And
wltut about those extra drivers and htlscs
sitting around (getting paid) and doing
nothing while drivers have to break the law to
squeeze a few more kids on their bus.

In this apathetic world we live in. surely
standing on a corner in the freezing cold Will
be enough motivation for the students to gel
their asses in gear and open their mouths. I
think this calls for an investigation of lllt: bus
service. Perhaps we need an open forum where

the students and bus drivers can speak out and,

the administration can listen to our gripes.
l'ltis is our money being wasted. let‘s do
something about it!

Naittc Withcltl

 

 

 

 

an; as .
I. 00 MV HOMELUOSK
pt A wonAu,

M neon

GEOREIA'
I

FEIFFER‘

 

 

65W ll) T
APPL l  I
\

 

   
 

HELLO IM
3355/- MAE

am
7 . I onr
0

THE: JOB.

RE ((00
QUALIFIEV,
6A1, w- MAE .7

 

it
his 
C0 9. '

Tic mailman

PERSON 1 D15?-
VlEtdEV FOE

g ,
(/ Meagan To

0F MW
\‘ /,. T Z999le
g“ / HWTS

ta
J/ﬁﬁb

PLEASE! '

I BELIEVE IUEOV

I LIEVE ll.) amp , coupe DF
MEDEBAV Aw / SAW-lite?
pendant) weave,

i<u it) How TO
KEEP SECRETS-

l6”;

How, IM 506W
wagon A 0

1M ounce
roe FRESIUEW

ARE ‘r’OU

MA

J
4

MI "Ill alqu mt! ICYI

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

l

"l Ettective Placement

. To the Edltor:

As a May I978 graduate in Latin and Greek.
I understood only too well the problems of a
Liberal Arts major in the job search. The
Placement Service worked with me on an
individual basis to construct a plan of action.
The methodology proved to be a success when
I found a position in Data Processing Icon
after. graduation.

During a recent visit to Albany. I saw the
new. formal setup 0 Career Planning
Workshops. They offer to all students an
excellent opportunity to make a gradual
transition into the "real" world. I would
encourage students to utilize this resource.

Elinor B. Levitt

Where are
your Manners?

To The Editor:

Although addressed to the Editor of
the-ASP. this letter is really directed to the
University Community as a whole.
Unfortunately, there exists here at Albany
State a small percentage of the students who
are either unwilling or unable to treat the
Library facilities with the care they deserve.
My speciﬁc complaint concerns those
individuals who evidently consider their right
to smoke in certain designated areas of the
Library not as a privilege and a courtesy
extended to them by the Library
administration. but. instead. as an inalienable
right which they evidently feel they may abuse
with impunity. The worst example of this
inconsiderate behavior is to be found in the
Library‘s second ﬂoor lounge which.
especially on Monday mornings. has cigarette
butts strewn about and ashes dumped on the
carpet. ,Often it appears that the perpetrators
of these abuses simply ﬁick their ashes and
discarded ﬁlters at the ash cans instead of in
them. showing either a lamentable standard of
accuracy. terrible eyesight or. more probably.
an extreme lack of concern for the rights of
other patrons of the Library building.

In view of the fact that the Library staff is
not, at present. large enough to effectively
tnnnitor all of the Library's patrons all of the
time. it is respectfully suggested that the
University Communitytake on the majority of
the responsibility in preserving the building
and its interiors from further deterioration
caused by an abusive minority. This may be
tnost effectively accomplished it every library
user takes it upon him/herself to report to

library staff members amy incident involving
smoking in non-smoking areas or of abusive
conduct in the areal set aside for the beneﬁt of
smokers. Peer prenure is probably the best
method for securing comploance with Library
regulations.

It is to be remembered that any activity that
abuses the resources of the University Library,
in the long run only hurts the users of the,
Library. 50. all of there users have a common
interest with the Library stafT to see that
abuses are curtailed and eliminated. Thir
appeal to the University Community as a
whole has been made for YOUR beneﬁt as well
as that of an overworked. but willing staff
member who hopes not to be faced on early
Monday morning with a scene more ﬁtting for
a slum or a battleﬁeld than for an institution
dedicated to research and customer service.
Please treat the Library as if it were your own
home and you were expecting important
visitors at any moment.

Richard J. Becker

In Praise of Bottles

To the Edltor:

Congrats to Richie Mermelstein for his very
excellent column entitled “Let's Return to the
Returnables." It is good to see this appear in
the ASP and hopefully. it can help to support
a real drive to get the return ofthe returnables.
When one considers the enormous waste of
energy and resources that this throwaway
madness has caused. it would seem that the
idea is long overdue. I. too. would encourage
all of us to support the Cooperman-Smith bill.

Richard D. Kelly
Assoc. Professor — Biology

 

Got problems with your landlord? Your
dorm director? One of your professors?

If you've got any kind of gripe, or for that
matter. if something nice happens to you that
you'd like to shore. write us a letter. Just type if
up, preferably double-spaced, and drop it off

,0! room 329 of the Campus- Center.

 

v. v; :i
I.
ll  o
.

Carrying On Again

l

 

 

l

Written to the Wind

by Lynette C. Velnsco

It matters not what day. time. ctc.. but a
second ago. my hard work time payments. and
an elderly lady who had paid all her dues to

and thrccjobs. His calm. his investments.all a
victim of raging flames. Gone all too soon
before you even really "got". Atid what is a lost
"got". biIt a used to have. a had. an empty

society wcttt up in ﬂames. It wasa 133 year old
landmarkcd structure. l7 Elk St. The media
went into full mourning fora building that had
seen liner days. and damaged law ofﬁces from
which tltc affluent had only to call their
favorite catcry. dine and wine in luxury. and
then ncstlc ol'l’to their warm suburban homes.
The tenants. Well we winc too. Wim- in the
ll’i/rlt'rIIr-ri'.

Do I scent bittcr‘! l‘orgch. but my wants
ncctl conjuring. Conjure tip fire insurance
which my naivctc ticvcr tltougltt about for l
was iii an "exclusive" area. A landmarkcd
area. Conjure myself into a supreme court
judge with the right equitable connections.
I-lquitithlc connections which would give me
strength to light the Law Offices of Harvey
and Harvey. To enter iitto court on equal
footing. and know that fill: jtidgc was my
friend too and thitt ltc wasn't just going
tltrougli the momentary motions which would
inevitably cast me and mine into oblivion.
Conjure tip nicdiitcratic truth. knowing that
the weight of Harvey and “away Won't cause
the media to soft peddle the atrocities of
Harvey and Harvey. Atid for a brother.
Conjure calm. A man who fought hard for a
calm amidst life's mistakes and rcgrouptngit.

gutted nothing.

. . . And your insides gutted liltimcs worse
that any I33 year old building. or law ofﬁce.
or people that have wartn homes to return to. I
mean. [just want you to understand. biit I
know It's impossible. so I‘ve written to the
Wllltl. It's the only thing left and sometittics I
wontch about the wind. cause [just can't lintl
any it” but lltcti I can‘t keep on this line of
thought. cause I can't Wl‘llt: out my last bit of
iopc. I mean all writers have tostopjtisl short
ol that last hit. You've got (even thought my
“gots” gone and lclt) to stay away front the
danger IDIIC.

. . . Any what ol Ilarvcy. Well. it was tnorc
important to renovate the ﬁrst and second
limits (the law ofﬁces). To leave the boiler
l)l'tlkc for six months while fancying up the
entrance way. lns‘tallinga new chandelier. new
ctti‘pcts. ctc. chcr. never for a second think
tltat IIIII’VL‘y was inconsistent. He brought
brand new electric heaters for the law offices

on the first and second floor. Ilis husincss'

interests were always nestled. safe. sound. and
warm. Ilis tenants. used ovens. make Iihift
hcttlcra’. etc. to keep themselves warm. And the
eighty year old liidy. well she wasn‘t it business.
so wltat Lhc ltcll'I

ll

 

Four years ago his victory was called a ﬂuke, something produced by
the voter‘s reaction to Watergate and its aura of Republican corruption
His opponent, the care-taker Governor Malcolm Wilson. was labeled by
one correspondent as being“. . . the least colorful and appealingthough
far from the least qualiﬁed candidate the Republicans could have
ﬁelded." It was as if he won in 'spite of himself. '

But today Hugh Carey is again a winner. He came from behind and
proved that as a politician there a few above him on the list of crafty

survi

VOI'S.

Broad praises will not be heaped on his head within these pages
however. He has been a good executive. a solid one, but there have been
times when his responsiveness —— especially tothc needs of this state's

students — has been less than satisfactory.

A prime example of that is his recent indecisivencss with the student
health fee, an issue which may not seem to important to a governor from
the city. but is to an undergrad from Dix Hills.

The huge cuts made in the SUNY system during Carey’s ﬁrst term
must also not be forgotten. Here at SUNYA we know all too well what
the word retrenchment means, and how bitter such actions can be.
Especially when even a Democratic committee in the Assembly ﬁnds no

budget crisis warranting such cuts.

To completelyjudge the man because of actions regarding the SUNY
system would be unfair, though. He did, in at least some measure, aid
New York City during the great bankruptcy scare in I975; andjust as

importantly he stuck to his guns over the death penalty.

It is that steadfastncss which has been Carey's greatest attribute. He
refused to knuckle under to the passionate but misguided public outcry

for justice in the form of an electric chair.

But even with Carey‘s re-clection. there appears to be some public
dissatisfaction waith incumbent Democrats. Stanley Steingut. the
dominant figure in the State Assembly since the Democrat take-overin
I974. is gone.

Perhaps the Governor should take this as a sign that even though his
own victory may be impressive, the voters in New York State are not
completely happy with the Democratically controlled government. The
Republicans‘ renewed control ofthe Senate may also be a warning signal
to Carey‘s party‘s and his own always shifting image in the public mind.

For now however, Hugh Carey has survived. It remains to be seen ifin
the next four years he can achieve his I978 campaign goals. It also
remains to be seen if issues he raised in 1974, such as public ﬁnancing of
campaigns, will be met.

He will need whatever Irish luck he can muster. He will need to live up
to the rhetoric.

é.

agar

TItoMAs MAnuLm. I;'ditur-tn-('ln‘rj

News :nirol
Assocurr Mrws EDITOI
Asrtcrs IIDI'I’DIS
AssocIArr Asncts EDI'I’DI
Srons :oIron
AssoctAn sron’s roiroas

I-lntroxiAI. unis [DI‘I’OI . . . . . .‘ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .ZAcn KnisoN

onunsmt; MANAora
BILLING CONSULTANT
I‘Avaom. MANAGE!

IIrAn rvrtsr

 

M..I. MLMMIH]. JA“ (Eissm. Managing Editors

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . EDITII BERELSDN, LAURIE SMILAN
. . . . . . . . . . . . . .STEPIIANIE DEL ALLE

sIAI‘t‘ walrus: Al Baca. Charles Bell. Robert Blasenttein. Jeff Carone. Janet Cerni. Marie
(‘oitiss-m. Mike Dunne. Michele Israel. Jeff Kennell.J.M. Reilly. Aron Smith. Deborah Smith
Ar MANAGn: Jesse Schercr zonIAc NEWS: Laura Schrau
racvuw rAttl: Lynn Herl news [DITOI otiurcus: Matthew Cox

JONAnIAN Honors Business Manager

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Deanna KOPF
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . CAROL COTItlSS
. . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . SUSAN Assrtt
Booxxurmt.‘ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
sAus PERSONNEL: Steve (ioldstein. Jeff Levitan, Richie Mermclstein. Jody Wilner CLAsSIrILD
ontaristNG: Steve Matter COMPOSITION: Amy Soars, Jeanne Jn AI) PaooticitoN MAN/torn:

lrcttc l‘lInIlll An raooucrton: Hildy Brand, Julic Greenbcrg, .i1 Kwitsnik. Liz anwod,

Laura Scliraub, Stephanie Sherman (writrt: Lisa Applebaum. Ruth 'fcrill. Darlene Fried

MtcuAlI. Giti'ros. Production Manager

HAYDEN CAIIUTII. Assistant Production Manage
' LoaAtna LIntittAroIta

VLITICAI. CAMtIA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . B
I-Asrz-ur: Sally Anti Hrcchcr. Lynn Hen. Wendy Kaufman. Laurie Studwell TYI'IS‘IS: Sall Ann
ltrccher. Robin Goldberg. Cheryl Kaufman. Clara Kuebler. Marilyn Moskowitl. Diana ruci.
Ivy I’cltr. Donna Iteichner, Lisa Selkin. Beth Stone not run: Leslie Appclbaum
I-IooutrAmI: Donna Reichner

I'ItoroolAmv. .rupplled principally by Uant'IJlly Photo Service
’ cIItrr moron-Anita: Mary Ann Hovak rttorooaArIIus:
Scott Arcmim. Routine Kulakoff, Bob Leonard. Tanya Ann
Sam Terelli. Howie Jacobs. John Chow. Tat: Moon

ESTABLISHED l9I6
lllt‘ A Ilmn y Sludenl Press is published every Tuesday and Friday
zllhuny Student Press Corporation. an Independent not-for-pro t organlrattan. EdlIorlal
[mllt'y I.l' determined by the Edllor-ln-Chleji and number! to rev w by the Editorial Board.

Mailing Address: Albany Student Press. CC 329.
n (510) 457-8892

Ton Tnssarotti, Laura Viscusi.
arvcy. Jeff Schneebaum.

during the :choalyett by the

00 Washington Ave. Albany. NY [2222

 

 

 

 

 

 

