 

 

 

10. can, mrv, inn, LEE,
DREW. 8! Bil-l-
BEST OF LUCK
IN THE FUTURE...

THANKS FOR ALL OF THE
EXCITEMENT THIS YEAR

WITH LOVE, MRILYN, DEBBIE.
ELLEN, SLE, “TN, & BRIHN
PS. We‘re grateful for all of your help

 

 

 

PARTY TONIGHT.
mnv 12th
Class of ’81 END-of-TERM CELEBRA110N
9:00 PM. - 12:30 AM. in no Bdlroom

DON’T “"55 IT!!!

 proof of age required idr alcoholic beverages

r-M’ ‘ r.in

 

 

 

SA
CONTACT
OFFICE

457-3428

 

 

Located next to check cashing
Xerox service

Bus charters

Weekend bus tickets

Concert and Speaker’s tickets
ASP personals and classified ads

 

juntlr'tl ll'l' Static-n! /l.l'.\'lll'ltllf(lll

 

‘Oldies But Goodies’

Fleet market
Sot. [flog 13 from 12-5 pm

on the lown of Eldon-Waterbury dorms

(ﬂlumnl Quad-Western ﬁve.)
SEHQIS:
lost chance to register between lO—ll:30 Set.
morning ot the Flea market site.

Refreshments

Hll University 8: Community Persons
are Welcome!

In case of rain, the Flea Market will be held in the Bruhncher game room— Alumni
Quad. Bring Your Friendilil funded bLSIullt'Ill Association

 

 

 

 

 

By ANITA UNTERWEISER
omeone once said that you
can't go home again. Despite
that warning, thousands of
people swarmed. to Sheep
Meadow in New York City‘s

Central Park on April 30 to do just that.
Academy Award-winning director Milos
Forman had sent out the call forextras to
appear as the participants iii a “Noll-style
Be-ln“ for the movie Hair.

Despite the ungodliness of the hour at
which filming was to begin. the grey
clouds above, the icy chill, and tire lack of
reliable transportation on a Sunday
morning, many could not pass tlp the
opportunity to once again don their peace
signs, love heads, and American flags.

About 50 people were already there
when my sister Ellen and l arrived at 7:45
A. M. We were both relieved to discover
that we were not the only ones “in
costume." l was wearing an lndiiin shirt
and batik skirt, with scores of beads
around my neck and carrying a
tambourine: Ellen wore patched jeans, a
dasliiki, a medallion that she had got
when she was in third grade, and a fringed
scarf tied Navajo-style around her head-
and we were dressed conservatively.

Wltilc we were waiting for the cameras
to set tip, Ellen and l walked around the
makeshift "stage" to talk to as many
people as we could. A few had noticed the
painted llower and peace sign on Ellen's
face, and they asked her to add to their
facial artwork.

Irom someone, a Harmony that looked as
if it had seen a lew demonstrations in its
heyday. Ellen picked up the tambourine,
and we led everyone in a few choruses of
"Blowin‘ in the Wind," “Eve of
Destruction,“ and “(iei 'l ogether.“ l
returned the guitar to its owner, and he
immediately began playing Dylan. Some
guy promptly whipped out a harmonica,

Meanwhile, l had grabbed a guitii'r'

V The Sixties
Come Alive

while Ellen and i took turns on the
tambourine. and we wercjoined by ahoiit
ten others in running through an entire
repertoire of Dylan arid ()chs in llll't‘C-
part harmony.

By this time filming was abotit to begin,
and several punk bands were preparingto
provide the advertised entertainment
Things were going pretty slonl) until
Ellen and an ABC newsperson ti-om
Kentucky named Patrick conspired tolit't
rite tip onto Patrick‘s shoulders. Strait-ont-
tossed a felt and leather hat on Ill) llt‘lttl,
liveryone danced, and I kept triiic on tin-
tambourine for the ten minutes lit-tort- I
was returned to term iirrrra. (I hate Ilc\ci
been the object of so many snapping
shutters in rriy life!)

After listening to the music tor a nitric,
lillcn and l decided to take another italk
around the park. We then sat on tile grass
and watched the cameras roll. 1 am. \\t‘
talked to Steve and Linda. ||ic_\. like
most oftlte others there. were in lllL‘lt’ late
twenties. Steve recalled the tltt)s \tiicn lit.‘
had worked at the l‘illniore laiist. and told
its all abotrt the people that he had lilL'l
and known there.

A few others came over and talked
about where they‘d been and “hill the)
had been doingin I968. Mosrot tlit-mliad
been active in high school and college.
and were really surprised to lcar n that 1
had been in fourth grade at the lltltt' .iittl
lillen was a mere child of eight.

At about 12:30 Ellen and i tried ltiL‘\ll
from the park, birt we somehow managed
to get cau yht in the rriiddlc oi the tiirning
‘b‘f’t’i'llﬁr‘ti‘r'i’s’hr‘i’ti sqttcnce. We shook the
tambourine high in the air. arid lllt‘lilll}
danced our way up to 72nd Street rotatcli
a train uptown.

When we reached the train, it llll llstlltll
we were back in the apathetic \L‘\t‘llilt‘>.
and that there was no way til "going
home.“ Brit at least in the hearts oi two
people, the sixties had triumphantly
returned fora few hours.

 

 

By LAURIE SMILAN

l/oi love. Iilcclric love.

Licensed learning playing on (/n‘ past.

Hunting liccm't'd power.

Learning .rcxuul meaning.

Electric hope iv in the music.

While it is not Baudelaire or Sylvia
Plath, there is something special and
unique about this poetry. it was “written”
by SUNYA's Univac lilll.

With the help of its programmer, (iai'y
Rappaport, the computer has been
spewing out poetry, in addition to
scientific data and/or transcripts and
schedules.

Rappaport, a sopltornore majoring in
"RL‘(), l’sychology, or maybe something
else,"dccided to program the computer to
write poetry as his final project for his
CSI 20] course. Essentially, his method
was to program arrays of words and
then

 

 

RAGE. 2A

phrases into the computer and
l program the computer to print these

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS.

SUNY’s UNIVAC
Aspires to Poetry

arrays randomly. lire result: “pot-tr)".
Rappaport says that cvcrituaih he
would like to try programmng s)lltll)lt'3
into the computer and let it create new
words.
While it may lack artistic inspirational
the conventional sort, and one may haw

difficttlty accepting it as art at all. ll can 5

not be disptttcd that Univac's pocnts are
interesting.

l‘im'i't'r curavring on] 15/ run/rill

[forever on! ofldirgltn'r.

Dar/t r/rrrlt' laughter.

Cumming dangling innr'r i'UlllI‘l’l

Dar/r (lurk (lung/int: control “I” "l

lung/Her

Dangling inner con/ml

Lawrence l‘criinghctti need not aorry
yet that his art will he outmoded by UN
advances of technology 4”“!
cottiputerilation. But who knotts‘.’ it
takes years for an artist to fully ichlt’l’
his art and Univac has only just hchIIv

v

.MAY 12,197ﬂg,‘

 

 

 

 

 

L

By JOAN BRANDEJSKY
ast Friday morning dawned
dariip and gloomy and the
ominous clouds soon
produced the threatened
downpour. Typical Albany
weekend weather. Unforunateiy, this was
not a typical Albany weekend. This
weekend had promised excitement. It was
Mayfest.
l‘l‘ltltl)’ was lltrnian Awareness Day, a
time to attempt to communicate with the
SllNYA corriintrrrity. As I watched the
lountains turned on tor the first tiriic since
October, however. I lclt hardly human.
liicrc was probably more water falling
from the sky and dripping oil my all-
birt-l’ro/en body than there “as spouting
lr'ont the lountains. And. as lew were as
dedicated and,‘ or as tooliin as myself,
most of SUNYA remained indoors.
[here was little cournmunicatiori. Those
who did brave the dariip. however, were
treated to free suds: both from the
numerous kegs and froin the already
sabotaged fountain.
Most quad activities were
cancelled because ol the weather.
l‘riday and Saturday‘s Quad partics,at
State and Colonial respectively, were the
usual fare, albeit with more rrroriey spent
on beer, munchies and entertainment.

rches

By PAUL SAVOCA

oriday and Tuesday nights in

the PAC Main l'hcatre saw

the huge success oftlre lhird

Annual Soioisrs Concert at

SllNYA. Represented were
four of the music department's most
celebrated talents, all wrapped tip into an
exquisite orchestral package under the
direction of R. l‘indiay Cockrell, who,
with this concert, rriade his symphonic
conducting debut after earning his
Master‘s degree 12 years ago.
Cockrcll,when questioned before the
performance, rated the solists “astop-rate
undergraduates" and the orchestra “as a
fine college orchestra.“

Asa whole, the concert was more than
enjoyable, it was a truly exciting event,
one which should be appreciated by more
ofthc student body. i noticed many older
community members, and music majors,
biit not an overwhelming amount of

also

(Mayfest Brings
Out the

Best

Unfortunately, both Quads hired the
satire band, who played the same songs in
the same order both nights. Luckily, few
in attendance, were aware ofthis fact, and
nrost had a good time.

The brew left a few feeling very spirited
and so the inevitable fire alarms were
pulled, and many were treated to being
untimely torn from their warm beds and
forced out into the cold and wet night.

Sunday, however, was beautiful. It was
sunny and by the mid—afternoon it was
actually hot. it was a perfect day for the
main event of the Mayfcst weekend: the
otitdoor concert. My l'riendsand I left our
dorm at noon carrying the essentials for
the day: blankets, sweaters, cameras.
pitchers,sttriglasses,tanning|otion,joints
and clips.

When we arrived behind the Carriptis
Center, we were ertgtllfcd by a growing
sea of humanity. We were surrounded by
what seemed like thotrsarids of people,
spread out on blankets, standing in lines,
lrisbceiiig on the sides and just plain
mulling around. The attendance was so
great tiiat the security patrol stopped
giving out tickets at about 4 p.ni. it was
hopeless.

i lay in the grass and soaked tip the sun
arid beer. llie atomsphere was both calm

other students. Also, for the first time,
there were two successive performances
and both nights the orchestra played to a
near capacity house~an encouraging sign
indeed!

As for thc soloists, the concert began
with a perlorinaiice of the Riisager
Conccr'tino for Trumpet and Strings,
Opus 29. Riisager, Scandanavian
composer, contrasts an almost typically
Baroque sounding solo trurnpct part with
contemporary underscoring in an open
and light manner. Greg Hutcliins, a
senior and a double major in Music and
Economics,wa plans to attend graduate
school for music, treated this contrast
well with a rich butjudiciously lighttone.
He handled sortie of the more technical
aspects of the third movement rather

admiriably, conveying its open and
capricious nature.
The concert continued with a

“A cornucopia of
enthralling blues rhythms
and melodies masterfully
molded to suit an orchestra
makes Rhapsody in Blue
unique and extraordinarily

popular.”

MAY .12, 1978

 

arid exciting. There were no academic
pressures here nor even the thoughts of
them. livcryone just talked with their
friends, with everyone else, got high,
drank beer and listened to the music.

As lar as l was concerned everything
mixed perfectly. The parachutcrs. the
str'cakers, the bands, the dogs and even the
few little kids running around half naked
all seerricd to lit irt perfectly. lhis was as
close as SUNYA would ever get to
Woodstock.

tra Concert: A

performance of I'laydn's Concerto in C
for ()boc and Orchestra. Donna Swahlan
is a sophomore Music Major who has
previously appeared with the Albany
Symphony and studies under (3. Randall
lillis here at SUNYA. The Haydn
Concerto was long and the tempos taken
by Cockrell and Swalilan were too slow,
seemingly adding to its length. Swahlan‘s
tone is quite good (she obviously does her
vibrato studies well, licr tone is thick and
rich) hilt technical passages were not
played with enough fluidity and some
phrases seemed trite, which is a pitfall in
llaydn and Mozart especially.
i‘ollowing was a grand performance of
the William Tell Overture, with some
particularly beautiful playing by Steven
Elisha and other members of the ‘cello
section. The William Tell Overture
contains at least three themes familiar to
the cartoon buff, the Lone Ranger theme
being the most familiar. l noticed both
nights that some kind of visual oraudible
response came from the crowd at the
onset of the Lone Ranger theme, but
Tuesday night it was particularly loud
due to the fact that three l‘rench llorn
players donned black Lone Ranger
masks! it is rumored that this was the idea
of principal French Horn player and
Biology Professor Dr. Helen (itiiradella.
Cockr'ell seemed unaffected by the antics,
and the crowd, of course, loved it.
l‘ollowing intermission was a
performance of Mozart's Motet:
lixsultate, .lubilate. Marie Myers, 21
senior music major who has appeared
with the Capitol Artists Resident Opera
Company as well as in numerous
productions here at SUNYA, shone
above the sleppy intonation and missed
aceidcntals in 'cellos and basses behind
her. Myer's voice is refreshingly clear.
sweet in the upper register, but a little

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

UPS/MOWIE iAcous

The acts followed one after another,
but I couldn‘t tell a Pierce Arrow from a
Robert Hunter. (is Garcia gonna show
up?) it all sounded great. Bonnie was
terrific. She may be small. but she‘s
powerful.

All in all the weekend, though it started
out to be ratiicr wet, tllrned out to be
thoroughly enjoyable. Wliy can‘t every
day be Mayfest'.’

Oh, well, enough of romantic notions.
()n to finals.

UCCBSS

weak in the lower. The Motel, in three
sections, ended all too quickly. The
audience recognized Ms. Myer‘s true
talent and promise. She was a delight to
listen to! Her technical passages were
extraordinarily clear and apparently
easily executed. Myers plans to attend
Graduate School in Voice.

Finally, the long awaited moment
arrived. The splendor of a grand piano
juxtaposed with an orchestra was set
before us. Jeffrey Stein, a Junior double
major in Biology and Music, who plans a
career in optometry and piano teaching,
had appeared to give his rendition of
(icrshwin‘s most celebrated piece,
Rhapsody in Blue. A cornucopia of
enthralling blues rhythms and melodies
masterfully molded to suit an orchestra
makes this piece unique and
extraordinarily popular. Stein certainly
lived up to the piece‘s reputation. From
the moment that principall clarinetist
Matthew Sica sounded the opening
passage, we knew we were in for a treat.
Stein‘s rendition was beautiful. 'l‘empos
were perfect, articulation infallible, and
phrasing was done well‘ throughout. it
was overall an enjoyable performance.
Stein played with a noticeable Coekrell
influence (Stein has studied piano under
the conductor for the past year and a
half), but this inlluence is nothing to put
down since Cockrell plays the Rhapsody
as well as or better than anyone today.
Also, Stein played the piece in its entirety
(a rare occurencc) and did a masterfuljob
of it.

Other noteworthy orchestral soloists
were Richard Wyton, flute and Leonard
Harrison, English Horn. All in all. an
exciting evening and rather
professionally done. The Fourth Annual
soloists Concert is certainly not one to be

missed. J
PAGE 3A

 

 

