 

ALUMNI QUAD
BEGINNING NOV. 19
- 1 -30 AM

enuancken L

OUNGE

     

 

 

Any

of Washington Ave.
on Sat. Nov. 11, Please C

    
   

—‘

 9):, 3"

one who witnessed an accident on the corner
and Brentor Street at 5:15 pm
ontact Steve at457-2190 or

482-0854 as soon as possible. Thank you.

 

 

uptown (“lest Bound).

2. EITBR Weekend Bosses for

I I .l l
alumni Bun

LEBVES CIRCLE

1:55

EFFECTIVE MON"
NOV. 27, 1975

3:15

:35

 
  
      

e:

iii“: ‘7 ‘3’

 
   

  

   

HTTENTION-
O
1. Due to overcrowding, the
Eost Bound WELLINGTON
EXPRESS will not stop at
Partridge St. between the
hours of 2-6 PM. It will still
stop at Portridge St. going

LEFIVES BLUMNI
2:1 5
2:55

  
   

 

 

 

-—---J m:

-‘
.____.————-

 

   

*“éﬁiii”
lit T 9e

trip to the Gemini Jazz Cafe

can prove to be a memorable

occassion. On a recent visit. I

learned that the most

important thing to remember.
is to bring a lot of money.

Beth Kaplan

We arrived at 7:30 on a Friday night.
“lift the intention of eating dinner and
heartne some live jazz. We did both and
loundtach to be quite sactisfactory.
However. at the end of our stay. we were
presented Wlli‘l a little surprise—because

dinners. in: were charged a musician‘s fee.
lWhat it boils down to. isthat even though
each of us ate ta lot). we had to pay an
additional “.50 a piece that we didn‘t
plan for and weren't told‘about before we
received the bill. ln addition. some of the
menus weren‘t marked with the new.
higher prices. but the bill reﬂected the

Ichange. Vs hen we confronted the owners

with these problems. the) claimed we
ut-i: wrong on both accounts. We paid
the musicians fee. but were able to get a
slight lL‘JuCllt‘ll'l because of the differing
prices

Despite all that. the club itself is \er)
riitc It is let; small and located at the
it 1U: and Madison. Three
wail of the downstairs
'es and the stage fill the
.wm. 5. small hair and kitchen
area downstairs Hating
4 ed .1 iquOl license. the
rim iL'biUiC.‘ a small selection of VHDC

ttrl ntl

 
 
  
 
 

htiiitt’is line A‘ "

 

.tttii hunted ht‘t‘ts
ilL' prim-s art: .1 little higher than
dicing“: loud ranges from complete
d.ririt-rs <.iitiurid $6.00) to Italian soft
drinks (Si "5i Basically. the food was
good and well prepared. Most of our
selections were omlettes. quiches and
.. z ’ iv

 

 

 

comfort

we didn‘t have u hat they term “complete” .

 

Th0 Gemini Jazz Cate. locatod at the corner at Dove and Madison otters nn
onloylbh Illhough comcwhot oxponclve ovonlnn. (Photo: Kurt Chnn)

 

November 17. 1978

   
   
 
 
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
 
 
  
    
   
   
 
   
   
    
  
    
  
  
  
 
   
  
       

Gemini
onion soup. The omlettes were good;
choice of ingredients and um,
combinations is up to you. The onion
soup was hot and last}. but
imcomparablc to L‘ecoles‘s. The meals
were hot and cooked to order. but it took
quite a while for the food to appear from
the kitchen.

The atmosphere of the cafe is very
mellow. The crowd is usually older. and
therefore. more mature. Most wercpm
appreciaters and attentive to the mime,
Everything is very casual and leisurelt.
You can spend as much time there at :. .iu
want. and won't be bothered by the
workers or people waiting to grab _\iiur
table. I found the atmosphere to h; .iLi'llL'
inspirational. It's a good place [Ii 5 lttlld
writc.bcinlove.haveaquieteteniriguiih

unwind orjm listen to some like
'ood. live jazz. '

The music was excellent on the night
we went. The musicians served as frmth
background for dinner. illiti
entertainment in themselves. L'suall). the
Gemini features a trio or a quartet I] m-
jar]. starts at 8:30 on Honda} and
'l hursday nights. and at 9:30 on Ifltiti)
and Saturday nights).

lhe room is simply. but i.i\'."‘ .. _.
decorated. The tables are covert-ti ~\.'il
biotin flowered cloth and candies ILL‘
lighting of the room is soft, enhiiiitn
atmosphere. One Will has drew". ..
\‘.llil a ﬁll] emphasis. and tilt: it-t 
slllipi) painted in subtle colors

If you plan to eat. you are put it. 
downstairs room. If food isn‘t lII j. ‘ll
plans. you are ushered upstairs, \tht':~ 'I '-
\lt.‘\\ ol the stage is through beams .' 
I‘Iillli

Liking cwrythtng C'st‘l'HIlllig
account. the (icmini has the potcii
protiding one with a unique. pwi u.-
cxpericncc. Howewr. the btisiiiuu '»
the charges upset most of us. and ilL'iitL'
llllliL'd an otherwise delightful L'\t‘llllli.’

 

  

 

 
 
  

 

 

 

  

' Motlovi

hen Leonard Matlovich

' itedSUNYA Tuesday night

for n lecture sponsored by

Speakers Forum, his message

to homosexuals in the

audience was, “Say it loud, gay and
proud, say it loud.“

Matlovich. aged 35. was a decorated
Air Force technical sergeant in [975 when
he decided to challenge the Air Force's
anti-homosexual prohibtory stance by
announcing his own homosexuality. He
gained national attention when he
appeared on the cover of Time magazine
(September 8, I975).

Wendell Heddon

A son of a career Air Force sergeant,
Matlovich grew up on military bases
throughout the country. He said he was
raised as a strict Catholic but now states,
“I‘m a very religious person but I do not
feel a part of any church."

After graduating from high school in
England. hcjoined the United States Air
Force. Mutlovich distinguished himselfin
Vicl Nam by earning the Bronze Star.
Purple Heart, and a Commendation
Mcdul. “I think it‘s very sad that the
government gave me it medal for killing
two men and none for loving one man,“
he said

“I knew I was gay at the age of four,
even though I didn‘t understand it.”
MillIOVICII told the audience. He said he
repressed his sexual desires and httd little
sclfcstccm because of it. He said hewas a
racist: “I felt low myself so I had to put
down others." During training as it
human relations instructor in Miami.
tltcsc prejudices began to evaporate. ant'
along with them his contempt for
liomoscxuttlitv.

“I had to fiitd a place I belonged, a
place ofmy roots." After some initial fear.
he visited it “guy restaurant." He later had
his first homosexual encounter after

 

ch Speaks. F.

.visiting a gay bar a Pensacola. Up until
then. Mateloyich said: “I 'was a celibate
for 30 years.”

He learned that the American Civil
Liberties Union (ACLU) was looking for

‘a high-ranking military person to admit
he was gay, so that they could challenge
Air Force policy. Matiovich said that
seeing the fear homosexuals in the '
military had of being discovered ﬁnally
made himydecide to becomethat person.

He began the legal challenge in March.
I975 by writing a letter to his
commanding ofﬁcer in which he stated
that he was a homosexual. When the Air
Force began motions to give Matlovich a
general discharge, less than honorable, he

rebelled against the customary procedure ‘
and demanded that a three-officer-board —

review his case. He and the ACLU said
they would take the ﬁght to the Supreme
Court if necessary.

So far, they have gotten as far as the.
U.S. Court of Appeals: a decision has
been pending since May l5 ofthiti year. “i
do feel they‘re going to rule in our favor,“
Matlovich said.

The audience. which spanned all age
groups. seemed to hope so: Matlovich
often received applause and got two
standing ovations.

He called for till homosexuals tojoin in
actively campaigning for gay rights. “It‘s
not very pleasant to be gay or lcsbiiinttnd
to be growing up in this country.“ he said.

“How many of us know what it is to

sacrifice for guy rights?" Matlovich
risked. “Whut cxtrcme have you gone
through to hide your identity?"

He compared the gay liberation
movement with the black civil rights
movement in that both minorities faced
oppression.

“How long now for liberation? Not
long now. If we will only reach for it. it is
ours.“ he told the audience.

Matlovich mentioned anti-guy tictivist
Anita Bryant several times during the

 

 
  
      

Loon-rd Motlovlch, coll-dowrlbod mllltant for love and hope, II currently

Ilghtlng tho Alr Force's antl-homoeoxual ltonco. (Photo: Steve ngro)

lecture. “We as gay people and lesbians
are no longer going to tolerate your lies
about us." he said. There is not one ofthc
Ten Commandments which says ‘Thou
shrill not be gay‘ or ‘Thou shalt not be
lesbitin.‘ But there is a commandment
thiit stiys‘ ‘Thou shalt not bear false-
witness against thy neighbor.“ Bryant is
“lying about us“ when she says
homosexuals are not good and moral
people. according to Matlovich.

“We Want to win Anita Bryant over,“
Mtitlovich said.

MiliIOVICh criticized President Curtcr‘s
emphasis on human rights in countries
outside the United States. “Why wasn't
[be] you in California? Why wasn‘t [he] in
California? Why wasn't [he] in Daytonit?"
(areas attempting to prohibit
homosexuality) fighting for gay rights
Mutlovich asked.

“I time—ﬁnd I‘ll go on record unywhere~

Good Bots: ﬂ Tupicol not

Good Rats concert is like
“Mom’s home cooking." You
can usually expect something
good. Their show at the
I‘IuIIllbltIOO Sunday night was

no 'cxccption.
Having seen "The Rats" ti number of
tiiiicii. I can siifclyjudgc this performance

'iis' typicul (for them). The show was slated

to stun tit |0p.m. However.in usuulGood
Rats fashion. they did not appear until
midnight. l’cppi Murchcllo. the lend

Beth Kaplan

vociilist. apologized for the delay but
offered no cxpliiniition. The show wuii
sold out. with mtiiiy people stitndiugto fill
the room. It Will; it siziiblc turnout.
considering that “The Boss" (Bruce
Springsteen) wus‘ iilso in town the some
iiiglil.

The show opened with lln cxccllciit
version of what l'cppi tcrmcd “it quite
hullutl" “Mciiii Motherfucker." 'l'hcir
usiiiil opciici‘ is iiii upbciit till-out rock
tune. The only rccortlcd version of the
song iivuilithlc :ippcni's on on English
import iilhuiii.

lit-sides the group‘s extensive use of
“dirty” words. the skilled diversity of
I’cppi‘s pliiyiiig ithility is whiit nuikcs the
(iootl ltiiis unique. Riitlicr lhiin plitymg
ii'iltIIliUllilI rock huiitl iiisti'uiiicitts. I’cppi
l'iivors an aluminum biiiicbiill hut mid ll
l‘oiini rubber guitttr. Wiitchitig him is
like wutching lhc stereotype of it [00A
musiciuti. llc pt'iinccti iiroitnd tltc stiigc
and pliin incredible iioloii without
producing ii note. l’cppi docii on
ccntcrittiigt. whut every l'rtiiiti‘utcd rock

 

 

slur among us does in to their favorite
stings.

It is Murchcllo‘s vocals that give the
Riils‘ songs flavor. I um of the opinion
that over time. Pcppi‘s voice hits changed.
It scents to be it bit lower. and has lost
some of its harshness. It is tin integral part i
of the hands tight harmonics. This
performance yielded some of the best
blends of vocals the biind has produced in
u long time.

Throughout the show. the will of tire
blind dcmostriitcd expertise on their
respective instruments. About htilfwuy
througlt their sci. introductions were
made. Mickey Miirclicllo (Hugh Carey‘s
caiiiipuign iiitiiiiigcr'Il). ti miin with the
biggest bctird Sccu. liiindlcd guitiirchorcti .
llllti uddcd vocals. .lohii “The Cut“ Gutto
iilso pltiycd guitiir. Tilt: tightness of the

musical intcriiction of these two'

iiiiiiiicitins wris itctirly flawless. Jot:
“lii‘iiscitiltt” limnco provided the rhythm

with his skillful drumming. An incredible
display of his talent and speed occurcd
during his drum solo in “Clash Kabob."
the closing number of the show. Lenny
Kotkc usuully stayed in the background,
but his strong proficient bass riffs were
prominent throughout the show.

The songs they chose ranged from
obscene rockers to quiet biilliids (rctillyl).
The first part of the show was quite lively.
l'cnluritig selections from piist ulbums tind
their most rccent,“l"rom Rats to Riches".

During “Don't Hutc the Ones Who
Bring You Rock and Roll." the audience
was reminded thiit “You all have to be a
little twisted ifyou pttid to hear us play."
And maybe they're right. I kncwthut this
show would be just like all their other
shows (of the recent pttst). but I had to
sec it iiiiytvny! The Good Ruts pltiycd the
Still“: songs (almost in the sumc order of
rodent shows). did the some things. and

 

 

 

 

a homoseitual militant. l'm a militant for
love and hope and. not hatred and
‘espuir." Matlovich said.

“You are the movement,“ Matiovich
declared to his audienCc, “Without you I
wouldn‘t be here today. Why can't you
take over. why can‘t you be a gay hero?
All it ttikcs is it little courage and a little
help from your friends,“ he said several
times.

“The answar is to come out of the
closet. To know a gay person is to love a
guy person." Matlovich stated.

Hc applauded it member of the
audience who told homosexuals. “If you
don‘t go to your boss tomorrow and tell
him you‘re guy. you should be ashamed of
yourself."

“The truth will set us free. And only the
truth,“ he said. “The truth is that we're
good people. The truth is that we're moral
people."

On Time

mttde a lot of the same announcements.
but I still had it great time. You almost
can‘t help liking a band that's this lively
and shows so much enthusiasm.
A recent addition to their show is an a
Cllppcllﬂ rendition of "Just Found Me A
/ Lady“ and “Could lic'l'onight“. Sunday‘s
version was the best I've heard it done.
The first cncorc brought older. uietcr
pieces. "They sound different than they
used to because of thc chitnge in l’cppi‘s
voice. -I favor the change. but it few
dichiird (iood Rtits funs insist he sounds
terrible now. After three songs. the pace
Wits picked up with the opening notes of
the long awaited "Locul Zero". In the
' piisl. l’cppi would throw rubber rats to
thc clamoring crowd during this number.
but it seems this triiditiolt has been ended.
Ht: httd his beat-up garbage cttn, former
home of the (rubber) rats. but this time, it
wns empty. Pcppi cluimed two gross of
their this were stolen. Somehow. I doubt
his word. The rats hiivcn't sailed into the
audience now for iilmost a year. At least
we were lrcntcd to viewing John Gutto
pliiying his guitar while perched on
I’cppi‘s biickl
Finally. the relatively quiet crowd came
tilive. By bringing beer bottles on tables.
cheering and clapping. they brought the
group out for it second cticore. They
(presented two requested favorites. “Back
To My' Music" tiitd "Hourglass". The
show ended with John rind Peppi
performing it shor kicklinc routine. The
crowd rctiitiiiicd on their feet and shouted
for more. but in 2 um. the Good Rats
decided it was time to go home — back to
Long Islund.
Rut On!

 

