  
   
    

 

 

"aﬂoat-3. .t.

v r" inhuman. s

  

 
 

 

 

   
      
      
      
        
        
       
        
    
         
    

 

     
 
      
   
        
       
        
       
 
        
   
      
       
   
     
     
       
     
     
        
      
     
    
       
     
       
  
       
          
     
      
 

 

, I, THOMASTMARTELLO

" ' ’ he rain pours out of the early
morning sky. A student
conﬁned 'to a wheelchair
attempts to maneuver
through the muddy terrain to

his destination. Once there, he is

confronted by a most oppressive obstacle:

a high curb. As the rain pelts down on his

 

assistance. Seeing nobody in sight. he
turns his wheelchair around and heads
back to his dormitory. That extra
research he had planned to do before his
exam this afternoon would simply have to
be cancelled.

This hypothetical setting has been a
reality for many handicapped Americans
for all too many years. In this case, the
student was denied entrance into that
building because of his disability — if he
could walk, he would have been able to
complete his research. To him, that curb
represents the same thing a racist
employer has represented to Blacks for
generations a discriminating barrier.
Termed the “hidden minority“ by
Health Education and Welfare Scretary
Joseph Califano. handicapped
Americans are gaining long overdue
recognition as important cogs of this
society and are ﬁnally being granted their
civil rights. A year ago Califano set into
motion and ambitious federal program
designed to remove the barriers #physical
and attitudinal —— that have prevented
handicapped persons from enjoying
equality in such areas as employmettt and
medujcation.

The program. taken from Section 504
of the Rehabilitation Act of I973,

 

 

 

head, the student looks around for.

mandates that any federally funded
institutidn be made accessible to those
with physicaldisabilities. Throughout the
nation, restructuring has taken place on
college campuses to comply with this
program. ,

Here at SUNYA. a task force has been
set up to implement section 504. This
campus has had a head start in the area of
accessiblity for disabled students. With
the ﬂat cement academic podium and
speciﬁcally designed suites on State Quad
for disabled sutdents, SUNYA stacks up
well in terms of structure. Yet phsyical
changes such as the construction of ramps
and extended door handles have been
made due to the task force‘s self
evaluation of the campus. '

“This university is making a conscious
effort to break down the barriers." said
S U NYA Rehabilitation Services
Counselor Sabina Vcrmeulen. The
Rehab Services Office caters to the needs
and problems of the over TOO disabled
students registered. It serves as a place
which deals with individual problems and
helps prevent possible barriers.

The construction of ramps is not where
the Rehab office and the task force's work
ends. In order to acheive true acceptance
and equality on this campus. and
awareness of the problems of disabled
students by the university community is
essential. The attitudes and reactions of
non-disabled people toward disabled
people is many times afar greater barrier
than a high curb or heavy door.

“I'd like to see people's attitudes
change.“ said Roger Beaudoin. who is
blind. “Some are over-sympathetic.
others are bashful and cold toward me.

I‘d like to see some more on middle
ground.”

The problems of blind students on
campus extend from elevators to the
classroom.

In elevators. I have to ask someone
which button is my floor,“ said Roger.
“Sometimes people will see that I‘m stuck
somewhere and they‘ll hesitate to help
me. I’ll always ask for assistance."

Tests are sometimes a problem for
Roger. Although special arrangements
are made for the tests to be read to blind
students. this isn‘t always adequate.

“Professors should take into
consideration that multiple choice tests
are particularly hard for blind students."
said Roger. "It isn‘t easy to remember all
of the choices when they are read to you."

Other problems include extensive use
of blackboards by professors and text
books. Blind students need the titles of
text books at least three months before
the beginning ofthe course. They send the
titles to an agency in New York City
which tape records the texts. “If a
professor decides to change a text at the
last minute. I‘m in trouble.“ said Roger.

“We have found that professors are
willing to help, but don‘t always know
how to," Sabina said. The task force
currently has a committee devoted to
faculty awareness and possible academic
adjustments that may have to be made in
order to ensure equality for the disabled
students. For example. if a class is
scheduled in a part ofthe university that is
not accessible to disabled students (such
as downtown). the classroom will be
changed.

"It is our hope that We can make this

'  ‘ ' no a.  stint  i.

 
  
 

“Professors should tak into consideration that

  
 

multiple 0’10“? tests are articularly hard for blind
students. It isn’t easytoré ember all the choices when

  
  

they are read to you."

 

university environment an open place for
people with disabilities.“ said Affirmative
Aetion Associate Gloria DeSole. “ These
include both the students with \lhlhlt‘
disabilities and the large numbers ol
people who have hidden disabilities."

One person with a hidden (.llhill‘tllll} i~
Mark Guntrum, who has cystic fibrosis. ‘il
respiratory ailment. To Mark. .i In
cigarette represents an "titiiiospliciic
barrier.“ "When someone llgllh up. it
affects a person with it l'L‘\pt|.tIitl_\
ailment.“ said Mark. "I used to ton-i-
myself to stay in class. Sometimes I‘d
change seats [ when someone nearby In it

   

  

     
 

cigarette]. Now I‘m more gutsy. I ask them

to put the cigarette out.“

SUNYA has a policy of no smoking in
classrooms and lecture halls. Despite the
policy and signs informing the
community that there is no smoking.
people continue to smoke. including
professors.

“It‘s interesting to see when it professor
starts smoking in class." said Mark.
"Those with the habit will light up
immediately after the professor does. It
causes a chain reaction gall ofa sudden all
oftlte Winstons and Marlboros come out.
You get fearful.“

According to Sabina. very few people

 

 

 

By EDITH BERELSON
’ he name Edward Durrell
Stone has become infamous
for most of SUNYA‘s
residents. The campus
architectural style is often the
brunt of many a snide comment. There
are others. however. that do not think of
Stone's creation in terms of concrete. For
the disabled, SUNYA‘s architecture is
judged in terms of its accessibility.
The campus was designed with
accessibility in mind. The podium's
levelness. ramps and elevators help to
make it accessible for those in
wheelchairs. When the campus was built
in the early 60's. it fulfilled the
requirements foraccessibility.Sincethen,
however, standards have changed. and
alterations have been accordingly made.
Ramps have been put around the
fountain area, bathrooms in the library
have been modified to have wider stalls.
and grab bars (a type of handle that
facilitates opening heavy doors) have
been installed on some doors. Recently a
route was made for those in wheelchairs
through the library to get to that area
containing University College. The
E.O.P. office and library school.
According to Coordinator of Library
Services to the Handicapped Frank Pozo,
planning has begun for a wheelchair
entrance to the library front the lecture
center. The Educational
Communications Center elevator would
be used for this library route. A ramp now
leads to the doors of the lecture center,
but "boxes" (at short plateau at the top of
the ramp providing a ﬂat surface) would
need to be built for a person in a
wheelchair to be able to open the door.
At present. all transit between the
podium and lecture centers for those in
wheelchairs must be conducted through

 

the elevator in the Performing Arts
Center. Since the library and Performing
Arts Center are on opposing sides of the
podium. the addition of the library route
would be an added convenience for those
who need a more direct route to the
lecture centers nearer the library.

Architecture is just one aspect in
considering accessibility of campus
facilities. In the library. for example.
those with certain disabilities may have
difficulties getting books off the shelves.
The library provtdes u paging service
which alleviates this problem. A student
need only call in the bookm he or she
wishes and a library staff member will
shelve them where it can be picked up by
the requester. The periodical room has a
similar type of service. I hose that have a
temporary (e.g. a broken leg) or a
permanent disability may register for this
service. The procedure in the periodical
room is to leave a list of journals
requested with a staff member. The staff
member will then give an approximate
time when the items may be picked up.
The requested materials will be held for a
day.

A computer terminal has been recently
installed next to the card catalogues in the
library. It basically provides the same
service as the card catalogue but in a more
convenient form. The terminal rests on a
low (easilin accessible) table. According
to Polo. the library plans to add two
more terminals in the near future.

For those microfilm users that have
difficulty reading smaller size print. the
periodical room has a lens which
magniﬁes print to a larger degree than
average microfilm machines. The user
need only ask at the desk for the lens in
orderto use it. Room B‘lbofthe library is
the Special Facilities room. as well as
POIO'B office. The room is basically used

by students or faculty with visual
disabilities for recreational reading. The
room contains Ll variety of reading
material in various forms. lror example.
among the reading material available are
copies ofthe large-type New York Times.
popular novels on recorded cassettes. and
a braille dictionary.

According to P010. "the worst problem
With braille is storingit.“ The room‘s copy
of Webster's New World Dictionary
easily demonstrated that fact. The
normally pocket-sited dictionary when
converted to braille fills seventy-two
volumes an’d is kept in a six-foot set of
shelves.

The room is also equipped with several
machines that aid the reading process.
I he Visualtek machine is a sort ofcloscd-
circuit television system with a special
lens. It can blow up a print from 40 to 45
times its normal size. The page that is
being read is placed on a plate below the
lens and is moved back and forth as it is
read. Another advantage to the Visutiltek
is that it can also be used for writing.
embroidery and typing. The Ednalite is
another magnifying machine which is
available for use. The magnification is not
as strong as that of the Visualtek.
therefore the Ednalite. according to
Polo. would be more likely to be used by
those with failing vision. such as older
people.

I lhc talking book machine looks just
like a regular record player. It plays discs
of recorded books. journals. and other
reading materials at regular and lower
speeds. With an added attachment, the
machine can be turned on or off by
touching a metal box with an area ofskin.
lhis attachment would be useful for
someone who has mobility difficulties.
According to Polo, the definition of
being visually disabled is being unable to

ALBANY swnlm Puss

 

 

 

with respiratory disabilities want to try to
take care of things on there own. Some
will sit and try to tolerate the smoke. At
the point. their rights are definitely being
infringed upon.“

At SUNYA. there is an SA-funded
group for disable students. University
Action for the Disabled. which is working
in conjunction with the task force this
year.

“There are very few places that are
barrier free." said UAD President
Deborah Hamilton, who is confined to a
wheelchair. “Even here there are
problems. When it snows. it‘s hard to get
around. There are some problems with
the bathroom facilities. the elevators are
hard to reach atid the doors on campus
are narrow and heavy."

Along with aiding the task force and
their weekly meetings. UAI) is currently
working on such projects as informing
hiin school students \\ ho are disabled of
their opportunities at colleges. wheelchair
basketball games and the annual
«\wareness Day. in which non-disabled
students are put into wheelchairs to learn
first-hand ltow it is to get around on
campus.

"Hy ptitting people in wheelchairs."
said Coordinator of Library Services for
the llttndictipped I‘l‘llllk l’o/o. "it creates
it sharing experience and raises their
awareness ol disabled students."

The luck of awareness by non-disabled
people “as generally seen as the major
handicin by the students questioned.

"I’coplc look at someone iii ti
wheelchair." said Mark. “and they say to
themselves. “someday that could be me‘.
Then they want to ptit it ottt ol their

mind." ,

“Jobs are a problem.“ said Roger. "It‘s
a subtle thing. They don't say that they're
not going to hire you because of your
disability. They say things like ‘We‘ve
filled the opening‘ even though they say
that they were impressed by your
credentials. lt‘s beyond coincidence that
the disabled don't get hired.“

One of the topics the task force is
working on is employment opportunities
after college for disable students.-

“It‘s an ignorance problem." said
Stavros Dalambakis. a SUNYA graduate
and who now works at the Nassau
County Medical Center Rehab center.
"Attitudes are set. They have to realize
flint somebody in a wheelchair isthe same
as everyone else in every respect. The only
difference is that they sit down quite a
lot."

Lucicnne Del’onte spent nine months
iii a body cast after it spinal operation.
She is not considered disabled today. but
is a part of UAD because she had a
common problem while iii the body cast.

“When I came to Albany. in that cast I
looked like a girl in a body cast. Many
people would meet me half way. but that
was all. There's nothing you can do.“

Raising the awareness of non-disabled
students is the answer to the many
sterotypcs present. That is one job ofthe
task force. which will have an open
hearing in the Campus Center Ballroom
this Tuesday. One aspect is how disabled
students view non-disabled students.

"Different people react in different
ways." suid Deborah. "It‘s a process of
maturing and accepting one‘s own life."

“For a while there an inferiority trip.“

said Roger. “Sometimes a littl'e’ anger, a
little jealousy.” said Mark. “They had I
good pair of lungs and were not
appreciating what was naturally given to
them."

John Dehler has been conﬁned to a
wheelchair after being involved in an
accident. He related only positive
experiences. “The only thing I was afraid
of was how people would react to me after
the accident. It was no different. It was
great." .

John said that the wheelchair
sometimes has its advantages.

“Sure, when you go to a concert. you're
wheeled down to the ﬁrst row. You get
great seats."

“A bunch of friends of mine and myself
were in Montreal this past summer and
we were all sitting around in this place
getting really wasted. Then the French
speaking guy comes up to me, shakes my
hand and hands the a five dollar bill.
Sometimes it pays off."

The 504 Task Force expects to have its
final self evaluation of the campus by
June. The disabled students‘ civil rights
movement is off to what task force
members feel is an encouraging start. Its
ultimate goals are ambitious. but within
reach. As part of this nation-wide
program, perhaps the day will come when

no student will have to suffer the plight of
the student in the wheelchair who had to
return to his dormitory on that
hypothetical rainy morning. And perhaps
the attitudes of people will change as fast
as the ramps are installed throughout
institutions across this countrywlf that
happens. it will be one handicap‘non-
disabled people would no longer have.

 

 

 

 

read print. Therefore, someone unable to
turn pages would be considered \lsllilll\
handicapped.

"At the moment.“ stated l’o/ii."\w dulll
have anyone (using the special liltllIlL'\
room) with that kind of disability. bin \\t'
are prepared."

The talking book is on lttilll lion. lllt'
Albany Regional Library for the Illtlul
and Visually Handicapped lllL' lilnnii
was set up through the l.ll1l.ll) HI
Congress. Accordittgtol’o/o.ttlinin1.Ill
states have their own regional OIIIL'L‘

The library's purpose is to protidc IICL'
recreational reading material for thou-
that are registered for the .schicc

Often a blind or visually (.llbilhlt‘tl
person will hire a reader to read st‘lttml
textbooks and tape record their coincnh
The two reading rooms adjacent to tilt
Special facilities room are used lni
reading and taping purposes. The ronnh
provide a quiet place for the reader and
student to work while feeling assured thitl
any noise that they might make would not
be disturbing others.

It is not usually necessary for the
visually disabled student to be with lllb in
her reader when taping occurs. However.
according to Pozo, "most students prclct'
when the reader is reading to be prcsclll

 

because they can ask questions of things
they are not sure of. so the tape lits their
needs."

Although sortie students one their own
cassettes. tlte reading rooms are prmtdcd
with special tape players. The cassette
players on loan from the Regional
Library for the Iilind hti\e two speeds.
llic advantages of the speeds is that the
tapes can be played depending on the
user‘s needs. The disadvantage of this
kind of a tape player is that the pitch as
well as the voice speed is increased. When
pitch is increased or lowered too much the
language becomes unintelligible. The
Vitrispeech II (also in the reading room)
has an adaptation to cover this problem.
it has the capability of running at various
speeds without affecting the pitch of the
speaker‘s voice. Ihe slower speeds are
especially convenient for those taking
notes while listening.

A variable speed reel to reel tape
recorder is also available for use. The
advantage of this particular recorder is
that the listener by pressing a button can
provide a beeping sound at any point of
the tape to signify important points or
sections of the reading. This recorder is
not equipped with a pitch controldevice,
but it can be plugged into the varispeech ll

MARC 31. 1978

 

Located In the Speclnl

spoclll lens to blow up 9

so that the user can benefit from the
advantages of both.

According to I’ozo. there are
approximately l00 students that are
registered as disabled on campus. He
however secs only about I2 or l5 of them.
According to Port) there are several

ALBANY BTUDINT PRESS

Facllltlu room of the llbrary Is the Vlsualtek machan whleh uses a
rlnts from 40 to 45 tlmos their normal slu.

reasons for this. First, the Special
Facilities room is geared more to those
with visual disabilities. Also many
students with disabilities do not feel a
need to avail themselves of the services.
Some students work with their readers in
their own rooms and some obtain their

    

     

53
‘5

III/Wm tun-om

taped textbooks through Recordings for
the Blind in New York. a non-proﬁt
organization. The students that do make
use of the room have their own keys
because the doors are always kept locked.
To be eligible for a key. the requester
must be a visuall disabled student.

 

   

 
        

 
 
  
   
 
      
     
    
      
 
  

  
      
       
    
  

  
      
    
      
  
 
      
    
  
  
  
   
  
 
   
    
  
    
  
    
 
  
   
  
   
   
    
  
   
   
   
   
  
 
  
    
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
    
  
   
    
  
   
      
        
      
    

 

   

