~4‘ (2;...

 

 

 

 

1 city  Sports  I .
  _ {sweet Revenge?

 

 

, V by Eddie Bitumen
Wednesday's Albany-Oneonta basketball game was the one everyone was
waiting for. Nine‘ montlis ago Oneonta edged Albany by one point for the

NCAA Division III East crown and a shot ata nationaltitle. Wednesday was

the day for revenge. ’_ r

Albany gottheir revenge with an uneiiciting 66-53 win. But what did the
win really mean? The win didn‘t give the Danes a tournament bid this time. In
fact. right now Oneonta still has a better chance of making the playoffs than
do the Danes“ v

The team which finished with the best record in theSUNY Conference gets
an automatic bid.JAs of today. Potsdam hasn't lost a SUNYACcontest while
winning four. And the schedule is in their favor. Oneonta is now 2—l while
Geneseo is 2-0. 4 ~ .

Where is Albany? The win over Oneonta gave them a 3-2 conference
record. However. both Geneseo and Potsdam have scored victories over
Albany and they would have tolosethree games before'Albany‘would have a
chance. Needless to say. the Danes cannot lose another conference game.

Overall the Danes have five writs and six losses. While you were enjoying
your vacation by sunning yourself in Florida or skiing somewhere in Ver-
mont.the basketball team was busy with a six-game road trip. And along one
at that.

In late December. the Danes travelled to New Concord. Ohio. to compete
iii the Masking—Shrine Tournament. It wasn‘t what one would consider a
sticcessful trip. Albany dropped the opener to Baldwin-Wallace 85-74 and
then lost the consolation game to Oshkosh (that‘s right.there is an Oshkosh)
80-77 in overtime.

One week later. they returned to compete in the Capital District
Tournament, an event which Albany has won eight times. but not this year.
The Danes dropped their second straight overtime game in the ﬁrst round.
thistime an 86-!“ defeat to Union College. The Danes played wellenoughto
win. as they had against Oshkosh. but werejust not able to come up with the
big play late in the game. .

The following day. the tea or ended its live-game losing streak wit h an easy
96-59 win over Marist.

Next in line for Albany was Ithiicii t'ollegc. a team Albany defeated twice
last year. including the opening round of the NCAA playoffs. And for the
third straight time. the Dimes came out on top. (ill-60.

I'hc six-game road trip finally ended on Jan. l4against Potsdam. A \vinat
Potsdam would have given the Danes ii chance as good as anybody‘s for thc
SUN YAC title. llttt like till previous close games this year.thc Danes couldn‘t
come up with the big play and finally succumbed 72—67.

The loss to Potsdam wasn‘t the only bad news for Albany. Just whcnthey
had it healthy teiim. (Stilton Winston returned after recovering from in-
juries). Albatry‘s captain Kevin Kcitnc suffered a broken wrist and will be lost
to the team until the first week iii l'cbrtrnry.

Despite the losing road trip. head coach Doc Saucrs gave nothing but
praise for his team. “I am very proud of this team. Aftcreiich ofthosc losses.
they came (tilt the next day and practiced harder and worked harder. All of
this hard work has got to pay off.“ sand Sauers. who hasn‘t suffered a losing
season in 23 years. lhiit is quite an itccomplishmcnt for arty coach of any
team.

For the rest of the season. the team hiisjirst got to go out itnd win their
remaining games and hope that the teams in front of them. willlosca few.

O t t

It is good to see that there is school spirit here. At the three home games
this season. the fans have come ottt to cheer the Danes on. And the addition
of the pep band has helped to keep up the spirit. However. thctime when the
pup band should be playing is during time outs and intermission and not
when Albany‘s opponents are trying to score. lhcrc is it difference between
school spirit and unsportsmtinliki: conduct.

 

r
(/

“Joan 'rnAvo TA
BEST ACTOR OF THE YEAR.”

Shawn‘s nastiest/171D)
“ wF E VE— RN ‘

‘1

...Catch it

cuts muss NON! MONAWK MALL
NORTHWAV mart BALL‘IOWN ROAD
cocome. cw Moo 6M ,yuki scam to me

 

 

 

’swimers'Pm<:1i.‘ir3t 

i by Mitchell Cltaitin

In its ﬁrst challenging meet of the
season. the AlbanyState men’s swim
team defeated RPI.’62—50.

After a sucCessful intersession
training period in Ft. Lauderdale.
where they beat Fredonia and New
Paltz in a scrimmage. the Danes
upped their season's record to 3-0.

Repeating phenomenal earlier

season ‘ performances. freshman
Steve Rehfuss set two new school
records in the 50 and loo-yard
f reestyles, ‘swimminga 22.5 and 50.2.
respectively. The old school records
were previously held by Rehfuss. He
also swim a 2:26.2 in the ZOO-yard
breaststroke. capturing a second
place for Albany.

Co-Captain Dave Rubin won the

GymnastsHost Tri—Me'et

The Albany State women‘s
gymnastics team will host a tri—rncet
tomorrow against the University of
Vermont and Ithaca College.

Lack of depth is it problem which
faces the Danes presently as some
team members have left the team.
according to head coach Edie
Cobane.

“If the team remains healthy. we
will be close." said Cobane.
Vermont and Ithaca are considered
very strong learns by cortch Cobane.

Albany‘s hopes tomorrow lie in
the hands of four performers.
Captain Carla Landsmrin performs
to score higher in tomorrow‘s meet.

well in all four events with the floor
exercise being her strength. Mary
Ann Caperna also competes in all
events. Corinne Palmu will be the
strength in the beam event while
Cindy Cobane excels on the uneven
parallel bars.

The meet will be set up sothat two
events will be held at the sometimes.
At I pm. the vaulting and uneven
parallel bars eventswill be held while
at 2:30 pm. the floor and balance
events will take place.

The Danes have had one previous
meet this year against Cortland.
Cortland defeated Albany 123. IS to
91.45 and Cobane expects her learn

-~ butterfly

l000-yard freestyle in ll:l2.8. and
then proceeded to place second in
the 200-yard freestyle. swimming in
back~to-_back events. Mike Dwver
camein l.2seconds infront of Rubin
in the latter race and captured ﬁrst
place for Albany in l:58.4. Rubin
also won the 500-yard freestyle in
5:214.

Bob Gonzenbach. Albany‘s third
double winner. won the ZOO-yard
individual medley and the ZOO-yard
in 2:083 and 2104.6.
respectively. Gonzenbiich then came
back from it very short rest to swim
the .500-ynril freestyle. placing
second behind Rubin.

Bill Derknsch swept both divitrg
events. In upcoming meets Artie
Rosenberg. a new addition to this
year‘s team. but a fortncr Albtiny
diver. will provide sortie tough
competition for Derkasch.

Couch Ron White was very
satisfied with the Danes victory.
“This meet was our first real
challenge. I‘m hoping that wiilr all
out depth in most events this yctrr.
we‘ll be able to keep Winning the
tough meets. Potsdam (tomorrow ill
Albany -- 2 pm.) will be our next

real challenge. ‘

 

 

The crowds are already on their stay to the ASP Sportmilm‘ meeting.

Don't miss this important interest meeting
on Sunday, Jan. 29 at 1:30 pm in 60 329

 

 

Just-A-Song
$5.00

 

Mecoy 'I'yner

'l'onlte

Friday, Jan. 11th
9:00 p.m.

Memorial Chapel, Union College

Tickets available at

 

 

 

PAGE EIGHTEEN

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

JANUARY 2'7, 1978

 

 

Royal Sparks 16-Point
Second Half Onslaught

' by Eddie Emerman
The fittest chapter of the Albany
State-Oneonta State basketball

- rivalry took place Wednesday night

lll University Gym. Last year 0ncon~
in beitt Albany during the regular
season (Albany‘s only defeat irt
SUNYAC play) and then again in
the NCAA Division l|I l‘llsl
chionttl Championship by one
point.

The roles changed this time
around its Albany handed the Red
Dragons their first defeat in
SUNYAC play. it (its-53 setback.

the win boosted the Danes‘
record to 5-6 overall and 3-2 in
SUNYAC play. ()ncontii fell to 4-7.
however. the Red Dragons how :i
better rcctrrd against SUNYAt op-
ponents (2-I ).

Wednesday‘s game hits the first
for Alhtrny in nearly two necks. the
liist titiic the Danes took to the court
was against l’otsdiim on Jan. I-l.
Ihirt game. it 72—67 loss. culminated
il six—game road trip \\lllL'll saw the
Danes losc loiir contests.

Albany showed what it t\\o-\\eck
liiyolf can do to a team. throughout

the first half. the Danes looked
sluggish with only moments of
brilliance.

The Dragons had the early upper
hand as they opened up it IO-b lead
mostly on good outside shooting.
Albany quickly came to life its
('iirmclo Verdejo. Ilirrry ('itytinitugh
and Rob (‘ltinc ptit together eight
straight points to take it I4—lil lead
which they held tlrroitghoiit thchtrll.
the closest ()ncontii got wits 10-28
_|llSl before the close of the half. A
liiy-iip by Iliiddy \Vlcklinski gnvc
Albnny ti surprising JZ-ZX htrlltinic
lcitd.

“We weren‘t thinking \cry well."
said Albany‘s head coach Saucts
referring to his team‘s trrst»hiilf pill).
"We were very fortunate to bc tIllL‘iltl
til the hrili."

Albany‘s superior rebounding
llil(l\\t,‘d them to hold the lead. While
()nconto “its shooting tril percent
Irorn the floor. lltc Dtincs were
limiting tltc Dragons to one shot at a
time. (':i\iinnirgh and \‘crdcpr
together hiid more rebounds (1 l) in
the first half than the entire ()neontit
lCltIll.i lit).

UPS/TANYA ANN HARVEY

Guard Buddy Wlekllnekl (24) manages a shot between two Oneonta
players Wednesday night. Wlektlnskl scored 10 points In Dane victory.



Albany forward Staton Winston
night's game against Oneonta. To

[be Ditties meanwhile were only
shooting 46 percent frorn tltc floor
but got off | l more shots thirn
()ncontii.

lhe second half was it different
story. \Vhilc ()ncontir did manage to
take it 34-32 lead on two free throws
by guard Kcn lord and then a 37-35
lead on it trip-in by David llronn. the
next ten minutes belonged to
Aihllll)‘. All Albany. Brown's bucket
nits the last one the Dragons would
get for the next eight rnintttcs. Dur-
ing that stretch. the Danes ran tip to
straight points for it big 5l-37 lcird.

A strong full-court press and
superb play by guard Winston Royal
forced thc Red Dragons to ttirn the
bull over st:\ctl times including one
lot steppingon the cod llllL' while in»
bounding the brill.

Royal. rrrcitnwlrtlc, hit two shots
ltorn the ﬂoor. two free throws. httd
t\\o rebounds. stoic the hirll twice
itllti tltitit'ti :tn iissrst. “Royal did on

outstanding job of running the team
tonight." said Suttcrs.

An alley-oop pltry from ('liinc to
Verdch giivc tltc Danes it 5l—J7 lead
with 6:42 to play before ()neonin
finally broke their scoring drought
with two free throws by Carl Mitbry.

Oneonta gave one last attempt at
catching the Danes. Trailing 58-49.
Oneonta had two good chances to
close the gap further. biit couldn‘t
convert on free throws irnd then
turned the brill over.

With just over one intntitc left to
play. ()trcontii‘s’ .lcss Smith fill it ill—
lootcr to bring the Dragons within
crglrt irt til-53. but Albany ended
()ncontii's hopes its (‘iirirniiugh hit
two I'ottl slitrts their Verde-Jo. \tho
tirtrsltcd its the gittncs‘ leading scorer
with 16 points. scored on a layup.

l'tyc Dirncs hit indotiblc lrgiit'cs Ill
the grime. t‘iiriiitirugli. Royal.
Stiiton Winston IIIlLi \Vlckltirskrciich
Itiid It) points.

r
a

UPS] “Owl! JACOB

(44) follows through after shooting to first hall. of Wednesday
ammates Buddy Wlekllnsltl (24) and Bill Bellamy (22) look on.

For Oneonta. Mabry bad IS
points while Ford htid l2. Mabry led
all rebounders with l4whilc Verdcjo
and Cnvtinaugh each bird cigltt for
Albatry.

"Mttybc this win will ttirn us
around." said it somewhat pleased
Alhitny conch.

l‘he Dunes can ill afford another
loss iii SIINYAC pltiyif'tlrcy wantto
play in post—season competition.
I’otsdiinr is now 4-0 iii conference
pltty and must lose three games for
Albany to have it chance at it tournu-
mcnt bid. Potsdam iiitd Albany first
year tied for the Conference llllt‘
with 9-! records but the Danes were
given the bid because of their victory
o\cr Potsdam.

Home Tomorrow

Albirtry Irosts l‘l’Ctlttillil Sttitc
tomorrow ritght In their sixth
SilNYAt'contcst.(itrnrctitncisbﬂil
p.in. llic .IV prchin begins at (nit)
p.trr.

JV Hoopsters Trounce Oneonta

by Rich Heligson

With only st.\ players. the
()nconta Sititc tuntot \itrsfl)
basketball team came to l‘niycrsrty
(iytn Wednesday night to (rice the
Albany Stateyny‘yccs. lhcit-I I’irps.

Grapplers Look To Improve Mark

by Kerr Kurtl

Iltc Albany State wrestling tenor
looks to improve its l-il record when
they travel to New london. Connec-
ticut for a Quadrangulur against the
University of Massachusetts. U. of
Maine. CW. Post and host Coast
Guard. tomorrow.

Over inlerscssion. the tctirii was
without Steve [ticker (Illtl. llootc
Berger (I20). .Iolttt ('onntiy (M7).
and Keir (iuttrt (lIVYl. and wttlr
their limited group. lost to Williams
by a point. but were defeated
soundly by Potsdam.

The Williams meet went down to
the last match. and Albany's heavy
weight. Ty Quinn. was winning 9-4
at the end of two periods. However.
he was pinned in third period. and

Albany lost the meet.

in three matches. the [Juries httyc
lost by a loud ol loirr points. losing
to Uncontir by two. rind Union illlti
Williams by one CitCll

’l'eani Difﬁculties

lllc teiirn hits had its difficulties
\Hlll botlr personnel and scheduling.
Mei-ts wrtlr Cortland. ('liirkson. St.
John l'tshct. (icncseo. MI I. St,
1 irorcncc and Union have been
cancelled. and only titre of those has
been rescheduled. the
MIT/ Amherst triangular. Feb. 22 at
MIT.

Zuckcr and (intro hinc returned
and are working out with the team.
but Berger hits decrdcd to sit otrt the
year. and Conway has withdrawn
from school.

 

l’iiul llornbiig (I50). ii transfer
from Indiana. is working out with
the learn. but Will be red shtrtcd this
year. Starters for tomorrow‘s
Qiriidrirngulirr are [.uckcr I lit. Mirr-
ty Monrn llo. Mark Dailcy IM.
Mike Miller I42. I‘ctc l’clktntc |5().
Rick l’orter lSli. Ron Avignonc Iti'l.
('hrrs ('oyns .lohrr Iliildwrn |77..ltm
Motrill 190. and Quinn and (intro
wrll split the heavyweight duties.

Massachusetts and Maine arc
Div. 1 opponents. while Post and
(‘otist (illlll'tl are Div. II teams

“I he team has worked oirt hard
during intersessiolt. but all the
cancelled meets have been dis-
heartening. I'll settle for a split of
tomorrow‘s meets." commented
Albany Coach Joe Garcia.

who were in front by as many as 2‘)
points. whipped ()ncontti lib-(r7.

lhc undermnnncd ()neontii
squad. whose preseason roster of ill
dwindled to six due to players
promoted to \arsrty. and other
assorted reasons. were no match for
the taller and rirorc physical Albany
club.

Red Hot Start

Ihe l’iips were red lrot front the
start. Alter 6'5" center and co-
captnrn .linr liitlkcr scored on ii
layup lot the game‘s liist brisket.
Albitny sltot frotii the perimeter
against Oneontn's lone. tllltl were
successful. l’hcrr next eight points
came from there. giving them it til-4
lctid.

()nconta narrowed the advantage
to I0-li. btrt that was the closest they
would get to Albany for the
remainder of the contest.

l’up‘s guard Marty McUraw
scored all ten of his first half points
onjump shots. sparking Albanyto a
41-22 huff-time lciid. Sharp
playmakirrg by the tandem of Erv
Roberson and Lee Gardner was
instrumental iii the onslaught.

Albany outmuscled the Red
Dragon players. giving them it big
rebounding edge. And Oneonta was
troubled by the Pup's pressure zone

defense. forcing out-of—range shots.
lhcsc two factors plus Albany‘s
Grade A shooting were the
difference in the decisive first half.

"()ur outside shooting helped us a
lot." strid l’up's coach llob Lewis.
"We really shot well."

lhc second half was much like the
first in establishing Albany's
superiority. but the Danes were
intent on runnittg more. and this
ilttstcrcd Oneonta to no end. I’wo
consecutive steals by Roberson with
less than l5 minutes left. were
converted into baskets. pttsliirrg the
gap into the 20's.

Albany‘s defense was not as toirgh
in the last ten minutes of the game.
enabling Oneonta to run off seven
straight. after being down by 29. But
It was ircadernic by then. as the Pups
had built a big enough lend.

Lewis complimented the Red
Dragons. “l have to give those guys a
lot of credit. They played like they
were two points behind for thcwbole
game."

Albany bad title players in double
figures. led by Gardner and
Roberson. with l4 and 13 points.
respectively. Forwards Buddy
Bakkcr ar‘l Tony Allison of
Oneonta each had 20 points. to share
the game's scoring beuon.

 

