       

 

if. ._

.by Bruce Cronin t

Students who live off-campus face
probkzms both as tenants and as members of
the Albany community. As tenants we are
victimized by high rents, one-sided leases, and
security deposits that are never returned. As
all tenants with limited amounts of money, we

face the problems of poor code enforcement,
and landlords who refuse to make repairs. '

course, there are many. But a major factor is
the inequality of bargaining position between
tenants and landlords. Given Albany's severe
housing shortage, students have littierecourse
against unsafe or unsanitary conditions.
Either we accept an inequitable "landlord’s
lease," or leave our apartments. As landlords
have often told us, “if you're not satisfed, we
can always rent the apartment to someone
else."

‘ Corrupt and unresponsive politicians also
work against student's efforts to achieve a
comfortable standard of living in Albany.

‘ rent in similiar neighbofhoods (known as'tlie

to rent tostudents. in these areas in particular.
we find poor housing code enforcement, the
effects of anti-student courts. and
enforcement of Albany‘s infamous anti-
grouper law. The Albany government is ruled
by a powerful political machine undertheiron
hand of Mayor Erastus Coming. Corning has
now been mayor of Albany for thirty-eight
years. making his term the longest mayoral
term in American history. Any student who
has dealt with Albanyjudges to ﬁght eviction
procedures, recover security deposits, or sue
for repairs ispainfully aware that these judges

Get your Block Together-

What are the causes of these problems? Of‘

Landlords and politicians know that students 5

"student ghetto") where laitdlords are willing ‘

I

 

are only answerable to Mayor Corning.

To ﬁght these abuses. and, increase our
bargaining position as tenants in the
community, the Albany Student Union, in
conjunction with the Off-Campus
Association, is undertaking an organizing
effort of all off-campus students. We will
begin by targeting two areas of high student
concentration (tentatively upper Hudson
avenue, and upper State St.) and go door-t 0-
door. This door-to-door effort will include
informing students of their rights as tenants
(leases. security deposits, repairs. etc.).
organ=zing the tenants into a block
assoctation. registering students to vote in
Albtm; and just generally talking to students
about their apartments. landlords, and
relationship with the city. .

Ultimately. we hope to make all leases
collectively bargained between student
tenants and their landlords. It is only by
collective action that students can insure that
their rights to safe and low-cost housing are
protected. We also hope to form coalitions

:With'community groups and get anti-machine.
“pro-community, and pro-student Candidates

elected to Albany’s Common Council.
Students can play a major role indefeatingthe
Corning machine.

An organized off—campus student block is
the first step towards increasing our power
both as tenants and as Albany community
members. Volunteers are needed in many
different capacities for this project.

There will be a meeting on Tuesday.
October l7th at 8:30 in the Off-Campus
Lounge. Both on and offcampus students are
welcome. If you have any questions call Bruce
at 449-7096 or 0.C.A. (457-3427).

 

 
     

UUP/NEA

To the Editor: . .
The article in the Sept. 26, I978 issue ofthe

ASP entitled “UUP/NEA: Conflict Still on
Between Unions" contained two errors tn

' . regard to the agency shop fee mandated by the

State for those in the SUNY bargaining unit
who are represented by United Umverstty
Professions. ‘ .

UUP has NOT “announced a reduction in
dues" and has NOT "decided to lower the
percentage to .8 percent" from the present l.0
percent of salary up to a maximum of $250 a

car.

What HAS occurred in regard to the
amount of agency fee is this: at the fall UUP
Delegate Assembly, the Albany delegation
moved that the UUP Finance Committee
prepare for the next Delegate Assembly data
on the “impact of various possible reductions
in dues down to .8 percent of salary. . . with
no maximum" The motion passed.

Evelyn L. Hartman
Executive Director
United University Professions

Wrong Offender

To the Editor:

Some of the letters recently appearing on
this page have alluded to the service-related
problems of the university. Most of them
seem to place all the responsibility on the
administration alone. In our opinion, there
seems to be a flaw in their analysis.

Many of the complaints involve the bus
service; especially the lock of space during
peak hours. it seems that unless the bus driver
literally arranges students on the bus, they feel
no obligation to move-to the back and double
up. We have observed standees refuse to
reduce their personal space to make room for
the lucklcss people waiting to get on. Our bus
drivers are very concerned and helpful and do
try to get everyone on. it is also unfair to
bcrtttc the bus driver for not stopping at an
undesignatcd stop on a Wellington run. it is
ironic that the students, for whom the service
is providcd, do not show one-half the
cooperation as the drivers do.

Another source ofcomplaints has been the
untidy condition of the campus, and State
Qund in particular. The blame usually goes to
the administration for not keeping the campus
cicnncr. But it is not the administration that
inhabits and destroys State Quad, and itis not
them who fling beer cups and garbage around
the Podium.

 

 

 

._ Me...» n- C. t...”

viewpoint . .

 

   

in conclusion, the letters that have
previously appeared have misunderstood
these problems and have expected solutions
from those who are not responsible forthem,
These problems are a reflection of a wider one:
the attitude of some students that “Others
exist for the task ofserving me." This master.
slave attitude must yield to fairness,
cooperation and respect for others if the
problems of this university are to be solved
Name Withheld

Alarming Situation

To the Editor:

This is an open letter to all the imbccilcs
who set off false alarms. especially the one in
Colonial tower Sunday morning at 4: lo.
Dear imbecile.

Thank you so much for setting oil the
alarm. ifyou hadn‘t l, and others. would have
simply stayed in bed rather than happin
romping around in the cold with just enough
clothes on to keep us on the right side of
decency. it was a thoroughly enjoyable
experience. ll especially liked wulchittgtltclitst
stages of pneumonia setting in among my
fellow tower residents.

The part. however, that Was rcully lunny
about your littlejoke was how you cndungcrcd
cvcryone‘s lives. With the number ol l:tl.\c
alarms being set off, everyone tissumcd ltttd
correctly 50. that it was still another cr) ol,
"wolf." Therefore, time was taken in getting
out of bed or leaving a suite in which there “ltS
at party. Others tried to find places to hide
from the R.A.‘s. Wouldn‘t it have been a panic
if there had been a real fire and people illtti
died of smoke inhalation or burned because
they moved too slowly? Deuth always hit-sits
up the monotony ofan early Sunday moi mng.
You obviously have the mental Cllpllt'iH ol u
chocolate eciair (or maybe a small ﬁllilptii'»ilili
that was your way of celebrating the Ynntcu‘s
victory, drunk or not.

My only hope is that i see you scttitigolt the
alarm one night. l‘d inform .ludicittl littltttl.
the campus and local police only bet-tinsel
feel everyone should know what u “tun-guy"
you are. in fact, if you see this letter. lliL‘ith
step forward to receive the recognition you
deserve.

SUNYA is certainly lucky to ham- plililL‘iltih
like you running around [nose to brighten our
httmdrum nights. Thanks again lot :1 grunt
time.

Him-cluly.

Lloyd (' liishop

Central Council chmcnlntit'c
Colonial ()llttd

 

 

 

    

9g;

 

6!” ' vat) MAY A37 How CAL)
A
0 T
it 355m 0553; 57%” “5450”
Was FORW,‘ R9006

V WS- 065 IN A MINOR: 1
L L I 50W .
mimic steam W W

CLAI
\ TU 65 . (5445,

WAR! 1'“

FRAI DP
“#545125 .I

 

     
   

ﬁlth LEOQUIET, Lib,
apt/5 A

 

 

lett 

 

 

 

        
  
    

’ @LMIE WIRE/MK
Shrine swan
C©IRKSCREW

©HAN‘F C©AS1TEIR
WMHRLWHNED
@HAN‘F DHPPER
EP=WME=LP
MYSTHC SCREW
DillElL‘H'IER SKELTER

Coastermontol
FWUNDERMT

SPACE R©CKEF
@[IRCILIE ©F [DDEATFIH]
See Centerfold
 . SPACE MCQUN‘FAHN
SPHH. annotate
DR©P=FWE=®HP
CANNCDDNLMILL

TEETER @@ASTFER
FlHllE @ﬂ@ @HE‘DPER

 

 

Frank Zappa
hold a pancake
breakfast at
the Palace.

See page 30

 

Commander Cody
lost his Planet

airmen, but still
found the forts.

See Page 3o

 

 

 

