 

An EverVIIian I Knew

by Till Ledw‘nh

My friend Jimmy left the mllowed halls of
SUNYA last year. When he left he was
carrying a diploma and a lot of academic
honors. with just the hint of an ulcer twinging
in the pit of his stomach sometimes while he
lay awake late at night.

The last time I met up with him was last
spring. two weeks before he was to graduate. It
was late ona hot Thursday night at a bar when
the air had gotten thick with smoke and noise.
Jimmy was sitting at the far end ol the bar
right under the big TV screen that ﬂashed
Johnny Carson in alarmingly inaccurate
color. inaudible for the loud hum of the
crowd. lhe l\"s purplish colors danced
across Jimmy's lace as he stated into the
screen and tried hard to look interested in the
show he could not hear. He was alone.

I made my way across the room to buy a
beer and say hello. “What's upJamcs‘!"l made
a linal push through the mohot drunk people.

“Is eyes were Iixed on the flashing screen.
He was sipping what looked through the hale
like a Jack Daniels. and he took shon.
lrequent drags on a cigarette I had neier
belorc seen Jimmy smoke "Jinimy'" louder
this time.

He turned around. but \cry slowly. and
when he lirially laced me his eyes were wide.
searching mine. He sipped his drink. not
saying anything and looking desperate. lhcn
Jimmy spoke. "I got lour linals next week and
there‘s no way I can get the work done lot
them [don‘t know what the hcll to do rnan,l
hate this shit." He was iottcn drunk and the
words slurred togethci

i didn't know what to say. and ilidii't thiiil.
hc expected an answer anyway, I got a beer
and took a long sip. lookingawiiy tioin 11mm)
and into the sea ol laces. inalcand lcmiile. dru
and hall drunk. that blurred together "I the
smoky atmosphere ol the place "ion don't
understand." Jimmy was saying. "I hate llltills
next week."

l turned back to him. and lot a long inoiiictit
his watery eyes rtlcl niinc once iii-inn lllL‘tl lll\
gii/e tell past his shrunken Cigarette and into

my half ﬁnished beer, which I ﬁnished off in
one swallow. I lied about feeling like a game of
pinball and pushed my way back through the

crowd. _ ,

A few minutes later I saw Jimmy going out
the door and into the hot night air. For a
second I felt like rushing after him and telling
him things would work out and how great it
would be to get out ol school in two weeks and
Jimmy. you have your w hole Iile ahead of you.
But ldidn‘t. A lot ot us know lhtisclhlngs are
all lies. and Jimmy was too much like a lot ol
us to belieie them.

He is a person who. like a lot oi Us. has been
liiing too long in a world that lies to him with
its texts and graphs and statistics. ideas that lit
together so neatly. like the pieces in a jigsaw
punle. On that night two weeks below his
graduation. Jimmy was iilraid in that world
because it demanded too much And he was
altaid ol leaiing it because the world outside
would demand too lllllL’ Iliudgery. he
expected. until the day when there would be
enough money to make it :ill worthwhile

Like a lot ol us he will always tliiiil. about
that day. Hc‘ll think about it while lieslitiillcs
papers and stulls cnicliipcs. while he makes
loic to his wile. and while he's sitting stone
drunk with his best lrictid iti it loud \lanhiittan
bar on some tar oll Saturday night

And maybe it will conic \Hicii they giic
him it gold watch and shake his hand. saying
.limmy these years liiiyc bccii giciil and
meaning it All at once he‘ll IL'iIlI/L’ how much
he lines his timid} and taliics llts tiictitls and
how well he has done lliit when the
celebration is oicr. he‘ll stand at the window
watching the frantic rush hour tiiillic its ll
passes on the sllt‘Cl tin hciint..iiiil he “I” let]
alone

When l liiiiilly lcll the bio on that Iliuisdiiy
night last spring ll was \ciy late and l was
drunk. ()pprcssiie liciit hung tI\L'l the May
iiiglit ‘ttl ii Iorehoditig ol lllt‘ siiiiiiiici to come.
and it made the walk home .iii cltoit. lhc
sound iii a tin oil such plL‘lL'L’tl lltL' night. then
tiidcd away Soiiiciihcic. Jimmy \\.is lying
awake in the dark listening to the my stciiotis
ltlL‘llI sounds and thinking about hls ling

 

 

 

 

I EOTOA MRI TAUC
6V usrais. I
s/rar.

.@

 

 

 

OWL T 7
WW? 60(th 

/
g
I PUTW u
H0 F's.”

l(OlJlEtmt
/

(gag

 

 

 

 

 

 

Quiet Please

To the Editor

I am tired of being accosted by wild eyed
radicals who wave newspapers in my face and
extol the virtues of their off the wall political
philosophies. I do believe that our campus
should be a nlace of sharing all. kinds_ol
political and philosophical ideologies.
However. being accosted by raving
proponents of fringe political groups is not
quite the open forum atmosphere I have in
mind. Why don't these people either tone it
down or go somewhere else'.’
lloh Wtilliich

Supports Krupsak

'lo the Editor:

As students. we lune stillercd callous
cutbacks and lUIllUll hikes at the end of
the (are) administration. ll we are eyer to gain
the power we need todclcnd otit education. we
haictogct iniolicd in thc piiliticiilsysteiit. We
liiiie lo \otciindclcct peopleioollicewhowill
respond to our itcds

()ne candidate who has made a clear and
positiic stand on student lsstlcs is lieutenant
(ioierniir Mary Anne Krupsak. who is
currently opposing (iiiieinin (are) in the
Democratic primary [or (ioicrnor. Ms.
Krupsak has made it clear that she. il clcclcd.
will be :i lriend to the students ot New York
State. Slit: has stated. ltit example. that it she is
elected (imcrnor. she will inii\c lot‘ an
immediate repeal oi the llcaltli l'cc lcyicd on
St NY students last year. and will try to placen
cup on Sl‘Ni ttiitioii. Ms. Krupsak I\
commitch to working tor legislation to place
a Community (‘ollege Student on the Sl'Nl
Board of lrustces. and to grant lull \oing
rights tocurrent stiidcnt trustees and members
of College ('ouncils. As an original .siippoi‘tci
ol the liol’ program. Ms. Krupsak plcdgcs
to study and lund the program at an adequate
leicl.

Mary i\nne Krupsak also understands the

variety of problems which part-ii"M
face. and supports legislation to inchr
time students in the state‘s Tuition A“ .
Program (TAP). She. further. has
strong executive leadership in
legislation which will give studentsi
voting rights as all New Yorkers. p,
ttiem from being disqualiﬁed from
their college communities because 0|
requirements. .

Ms. Krupsak further helicii
"apartheid in Somh Alricii i3 4, K,
violation of human rights.“ As it mcmh"
Boston University Board ol lruslecg
been working to divest that insii
ﬁnancial ties to South Airicii. \tithst
well as all other state agenctcs. \hL' iiil
a policy of complete diiestiturc till
with involvement in South Mm...

Clearly. Mary Anne Krupsak t\|llll
what statewide students llL‘L'tl trot
government. Alter
attention in Albany. we. its alum“.
rallyaround Ms. Krupsak. liiill‘»UlL‘ll’l
voices will ﬁnally be heard \iiiiiiiu. ’
greater service lor the \illiik‘llls .ii \:
State than to call on mum to inn-i
Anne Krupsak in the ])Cllll=\l.tllt l’i.
September [2.

)L'ills ol ma.

‘Vlt‘lillcn
\ \\l l

ASP Rapped

To the Editor:

lrcalile it is hard to iittinl the it
they put out an issue. but 1 tliii.‘i we.
go. Consider this your ltiitlsc \MIItll.‘

If the ASP is run this year with:
was last year. we can expect .i ii. .i this,
we can expect it to be run li- it‘d: .
used for their own [MANN 4. ha I
purposes. We can also espii' lliLll.
out news stories about tuition/atria.
they personally oppose (that i~ inn-v
actiyist groups). l\p:\' tin.
administration slant to .itllltl‘illf
CUlllanL‘ltl\\'l’llcllc“shltlll.
iidiiiinistration's attitudes

()1 course. the ,‘lsl’ctlllii‘
cry "l’recdoni ol‘thc l’rcss
critici/cs them. We ccitainl
to be any more responsiu
they have been. As the

.yillkll“

 

 

r-——-—s
LFEIFFER

“.4-

 

.#

 

 

___.——

 

3'2 7 amiable

An? I FEEL was

 

 

