:. trot». rwheknr'é

._\,

E‘ . —guestopinion-S;  

A Traumatic Experience

by Sharon Chinnery

0n the evening of April l5. l978. my guests
and l (my sister and a friend; female) were
involved in a very. frightening and traumatic
experience iii a highly patronized Chinese
restaurant in the'area. 'l'hc restaurtrnt. l’eking
Restaurant. located at l094 Madison Avenue
(next to the downtown dormitories) has been
known in the past to be subtlety racist in their
actions on numerous occasions. At tintes.
racism was obvioust present and at others it
was known to behiddentmoresubtlethat is).

My sister rind nty friend. being pressed for

time and at the same time httving the taste for
Chinese food. entered tlte restaurant trrtd were
sittcd in the rear. The waiter dame by. "tossed"
the menus dowrt and left. 'l rying to ignore his
igrtorance of restaurant courtesy. we
proceeded to order tittr loud.

lhe dilcmna started when mysistet ordered
s'allops iii garlic sauce rind lotttid to her
dismay. a strange taste to the dish lieirrg leery
of the dangers of seafood poisoning, shc
sumiironed the waiteratid reported the strattgc
taste to him. He ittntrediatcly grew very
indignant. Raisitrg his voice. he said, “Don't
tell itie. tell the manager!"

Although the manager heard the waiter, she
took her tinre iii cotnitig over to exariiinc the
situation. When she litrally arrived at our
table. tiiy sister proceeded to explain once
again. that there was a strange taste iii the
scallops. instead ol apologizing for the
inconvicncc and asking nty sister ifslre desired
another dish. she cottttrrarrdcd. “you oder. you
payl. yoit no like it here. yott no come!" My
sister then replied. "No. I won't pay tor lood 'l
do not intend to eat. lhe food has a strange
taste to it aitd I'm not eating it." lhe woman
started getting very loud and very insistent.
"You no pay. wc ltold you!" She CXL‘ltliltlL‘ti.
Just their I said, "()K. it you 1ch that way
about it, then go get the police- llret‘e'sa police
station right across the street." My statement
was ignored. the only rcsetttblance to an
answer that I received was the picture at her
back as she walked away.

When my friend and | linishcd eating (my
sister didn‘t eat) we ligured ortt the total
amount ol’the bill (plus tax) minus the scallops
and proceeded to the lrottt ol the restaurant
where I handed overSllllO and change to the
manager. One by one. with my friend leading
the way, we started walking otrt.

’ When we got outside. we noticed that my
sister was not behind its. We walked back ittto

Peking Restaurant. there we found the

manager and her sort physically restraining-

lier while my sister was tellingtltent to let go of
her. '
Meanwhile. more men (employees) joined

iii to help restrain my sister. After about thirty

seconds. we fintrlly got my sister free tirtd we

started to run ottt of l’eking Restaurant. As we

were running ottt, soritconc grabbed tire and I

dropped my purse in the doorway l lrad just
started kicking my pttrse ottt ol‘tlre doorway to
my sister when the older ('liitiesc titan grabbed
the shoulder of my coat. The next tliitig l
knew. i h and a lottd R-R-R-l-l«l-l’-l’-l’ and
the titttri and i started lighting. Shortly after
that. somehow or trtiotlret (quite
miraculously) l was freed. ‘
After i calmed down sotiiewltat. l ltccarrte
ltlrititls‘. l tlten exclaimed that l was goittg to
press charges arid tity sister said. “I agree.
especially lor your coat." lictore she said that.
l tltorrgltt the loud rip l lttrd heard iii the
restaurant had been the lirtirig inside my coat;
bill it ittrncd out that when the man grabbed
tity shoulder. he had ripped my coat from the
shoulder dowrt to the ltcnrlitrel

l tint still lttriorts and outraged regarding
this entire episode. it has affected my life in a
very negative manner and bectttrse of it I have
stillered trotri titerrtal anguish becatrse of its

ary occurrence. lliis experience has
caused a perrrtaitenl scar iti our minds irtid
because ol it I experience paranoia when l
have to walk by l'ekitig Restaurant iti orderto
go to the netghborhood siipermarket.

I feel that had we been of another race. such
trilrrinirtne treatment would ittit have been
iiillictcrl ttpoii us. l'ttrthcr'ntore. I don‘t believe
ilirs situation would have presented itself it We
lttrd had a male with as.

I do not believe that l’ekiiig Restaurant
sltottltl be patronilcd by the members ol the
SUNYA conimiltrity.

l demand ttri apology and ti reimbursement
tor the damages doric to my persottal property
(my coat).

()ttr lttttnan rights were violated by this
restaurant and to support it by ptrtroniring it,
will be morally arid ethically wrotrg. After all.
it they did this to tire arid mine. who's to stry
they won't do it to you rind yours?!

l‘urtltcrmore. it the tttartagcrncnt of the
l'ekttig Restaurant feels tree to disrespect and
physically abuse its customers whenever they

' fit, then I don't feel they should be given a
lrcertse to operate sttcli art cstablishittettt.

 

 

Mr W
5M7
In? HAD M)
(NAPPEASABw’
“trident;

— k
A 6/69 AUD

 

M‘K Soto
5N0 L

0 T 0F \
lDSECUEJW.

 

 

FElFFER

 

administrators

To the Editor:

Acting President ()‘lcat‘y becomes
president, Acttrig Vice President for Academic
Allait's becomes Vl’. Acting President for
Managetnertt and Planning llat'tigatt becomes
Vl’. Acting Dean ol Social aiitl Behavioral
Sciences Robert Kendall becomes “can.
Additional actiiigdearts of Social Well’arcand
Nursing become deans. ()tltcrs move tip to fill
new vacancies.

in the pragmatics ol
selections, posittoits ntrtst be lillcd qrrickly atid
witlr corripetertt persons. I remain
disappointed tlittt at S“ Ni A. thesc selections
all too ottcit becotttc pcttnattciit appointees.

administrative

An energetic arid cllccient leadership may
lirrd strengths within its owir close ratiks. It
may also litttl them tlttotlgli new vicws,
altitudes. aritl blood, til it conintittitrcnt to
outside selections. l liclicv- a major problem
at SllNl’A is administrative tricdiocrity. a
result rtl an entrenched bureaucracy.
icplcntishirtg itself with lew challenges frorn a
groitp that has been working with itsell for
years.

the sclectioir ol ()‘l.ettry may lie wise upon
considerations ol the man‘s qualities versus
other candidates‘. it remains syniptoinaticol a
bureaucratic ill ol stagnation at SUN YA.

l‘lllgcl'ttitl ||. lltompsotr

minority
coverage

To the Editor:

My lirst year at Albany has been a
disenchanting oirc. Wlier'as, other schools
rind ttnivcrsittcs have included articles
concerning lltird World Studetrt activities iti
their school newspapers. the .Al-S‘l‘did trot give
any coverage ol latttr arid “lack Week
activities. Examples of sortie of tire activities
that should ltave been covered include the

furry Harlow. ('hic. l’hyllis llytirart and
l’lraroah Sanders Concerts. as well as the

numerous cultural events tcllcclingl
Black America. ‘
An article presented on April 7i" lh. 4-
stated that “the musical ittlttttll til it]:
stattott. . .comcsastr rcsltllttitttt:t\t'ii1lluV
stttdy of the rteed~ ttird (it'sllcs rll “mimiim
audience.“ lhis “mt-thud ol titttlrk"Illrlg
questionable. as the iilslttltttt' [ltrpltlntin [
obviously excluded. Iln "\nlxtr." Ittthitini
llrspanic people cart orrlr ltt‘ llt’illti on \lllltirii
on an Amsterdam itrtlro \l.tl|irtt Magnum.X
is also excluded from \\t tilt it... Mm...“
radio station. ‘
llie two illCitiCllls .tlotr urr Ittttrrrol
reflective ol lllslllttltottniI/t‘d t.t.t\nr ..
tnetttiottcd iti art :ttllt'h' rrt rlrr t\/'.m ugly.
.ll. On one hand. it is the .rrrnrm. “hm.
dicision to ignore posrtoc r‘-r‘llls lot iillld
World people. arid on thv other. ll nth.-
assumption tracist or l‘tirotr Itlllt ttlrtitrtltrro
are. qualrltetl to lodge wltni |.rtnt nr lll..,t
acirvuies are "wortln" at in tilt tantrum...
tltc other channels of conrrrtrtrrirntrntr

itllnaM

ill

tilt

|ort.tttrr l'rro

treatment
complaint

in the Editor:

We would like rtrrlrtrw t to ,.trtcrrttnirtntlrr
inconsistent treatrticrtt to SI \l \'~rnltrrrt.rrr
iii the area ol wontcrr's hmltlr tart

in particular. we would air to roirrphttr
about an examination trim. hr in lrtrt-i
('ermak lor treatment ot .t \.ii‘ttr.ri tltlt‘tllttll r\
pcrsottal hygiene L'-\ttllllll.llttrt. ‘krllt lr rrnlittlo
a pap smear. is :r drllrtrilt '.ttrtt|t.lllollitrl
tttttriy young wotrteir ltrv ttt.tlttlt,ttl tn Ill
('crrriak was riritttin ll.l| .lr ir-rltt trlttslttliijitttld
emotionally. Sltc dttl lltrl rtltidill lilt'
procedure or allow Ior .oo | -|'l.itt.rlltlll.tllt't
tlte csatiiittation. Ilic tltltllrl .rtm .rrsltrrrg-tl
the personal hygicnc ot it“ pttrcitt lltr‘
attitude of Ur. (ctrnnl ‘.\.r~ tctttnrtlt
rtttjristilicd.

Arty rttcdieal doctor sitttttltii -t.ttrlrslr.tgrtrtl
reltrtiorrsliip with a pattern to..tlon lot tin-cirr-
ol'Ihe cxritrtitttttion, Sht- qrtoiol.ttmortrtalrito
iii the ittlected areas which t'lr'dllt .rlntlttr‘tllllt‘
ptrtictrt.

While this csanttttattotr was l.|i.llll' plno‘ a
friend of the tll)tt\c'tttt'llllult‘.‘tl allot!
received an examination ol iilt' critic l\]tt' lirr
examining doctor was \t‘t\ trillllt'tllh and

W

 

 

 

so I
ATE
MM.
/

Mr Wch
SAID r

mtgiiusrggi \
tor/60,

“sick: suxér! 4-1

9.’ -

 

concerned about the patient. He explained the

' procedure clearly before the examination and

reassured tlte patient. After the examination.
ltc explained his findings and asked if there
were any questions. This patient left reassured
arid felt the infirmary gave competent health

‘ctrre, wltile the lirst patient felt ititirtiidatcd

and was eniotiotially upset about the health
care.
Such iricirtsistencies in the SUNYA
tttlit'inary should not go unnoticed. We lccl
that it should be a task lor the iicw ollicer'.s ol
SA to ttrkc actiotis against strclt conditions.
lhrs is only one individttal iiteident. bttt we
leel it is one too titany. We urge any women
who have had similar experiences to make
complaints to .lattct Hood. director til

administration ol student health serticcs.
Name Withheld

student
checks

lo the Editor:

lltts is to bring to the attention ol Sl ‘Nl A
students the dtscrittrittatiotr betttg practiced
against its! i.'tsl week | wettt titto tltc’tirtttul
l‘nton at Stuyvesant I’la/a to purchase some
ttcttts. Since i did itot lra any money on
hand. atrtl my hank was closed. it was my
intention to use my checkingaecotttrt, llccatrse
checks have to be approved belore you bitythc
goods. I showed the (irand Union ettrploycc
Ill) driver's license and strident Ll). llpotr
e\atniititig these two lornis ol itlcntificatioti.
slrc inlorntcd rite that (irand llnion does not
accept “student” cltecks because students tire
trot iocal residents (even though my
bank. Mechanics lirtcltange. is right It] the
pill/it.)

| rcali/e that relailors are
constttnct's tl service by accepting checks. httt
ltow cart they randomly choose to wlrotn they
grant this privilege?

(irand Union does itot scent to vttlttc the
business SthYA students give it! Where
would SUNYA students be it nllstorcs carried
on this practice? I appeal to trll patrons ot
(itartd Union to think seriously about this
discriminatory practice arid dcctdc wltct her or
ttttl to give their business to them.

l’tttt llasloid

ollcttrtg

class
screwed

To the Editor:

Well. somehow it seems \ety appropriate:

the (loss ol 197K gets scrcwcd once again.

It wasn't bad enough that functions llt out
last two years at Sth A were curtailed
because ol a class ptcstdcnt‘s rltsltorrcsty. lhis
latcst problem really has trotlrittg at all to do

wtth money.

(itadrtaiiott l‘)7b at Albany. guest speaker
llttt'old (iottld. Not that Mr. (ioulrl is tr lind
actor. . but he‘s an actor. His only coitttttotr
ground with the lilrltillitllllt! class is tlrai he
attended Albany's Ncw \ot k Slate l 'ollcgc tor

it‘tlcitcts.

those responsible lot (iottlrl‘s engagement
notable speakers wcrc
unavailable. Walter Mondale can't make it. so

stl)‘ tlritt more

let's get llitrold (iotrltl.

To the Editor:

grievance L‘UllL‘ 'ning the Universities actions
this past weekend. It has cottie to my
nttetitioti. ttrid to that ol trtatty others. that

closed
campus

I am writitrg tor the pirrposc ol stating it

\arrorts Unit‘et‘sity facilities closed earlier this
weekend than as Usual. tittd the early closings
were not a previously scheduled c\cttt. Matty
students. myscll ittclttdctl. that chose not logo
ltotrrc tlrts weekend experienced decreased
lilli\Cthll_\‘ service, and that included ctrrly
Musings of ('amptts (‘ctttcr lacilttics arid ol the
library.

Ilic cscuse that "business" was low is not a
\ttlttl tcason lor thcsc closings lot several
reasons. llrc ntanr one would lie that ttttlikea
department stot‘t' or supermarket. the titttiti
obit-cine ol tltc Rat. Mottscttap. | rbtaty. and
all other lacthttcs is to scrte the students. not
make a ptoltt. ||tcre were atriplc students on
campus to keep all ol these places Irotn being
arrywhctc treat dcscrtcd. trtrrl their closing
rlrsappointcd man) who stayed here lor the
weckctitl .rnd touirtl llrcrnscltcs with no placc
to go.

| tirgc thc lltll\clsll) to takc a more
responsible trtlttttdc towards serving the
studcnt bod) lnttly and adequately.

Michael (i. l‘anriglictti

party
people

To the l‘lrlitor:

As President ot lhttclr lower Steering
('otmctl. l attt gtvctt many responsibilities.
()nc ol these is the orgatti/ation til all parties
that |S(' sponsors dttritig the year.
lradtttottally. Iltc ritulti-lloor party has bcctt
the biggest tower party ol the year, l'ltanks to
tire support ol rtty lcllow students tltttt
tradition has oticc again bccn corrtittttcd this
year.

As Mr. (ilceson stated in his letter. it is very
dillicttlt to estimate ltow much alcohol to ltavc
on ltatrd. As a matter ol fact. with its $500.00
burlch lot this party. 'ISC purchased triorc
beer and liquor than it has lot the last two
rnttltr»llooI parties. I would also like to trtake
clctti attotltcr tact. llecr and vodka do ttot
make a party good. I heard tltc sound iii an
at l2:.l‘/ tl.lll. and the lirst

crrrpty tap
midnight.

seicwdtucr was poured about
However. people remiriticd till l:45 l|.m.
dancing. talking attd placing bets itt our
casino. llrc idca ol a inulti»lloor party is to
hate more to do than inst dtirtk. lhis was
clcatly cvitlcttcctl it) tlrc 200 people orso that
tcntarttctl at the party alter the ltqttor ran out.
lhcv told me they had it great time.

It. is trttc that at |.‘:,l0 Mt (ilccsou drd
approach trtc and ask about gcttrngsontc inotc
bct't. |\vo points arc iitatlc Itcic. lo go tl\t.'l
Iltc t.rt. ptt'k up a keg or two (it they're even
arirtlahlcl would teqturc at least an ltottt.
Scrotrrll). a party cart not go on mail when
"\ott" want it tocnd. Wcatc tllrtict constraints
ol tltc rcsitlcttcc stall. scr'uitty and clean up.
\r-s. clean up. It was requested that all people
it ho wot kcd at the party stay to liclpclcatr up.
Where was Mr, (ilecsoitat 'llltn the morning
when myself. three RA‘s and a few others
helped to clean up. Wltcic was hrs concern lot
his fellow students.

The President . . .

Vincent O‘leary ltas been recommended by the Presidential Search Committee to

remain in the SU N Y A president-'5 ot'l'icc permanently. In his year as Acting President.

()‘lcary has met with favorable reactions from students and faculty members. His style

has been one at frankness and accessibility. unlike the cold and distant demeanor ofhis

predecessor. limmett Helds. Since lie took over from l‘ields last summer, O‘Lcary has

helped SUN YA obtain rorrghly twice as muclt grant money as last year. Followingthe
loss ol the L'hemistry l‘h.l) last fall. lte set up a review committee which is currently
ttrkitiga hard look at allot SUN Y A‘s doctoral programs. trying to determine whetltcr
they are tip to State litillcillltill Dept. standards.

(in student related issues, lte has returned a questionable withdrawal policy to the
University Senate at request of students and sped up the process of converting
Mohawk lower ollices into dornts lor increased tin-campus housing.

the task belore Vince t)‘l.eary, tliotrgli, is not art easy one. provided lie is approved
by the 5th Y Board ol trustees. 5th YA has undergone some very rough times in
the ptrst lcw years and it Will take strong leadership to help boost this university's
prestige and morale. Some ttirplcasattt decisions might ltave to be made in order to
achieve this decisions conccrnttig administrators as well as academic departments.
()‘I envy riiiglit very well I)“ able to provide the kind of leadership that is needed here.
Ilcrc's wishing Vince ()‘lcary the best ol ltrck as he pursues the task before hint as

SUNYA l’resitlcnt.

. . . And The Process

that task. however. would be much easier ltad tltc Scarclt Committee opened up the

proceedings to the pttbltc. lhcrc are rttatty people who will be skeptical about the

process by wlrtclt ()‘Lcar'y was chosen. and this skcpticisiti will not help his

ellecltvencss as president. lhe proceedings were conducted with the utmost attention

ptrrd to secrecy. l‘ttttl' other ‘lltltiltitllCS were struck into campus for interviews by the

Search ('oiirttrittce. i1\t.'ll when it was decided by the coiittttittce that ()‘l.eary was the

choice. there was no lorum lor hint to be ptrblicly questioned about ltis visions for
sum A‘s illlllt'c. As ltmtitctt l'tcltls‘ choice for Acting President last year. ()‘l.eary has

never had to undergo such questioning.

there will be sotitc people who will attribute ()‘lcai‘y's being given the job to the
ellorts ol l‘ields and Search L'ominittce Chair J. Vanderbilt Strauh. who has a high
regard lor l‘ields. lher'c wtll ltc sortie people who will sttggets that U‘Lcary was the
choice all along. and that the other candidates were never really in the running. 'l'hcse
may be unlair statements. btrt the only way they could have been quashed would ltave
been art open process which showed its the other cattdidates‘ views as well as ()‘Leary‘s.
As it stands. the SUNYA community knows nothing about the quality of the other
candidates or how (Henry was lirtally chosen.

llic lact that SUNYA was kept in the dark only serves to raise suspicion and
skepticism about a man who doesn‘t deserve either and maketltcdillicultjob before
turn that tnrrch tougher.

 

'l‘nortus MAirti.t.t.o. lirlrtnrarr-C

.IttNAIllAN llonttis. Managing If

..............MArtrtt:\v('trs
.ltt.r iiAlIl'lt. “IrNthl: I.I;Nt‘l. ArtoN Srsrt‘tit

. , . . .litrttn lil;ttt.l.h(iN. LAIIRH: ‘stttnn
Ilinrs‘ts Sr lllr\'l-tt. (i. t'trsr'At. ZAr'ir/rrtv

. . . . . .th‘lt Stimson
.|’.\irr. SI‘IIWAR'I/

. . . .JttN l.AltA\’l:ltl-.

Ntws iritrort . . . . . . .
ASSIICIAH NI “‘5 lllllttltb
ASP“ lb Hilllillk . . . , . .

Associtii AP” is tnrrorrs
Scouts titiioti . . . . . .

Assor tAlt sr-orrts intioit
EDIIURIAI i-Iutts inrioir

stAtt thtlttl‘rt Al llrrca. Stctc lltttckctt. I'tiliIL' l‘tiicitntirt. Mike l't'ied. Ken Kurt]. M..l.

Mcinmott. .lett'v Mtktitc ‘r. Stctc ()stci. Mike l’etttlmati. J M. Reilly. l)oti Rossi. David Spiro.

ted crn At' sumottrs ‘Ilctr Matstlcti. .lcs. Sclrcret . Athle: laurre (tinsel l'MHI-l“

i-Attt: llildv llrand Ntws AsslhlANl': Laura Selirarth Minoan. Sandy Robinson Ntws tniiort

' tttritrttns: lltyatt lloI/betg

"MAN ('Atttil. tilt-ranting rtIungr-t

. . St-ts't‘t Rr\(iltltl

. WM lllt ltitttrMAs

.('.\tttit ('ttTItss

l.t i.t:N FIN:

lltrsiNtss tootttitMroti
llt‘siNiss MANAtJtt
Ilttitrst. ltll'AltHIINI
l‘Avntiir MAMtatt . . . , . . . . . .
\AIIN i-ritsoNMt: Mrkr- Aidan. thlnc Mcttrtelstetn tiasstititi AttvtuttstNt.: Steve Mauir
ttt\|l’0§|lll)h1/\Itt\ Sotris AlttOMI‘USIIIUNCIIUIIUI‘Itlllill. lscll) lstta. ltelilite kopl.| tI Kwnsni .
Stcpliante .‘a'ltctitia'n unit it | tsn Applcirttttltt. Mark llttltht atrl. Michelle Mricktcll
.limrsi .lltv. l‘rorltrr-Itotr .llrrmrgr-I
Mir II\Il (iititos. 'ittltllllll l’tot/tttltrtrt .llrtrrrtgr'I
.lom \VtLNtir
. . . . Ru K\ll.lt llt.ttii
, . . . l).\\t Kat'tow..ltrr ltvlTAN
t-Astt-i i-: l oiiartic llt l'rciro. ltwlr l'ltll/il. Allrsort l'lotch. . 'tllt Sobel.  attrtc Stttdwcllblchtve
M'tiitlt‘it Maureen Winters tvt'lsts: ('lititt Kucblet. Irtllttlc lesko. Loraine l tbcrntore. irtse
Mason. I>t.rrttt (hut-r. Amy I'htllrps. Donna Ilctehnct. Arlclrr Stellci. llct lolttti

lltAltltl'IH .
(iltAt'Itlt toortotNttorr
\’tttitr AI turitra

I-IS'I'AIHJSIII'ZI) I‘Hh
' ‘ t t " t ' t ” ' ' ' r '. 'Itr-ol l‘s‘tll‘f’l'lht'

' -| l trrt'htnlt‘til Ilt'H n trdrlrrltir/r \tll Ira ti/rlt tllltl lt/tfrtlt rltrrrtri. tltt it V , x ._
ill/fritni-H-Vtrtrlr'tii I‘rcri (ttr/irtt'rttunt. uIt flltlt‘llt'lltlt'lll trotJttr-pro/tt ttrﬂtllllttt‘llttlt."ttI’ltHltlf
[till/t‘l‘ Ii t/t'lt‘lllllllt'tl hr l/t't' Liltrur-tnvflirry. rIIrtl rs tll/‘It‘t'l Io rcv w by the [Lil/Itlritll‘ftlpgl;
.tltttlittg rrrltlrt'srﬁ cl/Itrurr‘ Mitt/rill l'rcti. ( (‘ .09. I400 "rrihltrgtotr viva, t-llhalty. N) 1.1..

 

Clearly. a Mondale or even a ('arey is not
rcally necessary. A big ritttrie is not what was
needed for our Commencement speaker.
Somebody with sorttetlting to say would littve
been nice. A professor. ll state senator. ti
ttovcrrtnicnt bureaucrat. Not necessarily tame.

. ' - v u . . A . r
rust sorta. substance. tough luck. lellnw H mmmw” Aw” I‘ll/"HUI, [H “33).

seniors.
l’itttl Ror.ctttlittl t
k

Alan lobak. l’rcsidcttt
lower Steering ('otmcil

 

 

AleNy STUdENT priess conpormrion

“man or Dinet'iotrs
Sir tttrrs l)/Its\.\kr\ - Sl'lth'l: RMttiltt o DANIlld. (Mints

let/err to the xlo l‘ are tlltt‘rtl'.\ tt‘t‘fr‘tlltlt’tl.
I’ll-ow ,rttlrtrtti tlllgt' lr'rtcr. It'lu'tl, IU tltc
ILtIt'Iortrr/ l'itgt't lat/irrrr'. (( 3."), Hill!

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

