 

-......._‘,.~._....n-.. w.....»...-...._--..._._.._......

WH—WM..- 3:: Ir:

There’s No J

, ., “sprayer”

 

z.4.v.,,‘._.

   
  

gnaw
, RES -

' Buffalo St. Outplays Lac/cluster Albany;

Playoff Bid Hurt 0n Swamp-Like Field '

record a stunning upset, 15-8.

by David Osborn
(llUFFAl.O,'N.Y.) 'l'hey charged
.onto Rotttry l‘ield Saturday witlt a
sparkling ninth-place rtrnking
among eastern Division lll schools
and a tidy three-game win streak.
When they strode olf later on a raw.
\tet alternoon, though. the spark
Iiiid becit tlilltiscd and tilt Nt'AA
playoff berth scctttt‘tl ii lairit irntige
tor the Albany State lootball tciiiii.
lht‘itttgh the illlitl and slop on a
wintry titty. the l)tlilt.‘.sblld on olicitsc
and initially abandoned the game to
their detciisitc tllttl. lhe tlelciise was
simply on the field too |oiig..tritl two
key Ict downs Iii tlic second hall
.tlloitetl Ilic lltitiitlo State llttlls to

out postseason chances." said
lcii Dane coach llob l'orti. "Now
\tlictlrct or not It wa
still remains to be seen.
t|ttcsllitit another loss ttill eliminate
its and even it we can wtii the rest ol
otii games I would hate to consider

llull'ttlo played a basic. unpreten-

tiotis game with halfback Mark
tiabrcyl and ltillbiick (iitry Felt]
lending tlie attack that wore down a
sunny Albtirty delciise.
dropped the Danes to 3-3 and will
scriotisly lianiper tlicir itbility to get

I lie loss

picked ltir a return to the Do. lIl ti-s

tic chase.

"it certainly was a ltelliita blow to
'l - ttl-

 

ii deittli blow
Without

 

 

branded tlte Ditties.

 

L

ﬁaffalo Maintenance Maud
Predicts Correct Outcome

(BUFFALO. NY.) The tradition here for foul wettthcr is well
knowti. llorreiplotis pictures ol trapped citilcns during in/lards two
year'sago brought rciiet’futids front a stunned public. Snows continued
to whip oll Lake lir'ic trtitil tliccntire goicrnmcntal reserve was needed
to dig llultaln out. Maybe that‘s why itjust wasn‘t very surprising to
witness the conditions In store for the Ditties when they ventured
westward lot' a date with the lltills. (iainctimc temperature was
icpoiletlly 43 witlt a wiitdcltill lactor of it) httt tltat iigtire probany
sunk to 10 towards the morning nioin. Itts oi the game.

Sit-Int) IirIIis ltad tell the playing licld iii titiociotis cortditions. t)iie
llilll oi the heir] wits an abosltite swamp and since tlte Ilaiies were
t'tiatgaiglliat way tostai't the gaitie. It shouldn‘t bcshockiiig that the)
|.ttl.'.l to generate olletise ill the openingtpntrtci. llieie was ttotiziettoii
.II ;II. so labeling the traction bad misses the point.

tin-tripling to pcrsoiiaily gauge the terrain out the mud side. this
wt otter went down to survey the situation and soon alter walkingoii
the soil. was sent ttttttbltiig down into a splattering slide. A chuckling
tit.itiiteti.iiice man shouted. "Hey, i told you that was gonna happen.
a .tit lllllll tiie gaitie starts. they‘ll be all over.“

it was the kind ot iiltcrnooit when Ilie mttd getscakes onto tlte ball,
and ti petsst IiL'ls tinder ttrc tirigcriiails. dowit the prints, up the shirt. and
men to tire eyes. the slash paved the way to lo tumbles and two
instances ol simply mass fumbling on one plIty./.

\lbaii) was well prepared lnivingarrived l‘i'tday night atid aioided
the nightmare ol titling the live-hour distance and Iheit play tiiga game
oIi the same day. littt they weren't ready for the mud. lhittalo was
peppery, ttnd exuberant on their homecoming dtiy in the first football
meeting eicr between two oi the lotrr State University ('eiitci‘s.

“Albany entries in here with the good record and that near-
ehiinipioriship li'oin lttst yettr. but they ain‘t a mud team,“ sitid the
'elitickling Itiaintenitnce man. “Ourtcam is used to this kind of ﬁeld ttnd
it's gonna help as. you'll see." Maintenance men. like ctthbis. are
always correct. lie was no exception ttnd the Buffalo bitterness

 

— I)It\ itl ()sborn

its a long sltot for the playoffs.“

A pcppcd up Bulls squad sought I

to disprove the irate press they'd
been receiving in both the school and
local papers. Buffalo showed distur-
bing zest right away on the opening
kickoff and they continued the
domination with the Danesuctingas
unfortunate scapegoats. Albany was
clearly outplayed on olieiise. dclensc
and particularly spe ' ll learns; more
Iiiiportaittly. perlitps, ttll adapting
to the adierse conditions.

the team speed ol Albany was
negated by the iicld conditions and
instead II was the unwavering,
relentless rushing gamc oi Buffalo
that [)ICUlllCtl. lltIll runners weren‘t
last enouin to thin the corners, so
they pounded ahead with a barrage
oi short gaitis that kept the Dane
wishbone attack‘stdcliiieti.

"()Iii olleiisc relies on speed and
oitcc that \vas \vIpctl out our tittiittg
was lost itiid we iicier ptit it
together stud Albarty fullback
Mick Mirabella. lirtiited to 2‘) yards
on o Cill‘l'lL‘a. “I think field position
was the key to the game. 'very time
we grit the ball we started inside ottr
own 20; they constantly started iii
tttll territory."

llufi'alo‘s domination of the ﬁeld

   

 

 

 

Tuesday. October 17. 197B

 

pset 15-8

   

.’ ' z, 407

Albany's playott hopes faded when they were upset by Buttato
Saturday 15-8 on a muddy, cold itetd. (Photo: Joli Schneebaum)

was so extreme that the Danes only
crt 's'ed midfield twice iii the first
tltrec quarters. in the ﬁnal period
they began to gell slightly and
quarterback lcrry Walsh led Albany
to a 44-yard scoring drive in seven

 

plays. Walsh‘s (i-yttrd tottcltdown
rttit closed the grip to |5»o with 3:48
to pliiy. -
llis rtin for the two-point conver-
sion cttt tltc lead to seven points. btit
t'UIlIfIii/("I on page/i/lucli

Booters Reign Over Potsdam 3-2

by Ken Kurtl

Saturday afternoon was cold. wet
and miserable. btit the Albany State
soccer teant overcame the elements
as they managed it 3—2 victory over
visiting Potsdam State.

In the opening mintites of the
gantc. Albany defenscman Alex
l’tigano was hit with It yellow card
warning lor rough play, the first of
fotir given out dtirirtg the afternoon.
Scoring opcttcd tip at 24:45 of the
liiilt as Carlos Aritngo grounded the
ball into the net on an assist frorn
Kirk Andrews fora l-tl Albany lead.

l‘ittecn ittiittttes later. it was
Arnngo again on It hctiutiftil header
sliot ofl'tt pass from .Iorge Agtiilnras
Albany opened up a 2-0 lead at
1th.“). Potsdam. playing away ttntler
iiitsei'iiblc conditions wouldn't give
itp. inspired by the play of
goalkeeper l)an Nistieo.

Nistieo. lttst year‘s honorable
mention All-Conference goalie,
made two excellent saves which
could have broken the game open.
Potsdam ctit the lead to 2-1 til the
halftts l’cte Krywanryk (4l13li) took
advantage of the far corner of the
net. driving the ball past a diving
Albany goal—keeper Dario Arttngo.

l'or the lirst 20 initiates of the sc*
coiid hall. each team played in a less
than inspired manner tttitil .Iimmy
Alvcrel. scored the tltird Albtiity goal
oil a pitss front Curios Artingo.
“(‘iirlos did till the work, then fed
.liinnty the ball for the goal." said
Albany coach Bill Schieffelin. One
player excelled for eaelt team defen-
sively Its Potsdttiti fullback Steve
l'resnal tiscd his ltead iii more ways
than one to thwart Albany scoring
attcittpts.

l'rcsnnl‘s aggressive style of play

Netmen Finish Dual Matches Unblemished

by David Spiro

lite Albany State tennis tcitniciid-
cd tlicii lall season on a very
siiet-cssltil itotc last lhursdity, as
they rolled tip itii impressive li-I vic<
tory on the road against the t‘oitst
(ililll'tl Aeitdciiiy.

llte win lett the Ditties with an tIrt—
deleiilctl 4-0 record iii dual matches
for the ftill season.

the match letitttred wins by
Albiitiy in the top live singles
positions. as well Its victories in till
three doubles matches. '1 lie only loss
for Albany came iii the number-six
position ilit .ludd llolandcr. playing
iii his lirst singles rntttch ot the
season. lost to Pete HeWiiitl. (wt, ti-
2.

Albany's number-one player, Paul

| cldtiiati. deleatcd .loe Rodittptelti—
,t, 7—tt while miinbcts two and three.
I trite lettict and Mike l'citig. each
won I»), o-ti; l.eiiier over .lim
Viintlevoordc and l‘crtig over Scott
Scliacler. Nuittber-toui |)nve Mc~
Mullen topped Steve llcrgei (M, 7-6
while ittiinliei'~l'ive Derrick Rubin
beirt llob McLottglilin (id, 0-4.

'l he winningdotrblcs tennis lor the
Danes were l'Cltlllttltl and Fertig,
Lerner and Rttbiti. and McMIIllcn
titid llollaittlci'.

Antl-(‘llmux

"We played tip to ottr
capabilities.“ said Albany head
cotich Iloh Lewis. He said that he felt
that the match was Iiti "tutti—climax“
coming Int it did, iii the wake of 0c-
Iober (i and 7tlt's SUN YA(' ("ham-

pionsliips. \\lit'lL' Ilie Danes litiislietl
second.

"i was \ety disappointed that we
didn't wtit the SUNiAC's." said
icwts. lle termed the Danes tttiisli to
champion llinghiittttoii as the "turn
jor disappointment of the
season. " the ltigliliglit til the
season." said i ewis."wasotirsccontl
place finish iii the MAC totiittn-
tiiciit."

Several outstanding individual
performances liigltligltt the fttll
schedule, especially the play oi l'eld-
man in the SUNY/\L"s. lle bectitttc
tltc lirst player ever to wiit the
SUNYAF lirst singles title for four
consecutive years. “i Wits pretty
strtistied with my season," said lield-
man. He said tlittt his only disap-

fitll t

poitttmciit was his loss in the Great
llane totittiiitiieiit to at Salisbury
State ll\lll. " l but one match." said
i cltliitait. "could hate made it It real“
I) great season."

Fine Seasons
Litrry Lint-It, who missed the
('oast (iiiard itiiitcli. Lerner ititd l‘ertig

all ioitied l-eldniaii iii httviitg fine
seasons. 1 ewts Indicated Iltttt ltc felt

the lhtttcs were stroitg til the top but
were sonicttittes littrt by their lack of
overall depth.

lltc Danes will be fticirrg tt rttuclt
tougher schedule iii ttlie spring. cs-
pcciiilly in the dual tittitcltcs. “We
hope that we ctttt improve the littl-
toitt oi the ladder." concluded

Lewis.“ so we can be really strungfor
the spring.“

resulted iii his receiving a yellow
card. btit he contintied to disrupt the

Albany passingattnek. ()it the Albany

sitlc. Kirk AndreWs played good,
sound defense, effectively clearing
llte ball during Albany defensive
laps -' "Kirk is It consistent.
ttggr ve player, and he sparked its
iii the wiit over liinghttrnton." said
Scliielfelin.

At 4|:Jli. Kevin Weenis lofted ll
shot over a leaping Arango who was
trying ticsperately to get bItek iii
position after running 20 yards ottt
oftlie net to styriiie ti breakaway. ittitl
Potsdam ettt the lead to one gottl. 3-
2. Potsdam Itpplied heiivy pressure
in the final minutes oftlte game, btit
the Albany tlcfcitse was tip to the
challenge. preservingtlie 3-2 victory.

Albany takes on l'lttttsburgh (3-5)
at home oti chrtesdtty at 1:30 oii
the ripper soccer field beliittd Dutch
Quad. A witi will give Albany ti berth
in the Nov. ti SUNY Conference
t‘lianipionship gatne, Iiiid a shot at
the t'ltatiipiotiship Albany has yet to
gilllt.

l'otstlaitideicated l’lattshtii'gltil-(l
last week aitd the seotitiiig report on
l’lattsbtiigli indicates that tltc Citr-
rituals are tielensively strong ttrid
ottensively w . "We have to keep
the pressure on tlteiii aittl we must
wiii all of our remaining games for
any cltttltce of art NL'AA bid,“ said
Seltietielin.
li‘ttttl'NO'l‘l‘lS Key game is next
Monday's visit to lit‘ooklyn to take
oIi St. l'lllltula. last year. Albittty
lost to the lliv. l team 3—2 at home.
The game is it "must" one iii the
Ditties drive lot a tournament bid.
Mark Wen/cl (wrist) may be bttck
lor that otte. and Vliitlo Sergovieh
Ititd llcctor Rovito will nurse their
respective injuries by sitting ortt
against l'htttsbtirgh in anticipation
of Monday‘s crucial gttipe.

  

 

v‘.

 

 

 

 

 

«as

,.,..-;=+ 7..

A 

t

 

    

 

Vol. va no. 37

by Michele amt

1918 by Albany Student Press Corporatton

‘SA Legal Services Seeks Lawyer

are being withheld until negotiations

SA is negotiatingacontract witha are completed. The general outline

tlocal attorney who will be hired on a
:part-time basis by SA Student Legal
(Services. according
CounciliChair Dave Ruffo._

The attorney will work in areas of
constitutional. criminal, and civil
law. He will consult students on
problctns such as off—campus hous-
ing codes, election laws, student
voting rights and criminal offenses.

“SA wants someone who will‘bc
concerned with the student body,
not just the individual. We want
someone who will research
problems, who has outside contacts.
and has much experience in prac-
ticing law,“ said Rut'fo.

Legal Services Attorney, Jack
Lester, agreed that an expert was
needed in the areas of criminal and
constitutional law.

The name and salary ofthe lawyer

       

SASU President Steve Atttngor called Governor

of the Legal Services Part-time
Retainer for the attorney has been
to Central accounted by the Central Council.
‘lt‘s a matter of dollars and cents
now. We can't offer much." said
Ruffo.

The need for a part-time attorney

was recognized when the law ﬁrm
employed by Legal Services,
Roscnblutn and bevanthat, dissolv-
ed in April, 1978. The LegalServices "
Task Force, headed by Ruffo,dccid-
ed in June to search for a qualiﬁed
lawyer who would follow the new
program instituted by the Task
Force in Nov. l977.

The program involved student

consultation and advice. publicizing
hie role of Legal Services, and in-
volving the student body in legal af-
fairs. “We had to ﬁnd an attorney
who would take over the posit' n of

at a recent conference "combative." (Photo: Dwain Simmons)

Committee Assails SUNY For Stock Holdings

by Jill Haber

SUNY‘s Pool Endowment Fund
contains about $5 titillioit worth of
stock iit U.S. corporations which do
business with racittlly segregated
Soutlt Africa, according to SUNYA
Anti-Apartheid '(‘omntittee .loittt
Coordinator Danny Boolter.

The three week old committee is
aiming tit urging SUNY to get rid of
these stocks, said committee
ntertiber liob llill.

lttformatiott on the holdings was
obtained frotn the Finance tittd
Business Office of SUNY Central by
eorttpitring a list of SUNY stocks
with it list of US corporations
known to have dealings in- South
Africa frotit the University at
Massachusetts at Amherst library,
according to lloolier. _

SUNY t‘ontrollcr Ronald Rtrl
said iio one had yet corittictctl him
about divesting the stocks.

The controversial stocks
stittrtenboutatliit'dofSUNY's stock

holdings, tiecorditig to Hill.

The endowment fttitd of stock
consists largely of donations to
SUNY from private contributors,
said Rttt'. The individual who gives
the stock, ol‘tcri ttrt alumnus,
stipulates that the gift will benefit a

CO“-

particitlar campus. he said.
However, stocks may be sold or
traded.

“When the donor givesthe money,
the university accepts it to the extent
that the tinivcrsity~will manage it. if
the university feels it isn't a prudent
investment, they will sell it and btry
something I: ~e. The [SUNY] Board
of 'l'rustecs is responsible for iri-
vcstinents."snid Rtif.

Minimal Endowment

The Itrtitititit of endowments for
SUNYA is "extremelv rtiinimttl -
next to nil.“ he continued. "The titti-
jority is from the University Itt lltif—
fitlo which used to be private
and the upstate Ittitl downstate
medical centers."

Albany State University Black
Alliance (ASUBA) President
lloivard Strakcr sttitl thiit, at Viti-
eeitt t)‘l.eiiry‘s innttgurntion, when
he attempted to show it SUNY
trtistce Iiii article on the SUNY stock
which appeared iii ASUHi‘w
newspaper. Unity, the trustee tore up
the reprint Itttd said, "Ridiculous."

“We‘re waiting for the [SUNY]
Chancellor [Clifton Wharton] to say
something. We are ltoplnguii a Black
person he will not give us
bureaucratic rhetoric. We hope he

 

   

Rosenbtum and Levanthat. We were
also charged to review the program
and make changes," said Rui‘i‘o.
During the summer of l978,
SUNYA advertised in local papers
for an attorney who would work on a
part-time basis. Experience in
criminal, constitutional. and civil
law were the criteria for application.
Resumes were submitted by 24 law
firms and attorneys.
Four Candidates
The new attorney was chosen
from four possible candidates after
they were rc-interviewed by the
original committee and SA ex-
ecutives. l’itul Fcldmnn and Julie
Salmon said that Lester did not have
much input in the decision, but that
he did review some applications.
Lester and the new attorney will
be working together its stated in the
new Legal Service Retainer for part-
titttc responsibilities.

bv Aron Smith

(NEW YORK CITY) Although the
repeal of SUNY‘s seventeen month
old $8.50 per semester heiitth fee was
the most prominent issue discussed
by Governor Hugh Carey at an Oct.
8 eottfcrctice with student leaders.ti
possible SUNY/CUNY merger.
part-time TAP, community colleges,
arid the EOP program were also
covered.

The New York City conference
was attended by representatives of
the Studcitt Association oftlie State
University (SASU), ClJNY‘s Un-
iversity Student Senate. and the in—
dependent Student Coalition,
representing the state‘s private
colleges ttnd universities.

Carey exhibited It concilitttory tit-
tittide toward the extension of the
ltiition Assistance Program (TAP)
to part—tiiiie students demonstrating

Hugh camV" m°°d genuine need.

“Don‘t believe that all part—time

won‘t sit back titid wttit for students
to pressure him," said Unity Editor-
in-Cltief Ron Simmons.

Wharton is on the Board of Direc—
tors of the Ford Motor Compitny,ti
corporation which is listed iii Unity
its having business in South Africa
itiid as it SUNY investment.

The issue of South Africttn
Itpnrtheid will be the focus of t|
scntitttir to be held on Black Solidari-
ty Day. Nov, (i, said Straker.

As of yet, there is no forrtntl
relationship between ASUBA Itiid
the Anti—Apartheid contmittee, he
said.

issue Investigated

l‘he SUNY stock issue is being in—
vestigittctl by AS llllA. sItid Strttker,
as is It State Legislature group look—
ing into New York investments iii
companies with dealings in South
Africt .

According to Hill. wltilc the corti-
Ittittee hasn't spoken to anyone itt
SUNY officially ttbotit the divest-
ment issue, it plans to go through
"official channels" and bring tip the
issue at Itri open meeting with the
SUNY Board of Trustees tit
German. The committee is cir-

culating 300 petitions in support of

divestment, said Boohcr.

SA Lawyer

     
  
    
       
 

 

 

 

  
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

   
  

 
   
  

   
   

 

  

 

   
  
 
  
  
 

  

   

  
 
  
  

Jack Lester will have a co-worltor when a new pan-time

attorney to hired by Local Sorvlcoa. (Photo: Carolyn Sodgwlck)

students should have equnl access to
TAP regardless ofthelrmeans,"stiid
Carey. “l‘ni exerting pressure on
[SUNY Chancellor Clifton] Whar—
ton and on the [SUNY Board of]
'l'rustccs. Those who frankly are tak-
ing their courses because they hick a
language skill and need it to obtain
or improve their employment should
be funded.“

“He hasn't agreed on a speciﬁc
dollar Itniourit for part-time TAP,"
stiid Allinger. “He‘s more eager to
spend $30 million than $40 million."

Recognizing the delays recently
encountered by SUNY students in
the payment of TAP awards, Carey
proposed the establishment of a
“'I'Al’ hotline." '

“i think we should htive ti TAP
hotlinc for those who run into the
system where you are entitled to
'l‘AP itttd you are faced with u tuition
bill Ititd you can't pay it, you can't
meet it, the money doesn't come

The committee Itt SUNYA is com-
posed ot‘ about 20 members in-
eluditig SUNYA students, faculty,
arid community members, according
to committee member Mike Tabor.
Neither Booher. Hill, nor 'l‘tibor are
SUNYA students. The committee
has voted to afﬁliate with the
Northeastern Cottlition for the
Liberation of South Africa, which is
composed of about 60 college cttm-
pttses, according to Booher.

The University of Massachusetts
and the University of California at
Los Angelcs have divested their
stocks irt corportttions which httvc
business dealings with South Africtt
because of student pressure. sitid
'l‘abot‘.

According to lloohcr, total U.S.
investment iii Soiitlt Africa ttrnotints
to L7 billiort. niakingtlie U.S. South
Afrit 's third largest trtide partner.
The aim ofdivestmcnt is to rid South
Africti of American investments trod
thus erase Amerietin economic stip-
port of it white minority govern-
Iticnt.

According to the British
documentary film on South Africa.
“Lust Grave tit Dimbaza,“ the
nation's 22 million Blacks are ruled
by four million whites.

 

 

Carey Speaks At NYC Meeting

througlt and the family resources are
not adequate, and the student has no
choice but to drop." said Carey.
"That should be corrected. That's an
enormous expense. We may have
some student work-study people
help us out manning the TAP
hotline.“

Carey‘s discussion of the
SUNY/CUNY merger wasprcccded
by a lengthy presentation of his
“health foundation" proposal,
designed to replace the health fee by
funding student health services
through revenue collected from
SUNY tuition payments. He then
launched a verbal tirade against
students involved in a SASU~
pliinrted demonstration in front of
the Governor's Mansion on Eagle
Street, to protest the fee.

“The Governor was in every com-
bIttivc mood," said SASU President
Steve Allinger. “i didn't say seven
words when he started saying that
the students aren‘t taking the brunt.
and welfare, and all that. lthink the
guy luts It kind of lousy personality.
He‘s the only politician l've ever met
who came off like that at that kind of
meeting.“

Carey made clear his belief that
any student picket of his mansion
would be turned againstthc students
and would not hurt his campaign.

“l'll go out and tell the people that
the students in the state, all the
students, those who support it and
those who do not, don't want to pay
$17 for It health fee, and that's why
they‘re picketing the Governor," said
Carey. “And l'll'go out and be a
demagogue and say ‘1 think every

continued on page nine

  

Lottora..............
Movlo Tlmctabto ‘

 

Anti-Crime

 

 

' ‘ ‘3’“?

 

.s...e-.

 

 

 

   

