 
 
  

  

 

“ '- Merv-nun... .~ . ~. . a

i~"‘t~Wl...k./

 

.ﬁ‘mfﬁf‘wgirf‘m . «mamas...» 4,.

 

5| .4...

 

 

Smile, It’

by Steve Bassett

Life ishard. And I'm serious when lsay this.
Sure. its not hard one hundred percent ofthe
time. but let‘s face it. it‘s no picnic. Take your
college career here in good ole Elbany. College
is rough. Here 1 am, smart. mature. talented.
but nobody except me recognizes it.

Now. I've been here four painfitl years and
I've talked to a lot of people. listened and
overheard numerous conversations. and have
done my share of eavesdropping. So I know
how hard it is for you. too. But so what. in
four years. I haven‘t met a professor I liked.
Well. I did get some ‘A‘s. and those professors
I liked. Of course they were BS courses. so
naturally the prof. was an empty-headed
collegic parasite. But nice. or all the other
professors. they all fit into one of the following
categories:

I- They were intolerably strict in their
grading.

2- Gave tests that were ambigious. since I
couldn't understand them.

3- Gave tests that were mttch too hard and
asked questions I had no answer for.

4- Were into teaching csotheric. difficult.
college-level concepts that were l. ,ond by
9.00 mentaiity.

In fact. i can say almost without exception
that any class that I received less than the
almighty ‘A‘ iii was due to the professors
inability to present and test the material.

And how about the campus itsell‘.’ Need I
delve into the personality of this concrete
structure for the billionth timc‘IOr. how about
the substandard slop served in the cafeteria.
the small rooms we must live in. the cold
showers in the morning. waiting for SUN YA
bUses. the terrible weather. the wind tunnels
called quads? And how about the lousy SA.
who never does anything. the ASP. surely in
the bottom ten of college newspapers? Why
the city itself is in pretty poor shape!

wltich brings me to the point ol this article:
with all these very real and present problems
and hassles that we must cope with daily. why
bother to like other people; to be friendly"! I
mean. I know l'veprobableym'crlooked a few
other things wrong with this school. but we
can agree that it's hard. very hard to have a
college career in Albany. And on top ofthis.
they expect me to be friendly!’.’ lhey must be
nuts! Alright. l have a few friends. my
roommates. people I've met over the four
years. whom l‘m lricndly to. but as to the rest
ol you. forget it.

Man is a complex animal: we're all quite

sSpﬂng!

different. And being friendly is dangerous; it
leaves you open for critical examination. You
may find out your not as smart. matute. and
talented as you thought. It's quite an elaborate
interaction. 3 give-and—teke situation. And.
after all. if somebody is friendly to me. he (or
she) must want something out of me. What
could it be? I really don‘t like to give out too
much of myself. lmight haveto change. aftcrl
spent 22 years trying to achieve my personal
perfection. I hear it you ‘give‘ a lot ofyoursell'.
the reward of that friendship is well worth it.l
wouldn't know about it.

So. isn't it a lot easier to sit back with your
few friends and laugh at all the unusual people
parading by'.’ Some of you people are tall.
short. round. ugly walk funny. talk funny.
and act funny. Stillothersdon‘t like what l like
and do things I wouldn't dream ol'doing. And
you wonder why nobody smiles aroUnd here.
It's hard enough that l have to eat rancid
stuffed cabbage for dinner. and I haven‘t
gotten a letter from anyone in six weeks. i
‘an't be bothered with you. [don‘t even say ‘hi'
to the kids around the corner. and they don't
say 'hi' to me.

Ofcourse. a few years ago I used to make it a
point to smile. wate. and say "hi to strangers.
Life was wondeiiul. I thought. Well. I adniii.l
was a hit naive in those days. Alter a while. I
grew tired of all the strange reactions to my
friendliness. and stopped being friendly.

l’cople inquired as to why I was so happy
when the world. especially SUNYA. was a
miserable mess of problems. Was it drugs?!
they wondered. lliey sat inedown and told me

just how bad ol‘l‘l really was, 1 hey told mejust
to worry about myself. and forget about the
other asses. When I told them I enjoyed
people and SUNYA. their laughter echoed on
the podium. l‘hcy said l had c\erything I
needed. a room. lV.. library.a rathskellcr and
machine music. l hey were all too convincmg.
Now. when someone would approach me. I’d
stare away coldly. Sometimes I'd just walk
away.

lliii. now it is spring. and e\erything is
turning out to be rather nice. llul try to resist
the temptation to talk or smile at me. Like so
many of you. l‘nijust another personification
of this bleak. ashen white cement palace. And
ljust failed my psych. test because the teacher
gave me a math test instead. I simply can‘t be
boiliercd with you. anymore. You had your
chance three years ago when I knew how to
smile.

 

 

 

 
   

 

 

FEIFFER

 

 

 

no
speaker...

To the Editor:

The latest political confrontation on the
SUNYA campUs seems to be the issue of the '
student speaker at the graduation ccrcmottics.
Apparently. the Graduation Committee.
without objection from the Class of ‘78
Council. decided to delete a student speaker
from the commencement ceremonies. at the
beginning of this semerster. Intense
disagreement to this action on the part ofSA
became evident last week.

The Council's decision is certainly a logical
one. SUN YA's graduating class is
approximately 2400 people. How can one of
those 2400 expect to represent the total
university community‘.‘ Who should be picked
to speak at graduation'.’ Perhaps a senior with
a 4.0 should be chosen (yet there are a number
of seniors graduating with a 4.0 cum). 0r ltow
about the director of ABC. the general
manager of WCDB. the president ol Signuni
Laudis. or the editor of the Ilb‘l‘ editorial
page? Manybe ti senior who has been tictiie in
SA for four years should speak it graduation.
(Is this the rcsason for SA's sud .eii inteicst'.’l.
lhc point is. ofcoursc.that no one studentcatt
be deemed representatiii: ot the total
university community. Rumor has it that SA
wants to organi/e a committe to pick a student
speaker. who should be deemed giltcd enough
to sit on that committee?

Disagreement is notcoiiting liotii S'\ill0lll.‘.
howeier. A number oi seniors are upset with
the way commencement is turning out (and a
lot of this is very understandable. but that is
'1‘” lhc ibsUL‘ here). Some seniors illc deciding
now that they want a student speaker to

"save" the Graduation L cremony. lhc
Class Council made their decision
on the student speaker early in the

semester. ll seniors wanted a student speaker
that badly. why didn't they keep tabs on the
Council members at the beginningI oi the
semester. before the decision was iiiade‘.’ “hi
complain now"! i

l he senior class elected the Class ( ouncil to
make such decisions. lhc clcclioti was
democratic. and each senior had the
opportuniton run. Regardless ol \\ licther or
not you‘re ait elected member. the Council has
been open to student opinion all year. while it
was making its various dectsioiis. liiii then
again. it‘s much easier to sit back and

complain than to take an active part in any

r——-—-—\

   
    
   
   
   
  
   
    
  
    
   
  
  
   
  
   
  
   
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
   
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
    
   
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
   

decison or activity.

Well. fellow seniors. graduation it Hunk].
approaching. And after that. it's out "1mm;
real world. We had better get iised to lltt'lau
taht. ifwe live in this country. were goingmi,E
electing people to make our decisions lllfuy
The way to inﬂuence decisions is to be aims
of what's going on. and to make stigma...
and lobby before the decision is made. on...
always have the option ofgetting Ill\ttl\cd and
doing thing ourselves. Sitting on on.
collective ass and complaining “I” new
accomplish anything.

         

Jun 5. Roseiihaum

II-no .
inoney... .

To the Editor:

A5 the Gold-Baron adiiiinistiatinii liictiihui
its final breath. it is reassuring to l.liti\\ that ll
is still playing sandbox politics l.ii1_\ iii -\pn|
Central Council llpptittt'il \ltlilum
Associations purchase of the llL'llt‘Li.L tlolt'. \1
that time their was some hr‘t'tllidlittll i» lti
“homer Dave (iold would win tht ‘o.l| .oit
turned out he did not

lhii- lllt \iiiiioit

Association. made a UllllllllllltLIiI to lllt t Lin
tII l97K.
As of this writing the liliitt'l. .: smut,”

Association lia\c refused in it up it...”

 

agreement made in point

Central Council and the( !.i. t r . ..i Hm
(ltlltl-Uilltlll team ls .itteiiiphic ‘x-lahlllt‘
Senior Class in it~ hack b}. '-\.llttivi.«iiillllllt
52000.1)”. lliitli (told and litllilli . :.tlilililt’\ an
upset that the Class oi "s t mu l‘ uptitlol

last semester. that ii sllltlt‘ili \tt. .> .i .\ illnlltti‘.
be present at graduation

 

 

 

\lonths later the hold .liltl Hm ‘.1;‘.iitltilt‘
attempting to misuse \ihnt [tit‘mf 'ilL\ hair :
Iclt to get the Class t itlltlill in .t tit. lllt’it
dciiiaiitls. (iold-llaroii li.i'.t kn mom} \lllill
( lass Iunds and are il\l\|llf.‘ .2 int. l‘wildi‘it‘
and a coercne ransom. It i~ will . primiithn .
they htnc clearly menu-ppm ‘l ‘t *‘lllilllit‘
ol their power.

Recently l’avc (told non-t two \iac
liciiccke got hint started in comm » [whim it
seems ii shame-that tltc (Intuit. vi lt'ttl.l.II‘.

stoopiiig to tactics reminiscent Ali liic lit’llﬂtltt‘
days. We can understand tlic titliLLlli oi lhc
Uold-Baron team on the student ‘il’itlkt‘lshkllt‘
but we will not condone lllLll thrilliin and
coercive methods. lhcy h.i\c H‘i‘ii‘tllt'tl iiiu
issues: issues that clearly \lilitltil rim
icmaiiicd separate. llopctiilly lllt [lllitl'lltlltlll

 

 

 

TH6E€ ARE
F60) OF US

 

T

 

 

 

I CALLUPOUVDU TO (70 THE
AQwUATE. GIMPE‘TEDT ADO "
OWN THlMG m2 Tl‘E I

  

 
 

     

 

 

 

