 

" 1030 MADISON AVENUE ‘
489-5431 ».

Last Night!

ALBANY. N.V. 12208
FREE PARKING

'8:OO

Starting Wed.

 

 

‘ Factory Guaranteed,
Sealed and Approved Equi ment
at Wholesale rices!
8 track or cass. J L stcrcn
Car FM converter
Seiko AM/FM 8 tr. or cass. stereo.
AM/FM 8 trk. changer w/2 mike
AM/FM 8 trk. portable AC/DC.
Seiko AM/FM VI
6 function. metal case L.C.D. watch..
Brand calculator w/ memory.
.Seiko' 1500 wt. hairblower.
Sears cordless curling iron.

 

Quick Service, Lowest Prices Around!
Call Saul at 457-7940

 

 

Greyhound Rx.
The cure for
collee blahs.

. 3’

it's a feeling that slowly descends upon
you. The exams, the pop tests, the required
reading, the hours at the library, the thesis-—
they won't go away.

But you can. This weekend, take off, say

 

 

hello to your friends. see the sights. have a
great time. You'll arrive with money in your
pocket because your Greyhound trip doesn't
take that much out of it.

If you're feeling tired. depressed and
exhausted. grab a Greyhound and split. it's a
sure cure for the blahs.

 

Greyhound Service

On.- I'ioumi You Can
To le Trip Luv-

Binghrunton 6.66 12,05
N.Y. 12.70 24.15
Hempetead 12.70 24.15
Buffalo 11.70 22.25 2:00 PM. 9:05 PM.
ByrwuBB 5,00 11.40 5:15 PM. 8:10 PM.
Ask your agent abou‘t) additional departures and return trips.

t ricaariulnect to cfmnuu)
Greyhound Agent Addmu
84 H tit . Al . . .
Charles Campbell “m on 8‘ bany N Y

i  122m
60mm

You
Arrive
8:55 PM
6:20 PM.
6:85 PM.

2:49 PM.
3:30 PM.
3:00 PM.

 

 

 

Phone

 

518434~8095

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘ PAGE 'rwo

History PhD

continue? from page one
V the authority to do.

Charlton. said he thought the two
l’h.D programs would remain
registered and could begin admitting
students once more ifSUNY won the
appeal.

Vice President for Academic Af-
fairs David Martin said there would
be no such immediate action. He
said the SUNY Council's office
would have to determine the legal
meaning. and that students would
not be admitted without clarification
of the decision.

A l’h.D program may be sub-
mitted for registration arty time.
Martin said recruitment of faculty
for the English Department has been

- pursued and will continue. He said

work will begin on the History
Department in the fall with the
arrival of the iicw Department
Chair.

Stone said that, in dctcrming ric-
crcdidtition, freedom would not be

4 lost by universities bccuasc the

regulations don't allow the SED to
define what subjects may be offered.

“lhc 1972 Master Plan con-
templates the role offhe Regents [in
this matter] to be to maintain
it iiinum standards of Education."

lhc [972 Master Plan had no'
minimum standards for doctoral
programs suid Relihrin. Ilc charged
thcsc standards were invented by the
consultants who conductcd the
review.

Rclihan said the decision to
dercgisier was not hflscd on criminal
actions or violations.

“The History program was
critici‘lcd solely irt terms of publica-
tion. The faculty were found compe-
tent." he said. He added that the
English faculty were rated equal to
those in uniycrsitics throughput the
Normans" rl 'Jl lrllt ,lllflt.l' W

In response Stone stritcd, lhc
purpose of l’li.l) programs is to train
scholars. Before it can do this the
program must dcriionslrulc its own
scholarship. 'l licsc two dcpartrircrits
have not done so." Stone said the
programs lirid sufficient time to do
this. citing the IS yetirsofthu tingliin
l’h.l) program's cxistcncc.

He added that at program could
conceivably continue without
registration; iijirsi would not be ric~
credited.

SUNYA Bus in
Near Accident

by Aron Smith

A SUNYA bus loaded with
students left the prrvcment on
Western Ave. yesterday after its
driver thought the bus had lost its
brrikcs, according to Motor l’onl
Supervisr Kcn Wolvcri.

'l'hc bus \vcrit tip onto the grass
beside the road before it stopped.
'I here were no injuries

this No. 45 went off the mad at
Western Ave. and llrcvritor Sl.jiist ii
few blocks front campus. at about |
pm, said Wtilvcll.

“He had it brick-lip syslcm. riri ICC
emergency brake. that lit: didn‘t use."
said Wolvcn.

When tlic bits returned to the
Motor Pool. iiicclirinics cxrimiricd its
brakes and found nothing wrong
with them. according to Wolvcn.

Correction

An article in the last issue ol the
ASI' incorrcctly stritcd tlirit Dean ol
the L'ollcgc oi Humanities and l'rnc
Arts John Schunirikcr is undergoing
evaluation. Not listed in that story is
one of low deans who is being
evaluated: School of Business Dean
William Holstein.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Coup Brings New Prime Minister in Afghanistan
NEW DELHI, lndla (Al’) Nur Mohammad 'l‘arrakhi. l‘tldL‘r m
Afghanistan's once-outlawed Communists, waited in jail last week for the
outcome of the bloody military coup that brought him to power. Asian
diplomatic sources reported Monday. The sources said that last i'ucsdrry,
tw0 daysheforc the revolt begun against President Mohamnicd Dun...“
regime, 'l‘a'r'rtikhi led a mass demonstration in the capital. Kabul. 'l'rrn-rrkhi
and six other Communist [orders were rounded up by security men and
jailed. the sources said. By late Friday. however, the government lirrd bccn
crushed. Daoud killed and 'l'arriikhi released. On Sunday he was mum.“
prime minister of the new governmcnt that gained rapid tlfpltifnmlc
recognition from several Soviet Bloc nations and India.

European Workers Mark May Day

(AP) Vandals desccratcd Karl Marx's grave in London arid demonstrators
battled police in several West European countries as workers around lhc
world marched rind rallied Monday in observance of Mriy Day. 1hc
international labor holiday. ln Moscow's Red Square. Soviet l'i‘csidcnt
Leonid l. Brezhnev briskcd in accolades while Spain riiarkcd its biggest Mrin
ever rind Britain its first officially recognized May Day holiday. In Paris.
lcftist demonstrators at the Place de la Bastille. symbol of the l‘runch
Revolution. stoned policc before l,500 of them brokc away through ncrirby
streets on a rampage of crir burning rind window smashing. l’olicc f‘ircd tcru
gas, tore down makeshift barricades rind arrested scvcrril )tilinp
demonstrators. Six policcnicn and ti dozen leftists wcrc hiirt.

Carter and Begin Note Israel's 30th Birthday
WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter and Prime Minister Mcnrrclicrn
Begin celebrated Israel's 30th birthday Monday as Congress licgtllt
considering it proposed threc-wayjet fighter sale that liris‘liciglitcncd tensions
bctwccri the United Stritcs rind flicJewislistalc. 'l'hcoccnsionfor licgin's \isii
was a White House reception marking the U. S.‘ observance of the
anniversary of the founding of Israel in I948. Carter invitcd about thiti
rabbis and other Jewish Icridcrs to join him find Begin at tlic Whitc lloiuc
reception. The Israeli Icrrdcr also planned to hold private talks with ('rritcr
concerning the impasse in Middle East pericc talks. Brit it was not
immediately knoWn whether the pair would discuss Ctirtcr‘s plan to sell |ct
fighters to Saudi Arabia anti Egypt as well as to lsrricl.
.. ‘-‘ I . . 1. ..

_. W . e up”.

Court OKsBeporlers Disclosures

WASlllN ()N (Al’) lhc Supreme Court ruled Monday that IlL‘\i\
reporters criririot he criminally punished for disclosing truthful nutrition of
secret governmental procccdirigs to l"tl(.lt.‘l'5. viewers and listeners. llcloic
rcccssiiig for two weeks. thcjrisiiccs struck down ri Virginia Inwtlirif inndr ii .i
criuic to report about it sttrtc judicial commission's corif’idcrilirrl lllt|ll|liC\
about jridgcs' fitness to hold office. Although most states cloak \lllll
invcstigritioris iri secrecy. only Virginia and Hawaii mridc it n crirnc lrtl
someone not linked to thc strife commissions to break through that “all of
confidentiality.

New Attempt to Override Death Penalty Veto
ALBANY. N.Y. (AI’J Hundreds of demonstrators rrrllicd Monday In
demand it return to capital punishment. increasing thc pi‘cssliic a.» lhc
Legislature prcpnrcs to trikc up an attempt to override (iov, llirgh (nit-Vs
veto of it dctith pcnrilty bill. lhc ovcri‘idcriftcmpt is to be tried in lhc Scririlc
on 'l ticsdriy. with tittcnfioii focused on two Dcriiocrritic Scilllltllh. lhl'tlt‘l Rim
of the Bronx rind Vundcr Ii‘ritty of Brooklyn. who votcd tigriinsi tlic tlL'dlll
bill when it passed March 13 but hrch siricc thr -rucncd toswitcli sidcs. l inf) II
the ovcrridc rittcmpt succeeds in the Senate is it to be taken up ill rlic
Assembly.

Reserve Board Curbs Bouncing Checks

WASHINGTON (Al’) The l‘chrtil Reservc Borii'd niovcd Monday to
eliminate bouncing checks by allowing consiinicrs ro ririthori/c i licir broth to
pay checking account overdrafts front savings accounts. Airircd rit hclpirii:
pctiplc rivoid riccidcntal ovcrdrril‘ts rind keep at minimum balance in ilrcii
checking accounts. the regulation takcscl'fcct Nov. l. ' ' ' viccwould how
to be requested by ri brink ciistornci‘ and would be r tlllillili: only in
individuals. not busirics. s or govcrnriicnfril units. Mondriy‘s action rilfct'fs
banks that rirc nicmbcrs of the l'cdcrril Rescrvc System. riborit Lilli“ \U'lk"
clirtrlcrcd institutions across the country plus 4,700 irritioriril briiikrr. ll dill"
not affect about 8,000 store brinks under the l“cdcrri| Deposit lnsuirincr
Corporation. Howcvcr. tlic l‘DlC plans to vote l‘lltlily on risiniilrii Him“-

FCC Warns Citizen Group of Economic Realities
WASHINGTON (AP) A eitizcrls group. contending that television iiccils to
Chi-“1 “P “5 "Cl for cliITdrcn. wris cxhorted by fire licrid of thc l‘cdciill
('ommlmications Commission on Monday to exercise less rhetoric and ri
itcr understanding of economic realities. FCC Cliriirniriri tilirirlcs l).
l‘crris made the statement in the context of detailing for members of ilu‘
“mum! 'lon, Action for ('hiidrcn‘s 'l'clcvision ACl', the kinds of things lils
“Emmy expects ofindiisirics Under llﬁ regulation. "We are going“) L"‘l’“l 'c”
“"39"” “nd ‘lrtiuiilcnt. and more facts and rigorous economic analysis. from
lhc 'f'd‘mme‘“ We rcBuluti:." he siiid. ACT hair petitioned the FCC 10 PM“:
rcstrictions on commercial advertisements on TV shows aired primarily l‘”
children. .
____—

MAY 2, 1973

 

 

 

Steingut To Meet With SASU

by Jon Lafayette

New York State Assembly
Speaker Stanley Steingut agrced to
meet with representatives from
SAS U yesterday following
demonstrations by about forty
SUNY students against the student
hcrilth scrviccs fcc.

I‘iic students formed rt pickcf linc
in frorii of the Legislative Office
Building. chanting slogans. holding
placards. rind wearing bandages
symbolic of thr: cuts in health scr-
viccs on SUNY campuses.

One of the demonstrators. drcsscd
to look like Stcingut. collected bogus
dollar bills from the bandiigcd
demonstrators. One by one. the
protcstors would lirirrd over money
printed Willi the Speaker's picture to
the student dressed as Sicingiit.

Wliilc some of the students began
lobbying in lcgislritors' officcs.
titlici's began to tic lip phones in the
offices of Sicingut rrrid A ‘Cillhly

Higher Education Committee Chair
Melvin Miller. The demonstrators
called all of the phone numbers in
the office and refused to hang up,
discussing the health fee with
whomever answered the phone.
According to SASU. Com-
munication Director Susriri
(irossmrin, Steingut‘s cxccutivc
secretary called SASU to strip the
phone calls. "You call off the phone
calls and we‘ll set tip ri meeting with
tlic speaker for you." (irossnirin
quoted the secretary rrs saying.

The meeting was sci for tomorrow
iiffcrnoon.

“Sicingtn‘s help will be irisli‘llmcn-
tril in solving this problem." said
SASU Legislative Director David
('oyric. explaining why the student
protest had focused on the Speaker's
olfir:

“(Senate

Majority Leader

Ut's

Vice President for Academic Affairs Liavld Martin said he will make
recommendations on two deans' evaluations this week.

and we need the public support of
the Assembly leadership to break the =
deadlock," Coyne said.

SASU is calling on the legislature
to appropriate $2.3 million dollars in ,

the State‘s Supplemental Budget to ‘1
cover the repeal of the health fee. .‘

SASU Union Affairs Director?
Steve Allingcr said in: feel that the
health fee has becoriic a political
lootbtill. Democrats and
Republicans have taken turns sup-
porting its rcpcril, he said, only to I
find themselves unable to secure
funds from choir of the two houses.

Alingcr said that. with Stcirigut
and the Democratic Assembly's sup- ’
port the fcc can be repealed.

At the mccfing tomorrow
(irossman said, the SASU rcprcsc
tritivcs will question Sicirigut on hi.
position on thc ll -ri|th fcc.

“if we don‘t gct rr satisfactory
rcsponsc [from Sicingutl we‘ll go
brick to direct action." L'oyric srtid.

Student demonstrators gathered downtown yesterday protest at”;

student health tee still present in the legislature's budget.

Martin To Act On Evaluations

by Jill Iliihcr

Vicc l’rcsidcrit for Academic Af~
lrrirs David Martin will act on two of
the deans” cvriliirifions i‘cpoi'ls this
WcLK.

Mrirtin said he will iiirikc
iccomincndritions to Acting
SUNYA l’rcsidciir Vincent ()‘lcriry
on the evaluation icports of “can of
Sociril Sciences Richard Kcirdrill rind
library Director ('..lriiiics Schmidt.

lhc reports on Dunn of Scicncc
rind Mrillicnirilics Viiiccnt ('owlirig
tilld School of liiisiircss Dcriii
\Villirrm H'olsfcirr llil\‘L' becn lirindcd
in to Mrii‘tiii._btii he is waiting to
mccl with the Council of ilic (‘ollcgc
of Mnrlicmritics rind Sciciicc. rts \chl
as to rcccivc ri r‘cpoi't irorn lhc ck-
cclilivc coniriiitrcc of tlic School of
Business bcfoi'c hc iiirikcs
icconinicndriliom on iltosc rcpor'ts.

lhc four c riliirilions wcic nirrdc
by coiirriiificcs from rlcriiis‘ icspcc»
Iivc schools in ri highly coiifitlciitiril
process bcgun this ycrii.

"It's not moved riiiywlit-rc rrcrii ris
lrisf as it should. llic first or. it's
like any other fli:\\’ prot . sriid
Mzirfiii of lhc cvriliiiilioiis. llicy‘ic
|llic i'cpriitsl rill conic in at diffcrciii

Buffalo President Under Fire

by Jill lliilicr

lhc SllNi liiiflrilo Stridciil
Scrrritc total to risk for the r'criiovril
of llnivcisii) l’i'csidcnl Robcil
Krich Sunday. bccririsc of
\vidcspicrid dissatisfaction with his
pci‘loiriirrricc over the prist ciglil
yczir's.

According to the New York
liirics. lhc volc from tlic lorry-six
nrcmbcr sciirirc was in to fcn rigrirnsl
Kcitci' riffcr' flii'cc hours of debate.

llic Student Association tit Hill-
frilo had iclcriscd ri i'cporf coridcni—
ning chtcr for his veto of SA rip-
ptopi'itllitiris of strident tax money.
his failure to draw up the corri—
pr'clicrisiic ricridcriiic plrin rcqilii‘cd
of illl striic sclioois. his luck of
lcridcrsliip. lcritling to low morale in
ricrtdcniic dcprir'tiiicnts. and his lack
of rapport with students according
to llrilf‘alo Spccfrlim l:diior'~in-('|ricl
lir‘clt Klinc.

Kcttcr‘ iippcrircd before about .150
people. mostly students. prior to the
Student Senate vote and generally
denied that rinytliing was seriously
amiss at Buffalo; whilc citing state
rcgulrrtions budgctriry constraints tlb
restrictions to his powcr' ris prcsi-
dent.

MAY 2, 1978

According to Kliiic. lllL' forum
riirirkcd flic first public rippcrii'rincc
ol chtcr licloi‘c students in two
years.

the completion of SllNY lliil-
frilo‘s ncw Anilicisf criinpiis. Kliiic
stud, liingcs in part on ilic slipiilriicd.
but its yct unwilling ticridcinic plan
which would csftihlisli priorities for
the construction of Iricililics.
llccriusc Kcllcr‘ liris not developed
such ri plriri. hc is being blamed for
sirrtc riictcd—otit budgets for Icss
rimorints tlirin wlirii hrid liccri licpcd.

Student iilso rclcr'rcd Kcttcr‘s veto
of it stiidcrit trrx appropriation of
Slillill for buses to ritfciril :r
dciiiorislirifiori rit tlic strilc capitol.
rind his ccrisiirc of NYl’llUi funds.

According to Kline. faculty
riicmbcrs rirc also disapproving of
Kclfci‘. citing ri hick of l'trdcrship,
but thc lirrcnlty Scrrrrtc has yet to net
because of fcrir of rcprisril.

lhc New York limes states that
sonic of the criticism of Keller is hris~
ed on ri highly negiitivc report on lhc
University's mirth program. filed by
ri rcvicw team of six outsidc
pi'iifcssors.

“l'cuds are rampant between
academic units rind various pcr~

sorizilrtics and ti scrisc of dcspriir pct-
vritlcs ilic crrmpris siiicc no riiipimc»
mom is lorcsccii iii ilic criviioiiiiicnl
iii the visiblc fritiirc." flic r'cpoil
r‘crrds.

llic so crillcrl “hirrin dr'riiii"
irrlcnicd pi'ofcssois lcriiinp llfL' crim-
pits ltcctillsc of on iinccilriiii
ricrirlcmic lllllllt' on.» also nrimcd
ris ri lricior'.

Kctlcr sriid he plrins to mourn in
office at Icrist until Willi when his
tcr'iii is up.

Kliiic speculated tliril the vote to
risk for Kctlcr's resignation would
not produce any immcdirilc fringiblc
I‘Csllllh but that it would licri step in ii
process culminating in ii refusal to
rcripponit Kcttcr when his tcrrii cx—
pii'cs.

Kcttcr has been in office for eight
ycrii‘s.

lhc strident scnrrlc. which
represents SUNY lliilfrilo‘s H.000
riritlcrgr‘tiduritcs. has 40 stiidcnt
members. l‘ourtccri did not vote on
the motion risking for Kcttcr's
resign “on.

KL'fIL‘i has denied. along with trip
SlJNi’ liuflrilo ridrriinisfrrrtors. lllill
there are scrioils problems ill the
university.

iiirics.“

Mtri'tiii sriid that no specific
dcridliiics \vcrc sci for the completion
of thc reports. rilthougli gcricrril
sitggcstions wcrc nirulc.

"'llic writcr guidelines til the
beginning said to evaluate the
process itself at the end. So fiir the
library committee has been the only
committee to discuss the process.“

According to Mririon Mriiilcr.
Choir of the committee cvrilllriling
Library Director" Schmidt. “wc‘rc
mnk'ing comments about the

proccdurcs now. I think the
cvaluritions rrrc consistcnt with the
idea of accountability rind consistent
with evaluations of faculty
nicmhcrs."

ilic Chair of tlic Cowling cvaluri-
tiori committee, Dean Aidcri. cit-
prcsscd crinlidcricc flirrt the report
would he trikcri scr‘iottsly brit I don't
necessarily iliirrk lic‘ll act in riccor-
driiicc with it." hc said. “lhc rid»
ministration has information
iivriilriblc to it which tltc faculty
doesn‘t hrivc."

Human Awareness Program
Podium Beer Blast Friday

by Aron Smith

SllAi A's [human-n will bciiirncd
on l'iidriy, lllltl llL'L' bccr will bc scri-
cd on tlic podium. ris pint of lliL'
ciilriiinritrori of this yctrr‘s lltirririii
Arrrricricss I’r'ogiririi.

Sincc llAl' str‘cs.‘ .' improved
communication bcfwccn students.
Iriciilfy, rind ridriiiriisfirilor's. SA Vit‘c
l'r'csidcrii-clcct llrcwriigton hilltl
(’critirrl ('oiincil‘s Academic Affairs
(oiiiriiitfcc will request that lhc
faculty not cover regular curricrilririi
in class lliril driv. rind iiistcrid pci'iiiil
discussion of topics til nililirril
lillttlt‘\l 'ri \fllthlllN rind Illhlillt‘ltil'.

"\\c  lll ri lcffci to llicfricrilfy
flirrl sliltl int-thing like this." sriid
lircwiriglon.“ ‘llcrir' l'rolcssor:
Would you plcrisc structure your
clriss on May 5. llAl' fifty, so by
MtiilL‘ nicrrns communication can he
\llllillltllctl (ill ri pcrsoiiril lcvci. other
than on tlic icvcl ol corirscwoik.‘ “

"llopcliilly." sriid Acndciiiic Al-
lilil's L'oiiirriitfcc L liriir lhrvr: Riiilo,
"lhc discussion strri'icd in ilic
classroom wrll coiiliiiuc outside the
classroom and crcritc ri morc opcti
ritriiosplicrc."

Aririiriil liyent

Rriflo hopes to iiirrkc flAl' l)tlytlll
annual event. ll it proves successful
l’l'ltlily.

"()tlicr schools. like Hi’thpri‘l.
lirivc Spring Weekend when they
close cl’ "cs lhc first nice day in thc
spring". id Rufi‘o. "ilicy havc lﬁtl
or so kegs. rind the students sit
around and trilk with the faculty. not
about classes. but onri personal level
that is meaningful to them."

ilAl"s priniriry function is to riid

' king down comriiuiiictitions
iciwccii the various frictions
S U N Y A. according to

ALBANY BTUDENT PRESS

lli'cwrngton.

”\\’c wririf to crcritc ri more pct-
sonrrl “if on campus. where pcoplc
don't gcl caught tip in tliccoldiicss of
the campus.“ sriid fircwmgton.
"\Vcrc kind of split up.“ he said.
“rind qiirid scl~up tlocsri‘t ciiliriricc
conirrct llldlltlil)’ \irtys.‘

Mnkc l't-oplc Avriirc

" | hc program aims to iiirikc pco-
plc .rwriic tlirif tlicrc‘s more lo the
l'nivcisily Ihrin going to clrisscs rind
inking linrils." sriitl liicwriigtoii.
“llirii lhci‘c's riior'c thrrn soriiconc
who sliilitlk up there rind lcctiircs. or
ii girid student who grridcs pripcrs."

l issnci crillcd lhc formation of an
inlormrrrioir i‘cstilliL‘L‘ network one of
|lA|".~r primary (il)Jt.'Cll\’L'S.

" | llL‘l'C rtic lots of issues that we
have on campus distribution rc-
qiiiiciiicrits. the ‘W' policy. (‘1) l A,“
srod Lissncr. “frik'c ("DI A. It‘s an
issuc that will conic up again and
flrcrc Will he inlicrciit conflict
bet ween students rrrid rid~
iiiiriistrrifors. lhcrc are lots of issues
that we can get together on and get
something going on." he said. "All
wc think of rlrcadiiiiiiislrators is that
ihcy'rc ti bunch of bureaucrats. But
tlicy do things also."

“lhc idea is that it just won't end
with Mrry 5.“ said llrcwington. “It
will rcmriin with the institution rind
will become a tradition. if you look
of traditions. we have lcli:tlion.
After that there aren't any. they
begin to dwindlc.

' "When you walk down the
podium, you should be able to say
‘lii' to someone without fcﬂing bud
or stupid or looking likc ii moron."
said llrcwington. “We're all human
beings and we all have something to
otter on that level."

PAGI THREE

 

