 

baseman-m...“ ._. A

,1 _ Student sophistication

. 4 Overtliep‘acttwo decades student activism
has played a critical role in the shaping of
_ public policy. The activism of the sixties
‘, reflected the students' deep concern in areas of
y, environmental protectio‘n. civil rights and
peace aim. The movements formed to
advance and defend these causes were radical
in nature and tenacious in their struggle.

Unfortunately. many of these movements
were‘shprt lived due to lack of organization
and sophistication. These movements
functioned as long as the cause was clear and
action well deﬁned. but as soon as the issues
became more complex and the alternatives for
action more intricated the’ movements lost

H their momentum and disintegrated.

Because of the transient quality of student
groups on campus, these movements were not
able to beneﬁt from the' accumulated
experience that a stable organization could
generate. Protest marches and sit-in
demonstrations emphasized the quantity
rather than the quality ‘of student
participation and failed to do anything more
than bring a brief flash of publicity to the
problem area without following through with
a working solution. Eventually students
realized the need for research. problem
solving. organized presentations and lobbying
efforts to express their concern. This type of
thinking formed the impetus for the creation
of the Public Interest Research Groups.

The PIRGS were organized to consist of
students and staff professionals (scientists.
lawyers. researchers and lobbyists) working in

a non-proﬁt. non-partisan effort to protect the "

rights of citizens. Through ti powerful
lobbying effort the‘ PIRGS’arc able to
represent interests of the citizen and the
student in consumer protection.
environmental preservation, government
accountability and citizen rights. There are
currently active PIRGS in 2| states on ISO
campuses

The New York PIRG has ofﬁces Statewide
from Queens to Syracuse. Binghaniton to
Albany, Buffalo to Brooklyn. In its four years
NYPIRG has sued New York State legislators
for illegal patronage known as
“lulus”. documented bank deinvestment in

 

Iz'dilor's Note; Rab [la/gleam Puhlit' Roluliunn‘
Qirecmrfbr N YI’IRG.

by Rob Boldly  
Brooklyn (a practice commonly called .“red-
lining’ which leads to deterioration of
neighborhoods); helped register over 100.009 .
students to Vote in I976 elections. brought to
court individual casesato‘ remedy student
voting problems. identiﬁed carcinogenic
pollutants in the Hudson River drinking
supply and conducted the largest~ marijuana
reform campaign in New York State.

This is just a sampling of the vast amount of
public interest work NYPlRG has been
involved in since its inception, Projects
currently underway include investigation into
areas such as the Educational Testing Service
(LSATS. MCATS. etc.). survey of student
housing conditions. comparison of consumer
goods prices. the formulation of ii guide to
physician services in Albany and compiling
information about the “junk'food” industry.

The projects offer the student various
opportunities to become involved in an area
which is of most interest to himyher. Project
work at NYPl RG affords students a great deal
of ﬂexibility within its structure so that each
can devote the amount of time and effort
which best suits him or her. NYPlRG offers
many educational opportunities that can
enhance and supplement academic areas such
as biology. business law. chemistry. computer
science. communications. economics. finance.
marketing. political science. and sociology.
Accredited internships are also available in '
many areas for those students who iiish to
devote a large deal of time to a topic. Working
for NYP'IRG provides the studcnt mm a

‘alutible added dimension to his her
education for now he/she can apply hlS:llcr
classroom knowledge in a practical situation.

NYPlRG offers the student activist a viable
means for the expression of his her concern
for public policy and provides him, her \\llh
an organizational medium that is ‘apahlc ol
initiating public policy reform.

lf student acitivist groups expect to be a
signiﬁcant factor in the shaping of public
policy then they must be as sophisticated and
organized as the opposition they face. An
organization such as NYl’IRU. With its
network of student and professionals

' working together in the public interest. meets

the needs of the student activist as he sht:
works for responsible reform and social
change.

 

 

irhWﬂiiS’o
on

more» sewage
_ .\ - '

 

 

 

V viewpo

f

administration
manipulations-

To the Editor: I

The AS P and its reporters are to be praised
for the coverage of the SUNY retrenchments.
No intelligent onlookcr can still maintain that
these departments were cut for academic or
ﬁnancial reasons. Little by little the waythings
work is beginning to surface; the Szoverffy
letter printed in Tuesday‘s ASP provides even
more information on howihings happen at
Albany.

I. Anyone reading this extraordinary
document with its personal attacks can now
reflect on what it would be ili\'t.‘ to time its
author prepare one's tenure lilc. solicit onc‘s
external reviews. and write the central
evaluatch documents in onc's tenure case.

2. While 1 am largely unfamiliar with the
procc‘lures used by Kendall liirr‘s committee.
it conimcndubly labored long and hard on it
thankless task to produce a series ol
recommendations that the university should
have followed.

3. Simcrffy's comments about Spirit-k
should be placed in historical perspective.
Sptilck was brought to SUNYA by Dean
Colman in I970. S/trverfl'y armed the same
year. l‘heir relationship has hccn stormy. As
recently as I975 they werccrrgngcd in a dispute
over the use of S/ovcrl‘ly's \rla to bolster the
German department's credentials for its SH)
review. a dispute that generated
correspondence with Nyqurst and the SH).
One cannot know whether this cxchangc
contributed to the negative eitiluation ol the
German department (the Phi). was dcscirhcd
as "marginal." the department as a “mailing”
address"). but Sptilck might reasonably have
assumed that Slovcrfly‘s activities did not
help. Shortly after the Sizl) rcvrcn. when
Spalclt‘s committee rctrcnchcd blowrlly. he
filed suit against a number ol persons
including Spalck. Evcn taken in this context.
Sloverfly‘s suggestion that Spailek arid the
Dean had decided in ndtance ol the process
that Lcibowiu. would not get tcntirc should be
constdcrcd new public inlormation in the case.

4. Sioverffy's statement that Strclkii "has
no responsibility whatsoctcr" in thc nialtcr ol
the solicrtation ol the external reviews should
be read wrth caution. A Icucr from 1M,

 

FEIFFER

evaluators at Penn State (turned over to

nt

Leibowitz as the result of it gl'lcvzlncg

procedure) makes it difficult to minimiu‘i
Strelka‘s role in the solicitation process. The.
full account of the solicitation of the nutsirlr

letters inthe lseibowitz case is actually mo”
'fascinating than anything that has ygt

appeared in the ASP.

5. The misuse of solicited letters In [1,:
Lcibowitz case is. however. not unique. lor
example. in one recent case a letter way
solicited from a person who had been
interviewed for a job in the department 111:
previous year and whom the cvalucc. together
with others. had urged not to C(tmcttt Albany,
The apparent resultant feeling o‘ bitterness
produced a letter described by the ocptttlmtnl '
chairman as “unprofessional.” hur the lam
was nevertheless used.

In another case. the academic \ ICL‘ prurdum
iii concert with the chairman in rhL t iiunuhyn
Promotions and Continuing \ppiirntmcnh
placed four negative letters ol L'\.|ltl.|ltlln in .r
candidate‘s file less than I5 rrrnnnm ht-Iumn.
meeting of the Council my
knowledge ofthe personnel oltrtir rc-pnrrnhli
for the ﬁle.) These letters \tcrc ~t Iurul Irurrrr
file not on this campus in ninth thun-
individuals had no legitimate out“ not] \\|tlth
contained positive letters and Ithili‘tlith not
shown to the Council. 1 hey Clitinlctnclctl qur
new positiveevaluations propcth \tlilcllt‘d at
the request of the Council.

In yet another case. an t.'\.llll.iliir ttIlllp-tlt‘ti
a candidate unfavorath illltl \\ rrIr showman
an acquaintance who had ltixl h. n rt-nm-ilr
job in the dcpartrrrcnr in. \l \H
department chairman in n prolc~~wnnl ulrnnl
tnot my own) told me lltnl who r.. \tliltllt'tl
letters for El Cttndltiillc lit- thv. .s out the
negatch ones if he \HllllL‘tl litnl \ ititlnliltclo
gct tcnurc. th anothch \\ \~.irol.nrnlrii
colleague of mine that when ill it .~ .ntcri tut
an evaluation. he ul“t|)\ lllLllllltil dllt‘lilt‘i .r
positive or negative response ~.\.r~ innit-t1

(J. Although these cpisotlcs .lru Hill \qlllllld
as those surrounding the I crtmiirr/ rtntm.
they do suggest thatjunior Liturr: :rtrrrhmn
SUNYA have a right to L‘\PL‘U rmrrmnt
evaluation more hottest and L'tltlll.l"it lhnltlhr
one that exists. Leibowit/ \\.t\ plnttn hr \tl
umongthc top three percent o1 rht ..rrrrcr~il\~
teachers; her publicatiom I. “stilt-r1 in
quantity those ol'most who rmL .tn normal
the Associate level during lilL' p.i»l mm tom

llcr publications have I’L'CL‘HL‘tI in. Lonnihlu
nttcntiotr of the top scholttrs lll htr Iltili iii't
departmental and Un|\r.‘lsil\ “m
cxtcnsivctshe did everything \il. «.n .l‘ht'ti to
by the department. all lhc \\.I\ llrrn. would"
courricr for Spillck to taking our wuhN’"
day before they met. to minim; .i ml

I \\ llilillll

tlxitt

 

 

 

 

lT FAVOES
§0HE 6R3

some.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Graphic Artists M Y:

On Preserving a Sense
or Artistic Honor . . o

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

