 

 

 

 

, [Fifty ways to Get Your Landlord --

 

New York has at least seven major legal
devices created by the Legislature, ‘each
designed in its own way to eliminate sub
standard housing.

I. The oldest tenant remedy is the Rent-
Strlle. This process begins with the
withholding of rent by a tenant or group of
tenants. This tactic should be used against a
landlord whose building has numerous
structural defects. The defects must be ofsuch
a nature as to render the building unsafe.
unhealthy or a danger to the tenants‘ welfare.
Tenants in this type of building should request
that a “code enforcement agency" record the
rent impairing violations that exist within the
building. The tenant or tenants may then
defend an action for rent by obtaininga court
order declaring ti constructive eviction. this
order stays the eviction proceeding. A
constructive eviction occurs when the
landlord. without intending to actually C\'lCl
the tenant. does some act or refuses to correct
a hazardous situation which effectively
deprives the tenant ofthe beneficial anO} merit
of his apartment. lnasense anydisturbanoe of
the tenant's possession by the landlord
whereby the premises are rendered unﬁt or
unsuitable for occupancy tn whole or in
substantial part amounts to a constructtte
eviction.

During the period of the stay. the rent is to
be paid into Court and when the \iolations are
dismissed the withheld rent is paid to the
landlord. The withhold rent can be used to
repair the budding.

2. Rent may be withheld by I petition ofonc
third of the tenants. Where one third of the
tenants tn a buildingjoin in a petition alleging
the existence of conditions dangerous to
health or safety. (not necessarily code
violations). an administrator may be
appointed to collect the rents and make
repairs.

3. Rent may be abated during the
continuance of certain “rent impairing"
violations. Under this statute the rent

 

Editor‘s Note: Third in a series (in ,ttmlettt
legal hassles and ltutv to handle Ilu-ttt written
by SA legal advisor Jack Leslw.

impairing violations must have been in
existence for six months. After that time the
tenant may cease paying rent. but he must save
the rent until an action is commenced against
him. at which time he paysthe rent into Court.

4. The offending building may be put into
receivership. so that the city can make its
necessary repairs and obtain a prior lien on all
rents to secure reimbursement.

5. A landlord can be put in jail for
interfering with a tenant‘s use ofan apartment
or failing to proude essential sertices.

In New York under section 235 ofthc Real
Property Law. a landlord is guilty of a
criminal offense punishable by up to IS days to
Jail and/or a fine of up to $250.00 if the
landlord

[at has a duty to proude utilities or other
services that are necessary for the proper and
normal use of an apartment and he
intentionally fails to furnish such utilities or
services. or

(b) otherwise intentionally interferes with
the tenant‘s use and enjoyment of the
premises.

The process that leads to criminal charges
being brought against a landlord starts uhcna
tenant goes to a local criminal court to make a
complaint against a landlord. After thetenant
has made his complaint. some officer of the
court will probably attempt to contact the
landlord and have the offending situation
corrected without commencing a criminal
prosecution. Different local couns follow
different procedures tn attempting to resolic
the problem informally lf the landlord does
not respond to this informal process. the
criminal process may be started by the tenant
signing and filing with the Court an official
accusation against the landlord. This is known
as an "information." Once an information is
filed. the Judge can issue .t warrant for the
arrest of the landlord or .i “summons” for the
landlord to appear tn Court l'he charges
against the landlord may be pressed by the
District Attorney t‘llCL' the warrant or
summons is issued.

l'he local criminal court to the City of
Albany is the Police Court located in the

 

 

wet

8

00'le PM? Al“? WURE

in
WNJT To. T0 c
MONEY To no we r
nous!

A909
KW

 

 

I’M A COMWESSMAU
hit? WEE ’llEYItlé
to RAPE ME I

l

HOW V01

FEIFFER

h—ﬁ

Public Safety Building. first floor, Morton
Avenue and Broad Street

6. Warranty of Habitablllty. The long
standing rule that absent fraud and deceit.
there was no guarantee that the premises
would be fit for human habitation has been
changed by Real Property Law section 235-6

Now an oral or written agreement for the
rental of residential property is deemed to
include a covenant tlnd warranty by the
landlord lhtll the premises and common areas
of the apartment building will be kept in ti
condition that is not detrimental to tlte
tenant's life. health or safety. l'herelore if it
tenant is lllCL‘d wttlt any condition that impairs
his health. sttlcty or welfare the tenant is not
litnttcd to u Cl‘tllnl of constructive eviction and
can withhold his rent without litiiingto move.
Conditions which have been said to breachthe

limplied warranty of habitability include lack

of heat or hot water. inlcsttttion or rodents.
leaks in the ceiling. or lack of secure doors or
windows and peeling plttstcr on walls or
ceilings.

Where the landlord exhibits a wanton and
malicious disregard of the tenant's rights. the
tenant would be entitled to punitiye damages.
PUnlltH.‘ damages are issued in the torm of ti
penalty at a judge‘s or Jury‘s discretion with
the amount payable directly to the tenant.

7. Duty of Landlord to Repair. If an
apartment is located in a budding with three or
more apartments. the landlord has it duty to
keep the apartments in good repair and free
lrtlm rodents. other pests. and conditions
dangerous to health. The landlord's duty
extends to all repairs. including those needed
its ti result ol normal wear and tear. I‘he
landlord must he notiticd that rcparis are
needed before he htisti duty to tmikc them. life
tenant can make the rcpttirs himself and hold
the landlord responsible Iorthe costonly it'tlie
landlord and tenant agreed that the landlord
would ttttikc the repairs and. after being
notiticd oftlte need for repairs. he failed to tict.
II the luck at t'cpttirs. he failed to net. lfthc luck
of repairs creates il condition endangering the
ten.tttt Is health. stilt-t) or \vclltirc. the tenant
Ctlll withhold the tent.

 

.councﬂ
question

To the Edltor:

lntheASPof Dec. l3. l977.lhtﬁlt‘\\.l\ttc;ﬂl
for the revamping of the process by \\ lIIL'll the
Central Council Chairperson wits \L'lt't'lcd_ in
this article three council f0plcwtlltlll\t‘s
including myself. were quoted \\ hen ilhlxt'ti our
opinion about the election lust Mll)‘ of
Michael Lissner as Chairperson .tI (‘ctttmi
Council. These remarks Were not illtltit' \\lllt
tiny vicious intent behind them \II lllt’t “m-
were answers to questions llhht'tl ntl II\ in
Thomas Mttrtello, News Editot oi tut It!"

I)ttring my winter vacation. I tt-cttml .i
letter written by Michticl Lissnci III \\liltl1\l|,
Lissner expressed his opinions .thottt tIt\ role
as it Central Council Reprcscnintttt I I|\l hi
all. he condemned my remarks in thi- \Sl’
because 1 did not consult with llllll .thuttt my
opinions. Next he attacked tn_\ [it‘llillltltlllt't'
on Central Counctl. In this | .tll\‘-\ l \lt
Liss‘ncr with a question. What h l|I\ It'lt' uI .t
Central Council Representtitttc'

According to Mr. I issnet. lit-mm I ll.l\L‘
not tried to participate iti L'\L'I\ l |II\t'|\Il\
problem. I have failed III III\ t..\I. .» .I
representative. Well I tend to thtltt \\Illl \lI
Lissner over this isstte. I feel the plillltlt)
responsibility oletich l'L‘PrC\CllltllI\t l\ lulllt,‘
people he represents. lliis I\ not to m tIt.tt
representatives should Igtltll‘t: I lll\tl\Il- tulle
issues. | feel that they Ctlnlttil ht It'llt‘lttl In
any student and should l’iil\L‘ lilL' .tti. utt-tt at
C\L'r)' student. But it I leel than I t.|ll My mt
constituents directly by working on .t [‘Iuit'tl.
have 1 failed in my job as a rcptemtttttte'

This past semester 1 have unit ti titmlt
with Barbara Schoottmiikcr. llit l)ll.itl
coordinator of Sltllc Quad. with litt-
renovation of my quad. l'he two tll ll\ hung
with some other very dedictitcd pctlplt' litm'
been able to secure some llnl\L'I\Il\ with [All
the renovation of the Quad. I. .lltIlIt.’ titlll llIt'
others. have met with Neil Brown, .ltlllll tit-It)
and John Hurtigan to sectttc lilL'\L ti.tt.i~ In!
the residents of State Quad. |ht~ it.“ mu .1
very itttportant breakthrough In: ,t Quail
which has been buttered and .tlvm. it ~ tIItL
years. I take pride in the ttchtmm. it I llIl
fall semester and this \lt I  ml!
hopefully silence your L'UllllllL‘lIh wt
ti representative.

Mr. Lissncr. I am “tiling to «i 
accomplishments with you tit

 

Cutstitucnts btit 1 don‘t think \titl ttl

 

 

 

I
WOT
OCH

RAPE'

EXNOIU rou
WERE WW? mu
(ft/5T WA witty/Wt

PE F D .
EAtit/Gr FRAUD!

rower revue T0 TOUCH
W MEV/fAIPE/MO/I/Et/l

WT, IT'S HE
MW: 8660
RAPE?

a.

am it” We “rue-out n11

 

 

 

 

 

 

spec
Carey’s Budget
And What

14 “
an _ “A 1
- V" to
not“ ' 5 W us “’
us -‘
o

see centerfold

 

o Thudpucker Review

Look Out New York
It’s The Pearl!

0 The Classical Forum

0 Record Reviews

 

 

 

p.10a, Ila

 

 

 

 

 

- elnlbvtlhnonauul<laooitnuaubnua.t/a . M.

..._.......~.u...iuuiu..not...tuuiuuuiuuivtvu «-

 

 

