     
 

  
   
  
 
  
   
  
 
 
  
 
 
    
 
  
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
   
  
 
 

    

   
 
 

    

 
 
  
    
 
 
 
  
   
 
  
  
 

   
  

      

    
 
   
 

   

 
   
    

   

  
   
 
  
  
 
     
 
 
  
  
   
  
  

 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

 

‘I'Cfllled to give me the hill of charges ("'l’hey

Tittle-Dion. , V _ areroughlythesame astheywerepresentedto
. Ihtlvejustreeeivcd aeopy ofthetwoat-ticlu the CAFE Committee,” which was ordered
In the ASP (December 2, and Deccan," 5, out of theeaseas not competent. bytheSUNY
I977) on the front page! and I expect you —— Counsel's Office on June 4, I975). I had to
accordlrig to moral and legal omigatiom of spend. most of the time listening to Professor
responsible newsplpen _ to print my “ply vBirr's private telephone calls (thusl'lnding out
,. all “resume pop.e _ I why he never published) on the difficulties of
1 . Let me,“ stagt with a particularly his only son (I heard from‘these calls that be
characteristic passage of your reponingOnp. ‘ has one), on the problem of the Lutheran
:wo (Dec. 2, lo'n) [teamed about mygelt'thht synod which he tried to save from faltering;(l
Szoverffy said that became he is a free always thought that in the State of New York
thinker and frequently criticized what he saw "me was a m“million 0‘ 5‘3": and Chute“
as an overabundance of administrators in and thus church affairs are not related to any
relation to faculty, he and the department case. including "'0 LCibOWiIZ “1mm case
were expendable in the administration's 350m WhiCh we SPORCJVCHililWﬂsapliValc
mind." Good God. what will my colleague in conversation. . .) and when loffered to himto
Albany think about it? Undoubtedly, I stated consult my documents which I had in my
and I. repeat that the Department was ofﬁce he simply refused to scethem. So much
primarily attacked and dissolved because I for the value of the investigation which wasa
went with precise data supplied by sUNyA's violation of fair treatment and basic rights
Institutional Research,tothe New York State “"9" 90"! the '35- CONSIIIUIIOH “Id 5'50
Legislature with which I and a frequent undel’ SUNY TCEUIMIODS- II is "OISUI’PTISIHS
correspondence between October to, I975 to thatsuchareport based on lack of hearingand
Eebruary I976 (i.e. until the decision of documentation was kept secretfrom me,uplo
dissolvtng the Department of Comparative (hi-94W. Thisalsocxplﬂins Why PIOICSSOT Bi"
Literature recommended by the Spalelt was not Publishins; instead he servied as a
committee, including Dr. Vincent O‘Leary, "OUNC‘ShODICT 3'19 100' 0f "'5 SUNYA
acting president now. who a year before, Le, administration; I refer you to the ASParticle
on May 19, 1975 as chairman of president dealing with the failure of the Birr committee
Benezet‘s Presidential Priorities Committee 0" Ihe aPPOIIllmcnl Of a Dean 0f Social
warmly endorsed my Department under my Seicnccs (1 03" SUPPIY You Wilh ll Xerox COPY
chairmanship and recommeded _ as I did_ of that issue in which the ASP accused
too, — the strengthening of the Department Proms” Bi” or Playing games Wilh II“:
and the appointment of an outstanding recommedation of hiscommittceasafricnd of
scholarfrom outside <— that was endorsed also [he "'5" acting ASSOCIIIIC Dell". 0" behalf 0f
by Professor Peabodythe followinsycm'aftcr the Administration, in order to render the
he'was'hppointed chairman to handle the appointment ofthcacting[Associntc] Dcanto
Leibowuz tenure case which he did with the Immune"! Dean POSSIHC. Wthh indcﬂl
result what you now sec)but I never said thatl happened 0V" II“? Summer I973)-
was a fret: thinker. Apparently. your reporter SO I “W5 "0’ SW?" dm‘l’mt'aY-l‘ I’l' 1’19 Biff
who called me up in Washington. Dc. does Committee; I told it to your reporter on the
not know what the term “free thinker" phone but be omitted with the rest of the
historically means, "when; did he {nth | substtlntative filcts unddata lllltbesc. Tlnoihc
lamented (meaning Professor Kendall Birr. ""‘I’OVV'I'S Wl/W/t'J-V-
chulririltn ofthc Ad Hoc Committee so highly 2- NOWi 50m“ aII'PCCIS Olth LClbllWchmc'
llpprectatcd by your reporter (as It Professor II. The role of Professor Spillck: lie was ll
of American History, or pcrhaps the English regular voting (not “lldjunct“) member ol my
Department at SUNYA. that such nfauxpm Department since the reorgllni/nlion in
is committed by your reporter?“ Mllrcb l97l. and chairman in the l‘nll I97|
I | spokc'to him on the phone some eighty m- (“intcriin chairman“) illitil November |97|
ninety minutes. quoting dines, diliii and when I discovered that lie limited enrollment
documcntlttions which are not quoted but I" my only ICEU'i‘rlyimmlunCUd CIHSSIH CW1
What I dld not say is being attributed to me. to ten students, in ordcrtocut down my I" l'li‘
What an accuracy, indccd. . . So we him; to and. be was forced to resign, Ilcncc his:
take with a grain of Still (“cum snlis grtlno“) "Helpfulness" and "objectivity as Cllllll‘lllflll of
what ticsaid in these two reports its they the Presidential Task Force in February I970".
contain innuendtics, lies and twisted facts all He had consistently low enrollments botll to
readily supplied by Dr. l.cibowitzUt is by now his own Department and also Ill CWI (I bid
an oversupply‘ l hm hl‘rhid) sinu- [Jcccmhcr locuncclhis clusscs scvcrllltinlcsinCWl iislle
|975. i do not hike the imuhtc to singlc out Itnd four to six students clirolledlnnd I bad to
each statement to refute, I only poillt out that WWII IWL‘IVL‘ IO lil‘lccn hours its ('Wl
an of hcr accusations again,“ m._- are misc. clinirnnln from I972 to I975. io ilrtlt‘l'lt) m'lke
untrue ltntl clumsily rcpclllcd in document, "P (“r his “"d 50m” “m” PIIIIICSSWS' low
“her gmumcm whim“, _y»,,/,,m,,,',m pop/(quot. cnrollmcttis Its correctly stated by Professor
She simply does not know what the word I'Cllhlldl’~ Spillt‘k FUL‘UHHIH-‘Ililcd .I'Jr
“cVIdcncc” means. I have-xerox copicsol’sollic l-l-‘IPUWII’ ‘Vllh hill" ["7950 (1 llillc 1| C” y “l
l000 documents to refute all the charges hhd] his .lunc I972 letter to Dciin llllllsl’tclgclpll‘llt)
have ample evidence to show that the always listened to Splilek lo liisdctrimcnt)lliid
Department was (lihhtylvcd in mat-r it, then, bcforelllc December |il,I974 mcctingoll
eliminate inc as it critic :II It roitcn Dr. l.cibowtl/‘s lcntlt'c, be made “It: clcnl tlt'lt
administration which wasted llll.’ niolicyol lllc hL' WW "0 CINHWL‘ lilr hcl‘ (III: also culled ii
5”“. m New yurkl Dclm Schmidt in my prcscncc and llpllill'ullll?’
l.ct  sci: only it few facts llllscly stated in lIlcy hollt agreed on tItIslts I could gtlllicrl‘roln
tllc articles and also III the "secret" report of “‘0 I711" 0‘» lht‘ Ctlllvcrxuliml l hcltrd ot
the Ad Iloc (‘ommitlcc (ll President licnercl: SPIIICk'h hide) I“ if“ IL‘IIUWl In ildtliltonl
‘ l, goth you and the [indistinghmhcd ltltcrwzlrds, Professor Splilck lidmlttcdtliiit Ilc
gummntcc without legal “(nus qumcd voted against bcr( the voting \Vllhllllglllllsl [I
precedurltl and other irregularities. Ilow did did "9‘ V0“: “5 “Pullm‘ml l
the Committee come to this conclusion? [)id llldinillcdIyl’rofcssor Peabody] for lIL'f‘WlIIl' I
they give me a licllringand did lhcyinspecl my abstention [I)r.l.ing Chung told me ill
documents? Did they allow rm- ;yhd my hywycr advance that she would abstain from voiin
to study the documents and to cross-examine Whid‘ was her 3999 riIII“ “I “(III- “195 Wit“
1);, Lctbowity's unknown wimcsycs? Did they um I responsible for the refusal of tcnlirc of
supply mc whh a list of the charge“ hm) with Dr. l.cobowitr whcnllgninst such It solid block
the supporting documents? Did they tmhsmh l its ll chairman could not do anything iii the
(0 methelr final report? The answer igjn chch absence of strong arguments for ller favot’l
case “no.” This was not an inquiry, it was it l‘ulllcrinore, if I was the “bad boy" why did
were" (Mu/3mm, in which i was refuyycd any Professor Spillek Ville for my continued
hearing and I'm/gym, Bi", ,1“: only ["737", chairmanship in Mlly I975 liild on June I9
whom I saw or the committee 1,, Im'wm. I975. at meetings chaired by Dclul Schmidf
capacity (injury: is, 1973 hi | Wynn 55 343“ when l received two-thirds majority (iii fith
have the departmental logs on band) who more) with the vote of Professor Spalck who
spoke up strongly against the chairmanship of

 

Chairmanﬁnswers Discrimination Charges

Professor Alex Shane whom Dean Schmidt
wanted to'hoist on the Department of CWL?
Why is it that Professor Spalek is not an
"outlaw" and not attacked by Dr. Leibowitz'l
b. I told your reporter that is was not in my
interest to undercut Dr. Leibowitz‘s case as I
did not want to weaken the CWL Department
by losing precious line but was forced by her
weak publication record which-apart from her
book that- was accepted for publication in the
Spring I972 before coming to SUNYA and
was considered the basis for her
reappointment in the Fall I973 about which
the correspondence with Dean Schmidt made
it clear that the same book cannot serve us a
basis for getting tenure in the following year-
consisted of four primer] pages as a ram/I of
Iltrt'cycars afresean'hes 0! SUN YA and was -
if it is true- the only printed study by her even
at the reconsideration of Dr. Leibowilz's case
under the chairmanship of Professor Peabody
which ended in a rejection on all levels, with
the exception of Professor Peabody who at
that time did not even publish four pages yet its
his book-as far as I know-did not yet appear
(he was appointed full professor in I966 with
tenure without a line published if I am correct—
this was before my time).

c. I did not participate in the (second)
reconsideration in October I975 at all; I did
not even attend the meetings because of the
base, unfounded and unproven accusations
which she poured out against me. (She has a
peculiar idea of professional ethics, indeed). I
only protested to Professor Peabody against
the one day notice on tile first meeting plus
against the violation of the rules of
reconsideration. These rules ill that tilnc in
force specified that at any reconsideration the
candidate had to file her “new evidence“ with
lllt' Department (not IlIct-llairnian)by the l5th
of October and we dill not know (Ill'l'lllfllg
about Illt’ case until Ilw NM or It’ll/I 0/
October. Hence the reconsideration was
ilgilinst the rules, in fact in violation of the
rules which are now so dear to lllc llctlrl of Dr.
l.cibowiil. l'hc Department was unilaterally
rl-tm'l, without my cooperation as I was not
reappointed ill spite of two volts of the
Department in May and June I975.
Previously Professors Collins (“no”). Ling
(‘lillng ("abstain"), ()dcnkirclicn ("no"),
Spillck ("no"). Pcnhody ("yes"). Strclln ("no")
were the members, Now-lipilrt from mt: who
did not attend and do not vote, wcrc
Professor McLean (English), Professor
R obcrl (.il’CL'IIL‘ (I'rcncli), Professor
()denkirclien (double appointment), Ling
(‘bung lllld Professor Pcllhody (cltilirmlm
thus not voting). llic result was (ill my
absence) as l understand: three "nos",one
"yes" and ollc abstention. (I left out of the
"new" Department the illlilie of Professor

 

 

Beharriell. German). All the other levels
rejected her bid for reconsideration as she still
had nothing more published than four my;
apart from her book. H

d. I never violated any regulation. cotllritry
to what was said by the "secret" investigating
Committee of Professor Birr [set- above]. I
followed regulations to it letter anti I added on
January I975 a Procedural Rt'lltll‘l \\lllL‘ll was
forwarded to Dean Schmidt. She \ylil my
immediate superior and had she lttllllti that I
violated any rule, she should huic l’t‘JCLIL‘tl my
report fowardcd to her. She llcyci did ll. shc
passed it on to the College (‘oilimllluc which
over my protest never invcstignlcd lllt' rhllrgcy
which she produced against me bill mind unh
one abstention against her. Alli I mpunnhlu
for both? Thesame thing hltppctlcd .lt lltl: Icict
of the all-university commlucc whiff
kind of ridiculous argument is lllltl I could
inﬂuence them when I htld llgnlnst nn- Illt'
whole Administration for Lllllt'l'illly'
conditions ill SUNYA'.’ Dr. lclbouit/ \\.|\ .l
member of the SUNYA Sennlc Illlls ~lli- had

.knowledge before me of the constantly

changing regulations air (ll/ll!“ illlly II n
ridiculous that I withheld llny lllltlllltllllttll in
regulation. She bud them heliilc I lL'l’L'IH'll
them. I also duly informed llt'l .ihniii Ilci
cuiididacysas required by the lcgnlnlmnnn
December 3, I974. fifteen dil\\ lll'lillt‘ lin-
projected meeting. I Consullctl llt‘illl \illnnilt
whether the candidates ("1' to In lllltlllllt'ii
about the cxlictdllteol the mummy: ill Itol llt'l
answer was that the regulation piw iilmt iIll|\
a notification of Iotirtccn dnys III .nlynini
about the candidacy but llollilllp llliIlt Hull
.I’lll' Urtll‘rt'tl in .Illnilnry I9." ||l.t| lllt'
Department hold another iilccilnyl on fit. him
of any violation, I would Ilnyc lll u.“ amply

‘my duty) to cull another lllct-liny- I yin m.

Ilftt-r obtuiningtbc rcviciis oI llL‘l hunt unit It I
personally circiﬂlltcd to each young lllt‘lllllt'ld
Ilskcd each one-with lllt’ mutation at
Professor Pctlbody who “it‘s lll Linn IvI iI
whether they wanted Io hil\t.'i|llttllttl lltttllll}:
ncilltcr Professor szilck (Illitlsill llt.l.llll.lll
and former protector ol Di it’lllilttllJl not
Professor Collins (former L'llillltlt.ttl ml Int
SUNYA Seniltc illld SI'NI \i-nnmil .i-uu
it nor did tltc others. IliIIy lulu/n u 
tlnotllcr meeting.

0. Your l'cpnrlcr Sllpplt'\\ttl tin owl
important evidence: I told him lll.ll I i. ._ will
u letter from President l‘lCltls. il.iliit \tlL‘lhl
27. I975 ill which be cypln-lily \l.lliil that
President Ilene/ct t/l.\llll.l.\l'tl n/I .mmzw
ilgut'nrl Illt' (Ilul rtf/ult‘tl IN li'l/y‘H i’“
I‘i'l'tIIIIInt'ntItIIItIn tI/ lllt' .‘ltl I/m ( run/WI”
IItIlv tlllUlll I/Iii'." He also lldtlt-il tll.il ltn Innr
25. I975 letter by Ilene/cl um «tub -I
"personal" communication L'\lllt,'\\illL' tin
privitlc sentiment of uilllllpplnw ow ll“

    

“Don’t call me chief
“Great caesar’s ghost!”

“5‘”! the presses!”

  

Press are now being accepted.

ivcrsily ut Alhlln

Press to university groups and il

Lullt'rs of nuts! llt' '

 

 

All these tritejournltlist' ’
H t ‘ lc suyln s and man ' ‘ ‘ "
ll {flu [unwind in this fabulous (fiferl y' mﬁny mo“ um "0w hi yum
omlnutlons for tile Position of Editor-in-Chicf of the Albany SUM/W"

Ilcre are the requirements lllld responsibilities tlliit must be met:
I'I'lie ' -' - ‘ ‘ v ' '
Editor In thefsblill be ilfulltimc equivalent undergraduate lit the UH-

0 The ' -‘ . " .

Editor in éhlef shall be cillipowcred to represent the Album. Shh/0,“
. The Ediwpimcmcr shun h extra-university groups.
. - _ . ' 4 crcsponslblcforthe ire ' - - .~ 'I,
ilnd WIII rcwcw the publlcmmm cdimrim poucyll ctlonoflbi. IILW‘lpIIpL

pus Cenler J29no later IllanO'llo I’ M o ‘ " a a I

y‘, i . Humilan 1. 

nuns ll ill [7961141313 Sunday, I‘t‘llrlltlry [2, I978 1:81)?) iii?  Itltgiiitlit'rllll
to any Student Press Ilqﬂ'arc eligible Io vole. '

'10 Ilw ” ' IﬁII'Ior in (‘um-

 

J

         
 
  

  
  

. when... n.

“can..- ..l

 

affair nothing more. i.e.: it was a ' privileged
communication of the President to his
chairman. Thus I am all cleared of the charges
and the lack of due process on the part of the
Birr Committee renders their investigations
and results invalid and contrary to any legal
requirement. I never resigned from the
chairmanship because it would have been an
admission of guilt and l was guilty of nothing
except of attacking the SUNYA
Administration:

aa. in May I974 in an interview published in
ASP in which I complained that the
Administration neglected the Department of
CWL and did not give enough resources;

bb. in the summer and Fall I974 (see my
letter of September I974 to President Ilene/ct
and his reply of September lo, I974);

cc. in a six page letter to Vice President
Sirotkin on July 3, I975 in which | detailed
statistics about the status ol the (‘WI.
Department. about my own ovcrlond of
teaching, the number of students III my classes
SIIICL‘ I972 January (I have it copy of till the
enrollments since I became ilCllIlgCllilll’lllilll III
the Winter semester I972 through the Sunnich
School I976 proving that I ttlugbl llvclic to
llllCL'II hours as chairman and learned Ittosll)
tlllt.‘ third of the enrollment I- l I-. ol my
Department whereas otbt rs Iutil mostly much
less:

dd. In a three page lcllcr scttl lo lhc
Legislature od the State ol New York on ()c-
tobcr I0, I975 and in slihscqncnt col—
rcspondcncc with tllc l.cgislllluics lltltll the
end of February I976 when the ('WI
Department‘s dissolution \vlls ItlllllillI/L'll in
the completely false report til the Spillck
('ommltlcc: i

cc. III numerous clllllrmcn's
bclwccli I972 lo I975.

I. lbc reviews of thc lclboyylt/ book

ilil. there were too wts lll lL‘illlL'H (one
selected by Inc and illltllllL‘I'. ill lllL‘ request of
the (‘ollcgc Cuinlllillcc by l)t.'illl Schmidt). I cl
us hear what Dcnli Schmidt says Ill lch Icith
ol transmittal lo Prcsulcm Ilcllc/ct (dillcd III
In April I975):

"Ilit' llldglllt'lll o/ llt'l' \l/ltlltlHllI/l nIIIlI
lli’ll'.\.\tll'll_l l't'.\l llt'lll'lll on lll’l' lilmlt. lllllt‘ll.
ll\lt/t‘ /I'uIn tlIIt' tll'lltlt' In prim, ll lllt' .\(ll(‘
[Itiltliylli'tlIlInIt‘rinlli/ I’I‘ull'iiin' I l'lllilll 11:. (In
I'l'I't-inling lllt’ ll‘llt'l‘.\ iI/ lllt’ oullnli' t'l‘tllllllll'l \.
ltullt llltl.\'t' .y'tI/it'ill'illtl' lllt’t'lltlll’llltlll iIIIiII/lo.yt'
Il ltil'lt Illt' Pt'rxullnt'l ('iIIIIIIIII/t'ul Illl' ( 'iII/l'gt'
II/ .-lI‘I.\ tlIli/ Sl'lt'llt‘t'l il\l\l't/ IIIl' Ill I'l‘l/III'U. l
llml Iltul lllt' Ilt’gtllll't' I itlllllli’llll Inr I'll/ll l'Ig/I
lllt‘ pmillt't‘ l’l‘d'lliillllﬂt ll] lllt' Into/i. l/IIImI all
u/ l/It' I't'vl‘l'il'm /l'l‘/ Illtll .\llt‘ llll.\ Inn llltllli' tl
ugni/nmn t'tlllll'lllllllllll It'lllt'.\lllllt Ullltll'l'l/Il
lllt'tll'l'. Illtll lli'r ll‘tll'll ln‘ontlyt'y llltll'i‘ Illtlll ll
tic/ivory, lllltl IlIiII II I.\ lltlll‘t‘ll iI'Ini tlltI/ Illlli /I
n/ I/lI'/)l'l‘l'fllll.\' It'tll'li' Ill llII.\ arm... l/IIIII llltll
In'r t‘lll‘l't'll/ llt'llft'l't'lllt‘lll III \tlltlltll'.\llf[l tllltl
/Il'illlll.\t‘ o/ significant work In lllt‘ lllllll't' do
not Inn/ill Illtld’t‘ lifqlnlt‘ ll lllllllllt'l u/ lining
[It'll/llt’ in thy l)f\'l.\'ltlll... lllt‘l'i‘llllt' ..I
rut-ininni'nl IlItlI .l/Il' Iltll llt‘ lllllll'tll‘ll il
riInIiInting (l/r/ltllllllllt‘ll/ tll llII.\ I nIvt-I'iI/l.”
WIICI‘C is Itcrc ll lriicc oI lcblltlllSllIllll) till my
pnrt‘.’ Where is anything llbiilil llltlL'L‘tllIlill
Il'l‘cgulnritics or similar accusations“ llll\
|udgcmcnt is based clilllcly on llcnil
Schmidt‘s personal L‘\IlillilllD|l nod ll din-s not
cyclt mention lllc Dcpilltlllcnl's llcgntlyt- ion-
or my cvnlulltitill. lllcll. I must iISh. \illy \msl
singled out for oi. l.ctboult/‘s .lll.lCl\\(.l\ IllL‘
“secret report“ ofth Ad Iltit' ('itlnllnttcr must

be dismisst us (“I tlllt’lII/ll In [lliill lllt‘ out U/
Ilti' t'litIirIIItIIl.l'/lip and tlol illl obyucllyc
assessment of what happened Ill lllc

Department or was limit by me) \llIL'II the

Dean. irrcspcctivc ol what I and the

Department did or said. gives it height), in

incl tllc weigltlicst llcgllllvc rcconlulcndiltloll

to President BCIIL‘LCI.

g. The stunt: applies to Professor Slrclkil. he
never selected any evaluators and hi: lIL'ch
recomiliciided anyone. He oiin contacted, Ill
my request, It vcry distinguished ('ompllrlltlst
who supplied me a list on Ilillllcb. then Illskcd
the flltilrc Prcsidcllt of tllc American
Comparative Literature Association who
recommended some others. I picked them
rllndom. on the basis oflbcir sllitus lllid record
two. none of whom lcvcr llnd met iii illilt tililc.
Professor Strclkn has no responsibility
whulsocvet‘. .

3. It iii ridiculous to say that the l.cihowuz

iltct'lltlyls

 

 

 

 

  

case has anything to do withthc dissolution of
the Department; the Leibowitz case blew up
already before the end of April 1975 and thus
President Benczet could have acted against
CWL already in May I975 when various
programs and departments were phased out.
In fact. the CWL Department was put onthe
chopping block after I contacted the
Legislature of the State of N. Y. in October
I975 and my letter was transmitted to the
Chancellor and to President Fields by several
legislators; this comes clearly out from a reply
given to the Assembly Higher Education
Committee by Herbert Gordon, Deputyto'the
SUNY Chancellor for Governmental Affairs.
This document is in my hands; it was sent to
me from the Legislature just ll month before
Professor Splilek with Dr. Vincent O‘Lcary
and olhcrs presented it completely unfounded.
negative judgement on CWL:

a. file outside evaluators in December I974
giuc ll very favorable report on the graduate
program of (WI. and rccomnlcndcdbls I did
till the little) the appointment of a scholar
brought In from outside and the consideration
of a PILI). in Comparative Literature:

b. 0n Mnrcll Jlst. 1975. Vice President
Sillkcvcr. oil behalf of the Graduate Council,
rccommcmtlcd to the President the saline and
endorsed the CWI. Department its it core of
the Humanities Division;

c. the Presidential lilsk 'orcc under the
clililrnillnslilp ol Dr. Vincent 0‘I.ellry.
concluded on May l9. I975 tllllt tllc CWI.
Dcpurlnlcnl hiid it great potential,
iccomlllendcd its fostering nod descride me
its illl Internationally known scholtirzll retillcsl
l'lcsldcul (Henry III explain the discrepancy
hL'I\\L'L‘II the report of his (‘omllilllc on May I9.
I975 \\lllt'll was entirely positive, llild the
Spnlcly ('timlnlllcc Report on l‘L‘hlllill‘) 23.
1970. on which be solved lls Ii member. which
\llls t-Ilillcly negatlyc. l \\ttlltlL‘l' \\llL‘lllL‘l his
.lltltutlc III the mililcl’ I.\ consistent:
Iultlicrmorc. I wonder \yllt-tIu-i lllL' ('WI.

llcptll‘lniclll was rcsponsthlc lot any possible
dctctlol'lllloll \vbcll I has lowlny pill aside by
llL'llll.’ Iltll Icllppolnlcd - sec llboyc -. when the
Dcpllltitlcnl \vns unlllllcllllly tcolgllnl/cd by
llcutt Schmidt :lnd Ibc Adililnislltliloli llllillt.‘
\llgust l975 llltd lllc nicnlbcl’slycrc selected by
the \llillilllstraltlon; nlld \lllcn Professor
I'c.illinly was appointed unch sllnngc
L'lIL'lllllSlltllt'Cb. liltcr not llllvlng 2 cllnll mlm loi
two months til late Octohcr I975. How
is If that even in the summer of I975
(scc the Rollin-I II/ lllt' ('ll'l. I’Itlnnl'ng
('unnnntt't' bended by Professor Slulnc and
.lppolnlcll by llclln Schmidt ). with its August
I975 ICptlll (which I also blue) the Planning
t olillllillccltlIly'cndorscd ('Wlilslt \vlls.lllld.
\tlIIIL‘ suicn months Intel. under Profcssor
I’cllbiiily's cbllliinnilsblp it was declared
lIli/u'lt-il' Did I'lolcssor Pcllbotly ruin it, or
II (I\ l/Il‘ .Slnlll'ly ('iIIiIIII/IIt't' (I i‘uvt'r-II/I Hill for
llll' l.t'llltlll II: It‘lllll'l‘ t-tlxi'tll ilicss lol u Ilicli not
I bllt lllt‘ .'\tllllllll>ll’lllltlll ls responsible) lIII/
llll' Inl git/Iii: ll Il/l[II't'l‘th'tlll/ll. incllidlllgtbosc
about the culrllpllim il.\ reflected in the
chain men‘s and :ldllutuslriltol's‘ llppollitnlcnts
.lllil III the tilted sl-zllcll committeesllsivclltls ill
spending uciirly $7,000,000 on administrative
and ltllrclliiclilttc .ynllu'lus illtlllL‘ lckt‘llltllllg.
| thinly. seclclci'llll bclps. lcclllnculn. etc.)

Milt-c II Illimcdlnlcly Iolloiicd my

till i cspmldcncc with lllt' I.t'gIi/iIIlIrl'ttIIIIslncc

llli' I ctboylnl calsc mold Illlyc scrycd llllcildy

tl\ .Ill L'\Cll\t' lol its tllssillllllttll Ill .Illnc I975,

lit-lint- Ilene/ct lult, along the lllIlCl‘ plogrnms

:lilll schools. lllcrcloic it is clear tlillt ll ll'tl.\ (I

Ii'lIIlInIImI/ur lIll' .\ltlllll inIIIIIiI Iltt' flllll.ll'.\ it/

My .‘ItlllllIIl.Il/'(lllllll. Ill violation of l/It’

l-tIuI'It'cIlIlI untl I-‘irrl .‘llllt'lltllllt'llll uj lllt‘

t‘nIiiII’IIIIItIII. Everything else is bogwnsb.

I challenge both Dr. l.cihowitz to present
her documentary proofs (no “secret
testimonies", please) and the SUNY/SUNYA
Administrations to document their assertions
lilid the basis for their tleninl iilclildlng the
double standard shown by Dr. Vincent
O‘lcury ill May I975 and February I976. The
Sittii' of New York is a ItIItlll'ltIrlan slate and
IlIt‘ SUN Y conditions riﬂl't't IlIl'.l'. “Dissenters
otit, lllcy deserve no constilltionnl rights...“
This is tlle message through me. Read the
Art UI’ Report!

Professor J. Sloverffy

Life-time Faculty Exchange Scholar, SUNY

editorial

   
  

The Long Run . . ‘. ' 

The one bright spot in the lackluster tenure of Steve Di 1 4  as SA“

President was Student Dwellings, Inc. It was one of the few solid steps

ever taken in improving the off-campus living conditions of students. '-

and one that had a good possibility for long term success.

“ Lung term,” however, is not a phrase to be used when speaking about
Student Association. Like DiMeo, and countless SA execs beforehim,
Dave Gold had his own pet project — student unionization, not student
dwellings. So those venerable old buildings on Hudson Avenue, after a
year in the limelight, were relegated to the back pages of Central
Council‘s minutes. ‘

The eradication of over a year’s work and the loss of $l000‘cotild be
attributed to the insufficient mortgage offer; but the larger problem in
evidence here is a lack of continuity in student affairs in general, and as
regards SA business in particular.

A project as large in scale as Student Dwellings was cannot be
expected to survive the transition from presidential pet project to petty
annoyance. Full time attention is necessary if the corporation is to
surmount the legal and financial obstacles facing the development of
corporate-owned student housing.

Now that Student Dwellings, Inc. is a grand poorer, and far wiser for
thc'cxperience, perhaps SA will realize that long term beneﬁt can only be
accrued through long term responsibility and long term commitment.

. . . And Longer Hours

Yesterday's resolution to make the extension of library hours during
finals week a SUN YA policy is a breath of fresh air in an area where the
stench of distorted priorities existed last semester.

'I‘bc University Senate Library Council's resolution came after a
monitoring of the library facilities during the extended hours last finals
week. At that time, Library Director James Schmidt said that if the
study found that the library was being used as “merely a study ball"
during that time, he would favor eliminating the extended hours.

Wcll,’ thc study found that the library is indeed used primarily for
studying during finals week, and the council decided—very sanely—that
keeping the doors open late for studying is beneficial to students.

Making the extension SUNYA policy ensures that students will be
able to study and use the library facilities every finals week without
worrying about whether some budgetary problem or the whims of a
library director will abruptly lock them out.

 

é 

SHIN”. RMKIIO lililur-l‘n-(‘ln‘t-f
.IDNAIIIAN Illinois Illuniigl‘ni: liliior

I‘lioout'riolv MANAUIJI
Jciinnc Jily
I’urlrnUp
Rich Pull/ll. Stephanie Sherman
.lnmic Rotllinnn, Laurie Stlldwell
I/t'ull Irwin
Jody Wilner
Twists
Lynn Lollfcr, Lallri- l.csko
Lorninc Libertore. Steve Mailer
Dilute Morrison, Diunll ()ruci
Anty Phillips. .loiln Silvcrblilll
Adelil Slelrer. Sue Miller

Ntws I-lnlioit
Ilioiilils Mllrlcllo
.‘lddtlt'lflll‘ Nt'll‘l Editors
Mllltllcw Cox, .lilI llllbcr
Molly .-l.i.ii.iIIiIiI
l.llllill Scllrlltlb
Sporty l;‘llI'IiIr
liddiv linlerinnn
i'i\.\llt'lllll‘ S/mnl [Lillltll
lticll Scllgson
lLtlllllrllI/ l’tth'l'i Iztlilitr
.Ion Lafayette
lillliitt Nt'lt‘.\

Ilt'slulss Manama
Walter Illoriitnlt
Ill/ling l)('[llffllllt'lll
Carol Comm, Debby Yelln
I‘tIrrull ,tlilntnlt'r
lillcn l‘mc
.-Itlvi'rII.lIIlg iIIiIIltIgl'I
lIruill ('illlill
.Siiliu l'l'rltnIIil'l
Mth Aldon, Rlcll Melinclslcin
(lilMl/lt’tl ,‘It/l‘t'f'lldlllg
David I'lilllips
‘ltl Iuyqu

 

Kclly Kltll litllllc (illlsei ('mn/Itlri'liini
). . ' , s
Ar] (..mlnhihhm [yummy pun. Illl Mc(Ilyllo, Amy Souls
(‘uInt-ril

Ilclcilc llulilol
xll' illuntlgi-ri
Slunrt Starr. Izllcn Mliisilcn
Morgue
Sandy Robinson

Ilcnc l'lllllill, Iivuti l'iirttilsky
Debbie Kopl. Klilliy Qllctll)
(l/flt'i' Std/j
Mtlrk Ilrlltluilurd

Dich Kiiplow, chf l.cvilnn
(imp/tic rilll
Rick lllunl

Slur Wlliu‘lts: Slcvc llrllcket, Mike l’ricd, Ken KuriI, Md. Memniotl. Jerry Mikorendil,
Villcric Molliulro, Milkc I'cllrlmun. Dennis Scbcycr, Aron Smith

ESTABLISHED NM

The .Alllmny Slutlt'nt Prints l.i [Illhll.\lll‘tl over y Tuesday and fritlay during the school year by the
Albany Sllttlt‘lll l’rt-lr (‘iIr/iurrnitnl. an Independent IltII-ﬁir-proﬂl organizatlon. Ediwrlal
policy ts determined by Illt' EtIiIur-I‘n-Clllt'ﬂ and is wider! to review by the llluilhead Slaﬂ.
Mailing lull/rm: Albany Student Press. (‘C 129 I400 Warhlnglon Ava, Albany. NY l2222

 

 

Albany srudcnr pncss coupon rion

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

 

Sl'lil’llliN DleIyNitA 0 Sl-llNi'i. RAGGIO 0 0mm. lene‘s

 

 

;.- 

N... -.-~.

     
    
    
    
     
   
    
     
   
   
   
      
     
  

.x—v

w r- wag”.

:. gain-w

  

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
    

