 

 

. moan»; gays-{eye ‘ﬁtLMSSV‘: ‘

 

.V b... .7, «\..~..n_.av..«_ . ,

“mug-“.5. my.“ “3. :

t
t

. .oa 1'. mm”: ma. 

 

    

 

 Callers...‘ w I ., . . ,,
Albany Student Press: 1 Could you tellus
nifew,’ thing's about-your days with
' *Flfeetwood'Mac} seinenntemoriest r '

Iol‘i'rWelelI: I just rememberilot of hard
ZIWork,'rn'ostly.~.I joined them'in l97l and at

had been for‘two-years previously. I969
and I970. they had been a really big band

something similar to what has been going

States; just Europe. Mainly because the
leader of the band at the time was Peter
Green. Peter Green left, and when I
joined them. the second guitar player,
Jeremy Spencer, had just left. The whole
thing was in sort of a bewildered state. I
remember the ﬁrst gig that we did was
totally chaotic. It was this big open-air
festival in Holland. we just went on stage
and halfway through the set we were all so
drunk we forgot all the numbers. We just
jammed for 25 minutes. We wound up by
Mick kicking over the drums. and we
werejust hanging off the rafters. We were
gurgling with beer. In those days things
were a lot less under control. You can't.
really jam for ‘25 minutes today, unless
you‘re a jazz-type thing. It was the tail end
of the hippie days. the Fillmore East and

West; there were eight bands on the bill

By DAVID KORN
would say that 65 per cent of
‘ ‘ people that go to school here
are fairly introverted people.
The thing that makes me a
little more outstanding than
others is that I‘m an exact extrovert.“
Chuck Williman, 48. is a SUNYA bus
driver. But by the students who daily ride
Chuck‘s bus. he is looked upon as not a
showman W a human being with a
charisma.
Whenever the bus is crowded orjam~
packed and more people still to fit. Chuck
does not say, “Step to the rear," like most
bus drivers.
Instead Chuck‘s voice rings out Ill his
upstate drawl. “C‘mon gang. double file
in the aisles gang. Touch a stranger attd

It makes them so that

meet a friend.“

Chuck was born in Delmar. a suburb of

Albany in I929. Both his parents died

when he was young and he had to quit

school in order to work when he was lo.

"I had a pretty rough childhood. We

were very poor."

Chuck held a variety of jobs. including

' a stint with the Army. before finding his

way to SUNYA.

"Joining SUNYA was a chance of a

lifetime. . . I like thejob. . .llikcthe

people here. They treat me good here."

Chuck works from l0:l0to 6:20and he
considers these hours “ideal”.

k “I love to work. but I don't like getting

PAGE 4A

 

:the timeﬂtliat I»joined. Fleetwood Mac >

in England. They were going 7 through »

on the last‘couple'of years, but not in the ‘

and everybody was smashed out of their

     
 

_ p ‘ g .V mindilt'wasalot more fun; today things
is performer last _11tu'rs'dayjnight.at‘

 

are more professional.’We used to get lost
' in the-weeds. Nobody knew where the gig
was; .
‘ASI’: What did you do in the time period
'between Fleetwdod Mac and “French
Kits?” 1 ‘ v ,
Welch: Reallthhe only thing I did was
this group called Paris. They started up
about six months after I left Fleetwood
. Mac. I left in January of I975 and for the
first six months I really wasn't doing
anything but I had gotten word of this guy
called Jimmy Robinson who was a
producer and engineer and also a very big
hard rock fan. and Jimmy and I just sort
of went out together and we started
making demos, at home mainly. He said.
“ Let‘s do a hard rock band,“ and Isaid, “I
don't know." But then I said o.k. So. I
called up Glenn Cornig who was living in
Germany at the time playing with some
kind of German band. I asked him if he
wanted to do some hard rock and he said
'yeah so it just sort of started up for a year
and a half until the close of I976. I did
Paris for two albums; we went through
about three managers and a whole lot of
headaches. It was insane. There was some
good stuff on a couple of those albums.
but Paris just never really jelled.
ASP: So. Paris broke up, then what was
your inspiration I0 do "French Kiss?"
Welch: Well, Paris pctered out. Our last

up in the morning.“

“One satisfaction of thisjob is that I get
a chance to help a lot of people. People
are always coming up to me to ask me all
kinds ofquestions. Ienjoythat. lthink it‘s
nice. I wish everyone wanted to help
everybody else. we would have a better
world."

“I don‘t like nobodyjam-packcd on the
bus. My concern is that it's cold ottt there.
What upsets me is when I can‘t get
everybody else on.“

Basically most SUNYA students are
good people. But there arcsorne.about 25
per cent. who are nasty and arrogant. . .
people can get really nasty sometimes.
calling tne four letter Words.“

Chuck is a person with many interests.
He likes to_travel ttnd he has been going to

"I think dope is the worst thing to happen to this
generation. I have friends who smoke dope. . .

they don’t care — the

why-should— I- worry attitude. ”

Florida for the last eight years duringthe
Christmas recess.

Chuck is also interested in motorcycles.

"I like biking it's a lot offun. I own a
‘77 Yamaha 750. ldo a lot of ridingin the
summer. I usually ride 7,000 to 10,000
miles in the summer. People say that a
man approaching 50 shouldn‘t be doing
these type ol'things. but lthink that age is
a state of mind."

Chuck has also takcrt various
vocational-type courses at Hudson Valley
Community College. But lte has no
desires in taking any liberal arts courses

and he is not jealous of the kids that ride politics v of

his has going to college.

manager wanted me to 'move to New
York and organize a bandwrth me as the
main singer and writer. He wanted me to

still call it Paris. I thought about it and -

quite honestly, the energy and
momentum had gone out of it for me. I
just decided to say to hell with it. In the
interim I had been writing a lot of stuff;
I'm writing all the time. I had a lot of
material in October I976, and Capitol
records said they would support me in
anything I wanted to do. I went into the
studio in I977 and played it for producer
John Carter and he liked it. So, we
recorded it. We weren't worried about
what it would be called; it could have been
Richard Stupp and the Voidheads. John
knew Alvin Taylor who played on all the
tracks except for “Sentimental Lady.“ We
kept the session men to a minimum if I
could play most of the instruments it
would save time. Then after it was
recorded it wasdccided that it would have
my name on it rather than a group name.
The album could have been called Paris
Three, it could have been called Bob
Welch and the Sr'hmatar.

ASP: I remember reading that you said
Ihal most of [he songs on "French Kiss”
were the type of thing that you would
want to turn on your radio and hear.
Welch: Yeah. There are two kinds of
listening; one is three o‘clock in the
morning headphones or space-out stuff,
where you‘re really listening. The other

I kind of 'thing is where most people.
'- including gm. are not cancentrating 100

per cent but you're riding around in your
car and they‘re just there. You go home
and put a record 'on 'and you‘re doing
something else‘. It's the kind of stuff that t
like to have going on. I grew up with thosc
kind of songs. Ifyou want to call it "pop"
or rock, I wasn‘t thinking about how
meaningful they were going to bc.
ASP: What about Fleetwoml Mm- [loin]:
on "Sentimental, Lady?”

Welch: Reprise released it back in ‘72 oil
of Bare Trees. Forone reason or other the
record just didn‘t become a hit. the new
version is different, everyone is six years
older. I guess the audience was ready for
it. I think the new version is room
modern, fuller and richer.

ASP: How is the tour going?

Welch: We‘re going to continue \rtth
Dave Mason for the next few weeks IIIL‘ll
we aredoing an outdoorjam in I../\. lhc-t
we are going Ollt with Eric t‘lnpton
followed by the Jefferson Starship tour,
ASP: What unﬁt-our plans/or I’lt' /Itlm‘t'.'
Welch: Sometime within the nest \i.\
months we will go back into the studio.
but nothing will come out until nc\t lull
If you pttt out two albums a your you gel
burned. a lot of work goes Into crtch
album. I'd rather have fewer albums out
and have them more solid. I don't \\:llll
l'risbce albums given out by the Ilimg
Record Club.

Hey Chuckie-baby, Have You Heard This One?

 

Chuck Wllllmln

“I wouldn‘t be jealous of somebody
hecomtng President ofthc United States
who rides my bus."

Chuck says that things have changed
overthc years since he's been here.
H“Ih'rngs have gotten more hectic . . .
II he kids look younger each year. maybe
its because I'm getting older.

Chuck's political and social views are
conservative. (He considers himself a
conservative Republican and he likes the

Ronald Rea an
Goldwater. g and "my

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

“I think dope is the worst thtntl I”
happen I lthis generation. I have Ittcmh

WI Itrtmkc dope . . . It makes them w
that to .y don‘t can; ihc why-Hiltlllltl‘l'
worry attitude —-» they live in that
attitude.

Chuck also says that. “What's wrong
with this country is that parents are hm
liberal."

Cltuck says that he is not conservutnc
on all subjects.

"I'm liberal on drinking.“

FEBRUARY 24. 1978

 

   
   

 

 

 

 

 

Ey DENNIS SCHEYER
And TRUDI LESSER
ripIe-billed concerts are an
interesting phenomena. Back
in the days of the Fillmore
East Bill Graham used to put
three' supergroups together
and charge four dollars for a five hour
show. Today in the money-controlled
world of rock'n'roll, things are different.
We get occasional triple bills but usually
only the main anist is anywhere near
super.
Some good triple bills ofthc past that
are easily recalled include Jeff Beck.
R.E.O.. Speedwagon. and Jan Hammer.
and the Outlaws, Rusty Weir. and the
Ozark Mountain Daredevils.

This is all in getting to the subject ofthc
Dave Mason. Bob Welch and Clover
concert last Thursday night at the Stena
College Fieldhouse. The show was
produced by Richard Cohen, who rcnts
out large halls (usually college
fieldhouses). books three top bands. arid
not only comes out ahead bucks wise, but
the audience even gets a first rate show.
Why. the seats are even reserved!

Clover came ottt on stage right on titnc.
They opened with the best cut from their
second album. “Love On The Wire." a
remake of the old Rick Nelson hit.
“Travelin‘ Man.“ The vocals sounded a

little like Dave Mason (purely
coincidental).
Their music was basic bttt very

listenable. An accapclla version of Sam

2 Cooke's “Chain Gang" further showed

their line vocal abilities.
The group consists of: Alex Call. lead

' vocals and guitar; Huey Louis. lead

vocals. harmonica; John McFee. lead
guitar. slide and pedal steel, Clambotti.
Fender bass; Sean Hopper, keyboards
and percussion and Tony Bearnagcl.
drums. The rendition of “My l-Iearts

 

 

 

FEBRUARY 24, 1978

 

’4 e? Seemed

Under F ire" the latest single, was true to?
the recording which is a hard thing to
accomplish in ﬁeldhouse acoustics.

They closed their portion of the show
with “Child of the Streets” which was
dedicated to Muhammad All. The
audience seemed perplexed as to why
Clover cared. In any case it was a good
performance, considering the audience
came to see Welch and Mason.

Hardly anyone doesn‘t like Bob
Welch. “Sentimental Lady" is one of
the best love songs ofthc 70's. and French
Kiss is a large seller these days. He lived
up to his reputation.

Welch came on stage with a competent
group of sessionmen (he does not have a
permanent group). including: Todd
Schurfc on guitar. (icorge Amaron on
acoustic guitar and Alvin Taylor on
drums.

Welch opened his set with “Mystery
Train" and “Easy to Fall." both from
French Kiss. Both were faithful
renditions of what is contained on the
album.

The audience came alive when Alvin
laylor pounded out the rhythm to the
Welch composition and Fleetwood Mac
favorite, "Hypnotized." Welch obviously
enjoyed doing material that he had
written in the past. This was shown when
he did a song he wrote when he was with
Paris. called “Big Town.“

Then the lights dimmed, and from the
first chord of “Sentimental Lady" to the
last. the audience was silent. This version
featured a longer guitar solo than either
ol Welch‘s previous versions.

“Danchiva” and “Ebony Eyes“ rounded
out the set. which would have been
average. it it wasn‘t for an cngergetic
encore of the Welch/ Fleetwood Mac
classic “llcrntuda 'l'rianglc.“ Welch
showed that while he is not the

    
 
 
   
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
   
  
  
  
  

 
 

consummate artist, he is a damn good
songwriter. and an intriguing singer to
bobt.

It was now two-thirds of the way
through a triple bill and the audience
wasn‘t checking their watches; definitely
a good sign.

Following a long intermission, Dave
Mason and band appeared on the stage.
Mason almost caused himself a major
image problem with his two-record
Certiﬁed Live set. (It was released too
close to Framptan Comes Alive.) The

  
   

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

problem was compounded by the tact
that Mason never had a hit single no
matter how hard he tried; and his fans
liked it that way. However,“Let It Flow"
‘has turned into a minor masterpiece and
“We Just Disagree“ had hit written all
over it, so his fans made an allowance
and accepted the good music.

show. Mason opened with “Share Your
Love." He cxpcrienccd some minor guitar
problems which were quickly elirrtinated.
"Feclin Alright" came next. It is one of
Mason‘s biggest songs. eventhough Joe
Cocker did
Mason‘s version was appropriate this
night for it appeared that he was enjoying
what he was doing. His stage presence
was real — he even sntiledl

given a ﬁne treatment. and when Mason
pulled out the old twelve string Ovation
we knew we were in for a treat.“We Just

it‘s good to sing along to.

a Reason" and “Let It Flow.“ He was
giving the audience more than their
money‘s
as was
featured a cooking funky guitar solo by
Gerald Johnson.

the concert was the best seen in this area
this year. It made the concertjust a little

guitar and Gerald Johnson on bass.

  

The same atmosphere reigned for this

the definitive version.

“Pearly Queen“ and “So High“ were

Disagree“ is the deﬁnitive love song, and

Mason‘s voice was strong on “Give Me

worth. “All Along the
Watchtower“ was given a good workout
"Gimme Some Lovin" which

The lighting for the Mason portion of

tnore enjoyable although it was the high
quality of the music that carried it.
Mason's band (as best as one could tell
the names from Mason's announcements)
consisted of Bobby Wright on keyboards.
Ron Reed on percussion. Rich Jaeger on

A ﬁrst encore of “Only You Know and
I Know" was followed by another, but the
audience was too drained for a third. It
was an excellent triple bill. slightly
hampered by the fieldhouse acoustics, an
insurmountalbe problem. Richard Cohen
is to be congratulated on bringing
another fine concert to the Albany area.

PAGE 5A

 

 

 

 

 

 

*‘TV'VV‘L' .-

-....__..t.* ,,‘_. ‘ g g

