 

mll"1' any map; .» _

as.-.“ ......,E ﬁx. .

 

SEPTEMBER 15, 1973

Aspects Profile |'

 

 



BUNYAim on Bars,

 SEPTEMBER 15, 1973 ‘
. ‘;

 

elcomes you back ‘Wt .
the best & most consistent
rock & roll in the capital

 

district.

T
BUNZ act. 10-14
Specials Galore

Weds.- bar-stirred dr' ks 50"
'l'l-lUBS.- all bottled linger 50"
(Molson s. Lowenbrau, Michelob,

Miller. Schlitz,Schlitz Lite
' l‘n.‘ Happy Hours 8 ’til 1

25 Morrison Ave, Troy'
lO MINUTES FROM ALBANY
TAK mor EAST OFF 7.37 atom '
(BEHIND THE iLlUM Apia.

SUNYA Music De

The University Chorale
Openings : All Sections

Britten, Haydn, “Verdi Requiem ”

. The University Singers

Openings : Tenor and Bass
Bach, Britten, Vaughan-Witams, Madrigal:
academic credit available

partment
invites the participation of Students, Faculty, Staff

 

Contact D. H-. Guidotti 457-6889, 457-6868

 

Speaker’s Forum
Weekly Meeting

Monday
September 18

late night walkthrougha quiet

Washington Park spills you

out onto the corner of Willet

and Madison. and you're

drawn by the old bricks and
warm amber-brown glow through the
window of tlte Lark Tavern.

It‘s cold outside but it looks all wood
and dim lights inside, the kind of
atmospltere that wraps around you and a
belly-warming glass of some ﬁne old
elixer and gives you a place and even a
certain amount of companionship when
you're alone.

J.M. Rally

Every bar has its own subtle butstrictly
observed set of rules for social
interaction, its own etiquette, that‘s never
made explicit, but is taught through
cxantpl ' and subtle intimidation. The
Lark is no different, it‘s just that some of
the younger bar crowd may feel
particularly out of its element because the
Lark usually has an older and more
varied crowd than bars like O‘Heany‘s,
the Washington Tavern, and certainly
Sutter‘s uptown.

A sttre tip that there are ground rules
ltere is that the bartenders speak in lingo,
so stay a little conscious when ordering
your first drink to avoid something like
this:

“A chablis, Please.“

“Up or on the rocks?"

“A glass, please."

"UV or ()N THE ROCKS?"

“Uh, uh no rocks, thanks...er, up."
And if you buy a drink at the bar and go
sit in the back section, and a waitress
comes by, lifts your drink and very
elaborately sets it back down ona napkin,
then says, in a very challenging way.
“Thank You,“ you know that you'vejust
learned another ground rule: lfyou sit in
the back, you buy your drinks from the
waitress.

 

Lark Is Fit: For ﬂll

Many of the people in the Lark onqu
nights look like they belong in those
rooms. There‘s a lot oiltead bobbing and
rocking going on, and probably a fair
amount of appreciation of what the
musicians are doing up there.

The crowd in the bar is a varied one, as
though all the people who don‘t reallyfee]
at borne in any of the other local bars
come here to hang out. There‘s the usual
assortment of shaggy heads, beards, and
lrizzy hair one finds in college town bars,
but there is more gray. There‘s the big
black guy with the beard, pipe, and
sandals, the eternal grad student or
maybe a poet. There are the law students
with their short hair and beards, beat-on
corduroy or tweed jackets and
polysyllabic conversations. There are the
sixties throwbacks in old dungaree,
slightly balding but still with a vague look
in their eyes, perhaps wondering if things
really have changed, certain they‘ll
change back again, And there are those
whose appearances do not speak as
coherently of what they are, those who
have been through trying to look like
what they wanted to be so often that the
whole thing has collapsed around them,
leaving them clad in the clothes and
expressions of'sevcral differerent eras and
attitudes.

But J.R. slides in his shades and blows
it long and high, the light glinting off his
dark green lenses, and everything scents
to fit, the music, the people, the little
square tables and cafe chairs, And
everybody seems conscious of the fit, of
thecommunity that scents to springout oi
the very fact that nothing seems to go
together.

There‘s the old guy who‘s saying
something with his embroidered
dungaree and leather satchel, a bandana
wrapped around a stubbled neck, fits
even though what he‘s saying hasn‘t been
heard since l970, and even then it was
getting pretty faint.

aving spent ten minutes trying
to locate room 309 of the
Performing Arts Center, 1
knock tentatively on the door
. of room 3|0 and enter to the
welcome sight of the numerals 309
staring at me from the door of an “inner
sanctum.“ Alter a brief wait in the
reception area, 1 am finally seated in
room 309, its warm decor dominated by a
baby grand piano and by the
commanding figure reflected in its
surfaces.

 

Robin Jacobson

 

| remark upon the obscurity of
administrative offices at SUNYA. “I‘ve
kept a low profile,“ Father Thomas
Culley who ltas been chairman of the
Music Department for one year chuckles
in a Well-modulated basso.

However, one gets the distinct
impression from the poise and the
dynamism of the man, that his comment
is far from the truth.

Musical Education

()klaltoma~born, Fr. Culley began his
study of the piano at the age offive. lntltc
summer of 1945, he was awarded a
scholarship to the Chautauqua Music
l‘estival, studying with James Friskin of
J uilliard.

After hiin school, he studied at Juilliard‘
oit scholarship wiltt Olga Samaroff—
Stokowski (Leopold Stokowski‘s first
wife) until her sudden death two years
later. (.‘ulley says that, in her time, she was
considered "the grande dame of piano
teachers."

Madame Stokowski had once been a
great pianist, but in the I930‘s sheinjured
her wrist and could no longer perform.
Culley believes that this was to her
student‘s advantage because she never
"showed" them how to play, but rather,
made thcnt think about and research the
music, thereby promoting self—sufficiency
and eventttal self-instruction.

Fr. Culley became a Jesuit priest in
I950. At that titne, he did not think he

Heavenly Music

reputed to be “Philistine” in its attitude
towards fine arts.

However, after seven years as a priest,
he was asked by the order to study music.
He received a Ph.D. in Musicology from
Harvard, writing his thesis on the
(icrman College in Rome during the 16th
and l7th centuries (a school run by the
Jesuits).

It was during his tenure at Harvard,
Culley said, that he realized how,
previous to the period he was studying,
the arts had been totally suppressed by
the Jesuits, and that even now, the arts,
are given a very low priority on the order‘s
list. 0

This realization figured considerably in
his decision to teach at a secular
institution: “I think [can do more good in
a job like this than 1 could trying to i
convince the entire Jesuit order of the
importance of music."

“I think that the artistic experience is

the nearest thing toa mysticalexperience.
The ttltimate mystery would be the divine.
lhe next tnystery that we‘re confronted
with is creation, and the most mysterious
thing about creation is people.“

“And the highest manifestation of the
human spirit which we can in some way
understand, or the one that directly
affects its most, I think, is the artistic
expression. So in my mind, there is some
sort of link between theology and art, in
that art cannot really be explained."

When asked about any plans he might
have for the Music Department at
SUNYA, Fr. Culley spoke of the
formation oi a graduate program. “The
problem,“ he says, “is that such a
program cannot duplicate any which
already exist elsewhere in the SUNY
systcnt. One option to consider would be
the newly-proposed humanities option in
the Master of Arts in Liberal Studies
program.“

“It's become so difficult to get ajobas a
musician,“ Culley continues, “that I
would like to think that the shape of the
graduate program would be such that we
could train people in the things which are

f \v

Father Outlay says he’s kept a low profile (Photo: Laura Vlecuel)

performance to the extent that the person
is capable of it. And then I think that
there should be courses that would open
up possibilities other than solo
performance; arts management, museum
curatorship, recording, the construction
of instruments, etc."

“Almost everybody i know is a closet
harpsichord builder,“ he claims. “I would
like to build one myself except that I‘m
afraid that i would cut off a thumb and
then be unable to play it.

"To a certain extent, the traditional
degrees in most disciplines these days
don‘t do you much good any more, so I
think that Dean Shumaker‘s (who is the
Dean of Humanities and Fine Arts) idea of I
the non-traditional degree is brilliant,“
says Culley with enthusiasm.

When questioned about his philosophy
of education, Fr. Culley says he believes
that the pendulum is swinging toward a
return to the “liberal arts" education. “I
think,“he notes, “that the problems of
corecurriculum could be solved if the
required coursed were taught by the best
professors and were the most prestigious

for students and faculty as well as for use
by publictelevision. He says thatthe Ford
Foundation has offered substantial sums
of money for video productions with
artistic content as an incentive for people
to create material to replace violent
programming currently being aired.

support for University arts programs,
Culley describes President O‘Leary as
“very interested in having the arts as
visible as possible on campus.“ Witness
the modernistic metal sculpture currently
on display on the academic podium!)

in a recent meeting of arts department

“What is a musician about?" Oulley's
response is that the experience of an
ordinary person with a musician is
impersonal. The person doesn‘t often
know about the musician as an individual
or even much (if anything) about the

impression of perfection in performance

techniques puts the live performer at a
disadvantage because he must attempt to

would be able to pursue his musical really necessary to be any type ofserious courses in the college.“
studies because the Jesuit order was musician: history, theory, (and) “For a long time, it was one way of live up totheillusionthat he isperfect. He
ensuring an enrollment for dull asks us to remember pianist Vladimir
professors, to give thetn Latin 1. Physics I, Horowitz‘s observation on his “flawed”
Mathematics 1, and therefore, people performances: “l'm very good when l
were turned off to these subjects from the practice!"
very beginning.“ Fr. Culley has a proposal for solving
“You really can't understand Mozart this dilemma: "if we ever had the
tunless you understand the cultural money, I would like to have a concert
lambiance in which he worked,“ says series where a quartet would come and
,Culley to exemplify the need for a spend a week here, do a videotape, a
diversified education. master class, let people sit in on alive
I President ()‘Lcury, Vice President rehearsal, talk to the people, etc.“
Martin, Dean Shumaker, and a great “Of course, that takes money because
number of faculty have, according to lf'amous performers don‘t have that much
Culley, “seen the real necessity of taking ‘time. They have to play something like
ntusic out to the people (and) getting l50 concerts in year to make a living as
education out of the ‘lvory Tower' “ via professional performers."
public television, radio, and by giving Ans 0.1mm]
concerts in the parks and libraries, in the “We‘re very fortunate because we have
Mall, in public schools, and in nursing the President, the Vice President, andthe
homes and hospitals. Dean all personally interested in fine arts.
Culley believcstltntthereisa large and. That‘s a risk on their part because
as yet, mostly untttpped audience in cvcrybod y knows that when
continuing education, and that the arts retrenchments and cutbacks come, the
are the most accessible disciplines to the arts are the first to go.“
mass audience. Contrary to what would be expected,
“If this ‘Community Outreach‘ thing Culley said. uWe‘re being encouraged to
succeeds,“ he observes, “maybe we can expand. So I think this department and
succeed in building up in this country the students who are interested in thearts
some sort of cultural situation such as are crazy not to take advantage of this.
that which exists in Europe, where you “And,” he conclude with an inscrutable
'. . ' can go to the opera for fifty cents." smile, “if you cart be this optimistic on a
' i ‘1 ' I ‘ l’r. Culley would like to use videotape Friday afternoon of the second week of
CUIWV “Udhd mu'lc 3‘ Juuuﬂd- lfphom LIUI'I “"7".” for campus performances as experience school, you‘re doing very well!"

But once you make it over the first few And the stooping little physics student
hurdles and start getting a feel of how with his calculus books and knit pants,
things are, once you get beyond your slumping against the wall with a beatilic
initial juvenile self-consciousness and look on his face, listening to whatthc has
settle into a table near the stage in the is saying, fits too.
back, a bit of the atmosphere you were And in some apparentley absurd but
after begins to filter back in. subtly cohesive way, the bunch in the tics
l‘ortlte past few Weeks,theatmosphere and lipstick, trying so hard not to be
has been particularly thick on Sunday intimidated by the atmosphere and the
and lucsday nights, with J.R. Montrosc music, and the braying fool in the corner
and company blowing somejazzthrough who'll probably defend one of them in if

 I ;| the bar that calls for damp brick walls, malpractice suit someday, all fit,

W  sunglasses at night and smoke tilled You get the feeling that a lot of the
- l' ) .', .
(“om ('(mlmucrl on page 7!!
“ ECK Th Disco ' ” " '
- 9 very 0' Life

Topics will include: Psychology of ECKAMKAR
Philosophy of mm
MUSIC and ECK

8 pm.
Campus Center 361
ALL WELCOME!

funded by studentassociation

 

 

 

 

 

any...» ~. 1; 1;

5»:

10:15 Free introductary lecture

1:00 Afternoon session

Mme-7...... ,,

$2.00 with tax card

7:30 Evening session $2.50 with student ID.

SUNYA Cams Center Balroom

ECKANKAR Box3100 Menlo Park,Ca. 49025
ltllﬂ/t/t/Jlll/tlt

IIIIIIIIIIIIIII
[III/I’llllill

 

i,

 

 

'l

 

Interior of Lark Tavern mm.

M

__.__-_________________._

m“... ..... ......-..r.... ....

 

 

 

 

