      
 

 

 ,‘c ‘ An-..“ ,. _._

 

 
   
   
  
   
  
   
  
   
  
  
 
    
  
  
  

 

  

Fume».  “AA—o’sAM-«A -\

«arson-mast} ~=r ..‘-

 

‘ "SUMMER WORK?-

We’re Looking For A Few Hard Workers

MAKE $2,500 THIS SUMMER

Interviews on Thursday, May 4

4:00 pm
7:00 pm
9:30 pm

(Please Be On Time)

Humanities B-39
Humanities 125
Humanities 125

A special “Thank You” to all
who helped make our J ean—Luc
Ponty - Larry Coryell concert
such a tremendous success.

inture
from...

East E. Concert

 WUWQJM

L 0 0 k to r concerts

 

 

 

 

 

 

Water front location, pool, sauna, stables,
tennis court, central AC, and mid.
We would want these things too,
but we can’t afford them.

But we do have a great apartment!
Call Jim, Scott or Steve for info 457-1850

 

 

MANDATORY

FOR THOSE INTERESTED
in being
ASSISTANT MANAGER

next year in the

Svo RECORD GO-OP

Wed. May 10 - 7:00 RM.
Record Co-op Lounge

 

 

 

 
 

Prices:

   
 

Colonial Quad
llicli Walsh. l)cl.inccj \ilti-l. 7-h7,l(i
Mark lialduin. | niiigstoii Illtll-J. I-75ﬁl

Dutch Quad

\Iaicits l tIltzilLin. \‘iliinlci loot. 7‘75 lts‘

momma/into

 

 
     
 
     

Unwuid at a lit seball (Jami: below you have to start studying tor tirials.

the Class at 19th has purchased a limited number oi

tickets to a

YANKEE '
GA ME

Saturday, May 6
(against the Texas Rangers)

80X SEATS

$7.00 - Class at 1960 dues payers
$9.00 ~ others

(prices include box seat ticket and round trip ous transportation)

Tickets can only be purchased km the loliowing people:

 
 

   
 

Alumni Quad
litiiiinc Monet». \Idcii .l3lt. >l7l-5iJK

 

State Quad
loin lliiins. ('iiopct lilo-2. 7-4tllll

   

Indian Quad
llooic liclgci. ()ncidn llIJ-l. 7-Slli1

 
  
 
 

"'-'lll' it.l on"

SA RECORD CO-OP

WOULD LIKE To
THANK YOU

WITH A
SALE

EVERY ALBUM
REDUCED

ALL $7.98 LIST ALBUMS ONLY

4f9

IN OUR FINAL WEEK-THE E
CO-OP .MANAGEMENT WOUIPED 
T0 THANK OUR CUSTOMERS
FOR MAKING OUR FIRST YEAR
A BIG SUCCESS

Hope Eddie

Kenn
Sue Laurie y

Mike
Walt Laura

LOCATED BY PINBALL LOUNGE W. Th. F: 11:30-31:30

 

 

 

iunded by Student Association

 

 

 

f

 

Wake Entwines Past, Present and Future

By .I.M. Reilly

the novel Finnegan's Wake by James
Joyce has been called everything from a
“perverse triumph of the unintelligible" to
the supreme literary achievement of the
20111 century, a “complete and permanent
record of our age.“

l‘or 40 years. critics have rallied about
it‘s impenetrability. it‘s impossibly
complex language. obscure allusions. and
seemingly chaotic structure. Defenders of
the work arguc tor it's essential it not
immediately apparent accessibility.
radical exploration ol new possibilities of
language and communication. overall
unity and ultimate lllll\'Cl'Stlllly.

Controversy like this oltcii serves to
banish a piece oi literature or any other
work oi art to thc lolly btlt dusty nooks
and crannies ol academia. where only
liciids suiticicntly egg in shape may scck
to plumb it's enigmatic depths. with \cry
long theories indeed. \\llllL' the rest oi its
“nil in monosyllabic innocence Ioi‘ thc
lruc Meaning ol the “ink ol Art to bc
iiisciibcd upon the pages oi some
sclioliiily text.

\otliing could do more \iolciicc to tltc
intcntion ol .lo)cc. who dclcstcd
academia and meant to wine Ior
| \ci'ybody.

in :in cllort to biing the nicssngc ol
/iIiIIi;t;it/I'.\ H it/tc across the gttll created
by cries ol "Abstirdly complex!" and
"Absolutely unreadable!" nicmbcis oi
Sli.\ \ A‘s ltnglish “cptll'llllclll and
sacral other local .liiicczins litt\c banded
together to gttidc tlic cuiiotis. the
courageous. and the slightly oll-kiltcr
along the convoluted catacombs oi
lin/it‘gim'i liiI/ti'. past iiiultanctcd
allusions and illusions. iiiiiiiy»lc\cl|cd
incniiings, madness and mclarchy.

last lhuisday's concert rcnding oi
““ ho Madc the World'.’ lltc l‘our
(iospcls According to l‘lllllcgttll‘s Wake"
lIl tlic I’A( 's Ai'ciiti lhcati‘c was
introduced as a "work in progress" by
Sli.\i.-\ lingllsli licpartmcnt liiculty

members and co-scriptwriters Iom
Smith and Harry Staley.

lhcy were joined by five other readers.
including Larry Rics and Robert
lhorstensen of the English Department,
Marion lhorstensen. Helen Staley, and
bonnie Kelsey.

ilic “Who Made the World?" script is
based on the iii—page "MaMaLuJo"
episode at the end oi book two of
l'imicgali'x Wake. with passages l'romthe
rcst oi the book included to introduce
themes and niotils relevant to the
"MaMaLuJo" section.

the concert reading is the lirst stage in
a project that is supposed to develop into
a live-hour iiltn presentation of
liu/it'gim'r Wit/(c. According to tour

about to experience, and how to
approach the Wake as a whole.

l‘irsl. of all. it's a dream, and therefore
written in the language ot'a dream. where
words. thoughts, and images crowd into,
displease. and blend into each other.
Secondly. the dream is a universal one;
the dream ol'all men at all time. Because it
is a dream. the author is not bound by
conventional logic. and neither should
the reader or the listener be; time and
space are compressed and superimposed,
all time and all things occur
simultaneously. the particular is a
icllcetion ot the universal and the
universal is the embodiment oi the
particulars.

Sound complex? inaccessible perhaps?

"Relax, and listen to it as you would

to Iiiusic. Let it was/7 over you, and
try to swim wit/7 it, but don’t try to

interpret it. '

Let it

make the

associations that it will.”

Smith. he, Stalcy, and lielcn Staley are
collaborating on live. hour long scenarios
\\llll avant-gardc tilmmakcr llillai'y
lliirris based on the iottr parts oi the
It {I/tt‘. together “till it tinnl "more
experimental demonstration ol the basic
tlicincs oi tlic ll tI/tcsupposcd totic things
togcthci‘ somewhat."

Smit Ii said that right now, the company

is waiting Ior iiinding irom the National
| ndowmcnt tor the Arts to sponsor a ten-
niniutc pilot lilm oi the project. "All ollr
sponsors tcll us the signs are sttpcr
positive at this point." Smith said.

In their introduction to lhui‘sdtiy‘s
reading. Smith and Stalcy attempted to
give the ntidicncc a icw cities as to how
they should approach what they were

The Forgettable
Realm of Mediocrity

By MARK J. McliARHY

James Patrick Baen, formerly editor of
(ialaxy. is the new editor at Ace Hooks,
and he has expanded their already large
science lictioii publishing program. the
new deal calls tor over one hundred titles
per year. balanced roughly evenly
between reprints and originals. As is most.
otten the case in a rapid expansion, some
ol the addcd material will be excellent.
sonic piirc dross, and the majority will fall
into the cvci-lorgcltnblc l'L'itilll oi the
mediocre.

Now. to the matter at hand. which is
Aaliu by l:.('. lubb. published at $1.50
lor [H7 pages. this is a “littmarcst ol
lcrra“ now]. one of a long series which
lubb has brought to HAW books. This
novel was originally published in 196‘),
when lttbb was still with Ace. soil comes
early in the sc cs. As to when I do not
know. as there is no table or blurb to tell
us. -
I found it a sui'psisingly rough. almost
amateurish book. There are nitmerous

k and often coniusing scene changes

MAY 2, 1978

most of which are not necessary to an
understanding ol the book. and in fact
dcly understanding. I he characterization
is cardboard. with varying degrees of
thickness. lhc heroine. one Kalin, is a
sccr of some power. but her method of
dealing with crises scents limited to crying
the hero‘s name ( liarl) over and over. this
started to strike me about a third of the
way through the book. and I started
keeping count but stopped alter the
tlo/ciith iinic.

lhc SCllcf~ as a whole concerns litirl
l)iiniiircst‘s quest for ltiirth the planet
oi his birth. and iioiii which he Wits taken
as a child. liiirlli is a legendary world. or
wholly unknown in some parts of the
(ialiixy liiininicst's quest has lasted for
over a do/cn books to date. In this
particular part of the quest. it forms a not
very convincing background fora routine
iidvi-iiturc story. Dumarcst comes no
closer to finding liarth during the course
of Ari/in.

Dumarest meets Kiilin for the first tline

Ah bill this is only a small sampliugol the
myriad ol themes. motils. and meanings
contained in this enigmatic Woik
designed to resonate anyone cxposcd to it
on many lc\cls.

"Relax. and listen to ll as you would to
music." Stiilcy advtscd the audience. “Let
it wain over you. and try to swnn Willi it.
but don‘t try to interpret it." he said. "let it
iiinkc the associations that it will."

Willi those words oi warning, the scum
mcmbci' cast plunged headlong into the
.loycian river that is l'iiiut'gaii'x Hit/to.
pulling the audience downstream with
them. lmagcs clashed and merged. rose
tip. lcll away. and. returned. merged and
split. images oi the past. the present. the
lutui'c: some seemed entwined on many

  

on Logis. and he helps her escape from
the superstitious natives who believe she
is it witch. Dunlarcst arranges passage for
her home, and accompanies her himself

not oiily because he has fallen in love
with her. bill because she has heard of
liarth. and there may be a clue to its
location on her world. On the way. their
starsliip is sabotaged. they are rescued by
a slavci' and find themselves working in a
planetary mitic. by passage to Kalin's
world where Duniarest finds that
Kalin is "really" a niisshapcn.dying ling
who had ti'iinslcrred her mind to another
woman's body and transfers it back to
her own. Duniiircst cannot love the mind
without the body, or vicc-vcrsa. A
potentially emotion-charged scene is
circumvented when Kalin dies. Dumarcst
resumes his quest.

'l be novel is lillcd with potentially
moving scenes whose potential is not
l't'lllllcd. 'l'lic obsessive chaiactcr of
Dumarcst is interesting, but not enough is
made of it. in this particular novel, li.C.
'I'ubb has opted to stress the routine
adventure elements and let the emotional
elements languish.

“to “or! Ye Urt't'tl by Mack Reynolds
(Ace. $ t .50) is it large book. weighing in at
27‘) pagesumd there is no fat on it,

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

7i'"b00Ks‘}

levels. others scarcely connected, but at
the end of the hour, there was the sense of
something complete but ever expanding,
a strange but undeniable unity seemed to
surround the episode, though itcould not‘
he said where or how this unity‘existed. _

“People were laughingat thejokes in it,

they were enjoying it. somehow following
it and wonderingjust exactly what it was
they were taking in.“ Staley said
altcrwards.

lnvolvcnientol the audience is essential
to the working at any presentation oi‘the
li‘uke, according to Staley. “ l he book is a
community book. it is a creating. a
process. and the more people that" are
involved. the better.“ ,

lhcre are plans in the works for a
second concert reading ol the
"iVltliVlillJlJO" episode in a lcw weeks.
according to Stalcy. oi which a videotape
will be made tor the archives here at
SUN Y A.

the cast that read lhursday. with only
one clinage. is the same one that did the
l iiincgans Wake concert readings three
)ciiis ago. limit which a video-tape was
also ntttdc. lliai lilm was shown at the
lilth .loycc Symposium in l'aris I975. and
has been requested by universities in
humility and Sweden. as well as by Yale
and other universities here in the US.

llic proposed live-part lilm project.
unlike the previous him and the one to be
made in a icw weeks will itot be it tilin oi
concert readings. It Will be. according to
tom Smith. it “much more ambitious
project." wnh characters playing oil
against one another. on-lociition footage
in Ireland. and employ various abstract
oi avaitt-gai'dc tilining techniques,

" l he liliii Will be the most appropriate
illtll we can make oi the total l'inncgrin'x
it like." Smith said. “which ol course
means it will be cosmic." Smith added.
"the imagery. the sound. the texture. will
lltl\t.' to be in style and blue no cli‘cct that
will rcllcct what the it (l/i't’l‘L'llll)’ is. it total
sciisortum."

D

wonderful" 

Reynolds shifts points of view at least as
often as 'l ubb. but he does so with a clear
purpose and he limits the shifts to
chapters. and then labels the chapter with
the name of the character foeussed on
therein. 1 his is also part ofa series, and is
labelled "third in the fabulous North
African lrilogy.“ the trilogy concerns
the efforts of lil llassan (formerly a Black
American sociologist) to unite all of
North Africa into a single nation capable
oi withstanding the inﬂuences of both
lzast and West. and of exploiting its own
resources. rather than relying on foreign
commercial interests. that is a concept at
least as interesting as the one 'l'ubb used
lor his own series. As with lubb. the
potential ofsuch ii concept is not reached.

l he book is concerned with the efforts
of a mercenary group to assassinate El
llassan. Ultimately, they are turned away
ll'()lll their mission bloodlessly, which was
certainly an unpredictable turn ofevents,
and aLso a rather non—dramatic one.
There is some attempt at characterization
here  and there are about it dor‘m major
characters but most character traits are

only quirks the reader associates with or

name. and nothing else. Everyone is very
tough and businesslike, and no one
interacts very much with anyone else.

molt mo

1.

 

 
   
 

              
      
     
   

