   
  
  

 

  

'7 which... i. I. v v >-
‘ ' ' ' I I o
'I'w- 1.00:“ ‘3  Iovc,_MMW
_____________-—
i D " te'ssor haircut 4- 34. W0) cuts his»! A
diyy to'suit. 85 up. By Al or Kathy. Al's Holr
Shop. Ramada Inn. Unitas since I966. Call
482-0573. Hours: Noon til 7 pin. Monday —
Fridov.
Muskrat Suzy,
Happy l9th birthday kidl
Frank

 

Young Prlnem,
Wokorno to Albany .Ioonno, Hope you have
is great waokendl

. THUMPR

 

Clawth Ari-can
be placed In the 8A Contact
Olileo. ilrat floor Campus
Center. noxtto Chechen-hing.

 

  
        

—-—-.———-“—~"_
To lill So-blll, : ‘  .

Glad to in cooln. We inluod youl
m love always, suite 303

Door tho (Coloniol lower)

till I iust wont to' surprise you by giving you .

this personal and tell you I oni thlnlilno
about you. Remember me?

 

   

 

"“O'lwib limit
urinal..-

on the dinner lines

today.

 

  

ands? personal

 

 

Donna at ,

 
 
  
  

ioso MADISON AVENUE
new

$2.50
students
Sun. - Thurs.

MADISON THEATER »

ALBANY. N.Y. 122m
FREE'PARKING

Dr. Zhivago

8:00

Sat. afternoon 4:30 matinee

mm.
6 track stereo

"  than a movie. a whole not experience
“Mrinal Ben comes up with a disarming mot-all»: that

Indicates a music sensibility and underatandtn
Gone Moalrowitl, a critic 0! Variety (New York)

This tum. an Shakespeare puta it. “shine- like agood doodin
'. it seem- so at Venice where a packed
‘ n-u‘my world “I vioudly liked it very

theatre full of film-sated critics ob

much."
Dr. Roger Manvoll. Film Historian and Critic (London)
Winner of International Award at Venice Film Festival 1989

Winner of .‘S cial Morit' International Jury Award at
International 5:11 Award at international Film Festival.

Delhi 1989

Produced and Directed by Mrinal Sen
Apri15,1978ot7:l5pm.inLC23
Tickets: $2.00

 
  

funded by student associatior

 

 

 

MIDDLE EARTH

 

Call 457-5300

 

 

 ii'gl‘l‘itl 2‘

 

APRIL 14. ms

t .

 

    

it'yo/ Ill/N liliit'lf/lilwi (ill lill' llll/ltl.”

ALBANY INDINT FRIES

    

 

no: move

 

  
  
  

PEI 6 SEETRU

' by Rich Seliiaon

 

 

It was a laieof three coaches Wednesday afternoon; Albany‘s Mike Motta,
Bob Lewis and Bob Burlingame were directing their respective teams. and
each man‘s behavior told a different story.

I'm: 25-year-old Molta was experiencing his toughest day as lacrosse coach
in his second year at Albany. Only about five minutes had elapsed in the ﬁrst
period tigainst Cortland. a team ranked eighth in the state in Division II. and
Moiiii‘s squad was behind five goals.

And that was only the beginning.

It“; Red Dragons scored eight more goals in the half. There was Motta
pacing the sidelines. his head dropping after the hard. white ball evaded
junior goalie Gary Miller. timc and time again.

Motta screamed a few gripes at the refs. called out some plays which might
click. but nothing went right for him and his inexperienced squad.

I'he first half was painful enough. Off to the nearby tennis courts on
lluich. whercthe tennis team was in It commanding position in the University
Icnnis Championships.

With all the singles matches nlrcndy history(AIbuny winning ID of l2). the
doubles competition betwccn the Danes. Hinghnmton and Buffalo was
continuing. Albany only needed two doubles Victories to clinch the
championship. a sure thing for the improved netmen.

Lewis was at ease watching his team. He checked some results and notiﬁed
players of their remaining matches; he was a perfect image ofsomeone who
was calm, cool and collected. His team was clearly the best.

Lenis wtis in control ol the situation. lost the opposite ol the helpless
Monti, Let's see how Burliiiganic (lid.

Coming offa |5~2 defeat to RM on Saturday in their season opener. the
Dimes had already won the ﬁrst game ofa doubleheader against Hart wick.

llurlingainie. in his 19th yciii .ii the helm. nus nmvjust l\\o wins short of
matching his three coaching triumphs of the fall. Clad in a grey hooded

   
 
  

sweatshirt underneath a‘windbrenker, I! llli
signals. 1 l V  . . ..

Of all the coaches on this day. Burlingame hodtoinake theiight move a
the right time. His team was in a battle. ~ ‘ . A ‘L

A Icadoff walk by Dane's pitcher Steve Muldoon in the sixth inning had;
Hurlingame out ‘to the mound before Muldoon .threw another pitch.
Although the coach let Muldoon stay inand Hartwick proceeded to score
their second run. Burlingiime's strategy paid‘oﬁ‘.’ Muldoon got out of the
inning and only a walk in the seventh prevented him from pitchingaﬁawless
inning.

Thanks to AI Grimaldi and his game-winning single in the Dane‘s half of
the seventh. Albany swept the doubleheader. In addition. it left Burlingame.
a relieved conch. rejoicing with his players.

From the helplessness of Mottii. tothe calmness of Lewis and ﬁnally tothe
satisfaction of Burlingame. a spectrum of coaching situations was seen here on
Wednesday.

 
 
 
 

  
   

    
   

' " "autumn '

the aid sixth} hosiever‘. was
different story. Muldoon walked the
leadoff batter. bringing Burlingon'ie‘ .
'to' the mound. ‘ ‘ ‘ ‘

    

“He came out to  how I felt.”' . ' A ‘

explained Muldoon. “Before the'
game. I didn't think I could go seven
innings. so I was surprised that I
didn‘t feel that tired."

Burlingame must have instructed
his ace to Ilflkeoutthe’next mo
batters. because that's just what

 

What do Red Smith, Dick Young,
Maury Allen , Joe Durso and
almost the entire SUNYA
student populus have in common?

They all don’t write for the
ASP sports department.

contact Rich at 7-21.90

 

 

 

Albany State

 

  

ENDORSED av

REOIONAL FINALS

Competing teams: State finalists from
Maryland, New Jersey, Pennsylvania
and western New York

HOSTED BY THE EASTERN NEW YORK STATE CHAMPIONSHIP
TEAM “POSITIVE TRANSFER" OF S. ll. N.Y. ALBANY

SUNDAY, APRIL IO - 1:00 PM

o PUBLIC INVITED
a FREE ADMISSION

Co-sponsored by Ruch Dislribulors, Albany, New York
dislribulors ol Budweiser, Michelob and Natural Light Beers

 

Gymnasium

 

“ “ did. What happened next
was not instructed. The Hartwick
batter laced an RBI double just out
of the reach of Nelson in centerﬁeld.

Always willing to repay a favor.
the Danes came right back. With
- Plantier on third. Scorzilla placed a
ground single through the left side to
deadlock the game at two each.

Sensing a possible sweep. Albany
came out swingingin theirhalf of the
seventh. Mike Berg singled sharply.
and advanced to second on a
sacriﬁce bunt by Nelson. Up came
(irimaldi. who was 0 for 3 in the se-
cond game.

“I saw the ball real well my first
three times up." stated Grimaldi. “I
was anxious. I wanted in get up.“
(irimnldi came through with the hit
of the day. a line drive into right
center to bring home Barg and give
the Danes a gratifying doubleheader
sweep.

“I was waitingfora fastball."com-
mented Grimaldi. “I got one on the
outside corner, and Iwent with it in-
stead of trying to pull it."

Just four days earlier. the Danes
looked ragged against RI'I. Accor-
ding io Burlingame. the turnaround
was explainablc.

“We had an excellent week of
practice. The hard work paid off."

Women’s Softball
Team Loses

A five-run first inning sparked Iic
visiting Sienn women‘s softball tetun
to an lI-It) victory over Albany
State on I‘uesday. It was the Duncs‘
season opener.

l'hc Danes rallied to take the lead
after four innings. 9-7. only to see
Sicna lie the score in the filth. Siena
outscored Albany with one run
apiece in the final two innings to
record the win.

MIDDLE EARTH
Call 457-5300

‘ 0C?“ 50%
03* \
C
for Flu’llll)’, Graduale Sludems

and Undergraduates
(minimum - 2 years college)

A group of IO long established camps located in
the Adirondacks. N.Y.. Berkshires. Cons. A
Man. and Maine. cunipruing nuys. (iirli.
Ilmlher-Sirler. and Ctr-ed camps - llﬂir'tlpﬂllnﬂl
lur qualified cullmelotl in the loilnwtng urciu:
I) All team sports and individualalhlelic acliiilin
[including gymnastics. riﬂely. archery: Iencing.
an!

1) Wllerlrunl lkllll (Wsl, urmllcrulti.
walerikiing. lcubal

I] Pioneering Ar Tripping (canoe trip». riiuuniairi
climbing. overnighlll

4] Administrative skills head counselors. group
leaders. program Irristatill. olﬁce personnel)

5) Arts A crafts

6] Drama (theatre director. technical iiimlaiit.
piano accumpanim for musical!)

7] General counselors [or younger campers.

One application will reach all I0
Directors. Salaries are
commensurate wirh experience
and skills.

WRITE: (enclose full details as to
your skills and experience) Kathy
Singer. Counselor Placement.
105 Fairview Ave.. Port
‘u“ L' _, NY. 11050.

 

 

 

¥

PAGE THIRTEEN

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

APRIL 14, 1978

   
   
  

