 

 

-W~~_~.. ..
_.. M... .f r.
...—--r ‘ "

o 'w MAW...
A" w. ,. ... qu—ﬁrl' W ‘

ATTENTION ALI. SENIORS l

The Class of ‘79 Council is made up Of Only nine
people, but there are at least 2,000 other members of
the Senior Class out there. This is YOUR senior year.
don’t you want to have a say in what you do? Let us
in on your ideas, and remember that we’re not Just
limited to Senior Week! We still have months left--

let’s enjoy them while we can!!!  

:3.

 

 

.‘

doing the same thing every weekend? The Senior Class has the ability to sponsor any
event that you want--just tell us what you want to do!

I

    
  

 

‘ I

Cant take another minute of Albany? Want to get out of here? Where would you
like to go? We can arrange trips for an entire weekend or just a day.

mass FOR ONE DAY: « 71$
IDEAS FOR OVERNIGHT: i " '_ 5‘?

 

(3)

i. “.454;

it’s YOL’R Senior Week to do what YOU want! Any suggestions?

u u u z. in.“ is 1w

 

(1) Sick of parties in the ballroom? I Sick of fighting the crowds in Bogart’s? Fed up with.

SLOW Albany is the only place in the world where a week can be three days long. but I

 

 

 

t} RUNNING RATES
People who have beenjogging on
a regular basis for at least ayear may
now enjoy some benefits from their
liulfing and pulling in the form of

lower life insurance rates.

lower rates to

S urance “1165.

much better risks.

the harder drink
Now. the
beer-making

lhe giant

alcohol,

Occidental Life of North Carolina
has become the first life insurance
company in the US to offer special
regular runners.
swimmers or bicyclists. According to
the company. any person who has
engaged in at least 20 minutes of
hard exercise for three or more times
a week during the past year qualiﬁes
for a 20 percent reduction in in-

'l'hc Company says it believes that
people who exercise regularly are

AL-COLA-HOL

Less than a month iigo. the Coca
(‘ola Company announced its plans
to branch out from the soltdrink to
industry
marketing a new line of wines.
AttllL'llSCF-lIus‘clt
Brewery is doing just the opposite.
cori-
glomcratc has revealed its own plans
to begin marketing a new soft drink
that will contain just a touch of

by

the new drink. called "(‘helsca.“
is reportedly a blend ol lcnion-linic.
apple price and spices. and contains
just under onc-lriilt pet'cetrl alcohol
by minute. a quantity ol boo/e that

is permitted in soft drinks. The new
beverage is being billed as the “Not-
So-Solt Drink."

ROBIN HOOD

He could become the first in-
terplanetary Robin Hood.

A California jury has acquitted a
l‘)-year-old Southern California
man ol’ robbery after he told the
court he was merely borrowing thc
money to help establish space
colonies for overcrowded carthlings.

Steve Masovcr held up a bank in
Menlo Park last Novembcrand was
later apprehended with $78,000 of
the bank‘s cash. no unloaded gun. a
fake bomb and three hostages.

Masover‘s attorney. however.
pleaded his client “not guilty“ to the
armed robbery charge. explaining
that Masover had taken the money.
but only to boost it in colonies in
outcrspaccasriwayloi‘erirthlingsto
escape pollution and ri\L‘l'ptlptlitl-
troii.

lhc attorney contended his client
planned to pay the money back in 20
years or so. which made the robbery
a lorccd loan ttllllCl’ than your or-
driiiiry r‘iiri-oI-thc-iirill licist. llic
lawyer argued tlral no one can vc
corniclcd til birtirk rohbci y in

California unless the prosecutor can
show that she or he intended to
deprive the bank of its money per-
manently said Masover‘s attorney.
“ to me. that means forever.“

The jury apparently agreed. and
acquitted Masovcr ol‘arnied robbery
charges. despite protests from the
district attorney. The DA contends
the acquittal will encourage other
Robin Hood robberies

FAT FACTS

People who are overweight may
now have support from a group
which is calling itself. the “Fat
HMtition Front" (FLA’)

l-‘orinded by Vivian Meyer ol'New
Haven. Connecticut. FLA says it
“ill utili/c the politics and tactics
practiced by feminist groups and
civil rights organi/ations in efforts to
educate the public about the opprcs»
sron and discrimination tat people
licquently experience in society.

According to Meyer . many people
assume lai people ate Iailurcs just
because they are overweight. l'hc
l- | .A. she says. wants to tree lat pco~
plc lr'orn rust these kinds ol attitudes.

lat people. she. ' s. are onlriirly
slciotyped as “glitttoris.” Meyers
says iliat "ii lat person is riot lost a

 

IZOIAB EWS ‘*

slim person who has gone bad,
someone who has just ovcreaten.“
She says fat people overeat because
they are overly sensitive to en-
vironmental factors which stimulate
all people to eirt.

Mayer says. in fact. that dieting
liiis been unsuccessful for 99 percent
of all fat people who try it. adding
that too many people believe fatness
is a reversible problem.

the FLA. Meyer says. wants to
encourage fat people to “know they
don‘t need to feel guilty. that the'rc
okay."

A CH EWY TALE

A North Carolina man who chew—
ed a chunk off the tail of a boil con-
strictor named Daniel. has been
given a suspended sentence and ii
$52 fine.

llic snake‘s owner. Naomi Ander-
son. pressed charges against the
sriakc-clioiiipcr. Keith Spurlirrg.
claiming Spoiling. loi no apparent
reason. had gnawed off the tip ol'hcr
pet's triil.

'\t last \ieck's tr'irrl. Spurting
pleaded no contest to a charge ot iti-
irrr mg personal proper l\ alter
Anderson shoyyed up to court carry»

 

openings

We're the Coast

 

Tina" organizationi'ias
for youn
Good gay, goo .

jO satisfaction.

   

executives.
future,

advanced equipment
and to... "'IV

 

  
 

ingihe injured boa it'i her handbag
as’evidence‘.
GONE TO POT

Americans are beginning to think
marijuana is better than alcohol.

A Louis Harris survey concluded
that 76 percentlot' Americans believe
that drinking is a scriousproblem
Only 56 percent ofthose same people
polled. however. believe that smok-
ing pot is dangerous.

Nine years ago. the position was
almost exactly the opposite. the
Harris Poll says. ln l969, 54 percent
of Americans said that drinking was
a very serie is problem. while 75 per-
cent thoug it that marijuana use was
dangerous.

CANNABIS CULTURE

Pound for pound. marijuana is as
Antcrican as apple pie

lhat at least is the opinion of
Frank Rios Rodriquez. a 30-year-
old Ari/ona man who is in the
process of establishing a museum
rind library in 'lucson called Can-
irirlrrr .‘II't"!l|‘t‘.".

llic Archives. Rodriguez says.
will house everything there is to
know about cannabis.

Rodriguc/ calls marijuana "just a
part ol oitr American history“and lie
\ It“ s the preservation of its heritage
as his own contribution to Amer-
Clilllil.

lsliitiits at the Archives will in-
clride a llllt,‘ ol borigs. lrom irri-
\rlpllhliultletl early rriodels to the
Ilt.‘\\t’.\l and most elaborate; govern—
lllt'lll and medical research
documents on ritiirijuana;
laboratory research lricililics‘. ex-
lrtlrrts ol the tanning and harvesting
ol the plant; exhibits demonstrating
its recreational and medicinal uses;
ltltrl stilllplc plants .

MORE MORRISON

It‘s been riiorc than seven years
since the death of singer Jim
Morrison. but lilecktra-Asylum
Records lrris announced plans todis-
ll'tl)lllC a new album containing
irctcr-lit-Iorc released songs record-
L'ti by the late lead singer ol the
lioors.

Morrison originally began work
on a coriiprlatiori of his poetry and
songs iii the iirorrtlrsjttst prior to his
death. llre project was shelved iii-
dclriritcly when Morrison died
suddenly and unexpectedly in I’ill’lﬁ
in NH.

litr\\t,'\L'l'. the three surviving
riienilrcrs ol the Doors teamed with
lilriinirikcr l-‘rairk Liscianrlro last
year to liiiish Morrison's project.

the three musicians. Ray Mari-
/arck. John Derismore and Robby
Kircgei. added riiiisical accompani-
ment to the vocal tracks which
Morrison had recorded prior to his

      
   
    

 

 

      
    
   

  

 
    

 

Guard departure to Paris.
. We may be small kllOIWII. It'sjoo. J d llic iilhiililn.l llliL'(|l .‘lll!.‘I‘lllt'rllt'lllll
' o , ' . . , , | (about 37.000 strong) yNOr' (. goo SLll'l'OUll ' - I:I‘{ll‘t‘l'. in re re easct In car y
3(4) After four long years of struggle. Graduation Day will finally arrive. but Inst ittd of . W 0... jobs d... W“. I i [.0195] WI... m... and 
; . ‘ ‘ v - . . . ' of the most llllptrl’idlll ones in the, country. women of your to (Elli one a )I rites. I . ‘ i v
? Slttlng through a Slow‘  ceremon.‘- “'9 COUId make It better If “'9 had 3. dV'IlilIlllCt 4‘ As you piolnrl'dykriow, wo'r‘eiiitlic business mebeneﬁts- Andthe rewards TH‘Ed 0f S 2 . 5 0
 . . i v i ' ' " ‘7  "l “Vim “Yes "ml Pm'mly' . I , , . A starting salary of over $10,000 that can a [1 Hour???
; Interestlng Speaker .  W OUld _‘ 0U Suggest .  [lot we to also  litirgp-d wrtli protlcr lr’ng‘otri immaw by (WW/10% in WW “I St “mm years with
a i EOE‘SII'l'im‘ m” (“mil "kuil' (‘WIIWﬂ ('I.WdYTZ ,r rior'rirol l)l‘t)llt()ll()ll oird seniority raises.
ﬂ 'm‘qulmmg meimW A)” in] L m i“  (0%“ W [on l’rcc llltf(ilt‘ill and dental core. A quarter‘s -Yoii can earn irrorc
3 tone. Interrupting llrlltt)iilf'5 tlrollrcltyrrhq. p/lgijrlirtor— allowance. _Rcmmn u FULLJHME
J a ' mi]th wards Hm “mu dm “0d d O lirltioii assistance for off—duty education. STUDENT
3 Imaging}; RM “mm mp People. 'l'lilrty days ol paid vacation a year. ‘Assisl oilicr students in
I  Wily 'wiL. “mid (lump quuhﬁed’ ambi— Aird a generous rclireiiicnt plan lor those. who iiiaiiiiging their finances
:(') C t -t° - d “mm mm (“1d wommL ‘ make the. Coast Guard a career: 
2 a Dunne“ 8’ cu ICISmS an HestiO H 1 Plus the reward of performing in an orgariiza- I
g ' ’ q “S. Pug/v.0“...  tiori that is considered the very best if] the nation. J h H Id {
a re es iocio y in c r. r t n 0 n 0 or
1  lt‘t‘lllllCill denier: r in engineering. science.[milth ‘ lll'lowlto aPPIty-H‘ ” 785.4141
1 i it' 1, )r' (' )lll iottrrs. We've got the wor kt rat bee your co ege p acemen 0 ice, or ca _ .
3 iii‘k‘tisyrirrr spt-iziol talents and skills. 800:424-8883 toll free for more. information.  BY.
Once you finish ollicor"s candidate Stilloolw the Coast Guard needs olfrcei‘s. What other , 95‘ Albany_Shaker Rd. V

 
 

company will make you an officer and give you
a job filling your title after 18 weeks?

 

18 Weeks in Yorktown. Virginia we'll give you a
job with responsibility. You work wrth the most

Northwestern

 
 

THANK YOU FOR YOUR TIME - Your

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

'1 q o . .
“033 WWW” Coast Guard O.C S. MU’W’ We
r In x I “The Quiet Company'
warrv-vﬁr-smmr—u—xr—xrwwr rixﬁn‘iY-‘tr‘u’vn-xr Wv-x -— ‘   ﬂ ' i. i
 OCTOBER 17’ 1978 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE SEVEN


/,

Mac
l

 

