 
 

   
   
   
 
  
   
  
 
  
    
  
 
  
 
  
 

 

  
 

     
  
  
      
  
 
  
  

.s. -. .a—r n. a ..:,-.. {~er t...»

 

 

 

  

    
   
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  

I ,g - -
K 4 . . . x - bun-

 

 

~ ay'sinucti. asocto ’
‘ _t_ may no longer, be
fashionable to worry about

nuclear holocaust, yet there

> 7 new people in Albany whose
jobs require them to be ready at any time
to deal with such situations. They man the
Emergency Operations Center, located
beneath the four .story Public Safety-
building on the State Ofﬁce Campus, a
three minute walk from the SUNYA
podium.

Completed in I963, the EOC was
designed to provide almost total
protection for its 700 inhabitants in the
event of a nuclear attack, and function as
the administrative and operations
headquarters for the Civil Defense
Commission.

Fear of imminent nuclear attack has
decreased almost to the point of apathy
over the past Is years, but except for
several staff reductions —— down from 200
prior to l97l -— the EOC has not suffered
as a result.

Civil defense, though, has taken a back
seat to the day-to-day concern of the staff:
natural disaster relief. Ever since I973,
the Civil Defense Commission has been
known as the Ofﬁce of Disaster
Preparedness, and has tackled snow,
ﬂoods, storms and oil spills. The ODP
only involves itself when an emergency
arises that is too large to be handled by
any one state agency. The ODP then acts
s a coordinating body, pulling together
efforts throughout the state and directing
response to the disaster;

The CD? is presently involved insnow
removal: efforts" in New York City,
according to EOC Supervisor Gordon
Haskins, as well as the perennial problem
of erosion on Long Island. “Every year at

'this time Fire island is washed into the

ocean,” he said.
’5; «l I I

 my"

  

the communist menace or.

country, and activated by command of
the White House.
Albany, WGY in Schenectady and
WRGB~TV in Schenectady are the
primary EBS stations for the capital
district.

Warning system and the North American
Air Defense system were at one time the
mainstay of the United States' radar
detection network. Although still in use,

obsolete. Spy satellites and ships now act
as a more effective warning system.

i
3713- V‘s ’

fully activated was in June of I972, during
Tropical "Storm Agnes. This also marked
‘ thelaat tithe that a governor of New York
(Nelson Rockefeller) has used the shelter,
which doubles as an alternate seat of
government. ‘

Presently, the GDP is working on a
master evacuation plan for the state to
efﬁciently remove people from high risk
areas and primary target areas to safer
locations within the state. The New York
City/Long Island area will be the most
difﬁcult to evacuate. People from the city
would be moved to Westchester County
and western New York, while those in
Suffolk and Nassau counties would be
bused out to the far east end of Long
Island.

No New Yorkers will be placed in other
states, although Connecticut will use the
Adirondack Park Region, and people
from New Jersey will head for the
Southan Tier.

Neither New York City nor Albany are
considered primary targets, but the
Grumman airstrip near Riverhead, L.l.,
with one of the longest runways on the

The last (and only) time the EOC was

U.S., sightings from radar installations
and satellites would be relayed to the
EOC through NORAD headquarters in
Colorado. The 700 individuals on the
latest revision of “the list” — ofﬁcials
necessary to run the state in an emergency
situation — would be rushed to the EOC.

“On paper. at least, spouses and
children will not be allowed in,”-Haskins
said, “but l can‘t imagine any legislator
leaving his wife and kids and coming
down here. Why not bring family instead

of [Ofﬁce of General Services] people to -

cook and clean? Someone’s got to do it,
might as well be your own family."

Once everyone is inside, blast doors
would seal off the tWo entrances to the
EOC — the staircase from the Public
Safety building above, and the steel
tunnel leading underground into the
complex.

The $3.l million structure's blast
resistant features include l8 inch
reinforced concrete walls, a 20 inch roof
slab. and 30 inches ofcarth in between the
EOC and the building above, for
protection from fallout radiation.

“The $3.1 million structure’s blast resistant
features include 18 inch reinforced concrete
walls, a 20 inch roofs/ab, and 30 inches ofearth
in between the EOC and the building above, for

protection from fallout

east coast (ideal for bombers), and the
Watervliet Arsenal, about ten miles north
of downtown Albany, are both high risk
targets.

The EOC is a massive communications
center, so that evacuation plans, status
reports and directives from the governor
can be transmitted unhampered
throughout the state. The CD? has
immediate access to a network of radio
and TV stations throughout the state, and
can patch the governor in from any phone
in the world.

They are also tied in with the
Emergency Broadcast System, composed
of radio and TV stations throughout the

WROW-AM in

Installations such as the Distant Early

hese systems have been rendered almost

    

radiation. ”

The-EOCAwas designed to~withstand a '

two megaton explosion. even if the blast
was as close as the intersection of
Washington Avenue and Fuller Road.

In addition to blast shock, the EOC is
built to resist ground tremors as well.
Colonial Quad may only be a fond
memory when that bomb explodes at
Washington and Fuller, but the EOC is
only expected to sway a bit ~ about ﬁve
inches vertically and one inch
horizontally.

So, everything is shock-mounted, from
the overhead lights to the toilets, and all
utility connections to thc building are

Should there bea direct attack on the I

* WIN—utudn‘iuw' 1-qu n * ' * *

 

 

      

  
 

  

   
  
   

     
 

  

     
 
  

   

    
   
  

     

fitted Willi ball-joint counselors to
prevent them from being ripped oll lllL'
building.

If fallout renders the urea
uninhabitable, the EOC can "button up"
and continue to sustain itscll tor I4 days,
after which the food supply \till he
depleted. Water can be Obltllllt‘tl lroni
either of two outside sources. or lroni the
shallow wells below the building

Power can be provided through three
diesel generators, two oI \\lll(ll are

sufﬁcient to carry the full load ol the
facility.
In addition tothe blast tltltil's.itll|lllllltt'

and exhaust ports are equipped \\ uh lllilhl
covers. And fOI'lllleilrrll/Cl'lellL'l lllt'l\\t)
main doors have been settled. lllL'lL' n. ‘tl
specially constructed blast-lock Ill the
ventilation system‘s lllillll minke.
providing access to the l:t)('.

And now for the big question I» ll llllL'
that there‘s a tunnel leading from
SUNYA over to the E00. loi \lltlllllllg
Vll"s in underground? “i\o uni." ~2ud
Haskins. “We don‘t want lllllllllllt' ltllltl
with that place over there."

   

  
    
  
  
  
 
   
 
  
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  

 

U

’\
U

 
  
  
  
  

 

 

 

 

 

By G. PASCAL ZACIIARY

t a neighborhood conference

which I attended a few

months back the keynote

speaker, an urban planner

from New York City, told his
audience that the driving force behind the
spectacular growth of the suburbs during
the ﬁfties was not. as I had thought. due
tti our parent's overwhelming stupidity,
but the child of a carefully engineered
plan, the purpose of which the dispersion
of the population. Drive people away
from the cities and the nation is less likely
to be devastated in the event of nuclear
war. The plan worked so well that 20
years later many Americans are so
frustrated with urban problems that they
are hoping a number ofthe older cities get
H-hombed.

I remember little of my grade school
years. but I can clearly recall the air raid
drill. Year after year my teacher would
usher the class ottt into the hallway and
instruct the children on the art of kneeling
in front ofa wall. There we knelt with our
coats draped over our shoulders and our
hands clasped behind our heads. I never
understood why we engaged in this
scccmingly bizarre behavior. In my mind
ll was a meaningless ritual like saluting
the flag.

As i grew older the threat of nuclear
holocaust became more and more distant.
After all, I had discovcrcd that America
was the only country ever to use the
bomb. And there was the war projected
daily onto our ’I'V screens. lly the time 1
was [7, i had come to it profound truth.
l'hcrc were only two things in life worth
fearing: the draft and unemployment.

Until today I was certain that the
biggest “white elephant" to emerge from
the cold war was Long Island.

After visiting the Emergency Operating
Center and Alternate Seat of
Government I no longer believe that. This
installation is the linchpin in New York

 

State‘s civil defense system. Buried
beneath the Public Safety building in'the
State Ofﬁce Campus, a , mere three
football ﬁelds away from the academic
podium, the EOC was designed to
accomodate 700 people -—— the Governor,
his staff, legislative leaders, and heads of
state agencies and their staff--in the event
of an enemy attack or serious natural
disaster.

Currently the list of those eligible is
being up dated by Gordon Haskins, EOC
supervisor. He declined to release its
contents to me during my visit although I
did overhear a phone conversation in
which Haskins said “Purcell[the

    

.In its

  

(

people; now 40 stalwarts remain.

The EOC has only beem “fully
activated” onee,' according to Haskins,
and that was during Hurricane Agnes.
Governor Carey has never visited here
although Rockerfeller did on a number of
occasions. The only time the kitchen has
been used is for staff Christmas parties
and the medical center most recently
housed the stage hands working at the “I
Love New York" Festival.

“The overall .public attitude towards
civil defence is at a low ebb," Haskins
said. Earlier he had shown me the latest
clipping on the installation—a l2'year old

“I didn’t hear the details of the new plan.
Evacuation, however successful, could not beat
a bed inside the underground government. How
could I get onto the list? I could see it now. A

new lotterygame."

—

Republican Nassau County Supervisor]
isn't on it."

The purpose of the EOC is to facilitate
governmental response to any
conceivable “doomsday affair." To this
end, such vital services as controlling and
allocating food, directing relief and
rescue operations, and issuing bulletins
on radiological conditions are conducted.
Round-thc-clock communications are
maintained with local civil defense units
throughout the state.

()f course, it is only incidental that
these decision-makers will be safely
stashed away in a radiation proof
structure, deep within the bowels of the
earth. equipped with two weeks supply of
food, complete medical services, and
shock mounted toilets.

to enter the underground government,
the select seven hundred must pay a stiff
pricc. Will they be tough enough to leave
their family behind, experience extreme
weight loss (there is only two weeks
supply of food), wear dirty clothes (two
washing machines) and sleep ISO to a
dormitory? Without prior training of any
kind on the rigors of “making due" inside
the underground government? When they
are only dimly aware that such fate awaits
them?

No gourmet cosine. private rooms with
baths, swimming pools, or prostitutes.
lit-lore entering the EOC in their newly
issued army jump suit. every man and
woman must strip to the raw and shower
in thc decontamination room. There is no
way any of the more crafty politicos can
slip in with it radioactive lobster in their
briclctise. 'l'axpaycrs, you can rest easy.

"in l950 the feds decided we have to
protect ourselves frotn potential Russian
aggression,“ the warning system's
supervisor said. The EOC was completed
in I963, construction spurred on by the
Cuban Missle crisis (“A hard rains
a‘gonna fall" — for all of those who
measure the recent past in Dylan songs).

 

photo spread that appeared in the Daily
News. “There has been some increase in
interest since the discovery of the Russian
civil defence plans,“ Haskins added
before describing the state-wide
evacuation plan currently being
developed.

ldidn't hear the details ofthe new plan.
Evacuation, however successful, could
not beat a bed inside the underground

heyday the taco was mine by too.

       
    
  
  
  
     
 
      
   
  
      
  
    
  
  
   
  
  
   
   
     
  
  
  
   

 
  
 
  
 
  
 

government. How could I get onto the
list? l could see it'now. A new lottery
game. What a money maker for the state.
Win a place on the list, a birth in the
Statler Hilton of bomb shelters!

The EOC will remain an exclusive club
for those who want the cadillac of civil
defence. Were not this shelter so secure,
its features so attractive. would the
politicians call as anxiously for an
increase in nucleararms? lsuspect that if
politicians had to rely more on their
intellect than esoteric civil defence plans
to insure their survival the possibility of a
nuclear war would be small indeed.

 

photo. by Laura Viecttoi

 

 

 

 

 

  
  

    
      

     
   

    
 
        

