    

 

 

 

 

. . -. .
Nimn Linked to Wiretaps
LOS ANGELES (AP) An attorney for the former No. 2 mat.
in' the FBI has link‘ed former President Richard Nixon to an’
ille l dam’p'aign of wiretaps and break-ins against friends
an relatives of fugitive terrorists, the Los Angeles Times
said yesterday. Brien P. Gettings, attoriieyfor W. Mark Felt,
said in a federal court motion In Washington that “certain
recommendations“ of “the ‘Huston . plan” to spy on
revolutionary groups were implemented after a mid-August
I970 telephone conversation between Nixon and former FBI
Direcotor J. Edgar, Hoover, the newspaper said. The plan,
named for then White House aide Toni Charles Huston,
inv6lved domestic surveillance illegal wiretaps, mail opening
and break-ins. It also would have createda permanent
committee to coordinate spying on citizens, particularly
students. Nixon has said he canceled the plan ﬁve days after
the Hoover conversation, because the FBI director objected
so strongly to it.

Manson Denied Parole

VACAVILLE, CA. (AP) Mass murderer Charles Manson
was denied parole from his life sentence Thursday after he
told the state parole board that he should not be released
from prison because he is “totally unsuitable for that world
out theie." He also denied ever killing anyone.

“I didn't kill nobody and I didn't order nobody to be
killed,“ said the bearded, shaggy-haired Manson, who
rcgaled the Community Release Board with his comments
for some three hours.

However, Manson added, “I'm totally unsuitiible for that
world out there. I don't ﬁt in at all."

file 44-year-old Manson, speaking out for the ﬁrst time
since his l97l conviction in the Tate-LaBianca murders,
alternately sat and stood, waved his arm in exclamation and
even liallisang during his presentation.

' "I‘m mad," said Manson. “I'm mad; I‘m indignant. I‘m
mud to every bone in my body that I have tocome back to the
penitentiary when I didn't break no law."

He denied, as he had at his trial, that he ordered members
of his roving "family" to murder actress Sharon Tate and six
other persons in August I969.

\
\

 

 

November In the month for a huge turkey dlnner and a
book to help out lledgllng cooks. (Photo: UPS)

Food...

Dinner for two thousand, please. ~-

Forty turkeys will be just apart of the bill of fare next
Thursday when the Refer Switchboard sponsors its Ninth
Annual Thanksgiving Feast at the First Presbyterian Church
at the corner of State and Willett Streets.

The dinner was ﬁrst held for SUNYA students who were
unable to go home for the holiday, but has since expanded to
welcome all members of the community.

According to Refer‘s Stephanie Lafﬁn, last year‘s effort
produced dinners for 2100 people, including 800 dinners
delivered to people too old or ill to attend in person.

depends upon donations of food, money, and volunteer time.
The preparation of the 2000-plus portions of turkey,
stuffing, ham, sweet potatoes, cranberry sauce, and more will
begin on Monday and continuethrough Thanksgiving Day.
Ifyou think you‘d like to help out with the dinner you are

asked to contact‘the Refer Switchboard at 4344200.
— Charles Bell

 

 

await—tonews- briEfL \

  

Lafﬁn said that because the feast is a community effort, it

 

“If I wanted anyone killed," he said softly, I‘l'd kill them
myself. But I don't want anyone killed because I love my OWn
life. ,Does that make sense?" . .

Manson, who was originally sentenced to die but his
sentence was communited to life when the death penalty was

'outlawed in California. He is currently servmg nine
concurrent life sentences. Prisoners in California are
required to appear before the parole board after their ﬁrst
seven years, and then yearly thereafter.

CmterAndMemyatOdds

WASHINGTON '(AP) An angry AFL-cio is charElI‘S
that President Caner, breaking his only. campaign

ﬂpromise-to the labor federation, refused George Meany's

request to talk over Carter‘s anti-inﬂation program a few
days before its formal unveiling. The‘AFL-CIO president
had tried repeatedly without success since late summer for a
meeting with Carter to discuss Meany's objections to the

'plan‘s voluntary wage and price guidelines, AFL-CIO

sources said Wednesday. Carter's refusal incensed Meany,
the sources said. The l4—million member federation‘s
executive council subsequently rejected the program as
unfair to workers and called for mandatory wage-price
controls. Administration offficials said a personal meeting
was unnecessary and could not be scheduled. One ofﬁcial,
noting frequent reports about Carter and Meany not mixing
well personally, said the AFL-CIO would not have changed
its position had the two men met.

Police Look For Shoe Thief

SEATTLE (AP) Police are looking for a man who at-Ieast
three times in three months has attacked women pedestrians,
knocking them down and running offwith one ofhis victim‘s
high-heeled shoes. “The guy definitely is different, there's not

- qttcslion about that." Lt. Robert Holler, police robbery

commander, said yesterday. “He‘s got a fetish. Some people
have fetishes for cltithing—‘bras, women‘s undercloths—this
man ltas a fetish for shoes." Holter said that besides the
known incidents, other cases may have gone unreported
because "a lot of women would rather not go through the
problems of making a report and having to explain this." So
far none of the women has been injured.

I Glorious Fbod

You open up the refrigerator and for the ﬁfth day in a row
that economy-siredjar ofspaghetti sauce is staring you right
In the face. “Come on," it seems to say, “you're too tired to
cook something really good. Use me instead."

Faced that situation a few times you off-campus types?
ch take heart. because a small group ofSUNYA students is

coming to the rescue.
' l'hey‘re four marketing majors named Sue Bulriss, Cheryl
Kaufman, Don Raskin and Ivy Spierer who are busy putting
together a book titled “What‘s Cooking Around Campus,"
iimcd right at the students' palate.

their project is part ofindependent study with Professor
Diinko and an advertising course under Professor Goodman.
l he idea for marketing a cookbook came up this semester,
according to Kaufman and Spierer.

"We saw a need for a cookbook aimed at off-campus
students," Kaufman said Tuesday. “Our idea is to produce
one filled with mostly inexpensive and easy recipies that
don‘t take a lot of time.

“We're even going to include some hilpful hints such as
how to shop, how to store foods, a chart of all the different
measures and cooking terms,“she added.

The four plan to have their 70 page book ready for sale
soon after Thanksgiving, at around SI.25 each. Should the

ﬁrst printing of 5004000 prove to be very popular, they are ’

m it back for another selling.
,tpcrcentage of whatever proﬁts are realized by the

(culinary encyclopedia will be donated to Telethon.

—M.J. Memmott I

Fbr The Record

Dig up all those old records, now is your chance to sell
them, trade them. or buy some others. The area's ﬁrst record
collectors club is now being formed to exchange records,
accessories, or just ideas.

The value of your records will be apprais. oy the club on
the basis ofcondition and scarcity, and the records will not be
limited to any particular type of music.

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

__[ sunya news briefgﬂ

Pessimistic View of Eamorhy

NEW YORK (AP) Depressed by ever-rising prices and '
unimpressed- by proposed economic cures, more than
half the American public is now pessimistic about the future
of the economy, an Associated Press-NBC News poll shows,
Americans clearly do not expect President Carter's voluntary
price and wage guidelines to control inflation—about six out
of to believe inflation will worsen in the next year, the poll
showeduA much—discussed second step in the battle against
inﬂation mandatory Wage and price controls—is Opposed by
a majority of the public. The solution to inﬂation that gel;
the most support is cutting federal spending. The poll, taken
Monday and Tuesday, found 54 percent of those questioned
.expect the economy to get worse in the next l2 months. The
ranks of the pessimists have swollen by nine points since
October, following another nine-point leap in the previous
month.

Mideast Talks at Standstill

WASHINGTON (AP; President Carter awaited an
Egyptian response yesterday to a proposed American
compromise for clearing a major hurdle to a peace treaty
with Israel. President Anwar Sadat‘s response on how to
deal with the Palestinian issue was being delivered to the
White House by Hosni Mubarak, the Egyptian vice-
prcsident. On Wednesday, Sadat said the peace talks are
facing a "serious crisis" and suggested asuspension might be
nccded while both sides think things over. Meanwhile, the
Israeli cabinet delayed its consideration of the latest US.
roposal, waiting for the Egyptian presentation to Carter.
president had urged Israel not to take aﬁnal position on
American proposal until he had heard from Egypt. The
American compromise offer deals with several unsettled
issues, including the link between the talks and future
discussions on the fate of Palestinians on the West Bank of
the Jordan River and in the Gaza Strip. Sadat, in remarks to
university professors and students, said "we have gone a long
way at the Washington talks and have achieved 90 percent of
the road.“ Ilut he added that the discussions “are at a serious
crisis and if we can avoid it in order to achieve the remaining

a

 

by Michele Israel
l'hc newly reinstated SUNYA
Environmental Studies major will be
)ffered in the course curriculum
)cginning Fall, I979. The programis
twaiting final approval from SUNY
.‘cntrnl.

According to Environmental

Studies Planning Committee chair
Harry Hamilton, students are urged
to take existing courses in
linvironmental Studies although the
program won‘t be fully operative
until next year.

llamilton explained that the
program will concentrate on two

 

ﬁrmpus Crime Rate Takes
Lean Beyond Last Year

t'iiiiipus crime at SUNYA in October 5

Increase over October of
Department Monthly Repo

thclt. is many times greater.

and disorderly conduct.

Albniiy County Court.

assistance."

 

 

It) percent by suspending the talks for a while to allow the
parties to think again and then resume, so be it."

Anyone interested in membership or in becoming llll\

exhibitor in next year's Show can contact Marty Wigler at
509-0022 or by writing to him at P. O. Box 541, Littham. N.
Y. IZIIU

—- Charles Hell

To Soothe The Savage Beast

lhc library‘s Red Carpet Lounge won't be a place for
studying tonight. Instead it will resound to Schubert's Die
Wintcrrcise.

the music will be performed by David Laurent, Baritone.
Chairman oftlic Music Department at Brown University. “U
will be joined by Pianist Susanna Waldbaucr, who is
Assistant Professor of Music at the College of the Holy
Cross.

As an extra feature, Chair ofSUNYA‘s Music Department
has consented to allow his Bosendorfer piano to be used for
this concert in honor of thc ISOth Anniversary of Schubert's
death. _

I he concert will begin tonight in the Library at 8:30. There
Its no admission. and all are invited.

—Charles Bell

3

 
 
  
 
  

 

   

The llbrary wlll be the Ito io' n Schubert masterpiece
as well utor studying oarlythls evenlng. (Photo: UPS)

 

 

 

similar 1.7. 1978

 

 

rt of Activity.

[he reported value ol'stolen and damaged propertythrough the ﬁrst
ten months of this year totals approximately $70,000, although
University Police estimate that the actual total, including unreported

llie Follel-SUNY Bookstore estimates that approximately $60,000
in theft and unaccounted shrinkage has occurred thus far in I978. Of
that, only about 550 has been reported to the University Police.

lhe report also states that to persons were arrested during the
month, of which twelve were students. They were charged with the
following offenses: criminal mitichicf, arson, driving wltile intoxicated,
lulsely reporting an incident, criminal possession of stolen property,

University Police reported the arrest of n chssclacr man in
connection with sexual abuse on Alumni Quad. Investigators John
llayncr and Gary O‘Connor, with a composite ofthc miin provided by
the victim, arrested the suspect on October 6. The case is pending in

University Police will be soliciting follow-up comments from
persons who came in contact with ofﬁcers as part of a new program
untied nl “(ininlingj insight into victim perception of the quality of
the service rendered by officers responding to their calls for

 

— Steve Oster J

 

IMui-q» M, n .v

w

Env. Studies Nearly. Off Ground. .r

  

W.- .. ...:  ~~mpﬁwﬂxm¢r£¢ it»:

 

aspects. One will be an academic
program leading - to an
undergraduate as well as a master's
degree in Environmental Studies.

The other aspect is research.

“l‘his will be fundamental
research into environmental matters
which Iiavc an impact on New York
State. It will essentially be the,
application of the Environmental
Studies 'program within the
community.“ explained Hamilton.

lhc Environmental Impact
Statement, which explicitly outlines
the effect of any new facility on the
environment will be published for
the community.

llainilton explained that the
Environmental Institute will be
devoted to the research and
interaction in the community. It will
also publish the New York
lznvironmeiital News and work with
other research centers.

Students in the undergraduate
major program will he required to
lake a total of 24 credits from eight
spcctlicd courses as well as l2 credits
outside of the Environmental
Studies department; I2 credits
outside of the disciplinary field, and
:in optional course from one of the
lollowing choices: Statistics,
(‘ompulcr Science, English, and
Speech.

lllllllllltlll explained that these
course are necessary for a basic
understanding of the environment.

“Ihc program is mostly science
oriented but it does not dominate
social sciences. We feel that these

rmiti‘uut'i/ on page seven

PIRG Finds Druggist Violations

by Charles Hell

A NYPIRG study has indicated
that pharmacists in Albany,
Syracuse, llinghainton and New
York frequently do not comply with
the New York State's (icncric Drugs
l.nw.

SUNYA‘s NYI’IRU Program
Coordinator John“ Ziegler said that
he went to ten area pharmacists as
part offhe survey which investigated
compliance With a state law
requiring sale of generic drugs
instead ofthc more expensive name-
brands.

llie state‘s (icneric Drug Law
requires that a pharmacist substitute
the lowci priced generic drug when
directed to do so by it physician on a
prescription slip.

Ziegler said that he was supplied
with tcn prescriptions for the same

drug, and went to ten pharnincistsin

tlte Albany area to have it ﬁlled.

"A little more than Iialf of the
pliiiriiiiicists failed to substitute the
generic for the name brand," Ziegler
said. “Most of the‘ ten were in
\Itllillltlll ol the main provision of
the low.“

Ziegler said that Food and Drug
Adminstration studies have
indicated that in the vast majority of
cases the generic version ofthe drug
was ioiiiid to be the equivalent ofthc
name brand. I’he NYPIRG study
indicated that the price for a brand
name drug can be as much asﬁve
times higher than that ofthe generic.

" The law was intended to save the
consumer‘s money," said Ziegler,
btit the effect of consumers‘
unfamiliarity with thean results 3”
large—scale nonvcompliancc oy
plutiiiincists.

"In most

 

  
:99”? P

 

 

 

 

The spray-palnted slogans agalnst nuclear power wlll soon be erased
by the Plant Department sald Supervllor Klna. (Photo: Mark Halek)

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

NOWHERE 17. 1979

encountered, a consumer could have
bought the higher priced name
brand drug and not have rcttlilcd
about the alternative," Ziegler said.
“Ihe laws on the hooks are
basically sound," said Ziegler, “most
of the problems he in cnforcciticnt."
l‘l\'C other surveys similar to the
one Ziegler conducted with
NYI’IRG ltcrc in Albany were
carried out by NYI’IRG offices at
SUNY Iiingliamton, Syracuse
University, and in Manhattan,
ltrooklyii and Queens.
the release of the survey results
coincides with an Assembly hearing
in New York City on the subject of
prescription drugs, said Ziegler. He
added that the New York State

Iloitrd of Pharmacies said they
would be looking into the
allegations.

by Jill Haber

The graffiti denouncing nuclear
power spraypniiited nroiiiid the
campus was ptit there by individual
acting without group
according to ll

women
tillilialion.
participant.

“I'Iic women who are politically
aware ill‘l.‘ lashing out," she stiid.
"lhis reaches people. It is a good
outlet for frustrated radicals and
people see it."

the participant said that the
painting was done in conjunction
with National ~ Karen Silkwood
Week. which ends lodny.

"We‘ll start taking it off
loiiioi‘row.‘ said Plant Department
Senior Maintenance Supervisor
Don King yesterday. "We can only
ltlht'. oil the surface. Apparently
what we‘ll do is paint the concrete
white.“

King said that the last time the
ciiiiipus was spray painted was after

l i’ ‘ rte

An undergraduate malor In Envlronmental Studles wlll be avallable

next tall, accordlng to professor Harry Hamllton. (Photo: Sam Tcrllll)

O’LearyrAsfks For Contact
With RetrenchEd Faculty

by M. J. Memmott

SUNYA President Vincent
t)‘l.citry hits suggested that all
rclrcnched faculty be informed of
job openings at SUNYA. if those
lllClIlly show an interest in re-
cmploymcnt here, according to Vice
President for lliiivcrsity Affairs
Lewis Welch.

Any lnculty who lost his or herjob
III the I970 rctrcnchmcnts and keeps
in contacl with either 0'l.eary‘s or
the personnel office will be sent
notices of vacancies in postltons
similar to those they previously held,
\\ clcli said.

lhcse noticcs will be sent outcven
beyond the six month time perisi‘l
during which the University is re-
quired to make such information
ilHllltlhlc to the former faculty.

Section 35.5 of the contract
between the State and the United
University Professions (which
represents SUNY employees) states
that tor a period of six months
"lollowing the effective date of
icti'cuchmcnt the University shall
give special consideration for place-
mcnt witliiti the University to an
employee who has been notified that
lIlS services will be terminated as it
result of retrcncliiiienl, provided
that it suitable position for which the
employee is otherwise qualified is
mailable."

m   I Women Mark Campus With
' " '  Anti-Nuclear Power Slogans

the i'clrcnchmcnts in 1976.
Coiitnclcd for information about
Karen Silkwood Week, Feminists
United to Save the Ettrtht FUSE), an
Albany group, explained that
Silktvood was a worker and union
organizer iii the Kerr-McGee
plutonium factory of Oklahoma
who was mysteriously killed in it hit
and um car accident when she was
on her way to talk with a New York

limes reporter about allegedly
unsafe working conditions in the
plant.

According to FUSE
spokespersons, Silkwood was
liniiisscd for her investigative

activities at the plum ntid for her
tiiiion organizing. She was
contaminated with plutoniunt on
llll'cc’ﬁcplll'tllc occasions.

the documents she had with her
on her way to meet with the reporter
disappeared from her car after the
crush.

Ilie agreement also reqmrcs tiie
Uiiiversitytooffcr re-cmploymentto
any retrenched faculty, should his or
her former position be reinstated
within a two-year time period from
the elleciite date of retrenchment. It
SIICCIIlUS that it is the individual
liictilty member‘s responsibility to
make sure tltc University has tic-
curate. tip-to-dutc records of his or
her current address, in order to ex-
pedite the process of offering
employment.

U‘l.cary has statedthat he is com~
mined to notify “as often as possible
Illly retrenchecs of any openings we
have." ' ‘ A   '

"It‘s at policy; even if the law
stipulates only a six month period,
wc‘ll keep sending them notices long
tiller," ()‘l.enry said.

SUNYA Assistant Director of
Personnel llcnry Mau said yester-
day that a retrenchcd faculty
member is informed of it“
professional vacancies at SUNYA,
regardless of what field, during the
initial six iiioiilli period.

"We may or may not be aware of
llll the person's specialties,“ Mau
said. "lo make sure we don‘t miss
something, we send them
ctcrything."

()nc former SUNYA professor
who was retrcnchcd, attests to that
Incl. ll. lterkcly Peabody, chair of
the Comparative Literature depart-
ment at the lime of its retrenchment,
icccivcd job noti'ces from
throughout the SUNY system deal-
mg willi subjects ranging from
science to nude modeling. Since the
end of his own six month period,
however, Peabody has received no
job correspondence from SUNYA
or SUNY.

Vice President for Academic Af-
kln David Martin said last night
that since Peabody's period ended in
March, no positions had opened
which he might have been qualified
for.

Welch said that only about six of
the 32 retrenchcd tenured faculty
have kept it] contact with SUNYA
past their six month period ofspecial
consideration.

()ne former faculty who has been
contacted regarding it job opening is
another past chair of Comparative
Literature, Joseph Swverffy.
Slovcrlly is also currently suing
both SUNYA and SUNY for what
he considers to have been an unjust
ielreiicliinciit in his case.

PAGE THREE

 

 

