   
     
     
     
   
     
     
   
    
 
    
      
   
     
     
  

  

   
 
 
   
 
 
  
  
  

    
  

The Secret Life of

Hebert Cortmell

cry few people in the art
department really know about
this."
And indeed there is
something of Walter Mitty in
Robert Cartmell. To his students and
fellow faculty in SUNYA's Fine Arts
Department, he is a competent and
talented assoeiate professor. But. to
thousands of roller coaster freaks across
the country. he is their guru.

Laurie Smilan

Although he may "not be recogniled as
a cult leader on this campus. Cartmcll's
coastermania ltas attracted much
attetition elsewhere. He has made two
appearances on the Today show. has
appeared on ‘Io full The 'I‘ruI/r and tire
('BS and NBC news. anti has been the
subject ol numerous articles iii \arioii-.
inaga/incs arid newspapers. (‘artmell has
researched a travelling C\lilhllltlll oti
roller coasters tor the Srititltsoniati
institute which has been touring tlte
country siiecessiully lor two years. and
collaborated on tlte movie It'o/lr-rcmmr'i'.
He has lectured esictisively on the subject
arid his book on roller coasters. which he
claims is the tirst ol its kind. will be
pitblishcd by Simon and Schuslei'
sometime next year.

Robert Cai'tmell is a rather
unassuming looking mart. short ot stature
and slight of build. But he does have a sort
of inexplicable mischicvious air about
him; he looks as one would imagine a
pixie would look atterhe‘sgrown tip. He‘s
an ell’starting toshow signs ofgray in hair
just long enough to be slightly tossellcd
going down a steep roller coaster incline
at (it) miles per hour.

Arid Cat'tmell‘s blue eyes really tlo light

 

 

up when the conversation turns to the
massive wood and steel structures which
majestically preside over the amusement
parks, thrilling and chilling those who

‘ dare to thunder along its curves and

twists. ’l‘hose eyes get a far-away. starry
look in them. and Cartmell hesitates
before he speaks. waiting till he gets over
that last hill . . .

“l‘ve been riding roller coasters since i
was six. My oldest brothers dragged me
on to one. the lf"/iir/ii-ilitl Dip/reri n Santa
Monica. they were sadistic and l was
seated to death."

But the young ('artmell didn‘t let his
initial tcr‘i'ot' keep him off the coasters:
"Since tltcti. |‘\c been on 22‘) dilfcr'cnt
titles."

('artinell says this is the way a lot of
coaster maniacs first become addicted.
“Many people are lirst dared to go on.
I‘ve seen people laint when they‘ve gottcri
oll roller coasters. Biii then they‘re brick
on within an hour. It becomes a
challenge: iliey‘ic going to lick that roller
coaster."

In (‘artmell's case. it becatrie more than
a challenge: it becarirc art obsession. “l
was. tor better or worse art arrriy brat, so
we moved around a lot. l’hc first day. I'd
take out the yellow pages atttl look for
amusement parks." ('artmell says that
being exposed to tlillcrcnt roller coasters

"was the great part ol travellingaround so

much." I

Why does he do it‘,' "i was afraid you'd
ask that *qtiestion." ('artmcil replied

somewhat sotirly. but good-httniorcdly.
“l'\eryone always asks ‘Wliat's a grown
man doing still riding roller coasters‘.". i
don't know. it makes me feel elated. i feel
better when I get oil of rollereoasters. lt‘s
Inn.

"Bowling (iieen t’iiiiersity offered a
two credit course on roller coasters and
held seminars at which I spoke. ()ne ofthe
seminars was on '\\ by People Ride Roller
t'oastcrs'. (‘aitiiiell s;l)s sortie of ilie
reasons ptoieiied were such things as
"Rebellion against parental authority."
itui pittitlsiililllcillthhiliU on the sublet-tot
roller coaster s is all stttii and nonsense to
tailinell. "I don‘t call that
knowledgeable debate. 1 call that
pompous,"

He does. however. belic\e that a lot oi
the appeal oi coasters is that they are a
lot oi oi escapism. "\ oti feel free. it is the
same sort oi thing as flying. The Wright
Brothers and (‘haries Lindberg were big
roller coaster tans. Btit it‘s oti a different
level . .. lite elemetit of danger isn‘t
there."

When queried if they were really safe.
(‘arinicll piqued a bit. " l'hey‘re ver'v safe.
’l he cars are locked on the track by wheels
otiall sides. it's impossible forthcnitoiall
ott the track. All this about cars shooting
oil the track into space it orin happens
in the movies."

  

  

. yr

, f x , -r .
Robert Cartmelt the kingpin of coaster maniacs regards the objects
othtstond affection in his SUNYA office. (Photo: Steve ngro)

But. as (‘artmell admits. people are
killed on roller coasters every year. “ But."
lie protests. “when people get killed itsthc
passengers' latilt. People stand tip and
change seals. '1 here‘s even one game
where you start iii the front seat and. by
the end ol the ride. you have toend tip in
the back seat." ('artiticll asserts that it is
this sort of loolittgarotintl that causes all
roller coaster mishaps.

(fat'tmell. ltowchr, always rides safely.
in all his years liavirtg only suffered
bruises. He maintains a proper respect for
the coaster: a respect which springs from
love.

“What makes a roller coaster good is if
it gives you a total ride from beginning to
end. with hills and eurvesand tunnels and
w liaievereise they waiit to throw at you.“
A nd Cartmell is a roller coaster
ti aditionalist. “The newer ones aren‘t like

VV.l"i.LAi73b,C .3TRUCTlOH
' BUiLDER5

 

The beautifully ilt Ben Hur Racer. 009

that. lhey‘rc too smooth, \\ltt'tt‘ tlrr
oltlet' coasters are like barristoiitiiiaI
platics. the new ones are like icts ion
don‘t even know they‘re mo\ till! I likcin
hear all that clanking and iaiiiimr "

Unfortunately. however. mam ol llit‘
old coasters Cartmcll loves ate now
extinct. including his all ittiti.‘ taionic.
Bob‘s iti Chicago. ("it was ill a tough
neigltborhood but i went anyway "i litii
roller coasters are having a renaissance.
twelve have been btiilt this year and many
others are on the drawing board.

('artmcll can‘t explain the ptest'iit
boom. “I've tried to draw a parallel
between the seventies and the twenties.
hill 1 can‘t find one." llowcwr. he cited a
Time magazine article which stated that
amusement parks outdraw all
professional sports cotnbittcd.

Robert Cartmcll is one of iheieasoiis.

m «M '

   

oi the grand

i =1; ;,,..Mri—,~.W 

here’s “The Mystic Screw."

“The Great American Scream

Machine." “Circle of Death,“

"The Vomit Cornet“ and. of

course. the legendary
"Cyclone."

The names alone of these famous
“coasters” are enough to invoke
thoughts of excitment. danger and
nausea. From the time ofthe 15th century
ice—slides of Russia to the present day

-. mammoth loop-the-loop that terrorize

 

old woman tram

 today‘s amusement park goers. people

have always longed for the feeling of
temporary weightlessncss and the
opportunity to cast all cares to the wind
and scream their lungs out.

Edith Berelson

One of the earliest ancestors of
Amerieair roller coasters was a converted
1870 Pennsylvania mining cart. This was
followed by the development of the
“Switchback Railway“ in Coiiey Island in
1884. Although the speed rarely hit a
whining () mph, the price was right: a
nickel a ride.

'I‘hough roller coasters had a
significant following from then on. the
192015 are considered the undisputed “era
ofthe coaster“. in 1927. the height ofthe
eoastermania, some 1,500 scream
machines dotted America amusement
parks. Out of these, however, only 200 or
so still remain incineration.

One of the most fearsome of the
defunct coasters was Crystal Beach
Amusement Park‘s "Cyclone", built in
1927 on the Canadian side of Lake Erie.
 Hall, Vice President of Crystal

 

      

v ‘ a 4

0d roltorcoacters, attracted

exited crowds In Its heyday.

Ups and Dawn: of
Hollercoosters

Beach told a New York Times Reporter
that the "Cyclone" was the “only coaster l
have heard of that had a nurse manninga
first-aid station at the unloading
platform." Woman were known to faint
from the ride and broken ribs suffered
from flying elbows were a common
casualty. Because of such incidents. the
cyclone was torn down in 1941. it had
been deemed a high insurance risk.

According to Hall, enjoyment of the
ride was more of a spectator sport titan a
personal experience because few were
courageous enotigli to ride it. However.
one coastermanic ventured the totigli
route of the rails 67 times within three
hotirs on the Cyclonc‘s opening day.

l'he Great Depression brought with it a
desccntion iii the coaster‘s popularity arid
availability. A strong upswing did not
occtir until the late (10‘s and early 7t)‘s with
the onset of the new million dollar
coasters. A pritnc example of these isthc
newly built 3.240 foot Loch Ness Monster
at Busch tiardcns in Williamsburg
Virginia. The Roller Coaster Clttb of
America was lotrnded at the “Monster‘s”
opening this past .ltirie. Among the
eclebraties on ltartd for opening day
festivities was (mini-) eoastermaniac Amy
Carter.

For Cedar Pointand the Ccnterforthc
Study of Popular Culture at Bowling
Green State University in Ohio, coaster
appreciation was at its peak this post July
4th weekend. 'l‘hey co-sponsored
“Coastermania”, a conference on coaster
culture. Fanatics rolled in from such far-
away placcs as New York, Texas and
California. Among the attractions oftiiis
Coaster festival were the park's 5 Roller

 
  
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
  
    
 
 
  

‘ .

('oastcrs. seminars. displays. lectures and
slide and film presentations. An extra
added plus for the cnt'ollces of Bowling
(ircen was the possibility of earning two
college credits in the field of coaster
ettlturc.

In comparing the actual coasters
t hcmselves. almost all purists agree on the
superiority of the old-fashioned wooden
fratned variety with metal rails. This
makes the coaster more noisy and,
apparently, make them seem all the more
dangerous. An area ofdisscnt.howcveris
the part of the coaster that gives the best
ride. Those that advocate the front seat
do so because it gives the smoothest ride.
and there are no cars in front ofthe rider. it
gives the best impression of
weightlessness. lf bumpiness and having
a view of row of frantic screams thrills
you. then the backseat route isthe one for
yott.

Whichever seat yott choose. an
important thing to remember. coaster
operator's stress. is not to change your
mind in the middle. Most attendants
claim that the roller coaster is probably
the safest ride in the amusement park as
long as riders don‘t stand up. A tragic
incident occttred iii old (ilcn Park in
Washington l).('. when a young man
tried tostand on top ofa car while the tide
was in progress. He fell to itistantancotts
death as all riders watched. When the ride
stopped his girlfriend got oitt of the car.
while all other passengers stayed on for
more!

Most Coaster stories are a bit more
light-hearted. A girl at Le Sourdsville
Lake in Cincinatti discovered the
importance of windpowcr while riding a
coaster in nothing but a paper dress. She
wound up sailing itito the end of the ride
stark-naked.

Dignity is not the only thing that
people have lost while riding the rails.
Attendcrits have found such diverse
articles as money. underwear and false
teeth under seats.

Explanations for coastermaniti are
varied. The Detroit News Mitgarine
quoted l)i'. Rtiy Brown of the Center for

Roller coasters reached their heydey In the 1920's.

.42“:

the Study of Popular Culture at Bowling
(ircen in his response. “it‘s just a theory.
but i suspect that we‘re frustrated bytliiit
animal violence when there is no crisisto
focus it. so we let it all out on thrill rides."
Coaster designer John Allen told
Smithsonian Magazine that “Part ofthe
appeal is the imagined danger. That‘s why
riders start screaming before the car even
takes off.“
Psychologist Lawrence Batter of New
York University‘s explanation may
explain the coaster's appeal for high school
and college students. he told a Newsweek
reporter that coasterriding isv“a‘safe way
of breaking free of the realistic limits. [an
adult way of] letting go ofone's parents."
Whatever the reason, rollercoasters
continue to be one of the most popular of
amusement park attritctions. Although
coasters rarely peak speeds 01‘60 mph,it‘s
the quick acceleration and the
appearance of danger that make the ride
exciting. After that first mechanized
posit. gravitv takes over and it‘s just you
and your car versus the challenge of the
rails: tip and down and up and. . . l’epto
Bismol anyone'.‘

  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
  
 
    
    
  
  
    
  
 
  
 
  
   
  
    
  
  
  
     
   
     
    
    
  
  
   
  
  
 
   
       

        
  
   
    
     
    
        
      
    
    
      
    
    
   
    
 
     
    
     
    
      
   
   
    
 
    
    
   
    
    
    
   

 
  

 
 
 

 
 
 
 
   

 
 
 
  
   

 

   

    

