 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

letters ' <

 

 

 

 

 

Birth of’An Education

‘by Stephen Worth

As a typicalcollege student. that is, one with
both a mild interest in his studies and a strong
urge to avoid them. i would like to relate a
rather refreshing learningexperieneeand in so
doing suggest an alternative to the traditional
hum-drum text-book lecture style of
education. The learning medium 1 refer to is
that of film.

My motivation to write comes after viewing
the film The Birth ofa Nation. a ﬁlm whichl
found to be both shocking and perplexing.
The film was screened as part of the Art
Cinema course taught by Professor Arthur
Lenning. The major topic focused on by
filmmaker D. W. Griffith is the turmoil ofthe
post civil war south. it is a film tainted by the
sentiments ofa born southerner (Grifﬁth; one
who quite naturally sympathized with the
southern cause.) it is precisely this loss of
objectivity which has provoked me to
simultaneously think and experience
profound emotion. One of the more hideous
intents of the film. which quickly aroused my
anger. is an attempted (and at the time of its
release. successfully so)glorification oft he Ku
Klux Klan.

in text book learning. as a necessity of
time limitations we are taught to record facts
at a constant and extremely rapid rate.
Through film. however, we are allowed to
visualize and reﬂect - assuming we are
experiencing a film of high caliber. The
assassination of Lincoln, a fact with which we
are all familiar. becomes more startling and

  
   

heart breaking than ever when seen in this
film. To the unimaginative mind a written
historical account gives the impression of
ﬁction. while the visual representation of
history conveys the impression of reality.

< it may be argued that history can be
distorted to a point of absurdity in film and
thereby lose all value as a device through
which to learn. Admittedly. a distorted
account of history in film is the rule rather
than the exception (ask John Wayne). The
value ofthis type of film. ifany. is interms of
entertainment. The type offilm which i speak
in favor of is the kind laboriously pieced
together by a dedicated filmmaker such as
Grifﬁth. Though the viewing audience is held
well under the thumb ofthe skilled filmmaker.
to bepicked up and let down at his whim. this
same pitfall may be attributed to the writer
historian. Even the thoroughly scrupulous
historian whose only aim is precise objectivity
not only faces an impossible task, but is likely
to present an unbearably dull account of
history and thus lose his audience.

This danger all but disappears in film
viewing. for me. and I believe most other
students. if history is presented in a grossly
inaccurate fashion. the prejudices of the
filmmaker are easily detected. More
importantly. however. is the ability which film
has to induce the viewer to first visualize.thcn
seriously reflect upon the events of history.
This provocation to think is. to me, the
essential purpose of education.

 

 

 

 

 

 

Hitl.\'l have JOINt'lhllig to hitch about. So put is
in writing. The ASP welcomes letters to the
t‘t/llUl‘. letters .i'hou/d be typed. double
.\'/Hlt‘t'tl. and addressed to the editorial pages,
(/0 lltt' ASI’. (‘mnptu‘ ('t'nlt'r 329.

Write 0n!

l/‘yuu go to .l't'hutll at Albany State. you

 

 

 

The Pits

To the Editor: ‘
i personally am upset to see the
transportation problem at Pitman Residence
Hall. l feel the University has not dealt with
the situation in a proper and speedy manner.
Students are provided with an inadequate

amount of bus runs between ll:30 a.m. and

2:30 p.m. during the weekdays. Late buses
should also be provided so that Pitman Hall
residents can patronize bars and other
business establishments in the city of Albany.

As it stands now. those students at Pitman
without cars are severely limited in theirscope
of travel.

if the University would take a proper look

at the transportation probiemdirectly. instead.

of relying on actions resulting from the
lengthy bureaucratic hierarchy. perhaps the
problem could be remedied before the end of
the Fall ‘78 semester. it would be nice to think
that SUNYA administrators actually listen to
student‘s common problems instead of giving
them the runaround.

A Concerned Student

Quad
Conditions

To the Editor:

The residents of State Quad find themselves
quite perturbed over the degeneration of the
appearance of our living area. We continue to
find that year after year State Quad has been
constantly neglected and We feel that there
should be some effort made in the direction of
renovating State Quad. consequently bringing
our residence up to the standards being
maintained at other living areas in this
university.

We find that there is no justiﬁcation for
conditions such as holes in the wall. peeling
paint. leaking toilets. dark and dingy halls.
torn carpets. broken furniture, filthy
stairwells. missing screens. etc .... .. While we.
pay exorbitant fines for these above
conditions. there has been no rectification of
the declining situation here at State Quad.

Hopefully the University will see fit to take
notice and begin a renovation program on
State Quad and rectify these substandard and
unacceptable living conditions which
constantly plague those of us who reside at
State Quad.

Andy Bickwit

State Quad Central Council Rep.
Alan Fine

State Quad. Executive Board

Dave Weinstraub

State Quad, University Senate Rep.

Utter Clutter

To the Editor:

l think by now few in the Unircrsiiy
community have failed to notice the metal
sculptures which adorn thee casternsidc ofihe
podium. i am certain those pieces hiiie
generated much discussion as to what is art \s,

their efforts. LC. 18 was stiﬂing.
Again. to all students. faculty. and staff who
viewed our movies. we tried.
Marilyn Forman
Albany State Cinema

Be Patient

To the Editor:

in response to Aron Smith's article on the
“Unlit” Torch appearing in last Tuesday's
,isl'. I would like to reiterate the reasoning
behind the decision to publish a fall-issued
rather than a spring-issued yearbook.

The primary consideration is one ofquality.
A yearbook requires hundreds of
photographs selected from literally thousands
of pictures taken. A book that is issued in May
has its first deadline in October. Thatdeadline

{ could comprise nearly one-third of the book.

tiiven timb for the processing and printing of

photographs. and for layout and copyworlt
necessary to turn those pictures into coherent
pages. this could mean close to one hundred
pages in the yearbook would be shot in as
short as a two-week period. That is not really

representative of the total time a student -

spends at this university in a year.

Furthermore. a spring-issued book must be
completed by early February. This would
necessitate the yearbook to ignore such
significant university events as graduation.
Telethon. Mayf'est and the entire springsports
season. »

So. in the interest of producing a high-
quality comprehensive yearbook. we decided
to join the ranks of hundreds ofotber colleges
and universities in publishing a fall yearbook.
l'herearcvcry few whostiliprintaspring b0 k.
In fact. some major. universities such as
M.l.'l‘. and U.N.C Chapel Hill distributetheir
yearbooks one yeiir after the graduation ofa
class. We. the staff of the Torch. hope you will
look critically at the 1978 Torch and see how
its quality compares to books of previous
years. We think you will be pleased.

Amy Kluglcin
Editor. Torch [979

 

 

 

what is not art. This letter is not intended in '~

add to this discussion.

However. i believe there comes it time when
one has to distinguish between an exhibit and
“clutter”. The area between the l"inc Arts
building and the Administration building is
cluttered. it is easy enough for sighted
individuals to pick their way through the area.
but i wonder if any thought was given to ilic
members of the community who are visually
impaired. For them the area is like an ()ihllltlic
course. This shows an appalling lack of rcgiird
for others or. what‘s more likely. (i hope). it
shows a disappointing lack of awareness.

Peter Hogan

Sorry Folks

To The Editor:

i would like to apologize on behiill of Albany
State Cinema for the lack of air ventilation in
L.C. [is during the Friday and Saturday slioiu
of “The Goodbye Girl."

The Plant Department was called and
attempted to let natural air in because the till

 

Four Unrelated Law —
More Than Unfair

 

 

 

conditioners had been turned off. Dcspllc

 

 

i

 

 

 

 

 

FEIFFER

 

 

 

 

“0 asset 
trave Haws Powdae Aw

 

 

 

Art Phinney. director of the Albany Code
Enforcement Bureau. attended a recent
meeting of the Pine HilLs Neighborhood
Assoication as a guest speaker. When the
discussion turned to the subject of students he
proved once again the city's blatant disregard
for the rights of student tenants. Mr Phinncy
made several statements concerning Albany's
anti-grouping ordinance. passed last year by
the Albany Common Council. The law cites
four or more unrelated persons living in the
same apartment as a major housing code
violation.

The ordinance is unfair and discriminatory
at the outset, but Mr. Phinney's comments at
the Pine Hills meeting threw salt on an open
\iound. When asked about his bureau's policy
on enforcing the law. he stated that the anti-
grouping stature would not be appliedto units

that have four or more original bedrooms. that i

is. apartments which have not been subdivided
to increase occupancy. Except. Mr. i’hinney
went on to explain. in situations where " other
prohle  have developed. His broad
definition of such problems seem to include
complaints from neighbors. excessive noise.
lack of adequate parking spaces. or anything
else the Code Enforcement Bureau regards as
inappropriate or immoral behavior.

Recently, a few landlords have been ﬁned
bythe City for renting apartments to4or more
students. Other victims of this discriminatory
law have received notices from the city citing
them for violation of the Anti-Grouper law.
More often than not. this citation serves as a
scare tactic against landlords and students.
The legality of the notice of violation is
questionable since the notices have often been
issued without proper documentation that
there are actually four or more unrelated
people living in the same apartment. This
process seems to bc a violation of the right of
due process. which is afforded to every citizen
according to law.

This kind of arbitriiryapplication ofthe law
is unconstitutional and it comes dangerously
close to police state intimidation. it is simply
one more expression ol the fact that City Hall
\icws student tenants as a transitory mass of
non—voting. powerless individuals. llut a
dangerous precedent is being set when
government officials use the law to impose
their standards upon private behaiior. We
appeal to Mr. l’hinncy to rcconsrder his policy
on enforcing the anti-grouping law on an
arbitrary basis. We further appeal to \oiirig
iiicinhcrs of the Albany community to push
for repeal of this unjust ordinance.

 

 

 

to the housing Inlpuctor gone yet?

 

Thank You, Mr. Governor

Almost a year ago to this day, SUNY students across the state were
realizing that the money generated from the $8.50 charge which was
called “student health fee” didn't go to student health services at all. It
was a front for an increase in tuition, a' blatant attempt to shaft SUNY

' students.

What ensued was a year of wide-spread opposition to the bogus fee;
an opposition which took the form of protests, sit-ins. boycotts and
lobby efforts. Many promises were made by many people that the health
fee would not be included in the next year‘s budget. Unfortunately,
those promises were made by politicians, and we all know how much
promises from politicians are worth. it is a year later, and the health fee
remains in the SUNY Budget. Amazing, isn't it?

The first bunch of politicians to promise the repeal of the health fee
was the State Legislature. However, when they passed the budget, the
health fee remained. instead of keeping their promise, the legislators fed
student leaders a lot of rhetoric and linked an unrelated issue, the
increase in Tuition Assistance Plan aid, to the health fee as a reason for
not dropping it from the budget. They were playing politics as usual,
and the students were getting the short end of the political stick.

Enter another politician, Governor Hugh Carey. Add some more
promises. made from Carey aides to student leadersthis summer that the
health fee would be repealed. The equation turned out the same:
politician plus promise equals nothing. Carey apparently will not push
for the repeal of the fee. according to student leaders. By not acting,
Carey is adding to what is an already incredible display ofdisdain for the
students and student leaders of the SUNY system.

Student leaders have pursued the proper channels in an attempt to
have the health fee repealed. What they have met up with is a disgraceful
display of how our government does not work; how it refused to
acknowledge an obvious inequity by not acting upon it. Students have
not only been shafted by the fee itself. they have been shafted by the
politicians who have lied to them about having the fee taken out of the
budget.

Perhaps students are at the breaking point. Perhaps it is time for
stronger action, taken to Governor Carey‘s front door downtown. What
seems to be forgotten in this whole matter is that SUNY students still
paid 517 last year which they shouldn‘t have. Each SUNY student
deserves a $17 check from last year. And what of this year, and next?
The student health fee will remain, unless student action is taken. And
that action should result in action by the politicians. not promises.

 

 

 

iiiimuﬂtsiriin. i. r»(- :'

\ll \ii‘~l‘-Ittll. lit i.l~~t‘~, it. s.  1.1
JiiL Htszi
Sir-2 Osru
Ernrii Bruno-c is! ilfj Ssiiiiu
Dex-.15 SLilE‘rER
Rir'ti 55-1.leer
Pu l. S: its. Kill.
ZACH Mum.

Nuns roima

th rut \[VsS lDIIUl
-\SPU rs roirors

ASSIK in: out r» [01”)!
Smith toiros

“mun: spans EDIIOI
horrositi PUrLS EDITOR
sittr “turns: 1.1 8.2:: Jenet Lerni. \fzt:: Dr‘m. ken Kurt). Dan/J Osborn. J H Reilly.
in union: Jen-c Sc...r:r IODH( was: TAMI: Sci-nub
.txnn Herr was toiml oi mu 5: Maul-ea Cm.

    
 

 

'\.'ili'2 \ii‘illl‘r. [1.1%.c
PII\IE\A Pt r

  

Jonrau Honors. Bkunrrir Mexican
Dissiz Korr
Ruin COHEN
Sins :tssea
Benn BiU'Ar.

 led;v “Liner cusstriro

—\D\[ITlSl\t. suntan

Bitiisi; rosst L‘l’t‘s'i

PA‘IOLL stutou

Booxxtrrisr.

uLLs PIISD\\ILI Stet: Goldstetn. Jet'l' Lenten. R

touring-m: Sin: \tsur courasmos: Psi hie-Cris: ours to PIODLCTION HANAGII:

Irene iirrrut to PIODLCTIO": Hiidy Brand Liz Xu . Liz Rozv-ocd, Laura Schnub.

Siepnanze Sherman orncz: Lesa A;pl:beurr.. Ruth Tereii. Danes: Fried
.‘vitcuui GtLt‘ros. 5011.31»: .Valmger
Hunb Cult‘ru. .uiitan: Projamcn Haj-.232!
. Loanst LiBiiAiOiE

Batu Kcarzii

 
  

 

Hun n risr
VKIHCAL (wt-t . . . . . . . . .
run-u: Sally Ann Brecher. Lynn Hen. Wendy Kaufrrun. Laurie Swdvteil nrisrs: Helen:
bracket. Cheryl Kaufman. Clara Kuebler. Fran Leavitt. Janet Shea. is) Spterer. Adela Sielkr
not nu: Leslie Appelbsum
Pnorocnnn. supplied primepat'ly b). L'ntierxtti Pluto Sew-ire
cam moment-nu: Mary Ann Haul ruoroouratu: Tony Tmarottr. Laura \r'iscusi.
Scuii Amman. Rosrme Kuhkoft'. Bob Leonard. Tanya Ann Haney. Jefi Schneebaum.
Sam Terelli. Home Jacobs. John Chou. Ta: Moon Lee
ESTABLISHED l9|6
The “ban. Student Prat upubluhedner; Tuesdaytmd Friday during tl'ztchooi'yyea/ by the
dim/r. Sudan! Prat Corporanan. rm independer not-for-proﬂt orgamzalton Edtlorul
[in/ii". l! datermmld by) the ﬁx’ua-tn-Chie}: and Lt tubject to In it». by (ht EdLYOﬂGI Board.
tlaiimg address. Albany Student Press. CC 329. [4117 Washington Ave. Albany. NY [.7232

 

 

 

 

 

 

AleNY STUko pn£ss
conpomriou

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

