 

n
Y
A

.

M. __
A.

 

 

l
.

 

 

 

_'here is definitely something
magical about it." tThere's
s'omething indescribably,‘
tantalizing about the ﬂashing
lights. something alluringly‘
‘bawdy about the cacaphony of electronic
buzzers and,bells, about the beautiful
brazen women and colorful caricatured
erotica. And the silver ball. -

 
 

Laurle Smllen

 

Pinball isn't exactly a sport. not is it a
mindless pastime. For its devotees it
is an obsession, a fantastical relief from
the reality comparable only to certain
rare mystical experiences. As he steps out
of the lecture center and into the game
room the pinball player is transformed.
His mind is soon devoid ofsuch mundane
thoughts as credits and exams. He is
spellbound by the silver ball.As Roger
Sharpe in his book. Pinballl. puts it:
“Playing pinball is like making love. it
demands the complete concentration and
total emotional involvement of the
player. Nothing else will do.“

What is it that makes pinball so
captivating. so bewitching’! In less
enlightened times it was indeed though to
be the working of some supernatural
force: the devil himself. or at least his
disciples; the hoodlums and mobsters of
the thirties.

lo the mid-thirties the success of
pinball was seriously threatened by the
increasing popularity of slot machines.

I he slot machines offered an incentive for
playing for which the mere challenge of
pinball was no match: the possibility of a
pay-out, .

'l he competition became so steep that
pinball manufacturers began to design
machines which promised pay-outsto the
skillful player. I he introduction of such
games. however proved to be a veritable
disaster for the industry, l’inball
operators were soon linked with
organi/ed crime. which indeed controlled
much ol the lucrative slot tnaehine racket.
I’inball soon came to be viewed as a
corrupting shamctul and subversive game
played by slea/y dcrelccts looking for a

,iluick buck._ The game was soon
associated with the likes of Dillinger and
Al Capone. and before long, city councils
and state legislatures were passing anttj
pinball legislation. Pinball wasthe rootot
evil and the youth of America had to 
protected. There was trouble right here "‘1
River City. with a capital T and that
rhymes with P and that stands for . . .

pinball. . '
New York City Police Comtsstoner

Louis J. Valentine commended then New I

York City Mayor Fiorello La Guardia for
the ban he imposed'on the evil machines
on the Big Apple. As quoted in Sharpe's
Hobo/1!. he declared that “ . . . pinball
machines are a harmful inﬂuence because
of their strong tendency to instill and
develop a desire for gambling in
immature young people. . .Children and
minors who play these machines and
frequent the establishments where these
machines are located sometimes commit
petty larcenics in order to obtain funds.
form bad associations and are often led
intojuvenile delinquency and.eventually.
into serious crime." This rage against
pinball was not easily quelled; It was not
unitl I976 that the city councils of New
York .nd Chicago (the birthplace of
pinball) allowed the silver ball to again
toll in their lair cities.

lhe controversy about pinball. while
greatly mitigated. still exists today.
According to Zodiac News Services.
David McKearnin. a specialist in
addiction research at Mc(iill University.
believes that "youngsters can be hooked
oit pinball machines much like others
becomes addicted to drugs and
gambling." And indeed there may be
some truth to his theory that penny
arcades aitd game rooms such as the one
located in SUNYA‘s campus center may
well be turning people into “pinball
addicts.“ As one student Michael
Hirshhorn. an affirmed addict who
spends seven dollars in quarters a week
puts it. "Every Friday I check my pockets
tor quarters and debate whether to play
or to do a wash. I haven't done a wash
since I‘ve been up here.“

“Pinball is like making love.”

 

 

 

 

“ .~.

ma 5* ‘.

i  f "V9 P’al’éd the ilver ball... ’j

F‘s-Ezra?“ 1

 

 

  

Side photos by Roanne Kulakolt. Center photo and cover bYJa'" FHam'llOn II'om Roger C. Sharpe’s book. "Pinball"

 
   

 

 

Am] 501116 play to take out theirfrustrations. Derrick Rubin saysthat
When he plays he feels like he is “teaching someone a lesson." And when
h“ L“ Playing a machine with a picture ofa beautiful woman on it he says
that he is “teaching her a lesson.“ Rubin explains it this way: "l’retty
girls will never talk to you. She (the girl on llally‘s Strikes and Spares) is
"5” had looking. So I take out my frustrations on her. I love the
lH ltlclures." I
I Most players. however. deny that there is a sexual aspect to plllhllli.
Slcve (ioldstein, who claims to be the “(iold Rush" champion, says that
"lllc pictures don't make a difference . . . Your mind is totally on the
game.“ lirie Block who spends “about eight dollars a Week" on the
nuieltines agrees. "Concentration." he says. "is the key to the game.

l:vcr since he was ayoung boy Robert (‘artmell has plilyk'd 'i'“ “1‘”
ball. l he Fine Arts professor was raised in Chicago. where the iritml' ‘3'“
its tnlaney. so pinball is practically in his blood.

Asked about why he plays pinball. Carttnell responded that ii “in 1‘
"challenge." He says that “It’s nice to defeat a machine at'tei beingslllfk
at so many red lights."

Matt l'oWer. a relatively new player who becatne hooked on pilllti
only last .lune agrees that much ofthe lure ofthe game is the L’lliliit‘lllic'
Illut another motivation for the spending ofhis quarters is that "Pllli’iln
is a relief frotn everything."

.lohn Weitrieh on the other hand, plays "just to waste tints"-

‘mlcrﬁ play because they ﬁnd pinball relaxing . fun cotnpclllilt’illld

 

—-by Laurie Smilan

 

ekeiti ng.

 

_drop my quarter intothe coin
slot and the greedy-machine,-
swallows it instantly. Asif my
quarter were the sust'enanceiit
had lacked. the machine is
‘magically revived: lights ﬂash and
buzzers sound as the mechanism whirs
once again into action. The automatic
scoring ree; hesitates a moment,’
ridiculing my last horrendous score,
rubbing in the fact that it has beaten me,
then rolls rapidly back to zero. The few
targets 1 have hit pop back into place and
the Jungle Queen, with her pointy breasts
and wind-tossed yellow hair. striding
majestically on the back glass, mercilessly
laughs at me — her painted smile
mysteriously becoming amocking smirk.
l wipe the perspiration from my hands
on my jeans and take a deep breath. We
got to get psyched this time. I‘ve gotto get
revenge on her. I take my starting stance
and give her sotne body-english, gently
kicking off as l slowly pull back the
plunger. And let go. My hands
automatically slide to the sides of the
machine. my index fingers poised on the
flipper buttons. But my eyes, my
thoughts. my whole being. are all
tra nstixed by the silver ball as it shoots up
the latte. There are no other players here.
there are no other machines. The Jungle
Queen and l are alone and in combat.

'l'hc three ounce metal bearing which
has become my world eareetns back and
forth until its momentum abates some
and gravity comes into force. 1 gently
nudge the machine. trying to coax the
polished silver ball into the middle alley
ol the three alleys at the top of the
playtield. There is a lot of action up there
and if | cart get the t’iekly orb to go down
that alley it will almost definitely hit one
of the thunder bumpers which will
electrically rebound it, hopefully back
into one of the alleys. That will mean
more points and ultimately victory.

But luck is not with me. The despicable
lutnp of steel rolls down the side ofthe
playtield cunnineg avoiding all the alleys
and targets. disapperaing into the dark
outhole. The Jungle Queen sneers at my
stupidity. “(lo ahead and blame it on
lock. you wimp." she says derisively.

And she is right. Luck is an element of
this game. but it is skill that is the decisive
taetor. I‘ve blown it and she‘s beaten me
again.

Not allowing me time to regain my

composure, her stratagcm too astute for

that, the enchantree dares me to go on as
she automatically‘ shunts another ball
into the chute. l nervously finger the
plunger. avoiding the Queen’s- glance. I
try to console muself with the fact that it
was only the ﬁrst ball.

As I release the plunger the shiny
sphere takes ﬂight. 1 watch intently as it
races down the playtield and sputters
eratically as it hits the
thunderbumpers. The ball gets caught in
a kick outhole. The scoring reel turns in
cadence to the ringing bells and the
Jungle Queen looks concerned. This is
going to be a great ball.

As it slides down the playﬁeld l catch
the ball in my waiting ﬂipper. Now,
control is essential. I release the ﬂipper
gradually and when the ball reached
just the right point I hit the ﬂipper button
abruptly. The ball scurries away and
slams intothe targets on the right side of
the playing field. The scoring reel
acknowledges my succes. I repeat this
process until finally. only one target
remains. lt alone stands between me and
500 points plus a bonus, ﬂuids of
perspiration appear on the Queen's
protruding upper lip. the ﬁre on the back
glass ﬂares. Keeping my ball cradled
securely in' my left ﬂipper, I look up at her
and allow myself the indulgence of a
laugh.

I hit the button with a stacatto touch.
My aim has been perfect and the machine
protests in a frenzy of ﬂashing lights. The
scoring reel reluctantly clicks.

But the Queen has had enough, and the
ball glides back just beyond the'reach of
my ﬂippers and into the shadowy abyss
from which there is no return. Shetricsto
look unaffected as she tallies up my out-
hole bonus, and spits out another balf.

Now 1 atn confident. l‘m goingto beat
her this time. Feeling very self assured, l
firmly grasp the plunger and let it snap
back. The ball rockets up the lane, and i
watch as it traverses the top of the play
field in a beautiful elliptical trajectory. lt
ﬂoats down the alley on the right and is
about to collide with one ofthe bumpers.
This is a critical point. I've got to nudge
the machinejust right so that the ball will
rebound back into one of the alleys. l
grasp the machine and push. . . .

Somewhere there is sunshine. Here
there are. only ﬂashing lights screaming
’l‘l LT and GAME OVER. The queen will
not tolerate hybris.

—by Laurie Smilan

 

 

 

 

 

