 

 

 

 

 

rent. meridian Irriyrbiolle
lee Vue to o t p

 

   
   
   

   
   
  
   
  
    
  

i

Mia‘s: Pﬁ'fﬂhaoutos
Albany Cent" ,. V I L .H

I63 Delalware Ave.
EDUCATIONAL cerireit no

    

. c ma... .
phone: (Sill) 439-8l46

m
caeiimgo" u. 22' J“.
swim in rum its. mm m laden. sininmu ' fur menu
SPECMMITQ SHOE l 3.

 

 

 

Mil Mild/ﬁll”: in”!!! Jim}; All rm minister

dance & listen to
HA

Thurs, Fri. Sat.
No Cover Charge
Friday: Clams Special 5-7 pm. $1.10 a dozen

 

 

 

Thinking about
graduate school?

...Let's talk about it.

Degree programs in 15 areas

Call now for summer brochure

Katherine Hanley, CSJ
Graduate Dean
471-5130

Till (Hill (.I (ll SAIN'I KUSI
\lluny. .\cu York IZZUJ

 

 

 

"IIII-u-—-

 

* m MAGINN HIGH SCHOOL
Slingerland St.

at IRELAND (/0, Albany. NY.

"° i MARCH I7Ill

Wolf
Tones {” f 1 Show Only)

tjgtimct'am  AT 8:00 EM.
w/ﬂq‘m‘, naturalised? - $5.50

Tickets available at . . .
AIIV'I serumne oooee "one ell-"c mm
on $1.. 1..y m emu-i Ave Liberty
new use eoooi ear-rite “"""°"'." "3",“
“has.” I632 Union 5L,
‘(hﬂl rue
"use stun rum. lullc' riirnu rivu
MM IGIJWWN' I13"

Beneﬁt for Children Fund cl Northern Ireland

 

 

Cor‘nelltadetool

Undergraduate Prelaw Program

June 12 to July 5. 1978

A demanding slit-week credit
program for college students
who want to learn what law
school ls like.

For lurther lnlorrmtlon write to Deputy
Dean J. T. Younger. Cornell medical
88 Myron Taylor Hdl. ltlteu, NY uses

PAGE TWO

 

 

by I.W.Fox - ‘

A 27-year-old SUNYA student
who was arrested on State Quad last
month by University Police pleaded
guilty in Albany Police Court on
March 2 to charges of criminal
trespassing. according to the
SUNYA Department of Public
Safety.

Thomas W. Simpson was
apprehended last month as a result
of a eolnplaint issued by Mo
students who told University Police
he entered their room uninvited.
According to SUNYA Department
of Public Safety Assistant Director
John Henighan. Simpson will be
sentenced March 30.

Henighan said department
investigations haven't been able to
prove that a connection betwccn
Simpson and earlier burglaries that
took place on State rind Colonial
Quads exists. chighan had

r ‘ earlier that such a link
might exist.

Further vandalism has taken place
on various Quads this month.
according to Henighari. but there
have been no IIIOTC ill'fL‘SlS.

Burglaries

continued/rum page um»
suspicious-looking people and
keeping doors locked. "lhcrc is a
limit to what we can do" he said.

The chief University Police
investigator for the burglaries. John
Haynor. could not be reached tor
comment.

Retrenchments

i'rmlinuer/froui page one
forjobs in otherdcpartmcnts are not
being given the jobs."

Glenn Delong. a former professor
from the Milne School. said he has
received bulletins lroni St.‘.\\'/\
announcing job openings. llut he
said four positions he applied for
were denied him. “lhcy tust don't
want to hire me." Delong stud. "I lclt
l was qualified."

Curtis Hcmcnway. who was ii
professor in the Astronomy
Department at the trmc of its
retrenchment. said he has applied lor
two positions which he lull qutrliltcd
tor. and was denied both.

Rch said the cornmrttcc “I”
continue to mch with
administration In an attempt to
obtain tin cxplrctl agreement on
rchirrng rctrcnchccs

lhc ('ommittcc lor (Uticclncd
l-riculty was formed in |‘)74 and has
been working to rciirrc rctrcricltcd
tenured professors since llIt:li

SUNY Chancellor
To Visit Campus

SUNY Chancellor Clifton
Wharton will Visit the SUNYA
campus Tuesday Mar. 2K in the
afternoon and evening. according to
Assistant to the President J
Frederick Volkwein.

I lhc tentative schedulc for the day
includes meetings with Acting
SUNYA President VincentU‘lcary
Vice Presidents. faculty. and itudcni
leaders from SA and honor societies.
[In addition. Wharton wrll speak
with organi/ations involved wrth
SUNYA such as Alumni
Association. University Council
and Foundation Board. ‘
According to VlllerClﬂ. Wharton
Will not be making any policy
statements. "I hope he‘ll get to talk
personally With small groups ol
people." he said.

new "time mu

5.

  

 
   
    
     
  
  
      
 

South Moluccene Seize Dutch Government Office
ASSEN. Netherlands (AP) South Moluccan militants. a fanatical group in.”
has terrorized Holland on and offfor a decade, struck again Monday. seizing
a government building and 50 to 60 hostages in a shooting attack that left at
least six persons wounded. authorities said. The four to six gunmen were
demanding freedom for comrades in Dutch jails and a plane to fly all of t hum.
along with hostages. out of the country. government ofﬁcials said. Police in
armored cars quickly surrounded the modern-style office block in [big
northern Dutch city as the terrorists. said to be armed with pistols and at 19;...
one machine gun. fired bursts of bullets from upper-ﬂoor windows. ()"ltciut.
said they feared that one victim lying out of reach in front of the building
might be dead. About 200 employees in the building. headquarters ol thi-
Drentc provincial government. managed to escape through Windows. sonic
shinnying down firchoscs. after the Moluccans stormed in. But some “cu:
gunned down from behind as they fled. Militants among the South
Moluccan immigrant community in Holland have made rcpcatcd lcr'ior
strikes in recent years to dramatize their demands for Dutch hpr in winning
independence front Indonesia for their Asian island homelirntl. lht-
Moluccas and the rest of Indonesia are a former Dutch colony.

Lelt Lags in French Electlons

PARIS(AP) France‘s leftist alliance finished behind the coalition Ill
President Valery (iiscard D‘Estaing in first round parliamentary toting
Sunday. seriously weakening leftist chances to end 20 years of center-right
rule. lhcrc were signs that the slinky leftist alliance would hate troubli-
uniting in time for next Sunday's runoffclcction. ’I‘hc center-right Ctltlllllitll.
however. was expected to have little trouble uniting behind its slltlllgt'sl
candidate in ctich race. The left had been expected to do substantially bciti-i.
with pollsters predicting it would take 54 percent. Socialist leader l‘l'tllICiilx
Mittcrrtind blamed the poor showing on confusion created by the
Communists over the issue of how touch to nationalilc if the lcll iron
Communist nationalization demands greater than those of the Socialists led
to a noisy quarrel that fractured the alliance last September. Others \illtl
much of the pre_diction for Socialist success was based on apparent ucn
support from educated middle-level executives or government clctlt’nl
workers. I'hcy say these Frenchmen. basically moderate. may ltritc burn
more willing to complain to poll—takers than to actually vote for Icltists Ittlcttl
on putting Communists into the cabinet.

Canal Treaties Close to Ratlllcation

WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter‘s long-sought goal ol \Hlltlllll.‘
Senate ratification oi the Panama Canal treaties got a major boost Monday
[when a leading opponent conceded the administration seems to hate enough
\otcs to win. Sen. fed Stevens of Alaska. the assistant Republican leadir.
said an agreement amongst Itcy senators on the issue of keeping Aillt'llt‘JIl
troops in Panama after the United States surrenders control ol'tlic tutti-i \\.i\
has tilted the vote in favor oftretitysupportcrs. With Senate Minority I L‘iltlk‘l
Howard Baker supporting ratification. Stevens is the most inﬂuential Sciiirtt-
Republican voice for thc opposition. “I think the president has the torus."
stud Stevens shortly before the Senate resumed its month—long debate nu
whether to approtc turrtiitgoverthc waterway by the ycarZUUi). At the \\ lulc
House. press secretary Jody Powell. informed ofStcvens' comment stud. "I
hope he's right." llut. Powell iiddcd."l think llL'lllICl‘Sldt: has the totcs Iotkt'il
up." And with a crucrril votc scheduled 'l'hursday on the pact guillillllt't'lllt.‘
tlic neutrality of the Canal [one after the year 2000. the adrtiiriistriition it.:~
taking no clitrnccs. ()llicials continued Illl intensive effort to pick tip I llC \«tli \
of a htiridlul ol uncomrtiittcd senators who will settle the isstic.

Carey Proposes Lite Imprisonment. No Parole
ALBANY. NJ’. (AP) (iov, llugli Carey. facing a new veto light with tlii
Legislature over the death penalty. proposed irn Monday that the soil:
auiliori/e lilclimc imprisonment lor sortie murderers instead ol rcturiuug liI
usr.‘ oi tiic electric citair. He introduced a bill which. except for its CHILI-ll
penalty prot isions. was copied Virtually word for word from a sticcplni.’ IH'“
capital punishment statute the Legislature is expected to pass this vii-ck
(. tircy. who vctocd onc death-penalty bill last year and has promised to ilo sH
again. said that "any student oflaw knows thtitjust and vigorous cxcctitiiin ill
the criminal law. not the execution of individuals. is the greatest deterrent to
crime." Ills bill would allow iijury to set lifetime In prisoti. with no hope til
parole. as the punishment for llldiffcrcrit catcgoricsof murder, rtittgirigllulll
killing during a rape or robbery in the murder of a policeman 01 P"“"'
EIUBHI.‘ Current "life" sentences allow parole alter no more titan 25 yctiis. ltltl
(~3qu It‘llmptml would allow ajury to impose confinement lorihc test «it I lIL'
convicts natural life.

Retail Collee Prlcee Unlikely to Rise

(Al’l Efforts by some coffee growers to get tiiorc money for their beans are
""1 llk'ﬁl)’ to have any immediate impact on consumers’ pocketbooks and
may not boost prices at all. governmentexpcrts said Monday. "'l he system is
Pltlly "lUCh attains! the producer and forthc consumer right now." stud l rcd
(Hay. an economist With the its. Department of Agriculture. Gm) Hle
that the world's coffee-growing countries are far from united iti their stand
and said he believed retail prices will keep going down this year. Willriirn ('
“UV/W 0! the USDA'ii Foreign Agricultural Service pointed out that there is
it lotir-rnonth delay between fluctuations in prices for raw beans and changes-
“ll WPﬂerkel Ihelveii. Growers' Price-boosting efforts are “not likely I“
have too much of an immediate impact on retail." Bowser said.

MARCH 14. 1978

 

 

 

 
  
   
   
  
  
 
  
   
  
 
  
  
  

bison-Issuance   .

 survey undertaken by two
Central Council members has shown
that many SUNY and'Ivy League

schools have more lenient course-

wit’hdrawal policies than SUNYA.
The results of an accompanying
questionnaire also showed that
SUNYA students would prefers less
stringent withdrawal policy.
According to Council members
Craig Weinstock and Jim Mitchell. a
total of fourteen schools were

 
  

..  . I. .“ .‘
Harvard, .Cornell. and! Prince on,
and‘some of tbel'eountry’e largest
universities; like UCLA. and the

     
 
 
  

University "Vof Wisconsin. On the

ayerage. the survey found. a student
at the schools surveyed could drop a
course 8.25 weeks into the semester
and not receive a "W" on their
transcript.

Current 5 U NYA policy states that
a students may withdraw from a

Telethon 1’78 Donations
Record-Breaking Again

by Aron Smith

SUNYA‘s Telethon '78 raised
S3l.264 over the weekend.just over
two hundred dollars more than was
donated during last year's twenty-
four hour marathon event. Proceeds
from Telethon will go to beneﬁt the
Wildwood School for Handicapped
Children in Schenectady. according
to Telethon Talent Chair Rena
Cohen.

Planning for SUNYA’s eleventh
annual 'I'clcthon began last spring
with the formation of fourteen
committees. ranging in scope from
personnel and off-ctrtiipus relations
to gimmicks and door priz 

[he (iiiiimicks Committee
worked throughout the year to
crczitc sticlt fund rtiiscrs as sales of
pumpkins at Halloween rind candy
at Valentine‘s Day. Iiiichqutid held a
gong show. and the procccds lrotn
such special events as Dutch Qittid‘s
“night at lltc lights" went to
lclctlioti.

I lie year's organizational and
ltiiid ririsrrig work culminated iii the
twenty-tour hours beginning at It
pm. on I-riday and extending into
Saturday ctciiing.

ActingStiNYA l’i'csidcnt Vincent
()‘l.ciiry delivered I'clcthon‘s
opening address. after which an
entire hour ol acts was televised by
Channels l0 and I3.

 

The masters of ceremonies
worked in pairs for forty-five minute
shifts. introducing performers.
holding auctions. and generating
donations toward pics in the face.

Watches. dinners. and health spa
time were among the items
auctioned off to audience members.
Among the many "bargains". a pair
of tickets to next month's
chaissancc,‘Al DiMcola concert
went for twenty-seven dollars.

Pies Thrown

Whipped cream pies were eagerly
squashed into the faces and hair of
such campus personalities as
Business Professor Iliirold Cannon.
UAS General Manger E. Norbert
Zahm. SA President Drive (iold. SA
Vice President Kathy Baron. arid

ASI’ Managing Editor Joit Hodges.

Each pic raised at least fifty dollars.
Cohen said.

During the early morning hours.
tiiem bers of tlte audience
participated in II version of “l'hc
Price Is Right." with albums and
prizes going to tile winners.

The highlight of Telethon occurs
each year between 9 run. and l p.m..
tltc period kriowtt as the Children‘s
llour'. I'Itc Campus Cctitcr Ballroom
was tratislormcd into it carnival. as
children Iroiti tltc Wildwood School
arrived ti) visit the booths. plliy

continued on page xix

course up until the nextftollast week
of the semester'of classes.and receive
a “W” grade. A student may
withdraw and receive no grade at all
for the first two weeks of each
semester. .
' Duel Transcript

At MIT. the survey reports. both
an external and an internal set of
transcripts are maintained. A course
dropped anytime up to the last day
of classes is never recorded on the
external transcript. According to
Mitchell. this is signiﬁcant since
SIINYA students may be penalized
when applying to law or medical
schools for having a withdrawal.

The survey will be presented to
Senate Committee on Academic
Standing Chair John Pipkin. whose
committee will make a final
recommendation to the
Undergraduate Academic Council
after receiving input from faculty
rind students.

Not Conclusive

Although Pipkin said he doesn't
feel the survey is conclusive enough
to warrant making its
recommendation SUNYA policy.
he said that it is extremely important
to his committee to be informed of

  

 

 
 

 

    

 

 

   

 

  

     
 
    

Central Council members .llm Mtehell (tell) and Crelg'welnetoelt

 

conducted a recent survey whlch revealed that many Ivy League
schools have more lenlent course withtewel pollclee then OUNVA.

student sentiment. The policy
chosen by the committee will be the
one “most educationally desirable."
he said. Both Weinstock and
Mitchell said they feel the period
during which SUNYA student can
drop a course without a "W" should
be lengthened to between eight and
eleven weeks. As a rationale for the
proposal. Mitchell noted that
students are penalized for dropping
a course through loss ofcrcdit. and

that this penalty should be enough.

The three choices given to
students on the questionnaire part of
the survey were to retain the present
policy. reduce the time for dropping
a course to five to six weeks while
still retaining a ‘W‘; and to allow a
student to drop a course up to the
I 1th week with no ‘W‘ appearing on
the transcript. A majority totalling
86 per cent ol the ISO students polled
chose the third alternative ofno’W'.

Debt Won’t Affect Senior Week

by Mike Pearlman

Pltrns for senior \vcck activities
this year won‘t be affected cvcn ifthc
Class of ‘78 is unable to collect the
$2000 owed by Former Class
President Marc Ilcttcckc. accurdiiig
to Class of ‘78 Vice President Allati
Kaufman.

llcnecke. who is no longer a
student at SUNYA. was accused last
year of embezzling funds from the
Class.

“It‘ll be no problem. 'l'hcrc's‘ going
to be a senior week." said Kaufman.
“We have between $6200 and $6500.
attd that should be enough. We‘ve
ntade our plans without the

Rental 0f SUNYA Gym Reviewed

by Charles Pekunka

llic curi‘cnt practiceol'rcntingout
the gym to rionvSUNYA groups is
being looked into by Student
Association. according to Central
Council Chair Mike Lissncr.

According to I.issncr. the mairt
issue is that tltc gyui is ill limes rented
to groups outside SUNYA. tvltilc
iridnrdutil students sometimes have
dilliculty finding facilities available
lor recreational use.

  

MARCH 14, 1978

Individual students to have dllllculty llndlng evelleble leclllllee.

At at meeting of tire Central
Council Athletic Finance
Committee last Friday. l.issncr,
Athletic Director Robert Ford. and
Assistant Dean of Sludcrtt Affairs
('lruck Fisher discussed the current
policy for renting out facilities and
the way that policy is carried out.

“I came away from that meeting
with the feeling that some basic
questions had been left
unanswered." said Lissncr.

 

Yesterday Lissner metwith Acting
SUNYA President 0'l.cary and
Dean ofStudcnt Affairs Neil Brown
and the three discusscd the meaning
and clarity of the policy as it now
stands. According to O'l.ctiry. botlt
he and Ilrown catnc out of the
ritcetirig conviticcd that the issue hrrd
to be looked into.

The current policy for renting out
such facilities as the gym is stated in
tltc Ullfl/t‘llllt’.\' for Nun-Curricular
Use of ('rlrriput li’mrruri'r'.i, dated
Dec. l4. I973.

'l'hosc guidelines cover use by
organized student groups ltlltl
outside groups. but make Ito
mention of use by individual
students.

Ford said that groups requesting
the facilities are assigned the
following priorities in order of
importance: Physical Education
classes; intercollegiate sports;
intramural sports; non-intramural
student groups; groups made up of
birth students and non-students;
outside groups.

He said that individual students“
recreational activities fall under the
non-intramural student groups
category.

Ford said that he is aware ol the
problems of individualstudciits have
in trying to use the facilities for
recreation.

"It bothers me when I go down
there and sec students waiting

continued on page jive

[missing] money and raised the price
of each event a little bit over last
year.“ he said.

According to Class of ‘78
President Gary Bennett. there is It
possibility that SA will reimburse
the Class for the embezzled funds.
“Right now we‘re not counting on
the money. but I‘ll know better in
two weeks."

Kaufman added that "things look
good for the money. We'll be getting
in contact with Benccke or 

Central Council Internal Affairs
Committee Chair Abbie Havkins
said senior class representatives
should tncet with Central Council
members to discuss such a
possibility. “I think the senior class
has to lake the initiative."

Hc also said that the two groups

must “get the wording down. find
out how ntuch it is. and how much
lawyc " fees will be."

The Class has announced plans to
hire a lawyer to sue licneckc for the
money. SA President David (iold
has said SA might consider taking
over the suit should the Class be
unable to resolve it by thcend of the
semester. .

Kaufman said the senior week
program will include 14 cvcttts in
three and one-half days. "Last year
they had l6 events in a whole week."
he said. According to Kaufman. the
activities will not extend over an
entire week because final cxarris are
being administered during the first
part of the week. "We want
everybody to be able to participate.“

('(Illli’llll’tl on page .rr'x

 

Business School Admits
Applicants For Next Year

by Charles Blener
0vcr80percentofnativcSUNYA
students who filed applications to
the School of Business lor next
semester were accepted. according to
Chair of the Committee oti
Adrtiissioiis \Villiiini llrity.

Ol' lltc 230 native SUNYA
applicants. to the Business School.
um were accepted said Ilray.

“Wt: try to make sure that we are
as fair to native students as possible.
and since ovcr liO per cent were
accepted. we lecl we were
successful."

The grade—point average which
served as the cut-off for native
students was 2.85. the same its last
year lte said. He pointed out that the
hiin percentage of acceptance was
partially due to self-selection. that is.
marry students who don't believe
they have a chance to be accepted
don't apply.

Overall. a total of 397 applications
including transfers were submitted.
and 226. or 57 per cent were
accepted.

Students who transfer directly
into the business school from a
different institution.orthosc who do
not have the minimum of two
semesters at SUNYA required for
native student standing are judged
on more stringent standards than

ALBANY STUDINT PRESS

 

.r. .. .. eo'l'f' mw.-i.¢amu~wu...c,i.ri .i.

. "u rte-retri-

. _*_r.9r .I. z. "N...-

native students. "In fact. a qttotrr of
one hundred students are admitted
directly through the university
admissions office." Bray said.

According to Bray. "There are
alternatives open to those who were
not accepted to the Business
School.“ He suggested selecting It
diflcrcnt major. taking business Its a
second field. or rcapplyiitg to the
Business School at it later date.

The Committee on Admissions to
tltc Business School is currently
working on changing sortie of the
requirements for admission to the
business School. A number ofthcse
changes would trike effect for the
Fall I979 semester.

Requirements Altered

The number of courses required
prior to admission and the semester
in which these courses must bctitkcn
min be altered. according to Dr.
Bray. Also under consideration by
the cotiimittec is requiring GMAT
scores as criteria for admission. but
Bray said. "So far. that's still in the
discussion stage."

The Committee which is
responsible for making the
admission decisions and for
formulating the policies for
admission is composed of two
administrators, six faculty. and two
students.

PAGE THREE

.,.‘., “Twp-q ._

        
     
    
 
   
   

 

 

 

11 ":5;
i

.‘ “L...” 

v. \ .wu

 

 

 

 
  
  
   
   
   

 

 

