 
 

 

  
  
 
  
   
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
   
 
  
  
  
 
 
   
  
  
   
 
   
  
    
  
  
   
   
  
   
       
    
  
      
 
   
    
  
   
    
    
  
    
   
    
   
   
    
  
   
    
 
    
     
  
   
 
  
 
   
   
   

 

ex...-

 

-......~. . .- .

 

 

 

 

 
  

This Earth Day rally was characteristic of the activism oi' the sixties where students

 

it Long

  

s

3 r to 0:.

Youth Evolves Frbm ‘illc' To ‘

or

made their voices heard. (Photo: John Chow)

The year was 1969.

Neil Armstrong stepped on tlte face of
the moon; Joltn and Yoko went to bed in
Toronto for a week; Richard Nixon was
president of tire United States; and
Vietnam was a blackness in the hearts of
millions of Americans.

Jay Gissen

The year was 196‘).

Gilligan's island and 1 Dream of
Jeannie were the trtost popular shows on
television. No orte even heard of John
Travolta. Kristy McNichol. Farrah Faw-
cell. or Mork frotrt Ork. it was the year of
tire Miracle Mcts. the Alcatraz lndians.
Cbappaquidick. My Lai. Midnight Cow~
boy. and Woodstock.

The year was 1969.

A New York Times Editorial said: “The
dreams of rnarijruuta artd rock rttttsic that
drew 300,000 fans artd hippies to the
Catskills had little tttorc sanity than the
impulses that drive the lcrtrrrtittgs to
tnarclt totlreirdeatlrsitt the sea. . . What
kind of ctrlttrre is it that cart produce so
collosal a mess."

in Noverrtber. Ricltard Nixon artd Bebe
Rebozo watclted a football garrte on
television while 250.000 people protested
the war itt Washington. The Air Force
botttbed the hell out of Cambodia. a
neutral eoutttry. the lieatles released
Abbey Rom]. attd a lttatt was stabbed to
death by the llell's Artgcls wltilc Mick
Jagger sang Sympathy For the Devil at
Altarttortt.

The sixties was a decade of revolution.
Dylan told us that “change was aeotuin."
Colleges were brimming with conspiracy.
Everyone took a stand. Berkeley. Colum-
Bia. Kent State ~— students all over
burned with fire. The fire of rebelliort.
desire. spirit. attd hope. Kids who hadn't
even strrrled to sltave were talking about
ulopitrs. Young people marched.

sat-in. yelled and screamed to get heard
through the muffled suffocation of a
government based on an alienating mora-

 

lity. instead of pouring their zeal and
energy into football rallies. the 18. 19. and
20’year-olds of the sixties. our big
brothers and sisters. were trying to create
something new. something almost pure.
with all the power of rock ‘n' roll and all
the faith of a child's wisdom. There were
cyttics and romantics. and many disa-
greed. But one thing was right on.
Something ltad to be done.

Death. violence. nttrrder. war. riots —
these were daily headlines in the sixties.
To call it art era of turmoil is an
understatement. Never irt U.S. history
lutd lltcre been such a long period of time
irt which impassioned rebelliorts against
the wltolc American way were so strong
atrd widespread.

But who was it that led the cry for
cltattge irt America dtrrirtg this tumul-
ttrotts time? Who were the people respon-
siblc for action? Youth. The driving force
of social progress that led rrs through the
sixties was the yotrtlt of America.

Looking back on the sixties. tert years
later. a sort of mythology ltas developed.
We look at Kennedy. King. Clte. arid the
lterocs of that generation rttorc as symbols
tltart as Inert. But at the tirtte these men
artd issues weren‘t just topic notes in
tnodern history books or snapshots irt
"life Looks at the Sixties." To students.
then. it was the major drivirtg concern irt
rrtarty of their lives. They lived in fear of
being drafted attd sent to Vietnam to die
or kill inja rrtad masquerade of righteous-
tress.

The sixties of social

were a little

passion. and youth was intricately in-
volved. Who cared about grades? Stu-

? dents were more concerned with life and

death. right or wrong. war and peace.
People didn't grow long hair to look

I good or for something as meaningless as
.

fashion. Long hair was a symbol. Mari-

. juana was a symbol. Rock ‘n' roll was a
‘ symbol. Up the Establishment. Down
. with the Society. They didn't know what

could replace it. brrt any change had to be

‘ better. There was a strange and cosmic

uttin between the powers of youth.

i Together they believed that if they stttck

togetlter. they could achieve something
worthwltilc attd lasting. They could take
over! Conspiracy was in the air! A kid
looked at tltc gross injustice and stagnant
ntechanilation of the established govern-

. rttertt. and said. “Something is taking yort
‘ over!"

Yet as quickly as the fire flared up irt
the hearts of the spirited youth of
America. it then died attd fix/ll d out. with
a scary suddcmtcss. A short tv o and a ltalf
years after the tragic deaths of fotrr
students at Kcrtt State University who
were sltot by Natiortal Guards. President
Nixon was reelected by an overwhelming
margin. This could be viewed as a
shocking slap in the face to the cause of
youth. which had been protesting mainly
Richard Nixon's bombing of Cambodia
just four days before the Kent State
incident. But it isn't that simple. The
turnabout to conservatism that youth
experienced could also be viewed as a
natural reaction of a new generation of
youth. looking for stability and calm.
after this rouglt artd tense time.

it wasn't even youth who deposed
Richard Nixon. the symbol of alienated
government. Youth kept an apathetic
distance front the disruption government
faced in the mid-seventies.

The change seemed to have been
complete. The college student of today is a
different person than his or her older
sibling was. The moods. attitudes. and
values of youth ltave gone through rt

contpletc metamorphosis. No longer is .~

activism a key word. No longer are
students generation minded. The college
carnprrs of today possesses a different
attitude; art attitude of self-preservation
attd sclf~intercst.

in order to see wlty this radical change
occurred. it is necessary to go back. Back
to loot). when John F. Kettrtcdy was
elected as a leader of a natiort where
idealism was almost a universal belief.

Mark Talce is 31 years old. When John
Kennedy was elected president. lte was a
tltirteett year old boy itr Jtrttior High
School, just becornirtg old cttotrglt to
begin to learn ideals artd discover the
world around him.

When Mark entered Jttrtior High
School and America ctttered the sixties.
the mood of the country was positive. Art
unrealistic idealism led ttrost Antericarts
to believe that trotlrirrg was unattainable.

I never once stopped and thought
whether it was right or wrong.
It was happening and we were
being heard around the wortd.

People felt that there was no problem too
great to handle. and, in fact. they felt that
there were no great problems at all. And
President Kennedy furthered that belief.
He. too. was idealistic. and his vibrant
personality and confidence furthered llle
moodat the time. The wltole world \\ as
hunky dory.

At sixteen years of age. this is what
Mark Talce had been brought up to
believe. This is the idealism ltc felt and
believed when he found otrt that tile
President had been sltot and killed lll
Dallas on November 22. 1%.].

“i remember watching TV amt t‘ton
kite cornirtgoncryittg. artd all I heard  
“JFK is dead.‘ i think i threw up. r\ll o"
those dreams ~— (lead. gone. i “grunt-d v.
kill. ljttst wanted to kill Sttlllt'ttllt‘ "

Mark was not alottc itt hr. h-vlmv
l’eoplc all over America. his arm .Iltl
older. who ltad felt tltc L'OllfltlUllt'l' of on
age and tltc idealism of this leader. ‘.\t‘l"
angry. One of tire early reactions to ll»
Kennedysltooting. aside frortr great in ll 1.
was an itttrttettsc anger as the Alllk'l'lt'JIl
people were sltocked back ittto rcalitv

Things were rtot as perfect as ltad bow.
imagined. ltt a sirtgle rnotncnt. the Slilllt'
on the face of America erupted into .t
contorted picture of frenzy artd shock. All
of America reacted in sortie way or
anotlter. bttt psychologically. the effect
was strongest on the people Mark's age.

“i felt that i had been led on. M\
parents and my teachers ltad blindfolded
me front the evil realities, and jttst kept
saying how things were so nice atttl fin:-
right now, and ltow lucky l was to be
growing up now. Kennedy's death was lllt'
first step. As soon as he died. we began to
realize that the wltole thing was bullshit!"

America ltad been involved irt Vietnam
since the Eisenhower Administration. brrt
it was Lyndon Johnson who first put
drafted men in combat. artd it was
Johnson who first escalated the bombing
of North Vietnam to any great extent.
Like most college students at the tirttc.
Mark was against the war. attd ltc also felt

   
 

      
   
 
 

.1

l

colleﬂe Campuses became
controversy developet

iv

 

\
a

  

  

a key place of Proteat‘over the war in Vietnam and

l at universities nationwide. (Photo: UPS)

a strong feeling for the civil rights
movement.

“The war in Vietnam was immoral. the
draft was immoral. everything about our
involvement in Vietnam was immoral. So
we rebelled. and we protested. because it
was our lives at stake. And with the civil
rights movement. the Black people were
fighting another immorality. an equally
great one. Their freedom was at stake!"

By the time that 1967 rolled around. the
mood of the sixties student had been
clearly established. There was the intense
artger over the loss of idealism. and
students felt they'd been cortrtcd. The war
was escalated. attd their anger began to
show itself irt rttarty ways. from protests to
sit-ins to long hair artd the burning of
draft cards.

The college campus became a key place
of protest. artd controversy developed on
universities all over Arttcrica. Mark Talce
entered Columbia University iii the fall of
was. artd during his tirtte there. demon-
strations. disruptions. artd sit-ins were an
almost common occurrence.

Students for a Democratic Society
(SDS) took over Columbia University
during the 1967-68 academic year. and
burrted papers. records. artd private
property. The ROTC building, a popular
target, was also btrrrted. The school was irt
a state of turmoil. attd Mark rccollects
clearly wltat he felt amid the cottfusiott of
that time:

“There was fear itt the air. i wasn't
directly involved and l was scared. but i
also felt an exhilarating excitement of
accomplishment. i never once stopped
attd thought whether it was rigltt or
wrortg. it was happenittg. and we were
being heard around the world."

The end was ttowlterc irt sight. in 1968.
the dreams of Blacks and youtlt were
shattered again. as Martin Luther King
attd Robert Kennedy were assassinated
within two ntontlts of each other. Violetrcc
flared up in mass riotirtg. and the
Democratic convention of ‘68 was a
bloody artd ugly time.

   

When the smoke finally cleared, Amer-
ica found itself with Richard Nixon as its
leader.

With Nixon‘s succession to the throne.
the mood of the student in America was
intensified. On April 30. 1970. the
President ordered the U.S. invasion of
Cambodia, pulling yet another Southeast
Asian coutttry irtto the war. Public
reaction was hostile. attd irt the six day:
following. a new wave of violettcc began.
titorc horrible titan any previous one.

On May 2. the ROTC building at Kent
State University was burrted down. A

3curfew was imposed. attd heavy police
surveillance began. At 5:30 a.nt.. on May
4. the Natiotral (iuard. with ftrll weapon-
ry. was snttrrnoned to the Kent State
campus. What followed was a very
corttplicatcd series of events. btrt what it
boiled down to was the (iuar‘ds' rcactiott
to a steady barrage of rocks mixed with
shouted insults. lly rttidaftcrnoon the
troops had been forced from their origirtal
position to a kttoll by the Student Center.
’l'heu. without warning or additional
provocation. they tttrrted around attd
opened fire into a group of students irt
a parking lot. liour were killed. and the
ttatiottal trproar against tltc Guards‘
actiott was staggering.

This was the culmination. the peak of
student activism. Sevett years after John
F. Kcttrtedy was sltot. the climbing
tension rose to a height rcsultittg irt death
and in a vacuum of fear. attd then
plummetted to the depths of non-involve-
ment; apathy. '

Yet the apathy of today's student is not
unjustified. There are many solid reasons
why the youth of today is distant front the
tttajor issues. if. indeed. there are any
major issues.

Wlten Richard Nixon was reelected in a
landslide victory. the college students of
today were itt Jttrtior High School. They
were childrcrt durirtg the riots and unrest
of the sixties artd for tltent it was a
harrowing artd scary experiettce. While
our older siblings grew up on idealism artd

' reacted with action. we grew up on action.

artd reacted with calm. A calrtt that we
ltoped could ortcc again rtrakc life irt

‘ - America stable.

Looking at tile two N72 candidates for
president. it's easy to see why McGovern
lost by so much. lilccting ltirtr would ltavc
meant a continuation of tire liberal
radicalism that most of tire country
wanted to rttovc away front. including
young .lurtiot' lliglt School students. With
Nixon as l’resitlertt. America felt that they
could finally sit back and let ortt that deep
breath that was takert ill a decade before.

This turnabout to conservatism was
welcome by trs back irt ltiglr school.
Dresses became lortgcr once again. l'lair
began to get shorter. And tltcrc was a
noticeable nostalgia craze by youth. A
rcttrrrr to the irttrocertee of the Mars
ltrotlrers. attd llutttpltrey llogart's nobi-
lity at the ertd of Casablanca. To pttt it

   

Due to the tight job market and individualistic nature of the times. student's

3.

concentrations today center around studies rather than rallies. (Photo: UPS)

bluntly. wejust didn't want any part of the
previous decade.

Well. not exactly. We were. to some
extent. willing to tap from the sixties the
items we felt were useful now. Marijuana
is no longer a symbol; it is art itent on a
checklist. it has been ntade acceptable. so
we will use it. We'll always love the
Beatles. btrt we find no reason to recall the
controversy that raged over the references

to drtrgs that were lteadlirrcs back then.
We cvert choose to forget tlte revolution-
ary attger the Rollittg Stottes felt. artd
pursue instead (as they ltave too) the
ntodcrn dav cause of disco attd Miss Yott.
Was it reallyMick Jagger who once sartg to
us “War. children: it's just a shot
awayl”?

The mood of today's student is rtot
better than it ortce was. or worse. it is
simply different. There just aren't arty
burning issues irt tltc country rtow to spark
up a generation. Students arrive at college
after high seltool without experience of
life. without arty natiortality unity. There
doesn't scent to be a rtced for arty. There
isn't art immoral war occurring in which
you or your best fricrtd rtrigltt ltave died.

"Why should i get involved?" cried one
student. irt an almost belligercrtt tone.
“No one else is involved."

The feeling today is one of individual-
ism. There is no trrtity. The job market is
tigltt. and Joltrt rteeds a better ctrttt than
his best friettd Jittt irt order to get accepted
into medical scltool. or get that job with
one of the "Big b" accounting firrtts. We
just can‘t seertt to find tirtte for protest or
action in art age tailor made for competi-

They must have been pretty cool
but where the hell did it get them...
You wouldn’t see me
doing any of that stuff.

tion.

“They ntust have been pretty cool."
said a freshman about the students of the
sixties. “but wltere the ltell did it get
them? They just got beat up and arrested.
Shit. You wouldn't see me doing any of
that sttrff. Why would i stick my neck
out?"

Ten years ago. it was found that a
corporatiott had stock interests in South
Africa. When that corporation visited tle
State University of New York at StBtiy
Brook, less tltart tert people went to hear
their pitch for ftrttrrc executives. Today.
tnost people aren't even aware that the
SUNY system has stock interests in
apartheid South Africa. Times ltave
irtdced changed.

“1 just don't ltave tlte time.“ said an
anonymous sophomore. “l've got to get
ittto the School of Business attd i can't
start worryrrg abort stock irt South Africa.
Wlto cares about that anyway?"

Does this observation rtteart that the
"civil war" of the sixties was meaningless
and accomplished nothing? ltt retrospect.
few really believe that their shouts
furthered tltc cause of civil rigltts or
peace. At rttost they aroused ananger and
an awareness that may ltave taken us otrt
of otrr fairy tale. We begin to look at our
lives artd our institutions more objective—
ly. There was a ftrttdatnctttal difference of
opinion bctwccrt youth artd the “Estab-
lishment.” One side sougltt rtot to
overthrow the other. bttt simply to change
its views. The clash was. for tltc most part.
passive artd educational irt its effect.
Wltat rcrttaitrs will be a permanent scar on
our history. Thomas Jefferson said. “The
people generally get the type of govern-
trtertt they deserve." We tore down the
wall of royalty that surrounded the
Adrttirtistrrrtiort. Only through our vigi-
lartee will it stay that way.

The question is. then, are we. the youth
of today. the leaders of tontorrow.
keeping up that vigilance?

 

 

