  
 

 

 

 

.. .ni. ....t

 

 

 

By RICHARD SCHENKMAN
‘t was back in. l952 that the name
James Bond was taken from a little

Birds of Jamaica") and given to a
special agent of Her Majesty's Secret

Service. Author Ian Fleming was already
into his forties when he decided to write
an adventure story that would involve the
people he knew. and the experiences he
had during WWII, as wellas celebrate the
high life he had come to enjoy. Fleming
once said of his work, “The target of my
books lies somewhere between the upper
thigh and the solar plexus."

lan Fleming began work on his second
l : ties Bond novel even before the first,

(Li'fﬂt) Royals. was released, because he
hilt-w he would never write another book
if it was a failure. Of course. it was a
tremendous success. as were all the James
Bond novels. The books featured
everything the public wanted .to read:
fantastic derring-do by the hero.
despicable 'villains. incredible situations.
made credible by Fleming‘s fascinating
trick ofinvolving the real world (l'iol'fritz
razors. Bentley cars. Smith-Wesson rifles.
and so on). exciting sex. thrilling action.
and a reaffirmation of classical British
values. The sales of the books were always
tremendous. btit they be ‘amc
phenomenal when President Kennedy
declared From Russia With Love was
number nine on his list oftop ten books.
Fleming had been approached even
from the beginning by people who wanted
to film his books. CBS made a short TV
film of Casino Royals, in anticipation ofa
series. Fleming even began writing story
outlines. When the show flopped and the
project dropped. Fleming turned some of
the story ideas into novels and short
stories.
Several other aborted attempts at
capturing James Bond on film occurred.
but it wasn‘t until the (.‘ubby
Broccoli] Harry Saltzman teani»up that
Fleming was satisfied enough with the

 

 

project to make a deal. Broccoli had
previously tried to acquire tlte film rigltts
to the books. but his partner at the time.
Irwin Allen wasn‘t interested. Salt/man
got an option from (ilcming. but he
couldn't find a movie company who was
interested! Broccoli obtained a 50 percent
interest in the liliit rights. and arranged a
deal with United Artists. Production
began on Dr. M1,. and the rest isliistory.

 

 

known ornithologist (auth’nr of “The -

memo-hast. drama-ins:
 Honey _ §
Camden  EJe'eesl-‘Bmdi

l‘leming had originally envisioned
actor lloagy Carmichael as James Bond.
secret agent 007. btit now it was ten years
later. and Carmichael was too old. ln
addition ot tltis. it had been decided to go
with a new face and tlttis create a new star.
Scot Sean Connery was selected.
ultimately. because of his intensity. his
.. ilk ("likea cagcd tiger"). attd ofcotirsc
his looks. llis Scottish acceitt is actually
too thick ill Dr. No. and care find to be
taken to hide the “Scotland l‘orcvcr“
tatoo on his forearm. in fact, L'oiiiicry‘s
eyebrows were trimmed because they

    
  

   

 

 

 

were cottsidered too thick. l‘rtic. Connery
didn‘t have a scar down his left cheek. btit
he was immediately accepted by millions
of people around the World as James
Bond.

The film Dr. M). provided the odd
mixture of violence. implied sex. humor.
and thrilling adventure that the rest oftlte
Bonds would go oti to provide. If is silclt a

 

 

 

 

 

 

l'incly constrtictcd film. however. that
even though audicnccs today may see
dated hirslylcs or dinner jackets. the
terrific action and impressive location
shooting in Jamaica most certainly stand
the test of time. And Ursula Andrcss‘s
bikini could could hardly be more
revealing and remain functional!

lltc movie starts in a bi/arrc fashion.
Coming out of the titles we h or a
Calypso version of "lhrec Blind Mice.“
and see a trio of blind beggars walking
along the road. A white gentleman puts a
coin iii their cup. and ttiriis to go into his
car. and slumps over shot by the blind
men! Next tltcy raid his office. killing his
secretary. and steal the “Dr. No" file from
the office. lhc plot is underway: a secret
service man has been killed. and we know
who‘s responsible.

(‘tit to James Bond in a casino:
gambling. smoking drinking. aitd
fascinating till the women in the room.
Bond is called to tltc office. given his

  
 
 
 
  
 

 
 
 
 

ilSSllllllllt'lll.l
ilnd i‘l(l\\ll ltiJgimmL-H
0 check into the tlt‘ull-s of ii..-
murdercd agent and llh \t‘t'lt'lilly
It all really does happen this iflllt‘hll.
the film is remarkably last llllt’t'tl |i ll.|\l
been said that the Bond llllll\ lmiioitctfl
tltc best elements from L’iillllt' hook» illltll
television commercials. and inatlcl
adventure stories ticccptabh- to [flu
masses. aitd then some. life plot tnotut
tilon t: we meet l'clix l.L'llL‘l. litilltl's ('l,\
friend. Quarrcl. it local Jamaican \\tl|i
whom Bond works. litlllC)L'll|lt‘ link-t.
more clothed. btit more bcatiiil it] than ho
noycl counterpart. and lllltlll). lh. \o
Joseph Wiscinaii's Uoctoi |\. .l\ .lohii
llrosniin pill it. "not 1! descendant of \I
(iaponc. but of |)I;icti|a litiitscll ”

llic \illinn's scheme is lt'\t'.llt'tl. lllL'
explosive climax ltilltt\\\ and
nothing is left biit flood and lllt' gill.
undera litlcr-aditig." I llt‘l nd oi lit \o.
btit James Bond \till lL‘lllItl lll liom
fillalt‘ill ll iI/r /.iI\‘t’u as “t'll (tin
Hamilton then diicctcd (unlit-it lll
(Iii/tf/fllgt‘l‘. Young i'ctiiincd in dual
l/‘tmtlt-r/m/l. perhaps thc llllt'\l lloiitl.
and British \‘ctct'an l.c\\t~. (llll‘t'll lit-liiictl
)oii ()II/i' /.il't‘ lll'ft’t‘. \(Jl | llsllt‘lt‘tl Ill
the "giant" Bond. with llN iinllioti
dollar \illiaii llClltltlllllllL‘lsi thc
ltollow volcani-
launching pad.
helicopter cliasc
sequence. and

 

 

iUL‘l'tL'l

   
   
  
   
  

its

olllt‘l split“:

St't'tliW.

.. “Mosul w.

 
  
   
    

 

('oit llt'l_\.
\\ llo lllltl:
lontI \lllt't'i

     
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
   

bct'oiiit- ml‘
and tin-d lli

 

p lil ) I Iltl llll7.
llllllll) \\.l\ .Illlt‘ to!
leave the \L'IlL" 1
Peter lliint had hcciii
"editor oi sct'ond llllll
dii' ltll' on all lllt' Bond»
and was lltltlll_\ .illottctl
to dirch lllt‘ itt'\.l llllll.
UH llt‘l' l/iI/i \it'i
Sorrel h‘i‘itiii lliint
oticc said that \\llll
lllL' pi‘opci L'tlllllltl. hr
could male .1 t‘lltlll
give a good pci'loi iiizitit‘t' on
film. and sonic pcoplc lt't‘l
replacement Janth llond (It'tllllt'
Lit/citby was hardly lit-ttci. llu~ “Hi
i'L‘lllilll)’ lil/L‘iiby‘s lii‘sl liltit pct tot ni.iiicL'.
and considering his lack of cxpt-tirnrc.
.llic li‘ciiicndolts pt‘cssllic on him to fill
('oiiiici‘y‘s shoes. and his pct sonal tlhtlillll
for being told. by anyone. \lllill ltltl‘I. be
"time through pretty wcll. ('L'ittinilt llL'
was buttcrtliait Roger Moin “in the lust
lwo times the latter played lloutl 0”
screen.
lit/ctiby announced lllltinl) thtoiitlh
the picture‘s prodiiclion he “as most
certainly not going to l'cllll‘n it.» iiti‘i. and
no one objected. Unfortunately. tbcf
was not given the ptisl lltc oilict lloiltb
ltad received. and the audit-tires.

   

lllll

 

 

 

 

 

     
 
  

 

  

excepting Connery. didn‘t show tip iii the
droves that they had before. lhis is all
\ct't' sad hC‘tlUsc ()IIMSS is considered
hr .many people to be the best Bond. It
ccttaiiily hasn‘t been topped by any of the
Home Bonds. Diana Rigg is \\‘tilltlt.‘lllll
its ll’llC)’. the one girl Bond really falls in
loic with. lhc action is absolutely
.t\\L'\tl|llL'. especially the ski cltnsc iii
\tlnch Bond cltidcs a pack of piii'sticis by
\hllllg down a mountain oti one ski. llic
film's Iiiiallragcdyalloi‘dcd llic lend iiclot
.tii opportunity to do some "real" acting:
ll |\ only too had ll couldn‘t litt\'c bccn

 

 

 

 

 
 
  
   

Connery.

Connery had sworn. probably
jokingly, that he would only return to
Bondage fora million dollar salary. plus
overtime. plus a piece of the picture. in
1970 the producers were so desperate they
gave in to this demand. and Diamonds
are Forever was filmed. it has grand
action. btit (itiy llaiiiilton introduces the
dangerously high level of humor in the
film that was to increase in. and thereby
rtiiii. [.fl‘t’ um/ Let Die. This time.
however. Connery was gone for good.
and a new James Bond had to belotiiid.

llotid was to be sainted: Roger Moore.
lainous for his long protrayal of Leslie
(‘htitcris‘ Simon l'cinplar. alias “ l‘hc
Saint.“ had been promised the role by
Harry SiiItIinati. and ('tibby Broccoli

 

 in I the

i . .

5-giant

 

 

yithitsmillion dollar villian ‘

 
 

Volifc 

its'ihjolicopter chase sequence

   

 
   
   
       
    
 
   
 
 
   
    
 
   
   
   
   

 
 
 
 
  
 

 

 

and miter-space scenes.”

 

 

 

 

 

 

(busy elsewhere) had little to do with the
production of Live and Le! Die.

lhc film was very successful. so the
follow up. The Van With The (in/(loll
(um. had many elements included in it
from its predecessor. which was. of
cotirse. unfortunate. Live and LC! Die.
and. subsequently. Golden Gun. had too
ntany silly occurrences, too manyjokcs at
Bond‘s expense. too many changes in the
Bond character (Bond walking around in
monogrammed pajamas. or using a
ludicrous complicated coffee machine)
and villains that do not even come close to
matching the evil of Dr. No. or
(ioldfingcr. oi Rosa Klebb. Most of the
blame for these changes must lie with
lom Mankiewicz. the author of the
screenplays. but (juy Hamilton‘s
direction was flabby. and Moore walked
through the scenes likea wooden puppet.

l‘inally. iii l‘)7(i. there were some
cltangcs for the good: Saltzman sold out
to Broccoli. Lewis Gilbert was hired back
to direct. and Mankiewicl was left out of
the screenplay collaboration. The result
was last year‘s The Spy Who Loved Me.
'I itlcd after Fleming‘s worst book. it was
the first film to include none of the
characters. locations. or plot happenings
from the book.

It was a rail return to greatness for
Bond, Moore was significantly better as
007. having had two films ol'praclicc. and
having been given a good script (I
especially enjoyed the reference to 'l'i'acy.
the firl from UM Her Mir/arm's Secret
.S‘t'ri'it't'.) Gilbert‘s direction was top

notch. and the film had the pacing ofthc
earlier Bonds. without sacrificing the
"bigness" made popular by the more
recent ones. Barbara Bach was perhaps
the most beautiful heroine in a Bond yet.
and Richard Kiel as the giant strongman
villain.“Jaws“ captured the hearts of the
audience.
or course. The Spy Who Loved Me
went on to become one of the most
succ ssful pictures of last year. and
certainly the ntost successful Bond. Even
the theme song. “Nobody Does it Better,"
was a hit.
What‘s next for Bond is. hopefully,
more of the same. The same crew that
produced "Spy" will begin shooting. this
summer. on For Your Eyes Only. Roger
Moore will be making what will probably
be his last performance as 007 (he isSll).
so a new Bond will have to be found. I
asked Broccoli about his mythical qu0te
“A Bond a year from now till eternity."
and he said. “It takes at least 18 months to
begin with. to get one out. And from here
till eternity. I don‘t know, but they'll be
going. I think. foi a long time. ifthey‘re
made properly. we can continue to make
tltctn . . . I could see. eventually, other
people doing what we‘ve done in the past.
lrying to do it ~ hopingthey do it right."
Whoever takes over for Broccoli and
his "Boys" are going to have a hell of a
goal to shoot for.

        
   
 
      

   

 
 

" Rich Schenkman is founder and president ofthe James Bond Fan Club as
well as editor of the group’s publication, “Bondage.”

 

    

 

 

 

 

