   
       
   
  
 

escribed in an interview with
n Science Monitor as “A great
ral concept. not unlike

was designed in I962 with
_ iiy as Well as aesthetics in mind.
Classi‘ooms are centrally located on an
toadEii'id podium; the campus was
icsttut .for accessibility. Ramps were
prayided for those using wheelchairs and
‘ oors have special handles for
opening. Parking lots were
iy placed far away from the
0 cars would not block the way
destrians.
SUNYA‘S designerI a self-proclaimed
‘romttntic" architect was born in
Fayetteville. Arkansas on March 9, I902.
He began his studies at the University of

at Western Five. 8: Fuller Road
Practicaly Right on Campus!!!   

Walk over or take the special Stuyvesant Plaza Bus. "

      
     

  
    
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
   
   
   
  
    
 
  
  
  
 
  

 
 
  
 

Lea ' ' ' ’
res SUN\ A Leaves Stuyvesant

hen there were the days when

 pm 6:45 pm SUNYA was an infant. the

T30 7:15 :o‘werslhopellul blueprints.arti;i

‘ . e urine 5 warm wr 1

8:00 7:45 v sunshine. Long before the

8:30 8‘15 columns. the mid-terms even before

' 9:00 3:15 ithe podium itself 77 there wasthe Master
I 5 Builder.

 Rocky had the wallet. but Edward
:Durrell Stone had the style.

Leaves SlINyA

 

WM 1
1:30 ' iSteve Oster

 

 
  
  
 
 
 
   
  
   
   
 

 

 
    

 

2:30 Leaves 8'"!an! 1:45 ‘* .

 am 2:30 1115 am 2:15  And although many aiicpitliet liasheen
' 3:00  2:45 thrlcd against these grey rock towers.
12:00 noon 3, 11-45 3. ,thcir walls will certainly ontlhe us all.
12:30 '30 12:15 pm '15 |Stone. the creator. lies dead and buried.

.; 1:00 4:00 12:45 3:45 'but the creation ill:’.tlilt.‘.\ still.
" ‘ L 4130 1:15 4115 i Those who “other! with Stonr' talk
" a 4:45 V'mainly of his abilih to be e\erywheic :it
Fouce. As it r‘rrr‘it brick and nail \lt‘lt' the
J {most vital part oi his r‘icaiions. so were

 

:eycn the most elementary tasks h'ir on|\
[kegrudgingly to othr-rs‘ hands

i“ NO‘Oltt: ever ruined :it a woili site
1, .

he won the Rotch Traveling Scholarship
which paid for two years of travel and
study abroad. Upon his return to the

U.S.. he decided to settle in New York

and base his practice there. He remained
in New York City for most ofhis career.

Stone was married three times and had

‘5 children. Stone met his second wife on a

plane where they were seated next to each
other and he proposed marriage before

the plane had even landed.

Stone's earlier works follow the»
International Style of Architecture.
According to Ellen Lawrence, a former
SUNYA Art History instructor,the style
derives itself from the work of
LeCorbusier. a Swiss architect who
worked in Paris. The catch-phrase for an
international architect is “form follows
function". which means that the building
is designed with its function in mind.

 

before or left after the man. That was
simply because it was his wont to make a
job his home; he chose to eat. sleep. and
go about his daily routine while his
dreams materialiled around him.

Oh. and he loved to talk.

To the men who assembled his
marvelous structures. Stone was the
greatest storyteller of all. From dawn till
dusk he would criss-eross a job site.
pausing only loiig enough to entertain
another eager semicircle with tales of his
childhood. of his life. and oi'his dreams.

Above all else. perhaps. he was a
leader. He demanded much and was a
hard man to please. and his polished
tongue corild spew barbs w lien necessary.
and sortietiiiics when they weren't. llis
ability and direct the
\arioris and construction
groups towards one iilltsilt‘ri product was

to coordinate

disparate

llir' 'rtllllt't‘ ol his srrt'r‘t'ss as :i hriiidci.

l dw‘rrd |>iiriell Stone lircs only lll the
mar lilc nioniimcnls lclt behind. ll
immortalilr hr- the dream of the builder,
their i(|\\.tlti Stone liasonly iirsrar'rired

ilt‘

Buildings are carefully proportioned on a
human scale. modern materials are used.
and usually the only decorative effects
used come from the building materials
themselves. Stone made a dramatic
stylistic ehange in the early 50‘s. His later
work tended to be more ornamented and
c1' "'cally inspired than his earlier
creations. He called his new style
“modern romantic."

Critical opinion of Stone‘s work \arics
greatly. lhe highly acclaimed architect.
Frank Lloyd Wright. has been quoted as
calling, the US. limbassy at New l)e|hi.
which Stone designed. "one oi the finest
buildings of the century" llowc\ei. Ada
Louise litrstable. who was the
architecture critic lor the New \ork
limes had a drastically drlteiciit new ol
Stone‘s work, She deser ibed his design lot
the John la Kennedy ('ciiter lor
l’crlornting Arts in Washington. ta
building with strong simihai‘irics to the
New Delhi l'Imbass\) as “totally
lackiustc‘ disti'tisilril ol cieainny. the

 

 

     
    
   

 

Stone

Edward purer Stone 1902-1978.

collaborated with Philip L. Goodwin tor the

 

biggest box in the world" which she felt

"added nothing to the art ot architect tire.“

'l‘ime maga/ine. on the other hand.eal|ed
Stone “undoubtedly the prolessron's
lreest spirit and by general consensus the
most versatile designer of this
generation...“

Stone liked to think ol his work as
acsthically pleasing as well as practically
Iriiiclional. In relerring to the (ieiicral
Motor's building. Stone once told a
reporter to “Ask an_\ cab diner to show
you the most beaririliil building in .\cw
\oi'k and he'll take you there."

Stone's later work inspired slightly
more prestigious awards than his 512.50
lust—place birdhouse. He was awarded
the Architectural l erignc medal lot
doiriestic architecture iii WI“! and NS}.
and the gold and sli\t.'t medals liom that
letigrrc in Will. He was also gircri a white
and gold the iittililll
gorerninent Ioi placing the largest order
tor marble iii the iltslttt) ol the town

r'oscltc liom

Museum 01 Modern Art.

 

