   
  
 

    
     
   
      
   
  
 
   
  
  
  
 
 
   
  
  
     

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Surviving the Hospital

Mrs. L.‘s stomach and the team moves on the

b Laurle Waters
g this procedure repeated

Less than two-years ago. 1 had an lUD next. Alter watclttn
(mazalin spring) inserted at t’lanned almost identically all around the room. l WES
Pérenthood..Nobody there told me that the not expecting more than the most cursory
de'viee waslex’pérlmentalorthatlwastlctutlllyl intention. Itut it seems that I was to bean
gding to be guinea pig. No one suggested that exception ot sorts. t hree separate doctors did
there inight be difﬁculties and that itwould be both pelvrc and rectal examinations and then
good to have follow-Up examinations to concluded :tpprccttIth-‘ly thl I Was ""“y “,
protect me. They did say that my body might icry interesting case wttlr that fits en dlot
reject the thing entirely. Since nothing like dcebtock on ttre Irrthiine. they called Uri 5.
that happened. I was totally unprepared for oiilottiescene.Afteranolher pelvrc and rectal.
the nightmare that l went through last fall. he told me to get dressed and that he Would

What follows is an abbrevratcd account of talk to tire later.
two months hospitalization and tour It seemed that tlr. S. wanted still anolht-‘r
operations. two of them mayor. which I hitd to Mt) to see the so would I corrrc back to the
undergo us the rcsulr clllllc next week.iistttippeitrcd there was some

After two riionths of almost constant large growth between the vagina and the
abdominal pants togetftcr wrth sixteen day rectum and I probably sttould he tttlmtllCd ‘0
periods, I decided to have the IUD removcdd the hospital loi tests. thoroughly frightened.
had begun to feel that it simply couldn't be oi course. I retained to the clinic the next
doing me any good. So I first went to the \ieck.whcrcltiascsarnrucd bythree new llr's.
original source of the problem, Planned tlltlcc more pelticsand lcclttlsl including the
l’arenthoodinthe ctty. Iheywantedtochargc L'llls'l It‘ltJL'm~ "lt'l'tllilllllill'm". “fr 5-
bttl which I did not |raie.so I wound ripat All c\ccllcnl work!" Smiles arid beaming all
bands family planning cltiiic. about. All agreed I should he admitted right

At Saints. tto questions asked or away for a tldit tiigct rid of thc lUl).tttltl for
examination made. they at once began to ptill hiirpsics and tests to see about the mass. V cry
on tlte string. trying to takeout the Hill. “In simple and routine. they told me.
moment the doctor began to piillat thestiingl .\dtntssion to the hospital wasa trip iii itself.
ltccairie overwhelmed by lltc iriost the wicidrr iii charge assured me that. if I
excruciating pain and began toscrerini.“t :ilni would be careful. I could lt:|\t.' both dope and
down." said the MI) and went oit pulling, sL'\ on the ward. “bat an ainri/tng place. I
there was no way it would come out. At last thought. and went on up to the gyii ward. l
he stopped and gaicmc soiiicdarion. \thcriil didn't need attention right oll.so [didn't mind
had lakcii effect. he told me that he was very being mostly ignored when l grit there that

sorry but the string had broken. and he iiiirriifng. t\ciitiia||_\. one of the residents
couldn‘t gcl the ll'tl out. (It wasn‘t his fault. came by that night and showed me a plastic
llltllltilll-"lmI ("Will “‘05” “101853? model of the female torso and explained
So rtow I had to go to one of their other c\.iclly what they intended to do. l‘ttt'.“
doctors inanotherelintc. who would beable to moment I thought that rity tearsabout being irt
deal With the situation. this new t)r._ the hospital could hate beeit exaggerated.
liowe\er. was irritated to learn that I had no then a new team came by of perhaps it or 7
medical insurance and told me to go to Lily doctors and the surgeon. I\lany peltics and
(lettcral hospital. icctals later. all agreed that l was a fascinating
ltte eruergency ward at Lity ts an apt
welcome to that establishment. Women sit or
he on the beds. unattended tor long periods of
tune. crying and screaming. tzventually rt
'leatn' ol tt-llldoctors comes by. in a hurry. but
often laughing and making their little Dr. type
Iokcs.
(lire doctor picks tip the chart of the woman
ttt the first bed and he reports to the group;
lllls ts Mrs. L, She hashormoggilonlier milk
blah blalt and sutlers from acute butticc
little." A few questions and a few pokes to

cttsc.
the word got around. In the next tcwdays
at least a half do/en other interns and a few
medical students came to interview me. ask to
do puh res and rectats. it Ididrt’t mind. so they
crrtild write me tip loi'class‘, liven the professor
came by hisownself. after which I begantoleel
like a science class female specimen  and
just refused to he a part of it anymore. It
seemed that this was a highly unusual. not
to say uncooperative. attitude; even the
lowlicst student didn‘t bother to hide his
resentment.
tests were set for the next day a 7 A M. At
lzitt) they took a few s-iaysaud lhcnt wastold

 

Ii/rror‘i .\rtlr’.' I-'ir.il in it Irrur purl .\t'rft’.t‘.
[it'll/Illfl'l/ /I'irItI lirtdcrcurrents.

   

now '
ATerrTuI H

gag) START
OH
THSCRtSAIHCFEEAW
661W rte/I
\ /

f

THE

l6 C L,
AT

ramp Bﬁttlé

A amour)?

HArrr? it!

How til

/

   
 
    
        
   
  
 
   
   
 
 
  
    

 

50 (be CARD,
’ttt RE? Rétou Ti)

 

 

   

,.,._.,....,.~.w .

 

 

 

 

 

-ea—a Marga...” a...,,,_..~,,..a_....._.~t:c

 

 

comment '

 

 

 

' editorial

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Gourmet Roaches

To the Editor ‘
As a member ol'tbc U.A.S. cafeteria staff of

one of the uptown quads. l have had a ﬁrst-
hand view of the cockroach epidemic
overwhelming the rooms of the dining area
not visible to you vs the naive eating student.
Generations of cockroaches have been found
in some ot'the most unexpected places — areas
which students may well be using. Not only are
the pests being found in the hack rooms. but
also in the dining area itself. lfyou keep your
eyes open you may see cafeteria workers with
insect spray cansin hand diligently seekingout
tlﬁinionstrous critters. And these little beasts
doii‘t‘simply stroll by the areas where food is
being prepared; in tact. the kitchen is their
favorite hangout. therefore. be careful of
wltat you're eating.

Residents of balls above the cafeteria
should keep an eye out: you may soon have
unexpected and unwanted company. Besides
loiid. cockroaches are attracted to paper and
water. so clean otit the vulnerable areas. If you
cut the nightrmc subshop's goods in the
cafeteria. be sure to throw otit your mess or
else the next morning's breakfast crew will
hate to discard not oiin the sub's wrapping.
but a Iainin ol cockroaches as well. If yoti
should catch any strange things in the salad
(besides that purple union) or iii anything else
don't just crab to your prils complain tothe
management. l’rcssurc from the "customers"
is the best strategy for protoking
impriwcuient. Unless something serious is
done to correct the situation. the cockroach

population at SlthA will literally

overwhelm the student community since

cockroaches are notorious breeders. Soscrcw
being late for class and go to the back room

rind Bl'l'CHll

Na rite Wit ltt.‘ltl

Clinic Problems

this past Monday night Iliad the priviledgc
of ubserving‘the first session of a new course
entitled Human Sexuality (tat PS 501), lh:
idea for the course stemmed from the newly
formed Sexuality ltcalth l lime. affiliated
wrth Albany l'lanncd l’arenthood.housedin
the intirmtry. As each ot the students
introduced him/herself and stated his her
motives for taking the cotirse. it becainequrt:
clear that the overall ttl‘lJCCtn‘C of these 25
pioneers was to quality for volunteer work in
the downtown Planned Parenthood on tart
Street or the new uptown L‘ltlttt'

A great majority of sttltlctils displayed an
overwhelming enthusiasm ill the idea tll
volunteering their scr\tccs -ts llictr crittrsc
project.(Whtch constitutesl tofrlrcir gradcf

the t‘tanncd t'areri

present at the

 

tliriod

it'picsciitatitr

ton contradicted liciscll it

number of times eoiicer nirig the issue oI cllltlt‘
volunteers. She began by simiiiz hotti lllt'
downtown and uptown programslIit\L'-ttllii|c
than adequate stipply oI \ttlltltlt'i‘l\. illltl litlt‘l

said there would he

plcnh

ol tune \lttl\

available for course \tillllllt'L'ls
in art attempt to materiali/i- illt‘ ltl‘i'it ol
\oluntecring. the follow inyifai I paid rt\|\tllir

Albany t'lanned t'aic

llllltritrl

llltlt' l was

denied the courtesy oI \[lt'illllltl \\tllt all}
administrative ligtiie. being tllliittllt'tl |i_\ tlrr

 

 

 

 

to wait a lew minutes. At ll:.lt) they grit
around to taking the rest. the last set was a
barium series where they give yoti this barium
enema. ii cement-like coating tor various
organs to make them show better oit the x-

linally crime. they were still sorry: the biopsies
were not
laporoscopy (cut a lrole for a telescope to look
inside me). that would do it. though there was
.in off chance they ritiglit need a lripoi'otomey.
a bigger hole for a bigger lriok and toch a

conclusite. they rrtust do a

blop dc bloop dc ilo
oirt without a word to ltlt' I min or w. [ill ltlrtlt‘
lltc doctor lionit tty L'\L'llltlrtll'.
and said tltey drdri't limit a \t.t
that I would without tlitttlll m.

opciritioiitsl to tL'ttliHi‘ llt

 

W056 A9 A WY
1%

VEROLVI

e) rm Illa l‘éafﬁe. rag/«i

  
   

%

[I
/

it. .h
M/
// ili

Wit It” Wm H“

barrel
sorter

    
   

bigger specimen. tlutdon't woi iy.il\ tllll_\ ~1oi
5 days to recover. llicii we'll all know Ior sure it
you tune malignancy. t ikc lllllsl pcripl" Irrni
conditioned to he tciiitrcd of iririri'r \
hating been told of any :tllcilirtttn‘n. it s... not

 

\nrn I1"

. Al

rays. "what happens it the barium doesn‘t mud Itll‘lllctltlclttlslttlllsll lllt' lrrlnllr s. l\\.i

come out alterward." I asked. "It burdens. and operations.
that's a serious thing. htit don't worry . we’ll get Meanwhile. they wanted to t.rl.i- iriz‘lri\l.tli
ll “ll “my Ill“! “ml l . hospital to scett earner s[lt'tlrlll‘~l not that
Next morning. I'riday. they ptrt me under. they thought l had It. don’t ‘.\it|l\ irrr insist
did the Dad . look otit the lltl).tllt.l biopsies. his word, iit case. So ttll I went tor .itir-tlm
ltui results wouldn‘t be in tintil Monday. long wait. another team oi tllltl'll‘ .Itwtltt't
sorry; no lab work on weekends. Monday specialist. More [L‘L'ittls and pi lur -. out trill-
ittltl the. it 'roopx‘it

 

 
   

 

 

 

 

rcceptionistthatthcy wercallunavailable.and
I should telephone them in two weeks time.
the receptionist did. however. inform me that
there were very few openings for volunteers.
which would be restricted to upperclassmen.
No volunteers would be selected before the
first week in November. one week alter project
outlines must bc submitted.

Although this letter started out about the
new Human Sexuality course. the subject
material and philosophy behind it are closely
correlated With the new clinic.

the new clinic. co-sponsored by Student
Association. was originally designed to be for
the benefit of females With any type of
gynecological problem and to provide VD
tests for both sexes. in addition. it was to be
partially run by competent students with an
adequate knowledge ol the material presented
arid discussed in the course.

lliough they hold a majority vote on the
ttoard of Directors (comprised of students.
Planned Parenthood representatives.
infirmiry personnel. rind SUN Y
administrators). the students‘ interests are
being ignored or vetoed by the more powerful
I'Ianncd Parenthood workers.

What was intended to be a symbiotic
relationship has evolved iitto little more than a
money-making racket tor the Planned
Parenthood Association. As art advocate of
the clinic. 1 have hccii in close contact wttlt the
students who make tip the backbone of its
establishment. l strongly trrge this rnrnority ol
' girls to stand irp to the money-hungry l'laniicd

l‘arenthood t’L'lll'L'sCItlitlHL‘s who are
'. desperately trying to isolate them from
working in their own cliiic. oi \‘oictnga say tit
its operation.

       
    
     
     
    
    
      
     
        
    
       
    
     
      
   
 
          
        
    
        
        
      
       
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
   
   
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
   
 
    
   
  
 
 
  
   
   
 
  
   

Ronald Httstcr
Poor Taste

To the Editor:

A complaint commonly heard at SUNYA is
that tltc administration is insensitive to
students as humans. 'l his weekend I wasted to
believe that there is a more serious and
disinaying problem. the insensitivity of some
students towards the beliefs of others.

In l‘riday‘s .-t.S‘I’therc appeared a personal
entitled “Vatican News: Our Lady ofConstant
Conception. . ."()n Friday night or Saturday

disgraced) with such comments as “The Nazis
were right“ and “Jewssuck". What angers me
more than the rictualcontcnt of these messages
is the display of insensitivity towards others.

to the occupants of Colonial Box No. 7l3
(the apparent authors of Vatican News) and
the penwielding resident of State Quad. I
address these questions. ls this your best
effort at adult (yes. you‘re big adults now)
behavior? Have you never thought about the
underlying meaning of your statements and
the reasons why you feel compelled to make
them? Arid lastly. are you so flawless that you
can make fun of or criticize others?

My answers to these questions are this.
Anyone who makes statements like those
above has never given any thought to anything
that comes otit of their mouth. are far front
mature. and are eveit farther from flawless. I
suspect they‘re a long way from any form of
responsible. human behavior. If this is in any
way a preview of our ltlltll't: world. we‘re all in
for one hell of at life.

Name Withheld by Request

___—_——

‘l'o ttic Editor:

laven though I lttt\L' read arid heard many
pros and cons about the :1 SI‘ in my three years
lieic. | ltt|\t.‘ neicr taken any attitude of
disrespect. I may not hate agreed with articles.
btit | respected them and considered tlfe ASP
more of an itiloirnatioriril gi'ide to cients on
campus.

Let me say \vhoetci' is incltarge of printing
has made me lose any type of respect for
college journalism. I thought it was pretty
ttltslll'tl’lt) quote Winston Royalc of the
basketball team first year as saying."What the
luck were they looking at." the ASI’ is
supposedly a newspaper. I expect those words
iii Playboy or the National Lampoon.

But the enclosed personal from Friday‘s
,‘tSI’ has done it. What kind of iiieatheads are
running our campus newspaper. And don‘t
gite me that garbage about trcc press and that
it was paid for. I might be able to excuse
raunchy iolzcs. ....i when you start bringing
religion titto a matter arid just totally
blasphcniing it. I can't keep quiet.

I think the person who entered the personal
is warped. lle shotild have his head
straightened out. ltut you people who allow
such filth to be printed. you must be reaching

morning the walls and floor ofan elevator on
State Quad were graced (or more accurately.

 

tip to touch bottom!

Charlie Clark

 

 

 

 

 

 

Retaliatory Eviction

by Bruce Cronin
What cart happen to a tenant without a lease
w lto reports a housing code violation. requests
ait inspection. complains to his or ltcr
lartdlord. or joins a tenants organization? In
\c\\ \‘or k State it is siiitple. the landlord can
either throw the tenant out or drastically in~
cicasc his or her rent. What about freedom of
speech on the right too habitable apartment?
I hey are still there. only the tenant may be ex-
ercising his or liei rights our til the street. orin
an apartment where the rent has bcciidoitbled
or tripled. ,r'

lhcsc practices are called retaliatory e\ic~
tron. llicy are perfectly legal under New York
State law. As long .is a tenant does not hate a
lease, he or she has no protection. the New
\oik State lenant rind \eighboihooil t oali»
tioii and l mtcd tenants ol Mbany hate been
working for tlllL'L‘ years to get an anti-
retaliatory etretron bill passed in the state
legislature. this year. a bill was introduced to
make retaliatory eviction. or rent incre scs il-
lcga. Attcr tremendous lobbying pressure by
NYSINC and tenants. the bill passed the
Assembly unanimously. When it was sent to
the Senate, Majority lender Warrcit Ander-
son refused to allow the Senate to vote oti it.
lllttltrl the New York State constitution. the
majority leader has complete autocratic
powers. and personally decides wltcthei'oi not
to allow a hill to be tote on. ()veiwlielining
passage of the bill iii the Senate is assured if
.‘lltt/t‘m'tlll tt‘rrll/I/ allow it vote. It is obvious

“‘rwo.r..i.rzv ‘ '

that landlord and real estate interests are more
influential with Anderson than the tenants.
the demand by NYS'l'NC and all syinpathic
interests is that Anderson allow the bill to
come up for a vote.

NYSINC. United ’lenants. and the Off
("ainpus Association are planning a series of
actions to force Anderson to bring the bill up
for a vote. Since Anderson is beyond reach.
the actions will be directed toward l’crry
lluryea. who. as the Republican gubcnitorial
candidate. represents the leader of his party.
the main question that will be posed to
l)tiryca fwlto says lie supports the bill) is. “as ri
possible future governor. who will be running
the state. l)tii’yca or Aitders‘on’.l “Duryea
refuses to exert his .irilluence and refused to
inch with NYS'lNC to discuss influencing
-\nileison to allow the Senate to vote.

.\ sci ies of pickets of his campaign stops rind
headquarters throughout the state is planned.
some of them which are in Albany. Students
interested are encouraged to show their stip-
port, either by writing a letter to Duryeu urg-
ing llltll to arrange a meeting with NYS [NC
and Anderson (wltci'e ltc will atten land speak
in llt\t)l of the hill) or by joining the
demonstration. Students will be kept in-
lorincd as to the dated aitd times to the ric-
lions the bill number is SSJtitill. 'l'hrough
these actions. we trope towin passrtgeofa bill
it hicfi w ill allow tenants without written leases
the sriinc t‘iist :\ttltllL‘tltltllt.‘ltl rights as other

\‘Ill/etts.

A Danetess Future?

The year is 1998. It is a blustery autumn Saturday and the leaves are
turning colors. The ﬁrst cool breezes whip through Edward Durrell
Stone‘s famed wind tunnels on the quads.

A S UN YA alumnus comes backto visit. He is a graduate of the class
of. let‘s say 1979 or '80. After arriving at the circle he spots a green bus
and fondly remembers the fight he had participated into keep them here
two decades ago. He spots a few students and mumbtes'stuff about the
good old days when class presidents could steal $3,000 and when
politicians disguised health fees.

The students. who couldn‘t really care less about the reminiscing of
some older guy who remembered when the hustle first came out.
attempted to end the conversation. The alumnus then pulled out a faded
“Go Great Danes“ pennant and waved it. The students looked at the guy
with curiosity. "What are the Great Danes?" they asked. “Can you bet on
them at Green Mountain?“ The alumnus looked at the students with .
surprise. “Danes. the SUNYA Great Danes, they should be playing
today.“ The students shrugged and the alumnus quickly ran onto the
podium. towards the university gym. '

there. where once stood a football field was 3 putting green. The gym
was now a clubhouse. A roped off sign proclaimed: Albany City Golf

Course. “No more Great Danes." lamented the alumnus. “They've
turned half the university back into a golf course: and I remember once
making the NCAA‘s.“ Shaking his head. he threw his pennant into the
n ‘arest garbage pail.

While this may seem fard‘etched. this scene may be true ifthe current
policy of funding SUNY athletics remains. The issue is a complex one;
the state. with budget woes, does not want to fund athletics. Presently.
the funding of athletics comes from the student tax. a tax which has hit
its ceiling on virtually all SUNY campuses. As students tire of having
their ta xcs raised and paying totally for athletics. there will be a slow
cutback in teams. At SUNYA. the golf team went underthis year;are
other sports soon to follow suit? Will football go under in due time also?

While the issue of who should fund athletics encompasses many areas
of priorities and budgetary issues. it is essential for the mood, pride and
attitude ofSU N Y campuses to maintain athletic teams. Students need to
have a uniting force. at a university. and athletics is certainly the best
one. Hopefully. it can help increase community and alumni support and
their dollars as well. The solutions are not going to come about easily.
However, the effort should continue until an equitable solution comes
about. And this effort should prevent having any future autumns with
no Great Danes to root for on a blustery Saturday afternoon.

 

 

  
   

Al BANY
t \f l

ST t l)l l
PRESS

é.

‘l‘iiosiis Msitiiiio. Istanbul-(lint!

MJ. MI \i\iuii. .I.\\ (tissis. train/grin: I.rlririrt
JILL HAiii-Jr

 

    
 

Niws H)t‘ltttt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

.issor'i/iii. Niws iiinoit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Sit:"0§11ik

Asi'u'is I’DIIOHS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . liiii'iii ’lI‘RIZLS‘UN. LAtra SMILAN

sssrit'ixii Asru'is ronoii . . . . . . . . . . . . Sltzl'llANtl: Dlil. VALUE

Sroiris Hilltllt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Ricii Sizi.i(isoN

.issor tAlt sroiiis Lullth . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . PAUL St'ttwrtit'rz

liiriioitiAi. mots I.l)l'lt)lt . . . . . . . . . . . .ZACll KELsoN

si/tri w thch: Al llaca. Janet Cerni. Mitch Drach. Ken Kurtl. David Osborn. .l.M. Reilly.
Aron Smith. David Spiro AP MANAGER: se Scherer ZIHHAC Nrws: lerurzi Scliraub
i-niviiw wort: Lynn lter/ Ni.ws iniioii ot'imr'vs: Matttrcw Cox

 

.loNAiiiAN llooriis. lill.tfltt'.tt rllrirrrigiir
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Dliltltll: Kiri'i

. . . . . . . . . Roam Cotiias
. . . .‘. . SUSAN Asst-:a
BENNY throws

AIHLRIISIM.’ MANAGIR
lliier. ('(iNht‘lJAN‘t
PAYROLL siAMriiit
llntrKKtiI'INr.‘ . . . . . .
s \l is i-iitsoNNu.: Steve trotttstein. .lefl levitan. Richie Meriiiclsieiri. .lody Wilrier t'i.sssti~'ir:n
toy i iiiisirs‘rizsu-ve Mnurt osii-osniors: l’ai Mc(i|vnn. Amy Soars an Pniiiitir:TioN MANAGER:
licrie lrrruat Al) PRUDI‘I iios: ltildy llrrind l.i/ Kwasnik. Lil ltovwnod. Laura Schraub.
Stephanie Sherman tlH-lCt': liisa Applcbaum. Ruth 'l‘erell. Darlene Fricd

 

i‘llt'llAlJ. (liltios. Production rllrlnugi'r

“AHHN ('Attltt'lll. Asst/riot l’rorlrrr-Ir'un .tlarrugur

LUKAINI‘. LiiicitAroiiii
BRIAN KURTZIER

limo iii-isi . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

\‘iitiit'Ai. (‘AMHtA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

|'r\\lt.-l nlly Ami ltrccliei. Lynn ltcrl. Wendy Kaufman. Laurie Studwell Tirt'ts'is: Helene

l)r ticker . Cheryl Kaufman. ('lai'a Kiiebler. liran Leavitt. Janet Shea. Ivy Spierer. Adela Ste/.ler
PAGE rior: Leslie Appelbaum

l'ltttltlttRAl‘ttV. .\ll[l/’fft'tl principally Irv Univcri'iri' Photo Service
t not l'lllHtNiltAI’IIHt: Mary Ann tlovrik PIIOIOGRAFIHZR Tony 'l'assaiotti. Laura Viscusi,
Scott «\rernan. Roanne Kulak’oll. ltoh Leonard. 'l'ariya Ann Harvey. Jeff Sehneebatini.
Sam lerelli. llowie Jacobs, .lobii ('liow. the Moon l/ee
ESTABLISHED I916
l/rr' lf/trllt‘l‘ .S'rirrlcni I’ri'it r.t [nifrlLt/It'rlt‘t't’l_l‘ Illlt‘Jt-ftlvt‘ onil I'hrliii‘ iluring Ihr'si'lrirolycar hyllir'
'lfftrllll‘ .S'irrrli-iii I‘rriii (‘or/rrrrurirni. rur flltlt'lll'lltlt’lll molar-profit organization. l-[rliioriul
[til/It | ii tft'li‘l‘lllfllt’tl hr the IirIiIor-in-(‘lrirf/I and iii .tiilijr'r'l Io I‘t'l‘ft‘tt' by lflr‘ Editorial Board.
Hurling iltft/I'i'.\.\.‘ .-ll/irini' Slur/em I'rt'.\.\. ('('.l.’9. i400 ll’mlringion .‘tvr's :ll/runi'. N)’ I222)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

- m... tiritélxdﬁi tissmsamr» ~‘ .4 i

‘r

 

 

’. '.~.-’.lar' - .— e.

  

