    
   
 
   

ti.
2;
rt
é
f
}

 

 

    
   
 
 
  
   
  
    
  
    
  
  
  
    
  
   
 
  
    
   
   
   
   
  
   
  
 
   
  
     
 
  
  
   
  
 
    
   
   
  
   
   
    
     
  
   
 
   
 
   
      
  
   
     
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
   
  
  
   
  
 
 
  
   
 
   
  
  
  
 

 

    

 

Using The Library

The whole university community can take
pride in our library. It is the largest. most
accessible collection of materials in the state
north of New York City and east of Syracuse.
It is open more hours per week than any
SUNY library and all but a dozen other
academic libraries in New York. Significant
improvements have been made over the years
in security and physical access to insure that
all of you can ﬁnd the information you need.

One impediment to your access to
information has persisted through the years
that we have been unable to remove. Some
patrons fail to show proper respect for your
rights and they abuse the library‘s facilities
and collections. Garbage is strewn about.
cigarette holes are burned in carpets rind
Upholstered furniture. ercn this Library was
opened we had almost 3,000 seats.Now we
have less than half that number. mostly
because of irreparable datttage to frames.
springs in upholstered chairs and sofas and the
like.

Abuse takes other forms. Hooks tire stolctr
or deliberately misshelved. We have to order
over 600 replacement copies for missing issues
of journals iii a year and iii addition we have to
replace about four hundred journal articles
ivliiclt have been torn or cttt out. lhe Library
must spend 57000-58000 a year to replace
sitigle copy books and articles. However. a
large number of missing hooks are “out-of-
print“ and simply not available for arty price.

No matter what lortn abuse of the Library
takes. it is unfair to you. Unfortunately the
library stall has never been large enough to
monitor effectively all library users at all
ti mes. Nor should we. for to do so would be to
invade your privacy. We know however. that
the most effective monitoring is that done by
peers which is in turn based on a sense of
mutual responsibility for everyone's rights.

lhe staff of the University Library has
dc\e|oped two educational statements. We
plan to disseminate them as widely as possible.
lliey describe the problem and they solicit
yottr cooperation and assistance.

Appeal to Library list-rs
lhe resources. facilities. and scrxiecs of this

library have been paid for by student tuition

lzt/rlur't -\“olt'-' Halt t‘tlllllllll trio.itiltiiiilli'illii'
/\‘ii I. linmr, limit! it/ .‘ltllllllllill'tllfl’t‘ Services
(It I/ft‘ l nivt'rri‘ri' l.ilirrlr_t

and bythetrtxpayers ofthe State of'New York.
We believe that every person who enters this
building shares a collective responsibility to
protect these facilities. to preserve these
resources. and to contribute to an atmosphere
conducive to research. Unfortunately. a
thoughtless and destructive minority has
refused to recognize this responsibility. lhe
results have been costly in terms ol'damage to
furniture and to the collection. l‘unds
intended for new acquisitions have had to be
used for the replacement of lost or damaged
volumes. Even more costly has been the
inconvenience to fellow patrons deprived of
needed materials.

In view of the ahUses that have already
taken place. we ask all users of the University
Libraries to take an active part in protecting
ottr collections and facilities. We ask you to
report to the nearest library staff member any
incidence of vandalism to furniture or of
tearing or cutting pages front books or writing
or marking in books belonging to our
collection. ll you observe other patrons eating
or drinking anywhere iii the library. or
smoking itt non-smoking areas. please request
that they cease since these activities inevitably
result in damage to books. lurniture and
equipment. If they reltrsc. tic ask that yott
report them to the nearest library stall
rticrrrbcr.

Only with the active help of our patrons cart
lltc stall insure the presenation ol the
valuable resources available here.

Policy on Library list.-

All users ol the University Libraries share a
cotntnoti responsibility for preservirtg Library
resources and facilities for use by others and
for contributing to air atmosphere in the
library which is conducive to study and
research. No riser may iii any way infringe
upon the right ol others to have tair rind equal
access to library services. facilities. arid
resources. It is only witli a spirit of fairness to
others and equal access for all that the
collections. facilities and services of tltc
University Libraries cart be pi'cscricd and
protected from abuse and eventual
destruction. Abuse of library materials.
lacilitlcs. or services is it lorrir of academic
dishonesty comparable to plagiarism or
cheating.

 

 

 

 

pie

 

/

 

Em

 
      

M” w“...- d._.—u in

'-
,. __._.....—.,. ..... .s ~

litter
art

To the Editor:

Someone said there is nothing new under
the sun. 'l but may be true for the rest of'tlic
world. but here rtt the Albany campus. that
axiom is under siege.

Hundreds ol our community members.
whether by chance or by design. are crcatinga
new art form -— the foundation of a truly
marvelous mountain of myriad and
miscellaneous items of junk.

A short stroll about the Campus confirms
that creativity is at work this Spring.
Discardcd bottles. carts. plastic cups or
whatall. accumulating on the walks. benches
or among the green plants. are providingforrir
and color to what otherwise might be a iiettt
and hygcnic looking campus.

In the interest of art pro rlrli.\. I atritetnpted
to rcstrain our lcw grounds people of the
Physical Plant who try to keep the poditiiti
clear and clean.

Unfortunately. I like thousands of other: on
campus have little appreciation of Litter
Art. We are conscious of otlr surroundings
and believe the physical environment should
be preserved rind treated kindly. therefore.
somehow we will tidy tip and try to bear the
burden of the extra work cruised by litterhiigs.
Allct‘ all. if we clear our tablesrtt McDonald‘s.
why not giic equal attention to tltc campus.

lhousrtnds ol pcoplcanatty of tlrcrit parents
will \isit this campus in May. fit my opirirori.
they ltaic a right to view the teal campus
without tieg distractions. | ask for awareness
and coopcratioti of all members of our
community iii opposing Litlcr Art.

.lolm llartigati
Vrcc l‘i'cstdcnt for
l'lllilllL‘L‘ and litlsincss

tasteless
choice

To the Editor:

As a senior l lia\c been lookitrg for ward to
graduation for these past few weeks. llic
ceremony is mostly lot the parents. btti the
tidd‘t‘css is supposed to be lorthc students. lhe
ASP informed us a cottplc of weeks back that
a l V star had been selected Iorour gradtiatiori

 

FEIFFER

AW EXACTW 0 gm

(ttltlt‘css. lhis is a choice st) tasteless It is

 

beyond my comprehension.

lhe address is supposed to be if lt‘\\
meaningful words to help oitr entrance in“.
the real world. I don‘t see how a | \' 51." um
fulfill such a task. The choice of this spoilt-i
totrtlly cheapens the entire atlait, ll maker“
meaningless. 'l he speaker should lirtie liceiirt
prominent businessman.
intellectual. scientist. or writer.

I realize that it is too late to change lllt'
situation since graduation is only .i lL‘\\ \lltitl
weeks away. but I still wanted to register an
protest. l for one will not waste no llltli'
listening to whatever l‘lll‘lhlsll lllls spunk” j...
to utter its.

politician.

\uitt liaitrri

thoughtful
presentation

Tl) the Editor:

liacli year. the University k tlllllllllllll'» font.
at comrneticcrrietit with the hope lltitl on,
member of tltc graduating class \\lll gt ii|]1.i
become distinguished lll \\llltlL'\L‘l titlit t‘iltl
chooses to pursue. Achii-icini-nt Iiol tiltli
reflects individual talent. spirit and tlL‘\llt’lllll
also. we hope that at least ttt part. if tt-tlomri;
trairtirrg rtnil valttcs gamed tll lltt' .li.ttltll.i.
e\pcreincc.

llarold (iottld is an actor. one ol .t ~tt..i.
minority of aspirants who has .It l||t\\il .iiru.
or that profession that ltllllle l3t‘li1|.tl'ylilllm
recognition and success.

llirt‘tild (iotlltl is an :\lli;rit\ Ir.ir..t .in-l it
)cttl's ago. as it sclttttl llL'lL'. hc or lll throw:
the same graduation process that do. | Low
l‘)7b‘ will share oti May Sh

llarold (ioitld didn't \lttp l..itnn.i: at.
graduation. He went iiti to ( with if when 
carried a doctorate in theatre and for him.
than it decade. he tatrgltt at the Illitlt‘l ~Il‘. to...
at ('ortiell. at Randolph .\l.n.rn “onion
Lollcgc iii Virginia and at the l tit-.t-tsiri 
( aliftirnia. Riverside.

lit “)6”. he switched t‘ult’t‘ls .nnl lltt.lfllt'.f
professional actor. llts titles in I‘ll rrfmwir.
pi'ogi'atris and more than .‘ll Itlni- ll.l\t lllildi‘
liirti rt well-known L‘lllCllillllllltlll hirtrti out
his acting skills hate bcctt It’trthI ml 
“roadway where ltc carried .iri 'I this" tot to

role in " l he litctcasctl llrllrttil't
( once-titration."
llrtrold (mold is not .I Itrtlllliiilll. l

tit‘otrtiiicnt social :tcttiist oi .i ltlc‘li‘lt‘l.
L'titltlttcltltilttt'. lie is. lltl\\t'\tl. .I tu.ui til
unquestioned achtcientciir. ll l\ tliilll‘llt‘\~lll.
“UPC “I fill who attend lllL'\t' tiprorrttilg

 

 

 

 

(“6325a WT 9"? "f5
/

  

  
 
  

 

 

 

 

 

commencement ceremonies. that years later.
we will be able to point to at least one tnetnber
of the Class of 1978 who has attained the same
level of achievement iii rt chosen field as has
llarold Uould.

Arid on May 28. you cati bet that the
commencement address will not be some
canned talk prepared by a bothered public
figure but will be a thoughtful presentation by
an educated man who has shared a comttion
experience with members of this year's senior
class.

Sortcll l2. L'hesin
Chairman. Commencement Committee

record
reaction

To the Editor:

'l‘his letter is written lll air effort to express
my trtttiost displeasure iii the ser\ ice torlack of
it) which I recently received at the SA Record
(‘o-op.

lti mid-March of this year I purchased an
album which I later discovered to be warped.
Upon returning the album to thc ('o—op a fciv
days later. I was accused of ncglectrngthccat'e
of the album and thus allowing it to warp. of
deliberately attempting to destroy the albttrn.
atitl l was chastised for not knowing llloo
cotrld I'll that thc albttrti was defective bcforcl
purchased it!

lsought merely to liriic thc tlclcctiic albtiiti
replaced: made no attempt to exchange the
ifclccti\c album for a different one by another
artist. lliis would seem to shed dottbt on any
suggestions that l was trying to “rip-off" tlrc
('o-iip.

i\t any talc. thc (lo-op did not lrrivc rt
lthlilt‘L‘lllL‘lll for the ilcl’cctiicalbum. lnstcad.|
was told to return a few days later to pick tip
the new albiint. Retur'nitrga lcwdays latcr.thc
worker at the Co—op told me: "We liaic your
album. htrt it‘s iii a box. arid I can‘t digit otrt
today. Come back tomorrow." Recallingthat
ilic (1)»in is only open three days a week. arid I
am a full-time student. I was finally able to
return to tltc ('o-op oit April |‘)th. thti I
presented the cashier with my receipt. l was
told that I had to pay 23 cents more. since the
price til the album I purchased had gone up!
Since the original purchase price was held by
the (‘o—op throtrgbout the ordeal. | atn irnsurc
whether the 23 cent lllCl'L se was legal.
('i'rtairily. the price increase was poor pttblic
relations for the Cir-op. as I waited a lttll
month for them to make good on a defeclixe
product.

I challenge the SA Record ('o-op staff to
dispute any of the incidents l have related
herein. llut let them rest assured that l. and
several of my friends. will never purchase
anything from the ('o-op again. l’oor scr‘ticc.
iristtlting stallf and lack tit concern for
customer convenience have made the “co-
operative” theme of the store a joke.

l"rom now oti I am buying my trrtisic front
local record stor ltlst»A~Sorig. lorcxrimple.
not only ltas a little class. it's cheaper!
antes Lit/aiski

 

pushing
animals

To the l'lditor:

last l‘ridriy iiigltt our dorm sponsored a
Mrdnite ltrii beipre on State Quad, We bought
hot dogs. hamburgers. and beer for
rtppiitxitriatcly 250 people. Actually the word
people should be iii tiitotcs: many acted like
ttriimals. pushing aitd shoving for food. “they
did not get served the tiiirrtttc they wanted to
teat they stole rolls arid raw meat. We do not
ktiow exactly how much was takeit because we
bought rirore to try to appease the crowds.

Wlteti a dorm sponsors a party it is for the
entertainment of its residents and their
friends. It was not for personal profit tltat we
held this event. llic one dollar admission lcc.
which allowed unlimited beer and tickets
redeemable for food. was used to help our

 

 

\

initial investment.

We wish. at this time to apologize to the
majority of people who were patient and
waited. Although it took longer thtitt
expected. they were served. tor the others
who left too soon. the only thing we can say is
bad you waited there would have been enough
for cvcryoite who paid. We do. however.
ttpoliigilt: for the inconvenience caused.

lo the rude. inconsiderate. and selfish
people aforertictitioned. we would like to
remind you that it is actions like yours that
ruitr the good times iif your peers.

Wendy Bellus
Resident Assistant
Sheryl Hluom
lrcasurer

lrving llrtll

bottle
bill

to the Editor:
lhcrc is a battle hrcwttig iti New lot'k statc
l|\L'l whether to institute a law favoring
tctur iiablc deposit bottles. commonly called a
“llottlc "ill". or to allow the present rio-
ilcposti. rto-tcturti containers to dominate the
rttar ket. |lic "llottle llill" is not a ban on cans.
but simply pi'oi ides tltat a the ccttt deposit he
placed on all soft drrtik and beer containers
sold within the state: your itickcl is returned
\\llL‘ll)t)lllL’lllll1lllC empty bottle or can totlic
street. It is apparent that |ia\ing:t ritattdrttor'y
deposit bill passed iii this state is much more
Iator‘ahfe than keeping the ptciloirttiiatcly no-
ilcposti. nit—return syslclii.
first of all. the NJ. Statc bottle bill could
annually save 20 tiiilltoti l! | l"s.lliccqlll\‘tllclll
amount ol energy used iii heating l25.llllll
homes or running 200,000 cars with n“-
dcposit. no-rctttrii containers. we currently
consume 3‘) rtttllion It | li‘s ol energy annually.
l)vcrconsttmption of raw materials is
another problem facing its. lhe nit-deposit
system currently ttscs 900,000 tons of raw
materials per year. Passage of the bottle bill
could reduce this use of raw iiiatei'ials by
085.000 totis pcr' _\'L'.’II'. ii 75 percent decrease.
Pollution cart also be reduced by the bottle
bill. Six times as much water is consumed and
ten tinrcs as much air polltttioii results from
the trianulaicturc of disposable containers as
compared to rctirrriablc bottles which are
rtiantitaciured once and used aii :iicrage of
ftliccn times. licvcragc container solid waste is
currently l4 million cubic feet per year. Under
the bottle bill. these solid waste products could
be reduced by 57 percent. In addition to this.
eight million lewct' containers would be
filtered on our streets and highways. a dtopol
05 percent front the present lcicl.
lhe bottle bill is aliis economically
practical. (lit the average. he\cr'riges
tirictitrtiablc bottles cost 30 percent less than
hc\cragcs iii th.owa\vay bottles atrd cans. ll
tiiost betcrtigc containers iii New link State
were t'clillablc. consumers could save
:tpproxirnatcly 40 niilliotr dollars per year. Ari
additional 4000 jobs would be created iii New
\ork' State. certainly a good boost for the
cconotriy. Under the one-way distribution
system of non-rcl'illablcs. there has been rt
centrali/tttioti ol distribution centers. allowing
national brands of beverages to expand at the
expense of the smaller regional brewers and
bottlers. Statewide. there are fewer brewers
and bottlers than there were ten ycars ago.
even though tnorc beverages are tioiv sold‘.
Non—refillable bottles and cans have
become a symbol of our affluence and waste.
Around the world arid lll riiany regions ofthis
country. returnable bottles are still tlic norm.
htit iii many places across the state. returnable
bottles cannot be found. If we continue to let
the beverage industry waste our energy.
resources. and moncyort a tliroi '-riway system
while a suitable alternative. returnable bottles.
exists. we are being both blind and apathetic.
lhe "brittle bill" has benefits forcvcl'yone. bttt
it won't be passed without your help. Write or
visit your State Senator and Assernblyperson
and tell tlietii how you feel.

The Hopes ‘ot Spring

 

Cliff Aronsoti
_J

 

Last Friday, a large throng gathered on the academic podium to
witness the turning on of the fountains. Because of athing called HAP
Day, this year's first-ﬂow of the fountains came about a week earlier than .
usual amid much ceremony.

All of SUNYA was present: administrators, faculty members,
students and even a musically inclined dog who decided to sing along
with the pep band. Despite the dreary weather, the atmosphere was one
of festivity as everyone stood on their feet and cheered the water on.

For SUNYA, the fountains represent a lot more than the aesthetic
beauty they provide. Withthe Albany climate providing the bitter cold-
and Edward Durrell Stone adding wind tunnels, this campus can take on
a cold and impersonal look during the long winter months. When spring
finally arrives, life returns to the podium and SUNYA becomes a
friendlier place.

Mayfest is another thing which serves to unite SUNYA. This year,
thousands of students partied, socialized, listened to mUsic and
consunied 20.000 hot dogs and 240 kegs of beer.

The fountains and Mayfest are two of the things which help signify
that spring has finally arrived at SUN YA. Spring signifies an end to the
coldness of winter. and very soon an end to the academic year. It also
signifies a beginning to many other things.

Yesterday, Vincent O‘Leary called upon the faculty for support as he
takes on the demanding and difficult job of SUNYA President on a
permanent basis. In order for him to succeed. O‘Leary must be able to
obtain the support of all the factions of this university and develop a
positive working relationship. His time as Acting President has been
encouraging; here‘s hoping he can continue to do thejob.

On the student from, Paul Feldman was inaugurated as SA President
yesterday. and Central Council elected Dave Ruffo its new Chair.
l-“eldman was elected by one ofthe highest amount ofvotesin recent SA
history. Along with Ruffo and Vice President Fred Brewington, it is
hoped that SA will be able to have a productive year and avoid the
pettincss that it has become fantoUs for. There are a number of projects
which should be continued, as well as many potential new areas which -
cart be explored. SA now starts the year with a clan slate; it is up to the
new leadership to attempt to fill that slate with accomplishments.

Faculty members were active yesterday also, as they overwhelmingly
voted to keep students on University Senate for at least two more years.
Students should be on Senate on a pcrntanent basis, but the large
mandate by the faculty yesterday has got to make student leaders happy.

All of the mentioned are positive in nature; for spring is a positive time
of the year. Many of the dreams of spring will fade into disapointments
of winter. However, without those dreams, there would never be
successes. And to all of'the new leaders ofthis place, the best of luck in
maintaining optimism ofthis season and continuing it long after they've
turned the fountains off next fall.

 

 

 

'l'iiokrks MAitTruo. Erliror-r‘rr-C ‘i/
JUNAIHAN "ODGLS. Managing lidr'rur

Nrws i:nr'roit . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Asstrt'tk'tt. tows Ll)!”ch
Asrvicis i'tirioits . . . . . .
ASMK'IA'IE Al’lt’ls intioits
Stitiit'is titt'roit . . . . . .
Assoriktt. hl’tlltlx inriort
litittoitiki. i-ktas LDIIth . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
suit witt'liiis: Al llaca. Steve lltackctt. Ideie lzmerman. Mike l‘rted. Ken Kurt/. M..l.
Mcrnmott. .lcrry Mikorcnda. Steic ()stci. Mike l’earlrrran. .l. M. Reilly. Don Ross' David Spiro.
l‘r'cd Stern AI’ MANAtilRS: l‘llcn Marsden. Jessi.- Sclierer ltitilAf‘ News: Laurie (if; -r l‘ItEVILW
t-Mri‘: llildy llrand NMVS Assisnrs'r: Laura Scliraub monitor: Sandy Robinson M’ws LDIIOR
intistit's: llryan llollbcrg

.lll.l. llAIth. lusts' l -"
. . . . .lioritt but stiN. LAtlltlI: SMILAN
l)r-..\'rsr.s Si‘iitvi.it. (i. last'At. ZAt'tIAiti
. . . . . . . . . . . , .th‘ll SlzlJLiStLN
. .I’At l. St‘llWARll
. .Jos l.Ai-'r.vir ll:

 
  
   

 

 
 
   

“NIAN ('Aitii.i.. r'li/t't‘lllallll: Hunger
. . Sl’lzNHKRAGUlU
. WM tr-tt lllORMAS
.(‘Aitor CUTRISS
. l‘.l.Ll;N l‘rs‘t-

BIISINLSS tooitotMtoit
lltrsINi.ss MANMikR
Itii.t.tNi; DIIPAIt‘IMlNl
I'Avitou. MANAGLR

skus HMONNLIJ .vlike Ardan. Richie Metnielsiein t'ussiiiu) Anvuntsirstr:_Stevc Matter
('oMposnioN: Amy Sours AlH‘tthll’ttaHlttN! Irene l‘lrlllfll, Kelly Nita. Debbie Kopf. Liz Kwasmk.
Stephanie Shermanoult'u l isii Applebattm. Mark llrtltlialard. Michelle Mackrell
.llANNE Jltv. Production itfmtugt'r
Mtciiku. (intros. .'l\ti.\ltllll I‘rllt/llt'lfﬂll illrrmtgt-r

 

. Jonv WILNErt

 

“LADIYFIST . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(iMAI’Illf'(‘tmﬂth/tltllt . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Ric'srizii BLUM
Vlll'llCAL CAME!” . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . DAvu KAt>t.ow..lizri-‘ LEVITAN

rAS‘rr-iir: Lorraine Di l'ict‘to. Rich l’tana. Allison l’ltllCl‘l. Sara Sobel. Laurie Studwell. Dave
Mallach. Maureen Winters wrists: Clara Kuebler, Laurie Leslto. Loraine Liberatore. Denise
Mason. Diana Urtrei. Amy l’hillips. Donna Reichner. Adela Stelzer. llev 'lobin
ESTABLISHED I916
Hlt' ell/tarry Slur/Wit Print}; [A [tithliilrcrl i'i-t'ry “unit/try itrril I'i‘lt/llj’tltfrillg I/re .i't'huuli'ea! by IIrt'
all/mutt Slmli-Itl I'rt'it ('urporrtir'iur. an irtili'pi-rrtlt-nl trot-.lnnprujrl organization Editorial
[titlii'r i.i t/t‘lt'rlllfllt'l/ hr the l:‘r/ilrv-hi-('lrit;/. tutil ilr .rulr/‘i'i‘t It) review by lhe lulilort'al Harm].
.ilui/ittg (lt/tll‘t‘.\.\v' zl/Iru/rr Stirrli'lit I'I't'.\.\. ( ('139. Hill! ll'urlringltni elm. Albany. NY [222.7

 

 

 

