 

 

u... .‘.M.. ,......smn..~..—~

 

 

 

 

 

columns

 

 

 

 

 

 
  

 

by Laurie Waters

During my three weeks of painful recovery
from the third and most critical operation. one
after the other of my incisions proved to be
infected and had to be re-opened. (After i left.
one incision was found to have several 'stitch
abcesses and i had to return for the fourth
round.)

Each time. along with the pain and
frustration, i had to endure the ritual
assurance that it was nobody's fault. just
another ofthose things. You get to feelthat it‘s
almost the ultimate in insult and intimidation
to be expected to accept everything that
happens as virtually an act of God.

What was happening to me
psychologically and physically was no worse
than what was happening to the other women
in the ward. a peat many of whom were on
public welfare. However. the main pattern was
neglect and sloppiness. only we "interesting
cases“ got the super-giant-overdose treatment.

One woman had a totally unnecessary
operation because an X-ray that would have
avoided it wasn‘t taken.

Other women came in with small abcesses
and left with huge holes. i saw one doctor
pressure a women (he had heard that she was a
prostitute) to tell him dirty stories and rub his
penis. lsawadoctor bungle taking blood from
a Nicaraguan woman who spoke no English:
screams and blood were all over; none of the
staff seemed concerned.

One night i was awakened by a ﬂashlight in
my eyes: two uniformed pigs were shaking
down the ward for reportedly stolen wallet
that they never did find. Patients. especially
the sickest ones who most needed rest were
rudely awakened for routine temperature
taking and abused if they protested. if you
cried out in pain. you risked being yelled at
and called a baby by some of the: nurses. All
women get called girls, ofcourse. even very old
women.

Coming away from a place like General. 1
could better see how health can be a
revolutionary issue and how important it is to
Black and Brown communities. At ﬁrst it was
hard for me to understand why i didn't ﬁnd
more revolutionary consciousness among the
poor people who have to rely on the General
Hospital wards or go without any medical care
at all.

As i think of it now. it seems to me that

 

Tliejinal installment of Iltt'i .iericr. Reprinted
lruni Undercurrents.

Surviving the Hospital

 

much of this is from the deep fear that
permeates the entire system.‘ Lower staff are
both victims and carriers of fear. Staff below
nursesare afraid ofthem and nurses below RN
fear the RNs. RNs are afraid of their own
supervisors and all snap to when one shows
up. interns cringe to the residents, who
become meek before the permanent
authorities. They all act under incredible
pressure and fear of making the wrong
mistakes.

One oft he doctors on my case once dared to
change my medication with amazing bravado.
"And if anyone doesn't like it. tellthem I said
so.“ is what he said. Sure enough. his act was
rejected and rudely rebuked by the bigger
man; the brave voice was silent. To me that
silence meant delay of medical arrest in my
hospital bed.

Once. when very freaked-out. l insisted on
rapping with one of the interns whose style it
was to dress my wounds and dash off at the
spccd of light. He agreed that the pressure and
fears of hisjob were so great that he hadn't the
lime (courage?) for being human. (He did
improve some.) The whole machine is so
overwhelming that it takes a super-together
person not to adapt to this fascist type style.
The nicest intern i met said he had wanted to
he a doctor to help people but nowaftersceing
it. he doesn‘t know why he is here.

Nurses get treated like servants to make
beds and carry out orders without questions.
l‘hey get no credit for opinions about patients;

if quoted it is in terms of what “they seem to
feel." But they in turn hold to power over
patients. Still. 1 could retate to more nurses
than doctors. I got to know one nurse who
truly did help me. She was. to be sure,
somebody‘s private nurse. not Citystaff. She
urged me to forget doctors and medicines and
just make up my own mind to get well.

There were two women doctors at General.
and less than a dozen women interns. Thetwo
who were doctors seemed fearful and
definitely did not want to talk about
discrimination or oppression of women in
their male-dominated medical world.

Beyond an occasional individual nottotally
integrated into the staffconcept, and therefore
still a bit human. there are the fellow ward
patients. who are really the most important.
Among them there is an instictive, iflow key.
solidarity that is very generally. although not
entirely shared. More mobile patients
consistently help the more bedridden ones.
Most people show real concern for others in
the ward.

 

 

L665.
I BOUGHT

 

T5 A
. PM (055
‘5 stage“ (gore
r "EK-
"‘ t 655-
. L655.

 

E; I Bur
LT r

urge PAIROF Fig. Am
A» RlFlC K
056 I FELT

I FELT 50559109,

0 it? 538??
BLE FOR A
weeK.

7‘"

 

 

 

 

Lack of Concern

To the Editor:

i would just like to air my dissatisfaction
with SUNY Albany's lack ofconcernabout all
aspects of student life and speciﬁcally with our
intellectual future. This college totally lacks
any kind of advisement system. For example.
how many students can actually say that when
they first registered for courses here they were
properly advised? How many would saythat
they were stuffed into a room with numerous
other students and told to "make out your
schedule”? l'm sure the majority rests in the
latter.

i personally have had a difﬁcult time at this
institution because of decisions made at my
planning conference as a transfer student. 1
know how advisement worked elsewhere and
how it differs from here. i have been trying to
"find" my advisor and was ﬁnally told of his
one office hour a week. Today l went during
his office hour and he told me i had come at a
had time! l deliberately did not mention my
name to see if he would ask. My assumption
was right. he didn‘t. As i “talked” to him about
my possible transfer out of here due to the
total lack of concern on the part ofthe faculty
and administrators for the students. he was
reading and making corrections on a paper! i
tried to make an appointment when he wasn't
so "busy". but he told mel had to come during
the office hour! The faculty and
administration don‘t give a shit about the
students. ‘

The business school has one advisorfom
thousand students. Does this show concern on
the college‘s part for the student? Do theyrun
this place to employ a bunch of "intellectuals"
and are we sucked into this game by
supporting them? Or is this supposed to belt
place where the student pays to use the
resources available here to promote his
intellectual capacity?

1 think it is time. especially with registration
coming up, that the faculty and administrators
evaluate their actions with regard to the
students and make a determined effort to bc
more available and more concerned aboutthe
students. We may only be students now. but
who knows what might become of us?

Kevin Quinn

Get Wise

To The Editor:

I am a senior at SUNYA who has recently
become financially independent from my
parents. Because of this i was fortedtoitpply
for ﬁnancial aid from the State of Ncit York.
My loan application was completh and
processed by the Financial Aids (lllicc. illti)‘
should be commended for file” skill in
pushing paper; however. once it loiiii is
processed it takes six to eight weeks to receive
the money.

Since i needed money to live here ill school.
i asked the University if the) had (in
ctnergency loan fund. 1 was told illili there
were no funds available. and even it lilt‘lt‘
were. i could only get a maximum oi tiln

 

 

 

r——.—-\
FEIFFER

Only after I left the hospital did the full
impact of the experience hit me. As months
passed. the mass began to go away. lrealized
that the only thing they did to me that was
really necessary was the D & C to remove the
IUD and with it the cause of the mass.
Everything else was irrelevant to the problem i
come in with. I was lucky to be young and
strong enough to come through it all without
irreparable damage. 1 still shudder when I
think how close it was. And i now understand
better what happens to people in hospitals.

l’lunged. usually suddenly. into an
overwhelming system of pressure. the
resignation of a lot of people is as
understandable as it is tragic. The hospital
environment for women is so much likethat of
:t prison that it is no wonder that its impact on
people is much the same. The authoritarian
nature of all aspects of existence there; the

paternalism. racism. and sexism. but most o1
all guilt and fear that are constantly being
instilled in patients make them very much rctil
prisoners to the same system as sislcts :iiid
brothers behind bars.

ln hospitals as in prisons. pcoplc .llt'
reduced to the categories of “patients” .lllti
"inmates" and treated as things less lil.tll
human. To the exact degree that we insist on
our identity as sisters and fellow ililllltllls. to
that extent we find ourselves fightingtht- \illllt'
arbitrary power system its prisoners iiic up
against.

The struggle of prisoners throughout the
U.S. should be a particular inspiration to
people incarcerated in medical illSlllllilillls,
We can learn from them. So that

When the hospitals doors tire l)pCilL'ti mil
dragons will fly out.

 

 

 

6006M
HIGHER

PLATFORM A
SHO65.

We "Wm mmmn

BOT Anna
wea< r A
FELT LIKE A
TOTAL PHOU‘K

%
9%

 

 

 

 

ollitis against my student loan.
Why doesn't this great hovering
ureaucracy have a student emergency loan

‘ und that not only looks good in SUNYA

s tirgcr than ﬁfty dollars which could be held

rochures. but is also existent in practice as
all? Why can't any student borrow a sum

w gainst a secured student loan?
—Name Withheld

  
   

 Problems Focusing

Si To the Editor:

 i had the misfortune on Oct. 18th of picking

    
 

 
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 up an issue of Focus magazine on the dinner

itic. in a letter to the editor, one of its own
., staff stated disgust at students who didn‘t want
in) take a Focus. Theyjust wanted to read their
.‘“l;'CO 100 book.“ There is a good reason to
:Siily away from this so called magazine. Form
‘y is 'l'rashl
This last issue lacks tiny consistency in
‘itheine. any message or story in its articles.
1 poor taste in liiyout. graphics and
photography. Htive tiny of the writersthought
of ttiking freshmen composition? it might help
this magazine to print comprehensive articles.
Focus is supposedly it citmpus publictiti on.
Why, then. do they insist on writing
nonsensical abstracts such as the suggestion of
Vincent O‘Leary orCheryl Ladd as substitutes
{lot the papacy? Do they think that ridiculingri
' llllljtll‘ religious ﬁgure is funny?
time are many campus oriented events to
focus upon: the tirt sculpture which has
replaced bttdly needed green space adjacent to

- - the Biology building. beautiﬁcation efforts on

the various quads. contrasts ofdowntown and
tiptown architecture and ways of life. the

-5 university lake and it's seasonal changes, etc.

If there is no improvement in the quality of

‘ this magazine. 1 would strongly encourage it

.; thorough review by the Student Association
and Finance Committee on funding this
" publication.
» Diane M. i’rtisinski

More Publicity
Needed

' To the Editor:

liveryonc complains about the bus service.
I'ltc vehicles arc crowded cattle car style.
Service is erratic. buses being consistently late
or early. th probably the most aggravating
characteristic of all is the inconsistent.
confusing schedule of stops.

Did you know that the bus docs stop below
V the Wellington? Do you know exactly where it
stops? Would you know where to wait to catch
' it if you hadn‘t been deposited there
previously?

 

The area surrounding the bus stations and
new SUNY ofﬁces is not the safest one.
Serious crime is a real danger. The point isthat
students. untiWare of the proper but stop
areas. are left marooned along the dangerous
streets. This is not their fault. but rather due to
the sporadic. inconsistent and inadequate
scheduling information provided.

Our suggestion is a more thorough method
for notifying riders of the speciﬁc bus stops.
The schedule shouldn't stopat the Wellington.
but should go on to list all subsequent
boarding areas. it wouldn‘t take much to
revise the incomplete schedules. Even a
placard on the side of each bus clearly stating
the route taken would be an improvement. in
addition, an immediate announcement by the
driver of tiny changes. whether temporary or
permanent. could save time and effort.

Apt 33
JSZStnte St.

Whats Up?

To the Editor:

Think of yourselves as an influential
recruiting tool. ASP reaches the four corners
of the stiitc. in these days of demographic
depression. increased competitiveness among
schools for qualified students and increased
parental interest iii school selection, ASP can
be representative of the wholesome majority
on campus. This can be achieved through
more selective editing, (not to be confused
with censorship). There is plenty of room for
divergent views. for humor. for irony. for
satire, even for sarcasm without exceedingthc
bounds of good journalistic taste.

Politicians in high places read the ASPtool

Name Withheld

 

(in! problems Will) your landlord? Your
dorm rlt‘rct'tur? ()tit' ()fyuur professors."

l/'_l'ou'w.' got any kind ofgripc. or for that
matter. (frame/[ting nice happens to you that
you ‘d like to share, write it: a letter. Just Iype if
up. preferably tloublc-rpru'cd. and drop it off
{If room 129 ofthe ('umpttt Cartier.

iSUNY and Apartheid

 

 

 

 

 

 

by Mike Levy

The following is a list of some of the major arguments we've heard for and against changing

our current grading system to one using pluses and minuscs:

it‘s ftiirer to students because:

 professors who couldn‘tscc giving an “A” to a borderline student could give an “A-" or “8+;

not just a "ii".

A the student with a very high “it” and the one witha very low "ii" would no longer receivetlie

same grade on their transcripts.

— competitive pressure would be lowered as the “do-or-die" fear ofdroppingawhole grade at

finals time would be eliminated.

grade point averages reﬁecting them.

PRO:

(TON:

”+ and — Grading: Pro and Con

 Some graduate schools will not look at pluses or minuses and may look disfavorably at

-- A borderline student may be hurt by +/- gradingas professors might be more inclined to use
B+'s than Au's.

A Competitive pressure would increase as the “B” student would now have to compete with
the “ll+ student. Further. the “A” student must be wary ofhis“A” slipping to an “A-" or a "3+".

Consider these points and any others you may hold. Your opinion on the issue will besurveycd
by the student association on Mon.. Oct. 30th on the dinner lines and stairway to the commuter
cafeteria. in the meantime. write your views or additional facts to the editor. so all may consider

thctii.

As the nation‘s largest university system, SUNY prides itself on its
ability to bring students a high quality of education, vast resources, and
high ideals. It is a place where many intelligent minds are helping to
bring about positive changes in the community and the state. A
university is a place where education is the goal; where rational thinking
people can share ideas.

With these lofty ideals and goals, it is surely not in the best interest of
SUNY or its students to have $5 million Worth of investments in
.orporations which support racially segregated South Africa.

The very idea of racial dominance and segregation is degrading to
members of both races involved in South Africa. it is a product of a
sickness called bigotry. something which does not come from rational
thinkers, but nonetheless is the law in South Africa.

As an educational institution. SUNY has no business in the business
of supporting such a warped government. Simply put, by keeping the
investments in corporations which trade with South Africa, SUNY is
supporting South Africa and its apartheid policies.

SUNY Chancellor Clifton Wharton should, by this time, be aware of
the situation. As leader of this university system and as a Black,
Wharton should exercise his leadership and push for the divestment of
these stocks immediately.

if he ,doesn’t do this, ,he will be letting down the entire SUNY
community, as well as the very reason why this community is here: to
support intelligent thought. By supporting apartheid, one is" not
supporting intelligent thought.

Divestment, doesn't mean losing money for S UNY. Those stocks can
be sold or re-invcsted in other corporations (which don’t support South
Africa). But, money shouldn't even be a factor when the very moral fiber
of SUNY is at stake.

it is curious that Wharton serves on the Board of Directors of the
Ford Motor Company, one of the corporations which has been listed as
doing business with South Africa, as well as having been invested in by
SUNY. Wharton should explain this situation and perhaps give up this
directorship in the best interests of SUNY..

SUNY‘s integrity as a university system is built upon strong character
and high values. if these stocks in a racist and immoral government are
not divested, then that character is in danger of coming apart at the
seams.

Drop that Course!

You‘ve got until the end of the week. Under the new “No W" policy,
students can drop a course until Friday, and not have anything on their
transcripts. After Friday, there’s problems. So, if you’ve. decided to drop
that course, do it this week, before it's too late.

 

 

 

'l'iioMAs MAaii.t.i.o. Lilitur-in-(‘liitf/
M..l. MIMMUH. .lAv (iissm. Managing Editors
NEws EntroR . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .‘.' . . . . . JiLL HAaaR

AssOCIArE NEws Enirott . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . STEVE OSTER

ASPECTS Entrons . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . EDiTii BeactsoN. LAURia SMiLAN

AssoctA'rE Aercrs EDITOI . . . . . . . . . . . . . .STEPHANIE DEL VALLE

Sroars EDITOI . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Ricti SELIGSON

AssoctArE sroRIs Eniroas . . . . . . . . . PAUL SCHWARTZ, DAViD OsaortN
EniroitzAL errs Enrroit ZACH KELsON

srArr WRITERS: Al Buctl, Charles Bell. Robert Blasenatein, Jeff Carone, Janet Cerni. Marie
Cortissoz. Mike Dunne. Michele Israel. Jeff Kcnnell. J.M. Reilly. Aron Smith. Deborah Smith
Ar MANAGER: Jesse Scherer zoniAc NEws: Laura Schran
PnEVIEw rAGE: Lynn Herz NEWS EntroR QUEIECUS: Matthew Cox
JONATHAN Homes, Business Manager
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Deanna Korr
BILLING CONSULTANT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . CAROL Coralss

l’Avnou. MANAGER . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . SUSAN Assert
BooitREErING . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . BENNY BROWN

SALES I-ErtsoNNEL: Steve Goldatein. Jeff Levitan, Richie Mermclstein, Jody Wilner CLASSIFIED
ADVEiiristNG: Steve Mitucr comrostrioN: Amy Sours. Jeanne Jii An rRonucn0N MANAGER:
lrcne Firniat An rsouucrioN: Hildy Brand. Julie Greenberg. iz Kwasnik, Lil Rozwod.
Laura Schraub. Stephanie Sherman orriCE: Lisa Applebaum, Ruth Terill. Darlene Fried

MICHAEL GiLt'ros. Production Manager
HAYDEN CARRurn. Assistant Production Manager
HEAD 'rvrisr LORAiNa LiaaaAroaa
VERTICAL CAMERA BaiAN Kurtrzeit'

rAer-ur: Sally Ann Brecher. Lynn Herz, Wendy Kaufman, Laurie Studwell'ntrls1's:Sall Ann

llrechcr. Robin Goldberg. Cheryl Kaufman. Clara Kuebler. MarilynMoskowitz, Diana ruci,

ivy I’eltz. Donna Reichner, Lisa Selkin, Beth Stone PAGE nee: Leslie Appelbaum
noochAnEtt: Donna Reichner

PHOTOGIAPIIY, supplied principally by University Photo Service
CHIEF PIIDTOGIAHIEI: Mary Ann Hovak rnorooaArIIERs: Ton Tassarotti. Laura Viscusi.
Scott Aremiin, Roanne Kulakoff. Bob Leonard, Tanya Ann
Sam Terelli. Howie Jacobs, John Chow. fae Moon inc

ESTABLISHED I9l6

Thl‘ Alban y Student Press is published every Tuesday and Friday during the school year by the

Albany Student Press Corporation. an independent not-for-proﬂt organization. Editorial

policy is determined by the Editor-in-Chieﬂ and is subject to review by the Editorial Board.

[Mailing Address: Albany Student l’re.rs,lC(34.;279;g Washington Ave. Albany, N Y [2222
(5 3) ‘

AnvcnrtstNo MANAGER

arvey. Jeff Schncebaum.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

