 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

I \

. ﬁatut‘aap ﬂight at

 

tfampuii dienter

Qntroon Room

SUNYA'S NEW ()N«CAMI’US-r

Wine and Cheese “Place

CHOOSE FROM A FULL SELECTION
OF DOMESTIC AND IMPORTED WINES ANI) CIIEESES

‘This week‘s specials
W-..   . “ML . .
Kosher CONCORD GRAPE WINE
and GOURMANDAISE CHEESE

with [IL-sh Fruit [it Crutkcrs
3475

Sparkling
ASTI SPUMAN‘I'IZ
Spt'cttil u ri'quli'IigjltI
$5.50

vac, .7 7%.. WW..." m ..,.#AA" .7. n, ..

WHILE ENJOYING 'I‘HE AREA‘S FINIZS’I' IN LISTENING

. . . . , . .
, Entertainmth  he said. “ Here I became very interested in lo 0 Lcary, involvement is the key of
. l decision-making research as faras parole the job he holds, be it involvement in
l‘i‘irmmm : systems are concerned." academic priorities. building a doctoral
i
l

* BRIDGET *
Mellow Contemporary mid Original Music by Bridget [full

“two”

 

Elli arms mealtan
antitrust), chamber 21
9 pm. — 1:30 a.m.

Naturally tauxlltarp oimtm
Di UMHI‘MIMNH

 

 

 

 

 

featured “Puppet's Dance“ and “Fake
Paradise". All the cuts from the new
album came to life when compared to
their studio versions. They were well-
performed and well-recieved but the
crowd's intensity peaked when the band
left the stage and I’onty, alone, performed
his customary solo “freak-out",
"Wandering oti the Milky Way". The
visual imagery of this piece is
unparalleled in our concert-going
experience: as I’onty‘s electric violin
virtuosisty best demonstrated.

Ponty‘s expertise on the electric violin
is the focal point of the concert. He

   

 

Joan-Luc Purity. and l‘tl. b

 

 

 

 

and played flat rate In: for an npproclattvo crowd at

encore featured a cut from the otherwise
neglected Enigmatic ()(‘t'rlll album, it
rousing rendition of “Innis-line
Express.”

Ponty‘s warm reception in Albany and
the crowds familiarity with his music is
indidative of the ever increasing
popularity of jazz. Ponty must be
considered in the forefront of thc upsurge ,
of jazz in recent years, and along with I
other pop-jazzists

such as ('liuck,‘
Mangione and (icorgc llcmon. is?

responsible for the ever-multiplyingJal/ {
following. Jazz is here to stay and so is
JeanLuc I’onty.

a»

 

.9... - -..- .......... ......c-. c. .4 a -..._._.4.. “-1NAA..-" ....«-«-..

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

two predecessors.
If you had to pick an office to fit
Vincent ()‘l.cary, it certainly wouldn‘t be

O'Lolry bu I

 

characterlntlc whlch II conuldorod dandy to the
Itudent loumllht: Ho'n frank and Ilkoablo. (Photo:

lo SIJ N YA, he is “President ()‘lcary“. or
“former Acting President O'Leary" or,

     
    

Jolt Schnoebaum)

work. While he was a grad student at
Washington, there was a great dispute
about that state‘s parole board system.
()‘I.cary was asked to study the situation
and became Chief Probation and Parole
Officer for the State of Washington.

“I was onlya’lﬁA. at the time." O‘Leary
recalled. “ My first reaction was ‘My God',
htit frankly I was broke, so I started on
the project for six months, then became
Chief Officer"

He spent six years irt this position
before movitig to 'I'exas, the state where,
they do cverytlting iii a big way. The one
thing 'l‘exas hadn't doiic iii a big way at
that time was to set up a parole system.
There was no parole system at all in the
Lone Star State, and 3000 parolees on the
streets. ()‘Lcary was asked to set up a
system. “The first thing Idid was learn to
say y'all." O‘l.cary said, “Then I began the
job of organizing the system."
Administration, organization and the
recruitment and training of a statewide
system with a staff consisting of parole
officers. supervisors and a supervising
central office stall had to betakencarc of.
()‘leary also developed tltc Institute of
Adult Probation and Parole in
conjunction with the Univctsity of l'cxas.

“There were a lot ofthings toeoiisider,“

This interest led him to the position of

‘ Director of the National Crime Institute

for two years, and eventually to serve for
two years under former President
Lyndon Johnson‘s council on crime and
delinquency.

In the late 1960's, O'Lcary traveled to
New York, where he heard that a
Criminal Justice Department was being
formed at SUNY. He came to Albany in'
I968 as dean, and under his guidance that
department gained national recognition.

When he became Acting Presidentlast

 

.tucked away in that ofﬁce of his.

 

 

managing a university and parole system
he in the actual decision-making process.
“In an agency, it's a lot easier to know
where the power comes from," O‘l.eiiry
said. "In a University, you have to gather
each of the constituencies before making
a major decision most of the time."

After he leaves the symmetricaltowers
of S U NYA encli night, O‘Leary returnsto
Iilsemere where he lives with his wife and
tw0 children. He enjoys reading and
considers himself a sports enthusiast.

“In fact, I worked my way through
college as an athletic director of a sports
clttb. I never could participate iii any
sports 7 I‘ve had polio since I was a kid
 but I learned them all." He also is
interested in music and art and “all the
other stuff of the modern renaissance
man."

O‘Leary is the first SUNYA faculty
member to rise to the rank of president
[here since John Saylesin I94I.Thclure of
returning to teaching is definitely present,
according to O'l.eury.

"I‘d like to teach while president," he
said. “llut I would have to be suretltat I
would have the time for both. I would
llL'VL‘I' do it unless I go into a classroom
prepared.“ He still has, at present, ﬁve
doctoral students,

program, or putting more garbage cans
on the podium. All oftltese are part oft he,
job he holds, a job which at times might ‘
seem as big as the ofﬁce he occupies.

u'I‘here‘ll be more parking lots," he
said. “We'll have problems. But I hope we
are astute enough to reduce unnecessary
problems —~ that we don't make up our
own problems."

Perhaps there will be more Colonial
parkingth incidents, but if there are, it is
doubtful that Vincent O'Leary would stay

 

 

 

____>_ ‘____'___________.__...—v——_

 

 

 

 

Writ-5'1.   ~ 
V  V » Page 2a .. OCTOBER 20, 1973 OCTOBER 20, 1978
i  ‘ tn ' 'M ‘ - - - ~
3, .I a . ‘ - ‘ I y i, r _
 t ,EII at CD 9| Cosmic ossongor Well ~ f 
; l " - ' i ii i
‘- l u m “P'f‘mm Received HI: Polocc ' 
i i  TB ' n ofﬁce can sometimes tell aloi the one he‘s occupying now. It would be a f; '
i ' B Y G T D  i . ' about a person. The decor lot smaller, and perhaps a bit more  I
  osmic. lmﬂsmﬂfY-l Elhcr°81-_ dazzled the crowd in a variety ofways' reﬂects a certain personality friendly, Maybe maps why 01‘“), .z ‘
i  . , Enigmatic. Wandenns- Jcah‘ “PPFOMhlng his Instrument with bow, and the size often makes a spends so much time out of his ofﬁce. , .
. i  'LUC PM!“ 0W" W0”? {mh‘ hands and fingertips. statement on the size of one's Within his past year as Acting President
it ‘1 _ __ his song titles best descnlzf hl: I. {he skillful taseh of various colored ego. and President, O‘Lcary has been found . .
in :2 n . special brand of space -ou ig ts accentuate t etcmpocliangesand Sometimes you can tell how important eating with students on the quads, at f
i 'i  HAL   jazz. Ponty‘ssoaringinstrumentationand added to the spaced out atmosphere of a person. is by the ofﬁce he or she Central Council mectings,atTelethon, or g
17 A   ex.NY  haunting melodies were presentedattheir the concert. Ponty,standingccnterstage' occupies. When Ewald Nyquist . was rooting for the great panes atafootball !
i ' . ﬁnest last “BMW “'8'” 3‘ the Palace had an unusually Sipreud out slag: Commissioner of Education, he satin an gang. It Is gurte a difference from his I
. . . . . .
_. an an. In]. Thcmm arrangement. omem er ofhis hand was elegant ofﬁce With a good View and had prc ccessor mmett Fields, who would -
' d rent p delphl.  er . within the_ immediate proximity olcach receptionists and secretaries galore and use his ofﬁce to scclude himself during
NR‘I‘IME.   m Jeff LeVItan other. This accentuated I’onty‘s role as all of the stuff which shows that you're such.difﬁcult times as the Colonial Quad
' ,1 0 ' band leader and allowed each band important. Now that he'sworkingat Pace parking lot demonstration of two years
JaCk KUtner member complete audience attention University as 3 middle leVel baCK- To 59" eleven Sludcms belhgmkcn
_ w  when soloing. The completely administrator. his ofﬁce isn‘t quite worth away and anested for attemptingto save
The evening started off with a strong instrumental show was interrupted byth writing home about. ' a recreatlon ﬁeld from becoming .a
, performance by the Mark-Almond Band. human voice only when I’onty introduced  M t  Parklng lot, and to see a prestdcnt stay In
——————————-—"—-—-—-r——————_" ‘ ' ' ' rforman'ce hissongs with his ﬂavorful Frcn‘l v ~ mas ar e 0 his Ofﬁce during the entire affair COUld
I- I The high potnts of their pe “Mum o _ . ' g
‘ | - I were some truly exceptional saxophone Ponty scented to be enjoying himself as Very?le (“we “ h" orcomempﬂonhe I
I   I  I 50'“ by band co'lcad” JOh" Alm°nd- mUCh ‘15 the CFOWd; he wore a beaming When one ventures to the second floor ad'mhlSlmllon-
I I Also of note was the stirring version of smile throughout the show. of the administration ofﬁce at SUNYA, O'Lcary, however, is very different
I I Billy Joel's “New York State of Mind" in The members of Ponty‘s band were all the suite entitled “President's Ofﬁce" from Fields in style and personality. He
I m  all  I which all the members of the six piece outstanding in their own right and cannot fail to impress. There‘s a has a characteristic which is considered
5 I hand “stretched out". Despite a warm deserve mention: on drums and receptionist, and a secretary‘s ofﬁce and deadly 10 lhc_ 5N1de journalist “55 .i
i I reception, the crowds anticipation of percussion was Casey Scheucrell, on somethingthc size of what seems like half frank and likettblc. Presidents are :
. Ponty prevented the enthusiasm needed keyboards was a ﬁne soloist Allan Zavod, 1| football field Set “Side for SUNYA'S t0P supposed 10ml)rcscm lhc administr‘dlinhv k _ I A
I Tm out O present tlm Id for  POI'COIIt : m coax the band out for an encore. on guitars were pew, Mmmu and banana. a cold syinbolofthc hureaucracychewmg . . '  k l d I
. - '_ Jenn—Luc [’omy and his bandiookthe Joaquin Licvnnn (together “my played Considering the way things have gone up students. They're not supposed to for those with memories stretching year, he qurckly utilized _is nowe ge ,
l Dmmt on  “0.. m ‘mk oc"   I stage and opened with the title cut of his some fine dual leads and each was also It here in the past few Will’s. the Phlhl Chew “AS {00“ Whh “Udems 0“ lhc further than lW‘? years hﬂCk. "Former “hdflylei “"d'me m“ "j h“er; I '
i I Aurora album. The opening cut exuded ﬁne solist); lastly, on bass was the crowd Department might as well have installed a quads. I Criminal Justice Dean O‘beary“. 0 Leary said that his. experience in
I Shoes for Running! Baske‘baur soccer! Tennis! I the high energy and extreme instrumental favorite, Ralphc Armstrong who brought revolving door for this ofﬁce. Since 1970~ What Will happen if Vincent 0‘ Leary is Actually, his list of former titles is a great management has helped him adapt tothc
l Racque'baﬂv valleyba"! wresmng I proﬁciency ofPonty‘s band which proved out sounds never before heard frotn ll IWU presidents have moved their met with another Colonial Quad deal longer than most of the SUNYA role of prCSidcnt.
I l to be typical of the whole Show, bass guitar. hclougings in and out, Both came from incidcni'! Will there be scorchingcriticism community thinks. “I have some idea on how to translate
V f lee. EIOI‘IIC, Brooks I PONY made it clear that this was his The crowd cheered I’onty hack fortwn olhcrschools after extensive searches and :l'hils de’cislions in the f'uturc'i‘WhatofIIIIC 0" b 54 . 8 ill“ 11d?“ Inlio  behavmra lelngs h k?
Cosmic Messenger tour, as he roccedcd cncores, The ﬁrst of wh' I i  hoth lcf'l SUNYA in a not-so-opttmlstlc linens. u ns inauguration specc , , .Ictlry was 'ornl years ago in . an my 5 ant p anntng an e use 0
l H'gh'y "fed runnan “109' “vaunble '0 "y before you buy  I . . p . . . ' . . bmfom.” Ld  “whimp '1 hc mint “CCU “m ol'ihis office ()‘l.cary said that "The measure of the l‘rancisco. California. He graduated computers in a managerial sense is not
I I to play his new Atlantic release in its his most familiar tunc, New Loiintry p . . , . . . . , . . . . . . .
I Locmom M d F M _ 12 B mum, in two separate s¢[§, the ﬁrst of from his Imaginary VOW” "mum Hch is it little dim-rent. Vincent ()‘l.ciiry has character of a human being is scaled not fromhaiil‘rancIscoState Universitywnh foreign‘to me. However, hkeeverythmg, a
mama" m. all-"m °" W;.er:yz 10:6l which highlighted by an enlivening [he crowd.s cmhusiésm reached “5 mm, {mm within this university, Ho‘s; n hy the avoidance of burdens in one‘s life, a major in Sociology, and after a year university has aspects which are uniqucas
I on Wuhm Avm g 4:560“: version oral only FeelGood With You"_ second peak as mos! were On their feel home grown president who has been here but ‘I'IllllL‘l' by how those burdens are abroad entered the Graduate School of well as similar to the other units I‘ve
Bohlnd Dunkln Donutc Th- - nd' a d u f 1h - -  w  longer than the combined tenure of his conlrontcd.“ the. university of Washington with a managed,”  H - r. V I x
I.._.._.__._ _ ____._ ._. _—__—.._____.__——_r L 5cm n be er 0 3 two' and Clapping wnh the mum" H“ “0nd Prohlcms are nothingnew for ()‘Icary, major in Sociology and a minor in social lhc differences, O‘Leary said. between A

the Palace Tuesday nloht. (Photo: Karl Chan)

 

rwﬁéﬁm:f‘=:www .gv .,  .
I

.. -.-w

 

