 

I 4.Albany Student Press

July 20, 1978

 

 

C‘ting a need for education and New
York State to work more closely
together, Lieutenant Governor Mary
Anne Krupsak presented the keynote

symposium on Distributive Education
held here at SUNYA.

, Krupsak, a candidate in the up-coming
EDemocratic primary for governor, called
lfor education to take its place in the plans
for the economic redevelopment of the
‘state. The lieutenant governor suggested
that three new "R's" be added to the
elementary and secondary education

transcript

address Wednesday morning at the"

Krupsok's Thre

curriculum in this state.

These three new focuses were labelled
“reinvestment, revitalization,
restoration," and were loosely defined as
utilizing existing resources instead of
growing for growth’s sake, that a
community is more than just a place to
come home from work and that
communities must be helped, and that
the past is worthy of our interest and we
should work to preserve the best of the
traditions and institutions of the past.

The statewide Distributive Education
Symposium runs through this Friday.

 

The following is a transcript of Lieutenant
Governor Mary Anne Krupsak's keynote
address to the statewide symposium on
Distributive Education.

 

Across the country, parents andemployers
are calling for a return "to the basics." A
return to the three R's of education againl

Yes, we need to emphasize basic skills or
more accurately ‘survival skills' for a work
world. But we need even more for our
education system and our state to form a new
relationship, a ‘survival relationsliip' for a
brighter economic future for both our state
and our young people in it. Elementary and
Secondary education can no longer be

redevelopment of New York State.

We need three NEW R‘s in education for
New York State. The three new Rs in
education' should be "Reinvestment,"
"Revitalization" and "Restoration." Education
is a multi-billion dollar resource that has been
overlooked by state government in its
decisions for the economic future ol the state.
its growing emphasis on distributive or
business education, career education and co-
operative education should reflect the
changing needs ol our state and
neighborhoods.

The three new R's reflect a significant shift
In personal and community values which
should be mirrored in our curricula.

“Reinvestment” embodies the exciting new
spirit of individuals and groups who are
committing both their time and their money in
downtowns and village centers. Suburban
sprawl used to he the inevitable. Now there is
a choice for young as well as older people.
That new choice is a reinvestment in the
historic centers of commerce and housing.
Reinvestment reflects the value of making do
with existing resources instead of creating
new and more expensive growth. liia world of
dirniitsihing resources, our students should
see old commercial centers and housing stock
as a good investment for a future.

"Revitalization" is a theme that addresses
the ‘quality of life' in a community. it
recognizes that people are attracted to jobs,
to relocating, to moving their homes based
not just on salaries, but on the community's
schools, theaters. parks, recreation, and
shopping areas. All these factors demonstrate
a sense of pride and cooperation by
community-minded activists. Our students
should be forced to think about their
responsibility to a community, both as
business and labor activists, seeing that the
appealing cultural and social qualities of a
downtown are preserved and enhanced.

 

neglected in our planning for the economic:

Besides the appealing qualities of arts and
culture activities in communities and
neighborhoods. importantly it should be
noted that the arts are labor intensive . . .
providing a great boost to the economy of
ocal neighborhoods.

“Restoration” is an important new word in
our economic development vOCabulary.
There is a new emphasis in our state today
placed on the valued traditions and
institutions of our past. The buildings of the
past have become vehicles for innovations of
the future. From Quackenbush Square in
Albany to Uptown in Kingston to Allentown in
Buffalo, an excitement has crept from building
to building, small business to corner store,
boutique to crafts outlet.

Our classrooms in business and social
studies should be discussing not only the
background of historic sites in New York, but
how to restore them and relate them to a
growing housing need and as a tourism
resource. Our industrial arts students should

and -

 

Lieutenant Governor Mary Anne Krupsak, presently seeking her party‘s
nomination for the November election, was the keynote speaker at a
symposium on distributive education yesterday.

such as unlimited human resources, a highly
skilled, creative and innovative work force.
These young minds must also address
alternative sources of energy for our restored
businesses and homes. We must talk about
skills training for our young people that will be
specifically geared to the needs of our
industries, small business and public sector
jobs tomorrow.

As government leaders, We should be able
to attract new industries to our state or
encourage the expansion of old ones by being

 

 

A bright economic future for
New York can come with
perspective; not simply toward
new growth, but toward new
growth in old buildings.

 

 

be learning the techniquesof rehabilitating old
buildings, not simply the constructing of new
buildings.

Our vocational arts classes, our [SOCES
classes, our technical schools, should be
linked supportively to those redevelopment
projects in our state which will directly and
immediately allect jobs, and economic growth
in their own communities.

A bright economic future for New York can
come with perspective not simply toward new
growth but toward new growth in old
buildings. ,

Our classroom discussions must include
debates on economic growth with limited
resources, both financially and physically. But
r ey should also demonstrate an
.i .derstanding of New York State strengths

able to say: our schools are reflecting the
values of the three new R's as well as the old

. . we can respond to your industries' needs
for a work force. Why? lit-cause our school
systems will have been a part of the planning
and marketing for the economy of New York
State.

When the Governor created an Economic
Affairs Sub-cabinet this year, i formally
recommended at a meeting and followed with
a letter to the Governor's Secretary, Robert
Morgado, that any discussion of the economic
affairs of New York would be incomplete
without the perspective and continuity
provided by the Commissioner of Education:
One of our greatest economic problems in
New York State today is the high

 

 

.2.mua.aa=uoa '

....~ “s... umv..¢-..;..

may. mitts” 752%. .  r. .

ﬂ

photo by Ul’S/imiyami intuit

unemployment rate of our youth. Outraniong
that as our greatest emotional fear is that oi
youth crimes. The presence ot otii
educational representative was not only
necessary but vital. i am pleased to say llit‘
Commissioner is now a part of flitt'itf
discussions.

No longer can state government deal with
our education system in a vacuum by itself. it
must be linked on every level, through every
department of state government, so that lllt‘
planning for the luture involves the llilltltltiti of
our educators, the cooperation of out
administrators, and understanding of out
young and future work force for New Yiiik
State.

At the same time, our education svsti'lii
must respond to New Yoik‘s. litlitlt’tl
resources and modified growth by t'XPU‘vlllfl
our young people to the changing values
embodied in “Reinvestment ," "ltt'vnalixntti ni"
and “Restoration.”

We do not not need Proposition lli llVf‘li'll‘l
to sweep across New York State if olii
education system and state government, lit >|li
so monolithic to our citizens, can ltt‘tilli to
Work together for some common i'i’onoinii
goals.

We can begin by including (‘tllltilllll'v in
meetings to attract business and ititllt‘.|t\,’, lit.
working together in preparing om ‘lttlm‘i
people for the growth in tourism relativifiult‘v
and careers, by providing work exponent n fol
our youth in downtown redevelopment, ‘ullhlll
businesses, in housing revitalization and "I
historic preservation.

i know the education community has bwn
long ready. it's about time that govmnniviit
both on a state'and local level llttt'dtlti' a
partner with business, labor and education in
a commitment to the economic revwal oi New
York State.

l commend you teachers here today for the
outstanding job you've done with the lltlillt'tl

 

 

lmrtiCipation of government thus far.

 

 

 

 

l
l
r

 

/

July 20, 1978 v

H Blast From
The Liner Notes j.

 

 

Spence Raggio

U.K., as the name would indicate, is a
very British band. Its four members have,
between them, a foot on just about every
'branch of British rock‘s family tree.

Bill Bruford dates back to the last
incarnation of King Crimson, and has put
in time drumming for both Yes and
Genesis since then. John Wetton played
with Bruford as the voice and bass of
Crimson, doing some performance work
after that with Roxy MusiC. Eddie Jobson
is also from Roxy, on keyboards, electric
violin and electronics (after Eno) -— and
Bruford had to wrest him away from
Frank Zappa for UK. Allan Holdsworth
is the outsider here, having paid his dues
with Soft Machine and Colloseum ll.
What this means is that these
gentlemen are certainly no strangers to
each other; and they are certainly no
supergroup, despite their bloodlines.
These are the guys whose names you
have to go back to the liner notes for.
80 their performance to a full house at
the Madison Theatre Friday night was
tight, well-paced, and, most of all. a group
effort. ln-ambience, the concert owed
more to jazz than rock. There were no
laser lights, no dry ice clouds, no
elaborate stage settings. Within the
context of their primarily instrumental
set, each musician had the chance to step
out and strut his stuff.

Not unexpectedly, King Crimson is the
comparison that first comes to mind.
Bruford and Wetton have a lot of hours
together behind Robert Fripp and his
avant-garde notion of a rock band, and

 

 

 

    
   

Warm-up band Luxury: C

 

U.K. mounts
an attack on its
audience that
is alternately
hypnotic and
disorienting.

 

 

 

the influence shows.

U.K.'s sound is not a melodious one;
they keep their distance from traditional
musical structures. Like Crimson, U.K.
mounts a dense, layered attack on its
audience, an attack that is alternately
hypnotic and disorienting.

Bruford’s drumming gets credit for a
great deal of this. He is not a timekeeper
for the rest of the band, but as much a
lead insturmentalist as guitarist
Holdsworth. Best of all, he's got the good
sense to avoid that one evilest of spirits
that all rock drummers by the
hand w excess. Bruford is, in a word,
tasteful.

The visual highlight of the show was
unquestionably Eddie Jobson on his
piexiglass electric violin. One of the last

 

 
 
  

»

U.K. picker John Wetton, one-time King Crimson voice and bass,joinsfellow
ex-Crimson member Bill Bruford '

remaining practitioners of a craft
pioneered by John Cale with the Velvet
Underground, Jobson singlehandedly
brought the audience to its feet, crushing
into the aisles, and chanting "U.K.!

U.K.!" until the band came back out for _

an encore.

One more song, with Jobson‘
unleashing an even more dazzling display
of bow~string pyrotechnics and it was a
rock concert once again. A near—perfect
mix of energy, tension and music that left
the Madison crackling when they walked
off the stage.

0

Opening the show for UK. was
Luxury, a competent yet undistinguished
rock band that nonetheless deserved
lmuch better treatment than they

jilioto by'uuiw rntw

ompetent yet undistinguished.

ptiuio by gin-m- mix-

received —— both from the audience and
the promoters.

 

 

 

The Madison is a movie house, and

doesn’t have a large stage to begin with. -

But Luxury was forced to play in front of
all .U.K.’s equipment, leaving them just
enough room to spin around without
catching an ear on the power cords that
were draped haphazardly all across the
theatre.

They also had a significant number of
problems with both the sound mix and
the lighting, both of which functioned
beautifully for UK.

But to their credit, they took it all, even
the audience’s constant calls for the main
attraction, with rare good humor. And
that alone is reason enough to hope
they’re not long in returning.

 

The visual
highlight of the
show was un-
questionably
Eddie Jobson
and his plex-

i glass electric
violin.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

