WW

ﬁghts—W

-4

1......

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Your. Rights as Tenants

Albany‘s Housing Code sets down housing
standards for residences in the City of Albany.
it does not apply to mobile homes.

The Housing Code speciﬁcally outlines the
responsibilities of both owner and occupant.
the owner is responsible for proper
maintenance; condition and function of the
buildings she or he owns. Unless otherwise
agreed in writing with the tenant. the owiter is
responsible for furnishing adequate heat and

,hot water supply. except in units with
individual heating systems or domestic hot
water supply. If the owner provides cooking
and or refrigeration equipment. it is his or her
responsibility to maintain it in proper
operating condition.

the oecapant‘s responsibilities outlined in
the housing code include: limiting occupancy
of the premises to the maximum number of
people specified by the Code; maintainingthe
premises. fixtures. and appliances in a clean.
sanitary. sale and operable condition: to keep
e\its clear; disposing of garbage iit proper
pl't)\idt:d facilities; externunating insects and
pests 'n the dwelling nnrt'. rttid keeping pets
under control.

It sltttttltl he noted that the housing code. as
well as most leases. are written from a
landlord's porrit of view and thus cnipliasi/e
tenant responsibilities. l)on't forget that
landlords often own iririch property and are

active in local politics. which accounts for laws
Iavor‘itble to landlords.

ilCI't.‘ are some housing standards front the
code

Plumbing: l’lunibrng fixtures in each
duclling tlIlIl must include one kitchen sink.
one \tatcrcloset. one bathtub or shower. and
one laiatory. lhc \i'alcrsupply systcmshall he
installed and maintained so as to providcat all
times a sttppl) ot water to all plumbing
fixtures sufficient volume and at pressures
adequate to enable them to lniiction
satisfactorily and without undue noise under
normal conditions of use. liurldings ririrst be
provided with plumbing systems designed to
dispose of sewage liortiall futures. ('old water
must be furnished to c\ct‘_v writer closet and
urinal, and hot and cold writer to every sink.
lavatory. bathtub and shower. Hot water must
be at least lZi) degrees in l’otahlc (approved
tor drinking) water must he available at all
times iii residential buildings.

llcat: lltnldrngs intended for occupancy
between September l5 and .lurie l5 must he
prondcd with licattng equipment designed to
maintain a temperature of not less than 7t)
degrees l' at a distance of three feet lrom
exterior walls and at a lcicl ol tiic feet above
the floor. lhc capability of tlic hcatiitg
equipment to maintain such indoor

temperatures shall be based on outdoor
temperatures of -IO degrees F. Heat shall be
provided to maintain the indoor temperature
at 68 degrees F when outside temperature falls
below '55 degrees F. Fuel-burning water
heaters shall not be located in sleeping rooms.
bathrooms. or toilet rooms.

Lighting: Habitable space (space occupied
for living. sleeping. eating. or cooking) must
be provided withelcctric light. There shall bea
switch or other means for controllinga light in
errcli dwelling unit near the point of entrance
to each unit. Electrical wiring and equipment
shall be firmly secured to the surface on which
it is mounted. livery habitable space must also
have natural light through one or more
windows or other transparent or translucent
surfaces. 1 his window in each habitable space
must also provide natural ventilation and
must be constructed so that at least 45 percent
of its area may be opened. ,,

Garbage: lixtcrror property area shall be
kept Irce front conditions that might become a
health. accident. orlire harard. It is prohibited
to accumulate garbage or rubbish in halls or
starrwriys. lzvery dwelling unit shall be
|l|l)\ftlL'tl witli enough receptacles as may be
ncccssary to contain all garbage rind rubbish
arid all such receptacles shall he maintained in
good repair. Receptacles for garbage must be
made of dirrablc material. he watertight. and
must hc proiided with tight-lilting covers.

llasenicnt dwelling units: lhe Housing
t ode giics rt detailed outline of what makes a
basement habitable. lherc are many
rconircnicnts. some of which are that ceilings
Ill L'\L'l) ioorn must he at least 7‘0" high rind
must be at least J‘o“aho\c ground level. livery
roorii must him: at least one window opening

on the outside. llll.‘ totrrl area of windows in
cicr) room shrill be rrt least onc-eigth ol the
floor area ol the room, All exterior walls rind
llttrtl's must he driittp~piool arid water-proof.

Miscellaneous: iluildings with communal
kitchens and or dining rooms must be
accessible to occupants sharing them without
going through the dwelling ttllll of another
occupant.

Steps. walks. driveways. parking spaces.
and similar areas must be maintained so as to
afford sale passage under normal use rind
weather conditions. ( lhe Housing Code titres
not \ltL‘t'tik who is supposed to do this.)

llelccts. cracks. or holes must he tiglttly
scaled to preterit the entrance of vermin and
rodents.

lioitr May l to November I. entrances to
residential buildings must he provided with
st‘li'L‘lttstlttl type devices or screens. and
\\Illtltt\\\ or other openings used for
\cttttlritton must be appropriately screened.

  

Comment,

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

L:

 

 

 

 

- publications. I
surprised by his neutral stance inthe article. l .

 

Praise for Gissen

To the Edltor:

l was pleasantly surprised to read the
Feature article in the Nov. l0 Aspects by Jay
(iissen on Students of the 60‘s and 70's. Well
written and appcaling. it was a refreshing
change in this campus‘ main newspaper
l'\vas. however. somewhat

feel that it is a sad reflection on our generation
that since there have been no political
assasinations we are not prompted to action.
()nc ltris only to read the newspapers (as
seldom is done) to know of the injustices in
Nicaragua and Rhodesia. not to mention our
own country. Is this a reflection ofinaction by
today‘s college students? Is it the absence of
injustices iii our time that has lead to apathy‘.’
()r is it more accurately a loss of mass
rdcalisrn'.‘ I think the latter is a much trucrand
sadder cornmenl on as college students.
Marie l‘iannery

Pre-Med is Easy

To the l"ditor:

lhc article entitled “Student Suicide“ (last
Wednesday's 451') makes the feel rather
nncomlor table and at the same time causes me
to wonder abotrt the quality of unbiased
reporting on the ASP. M..l. Mcminott is very
quick to let the reader know that the student
who shot himself Monday was a chemistry
inaon and adds that he was taking physics.
mathematics. and computer science. Is he
implying that such a course load leads to
suicidal tendencies; that science majors tire
iiroic prone to the sort of trribalarice that lead
to suicide and depression: that such a student
naturally incurs ritidirc pressure oit himself as
a result of his choice of rnajor'.’ la rue the
answer seems clear.

I note with some consternation that the
student's major is full ottcrt mentioned in
articles of this nature. it took me several
articles. lor cxrttitplc totind otit what lltibert
Mickey's major is. and now i don't recall it.
lruly. the quality of the article in last
\\’edncsday‘s issue need not depend on these
facts. ()nly when such information is relevant
to the topic should it be ineltrded.

At“ I too sensitive about this. you ask‘.’ liy
now | arn. Asa senior biology major. arid a
student who has many friends who are
biology. chemistry rtiid computer sciences

majors. i can say for all of us that cltoice ola
major is purely one ofintercst. Yes. some of Us
are pre-professional. but that's not important;
we could be prc-med English majors to".
couldn‘t we'.’ We like what we‘re doing and feel
no pressure simply because we‘re not taking
psych. soc. tinthro and other “non-pressure“
courses. Science majors. pre-mcd students and
others who take such courses are nodifferent
from anyone else on this Campus who has
selected a major according to what he like;. m
do. N. wonder returning adult students stay
away from our end of the podium you‘re

‘ frightening them away.

Narrre Withheld
Survival Guide
Needs Contributors

To the i‘ldltorz‘

lzvcry two years the Off ('rirnprn
Association compiles an Off Campus (nude
to Survival in Albany. this year t)lt ('rnnrrrir
Association plans to revise the guide to
rncltrde varied resources which may be of overt
to tltc olf campus student. such as bar and
restaurant surveys. a primer on Alhrini
politics aitd things to do for free in Albany,

lhis is only a partial list of the lupin to be
included in the gait c this year.

Sounds great. nocttn't it‘.’ However. the
Survival(irnder'nrionlybcasgoodasstnrlrrirv.
themselves rn.tl.c ll. It you would like lrr ltr'lp
with typing. writing articles. art work. or
anything else vital to the prodrrctrorr or the
hut vivrtl (iriide. please stop by the()('/\ oftire.
(’(' Ilo or crill us at 457-3417,

SUNYA:
Plenty of Pep

Lisa l(\ltt‘s

To the liditor:

Willi all the talk of total apathy lrr\\.ttr|\
lttttcitnns at SUNYA. \\t' \\t’|r.'
pleasantly surprised this weekend at the ( rrL‘.Il
l)anc football game held on Sninrdai
November 4th at lileek‘er Stadium, A l.trr'r'
number of the student body crtrrie togcrlir-r it]
one giant ellort. rind proved that lllt‘lr' .llt'
people who still care in the SI \\ \
community.

Obviously. the points were scored in lllt'
tircat Dane lootbrtll tcarrr. but without rlri-
effort ptit lorth hy the Albany State KIi'HIllt',
l'cp lland. (itcct'lctttlct'. ()It ('atrrptb
Associations lriilgritc Party. and enthnsrrixtrr
spcclntors it would not have bccii as cola-uric

school

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

«1. row minute Wromu onnm— 4-H

EV:

 

 

        
  

AkDAVOlCEFW.

A crow We. "
‘tESMYSON!

 

war .
WORTH t7 

'1t

 

 

 

 

AND A V

ER OF ’

wrececew Mtretoro no
' 'i " an L

 

 

   
   
   

C6 FROM THE Tat)”
CE BUlLUlkJG

 

 

 

 

or as much fun to attend.

the Kicklinc is new to‘the Albany State
sports scene.joiningthe ranks ofthc Pep Band
and Cheerleaders. At last Saturday‘s games.
all three put on an extra special performance.
We feel that the ASP was wrong in not
including a picture of the Kicklinc and Pep
lland along with the cheerleaders in the
collage on page l7 of the Wednesday‘
November 8th issue. We don‘t feel enough

_ exposure was given to either organization.

Without these three groups' performances

- at half-time. the television coverage would not

have secmed‘as school-oriented or complete.
We thank everyone involved for proving

_. that SUNYA students are not alldeadhertds.
: We still care!

’ Name Withheld

 In Defense of Pittman

To the Editor:

in reference to the letter last week etititlcd
"l‘ittman Not Nursery." I believe some

' clarification ttceds to be done. First of all, one ‘
- opinion of a situation does not prove fact. I

believe the reader was misinformed on the

j setup that exists at l’ittinan llall.

So. we riiigltt not see a hot breakfast in the
morning. So the bus might not show and
you‘re stuck on campus for another hour. So.
some might not have adequate heating. Sothc
showers are always clogged. ls‘o we are isolated
from campus. liut the fact is that all the
students who“did not choose to live hcrc."are
generally satisfied. I personally feel that there
are a lot of terrific people at Pittman.
iiiclrtditig the Resident Director Mike Welcli.
and that is what makes it.

lwotrld like toadd that Mike puts trpwitlta
lot of r'owdiness that happens on our wild and
envy weekends. and he handles each situation
in air adult manner. 1 resent the accusation
that be. along with the RA's tirc babysitters.
Perhaps what you refer to as curfew is
probably known to most people as quiet
hours,

lhc point of this letter is to let the reader
know there arcr definitely good things

‘ happening out at l’ittnian Hall. The writer of

" l’ittnian Not Nursery" is in the minority if not
the sole supporter of his/ her argtiment. Most
oi as do not look trporr l’ittman as a caritp.
l'crhaps “name withheld" is too closed minded
to i'cali/c its polcrttial.

Nitrite Withheld

Misleading

To the liditor:
Unfortunately the recent .IlSI’ article

concerning the Class of ‘ttl cx-l‘resident

Steven Silverberg was grosst misleading.
Among the problems with the article was

the lack of investigation on the part of the
ASP staff.

If the author had checked it would be clear
that it was not one person(Schatsky) against
the President. but rather the general feeling of
council that Steve was arrogant and not
responsive to criticism.

Further investigation would also uncover
that among the many charges that Steve had
the opportunity to address. but did not for
lack of an answer. were:

l.llis nonfeasttnce. when he failed to fulﬁll
his duties as President when he failed to
advertise class meetings and reserve meeting
rooms as directed by a vote of council.

2.llis rnisfeasancc, when be misused class
money. by ignoring the votes of council and
spend money on ASI’ ads which were not
needed not wanted.

.l.lle had consistently demonstrated a
severe hick of leadership ability as meetings
which were held tittdcr his"|eadcrship“ failed
to get anything done.

4.llis malfeasance. when he falsified it vote
of council regarding whether or not the class
would call a rneetiuglo ratify the constitution.

lhcsc are a few examples of Steve's
incompetence as President ofthe Class of‘ill.
What had begun as a difference of opinionled
to severe disagreement as Steve‘s ineptness
increased.

ll Silverbcrg was so sure that the charges
leveled against hirri erroneous. why didn‘t he
risk impeachment proceeding iii an'attempt to
hc vindicated?

Hopefully this letter will clear up many of
the the misconceptions which the incomplete
.IfSl‘ article brought up.

llrad Rotlibatrm lreastircr Class of XI
Sandra lllitI. Vice President

Scott Smith Council member

(icnc l<aeey Council member

l’om Mtienkel

lillcn Nevin

Financially Screwed

To the Editor:

lhis gripe is directed toward the litirsar‘s
office and their policy of trivial billing.

My neighbor had recently received a late fee
billing of ten dollars. When she presented her
receipts to the clerk. she was told the bill was
paid on time and she orin had to pay the one
dollar difference that resulted from a
subtracttial error by one of the staff. The clerk
then instructed her to wait on litre. which later
nearly a half hour. to pay a single dollar.

Willi a problem that trivial. the
administration should inlorrn the student of
the error and give them the option of mailing
the money to the office. or forgetting it
altogether. lhcy WCt'L‘ responsible for the
mistake. riot the student.
llionias Murphy

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
      

 

r—ijaééﬁiﬁﬁiilésif_

 
  
    
   
 
   

  

 

in»? or- eotittse it
seen WAD F0“
0997mm w DOESMT SOMEOUE
Restore HIM?

 

@915 GENE maven.

 

E LOOKS more -tlE'S
mace mamas!

 
 

  

we «arr-—
HE'S 601' Textiles!

 

 

 

Ghost of Retrenchrnents Past ’

Comparative Literature was once a department‘at SUN Y A. It is no
longer in existence, having suffered under the administrative knife,
commonly referred to as retrenchment. - .

The reasons for the cutting of Comparative Literature are up to
conjecture. Charges of sexism, unfair inﬂuence by the chair of the
department in a tenure case, along with personality and political reasons
for the department’s demise abounded. '

’l‘he retrenchment of this department has been described as a way for
the University administration to “sweep...an embarrassing mess under
the carpet..." ._

Joseph Szoverffy was 0 cc the chair of the Comparative Literature"
Department. It was his handling of the tenure case of former Prof.
Judith Leibowitz which resulted in the lawsuits andcharges of sexism
and administrative abuse. And, perhaps,the demise of his department.

Szoverffy was described by a presidential adlhpc committee as having
a: “tempermental and adminstrative incapacity" to chair his

partment. As a result of his retrenchment, Szoverffy has filed suit
against SUNYA, SUNY and a slew of people involved in the case.

Vincent O‘Leary was once the chair of a Presidential Priorities
Committee under former SUNYA President Benezet and later a
_mcmber of the presidential Task Force which recommended dissolving
Comparative Literature. in a letter to this neWSpaper, Szoverffy accused
()‘l.cary of practicing a “double standard“, stating that a year before the
‘l'ask Force‘s decision to rctrench Comparative Literature, O‘Leary
“warmly endorsed my Department under my chairmanship."

lire building of this scenario adds up to an interesting irony.
vaerffy is currently being solicited for the position of German
department chair by O‘Lcary.

the German department is in a building process, and Szovcrffy
apparently is a highly regarded scholar in this area. However, to believe
that things are done for purely academic reasons on this campus after
the events of the past few years is certainly naive.

l)o Slovcrffy‘s lawsuits against SUNY and SUNYA have something
to do with this sudden friendlness'.’ He is obviously no lover of the
administration here. stating in his letter that “The State of New Yorkis a
totalitarian state and the SUNY conditions reflect this." To believe that

all will be patched up with a chairmanship here is not realistic.

As SUNYA attempts to reverse the negative events of recent years
(retrenchment and tenure hassles included), the return ofsomeone who,
as a figure in some oflthesc events will certainly be open to scrutiny.

Simply, this is something which SUNYA does not need. With some
forethought. let‘s hope that the administration will realize that
“embarrassing messes“ may be a part of SUNYA‘s past, but have no
place in this university's future.

 

 

 

 

 

‘l non/is lHMtlll Ll). l.‘rlrrur-ui-( Inc!
M..l. h1i\l\1(tll.tlr\\ (itsstx. \Irmugrng lfrlrlort

.Nius union . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . JILL HAIllER

Assoi IAH Niws iruroiis . . , . , . . . . . . . . S'lILVI: () . CHARLES BELL

Mn. .5 Hum" , _ , , , . , , . 1 , , . . . . . . . . . . . . burnt llrzioasoN

issuer/iii: Alil’H'Th iorron . . . , . . . . . . . . . .STEl'llANll-I Dar. VALLE

Si-oii'is innoii . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Ricti SELIGSON

xssor'ilrtr sPoitt‘s cottons . . . . . . . . . l’Atit. SCHWARTZ. DAVlD OsuottN

liniroaixi. I‘Atilis izntioir . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .ZACII KELsuN

slAll \Vltl'lulsi Al llaca. Charles ilell. Robert lllascnstein. Jeff Curone. Janet Cerni. Marie
t'ortissol. Mike Dunne. Michele lsrael. Jeff Kennell.J.M. Reilly. Aron Smith. Deborah Smith
' Scherer. l.loyr.l levcnberg zoutxc News: Laura Sclirttitb

we rumor its: Jew.
i-iii.vrrw a . Lynn llerz news I‘Dl'l‘oll QULBL‘CttS‘. Matthew Cox

 

JONA'IIIAN Honors. BtLi't'ness Manager

 

AIWHHISIME MAN/tout . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Dianna Kortr
Burma rrmsunxm . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . CAROL Corruss
I'kvriou. Mkakom . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Sle‘tN Assert
IItNIKKLLPINti BirNNY thrown

'Sleve (ioldstein. Jeff levitan. Richie Mermclstcin. Jody Wither CLASSIFIED
eve Mutter COMPOSITION: Amy Soars. Jeanne Ja AD riioatrcnoN MANAGER:
lrcric l-‘iririat Al) raoutrttrtou: Hildy Brand, Julie Grecnberg. i7. Kwasnik. Lir. Rozwod.
Laura Scliraiib, Stephanie Sherman tit-'i‘ICt: Lisa Applebaum. Ruth 'l‘crill. Darlene Fried

MICHAEL GILI‘IOS. Production Manager
"Al/lth CAIIUTII, Assistant Production Manager
LoaAiNr. LlltEllATORli
lliuAN Kua‘rzaa
Ron VAN Gaovtait

SALL‘t I’llllhllNNl.

  

limo wrist
Vilnrrr'xt. ('xkiitii/r . . . , . , _ _ , . _ ‘ I I ' ‘ _ _ ' I . _ _ _
(ill \I'llll b ( "ORDINAIUM

 

I'Ati‘IL-lll': Sally Anti ilrccher. Lynn Herr. Wendy Kaufman. Laurie Studwell Tilt-ism: Sail Ann

llICL‘llL'I'. ltohm(ioldberg.Cheryl Kaufman. Clara Kuebler. Marilyn Moskowitz. Diana ruci,

Ivy i'elt/.. Donna Reicliner. Lisa Selkin, Beth Stone no: use: chlllc Appelbaum
rloorauosl: Donna Reichner '

l‘uototilxritv. supplied principally by Urilvcrslry Photo Service
r'iiiizi' riio'toouriiur: Mary Ann Hovak PIIOTOGIAPIIEIS: Ton Tassarotti. Laura Viscusi.
Scott Arerunn. Rorinnc Kalakolf, Bob Leonard. Tanya Ann illarvey. Jeff Schnecbaum.
Sam ’lcrclli. llowie Jacobs, John Chow. Tae Moon lee

ESTABLISHED 1916 .
I'ln' :llhriny Student Press i.r pnbllsherlerwy 'Iirrntday and nlduy during the .i‘choolycar by the
Albany Student Press Corporation. an Independent not-for-proﬂt organization. Fdlmrlal
[min-v f.\ (It’lt'l'ltllllt‘tl by the [fillror-lluc‘hlej: ’und is subject to review byllie Edllorlal Board.
Mai/inc .Afrlrlrers: .rfllnnrr' Student Press. CC 329. I400 Washington Ave. Albany, N Y 12222

L . (513)457-3892

 

 

 

 

 

 

