Mm‘wuu‘ttkv-J v, - . < . . . . . a... c .c “-4...
M’owm an..- .c- - . . . as, . . .A. «sawed.-. ' t

' thank god
it's fridaul

Movie Timetable

, i on (MPH;

Albany State Cinema LC l8 ' r

The Last Remake of Beau Geste

The Eye of the Tiger ................ ..
Tower Es‘st Cinema LC 7

Exorcist II, The Heretic...................,...........Fri. & Sat. 7:30, 9:30)
International Film Group LC I

The Pirate ' Fri. 7:30, IO

An American In Paris ....  ................... .., ................ .. Sat. 7:30, I0

off campus

. Fri. 7:30, 9:30
....Sat. 7:30, 9:30

 

Hellman 4596322
Up In Smoke ......................... ..t ................ .. Fri. at Sat. 8:40, l0115
Tommy Fri. & Sat. [2
Mohawk Mall 370-l920
Death On The Nile .............  .........  ........... .. Fri. & Sat. 7, 9:30
Who's Killing The Great Chefs Of Europe ......... .. Fri. & Sot.7:45

 

)

 

Plaza 3564800

Up In Smoke ....  ........... .. . ...Fri. & Sat. 7-10. 9:10
National Lampoon's Animal Home ......... .. Fri. & Sat. 8:40, nglé

Cine l-6 459-8300

Death on [he Nile ..... ..
Goin' Sou/h .............. ..

Foul Play 
.4 Wedding..
Grease ..... 
Ileaven Can Matt.

Rocky Ilorror Picture Show

Fox-Colonic 459-1020

.Who‘s Killing The Great Chefs Of Europe ..Fri. IL Sat. 72I5, 9:30

Boys From Brazil 7, 9:25 ’ ‘
Hellman 'l'owne 785-]5 l5

National Lampoon's Animal House ........... .. Fri. & Sat. 7:30. 9130

Concert
Corner

Southsldc Johnny and
 n III I! L I .
Pat Travrrl ” " Theater

Dirty Angels, ” ” L '
Noel Pointer, RPI

Talking Heads, Madison Theater ..

Ramona:

the Asbury Jokes, Union College ...........  .......... ..Oct. 2]

Oct. 25
 ................  .......... .. Nov. l
Nov. 3
Nov. 3 & 4
Nov. 4

 

 

 

 

 

........... .. Fri. & Sat. 7[ 9:45
Fri. & Sat. 7:|0, 9:20

. Fri. 8t. Sat. 7, 9:20

Fri. & Sat. 7:15, 9:45

.Fri. & Sat. 8:35, 10:40
.Fri. & Sat. 8:30, 10:30
............... .. Fri. & Sat. l2

 

Crossword

ACROSS
-— Street
Ci rcumferences

Regulated system of
4

diet
The Four —
Dating on

' Meantime

Actress Sharon ~—
Car—window items
"All About -——"
Mr. Whitney
Taboo

Russian region
Actress Hartman
Lupino and Cantor
Comical

fills to excess
hoes lawn work
"Monopoly" square
Valley

Languid

Brazilian seaport

0
Goddess; of di 5-

aVc‘méUNh—

eta

 points of ii Bullfighters

the law I Have a runny nose

"My hoy'I Badger] ike animals

College course Sniff

Miss MacKenzie Shore

Other: Sp. Creator of Winston

Mad scramble Smith

Periodic table Theatre parts

item 2,000 lbs. (2 wds.)

Candidate for a Word of warning

Kleenex Attention-getter '

Madrid men Thin fog

Laundry appliances Dull

—— ' Brilliancy

American airline

3' Dlsdained

DOWN French law bodies

The Friday
ﬂi‘tcrnoon
Dlvslon

And then there was the guy who
claimed he could make love to ﬁfty
women in a row successfully. Some
promoters got wind of his claim, and
decided to fcaturc his performance
in a one time show. Tickets were
very expensive. and onthc night of
his exposition. there wasn't an empty
scat in the house. When this great
lovcr came out on stage, he collapsed
after making love to only ﬁve
women. When he was revived, the
promoters asked him what had,
happened.

“i don't understand it," he said,“it
worked perfectly in rehearsal this
aftcrnoonl"

 

 

editoriali

 

 

 

Follatts Folly

, the Editor:

' i really believed after attending this zoo for
r ycurs l was used to all the bureaucratic
llshit. But I guess you never become
ustomcd to this aggravation. i don‘t mind
gpnizational rules that have some purpose
mind, but why Oct. first? What is the
rposc of not being able to cxehange or
tain a refund for books, at the FOLLETT
NY BOOKSTORE after Oct. l? The
okstorc is a monopoly that charges
atcvcr cxhorbitant price it wishes and
. ows that it will never sustainadrop insoles.
cc it. the bookstore has you by the nuts, it's
'iking large amounts of money with a totiti
srcgal‘d for the customer. it reminds me of
a licll. It really depresses me tosce pcoplc no
'l'crcnt than myselfact in such unfair, unjust
ys to enforce a ridiculous rule. What was i
king for? All l wanted was a refund on u
ok I had purchased two days earlier. I
1. old get my eighteen dollars back and they‘d
l: . well the book. Why not after Oct. 1 allow
oks to be exchanged within a reasonable
;. 1c of thc date purchase, something other
- an Oct. lst. My main reason for writing this
s to get a response from somebody who

ows the reason for the Oct. lst deadline.
David Sullivan

Cheerleaders

, o the Editor:

 . This lcttcrisin reply tothc Chi Sigma Theta

‘i 2 stch' lctterinlast Friday's issue. Althoughit
apparent that this year's Homecoming

V ' aradc was not the most successful paradein
nrs, it is equally clear that in placing the

cheerleaders is uncalled for and unfair.
There is no group from this Universitythat
shows more enthusiasm or support for sports.
Who was it that did the advertising for the
football game at Bleecker Stadium (which
raised money for athletics, although
chccrleading is not funded through athletics)?
: The Cheerleaders. Who goeg to gwav
football and basketball games. often at their
own expense, to represent Albany State? The
Cheerleaders. Who is it at every game
supporting “our” teams, regardless of the
weather? The Cheerleaders.
if the R.A.'s wanted to help with
Homecoming, they could have. No one
excluded them. To blame the cheerleaders is
ludicrous. The winning ﬂoat was designed by
pcoplc at Pittman Hall (which is comprised of
all transfers). How is it that they found out
about the parade? The Class of ‘79's Class
Council and Central Council were two groups
that were specifically asked to include a ﬂoat
in the parade. They didn't bother to respond.
How many "sisters" or other members ofthis
University attended lhc Pep Rally for
llomccoming chkcnd'l Not many. It is clear
that if you want to get involved, it is easy
enough. But then again, it is always much
easier to sit buck and complain about poor
organization and the job someone else is
doing
Cathy Moncsculchi
Central Council,
Cathy Alticri
Cheerleader,
Judy Stcfanski
Member of Class of '79

 

Got problems with your landlord? Your
dorm director? One of your professors?

Ifyou've got any kind ofgripe, orforthat
malter ifsotnetht‘ng nice happens to you that
you'd like to share. write us a letter. Just type it
up, prtﬂ'rab/y double-spaced, and drop it off
at room 329 of the Campus Center.

Scott Joplln‘s city
Conceited person
“Your majesty"
french friend
Repair

Produce

Chinese. 0.9. ,
The wizard of ——
Park

—— in 'the policy
British suffix

Would you like to contribute to
The Friday Afternoon Diversion? if
you have ajoke or story you'd like to
share with all ofSUNYA, then bring
it over to the ASP, and drop it inthc
Managing Editor‘s mailbox, in room
329 of the Campus Center, and your
item just might become a Friday
afternoon diversion.

NFL team

A fool‘s ——
Staimay parts
More kind
Stare

Robert —
Melville book
"The Bridge of San
Luis "
Business letter
abbreviation

 

Trivia Time

Scotty.‘ Beggin‘ your pardon sir, but if we don't solve these ten questions, I

think the ship will blow up!

Kirk: Get right to it. Scotty. Hones, ltave any idea about them?
McCoy: I‘m a doctor, no/ a historian! .Wh y don‘t you ask this logical pointy

cared computer?
Kirk: Well, Spock?

Spock: Trivia is an illogical useless return to previous historical events that
requires more thought energy than deriving the [{i'thagorcan Theorem.

Good luck.(

I. What is Captain James 'I'. Kirk's
middle name.”

2. What is the identiﬁcation number
of the U. S. S. Enterprise."

3. Who war the actress who played
Spock '5 mother."

4. What is the name of the limer-
prire's space shuttle?

5. li’hat' l.l the name of ('aptain
Kirk '3 brother."

a, /II approximate/y what year. (Lil.
does the thou \uppo.\'t'dl_r take
place."

.
7. Name or d: it "In: thrct'i'ptwdm Ill
which .Spm‘k ltl/Il Ill love.

.‘i, What color it Spur/t 't blood, and
where it his hard heart located in lili‘
body."

9. What is the only planeI/orbidden
to Federation mt'ntben',hy penalty
ill/lilt'll/h?

Ill. What grain do 'l'rih/rles thrive
on.“

li’inru'rs' this week will not receive
free dilythium crystals, but will be
entitled tofreepersonals in [he ASI’.
'I'ntttsport your answers to CC 334
by start/ali- [0-23-78, and include
your name and phone number.

Last week's~ ant were:
I. Cat/75h Hunter
. Dale Mitchell
. Mickey Mantle, [lube Ruth
. [Ia/u- Rut/t
. . Duke .S'I’tni
. .l-J
. Roy li'htlt'
. 'l'mtr Norton
9. lldlt‘ .tlurtin
ltl. .lnrk ( hmhro - Highlanders

Ilu'rv' lH'Ii’Iltl In),l lt'fllllt'i‘l last \t’i't‘k.’

cord

Solution To Lust Week's l’i zlc

 

 

nun

SvRE You CAME “ho a mu‘k
FIRST...YOU ALWAYS

COME FiR$T...THAr's

WHVAlNElIER COME

(reruns.

('opyrighl |‘)7li. by John (‘uldwcll

 

 

@spectcS

 

w‘,‘

wants you

on their team.



if you’d like to write,

‘ , a),
, I
St“ Rt
i233?) \

hxuc
\

call Edith or Laurie

at 7-2194

 

amc for thc failings of the SA funded
Homecoming Events" group on the

Repeal the Anti-Grouping Law

With the City of Albany stepping up its enforcement of the anti-
grouping ordinance, off-campus students are once again bearing the
brunt of discrimination.

The ordinance states that four or more unrelated persons residing in
the same apartment constitutes a major housing violation. Students who
report housing violations to the Albany Code Enforcement Bureau are
being hit with the strict enforcement of this ordinance. Simply put, the
city is giving students the shaft by this action.

Let‘s examine what this will do to students. Since many students live
in apartments with at least four residents, they will be fearfulto report
any housing code violations. What if one of those violations happens to
be faulty wiring or inadequate fire exits? This could lead to the
possibility of endangering students lives because of a narrow minded
ordinance. ls the city of Albany prepared to take responsibility for any
student injury (or death) because of a housing code violation which was
never reported and resulted in a fire?

Students provide an economic boost to the city of Albany. They live
here and spend their money here. They rent apartments here and are a
part of the community. The politicians don‘t seem to care very much
about students — because, by and large, they don‘t vote here. To a
politician, one might as well be dead if one docsn'tvote. Hence, students
will continue to face this discrimination and intimidation.

Simply put, it is cheaper for students to live four in an apartment (or,
in larger apartments, more than four). A large number ofapartmcnts are
set up for this number of residents.

it’s not as if students are cramming themselves in large numbers.
Granted, there should be some limit to occupancy, but a limit of around
six per apartment is more fair. Under the present conditions, not only
can students be abused by the city, but they can be abused by the
landlords as well. The landlords will be able to be negligent in their
duties if there are at least four occupants, because they know that
students won't call in violations. The landlord faces aﬁne for violations;
the students the possibility of one or more of them being evicted.

Students private lives are being infringed upon, also. Many times, this

law has been enforced to impose the City‘s standards uponthe private
behavior of students. Which can translate into somethingtantamount to
not having parties for fear of code violation.

The anti-grouping ordinance enforcement is indeed an unfortunate
decision and should be stopped. The law, also, is discriminatory and

 

 

 

 

Truth In Tesiin

by Leslie Haber

Each ycur, millions of students take
standardized admission tests such asthc SAT.
LSAT, and GRE. 'l‘hcsc tcsLs affect the lives of
all American students yct information on
them is scarce. Public scrutiny of standardized
tcsts is long overdue. The New York Public
Interest Research Group (NYPIRG) has
proposed a bill which would protect the rights
oftcsttukcrs. NYPlRG will be asking students
for their support of the legislation over lhc
next month.

Studies of the tests do exist, but they arc not
gcncrully uvuilublc. Nearly all ofthesc studies
how bccn donc by the corporations involvcd
in marketing the tests, such as the Educational
l'csting Scrvicc. Allowing thcsc corporations
to examine their own tests is like letting
st udcnts grttdc their own cssuys; those who fch
lltcy hch dont: a good job will assign
themselves high grades.

l'ublic scrutiny ofthcsc tcsts is necessary for
at Icast two reasons. First, most standardized
tests are not accurate measuring iruiirurncnls.
A (17 point difference between two LSAT
scores is statistically insignificant, th law
schools take this difference scriously \vhcn
establishing cut~off points at 600 or 050.
S'wond, standardized tcsts tcnd to bc
culturally and economically biased. it has

' liccu provcn that, on lhc SA'l"s students from
afllucnt i'umiiics have better mcdiun scorcs
tlutn students from lower incomc
environments. It is impossible to look at test
validity and lost bias ntorc closcly nndcr lhc
present circumstances. The testing industry
must be made more accountable to those who
take the cxums.

9

NYl’lRG has proposed “Truth in 'l‘csting"
lcgislation which would mukc the testing
industry more accountable to students,
purcnts, and educators.

if the bill passes. all studies and evaluations
of thc test will be filed with the State
liducation Department (SED). 'l‘hcn people
will be able to obtain copies of llicsc tests
under the lirccdom of information Act.

’l'ltc legislation would also mandatcthat the
tests and the correct answers in: filed with the
Slil) thirty days after the test dates.

in addition, this bill would givc studcnts
and purcnts a much hcttcr idea of what test
scot'cs mean. The testingorganizations would
be compelled to cnclosc, in an cxisting
mailing, a notice detailing what the test is, how
iltc I'csults will be rcportcd. and how the
results should in: uscd. ln lltc notice they
would also lutvc to include a description] ofthc
lcsl, lhc catcgorics of persons who would take
it, and un exploitation of tlic conscqncnccs of
not taking it.

lot the ncxt month, NYI’IRG willconduct
an on campus, door—indoor pctitiou drch to
obtain supptul for the bill. Sludcuts arc more
acutely affected than any other scgmcut ol
sucicly. lhcy are cupllvc consumcrs for the
tcstiug industry since they must take the tests
rcgtu'dlcss ol thcir opinion of the sct'wccs.
Slndcuts can do something about the tcstmg
industry’s luck of accountability.

If you support NYl’lltG‘s efforts to make
lhc tcsting industry more rcspoustblc to
studcnts, please sign the petition. With your
llcip, the-“'l'ruth in 'l'csting llill" can be enacted
into law this session,

without much merit, and should be repealed. And this should happen
before the City of Albany has a serious student injury or death on its
hands because of its intimidating enforcement of this ordinance.

 

 

 

TIIUMAS MAaitt.t.o, lit/not-in-(‘huy
J MIMMOII. .IAv (iissiN, Managing Iii/non I I
NLWS lotion , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . z . JILL iIAlilzlt
ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITUI STIivu Osnut
lioiru Him s ,

Mums EDITOIS . . . .
Assoclnc ASPECTS corms . . . . . . . . . . . . .A . bl’lil'llANllE Din. VAu.s
Sunnis cotton . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Rica Suttosou
AssoctAic scours canon . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . PAUL ScIIWAm—L
llnnomxt. errs canon LAcu KstsoN
srAn‘ walrus: Al ilncu. Junct (.‘crui, Mitch Dutch, Ken Kurtz, David Osborn, J.M. Reilly,
'Aron Smith. David Spiro Ar MANAou: Jesse Schcrcr zouiAc NEWS: lauru Schrnub
ruvuw rAus: Lynn llerz Nt:ws DITOR QUEIECllSi Matthew Cox
.loNArItAN Honors. Business Manager

: Dlilllllli KUl’l’
RomN CousN
. . . . , . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . SUSAN Assuu

Baum: Buowu

onransmt; MANAora
BILLINo cousunANr
I'AanllJ. MANAuu
HOUKKIH'ING

SALES I-insoNNi.t.: Slcvc (ioldstcin, Jeff levittm. Richie Mcrmclslcin, Jody Wilucr CLAssIHm
AuvmltsINu: Stcvc Maur t'oMrosmoN: l’iu McGlynn, Amy Sours AI) raooucrlnN MANAusIt:
ilt'llL' l-itmal An raouncrltm: llildy llrnnd Liz Kwusnik, Liz Rozwood, Laura Schrnub,

Stephanie Sherman ort‘lcs: Lisa Applchanm, Ruth 'l‘crell, Darlene Fricd
Mlt'llkbl. (huros, Ihtduction Manager
llAi'ucN (‘Auxllrn, Ami/ant Production Manager
IliAn TH'ISI’ . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . ._ll.nxAtNl: l.lltl£RAl‘ttltli
Vuutt'At. (‘AitllltA llutAN Kllltl'LElt
DASH-UP: Sally Ann llrcchct‘. Lynn llcrz, Wendy Kaufman, lauric Studwcll rvrlsts: Iiclcnc
|)i uckct. ('liciyl Kuuluian. t'liu u Kuclilcr, Frau lcavitt. Jancl Shea, ivy Spicicr, Adela Slcllcr
eAtu: ran-z Leslie Appclbuum
l'nolouuAi-in, supplied principally by University Photo Service
t lllll t-noltmnArura: Mary Ann Ilovuk rumocmrlnias: Tony ’l'assurotti, Luuru Viscusi.
Scull Arcmuu, Rinnmc Kulakoll, lloh Leonard, 'l‘unyn Ann llarvcy, Jeff Sclmcehuum,
Sum 'lcrclli, llowic Jacobs, John Chow. 'l'uc Moon Lcc
ESTABLISHED l9l6

'I‘lu: Allmny Student Press is puhluhed ewry “outlay and Friday during thest'hool year by the
.»il/mnr Student Press Corporation. art independent not-ﬂir-prqﬂt organization. Editorlal
pulli‘t' it determined by the Iz'diIor-in—(‘ht‘eﬁ and is Stllt/t’t‘l to review by the Editorial Board.
Mailing address: Albany Student Press, CC 129, I400 Washington Ave. Albany. NY [2222

Q

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

