  

 

 

 

   

   

‘ ii V255 N w Karner “Lotus 
Arvin; Hy: mos assam ~
« iTt’rcsdoy

$.50 Drinks

' f"""" ““Wo (‘over Charge”

‘ I ' -Wednctdoy—‘
-‘ . , ladies Nita
-‘ 7: Price Drinks

  
  

 

 

«SN-4.“.

 

  

 

  

Beer Nile ,
Free‘Beer from 9 - 3 am.
Friday 3- Saturday

Folso's Good Time Happy Hours
9- to p. m.
Beer 4.20 Cocktails - $.40

   

 

 

FAYSOEJ Fuller lid
[- Proper /l\ 1 #_ ""
Attire
Pl"‘°__ Rt. Wash. Ave. Exit

 

F atso Fogarty’s

 

 

 

 

S\1\E xcnrng Theatres Under One Roof
A NEW DIMENSION IN CINEMA LUXURY

SATURDAY 

FEVER

(mt lirl

Original music
by the Bee Gees

Daily at
1:15, 3:30
5:40. 8:00

10:15

8th Record
Breaking
Month

“AN AMAZINGIN
COURAGEOUS.
DEVASTATING MOVIE!
BOLD. BLUNTLY
REALISTIC!

—Kulhlri-n I rtrrtifl .Vr'u Yuri. IrrrluNi-rrw
2:00I 4:30
7:15, 10:00

1:30. 3:30 

5:30, 7:30

It

 

THE LATE GREAT

:00 3'00

. zoolvéoo PLANET EARTH “’6’

:00

utmtnwnr MAI. .

PAGE TWO

 

 

 

Coutd‘ cotton. candy become a
major new source of protein for a
hungry world?

Not the sticky pink fluff sold at

- carnivals, bat candy —— and other

tasty treats — actually ’made from
cotton. .

If the thought of eating cotton
doesn‘t exactly start your mouth
watering. consider this: Americans
may soon be eating lots of
cottonseed nut bars. cottonseed
butter sandwiches. cottonseed in
cakes and desserts, cottonseed oil on
salads and cottonseed its a meat
extender.

“We‘re just about ready to move
from research to a marketitble
product." says Texas A & M
University's Carl Cox. head of the
Texas Natural Fibers and Food
Commission. a state agency
composed of university scientists.
He offered it jar of deliciotrs oatm -al
cookies made from cottonseed.

Cottonseed - with a protein
content of 37-39 per cent far
surpasses the protein content ofsuclt
current staples as high grade wheat
(ii-ll per cent). almonds ttttd
cashews (l8 per cent) and peanuts
(26 per cent). Iircad rrtadc from
cottonseed contains 25 per cent
protein -— l0 per cent more than
wheat bread.

And. accordirtg to a four-year
study headed by Dr. Itctty Alford of
Texas Women's University. the
protein in cottonsccd is ltigltly
digestible artd is lower irt calories and
oils than most other nuts. In
addition. I)r. Alf'ord‘s rcs-arclt
shows. cottonseed is ltiglt itt
potassium.

Comp Lit

it'll/lllllt'r/ Ironi page llllt'
front Linda in otrr dcpartittctital
office. III] 272."

Slovcrffy has also dcntcd tltc
cltargc that the I cibouit/ case was
tltc final cause of tltc rctrcrtcltrttcrtt of
Comparative Literature by l'lIllttL'l‘
SUNYA President l'.litltlt:ll l-rcltl‘s
task l‘orcc. But. in It lcttcl dated
May I. 1075. to lorrttct \tcc
President of Academic Affairs
I'litllrp Strotkrrr. ltt.‘ \tatcs.
“Yesterday allcrnoort l’rol. Arthur
Collins cantc ot otrr dcprrrtrncntal
office and iii the cristttng
coriyer'satton ltc made and repeated
tltc statement that tltc unfortunate
pttblicrty around tltc I.cihowit/ case
may well lead to the abolishntcnt of
tire Department of Contpartittrtc
arid World Literature. As he put it.
'l’lte administration would look
upon the department as a trotrblc
spot.‘ and wottld try to clrtttirtatc it as
we ltavc at present a serious firrartcial
situation and the money is scatcc."

He continued Ill lltc lcttcr to list
tltc reasons he hclicycd he was not
responsible for tire slltlltlltill. and
states. "1 am asking for tarrncss and
justice at tile samc tirrrc. lltc present
tension arourtd the l.crboyyrt/ tcntri‘c
case tsdtrc to lltc fact that tity plea to
reconstitute the department was
rgrtorcd about six months ago. thus
causing ttttttcccysttry‘ ctiltlpllt‘ttllltlts
and also placing a lot of tttidcsciicd
hardship on me "

llrr :partrncnt was ultimately
r ml wrtlr lltc lil\l\ force on
Pillllr in and Resources stating
that. " l his department's rntcgratric
potential ftrr lltc foreign language
and literature departments has lrccit
apparent for sonic trrttc. as obscr \cd
by last year‘s Sclcct ('ontmtttec.
However. the department has trot
been able to provide the leadership
necessary to ttiottrrt such it
program."

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

  

  
 
   
        
      
 

r‘s‘n‘n'm Urged to Cut .Back Production
WASHINGTON (AP) In an effort to rally more farmers to its cause. tin-
American Agriculturc movement has backed away from its'originat film of
shutting down US. crop production entirely until its goal of hrgher prices it
reached. Spokesman for the Colorado-based group said Wednesday that it is
now seeking a “50 percent no-plant policy" for I978 in its attempt to ram.
farm commodity prices to lot) percent of parity. Representatives said lltal it
the original aim of a complete no-production shutdown was pursued it
“could break the national economy. resulting in serious hardship. cw"
starvation“ for the country. ‘

Ransom Demanded For French Baron

PARIS (AP) Kidnappcrs of wealthy industrialist Baron Etltltlttrdnlctttt
Empain have contacted the family and demanded a ransom. l-rcrrch
authorities artnourtccd today. An Interior Ministry spokesman sttid lltc
kidnappers provided proof they are holding the 40-year-old Itclgnrn
nobleman. Sources said they sent a letter written and signed by ftirtt. (icrtiid
Itergcr. the rttirristry spokcstttan. did rtot reveal tlt- amount of tftc l'ttllytrlli
dernartdcd for the safe rcturrt oftltc handsome ltcir to tltc Empttin-Scltttcitlci
group. one of liuropc's largest industrial empires. But he said their dcrnnnrh
did riot appear to be political in nature. I‘lte ransomdcrnandcd was said to be
several billion old French francs. which would put it iii the range of 55 to y In
million. sources said.

Carter Says ‘Yes’ to Funds for Food Co-Ops
WASHINGTON (AP) 'l'ltc Carter adrttinistration changed courses y cytcrdrn
trrtd artnounccd it Would support legislation to provide federal loans to non
profit cooperatives formed by consutttcrs to provide Ilicmsclycs \\tllt
groceries or other retail services. [he adrttinistration‘s cndorscrricnt t'l tin
proposal greatly increased its chances for approval by Clitlgl'css lltc
adrttirtistratron opposed tltc bill first year wltcrt it passed tltc House by a \lll_L'lL
vote. lltc legislation would establish a federal batik to extend loam it.
consumers that hand togctltcrto establish a nonprofit grocery store or tilllyl
type of retail service.

Rain Atlects 26,000 Phone Users
NEW YORK (AP) telephone service was interrupted I'lrursdny to .‘t. ono
customers iii the New York metropolitan area after ltcaiy rains dronngt-r!

. telephone equipment. In l‘isltkill. wltcre 4.000 persons were still \irtlioni

scrvicclatc lhursday. tht York lclcplioncasstgncd mobile unrtstoproorl
emergency service to the police arid fire dcpttrllttctlls. Scryrt-i- \\.|x
temporarily interrupted to 8.000 of tltc (i million customers in \lrrnhanw
wltcrc drrtttagc was tcrtttcd "light" by a coittparty spokesman In Ibooi M w
and Queens. service to 6.500 phones was interrupted. and on Long Island
7.500 phones were affected. ntostly irt ’trtcltoguc.

Link Sought Between Saccharin and Cancer
WASHINGTON (AP) A new federal survey of saccharin studies L'llllt llltlt“~
tltcrc is rrol enough data to know whether or not the articrfirrl who v.
cttttscs bladder citrtccr' trt humans, So lltc goicrnntcnt will l.tllllLlI .r n. r . i
sltttl)’ of its own tit hopcs of gctting better answers. the new |lllt'l.ty‘tl:
stirycyrclcascil Wednesday said riortcol eight sfttdicstt examined on till. [M v
saccharut cart cause cancer iit humans gave a dclirtititc answer I at It .I‘ 4-»
had certain dclictcttctcs "that hate undermined confidence III I lrcrcoilt- "
rcport Silld. lltc study group concluded tltcre isn‘t enough L'\ltlL‘lltL' to |‘t

o’ disprove the hypothesis that using articilial swcctcncrs. \pi-trtnr
sacrharm. Increases the risk of ltutnari bladder cancct',

Senators Call For Jobs For Youths

NEW YORK (AP) three state senators proposed yesterday tlrnl llu
Legislature amend (ioycrnct' llugh l.. Carey's plan for a $750 million [M t I"
"to provide good. honest. pcrrttancnt private-sector jobs and training tor
trrtcrttployablc youth." Senator's l‘ltllll I.ciclttcr(l)-l. Manhattan). ‘t’L-Ih'm'
for himself and Carl McCall ( I)-I. Manhattan). and Mayor t)\rcn~ I II I
Brooklyn). said the current state youth uitcrttployincnt frguic of titrooo .. r
"trmc borrth in our society ""In lltc long run this program wrll p.i\ tor no :‘
I.ciclrtcr said at a ttcws confctcncc ltcrc. "liithci‘ we spcndtlic $15 million no
way or pay a lot rrtorc later for social disruption."

 

Carey Now Two-Time Grandad

NICW YORK (AP) Withtlrc hirtltol'a 7-pourrd. l2-oitncc girl to Strum .
Dempsey. (iov. Hugh Carey has become a grandpa again. ('arcy no“ -1-"
two grandchildren. lltc baby. named Katherine. accordtngtotlrc rm“ 
office. was hornyttsl tiller 7 run. yesterday at I cnox lllll Hospital ltt'ti \lt'
Dempsey. 2‘). l.\ Carey's oldest daughter and the wife of Martrrr llt'llll" ~
tnarinc insurance titan. lltey lt\c iii the Prospect Park section of lilo-Ill ‘
M rs. Dempsey lost art infant tocribdcallitwoyeitrs ago. lltc gou'lllv' " "
Chris. arid datighter-irr-lrrw. Bonnie.Irrivcadittrglttct', llctlt Izrica All: i .1!
also has a son. lltonias. by a prctiotts marriage.

Carter Skeptical of Anti-Smoking Drive
WASHINGTON IAI’) l'lte tutti-smoking drive launched by lt't'l‘l‘ 1‘
(‘rrlrfano .lr.. lltc rclorrtictl smoker wltois secretary of health. L'tllttrttt-W Hvl
Welfare, has gotteir a decidedly mixed. it not skeptical. reaction at Iln \\ nut
lloirsc. I’rcss secretary Jody I‘owcll gave it a rrrild L‘lltllilsclttclif “Iv-ll
snuffiirg ottt one cigarette and igniting ariotltcr at a daily news llllt'lrlty'
Publicly. l'rcsidcnt (‘iirtcrlras stud nothingin all. I’rivatcly.thc non stitch“!
president has dccrdctf it's riot his light. When an aidcscrtt lllttt a rncnroor. r in
subject of smoking a few months ago. Carter sent it back with ,r' on:
handwritten message; "I refuse to be drawn ittto this fruitless rsstrc "

JANUARY 27. 1978

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

by Steve Bracken

wSA Legal Representative ’Jack
Lester. learned last month that he
didn't pass the New York State Bar
Exam. As it result. Lestersaidthat he
has submitted his resignation to SA.

According to SA Vice President
Kathy Baron. SA refused Lester's
resignation.

“We thought that he had done a
goodjoh as legal representative. and
that he deserves another chance."
Baron said. I‘Ic offered his

 Legatf‘Rep Fat-lsBar Errata

resignation because “he felt that he
had let everyone down,“ she said.

Legal Services Task ‘ Force
Chairman Paul Fcldmnn said that
Lester‘s resignation was discussed at
a recent Central Council meeting. at
which it was decided that “it was the
best thing for the students. SA. and
the program" that he remain legal
representative.

“We also received good feedback
from the students about the
program.“ l‘cldman said.

Council Chairman Lissner
May Face Referendum

by J.M. Reilly

('olonial Qutrd Board Member
I’hyllis Mauarella says sltc has the
signatures of 200 Colonial residents
on a pctitiort to recall Central
Cottncil (.‘hairpcrsoit Michael
Lissncr.

I'ltc pclitiort would irnplcntcrtt a
yestto referendum to be held on
Colonial Ouad to decide whether
Lissitcr should be recalled as a
Colonial Quad rcprcsctitatric to
Council.

If a majority of Quad rcsrdcnts
votc "  Lissncr would hate to
rcsrgn as a Council rcprcscntatitc.
automatically forfeiting his position
as chairperson.

Ma/larclla said lltc pctrtton
would be submitlcd “to lltc propct
authorities at the proper time." htit
dcclirtcd to say when that would bc.

  

“Maybe tomorrow. rttaybe next
week; I‘m in no hurry. But I do ltavc
the signatures and I artt going
through with this. Nothing will stop
rttc except Michael‘s resignation."

She said she felt that Lissner ltad
alicrtatcd many Council members in
his role as chairperson. and thus
coitld itot “represent Colonial Quad
residents adequately.“

Lissncr called for Mar/areIIa to
"hand in tire petition and start tltc
proceedings if that's wltat sltc
intends to do. l.et tltc people on
(‘olonral Quad decide it they wartt
me as their repr'cscnlatiic. arid not
Phyllis Mal/arena.“

Mtr/lat‘clla refused to say wlty slit:
hadn‘t turrtcd the pctitioit Ilt except
that sltL' wanted to "talk to Dave
(itll(l first. and sec toittorrow's

itIlllfllIlt't/ on litter \l‘l't'll

Feldman added that it would take
four to eight weeks to train someone
else who doesn‘t know the program.

“'I‘hcrc is no change in Jack‘s
status,“ he said. “Thisjust delays his
ability to do some things."

Lester said that he will take the bar
exam again on Feb. 2|. He said he
feels that he will be more prepared
this tintc. and that SUNYA‘s legal
services program has given Itiitt
experience which will aid him.

He added that he felt he had done
a good job as legal representative.

According to Paul Kietzman. an
attorney for Rosenblum and
I.cventhal. Lester will probably
continue to perform his present
duties until he gets results front the
next exam.

“He just cannot go to court to
represent someone. set up his own
office. or practice law until lie
passes." Kictzmait said.

Krctzntan added that a person can
take a bar exam twice a year. or if
necessary. three consecutive times.

If he fails the third tirtte. Ire tnust
take additional law courses before he
cart trike it again. he said.

SA Legal Representative Jack Lester. who loomed'lut month that he
didn't pan the New York State Bar Exam. had hll otter oi resignation
relueod by SA ottlcintrt because they tell he had done I good lob.

Feldrnan said that Lester‘s salary
has been cut twenty per cent as a
result of his failureto passtheexam.

"'l he [SA Legal Services]
Program called for a $I0.000
retainer. conditional on acceptance
to the New York State Bar.“ he said.
"Lester‘s salary was cut to $8.000."

l"cldman added that Lester‘s

salary will be raised again in July
should he pass his next exam.
Fcldman said Lester was upset the
first day after receiving the results of
the exam. and felt that he had let the
students and SA down.
“He felt that a full lawyer was
rtcedcd for the program." l‘eldman
i'rlillillllt‘r/ on [rage/ire

Arrest Made for On-Campus Rape

by Stuart Vincent

University Police arrested a tttart
Jan. .‘land charged hirtt with the rape
of art Albany tvorttatt in the Indian
Quad parking lot.

the incident occurred on Dec. I}
trt about | p.m.. according to the

W003 Still Not a Sound Operation

by Thomas Martcllo

SllNYA's rtcw I‘M radio station.
WCI)“. will begin broadcasting Ill
about three weeks. according to star-
tion getteral manager Paul
Rosenthal. Original hopes that the
station would begin broadcasting at
tltc beginning of the semester wcrc
frustrated by delays in construction.
Roscrttltal said.

"Construction is about two “ccks
behind." said Roscnthal. “'I ltcrc
were several delays in deliveries of
equipment. 'I lie studio will bcablc to
be used next week. After that.
cosmetic and finishing work will
how to be done."

lltc station's antenna and
transmitter were installed on top of
Mohawk |o\\ct inst prior to lfl-
tct‘scsston. lltc \lrtlltill nlso tcccntfy
Itttttlc ti scttcs of lt.rtisttttltct‘ lt'\l\

“ l he tcsts went off without .r
flirty." said Roscnlhnl. llc said that

 

tltc broadcasting range ol the station
is greater than originally cxpcctcd.

“We Will have a prrrttary listening
atidicttcc irt irscvcn rttrlc radrusot tltc
uptown campus. Signals \vctc also
r'ccciycd If) to l2 miles away in
Schenectady arid Iroy. We should
reach sctcral hundred thousand pco-
plc."

lltc I-(‘(' has to grattt the station
progrartt tcst autltorrty hclotc they
can bcgtrr actual broadcasting.
Roscrtthal dcliycrcd lltc application
for tltc authority to Dean for Stit-
dcnt Affairs Ncrl llroytn. who will
dclrtcr II to Sanford Icytirc of
SIFNY. l.cyrnc should send II to lltc
l Cf’ by curly itc.\t \vcck

“lltc submission of the applica-
tion means that we are physically
trblc to begin broadcasting. \\'ltlt‘ll we
will bc by next week.“ \illtl
Rosctttltiil.

('uticnlly. tlic \lttltttlt is rclrnrng

 
    

UPS/ RONNIE HUUIMAN

A new plan to tighten security at the downtown dorms has been
developed and could be Implemented in about two months according
to SUNYA Department of Public Safety Director Jim Williams.

JANUARY 27, 1978

its programming schedule and train-
trig ncw' ntcrrrhcrs, lltc station will
play primarily progressive rock
along with several hours of’progt‘attr
ntirtg dc\otcd to jtt/l. Roscnthal
said.

Other plans for tltc programming
rncltrdc ltourly news broadcasts as
wcll as spccrrrl news shows. special
music programs. live concerts. a
weekly comedy show. a weekly call-
Ill talk show and play by play sports
cotcrrige of the (item litrncs basket-
hull and football gartrcs.

Downtown

by Mike I‘eitrlrnait

A plan to rncrcasc security at the
|)irrpcr campus and Altrritrtr Quad
has bccti dcyclopctl and could bc trit-
plcntcntctl Ill about two months. ilt"
cording to MAYA licptittirrcnt of
Public Safety
\\ rllr.rrtrs. lltc plan follows
rrrtrcrsnis tlr.it \L'Cllllly downtown is

lltlL‘t'lttI lrnr

rntrdcipttrtc.

lltc plarr will inyolic hriiiryI too
llL'\\ officers to tlL'lIl with traffic
tickctrng and parking \ rotations. lltc
lc'lcrtyt' of two I ttf\L'|\tl_\ Miller of-
ltt'L'ls from this task to patrol Altiirr
Ill (Judd and lltc Drapcr campus. and
lltc pttlL‘lIttsL‘rrl new cotnpmcnt to in-
cicasc tltc clficrcncy of portable
radrosloruscontltcdowntowncant
pits.

llndcr the new security plan. an
additional patrol vclticlc would also
he purchased for c\t.'lusivc ttsc
downtown. and office spticc suitable
for the two officers wortld ltc ob
troncd.

Williams silltl ltc rnct \\Illl \nc
President for Business and l'lIIr’lltLL‘
Affairs John llnrttgtrrt otcr rrrtcrscs
sion to otttltnc lltc plan. 'Atltlllftittnl
approval by tltc Administration may
he required before the plan gcls furt-
ding, lrc said.

Director of the Department of
Public Safety Jim Williams.

the victim. who isa resident of'the
Alharry area but riot a student here.
was ltitcltlriking from downtown
Albany to the uptown campus to scc
about possible enrollment at the tin-
iicrsity. She was picked itp by two
males who drove her to the Indian
Quad parking lot and assaulted her
at krtrfcpoirtt for over an hour.

She t'as cvcrttually released lroiti
lltc car and wandered around itrttil
sighting a University (irottnds
Department trttck near the Campus
Center.

According to lltc Monthly
Report. prepared by Williams. shc
ctttcrcd the cab of the truck and
related tltc incident to one of the
maintenance crew while apparently
rrt a state of shock. l-Ic tltcrt drovc her
to the Campus Police.

"He was very Itclplttl arid made a
good sttpptit'llltg statement on the

victim's emotional state of mind.
which is very important in a rape
case." Williams said. “Site didn‘t
wartt to report it at first but be con-
viitccd her to let ltitn drive her to the
police."

Investigator Gary O‘Connor talk-
cd with the woman and proceeded to
take ltcr ttr Albany Medical Center
for examination and interview tre—
cording to the report.

“Investigator ()‘Conncr arid tltc
Albany Rape Crisis Center did ttrt
excellent job in reassuring lltc wo-
man.“ Williams said. “The victirtr
gave us a good description of ltcr
assailants."

As a result of tltis. ortc of the two
men was arrested following a week‘s
investigation which included work-
irtg with the DA‘s ollicc.

According to Williams. tltc rttrrrt
was asked to come lit for an inter-
view and was arrested soon after. He

i'II/Illllllt'r/ on [mgr \r'vr‘n

Security May Improve

"I simply can't predict" when lltc
tttcttsttt‘cs \\‘Ill be ptrt into opct'aliott.
\'\ tlltttins said.

lltc plan should tighten security at
tltc downtown (ltitttts by t'cplacrng
trio yirrtclrrrtcri prcirously stationed
tlrcic. Williams \tlttl. lltc \irrtclttncn
lrtrd been employed by l irtprtc httrtc
t'ollcge. which rcccntly decided to
\.tt.’tllt‘ tlrc Diaper campus

|l.rrtrg:rrr \rllll that funding is bc—
irri.I \tttlytlll lroirt tlri' lit\lkltill of tlrc
lluilgct. .tlltl lic cstrnititcil that thc
l Much”) Will need about Sitttlflf)
for lltc plan, He also .‘rtlld that a task
loicc has hccit ass-gncd to study fltL‘
s.r|cty \Illlttlltlll of tlic dowrrlowrr

dorms arid look Iitlo possible
solutions In other scctri'rty-rclalcd
proltlcrns

Alumni Quad Coordinator l.l/
Itadko said that things wct'c \cry
orrrct met the Winter i‘cccss. "Iltcrc
lruic been no pioblcttrs at all." sltc
said. "No biciik~tits and no signs of
.rrry break-Ins. She said it was lltc
first time she could rcitternbcr that
there were no break-ins met a recess

 

pcirod.

Williams said he feels cortlrdcttt
lltc plan will be a sttcccss. "I think
orrcc it gets cstahlisltcd it will
ttllL'HttlL‘ all corttplitrnts that Irayc
been coming Irortt lltc downtown
tcsttlcnls." ltc said.

 

 
  
  
  
  
   

Sodium Lighting Project
Bright Idea for Downtown

lltc downtown dor iris will hc lltc location of an experimental lighting
protect rntolvtng lltc installation of high pressure sodium light bulbs.
according to SIWYA Physical Plant Director l'rirnk Kopf.
"We Itavc asked residents attd staff to L'ttlcl'lattt t he idea of high pressure
sodium lighting rntlrcr than air increase in courtyard lights.“ said Kopf.
According to Kopf. the bulbs will save tip to 50 per cent rrtorc clcctrrcrtv
than standard bulbs. and iii many cases may provide better lighting.
this will mean added safety for Alttrttni Quad residents. he said.

 
   
   
   
  

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE THREE

  
  
   

r.
l
l
i.
i

_- a...» .a ‘ «WAR .. Nip...

i

   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  

