 

 
  
  

 

This year’s Student Association elections have lacked many things.

The slogans and campaigns have been less than exciting. The

competition has been less than ﬁerce. And the ﬁeld of candidates has
been less than promising.

Last week, the endorsement committee of the Albany Student Press
spent several hours interviewing each of the presidential and vice

, presidential candidates in an attempt to assess which would be best for
each job. The endorsement committee was comprised of seven
individuals who are fairly well versed in the issues of the campaign, and
who have had the chance to see most of the candidates in action during
the year.

The biggest edge the committee had in making a decision was the
opportunity to sit in a room and talk to the candidates about many
things. Naturally, how the candidates stood on the issues played a big
part in the decision-making process. Other things also added into the
process, such as how each candidate said he/ she would approach the
position, each candidate‘s experience and how each candidate seemed
likely to inﬂuence the direction of SA.

The committee looked at the past record of each candidate, and at
their integrity. Also a factor was how that candidate said he / she would
operate SA next year and whether the candidate will be able to stand up
to the many diverse factions (i.e. students, administrators, faculty)
which will have to be dealt with. The SA president and vice president
should be well-versed in university policy and responsive to students.

Student Association should be a unified body working for the came of
the students on all fronts: academic and university policy; clubs and
activities; special projects and student service programs. The executives
should also have the ability to garner student support on pertinent issues
and use that support.

These are not easy jobs. in the past, less than promising candidates
have had ineffective terms, and even promising candidates have turned
in disappointing performances.

In this year‘s election, the Albany Student Press endorsement
committee sees promise in only one candidate: Paul Feldman for SA
president. The field is very thin this year, especially in the race for vice
president, where the committee gives a slight edgeto Fred Brewington.

Here is an analysis of this year‘s candidates:

Romelle lsaacs

' Romelle lsaacs is sincere. but her campaign leaves much to the
imagination. Posters reading “Come out of your shell with help from
Romelle" and “Does the name Romelle ring a bell? Vote-N-tell" tell us
little about why she is running.

I lsaacs seems to admire the way Kathy Baron has carried the office of
vtce president, championing women's causes like the women‘s health
center and generally raising the feminist consciousness on campus
through her position of importance. lsaacs would like to apply this
formula to minority students, hoping to increase SA's appreciation of
minority affairs as well as women's problems.

Although lsaacs has some experinece — she was on Central Council
and IS active in AS UBA among other things — she is lacking when one
talks of the position of vice president.

I lsaacs possesses sensitivity and is sincere in her beliefs. The job ofSA
Vice president demands more than that. The day-to-day hassles and
abuses an SA vice president has to deal with would most likely frUstrate
lsaacs and render her ineffective. It would be much better for SA ifshe
were designated to work on a special project, rather than electing her to a
posnion of SA vice president. it would probably be much better for
Romelle lsaacs, also.

Debbie Raskin

Debbie Raskin points to her experience in SA as the major reason for
people to vote for her as vice president. She has been on Central Council
for the past three years and her major accomplishment was the designing
of an atheletic budget as chair of the Atheletic Finance Committee.

Raskin has also worked at SASU and is definitely SA all the way.
Raskin has been able to work with both administrators and students.
She is very popular; last year she totaled more votes than anyone, while
she was running for SASU delegate. Raskin is a hard worker and will be
able to enlist support of students for positions on committees, etc.

There are problems with Raskin, however. The fact that she has been
on Central Council for such a long time is probably more of a detriment
than a strong point. She is not an initiator; although she works hard at
what she is told to work hard at,there is littleimaginativethoughthere.

When asked if there was anything she would change at SA, Raskin
could not offer an answer. This shows that she is satisfied with the way
things are being run at SA, which means that she would favor a status

 uentAssoeiatiiinElections 1‘ 97m

quo at SA rather than a change.
The fact is that even though SA has been able to do some good things

- this year, there are a lot of things that could use revamping, changingor

discarding. Money has been wasted in certain instances. Projects have
fallen through. There are things that need to be carefully looked at and
changed. If a candidate states in a campaign that she couldn‘t ﬁnd
anything about SA that she would change, then there is a good chance
that nothing new would happen 'if the candidate got in.

And that’s called stagnation.

Endorsement:

Fred Brewington

Fred Brewington has held such varied positions as RA, captain of the
football team and vice chair of Central Council. In holding these
positions, Brewington has been able to communicate with many
different types of people on this campus. Brewington feels that his
leadership qualities will serve SA and that his ability to communicate
will turn the office into what he terms a “revolving door" atmosphere,
where the executive officer and the students give equal input.

Brewington enjoys the respect of students and administrators. and isa
hard worker when directed, possessing the ability to organize large
numbers of students.

Brewington has some drawbacks, also. One is that he really hasn‘t had
the chance to accomplish much, having to work and co—exrst with
unpredictable chair Mike Lissner.

Brewington says nothing new when questioned about goals for next
year. He is a, ‘lassic apple-polisher: a quick smile, a handshake and a
smooth line. Sometimes people wonder whether there is much substance
behind the smoothness.

The feeling here is that there is some substance there and that l'red
Brewington will be able to use his apple-polishing ability to SA's
advantage next year.

Like Raskin, Brewington will need to be pointed in the right direction
.when working on projects. He isn’t going to come up with the great new
ideas for SA, buthas the ability to helpimplementsomeone else‘s ideas.

The ASPendorsement of Fred Brewington for vice president was not
a unanimous decision. There is not a tremendous amount ofdiflerenec
between‘him and Debbie Raskin. Both are equally qualified or
unqualified, depending on how one wants to look at things. The major
difference is that Raskin offers less diversity than Brewington. lf
Brewmgton works hard enough, he might make a good vice president.
Our endorsement of Fred Brewington is more of a gut feeling than
anything else. Hopefully, he will bring to SA a rapport with many
segments of the student populus that have shied away front the third
floor Campus Center for many years.

Right now Fred Brewington is largely untapped potential and the best
way to tap that potential is by electing him SA Vice President.

Sharon Ward

Sharon Ward has left a major role in the Student Unioni/ation
Movement to run for SA President. Besides being on“ “f m“
organizations of SU M, Ward is also deeply involved in SASU, and W“5
on Central Council last year.

Ward is an energetic person who can dedicate herself to a cause in il
moment’s notice. Her accomplishments this year include hellling I"
organize a successful voter registration drive and the CDTA rallies.

.Ward‘s goalsas SA President are lofty ones. She talks ﬁlm”! such
things as code enforcement by the city of Albany to protect off-campus
students, improvement of financial aids awards procossing. Slimmg
student decision making power in the determination ofcourse offerings
and_in the selection of professors, and improving the quality of food
serVice by appointing active student leadership to the UAS Board of
Directors.

ether with the student union, which she says she would help grUW

Tog
as SA president, Ward will attempt to widen the power students have on
issues.

Ward‘s goals are "0‘ only ‘thyi they are probably unrealistic. SitnP'Y‘

Saying that one is going to obtain “in " “5
cr n camp
does not achieve this. eased “Udcm power 0
Anomer question to be considered is how this power will be obltllm‘d-
ingpvfhm h‘fl’pens if it is obtained. Ward favors activism. She said in the
InterView that she would like to see SA take more of an adversary

role when dealing with the SUNYA administration, Confrontation

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 candidate Analysis and:  :niinrser

 

:.   

 

 

 

 

politics, might be cool if you're a student union leader, but it is not the
most effective method if you’re SA President. Much can be achieved bv
attempting to work through the bureaucratic channels of the
administration prior to resort to activism.

' And Ward might very well be a “picket happy” SA Presdient. Using
these type of tactics every time things aren’t working out the way you
planned tends to do more harm than good. First, the administration
loses respect for you. And more importantly, the student body will lose
faith in your ability to represent them. When that faith erodes, then a
president is doomed to fail.

Ward is a very idealistic person and might become very frustrated
because she would not be able to reach many of her goals. As organizer
of SUM, there were many problems in delegating proper responsibility
and coordinating it effectively. This brings up the question of whether
Ward can get people to Work for her.

Sharon Ward is a tireless worker. She can take a project and throw
herself into it totally. HOWever, it is doubtful that Ward can excite
people around her enough to have them give equal dedication. And with
high idealism, lofty goals and an itchy protest finger, it is doubtful that
Sharon Ward can make an effective SA President.

Tito Martinez

Tito Martnez, like Ward, is a SUM person shooting for the greener
pastures of SA. Martinez was the leader of SUM. Heinitiated the break
away from SA and the development of the union's constitution.
Martinez is not as outgoing as the other candidates, but can quietly build
up a formidable amount of support issues.

Martinez said that he plans to both use SA as a focus for university
programming and strengthen SA's voice in academic decision making

by working more with faculty.

Services that Martinez would initiate include a tutoring center for
students, a career resource center and a voluntary student patrol with

i-sttudents working with University Police and receiving credit for it. He
also plans to set up a review board which would give SA groups more
input into SA budgetary operations.

Unlike Ward, who favors hand-in-hand cooperation between student
government and student union, Martinez said that he would mobilize
the student union on lobbying issues at the Legislature. While this
approach makes more sense, it is doubtful that it can be implemented,
because the union needs leaders. it is tough on a student organization
when its two stronges leaders are running for SA president.

In addition to his involvement in SU M, Martinez has had quad board
experience, serving as Indian Quad President this year. He has gained a
reputation of running a “good quad." The SA presidency, however, is
another story.

Martinez‘ plans sound good on paper, but don’t seem to be as well
thought out as they could be. Martinez has had limited experience in
dealing with administrators. His idea to involve faculty is a good one,
btit it sounds more like a faculty member‘s idea ratherthan Martinez'.

Martinez is still preaching Dave Gold’s worn-out line about gaining
grassroots support for SA. Martinez sincerely wants to do good for the
students, but he scents a bit naive about how to implement these ideas.

Martinez will simply have to undergo too much on-the-job-learning for
SA‘s good.

Another thing in Martinez‘ disfavor is a statement he made about
breaking down existing SA programs. While the turn to “mass
programming" this year has undergone some justified criticism, tearing
apart new programs is not the answer.

Tito Martinez should not drop from major involvement on the
S U NYA scene ifhe isn‘t elected SA President. He is a sincere worker and
his best place is the position he left to run for SA office. Thejob is far
from completed at SUM, (now the Albany Student Union), and they
need competent people. If Martinez doesn't win, and returns to the
union, it would probably be the best situation for all involved.

Endorsement:

Paul Feldman

Last year, he was “mad as hell“. And that was before he lost his first
bid for SA President. Paul Feldman is much more low key this year, and
with good reason. He doesn’t have to toot his own horn, because his
qualifications for the job bellow out like a full orchestra.

Feldman probably knows more about this university and has it
functions than any other student at SUNYA. He has worked atevery level:
University Senator, Acting SA Vice President, UAS President and
member of the SUNYA Presidential Search Committee. He was the key
f actor, in bringing to SA one of its major accomplishments this year: a
comprehensive legal services program. Although even Feldman admits
that it is having its problems, the program was a tangible~
accomplishment. »

As UAS President, Feldman helped in the creation of one of the finest
additions this campus has seen in a long while: the Mousetrap Wine and
Cheese Place.

The facts are there. Feldman can and has gotten things done. And as
SA President, there is much more for him to have an opportunity to
accomplish.

Although Feldman spent the year dealing with the bread-and -butter
issues as UAS President, his priorities are with academic issues.
Feldman believes that SA should no longer shy away from issues like
distribution requirements and grading policies — issues he feels are
more important to most students than what kind of beer SA will serve on
the podium.

He also has some ideas for SA, such as an automotive co-op and a
discount card for SUNYA students to use with most of the businesses in
the area.

The only danger could come if Feldman allowed the thought of
becoming SA President go to his head. That is what happened during
the campaign last year and it set him on a self destructive path. However,
Feldman has grown a lot in a year and now has all of thetools necessary
to become SA President. That is why he was the unanimous choice for
the endorsement of the Albany Student Press.

Along with this endorsement is a word of caution to Feldman.
Because he knows so much about this university, he might tend to be a
bit too conservative and try things that are only sure bets. The best
projects are usually the ones that are long-shots at succeeding; it is
essential to take chances even though some projects may fail.

Paul Feldman has the qualifications. He hasthe accomplishments. He
has the dedication. All he needs are the votes. Then, he‘ll have his long
awaited opportunity to do the job.

 

; A+BANY
‘ -Nl
323%
Itltt\l \\ \l Ullll Ill. liliiui Ill-( l'ii'l
JU\\III\\ Honors, \limiieiiie Illlll‘l
\im iiiiiini MAIitiiu ('irr
\ssoitari Nt\\\t|lllt|t1~ llll ll\l|ll(, l)t\l\l liin '\Ntl\ Swill

l‘l‘llll NIMIISUN. l.\t tut Ssiii as

l)l\\l\ Si lll\ll(. (i l'w at [Al mutt
Knit Sititistm

l’.\ll Siiiwaui/
JUN Lament

\si-ii is unions
\\\(ll IAH ASPH l\ HllIUKS
Saturn tltlitih
\uttl IA" \Pftlh lltllltll
tiiirulusi nus lDlHII .
\HH walrus: AI lines. Stew llraeki-ii. l ildu: l meirnun. Mike i‘rted. Ken Kurlz, MJ. Mem«
IiIiIll lt'rH Mikorcndn. Steietlsrer. Mike l'earlmau..l M Rllll). DaiidSpiro u Mamas-s:
l llL'Il \larxilen. .lrne Selicict IUDIM mus: 1 suite (ilnser nlvilw not: Hilde Brand les
misrni: I an... \ciiiauh \tnnm t: Sandy Robinson Mws lnlllll mums: Bryan
llollbcrg
Barn ( will. ‘lilll'IlHlllA‘ .llmiugt'r
SrtNi't RAtinm
WALItn llltlIMAN
CAROL (‘oiuiss
. . . . .htlJN him.

“I \I\I\\ lUOIDINAIIII
[It slNLM \uiw."
Ilium. lllPllTMINI
I'u'iioii “nu.”
w l\ rtl\lt\\ll: Mike Aidan. th‘lllt: Mcrrnelsicin tussimn Abvtnllsmot Sieve Minuet
lll\lrlt\lll0‘<7 I\III) Sums u) tonwosimm: lieu: l'irmat. Kelly Kits. Debbie Kopl, Lir.
k munik. Stephanie Sherman tutti i: 1 mt Applebauin. Mark Balthiilard. Michelle Muckrcll
Juwl 1n. I‘rmlmiiiin Manager

Mir nle (iiiims "unlit"! l’mrlur'li‘im Mariung

. . . . . . Jonv WiLNtu
(lurnir (DOIDINAHII . . . . . . . . Rii'ttsriia Brim
\‘iiim in twin . .Dns KAFIUW, Jen stnm
HUI-t r: l ttﬂillm.’ Di l'ierm, Rich l'iaua. Allison l'loich, Harsh Sobel. Laurie Studwell.
l)..\c Mallai-h. Maureen Winien IntsrszClars Kueblei. Laurie Leslto. Lorraine Libs-note.

Denise Mason. Diana ()ruci. Amy Phillips. Adela Stellar. Dev Tobin
ESTABLISHED "It

I he llltani Student Pm: upub/lshrdewn' “ruddy and Friday dutingllrurhaolyeglbylhe
Album Sim/ml I’im Corporation. an independent nut-fur-profii alganlralloanirwhl
pnlii r is ileirriiiiurd hr Ihf Liliiur-in-Chie‘ﬂand is subject to nvlew byllie Irma! laud.
Mailing mums. Albany Sim/ml Prm, ( t 129. I400 Washington Ave. Albany. N Y [2222

"no IVPIH

 

 

 

 

albmysnkapmssooapomﬁou

IOAID or Dillcrols
Sruum DIINANK A'SIINCI Rsoaioc DANIIL (mm

 

 

 

a.
is:
t:


l

       

.2: as. :attwk ‘rv‘b
_ 3 ." a . 

fa- .e. as. as. u».:g ex"

.i.

 

