 

 

 

‘ Don Road
On Saturday afternoon, the
Albany State rugby team pulled off a
huge upset over Colgate, shutting
them out twice by identical scores of

t In “A” action, tough defense and
an excellent kicking game prevailed
as Albany notched a try early in the
second half.

The first half ended in a 0-0
deadlock with Albany moving the

ball well against the Colgate serum.
Sure-handed Wences “The Samoan"
Rodriguez, in his ﬁrst game at
scrumhalf. played very well in
leading the 2-] Danes to victory.
Second Half

. The second half was as
devastating as the ﬁrst, with Albany
moving the ball steadily downfield.
but Colgate consistently came up.
with the big play.

Senior drop, Frank Fuhrman,

 

 

stoituu Lauois reassure
Candidates Forum
Broadcast Live on WCDB April 19 at 8 PM

 

scored on a 7-yard ramble into the
end zone and Albany led 4-0. The
defense then really poured it on, led

by .lim.“Ding;Dong” DignanrDave y

Thomson. and Gary Boceio‘; , .

The “A” team's neitt match is"

Saturday, as they facearch-rival Un-
ion College at 2 pm. in Lincoln
Park. ,

In “B” action, Colgate was again
held scoreless. The Albany scrum
dominated throughout the contest.

Frank Sheehan broke the ice for
Albany offensive-wise, as he picked
up a loose ball and, scampered into
the end zone for in Albany 4-0 lead.

The PAT attempt failed and State
captured the 4-0 victory. holding off
a Colgate rally at the end.

 

Interviews

will be given on Thursday April 27 from
 for re ueting seniors
interested in Sales/
These interviews will be sponsored by:

arketing.

 

moire $220

UPSJEFFSCHNEEIAUM

The Albany State ruggara dataatad Colgate twice on Saturday by
identical scores oil-0.11» Danae taco rival Union ttila Saunday.

Tokens In Tourney Final

by John DeMartinI

Albany State‘s representative in
the Schlitz intramural basketball
tournament, the League lchampion
Tokens. have advanced to tonight's
ﬁnal at Union Collegeagainst ii team
from Siena.

Sicna won by forfeit over Hudson
Valley C.C.

The second round was played on
Sunday night and the Tokens were
victorious, defeating RPI 65-52.
Ferris and Williams led the winners
with 26 and l2 points respectively.

an in W..k In the first round, the Tokens Siemi beat Union bit-46 to reach

a a I derailed Albany Business College the finals against the Tokens. lt~WiII
X travel ill-40. Joe Williams had I9 points be it rematch of last year‘s linal,

' . X hard workin and led "Spoon" Ferris liiid lit for which was won b the 'lokens.

Sign up at the Placement Office. 9 me “km

In other first-round action, Rl’l

ONLY 18 People Will be interviewed!! C“" ‘°' °" '"'°"‘°w ousted Cobleskill 71-50. Union

\\t'tlllt'\(lil\ i\ \iiri i.i|
iil iilt‘

 

 

 

 

 

 

 romped over St. Rose (ill-35 and Lillig Bl‘illlt'll

s:

 

’~Mliﬁam=ziﬂtstdw“aﬁ<n::atwasvow-aw!» s .  

."“IF‘

»  an; t A

TAVERN

With SUNYA '0 _ (manor/mm: “rumour/1mm um Iii—imam
LEFT on NORTHWAY EXIT 14 (1.1 mile) wed-i Apﬂl 19 dance & listen to
mom 0N KAYDEROSS PARK norm

sans-room“. Special on Seagrams 7,...50'
 Last Move

r-------I -------'

5"” I Thurs, Fri, Sat
Friday: Clams Special 5-7 pm. $1.10 a dozen

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

“Some people think Anny Nurdng h tho riflorange
and pulling ILP. "'1 really amazing how little
they know."

—Lloutenant Mary Ann Hepner

“Though I’m an Army Nurse, I can also pursue outaida
Interests like drone-designing and sailing.

“One of the pluses of Army Nursing is the nature of
tho nurse/patient relationship. I don't treat patients like
numbers. I follow their progress. I visit them after the
acute part of their illness is over. They are so appreciative.
It’s really part of a nurse's lob to help the patient through
an illness.

“To me. it's an important lob . . . My family is very
proud of me. I'm the first person in the family to join the
military.

“The Army is a place of self-discovery. It's a total
learning experience. "

If you'd like to loin Mary Ann Hepner in the Army
Nurse Corps. here are a few facts you should know. Army
Nursing is open to both men and women. under the age
33, with BSN degrees. Every Army Nurse la a commis-
sioned offlear.

You are not required to go through the Army's
standard basic training: instead you attend a basic orienta-
tion course. Your initial tour is three years—just enough
to try the job on for size.

For more Information about opportunities for Regv
istered Nunoa In the Army Nurse Corps, you may write:
Army Nurse Opportunities, Northeast Region, U.S. Army
Recruiting Command, Fort George G. Meade. MD 20755.
Or, you may telephone the nearest Army Nurse
Opportunities ofﬁce. Call collect in . . .

In Boston: “1642-6000, Ext. I22

In New York: arrests-1m :t

in Pittsburgh: “1644-58”

In Philadelphia: “3-597-95Id

In Baltimore-Washington. D.C.: 301-617-500!

_ . a .. ,/
\\‘V _ ‘ ‘ i "/

large savings on and medium Sizes!

Just bring this coupon into any Pizza Hut " restaurant
listed below lor deli0ious eating at deIICious savings: $2.00 oil
on any large size or $1.00 oil on any medium Size pizza,
Your choice of mouth watering Thick n Chewy pizza or
tasty Thin 'n Crispy“ pizza. any toppings you It e. Come on
in while the savings are hot!

mmgumthese
Pimiiut‘iestatn'auts
O
l6l9 Central Ave, Alban 869-3336
203 Wolf Rd. Albany 45 ~|221
638 N. Loudon Rd. Lathum 785-4670
I767 Western Ave, Albany 4560820 0

One coupon per pizza. please Ollor valid With this coupon on regular menu

rices only. lhrough y ,
oi valid on any other promotional otter

.->_~.

 .'.y m- 'n/‘mr 4.

Ask for Information about . , .

The Army Nurse Corps

t

{g mum Wing co. atom. in

 

 

 

Ctisli viiluu wot
D i .
1918. I ma llut. iiie. v

- - - - - - -
APRIL 18, 1978 ALBANY B'IEIUDINT PRESS

 

Q

PAGI DIVIN'I’IIN

u ﬁbers-sans!»

retrain-w  ,. .

 

