 

by Paul Schwartz

It was the start of the fourth
quarter and'the Danes were trailing
Towson State 22—19. An Albany 11}-
point lead was all but forgotten.
wiped away by two consecutive scor-
ing passes from the Tiger‘s outstan-
dingquarterback Ron Meehan to his
premier receiver Ken Snoots. It
appeared that Albany's ore-game
fears might become reality. and that
the Danes would find themselves
clutched in the all-too welcome arms
of mediocrity.

Five minutes later, mediocrity was
just a dirty word not to be repeated.
An offensive outburst directed by
Dane signal—caller Terry Walsh ac-
counted for two quick. ﬂashy scor-

‘ing drives; Albany led 30.22 enroute

to a 37-28 victory last Saturday at
University Field. and Towson was
left with a long bus ride back to
Maryland and nothing to show for
it.
For the Danes. there were heroes
in abundance; a team effort in the
classic sense. In the first half it was
the defense. which held the 'I'igcrs‘
potent offense to an uncharitable
seven points. The second half
belonged to the offense; an Ill-point
explosioti iii the fourth quarter put
the grime away. There was no one
highlight; it was a series of “big
plays“ that disriiantled 'l'owsoii piece
by piece.

'After receiving the starting rind
at running back for the first time this
season. senior Fred llrcwington
rcspondcd with a 60-yard
touchdown jaunt on Albany‘s se—
cond plrry from scrimmage.

'chlt cing starting quarterback
Brad A‘drich in the second half.
'l'crry Walsh provided a spark forthe
Albany offense. Ilis fourth-quarter

heroics included a perfectly timed
29-yard pass completion to Levi
Louis to set up the tying field goal, a
10-yard touchdown run to put
Albany ahead and a scoring pass to
tight end Ed Sellers to seal the win.

'Freshman halfback Dave
Warbite got a telephone call last Fri-
day telling him not to dress for the
JV game. because he was to suit up
for varsity the next day. His ﬁrst
carry of the ball-game was a 57-
yard romp to the Towson seven~yard
line. “I cut left and saw a tremendous
hole.“ said Warhite. “You could lira
whole mack truck through- that
hole."

'Steve Smith spentso much ofthe
game embracing Meehan. the two
looked like dance partners. From his
defensive tackle position. Smith was
involved in three quarterback sacks.
0n ’I'owson‘s first possession, Smith
caught Mceliaii for a seven-yard loss
on a key fourtIi-aiid-one situation on
Albany's 32-yard line.

'Sellers and reserve split end
'fony Moschcllu were involved in
two fake-out-schoolyrird plays that
surprised the Tigers. On their first
possession of the second half.
Moschclla took a reverse pitch. and
following a crushing block by
Sellers ampcrcd 23 yardsfora six-
poiriter. In the I.)rines'cxplosivc five-
iiiiuutc outburst. it was Moschclla
that started the ball rolling. After
rcceivinga reverse pitch from Walsh.
Mosebclfa showed off his passing
arm with an rreriul to Sellers good for
30 yards.

Ific buildup before the game
touted the ‘l'igers‘ formidable pass-
ing attack. and the Albany defense
was well prepared for it. Meelian did
show why his right arm is so
respected. completing lo of34 tosses

 

Sports.

It’s Danes Over TowSontState In,

 

 

Friday. October 13. 197B

i‘hriller . . '.

 

Toweon's Torry Callahan (#74) comes up to put the tlnlshlng touches on Dane runnlng back Lovl
Louis. A IOIIOI of big plays ted to Albany's 37-28 vletory. (Photo: Laura Vtscust)

for I75 yards. However, the
sophomore ’l‘owson quarterback
threw two interceptions. one each by
cornerbaeks Joe Rajcrack and Ken-
ny ’rtulo. and didn‘t break the
defense with a long bomb all after-
“(it)”.

"I think we confused the hell oirt
of Mcclirui in the first half.“ said
Dane defensive coordinator .Iack
Scdlicki. whose tone reflected his
satisfaction. “We used all out pass
coverages. and I don‘t think he
always knew what we were in. Our
scouting report said that he didn‘t
throw the ball away. but we confused

him into throwing sonic passes he
shouldn't have.“

It was the much publicised
Mcebaii—Suoots combination that
forged 'I‘owson to a brief 22- I9 Icad.
()ri 'I'owsoii's next series. Meehun
took his tearii 55 yardsineight plays.
Willi tftc brill on the Danes 25~yard
lirtc. the 'I'iger quarterback took his
usual deep dropbrtck and spotted
Snoots sprinting down the right
sideline. 'Ihe perfect spiral found a
pit 'e in Snoots hands. and the agile
r'cccivcr then skipped past defensive
back Rich Ileinicrle for the big six.

l'hc Dane secondary. which bent

all grime btrt trevcr broke. had their
hands full with a hoard of talented
'I‘igcr pass-catchers. who had their
hands on many catchrtbletosses until
a purple-shirted Albany defender

jarred the brill loose.

With Albany in front 7-0. Meehan
found his fight citd .lay Robinson for
an apparent touchdown; apparent
because of defensive brick Don
Ilowcu‘s tremendous hit in the end-
/.one late in the first qurtrter.

With his team trailing, Meelian
tried for points exclusively through
the air. On two succ ssivc plays

continued on page nineteen

. . . As Buffahi ’3 Surprises Come Tomorrow

by David Osborn

After starting every game for
Albany State since the early part of
last season. quarterback Brad
Aldrich will be delegated to the
backup role when sophomore Terry
Walsh leads the Danes in quest of
their fourth straight victory
tomorrow afternoon at the

University at Buffalo.

Albany head coach Bob Ford
made the decision to elevate Walsh
to the starting spot on the basis ofa
buoying effort since preseason prac-

 

Torry Wot-h will be the starting quarterback tomorrow for Albany
when the 3-1 Dame taco Buffalo. (Photo: stove ngro) '

tice. capped off by a victorious per-

formance in last WCL striumph over
I'owson Statc. Aldrich had recorded
a riicdiocrc showing against

 

Ilrockport two weeks rigoand a Iagg-'

ing first Iiulf against ’l‘owson led to
the switch.

“'I‘erry looked a little better in
preseason. but naturrrlfy we went
with Ilrrid because he was our proven
winner frorii the fine ‘77 season.“
said Ford. “But 'I'crry has niridc the
tiiost of his chance. Last week he
came on iii the second half. showed

at

 

 

sortie impressive strits. moved‘thc
team quite well and won; he deserves
the starting shot."

Last year. Aldrich bttttlcd with
Fred Ilrewiiigton in a hotly-
coiitcsted rivalry for the starting
quarterback position. “ferry cante
in late inascrimmagc rind did a great
job rind we all sttid ‘gcc. isn‘t it it
shame 'I'crry didn‘t get the chance to
vie for the starting job‘.“ Ford
remembered this week.

Aldriclt enterng stiprcriic early iii
last year‘s 9-2 bririiicr yearaiid head-
ed iiito this year‘s camp as the tiri—
disprttcd starter. Walsh. who es-
tablisltcd himself first season as the
second string quarterback over
Ili'cwington. agriiii assumed tiic
backup quarterback chores. “I‘cri‘y
has showed wcll every time he played
this fall and done ri fine job on fakes
its the holder.“ Ford said.

Aside front the quarterback
transfer. it will be a solid. healthy. 3-
I Dane squad that travels west to
meet the spunky 2-3 IluIIs. llotlt
schools have beaten their one corri-
rnon opponent thus far; Ilroekport.
Albany's crisier 42-28 triumph gives
tficrtr a nod siitcc llnffrilo was forced
to stage it motiuriicntrtl comeback to
win .lS-Jl.

buffalo scents to be a squad
capable of the lust-minute surprise
vitril iii close games. "'I’heir overall
character and ability to pull off the

unexpected plrty at the right moment
are the most striking charricteristics
of the team." said Daiics' assistant
cortch lid Zttloom.

Against Cauisius. tlic llulls scored
two fourth-period touchdowns to

. win Io-IO first week. Earlier in the

season. the Ilrockport win proved
even more dramatic. The Bulls surg-
ed for two scores within the final
three minutes. Quarterback .Iiin
Rodriguez coiiitcctcd with end (iary
Quatrani on it 47~yrird scoring pass
to lift them to victory.

For his performance in that game.
Rodriguez. ri o-l. IRS-pound junior
was named IECAC Division III brick
of the week. Ilis numbers for the
grtriic read as l4 ol' I9 completions
for Ill? yards rind tltrcc touchdowns.
flirt he has not equaled that outing
since. and Zaloom said he is art
erratic passer who can be rough
\ilrcn connecting. wcak when he‘s
UI‘I.

Rodrigrrer's receivers. however.
may be the most noteworthy players
on the Buffalo squad. Quatrani. a
soph on an overall young tcrrrii. is a
speedy split end who can also throw
the option pass. llc carrglit six tosses
in the Ilrockport win including a 50-

yr ‘d scoring grrrb in the opening
period in addition to the game-
wirriiiug catch.

Frank Price at slothtick‘ is
probably the more dependable. ric—
cording to Zrtlonut. brit not the deep
threat Quatrttiii is. “I’rice liris it fine
piiir of frauds and he knows how to
find the openings in the secondary.“
he said. “If we can stop Quntrriiii rind
l’riee. we‘ll probably stifle the crttirc
offense."

In the Cruiisius victory. l’rice

 

caught seven aerials for l22 yards.
The 5'1 I"soph is also very capable on
art cud around and it isjust that type
of riizzIe-daulc plriy the Dane
defense will have to be on the writch
for. If AlbanyI settles itito ri defensive
pritteru where they think they hrive
Buffalocontained.tIieycouIdcxpcet
something unorthodox. Zaloom
said.

Originally Buffalo rttri riri option—
or iented rtttaek with split bricks erirly
in the year. Iiut Zrilooni feels they
moved away frorii it because Rodri-
guez was not rtdcpt with the formula
and the bricks didn‘t have the speed
to turn corners frequently. Mark
(iribr'cl. another sopli. is the IiuIIs'
top back when they run. iii straight
of’ILIackIc plays.

tiabrcl rati for Ill) yards on 2f.

attempts and scored once last week
and lie also caught two pris ~s. Ile
lacks great speed. laloom si d. but
he can gain the critical yardage on
short bursts when needed. A frost of
Iliills alternate at fullback a posi-
tioir used essentially asa blocking cs-
coit by Ircad conch Ilill Drindo led
by (iariy I-cfts (5‘5". lilo) and Joint
Illack.

Iiuffalo‘s offensive front excels at
tltc guard position rtiid Iricks over-
powering si/c. averaging 2 ll) pounds
across. .lirii Vans (6‘2". 245). the co-
captain and right guard. is the stan-
dour on the fine. “It! Ilitlfs gerirtlieir
ground grime to his lattes rilong with
right tackle .lue I’revill. 'fiiii Crimes.
a junior. is the left guard.

continued on page nineteen

 rm

.k.

 

_l

.A 44km

Vol. LXV No. 36

 

7’
m

1978 by Albany Student Press Corporatlon

ALBANY
STUDENT
PRESS o

Team Evaluates Chemistry PhD

by M.J. Memniott

A written report on SUNYA‘s
doctoral program in chemistry
should be released soort. according
to SUNYA I’resident Vincent
D’I.eary. I'hat docrrrnctit will follow
wltat Chemistry Chair Anthony
Srrturno called “a wry optimistic
oral report" by otttsidc evaluators,

Favorable Report

"My impression of the con-
sultant's oral report is the same as
the others. that it was very op-
tiriiistic.“ said Dean of Sciences and
Mathematics Vincent Cowling.

” I Iic_\ cicn said the Phi) program as
it stood before the termination was
entirely adequate for [RC directing of
thesis work by gradrratc students."

“However. they did not address
the problem of the number of
students in the program. which was
the Slil)‘s focus ofattctition." Cowl-
ing said.

lfre I’liD program in chemistry
uas terminated iii the fall of I977
followinng “not favorable" review of
the program by the State [Education
Deprrrtriicut (SIiD). llic three
evaluators were brought in to aid the

 

clittrcli.
He took the name John ’aul,t

Rome and the lirrst bloc.
White smoke. the traditional si

months to select a pontiff. made t

I’Iic new pope. horn iii Wudowi

of several Vatican congregati

Ile studied philosophy and thcol
after his ordination went to Roriict

I948.

After his return to Poland. wliicl
communist government. he worked
assistant in his arclidioccs of Krak

university.

In an interview to Itriliari lCIL‘ViSIt

duty and our mission.“
fire last non-Italian pontiff was I

 

LII) 1522-24.

a

\s

SUNYA Dlroctor ol Athletch Robert Ford Iald sports are educatlonal

and tho atoto should pay for

Wow Non-Italian Pope
Chosen By CardinaLs

VATICAN CITY (AI’) I’he cardinals oftlic Roman Catholic Church
today elected 58-year-old I’olisli Cardinal Karol Wojtyla as pope. the
first non—Italian in 455 years to lead the ancient. 70f) niillioii-nieiiibcr

Wojtylrr. little-known arch-bishop of Krakow. is the 2(r3rd successor
to the 'I'liroric of St. Peter. The election ofa prclrttc from a communist
nation will doubtlesst have vast repercussions on relations between

billowed into the night from the Sistine Chapel at 6: IS p.ni.. EDT. “It
is official. the pope is elected." the Vatican radio said.
I'hc III cardinal—electors. meeting for the second time iii two

voting in their secret Sistine Chapel Conclave. It came on what was
apparently the seventh or eighth brillot.

elevated to cardinal by Pope Paul VI eleven yertrs ago and isa member
Workshop. Clergy and Catholic Education.

lie was born the son of a chemical factory worker. and has a good
working relationship with the communist government of Poland.

Artgclictirii College. where be armed a doctorate in philosophy iii

At the same time. he acted as student coriiiselor Ill the local

“We try to be always close to the people. We share their worries. This
creates confidence and it is the indispensable condition to fulfill our

lie same as his predcseccor.

gnal that a new pontiff is chosen.

heir decision in the sectian day of

ce. Poland. on May Ill. 1920. was.

cm W Sacraments rind Divine

ogy at the seminary in Krakow and
0 take courses in philosophyrit the

i coincided with the rise ol'tlic new
rtriderseverc restrictions as parish
ow.

iii just before the couclavc. Iic said.

)utchman Adrian VI. who reigned

 

   
 

them. (Photo: Mtko Farrell)

department in its efforts to reinstate
a doctoral program. I'ltey have
pr'cscntcd an oral report to O‘I.eary.
and are now preparing the written
work.

()‘I.cary would not say whether
the evaluators had actually felt the
I’liD program was adequate for the
direction oftliesis work.“ I'hat‘s only
speculation. l Irate to cliaractcri/c
anything before | see the written
report." he said.

Ilic outside evaluators. chosen by
the depart meat from a roster provid-
cd by the American Chemical Socie-
l}. cariic It) SllNl A on Sept. 7. and
spent trio days studying the
Chemistry dcparlnicnt and its
facilities. Satiir'iio said.

Cowling is liopiirg that the written
report is as optimistic as the oral one
was. “llut on occasion a written ex-
pression comes through sounding
riirrcli different than what was said."
Ire cotiiriiciitcd.

Should the report indeed be
favorable to the reinstatement of a
Chemistry I’liD program. work will
immediately . irl on making it a
reality according to Cowling. ()nc
possibl‘ avciirrc towards that goal
would be to present the new report.
along with the Slil) l‘t. icw that led
to the program‘s termination. to the
Doctoral Council.

IIie Doctoral Council. Cowling
said. is made tip of representatives
Ironi the Slit) and graduritc school
deriris from private and public
schools iii the strife. “We could pre-

sent the documents to the Doctoral
Council. and ask for a three year
period to do whatever the report will
recommend. If they approve it. we
could be brick in the Phi) business in
a short time. hopefully by next
semester.“ said Cowling.

Cowling added that

  

 

5: -:
,r were: ‘5“ -»

   

State Unlverslty of New York at Albany

  

_.w:w '

V. -,l.,

October 17, 1978

The evaluatorl‘ oral report about the chemlatry PhD was opttmfstlc,
according to Department Chalr Saturno. (Photo: Stove Kuplerberg)

methods could be used to gain ap-
proial for a new program. “depen-
drug on what the president has in
mind."

Ilic tlircc outside evaluators were
l’rolcssor (.‘Iicvcs Walling. editor of
the Journal of the American
Chemical Society; Dr. William
Sliclttcr front the fluff Laboratories
in Murray Hill. New .lcrseyzand Dr.
I licodorc llrown Il’ttllt Illinois State
llimcrsity.

Information I'resented

According to Saturrio. the depart-
ment presented tfrc evaluators witli
information concerning the ac-
corirpfishmcrils and ongoing projects
of their riiemebers. I be three met as

\rch with ()‘I.ciiry. Cowling. and
other SUNYA administrators dur-
ing their two day stay.Saturriosaid.

llicrc has been some delay in the
publishing of the written. report

"(INT ’ because "two of the three people are

lll \ariotts foreign areas around the
\\orld." Cowling said. flat cven
IIiouglilieirdiuitstobciugrinxrousto
see it. Cowling is more concerned
that the report be through.

"It must be a solid. sound docu-
Iilcltl. We want it tocomc through as
a wry intensive study. so the unit
should be worth it if it means more
llttlt.‘ is spent preparing it.

“Ilut for practical purposes. we'll
hate it when we hate it.“ Cowling
srird.

Vice President for Academic Al-
lairs Drivid Martin feels that the
written report should be generally
farorable. ivfrilc ()‘l.cary would only
say that lie is "hopeful for a liclpfitf
report.“

"I he evaluators had sortie positive
things to say about Cheiiirstry. and
they were very professional people. I
think they wrll pr'oic to be helpful."
(Henry said.

State Unlikely To Fund Sports

by Merle Cortbsoz
New York State Is not likely to

trike over the funding of SUNY iii-
tcrcollcgiafe athletics. according to

I-xecutivc Director of a Strife
Asscriibly Iask force on Sports and
Physical I‘itricss Jon Anderson.

the task force will iiot be making

arty recoriimciidatiniis to the Assent-
blc until December. 'I‘herc is a
possibility that a recoiiinicudrition
"may be made rrt that time for the
sllllc to absorb the funding.“
Ilowcvcr. Anderson said that with
the general rttritosplicre of cutting
back it would be hard to find the ex—
tr'a money. which waorild rtriioriiit to
approximately about two million
dollars. Anderson felt that Speaker
of the Assertiny Stanley Steingut
would go along with the suggestions
of the task force ltc had set tip.

Currently. SUNY athletics rtre
funildd by st rtdctit tax riiouey. Alter-
natives other than State funding are
bcitig considered by the Iusk Force.
The group is studying whether ‘ n‘ not
athletes are suffering under the prc~
scnt situation. and if it would bw
feasible to iiicr use the ceiling onstu—
dcnl taxes. At SlINYA. $150.000is

spent by SA on sports. Accordingto
SA Coniptroilcr Debbie Ruskin that
is $lo out of the $70 tax.

(‘oninilttee
Ruskin. along with SA Vice
President I~red Ili'cwiiigtoii. chairs a
Student Association oftlie State Utt-
ivcrsity (SASU) committee on inter-

eollegrrtte sports. This committee is
working independently on
researching the althletic furtdirig
problems. 'I’Iiey are currently
waiting for input from all the SUNY
units. Bi‘cwiiigton believes "with
proper planning there is a good
chance ofconviricing the state to ab~
sor'b tfic funding."

Ilowever. if 1 his fails and the Stu—
dent tas is not raised. there will con-
tirrric to be funding problems.
Raskiri. and. and Iircwiugtou agree
that currently the majority of
st rideuts do not want the tax rriiscd.

I be tax was raised for Son to the $70
ceiling last year. Ilrcwiugtou said
that hopefully there will be no more
learn critting brit added that it would
be iriiptrssible to guarantee. 'I'lic golf
team was reccritlycut becritisc offun-
ding problems. According to
SUN YA Director- of Athletics
Robert Ford. other teams Iirivc been
cut iii the recent past. .I.V. tcnnisaiid
track and the sailing cltib lirtvc been
clrninatcd irriioiig others. firm is
currently no award striictitrc for the
first time. an ridriiissioii charge of 50
cents is being levied at Football rind
basketball games. The two tcatiis
must raise $5.000 to fill the deficit iii

tltc athletic budget.

Ford feels that “athletics iit this
school is an educational experience
and should be priid for by the state."
State funding would bring “con-
tinuity arid stability“ to SUNYA
athletics.

llic assembly task force is also

considering the possibility of
expanding the SUNY sports
program by giving sports

scholarships. Most of SUNYA‘S
tennis compete in Division III. “()ui
Icarus Iiavc played Division I teams
and hear them .but] we are not
capable of doing this e\cry neck.“
said I‘ord. All Division lscliools give
out scholarships. which SUNY is not
allowed to do,

If there was an expansion of
spectator sports. the ticket sales
would help other sports. according
to Anderson. Division I teririis
r'c 'cive better publicity which helps
attract bcttcr athletes and bigger
audiences. Ilowcvcrrit this time. said
Raskiu. “the ticket revenue would
irot be nearly enough to fund the
sports.“

 

INDEX
Classlflod.

    

 

Chancellor's Gonoroefty
I” page a

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

