    
 
 
 

 
 
  
 
   
  
   
     
   
  
  
  
  
 
 

.
i‘
l
)

 

 

  
   
   

 

guest opinions ,

w a _   "353'95

7’hy3ruee‘Cronin ~' -

A common scenario at SUN YA goes student mtghtlnot be able to finda job
something like this: a student puts in . in the uncertain job market or that the

an application for" TAP. EOP. 81300.
or a loan in April. When he/ she goes to
pay his/ her bill in late August. a] he is
informed that his/her check hasn‘t
come ' in yet. 'The burs‘ar grants a
temporary waver.

When by October the check still has
not come in. the student tries to call the
Higher Education Services
Corporation (HESC) office to find out
why. After finally getting through to
the office (after a four hour wait) s/he
can‘t find anyone who has the
necessary information. The SUNYA
financial aids office has no
information. Student Accounts has no
information. When it is time to pre-
register. the student is informed that a
hold has been placed on his] her
registration until s/he pays his/her
bill. The student now has the option of

taking out a loan ( if sl he can get one).
getting the money some other. or
dropping out of school.

These are only a few of the problems
students have with financial aid. The
financial aid bureaucracy is totally
inefficient. causing students to
receive their awards late. resulting in
the above mentioned hassles. The
offices administering aid on the state
level are unresponsive to students.
resulting in inaccurate information,
inability for students to get hold of aid
officials. inability for students to get
any information at all. and retalitory
aid out offs. Some students receive
checks with insufficientamounts whil
others are totally denied needed aid. In
the case of TAP. students
automatically get their awards
decreased by 3100 upon reaching their
Junior year. and in the case of EOP.
stipends have been continually cut
substantially and not supplimented
by other forms of aid. Those on E0?
automatically assumed to make $700
over the summer. that amount which
IS subtracted from their award. Not

even considered is the fact that the

student needed his/her summer
earnings to payvfor rent. food. and
other summer expenses.

Like many instances when students
are made to suffer for the
inefficiencies of administrators.
students blame themselves for the
problems they encounter. in an effort
to place the blame where it rightfully
belongs. and demand the necessary
changes. the soon to be Albany
Student Union is tentatively planning
to open financial aid hearings on
April 20th to deal with these problems.

On the “hot seat" will be Eileen
Dickenson. president of HESC (the
agency responsible for distributing
financial aid). Donald Whitlock.
director of financial aid at SUNYA.
and local legislators.

At these hearings. testimony will be
presented. research that was
conducted on the inefficiency of the
financial aid system will be delivered.
and a questioning of the financial aid
officials will take place.

. The purpose is. first. that the
inadequacies and inefficiencies of
financial aid be exposed. and second.
that financial aid officials publically
be called to account for these
problems. The hearings are only the
first step in a campaign by Albany
Student Union to bring about
necessary and long overdue changes
in the financial aid systen. Students
will be asked to fill out surveys on the
problems they have faced as a result of
financial aid incompetence. Everyone
is urged to take the few minutes to
take part in the first step of this
campaign by filling out these surveys.
Together. students receiving TAP

EOP. BEOG. work-study. loans. and
those who have been denied any aid
when they needed it. we can force the
financial aid bureaucracy to meet our
needs so that middle and low income
students can continue to attend
college.

 

 

  

 

llJ l7
Instr
1H6 -/
int/from.

 

 

 

racist
roar

To the Editor:

it's a shame that an intelligent letter

(“racism as usual" ASP March 31) can
be ruined by opening paragraphs
which undermine the credibility of the
authors.
The unbelievable view that the
placement of a crime story on page
one is an example of institutional
racism wouldcertainly lead the reader
to question the author‘s scruples.

Understandably. major stories (i.e.
crime) concerning the student body
would appear on page one. The fact
that the crime was allegedly
committed by a black person. I am
sure had nothing to do with its
position in the paper. A little thought
would answer the author's accusation
concerning the racial features of the
police drawing —— the police would like
to catch the suspect.

Hopefully everyone will bring
themselves back to reality. and not
scream "racism as usual“ every
chance they get.

Name withheld

smoking
ban

To the Editor:

Many people questioned our tactics.
They disliked our threatening tone.
But Machiavelli would be proud.

LUNG has gotten what itasked for: a
resolution from University Senate
proclaiming a cease fire — smoking is
now "banned" in classrooms on
campus. President O'Leary has signed
the bill. and it will be enacted as soon
as some people call him up and
suggest how to implement the damn
thing. So. if you have a solution. call
him at 7-4545.

Of more importance is a bill before
the State Legislature. Sponsored by
Assemblyman Grannis. bill A-8565
would prohibit smoking in many

 

FEIFFER

Creas. amongst them classes. if this

bill passes when it comes up form; t
in a few weeks. someone who smell: 9
in class would no longer :5
accountable to the non-curina
jellyfish here at SUNYA. but to thg
police. They would be fined. e

Whether you are Machiavellian ci- a
more rational creature. if within you
body you know there to be one or more
LUNGS, write to your assemblyman
 senator to urge his approval of the

l .

LUNG

acﬁon
speaks

To the Editor:

1 would like to take this opportunity
to commend those membch of the
University's JSC-llillcl who were
instrumental in organizing the March
15th demonstration ill the State
Capitol against world-wide terrorism

The entire demonstninon winch
lasted for approximately iortyiire
minutes. was very well orgiiiiizt-dznid
wentextremely smoothly It was quite

a solemn affair. there was no (hunting
or phystcal violence. only some short
speeches and a prayer for those that

were the victims of thc l’.l..U. terrorist
attack earlier in the week.

Although inclement us-nther
threatened and many Hllldt'lllh ('llllld
not attend because of llllpt‘illilllg
midterm exams. therc wort- illllilll75
attendants and the pl'ot'ccdlngs
received ftill press covoriigtn The
demonstration and iii-conipitnyiiig
memorial proceedings \\t‘l'l' ll
brilliant success.

Here was another lllh'lilllt‘l.‘ ol the
example that things Citll got done if
you just go out and do them Spucml
congratulations and ltppl'lrmilllon
deserve to be extended towurd .lSC-
Hillel President Lisa Wesley, and
Officers Mark Disick and Michael
Fox. JSC-Hillel Graduatc llll't‘iIlDl‘
Ellen Deautsch is also (lcstei‘vmg of
much praise for her oi'lorts illld
involvement.

These people are all doors lllld
action speaks louder than WUl'fl-‘i

Michtiol l‘l‘ill'llllilll

 

 

 

 

0e! Mungm/m‘

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

. W.xW}ZWWAUJJwLWA;~:4w,i|m “

  
 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

torch
night

To the Editor:

This letter concerns the upcoming
Torch Night Ceremony. It is directed
mainly to those who attended last
year's ceremony for the first time. and
those who will be planning this year‘s
ceremony. I would like to tell you that
in the past (last year excluded). the
Torch Night Cermony has been
impressive and beautiful. Last year
though. those who planned that night
must have lived in the Albany area for
less titan a week. They were unaware
of Albany‘s infamous unpredictable
weather.

Picture this: The lobby in front of the
Computer Center filled with wall-to-
wali people. at least a fourth of
them holding lit candles and wearing
acetate gowns. ifthere was one thingi
was taught while attending SUNYA. it
was survival (actually. I didn't want to
t-nd up looking like a large candy bar
mapped in black cellophane). That
was last year‘s ceremony. Fortunately
and surprisingly. no one was burned.

in the other three years i iittcndcd
Torch Night. it Wits meaningful to
graduates. parents. and friends.
Hopefully. 'l‘orcli Night '78 Will be the
same.

Those who attended last year‘s
ceremony and don't plan on doing so
this year: Be optimistic. Hopefully.
the planners will have more sense and
foresight to plan for inclement
weather.

Those who are planning this year‘s
ceremony: Please. do not take away
one tradition at SUNYA which is
meaningful to friends. families. and
most of all the graduates. Learn froin
last year. and don't place lives of
people in jeopardy. as was done last
year. Thank you.

Margie Leahy Hopkins

photo
discrimination

To the Editor:

1 must take strong exception to
certain remarks directed against
University Photo Service in last
Week's "Guest Opinions". written by
Hon Simmons and Howard Sti'tikcr.

As a member of Photo Service for
the past four years. 1 can truthfully
say that l have iieVer been aware of it
discriminatory or racist attitude on
the part of this organization. Photo
Service has almost always had
minority members on its staff —— in
fact. minority students have run Photo
Service several times in the past few
years. Granted. many of these
minority members have not been
black. However. my point is that we
certainly have not purposely or
maliciously excluded minorities. The
fact of the matter is (and this was
completely overlooked in their
column) that we have not received any
applications from black
Photographers in the past four years.
as far as I know. Photo Service is
"exclusively white" this year only
because there was no interest on the
part of black students to join. To
suggest that this lack of black and
Third World representation is due to
anything other than this fact is
irresponsible and false.

Photo Service attempts to provide
Photographic coverage for the entire
Univerlsit Community and there is
not question that this coverage
occasionally falls short of some
groups expectations. if there is

 
 

legitimate concern on the part of the
Third World community here at
SUNYA that we are not providing
coverage of their events etc.. i would
certainly welcome suggestions as to
the improvement of this situation.
Further. I would strongly encourage
Third World students with interest and
experience in photography to apply to
Photo Service. 1 can assure you that
now. as well as in the past and future.
these applicants will be considered in
a non-prejudicial and objective

fashion.
Mark Sass. Chief Photographer
University Photo Service

awareness
campaign
To the Editor:
When snow falls on SUNYA‘s
campus. it looks sterile. cold.
impenetrable. stifling. and

inapproiichttble. Oddly enough. these
adjectives are used even when it's not
snowing. The words are used not only
in talk about the campus. but in talk
about the University and about beinga
student here.

When SUNYA is not actively
condemned. it is passively ignored.
chithci'bitchaboutitsl'iiilingsorare
indifferent and apathetic. We talk
about the city; we talk about the
school; we talk abouteach other. if we
don‘t give a damn aboutSUNYA. why
do we exhaust so much energy in
talking about it‘?

Sttidciit Association and Central
Council consider the problem to be
indifference born of ignorance.
Unattended meetings and unmarked
ballots are symptomatic of a large
scale communication lapse within the
Univchity community. in an effort to
ameliorate this problem. SA has
formed a group of students to
publicize its programs and policies.
Central Council has made its
contribution in the form of a Human
Awareness campaign.

it is vital that we give credit to the
advances made by both groups;
however. the instituted programs
cannot exist in it vacuum. The efforts
seem incomplete. What is missing is a
sense of contmunity. a sense that
SUNYA is more titan a place to take
courses. it sense that as students. we
are pitrt of ti community shared with
the faculty and administration. that
the community is ours in its much as it
is theirs.

SA and Central Council are working
diligently to improve our community.

Exposure to their activities increases
the likelihood that we. as students.
will feel tied together by a common
spirit. if we believe in ourselves and
our government. we can expect that
idle talk will be transformed into
energized action.

Albany can be a place where
orchestras. ballet companies. mime
teams. comedians. and rock groups
come to perform for us. where public
figures come to speak to us. where
athletic events are held for us. where
the faculty and administration
collaborate with us through our
government. if we can see these
avenues for growth. we must seize
them. if we commit ourselves to our

community. perhaps we can develop ll.

new vocabulary from which we may

draw when we talk of the State

University of New York at Albany.

Donna Confortl

 

Letters to the editor should be
sent to the ASP in 00829.

 

 

Promises, Promises _ .
It has received. more wide-spread opposition :from.
students than any other issue in the BUNY system this year.

It has prompted sit-ins. boycotts. demonstrations. and

speeches of outrage for its removal. It is the bogus "student

health fee" and amazingly. at this point in time. it remains

in the proposed budget for next year.

Simply put. the student health fee is a lie. It does not go to

improved student health services. It is a front for an

increase in tuition. A lie. _

Members of the New York State Legislature assured

student leaders that the health fee would be stricken from

the budget proposal. However. when they passed the State

budget on Friday. the health fee remained. Instead of the

necessary action that was promised, students were given.

as SASU Legislative Director David Coyne put it, a stab in
the back.

The justification on the part of the Legislature for the
retention of the fee is ludicrous. Students were told that the
health fee was retained because there wasn’t enough
money in the budget for both the repeal of the fee and the
favorable Tuition Assistance Program package that was
adopted. By linking the two. the Legislature is playing
politics with students.

The health fee and the increase of TAP aid are two
separate issues. One involves the repeal of something that
is openly shafting students and should have never been
included in the budget. while the other involves additional
aid to students in response to a climbing inflation rate. The
health fee should be repealed. Students should get increased
TAP aid. And one should not come at the expense of the
other.

While almost everybody agrees that the health fee is a
sham and should be knocked out of the budget, it hasn’t
happened yet. The earlier promises made by politicians
have not provided any results. Now they are promising that
the fee will be repealed in the supplemental budget, or
maybe even before that. The fact remains that the fee should
have never survived this far. The Legislature should put its
money where its mouth is and stop this rip-off of student.
money. And they should do this before SUNY students are
forced to organize the second annual boycott of the student

health fee.

 

 

Thoma MAI'IIIJJ). Minn-In-(‘lilrf
JUNAIIIAN Months. Managing Editor

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..MAT‘I'IIEW Cox
. ,.. . JILL "Alli-.R. AiioN SMiiti
.. ....(l. I’Aﬁl‘AI. ZM‘IIANY. DENle StillElelt
Ennis EMi-ztoim

Nrws I.I)l'|0|t .

Assot'int vows innoas
Marco. . . . . . . . , .
Svoa‘rs [lil'ﬂlll . . . . . .

Assoctnr hPfll . .onoit . .. .
Eoiiottut. PAGES mimic . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . , . . . . . . , .
burr WIlTIJIli: Steve liinckeu. Mike l‘llt'll. Kcn Kurtl. Danisc Lenc'i. MJ. Mcmmoll. Jerry
‘r cl. Mike l’curlmun. J. M. Reilly. l'ttul Schwartz. Stu Vincent AP MANAGERS:
Ellen Mtirstlcn. Jesse Schcrcr mom Ntws: Laurie (iluscr rarvuw not: Hclcnc ’l'iinnor NEWS

listnnm: Luuni Schriiub MillGlJl: Sandy Robinson
SPINC! “Milllo. but: .i' Czar

. . . . . . . . . . . . . , . .. BRIAN CMIILL
. . . . . . . . . . . .WAL'I'ER 'fitoiiMAN
. . . , . . .. . .Cuoi. COTllSj. Dranv YELtN
. . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .._ELLsN FINE

 

         

JON LAFAYETTE

 

Z
x
G
a
c.
a
a
=
'5
P

 

 
  
 
 

    
    

onrnisino MANAGII
Busmus Maroon
3“.me Dnumr
PAVIOLL MANMilI
sun PEISONNEL: Mike Aidan. Richie Mermclstcin (fLASSlFIlD ADVII‘I’ISING: Dayid Phillipt.
Steve Miincr communion: Pitt McGIynn, Amy Sour: ADVCOMIOSI'I’IO'M liens Firmat. Evan
Fortinsky. Kelly Kila. Debby Kopf.. Lll Kwatntk. Stephanie Sherman
Juan: J". Production Manager
MICHAEL (:tmos. Aﬂll‘lalll Prudurii‘un Manager
. , . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . ...Iouv WILNER
RIL‘Kh'lER BLUM

 

 

"no ’l‘vrisr . . . . . . , . . .
Curitic (.‘ooitomli'iol . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . , ..
VEITK'AI. CAMERA . . . . . . . . . , . , . , , . . . . . . . . . . . . . DAVI: KArLcw. JEFF LEVITAN
ruin-or: Lorraine l)il’crro. Rich l'ltlllll. Jamie Rollimun. Laurie Sludwcll. Lisa Wesley
fVI'ISIS: Mink llalthiuiird. Cliiru Kueblci. Ltiune leaks. Loraine l.lh€f\0r¢..Dt}nl§c Minion“
Dtunt: Morrison. Diunii Oruci. Anty Phillips. Adclii Stclur. Bcv lobiii
ESTABLISHED I916
The Albany Slut/WI! Print is [million-d i-wry ’Iiwduy and Finlay during/lie .irhaol year by me
Albany Sflult’lll has: (‘ur/mruilun. an lnilt-pt'mlenl mn-far-puyli orgunlzailun.’Editorial
pnli‘ry is delmni‘ncd l: y Ilul Eilllur-in-C'ln‘q; and i‘: sub/m to rat' w by Ike Edllorial Board.
Muillng ark/Iris: Albany Snulc'n/ I’It‘l‘l’. (C 129. I400 Wilmington Ava. Albany. NY 12222

  
   

 

 

AleNY swim puss couponmou'
Bonn or DIIIZC10II
STEI'iiEN DZINANKA'Sl’l-INCE kuioioinmtml‘mmrs

 

 

J

 

 

 

   
  
  
    

      
     
      
         
         
          
     

  
  
  
  
 
   
 
    
    
     
  
  
 
  

   
  
  
 
  
   
  
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

I’t

  
  

