{nix-tilt;“mutton J, ‘

.....,4..,-- e. .

._ .p .
:m.;.- he. .u. c.4— Sew —..—4......>..»-

' rock 8: roll in the capital
- distr' t '

RAZOR , t. 13-16
KASMIR m t 'l

.r the
UNZ oct. 10-14
Specials Galore
Weds.- bar-stirred drinks 50"
THURS.~ all bottled beer 509
Molson’s, Lowenbrau. Michelob,
Miller. Schlitz Schlitz Lite)
l-ri.- Happy ursB'til 10
25. Morrrson Ave., .Troy
IO MINUTES FROM ALBANY
TAK TROY EAST OFF 787 RIGHT AT r'ilJST LIGHT
(BEHIND THE iLIUM APTS..

Speedreading Classes
Now Forming

‘ The SUNY College of General Studies
is now offering the National Course of
the American Reading Academy.

, rl*illllr,‘rl.”
with»: lam r w mm, .r'.r,.CIasses.AvaiI.able  ,

Mon-Thurs. Evenings Wed, Sat. Mornings
Contact American Reading Academy
458-7680

.r.‘

portsho_es-}State

@é Muslim

See our Running ad
on page 18

See our Tennis ad 0
page 22

Right on the Busline
on Western
Behing Dunkin Donuts . 438-6066

Ave.

ﬂaming
Jennie
-Bultotbail . ad on page 20
Jumpsuit."~
QSoeeor

-and more
to come

' on page 18

Saturday: 10-6

‘ See our Racquetball

See our Running ad

Monday-Friday: 12-8

 

 

 

 

 

riffltl')'lu‘tiit|') rtrJ-nlt lrr ‘tl’tllv in. -.r t. m. in... Iii:  t.t .-.

 

' ‘Mtis'ie Council Presenter
Marian McPartland

Famous Jazz Pianist

October 6 Page Hall

,Tickets on sale in P. A. C. Box Office

457-8606

$3.50 General Admission

$3.00 General Students & Senior Citizens
$2.00 Students with Tax card

funded by student association

f DAVID nrvr

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The'only thing'that couldtollow .“Murder” is “Death.”

First, A‘GATHA CHRISTIE’S
“MURDER ON THE ORIENT EXPRESS",
Now.“DEATH ON THE NILE.” .

Front the creators of

"Mrrrrler 0n the Urrerrt Express"

rrqrrrnrr CHKISTIE'S

benrnsrnrtr:

* PARAMOUNT PICTURES PRESENTS AN Ettl FILI‘I PRESENTATION

A JOliN DKA

'PETEK rr'snrrov JANE

KNE AND RICHARD GOODWIN PRODUCTION
A JOI’IN GUILLERI‘IIN FILH ’
DIKKIN LOIS CI‘IILES DETTE DAVIS I‘lIA FAKKOW

JON FINCIl OLIGIAI‘NSSEI’ GEORGE KENNEDY

ANGELA LANSDGKT SIMON I'lAC COKKINDALE
N I'lAGGIE SI‘IITN JACK WARDEN IN AGATNA CHRIS
"DEATH ON THE NILE" .

DREW/31.5. JONAK , nest; convoSEb‘ Di rrrrrdrrom
, . scrrtnrmrbirrrrrnorrrsnnrrrk "
- VROINCED BY JOHN ortrrbourtrrr arm RICHARD oooowrrr
DIRECTED or JOHN GUILLERHIN KEAMHE‘DnNTrtrtDooK .

NtttthIy Mali
COLON”: 4.! H4100

FRIDAY

STARTS

lhlltown Road
SCHENECIHDY 170-1920

.Tres,

 

 

 

 

 

comment- .

‘ a.‘ , 

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘ . caches of all sports. Apparently.the'se people
' elt that to. support the golf program would be
; o spend the money wisely. ‘
Lastly. Paul pointed out that his decisionto
_‘ eto was a difficult one since it dealt with
tudents who had deep personal interests in
the program. lam certain that this statements
' as an expression of his true feelings and l
ppreciate the sincerity with which it was
,3 adc. The members of the team. and myself.
‘were naturally very disappointed by the
decision. Had l taken“no" foran answerin the
pring of 78. these students would not have
made the commitment they did. So the
responsibility is partially mine. i did so
because i was prepared to raise the necessary
money for support of the program via a Golf
riAlumni fund drive. I held off when it became
probable that the 77-78 budgetary savings
vywould be realized.
. In regard to the meeting of September 20. I
«K have only one regret and that is that no
member of Central Council made a motionto
 override the veto. This. despite the fact that
' some members of the golf team and myself had
been assured, that the motion would be made.
‘I think the team members would have felt a
great deal better if the motion was made. tr
discussion followed. and a vote »—- even if not
favorable ~ was taken. The final result. as it
came out. did not seem to be the result of an
“enlightened” democratic process.
As a ﬁnal note. I hope that tht
administration and trustees of SUNY and
SUNYA will become more aware of these
funding problems and prod the legislature to
- provide a realistic subsidy from State monies
for athletics. The current system ofstudent trrx
support for SUNY Athletic programs is
archaic and needs correction. The "system" is
wrong - not the students who hopefully in
good conscience must guide the “system”.
Sincerely.
Dick Sauers

3.
’5;

Telethon Proceeds

To the Editor:

ltt order to clrtrify the SUNYA news brief of

Sept. 22 written by Steve ()ster. we would like
to explain the Telethon '79 search procedure
used to seek a recipient orgtrnirrttion for the
'l‘clcthon funds.

During the summer months the search
committee sent out it letter dated .lttrtc 27 to
twenty—live agencies listed in the Four Cottrrty
i'itlntttll Services l,)ircctory. The criteria set
lol'tlt in this letter was as follows: l)mttst be a
non-profit organization dealing with childrctt
of tccn years or younger. I) must deal with
children of mental. physical. ctrtotiortni. or
social dcprivtttiorrs. A) must provide for us rt
corttpletc. rrccttrrrtc rtnd ttp-ttHlntc account of
the budget. clcnrly stating where funding is
Icccivcd from and how it isdispcrscd. 4) must
provide lot us It detailed description of the

‘ services offered and the types of handicaps

_, bcmg dcrrlt with by yotrr or'gzrnilntion.“ The

letter also explained the importance ol
"cooperation among startl’. parents. and

 students as It necessary component irt the
1 combined effort to produce rt successful

_ l'elcthon.“ 'l'hese agencies were requested to
respond no later tltttrt Aug. 1.

1 Immediate responses were received from

l’trr'son‘s Child ltllti l-rrmily Center. The

Wildwood School in Schenectady. l’nrklttrrst

ii Children's Shelter. St. Anne Institute.

‘ Retarded Children ot Albany. and Retarded
Children of Renssclrrcr. The inner two
agencies ittfornrcd us that for various reasons
‘ they were irtcligiblc to receive l’cletlton's
. support.

As pttrt of otrr follow-up procedure we
attempted to contact the other ugcncrcs by
phone. witlt the overall response hcin I. “S one
agency director regrettath phrased it. "Tilt:
correspondence got lost rrr the summer
shuffle." liy this time, we were well beyond the
'tlcrttllittc for accepting applications. and
unfortunately. these rrgerrcies could not be
considered.

Our search committee then proceeded to
Visit those agencies remaining under
consideration to gttitr tr lust httnd insight ittto
their progrtuns. facilities. and the children

they were dealing with. At the last minute.
Parson's Child and Family Center withdrew‘
their application due to complications
concerning their fund-raising capabilities and
their relationship with the United Way.
After discussing the agencies. giving careful
consideration to existing programs and future
programs that might be realized due to
Tclethon‘s support. the staff of Telethon ‘79
voted by an overwhelming majority to choose
the Wildwood School for Developmentally
Handicapped Children as the recipient ofthis
year's efforts.
Barbara Nasta
Michael Faber
Co-Chtrirpcoplc 'l'elethon '79

Podium Sculptures

To the Editor:

In response to Mr. Peter Hogan's lcttcr
(ASP. 'l‘ucsdrry 9/ l9) as regards his wonderi ng
whether arty thought was given to the
members of the University Community who
trrc unsighted (when the present David Hayes
outdoor sculpture exhibition was placed on
the academic podium). Why wonder'l A
simple visit to the Office of Student Life.
where most of his unsighted fellow students
have been. would enlighten him to the fact that
the University Art (iallery had already clettred
this exhibition. and itstu‘arr placement oftlte
pieces. with Sabina Vermcttlen.

We are happy to lcarrt of Mr. Hogan‘s
concern for his fellow unsighted students. We
share that deep concern rrnd.jointly. with the
Office of Strident Life, we hrrve an exhibition
opening on Friday in the gallery entitled “1
Am Not Blind." It is an environmental
exhibition about ttnsightcd persons. We hope
Mr. llognn will join his other concerned
fellow students irt experiencing this
exhibition.

lncidently. the appalling luck of regard for
others of which Mr. Hogan speaks. is very
evident today as we look ottt the gallery
window at the seven pieces of sculpture which
were overturned lust cvettirtg. rcprescntingthc
real danger to fellow students.

Mrrt'ijo l‘nsrrlo. Asst. Director
linrversity Art (ltrllcry

ls Race Relevant?

To the Editor:

We wish to crrll yotrr attention to at front
page article published irt tltc September I‘).
l‘)7h' tsstrc. written by Steve ()slct‘ entitled
I’u/r’r'r‘ .-Irr'r',rr .iIrrIr lltltrrrplr'rrg (it/i'lr'rr'rr irr
which llubcrt Dickey. it former strident rrt
SUNYA was returned front the itttiiltlt Qurrd
crrlctcrirr. In this article Mr. lirckcywrts clcutly
clrtssrlicd it\ it rncnthcr ol n prrrticrrlrn rzrcc.

tint question is — was the person's rrrcc
rclcurrrt to the article illiti rt it was. then uhy
wasn't the llIL‘L' of littilllllS |.rrtco specified in
your arrticlc on the smite titrtc. This article
entitled .ilolrrrrv/t 'I'orvr'r Stir/it'd .-lrrr'.\tr'rl. by
Pat l"r'rrttconlrrno. claims tlrrtt Lineo allegedly
threw various objects from the building out oi
the twenly~itrst floor wittdow of the tower.

In the crrsc of Mr. Dickey. yotr specified his
rrtcc while you failed to trotc the respective
rrrccs ol tltc two men who were allegedly
iil\'0i\’cti itt two sexual assaults on women.

It .-tlI nrcrr rll'r' t‘l‘t'rllt'i/ corral. tltcu wiry must
the University Police specify the color and
cr ccd oftrrt rtllcgcd crintirtnl‘.’ Does color instify
rr ct rrrtc‘? What is the criteria used by the .-i.\'I’
lot it trotrt page rtrtrcle‘.’ What are the major
diltctertccs between the case of Mr. Dickey
and the case of Mr. Lint-o? llotltcnscs occnrcd
on lrrdirrrr Quad ~ wiry weren't both printed on
the from prrge'.’

We would like to poirtt otrt that this is not
the first time that race has been rt rnrrjorfnctot
In your articles and we feel you owe us trn
cxplrrrtrrtion. We also sincerely Itopc that
enough toorl tor thought lltlS bccrt gcrtcrrrtcd
by this letter.

Vitrnn Castro
.ltrrrtcs Mosley

 

Golf Team’s Last Round ‘ ,
it had been on campus almost as long as most SUN A have
been on earth. it brought this school its ﬁrst team'to berepresented in
the NCAA’s. it also added diversity to Student AssOciation’s lineup of
activities for studentsvand helped round out an athletic program here.

But now, brcause of budgetary and political considerations. the
SUNYA golf team is a thing ofthe past, and another tradition has bitten
the dust.

SA President Paul Feldman‘s decision to veto fundingforthe team is
a regrettable one indeed. His reasoning was purely budgetary: the golf
tea m cost too much money per team member. In essence, the budget was
all of $906, which is a drop in the bucket for SA these days.

However. Feldman‘s action, and the non-action by some obviously
intimidated Central Council members who let the veto go through
unscathed. certainly shafted the golf team. which had to disband after
one match this season.

The cutting of the golf team brings up two basic issues. both
concerning SA. The ﬁrst is the focus of SA. The trend ofthe past years
has been to go big business atthe expense ofthe smaller clubs. Numbers
became important, mass programming became paramount.

The golf team could be funded with about one-ﬁfteenth of what it cost
SA to move two floors downstairs into their executive suite. The
printing cost ofabout two issues ofthe slew of SA run newspapers would
keep the golf team in clubs for quite a few years.

The other factor has to do with SA. but the blame can‘t be pointed in
that direction. SA hit the $70 ceiling for the student tax last year.
Funding intercollegiate athletics exclusively through the tax has caused
exactly what happened to the golfteam to happen to many other sports
in many other SU NY schools. SUNY doesn‘t want to fund athletics.

However, athletics provide something very special to a campus.

On Saturday, a crowd of over 4000 cheered the football Danes on to
victory at Bleeker Stadium. This showed school and community spirit,
providing students with a needed escape of academics through sports,
and providing SUNYA with a needed uniting force.

Funding for athletics cannot be expected to come totally from SA.
The state should really pick up at least some ofthe tab. College campuses
aren‘t all eco-text books and calculus exams. Pridein enc‘s university is
important too; it boosts the attitudinal aspects of this place. and
eventually. alumni associations and their funds.

Sports should live at SUNYA and every possible recourse should be
taken. Likc Couch Snucrs said. don‘t give up the ship. it‘s the only way
to help prevent other sports frorn double bogcying into oblivion like the

\é   l‘thmn
L Jik _ “It: :ty‘erl-rl

lltou \\ \l trrrrrrrr. [Join or t Irn'/
\I..l. \lr\r\rorr. In toms. \Irrrrrruwr: 1.1mm

golf team.

 

 

.lrrr ii\l|lll
.\Il\| USIIII
. lorrrr Ilttrtt\rt\. l \l‘ltll SMrrAN
.\It|'it\\tl I)rr \'-\|ll
Ru tr Sir rosorx’
i‘trr Sr‘tm \ltl!
.I-u‘rr Krrsox

\tus Hilton
\\\1)( I\II \I\\\ Hillillt
\st'tt ts rottorts .
\N‘lll l\ll \\I'H IN Hill"!
5mm“ rtrtrort . . .
\\\llt [\It \I'llMIS lllllttN
i’llllttlilkl I'kttlS Milli)" . . . .
Ni \rr urtrtrrn: «\l lizrt'n. LIIM‘I t‘crnr. Mrtclr |)lttt‘li. Kerr i\ltlll. l>;r\td (id-our. .I.M Rctlly.
\Irrtt \Irtrllt. li.r\rd Spun At' MANMJR: .lt'\\t‘ Sctn-rcr Iumu mus: lunrn Scltrrrrrh
l‘ttt\lt\\‘ run: I you llerr mus llllltltt orrrrrn r \: Mrrttlrcn Cos
.IoMtruN Ilotrms. [mum-u \IrtItrrgr'r
. . . . . , . . . . Drtrtur Kort
Room CutliN
. . .StrsAN Assrtr
. llr-NNv throws

Amitttrsrm. summit
llrttrm. romr‘r um
I'u‘httll summit
lloohaitt-IM. . . . . . . . .
s \r n r-uoorwrt : Stet c (ioltlstcrn. .Ictl it'ulttlt. ltrchtc Mcrrnelstt-nr. .lorly Wiiner ct rssttttn
\I)\Ittl|.\ll\t.: Srt-rt- Mnttt ( oMrmrttoN: i'ut Mvtilynn. Amy Sonrs \D t'ttulbllt‘llth MANAtlitt:
Ircnc lrrrn.rt to I‘Itllll‘l ttoN: llrldy Iirrtnd 1.11 Kurrsnrk. lu Roluootl. lrrttrtt Scirrnub.
Steplmnrc Slrcrmnrt out“: ltsrt Applclcrrrm. llutlr lcrcll. lirrrlcnr Fried

Mrt'tutt (intros. I‘Irttlrtt‘lrrrn Alluring”

Hqu tantrum. .".\\Hl”” I'rotlru'rrorr Manager

 

LuttAINI lttrrtruortr

llun urtsr I
"ItIAN knit/ta

\‘trtrn AI t AMHU
r-tstr-t‘rr: Sally Ann llrcclrcr. l \llll “t’l'l. Wcrrdy Ktlllilliilll. larurrc Strrducll rt'I'rsts: llelcnc
III ucltt-r. Hm \I K.rtrtrrr.ru.t'|rnrr Kuchler. l'ir'nn l ctnilt. .ittllt‘l Shcn. ivy Sprcrct'. Adela SIcIlcr
t'Atit nut-z lcslrc Appclbtrurn
I'lltilut-NAI'IH. .rupplrctlprincipal/r try ir'Illl't'rAlll' Photo Service '
I not r-rtorotrrrtr-rrnr: Mary Ann tlovrtt r-nototnurttttts: ‘l'orry l‘rrssrrrotu. Laura \‘rscosr.
\t'trll \rcrnnn. itonrtnc Krrlrtkolt. liob Iuorrttrd. 'l'rrnyrr Ann tirrttcy. Jelt Schnccbnurn.
Strut lcrcllr. llowrc Jacobs. .Ioltn Chou. l‘rrc Moon lt‘c
HS'I‘AIILINIH‘ZI) Nit!
Ilrr lllnrrrt‘o'lrrtlcrrr I'll-tr rt[urbItthr'tlt'u'rr lintrtlur'rtrttl l‘rrrlrrr tlurrrn' I’ll'Jt'llUUIJ‘t'tll'"l tht‘
illrrrrrt‘ .Yrrrt/t-rrr I’rt'.r\ t‘or/Iortrlrorr. rtII Hitlt'llt'lltlt'lif rroI-turvpto/u orgrtrtiurliorr. brlrlorrtrl
[mint It tIt-rt-rrrrrrrt'tl hr the IiIrIr-I-rIr-t'hkfﬂ trrtrl rt .rrriI/ct’l lo It'l'lt‘H‘ irr' lhc h'tlilorttrl Noun].

nu

\ltrrlrrrgr titlil"l'\\.' -l/Inorr .N‘Irrtlr'rrr t'rcrr. C(‘JN. Hm ll'nrhrrrt'lrrrr stun. Albany. .\‘i‘ I....

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

