 
     

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
 
 
  

 

‘lERBMHB

 mm mm

  
 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  
  
 
 
  

 

 

 

 

 

   

"(UL .335
«Min-rut,”
21-23 $219177}

A.

Mama-ma; M

mus saw a»

     
    

"‘ ‘ ‘93-?)
,
‘5—

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

__,.__.__—
“\I GAME??? no.1. 90.x

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

1mm 2f.

 

 

 

 

#/

JLNIMERIY £7 .‘l‘f‘i

 

 

 

F

 

By IRENE FIRMAT
And MEG ROLAND

“Nautilus invites you to pump iron!“
Nobody could have laughed harder at
that than we did. Working on the
advertising staff of the ASP we‘ve seen
some funny ads in our time but none was
the subject of more ridicule and abuse
than the Nautilus ad. with its he-man
Charles Atlas. Charles. with muscles
flexed. was a great source of
entertainment for the advertising staff.
Funnier still. was when one of the
advertising salesmen came in and asked
us if we would like to \isil and write an
article about Nautilus and body
conditioning techniques.

Now there are some inherently
humorous aspects to this proposition not
the least ol which is that neitliei of tisliad
e\ei' attempted to write anything more
than a history paper. never mind an
article tor the :lSl'. Secondly. although
we did partake in an occasional game of
raqiietball. lilting weights was itot exactly
our idea ol having a good time. lakiitg a
bi isk. hard \ialk to Stitter‘s. for example.
always seemed like a much more
appealing way of conditioning our
bodies. Having a good shape was an
appealing idea and had its definite
aduiiitages. but looking like a muscle-
bound lie-man :s not exactly otir idea of
the lcminine mystique.

And yet. partly as a lai'k and partly to
satist ottr curiosity. \\L‘ decided to give it
a try.

Armed with our various conceptions
and misconceptions regarding body
conditioning. we timidly walked into
Nautilus. Expecting a healthspa. we were
quite taken back by the clean,
comfortable atmosphere that greeted us.
i'clie\ mg our anxieties ol beingl'accd with
lie-men weight lifters throwing bar-bells
around. In fact. there wasn't a bar-bell in
hlgill.

()n the other hand. it wasn‘t a health

 

Meg demon:

 

 

JANUARY 27. 1978

spa atmosphere with soft. over-weight.-
middle aged cliente complacently
deluding themselves into thinking that by

sitting in Whirlpools and saunas they are .

going to lose weight. The people at
Nautilus were obviously serious about
body conditioning. which quite frankly
was more than a little intimidating to
newcomers like us.

Although a bit intimidated, we did
begin to realize that we had confused
body building with weight lifting. The
two disciplines have entirely different
purposes: the body builder aims at
developing a perfectly proportioned
physique: a weight lifter on the other

hand. strives to lift as much weight as‘

possible and never minds how his body
looks. Many lifters - can you recall those
Russians in the Olympics sport
paunclies no builder would ever carry
around.

.loe Ro/s. owner of \‘iiutihis. was
helping someone with their workout and
so while we waited we had a chance to sit
back and take stock of where our rash
decisioit had brought us. l’anic began to
set in as we heard moans and grunts
emanating from the other side ol the
mom. It had all seemed very humorous in
the advertising room ol the .45 I’. but our
bravado was quickly fading. l he thought
uppermost in our mind was not
journalistic inquiry. but rather how the
hell could we get out of this situation?

We told ourselves that we had to stay,
not out of any dedication to the
journalistic profession. but either we
stayed and wrote the article or leave and
get fired. We had no alternative. We
stayed.

Having made ourdccision we went into
the dressing room to change and came out
ready to face the machines well. sort of.
Before we started. we couldn‘t help
bltirting out our biggest l'ear. "llow
painful is this going to be?“ Reassuringly.
Rots and his wife l'leddy. explained that

train that physical exertlon can look tlrlng.

Building Health ond o BetteriSe‘x’  .e,»,-.:'

j .

 

Irene and Meg discuss the program with Nautllus owner Joe Ron

each person goes through a program
individually designed, suited to his or her
ability and that no one is pushed beyond
their capabilities.

Answering our second biggest fear,
they‘ assured us that weight training
would not produce large. unfeminine
muscles on girls. The truth ol'the matter is
that it is just not physically possible for
women to build large muscles. Since
women lack testosterone they don‘t
develop real bulk or muscle definition no
matter how much they train with weights.
but they could tone their muscles. tighten-
up flab. and gain the kind of strength that
helps ward off back injuries and pulled
ligaments. Ito/s, who was a philosophy
major iit the U nivcrsity of
Massachusettcs and a physical education
instructor in the Air l-orec. is very aware
of the misunderstandiiigs surrounding
body building.

As Ro/s took its tlirotigli the various
machines explaining the function and
purpose of each one. We slowly began to
reali/e that it wasn‘t as terrible or as
painful as we had thought, 'I he machines
can be easily adjusted toeacli individual's
capabilities. I he same machine tiscd by a
250 pound football player can be cltangcd
to suit the needs of a I It) pound woman.
enabling botlt to get the iiiaxuniitn benelit
ottt of a machine uniquely suited to their
needs.

A study made at West Point loiiiid that
subjects trained on the Nautilus machines
for six \‘iccks increased their ﬂexibility.
speed and endurance. their overall
strength was increased by an average of
ﬁll pei cent.

Another important asset ol Nautilus
Iotal Conditioning is that it improves
cardio-vaseular ability. l’ropcr training
on the machines will increase your lung
and heart capacity and the benefits are
comparable to jogging several miles a
day.

At the end of our workout we realixcd
that we had had a lot of misconceptions
about Nautilus and body conditioning.
Much to our amazement. we had actually
liked 'working out on the machines and

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

more amazing still was the fact that we
had both signed up for a three month
membership. This was partly due to the
fact that as women we did not feel
uncomfortable in the Nautilus
atmosphere. lfanything. they went out of
their way to make us feel comfortable and
at case. A brand new locker room hasjust
been built for women n a sign of the
increasing number of women enrolling at
Nautilus.
That first visit was two inonthsago and
since then our enthusiasm has not
diminished in the least. Despite the
kiddings we‘ve had to endure and the
constant requests from the guys down the
hall to llex our muscles we‘ve come to
realile that Nautilus is not just for
athletes and body builders but for
anyone, male or female. who is interested
in being in good shape. lhcre is a certain
satisfaction derived from attaining a
specifically set goal and stretching
yourself to that limit. Every machine
presents a challenge for your mind as well
as your body. 'l he intense concentration
necessary for each machine totally
absorbs your mind and thus it is an
excellent escape from school and all the
Worries that go with it.
For that half-hour, sehooldoesn‘t exist
and you become totally engrossed in the
exercise you are performing at the
moment. l’ressures and hassles melt
away, your mind becoming in tttne with
your body, as you progress through the
workout. You can really feel the exercise
on the specific parts ofyour body. It gives
you the sensation of effectiveness and
control which you can‘t achieve iii a
general exercise such as jogging.
Alter our workouts we really feel like
we‘ve done something good for our
bodies. We leave Nautilus relaxed and
ready to face the everyday hassles of
SUNYA life.
As an added incentive for those few
remaining skeptics. we were\informed by
a woman in the locker room that, among
other things, Nautilus Total
Conditioning is great for your sex life. As
if being in shape wasn‘t incentive

enough. . ,

 

 

PAGE 3A

 

 

