  
   
  

 

  
  

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 

 

 

u.-

By Liz HILL

recentlyrbeen experimenting with a new beinggiven thechance toeitperiment with
phenomenon in music . formation, a'completely new way of making sounds,
processing sounds digitally” Afternot- by using stringed‘ instruments;

churning out music over the past decade woodwinds, washboards, spoons, or even

with some of the finest'V-Land most SYnthesizers,.not by any other means We
advanced synthesis equipmentﬂin the‘commonly associate with sound
coumry, those people have started: formation, butvby processing numbers.
making sounds through a numerical UnlikethethousandsofAmericans using
process. It's a drastically different ' their calculators to figure out grocery
technique from any previously practiced lists, taxes, and square roots, the

since the

transistorization of the
electronics industry.

Electronic Music Department has
acquired its own digital compuer and

The rapid advancement in electronics started making music from it.

has made mini-calculators that were

This latest feat ofthe electronic whizzes

originally priced at hundreds of dollars shows they have successfully integrated
available to practically anyone jast for technical advancements into what they

filling up at the nearest gas station.

believe is a superior form of music

Electronic musicians have had a prime making. As Joel Chadabe,the director of
interest in these developments, and have the Electronic Music Department said:
been doing research lately to make those "To be interested in electronic music at
changes work to their own benefit in the this time, you have to have a sense of
production. composition. and storing of adventure. It you‘re a conventional type

their music.

of person, and you‘re interested in

The people in SUNYA‘s Electronic conventional modes ofexpression, you'll

 

PAGE 4A

write and produce music like people
before you have. There aren't enough
predecessors to make that possible in
electronic music. You have to be in a
mood for experimentation."

The computer opens up the way for
digitiully-produccd music. The concept is
a very recent on .stillin its infancyrUp

_ untilnthe igtrodu on' ofldigitalrmusic;

—
"Hm/r (ill ‘05 tr/xr'n f/irs/ INC] 30/)
.l/mrg no \t‘t’l't' I'll/(Maxim! in I/ro
pult'll/fa/s of (mu/(2g .th‘III/ics'ixrs

‘ , tr‘nent’a‘rc: no'eitcep'tion. In 4,
ticked away insmall rooms on, an effort to? keep'one stepaheadgof the,
the third floor of .the'7ever-adVancing technology, they‘ have
Performing Arts Center, the' taken 'pridenin"havin'gsome‘of the best -
people in the, Electronic undergraduaterorlentedﬂ',faeilities
Music Department "have available-Once‘again‘, thesejpeople are

  

being priidueed throughanalog devices.

All sounds-we hear every day are analog ‘ ' '-

f uvnctions, and occur in a world Of analog '
voltages. . All conVentional instruments,

. botha-acoustic'and"electrlcﬁ a're'ﬁ’analog  5 r'

‘piano, the resonating air column in a
flute, and evenftheflttctuating voltage in
the oscillator "of asynthesizerall produce

‘ devices.hat is, the ‘vibratingst'ringiri‘a

sound by behaving in a manner that is "

3 ANALOGOUS to the air vibrations we
eventually perceive as music.
Computerized digital systems, on the
other hand, know nothing of pitch,
timbre. resonance, and harmony, they
deal only in numbers, usually ones and
zeros (corresponding tof‘on“ and “off” in
the microscopic transistor switches that
make them up). They can add, subtract.
store. and retrieve these numbers at
blinding speed, manipulating them in an
infinite variety of ways, depending on the
program. Rather than blowing into,
beating, or strumming on an‘instrument,
or even adjusting the knobs on a
synthesizer, the digital musician processes
exact numbers into music.
Those analog voltages that correspond
to all sounds have been converted into a
code of number values for the computer.
When “composing” the musician has the
desired seq uenee of numbers churned out
by the tnachine, converted back into
electrical voltages, amplified, and voila —
music. _
lf programmed to do so, the computer

   
  
  

 

“Th ‘ umb r

  
 

III 's slur/mg u/l owr (Lari/H it‘ll/r

MANY imam mu

l/It' Ht’lt' (flier/(If li't'fl/IU/Ugt‘ [/1 my
run/s."

  
   
 

systems a "ebuple’ years back,f’music:wiis'  "

canstoreuitsdigitalinformation on'_t_ape. I .

 
 

 
 
       
 
     
 

 
     
 
          
 

     
    
 
      
 
     
  
   

  
   
       
     
   
    
     

    

 
   
    
  
  
 

  
 
   

   
  

“Rm/1w l/iull hauling I‘ll/U, Mal/Hg.
()r strumming (2/1 an ins/runmzl. (21‘
(’\‘('ll uc/jm/I'Hg I/rc Aim/is (w a sin—

{lies/Jr, I/rc
/)}'()('(’_\'.\(’.\

(CW/('1

mus/(z  '

 

series of clicking noises if played on any
type of recorder we‘re Used to using. But
on its own machine it can play back its
musical program with absloute fidelity
over and over again until something
physically breaks down.

A decade back. the EMU paved the
way for synthesizer composition in this
area when they installed ati analog
synthesizer studio. It was designed by
director L'hadabe, a pioneer in the licld of
electronic music. and Bob Moog, whose
efforts in the field of analog equipment
have led to the marketing of popular
Moog synthesizers. "Back in ‘65 when l
Iirst met Bob Moog," Chadabe recalled.
"we were interested in the potentials of
analog synthesizers the type he built. the
same type that many people build now,
It's starting all over again with the new
digital technology iti its roots. i think very
soon we will see computer-based
synthesizers on the market very similarto
analog synthesizers that are now being
produced. It's a different technology to
the same end. lliat technology offers
more precision, greater repeatability, ease
of control,"

The main Virtue ol the computer isthat
it will be able to play its music fifty years
after its recording with the same absolute
fidelity as the very Iirst time. lhe
computer does not ripen with age like a
Steinway grand piano, or a handpicked
Martin guitar. Any sound created by one
computer is capable of being duplicated
on any other machine, old or new,
provided it is loaded with the appropriate
program. Some musicians tnight see that
as its main weakness rather than its tnain
virtue.

Still, the aim of the musicians doing
research with the computer is different
from any that could be achieved in

  
 

previously-established traditions. “If
you‘re a songwriter,“ says Chadabe, “you
know what the form of a song is and you
start to express the melody that you do in
that form. There are many different
traditions. Many students in this
department are interested in rock andjazz
and apply their previOUsly-acquired
knowledge to their electronic
compositions and recordings. Other
students belting to a different tradition,
one which is growing now, not in a
classical tradition, but a new one —
beginning ’4 that has to do with the basic
character of sound v how you make
different kinds of sounds. Those sounds
don‘t have much to do with melodies.
That is, it‘s the type of music that is
oriented to the sound itself. rather than
toward the melody. You can do anything
with sound. Ours is a question ofstarting
trotn scratch all over again and trying to
lind ways of combining sounds that are

(/I'gI'lu/
lllllll/M'M

    
 
     

nuts/(Mn
{II/u

  
 

      
 
  
     

interesting.“

Keeping in the spirit of adventure,
Chadabc concluded that “when you‘re
involved in contemporary music of all
kinds. and it‘s true whether you‘re talking
about rock or this type of technological
music. history has a tendency of weeding
out the good. and the bad are forgotten.
But when you‘re involved with music at
the time, you look at music that year, or
week. you hearalot of bad stuff so there‘s
focus. The excitement is that you have the
chance to be involved with what‘s current,
and being involved in all the explorations
of the moment, and you‘re able to choose
for yourself.“ By having the digital
computer studio for experimental
research. the EMU had been able to
respond to the needs and desires of its
students. They've involved with the most
current electronic expolorations of the
momentand they‘re turning numbers into
musical history.

 

 
 

  

 
   
   
    
    
   
   
    
    
 
  
 
 

 
 
    
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
    

PAGE 5A

APRIL ‘3 1978 ALBANY BTUDINT PRESS

 

 

