)
l
l

.5 73:72.-..

r.

WWW. _
-  $7“?

 

.; “1'3 “who

... ..... .._-

 

l
I ‘ I .

Terrorist Hunt Continues

BONN, West Germany (AP) The computerized.
:rriultimillion-dollar manhunt for West Germany's terrorist
killers is well into its second year with 14 of” the most-wanted
fugitives still at large. Terrorist suspect Willy Peter Stoll.
wanted in the 1977 killing of three prominent Germans. was
slain by Duesseldorf police last week in the ﬁrst big strike in
West Germany this year against the fanatical Red Army
Faction. But the taking of the 28-year-old Stoll brought
chilling proof that some of the three dozenterrorists thought
to have fled abroad last year have deﬁantly returned to
resume their war on West German society. “What Worries us
is that the terrorists have returned even though it was thought
to be too hot for them here in the last six months." said a
West German security official. who asked not to be named.

Sgrians Undermine Summit

BEIRUT, Lebanon (AP) Christian leader Pierre Camayel
appealed to the Camp David summit to take up the new

Christian militiamen in Beirut went into its ﬁfth day.
Gemayel and former President Camille Chamoun. whose
militias the Syrians have been trying to bring under their
control since February. charged that the new offensive was
an attempt to sabotage President Carter's meeting with
Israeli Prime Minister Menachem Begin and President

escalation of hostilities by the Syrians.“ said Chamoun. “The
Syrians are trying to undermine the Camp David summit."

Civil . War at Hand

MANAGUA. Nicaragua (AP) President Anastasio
Sotnolu's troops battled leftist guerrillas in Managua and
other cities trying to crush a widescale offensive aimed at
forcing Somozn from power.“Therc is no longer any doubt. it
is a civil war." snid Alvarro Chamorro Mora. vice president
of the anti—Soinoza Conservative Party. The national gutird.
Nicaragua‘s 7500-man army and police force.claimcd that its

k

 

Lebanese crisis as the Syrian army's ltftest attack on’

Anwar Sadat of Egypt. “There is no justiﬁcation for this '

kwijloi'ld' new. crisis

forces were “maintaining control and order in
country." But the Red Cross said there was heavy gunﬁre
Sunday night in two sections of the capital and in the Cities of
Esteli. Masay and Leon. The government newspaper
Novedades said at least l6 persons were killed in one of the
five dstricts of Managua where there was fighting. Unoffictal
repons said there were many casualties in other parts of the
capital.

New Test Developed

MIAMI BEACH FLA. (AP) Scientists say they have
developed a simple chemical test to diagnose schizophrenia,
a group of mental disorders believed to affect millions of
people. Dr. Rajendra Varma. a biochemist with Warren
State Hospital in Warren. Pa.. said Sunday that a chemical
test of urine would help back up traditional, imprecise ways‘
of diagnosing the disorder such as watching for changes in
behavit‘Sr and attitudes over a period oftime. She said she
knew of no other similar chemical test. Ms. Varma‘s work
involves measuring the level of glucuronic acid in the urine.
Studies of 60 male schizoprhrenioi showed that it was
signiﬁcantly lowor in 72 percent ofthem than in 30 normal
males. she said at a briefing during the national meeting of
the American Chemical Society.

Large Scandal Being Probed

WASHINGTON (AP) Rival government investigators
probing the (iencral Services Administration are being
pressured bya prominent senator to burylhe hatchet and get
on with ttncovering what has been termed the largest money
scandal in federal government history. Sen. Lawton Chilcs.
l)-l"lii.. has undertaken the pencemaking- effort after
becoming upset ill what he call the “interiiecine warfare
between bureaucrat  (‘hilcs had a meeting scheduled
yesterday with USA Special Counsel Vincent Alto. Both
probes are searching for corrupt employees and contractors. .
Officials say the various theft and fraud schemes involve as
much as $66 million annually.

 

the whole'

 

jw
New Mediator Joins Effort

NEW YORK (AP) Theodore W. Kheel. the veteran prim”
i mediator, agreed yesterday to join the effort at ending the
.newspaper strike. now in its ﬁfth week. At the same time 1..
federal mediator called the parties back to resume ltllks aim

urged that they be “ﬂexible and imaginative." thcl. noting
that he‘s been involved in newspaper negotiations in the city

at one time or another since January 1963. announced ill a

news conference late this morning that he has accepted the
invitation to become a union advisor in the dispute. The three

big Manhattan-based papers have been shutdown since Aug.

9, when l.550 pressmen walked out in response in
management's changing work rules unilaterally.

Cut in Safety Standards

WASHINGTON (AP) Legislation which would remove nine
million American workers from the protection provided by
federal safety regulations will “turn several million
workplaces into death traps.” AFbClO President (icorgc
Mcany warned yesterday. Meany attacked a bill approved by
the Senate last month which would exempt businesses
employing to workers or less in non-hazardous industries
from inspections by the Occupational Safety and Health
Administration. The AFL-CIO convened a three-day
conference here attended by an expected 700 union members
from across the country to map strategy to show support for
federal occupational safety standards.

Flood Charged with Perjury

I.OS ANGELES (AP) Rep. Daniel J. Flood. I)-P:i.. “as
arraigned on three federal perjury charges yesterday inn t'i’lSL'
involvingthousands ofdollars in alleged bribes. 'l'hc l5 lL'lttl
congressman who is seeking re-election. spoke briefly dur ing
the proceeding to acknowledge that he understood lltx
constitutional rightsttiid had read the indictment rclurncd by
a grand jury last week. Ile has vehemently denied the
charges. [he 74-year-old Flood is accused of lying under
oath when he testified at Elko‘s trial on Oct. fl. 1077 HL'
swore he did not know about it $5.000 payoffgiven to l- |l.oh\
William I". Peters. a former trade school operator. I

 

 

 

 

 

radlo llcenao thls Sept. 15. (Photo: Bob Leonard)

0n the Air!

Assuming that all continues to go well. WCDI). SUNYA’s
I‘M radio station. will receive on Sept. IS a full fledged
operating license from the Federal Communications
Comission.

Since arriving on the airwaves last March. WCDll liiis
been operating on it standard six-month temporary FCC
permit. according to Station Manager Paul Heneghun.

"lt‘s standard procedure for all new stations to operate for
it period of six months before being granted a permanent
license.” he said. “At any time_during that period. FCC
representativus ciin carry out spot checks to make sure all is
according to regulations.“
llcneghttn described a series of such checks conducted by
the FCC over the past few weeks. .

“ l hey all went quite well,,' he .‘tttitl,"5|tlti we forscc a good
evaluation on the fitteenth."

%

—Stcve Outer

 

 

    

WCDB-FM fa hoping to receive lta pormaont FCC.

Politics Anyone?

Attention all future senators. assemblymcn and other
political—type people;

The New York State Senate is offering an opportunity for
undergrads to acquire a practical education in the legislative
process through its Session Assistants‘ Program. This is it
full—time l5—crcdit internship in a stale senator's office from
Jan. through May I979. the better part of the legislative
session.

All those desiring further information. brochures. or
applications should contact Assistant Dean for
Undergrad uale Education Robert (iibson at UOIl 36. or by
dialing 457-tltl4l.

—Steve Ostcr

Plant Director Named

Chester B. 'l'hoiiitis. an executive with more titan 20 years
of experience in industrial operations and logistics. has been
named director of SUNYA‘s physical plant. according to 'i
SUNYA News Bureau liulletin. ‘

lletore coming to Albany. ’l'homas wasa civilian employee
at the Pentagon. lie most recently was chief of
transportation til the Walcrvliet Arsenal.

SUN’YA‘s physical plant consists of 4.50 employees who
maintain and operate the school's 65 buildings and 525 acres
of grounds. Thomas will also supervise illl campus
construction and services. including custodial. housing
sanitation. niotorpooliind utilities.nccordiiigto the llllllcllll‘
‘hlflCtl retiring from the Army as it lieutenant colonel in
no}. lliomtts has held several high-level posts as botli -
government and civilian employee. ' i I‘

He holds a “A from the University of Murylttnd an MA
trotn lltill Slate. and is a doctoral candidate ill RlI’I

llioiiuts replaces l'rank Kopf'. who has retired. I

—Slevc ()s‘lcr

Student Interest

"l hose ol yoti who enjoy wutchingyour savings grow will.
be happy to know that the new Student (‘redii Union has
announced its inteiest rules. '

According to credit union President Rich Duskiii. live and

“A

one-half per cent interest will be compounded quarterly oi
deposits on account on the tenth of each month.

“it will be worked similar to a grace day account." he sand.
“in that we will average three months‘ deposits using cilhci‘
the balance on the tenth of each month. or later. whichever
balance is lower."

Daskin siiid that interest will be computed in this manner
and not duy-lo-day because the union “lacks the
bookkeeping capacity to handle“ the latter method.

4 The union. located in the left hand check cashing window
In the campus center. will be open Monday through Friday.
[be exact times are posted on the window.

- Steve Oster
TXO goes IKE

lll'clil Xi Omega. u SUNYA fraternity on Dutch Quail will
heyotnmg up with Tau Kappa Epsilon. a national fraternity.
for the past 25 years or so. frats at SUNY schools weicn'l
permitted to afﬁliate with national organizations. However.
last year the stipulation was lifted and TXO is the first
SUNYA lrtit to go national. Although rush officially curb
this month. the brothers say they'll be hosting social c\‘ciit\

lhrotighotit the semester. 'l'ogti parties anyonc"
-—Steve Minter

 

   

 

_T)(O will become SUNYA’s that national trritcrnlty
When It [aims Tau Kappa Epsilon. (Photo: SainTcrIIIt)

 

 

 

 

SEPTEMBER 12. 1978

ALBANY STUDENT Panes

ism-ya news briefs 

PAGE TWO

 

Stations Vie for Game Coverage

watt educational station.“ he said.
Accordingto FCC regulations. astu-
t‘ion under this heading is not legally
allowed toscll air time Iosponsors or
:itlvenisors. 0n the other hand.

by Stuart Liberman
A conflict has developed between

WCl)ll. SUNYA's oil-campus FM
radio station. and WABY. a local
AM station. over the coverage of
197K Danes basketball.

Duringthe W77 SllNYAhaskctball
season. Wt‘lm broadcast the entire
schedule. all home and away games.
Simultaneously. WAHY broadcasta
handful of the home games. Iiut this
year. WAllY wants to cover all the
home games.

Letter Sent
S U N Y A Office of Media

Relations Director Robert Rice. sent
a letter to WABY over the summer.
in an attempt to set up a meeting
between University personnel and
the local radio station. As of now.
there has been no action taken by
either side.

Rice has. in the past. provided

sports commentary for WABY on a

 

.ﬂ.’-\ A . .
Dlrector for Student and Untverslty Aetlvttl ethm D

 

volunteer basis. and he said that he
would enjoy doing that again this
season if he were asked.

WAllY Station Manager Bob
liadger. a SUN YA Alumnus gave
two ieiisons lor wanting to broad—
cusl SUNYA llasketbiill games.

"lhc WU)“ signal is not very
strong and competitive." he said.
lhe signal will not reach many local
residents beyond the immediate un—
iversity region. whereas WABY can
provide coverage to these outlying
areas.

Secondly. Badger said that there
are only two local teams which are
competitive enough to cover:
SUNYA and Sienna College. His
station has opted to cover the Great
Danes.
Motives Questioned

But WCI)B Sports Director Rick
liensignor questioned these motives.
“WCDB is a non-commercial. ten

oollsfold feels pool

tables In the quad will be advantageous. (Photo: Roanne Kulakoff)

1978 Torch Still Unlit;
Delivery Schedule Blamed

by Aron Smith

SUN YA'S l‘)7lt yearbook still has
not appeared although it was
completed in .ltily. according to
ltilL'll l-diior-in-L‘hicl Siim lerilli.

.’\L't'|ll'tllllg to lerilli. the 2500
\L‘.l|l)tIUl\S orilcictl are still at the
|l|llllt'tS lll North Carolina. and
won't be distributed lot tlI lctist two
\tceks.

Not long illlct' the torch staff
\otcd merwhcliuingly to change
IllL‘ll' pltllL'L‘IL‘ti date of publication
last year. from the usual spring dis-
tribution to fall. lerilli began run-
ning into problems both with SA ex-
ccuttve officers and Central Council.

“We expected to have it lot of
link." said lerilli. “It meant the
graduating seniors wouldn't receive
their books before graduation. Last
()ctohcr. tlicie was a proposal ontltc
floor of (‘eiitriil Council to freeze
oiii budget unless we came around to
the council‘s way of thinking.“ he
said. “After a long fight. the l'orch
stall won the right to make our own
tlcclsions.‘

"l believe they said they wouldn't
publish it yearbook at all. if they
couldn‘t publish it in the fall." said
former SA l’icsitlent l)tivid (iold.
" | hey got vciy upset that we would
even consider interfering with their
group. We decided tluit it Wits too
much interference with the internal
workings of the yearbook. so Wt:
gave them it cliiirice to see if it would
come out." said (iold. "ll Wits cer-
tninly iiul it success."

lhe reason that the mid-

W
summon 12. 1973

Scpteiiihcr target distribution date
V has arrived while l'orch '78 has not.
according to lerilli is quality.

“I‘ve done it much better job on
the full book than lcoiild havcoiitlie
spring book." said 'l'crelli. "There
are more prints that are relative to
the school year in general. The
photographs are better. The layouts
are better. 'l’he main problem with
the yearbook is that eteryone has ti
different conception of what it
should be.aiid those varying concep—
tions may not be the same asmine."

When the books finally do arrive.
they will iiol be distributed to those
ordering them last year anti still

wit/mm 4/ on poor /our

WAllY is a profit-making station
which is in business to make money.
if they did not think broadcasting
our games would reap ll profit for
them. they certainly would not do
it.“ ‘
llciisignor said that he “never did
like“ the dual broadcasting situation
of last year. and described it as "a
pain in the neck." He cited incidents
in which WCDB had arrived at a
game after WABY. only to discover
the optimuincourt-sidc seats already
taken by WABY personnel.
WABY Program Director David
lioone said thiit the reason his sla-
tioii did not broadcast SUNYA
away games during the 1977 season
was insufficient stuff and facilities.

    

WCDB Sports Dlrector Rlek Benzlngor questions the motlvoa behlnd
WABY'I wlsh to cover home games. (Photo: Scott Areman)

Campus Center Ofﬁces Shuffled

by Jeff Kennell

As part ofa master planaitncd at
more efficient Campus Center space
utilization. the SA offices have been
moved tolthc former billiard room
area of the first floor. according to
Director of Student and University
Activities Jim Doellefcld

Doellefcld explained that there
were two major reasons for the
move. The SA had outgrown their
third floor offices. and it specially ap-
pointed Campus Center Advisory
lioiird felt that a tnore centrally
located and ticcessttblc area was
needed for the SA.

the SA office move was part ofa
master plan for Campus Center
“space utilization.“ according to
l)oellcl‘cld. On Sept. 14. I977.
l)‘oellefc|d commissioned the Corn-
piis L‘eiitcr Advisory Board to make
recommendations on “space utiliza-
tion“ in the Campus Center. Former
SA President l)ave (iold appointed
four members to the eight person
lioiird and Docllefeld appointed the
remaining four. The Board's
recommendation to move the SA of—
fices from (‘C 346 to the billiards
room was confirmed by l)oellefeld
on Sept. 5. one week ago.

[he movement ofSA. the Campus
("cuter Office and the Student Life
()llice. truth the lliird floor created
loiir additional meeting rooms

'iversity Auxiliary Services E.
Norbert Zahm. a member of the
Campus Center Advisory Board.
described the movement ofthe UAS
l‘ood Co-op from the CC basement
level to the first floor. adjacent the
grime room. Znhm said this move
was made to create additional

At the present. the pool ti

operation on other quads.

Welly.

tables from their old lttL'tllltlll.

 

which may be used by any of
SlINYA‘S |20 student groups.

"We created addidiontil meeting
space on the thiid llooi cast wing."
siiid Unellclcld. with the intention of
more adequately meeting the needs
of student groups. academic

departments, and tile administra-

tion.“

A change will also he made in the
iirrangciiient of Campus Center's
first floor. (icneriil Manager of Un-

Fallfest ’78 is Sunk;
Lack of Funds is Cited

by Itcnu l.ehrcr

lizlllfcst. it long time tradition at
SUNYA. will not be held this year.
lhc free concert. usually given on
Activities Day. is supported by the
University t'onecrt Board and it
fund from the Student Association.

According to L‘llilll‘ of the U(‘ll,
livlin (itlitl. there is just tiol enough
money available to pity for I'iillfest
this year. “ More tiiuricy is needed for
Mnyfcst." he said. “It will cost twice
as much this year as it has in the

past."

last year‘s SA President Dave
(told. said at the end of first year that
there would be no money in the

budget available for this year‘s
l‘nllf‘est; and since neither organiza-
tion has the money. the decision was
made to cancel the concert.

lwo years ligo. l‘iillfest consisted
of free food and it concert held
bchnid the Campus Center. last year.
the concert was held iutlic gym. btit
hecttlisc of inclement weather. there
was ii smaller turnout than the year
before. lhc total cost was a little
over $7.000. sold Iivtin (iold.

Marylest. which is held in the spr-
ing. will cost around “7.000. It will
be Ctl'SpUllSUl'Cd hy the UCIl. the
SA. and the University Aux-
iliary Services.

back."

more clicclth use of

 

rPool Tables out of CC; l
Distributed to Quads

l'he Campus .Ceiiter‘s pool tables have been relocated. This year.
two will remain in the off-campus lounge. while six more are beingdis-
tributed to lndian. Dutch. Colonial. State. and Alumni Quads. and
l’itlmiin llnll. according to Director of Residences .lolin Welly.
ibles are in the hands of the Housing
Office. According to General Manager of UAS E Norbert Zalim. the
luditiu Quad Recreation Room will be used its ii model for pool table
He explained that rec rooms similar to
liidian‘s would be established on all other quads and l’itmtin Hull. it is
hoped that damage to the tables will be kept to it minimum by locking
the rec rooms at | l:00l’M on weeknights and midnight on weekends.
the sticks will be checked out of Quad ofﬁces and a twenty-five cent
charge. Would be levied for each hour of use. This fee would then be
iiscd to iepliice the felt covers of the pool tables. at process which will
probably be necessary every one and one-half years. according to

A Utica film is currently reassembling the pool tables. but it is
uncertain when illi thdtiiblcs will be ready for play.

/:ilim \ttltl that inonev was not ti factor in the removal of the pool
' “it was the type of operation that
supported itself. one your you‘d lose it little.

llotli Inhiu and l)ucctoi of Student and University Activities .lilu

llocllclcltl :igi ccd tluit the pool table move was basically it question of
prime

storage space in the CC basement
and to give the overcrowded Food
Loop some extra operating room.

"There was no economy in the
previous storage situation." said
lathm. “Central storage in the CC
basement will provide for the ef-
ficient use of regularly used items."

the next you‘d make it

center space.
—- .lcfl' Keiinell

CillllpllS

 

 

:‘s

Untverelty Concert Board Chalr Evan

  
    

  

Gold cold that money to ot

avallsbto to pay for a Fallteet this year. (Photo: Bob Leonard)

PRESS

PAGE Ema

 

l
i
t

 

;.,..v.‘- q...‘

 

