 

by Carol lannone

For many of us. college life represents our
ﬁrst experience in independent living away
from home. With the ﬁnancial independence
and responsibility which often accompanies a
student's break from-home to the university
community. insurance against the theft or
destruction of personal property should be
considered. Although many students have not
yet had the time or the money to accumulate a
great number of material possessions. if we
calculate the replacement value of the typical
st udent's personal property-clothing. books.
stereo equipment. to name a few; a ﬁre or
burglary is potentially devastating. '

Before reading on. a word of caution is in
order here. Many students under a speciﬁed
age (usually twenty-one or twenty-ﬁve) are
insured through their parent‘s homeowner's
policy. For example. State Farm Insurance
carries a homeowner's policy which will cover
up to ten per cent of the family‘s property
which is outside the official family residence.

If a student is not insured under her/his
parent‘s homeowner's policy. rentcr's
insurance can be purchased from a number of
major insurance companies. These policies
generally cover the destruction or loss of
specified personal property by theft. fire or
lightning. vandalism. civil disturbance.
btiildiiig collapse. and other calamities which
are specifi'ally stated by the ternts of the
policy. Personal property which is usually
covered without question includes: clothing.
books. electrical appliances. cameras.
typewriters. mtisical instruments not played
for rename-ration. televisions..an furniture.
Some of the personal property which may or
may not he covered. or whose coverage is
subject to limitations includes such property
as: stereo equipment. bicycles. jewelry. cash.
ehee s. oi bonds. tickets. contact lenses. and
artiticial lenses or teeth. In addition. some
policies cover expenses incurred which are a
icsult ol the destruction or damage of the
policy holder‘s place of residence.

l’lic procedure involved in obtaiiiitig an
insurance policy and filing a claim are
seemingly simple. however they have a
reputation of developing into enormous
hassles for the policy holders iftlte claimsscem
dubious to the insurance companies. or iftlie
proper procedures are not followed.
Generally. independctit insurance agents are
representatives of tnany insurance companies.

so one may pick and choose among numerous
policies to ﬁnd the one which is best tailored to
her/his needs. Before a policy will comeinto
effect. and the terms agreed upon by both
parties. the insurance company may require
an inspection of the policy holder's place of
residence and possibly character references. A
complete inventory of those items to be
insured is required. This inventory must be
kept up to date. In order to ﬁle a claim. one
must contact her/his agent. who in turn
contacts the insurance company. The
insurance company may investigate.
depending on the nature of the claim. Sales
receipts are often necessary in order to receive
reimbursement. and photographs of valuable
items are extremely helpful in speedng up the
process. Reimbursement money rarely covers
the replacement costsofthe items damaged or'
stolen: Reimbursement schedules are
generally based on a formula which pays the
difference between the replacement value of
the item ttnd its depreciated cost. Some
companies periodically adjust the premiums
and the reimbursement schedules for
inflation.

The costs of a policy varies greatly
depending on a number of factors such as: the
insurance company. number of dependents
and niarittil status. fire district oftlie home. its
lip code location. ttiid the age and location of
the home. (Indeed. the question of insurance
i'edliuing has been raised by ti number of
consumer interest groups. incltidirtg
NYI’IRU.) National Student Services
(associated with AIU Insurance) has a basic

policy which provides 5 I 500 worth ofeovcrage.

Additional coverage may be purchased at the
rate ol $6.50 per $500 ttiiit up to $5000. The
cost of the plan depends on the amount of
insurance purchased and the deductibles
selected by the policy holder. For example.
with a $25 deductible per loss. the yearlycost is
525'. for a $50 deductible per loss the annual
cost is $20. Although this plan is the cheapest
ol those examined. it does not cover liability
insurance. Other insurance companies which
do not have a student program require a
minimum coverage which range from $4.000-
$ll.tltl0 yearly minimum coverage. 0f the
insurance companies contacted. there is tio
group plan for unrelated individuals in the

some residence. which may pose a problctn for

sl udents.

 

 

 

 

 

The Army Wants You!

To The Edltor

The Weekly’ People. the oldest Socialist
publication in this country and the official
paper of the Socialist Labor Party, has
evidence that there are plenty of ignorant
people in the Army. Air Force and National
Guard as all three recently sent recruitment
material to our organization.

While the Weekly People receives its share
of junk mail. these notices had an unusual
twist. The addressee was Karl Marx!

The Weekly People was about to write the
matter all .as a computer goof. But, as if to
erase any doubts about its assessment of the
military. a recruiter came to the Weekly
People ofﬁces in Palo Alto. California to
encourage Marx to respond to the recruiting
pitch.

ASP readers may find the above hard to
believe. but so help me. it's the truth. Talk
about ignorance. that cops the cake!

Nathan Pressman
Hudson Valley Organiler for
Socialist Labor Party

Love Thy Dishwasher

To The Edltor
In response to a letter submitted to the
ASP about two weeks ago by Misters Quinn

and Cimbol. iii which they bitched about"

everything at this school. we admit we ﬁnd
some of their points almost accurate.
Ilowcver. they are grossly out of line in their
condemnation of the UAS cafeteria staff.

As dish-line workers on Dutch and
('olonial, we cart say front experience that
those times in which we Iiavc exhibited
impolitcness towards a student usually follow
a similar hick ol'consideration by the student.
t'onrtcsy is supposed to be a two-way street.
lloit would yott react to some sub-lunic
moron sending iii a tray ftill of llaming
napkins'.’ So what does he do‘.‘ He complains
about being hosed down.

Aside from the llamboyant and itnaginativc
exploits of our patrons. consider some ofthe
everyday crudttics thrown in our direction.
lake. for instance. the idiot who can‘t
understand why he can‘t have more than one
steak. and decides it‘s the server's fault. How
about the Well guy who stuffs apples.
napkins. 27 flavors of ice cream. and just
about everything but his pea-sited brain into
his glass'.’ llelieve it or not. these glasses mtist
be implied by httiid. which is loads of futi
during a twenty minute rush.

How about those inconsiderate waiters and
waitresses who ask you to bring up your tray
when the meal has been over for a half-hour.
so that we. too. may make a class of tow?

Why is it that in a school with such difﬁcult
admission criteria. that so many people can't
ﬁgure out why that silverware bucket is by
their end of the conveyor belt? '

While we admit that we don‘t greet every
patron with a smile. we really do attempt to
provide efﬁcient and reasonably polite service.
So if you don‘t like it. Misters Quinn rind
Cimbol. we and our fellow UAS compatriots
"politely" say. “fork you."

Kevin Kelly
Mike Williamson
Bill Raydo

‘ Holiday Anyone?

To The Editor

After acquring sufficient information
concerning SUNYA‘s policy on holiday
recesses we dezided to air our opinions
through the Albany Student Press.

National Holidays have always been a time
for Americans to stop and reﬂect on the
achievements of their forefathers and
l'oremothers. Christopher Columbus was a
man who set an example for all men It)
consistantly strive for their respective goals.
Many prestigious colleges such as lltc
University of Brockport. American University
in Washington D.C.. State University of
Maine. and Smith College iti Muss. haic all
recognized the great achievements ot this razor
and have all suspended cla 'cs for this day.
However. the State University of New Yoi k at
Albany has not suspended classes on the moth
of October. which is the celebrated lltllltld)
honoring this titan.

Two great presidents of the llmtcd Stair-x
have been honored by having the lltlllilll
reflect on their fine Cttllll'ilitllltitts hi sunny
aside a day ol recognition Ittt L‘ilt'll. lilt' Rio.
University of New Yoik at «\Ilmn» " ix
suspended classes tor Washingtoer tmtlnlr.
We however lccl that this IN on Ilixlill in
another finc president. .»\lii.ili;iiii l lllr olit, m
not honoring hishirthtla) \\llll.t.\l|'.||t lllim‘ oi
cltts. Since the United Slates (Ith‘llilltt'lll
funded the SUNYA svstcm \\llll om ||
million dollars last year. ll is lt‘;l\titl.lltlt to
assume that SUNYA \vould tollou lhc
I‘cdertil government‘s policy
nationtil holidays. llowcvcr. II is oln ltllh i no
they don‘t. We have classes on Monti“.
February [2.

Believe it or not. we also feel that lilt‘lt' t.\ .i
practical argument on this issue Many
SUNYA students enjoy retreating born the

t'tlllt'l’llllllk‘

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

HH:|:I|3:I

 

@mrmx‘i’akw -I

 

I non/IT! --
I Mr!
\

t rrthUCHTo
K l/Ol.)

%\%‘52
K
$

IMWm /
I Mil/T all/f]

a...“
VIE.

 [W

L.
alias

I [JILL LOUEANV
ﬁUPPOET 1/

l(DU 66L!

snivés,

so

C"

\
eggs:
ﬁgs?

6
is?

70 W .DUUUUFYW - s

 

 

 

 

 

