   

(‘7

 

  

 

 

Chinese  With Leader

TOKYO (AP) Despite all.the rumors, speculation and wall
posters, China‘s moderate leaders apparently have decided
they must stick together and leave Hua Kuo—feng at the helm.
The wall-poster campaign under way in Peking for the past
two weeks indicated-that Teng Hsiao—ping, the 74-year-old
senior vice premier, was locked in a power struggle with Hua,
the I 57-year-old party chairman and premier. There was
widespread speculation that Hua would lose the premiership
to Tang, and possibly the party chairmanship, the top 'jOli in
the country, as well. ’l'eng told a visiting Japanese politician

Wednesday he doesn‘t want to be premier. “Frankly
I speaking, it isn‘t that I am unqualiﬁed for the post, but I don't
want it.“ he said. “. . . The premiership is very exhausting
and a man of my age isn't fit for thejob. A younger man is
better suited," However, T eng said the main reason for
leaving the status quo is an urgent need for stability and
unity. 1

Egypt to Propose Changes

MIDEAST (AP) Egypt sent a handwritten message to Israeli
Prime Minister Menachem Begin yesterday concerning
'"developments" in the peace negotiations, the Middle East
News Agency reported. Egypt's ofﬁcial news agency said the
letter, “in it sealed envelope," was handed by Vice President
llosni Mubarak tothe U.S. ambassador in Cairo, Hermann
Eilts, for relay to Israel. The contents were not given but the
message, presumably from President Anwar Sadat, is
believed to contain Egypt‘s latest proposals to overcome the
impasse in the Washington peace negotiations. Egyptian
Prime Minister Mustafa Khalil is on his way to Washington
for talks with President Carter. He is carrying proposals for
modifications ofthe U.S. drafttreaty submitted to Egypt and
Israel Nov. 1 l. Diplomats say the proposals concern
suggestions on linking progress in Egyptian-Israeli relations
‘with steps to establish Palestinian autonomy in the West
llank of the Jordan River and the Gaza Strip.

Earthquakes Strongest Ever I

MEXICO CITY (Al’) As many as 600 persons were reported
treated for injuries or shock after six earthquakes that rocked

 

 

kMexico City and southern Mexico, but ofﬁcials said there

Lﬁorld stews briefs?

Hard Times Remain for Nixon

ny deaths. Some newspapers i

rmed re arts of a , ,
were no can“ p least seven persons killed in l

and radio stations reported at

. ' ut olice and l , ,
Oaxaca state 300 nules south of the capital. b P would not do so fornmlbuuomThe cumm rmewcdimﬂm

Red Cross spokesmen said no deaths were reported ofﬁcially

an where. and most damage to buildings was s
shtick Wednesday afternoon lasted 70 seconds and caused l
panic among Mexico City's l3 million people.|Maii‘y wher:1 iii i
' ' ' t on their way to title w e
skyscrapers or in eleva ors dB of American

. . ~ . . Th '
struck shortly before 2 ct: “0:118:1er hotels. many  meom‘  

tourists in Mexico City

with their bags. Five more
before 6 pm. Readings on t
ranged from 6.5 to 7.9 on .
seismologists said it was possibly one of the strongest series .,
of quakes in the country's history.

tremors were felt in the capital

oxroao, ENGLAND (AP) Richard M. Nixon, bravinga i
guntlet of egg-tossing protesters and speaking over chants of i
“Creep! Creep!" and “Nixon is deadl", to
yesterday he will “speak up for what I believe. . .
live.“ The former president also told the Oxfor
audience that with his approval the FBI broke up a I
Palestinian guerrilla "network" int

ended four years ago with his resignation in the midst ofthe
Watergate scandal. A phalanx of security men had to
'cscori Nixon through an angry crowd of 500 student
demonstrators, many of them Americans and some ﬂinging
eggs, when he arrived at the Oxford Union debating society
hall to deliver the address. Earlier. when Nixon made his way
iriio the hall, he got a friendly Welcome from the waiting
audience of about 800 students. who applauded loud and
long. llut at times the ex-prcsident‘s voice was almost
drowned out by the chanting from protesters outside.

New Nuclear Strategy for US

NEW YORK (AP) The Carter administration is taking
tentative steps that may alter the nafion‘s nuclear strategy,
the New York Times said yesterday. The Times said the
drastic revision of the American policy of relying upon
massive retaliation for deterring a nuclear war with the
Soviet Union is aimed at providing the United States with a
better ability to wage a limited nuclear conflict in addition to

 
  

light. The ﬁrst in civil defense, with plans for evacuating urban centers, was

away from the massive retaliationstance. the llcwspttpcrsaid

he ﬁrst and most SCVCTC 5'10“ WASHINGTON (AP) The House assassinations committee
the Richter 508W Mimic“ said yesterday it is investigating the possibility that thc

conspiracy to kill Martin Luther King Jr. “might aciuapy be
one of Ray‘s l-rothers“ or a composite ofthem. Jerry Ray, j,
brother ofthe man who pleaded quilty in King's murder, was
warned about that development as he took the witness stand

Id British students been involved as a co—eonspirator or otherwise in the
as longasl assassination of Martin Luther King," committee counsel
4 university Mark Speiser told Jerry Ray. The Raoul theory involvingthe

he United States through (i. Robert lllakey. before Jerry Ray testiﬁed. The other
wiretaps and break-ins during his administration, which brother. John, is to testify today.

i

ts ability to engaged in large-scale warfare. The Times said
his change in philosophy was being undertaken quietly, with
ittle public debate. and that ofﬁcials willingto talk about it

he most visible indicator that the United States might shift

it a story from Washington.

nysterious Raoul implicated byJames Earl Ray in an alleged

o testify before the committee. “We have received
ntorniaiion of an incriminating nature that you may but:

{ay‘brothers was advanced by the committee‘s cliicfcounscl,

Survivors Return to Safety

LOS ANGELES (AP) Four survivors ofthe Peoples 'l cmplc
mass suicide in Guyana were embraced by family members
amid tears of’joy and cries of“Yippiel" as they arrived lit-rt-
yesterday. “I feel pretty good. I'm happy to be in the l3 5A,,“
said Ilyacintli 'l'hras , 70, who was met at the aiipott by l\t‘ti
nieces and it nephew. She would not talk to reporters. except
to say she had “been sick the whole time" she was in Guyana.
starting inJunc 1977. Two other survivors, Grover liaiis, 7‘),
and Madeline Brooks, 73, flewto San Francisco. 'I hcy ut-rc
iiici by a large group of reporters but, like the Httttivors
arriving in Los Angeles, they made no comment. lloth “Clt'
accompanied on the flight byasocial workcrf'roni New Yotk
Social Services. In Los Angeles, the area was ropcd olf iind
guarded by airport security ofﬁcers and city police the his
other passengers on the commercial flight didn't knon tlit-j
liiid flown with Joiiestown survivors.

 

 

 

 

 

r

 

 

    

six/MW
Buddlng clnematographers and ﬁlm crltles have a chance to
win prizes for their endeavors. (Photo: Carolyn Sedgewlck)

Lights, Camera...

ll you‘re a blossoming young ﬁlmmaker, FOCUS ‘79
(l-ilms or College and University Students) can offer you a
chance to win one of $32,000 in prizes including cash.
automobiles and scholarships.
llie competition, in its 3rd year, is being sponsored by
Nissan Motor Corporation (distributor of Datsun Autos),
Playboy Magazine, Universal Studios and  Tobacco.
Any college student producing a non—commercial l6mm
film is eligible for entry. The ﬁlm can be experimental,
documentary, animation or narrative, but must be less than
30 minutes in length.

I here is also a category for critiques of professional works
or analyses of the trends and basic themes incurrentcinenia.
I he price distribution will be equal for both categories, 7

Judging the competition will be a panel comprised of a
smattering of the industries most valued artists. FOCUS '79
offers college students a chance to have their work reviewed
by Steven Spielberg (of Jaws and Close Encounters of they
lhird Kind fame); Dyan Cannon (the much admired
actress/director/writer/producer) and some of their
collegues. In the essay competition Roger Ebert of the
Chicago Sun~limcs and Bruce Williamson, Playboy's film

 

\
PAGE TWO/

,i‘iil 

editor are among the honored judges. In addition, Allan
L'ai'r. producer of the movie Grease will award a special
bIUllll scholarship for outstanding excellence in film
production.

So, get your cameras and dark rooms ready. You may be
one of the Illluckypcoplejetted to Hollywoodto be honored
ill the gala Premiere and Award Ceremony next spring.

l‘or more inlormatioii, write to FOCUS ‘79

lldt) Ave. of the Americas
\cu fork, N.Y. |003ti

—Robin Goldberg

Roll ’Up Your Sleeves

llic American Red Cross Bloodniobilc will be paying
SUNYA it visit next 'I ucsday, December 5.

SUNYA business fraternity Delta Sigma Pi will be
sponsoring the stopover in the Campus Center Assembly
Hall troin l0:00 am to 4:00 pm.

A spokesperson for the Red Cross said that the
organization‘s last visit on Nov. 9, was “one of the most
successful November Bloodmobiles ever held in the SUNY
campus during its ten year participation in the Northeastern
Regional Blood Services."

—Cl'iarlle Bell

0 O C I
1 hanksgtvmg Revisited

flow are you celebrating Kwanza this year’!

It you don‘t have plans yet, A.S.U.B.A. is sponsoring a
whole weekend of events for the tradtioniil African
celebration of thanksgiving and commitment. ‘

Aib. UIB.A. members say that Kwanza, which means “first”
lll Swahili, celebrated the harvesting of the ﬁrst crops. The
ceremony was transplanted in America for bla ‘k l '
alternative to Christmas. L pcop cm an

Although Kwanta doesn‘t occur in the United States until
Dec. 26, SUNYA's black community will be celebrating the
'llOlldﬂy this weekend witha number ofaetivities including it
istlltlll Kwanui ceremony, a guest speaker, Minister Louis
l‘ilfiilkiltl, a cabaret, ii movie by the Last Poets, and an
African play. entitled Three Women of Xango.

Contact A.S.U.B.A. for the details.

-— Charles Bell‘

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS '

I »t l
J.t.l..i.-t .li'r’;.'i

  

(slmya news briefsU

A Star Is Born

"I Carry America's Number One Get Well (1nd. I to You!"
Ask that question of UAS General Managci, \‘ornian
Zahm, and he would tell you with pride to look [It the
November I978 issue of the Albany Medical t‘ollcizcs l-M
Progratn Guide, where he is pictured and quotcd lll itll
advertisement for Blue Cross. Blue Shield lll‘illtillltt‘ "
Advertising Account Executive for Itlue firm. llluc
Shield Jack Ryan said “Zahm was picked beratiw hc Is it
businessman aiid a representative dccisionnnikt-i Ill t
northeastern New York." ‘
[.uh'm, when asked why he believed he was chosen lt‘Ililt'tl
uuh a chuckle, "Because of my good looks". Ryan .ltllltfli:
"/.iihm is happy and satisfied that he has lllflflt' llic lliﬁillt
decision by tisiiig Blue Cross, Blue Shield." 
/.iiliin apparently has appeared in numerous tilllrt 
publications concerning public interest tlLchlliwlticllh llci
claims the experience is like “pretending to be normal ulnlc
people are dancing around with cameras." ‘
Proof that this ad hits attracted the desired attention is
through the various comments Zahm has received from
acquaintances who have noticed his appearance in the

papers.

UAS Genral Manner E. Norbert ‘ chm appeared I
‘dvertlsinent endorsing Blue Cross, Blue Shleld Iiisurttttrt-

 

 

DECEMBER I. 197”

dirt .1

 

i 1. vv-ytwimw. .l.,¢vs,wmg.*m _

 ....~-....a..~...-- {—sz

 

 

 

7.. «ml. Lava”?
M

 

 

by Charles Bell I 
A special committee of faculty and

students is studying a number of

curriculum programs with an aim '

toward recommending general
degree requirements for SUNYA
undergraduates.

(Last August, SUNYA President
Vincent 0' Leary charged the
Special Cimmittee for
Undergraduate Education (SCUE)
to bring together proposals of
previous curriculum committees.

"We need not be paralyzed against
making needed changes in our
undergraduate degree
requirements," 0‘ Leary said.

- SCUI: Chair Eugene Garbcr, a
professor in the English Department
said that "about ten models we are
working with contain at least some
structuring beyond the current
requirements," but he added that
retaining the current system of
minimal requirements has not been
titled out. it.

In [970, the report of the
t onimittee for Undergraduate
Requirement liliminations (CURE)
toruied the basis for dropping
distribution requirements for
SU N YA undergraduates.

t)‘Lcary said that while lie favors ii
program of distribution
requirements for SUNYA

1;

 

Curriculum Reviewed

undergrads, he would “accept a
decision by' the university
community to retain the current
system." . ,

SCUE member 'Assistant Vice
President for Academic Affairs
Helen Desfosses said that the
committee is making use of last years
proposals by the Special Committee
for Reviewing Undergraduate
Lducatioii (SCRUE) and the
University Academic Council's
report on Goals for Undergraduate
Liberal Education (GLUE).

"We have found it very helpful to
base our work on the proposals of

previous committees." said
l)eslosscs.
SCU E‘s fourteen members

include five students, seven faculty

.mernbcrs and two administrators.

Student member Lisa Newmark said
that 0‘ Leary appointed members to
represent a cross-section of the
academic community, and that the

(members are associated with various

academic departments .

"Hopefully," said Newmark,
"each member will bringthe interests
of each constituency group to the
committee."

Desl'osses, who heads a
subcommittee designed to evaluate
the current degree requirements
under CURE, said that one project is

Student Escort Patrol Co—ehalr Fred Brewington is angry about a memo
saying STEP will find it difficult to obtaln funds. (Photo: Bob Leonard)

SUNYA Assists In Area Planning

by M.J. Memmott

A group of SUNYA faculty is!
cui‘icntly beginning plans for a fall
I‘)7‘) conference on economic
tlc\c|opincnt in the Captital District.
According to SUNYA President
Vincent ()‘l.eary, a steering
committee headed by Dean of the
School of Business William Holstein
is currently laying down the
groundwork for a meeting of
university representatives and
community leaders concerned with
economic development.

this concern for SUNYA
involvnicnt with the community can
be traced to ()‘l.eary‘s "Programs
and l'l’lt)‘l‘lllCS" report published on
.lttly It). In it he stated, “Our
responsibility to invest campus
resources for the betterment of the
larger community through policy
studies shall continue to be it guiding
assumption iti our planning
activities."

“ lhe trope is to review an agenda
tor economic development in this
area between now and the veiir

DECEMBER 1, 1978

2000,“ 0‘l.cary said. 'lhc project,
titletl Metro 2000, will combine

input from faculty and the locttlu

coiniiitinity. "Our purpose is to
promote work between campus and
community leaders on issues
important to' this area,“ said
U'lciiry.

" l he question is whether we are
satisfied with cconoitiic trends as
they are now going in the capital
district," (Henry said. “If we're not
then we want to see what we can do
to change them. Willi the” economic
drain on our state iitid this area, it's
iuiptirtt‘tnt that this university
address these issues and make
whatever contribution we can to our
own geographic area."

Ihe steering committee has been
meeting weekly throughout this
semester llolsteiti said. They hope to
hold a series of smaller conferences
next spring, in preparation for the
larger one in the full.

"We are trying to develop
something more meaningful than a

to assess student reaction todegree _ v

requirements in general.

“We‘re trying to measure_ the
extent to which students are taking
courses outside their major,"
Uesfosses said. “and if they are not,
to see it' there is a need to structure a
curriculum program to require it.“

Desl'osscs said that the study will

’be done by analysing students‘

transcripts and conducting “oral
surveys Ion a carefully selected
sample of 100 students distributed
across class levels and majors".
Garber said that by the end ofthe
semester the committee will have
narrowed down its consideration to
three or four models. He said that
the proposals will be judged by
SCUE according to the plans’
"feasibility", “intellectual
coherence", and fulﬁllment of a
"liberal education“.
“We spent one long session trying
determine our goals for a liberal
“cation” said Garber, 'and he
‘ntioned that some ofthose goals
are mastery of basic skills, research
techniques, creative and analytical
thinking, moral and ethical
judgment and social awareness.
Ilie 1977 SCRUE report
recommended that each SUNYA
undergraduate take a minimum of
nine credits in each of the three

Student Escort Plans

by Steve Oster

llie Student Escort Patrol
(SILI’) proposal will be facing a
difficult battle for funds and cannot
become a reality until next fall at the
earliest because it must conform to
budgeting procedures, according to
a iitcrno sent by Vice President for
Business and Finance John Hartigan
to the draftch of the proposal.

lliat mcmo has angered STEP
Reactivation Committee (Io-Chairs
l-red lircwington' and Douglas
l-i'eedman. they see the memo as an
attempt by the administration to
postpone determination of the issue
until after they graduate in May,
there by crippling the proposal due to
a litck of leadership.

"It's an insult,“ said Brewington.
"It goes against all that they're
supposed to be doing - ~ attending to
the needs and the welfare of the
student body.“

Ilowcvcr, Ilartigiin explained that

one day conference." he said.
t)‘l.ciit'y added his hope that the
group will prove to be productive.

Also involved in the steering
committee are Vice President for
University Affairs Lewis Wclcli and
one professor from each of the
‘llL'plllllllL'lllS of Sociology,
Geography, Economics, and

Business. Special Assistant to the‘

Vice President for University Affairs
William Seymour is also working
‘\\llll the group.

(Henry said that community

leaders could come from such areas

its labor unions, the Chamber of
Conference, area planning groups,
businessmen. and Social Agencies.
Ile added that it will be the
community's responsibility to
implement any plans the conference
may form.

llie steering committee is now in
the process ul'“doing its staff work,"
Holstein said, and will begin soon to
contact leaders iii the community to
solicit their interest.

 

Asslstint Vice Presldent for Academic Affalrs Helen Desfosses ls ehahdiig ii
group cvaluatlng the current degree requirements. (Photo: Karl Chan) .

colleges. The Curriculum
t oniniittee of the University
Academic Council rejected
hL'RUli's proposal and set about to
dcliiic academic goals in its own
til.lJl: report.

“I don‘t know why these proposals
didn't succeed,"0‘ Leary said, but he
added that lack of time was one of

any request for funding must go
through the normal channels.
Specifically, it must be drawn up
into a formal budgetary request and
submitted for review. His memo
explained that “there are no funds
available for consideration in the
current fiscal year l97ii-79.“

At a press conference on Tuesday,
MJNYA President Vincent O‘Leary
sitid that the chief stumbling block
lacing Sl'lill is the fact that the
budget is so strict that it does not
allow any new funding without
consistent cuts elsewhere.

"It‘s a zero-sum situation," he
said. "If we give here, we take from
there. We simply cannot do
everything, although we'd certainly
like to. Each pmposal, then, must be
evaluated relative to all others."

lliirtigaii first addressed the issue
two weeks ago, when O‘Leary,
responding to it SUNY Board of
lrustees request that he evaluate the

the problems prevented last year‘s
proposals from being implemented.

"I see the work of all these
conimiiiees as part of a building
process," said O'l.cary. “A project
lll\L' ttiis is an extremelyditlicult and
involved one, and the last thing we
want is a poorly developed
program."

Stalled

St lil’ proposal, asked Hartigan to
instruct Freedman and Brewington
Ill drawing up a formal request.

ACCUI‘dlllMI‘CCd man, when the
proposal was introduced at the
board meeting, “everyone was
behind us . . . Now they‘re giving us
a tremendous runaround. it's a slap
til the lace.“

According to the memo, “Any
new program . . . must vie with all
others. . .‘informulatingthc Budget
Request that is transmitted to
external agencies or in connection
with internal resource. allocation
decisions.“ It goes on to explain that
the latter process would occur in
connection with the l979-80
allocations, while the former would
be reviewed in connection with the
Who-ill budget.

" l licy‘re not being shuffled," said
Ilai'tigun. “They are asking for state
funds fora new program 7 -wc don‘t

continued on page five

 

Illuslness SehooLDean William llolsteln ls heading a committee which Is
plannlng conferences on local economic development. (Photo; Earl Chan)

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS .

.PAGE JHREE

 

 

