:_:“,."a.."“‘\,."-...~’..‘.-a. . . .

2': VMWM. —~\~—~‘ .

..-~n...

“mm..“'““

ATbousandTimes Nol.

yStevenlaepett" ' V 
'  'Coincide “ ‘a‘re'ofteninexplicableandone
cannot help but mam! at them. Such an
enigmatic but insightful event occurred last
week. I was patiently and methodically
counting my drawer of ‘No‘a when a book I
'_ had received from: friend fellfrom my desk to
the floor, narrowly missing my careful stack of
‘No‘s, This particular book, Eurothes‘ famous
underground Greek thesis “Perspectives of
‘ Life." fell open to his essay on the nature of
negation. I ceased my laborious totaling and
began to skim over the yellowed page(it being
an original edition). 0, how it seemed to stir
my very soul as he spoke of the importance of
:being neglected! After reading a few pages. I
hastily compiled my No‘s together and lit a
candle. wanting time to collect and reflect on
his and my thoughts. The outcome. soon to be
published by Time Inc. and previewed in the
. ’N.Y. Timestor perhaps the Washington Post).
is briefly stated here as it appeared in a
condensed version in January‘s Reader‘s
Digest. I am deeply indebted to Eurothes. est.
the ASP. Smith Corona, and humanity for
this great insight which I now humbly pass on
to you:
THE NO THEORY
by candlelight and Steven Bussctt
There are some very basic absolutes that
may be stated beforehand:
' I. There urea fixed amount of No‘sund Yes‘s
in the universe as we know it.
2. No's outnumber ch's by upprosutiatel)
1000 to one.
3. There are both good and bad means of
obtaining a No.
4. Different Nos.coming from different areas,
often appear coloristicly different. ie.
- Washingti‘fn Nos are gold-plated and are more
highly valued than your run-of-tlte-ttttll No.

Allow me to begitt with examples
concerning postulate 3. One could very easily
sit in the Campus Center between the home-
grown jewelry and bagels and politely inquire
to everyone who passed, “Would you please
give me all of your money?“ Naturally you
would soon pile up an awesome amount of
Nos and then be faced with the task of carting
thctn home. llut such silliness is deeply
frowned upon. lnane questions are simply not
the way to gather Nos.

A more sensible way would be to kindly ask
your roommate if he would please stop
playing Donna Summer's new album as you
have a headache the size of her moans. If he
gives you a No. you can attest to having
obtained it satisfactorily and will have no
quams about returning it to him when he

innocently asks is he my sleep in his room

toriight.: The distinction between honorable
and dastardly methods of obtaining Nos
should be readily lucid at this point.

‘Let'us now talk about the great American
way (GAW) of procuring Nos from your
fellow inhabitants. Very simply, it constitutes
the mere askingof an individual. usually of the
opposite gender. if he or she might want to
accompany you at a social event. Invariably.
you will obtain the much coveted No. And the
more Nos you have. the more you can dole
out. Imagine the power afforded to you! A
personal example is in order: Armed with an
extra ticket in the third row (I) of the Palace
Theatre fora very‘in‘ hand (no. not Fleetwood
Mac) I set out to get bushels upon bushels of
Nos and save them for a No binge later.
Virtually every girl I was aquaintcd with
supplied me with it No. I was delirious with
ecstasyll

Before long. I had compiled enough Nos to
last me well into December and the winter
recess. In fact. it is estimated that Suffolk
County received an excess of over 300 Nos
during the three week period between
semesters. Old friends were astounded at the
seeming nonchalance of my Nos. Don‘t you
ever run out of Nos. they would painfully
inquire. No. I would answer. grinning from
ear to car at their discomfort.

In regard to the stylisticallydifferentNos, let
it be known that I am one of the world's
foremost collector of Nos. My famous Nos
include rcd ribboncd No from Binghamton
University on the question of my acceptance.
one of Ford's famous white and gold ‘veto'
Nos. which I accidentally recci\ed from my
senator in return for a question concernittg
financial aid. and three red and green Nos
from the Suffolk County Motor Vehicle Dept.
Sometimes I colorcode my own Nos forcasy
reference. For example. Paul attd l exchange
so many Nos a day we simply use the same few
over and over. So we painted ours purple to
keep track of who has what.

Now. of course. too many Nos can be bad
for you. You see. the fact that Yes‘s are so
scarce tempts some people. For example.
when asking a female to engage in some social
situation with you. the possibility ofobtaining
a Yes may grow into an obsession so that upon
receiving the inevitable No. you fall into a
deep depression. This can be attributed to the
human psychological situation. and is known
in psychological circles as “Only kidding
yourself!“

In short. the power of the No should be
recognized. and is plainly illustrated by the
fact that. NO. I will not finiin this article.

vewpoi rat

(1 workln'gi"

together

To the Editor: . . v
We would like to take this opportunity to
express our appreciation to everyone who has
helped and supported Telethon 78.
Unfortunately. it is impossible to thank each
individual in such a small amount of space.
In eleven years. Telethon has grown to be
one of the few university-wide events on this
campus. This year we have made a conscious
effort to realize two important goals: to serve
as ti fund-raiser for a needy organization as
well as seeking to unite the university in a
common cause. This week-end will serve as the
culmination of many months of hard 'work by
the hundreds involved in attaining these goals.
Throughout the year Telethon has sponsored
many enjoyable events and has provided a
valuable service to the university. In doing so
we have never lost sight of the essence of
Telethon — children. The giving ofonc'stime.
effort and money in aiding a child in need is
deeply rewarding. The reward is intensified iii
a setting such as ours. One of the most
important features of Telethon is Children's
HourfSaturday morning. 9-I p.m.). We look
foward to greeting students. administrators.
faculty and their families at this cxcitingevent.
All those who have given any part of
themselves to Telethon ‘78 will have a great
deal to be proud of this week—end. For those
who have ttot yet involved themselves. it‘s
never too late! We would like to extend a
warm invitation to the university community
to join us tonight and tomorrow for twenty-
four hours of “Working Together Helping
lzoclt Other" at l'elethott '78.
Robin l’latt
Richard lalesnick
(.‘o-Cltairpcople-'l'elcthotf‘78

false
advertising

. To the Editor:

Today we had an experience which left us
rather distressed and which we would like to
bring to the attention of the academic
community.

We saw posted in the Humanities building a
notice advertising a lecture on “The
Psychology of Flirtation." We decided to
attend. To our disappointment we found the
lecture to be on the institution of courtly love
in the Middle Ages. It was somewhat of a
scholarly discussion concerning itself with

 

wHY Do we“ NEED ANY

small points and containing numerous

ﬁdetailed reference.

During the lecture many people rose and
quietly departed. We would have done the
“same but we felt some consideration was due

’the speaker, who probably expected to be

lecturing to people versed in and inlcrt‘stcd in
her field. She must have been as upset by in:
sight of people leaving, as we were upset.
having to sit through a lecture we weren‘t
interested in.

Obviously the sign we saw was totally
misleading and caused nothing httt lroublefor
the speaker and a waste of the time of
approximately half the audience. Needless to
say. we shall be less likely to attend announced
lectures in the future since we can no longerbc
sure that what we see is what will he pluenlcd
to us.

Mlltlt'llllt‘ Rolando
|)nt r) (tel'lcn

special
treatment

To the Editor:

According to the /i5/’. SM budget
committee proposes to emphnwe Ittlldltlg
those groups that benefit the most [mph It .5
to them that I ask the lolluntng .l-n-unons.
What hard data do you lime llt.tl plum lhztl
sottte organizations benefit lllc \lllti. 'lls more
and therefore should lime nu unit-nu Ill
funding? What data do you ha\e poem that
any group benefits the sllltlultls ts. Mid
therefore should be funded less} \\ n u hunt
data do you have that proves it gluttll unit in
the Outing Club provides iL'.\\ hetntn to it“
students than University (‘oneett N. .no'

It is obvious that SA's pl’tlptlslt! .tntmcs
tltat a small group ol'people illcgt'llilluu pit-at

._deal of funding. Based on this .thslllllplltlll \~\

would like to delete such it grow tnrqnnlnj.
However SA has no basis for then throw tn}
claim to be an authority on the Millie: l nnnt be
based only on experience. It is on tho .nrnunt.
in the absence of data. that l ltlll .I \ltllt'lltll
judge.

I base this on having spent loot mm .nnn
undergraduate at SUNYA. l‘or oncuutt inns
Editor-in-chicf of the student Imnllmok.
Viewpoint 75-76; for two yours 1 um l'tmdent
ofthe International Film (irottp. lllllx l Iccll
am as well qualified to speak on tht~ 'lltlllt'l to
anyone in SA.

It is in this expert opinion l‘:.tl men
University-wide events do not It‘l'tlt'wtll .t
cross section of the student popnintnin In
other words. most of the studeuh \tho pt to
concerts are the same ones it ho go lit-intently
Not only do they go often but do «I to the
exclusion of other forms of entelmntncnl

 

 

A5 A MEMBER OF some)
WE SPEomt, CommtTEE
T0 REVIEoJ THE uNDERennouATE
WWW. I'D LIKETO ANsuiElz

ANY OF YOUR QUESTIONS ABOUT
DtSl’RlBUnoM REQulQE-m

DISTRIBUTloN REQUIREMENTS
ARE FOR YOUR BENEFIT. THEY
REPRESENT AN ATrEmPrTo
BROADEN THE BORth PtND
EXPAN

DISTPoBUTloN REQUIREW?

 

 

 

 

town it'— t‘m FoRoED To
TAKE A crass THAT I
DISLIKE3wHATiF if
IT'S ovazcteooDED.

Bonnets AND THE P201;

IS TOTALLY APmHEttc, ‘h

NLOF wHtcH COULD Ham h

no A @0955 REQUHEEDFOR
THE ENTteE§TuDENrﬁoDY..

wELL,wHAT llama“
nonzeeeeee

 

 

R.BLUM

 

 

"‘“M e A rum-1..” ‘ a. . ‘
.s-u......u..:--.w........t........t.u.\:..... .

 

 

 

