 

 

 

 

columns ‘

 

 

 Food. Stamps

Food Stamps is a federally funded program
administered by the Albaiiy County
Department of Social'ServioeI’that enables
low income "households" to buy more food.
Many off campus students and some on
campus students are eligible. Call the Food
Stamp Program (47l-5863)and set up an
interview if you think that you qualify. It may
take two or three‘veelts to get an interview.
and it takes approximately 30 days from the
interview date to process an application. It is
generally not an emergency program—no one
is seen by the Food Stamp worker without an
interview appointinent. In some rare
circumstances emergency food stamps will be
issued. ‘

tn the legislation establishingthe program.
a “household” is (in part) deﬁned as a group
of unrelated people living together and
sharing everything —- rent. food purchase and
preparation -— as would a family. if. however.
a group of unrelated people living together
share in food purchase or preparation, then
the individuals involved may applyasseparate
households.‘ Students living on campus can
apply for food stamps if they are not on the
meal plan and if they have access to cooking
facilities. :

l'lie amount offood stamps allotted is based
on a household‘s adjusted monthly income.
Certain expenses. entirely or in part. may be
deducted from gross income. Some
educational costs. medical costs. and shelter
expenses. for example. tall into this category.
Ahousehoid‘s resources number of cars.
savings and checking accountsw—will be
considered. (There isa resource limit ofSl.500
per household.( After the interview.the social
worker will calculate your net income. Bring
to the interview documentation of your
household‘s resources. expenses and income.
A student must be emancipated (i.e.. will not
b'erclaimed on the parents‘ ,‘guardians‘ tax in
the current year) in order to be eligible for
food stamps. if the student is dependent. but
the family is/would be eligible for food

stamps. the student can apply for stamps for
him, hersell. A questionnaire will be sent to
the family to verify low iticome. Alicompictcd
questionnaires are confidential.

lhc Social Services Department is located
at 28 Howard Street. Albany. Again. bring as
much documentation as possibe to your
interview:

Income Veriﬁcation

l) Name. social security number. birthdate
and place of birth for each member of your
household is applying.

2) Name of employer. type of work. date
started. hours worked per week. tiumher of
dependents.

3) Most recent wage stubs for each

employed member of household. orstatement
from employer where wage stubs are not
available. indicating earnings for the four
most recent weeks.

4) if receiving unemployment imurance.
bring book.

5) Students—bring verification of ﬁnancial
aid. loans. grants. scholarships. etc. (Available
free ofcharge from the Financial Aide Office is
an official print-out of educational expenses
and how they are met. Do not just bring the
loan and grant stubs.)

6) if receiving workmen's compemation or
New York State disability. bring check or
letter. if receiving a company pension, bring
check. If receiving rental income. bring
receipts.

Resources

USavings account books. (Savings put
aside for future lixcd expenses—dent. for
example still count as resources.)

2) Checking account hooks. stocks and
bonds (bring these or letters from authorilitig
institution) and verification of any other
savings or liquid assets.

Expenses and Shelter Costs

l)(i:ts. electric. telephone and any utility
receipts.

2) Verification of illly large outstanding
medical hills which are being paid on an
otigoiiig. recurring basis. Any unusual
expenses such as losses dire to tire. theft. or
costs ol Iurierttls which are not covered by
insurance or donations.

J) If home owner. bring verification of
maorgagc payments (contract or payment
book). stubs tiotn trix hills or cancelled
cheeks. verification til tire and home
insurance.

4)Work rcltttcdcxpenscs receiptsforchild
cttrc it necessary for employman

it any item does not apply-to yoursitualion.
disregard it. It you cannot locate a required
item. tell this to the interviewer.

An utisucccsslul applicatit or any food
st amp participant may r‘equesta fair hearingif
he or she feels that a decision regarding the
awarding oi stamps is incorrect or unfair. Ari
applicant or parliciparit is responsible for
reporting immediately any change in the
status ol the household. batlure todothis may
result iii the loss of food stamps or in
prosecution.

For further information. call the local food
stamp office or the toll free NYS food stamp
information line i l-XOO-342-37l0). Also. pick
up the NYS pamplct on food stamps at the
locril office or at the Off-Campus
Association. L't'i iti 457-3427

 

li’t'lrri/ilt'zl/mm ()('A survival guide.

 

 

 

Hunger in Albany

To the Editor:

On Friday October 20th lventured down to
the Indian Quad dining hall only expectingto
have to tolerate the very nutritious and
tlavorless macaroni and cheese. and the dried
shoe leather that the menu euphemistically
called braised cube steak. What I didn'texpect
was that l was going to get a special treat.

Upon joining the abnormally short line for
salad, I heard someone admonishingthe fact
that we were getting extra meat in our salads
today. It was then. amidstcries of nausea.that
I discovered this extra meat was actuallyalive
cockroach. While watching this delectible
morscl scampering out of the salad and into
the chopped liver. I couldn‘t help thinking
how fortunate we were to have today's insects
fresh on the buff instead of frozen and buried
iti some dish of pudding (as indeed i once
found a fly. but as the old joke goes; it was
better than finding half a fly).

1 he appearance of insects in my food isthe
least of my Worries. l merely bring this to the
attention of UAS so as to give them time to
hide this matter before Geraldo Rivera does
an expose on SUNYA'S kitchens. What
bothers me even more is that this swill that
SUNYA calls food is forced upon us and we
must pay for it irregardless ofwhether we eat it
or not. The regulation which says that an on-
campus resident must buy at least dinner, is at
best. moronic.

i‘irst. why pick dinner to force on us, why

not iunch‘.’ Lunch provides more variety of
Ioods. and if you are sick of the greasy
hrtmburgcrs (usually served with cheese.
ketchup and Lestoil). or the other hot side
goodies. you always have the option of the
sandwich litre. Dinner menus (on the other
hand) graciously provide you with two entrees
t one had the other worse). These are given to
its on rt take it or leave it basis. Other SUNY
schools have each dining hall serving
something different for main courses.
providing the student with something the
administration hates to give us. a choice. i.
therclorc. find myself not being able to
tolerate the SU NYA meals that l was forced to
pay for. at least two times a week. So i am left
on these frequent occasions to pay a second
time for food that I will be able to stomach.
lhis makes me think that Mama Nina's
provides substantial bribes to UAS in ordcrto
keep this system. A system that forces the
student to pay for his or her meal two times.
One time to gag at and one time to eat. This is
an unneeded waste.

My sectitid point of contention with this
sySiL'ln is the fact that SUNYA provides us

with ovens in all our wonderful dorms. Ovens
that are hardly used now. if we did not haveto
take a meal plan we could. both save our
money and stomach linings by cooking on
these ovens‘ that are provided for our use
anyhow. The administration could then
further use their over-paid-for brains by
allowing “heating elements" (toaster ovens.
etc.) to be used in certain areas where danger
of accident is slight. This would then relieve
any over crowding of the school's ovens. It
also might add indueements to the great
portion of the school‘s population that are
using those "heating elements" under
hazardous conditions now (because they are
"illegal" and should be hidden) to usingthem
in more favorable. safer areas and conditions.
I‘m sure the administration will find that
regulating the use of toaster ovens and broilers
is more effective than denying that they ltrc
being used.
lsee no reason why we must be forced to buy
a' meal which i at least feel is garbage
(although cockroaches obviously enjoy them)
when there is a viable alternative. Indeed an
alternative that is less likely to lead to
malnurishment than eating SUNYA food
UAS should be told that you can't force feed
students. There is absolutely no reason for l or
anyone else to have to buy a meal plan simplr
because we live on campus. Especially wiicrr
we are given only one choice ofwhich meal we
must get, and one choice of menu. This policy
should be changed now!!!
Brian Kat.-

Grading Gripes

To the Editor:

Last year 1 read a letter by some
economics student in reference to an
exam where only three students out of eight)
in the class received a grade of A. i did not
think much of it and to reassure myself I
decided that this was the exception to the rule
increasingly. however i find that this is the
rule. Now with the present grade priiic)
(dropping before Oct. 27) we must keep our
courses until Nov. 1. i do not know how this
policy got through and i think that it stinks.
'l'he ironic thing is that l tliink thatl mayhrtie
voted for it. I remember some white piece of
paper with grading alternatives but the choice
that i wanted (dropping until the last week
with no W)was not there. Bear with me. there
is a way we can make it work.

ljust received a "distribution curve“ for arr
exam where three students go an A grade.
there were seven times a matiy B's. ten [lines
as many C's. seven times as many Us and
twice the amount of ES. The grading of this

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

001 “(mm moonlit?"

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

it: at r: L .

 

t

‘ .~ mac...- .c........... -r...'.‘.ln_'..'.- v'. .3. s ' 'M‘ ' '
. .. .  . . ‘ ' "' '

a r: to v r: [lit H c. rue, Urn.

"cl

1'.

 

 

“.1 l ' ‘----lv -. I 

The Humane: brought the protest of punk
to the Hullabaloo last Wednesday.
See page 20
The Last Chance Soloon's the place to
get away from all the talking.

 

See page 30

 

 

 

. Wt.»ngsz

ll
“vammmnm

 

J . . ... . . ..-.. “was...wt.....;..:.:;f't

 

