new... n---.s.,.~n ~ ‘

. “a. «a... .

 

 

:

i.
i
i

 

4 Albany Student Press

Charlie

Daniels

And Dicky Betts

  

Ramblin’ And R0 kin’

At Saratoga

 

From the noise that they generated it
seemed that every sodkicking, whiskey
swillivq, honorary son of the Great State
of Tennessee north of the Mason-Dixon
and east of the Mississippi was on hand
Sunday night at SPAC to pay tribute to
that King of the Midnight Riders, Charlie
Daniels.

They drifted in slowly, Confederate
flags moving lazily in the afternoon wind,
ten gallon hats shading the glare from the
setting sun. While the crowd size might
not have come close to some concerts in
sheer numbers, it certainly rivaled the
most populus in terms of enthusiasm.

By seven-thirty the crowd was ready to
hear something that they could stamp
their feet, move their arms and pump
their lungs to. Dicky Betts was a made-to-
order prescription.

 

Jonathan Hodges

 

The former premier guitarist for the
Allman Brother's Band showed that he
still has the technique that made him one
of the most imitated guitarists of the early
70’s. Using a well rounded song list that
showed his versatility in blues, boogie
and southern rock, Betts brought the
crowd to their feet several times with
such Allman Brothers' classics as
"Jessica."

After a solid hour of tremendous guitar
picking that threatened to steal the show
from Daniels, the crowd jumped to their
feet and deafened with their cries for
more. Betts returned and responded with
a faithful rendition of the Allman
Brothers' standard “Ramblin’ Man."
While loyalists shouted for an additional
encore, Betts, smiling and waving,
walked off the stage.

The only fault to be found with Betts’
performance was weakness in vocals; yet
Betts himself seemed to realize his
limitations and his selection of songs
reflected this. Absent were those tunes
with the intricate lyrical harmonies; Betts
seemingly content to let his guitar sing for
him.

The 15 minute set-up break between
acts seemed no more than a pregnant
pause in a non-stop concert. When
Daniels stepped out on stage there was
no loss of emotion from the frenzied peak
to which Betts had brought the crowd.
Daniels immediately reached back into

 

fourth encore.

   
  

 
   

Photo by Jonathan Hodges

 

his repertoire and pulled out several old
classics that won even the most casual of
listeners.

The music was loud but the mix was
good. Unlike Daniel's old recording
buddies, The MarshallTucker Band, who
had some technical problems three
weeks ago, the vocals were
understandable and the guitar leads were
crisp. The sound of the group's double
drums gave an unbelievable bottom to
the music, allowing the bass to wander
occasionally, providing underlying solos
to the lead instruments, especially the
keyboards.

Yet above all, the one major
consideration about Sunday's concert is
that Daniels put on a great show. The
band was loose and seemed to enjoy
performing, while Daniels ciowned
around on several songs, notably his pop
hit, "Uneasy Rider,” which was
highlighted by frequent vocal ad-libs.

When Daniels finally pulled out his
fiddle, to the delight of the impatient
crowd, a troupe of six Nashville square
dancers promenaded and do-see-doed
around thestage. By now the SPAC crew
was having a hard time keeping back the
dancing and screaming crowd from
edging their way nearer the stage.

The three encores were the highlights
of the evening as Daniels highlighted the
band in the first, brought back Betts for a
solid three minute guitar solo, and then
had the dancers return for the finale. The
crowd never sat down and there may still
be a few people left, screaming for a

 

Fleetwid Mac

 

 

 

  

Fleetwood Mac brought their ofttimes
refreshing, always profitable music to
SPAC last night. They played to 30,000
fans clamoring for Mac's SWeet melodies,
driving rock, and just about anything that
would justify the sardinelike
accomodations of the next three hours.

Amidst the backdrop of fields so
trampled upon that they would not be
suitable for grazing for decades, the
British~American group opened with
“Monday Morning”, a spriter number off
of the Fleetwood Mac album. They then
launched themselves into a tightly
constrained rendition of “The Chain", a
song which embodies the potential for an
awesome energy that was just not
realized. This seemed to earmark the rest
of Mac’s performance. They never cut
loose, lacking the power, intensity, and
sheer volume that brings a frenzied
audience to its feet begging for more.

 

Howie Charles

 

The response to their softer works
(“Oh Daddy”, "Landslide", “Songhird'd
was polite and respectful. However, the
assured crowd pleasers (“Go Your Own
Way", “Rhiannon”, “Dreams”, “Second
Hand News") which would normally lead
to rhythmic clapping and furious toot
stomping, were just too pallid to sustain
that sort of reaction.

This is not to say that Fleetwood Mar
was bad. Their music would never allow
for that. However, with Mick Fleetwood
and both McVies scrunched into one
corner of the stage and Stevie Nicks
incessantly trekking backstang to
quench her thirst and try on another of
her grandmother’s shawls, that left only
Lindsay Buckingham to carry on the
show. And carry on he did. Dancing.
shuffling, playing masterful guitar, and
even coaxing John MC Vie out of his

 

Photo by Glen Rabbe

corner for a head to head guitar
confrontation.

The other major flaw in last night's
performance stemmed from Stevie
Nick’s vocal problems. Plagued by
recurrent soreness, Miss Nicks' voice
retained its characteristic sultriness.
However, her ability to reach the higher
octaves and her power to project
appeared to fail her at times throughout
the performance. She compensated
either by injecting notes which fell short
of the appropriate register or by simply
altering the song to conform to the
limitations imposed by her larynx. in any
case the flawed voice of the group's
primary songstress could not help but
effect both the quality and the emphasis
of her material.

Curiously, they only played two songs
from their upcoming album, a sensuous
Nicks creation entitled “Sister Goes to
the Moon" and a compelling number by

Lindsay Buckingham. It was nice to be
spared the deluge of new songs that a
performer characteristically heaps upon
the audience in an effort to promote his
latest album.

Another oddity was the conspicious
absence of “Don't Stop." it was the
bettor's choice for the fourth encore, but
when the group packed it in after three,
the audience could only heed the song's
lyrical advice "start thinkin‘ about
tomorrow".

So when it was all over and the house
lights went up and 30,000 rock fans
descended on the parking lots, and air of
contentment seemed to pervade, Yes,
Fleetwood Mac was totally pleasing and
utterly satisfying. But somehow from one
of the premier American bands of the-
1970’s with 25 million albums behind
them, one could only have expected
something more.

 

 

 

Albany Student Press 5

Crosby, Stills And Nash

 

In considering the past history of part-
time supergroup Crosby, Stills, Nash and
Young, one could hardly have predicted
that they would be where they stand now.

One of the most popular acoustic/rock
groups of the late sixties, and perhaps the
one most associated with that particular
idyllic zeitgeist, CSNY have gone
through a fascinating series of reunions
and dispersions over the past decade.

Early in 1977, out of the most bitter
period they had seen, came the reunion
of three of the four. Their subsequent
album, CSN, provided an extraordinary
synthesis of the introspective narcissism

 

Ken Kwartler
and Ava Safran

 

of their early work with the limiting
realism of the present day. Their
characteristically intricate harmonic and
acoustic backdrops mixed with a greatly
advanced approach to electric musrc
made CSN the largest selling album the
group has ever had.

In the past year, little has been heard
from CSN. Perhaps manifest inthe reviv-
ed success, the complacency of the
seventies seems far-reaching. In 1969,
songs like “Almost Cut My Hair" and
"Chicago" cried of social outrage. This
year the trio were on the cover of People
Magazine, appeared at the Grammy
Awards in tuxedoes and received a star in
their name on Hollywood Boulevard.

The Stills solo album (produced by
Nash) due out in March never arrived,
and a live Crosby/Nash album, reieased
to fulfill album cotrnnitments to two
separate companies, could hardly be
considered the best material or the best
performances the duo has produced.

With a new album out in December,
CSN are on a tour which brought them to
Madison Square Garden Saturday night,
and to SPAC on Monday night.

The two shows were markedly
different. The complex harmonies CSN
are well-known for have rarely been as
moving in live performance as on their
albums. However, at the Garden Satur»
day night they were flawless. Every song
in their 90 minute acoustic set had the
Garden on its feet as the three stood
around one microphone building on each
other's vocals. Joni Mitchell’s guest
appearance with the group produced
such a unified sound, it became difficult
to separate the voices.

At SPAC, a somewhat shorter show
was marked by a lively and powerful elec-
tric set, and the extraordinary guitar
work of Stephen Stills.

The Garden show opened with an elec-
tric set, then resumed after an intermis‘
sion with Stills' guitar opening up “Suite
Judy Blue Eyes,” each note so well-
blended,‘ the audience was on its feet
after every verse. With each song their
vocals became more and more intertwin-
ed. Each of the three then did a set of his
own, in which the individual talents of the

artists became clear.

Crosby's songwriting hasn't really
stood out since the Wind on the Water
album, but his vocal capacity seems the
greatest of the three.

Graham Nash is perhaps most respon-
sible for the trio‘s re-uniting and one can-
not help but admire the tales of his
altruism and selflessness. His live perfor-
mance has always been extraordinary;
his spontanaeity and flexibility thorough-
ly impressive. He is able to command a
song as well as he is able to blend.

Stephen Stills is by far the big surprise
here. His live performances have aIWays
been nothing short of awful a hislack of
elocution, enthusiasm, expressive lyrical
phrasing and his antagonism toward his
audience has often been unparallelled. At
SPAC Tuesday night, he was incredible.
The phenomenal guitar work on his
albums has finally been borne out by its
creator. His solos were the heart of what
his performances had always lacked.

Stills was downright jovial, clowning
with Crosby, tossing flowers during“Our
House," and sleazing seductively on the
piano a la Mae West as Nash performed.
He knew he was cooking, and if fired him
up incredibly, as he singlehandedly made
the SPAC show the finest electric perfor
mance I've seen the hand give.

However, the tour is not without its
faults. In fact, the major complaint might
be its great similarity to last year's tour,
practically down to the order of the
songs. Though the performances were
much better, the material was basically
the same. During Nash's set on Saturday
night, he was bothered by shouts for
“Chicago,” and barked back, “Won't you
ever let me forget Chicago?" He laugh-
ed, then addetl,”lt's not that we don't like
the. old songs, it's just that we've got so
many new ones." Agreed, but the show
hardly demonstrated this. The crux of
the show is the first two albums, each ten
years old.

Beyond this, despite line shows on
both nights, the spontanaeity that has
always marked CSN's live shows seemed
strangely absent. An ordered show, tight-
ly arranged numbers, and the addition of
synthesizers and extensive percussion
work is more characteristic of the Las
Vegas professionals who tour on
reputations long past.

Fortunately, Crosby, Stills and Nash
have succeeded in not succombingto the
conflicting demands placed on them to
both fill a now exaggerated image and to
continue to progress as artists. This
week’s performances were more than
satisfying, and they collectively show the
trio's extraordinary ability in both electric
and acoustic modes. For now, they have
struck a near—perfect balance, and
however delicate it may turn out to be,
Crosby, Stills and Nash have re-
established themselves with work that
has not only elevated their genre, but
defined it as well.

 

 

