 

‘H

   “Hm”... ....L_,W44W

~m v..t-...v“~r<-m_i-:x

.. .- . .  . .
WWWAvam-nw-VMW

“Lolita

corona :7; 1m

   

 

Entertainment Enterprises

presents
“Ono Mellon Undor-ll-Groovo Dlsco"

Campus Cantor Ballroom
’

l Q
(ﬁll College Mlxer) Quentin, /?
United)

For information
contact Staton at 489-4380
or SA and ASUBA offices

Friday Nov. 10
9:00 pm until

tickets
$2.50 w/tax card
$3.00 w/o

Buses to the Rafters
Fri. Nov. 3
Sponsored by Pledge Class

Delta Sigma Pi
9mm o/itmo W W 37m
and 335“ W! ﬁn gale mar o'n

em W W 92am.» m.
Depart: Behind Campus Center 9:00
Return: From Rafters approx. 2:00AM

.gomea/ndtyﬁwzea W gm.”



cwmnllQ and crisis center
My M “M M. "
4M ml It'me

WI My,

call 457-5300 33333"

serVices are available to all members of waded by
the university community-free of charge student association I

sponsored by SA and ASUBA

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
   
 
   
   

or drop by our ofﬁce:
Room 102

 

,\.\’t
o

I.“ l.

\ \_ l

     
  
  
    
  

 

u a earin _ 
Lu  (Sfﬂlﬁga  min
tth ﬁlm?” Nlt‘es‘ '
ocoilONtﬁ‘isembl Hall

ge‘ﬁli-3ELIL(\VBSOH" 3‘46 PM .
Re res manta

Admission ‘.

  
 
   
 
  

'0 ONE OFAMERlC’Pt‘S J

50¢ w Tar: .
$1_w//o’..+tc+teno , _. FiNESTcLuB a
' ﬁgOLLE f'. -

m L. c " "-
 Mar—iii.“ '1‘  _

 

 

he University Art Gallery in
SUNYA‘s Fine Arts building,
with its high ceiling and bright
overhead lighting. carpeted
floor. and many lightly-
curtained windows ﬁlled with autumn
sunshine was an appropriate setting for
Sunday's recital of the Flute Sonatas of
J.S. Bach by ﬂutist lrvin Gilman.

J.M'. Reilly

Gilman is the principal ﬂutist of the
Albany Symphony Orchestra, as well as a
member of SUNYA‘a music faculty.
Sunday‘s concert was in the same mold as
(iilman‘s “pillow concerts" of last year.
with no admission charge and an
informal atmosphere, though chairs were
provided for this one.

For the first selection. Gilman
announced simply that he would play one
movement from the E Major sonata with
harpsichordist Don Haines Guidotti.
(iilman and Guidotti played the third
movement of" the sonata. the siciliano.
which consists of a soft slow melancholic
flute theme restated several times during
the short movcnienrt. strikingin its gentle
simplicity.

The ﬂute theme seems a slender. lyrical
thing. gently supported by the
harpsichord continuo. that each time it
rccurrs. seeks to call you back to
something. to affirm something with a
gentle insistence.

At the completion of the E Major
siciliano, Gilman and Guidotti began a
powerful rendition of the ﬁrst two
movements of the Sonata in A Minorfor
Unaccompanied Flute.

The A Minor is actually a suite. with an
ullemandc in perpetual motion, which
calls for superb breath control. This isj ust
one oft he more obvious reasonsthe piece
can only be donejustice to byavinuoso.
The melody is a series of rapidly rising
and falling notes. conjuring up an image
of the fluttering movement of a leaf
falling for a great distance through
shofting winds.

The sound of the solo ﬂute took on a
haunting quality as it rose to the high
ceiling of the gallery, the echoing
acoustics making the flute a solitary
voice spreading out to fill a vast empty
space. The final strident note of the
movement, at the end ofa rapid uphill run
of notes seemed a cry of rebellion against
the surrounding void.

The second movement. the corrente.
was lighter and less lonely. It seemed
more structured and less impassioned
than the allemande.

(Jilman returned with Guidotti for
the C Major Sonata. which is one of the
three Sonatoas for Flute and Continuo

 

 

 

 

"Flute Sonata

composed by Bach around 1729. None of
these works contain a fully-realized
keyboard part, but more of a ﬁgured bass
to be played by the harpsichordist.

The piece was a classic example ofthe
more decorative works of the Baroque
period and contrapuntal style that has
become synonamous with Bach‘s name in
the minds of most people..

The ﬂute and harpsichord appear to
move along parallel, not distinct thematic
paths. falling into coincidence on
particular notes and passages. creating a
complex. richly colored tapestry of
interwoven themes.

From a slow. introductory andante. t he
piece takes ,you through a perky presto.
into two menuets, the tight, metallic
strains of the harpsichord offsetting the
fluidity of the ﬂute. The sound is
something straight out of a seventeenth-
century drawing room. ﬁlled with wiggcd
and rufﬂed men and coiffcd and corsetted

women.

The lyrical adagio was followed by a
sprightly allegro. the harpsichord
running along, while the ﬂute, bird-like,
ﬁitted in and otit. touching each note of
the harpsichord and darting an additional
note inbetween the sounding of the
keyboards.

After a brief intermission, keyboard
virtuoso Findlay Cockrell joined Gil man
for the ﬁnal Sonata in B Minor. probably
the best known of Bach's ﬂute sonatas.$

The B Minor opens with a long
andante. striking in its melodic richness.
The diversity and ingenious reworking of
its several themes. coupled with an ever-
tightening contrapuntal web, make this
movement a rich and complex listening
experience.

This complexity can sometimes make
Bach‘s music seem cluttered. as though
there is just too much there. too much
going on at once. But when you learn
how to listen to it properly, you realize
that the clutter is actually ﬁnely crafted
and immensely logical complexity. and it
is this that gives Bach's music its richness.

At times dring this movememcnt, i
think Cockrcll may have added to the
cluttered impression a bit. because his
emphatic harpsichord was so very much
there. at times a little too much so. Bach‘s
harpsichord usually tends to be more laid
back. supportive of the featured
instrument. not competitive. Findlay. a
superb interpreter of Beethoven. may
have gotten his Big B's a bit tangled.

The energetic andante was followed by
a quieter. more pastoral largo.
Throughout this warm and relaxing
movement, Cockrell's playing was lighter
and mre reserved. The harpsichord
follows at just a half—step behind the ﬂute.
taking on a down-winding music box
quality. each notc or chord tinged with a
finality that says it might be the last, and
you hang on until the next one sounds.

In the final presto-allegro. we're back
to a tightly structured counterpoint
again. featuring a continual interweaving
and repetition of themes. which are
introduced by the flute, and then picked
up by the harpsichord. The ﬂute and
harpsichord are perfectly opposed, so
that the contrast serves to illuminate
both.

(iil man said that he has always wanted
to play all the Bach flutc sonatas together,
hence this twoconcert series. in Sunday‘s
concert he was to play the C Major. E
Major. and ii Minor sonatas, along with
the first two movements of the A Minor
Sonata. He is scheduled to play the
remaining sonatas this Sunday. October
29. at 3 pm. to conclude the series of'cighi
sonatas,

 

 

 

 
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
   
  
  
   
  
  
    
 
 
  
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

scordtngs

| .
frequently, but with greater emphasis
when used. ‘

“Madness” is another of the strongest
cuts. and is arresting in its brilliance. The
music is fast paced, and the piano is
frenzied, and the lyricist Gary Osborne's
words match perfectly to the madness
raging in the music that Elton composed.
Osborne's words are less socially stinging
that Taupin‘s were. and lack the rich
imagery that Taupin loved so much. Yet
they have a warm simpicity that comes off
very well. and the switch hasn't seemed to
hurt any part of Elton's presence, assome
might have thought.

The other notable number is titled
“Song for Guy". and is entirely
instrumental. Obvious classical inﬂuence
helped create this massive cut. a tribute to
a seventeen year old boy who died
tragically. Elton, as a writer of great
music. proves his skill in this moving and
touching melody. Elton. as the musician,
also proves his skill as he displays his
talents on the mellotron. the polymoog. a
string syntliesilcr. and of course. the.
piano too.

The other eight cuts round out the
album. “Shine on Through" is a pretty
ballad in the same vein as “Don't Let the
Sun (it) Down on Me." “Big Dipper”. on
the other hand. is an uptempo Dixieland
jal/ influenced hopper. with some funky
piano work. and a good supporting horn
section. Elton also included in this LP a
homespun gospel number. called
“Georgia”, which sounds like a nice
combination of “Country Comfon" atid
"Where‘s the Shoorah" off of his Blue
Mover Ll’. And with “Shooting Star".a
brccly ballad. Elton has shown us what
Billy Joel might be striving for in his rock-
ja/I.—pop synthesis.

If any of the cuts had to be called weak.
they would be two songs found back to
back on side one. Their main drawback is
the very thing Elton wants to avoid; they
sound like they‘ve been done before. and
done by himself. “Return to Paradise"
has a weak tune and tritc words, and was
efuscd to give up his basic inputs.'namely Ctt-‘iily “Uldonc by "Chameleon": a Cl“ 0“
he band. Taupin and Dudgcon. in light of Blue Mover. which itself is not
f that failure, Elton realized that the outstanding. “1 Don‘t Carc"is an upbeat
cceSSary change would have to be disco throw in. with loud string, and
omplcte -— new everything. many repeating choruses. A commercial
To allow himself time to adjust. and attempt by Elton at this point in his life
'vc the public the necessary respite they Sccms unwarranted Md Silly, in “Ehl 0f
ceded, he wisely waited two years before his past success.
cording and releasing A Single Man. The “‘5‘ Single, by the Wally i5 3 Song
he result is what John strove for: A new llcal'cd “Parl'llmc Love-u “‘5 an Upbeat
und that is different enough to avoid “lumber Wllh 1‘ Vny CH‘Ch)’ lunciand isn't
pcmion, and some much“ of [he Old really a fair indication ofthe sound on A.
' lton that are welcome under the isyl’llll" Ma”-
rcumsmnces‘ if you never liked Elton John, then
Indeed, the cover itself is a clever sclf— you Pmblﬂbly W011" 515'“ “OW- Bl" if
rody depicting the “new Elton", with sometime during the last ten years you
‘ ntactlcnscs, and in an an black'overly found something in his huge catalogue
' , renc lordly outfit. What a change from “Walling. ltom "Your Song" 10 “151804
c Elton oftWOyearsago.withﬁfty pairs Girl“, then this album should contain
outrageous glasses. and a different musicthatyou'lllikc. Elton breaksno new
[ﬁt forjusl about every publicity shot, ground here: there is no earth shattering
nd his music. as his image. grows up l'tmllrc-‘isivc sound 0“ A Single Man'
0. Rather the sound here is a fresh and
vibrant one. performed with adroitness

  
    
 

“A Slnglo Man"
Elton John

wo years after the release of
the disappointing Blue Moves
LP, Elton John has returned
with his first studio recording
since then,titled ASi’ngle Man.
ith this LP. Elton has finally broken
fly from the stagnant rut he had found
mself injust a short time ago.

. y Gissen
g .l The title is appropriate; one
 ninicdiately notices that his long-time
'3 , riend and lyricist’Bernie'l‘aupindoes not
ippcar on the album at all. for the first
imc ever. Also gone is Gus Dudgeon.
olin's producer for almost every
previous album. And yet there are more
hungcs. The back-up band is an entirely
new one. with an emphasis shift to the
piano. as opposed to a fuller rock ‘n roll
band sound. The album was recorded in
England. another surprising change. and
for the first time ever, Elton composed the
music before the words were written, the
reverse of his and Bernie's previous
system.
Before the release ofB/ue Moves, Elton
calizcd that he had taken his sound to its
ullest use. and openly admitted that in
order for him to go on, change would be
ceded. With Blue Moves, Elton.
ttcmpted to change his sound. but

The album contains eleven songs, of
[ ich three are noticeably brilliant after and CttthSiﬂsm‘
' j j ‘1 one listen. “[1 Ain't Gonna be Easy" is Elton John has indeed been through an
eight and a half minute opus of elaborate career. He has been a superstar
trained pOWer and down to earth blues of grand proportions, and just like every
.. k. Elton's voice is the focal point. superstar he climbed up and then the
orig and domineering, as it is on most public let him down. Elton's realization of
this LP. A|so featuer is some excellent this led him to the change we hear now. In
tar by Tim Renwick. in a style never most respcts, this album is the start ofa
‘ ore heard on an Elton album. With completely new phase for Elton played
, I ..- guitarists Davey Johnstonc and with the great skill this man achieved in
lcb Quaye, the gum" sound was very his past career. l'm glad to welcome Elton
. but the solos lacked great emotion John back, minus the specks and the frills
I driv¢:I on this cut, and on the album and the pomp and the circumstance ofliis
a whole. the guitar is used less past, with A Single Man.

 

 

It Should Be Shot! ’

 

If you,“ P‘Yiﬂq‘ [551' Pni'éeifbii 
YW'“ twins Too much:

We'll qivc you 10 To 750/0
off Publisheit's Pale:
on W in OUR stone.

5.4

All TIIE Time. h l,

 

 

 

 

coon-t Auntie. 5)
“TM Aardvark Dlscount Books
g 'Century II Mall
' Albany. New York 12206
Grand 6
"Mo" Ll-A'all Entrance 459—826
Alrdﬂrlt Hours: Mon-Sat. 10-9 Sun.'12-5

 

 

 

 

 

,(shrdents federal)
LOf-I NS!

Low cost student loans are now available from your Credit
Union. Applications are now available at the Credit Union
Window (Next to U.A.S. Check Cashing).

()ur /on' I'(llt'.\' (ll't' It'll a month (I202, Annually)

(‘ome on down or call for information: ‘
Loan Ofﬁcers: Russell Perkins. David J. Schwartz (457-3060)
(iary Schatsky 7-7714

lti incinbt-i. m- iitfci excellent iiitcicst rates. lrcc check cashing and much more.

Students are our buslnosslll [Wed by

.rlutlenl association

 

 

«

 

Touire,   

8pm.

NATIONAL LAMPOON
RADIO HOUR

ALBUMS ‘N' SPAM

Sn. 8pm.

Mon. 0pm.
til Bil

 

 

Seniors '

 

(For the yearbook. of course)
Sign up now at the CC Info Desk
for Portrait Sittings-
Mon, Oct. 30
-Fri, Nov. 3

 

 

$2.00 Slltlng Foe Charged.

 

 l
- fwll

 

 

 

 

U... H. wummwuunwuw 1». .u... .

 

, 'u;i<vb -..-. as... 1 1,.

 

