  

 

‘(eornerot

   

  

rot, Easy Writers
new posters, '

  
  

  

tossed ny gotcha-cover.“ with this adl

  

 

mon. thun.
hi. "-9 set. [-6

    

_ and  heed  in the til-city ores.
Newgtteina ' N.Y,.r State. Rolling Papers. Hustler X-rated papers.
INITAIOACH (roachcltp a paper in'onef). tarot cards. books on

‘ tationery(a take-oft on Easy Rider rolling papers),

(sale items Ilcllldgd)

 

 

 

cahrinuedfroni page one. .
j the air. It's going to be particularly
acute for the Music Department."

» Schmidt said he didn‘t think the
restrictions on reserve room copies

.'.woutd pose problems. even though

in some cases there will be only one

i copy of a publication fora large class

of students.

“On the basis of figures we have
here on reserve room usage. we don‘t
believe the law will do us any
grievous harm.” he said.

Halsey said he didn't think the law
would cause great changes in the
inter-library loan service. which _
sometimes involves the copying of
articles not'avaitable to a user at
another library.

Halsey also agreed that it will
probably have a small impact on in-
dividuals doing copying on a small
scale.

“if one is going to do one's own
copying and not going through a

 

 
 

    
 

"  She'ioves him.

 

 

 

 

 

Paramount Pictures Presents A first Artrsts Production

Henry Winkler is "The One and Only"

 

 

Steve_ Gordon and David V. Picker

 r Soundtrack album available on ABC records and Girl is
c)t97li Pertinent Pictures Corporitron. All Rights Howie?

SIAHIS Mint/twin Mt‘t‘
lithAV '

 

PAGE TWO

H admires her te. v

. u ' Kim Darby Gene Saks
William Daniels Harold Gould Hervé Villecliaize Written by
Steve Gordon Executive Producer Robert Hatmi Produced by
Directed by Carl Reiner

1

 
     
 

 

J

ALBANYSTUDENTPRESS

L acy, then there may be no
problems. but i think people will
lean over backwards to comply gwith
the law in those cases where copying
records will be kept." he said.

Nuclear Satellites
May Be Dangerous

WASHINGTON (AP) Energy
Secretary James “ L' ' U said
Sunday it is inappropriate for
satellites containing nuclear reactors
to orbit the earth.

But he said he didn‘t know
whether nuclear-equipped satellites
could be banned effectively.
Schlesinger was commenting on the
Soviet spy satellite which fell frortt
orbit Tuesday with a nuclear reactor
aboard.

Meanwhile. U.S. and Canadian
search officials said they believe
radioactive debris from the Soviet
satellite has been pinpointed in
Northwest Canada.

Mahlon (iritcs. a Nevada-based
scientist with Schlesingcr‘s
department. said that a spectral
analysis has tentatively identified a
higher-tltan-normttt radioactive
reading near Fort Reliance itl thc
Northwest l'crritorics as being from
a piece of the satellite.

“there may well be i‘rtdrottctric
pieces." Schlesinger said. "i don‘t
know how dangerous yet. there is
very little daylight iii the North rtt
this time of the year."

Schlesinger made his comments in
tin rippcarrincc on AitC- | V's "Issues
tlllti Answers."

lie was asked whether the United
States should push for an agreement
with the Soviet Union to prohibit
nations trorri sending tip nuclear
reactors with their earth-orbiting
\ctrictcs.

"I would prefer to leave that
particular question to the
Department of State." tic replied.

"flirt there are serious hti/rirds.
and t regard it its inrrpproprrritc to
have rtuclcar rcrictors orbiting the
earth.

“I think that it all powers were to
agree on that. that such events could
be avoided in the future. but there‘s
no possibility of that unless the
Soviets were to agree to cease using
this particular form of satellite."

And he said he did not know how
a ban could be worked out.

"that is itot prtrt of international
law.“ be said.

Friday. t’residcnt Cttrtcr criticized
the Soviet Union for not supplying
the Urtrtcd States with more
information about the failing
tittclcrtr-powctcd spy stitellilc.

 



 
 

 
   
  
   
    
   

 

Vaccination Against Russian Flu Considered
WASHINGTONMP) The risksfrom dying of inﬂuenza are 1.000 tinm
greater than the risks of dying from vaccination. a government health official
said Monday. Dr. William Foegc. director of the Centerfor Disease Control
CDC. made the assertion to a'panel of experts considering whether to
recommend a mass inoculation campaign against the Russian ﬂu. 'l'hc nctv
ﬂu strain broke out in Cheyenne. Wyo.. recently and is expected to spread
later this winter or next winter. The swine ﬂu inoculation campaign of I976
came to a rapid halt after some persons who were inoculated contrrtctcd
Guiltain-Barre Syndrome. a paralyzing-disease that can fetid to death. the
swine ﬂu epidemic never occurred.

Coat Supplies Dangerously Low

(AP) Coal inventories at utilities in many Eastern and Midwest states arc in
dangerously low levels and mandatory power curtailmcrrts might ht-
unavoidable. federal and utility officials said Monday. “A lot ofmctistrrcs ill’t‘
being taken to stretch the coal supplies as far as possible. but there is orin so
far they can be stretched.“ said Alex Gakncr. a coat expert for tire l:.S.
Department of Energy. “A lot of people are beginning to get quite ncruttts."
The United Mine Workers strike. approaching its eighth week. combined
with bitter cold and record-setting snowstorms hrtvc reduced fuel invcntorrct
at utilities serving millions of people in states dependent on coal front tarrstcr n
mines.

Carter Urges Satellite Restrictions

WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter said Monday he futon an

agreement with the Soviet Union to prohibit the launching of lowtlyrrig
‘ "" carrying ' 'u materials. He said such a pact should be

permanent unless a failsafc system can bc devised to prevent recurrence of tile

episode in which a Russian satellite plunged back into the atmospheri- incl

northwestern Canada. “if we canitot cvolvc ttiosc fuitsrifc methods. then i

think there ought to be a total prohibition against earth orbiting sutcllrtcx'

with nuclear materials aboard. Critter told it nationally hrtitttfctist |lt'\\\
conference.

lsraoll- Egyptian. Talke‘to Resume

.lERUSAl.l-ZM (AP) tsraet-Egyptitin military talks airncd rrt working out .i
formula for an lsracti pullout from the Sinai t’cninsutu will resume ittL'\tl.t\
night in Cairo. lsracl announced today. A government statement mud
Defense Minister Ezer Wei/mun and his negotiating tcatn will leave I or (turn
lucsday morning. wherc Weizmnn will face his Egyptian counterpart.
Mohamed Abdel (ihany (iamassy. the military talks recessed .lrin. llrrr
deadlock ovcr thc future of tire 20 Jewish settlements established ht fSl'ltL‘l tn
the Sinai Desert. .

Discrimination Suit Against State Police Settled
ALBANY NY» (Al’) the strife has settled a discrimination sriit rtgtitttxt US
state police rcertriting practices by proinisingto add 20 tltctttbcts of ttttttotrl\
groups lliltl four women to its newest class of troopers. llic Ditrsron of Stutt-
t’riticc said Monday. the division has bccrt delayed by the ltttistrrt rrr sl.tllr rr.L'
training fora new grottp of troopers for rtiorc than fotrr niorrtlis iltr' ti.l\\
wrlt bcgiti training on l‘ch. 20. In addition totlic 150 whoortgrnnlly tllttlililk'li
for the class by placing first in competitive cxartiinrrtions. the dr\ Isiott rrgrt-ui
to add 12 blocks. cigtit Hispanics and fotir women. that agreement St'llit'li .r
lawsuit filed against the state police by the U.S. .ltrsticc Dcprrrt merit in
September. accusing the division of ittcgcnl discrimination.

Death Penalty Bills Gain Support

ALBANY. N.V. (Al’) Senate Minority Leader Warren Anderson. \tlro \ttlt'tf
to repeat the death penalty f] years ago. formally rinnounccd ills sirpporl
Monday for rt dearth-penalty bill similar to one iittrrrdticcd by his opt""" “1
for t he Republican gubernatorial nomination. l’crry Durycti. Andi-er x-Illl
that u rcttirnto capital punishment “rrtccts the otcrwlrclinrrig sentiment of Hit
people of this state." llufh bills would allow the execution of pt'lwlh
convicted of murder in it limited number ot'cir‘ctinisttinccs such its llltlillt‘l
for hire. rittirdcr of ti policeman or prison gtrrirtf. rnttrdcr of .r arrow. at
nittrder during art escape. llttlikc a bill passed by botli llilttht‘s ill tlrt-
Legislature last year and vetoed by (iov. llitgh (.‘rrrey. ncithcr would .illrm
execution of someone involved in an unintentional killing

Black Leaders In Rhodesia Won't Seek Compromise
RAB/‘1'. Mllll (Al’) lliticlt guerrilla Icttdcrs. pledging to push their not to
end wltitc rule in Rhodesia. left little rooin for compromise as they sat dorm
today with American and British envoys to discuss it plan to transfer ptmcr to
“‘0 “1‘le "lillority. Andrew Young. the U.S. Ambassador to the I‘m!“1
Nations. and tiritish l‘orcign Sccrctriry David ()Wert met Joshua Nkonro rind
Robert Mugabe amid indications the black lenders will reject the litlt'ﬁl
“""l-‘ll‘Amrlcun Plan for u peaceful political settlement. Nkorrro .rzrrl
Mimi!th joint lctidcrs of the Patriotic Front battling the whrtc-irrrnorrty
Rhodesian government. went into the talks after serving public ttoltcr the“
only aim is to secure it total transfer of power from Prime Minister in“
Smith's rcgintc.

JANUARY 31. 1978

 

by E , er Na‘del

The plan for Student Dwellings.
Inc. to purchase two houses on Hud-
son‘ Avenue has fallen through. ac-
cording to corporation president
Sue Sokol. tn‘iiddition. the corpora-
tion hatihad to forfeit Sl000 to the
landlord of the buildings for failing
to make the purchase.

Sokol blamed an insufficient mor—

tagc offer from a local bank asvthc_

primary reason Student Dwellings
failed to purchase the buildings.
Sokol added that the corporation’s
problems cotitd be traced to the very
end of last semester.

Approximately three weeks
before the end of the semester tltc
Albany Rehabilitation Agency had
agreed. after a carcful study of the
Student chllings' proposal. to coit-
tributc one third of the cost of the
renovation of the building.

At this point the final terms for a
bank mortgage had not yet been

 

reached. 'Soltol said that Student
Dwellingsenteied into a purchase
agreement with the landlord...loe
Naughter, in order that they might
have an option to buy the house
when a mortgage was obtained.

This agreement was made at
Naughter‘s request and called for a
deposit of $2.000'to be paid him in
return for keeping the offer open.
The agreement stipulated that if Stu-‘
dcnt Dwellings did not buy the
building beforea certain undisclosed
date. than they would lose $l.000 of
the deposit. .

Mortgage Not Enough

During finals week of last
semester. student Dwellings was
notified by the bank of their inten-
tion to grant a mortgage. However.
the mortgage offered was substan-
tially less than the amottnt required
by Stttdcnt Dwellings to fittancc the
project. Additionally. Sokol noted
that the ban. wanted a much shorter

 

A committee to evaluate Dean of Social and Behavioral Sciences
Richard Kendall will probably present its tlnal report this week.

Still No Payment From Benecke

by Jill Ilahcr

lot'tiicr (‘Iriss of "Ill l’rcxidcrit
Marc llcncckc has not nrrrdc ti
icstrttiltttri ptiytttcnl to the \t‘llltlt'
class. although the penalty clause to-
qtrir'rng it fine if rt pttytrtcrrt is late has
bccrr removed from the Iattcst class
proposal.

ltcricckc was it led and :tqtirtted of
1rd dcgrce grand larceny charges rrr
Albany County Court in October.
rrlicr licirigtrccuscd of stealing $3000
Ill class funds. in Nov. I970.
ticncckc signed it promissory note
agreeing to make rrtorithfy rcstittr-
tron payments to the Class. After
making two installments. he stopped
the payments on the advicc til his
lawyer.

Matlgratn Proposal

| rtlc last semester. llcncckc sent a
murlgrani proposing that he pay
$000 on the first of December and
$400 on the first of each successive
month ttnlrl Mtiy f. the class of ‘7lt
council decided to insert lltc penalty
clttrisc. which llcncckc \er'bully
agreed to and later rejected. Since
then. the negotiations have bcctt at a
\liltlti still.

Pay By Graduation

“It |tttc pcttalty clattst was
ill oppcd iii ottr offers it rtroritli ago."
said current class president (iiii'y
llciinctt. " I lie proposal now Is that
tlcncckc pay the tiioncy by grrtdtirr~
tron.“

licnnctt refused to be specific
about tlic tcrnis of the proposal or
llcticckc's reaction to it. ‘

JANUARY 31. 1978

He did so} lilttl the first com~
niunicritrorr he has had wrtli Ilcncckc
“as in writing during llrc .lrrrruary
\tlL'lllltlll and that Ilciicckc did not
waitl to negotiate\crhallyanymore.

llcrrcckc cotild not he reached for

time period for repayment of the

loan than was feasible for Student -'

Dwellings. v

Resultantly. the' mortgage offer
was turned down and Student
Dwellings had to pay Naughter St.-
000 as the time limit in the agreement
had expired. The balance of the $2.-
000 deposit was returned to Student
Dwellings inc. '

Sokol maintained that Student
Dwellings is still an active organiza-
tion. and will still attempt to find
safe. low-cost housing for students.
They are presently researching the
possibility of either renting or buy-
ing a vacant convent owned by St.
Vincent DePaul's Church. Much
remains to be investigated about this
proposal. Sokol commented that
they are not sure "whether we can
work out an equitable situation with
the church...and we‘re not sure
how the facility would be practically
managed.“

by Thomas Mnrtello

A faculty committee evaluating
tltc performance of Dean of Social
and Behavioral Sciences Richard
Kendall will probably present its
final report by the end of this week.
according to cotttrriittcc chairman
Richard l‘lall.

Committee members would not
comment on whether the report will
be positive or negative. biit accor-
ding to Anthropology Professor
Robert Cormack. who sits on the
committee. the report is “\cr) clcrir‘
ctit. llrc rcsults will be citsin inter—
preted by everybody."

lltc committee will present its
report to Vicc President for
Academic Affairs Dzr\rd Marlin ttilti
tlrc Crrtlcgc i'ttL‘ttll} ('ottncil ttrr
citittrttlron.

"After ctzrltrirtittg the rcport."sard

cotnmcnl.

llcrrcckc's attorney Raymond
l‘lscltcl‘ said he did not know if his
client had signed rtriy rrgrccmcrits
with the class of '7X. bitt that rtonc
had been brought to his ttllctllltill.

SUNY Chancellor Skips
Inauguration Ceremony

by Thomas Miirtelio
New SUNY Chancellor Clifton
Wharton rinnounccd yesterday that
lie will break with tradition arid riot
trold an inaugural ceremony.
Wharton. who took over as top

-man in the SUNY system lust

chncsday. released it statement
saying that he felt it was irresponsi-
blc to spend money art such an affair
iii a time of tight budgets for SUNY.
and that the SUNY Board of
trustees had accepted his decision.
"White I tint fully sympathetic
with those who sec an rrnporttint
symbolic value itt wltat has evolved
as it venerable tradition lll higher
education." said Wharton ill the
statement. “I lini‘c ticcidcd not to
fluid tin inaugural ceremony. t fch If
would be irresponsible of me to tip—
provc the expense of'sucli air iitftiii at
it tritic whcrt important University
academic programs arid constrric~
tion projects are being ctirtailcd by
budgetary constraints. . ."
Wharton‘s statement said that he

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

had spurned a similar inaugural
ceremony when he took over as
president of Michigan State l.'IlI\L'I-
sity seven years ago.

SUNY Public information ()ffrccr
iltrgli '| uolrcy said that at least the
last two Chancellors have had such it
ccrctnony.

"As lrtr as cost. there‘s no way to
put a price tag on it." said 'l'trohcy.
“It depends on where it would be
held. how many people would attend
and what kind of a ccrciitoity it
would be."

Irroltcy added that thc irtrtttgtrrrtl
ceremony of former Chancellor
lirncst iloycr was held at SUNYA.
and tlritt the cost was minimal
because a state facility was used.

One of the new clirtnccllor's first
tasks will be the filling of some high
Icvcl SUNY positions which are
ctrrreiitly vacant. The positions are
Vice Chancellor for University All
fairs. Health Sciences l’rovost tttid ii
position iii lntcrntitroniil Studies. tic-
cordittg to ‘l'uoliey.

  
 
  
  
  
    
  
  
   
   

  
  
   
   
   
   
  

   
   
    
 
   
    
  
     
  
      
     
    
     

Student Dwellings Inc. President Sue Sokol lit-nice tho'tulluto to’buy

 

 
 

WSIM W

two houses on an lnsuitlclorit mortgage otter troni a loci 

Martin. “I will add any information
we know of about the Dean. Even-
tually I‘ll make it fittril recommenda-
tion.“

Martin said it is possible that a
negatch report may result in es-
tablishing a time when the Dean
should step dowrt. "that's tltc ex~
trcmc." said Martin. “We can also
say that he‘s doing it fine job
there's a whole range of possibilities.
including suggestions for improve-
rrrcnt." '

litc Kendall committee
through a fivc-stcp process iri its
gathering of ittformrttiort. including
hearings in which trictllty rind
students participated. Qttcstioritrircs
about Kendall were also circulated
among itculty nicnibcrs directly
concerned.

wcttl

x.

 

the trrst batch of tlllcstirllttlil'cs

Report on Dean To Be Presented

were accidently throWn out. accor-
ding to Hall.

“That was strange." Hall said. “I
kept gcttingthcsc questionaircs back
and i put them in a box on the floor.
Somebody took the box to the
trash." Hall said tlirtt another set of
qticstioinaircs was sent out and was
received by the committee.

Needs Finalizing

Hall said that the report needs to
be finalized and typed tip before it
can be submitted to tire Office of the
Vice President for Academic Affairs.

the Kendall Committee is con-
dtictirig one of fottr dctrn cvalttatiotis
currently being field. (.‘ommrttecs
are also evaluating School of
Business Dean Willititn Holstein.
Library Director C. James Schmidt
and Dean of Sciences Viriccitt (‘owl-
rirg.

  

Current Class of ‘18 President Gary Bennett said that the latest
proposal is that Benecke pay the money he own by graduation.

‘SUNYA Coffee House
Will Perk Up Again

by B. W. Fth

the i‘l’Cth: Dried Coffee House.
which was headed forcxtinctron last
semester. will rcopctt on Feb. l0.
according to Coffee ltouse manager
Richard (icncst.

(ietics_t replaced foriticr Coffee
House manager Atriit Silvernian.
who. according to (icncst. "no

longer wanted to eontirittc
managing."
Geticst blames ll “niorittc

problem" for the shaky status ofthe'

Coft'cc itousc first semester. He said
thttt,in order to alleviate these
problems. he will be instituting a

formal membership and a board of
officers to insure that responsibility
would no longer “fall on tltc
shouldch of any one person.“

Nine professional bookings are
currently scheduled for this
semester. In addition. (icticst is
expanding thc Coffee House menu
to include coffee and it wider variety
of tens. A nominal admission charge
will also be instituted. said Ucnest.

A ntccting for those interested in
joining the Coffee House is
scheduled for February 10 at (i p.ni.
in the Campus Center Assembly
Hall.

PAGE THREE

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

