Mm.” -

“ht-v A

. $.21: -5

ii
i.
1.
i.
it

 

 

. .   Sports I“
It Was A GreatDanes’ W

 

Danes Manhandle S0. Conn. 28-12

by David Osborn

Yes Virginia. there is a Dane
offense.

After struggling through an open-
ing week performance that may have
left some doubt concerning the unit‘s
existence. the Albany State offense
reversed some trying aspects Satur-
day night. They burst forth with a
more precise. revamped attack than
they portrayed against Kings Point
last week in a l4-8 season-opening
defeat.

by Rich Sellgson

pick up the blockers."

see me play.“

and rtirt like hell.

like that."

backs."

 

guys did a ltelluva job." lte said.

rBtowen ’s‘ 68- Yard Run backﬂ
Excites Bleeker Stadium

it all started off with a low punt. according to Don Bowen. “They
couldn‘t get down quick enough." said the 5'9“. 170 lb. sophomore

about the Southern Connecticut defenders. “it gave me more time to

Those few seconds were all Bowen needed. The Danes‘ punt return
specialist sped down the Bleeker Stadium sidelines for a 68-yard
touchdown return. increasing Albany‘s third-quarter lead to 2l-6 and
bringing the crowd of 4200+ to their feet cheering.

"He returned two kickoffs and it punt last year as a freshman onthe
junior vttrsity team.“ said Danes‘ head coach Bob Ford. “He‘s a good
one  exciting. He hits a sense of running the football.“

As a jayvee player last fall. Bowen said he competed in front of“no
more thait too or 200 people. I was nervous when we came out for prac-
ticc ttnd l sawthe big crowd. ldidn‘t wantto makea fool of myself with
all those people in the audience. i knew several of them werethere to

Play. Bowen definitely did. Aside from running back punts and
kickoffs. the versatile Bowen‘ handled all the panting duties in place of
the ailing Ed Sellers. and saw some action in the Danes' secondary.
“In time. lte can becorttc otirjack-of—all-trndes.“ said Ford. “We were
plei sed with him as a second-string punter."

liut rrtost spectacular of all was the exciting return. Bowen feels
punt-returning involves a basic strategy. “You just run and look for
your blockers to set you up." he explained. “Then you look for a hole

“It takes the breath from you. The team gets together aftcra break
’l'eaittmtitc Kenny Paulo agreed. "We were hoping for something
like that." Paulo said. “You‘re always looking for something to

motivate the team. it came at the rigltt tinte. it sort of broke their

L l'he modest Bowen couldn't give his blockers enough credit. "The

Quarterback Brad Aldrich com- 'ty Field for a home game and ven:
tured downtown to a larger ﬁeld'
equipped with lights to accom-

pletcd key third-down passes with
alarming regularity and sent running
backs crashing up the middle all
evening. The offensive line was par-
tiwlarly apt at nudging aside their
Southern Connecticut opponents,
and by the end of the game all 4.200
in attendance were convinced. The
()wls were hooted out of Bleeker
Stadium. 28-l2.

For the first time in their nine-year
history. the Danes‘ had left Universi-

 

 

modate the nighttime experiment.

“it was great to see that many peo-'

ple out there in the stands. that‘sthe
most we‘ve ever had since l‘ve been
here for a home game.“ said Danes‘
senior offensive tackle Rich Auﬁero.
“Maybe it shows that football really
is beginning to catch on with the
school‘s population.“

Auficro was a vital member ofthe '

offensive line that controlled play up
front. allowed Dane backs to slither
through sizeable holes continuously
aitd may have accounted for the
dramatic offensive turnabout.

“We deﬁnitely itad solid control of
that offensive line all game." said
Albany head cotich Bob Ford. “Last
week. Kings Point's defensive front
swarmed all over our guys from the
beginning and they never had a
clttince to adjust. They were also
somewhat bigger physically than So.
Conn. and that may have accounted
for the difference."

The Danes essentially put the
game away on their ﬁrst possession
ofthe second half. Well. it wasn't ac-
tually a possession. Don Bowon. a
sophomore. made a play from scrim-

 

 

Tuolday. September 20. 1018

69an (1!

Albany defensive eornorboek Kenny Paulo tackles Dave Ungoror In
Danos' 28-12 victory Saturday night. (Photo: Jeff Schneebaum)

mage quite unnecessary. He ﬁelded
an Owl punt on his own 32, cut left.
split the coverage and then
scampered down the sidelines 68
yards for a touchdown.
“Everybody picked up their
blocks perfectly and ljust ran with

the wedge until i saw that opening,"
said Bowen. “A big break. big play
like that can always lift a team up."
He was right there. The entire
Dane beitclt emptied and Bowen was
soon engulfed in a mass of purple
continued on page twenty-three

ECAC’s Showcase Superb Netmen

by Todd S. Beyer

Putting on a remarkable perfor-
mance against’a total of'39 Division
1. ll and Ill schools. the Albany
State tennis team placed second in
the Eastern Collegiate Athletic
Association Championships held
this weekend at Rider College.

“l‘m very proud of our team and
the University should be very proud
of them." said Albany cottch Bob
Lewis. “it‘s a very prestigious tour-
rtantent and we did very well.“

in the overall point scores. Boston
U itivcrsity placed first with 25

points. the Danes were second with
l9. and close behind was lonti
College with 18 points.

"l‘m overjoyed." said Danes' ﬁrst
singles player l’aul Feldman. "l was
pleasantly shocked at the way 1 and
the team played. For a Division lll
school to come in second against
schools which give scholarships arid
rccrtiit players is a minor miracle.
But we did it. We actually overcame
heavy obstacles to do it.“

in tltc number-one draw. Feldnniri
wits seeded second. The senior co-
cttptain went through theearly cont-

Booters UpsetNumber-One Ranked Oneonta

by Mike Dunne

“It was a good learn effort. We
played very aggressive soccer.“

“The win was great. We sure need-
cd it.“

That is how Albany State's
soccer cottcli Bill Schicffelin and
l incs' cit-captain Mark Wenzcl.
respectively. described the booter‘s
'l-O SUNY AC victory on Saturday
over ()neonta State. the top-ranked
team in New York and seeded l3th in
the natiort.

lhc loitc score came at l5208 ofthe
second lttilf when the Danes cttrricd
the ball down the rigltt side of the
field arid fired a shot at ()iteoittn
goalie l‘aiil llyrite. llc niadethe save.
but senior t'arlos A tango got hold of
the rebound and drilled it iitto the
|lt.‘l to give Albany a lead it never
relinquished.

lhctiicat Danes" first victory. like

the heartbreaking losses to San Jose
and Keene State and the tie with ()s-
agar. was it tightly played contest.
I he defenses played thernore proriti-
iietil roles. as only 23 shots were
taken. Albany held a slim lZ-l l ad-
taittage when the game ended.

The Danes were forced to protect
their lead for the nertrly 30 ntinutes
which remained. During that time
the strong Oneonta squad was very
aggressive in their attempt to knot
the score. But Dario Arttngo only
litid to make five saves for Albany.
()iic of them was crucial. With [:30
left iii the match. he smothered the
btill as it rolled right irt front oftltc
itet. following an ()ttcoiita corner
kick. ,

"You ttcver know wltat will
happen on a pltty like that when the
ball is loose.“ said Schieffelitt. "We
were lucky Dario fell on it."

Offensivcly. scoring goals have been
ii problem thus ftir for Albany. As a
result of the forwards having few
clean. scoring opportunities. they
tend to rush the ones they have. tlL‘"
cording to Scliiellclin. ('otipletl with
tile lack of midfield support iii the
first three games. tltc forwards were
getting \ery few shots. "When yoti
play strong teams. it is very tough to
score and frustration cart be it
problem." said Schictfcliu.

"However. I ltttvc confidence iii my

offensive players. We coitld have had

two or three goals in this game.“

Wenzel indicated why lte felt the
offense was iriiproved. "i thought
our midfielders plttycd well. They
supported the forward line better.
which allowed its to control the brill
more."

the increased effectiveness of
Vlado Sergovich. who recently had
pneumonia. ltas also helped the
forward line. He is arotind 85 per-
cent licultlty. according to
Schieffelin.

Adding significance to the Danes‘
victory over a chief SUNYAC rival
wits the game's designation as one of
eight Pepsi-Cola National t‘ollege
Division (iames of the week.
Schielfclin said. "it was a nice honor
to go with the victory.“

.\lh.iny tlclcuseman Kirk An-
die-its was niuncd Pepsi-Cola MVP
of the contest. Andrch shut down
kellli lorei. who is ()nconta's top
sti ikcr. " l rum is a great player." said
St'liiellelm. "btit Kirk just kept him
out of the garlic. it was an outstan-
ditig defensive job."

Schiclfelitt also noted l’epe
Aguilar. Mark \VetiIel and John

Shaw as playing tough defense in
recording the shutout.

The coach feels that his squad has
yet to reach its potential. arid is con-
fident about gaining a post season
playoff spot, despite the upcoming
toltgh schcdtile. “if we can play well.
it tttkes ti damn good team to beitt
us." “We cart phiy with anyone." said
Wenzel.

'l‘omorrow the bootcrs face defen-
ding NCAA Division I champion
llartwick. However. neither the
coach nor Wenzel is awed. “They
aren't the saute learn as last year.“
'said Schicffclin. "Seven starters tire
missing. but they'll be real tough."
"they can't be arty tougher than
()neontit." \Veu/el said.

Willi another big SUNYAL‘ game
.it home oil Saturday against Cor-
tltiitd and severaL riiorc conference
games iii the near future. Schieffelin
feels the next two weeks will be a
grind. "Any more than two losses in
this stretch will make the playoffs
Yul)’ doubtful. l'lic t)tteonta giiiite
brought its ()\’t.'l‘ the top; the attitude
and atmosphere is much more
positive."

petition in rapid succession. beating
Peter Desmond of Villanova and
John thnder ofScranton quite easi-

5:

Ilc ltad a little more difficulty with
Peter Lyons of Providence College.
but defeated ltint nonetheless 6-4. 6-
4. “That rntttch l was a little nervous
about.“ said Feldmtin. “l‘d seen him
play indoors and he looked tough.
Arid i started losing the first set 3-1.1
didn‘t play that well. but i dug in and
played the big points well."

Next. Feldman played Robert
Vance of Bloomsburg State iii the
sctnifinals and won handily 6-2, 6—2.
Feldman said. “i was anticipating
better ground strokes from him. But
i was very relaxed by this time and
just played my best."

in the finals. the three-time defen—
ding SUNYAC Champion-met Bob
(ircene of Boston University and lost
7-5. 7-5. Greene. rated number-
oiie ill Nebraska for 18 and under
players. hits already been invited to
tire Nationals of the United States
'l‘cnnis Association.

“I tend to pltty well arid tttn relaxed
iii a filial.“ explained Feldman. who
ntadc the tournament finals for the
first little lifter two scmifirtal
appearances in '75 and '77. "The
main thing was that lie was playing
really well. He upset the number—one
seed named Meadows front West
Virgiiiiri State. lint lwettt irt feeliitgl
had nothing to lose. I was iii the
finals. after all. I went ahead 5-3,
winning 40-5. serving. hut lie pliiyed
the big points well. Nonetheless. it‘s
a good feeling that I played well."

in the number-two draw. Danes'
Larry tinctt was seeded first. He had
few problems. beatnigJohnSpeer of
l.ehiglt o-l. 6-2. He then moved into
the quarterfinals through default.
there he beat l'om Lyndlt ofthe tltt-
iteisity of Rochester (1-2. 6-2.
t‘lllllfllllt’tl on page nineteen

 Hint, Carey To Repeal Health Fee

 

 

 

 

PRESS-o

   FRID‘  

 

Vol. LXV No. 33

by Aron Smith

Governor Hugh Carey will
support the repeal of the SUNY-
wide health fec if the $2.3 million
revenue .generated by the fee
annually can be replaced from other
sources. according to Student
Association of the State University
(SASU) President Steve Allinger.

'lhc $8.50 per semester health fee

by Jon Lafayette

according to Brown.

otltcr for the deadlock.
Gubernatorial hopeful Perry
agreement fttrtltcr as he felt the

them.

L

 

fState Lawmakers Pass l
Supplemental Budget

Built houses ofthe New York State Legislature ﬁnally agreed to pass
art Still million supplemental budget in a special session Wednesday
night. The Legislature did not. however. appropriate the funds needed
to replace the money students pay as the health fee.

Student leaders had secit this budget as a chance to repeal the fee.
Morley that was left out of the state budget and programs that were
passed over may be added in through supplemental budget.

Student Association of the State University (SASU) Legislative
Director Tony Brown said that he had made a “last-ditch effort"to get
the funds needed to repeal the fee irtcludcd in the budget. The effort
failed because “they [I he legislators] weren‘t goingto deal with it now."

Some money front the supplemental budget did go to students.
SUNY will receive $26.8 million for construction.community colleges
throughout the state will receive $6.2 million irt extra aid. and another
$4 million was appropriated for library improvement.

Passage oftlte supplemental budget lttld been stalled since July when
the legislative session ended. with both the Republican majority in the
Senate arid the Democratic majority iii the Assembly blunting each

(iovcrnor (.‘arey could use to his advantage in this year‘s campaign.
according to sources in the Assembly. The budget included funds for
Carey‘s tough new crime package money to help industry expand
within New York State. A fillibustcr in the assembly broke down after
Duryea could not influence the Senate Repttblican caucus.

Brown said that “it still looks good for the health fee." He said that
there are still a nuntbcr of things that the legislators still want to
include in the budget. He felt thatthey mightconsidcrremovingthe fee

~ 1913 by Albany Student Press Corporation

ltas been surrounded by controversy
ever since its introduction into the
New York State Executive Budget
by the legislature in I977. the health
fee has been attacked by SASU as an
uillegal and immoral tuition n-
crease“ which is collected and placed
in the SUNY General Fund and is
not used to improve health care for
SUNY students.

Duryea attempted to stall the
budget contained too many items

Carey has until now taken a
“hands off" approach to the health
fee issue. insisting that the health fee
was instituted by the legislature and
can only be repealed by the
legislature.

A member of Carey‘s press ofﬁce
said Monday that Carey has not
taken a pro or con stand on the issue
because it was never presented to

. him. Allinger called the aide “unin-

formed” yesterday. saying that
(.‘arcy knows the issue “upside
down.“

“Any middle level official knows
tltc issue and is sick of it.“ said
Allinger. “Maybe this particular per-
son felt panicked a bit. because he
doesn‘t like to be pinned down on art
issue like this.“

According to Fornter SA Presi—
dent Dave Gold. Carey is well aware
of the issue. as lte promised to com—
iititt himself to the repeal of the
health fee if' succefful iii the recent
democratic primary race. that eortt-
titilmcitt was made at a .ltily meeting
of SASU aitd SU NY student leaders
with Carey's staff. It was widely
speculated that Carey had rertegcd
'on his promise when he failed to
. honor ltis commitment after emerg-
‘ ing from the primary victorious.
According to Allinger. Donald
' t‘rircy. the Governor‘s son aitd cam-

paiin manager. ltas initiated a
meeting with ltim and an Assistant
Assctttbly Majority Leader Arthur
Eu: (D-Buffalo). which is scheduled
for today. The meeting‘s objective is
to work out a viable plan for
ohtitirtirtg the $2.3 iitillion in revenue
now generated by the health fee front
alternate sources.

()ne possiltlc solution would be to
appropriate the $2.3 rttllliott lit the
deficit budget which will be ready in

i January. said Alliitger. The funds
were itot appropriated iii the

 

J supplemental budget completed

State University of New York at Albany

l

Governor Hugh Carey has come
student health lea. according to

yesterday.

"We ltnvc been pressuring hint
[(‘arcyl to take the funds frorti
general iticortte.“ said Allinger.
" l'hey wartt to rob Pcterto pay Paul.
We have a ltard-lirte position against
that. bill whatever happens. we don‘t
want ltim just to leave it tip to the
legislature. We‘re afraid they’ll do
what they did last year."

Allinger ltas scheduled meetings
with Carey‘s running rtiate. Mario
L'uomo. for 'l'ltursdtiy.

“According to a cantpaing source.
L‘oumo will ask the (iovcrnor to
repeal the health fee." Allittger said
yesterday. “i tltiitk it will aid tltc
pressure on Carey. 1 tltink
philosophically he [cuomo] thinks
the health fee is atrocious. he has a
legal background and a reputation
for heinghonest. l tltink it hasoffend-
ed his sensibilities."

On Oct. 5. Allinger. along with

Pope John-Paul I Dead Of Heart Attack

RontetAP) Pochohn Paul 1 died of
a heart attack in his sleep during the
itigltt. the Vatican announced. He
was ()5 and had been electedjust last
ntorttlt.

The Vatican said the pontiff died
about it I’.M. Thursday and his
death was discovered when his
ltoiiseliold staff came to wake him
about 5:30 AM. Friday morning.

The Vatican announcement of his
dcatlt said:

" l'oday September 2‘) around
5:30 the Rev. John Magee. the
. Pope‘s private secretary entered the
ltedroortt of His Holiness Joltit Paul
1'. si rice he had failed to see ltirit itttlte
chapel its usual. he looked for him in
tltc roortt and he found ltiitt dead in
the lied with the light on as with a
person who had been reading.

“ flit: doctor. immediately siitt-
moned. ticcrtained his death.
presurttably occurred around 2300
ltours yesterday. 'l'htirsday because
of sudden death froiti acute myocar-
dial infurction. ’l'he venerated body
.vill be placed on display iirotind
noon iii a ltall of the Apostolic
l’tiliicc."

During his brief rcigrt. the pontiff
lttid already traitsforrned the rior-
“Elly sedate ptipiil audiences into'in-
formal gatherings. peppered with
personal anecdotes and broken tip
with laughter frorti guests.

Just two days ago, presiding over
the weekly Vatican generalaudiencc.
he called upon a 51h grade student
and interviewed him in front of the
l0.000 persons packing the ltall.

“Do yott always want to be in the
5th grade?" he asked the boy.

"Yes." the youth replied. “So i
dort‘t ltave to change teachers."

“Well. you are different from the
pope," the pontiff remarked. “When
I was in 4th grade, l worried about
nttiking it to the 5th and when in the
5th. about passing to the 6th.“

Such anecdotes lttid emerged as
trademarks of Joltn Paul. endearing
hint to tlte public.

By contrast. his predecessor. Paul
VI was noted for his formal and in—
tellectual approach to his general
audiences. resorting to littmor only
on rare occasions.

Born Albino Luciarti. the 263rd
pontiff was the roductof one of the
thousands of villages that dot the
ltalitiit countryside.

“I am a little man accustomed to
little things and to silence.“ he said
before his election.

He had'spent most of his life iii
ltaly's northeast where he was born
in the Alpine valley village of Forno
'Ji Canale. His father. a socialist, was
for many years it migrant worker in
Switzerland. His mother was a pen-
sant. “strong and devout."as licorice

said.

He entered the scntinary at a
young age aitd during the summer
vacations returned home to work in
the fields.

Many in his home village
rerttenthcr seeing him cutting the
grt s wearing the black cassock that
seminarians then wore.

His favorite subjects as a student
were philosophy. theology. and
literature.

He was ordained a priest on July
7. I935 and graduated from Rome‘s
Gregorian University. After gradua-
tion he went back to his native
village to work in a nearby town
where lie also taugltt religion in a
vocational school.

For the next lOyears he was depu-
ty director in the Belluno Seminary.
in 1948. Luciani became one ofthe
top aides of the bishop of Belluno
and was put in charge of teaching
religion.

He concentrated on making his
tertclting as simple as possible so that
illiterate mountain people could un-
derstand it. He recounted his ex-
periences iii a book titled
"Catechism iii Crumbs." now in its
seventh edition.

He ltad been vicar general in
Belluno for four years. when Pope
John XXlll rittmcd ltim bishop of
Vittorio Veneto. a diocese south of

Belluno. iit l95fi.

lit Vittorio Veneto. the bisltop was
immediately confronted by a finan-
cial scandal involving two priests
who had piled up debts and over-
drawn checking accounts.

Luciani sumntoncd all 400 priests
in the diocese and spoke to them
about the need for the church to be
poor. ’l‘hcn. lte paid the two priests‘
debts out of diocesan income.

During the I962-65 Vatican
Council, Luciani said it was difﬁcult
for him to change his frame of mind
from pre-council church attitudes
toward the more liberal teachings.

“The part that caused me more
problems was that on religious liber-
ty.“. he said later. referring to the
council decree statingthe right of full
and equal liberty for believers and
non-believers alike.

Spiritual ttnd political leaders of
New York expreddcd shocked grief
today at the sudden death of Pope
John Paul 1 rind praised ltim for the
spirit ltc had brought to his 34-day
riegn as head oftlte Roamn Catholic
Church.

A special High Mass unis to be
offered by Archbishop Joint
Maguire. the Vicar General. at noon
today at St. Patrick's Cathedral in
Manhattan. according to a
spokesman for the archdiocese.

soptember 29, 1978 -

 

out in favor of the repeal of the
SASU President Steve Allinger.

SASU representatives from around
tlte state. will ntcet irt Bingltamton
“ltll representatives ofthe Universi-
ty Student Senate of L‘UNY artd the
independent Student Doalition
(representing the state's private
colleges arid universities). The health
Ice. along with such issues as slttdcrtt
volirtg rights. BOP. and part-time
I Al' will he discussed. said Allinger.
coming after meetings with Carey
atid Cuoitto. this student caucus will
be important iii determining the
luture ofthe health fcc. “By October
liitlt. smntcthing‘s got to give.“ said
Allinger.

While SASU works away at'tltc
politics of the health l'ec. through
lobbying and pressuring campaign
hopefuls. a legal side oftlte issue ex-
ists as well. According to SA-
retuiticd lawyer Jack Lester. the
health fee could be repealed ifit were
successfully challenged in court.
However. no student lttis yet been
found who is willing to serve as
plaintiff in a case challenging the fee.

“ | his method hasn‘t been serious-
ly looked iitto because rto one has
come forward to press the issue.“
said Lester. “If someone could be
found. then we‘d sit dowrt and figure
ottt whctltcr anything cart be done.
i don‘t go around looking for plain-
til'l's. they ltave to come to me.“

Lester. who spoke at the simmer
conference at which Carey promised
to commit himself to the health fee‘s
repeal. is not very optimistic about a
ltcaltlt fee repeal case‘s chances in
court. however.

“The health fee has become more a
political issue titan a legal issue,"
said Lester. “I don't think there have
been arty court suits on the issue so
far. it's notjust my opinion, but that
of several other ltiwyers I spoke to,
that here is no way to repeal the
ltcaltlt fee [legally]. There have been
good arguments made that it is lit
fact constitutional."

l

 

Aspects....
Classified.
Editorial 

  
  

Zodiac New. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

