   
 
  
 
  
     

 

  
 
 
 

  

AND ONLY

 

;

Jim.

. IthIlY

 

sumac . I _
unionist-mom “Mia-3°

 

  
  
  
  
   

      
 
 
   
     
    
  
     
   
  

  

   
   
 

 

 
  
 

  

 
  

 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
  

 
   
   
 

  
   
   

      
  

     
   
    

 

      
 
   
  
  
  
  
   
   

«at-12:97“?—

i
i/
ii

, i
l


   

 

 

 

$7

.Bl‘illi .lllt tltltlllllilli I
5 ClNE1-2-3-4-5-6
W

“l Sﬁtb

NURTNWAV Matt

1:30. 4:15

“Sill-Ill.
.. “‘iitiiiin'ti

 

i 10:00

t ill (1le

, by Joints Hudson
_ An on-going interstate Commerce
Commission probe into the
legitimacy of a bus service advertised
at SUNYA has turned up no new
leads. according to l.C.C. District
Supervisor Robert Radler.

Posters on campus advertised a
“Fine Travel Agency - Greyhound
University discount" bus leaving the

Soviet Union Wants Bomb Outlowod
GENEVA, Switcrisntl (AP) The Soviet Union proposed an internationa|
treaty yesterday to outlaw the neutrom bomb and was promptly accused of
hypocrisy by the United States in one of the sharpest Eggpwcsl
.-studcntunion"atfourp_m. Mar. '7 confrontations in recent years at the Geneva disarmament conference
for New York at a round-trip cost or Intrdueingthe draft treaty to the 35-nation conference, Soviet chief delegatel
317' . Victor l. Likhachev said Mtl'eow might take “retaliatory measures“ it the
"It's hard to "ace these pmple' "barbaric" weapon is introduced intothe Western arsenal. Likhachevsajd
said Radler' “UP ‘0 "'55 lim' ".0 the neutron bomb would pose a threat to detente and “seriously undermine
Vpayments‘have been received attheir the belief of the peoples. . . in the success of, ongoing disurntumcm
maildrop. The travel agencys neg-mimic“... ._ I I: : . ‘ ._ . I . g . l .

mailing address is the address of two i I
answering services. Repeated Two Men Caught In Snagqu submarine
messages for Marc Cody. the LE'RWICK.'Shet|ond ls‘lsnMAPlA mini-submarine used in oil operations
' {Sprcscnm'vc named 0" .th” ""51"" snagged on a submerged cable yesterday and became a 26-foot-long- prison
. "five "0‘ been “Psz‘Vemd' for its two crewmcn 245 feet oficy black water on the North Sea bed Ollie-nu.
" 'District Mariagcr of Greyhound of the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation' Co.. which Iipcriilcsthc
Charles Campbell said that U.S.-huilt sub. said a rescue ship was onthc way. but the men pi obithlt could
Greyhound has never been not be brought to the surface before this morning. They haic cnoughiitr nun
contacted by the travel agency. or food for sevenorcightdays and urein radio communication \\lllllllt‘\llfliit't'
COdy- ""m distressed OVCF the USL‘ 0f thc company said. “We don‘t see the situation as desperate iii ilic Itlotttcnt 
our name without the express P. and 0. spokesman said. The rcsCucship Sub Sea 1. withantilhcrminpwh
""‘hm'ly 0f Greyhound." he Sititl- aboard. was due at the sceneatS am. this morning. The rescue sub. \lL'llflltltl
Accordlifl ‘0 Campbell. Greyhound lll. has a mechanical arm that experts hope will be able to ltcc ilic snared
has tdcculcd I to lttliunch its otvn crﬂn‘ named the l’C-9.
invest ation into t e matter.
SUTEYA Public Safety Director  Miners ordered  to work
Jim wmiﬂms said [hm University WASHINGTON (AP) A federal Judge yesterday ordered \lllltlllg coil
Police have stopped their miners back to work in an attempt to end a 9d—day strike that has forced
investigation “We dam believe a widespread power curtailments and tlielayoll of lliOllhttlttlxttl itottcn l 8
mm has been commmcd. m this District Judge Aubrey Robinson 'issued'the back-to-work tiltlt‘l tilltlcl lllt‘
business fans cmircly under lit-(.4 Taft-Hartley Act astop otlicials oi the striking United Mine \loitcisnndihc
jurisdiction“ he said. solt coal industry met unexpectedly to arrange a resumption ol L'ttllllilt‘l
talks. Officials said face-to-facc bargaining wottld resume today. lhc) stud
federal mediators would not be present. Robinson issued l1l\ oiilei it the

 

 

 

Donn for Studont

 

E.
It
3
5
i‘.

ooontod

bot
“act's”; (formula

"I! VISITING
A V

if you would lllto information about:

THE STUDY AMOAD PROGRAM
"UMP" PROGRAM

0’ AISINCE

ClOSS-"OISYMTION
.-:.r VOLUNTARY WITHDRAWN. "OM SUNYA

07"" ISSUES

ONDAY, APRIL 3
WIDNISDA Y. MAY 3
in I." I, at 2:00 pm.

 

SUMMER SCI'IOOI IUIWHERE

to bo «stood by momboro of tho oudionco about university
opportunitioo ond olpoetotlono.

‘lhon corno to ono of tho gonorol information custom
it tho Contor Ior Undorgroduoto
lvonit Coilogo) on:
T 1 MY, ICIIM
THURSDAY, MARCH so

individuals Irons tho OIIico of htornotionol Programs, tho OIIIco of tho
All-in, ond tho Contor Iot Undorgroduoto "nation
will to on bond to discuss issuos within those oroos will you.

Won lnvitod to ottond onyotolloltiio

 

MP De dI °
‘ a  request ofa worried Carter administration which warned ilic national lic.iltli
"”""'"““I from Pal!" ml" and safety could be imperiled if the strike is allowed to coiitiniic

No Extradition for Nazi Collaborator

ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) The prosecutor in the Vilis A. lla/iicis tlt'ltitllilllttll
hearing here said yesterday lhal the government is iioi sucking to llil\L' lllt'
alleged Nazi collaborator extradited to West (icrmaiii \lnttin
Mcndelsohn. the Justice Department‘s chicl war crimes pimctntoi. \lil\
questioned atthe openingol'yestcrday‘s hcttring byJudgcAnitiotii “L'llrll'ltl
concerning a published report quoting “a senior official of the l S
lmmigratioii and Naturalization Service from Washington “ lli..i icpiiii
salt] the government had asked West Germany to licgiii L'\li.ttlllit|ll
proceedings against the 71-year-old Washington (‘otinty tii.iii .ltLll\t.'il ol
liclpitig German occupation forces in Latvia in World Witt II

"We have people here who have
received this year‘s awards without
receiving last year‘s awards. and
that‘s something Dickinson said
could not happen."

Cruskic said HESC has had
trouble pinpointing the exact
number of students who still doii‘i
have their l97b—l977 awards,

“Locating students hits proven to
be a very difficult process." he said.
“Sometimes ivc may get an inquiry
we have already processed under a
different number. We‘ve awarded
two scholarships in some cases.“

Cruskic added that the figtirc of
2000 unresolved awards from last
year may be large. since there are
some cases duplicated in that
number.

Acting SUNY Financial Aids
Coordinator Susan Dean said shc
didn‘t know how many SUNYA
students still had TAP awards
outstanding front last year. She said
there may be some problems in
requiring students to inform the
corporation of their award status
because they don't necessarily know
it themselves.

“Unless the student makcsan issue
of it. no one there knows that there
are problems with the award.“

HESC processes all TAP and
Regents Scholarship Award s. as well
as the New York State Student Loan
Program.

Hijackers Returned by Cuban Government

NEW YORK (AP) Six fugitives wanted in the United States Ioi lll|.lt'ltlll‘_d\
between l969 and l97| were being returned here last night lttilll titlii
following lengthy negoatiatioiis with the Cuban govcrncincitt. llll' I lit mint
'l he six had not disputed their return. the FBI. who declined to he tilt-utilth
said the group. wanted for live separate hijackings. was being lL’IllllIL‘tl to
Kennedy Airport on ii flight from Cuba following a stop at \ltlllllt'dl lltl
agents were waiting at Kennedy to arrest the lugitiics.

Stolen Sate Recovered in Ski Resort Case
ALLEGANY. NY. (AP) In what they call their “first niaioi hit-.ik" itttltt‘
investigation of the murders of two ski resort employees. but toil 3W
troopers say they have recovered a safe stolen from the tcsoii Sicphrtl
licnder and Micheal Forncss were fatally shot Feb. () when tlic) ‘l”|‘”‘"d
early-morning burglars who escaped with S I 8.000 from the Wing Ilollutt W
Resort. Police said Tuesday they found the safe in about too r feel of \ttttt‘l I"
the nettrhy Allegan River. Trooper GR. Snyder said the sale “L'It'h‘ HM“
littl pounds, and that a triangular hole had drilled into it appait‘lltll W‘h"
money and checks inside could be removed. The safe will be shipped liilllt‘
state crime lab in Albany for tests. police said.

Quinlan tie-Election Hopes lendled
TOUGHKEEPSIE. N.Y. (AP) With state removal proceedinie lttttl““"‘
against him. Dutchess County Sheriff Lawrence Quinlan -Itlt“'“””d
Yesterday he would not seek re-elcction this fall. The six-lctiii ltt-pulillk'tt”
office-holder said he had hopcd to be re-L‘lected and lcaic UlllLL' "\ttth ”‘-‘
 head high. a vindicated tnttn." “However. the legal process hm “"l “'I ' H" m
lull course." he said in it statement. Quinlan. 63. joined the tlt‘l‘litllmwl “""
A" Wide in I’llcadﬂy‘s ASP (Simiitylm  Gov. llugh Carey began ct’fortsioremote()uitilnnnttctilg
incorrectly sttitcdthatthe Uiiivcrsit .ilfmd “VEbtiKatit’h Commission accused him of misconduct. includtiit
scnmc passed a bi” Mmmuy i. ego lyltnterfering wuh deputies‘ investigations and illcgiilh “""nf
requiring instructors to keep conic: Hm MM“! weapons.
ol all final exams and papers
through the subsequent semester.

The Senate did not pass the bill.
but returned it to committee for
further cotisideration.

The bill is designed to allow
students access to their exams in

New Yorkers Against Nuclear Plants

ALBANY' N'Y‘ M") An anti-nuclear group said yesterday .i poll it had

COmmIHSIoned showed a plurality of New Yorkers are ttgttiiist building "'0'"

“meat vacr plants ~ and only 25 percent would be willing to hair” “l‘dc‘”

Pliﬂnt In their area. The poll. a survey of [.000 New Yorkers smut-ted arm“

the 3‘?“ was comma?“ h)’ the Louis Harris organisation for two smut“ '"
e a c Energy Coalition of New York State. It found 46.4 pciccni cotinttiiti

 

PAGE TWO

w mm; . 

ALBANY STUDENT Puss

m- ‘l W. .
"h Inslruclors ' '
the ex“ has been um: after themselves against vuilding more nuclear [30thr I‘m“ 35 pmcnl 1" mm
III n. and  percent "0' sure. p '
j

MARCH 10.1979

 

 

 

    
 
   
 

   
   
  
 
     
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

   
   
      
  
   
  

i
:

 

by Mary Lou Ambrosino

A man ﬁtting the description of
the suspect of recent State and
Colonial Quad burglaries tried to

pass himself off as a SUNYA V.’
o‘clock. a

Department of Public Safety Ofﬁcer
to an Alumni Quad resident last
Sunday. according to University
Police Investigator John Haynor.

A woman student in Waterbury
Hall was approached by a middle-
agcd. short. stocky. black male
dressed in civilian clothes at 3 am.
who quickly displayed a badge and
claimed he was from the SUNYA
Department of Public Safety. said
Haynor.

 

   

.The man talked to her. but she
became "suspicious and he left'vvhert
she requested him to. according to
Haynor. 7
Earlier that. evening at seven
‘man fitting this
description ’ allegedly stole an
ampliﬁer from Hamilton Hall on
Colonial Quad. He had mixed in ata
small beer party. but was not known
by any of the students at the party.
although this was not realized until
later. Haynor said.

Later. a male student realized that
his ampliﬁer was missing and was
told by several other dorm members
that they had seena black malecarry

WCDB Radio Free Albany
Comedy OffendsListeners

by Jill Haber

On its maiden evening of
broadcasting. SUNYA‘s radio
station WCDB-FM recieved
complaints from listeners who were
offended by some of the skits in the
station's wcckly comedy show
“Radio Free Albany."

SA President David Gold has met
with Dean for Student Affairs. Neil
Brown to discuss charges that sexist
remarks were made on ~the air.
according to SA Vice President
Kathy Baron. Baron. who called the
station to complain during the
broadcast said she has discussed the
matter with W(‘l)B General
Manager Paul Rosenthal.

Baron said several students called
to inform tier of allegedly sexist
remarks made by Kevin Kclton and
Mark Rappaptirt. two disc jockeys
who do the show. Some students
told Baron they had been cut-off by
WU)” when they called in to
complain.

liaron said she hadn't listened to
the initial portion of the program in
which ilic remarks were to have been
made. bitl said that students told her
"they said something about feminist
Jokes and then they made a joke."

Neither Kclton or Rappaport
mentioned remarks about feminist
jokes. tiltliougli they did say that
they had received complaints about
their parody of a Geritol television
commercial which ended with the
line “My wtlc - Ithink l‘ll beat her."
liaron said she switched her radio oti
alter students called her. arid then
called thc station alter the (icritol
.\l\'ll. “i said something to the effect til
‘lliis is Kathy littron from Student
Association - don't hang up on me or

you might not have a budget by
morning.‘ "

Kelton said about 50 calls had
come in to the station but that only
about three of them complained
about allegedly anti—feminist
remarks. According to Kelton. one
such call was'inadvertantly cut off.

“We apologized on the air for
cutting the caller off accidentally -
and for nothing else. Some people
thought we were being sarcastic.“ he
said.

Baron said she does not intend to
make any written complaints to the
FCC about the program. “I think the
program was generally in poortasie.
They claimed it was only offensive to
a small group of people. They don't
see the difference between what is
discriminatory and what is offensive
to a small group of people.“

According to Rappaporl. "There
were a lot. of people calling up. We
can‘t talk to people for long when
we‘re doing a live radio show. We
feel like we don't ltave toapologizc."

Written Response

Rosentlial has issued a written
response to Baron which says ‘lillc.
stuff of ‘Rudio Free Albany” have
makc clear their intentions of
avoiding material which is likely to
cause responses similar to yours.‘ "

The memo states “ l here will
always be programming that is
objectionable or distasteful to
certain listeners. This clearly. is a
fact of life. The policy ol the station.
however. is not to offctid any
particular group of people. In the
event ol any expressed
dissatisfaction. it is the policy ofthe
st altoii todeal With the complaints in
a sincere. rational atmosphere."

 

out a piece of stereo equipment]

underneath a sweatshirt.

Descriptions by both the Colonial
and Alumni students lead ‘to the-
same composite drawing of a.

suspect. Copies of thedrawlng have
been circulated ‘around dorms on

State and Colonial Quads.
accordingto - Haynor.

. "Badges are easily attainable at a
local store" Haynor said. “although
the wording used on them is
restricted."

when approached by an officer of ‘

University Police. a student is always
presented a badge with an
accompanying photo lD card. All
badges have a NY State shield on
them. and the words “State
University" printed on them. said
Haynor.

A non on two SUNYA youodo boo uood o phony  Io idonly‘

  
    
 
   
 
  
 
    
  
 
   
   
    
  

 
  
 
     
  

 
 
  

    
   
   
   
 

  
 
 
  

  

 
  
 

    

s

htrnoott oo o SUNYA ottloor. Abovo: oonutno public oototy bodgo.

O’Leary 0n Program - Cut-packs

MJ. Mammott
Calling the decisions of the Task
Force on Priorities and Resources

"very tough choices.“ Acting

SUNYA President Vincent O‘Leary

responded to

New, criticisms of program

Fm, cutbacks and

terminations at

SUNYA in an interview Tuesday
night.

Amongthose who have made such
criticisms are faculty who lost their
jobs during the retrenchment of
programs in 1976. and the Assembly
Higher Education committee, which
investigated the SUNY
retrenchment process. That
investigation culminated in a report
released last week. which criticized
the SUNY system retrenchments as
“characterich by haste. by a lack of
careful planning and by little
apparent awareness of the impact of
specific decisions on educational
quality. faculty morale. or even
long range educational require-
mcnts.‘

Faculty have critici/cd the Task

Force. which made
recommendations to former
President Em'iictt Fields on

program retrenchincnts. and have
said its decisions were influenced by
factors extraneous to the academic
process. Those outside factors
include tenure cases. some of which
have resulted in numerous legal
actions involving administrators at
SUNYA. ()‘l.eary was a member of
the Task Force.

()‘Lcarv said the retrenchments at

Student Resigns Over Grade Leak

by (i. Pascal Zachary

A SUNYA student resigned from
his work-study job in the University
(‘ollcgc luesday because he itllcgdly
disclosed information from another
student‘s academic records.

William Kaplitii. a l'rcsliiiian. has
been reassigned by the Financial
Aids ()tlicc to a position which
doesn‘t involve contact with
confidential materials.

Complaints were first received
early liist week by the University
College. according to University
('ollcgc Associate Dean llrucc Gray.
llicii on Monday. six students ntct
with Gray and complained that
confidential information about
grades had been revealed.

Gray wouldn‘t disclose Kttplan‘s
name. biit said he had spoken with
the student in question over the
weekend. who indicated he had
disclosed confidential information.

Kaplan said last night he did

MARCH 10, 1978

 

release the information. btit called it
"a slip through normal conversation
that I regret having made." Kaplan
said he made comments atasocial
gathering on Alumni Quad last
weekend.

According to Kaplan. he offered
(iruy his resignation over the phone
’l'iicsday. anti Gray accepted.

The students who met with Gray
chose not to identify themselves. ttiid
were not willing to bring written
charges of any sort against Kaplaii.
Gray said.

According to Financial Aids
Director Donald Whitlock. close to
400 of the 500 work-study students
on citnipus have access to
confidential information iii the
course of performing their duties.
This is the first incident in ten years
iii which a student has disclosed
data. Whitlock said. ‘ Whitlock‘s
office administers the work-study
program.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

Placement Office Director .lohn
Alexander said his office is taking
the occasion of Kaplan‘s resignation
to remind work-study students in his
office of their responsibility to keep
records confidential.

“My policy in the past has been to
discuss privately with each student
how serious a responsibility the
itittintcnancc of conﬁdentiality is.
Alexander said. “i think my policy
has been effective."

Whitlock. who also wouldn‘t
identify Kaplan. said he chose
relocation over termination because
the incident occurred in anollicr
office.

"i did think it over. Since the
violation wasn't started in my office I
didn't feel it was fair for me to make
that decision."

Students who have problems at
the work-study site to which they are
assigned are routinely given another

job. Whitlock said.

 

 

SUNYA and tenure cases are two
separate issues which should not be
combined.

“It's unfortunate that at times
there's a mixture between the Task
Force and tenure. and some people
who are really concerned about a
tenure violation are talking about a
retrenchment. Tenure is something
that goes on here every year. on any
campus that’s an issue of contest.
because you‘re making very hard
decisions."

"I think it's very important to keep
those issues separate, but what keeps
getting mixed up is that several
people who were denied tenure try to
make a link. Tenure gets mixed up
with retrenchment. and those are
two very separate issues."

On the question of whether
individual biases or personalities
affected the Task Force. 0‘|.eary

was emphatic.

“One of the iron rules that 1
observed. and I can remember being
observed throughout the Task
Force. was never to talk about
individuals. it was aii iron rule.
‘Don‘t tell us about it. this is a

.pragmatic decision.‘ I don't ever

recall a choice being made on those
kind of grounds.“

Marty critics. including former
Speech Pathology Professor Jerome
Lcihman. have charged that
programs were cut to “get rid of ii
headache.“ Those headaches were
caused by disscnsion within the
faculty. according to Lcihman. at
least in the case of Speech
Pathology. Dissension iscitcd in the

 

Task Force evaluation of Speech
Pathology. a program the Task
Force recommended be phased out. .
O‘Leary responded to thiscriticism.

“Is that supposed to be a quality
that saves them'l Is that an asset? It is
a factor. If a program has no
coherence. that‘s a legitimate issue."

Another issue raised by those
dissatisﬁed by the Task Force‘s work
is that in the case of both Speech
Pathology and Comparative
Literature. the previous year's Select
Committee had given them
favorable reviews. The Select
Committee was formed by former
president Benezet. also to evaluate
SUNYA's programs. O'Lcary was
Chairman of the Committee. and
addressed himself to this point also.

“The sclcct Committee was
formed in a time when ‘steadystate'
was the language. Well. right at the
end of that the state became
unsteady. The charge of the Select
Committee when we started. was to
take a look at the resources which
this university has."

“Comparatch Literature had two
very different kinds of review. the
Task Force‘s and the Select
Committee's."

Finally. O‘Leary expressed his
frustrations over the charge that no
real cuts were made in l’acultyduring
the retrenchment period.

“I guess the only part i do get
angry about is when somebody says
there were no cuts. That's really a
cop out. It seems to me that it‘s fair
enough if you want to say there was a
mistake made to argue it out.“

According to Ftnonolol Aids Director Donold Whitioclt. many work-
otudy otudonto hovo scene to conttdonttol iniorntotlon.

 

PAGI TERI!

 
 

  

