      
   
    
 
  
  
  

 

Incantation:
Where to Apply:

Application Deadline:

FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION,
STOP BY AD 129

 

 cit-rim Anni-m. ‘
1978 Summer Planning Conference'
Underroduutes'Only, . 1
June l~'- .liily at, revs '

Attendance at mandatory interest
meetln on Wed, March I. at 7:30
pm. intc‘ is (If you cannot attend.
you must contact Patti Sn er at
457-4032 in the Ofﬁce of indent
Affairs. AD I29.’before the meeting
takes place) ‘ g

5750 its room and board from
June to July 3l,_l97lt

Ofﬁce of Student Affairs. AD l29
between Feb. 27-March 1

Return applications to AD i29 by
12 noon riday March 3 l978.

continued/ram page one

 

 

 

   

Sat.. March 4

meteorite circuit

l'
i',
I

 

Eﬂfﬂﬁfiﬂfﬂ

presents... “my, Much 3
7:00 9:30

75¢ w/tax. $1.25 w/out

LC 10

nd ASC and .ISC are eo-sponsoring

 

 

 

 

. V: 7:00/l0:00
. . {a LC is
l » l 5‘ .
 'u 50: w/JSC card
it. S 75c w/tax _
“i' § 51.25 w/out 
l a 

 
 
  
  
   

..._.,..\~L-\_

 

 

HeldTOi/er!

(INElJ l‘l‘lf)
.. .. 1.. w

  

 

"The One and Only“
is Fumiy. Hilarious and Hysterical
(We're very serious about this)

 

A Carl Reiner Film

 

’n'cu' ’ctuvei Prmn “in: Man “1241:”
HenryWinltler is"ihe One and 0nly"Kim Darby William Daniels
Harold Gould Herve Villeclialze Polly Holliday and Gene Salts
Written by Steve Gordon Executive Ptoducer Robert Halmi
Prodused by Steve Gordon and David V. Picker
Directed bx Carl Reine! $32331? all??? 
o t. 

Fourth Week!

 

     

MUHAWK MALL
or. n'. . Ar.

   

 

 

funding through the establishment
of a ﬁve dollar “Statesman fee"
which would bevadded on to each.
student's bill. The issue is due to be
put to a referendem soon.

Even after cutting back to two (

issues a week, Milrod said. the paper
will still be in ﬁnancial trouble.
Unless the administration can be
convinced to allow Statesman to pay
the amount back over a two year
period. the newspaper may have to
halt publication before the semester
is over.

“l‘ve been negotiating with people
here to lower the amount.” Milrod
said.

The newspaper has had its budget
cut by Polity each year for the past
three years. An editorial in the Feb.
22 Statesman said “This is the best
way to starve a newspaper. Over the
past three years. Statesman has
accumulated a substantial deficit.
Year after year the story has been the
same — higher costs. less money.“

The editorial said the
administration‘s request for
payment of the 89000 phone bill will
almost eliminate the newspaper‘s
remaining Polity funding for the
year.

"If the University does take the
money necessary to pay the bill.
Statesman cannot continue
publishing as it has in the past.“ the
editorial said.

Diet Soda Labeled
Hazard to Health

by Mike Pearlman

Cans and bottles containing the
artificially sweetened drink Tab now
have labels which warn of the
potential dangers of consuming the
beverage.

The warning states that th
product may be “hazardous to your
health“ and that it "contains
succharin which has been
determined to cause cancer in
laboratory animals."

Elizabeth Preddy. Marketing
Manager for the Bottles Sales
Division of the Coca-Cola
Company. said the new labeling is
the result of a federal law requiring
all products containing the artiﬁcial
swcctncr to be labeled with a
warning for a period of ill months.

A decision on whether or not the
swcctner should be banned could be
made after that period.

Prcddy said that cans and bottles
with the new labels were ﬁrst
distributed Feb. 2i. Products
dispensed from soda fountains won't
be affected because the law is“iiimed
at immediate consumption."

UAS Director E. Norbert Zahm
said the dispensers in the SUNYA
cafeterias aren't covered by the law.

“At this moment. we haven‘t
planned to label the dispensers, but
that dosen't mean we may not."
Zahm also said the dispensing
machines are the property of the
Coca Cola Company and that Coca
Cola would make any decision on
changing the labeling.

(e

 

 

What's new pussycat?

 

 

 

 
    

 

EWS BRIE

Cuban Troops Join Ethiopian War .
ROME(AP) Cuban soldiers have entered combat for the ﬁrst time again“
rebels in Ethiopia's northern Eritrea province. the Insurgents said Monday,
Cubans already had been reported ﬁghting alongside Ethiopian "oops in
their Ogaden war against Somuli scecssionists at the other end of thecoumiy,
Amde Michael Kahsai. spokesman for the Eritrean People‘s Liberation
Front. said in Rome that [.000 Cubans joined Ethiopian defenders in thi-
Eritrean capital of Asmara for an unsuccessful attempt to crack the 1]....
month rebel siege of the city. Kahsai said EPLF intelligence in Asmniii
rcported that Cuban troops fircd heavy artillery and rocket launchers “5 H...
Ethiopians tried to break out to the south. suffering heavy losses.

Spanish Army Puts Pantomimlsts on Trial
BARCELONA. Spain (AP) The Spanish army will put ﬁve pantomimists on
trial Tuesday for allegedly insulting the military in one of their mime pinyt
The troupe‘s director was to have stood trial. too. but he eluded his guilfds
with a ruse Monday and escaped. Leftists threatened street protests and
moderates condemned the prosecution as at throwback to the days of the old
Franco dictatorship. Military ofﬁcials rejected an appeal from the
defendants Monday for a civilian trial and ordered them to face it Btircclonn
court martial of four military judges.

Carter Meets With Governors

WASHINGTON (AP) The nation‘s governors met with President Carter
Monday to press their demands for federal action to step-up energy
production and for less Washington interference with state cncrg_\
development plans. The White House meeting. second in a two-din
conference on energy production. followed in speech by Secretary of Slillt‘
Cyrus Vance which called for promotion of domestic energy to rclicvc thc
dependence on Arab oil. The governors expressed the some concern to
Carter. saying “it is essential that we develop all possible sources ()fdmllt'sllc
oil and gas consistent with ottr environmental goals. to protect tiut'scIH‘s
against future cmbargocs and allow us to meet our fuel needs."

Med Students Banned From Hospital Unions
WASHINGTON (AP) The Supreme Court let stand Monday it decision
barring certain staff membcrs. including medical interns and resident
physicians. in city-run and other nonproﬁt hospitals from joining llllltllh
The justices refused to review a ruling by the 2nd US. Circuit Court oi
Appeals that federal labor policy preempts any state granting the right oi
collective bargaining to such hospital staff members. The NLRB l'lllL'tl tti
I976 that interns, residents and clinical fellows at such facilities nil
classiﬁed as ‘housestaff officers" ~ should not be allowed to burgnin
collectively. Such staff members are “primarily engaged in gt'tidtttiir
educational training“ and “their status is therefore that of students rntlicr
than of employees." the board said after conccdingthat the staffers possusscd
"certain employee characteristics.“

Government Not Obllged to Fund Busing
WASHINGTON (AP) The Supreme Court. dcnying on appeal lintrt
Kentucky. said in effect Monday that the federal govcrnmcnl docs not how
to help pay the costs ofcuurt-ordcrcd busingto achieve racially dcscgrcgutcil
public schools. The justiccs rcjcctcd without commcnt an appeal by
Kentucky Gov. Julian M. Carroll seeking permission to ask for lcdcrtil help
in paying for busng in thc Louisville area. one ofhundrcds of school disti tcis
across the nation carrying out court-ordered busing. The court‘s tictioii htir \.
at least for now. any hope other state and localschool districts may hurt- hint
to get such federal hclp.

Carter Appoints Beame to Advisory Commission
WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter appointed former New York Mayor
Abraham D. Beame on Monday as chairman of thc Advisory Commission
on intergovernmental Relations. The Zia-member commission Cttllslslx or
representatives of federal. state and local governments who try to win"
common problems. Beatnc. 7|. was mayor of New York from 1974 tintil
earlier this year.

Good of Saccharln Use Outweighs Bad
WASHINGTON (AP) If using saccharin keeps a person from gaining
weight. the long-term canCer risk from the artiﬁcial sweetener is far lcssilitlil
the increased health risks caused by excess weight, according to a statistical
a"all’sis. Dr. Bernard L. Cohen. a University of Pittsburgh phWVN
specializing in risk assessment. said Monday preliminary data indicates tlttit
the beneﬁts of drinking a sticcharin-sweetcncd dict soft drink exceed the l tsl
if the drink prevents a person from taking injust one additional caloric In -|
report in the current issue of Science magazine. Cohen concludes Ilutl
drinking a diet soda daily during an entire lifetime cuts lift: CXpCClilill.) h)
nine seconds per l2-ouncc serving. This compares with it decreased lilc
expectancy of l2 minutes for every cigurcttc smoked. he adds.

Assembly Democrats Propose Welfare Bills
ALBANY, NY. (AP) A packugc of bills aimed at helping counties
administcr welfare programs rind cut crisis was proposed Monday hi
Assembly Democrats. Sponsors said the overall package. which includes it
bill allowing computer searches ofthc payroll records ofull working Pum'”
could save an estimated $35 million in welfare costs. But snow”)
acknowledged the program was also an attempt by the Denim-intri-
leadership to deal with some ofthc strongestcriiicism by county officials nud
Republicani- over state-mandated welfare programs rind regulation

 

  

PAGE TWO

ALBANY savanna mass

FEBRUARY as. 1978

 
 
  

 

 

 

by Susan Dearstyne ‘

SUNY Central will begin moving
its administrative ofﬁces March 17
from the Twin Towers Building on
State Street to the renovated DdtH
Plaza. renamed University Plaza.
The relocation is expected to cost
about 577.000. and should be
completed over the courSc of ﬁve
consecutive weekends.

SUNY Chancellor Clifton
Wharton will reside on the seventh.

 Oﬁcesj—M—byg.-m *D

eighth. and ninth floors of the old
Albany Evening Journal Building.
one of three buildings which make
up the plaza, when his quarters there
are completed.

The Plaza will house all SUNY
Central ofﬁces in one location.
centralizing some that have been
scattered in different buildings.
Savings from the Twin Towers rent
alone will be about $650.000aycar.

A spokesperson for SUNY

00A Interviews Applicants
For Coordinator Position

by Denise Lenci

The Off Campus Association is
now interviewing applicants for the
newly created position of off
Cumpus Coordinator.

According to OCA paralegal
ttdvisor 'l‘im Lcdwith. Central
Council allocated $4.000 last
semester to OCA for the position.
Ludwith said a fulltimc coordinator
is needed by OCA to “pull all the
projects together and keep things
moving." The term of the position
will run frorn mid~March to August
when it would be subject to review by
Central Council. he said.

()CA President John Kennedy
said ti liclp wuntcd ad was placed iii
the Albany Times Union and the
NY. Times several weeks ago. He
stiid OCA rccicvcd about one
hundred responses and have
narrowed thrit numbcrdown to it) or
15. Kennedy stated the top two or
three applicants will rccicvc 'd second
itilcrvtcw before the final decision is
made.

|.cdwith said the new coordinator
must have knowledge of organizing

and experience in dealing with
s'tudcrits. The job description sent
out by OCA lists the following
responsibilities for the new
coordinator: initiating and
overseeing the development of OCA
projects. supervising the OCA staff
and ofﬁce. establishing permanent
contacts with university and
community groups. organizing off
campus students on a grass-roots
lcvcl. working to expand and
improve the OCA program.
participating in the selection of thc
OCA paralegal advisors for fall
I978. and reporting monthly to an
()(‘A governing board.

Kennedy said he plans on doing
tnorc for off campus students this
semester and needs the coordinator
to keep things running smoothly.
lhc OCA spring program is
planning the following activities:
gciicrul organization (an effort to
draw students into the OCA rind
involvc thcrti actively in \’1li‘i0lis
projects). paralegal scrvtccs.
publications. social events.
consumer and political action.

SUVYA to Hold Helios

A conference cntitlcd“Hclios:
From Myth to Solar Energy" will bc
held from March lb—ltl in the
SUNYA Alumni House Conference
Center. The sympostum will focus
on thc role of the sun in myth.
litcrttturc. art. music and
technology.

The conference rcpt'cscnts lllt: first
time til SUNYA lllltl faculty frotn
thc Sciences and Humanitics
have worked together on such it
pl'tijL‘L'l. according to Dircctor ofthc
Atmospheric Sciences Research
Center. Dr. Volkcr Molinon.

“HELlOS” will include the

m;

HELIOS involves relations between the sun and man. according to

  

presentation of 42 papers by US.
and Canadian scholars on all aspects
of the relation between the sun and
man. according to Director of The
Institute for Humanistic Studies
Dr. M.E.Grenander.

The kcynotc SPL'llltL‘i‘ at the
conference will bc Dr. Henry H.
Marvin. Director of the Division of
Solar Technology in President
Carter's Dcpartmcnt of liricrgy.

All talks are free and opcn to the
public. There is it charge to tillcrid
the reception and rnctils.

Dean of the College of
Humanities and Fine Arts. John

UPS/ SCOTT AIEMAN

Director at the institute for Humanistic Studies Dr. ME. Grenandsr.

FEBRUARY 28. 1978

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

I

Central said the decision to renovate
the plaza was made in‘order to both
preserve a historical building and to
contribute to the revitalization of
downtown Albany. The University
Plaza is located on Broadway at the
foot of State Street. .

The total cost for purchasing and
renovating the plaza has reached l8
million dollars.

The three buildings which make
up the plaza arc: the D&H Building.
the old Albany Evening Journal
Building. and the old Federal
Building. It will eventually house9 l0
employees.

A spokesperson for the SUNY
Board of Trustees said Wharton
decided to reside in the Plaza. after
refusing the SUNY Chancellor
House. “because the building was
already being renovated [and] the
sptice needs can be readily

t‘UIilfIiut'll on page four

        

 

   
 
 

 
 

   
  
  

 
 
   

       
   
 

   
  
 
    
    
  
 
 
  
 
   
 
  
 

      
     
      
      
       
 

 

i

r it
" I.“
b; *3



t

l> 

i

' i

it

I l

i

w s

The Dal-l Plaza on Broadway and state Street will house all SUNY 5
Central oltlcos. The rolocatlon will cost about 811.000. . t/ 

, g".

 

 

- "t

UNYA Hosts NYPIRG Convention "g

by Steven J. Sllverberg _ , , . 
Tth hundred scvcnlyﬁvc differentcollegcsandurcas ‘ ‘ found _, u r " ‘ ‘ inthe ,ﬁ‘
People from l7 chapters of the New ‘wmkShops‘ "bum NYNRG issucs- H “dson valley are“ near‘ it“
york Public Interest Research There were 28 workshops available POUBhKCCPSi¢~ "I “’35 in“ informed .‘4
Group spam last weekend at located in lecture centers on topics that the": haVe been ﬁltration "
SUNYAforthcirﬁfth nnnualspring gm" “5 "‘c “3° 0‘ “‘9 mediﬂv and “mm “5‘3"” i“ “‘° Hum“ 
conference, increasing the effectiveness of the Valle Area funded by the Cill’ 0f .
“The main purpose is for people organization. Poughkeepsic," Hang announced at .
from different parts of New York in addition. the NYPIRG Public the ceremony- "It will selaprcccdem '
who worked on the same issues to Citizens Awards were presented by for Albany. SChenecmdy and Other '
mch rind talk with each other and Community Organizer for the New areas." he said. "
work out their issues while havinga City chapter of NYPIRG Marilyn 0" 58mm“)! “lghlv NYPIRG 

good time.“ said SUNYA NYPIRG
member Robi Schlaff.

"NYPlRG is involved with
consumer protection. ecological
protection. and society." according
to Director of NYPIRG Donald K.
Ross.

On Saturday. the members front

Conference

Shumultcr said the conference is
extremely important for two
reasons. “First. it will be good in
general for Humuriitics and the
College to be seen us it center for
interdisciplinary research. Second.
it will make other schools aware of
tltc culihrc of instructor we have
here."

ActingSUNYA President Vinccnt
()‘l.ctiry said hc thinks the project
will help to crctitc it link between the
Sciences and Humanities.

'l'hc Institute for Humanistic
Studies. which initiated “HELIOS”.
is made up of thirty fellows in
Humanistic disciplines chosen by an
advisory council. according to
(ircnundcr. ()‘l.curv sittd they are it
new group on campus; only one )’t:itf
old.

Shumtikcr said two international
conferences may he licld next year.
one on the rcltitton bctttccn lllL'
Humanities and Computers. and
another. culled ti Symposium oti
Death.

“The Humanities lose their power
when they fail to interpret the spirit
of the age." Grcrittndcr said. “A
Mufti-disciplinary context was
needed to bring togcthcr leading
scholars. It is appropriate that we
come out of those ivory towers to
make available to the public file
insights that the Humanitics bring to
the problems of our age."

The confcrcncc is being sponsored
by The institute for Humanistic
Studies. the College of Huniutiities
and Fine Arts.and the Atmospheric
Sciences Research Center. It is also
being funded by a grant from the
New York Council for the
Humanities.

- D Lenci

 

threw a party on Dutch Quad and
about 300 people attended.

On Sunday members attended
seminars on generalconccpts such as V
the entire concept of NYPIRG and
the roles that organizational leaders 5.
should play.

Most of the student members of
NYPIRG from across the state were
housed by SUNYA NYPIRG
members. although about is
students spcnl Friday night in the
gym until other accomodations were
found.

According to SUNYA NYPIRG
member Sicvcn Coplon. SUNYA
was chosen to host the conference
because of its central location in the
state. This is the fourth year that
SUNYA has hosted the NYPIRG
spring conference.

0ndrusik on Saturday. These
awards which are given every spring
were televised by WNBC. channel 6.
and WCBS. channel 13.

The awards went to co-chairs of
the East Flatbush “Bank on
Brooklyn“ campaign Diane and
Tom Moogan. against rediining.‘

Chair of SUNYA's chapter of
NYPIRG Eric Edwards deﬁncs
rcdlining as “batik investment based
on geographic location. They won‘t
invest in certain areas u it‘s
discrimination based on locations.“

The Moogans conducted at pickct
for six months in front ofthc Greater
New York Savings Bank on
Hutbush and Nostrand Avenues.

Another award was prcscntcd to
Walter Hang, an environmental
scientist from New York City who

Fasting Students Raise
Money for World’s Hungry

by Aron Smith

Almost $lt).000 was raised Friday
and Saturday Mich 900 SU N YA and
Sicnu (‘rillcgc students participated
in Crop‘s second annual 30-hour
fast for world hunger. SUNYA.

Students collected sponsors who At Stcnti. hunger-related
ngrccd to pay it spccttic amount for nctivitics bcgitri its early as Thursday
cuch liour fasted. night. with it special religious service,

ll u ngcr-rcla tcd ilCl ivrtics Another scrvicc followed on Friday
coordinated wuli thctnstdrcw about night. during tlic regular dinner
forty students. according to filsl hours. This preceded a showing of
organizer Joseph Campo. Friday the lilrn “Hunger in America“ and
night‘s activities includcd films. a simulation games led by Siena
speech and slide presentation by Professorof ReligiousStudies Merle
New York State Crop Director Longwood.
Doug Anderson. and a coffeeless “The whole thing basically ran
coffeehouse featuring guitarist about two. two and a halfhours.and
'l'otnmy Fischer. we asked people to participate over

Fiftccn fosters slept overnight iii at Albany State." said fast organizer
the Dutch Quad U-Loungc. lrcnc Bishop. “We had gotten the
according to Campo. food service over here to promise

Among Saturday‘s speakers were that for every hundred students that
Assemblyman Morris Hitichcy (0- would fast. they would give us the
Ulster) and Bread for the World New money from the meals." ,,
York Division Director Dennis Three-quarters of the funds
Meyer. Hinchey spoke on New York collected by fosters at SUNYA and
State food and farm policy. Meyer Siena will be distributed to
conduetcd a letter writing campaign
encompassing both Congress and
the state legislature.

Fastcrs also participated in

 

consciousness-raising simulation
gtirncs and mixed media
presentations covering mass media
and hunger. technology and hunger.
liungcr in Africa. and food waste at

underdeveloped countries by
Church World Services. The
remaining funds will beneﬁt Lwanga
and Mercy Homes in Albany.

no: ennui V

     

a? powwow

