 

 

 

Despite Aerial Barrage,
5-2 Albany Wins 41-31

by Paul Sehvnm

The only thing missing Saturday
was an attack by sea. Albany used
a land attack. while Cortland took
to the air for their onslaught. The
results were basically the same:
total domination of opposing
defenses. and the Danes escaping
with a 4l——31 victory to tiei up this
Saturday‘s showdownwith Ithaca.

For the Danes. it was Levi Louis
that once again led the way. the
gifted sophomore ran circles
around the Red Dragons all
afternoon. and by game‘s end he
totaled 203 yards and three
touchdowns. and bad one '. tiS-yrrrdi
outburst called brick.

“It was Just another greti
perlornianee ltrr Levi." 'aid l):irlL'
head coach ltob I‘ord. “He has the
great ability tti take a tackle and
bounce with it arid spill and hit arid
twrst and continue to go lor
yardage utter he‘s been hit. He‘s a
great Division III running back.“

Cortland came out With the tiltist
awesome passing attack that
Albany lirid ever Witricssed. With

 

this week.

tie 'astating li-tl season.

considered Ior post-season play.

ollense.
tremendous test tor us.

bits their treads ttigetlier.

points on the board.

era/.y.

 

 

 

k
It’s Ithaca Next . . .

Alter rnanhiindlrng Hobart College this weekend 48-0. ltltaca
College‘s Iootball team is certain ot retaining their seeding its tops in
the last and third in the nation when the rankings come out later

On Saturday the Danes Iiave their chance to Iiiilt Ithaca‘s
Alter their 4|-.\| victory over Cortland .
Albany Iiead coach Iloh I-tirtl aiitl sortie tit his players commented
tilt their upcoming crucial home game. wtrrch they must writ to be

Ford: Ithaca has greatness everywtlcre tilting the trite
it great defense. their kicking teams are excellent. It‘s ii

Levi Louis: We‘re ready mentally and physically. I think everyone
Brad Aldrich: I don‘t know what they have. bill I tllirik we‘ll ptit
Rich Auflero: We Just httve tti play it great game

defensively. It We don‘t make the pltiytitls. we‘re gonna be it spoiler
anyway . . . by .Monday we'll be psyched and by Friday we‘ll be

John Veruttt: We'll in..an ttir tttitt
ilying for that one. 

Cal Flint: Ooh. Ooh. Psyche-d: We‘re gonna be rertdy tor them. We
but: lookrrig around the corner and now they‘re right in lrortt 01 its.

quarterback John Simek throwing
ant overwhelming 67 times and
completing 35 tor 444 yards. the
Dragons' virtually rewrote the
Danes' record books.

“It Wits one til those days."
lanlcnted Dane defensive etiacb
Jitek Siedleckl. "they came out
wrtll ti completely dillercilt tillensc
titan Whirl We expected. It was it
helluva game plan."

It was the absence ol ttny
discerniibtc delensive pressure that
led to the game‘s astronomical
tittcnslvc stittistrcs. IIie two teams
combined Itir ti marathon-like Il‘)tl
totrtl yards. arid a tribtite to the
wrtle tipcri play was the sparse total
til two prints. both by the Danes.

llrc Cortland game plan that
caused so many Albany headaches

crrciis catches tiritl an oltense that
utrIi/ed a “bitcklield in motion."
this constant movement contused
the Dane delenders.

"We hadn't secntheriitise that type
ol ollcnsc beltire." explained
Stcdlecki. “so we weren‘t prepared

n

it great

otlensively rind

there's no question we‘ll be

 

 

V

Iv, ,. bite .m . r. .

H 1 Albany halfback Bruce Churchwott evades Cortland‘s Steve Hanna
was it "mum 0' "WWW Wm“- Five and two Albany state hosts national powerhouse Ithaca Saturday In

[or it. Willi all their movement they
only kept one gtly in the backlicld

r lllill lllL'llllh more I‘CCL'lVL'lS (ll
cover. they were hurting its in the
Iirst hall. and we tried to make
some changes. but there are just so
many adjustments you can make at
hatttriiie.“

the recipient ol many ot Siniek's
prnporrit passes was I‘rank
(iorolcskr. who trriic alter time
ltitirttl an empty scant iii the Albany
secondary. Alter Ilr catches gtiod
lot 244 yards. (loroleski erirried
raves lrom his opponents.

"Ile iiiade some lttritastre
catches.“ said Sredlecki. “lie has it
great ability to get tipcri. and he
made some catches when other
receivers wouldn't have even
touched them.

“there's no dolibt he‘s a great
receiver." added Dane delensive
brick Rich lleirnerle. “ l he big thing
was that we took away the pass
patterns he was runrting. biit lie
was breaking his patterns. Ile Went
to the open area and Siniek was
waiting for him It) get open. and
even when he wasn't open he was
catching them.“

Despite the aerial boriititii‘driient.
the Ditties held tip title to an
explosive oltensive attack of their
own. Amassrng ti season high 464
yards rushing. Albany rttn almost

 

Danes Manage To Get By In Cortland (Barely)

at Will throuin the porous Dragon
dctense, Ilehrnd l.t)lllS iii the
hilcklrcld was lullhack Mike
Mirabella. who had another at his
series ot solid PL'l'ltll‘lltltllCL'S Willi
I.l| yards. Add quaqutirtcrback
Ilrad Aldrrcti's tt‘). and it results iii
a Dane wrsliboric that was in hiin
gctir.

“I tell Itilrly eomlortrible that we
were going tti come otrt and move
the ball.“ said I-ord. “But I didn‘t
know ll we were going to tie able to
close Cortland down. He (Simek)
had a Iiot hand in the lirst hall. ttrid
it sure as hell didn‘t cool oil in the
second."

It was ill tlle lii'st hall that the
Ditties tlrst lell behind. Alter
leadrrig lt-tl Iroin ti grinding lti-pltiy
opening tlrrvc. the Ditties began ttr
tetel the cllccts ot Siriiek and Co.
All initial Cortland drive was cut
short by linebacker Don Hyde‘s
interception. but the next two
Dragon drives succeeded in putting
points till the board. (iiirtilcskr
sboivctI till his considerable athletic
ability on it pct'lcctly trmcd
touchdown hookup with Siritek.
longing laterally tti snare a pass
ltirowri trver the middle. tti give the
Dragons a [4-K titilltntie lend.

lll Iictwceti all the offensive
llUftllCh. lllCI'C WHS UllL‘
lirispeetncnlar play in the third

Home Invitational Crown Etudes Harriers

by David Osborn
it was a day til festivities and
pomp; oi memorable pcrlormnnces
following cilcti other like it circus
not building towrrrds it climax. An
atternoon spotlighting iiiiriicrous
indivrdiiats. witnessing the
boats liillriig a rioieli short of
.vrcttiry tll the l2tb annual Albany
lnvttiltrtirral men‘s varsity
country nit-ct Saturday.
Aided by lllt‘ slrl'litly wettkrricd
IIcId owed to trittay‘s It‘lus iti
New York. Albany State was
presented with its best fibril ill the
elusive ll‘itllt room in the cliissitz's
tttireii (ftlllltitt'r A stingy quintet til
l'lattvlrirrylr runners charged
tltrtltiglt rin so» litlIt‘ court-e
“"tt'ttx the tort Jo triirsticrs tlliiltglt.
“Hunt-t llit: l)iltlt"v ltir tIir:

L'l’tlhh

championship. 72-83.

While a bright airtitmn stiri
wririticd the 220 participants in tour
divisions. clusters ol spectators.
iiltcri two or three rows tlcep. lined
the route ot the races. lil tt
competition that Ilrisdcvetoped into
ti regional gritllerrng oi sorts. the
only tlrstipptirritiiicnt lr'onl rlri
Albany viewpoint was a marginal
ilclctit slapped trri by the aggressive
('rirtltirals

Albany's |;i)’\t't‘ squad. 7-l ltt
dtrrrl lilt't‘l'i tor the season. won
lltt:t| Willi ti combined
gallant cllort.

"W‘l‘ inst trrctl to get a good hulk
til our runners ritrt III the trout prick

section

and in them till] even \Vllll thc
trad: l‘i “ said Dan Klein.
l'l.itt~.IitiigIr‘-. t'tlilt'll. pttltrlig the

matter in simple terms. "My
titiiribei'-orie tnan lcll off the pace it
hit titter challenging ciirly. btit we
tolIoWed our strategy enough to
take the meet."
the trip Cardinal runner. Kevin
Leonard. could only manage a
‘llllllll-[llthC liniin timong varsity
entrants. Combined with the “lit
place showrng oi llob Russell and
the lath slot llnlsll ltri‘ llob l iiStillc.
that was enough to deny Albany a
Will.
"I thought we cotiltl Win it so
[was it little disappointed." said
lltiilc t'otrt'h Iloli Munscy. "It
. n't'it-ally rr case oi what we
didn't tlo though, tl was what they
(l'lnttsbiirglrl tlrtl do."

t'lirttsbiirgtr was 1.1 points ntop
lllt‘ l)ltllt'\ til the SUNY/H's ll lcw

 

weeks ago so the margin was sliced
somewhat. For three Albany
seniors. cttptiiiri Mark l.iivrirl. .Iohri
Little and lid Von ttevern.who run
their limit Irivrtritionrll. graduating
wrthotit taking the crown was of
~litt|e solace. It was. however. their
best tiilly ever.

"I enjoy running Ilcre rind it was
my ltlSl time ever on the bottle
t'otrrsc l‘ic t‘tlll sti man)
said a tlrscoiisotatc Invali It llt‘“ i .-.
the lltt‘t'. “I crln't any ll r." t i
have been nice tti liltiin tlclc “till a
victory. but I'ltittslinrgli is nobody
tti 50”” at. We run It ttnc meet and
they were prst that little bit better."

l'ioph Scan Reilly. who rs iitiw til
lilin gent itttet showing nagging
t-tlccts til a leg niltiry ctrrlrct in thc

toritinncil on page lrltt-cii

tion...

 

y In tlrst hall at Danos' 41-31 wln.
a crucial contest. (Photo: Stave Otrutial

 
  
 

October 31. 1978

quarter that turned the game
around. Alter recovering a Iiiinble
oil the Dane 24-yiirdline Simek
again Itrurltl (iotolcski. this time
tor ti 23-yard completion. With a
tlrst down illid only one yard tiwtry
trtiiii a coriimaridrng Ztl-tt letid.
Cortland gtive the Danes a iiiticli
appreciated break.

A broken play cruised Srmek to
scramble. tall. and alter a possible
lilte whistle. tumble. An alert
lleirnerle ptitliicetl on the ball till
the two-yard line. aritl the Ditties
had their break. An Aldrich run oi
2| yards gave the Ditties stiriie
breathing rooiri. and then the
senior ctr-captain lrrcd coriipletrons
to I1tl Sellers and Scott l.tlSllcl' tti
set up Albany‘s git—ahead score.
Capping the ‘lK'ytlrtl drive was it
Louis high step iritti the end/one.

"I Iiiit lurirbte cost its the game.“
Simek. “t was getting ruir
dtiwri anti l JItSl missed the
liiitidolt. I Wits tlclirittely down.
liettire the whistle. though. aritl that
hurts."

"We were in luck city right about
then." said Aldrich.

Alter ii 17-yard field goal put
Cortland back on top l7-I5. the
Danes ptit together two ilrives that
delliied the rapid motion. big pliiy
Wishbone oltcrise that the Danes
strive lor. Mixmg their plays ltp
more citeetivcly than any other
time this season. Albany whipped
past the red-shirth defenders like it
terim in a hurry.

Leading by two points to start
the total qtiitrter. Simek
immediately went for another quick
score. llrs ~lIsl attempt til the (lily
was it lorig pas down the sidelines.
where ti leaping (‘al l-tint ilititle the
interception on the Albany nine—
yttrd hire. aritl then it was the
Danes trirn tor sortie qtirck scoring.

Aldrich opened up it passing
grime (seven ot l5 toi lilo yards)
that gave the throes an added
dimension to their already potent
ground attack A perfect pita.» ttr ii
stiitlrng Sellers gave Albany it ill-
yttrd completion. rind Mirttticllti's
.bt-ynrtl Jtllllll on the next plrly gave
the Ditties the lead lot good.

said

 

Iotlis strilt' ll'tt‘ shtiii on thr-
Diincs' iii-\t oltrnsltc scr‘ics.
Iirciikrng tackles on it .‘tl \.ut|

contrnttcd on page Irltct-n

 

  
  
    
       

 

Adi

Vol. LXV No. 41

by Steve Oster

Sometime within the next few
months. the SUNY lloiird of
trustees will gti lit the negotiating
table to bargain tor a new contrilct
witIt its |(r.200 academic and
prtilcssioniil employees. that group
will presumably be represented by it
pi'trlessionals iiilioii. lltiwever. rit

 

intros;

this time the only ccrtrlnr aspect ol
SilNYJitbor's representation is that
it is beginning it) r'eserrrblc. both in
appearance and character. a hth\l ot
alphabet soup.

('tiirsider' this: 'I lie incuriibcnt
tltll’ is being challenged bythc rival
leA. which recently allied itsclt
wttIi the AAIII’. However. the elec-
tion to dccrtlc between the tWo.
which is being executed by l’l2RIl.
was recently stalled by protest lrorii

 

.—_——.———————-

l.tlrlor'i Nort': [bit or u Irl'u purl
\t’l'lt‘.\ orr lire/rivaling rrrrrurr tilt't'tr'mr.

   
 

An appropriate elmlle tor the cur

rent SUNY employees' union hassle

1918 by Albany Student Press Corporlttorl

the CIR. which claimed representa-
tiorl rights It) certain employees. To
lur'lher ctirtltiund a hopelessly con-
lounded situation. the OER
questioned the status ot the same
group ol employees. further delaying
the clectiott.

Soiliid it hit staggering? It's not
c\L‘Il complete. Only five years ttgti
the principals In the election. the
National litlllcttltll's Association
(MA) and the tlnited University
l’rolcssions tlJtll’l. both wore the
colors til NYSIII. blrt Illll’ split
trwrty lrorii NI'A iiiitl is now at-
tihritcd with the AH and AI-l.-t'l().
.’vlcrinwlii|c. leA is represented lll
New York by the NleA

It one tirids that corilrrsrng. the
stormy history ol SUNY labor
relations. which reads like a lliirtild
Robbins novel. bill dtill. is enough to
rirakc oiie's hair stand on end,

Since the 1970 ltiylor | all. which
oritlrrted provisions tor public
employee bargaining. SUNY
employees have seen no less than sis
acronyms vie lor their dues. in that
time lliicc scpriirrte contracts have

   

with UUP and NEA la a can of alphabet soup. (Photo: Steve ngro)

Danes-Ithaca Football

by Paul Scllwartr
riittl Rich Seligson

lbcrc will be regional television
ctiterrtgc of all Albany State spor-
tttig c\cnt tor the lost little when the
Attt‘ lcle\ rsioii Netiior k broadcasts
toriiorroil‘s Albany Stittcdthticii
tollcgc lootball conlloiitatitin.

the garlic. \\lllt'll may be seen
locally on \Vll'.N starting ill 4:00
p.rn.. will be broadcast live trorn
lllt'ckcr Stadium in downtown
\lilrtlt)‘. lhc agreement was Itiitilrl<
ctI lttcsdriyttllcr noon Iiyri telephone
iiicssrigc litllll an ARC tillrciiil to
SUNYA head ItrotbrtII coach Ilob
l ord.

As the host school. Albany will
receive $9.000 in television revenue.
'Wllll Ithaca gaining $0.000. A small
percentage of the income will go iii
the National Collegiate Athletic
Association (NCAA) and ltiisteril
Collegiate Athletic (I‘onfcrence.

“It's great exposure for the
players. the team. and the school."
said l‘tll'ttl. "It helps spread the iiitriic
oi the university."

According lti ABC producer Don
llci'nstein. ltIlnttl Sports Informa—

tion Director ltob Miirit originally
envisioned the tclciisioll tiiiitclittp.
"l‘m Ill\t)l\’ctl Ill keeping the pulse
beat on Division III games." said
llcr iistcin. “Ithaca was obviously the
cream til the Izast this year." Itctns—
lt.'ltt indicated lie was aware of
Albany "s sticcr'sslul season last year.
when the) ittlitinccd til the NCAA
I)r\rslori lll scliiiliniils.

l tiitl said that Ithaca was reached
by Albany‘s Itiotlirill ollicc about the
tclccrist and they readily agreed.
"they were iirit interested in the
llltlltL'. be said. " l lrcy pist Witltl to
will ttlc game and the national chain-
pitinship,“

SUNYA l’residerit Vincent
(Henry was "delighted" Willi the
television package, which will iii-
t-ttitle tr one-minute tiiilt'time filiti
about SltNYA. "I think we have llll
esccllcrit university." said (Henry.
“and tiny little people can see it.
that‘s great. It's pliliiiexcitingforttle
students to have this event.“

the game will be shown in ritiitiy
upstate New York locales its well as
parts of Massachusetts.

triiriicdititely lifter 'l'uesday's deci-

 

  
 
 

 

ALBANY
STUDENT
PRESS u

State Untverslty at New York at Albany

Ballots Wait As Unions Simmer?

been negotiated. in accordance with
state law.

Arid now. SUNY employees are
being asked tti strtiiil the soup rind
conic tip Willi trri answer. the issues
involved in the election nre cloudy.
and the rhetoric that has been buried
hack and birth is even cltiudicr. One
week ago. representatives of built the
titll' and the Nl-.A emerged from a
ti tistrating day-long birrgainitig ses-
sion calling each other liars. with art
election date still rlol set.

the conlliets which dcitrilcd that
iltccttttg took root nearly nine years
ago. witlt SlINY's lrtst representa-
tron electron. I~our groups contend-
\‘tl that clctstloll. the Senate
I’rolcssrtinirl Association tSI’A); the
Slate lllirictsrty l‘L'tlL‘llllltlll oi
teachers tSlll- I l. tlll tiltiliirtc til the
Articricitn I'ctlcr'atron ol leiicllcr‘s
tAl‘ | l. and the Civil Service
I riiployccs Association.

\o candidate received the re-
qutrctl llltljtll rty. strti rim—till election
between the tWo top vote-gutters.
SI'A arid SlII I. wrtslield. llic Sl’A
nits victorious.

Soon alter. Ill |‘)7I. the SPA af-
Irllatcd iirtli the New York State
lciicllers Assocttrtion. who were
themselves an attihtitc ot the l‘./\.
In June ot the same year. SlJNY‘s
Irist labor contract was negotiated.

However. by the little it second
ctnitiact Wits sticccsslully negotiated
tlt l‘)74. the SPA merged With the
Still. whom it deletited in t')7t.
()ut trl tIlrit alliance \tiis borrl the
tlllt’. It wits strll rrllilirttcd witli the
\|.A. At this point. then. the two
agencies currently opposirig each
other were under one tool.

that situation didn‘t last long. In
[970. the lilll’ tilcmbcrsliip disill-
tihtiictl themselves with the NliA.
Iiiit maintained SUNY eniptoyees'
bargaining rights. its well its its tif-
tilitttron with the Al- I. by this little.
.’\I A charges. the lllll’ leadership
lltltl been taken over bytlie leaders of
Slll- l . which. it you remember. was
\trlL‘tl doth by SUNY ernptoyces iii
the |‘)7l election. Ibis is probably
true. its lllll"s current president,
Sam Wtikshull. was president oftlie

 

sion was reached. the telecast plans
\\ crt: rrict with cortllict. Sicltii
('ollcgc‘s lootanI learn. which coin~
pctes til the club level. Iiatl their
bomccomiiig game against New
\oik Maritime scheduled at ltleeker
lot I put. Starting the game at that
time did not leave Albanyiind lthacii
ctiiiltgli practice tirric or give the
grounds crew an opportunity to
rclrilc the field tor the telecast. rtcctri-
drug to l’tlttl.

lord tlictl cttllcti Srcntt lictrd loot-
btrII coticli Ken Rttlston to captain
the problem. "We talked abotit four
alternatives to solve the conflict."
l‘ord said. “I asked Ilriii tti move
their gariic to our lield. but he didn't
want tti move because it was l’itrent's
Weekend for tllerii.

"lie wouldn't move the game to
Sunday. and playing it night gnrtte
after its at ltlecker was otit because
they bad it dance scheduled. I asked
hiiti to move his game up to noon
[5th.] and he told me he'd think
about it."

Ratston called Ford's office at
9:50 pan. the same night and in-
dicated that l2:45 p.nt. oil Saturday

 

 

UUP Preetdent Sam Walt-bull traded chargol oi lmproprtety. uatng
stalling tactlcl. and outrtghttylng wltb NEA Ipolielperlomtaltweek.

Slit-l during tlirii vote. In March of
I077. a llrrrd contract was signed by
lltll' and SUNY.

tllll’ never enjoyed a mandate. as
only 4.500 til SUNY‘s lti.2(l0
ciiiployc s Iiad joined its runltstis til
Septcriihcr til l‘)77. At that time.
N |2A burned the Committee for Fair
Representation tCI-Rl. and began to
formulate plans tti challenge IJUI’
tor union rights.

I.trst .lune. NicA completed afour-
rlioritll petition drive which netted
entitiin signatures to call for it
representation election through the
Public I-.irrpltiyees' Relations ltotird
ll'l‘.l(lll. that agency would act as
tllL‘tliltitll’ aritl tll‘gtllllltll' for the elec-
tron.

 

the ballot was tti otter SUNYv

employees the options of staying
with tllll’. changing over it) NliA.
or having tio representation mail. In
the light ol events over the past three
months. it scents quite possible tlliit
the latter choice may will by default
or csaspcr'atiori. whichever comes
ltlsl.

Since last September btitlt sides
have ritet across the negotiating table
twice. with the only tangible

Game To Be Televised

would he the earliest he would
reschedule the game. Riilston told
tool that Maritime would iitit be
able to make an overnight trip. and a
starting time which wits other than
I.‘.:45 would require tllerrl to do so.

A discouraged l‘tll'd tlleii said. “I
guess we‘re going to have to bow out
tit li then.“

Still hoping for the game to go till
the art. Wednesday morning Ford
called Sieiiit Club Football President
tom \Vtilsh. the Albany conch
again attempted to move Sierra out
ol lllcckct' and suggested SlJNYA‘s
licltl its a l:.lt) p.in. site for the Sienri
contest. In addition. lie offered to
donate $500 frorii Albany's televi-
sion revenue to the Sierra club foot-
ball program.

“It was the only alternative that
would liiive benefitth both State
arid ourselves." said Willsh. “We
accepted the proposal.

“It was it funny situation. We were
not trying tti make enemies because
of the thing. but it was not a problem
we created. i think we resolved the
situation tti everyone's beneﬁt." said
Wuhili.

evidence of their efforts being confu-
sion rind frazzled tempers.

they first met on Sept. it at PERI!
headquarters in Colonic. in hopes of
expediting election plans. However.
the t'onirtiittee of Interns and
Residents (CIR) iiltd the state Office
of limployce ReliitioristOEthlirew
ii lew monkey wrenches into the
Works.

CIR represents sortie 600 SUNY
employees in health-related fields at
the Upstate and Downstate Med
(enters. Stony Brook's Health and
Science Center. and the Buffalo
School oi Medicine. they petitioned
I’lzRIl. ill the meeting. to have its
members dealt witli its a separate en-
iity lroril SUNY employees.

('orrently. rill SUNY academic
and professional staff are
represented as a single unit. but CIR
lecls that health-related employees
have "specific needs which require
specitrc represeiitittion."

I o complicate matters further. the
(MR then raised the question of
whether or riot this group should be
considered cmployees‘ut all. They
|t)liR] argued that. inasmuch as
these employees tire for the most part
interns. residents, and riled students.
they should be given studentsttitus.

I his coniliet stilled election pluris
tor weeks. with bureaucratic foul-
ups contributing to the delay. 'I‘wrt'e
meetings to resolve the issue had to
be cancelled because OER failed tti
produce simple computer lists.

to the meantime. charges and
countercharges llew back arid fortli
between the NBA. and UUI’. Erich
claimed that the other was responsi~
ble for everything from delaying the
election tti distorting the issues to
political chicanery. In the meantime.
SUNY employees lucked leadership
with the backing and power

continued on page four

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

