»¢-s.....‘...u a... .. .  .

 

' "1w" » rz’G-V‘T’Hu:  ,mﬂwmﬁ.‘ _ ’ ' _‘_ ‘~ _ _

W-‘MutNI—nzwv-‘U‘fl‘runmww * *0...

It ﬂfte ﬂlI'These floors 

  

 
 

etuming Stude

"K

 

 

 

I

in many jobs where one was formerly
unnecessary, perhaps the most interesting

 

felt like my mind was going

.1

 

..  1%..-.

it"s—'2: :w-

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

dead." ' . . I
and Important one is a demographic one.

Mary Dave is an attractive

29 year—old divorcee with a

B.A. in psychology and that
oft-touted symbol of success, a “good
job" in a bank. She also is a ﬁrst-time
student here at SUNYA taking an
introductory journalism class at night.
And she no longer feels her mind is dying.

J.M. Reilly

 

“I‘m learning about politics, art 
this is the best thing I've done in a long
time . . . There are so manythings I want
to know about now."

And Mary Bove is notalone. She is one
of more than 2400 students enrolled in
non-graduate courses here this fall who
are collectively known as the "non-
traditional,“ or. more commonly, the
“olde "‘ students on catnpus.

Alt tough not all of these students are
necessarily older, most are “non-
traditional" becattse they work full time,
have been away from school fora number
of years, attd are not strictly, or even
primarily members of the acadetnic
world.

As a rule, colleges and universities in
this cotmtry and the world over have been
oriented toward serving the “traditional”
or "younger" student. generally between
the ages of lit and 22, who attends school
on a full—time basis.

llut over the past decade, and
particularly in the last few years, more
and more colleges and universities in the
United States. especially the smaller,
private schools, have been initiating and
expanding programs designed to attract
the non-traditional student.

While there are a number of reasons for
this, such as administrator's increased
sensitivity to community service, falling
enrollments in many schools. and the
importance of a degree for advancement

Dr. Rlchard Brenner was recrulted to head the c
here from leam College In Ohlo. (Photo: Bob Leonard)

colleges will soon be running out of 18-22
year olds.

The New York State Education
Department predicts that over the next
two decades, the number of people
between I5 and I9 in the US. will decline
by 22 percent, while there will be a 43
percent increase of those between 25 and
44.

The reason behind this is that the last
remnants ofthe post-World War II “Baby
Boom“ have all but passed through the

. academic system, leaving a gradually

expanding vacuum in their wake. Schools
across the country which had expanded
with expanding enrollments of the mid-
l960's and early 1970's as Boom babies
came of age, are finding it much more
difficult to readily contract with the
already shrinking figures of the
traditional students age group. and many
are having financial problctns as a result.
And things will only get worse.

Unless, of course, colleges and
universities make the necessary changes
now to get i n step with current and future
trends in population distribution.

According to Kay Hotaling, Assistant
Dean of SUNYA‘s College of General
Studies, tnorc than 5,000 people a year
take advantage of over 200 credit and
non-credit courses offered through the
College of General Studies here.

" Most of the people who comethrough
our program are older, and have been
away frotn school for years." Ms.
llotaling said. Although ages range
“from It; to I50, the average age of our
students is 32,“ she said. Most are part-
titne students, taking one or two courses
per semester. usually at night.

’l'hesc people come back to school for
an infinite number of rcasom,

Some, like Mary Bove, come back for
the intellectual stimulation academia
affords. Others come back for personal

  
  

  

ontlnulng Educatln program

cnrich'ment, to explore subjects and ideas
they didn'thave the time to pursue berm
Housewives whose children have grown
up, for instance, or business people who
have “made it," and can now relax a bit
and allow their attention to expand to
interests neglected for the sake of
professional adVancement are possible
examples.

Many ofthose who have yet to make it
come back for courses theythink will help
them, too. And some are pursuing a
degree, either’for job advancement or
With the intention ()fgoingon to gradumc
study.

As of now, the College oi General
Studies does not offer its own dcgtec
program, although most of the t‘tt'dit
courses are applicable toutnd «legtuc
programs at SUNYA and Ulilt‘l tulle-go
'l o obtain a degree, sltltlt'ltls ttlltst
tnatriculatc. or enroll in .t tit-pm
program, to complete lilt‘ll' ntodtm

SUNYA‘s new Dean ot (H'llllllllllt’
liducation, which is what llt\l ‘.t,‘.tl~'~ Ind

 

 

 

that will enable Continuing Education
students to fulﬁll degree distribution
requirements, which means offer-i ng more
courses of a wider variety at night, and
scheduling them so they may be taken in
the proper sequence.

Because of the additional difficulty
created by Department Major
requirements, most adult education
degree programs offer interdisciplinary
or Liberal Arts degrees.

Dressncr said the degree program will
call for “a great deal of integration of
scheduling" between day and night
courses, and those involved in the
Continuing Education program must be
“extremely conscious of not detracting
frotn the course offerings of traditional
students.“ He hopes he can “expose both
faculty and students to the idea of going
to class at night“asa positive possibility.

Dressncr hopes to bring about an
interminglng of traditional and non—
traditional students in a wide variety of
courses, offered at times otherthan those

 

Force on Continuing Education here
decided should be the official title ofthc
General Studies dean, came to Albany on
Monday.

Dr. Richard Dressncr was recruited to
head the Continuing education program
here from Hiram College in Ohio. llewas
the creator and Director of the Weekend
College there, an adult education
program designed to offer a ILA. degree
comparable to the degree earned by
traditional four—year college students.

Dressncr said the initiation of a ILA.
program in the College of (ieneral
Studies here will be his top priority, and
he hopes to initiate the degree program in
the college within the next two years. He
feels it is essential that the degtee (iffL'lCti
through the Continuing ittilIL‘iIllttll
program be comparable to the standard
four year degree offered by SUNYA-

“Continuing Education students today
want quality education, not tint!“I
painting exercises,“ DI‘CssIIL'I said. " Iltey
want a degree comparable to any four—
year degree, no less rut-sinuous. and
they're willing to work for it.“

This will entail developing .’I ptogtillll

 
  
 

within the typical 9-5 frame.

Dressncr is optimistic about the
Continuing Education program here at
SUNYA because of the commitment of
President 0‘ Leary and the administration
to the effort, as well as the support offered
by the State Education Department,
SUNY Central, the faculty here, and the
local community.

Dr. John W. Schumakcr, SUNYA's
Dean of the College of Humanities and
‘Fine Arts, is also very committed to the
continuing or adult education effort.

Under his direction, the College of
Humanities and Fine Arts has planned
and initiated the Capital District
Humanities Project, which will include
filing for a $l' million grant from the
National Endowment for the Humanities
(Nlill) in November.

The purpose of the project is threefold:
to make the Humanities more accessible,
relevant, and worthwhile to the rioti—
traditional student community; to
establish workshops and colloquia onlhc
humanities for educators, scholars, and
administrators involved in continuing
education programs nationally; and to

Kay Hotallng. Assistant Dean of the College of General Studies says more than
5,000 people are In the program. (Photo: Bob Leonard)

establish a resource center to aid other
institutions in planning and
implementing continuing education
programs in the humanities.

In order to make courses in the
humanities more accessible to adult
students, Schumakcr feels it is essential to
offer them off-campus, because many
people find the SUNYA campus to be “an
imposing and forbidding place.“

He wants to offer courses taught by
full—time SUNYA faculty at various
locations throughout the community,
such as libraries, community centers, and
the South Mall and the New York State
Museum.

The project has already run several
“experiments” along these lines. This past
summer, the College of ' Humanities
offered an interdisciplinary coursetaught
by Thomas Culley of the Music
Department and Richard Goldman oftbe
English Department at the Empire State
Plaza. The course was titled “Music and
Theater in Performance,“ and consisted
of discussion of performance as
expression and interpretation with
actors, directors and musicians, as well as
attending a number ofarca performances
of opera, ballet, classical music, and
plays.

This fall, an English course, "The
Modern Novel," is being offered at two
locations, the Bethlehem Public Library
and the Bryn Mawr bookshop.

Both projects were successful,
according to Schumakcr, and both were
financed by the College itself. To expand
and accelerate the programs, the Project
is asking the NEH for $l million overthe
next five years.

Schumakcr hopes to be able to develop

programs in several aretts, including
courses taught along the litres of the
regttlar college course format, such aslast
summer‘s course and this fall‘s novel
course.

He also hopes to establislt a modular
foreign language program featuring
"language rooms" throughout the
community, staffed by SUNYA faculty

 

l2 hottrs a day, where people can come to
study and use materials at their
convenience, and take the course one
credit at a time. at their own pace.

Schumakcr said he also hopes to
develop a writing program that will offer
not only expository, but critical, creative,
and advanced writing courses, as well as
local history and arts courses which will
take advantage of what the area has to
offer in the way ofboth. Special programs
such as the “Great Ideas" series of
seminars and discussions will also be
developed.

All courses will be high-quality courses
taught by “the most vital, imaginative
members of the faculty here,“ Schumakcr
said, and most will be credit offerings.

Schumakcr said the Project also
intendsto offer progratnsineconomically
depressed areas, held at community
centers like the Arbor Hill centerand St.
Johns in the South End. He hopes the
project will be able to provide partial
tuition subsidies for qualiﬁed area
residents.

To help develop, coordinate, and put
these programs into effect, an advisory
committee consisting offaculty members,
people from the State Education
Department, the Governor‘s office,
library, museum, and community center
directors, and local citizens, 30 members
in all. was formed three months ago.

While adult education program are
commonly found in many professional
schools, such as the School of Education
and School of Nursing here, Schumakcr
said this is the first time a College of
Humanities has undertaken a project of
this magnitude and gone about it in this
way.

Schumakcr points out that although
the primary commitment ofthe university
must still be to the traditional, l8-22 year
old student, to fulfill its responsibility as a
public institution, SUNYA must seek to
satisfy the needs of other sectors of the
community, particularly since the “non-
traditional“ student oftoday may become

the “traditional” student twenty years
from today,

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Mmew M, 

 

£E‘i‘mmm;» y... w N. .

 

