 

 

 

 

 

B‘l (onRGE, I THINK wE'REON
To soME'meet

 

 

The Great Chase

The Search for :2 SUN YA President

he search for the new SUNYA

president has reached epic
proportions. combing the wilds of
Africa. the frozen tundra of Alaska.
and a gas station in Cohoes.

The person chosen for this
hallowed position will become the
leader of the great SUNYA.
university of capital district.
retrencher of professors. molder of
boring accountants.

The search committee has donned
its pith helmets and kaki shorts in
the quest for the perfect president.
accordingto committee chalrmanJ.
Vanderbilt Highway.

"l've told them committee
members of mine to go out there and
not to come back until they've found
us a president.“ J. Vanderbilt
mumbled.

TIME has obtained the diary of
committee member l’aul
F‘eldperson telling of the vain
attempt to track down the new top
banana in the wild Junglea of
Africa.

Here are some of the key excerpts:

Feb. I: We arrive in the jungle

 

equipped with our resumes,
butterfly nets and dart guns. We are
hot on the trail of the leared animal.
"Potential SUNYA President." 1
have been given my instructions to
return with the beast or at least a
good excuse for not returning with
him. We camp out tonight in a local
lloward Johnson‘s. 'l‘ommorrcw.
the hunt begins.

'l'oniinorrow: It is tommorrow. at
least by yesterday‘s standards. By
tomorrow's standards it‘s
yesterday. but for the sake of
avoiding confusion. we shall go by
today's standards. which would
make it today. i said yesterday that
the hunt shall begin tomorrow. and
well. i guess that means we will
have to wait another day. because
after all. tommorrow is another
day.

Another Hey: The hunt shall
begin. Equipped with the necessary
bait. a university of immense
talent. unequaled symmetry.
limitless potential. and a package
of Hostess 'l'wiiikics. we begin the
search. Our native guide. Gunner

 

Williams. points out the trail left by
the feared animal. "Ali sees
footprints, and if y'all look closer.
them ain't normal footprints.
They've got the markings of an
egghead—them's real l’hl)
footprints!" We quit the Search and
return to camp in time to enter thi-
Howard Johnson's barbershop
quartet contest.

While in the middle of a Chorus of
"Sweet Adeline," a tremendous
roar is heard from the inneriuiigle
It is the feared "Potential SUNYA
President" and we could all llt‘ill'iis
he bellowed: “Psych I'I'XIIUl’illli‘lilh.
PhD Losses. Iictrcmrhniunis.
Aaaaurghl”

"Quick." l yelled. "'l‘lic 'l‘wuikn-h
get the 'l‘winkies." Gunner louilud
his shotgun with twinkics and shot
in the direction of the roar. it was to
no avail—the creature growled
even louder: "White Concrete, ('olii
Winters, Indian Quad (futons.
Rennaisance and l)ll\r1t'il/Jl
Postponnients. Business Mlljul‘lti
Aaaaaaurghl"

For a while. there Wits q lllul \t‘iili
binoculars. i could see a hairy ariii
rush in and swipe a package of
'I‘winkies. Finally. he madeone last
roar: “Next Time, Bring Me A ill-ills
Sub!"

i could see him stick his Longin-
out at me and give me the Nulsoii
Rockefeller finger as he turned in
leave into the darkness. "Is that a
no?" lyelled to him. No answer \li-
retire for the evening. tirieii
discouraged and 'l‘winkieluas

Although there have been tillit‘l'
failures such as this one. lllilll' has
hurt as much.

“That was a llllLJOl’ blow. said .I
Vandy. "Even worse than llil'
Alaskan ice chopper or the (foiiovs
gas pumper who both Hillfl they ll-lll
better offers."

Each possible candidate has in
conform to a special set of ('l‘ll(‘lli‘l.
according ix) the ever aged Viiiiily
"Oh yes. it is essential that lllt' new
president be up to the l‘oliowriit:
standards. First. he lllllHl In: Hill“ in
talk a lot and say nothing. That is ll
must. He must be able to cut pi‘ograu
with razor prescision. He
must have a Phi). in something He
must have had at least one poimlii)
fatal childhood disease to build
character. And he must haw illl

 

 

l|\l| \I'Hll

 

 

 

 

inny bellybutton. of course.“

It has been learned that the search
committee has rejected the
presidents of Dartmouth and
Princeton Universities for the job
because they are reportedly
"cuties."

"lt's not that we discriminate
against outies. but you have to
watch out for them. They'll be in
your homes. taking your ’l‘.V. sets
and your women if we don’t watch
them closely." said J. Vandy. as he
quietly removed the lint from his
bellybutton and ate it.

It hits been rumored that former
SUNYA President Emmett "The
Terrible" Fields was an outie.
Fields is currently serVing as this
country's major advocate of white
minority rule in South Africa.

A list of possible candidates has
been divulged to a TIME reporter.
On that list are the followmg
potential SUNYA presidents:
Dorothy Hamill. Saduharu Oh.
1liMarc lienecke. italph Boxley. Tony
Bennett. Amy Carter and .lerry
Carola. Of the candidates. Garcia
seems to have the deculed edge in
experiencing the administration
calling after traVeling with the
living Dead. Garcia wormed his
way into the hearts of many search
committee members with his
rendition of Martin Luther King's
moving speech. "l had it Spleen."

What of Vince Delirious. acting
SUNYA presuiont‘.’ Sources close
to the committee say that the Acting
President is not in the running.

Acting SUNYA President Vince

Delirious is reportedly not in the

running. He is looking forward to

playing a different role in university
affairs.

""I‘hem termites might get all freaked out by tho‘carrior current and ltlllfi

» the affects of lightning on a freaked out termite." - ,

 

WCDB Itudloo are now being diam-titled

The Dream Begins Again

fter years of working toward FM. WCDB has decidodtorcturntoonAM
carrier current station. according to stattion manager Paul
Rosancranz.

“It was never our intention to seriously become an actual FM station."
said Roeencranz.’ a bearded gent who is trusted by even the little children
in the streets. “We just wanted to 996 if we could do it. Now that we know
that nay time we want to. we can go F‘M within 10 years. it really doesn‘t
matter." '

Rosencranz and chief engineer Ira Gulldenstern said that the return to
the AM carrier current format was for the benefit of the student population.

“We Went on the air the other day. and we realized. ‘Gocd God. there are
people listening to us up there.“' said Guildenstern.

"It was frightening." said Program Director Richard Shakelpolro.
“After all. I kinda like my music and I kinda played it and you really
wouldn’t believe it. but people called me up and they said they didn't like
it." ‘

Shakespeare reportedly has featured a program schedule of Bootle-
albums played backwards. the theme song of “Father Knows Boot" and
Armenian love songs.

Roacncranz said that the transition to an AM carriercumnt station will
be a long and difficult process.

“It will entail the processing of our application to the FCC to cease
broadcasting and become a fuzzy. buzzy station that will be picked uponly
on Dutch Quad." Rosencranz said that this might take a considerable
amount of time because he couldn't find the section on the FCC application:
that pertained to becoming a fuzzy, buzzy station that will be picked up‘.
only on Dutch Quad.

Dean for Student Affairs Neil Round said that the university was 100 per
cent behind the return to the AM dial. “Paul's a good kid." said Round. "It ll
the only sane thing for him to do; it is definitely an asset to the university
community to have a station that is fuzzy. biizzy and will only be heard on
Dutch Quad. 1 Just hope the folks on Dutch Quad don't mind. Besides. Paul
has a well trimmed beard and is trusted by even the little children in the
streets."

There might be a problem with the proposed destruction. The
Atmospheric Sciences Research Center has lodged a complaint laying,
that a change to an AM carrier current station might interfere with their-
resaarch on the affects of lightning on termites in quad walls.

"Yeah. that's right." said ASRC Prof. Bernard igottafomoulbrothcr.

and you really don't know’ how tough life can be until you‘ve triodto Itud
Rosana rann said that he wished to thank all of the fine people at  

- that will be helping to make the AM dream a reality. “I can't wait unt '

l day when we will have the assurance that no matter what time ofdoy

' nobody will be listening." he said. " Maybe in our lifetime . . .‘3

 

 

||.\ll. \l'l<|| I IV .\

 

