 

 

i

t;
l;
t;
t:
t.

A war-

opinions

by Jaeklater

The New York State ,General Obligations
law requires that if the landlord collects
security deposits for six orrmore dwelling
units. the money must be put in an interest
bearing account and the tenant must be paid
the interest minus a one percent service
charge. .If you request. the landlord must

7 supply you with the name and address of the

bank where you deposit is located. and they
type of account it is in.

The security deposit may not be used as
a penalty. It may be withheld only for actual
damaps done to the apartment. The landlord
may not charge you for normal wear and tear
of the apanment or for breaking other clauses
of the lease. Any clause in the lease which
speciﬁed withholding of the security deposit
for any reason other than damages is void.

Perhaps, the most common source of
dispute is—over the return of security deposits.
When you are about to move out, if you feel
that your apartment has not been damaged
beyond normal wear and tear. you should take
the following steps to protect yourself:

I) Just as you did when you moved in. you

or a friend should take photographs of the}

apartment;

2) Have some responsible people
thoroughly check the dwelling so that they
can. if necessary. testify on your behalf that it
was clean and in good shape when you moved
out; -

3)" Keep as part of your permanent ﬁle all
receipts. .for .any repairs and/or for the

"purchase of any'cleaning materials that you
- used to improve the physical‘appearance of

the apartment.

4) Make upachecklistofalldamagestothe
apartment when you moved in and ask your
landlord to sign it.

If your premises are going to be left clean
and undamaged. but you anticipate trouble
recovering your deposit. there is one common
technique available which tenants often
employ. Though not technically legal. it can
often work as a practical solution. Many
students who are planning to move out ofthe
area will not have easy access to Small Claims

 

Editor's Note: Jack Lester is the Slut/en!
Association legal adt'lsur.

GREATMOMENFS tN Htsrom

  Your Deposit Back 

Court. therefore. they should adopt this
technique because they have no other
reasonable way to protect themselves. Very
often the security deposit is equal to one
month‘s rent, so this amount can be applied
toward your last month's rent. Your landlord
won't be pleased with this approach, but by
the time the court procedures are completed
you‘ll be packed up and gone and the landlord
will not be entitled to damages as long as your
place was left clean and in good repair. The
security deposit can be used as a set-off to the
last month's rent thus preventing the landlord
from collecting damages for non-payment.

If you are fearfull that you will be assessed
court costs and attorney‘s fees or that having
an outstanding judgment approach that can
be taken. You can deposit the amount ofthe
last month's rent in a trust account at a local
bank to be paid to the landlord only after your
deposits are returned.

If you do not use the rent withholding
technique or the bank account method and if
after you vacate you can't get satisfaction from
the landlord. you should make a written
demand for the return of your money. if the
letter doesn't produce results. contact the legal
services ofﬁce and have us contact the
landlord for you. Sometimes this added
authority isjust right to pressure the landlord
into a response. If the formal demand doesn't
work. you should consider suing the landlord.
ln most cases your suit should be brought in
Small Claims Court. The rules governing
Small Claims Court are available at City Hall
and are being published by NYPIRG.

Generally, the trial is very informal.
Lawyers are not needed and the formal rules
of evidence do not apply. When you appear in
court for your hearing bring the file with your
records. All papers or pictures that you believe
help your case should be included. Also, bring
with you all witnesses who have ﬁrst hand
information about the facts in dispute. It's
important to keep your story brief and to the
point — don‘t ramble. When you are done
with your oral presentation tell thejudge you
have witnesses and ask them to testify. After
the landlord tells his side of the story you can
question him if he has not told the truth or if he
has left out important facts. If there are any
problems left unresolved. feel free to contact
the legal services ofﬁce at 457-791].

Ward S.A. eke-hon :

 

 

tatbssstsssmsa273‘““ “‘““ ‘

viewpoint

 

selling I
holocaust

To the Editor:

Throughout history at various times certain
peoples have held the idea that they were
superior to all other peoples. and have
attempted in one form oranother to annihilate
those whom they perceived as threats to this
idea. Certainly one of the most horrifying and
demonic of those times was the reign of Hitler
in Germany.

During the last week many of us witnessed
the events of Hilter‘s Germany in the NBC
special Holocaust. NBC is to be commended
for airing such a powerful portrayal of events
which must not be forgotten. Yet even the
portrayal itself is an example of our
insensitivity and callousncss toward the
meaning of those events.

Following the rape scene ofa young Jewcss
by SS officers. NBC cut to Bill Cosby happily
pointing out that Fords are build not to rattle.
Following the gassing to death of the same
young woman and the news of her death
received by her mother, we saw a lively woman
proclaiming how smart she was to have
bought an AMC car and then another woman
exclaiming the wonders of Gleem toothpaste.
It was as if one could suddenly shift emotional
and intellectual gears and forget the scenes just
witnessed. in the midst ofa program intended
to bring consciousness of th. necessity to
struggle for humane values. we aretold by one
commercial after another how this product or
that product will bring true happiness and

,. meaning to our lives.

Such commercialism inserted in the middle
ofa moving story ofhuman terror witnessesto
the ultimate fragmentation ofour lives and the
lack of awareness we have of the forces which
are shaping them. The holocaust cannot be
viewed simply as an historicalevcnt which can
be placed in short segments between
commercials. lts memory must become
implanted in all of us as we ask ourselves not
only how it could happen in Germany, but
how it can happen here today. In that sense we
all need to do as the Danish people and wear
the yellow star of David proudly identifying
with victims of calculated mass murder and
persecution around the world.

Lest we forget that Americans were not only
the forces who defeated Hitler. We must also
remember the events at Hiroshima where
Americans dropped the ﬁrst nuclear bomb.

instantly killing 78.000. maiming 84,000, and

having a lasting genetic effect on others. We
must also not forget the more recent events of

* Southeast Asia where yellow people became

“gooks” and electronic warfare insulated us
from the gory details ofour killing. Nor can we
overlook the rape of our cnvironmcnt
necessary to support the American way of life.

As President Carter urges us to think about
human rights around the world. we must do
more than simply condemn the Russians for
continued harrassment of Jews or various
Latin Americans for torturing political
prisoners. We must recognize thttt our
government has the largest arsenal, nuclear
and conventional, ofany government on earth
(a nuclear stockpile over 600.000 times the
power of the Hiroshima bomb). We mun
recognize that we have the capacity to destroy
all people on earth twelve times. We must
realize that we are the largest supplier of at no
to other countries. There can be no SlllCL'ft'
commitment to human rights anywhere unlm
there is a commitment to disarmament.

To wear the star of David today as at uttncss
to the fact that we are all brothers and Sisters
and must create a future where people at my
color creed can enjoy basic hum.tn fights.
means to raise fundamental questions ilhtllll
our own lives. It means to question our nun
vocations. our own quiet acceptance nt ll
society with much greater dcstructnc
potential than Hitler‘s Germany. Mrtny
Germans who were simply doing their Jobs.
obeying orders. not questioning their part In a
larger plan. are nonetheless guilt). tr
Holocaust means anything to us ludzt), it
means we cannot let the commercials dlsllllcl
us from the ultimate meaning for our |l\t.‘\. It
means we mUst speak out. It means no must
work together for a just and pcttt‘clul “mid.

Rev. Andy Smith
Chapel litth‘

good
meal

To the Editor:

On Tuesday, April It! Dutch Qunrt ilL'iti |l.\
Candle Litc Dinner,and I must say It \‘tlh .r ruh
well done! The menu included inc mum
entrees. soup (potagc Cousincttc). \cgclnhlt‘
(potpourri). salads. and for dessert. L'ilUthirllL'
cuke. strawberry cake. and strzm herr) httlllht'.
all of which were out ofthis world! lhcrc uctc
two kinds of cheeses (Cooper's and Mimi.

wHO 6tUES A
SHlT! I‘LL BE
EXTINCTIN 1001000

photo by roanne Itulaltoff

V K m,“ G..1.“Aswquwdw’pﬂ3mﬁb‘PWJﬂmﬁmyx’nu'

ts new in music

see centerfold

 

