’ TheyWOm So You
' Have-Something To Do

by Jon Lafayette

Last 'week, SA President Dave Gold
allowad four stipends to go through his ofﬁce
and be paid to students who had been holding
down ruponsible positions in many of this
schools improtant extra-curricular
orunintions.

The heads of the Torch. AMIA and WIRA.
and Albany State Cinema all will ﬁnally
receive some bread for the jobs they've been
holdingdown all year.The SA President, Vice
President. Controller, and Central Council
Chair have been receiving stipends since the
beginning of the year.

This payment is the result ofone year‘s work
towards deciding who should get what for
doing which job.. The heads of groups who
felt they deserved a stipend were forced to go
before a tribunal called the SA Stipend
Committee. where those requesting stipends
have to assure those wielding the purse that
they had been good boys all year, putting in
their hours and working hard to make this
place a better school.

According to the Stipend Committee
Chairman. the policy for deciding who gets
how much “was left vague to insure ﬂexibility
so the people who are doing the work will get
the money."

This meant that in the middle of a hard
year's work at the head of one of our campus‘
major groups. the student leaders had to take
time out to account forand document the time
they have been putting in over the course of
the year. “if theth really been workingthat
hard. they might not have time to go to the
committee's meetings. and therefore not
receive anything."

They not only had to be holding down an
important job. like “Editor-in-Chief" of the
Torch. but they had to prove that they were

FRED‘l'beBlRD

doing that job beyond the powers of normal
students. “Does this mean that someone who
can get a jobdone in twenty hours is worth less
than someone who can get the same job done
in fourty hours? After all. look at all thetime
he spent?"

Some of these group heads came away from
Central Council with stipends far below what
they had asked for. and perhaps expected
when they began theirjob. eight months ago.
They had made plans for a steak dinner to
celebrate the last concert. but will now have to
settle for aGenny in the Rat.

These days it seems hard enough to get
people to participate in extra-curricular
activities on campus, let alone find someone to
run them. Most people are too busy studying.
or want to go home for the weekends or maybe
sleep. Few people are dedicated enough to put
in the time it takes to run one of the large
groups on campus.

Year after year. a stipend had been set, in
the groups, budget before the year started so
that those contemplating running one of these
groups knew exactly what he was in for and
what he was to get back.

This year. they had to take thejob and wait
and see what kind of stipend. if any. those at
SA were willing to give to them.

While you may argue that one doesn't take
that sort of job for the money. and that one
wants to head a group becuase he is interested
in it. some sort or reward should be awarded
to compensate for all one must miss to take on
responsibility.

Suppose no one ran the movies on campus.
or that there were no more softball games
because no one had time to draw up a schedule.

Let‘s hear it for the people that give
something to this campus. and make SUNYA
an almost bearable place.

 

 

 

comment

 

grievance
meeting

To tlte Editor:

We would like to draw the University
community's attention to Financial Aid
Hearings which will be held in the Campus
Center ballroom at 2 p.m. on Thursday April
20. The hearings are being held to begin the
process of addressing the numerous problems
students face with the ﬁnancial aid system.
both on the campus level and on the state and
federal levels.

Essentially. students in the late seventies are
bearing the brunt of problems which are
national in scale. but local and direct in their
effects. Declining enrollments. combined with
inflation and a decrease in the emphasis placed
on public higher education. have made it
politically easier for members of the
legislature to justify cuts in all educational
services. and particularly ﬁnancial aid. The
negative attitudes that students who wish to
attend the public colleges face is shown by the
hundred dollar increase in tuition for the State
University in I976. the imposition of tuition
for the ﬁrst time in CUNY in I976, the cuts of
almost 50 per cent in EOP stipends in the last
four years. and the hostile attitudes students
face when confronting state financial aid
ofﬁcials.

We all know ofthese problems. Many of us
have experienced the extreme frustration that
comes when one‘s aid has been cut. and is
forced to take a second job. take a high-
intcrcst loan from the bank. or even
threatened with dropping out of school for a
semester. We also know of the frustration of
trying to get in touch with financial aid
ofﬁcials who give us the run—around. of lack of
understanding or sympathy to student
problems when applications have to be mitde.
and when inadequate aid is received.

What are the solutions? This. of course. is
not an easy question to answer. The groups
that are sponsoring these hearings seek to
provide a forum in which both the general
problems on the state and national level are
presented. and students can follow with their
own complaints about how the ﬁnancial aid

 

bystem has affected them.

A ﬁnancial aid hearing was conducted by
the students at SUNY Binghamton on March
)6. which received considerable attention in
the community. and left both ﬁnancial aid
ofﬁcials. legislators present. and students
feeling that a significant increase in
understanding of the problems had been
achieved. and the stage set for bone,
relationships in the future. Most ol till.
attention was drawn to the problems or
funding education for both the poor and the
middle class. and a committmcnt to ﬁnding
solutions.

in order for this trend to continue. it is
necessary that all students attend this licnring.
and voice their grievances.

Bob L'ohcn
Jerry Mnntlelhitum

paper
police

To the Editor:

On March 31. I received a ticket lot parking
in what has become locally knt)\\l‘ tis"Writ'n
rip Reidy‘s Corner" (a legal parking slot in
Mohawk Tower‘s lower lot. the dllllL‘li\ItIllsol
which have repeatedly confused iitticcr RL'ltl)
during the past semester). liitcr that
afternoon I ﬁled an appeal for rclict. and on
Monday l received a notice Iront the traffic
division dated Saturday. April l, 107x stilling:
“We have identified you il\ the
owner/operator of the vehicle bcitring the
license plate number(s) shown herein Plate
No. (rib-ABC. covering the period Spring
I976. A ‘hold‘ has been plticcd on your
records."

The occurrence of these two events tn such
rapid succession seemed to imply some cnusril
relationship. and I felt that 1 \\il\ being
harrassed for filing the eppctil. Apparently at
it means of discouraging triittic ttctct .ippcali
the division immediately initiiitca n \L'illt’ll in
its unpaid traffic ticket Iilc. iiiid using \tllllt‘
stray matching technique connects tn tiny
remote fashion the appellant utth .i lt‘ll
previously unpaid parking llt'ltt'ln :\
subsequent check determined that philc Mb
ABC is the registration oi a l‘)57 rock tlllilffl
grader currently operating in llcikimci
County. My last name possibly Illillt'llctl the

 

Tonoocttno AN

ALLURM‘E PRE ELECTION
poo. is :osr oNEoF
MY MANYRJNCUONSAS
CAMPN6N MANAGJER.

 

EXcust-Z ME,l'MTAKIll6
A FULL concERNiNG THE
outme OFTHE Elector)

“J”

 

ﬂ DoN‘T mite tot-to

wins , Its tone its

IT‘S NOT A sum
Ul‘llE R06 OR A
Steamich BtRD.

 

LOOKS LIKE AnorHER
"immaci Dec.”

)

 

I

 

ﬁrst name of the vehicle's operator, or maybe
my weight matched his street address.

With the subjective identification
procedures used to determine responsibility
for trafﬁc ﬁnes. it seems likely that one could
continue to be unexpectedly charged with any
number of tickets that the department cared to
post against one‘s account. since receipts given
for payment of ﬁnes by the trafﬁc division
carry no indication of what ticket numbers are
being paid for.

Writing out a book or two of traffic tickets a
day. or skulking about with a new radar gun
are certainly tasks that entail little danger. and
are perhaps the most efficient ways to
maintain a non-combative stance. yet. if only
this security force's zealous pursuit of trafﬁc
infractions could be directed into more
realistically constructive areas (such as
catching some burglars or even it vandal or
two). we might all have something ol'a positive
nature to salute these officers with instead of ti
chuckle up our collective sleeve.

Jim Charles

bus
blues

To the Editor:

I'm writing to the ASP because I believe it‘s
a good medium to express my grievance
especia'ly since it involves school policy.

On Monday our bus service undertook
tvhat l consider an unfair and unwise change.
The administrators who favor this new policy
(of having express Wellington service) leads
one to conclude that they probably lite down
there, My complaint is that the bus service is
now exhibiting “preferential” treatment to
Wellington students. What about the rest of
as.

l personally live off North Allen and this
new “better” servtce only niagnilics my own
and many others‘ present situations. To be
speciﬁc. anyone living above Partridge (closer
to Campus)probably never get to a
class that starts at let). 9: It). or
lt):l0 on time. Countless times as many as lotir
buses just pass me and others by too lull to
stop. Is this l‘air‘! Do these same
administrators add special buses tor students
in my position? Well the answer to these
questions is NO! So whydo thcycoiiic tip \lllll
policies that only make things worse. What's
cl‘cn more irustrating is now to hate halt-filled
Wellington buses puss yott by. It you ll\t:
tibotc l’tirtridgc tiitd lcelthcnny Idotcll them
to bc cquitttblc in their practices.

Michttcl S. l'oA

return
bottles

To the Editor:

Does anybody remember returnable
bottles? Taking the "empties" hilck to the store
to get your deposit back? Where did they go?
For that matter. where did clean water and
breathable air go?And why is energy gettingso
expensive? For the past 20 years. the United
States has become increasingly wasteful ol
natural resources and energy. shilling front

W ' a "1 sound returnable soft drink and

 

YOU LWK Li“ A GlRl—Ulb‘
VERY INWXUEDIN stElJT
’ ‘ SEEM ukE AW

 

 

 

 

 

MY KEEN POLtTtmL i
lNSTlNcTS DETEG'
p. NoTE or= snipch

 

 

 

 

 

beer containers to “no deposit-no return“
bottles and cans. In most stores the consumer
can no longer find beverages in returnable
containers.

Before the New York State Legislature is at
bill that would bring back the old returnable
container system. resulting in less air and
water pollution. less litter. and conservation
ot energy. This bill would require a fch cent
deposit to be put on beverage containers in
New York State. A mandatory deposit law. by
Providing an incentive for the consumer to
return bottles and cans for re-usc or recycling,
would help alleviate the problem of wasteful
energy consumption and environmental
degradation. For example. a refillable glass
bottle used l0 times requires less than one

third the energy needed to manufacture a com-
parable throwaway. and a total returnable
bottle system will save nearly one per cent of
all energy. 2 per cent of steel. ﬁve per cent of
aluminum and 40 per cent of glass nationwide.

‘ Vermont. Oregon, South Dakota.
Michigan, Maine: and most recently.Connec-
ticut. have passed bills similar to the New
York bill. that have proved to be successful in
not only reducing litter, the use of raw
materials, and energy use, but also in in-
creasing the number ofjobs and decreasing
beverage prices.

Does a mandatory deposit on beverage con-
tainers sound good to you? There are things
you can do to help this bill get passed. Write a
letter to or visit your legislator.

In a time where polution isa major problem
and energy is getting scarce. a mandatory
deposit on beverage containers is a good idea.
It‘s worked iit other states: why not New York?

Jill Kolva

no
party

To the Editor:

Last Saturday. Dutch Quad was supposed
to see the "biggest" party of this year on the
upper level of Stuyvesant Tower. However
after attending and working at this affair I
have to question the attitudes of our Tower
Steering Committee and its leader.

For those unfamiliar Wllh this function. the
l2th through 2lst lloors‘ lounges each had a
little something different (casino. beer. and
mixed drinks) to oflcr thc well-deserving
partiers who payed $1.25 to get in. What
started as a good idea ended on a bad (and
early) note. All the mixed drinks were gone
belore )2 o‘clock with the beer following soon
afterwards. i had signed up to work the II-
|:()() shift tending bar on the 18th floor. When
I went down to help out l found that
everything was gone! After making my way
through it crowd oldisappointed faces. I went
up to the Penthouse to see about some beer. l
was asked to help pour. which ldid. and found
that the kegl was workingonwasthc last one.
Believe me. there were ti great number of
thirsty people waiting lor ti cup when that
dreaded sound of an empty trip took place.

Since many don‘t go to a party at exactly 9:30
(many tirrtvc ill't)LlllLl II or so) it resulted in an
curly titglitcr tor malty.

(irtintcd it Wits \cry dillicttlt to estimate the
proper tiiiiottnt tll alcoholic beverages for such
at large plll‘l)‘. However. when I told the
coiittitittcc clttiirmun about tltc situation with
the beer. and suggested that he call the
ltzithskcllitr to request a few more kegs. he
snapped. “Hell. I don‘t care. l’coplc stopped
paying it hull hour ago."

I think the I'SC had an obligation to the
pciiplc already at the party. i he kind ofthril'ty
attitude that be displayed was disgusting.
showtitg no concern for his lcllow students.
and the party itsclf. For 1) party (hit! was
advertised from 9-?. where the question mark
was intended to be when YOU wanted to stop
partying. instead. was determined by the
errors ol its orgtini/crs.

Wllllilnl (ilccson

awareness
day

To the Editor:

I would like to take this opportunity to
commend the ASI’ on their articles about the
physically-handicapped here at SUNYA.

As a student-attendant and participant in
last year's Awareness Day. i would like to
extend a personal invitation to the SUNYA
community to join us in the Campus Center
Ballroom on April 19 between the hours of
l0100 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. and in the gym fora
wheelchair basketball game at 7:30 p.m.

Come try it wheelchair or acane. As I found
out. it is an cyeropcnlng experience you'll
never forget.

Leonard Harrison

editorat

Change at Draper .

The. alarm clock ring. You smother it with your pillow and tall 
gaining that blessed state of unconsciousness known as sleep. Half an hour later you
become aware that something is moving around underneath you and it's not that
special someone you saw over the weekend. Removing the pillow allows the shrill
sound of the alarm clock to snap you into instant awareness. .

It‘s eight-thirty. You've got half an hour to get down to the Legislature before your
assemblymaa starts asking. “Why hasn’t Joe Schmoe started his ﬁling yet?” ‘

With only two parts of your three piece suit buttoned. you race out of your
apartment onto North Allen. running like the wind toward Washington. The
Wellington Bus appears on the horizon. “Thank God,“ you cry. only to watch the bus'
zoom past. the driver pointing to the "Express" sign in the window. .

The students who rely on the buses for transportation~those of the Alumni. off
campus. and Wellington persuasion—have recently been sujects of an experiment
called the “Wellington Express." Designed to ease the lives of our Wellington cousins.
the Express has met with mixed reactions.

Praise is widespread from the Wellington I75. No longer must they greet the sunrise
in order to make that nine a.m. accounting class. No longer are they pushed off a
Wellington bus by students riding to Ontario.

Yet as in every experiment. yes. even successful experiments. there is always room
for improvement. As in the scenerio depicted above. there exists a small number of
students who are suffering from the experiment; those students who work either full or
part-time down at the Legislature. For many. the biggest attraction ofSUNYA. indeed
in many cases the very reason that one selected an Albany over a Buffalo or a
Binghamton was the opportunity to be near the state capitol.

For those who work at the Legislature and don‘t live within easy walking distance of
Draper Hall. the ﬂight downtown in the mornings can try the patience of a saint. in
recent mornings. students hurrying to get downtown have had to wait fora Draper bus,
catch that. wait for the Wellington bus (which due to the small number of Wellington
buses can seem like an eternity) catch that. and ﬁnally wind their way to the LOB.
Walking would be faster. but who wants to walk in ties and high heeled shoes?

The Wellington Express is dynamite for the Wellington students. yet it has seriously
hampered the movement of a smaller but equally important segment of the student
populous. The answer seems simple. if we cancelled the Express going downtown from
seven a.m. to ten or eleven. we could make life easier for the legislative interns and
downtown community service workers without destroying the benefits of the Express
to our Wellington breathren.

Former SUNYA President Emmett Fields spoke strongly about this university's
committment to public policy and the need to work with the Legislature and the city of
Albany. Acting SU N Y A President Vincent O‘Leary stated at the beginning of the year
that he was not going to scrapthe concept that the three components of Albany—the
city. the university. and the capitole—could interact successfully.

Let‘s prove that it isn't all rhetoric. Let's help encourage students to move out into
the community. There are enough green buses to provide satisfactorily for the
transportation needs of both those at the Wellington and those off campus and Alumni
Quad residents who participate in educational activities downtown. All that is needed
is a little more planning and a few revisions. When the Bus Grievance Committee meets
this week to review the Wellington Express we urge them to consider how the needs of
till the students might best be met.

 

é gin.

’l‘titiittAs MArtrrLLo. killirir-i‘ii-(‘liiij
JONATHAN Honors. Managing Editor
MATTHEW Cox
Assor'iAn Ntws cottons . . .Jll.l. liAltElt. DENISE l.rnct Anon SMITH
Asp:ch :n‘troits . . . . . . . . . . . . . , EDI'lll Emerson. LAUiur. SMti.An
Assoc‘IA'rr Asncrs rot'roiis . . . . . . . . . l)i.n.~us Smitten. (i. PASCAL ZActiAttv
Srottrs EDITOR . . th‘ll SELioson
Assoc'iAu srogrs roiron . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . AUl. Scuwxarz
I'ZotrottiAL Moss ro'noa . . . . . . . Jon LAFAYETTE
s‘rArr walrus: AI Baca. Steve Bracken. deie Emcrman. Mik ried. Ken Kurtz. M.J. Mem-
inott. Jcrry Mikorcnda. Steve Ostcr. Mike l’earlman.J.M. Reilly. David Spiro Ar MANAans:
lillen Mursdcn. Jesse Scherer zootAc NEWS: Laurie Glaser rarvtrw rAGr: Hilde Brand NEWS
AsstsrAnr: Laura Schrtiuh Moatitit: sandy Robinson NEWS corms mn'trus: Bryan
olzbcrg

BttIAn ('AIIII.L. Advertising Manager

Nrws rotrua

Business cooaoINAroit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Spence RAGGIO
Business MANAGsI . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . WALTER THottMAn
BILLING DEPARTMENT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . CAROL Coraiss
l'AvrtoLL MANAttea . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .ELLEN FlNE

5At.t:s PERSONNEL: Mike Ardan. Richie Mcrmelstein CLAssirirD Anvrafts'tnc: Steve Matter
COMPOSITION: Amy Sours Ao COMPOSITION: lrenc Firmat. Kelly Kita. Debbie Kopf. Liz
Kwnsnik. Stephanie Sherman orrtt'r: Lisa Applcbaum. Mark Balthazard. Michelle Mackrell

JEANNE JAV. Production Manager
MICHAEL (iILIros Assistant Production Manager
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , Joov Wthra

HEAD rvrisr
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . RICKSTER BLUM

GriArnic COOIDINA'IUR

VtitrICAL cAMEaA . . . . . . . .
rAsrr-ur: Lorriiinc Di l’icrro. Rich l’iituu. Allison Plotch. Sarah Sobel. Laurie Studwell.
Dnvc Mallach. Maureen Winters rvrisrs: Clara Kuehler. Laurie Leslto. Lorraine Libertore.

Denise Mason. Diana Oruci. Amy Phillips. Adela Stelzer, Bev Tobin
ESTABLISHED l9|6

The A Ibuny SIurlrrtI Press is published ever y Tuesday and Friday during the schaolyear b y the
Albany Studeii/ Press Corporation, an independent not~far~praﬂl organizer/an. Editorial
pulley is determined by live Editar-ln-Chle . and is subjecl Io review by the Editorial Board.
Mailing address: Albany sludt’lll Press, (C 329. "00 Washington Ave. Albany. N Y 12222

 

 

 

albanysrurknrpness conponA'ﬁoN

loan or Drum-s
S'rsruen thNANItAOSrcha RAaanI DANIEL GAtnBs

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

