 

 

 

 

t A Fresh Start

  
  

  
 

  .fﬂtil coon: Endemic  - f 1.

  
        

   
   
    
  

     
 
     
    
         
 
    
  
    
    

  
 

 

  
  
        
         
          
          
      
   
  
  

     
  

 

   
       
    
    
 
  
 
 

  
 

 

 

 
 

 

 

   
 
 
 

 
 
   
 
  

 

 
 
      
    

     
       
       
     
  

 

     
     
    
 

 

 

 

 
 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

by 3"” cmﬂ'ﬂ helplessness to change things. The CDTA‘ made. We were faced with ltttemalpr ' more . ‘
TheStudentUnionization Movement. at its victory proved that students are willing to and had no formal method formalin; student.uniontzition, the pout ' .
'8'" "mums. VOW ‘0 mm in“) an actual organize and takeactiononisaues, andthat we decision. Without by laws of fennel organizingisgreeter.  ' r ..
union. A propsed constitution and by-laws are can win. and win decisively. we have proven procedures for melting decisions men)! We now have a few choices: Either we can
beint! draw" “P by an Open committee. and that if we organize, we can change our decisions were made on an rid-hot: basil. mourn mrourproblemororganiu. Either
plan to be ready to present their conditions, and we can win victories over the Therefore. out ﬁrst task in unionizing has to we can cry that the time is not light for
recommendation in a few weeks. This is a administration. be drawing up a constitution to be debated, unionization, or we can seize the time. Either
qualitative change in the status of student Third, SUM was to build an organizing amended. and ratified by the mass we can intellectualize about “student apathy" a,
unionilalion 0" Campus. and indicates a base. and to get students active in University membership. The committee drawing it up is or we can organize around those issues that. v.
confidence on the part of the members that affairs. That was accomplished through open to all who want to join. students feel are important. Finally. we an 3
Albany State students are ready to form a organizing around issues. SUM was originally only going to last tt either attack and refuse to supporteachother, _:
student union. and take an active role in thc Founh. we had to start tackling the many montthenwe were going to start a mass or unite and win victories against the ‘
decision-makinsprocessatour unit’mily. issues that face us as students. CDTA, the membership organizing drive. The difficulty administration. A; a strong union, we will
or particular significance was the presence Health Fce.TAi‘ and EOP cuts. and academic in organizing and getting caught up in the have already committed ourselves to the goal
and representation of"l'hird World groups at issues are just a few of the concerns we can CDTA issue caused the original plans to be of unity and will be able to organize to gain
’ the meeting. This demonstrated the organize around. postponed. However. even with these more control over those decisions that effect
on... recognition byanother Third World and non We are a new organization. Student problems. we have won a victory and proven us. we have already proven that we can win. 
Third World Silldenlh‘ "1111 Students can only unionization is a new concept in American that students can be organized. To those who are disillusioned, don't mourn
S t d  gain power if we unite across all lines. Some universities. nndnnturally some mistakes were Where do we go from here? As more and — organize, . '

3 ur  things, however, should be cleared up asto the ‘ .
unionization movement nnd the student ('51
organizing effort on campus. . "

7 '  & 9 I  A unionilation movement ts not it union. A
l ' ' movement is an effort by a group of people to
A' orgnttilc for it pre-dctcrtttincd goal. in this
3 case tltc goal was to htttld iI Muticttl ttniott on
the Albany campus. '
8M  m  a - . However. building a union on a campus 
i .'  ' v ‘ ,‘ that has been relatively inactive takes an "
- ~ ‘  I ' ‘3 : intense organizing and cducntiondrtvc. Since see some'hlng ln‘ereaung? '
‘ u   ’ . decision-making has becnthe monopoly of the want to '9‘ peop'e know abou' n?
I I I I ndministruion. students had [Unrgunilct and write '0! the ASP
SUM/ii funded hy nerd-tn mod-lion research in order to cumpctc on an cqllatl level
i S i “'5.
I w'wcmﬂ'r’ynffﬂlgc 51mm" “mnmm‘m We need news writers, sports writers, feature writers
 Movement iii the summer \vnltl'ourubjcctivus 'eVlewersr NOW Wd‘ersr poo“! comm" wrners’ ' ' ' ' 8 p‘m'
‘ In mind: First. to do research and educate the
w  W “I h M“. $   SllNYA students on the concept (li‘sllldclll potentlm staff wrllers ﬂfa Invited to a meetlng Sunday, February  in   -
-   untontttttton and how It would lit tnto the y
,i m, H. n. 6 'n.   tum. present power structure.
    Second. we had to show that or: could we have an eye 0|" '0' talent!
 I roducc. and more importantly. than the
"1  b   Students can producelot-themselves, Sourlled ,
}  apathy muittly stunts lrottt a feeling oi '
l l L symbolically landed by SA A H Ti 4
Introducing. . . Ff '

 

SPEAKERS FORUM

PRESENTS

Henry Kyemha

. Former Minister 0! Health lit ligand- eutder Ml Antics
The New On-Campus Wine & Cheese Place and amt-or or me mum soon

        

WWII-FORMAL

        
    
   
   
   
  

 

 

 

 At The C.C. Ballroom Sat. Feb. 25 9 P.M.-? C t m “We”'“M""e'"s"'es‘°m”"""'" E
 Featuring: Hot and Cold Buffet  m o e .

 A Live Band  Grand Opemng

    This Friday, Feb. 24 in the Campus Center Patroon Room

i 

 A    A   Music, provided by

’ Only 35.00 per couple for sophomores  Sec°nd  V I

 56.00 per couple for all others . Stage  a   ;

 TICK€T€ ON §AL€ Ol‘l DINNER LIH€§ W€D. FEB. 15 AND  , , . “wayward-2,1978

    WI“ begm at 9.30 pm. Campus Center Ballroom 0 8:30 p.111.

For Further Information Please Contact mum 50., with m m general “we

 Marc7   i  t   Tickets on sale at the SA. Contact 0mm if

and at the door, If nvallalrle.
Check the posters for additional names to contact on each quad for advance sale tickets .

.. v39;st

 

 

 

- WM ""599me tune-e by undo-t Dutchth it
Sponsored by University Auxiliary Services 3p“ L

 

 

 

Sponsored by "16 Class 0' i980 . Tickets will be sold until 6 PM. Saturday

 

 

l ;
1 FEBRUARY 24. 1973 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE THIRTEEN 7

       

