 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Where can you get a
filling and delicious meal

at inexpensive prices?

‘ Where can you go for an
Without

~.;‘Italian dinner
driving?

%W

ITALIAN AND AMERICAN RESTAURANT

1164 Western Ave.

(across from Shop Rite)

 

 

 

 

(ll. PMHEMLI‘I

90% OFF WITH IIIIf ADI
Fatso Fogarty’s
Disco and Drink Emporium

255 New Karner Rd.(Rt. ISSI
Albanv. NY. IZ205 456-337l

A BODY DECORATNG STORE
on men mrrn‘sr MIT? AND BIB nous

JIJ .VallLttlll Ave.
Beiiieen Ontario .5 Quit!
Open .llun- Fri Ill-9

Sat [0-6
465-890}

 

Friday & Samda)‘ Fittso‘s Good Ti
9- 0 pm.
cocktails 40¢

$.75 Drinks
No Cover Charge

Ladies Nite
'A Price Drinks

Beer Nite
Free Beer from 9 - 3 am.

beer 20¢

me Happy Hours

 

 

 

by Star! Vbeent ’

Central Council has ammended a .
resolution it passed one week ago
which calls for SA to take over the
$2.600 debt owed to the Class of '78
by former class president Marc
Beneclte.

The ammendment states that any
interest collected on the debt will be
given to the senior class up until the
time the class graduates, after which
it will go to Alumni Association.

The original version of the bill
milled for the interest to be given to
the Alumni Association regardless
of whether the Class of'78 was still in
existence or not.

According to Central Councilman
Abbie Havkins. the Alumni Associa-
tion could not take pan in any suit
against Beneclte because. technical-
ly. Benecke is considered alumnus.

"I figured. since the Alumni
Association wasn‘t willing to sue.
why should we reward them with the
interest'." he said. "I proposed the
ammendment and the bill was
changed.”

Class of ‘78 President Gary
Bennett said interest accumulates
from the money owed on the
promissary note. and not any penal—
ty clause in the agreement between
Benecke and the Class of "71‘

Senate Vote

r onrinuedfmm page one

that 229 of SL \\ A's II-U laculty
members will have to be present. Ac—
cording to Senate Secretary Judith
Kane. it is assumed that a quorum is
present unless someone asks tor .i
count.

II a quorum is not present. Iaculty
will toleon the issue by way of a mail
ballot.

Kane said that attendance records
Ior tacuity and student senators at
monthly senate meetings are about
cquaL

Last year. a motion to grant
students permanent representation
on the senate fell fiie \otcs shon oi
the necessary quorum of mail ballots
returned. OfIhc ballots returned. the
Mile ran three to one against ll.

Both 'I ticker and frank said they
tell it would be impractical to in-
~titutc another organization to deal
cchUsively “llh faculty issues.

“Many faculty feel that too much
time is spcni in CummlilL‘L‘s now."
said lucker “It would thI add
another layer ol government "

Grad Students

“unmixed/rum page wn'

needs and interests ol its clientele.
who total between 50 and 60 in
number.

“We act as a sort of steering com-
mittee." she said. “preparing presen-
tations on academic and career
topiCs. We‘re aimed at women. but
we do things of interest to all grad
students."

Salkever summed up. “We need a
group of interested grad students.
and then an appropriate Senate
structure which would allow
representation to be based on
departments if we are going to solic
this problem in the luture."

Housing Codes

1 iinlimml from pain my

political systet

Greenbcrg sari. .t ; code enforce-
ment bureau has actually made ex-
tensive improvements since I976 He
called Phinney "a real dynamo."

Although some of the recommen-
datiuns contained in the grand )ury
report may never be followed.
because of the expense involved in
some ofthem. Greenbcrgsa'id he was
satisﬁed with the report's ﬁndings.

NEWS BRIEFS

Relations Broken with South Africa

.IOHANNESBURG, Smith Mch (AP) By seVering diplomatic links with
South Africa. Transkei‘s Chief Kaiser Matanrima may have shed his image
as black Africa‘s prime Uncle Tom. But he has also threatened his lonely
country with economic disaster. So lar. South Africa's response to the chief‘s
bivarre break with the only country that recognizes his administration - and
supplies most of its budget- has been a stern expression of regret. The break
has boosted Matanzima's political image at home. But is remains for both
South Africa and Transkei more a matter ofwords than action

Reports at CIA Cause Concern in India

NEW DELHI. India (AP) The Indian government demanded yesterday that
the United States explain reports that a secret CIA mountaineering [can]
abandonned a nuclear device on a Himalayan peak l3 years ago. Ofﬁcials are
especially concerned that the radioactive material could contaminate the
Ganges River. a vital waterway. U.S. Ambassador Robert F. Goheen \Hh
summoned to the Foreign Ministry and was told the reports caused “great
concern to the Indian government. the Indian Parliament and the Indian
people.“ a ministry spokesman said.

Son at Sam Considered Mentally Incompetent
NEW YORK (AP) With a bible-toting David R. Bcrkowiti in attendance. .i
dclense psychiatrist told a closed—door hearing yesterday that the Sun or Sam
suspect is mentally incompetent to stand trail. sources said. Dr. Martin
Luhin took the stand at mid-morningto gnc that opinion and to L'\Pl‘dlll ll|\
liitding that the 24-year-old postal clerk from Yonkers is unable to proceed
Luhin was hired to testily til the hearing helorc state Supreme Court .lllxllk‘t'
Joseph R. Corso alter the two cotirt-ttppointed psychiatrists reversed IllL‘ll
earlier linding ol incompetence.

Job Agency Reorganization Gets Support
WASHINGTON. (AP) lbc House bovcrnment Operations (.ommiitcc
endorsed President Carter's plan to reorganize the l‘ederal machinery tot
cnlorcing equal employment laws. Ibc action paved the way fora vote by [lit
House on the third reorganI/titiun plan the Carter Administration l‘lax
submitted to Congress. Iivo ol them. one reorganizing the Execuiiic (Illici-
til the President and one allccting the nation‘s Inlttl’llillltinnl
communications. have been carried out. llie civil rights reorgtini/atioi:
would expand the powers ol the Equal Employment ()ppnrttinit.
Lommission. givtng it authority to enlorce laws on equal pay. .igc
discrimination and equal opportunity in the pritatc sector as \\L‘ll il\ .n In.
I‘cderal Government.

Funds Lacking in Cleveland School System
CLEVELAND. (AP) Financial problems that have plagued Ohio schools I-tl
months approached crisis levels yesterday in Cleveland and loledri. l‘.\ n .it
the state's largest systems. In Cleveland. teachers ha\c not been paid ~inti.
“arch” and there is no money to meet the next $5 million biweekly pa vii».
due Friday. The teachers are voting this week whether to strike.and the ( )hio
Supreme Court is considering it request to order Cleveland‘s schtttib down
so teachers can quality Ior unemployment compensation lestt-idni Ill.‘
court ordered state school tilticinls to lilc their side of the argument by
Monday. and scheduled u hearing tor luesday. In l'oledo. ti \ll'lkc «in! Hit
«in: til a pity increase has already begun and has been disrupting t'l.i\~t‘~ lot
53.000 students since Monday. loday school officials .isled a lodge tunidrt
teachers and other school workers back to their yobs.

Shanker Criticizes Competency Tests

NEW YORK. (AP) High school diplomas should not be \thlicld Hth
students who fail basic reading and math conipcntcncy tests. J\Ibert blitinkt't
told a state Assembly hearing yesterday. Shanker. who heads the Million.
member American Federation ()I I'eachcrs as well as the be“ \ork teach-uh
union. Ci'lllCllCd state testing begun in [975 and a proposal betorc llit‘ \w
iork ('ity Board of Education that would deny diplomas to \Itldt'll‘.~
tlelicmnt in math and reading \klllS.

Carter Delays Decision on Warhead

PARISt AP) l’resrdent Carter's delay in deciding on the neutron \\.llllt‘.ttl
has intensified critictsm ol his lorcign poliCies in the West litirilt‘t‘i‘” I‘W“
ind among government olfictnls. Some even express doubts about his illthi‘
nl loreign affairs. Ihis questioning of Washington‘s notions set-nu lit in
Hill"); louder as Carter's |irst~year honeymoon fades into the post and man n
European allies feel disappointed on critical issues Carter .tnnonntetl ..i~i
week he was deferring a dccrsmn on whether to produce the DU“ llt’lllli'll
“Airhead pending eiidencc til next Soviet "restraint" in the ‘tllllls tote In:
dcltt) was interpreted by many l'uropetins - including both prtipnnt’tll‘ "“l
"I‘I‘Uncnis ol the weapon - in an inability to make it decision

Labor Unions for Chi

' 0NDON (AP) The US Ariny.in.‘icontinu1ng ellort to maki- suture iilt'
llitli’t' dliluClil’C. ls paying “2.000 to a Bnutyh 31mm] 5C|cnn§l to littd «llll
whether (ils would like to Join luhm (mums. sewn [furupwn [t|llllllik"-
“"1wa W651 Germany when: iiiany U.S. SCIHL‘CmCII arc )Illiltitlcil .ll‘i'\‘
military men to torm unions or protessional assumptions it) llc'gtllldlt' i- HE"
and working conditions. but Gwyn Harries-Jenkins. a lecturer at llm|
University in eastern England assigned to conduct the survey. says he doth!”
believe Uncle Sam‘s top brass or senior officers tire ready for utlltlltlltlllt‘ll

 

ALBANY 5mm PRESS

PAGE TWO

 

 

 

 

 



by Aron Smith

When yMyskiinia. SUNYA's
traditional non-academic honor
society. holds annual elections April
25-27. its members will count ballots
printed and distributed by SA. In the
first override of an SA presidential
veto this year. Central Council met
Wednesday night overwhelmineg
approved SA's continued conduct of
Myskttnia elections.

Although Mysktinia is required by
its constitution to hold its own elec-
tions. they have trtiditionlly been
conducted by SA. Last week.
however. SA President Dave Gold
directed SA Election Commissioner
Douglas Freedman not to include
nominees for Myskttnia’s l3
positions on the SA ballot.

“We get no funding from SA or
the University." said SA Budget
Committee Chair John Slitirkey. ii
member of Myskttniti. "Because of
the time it takes to hold elections. it
just would not have been possible to
dti.

“We're all very active people and
we don't have the time. Besides. we

 

don‘t even have enough money to
print up our own ballots."

Emergency legislation requesting
that the names of Mysltania's
nominees be plced back on the SA
ballot came before Central Council
April 5. After tibi..it thirty minutes
of debate. the bill was passed un-
animously. 220.

The bill was then vetoed by Gold.

"Basically. I felt that by putting
Myskiinia on the ballot. we were en-
couraging a society which was secret
and does not have any objective
criteria for selecting nominees." said
Gold. “It's basically it secret socictv
that serves no one except those who
are elected."

“It just doesn't help students."
Central Council Representative Ab-
bie Hawkins said ofMyskanitt. “Why
should Sttident Association endorse
something that is not beneficial to
99'/2 per cent of the students“! What
happens is that people whose names
are known are elected." he said.
“Marc Bencckc could be elected. It‘s
all based on name recognition; it has
nothing to do with qualifications.“

in

UPS/ANTHONY TASSAROHI

SUNYA Director oI Purchasing John Haggeny estimates the
scheduled phone bill hike to be almost 20 per cent oliis present rate.

Gold said he approached
Myskania. before vetoeing the bill,
in an attempt to modify their policy
in a manner that would be accep-
table to SA. .

“I was told that the organization
hasn‘t met all year. but that it would
meet this week." said Gold. “I asked
if I could appeal before the group
and talk about possible restruc-
turing,“ he said. “but I was told it
was a secret meeting."

Central Council overrode Gold‘s
veto Wednesday night with a veto of
19-3. with two representatives
abstaining.

“I was in favor of overriding the
veto." said Central Council
Representative William
Ballenbcrger. “As far its I can see.
Mysktinia isn‘t hurting anybody. If
there‘s something wrong inside
Myskaniti and the members realize
tltat. then it can be changed.“

“Mysknniti has it right to ex-
istcncc. bill it should in no way be
helped by Student Association.“ said
Havkins. “When we deal with the ad-
ministration. we say ‘he open, be
frank. let us know what happens-at
meetings,‘ And here we are suppor-
ting a secret organiwtion."

Myskania's original function

UPSIOANNE KULAIOFF

SA President David Gold had his veto at I bill landing Myeltonll
elections overriden by a vote at Central Council Wednesday night.

upon its establishment in I928 was
that of a student government. When
SA was formed. Myskania took on
certain ritual functions. It presently
serves as the guardian of the
freshman class. and presides over the
annual torch-bearing ceremony.

Sharkcy hopes that Myskania will
become revitalized and participate in
more University activities.

“When SA had a lot of problems

several years ago. it was Myskania
that stepped in and rewrote the con-
stitution and set SA back on its feet."
said Sharkey. “Maybe SA should
help Mysktinia get back on its feet.
instead of trying to get rid of it."
"My stand Wll just symbolic.
against an elitist. secret organiza-
tion." said Gold. “I guess now
everyone from Central Council will
be free to run for Myskania again."

SUNYA’s Phone Bills To Increase

by (i. Pascal Zachary

A change in the waythe New York
I‘elcphone Company bills non-
residential customers. scheduled to
take effect Apr. 30. will increase
SUNYA's phone bill by an estimated
$150000 annually.

new billing system

l'htit is an increase of almost 20
per cent according to SUNYA
Director of Purchasing. John
Iltiggcrty.

The new billing system will time
till local calls to ofl'ctimpus locations
mtidc front SUNYA ol'liccs. and
provide it bill based bit the length of
the calls. Each live minute call made
during business hours will cost 7.2
cents; each additional minute will
cost |.| cent.

llic change will only et'lcct

commercial and institutional users.
The rates for dormitory phones will
remain unchanged. as will the rate
for calls within the 457 exchange.
Haggcrty asked SUNYA phone
users for "assistance and
cooperation in keeping out-going
business calls brief to a minimum."

The Purchasing Department will
receive tin itemized transcript front
New York Telephone detailing the
use of each SUNYA phone during
the month of May. in an effort to
monitor the cl'lects til the rate
change. l'lie transcript will cost
SUNYA between $300 illld $400.
lltiggcrty said.

l'he change in billing will have an
"incredible impact“ on those student
oi'gtiiii/titions which use plioncs
extensively. according to SA

Cwse Vote Expected on Death Penalty Veto

by Matthew ('tix

(ioycrnor Carey's veto on lites-
day ol'the hill imposing the death
penalty lor specilic cttlegorics of
IllllltlL‘l’ may be only three votes
nutty lrom an override in the state
legislature.

In the Scuttle. \vlierctin override is
mpcctcd to be suucessllll. the bill's
original sponsor says there will be
(“H votes more Illllll the 40 needed to
defeat the veto when the issue is
decided sometime next month.

But in the Assembly. where the
outcome of the override is less ccr'
titin. tl member of the Majority
Leader‘s stuff said three more votes
are needed lor Carey‘s vein to be
overturned there.

"I think it's very unlikely that
tliere'll be much swinging of votes at
this stage ol the game." stiid Doug
Mct'ucii. nl Majority Leader
Stanley Fiiik's (D-Brooklyn) ofﬁce.
"lint then it wouldn’t take that many
to do it."

l’hi: statement accompanying
Carey‘s veto reiterated the gover-
nor‘s rationale for opposing the
dctith penalty. calling it “fundamen-
tnlly wrong."

“I do not believe the state should
take life because the criminal has
done so." the statement said. “. . .

PAGE THREE

Retribution is not the same as
punishment. and official killing is
not. in my judgement. it proper or
legitimate exercise of government."

The Senate passed the bill last
month by a vote of 39-I9. and in the
Assembly. where 100 votes are need—
cd to override the veto. the original
\tilc in favor of the death penalty
received 94 votes.

lwo tisscmhlymcn who had corti-
mittcd themselves to supporting the
bill were not present during the
original vote. and are among the
three votcs expected to bring titi
assembly override closer to success.

The third. according to McCuett.
is tiny Brewer (D-Quccns). a senior
black member of the Assembly who
unexpectedly indicated recently that
he will change his vote.

Ilic votes ill the Senate that have
switched. according to a
spokeswoman for Dale Volker's (R~
Buffalo) office. belong to Israel Ruiz
(D-Brotix) and two other Senators
the spokeswoman refused to name.
Volker sponsored the original
legislation in the Senate.

McCucn said the Senate may try
to delay a vote on the override to give
the Assembly backers time to seek
out potential swing votes. The
Senate. having passed the death

penalty legislation bclorc the
Assembly. must net first oti the
override.

“I think that's one part ol the
reason the vote may be delayed."
McCtlcn said. "'I'hc other part is that
they may want to keep it an issue its
long (IS they Cilll. dragging it out tip
tinlil election time."

lwo candidates tor the

Republican gubernatorial nomina-
tion. Assemblyman Perry Duryeti
(R-Monttiukl and Senate Majority
Warren _Aiidet'son (R;
Binghamton). have both issued
statements opposmg the governor's
stand. Carey is tip for re-elcction this

tall.
Carey hits siiid earlier he would
t'miliniwrl on page ﬁve

President Dave Gold.

The conversion from the flat rate
billing to the timed system was
approved by the Public Service
Commission in December.
Spokesman Richard Stannard said
the “metered system“ promotes
conservation. judicious usage ‘of
phones. and allocates costs more
fairly. A spokesman for the
telephone company said that the
billing change “is not designed to
IllL‘l'L ' revenues." Hcdescribcd the
new system as it way of billing more
equitably for the phone usage.

20 per cent eliminated

‘l wo yciirs ago almost 20 per cent
of SUNYA's phone lines were
eliminated by the administration due
to rate increases. Haggerty said that
further cutbacks are a possibility.
bill would be nitidc only as it last
resort.

I'herc is an average til one phone
line on campus Ior every two
SUNYA employees.

Since New York lelcphonc
Company‘s ltisl rate increase in
November. SU N YA has been paying
cltist to $62,000 it month for phone
services.

[be full impact on SUNYA ol'thc
billing change will not be known
until late Mtly. when the University
receives its first bill under the new
system. lltiggcrty said.

Potter Club To Move to Alumni

by Karen Murphy

Potter Club has been assigned
housing in the Waterbury Hull buse-
ment oti Alumni Quad next
semester. a decision made by Acting

Director of Residences Henry
Kirchner. last week.
Co-ed Dorms Expanded

Potter Club is moving from
Hamilton Hall on Colonial Quad
because of it Residence Program to
expand the number of co-cd dorms
on campus. said Kirchner.

Kirchner was secretary of it com-
mittee which reviewed Potter Club‘s
behavior.

The club's first choice for housing

was Waterbury Hall and the alter-
native was Dutch Quad.

Students on Dutch Quad cir-
culated ii petition to keep I’otter
Club from moving there next
semester. Dutch Quad Co-
ordinator. John Murphy said he
received a petition with about ISO
signatures on it. He said “not it
significant number."

Petition Circuleted

The decision to move Potter Club
from Hamilton caused conflicts
between housing and club members.
A petition was circulated on
Colonial Quad to allow Potter Club
to remain in Hamilton. “It acquired

ALBANY ITUDINT PRIDE

about 600 signatures but was never
submitted." according to Club Presi-
dent Al Brassnrd.

Residents Accepting

“Residents on Alumni Quad are
accepting this decision and reacting
positively to the upcoming
semester." according to Alumni
Quad Co-ordiniitor . Liz Radco.

Potter Club is optimistic about
their future in "The Pit" ti name
given to the Waterbury basement.
“The people [Alumni residents] are
more like us and they believe that
college experience should not nterely
be a mealticket to the future,” said
Brassard.

APRIL 1‘. 1m

 

