 

 

 

 

 

   

.

IA!

 

SOFT SERVE
FROZEN
YOGURT

Buy two - get the second
one half-price.

 
  

 7' Just    

   son srsvr

icrcitrnm

Buy two - get the second

one half-price.

plus

CONES - DISHES — SUNDRES

Eniuzrsitu Auxiliary Etrruirrs Epumnrrh [A

TK MVKTAW

 

 

 

 

PAGI 2A

..2.. n.  t ,. . , , _._
r r 

 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 

List Price

 

 

$1.9.

 

211 conimi Avt' Atomier v 41-1 008‘)

 

 

 

 

A‘Straight Time’

Saved By Hoffman

By LINDA FUGAZZI
TRAIGHT TIME, according
to the pressbook, is supposed
to give us the message that
society is uncaring and
unkind to frightened ex-cons,

and if they can‘t make it on the outside it
is mostly ourfault. Asa social indictment,
it fails. But despite a shallow and
disgustingly simple plot. Dustin Hoffman
rescues it from the pits with some
admirable acting.

The story is about Max Dembo
(Dustin Hoffman) whom we meet as he is
being released from prison after serving
six years for armed robbery. Dembo is
sufficiently cowed by prison life to remind
one of a mongrel pup who hasjust been
unchained after being mistreated.

He ventures timidly into the city of Los
Angeles. Photographer Owen Roizman
catches an opulent effect in his scenes of
LA. after dark. He uses blocks of
brilliant colors against a black sky to
frame Dembo as he enjoys his first taste of
freedom. In an earlier scene. a marvelous
aqua auto serves as a color background
against which the other lights of the city
blend and swirl in perfect harmony. We
knowthesocold blocks are neon signs. but
they‘ are fractured and blurred into
patterns which do not spew with words,
but with the immediacy of luminous
paintings.

Dembo is supposed to immediately
contact his parole officer. Earl Frank (M.
Emmet Ealsh). Frank is a sadist, an
unfeeling redneck whose word is law. He
finds in his petty job ample opportunity
to wield absolute power. in typical
bureaucratic fashion, Frank loses
Dembo‘s check-in message. Dembo then
finds himself humiliated and his pride
diminished even further by Frank‘s
threats to put him back behind bars for
the tiniest parole infraction.

Dembo cowers. He gropes visibly for
the right words of contrition. He pleads
for another chance and explains that he
desires nothing more than a room. a
decent job. and a chance to make a new
life for himself. Underneath this facade of
scrvility. Hoffman projects controlled
rage. Since no one likes to see a puppy
mercilessly kicked and kicked again, the
viewer develops a strong desire to rescue
Dembo. which of course. he cannot do.
and an equal desire to kick Frank back.

Dembo contacts an old friend, Jerry,
(Harry Dean Stanton) and is further
degraded when Jerry‘s wife asks him not
to come around again as he's a “bad
influence.“

Fricndless. jobless, and almost
penniless. our hero meets Jenny (Theresa
Russell) at an employment agency. They
hit it off immediately. lle getsa dirtyjob
in a can factory and his world begins to
look a little rosicr. It is too good to last.
and of course. it doesn‘t.

Until now, the brightest thing in the
film has been Dustin Hoffman‘s superb
acting. He has gained the viewers
absolute empathy. He is Dembo; his
walk. his gestures. and his voice are those
of It defenseless. scared. but determined
human being.

ALBANY STUDINT PRESS

Director Ulu Grosbard, who has nicely
captured our sympathy, now proceeds to
build tension through a series of scenes of
a betrayal. the brutally dehumanizing
process of Dembo's rearrest and body
search, and a mass shower Scene in the
jail. We are treated to a wide variety of
nude males. ﬁlmed from the rear. of
course. (A moon is a moon is a moon!)
Since the female nude has been shown in
so many contemporary films that one can
say it is commonplace. it is only titling
that the naked male should have his turn.

Suddenlv. the svmoathy so carti'uiiy
generated in the first part of this film.
evaporates. Dembo grows from Ll
maltreated puppy into a savage. snarling
dog. The transition is unnerving and
unconvincing. Hoffman simply explodes
into a different personality. and we are
now confronted with a macho-thief
seething with rage at society. it was.
however. the viciousness of one parole
officer, Earl Frank. that provoked this
explosion. not the larger society:

He returns to his hoodlum friends and
begs for a gun. Finally. with gun in hand.
he regains his manhood and the power to
enter Jenny‘s bed. a rather overworked
Freudian symbolism.

Jenny. as played..by l‘liereszi Russell.
appears as dull and colorless as her make-
up. which is earth-natural throughout,
The role itself is shallow beyond beiiei.
Russell is reduced to a long string oi sick
smiles and squirrelly remarks like. "I'll
stay with you as long as I can iiaiidie it.
but when lcan‘t I'm gonna go.“ This lillt'.
along with almost all her others. l.\
delivered in a flat monotomc. No passion
redeems her or explains her inane
acceptance of Dembo‘s activities. She
accepts the fruits of his thievery with little
protest. and gives unstintingly oi her car
and her body.

There are the usual car chase scenes.
so me exciting robberies. a shoot-out. iiiid
finally a mindless murder all shallow
commerical fare.

Besides Dustin Hoffman's magic of the
beginning. Harry Dean Stanton. as .lL'l'l).
is memorable as a drug-addict. His boyish
eagerness and stupidity are niceli
contrasted with his stubborn infection toi
his family and Dembo.

Thus despite art asstiriiie plot.
Hoffman's vivid portrayal oi Miix
Dembo. plus some striking
cinematography. earn SI'RAIUHI
TIME a passing mark.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

A
SolutionTo
Last Week's Pulzle
CHADS ICES PBA
CLIPON git
RAVINB acess
ARENAE Whores
cxscuzz.: Ti__L_g[i
EAQFLR giry
MUCILAGLS ONEN
ARENOT S'rOir:
(‘AN L DENMISFR
0N0 L ENE
0 RAZZ "‘ Z
Y .I
PESTBM [N
It Less “ﬁne”
is ARTS ____Ns

 

 

APRIL 28. 197B

    

 

 

 

 

 

r ' Jejan-LucPonty ‘  ..

Plays To  ' ,.

By JON IRESSNER

t was standing room only at

the Palace last Wednesday to

see Jean Luc Ponty with guest

Larry Coryell. Three and a

half hours later when the
place emptied out no one was
disappointed. The concert wasthoroughiy
enjoyable even though it had a distinct
lack of raw creative energy.

Larry Coryell opened the show playing
solo acoustic guitar. His first tune
consisted of some good improvisation
over a melody that often remained very
subtle. Picking up his twelve string guitar.
Coryell demonstrated that there is no
reason one can‘t play twelve string guitar
leads as fast or faster than those ofthe six
string variety. Vocals. Jimi Hendrix type
guitar work and a very original chorus of
Johnny B. Goode were also exposed in
this song.

Playing “Spain.” ti Chick L'orea
composition. Coryell hit his peak
executing some very impressive guitar
manipulation. He completed the tune
with some Spanish Flamingo music to go
with the title.

One of the lowpoints of the
performance was the vocals. Coryell
seems to have perfected the art ofsinging
through his nose as exemplified during
his rendition of "Witchie 'i‘ai Tai.“ He
might consider sticking to guitar. The
song got very rock 'n' rollish and Coryell
incorporated many special effects.
including a device that creates a bass line
an octave below what is played into his
playing.

I‘inally. Coryell picked up his electric
guitar. turned up the volume and started
wailing. Unfortunately. his playing
turned into noise and it was almost a relief
when he left the stage.

Alter a 40 minute intermission. Jean
|.uc l’onty appeared with Allen Zavod on

The Pot

By JERRY MIKORENDA
ooking iorwtird to the last day
ot tests. or typing out the last
footnote oi that twenty-five
page paper so you can sit on
the front porch sipping a cold

Mtilson. pass around a joint. and relax“?
Well. you may consider not doiiigthiit. or
investing some time and money in il test
before you do. As Ilertoit Brecht once
said. “lhc man who laughs has not yet
been told the terrible news."

In recent months the use of l’araquat
for kiliiiig marijuana plants in Mexico is
being questioned by various groups
around the US. In a press release by the
Office of Drug Abuse, the assistant
director of their laboratory. Dr. Doris H.
('loUet. stated: "l’araquat is a broad
spectrum herbicide highly toxic to
mammalian species including man. It can
be associated with lung interstitial
fibrosis and respiratory failure. There is
also damage in kidneys. adrenal. liver.
and other tissues of the body."

llie federal Environmental Protection
Agency (lil’A) released a report
announcing that their studies indicate
l’araqutit can cause birth defects. Small
concentrations of l'ariiqutit were at one
time viewed as safe in foods. however new
studies by the EPA are coming om in
favor of completely banning the herbicide
from any use because of its extremely
toxic effects.

The National Organization for the

APRIL 28. 1978

keyboards. Peter Manu on synthesizer
and lead guitar. Mister Leveneau on lead
and rhythm guitar. Casey Shirelle on
drums and percussion and Ralph
Armstronge on "funky" bass.

Ponty started off with a suite from his
Aurora album. He came out with his
violin screaming and proceeded to take a
middling solo. A loud driving guitar solo
was next with Manu playing his guitar
thrOUgh a synthesizer and extracting a
variety of sounds — including a violin
sound that was audiny quite similar to
l’onty. Armstronge took an interesting
bass solo where he was mainly laid back.
occasionally interjecting a ﬂashy riff and
only finally playing some fast pushy
leads. “The Gradens of Babylon“ from
the Imaginary Voyage album was next
with Leveneau taking a nice guitar solo.
l’onty then took an excellent solo
although I sometimes feel that he uses a
bit too much electronics in'his straight
ahead solos. During this one he used echo
and synthesizer making his violinattimes
sound like an organ.

Continuing with two tunes from the
Iz‘rii'gmatic Ocean album, on “Archer and
'l‘ransylvanian." l’onty combined leads
with pretty resttltant tones. Ponty then
continued soloing as the song broke into
double time and then ended. “The
Struggle of the Turtle to the Sea"
contained a fine keyboard solo by Zavod.
Armstronge continually pleased the
crowd with some superior bass playing
and came through here with a tasteful
lengthy solo.

The volume throughout the concert
was loud but never to the point where it
became detrimental to the. performance.
After a .fairly long piece entitled
“Nostalgic Lady" Ponty was left alone on
stage and soloed using electronic effects.
lly tapping the strings of the violin with
the bow and employing a continuous

You Save

reform of Marijuana Laws (NORML)
has also come out in favor of banning
l’iiraquiit. They have filed suit against the
US. government to stop the spraying
program in Mexico. The program is
supported by the federal government.
George Farmham. Assistant to the
Director of NORML said, "The U.S.
spends millions in support of the
program. in technical help and planes.
Without our technological assistance and
support the Mexican government
wouldn't be able to run the program."

The problem that arises from spraying
the pot fields is the time that hasto elapse
for the l’ariiquat to work. It must be
allowed to work for two days in the
sunlight. Growers soon discovered that if
they harvested the pot right after the
planes had sprayed and then stored the
plants away from the sun. the plants
wouldn‘t be destroyed by the chemical.
l'he sprayed pot would eventually find its
way to the U.S. and your local corner
market.

l’araquat doesn‘t need to be taken in
one lethal dose to harm you; its effects are
accumulative. Subtoxic doses can
gradually build up in your system, and
eventually cause severe damage to the
lungs. Dr. Clouet noted that. "Paruquat
can be absorbed through the skin on any
part of the body. Obviously. it can be
absorbed through the thinner membranes
of the lips, tounge. and mouth." The
National Institute of Drug Abuse reports:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
  

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ccho._l’onty created a background for
himself to solo over. He apparently liked
the echo as he frequently moved his head
around seemingly trying to locate the
source ofthe echo. Duringthis solo l’onty
showed off his extremely fast chops and
was fully appreciated by the audience.

From the Enigmatic Ocean album
“Mirage” was played and then the title
track. “Enigmatic Ocean Suite." This is
an uptempo tune and while jamming the
entire band traded 8—bar solos. The song
ended and the band left the stage.

An encore was called for and l’onty
came out to do his hit single “New
Country.“ The audience reached a high

level of fervor and helped Jean Luc keep.
time with the conifilifft"‘rliythms 'of this'

piece. Guitar and violin solos cooked
through this tune exciting the crowd so as
to request a second encore. This time
Coryell came out to play with Ponty.

“If fibrosis did occur, it would be
irreversible and probably not be
diagnosable until after several months of
smoking contaminated marijuana."

The major symptom of fibrosis is just
“shortness of breath". According to the
State Health Department the disease is
"disabling and can be fatal.“

There is a simple chemical test for
detecting l’araquut. l’araquat is both
colorless and odorless. and can be tested
by soaking oncjoint (minus paper) ofthe
suspected pot in five cubic centimeters of
water for l5 minutes. Strain the pot
leaving a brown solution. Then add 100
milligrams of sodium bicarbonate
(baking soda) and mo milligrams of
sodium dithionite. If you can see a blue
color clearly through the brown then
l’araquat is present; if you can‘t see any
blue then the pot in question is all right.

However. sodium dithionite is noteasy
to come by; it‘s not available in the
Albany area, and doctors warn people
that if they don't know anything about
chemistry or chemical procedures they
shouldn't attempt to try this test on their
OWIl.

While Paraquat contamination has not
been limited to one specific section of the
country, the Southwest. because of its
proximity to Mexico, has had the most
cases of Paraquat related illness.
Although to date there haven't been any
cases reported in New York, some cases
have been found in Houston and San

ALBANY ITUDIN‘I‘ Phil!

Their unknown number started out with
some short insigniﬁcant solos. The tune
broke into double time and once again the
entire band soloed. Coryell took what
seemed to be. plainly speaking, a very
poor solo but popular belief has it that the
guitar was improperly mixed and not
totally audible. Ponty took a last solo and
the concert ended.

Overall, I found this show to be
thoroughly enjoyable and would be more
than willing to go to see Ponty again.
However, I feel that this concert was
extremely audience oriented and that
Ponty did not play to his full potential as
a violinist. Coryell too, has shown himself
to have amaling potential that he does

.not. frequently fulﬁll. especially in large

scale concert settings. This is Just-A-
Concert Production‘s first show and
hopefully they will continue to bring high
quality concerts to the Albany area.

May Be Your Own

Francisco. The Mexican government has
been spraying Paraquat since l975. and
over the past few months ten to twenty
per cent of the pot seizures in the
Southwest have been contaminated with
l’araquat.

Despite the state Division ofSubstance
Abuse Services (Office of Drug Abuse)
declaring the color change test valid
earlier this week, NORML remains
unconvinced that it works and doesn't
support the test as a valid indication that
Paraquat is present in pot.

Farmham suggests that if you want to
be safe you should send a sample
consisting of one loosely roiled joint (no
return address) to Street Pharmaceutical
PO. Box 60l233 North Miami. Florida
33 i (ii. Mark the envelope "Hand cancel"
so it won't get crushed, and stick a made-
up 5 digit number along with five dollars
in the envelope. Wait about five days or
so and call (305) 446-3585 asking for your
number. and they will tell you if your pot
is contaminated or not.

Farmham also urges that ifyou want to
see this spraying program stopped you
should write to President Carter. or
Secretary of State Vance. and demand the
U.S. to stop funding the program. "I
don‘t know what their reasoning is [said
Farmham of the government], in
supporting such a program. but it should
be stopped immediately." It is estimated
that there are over one million pot
smokers in New York State alone. That‘s
a lot of fiver: ﬂying to Miami. J

PAC. M

 

 

