-4-r ~—" - IVE-am- MM...“ «NA...- M‘

lbw—ma ,,

Lévfﬂmrwxﬁsrsgs w, , 3. ..

is £12.“: .ixl: .l'izl‘i'iiii.

 

utﬂua‘l‘t I. mun!» out .| mnmmn.

.hJ i. t’lJ.’ [‘3]

 

 

 

' One Wheel is
*7 Better Than Two

By DONNA‘ MASTROMONACO
nicycling is part of my life.
More than that, it‘s part of
me; it‘s an extension of my
body," said Ed Howe. a
freshman at SUN YA. Ed‘s
short but firm and muscular body can
typically be seen cruising on his unicycle
down the streets of Albany and around
the SUNYA campus.

When going a short distance. lid
prefers cycling to walking. If his
destination is too far away. he packs his
ttnicycle in the trunk of ltis car. atid later
cycles around the area. Living on tlte
downtown campus gives lid the
opportunity to unicycle to U'Heaney‘s
(among other bars). diners. and
restaurants. He‘ll sometimes ride his
unicycle uptown to classes. though Ed
won‘t cycle when going somewhere with
his friends. “They can‘t keep up with me.“
Ed smiles.

lid also juggles. According to sortie
Waterbury residents he‘ll juggle altttost
anything. including the cal'eteria‘s
scallops. croutons. and even jello. His
usual juggling props. however. are balls
and apples.

“He‘s very confidcitt at yourexpense."
said Walter Goldman and Bill Yesko.two
oi lid‘s friends who are attending a school
of hard knocks for some of Ed‘sjuggling.
Balls have hit their heads. crushed their
plants. and knocked over bottles and
glasses on their tables, ‘Ll‘l‘eg still etijoy
“watching ’Ed juggle: thougtw- and “have
even asked for lessotts. lad ltas found a lot
of people at SUNYA interested iii his
,juggling and unicycling. lle linds tnorc
inspiration here than back ltome iii
|.eomister. Massachusetts. "At home I
only juggle for mysell. or to entertain
relatives, but here I also teach a lot at
people how to do it.“ he said.

Ed said he'was ajuggler before he was a
uuicyclist. About fottr summers ago he
worked in an apple orchard and a lellou
worker taught him how to juggle apples,
"We goode offa lot at work.“ he laughed.
“We would have juggling olytiipics iii the
Orchard.“

On Christmas that same year his aunt
gave him professionaljuggling balls. l‘his.
combined with a book his sister lound for
him. entitled The Juggling Him/t. set lid
off on his career.

“i realized that there were a lot of
things 1 could teach myself.“ lid stated
and spent the next six months practicing
each day for half an hour.

About a year and a hall'ago l;d decrded
to learn how to ride a unicycle. He bottght
one for about $60 and he just got on and
taught himself to ride. "it‘s a real solo
thing.“

Was it hard to learn to ride a unciyele‘!
Harder than learning to ride a bike. said
Ed. He needed to develop front and back
balance as well as sideways. But. he said,
the unicycle gives his hips and hands more
freedom. Bicycles are faster bttt unicycles
are more fun. “I‘ll never get on a bicycle
unless I have to. now that I learned to
unicycle," declares Ed.

Ed always brings his unicycle inside the
bar or restaurant that he is in for fear of its
being stolen. When inside he puts it in a
Place where it won't inconvenience
anybody. “It's pretty easy to hang it up on
chairs or in wedges." he said.

Ed has two unicycles. a normal sized
one and one that has a seat that is five and
a half feet above the ground. The larger
one is much bulkier and harder to move.

PAGE 11A

' ugmsa.«ts‘.\r.-mm:.so.)a... .—

1

Why does he want to ride it? "To show
off... it‘s a challenge." he answered with a
smile. Atiotlier challenge for Ed.
lcspeeially iii Albany) is riding his cycle iti
iey weather witltout chains.

Ed has aspirations of being a
professional clown. He may be attending
the Ringling Brothers. Barnum and
llailcy clown school in Florida next
semester. An application was sent there a
month ago and he is now waiting for a
reply.

If he‘s accepted itito the circus after
c|o\\tt school Ed said he would join and
“stay tor a while to see if I like the life." If
he decides to settle down Ed would go
back to college. btit he wasn’t sure if it
\\ould he SUNYA. “Wherever I go,“ he
said. “id like to start a clttb to do circus
things".

But lirst. ltd said. he wants to “finish
this term in style."

lle‘s oil to a good start. Wlicti
performing iii the downtown campus'
(long Show. lid received forty-nine out of
a possible lilty points. An even tnorc
impressive leat is that Ed‘s image may be
itnntorttili/ed by the State Musuem ol
\.\. at Albany.

A short slide Shtm. which is part of an
t_‘\illi)tl on the 200 years ol the history of
\. t. includes a picture ol l2d riding his
lllllL’)CiL‘ on the SUM A campus.

According to lad Bron n. supervisor of
the Audio Visual staff in the mustegttn. the

e .

reason Ed‘s picture waspiekcd as part of":
the exhibit is that did‘ i’did thingswnot 'd

ordittary to the public." and Brown
thought lid “was a unique individual.“

id is making progress but there will
probably be more challenges coming his
\\tl)‘. it enough people think that he is
“unique”. one day we ititght be turtting on
our television sets to see lad llowe
performing with the Ringling Brothers.
Barnum and Bailey circus.

ALBA" Y STUDINT PRESS

not  - .
ﬂ Do you tool you have been disseminated ‘
against when looking for an oil-campus
apartment? '
Do you know of a particular landlord that
has discriminated against you?

it so. don’t hesitate to col legal unless
at 457-7911 or 00A 451-3421

funded by student association :

 

 

w i .n‘ .
Coordinated by NYPIR _ call 7-2446

Concerned About...

Discrimination? Your Education?
'l‘he Environment? Food Additives?

Phone Your
Legislator

Monday, April l7th thru Friday April 21st.
10:00 a.m. to 3:00 pm.
Campus Center Lobby

Students Alliaiice txt'iletgovide all necessary‘information.
' '  " ' ‘ For Info.

 

 

PSS’I‘!
HAVE YOU .

HEARD AlloU'l‘

e
$20 resume

How to get your resume
prolonlonally typout and printed (100 copies)
tor under $20

The ASP composition service will typeset your current resume and present youl
photomechanical master copy for $10 even. (That's a better price than any
composing house in the Tri-City area offers.)

Then we‘ll recommend one or more local commercial printers who'll reproduce
that master l00 times onto certificate bond for around $8, plus tax.

You'll have an impressive, extremely readable resume that looks good and
presents your best side most effectively.

Contact the Albany Student Press composition service,
457-8892

(ask for Jon or Brian)

 

 

 

 

 

APRIL 14, 1978

 

