4 -<-I—«.p~ » ....

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

I

. ’ ’

  

.‘ x
f”’ I
I I I
I
l
/ Plus nee Flying Lessons
" ~ Natural presents this up~in~the-air contest just

for the fun of it. Here’s all youdo: Fold, Crimp,
Lick and Tape this ad or other paper into any-
thing that ﬂies in accordance with the OffiCial
Rules. Then, send it to us.

The Grand Prizeis a Cessna 152 II Airplane plus. free
ﬂying lessons (Up to 40 hours). Our runner up prize of a

‘  'free'ﬂ‘ying lessonwill be awarded‘tolall finalists.
And. the first 5000. entries will receive an official
contest patch. Get ﬂying, you could wm.

Greatest Distance
Wins The Cessna
Special Awards 'l‘o Most Original, Most
Attractive. And Maximum Time Aloft
At The National Fly-Off
100 finalists will be chosen on the basis of farthest
distance ﬂown. From these finalists. the Grand
Prize Winner will be selected at a National Fly-
Off judged by a panel of experts to be named later.
Bonus Awards: At the National Fly-Off'all finalists
will also be judged in such categories as most
original design. most attractive and duration of
ﬂight. These category winners will receive
special recognition awards.
Quick. Get your entries in today. Then relax,
take a “Natural Break". we'll notify you
if you're a winner.

'10 me: Complete The Following
And Mail (See Rule #1 for contest address)

Your Name

Address

City

 

 

State

 

 

 

 

'l‘ l more about learning to fly, call toll
"tam-4474700 (In Illinois call 8003224400
and ask for the Cessna ’lbke-Olf operator.

   

m

i

~
~§

1/

.55

 

 

 

 
 
 
 

\
\

m.

 " "limit AIaPLANE‘oONTEsT 

    

-/
/

/

/

.\\\

 
    

\

 

, _ S 
"’4! __ N.

\
\
\ \s
\ \‘
\

\
\
\

a
‘r

0310131 Rules
lama-sol

    

   

//

    
 
  
    

meaty
h M Kero'llllm no. . .
1. Construct a fixed wing paper airplane which sustains

ﬂight solely by use of aerodynamic forces. with a'total
length and wing span of no more than 60". clearly print your

The Anheuser—Busch Natural Light
Paper Airplane Contest
P.0. Box 8404
Blair. Nebraska 68009

but each entry must be mailed separately.
3. All entries must be received by May 15. 1978.

will be conducted in an indoor location by the

direction of the I).l.. BLAIR CORPORATION.
finalists iii the following categories:

A. Most original design

B. Duration of ﬂight (maximum time aloft)

paper airplane)

()I“ THEJUDGES IS FINAL.

 

D.l.. BLAIR CORI’ORA'I‘ION. an independent judging organization ‘\
7. The top 100 farthest flying airplanes (the Finalists) will be flown \
again indoors to select the farthest ﬂying paper airplane using the \

same criteria as slated above. Selection of a winner will he tnade by a “
distinguished panel of judges who will be named later. under the

8. Bonus prizes of Special Recognition Awards will be awarded to

C. Most attractive (overall appearance of design. and color of i

I name and address on a visible part of it. and mail (please wrap
securely) in a folded, ready to ﬂy condition to:

I
\
\
\
\
\
\
\

\ . .
2. Winners will be selected solely on the basis of farthest straight ltiie
distance achieved between point of launch and point of nose impact.
There will be only one launch per entry. Enter as often as you Wish.

4. Paper airplanes may have ailerons. rudders. elevators or labs. but

we will make no adjustments to them. The only acceptable materials

to be used in construction are paper and cellophane tape. .

5. All airplanes will be launched by hand only. If there are any special
instructions regarding launching such as the angle of attack and force
(hard. medium or soft) of launch. please print them clearly on a visible
portion of your paper airplane. and the judges will attempt to folloiv them.
6. Preliminary judging to select the farthest flying 100 paper airplanes

\

Selection of bonus prize winners will be made by a distinguished \‘
panelofjiitlges. under the direction ofthe D.l.. BLAIR CURI’ORA'I‘IUN.
9. In the event of ties, duplicate prizes will be awarded. DECISION

10. Contest is open to residents of the contiguous 48 Continental

United States who are of legal age for the purchase and constnnp~
tioii of alcoholic beverages in the State of their residence. except
employees and their families of Anheusei'Busch. lnc.. their alliv
liates. agents. wholesalers, retailers and the l).l.. BLAIR
CORPORATION. This offer is void whercVer prohibited by law.
Winners will he notified by tiiail. All Federal. State and local laws
and regulations apply. All entries become the property of
Aiilieiiseriluscb. Inc.. and will not be returned.
ll. Fora list of the top 100 winners. send a stamped sell-addressed
envelope to: “Paper Airplane Winner's List," l‘.(). Box 9027.
Blair, Nebraska 68009. Do not send this request with your entry.

 

 

 

 

ramblln'

 

by D. the K.

When the 'ASP printed an exceptionally
offensive "BEACON MAN" cartoon.some
feminists responded by making quite a lot of
noise about how atrocious it was. I' was a little
amused. That cartoon impressed me as
makings publicdisplay of idiocy. I mean it is
difficult to believe that in our day and age
there still are people who are so incredibly
ignorant, bigoted, self-centered. callous and
inconsiderate. Perhaps as an effort to even the
score. the subsequent ASP portrayed “ Bacon
Woman" mistreating a guy in precisely the
same manner.

Now doesn‘t that strike you as stt’lll'igc'.’
Instead of dealing with the issue. they merely
struck back. The problem \Mlll “male
chiiuvinist pigs" is not primarily the ignorance
of openly showing their callous tttlittldcs biil
that attitude itself. If it is assumed that women
exist only to satiate the sensual desires ol
males. the fact that women are human is being
totally ignored. Women are humans in
precisely every characteristic that classifies
men as being humans.

So the attitude prolrayed by that cartoon
boils down to man‘s inhumanity to man. Self-
ccntercd people generally respond to exposure
o attack merely by resentment and
toriil'ication. that is. a puin leads to it slime
which leads to kicking which funds to arms
swinging; that is the way \\tl|.\ begin. 5o
obvioust attacks are not the iiiosi ut'lcctiie

.

way to change wicked attitudes. Next week I‘ll
discuss in greater detailjust what the solution
is.

Numerous events on campus are virtually
ignored by apathetic students. So it takes quite
a bit of hustle and bustle to get the attention of
ii significant percentage of the student body.
So when an activity is noted in the ASP. it
must be quite conspicuous. Such is the case
\i'ith iltc socialists. An editorial described
tlictii its being antique. a remnant of the past
decade \thcn instead of being apathetic.
students were very much aroused. Arotised b)
the atrocities of government of corporations
perpetrated against foreigners. segments of
our own society. and our environment. “ills
aroused. they called society's attention to
numerous problems and catalyed public
demand [or relorni. the square \ilieels ol’ the
burcaucnic) do“ I) began to Ill) it. and reform
\ttlx begun.

But the “heels turned too sltml); the crisis
on.» .iliciidy upon us. and those :ictnists
couldn‘t nail What “as needed nits a basic
change lll attitudes on the part ol almost
cicij.boil). Blacks. notiicn Catholics.
llltllillh. poor. . ..ill had to he iccogni/cd as
living _|ll.\l tt\ human as WAth and \\t:tlilll_\
loll“. Btit clloits to legislate iiglit bchii\ioi
nus slioiiii by ihe prohibition via to be
doomed to lttlltll'L‘.

 

18% 6mm?
asch 01779 
ﬁrm (new

 

We
Cﬂmzm
Oiémr'HC/Mmzr
@(immb’r
ﬁsherman

FRIDAY. MARCH 10 AT 8:00 pm.

 

€96 warp/skim”!
owes
9668mm

SATURDAY. MARCH it At 3:00 p.m.

kin/M7

SA funded

 

 

l THE DEPTS. 0F THEATRE, MUSIC, AND FRENCH PRESENT

 

FESTIVAL 0F
.FRENCH PERFORMING ARTS

Performing Arts Center-The University at Albany
Admission: $3.50 gen; $2.50 Ed. ID; $l.50 tax cord

THE EVENING 0F THEATRE WILL BE PERFORMED IN FRENCH

 

 

 

 

 

disillusioned students turiied  yr
poi. boon, acid and truism g‘ra _‘ i
lusts in order to drwon out the pressures on
reality and ilieunwilliiigiiess of society to give

them their own way.‘After all, why‘should 

members of the establishment elite give up
unjust gain just to please a mob of unruly
rebels?

Those students were right in pointing out
blatant failures and ﬂagrant injustices. But ‘
they had no solutions to offer. And‘vile
subversives exploited that impotence.
Therefore we have gloomy students trying to
peddle their tabloids reporting hopeless
situations at home and abroad. Obviously
socialism is not the answer. (No socialist state
has a better record than the traditional failures
or has eliminated any of the problems
socialists complain about in - capitalist
countries.) And the traditional failures
(scapegoats of the communists) are practically
powerless to heal themselves. The solution lies
elsewhere. I‘ll be discussing it in further detail
next week.

Every academic building on the podium has
iit least one room in which the request for
smokers to cease or abstain is printed in 6
languages. What right does'thc school have to
attempt to legislate the respiratory habits of
any enrolled student? The Declaration of
Independence states thiit l have the right to
liberty and the pursuit of happiness. So who
are you to say I shouldn't smoke? ll‘l have the
riglil to smoke cured tobacco leaves. do you
have the right to burn a basket of Autumn
leaves in the some classroolii'.’ It I exhale
smoke by your face. do you have a right to fart
in mine? Smokers are anxious to preserve their
habit. but they are noticeably overlooking the
riglii o) iioii-siiiokers to life and to clean air.
lo maintain their addiction. smokers pity 60
cents or more per pack. ‘l'licy endorse ads
associating exercise and fresh air or virility or
excitement with smoking the right cigarette.
1 this they do by proxy. by virtue of the fact
that buying cigarettes is supporting the

 

they- have to hiss

_ AM,
industries bar million of "acresﬂfrtim

used forproductive erop'l‘to’ helpf

‘ millions. To smoke is to display self-centered '5

contempt for the rights of non-smoked”.

that what you want?
. ,

Another issue which I would like to mention
at this time is abortion. What right does the
state. a hospital staff, a doctor. or anybody
else have to say whether I should carry my
baby to full term? It is my body; it is my baby.
Except for the very rare case of a rape victim,
no egg is fenililed except by the permission of
the mother. Pro-abortion fanatics argue that
denying free abortions to poor people is
discriminating against them in particular. The
old adage "an ounce of prevention is worth a
pound of cure” is still true. If a‘sexually active
female is too irresponsible to practice birth
control (either artificial or the work "no").
then she should be sterilized. i realize few
people agree with me on this point. But what
right does she have to waste our tax revenues
by promiscuityf ll'she has that right. then an
acid freak has the right to plunder and rob to
support his addiction. “That's different" you
say! HOW? How is one kind ofthicvcry less vile
than the other? Both stem from self-centered
contempt for the rights and property of others.

 

Write a letter
to the ASP
todaylltl

 

breathe air and the rights of «anion meal. [If -

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 was LLMAii retreats

 

 

 

 

EXpeﬁencethe
Hendrix Experience

  
 
  
  
 
 
    
  
 

COME SEE

JIMI
PLAYS
BERKELEY

AT THE UA
HELLMAN THEATRE

The classic rocli

film will be-
shown only once

Friday
March 10

at
Mldnlte!

  

 

 

   
  
 

  

 

