 

 

ats, ” I thought, my mind

seeing rooms filled to

overflowing with the furry

little beasties. all milling

about, climbing on top of each

other, squirming and wriggling their way

up onto furniture, along sills and ledges,

up walls. working their way up to the

ceiling, only to tumble back and be buried

' beneath a myriad of warm. heaving little
bodies.

J.M. Reilly

 

“...have been known to turn on each
other, and tear one another to shreds in
an absolute manic frenzy when too many
[individuals are concentrated in any
confined space. Asocial behavior.
ranging from mildly
antagonistic/agressiveness to total
psychopathey can be brought about
through severe overcrowding.“

The words from some half-forgotten
psychology text and the image they
conveyed materialized and solidiﬁed as 1
read about dormitory rooms and
Brubacher basements stuffed full of the
vibrant little bodies of 250 eager but
anxious freshmen for whom normal
housing accomadations were lacking.

“Increased occupancy...temporary
housing...“ would this be the stimulus
that would spark the sociopathic fumes
ﬂoating around in the heads of these
neophyte collegiates? Fumes composed
of anxieties about academic and social
success in a totally new and unrestriced
environment, anxieties about self-
dctermination and self-creation, about
loxneliness. competition. the first time,

lchronic bed-wetting_ and premature
ejaculation? Would this overcrowding
and feeling of transcience, '. of

temporariness. of knowing that just as
you are getting used to the wierdos you
are living with, "They" will come in and
tell you that you must move into a new
cubicle full of burn-outs. cretins. and

 

 

 

punk-rockers be the metaphorical straw
that broke the frighteningly delicate
camels back arching between smiling,

nondescript normalcy and totally
aberrant bonkerdom?
Technicolor visions erupted tn

'cimemascope and full-blown Dolby
sound; a slender little freshwoman on the
14th floor of Mohawk Tower clutches at
the two slobbering lumps of frizzed hair
and overall sprawled on the suite room
floor in an angel-dust narcoleptic funk,
shrieking “No, no they‘re my friends. I
won't move to Onondaga" while two
chisle—featured housing goons drag her
out by the heels... pathetic
Or the extremely myopic carrot-head
with the coke-bottle glasses and freckles
cowering ill the corner, clutching his
favorite radiator. who stares bug—eyed ttt
his two sleeping roomies. sweat oozing
from his every pore. He can‘t get out of
the room. they‘re too big. Their bodies.
huge and swollen. have been ballooning
at logarithmic rates for the last few hours.
taking tlp tnore and more of the tiny
room. meeting in the middle ofthe floor,
stretching frotn wall to wall, floor to
ceiling. And now the two bodies have
become one grotesque ball of pulsating
humanity. advancing toward him, forcing
him back to his radiator. up against the
smothering power of human presence
crushing the wind. the very life out ofhim.
with only one escape left...ifhe can open
the window.maybehe can squeeze out. A
twenty story drop has to be more humane
than this horrible death by “severe
overcrowding.“

But wait a second. We all know how
visions are. always so bloody extreme, the
Jerry Rubins of the mind. Perhaps the
situation is not quite this bad. Remember,
it took “severe overcrowding" to do in the
rats. Perhaps if the situation has managed
to avoid that apocalyptic adjective. the
freshman overerowdees may be
responding favorably by keeping their
teeth concealed behind tight lips. Maybe

They can brush tholr tooth and hold their dorm meotlnge atthe
some time (Bob Loon-rd)

 

   
 
   
    
    
   
   
   
    
    
   
   
   
   
     
   
   
       
     
    
    
    
    
    

Nam“...  . .

Slzo 10? Try rack number two. (Sam Terlllll

all that‘s apparent is a little overt teeth-
clenching.

Enough of this hypothesizing and
armchair sociolgizing, and get on the
road to some hard-core objective-type on
—the-scence observation and concise
though slightly dull reportage.

Roving about the hallways and lounges
of. the on—campus Quads. I sense that
something‘s wrong; there's no oppressive
number of bodies, no tension in the air.
not even one set of teeth clenched.
Something must be wrong. “Where‘s your
overcrowding?“ l yell up to R.A. Barbara
on the balcony of Herkimer Hall. "No
problem here." she answers apparently
totally sincere. “We have two people in
otlr guest room. but there are two beds
there anyway. so it‘s not crowded."
Disappointed. 1 move on toward Dutch.
“Try the l4th floor of Mohawk." a voice
whispers. then disappears into the night,
As i make my way hurriedly for lndian.
people I ask nod knowingly. particularly
the freshmen men. “Yup, that‘s it" one
says emphatically, “a whole overcrowded
ﬂoor of freshman girls, three extra in
every suite. “Everybody seems to know
about the l4th floor.

I approach excited. but cautious; three
extra per suite sounds alramingly close to
sevure.

I look for Joyce, the R.A. on the l4th

It’s not bad, but it’s a pain haV

Try waking up in the morning With

wr-‘m-wwm....._ . . .H

floor. but instead run into two illll'llt'ln‘t‘
young women scurrying about I'm pl/Ilt
money.

“What do you
overcrowding?" 1 ask.

“Oh. we got it here" Lisa motttts. rolllng
her eyes. i check for signs of strain. btlt
draw a blank.

“But it‘s not so bad.“ site adds.
Backpeddling'.’ Symptomatic perhaps?

“Oh, it sucks" Marion coos. “C‘nton
Marion, it‘s not really bad.“ Lisachidcs.

“It‘s a pain in the ass" Marion cotlntels,
I look hopefully at Marion. Her mouth
stays loose and sensual. her brow
unfurrowed, her fists unclenchcd. She
may be tougher and blunter. but she‘s tlo
more stressfull than the more
complacent, demure Lisa.

Their close accord continues into it
somewhat inconclusive discussion ofth
process of “dc-tripling.“

“Thev told us wejust have to wait to be
de—tnpled." Lisa says. “but we have top
prlortty.“

"No we‘re not.“ objects Million.
“they‘ve got to take care of llruhltcltct'
first."

They turtt to me to settle tltc argument.
but at the time I was more ignorant than
they. In later discussion Wllll Resident-c
Director John Welty. it ttllnctl out Ill-H
Marion had been rigltt. The 70 pcoplv

kno‘h‘ about

L

_”’M

. .... a”,

    

 
  

“Three's Company" but this Is rldlculoue (Sam Terllll)

holed up in the barracks—like Brubacher
recess accomadations were the top
priority for placement in available rooms.
particularly the women. The apparent
sexist bias was actually a simple question
of logistics. since the semester began with
60 or 70 more women living in increased
occupancy or temporary housing,
further complicated by the fact that more
spaces for men were opening up than for
women.

“Wanna see our rooms?“ the ladies ask.

The rooms look a bit crowded, witha
bunk and a regular bed. but not as bad as
I had expected, because tower roolns are
larger than lowrise rooms.

“it's not bad, btlt it‘s a pain having
somebody sleep over you.“ Lisa said.
“Try waking up in the morning with
someone stepping on your face.“

l asked how this had affected their first
impression of SUNYA, expecting walls
about traumatic disappointment and
inconvenience.

“Oh. it‘s O.K. lwas warned in advance.
so i knew wltat to expect.“ Lisa
explained.

“I wasn‘t,“ Marion said. “I didn‘t find
otlt ‘til I got up here."

Welty explained that letters had been
setlt to those freshmen whose
applications and contracts had been
processed toward the end of enrollment

someone stepping on your face.’

explaining the situation. The letters
advised the recipients that they would be
living in increased occupency housing
temporarily, that they should bring only
essentials.andthatthey could canceltheir
housing contract if they did not want to
.ivc under these conditions. Welty said
that letters had been sent to incoming
transfers advising them that no on-
calnptts housing was available, but that
the Residence Office would help them
find housing in the Wellington Hotel. at
l’itlnan Hall, or possibly alternative
housing ill the iocal area. Welty said the
residence office tried to put people in

colltact with the Off-Campus Housing

Association.

"Wanna see some overcrowding.” a
voice beckoned from the otherend ofthe
corridor. 1 stood ill the hallway of the
three-room suite and talked about lack of
closet space and toilet paper and the
decision to dc-triple or not to dc—triple
with (iinny. Cathy. Candy. France. etc..
etc.. as t he hallway gradually filled. at one
poittt holding all nine suite occupants.
two male visitors, and the reporter.

A first hand experience of intense
overcrowding was better than i could
have hoped for. I waited for tempers to
rise as the volume and heat increased
while free space and the oxygen level
dropped rapidly. lint nothing happened.

“9 somebody sleep over you.

’

 

 

 

 

Everybody was yelling and generating a
tremendous amount of heat (except
Momma Cath. who kept scurrying aound
shaking her head. trying to restore
order). but they were all smiling. and
talking about how they didn‘t want to de-
triple now. but would prefer keeping
things asthey were. 1 realized the only one
experiencing anydetrimentaleffectsfrom
this spontaneous severe overcrowding

was myself. though more from oxygen
deprivation and over-exposure to intense.
young female energy, so I tnade my exit.

Welty later explained that those that
wish to stay tripled may do so. with a
substantial reduction in rootn charge per
year because of the increased occupancy.
l'hosc ill tripled rooms pay front $505 to
$6l6.25 instead of the normal room fee of
$700 to $750. Welty said a number of
people have opted for this.

Jack Simeonc. ittdiull Quad
Coordinator. suid lttost of tllosc who do
ask to he tie-tripled still want to stay on
the Quad. He explained tile effort to
satisfactorily llccomodatc all the
increased occupancy students as a cross-
campus effort, ill which each Quad is
cooperating with the Residence Office ill
taking care of people as per an agreed-
tlpon priority system. Simeonc said that
the women in Bl‘ubacher are top priority.
followed by the women on the |4th floor
of Mohawk and those temporarily
housed in R.A.stliterooms on the Quads.

As of Wednesday. Welty said there
were only l4 women still housed in
llruhacher of an original 70. and only 2
people still living in R.A. suiterooms of
an original 50.

The people housed in Quad guest
roolns were next on the priority list. and
of the I4 originals. only a "couple" were
still in the guest rooms. Last on the list
were the people in the increased
occtlpancy triples, of which 94 of the
original 116 were still living three to a
Tool“. ,

According to Simeone. for rigitt now,

 

 

males are low on the priority list.
“because we‘re already down to de-
tripling increased occupancy guys. while
we still have women in Brubacher and in
R.A. suites“; One bunch of guys Iran
into ought to be a little higher up on the
priority level. 203 lrving is inhabited by
seven guys who are definitely showing
detrimental effects from over crowding,
or perhaps just from being l9. They
subject caelt other to horrifying levels of
noise and dangerously asocial verbal
abuse. and coerce local women into their;
rooms by playing punk rock at l [0 dbs.
They actually tried to get me to listen to
“ l oilct Love." hill i knew what they were
up to. diagnosed them terminal cases of
tragic-traumatic severe overcrowding.
and made a fleet btlt discreet exit.

John Murphy. the Dutch Quad
Coordinator said as of Wednesday
evening. all triples who so desired would
have been effectively de-tripled. Murphy
said this would have already been
accomplished on Dutch except that the
process was slowed a bit by those students
conltemplaling staying tripled and efforts
to plth those de-tripled on the same
Quad.

According to .lolttl Welty,_the open-
release clause. which was supposed to end
Sept. ll htlt may be extended. togetltcr
with the number of official no-shoWs, and
withdrawals. should provide enough
available housing for all of the original
250 students. almost all freshmen.
eventually. "Things are moving along,"
Welty said, “and we will eventually be
down to l00%."

So. to quote another reporter. perhaps
this story didn‘t need to be told, or
perhaps it should have been told sooner,
at the peak of the severe overcrowding.
before the new crop of sociopaths we‘ve
grown here learned to conceal their
aberration and only bite their roomates.
But here‘s all idea: cut out this story. save
it. and read it next year. two weeks earlier.

Beauty Salon —— Mohawk Tov'lor Stqu (Bob Leonard)

 

,..

 

