 

     
 

 

~e

  
   
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
   
  
   
  

  

 

 

i>|‘t-1-J111.ms~

   

.» arzel)v

 

 

Gooenment Problems in Iran

TEHRAN. lItANtAP) The installation of Iran‘s ﬁrst military
government in 25 years triggered more rioting. and there
were fears that strikes and other political turmoil in this oil-
rich nation may soon be felt at the gasoline pumps in
America and other big consuming nations. One person died
and two were wounded Monday night when troops dispersed
rioters protesting the 37-year rule of Shah Mohammed Reza
I’ahlavi and the appointment of his chief of staff. Gen.
Liholam Reza Azhari. to head Iran‘s new regime. Mobs
burned and looted bank branches and liouor stores near
Tehran Universityand in a town near the railroad stationjust
outside the capital. Demonstrations also were staged in
Abadan. in the heart of the oil-producing region in southern
Iran. Exiled Shiite Moslem leader Ayatallah Khomaini said
in a CBS TV interview in Paris that while he hopes the shah
can be overthrown by strikes and demonstrations he does not
rule out armed violence. The religious leader also said the
Islamic government he envisions for Iran would try the shah
and sentence him to “a minimum of life imprisonment" on
grounds of ordering people killed. The State Department.
long a supporter of the shah. expressed support for the
change to military rule on ground the restoration oflaw and
order is essential if the shah is to carry out his plan to hold
elections for a civilian government.

WASHINGTON (AP) Israeli Foreign Minister Moshe
Dayan says U.S. help in building two new airﬁelds will have
to be “dealt with“ before his government approves terms oI'a
peace treaty with Egypt. Dayan told reporters late Monday
after it meeting with Secretary of State Cyrus R. Vance that
details ol translcrring control of Sinai oilﬁelds to Egypt also
remain to be worked out. But he steered clear oflaying down
conditions for completion of the accord and said most
military questions have been settled. “We can see the end ofit
being reached shortly." he said of the treaty‘s military
annexes that occupied negotiators most of Monday.
llcading back to Washington from Cairo and Jerusalem
were Boutrous Uhali. the acting Egyptian foreign minister.
and li/er Wei/man. the Israeli defense minister. Diplomatic

 

 

\

world news-briefs!)

 

sources said that Ghali. at least. could be carrying
“clariﬁcations” with him. In Cairo Monday. President
Anwar Sadat said Egypt would not sign a treaty that did not
clearly spell out future negotiations dealing with the fate of
Palestinians on the Israeli-occupied west bank ofthe Jordan
River. Sadat told reporters his negotiators want an
agreement to begin talks on self-rule for the Palestinians.
Sadat indicated thosetalks should start withina month ofthe
_ treaty‘s signing.

LongCampaignEnds

WASHINGTON (AP) After a costly. often caustic
campaign. the clamor ofthe candidates yielded tothe hush of
the voting booth yesterday as Americans chose a new
Congress and elected 36 governors. Withmore than a few
soundalike candidates blurring party lines on the economic
issues that concerned voters most. Republicans had only frail
hopes of significantly denting the Democrats' control in
Congress and the state governments. At issue were all 435
seats in the House. 34 in the Senate and 36 governorships. In
the adjourned 95th Congress, Democrats controlled the
Senate 62 to 38. and the House with 285 seats to the
Republicans” I46. Four House seats were vacant. There are
now 37 Democratic governors and only a dorcn
Republicans. with one independent. Forty-ﬁve states were
electing legislatures yesterday and that was a special concern

     to the Republicans. vastly out-numbered there and fearful

that partisan redistricting after the 1980 census could worsen
their plight in the House. In 16 states. the voters were
balloting on tln assortment of tax and spending restraints. a
testament to the tax revolt that surfaced first in California's
Proposition 13.

v.
v

Kremlin Denounces Discos

MOSCOW (AP) A Kremlin journalist is denouncing New
_ York discos as havens ol‘ decadence and loneliness where
dancers snort cocaine in the bathrooms and “spend a whole
night shaking with the lights and dreaming of fame. success
and money.“ Ainerica‘s young people are stupified by these
distractions. a sort of “nirvana for lonely people who don‘t

want to have contact with anyone and who couldn‘t
anyway.“ Genrikh Borovic ofthe ofﬁcial Soviet news agency
'I'ass wrote in Monday‘s edition of Literary Gazette. He‘
claimed clever disco operators are exploiting the special
isound and light systems. the allure oftalentless movie stars
and an exclusive admissions policy in order to make a
fortune off the unsuspecting young. Discotheques are
|practically non-cxistant in the Soviet Union. Moscow's
'Iunderground disco. the Blue Bird, attracts young sons and
daughters from among the Soviet Union‘s government elite.
lhey enter at 5 p.m.. leave by to pm. and feast on goodies
such as cucumbers. tomatoes, fruit juices and other non-
alcoholic drinks.

Ray To Request a New Trial

MEMPHIS, TENN. (AP) James Earl Ray‘s lawyer says the
convicted assassin of Martin Luther King. Jr. is entitled to a
new trial under Tennessee law. and the lawyer will request
one in Criminal Court within the next two weeks. Lawyer-
author Mark Lane said in a speech .to Memphis State
University law students that he will rely on a section of the
I'cnnessce Code that requires a newtrial ifthc trialjudgc dies
before he disposes of the case. Judge W. Preston Battle. who
accepted Bay‘s guilty plea. died shortly after Ray was sent to
prison. Lane refused to get more speciﬁc about his motion
for a trial after he told the law students there were grounds to
grant the motion in Section l7-l I7 ofthe Tennessee Code.

Berkowitz Is a Quiet Patient

MARCY. N.Y. (AP) David Berkowitz iii a quiet patient iii
the state mental facility here. plays pingpong badly and has
put on some weight. according to published reports. The
Utica Daily Press. quoting state employees who asked not to
be identified. reported some details of the stay of the
convicted “Son of Sam" killcr at the Central New York
Psychiatric Center in this Utica suburb. Officials have
declined comment on their notorious patient. The facility's
director. Mnrtiii Von llolden. was not available for comment
yesterday because state offices were closed for the election.
“He‘s like a kid that sits in the brick of the classroom." one
employee was quoted as saying.

 

 

Gcks for Women’s Center

SUNYA‘s Center Ioi Women in (iovcrnment has been
awarded a grant of $75.000ns part ofthe State Supplemental
lludget adopted by the Legislature this fall. This is in
addition to a grant made by the Ford Foundation eiirlythis
year which acted as a funding base for the Center.

" llic main objectiic ol the Center.“ said Communication
Director Donna (icorgc. “is to work towards eliminating sex
discrimination in the public sector at an institutional level
using an institutional approach." The Center. which is under
the umbrella of the (iraduritc School of Public Affairs. has
been in existence since the beginning of this year. It takes no
iudnidual complaints. btit works with state agencies to
improic career opportunities Ior women employed by the
_\IIIIL‘.

the grant. according to George. is to be used for planning
and implementingii series ol career seminars in various cities
across the state. llierc will be it total of cight seminars in
si:\t:ll ClIICS in New York between the beginning of January
and the end oI March. I979. Seminars will be held in Albany.
\cw York City. Long Island. Btiffalo. Syracuse.
\Vcstchcster. arid UIICII.

During the course of each seminar. four workshops will be
held. Iopics will include improvement in verbal skills.carccr
planning. knowledge of civil rights laws. and al'ﬁrmitivc
action programs. A panel til successful local woriicn will be
present to discuss strategies of advancement in statejohs.

According to (icorge. "The seminars are geared toward
women. but the overall goal of the Center is to work with
organi/iitious." lhe seminars will be open onlytocmployccs
ot the state. Including SUNY employees and students.

Come And Get ’Em

Want to try somethingtlill’erent'! NYI’IRU internships in a
illllclyOiillcilSillUilVilllilth101SprlllgSClnCSlcl’Illld students
can usually arrange to get credit for them.

Openings are available Ior interns in the legislature tfull
and part-time). and in media work in the capital district.
Local govcrmiieul. science research. food co-op. iirid heitltli
cure internships are available outside of Albany.

 

— AI Barn

 

Fifteen spots are open in the legislature. Students are ex-
pected to Work 40 hours a week and are assigned one or two
bills to research and then monitor through the appropriate
legislative committees. lltey‘ll also work with Dlll s onsors
and try to garner support in the community. Fort c part
time legislative interns who‘ll work about ten hours a weekw
building local support for bills will be the prime job.

Students must track down credits on their own. according
to SUNYA NYPIRU co-chair Leslie Haber. by going to
specilic departments or an interdisciplinary committee.

llaber said that previous NYPIRG experience was helpful
but nor a prerequisite. "They're looking for younger people

Ircshmcn. sophomores. atid juniors r— they want to get
new people itito it.“
lo apply. write to the intern co-ordinator at One Colum-
bia Place. Albany mid include academic and extracurricular
information. More details are available at the NYI’IRG of-
licc oil the third Iloor ol the Campus Center.
— Jill Hither

Double Feature

Stop the presses! the film “ The Front Page“ will be shown
Ior tree at a meeting ofthe SUNYA Journalism Cltibtoniglit
at 8:00 pm. in the Humanities Lounge. This is the originiil
and Adolph Mcrjoii

I930's comedy starring Pat O‘Brien
about newspapcring in the Chicago of the roaring ‘20's.

All journalism students and interested members of the

SUNYA community are invited,

cht
documentary "I.l-’. Stone‘s Weekly“ will be shown at 9:45
a.m. lll III! 103. llic film. tiarrittcd by New York Times
columnist loin Wicker. traces Stone‘s career from his work
on the New York Post. The Nation. PM. through his weekly
newsletter which giiiiied a circulation of 70.000. to his
position as political writer for the New York Review of
Books. Visitors welcome.

Help Wanted

llic US Civil Service Commission is accepting
applicatiqu until Nov. 1-) Ior vacancies iii New York and
New Jersey tor the position ol Special Agent (Intelligence)
with the Internal ltevcuiic Service.

lhttrsdity. as part of it journalism class. the

'I‘hesc treasury enforcement agent positions pay “0.507%

and $13,014 to start. Applicants must have iit least three
years of accounting ttiid related business experience. College
study in the ﬁeld may be substituted.

A writtencxam will be held to test memory and powers oi
observation. vocabulary. arithmetic reasoning. spatial
perception. investigative aptitude and judgment.

Application forms are available at Federal Job
Information Centers. including the one at the U.S. Post
Office and Court llotisc in Albany.

 

students grabbed coplol of the New York Tlmes
yesterday. ending a hoartlolt 88 day absence of "All the
News That's Flt to Prlnt.“ (Photo: Roaniie KulakoII)

 

 

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

{Sangria news briefs

 

a

 

 

 

g

 

NOVIImnn 8. 1E;

     

 

 

 

  

1..

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

SASU Sets Gaels At Conference

by Charles Bell

SASU delegates met at SUNY
Buffalo last weekend to vote on the
organization's platform and goals
for the upcoming legislative session.

Among the priorities approved by
the SASU membership were state
funding of intercollegiate athletics.
I'Al’ increases. greater com-
mittments by SUNY ad-
ministrations to Affirmative Action
goals. and securing student voting
rights in their college communities.
according to SASU Executive Vice
President Ed Rothstein. '

Guest speakers at the weekend
conference included former Con-
gresswoman Bella Abzug and State
Senate Minority header l’crry
Duryea. Rothstein said that about
95 persons attended the conference,

65 of whom were ofﬁcial delegates.
The conference's response to
Duryea was “coldly polite" accor-
ding to Albany Student Union
member Bruce Cronin. “Duryea was
hit hard on a.lot ofissues. especially
his opposition to student voting
rights and his support of the death
penalty.“ Cronin said. Cronin added
that some members ofSASU‘s Third
World Caucus “walked out“ during
Duryea‘s talk as a result ofthe can-
didate‘s statements.
- Third World Caucus Coordinator
Jeff Collins said that the walkout by
some caucus members had been
planned in advance.

"Duryea claimed that the death
penalty would not effect minorities
as much as we thought."said Collins
in explaining the caucus members'

 

by Charles Bell

one 01 several "expert" analysis.

trends."

  

,.

mitorial I'
Duryea‘s defeat.

not good."

 

tag me.

 

Protesaor Johnpoll commented on the electlone on Tv.( Photo: UPS)

Poli Sci Prof Johnpoll In
Election Night TV Stint

“I‘m not it great pundit." explained SUNYA GSPA Professor Ber-
nard .lohnpoll. but ‘pundit-ing‘ was nevertheless his task when John-
poll appeared as a commentatorlast night on WAST-TV.chiinnel 13.

Johnpoll. a former newsnaperman. appeared on the CBS affiliate as

"I did this years ago." said Johnpoll in explaining his election night
moonlighting. “Basically we annlyvc the vote as it cotncs in and predict

With CBS predicting Uovcrnor Carey as the winner in the guber-
 .Iohupoll explained to area viewers the factors behind

"Capital punishment simply wasn‘t the issue. Most people couldn't
have cared less." .lohnpoll said cmpltiiticnlly.

" I hey really miss the point.“ Johnpoll continued. “Taxes and the
economy were the issues, mid Duryeii‘s record in those arcits wasjust

.lohnpoll said earlier that he suspects he was asked to appear on the
election night coverage because he is a friends ofWAST—TV newsman
Wilson Hall. with whom .lohupoll appeared last night.

.I )cclarcd the outspoken .lohupoll. “I think they were stupid for ask-

 

J

walkout.

We had previously planned that if
Duryea came out on the death penal-
ty issue we would walk out. Basically
everything that Duryea stands for
conflicts with the Caucus‘ ideas."

Rothstein said that Abzug ad-
dressed the conference on the need
for student involvement. Abzug ad-
vocated student activism in broader
social issues as well as educational
mics.

SUNYA SASU delegate Paul
l‘eldman said that he spoke to the
conference on current issues at
SUNYA and projects forthe future.

Feldman said that he referred to
the recent expansion of the Student
Association‘s Legal Service and the
establishment of the Planned
Parenthood branch clinic on cam-
pus.

" For the future. we're interested in
Buffalo‘s idea of having a ‘tcacher of
the year‘ award to get students more
involved inthe issues ofteachingnnd
advisement." said I‘ldman.

Rothstein said that the conference
also emphasized "the growing sup-
port for student unionization on
SUNY campuses.“

“Students are frustrated and are
getting sick and tired of paying high
tuition and not being heard." said
Rothstein. “Even more conservative
people are beginning to support un-
ionization as an effective method of
dealing with issues."

Cronin said that many students
are beginning to see that “ad-
ministrations are trying to turn back

 

The SABU omen In downtown Albany were vacant last Friday whlle
delegates attended I contoronce at Butlalo.. (Photo: Mike Ferrell)

the gains made by student groups"
and are therefore favoring student
unionization.

Rothstein said that the Weekend
conference was funded primarily by
Student Assembly. the non-lobbying
SUNY arm of SASU. The con-
ference. said Rothstein. was “a
relatively cheap one." with the cost
to SASU itself being “only a couple
of hundred dollars".

"Last year we spent five or six
thousand on conferences." Roths-
tein said. “but this year‘s total will
probably be only about a thousand.“

Rothstein said that all of the

SASU member campuses sent
delegates to the conference. but
some non-member SUNY schools
were represented as well.

According to SUNYA SASU
delegate David Gold. all six of the
SUNYA delegates attended the con-
I'crence.

In addition to SUNYA‘s three
elected delegates. Feldman. Gold,
and Mike Helchkop. there are three
delegates nominated by campus
women‘s and minority groups to
vote as members of SASU's Third
World and Women's Caucuses.

Budget Officer Speaks to Senate

by Pat Francomnno

Chief Budget Examiner. Paul’
Veillcttc. ofthe NYS Division ofthe
Budget. addressed an open Scnatc
meeting Monday. on the topic of
higher education financing in New
York State.

Vcillcttc related the topic ofﬁnan-
ciiig higher education to the enroll-
ment decline. the funding of private
versus public institutions. and the
controversy about the State‘s fun-
ding ol the CUNY System.

New York. he said is having trou-
ble maintaining a healthy ecoiiomic
bu. . "For the next few years it may
not be austerity but consolidation.
We will be looking at programs very
carefully. making priority
judgements. engaging in trade offs
and making tough decision.“

A factor which Veillctte siiid must
he considered in many of his offices
decisions if the 30 percent decline in
enrollment predicted for I980. These
declines. said Beillette. "will in-
timater affect the budgets of every
campus ol the State University

 

TV Funds Cover Game Expenses

by Jeff Kcuncll

SIJNYA will keep between $6.000
and $7.000 of the $9,000 received as a
rcstili of hosting last Saturday‘s
regionally Iclcviscd football game
between the Great Dunes and the
Ithaca Iloiiihcrs. according to head
loothiill coach Boh l‘tll'tl.

In addition to the $9000 revenue.
SUNYA will have to pay it small
percentage 01 the income to the
National Collegiate Athletic
Association (NCAA) and the
liiistcrn Collegiate Athletic
Conference (liCAC). I his will cover
negotiation Ices. Other expenses will
come lrom tlic Ithaca game: security
police. tickets and ticket takers.
scitllolding for the ASP and WCI )II,

NOVIIBER 8. 1978

land the rcrttiil fee for Blcecker
‘tiidium will all be paid for from the
television revenue. Ford listed a final
fxpensc us it $500 donation to the
Sienna club footbiill program.

“I honestly don't know how much
we'll have left over." siiid Ford.
regarding the fees. “I‘d guess we‘ll
have somewhere betwecrn $6000 and
$7000 left after everything is paid
off."

According to I’ortl. the $9000
television revenue is it standard
policy of AIIC m tclcvisiiig college
loot ball games. "ABC has a contract
\riI NCAA to broadcast tour Divi—
sion lll games a season." said l-‘ord.
“Under the contract the hosting

tcum receives $9000 iind the Visiting
team recicvcs some.

l‘ord predicts a stringent use for
ilic television revenue. “We hiid to
generate a $5000 savings to meet the
budget limit last year. I anticipate a
simialr budget line this year.so we'd
better save as much money as possi-
ble." l‘ord listed two priority needs
iii the upcomings athletic budget as
practice football jcrsyes and funding
Ior women‘s soccer. which acheived
cltib status this season.

the regional Iclcvison coverage
marked the first time any Albliny
Static sporting event has received
such exposure. 'I be game was shown
in only upstate locales. as well as
pails of Massachusetts.

System."

Veillctte called theories lessening
the projected decline characteristic
of “wishful thinkers“. Two such ex-
amples are the “Woman‘s Live
Effect". which states that the
decrease will be offset bythe number

_ ol women who have taken on the

role of the ‘part time student. and the
“sibling ell'ect" which brings into
play the cyclic variation of family
si/.c from gcncration to generation.
said Veillcttc.

Veillctte said that most of the
budget increases in recent years have
gone to university operations. This
lie said. “was signigicant because it
really doesn‘t add to the quality of
thc institution as a scholarly enter-
prose. "What new dollars that are
fort licoming have been amd
probably will be in the future used
proniarily to stand still."

Vcillctic went on to say that
another problem is over building the
SUNY System. which would in-
dicate turtioii rises.

The recent financial crisis.
Veillctte said has caused many ofthc
campuses. botli public and private.
to engage in what the CUNY System
has termed "Cannibalism". the
lighting for funds at the expense of
another institution.

To relieve this strain between the
two sectors. said Veillctte. the
Legislature inacted the TAP
program. which would allow
students to use money for wither
public or private institutions without
discriminating ugiiiiist either. But.
Veillctte.addcd. state tuition was still
lower. thus SUNY is itble to attract
more students for Iinitticiitlreasous.

He said that the private in»
siiiutions maintain that because
there is it ceiling on tuition
assistance. it may cover the majority
ol the public tuition while oiin a
Ii'nctiou of the privtitc's dis—
criminating against them.

Veillctte raid that the state should
have some control over private iii-

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS .

stitutional building. Veillctte gave
the example ofa down-state college
that was on the verge of bankruptcy,
asked the DOB to buy one ofits cam-
puses to relieve the pressure of
bankruptcy at great expense. In the
middle of the negotiation. said
Veillcttc. the college announced that
it was going to build a sports palace.
II the State has more say. said
Veillcttc. that situation would never
have arise.

In reference to the CUNY-SUNY
issue. Veillctte said that Governor
Carey is against any sort of merger.
One objection. said Veillctte. to such
a merger and the establishment ofa
‘super agency‘ is that it would create
many power struggles and might
tend to take man‘s capacity for

cummier on page four

Student Suicide

by M.J. Memmott

Raymond L. Wait. a junior
chemistry major at SUNYA com-
mitted suicide Monday night in front
of it residence at One Maiden Lane.
Stillwatcr in Saratoga County. Ac-
cording to a report in yesterday‘s
Saratogian. Wait dies of gunshot
wounds in the chest.

Wait resided on Charlton Road,
Scotitt.

Botli WRGB and the Saratogian
said they received their information

I r I) III the Sheriffs Department.
which is headquartered in Ballston
Spa. ~

Wait's course load at SUNYA in-
cluded courses iii computer science.
chemistry. physics. and math.

His father. Donald K. Wait. said
last night that his son had attended
Morrisvillc Community College for
two years before transferring to
SUNYA. the elder Wait also said
that his son was living at home
before his death.

Acting Sitratogit County Coroner
Frank .I. Kearney was unavailable
tor comment

I?» ~m

 

