, .HLW..WM¢~.~WW .._A__.........u.__ .

  

 

‘1   A Generation Ago

 

by Goo-oi Pep-mm going to school at night‘ so that his kid Icould

It begins with a ring of your bell, a knock on go to collegesome day. You tell your cell-mate
your dorm room door. or maybe a foot th'at_ you expect to be out in a few hours. ‘His
smashing through, wood "into your home. answering laugh puts a chill through your
Seven in the morning, and a cop is standing—' back. Your stomach grumbles. and you look
hand on his revolver near his ‘hip. “You‘re dowrijto where your watch is supposed to be.
under arrest. Let's go." Handcuﬁ's click on. "When's lunch “ There isn't any food at the
Pushed into the street. intoacai‘. TWo cops in city jail. "How long have you been in this

front. one on each side of you, the radio place " Three days, since Friday. “What's '

blaring. “Whatya want with me, ofﬁcer?" your lawyer say/I” He explains that he can't
“Shut up punk, you'll ﬁnd out soon enough.“ afford one; the guard told him yesterdaythat a
People stare into the car—you feel like a legal aid cat would see him soon. but that
spectacle. but not a criminal. They got the f uckin' dude doesn‘t do anything for you. it's
wrong guy. it'll be straightened out at the twelve noon already,andabunch of prisoners
station. Thecarhalts in frontofDivisionTwo. are brought into the cells from the court.
a square grey concrete and marble frontfor an Lunch time—for thejudge. “What's he like?”
old broken-down jailhouse. There are no “He‘s a real mother. got a heart of ice. But he
handles on the inside ofthecar door. The cop walks IWenty-two steps from his Cadillac
with the stripes on his sleeve says to another, every day to get to this building. someone
“Hurry up. stupid. Open up the door." Asthe oughtta kill the fucker.
ccnlcr 0f "16 group. You are rushed through You ﬁnd yourselfpacing back and forth and
the front door. down the hall and into an MGR “I‘d 90'1"“"8 me W315“ iakcs “3 walk
clevatpr and ﬁnally through an ofﬁce full of". from side to side. How may bricks in the Wall?
joking patrolmen and sour looking ofﬁcers. 0h luck. Shit. Goddam. Kick the fuckcn bars-
"Sitdown.""What'syournachnck's not yer no one bothers to look up. The court door
real name or is it John. Jack‘s on yer social OPCHS. and We guys are being brought back
security card huh? 0k." “Where do you live. in. They all got sentenced. Three years? 0 my
empty your pockets out. how tall are ya. the god. $1000 bail for driving without a license?
phone call can wait." The sergeant yells to The BUY 100'“ like he's SCVCMCCIL
hurry tip—court is starting soon. “Put your You're ﬁnally taken out ofthe cell. butinto
hands on the wall. spread your legs." Dothesc a smaller one. Alone. “Hey you in cell. got any
guys reallythink there'sagun up myass? Back cigarettes? Thanks man. This your ﬁrst time
to the elevator, and this time to the basement. in? You‘— get used to it after the ﬁrst week,
Your belongings are handed to a clerk. the beginning‘s usually the worst part.“ First
Pictures are taken. And ﬁngerprints. You week? 1 can't stay here a week 1'“ miss work.
wonder when you‘ll get to see a lawyer. or a The cat warns you to becool. He explainsthat
friend or your girlfriend. Into the elevator sometimes the guard will beat the daylights
once more. out into the grey~briclted hallway. out of you if you make trouble for him.
A door elecronically opens and another. and Especially if you're Black. or if ya have long
down a long ramp to another door past cells hair. or you don‘t speak good enough English.
fullof“real"criminals.Thebarsslide over.the or if you‘re one of those Commie
cuffs are taken off and the doorslams behind demonstrators. He says that most suspects
yé‘ﬁ. “Hey how about that phone...“ lilcguard don't even get to see thcjudge on the ﬁrst day.
is gone, The judge thinks that a night in the county
The cell is really small. A toilct_ a metal jailwill make“bctter citizens" out ofthcm. But
bench. Grey bars and grey walls. one guy is what really happens after a while is that you
laying on the bench.another is throwing upin become like an animal. a number.
the toilet. The third is pacing hack and forth.
After a few minutes you speak to him_ not beatings. rapes. and the constant fear that
because you wantto. but he's there andthere is you're next in line for someone else‘s
nothing else to do. “What are ya here for?" frustrations. you learn to he had. as bridasthe
“And you?" ha-ha. his friend got away. The Worst oi them.
man lying down put a knife into his woman Eventually. yotr get toAlhnny Police Court.
during an argument. and he's crying like a You stand in lrout of a large desk that's
baby, The guard won‘t let him callthc hospital protected on each side by high marble walls.
to see if she‘s gonna make it. He was cvcn Ihc shoulders and head ol’Judge Teppcdino

 

 

 

 

 

BUT roan pow
VCURE I'M l A
PERKIOG:

l
g. 3.5

TW/C/lt,’ V00 CAFE
ABOUT ‘(DUE

 

 

 

VAVW, l«DU
sass..- rr rt
SlBLE ,

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

vieprint ' '1

 

 

Bus Committee

To the Editor:

This letter will hopefully provide some
information to those students who are
dissatisﬁed with the present bus service. At
the present time the appointments to the bus
liaison committee are nearly complete.
Furthermore. a group of Central Council
members has already met with Chester
Thomas. the new Director of the Plant
Department and discussed various ways to
improve service. At the present time
improvements are being worked on. Any
input would be most appreciated. lfyou have
a complaint or would like to help improvethe
bus service please contact either Craig
Weinstock or Dave Gross at 457-6542.

Off-Campus Central Council Reps.
Craig Weinstock
Dave Gross

Athletic Funding

Golf was dropped from the 78-79 AFC budget
by following all proper budgetary lines of
authority. This statement was entirely correct.
but I Would like to point out. up untilthe point
of the veto. it was, in effect. reinstated by
following the same proper budgetary lines of
authority when money became available from
savings from the 77-78 Athletic Budget.

President Fcldman‘s second remark
addressed the fact that when spending funds
generated by student tax the most efﬁcient use
of these monies must be made. He alluded to
the $906 golf budget which was to serve the 7
people on the team at a per capita of $130.
Such a figure could readily be obtained for
practically any of our mens or womcns athletic
teams by a similar arithmetic process. The
figure does not. of course. include the many
students who try out for the team and are
not successful. The obvious reason for keeping
a squad of 7 is that college matches and/or
tournaments in our part of the country are
played with this number (or fewer)
participants.

Conceivably. as golf coach 1 could keep 20
players and grant them (by increasing my
budget) privileges to practice and play at our
home course and perhaps some day play for
the team. This. of course. is not realistic. but

With censorship of mail and books._

r-—-——s
FEIFFER‘

H

To the Editor:

program.

The initial comment by SA President
Fcldman relevant to his veto was that Varsity ~

would make the arithmetic process provide a

Sincel was not asked to speak at the Central suitable answer.
Council meeting ofSeptember 21.1 would like
to take this avenue as a means ofresponding to
the statements made by SA President Paul
Feldman concerning his decision to veto the
actions taken by Athletic Finance Committee
and Central Council reinstating the golf

Thirdly, Paul stated that you cannot
divorce the problem of golf from the other
pressing athletic considerations since all ofour
sports are feeling a budget crunch due to
inﬂation and the impact of women’s sports.
This is also very true. and, when asked to
speak at the CentralCouncil meeting of9/ 13.1
pointed out that my plea for the reinstatement
of the golf program had the full support ofthe

 

 

 

are visible. as he deals with your law-
yer. the bail bondsman and the clerks. You
feel as if you‘re invisible. The cops and bailiffs
are on the side arguing over the latest baseball
scores. The people who are interested in your
life. your family and friends. are separated
from you by a wall of bullet-proof glass.
Tcppidino. in a barely audible voice. rcadsthe
Cttst: against you. and before you know it. the
guards are taking you back into the jail.
Albany's jails are full of people who don't
belong there; they were never given their basic
rights. some never saw lawyers. some don‘t
have either trial dates or sentences. But the
urge to strike out for one‘s freedom is hard
because they have the police. they have prison
guards. I/tt'_|' seem to have all the power. The
psychological effect of this feeling of
impotence is a transference of hostility
inward. 'l'lu: urge to strike out at the keeper is

repressed. and the oppressed are forced to
fight each other instead of the real enemy. the
businessmen and crooked politicians that run
this country. And the courts are tools by
which the leaders of our country keep the
people down. The judicial system is not
impartial. Although the courts hide behind a
cloak of judicial impartiality. they are an
apparatus for the preservation of the status
quo  a society based on race. sex and class
exploitation. The cop and the judge wear
different uniforms. but they both serve the
system we seek to destroy.

It is important that we realize why people
get screwed in courts. and that the enemy is
not only the cops and the judge. but the
politicians that control them. Once we know
this. we can organire and fight these pigs. and
the system that is keeping them on top.
lt’tyirinlr'rlfrom Su't't'I/irt'. Nm'. 6, [970

 

 

 

 

 

our I we?
W FATHER!

A 6N8 LUN/ r0 /” '5
\T‘ MY spews. .  g
.43 g

E

‘ s

WWI/MW
/

RUTH, FOR out
1” YOUR l0'/2

YEARS ((00
[ti/LL HAVE T0

5?

HUHW Is
".8105, came!
/

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    
 

   

 

  
 

TICKETS: $6.75. 7.75 (All seats reserved)
AVAILABLE AT SIENNA aox orrrca (518) 783-2330
AND ALL ®nmm~ OUTLETS

 
 
 
 
   

     

_ . 'rrckm‘s:sa.7s_V1.55}  .,
AVAILABLE AT SIENNA BOX OFFICE (SIB) 783-2330] '
AND ALL ®nmmon OUTLETS

 
   

Coming October 13
THE DOOBI BROTHERS

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

. nurrnrm 11“ I .almrrrrtlro l...~i ‘ It;

AMERICA’S FRESHEST SOFTICE CREAM

ARVEL
 FREE

GET 1

.. 1.....5r- i... A. “n.1,...

EVERYDAY

‘k MONDA Y Fountain Items

* TUESDA v
s WEDNESDA v
i. THURSDA v
* FRIDA v
* SA TURDA v\
* SUNDA v /

Thinny- Thin Items

 

(I’rc-put'kt'tl) Novelty Items

 

Lo- Yo‘Frozen Yogurt Items

Pies -Logs - Dessert Cakes

 

A SpacIaI Design Cake

 

Please ask us about our Cake Club!

Please ask us about group or organlzatlonal orders!
Please ask us about our Destgn—A-Cake.

Let us custom Deslgn-A—Cake tor you!

We welcome large orders!

CARVEL Ice Cream Store

Carvel#il855

1321 Central Ave.
Colonic, New York
459-7226

 

 

