 

  

Fia’iSe’T the x Student Tax

by Dave Gold

This week. students will have the once-in-a-
lifetime opportunity to vote Whether to
increase the student activity fee. While voting
to pity more is not a pleasant experience and
certainly isn‘t as popular as Farah Fawcett-
Majors. it is absolutely necessaryinthis case.

The student tax is presently at the level of 66
dollars a year. It supports such things as
movies. concerts. speakers. quad boitrds.
OCA. academic groups, cultural groups.
Camp Dippikill. co-ops. the radio station.
newspapers. newsletters. NYPIRU. SASU,
legal services. yearbooks, Middle Earth. Five
Quad. intramural and intercollegiate athletics.
in all. there are over 70 groups and c .untlcss
services performed. l‘he student tax has also
funded such diverse things as beer on the
podium and the class ol'7li‘s Beneckc debt. But
our ability to adequately ftind these groups
and services is in serious danger.

Since I969. the student tax has increased
$2.50. (excluding NYPI RG which tvas l tinded
$4 per person iit l974(. Inflation has increased
47 per cent since I969. So. while costs hate
gone up 47 percent. the student tax has gone
up 4.8 per cent. 'l his dramatic gap has already
lorced us to make severe cutbacks. A countless
number of groups have had their budgets
slashed. We have been forced to re-exantine
the funding policies towards such things as
trips and stipends. it is really incredible to
think that we are working on a budget that is
almost 50 per cent less in rctil dollars than the
l969 budget.

Despite inflation. new services have
continued to develop and expand. I‘hcse
included the food co-op. the record eo-op an
i‘M ltadio Station. a full time oil-campus
coordinator. at full time lawyer and legal firm.
N Yl’lltti and SASU. We have expanded such
services as Camp Dippikill. increased funding

 

lzi/ilur‘s' Note: [lave (Io/i] i.\ (Ire I'l'iaitlciil til
Sluilt'nl Ari-ili'irilr'mt.

for the quads. late night buses, newspapers.
etc. We also hope to have funding for future
projects. such as the student credit union.
cable TV on campus. and a jeans co—op. But
without an increase in the student tux. we
could not even maintain the present level of
services. let alone expand them.

Rising costs have also had it crippling effect
on our ability to maintain an intercollegiate
athletic program. Since I969. per-student
funding for athletics has actually decreased.
Last year. six athletic teams were eliminated.
This year. the proposed athletic btidgct hits a
530.000 deficit (which is the combirted cost of
the baseball. football. and basketball teams.)

Without an increase in the student tax. we ~
Would be forced to eliminate and cutback our
athletic teams even more.

Central Council has the authority to raise
the student tax without a referendum.
However. with all the new additional fees bill.
it is important that any increase be approved
by the students democratically. Mayhc from
now on. before enacting a health fcc. they will
ptrt it to a rclcrendum.

At present. Alhaiiy State has the lowest
student tax in the state. l:very other SUNY
school. excluding SUNY at litrltato. is at the
70 dollar level.

it we fail to approve this proposal. there will
be serious problems. We are faced with
massive cutbacks. the first proposed deficit
budget. a 330.000 gap in the Athletic btrdget.
and continued cost increases. lhc student tax
has been kept at an artiticitilly low level for as
long as we possibly could. By keeping it at (in
dollars for any longer. tvc will only he
sacrificing the long territ tuttirc ol extra
curricular activities on campus.

No one likes to vote to pay irtorc money.
even $2 a semester. However. when It is
necessary. it must be done. We believe that at
this time it is absolutely necessary. Please
tvclgli the alternatives and participate iii the
referendum. today. tommorrots arid
l'hursdriy.

 

 

I'M NOT HOUR
LE‘AVER .

006 AW

0-" iii!

‘5“th
\

 

 

 

lett rs w .

 

deliver

To the Editor:

This is in regard to the letter by Anne
Anderson concerning the State Quad Mail
Clerks. We feel that she grossly exaggerated
the situation and we feel it few thingsshould be
cleared up. We. as students. have the same
vacations as the rest of the students here.
During vacations mail does not cease to‘come
to the Quad. therefore there is always an
overabundance afterwards. Because ofthis. it
takes a few days to catch up with everything.

We have set mail hoirrs every day. except
Sunday (at which time we clean tip the mail
room.) On Wednesday nights. the mail is done
after dinner. due to our conllicting schedules.
The daily mail is completed whether or not we
have to stay longer than these scheduled
boars. (Wliiclt we often ltave to do.)

It is impossible for any student to get their
mail the moment it arrives. l'hc mail is
separated and sorted into 700 boxes to
accomodate the l2iib students on State Quad.
This is a time-consuming process for the three
of us.

We feel if Anne had any complaints she
should have conic directly to us toclear tipany
misunderstanding.

Katheryn l.. McColley
Melissa A. Rubin
t:.|ise l'oubitie

rotating
advisors

To the Editor:

lt,is now that time ofyear when the students
of this University are required to go through
the process of academic ad' iseinent iind
prercgistration. it seems as thougir this
process contains new adventures and
disappointments each semester.

lam now in my third year at this University
and have had a different advisor each year. Yet
each of my former advisors is still employed at
this University. 1 have been passed from
advisor to advisor like an object. not as a
student. in each case. l was not informed that
the change was being made. but was left to

 

FEIFFER

discover this on my own. Additionally. none

of my former mentors was able to identify my
new advisor.

Each year. l have made repeated attemptsto
get to know my advisor. for it' one cannuriuin
to him/her during times of academic stress.
then who else is there'! My efforts have been
met with empty stares. locked doors during
office hours. and replies such as "I‘m too busy
now.“ For me then. the advisement system
here at SUNYA has become a Jiiyless.
inconsequential. waste of In) flute and the
time of my advisor.

l have often heard faculty incmhcrt troiider
aloud why student attendant-i in mini-oi their
classes tends to be low. l‘lltlllt'ltlltilt'. lltt:\
cannot seem to understand \\ll_\ \llltlt‘lllslittllt
great motivation and Cnlllllhlilsltt lltc callous
treatment that l. and many or rn‘. [lt‘t‘l\. tinn-
received at the hands ot the lilttlllt |\ nin-
possible explanation. (‘oltcgi- pritlcssory
deserve the esteem artd respect that gin-t \trth
their role as upper le\el ctllli..tlitt\, lllt'
questions to be answered. then. I\ ulrctltei
their status gives them the right to ht-
iiiscnsitive to student ttcctl\. il\ ls i'llt'll the
case.

ltolttit li.inl.cl

commuter
parking

To the Editor:

We are writing in
lormulation ol special parking .tlt.|\ \\llll|ll
lllL' prcscrit facilities. As L'tlllllltltltls \\L' are
laced with the daily struggle In Illlll .tll opcrt
spot within a too do) “tillt or lllt‘ podium
liacli morning tvc must drrtt- hr the lottror
live faculty aisles an then L'llltl rtrmr ltllh
designated for students.

Unlortunatety liotterei
dominated by quad fCSILlL'llts. \\llit ttltIH‘lllL'll
etirs only 0n\VCCl\'Clld.\illldtilllt‘l\\t\t‘tlillllllllt:
prirttc student spaces. So oit \\L‘ tll ttt' until rte
finally find a spot. and call .i tnh tor .r lrtt tn
class. Some of its often atoril lllt lt.r\\|i: h)
parking in the faculty lots or on lllt poiliuin.
for which we pay dtttrly.

Wlty can't the UllchrSll) tlL‘\LL'll-|lt' .r it“
rtearby aisles for commuters‘ Siiitt \\t' tell on
our cars tttorc tltaii residents. tic \llt‘llltl hate
parking priorities. lhcy could ctr-ii i-xii-niltlrc
teachers lot to include a ten llltltt' ions to
serve botlt commuters and Iaerrltt

supp-vii tor the

lltt’st' illl'

 

W

 

 

 

 

16% £5, ﬁgﬁr

5H5

 

 

 

 

 

. comment

 

5 his might even help to eliminate some of
icebergs inhabiting the parking areas in
ter. Since these areas would serve only
ulty rind commuters they should be clear
ry evening. thus allowing maintenance to

w them if necessary.

V.J. Fanzo
Ed Clancy

tenure
participation

“it the Editor:

 We would like to correct a factual error

7 lricli appeared iii the ASPeditoritrl of March
it At oitc point in the editorial it was stated
jut "currently. there is no strident
iirticrpation oit tenure decisions at this
nitersity.“ lhis is simply not the case.
Although it varies considerably. there is
DlllL‘ student participation in tenure
.aluatrori at both the departrttcrttal and
allege levels. Some college arid departmental
iiurc review committees includc student
embers. while otltcrs do not. In addition.
ere is student participation at the lllll\t.‘l'sll)
tel. Currently two students are members ol
e ltniversity Senate Council on Promotion
tut ("ontinuing Appointment tt'.l’.L'.A).
hrcli makes thc final review 01 tcittirc cases
clore they are passed to the l’rcsrdciit. Iltcr'c
re presently l0 \otmg members on the
ouncil. tmd tlitts students ltatc 20‘. ol the
oinicrl \otc.

\\'e tully agree that there should be more
tident participation at all levels oi the tenure
\rett process. However to state that there is
lll‘t‘L'Itll) no student participation on tcrttirc
ccrsions simply ritisinlorrtts tltc University
i orrrmunrty. More importantly. such a
atcnicrrt r'cinlorces a hclicl popular among
errant lacttlty and administrators that
trilcnts are not worthy of greater
'trtrcipntron in University decision-making
roccsscs. since they fail to take the time and
tort to understand those processes in tire first
lticc.

Mrkc Mastanduiio
.lerr) Macllonald

student
showplace

lo the Editor:

Perhaps your readers know ol. or may c\cn
uvc visited the litvitational Student Shoo
rkrng place in the SllNY (iallcry. lite) may
or know sortie ol tltc stories going on behind
he scenes.

Iraditionally at the crtd ol the school year.
tcrc is art exhibition ol cxaniplcs ol sttttlcnt
oil. that have been completed throughout
‘0 lL‘tlI‘ by students of the llmtcrsit). lltc
‘orlis to be included in the exhibition can be
elected iit many ways. I he (iallery can short
‘lttttctct' works the students submit or they
an ultrttlc down the number of pieces ill
trany \tttys. lhey coirld select a person or
“’“P “1 persons to jury the show or. as the
irillcry chose to do this year. citit have the
Will ask their tuvorite students to submit
ort belorc the rest at the students calclt tip
It tthrit is happening. It turns otrt that thc
udents chosen to exhibit works were almost
.icltisrtely graduate students. lltrs upset
“ally undergraduates as you may expect.
my net c particularly distressed because each
iadltltli.‘ student in the Art Department has
"New “Price allocated to them for their works
. nti'Masterx Thesis show before they receive
ctr graduate degree. while ritost
“defttruduiites' work never sees the inside of
he (iallcry. To see what is happening in “"3
" Department on itii undergraduate level ll
arson must actually be in ii class. An

1

overview of what is being done in the various
classes is nearly impossible.

Many SUNY art students. graduate and
undergraduate alike. felt upset and left out
enough by the invitational show to organize
their otvn independent exhibition to present
their work. These students were graciously
offered the use of the classroom next to the
(iallcry. l'orone day. forthclrexhibitiott. l'hey
intend to show a single piece by any SUNY
student that wants to submit his or ltcr work.

Last year. over 300 works \verc submitted to
the (iallcry fortlic student show. Whyis ittltat
only half the Gallery. not enough room for 50
pieces. has been reserved this year‘I’l‘hisseems
cten more outrageous considering some ol the
shorts that ltatc been takirtg tip precious
gallery space throughout the year.

\\ ltosc gallery is this that cannot Iiird space
for the work of the University's own students?
Who is this years‘ student exhibition for‘.’ This.
scc‘llts ritirclt like the example ol little league
being played [or the parents. lltis invitational
sliotr is [or tltc gradrlictrtioii ol the St Ni Art
Department lttL‘ltll) instead of an open
\lttt\\[1lttL'L' for “half is really going on in the
classrooms

.liimcs l littllltt\\tt)

super
news

To the Editor:

lltc Zodiac News has latlcrt fora hoax.
Zodiac asserted last l‘t'ltltl)’ that Superman has
liiral|_t married tltc erstwhile Lois Lttric.
Wrong! As far as the comic book world is
concerned. the two ol them aren't even living
together. in fuel. sources close to l).(‘. Comics
c\pect Lots to be chasing after Superman‘s
stronger than steel ass for a lortg tiiitc to come.

llie Zodiac‘s comic book bureau was
obtrously rtiisrntcrpetcd the April issue ol
Action Comics. an accomplishrticnt that the
rust rtttirority of humanity is incapable of
duplicating. As the lirsl page of the story
indicated. the story was not a “rcal"Supcrmnn
story. llie comic book cover that depicted
Lois as the bride of Superman was ritercty a
gimmick to sell comic books.

As alrcrortados of comic books know. tltcre
are two separate liarths existing in l).L'.
('ormcs. lltesc liar'ths are appropriately titled
l'arth l arid Earth ||. so as not to confuse
anyone (except for the Zodiac News). Our
Superman's Earth is Earth I, 'lhc story was
about the wedding of Earth ll's Superman. an
event which took place many moons ago on
l5artlt ll. l'hus.us Mark'l wainsaidjuSt before
lte croaked. the reports of Superman‘s
marriage are highly cxagcrated.

Robert Mitchell

buddhist
appreciation

To the Editor:

In the Marclt 3| issue ol the ASP. Mr.
Daniel Peterson wrote about his experiences
iit the Rome Cltoling. a liuddhist Meditation
Center Ill the state of Vermont, He states that
the ptrrposc of the Center is to provide “an
opportunity for Americans to tread the
Middle Way.“ A very noble purpose. indeed.

May I point out that ofthe eight principles
on which the Buddhist Middle Way is bitsed
are “right thought“ and “right speech.“ liven
an uninitiated Buddhist would trot dare to
think or write. “lf sortie cranky boss iii the
kitchen comes around and is a pain in the
riss. . . ." Since Mr. Peterson is going to get
academic credit for staying at the Karma
Choling. I think his advisors may keep this
fact in mind while they evaluated his skill "for
acquiring a rich understanding of Asian
modes of perception.“

Mukhtar Ahmad Chuudhury

 

.J

Withdrawal Effects “* ~ 

There is a good chance that there will beno action taken this semest‘ér
by the University Senate on SUNYA’s withdrawal policy.’The reason:
one committee of a Council of Senate hasn't gathered enough faculty
opinion in time for a policy to move through bureaucratic channels to
the Senate ﬂoor. ‘ ' _ ‘ ~ '. 

Student opinion has been gathered in a Student Association survey,

and it is overwhelmingly in favor of dropping “W” from the
transcript. even if it means a rolling back of the withdrawal period for
several weeks. It has been proven that the “W” is a negative mark on a
student‘s transcript — a definite handicap when the student applies for
graduate school or a job after attending SUNYA.

Research of this topic and SUNYA's policy in relation to other

schools supports this statement. Here are the facts:

0 Representatives of Graduate Schools have said that the “W” is a
negative mark. that more SU NYA students would be accepted to those
schools if the “W” was withdrawn from the transcripts. These
representatives have also said that they don’t look into the withdrawal
policies of the universities before making admission decisions.

0 SU N YA's policy includes a “W”, while policies at most ivy schools do
not, although their withdrawal period is a bit shorter.

0 When a student withdraws from a course, he/she does not receive any
credits and still gets a "W" on the transcript.

0 According to the SA survey, about 64 per cent of SUNYA students
said that they ltave withdrawn from at least one course. When taken into
consideration that there are a number of students who have yet to
withdraw from a course, but willduringtheirtime here,this figure could
be higher.

there are a few additional facts which also can be considered:

0 One of the m ‘asuring sticks of a university is the number of students
accepted to graduate schools.

0 Withdrawing the “W” from the transcripts would make that number
higher. and perhaps boost the prestige of this place.
0 After the past few years. the one thing SUNYA needs is a boost in
prestige.

Something should be worked out to ensure that the issue comes before
the University Senate this semester. There has been ample time to gather
input from all segments of the university.

’l‘ltos ‘ are the facts. The “W” does not serve the student and it does not
serve the university. 'l'lte faster the “W” becomes past SUN YA history,
the better it will be for all involved.

 

A

Titoms MAIHLLO. Miior-in-Cliief

JuNlttttAN Howls, Managan Editor

Nrws cotton . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . , . . .
Aswan: nzws roiro

MATTHEW Cox
 JrLL HABER. AiioN SMrrit
. szch ZAClIAIY. DtiNNis SCllEYElt
Smns toiron . . . . . . Rica StiLtosou
- - ~ ~ t ~ - ~ . - v . - r - - t - PAUL Sctthnz
EoimnixL noes EDITOI . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..Jon Lsrxvem

s‘rxrr WIITIIS: Steve Bruekctt. Mike Fried. Ken Krirtl. Denise Lenci. M.J. Memmott. Jerry

Mikorendu. Peter Nadcl. Mike l’eiirlmrin. J. M. Reilly, Paul Schwartl. Stu Vincent APMANAGIIEt

Ellen Mttrsden. Jesse Scherer 100]“: le5: Laurie (ilaser ruvrtw MCI: Helene Tanner news
ASSISTANT: Liturtt Schraub MOIGUE: Sandy Robinson

Srmu "AGGIO. hotness Czar

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Bitth CAIIILL

onrlrismt; MANMEIR . . . ..
Tlil TIIOIMAN

BustNtss MANMMI . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..WAL
BILLING DIIAITMEN'I , . .. CAROL Cornrss. Danny YELIN
PAVIOLL MANAGER . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ....ELI.eN FrNir

SALES rusonmu Mike Ardun. Richie Mermclstern CLASSIFIED ADVIITISING: David Phillips.
Steve Mauer COMPOSITION: Pat McGlynn. Amy Sours AD COMPOSITION: Irene Firmat. Evan
Fortinsky. Kelly Kitu. Debby Kopf. Liz Kwasnik. Stephanie Sherman

JIANNI’. Jltv. Production Manager
MrciiuL (tiLtms. Arsiiiani Production Manager

lino Tvrisr . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..Joov WiLNuii
GIAIIIIC COOIDINATOI . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . Ricxsna mum
VII'I'ICAL (‘mru . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. vaii KAPLOW. Jerri thVl'l‘ItN

rAsrr-ur: Lorraine Dil‘erro. Rich l’iulzn. Jiimie Rothman. Laurie Studwell. Lin Wesley
rvrtsrs: Mark bullhuriird. Clara Kuebler. Laurie Leilto. Loraine Libertore. Denile Matonr
Diane Morrison. Diana Oruci. Amy Phillips. Adela Stelur. Bev Tobin
ESTABLISHED I’ll
The Albany Sim/em I‘m: is published every Tlimla y and Filan durlngtlie .rclioalyciir by the
Albany Student hm Corporation. an Independent not-far-pro I organization. Editorial
pulley is determined by the Editor-lh-Chiceﬁ and is subject to rev w by the Miami lard.
Malling address: Albany Student hm. C 329. I400 Washington Ave. Albany. Nl’l2222

 

 

limb or Dillcmu I
STttl’lllN DerAaitltISrlncti RM‘JOIMDANIIL GAiNia

 

 

 

g

 

 

