 

-..m.v..._nmtrr:mmu _

._ mil—4...”... — 

 

 

Dollar Rescue Plan in Doubt

LONDON (AP) Nervoumess hit world foreign currency
exchanges yesterday despite solid new gains for the dollar as
international money experts studied the import of President
Carter‘s plan t6 lift the sagging currency and his country's
economic prestige. Gold prices again fell sharply. Thcdollar
started the day by adding to Wednesday‘s gains which came
after the United States announced its $30 billion plan. But
following a chaotic opening, marketsgrew nrcvous and some
dealers had second thoughts about the dollar rescue plan.
One good piece of news came from the Middle East where
diplomatsfrom Arab‘oil states greeted Carter‘s measures as it
sign the United States wants to cooperate with. rather than
confront. the oil exporters. Some analysts said it might
minimize or forestall the expected oil price increase by the
Organization of Petroleun Exporting Countries.

Vietnam on the Defensive

BANGKOKJ‘HAILAND (AP) Vietnam said its forces
repulsed two separate attacks by hundreds obeinese troops
who crossed into Northern Vietnam and killed or
wounded many Vietnamese soldiers. A Voice of Vietnam
broadcast from Hanoi said thousands of Chinese
reinforcements were dispatched to the border on the Chinese
side. It described the situation as "critical" and said the
foreign Ministry condemned the alleged border violationsus
"criminal acts.“ Western sources in Bangkok said
tension iilong the frontier has mounted in recent weeks. bttt
speculated that a full-scale conflict wits unlikely. They also
noted that official Chinese media has not reported rnttcli on
tltc border situatiotr. 'I'hc quarrel was sparked earlier this
year by Chinese accusations that Vietnam was mistrcating its
ctltriic Chinese population. the situation worsened as abotit
lott.000 of the Chinese made their way to Cltina. Beneath
tltis. most analysts sce China's anger at Vietnam's close ties to
the Soviet Union and Vietnam's ongoing border war with
Cambodia. a Chinese ally.

Air Attack Hits Zambia

‘I.USAKA. :LAMBIA (AP) Rhodesian warplanes defiantly
\tgnortng British efforts to build up Zitmbia's air defenses

 

 

 

(  World news briefsj

 

staged ’a lightning bombing run yesterday on it black
nationalist position outside this capital city. reportedly
inflicting at least |00casualties. The Rhodesian military said
the target was a black Rhodesian guerrilla camp. The
Zambian government contended it was a refugee children‘s
camp. but at itst one independent source disputed this. It Wits
the Rhodesians' first cross-border strike into Zambia since
airborne raiders attacked a doien black guerrilla camps two
weeks ago. killing it reported l.500 insurgents. Since then
Britain lttts airlifted batteries to Zambia. a fromcr colony. iii
an obvious effort to ward off further Rhodesian air attacks.
l’hc Carter administration quickly denounced the cross«
borders ally. as it did after the Oct. I9-2l raids. In
Washington. State Department spokesman Kenneth Brown
called the latest attack a "l iirtlter unwarantcdand deplorable
escalation of the Rhodesian war."

Israeli Leader Pleased

 

NEW YORK (AP) President Carter and Israeli Prime
Minister Mcrtacltcrir Begin embraced at the steps of it
luxurious East Side townhouse yesterday afternoon in a
hastily arranged get-together. Begin showed up outside the guilty to a reduced charge of coercion. Gov. Ilugli ('arcy.
townhouse of Arthur Krirn. it top Democratic fundraiser
whom Carter and New York (lov. Iluglr Carey were visiting.

the President and (iovcrnor crime out just before Begin

arrived. Sccrctitrtyol'State Cyrus Vance was with Begin. The criminal to commit another crime." The coittrncrcirih
two men had been meeting in Begin‘s suite at the Regency ctiiitaiit
Hotel. which was where Vancccxtcndcd an invitation totlic accottipattyiitg photo of Davis.

Israeli leader to incct the President. Bcfin exclitirncd. “Mr.

President!" as Itc allt from his car and told Carter that “we've

IlllltIt.‘ real progress" toward peace in the Middle liast. “I
think we‘ll have peace irt tltc Middle

 

«\nwitr Sadat of ligypt.

Russia Breaks Flight Record

MOSCOW (AP) (.‘osntonauts Vladimir Kovalcnok and
Alexander lvitttchcnkov parachutcd onto the steps of
Siiiict Central Asia yesterday ending the longest space flight
Ill history I39 days. I4 hours and 49 minutes. the 'I‘ Is
news agency reported. l'hc new endurance record surpt scs
the earlier Soviet-thd record of 96 days. set March to. The
longest American space Iligltt. which had stood as a record

 

 

hast soon. thanks to two
grcitt nicn." Carter said. referring to Begin ttnd President

  
 

a

for four years. was 84 days. set in early I974 by itstronamS
(icrald Carr. Edward Gibson and Willian I’oguc aboard
Skylab 4. A television announcer said "the men {ch
excellent“ after their soft-landing. Ile said they were ferried
by helicopter to the Baikonur Space Center. Kovalcnok. 3i.
arid Ivaneltenkov. who celebrated his 38th birtltdaydurinjg
the flight. were launched June I5 aboard the Soyu/ 29 rocket
and spent their time in space aboard the orbiting Sttlyuii,
space laboratory. They returned to eiirtb on tltc Soyuz 3|
capsule. brought into space by another pairol cosmonauts,

NEW YORK (AP) Republican Perry Duryea cannot be
barred from using a photograph of an actual convict in hit
gubernatorial television advertisements, it judge ruled
ycstcrday. Cleveland “Jomo” Davis had tried to bar the ads
on grounds they were an "exploitation" that cotild lturl his
chance for it fair trial on charges be murdered two Brooklyn
police officers last April. Davis was one ofthe leaders ofthe
l97l Attica prison riot in which 43 inmates were killed when
police recaptured the facility. He was charged wrtlt
murdering another prisoner during the riot. but later plcadcd

Durycu's Democratic opponent. pardoned Davis in I976,ng
months after his release on parole. Duryea has ttttitckcdiltc
pardon in his lV ads. saying he would “never tttvitc it.

Duryea‘s voice. a newspaper article and (Ill

Funds Found for Program

ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) A controversy which left about 2.701)
of tlic state's elderly and young without their State Iubor
Department funded jobs may have been resulted here
yesterday. Comptroller Arthur lscvitt‘s office said it cxpcctcd
to release. possibly today. disputed job prograrti fitntlstltttt it
from Oct. 20. The announcement came shortly after I.c\‘ill's
office was informed of a letter from the state's Industrial
Commissioner I’hilip Ross and acting state Budget Director
Howard Miller saying the use of the funds contplicd with
state law. Waller Holmes. a spokesman for l.cviti. sitttf tltc
funds would “probably be released" after the cornpitttllct‘x

 

 

office had had art opportunity to look over tltc list of
programs to be funded.

 

 

Co-op Head Shop Fouled Up?

lltc SA Record Co~op will not be selling head shop items
when it opens litter this month. according to llcitdshop Co-
ordinator Mark (ioldsmith.

the co-op began selling bongs. pipes. and papers on a
limited basis at tltc beginning of last semester. The response
was cxcellcrtt. and the co—op planned to continue this
semester. alloting it $200 of its budget.

However. recently Associate Dean of Student Affairs
Charles Fisher scnt tltc co-opii lcttcr requestingthat tltcy not
sell anything bttt records.'ttipcs. and related items withotit
university permission.
“they didn't say no
said Goldsmith. “We wrote tltcrn a letter [risking for
permission] which contained what we considered to be valid
reasons for the hcadshop."

Acting Director of University Activities Jim l.)oellcfeld
will receive the letter in the near future.

— Wayne W. Bunting

Helping Out a Cause

(iive a little.

.litst about it pint.

' The brothers of Sigma Tau Beta are urging members oftlte
SUNYA community to donate blood. Thursday. Nov. 9. in
the Campus Center Ballroom.

I
I

 

Center Cafeteria staircase frotn l0:00 Lt.m. to4:00 p.ni. Monday

Sign up sheets will be posted at the top ofthe Campus

tltrotiglt Wednesday of next week. Allow about art ltotir for

 

the donation and remember that refreshments will be served.

unit..." A Question of Aesthetics

ltc ticrtt on to say that Corning‘

war criminal. and claimed that Corning

block Hind out.

his chances are better in tltc gc

 

 

st presentation on science in China will be
held ztt 4:45 in Lecture Center 14. aftera coffee get-together.
A second opportunity to meet the scientists will be at a
gathering Ill tltc humanities lounge at 8:30 pm.

for tltosc who are a bit more technically minded. Shilt
f'rttig-Ilsian will give a lecture titled "Investigation of m-
RNA Mediated Changes in Goldfish." at l230 pm in LC I4
and hcrcollcague l.u 'l'e~Ytt will speakon“'l‘ransluntation of
Nuclei itt fish“ at 3:00 ptri.

llic biology. chemistry. and Chinese studies departments
.trc sponsoring the scientists in their first publicaddress in this
country. l’hc two woincn are currently doing research at
Icmplc University.
-.lill llabcr

they asked us to ask permission."    ill  

. lighting art itphill battle against iricitmbent Congressman
Sam Stratton is no easy task. bttt challenger Rick Ilirtd is
giving it one hell of a go.

lltnd brought his campaigrt to LC 2! last Monday night in
.ttt tl;fl)l'ltttlI discussion sponsored by NYPIRG. during which
[Itcf'lvyt‘ltl‘ old liberal rtiadc clear his stances and views
( alltrtg Albany Mayor liritstus Corrting “a corrtipt mart “
‘ ‘was indirectly rcsponsiblc
or trinity deaths trt fires dttc to housing violations." and that
re was one of tltc Inst of tire political bosses
liirrtittg his atttt to Strittton. llind called him a hawk rind it
and Striitton were
two Democrats were trying to

very close.“ and that tltc

lftrid lost to Strtitton in tltc Democratic primary. biit feels
neral clectiort.
— Jay (llssen

Quite a lcw biology professors do not like the location of

No one in the biology department was notified that the}
sculpture would be placed there. according to Kelly IIlt‘
piece has been in the north end of the garden since Oct. 5.

A committee comprised of Art Department Chair
Richard Citllner. (iallcry Director Nancy Liddlc. Assistant
Director Markio liasulo.and five tenured members ofthe rtrt
faculty accepted a one and une—halfyear display arrangcmcttl
from Stankicwct arid chose the placement ofthe sculpture
U Because the piece is almost ten feet by ten feet and itcighs
five ions. the podium areas with its tunnel undcrstiitcturc
could not support the weight of the artwork. according to
fiddle.

lltc Plant Administration recommended tltc cttttcitt
location because it was the only possible location which
could support the weight of the statue. said LiddIL'.

— Enos Williams

 
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 

 

 

 
 

tltc Richard Strinkicwicr sculpture in the
tltc Biology building. according to

Mm the Far East
Richard Kelly.

garden area itcxt to -
Biology professor

  

 

. Vlworcknowiicd biologists from the Niitional Acrtdemy of KUII)’ believes tltc artwork
iSc(i1i.-iiccsin Peking. China will dclivcrpublictrtlks rttSUNYA beam“ he 5W“
it ay.

. u docs ttot bclortg wltcrc it is ‘ .'  . H in ~
V ‘ . It is'man—madc. excessive
mctpowcrs the natural beauty of tltc garden

  
 

W “"80 ﬂnd The location of lhll sculpture has caused sttrrlnaﬂ
wltbln the biology department. (Photo: Sam Terll”)

____( sully}! news briefs
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS NOVIHBER 3. 1978

  
 

PAGE TWO

 

 

   

 

 

  

.1

Student lam Into buses during mornlng and avenlng rush hours. Two
new dlesel buses should be In service soon. (Photo: Sam Terllll)

by Rlchnrd Behlr

Two new diesel buses have been
purchased by SUNYA to help han-
dle the large load of students travel-
ing daily from downtown Albany to
tltc uptown campus. according to
Plant Superintendent Ira DeVoe.
llte new buses, which are 40 feet
long and capable of carrying 92
passengers each. will be available by
late December and used especially
dtiririg morning peak hours.

“ l'hc buses." said DcVoc.“will not
only carry more students and more
cotiil'ortiibly. they will also cut down
oit fuel and parts expenses.“

Complaints Raised
Since tltc beginning of tltc
scmcstcr. students have been
pl'tHllCIy and publicl raising their
complaints about o\crcrowdcd and
delayed buses. lltc Student Associa-

 

Prof Seeks Second Senate Term

by Jeff KL'IIIM'II

SUNYA Business |.tt\t [tlttlcssiil
lltigh I‘lllIt')’ is rttitttttig lot rc-
clccttott its State Senator lrotrt tltc
-IAIth District.

l:itIc_\ is running again bccttusc
“I cti|ti_\‘ctl tltc Scrtrilc. it's good.
meaningful work l lch |'\c
rtccotttpltshcd tltittgs and want to
tilt itttiic. I'\c bccn riatincd for tltc
job. bctrtg a lrtityct."

I'ltlIL'\. ti Rcoiibltrtttt. can count

support to the
Republican Jilth
Republican

on strong part)
ltlL‘tItlllllltitlllI)
District. \\lIIl its _‘»I
leltttIIl) o\cr tltc llctttocittts. the
44th District titclttdcs Schcttcctnd).
Montgomery. I'tlIlUll. llritttilton
cotttrttcs and :t part of Sitralogzt
county.

I':it'|c_\ IIltllk\ his chances against
Dcrtittctrtt l)i. I’lt'tI |srtb:lln. “Iliilll
It: ttttsctttctl llt I‘l'ltt. rtic crthttnccd
b) Illp‘lltL'lllllilltllC)’. “I thittk :trt)
trictitnhrtiit hits bcttct chuttccs . . I
Illl\L' it good record bccttttsc l‘\c
\Htl'hL’tI IlllltI :tt tltc job. I Iiu\c a
large District. the st/c of Delaware
and thoilc Island combined. ltlltI I
tlttttk I'\c covered it well. I've had it
high Visibility."

"IitlﬁlL‘ttIh l‘ic \otcd tltc views of
my constituents." said I‘llt'IL'y. “I'm
in Iritot' of it limited death pcrrr Ity."

ottc that would pcrtuttt to “tltc

by Pat lr‘rancomano

Monday.

 

L is “credibility and expertise."

killing of
guards. and \It'ltllh titurdcrs." lic
c\plrtittcd. "I fch lIllll economy and
jobs rttc ti scttotis problem [II this
state. he must restrict or clip the
real property ttt\." ltc sittd.

\‘thcti spctiktng of tltc gotcittor‘i
tttcc bcioccit chtthltctiii t'ltttllcrtgct
l)crrtoct:tftc
| tIIIL')

policc olltccrs. prison

I’ct I)
lllt’tllllItlllll

I)lll)Ctl. .ittd
lItiirlt tort-y.
[llL'tIlL'ls it closc titttslt. "I think
tltcy'tc both talking rtbttitt tltc sitiitc
ptoblctits. httt I tend to IiI\lIl Mi.
Durycrt. tit tltc risk of being
putltstttt."

Regarding IllN mtn lllt'c rtgtttrtst
Isabella. I'ltIIC\ \ltltI. "I‘m hopeful

I'll “Ill. tiftd I'rtt Itrtrtgtttg iii there
with confidence." ’\Ct‘ttttIlllt.' to
IlllIt'). ttit ltt‘lllllI polls Illl\L‘ been
taken. but from his tt\\ll sitttipltttif.
his L'Ililllt'i.‘\ st‘t‘llt good.

I'ttlIt'_\ “III tztkc a IL‘lt\L‘ of
from Sll\\.‘\ ttc.\t
scrnt-stci \\Itt'tl lItt' Senate is trt
\t'sslirlt. btti \HII tclttitt Ill tctich Ill
tltc trill tltc scltcdttlc ht:
IttIItt\\t‘tI llt l‘I/l

l.itlc_\ udttitis tli.tt crtrnpittgrttitg
|t.ts IiI\CtI his time ttt tithct attcris.
especially his Itoritc IIIL‘. "l'tc bccrt
otit ;I\\ft} from home :tIiil the past
ten \\CcI\\. I‘ll Itc glad to we
lttcsdit) (election day) come."

it I3\L'llt.'L‘

\illlll'

tion has organized a Bus Committee
which will meet bi-weekly to discuss
problems and possible solutions.

“The bus system consists of 17
regular-size buses. three mini buses,
itnd 23 full time [equivalent] drivers.
which handle over 1.700.000
passengers per year. Every scheduled
bus does arrive and except for oc-
casional mechanical problems. pick-
up delays. and poor road or weather
conditions. students cannot have
more than it ten or fifteen minute
wait." said DeVoe. It costs roughly
$350000 per year to run the buses.

Students. Itowever. don‘t seem to
agree as to tltc amount of time they
have to wait for it bits.

“You can‘t just walk outside the
dorm and expect to be in class in half
an hour." aid Alumni Quad resident
l’ctcr' Canino. “I Iiitvc to give myself

 

sages Added To ease Crowding ,.

about 45 minutes to an hour so that I
won‘t be late."

“Downtown living is great except
for the busing hassles," remarked
Bruce Simon, a sophomore who is
living downtown for his second con-
secutive year. "This semester. I pur-
posely have no‘ early morning
classes. I suggest that a survey be
taken to see when downtown
students have most of their classes
and then re-si ‘ tl iiie buses ac-
cordingly."

Joan Nicol s. that once two
over-full buses p.. if her and a
crowd of others at liti- Partridge-
Wcstern corner. "Around eight and
nine in the morning. and three to
four in the afternoon. we‘re packed
like sardines and this is an awful way
to begin iirtd cttd a long. hard day.“
she said.

Professor Hugh Farley will take a leave of absence spring semesterlt
be Is re-elected to hls second state senate term. (Photo: Karlchan)

Speech Pathology Center Asks For Funding

by [\l..l. Mctrtrttott

lltc Cttptial Area Spccch Center.
It pitttttc clinic \vhttsc staff includes
three SUNYA faculty trtcmbcrs. is
currently soliciting donations. btit
\tus dctiicd publicity for their effort
by the llnitcrstty Nears.

According to one of tltc specialists
currently working at tltc ccntcr.
.\lIt.'lt Westbrook. a letter was sent
on (let. IX. I978 from/'the
Washington Ave. clinic to Robert

fSenate Approves Proposaﬂ
For Environmental Major

A proposal for it new undergraduate major in Environmental
Studies was approved at a special meeting ofthe Urtiversity Senate

former Senate Chair Donald Bishko argued tlittt the program in
environmental studics this year contains "many of the weaknesses of
the old program" two years ago, "I think a masters program would
rnnkc a lot of sense. I do not tltirtk itn undergraduate program makes
any sense it! all. lam concerned about tltc prospects of undergraduate
environmental majors finding jobs."

Senate Vice President Dave Martin said that the new major
represents “an opportunity for students to have a reasonably technical
aspect of somcthing on top of an old Chemistry major. At least they
will have sortie kind of specific training."

Cotnrnittcc rircritber Professor Eugene McLaren assailed some of
Martin's comments. arguing that "the tnarkel for undergraduates ltits
not been that soft over the pitst few ycrtrs and it is getting ntucli arder."

llishko agreed. saying Itc felt that a school with a grttdtratc program
iii crtvironrtiental studies would want an applicittit with previous
experience. and a school with it graduate program would not wttnt it
student who did not Itavc tltc background. “I rcitlly think." he said.
"that yoti are giving the student tltc short ettd ofa deitd crtd discipline."

littvirottiitctttal Studies Committee member Patil Fox said that his
itttprcssiott of tltc field was opposite of Bishko's. 'I‘he crivirorinicrttal
movement. l~'ox said. was looking for "people who are experts. people
with credibility who are willing to take it stand and hold their
positions" bccrtusc tlicy are experts providing it fourtdatiort for tltc
thCltit'lll. l'ox wctii on to say that what tltc program would combine

+1

Rice. Iidlittl' ol tltc University News.
llrc lcttct was it rcqticst front the
center that tltc linitcrstty News
publish a small announcement to tltc
effect thity they lll‘t: now asking for
donations.
Denied Space

they were denied space iii the
loitr»p;tgc publication because it is
llitttctsity News policy not to
publish sticlt soliciations from
groups outside of SUNYA. accor-

by Robert Blasenstein
and Michele Israel
Albany Mayor Erastus Corning
said the legal definition of a family
would have to becbitnged in order to
repeal tltc tutti-grouping ordinance.
the anti—grouping ordinance
states that four or more unrelated
people living in an apartment is a
violation of the city housing code.
Corning Itits received complaints
rcccrttly frorn studcrtt leaders who
want the repeal of this ordinance.
the mayor. who spoke at a press
cortfcrcrtcc at SUNYA 'l'tiesduy. said
the present lcgttl dcfirtitioti ofa fami-
ly maintains that a fatnin consists of
three people. related or unrelated.
living together. Changing this. he
sitid. would meet with apposition
frotti fairiily members in tltc corti—
tititttity who fear it rise in the number
of Albany boarding houses.
Recently. SA President ’aul l‘cld—
itiitri raised a question of fairness
about a law which stipulates tltat. for
example. fch related people in ttti
apartment is considered legathut

 

drug to Rice.

"We‘ve Ittid to tttrtt dowit requests
from such groups as the American
Cancer Society because with tltc lit-
tle space we have each w -k. wc citri't
:tccomodate them.“ R ice said yester-
day. "If we Iiiid Ict tlictn irt. it would
htt\c set it precedent that we ririgltt
ttot be :thc to keep. The connection
they have with SUNYA is just too
tciittous to justify it."

'I he three SUNYA

  
  

faculty

Corning Says He Won’t
Repeal Housing Ordinance

five unrelated people in the same
apartment is called a violation ofthe
housing code.

Corning said that when he first
took over office in I94]. the defini-
tion of a family was two members. so
he sees the present definition as it
compromise. He said that he would
not support a repeal ofthe ordinance
and would “continue to be vague on
tltc issue.“

The mayor continuoust
emphasized that “safety is cort-
sidcred first." and that he “wouldn't
warit students to stay one extra day"
if their dwelling wasn't safe.

Corning also answered questions
regarding tltc Piiic Bush develop-
ment. stating he “has tried to save a
substantial portion of Pine Bush.”

'I lie Pirtc Buin is tl wooded itrcit
just west of SUNYA which is tltc
proposed site for a rtcw shopping
mall.

Corning said that 500 acres of
Pittc Bush ltitve already hcett saved

itttd that ittorc may also be nt'eserv-.

('flllffllllt'fl on page (We

currently working at tltc center are
Paul Boomslitcr. Carolyn
Roscttthal. and Rylurtd llcwitt. all
members til tltc soon to be ter-
minated Speech Pathology Depart—
I'IICIII. .

Phasing Out

Iltat department was retrcrtchcd
by former President Emmett Rields
iii Mttrch I976. and is currently be-
itig phased out, Rosentltnl and
Boomslitcr will become full-time
members of tlie center when the
department is officially ended in
May. Currently the professors are
splitting their time between the
center and teaching duties.

The center was organized in I976.
very soon after the retrenchment.
While it is a private practice group at
this time. tlicy are sceling to incor-
porate. Westbrook said. The fact
that they are a private-practice
group deters some people from mak—
irtg contributions said Westbrook.
because they lack the distinctiort and
charitable appeal of a non-profit
organization.

fit their effort to attract donation.
letters were sent out to many faculty
and staff at SUNYA. Westbrook
said. So far. they have received
around $400 in response. Site is cri-
courttgcd by tile replies. but added
that “we‘ll take any kind of support
we can get."

Low Overhead

they have attempted to keep such
overhead costs as rent. heat and elec-
tricity rs low its possible Westbrook
said. becattse “they come frorri our
pockets."

Boomslitcr. sitid he now spends
about three itnd a holidays a week at
tltc center. and is “looking forward“
to working there full-time. .

 

NOVEMBER 3, 1878

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE THREE

  

