 

 

owwsm
‘ v

.44

— «Hon 4   >Jw‘4r74y‘yv’0‘

 

 

 

 

CG 1’ ‘ "neutron-arms...» 
’ ..! P!;,,.Iw  ._  _ , .
Sum-Fri: QIW-  pm.  t 
i Buy: T‘co‘a ' Th.Fri.11-9
Get l Free

We serve meat is meatless dishes.

atoll !or our Taco Eating
. Contact.

 

 

 

INTERCOLLEGIATE SPRING FLING SKI WEEK AT

KILLINGTON, VERMONT

“March is Killington's Best Ski Month with Plenty of Snow. Sun and Fun. "
March Ski Weeks Include:
0 FiveDa Klllington LiftTitkeHMon-Fri) ‘ FiveNigbts Lodging
Sun-T ursl ' Five Full Breakfastst Four Complete Dinners
0 SkiSORunswlth up tom‘ Dro on 14 Lifts l Night Time
EntertainmentkWallttoMoviesAtc. ' mKegPartykDaneetoLiveBands
ONLY 511950613950 or 57950-59950 (without meals) _.
Special Drive-To Package
To receive all the details on this great trip, send this ad with your
address to United Intercollegiate Skiers Association, 4040 S. nth 5L,
Arlington, Va. 22206. (703) 57845322 (No collect, please) Subject to
6% tax and service charge.

 

 

 

F atso Fogarty’s

255 New Karner Rd. (Rt. ISS)
Albany. NY. l2205 456-3371

Tuesday

$.50 Drinks

u.

.. dnesda,

ladies Nite
V2 Price Drinks
Thursday

Beer Nile

Free Beer from 9 - 3 a. m.
Friday 8. Saturday

 

Fatso's Good Time Happy Hours
9- IO p.m.
beer 20¢ cocktails 40¢

FAISV'S , Fuller Rd,
Proper — Q—n

Attire

Plea” Wash. Ave. Em

 

 

S\1\EXCIIIng Theatres Under OneiRool
/ A NEW DIMENSION lN CINEMA LUXURY

THE ONE
AND ONLY

[OHN TRAVOLTA

SATURDAY NIGHT l:30. 4:00
FEVER i 7200. 9:30

()“glndl music wltllt'n amt pmiouvwit-v im' in. t...

“emigre

Lu

c. “mount
.Bl‘llll llll iiiiitittiiii
5 CINE 1’2-3-4-5-6


NtlltlllﬂA' Misti

A
ltl '. s '1 “(Mil

 

PAGE TWO

 

. caniinuedfrom page one _

considered,” said one health ofﬁcial.
Health Services at Siena College said
that the college has not been
particularly hard hit with the flu
virus with only about Is to 20
percent of the students there
contracting the virus. One health
official expressed apprehension
though when she remarked: “I guess
we‘re about to get it."

SUNY Assistant Vice Chancellor
for Student Affairs Dr. Ronald
Bristow said that to his knowledge,
all the SUNY schools have and will
remain open. “I‘ve checked with the
campus liason ofﬁcer andstherc‘s
nothing there." he said. Bristow said
that there were no speciﬁc guidelines
for closing schools but that “it
would depend on the individual
situation for that particular school.“

SA Clubs

continued front page one
Residents from all five quads wll be
represented on the committee. he
said.

SA Controller. Mike Hctchkop
said that “clubs with limited. special
interest memberships just don‘t
beneﬁt the entire student body as,
much as other groups like Concert
Board and Speaker’s Forum. We‘re
especially interested in campus
media. such as the new Season
Ticker, because they can be enjoyed
by a large number of students."

Part of thc committcc's new
program. according to both Shtirkcy
and Hctchkop, calls for eliminating
SA-fundcd trips for some
organizations. “The SA shouldn‘t be
paying for tcn or fiflccn students to
go on a trip. because that doesn‘t do
anything for thc othcr fourtccn-
thousand tnxpttycrs." llctcltkop
sttid.

Shttrkcy agrccs. “Wc‘rc frowning
on trips. frankly because they only
beneﬁt the few students who go on
tltctn. thn ten people in an
academic group go on it 8250 trip.
llicy'rc getting a larger sharc oi tlicir
IthCS (rcturttcd to them) than tlic
nvcrtigc students. Wc think this is
unfair and not iii thc hcst inlcrcsisol
cvcryoncf"

Although neither had cxnci
figurcs. (told and Sharkcy botlt said
the climination of trips would allow
SA to remain within its budget.

I rips to conicrcnccs. thcy poiittcd
out. won't hc includcd in thc cuts.
(‘onlct'cnccs ttrc tIllL'ltLIL‘d by
rcprcsctttztthcs ol tlt'gtllII/tllttlnh,
usually cnlcrtainntcnt oiicntcd. In
sci rates and sccttrc tttlcltl. Stich
SUNYA orgatii/ations as ilic
('onccrl Ilottrtl and Spctikci's
l‘tirtltlt regularly titlcttd Iltcsc and.
according to Sharkcy. arc “ccrttttnly
tcptcscntmg campus-wisetntcrcsts.“

Aittottg thc clttbs which will bc
ullcctcd by thctrip cul-backsttic Ski
Club. linglislt S'udcuts ('lub.
lntcrttatttonttl Students Association.
l.c ('crclc l'rttncnts. tind (lilting
L'lub.

CORRECTION

in thc article about thc ("litticsc
Now Your in last l‘rtdtty's ASl‘. a
typographical error changed thc
lllUtlllllIg oi uscntcncc. lhc scntcncc
shoitld lutvc read: A palm rctidcr told
me that I would soon be writing tor
Andy Warhol‘s interview; obviously
a tourist trap. but one I‘ve chcr seen
on Mott Strcct. There was no intent
to offend anyone in thc (‘hincsc Club
by the writer. Francesca Cohtt. or
the editors. We regret it it turned out
that way.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

l- .

Indians Claim Land as Theirs

ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) Negotiations resumed yesterday between Cayuga and
St. Regis Mohawk nations and state and federal officials over more it..."
70,000 acres of land in northern New Yorkthat the Indians claim belongs to
them because of faulty old treaties. The meetings were "part of a conunuing
negotiation process I am sure will span over several weeks, said Bob Bulgun‘
New York‘s assistant secretary of state. Batson and a representative oi the
state attorney general met in the morning .thh members of the Cayuga
Nation and in the afternoon with members of the St. chts Mohawk nation,
Batson said. The Cayuga Indians are claiming approximately 64.0001tcrcs oi
land in Sencca and Cayuga counties. The St. Regis Mohawk Indians claim
bctwccn l0.000 and l2.000 acres in Franklin and St. Lawrencc counncc

Jet Sales Threaten Israel’s Security

WASHINGTON (AP) The Carter administration launched a dcfctisc ni lls
proposed sale of jet fighters to Saudi Arabia whilc Visiting lsrticlt loimgn
Minister Moshe Dayan held talks here with Secretary ol Sltllc ()riis It
Vance. Ina IO-pttge memorandum. the State Department said sale oi (ttll -t5
Eagles to the oil-rich kingdom would be consistent \vtth pcticc tlhjccln c» .md
that thc decision was takcn witlt "scrupulous care" for lsracl‘s scrum}
Dayan was certain to register his country‘s protest of tlic deal in l:ist~p.tccd
talks with President Cartcr. Vancc and House members. Isrtlclcunlctitlsllml
dclivcry ol'thcjcts. which can loom into lsrticli air space from Saudi tci 1 Hill}
in less than it minutc. poses a threat to its sccurity.

Coal Strike Negotiations Continue

WASHINGTON (AP) Negotiations to end the 73-day~old national .u.t|
strike rcsumcd today. and Labor Secretary Ray Marshall said he would [H to
find agreement on a new contract, Marshall. acting as chief mediator Ill lltc
talks. said he would keep bargaincrs for the striking United Minc Wot kcrs
and thc soft-coal indistry in session throughout the night if ttcccssztt') tomch
his deadline. He stressed thc difficulty of tryittg to resolve thc tssucs m tllc
strike but said: "Wc obviously don‘t have long this think can't go on"
Marshall declined to say what stcps might be tukcti ii negotiators :ttc llti.illlt‘
to reach agreement by Friday.

Benefits Not to be Increased

ALBANY, N.Y. (Al’) The state‘s highest court ruled ycstcrdny that clccicd
officials cannot use accumulath sick leave to increase their tcutctncni
benefits. because they get paid whether they show up for work or not In .t
case involving four retired Otscgo County officials. the Court ot ‘\[)[lL’.ll\
found that because elected officials “generally wcrc frcc to lttkctn muchot as
little timc off as they might wish“ without affecting their salaries. lltc) could
not clttim sick leave benefits givcn otltcr workcrs. 'I'hc dccisioti ctnnc Ill it Lum-
brought by former Otscgo Surrogate Richard Bookhout. Itillttct tonntt
'l'rcttsurcr Bcrnicc C. Jones. l'ormcr County and Family (‘ourt .Iinlgc
Frederick W. Loomis and former County Clcrk Robert M. Atwcll. “litt lt.nl
sotiglit to apply unuscd sick Icavc to incrctisc thcir rctirctncnt hullt’lllS

Harriman, Dead at Age 82

ARDEN. NY. (AP) I3. Roland I'Ittrl‘lmlln. K2. a leading patron ol innum-
racing in thc United Stutcs. and brothcr of lot'mcr New York gotctnoi .ind
ambassador W. Avcrcll llarrinttm. died ycstcrday at his ironic mn-
llttrriman founded the United Statics l'rolting Association in NIX llc or
chairman of lbc board oi the “it” til l"ttntcofthc 'l Hitler in (itisltcn. \ i llc
also was the owner of Historic 'l rack at (ioshcn. llc wasappomtcd clmn tram
ol tlic American Rcd Cross by President Harry It'ttnttin and IL’.tpptii|ilt’tl "v.
l’rcsidcnts l)wtghi l). Eiscnhowcr. .lohn l'. Kcnncdy. Lyndon .ltillliuvlt mil
Richard Nixon, llc scrvcd lll the post utilil I973. llarrimnn lititl .i i:|.' tr
tntcrcst Ill trotting horscs.

Fears Aroused Due to Assassination

RAMAI.I.AH. ()t‘cupicd West Bank (Al’) Ihc assassination ol ttllt oI Hm
town‘s most powcrful Artih i'igurcs has arottscd lciirs ttllltitlll l‘I»: it
occupation Iorccs that Arab guerrillas havc dccidcd to strikc .11 MM
through stispcctcd collaborators. Wciilthy mcrchanl Abdul-Mn Mun-1
.litnhtt. 55. gunned down outsidc his shop. wasthc third Ai‘ttbconn 't'lctl u ::t
tltc occupying iot'ccs killcd in Rtimtilltth iii thc past two liltilillts III' «.Ix
known to work closcly wuh ihc milittity goicrntncni. a scrtousctnnt littll.l
thc ttnwrittcn codc ol lltc l’tilcstiniatt Liberation ()t‘gtttit/tition

New Toys For New Age Group

BUFFALOMI’) I‘ishcr-l’ricc toys. \thich has always nutdc to_\s tot tutor»
ttlld pro-school youngslcrs. said ycslcrdtiy it is Widening its ptodut' inn Iv
includc oldcr children. llic suburban litisi Auroru firm. a dimton oI HM
Quaker Oats Co. titlroduccd 40 ttcw toys in its 1978 linc ttlltl stud lmli oi tl‘t In
wrll bc lor oldcr youngsters. Ihc lttglicsi age bracket mcmuoncd unxlmll to
tune lor it ttcw itctn called the "lti|k~to-Mc I’Ittycr & Hunks." ttslltt"'t1tlt\l
innovative product l'ishcr-l’rtcc has ctcr titlroduccd." It consists til -I 1'”
with small disks or records on each page that tell dillcrcnt storm

Labor Unions for Gls

LONDON (AP) The U.S. Army. iii ll cotttiniting effort to Illilkt.‘ scttnc IIIL'
morc ititrticlivc. is paying S|2.000 to it llritisli social scicnttst to Iittd out
whether (ils would likc to join labor unions. chcn littropcttn counum.
Including West Germany wltcrc ttttttly lJ.S. scrviccmcn ttrc stallioncd. .itlo“
tiltlllttfy men to form unions or prol'cssional associations to ticgotntic ionic»
and working conditions. llui (iwyn IIlll‘l’lch‘JCIlkillH. ll tcciurct ill llnll
University tit castcrn linglttnd assigned toconduct the survey. says hc docsll'l
bcltcvc Uncle Sam‘s top brass or senior officers are rcttdy for untiHH/“lm'

FEBRUARY 17. 1978

 

 

 

 

 

 

byAron smith it
Cheating will not be an acceptable

reason for'an instructor to refuse

authorization of a .student's

withdrawal from a course. according .

to a resolutionpassed yesterday by
the University Senate's
Undergraduate Academic Council.

The resolution revises a bill
approved by the Senate in
December. which stated that “the
instructor has a right to refuse to
authorize a withdrawal only when
there is a compelling reason such as

 

cheating." _ y ,
‘ ActingSUNYA President Vincent
O'Leary sent‘the bill back to the
Senate after student leaders
complained that it needed
clarification. _

The . revision constitutes an
attempt to solve the problem created
by the statement‘s ambiguity,
according to SA. Senate Liaison
Hugh Hill.

“The term ‘compelling reason‘ was
the greatest problem.“ said Hill.
“The feeling was that cheating was

~awal'1‘Bill Revised»

on expression of a co‘mpelling reason
—- the most obvious,” he said. ‘

“The UAC looked at this wording
again and they felt that it didn't
express their true feelings at all." said
Hill. “That‘s why there was this
clariﬁcation today."

The original bill deﬁned a
“compelling reason" as ustrong
enough to warrant a possible
grievance or disciplinary hearing."
UAC's revision deletes both this
statement and the reference to
cheating, stating that the instructor's

 

by Jill Haber

“cult and it half."

tntntntol."

 

iWCDB-FM Will Finally ‘
Broadcast Next Week

The campus radio station WCDB received a Program Test
Authorization from the FCC ycstcrday, enabling it to go on the FM
airwaves. according to General Manager I'aul Roscnthal.

WCDB plans to begin broadcasting next week. Rosenthal said.

The document gives the station permission to begin broadcasting.
but is not a license. Thc FCC will review WCDB's programming for
several months to determine whether to grant a license.

"The l’TA czimc quicker than we thought it would.“ said Station
Manager Mark Bcrnstcin. "It could have come anytimcjn the next

Repairs to thc station autcnntt mast ontop of Indian Quad will not
dcltty station broadcasting. The antcntia snapped because of high
winds during a recent snowstorm.

“Wc‘rc rcplttcing tl two-part must with a one-part mast becausc it
gcts windy at thc top of Mohauk." said Roscnthal. “The cost is

("itti‘cittly. ilic station is conducting mock bt'ottdcnstingon \VSIlA—
\ M to Iiimiliitri/c thc stall with the ttcw cquipmcnt. J

 

 

g merely acknowledges that
the student is withdrawing from the
course.

The revised bill separates
withdrawal from a course and

campus disciplinary measures astwo .

different procedures.

“Students cannot be prevented
from withdrawing from a course.“
said Hill.“lf a professor feels the
student is guilty of cheating. the
professor should take the student
before the Student Conduct
Committee."

oer/ac -

Senator Hugh Hlll supports the revision 0! a bill to preventtnatructm
irom retualng to authorize studenta' withdrawn trorn courses.

The revised bill will go before the
Senate's Executive Committee on
Feb. 22. and could reach the Senate
ﬂoor as early as Mar. 6.

“The revision was absolutely
necessary." said Hill. “I support it as
acceptable. It is, basically. what the
students want and need."

Comic Strip Causes Controversy

by .I. M. Reilly

The publication of a cartoon in
last Friday's ASP has touched offa
controversy involving charges of

' scxism. racism. and anti-semitism

from ti variety of groups and
individuals at SUNYA.

Groups Form Lobbying Alliance

by (‘harlcs l’ckunku

\tnc studcut organi/tttiotts at
St \YA lnivc l'ormcd ti lobbying
group the) hope \till itdtancc
lcgislttlion protccling studcnt's
rights. according to SA Vicc
l'rcstdcnt Kathy llttron.

Ihc lirst action to bc taken by this
group. now known its the Student
Allittncc. will involve lobbying tit lhc
Sitttc (.‘apitol this l'ucsdtty and
chncsdtiy.

Mcmbcrs at tltc allitincc iitcliidc
SA. SIJM. SASU. NYl’lRti. thc
()ii-("ttinpus Association. the
Albany State Univcrstiy Black
Association. l’ucmt Latintt. thc
l-ctnmist Allitincc. and the Pan-
('nrtbbcnn Assocuition.

Iiaron said the lobbying effort on
lhosc ttvo days will conccntrtilc on

the iollowing fivc issttcs‘: rcmovttl ol
the IlL‘tIllli l‘cc. 'IAl’ cquity.
i'cstoring li()l’ sttpcnd cuts. tcniini
protection from retaliatory cviction.
and MCdlCtlld funding ol abortions.
lbc first lltrcc tirc budgcliiry issiics
spcciiictilly involving SUNY; tltc
other two issues oftcn tiflcct
students. she said.

Tim Martinez. President ofSUM.
said the Hcaltlt Fcc wasSU M's main
concern. but that the coalition was
formed to help all itinc groups
achich their common goals.

Baron said the idea of such an
alliitncc “had been kicking around
the offices“ of most of these groups
for some time. She said the groups
can lcnd each other support by
it'orkingtogcthcr on issttcs ofspcciul
intcrcst. althouglt tnost oftlic issucs

UPS/MARK SASS

SA Legal Advisor Jack Leator sold it the Class at '78 assigned the
Benecke contract to 8A the latter would be responsible for collection.

FEBRUARY 17, 1978

thc coalition has identified conccrn it
majority of students.

Ilitron stressed that studcnts
intct'cstcd in working for some issucs
won't bc l'orccd to lobby for one tltcy
don‘t believe in. She said ottc of thc
goals of a lobbying effort such as this
is "to brcttk down the image of
legislators its being god-like. They
are thcrc to serve us and should be
rcsponsivc to our nccds.“

Voluntccrs on dinncr lincs last
night were signing up students to
participate in tire lobbying.

'l'hc lobbying 'l'ucsdtiy will bcgin
at a short mccting of the Assembly
and Scntttc Ways and Means
Finance Committee.

A coalition of l() SA v fundcd
groups met with ASP Editor-
in-Chicf Torn Martcllo Wednesday
to make a formal protest and
demand. among other things. that
the strip will not be run again.

Earlier in the week. it group ol
four irtitc individuals approached
thc .AISI’ offices lritc one production
night and demanded ti pt‘tntcd
rctraction. Mtirtcllo said hc htis
rcccivcd calls. some thrczttcuing.
complaining about the strip and
dcinttnding ati apology. llic \vritcr
ol thc strip has said ltc has heard
“many disturbing rumors ol pcoplc
wanting to beat me up. Sonic of the
rumors cvcn say ‘kill.' "

The comic. it regular feature of the
ASI".\' wcckly ASI’ccts scction.
portrtiycd a character Cttllcd
“Beacon Man“ burning up a woman
with his boat ray eyes and calling
her "cunt." The strip was writtcn by
one member of ti group that
collectively produces the strip under
the pseudonym “Ralph Boxlcy."

A letter to tltc editor in this edition
demands that the ASI’ publish thc
name of the strip‘s author. Martcllo
has rcfuscd. “because the possibility

of violent acts against the
cartooninst certainly exists.“

“Whilc purporting to bc
humorous. the cartoon in fact
encourach a series of racist and
sexist stcrcotypcs: Jewish Women as
intitcrialists and loudmouth. Black
athletes as smooth “groovers.” and
women in general as being sexual
objects eliminated at the whim of a
male." the letter says.

The cartoon uses namcs similar to
those of three SUNYA studcuts, one
of which signcd thc letter to thc
cditor.

“It's not a personal tlting
anymore." Sharon ‘Ward said. “All
ol' the groups involved have felt
ticglcctcd or discriminated against in
some way by thc ASP .and this
Bcttcon Man thing is something that
has finally managed to offend them
all at out: shot.“

“Sharon Wardstcin" is dcstroycd
iii the cartoon by Beacon Man's eyes
after talking continuously for two
panels about Frye boots. disco
dancing. her attraction towards
black basketball players and her
dislike for marijuana. ASI’ccts

continued on page ﬁve

Class of ’78 Seeks Benecke Money

by Denise Itenci

The Class of '78 is considering
cithcr suing former (‘lass l’rcsidcnt
Marc Bcncckc for hrcttch of
contract. or asking SA to loan tlicin
thc amount of money bc oucs.
according to (lass ol '7h’ l’tcsidcnt
(itiry Bcnnctl

llcncckc was tricti and itcuittltcd
ol third degree grand lzirccny in
Albany County last lull. ltilL‘t' bctng
cltttrgcd with stealing $3000 l t'tllll llic
class ol ‘7li treasury.

In ill“ of two llcncckc had stgncd.
a contract atgrccing to make
tcstitutton ol the 3.1000. llc has
nutdc only two 5200 ptiyiiicnts

('crtlﬁcd l.cttcr

(‘liiss til ‘73 Vicc l’rcstdcnt Alttll
Kitiilniitn said he sent llcncckc a
letter by certified mail last wcck
establishing ti lich. I7 dcadlinc for
payment. The lctlcr was returned.
according to Kaufman. Kttufmitn
said he sent it second letter to thc
discothcquc wltcrc Bcncckc works.

The ticxt step. stiid Kaufman. is
Civil Court action. A summons will

be sent to Bcncckc if he fails to
rcspond to the Feb. lidcadlinc. said
Kaufman lltii Bcncckc said it
summons cotild not ht: issucd until it
l'L'lItlhlL' addrcss is obtained.

An ttllcl'lltlllVC plttn wtis sitggcstcd
to Bcnnctl by Central Council
nicmhcr Roni Sicill. Stcrtt stud shc
tipproticltcd Bcnnctl with thc idca
oi borrowing tlic ntoncy lrom SA in
c\clinngc lor tlti: contract.

SA l.cgttl Advisor. .lrtck l.cstcr
said this is ttll ignmcttt." lcstcr
sitttl tIIlL'r lhc (lass oi '78 assigned
ihc contract to SA the responsibility
lor collcctioti would fall on SA.

Stcrn said SA would how to site.
btit tfthcy won thcy would rccctvc tlil
lcgttl lccs and intcrcst duc oil the
contract, Stcrn sttid ll bill would lutvc
to bc introdttccd to Ccntral ('outicil
and passed before such action could
lttkc place.

"i think it‘s it great idea. It's (jury
Bennett's decision but I'll draw up
the bill if he agrees. I resent what
Bcncckc did to the Class of '78 and
don‘t want to see hintch away with

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

" she said.

Chair of tltc Ccntrttl Council
Finance Committee Robert
(ictman. said the $2,600 would be
taken [tom the SA contingency
lund. which is used as a source of
loans and for cmcrgcncics.

(‘hanccs Good

(ictmain stiid.”l‘ll only back this
plan ifSA chal Scrviccsthink iltcrc
is an cxccllcnt chance of winning the
CltSL‘ should we have to take Bcncckc
to court." Lester said that in his
opinion there was a good clinith of
winning.

licncckc's attorney Ray Fisher
rcfuscd to comment.

The decision as to which way to go
about collecting tltc money rests
with the Class of '7ll. "Someone has
to sue Bcncckc. us or SA" said
Bennett.

If Beneckc does not respect
today's deadline. said Bennett. he
will wait for it response to the
summons before making a ﬁnal
decision. Bennett said he is not yet
worried about the time factor.

PAGE THREE

it.

 

 

