 

r
r
l
i

 

 

 

 

gr V'XII'YIGlIlvV'.“"

 
 
     

t...

I     F006: 
.; Strictly Brand and Water ,3 ?

Cafeteria Cooking No

“The food has reached a level for
action] We will revolt!" .
"Don't feed us crow instead of
chicken."
“ That bird was an unidentiﬁed fr ying
obiect."
The stufﬁng is disgusting. They
should give'yau a straw."
"Less hair in the French toast."
hat inspires SUNYA students
to write scathing sentiments
such as these? Without
prompting. almost any
campus clown knows
immediately that the food dispensed from
UAS cafeterias bring such reactions.
“The food not only looks bad but tastes
bad and obviously doesn‘t agree with
most digestive tracts."
“It‘s just gross.“
“it is greasy. slimy. disgusting. . ."

   

“l‘m too nauseous to talk about it,"
said sophomore Bruce Fox. who hadjust
finished eating some of it.

Not that the food is bad. Sure. some
have likened such delicacies as chicken
and beef stroganoff at various times to

Wendell Hoddon '

inanimate canine excrement. or words
similar. ()ther students. however. enjoy
certain dorm dishes: Ice cream, ham. veal.
chicken patties. deep-fried fish. steak.
salads. and spaghetti were among the
U AS Hall of Fame for a few students
polled. “Anything that doesn't touch
their [the cooks] hands. that comes
directly lrom the can. is my favorite."
retnarked ’aul. a Colonial Quad
fresh man.

01' course. everyone has d

 

     
   

'likes. Of

(9

 

hat costs $365. is limitless in

supply and probablythe most

talked-about and abused

phenomenon on campus?

Answer: UAS food. From veal
balls to lobster tails, UAS food is
probably responsible for more strangers
striking up conversations than the
blackout of ‘65. Freshmen often use the
topic of food as an ice-breaker and most
conversations tend to fall in the same
category: complaints.

Edlth Barolson

But what are the facts behind the 20
meals pcrs week that are regularly dished
up at SUNYA‘s cafeterias? The break—
down on local costs is as follows: Dinner:
$267. lunch: $73. and breakfast: $25. The
tab appears to be a bargain. “There hasn‘t
been a board increase in the past four
years while there‘s definitely been a food
price increase." said newly-elected UAS
president Michael Fertig. Also.
SUNYA‘s board rate is the lowest in the
entire SUNY system. according to UAS
General Manager E. Norbert Zahn.

 

David Reasor, who was then on the
UAS Board of Directors. took charge ofa
UAS food quality investigation for his
project as Board member. Zahn showed
him the UAS storeroom where he
checked the supplies and read labels.
Reasor also went through invoicesto note
the quality and grade ratings ofthe meats.
vegetables. and other general foods
purchased. His conclusion. which was
reported to the Board was“Thequalityot
the food. on the whole. is fine." Rcirsor
also says that this quality is expected In
remain just as high this year. ‘liycrr
though they‘re [the UAS corporation] in
a deficit year. I know they‘re not buying
cheaper quality food.“

“We get the best quality food we can
buy and shop in a national wholesale
market to save on costs." said Zahn.

So. if the prices are reasonable and the
food quality is high. then wiry all the
complaints? “The problem lies in lhc
preparation —-r mass feeding so many
people." said Fertig. It seems there's mori-
to cooking for 1.000thanjust multiply trig
atypical homemakcr's recipe for four by
250. “There are certain things you crur‘t

\

Competition For Mom

students polled. some variouslytlosttheir
appetites at the sight of corned beef.
creamed tuna. hot dogs, fish. eggs. and
chili. .

Complaints are abundant. Students
regularly gripe that the meat is low-grade,
the rolls are stale. and the vegetables are
overcooked. resulting in little nutritional
value. Other common comments are that
“hot food" is not always hot. is at times
over- and undercooked. and is too often
greasy or starchy.

Returning students are divided as to
whether the palatability of the food
ﬂuctuates from year to year. One senior
asserted: “i think it‘s pretty good this
year." Evan. a sophomore from Colonial
Quad. disagreed: "I think it‘s worse than
last year.“ A junior from Dutch
concurred.

Some upperclassmcn claimed they
re.

moved off-campus partly to escape
cafeteria food. “You may think this is
weird but I live off—campus but eat on-
campus." said a transfer student from
Geneseo. “l have no complaintsabout it."
She added that her fonner school did not
have ice cream or, salad bars and students
paid for each item separately ratherthan
using a tncal card.

Ed. a senior who lives on campus.
reportcd' "I‘ve heard that [upperclassmcn
move oft campus to avoid cafeteria fare]
in other colleges but not so much here."
Some do. however.

The quality of the food served remaim
a universal topic ofdiscussion, whether at
a cannibal feast or at SUNYA. As for
Colonial Quad. each meal seems to bring
a separate set ofcomplaints. as evidenced
by the sarcastic comments scrawled on
the “Beef Board,“ the outlet for auger
provided by UAS. Witness. for cxarnplt'.
remarks made concerning an evening
meal last week:

“Why don't you use meat the next timc
you serve steaks.“

“The steaks broke my knife."

“The steaks slid off my fork (cut the
grease!)“

“I thought horse was illegal in NY.
State."

Compliments from students an"
occasionally given. though some are
mixed blessings.

"A lot of times the cold things are hot
and the hot things are cold but otlicr'thatt
that things aren‘t as bad as people say "

“They have their good days about trln't'
a month."

“i think
selection."

“Hot lunches are not iltr good as the tlt‘ll
lunches."

l’hcre‘s a saying which claims. ".-\
stomach that is seldom empty liL‘SPth’b
Common food.“ However. litttnt‘ ulto
ticspisc common UAS CillL‘lL‘t'lil toorl Hm
choose to counter this with the Wisdom nl
Ben Franklin. who said (though
admittedly in another context). " l H
lengthen thy life. lessen they meals."

there‘s always a good

i

 

rm"

 
   

‘thiFll‘ For (i “9 or

explained Fertig. “For example. they
have to start cooking roast beefs in the
afternoon so that enough will be cooked
for dinner. Naturally the roast beef
people eat at 4:30 will be different from
one that‘s eaten later.“

Following Reasor‘s report on food
quality. a subcommittee was formed from
the membership board at UAS to review
food preparation. Board member Tony
Giardina served as chair. A detailed
survey was distributed among students on
the quads concerning their impressions of
food preparation. The response showed
"the s‘udents have a real interest in what
is going on [regarding the food serviccj.“
said Giardina. “They didn‘t just want to
criticize. but also take part in making
changes. Among the most frequent
student gripes were: greasy hamburgers (a
complaint that appeared on 90 percent of
all surveys). watery scrambled eggs. and
stale breads and rolls. According to
Giardina. a new type of hamburger meat
and egg are now being used. The stale ness
probletn with the breads and rolls stems
truth the fact that they aren't made with
airy preservatives. due to student request
of a few years back. To combat the
problem all quads now supply their
breads and rolls with some kind ofcover
to keep them fresher, said Giardina.

Giardina. who is on the board again
this year. plans to continue his research on
the topic of food. “There are still a lot of
over-all complaints on the food in

. general. I think we're going to have to

5 look into the situation again," he said. He
is optimistic. however. on the topic. “I
think a significant amount ofchange can
take place without a board increase. I also
don‘t think the food is as bad as the
people make it out to be, althoughof
course it's not homecooking."

Regarding plans for the future.

 

 

1!

  

cook as people come down to dinner."

.4 ﬂ
 at g.

 

 

 

(iiardina would like to take a trip out ta

the SUNY at Cortland, a college reputed
to have especially good food. “l‘d like to
visit their commisary and see howthcy do
things," he said.

Although he doesn‘t claim that the
meals at SUNYA will ever surpass
Mom's. Fertig stresses that student inputs
can make changes in the food service. “I
wish people Would come to me if they
have any questions or complaints." he
said. Students can also take their beefs to
their individual quad's food committee.

Fertig himself plans to investigate the
possibility of a Saturday brunch. and
“greater meal ﬂexibility." For example.
I'd like to see if there is any reason why a
student on the meal plan can'teat with his
off-campus friends in the Campus
Center's cafeteria." he said.

Who knows what lies in the future for
UAS. I know I plan to make my
suggestions to my quad's food committee.
Today turkey tetraliti a tomorrow the

 

 

world!

The stuffing is disgusting.
They should give you a straw. _

 

 

    

 

 

 

k SUNYA students are diligently worklng behlnd the scenes for the upcoman meal. (Photo: Mlke Farrell)

 

SUNVﬂ's Downtown
Dining Experience

5 it possible that the food is

more edible at the downtown

campus than the uptown?

Probably not. But it sure

seems that way to many people
at Alumni Quad. fondly called the “odd
quad."

Some venture all the way down on the
old p -a green SUNYA bus in the middle
ofthc day just for lunch. At 1:00. it‘s not
unusual to hear someone say. “Oh. l'just
came down for lunchfl have to be back
for a 2:|0 class." Why do these people
waste 45 minutes to get downtownjust to
eat?

Sylvia Saunders

 

Is the llljl’ really better downtown? Do
they make the “Apple Brown Bettics"
differently?

It may have something to do with the
chandeliers as opposed to the ﬂuorescent
domes uptown. Downtown Brubacher
has wooden barristers and floors and a
mirrored wall. while uptown cafeterias
look like large—scale classrooms with
white walls and skinny little windows.

The cafeterias downtown are also
about half the size. You have your choice
of round or small square tables.
Downtown you sit in wooden chairs. and
at most uptown cafeterias. you enjoy
bright colored molded plastic ones.

In general, when comparing uptown to
downtown. the book says. downtown
living offers a “tnore congenial. relaxed
atmosphere than the uptown quads."
This applies especially to dinnertime.

For one. it‘s a lot more intimate
downtown. You can hear your own
conversation and as well as some others.
Wherithcrc‘s a food fight. everyone in the
immediate vicinity of the victim table is
affected. Certain tables and groups are
formed and become notorious. Also the
atmosphere when compared to uptown is
friendlier. People say hello to. and often
strangers will come and sit with you. lt‘s a
good way to meet people.

Dinncrtime downtown becomes a
social experience. while uptown it seems
to be only a tithe for eating.

You also get to know the people who
serve downtown. Uptown quads have
more people on staff. so it's harder to spot

a familiar face. At Alumni. the same crew
is always around. Names and faces like
Maude‘s become well known. Sometimes
they even remember your eating habits so
they don't have to ask if you want a
double scoop of “Cherry Garden" ice
cream. Maybe uptown‘s a little more
organized than downtown. but it‘s a lot
more fun.

Now don‘t get the wrong idea. l.m not
totally anti-uptown dining; 1 eat there
twice a week but not by choice.

This semester i personally was afﬂicted
with a 5: [fl-6:25 class. Being a person who
lives to eat. rather than eats to live, I
quickly realized that this meant on
Tuesday and Thursday nights l would not
be able to cut dowutown since dinner
there is served from 5:00 until 6:30. It was
a traumatic experience. My first Tuesday
class I went uplOWn with a friend with an
open mind and an empty stomach.

The first thing that hit me was the long
litres. People were lined all the way up to
the ﬂagroom. Then when I ﬁnally was in a
position to view the food. l noticed the
difference in food dispensing. Downtown
it's served. Uptown. it‘s there to be taken.
Usually there are five or six plates on top
of the rack just waiting to he grabbed.
People say the food is worse up there
because they‘re cooking for more, soithey
put a little more water in the sauce.

But there are some definite advantages

uptown; sugar more often. there‘s a r

larger salad bar with more “fixings.” Dr.
Pepper soda. better and more ice cream
ﬂavors. and croutons more often. There's
also a hot and cold line which makes life a
little less complicated. In general. there‘s
a greater variety of people and food
uptown.
But

then again. Downtown at

Brubachcr. they let you serve your own .

ice cream. This has obvious advantages.
It has also been rumored that uptown
doesn't have iced-tea. while Alumni has
been known to thrill downtowners with it
every once in awhile.

Wherever you eat. it's a matter of
opinion.

If you want the simple elegance and
charm of Grand Central Station. then
uptown is definitely the place. But as for
the downtowners. they'll stick to their

'rclrrxing and gracious dining hall. it‘s all a

nrattcr of taste.

 

 

