. .. 04.... pg}... ..

 

his is a tale of a mythical

creature known as the average

university professor. The tale

is mythical because the term

“average” is a theoretical one;.
there is no such creature as an average:
human being, and professors. or most of
them, are just like us. or most of us. at least
in being human. So when we speak of an
average individual, we are speaking in
terms of statistics and generalizations.
which are admittedly violent reductions
and oversimplifications.

 

J.M.Rollly

There is only'one other thing that must
be kept in mind throughout the unfolding
of our tale: it should be obvious that the
degree to which this take should be taken
seriously, is very limited indeed. Though
if certain half-truths emerge that may cut
a little closer than others, no shouts of
“Mia Culpa" are expected. A simple,
honest nod of acknowledgement will do.

We meet our eminent. though slightly
reactionary mythical protagonist as he
sits in his choice corner ofﬁce in the Life
Sciences buidling on the uptown campus
at Anysuny U., somewhere in the
northeast U.S.

Bjorn Stufford Academia. or B. Stuffy
as he's known among the roundworm
people around the Life Sciences
Department. is one of a handful of
leading professors at Anysuny U., an
i nter‘nationallyzknown ' leadenini the ﬁeld

 

of remainders alcoholism ~m9‘1‘ivdm8- .

addiction. He is the author ’of’ several
bestsellers. including “The Snookered
Worm" and an analysis of the social
pressures leading to alcohol and drug
addiction in young nematodes,
considered a classic in the field. entitled
"Born Nematode in a FlatwormWorld.“

We meet B. Stuffy. surrounded by the
latest nematodal journals. articles, and
symposium reports. as he ponders the
results of his latest student evaluation,
which he got from a fellow roundworm
man on the departmental review
committee.

"They still don‘t like me." he mused.

“But they‘re all a bunch of numbies
anyway. Life Science grad students have
no right to be disinterested. nor to expect
to have time for other interests. they
should just be committed.“

    

But B. Stuffy wasn't worried about the
evaluation, just a little resentful. more of
the university than the students. After all,
he hadn't been hired as a Leading
Professor, at a salary of $40,000 plus- plus
for a ten-month work year because of his
teaching abilities. He was hired because
he was one of the few internationally -
recognized scholars in his field who was
willing to work in a university. Asfar as
he was concerned. the university had crust
making him teach at all. What did he care
about faculty requirements? Even one
course was an imposition. He had real
work to do. Most of the dozen or so
scholars of his stature were working for
private industry, and getting paid a lot
better. though they were not quite as
comfortably entrenched in the safety of
the academic role.

Or should we say safe for some. For
acclaimed scholars, to whom universities
handed full and leading professorships,
big bucks and lots of tenure on a silver
platter to help bolster the university's
academic standing or strengthen weal
departments. university life is a pretty
comfortable deal. With all those benefits
and a guaranteed student vacation period
until you have to retire at 70. a big

temptation to gorego the bigger bucks
and oftentimes better equipment and
facilities Big Buisiness can offer, at least
for those in the Math and Sciences field.
The Humanities people are pretty much
stuck with the role of academics. because

.not many industries are willing to support

return doesn't offset the cost.

But what aboiit those lower down on
the totem pole, the associate and assistant
professors. or the lowman on the pole, the
untenured assistant professor what does
the university life have to offer them?
Well, B. Stuffy had put in his time in these
positions, and risen to the pinnacle of
university faculty positions through the
ranks. just as most full professors have
done. He had even spent his “timein hell"
as he calls it. as an assistant professor on a
temporary appointment. knowing he
could be ﬁred by the school at any time,
without notice. if there was a shift in the
department plan or if the chairman didn't
like the way he did his biopsies or blew his
nose.

But even as an assistant professor
today. B. Stuffy snuffed. you live a lot
better than he did at first as a full

 

r

    

professor. The average assistant
professor teaching in a university today
that offers doctoral degrees makes about
$l8.000 a year, and can make as much as
$25.000. though some make as little as
$l2.000 a year.

But even that's a lot more than B.
Stuffy made during his standard six years
as an assistant prof., before being granted
tenure and promoted to an associate‘
professorship. Throughout his assistant
associate professor stage. B. Stuffy spent
a tremendous amount of his time on his
research. working to get his articles and
books published. Even so. it took him
several years to establish himself as a
nationally-known scholar and reasonably
good teacher as well. which enabled him
to get his promotion and the all-
important guarantee against termination
without sufficient justification. his
tenure. Although B. Stuffy wasn‘t making
the 525.000 21 year the average associate
professor makes today. he found his
associate professorship provided him
with quite a comfortable. upper middle
class existence 25 years ago.

Although the assistant professor title is
considered a prettymobile one.and many
assistant professors move to other
institutions for better pay or working
conditions. B. Stuffy preferred to stay at
Aﬂysuny U. His field was highly
specialized. and there was a tight little
knot of very bright and energetic
nematode people here, who had a lot of
potential. and B. Stuffy wanted to stay
close and work with them.

Professorship

- 7 Life amidst in. noundworms:
The need to Full

 

who 
r Wm...,,l,m

An unldentlfled typlcal T.A. Instructan a clue. (Photo: UPS)

Anysuny U. was fast becoming
recognized as the place to go for
nematodes. particularly if you were
interested in the drunk and storied
variety. Their department was attracting
a lot of students and grants. lirid recently
been granted a l’hd. program in
Nematodiology. and the flatworm people
were getting a little envious of them. After
all. once the nematode people established
themselves as international scholars rind
teachers, a bee line to full professorship
status was almost assured.

Well. that happened to B. Stuffy in ll
little over three years. when it usually
takes six to eight. But B. Stuffy was l'rist
becoming a leader in his field. rind the
school didn‘t want to lose him to one of
the bigger. better paying. or more
prestigious schools. because he was
internationally recognized as otic ofth
few people doing unique things with
nematodes. He had so outstripped most
of the Roundworm people. and even the
few nematode specialists rit Anysiiiiy U.
with his near - obssessive desire torelerise
subliminal emotional responses in
nematodes with alcohol and drugs. tlirii
the U. had to go by what interiiritionril
ncmatodians said. since nobody here
knew what the hell he was doing, So they
promoted him to ftill professor.

A full professor today criii milkc
anywhere from$20.000 to $40,000 if )erii.
but most make around $30000 for then
t . months. Twenty years ago. his sriliiil‘
enabled ll. Stuffy to move his .snirill
family into a fairly large house. .is well 

“Bjorn Stufford Academla...ls one of a

handful of leadlng Professors at

Anysuny U., an Internationally know"

leader In the flold of nomatodal

alcoholism and drug addlctlon.”

 

 

get to Europe once a year now if they
liked. rather than having to save for a
year or two like before.

It was at this point in his career B.
Stuffy went through a sort of post - full
professorship renaissance. as sometimes
happens when someone spends twenty
years of their life grinding away at
research and empirical production. He
rediscovered people. And the funnything
was. they had been sitting in front of him,
listening to him, taking down his words.
learning his theories and taking his tests
for 20 years. and he had only noticed
them slightly. as an annoying faculty
requirement. a responsibility akin to
walking your dog on a rainy winter night.

But suddenly. something shifted in
him. perhaps he fell into. researcher‘s
menopause. and he started getting
iiiVOlVed in teaching. and more than
that. in his students‘ attempts. failures
and successes at the learning process. And
he enjoyed their energy. their naivcte. and
their innocence. as they struggled to
become knowledgeable. corrupt. and
dull. And he realized the tremendous
responsibility he had toward these
people. and rose to it. rind fulfilled it. and
his students ate it up.

But then the weight of responsibility
began to get to him. his research had lain
fallow for several years. his publishing
had all but ceased. Nunderkinds in
nematodes, climbing the ladders he had
built. were fast approaching, and he was
not quite the deity he had been on the
international nematode circuit. He hadn‘t
been principal speaker at a symposium
for a year of or more.

And his students were wearing on him.
All the generality. having to spread
himself out to deal with each of them.
while each one of them only had to deal
with him. And the temporality. There was
no time to build up relationships with

these people. you couldn't invest yourself
too much, because they would be gone
soon. And even if you did. there would be
more and more, continually
accumulating each semester. piling up on
top of you until youyvere being crushed,
until it felt like they were eating you up.
and not just your ideas.

So he went back to his research and his
books and articles. and left humanity
behind. But nematodians everywhere
hailed it as the second coming. and offers
poured in from universities and think
tanks all over the world. So Anysuny U.
made him a leading professor. gave him
two labs for his research instead of one.
and ri whole staff of eager young T.A.‘s.
And so he stayed. and entrenched himself
deeper rind deeper in the comfortable
complacency of uppercrust academia.

It was from this lofty summit that B.
Stuffy looked out on his student's dislike
of him as ti teacher. charging him with
continually speaking over their heads.
avoiding them after class. not htiving
office hours. sneering at their wee-wee
brains. and being an all around nasty guy.
llut ll. Stuffy wasn‘t really nasty. licjust
didn‘t have tiriie for them anymore. After
rill. what he had gotten his doctorate for
anyway. so ninny years ago? To do
research. of course. and that‘s just what
he would continue to do.

He was one of the most respected
Roiindworm men in the world. had
served on Presidential Advisory Boards.
cliriircd international symposiums and
ciiltiirril exchange programs. and been the
recipient of hundreds of awards and
grants. And now. tit 60. he was only one
or two steps away from being the greatest
living authority on the turned—on
iiciiiritodc. find those one or two steps
were both over lit). He could wait a few
years to trike his throne on the top ofthe
iiioiintriiii.

 

 

According to 0.8. News and World Report, . .
‘ March 13, 1978, college Professors '

have one of the least stressful

white-collar [obs around.

Aspects now takes a look

at the leisurely life of a Professor._

 

 

Johnpoll calla Ilfe after tenure leleuraty. (Photo: Mlke Contlllo)

tita-

Profs' Pressures ﬂ Problem?

 

Llfe n It II In the college
teachan world.

 

 

 

o it“ university professors
retilly lend the line life of
leisure?
We took the very question
directly to the horses‘
mouthts. SUNYA‘s own ricridcmitins.
rind found that opinions on the subject
vary greatly. It became apparent that the
crucial frictor in determining one‘s
perceived level of stress was not onc's
subject. hilt ruthcr his reltitive position on
the riciidciiiic ladder. Hence the lowly TA
acknowledges the most profound need
for l’epto—Bismol. the non-tenured
professor less. tllld the fttll professor.
according to some. spends much time
munching on grapes and being cooled by
palm leaves.

Stove Outer

 

i‘l’tilll thc lA's standpoint. the most
potent source of pressure is the hassle of
ll student as well us it tcuchcr.
(‘oiirsc often interferes with
dcprirtiiiciitul responsibilities flllti vice
vcrsri. Stress results from trying to wear
tivo huts rit once without letting either full
tiff. .

"it‘s quite :i stressful position." sriid
psychology lA Mike Liiiilc. "You lift:
confronted with a lot of things lll once-
tcriching. research. course work and that
pressure stays with you constantly. It's
not tliciypc of thing you leave on campus
when you go home tit 5 pm."

Business school l'A Micheal li. Mine
ugrces. “It can be ii real problem around
ckiim tinie...l’hc problem is one of
identity; going from teacher to student
illllti brick rigiiiii makes it difficult to
enough attention to either

being
\vork

dcvotc
position." ‘
How do ‘l‘A's cope“! Well for the most

part. they rely on u standard method
remembered from their undergraduate
days: stringing it out until vticutiontime.
it is no accident that more tropicril travel
posters ndorn 'l'A office walls than they
do trrivel agencies.

‘l‘hc medicine cabinets of non-tenured
professors lliSO hold their share of
tranquilizers and antacids. Job security
becomes the cliiefciiuse ofanxiety at this
level. tind it crui be a particularly large
monkey to be shouldered if one has n
spouse or family. us many non-tenured
professors do. 'l'enurc requirements of
research rind publication can combine
with cliissrooiii rcsponsibilititsto create ri
lierivy workload.

"It‘s stressful all right." said non-tenure
business professor Niincy llegner.
"'l ryiiig to fulfill tenure requirements can
bc awfully difficult and tithe—consuming.
l-Zvcii llflCl' you've been iirotind for it while
ziiid get to know what‘s going on, you‘ve
got to wait out your tenure decision. That
in itself can be very stressful."

iilt' iisiiril procedure for tenure review
at SUNYA is for ri deptirtmcntnl
committee to vote insupport of or against
a tenure rippliciint. send approved
applicntions to the department chairman.
who then forwards it to it college level
review committee. They in ttirii vote
again on the application. and send it to
yet another committee for vote. after
which it is sent to SUNYA‘s president for
finiil approval. Now. if that isn't grounds
for an ulcer. I don't know what is.

Finally. if one is among the lucky who
are awarded tenure. lie is eligible tojoin
that select group of individuals knowniis
full tenured professors. Life in the big-
time is. depending on who one tnlks to,
everything from "early retirement" to
“highly stressful.“ Job security is

assured; that is. if one is able to avoid
nagging thoughts of retrenchments and
Phi) cuts.

It is understandable. then. that the
faculty seems to be divided into two
opposing camps regarding the amount of
pressure full-tenured profs must endure.

Political Science Professor Bernard
Johnpoll sums up the position ofthe “no-
stress" group when he says that “It's
leisurely. Once you get tenure you're
pretty much retired. and the only stress is

.t but which is created by internal feuding.“

Business Law professor Hugh Farley.
who also is a member of the New York
Strife Senate. agrees. "It's not stressful tit
till...professorsliip is so enjoyable and
invigorutiiig...it's ti welcome respite from
the stress of the state seniite.“

The opposite opinion is field by the
“ stress“ group. They hold that
professorship f.\' it stressful rind finic-
coiisumiiig position. or of hills! that it
certainly can be rit times.

English Professor Edward Jennings
sriid. “1 find it to be ii stressful position.
one that keeps me busy most ofthetime.“
Jennings once wns the chief officer in
charge ofthe brig iit ll nrivttl base. and siiid
that both jobs were “equally stressful."

Some professors were quite concise in
taking exception to the notion that their
occupation was "leisurely."

“l’-ll-()-0-l3~Y.“ said
Professor Williiim Rowley.

Whiit did we learn iibotit the life of ii
college professor"! Well. for those of you
entertaining iieiidemic aspirations. much
intestinal upset cnti be avoided by starting
at the top. History Professor G.J.
lhirker-Benfield voiced what is perhaps
the most apt appraisal of professorship:

“it is. simply. as stressful us one makes
it."

Journalism

 

