 

 

 

 

 

 

by Laurie Waters

Back in the ward l was greeted by some very
up—tight nurses. After some embarrassed
wierdnesses it got out. 'Someone‘ had
complained and would I please stop using
patchouli oil. When I protested that I didn't
use it, there was more uneasy silence and then
they said maybe Ijust smelled bad. Liberated
woman that I like to consider myself, I was
nevertheless totally mortiﬁed. “Let us smell."
said the MDs. and to my horror the troop
started making a nose-line toward me. "We
don‘t smell a thing," they said, as Ijust stood
there paralyzed. But for the rest of mystayin
that ward. l was the only one to get a fresh
supply of deodorant pads daily.

The routine explatory operation turned out
not to be so routine. When I woke the next
morning, the first thingthey said wasthatthey
had had to do the major operation after all,
and I should cough a lot or I‘d get pneumonia.
My fears soared immediately. but mostly I
could only think about the pain I was in.
"We'll give you some morphine." they
decided. I hadn't known that was the practice
but I was too far out of it to care much. and
then the dope made me feel so incredibly nice.
The trouble was that the pain came back in
two hours and there was not a way to get
another shot a minute short of four hours. So
by the time I actually got more, I would be
desperate with pain.

Days went by; I didn‘t feel any better. The
pain was always there: l couldn‘t eat or even
drink; my stomach kept getting bigger and
bigger. At last they called in the surgeon and
for the first time I heard something of what
was going on. It seemed all the trouble started
when the IUD had punctured my uterus.
causing an infection that spread a lot and
wrapped itself around my colon. This made up
a partial obstruction and Was very serious and
would no doubt call for another ' truly
horrendous sounding operation before too
long. But that's not the problem right now;
something had gone wrong and although. of
course. it's no one‘s fault. somehow my small
bowel had gotten obstructed and they would
have to open me and cut some more. ‘lt'sjust
one of those things." they said. But in a
carefully phrased conversation with someone
else, a surgeon new to the case slipped in the
words “possible adhesions“ — which refers to
terrible things that happen to mishandled
intestines.

The problem was getting beyond the realm
of gynecology. so I was now sent to a surgical
ward. This meant a new set of MDs. ofcourse,

 

Editor's Note: Second in a four part series.
Reprintcdfrum Undercurrents.

about I 0 more, bringing the score upto about 2
30 different doctors on my case so far. City. as
a teaching hospital, gets its interns from
various other hospitals. These interns rotate in
and out every three months and do time in
different departments while in City. So tfyou
are spending much time in the hospital, not
only do you have groups of people treating

you, thegroup keeps changingall the time. ( By ‘

the time I got out, there were at least a dozen
other doctors rotated on to my case and. in
returning for check-ups. still several more. No
one person had been involved for the whole
time.)

On the night of the day I came to the new
ward, l wassentdown for more X-rays. Stillin
total agony despite the morphine, I was put on
a cold hard table and told to wait. One hour
and 45 minutes later the doctor came. Bythen
I has beginning to feel as much anger as pain
and when I expressed some of my anger the
MD said that some people were sicker than
me. Anyway he took the X-rays and the only
thing gained by all that was —— to and behold

there was still some barium in my gut tract
and it was aggravating all the other problems.
(Later I found that barium caused obstruction
can result in swelling and bursting of the
intestines and that can be fatal.)

'1 he now inevitable third operation seemed
much like the other two. except that by now I
was thoroughly terriﬁed. Besides. the amount
of morphine I needed was beginning to freak
me out. especially when I had to face up to
how much I dug it. I decided that [just had to
begin to take. some how. much more control
over my own life and that I might well begin by
stopping the shots. It‘s amazing how much
strength that one act ofwill gave me. I realized
that I couldn‘t go on being overwhelmed by
everything that was being done to me. lnsome
way I had to ﬁght back if I was ever going to
get out alive without losing my mind.

One of the most intimidating aspects oflife
in a hospital is the doctors' rounds. Our ward
was crowded; twenty or thirty patients plus
visitors and nurses 7 simply huge numbers of
people. Amidst all that bedlam. there would
come six to twenty doctors in troops. Interns
would cluster around the great ones who
already had it made like boy scouts around the

_master. They would descend on one patient

after another surrounding her bed. usually
with curtains closed tightly about; sadly and
almost inevitably, the patient became
intimidated into subdued passivity. Far from
being concerned about harming patients. the
doctors are Very pleased with themselves.
Passivity is good in a patient in an MD's eyes
tor that is cooperation.

The doctors go still further. they increase

  

, .t‘ .‘ .“ " 

VieWPOi n

 

 

 

 

Communist Plot

To the Editor: . .
Pittman Hall is a minimum security prison
for SUNYA transfer students located in
Loudonville. Although complete with heat
and electricity. Pittman Hall is the ideal place
to take penance. go on retreat. cloister
yourself. or dry out. I

Formerly a school for Way Ward girls. and
in keeping with rules .tnd regulations.inmates
at Pittman are served a I2:l0 A.M. curfew
during the weekdays and a 2:00 AM. curfew
on Fridav and Saturday nights compliments
oI SUNVA bus service provided. A head
count is taken on every excursion although
there is no follow up on escapees.

A [CH strange events have aroused the
suspicion of Pittman residents. It has been
explained that the Telephone Company
accidentally filled the building with Natural
0:15 a few weeks ago. There has been no
explanation as to why the water runs brown
once or twice a week.

One Pittman Resident expressed much
distress suggesting that SUNYA was
conducting a “Pittman Experiment" in
cooperation with the science depanmcnt. If
not. he determined that either Pittman had
been built on top of a now leaking radiation

Pittman, after which Pittman is named, is
causing Residents to want to killeach other or
adapt an altogether complacent attitude
toward life - especially academics.

Rumors say Pittman residents have
contracted several illnesses since move-in.
Among them are dissentary, acne (especially

dump or that the discontent spirit ofBlanche

'ear pimples). hang overs. lingeringcolds h
nail, the desire to disco dance. I an!
Concerned uptown SUNYA residan
urged to interact with the Pittman People I"

Involvement

To The Edltor

The involvement campaign wassponsored
by Pan Hellenic Council (The Intersorority.
Interfraternity Council), Greeks are involvgd
in Academics, Athletics, Community, and
Friendship. True sororities and fraterniticsarr
social groups. however. they contributtto
more various local, regional, and
international charities not only through
fundraisers but with manpower its well. There
is a Greek member on more than 50% otau
campus affiliated groups. People say Greckt
are exclusive and have ridiculousinitiationx.
Contrary to popular opinion we no longer
swallow goldfish or visit graveyards. Times
have changed and so have we. the thing we
ask people to do in order to Jtllll tire practice
for working on various projects. In this way
we can evaluate their potential and sccfoi
what projects they are best suited, When M
don't accept someone for membership, it is
because they are not willing to work ortogit
involved. and for no other reason.
Involvement - It‘s your say in what goes on!

Part Hellenic Council

Frills: Alpha Epsilon Pi
Sigma Tau Beta

ltitt Kappa Epsilon
Sororities: (“hi Sigma Theta
Kappa Delta

Psi Gamma

 

 

 

the level of their intimidation by refusing to
talk to a patient as ifshe were in possession of
even minimum human intelligence. They
avoid saying anything meaningful in
understandable language and assume that
people are mentally unable to understand
anything about their own bodies and are
certainly unworthy oftaking part in decisions
about getting well.

“Doctor. I haven‘t been allowed to eat in
three weeks and I've lost ﬁfteen pounds
already. why can‘t I have some food,” I asked
one day. “You can't because you're a very sick
little girl." I was told.

()ne of my first acts of ﬁghting back wasto
demand to speak with some one doctor who
considered himself to be in charge of my case
and from whom I could legitimately expect to
get some straight information. Incredible as it

seems, this small and formally \ery proper
request was greeted with hostility l was being
uncooperative again. I began to see that the
most reasonable things are often Icttto bclhe
most dangerous to zipprotcd medical

practices.
Another way in which patients are kept
obedient is by the treatment oi \isitors.

Mostly, they are ignored. Visitors are it \‘llili
source of strength and reassurance tor patients
but this strength is undermined instead of
encouraged by the exclusion ot Visitors from
consultations and examinations or irom tln)‘
dealing at all with doctors and nurses Notits
vulnerable as patients, visitors tll't‘ \CCI] its. a
potential threat to medical illliilmll)‘; point
are taken to frustrate any illiltlttrc bctuecn
visitors and patients. (But dope. sex. liquor

 

 

 

 

FEIFFER

 

 

OUELW/

 

8V THE
DEXT

50.

AW 50

Is W “0%
THAT W

%95 ‘
FOE MILES.

   
  

smuggling is winked Ill.)

Y‘L.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

r "‘~ ‘-‘v- N~~~...,".s..._..‘, an..- as-

. »,-.~...a...._‘- J.- -.-

-...mm.._u-a... Mun-nu...

t

M An.» .4-..”- nnmm .4

 

 

 

 

v

a—wnww—u-mu—m in.-.

his cosmic energy

to the Palace.
See page 20

.4 a.. _«.. -.

 

 

