 

umbmaadcrmmma'

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Been down to the Hudson River lately? The
inique smell in the air and the murky brown
vater edged with slime show somethings
vrong. Who's responsible for the“river being
n this condition?

Hudson River Sloop Restoration. lnc. has
eleascd a Clearwater Polluter Report for
tlbany County. Thirteen industrial plants
vere named in the report as discharging
vastes sufficiently high in organic or inorganic
vastes. to signiﬁcantly alter the basic ecology
If the Hudson River. Included on the list is
Zoca Cola Bottling Co.. Niagra Mohawk. the
Vatervliet Arsenal. G.E.. Ford, and Tobin.
tpparently US companies primary interests
0 not lie in prescrvinga healthyenviornment.

FOr example General Electric. the second
trgest defense contracter in the US. dumps
4,850 pounds of solid material daily into the
tver from the Selkirk plant. With G.E.'s
ophistacated technological knowledge you
Iould expect they could remedy this situation.
iowcver their research priorities are
isewhere. They are the major developer ofthe
tutorpated battlefield" that was used in
jet Nam. G.E.’s contribution ltas been a
amoflaged sensor which is placed in the
round to register the vibrations from ttny
ving creature. it has no way to discriminate
etwccn a water buffalo ora child. but it sends
gnals back to a central computer which
utomatically dispatches a bomb to that
motion. While GE spent millions to
epersonalize murder in Viet Nam. they also
tted their money in Albany by contributing
) the destrttction of the Hudson River.

Pallution is Profit

‘u'e. n n . .

Another large defense contractor. Ford
Motor Co.. dumps 62 pounds of lead and 378
pounds of oil and yeast: in to the river daily,
form its Green island plant.

Tobin Packing Co. in Colonic descharges
5,700 pounds of solid substances and 850
pounds of oil and grease every day. This waste
has an extremely high bacteria count which
the Hudson River report suggests creates a
serious hygenic problem. However. the State
Department of Health has authorized Tobin‘s
discharge of waste as legal. Tobin‘s disregard
for public health is reflected in the products
they manufacture as Well. Tobin helps to
pollute out bodies by using harmful chemicals
like sodium erythorbate and sodium nitrateas
preservatives and to help retain color.
According to U.S. Department ongriculture
statistics the average hot dog contains about
26 per cent fat and only 13 per cent protein.
Therefore. if you pay 87 cents/pound for
hotdogs you are actually paying $6.70 per
pound ol’protein. Not only are we paying fora
food product sorely lacking in nutritional
value but Tobin isn‘t even usinga part ofthat
profit to combat their own pollution.

What all of the companies named in the
Clearwater Report have in common is that
their policies are geared towards making the
highest profits possible. it costs money to
install purifying equipment. it is cheaper to
simply discharge wastes untreated into the
river. Therefore under capitalism it makes
more “business sense" to choose the latter.
Pollution is profit and until our economy is
cltanged so that the good ofthe people is the
priority. pollution will continue.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Bad Grooves

To the Editor: .

Last Friday night, Albany State Ctrtetna
presented “The Groove Tube." After watttng
in line for at least an hour. we purchased our
tickets. As we entered LC l8, we were shocked
to find no more empty seats. In addition. at
least fifty people who had been standing
behind us werealso forced to ﬁnd non-existing
seats. Additional chairs were not supplied, nor
were we able to sit in the center aisle. The
result was chaos. People were forced to sit on
side aisles (where the view of only the ceiling
was clear). stand in the back. share seats. or sit
on the few available tables.

How can students be expected to enjoy a
movie when all they can think about is how
cramped and uncomfortable they are?
Apparently Albany State Cinema is only out
to make a back as they oversold tickets far
beyond the theatre‘s capacity. Ironically
students were not allowed to sit in the center
aisle as it was a “fire hazard."But didn‘t
anyone realize that admitting so many people
in one theatre was a fire hazard in itself?

Moe V. Goer

Council Replies

To the Editor:

It is regrettable that the ASP continues to
use its virtual monopoly on campus news
irresponsibly. 1 refer to the editorial of Sept.
26 concerning the golf team. l find
irresponsible the use of the word
"intimidated" as an adjective to describe
Central Council members who made a
sensible. informed decision.

Central Council, which initially approved
the golt‘appropriation. decided not to override
i’aul Fcldman‘s veto because they realized
that approval of funding for women's soccer
made it impossible to also approve the golf
budget without creating a defecit in the
Athletic Budget. Women‘s soccer not only
contains more team members. it also bring
lSUNY/K‘s sports program closer to the
requirements of Title lX. which forbids
discrimination against women in athletics.
This by no means makes the decision to cutthe
golf team any less painful. but it was an
unavoidable “choose one" situation. The $906
is no longer “a drop in the bucket" for SA‘s
athletic budget.

Perhaps the golftcam could be funded with
a fraction of the twenty—seven thousand

student tax dollars that SA has tied up
ﬁnancing the debt of the ASP, a news
corporation trying to go it on its own. The
deficit of this non-SA newspaper would surely
keep the golfers putting for a while.

Finally, in reference to SA "going big
business." yes. with thousands to serve, mass
programming within a limited budget does
take priority. The fact is that the seven players
on the golf team (who do have our sincere
sympathy) were not a group that many (ifany)
students want to cheer on. in fact. i wonder
how many even knew before now that there
was a golfteam. or how often that team Won or
lost _for the school.

That is. while some other teams may have
only slightly smaller appropriations per
player, it is not onlythe players but the greater
community which they are serving.

We are sorry to see golf go. and welcome
any interested people to help us procure state
funding to avoid such harsh necessities inthc
future. We are also sorry to scethe ASl’uscits
monopoly on the news to tell the story so
irresponsibly.

Mike I cvy
Central (‘ottncil

Bus Complaints

To the Editor:

A short while ago,therc was some discussion
about replacing SUNY buses with (‘DIA
service. At that time, this student hcltctcd
SUNY buses provided better service tor our
needs.

Recent policy Changesand certain olhet hits
procedures have made one bus ride: w—
cxaminc the above view.

I. No longer can commuters go tlircctlt tn
the 'l'railways or Greyhound bns terminals titt
the Wellington (we weretold this Friday) Will
this mean students will have to walk from the
Wellington. with luggage. to the bus stratum
even when the SUNY bus gilL’S in that
location?

2. How many times have you waited at .t
SUNY bus stop past Alumni Quad. as it hull
empty Wellington “express” waits at a ltght u
few feet away from them. and yet it can't put
them up because policy forbids it.

3. Why can't the Wellington "express" lcl
students offat the Western Ave.cntrancc'.’ lilt‘
bus stops at the stop sign anyway. It‘s a long
walk from the Gym to Shoprite.

4. We understand proposals for a shuttle
service between the Wellington and Draper
Hall is done to free a bus and cut down the
awful waiting time for a Wellington htts,
Suggestions for a true express has during peak

 

 

 

 

 

"3

 

‘ .\\i \
daddy

a,

 

 

 

 

 

78 sac. :3

 

 

 

