    

1
WW- .

W,
..____b.._,._._.~___~.———_

 

 

 

 

 

Monday will he Black Solidarity l)a_\ lhis
day is lrttdtlttmall) the first Monday in
\oscmber. the da) that precedes lilcctton
l)i|}. ()n this day Black people. all people of
Alrican heritage. are not supposed to go tti
work or school. lnstcad. black people attend
ﬂClHlllcS wrthiii their communities.

these actnuies prottiote unity. 'lhey
increase the tarious cultures and expressions
of thought within the Black community.

lhe Albany State lintscrsit) campus
contains a diversity of people with African
roots We have people directly from the
African continent. Latinos. West Indians. and
Afro-Americans. They are ('athoth.
l’roteetants. Moslems. and atheists. They

speak English. French. Spanish. Portugese.
Swahili. and many other languages. Yet they
all share similar histories. all eat the same
foods. and all share common destinies.

We will he commemorating Black
Solidarity Day byjointly sponsoring activities
with Albany State University lllack Alliance.
l‘uerza latina, ’an-Caribbean Association.

 

   

 

Ilh.‘ Alrican and ‘\lfl|';\n‘i'.‘flt.'tln Studies
department. and other groups lilticlt and
l.|lltl students are asked to staf. out of class
and attend the day‘s atria: s ‘ilc “Ill be
'Jttittfll'll.’ black L'ltlllllng or 3.4.]. armhands.
liiis still s:.iiihtilt/e our solidarity

\\ c at; lld‘ulllg .i .‘lltH ic and a seminar ol the

current \llualltifl m \outh Africa and
Rhodesia. the panelists are names of these
countries. -\ section ot the (‘aribbean will be
demonstrated by a \Nest Indian band.
Ilispantc cultural dances Will be performed by
l-iicrla lattna's latino Dancers and Burundi
Dance lroupc \Hll perform African dances.
kcprcsciitatnes trotti varying parts of
Albany's Black community “ill bespeakingat
\.irious Itntcs during thc day.

Black Solidarity Day is an opportunity to
apprccuitc the Black Diaspora, llopelully.
ltlaclx people will be able to build arid work
together towards thcir common destiny. l’an
( .iiibbcan .>\ssociatiou's motto best expresses
“lack Solidarity Day: "Many ('ultures. ()nc
l'coplc."

 

 

 

 

 

Safety ﬁrst

To The Editor:

I have become increasingly remindCd arid
infuriated by the luck ufseeurtly at SUNYA:
on and around campus. as well as offcampus
(downtown dorms). This evening I witnessed a
man pacing back and forth outstde Alden
dorm (Alumni QUBd). th’cupon I
questioned his presence (to myself): Is he
waiting for someone. has he misplaced his
keys. yet he could enter the dorm Just ‘by
someone opening the door - no! questioning
whether he lived there.

That there were several incidences of
women being harassed in the bathrooms on
Alumni. doesn‘t seem to be a matter of
concern anymore. Why is it that only when
incidences of rape or harassment do occur. do
some become concerned? Is it not feasible.
sensible and necessary to prevent such
desastating occurences.

Is it "lair" that wotnen walk around campus
potential \ictims‘.’ 0r walk in fear'.’ Does it
disturb anyone that a woman was recently
raped on campus'.’ llicre exist no emergency
phones (purposeful for ANY emergency), one
larch liiids security on campuslwalking. that
is) and the lighting arotitid the campus center
is deplorable,

(liven these external misgivings. I propose:
lIHIl the problem is many fold; in that attitudes
ol people seem incorrigible. Herein lies the
crux til what lat least -am sayingisa very real.
distinct and disturbing problem. l’arroting.
"It won‘t happen to me“ is the syndrome
worthy ol more attention than last myletter.
In his current role as Minority Leader Mr.
l)uryea strongly protested Carey proposals to
('11! [AP aid. There are some other interesting
lacis about our present goVernor‘s treatment
of higher education. He had advocated free
tuition at City University of New York during
his campaign. (iovernor Carey (‘MI hack aid to
City University and tuition was imposed in
1970. Also. as a candiate. Carey promised the
Student Association of SUNY that he would
stabilize or decrease State University tuition.
His budget rats have resulted in tuition
increases of SIOO per semester. The word
which continually appears is “cut” when
speaking ofotir present State Executive. this is
not an association beneficial to higher
education. As a student I feel the choice is not
a difficult one. l’erry B. Duryen has shown his
commitment to Higher Education arid
continues to do so through concrete
accomplishments. With Perry Duryea 1 can
not help but feel that higher education is a

 

priority. not a hollow promise.
J"WPh Fnrneti
Stathuad

we Have No
Problems Here

To the Editor:

A letter appearing in Tuesday's ASP. which
had much to say about “Camp Pittman" in its
tareastic references to Pittman Residence
Hall. deserves refuting. No thought we! given
to the Residence Director(Mike Welchlortti
the R.A.'s who were publicly humiliated in
this letter. The tasteless and taetless author
evcn lacked the courage of his/her convictions
to sign the letter.

Pittman Residents also deserve an apology
for having had their dorm unjustly described
and therefore degraded.

We are not “mischievous children" .n a
summer camp. as was stated in the lclll'l h.-
are adults who are trying to make the best ol a
hung situation that was involtintaiil) plated
upon us. Any strict tactics that has: been
implemented as a last resort. ha\c llL'L'll lll
tcaetiii to just a lIaIitI/ul ol disrespcttttil and
immature residents at l’ittinan

In the past few weeks. thcsc leis halt;

damaged property that is costly to icpan
llicy have also become intositunctl to the
dangerous point ol grossly iincoiitiolit-tl
behavior. [his behavior has the pttlt‘ll'itil lo
put many lives in danger. as \sas seen this not
weekend. I cite an incident uln li lll‘.
extinguishers were falsely (lcpll'lL‘tl i.ti.“lllL’
smoke. resulting in fire alarms bciny sonnilul
aitd eiacuation ol the building at it”! .i In
that estinguishcr is there in the L'\L‘l‘il ol .l lL‘.|l
emergency, and fire dep‘t is meant to he called
in an actual lire.

Many incidents have preceded this. and
residence staff here has been disctett- tnoneli
not to report names to the Uniicrsitt l'iilitc
lor these actual misdemeanors. lhcsc and
other attempts to detil With the situation
rationally, have cost the staff humiliation in
art ungrateful coward who writes a biased and
untrue version of a story.

It should he emphasiled that \\'ltt:lllL‘l hunt!
on or off campus. or whether lising in quartets
voluntarily or not. certain adtilt bullilHtll ls
expected. as is it margin of reasonable

deviation. But such damage to a dorm hi it it“
people. and a letter which tolloiis.
condemning those who have tried to male lltls
a pleasant and sitcccssliil dorm. is beyond in)
i'calni or reason.
.Icnnic Klalllt‘l

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

I WEUT TO 8617
005 MIGHT wlTll

TOO M v
COHPLi‘lSlUMTS -

 

  

(T JOIMEP HV TEETH

 

AL)? 5 5, l THE
medallion
VERSOU—

 
 

 

 

it) THE HOEUIMG I OPENED W 1 @8360 W
I emu Ot/lll AW 5 as is—
w 95% TH wags  CAME Bl’i/EFAXUII}?

KIM/we W5- THE‘K FELL 0W.

 

VKK Fm tau/INK mmmu

wiio SAID,“ c in
no? aw w CA

 
   

 

 

a.

   
  

109w as A GREAT
access 5056 our
Elm Soéie‘rc/ GIRLS, "

WWW) UP ll)
ggEOPLEI'IH D6Ll6ltT—

MVSELF W
I 
cane OFF to W HANDS.

P *7
HAPPENED E ME.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

letl

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sprlngstecn

fans In droves.‘

Soc pogo 30

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(ptouoa't qoa low-id)

 

t1!

