 

 

 
 

A soot securiner STORE
20% Offon Danskins
'with this ad

Expires April 22. I978

8l3 Madison Ave.
Between Ontario :1 Quail
Open Mon-Fri [0-9
Sat 10-6
465-8903

 

00W ,

continued from page one

Were apparently moving a broken
stage unit from the Assemble Hall
into the foyer, which serves as a
storage area. Several stage units
were being used by the Burundi
Dancers .for their fashion show,
which was part of ASUBA‘s Black
Awareness Week.

Martin said he was at home on
Saturday afternoon when Plant
Department Maintenence Shop
Coordinator Don King called. and
asked him to shut off the water pipe
which services that section of the
campus center.

“When i arrived, that whole area
was roped closed," Martin said.
"The water was still flowing when I
got in."

Plumbers sealed off the broken
pipe yesterday. according to Martin.

 

 

 

W‘

Let Us Help You
We Can Duplicate:

Thesis graduates keep
Reports ahead of the
Resumes end term rush!
Flycrs

0N:
bond paper. rag
colored paper

a friendly
staff to

help 8: card stock

udVlSC coated stock Pl Ug.
 JOBS ‘Bfiidlng
   Collutlng
(on most Jobs) Reducing

take SUNYA bus to QutillSt.

'5

MW

00. INC.

r .COUGHTRY
lizss Central Ne. many, NY 12206 sis-4632192

OPEN M0 -Fﬂi.8t05 THURJILB P.M..SAT 9-5

A College Degree
and no plans?
Become a
Lawyer’s Assistant

and put your -
education to work.

it you will soon be receiving or do

b market which has not yet ymoet yotiiegxgggtall'drlilng a
feres your invitation to another opportunity: The wizrld
gmt'i'ige'eg)?l :sgstam.ai"op can be trained to be a skilled
:mstandlng and iictlvge cargo? mm the “mm” m an
' yourself an advantage I mule Adel
instructional “.rt'i" "iiimilg
m I.“ "um". I I put the manuals tirlt count In

Specialize lsi [opium lentils—Estates, trust I Ill
uses-Utlntlos-lul Estate and Mortgages-«ii stroll-icy“:

For I tree brochure about this career 0 ortun

lt
emu. in“:  nears i'li""‘""i iii-""4:
University, cure-n oi . uni. n75... ' ' M mmm' “up”

 

 

 

Name
Address

City_-_“____State.___
my Programs
[1 Spr'in 78El
e rua ‘Ma 12
[:1 Summer 51A78— y
uno - u ust 25
['1 Fall 1978-— 8
Sept. 25-Dec. 15

Phone Cp_4 8

ﬁll».
Evening Programs

[:1 Spring-Summer—

Marcii 7-August 29

[:1 Fall-Winter—
Sept. 12-Mar. 20, 1979

' its occurrence wrru
rue narrow. course

"I"... "mun." roe runner. you...“

 

LL

 

AdelhlUl lodmlto tudets
mall) and" Mt an to "mg." i’lalo:°."rll£'a.‘"§l’"‘$l
_..._.——.

PAGI TWO

rind the water valve was turned back
on, Workers tore up about l20 yards
of carpet from the floor of thc
Fireside Lounge and an adjoining
area in front of a nearby elevator.
Carpeting was also takcn up
yesterday from the stairway Icriding
between the first rind second floor
lounges at that end of thc building.

Alrutz said the Plant Department
plans to replace the carpeting on the
stairs and in front of the clcvritor .
but will leave bare it large section of
the floor in thc Fircsidc Lounge until
new crirpcting is ordered.

“We don't have enough carpeting
to do the whole thing," he said. The
cost of replacing the carpeting will
conic to about S|2 per square yard.

The present crirpcling in the
lounge lll’cll is about ten ycrrrs old.
sirid Alrutz. The whole lollngc rug
will have to be replaced eventually
bccrrusc of the flooding. he said.

Magazine Offers
Space 0n Shuttle

by Diana Kuhland

A new litcrrrry publication has
rcscrvcd room riborird tin curly flight
of lllt: U5. Spricc Shuttlc forti scicn-
lific experiment. and has invich
groups and inidividunls to submit
ideas for consideration.
Editors of thc mrigaziric Quest 78
said the purpose in rcscrving tlrc
spricc is to help mrikc the program
accessible to deserving cxpcrimcn-
tors who hick resources to develop
rind f'irrrtncc such projects on their
own. in addition to donating the
rcscrvritiorr to the winning projcct.
Quest will also share rhc N.A.S.A.
f'ccs rind dcvclopincntril costs. dcpcn-
ding upon the cxpcrirncrrtor's f'inrin-
cral nccds.
Projects submitted can be in
rilmost any field. ranging from
astrophysics to medicine. economics
to molecular biology. Quest will give
special consideration. however. to
proposals which promise sonic
tririgiblc. significant bcrrcfit to
humankind. such as the crrrdicrrtron
of discrrsc or more efficient energy
use.

projccts will not be corrsrdcrcd.
Deadlincforthcsribmittingof ll
drrrtt of an experiment is Scpl. l
l9’7tl. All experiments must be con:
cervcd and planned to fit into ri con~
tiirncr measuring fivc cubic feet. rind
must weigh less than 200 pounds.
IArry individuals wanting to suh~
run it proposal should write it suc-
crnct dcscription of their idea in 500

diagrams. In addition. Quest editors
are requesting a resume listing infor-
mation which would indicate the
applicant's ability to carry out such it

 

project.

   
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
 
 
  

 
  
   
  
  
  
 
    
 

lter May Negotiate For Moro’e Lite

ROME (AP) Italy's ruling Christian Democratic Party has in
might modify its refusal to negotiate for the life of former Pit-mi
Moro. kidnapped by terrorists a month ago, but the Communists iner (judo
government to remain ﬁrm. Christian Democratic leaders mcl lOEchlhe
hours Sunday to discuss the announcement from the Red Brigades in1 [Ft
organization that a “people's court" had sentenced Moro to dcairiim
statement issued after the meeting said the party. while “aware of card "A
before the nation“ was “anguished about the life of (More) and lhcrcf mm
the humanitiarian level we feel that this life must be spared by rilljuriill'reon
possible and legitimate means." The party, of which Moro is pres‘llmny
repeatedly rejected demands by the Red Brigades through lctlcrs wriiil crjj:
Moro for the release ofjailed terrorists. Fifteen of them are on trial in in ‘)
on charges of sedition. However. the Christian Democrats ricrcr have riillij
out the possibility of buying Moro's freedom with ransom miruc\ l a
friends or family. ' mm h“

dicrrtcd it

Talks Called to Avert Nursing Home Strike

NEW YORK (APlPrivate mediator Eric J. Schmertz callcd both sides but
together Monday in an attempt to prevent a continuing nursing ironic dispuic
from-erupting into it new strikc. Officials of the Metropolitan \‘cri i'oik
Nursing Home Association and Service Employees 1 ocril 144 “L'fi
summoned to a midtown location that was not madc public l’cicr Unit-i

president of the local. meanwhile scheduled a meeting of his dclcgiilct llilii
p.m. lucsdrty at the Americana Hotel to report on the ricu L‘Il\l\ resulting
from refusals by employers to pay a negotiated wage increase rrrrril higher
Mcdrcrrid reimbursement rates are effected. The state sicppcd tlllit lllt’ llL'll
disputc lrist Friday. threatening to trike over the nursing lltilllu. Ill iririclr
H.000 elderly patients fch the impact ofa four-day stridc llr.rr \ll’lkt‘ \\ I\
ended April 7 by rccommendntions rnrrdc by Sclrmcrrl. sch rug .is ll tctlcriil
nrcdiritor. Schmcrtl. said Monday that, as arbitrator of the Itcu titllllilLl. llt'
plans to expedite examination of the finances of the X4 lllll\lllj_' liirnlcx lllitl
are members of the association or follow its prrttcrn. the pin [iilw “1” hurt.
sec if their Mcdicriid rules are ridcqrratc to cover opcrrrting t1|\l\

Lost Nuclear Device No Cause For Alarm

NEW DELHI. India (AP) Primc Ministcr Morrir‘ji Dcsrii siiril \lirllil.r\ lllilld
nucfcrir monitoring device was lost intlrc Himalayas in |‘)(r5 dui mg .l llllnloll
carried outjointly by the Unitcd Strilcs rind lndiri "with tlic .ippmrsl IlllllL'
highest political levclofthc govcrnmcnt ol'lndia at the time." but llli' [\lllllt‘
minister told Parliament there should be no cause for iiliuni .ilmui pimihit
ruduition poisoning. lrr rr l.200-word report to Parliament. Item: innlu rucd
Iltc brrsic dctuils of an American rnlrgrilinc srory published ltlsl \u-ct uhrili
outlined super-secret expeditions into the world‘s highest niuriiiriiim Ill rhi-
l960‘s to PlitnldCV‘lCCS to monitor missile development in Chino I he dcvich
porvcr unit. containing two to tirrcc pounds of plutonium-3.18 Ill "It-.rtriglir
capsules.“ was left behind in ii bli/rrrrd about 23.000 feet up \lillllll \urila
Dcvr. Dcsrii srrid. It could not be found the following spring licinrrsc ol All
rrvriliinchc. he said. “it unfortunate that nature intervened in lilt'\i‘lll rur llll'
future. ills we now find it. a continuing source of iipprclicrision unit .ll'.\|L'l.‘-"
Dcsru srrld. “However. as far as lscc. no crrusc f'orrilrirrri ori gr numb ul llﬁi’l"
or cnvrrorrmcntril hrrrrrrds exists."

:anamanlan Students Protest Against U.S.

ANAMA (I I Y. Panama (AP) Panamanian nrrtionril griiiiilurrcn tumor
'9‘” tins grcnudcs broke up u dcrrronstrution today by srudciii oppuncnlwf
lllc‘l)lllllllnll Crrnril trcrrtlcs who hurled red. white lillll blrrc Pilllll tilllhll'l‘
rigrrinst the US. Embassy wriils. About l00 University of Panama \llltlL'llh
had rnrirchcd on the embassy. carrying signs rcriding "Reject lllt' Iii-nun"
and passing out hrindbills crilling for “An find in Us, ('(jlnnlillhlll " -\hurrr
30 gurrrdsnrcrr hrid been stationed of thc embassy, rind lllL'\' lit-gun INHEW‘
lllls when the dcmonslrutors flung priint cirriistcrs lit the hiiililinp it \\;r.\ not
known immediately whether there were any injuries orrirrcsts. llic iriiirclr lrrid
been organized in front of thc uriiicrsity law school its lllllltllr'tl\ oi olllL‘l
Toll7dcnls watched curiously and ii buslorid of gruirdsmcn m ncnrlu “W
by  ‘:Pcncd today in Prinrrrnrr ultcr biting postpirncil iiricc “cub
U 5 SI I | I“) thd U“POSSIMCsllldcnldislur'bririccsrrrri-.niririilollrr

. . - crrirlc debate on lhc crinril trctitrcs.

. ~ .
Strictly commercull or military Chf’PllH? body Stolen For Religious Reasons
[.05 AN(:M.ES (AP) Clirirlic Chaplin‘s body was stolen from |l\ \um
grave last month not for ransom bur bccriusc lic wrrchwisIr
jitz’zzzlrlmliy lOld whcrc the body lriid bccir trrkcn. the /.(I.\ .‘lngr/iw Iliiii/il-
"éwpupé: :‘up‘l’r‘lw de- Jrimcs llricon. ii Hollywood Icpnllt’l lirl lhr‘
Churn“ {mid 0th II ﬁlo-urea close to the Chaplin family as saying. " l llt' iht-Ir ol
N” n" j  Tm“ "-5 firm/C Is strictly a lllltllcl’ of religion lllltl iiorlnngi-Iu-
“‘0'” W‘“ dc"'""dt‘d 11nd Lady Chuplin was told lllHllL‘tllillt'l) \hlll'll'

.irid lllN \\||l||\\

"mm “"d "l" “Odie “Hum szrrrl he did not know whiu Mrs. t‘implin hard

dom- \ ‘ . ‘
llllldtll‘illli:()dy' She “mm "m ht“ reached for comment. llricon \illll fltr‘
. - - ii,- sourcc Mid n .J_ . . H _ .
W( V. , I on LWISI “ v. . i.. i. .hm‘ din
)rds or less and enclose necessary the 1 families Wlltiht. rclirtrics um i

ccrnctcry ut (.orsicr-Sur-chey opposed the presence of Chaplin‘s boil)

a ~ .
Alix‘r‘noved  Chn‘Plrn. lwho was born ir Jew. died Christmas Hit) in rule ill-l.
low” "18}: soon is bwrss source. Oona Chaplin was norivicd ol lllt.‘ bod)”

on w" m 24 hours m" P disappeared. No ransom has been dcinrrrrded

for th . . .
s .00 z: ""hough Ch“Plin s estate has been estimated to ht: in lullh l”

ALBANY IWDINT Pull

J

APRIL 18. 1979

  

Ul'thMNNL Klll.AK()l-l-

NYPIRG Chair Eric Edwards said that. It the Student Alliance

members were better organized. they could form a more effective

lobbying group. The Alliance is sponsoring a phone-In campaign this
week. In an effort to Influence state legislators on various issues.

by Nancy Gleason

in an effort to get students in-
volved with issues not directly
related to SUNYA. a group of
S UN YA organizations known as the
Student Alliance is conducting a
five-day telephone lobby this week in
the Campus Center. According the
N Y l’l RG chairperson. Eric
Edwards. however. only three ofthe
eight Alliance member
organizations are participating.

Tables and telephones have bccn
set up in the southeast corncr of the
Campus Center first floor and are
being manned by members of the
various organizations bctwccn l0
am. and 3 pm.

The telephone project is an
attempt to get students to crrll tlrcir
legislators and cxprcss their view-
points on ri number of different
issues.

Some of the issues with which the
phone-in is concerned include: cuts
in EOP stipends. NYI’IR(i's“bottlc
hill". and the removal of tire health
fcc.

NYPIRG. SA, ()CA. the three

SUNY Paper Covers Legislature

by Robert Blasenstein

SUNY students are producing a
weekly paper covering the state
legislature through an internship
program sponsored by SU NY New
Piiltl.

A combination ofjournrilisrn rind
political science majors. headed by
cditoi'-irr—chicf Mason Rossitcr
Sririth. receive a full scmcstcr‘s credit
for publishing the Legislativc

(iii/.cltc.

The program was formulated by
Ice Hincs rind Project Director.
Alrin Churtok. both of SU NY New
Prrltl. “We had terrific success with
political science internships and tr lot
of students were able to gctjobs. So
we figured it would work for jour-
niilisrri." sriid Churtok.

But because ofzi funding problem.
the program which is open to all

Phi Beta Kappa Society
Inducts New Members

Phi llctli
irltlcst lllltl
tlcr'gr'rrduriic llhcl'fll iirts \‘ClllililSllC
honor society. uill rrrtlucl fort)-
\L‘u‘rr Sl‘Nl'A students into
incinbcrsliip this lucsdriy rrt 2r drrrncr
lll lllr: Campus Center llrillroorn.

'\ SllNYArilurnnuswrll alsocntcr'
thc ol‘gtllll/illltm on lucsdriy.
Mrirgrrrct Eli/.ribcth Wcit/rrcr Jones.
nou ti lull prof’cssorrit the University
of Kentucky. will be inductcd by
spcciiil r‘ccornmcndritiori.

Scion second scrncstcrjunior’srind
[no first scrncstcr seniors Will be in-
duclcd iis junior Plri lictrr Krrpprr
irrcrnbcrs. lhc rcqrtircriicnrs for
which lllL' more rigorous tlrrirr nor-
lllill lltcsc rrr‘c:

llcbiri Curtis.
Nutnlic Dclhi'ricco.
Icclrriolog); llrrr‘brrr'ri chcs.
Miitlicrnritrcs; ltstlrcr Rubin.
Biology; David Rrillo. liiology; lzric
Sclcor. b’lrirhcrnnlics; chr'ri Silrcr.
Psychology; Willirrrrr 1’. Hayes.
Political Seicncc; ('rrr'ol
llollingshciid. Psychology; Robin ll.
Killcrrriiin. Urology; ltllcn ll.
Siopsky. Physics; Kirrcn A.
Sirilgrrilrs. Chinese Studics.

llirr'ly-fnc students Will be Ill-
tlllL‘lL‘ll zrs sccorrd scrrrcstcr scrriors.

llicsc rirc KL‘IH‘CL‘ZI l.. llrrr'ncs. Psy-
clrologr. llclcir R liouurriri.
Mriilicrririiics. James P. Itr'iinricn.
l'll)\fL‘.\. liiucrcncc H. Cohen.
l'limcs. (\lillL' l-. ('oirpcr. English;
(uridrncr' W. Cross. (icologictil
Scicricc rirrtl Chcrrirslry; llcrrritrr
l‘i'riiik. Music and (icogrrrpliy; Lin-
dii l.. l‘uguI/i. Rhetoric and Cornv
rnurricriliorr; Andrew C. Gilbert.
Philosophy; chf'rcy N. Hurwilz. Phi

APRIL 18. 

Kirppir. llrc nation's
Illrrsl prcsiigiorrs llll-

Mir 1 lrcrniitrcs;
Mcdiczil

Biology: Mitchell li. Krillcr'. llrology
rind Psychology: llctlrrihy l.. chcli.
Miitlrcrruitics: Arthur W. Ko/irr.
Biology: .lrimcs Luffcrty. Biology:
Dorrrrrr M. firing.Cornputchcicncc
rind Applied Mathematics; Mrirciu
Lchcnhiium. History: My M.
lcr'ricr. Biology: Peter S. Levy.
I;conomics and Business Ad-
ministration; DillllL‘l l’. Lynnrn.
Biology; Michricl Maslrrndurro.
Political Scicncc; Tcri (i. Nigro.
Mntlicrnrrtics; Douglas R. Puync.
English: Jonirtlurn Pcnn. History
rirrd English; Phyliss A. Porlcr. Psy-
chology; Susan P. Rilcy. Biology;
Susan li. Srrtkowski. Economics;
Sririiircl A. 'lcrilli. Rrr inn and
lzrislcrri European Studies; (ilcrr A.
Vulrjcn. Chemistry: Judith Van Dyk.
Russian; David (E. Wirdc. English;
Mclrrnic R. Weiss. Biology and Psy-
chology; lilliot Wcit/rnrrn. Corn-
putcr Scrcncc and Applied
Mrrtlrcrrinlics; llrnrrr Whitehead.
lacorionrics; Kinrhcr R. Work. Greek
and Rornrin Civili/irtion.

Murgrrr'cl Wcit/rrcr Jones. who
grudrrrilcd from SUNYA in 195‘).
hclor‘c tlicrc was it Phi llctrt Kappa
t'hriplcr' here. was recommended
tlllll ricccptcd by it special cornnuttcc
chaired by History Professor
(‘athcrinc Ncwbold. llrc committee
only considers crindrdrrtcs no longer
lll\'tll\L‘tl in ilrrdcrgriiduutc study.

Jones is only the fifth alumnus to
become fl member of Phi Beta Kap-
pll after leaving SUNYA. rind the
first since I974. Newbold said.

The initiation ceremony Tuesday
is open to faculty members of Plil
Beta Kappa. and friends and
relatives of those being inducted.

 

SU NY students almost didn't get off
the ground. The Gazette received an
allocation of $4600 for the year. in-
cluding printing. Students must pay
for their own living expenses in
Albany and many were unahlctogct
out of their previous housing com-
nuttmcnts.
Circulation 2000
The circulation of The (ittlcllt: is
2000 copies. must of which go to the
lcgislritivc buildings and government
offices. If The (irrlctlc plans on iri-
crcrising its distribution it will need
more money since ridvcrtising is
prohibited. The stuff is presently try-
ing to sccrrrc tlic needed funds l'ortlrc
spring semester to keep The (iii/cite
"in print" for at least another ycrir.
thn the pirpcr niadc itsdcbut on
i'cb 2|. it stritcd a twofold purpose:
“to render it useful informational
scrvrcc to the mcrnbcrs of thc
l.cgis|rrturc" rind. second “to provide
ti valliriblc educational experience
for journalism and political scicncc
sludcrrts in SUNY colleges." Ncws
[Editor (ilcrrn Doty. ll student at lim-
pirc State College. would like to sec
The (irilcltc focus on “issues in the
Legislature that don't usually com-
mand primary attention."
Regardless of their problems. the
20-rncrnbcr stuff of The (iazcttc
manages to put together. without
advertisements. it full cighl page

Fountains

by Seth 'l‘llles

The fountains rii SUNYA will be
flowing on Mary 5. two weeks earlier
than usual in honor of Hurnrrn
Awrrrcricss Drry.

Human Awareness Day is the
CllllillllilllOll of the Hurnrrn
Awrrrcncss Program which is design-
cd to open up cornrriunicruion
rirnorig faculty. studcrrts. rid-
rnirrstrutors. rind stuff. according to
program Ililllilltir Mikc Lissncr.

lhc spouting lountriins Will
pr'mrdc background for live crrtcr-
tuirirncrrl rind frcc beer on the
podium. said Lissncr.

“The idcrrls of MAP include
counteracting the effects of struc-
tural coldness and academic corn-
pctitiveness at SUNYA according to
Central Council member Peter

 Alliance conducts Phone'Lob

groups involved at this point, are
providing students with facts sheets
outlining the arguments in favor of
various bills currently before the
legislature. Edwards said an attempt
is currently being made to involve
ASUliA. SASU, SUM. Fuerza
Latina and the Feminist Alliance.
the rcmainingfivcgroupsintheeight
mcmbcr Alliance.

ASUBA President Lois Campbell
attributed the lack of that
organization‘s participation to the
fact that they were deeply involved
with last week‘s Black Awareness
program. Edwards speculated that
other groups may have had similar
reasons for not participating.

Membership of 450

Besides the goal of involving on-
crrrnpus students with off-campus
issues. the telephone lobby also sucks
to strengthen the unity of the
Alliance rind make S UN YA it visible
and viriblc lobby in the state
legislature.

The Student Alliance has ri corri-
bincd mcmhcrship ol'rrpprosiniritcly
450 people.

“If .we can mobilize these
members, I think we could be on
effective lobby,” molds lipid. -

In a memo sent out last week to all
Student Alliance groups, Edwards
called the phone campaign effort
crucial to the continued success of
the alliance.

“[Tbe phone project‘s] success is
contingent upon an active participa-
tion from each group." the memo
said. “If this works. we will try to es-
tablish a permanent structure forthe
Student Alliance Organization.“

SA President David Gold called
the telephone lobby a “different ap-
proach to lobbying“ and emphasized
the potential impact telephoning
could have over more traditional
letter writing lobbying efforts.

If the lobby is successful this week.
lidwnrds said a similar program
would probably be tried again. He
added. however. that such an effort
could be limited by financial
restraints.

lliis chk‘s telephone lobby is
costing $130. and is being funded
L‘tlllitll)’ by SA and NYPIRG.

 

 

The

Legislative Gazette

 

 

 

vorvm I.I|‘MIII i

on. m. r.-

 

.4 m m and I...“ I‘lln’lxI-dnu
loo-tn; .. n. m... I...

 

i... .... .. i. m... .. i. in... "a...
..

 

u- m”... a... m i.- barr— .. a.
one"...

 

Aruro. run run

State aid, Taylor Lcrw
top school meet agenda

.4 mum iii-um _ . ....

 

.. wt... “on... nu .. a...
in... .- n... mum—iwnimn
7...... r n..."

.
us . m.-. .. .... .r n ......
w ‘l I'.‘ u. n.» nth-:u-mnrnhuMe-aw-«nlu

u .t. n... .

Mum... ll luenmidm-u-l

mom—u a...“ I! .«m tom" .u .
“mu-«m.

maritum

.. m. .- m t... .l moo-c- w...“ mum—nan.
ad‘n .a in. . i. n... 4 when .u n.»
a. .. i. ou-

 

-- —..m-~...- mum-

 

 

 

Muwum Iin--. w
Jinn-‘qurL-‘er‘

 

 

 

   

  

war...
In

n-t—u .—
w... in nr .. e um... 4 n. novel-I
i...

  

 

 

The Legislative Gazette. a weekly paper covering the legislature. la
produced through a journalism-political science Internship program.

papcr chkly. with each rcportcr
rrvcrrrging between three rind fivc zir-
ticlcs an issue.

Although assignments are given
out criclr \vcck to the reporters. ric-
cor'ding to journalism student
Charles DcChristophcr there is ri
good amount ol'writing freedom.

To Flow For HAP Day

(illlllssti.

Instructors rirc hcinguskcd to cori-
duct their classes in rclrrtion to the
HAP thcrnc.

Although this your tlrc fountains
will be on curly. in recent years the
number of hours the fountains are
forming has reduced to conserve
energy according to Plant Deport-
mcnt Director Frank Kopf. They are
turned on rclrrtively lrrtc in the year
to prevent frccling problems such as
bursting pipcs rind icy stcps rind
walkways.

Only two fountairisrr—thc orrc in
the front of the Campus Center rind
the out: it! the base of thc acadcmic
podium are functional. but there
are four additional fountains in the
library courtyard which will remain
dry.

ALBANY IT-UDIN‘I‘ PRIBS

llc obtains a copy of the Com-
mittcc agenda each Monday and
meets with legislators and aidcs
rcgarding topics that interest him.
Thus for he lrrisdonc articles ranging
form the risc of certain ethnic groups
in the Senate and Assembly to the
abortion issUc.

“The f‘ountirins are strictly for
itppcirrrincc." according to Joel True
of the Plant Department's Facilities
Office. Acting Campus Center
Director Jim Docllcfcld said. “They
contribtric to the aesthetic qualities
of the campus and thcy sometimes
serve as a community swimming
holc."

After Commencement

Thc fountains will flow from noon
rrntrl about ten p.m.. said Kopf. to
iiccomodatc the lunchtime crowd
and those who are on-compus in the
evening.

After Commencement. the fouu-
tuins are turned off to allow for
maintenance and repairs. They are
turned on again after two weeks and
surge all summer until they are shut
down for the winter in mid-October.

not run-in

 

  
 
  

   
    
  
   
  
   
  
  

 

PM, , >

   

  
   
   
   
   
    

 
  

 

 

 

 

