 

\k.

 (=- ;worlil no
Pressure Mounting in Iran

TEHI‘MN. IRAN (AP) Political and religious opponents of
Shah Monhammad Reza Pahlavi called on their followers
for new anti-government demonstrations yesterday and
Sunday. but Tehran had aquiet night. Economic pressure on
the embattled ruler gained momentum as the four~day-old
strike by oil workers reduced daily oil production. on which
Iran‘s economy is dependent. below 2.8 million barrels. less
than half normal daily output of 6 million barrels. “We're
hoping that production will bottom out at around I to I.5
million barrels a day. but‘ we can‘t be sure of anything right
now.“ said one source in the national oil company. Troops
and armored personel carriers closed off aproaches to the
Tehran University Campus at dawn after student leaders
called for a major demonstration at the entrance to the
campus yesterday. Meanwhile. Ayutullah Talegbani. the
local religious leader of the Shiite Moslems. called for a
massive turnout at his home on Sunday. the ﬁrst of the two
holy days of Ashura. “to determine the fate of the Iranian
nation."

New Man to Head Parliament

TOKYO (AP) The Japanese parliament clected Masayoshi
Ohira prime minister yesterday after a 24—hour delay due to a
frictional light within the ruling Liberal-Democratic Party.
He is expected to make little or no change in the policies of
fiis predecessor. Takeo Fukuda. Ohira‘s succession to the top
government post was assured after be defeated Fukuda for
the party presidency in a party primary Nov. 27 and Fukuda
withdrew. In Japan. the president of the majority party
becomes prime minister. The changeover was scheduled for
Wednesday. But after Fukuda resigned on schedule. his
faction in the Diet parliament refused to participate in Ohira's
electipn because the incoming prime minister picked one of
his own supponers. Kunikichi Saito. to succeed him as
secretary-general of the party. the No.2 party post. Fukuda‘s
supporters claimed this broke a four-year-old understanding

 

ws brie;le

 

faction. After a day of wrangling and more conferences early
yesterday. Fukuda’s faction agreed to attend the special
election session of the Diet. In the voting. Ohira got 380 of
the 733 votes cast in both houses.

Courtroom Hearings to Begin

NEW YORK (AP) Seventeen Peoples Temple followers.
including two adopted sons of temple leader JimJones. were
subpeoenaed yesterday to tell a San Francisco grand jury
what they know about the slaying of Rep. Leo Ryan at a
jungle airstrip in Guyana. It was the first legal action taken
against any of the 44 temple members who have returned
thus far. One of the l7. Laura Johnston, a nine-year member
of the.cult. told reporters that all those who arrived here
Wednesday night had been subpoenaed to appear in US.
District Court in San Francisco before a grand jury
investigating Ryan's death. Several other members
confirmed they had received subpoenas. At least seven said
they were to appear in San Francisco on either Dec. 8. 9 or
l3. One man. Paul McCann. was served with papers ordering
him to appear today in San Francisco shortly after he arrived
at Kennedy International Airport. The other IS menand one
woman were immediately whisked away'by more than 80
agents of the FBI and Secret Service for questioning in'
airport hangar. The interviews lasted almost nine hours.
ending around 4 a.m. yesterday. Interviews with 27 survivors
who returned on earlier ﬂights had lasted approximately 90
minutesLAn'FBI official said no arrests were made after the
mtervrews.

Outlook Bright for Europe

BRUSSELS,BELGIUM (AP) The new European monetarv
system. approved this week by leaders of the European
Common Market. could become a major step on the road to
European unity. ofﬁcials of the nine-member alliance
believe. But the heated discussions at the conference table
and the refusal of three of the nations to take part in the
system from the start. reflect the concern with national self-

inlcrest that has long hampered attempts to bring West'

Luropean nations closer together. The start ofthe monetary
system. planned for Jan. I. comes at a time of substantial

progress in other ﬁelds of unity among the nine countries.-
Britain, France. West Germany, Italy. new...“ thew
Netherlands. Luxembourg. Denmark, and Ireland
Preparations are under way for the election in June of a 4m.
member European Parliament. For the ﬁrst time. the
members will be chosen in direct elections by the Voters of
each country.

Suspects Few in Large Theft

NEW YORK (AP) The theft of l.500 pounds of marijuana

worth 5400.000 on the street and being held as triaLevidc rice
in a heavily' guarded. government-leased warehouse may
have been an inside job. authorities said yesterday. "we've
narrowed down quite substantially“? ﬁeld of suspects.“ Silitl
Michael Costello. deputy chief ofintelligencc for the federal
Drug Enforcement Administration, The theft recalled the
famous I972 “French Connection" casein which 8| pounds
of heroin worth $73 million was stolen from the New York
City Police Department‘s property clerk‘s ofﬁce. Costello
said that only the DEA had keys to its storage room.
However. the thieves entered through an upper level of the
building Monday night or Tuesday morning. then smtlshcd
their way through an inner wall into the locked storage room
leased by DEA where 25 bales of marijuana, weighing 50
pounds each. were stored.

Carter and Arms Agreement

WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter said yesterday he
will brief leaders of France. Britain and West Germany on
details of a nearly complete strategic arms agreement at it
midwintcr summit in the Caribbean. He said the United
States and Russia are separated in the SALT talks by only
minor differences. which he can seea wayto resolve provided
the Soviets are willing to continue what he called “steady
progress“ in the talks. It was announced yesterday that
Carter and the three European leaders will meet Jan. 5-6 in
extraordinary privacy on Guadeloupe. which is French
territory. Discussions are to range over a wide variety of
subjects. including SALT talks. but no public

 

 

announcements or daily news briefings are plifnned.

 

 

Gold the Pickle

You may have noticed that special orders don‘t upset the
folks in your quad cafeteria these days.

[be reason. says UAS Board of Directors member Lisa
Newmark. is the new fast foods systemjust begun by UAS on
quad dinner lines.

"In response to complaints about the food in the dining
halls. We've just begun a third choice of meals for dinner."
New mark said. Under the new program meals are cooked to

‘ordcr. and. according to Newmark. "will hopefully come to
include anything that can be cooked in ﬁve minutes."

Newmark said that the fast food alternative has already
been tried out on Colonial and Dutch quads, and will come
to the other three quads next week.

“We‘re starting off with hamburgers. and that includes all
the condiments: lettuce, pickles. chips and tomatoes." said
Newmark. “After a while we hope to be doing hot dogs. fried
fish. omelets. and chicken."

Newmark said that diners on Dutch and Colonial have
responded “over-whclmingly" in favor of the new fare. and
because costs have been kept to a minimum there will be no
need for the UAS Board to approve the new additions,

Newmark said that there are plansin the offingto extend
the new inade-to-order system to three or four daysa week.

— Charles Bell

Honors Induction

llie scholastic honor society ofSUNYA, Signum Laudis.

held its fall induction Tuesday. Dec. 5. in the Campus Center .

ballroom.

Signum Laudis. was founded itt I930, and for 42 years held
annual inductions. In I972. the tradition was lost and it was
5 years before it was re-cstriblishcd. Tuesday’s ceremony,

successfully following last year‘s honored 48 of this yesir‘s‘
seniors for academically falling in the top 8 percent of their
class. 'I he society holds two inductions per year. the first one

 

in the spring before senior year. inductingthe top4 percent,
and one in the fall that completes the task of honoring the
class" academically elite.

Ihc original name of the society. as it was established
almost a half century ago was fratrer in faculate. which
means brothers of faculty. In 1930. the year of the first
induction. it was pointed out by Dean Meltzer that this
"sign til praise" is not only a badge of recognition but an
indication for the future as well. Those students who rcccivc
this honor should be duly congratulated.

— Robin Goldberg

Buses Ready to Roll

It's that ti me of yctir again. kids. Extra late night buses are
it” set to roll for Finals Week.

Uri Monday through Friday on reading days and finals
neck. the extra buses will be leaving the Circle 5! l:25 and
2:]5 ti.m. On Saturday and Sunday nights the extras will be
pullingawary for downtown at l2:40, l:10.ttnd 1:40am. The
weekend night additions will run in conjunction withthe late
night buses that run downtown through the semester.

- —- Charles Bell

Dippikill Express

' A bus service to go directly between SUNYA and the Dip-
prkill campus is currently in the planning stages. According
to Dippikill Ilus Planning Committee member Debbie Cim-
bol, the service would run students up to the recreational
campus on Fridays and return on Saturdays.

Currently. the committee would like to feel out student
opinion on the proposed service. Ifany students would like to
express their views they can contact either Cintbol at 457-
4984. Lisa Weston at 46244610. or Dave (iross lit the Central
Council offices (457-6542).

"It could certainly maKc it much more convenient for
students to get to Dippikill." Cimbol said, "but we'd really
like to get some sort of II consensus before moving."

- MJ. Memmott

 

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

[Sullya news briefs)”

\
’Tis the Season

llic brothers of Sigma Tau Beta. feeling mighty generous
and in keeping with the holiday spirit. are sponsoring a party

tor the children of the Stage East Day School.
lhe event. which will be held Thursday morning. will keep
twelve 3~5 year old children bubbling with holiday cheer
from ll run. to l2230 p.m.. as they will be served lunch and

receive gifts from the fraternity.

— Robin Goldberg

Slg’me Tau Beta wlll bring Chrtstma cheer and 0"” '0
the children of Stage East Day School.

 

 

DECEMBER 8. I978

 

 

 

 

~ Stipend Issue Still Unresolved ,

by Charles Bell

Central Council has not yet acted
on stipend requests for heads of SA-
lundcd groups because ofthe lack of
an acceptable stipend policy.
according to Central Council Chair
Dave Rufl'o.

Stipends tire payments which
sometimes are made to leaders of
\‘lIl'lOlIS student organizations.

“Early in the semester 1 charged
the Internal Affairs Committee of
the Council with reviewing and
hopefully coming up with a new
policy.“ said Ruffo. “and as far its I
knew. they were looking into it."

Rulto said that the committee's
lllllurt: to deal with the stipend issue
was the “result of more important
'tliings having to be dealt with.“ In
the meantime. Ruff'o said. none of
the stipend requests have been
addressed. even though the old
Sll|lclld policy is still in effect.

Speakers Forum Chair l’ctcr
MIL’lItIL‘lS said that he has resigned
lllS position as ii result ofthe stipend
iie-iip. but still intends to pursue ll
stipend li'om Ccntriil Council.

Miclizicls Silld that he contacted
('cntrol Council early in the semester
in o Sllpt‘lld request. and was told
lllill ii new policy was being worked
tlll.

“l'htit was fifteen weeks ago. It
seems to me that they weren‘t
Working on the stipends at all.“ said
Michaels.

"1 put in a lot oftime and expense
since last summer." said Michaels,
“and I feel that I deserve some
rcnumcrtition.“

Rufl’o said that Michacls'
resignation prompted him to look
into the progress of the Internal
Affairs Committee on the stipends
question. He said that when he
loiiiid that no work had yet been
doiic on the policy. he planned\to
IllL‘cl with the Committee Chair
Scott Lonsberry to come up with a
solution before the end of the
SCIIICSICT.

“I hope to lune a new policy in
cltcct by curly next semester so that
the requests can be dealt with as soon
as possible.“ Riill’o said.

He said lllill hc originally
requested the investigation of the
Sllpulld policy because he felt it to be
on "arbitrary" policy in that it left the
illipl‘tntil ol stipends to the broad
tllSClClltilI of ti small group of
students.

last your ti stipend policy was
crcritcd by the Central Council and
proiiilctl for granting stipends buscd
on lllt.‘ iiitlividrnil‘s performance in

Indian Dwellers Deal

by Jeff Kerinell

RCSIthlllS of Indian Quad have
experienced the chilling cl'fccts of
true No\cniber in their own rooms.
l‘tllll' suites in Uiicidii Ilrill went
without licrit for four days.
according to RA Rich Kirinof'ski.

"llicrc wars absolutely no heat.“
Silltl resident Stcphcn Brooknicycr.
"it was unbearable. A couple of
people were sleeping in ilic lotiiigc
that night bccritisc the rooms wcrc so
cold . . , we‘re pretty mud. it‘s iI big
iiiconiciiicncc."

()uud Co-ordinritor Jrick Siinconc
clninrctl llltll it was ii minor problem.
"Not one complaint was received.
Ihc l‘hint Director himself got only
one call,"

liiookmcycr said residents
withheld complaints because "the
RA's were working on it,“

According to Senior Stationary
lziiginccr Luther Brtrvtiro. ri seal
Irulurc caused the lack ofhcat. It was

repaired the some day it was
icpot’tcd. Sunday. Novcmhcr 26.

“We put ti new seal in the pump

. Illt,‘ problem was fixed in the
Sttmc tlll)‘. Down time was very
inininiiil." Sltld llrirviiro,

Assistant Residence Director
Mnrtliu McCormick explained that
Cayuga rind Adirondack lliills
suffered an “inconvenient loss of hot
water." on November 26. btit that ii
broken \Wllttl' ptiiiip was f'ixcd tipoii
request by Plant servicemen.

"l was otit to Indian myself last
week." said llruvziro. " l‘lic pump was
brought to the shop for one or two
days. It “us alone pump llllll went
out. so we cross»conncctcd with it
secondary system. I here was no loss
of anything. though they may have
bccn over or under hcrrtcd."

"We try to keep ti uniform heart of
between severity and scvcnty-two
degrees." Silltl llrrivnro. who added

his or herjob.

Ruffo contended that because the
guidelines to be followed by the
Stipends Committee were “ﬂexible.”
there was potential abuse in the
system.

“Except for the Central Council
Chair and the SA officers. none of
tlic stipends were mandatory." said
Rulfo. "In the review process. an
applicant might not come off as a
dynamic personality. or he may
stumble during the interview and
lose his stipend."

Former Central Council Internal
Affairs Committee Chair Abbie
llavkins. who held that position
when the stipend policy was ﬁrst
used. said that the policy is it good
one. and that "a good Stipends
Committee could do an excellentjob
“till it.“

llfl\‘l(llIS Sltld that fixed stipends
Ioi heads of SA-fundcd groups
would be flllpl'tICIlL‘ttl. "The system
of reviewing each individual's
pci'l ot’tiiniicc in his job is dcsigncd so
that ii hard worker Will be rcwrirdcd.
Wc don't want :i guy whoputs in five
hours ii week to receive the same
:sllpL'lltl us the one who puts in
titciity-livc hours of work." IIlIVIilIIS
sand.

With Card

llllll students may he upsetting this
uniformity. “I've sent ll letter to
lltllhlllg. explaining that people in
coiiici rooms who shut off valves
Illil) be Slllllllllg off heart for the
whole side of a dorm."

According to llrtiokmcyci'. thch
llll\L‘ been no other indications of
poor hunting on Indian thus far.

On dciiliiig With such problems.
liiriiuio sriid. "We must go by
pi ltiflllL'S. We zict first on whatever I

thL‘Ill ill] emergency, One room
without heart just isn‘t significant
enough to warrant immediate

rlL'lltlll. lt rill dcpcnils on the
situation."
Someone said that only Oneida.

Cayuga. rind Adirondack Halls have
had hunting shortages this year. “We
do llfl\t,‘ plttstic and tape for windows
tree of chitrgc in the Quad office.
Any heating complaints should he
icfci'rcd lo RA‘s." hc riddcd.

Former Central Councll Internal

    

Atlalre Committee Chair Abbie

Havklns any. that the stipend policy at SUNYA Is a good one.

According to lliivkins. last year's
Sllllttlltl policy provided for members
tll‘lptlllllctl by the various Strident
Association officers. He said that
ltlL'llll) llIL‘ policy would then be
carried out by "varied" appointees
who would not be subject it
influence by any single SA officer.

Miclincls clutms that while the
policy may have hccrt ideally
designed for extensive investigation
of III] ripplrciint‘s qualifications for

icccivlng a stipend. the practice
icstilicd in hasty and unwarranted
decisions by the committee.

Ihc tortncr Speakers Forum
t'liriir cited that last year. all four of
the Forum‘s officers received
identical stipends.

"It‘s more than a coincidence that
the stipends were identical." said
Michricls. "It's obvious that they
didn't dclic into the amount ofwork
crich individual had done."

Torch ’79 Will Probably

Not Appear

lhc I979 lorcli will probably be
disiiihutcd in the next fall semester
rather than in the spring. according
to lorch Chief liditor. Amy
Kliiglcin.

Kluglcin said that "it appears lll
llIlS point that the yearbook will
come out In September." The
Shipping compniiy guarantees that
the lltil’llltll “scheduled shipping date
would be September l5." However.

If the crirlicr deadlines Kluglcin set
are met. thcrc is a possibility that the
yczirbook can be distributed in

Views On SUNY Divestment Aired At: Forum

by Jill Haber
A forum on the issue of SUNY
tll\L'SllllL'lIl of corporate stocks with
dealings in South Africa was held in
II packed lecture ccntcr last night.
Leading off for the pro-
divestment position was Cornell
University Professor James 'l‘urner.
who compared the South African
apartheid system with the
government of Hitler and said “The
political system in South Africa is no
less repugnant."
He emphasized the importance of
' South Africa to international
relations rind argued against the
chitin that American corporations
are ri progressive force for social
change in South Africa.
ltiriicr cited the repression of
lllzick workers‘ unions. and the
desire of White South Africans to
niriintriiii their economic advantage
IIS refuting the progressive force
position iiiriintiiined by tire South
African government.
l‘lic “Sullivan Principles."
guidelines written by an American
llltrck leader urging corporations to
aid Ill equal treatment of lllrick and
White workers. I'ttrncr said. had not
accomplished their goals.
ll. S. corporations “liiivc not
made lllly significant inipiict on

DECEMBER 8, I 978

apartheid." said 'l‘urncr. quoting ii
congressional comniiitce report.

l-orincr Special Assistant to the
State Department Ilurcnuof'Al‘rican
Affairs llcrnaird Coleman spoke next
rind called his position “middle oftlte
l‘ttild."

He said littlc would be gained by
the sale of SUNY‘s $7 million worth
of stock iii corporations with ties to
South Africa and that only
international pressure could help
Cllilllgc the apartheid system.

Coleman reported modest gains
for Black South Africans working
for companies which subscribed to
the Sullivan rules. saying that U. S.
business could be beneﬁcial “if we
could urge them to help Black South
Africans,“

lltit Colcniiin cautioned. "It‘s
going to come down to a shooting
proposition All“! we [the U. S.
government] would take the side of

the legal South African
government,"
.loliii Clicttle, n Wliitc nritivc

Sotitli African who is Director for
North and South America of the
South African l-‘oundation. said that
it was difficult for Americans to be
accurately iriforriicd about South
Aliiczi.

llic Rhodes scholar said "We

hate hard enough to be embarrassed
about . . . we have dciiounccd
publicly our policies."

He said that although his
organization had done at lot. “we
could have done tigrcatdeal more."

lhrougliout his speech. Chettle
brought up American problems with
ruciiil prejudice.

Ilc said that there had been a
growth of [thick bargaining powerin
his country. that the standard of
living for Blacks had incrc 'cd. and
that while the wage discrepancy
bctwccti Black and White workers‘
wages had previously beenfidi to l.it
was now 4.0 to l.

Clicttlc said that according to
SCVcl‘ill studies, liltick South African
lCithlS did not want companies to
divest.

lhc rtudicncc hissed and laughed
SCVL‘I‘lIl lllllCS during Clicttlc‘s
presentation.

llic final guest speaker was
Professor Fred l)ubc. ii member of
the South African National
Congress who teaches at SUNY
Stony lirook. himself ti native Black
South African.

l)ubc accused the South African
govcriinicnt of not disclosingtlie full
hllll')‘.

" hc pity difference is eight to one.

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRES

out four to one." said l)ubc. "'I'o say
lllltl these corporations have done
anything to improve the lives of
Africans is absolute rubbish.“

He said that American technology
had helped enforce the rigid
apartheid system, offering
l’olriioid's making of ID photos on
papers as It” cxtintplc.

l)ubc‘s continents drew sweeping
trppliiusc.

llic floor was then opened to
questions from the audience.

l he forum was held at the request
of SUN YA President Vincent
()‘lcirry who. after a meeting with
student leaders asking him to
support divestment. said that he
wrinlcd more information and
suggested it ftirtiiii.

Ilic lortiiii was sponsored by the
SUNYA Department of African and
Afro—American Studies.
Department chair Frank I’ogue said
that there would be three more
forums on the issue in the spring
SUIIICSIL’I‘.

"l ilioiiglit the department did it
nice job." sriitl O'Icttry. who
attended. "I think the issues were
drawn very well. I think I've drown
some pretty clear conclusions."
()‘lcriry did not say what his stand
on the question would be.

S

Until Autumn

August.

When asked why the yearbook
will not be ready until the fall.
Klirgfcin sziid that “l and the editor
before me hayc been interested in
producing the best possible
book.“Kluglcin said that this would
involve covering flll cvents through
lllt: ciid til the spring semester. Last
year's Chief Iiditor Sam 'l‘crilli met
\\llll controversy when the I978
lorcli was distributed in the full
Sclllchlcl'. rather than last spring.

Kluglein also siiidtliiit"ifwc hiida
spring book we would have to have
Jt) percent of tfic book by the end of
[INS semester.“ which is
approximately 9| pages. The rest
would have to be completed by the

curl of February. Bcciiusc of the
month long vacation in January. it
l‘cbruary deadline would be
extremely difficult to make.

Photo editor of the yearbook and
chief photographer of the University
Photo Service. Mary Ann Hovak
also supported the plans for a fall
yearbook saying "from my position
its photo editor and chief
photographer. we‘re able to cover
many more cvcttls on campus."such
as Senior Week and graduation.

According to Hovak. because of
the later deadlines UPS can supply a
larger number of pictures to choose
from. providing "stricter quality
control over the prints in the
yearbook.“

Sciiior section editor Donna Piro
commented that “l was hoping that
wc‘d have it (the yearbook) ready
for fall distribution." Piro added
that a survey tiiken from the senior
ClilS shows that they would prefer
tliiit the 'l‘orch come out in the full so
that all the year's events can be
covered in it.

lIovnk commented that although
some seniors would prefer to rcceivc'
their books before graduation so
that they can review them with

.fricnds. in the long run the full
l yearbook “will be relevant to their
. lust yetii‘ here."

franc THREE

 

