-».§’.—~4

W4mgx,

AJW-m»M.Ww
N-V 5» +— W x.» M

.—

-W.c,?,.k.-r

nee- _. _..- h...

WM 1 . -
Maﬁa... "v. W- .42,» "we, ,5...“

gm

\...,~._‘.

F .

 

 

 

 

f "wot-rd "its... briefs.

 

Investigation Support /

MANAGUA. Nicaragua (AP) President Anastasia Somoza
has promised his complete support for the human rights
investigation in Nicaragua by the Organization of American
States. But Somoza told a broadcast news conference
Wednesday he is not going to allow a repetition of last

onth's guerrilla-led revolt agaimt his regime. in which an

stimated l.500 people died. Somoza repeated an
announcement in an interview earlier with The. Associated
Press that he was going to double the national guard.
Nicaragua’s army, from 7.500 men to 15,000. He said the
revolt had shown the guard is understaffed. “Nicaraguans
did not believe me earlier when 1 said [was a tough man."
Somoza said. “But i am not going to let this happen again.
Too many people lost their lives the ﬁrst time." A reliable
source said the OAS human rights mission which arrived in
Managua Tuesday received Somoia‘s assurance that
Nicaraguans would be free to talk'to it without fear of
punishment.

Heavg Fighting Taking Lives

BEIRUT. Lebanon (AP) Syrian forces raked Beirut‘s
Christian districts for the fourth straight day yesterday with a
hail of artillery and mortar shells and the Christian radir
warned residents that no end to the ﬁghting appeared in
sight. "The situation is rapidly becoming unbearable.“ said
Pierre Gemayel. leader of the rightist Phalange Party. The
heavy fighting made it difﬁcult to verifycasuaity figures. The
Syrians released no numbers. but the Christian Voice of
Lebanon radiosaid four Syrian army trucks“fullof bodies of
Syrian soldiers killed in the ﬁghting" were seen driving away
from Beirut. More than 100 Lebanese have been killed in the
past eight months of Christian-Syrian battles for control of
the tiny Mediterranean state. according to ofﬁcial tallies.
Rightists said 60 Christians Were killed and l20 wounded in
today‘s bombardment of the Christian sector and mountain
resorts nearby on the coast. But spokesmen gave no
breakdown of militia and civilians. Beirut‘s police

 

 

k
(f

 

department reported 55 Christians were killed and shoot l00

wounded in the dusk-to-dawn bombardment of the Cit: by
Syrian artillery, mortar. tanks and multiple rpcket  :1:
Witnesses reported a three-day aspauit by nghtrsts at g 'h
win control of two strategic bridges that comman e
northern approaches to
the Christian sector. T d "s

in of East Beirut an t '
:friiileg moment during the night.“ Commercial
communications channels that had been knocked out by
direct hits on the electric power stations Tuesday were
restored during a lull in the ﬁghting.

Mass Killing in French Bar

MARSEILLE. FRANCEiAPi Police Chief Pierre Chatelain
ny‘s "crazy neighborhood punks" and not a Capone-like
crime organization were responsible for killing ntne men in a
Marseille bar. Chatelain said four of the victims had been
arrested in the past for burglary and armed assault. He said
the others may have been killed so there would be no.
identifying witnesses. But a wounded 61-year-old man was
found in an adjoining room. if the gunmen were "punks."
they were skilled punks. Some of the victims were hit by only
one bullet, in the neck. Only two stray bullets were found.
and there was almost no damage to the bar. The Paris
newspaper France-Soir recalled "Chicago of the '30‘s" and
said. "The hoodlums of Marseille have broken Al Capone's
record." Capone's mob was blamed for Chicago's 1929 St.
Valentine's Day Massacre of seven men. including members
of the rival Bugs Moran gang.

Carter Calls Bill Wasteﬁtl

WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter. risking
congressional wrath. vetoed a Si0.2 billion energy and water
development bill yesterday he said was wasteful and
inflationary. House and Senate leaders prepared for quick
attempts to override. “The question is one of ﬁscal
responsibility." Carter said moments before signing the veto
message in the Oval Office. “This has not been an easy
decision for me to make." he said. “it's something i do not
enjoy." He urged members of Congress to work with the
administration to develop a “responsible bill" for water

he Christian broadcast said Syrian
environs “did not cease for a

. showdown followed a day offuriorts lobbying Wednesdayby

the capital and vital supply routes to I

projects. one that “we actually need at a cost we can afford "
it was the sixth time Carter has used his veto authority. 11..

administration officials and emotional arguing by both sides
in the quest for public support.

Strauss Unhappy moi Job

WASHINGTOMAP) Robert S. Strauss isn't havingancas
time in hisjob as the president's chief trade negotioatoram);
he doesn‘t mind saying so. “it's probably the worst job in
America. and I’m going to get out of the damn lhingmth:
boss knows it," he told reporters at the White HouSC
Wetiire' . . Close aides say he's not serious about leaving at
least no N . because negotioations on a new world lla‘dg
agreem .rc reaching a critical point. But they don‘t biamc
him for wanting to quit. With the trade negotioationsinthgi.
final stages in trcneva. the Congress has taken two actionsin
recent days that. ifthetare allowed to stand, could scuttiethe
talks. One was a vote in the Senate to remove the entire Us.
textile industry from the proposed pact. be other was its
refusal to extend a temporary lifting of special duties on
subsidized imports. in both cases. tildes cxpm u“
administration will win out.

Refunds to be Paid on Time

ALBANY. N.Y. (A P) Governor Hugh Curt-y yesterday
announced that the state anticipates a $600 million“margin"
in its budget this yeah—but that almost all of the money will
be used upjust to pay refunds on this year‘s income taxes on
time. Originally the state had planned to delay rcfundson
this year‘s taxes until after the start ofthe new iisciliychi‘ntxl
April l. The idea was to use the delay in rclundh as a
“cushion” to help finance the big tax cuts and various
spending increased enacted this year. But Carey. in it news
conference marked by elaborate use of various charts and
graphs on state finances, declared that the blillt,‘ is no“
running 56” million ahead of the balance it had expected
when the original. $12 billion budget was enacted last April.
“ We‘re running this state like a Christmas club." he said. And
he said that the fact that the state won't have to paythosc
refunds out of next year's budget means it may be "possible"
to enact further tax cuts next your # although he offered no

speciﬁc promises.
a

 

 

Dialing Made Easy

For those ofyou who find yourself perpetually thumbing
through the university directory whenever you want to call
from the uptown campus to downtown rind visu-vcrsa w
there‘s relief in sight.

Gone are the ridiculous four-number codes required for
each call.

The university ccntrcx system (a fancy Ma Bell term for
closed telephone systems allowing intrasystem calls using
onlv ﬁve numbers) will now make uptown/dowutown
connections if the caller simply dials “9"
followed by the full seven digitnumbcr.

Thank you. wizards of the telephone.

No Show

Hubert Dickey. the young man who was arrested for
creating disturbances on indian Quad last month. has failed
'to attend a scheduled pre—trial hearing for the second time.
according to University Police Director Jim Williams.

Williams said that Dickey.who is currently out on bail.did
not show up for a hearing which was to be held yesterday.

Dickey missed his last hearing. which was slated for one
week ago.

According to Williams. it is now up to the presidingjudge
whether or not to set a date for another hertring. or issue a
warrcnt for his arrest.

“The charges against him weren't severe rtt all." said
Williams. “i can‘t understand why he won‘t attend a
hearing."

— Steve Oster

—Steve ()ster

Hoops on the Airwaves

Representatives from WCDB-FM. the on-campus radio
stationgn - aiion will meet today to\
work out coverage or Great Danes basketball. according to
WCDB Sports Director Rick Bensignow.

Last season. WCDB broadcast the Danes entire schedule
of games while WABY covered a few ofthe home games. but
none of the away games.

 

 

\\_

.WAiiY hits been bought out by a new ﬁrm and under the
new management it covered the Sept. 30 football game
between the Great Dunes and Southern Connecticut at
Bieeker Stadium. An official of WABY. Keith Arnold.
initiated today‘s ground-breaking meeting. and Bensignor
said that Arnold has made it clear that he wants to work
things out. lnaddition. Bensignor feelsthelocai radio station
is "looking for a good. friendly relationship." and lie feels the
two stations will be able to work together will.

Arnold was not available for comment.

— Stuart Libcrman

Security Patrol Possible

Student security. after two years of non-existence. may
once again become a reality.

According to Chair of the Committee to Reactivate the
Student Patrol Doug Freedman. negotiations are under
way with Community Service to offer credits as
remuneration to those on the patrol.

“We had three options." Freedman said. “We could pay a
salary. give a stipend. or offer credits. The latter proposal is
the most fetrsublc as it involves minimal cost."

He explained that the patrol is to be more than just an
escort service. Its members will be trained to handle
potentially dangerous situations; they will be required to
attend special tritining seminars as well.

“We're in the negotiating stage at this point." he said. “but
we are confident that we will come to appropriate terms."

— .Iill Sussman

A Spoonﬁil of Sugar

Fear not sweet-toothers. SUNYA sugar is on its way.
Perhaps some of you have noticed thatthc green anti white
packets of sugar you've been pouring into your coffee are
ruurkcd “SUNY Binghamton.“ it‘s not that their sugar is
sweeter. it's just that SUNYA is waiting to receive its
shipment. ‘
According to University Auxiliary Service General
Manager E. Norbert labor. the sugar company lrtrsn‘t
printed up SUNYA's packets yet so. it‘s temporarily loanin
out SUNY llinghtuuton‘s sweetness for a while. 8
-—Mlehele Israel

Name That Mall

In case anyone in the world wasn't aware than former
Governor Nelson Rockefeller was the driving force behind
the humongus South Mall. they're going to put his name on
r .

ltr what is to be a well-attended ceremony at noon totiu)‘.
the Empire State Plaza will be rc-dubbcd the Nelson A.
Rockefeller Empire State Plaza.

The dedication will take place ill the l7gg. and will be
uttcndcd by. among others. Governor Carey and Rocky
himself. naturally.

—- Steve Osirr

l l
l
l

I i

 .... :Wf'.)

 

not or. m2- -

The Empire state Plan will have Its it
changed in ceremonies today. (PhotozHowIe Jae

 

 

PAGE 1ij

’ ALBANY.8TUDENT PRESS

Asmara news briefs

OCTOBER 8; 1973

m. m... as.» .V.

 

' Lightning Blacks Out SUNYA

by M..l. Memmott
and Steve Oster

Quick as a lightning bolt. SUNYAi
was zapped of its power early this
morning. At 3:56 this morning all
electric power was suddenly cut off,
plunging the podium into total
blackness. V

A severe electrical storm which
swept through the Capital district
Thursday night fired a knockout
punch into a power transmission line
according to hastily awakened
Niagara Mohawk spokesperson Bill
O‘Brian.

Affected Line

O'Brian said that the affected line
feeds noth the uptown SUNYAcam-
pus and the State Ofﬁces. and that
both went black. Alumni Quad.
which obtains its electricity from its
own generator, maintained its
power.

He explained that the severity of
the bolt was sufﬁcientto trip circuit
breakers and it took emergency
workers until 5:43 am. to get the
juice ﬂowing again.

“it [the lightning bolt] sure was a
whopper." O‘Brian said. “it knocked
me clear out of bedl"

7 University police contacted the
directors of the four uptown
quadrangles. since SUNYA's ﬁre
alarms were rendered inoperative by
the blackout. They reported no in-
cidence of crime during the outage.

Around the campus. various
facilities were affected by the power
loss.

SUNYA‘s Computer Center
Director Robert Robinson. reached
at 7:30 this morning. was optimistic
despite the possibility of damage to
some machines. ’

“i can‘t inagine it really being that
much.“ he said. “HOWever. if the air
conditioning Went offﬁrst. and then
the internal fans. there could be
damage to the machines — but i
don‘t think it was that bad or else i
would have been notiﬁed sooner."

He explained that the system has
various safety checks which
automatically protect the computer
at the first sign of trouble.

According to Stafe‘ Physical
Plant spokesperson Scott Sherman.
the computer facility at the State
Campus has its own emergency

generator. and consequently was not v

affected by the outage.

A spokesperson for SUNYA‘s
Physical Plant said that numerous
“internal system alarms.“ which
monitor electrical activity. were ac-
tivated by the blackout. and will
have to be reset.

uThe men were out at 7:30 this
morning getting the job done." he
said.

Students waking up this morning
may have found themselves a bit dis-
oriented. suffering from “blackout
lug.“ which can couse a sufferer to be
tardy. as well as to awaken feeling
quite rested.

Those hoping to get out of a test
via a late alarm had better think
twice before pleading blackout.
SUNYA President Vincent O‘Leary
said this morning that there would
be “no change in policy.“ as far as he

tcould determine.

Economics Professor Karl Chan.
preparing to administer a 9:00 exam.
Siliti of students waking to a lrrtc
alarm: “That is their own problem.“

The publication of the ASI‘ was
delayed for overtwo hours as its own
computer typesetting machine went
down and required reprogramming.
Consequently issues were not ex-
pected to be distributed on campus
until late this ultcrkn.

 

by Charles Bell

SASU President Steve Allinger.

include tutoring
SUNY/CUNY merger.

education."

 

rSASU-csiren treating,- ’
Health Fee on Agenda

. , . I

A meeting scheduled for yesterday between SASU representatives
and Governor Carey at SU NY Binghamton was cancelled but has been
rescheduled for Sunday at Carey‘s New York City ofﬁce.'accordingto

Allinger said that he is optimistic about the prospects for Sunday's
meeting. particularly regarding the SUNY health fee. The controversy
over the health fee. a charge appearing on the bills of all full-time
SUNY students stems from charys that the fee is being placed in the
SUNY General Fund and is not in the least health related.

According to Allinger. Carey’s running mate Mario Cuomo is
“strongly against” the health fee and that Cuomo said that ire would
support a legislative drive to repeal the fee and sign a position paper on
that subject. Allinger added that “there is a good chance that Sunday's
meeting will result in a repeal effort." '

Also on the agenda for the meeting will be the 5230.000 cutback of _
the Equal Opportunity Program under the Supplemental Budget.
Student voting rights in college communities and the possibility for
TAP awards for part-time students will also be discussed. Allinger and
SASU Legislative Affairs Director Anthony Brown will be amongthe
students to meet with Carey. A spokesperson for the governor said that
yesterday‘s meeting with SASU in Binghamton was cancelled because
of "scheduling problems". while a SASU spokesperson said that Carey
irrrd cancelled “because the governor felt that it was more important to
meet with a group of veterans than with the students."

According to Allinger. other issues to be discussed at the conference
and counscling services.

“Most students aren‘t aware of the possible merger in all. but it
would spell disaster.“ said Allinger. “We‘d httve a monster of a
bureaucracy. They'll really have to do some tracking. It would be one
humongous SUNY which they would feel compelled to ctrt. CUNY is
lighting for its life just to stay as an independent sector in higher

According to Allinger. u SUNY/CUNY merger may well result in
the closing of some of the less financially stable institutions within
SUNY rind ('UNY. One of the likelicst candidates. he said. isSUNYtrt

New Poll]. which has been experiencing a continuous drop in
Lentollmcnt over the last few years.

and a possibly

 

 

Grading Option To Be Reviewed

by Debby Smith

The question as to whether

‘i W students want it plus/ minus grading
I system will he decided based on a

Student opinion on plus-minus grading ls being sought by an
icadamle attain committee chaired by MlkoLavy. (Photo: Kari Chan)

culmination ofcomputcr results and
surveys polling student opinion. ac-
cording to Chair of the SA
Academic Affairs Committee Mike
Levy.

" l’his isiintrlly going to be the time
when we dccidc. yes. we want it. and
will go for it; or no. we'll keep the
system we‘ve got." said chy.

Research Completed

Oct. 30 is the estimated date for
thc cuirnination of research. Levy
said he hopes to present the findings
it) the University Senate at that time.

A recent SA survey which polled

Potter Club Recharter Pending

by Jeff Kennell

Potter Club's rccirartcring is still
an open question. according the
SUNY Potter Club Evaluation and
Assistance Comrtrittcc Chair. Henry
Kirchner.

“We Wouldn‘t be wasting our time
if the rcclurrtcring wasn't rrrr open
question.“ said Kirchner. “The
answer isn't predetermined. bill they
[l’ottcr Club] face rrn uphill battle
and a lot depends on what they do by
February. 1979."

Potter Club. tr fraternity-like
organization. obtrtincd its uncertain
status bccause of the questionable
belrrtvior of some of its members in
past years. Wild parties and several
alleged late night disturbances were
blamed on Potter Club members.

According to Potter Club Presi-
dent. Jeff Petcrs. the committee will
submit a report on Potter Club to
Dean for Strident Affairs Neil
Brown by Feb. i. Brown will then
make a recommendation which he
will pass on to the Student Affairs
Council of the University Senate, for
the decision on Potter Club‘s
rcchartering.

OCTOBER 8. 1978

According to Kirchner. the
Evaluation and Assistance Com-
nrittcc was formed last year on April
6 on Brown's recommendation as a
result of the findings of an ad-hoc
cutrrnrittec created in April. 1977.
Brown risked that this original com-
mittec be created to examine a com-
plaint regarding the club. Tire tid-
iioc committee set up the mechanism
that Brown recommended on April
it. explained Kirchner.

The Evaluation and Assistance
(.‘omrnittec is composed of faculty.
l’ottcr Club Alumni. and students.
according to Kirchner. “As you can
see from the composition ofthe com-
mittee. the club will iruvc an impact."
said Kirchner. "it‘s a rather impor-
tant step to dcchurter an organiza-
tion that has been in existence for 50
years." said Kirchner. “it's not
something you do lightly. Potter
Club hrrs been responsible for some
very good things in the past. and we
trope to give the group a chance to
turn itself around. do away with
some of the damagingactivities in re-
cent years." explained Kirchner.

Kirchner said that his committee's

report will be based mainly on what
l’ottcr Club does from now through
February. “Changes can only be
made in the present. and our main
thrust will be in the future." said
Kirchner. “In my personal opinion.
the club has already done sortie
positive things.“ he rtddcd.
Kirchner explained that his
refusal to corrrrnerrt on questions
regarding the Evaluation and
Assistance Committee two weeks
ttgo was out of deference to the
Potter Club membership. “I told the
ASP that l wouldn't make a state-
rrrcrrt about the conrmittee until l'd
consulted with the other members.
When i asked them. they said ﬁne."
said Kirchner. .
i’ctcrs feels hopeful about the
club‘s chances for rechartcring.
“We‘re all pretty optimistic on the
committee. i think our chances are
good." he said. Peters said that
Potter Club was teatning up with
Alumni Quad to host a pre-
t Octoberfcsl party. Friday night.
Oct. 6.
Kirschncr said that SUN YA‘s role

850 sludcnts on dinner litres and in
the campus centcrcnfctcrin obtained
inconclusive results. according to
(‘iurir of (‘cntral Councd Dave Ruf-
in.
increased Awareness

it) increase student awareness of
the pros and cons of a plus/minus
grading system. an effort is being
made with the Rhetoric and Com-
munications department to debate
the issue on WCDB-FM. the campus
radio station. according to Levy.

in uddiliorr. requests are being
made to several academic depart-
ment chairs for plus/minus grade
records which would be run through
at computer to find the percentages of
students whose grades were lowered

.or raised .using the plus/minus

system. and the percentage of .
professors who graded downward.
according to Levy. .
Assistant to the Derrn for
Academic Affairstrt Harper College.
is". ' NY Binghamton. Rima Guiguias.
said that us of next fall. Binghamton
will hch it grading system which will
encurporute the letters l) and F. it
change from the present system.
They are presently using. and plan to
corrtitrtrc using the plus/minus
grading system. exclusive of “A+".
SUNY at Buffalo. Onconla. and
Oswego do not use a plus/minus
system. and plan to continue with
their present systems. which parallel

‘WnW-ttmn as.) rt

'ottor Club's rear-rioting to still an open question according to
evaluation committee chair Don Kirchner. (Photo: Bob Leonard)

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE THREE

 

