 

  
  
   
   
      
 
  
  
   
 
 
  
   
    
 
  
    
   
    
    
  
    
     
  
 
  
  
  
    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Fulton Hall 75 5‘76
Reunion

Monopoly Lounge
Saturday, 9:30 RM.

' .7 Don‘t Miss lt.

 

 

A NEW DIMENSION IN CINEMA LUXURY-
MATINEES DAILYI

H

It.

DAY NIG
F n

 

 

NOCKEHJ‘ECLINER CHAIRS 5 5.100
RT 5 A l-ﬁf-- NOBJHWAV'MALL- ' COLONIE .

i.

 

 

“The Start of SUIncthian Great" PARTY

al‘d
 “Valhalla.”

Beer. mixed drinks. chips and dip. etc.

" take a. break before finals weolt
* meet new friends

Friday MAY 12th
3:00 P.M.-12:30 A.M.

til the Campus Cantor Ballroom

'l‘ickets sold at the door.

Proof of age required.

'S\‘/\E xcit‘ing Theatres der One Ro'ot
/

ALL lNViTED to the ottd-ot-term Celebration

HIIUIL‘L.’ hi 5.4

lit/54v?

 

 

 

 

PAGE TWO

 

 

Empire State
Moves From
Draper

by Janet Shea , .

l'hc Empire State College Ull'ice.
formerly located in Draper llall
tnovcd to .Wolf Road in Colonic
March l5 as a result of a renovation
project on the downtown campus.
itccoi’dingto University Space Com—
mittee Chair Dennis J. Stevens.

" I be area which the Empire State
College Office was located in was un-
dcr extensive renovation as a part ol
Phase I or the major rehabilitation
projeti in Urttper and Richardson
Halls." Stevens explained.

Ihe rehabilitation of the two balls
has been in the planning tor some
time.

" l he move has nothing todo willt
the upcoming housing crunch tltis
l'all. It is based solely oii tltis

Rehabilitation Project." Stincns
said.
Non-SUN Y A olliccs rcnti'ig

spticconthcdowntown campus wcic
asked to leave." Stevens said.

.' Ulliccs in thc basctitcnl ol liittvci—
sity libiary will. upon complctton.
house the (iradllttlc Schoolnl l'tt'nlic
Allan's now located in Mohawk
lower. ludtaii Quad. Slc\cns said.

the Graduate School ol l’uhltc

Alluirs will move into the library ot-
Itccs lll .lltne. headdcd. lleckplaincd
that tltis ntovc will cleai live ad-
ditional floors of Mohawk lowci
I’ttl‘ students to occupy this coming
at].

.
yi  711-1; 1‘
t‘tllllilltlt’l/friim pom. m“.

comment yesterday,

(tuning also look wttlt
Hamilton‘s charge lltat the mayot
attempted to prevent lcdctallyr
linaitced oti-thc-joh training lot tIll-
iirity workers. ‘

"lli. Ilautilion Is inislakcii..,l
pttshctl likccia/yloi‘ thcitnnoittics.”
hc :iilld.

loimci‘ International
lliotlicihood ol lzlcctrical “oikcis
business director Joe isoicman.
whom L'oriiing said would \L‘Ili)
tltis. said thc mayor had made clloil .
Ill lllls at‘ca.

lBiSllL‘

Search Process

toutiiuu'i/ from [Ii/gr tlIIt‘

.‘\nd Wilkinson. wlto distloscd
that II was the committcc that ap-
pliHli‘ilL'ti (Ht-at.) for then tntci-
\icw. said tltcy dccidcd to iccom~
mcud him "at the point whcn I
bccamc clcai'that |icw.ts clcatly thc

hcsi qttalilicil among those being
considered "

\ll thcsc ohscruitions hpr to ltll
Ill many ol the gaps Ill tnloiinatton
we .tic lclt to deal \\llil. Mote ltllitti
mattoii wotlld haw: gncn its. quite
simply. tuiuc

 

Overseas Program 8th
Year

University of Paris -
Sorbonne

Undergraduate in Philosophy
and relutcd majors. Euro Ill) -a‘2
orotlits in regular Sorhonno
(.‘itris lV) courses. (Program
also available iorono semester
or full academic your lor
students just beginning to
study lt‘ronch.)

Director assluta with housing.

programs. studios.
Orientation. and language
l'llVlOWh

September 15 through June 15.

lilatiinutod living. itirl'itro.
tuition, loos: 33400 NY.
rDHltloan. $3000 others.

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Mondale Pledges Support to Indochina

BANGKOK. Thailand (Al’) Vice President Waller l". Mondale pmlmwd
new warplanes titid real‘lirmed an American commitment to den-nil
Southeast Asia in talks with lhtiiland‘s icadcr yesterday. Mondale iil..o said
the United States would accept tcns' ol'thousnnds more Indochina relttguct,
"Our own peace depends on the Pacific area." Mondale declared I” ..
champagne toast at a state dinner. Prime Minister Kriangsiik ('honiainiii, in
his toast. piaiscd the US, decision to lake in more refugee. suyingit lL‘llL'cls
i’i‘usidcnl Carter's "concern l‘oi human righisttnd hiin standard of mo: arty.“

Daoud‘s Property Nationalized

Ki\lllll.. Afghanistan (AM As its lirst acts. Alghanistan's I1C\\‘ut)\Cl|t- H”
has nationali/ed the propcrty ol the late l’icsidcnt h'lohaniincil llaoinl .imi
aiittoltnccd ctlucational reforms. lltc ruling icvolutionaty Ctlllllt'll. til...“
overthrew Uanud in a bloody upheaval last week. said his propciiy and that
ol his tamin was sci/ed btwusc ll had been "robbed from the not kllll' pump
ol \lghantstan." lhc council sztitl II would coniinur to rcspcct the l‘lltltlllit‘
iil piiuttc property. liut it saitl lhtoutl's v.:alth hail bccn acqttiicd in littl.tliii|i
ol "moral criic 'l and thc Islam rchgton." and that his goods "ht-tonqu tlw
people ol Atgiianistaii. to the ptihhc ii'casttiy. and they ate annouiii-vil .i.
itationaIi/cd."

 

Margaret Trudeau Invited to Visit Uganda

NAIROBI. Kenya IAl’) l’resideitl Idi Amin of Uganda has lll\l|ctl
estranged wile ol Canadian Prime Minister I’ict‘t‘e I'lliott litlilcatttotisii his
country. In a statement. Aniiii said Maigaret Irudciiu was imitcd lll ilt‘l
capacity "as a pholojottinaltsl to see the ti'uc situation in l’gantla whtrn ilt'l
husband rclttses to see." ()hscitct's here said the imitation tippatcttlh \\.|s
piomptcd by reports that the ('anadtzin government docs not want Mom to
attend the Commonwealth (mines in lzdmonton. Alberta. in '\l|;1ll~|

Charities Low Due to Tax Form

\VASIIIING'I'ON (AI‘)('hai'itygroups are worried that taxpttycis'iin‘iiuismg
usc ol the shorter income tas lot in and the standard deduction is icsiiltiiig ill
a decline in charitable contiihtttions. l'rcliininary c\iilcnce Ititiltillt’s that
iliousands ol taxpaycrs who do not ticmi/i: their deductions att- going
substantially less to charity. according to Landrtim R. boiling. chaii man ol
thc ( otiiicil on Foundations. "It‘s pcrlcctly ttndcrstandahie," hr said III .III
iiitci\icw. “You don't hate to prove that yoli hayc given a nnlxl "

Carter Criticizes Legal System

L05 AN S I/tl’l President ('at‘tcr, in a ringing dcntmciiiiion oi lilt'
legal prolcssion. declared yesterday that the \asl majority ol Amci lt‘llll\ don‘t
get adequate legal representation while those with means get all lhc ilt‘lll lilt'}
nccd. In an address to the Los r\lll:'.\.‘IL's liar Association. ('ai'tcr also found
lault with a legal system he chat. cleri/cd as being too lenient w itlt "lug-shot
a rclct'cncc to \vhttc-eollat crime, "Wt: have lllc hc.i\i. -1
title ltit' cvct'y 5llll Amour-ans.” lill'

 

crooks“
concentration ol lawyers on cztitli
picsidcnt .s'atd iii questioning the quality id legal assistanccc a\.n|ahlv to
people.

New Orleans Hit Hard by Flood
N19“ 0N” 5 IM’) Roads were clogged with abandoned cats yrstt It|.i\
and snakes slithered tIttoitgh thc sticcts as floodwatcrs tcccdcd limit our lll
thc aica‘s worst tainstorms lit 5“ ycats. lhc tlclttgc wits lilamtd it‘l tout
deaths and an estimated so) million damage. At least lottt pctsons liltti i~..i
diicct icslilt oi the lloodtiig while a liltli pcrsott with a licait condition tlnd
while being paddch to a hospital III a pitogtic. ll swamp \‘cision oi .. t.lllit'
And l'i‘csitlent (‘ttt‘tcrtlcclai‘cd the mctiopolitan tcgion :tdisastct .llt'.t \L'dt'l
day. making federal loans and attl llHlllttlliL‘.

 
 

Agreement Reaches with Thruway Workers
'HJMN‘. IV‘ (AW Negotiators ha\c I'L‘ttL'ilL'ti a tcutatttc .utiri llll'tll on
wages Ill the final ycai of a contiacl between the Slitlc lhi ttw.t\ \lllllttl'l"
and lllltl unioni/cd employees. II was announced ycstciday. llctaih iii tlir
2am- wcrc withheld pctttlitig a mail iatilicalion vote by tltc mcnilit-is oi lilt'

l\ d Sciyicc l.mp|oyecs Association, /\ spokeswoman for lth 51 -\ W" 1"“
“ill-“Wills lot the linalycai of a thtcc—ycai contract. hcgittniitg'this»l|||\ 1 H1"
Hit-“lid was teathcd “educsday when a mediator was called in ttotn Illt‘
ltibhc linploymcnt Rchittons lloaiil. No oilici tit-ms wctc \llit|"‘l "‘ “N
opening.

Debate on Seat Belts tor Buses

"Ln/‘Nvi N-Y- IAI’) School has operators and state oil'iciuls tlchatt'tl
WNW-“lily "W PUSSihility oI requiring seat belts lll school buses. whichsnlllt'
il't’llk‘d "lltllll help prevent injuries httt othc 'sttid would he little tlst'tl SUN-
1 '“d” wllllh‘UW. “'RilL‘kiilllll. told hillll‘J 200 pcisons at a conlcicncc
*Plll‘WI'L‘d by the New York State School this ()pcralot‘s Associattoiithal lill'
'“ll'fi‘ll'w “lily I'L'tluirc scat bells despite wanting ofhigh costs ticcaiisr "\U“
cant decide oit safety in let his ol cost." She said that in some pit-nous .tvIIItl'"
”” ‘Chm’l'm‘ﬁ “mil” l'lt‘ lUtti. l'ittirc had acted erratically and had iioi t’l“ “
lltiL‘tlllitIC consideration locus s. “When we decide to require somcthtilll “" '”
lcttsl need to coitsidt-i what II will cost and whether it is \\’tlllilll."slit'V-|“i‘

 

MAY 5. 197H

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

by Karen Murphy

A revised proposal for a'SUNYA
women‘s health clinic was suhntitted
to Dean for Student Affairs Neil
Brown yesterday. following by two
months a roughdraft which outlined
the clinic‘s concept.

Although it wasn‘t granted. $22.-
17“ was tentatively agreed upon as a
figure which would he needed to
cover the center‘s costs.

llrown and outg..ing SA Vice
President Kathy Baron. who sub-
mitted the first draft of the proposal.
said the la. now is to find funding
lor the clinic.

litiron s‘ d llrown endorsed tltc
idea oi the clinic. and said he would
talk to other administrators antl
iactllty to seek support and linatt»
cing.

llic rcwsed proposal included a
clearer delineation ol the ccntci‘s
goals antl structure. and included a
stipulation that students he iiivolvetl
in running the clinic.

I'he clinic. as it is cnvisionctl. will
provide ccitttali/cd. incxpcusnc
health service inclttdiitg general

 

      

.said. “It

'HWomen’s Clinic Seeks Funding

health education. sexuality-related
crisis counseling. gynecological care.
and birth control information.

The center will he divided intc
three inter—related areas. Baron said.

“l mu proposing a health clinic
which will provide gynecological
carc. counseling. and a 3 or 4 credit .
course on human sexuality." she
will he more or less a
i's clinic. bttt llierc would be
we'd prevent a titan front its-

wom'
no
iitg it."

Baron said existing health scrviees
don‘t allow for involvement on the
part iif students.

Ilootl ('ritical

Director of Sttidciil Health Ser-
\iccs .lanci llood “doesn‘t believe
that non-prof ionals have any part
in health services." Huron said.

Ilood couldn't be reacltcd last
night loi' comment.

ltie pr’oposal submitted to llrown
yesterday also provides for the es-
talilishmcnt ol a Board of Directors
for the clinic. composed of two ad-
ministrators, two lacttlty mcmhcis.
and live students.

 
 

v.

 

lll‘S/SCOII ARI MAN

According to student Senator High Hill. the new withdrawal policy bill
will step In the Senate Executive Committee and then the Senate tloor.

Carey Returns MasterPlan
to Board of Regents

by John Lafayette

A tour-year plan lot' higherctluca-
tion prepared by the New lot k Static
iliiaid ol Regents was ct'ilici/cd by
(tovcrnoi' ('arcy last month. who ap-
ptotcd the plan "with exceptions" til
it lcttci' lo the Regents explaining
what hc saw as lltc rcpmt's short»
comings.

(aicy's Icltct‘ cited as a maioi
reason lor his criticisms thc plan‘s
“lack ol agt'cctncnt about the ap-
ptoplltIlL' Ilillllttt tttid L'tlllll‘lll til lill.‘
Mastct Plan and its ict'oitiiticir
dations."

lhc plan.cntit|ctl "Statewide I'lau
lor tltc Development oi Post-
Secondary litlucation" ainl oltcn
i'clci’tcd to as the Regents Masth
Plan. was prepared in I‘l7ti. It is IL"
quircd by law. aitd musl outline the
goals antl plans lot ltighci cdticution
over the next loui' years.

“I believe tlic Master Plan should
describe the current setting ol litgltcr
education and then: l’ropose goals
and objectives for higher cdttcutioii
to achieve; Describc the best ways to
meet those objccm s. with ap-
propriate discussionsofaltciiuilivcs:
and to idcittily the prograiiunaitc
and liriancial implications oi iinilcr»
taking the reconuncndcd actions."
the lcttcr said.

MAY 5, 1978

I atcy said he thought the chents
plan contained a "broad utiay attd
large number ol tccommciidattons
Iwhichl makcs the plait dillicttll‘ to
assess."

.'\ progtess report on tile dctclop~
iticnt ill the plan, icqttircd by law
c\cty two years. is now bcmg
‘lCL'i‘ltiillg to Assistant lot
l'lnnning Michael

ptcpatcd
li Ill\ crsity
Reutolds. Ibis report will inclttdc
changes in the master plan. some of
which tcllcct agtccmcnls made
ilL'i\\CL‘Il Carcy. thc Regenls and
Slt\l befoic (are) made his
slatciucnls on the plan.

(‘atcy has had the plan stncc
.\o\cmbcr I‘Ho. bill has dclaycd ac-
ttoit on it wltilc waiting tor untitlth
higher education rcpoit to he
c\aluatcil. l hat report was picparcd
by the lcmporary State ('ommis-
sion on the l'uturc ol I‘ my
l‘tillCillltlIl lll New York State.

Atnong the specific areas at con»
cct‘n idenlilictl by Corey in his
‘ ' ism ol the Regents plan are:
' to higher education by
qttalilicd individtlals icgardlcss ol
ltnancial need: the need IoI‘ long-
tct'm enrollment predictions aitd
ii‘iuilysis ol the meaning of tltosc
ltgurcs: and t"aclions to economic
prohlciits within New \oi'k State.

 

 

.7
r

 

a

 

:r

 

l’ecs for initial visits to the propos-
ed center should bc about ten dollars
or less. Baron said. '

“llut if a woman doesn‘t have the
money. we'll cover the expenses."
she said.

l'hc services available now for
women at SUNYA consist ol'ti con-
traceptive clinic run by Albany
Medical Center Private practicians.
according to Baron. The clinic is
located off-campus. and costs for an
initial visit are $17.

A committee of students. formed
by SA. drew tip the revised proposal.
l he committee also came tip with the
estimate of the amount of funding
the clinic will require. lhc figure of
$22.]70 is‘ almost $|0.tltl(l less than
was suggested in the earlier report.

Baron d the clinic eottld be sct
tip by this September. il funding is
lotiiitl. llrown said he will meet again
with tile committee in about two
weeks. according to liaron.

 

 

  

ltl’SllOWllZ JACOBS

SA Vice President Kathy Baron said the task now Is to Ilnd tundlng to
cover the costs tar the proposed SUNYA women‘s health clinic.

UAC Passes Proposed ’W‘ Policy

by Jill Hillier

A new withdrawal policy.
eliminating "W's" from ll'illl.’ ripts
bttt shortening the diop pci'iod from
the current lourtccn weeks to title
wcck alter mid semester. passed the
Undergraduate Academic Council
ol the University Scnalc ycsterday.

Alter a stop in the Senate l1».-
ctzutive ('otnmitlcc, the bill willgolo
lhc lloor ol' the Seattle at a special
meeting May [5. according to siti-
dent Senator llttgh llill. II the
Senate passes the proposal. it willgo
beloi'e Acting SUNYA l’rcsidcnt
Vincent U‘Leary and with his ap-
proval. it would become Sllbl‘A
policy.

Ati amcndment proposed by sitt~
dent Senator Laurie (iastwirth to

 

lengthen the drop period in the bill to
two weeks alter mid semester was
soundly defeated by UAC.

lhe bill wits .imcnded. however. to
delete a provision in it igning the
t‘cgisttat‘ to give an ‘ grade to a
sttident it an instructor tails to lilca
grade lor him. A motion made by
Senator lvan Stccii striking out the
stipitaltion was passed.

According to the report ol the
subcommittee which tlchlopcd the
hill. the rationale behind tolling
hack the“ drop date was that the
co 'cnt l4 week period “drains llll-
ivcrsity Pic-registration. and results
iii sludcnt decisions to drop courses
based primarily upon anticipated
grades."

lhc report states that the subcnm~

 

 

 

mittee felt tltttt "W's" should be
dcleied because “there is some
evidence that potential schools aitd
employers do view "W‘s" negatively.
l he report referred to a survey ol law
schools taken by SA which showed
that "W‘s" were detrimental to titl-
mis'sion. -

Sub committee chairJohn l'ipkin
stressed "lihcrc is no question that it
ltlic bill] was a compromise between
sltldcnis‘ concerns with short dates
of the drop period and withdrawals
appearing on transcripts anti laculty
feeling that the cttrrent drop period
is too liberal."

“I think the bill will pass Senate."
stiid Hill. “because there is so much
sentiment to roll back the drop
period."

Curriculum Report May Be Late

by A riin Smith

\ sci oi distribution rcqttiictncnls
ltl'ttptlst'tl in l‘chruary may not lunch
the l'nitctsity scuttle tor tippioval
itntil itc.\t lall. accoiditig to Un-
dcigiadtialc Academic (ouncil
('hitti (icorgc Martin.

"It ittst won‘t malic it." said Mar-
llll. "It seems tltat il linishctl prodticl
will not go to the scnatc this year."

UAC did not rcaclt discussion ol
the issue at its meetingycstci'tltly.:tc-
cotding to Martin. -

"We had no concrete proposalsto
picscni." said Martin. " l hat's why it
was scheduled to he coiisidctcd last
today. Wc expected that otltct
business would keep its busy. and it
did."

"(ioals ot a libctal ltn-
tlctgradttutc l:.ducutioit." as the
lw\("s tcpoit is known. will bc the
topic ol discussion at its May I|
meeting. said Martin.

('opics ol the (ii-Ul‘ icport were
sent to mcmhcrs oI "various coit-
stitucncics“ cai'ly ast month for
review and comment. It's recipients
included faculty, administrators.
and .‘iA. Although Sunday marked
the deadline for ttuning recommen-
dations ill to UAC. many still have
iitil been received.

According to SA Committee to
Review litlticational Distribution
Chair Hugh Ilill. UAC's proposal
may rcachthe Scnaiethis semestct'in
other than its tinttl form, UAL' may
plL‘" ' ‘ views concerning disv
ll'iillllltil .eqttircmcnts to the Senate
iiitoi'mally. without thawing up a
dclinitc proposal. .said Hill.

"I wouldn't be a bit surprised II
lt;\L‘ t'tirrictilum ('ommittcc
l‘huirl liill'ttld Cannon snnplyasltctl
the Senate Ior its sttppoil in the way
it‘s been dealing withdistribution rc-
qltit‘cmcnls." said lid]. "He doesn‘t
want to send a special report along
now. bttt get the Senate to consent to
the idea. and work ottt the only-
gritty next year."

(Hill: was formulated by lt.:\(“s
Curriculum L'omiiiiitee. al'tcr r '
ting the [inn] report ol the Special
('iimmitlcr to Review the Un—
tiL‘l graduate i‘..\'pL‘I’ICllL‘L'. lltc
('iirricttlttm ('ommiiiec totintl built
with the S('Rl|l: tepoit. and said it
does not guarantee a liberal educa-
tion. conttaiy to its stated mlcn-

 

litttts.

St'Rllli was cotnposcd o iittic
laculty incnihcts. all ol them ap-
pointed by ittl‘tllL'I' SUNYA Presi-
dent iillllllL'll l‘ichls in May. W70. to
take over the duties ot the defunct
('ominittcc on A 'ademic l'rogiams.
Ihc report it released otttlincd eight
areas in which a “liberally educated
pt'rson“ should be proficient. l'hesc
goals contended that students
should read and write fluently. know
something about foreign languages
and cultures. “have it critical ap-
prcciiitiw for the ways iit which we
gain knowledge and understanding."
gain experience in dealing with
morals and ethics. be able to subject

iiiitiriittttiiin or the criteria objectively.

develop "creative and intelligent"
leisure activities. “achieve depth in
sultlc field of knowledge." and "ac
quite a h tug, taste for the stimula-

  

ALBANY TUDENT PRESS

  

tion and rewards al'lorded by ven-
turing itito new fields or modes ol'in-
quiry."

'l he SCRUIE report suggested that
these goals could best be incoi-
poralcd iiilo SUN YA‘s curriculum
by requiring each student to lake
nine credits of courses iii the two
colleges outside of his or her maiot.
l he t‘cpoi't stressed the need for im~
provenicnt in student writing skills.
in the undergraduate advisement

proccss and in the flexibility ol

 

cottrs s offered. SCRIJli suggested
the implementation ol "Uni\ct‘sity

cotlrsc‘ such as “l'hc Usc ol
Nitmbc "lhe IConcept ol In-
telligence." "lime." and “Science
l‘iction." lhcsc. according to the
report. would be “specially
ilc\cloped..,conrses ol particular in-
lct'cst to the student."

ttAUs t‘tnriculiim
Ionnd the SCRUI:
narrow. since its rcquit‘ctttctits‘ were
concentrated within the Divi ion ol
Humanities, the Division ol Social
Scicnc ‘. and the Division oi
Naitiral Sciences and Mathematics.
lhe Committee felt that any re-
quirements placed on students in
order to round out the students'
education should not be limited to
those three areas. since experience
gained in courses iii other SUNYA
schools might profitably be used to
fulfill requirements.

(il.llli serves as a compromise
between the SCRUIE report and its
picdecessor. the proposal of the
Committee for Undergraduate Rt:-

continued on page ﬁve

 

 

L‘o inmittcc
i‘cporl loo

PAGE THREE

