 

 

 

 

Meals Change

Ethnic ﬂuid planned

 

fter ‘what seemed to he a long and

tiresome meeting with Albany‘s Student
Alliance. UAS General Manager [5.
Norbert Zahm has agreed to institute a
"minority" meal plan on all quad
cafeterias.

“The food here has beeti too Waspy.“
confessed Zahm. It is unclear at this point
whether he was referring to the ethnic
group or to the wasps detected in the
honeydew during last lliut'sdtiy night's
quad dinners.

Several students had strong reactions to
the peculiar meal and had contacted
TIME's Man 0/ [he l‘t'ur SA Vtee
President Kathy Baron about ll. "l‘tn led
up with these constant wasp~lood~ts~bcst
type gestures." complained otte student.

Zahm adtnitted that the amps tti tlie
honeydew migltt have reflected poor taste.
yet made no reply on the additional charges
of discriminatory practices inioltcd lll the
selection of the quad menus.

Baron had a mouthful to say oti the
matter. "I see no reason why in a tniiyersity
as diversified as ours. we can't at least try
and accomodate our menus to the dillerent
needs of the students. I phoned the
nutritionist involved and told licrtliat tl she
doesn‘t shape up she mtght haye llL‘l'
pension plan lrolen tomorrow "

As a result of all the recent uproar. a
minority ttical plan \rtll he ittstitnted on all
the quads as early as next week. serynig
food such as knislies. knmquttts. olyt‘tt.
encltiladas atid other ethnic delicactcs on a
more or less daily basis.

A "feminist" meal plan is also bctitg
considered. including lootls stteli as
bananas. eggs. clams. pickles. and ice
cream. Also iti considetalion is a Ni l'lRti
meal pltiti cotisistitig solely ol Humans and
protein supplements and a "ptestdential"
meal plttii. consisting solely at hot air.

At this time the stttll nttttiliontsl could
titit he reached Ior comment: lie “its out to

lttncli at MacDonald‘s.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Weird Woes at the Wellington

Ut‘tltl/l' brain/c my ltl/y't'.\‘ [ls loll

n a report filed Will] the Albany police

yesterday. students ol the Wellington
llotel clattncd tliat aliens lrotii atiotliet
planet have gradually llllyUll control ot the
‘lth through l21h floors. lll‘O‘s lia\e been
regularly sighted landing on the root ol the
Wellington since late September. llt\\\'L‘\Cl.
as one student commented. “Vic thought
they were _|tist pull of the South Mall ot
something.“

llic alien creatures ltaye subdued the
student population \\ Ith the leatcd "btattnc
iay." lltc bt'atnie ray ts said to hate a \tnle
tangc ol cllccts on those lapped hy ll
Some students lune been tcpotted eating
tip to l7 scat coycts till a single My?“ \
hits. while olhcis are ohscired stitngglittg
Shawn (‘ttssidy posters tiito tlieit tooms.
and rolltiig lionltng halls back and lot lll lll
bathtubs full ol water.

A spokesperson lot the lllll\L'l\ll_\ stated
that a stand must he lillst’ll against the
eating ol the plastic seat eoycrs,

"The students itiyolyed don't lt‘tlll/L‘
what a puke-u thing tliey‘tc doing." said
Dean for Extraterrestrial Aliaits \etd
Yellow.

While the Health Hen tee hasn‘t had any
increase ol stoniaclt disotdets due lo the
intake ol plastic. the (.ttnpns tetitci

 

 

 

Man-of-the-Year

 

 

 

llmrltng Alley has lost a t'ccoitl 75 booting
halls over the last tyyo \tceks.

Student
donate onc-third ol' the Record (ti-ops
total sales rceipts oti llct‘h .'\lllL'll it'rotds

Assoctalton has decided to

to a new committee presently study tttgtltt-
\l'cllttigtoti problem. "lliotigli ll “I” lit-
hard to study tlietti “line they go to the
bathroom. ll might be
commented a typically litglt \‘\ oltirtal
"It‘s totally tnllahulattt ol tlte S'\ to
dottatc money to such a cause." said Regen
.lacksott alter plclyttig lits nose licltitid .t

ticccsstny '

\yalct cooler at the \attkce's lt
laudetdale training llilst' \liliottglt
l‘iesnleiit (‘artcr \yas itiiayatlablc lot

comment. a teacltet's-aide .it \lhatiy High
School stated. "ll Republicans can't \\ll|.tl|
clcetton III the ting than they don't lit-Ions
Ill the \\eddtng party."
|)tiring the strange
Wellington. student actn ntcs ha\ e goticon
as normal wnlt lloggtttg dcnioitsttations
e\ety Wednesday itiglit .tt
paraly/ed lrog races oit l- lltltl_\ .IllL'llloiills
"It's hard to say lion many sttiilt-ts tht
:tltcos |ia\c tinder lllt'll rottttol. ot II II
tIlt'.tIls .niythtng Ill lL‘llll\lll llict'\ist.tliit at
lllt’ South Mall." \illtl ottt- \\t'lll||l'lilll
"lltongli lately l‘yc seen a lot oI piuu'H‘

C\L‘lll\ .n lllt

lllllt‘. .tiid

 

 

llattrttcd \\llll bottling halls "

 

 

 

|l\tl \l'ltll l "‘ ‘

 

 

Flamboyant a

nd Confident

 

Barren Wears the Pants

he sits on a swivel chair behind

a desk cluttered with letters to
Helen Gurly Brown, and signs a
memo approving the new Gloria
Steinem monument to be built on
Indian Quad. She stairs ntnpicture
of Dave Mold wearing a. dress.

Believe it or not. the lady person
behind the desk is the current SA
Vice President Kathy Barren. She
looks like an ad for Virginia Slims.
but it's difficult to judge this ad
without reading the copy.

“I was born in Boystown. USA.”
she claims. "When I was three
years old. we moved to Long island.
into a white ghetto." She tired ofthe
atmosphere quickly. she says. “I
got tired of being called ‘Girl'"

At thirteen. Kathy got her first
job: selling Person Scout Cookies.
"Cinnamon." she gleams.

Kathy got her first taste of
politics later that year, when she
ran for a seat on her schoolbus.
After a tough run. she succeeded
and one of the most brilliant
political careers of this decade was
launched.

She continued horpoliticul career
as a freshperson at SUNYA. Her
first project was an attempt to
install birth control pill dispensers
on campus.

"A serious problem arose when
we couldn‘t decide whether to put
them in the men‘s room or the
women‘s room."

ltsoon becomostipparentthat Ms.
Baron can indeed enjoy a laugh.
“it‘s always bothered me that
people accuse feminists of having
no sense of humor. We do. For
instance. did you hear the one about
the feminist who fell into the lens
making machine and made a
spectacle of herself? Or how about
the one about the feminist who had a
rabbits foot? The other foot was
normal. But really. men are such
ohauvinista. Take my boyfriend.
please."

Before running for office here at
SUNYA. she tried her hand at
academics. "I took a couple of easy

courses. you know. Minnie Mouse
courses. I got bored and decided to
run for vice president."

It was her feats as vice president
which won her TIME's Man of the
Year Award. After a. hard
campaign in which her competitor.
Jim Arunoff decided he'd rather be
an ivy leaguer. Kathy launched a
one-person crusade against just
about everything.

One of her first achievements was
to help represent the SUNYA
coalition of birds after the student
newspaper ran an offensive “Fred
the Bird" comic strip in which Fred
tells his girlfriend to "go spread her
wings". “I really get upset when i
see something offensive like that."
she says. "That was definitely

 

birdist."

When she isn't busy threatening
the campus radio station. Ms.
Barren is hard at work harassing
wimps. dwarfs. golds. nerds and
other Student Association types.
Says the flamboyant and confident
Barren. “l'll show them who wears

 

the pants around here!"

Currently. Ms. Barren is working
on providing SUNYA with a
Women's Sex Clinic. “What this
campus desperately needs in a
place where women can go to have
sex." she says. “I realize that the
chief at the Infirmary Janet the
Hood says that 95 per cent of this
care can be had at the Infirmary. but
I tend to disagree with her figure.‘

Kathy is currently on SUNYA's
Affirmative Action Committee.
designed for racial and sexual
equality here. Her first task is to
erase the form of “institutional
racism and sexism“ prevalent at
SUNYA. "We are going to start with
the structure of this campus." she
says. “First we're going to paint
every other pillar black and replace
the bell tower. that phallic symbol
of SUNYA. with a. giant breast."

Still in her early twenties. the
darling of Albany‘s student politics
has made her mark at SUNYA. On
the verge of greatness. Kathy
awaits discovery in the inner
recesses of the SA office. Soon she
will grow up and leave student
government. But for now she's
TIME's “Man of the Year". and our
SA vice president... We think we'll
keep her.

 

 

llMli. Al’Rll I. |97tl

 

 

 

