‘ . What canyon do with only a bachelor's‘degree?
, .. Nowtheresls- away to bridge the gap betweenan
_ undergraduate education and a challengl , responsible
career. The Lawyer's Assistant Is able'to work tradi-
tionally done by Is . _ .

Three months-pt ntenslve training can Ive you the
skiile—thecourses are taught by. is, are. on choose
one of the seven courses offered—c case the clty In

. which you want to works .

Since 1970. The Institute for Paralegal Training has
placed more than 2.000 gametes in law llrms. banks.
and corporations In over cities.

It you are a senior ot high academic standing and are
Interested in s career as a Lawyer's Assistant, we'd like
to meet you.

Contactyour placement otllce tor an Interview with our
representative.

We will visit your campus on:

Wednesday, Aprll 5

The Institute for
Paralegal Training

235 South 17th Street. Philadelphia. Pennsylvania 19t03
- (215) 732-6600
'erated b .

Para-Lest Inc

She loves h m.
He admires her tate.

A

 

 

Paramount Pictures Presents A First Artists Production

Henry Winkler is “The One and Only" Kim Darby Gene Saks
William Daniels Harold Gould Herve Villectiaize Written by
- Steve Gordon Executive Producer Robert Halmi Produced by
Steve Gordon and David V. Picker Directed by Carl Reiner

 

"i
'4

0 I978 Format Pictures Coronation. All Rights Reserved.

0 e A
PAGE TWO

Soundtrack album available on ABC records and Gill tapes l‘
11- ‘

 

.RCO‘Review

continucdfr'om ‘page one

that‘s probably "unique in this
country." he said. The department
now has strengths in what he called
the “rules approach” to'that field
of study.

Psychology Department
Chairman Gordon Gallup said his
department has expanded the size of
its graduate program with new
hirings since the department
received its last review.’

“I think they (the two visiting
professors) will be placing a
particular emphasis on looking at
the quality of our students and
faculty." he said.

Among the criteria used to
evaluate a graduate program are its
overall structure. philosophy. and
the extent to which it has kept tip
with new developments in tltat ficld.
Gallup said.

What thcse visits provide is
another slant on things.“ Vice
President for Research and Dcait of
Graduate Studies Louis Salkcvcr
said. “It‘s a regular kind of
monitoring. which tclls the program.
frankly. what they‘re doing good and
what thcy‘rc doing bad."

The visits by the outside
cvaluators follows a department‘s
preparation of a set of documents
amounting to a self-study. Salkcvcr
said. Tilt: cvalutitor‘s report is
received by both a rcvicw committee
of GAC and the department
involved. The GAC. after
considering the information. passes
on a report to thc Office of tlic Vicc
President for Academic Affairs.

Evaluating the RCO Dcpartmcnt
arc Professor Gcrald Miller of
Michigan Statc University and
Professor Robert Scott froin the
Univcrsity of Minnesota.

Visiting the Psychology De-
partment are Professor Richard
Soloman of thc Univcrsity of
Pennsylvania and Benton
Underwood from Northwestcrn
University.

Meal Rates

continued from page rmc

mcct to dccidc on next ycitr's board
rates. A decision must hc miidc by
lr'cb. It). so that contract cards can bc
priutcd on time.

Ihc UAS Board ol Dircclors is
mudc up of SUNYA studcnts.
faculty and administrators. and onc
alumni.

TAP Proposals

('Ulllfllllt’tl lru/rl page um-

Though Coync was “reluctant to
criticize" the bill. be pointcd out a
number of its drawbacks. lltc bill
calls for thc elimination of IAI’
awards to thosc studcnts who choosc
to pursue a second dcgrcc at thc
samc educational lcvcl (tug. two
Associate dcgrccs) and would makc
suntmcr students incligiblc lor IAP
aid. Also. students defaulting on
thcir guarantccd student loans
would no longer be nblc to rcccivc
thcir l'AP awards.

The controversy cincrging over
the proposed modifications in lAl’
centers around that old game.
“Grabbing the biggest piccc of the
pic." Private students. in the lace ol
steadily rising tuition costs.
desperately need an increase in IAP
aid. Until recently. CUNY students
paid no tuition. Despite their
relatively constant tuition costs.
SUNY students have not been
immune to the effects of inflation or
the tight summer job markct,

A compromise. providing
something for everyone. is the
probable result of the current
legislative wrangling. As is often the
case. when the “Good Guys" are
squaring off against one another.
picking it winner is not easy,

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Scandal Uncovered at General Motors

DETROIT (AP) A fired General Motors Corp. executive is accusing GM
Cadillac Division officials of covering up a warranty scandal. the Detroit
News reported yesterday.

The News. in a story from Atlanta. reported GM acknowledged "apparent
improper administration of warranties. but said there was no fraud." The
newapaper quoted William L. Cox. 46. former southeastern regional sales
manager. saying that for four years Cadillac owners in Florida received upto
three-year or 36,000-mile warranties on some engine. power train and rust
problems. Everywhere else, Cadillac owners were covered by the standard
warranty fro General Motors cars. I2.000 miles or I2 months. accordingto

the report.

Sadat Begins World-Wide Tour

CAIRO, Egypt (AP) Prcsidcnt Anwar Sadat began a world tour ycstcrday to
rally support for his Midcast pcucc initiatich and scck I’rcsidcnt Ciirtcr‘s
help in pressuring Isracl for concessions on Issues that have dcadlockcd
negotiations. “I hope this trip will add momcntum to the peace process.“
Sadat said before flying to Rabat. Morocco. where he planned to confer with
King Hassan. a supporter of his pciicc campaign. Sadat is scheduled to arrive
in Washington today for talks Saturday and Sunday with Carter at Camp
David. Md. He will stay in Washington until Wednesday. and on his way
home will talk with government leaders in Britain. Francc. Wcst Gcrmany.
Austria. Italy and Romania.

Bergman Serves Prison Sentence

NEW YORK (AP) Bernard Bergman. the millionaire nursing-home
cutrcprcncur whosc conviction for Medicaid thcft drcw national tittcntion to
scandals in the care of the aged. will surrcndcr today to scrvc a prison
sentence of one year. A spokesman for Charles Hyncs. thc staitc‘s spcciiil
nursing-home prosccutor. said Bcrgmiin was ordcrcd to surrcndcr by .l tisticc
Aloysius .I. Mclia of thc Sltllt.’ Suprcmc CourtMclia had earlier scntcnccd
Bergman. a rabbi without a congregation. to onc year on a state hribcry
conviction. Bergman appciilcd the sentence to thc U.S. Court of Appeals.

Political Asylum tor Relugees

MIAMA (AP) About 50 national church executives and Haitian rcl'ugccs
mct last week to push plans for political asylum for scvcriil thousand Haitian
refugees in the Miami arca. Suc Sullivan. director for Haitian rcfugcc
concerns of the National Cotincil of Chttrchcs. said the rcfugccs crime to thc
Unitcd Status to escape pcrscctition by the Duvulicr rcgimc but “thc US
govcrnmcnt has not givcn thc sumc considci‘titioii to these rcftigccsthiil II has
given to refugees flccing communist countries.“

Steele Upset With Beam

YOCUM CREEK. Ky. (AP) Louisc Stcclc says she's fcd tip with having to
get hcr daughtcr to school by cscortittg hcr 60 fch across an Iii-inch stch
bciim ovcr Yocum Crcck. But that‘s bccn the only way across sincc ihc bridgc
Witshcd out last Octobcr. Dcspitc rcpcutcd pi‘omiscs of prompt action front
state and local officials. Mrs. Steele and other rcsidcnts ofthis southeastern
Kentucky mountain town have bccn unable to uscthcir cars and truckslor
tlircc months. To get groccrics. the) have had to walk to thc twoii ol IZHIrIS
about a milc away and carry hugs back ltornc across thc bciim. Now Illttll) of
the townspeople say llicy itt't.’ going to thc cotinty courihotisc today to
dcmiind ti ncw bridgc by built iinmcdiittcly.

No Money for CB Program

WASHINGTON (AP) Prcsidcnt Cartcmrying to balance the fcdcritl hudgct
by I98I. has not included any additional money for tire CB program in the
new FederalCommunicationsCommission budget. Cartcr did propose ntorc
money for the year starting Oct. l to bclp investigate complaints of CB
interference with television and othcr homey electronic cntcrtainmcnt
cqutpmcnt. Such complaints. usually known as TV]. are by far the most
numerous the FCC receives. But there's no proposed spending incrcasc to
permit increased enforcement of CB regulations, whose violations are it
major topic on and off the air whcncvcr CBcrs get together.

Poisoning Charges Dismissed

DETROIT (AP) Poisoning and conspiracy charges have been dismisscd
against two Filipino nurses accused in connection with a series of respiratory
failures at the Ann Arbor Veterans Administration Hospital. “From the very
bcginningl said Iwas innocentand this proves it." said Filipina Narciso.“lt's
over and I'm happy.“ Leonora Perez said Wednesday after the dismissal of
charges that had been pending against them for two years. They were
convicted of conspiracy and poisoning last July in connection with the
mysterious fatal breathing failures of patients at the VA Hospital in I975
where botli were nurses.

Violence on Television Declines

NEW YORK (AP) A public interest group says its monitoring oIlUIch-SIU“
Vioicncc shows an overall decline in I977, with a slight increase on the CBS
network. “CBS gives no weight to this study." a network spokesman rcplicd-
Violence was up l4 percent on CBS.down 26 percent on ABC and it percent
on NBC. the National Citizens Committee for Broadcasting said yesterditye
The ratings were based on actual depictions of shooting. stabbing. beating.
drowning and other acts or threats of inflicting pain or death durinsthe I3
weeks of monitoring. the urgani/ation said. Comic incidents involvintl
violcncc were not recorded.

FEBRUARY 3, 1978

 

 

 

 

I

SUM Breaking“ Away From SA .

hy Aron Smith

As its ﬁrst step in a break from
SA. SUNYA’s Student Union-
ization Movement will soon
move out of SA ofﬁces. according to
SUM Chair Tito Martinez.

"Most of our decisions are being
made by SA,“ said Martincz. “’l‘hc
st udcrtt body is not really taking part
in the decision making process the
way it should. As it is now. students
don‘t cvcn know we have a desk up
hcrc."

Martincr cxprcsscd hopes of
creating a “grassroots movement“ to
deal with such studcnt conccrns as
academics. living areas. buscs.
library hours. and food service,

“We're not getting our power from
SA. we're not getting our power
from SASU. and we‘re not getting
our power from thcadministration.”
he said. “I hope SA will still
coopcrtitc. bcctitisc \vc still dcpcnd
on lhcir services. And they cannot
tlcny lItL‘ll‘ scrviccs. sincc t hcy bclong
to thc sludcnts."

"l'm not jctilous." said SA
I’lL'SIlIL'ill David Gold. “Just bccausc
l‘m Prcsidciit of Studcnt Association
ilocsn't mczin l‘m going to block thc
Iilti\L‘. llttit's absurd. II' lhcy nccd
icsotirccs and thcy icqticsl it. I will
pi olniblj givclhcttt what thcy want."

Gold was the primary source behind
the establishment of SUM.

SUM will maintain a relationship
with SA “without being controlled
by it." said Magtincz. “Students
think all SUM decisions comeout of
SA. and to a certain degree this is
true.“ he said. “We want to first grow
ourselves. We can then deal with SA
on an equal level. not an antagonistic
level.“

“I think SA has done enough for
SU M." said Gold. “lfit develops as a
viable. strong organization. it was a
good investment. I‘m not scared ofa
strong union. in fact l‘m excited
about the idea."

SA mcmbcrs will bc welcomed
into SUM “if they come as studcnts
front Albany State and not as
rcprcscntativcs of SA.“ said
Mill’lincl. “At that lcvcl. we cannot
dcny thcm participation. if Davc
(iold wants to bc tlicrc. hc can bc
lbcrc.“

"I‘ll help it ("It with specific issucs.
but l'm not going to get really
involvcd within organization." said
Gold. "I don‘t havc time to be that
uctivc within the union. 1 how
responsibilities to the Association."

“I truly hope that there's no
antagonism." said Martinez. "We‘ll
know where SUM stands in tcrmsof

the students of Albany. There‘s no
way that SASU will be mad at us.
since this really what they let out to
do." he said. “We will continue to
contact student unions at other
branches of the State University. but
by ourselves. not through SASU.”

“SASU has been more of a help
than a detriment." said SUM
organizer Sharon Ward. who is also
a SASU delegate. “I don't know if
they can be as effective now. I don‘t
think tbcy‘vc been totally run by SA
and SASU at- all.”

Martinez plans to complete the
move out of SA offices by Thursday.
although SUM's new location is not
yet known.

"Wc'rc waiting for an office III the
Campus Ccntcr.“ said Martinez. “In
the meantime I'll be talking to quad
officers and wc‘ll bavc ccntral
locations at each quad."

According to Acting Director of
Studcnt University Activities .lamcs
Docllcfcld. tltc Campus Cc' tcr
Advisory Board mct Monday
without making recommendation on
SUM's application for officc spitcc.

“Don Biclccki. the Chairman of
thc Board. set a hcadlinc for milking
it recommendation at Fcbruary III."
said Docllcfcld. "I'vc not rcccivcd

t'r)lllillllt'll on [mgr/lire

Library Director Evaluation Due

h) Sit-ti- Brackclt

IIIL‘ cvziltizition o thc
pcrlormiincc of Library I)ll'L‘L‘ltil’ C.
I.liliv,'\ Schmidt is ckpcctctl to bc
tomplctcd h) I'cb. l5. accoi'diiigto
('ltnirpcrson of the Committee to
l \ttIllttIt‘ ilic Dircctor Minion
\liiiilcr

\Itiii/ct \ttltI that. in addition to
L ill\l_‘tI lit-.iiiiigs. in which
tiilt»iiii.itioii “its ptt‘scnlcd
“culling Schmidt's [)L‘lIUl‘IiliIllCL‘.
this ullllllllIIL't‘ \IIIICIIL'IJ cominciits
litrlll litctllIWi'N lll tlic \utiontil
[thin-y licld.

"\H scill out qticstionniiircs to
various groups asking tor thcii
opinions." shc SllItI. Among iliosc
\illllPICd. shc SHitI. \\CI'L‘ dctins and
dircctors. tlcpaii'lincntiil
t-liiiirpci‘sons. teaching faculty.
gradtizitc assistants. and \lll'ltlllS
studcnts.

"Within tlic Library." Mun/or
said. “all staff members and student
assistants Itavc been asked to
participate iii the cvaliiiilion
proccss."

A formal proccss for thc periodic
evaluation of deans and directors
was established by the Confcrcncc of

Dcans in Fcbruary. I970.

According to Vicc Prcsidcnt loi
Academic Affairs David Martin.
Schmidt's cvalittition is onc of four
prcscntly hcing coitdiictcd tit
SUNYA.

"\Vc rcvicw thc pcrl’ormitncc ol
ilciins every five years. 'I hosc who
him- hcctt in officc for fotir ycttrs arc
cit i'cnlly hcing i‘cticwcd." Martin
said.

Martin added that thccuilutitions
could possibly imprm‘c that person's
pct'ItifIllttiICL'. or rcstilt in salary or
ntcrit iiicrciiscs.

Schmidt said that lit: has been
asde for pcrsonal data by tltc
commitlcc dtiring tltc cviiluation
process. and has bccn invited to mch
Willi lhcm next Thursday.

“Besides my 'sclf-study‘
document. [in which Schmidt
analyzes his accomplishments and
success in meeting academic goals]
they have asked for comparative
budget data on the librarics at the
fort University Ccntcrs. and
information from persons I‘ve had
previous contact with. not on this
campus.“

Schmidt added that he has had

AMI"! m1

I UPI]
Former SA preeldent Steve DlMeo. whose “pet protect" was Student
Dwellings. Inc., was very disappointed about their recent troubles.

ALBANY STUDENT PRES

FEBRUARY 3. 1978

commcnts from \tiiious pcoplc on
campus about the evaluation pi‘occss
itsclf.

“Ihcrc is one school of thotight
that thc cvaltiations are not really
possiblc to do with any validity." hc
said. Oil Ihc other hand. he
continued. somc pcoplc rcgard tbc
cvaluations its the “ability to validly
cvtiluatc fact-ts of pcrformancc."

Miiriii Zych. who also sits oit tltc
committcc. said that thc cviiltiiition
has bccn a timc-consumingproct-ss.

“We usually mcct daily for two
hours at a time." shc said. She addcd
that the committee‘s dutics arc to
gather tbc data to be evaluated. ilntl
ii is tltc job of Martin to makc the
actual rccomincndations. and
cvaluation.

Munrcr said that thc final rcport
of the committee will summarilc thc
vicws of each of tltc groups from
which data were collcctcd. In the
cvcnt that a majority of the
responses are unfavorable towards
Schmidt's performance. she said that
he could be assigned to othcr duties
in the Library.

"But we have had a good response
so far." she added.

"ts/Miter mu uovm sitcom

sum Chairman Tito Martinez (left) and sun organizer Sharon Ward,
who Is also a SASU delegate. SUM to breaking away Irom SA.

Public Affairs Major
To Be Offered Next Fall

by David Korn

A new undergraduate major in
Public Affairs will be offered by
SUNYA next fall according to a
bulletin released by the Graduate
School of Public Affairs.

“This major teaches the student
how govcrnmcnt proccsscs work-
how action is cttrricd out." said
Acting chair ofthc Political Scicncc
Department. Churlcs Tarlton. "the
core oftltc coursc can bcdividcd into
two parts. The first concerns itself
with the skills. analysis. and
mclhodology needed for it study of
public policy and the second part
conccrns itsclf with the student‘s
particular policy coitccntriition."

l'hc corc of the major bcgins with
thc cottrsc Introduction to Public
l’olicyt Pos I40) which “III “providc
ii pcrspcctivc central to analysis of
public policy issues" according to thc
htillctin.

llic student thcn chooscs ait tircti
of public policy for specialization
such as environmental policy. urban
policy or public financc. In addition
to coiirsc work. the student is
rcqtlircd to intern in a govcrnmcnt
branch or u govcrncmnt l'CIilICd
conccrn in a field rcliitcd to his arca
ol conccntralion. and to \vritc a
comprchcnsnc research paper on his
particular public policy
spcciiili/iition.

"Public Policy is the study of
institutions the proccsscs and the
technologies by which public choices
arc made in a world of scarcity" said
'I'arlton.

Support courscs. which will
usually be taken in a student's
freshman and sophomore years. are
designed to give the student the
background to study his particular

public policy concentration. The
courses will include. among others.
tin English writing course.
Introduction to Political Science.
and two courses in Statistics.
Research Methodology. or
C omputcr Science.

The Public Affairs major has been
intcndcd as a more directed
vocational goal than that offered by
the standard curriculum in Political
Science according to the bulletin.

"Employment is and will remain a
major conccrn of the program"
states the bulletin. "GSPA maintains
a list of contacts and thcsc together
with contacts shared by other
dcpartmcnts should assist in getting
Public Affairs students internships
and eventually jobs.“

Public Policy

Formcr SUNYA Prcsidcpt
Emmett Ir'iclds rccommcndcd
stccring thc university toward the
iircii of Public Policy Ill thc Mission
Statcmcnt ol Frill I970.

III a Icttcr scnt by I‘iclds to thc
SUNV Vicc ('hnnccllor for
Academic Programs I‘iclds wrotc
Illill. "It [Public Affairs] is mount to
be an initial preparation for furthcr
profcssionul training,"

"Public Affairs is a gcncritl liberal
arts dcgrcc and no liberal arts
degree. pcr sc. can guarantccanyonc
ii job.“ said Tarlton. “Hopefully the
undergraduate program will run in
tandem and will be it preparatory
stagc for the graduate coursc in
Public Affairs or Public
Administration.“

According to the bulletin. the
Public Affairs major will also be
uscd by government employees who
wish to learn more about public
policy. ..

DiMeo Upset by Dwellings Flop

by J. M. Reilly

Former SA Prcsidcnt Slut
DiMco said Monday that hc was
“very disappointed" by the failure of
Studcnt Dwellings. Inc. to purcltitsc
two buildings on Hudson Avcnuc.

DiMco said that although Stiidciit
Dwellings hiid bccn his "pct project"
and currciit SA I’i'csidcnl Datc
(iold's itppciircd to bc studcnt
unionization. he said that lie felt it
was "understood that if out:
administration makes it
commitmcnt. the incoming one will
see that project through." Oitc ofthc
key elements of DiMco's
administration was Student
Dwellings. ti corporation set up to
buy or rent buildings in an attempt
to provide his cost housing for
students.

Student Dwellings President Suc
Sokol said she felt the project had
received insufficient support front

(iold and tho prcscnt SA. Shc said
Sttidcnt Dwellings had not icccitcd
the funding or the "local ~.iipport.
thc show of iiitcrcsl that has
csscnliiil to tho success of thc
ptojcct."

"Slcvc DiMco and Ittsl ycar's SA
had bccii bcliiitd Sitidcnt Dwellings
IUIJ pct cciil." said Sokol. " l he SA
Pi'csidcnt has it lot ol iiiflticucc. both
on Central ('oiiiit‘il 2in With the
administration. He has acccss to
pcoplc. and he cart kccp things from
gctting bogged down."

Studciit Dwellings 'l'rciistircr
Karlccn Karlson said sltc felt that the
altitude of the present SA
administration. compared to the
former one under DiMco had been
the “critical difference“ in the way
the project ran since the new
administration took over. She
added. "We were not a priority."

SA President Dave Gold said that

thc project was an “excellent idea
and vcry worthwhile." that he has
supporlcd it all along and will
continttc to support it. and added
that if Sttidcnt Dwellings “nccds
more resources. we art: at their
disposal. No one ever came to me
and asked me for additional
funds...if they had. I would have
tried to get it for them."

Karlson said that thcrc had been
no formal request for additional
funds from SA. but that “we were led
to believe that we wouldn’t get any
more by student board members
who arc also on Central Council.“

The purchase of the two buildings
on Hudson Ave. failed because of
the large disparity between the
mortgage payment terms requested
by Student Dwellings and those
finally offered by the National
Savings Bank. according to Sokol.

continued on page ﬂvc

PAGE THREE

 

