 

 
    

 

 

,.,

 
   

 ‘I . "IGIIe "5

a... “a... -
‘V
L

  

smmme‘. QM .

\4 e.

   

 

 

o

 

~w~ .. s... .— hwwW. v

  

vmm

 

 

 

 

by Bob Cohen
What is apartheid? A means to keep Black

Africans down by the paying of substandard.

wages. A system in which blacksare kept from
rebelling by a vicious government security
apparatus. In short, apartheid" is a system of
institutionalized oppression by which the
white minority in South Africa maintains its
privileged position over the black majority.
Apartheid, is in addition, an issue that
affects SUN Y students directly. Although the

university is a public institution maintained .

by the tuition monies of students, it also
invests large amounts of its funds abroad. The
State University today contributes to the
domination of the non-white majority
through its investment oj‘seven million dollars
of SUN Y endowment funds in corporations
that invest in South Africa. The list of SUNY
corporate investments reads like a laundry-list
of America's largest multinational
corporations: Ford, Dow Chemical
Company, IBM and McDonalds are just a
few.

Let me list a few ways that SUNY spends its
monies. Ford Motor Company, in which the
University possesses over “60,000 in stock, in
l973 reported sales of over $2,000,000 in
motor vehicles in South Africa. These vehicles
are used (in part) by the South African
government to maintain a brutal state security
system to exercise control over the nation's 22
million non-whites. Union Carbide
Corporation, another recipient of SUNY
funds is closely tied to South Africa‘s General
Mining and Finance corporation, a major
employer of Black Africans at subsubsistence
wages.

Proﬁts by American multi-nationals are
exacted from South African blacks at heavy.
costs. Although economic in origin, the
system of apartheid is maintained primarily by
brute force. Faced with enforcing a system of
domination which cannot be defended on
moral grounds the government must maintain
itself by “the sword.“ The South African legal
system uses the most up—to-date technology to
maintain its rule—technology only available
from western corporations. Students of the
South African situation have observed that
American investments are in key high-
iechnology sectors of the economy-
computers, oil, military hardware and the like.
l'o citejust one statistic — over 20% of South
Africa‘s l976-77 budget went to the state‘s
security apparatus and defense “capability”.

The fact is that South Africa needs
American investment to survive. And
American universities like ours play a key role
in that process. US. corporations invest
according to the best estimate 1.665 billion
dollars in South Africa representing l7% of all
direct foreign investment. American is second
only to Great Britain in the race to invest.
An active committee has been formed at
SUNYA to demand that SUNY'divest its
funds in all corporations that do business with
South Africa. We of the SUNYA Committee
Against Apartheid believe that divestment is
the only means by which the South African
people can be free to determine their own
destinies/rec ol’j'oret‘gn intervention.

Before I conclude, let me address one major
objection that has been raised to divestment.
There are those who contend that corporate
funds should remain in Southern Africa to
serve as a “liberalizing inﬂuence" on that
regime. Given time, these individuals argue
that investment and the Gross National
Product in South Africa will increase
sufficiently to provide for a decent income for
all sectors of the population — including
blacks. These individuals contend furtherthai
apartheid is a remnant ofthe racism ofthe past
and is incompatable with current economic
growth. So we should be encouraging
investment A not hampering it._

This argument is flawed from two major
standpoints. First, the South Africa economic
system has always been dependent on cheap
ex loitablc black labor. Hence. in reality
further investment in South Africa will mean
further exploitation and development ofmore
sophisticated and technology-based forms of
oppression — not less. There is significant
evidence for this. Secondly. rather than being
dysfunctional for the development ofindustry '
A— as some have claimed — apartheid has
always been a vital part ofthe South African
economic system — as l have tried to point
out. The political system of apartheid and the
economic exploitation of blacks are mutually
interdependent — you can't talk about
eliminating one without eliminating the other.
Let‘s face the facts.

Although the students of the anti-apartheid
committee believe strongly in the divestment
mechanism as a means of endingthe system of
apartheid, there are obviously many different
opinions on this question. For this reason, the
committee has joined with the African and

 

 

Old Glassy Eyes is Back

To the Editor:

Alter closely examining your centerfold
(Dec. l) photos (speciﬁcally the one including
a seedy-looking character named Oat) I have
come" to the conclusion that your paper is
gmlty of falsification of said photos and
misrepresentation of the news. When blown
up approximately 5 times, it is apparent to any
person with superior detective skills that said
pliotoris either: I. actually not a reprint of the
.off-campus dwelling it purports to be or 2. the
means of identifying two persons who should
be indicted for larceny and most probably
nosession of one or more illegal and highly
dangerous drugs. In either case, I must say
that I am shocked and appalled. Previous to
this incident, the ASP was held in the high
personal regard alongside such publications as
the li’arhington Post, New York Times and
tire IlllJ‘Sidit‘ Daily Press. Now, however, I will
use your newspaper only to wrap fish in.

My primary piece of evidence in the above
allegations can be found by inspecting the
upper-left hand corner of said photo. In my
upcoming lawsuit against Albany Student
Press I am prepared to call between five and

seven thousand witnesses who will all
positively identify that object as a common

' SUNYA desk. To put it mildly -— your goose

is cooked, and the ball game is over.

What makes this case so distressing, is that
fact that i can‘t even hope that you have not
llllhl'Cpr'SClllCd a dull, drab on campus room
as a luxurious offcampus apartment. For, in
this case, one must only conclude that this
character identified as Ost, and his shifty-eyed
accomplice are guilty of desk stealing. How
h) pocritical r in the same issue you relate the
escalating incidence of RAT—chair thievery.
llic pain of it all!

l-inzilly, your unquestionable bad-taste in
implying that 051 and his unidentified friend.
are typical of the average off-campus student
is qunc offensive. Such a person, who is
probably a habitual user ofhard drugs (as can
he noted from his glassy-eyed appearance —
licltcr illumintcd in the 5x blowup) is not
iypiciil of that group, students in general, or
young people. But, typical or not ~ I always
believed the ASP to be a family newspaper.
(How can I explain to my 7 year-old nephew
why this Osi person is staring moronically into
space?) -

 

Afro-American Studies
sponsor a forum entitled “South Africa: The
Question of Divestment" to be held on
Thursday, December 7th at 8PM in LC 24.
Among the speakers featured will be John
Ccttlc of the South Africa Foundation, who

department to

, _ug_ only recourse in lrying to preserve m
principles that have made Ammmi
Journalism great is to bring suit agains‘yOul:
corporation. After all, I am sure that eve
would not want to see the day whm m N),
, 'I'itties prints a picture of a telephonc pol: 
captions it “300 year-old Giant Redwood Tm
in California.

it you

Outraged and deeply upscl
Edward J. Huey
(Legal action pending)

Student Tax Reply

To the Editor:

Paul Fcldman's rcccnt essay, “The mum
of the Student Activity iii SUNYA“. issucha
bungled, chaotic attempt at analysis ihail‘m
surprised it even got past youreditorial board.
While the false analogies, the conflictingvicw
points and the piece-meal presentation hm:
ihcir amusing qualities. the humor becomes
ll'l'llflllUn when Mr. Feldman begins by
extolling the ability of sludcrlls to control
funds and then concludes in favor of
abrogating that right to a caretaker
government! Yet. no amount of political
bullshit can mask the fifL‘l that ilns posiiirinisa
L'llUSl: of, not ii solution to, ihc pimm
problems in the funding process.

It has been licldmiin's c\pcriuncc than
students are sufficicntly responsible loconfiiil
funds for studcnt nctnitics, Ill this our.
athletics. This is clear despite his illogitul
assumptions that high test scores or
involvement in activities indicate fiscal klltm-
how. The State of New Yorkisthcuchiisusud
for not providinglhc money in nllowineffccl.
the students to prove llicir nhiliiics. Such
childish requests from gmcinincni ism
soundly rejected in the lust clcciions. so uhyu
this torch being held high when ll is. iihiious
these two ideas cannot il\L' lll irindcin‘.’ If M
wziiil locontrol more iiitincy, \iccaincxpcctno
one to raise it but ouisclics. Allld us such. \lt‘
should be welcoming the opportunity.
through the lccs, to misc or inner and disperse
wiili funds as we scc ill. Hits |.\ impossith if
ilic money comes from ilic coffcn of flit-suite.
since they have n i'csponsibilii) to it“ of the
citi/ciis, not just to it fcw disgiunilcd or
curiuycnt college students.

Mr. l‘cldman is wrong also in comparing
New York unfavorahlyivith oilm \llllt'sillillt

' refusal to support massnc illlllt‘llL' piogriinls.
thn I attended Ai'i/orizi .‘siaic l lll\‘L'l>ll)’.il
state college in 'l'empc. All/tilln. lllL'iL' “ch

will attempt to defend the South African
government's brutal policies. '1 his forum IN till
opportunity for all members of the lllil\c|\ll)
community to air their views (on open
discussion will be held) as well as to )lt‘i mom
information about this vital qllChlfiill.

 

i

 

 

AW THE T
0“? FA

  

are m mm mm an

 

ADV I
an
ifth 00'
YOU . "

00 W Finale

19 OK) All?

Ms,“ moor,
E ((00 SHOto

YOUR H540 to
thf‘b Town ,,
LLL SHOOT Va).

) “anew.

9 WEWEHEMT
W455 “WV
I [ingress/t A
some élEl/ (DA
nx. cote W6
Nut? M55; W
iL‘K

 

NUD '{Hf9 0w (0?

IF 46 C
Wang?
new
rue hours.

 

 

 

 

 

 
   
 
 
 

v uni complaints about the dichotomy

on academic departments scramling for

gh funds for essential supplies and the

' all team putting up bail for two gridiron

who were arrested for cheating the

one company out of thousands of

 is. One of those arrested said he though

1 itcd calls were part of his "deal", which

I proved to include use ofa school car and

’ . I load purchases to supplement the

ria fare. It was just this sort of

J icncc with corruption that prompted the

.to forbid great expenditure on sports in

. st place, and in this it is still the leader in

'insiblc attitudes on funding, not the

ater. And no, I do not see "the role

‘ ‘fLs plays in developing an identity for a

 ‘ its a “well-known" or at all credible
ion'al reason for their support.

really scents as though Feldman is

ioning the right of students to remain

te dent upon both our parents and the state

we lupport. He is correct in stating that the

tin airmcntul issue is one of taxes, but since

tuna"! rents are the taxpayers and so many of

sign ill living off of them, what right do we

a 0 tell them to pay even more for our

:Ic'ﬂurc'.’ Furthermore, we should be trying to

away from service—oriented
50V, mounts. and face the truth that
to lg spending now will only mean

:ttoi'bitant faxes to deal with later. We must
ask I on a more equitable share of
esponsibility for our standard of living if we
vant- it Without more taxation for its
maintenance.

Poor writing and had arguments aside, Mr,
.‘cldman would have been better off had hc
islened to his constituency and realized that if
in: want athletics or anything else, yes, we
host be allowed to decide. but we must also
igree to loot ilic bill. The fees give us this
hence to really prove ourselves.

Adrian Vance

titliiniiation Is A Necessity

l'ogthe Editor:

We appreciate very much your hospitality
to .publicize the view of the independent
nudity and professionals of ‘the State
Jniitcrsity of New York regarding the
orthcoming election about union
 scntation within the university.

[it September [977, before the imposition of
:heragcncy fee, only 4240 out of [6,200 faculty
.ind professionals, or about 26%, were
ofuiiiiiry members of the present union,
United University Professions. Since then,
natty faculty and professionals were
:iressurcd to join the union by the argument
(hat "since you piiy anyway, you may as well

 

join.“ When they joined, many faculty and
professionals also did not know that non-
union pcople paying agency fees are entitled to
a substantial refund of the up to $250 yearly
payments. Many more also did not know that
this refund is going to be even more

substantial after it pertinent decision of the '

Michigan Court of Appeals, holding that
forced agency fees spent by the union for any
purpose other than for contract negotiations
and grievances constitute a violation of the
constitutional rights of non-union employees.
On this basis it may be reasonable to assume
that the original 74% of faculty and
professionals who did not belong to the union
before the agency fee was imposed still have
the same feelings about union control of their
present and future. I may also be reasonable to
assume that the original 74% of non-union

faculty and professionals are very
disappointed indeed by the union's
performance.

for the current year, it may be reasonable to
believe that the State of New York would have
L'ilslly agreed to at least 5 I/2 percent salary
iiidrcnsc without negotiations, making the 6
It). pcrgcnt obtained by the union of no gain
to us since 1% olihat is paid in unionfces. And
when the past twenty years are examined.
innny faculty and professionals will find that
lilL‘ll' salaries tripled from l958. to I970,
without any lunions, while with the union in
the seventies there was an all over increase of
less than 30%. Three hundred percent versus
less that tliiriy percent speaks for itself!

lhc independent faculty and professionals
of the State University of New York, who are
still believed to include about three fourths of
the total, have reason to reject all unions ,
whether UUP. NYEA or AAUP in the
forthcoming election and to vote for no union
representation. The last two are not any more
professional organizations, but are now just
another labor union.

ln‘thc present hard times for our country
and Ior the world as a whole, it may be wise
and realistic to be satisfied ifour salaries can at
least keep up with inflation. The union has not
achieved this goal. since the current rate of
inflation is approaching 10 percent. It is
reasonable to assume, however, that in a non-

~coinpciitivc atmosphere, unpollutcd by union

parasitism, the taxpayers, through the State
Legislature, would readily agree to a yearly
salary incrciisc in line with the rate of’inf‘lation.
Ihis much we can achieve, without any
unions, by ourselves through the already
existing structure provided by our elected
I'Cpl'L'ScnlfIllVCS in the Faculty Assembly and in
the Sciiiilc of the State University of New
\ ill ix.
Dr. A. Stcvcn Gianncll de Jannell
Professor of Psychology
Suite University of New York, Potsdam

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
   
  
 

YO UlﬁELF 60 ?

 

 

I Hzia/r/Irtulim VIM"

I’ I t . r "
[In my .. , gamma/WM“

 

Mama”. ..

 

 

 

trlt'qyglitz Villdgt’,__
way Do You Abuse

TFUL AND
RELAerc-y!

ALTHO,’ LlKE ANY sewer
n-HAS lTS FRUSVKATING

814:6
Beqoﬁe

       
  
 

    
 
     

   
 

" ,. 1
WWmn

 

 

 

Goo/ubith
Jiﬂa'quO“ Kicr.‘

 

     
     

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Guns Today, SWAT Tomorrow?

Public Safety Director Jim Williams should be commended for his
nevepending efforts to bring guns to the SUNYA prilice ofﬁcers. In
April of 1977 he conquered the first obstacle when University Police
officers Were given the right to carry guns at night. Today the proposal
tabled by the Senate to give officers limited guns during daylight hours
could be another step in the law and order direction. 4 '

Consider the potential:

A SUNYA senior runs his accounting fingers-through a reserve
reading in the library and it quietly 'slips into his knapsack. But as he
passes through the electronic detector more bones and sirens go off
than at a New Year’s Eve in Times Square.

Stricken by the thought of a ruined academic career, he dashes back
into the library, downstairs to periodicals and holes up next to the stacks
of Russian science journals.

But all is not lost, because the SUNYA SWAT team responds in a
flash. Quickly the buildingis sealed off and control is gained ofall areas
but that immediately surrounding the pcrpertrator. Bullet-proof vested
sharpshooters are deployed around the stacks, and negotiations begin. .

Alas, they prove fruitless and action is needed. With a combination of
teargas and coverfire, officers overpower the criminal. Unfortunately,
he is cut down in the crossfire. Too bad, but the law is the law.

Granted, this scenario is exaggerated, and a question as serious as
guns on campus should not be treated lightly. But there are more serious
potentials.

Williams‘ main thrust may be his concern over campus cash deposits,
(although they have not been threatened), but it is better that a few
thousand dollars is lost than a gun battle be fought out on the podium. A
criminal can be dealt with another day, a dead student cannot.

On a busy day, this campus is filled with thousands of people. most of
them students. It is a hectic atmosphere much like that of a small city.

But it is not a small city, it is a university. And while students are as
concerned as anyone, probably moreso, about their safety, guns are not
the answer.

Concessions have been made in the past. University Police was given
the right to guns at night, when an officer is faced with the dangers of
darkness and an increased chance of crime.

But Williams is not satisfied. His plan from the start obviously was to
concede when forced to, butto gain full rights to guns in the end. Now he
is asking for two guns during the day, and next year it could be four; in

I980 full fire power. The trend is there.

Simply put, the more guns there are on this campUS in the daytime
hours, no matter in whose hands, the greater the chance of a deadly
accident. '

 

 

 

'I IlllMA\ h‘lAMllllJ). l;tllllll-lll-( lin-l
M..l. h1lMMllll. .lA\ (lissn. llitnitging Lt/Ifl‘rl
. . . . . . . . , . . . . , . . . . . . .Jll.l. HAHER

. . . , , . . . . . . Srivi. ()Sll'lt, CIIAKLILS Ill-.i.i.

Asi-it is iinioii . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . l2oir'ii Bl'kl' '

Assot IAH rum is llltltm . . . . . . , , , . . . . .S'lI-TI’IIANII: Di.i. VALLI

St-ouis iniriin . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . th‘ll SI:I.I(iS()N

Awn IAII sroiris ioiitms . . . , . . . . . Ptuii. Si‘iika'ix. leiii OSIlUltN

l'.l)llllMlAl ruins iiiiioit . . . . . . , . . . . . , . . . , , . . . .ZM‘ii Ki-i.suN

\i m IDI imt
Aswt Mil MW!» “"1th

  
 

 

 

siAii \\ itirins: ltohcri llliiscnstciii. .lell Corona, Janet Ccrrii, Marie Coriissor. (Jury Douglas.

\fikc ltiiiiiic. Michclc lsiiicl. Jeff Kctincll, Kcn Kurtr, J.M. Reilly. Dori ltossi. Aron Smith.

llL'illililll Sniiih. |);nid Spiro AI' Minutias: Jesse Schercr. Lloyd l.c\ciihcrg moi/w NLWh:
I .iiim Schinuh vnrviiw PAUL: ltiiinn ()ruci Niws IDI'IOlt Grill” [’52 Miiiihew Cox

JONATHAN llouuis‘. [hotness Manager
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . DininL- Kori
. . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . CAKUL Corniss
, . . . . . . . . . . . , . , . . . . . . . . . . Susan Assun
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . BENNY BROWN

onutrismr; MANAGIR
Burma (‘UNSUIIIAN‘I
PAvnoLL MANAUHI
Boimktcrrmi . . . . . . . . . .
SALES rtasonNLm Stew: Goldstein, Jeff Leviian, Richie Mermclslcin. Jody Wilncr CLAssiiiLu
xovntrisrrso: Stew: Muuei CoMrosnION: Amy Sours, Jeanne Ja AD PRODUK‘IIUN MANAGIIH

licnc l-‘iimui AD nonunion: Hildy Brand, Julie Greenberg. .it Kwasnik', Liz Rozwod,

l iIIIliI Scliraub. Stephanie Sherman OFFICE: Lisa Applehnum, Ruth 'l'erill, Darlene l‘l’lCd

HAt‘lHIN (‘Aiuui'rm Production Manager
Lynn HIM. Astoria/i! Production Manager

LURAINI; l.lltl ltA'l'ttltl-I
. . . , . . . . . . . . . . , . . . BRIAN Klllt'IZI:R
. . . . . , . . . . . , . . . , . .RUII VAN Ultqvlzll

HIM) iii-isi
\IIlII( Al, 1 AMHtA
(.ttAI'tlli s iotiiiiiiMion

visit ll’: mill) ’\llll llicclici. l‘lilllll Diamond, Laurie Studwcll, Tom Wallace ivris'is: Sally
\llll “H'Lllt'l. l)i.in.i ( UL'illiill. Rtllllll (ioldliwg. (,‘hciyl Kniilmnri. (‘larii Kuclilcr, Muiilyii
\lsl»t.il\\Il/. lti.iii.i (liut'i. l\) Pcllt. I [Hi Sclkin, licili Stone PAM. PRH‘Z Leslie Appclbiium
i-nooi lilAlth: Donna Rcichnci
I’IIUIOURAI’IIY, supplier] principally by University Photo Service
(NIH I'tlultltillltl‘llut: Mary Ann lloviik rnoiotinxviiixs: Ton 'l'iissiiroiti. Laura Viscusi,
Scott Aiciiniii, ltourinc Kiihikoff. llrih lconard. Tanya Ann fl rvcy, Jeff Schncchiiurn,
Sum lci'clh, llowic Jitcohs, John (how, The Moon Ice

ESTABLISHED I9l(i

l/It' 'lll‘tliil‘ .S'ttirli'tit I’ri'si is [Illfl/fdllt‘tlt’l’l'rj‘ 'l'itei’tlui' [Hill [-Iftfll‘)‘ ilttring lilt’.\'("lt)ttfl)‘l‘lll by the

11"!!!” .S‘titili'tit l'ri'ii (injunction, an tndrpent/cnr tin/:liuqtndit organization. lklilttrial

[min-i ti ili'ti'rniini'il [W the Iz'ilrtitr-in-(litul, (Hill is Jilll/t‘ll ill It‘l'lt‘lt‘ hr the Editorial liottril.

,lliiiltttg .-1ilii'ti'.i\‘ ‘lflliilll ‘ititilittit Print, ((129. HIM H'uilutiitlittt Aria, i‘iliiullt, Nl' I323]
t.llN)457~.’frf‘)]

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

