,. .rrc "tn .. 

 

 

a. -1.-v a;  .—

~... :5le v».

.. - 1.», we...“ Ahwcqu-u‘. ‘ ....‘..,.c..~--..«za-3-.

s “Neva-cw. I

we. M... ‘mwﬂ -

"Wt' s» mu eunuch

.a. .e

a _ was... My .c,».___,y.._.. ..

 

 

Friday, September ‘22

Free Beer, Munchies E: Music
i in Van .iten (Dutch Quad)
9:00 -?

Sponsored by Psi Gamma
“The Other Sorority”

 

 

 

GOOD-Witt
MISSON OF THE
35mm ice)? CHtNA“

Reception Party: '
Time - Saturday afternoon Sept_ 30 3-5 pm

, Place - Assembly Hall Campus Center

,_ , Performance:
 ‘Tirne - Saturday night 8 - 10 pm

.  Place - Page Hall (Downtown Campus)

sponsored
by SUN YA

 tin

Free Admission

 

 

 

 

 

 

"" ‘iltlr 

Music Council Presents:

M A P'AN MLPYXRTLAND
Famous Jazz Pianist

October 6 Page Hall

Tickets on sale in P. A. C. Box Office

457 -8606
$3.50 General Admission
$3.00 General Students & Senior Citizens
$2.00 Students with Tax card

funded by student association

 

 

 

 

 }
Frank's Living Room:

bar. talking lazily or not at all. Leo pulled
up an empty barstool and joined them,
fading for days. He had . engaging in unsure conversation with it
bedded down early and now woman who wore red plastic punts,
the glowing digital clock Bright red. 4

across the dark room clicked ever closer Some young looking kids were
toward 2:00 a.m. Leo snarled under-his whooping it up in the far corner, buying
breath and finally turned on the dimlight pitchers and humming cigaretth and
with the yellowed lampshade and sat up, taking trips to the bathroom. l.lllglllltgt1l
frustrated as all hell. He lit upacigarctte each other the whole lllllL‘. Somehow.
and exhaled with a sigh. and hlthought theyvseemed out oi place liming the
about nothing in particular except that he evening Frank 5 can be a wild plut‘c toll of
d not sleep. The s'inoke rose in little passionate people who are proud and
fervent hedonists. But when it LN \L‘Iylmtg‘

t was a cold night and the heat
in Leo's apartment had been

coul '
rings and as he watched they hit the e ‘ r ’
cciling one by one and broke upinto even Frank 5 Living Room becomes it refuge
smaller swirls and shapes. And when this for people like Leo who spend loilgniglm
grew tiresome. Leo knew it was time to thinking about things imcngcl). and
put on some clothes and walk the two maybe .too much ior their own good.
blocks to Frank's Living Room. When is it Very late, when true night

Tlm Lodwlth

He walked along Quail Street and the
crisp -air woke him completely,
sharpening his senses. The leaves were
rustling as the wind picked up and some
of them blew off and danced across the
deserted pavement. Leo walked faster. He
passed an old man who slept on the
ground near Western Avenue. leaning
against a wall with his head to the side.
The old man‘s mouth was open and
through it he snared and grunted and
made old man sounds.

in the distance, like an oasis in the
night, neon lights glowed. A bus passed
all lit up on Western with no passengers
and Leo, exchanged uncertain glances
with its bored, hunched over driver, both
of them wondering why they were going
through the motions in the somber
Albany night. Leo crossed the street and
the faraway lights came closer, and their
blur slowly melted into shapes, then
letters. “Frank's Living Room,“ they said.
and Leo approached the entrance. As he
walked down the steps and opened the‘
door, Lou Reed wailed louder on the
street. The window's neon lights seemed
to glow a little brighter as the door closed
and Frank‘s swallowed up another
wanderer from the night, and the street
became quiet once again. '

Inside. the Thursday night cde safe harbor of Frank‘s in the dark, wind
which had greeted Friday morning with swept World outside. The autumn Wind

creep by, their passion turns inward. They

sit in groups at the heavy wooden picnic
tables or alone at the bar, drinking their
last drinks and not wanting to go back
into the night.

suggested that she and Leo take astab at
the electronic baseball game in the back,
They made their way through the crowd——
Frank's is so small that it is almost always
Ichallenge to negotiate your waythrough
the mob —— and they finally reached th
“in; machine, Leo slipped ii quarter
.0 the slot, and so did the woman with
the plastic pants, and the machine clicked
and shuddered and let out loud electronic

play, and electronic crowd erupted into
wild cheering, and the tireless, ghost-like
players on the screen scurried about with
their endless electronic zeal. And aftera
couple of innings the machine clicked oi
abruptly with a final loud cheer, and the
game was over.

Leo and the woman with the brighter
plastic pants returned to their place atthe
bar and looked out the window through
the neon sign for a while. Then she left,

watching her cross the dim street outside.
She glanced about lurtively as she

 

not thin out. The music was loud because sight big scraps of paper scurried across
the music in Frank‘s is alwaysloud,just as Quail Street. Leo was getting tired iindso
it is almost always Lou Reed, and it was Frank‘s Living Rooiti,itiitllotiRcctl
drowned 0U! the murmur of the crowd, waited “i guess that i just don‘t know.
Many people were hunched over at the Leo agreed.

V mil/7'79"  i r ' . ( wow/ow

. y
Inch/WI" m“

LiViiio _
ROOM 3

4W, 7, 

(r u
t

' uni)

i

 

 

 

Frank's Living Room to tor creatures of the night. (Photo: Laura VII

 

 

~ 1111.1 '13 .251“ _

e mm.gg,'.m§.

 

Shelter From The storm 

descends and the early morning hours I

The woman with bright red pants I

sounds. As Leo and the woman beganto I

and Leosat silently finishing ol'i'liisdrink. ’
walked, a brightly clad lugitye lromthe ' '

enthuiasm was growing tired, but it did i was blowing harder,and she laded out of ‘

lack and white, ﬁre and ice,
Mutt and Jeff. Contrasts like
these are the essence of Daryl
‘ Hall and John Oates who
brought their hybrid blend of

College this past Tuesday night.

'Cit'y Boy, 3 group of six men from
birminghum, England, opened the show.
They were an adequate group with a style

ibasically consisting of rock and roll with
added touches of R & B, reggae, and
vaudeville.

' Stophanlo'bol Valle

Probably the best aspect of City Boy‘s
performance was when during their last
‘number, “Dear Jean“ a smoke bomb
ﬂashed behind the drums, part of the
‘special effects of the show. The effect it
had however was not to shock and excite
the audience, but to set off the ﬁre alarm.
The effect of City Boy was essentially the
same « they worked hard, but. . .

When the lights went down for the
second time. the audience began to show
signs oflife. It was clear that the audience
was here to see Hall and Oates.

A pink scrim which had been drawn
across the stage during the intermission
was liftéd, revealing the seven piece band
tearing into “Don‘t Blame it on Love"
.from their current album Along the Red
Ledge.

The audience showed their
appreciation for the band with rousing
applause — then they sat back for “Do
lWhat You Want, Be What You Are.“
During this number. the sound was not as
muddy as it had been for City Boy; it was
iricher, cutting‘through the foggy wall of
“unsound” that existed in the hall, and
trying to reach the audience. It was
amazing that such sound was produced
considering the acoustics of the hall.

Their next song, “1 Don‘t Wantto Lose
.You", a catchy pop tune also from their
new album. is a song that is a lot different
from what they‘ve done in the past. it‘s
‘more commercial in the middle-of-the-
!road sense. People around me were
actually tapping their feet to it; astrange
reaction to any previous Hall and Oates
material. They moved right into,a slower.

 

HIII'I in

_________§_______..—-

 

 

‘rock and soul to the stage of Siena.

note we crlbed as iollno-Ilko. (Photo: Jolt Sehnoobcum)

Home Cotes
Shine ot Sieno

more cmoticinal rendition of the
Temptation‘s classic “My Girl“. Tlus was
deﬁnitely one of the soul records of the
last sixties but the sound, while valid and
effective; was well, white. It was sung in
the typical Hall style; his vocals weaving
around and ﬁnally triumphantly arriving
at the peak notes of the melody, with
Daryl swaying to the beat of the music.
deriving energy from it. Blue Eyed Soul?
Perhaps in this case.

Two fast rockers, strategically placed
to get the audience jumping, followed.

"Ennui On the Mountain" and “Gino
(The Manager),“ both from the silver

album, usually get the audience clapping
and singing along, but it didn't effect this
crew in the least. The music was energetic,
but the audience simply wasn't.

But the best was yet to come. The scrim
was lowered again with beautiful blue
clouds on it, and Hall and his keyboards
were placed in front of it. Despite the
horrendous aceoustics, a sea of
synthesized sound was created, wave
upon wave washed over the audience,
creating the warm. muted sound of
“August Day". The lyrics by Sara Allan
of “Sara Smile" fame, and the music by
Hall, the song was milky rich in texture.
Hall‘s curvyjauy high tenor soared as he
accompanied himself, drawing such a
strong positive reaction from the
audience, some yelling “Sing iti“. others
"Yeah!" with the spirit of a revival
meeting. The saxophone added even
more warmth to the slow lazily melodic
piece. Hall received a well deserved
standing ovation for his performance.
The audience was beginning to loosen up
and enjoy themselves.

“Sara Smile“, one of their biggest hits,
was another highlight of the show, Hall
surprised the audience by singing the ﬁrst
part of a line then stopped, letting the
crowd complete it.

Smoothly modulating into "She’s
Gone", another hit. the group bythis time
had the audience as attentive as was
possible. The ever-present sax was there
again. wailing the pent up emotions ofthe
song which words just couldn‘t express.
The audience could genuinely feel this

emotion and they showed their.

Hall into mrgy the audience dldn‘t. (Photo: Joli Schnoobaum)

appreciation by stomping on' the
bleachers and the floor — the onlysounds
they could make that carried to the stage
without being swallowed by the
cavernous room.
Their last two songs were both from
itheir new album- “Its a Laugh", which is
probably to be their new single release,
and “Melody for a Memory", the latter
sung by Oates. The depth of feeling
communicated by him was unreal. They
had the audience riveted by now— by the
music, by Hall's feline-like music, by
'Oates‘ stoic. mtisculine intensity, by the
band's tightness and musicality and by
the feeling created by the combination of
all of these elements.
John Oates, who had in contrast to his

‘partner. been quietly playing rhythm

guitar and singing harmony. finally had a
song to himself to sing. From the LP
Beauty on a Backstreet. “The Emptiness"
was written by him and reﬂects hisstvle.
One Sided Show

Oates‘ influence was sorely missing
from the entire show. He got to sing four
songs of about eighteen. Lack of his
distinctive touch resulted in a show that
was very one-sided and was a

disappointment in that respect.

Also noticably missing was material.

ifrom Adandoned Luncheoneiie.
particularly the Oates' tour-de-force “I'm
Just a Kid (Don‘t Make Me Feel Like a
Mnn)." The reason why this well loved
piece of music was excluded from the
show eludes this reporter. V

After they made their exit,and a number
of the audience followed suit, Hall and
,Oates‘ returned to the stage and encored
,with “Alley Katz“ and “Room to
Breathe“. everyone now pulsing with
motion to the fast energy on stage.

The second encore was planned — the
audience that was left did not muster
enough support or enthusiasm to
encourage them to their return on thei
own. But they were stilr ‘we'lc’c‘imed.
“Pleasure Beach". sung by Oates, was
their last song, and they departed from
the stage with a hasty “G‘night!”

Somehow. l was relieved at the
concert‘s end. The acoustics caused the
music to be rendered only as passable; the
audience which was one ofspectators and
not of paiticipators, took away the
exciting edge to the show -— that of
interaction. The emptiness of the
fieldhouse was disheartening. Despite all
its drawbacks. however, the show was a
very good one; itwas musical and tense. lt
was a Hall and Oates.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

