 

 

 

 

 

 

united

TOKYO (AP).WorId War II enemies China and Japan
concluded a peace treaty yesterday which Chinese Vice
Premier Teng Hello-ping said would contribute to
friendship “for generations to come.” Many Japanese
newspapers hailed the start of a. "New Era” after the
exchange of instruments of ratiﬁcation of the pact signed in
Peking Aug. l2. some 33. years after hostilities ended. Teng
and Prime Minister Takeo Fukuda witnessed the ﬁnal
signatures on the brief documents by their foreign ministers.
toasted each other with champagne. then kissed on both
cheeks. After murmuring “Kampai.” Japanese for “long
life.” Teng said the treaty “helps build more solid-
foundations for relations between our two countries." He
added it would intensify political, economic. cultural. and
scientiﬁc exchanges as well as safeguard peace in Asia and
the Paciﬁc. He also invited Fukuda to visit Peking. The peace
treaty follows a series of multibillion-dollar deals between
the two countries which link Japan to China's drive to
become a modern industrial power by the year 2000.

TreatyAlmost Complete

WASHINGTON (AP) President Anwar Sadat of Egypt is
not completely satisfied with the draft peace treaty with
Israel that was agreed to over the weekend and wants some
"clariﬁcations." informed sources said yesterday. Sadat is
not rejecting the treaty. said the sources.~who asked not to be
identiﬁed. They did not know whether the clariﬁcation he is
seeking will require renegotiation ofthe issues the two sides
had agreed on. In Cairo. Prime Minister Mustafa Khalil, in
an interview with The Associated Press. denied reports the
document had been rejected. "It is totally wrong." he said.
“ We have asked for modifications." Khalil did not elaborate.
He said he and Sadat reviewed the draft at a two-hour
meeting and “informed our delegation in Washington about
some technical remarks on the text." The Israeli Cabinet also
was studying the compromises made in two days of
negotiations that brought the two countries to the verge ofa
treaty to end 30 years of war and hostility. “The principal

 

 

-w0rld steamers;

 

issues in the negotiations have been resolved so far as the
Egyptian and Israeli delegations are concerned," State
Department spokesman George Sherman announced
Sunday.

NewPope PledgesDiplomacy

VATICAN CITY (AP) Pope John Paul II met with
representatives of I25 nations and international
organizations yesterday and pledged to continue the Roman
Catholic Church‘s diplomatic initiatives toward communist
nations. encouraging “all the initiatives that can be taken."
“The principles which guided my predecessors. and
especially the mourned Pope Paul VI. will continue to inspire
the action of the Holy See.“ said the pontiff in an address to
the delegates who attended his installation on Sunday. John
Paul did not cite any speciﬁc policy or country by name. but
the reference to the so-called “Ostpolitik.” or policy of
working accommodation with communist nations. appeared
clear from his mention of Pope Paul. It was under Paul that
the Vatican began diplomatic initiatives to Soviet bloc
countries with the aim of protecting the estimated 60 million
Roman Catholics Iiving'under communist governments —
and more than 30 million in John Paul's native Poland.

Arms Talks to Continue

MOSCOW (AP) Prospects dimmed yesterday for quick
conclusion of a U.S.-Soviet arms limitation agreement and
Soviet Foreign Minister Andrei A. Gromyko said another
round of negotiations “presumably” will have to be held.
“ We are working. we are working very hard." Gromyko told
reporters during a luncheon recess in the second day oftalks
here with Secretary of State Cyrus R. Vance. “The matter is
very complicated." With Vance at his side. Gromyko said:
" We are a little closer than we were‘in Washington." Added
Vance: “I would agree with that. As I said before, these things
are built brick by brick.“ Washington wasthc site ofthe last
round oftalks. three weeks ago. in thejoint effort to complete

ﬂ

a SALT ll treaty limiting strategic bombers and
intercontinental ballistic missiles. Vanee’s spokesman,
Hodding Carter. refused to specify what the remaining
obstacles were or what progress may have been made here.
Asked whether the results measured up to Vance‘s
expectations. Carter said. “This is roughly where he though.
he would be."

Advisers in Disagreement

NEW YORK (AP) The voluntary wage and price guidelines
President Carter is expected to propose will not curb
inflation. says a top economist of the previous
administration. Alan Greenspan. chairman of the White
House's Council of Economic Advisers under former
Republican President Gerald Ford. also said Sunday thc
United States is likely to have a recession sometime in the
next two years. However, Walter Heller, an adviser to
Democratic presidents John F. Kennedy and Lyndon
Johnson. disagreed with Greenspan during an appearance
Sunday on ABC's “Issues and Answers." lleller said
guidelines alone were not an answer. but added that the
“president. if he does it right. if there's real conviction and
clout to the program. could somewhat de-escalate the rule of
inflation.“ This meant moderating, not curing. inflation by
using the prestige and economic levers ofthe presidency in
terms of budget. procurement. and government regulation.
lleller said.

 

Tribes Win Land Claims

AUGUSTA. MAINE (AP) Maine‘s top leaders agreed
yesterday to settle the massive Indian land claims case
witltout a court fight. accepting a negotiated settlement
which calls for two Indian tribes to receive $27 million and
[00,000 acres. President Carter personally approved the deal
last week in a telephone conversation with U.S. Sen. William
I). Hathaway. If the Indians and Congress go along. the
compromise plan would settle one ofthe largest Indian land

 

 

cases in the nation for a fraction ofthe original claim.

 

 

/i I 0
Candidates Take Notice

SASU. despite its student voter registration drive. will not
support any of the candidates running for statewide ofﬁce in
the upcoming election.

“It was not possible to endorse anyone without
membership approval." said SASU president Steve Allinger.
Allinger said that the last full membership meeting held by
SASU was in June. before it was known who the candidates
would be. The next full membership meeting won't be held
until after the elections.

There was another reason behind the decision.

Allinger said that SASU should informthe students about
the candidates. but not tell them who to vote for.

In addition. Allinger added. underthe foundation status of
SASU as a tax free corporation. it is “forbidden to use money
for partisan politics." He said that an endorsement could
jepordize SASU's foundation status. but added that this
doesn't mean that SASU would never endorse a candidate.
The organization has not sapported a poitical candidate in
the past.

SASU is urging students to vote. according to SASU
delegate Sharon Ward, “We sent out questionaires to the
candidates for their stands ofthe issues in order to inform the
people. Our decision has nothing to do with the candidates
themselves.

Allinger said that the decision not to endorse a candidate
should not have an adverse effect on students “if you supply
information on the candidates."

“Students will vote against people who are against youth.
regardless." Allinger said.

It was reported earlier this month that members of the
Hugh Carey campaign had asked SASU for its endorsement
in the race for governor.

— Robert Blasensteln

Everyone ’s at the Movies

Film expert (iiose Rimanelli will speak about screenplay
writing and the development of the cinetnu at a lecture

 

 

\
PAGE 'rwo

sponsored by the University Cinematography Association of
Albany in FA [26 Oct. 30 at 7:30 pm.

According to Cinematography Association President
Rich Schoenberg. Rimanelli. who is a SUNYA Italian
Studies Professor. has Worked with famous Italian directors
Roberto Rossellini and Michaelangelo Antoninni. Rimanelli
is currently ﬁnishinghis memoirs which will be published this
winter in Italy. -

— Jill Haber

ForPoli Sci Majors...

Attention all future political heavies:

The Political Science Association and Psi Sigma Alpha,
the national honor fraternity. are beingjointly reorganized.

Psi Sigma Alpha will accept those students in Poli Sci who
produce honors work in their major and general study. The
Poll Sci Association provides its majors with pracilcal
political participation. as well as a chance for students of

common interest to get together.

There will be a general interest meeting on Wednesday.
Nov. I. at 3:30 pm in the Graduate School of Public Affairs
office.

I’oli Sci Association President Charles Crowley said that
“it is in the best interests of every student in the political
science department to attend."

-— Steve Oster

...and Poli Sci Faculty

Doing a bit of sell-scrutiny, members of the Political
Science Department met yesterday to discuss possible
revisions in that department's l’hD’program.

the program was recently scrutiniled by a State Education
llcpartmcnt doctoral review committee. which gave it a
lavorublc ruling.

 

Amongtltc topics discussed at the colloquium were higher
admissions standards to the doctoral program. the need for
greater student/faculty familiarity and the addition of
contemporary topics to the curriculum.

The discussion included the question of whether a major
field requirement on the graduate level is necessary. The
possibility of a doctoral program without grades or exams
was also discussed, and thighter regulation of the
Dissertation committee was frequently echoed by the faculty
members.

' ' willcontinuc

. J'uthePhDr '

1

— Bernadette St. John

within the department.

Polltlcal Selena. Chalr Charles Tarteton spoke of
yesterday's colloquium. (Photo: Rosnno Kulakofl)

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

[sunya news briefsl/j

 

 

 

OCTOBER 24. 1973

 

 

 

 

SASU Budget Never Approved '

by Jeff Kennel!
and Deborah Smltb

Central Council never conducted
an ofﬁcial vote on the passage of
Student Association of the State Un-
iversity.(SASU) membership. accor-
ding to Central Council Chair of In-
ternal Affairs Scott Lonsberry.

Lonsberry said he will introduce a
resolution regarding this issue at
Wednesday‘s council meeting.

Central Council was undecided on
the value of SASU membership.
because of SASU‘s failure to operate
properly last year. according to Cen-
tral CouncilChair. Dave Ruffo. Due
to this indecision. money was not
speciﬁcally budgeted for. Instead.
$8250 was budgeted as “Public
Higher Education Lobbying dues."
leaving options to join SASU. hire
an independant lobby group for
SUNYA. or not to participate in any
lobby group. according to SA Presi-
dcrtt. I’aul Feldman.

Attached to last year's budget line.
was a rider which said. “The Presi-
dent with the approval of Central
Council shall provide the lobbying
group of his/her choice." according
to Lonsberry.

At the annual June membership
conference for SASU. SUNYA
delegates saw improvement in
SASU leadership and decided un-
animously that SASU could func—
tion properly this year. according to
Feldman.

Without SUNYA‘s backing.
SASU was in danger of folding. ac-
cording to Ruffo and Feldman.

“Essentially. I have the authority

in the summer in the absence of the
council to act. Speaking for the
association. I said yes. Albany will
be a member of SASU." said Feld-
man. Central Council members were
notiﬁed of his decision by mail.

Because of the rider. a con-
stitutional question of Central
Council was raised. since there was
never an ofﬁcial Central Council
vote, and the ultimate responsibility
of ﬁnances rests with Central Coun-
cil. according to Lonsberry.

"Paul had good reason for what he
did. he just didn‘t have the authori-
ty." said Lonsberry.

Precedent over the years has been
to assume that the SA President
would act for Central Council dur-
ing the summer. so as to keep the
organization running. according to
SA Controller, Debbie Raskin.

A speciﬁc example of precedent
may be seen in former SA President
Steve DeMeo's decision to use $l2.-
000 for athletic insurance in I976. ac-
cording to Ruffo.

Fcldmanjustified his action on the
basis of an unofﬁcial vote of con:
ﬁdence by Central Council members
in an August meeting at Camp Dip-
pikill. according to Council member
Rob Michaela.

“It was an oversight on all our
parts. including Central Council. We
carried the meeting out as ifitwerea
regular meeting. except no votes
were taken. , . .It never occunedto
us to bring it [the issue of SASU
membership] up again [after this
meeting]. I don‘t think anyone
realized we forgot to get the vote."

said Rankin. ‘

SASU dues. usually paid in a
lump sum. was split'into two equal
payments. The ﬁrst payment was
made at the time of Feldman‘s deci-
sion to join. when SASU was in a
critical period ﬁnancially. The se-
cond payment was pending a
satisfactory performance by SASU.
and the return of their ﬁnancial
stability. according to Feldman.

"They [SASU] just had to show
that they were operating properly.”
said Raskin.

Upon proof of SASU's ﬁnancial
security. Feldman committed ‘the
other half of the dues payment.
which was approximately S4000. he
said.

“Things have been getting done.

This year we have a lot ofinput in it 7'

 

lS/‘SUI- A ‘0‘ 0‘ Albany “MEWS SA Executives Dabble Raskln and Paul Faldman sald that Feldman'a

. " said Ruskin.

by Wendy Greenﬁeld
and Thomas Martello

SUNYA's Student Union took
another step towm‘ds solidifying
itself on campus as SA gave it a
$1000 grant at last Wednesday‘s
Central Council meeting.

“The grant was given to get the
student union operating so that it
can become self—sufﬁcient." said SA
President Paul Feldman. “The stu-
dent union is a separate agency ac-

Calendar Details Still Unsolved

by Mike Rhett

SUNYA students will face a
longer school day next fall. and may
have to get up earlier for classes.ac-
cording to Assistant to the President
.I. Fredericks Volkwein.

"Next year's academic calendar
has been shortened. but classes will
be increased to 55 minute periods on
Monday. Wednesday and Friday;
and to 80 minutes on Tuesday and
Thursday. This time change may
mean the reduction of the time
between classes to 5 minutes on

SUNYA ‘ "‘ ‘lo the n- “

Monday. Wednesday and Friday.

The Educational Policies Com~
mittee, which developed the new
calendar. is currently studying the
possibility of preserving the current
time of 10 minutes between classes
and begining Monday. Wednesday
and Friday classes earlier in the day
and ending them later.

The University Senate last March
approved a recommendation by the
EPC to change the academic calen-
dar. Next year‘s fall semester will
begin after Labor Day, changing

 

Fred '.' " ' sald. “We do not

want a dramatlc shltt In the calendar." (Photo: Stove Kupforborg)

OCTOBER 24, 1978

SUNYA calendar formtft which
dated back to I972.

Original proposals by the EPC.
which included the scheduling of
classes on religious holdidays such as
the Jewish High Holy Days and
Good Friday.drew much opposition
by students. The adopted calendar
suspends classes for religious
holidays.

“We do not want a dramatic shift
in the calendar." said Volkwein. “We
basically want to stick with the
semester system which is SUNY
policy."

In a report released by the EPC,
reasons for the calendar changes
were cited. The report states that
many employers hire on the condi—
tion that students can work through
Labor Day and that students were
forced to skip the first week of class
in order to improve their financial
situation. The report also said that
several faculty and students
suggested that the week before
Labor Day is a lost week in terms of
education accomplishment.

The I980 spring semester begins a
week earlier tltart the 1979 spring
semester. and a week long February
vacation has been added. The EPC
report said that this proposed vaca-
tion will cut down on the amount of
fatigue that students face duringthe
winter months. and that the calendar
as a whole accomodatcs religious
holidays and provides greater ad-
ministrative turn-around between
summer session and fall.

'According to the report. conver-
sations with the SUNY provost of-
[ice confirmed that the fall session
could begin after Labor Day as long
as the minimum number of instruc-
tional hours per credit was main-
tained. SUNY regulations state that
there should be 2250 minutes of
classroom contact per semester for a
three credit course. Hence. the deci-
sion was made to lengthen the class
periods.

count of SA."

The only requirement which being
an SA account puts upon the union
is the submission of vouchers to SA
when the union spends money.

“A voucher prevents agroup from
taking money and using it for il-
legitimate reasons." said SA Assis-
tant Controller Mark Borkowski.

Student Union Chair Nancy
Smyth said that the money will not
give SA a prominent role in the un-
ion. “We are not tied to SA." said
Smyth. “Our goal is to become
financially independent.“ Smyth
added that the grant money will be
the only money the union will be get~
ting from SA. and,thut the rest will
be dependent on fund raising. The
union hopes to raise about $800 a
semester. _

The Student Union at ﬁrst asked
the Finance Committee of Central
Council for an appropriation of
$l6.000. according to SASU
delegate Sharon Ward. who is a
former co-chair of the union.
Finance Committee cut this money
to $500. less than what the union felt
was needed for fund raising and
operating.

Central Council Chair Dave Ruf-
to then proposed that Council give
the union a $300010an, to be paid in
installments at the end of each
semester until I983.

“This was decided unfavorable
because the student union has no
collateral and perhaps 53000 was to
much money to loan." said Ruffo.

Finally. Feldman proposed the
SIUUO grant to the union which
allowed for no strings to be attached.

"'I hey can use the money however
they want. except for illegitimate
reasons," said Ruffo. “SA wants to
help. We want to see the union strive
and do well."

“The grant is the best thing
because it gives us autonomy," said
Ward.

The student union at SUNYA was
begun last year largely through the
efforts of former SA President Dave
Gold. and was funded from the SA
budget. It took the name “Student
Unionization Movement (SUM).
and attempted to. as (.iold put it,
gain grass roots support of the
students."

The first issue the unionization
movement became involved in was a
successful fight to prevent the
Capital District 'I‘ransportation
Authority from taking over the
SUNYA bus shuttle. Shortly after
this victory. however. SUM ex-
perienced organilational problems.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

approprlatlon of funds tor SASU wealustltlod. (Photo:M.A. Hovalt)

Student Union Funded by Council

Its involvement in the next maior
issue facing SUNYA students
resulted in SUM's ﬁrst major set-
back. A boycott ofthe student health
fee was initiated by the union. After
hundreds of students had complied
with the SUM's pledge to boycott.
the unionization movement called
off the boycott.

The first move toward in-
dependence of SUM from SA came
in February when it was announced
that SUM would break away from
the student government. Later that
month. SU M voted itself a bona-ﬁde
student union. claiming to be one of
few in the country.

The union's credibility was dealt
another blow in the eyes of many
observers. however. when both of its
chairs. Sharon Ward and Tito Mar-
tinez, decided to run against
eachother for SA President. Both

lost.

Smyth said that the grant money
will be spent on xeroxing. fund rais-
ing. telephone expenses and ofﬁce
supplies. The union's newsletter,
Catalyst, has printed its ﬁrst issue.
and will come out about once every
two weeks.

The function of SA and the stu-
dent union. as'stated by Its leaders,
are different. SA is a representative
representative government. while
the student union will attemptto bea
structure which advocates students
rights with the theory of getting as
many students as possible.

“We will work from the bottom
up." said Smyth.

“The student union wants to work
on issues that affect students," said
Ward. “We feel very good about our
relationship with SA. We are going
to show a united front."

Central Council member Scott
Lonsberry. however. disagrees.

“The unionwillweakenSA's abili-
ty to bargain with the administra-
tion" Lonsberry said. “We should
not have a private group do our
work.“

Lonsberry was one ofthe very few
dissenting Central Council members
on the issue of funding the union.

"The Student Union want to
work the SA.“ said Smyth. “So far
we have woked together of Voter
Registration and the Feminist
Alliance and we are planning to help
in the area of academic advisement."

"Anything that promotes student
rights and student interests is
needed,“ said Ruffo. “The student
union is autonomous but the two
groups [SA and the union] have
common goals."

PACE Tunas:-

 

 

