      
    
 

      
 

 
 
 

Jimmy Buffet eel D
"You Had To Be There“ “Greatest Hits"
5| l,')it 2-Ll’ series st |.‘)lt 2 LP series

- $6.” .99

  

      

   
 

Joe Walsh

"Best Of“

57.9li series 2
3

 

57.08 series

  

w t, 54."

 
 

Chicanos Hours
Mon - Fri 10-9 u" H "
0g eaven

M  57.98 series
Sunday 12-5 .49

Those ﬂBCU’s
ortoposcnsolc
diroughboc. 23

Elvin Bishop

  
 
  
  

 

 

   
  
   
 
  
 
 

 
     
 

Obviously the W
place .. 211 Control ﬁve.
to support 7. \ , .

your holldou g mbon"
434-0085

 

 

 

 

   

CLARK MUSIC
AUDIO carrER

 After careftj evduati'on we give only

certain products our stem of anoint/a; We've oon‘pited
whatiivebeiievetobetheﬁnesttineofaidocomponents
available. Choose from predicts by Avid, B&O. Dehtquist,
GA 8., Magweptanar, McIntosh, Polk Audio, Tandberg,
and Yarda

 From our ruiy waned, expat sales

stafftoouproductperfomemeteststoourown service
IaboratorywithouSyeerpatsatlaborwarrantyonallou
prodnts, Ctak‘s offers the best, most retiableservioe
youcanget.

  

 in stereo quipment, a tow discount price
is not aways a bargain. The best sound quality per dollar
spent is the best investment you can make in goodsystem
WHEN YOU’RE INTO STEREO,

GET le0 CLARK MUSIC
? WOLF ROAD PARK

 .



  

 

     
      
       
       
   
   
     
   
     
 

 

Icctevor, the]

 
 

'

ovilo sq Amt

 

H .t O

 

by Eric Osborne

 

 

worth your while. Don't rush into
anything. Don‘t buy the system that's on
special because the salesperson is cute.

Once you have to come to realize that
the quality of your life will be changed for
the better, to a greater orlesscr degree, by
the purchase of hi fidelity reproduction
equipment-once you decide that you‘ve
done long enough without that stereo-
do a little homework, take your time,
explore all of the possibilities. The only
regret you will ever have is that you
probably didn‘t give the situation enough
thought.

I have said enough. When you have
decided that it is time for you to think
about buying hi l'i gear. it is time for
you to take that poor cxc
you to take that poor excuse for a stereo
they gave you for junior high school
graduation and sell it for a profit to your
baby brother. we will talk some more.

People always ask me how much
money is enough for them to get a good
system, but not have them remortgage the
house in the process. Individual tastes are
like inlcriority complexes; everyone
seems to have them. in other words, it's
all up to you. liut nominally, prepare to
spend at least $350 to $400. It sounds like
a lot. but l have yet to meet the individual
\\llt) regrets spending what he/slic did on
in It stull. It really is something which you
can enjoy virtually without additional
expense, for many years in the future.

 

here‘arc two ways to buy a hi
lidclity system.
You can choose your own
components.
' You can let the
manufacturer choose for you
b Lustomvassembly of hi fi components
yd. the individual, to suit his/her
llll ivrdual needs and tastes, makcsa great
Lent :10“: sense than buying a
i'cpac aged idc'l olthc d " ' '

t elini - ' - ‘
hwcm. lth, stereo
Li“You can spend the same $350-$400
- icr way‘ if yoti choos
U . .e your own
can do much better. ' you

I- 4

lrobably the most basic piece
component stereo system is the
supply. Most lii ti sales
item a power amp, late

of a
power
people call this
grated amp. or
alter two integrate a power
itlicr icaturcs, whereas lllt‘
asic animal. 1

supply with I
first 15 tour I)

A power supply is :i deiiee “inch
translorms one loriii oi cum-g) mm
another, more desireahic lot in. [\tlillltllll
power supply or poiiei aiiip takes tiiill
socket juice and turns it into \illttthll
alternating current. as regulated in ii
incoming signal.

lhink oi a water laittccl. ltehindilit
iaucet is a network of pipes, ready to

Trovide water to the sink (power It)th
loudspeakers). llt)\\‘t.'\L‘i. there must llt'
some way of regulating llll\ ilotr ltlrlllt‘
sink to b - as uselul as possible. hoihercii
a valve. a control. lty ruining the tnuh.
the amount of water llowing iiitothesinl.
is altered very rapidly and precisely.

l his is basically what a iL'CL'lVL'ltltlt'ill
takes a constant “stream” oi electricity
lroiii the wall Socket. and regulates it, Ilut
instead of it manually operated \itl\t'.lllt'
incoming audio signal limit a phone
cartridge, :1 radio tuner. ii tape (let-hit
Iiiicroplione) acts as lllL‘ control to
regulate as closely as possible both the
amount of lion and the iiciprciicy oi the
llow.

All sound is made tip oi energy
modulating at certain llL'lllIL‘llLlL'M llit-
lrcqiiency is the nuinbt-i oi it‘pt'lllitllblll
cycles the energy iiirdcrgot-x tor ii lIM‘tl
unit of time, It I.\ the number til lllliC‘lUU
turn the iaucet on tllltl riii iii. no. it
minute.

llie different li'cqiicncica Ill lhc audio
signal translate into dlilcicnt musical
notes. Low notes hate ll)\‘. lltftlllt‘llL'lt'h.
higli notes have high ones. lllll\\l1L‘ll\lL'
talk about audio ireqiicntics. \w 1”“
talking about “on-oil" cycles oi :rii)‘“l'°r°
lrom 20 to 20,000 nines a second-
Ubviously, you could not opciiztnd cloht'
a iaucet even 20 times in ii ~ccoiid, much
less 20,000. But the audio potter 1“th
must be capable oi doing so. and "limit"
them lar exceed this capability

I'hcre are other requirements oi the
audio power supply beside inning ti

nroad, llat “frequency I'Chlwm' 'l‘"
amp is basically it WWW” um“
converting “7 volts A(' into current

which both alternates at a rate WWHW
by the incoming signal and I\ sltl’l’llc‘i "1
amounts governed by the incoming
signal. the louder the music. the iiiorc
electricity the loudspeaker needs.
Consider two faucets. ilic small MW
where you brush your lCL'lll. and the one
you till the bathtub wrlli. llic smaller sink
has smaller pipes lccdiiig it. and siippl)
less water than the bathtub inuch ll 3"“
only need a small amount oi water it”C
listening to soil music, or Iotttl nut-*1C "l
low volume), then both sinks Will 00
equally well in filling vol“ W“ “‘3‘ ”
you need lots of watt-i. Ilil' siiiitlt Mill
cannot handle the Job, i ll ll to” Pm Wm
music loud and. iii imti lllt‘lllt'll'lll

loudspeakers (the iliairrpiili' ”‘ [hf
bathtub lets out liil'. ill \‘..i|t'll. :1 '1‘“
power audio aiiip mm. in vii-"‘1 I” J”
more than it‘s trtlptililt ill ditto?“
.,,iiiii_i“'llll‘

let‘stry to back out tiii it

 

:‘I_=‘,t‘1‘ ‘I ‘7

 

 ﬁnal)? it: I“ i

 

 

 

  

y

 

_ - "distortion." The work has a very
s'" ly meaning, but is often misused or
I .ndcrstood. Basically, distortions are
mntakes. There are discrepancies
beiyyeen what the audio amp (or any
chiilponent) is asked to do and what it
does. (lo back to our faucet analogy. ln
thocontrol knob or valve, there has to be
ti :. icertain amount of slop in the
mechanism, a certain amount of inertia
which causes inaccuracies in controlling
it, and a certain number of irregularities
in the materials which will cause errors in
the amount of water coming out of the
faucet. If it is a well—designed faucet, the
errors will be small. but some amount of
error cannot be helped.

 
  

 

The same is true of audio amps, or any
.lcctronic or mechanical component. A
.crtain amount of error. is unavoidable. If
we operate the amp within its parameters,
ind it is well-designed, the amount of
citric ‘lion will be small. If we exceed these
parameters, say, by asking the amp to
deliver more power (water) than it is
iapable oi, or by asking it to respond to
ii‘égucncies that are very high (turning the
titlcet on and off too quickly), then we
shéiiid expect to hear more distortion in

  

eliginusic.

s recap what we‘re talking about.
l‘ederal 'l’rade Commission requires
iiiacturers to give audio power amp
ii’ications in the following‘way: Unit
"it; will deliver “X” watts of power per
rlléntiel through frequencies of “Y” to
 item. (cycles per second) at “XX”
percent distortion. For the sake of an
L"‘_,'i,1m|llc. let‘s say the Betty Model C
pQWc-r amp will deliver ten watts of power
p channel from 10 to 20,000 Hertz at .5
pigment distortion. What this means is the
toilet (‘ will be able to provide each of
our two loudspeakers with ten watts of
(“liver in certain ﬂow of water from the
lilllt'cll tor frequencies anywhere between
30 to 20.000 Hertz (turning the faucet
limit) on and off anywhere from 20 to
10,000 times in a second) and do so with
“9 "‘0": than .5 percent distortion
(introduce mistakes of no more than one
Ililll oi one percent of the musical content
any given time. on the average).

“lure are many individual: (who
*ltultlil know better) who would any that
"‘C “my Model C power amp is a “good
“""ll'llgu illllp, judging li'ont tlicsc
t"-'"lllt'tlllt)llS. this may or may iioi be

  

true. Certainly, they are good
speeilications for a low power amplifier.
llut there are many other parameters of
the amplifier which have not been
considered by these specifications.
Indeed, some aspects of how amplifiers
sound probably defy measurement.

the ultimate test is the listening test.

And your informed opinion is the only '

one that matters. Listen to the amplifier,
or integrated amp (which combines a
prcarnplifier'with an amplifier), or the
receiver (which in an integrated amp plus
radio tuner) play the loudspeakers you
are considering. Listen to music which is
loud, soil, simple. complicated, classical,
acidic. aiiylliirig you might listen to.
While listening, be critical in listening to
how the music sounds. Distortions sound
like harshness or raspiness. During quiet
passages of the music, the unit should
' oduce little noise of its own. Extremes
’ and low notes should sound
unstrained and open: But remember.
you are listening through a pair of
loudspeakers, which have anomolies of
tlieirown. So ifyou listen to a well-known
i'ccciier with good specifications that
sounds unsatisfactory, listen to it on
another set of loudspeakers as a check.
.‘\ll)‘ good power amp or integrated amp
or receiver should meet or exceed the
tollowirig specifications: [1 should deliver
its power iroin at least 40 to 20,000 Hertz
with no more than .7 percent or so
distortion. It should have an overall
signal to noise ration ofat least btldb. and
a damping factor of about 40 at a
lrcqticncy oi l,000 Hertz. Then it should
pass your most strigent listening test.
for economy's sake, i would
recommend buying either an integrated

amplifier or a receiver. lf money is a '

lactor, or it you don‘t listen to the radio
much, the integrated amp is your best
choice (you can add a tuner later),
cpccially Since you can get more features
and performance for the money. ‘

l‘eatures in an integrated amp or a
receiver should include tone controls and
filters (some are more useful than others,

so listem). one or more tape monitors, .

tuner and phono inputs. Other features
are not essential, but could be convenient.
Have the salesperson explain them to
you, then play with them for a While, aitd
decide for yourself.

lly this time, someone must be asking
the question of primary importance to
many stereo friends-How Much Power?
the answer: it depends upon
loudspeakers you will hook up to the unit.
You should not buy one witltout the
other, so be patient.

In the meantime, visit your
neighborhood sound factory Start
drivnig tlic salespeople crazy. No matter
\\‘lllll they tell you, they love it.

the .‘lSl’ ii'uu/i/ like It! (hull/t the author" V‘

/iII' rlll lm llt'llt in preparing Iliii‘
til/Illlt'lllt‘lll

    

   
    

 

 

,  .- my... | ' ﬂ . ﬂu",

Tech Hifi is the store
where you can actually play
and compare the stereo com-
ponents you're interested in.
Because that’s the best way to
be sure you're getting exactly
the sound quality and features
you want. - .

This week, we invite you
to play one of Dual's fine turn-
tables in a Tech Hifi soundroom.
You'll find that Dual turntables
are a model of pr cision de
sign and manu-
facture. No

   
 
 
  

DUA L C55 04 illustrated.

Soundrooms you can play in.

1529 Central Ave.
Colonic
8690939

 

' n {where you can play stereo. Not

 

surprise. since it was Dual that
made the first truly high fidelity
automatic turntable. And Dual
leadership is obvious today in
smooth. silent operation com-
bined with outstanding tonearm
performance. Yet. even with
these advantages. Dual turn-
tables are competitively priced.

Dual is just one of the 100
brands of quality stereo com-
ponents and accessories you'll
find at Tech Hifi. The store

  

 just look at it.

           

' "we awesome- v

     
   
   
      
      
         
        
    
 
 
     
     
  
      
  

   
      
       
 

    
  
    
        
     
  
    
  
  
  
    
  
   
  
  
     
   
  
    
    
    
     
     
  
  

