. .Tb-‘Bé-Youns -_
'  Arid BornAgain‘

by ltlelle Mandal-
r My friend seething seemed concerned
about something.

“You know." he said to me yesterday. “ever
since we returned to school this semester.
something‘s been different about you.“

“For instance!”

“Well. first of all. I‘m talkingto you. and it‘s
only 9:30 in the morning. You used to be
stupifted until at least noon.“

I smiled a peaceful and passive smile.

"And you seem so much more relaxed and
at case than you ever were before.“ he
continued.

I contently sank into the cushioned chair.
oblivious to the onrushing students crowding
the campus center lounge. I smiled peacefully.

“And you always have that damn peaceful.
passive. content smile on your face!“

“Alright. I confess.” I said. "l'havc changed.
I've discovered something wonderful.
something more beautiful than beauty.“

Besthing retcbed.

“I‘ve discovered a way of life that has been
written about in Newsweek. The N. . l'imes.
and even Once-A-Week during the past two
months.“ i

Bcsthing was at the edgetol‘his chair. “ W hat
is it he implored. '

I smiled my Nirvana-reaching smile. “My
friend. I'm a born-again raquetball player."

. “RaquetbaITIP‘ ‘

“Sure. It's changed my life. And the lives of

tens of thousands others. Sports Illustrated

called it the fastest growing tjrport in America:
‘ “How can a mere pastime have stich an

incredible effect on a person?"

“The answer is simple. You see. my son. in
thecourse of an average day. a resident ofthe-
S U NYA community undergoes many
aggression-inducing experiences. The bursur
screws up your TAP award. Your accounting
professor miscalculates the number of points
you earned on a test. and then cancels his ofﬁce
hours for the remainder of the semester. You
receive an estimated bill from Niagara
Mohawk. based on the consumption of a gas-
heated igloo. You lose your tax card. your II)

I #05109?! W I
HAW 01W

breaks in half.you forget your social security
number. and suddenly not one SUNYA
bureaucrat can transact business with you.”

Besthing was perspiring. ,

“Well. all you do is walk into the raquetball
court. and take a few uncontrolled‘swaks at
the little green ball. Unlike tennis. ruquetball is
played in a closed. yet spacious. arena. You
can attack the ball with reckless abandon. and
not worry about losing it. or upsetting the
players on another court. orhuving it engulfed
by a three foot high mesh trap.

“Soon. the ball begins to look like the
hursar. and a little spot on the front wall dons
it mustache and glasses. greatly resembling
your accounting professor. You pounce upon
the bursar with savage glee. uttemptingto put
a hole in the front wall. between your
professor's eyes.“

The veins in Besthing's arm illuminated as
he clenched his list. and then swung an
imaginary ruquet. .

“After only it few minutes.“ I concluded.
"you‘re exhausted. barely able to stand. And
most importantly. you‘re relieved of your
aggressive tendencies." ,

“You mean that you can actually channel
the sum total of life‘s misadventures into a

game of ruquetball and come out purged of '

your accumulated aggression?“ he asked.

“Our leader couldn't have put it any better.”

"Who‘s your leader?”

"The Reverend Sun Yung est Colson." I
answered."

“V‘TI’ till. don't see how your .i'iiquetball
religion accounts for you hem 'ati‘tike' so
early.”

“That‘s a matter of logistic In order to
reserve a court at SUNYA. you have to he at
the gym bydawn ofthc day before you want to
play. Until the university knocks down it
couple of walls and transfurins two of the
never—used squash courts into rtiquetball
courts. I‘ll continue thisvlil 1 le."

“That doesn't bother you?

"Sure it does. But it‘s not all that had.
Reverend est Colson was it guest this morning
on Sunrise Scrmoncttc."

viewpoi rii \

V students ‘
knock

To the Editor: . .
The boycott of the Student Health I-ee is

' over. That‘s the latest news. and I must say. I

Ieamed a lot from the whole affair.

I watched it from the beginning. hoping
something like this would happen. I had
grandiose hopes that this would bcjust the
start. After the boycott succeeded and the
Health Fee was repealed. SUM would shift
into high gear and really get going. We'd be
able to stop all the gripesabout UAS: the food
service. check cashing. the monopoly it has on
campus services. We‘d even get reasonable
prices at the bookstore! Wrong.

Now that this has failed. and failed
miserably in my eyes. I can see that 50 M is not
going to take off. In fact. I‘ll be surprised if it
ever materializes. Let me explain my reasons

'for believing this:

Whenthe SUM representative came around
with the story about the Health Fee. I loved
the idea immediately- you know—strike a
blow against what we feel is injustice; take it
stand and bestrong. etc.. etc. Needless to say. I
quickly signed a pledge card. and got my suite
to sign too.

I was led to believe that only when 3000
pledges had been received would the letters
telling us to go ahead with the boycott be sent
to us at home. When the bill came (on the day
before Christmas I might add.just to brighten
my holiday spirit) I dutifully went ahead and
subtracted the $8.50 from my total. because.
sure enough. the letter came too. Wow!. I
thought. if everyone does it. whnt'll SUNYA
do? Things are really going to start to happen.
And happen they did. Two days later. a letter
from Albany came. saying Ihud to I
Well. I‘ll be strong. I said to my
there‘s strength in numbers. tltcre'.’
Doubts came. of course. but my spirit wasn‘t
dampened until Friday. when I read the ASI’.

I knew that not everyone \votild deduct it.
Some would chicken out. or opportuner
forget. But on Friday I read that of the
minimum 3000 participants. 2349
opportuner forgot. I am one of the 651 who
did deduct it.and what did itgct “’ All I have
is the satisfaction that I stood up Ior my rights.

What saddens me most. is that those 234‘)
didn't take it stand after they said they would;
and it was so small a stand to take. 'I‘hat in

itself says a lot about the students of today.
They areno longer moved to action by good
ideas. They are apathetic. and are driven by
the goals of the seventies; jobs. security. and
complacency. They no longer care. That is.
about anything but themselves. How often do
you see today”: syndrome in your friends:
“Just let me get my gradesand get out of here.“
“I‘m going to pad my cum so i can get into
(Law. Business. Med.) school”; “I‘m going u,
join this club because it‘ll look good on my
resume?“ That’s rick.

Even worse is the hypocrisy of the 5th
ofﬁcials. “The boycott itself was the first
phase." It‘s the last phase. now. since we have
already shown no strength. We . area the
pants off a lot of administrators.“ Ila! lhiit
was one of my better laughs all day. (now up.
SUM. if you expect to scare SUNY when
you're talking about three or four lhttustlnti
dollars. SUNY can laugh at that. and In our
faces after this farce.

If the Fee is repealed. as placation. \vc'rcslili
getting shafted everywhere. We all knoii it.
but until everyone does something about ll.(ll'
cares enough to try. we‘ll go iionlieic.

SUM. your tinte hasn‘t arrived. Sleep
awhile. and when the students want you. you‘ll
know it. ‘I'hey‘ll come pounding on tour
doors. not politer knocking at tht‘m.

Andrew I'. Datinentttiin

women’s
place

To the Editor:

I have good news for Martin (mldherg In
regard to his letter to the editoi concerning
sexual segregation among the calcium

Believe it or not. there are gll‘i\ tit Illls

y \vlto,-lt)uve3seen the inside of .i
dishmachine. As a mlitter of fact there are
girls working in the State Quad cafeteria \\il|i
never see anything but the inside ul .i
dishmacltitie. I am one of them.

On State Quad. dishwashers are hired
separately from other cafeteria workers and
do not rotate jobs with workers outside lht‘
dishroom. There are females \ioiking Hi the
dishroom every day. I have stood by the
cotiveycr belt for hundreds of hours scraping,
food off ofdishcs and filling gli ks llitiw
stuffed thousands of dishes into lilL'
dishmucltinc and emptied tons Ofpizttcs ull lilt‘
machine.

Females are not given any special |‘ll‘l\lit.'}_£t'.\

(IOUA IC' 5’ IS
has“ as

Q

Tradition and Aesthetics in
The New Year of the Home

tt'iitt'rtuiti

 

