M. emsv‘...‘ _w

i.
'i
I
ii
i
i:
i.

.._,_4..

7 -.._.__ -.._. .V..._ ..

. . “SOUTH AFRICA: THE
I DIVESTMENT QUESTION”

- John Cettle 'Bemard Coleman

l'ltt‘LItIl Ior \orth and South

 

America of the South African "‘i“”“"“"‘" Mm“

totiiiitnliiiit

Fred Dube

I he South African National Congress
E (South \ttrcuI SHAY-Stony Ilrook

Affairs

James Turner
Director of Al'ricana Studies rind

I\\"\vII\.“ t ctllcl

DATE: Thursday, December 7,1978
PLACE: Lecture Center 24
TIME: 8:00 p.m.

I-orincr Special Assistant Bureau ofAfrican

toritcll litiiterstu

 

 

 

 

 

 

OPEN FOR UM

FINANCIAL AIDS

 

 

 

 

 

 
     

. “NIGHT. AT
ITI-IE FIGHTS” .,

Thursday Dec. 7 at 8:30 pm
In Dutch Quad Cafeteria
Special Half-Time Martial Arts Exhibition

 

Wrestling Match

 

ﬂ Gruesome Tag-Team
U proceeds to

Gab-H —aﬁ—J|B_as_.

 

 

Applications
for the Undergraduate major in

SOCIAL WELFARE

are available in Mohawk Tower Rm. 1506.

Application deadline -- 2/2/79
for the Fall 79 term

 

v _ ,

$;:5° “Fiﬁ”: _ T919m99’72_

 

 

 

 

 

Tower 53:! Cinema
Mahogany
Thursday Dec. 7
7:30 & 10:00 pm
Lc-7
$ .75 w/TEC
$ 1.25 w/out
Proceeds go to TELETHON ‘79'

 

 

 

 

Heroes
Friday and Saturday

Dec. 8 and 9

 

Eligible Students
Interested in
Business Administration
and Accounting

Students intending to major in
Business Administration and Accounting
for the Fall 1979 semester must complete

an application for admission to
the School of Business

by Friday, January 26, 1979.

Applications for admission to the
Undergraduate Program in the School of
Business are now available in BA Shit/t and

 

 

 

 

 

 

RAISIN' AN ISSUE

Some alcoholics can be positively
Ingenious about gettingtheir booze.

A representative of the Canadian
Labor Congress reports that one
ttiari came to hisjob in an industrial
ptaril cold sober every day . . . and
cicry evening left the plant bombed
out ot his mind.

Supervisors reportedly searched
his lunch pail. his locker. the areas he
tiorked in. and still couldn't ever
titid a bottle.

I'irialty. title of his co-workers
remarked about the man's penchant
tor rtititieliing on raisins. and the jar
ol them he always kept at his bench
was examined.

Iltc man had apparently
discovered that raisins absorb seven

Icruale actresses in their early 40‘s.

Norma Connolly is the head ofthe
tiuild's National Women‘s
koutcrence Committee, and she is
blaming the face lift craze on “male
cliauvrnism."

Loiiriolly is herself a character
.ict rcss. and shc says: “I'm practically
the only ttrttiltcd face in my age range
iclt."

Lonnolly complains that Betty
t ord's recent lacclilt rtiade cosmetic
surgery popular, and that actresses
III their 40's are scurryiiigto undergo
tticui in order to survive
ptolcssionttlly in Hollywood.

L otinolly contends that male
directors and film producers are
targer responsible for reinforcing
the lacclilt panic. She says that film-
makers rarer it ever cast lortyish or
IIILIL‘I -tookiug women in major roles.
tltilhlltg it necessary for women in
this age category to try to look
younger.

She says that older tnale actors are
not laccd With the same problem:
Loiiuolly points out that maleactors
riito their 70‘s. including the likes of
John Wayne. Fred Astaire. Cary
Grant and Jimmy Stewart . are often
cast in lead roles tttong side actresses

 

‘ ZQIAG NEWS I

in their 20‘s. Says Connolly: “They
can stay sexy leading men by having
pcrlcctty beautiful young women
looking up at them adoringly."

NO NEWS IS GOOD
Caution! A news broadcast may
' be hazardous to your health. At least

that's what an Illinois physician is
reporting.

Doctor Mitchell Spellberg of the
Michael Reese Ilospital and Center
in Chicago says he has found that
constant bombardment of bad news
by the media can worsen some

concert tn Miami featured valet
parking, top—halted door grectcrs.
ttixcdocd security guards. hostesses
iii ‘gowns and tables of cheeses.
tiuus. brownies and sparkling water.

I’roinoters Stan Solomon and
Norman Cantor say they plan to
coutniue tttc series with tickets at or
about Stilt).

GUAYANA INFO

.\ pl'ltttlc investigator and author
“It” \IMIL'd the People‘s l'cmpte
Lillltpttllltd tor one week in (iuyana
inst summer says that sect Icadcr
Kcicr'erid Jim Jones was convinced
.it the time that he was dying of
cancer.

t.os Aiigcles writer Donald Freed
says he “as present in tIieJoriestown
coitipouud last August when a
doctor was tieatingJoncsandtalked
about the seriousness of the alleged
maliguttriey.

lie'cd says that Jones told him
Illitl he was considertrigtritvclling to
lllt.‘ Soy ict Union rrt order to undergo
treatment for his alleged disease.

\ccot‘diiig to I-rced. Jones was
opposed to returning to the United
States lot' medical treatment.

occ.ittsc he had become convinced

   
  

that American Government agencies

were attempting‘to destroy him and.

his tollowers.
l-i'eed says that Jones also talked
about the possibility of seeking

Soviet permission to move his entire '

colony of more than 1000 followers
trout the jungles of Guyana to the
Sonct Union.

HIGH CONTACTS

Doctors at the
I's)cIIllllt'IL' Hospital have confirmed
\ttiat grass-smokers have known for

smoking on the minds and bodies of
Inectirtiuic pot users. A non-smoker
\\IltI was placed in the group as a
control person also begancxhihiting
tltc symptoms til being stoned.

\s a matter of fact. many of the
researchers report they began
c\pL‘I’IL‘ItCIIIg highs ol their own.
Subsequent tests showed that you
don't tune to trike on ajoint in order
to absorb tlic smoke itito your
iitoodstreatii. Just being in the same
room can be enough to provoke a
high. they report.

APE-UPUNCTURE

the Honolulu Zoo reports that
l-ili. a 200 pdund gorilla who is
paralyrcd truth the neck down. is
undergoing acupuncture treatment
tor s|tltltlI injuries she sullered while
citwrtrng wrttt hei'iiiule roommate.

Doctor lat. Kwon Chan. a
\clct'tltttt‘ltllt and a licensed
acupuncturist. says he hopes to save
l-rtr lroiii permanent paralysis.

I'lIt nus lltJut‘L’d last month while
tiltl)lllg around With Conga. a 4titl«
pound gorilla. ‘

/.oo olticiats iIILI that Conga had
iiccti iotigti \tilh I‘III before and her
irniirrcs probably occurred when he
\ll tick oi pushed tier. I he ZIIU-potind

 

 

New York-

teinale ape is reportedly suffering
tt‘om damage to her spinal cord.

Doctor Chan. who volunteered to
iipr HII. said his needles have been
successlul with horses. cows. pigs
and dogs.

BABY WEIGHT

A study has found that mothers
\\Iltt were overweight before they
conceived their children as well as
those who gain a great deal of weight
during pregnancy. are more likely to
hate ltit‘ children than are other
ivoiiicri. \

According to the researchers at

Itic study ol .100 mothers
diseoiercd that women who are
overweight even bclorc conception.
.is \tell as those who put on excess
ucrgtit during their pregnancies. are
much more likely to give birth to
otcrttcrglit babies.

I'ieitous studies have lound that
per sons who were overweight during
tttcu intaticy are likely candidates
tor obesity as adults.

GRANNY GRIEVANCE

A study ol children's books
published over the last 20 years has
lotind that grandparents. and
particularly grandmothers. are
almost always portrayed as "sweet
.itid passive." and "leading
ilrezidtully dtrll lives of little
consequence."

University ol Chicago doctorate
candidate I’Iiyllis Itaruunisuystbat a
IIItll|tllll'\ ot children's books depict
ttrttridriias as persons who
constantly sit rti toekingchuirs. wear
their hair rria hirii. and cousidcrthcir
.iproii an essential part til cvcry
t‘iisltlltlL‘.

Iturrittiti says her study of more
than 33th) illustrations in the books
conveyed ttte idea that grandparents
are more sickly. passive rind
incompetent than everyone else.
tiiiriiilpatents. she says. are never
\Iltittlt as hcttig lrIiu. “ell-dressed.
taking a weekly yoga class or
oorkrrig Ill tticit spare time tor
political candidates. Iturriutn says
.lgc‘hlll is rampant Ill ktds‘ works.

FOREIGN STUDENTS

I'acilrc News Scrucc reports that
\iiici icon colleges. Ill their ellorts to
st" vttc .1 severe tiriarictttt pinch. are
.ittitiiltiitg more lor‘cign students
than mm below.

I’NS repgrts that there are more
than 220.000 students from abroad
studying an US campuses. with at
least 40.000 of those coming from
Iran atone. ~

I’ucilic Newrr says that while the
toretgners represent only a fraction
01 the l l million UScoltege students.
there are about 66,000 more of them
in the US than there were four years
ago. and that ,they carry increasing
tritancial and academic weight.

At the University of San
I‘t'ttItCISCO. where tuition itccounts
tor 90 percent of the revenues.
toreign students make up one—ﬁfth
ot the student body. Says one dean at
the university. "without them. there
would be drastic reductions in
programs and professors.“

 . time their weight in alcohol. and luhncms years that you don‘t necessarily ‘acilic News says that the foreign
(I. "I.\t:t’_\tlltc is Invited"  -   “may smumwd "mm mm boom ‘ :Itl\|l: to smoke pot tn order to get “IL. University of Arizona. me stu|dents. wholspenthmolijzthan 5|l
I ~ . . . . . . ' . tl't. . . a an int - .arcno
t. Sponsored by: Department of \ti'icnri ‘\Il‘t)-/\lttl.‘l't(,'ttn Studies "mm hrmg'“ “"‘m ‘0 w‘m‘ ‘0 BUCKS FOR Tux L‘HP ‘_ N I ~ _ m h, lnidings do not automatically mean "“W'Lul "u" d‘b “h I
it ‘ V mhmc my. I V r ‘ . L ILSLJI’C ters report cy ave mm mu chm] 0‘ an overweigm only mg Wt. come it ey are
I "(‘5‘ mm“ m M M M “(Mi-K E “III! Inllﬂilon “Heellﬂgtusmbom continued the extstence also-called . . ~- v - 'lI\tt bcrii v recruited to help make up
. . . I " mother is doomed toahtc otlatness. ‘ - is,
I)  __ -_ __ -— I V_‘__ v NO L|FT FROM L|FE everything else.  'SIOO-a‘dickc; "contact highs. m“ "my say mm [he study “suns the tiiiancrat burdens created  the
‘ L   ~ A leading member of the Screen “Kit “’““” was 1"“ ‘ qucs "m 0 '1‘“ fi'scf’vcry wf‘s “PPar‘f‘I'y could Iiclpdoctors preventtheinfant ~‘""”""“I‘ I’”0| “‘ Amcr'ca“
Actors‘ (mild in Hollywood says “'"L' - "'“d‘: b) “W'dcm While iuok'qg‘mo trorii lighting a lifelong battle ofthe "I‘I’i'wms' .
that ner- 15ul-mccnn“ panic among /\ rcccnl Leon Md Mary Russel ttic cllecis oI heavy marijuana huh-Lu. t ottegc enrollment by US

students has been dropping in the
past tcw years. reportedly because of
high costs. the bottoming out ofths
IMO} bootit which Itas resulted in
Icuer college-age students. and
gr onirig evidence that college
diplomas may not be worth as much
.I\ the) once were.

INFERTILITY

ten to trtteeri pcrcetit ot American
couples are inlertile. yet many are
\ttlI reluctant to seek help.

this is according to the Fertility
tiistrttrtc III New York. which says
iliat irilertitrty in married couples in
on the ttM.‘ because more and more
itoiiicu arc postponing childbearing
lllIllI they reach their'thirties.

\tost doctors. the Institute says.
tielrcvc that it‘s all right to wait until
lllt' .igc til .6 to conceive. the peak
.igi: tot tertitity in a woman. the
institute says. however. is 25.

llrct'ertilityInstrtutesaysthatthe
problem has become so widespread
that there are several infertility
t itriics around the country. as well as
It.tlIiItlIII organi/ations. referral
agencies and even an rritcrtility hot
IlilL

WATT A BLAST!

too Ari/ona scientists are out
\\Illl a rathcr shocking finding:
I'II)\IL'I\I> l'hilip Krtdcrand Charles
\\ cidiimit sat) they have discowrcd
lllill lightning hoitsat'cusrnuchas It)
room tltrII'L' poncrtul than was
.nctiousl) Ilt'ilL‘\L‘t.I.

Illt.‘ tito scientists report they
.IllilI'\/L'tI iiiorc tltati Itttllt lightning
hilth'N. :tud tottrid that the typical
iiolt packs ciiotiglt watltop to light up
Jtt.tttttt to 40.000 ttItI-wtiu light
lItlIIh. they say this energy is all
iclcascd III less than one-millionth of
.i scciittd.

 

 

and Spam.

M.n./0.V.M. In European
Medical & Veterinary Schools

The Institute or International Medical Education otters total
medical education leading to practice in the U S. I
1 Direct admission into accredited medical schools in Italy
2 Master at Serence Degree in cooperation wrth recognized

colleges and untversrlres in the US leading to advanced
placement in Spanish. Italian or other Ioretgn medical

 

   

. nny as it‘sounds, Maxet
cassettes are "more equal"
than others. For_, while all I
cassettes may seem similar.
there are important
differences.

Inside each Moxelt cassette.

sheets, to. are. on grades, 'for 
iom~freeto e

     

running. And in
recording tape that advances
the art to a new state of “_
perfection.

No wonder audio critics use
Moxelt cassettes to test new

schools or veterinary medical schools .

3.Wtulorn attendanceatthernodicnlschool.ltielnstttutewrlt
prov/inc a supplemental Haste Medical Sctences Cur-
riculum which prepares students for translcr into an
American medical school (COTRANS)

4 For those students who no not transfer. the Institute pro-
vrdos accredited supervrsed clinical clerkships at
cooperating US hospitals

5 Duringttiu trrinl your or toroigri tnodiculschuottho Institute
prrivrdns a supplemental and cornprehonsrvc clinical
iiicdictnn curriculum WIIICI'I prepares the student to take

the ECFMG examination
6. IF YOU ARE NOW—OR WILLBE—THE POSSESSOR
OF AN M.S. 0R PhD. DEGREE IN THE SCIENCES.
WE CAN OFFER YOUADVANCED PLACEMENT '
INA EUROPEAN MEDICAL SCHOOL.
the Institute has been responsible Ior processuig more
American students to foreign medical schools than any
other organization
INSTITUTE OF INTERNATIONAL MEDICAL EDUCATION
Chartered by the Regents ot the Uriiver srty ol the State of Now York
3 East 54 Street. New York10022 (212) 832-2089

 

equipment. It's why we want
you to buy Moxetl. And its
why we sell it.

for example, there's nearly a
quarter-century of experience.
It shows up in specrot slip

maxaltIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIItIIIlIlllltltIIIIIIIII];lg][tillIIIIIIIIIIIIItllllllttltIMy C I

e (orporatior: o .rive. Moonac

the Center for Undergraduate Edmonton.

7:30 & 10:00 pm
, LC-‘l
$ .75 w/TEC $1.25 w/out

N0 Late Applications I .
Will Be Accepted  __ Listento Maxcll Dealer, tor sound results.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE ELEVEN

DECEMBER 5. I978

   

 

 

