 

 

 

 

Ar: AtrFmROTCseholmshipcan mnelor when uou nu:de
with college finances. lt pat-s tuition. books and lab tea and gives
you 5103 a mnrh int other college costs This conicl be lust whit: uou
need to perm: you to tine-tun:- unur concentration an tram studies It
could mun the dth’emnce between not making 1: at all and 93mg out
ortyomowriwtrhegoe-d soltdrallegdegroe

The Air Force is a great way to be on your own As a enmmssrrina;
officer. you‘ll have manslhlllii- with your um frrsr _i:ih You‘ll line an
atmosphere 0! dedication. mist and reliance. and you‘ll rump right in
to managing people and cxpmsive risourres You'll have an excellent
summg salary — good “NINE: semi-lip

It can all sinn with i. deztsur. to check out AFRDTC Find out nan
you can get u sztiolarsmp Set- uihat we offer then shun us what one
can other in return It rust might be our luclri :iai. ine'

Major Luster I. Mark
AS k if Rm. 3I'I. Rl’l
Phone: 270—6136

 

 

 

 

Gateway to a great way at hie

 

s\$ E xCrting Theatres Under One Root
/ A NEW omensrou m CINEMA Luxunv

THE ONE
AND ONLY

l 30. Hit!
Milt 9 30

, hug-ms mm. WHYIP’ anr mum-mi. it. in: tr: .

1t

"uirirtru. '  
bl‘tlll llll trtiririrurr
5 CINE 1-2-34

- 5 - 6
..'-'..‘. ' 

“15,415, 615

.4- «House» vi -....

 

PAGE TWO

 

by W‘Cox

Two faculty members and Vice
President for Academic Affairs
David Martin will meet today to
discuss the next step of the
evaluation of Social and Behavioral
Sciences Dean Richard Kendall.

The chair of the faculty committee
evaluating Kendall. the chair of the
Social and Behavioral Sciences
College faculty. and Martin will talk
about what the next step in the
newly-established review process
will be.

The ﬁnal report of the Kendall
evaluation committee still hasn't
been released. and may not be
brought up today. Martin said.

*W’e‘rejusi discussing process." he
said. ‘I don't see how our meeting
will involve a discussion of the
report‘s content.‘

The Kendall Committee. one of
four faculty committees currently
reviewing the performance of ltiur
SUNYA deans. has gathered datri
from within the College of StiCial
and Behavioral Sciences. which it
will present to Martin and the
College Faculty Councrl.

“To my knowledge.” Martin stud
last night. “no one has read that
repon”

The report. which has been in
Martin‘s office Since it was ll'lllldll}
rue-used b} the Kendall Committee.
has rust recently been typed and no“
is hCIl'llZ proofread. according to
kcndull Committee Chair Richard
Hall, a Socrolog) Department
faculty member.

The report rs confidential and “Ill
Tl'miktl'l so through the u holc process
or evaluation. Martin said.

“It hasn't been offiCiall) bonded
over yet." said RCiICVt Committee
member Robert Cormack ot the
Xhthltipolog} Department "hit
some reason the typing has been
extremely slou It docs hated lot ol
data 2r. it “

Martin \Hll eicntuall) makc it
ru‘ommcndetit‘in to the SL\\-\
President's Office on the results or
the evaluations of all lour deans

The other Cihlllﬂllt‘n committees
are rt-iieuing the periormanccs tit
lit-an ot Mathematiu .ind Sricnccs
\ intent Cooling Dean ot the
Siriool at Business \\illi.ini
Holstein. and lihrari Dirt-(tor t
James Schmidt

SUM Leaders Plan
Reorganization

by Beth lairber

Student t nionization \loiement
readers pledged to reorganrxe the
group and spoke about the status or
the health tee and 51 Ms recent
break from M at .r lrh .\ meeting

A motion to torn: .t structtirc
order to d all .i
:ons' tutron and h\~l.iu.\ um p.. s
.\l \‘l tltt’lllh.‘l\

\lrrilt‘ms

committee ll'l

uttu .nusly
:onrcnd "‘l

(to: riit‘ r: toht‘sti t brim

ii ill be

When it carries dtiunto |I\\t‘ .tl‘t‘
starting all iiicr again." \dlti .\t \‘l
Chair Trio Martinr: "\l;in\ pcoplt‘
believe that we are liming internnl
problems Onli a small group .it
Proﬁle were milking the decisions
Also communication broke tlt‘\\ll
and most people did not than “hat
was going on "

The S! M boycott or the ht'dllll
ice. an $8.50 charge levied by the
state legislature and called by some .t
dc tatto tuition inert-rise was
officially railed on at the mirror this
semesterdcavrngquite a few students

mnrmuod on page/our

W STUDENT PRESS

Sadat Leaves WItIiout Jets 4
WASHINGTON (AP) Egyptian President Anwar Sadat winds up his mu m
the United States without an immediate decision by Presrdent Carter to serr
himjet ﬁghters, qualiﬁed U.S. sources said yesterday. However, this does n01
mean Caner will not eventually approve Sadat's “urgent req ucst,“ one gs
official said. Another ofﬁcial said a decison is expected in about two weeks
Both U.S. officials asked not to be identiﬁed. Failure to get immediaic
er for at least a squadron of short range FSEs looms as ..

approval from Carl _ I . ~ I
Sadat. as hccompletes a six—day visit to the United States

disappointment for A I
to 5ch American military and diplomatic support.

Canal Treaty Challenged

WASHINGTOMAI’) The pitch of the Panama Canal debate rose merit-iii;
yesterday as senators on opposing sides interrupted each other repeatedl) to
challenge assertions about the proposed ncwtreaty. (ironing exasperated n.
the tactic. Senate Majority Leader Robert C. Byrd. D-W,\'a.. trying ~
deliver along speech in favor of ratiﬁcation. said he no longer would ) reld! ~
more than one question from any senator. Leading off the second dd) .ir ..
debate that is expected to last several weeks. Byrd got into a heated t:\’t...:,' r;
with opponents on the question or whether the original I903 treat) berries:
the United States and Panama was signed by a Panamanian or a Ffrntht‘ .i'

Carey Pressured tor Detalls

ALBANY,N. Y.(AP) The Republican-controlled State Senate stepped up .v \
pressure on Gov. Hugh Carey yesterday for details of his promise .i: 52w
million in budget-gap aid for Sen York Cll). Sen. John Me.th ill.-
Islrind). chairman ofthe Senzire l‘lndnCL‘ Committee. sent letters to N. .
Mayor Edward Koch and to high officials of the Care} -\drr..z..~:r.='

asking them to explain the $200 million. This folloued b} tut da;~~ ..

complaint from Senate Martini} Leader Warren Anderson "'_-:

chrsluturc was being left out of talks on the City‘s budget gap

First Cases of Brucellosis Detected

Bl'RLINGTON. \'t. (AP) State Health Department official, "

the year‘s ﬁrst cases of brucellosis in humans. Health Departm:

said Wednesday that one ol the GAL”: rs positiie. and ill: other .~ ‘ "
probable.“ Brucellosrs. a contagrous disease that strikes (mas .4- u "
animals to abort their culi es and produte lies: milk

Money Provided for College Education
WASHINGTON tAPl President Carter t‘dllcd upm t . 21:»
Wednesday to proiide a record 5] 2 billion in Dr“ .lld rt' i

including 5250 gritttstorrl lc.ist too million student‘s it'd." '

incomes betiu-en SlhthO .tnd SISUDU “so om \Titt..t
opportunity tor a college education lot {manner west-".5
prcsidcnt declared as he iinieilcd an hid package designed 'tu mat:  '
in Congress to provide in credits or SZSU or more to parents or ;.. .
students. regardless of income In addition to making iiio rr'lit. '.
trom ntrddle~rncome families Cllgli’ilt’ for direct federal gr

time. the Carter plan also iiould protide subsidized loans In stud ' ~
lllmtl} incomes as high .rs 545.000 bylorc taxes. and mom:
subsidized \mrksstud) programs

Minimal Hearing Loss Traced to Music
TROY. .\.\.i.»\l’i lloo dots loud roti. .md rol': must; i:
\llldl color .ire your cics‘ Rittmtd L'dhtit ret t'

.rt Rt'rissel.icr l‘ol_\tv

discothequc goers snot-ed tut-i sizttercd lt‘\> h;

prcdrctcd t .tbot s.rid the results ot l‘.‘.> \I\il.‘ tti "

.ltid listings or I‘ll persons sht‘ucd the: hm: 2;: LI» .
u.is riitniriml litrt he 3.1M lll.il..1lilit’itigh ht d.

blur tot :\.;tt.p!t

iigtuwoltircd pics .‘Jiik'htu

persons \\ ttli d.irk cycs. .‘tit h .1\ hr on r. cws Outbr-

mrist: lmcrs lost three tt'mtc tictrbers o! rm.

(tllllllcfptllh

Town Justice Accused ol Misconduct
ALBANL \.\. t'\l‘l lt‘\i:sliitt lt‘iKl‘l .lztvdtt':
itlcnlttit‘d .15 the 3llth flldgt‘ to ..i '
lomhrr.t. .

M‘httst... .

“l‘tkt‘l'llLll'ﬁ. sturndnl
.lutlrt‘mt} \ttllt 15-3 counts ot \llllk i.il ntist’tirttftit”
charged so '.tr Mon at Ill; .tllt
more to other local tudgc. around the state "st-cl n; spt-t ..i ..
lichilt or the tlt‘ll’ntldi‘ll " .h‘t'r‘lt’llllg lo the charges Rut m

l.llllllg to disqualih himscll tron: .i inst uhcr; lltu:i~1'clli!:'£ 1.

MFA tn\tr.i’

.tntl iiith triing another om .tgunsr .r nun uho u;.- trirv \ t-
\tith l onihar'dt‘s brothrr

Second Cornea Transplant

PHILADELPHIA (Al‘l -\ woman uhtisc tailing t‘Vt‘S' 

\‘t‘ms ago tilicn she received a \‘til‘nt‘a transprxmt tron: rm Lit'ltt' .
gotten asecond new cornea bequeathed by her rather l tit-en Billing: '
til Dttiimnre. received the neu cornea on her right evr M1138} “‘ “
Hospital the cornea transparent tissue that lor‘ms tn: Olllt‘i  '
eyeball was donated by her rather. .loscph MensLt-i. wit.i died on »
.l heart attack at age SI lit-o years ago Mrs Rillrnpion received a  «
her tell eye. the most chCtTl) allcctcd by a condition called Let-rt. .i..
uluch caused her mun combat to begin (bringing shape and plot he: i A
bet teen»;th years It had hem donated bi her molht‘i who that .i' r. .'
tumor.

FEBRUARY 10. 197 5

 

House SUNYA Freudian:

by Devld lfom

The S/UNY Chancellor House at
40 Marion Ave. Albany. which
newly elected SUNY Chancellor
Clifton Wharton and his wife have
refused as their permanent
residence. may house the yet to be
selected SUNYA President.

In a letter to SUNY Ccntrttl.
SUNYA Vice President for Business
rind Finance John Htrrtigan tcrmcd
SUNYA‘s luck of a presidential
residence a “liability in the search for
rui active candidate for President."

Hartigrin‘s letter risked that SUNY
Central Administration "give.
serious consideration to mtrking it
[the Chancellor's House] ti
pcrmnncnt Albany rcsidcricc."
SUNY Ccntrril hrisn‘t rcplicd.

Wlirirton rind his wife. who rirc
temporririly occupying the house.
hrrvc sriid they don‘t want to live in
the house. Mrs. Whrirton lirrstcrmcd
it inridcquatc rind Iiris ulludcd that it
is too lrrrgc for their needs.

In the post. SUNYA hits lcriscd ti
home in Schenectady from Union
College which it has rented to l'ormcr
SUNYA Presidents til at riuriiiriril
cost. Acting SUNYA President
Vincent O‘|.ctrry currently livcs in it
liriusc lic owns in Elsmcrc. New
York.

Ilic Cliririccllor‘s lltitis‘c Will be
\thlIIll us soon its new qurirrcrs tor
the Wlirrrtoris rirc rctidicd.

llic Wlirtrtotis are moving into an

apartment on the top ﬂoor of
SUNY's new headquarters at the
D&H Plaza Building on Broadway.
currently being renovated. _

SUNYA is one of only three
SUNY schools which doscn‘t own a
permanent residence for its

' president, Hartigan said.

Hartigan's letter noted that
“physical changes may be necessary
on the House." and said that
SUNYA would absorb such costs if
tin agreement with SUNY Central is
reached.

One Possibility

A SUNY spokesman said using
the House as rt home for the new
SUNYA President “is only one
possibility.“ rind that no dccision on
the property‘s future has been made.

Harligan stiid providing a place of
residence for the next SUNYA
Prcsidrict could contribute to the
attractiveness ofthe position which it
Presidential Search Committee on
campus is in the process of filling.

The rental lease on the property
owned by Union College calls for
yerirly rcncwril through I980.
SUNYA pays the college $250 pct
month for the house or $3.000 per
year. llntl has rented it to SUNY
l’r'cs‘itlcnts for $1382 rt ycrrr.

'l'lic Clitrnccllor‘s Housc Iiris l5
rooms and was purchrrscd by SUN Y
rri I952 for $68,000. llic liousc is
now vrilucd tit mcr $l00.00. lllL'
SUNY spokesman sriid.

PS/IMIV ANN NOVA!

SUNY Chancellor Clltton Wharton and tile wife have reload the SUNY Cheliicellor
House as thelr permanent relldence. It may house the next SUNYA President. 3

Student Voting Bills Proposed

by Jun Lafayette

Two bills have been drafted by
Asscrnblymrtri Woodrow Lcwis (l)-
Kings) which would amend the
clcction law to cnriblc students to
vote in lhcir college COlllmunlllUS.
Currently. New York is (inc of only
four strrtcs which conliriucs to
prohibit students l’rorii voting an
their college ttddrcss.

Under tltc proposed ltiw. students
in dormitories wotild still not be

Reinstatement of RSE’s Advised

by M. .I. Mt-mrrititt

llic chcnts Scholarship Extiriis
\lllllllLl bc rcirtxlrucd III Ncii' York
\I.rlc. rrccor'tlingtu ('ommissiortcr'ol
ltlucrrluin. Gordon M. Amhriclt.
\rubricli niridc this r'ccontrrrcntlrrtion
.it .i rtiirit budget Iicriririg held by the
Scrirttc l'lllilllct‘. and the Assembly
\\rr_\s rrrid Mcrins cornrriittccs on
lucstlri).

llic chcrits Scliolru'slup citrrnis
\\t.'l't' drscoritiiiucd this yctrr. tiltcr'
stutlics slttiivcd than students usurrlly
ribout tlic SEllllL' on the
[lll\iIlCl) rtdrtiinistcrcd Scholastic
Aptitudc "s . Ambticli stiid.
Scores from those SAT tests trrc now
bcing used to determine Regents
scluilrirsliip winners. Ambricb said
lllL‘ original intent of the cltzirrgc wars
to rivoid tinyduplictititiii,rrrid to saw
money for the Suite.

Under questioning by titeiiibcrs (ll
hotlr Cllllll‘ Arthur Krenicr"s Wtrys

\L'tilt‘tl

rind Mctrns corriiiiiltcc. :rtid Chrur
John Mtrrclti‘s I-‘iiirutcc cortittiitlcc.
Ambttcli Stlld tlirrt rt substrrrititrl
dccliuc litrd uccurcd in tlic riuriibcr (ll
students taking the test to make
tlicrri eligible for it chciits
scholarship. Lust yerir. |55.l)llt)
students took the Regents
sclitilrrrsliip cxririi. Arnhrrcli stud.
1 his ycrrr. [30,000 students trpplicd
fur the SA'I"s‘ and estimates lll‘L' tltrrt
|5-Ili.ll()0 may drop lrtirn lhzrt
riuttibcr according to Anilirtcli.
Reasons Demanded

Asscriiblynittn Slcvc Know (It-
Auborn) prcsscd Arnbticlt lor' the
tensions behind this dccliric iri
tipplrcrrrits. Atribricli citcd tlic cost of
inking tlic lcsls‘ rrs (illC rcttstin. llic
chcrits cxrirns liutl bccn lrcc to rrriy
student who wished to lake tlicrri
Ariiliticli strid. btrl the SA l's cost
crrclr pupil $7.50.

Also. Arirbricli llitiuglit tlitit the

Irict the tests tire given on ll Strtur'tltty
rtiorntrig, instcrid til during :i school
drry ris tlic chcnts \vcrc riirry llil\'L‘
stopped sonic students ll'tllll ttrkirig
it. turd Iic ritldcd tlirit rnruty colleges
do not require 'rui trpplicrint to
stilirtiit scores from those tcsts \vltcn
Ilicy tipply l'tir ridrtirssitiri. lhusc
slltdctits may lune t'clt it Would be ti
\vtistc of their time sriid Arribriclt.
Public Hearings

Arttbricli trppcrirctl bclorctlicjtirnt
coriirttittccs us port of their tinnrtrrl
public hearings tin thc proposcd
[Executive Budget. He read llll
upcriirig strilcnicnt. rind tlicn
ririswcrcd tiny questions the
committee members lllttl. llltlSL'
questions rrtngcd lr'tirn rillcr'irig tlic
Stritc's school riid l'tir'niulrt, to
Asscriiblyrmrn Krcrncr‘s worry oicr
rccipicrits of nicdicril sclitilrrr'slups
buying tlicir way out l7l obligations
to sttrv in tlic Stritc upon guiduartiori.

Profs Use Anti-Cheating Methods

by (l. Pris-cal Zachary

Biologist Jrriiics (irccti rind
clicrnrsl Allrcd l‘lllkclSlL'ilI do not he
.iivrrkc ill ritglit devising ingenious
methods it) prcvcnt clicrituig. llic
two S U N Y A
professors. currently
touching BIO IUI rind
CHM Ill. required
courses tor prc-mcdictil sltldcrils.
leCp wcll. l'tir lllt.‘ strategies they
litive developed in order to limit
clicritrng scum to be working.

'I'liougli they may differ on the
specifics of “chanting-prevention"
(ircct) rind Finkclstcin subscribe to
the some theory: divide and conquer.
llic class is divided into srtitillcr
groups and each group trikcs the
exam in ll single clussroorri. chcrul

News
Focus

~__,_________.___———
Ii'dirur'r mile: Second in (I .i't'ri‘m- uii
much-mic pressure and cheating.

PAGE Tunas:

pr‘tictors wrrtcli over the students
while the cxartninrilion is rrt progress.

Separation is Ir'inkclstcui's
primary concern. He uses "tit lcrist
tlircc" rtltlllls pcr cxrimirirrtitin illltl
trrrrtngcs to have clctcn prticttirs on
duty. ldcrilly, students wrll bc
scpcrritcd btilli “litiril.tiritrilly rtrid
vertically."

Green is more of ti slicklcr lor
dcttril. Al'tcr discovering tlittt
clicriting was tukrng pliicc til the end
of cxrrniintitions be begun to
“monitor pretty closely the lirindutg
in of exams." 'l'luiugh rcluctunl to
discuss the "tight security" involvcd
in the preparation and storugc (ll
cxrims. Green said that lie "rtitrttcd
the places where the exams .rirc
stored."

"Either the clieutirtg is so futuristic
tlirtt no one finds out about it or
there is very little of it.“ said

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

l‘irikclstciri. \vlio lllts not lcrit'ncd til
llll)’ instant-cs ol clrcrrtrrig in tlic prrsl
lcw ycrirs.

(ircco knows there is sortie clicritiirg
going on. “Students have conic iii
rind told me.“ hc said.

lltitli professor's litivc intidc rrri
ell on in lhcir introductory classes to
reduce the pressure for guides and
tlic competition rirtiong students.

Size Factor

“The only thing separating us
from the other disciplines is thrrt we
are very large." Grcco said. 'I here is
prcssurc u rid competition
throughout the trcridcntic
community. he added.

“Cheating is a problem."
Finkclstein strid. Both he and Green
are the first to admit that they have
not found a solution. But it seems
clear that they have helped minimize
the problem.

pcrmittcd to vote in their college
towns bcctiusc dorms are technically
considered “domicile-s" ririd not
residences. The Lewis proposal
would llll\'L‘ riitist imprtct on students
who ltrivc rtprrrtmcnts off—crunpus‘.

Wltcrr IS-ycrir tilds wcrc grruitcd
the right to vote in I97 I. the prospect
of tlitiusruids of students voting in
their cullcgc ctiriinittrtitcs‘ instigated
the Sttrtc l.cgislrrlurc to CI‘L‘lIlC Iriws
dcl'iriing residence to prohibit
students front voting all their
schools.

In Onondaga County. :i number
of crises involving the right of
students to register in lllL‘ll' collch
communities lttrvc bccn unit by
Syr‘ticusc titlurncy Riclirird
llr'ickivcddc. In these ctrscs.dccrsitiris
by the courtly botirds‘ tll clcctitiri
llilH: liccrr tivcrturricd till it crrsc Ii)
ctrsc busts by rt court lrritlrrig tlirit
students" I4tli triricridrucrtt right to
cqutil pr'otcctitiri and due process
lirtd bccn vitilrited.

According to Ilrickivcddc, tlic
courts him: till ttgrccd tlirit students
can vote in their ctillcgc
coriiriiuriitics. 'l he courts litrvc gtiric
tIS hit us to riwrrrd court costs to tlic
sludcrils ltlltl groups lll\‘t)l\Cd iii
tltcsc Cltscs. An trppctil by tlic
()rioritltrgc litirird til clcctiorts wris
dclcritcd irt I977.

Ilr'ickwcddc is still looking tor ll
sttilc—wtdc ruling briscd on rtti
individual decision which would

make both the procedure and law
unconstitutional.

'l'Iic SUNYA SA lcgril services
ol'l‘icc Plans to lcst the current
election lrIWs in the courts rrs soon rrs
ll tcsl crisc crui bcrrrrttngcd. llicy lccl
tlirrl tr crisc will tirisc during the
pltuiricd April votcr rcgrstrtitiun
drive when SUNYA studcrils \\‘lll
ttttciiipt to t‘cgistct‘ from their till«
criritpus trddrcss 

According to SASU l.cgrs‘lrrtr\c
lritcr'ri llcrinctt Drcs‘slcr. rt SUNi x\
strident. the Ncw York Stritc
definition Ul rcsidcncc isotrtniodcd.

“l'tidriy. tlic rivcrrtgc Amcrictrri
cltrtiigcs r'csidcncc (in tlic tivcrrigc ol
tincccvcry four ycrtt‘s." stitd Drcsslcr.
" l his riittkcs cvcryoric lIS tr'ririsicnt us
at ctillcgu student. No onc's residence
is pcrrituricnt."

l lic l97| legislation dcliricd
I’L'hltlL'llCL‘ us "l’lirit plrrcc \vlicrc rt
pcrstin lllllllllltllls tr ll.\Ctl.
pcr'riirtncnt. rind principal home to
which lrcrri wlicr'cvcr' tcriiptir'rir'ily
locritcd. rilwttys llllL’lldS to return."

The law rilltiws the count} litilll'tls
til clcction to consider liictor's such
its rrri tipplicrints l’irirrriciril
independence. criipltiyrrrcnt. income
sources. trgc. rrrid ritrtritttl sttrtus.

Under the propuscd l.cu'is' bill.
loctrl btlilrtls tnriy not consider those
Irrctiii's in establishing i'csidcncc ltir'
clcctiori districts.

Local boru‘ds could not consider

t'tllllillllt't/ urr page/our

 

f

‘

MIIMA AM NAIVIV

Food For Thought

Actlnn SUNYA Pro-Idem Vincent O'Lelry and Vice Pruldent tor
Academic Mill" Davld Martin descended Into the Colonlnl Quad
cut-tom Wodnndny to sample the student Inn. And they plotted
the rlotit night: a special link dlnner was modern clltlve quads.

 

 

 

FEBRUARY 10. 1978

 

