   
    
   
   
  
 
  
 
  
   

"ijﬂﬂ'ﬂﬂﬂl n;

  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
   

 

 

 

  

 

((2)1976 Millerﬁrewmg Co. Milwaukee, Wl5.

 
      
   
 
  
  
 

  
  
   
  
 
  

      
       
  

,.t\.»t.~' \ t

' Albany'l Dave Pack (#21) tlnlshas home run trot as Oswego State's
pitcher deioctedly walks/oft the mound. (Photo: Karl. Chan)

 

by Mike Dunne

lhe Albany State varsity baseball
team split two SUN YAC conference
doubleheader‘s tltis week to raise
tltcir league mark to 3-7. The squad
is 5-l0 overall.

On Tuesday the Danes divided a
twinbill with ()swego. Albany look
the opener 8-7 in one of the most ex-
citing games of the season for the
llob Burlingamc cottched squad.

lhe Danes fell behind in the early
innings attd trailed Oswego 5-3 in the
home half of the fifth. Then.
however, tlte Danes' captain and
center ﬁelder Roger Plantier stroked
a three-run hunter which temporari-
|_v staked Alhattytoa (1-5 advantage.

www-mw.’ M_Mmm

Each team scored in its half of the
sixth with Oswego also managing to

score in the top of the seventh.:

Albany then came to bat with the
score tied 7-7 in the last halfinning.

The Great Danes used the longball
in the fifth by Plantier to go ahead
and did the same in the seventh as

Dave Peck slammed a solo homerto ‘

clinch the victory.

Sophomore pitcher Mike Eat—l

posito cante on in relief to pick up
tlte win.
Albany was overpowered in the
second game by a I3-3 score.
'l'lte:l)anes also split a pair of
games in Cortland last Saturday.
lhc season winds down this after-

 

 

~

Wit": ' ’
 "a l
-  _

 

3 Notice:

The first annual Membership meeting of
University Auxiliary Services at Albany will
be October 17 at 3:00 p.m. in the Alumni
House. A Board of Director’s meeting will
follow immediately.

 

 

 

BUILD YOUR OWN

 

Sporting Events A re An Experience
Moon's .-tn' Seen The ll"n,\’ They
I’oni: Amt t)tIn-r Virlr'o Gaines Arr! More Exiting Than Eucr/
('nn Hr lr'scd ll'i't/t Video Tape Playback Equipment!

Ill'—”..

 

 

 

use. No electrical or trti'cbanical connections to I V.

can do it quickly.

 
 

Set will gladly pay you up to
one kit. - $29.95, two kits - 5i ..
SALES MARKETING Dept. Nl’-7

PO. Box 2046
Merced, California 9534“

JD, five kits - $99.95.

   

Enclosed is $_ﬁ_w_,_,__, for ...,.  . 

Name ,_,,___.,_,_.,_.. .. ...

 

Address ,,_...-.. H, .

City/Stale . .

 

 

45.7111 '

 

It’s Like Having a “Movie Theater" in Your Home!
AMAZING $90.00 PROJECTOR KI'I‘ now only $29.95
Imagine inviting friends to see ’l‘V Specials, Movies, Sports, on your 'I‘heater Sizeh'I‘Vl It‘s like viewing on a movie
screen! Everything takes on a whole new dimension . . . almost makes you feel liltc‘you rt- in the action!» Can also
be used outdoors, converting your back yard into an ()pl‘ll'ﬂif Outdoor Theater! “us new invention, gtvas sharp
brilliant TV reception comparable to commercial projector systems costing $2,500 or more. 'Absolutaly SAFE to
Removes in seconds for regular tilll.‘ vtcwntg.
required. ProjECts up to 5 x ti foot pictures (7% Ft. diagonal) on wall or screen, even in the smallest rooms or
apartments, Best. of all, this amazing I’rojcctor is really simple and inexpensiva to build yourself.‘1"3van a 12—year old
Enclosed Kit comes complete with unbreakable lifetime guaranteed Precision Lens System,
11" x 17" illustrated Plans and Specifications and EASY ASSEMBLY instructions. Allnyou supply is only sortie
Cardboard or wood for the simple cabinet. This PI‘UlUL'lUI' 0401 l)“ “bifd Wlill ANY Pumlbll! IV set. 7' to 25 , ttnd‘wtll
enlarge pictures in either Color or Black A2 White. If you .wish, here s an easy way to make money tit your spitlretime.
Simply assemble and sell these 'l'V Projectors to your friends,Vnmehlmrs. relatiVes, etc, Evaryone With a I‘e avtsion
90.00 for each Projector you hurld. Maki- up to $70.00 on each easy sale. Your cost,

Postpaid complete 'l‘V PROJECTOR Kl'l‘S

tit/.1; t'tlltri‘» in tuhl'r .

I Anzac... . _ 

J.-
"—5.6

 

 

 
 

’.'.‘, Ill/A

 

.':..‘;.. "4

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

, ' title 130 men
’BIG SCREEN COLOR TV

As Exciting As [icing There!
Were Meant To Be Seen!

Simulated ’l‘ V Rem-p (to n

 
 
 
 
 
 

WQBK-FM

 

 
        

  

    
       
 
  

No special aerial

    
        
 
   
    
   
   
   
    
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

  

       

 
 

 

 

Plantier And PeclcSparI‘r Batmett

noon when Albany hosts local rival
Siena. This will be the team's final
game of the fall schedule after the
doubleheader in Utica yesterday.

Harriers Triumph

continued from page twenty three
my time was 5:05, I felt quite strong
and just went out harder with more
confidence," said Von Bevern. "It
was an improvement of 12 seconds
over my last race and maybe my best
meet ever. I've been improving all
season."

Fisher jumped to a quick lead and
had ﬁve yards over Lavan after a
2:25 opening ltalfmile. A brisk wind
pinned his hair straight back and the
nippy temperatures may have kept
his time down somewhat. But lie was
never challenged and the smooth
striding senior simply widened the
distance throughout lltc race.

Meanwhile, the Munscy formula
was beginning to take effect. Lavan
held second firmly and Reilly began
to edge up. with Ruppfstill holding
lltird when they passed the mile
Ittark iii 4:55 for Fisher and 4:57 for
Lavan. Russo and Von lievcrn
crunched over the leaves at Indian
Quad attd eonlidcntly assumed sixth
aitd seventh. respectively.

'livo miles gone, and Fisher had
increased the margin over Lavan to
30 yards and clocked in at an even l0
ntinutes. Reilly was on the shoulder
ol Ruppf now. and lte slowly grazed
by the Red Raider over the next
quarter mile. The field becante more
spread out and the two Albany pairs
strode on by themselves.

With just one Italfmile remaining,
l-ishcr ltad taken a commanding

ItXl-yard lead. but his pace was too
ntuclt for teammate Ruppf. and
Lawn and Reilly were unchalleng-
ed. A still ltcadwind slapped their
faces heading around the soccer licld
on the final hill, but the disparities
were too great and no positions
changed on the linal stretch.

('olgale’s ledger tell to a dismal l-
4. while Albany's hopes are probably
.it a seasonal high presently. 'l he var-
sity now seeks to dctcnd its title in
the SUNYAC's at liinghantton the
lt)lltt\\’lllg week. “We're in great
shape now, and the best has got to be
ahead of us." said Munscy.

While the homecoming parade
proceeded in the distance, Albany
made it a pcrlcct day by sweepingthe
jayvcc section also. .loltn Ditctt
recorded the victory for Colgate in
27:4! but the Danes swept l'ivc oftlte
top seven spots taking an easy 22-39
witt. Soph Casey Carlstrom finished
fourth and was named the outstan—
ding l)ane Jayvee runner for the
meet. Other top finishers for Albany
were Ismael Cruz in second. Ray
Morrero itt third, Bob Sanchez in
sixth, and Dave Ralhjens in seventh
place. lr‘inishing eighth and ninth,
respectively. were Matt Van Enron
and Dave "Slingshot" Goldberg.

. t, .. '
Goteboll Typowmor ,
‘ ARCADE BUILDING
rm BROADWAY, ALBANY
434-4077

 

PAGE TWENTY-ONE

 

 

