 

 

 

 

‘¢-...ao......r;;;. .
A New Italian Coffee Shop
Coffé Sud

Felice Bongiorno -— Proprietor

 
 
 

1178 WESTERN AVENUE
ALBANY, NEW YORK
482-9603

 
   
   
 
 
 

Italian Pastries
Cappucino —— Espresso
Italian-American Soft Drinks and Snacks

     
    
 

 

—— also ——
Malian gifts. records and tapes
Be sure to visit our amusement parlor

 
 
    
    
   

  
   
    
     

 

 

onathan Swartz once pointed

out that an amazing thing
happens when you see Sinatra
in person: you can't help but
notice that lie looks like
‘Sinatra. With his left hand casually
resting in his hip pocket. his right arm in
front ofhim bent at the elbow.crgarettc in

 

 

 

hand. Frank Sinatra stood ccnterstagc at
SPAC Monday night looking. and more
importantly, sounding like Sinatra.

Richie Mermelstein

‘ 'OI' Blue 
Is Better Them Ever

'Detroit took the stage. and sung m.

joked about his friends “Old Red liycg“

 

Applications are now available in
he

Student Association office for the

following jobs:

 

 

      
 
  
   
  
   
  
  
 
 

 

IStudent Assistants (in the Contact Office and
SA Office)

Central Council Secretary

Finance Committee Secretary 1

Athletic Finance Committee Secretary

funded by Student Assoctatron
_ ,_ ,_,Ji

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

has changed!

Note: The last day to drop a course for
the fall semester is Oct. 27.You will not
receive a “W” grade on your transcript.

There are NO drops past Oct. 27th.

funded by student association

 
 
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

     
    
    

l

Weekly Meetings

Mondays at 9:30 pm
Campus Center 375

No meetlng Labor Day.

 

    

He strolled out without introduction at
9:20. and the awesome applause forced
you to realize that compared to this giant.
most'celebreties billed its “star who need
no introduction." indeed ought to wear
name tags. Backed by a band of two
down musicians. he began with Night
uml lur. which was lollowcd by three
other uneventful numbers including. The
lady it a Tramp. His voice met tlte
challenge of the lull orchestra. but by no
means overpowered it. He was just
warming up.

He slowed the pace. singing quiet love
songs. accompanied by only the strings
and it solt percussion background. Here
he was. in the autumn of ltis life. stripped
of any trumpets or trombones to fill the
holes. singing songs he had made famous
all times when it was a very good year for
blue~blooded girls of independent means.
Arid his sound was flawless.

the capacity crowd. who shelled ottt
S | 5-825 per ticket responded
enthusiastically. although under control.
the house lights were turned on. and
Sinatra sat down on at stool.

“Let's talk for a while. he began. He
turned to the condttctor. “Bring the my
gasoline.“ He looked at the drink and
sighed. “Ya know. it gets longer and
longer from Night and Day to this baby."
For the next ten minutes he delivered a
fairly enjoyable monologue. the lights
went down again except for a single
spotlight. and fl refreshed Ultl Illuc hirer
began the second part of his show.

The voice is at rntrscle. tiny musicologist
will tell you. Sinatra had performed a few
culisthenics. and now began to flex.

He belted Chicago with the vigor of a
man called Frankie years earlier. He

‘ performed songs front his MUM days

with Gene Kelly at full tilt. Nathan

 

4.
l Frank at present is just as good Ml

Oldest Established Permaner l'lUUlfliyl
Crap Game in New York with the ml:
and zest he showed two decades ago, it.

(Dean Martin) and “Old Brown [3‘0"
(Sammy Davis Jr. ‘— “He‘s a short guy:m
he only needs twanty Vision). and poinlcd
out songwriter Jimmy Van lrlcuscnrntlrr
audience. All the while. his \‘tilcc soullde
as if it was born—again. matching cttch'
instrument note for note.

Again. the show slowed. to hr

'performcd Sondheim‘s Swirl lli Ilit‘:

Clowns and (ieorgc llurrisun'il
Sum/hing. his way. (“You're asking rm .1
our love will grow. I don‘t know. I don]
know. But stick around. Jar/r. and it nun
show.) The applause grew w itb ctrclr yonLi
until he introduced the incyittrhlc Inrtrli

“I guess it's that time ngaun. I'm- unit
this song for a lot of years ' H;
pondered aloud how it was it gumm- of in
advancing age. smiled. sippcd lu. dnnl
and began My Way.

Slow and smooth at first. lunltlrr.
along with the resounding Sli'ill_L'xl1i.‘l]1[,2
him. and reaching for the lost two turn].
“1 did it. .  —r a slight ptltlsc..tndlhcui'
his voicc‘s p‘ak. seemingly drowrungthz
orchestra  “. . .my way." holding 1h;
last note for it full ten seconds la.
standing ovation begun. just to \llrlll ,‘
wasn't a ﬂuke. he bellowed lllc List in
words again. as full and as rich .llltid '
loud as the first time. until llit' il;ll..
finished and the audience exploit-d.

For an encore. he sang .Atmcinu iii
Beautiful. which might htnc windy
overy-patriotic had Arlo (iutltnc [ll
closed with it during it rcccnt torn

The crowd again stood. as \rrutr.
bowed. sincerely. almost humbly ll.
walked to the edge ofthe stage. and shout
hands with the people in the first ltl\\ t
woman gave him a rose. and in it’lllili. Er
handed her his handkerchief; tlrc cusurr
hysterical screams made it clc.o limb?
was still Sinatra after all these \t'.ll\

   
    
  
      
   
   
  
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
  

l
3L
f

i

Frankie Bobble-cotter: Iovod.

 

  
  
 
 
  
 

 
  

  
  

ere She” |

    

‘
L

 

“If I do my best and lose
I won’t feel that bad.

 

iss America. The sheer
mention of the title brings to
many people‘s minds the
image of a pretty blond with
 ambitions to make it in
liywaod as a movie star. and with

 
 
   

 

alt tit as much intelligence as a 4th grade
dt‘J "-out.

“P .
"but right here at SUNYA. there‘s a
legitimate Miss New York State on her

way'to the big pageant in Atlantic City
M.J. Memmott

September 9th. and she definitely doesn‘t
conform to that stcrcotypc. Her name is
Paula Ann l’opc. turd while describing
her as just a pretty blond could be an
understatement. saying that she didn‘t
have any brains would be an outright lie.
One of the first things l’nultt will make
sure you know in any conversation about
her new title. is that the Miss America
competition. and all the State oncs
leading up to it. are scholarship pageants.
not bcnuty pttgcttnts. llrtlikc hcr
counterpart. Miss USA. the Woman
I.clttosen as Miss America will be awarded
m‘qpey to be used only for her college
education. Miss USA cttn use ltcr pri/c
. money its she wishes.
“I would never have entered tltc Miss
u HSA competition." l’nttln sttid l'ucsdny.
. "l‘m pulling myself through school now.
i and I plan on going to law school tiller I
graduate. Since 1 won the Miss New York
title and received a thousand dolltn
scholarship. this is ouc ycurl won‘t hmc
to take out at loan.“
By talking with l’nuln for arny lcttgth of
time about her future. you'll scc that she‘s
,‘rvetilly set on it lnw cttrccr. and also that

 

 

 

politics seems to be it love of hers. Her
father was an Assemblyman from
Niagara County from I965 to I970 and
after that served under tltrcc Governor‘s
on the State Unctnployment insurance
Board. He was Chairman of the Board
until the time of his death in 1976.

it was her father‘s political career that
spurred Paula‘s interest in government
and law. “We worked in the Capital the
past three spring semesters." she said. “Its
like it whole different world down there.
ortc that I really loyc. But I've also
‘cnjoyed school at Albany."

School is something that the queen
lrom Lockport htrs workcd very hard at.
Art linglish major rtrinoring iIt history and
music. l’ttnln is now a second semester
scnior. If she wins the Miss America tillc
however, she‘ll illl\L' lo lttkc at year off
lrotn studies to I'ulllill her duties.

But should lllc judgcs o\crlook ltcr.
l’nultt will graduate frorn SUNYA iIt
December. work iii the lcgislnturc trntil
l’nll. and then enter law school. She
admits that sornclimcs its hard for ltcr to
decide which would mttkc ltcr hnppicr.
hcing Miss America. or a freshman law
student.

“l .. .\ school has been on my mind for
almost HS lottg HS 1 can remember. I low
to play music. nItd I like to share it with
others. but not us it career. law is a \cry
.ndnpttrblc curcer. especially if you want at
“family. I think its n \cry rcwnrding one
also. lltn 1 not \cry c\cilcd about beingin
the pageant. and on l\’ and c\crytlnng.
gem not sure what it‘s going to

like. -

It was I’nuln‘s piano playing that
stoppcd the show lll llullnlo on July IS.
the night of lltc Miss New York Sttrtc
lhc clnssicttl Inctllcy of

 
   
 
 

  

competition.

  
 

  

“ [lg/p ..

(lricg. lchitrkoysky. and lirnbms thtu'
I l’trulu arranged hcrscll countcd lot 50‘. of
her final scoric lli thciudgcs book. Hoping
to continue her good luck. l’nultr wanted
to play tltc sntnc arrangement in Atlantic
City. Unfortunately. Miss lllnh had
already sent Ill lth lnlcnl choice. tin
arrangement \cry similar to l’tiuln‘s. So
l’tttlln has settled on lchiukoy sky's Piano
Concerto Number l as ltcr new choice.
"Its the hardest one I‘Vc c\cr plttycd. btltl
love it.“ she says.
lint all serious inspirations aside. how
does she really Iccl about bcittg Miss New
York State and possibly Miss Amcricu'.’
"Very cxcilcd. its one of tltc bcsl things
l'\‘c c\cr tlonc. l he experience I'\ c picked
tip at working with people and all tltc
situations l‘\c been in stncc winning has
really been great."
l’nnln nlso lcll that run: of the most
beneficial aspects of thc Miss \cw \ork
competition w as the mlct \ icw . “Icnrntng
to bundle .r tough mlcrncw situation is
itnporlnnl tor trnyonc bill cspccntlly for
someone going Illltl latw.”
lltc prcssurc ol appearing on iiillltlllill
lclc\islon. and of the competition tilonc
doesn't sccm to rattle lth on the outsidc.
bttt she did complain of n tcw buttcllhcs
III the stomach Iltosc buttclllrcs will
undoublnbly mcrcnsc in numth
September 91h nppronchcs. Uthcrs worry
about her though. "My family.
lricnds lllltl cspcctnlly my boylricnd scent

llS
loo

more nervous than inc." shc said. "i
guess when you‘re close to someone you
wont thctn to win about its much ilS that
person docs."

One ol the few things that docs worry
l’ttttln is the her constant
:ippcarttnccs will have on ltcr family and

cllcct

" '  york l

 

friends. appearances that would intensify
should she bccotnc Miss Amcrictt. “lt‘s
\cry hard because I‘m not allowed to
appear with my boylricrtd lint or my
family whilc‘l‘m nctittg its Miss New
York. lispccinlly not lint." .shc sand. "I
wish I could share motcol tl withthcm."

litn uddcd his owrt side of thc story.
“It‘s really hnrd to lime to shtuc her with
so trinity people. I guess thnt‘ssomcthingl
ncvcr expected."

With all her ckcilcmcnt and nerves
though. l’nuln is trying to approach the
big pngctrnl with n r'ctrlistic outlook on her
chances.

“I know there w ill be 4‘) other women
thcrc. who will all be c\trctncly lillClllL‘tl.
l‘ll do my best. and II that means I w in. I'll
be rctrlly lltlppy. lint ii I do my best and
losc I won't 1ch that hnd \\ but more L‘:tli
I do thnn my best?"

“I ttlsti wont to ntnkc \cw \olk Stntc
proud of me." .

"I know lltcrc :trc those who so} than
pngctmls ol :rny kind tnc sc\tsl. lint I.
don't think this onc l\. \ wolnnn should
pursue it career ll slrc wunts to.;rnd it good
cducution cnn lt‘iltl to :1 good ctuccr.
llrnl‘s \\ill|l I'm trying to do now. wtn :1
competition thnt will grcnlly hpr inc
through school. \\lt.rt\ more libcrnltng
tltnn flint?"

l'unln Ann l’opc. first she was Miss
t'olonic. thcn Miss New \otk. .\lu_\bc
nc.\t sltc‘ll bc Miss .'\lilL’l|L‘il. It's at little
bind to bclicyc that as :r rumor she wns
only runnct~up m the S11?“ .-\
homecoming ()uccn competition.
Whatever the outcome on September ‘lth
lll Alluntrc ('rty. till ot Sll.\'\ \ us well its
.lhc rcst ofthe state know she‘s ll \\lllllt.'l.

ll

 

“I know there are those who say
pageants of any kind are sexist.
But I don’t think this one is.”

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

