 

 

 

 

. ﬁ

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Lw‘orld news bi
Oil Workers Slawdown

TEHRAN. IRAN (AP) Oil workers launched a new wave of
crippling slowdowns in lran‘s vital oil fields yesterday
demanding the ouster of Shah Mohammad Rem Pahlavi,
reliable sources reported. They said the slowdowns in the
southern petroleum belt immediately forced a cut of 2 million
barrels in daily crude oil production, one-third the normal
level. In downtown Tehran yesterday, gunmen hurled bombs
and ﬁred automatic weapons at a police station. killing one
policeman and wounding another, the government said. The
oil workers' protest and the frontal assault on the shah's
security forces marked an escalation in the opposition cam--
_ paign agalnst the shah and his military-led government. “We
expect the slowdowns to get worse Tuesday and production
to drop even further." one well-placed source said of the job
action by many of the 37,000—man work force in lran‘s
southwestern Khuzestan oil ﬁelds. Oil is the keystone of
Iran's already-battered economy. A 15-day strike by oil in-
dustry workers last month .virtually paralyzed the fields and
cost lran. the world's second largest oil exporter. more than
$l billion in lost revenue. The state-run National lranian Oil
Co. was just beginning to restore productionto normal when
yesterday's slowdowns struck. As it did last month, the
military government may order the army into the oil fields
again to force workers to restore a possible confrontation.
The exiled leader of the orthodox Moslem opposition to the
shah. Ayutullah Ruhlooah Khomaini. had called from his
base in Paris for a nationwide general strike and street
demonstrations beginning over the weekend. Troops and

’Guyana‘s chief justice for reassignment.

-capitiil between troops and thousands of demonstrators

 

the case even though the boy‘s moth
her custody battle in us. courts; T

er Grace Stoen. had Won
he case was sent back to
It was the delay in

' ‘ hat hel d rsuade Rep. Dec Ryan
resolvrng the Stoen case t pe pe wording to

to make an investigative journey to Jonestown. a

_ . . r c I ' it ill . u a
his aides. Ryan died in a blaze :lilseuﬂli: ﬂigbx‘ neeii‘i;    P

' ewsmen and a fe ‘
.ll‘diizgt‘b‘ii‘n.nThe boy, whom Jones claimed to have fathered.‘
is believed to have had cyanide squirted down his throat and
to have died along with more than 900 others at the
Jonestown mass murder-suicide.

Armed Rebellion in Iran

TEHERAN. IRAN (AP) Gunmen hurled bombs and fired
automatic weapons at a police station in downtown Tehran
yesterday. killing one policeman and wounding another. the
government said. Authorities also said “terrorists fired on
police guards at the Egyptian Embassy residence in north
Tehran Sunday night. bttt no one was reported hit. The at-
tacks were the first serious assaults on security forces. in
months and came after three nights of clashes in the Iranian

against the rule of Shah Mohammed Rein Pahlttvt. The
gunmen attacked the police station from an overpass 20
minute alter the nightly curfew ended at 5 a.m.. authorities
said. They fled in a car and disappeared into the heart oftlie
city. There was speculation that the shah‘s political and
religious opponents might be moving from demonstrations
to armed rebellion. The army disclosed last week that arms
caches had been found in Tehran and other cities.

protesters battled bloodily for the past three nights in    

Tehran. but the strike move appeared to be faltering in the
crtpitnl.

CARACAS. . '
Christian l’rirty claimed victory yesterday for its 53-year-old

VENEZUELA (Al’) Venezuela's Social

More    presidential candidate Luis Herrera Crimpins rtftcrri massive

and peaceful voter turnout.

Former President Rafael

JUNESTOWN, GUYANA (Al’) Fearful he might lose L‘rildcrri. who lcdthc Social Christians to victory in the 1968
custody of 0-year-old John Victor Stoen, suicide cult leader election. predicted Herrera would dcfcrit Lurs l’tnerun
Jim Jones ignored persistent court summonses. tookthe boy ()rdrtz. 54. of President Carlos Andres l’erci's Democratic

to Guyana and had his top aides urge senior Guyanese Action Party by 300,000 votes.

The television station

officials to influence the Case. According to some Of his Vcnevision reported llerrcra. a lawyer rind senator. leading
personal papers obtained by The Associated Press. not only by [89.90 votes in an unofficial tally of 5.233.209 votes. or

did Jones avoid arrest. but the senior law enforcement tiiorctlirtn90 percent of'the estimated total vot

c. Eight other

official in Guyana also agreed in Marchthis year totake the candidates Were running far behind. dividing about Is

mtitter up with thejudge presiding over the custody hearing.

percent of'thc vote. Official returns lagged badly. but Herrera

Qf'tcr months of delay the Guyanesejudge refused to rule on wps leading in them also. The Supreme Electoral Council

said with 13.520 ballots counted. his margin over Ping,“
was 886. Thousands of Social Christian supponcrs ga‘hercd

around Herrera‘s ‘ '
victory and said he would work With the Democratic Action

party for Venezuela.

'SHIPMAN. VA. (A P) Ned Haynes, a cook pinned beneath a
stove foryll h
liner. endured the pain of broken bones and burns ll workers
struggled to free . ‘
where six persons died. “He was in tremendous prim, bur
never cried out. Haynes is very brave," said Capt. Kimball
Glass of the Lynchburg . '
Railway train. bound from Atlanta to Washingtondumpcd
its tracks at Elma. an abandoned Nelson Coumy rttil stop in
mountainous central Virginia, about 5:30 a.m. Sunday,
Seven cars ‘

in and around a shallow ravine bestde the track. Only the lend

Israel Will Not Renegotiate

JERUSALEM (Al’) Prime Minister Menrichcm licgin it
drafting a letter to President Anwar Sadat of Egypt reaffir-

said llcgin was consulting his top ministers on the Wordingrit

on the West littnk of'tlte Jordan River rind iii the (ill/ll Strip.

campaign headquarters. He claimed

ours in a derailed Southern Crescent luxury

him from the splintered. tangled wreckage

Rescue Squad. The Southern

and three locomotives lay scattered like kindling

locomotive ttlltl the lust car remained untouched.

 

 

tning lsrttel‘s refusal to renegotiate a draft peace treaty di turn
up the United States and accepted by Jerusalem. official
sources said. The informants. who asked not to be identified.

the letter before sending it to Cairo yesterday via the US
government. Begin is replying to a letter sent last week by
Sadat in which the Egyptian leader reportedly rcpcntcd hit
objections to the U.S. draft as well nsltisxlcmrindstlirtt lsirtul

llic lsracli newspaper Mrtitriv quoted Foreign Mllll\lt‘l‘
Moshe l)riyiin today as saying Sadrit‘s letter was "very
tough" and left "no room for further discussion. ()lllcl' Isttteli
press reports said licgin is prepared to talk abotit ri letter to be
attached tti the peace treaty that would establish ri link
between the agreement and the autonomy plan. lint olttcnih
said llcgin will not accept timetables of target tltttcs. 'llic
tltrce-weck-old impasse iti negotiations highlights the dif-
ftctrlty ol mcctingdcadlincs. It now appears unlikely thr- two
countries will resolve their differences in time to sign rt pt-rtt-t:
treaty by Dec. 17. the dendliiic which Srtdrit lllttl lit-gin

 

accepted in the Catnp David accord.

 

 

 

Admlsstons‘ Dlroctor Hart sold troshman acadcmlc
statistics are still uncompllod. (Photo: Mlka Farrell)

' o o .
Vital Statistics

All freshmen who are curious to see how thEy stack up
against the other members of this year‘s entering class will

veto wait a bit longer since the statistics on academic data
have yet to be compiled.

The delay is due to theextensive amount of information to
be collated. and the small professional staff available forthis
task. according to Admissions Director Rodney Hart.

Hart explained that the computer is still in the process of
determining exactly “who the enrolling students are." Then
data is collected separately on past high school averages. AP
scores. and other meaningful information. The cumulative
totals of the gathered information is then transferred into a
comprehensive report.

_ As of now. the report on the AP scores has been com‘
pleted. and the study on the transfer students began last
Wednesday. flan does not know. however, when the com-

by early December. but as Hart explained. the “work load
tends to increase. but the budget doesn’t."
— Beth Sexer

Lif/

 

 

 

'  For The Underdog

the New York Public Interest Research Group
tbi'l’lRG) believes that there‘s a need for it Consumer
l'rotcction Agency in Albany. and NYl’lRG members are
currently working oti building support for the project.
Director of NYl’lRG‘s Small Claims Action Center
lftomits Cullen said that a recent NYl’lRG study has shed
light oii the need loritn agency iii the city. Cullen said that the
findings of it study on the effectiveness of actions in small
ritins court has revealed that “the old and the poor are
tequetitly discouraged by the lengthy process involved in the
'ourls."
"A Consumer Protection Agency would provide a more

 tiilormal tttid accessible way for consumers to deal with
_ problems.“ Cullen said.

According to Cullen. a Consumer Protection Agency
would be financed by the City of Albany. the cost being

'- "potentially defrayed by the federally-funded CETA

program.
~ "We haven‘t spoken to the mayor yet." said Cullen. “but
we have contacted all the city's sixteen aldermen."

Cullen said that the success of the effort forthe agency will
depend on public support. “We've demonstrated a need for'
the agency. now the pressure will have to come from the
constituencies." I

Caveat Emptor

Let the buyer beware.

It has come to our attention that an organization which
calls itself the “Student Rescue Committee” has been mailing
to SU N YA parents offers to send their midnight~oil burners
student survival kits. to carry them through grueling ﬁnals
stretch.

I he kits, which cost $7.98 and include various candy and
tiiuiicliable items. are to be sent upon receipt ofremittance.
I lie Student Rescue Committee seems to bean on-campus
oi'gatittation. The letter is eVen signed by “Sue Swinegar. ‘80

—Charles Bell

plete profile will be available. Usually the report is prepared butrt‘lﬂry."

It is bogus.
the "Committee" is actually based in Massachusettes.
secretary "Sue'kgruduatcd with the Class of‘77. and she has

4 necks alter Christmas vacation. instead of before vrtctttiott its

[fungus stews. briefs J

___________________”———

dciiicd lirivttig stgiied the letter. yet what appears to be flut\
Slglltlllll‘l.‘ sits above her tiame.

However. if one does indeed want their cherished tlll'
b|lllllg to tune it kit. don‘t fret rr‘the International ltelritioits
L ltib. riti SA ltindcd organization. is offeriitg their own. it

costs so. and the offer IS university endorsed.
—- Steve (mt-r

Student Leader Sent Up

it appears that even fashionable crime doesn't pay. >

One and one-hull years after he took part in it campus sit-iii
.ll Stony brook. Gerrv Munginclli went tojail this Week to
sum: it 5-day contempt til court sentence.

Mritiginclli who three times was president of his student
hotly. was arrested with 20 of his classmates in February of
HM after they refused to leave the campus administration
bttildiitg under cottrt order. His was the onlyjailscntcncc.

lltc Sll-llt was a protest against a change in the campus
calendar which resulted in final exams being scheduled two

ltud becit traditional. V ‘
Said Mangitielli: “1 am being jailed for being Willing 1“
stand up annd fight for my beliefs.
_. Steve ()ster

Apartheid Forum

Want to get the facts straight on the South African
divestment issue? The Department of Afro—American
Studies is sponsoring a forum on the ‘lucs‘l"n
lhursday at 8:00 pm in Lecture Center 24. _
Speaking will be John Chettle. who is American Directotni
the South African Foundation and himself a white native
South African; Fred Dube, a black South African. of ii“?
South African National Congress; Bernard Comm“
formerly with the US. bureau of African Affairs; and‘JﬂmCS
lurner. who is director of African Studies at tortiell
University.

the forum was organized at the reqUCsl
I'restdortt Vincent O‘Leary after a meeting
leaders last month who asked him to sill“
supporting divestment. O‘Leary said hejwlm
information on the subject and suggested the forum.

._ Jill llaber

 

of SUNYA
with student
it petition
rcd more

 

 

 

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

DECEMBER 5. 1973

 

 

 For Planetarium. In Lintbv'jO‘.

by Debby Smith

SUNY has lost an investment of
375.000 which was originally slated
toi'tlicconstructionof'aplnnetarium
oit .thc SUNYA campus. Acting
Director of the ill-fitted planetarium
project l‘ratik .lcttncr said that an
additional 3290.000 planetariutn trust
ltitid was raised by the community
but remains unused.

.lettticr said that the planetarium
project was abandoned in 1976 after
liaising riirtdc payments of 75.000 to
the Crtrl lciss Company for the
construction of tfie plrincttirium‘s
projector.

"\\c plttycd rt waiting grime while
the University decided how they
were gotiig to build the
planetarium". said Jettncr. '

"It was it tragedy a few years ago.
when lltcy elected iiol to build it. The
money was essentially there. and for
ICilSthS tlirtt were iicvcr'mride clear
to me. lltc decision was made not to
htttltl it. lltcy (SUNY) sriid lltcyjllSl
tlttln't llil\L‘ tltc money. At the
limiting held to get bids oit the
building of tlic planetarium they
tictc only short 530.000 on it million
rlollrri project. llic commitment to
the community \\’lIS essentially lost."
Silltl ('Iirttt' til the Astronomy
Itcprtrtmcnt. ('tirtis llcmctiwrty.
who held tltc position tititil

September 1977. In 1965. as part of
the State-University's commitment
to the planetarium progect they
contracted with Carl Zeiss company
rit West Germany to buy a rebuilt
model planetarium. Of a total
purchase price of" 5125.000 for a
reconditioned instrument two
payments totaling $75,000 were
tirade. llte third and final payment
was tievcr made. according to
llcittcnway.

t lll‘l Aciss Co. held the projector
for sctcrrtl years as requested by
Sit.\\ dttc to the fact that they
\ci'cn't ready to receive it.
\cgolirttioiis have failed in attempt
to I'L‘L‘tt\'L'l‘ the initial $75.000. itnd
there will probably be at court
scitlctncnt. according to .lct'tner.

llic Henry Hudson Mctnorial
| lllttl of 549.000 Wits l'lllSCtl in I959
lot the purpose of constructing tt
\fllilll plrtnctttrittm ona Lake Ave. hill
wing of the old Dudley
i)|i\L‘l\illtll’)‘. llic money went itito
lttlSl. “flit the intention of the
Ltlllllllllllll)‘ group to arrange plans
\\ll|l tlic ritisci'iritory. lit I‘lttd.
lfctncttwriy. tltcri Dii tor of tire
Hirdlm UlthL‘Hilltth. ingctl for
lltt: Stritc rrttttcrsit} to trike over tltc
final and bittlrl lltc plritictrtrititn.
.rccoirltng lri .lctttici.

\rtlttctf now rit S‘)ll.0tltl the trust

.I\ ii

“I” rctiiaiti in a savings bank until
llltlllcd for the purpose of buildinga
planetarium. ldeas suggesting
.tiltcrtirttc uses for the money have
ltccllil'cjcclcd. A possible sight for it
planetarium would be in the state
museum. Plans are still in the
preliminary stages. according to
Mayor Erastus Corning. itn original
rticiiibcr of the fund raising
committee.

"\\c'rc Jllt‘tl keeping the money
there. hoping we‘ll have a
plirttctrti'iutti someday.“ said
t or hing,

".\s Acting Director of the project
from I‘)7|»7tt | see no way it major
platictrtttitiri could be built unless ttti
.tctiic cotitmuntty interest hcgltll. I
would sit) right now it plrtnclririutn is
.tll ctt\ ll ottmcntril multi-
ttic.ttrc...ytincou|dit't build riiiytliitig
tot IE» lllttll three million." said
.Icttttct,

‘I bt'ltctc rt |lltlllclilfltilll witlt it
proper building could be htttlt loi‘
\JJtthtltl." \llltl t'ortitng.

I lic Sl/t.‘ of the plrinctcitttiii would
rtclct itnttc llS cost. lltc intiiii t‘cttson
gitcii by Si \\ for [is tltIL‘lSlttll trot
to build the plrittctririuni wits ltick of
.tiitl tltlltt'rtlt) iii Irntlttig
r Hill I litillL‘lS. rtcciirrfiiig trt

tlttil|\'_\.

tit lllL'|l\\rl_\

WCDB-WABY Still At Impasse

by Stuart Liberman

With the strtrt of the (ircrit Dancs’
ltttSitclhilll season first Wednesday
night rigainst Southern Connecticut.
no ltriiil ill'l‘illlgclllcllls ltrtd yet bccti
tnrtdc between WCDH. nitd WABY.
.t local AM station. vying for the
rights to broadcast it.

A conflict iirosc between the two
stations last season. WABY was
broadcasting tlll Datic ltoinc games
httt refused to go on the road and
btrirtdcrtst away games. In the
rucrttittinc. WCDll broadcast the full
SCtlStlll schedule.

A new company took over the
Slitlltlll dtiring the past summer. and
recently it was reported that the
icltttiotisfup was on its way to
rtnprortng. Officials of hot it stations
itict ctrrly this semester iii an attempt
to reconcile differences and arrange
tor the two stations to work
together. At that time. WCDll
I' M Sports Director Rick
llcnstgnorsrt.dtlitit“cvcrytlting went
well . . . things look promising . . .
lltcy scented willing to work with
US.

$3“ , v ..

Downtown shoppers may now save 5.40 and ride in CDTA buseafor

l'lrtns were for riittlritctl for the two
SlltllUIlS to work together its rt uriit
\\|lllt.‘ broadcasting the entire
schedule of games. according to
llcnsignor. lltcy called for the use of
\\ L l)ll equipment and announcch
wlnlc \VAllY would supply the
transmission lines. lloth stations
would profit. in that WCDB would
he splitting the expenstvc liiic costs
while WAllY would be able to see
comtncrcnil time. He said that the
one bllplliillllllt iiirtde forbade the
announcers from usingtlic call name
\\ L'Dll 9| l‘M. instead having them
use it neutral ottc. such us Great
I).tnc.~. littskctbtrll Network. for
c'.\.iiup|c.

Although no definite plans were
t:\t.‘l officially agreed ttpoii. WAllY
iot'iitcr Sports Director KL‘ilh
\i tiold had told licnstgnor he would
submit the junit-broadcasting plan
In tltc sponsors rind then get brick to
iiiiii llS soon as something was
rlccitled.

.\.\ of now. At iiold has not gotten
brick to licnstgnor. However. that

did not keep \VAllY away. Then

1/3

tree becauseot a todoral grant aubsldlzlngthe sorvlce.(Photo:UPS)

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS“ '

DECEMBER 5, I978

.ttittrittttccis were settled alongside
the \\t'l)ll itllllttllllCClS for the
Hrtttcs scrison opciict‘. “\VAIW was
not supposed to be there." snId
Iicnstgiiot. "We were supposed to
work together with them. bitt the
th'lrtIlS \\t't’c nctcr worked ottt.
\otliiiig \\tlS c\ct' dccttled."

\ccoi‘rling to llcnsigttot'. he was
told tlirtl "Arnold was gone illltl no
ttllt‘ knows to thlttl'c. He left no
trii wrttdnig rtddrcss."

“L‘lthlglltll sritd lilill hc crillcd
\\ \li\ Saturday rittd spoke to
LllllL‘lll \\ Alli Sports Dircctot' Chris

 

by Marie ('ortirtsol
\ll tczidy to dig yours

Ill cflccl tiitttl l)r:c.lf.

 

\l.tttrir. liiqutrmg rts to wlty WAllY
i\.r~ .it the grime. lictistgiiot’sriid that
“L “its told. “lltcy just decided to do
If.

\|.tttrit Silltl tilt!) were plrittntngon
iltllilj: tlic home games bill was
tlllSlllL‘ .ilrotit the away games itt that
lie “tirrs not SlflL' It ltc would be able
lt| scll ctitiitiicictnl time." according
to llcttstgritii.

m m w...

The library wlll ready ltsalt for last mlnutecrammara with longer
hours beglnnlng Doc. 11 and lasting tll Dec. 21. (Pnoto:UPs)

Library Hours, Bus Runs
Added For Finals Week

yes in for the home stretch?
the ltbrrtry liotits tortliis lrtll‘sfinrils pcritid change Dec. 1 Land stay

on Motirlrty throuin l-ritlriy during that titnc. the library will open
at 7:_ltf rim. Saturdays. the doors will pitrt at 9 am. ritid oti Sundays tltc
jiillt‘h wrll sprcrtd at noon. 'l be closing time is 2 rttn every day.

\ccoidttig to SA President Paul l’elrltnrin. the university will be
running lrtlc-mtc bitsscs during this period.

According to Library Director James Scltmitd. the library Council
tlL't'ltlt‘tl tricltangc tltc librriry hours for finals periods two years ago. He
added that about lill'cc thousand schedules listing the library‘s finals
lltllllh were distributed in August.

 

A.)

\ccording to Mrirttti. his station
will be bitiridcristing eight or nine
Iltlll‘t.‘ grtntcs. illlllill the present time.
n.i\ c no plnns to broadcast the rtwtty
game. since "out of town games are
trio costly to critci. For the time
tit-trig wc ritc concentrating on the
local games. if there is rtti interest.
tnctt the trusty grrntcs will be

t tillSlilL‘lL‘tl."

CDTA Begins Free City Rides -

by Laura lt‘iorcntino

lltc tripitrtl District ll'llllSll
\ntltotily tt'lilA) "freewheeling
buses” \\lllL‘il scrucc tlic rtrctt
borrch ing on Link St.. ('linton Avc..
llioridttrty. rtnd lV’ifltllStlil /\\‘c.. is
trintplcfcly free to all passengers
lltllll the fronts of 9:00 ll.lll. to 3:00
[LII]. on weekdays and ‘):00 run. to
out) p.tn, on Saturdays.

litti-Venr Grunt

\ccottlttig to ('l)l/\ public.
rtiiottttrtttriti olltccr. llrirry llowmrtti.
tlic ltL'\\ hits scrt ice. which began on
\tl\. 20 of this )Clll'. has been
tiiirriiccrl lllltltil’ ri two-3cm grrtnt
tiriiti tltc lctlL‘f'ili gotcriintctit rind
prrrlrrtlly through lllllLlS from the
l tfi.ttt Muss ltrtnstt Authority. the
\lliriti_\ Multiltllll /\lllllllllSll'illlUll.
.tiirl lllt: cit) of Albany.

llriwiiirin srittl. "llic purpose of
tfitx‘ new program IS lo l‘L‘\Ililll/t.‘ the
downtown Allurny rti'cri. lt ltlSllgDcS
people the ttlcn lltitl Muss il'llllSll is
good .tiirl ptotnph them to try it.
llth tiiriy bc beneficial to lllt.‘ cities.

lit ('oiiipetitioii

'\ll‘ttlll_\ With iii compctrlion with
ctgltty other euros for' lllIS federal
grant. lrtcli city was required to
submit no merit“ plntt giving
detrtilcrl rtilormritton on the area.

ltownirtti said. "Albany was

. L'lltlscll ilL't'illlSL‘ it is it tlotvtttowti area '

\\lltL'll Intros n boundary standpoint

t
thrit IS clear cut and forms it Stllllll‘c

making it Itiriic iiirtnrigynhlc."
t l)l.’\ public itilot tiiitlioit officer.

Milli Ilrttbct'. ttddcd. “Albany WilS
pitifulin picked hL'CilllSL.‘ it was the
\IIlrlllL'Sl city and therefore cost the
lt'.|\l. \Iso. the early monetary
plcrlpc lltlfll the Albany Mci'clirttit
\tllllllllSllillltlll illltl ('in llrill grtve
riic pritcttinicttt confidence tit
Itii.ttict.il support for the project.

llicrc lS substrtnttril reason to
ticlrctc the progt‘tirii is working due
iii lllfllhutl ttdctsliip on the buses
.tttil triticcriblc ttttlt/rttioti of tire
.itcrt. llowtitriti :itlrfs. “It‘s it great
lake the bus
parking spaces

tllll\L'il|k'llCL' lo
\ltl\\flltl\\'ll when
.ticttl rttrttlriblc."

External Research Grants
Increase Over Last Year

by lticlinrtl llcltttr

\l‘.\\t’\ academic departments
.tlftl otgntti/ctl IL'SL'lllL'll illlllS lime
lL't.‘L'l\L‘Ll ri iritril Sill million frotti
r \it‘ttinl’ (Iltllt-Sllllc appropriated)
‘wltlfltL‘S lot use in tcscrticli this yertr.
rlL't’ttltllllg. tti Vtcc 'l’r'csitlctit for
liL'SclllLll Louis Sttlkcvc‘i'. llttsftgurc
Iclltcsclfls .tti lllcl'L‘llSL‘ of M pci'cent
lilSl ycrtr‘s amount and
IL‘IIIL'SCIIIS more than dottblcd
L\lL'llll|| funding tl\L‘l the last fitc

ll\k'i

years. in" Silltl.
External Funds
llIL'SL' cklct'tiril funds
ltJSL'illL'll iti tiiost of the schools rttid
rlcprttliiicttts on campus are grants
.tcrptnctl front federal agencies.
pitiritc coriiprttucs. and private
tllxllltlllttllh.
Ilic..itcrts receiving the largest
.iiritirtrit of IL'hL‘lllCll grants tti‘c.tltc
t rillcgc of Sciences and

used for'

\I.|l|lt.'lllitlL'llL'S. the School of Social
\\ cllrttc. rtnd the School of
I rltic.i'r.oii.

No Large Shift

lltc lcrirlntg departments include
biology. the Attitospltct'tc Sctcnccs
('cntcr'. L'ltctnistt'y.
l‘Iiyxtt-s. lllt' Sprtcc Astronomy
laboratory. rind trtrntnal .lnsiticc.

lIictc liris been no large shift ittgrrint

.rllociittotis as compared to last year
when these srtittc dcpttt‘tincnts
tcrcttcd the Ingltcst ntnount of
funds.

Srilkc\ct \lllti lltzit SUNYA
rcccttcs lcwcr funds tlirtii otltcr large
\lrllt‘ unitci'stty ccntcis. littf'frilo arid
Stritiybrorik lltittci'stttcs' receive
IIltIIL‘ iiioticy liccntisc of their large
iiicrltcrtl rttid ciigtticcting programs.
httt Albany docs receive flit: highest
ltitirls pct" crtpitri uniting SUNY
t .tlliltllSL‘b itt t)lllt.‘l' fields.

UBAGEXRHREE

Kt'SL‘lllL'll

 

