 

.»mu..nw... ...

 

  
 

1,1. .éﬁexlm—quw at, _. a‘

 
 

 

w. a o... w.«».... n .m

 

 

 

 

 

Who was. that (Masked Man?

by Gene Dlmm

In his essay Politics and the English
Language. George Orwell wrote “In our time.
political speech and writing are largely the
defense oftheindefensible. . . In our ag. there
is no such thing as ‘keeping out of politics.‘ All
issues are political issues and politics itself is a
mass of lies. evasions. folly. hatred and
schizophrenia. When the general atmosphere
is bad. language must suffer. But if thought
corrupts language." Orwell added. “language
can also corrupt thought." Which leads me to
a consideration of New York State Commerce
Commissioner John Dyson‘s well reported
and well received “economic royalism" speech
at a Legislative Institute luncheon in New
York City during November. 1

Dyson says New York State has fortoo long
indulged in a period of “economic royalism".

7 fire import of his remarks are a need to curb

state action and restore business conﬁdence.
tlie state is a “big motlter always telling us
wltat to do." He decries the lack of business
Incentives available as in other states
responsible for economic decline.

l itin struck by the phrase economic
royalism. It was also the key phrase of
I-ranklin Delano Roosevelt‘s acceptance
spceclt at the I936 Democratic convention at
Philadelphia's Franklin Field. For Roosevelt
ccoitontic royalism meant the opposite of
wltat it means to Dyson. Roosevelt compared
big busirtcss to the political royallsts or Torrics
against wltont the American Revolution was
totigltt. Ilc gave a radical speech. militant in
tone. I

“l~or out of (this) modern civilization
economic royalists carved new dynasties. New
kingdoms were built upon concentration of
control over material things. Through new
uses of corporations. bartks and securities.
new rtiacltittery of industry and agriculture. of
labor and capital all urtdreanted of by the
Iatltcrs the wltole structure of modern life
was impressed iitto the royal service.

llterc was no place among the royalty for
our titany thousands ofsrnall businessmen and
merchants who sought to make a worthy use
ol the American system of irtitiativc and
prolit. they were no iitorc free than the
worker or the farmer. liven honest and
progressive-minded men of wealth. aware of
their obligation to their generation. could
iteier know just where they titted into this
dynastic scheme of things.

llte capital of the small businessman, the
rnicstmerit set aside for old age. other people‘s
money. these were the tools which the new
economic royalty used to dig itself in.

It was natural and perhaps human that the

privileged princes of these. new economic
dynasties. thirsting for power. reached out for
control over government itself. They created a
new despotism and wrapped it in the robes of
legal sanction. to its service. new mercenaries
sought to regiment the people, their labor and
their properties. And as a result the average
titan confronts the problem that faced the
Minuteman. The hours men and women
worked. the wages they received. the
cortditions of their labor ‘— these had passed
beyond tltc control of the people. and were
imposed by the new industrial dictatorship

Roosevelt considered state action necessary
to curb the abuses ot big business. He warned
that big business “thirsting for power.,reached
ottl to control government itself}: Dyson's
.cconontic royalist speech exactly inverts the
meaning originally given to, the phrase by
l DR. Roosevelt was mobilizing his coalition
ot workers. farmers. and small business.
Dysort is building a coalition of big business
arid disgruntled taxpayers.

It would be superficial to overemphasize
political rltctoric jerked out of context by
t orttittissioitcr Dyson to distort Roosevelt's
meaning embedded iit the historical

consciousness at it generation of New Yorkers
who believed iii the New Deal to serve his own
political bias. Roosevelt in I936 thought the
cconoriiic depression was over the ltump. He
iiccdcd scapegoats fora capitalist system that
didn't work. So why not lumbaste big
business. high Iirtartce. the rich in general. the
pltrtocr'ats tilt the top of the heap? Dyson in
I978 is battling snowbelt stagnation with its
dcclirtc itt ntarttttacturing jobs. population
loses. aitd decline itt real incomes. Like
Rooscyclt. Dyson cart claim the state‘s
economy is improving before the recession of
I979 sets in. llealso itecds scapegoats. So this
time a New York Statc politician will save us
lroni tlic inllatiort prone. delicit spending

"bureaucracy rtttt amok." If you put aside

your objections for a moment. at least
Roosevelt was stylish. eloquent. and
charismatic wltilc Dyson is llat. churlish. and
untitspiring. and consider instead the parellels
III the economic conditions and rhetoricttl
solutions. maybe you will agree the ghost of
I'DR has come back to us as Dyson to give one
ntorc try to salvage the system. For those of
you still incredulous recall Marx's remark
about history repeating itself. At first it's
tragedy. Iltcit it becotitcs farce.

()t course we can‘t carry these comparisons
too liir. Newspapers. for example. didn't take
Roosevelt's “economic royalism" speech
kindly. the New York 'I'i'nnut'cditorial writers

 

 

 

 

 

 

Disco Queen

To the Editor:

As a former “discoqucen” I feel that I have
the experience to comment on the discomania
point-counterpoint article of Friday's ASP.
You can‘t beat disco music for dancing; that
penetrating, steady beatsecms to be bot‘ ‘ lb‘
sorbcd once one begins to boogie. But
value ol disco music stops there. There at
great social statements being made by disu
songwriters: rather. sex seems to be their
obsession. Also. one certainly can‘t mellow
out listening to Village People spelling out the
advantages of being a macho man.

Sue Sokol‘s assertion that disco allows "in-
drviduals to regain their uniqueness"could not
be turtlicr from the truth. Disco has become
the basis on which some people base their
lives. their existence become centered around
dtseomaniti. they go to the disco hairdressers
to get their disco hairdos: they visit the disco
shoeshops to buy the most fashionable disco
heel; they buy at the diseoclothing boutique so
that they may wear the latest disco styles. The
ctid result is that all look alike. The women
become painted dolls and the men mustached
ntaclios (with hair blown back to be sure).
that‘s not individuality. that‘s conformity.

Discos are the last place where “attitudes
about sex roles . . . can be tested." The disco
is l/It' place of true blue sexism. The painted
ladies are expected and ttavc accepted that

they will wait out their macho men. The sex.
ism going down can clearly be seen through
the games the sexes play. In the discos. some
are looking for love. others for sex and a small
minority for neither. The games attempt to
match up the appropriate types. liut the rules
of the game are hard to follow and one can
easily misread someone else‘s actions and
wittd up either hurt or iii trouble. These games
merely serve to turn people into plastic
lllllntlcqlllllb.

Discoteques are not the real world and until
1| c disco-dcckers realize such and take disco
that much less seriously. many will be losing
touch with their individuality iii cxcltangctor
a sense of fitlse security.

'I‘criannc l‘ttlconc

Love a Nurse

to the Editor:

Yes. there still is a school of Nursing

No. we do itot work in the calctcria or
patroott room as many people seem to think.
Several times wltitc getting my food in the
catcteria l have heard a shout. “Hey you. is
there any niorejuice‘t“ Feeling Very dismayed
that I could be mistaken for the hpr I
answered. "I do not work here. I'm a nursing
strident.“

Yes. we are the last senior class iii the School
ol Nursing. Durittg our freshman year. they

decided the“ nursing school was too expensive
l,monj; other reasons and phased out the
program. We lobbyed on the podium, march-
ed down to the State Education Building. and
wrote many letters to try and save our school,
but nothing seemed to help. Feeling very upset
by this decision we were worried how we
would ever make it all the way till the end of
our fourth year. It seemed so far off.
lltrough many early mornings ofgetting up
tor clinic. to many late nights of writing papers
and care plans We made it to our senior year.
there are only sixty-four of us fellow students
left. We are working in the community
through the health department and in St.
l’cter's Hospital. We are expanding the
knowledge we have already learned and begin-
ning to plan our future as "nurses."

Maybe someday our school will reopen. but
until then our class will remain a very special
one since we're the last. So next time you see it
may blue uitiforin and a SUNYA name pin.
don't lorget. "LOVE/1 NURSE." .

Monica Hallacy

,. It’s Not That Bad

 Tl) the Editor:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

noted t-DR‘s crude appeal for lower class
support and cautioned a need for class peace.

isnt. . ."
considerable truth in the hard hitting itdtllcss

I'he 'l'r'nier- Union Iinds “there is

he cannot wish that a nation now
sliowmg so many signs of steady and well
lourtdcd gains in manufacture. agriculture.
and btisittess should. even for a time betlirown
ntto contusion itnd uncertainty by a raging
outburst ol radicalism . “

I lie elf/tally Evening News complained, “It
is not tltc kiitd ofspccch we would expect from
our President. It is an appeal to class feeling.
an attempt to make the issue between the rich
and tltc poor and itot at all convincing or
impressive." l‘he sarcastic Albany Times-
t/inni editorial ot July 7, I936. anticipates
similar remarks by John Dyson. It concludes.
"the Arttcrican people now. and for
generations to coitie. litch a Rendezvous With
Dclit piled up by the spendttirifts now iit
poncr."

Dyson‘s “economic royalism" statement\
icccivcd ntorc sympathetic treatment on the
editorial pages. For the Tray 'I'imcs' RL’l‘UI‘tI
"there is no tendency to disagree with Dyson's
claims that New York State has for too long
indulged itt it period of economic royal-

Mottday by State Commerce Commissioner
Dyson. tle said the state is emerging front .1
period ol economic royalism . 

Oddly. ttonc of the papers ntadc a
connection with the original speech by
Roosevelt and the different messages they
convey. At least the established press ltas been
consistent these past forty years iit support
business confidence and lackadaisical about
demanding state action to curb the abuses oi
big business. Perhaps this is because the ptt'ss
is big business.

Hopefully. Commissioner Dyson's remarks
will put the ill advised phrase economic
r'oyalist to rest. “Political language.“ says
tii'wcll."is designed to make lies sound truttttnl
and nturdcr respectable. and give an
appearance of solidin to pure wind. One
cannot change all this irt ii moment, but one
cait itt least change orte‘s habits, arid from llIIlt'
to tiiitc one cart even. if one jcers loudly
cttottgli. send sortie worn out aitd useless
phrase into the dustbin of ltislory where it
belongs." .

 

 

 

 

 

I PLAV HAP?
FAIR.

v\

 

 

 

 

SCREAM EAL?
- AND I'M A

SEQ?
LOSER
AMI? A

ROTTEN
wlklMER.

  
  
 

FEIF‘FER

 

 

 

with) I .PLAW (games
BUF I PLAY

 

‘ 60 I CHEATka AND I

It‘ll Olvn’mm

CHILPQED.

/

. l

exaspr wasp I Pow W

 
 
 

who
DISH

 

o

are ~
,UF‘wggétEWPnuo

APE RUTHLESS,PR3voc4ni/5
CHEST Aw CHE/tr I

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

..,.-..i..~,-. ,. .. ,,.....

... .Mnamaatxseanass.sh... .. ..

«at...» ,... H .. .......

-u.....-s.4 Nat-o...“ juwman (M.

.‘ In starting this letter. let me state that I am
i. neither a disco-hater or someone who spends
their life at the Rafters. However. some
comments must be tnade about Brian
 ktirt/cr's and Sue Sokol's articles on disco.
i Knitter starts off saying that in the
beginning tltere was rock. Let me point out
llllll rock itself was not readily accepted at its
inception. He says that disco is just 'I
coriglonteration of noise in comparisott to
rock music. I'd like to know if he knows

 

anyone t normally ofthc elder generation) who _

listens to WI’A'I' Patterson. NJ and claims
that anything else is just loud noise.

Sokol is also a little bit off iit ltcr appraisal
ol the disco scene. In lter ttrticlc‘it seems that
the only place to get rid of the worries and get
the satire effects as site writes about in her
article.

I do agree with Kurtrer in his opinion that
rock tittisic is not so involved with the
monotonous bass beat of the typical disco-
stylc music. However. tti put down the wltole
genre ol disco music is like the people iii the
I‘llll's who said that rock music was worthless.

Alan Ross

Constructive
Educaﬁon

To the Editor:

tour lrontvpage remark tltat 1500 students
demonstrating for a new gyitt itt Buffalo could
spark tl new student titovetttertt was ironic.
liortic because 10 years ago

 

- at tltc height of

the student movement — students at
Columbia were demonstrating to stop
construction of a gym which would eliminate
low-income housing in Morningside Heights.

SUNY Buffalo students should be
contmended for organizing to cope with the
economic crisis and for protecting their
interests. However. the fact that this is the
issue they cltose to become militant about —
rather than. say. that they are denied voting
rigltts in their college community, the most
basic of rights — may reﬂect the myopia
currently afflicting the student community.

It is important that students act to secure
proper facilities for the University. but they
should remember that the University‘s
primary purpose is to pass on and expand
knowledge necessary for human survival from
gctteration to generation: its first
coritmittment is to society as a whole rather
than to students‘ individual careers.

During the '60‘s Robert Maynard Hutchins,
tltc great educator and head of the Center for
Democratic Studies. chided student leaders
tor havitig little conceptualization of what
they wanted from an education and how it
should be designed. He pointed out to them
that because the university produces man's
most vital evolutionary toolI knowledge, if
one changes the University. one changes
society itself.

lltc accumulated toil and labor of millions
ot slaves arid working people throughout
history ltavc produced the wealth and social
surplus wlticlt has made it possible to release
young adults from production and place them
in tltc University. As suclt. we ltave a debt to
humanity to repay and a responsibility to
protect the future of our children and
generations to cotnc.

Urganircd labor in the U.S.. not the most
radical of groupings. ttas seen ﬁt to protect
botlt its owtt interests arid those of the young
gcitcratiori by calling for free college
cducatiort for all. We should likewise keep a
constant eye toward solving the problems of a
trotrbled world.

l’residetit O‘l.cary. through his involvement
lll tltc local National Alliance of Businessmen.
is otit in frortt of students with regard to
community involvement aitd seeking to
Ill\t)l\’t: the University iii solving the growing
problem of structural unemployment among
youth. minorities. cx-ot'l'endcrs arid vets. The
recent demonstration against SUNY
rn\cslrncttts iit South Africa and Black
Solidarity day sltows there is considerable
scntinicttt amottg students to become involved
III the struggle for social and cconomicjusticc.

\\c could take a ctic from President O'Leary
'and look Ior ways to translate this concern
into concrete and constructive work in the
sltt'tttltlltllllg coiiintiiiiity for tire bettet'it_oftltc
sttL'IL'l)‘ which sustains us.
Andrew Hugos

(iSl’A Public Administration

 

 

Happy Thanksgiving , . -
Well, for those of you who have stayed here at SUNYA long enough
to be able to read this editorial before Thanksgiving, here are a few issues
to ponder. -

Tenure hassles and retrenchment are still haunting SUNYA
administration; we’ve got a Chancellor who is logging as many miles as
Henry Kissinger once did while leaving issues such as athletic funding,
student taxes and divestment hanging; and the‘ football Danes did not go
to the NCAA's. '

However, as the last of the leaves make their way from the trees to the
ground (on Long Island that is, upstate leaves take the plunge several
weeks earlier), there are some things which SUNYA should be thankful
for.

The weather has made it seem like there really is an autumn in this
place; the switch has not been from summer to winter in one day as
usual. The cold winds have been whipping through the tunnels this
week, but they've been taking their time in arriving — as have those
. SU NYA snowstorms. Winter is coming, and no matter how many times
this newspaper comes out with an editorial stand against it, the cold
weather will still make us shiver and send everyone into the Arctic
uniform known as the down jackets. But until this week. overcoats still
hung in the closets and for Albany, that’s good.

Last year, SUNYA was being hit all over at this time. It took student
demonstrations to stamp out the CDTA threat, and lawsuits to
straighten out the housing horrors at the elegant Country Squire. They
discovered that SUNY students had to spend money for a health fee for
no increase in health services, and that former Class of '78 President
would not have to spend time in the slammer for $3000 of student bucks
he “missappropriated” while in ofﬁce. Chemistry's Pthas thrown into
suspended animation as a result of a State EducationDepartment
review, while Psychology experiments Werejust plain suspended after a
State Health Department edict. _ ‘

Things are a bit different this year. The PhD scene is brighter; Polt Set
and Sociology got the SED“thumbs up”, Computer Science is making a

move, and English, History and Chemistry are heading toward the
comback trait. Much of the negative publicity of years past has
dissipated; and the President cats on the quads just like the Acting
President did.
SA hasn‘t had any major ﬂops as of yet (like last yea
Dwellings fiasco) and that‘s a plus.

No, things aren’t perfect, nor will they ever be. But for SUNYA, they
are a helluva lot better than they were a year ago. Happy Thanksgtvmg.

r’s Student:

 

 

    
   
 

AgBANY
D.NT
é ﬁsh’sé
‘l'ttoxiAs Minittttt. l;t/IItI/-III-( luv] 1
MJ. R1I\I\|Dl r. In (il\5I\. llmnrguig I.iliiort
. . . . . . . . . .JILI. Hanan

Mus titrion , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Assor [All rows inrrons
ASI‘H ts toittin . .
V Assot [All Asi-it Is tnt‘ton
Sr-onts tnttott
Assot IAIL srottts tttttotts

. . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . Eomr Bensison
, . . . . . . . . . .SIH‘IIANII; DI-II. VALLr:
, , . , . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . thru SELIGSUN
. . , . , , . . . PAI'I St‘IIWAIt‘IZ. DAVID OSIIIIRN
Zacn Kerstin

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

L:

i (ﬁremiin eats...

 

ROOM
dedicated tn the rate

litith C
< . antennas
‘  “estates 

   

 

 

 

 
 
   

  
  
 

OBVIOUEDLY
PSYCH OSOMATIC.’

  

 

 

IZUIIUMIAI. I'Atilth IDIIUH

start \\ xtltns: Robert Illiiscnstein. JelfL'arone. Janet Ceriti. Marie Cortissor. Gary Douglas.

\likc Duiirtc. Michele Israel. Jell Kennell, Ken Kurtr. .I.M. Reilly. Don Rosst. Aron Smith.

Itctmrali South. David Spiro AP MANAGHIS: Jesse Schercr. Lloyd Levcnbcrg ZODIN“ Ntws:
I train Scltiault rntyitw ruin: Diana ()ruci Ntws ititrtiit QllEIEClls: Matthew (ox

JONATHAN Honors». BlLIfIIl'JJ Manager
DEIIHIE Kore

. . . . . , . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . SUSAN Asst-Lit
BENNY Baown

tevc Goldslein. Jeff levitan. Richie Mcrmelslein. Jody Wilncr cussirtto
" - Mauer COMPOSITION: Amy Soars. Jeanne Ja ‘AD nonunion MANAGER:
Ircrtc Iiirm at) rlunttcnON: Hildy Brand. Julie Greenberg. .II. Kwasrnk. Lll Rozwod.
t.atirii Schranb. Stephanie Sherman orrtu: Lisa Applebaum. Ruth Tenll. Darlene I‘ried

Anvmnstm; MANAGER
BILLING constiumr
PAYlt)l.L MANAGE-

BIMIKKI'LPING

  
   

SALES I‘I’ISUNNLI.

    

"AYDIN antttittt. I’rmlui'tr'on Manager
Linn IItzxr. i'l.\.ttlt'lult' Production Manager

than new LURAINh LllllzttAlttitl:
tatAN KIIRTZIER

Yttititxrtxsisrtx . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ‘ ‘
(iRAI'IIH s r oottmeton . . . . . . . . . . i . . .Ron VAN (JROVhR

i‘isit tie: Salty Anti Ilicchcr. I‘rann Diamond. Laurie Studwell. Tom Wallace wrists: Sally
\nn lticclicr. Dmiiii (.‘ocltrtttt. Robin Goldberg. Cheryl Kaufman. Clara Kueblcr. Marilyn

 

 

\lttskinstll. Donia ()riicr. Ivy I’eltl. Lisa Selkin. Itcib Stone not run: leslie Appclbaum
, Paoorsmml: Dotina Rciehncr

l’notoournv. sup/tiled principally by Univertily Photo Service ' .
cum PIIOTOGIAHIII: Mary Ann Itovnk rtiorocluuus: TonyiTanaroui. Laura Viscosi.
Scott Aretnan. Roanne Kulakoff. Bob leonard. Tanya Ann arvey. Jeff Schncebaum.

Sam ’I'erelli. Howie Jacobs. John Chow. Tue Moon
, ESTABLISHED l9l6
The A Ihuny Studcnl l‘reu is published every 'Ibuday and Friday during the school year by the
Albany Student Press Corporation. an independent Itor-for-anII urganiqutan. Edllorlal
[Io/icy L1 determined fly the b‘dllor-In-Chteﬂ and Lt subject tavrev w by the bdllurlal Hoard.
Mailing Address: Allturiy Student Press-i Washington Ave. Albany. N Y [2222
, - ( a . .

 

 

 

 

 

.w -W%W«-

