 

' Page 2_a

 

   

70“” 8 M TOM ROBINSON BAND &

, “NATIONAL EAMPOON
5"- 7-3" M RADIO HOUR”

s. MON. 8 pan.

“ALBUMS ‘n’ SPAM”

 

“FRONT ROW CENTER”
a. FRANKIE MILLER BAND LIVE!

Top 10 ALBUMS of the Week on

EUNYAim On Bars

ou know that bar series you‘ve

been doing in Aspects?" i

asked. “Why don‘t you do the

Rat?"

The managingeditor laughed.
“Hey. you knowthat SUNYAim on Bars
thing you've been running?” I asked the
editor. “Why don't you review the Rat?"
She giggled

 

Richie Mermelstéin

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
   

 

 

   

 

  
  
   
 
 

 

   

 

 

 

 

Our Own not

   

 

DECEMBER 8, 1978
\

shield your view of Donna Rae and the
[22ers playing center stage. You may (“I
as if the time wasted waiting at 22".: bdrior
your drink would have passed dun-1.3”“
that marathon 2:l0 accounting Ciiss.bu1
there'san explanation for that to? Justus
New York City kept pouring more my
more money into the magmdcd
renovation of the old part, mg
continually alters the set-up rend the
bar. but still cannot find a at friable
layout for the bartenders .
shelling out SIZO million Iv: up;

 

 

 
 

  
   
   

  
 
    

  
 
       

 

 

 

 
 
     
 

 

   
 
  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ii
Lndaunted.lpursued myidea.Cmon revamping oi Yankee St ‘ ~- '
c . . add... \L-u
I The   IN  it's not such an absurbthought. lt'sabar. York could have followed Kant... (m3
( lhc) serve drinks. there's live music. it's example and burlt a new park. 7» - 1 min”,
( _- claustraphobic. . . halt that amount; bf: the sat: My
' 1 Let's look at the other bar reviews. L AS ripped apartthe old ha. And
' Hoeart'sinduces “lirstrate sexfantaSIes." built a new one Wars .12  ~ ~
_ 1". \i . .1l.lL
TO  the members Of Speakers Forum, ‘ Partridge Pubis"an uncrowded place to would llow smoot er
I )Llsl sit and have adrtnk."Justin McNeil's l he situation hits in”.an
! ls a "small. mellow retreat." Sutter's has year. with the arrival
i "rumbo sized trench fry orders." the bartenders ilast vear's gr
I Gemini has “tasti omelettes “ and so “ i
I 1 , on uncanny ability or appearii‘.
Nothing COUid have been ROSSlbie \ll I needed. I figured. was to find a busy even though no on .
catch). adjective that would convrnce servedmndthestudent‘sinct:.t~.:;..~;.\i
them of the Rat‘s worthiness. "The Rat."l the auxiliary bar in back. i
. ‘\pidln¢d. “is, um. well — " —\ sli ht lh‘re ar th ‘ ' ‘ '
wnhout 0U U . e ._ . g s. e 0 er 30ft: )POh ‘i .. wni
y 9 VS it was a great semester. YOU anse. \‘Ii'ii. tor over 7000 kids. the Rat have to be a connotsseur to ' that
I) convenient." Sold. plastic receptacles hardly : "
Perhaps you can't rate the Rat on the taste of a mixed drink. Also. cur.
have an or  A ,amc conunmm used {or 9mg 'bars, the volume of beer sold. it would
Q ation YOU can be proud Of. .Maybe the way to approach it LS on its to have a bathroom nearby. 
own terms. For instance, putting aside managers of the Rat can not h- if
i‘fldd) and saturday nights for now. the tor the repeated sabatoges und:r- 2-.- hi
Pete Rat ably seryes its purpose. Ona Tuesday the basement men‘s room.
.‘tlternoon. tollowing your interminable >till.forthethousands ot'st:;.':'- xiii-i
_ 10-3 15 accounting class sit down at li ‘4 ’
. i: on composuhe Rat Ls witr... :
   next year one or the elevated tables with a beer. or distance. lo accommodate this
an egg cream. readthe ASP.and relaxfor moi-i. the Rat is. thanktutii.
— ‘9“ a mo minutes \\ atchthe sights stroll by. ideal locations are at a pier
i\ou cant help but notice that the should you luck into one. 2 'ilil
latziiospher: issoothing.andinsomeways )tltlfu‘ii dune comforablc. '
itherapeutic lhen you can head towards \nnmu; pig, l, m: 34,:  1‘ ii
Hour studies. a game of racquetball. or a mod you my; J! Wu Ling. 
'~<'\.~.Ut‘ with the Blues Brothers. numbers. the ‘ho'cl‘ .
i whim}. though. the Rat’s going to .irtualli .iii bars. and '
‘r ‘vidild tne cringent weekend night utialiti. ml! 5.: 31,1“: : ~
_[.;:; fad: w1;. prooaoli come up short. tfli;\pC!‘L\,l'-: prices 3? ’. 
,rt .1... however. extenuating aiorktneinth: can!"
,i";a:tt»:ance\. Because or its )l:
tin 4r: aucrdgl.’ i‘rida). night. the Rat which you are unable to y: ~‘
to. r in :itor: "n  twenty kegs 0! beer band. which is otten a hie-“f; . iii-ti
1.'iR:: the: that last dorm part}. nooks .i handiu: ot' _ J
3.0L: org-any“: and ordered two kegs for, :itodicum \‘f average 5a 2'
d 7 and :nccc u. )v'ldfltigli'lt Litter part ot’ihe {no man} .twtui 0111s '-
I   I     7  ‘ccund lug oLr suitemates‘iOnthe aziiproiemcnt has been ".e 
ccttng bar will only go with the past month' mi
. ekeis. i‘ntR . x , . ..
an x I, I i U . I ’ V _ I s at ts. intportantty. .i .. .. n» -“
5 Per cinema vii/inewrjorgei.’ . nas man) ol the same begin 0r :nd your ' 
.i s 171.1: the old Yankee Stadium \‘ooie all else. it". :e. "
Brought to you by  ‘ilH: noticeably are the convenient \nd “
I r I :i: pi.;.i:s, which used to {c.i‘todd‘cr «r .i "He' ’ "
mimetic-attache "i- 1- ' ‘ . i h A
m usctmcn E r V. '13:“ ot Horace Llark's i.i~t:r. l'x: slif'c you". “
 :rr. -, paying second base. and will >1
Rx“ ; *
SOPHOM !
 {
Applicattons
for the Lndergraduate m'dJor in
SOCIAL WELFARE '
i
.~ i
are dV atrsbte m Mohawk low er Rm. hues   7 ~ ‘
.i v i ii ' i
1 i I 
' l 1 I! ‘ : I  'A .
. Amputation timdlim -~ ‘ '3 Li f '
l 1“Fii‘lk‘i’LLil .Jht‘t‘t‘t “ '  N -
ail  i i '*““:V’” 5*! ‘ ‘ the m ~» . ‘
L -w t ‘5 , Te lbzu‘fju‘w v iconvoo..eniborlor uptown “,4,de 15;. -; ,~ . . .
H  -.  _..1 ~ a “hag “WChon 9’" “70¢ rpbotc Dina " 1;. ‘ 1|
.....___ _ —-v—v~- - .. .._....... ' ....._. . .. .v—m ‘

 

 

 

DECEMBER 8; 1978

"‘A wise man's heart is at his right hand:
Bu! a fool's hear! is a! his left." ' ‘
(Euler, X:2)

Sin-is-ler adj. l. archaic: unfavordble.
unlucky 2. archaic, fraudulent 3.
singular] y evil or productive of evil 4. oﬁ
rcluling to, or situated to the left or on (he
left. sidc of something (Webster's New
Collegiate Dictionary)

tnin‘t easy being it member of
the “sinister set.“ From
proverbs to appliances. the
world throughout history has
placed left-handed people
“out in left field."

[be celebrated nineteenth century
criminologist. Cesare Lombroso claimed
lcl't-handcdncss was “a stigma of
degeneration," but for most lefty SUNYA
students, it‘s just an added annoyance.

Edith Berelson

“Most desks are made for rightiesﬁn
ilittt the writing tablet part is connected to
ilic right side of the desk] and they‘re
uncomfortable to use because you have
no pliicc lo loan your arm. ln thc lccturc
ccntcrs with long lllhiL‘h’ and when you're
eating in ilic ctifctcriti you‘re always
bumping clbows.“ said southpaw Kathy
“(it)”.

According to liob Standish of the
purchasing ilcptirtmcnt, “most of those
inbch lll'lllCililll‘S wcrc ordcrcd five to ten
ycaii's ago." llici'c lll‘t.‘ ll lcw lcl‘t-liiindcd
cliiiii's btit lic snitl it would bc difficult to
determine how many. lt is up to the
individual department chair to
requisition desks rind ltc illlS not rcccivcd
any spccitil rcqiiisitions.

Ccrtiiin gym cltisscs prcscnt problems
lor tliosc tlitit l'tivor lltcir left hand iii
sports. lltis I‘Cpul'lcl' found it extremely
disconcerting when learning to scrvc in
tennis to liiid licrscll' ttirncd facing the
Will] ()i the gym wliilc the rest ol'thc cliiss
lnccd tltc windows.

l.cll—littntlctl ciil'ctcritt workbrs also
illlVL‘ their troubles. “It‘s much easier fora

 

 

..» .4....»'~>’—‘

.-. -. gnu units- N13 .- .a h- "gunner.-

right-handed person to work the serving
lines because everything is set up so that
you use your right hand," said Debbie, a
SUNYA server. “The scoopcrs are the
worst ~ you‘re forced to scoop with your
right hand [because the scoopers are
made for righties.]

In addition to these speciﬁc hardships,
southpaws experience many day-to—day
minor inconwenienccs. Most appliances
and devices are constructed with the idea
that they will be operated with the right
hand. Common lefty complaints range
from problems in using scissors and can
openers to spiral notebooks that open
from the right. Dials and knobs on such
devices as televisions, radios, telephones,
and doorknobs almost always turn to the
right. And. as one SUNYA lefty noted,
cvcn prints zippers are constructed with
the llup sewn on the left side so that they
must be zipped with the right hand.

It is for reasons of necessity that lefties
lcttrn to do many things with right hands.
"'l’hc rcuson l throw righty is probably
bcciiusc there was a righty glove in the
house,“ said Scott Benjamin. .1 partially
lcl't-htindcd person.

Lcl'tics have been it vcrbttlly maligned
minority from tincicnt times. “Right” hits
connotcd “good and correct" while "lcl't‘"
has symboli/cd cvil since the days of
classical (lrcccc. Jack Finclierin his book
.S'imlrlt'r l’mplc quotes Pythagoras its
recommending his students “cntcr holy
pliiccs by the right, which is . . . dcvinc,
and leave them by the left, the symbol of

. dissolution."

llic Bible continues the right-good,
lclt-htid symbolism. (Sec the opening
quote) “it: book of Mathch (XXV: 32-
3.1) says, “and he shall sci ilic'shccp on his
right blind, but the goals ontltclcl't. Then

‘Silllii the King siiy into them on his right
hand, Conic. yc blessed of my Father.
iiilicrit the Kingdom . . . “

lliis symbolism has been carried over

to religious art. Mttsicrpicccs by such
tiriisis its Riiplizicl. Frzt Angclicttzind cvcn
M iclicltingclo, who was purported to have
bccn lclty. dipictcdtlic road to heaven as
bcing pointed out by the right litind, tind

u 'milul‘uxr

 

 

Left On: I! Tribute Tol'The Lefty'.’

that of hell by the left. .
Anti-sinistrial biases are inbred in our
language through cliches. No one wants
to have two left feet. get a left-handed
complement or be told that his or her
ideas are out in left field.
Misconceptions have occured through
attempts to understand physical make-up
of and reasons for Sinistrality. Since the
language centers in the brain for most
righties are located in thc left hemisphere

  
  

Morris Eson says, “It's even incorrect to
call a person left-handed or right-handed.
We're really all two-sided with one side
being dominant in some cases.“

Eson called a pure genetic explanation
of handedness \“a copout.” “Left-
hundedness isn‘t a biological condition," ‘
he said, “it's a functional condition.” He
said that it's rare for a person to be very
heavily right-handed or left-handed. Both
sides work together. “One side leads while _

of their brains. the assumption was made the other 51; cm," he’said.‘ .
“IO-0nth

Even pants zippersiare constructed. . . so
that they must be zipped with the right hand.

m

that a lcl'ty‘s brain must be reversed with
the language center in the right side.
However, according to “Psychology
l‘oday" (March 1976) 40 to 60 percent or
so use either their right side or both.
Having a less speciﬁcally located
language center has its advantages.
Rccupcrntion of , language skill from
blows to the head is often quicker because
ll different area of the brain is able to
control that function.

But Whill is it that makes a person 1ch-
litindcd'.’ There is considerable debate on
the subject among psychologists its to
whether the cause is gcnctic or
cnvironmcntal.

Former SU N YA psychology professor
Robcrt Ii. llicks. in it study with Mitrch
Kinsbotii'iic ol'thc Universityof'l‘oronlt),
compiircd lltc liitndcdncss of collcgc
sludciils with those of their biological or
their stcp purcnls. ‘l'ltcir conclusions were

printed in the “Journal of Motor
licliiivior":
“'l‘licrc is evidence for a genetic

component in the genesis of
hiindcdiicss. . . There is little evidence
in support of ti learning-modeling
hypothesis for littndcdncss.“

Oilicrs fch that handcdncss is at lctist
partially due to .cnvironmcntttl factors.
llicrcl'orc, thcrc couldn‘t be it causal
conncclion hctwccn lcl'l-httndcdncss rind
brain trtiumtt. Psychology professor

4 m

Eson feels that people become left~-
blinded for different reasons, and he cited '
ti family with two left-handed children
,an example. He said that the elder
child was left-handed quite possibly
bccuusc of genetic reasons, but he feels
the younger was probably left-handed
because of environmental factors, “I
suspect the younger one modeled his
behavior after the older one.“

For whatever the reason. an estimated
Ill-20 pcrccnt olTlhc population persists in
iii icllSl writing with their left hands. if
you urc one of them, you tirc in good _
company. Some past and present left-
liiindcd luminaries are: Leonardo da
Vinci, Alexander the Great, Judy
(illl‘illlld, Babe Ruth, Charlic Chaplin,
lliirpo Miirx. ’iiul McCartney. Pablo
Picasso, lzdwnrd R. Murrow, Raphael,
Robert Redford. Cole Porter, F. Lee

lluilcy, tind King George Vl. Actually.
Jack the Ripper and the Boston Strangler ‘
were also both southpaws, but even lefties
iIH ti group aren‘t perfect. '

  
 
   
  
  
 
  
  
    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

