  

 
 
 
 

 

Iv...-

.....‘.~t.......,,...f ".  ,

  
 

.. ma"...

6‘. “Mt- .Mv... .

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

colufmns

 

 

 

 

Noodle Mania

by Steven beset

The following is an interview with Ronald
Zonian, world famous composer of pasta.
Zonian. who astounded the world with his
wonderfully surrealistic “elbow macaront"
and his famous "spaghellt' trilogy", winner of
the [972 Pulitzer Pasta Prize. has just been
commissioned by UA S to create a new noodle
to be used exclusively by the ailing Food
Service. The A SP was granted exclusive rights
to lhis rare interview providing that Zonlan, a
very sensitive man. would edit the text. '
SB: Mr. Zonian. could you please tell us about
your earlygimpressionistic years before your
famous self-imposed exile?
RZ:Well Steve. the trend in Pasta was vastly
overshadowed by public apathy towards the
California School of pasta composition.
Many of us were forced to reconsider our
professions. One of the most vivid and moving
moments was when_ Ed Stone. who was
studying with Mueller.painfully conﬁded his
intention to get into concrete composition. it
was similar incidents and the general state of
the ans that led mé to my retreat. l felt the
need to examine my reasons and goals of
composition.
SB: At what point did the foundations for
the “Elbow Macaroni" begin?
RZ: Well Steve. it was a little overtwo years
after my retreat that the conceptualization ofa
hollow noodle came to me. A few weeks later,
the primitive versions were realized and
previewed to some close friends in the ﬁeld.
l'hey were quite overwhelmed to be truthful.
but I wasn‘t satisfied with it. It wasn't until a
month later that I decided to put in a very
subtle curvature in it. Little did 1 realize the
impact it would have on western food.

‘ expecially whenKraft bought the rightsto use

it in a collage piece with their cheddar cheese.
Burl was felt unsatisfied with my work. At the
height of my depressed'stute. 1 received a
commission [ruin a little known company
called Ron/oni . . .

SB: And out of that came your brilliant work.
“Spaghetti 1rilogy" . . .

RZ: Yes. Steve. 1 had been working feverishly
on many idem to maximize the functionality
of the noodle. like having grooves. It then
occurred to me to modify the existing version
of "Spaghetti." First 1 refined the principle
theme. making it smoother. rounder. and ofa
more conventional length. 1 found
compositional length to be a major public
concern. I decided that public awareness and
participation could conceivably be increased
by varying the thickness of the pasta. So. I
made No. 10. 9. and ii: Spaghetti. Thin
Spaghetti. and Vermicelli. the latter named

after my wife.l must admitl was not prepared
for its international success. Overnight I went
from just another avant—garde composer to a
cult-ﬁgure of sorts.

SB: Ah. yes, You see. they feel that they have
locked themselves onto a very strict and
predictable repitoire. You know. spaghetti on
Monday, then manicotti and lasagna on
Wednesday. and finally manicotti. ziti. and
the inevitable rigatoni on Saturday. They are
beginning to get concerned about the
increasing complaints ofthe students. who are
normally apathetic to the point of death. They
:leverly ﬁgure that if the students see a new
and different noodle, maybe their anger will be
changed into euphoric excitement that will
conceal the inadequacy ofthe meal itself. This
is quite a difﬁcult task. but l do have a few
seminal ideas at this time.

SB: l‘m wondering ifyou‘d break your normal
silence about your works in progress and
reveal to our readers some of your ideas.
RZ: In this case. Steve. I think it would be
useful to speak publicly about this. lnitially.l
think UAS should alter its pasta schedule.
Why spaghetti only on Monday‘land Rigatoni
on Saturday? Besides this. lam working from
two separate ideas to appeal to the student
body as a whole. One idea is to create a series
of noodles depicting various buildings on
campus. appealing to the primitive associative
principles of the college student. A variation
of this is to print noodles with various music
personalities. although. with music so diverse
these days. it would be hard to create a
reprcsentativc cross-section of musicians. The
other idea. which 1 personally favor. is to
appeal to the student's spiritual interests. At
lirst. 1 thought of using planets or possibly
mythological figures. But they now seem to be
too common. and representative of the quasi-
spiritual trip so many peop1c are on. So. I am
devoting most of tny energies towards the
realization of "'l‘ttrot“ noodles. Speciﬁcally.
I‘d be working with the Major Arcana. the
portion that concerns itself with passage of
1111:, With twenty-two different noodles.
interest in the food. which UAS is so
desperately striving for. would be liept at a
peak level. And possibly the discussion ofthe
food would become intellectual and positive
rather than being so negatively redundant.
SB: Well. my time is almost up. and so is the
splice iii this column. 0n hehalfofthc students
at Albany. I‘d like to thank you for this
enlightening. but ultimately forgettable
interview. l'm sure all willagree that your hard
word will result in their good fortune. You're
to be commended lorling trend of UAS.

 

 

 

 

 

 

Fulton Frat

To the Editor: ' _
Once again the ASth shown its ineptncsss

by failing 'to properly research .an article
printed in the Sept. 15 issue. lnthatissuethere
was an article which stated that a local
SUNYA fraternity had recently affiliated with
a nationally based fraternity. The article went
on to state that this fraternity was therefore
the first nationally based . fraternity
campus in many years.1nfaclthis ojustplatn
wrong! Alpha Epsilon Phi. although newto
SUNYA. is a nationally based fraternity.
AEl’i was recognized by the Student Affairs
Committee on April 5. 1978. making ilthe ﬁrst
nationally based fraternity at SUNYA since
1953.
AEl’l is located on State Quad in Fulton
llall. Anyone interested in real fraternitylife is
cordially invited to stop by anytime.

The Brothers of Alpha Epsilon Pi

Illegal Contribution

To the Editor:

On Sept. 14. [978. an incident occurred
which was a travesty ot the civil and political
system of SUNYA. A party was being held on
State quad during which a candidate for
Central Council. David Nolc was seated in
front of ti cash box tit the other end of the
dorm from where the party was being held.
Iliis was unknown to the people who were
throwing the party. When some of the people
arriving ill the party asked why there was an
admission charge at an advertised free part y.
the pcrsons holding the party called campus

 

 

Security who immediately and efﬁcient
ended the "box ofﬁce activities." Tth
activities are illegal as I understand becausca
solicitation permit is required to charge
admission to parties. By charging admission.a
terrible wrong was done to the pcopl:
mending the patty. and also to those penplc
who threw the party. The conclusion thatl
drew is that this is how politicians get lhcir
start.

 

    
     
   
  
   
 
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
    
   
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
   
  
   
   
  
 
  
 
 
  
  

Name wttheld by request
Buses for All

To the Editor
1 am writing this letter to intorni you that
the 1100+ members of the Alumni Qinitl.thc
downtown housing area in case you lorgoLLttc
mad as hell about the bus situation. 'l'hctcis no
reason on earth why someone \sho goes mu
for an 8:10 class should hc late if he goes nuttu
early as 7:30! But this has happened on millll
occasions to many students. [he \tlut’tlttinh
ridiculous! lfthc uptown residents of SUNYA
gel to class on time. there is no reason win it.-
should be penalized just became \l‘C-ihc
downtown. It isthc Uni\'t.'rhll\\tcsptiltslhtill)‘
to supply adequate transportation. expectant
bciorc morning Ciusscs \iuui times,
scheduled busesjust do not silo“ up lllldlilt'
ones that do are usuall) so tutl lil.illi1L'itll\
goes right by. Something inth he titlllL‘ unit!
We cannot afford to wait I01 iiit"t1'\ti1il.'dhii\
committees to be cslilhihilcti i1t‘t.ili\L‘|1\llii
take too long. We hate in he 111ti.t~\.llhili
u.m.. not in 2 weeks. \\'e “not .ntinn nnu'
Steien ('ohcn, \hlcn iltilh

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    

 

  
    
     
      
       
       
    

171x175 WHILE/"4‘ ‘mﬂ

     
    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

THE midi-055m OF
f§|%gi)seiytii€mm
raise ‘75

 

 

WFEIFFER

 

   

   

DOUBTL596
FDR

mmngtAt/Ess
11535, SH
LA We .7

WJT TM THEY

COME AFTEKYDO

FOR BREAKitb
A ENE

    
   
  
      
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The
ﬂcodemic Good Life

soc centerfold

Hall St Oates:
Live Time at: Siono

no page 30

 

Feeling at Home in
:Fronk's Living'ﬂoom

no page In

The New Weekly
Trivia Game

no page So
Record 4 Reviews:
Heart:
Loo Sayer
Every Beer
Tolls a Story

no page To

 

 

