  
 
   
    
   
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
    
   
  
  
  
   
  
 
   
     
      
     
   
 
   
  
  
   
    
   
       

 

   
    
   
   
   
    
  
  
    
          
   
      

 

 

 

 

 
 

  
  
 
 

(

 

Iran Government is Bolstered

TEHRAN. IRANIAP) Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi
appeared yesterday to have weathered the threat to his 37-
_vear reign caused by weeks of anti-government
demonstrations and a crippling strike aimed at cutting Iran's
lifeblood. its ﬂow of oil. Tehran remained calm Monday
under the watch of heavily armed troops in key districts of
the city and a strictly enforced dusk-to-dawn curfew. Most
shops and businesses were open and government agencies/
and public utilities operated normally. Foreign workers and
army personnel have taken over the oil ﬁeldsunder the watch
of several thousand troops armed with tanks and machine
guns. Production has been brought up from alow of950.000
barrels a day to 2.7 million. state oil industry officials said.
Normal production before the 37.000 Iranian oil workers
walked off the job Oct. 3i to demand higher pay and tojoin
the anti-government movement was 6 million barrels a day.
the position of the military government also was bolstered
by the failu're ol'a one-day general strike called in Tehran by
the popular Moslem leader. Ayatollah Khomaini. in exile in
Paris.

Americans Threatened in Iran

AHWAZ. IRAN (AP) Scores of Americans working here in
the southern oillields oi Iran have been the targets of
aronyrnous threats that they will be killed unless they leave
Iran belore Dec. l. Since the threats began two weeks ago.
about 250 US. nationals. mainly women and children, have
lled this dusty desert town on the northern edge of the
Persian (iull. Ihis' vast oil belt is the key to the economy of
Iran. the world‘s second largest oil exporting nation. But
most Americans randomly interviewed said they plan to
ignore lltc threats. which have come on the coattails of the

 

r bloody anti-government rioting and political turmoil that

has swept Iran lor the last l0 months and taken an estimated
l.l0ti human lives. Some said they were nervous. and few of
those interviewed would allow their names to be used. I

World Oil Prices to Increase

WASHINGTON AP) Il'rc Carter administration is braced
tor an increase rti world oil prices ol at least 5 percent. and
maybe It) percent. which would raise the price of gasoline

‘ Wiﬁrld news briefs .
rand home heating oil. Van Doorn Ooms. an assistantIPeace   Break

man they said was wanted for questioning

director of the Office of Management and Budget, said
yesterday the administration has assumedin its budget and
economic forecasts for next year that there will be an increase
of at least 5 percent. But he told reporters that “people are
now talking about 10 percent as being more likely." Treasury
Secretary W. Michael Blumenthal will travel to the Middle
East later this week to confer with leaders ofthe major Oll-
producing nations of Saudi Arabia. Iran. Kuwait and Abu
,Dhabi. Blumcnthal‘s trip comes just a-few weeks before
members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting
.Countrics meet in Abu Dhabi in mid-December to set oil
prices tor next year.

Chip Carter and ‘Wife Split

WASHINGTON (AP) After ﬁve years of marriage
President Carter‘s son Chip and his wife Caron have
separated, the White House said yesterday. No one is saying
whether they intend to be divorced. Caron Carter. a dark-
haired beauty. and her 20<month~old son James Earl IV
moved out of the White House Sunday and returned to
tieorgia. Chip. 28. will continue living at the Executive
Mansion and Working for the Democratic National
Committee. Alter months of rumors about marital

drlticultics, the separation was announced in a lerselBerkowitz is   

statement Monday by Rosalynn Carter's press secretary.
Mary Hoyt. “I don't know ifit's divorce or legal separation or‘
what." Mrs. Hoyt said when asked for details. “I asked Chip
ir lot ol questions and hesaid.‘Ju5l go withthat statement."‘

More Skid Row Stabbings

[.05 ANGELES (AP) The bodies of the seventh and eigth
Skid Row stabbing victims within three weeks were found
\lecl'du)‘ and police circulated a drawing of a pigeon-iced

It is the second time in four years that the Skid Row area
ias been stalked by a killer. In the winter of I974-75 nine men

treic killed in the "Skid Row Slasher" murders.

(it rm \‘aughn (irecnvvood was convicted in I977 of eight
it the "Slasher" killings and is servinga life prison sentence.
lit the latest tvvo stabbings. Police Lt. Dan Cooke said the
rod} oi Augustine E. Luna. 49. was foundin an alley. and the

body ol I'rank i‘. Reed. 36. was found in the rear parkinglot
or ii bar. .

(All, By telephone and in meetings on two continents,
President Carter and his diplomats sought yesterday lo head
oil it breakdown in the Egyptian-Israeli peace talks. Egym‘s
Anwar Sadat reportedly considered but then dropped the
idea of calling his negotiators home from Washington.
Egyptian Prime Minister Mustapha Khalil said. however.
that the talks were going “not badly.” Prime Ming.“
Menachcm Begin. meanwhile. arrived back in Israel alter ll
U.S.-Canadian tour and said his government would be
reviewing American and Egyptian proposals for resolving
the central dispute in the negotiations — whethcrand hoer
link an Egyptian-Israeli treaty toasolution ofthe Palestinian
issue. In Egypt. President Sadat and his advisers met In the
Sue! Canal city of lsmailia and a top Egyptian source who
asked not to be identified said there was “bad news“ and the
recall ofthe delegation from Washington was“possiblc." Ilut
Lgyptian Prime Minister Khalil later denied Cairo was
summoning its negotiators home. though ofﬁcial Cairo radio
said one member ol the team. acting Foreign Minister Butros
tilrrilr. Would return to Cairo tomorrow for consultations.

 

ATTICA, N.Y. (AP) The grim maximum-security state
prison here received on of its most notorious prisoners in
recent years yesterday as convicted “Son of Sam“ killer
David Berkowrtz was transferred without incident irom 1t
state mental facility near Utlca. The former Yonkers prrslttl
worker, who confessed to six murders and seven wouitdrngt
in a year-long spree that terrorized New York Cll}. will be
kept in a separate “reception building" to keep him out ol the
general prison population. authorities said. The rcccprrorr
building. situated on the outside corner ofthe prison‘s square
interior ccllblock system. is still within the prison's mtrrn
walls. But because most inmates only pass throuin the
building. according to Attica Superintendent Harold J,
Smith. Berkowitz will be “more or less isolated from the
other inmates." Smith said Berkowitz was processed and sent
to the reception center. which has separate dining and
recreational lacilitics and where he will be given llic
opportunity to enroll in the prison system‘s educational

programs from his single-man cell. J

 

 

   

What seems like it weekend Wellington bus leavingearly ntin
really be an Alumni bus departing on time. (Photo: UPS)

Bus Mystery Solved

Attention bus riders: It seems that some people have been
thiitking that Wellington buses on the weekend are leaving it
hit earlier than scheduled. Not so says the SUNYA Bus
Committee. in addition to the two Wellington buses which
rriri weekends and which are listed on the printed btrs
schedule. tlterc is a third Alttinni quad bus which does not
have its departures rind arrivals listed on the schedule. Ergo.
what yoti might have thought was a Welliirgtoii bus leaving
early may actually be tiic Alumni bus leaving on time. The
Alumni weekend bus schedule is as follows:

e

 

 

Leave (Tircle: Leave Alumni:

 

     

Also. nirtc that students on the bus committee have
instituted a change iii the Wellington weekday buses which
will takecticct alter lhanksgiving vacation. The Wellington
buses vvrll no longer stop at Partridge St. between 2:00 pm.
.irid 0.00 pm; the lirst stop oit these runs will be Draper Hall.

— Jill Haber

SUNYA’s Mideast Talk

llre International Students Association is sponsoring a
panel discussion bit the mid-cast peace accords tonight at
kill) pm. in the Assembly Hall. Professors Abdo Baaklini
and Alviir Mngid will discuss the Camp David Summit talks
and their cilccts. A 45 ritintitc discussion will be followed by
approxrmately 45 minutes of questions and answers.
ilaaklmi and Mtrgid are well versed in the topic ofthe mid-
casl corrllrct. having studied the area extensively.

— Jill Haber

Locating The Problem

As part of SA's plan tti review the Financial Aid office.
students may be asked to fill out an eight page stirvey. The
survey is aimed at pinpointing trouble spots iit students"
dealings with the financial rtids office. According to review
lltlrlltl member lilo Martinez. this way the borird cart
concentrate on the areas which students name most often as a
source of problems. The surveys will be available on tltequud
dinner litres this week and next week. arr well ttsat tables in thc
Crrritpus' Center. Ilrc SA survey was formulated by
combining twri other ipicstronrrircs. one front the National
Student Association. Since the surveys are long. they may be
filled out in a spare moment and returned to either the SA
ollice. the Campus Center tables. or rcprcrrcritrrlrves on the
tlirrrterlincs.

— .Iill Hither

llircctot ol l'inrinciltl Altlti Donald Whillock has
rmnounccti that additional funding will be available in the
Nitttorirtl lhrect Student Loan and College Work Study

 

Lounya news briefs),

Programs for the spring semester. Applications “Ill be
available in teh Office of Financial Aids and must bel
completed and returned no later than Thursday. Not. 10 l
Because (if the lack of available processing time CXIL‘IlslrIlis‘
cannot be granted beyond the Nov. 30 ﬁling date. .‘
Students may request adjustments in current I97H-l9“ll
litiancial aids packages by making an appointment \\llll
I‘inancial Aids before Nov. 30. Those students who Itppllt‘tl‘
late. who were denied due to lack of ftinds. who were urrtrhlc“
to lind summer jobs. etc. may request consideration it lltcyl
are still short ol funds for the spring semester. ‘
— ('Ilurlcs llcll‘

Prehistoric Albany 

ll several students iii Professor Richard (iootlinan's
Advertising Management and Strategy class in the School rill
Business have their wa '. a herd of tremendoUs ditrosarrrsj
might be placed on the South Mall in Downtown Albany.

Serving as representatives of the studio in Hudson. New 
York who produced tire trimous Sinclair dinosaur drspla} at.
tlte World's Fair of‘t‘r-i. they hope that blitzingthc mcdrn and}
ptiblic relations groups will help get a bill for allocation oil
ltrrids. lltc class figures the cost at $200,000 for seven to it‘ll
dinos.

"In line with the mall's theme. “Man and Nature". this do-
play would attract huge crowds. be of educational \.ilric..
ttistitctic appeal and economic worth to the city." said one oil
lllt: students. The group announced its intentions to get tlrcl
herd oit television news last night. I

 

 

— Darlene Prlt'tll

  

 

This fine specimen of I stegosaurns may someday tread the
downtown Rockefeller Mail It I SUNYA class hits Its an,»

 

\

 

 

 

[:58 p.m. 2:|5 pm.  
2:35 p.m. 2:55 pm. 
1:15pm. 3:35 pm.
4:45 pm. . 5:05 pm.
5.25 pm. 5:40 pm.
L
PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

NOVIIBER 14. 1973

  
 

' Security Patrol'Up To O’Learyf -

. by Steve Oster

and Michele Israel

The decision of whether or not to
reactivate the Student Escort Patrol
(SI'EI’) ultilmately will be in the
hands ofSUNYA President Vincent
O‘Lcary. according to STEP
Reactivation Committee Co-Chairs
Fred Brewington and Douglas
Freedman.

I'reedmtrn said that the University
Council has reviewed a formal STEP
proposal and has charged ()‘lcary
with the responsibility of final

evaluation and action. The president

said that he has forwarded the
proposal to Vice- President for
Business and Finance John
llrrr'tigan. asking tha he “instruct
I-r'cedman and Brewington to revise
the proposal intoa formal budgetary
proposal."

As of last night Brewington said
that he has not yet received
communication from Hartigan.
"Naturally I'm in favor oi‘an escort
sci vice." (Henry said. “But I am in
Iavor of many things which would

Union Funding Held Up
By Administrative Ofﬁce

Iiy ('Itarles Bell '

.\ Sl.00(l appropriation by
t crrtral t‘ouncrl ior the Albany
Student Union Is in limbo. according
to Central Council Parliamentarian
\lrir‘k lloi'kovvski.

Ihe appropriation. said
Ilorkowski. nccds approval by the
Office til Student Life before the
money can be used. and Student
l mini member Brtrcc Cronin said
rlrrrl the ridministrrrtion‘s refusal to
sign the appropriations hill is an
attack on the llrrion itsell.

Ilie appropriation was made last
riiorrtlr by the Central Council as an
agency riccouril instead of the usual
strident association account.

llor kowskr explained that because
llll agency account does not include
rrcrin/ctl linc appropriations. the
gr orrp cannot be held strictly
accotiritahlc to the Student
\ssocrritiori for their expenditures.

"We didn‘t want the Student
Irrrron to be prirt of the Student
Association." said Borkowski. “and
the best way to give it autonomy was
to make the expenditure in tire loritr
iii an agency account. thereby
orrtsrdc ol SA control."

Strident University Activities
llrrcctor .lamcs l)ocllclcld said that
lie cariirot approve the appropriation
licc.rrrsc"it does riotconiorirr to the

Board ol lrttstccs BUIdCIlnCS."

liocllclcld said that any money
used from tltc mandatory student
activity fee must be used for
purposes sci out by the Board of
trustees. llc said that the
evpentlrlurcs til Student Association
Irrrrtled groups must conform to
categories such as recreational
activities. ciilttrrnl programs and
social events.

"We would be unable to review the
cspcritlrlurc til the group if the
money is in an rrgcncyrtccount.“said
lioellcleld. “therefore I cannot
ccr‘tily that kind til legislation."

Cronin said that the Board of
lr'ustce‘s guidelines “have been
Ircoucntly circumvented" and that
the administration is trying to
rmdcr'cul lltc union.

“lliey'rc only making a stink
about this because it involves the
union." said Cronin. He said that the
union‘s potential "threat" to the
administration is prompting the
()lllcc oi Sttidcnt Life to frustrate
the passage of the appropriation.

l)ocllcfcld claims that the issue “is
not whether to fund Student Union
or not. btrt to make sure that all
individual expenditures cart be
reviewed for conformity with tltc

Board ol lrustecs‘ policies."
crrrrtrrrticd on page live»

 

 

benefit ' the
urtivcrsity...Unfortunately we do not
Iravc unlimited funds aVuilable and
each proposal must be weighed on its
merits."

O‘Lcary said that the main
obstacle in S'I'EP‘s path is budgetary
restraints. The two working options
at this point. according to
I~rcedmun. are it stipend system,
which would cost approximately
S4500 per semester if 30 students
participate: and a minimum wage
structure. which would cost an
estimated SI l00 each week for the
same 10 students.

A third proposal. irt which student
escorts would receive credits for
their clforts. was submitted to
Community Service head Hedi
McKinley. according to
I-rccdman. lt outlined a plan
which called for ()0 students to
receive tltrce credits for a semester‘s
participation. However. McKinley
turned tltc STEP committee down.
‘on thc‘grotinds that a program
aimed at the university community.
and not tiic Albany community. is
ineligible to rcceivc Community
Service credit.

Both Freedman and Brewingtori
assailed the Community Service
snub. "lhcrc were no written
guidelines lor thc dccison." said
llrcvvington. "This cannot be
justiﬁed."

Brewingtoii said that U‘l.eary had
agreed to “look into“ the possibility
til reopening the Community Service
t'lL‘Llli proposal. but as yet had not

,7. ~ ‘1

   

Student Escort Patrol Co—chalr Doug Freedman said reactivation of the

service will be up to SUNYA President O‘Lury. (Photo: Mark Halek)

gotten back to him.

Reached last night for comment.
McKinley said that she “would not
change her rules.“ and that it would
not be proper to alter Community
Service requirements for STEP.

t)‘l.cury said that. ii STEP isto be
budgeted. it would lall within the
bounds of Public Safety and
University Police.

lltt: program was a success three
semesters ago. according to
I rcedritan. until it succumbed to a
lack ol lunds. It played a part in thc

irrrcst ol two thieves on campus.
received a commendation from
University Police Investigator (iary
O'Connor. and was endorsed by
Central Council in I977.

University Police Director Jim
Williams said that he basically is in
avor ol the program. citing
rrrcrcascd job opportunities for
students and a better interaction
between student escorts and
university police officers. However.
he does riot lccl that the credit
proposal IS a viable one.

continued on page live

Withdrawal Possible By Petition

by Marie (Tortisso:

A University Senate Committee
vtrl begin reviewing peitions by
students who want to withdrawirom
courses riltcr‘ lltc official Oct. 27
deadline. according to Center lor
lrrrtlcr'grridutite Education (Cllli)
staller Leonard lapinski.

Inpriiski. who will present the

pclrtroirs. said that the committee
has not acted on any of them yet.
Students rnriy petition for
withdrawal irom a course until lht
cird oi the semester. II the committee‘
igranls the petition the course will be
'rtlclctcd irom the student's transcript.
About 20 students Itavc written
petitions so Iar. said Lapinski. citing

Plans Set For CC Co-op Space Reall‘ocations

by Debby Smith

A plan to modily the nortlivvest
alcove ol the Campus Center for tire
Vl'titlti CtHrp Illltl Rccrrt‘tl Ctr-tip
iclrrcatioris has been approved by
Acting Campus Center Director
James l)ricllcicltl.

“When I transmitted tlrcsc co-ops‘
alterations to my boss (Associate

“an: r”

i.
Mat 1 t

The Food ("o-op may get expanded quarters In t

|)cnri lor Strident Allah‘s Charles
l'isclrei'| | _rr:t:tiriiritcrtdcd they be
approved and I supportcd it." said
|)rrcllelcltl.

“We have not had any decision on
that as yet." said l'iscltcr'.

“In order to get into vvltat will he
the l‘ood ('o—op. you rtirrst knock it
hole in tlrc wall and install doors."

 
    

 

prices might go up to foot the cost of the move. (Photo: Laura VIscusI)

novarannm 14. 1978

he Campus Center, bui

said l)ocllclcltl.

Solid core brrclt doors. and special
hardware. at Sill) pcrdtior. must be
rist'tl to maintain a consistency in
.riclrrrcctrrr‘c. A vtnll partitioning tltc
ctr-ops will be constructed hour the
limo rosprrrrglmc. Izlectrrcal wiring.
.r circuit breaker box. additional
outlets. and lights will be modified.
.rtcortlirrg to SA President ’aul
lcltlriitirr

()Irt oi tlricc bids Iroiri private
contractors the lovvcst bust: bid for
the construction was $0000. bttt this
lrgurc docs not include the
additional cost ol changing the glass
ol the ltccortl f'o-rrp to wire
tciiipcretl glass. \vhicir would prevent
their. llic tiirrvcrsitycotiltl not do the
cirrrstr‘trcrtoir bclrrr‘c .lrlirc. .rnd gave
no oliicial cstirntrtc.

llic amount Ul riioircy involved in
the rrrotlrlicalrrrris is more than was
anticipated, When the co-ops dccidc
exactly how the prryiiicnt allocations
will be divided :iriioitgst llicrvsclvcs.
the plan will he presented to Central
Council. which must decide on the
loan and the period ol payments for
the CU-OPS. according to l‘eldrnan.

"II it [the period til payrrrcnt] is ‘not
iii the area of five years or plus. I
don‘t lccl weltlic Food Coaipjcriuld
handle it. It'll change the co-op a
little in that iiowther‘e's rin ovcrltcad.
A payment period would cause tirt
overhead. It might change the

ALBAN Y STUDENT PRESS

pricing policy." said l‘ood Co-op
Director Bill Lucas. ’

Members presently charged at
cost will probably be raised to
bclwceir three and five percent;
rroiriiicmhcrs prices. currently 20
percent above cost. will be raised
proportionally. Produce will be
handled in larger quantities to keep
up with demand. There will also be
Inger quantities til spices. tcas. milk.
and cheese. The increase lll storage
space will prevent the problem of
rririiiirrg out. according to Lucas.

“No one has made any overtures.
\t rllicr' in wt itrrrg or verbally. relative
to space in the Campus Center for an
\rtrorrrotrvc Co-op. llic matter of
space lor the Blue-Jeans Ctr-tip is
under consideration by the Campus
t critcr Advisory Board." said
|>oeilcleltl.

Ilrc tititlirii‘r/rttioii of space iir tltc
Campus Center will take into
account the issue of the whole realm
oi coritmcrciril activity on campus.
and its value as compared to service.
according to l‘lSCllUl'.

Ilic Automotive Ctr-op is in the
process of organiring; the structure
and location of the co-op must be
determined. The isstres ot’guarrrmess
and of educational coiriponciits are
being looked iitto. SllNYA's iriottir
pool facilities. and the nearby Mobil
Station are possible locations.

contritucd on page five

reasons ranging from medical illness
to not knowing about the new policy
\\ lirclr was instated this fall. .

Ilic ctrrrciit policy allows students
to wrtlrdraw irom their courses and
to have tlicrir deleted from
rtranscripts up to one week after mid-

sulilcslct‘.

Some students have submitted
medical documents to thecommittec
as evidence of illness. Others have
sent in instructor support
sltllciltctllS. Lapinski thought that
instructor backing would help; but
that it would not be grounds byitsclf
tor granting a withdrawal.

Declared Major Committee Chair
Dwight Wallace said that anyone
"who feels he litis a good reason can
petition." Students who had riot
received a grade by the ()c1. 27
deadline might have possible cause
added Wallace.

i.rrpriiskr thought that the
coiruiirrtcc rmght be nrorc lenient
this year because of the newness of
the policy. llovvcvcr students who
are petitioning because they have
gotten back additional graded work
-.rricc tict. l7 and now realize they
are larling are not likely to be
pcrrrriltctl to withdraw [ruin the
course.

lire comriitttcc reviewing the
pctrtrorrs. the Declared Major
Committee. is a sub comrriittce of
the Senate‘s Academic Standing
Comrrrirtcc which is chaired by
Malcolm Wilson. Wilson said that
his committee will look at some cases
and may come up with sortie
guidelines based on the problctns of
the students. No guidelines. have
been decided as of now. The
Cornruittcc for tire Declared Major,
which will be looking at the
irrdividtinl cases. is composed of
Inculty irom each scltool.
representatives from Educational
Opportunities - Program. Student
Allairs ()liicc. and two students.

PAGE THREE

 

  

