m...“ Am:

I.
i
l.
{
l
y
(

_..__.._-~ _.. -____
vamwhu.k ,___,_  H

M s .....W..__.,.._ ._

“a” t—« ~.’_. -.

.l-IYY‘O

“Te-“Knuth z.—

D}.

 

 

Mid East Summit Successful
WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter told Congress last
night that the Camp David agreement has transformed “this
impossible dream" of Middle East peace into a realistic
expectation, and said he is sending Secretary of State Cyrus
Vance to seek support for the accord fromJordan and Saudi
Arabia. Caner went in triumph to a joint session of the
'House and Senate, took their cheers and applause and then
presented his Camp David negotiating partners. Egypt's
Anwar Sadat and Israel's 'Menachem Begin. in turn, they
stood to receive the ovation of the leaders of American
government. Prime. Minister Begin and President Sadat
ﬂanked Mrs. Carter in the front row of the House gallery.
reserved for the president‘s family and guests. Carter said
there has not been peace between Egypt and a free Jewish
nation for more than 2,000 years. “if our present
expectations are realized. this year we shall see such peace
again." the president said. in a nationally broadcast and
televised report on the agreements reached during the l3 day
summit conference at Camp David, Md.. Caner said Vance
will leave on Tuesday for talks with Jordan‘s King Hussein
and King Khalid of Saudi Arabia. Hessid Vance's goal is“to
secure their support for the realization of the new hopes and
dreams of the people of the Middle East." Carter’s speech
wound up a day ,in which the administration begin a
diplomatic and political offensive in support of the fragile
Mideast agreement,.signed in a White House ceremony
Sunday night.

Editor's note: For the latest available information on this
historic settlement. see the Associated Press stories on page:

4 and 5.

Earthquake Rocks Iran

TABAS. IRAN (AP) Aftershocks rolled yesterday across the
parched countryside of northeastern Iran where an estimated
15.000 persons are reported dead from a giant quake that
demolished 40 villages and badly damaged 60 others. in this
oasis city, hit by the quake‘s epicenter, the dead were
stretched out under the'palm trees. their bodies frozen in

w

 

Learning... triers

grotesque postures of sudden death and wrapped  Whit?
sheets or colorful handwoven cloth. The tow s m‘inareo‘.
mosques and mud-brick houses crumbled under the orgeom
the Saturday evening tremors, givrng this anctent crty a r a
400 miles southeast of the capital the appearance 0'
ﬂattened sand castle. Only a few building escaped majoli;
damage. The quake. Iran‘s worst this year, ltgqledt 2r
estimated three fourths of stas' l3.000 resrdents. 10:] n
the survivors were seriously injured and the most sever y u
were ﬂown to Tehran for treatment.

Rebel. Forces Stillat Hand

MANAGUA. NICARAGUA (AP) Govemmentforccs were
airlifted into positions yesterday around Esteli in northern
Nicaragua Monday to attack the last guerrilla strongholds
there. Esteli has been in rebel hands since Sept. 9 although
the national guard said Saturday it had overpowered sniper
positions iii the town of 30.000. Earlier. the guard.
Nicaragua‘s 7.500-member army. recaptured the towns. of
Masaya. Leon, Chinandega and Penas Blancas. routing
rebels who are led by guerrillas intent on overthrowrng the
authoritarian government of President Anastasio Somoza.
Travelers from the Esteli area. includingsome who had ﬂown
over the town. said it looked dead. They reported no
movement of civilians or automobiles.

Heavy Fraud in GSA Case

WASHINGTON (AP) The first indictments fromtwo grand
jury investigations of fraud within the General Services
Administration could be handed down in about eight weeks,
a top Justice Department official said yesterday. But a
second department official said the cases “in a so-called
advanced stage of development” involve “relatively low-
level" persons. “No one knows the magnitude of fraud
against the government." said GAO Comptroller General
Elmer B. Staats. “Fraud is happening without anyone
knowing about it." The testimony came as the Senate
Government Affairs subcommittee chaired by Sen. Lawton
Chilcs, D-Fla.. held a hearing to learn how various
government investigations of the GSA were progressing.
Chiles' subcommittee on federal spending practices and open
government will hear from GSA oilicials today.

a
Tax Cut Pﬁn Rejected ‘

WASHINGTON (AP) The Roth-Kemp tax-cut plan. which
Republicans want to sell as a major issue for the Nor/em],er
elections. was rejected yesterday by the 5mm mam
Committee as a prescription for future inﬂation. in a m
vote the panel defeated the effort to lock canvas, imo
individual tax cuts averaging about 33 percent or," mm
years. “it's almost irresistibly attractive,” said Sen. Lloyd M.
Bentsen. D-Texas, vice chaimian of the Joint Economic
Committee. “But it would obviously overwhelm our supply
capacity and lead to roaring inﬂation. increase consunm
prices and run up interest rates.” Sen. William V. Roih_ R,.
Del., who with Rep. Jack F. Kemp, Rep-N.Y.. wrotcthebill.
called it overdue tax relief for working Americans.

\ . N

Female Suspect emg Held

MONTPELIER, VT (AP) La rs for Kristina Berstersay
they will present oral arguments in court today riskingtlm
charges against the suspected West German terrorist In
dismissed. Burlington defense lawyer Christopher Davis said
a motion ﬁled in U.S. District Court in Burlington askstlm
the charges be dismissed due to “inability to obtain a fag,
trial“ and “selective prosecution." Davis said other motions
ask for funds for foreign witnesses. and for suppression or
statements made by Miss Berster at the time of her armt.
Miss Berster, 28, was arrested in July when ofﬁcials say sh:
walked across the Canadian border to Alburg. Miss Berstcr.
who has pleaded innocent to charges of violating Us.
passport laws and conspiring to enter the country illegally. is
being held in an Albany. N.Y. jail forlack ofSlOO.(l00hal|_

Coming to Head Committee

ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) Mayor Erastus Corning ll has been
elected chairman of the Albany County Democratic
Committee in a voice vote. Corning has been acting
chairman of the party since the death oflongtinic Chairman
Daniel P. O'Connell. Corning overcame a challenge lint
night from party Treasurer Charles Ryan. Ryirn wanted it
secret ballot but failed to get it and resigned during
reorganization meeting. Corning has been mayor of Albany
since l94l. O'Connell's Democratic machine has controlled
Albany County since the l921 elections. O'Connell was
personally inﬂuential in the presidential nominations of
Franklin Roosevelt in I932, Harry Truman in I948 and John

Kennedy in l960.
a

R

 

f

’ t . . \ “(at
SUNVA'I bell tower not only rings In the hour. but It
plays many tunes as well. (Photo: Stove ngro)

By Whom the Bell Tolls

Every morning thousands of SUNYA studenrsawaken to
The ringing of the Bell Tower. (Carillon to those in the
know) letting them know what time it is. But last spring the
Ciirillon started playing songs. and students found
themselves goingto their ll o’clock classes to the bent ofthe
Notre Dame fight song.

if you have ever wondered how the Carillon worked,and
why it was sudenly playing music herein are the answers.
After a good deal of searching through everyone from the
Power Plant to the Performing Arts Center it was discovered
that Assistant to the President J. Fredrick Volkwein was
responsible for the sound emitting fromthe horns at the top
of the tower.

The Carillon was donated by the SUNYA Alumni
Asstwiuiion in I966. It is manufactured by Mans-Rowe of
Culiforniii and SUNYA is one of a few univerisiesto haven

 

 

carillon of this type.
Volkwein said that the Carillon can be played live-like an
organ or may be programmed with plastic “player piano like

rolls.“ The Carillon is programmed to give the time every ‘
hour 5 days a week. although many different ways of‘

programming it are possible.

The music is ordered on rolls from the manufacturer ofthe
Carillon. SUNYA hasa library of l lOsongs including X'm‘“
music. Volkwein said that the school can tell the
manufacturer the name of any song. or send thema tape ofit
and the company will produce a roll of six or seven songs for
a fee of SllO.

The Carillon currently plays songs at the 2 times when
classes break—l 1:00 am. and 2:00 pm.

The only person who has played the Carillon live is Music
Professor Drew Hartzell. The Carillon is played just like
an organ. It is located in a studio offthc lecturcccnters across
from the E.C.C. The sound of the Carillon is purely
electronic. which means there are no bells. Volkwein said the
livc playing of the Carillon sometimes interferes with music
lessons in the PAC.

_ . Volkwein expressed an interest in forminga Carillon club.
lhis would be a group ofstudents and faculty interested in
glazing it. He risked anyone interested to call him at 457-

The Carillon is a modern SUNYA‘s answer to the usual
bells of the Ivy League schools. “Boogie Oogie Oogie"
cminuting from the Carillon? Who knows!

--Dennls Scheyer

Helping You Get High

The SA is opening it headshop for early October in the
Northeast Lounge of the Campus Center, uccordingto llopc
Murgulics. one of the managers of the Record Co-op. They
will be selling a complete line of heudshop equipment
consisting of rolling paper. pipes. and bougs.

l'he heudshop will be sharing a lounge with the Food Co
Op. They are waiting for a wall to be built in the Northeast
Lounge which will divide the two Co-ops.'

“With the tax card you can get ten per cent off the already
low price.” sirid Margulies. "Our prices are the lowest in the
Albany area." Assistant Manager of the headshop. Mark
Goldstein, said. “We are not trying to make money the
heudshop is for the convenience of the students." I

—-Wmdy Greenﬁeld

Some Good Advice

The English Department has opened a new advisement
.ol'ficc. replacing the department's former system of
lindividual faculty advisors for students.

The advisement ofﬁce is for short rind routiuc guidance
and information on registration and requirements. Six
professors will take turns sitting in utthc advisement office in
Hu 384.

According to undergraduate director William Dumblcion.
"We in no way wanted students to feel that they wouldn‘t gel
personal advice."

Durnbleton said that students should seek out any faculty
member they feel comfortable with for longer rtrugc
planning.

The office is currently open between one and two lioun
everyday. but will have cxpirndcd hours during
prcrcgistrntion to serve the 400 dcclnrcd SUNYA linth'
majors. — .Illl lliibtr

JSC Changes Policy

The Jewish Students Coalition has issued 1| P01“
change in its admission format in rcspomcro the outcry ol 1|"
riuitcrcd member. who was told that his non-Jewish lrIL'Illl
could notjoin u JSC softball team. The ndtlcndurn. lhhllCd ml
Sept. l4. stritcs thiit “In the past. the JSC hits plilUllCcd “
tradition ofducournging non-Jch fromjmnlnlt- 5”“ "W"
the group‘s stance has been altered to one \VillL‘il stoic“ "Eli
no one will be discouraged from joitlinit- MC" “mu” ml.
receive it description of the aims. goals. Mid llll'l“”'"" "I u“
group upon joining."

JSC President Cindi Wiscrnun said that thc rrluuigc W
one of attitude on the llourd's purt. not low. . |

Previously. this Board and past titres had fcli rluri culturlu
differences would make non-Jews feel uncoinlortnlll‘ "‘ "it
group. Now. Wiseman feels that this attitude 
“completely wrong." and believes that the new [tllllcy(|-‘\‘”""n
for the group.' —J- ' I

ll.\'

 

 

.8498 m

ALBANY B'rtlnlltrr prunes

 

 

 

isunya news briefs Jig

amounts 19' “’75

l

 

 

Mahala]; Tower Suspect Arrested?

by Pat Francomano

Several serious crimes have oc-
curred on campus since last May.ac-
cordingtothe SUNYA Department
of PublicSafetv

Thomas Lineo was arrested Mon-
day. Sept. 4. by SUNYA Police for
allegedly throwing objects from
Mohawk’s let ﬂoor at 6:30 am. of
the same day.

Director of Public Safety Jim
Williams said that Linco. a member
of SUNYA‘s Class of '78. was stay-
ing overnight while visiting friends
on campus. when analann in one of
the lower elevators was set off. Ac-
cording to Williams, Lineo. in-
toxicated and tinnoycd because he
was trying to sleep. allcgedly made
his way to the let ﬂoor of the tower
which houses mainly offices. in an
attempt at retribution.

SUNYA Police said that Linco
their tillcgcdly proceeded to throw
various objects from the building out
the let floor window. Among the
items thrown was a manuscript. two

thirds of which remains lost. for a
b o o k writte n bv a
post-doctorate fellow from the School
of CriminalJustice '

Dean of the School of Criminal
Justice Donal Newman said that he
thought "the manuscripts loss to be
most serious" as compared to the
loss of o colfcc machine and the
faculty mail which had piled up over
the summer. He went on to say that
be hoped “never to see him [Linco]
again!“ . .

While in this case police Were able
to apprehend a suspect. Williams
said that the police department has
not been as lucky when it comes to
crimes of a sexual nature. Williams
states that during the last three
months when several such crimes oc-
curred. they were unable to positive-
ly identify any suspects for three con—
tributing reasons; SUNYA's
architecture. the length of time

bcthcn when the crime is com-
mittcd and when the crime is
reported. and the victim involved.

SA Jeans Co-op To Open
By Early Next Semester

by Wendy Greenfield

SA will open a jcun co—op in the
Campus Center by the beginning of
next semester. according to Central
Council member Tony Ginrdintt.

[he only problem hindering the
trike-oil of the new co—op is space.
according to (iinrdiuu. 'l'hc jcnns
Co»()p must request space in this
Campus Center from the
Advisory Board.

"Something may be done
downstairs. They can move the shirt
\Iltlp into the bookstore.“ said Mike
Hctchkop. last year's SA controller.
now u SASU dclcgutc.

I he jcnrrs co—op is also dependent
on an allocation ol niunics from
Central Council. (ilill'tiillil said that
he hcurd “positive things" from
smcl‘rrl Central Council members
uhour thc possibility of it jciins co-
(ll).

A llontd of Directors will be up-

Long Library Hours Finals Week

by Beth Scxer

The library will continue tocxtcnd
its hours until 2:00 n.m. the week
prior to llllti during final exams. nc~
cording to SUNYA Library Director
C. James Schmidt.

On Jan. 30. the University Scnntc
Library Council passed it resolution

Library Director  Ja

0
hours during finale week this semester. (Photo:

SEPTEMBER 19, 1978

pointed to dclcrrnine the prices on
the jeans iiccording to Hctchkop.

“'I‘hcjciins will be offered at a sub-
stantial discount.“ said Giiirdino.
“l’riccs will bc much lower than in
department stores."

(iiurdinu spoke to Lee and Levi
salesmen and discussed costs during
the summer. The Johns Co-Op will
sell onc brand ol jcuns in the begin-
ning. probably Lccs. As the Co-Op
cxpunds. more brands. western
shirts. and belts will be sold.
according to Giirrdinrr.

The Charter will he sent to licld-
mun for approval within the next
wcck. If l’cldmnn npprovcs it. he will
then make appointments to thc
CAMPUS Ccntcr Advisory lionrd.
and thc .lcnns Co-(lp will wait for an
allocation of spucc from tlic
Campus Center Advisory lloirrd.
It the space allocation is granted.
icnus will their he ordered.

to extend library hours one week
prior to and during finals.
Hours Extended

“So fur us I'm aware. the hours

will be extended." Schmidt

sirid.“Wc already have more hours

by ten percent than any other com-
pus in the Suriy system.“

c...............mt..

Laura Vlsousl)

‘ Williams went on to cite several
examples. There "was a case two
weeks ago in the women's gym. when
a black male dressed all in white was
seen looking into the women‘s locker
room. Despite the police responding
within three minutes the peeping
torn was still able to avoid capture.

Last semester there were two in-

cidents of sexual assasult; one in- .

volving u fourteen year old girl and
or;- other. a woman who was at-
tuckcd by two men near Dutch Quad
during Mayfcst.

On Saturday. August I. a six year
old girl was accosted by a nude white
male. Another attacker who the
police could not positively identify
because of the limo clcmcnt. was it
mun who attacked a rcsidcnt assis-
tnrit on 'l‘hurdriy..lunc Lat 8:00 pm.
lhc mun pulled it knife and forced
her to disrobc. The police did not
rccicvc the call until half an hour
after the inccdcul. .

a .

nlvltyollco DlrectorJamas Wllllas at that ‘SUNY's
areblteclum hampers pursuit of suspects. (Photo: Scott Areman)

Student Union Still Organizing

by Jeff Kennell

Members of SUNYA‘s Student
Union say they‘ve discussed plans
for it new membership drive in 1978-
79. New projects and activities have
also been slated. according to union
members.

Utilizing what organizer Sharon
Ward termed a "more personal up-
prouch" SU hopes to acquire a solid
block of working members by the
cud of the current scmcstcr.

According to Cronin. SU is
operating under an interim com.
miltcc until new leadership isclccrcd
at a formal mccring on Scplcnibcr
Ill. [be clcctingol'uChuiruudufivc
incmbcr co-ordinuting committee
will be nrnong the top priorities ol
this meeting. said Cronin.

Cronin notcd three issues that SU
will deal with this year. He said Sll
would pursue the possibilities of a
student run hook co-op. “We hope
to contact the Business Department
to sci: if Business Majors mny be
given credit for working ill the
proposed book co-op.“ explained
Cronin.

in the fall of W76. extended hours
without services were instituted nfrcr
rcgtilnr library hours were reduced
by 20 percent until 'l'hnnksgiving of
that semester because of a hiring
freeze. This action was taken by Vice
President for Academic Affairs
David W. Martin against the wishes
of the Library Council.

Murtin iignin extended the library
hours in me spring ol l977 without
the permission of the Library Coun—
cil.

Lust full. Murtin risked the
Library Council to monitor the
number of students using various
library facilities during the extended
hours. The dutn were examined by
the Library Council. and on the basis
of tlnit infornmtion. it wns decided
that the extended hours schedule
would become library policy.

A Monitored Participation

Martin commented on me out-
come of thc libritry monitoring that
“ no more that 300 [students] on tiny
given iiiglii ,wcre rising the library
facilities during the extended hours."
lie also added that the number of
students luring the library “will be
counted on a regular basis" even dur—
ing the regular scheduled hours.

The library hours now lrnvc
remained unchanged from last your.
The library is open l0].5 hours per
week. except for weeks in which cx~
tended hours are scheduled.

ALBANY EM

"liollctl‘s contract with UAS runs
out after this year. and we would like
to present UAS with a viable plan for
running the bookstore.“sirid Cronin.
l - added that SU'soperutions regur—
ding the bookstore are not com-
peting with SA‘s bookstore review.

Cronin said that SU wants to ex-
uminc‘ thc overcrowding issue.
“ We‘d like to have open hearings and
really find out why the situation is so
bud this your.“ explained Cronin.

Cronin said that “We'll try to
build our membership. but 1.000
pnpcr members will do little good. A
snutli working group is better forour
purposes.“

SU and ()(7A
The lluion will concentrate on u
\nricty of efforts In attract the off-
cnmpus student. 'ilCUUl‘dillg to

Cronin. Cronin voiced SU‘s wish to_

with ()Il Campus
bcitcr

wurk
Association in order to
organize and inform oil ‘curnpus
students ol their rights as tctutnts.
Sll has an especially kccn interest in
organizing tlivailll‘lpllS students as a
group. uddcd Cronin.

Cronin lccls lliut SU can play an
important part in building the
political power of off-campus
students. Cronin and Ward nicn-
tirincd Sll's role in registering olf-
cumpus students to vote. SU is split—
ting the effort to register new voters
with NYl‘lRU. Sll is taking ovcrtlic
lormcr rolc of the Student Alliance
in this irrcu. according to Ward.

Cronin said that SU members
would go door-to-door in residential
areas populuicd predominantly by
sl udcnts by blocks. SU hopes to hpr
off-campus students combat high
rcnt rates through organization. its
well its supply information on securi-

Closely

ty dcpouts and leases, said
Cronin.

SU member Robert Cohen said
tltut the goul of the past few weeks
of SU‘s work was to develop “a core
group bcxorc anything else is under-
taken." Cohen said that hr. will direct
the production of an SU newsletter.
which will hopefully come out every
two weeks. "The newsletter will be
no important means of transmitting
information.“ aceording to Cohen.

Informal Discussion

Cronin described the first few
weeks of the semester as "a time for
inforrnnl discussion of our
priorities." “Calls Wcrc made to set
up it plain early this semester." he
added. "'l'hcsc preparations were.
made so the September Ill
mcinbcrsliip meeting will hrtvc on in-
lorrucd group ol 20 people present
among the general turnout. These
people will be plugged into certain
areas that they are knowledgeable
about." snid Cronin. Cohen describ-
cd llic curly purls ol this scmcstcrtisu
"lilnc to divide different things and
dclcguic spcicil'ic arena; of work to
people."

Ward and Cronin concurred that
SU‘s most pressing budgetary needs
will be in the order of operating cx-
pcnscs. llc listed the use of it phone
and ii Xerox machine us the chief
operating expenses SU will have.

Cronin feels that the Student Un—
ion is “not a lot different“ than its
forerunner. the Student Unionizu-
tion Movement (SUM). “We uc-
quircd a good group of people and
the basic skills of organizing. Wcjruit
reached a point where we were
capable of becoming u union. rather
than a movement to attain one.“ ex-
plained Cronin.

Campus Center Meal Plan
Fails To Lure Students

by Jill llaber

The UAS campus center mcul
pliiii has drawn only 22 participants.
according to Food SERVICE
Secretary 'l'cddy Coons.

The plan which was introduced
this year, allows meal card holders to
receive $1.50 Worth of food at Cum—
pus Center cutcrics. including the
snack bnr. the cafeteria the dcli.irnd
rlic l‘utroou Room at cithcrlunch or
dinner.

Thu cost isSOSDt) n semester which
amounts to an overall l5 percent dis-
count on Campus ( .ricr prices.

UAS General Manager E.
Norbert Zuhmsuid that although the
number of pnrticipunts for the new
plan is arnull. the plan will not be

 

cancelled. "It's still it good idea.“ he
said. although he admitted. “If
you're not going to use the Campus
Center food services about everyday.
it‘s not going to be attractive."

lhc plan is still available on n
pr'ol‘tllctl charge. adjusted because
four weeks ofllic semester httvc puss—
cd.

Coons said the plan wrnr not
catching on because "mostly males
who have moved ol'fcumpus use the
plan. They have big appetites and
$l.50 if you‘re a big eater does not
buy you a lot in the Campus Center."

UAS sponsors another meal plan
for commuter students. in which
students may eat lunch on the quads
for the some $95.00a semester.

