 
  
 
  
  
 

  
  
    
  
  
 
 
 
   

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

By far the best piece of news for the
university was the addition of l2 new
faculty and three support positions.
Compared with the other three university
centers, SUNYA's l2 positions rank
second only to Stony Brook. who isin the
process of expanding its students
population from 12000 to “5.000 by
I980.

The decision on exactly how the l2
positions will be divided has yet to be
made. SUNYA Vice President for
Academic Affairs David Martin
expressed some of the concerns that have
to be discussed before such a decision
could be reached.

“ Firstly. there is the tcntattyencss of the
new faculty positions." said Martin. “Just
because the Governor‘s budget says we
have l2 new faculty doesn‘t mean we cati
go out and start hiring them. The
Legislature can change our entire
budget."

“Secondly, we wouldn‘t just go out and
hire 12 faculty ifthc Legislature approved
the budget tomorrow. We really need
teaching assistants. We have a number of
SED [State Education Department]
reviews and re-revicws contittg up. A total
of six departments in the next two years
and we need to increase the number of
doctoral students per faculty member.“

Martin added that a third concern was

Twelve New Faculty

 

tit) stgttttié snows“

David Martin

SUNYA's present per student cost is high
among the four centers while tltc
university already has the lowest ratio of
teaching assistants to students.

Martin added that if the unitersity
retains all l2 positions he expects at least
eight of them to go towards hiring 32
teaching assistants. SUNYA President
Vincent O‘l.eary stated that ttto of the
new lines would possibly be used to retain
faculty recently hired for the Institute on
the Environment. a victim of this year‘s
budget cuts.

 

 

Carey Increases TAP

The news from Higher Education
Service Corporation, the people who
adtnittistcr the 1 AP program. was mixed.
On the positive side was the inclusion of
the $25 College Fee as a tttition itcm. ()n
the negative side (at least from a SUNY
perspective) was the increase in the
maximum TAP award from $I.500 to
Sl.800. a move that only students
attending private schools can benefit
from.

One hopeful bit of news is a piece of

legislation recently sent to the Assembly

Higher Edueation Committee. The bill

would provide a 20 per cent increase in
TAP awards to all recipients, in both the

j

Other changes tit tltc [AP awards as
outlined itt Carey's budget is a new IAP
schedule that would grant the tttaxrntum
lAl’ award to those students earning
$2,750 or less in nct taxable income attd
adjust the reduction schcdulc downward
for those having net taxable incomes tip
to SI 1,000. l his represents a change lrotn
last year's maximum award cutoff point
of $2.000.

Another new schedule for I'AP would
grant single emancipated students
presently ineligible. TAP awards if their
income is between $5.667 to 37.55011 year.
Awards would be increased to those

 

  
 
  
   
    
  
   
  
 

    
  
   
   
     
 

     
   
   
    
   

 

After a week of close cyttntintt,
recommendation for SUMA hasb
by university administration. \\'hile
by the State Legislature. some pl'
plugging the holes have ttlrcttdy be

personnel; the remaining si.\ being

The big cuts came in tltt cc ttt'ctts.
started last year with Federal funds,
non-teaching positions, four of the
The university also did ttot rccctvca
except for utility costs. ()f iltc three, the lack of funds to meet rising
costs is expected to be thc hardest 0 tie absorb.

On a SU N Y-wide basis. the health ee was included in the budget on
Carey's r‘asoning that if the l.cglsittl re put it in the budget last year,
it‘s tip to them to take it out While
TAP. the limit was raised frottt Sl.5f
only the private colleges can tttkc
proposal is now in legislttttyc comm ttec that would give a cross the
board 20 per cent increase to.t|f |;\l’
they attended public or ptt\.ttt- Iifsll tttions.

The" Budgq lnBrief

on, Governor Carey’s budget
en cautiously termed “posnive”

 

 

J

 

 

 

Institute Axed

One t'ictim of the lixecutne Budget was
the termination of thc Ittstitutc on the
Ent'tronmcnt. a Federally ftittdcd

    

. t “a.
ARV ANN NOVAK

UF

Vincent O‘Leary
Affected are five positions. fotir of
which hate already been filled. As
originally planned. the Instttuc was to
develop a possible curriculum of
environmental issues as well as

cottductitig research. While the research

will almost certainly be itiltL’ti to art lllk'
teaching positions will be s.I\L'ti trim in
using a ttumbcr of lines Itottt Ift. f‘t..'.\
faculty positions ilppltHL‘IT '- liit
(iovcrnor‘soffice. or by itltlli[\ t it «ted
by the university‘s lIllL'lli.tl «not
reallocation. conducted caliILI t‘ .~ ..-.tt

“The Institute on lltc iIl\llttI :tutti."
said Acting SUNYA Ptcstdt-ttt \.ttt.-ttt
()‘|.cary, “came to us tIttougft \ot' Itttttlx

furtds not regularly fttttt. tt-tf.
countercyclical fiitids. iilt‘\  to

provide for a program wtttt .t t :iili
capacity and thc liL'\t'iII]\|lft" ! i
curriculum."

"Wc said. okay. btit lot II\ to 'Itu.
this idea. and Il seemed to fit- .I t ..l‘« with
idea. we were gtttttg to IlL‘k'Ii .ttftt' till.f
funds. Instead. tftc cuttic liliiL'It yi-o
cut."

()‘lcary stated that lit-“would t. t' tvtti\
rcscryc two or three of the llt'\\ pwttmih"

to maintain the faculty tilIL'.ltl\ lltlt'tl to
continue lit:\’CiUplIlgllL'lllI'It'llillllt. ttttt Illt‘
hudch cut appears to hate Litlttllltti lilt'
research side of the pi‘iigi’tilli

  
 

  
   
   
 

  
    
    

  

e budget has yet to be approved
3 for dividing the spoils and

elnstitute on the Environment,
as cut completely. Five vacant
library professionals, were cut.
neral price increase adjustment

6 college fee is now covered by
to $1.800 a year, a benefit that
advantage of. An alternative

‘ecipicnts. regardless of whether

By JONATHAN ll()l)(.'l-LS

 

 
 

 

 

 

Library Loses Four

\\’lIIlL‘ the Executive llttdgct pt'otidcs
for a $97,000 increase itt library
acquisition. four' non-teaching positions
presently vacant in the library ha\c bccit
cut.

"Ihct'c seems to hate bcctt a ktltd of
li'adcolf." said SUNYA Vice President
for Academic Affairs l)a\id Martin.
"\\ htlc the library rcccitcd an increase of
807.000 they lost four professionals. l
thtitk it is significant that we had the
biggest acquisition ittcrcasc of lltc fotti'
centers and I think tlicdclcttoti of thefttut
professionals played some role If! Ilial
decision.“

Martin was quick to stress that the

i Positions arc presently yacant.

Library

 

L

     
   
  
  
 

 

(—

 

No Price Adjustment

One area that has generated deep
concern among members of the SUNYA
administration is the lack ofprovision for
price increases beyond meeting the rise in
utility costs.

 

UPS/RONNIE BUCHMAN
John Hartlgan

"We‘re going to have serious

problems." said Vice President for

litistttcss and finance .loltti llartigan.

".lttst look at tltc pitccof postage and thc

itsc tti tclcpltonc costs. We estimate that

Qc'll be spending an add itiottal $44,000 iii

  

 

postage and $60,000 in telephones this
year alone."

Hartigan predicts that the university
will see a price increase this year of
roughly $600,000 excluding utilities.

“That $600,000 if you relate it to a base.
represents [excluding faculty and utility
costs] about ten per ccttt of our budget.“
said llartigan. “The university is
somehow going to have to absorb tltcse
increases."

Vice President lot' Academic Affairs
Datid Martin said. “It came as a surprise
that there are no price increases except for
specific tttility costs. We‘ve always have
had a price increase and this will mean a
cutback of half a million dollars in
scrt ices."

While Albany‘s total btidget gained
$l.(y92.t<00 over last year‘s budget.
llartigan cautioned against jumping to
inaccurate conclusions.

“If you look at the budget. itsccms that
thcyjust took the $l.4 million needed for
salary increases. added on tltc $300,000
for utility increases and came tip with the
$l.7 tniflion figure. All otir other budget
additions are balanced \\illt it budget
deduction." J

 

 

Price Increases - Utilities

339

 

In thousands

Price Increases

360

    

L In thou-Ind:

I requested by SUNVA

budget recommendation

 

- Other
I requolted by SUNVA

budget recommendation

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

public and independent sectors. students earning less that 55,666. J J
PAGE “A JANUARY 27. 1978 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS JANUARY 27. 1978 PAGE 7A

 
 

 

 

 

 

