 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

\ii KI lillt ii

A 'ti A ‘Mt ‘4 .lfrn 1N er MA I‘iXlJHV

_ LIL
THE ONE
AND ONLY

I \ 1:15. 3:30
. ' . 5:30.!“

.. ""rtitiltut.
l‘tili lllt trtititilnlt
*5 CINE 1‘2-3-4-5-6

' - t a

it Nirtttuwav MA. "Nit

 

THE IMPORTANT
. DIAMOND

WecalladiamondWifitilofm
impressivesiae.andolparticularbeautyand
desirability. In that conmwehsveanuni-

berofstnnestlistares'ttspomut.

Inanotbersenae.everydlantondweaeliis
important. Ifsdiansond trulyexpaeaesyour

love,thereisnohigberpurpoat.§eeonr

selectionofdiamondmr'upmalorimpomnt.

Til 8:30 P.M.

 

 employees it

iiiiilif‘i ( ill“ HHHI  "

 

 

conlrntrdﬁo pm ‘  -
difﬁcult  situation" as the

reason  their termination. , .

SUNYA. the report states that

.“Cornpla'tnts ranged from undue

haste and administrative influence
over decisions to charges of
retaliation against individual faculty
members and attempts to cover up
administrative wrong doing.“

The four former SUNYA
departments cited by the report were
Art History, Speech Pathology.
Astronomy, and Comparative and
World Literature.

In Art History. the report states
that “The former Dean of
Humanities in a conversation with a
staff member suggested that the
department was retrenched for
reasons other than academic ones.
Courses are currently being taught at
SUNYA which are reportedly
similar to those taught by a
retrenched faculty member.“

In I971. members of the Speech
Pathology department were
informed that dissention within the
department could lead to its
termination. according to testimony
the committee received.
Furthermore, the committee report
says that “It was stated at the
hearings that an external reviewer of
the department threatened suit
against SUNYA for allegedly busing
termination of the department on his
review."

On Astronomy, the report states
that “One member of the department
testifying before the Committee
charged that he was terminated only
after a dispute about the application
for a federal grant."

The fourth department.
Comparative Literature,
“experienced a controversial tenure
case which resulted in extensive
litigation involving the SUNYA
administrators who made the
retrenchment decisions.“ according
to thr report. The report states that
“This circumstance has led to
charges that the department was
retrenched on other than the stated
academic grounds.”

O‘Lcary said he does not regret
any of the retrenchment decisions
made by the Task Force. but rather "

. . that we ever had to go through
the whole process . . . There‘s not a
one ofthose departments that didn‘t
have a place at this University
Center. None of this is it happy
situation." O‘Leary said.

The Committee of Concerned
Faculty. in its press release. calls on
O‘Lcary "to make a positive
response to the legislature's initiative
may turn into actual legislation,
according to Assemblyman Miller.
In a press release issued Monday.
Miller explains that “ . , . the
Committee will be looking into the
possible legislative remedy to
investigate the abuses that seem so
very much a part of past practices.“

The committee also listed possible
legislative remedies regarding

continued on page ﬁve

CORRECTION

An article in the February 28 issue
of the ASPincorrectly reported that
Dean of Education Gilbert Moore
refused to appear before the
SUNYA Council on Academic
Freedom and Ethics when it met
Dec. l5. I976 to consider complaints
that the tenure case offormer Speech
Pathology Professor Dorothy S.
Miller had been handled improperly.

Moore said yesterday he never
refused to meet with CAFE. and
appeared before that group on one
occasion when it was considering
charges that Miller's tenure
u" ' had been mishandled.

 

2A0. TWO

ALBANY IWDIN’I‘ FRIES

examined cited f‘the‘ "

Intervention in Sensation Crisis

WASHINGTON (AP) Secretary of State Cyrus R. Vance conﬁrmed
yesterday that two Soviet generals are helpingto direct Ethiopian and Cuban
forces in their war with‘ Somalia. Vance also told the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee there are 35.000 to 37,000 Cubans in Africa. including
about ".000 —- almost all combat troops — aiding Ethiopia. President
Carter. meanwhile. said he has “a ﬁrm commitment" from Mengistu Hail:
Mariam. the Ethiopian strongman. and from the Russians that the combined
Ethiopian-Cuban force will not cross the border into Somalia in pursuing
invaders from that country. At the same time. Carter told Visiting officials
from Kenya that the United States will deliver F-S ﬁghter planes to their
country in a month or so.

Pisanl Declares GOP Nomination

NEW YORK(AP) State Sen. Joseph Pisani, R-Westehester. became the first
Republican to declare for the GOP nomination to succeed state Attorney
General Louis J. Lefkowitz. “I am the ﬁrst out of the gate in what will
probably be a crowded track." Pisani said yesterday at a news conference in
the State Ofﬁce Building in Manhattan. Pisani. who also llffllngL‘ti to
announce his candidacy again in Albany yesterday afternoon. said he would
stun his campaign Monday. visiting Utica. Syracuse. Rochester. Hulfrilo,
Binghamton, Watertown and Plattsburgh. He predicted the party wou|d
select its candidate at the June convention and that there will not be it GOP
primary for the post that Lefkowitz has held for nearly 22 years.

Mandatory Retirement Rule Proposed

WASHINGTON (AP) House-Senate conferecs agreed yesterday on il hrll
that wouid force private businesses to raise their mandatory retirement ilge
from 65 to 70. and ban altogether the forced retirement of federal employees.
Under current law, the three million federal workers are suhycct to
mandatory retirement at age 70. That rule would end after Sept. 30. under the
new legislation. Congressional leaders said ﬁnal passage of the bill should
come this month. and President Carter is expected to sign it quickly. ihe
provision under which private business could not force an employee into
retirement before age 70 would go into effect next Jan. I, The legislation
grants up to two years for companies to phase out mandatory age it)

‘tirement provisions in existing labor contracts.

World’s Longest Space Flight Nears End

MOSCOW (AP) It was the world's first two-nation space launch. Irmstird
the Soyuz 28 spacecraft would link up with the Salyut 6 space laboratory, III
which Soviet cosmonauts Yuri Romanonko and Georgy (ircehko lilit
Saturday will break the 84-day world record for the longest single llight In
space. They have been orbiting the Earth since last Dec. l0. llie rigcrrcy
identiﬁed the crew ofthe new space capsule, Soyuz 28. as Alexei (iuhurct. the
Soviet ‘ . and C " " vak “ researcher" Vladimir
Rcmek. It said both reported feeling well and were carrying out their work
program.

A Matter of Government Efficiency

WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter announced yesterday ill.\ ptopttsltis
to restore flexibility to the civil service system. saying they "roll he the
centerpiece of government reorganization during my term in oll'icc." The
proposals would end most automatic pay raises for government supcrturtrs
making more than 526.000 a year and make it easier to fire litelilctt‘nl
workers. The president. in a luncheon address at the National i’lcsx t'luh.
said revision ofthe civil service system is the single most important step lo be
taken in fulﬁlling his campaign promise to make the federal gotr-rrimcnt
more efﬁcient.

Long Term Bonds to the Rescue

WASHINGTON (AP) The Carter administration, warning that
“bankruptcy is no alternative.“ urged Congress yesterday to come to New
York City‘s ﬁnancial rescue by providing standby, long-term gttitriinlecs of
City bonds. Treasury Secretary W. Michael Biumcnthal chriractcrr/cd New
York as “a vital part ofthe country and a symbol ofthe United Statesrn many
parts of the world.“ He said bankruptcy was likely without lcderul
intervention. and then warned that such a fiscal failure would cause national
and international repercussions. The administration recommended that
Congress authorize it to guarantee the sale of$2 billion in city bonds Ior tip to
15 years to help New York meet its long-term ﬁnancing needs.

Unemployment Still High In NYC

ALBANYv N-Y~ (AP) New York City continued to have the hillhrsl
unemployment rate of any metropolitan area in thcstnte durinngrnurrry. lht‘
“We Department of Labor reported yesterday. The combtncd
unemployment rate for the five boroughs, Long Island. Rocklulld.
Westchester and Putnam counties climbed to 9.3 percent from 8.8 percent in
December. A department statement said most of the job losses were the result
of a “non” “flcr'Chl'il‘lmal slump. But is said the jobless rate was all“
hm" "m" "w 10-9 Percent who had been unemployed a year earlier. [1ch
Wm 21732300 P¢0Pl¢ working in the ﬁve boroughsduring January. it hm “i
L000 1°!” "0'" "w Previous month. In the combined area. the Labor
Department listed almost 4.4 million working and 448.500 out of work

MARCH 3. 1978

by momma? 1--  E-

“lt..'wa.s three minutes before the
hour; Three minutes before‘allofthe
empty promises. the frustrations and

“ t dttlays would all. be
News ' cart away and turned

Fture ‘

minutes before the
long awaited debut 'of SUNYA’s
very own FM radio station.

As the time slowly'ticked away.
the entire staff of WCDB crowded
into the brand new studios in excited
anticipation of this historic
occasion.

There were representatives from
all sides of the WCDB story present
for this occasion. There were the
younger members of the stuff. the
people who will enjoy the fruits ofall

Rival Unions

into success. Three,

, ‘rd labor put into is moment.
It is 'these people ’l’who will be .the
future of this station. v - -

* ,There were those who had worked
hard for FM for many years and will

’be a part of .-WCDB,'s--ra'ctual
operation for only a‘few‘. more.

months; people like‘station manager
Paul Rosenthal.

And there were those .who had
helped the station in its long and
difﬁcult road to the FM dial but
never saw the final result in their
lifetime at SUNYA; people like
former station managers Pat
MeGlynn and Eric Goldstcin.

Two minutes before the hottr.
Everyone was ushered into the large
studio which is planned for live
musical performances. There were

Compete I To

Represent SUNY Faculty

by G. Pascal Zachary

United University Professions is
being challenged by the New York
Educators Association for the right
to represent SUN Y‘s 16.000 faculty
and staff.

The campaign by NYEA to
replace UUP began more than two
weeks ago. despite a ruling from the
state‘s chief bargaining agent. the
Ofﬁce of Employee Relations. that
the union cease its on—campus
activities until May I. 90 days before
the end of a six month challenge
period has ended.

NYEA organizers have been
circulating on all 32 SUNY
campuses in an effort to gather the
signatures of almost 5000 SUNY
facultv. which it needs before it can
challenge UUP in an election,

NYEA ﬁled a complaint to the
Public employment Relations
Board. which settles disputes
between public employees and

management. in hopes that it will
rescind the OER ruling. NYEA
spokeswoman Linda Rosenblatt
explained that. since most of the
faculty are not on campus during
much of May. June. and July. the
prohibition of work-site access
before May I severely hinders her
group's petition drive.

OER has given the union
permission to contact its employees
off—campus. and has allowed NYEA
access to their home addresses.

Under state law. a challenging
union must submit to PERB
petitions containing signatures of at
least 30% of the employees in a
particular bargaining unit. In order
to be valis the signatures must have
been collected no more than six
months prior to the end of a
prescribed challenge period.
SUNY‘s challenge period extends
from February I to August I.

t'rmlinut'd on page jimr

people other than'VWCD‘B  .
present. There was Dean for Student 7

Affairs Neil Brown; thej-‘radio
station‘s big booster . from
administration, some interested
students who make the campus

center their second home. as well as _

photographers, media folk. and
other stragglers.

In the comer of the room sat two
bottles of New York State
champagen, courtesy of UAS. That
showed that this had to be a special
occasion — E. Norbert Zahm
donating champagne!

The time had come. Everyone
stood quietly crowded around
Rosenthal as he stood in front of a
micrOphone and awaited the cue. At
4 pm. EST. the “On the Air" light
ﬂashed and Rosenthal began the
radio station’s maiden broadcast.

The station manager signed the
station on: “This is WCDB Albany.
WCDB broadcasting from the State
University of New York at Albany.“

Rosenthal then talked briefly
about the people who were to be
thanked for theirefforts. He brought
Neil Brown and Eric Goldstein to the
microphone after praising them as
being key elements in the
development of FM. Brown and

continued on page ﬁve

Committees

by Steve Brackett

Only two of the committees
evaluating the performance of four
SU NYA deans have completed their
reports. according to committee
chairs.

Committees evaluating Dean of
Social and Behavioral Sciences
Richard Kendall and Library
Director C. James Schmidt have
completed their work and submitted
final drafts to the Ofﬁce of Vice
President for Academic Affairs
David Martin.

TAP Award Increases Probable

by Jon Lafayette

Students at SUNY and CUNY
colleges will probably receive
increases in their TAP awards this
year. despite indications from within
the state lcgislatrue that a TAP
increase bill passed by the Assembly
last week stands little chance of
passage in the Senate. according to
Assembly Ways and Means
Committee Chair Arthur Kremer
(0- Long Beach).

Kremer said that. based on his
knowledge of the legislative process.
he feels “satisﬁed that the public
sector will get some money."

A TAP amendment bill passed by the Assembly will probably result In

Kremer said he had received
assurances from the Senate that
there will be an answer on the
question of public sector increases
“within two weeks."

According to sources on both the
Senate and Assembly Higher
Education Committees. a bill
sponsored by Kremer and Assembly
Higher Education Committee Chair
Melvin Miller (D-Brooklyn) stands
little chance ofpassagein the Senate.
The Senate source gaVe tlte bill “no
chance" of passage. but said public
sector students may be able to get
increases through the Governor's
supplemental budget for I978-79.

UPS/WV ruse-om

Increases in TAP awards for BUNV and CUNY students.

MARCH 3, 1978

TAP increases for private college
students have been virtually assured.
through passage in the Assembly last
Tuesday of Governor Carey‘s
Deficiency Budget. That budget
included a $300 TAP award increase
which would primarily affect private
college students.

Senate Majority Leader Warren
Anderson has said that the purpose
of the TAP program is “primarily to
aid students in the private sector
colleges. We're not about to provide
retroactive increases: to students in
the public sector.“

Carl Carlucci. Director of
Research for the Assembly Higher
Education Committee. said public
sector increases were left out of the
deﬁciency budget because amending
it “would have required a
tremendous amount of work." The
Miller/Kremer bill. be said. was
designed to build on to tire deficiency
budget.

The Assembly source laid blame
for the Senate‘s disinterest in the bill
on a lack of pressure brought by
students on individual senators.

“All the talk is that the bill is going
to be killed bttt no one says that. if
they do. something will happen." he
commented.

Kremer said the Senate ltas begun
making overtures on the bill. and
that negotiatiorts with the
Governor's ofﬁce were beginning.

The Miller/Kremer bill has been
assigned to the Senate Higher
Education Committee. which won‘t

meet before March“.

UPI/MA. sass

WCDB went on the air at 4 pm. Wednesday. Dick Jockey Jim Saturno
played the station's first record foiovvfng sign-on ceremonies.

Still Evaluating Deans

But the committees evaluating
Dean of the School of Business
William Holstein and Dean of
Mathamatics and Sciences Vincent
Cowling have yet to finish their
reviews. According to Martin. only
the Kendall evaluation report is in
his possession.

Schmidt Evaluation Committee
Chair Marion Munzer said the
members of her committee
submitted a ﬁnal draft to Martin on
Feb. I7. two days after their
originally planned deadline. She
added that Martin may not have
seen iiit: report yet because it still has
to be typed by his secretary.

The two—day delay of the report.
Munzer said. was the result oftime-
consuming work in processing
student responses to questionnaires;
anonymous responses to
questionnaires; information from
closed hearings regarding Schmidt‘s
performance; and a self-evaluation
made by Schmidt.

The Kendall evaluation was
completed last month and submitted
to that school‘s College Faculty
Council. After reviewing the
evaluation. the Council submitted
the report along with its
recommendations to Martin. Martin
will make his own recommendations

to Acting SUNYA "President

Vincent O'Leary. 

According to Computer Science
Chairman and Cowling Evaluation
Committee Chairman Dean Arden.
his committee's report is expected to
be completed by March 24.

"We want a March l7
completion." Arden said. “but the
processing of questionnaires took
longer than expected."

He added that. along with the
questionnaires. the committee
solicited information from faculty
members. past and present
Department of Sciences chairs. and
comments from various students.

continued on page four

Entertainment Bus Barred
Temporarily This Weekend

by Jill Haber

The bar bus. an SA-funded
weekend bus to off—campus bars and
nigltt spots. will not run this
weekend although it should be in
service next weekend. according to
Central Council Chair Mike Lissner.

The bus bar has run for three
weekends on funds from the SA
operating budget. but was
suspended last weekend because of
financial problems. The bus. which
is contracted from Yankee Trails.
costs $|30 for five runs each Friday
and Saturday night.

According to Lissner, who is in
charge of the bar bus project. the
bars which are serviced by the bus
were supposed to have supplied the
funding. He said he received about
$50. but then became ill and couldn't
make the rounds to collect the
payments.

“There were no signed contracts."
he said. but he believes the bars will
lay out the cash for the continuation
of service.

SA President Dave Gold said the

mm scanners ems

bus runs were curtailed because “We
didn‘t want to run it unless we were
totally prepared for it. We didn't
want to run it and then not have
business increase at the bars. There
hasn't been much publicity about it.“

Lissncr disagreed about a lack of
publicity.

“The publicity was really good.“
he said. “the bus was continually
full."

About 400 students used the bar
bus the ﬁrst two weekends it was in
service. said Lissner.

“Most of the bars said their
business increased." he said
“Bogart's. WT's and Howard
Johnson's have called and said the
would pay." ‘

According to Lissner. the bar bus
was scheduled to run only during the
winter months when hazardous road
conditions made drivingaftera night
out especially dangerous. The
number of remaining weekends the
bar bus will be available this
semester will be determined by the

weather. said Lissner.

PAGI m

 

r

 

 

