  

 

Newspaper Strike Nears End

NEW YORK (AP) The New York Times, the Daily News
and striking ,pressmen have agreed in principle on a
settlement to the dispute that has idled the two huge
newspapers for nine weeks. labor lawyer Theodore Kheel
said yesterday. it was not immediately clear how soon a
1contract agreement might be reached. or when the two
morning papers could expect to reach settlements with other
striking unions and resume publication. Kheel said, "1 don‘t
anticipate that after a pressmen's agreement is reached. a
resumption of publication will be long off." However. he
cautioned that a number'of matters remained to be worked
out before a full settlement with the pressmen‘s union could
be announced. Walter E. Mattson. executive vice president
and general manager oftheTimcs.said the principles include
job guarantees for all "regular" pressmen in return for the
right to reduce the work force by attrition over a six-year
period. William J. Kennedy. president of the striking
Printing Pressmen's Union No.-2. said the principles of
agreement preserved the “unit manning concept." meaning
tlitit the publishers would agree to employ a certain number
of pressmen for each press unit. As dcscri bed by Mattson and
Kennedy. the principles of agreement apparently mean the
union has won its light to keep the jobs of its members and
prevent the publishers from making sharp cuts in the number
of pressmen working at any given time. The newspapers
appeared to have won the right to reduce work forces by not
replacing persons whodic. retire. orare fired. Kheel is a labor
lawyer representing l0.(l00 newspaper workers who were
idled when the pressnicn‘s strike erupted Aug. 9 against the
Times. News and the afternoon New York Post. The Post
returned to publication a week ago under a “me too"
agreement tltat pledges to match whtitcvcr is worked out in
any Times and Daily News agreement. Until the Post
returned. newsstands and readers had gone without the usual
daily quota ol 3.] million copies of the three major
Manhattan dailies.

Americans Win No bel Prize

S'I‘OCKHOLM. Sweden (Al’) I‘wo Americans and a Swiss
QUIT the Nobel. l’ri/e for medicine yesterday for their

 

 

     

'-

Youthc vondollud the podium sculpture last weekend.
according to pollen. (Photo: Carolyn Sodgwlck)

Hayes Sculptures Vandalized

University Police have arrested three students and charged
them witlr criminal mischief for turning over some of the
sculptures sitting on the north end of the podium.

Police Director Jim Williams. who would not release the
suspects‘ names as they “may be tried as youthful offenders."
said that they are fret: but have been issued citations to
appear in court.

Williams said that he could riot assess the damage to the
sculptures. which are the works of David Hayes. “It really
depends on who you talk to m the artist and a casual
observer will say two different things."

Art Department Chair Edward Cowley was also unable to
gauge the damage. “i really couldn't say deli niter . . . bttt it
wasn't that much.“

 

 

ﬂea-m as"... ’bﬂ’efs . 

  

minutes. procedures were established for the talks. expected
to last for up to two weeks. Then Secretary ofState Cyrus R.
Vance and other US. officials met with the' lsracli
delegation, After lunch, a separate. UiS.-Egyptian ’meeting
was set up. with the three sides gettingtogether again in late
afternoon. The hope is that a treaty can be completed within
two months. ’

 
  

discovery of a method for breaking apart genetic material
that may eventually'unlock some of the mysteries of cancer
and hereditary diseases. Il‘he winners, chosen by the Nobel
Committee of Sweden‘s Karolinska institute of Medicine.
are microbiologists Daniel Natlfans and Hamilton 0. Smith
of John Hopkins university Medical School in Baltimore.
and Werner Aroer oi the Universuy ot Basel; SWllZCIt‘liﬂnd.‘ g
The three. who will share the $165,000 awar . were c osen . . . .
from among 205 caiididates,sources said. The awards put the    
United States well on the way to dominating the Nobel Prize ' ‘ ‘ I
list this year. The only other award announced so 'far, for WASHINGTON (AP) A bill calling for federal
literature. went to Yiddish author lsaac Basbevis Singer, a compensmion for persons who suffer harm because ohmic
New Ymkcr‘ pollutants was introduced in the House yesterday by Rep,
John J. LaFalce. The New York Democrat said he was
N ’ introducin the measure. unlikely to be considered before the
   95th CongEess adjourns on Saturday. so it could get early
attention during the 1979 session. it will. however. have to he
WASHINGTON (AP) Sen. Jacob K. Javits yesterday re-introduced next year. LaFaloc‘s district includes Niagara
termed the issues before the 95th Congess “as monumental Falls. where a neighborhood budt on landﬁll overthe former
as any we have had since World War ll," and admitted that Love canal has been turned into a ghost town by Chemical
'not all had been squarely faced. In a news conference to contamination. Work is scheduled to begin next week on
review the congressional'tenn scheduled to end Saturday. the drainage ditches intended to divert chemicals. sortie of them}
New York Republican said solutions had not been found for cttttCCr-Cituslng.‘ that have surfaced after several years of
international monetary and domestic energy problems. heavy rauilall. Some 239 families have been displaced by the
“What was at stake in the 95th Congress wastbe people ofthe contamination and clean-up. ‘
world and the economic foundation of even the Westlern
democracies and Jo an." Javits said. While headway ias -
been made toward pgace in the Middle East. he said. “we've.   
just kept out head above water" on Mideast oil pricing and
the falling value of the dollar. He described the export NEW yORK (AP) 'l'hc Republican candidate W. mm,
expansion drive as “late and relatively SIMIL" attorney general says an expected endorsement of his
Democratic opponent by New York's City‘s Patrolnicn‘s
' iicncvolcnt Association is the result ol'a sccrct dcai. Mike
     Roth charng Wednesday that Bronx Borough President
Robert Abrams will receive the ltl.0t)(l-mcmber city
WASHINGTON (AP) ligypt and lsrael began negotiations l’atrolinan's Benevolent Association endorsement iii
)‘Cstcrtlttylodrtlwttpttpcttcclrcatytliat l’rcsidentCartersaid exchange lor helping the PBA get the vacant Surrogates
must ultimately be broadened to include all Arab parties to (Tout‘l building on Chambers Street. “The deal between
the Middle st conflict. “The United States is committed. Abrams and PBA President Stun De Mclia is an oittrigltt
without rcscr itioii. to seeing this process through iintileach example of political bribery.“ said Roth campaign chairman.
party is at peace with all the others." Carter said at an l'raitk S. McCullough. PBA spokesman (icorgc Douris
opening ceremony at the White House. Delegates from the admitch that the tinioii has been trying to acquire the
two countries then walked across Pennsylvania Avcntic to buildingasn tax paying "policc museum." bill be said Roth‘s
Blair House where. iii a second-floor|ibriiry.thcy started to charges were "outlandish arid too ridiculous to comment
cxplorc terms for a treaty. At the first session. lasting [5 on."

i .

Williams said that llaycs would be contacted and asked to , .
come to SUNYA to inspect the affected pieces.     

—- Steve ()ster
The I978 Torch. SUNYA's first fall yearbook. is finally in.
  to    wLio ordered the book last yearand paid the $3.00
pic up their purchase in tht. lorchs third ﬂoor
Campus Center office by bringing a receipt between ll):l5
(iovernor Hugh Carey and Assembly Minority Leader ant. and 4:30 pm. Yciirbook Editor-in-Chicf Sam ‘l‘crilli
Perry Duryea. Democratic and Republican gubernatorial “lid “W Ofﬁce WT” be l’lm" {0" bmincss beginning Mtllldl')’
liiipcl'uls' will lock horns on the lube Wednesday_ 0c_ [8, for about the next two weeks. lfyoulostthereccipt long ago.
Channel [7‘ capital dislrict's Public Broadcasting Service don't despair.thcycarbook staffers can look tip yotir mime in
iil‘l'iliulc will carry a television dcbulc sponsored by (lie theirrecordsand provideyouwitliabook.lfyoudidn'tordcr
League 01' women Voters from 9:00“) “:00 Mi last year. there are about a thousand copies for sale at the
Proposed subjects include the slim-'5 economy‘ $3.00 on a ﬁrst come. first serve basis in the Torch office.
cnviiimmcmiil concerns. criminal juslicc and health. Tcrillisaid that the fall book was “a stickyissuc."tind that
cducmiun and welfare, opinions about the release date varied. He said it hasn't bccti
Marilyn Berger will mom-mic, and ii panel composed of decided yet whether the ‘79 Torch would be a spring or fall
niiviu llcpp. co-host of Inside Albany' Richard Reeves. a venture. Because ’l‘erilli was unsure how people \vould react
columnist. and Frank Lynn. political reporter for the New to a fall yctirbook. however. he cut the number of books
York ’l'imcs will hurl questions in the candidates, ordered from the usual4000 to 2500 - A so get ‘cm while they
-Steve Oster “‘51.

Minority ScienceAwards

As one means of increasing the number of practicing
scientists whoare members ofethnic minorities, traditionally
underrepresented in the nation's advanced science pool. the
National Science Foundation plansto award approximately
50_ new three-year Minority Graduate Fellowships.

The program is open only to persons who are citirens or
nationals of the United States at thctime ofapplication. and
who are members of an ethnic minority group.

[Eligibility is limited to those who have not completed
postbaccalaureatc study in excess of 30 semester hours or 45
qtiarter hours.

Fellowships will be awarded for study or work lcadingto ti
master‘s or doctoral degrees in the mathematical. medical.
biological. physical. engineering and socail sciences.
Applicants will be judged on basis of ability.

‘ Applicants will be required to take the Graduate Record
laxaminations designed to test scientiﬁc aptitude iind
achievement. to be administered on Dec. 9.

Deiidlinc for applications is Dec. it. For further info write:
National Research Council. 2l01 Constitution Avenue
Washington l),(‘. 204m. '

— .lill llaber

 

rm 1m Torch. sunwv. "at lyook . finally

-5..." 0"" ready tor dlclrlbutlon. (Photo: Carolyn Sedgwlck)

 

\kt
PAGE Two

sunya news briefs)?”

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS OCTOBER 13. 1976i

w

 

J

 

 

 

 

 

“ “at.-.

a”- ._ _.M.. a.» .,..

 

I,
i“
ii

 

 

 

 

 

D‘Politicians Gather To Name Mall

by Charles Bell -. _

State politicos gathered Friday
at the South Mall to rededicate the
complex in the honorofformerN.Y.
governor Nelson A. Rockefeller,and
to do some election campaigning as
well.

At Friday's lunchtime ceremony
Governor Hugh Carey read Ex-
:cutive Order 76 which renamed the
mall the Nelson A. Rockefeller Em-
pirc State Plaza . Carey‘s order
proclaimed that the purpose ofthe

rededication was to “memorialize”
the role of the former governor and
others in the construction and
maintenance of the mall.

Carey referred to Rockefeller as
"one of America‘smost civic-minded
citizens. who place the public good
ahead of provate pursuits."

Rockefeller returned Carey's com-
pliments by praising the governor
for his “warmth. human understan-
ding and generosity".

He also thanked Carey for taking

English and History Ph.D’s
Still in Planning Stages

by M..i. Memmoft

the reinstatement of PhD
programs in both History and
linglish is still in the planning stage.
according to the cliitirs of those
departments.

lioth linglish Dcparttiiciit Chair
.loliii (ierbcr and llistorv Depart-
ment Chair Joseph Wtillsaid yester-
day that it will still he a matter of
weeks or months before any formal
Plll) plans are presctitcd for up-
proval.

The History and English
dcpartments lost the registration of
their doctoral programs because of
what a State liducatioii Review
Committee saw as academically
deficient programs. l‘ormcr State
liducatiou Commissioner Ewald
Nyqiiist terminated the programs in
I975.

For three years. SUNY contested
the authority of the Commissioner
to revoke a program for such reasons
in New York Courts. On .lune 13.
I978. the State Court of Appeals
ruled unanimously that such anact is
valid. thereby ending the court
battles.

“We have worked out a skeleton
outline of a program and within a
couple months we should have
something ready to go through the
mill." said Wall.

He added that “sometime in the
next couple weeks" the department

Housing Ordinance To Be Enforced

by Sheryl Fowler
SlJNYA's off-campus students
are discovering themselves in a
touchy situation concerning
Albany's anti-grouping ordinance
and the enforcement of housing
codcs. according to off Campus
Association (OCA) advisor Zach
Kelson.
Rarely Enforced
The anti-grouping ordinance. in
effect since I977. citcs four or more
unrelated persons living in the same
apartment as a violation ol'thc hous-
iiig dc Pr vioi y,tlii ordinance

 

  

Four or more unrelated per

an Albany Hounlng Code ronulallon. (Photo: Jolt Schn

‘SC‘T’O'BER 1a. 1978

  

will be bringing in outside con-
sultants to provide input on the new
program plans. Wall said the con-
sultants would come from both
academic backgrounds and from
practical fields such as archives ttiid
library research.

(ierbcr felt that outside con-
sultants would also be used to help
form the linglish department's plans.
" l'lic [SUNYA] president istliinkiiig
of an outside consultant group to
add some input on any plans we
form." he said.

However. SUNYA President Viti-
cent ()‘l.cnry would not confirmtbe
possibility of outside consultants bi:-
iiig brotigbt to SUNYA. saying only
that it could be“somethiiigdmvnthe
line."

Work Delayed

(icrbcr said that most oftbe “basic
thinking" should be done by the end
of the semester. with work beginning
in earnest after next week. Progress
liiis been delayed some because of a
review of the Doctor of Arts

program. according to (ierbcr. but
that review will be completed soon.

S U NYA President Vincent
()‘l.cnry declined to name any date
for the completion of the Ph.D
plans. but did say that they “are
moving. they are active.“

“We‘re not ~rcady to announce
anything yct. but they are seriously
i moving ahead." he said.

had been rarely. if ever. enforced.
Now. according ‘to Kclson. off-
ciimpus students must be prepared
to deal with its enforcement.

Iliis enforcement of the anti-

grouping ordinance has occurred
when off-campus students elect to
report a major housing code viola-
tion to tile Housing Code Enforce-
incnt lluracu. accordingtoOCA ad-
visor Bruce Cronin. ,An inspector is
then sent to the apartment to check
the violation in question.

Routinely. the inspector inspects
the in iil d then not
ﬁx ‘3‘»

       
 

‘ ‘M.
Iona living In an apartment to a vlolatlon ot

oohaum)

time out of his schedule “to pay
tribute to a former governor while he
is still alive."

Albany Mayor Erastus Corning
also joined in on the backslapping
when he gloriﬁed Rockefeller‘s role
in constructing the Mall and said. “i
can think of no other person who
would have had the imagination to
do it." .

Because of Friday morning's
heavy rain the ceremony was to be
held in an indoor nuditiorium at the
base of the Convention Center. com-
monly called “the egg“. the
auditorium had filled with spec-
tutors when five minutes before
noon the sun came out and Council
on the Arts Chair Kitty Ciirlislc Hart
appeared on stage and requested
that the itudiciicc and biiiid move to
the Pla/a lcvcl.

Several minutes later the Fort
L'rnilo Yankee Doodle Hand had
rcstiincd its pliiying in the sunshine.
lrttinpcts sounded the familiar notes
of the “I Love New York“ song and
the guests of honor took their seats
on the dais.

llart iiitrodticcd the dais guests
which along with ('arey and Nt‘ oti
aiid lluppy Rockelcller included At-

 

3, .

.‘X‘x

Governor Carey. Albany Mayor Cornlng. and Nelson Rockefeller were
on hand for the South MIII'I dodlcatlon. (Photo: Bob Leonard.)

toriiey (icneral Louis Lclkowitz.
Robert Moscs.Architcct Wallace K.
Harrison. l.t. (iovcrnor Mary Anne
Krupsak anti Assembly Minority
Leader Perry Duryca.

l)iiryca.\v ' ' .tllcnging Carey
in the upcoming gubernatorialclcc-

 

:7
(.

tion. was greeted wih an enthusiastic
round of applause and cheers.

A ninrker bearing the new name of
the mall will replace the old one near
the mall‘s reflecting pool. The com-
plex was first dedicated as the "Em-
pire State Plaza" on Nov. 2|.l973.

O’LearyAddresses SUNYA Senate

by Pitt Franeomano

SUNYA President Vincent
O‘l.cary addressed the University
Senate last Monday in his first of-
ficiul report as President ofSUNYA.
and spoke on such issues as the
btidget. enrollment and SUNYA‘s
role in the State UniversitySystem.

()‘l.eary stiited taht at this time
SUNYA is under "considerable in-
vestigation or flux“ concerning
issues and decisions of higher educa-

. tion.

An issue upon which ()‘Lcary
spcnt iiiticli time was the public iti-
stitution versus the private institu-
tion and the importance of making
the public awtire of the cost itnd the
redeeming q utilitlies of public educa-
tion as is represented by SUNYA.

landlord so that it can be corrected.
But in several instances. said Kelson.
students in these inspected
apartments have found themselves
being cited for violating the anti-
groiiping ordinance. in these cases.
one or more students have been forc—
ed out while the other three must

Rc/sin Adams. wife of SUNYA
lactilty nicnibcr Ted Adams.worked
tilt the original anti-grouping or—
dinancc. She is a member ofthc Cen-
tral Square neighborhood associa-
tion and has lived iii the Albiinyarea
for twenty years.

" l he anti-groupingordinance was
designed to be anti~landlord." she
said. “it was not meant to be used in
order to exploit sttidcnt tenants.
Most members in our associationare
sympathetic to student concerns and
genuinely feel that they possess the
same rights as they.“

Kelsou called the situation an un~
fair. arbitrary use of the law.

“llic housing codes itrc being an-
fairly enforced. The llousing Code
linforccment liurcuu has tiscd this
ordinance to it‘s own advantage. to
intimidate students. Students are
becoming discouraged from calling
the housing btircau when major
violations are taking plticc itt their
apartments."
best way to deal With the abuses oi 4
the anti-grouping ordinance is to
push for iepcnl.“Stitdcnts should v
bccoinc informed about wliiit rights

trtllllllllt'if on [mgr /t'lll'

()‘l.eary emphasized the value of a
publiceducation by citing the several
different roles that SUNYA plays
and the many unique contributions
it makes to the surrounding com-
munity.

He said that it was “important to
associate public education with the
welfare of the state." as exempliﬁed
by experiments being conducted in
the Physics Department, the
developments of new computer
technology. “the teaching of young
people in a qutility institution and its
contribution to the economic vitality
of the state."

He then reiterated his statement
concerning the importance of
spreading accurate information
about SUNYA. ti philosophy which
is exemplified by the recent publica-
tion of a pamphlet entitled “Facts
About SUNY Albany“.

in his first reference to budgets
and liinds for SUNYA. O‘Leary
made mention of the recently passed

supplemental btidget. which will
provide a one year appropriation for
SUNYA to augment the Center for
Women In Government. The Center

originally came to SUNYA through
it grant from the Ford Foundation in
conjunction with the Graduate
School of Public Affairs.

O'Leary continued along the same
lines by speaking about the SUNYA
budget. Hearings about the budget
will begin in downtown Albany on

Oct.l6. Concerning the budget..

O'Leary. while saying “either we
have a six hundred million dollar
surplus or we don‘t." added that the
discrepency concerning a surplus or
a deﬁcit is difficult to solve “and we
will inst have to let that unfold to see
what will happen."
iic went on to say that because of
pressures. such as the hospital open-
ing iit SUNY Stonybrook. it prior
commitment to SUNY Buffalo cam-
pus constitution. in addition to plans
to establish a campus in Utica. he
does not anticipate "much general
funds for higher education."
()‘l.ciiry continued by citing shifts
in the enrollment patterns of the
SUNYA system and the ltirgc part
that enrollment pltiys in the es—
iablisliinent of the budget. indeed.
continued on page nine

 

Throwing an

by Thomas Martello

()‘l.cnry's inauguration. which was

and Sorrell Clicsin.

doing of 0‘l.eary.

too.“

 

(Trials and Tribulations on

Wliiit ifthey threw an inauguration and everybody came? That was
the possibility t lint frightened organizers ofSUNYA President Vincent

The ceremony. originally scheduled to be held in the Performing
Arts Center. lind to be moved to the Campus Center Ballroom because
more people accepted invitations than had been anticipated. according
to inauguration organizers and SUNYA administrators Lewis Welch

“President O‘Lcary wanted iill employees invited." said Cbesin.
“The last few inaugurations bad a more select audience. The ﬁrst thing
that came to our mind was. ‘My God. what if everyone ncccpts‘ ".

Clicsin said that O'Lcary's presence on campus and the fact that he
has been iit SUNYA for ten years helped boost the inauguration
attendance figures which forced the moveinto the Ballroom. "We even
booked the gym as ti backup.“ Chcsin said.

The planning for the inauguration took several months. according
to Welch. Chesiu said the informtility of this inauguration was the

"()‘l.eary wanted a simple ceremony. which left out ti lot ofthe pomp
and circumstance." said Chesin. "He did keep some traditional aspects '

“liuiugurations tire occasions of celebration and fun.” said Welch.
“Very formal rituals are gradually fading away and are being replaced
by ceremonies which are brief and informal."

J

Inauguration

held last Saturday night.

 

continued on page 7 J

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE THREE

 

 

airy-r ‘ s- «

 

