   
   
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
  
    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
 
  
   

     
  
    
 

 

' . wot; mm; «ll-(nut 'tOt t

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

by Mike Dunne ‘.
. Albany State dropped a pair of
varsity baseball games in Oneonta
Wednesday. 7-1 and 4-3. The twa
SUNYAC losses drop coach Bob
Burlingame's squad to l-3 in the
league and 3-4 overall.

Oneonta got all the runs they
needed in the opener in the ﬁrst in-
ning. Pitcher Tom Lorenzo, from
Colonie, doubled home two runs off
Danes' starter Gary LaConture.
Another Dragon run made it at
the end of four innings.

In the ﬁlth. Albany had the
makings of a rally without the
benefit of a base hit. Two walks and

an error loaded the bases for.

shortstop Chris Siegler. He drew
. another free pass to drive in a run

by Janet E. Cernl

Triumphing over visiting Oswcgo
State on Tuesday afternoon. the
Albany State women‘s tennis team
raised their record to 5-2.

The Danes overpowered their
SUNY opponent in six straight sets
and one default. First through
fourth singles players. Lisa
Dennemark. Jane Maloy. Sue Bard.
and Lois Whitten. respectively. all
notched victories playing almost
ﬂawless tennis as compared to their

- opposition.

Dennemark highlighted the
singles competition with a 6-0, 6-0
Whitewashing of her opponent in un-
der 45 minutes. Fifth singles Felicia
Smith won by default, as Oswcgo
failed to provide a player in that
position.

The Albany doubles teams of

Oneonta St. Cops suinbiu'
From Danes; Win 7-1, 4-3 '

 

and broke up Lorenzo‘s shutout bid.

Oneonta put the game out of reach.
in the bottom of the filth with four
more scores off of LaConture. Two
triples did most of the damage.

“Gary didn‘t pitch a bad game at
all." said Burlingame. LaConture
surrendered only seven hits.

‘Went Route

Lorenzo scattered six hits while ’

going the route for Oneonta. No one
had more than one hit for the Danes.
Close Affair

The nightcap wa a much closer
affair. Oneonta scored the winning
run in the bottom halfofthe seventh.
With one out and two men on base.’
Don Flynt singled up the middle to.
drive in the winner.

Albany had taken the early lead.

Captain Paula Sausville and Colleen
Joyce. and Michele Grant and
Michele Guss also tasted victory.
The latter squad encountered the
only close set ofthe day in its 6—2. 7-5
triumph.

l’eggy Mann. Albany's coach.
happily commented after the Will.
“The team has continued to [:1

better. We‘ve had nice weather to.

practice in each afternoon and our
Assistant Coach Carole DeMettre
has really helped us. All sixteen girls
on the team have been working hard.
even ifthey‘re not always used. That
number has also helped us to survive
some injuries this year."

She also feels that the newly resur-
faced lower courts on the Dutch
complex have aided her team. “The
courts are slower so we play better."
said Mann.

 

 

 

25¢ Drafts

 

  
     

 

Fatsolthogarty’sr

255 New Knrnei Rd. th. l55)

Alhttm‘. NY. [2205 450—337]
. Tuesday I
2 for 1 Nite 55‘" -
Drinks, Drafts & Wine .  ~
—-——-——- Wednesday —-———‘-" ' '4“.
Ladies Nite
50¢ Drinks r
(No cover charge for Ladies) w
—"——‘—' l'lturstluy ————-T‘ 
Beer Nite

Free beer 9-3 AM

Finlay & Saturday

Fatao’s Good Time Happy Hour

50¢ Mixed Drinks

(9 - 10 PM)

Sunday

Fat-'0'. Fabulous Super Sunday
Call 45843371 for Spoclale

 

 

   
    

r._._, ._
A L‘AISO‘SJ Fuller as
l "a .1” I I'Itlllt‘l lmu' I'ft’tlu‘ 5
-
‘ kg. uad 7-8633
R' '55 Want A" Eut UN. ] q

 

 

 

with three firetoinning scores. The

lframe showed the Danes with four. I

hits. the big blow coming from Gary
McCarthy, who knocked in two
runs.

The Dragons responded with one
in the bottom half of the inning off

' starter Mike Clabeaux. The score
. remained 3-l

until Oneonta
deadlocked the score in the ﬁfth.
Both runs against Clabeaux were un-.
earned as a result of a Dane error.
[First Frame '

After the first frame. Oneonta.
starter Bill Say shut out the Danes
over the next six innings. He is

_ their numbersone pitcher.

The loss of the SUNYAC
doubleheader was naturally a disap-
pointment to Burlingame. but his
team has a chance to even its league

record today against Binghamton.‘

The twmbitl begins at 1 pm. on
Albany's field. Jim Bittl‘ter and Paul
Cohen are the anticipated starters
for the Danes.

in addition to her excitement over
the upcoming ECAC tournament
(Oct. 6 and 7). Mann stretched her
sights to next spring when Albany
State will field aspringteam.as well.
“We‘ll have a tougher schedule than
this fall's. but we‘ll be playing
schools more in our bracket ofcom-
petition such as Cornell and Vassar.
as well as Binghamton and the other
better state schools," said Mann.

The expansion of the women's
tennis program at Albany caused
former Dane captain Pat Podgorski.
present at the Oswego match. to
remark. “The quality of women's
tennis is improving. More women
are competing and publicity is in-
creasing.“

The Great Danes will square off
with SUNY Plattsburgh tomorrow.
“We expect to do well," said DeMet-
tre of the away match.

Sports Notices

There will be an Albany State

 

wrestling practice for any interested 4

students who want to try out forthe
squad. Report to PE 227 on Oct. 4st
4 pm. Physicals should be taken
beforehand and equipment is re-
quired. Contact coach Joe Garcia
for more information about the
practice.

 

l‘he 'l'rov Uncle Sam Swim Club is
looking for a coach. Requirements
are four practices“ a week from 6-B:30
p.m. and coaching 40 swimmers in

y six dual meets. Pay: $200 a month.

('all John Koller at 274—6260 or 270-
(i520.

 

 

 

 

     
       
 

 

and moment: I
lurnnmunats

openings ovolloblc

In the

SET. 2:00 HﬂNDICﬂP

 

  

‘ by Rich Sellpon

i1" Like [Tint  

' 1

wire}. the (“body—State kickoff-team'is‘ mentioned, his eyes glow. his
speech quickens and a big smile appears. “That's my favorite." says Danes'
football layer  Hint “That‘s/my favorite.”
~ ”‘ ' " . Watching FlintthelasttwoSatur-
.days at his roverback postion on
kickoffs. he is a man of motion.
" N Before each Albany kickoff. Flint
runs from one side of the ﬁeld to the
other. slappinlt hands with his ten
teammates who are on the special
team.
I For a change of pace. Flint hits
1 their helmets. and of course. fakes
them out also. “Sometimes they
think l'm gonna get them with one
hand and then I‘ll switch and slap
them with the other."

While Flint's slapping, he's also
rapping. Challenging the players to
1 p . $1 “:eat mph/(town the field" 32d askjnzg

‘ t em. “ o‘s gonna get t e stic "
'c.' Film (Phoio: 8‘". mum) ‘ No. 15 continues his psyche antics.
And as the Albany kicker gets ready to connect. Flint‘circles backwards
and builds up momentum to go down field. It's a feat in'its'elf that he has
enough energy left to still make a tackle. ‘
" This inspirational routine had a positive effect onthe Danes' NCAA
scmifinalist season of a year ago. according to head coach Bob Ford. “I
enjoyed him very much last year." says Ford. “He provided the stimulus for
the special teams, which were a vital part of oursucoess. it was the play ofthe
special teams that enabled us to go as far as we did.” _
“Flint‘s special team duties have been limited to only Dane kickoffs as he,
has become the squad's starting free safety. “i wasn't a starter last year," says
Flint. "I could afford to let myself go and be as enthusiastic as possible."

As a result of his defensive responsibility. Flint is trying to concentrate
more. At times during practice. where he usually remains the same jumpy
performer, he‘ll walk away and settle down. “Sometimes I like to be by
myself." Flint reveals. “There are times that lj us! have to cool out and get my
head straight."

While playing in a game. Flint says he'll stop after the kickoff play is
finished. and think to himself. “OK, l'm on defense. l'm playing free safety
again." Overaggressiveness at this position could result _in an easy
touchdown. he indicates. Noone backs up the free safety.

However. Flint admits it's hard for him to calm down. “i guess l‘m
basically a free going person. i like to meet people." Under the presumption
that Flint was exclusively talking about people “offthe field". he proceeds to
say that when he tackles someone, he asks them. “What‘s happenin'l. howyou
doin?"

Although 5‘7“ and weighing l50 pounds. Flint‘s not intimidated by the
bigger athlete. “By no means do I feel l‘m too small to play football. I try to
stick the bigger players to let them know l‘m there."

"He's 95 percent ofthe timejust bubblingovor." says Ford. whocalk Flint
“The Roadrunner". "He‘sjust extremely enthusiastic. He provides a rallying
post for our team —— it's contagious."

Flint‘s motive for his spirited behavior comes down to one word:
WINNING. And this year the junior from Elmira has a goalthat he'd loveto
reach. “The National Championship is right in our faces." declares Flint.
“We have to reach out and get it. lf l'm that person to take us there,then l‘m
gonna be as excitable as l have to be." Beep. Beep.

The ASP would like to say

 

 

        
 
 
  

 

 
 

 

Happy New Year!

 

 

 

 

 

Shoes.

Racquetballs only $2.50 per can. .
Lightweight plaatlc eyeguards $7.00
Free demonstrator Racquota for our customers to usell

'rSportshoes-State Campuﬂj

Racquetball Players

We sell Nike. Fred Perry and Wll'son-Bata Racquetball

shoesforailsports:

 

 

 

 

 

 .1» .__ ._... n.
IPAGE TWENTY-THREE

 

 

 

 

 

