.‘_ :.. -

' .W' A.\...._ ‘t
s .._.. Mg“ _ ,._-_.,M.«-Wr -AM

. “than..- ._,. s.._,.a,.m.....3. _ ’
_..,..,_.~..,..~..~M-..,...s ..-.....«..W e.

, Bakke‘

by Rick Cotroneo

By now, almost everyone has heard of the '

Bakke case. However. the facts of the case
have been misrepresented by the
conservative forces in the U.S. Alan Bakke, a
white male engineer. applied two years in a
row to the University at California at Davis
Medical School. He was rejected both years.

Bakke claims he was rejected because of the
special admissions programs for Black and
minority students at Davis Medical School.
The school has a quota of sixteen out of one
hundred positions reserved for Black and
minority students. Let us examine whether or
not the quota of sixteen minoritystudents was
responsible for Bakke‘s rejection. .

First of all, the conservative forces of the
U.S. portray Bakke as some sort of genius or
boy wonder. However, the fact is that Bakke
applied to other medical schools and was
rejected by eleven of them. The conservative
forces also portray the minority students who
were accepted as totally underqualifed and
unable to deal with medical school. This is by
no means true. The minority students who
were accepted were all very well qualiﬁed and
quite capable of handling medical school.
Bakke was not better qualiﬁed than the
minority students who were accepted. It is also
misleading to say that Davis Medical School
has a quota of sixteen. Over the last few years.
the quota was left unﬁlled a number oftimes.
All facts considered. the presence of the
special admissions program was not the cause
of Bakke's rejection.

Bakke supporters claim that as a result of
quota systems like the one at Davis, Blacks
and minorities have overrun the medical
schools of our country. Again, the facts are
not on the side ofthe Bakke supporter. Over
the last two years the percentage of Black and
other minority studentshas fallen from ten
percent to nine percent. in undergraduate
programs the percentage has dropped from
8.4 to 7.3.

The Bakke cry of reverse discrimination isa
continuation of the racist and sexist basis of
our society. The Bakkc case is in the tradition
of l’lcssy verses Ferguson and the Dred Scott
case. in which the U.S. courts have repeatedly
given their stamp of approval to racism. op-
pression. white supremacy and ultimately.

Myths

genocide. The ,Bakke‘ case: can not
be looked at in isolation. A Supreme Court
ruling in favor of Bakke will result in the
dismantling of Afﬁrmative action throughout
the country. A pro-Bakkc decision threatens
all the gains made by the Women‘s Movement.
it threatens. not only the gains made in
schools but also injob discrimination. etc.

Bakke has turned around the real issues at
hand. The fact is that the prevalence of racism
and sexism in our society has forced minority
women and men. and white women into low
payingjobs or unemployment. i will provcthis
with the following data.

Even with the tremendous increase in
women attending college(mostly white) the
percentage of women faculty members is a
startling 22.5 percent. Only seven percent of
the full time professorsare women. In |976the
average female faculty member received
$3.096 less than her male counterpart. Women
constitute 42 percent of the total work force
but receive only 25 percent ofthe total wages.
The gap between male and female workers is
increasing. In 1955 the average woman worker
received the equivalent of 64 percent of the
average man's salary. in l974 this figure fell to
57 percent.

This bleak economic picture is duplicated
for minorities. Blacks experience twice as
much unemployment as whites. ln I974 the
average black male worker received the
equivalent of only 68 percent of the salary of
the average white male worker. The average
black female worker received only 48 percent
of the white male worker‘s salary. Since the
Bakkc case deals with medical school it is
important to note than only two percent oft he
U.S. doctors are minorities. Whilctbcre is one
white doctor for every four hundred whites.
there is only one Black doctor for every five
thousand Blacks. The ratio of Chicano
doctors to the Chicano population is one to
sixteen thousand.

The point I am trying to make is that
discrimination and injustice arc rampant in
our society. We need programs speciﬁcally
designed to deal with this. Bakkc supporters
cry that quota systems and afﬁrmative action is
reverse discrimination. I say that (and i can‘t
take credit for this quote) “Affirmative action
is the reversal of discrimination."

 

 

 

 

, viewpoint

 

vlclous .
attack

To the Editor:

The “Beacon Man“ cartoon strip in the Feb.
10th edition of the ASP is a vicious attack on
Jews, Women, Blacks and Gay People. it is
slanderous. insulting, offensivcand personally
vindictive.

While purporting to be humorous. the
cartoon in fact encourages a series of racist
and sexist stereotypes: Jewish Women as
materialists and loudmouths. Black athletes as
smooth “groovers”, and woman in general as
being sexual objects eliminated at the whim of
a male.

Stereotypes perpetuate negative images of
speciﬁc groups of people such as women..lews
and Blacks. and can only reinforce prejudicial
attitudes toward these groups by others and
produce feelings of negative self-worth for the
members of those grottps.'l'his is
counterproductive to society and the goal of
human rights.

The ASP operates in SUNYA facilities
maintained and provided for by the taxpayers
of New York State. it is unacceptable that
public funds should indirectly subsidize
publication of offensive material.

Moreover, the author—artist of this‘work of
art‘ has refused to identify himself and has not
used his real name. It is equally unacceptable
that the ASP should assist this person by
publishing his material without requiring him
to openly take responsibility for the
oppressive garbage he has been producing.
Accountability for your material has always
been a basic tenet ofjournalism.

We insist that the ASP take the following
steps:

I) immediately cease publication 'ofI-ttuch
slanderous. discriminating "comics".

2) Publish a formalapology and retraction on
the editorial page.

3) Publicize without delay. the name of the
artist/ author of this offensive feature. so that
lie might openly stand behind the material he
produces.

All concerned students are advised to take
note ofthe feature in question and particularly
ltow the ASP responds to the above requests.

Albany State University Black Alliance
l-eminisl Alliance
l-ucr/a Latina

 

FEIFFER

¥ (lay Alliance

Graduate Womens Association

Jewish Students Coalition

Off Campus Association

. . _ Sharon Ward
Student Association-Executive Branch &
Affirmative Action Task Force

University Action for the Disabled

Womcns Studies Department

deepest
apology

To the Editor:
Last Friday‘s Beacon Man has must-d
somewhat of a minor controversy. (her the
past week, We experienced many unusual
things ranging from verbals assaults in
numerous feminists to receiving death—t lll'L‘ttls
i believe apologies are due. First. my deepen
apologies to the two women who mistukunli
thought I was personally referring to lllt'lll Ill
my Beacon Mart Satire. I never intended to nw
the names Bloom. or Wardstein. as it an) of
creating humiliation and insult for these
women. My second apology was Ul'lgllltlii)
goingto those women who were offended httt l
later learned that not only did I oliend tlu-
SUNYA women but also the (inycomnntniti.
the Jewish community. the Black cotmnuntti
and God knows who else. lo these and utlien
who felt offended by my cartoon; [liUllht'
understand that I did not intend to ttllL'tltl .m_\
group or individual. Beacon Man “as ctentetl
as a fictional satire and I never intended in iIhL'
it as a means of instilling anyone.
Ralph llo\|c\

Editor's Note: The Album" Slut/mt I'rt-u
it'grm any inatlver/um iii/ante t'tlll.\t't/ In l/lt‘
‘ [Imam Man” mmit‘ .i'lrip which tt/I/It‘m't't/ ill
lax! Hitler's issue. 'I'lnl tll'/lit/illll n/
stereotypes in the t‘omit' Kiri/I am not mum/ml
It) offend anyone, or [U wit-uttrttgt' \ltth
turmoil-lies. II is No! I/lt‘ t't/ilttt'itl/ lm/u l n/ Iht’
'lfbflli‘l’ Sim/em Press In [It‘lylt’llltllt‘ \Hl/l
stereo/"mi.

our
side. . .

To the Editor:

lam writing in response to the Jan. Tumult-
“Service Program Rejects Students." II m it!\
to me that the purpose of the article iltts itt'tﬁll
lost. Being the student rejected. l thticstt-d
that the article be written in order to pit-win

 

 

 

 

W *HWAU
g! s I!

WHATI MEN)

5‘! ‘HUMAU
RlélllS" (5
COHPETEUT

Women/ti,
2590 - ates

80066750
“HUM

FOR VEPI 2 Ti \
EASE thieé‘K GHQ—j)

 

 

 

 

 

Pierce Hall Daycare Center’s
One Swinging Place!

823 centerfold

 

