   
    

 

 

  

 

 

 news -_bstie£si 4 J

 

 

r . ' "I - seem to have takenacruciaistepinacampaigntodeztinkghe
I 7 c' - ' o m th.of infallibility wrapped aroung’the venerate ea er.
Israelis    Brit the move could bode ill for Mao's successor. Chairman
. - ' ' Hua Kuo-feng. The poster. i spotted by Japanese
JERUSALEM (AP) Prime Minister Menachem Begin says correspondents in Peking on Sunday. accused the father of
he‘ll recommend that his Cabinet reject Egypt’s demand fora chinn's communist revolution of backing the purged. Gang
timetable for sotvingthe Palestinian problem but will ask it of Four rebels during a I976 power struggle Within the
10 reafﬁrm its willingness to sign a Peace treaty With Egypt. Communist Party. Posters are often used within Chinese
' the Cabinet adjourned its regular weekly meeting Sunday~ society to presage ofﬁcial changes in party policy. The poster
without taking a decision on the Egyptiandem‘and. it is to was believed to be the ﬁrst to directly name Mao. Who died in
' reconvene today to continue discussions of the stalled September [976 at the age of 82. The poster accused M80 of
Egyptian-lsraeli negotiations in Washington. Begin received backing the Gang of Four. including Mao‘s widow. Chiang
a hostile reception When he arrived for the party meeting in L‘hing. who were accused of plotting to take power after
l’elAviv. Angry Jewish settlersfrom the occupied territories Mao‘s death. The four were purged from the party and
and other Israelis bombarded his car with rocks and eggs. stripped of their government posts. Earlier attacks on the
The prime ministerwashit ontheleftshoulder by anegg. The group only. referred to Mac indirectly, and excused any
lsraeli settlers are incensed at Begin's decision to return the improper behavior on his part on grounds that he was
Sinai to Egypt in exchange for peace. not only because it dccieved by his wife and her supporters.
nouns“ end to the Jewish settlements there but also because
they believe it sets a precedent for the abandonment of
Jewish settlements in other occupied territories.

Portvaea'der'in Trouble

 

Activist Group Not a Front

' ' WASHINGTONMP) a former police undercover agent
MINEHEAntENGLAND(AP) Court Proceedings started testified yesterday that a black activist group in Memphis.
yesterday against the former leader of Britain's Liberal lctin.. known as the invaders preached violence. but he
i'arty. Jeremy Thorpe. accused of plotting to kill a former; doubts it was part of any FBI plot to assassinate Martin
male model who claims they were lovers. Three local Luther King Jr. “The invaders were not a front for
magistrates will determine if the prosecution's case against anything." Merrell McCullough told the House
“WW” and "WW 0th" m!“ is Strong enough forthcmlo be assassinations committee. “It was just a grass-roots
committed to trial before ajury. The committal hearing is organization .of young people of the community."
“Filmed ‘0 “181 [W0 0" ""00 week!» ThOI'PC. 49. is charged MeL'ullough testified as the committee began investigatinga

inciting a close friend. David Holmes. 48. to kill Scott. The nppcurnncc ma garbage strikers‘ march on March 28. 1968 as
maximum punishment on each charge is to years in prison. part at” rm FBI plot to lure King back to Memphis to be
“Olmcsv a wealthy banker and ﬁnanCiﬂl COMUNam Who was assassinated a week later. But McCullough. who testiﬁed he
dcf’m)’ "WSW" 0r 1'“: small. middlC‘OlI'th‘mad Liberal mtrltratcd thc invaders asti Memphispolicemanand became
l'ﬂl‘iyi "iShl'QlUb "Wm" George Dcﬂkin‘ 35- “"d 30h“ LC its minister ol'transportation. said it was essentiallyagroup
Mcsuflﬂi 45. Pa“ “Wm” 0” 93W“ warehousc~ 3'5 charged of college students who engaged in extreme rhetoric about
Wil“ Cunspi'ing Willi “‘OFPC- \ iolcricc without actually committing it. He said such
rhetoric probably did contribute to the violence that broke
     the marclt King led for striking Memphis
TOKYO (Ai’) Withtlieappearence in Pekingofa wall poster
Kimmy attacking the late Mao Tse-tung. Chinese leaders

 

wrtlt conspiracy to murder Norman Scott. 37. and with theory that the Invaders caused violence during King's .

    
  

Continued Support for Iran

WASmNcToN (AP) Secretary of State Cyrus Vance.
responding to warnings by Soviet President Leonid
Brezhnev. said Sunday the United States intends to continue
supporting the Shah of lran‘s efforts to restore peace in his
country. Vance. in a formal statement. denied that the
American role amonntcd to an attempt to intervene
militarily in lranian politics. "As President Carter has
indicated. the United States does not intend to interfere in the
internal affairs of any other c0untry." he said. “Reports to
the contrary are totally without foundation." Vance was
responding to comments Brezhnev made that the Soviet
Union would regard any U.S. militaryintervention in irantis
"a matter affecting the security interests of the Soviet
Union.“ lran borders the Soviet Union. Vance said while the
United States maintained a hands-off policy militarily in
Iran. it expected “other countries to conduet themselves in
similar fashion." Vance noted that Russia had made that
plcdgc.

Big Changes for Pay System

WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter is convinced that
federal employees are overpaid and has ordered plans for an
overhaul of the pay system. presidential aides say. Half a
dozen administration ofﬁcials who asked not to be named
said they are drafting several “pay reform" proposals for
possible submission to Congress in January. Securing
congressional approval fora pay overhaul would be difficult.
administration ofﬁcials concede. A year ago “pay reform"
was dropped from Carter‘s “civil service reform" package on
grounds that it would make the package too controversial.
Set eral aides also Worry that proceeding with "pay reform"
could dcmoralilc the rank-and~ﬁle workers on whom Carter
depends to deliver his promised governmental efﬁciencies.
And pressing ahead with the proposals would almost
certainly mean Carter would risk losing the political support
oi the American Federation of Government Employees.
\\lllt.'ll hacked his l976 presidential campaign.

 

 

 

 

.illiill past experience has been that additional funds for
equipment replacement has been made available. but now.
the sciences are ﬁnding themselvcs in the red.

Physics Chair Walter Gibson said that inﬂation as well asa
' tighter budgct is hurting his department. He claimed that
lack of necessary equipment leads to enrollment limitaitons
in physics classes.

Music Department Professor Jocl Chadabc said that the
department is runnign on a “no maintenance budget". which
means there is a shortage of money for reparis on electronic
music equipment. Chadabc said that the Music department
has been unable to employ personnel because of the tight
budget.

Cowling said that the situation can be remedied in the
future by more fiscal control and organization on the
department level. “We must learn to live within our
resources." Cowling said. but until then things willbetight.

M-I-C—K-E—Y ‘0  ‘

liclntcd birthday greetings to that giant among rodents.

New Look For Draper
V lhc three schools - Criminal Justice. Social Welfare. and
the Uraduate Schools of Library and information Sciences
moving to the downtown Draper Campus will have newly MIC“). Mama who lumcd 50 ms. Smurday'

remodeled officcs to settle into.

While the outside of Draper Hall has the same nee-classic
architecture it ltas had since I909. the inside was given a
colorlul new look. The wall paint varies by section and ﬂoor
from olive green to blood red. The carpetingchangcs oncach
tloor; red on the main floor. gold on the second floor. and Mick“), plum u“ smudingmmc lime“. highomc inommdo’
"me "n the ﬂuid “04°F . , _. , l'ltil'ltlii munching on cheese with his wife Minnie. his long-

""W‘Wh“"f’r'ﬂm‘flnchutéc room'sm“? bunnlsi‘cd ’rrmc .issociutc Donald. and all of his little inceccs and
are tthobs of scctronirigofl areas into proper offices. putting
Ilt doors. and moving in furniture. ﬁles and sundry other
necessaries.

lltc schools will probably move downtown over the
summer. leaving floors l5-2l of indian Quad‘s Mohawk

lower open for student housing in the full.

file floppy—cared screen star has enjoyed a long and
prosperous career with the Walt Disney Studios. and has
rcrmtincd his ever sparkling and spritlcy self despite his
:rdtniicing years.

According to a high-level Disney spokesperson. (ioofy.

iricphcu s.
— Steve Oster

0f Peat Bogs and Sphagnum

' Attention all closet paludiologicalists:
-- Robert Blasenstein lltc l’aludioiogical Society. a not-for-profit organilation
- dedicated to the preservation of freshwater wctl'ind "
. ‘ V i . . . s in New
    lurk State In looking for new members.
I . ‘ Among the topics of concern for the I ou are - ‘
in the past. SUNYA has received additional funds from and sphngnum mosses. and there is ttiirk o? dcvgitilriirti?gri
the statesupplemental hudgel.'Conscquentiy,exchtmiisuch hiochcnrical key for Sphagna. possible dealin w'th L
monies. they ovcrspcnt, and will belcftshort come the spring electrophrcijc analysis of shagnus zrolleisr.‘
semester. If you understood that or ourc ' ' L
g ‘ ' I I . . urios -' ' -
School of Scrcnccs and Matli Dean Vincent Cowling Sill“ t licryl Spitulding at 472-36339 Both fagiilxluiti‘erriilbfrd‘mii
I I . s an
students are invrtcd to join.

 

 

 

 

\\_

pAGE Two ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Lsunya news briefs J

/L

Winter Wonderland

“hill is it that will drive students to poetic inspiration in
.\o\cmbcr as well as suicidal despair in February?

Simply snow.

SUNYA received its ﬁrst light flurrics of the winter last
night. as tcmpcraiurcs fell to a chilly 27 degrees. it was a
rather weak effort on mother nature's part, and it silently
subsided in about an hour.

the National Weather Scr'vicc repeated a 20 per cent
chance of additional snow tonight and tomorrow.

llut. while it lasted. students had the chance to play with it.
throw it. and check for “accumulations.” all popular first-
snowlall activities.

l| you happened to miss it entirely due to studying or
partying or whatever. don't worry; thch will be more.
— Steve ()stcr

 

 

Although there were lost a few tiurrles last night. ""8
scene to coming soon. (Photo: Scott Amman)

 

NOVEMBER 2]. I978

 

 

 

 

 

v- . a.» ~.ylmr~v~vm .

   

 

Rafﬂe 'Winner Gamers Groceries 7

'by Jill Haber

Stanley Zych's Thanksgiving
dirtiicr will be a bit less expensive
than most people‘s because he did his
shopping for free.

Lych was tltc lucky winner of a
raffle sponsored by 'l‘hcta Xi Omega
lrntcriiity which entitled him to a
two minute free shopping spree
yestrerdny morning at Shop Rite on
Western Avenue.

All told. the Dutch Quad
custodian came away with $260.00
worth of groceries. including his
thanksgiving Day gobbler.

the fraternity sponsored the
rattle tickets as a way of making a
charitable contribution to St. Jude‘s
L'hildrcn‘s Hospital in Tennessee.

"We just ﬁgured it would be a
good community service." said TXO
l’i'csidcnt l'ed Eckler.

lhc brothers sold 860 tickets at .50
apiece. five of them to Zych.
according to Ecklcr. A Shop Rite

on”?

'/ smith - A
In addition to the standard menu.l

manager read the drawing made for
the winner.

Lych said he planned what he
would "shop" for before the event.
tic grabbed $50 worth of turkey.
ham. and steaks (the limit set by the
store). coffee. shrimp. orangejuice.
and l'ruitcakes.

Lych said he picked these items
because they are among the most
expensive grocery items. The
Irurtcukcs will be Christmas gifts.

"I went through the aisles with a
guy from the fraternity who kept
time.“ he said. “You think two
minutes is a longtime. but you don‘t
rcaliLc how fast two minutes can go."

the run was originally planned for
7:30 ri.m.. before the store‘s 8:00 a.m.
opening. but was delayed until after
the store opened.

" lhc manager called shoppers to
the front of the store.“ said
Lych.“and made an announccm

 
 
   

ndlan Quad cafeteria offers some

unusual fare on a usual Thursday lunch. (Photo: Mike Farrell)

about the event."

Lych said he bought the raffle‘

tickets from a student in a lounge in
Van Cortland Hall where he works.

I'XO paid for the groceries from
the money they collected on the sale
oi the raffle tickets. According to
holder. the shoppinglist broke down
to the $50 worth of meat. around
$100 worth of coffee. and $70 worth

‘ ot i‘rcihofl'er‘s fruitcakcs. plus the
orange juice and shrimp.

After paying for the food. and
other expenses like the cost of
printing tickets. and a permit from
the city of Albany. the fraternity was
able to make a $50 contribution to
the children's hospital.

bcklcr said TXO. a colony of
national fraternity Tau Kappa
Lpsiion. is currently talking to Just-
A-Song about arranging to rafﬂe all
albums for a charity drive next
I semester.

by Stuart leerman

lhc reported invasion of Indian
Quad cafeteria by cock roacheshas
been blown up out of proportion.
according to University Auxiliary
Scrviccs (UAS) President Mike
l-crtig. i-ertig said that "today there
is not ti problem and the situation is
well under control."

According to Director of Food
Scryiccs Ron Clough. the problem
originated when the exterminating
company contracted to do the
cxlcrminnting work did not do their
_|tlh correctly. Because of the
inadequacy of the service. UAS
dismissed the original company and
contracted u now one. (‘lough would

cxlct minaltng companies because (if
lcgirl rmniiicntions.

About three weeks ago. L'lough
called the lioard of Health risking
ilicrn what to do about the
cockroach problem. They told him

Committee To Evaluate Teaching

by Thomas Martello

Ways to evaluate good teaching
will be the focus of an Educational
l’olicrcs (‘ouncil committcc winch is
currently bcingforrned. accordingto
Assistant to president .1.
l"rcdcricks Volkwcin.

The committee is in accordance
with President Vincent O'Leary's

Rate Remains

lhc recent rise in SUNYA crime
illililil. according to University l’ol
‘(ittcsscs as to wlint caused

also mczin that there was less or
reported."
A University l’olicc Monthly

addition. the report also stated tho

570.000.
" l’ci'ccnliigcs ctr n he

opposcd to our usual 20. it would
instance . . . it is much less severe

Williams said that the inflated
\nndahsrn over the month. “We

morc rowdy.“

Director of Rcsdicnccs
\nnduiism but said that he was “in
more that SUNYA has experience

.loliii

pimp. accordingto Williams;
Lop." he said. "and if it goes down.

 

7ncrease In Campus Crimd

speculating." he said. “it could be that there is more crime. bill it could

percent increase in critnc last October over the October l977 totals. in
property tlirongh the first ten months nfthis year totals approximately

inislcading.‘
instance. 11 Ill .itinc. one of our slow nionths. we have 40 crimes as
perhaps as little as two or llircc more crimes reported per day."

'Animul llousc‘ movie phenomena

llicrc will be no change in police procedure as it result oftlic crime
The thingis. no one knows why it went

Programs and Priorities Report.
\thich outlined SUNY‘s direction in
this academic year.

lhc icport stated that "the
Lanlslly ticcds to provide
incentives. for superior teaching. it
must suck ways to reward those
instructors whose superior teaching
cutrblcs the University to achieve

Unewla’in d
is neither untisunl. nor a cause for
ice Director Jim Williams.
the increase would merely be
imc committed and more crimes

Report of Activity showed a 70

t the value of damaged and stolen
' Williams cxplnincd. “For
be u 100 percent increase. in this

than the percentages indicate. . .

figures reflectcd'a rise in minor
heard it blamed on n so-callcti
people are acting somewhat

Weity acknowledged acts of

ll sure" he would characterize it as
d in recent years.

no one knows why either."

educational goals with
disirrittron...A major effort will he
lurrnchcd to dctisc policy and

gtridclrncs lot rcwut‘diiig excellent
teaching."
Al the Nov. 1 H’C mccling.

U'l.c;iry churgcd the council with
this task.

“lhc committee. when formed.
various ways of
teaching," said

Will urtscss
evaluating good
\'o|kwcin.

lhc committee's tasks will include
an administration poll of faculty
members on ways to evaluate
teaching. according to student EI’C
nicmbcr Michael l’abcr.

"()‘lcury was concerned with the
drilicnlty of cvnluatiori systems."
said i‘uhcr.

I'.l’(' ('huir Iiob (iibson said that
the committee is currently in thc
loriniiig stages and that it was “too
curlyloicll"rtbouithcmnkcupofthc
commillcc.

Volkwcin said that the committee
will probably solicit
recommendations for membership
from the college C(tUllCllh and deans.
Ill addition to lil’C incnibcrs.

“Since we will he soliciting
membership. it might take up to two
weeks before we will have a
committee.“ said Volkweiii.

Voikwcin said that a decision has
not been made as to whether there
will be sttidcnt membership on the
committee.

“ t here have been many
arguments for itlid against student
participation." said Volkwciii. lie

 

—-l-iteve ()ster

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

not relinquish the names of the-

The Theta Xi Omega fraternity sponsored a rattle with a prlze of- tree
two minute shopping excursion in Shop Rite. (Photo: 8am TerllIll

to hire another exterminator. He did
so and the continuing process of
lspraying bi-wcckly was resumed.

One week after Clough called the‘
lioard of Health. the Board cafeteria
mspcctcd the kitchen and the verdict
was “that the kitchen looked fine. it
passed." said Fertig.’

l’crtig. Clough and members of
the lioard of Directors went to the
cafeteria last Tuesday night
to make their own inspection. They
concluded that “although the
problem was not completely cleaned
up. the situation was under control
and the bi-wcekly sprayings would
continue until lhnnksgiving break."
snid i‘crtig.

Last week SA President Paul
lcldnutn toured thc indinn Quad
critctcria and spoke to students.
cspiarnrog the situation to them.
l'L'lllii “did not want the situation to
gct blown up otit of proportion." rind

sllcssctl that "the

  

          

  

nation was

UAS: Roaches Just Flash In Pan

under control." “We don't want any
mass hysteria —nor any moving of
people ottt of the dorms." according
to l‘eriig.

" l'hc bi-wcckly spruyings have not
gone by the wayside." according to
L‘iough. who explained that
cockroaches are not solely attracted
to dirt. l'hey are attracted to soap,
glue. paper."

“The problem is that by spraying
the cafeteria thc roaches will evade
the insccticide by escaping up the
walls to the dormitories above. Thus
the dorms gct infested." said Clough.

l‘crtig. said that over
i hanksgiving recess, when the
dorms will be empty. the kitchen and
adjoining dorms will be logged.

Indian Quad is not the only area of
lllL' school with infestation
problems. lhc plant department
constantly goes out on trouble calls
new» the uriipu

A committsels eino ore toetermtnohowto avaiuateiaeultynnd
provide incentives for good teaching. (Photo: Ronnie Buckman)

:iddcd thitt the anti-student
mcmbcrship friction fccls flint the
committee should be rniidc up

'cxciusively of friciilty members so

that it will have “paramount

legitimacy" among the faculty.
According to Faber. ()‘Leary said

lliiil he supportcd student

involvement on the committee and
that (iibson has requested four
students it) bcrccommendedto him.

“ that doesn't mean that there will
be foiir students on this committee."
said Faber. “However. i couldn‘t see
students not being on the
committee."

 

NOVEMBER 21, 1978'

ALBAN Y STUDENT PRESS

PAGE THREE

 

