 

    

’ I l":

     

   
    
 
    
  
   

, V«.—-vv<

 

 

PRINC€§§ LUA I

 

.,a r . ‘

 

 

. v , ttwvt-w,» . ,..y....,-.\ p.»

suMMEtt Joe's
CAMP DIPPIKILL

Manual labor consisting primarily of firewood cutting.
carrying and stacking. trail construction and maintenance:
mason's. carpenter’s and roofsr's assistant. painting and
staining. and many other miscellaneous maintenance
tasks.

2 laborer positions
1 foreman position

W

Camp Dippikill. 70 miles north of SUNYA. in the southern
Adirondack Mountains. near Warrenaburg. New York.

10 weeks - June 6 through Aug. 11. 1978

student Laborers - sued/summer . 32.90/ hr.
Student Foreman - Sumo/summer - 833.76] hr.

Albany State undergraduate students having paid
student tax.

The applicant must be in top physical condition, show
experience in working in a forest environment distant from
towns and cities. and have some knowledge and experience
relevant to the job description.

Camp Dippiklll is located 70 miles north of Albany on
Rome 28 near the hamlet of The Glen. Lodging for the job
period will be provided without extra charge at The Glen
House. A car is strongly recommended as the nearest town
for supplies such as food. gasoline. laundry. etc.. is 8 miles
away. Board is NOT provided but complete cooking
facilities are available.

A  Applications may be picked up In the BA office (CC 346)
and must be returned to that office no later titan Friday.
April 21. 1978.

 

Required for top applicants.

Given on or before Friday. April28, 1978. Acomplete list
of alternates and those not qualified will be posted in the SA
office on April 28.

 

h

Continued from the previous page

The audience was asked to leave the
theater. But. time ran out and the theater
smashed to smitherines. Well, not really.
but there was quite an explosion on stage.
A wire fence came doivn on the stage and
a punk rocker came out to sing “I Was a
Punk Before You Were a Punk.“ My eyes
couldn‘t believe it! It was the famous
Johnny Punker and the Dirt Boxes live at
the Palace. What a treat! A punk version
of "I Saw Here Standing 'l‘here"ccmplctc
with chain saw was a masterpiece!

Then the real starofthe show came out.
It was Quay Lude. He hasa subscription
of four Iudes a day. He sang “Born
Crazy," and downed several beers.
Suddenly he grew as tall as Uncle Sam
and asked the audience to clapalong. The
Tubes then left the stage.

Of course an encore followed. Fee said
“Let‘s hear it for me! Any requests? How
about a Paul Anka reggae song! No. how
a bout ‘Whitc l’unks on Dope‘."

By LINDA FUGAZZI

ircctor Paul Muzursky‘s latest

release. An Unmarried

Woman. has caused critics

nationwide to sing songs of

praise about its female lcztd,
Jill Clayburgh. and most hailing it as the
picture of I978. It is so good. in fact. that
Muzursky plans to attend the Cannes
International Film Festival and, wait
around to see if hc won. according to one
local reviewer.

An Unmarried Woman is an American
film with depth. marvelous photography,
and superb acting from virtually ever
member ofthe case. The story is about the
dissolution of a marriage and the
rcbuildingofa life. Erica and Martin have
been married l7 years. 'l'heyjogtogcthcr.
enjoy sex at least twice a week. have a
lovely I5 year old daughter named Paula.
and live in a penthouse apartment with a
stunning view of the Manhattan skyline.

Erica dances with delight in an eztrly
scene ~ rcvcling in her sheltered security.
Martin is afraid of growing old. and is
also short-tempered. pampered. loving.
kind, and secretly in love with a young
woman he met in Bloomingdale's lust
ycar.

In what is being touted as one of the
most moving scenes ever filmed, Martin
and Erica are shown walking together in
downtown Manhattan. They have just
had lunch. and Erica is planning their
summer at the shore. Suddenly Martin
begins to weep and blurts out that he is so
sorry. but he is in love with another
woman and wants a divorce.

Erica's animated face freezes in
anguished disbelief. She speaks two
sentences. “You tell Paula," and
vchcmcntly. “Was she ti good ltty'!“ She
turns and walks rapidly. like a wound-up
woodcn doll. in thc oppositc direction.
Sltc stops it block ltttcr to rctch and vomit
against it lnmppost. This shattering
moment is felt by every member of the
nudicncc.

Director Mazursky. who also wrote the
screenplay. handles with great skill the
difficult transition from the happy
woman in love with her husband to the
betrayed. frightened divorcee. We
wonder in the beginning why Erica did

 

 

 

 

a under] b Student Association

 

. ﬂab:

 

not rage and weep more, for she appears
to be more rcstgned and defeated than

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

‘Outrageotis’ Tubes,

  

Yeaaahhhlll“ They played a lengthy but
nowhere near boring, version of the song
which was highlighted - by an entire
column of speakers falling on Fee! The
T.V.'s on stage ﬂashed a “Please Stand
By“ slide. The entire cast took a how. The
show was over.

Now to some facts. The Tubes consist
of Fee Waybill on lead vocals. Roger
Stcen (the emcee) on guitars and vocals,
Prairie Prince on drums. Vince Welnick
on keyboards and vocals, Michael Cotton
on synthesizers. and Re Styles on vocals.
All are adequate musicians and great
actors. The point is the Tubes are not to
be taken seriously!

They are a full fledged show. to he
cnjoycd as such. Their usc of
audiovisunls. characters. dttncc ttnd othcr
outrageous things makes them unique,
It‘s well worth the bucks to sccthc Ittbcs‘.
you‘ll be singing their tuncs and laughing
for hours afterward!

Clayburgh Sparkles in
‘Unmarried Woman’

angry. when ttngcr fimtllj surlnccx. III at
confrontation scene with Mtll’llll Ill his
officc. the audience nudiny sighs. clcttrl)
hoping she will take him to Iltsk \\Illt
vengeance.

Erica has loving and supportivc \totttt-n
friends who all have problems \\1Ill mcn
and life. Scenes with thc wotncn ittc
comical and poignant in turn. lhc} nllt‘tl
articulate hard truths about \tott‘.ctt'~
difficult position in today's world. it’tih
and insecurities arc candidly rcxcnlcd
One friend admits. tcarl'ully. thttt h)
"sleeping around" in search of love and an
end to loneliness she has. instead. lost hct
her self-confidence and self-esteem.

Therc are scenes in the analyst's olltcc
which are powerful. if stereotypcd. llcic
Erica finally rages and wccps and tclls
silly stories about her ritcs of puhcrty

Finally, she gathers hcr courttgc illlti
somcwhut desperately confronts nlcn and
the "new morality" whcrc dztttng ttnd scx
are synonymous. Her cncottntcrs \HIlt n
boorish sculptor and her "cxpcrimcnts"
us she calls them. of “making lovc to mcn
ldon't lovc."urc witty. yct inhcrcntl) and

Alan Bates plays Saul. ttn artist who
becomes her lover. Bates is duslnngh
scrubby. and uttcrly convincing to n
tcndcr genius who is just chauvimstic
enough to ttdd new dimensions to hcr ltlc
and her dilemma. It is too bad his rolc is
so short, for her is totally bclicvablc tlIlti
incredibly sexy and provocative,

The photography is crisp and often
shows New York City at its sparkling
best. Panning diagonal shots of hlillci)
skyscrapers and strcct sccncs fillcd \th
color and movement are interspersed
with the appropriate action. The villi“
vastncss and its rcstlcss motion odd to
feelings of fear and loneliness.

Some critics have said this is not :1
“women‘s picture" and by thc old
deﬁnition of the tcrm. it is not. It is IIIUW
than romance and tears; it is a film about
people. and one pcrson in pttrttclllill
Erica's readjustment occurs Within A
believable framework of hllllliln
relationships.

Michael Murphy, who plays Mutt”!-
uttains a painful dignity in the end»
because. though we are angry and
disapprove of his actions. he is all of tn.
male or female; anyone who hats ctct

 

 

made a ghostly mistake.
___J
PAGE 4A

 

  

  

   

Genet’s ‘Maids’: '

Disappointing

By MICHAEL P.FRIED

he Lab Theatre of SUNYA‘s

Performing Arts Center was

the scene of the performance

of Jean Genet‘s absurd play,

The Maids. I arrived at the
Lab Theatre and waited to see the
opening night performance this past
Tuesday.

The Maids is the story of two French
maids. both sisters. who throughout the
course of the play: take on the roles of
Madame and maid; attempt to poison the
real Madame; prove themselves Icsbinns
and/or prostitutes; ttnd lead up the death
ol the younger sistcr.

The play ilsell is vcry contrived and
confusing. but not being litmilinr with the
works of (icnet. l lcnt this toward mis-
tt‘ztnsltttion (Gcnct is l'rcnclt). thn I
first left thc tltctttrc. l was totally
disttppoitttcd towards thc cntirc play;
howcvcr. upon rctrospcction. I did find it
fcw things that I did likc about thc
pcrformttncc.

First arc the uctrcsscs. lltcrc were only
thrcc. so liner notes lor this ttrticlc wcrc
not numcroUs. lhc first character is
Mnduntc (played by Debbie Land).
Mndnmc is tltc typc of character that
Ilctty Whitc could have pluycd a la Suc
Ann Nivcns (from Mary Tyler Moorc).
She was the confirmcd cgotist. who
thought she was thc ccntcr of world
ttctivity. Miss Land plnycd thc role the
wary 1 would have cnvisioncd it; however.
it was ttot good cnough. l fch somc ofthe
lnult not only lics with Miss Land. but
with the director, .lttrku M. Burian.

Thc problem with Mr. Burinn‘s
dirccting was that tt was too flat. He did
not mnkc tltc role of Mttdnmc stand out
tltc way it should ltnvc. sincc. cvcn though
it is not a major rolc. it is the most
important rolc in thc play and therefore
should lutvc bccn dircctcd that way. Miss
Land. however. did have n Icg to stand on.
Dcspitc poor dircction. shc shoch that
she could withstand ttlmosl atll cxtcrnttl
forces and pcrfortn without any major
difficulties. Shc did seem a little bit stiff.
but I grant that any performer is stiff on
opcning night. so I could very wcll see her
gctting hcr act togcthcr bcforc the show is

OVCI‘.

 

SUNYA Lab Theatre's productlon o
performances by actresses

PAGE 5A

The role of Claire was played with
bitchincss by Lisa Ettingcr. who is
incidentally. a freshman theatre major.
The character of Claire was that of a total
bitch (as previously mentioned);
however. Miss Ettinger played the role
with too much exuberance. She would
throw her arms out to her side. look up
and speak as if she were conversing with
God.

At times. she would look totally
foolish. yet when she was together with
her sister Salongc and she was locking
horns. shc proved herself to be a
competent actress who should not have to
pltty in a poorly written pltty such as this
onc.

My favorite character in the play was
Snlongc. who was played magnificently
by llilttric Dclman. Miss Dclman played
hcr role as the older maid with full
cmotions. at times ficry and at times shy
illld fcttrful. She really proved hcrsclf to
bc thc protagonist of the play (i.c.. thc
lcndcr on whose actions rcstcd the
outcome of thc play). Unlike the other
tWo nctrcsscs. Miss Dclmun was not stiff.
She was flexible and she uscd the wide
rnngc of emotions that every actor and
ttctrcss must possess. I do not know ifhcr
stylc contcs naturally front acting classes
or if shc was directed to do so by Jnrku
liurinn. In either case. someone is to bc
congrntulntcd for teaching her the canons
of acting. She is annctrcss parcxccllcncc.

Thc dircction of Mr. Buriun is not till
bttd: I‘m sorry if I guvc that impression
bclorc. Mr. Iiurinn did not huvc thc
grctttcst play in the world to work on ttnd
kccping in mind what he was Working
with. he did it job that is by no means
poor. A case in point: when Solangc and
Clttirc try to poison Madame with the tcn.
hc brings in a stnttll hit of clttssic comedy.
As Mndttmc lifts thc cup of poisoned ten
to Itcr mouth, Solnngc and Claire wait in
cttgcrncss for Itcr to drink it. Howcvcr.
whcn shc isjustnbout to drink it. she pulls
it away lrotn hcr mouth. making tltctwo
maids l'ccl t.'\'t.‘It tnorc anxious.

()vcrall. tltc play was boring. Had it
bccn morc undcrstundttblc. I think I
might have cnjoycd it more. yct despite
the pcrlormanccs of Miss Dclman and
Miss Iittingcr. thc play just did not fare
too well.

i Jean Gsnet's "The Mslds" ptovldea solid
Lisa Ettlngsr and Hllotls Delman.

ALBANY ITUDINT PRIIB

 

 

A  in Beautiful  ‘7. i ;'

ass M0NTREA-L see

0630

Saturday, April '29, 1978

Bus leaves Administration Circle - 8 AM.
Leaves Montreal - 11 PM. 

$7.50 - Sophomore dues payers
$10.00 - Non-sophomores

Tickets can only be purchased from the following people:

State Quad

Colonial Quad
Toni Burns. Cooper 306-2. 7-409l

Rich Walsh. Dclttnccy 3064. 7-8730
Mnrk littldwm. Livingston 2002-3. 7-7553

Dutch Quad
\lttrctts l.ttbtttkin. Scltttylcr ZOO-l. 178,18

Indian Quad
llowic Berger. ()ncidn l02-2. 7-5lli2
.Iocl Korn. Onondttgn 109-3. 7-5233
Alumni Quad
“IIIIIIIL‘ Ilotvcrs. Aldctt .120. 472-5138

 

 

 

 

mic»
AWARENESS DAY

ondopenmeeting

April 19, 'l 978
Campus Center Ballroom
starts 10 am.

University and public invited

Try a wheelchair.

Films, demonstrations.

Try a cone.
Wheelchair basketball

2:30 Open Meeting on University services
to individuals with disablities.
Comments welcome.

FOR INFORMATION CALL
457-1295

SAhnbd

 

APRIL 1‘. ma

 

