   
 
  
     
  
  
 
  
 
     
  
  

    
 

llti:.t‘.tit lltt:.litttt|t-' lf)t):.t‘;tit



   

cilia Haber,
Russell Ward and Mark LaGory.

 ' who were seriously injured in a car
1 '- crash Wednesday. are now listed in

1 fair condition in Albany Medical
Hospital.
’ They had been patients in the

' 1 Intensive Care Unit there and were

listed in serious condition following
the accident.

“Ward may be returning to
teaching soon — in the next three
weeks.“ said Sociology Department
Chair Ronald Farrell, “but LaGory‘s
returning [this semester] isjust out of
the question."

They are both scheduled to teach
in the summer and in the fall.
according to Farrell.

“There‘s no reason to believe they
won't be back by summer." said
Farrell. “They're both showing
steady improvement."

 

 

 

 

  

. ' Hlble’s
Dell 8: Caterers

f-llble’e announces new store
opening

212 Western ﬁve.

(of! Quail. across !mm the Gui! Station)

    
      
    
   
    
  
   

Next to the Lampost. just a. hop. skip.
and. a jump from The Lampost,
Frank’s, WT’s, and Holden’s

 
 
   
   
   

And, of coats . we '11 still be delivering Albany’s best

 

subs and sandwiches right to your mom....

   
 

465-7322

485-7322

 

"Some people think Anny Nurdng h the riﬂe range
and pulling ILI'. It's really llllllllll how little
they know."

—l.ieutenent Mary Ann Hepner

   
 
   
   
   
   
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   
   
 

“Though I'm an Army Nurae. I can also urru tilde
Interesta like dress-designing and railing. P a on

“One of the pluses of Army Nuralng la the nature of
the nuns/patient relationship. I don't treat patients like
numbera. I follow thelr progreee. I visit them after the
acute part of their lllneea Ia over. They are so appreciative.
It a really part of a nurse's lab to help the patient through
an Illneu.

"To me. it's an important lob . . . My family la very
proud of me. I'm the first person in the family to loin the
military.

“The Army la a place of self-discovery. It’s a total
learning experience."

If you'd like to loin Mary Ann llepner in the Army
Nurse Corps. here are a few facts you should know. Army
Nursing is open to both men and women. under the age
3:. with BSN degrees. Every Army Nurse la a commie-
sioned either.

You are not requhed It; go through the Army's
:zzndard baalcvtralnhgzhlratead you attend a basic orienta-

n course. our n t tour is three e -
to try.the lob on for tire. y .n In" "'0th

For more information about opportunities for Re -
iatered Nurses In the Army Nurse Corps. you may writel:
Army Nurse Opportunities. Northeast Region. U.S. Army
Recruiting Commend. Fort George G. Meade. Ml) 20755.
Or, you may telephone tile nearest Army Nurse
Opportunities office. (.‘ell collect to . . .

In Boston: sinus-coco. Eat. in

In New Vorh: 2l2-9l6-76l3

In l'lttaburghi ell-6444!“

In Pbuadelphllt Ill-591$!"

In Baltimore-Washington. D.C.: Johan-soot

 

Ash for information about . . .

The Army Nurse Corps

 

WCDB Gets
New Chief

by Steve Brackctt

WCDB—FM will have a new chief
executive next year. David Reisman
has been elected by the station's
executive staff to succeed General
Manager Paul Roscnthal.

According to Rosetttbal. who
graduates this year. Reismttn will

assume general manager
responsibilities sometime next
month.

"He‘ll work alongside me for
about a month." Roscnthal said.
“which will leave enough time before
the end of the year to work out any
difficulties." Roscntbal added that.
with this transition period. Reisman
will become more familiar with the
job. before assuming the new
position.

“We‘re hoping for May l to bciltc
latest take-overdutc." Reismtin said.
Reisman. who is presently
production director. will be involved
in various managerial duties once ltc
assumes control of tltc station.
Roscnthal said.

"He‘ll perform the sitmcjobsthut I

did. such as consulting with

university and community offices."
Roscttthal added.

Rcismau said that he would like to

take advantage "ofall the things that

a university offers. l'd like a more

extensive personnel training

program next year.“ he said.

Withdrawal

mmiuucd front page om-
transcript.

Thc survey also showed that the
deunsat Harvard. Cornell. NYU and
Yale law schools all said that "W's"
on an applicant's transcript were
viewed unfavorably. In addition. the
deans also said they did not look into
a particular school's withdrawal
policy before making that
judgcirtcttt.

The following schools listed as
having a drop policy which excluded
W's form the transcript. ttltftottgh
some htid shorter drop periods titan
SUNYA.2 Columbia. Cornell.
Dartmouth. liitrvard. Mi'l'.
Princeton. SUNY Hinghamton.
SUNY llttffalo. SUC llrockport.
SUC Purchase. UCLA, University
of California itt Berkeley. and the
University of Wisconsin.

R V IN NEW
YORK CITY
aelumbta Unlveralty often over .160

undergraduate. graduate and pmlualouet
oottraea.

school
Write for bulimia: Summer Benton.
valuable University
In- an: _ . . .

MY NYI

 

 

  
 

 

FAG. W0 ' '

 

 ITUDIN'I‘ FRIES

t

l

s

VAssistant Sociology Professors"

 
 
  

   
   
  
   
 

Traneltel Breaking Ties With South Africa
UMTA‘I‘A. 'I'ranahel (AP) Transkei. South Africa's ﬁrst independent tribal
homeland. said Monday that it was breaking diplomatic relations with its
creator and would pressa “struggle for Iiberation"toward black rule in white-
governed South Africa. Transitei's independence is recognized only by South
Africa. which plans under its policy of racial separation to consign its 19
million blacks to nine scattered homelands. Opponents of apartheid say the
existence of Transkei helps perpetuate the dominance of South Africa by its
4.5 million whites.

FBI Director Gray Indicted

WASHINGTON (AP) Former FBI Director L. Patrick Gray lit and two
other key FBI officials were indicted Monday in connection with blIl‘L'itU
wire-tappings and break-ins. Attorney General Griffin B. Bell. announcing
the indictments at a news conference, said the charges arose frotn l'ltl
activities earlier in the decade when the agency was pursuing radical fugititcs,
Bell said a federal grand jury in Washington indicted Gray. former Associalc
FBI Director W. Mark Felt and former Assistant Director Edward S. Miller
on a single charge of conspiring to violate the rights of citizens. The Charge
carries a maximum penalty of IO years in prison and a ﬁne of $l(l.000.

New System of Military Retirement Urged
WASHINGTON (AP) A presidential commission Monday urged an cttd to
20-year retirements and "double-dipping" for the next generation of military
personnel. President Carter received the report saying he agrees that there iIlC
“serious defects" in the military retirement system. He said he would try to
send a bill to Congress by January to correct them. The report by lltc
President‘s Commission on Military Compensation urged a new system of
old-age pensions and deferred pay to replace the present military retirement
system. The proposal also would prohibit those who retire from gcttittg
federal pension checks while working in the federal Civil Service. a practtcc
known as double-dipping.

U.S. Hoping to Ban Killer Satellites

WASHINGTON (AP) Taking a major step on arms control. tltc Carter
administration disclosed Monday oncoming negotiations with thc Soviet
Union to ban hunter-killer satellites in space and to limit sales of Wcilpttlts
throughout the world. Announcing the separate talks. Secretary of State
Cyrus RJVance told the American Society of Newspaper Editors that “arms
control. pursued in a deliberate and measured way. will Conlrlblllt,‘
signiﬁcantly to reducing the prospect of war.“ The administration‘s moycs.
which parallel a renewed drive for it U.S.-Soviet treaty to limit offcttsnc
nuclear weapons. follow a blistering attack by Soviet President i.L‘t)ll|(l
llrti'izhncv. who suggested President Carter was giving ground to ililftl-lillcls
at ome.

Brezhnev Returns Alter Border Tour

MOSCOW (AP) Soviet President Leonid l. Brezhnev returned to Moscow
Sunday. ending a two week whistle stop tour ofthe Chinese border region oI
Siberia. the Tass news agency said. Accompanied by Soviet Defense Minister
Dmitri F. Ustinov. Brezhnev traveled on the Trans~Siberian Railroad along
the sensitive border. stopping at a half-dozen cities to view militar:Y
installations and to encourage the development of industry.

Attempt to Overthrow Somallan Gov’t Falls
NAIROBI. Kenya (AP) Army officers inflttcnccd by “foreign powurs" trtctl
to ovcrtbrow the government of Somali President Mohanimcd Siad llill'lL‘
Sunday. but the rcvolt was quickly crushed by loyal troops. Somalia's ()lflL'lill
riidto announced. Western diplomatic sources contacted by telephone Ill
Mogadishu. capital ofthe East African nation. said gunﬁre broke ottt about
lizl5 ll.m. til the village of Afgoy. cight miles south of Mogadishu. and for
about two hours. Siad Barre said inii radio broadcast monitored here that “a
few" rebel officers and enlisted men “were immediately faced by tltc armed
forces who put their rebellion down.“ Another broadcast said later that the
attempted coup was undertaken in the interests of unidentified “fort-it!“
powers hostile to Somalia."

Body of Belgian Millionaire Found

ANTWERI’. Belgium (AP) Searchers alerted by an anonymous telcphmlv
ttp found the body of kidttttppcd multimillionttirc Baron Cltttrlcs-Vicml
liracht under it pile ofgtirbage in ii village dump Monday. Authorities Sim] "0
lutd been dead since shortly after he was abducted a month ago. cWW"
Prosecutor Julien van Hocylandt said that someone telephoned Britcht‘s son
on Sunday night. told him his father was dead and that a sketch cottld be
found near it country bridge showing the location of the body. The mull"
map directed searchers to it pond-side dump at the village of Oclcgcm. 5”
miles from the Ilracht cbtttciiu in an Antwerp suburb. Villagers and poliCL'
using scurcltlights found the body hidden under it heap of garbage.

Hundreds Indicted tor Marching Against Marcos
MANILA, Philippine! (Al') Government lawyers prepared sedition and
incitement charges today against tnore than 550 opponents of Preside!“
Ferdinand E. Marcos arrested dUrlng ii peaceful marclt mourning “the 1’0"!“
of freedom and democracy" in the Philippines. The marchers accused
lres’tdent Marcos‘ forces of fraud in National Assembly elections. The
presidential palace said leaders of the peaceful march Sunday also were beinil
Investigated "for their participation in the violent and riotous
demonstration...Thursday evening." That referred to a noisy outpourinti 0"
support for opposition candidates in Friday's National Assembly elections.
the first in 5'6 years of martial law.

APRIL 11. 1978

 

 

by J. M. Reilly

Residence Ofﬁce contracts for on
campus housing next year will allow
students to withdraw from dorm
housing after one semester. with no
penalty for breach of contract.
Housing contracts currently are
binding for the full academic year.

The l978-l979 housing contract
states that students can "release
themselves in writing for the spring
semester.“ without penalty.

Students still sign up for housing
accommodations for a full year. but
can move off campus after the fall
semester. if they file the appropriate
forms with the Residence
Management Ofﬁce by 5:00 pm. on
Dec. l. .

“The new provision is not an open
rclcnsc." according to Student
Affairs Sub Committee on

  T

 

Residences Chair Ed Timmes.

An open release. like the one 180
students took advantage of this
semester. is a special departure from
the contract stipulations granted by
the Director of Residences as a
means of providing additional beds
on campus for the coming semester.
It enables those students who want
to ‘move off campus after one
semester to do so without incurring
an assessment penalty for breaking
their contracts.

Last fall. Director of Residences
John Welty approved an open
release as a result of an anticipated
increase in demand for on campus
housing this semester.

“U nfortunately. this large demand
never materialized." said Acting
Director of Residences Henry
Kirchner. As a result. there were

UPS/ANTHONV TASSAIOITI

According to Stipend Committee chairperson Paul Jeffrey. the SA
president her six days to veto the etlpende resolutions.

   

     

over 1004 unﬁlled beds at the
beginning of this semester. Kirchner
said.

The decision to allow an open
release is made by the Director of
Residences after an assessment is
made of the number of students
seeking on campus housing versus
the number currently in dormitories
wanting to move off campus. The
number of incoming transfer
students expected to request on
campus housing is also a factor
considered.

“It’s primarily a question of
supply and demand.“ said Timmes.
“The Residence people took a slight
risk last semester [in offering an
open release period]. The University
stands to lose a little money under
the new contract if the beds aren‘t
fille 

by Denise Lenci

Over four months after it initially
adopted a stipend policy. Central
Council has passed resolutions for
ten SA stipends. Four have been

‘ granted. and six more are currently

awaiting approval by SA President
Dave Gold.
Four stipends passed Mar. 29 will

A soon be awarded to Albany State

Cincma‘s director. Torch editor-in-
chief. and the presidents of WIRA
and AMIA. The remaining six were
passed by Central Councilon April 5
aitd would go to University Concert
Board‘s chair. vice chair. attd
treasurer; Speaker‘s Forum's chair
and treasurer. and Vicwpoint‘s
editor. Gold said Sunday he had not
yet considered what action he would
take on these six.

Last October. Central Council
adopted a stipend policy which sct
guidelines for dctertnining if a

Woman Appointed Oswego Pres

by Artist Smith

lhc rcccttt appointment of
Virginia Ritdlcy as SUC ()swcgo
president marks tltc first titnc a
woman ever hcld thc clticl post on a
SI'NY campus.

Ritdlcy. who has served its Acting
Slit‘t) President since fortitci‘
Prcsidcnl James Pcrduc resigned
last March. said she feels that more
needed iii the
of S U N Y‘s

women arc
administration
campuses.

“it‘s been a very. very slow
proccs " she said. “I‘ve been a dean
itt three different colicch and a
provost iti two. Why should it take
so long‘.’ We ltttvc many very gifted
womctt within the system. I can't
answer it."

Ratllcy was one of more thttn forty
applicants considered for tltc
position by SUCO‘s six—tttcittbcr
Presidential Search (‘ommtttcc.
composed of students.
administrators. faculty. and lllllllllll.
The Committee I‘ccotttincntlctl
scvcrnl candidates to SUCO‘s
('ollcgc ('ottnctl. whtclt narrowed
down the list of candidates to it
handful ol finalists. lltc few
remaining candidates were reviewed
by SllNY's llourd of lrustees and
SUNY ('httnccllor Clifton Wharton.

Riltiicy said that site was unaware
of her status as it finalist titttil
interviewed by Wharton.

Students. administrators, non-
teaching professionals. faculty.
alumni. and SUCO Civil Service
employees were among groups
which cottductcd interviews with
Radlcy.

APRIL 11. 1978

 

“I‘m not sure it‘s good." site said of
the constant rounds of q ticstiotts and
answers. “l‘tn itot sure how much a
human being cati stand tltc day-to-
day business of the college." she said.
“Maybe if you‘re tin cxtcrnul
candidate. just coming to look over
lltc place. it would be diffct‘cnt.“

The goal that Radlcy says sltc
hopes to rcttclt during her five-year
tcrtn is the establishment of a
cttrriculum tltat will addrcss student
needs “and not student or faculty
whims."

This will ltavc been accomplished.
she said. when every SUCO graduate
is able to rctid and write well. has
sotnc appreciation of the fine arts.
titid sortie ttpprcciittiott of cultures
other than his or her own.

According to Rttdiey. SUCO's
lorciitost problem over tltc next few
years will probably continue to bc
decreasing enrollment. Just tltrcc
years ago. however. SUL‘O's student
housing situation was similar to that
currently bciitg experienced at
SUNYA.

Quality Education

“Wc ltttd triples galore." she said.
“Our primary purpose here is quality
tindcrgradutttc cducatiott. Tripling
has made this difﬁcult."

Althouin SUCO's student
attrition rtitc - the percentage of
students who drop out or transfer ’-
is presently tit tltc national average of
50 per cent. Radlcy hopes to lower it
to lb per cent dttring her term of
office.

"Our attrition rate has to be
worked on. carefully and
methodically." she said. “We‘ve got

good students ltere and we've got to
keep thcnt ltcrc. Frankly. I'm sorry
we have any attrition rate."

"If you‘ve got to bc a pioneer. I'll
be a pioneer.“ said Radley. "Hut
thcrc are times wltcn the piottccr
feels like lowcritig tltc boom."

   
 

 
  
  
  
   
  
   
   
  
  
    
  
 
   
 
       
     
    

  

Last fall. Director of Reeldettce John may Momentum;

   

as a result of an anticipated demand for on canipua housing.

Council Passes Stipend Resolutions

stipend should be given. and how
much. to leaders of SA funded
organizations. A stipend committee
was formed at the beginning of the
spring semester to review stipeitd
applications and make
recommendations to Central
Council.

Earlier this semester. Central
Council passed a group of stipend
recommendations which were
vetoed by Gold. Gold said he vetoed
the stipends because more
documentation was needed tojustify
the stipends. and because the
stipends were too high.

The Stipend Committee hits
encountered problems in working
with a new stipend policy. Gold said
he is not happy with the amount of
time Central Council is spending on
reviewing stipend decisions. which
he says should be made within the
committee.

“There is no foolproof panacea for
stipends. The policy ttnd committee
is an improvement." he said.

Central Council Chairperson
Mike Lissncr said the cotnmittce is
working below potctttiitl. “They
ltuvc the hardcstjob and are the most
unimportant committee in Central
Council."

Lissncr said the committee must
deal with personalities when making
its decisions. He said stipcn'd

decisions must be based on the
individuals‘ work and on
documentation of that work. (A
thorough investigation into each
case takes a great deal of time. he
said.

Speakers Forum Treasurer Peter
Michaels said he applied for a
stipend of $125 for the fall semester.
and of Sl00 for the spring semester.
Central Council passed a stipend of
$40 per semester for Michaels.
Michaels said he felt the committee
is not Working well. and that the
policy should be revamped.

University Concert Board Vice
Chair Jeff Stern applied for Sl50 per
semester. Central Council passed a
stipend ofSSO per semester for Stern.
Stern also said the stipend policy
should be changed. He said a base
ﬁgure should be set for certain
positions. Stern said the individual
filling that position should be
eligible for more than the base figure
depending on his performance.

Stipend committee Chair Jeffrey
said there should be no base ﬁgures.
“The policy was left vague to insure
flexibility so the people who are
doing the work will get the money."
Jeffrey said the committee asked
members of an applicant's
organization about the amount and
quality of work done by the
applicant to aid in its decisions.

UAS Offers Dippikill House to SA

by John Moran

UAS has offered to donate to SA
the tctt bedrootn Glen House. which
it currently spends over $lil.00() a
year to operate.

SA President Dave Gold. who
said he wtiittcd to kccp the facility
open. indicated that SA might httvc
problems absorbing the costs of
opcration.

The Glctt House is located on a
three ticrc plot of luttd adjacent to
Camp Dippikill. on SA owned
fiicility loctttcd ttbotit 60 miles north
of SUNYA. The house. valued by
Dippikill manager Rick Nelson at
$40.000. is often rented by students
for wcckcnds.

Deﬁcit Problem

Gold said. “We are considering
the proposal. Our main purpose is to
keep Glen House open for students.
The only problem is the yearly deficit
of 310.000. As you know we‘re
having a problem with our budget.
We don't know if we can incur the
“0.000 loss per year."

According to UAS General
Manager E. Norbert Zahm. UAS
spends between Si I.000 and “2.000

a year operating the Glen House.

This money covers insurance.
repairs. carctakcr‘s salary. and other
expenses.

Gold said. “If UAS can contribute
toward the yearly expenditure.
thcrc'd be a better chance of
accepting it."

Zahm said he and Gold had not
ntct to discuss the proposal. “I
haven't talked to Dave Gold about
it. We've made an offer and we
expect them to acpcpt it. or to
propose it different one.“

Zahm said the deal hasn't been
proposed iit writing by UAS. Hcsuid
ltc wants to see if both sides can come
to an agreement before UAS
officially makes it proposal to-SA.

Zahm said earlier that UAS
wanted to give Glen House away iii
iln effort to cut back on cxpcnsef and
have Dippikill and Glen House
operated as one unit.

Nelson says if SA owned both
Dippikill and Glen House it would
“save on operating costs and lead to
more business. because all
reservations would be made out of
tltc same [SA] ofﬁce."

ALBANY BTUDINT PRICE

 

According to Nelson. when
students go to reserve Dippikill from
SA. the are never told that they can
rent Glen House; when a student
goes to UAS. they aren't told about
Dippikill.

Nelson talked about the condition
of Glen House. "It's in good
condition. but it needs work. It‘s 75
years old arid requires maintenance.
But UAS hasn‘t neglected it."

Condltlon Bad

Dave Gold. however, said
otherwise. “I saw the building last
montlt and the condition sucks."

Glen House recently had a
fireplace put in. the living room
enlarged. and is having a new
bathroom installed. according to
Nelson.

Nelson called 840.000 a “good
estimate“ of the worth of Glen
House.

The Glen House sleeps 24 people
in its l0 bedrooms and provider
cooking utensils. Rates run SM) a
night in the summer and $50a night
in the winter. These rates'don't cover
all the expenses involved in running
'the facility. '

no! 

 
 

