 

..  I  according: .
E ecutive Vice Chancellor James F.

Senate Finance and Assembly Ways
and Means committees.
. Under questioning by members of
the two committees Kelly said the fee
“provided no resources to improve
health services. and in‘ fact the
services deteriorated during this
retrenchment period.“ He added
that the fee was instituted by the
State legislature last year. and that
the SUNY Trustees have
recommended it not be included in
the ‘78-‘79 budget.

Assistant Secretary to the
Governor for Education Henrik

, idn

budget this year.” .  .
-' Dullea did say- the Governor‘s .
Kelly. Kelly t‘t'iiade the statement 
Tuesday before a joint hearing of the

 
  

 
 

    

ofﬁce would .be. open to the
possibility of ending the fee. "If the

legislature wanted to repeal it and

make other provisions for the
money. we would talk with them. We
are quite aware of the SUNY
students concern overuthe issue.“
Dulles said. <

Frank Cuitita. a member of
Senator Ronald Stafford‘s ofﬁce.
agreed with Kelly. “This is one issue
students have a right to have
modiﬁed.“ Stafford is chair of the
Senate Higher Education
Committee.

“We' are reviewing the whole
thing. and will see if something can

be done.“ Cdttiia said.

Dulles said 'the original bill
creating the fee was contained in a
package constructed by the Ways

and Means, and Finance committees ,

last year. Money obtained from the
fee was placed into a SUNY-wide
General Fund, and thus did not
improve the health services received
by SUNY students.
Hearing Proceedings

Kelly spoke at the hearing for
approximately one hour. after an
opening statement was read by
newly-appointed SUNY Chancellor
Cliffton Wharton. Wharton turned
the proceedings over to Kelly, since
he has been Chancellor for less than
a month. Kelly was the Acting
Chancellor after Ernest L. Beyer left
the position. and held the post until
Wharton took over in January.

Student Arrested On State Quad

by Ed Gibbons

A 27-year~old SUNYA student
was arrested on State Quad
Thursday by University Police and
charged with criminal trespassing.
The student. along with several other
individuals. is also under suspicion
for the burglary of three rooms on
State Quad. and the ransacking of
washing machines in Colonial Quad.
according to University Police.

Thomas W. Simpson was

SUNYA Students Fast

by John Moran

CROP Fast ‘78 will begin today
with over 700 SUNYA students
fasting for the world's hungry.

Participants will fast up to 30
hours and have obtained sponsors
who will donate an allocated amount
of moneyto CROP foreach hour the
student fasts.

Besides the fasting and raising
money. there will be presentations.

WCDB

continued from page one
has to be why these complaints
weren‘t voiced before this time."

Falconer and Vonnegut said the
reason they didn‘t object earlier was
that they had not been informed of
the proposed construction.

"The thing I don't understand is
why no notiﬁcation or questions
were made ofihcdepartmcnttoscc if
the equipment would be compatible
before plans were made." said
Vonnegut.

Dean for Student Affairs Neil
Brown said that the department was
not originally contacted. but that the
plans had been “highly publicized in
the media. They had the
responsibility to come forward."

Brown said that after the ASRC‘s
new equipment is installed. there will
be experiments to determine
whether the signals do actually cause
interference.

“If the two are in fact in conflict."
said Brown. "Then the University
will help move WCDH. It must be
noted that WCDH has certainly
done nothing wrong. They have
gone through all the bureaucratic
channels beautifully. The University
will not interfere with WCI)II going
on the air."

Rosenthul said that if it is decided
that the transmitter will have to be
moved. it would take several
months. "Assuming we have to
move. there would have to be a study
for an alternative site. Then we

Possible alternative sites.
according to Rosenthul. include on
top of the Campus Center and on top
of the water tower.

PAGE TWO

apprehended by University Pcliceas
a result of a complaint issued by two
students who told University Police
he entered their room uninvited.
According to SUNYA Assistant
Director of Police John Henighan.
University Police have suspected
several men. including Simpson in
connection with burglaries on State
Quad last month. “We have’ about
ﬁve or six suspects. both students
and non-students. Some of them

films. discussions. and
entertainment tonight and Saturday
in the Campus Center. These
activities will help the fasters and
everyone interested to learn more
about the problem of world hunger
and what is being done about it.

“The idea is to make people aware
of the problem and hopefully spur
them to action. and at the same time
make a very tangible contribution to
those who are hungry today." Fast
organizer Ed Grifﬁn said.

Fasting students will be
experiencing hunger while learning
about this problem and earning
money to help ﬁght it.

“Last year less than 200 students
fasted and they raised $34( ."
reported Griffin. After last year's
fast students formed People and
Food. an organization whose
purpose is to “keep the hunger issue
alive on campus.“ according to
Grifﬁn. The forty people in this
group have been planning for this
year's fast since last year. which
accounts for the 500 student
increase.

The money raised through the fast
will be sent to CROP. which will give

were just party crashers. Most of
what we know is just a hunch. but
we‘re pretty sure they had legitimate
access to these rooms. Keys weren‘t
involved.”

Henighan also said he can‘t rule
out Simpson and the other
individuals as suspects in the
vandalizing of washing machines
last semester.

University Police said Simpson's
case is pending in court.

For CROP

25 per cent to the Albany area. These
funds go to Mercy House and
Lwanga House. which give people in
need. food and a place to stay. Mercy
House and qupga House are fully
dependent on cbntributions.

The other 75 percent ofthe funds
go overseas to lesser developed
countries. or to other international
hunger fighting agencies to which
sponsors may designate their gifts
instead of CROP.

CROP is the Community Hunger
Appeal branch ofthe Church World
Service. The C WS is a cooperative
agency which combines the efforts of
30 denominations to help people in
great need. The funds scnt overseas
by CROP are for food. farming
technology. equipment. and
emergency aid for any disaster at
home or abroad.

Griffin talked about the fact that
there is enough food for everyone
whilc mziiiy problems interfere with
it getting to people.

"When someone comes to realize
that there is cnotigh food in the
world to feed us all yet people are
dying.“ he said. “then it becomes
very uncomfortable not to act."

Students Picket Legislature

t'vlllfllul’ll/i‘lllll page one

Dresser said hc hopes the Alliance
remains a viable organization which
will “raise the political consciousness
on campus“ and act as a permanent
unified front that can effectively
lobby on certain issues A’l' SUNYA.
particularly ﬁnancial aids.

SASU Legislative Director David
Coync said that the student lobbying
is important' because "it gives us
some feedback. it lets us know who
we can and cannot count on for
support on these issues."

This week's lobbying effort was
associated with the SASU regional
lobbying program. where
delegations are sent from different
SUNY schools to lobby in Albany
each week.

SASU cumpus organizing intern
Bob Cohen cited several

ALBANY preparer PRESS

developments he felt were a “direct
result of student lobbying efforts.“
Among these were last week's press
release from Assembly Minority
Leader l’crry Duryca callingforthe
retroactive repeal of the health fee.
as well as a statement by James
SUNY Executive Vice Chancellor
James Kelly on Tuesday which
challenged the validity of the health
fcc. 'l'chty students representing
the Student Alliance attended the
meeting at which Kelly made the
statement as the first official action
by the group.

According to Kathy Baron. one of
the principal achievements of this
week‘s lobbying was “the face-to-
face confrontation of students and
legislators." as well as the
“establishment of Student Alliance
as it politically effective presence."

     
   
   
  

Flu Immunisation In the Works .
WASHINGTON (AP) HEW Secretary Joseph A. Caltfano Jr. today
proposed a SIS-million federal program to help states set up annual flu
immunization programs aimed at the chronically ill and elderly. The goal will
be to at least double the number of persons in this high-risk group who
receive flue shots each year. Only 3.4 million of the40 million Americanssaid
to be in the high-risk category now receive annual ﬂu shots from private
physicians. Califano said. The federally backed program. scheduled to start
next fall, will employ a trivalent. or three-pan, Vaccine that thl protect
against the Russian flue us well as the A-Victoria and A-Texas strains. the
secretary of health. education and welfare said.

FBI Examines a House Democrat

WASHINGTON (AP) Newly released documents show Rep. Daniel Flood.
D-Pa.. took an interest in State Department contracts granted to a
foundation head who allegedly paid Flood 559.000 for his inﬂuence. It was
also disclosed Wednesday that the FBI is examining the contracts in what
appears to be a widening investigation into allegations of inﬁ uence-peddling
and obstruction of justice by Flood, a senior Hause Democrat. The latest
investigation involves Sl6.6 million in contracts granted by the Agency for
International Development. without competitive bidding. to Airlic
Foundation and an arm of George Washington University. both groups
headed by a Dr. Murdock Head.

Coal Negotiations Still Slow

WASHINGTON (AP) Efforts to negotiate an end to the 80-day-old coal
strike appear once again on the verge of collapse with the coal industry
rejecting the United Mine Workers‘“bottom-Iine"contract proposal as unfit
for a nationwide agreement. The Bituminous Coal Operators Association
said early yesterday it remained ready to resume talks with the union. but
declared that in view of the UMW‘s bargaining position. more negotiations
“hardly seemed fruitful." The main industry bargaining group issued its
statement several hours before Labor Secretary Ray Marshall and White
House officials were scheduled to meet in un early-morning session "to
determine a future course of action.“

Cyprus Officials Forced to Leave

CAIRO. Egypt(AP) All Cypriot diplomats and other government officials in
Egypt were packing to leave yesterday following President Anwar Sudan’s
rupture of relations over the Larnaca Airport shootout. The Foreign
Ministry summoned the Cypriot ambassador Wednesday and told him to
close his embassy in Cairo and the consulate in Alexandria and to leave along
with his staff and other representatives of the Nicosia government. [he
eviction notice was served after Sadat. speaking at rites for thc l5 Egyptian
commandos killed in the battle Sunday. called President Sypros Kypriiinou
of Cyprus a "dwarf" and said: “Our recognition of him as president of the
republic. and he hears me now. is withdrawn its of today.“

Webster Takes Charge of FBI

WASHINGTON (AP) William H. Webster ofﬁcially took charge ofthe l‘lil
yesterday. hoping to polish the bureau‘s tarnished image and make it a model
of law enforcement once again. President Carter planned to attend the
afternoon swearing-in ceremony in the FBI building that is named for J
Edgar Hoover. the symbol ofthe bureau's past. Chichusiicc Warren HUl‘gL‘l
was to administer the oath of ofﬁce. Webster. a federal appeals courtjudgt'.
becomes director ill a difﬁcult time for the bureau. Iis once-unquestioned
reputation as the nation‘s premier law enforcement agency has been
tarnished by disclosures of illegal or improper acts by Fill ngcnis. including
break-ins. illegal wiretaps and political harassment.

Little to Return to North Carolina

NEW YORK (AP) Fugitive Joan Little was contittucd free in $5|.t)00 hiIII
yesterday when she was arraigned on an extradition warrant signed by (iov
Hugh Carey to return her to North Carolina and a Raleigh prison. Jusilc‘t'
Sybil Hurt Koopcr questioned Miss Little about her intention to continuc
through the judicial prouess in view of her statement that she Would “rather
die" than go back to North Carolina.

New Defensive Weapons Proposed

WASHINGTON (AP) The Pentagon's top scientist yesterday propmcd 1'
spending boost to push development of new weapons that could dcslrtt)
attacking missiles and hostile enemy satellites with highly concentrated hishl
beams. William J. Perry, Defense Department research chief. said lhc
Russians are makinga major development effort but that“overull. we bchcu'
the US. and the U.S.S.R. high energy laser programs are roughly equal 1”
the present time.“ Although Perry's annual report to Congress avoided any
rhetoric about a race with the Soviet Union for exotic futuristic weaponﬁ. it
competition betwacn the United States and the Soviet Union has been under
:iva'yfor some time behind a wall of secrecy that has obscured many "I '1‘“

e at s.

Miller's Word Questioned

WASHINGTON (AP) Textron Chairman G. William Miller‘s chances of
heading the Federal Reserve Board rest on whether the Senate believes hc
told the truth about a Textron payment to an Iranian ﬁrm. The issue huh
nothing to do with monetary policy. bunk regulation. interest rates. inlluium
or unemployment—matters that Miller must deal with if he is confirmed it)
succeed Arthur Burns as the nation's central banker. Rather. the Sunni“
Banking Committee wants to question Miller about his sworn testimony at
his confirmation hearing last month that he knew nothing about the r010 "i
the Iranian air force's commandcrvin~chicf in the award of a $500 million
contract to Bell Helicopter. an important Textron subsidiary.

FEBRUARY 24. 1978

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

by G. Pascal‘Zschsry ' ,

Central Council‘s three-week old
liar Bus Project may be discontinued.
this weekend. because none of the
bars involved have agreed to help
finance it. ' 7 ' _

Thenprojeci. unanimously
approved by Central Council Dec. 7.
was given initial funding of $275
with the understanding that bars
serviced by the bus would cover the
costs of operation. '

To date. Central Council has
received no money from any of the
bars on the bus‘ schedule of stops.
The bus was funded last weekend by
the SA Executive Budget. alter the
initial grant ran out.

The service began of Feb. 4 and
was scheduled to run for eight weeks.
lhc bus is free for SUNYA students
with tax cards. and makes stops at
bars and restaurants in the urea.

Central Council Chair Mike
Lissner said he visited each of thc

: drinking establishments Brim to the
. start of the bus service and delivered

a letter50u'tliniiig the project andthe
amount of- payment each bar on the
schedule of stops was expected to
contribute; v ' v ,.

Lissher  he didn‘t request that
any contract be signed. Central
Council hasn't billed any of the bars.

Not Clear

Rich Kelty. one of the owners of
Bogart's. one of the bars at which the
bus stops. recalls that he received a
form letter two months ago
explaining the proposed service.
"The letter wasn't clear on whether
payment would be a continuing
thing or a one-shot payment ofSZO.“

According to Lissner. the original .

intent of the Bar Bus Project was to
prevent people from driving home
after a night of drinking.

Although Lissner said he doesn‘t
recall if thc funding plan was
discussed at the Council meeting in

which the project was passed. he
claims the initial fundingwas to last
for the first two weeks only. If the
birs liked the idea they would pay

'for the operating costs from .that
time on. Lissner said.

The money needed to operate the
Bar Bus last weekend came from
Dave Gold‘s Executive Budget. Gold
said yesterday he didn‘t know if

those funds would be made available

this weekend.

Lissner. who is currently in the
Inﬁrmary recovering from the flu,
said “At this point it doesn‘t seem
that anyone is in charge of collecting
the money.“ An article in the ﬁrst
issue of the SA Informer. that
organization's newsletter. reports
erroneously that “the bars are
supporting [the bar bus].“

The bus leaves the administration
circle at 30-minute intervals on
weekend nights from 9:30 p.m. to
|:30 am.

Central Council Approves Stipends

by Mike Pearlman

Slipcnds for the lcttdcrs of four
SA—fundcd organi/ntions \vcrc
opprmed by Central Council

Wednesday night. lhc stipends arc.

the first to be approved under a new
stipend policy.

Pending the approval of SA
President I);th (iold. lhc chairs of
Albany State Cinema. WlRA.
AMIA. and thc liditor-In-Chicf of
thc SUNYA yearbook loi'ch will
receive stipends ranging from$75 to
$225 pcr scincsicr. Applications
received from the chairs of Speakers
I‘orum uttd University Concert
lionrd were rejected hythc Council.

Torch Editor-ln-ChiefSam 'I'crilli
Jr.. who will receive $l50 for the Fall
semester and $225 for the Spring
semester. said he had requested a
$250 stipendrcach semester. Terilli
said that he felt $250 was a
reasonable amount because it is
what Torch Editors have received in
the past. 'l'crilii said he would like to
discuss the fairness of the figure with
SA officials.

WIRA President Alicc chgcn
said she was pleased \\IlIl licr$75 per
semester stipend. “To tell you the
truth. when I applied ldidn't expect
to get anything.“

Speakers l‘orum Chair Norman
(icrhcr's application for a stipend
was refused by Ccnlrnf Council. “I
definitely won‘t rcsign."(icrbcrsaid.
“Hut l'm going to appeal the

 

dccision." He said he felt he deserved
a stipend for the "vast amount of
time that goes into this type of
work."

The new stipend policy. adopted
last October. has resulted in the
creation of a Stipend Review
Committee. The committee. which
consists of nine students appointed
by different branches of SA with the
approval of Central Council. was
formed to review student requests
for stipends and dctcrtnitic studcni
eligibility on the basis ol different
criteria.

lhc Committee is limited to a
budget of only one percent oi tolnl
funds appropriated by SA. and
individual stipends may not exceed
$250 per semester.

According to a stipend policy
report released by Central Council.
considerations used by the
committee in judging strident
eligibility included determining: ifthc
group represented performs a vital
scnice to the University
Community; whether or not the
position is an absolute necessity; and
the amount ol linic rcqurrcd to
perform the job duties.

The amount of money awarded
eligible students isdctcrmtncd hythc
outside hcncfits thc student enjoys
while holding the position. the
amount of responsibility involved
and the lcdiousncss of hist ltcr work.
According to the report. stipend

UPI/ll" ICNNHIAUM

8A Legal Services Advisor Jack Lester to working on a comprehensive
legal services program which Includes OCA. paralegals. student
interns and professional litigation attorneys.

FEBRUARY 24, 1978

awards will not be bascd upon last
year‘s appropriations.

According to Stipend Review
Committee Chair Paul Jeffery. the
possibility of granting a student
academic credit instead of a stipend
had been considered. but was not
implemented.

“The whole stipend process got
started after drop-add week so we
couldn't really consider granting
academic credit." he said.

“Most of the people on the
Stipend Committee Wcrc appointed
after last semester."

Central Council Vice Clinir Fred
Hrcwington said the Stipend Review
Committee was appropriated about
$5000 by Central Council for the
year.

"Stipcnds have been a problem for
years.“ said Brcwington.
" Wednesday night \vnsan attempt to
try and alleviate the question of
whether stipends can be given on
an equal basis."

Chairperson of the Internal
Affairs Committcc Abbie llavkins
said that the Internal Affairs
Committee will meet with the
Stipend Review Committee Monday
“to clarify any ambiguities that have
cmcrgcd within the policy."

 

 
   

     

  

    

 

 
 
  
 

   

 

     

  

    

   

 

 

   

 

 

 

  

rm Bar Bus Project was initiated with in. use-Mug that 6::
serviced by the bus would cover the operation costs.

 

Rich Kielty clstrns the proposelsstating payment terms woren'teloor.

SA Trip Cutbacks
Anger Club Leaders

by Steve Oster

SA Budget Committee's call for
the elimination of SA-fundcd trips
last week has met with considerable
criticism from campus
organizations.

- “This could kill our club."claimed
Outing Club President Ken
Kleinberg.

“It will destroy us.“ echoed Ski
Club President Ira Lichtiger.

“It's idiotic." summed up English
Students‘ Assodation President Jeff
Moonan.

The recommmendaiion was
motivated by rising costs and SA‘s
desire to promote clubs operating on
a “campus-wide basis." according to
Budget Committee Chair John
Sharkey.

Kleinberg. whose group requests
about S|000 each year for
transportation. protested that an
Outing Club isn't feasublc without
those funds.

“Without gas money we can‘t get
trip leaders.“ he said. “We need their
technical assistance to sponsor
activities."

chinbcrg argucd that the Outing
Club's activities benefit the whole
school in that it “sends SUNYA's
name out with it.“

“We're making quite a name for
ourselvcs in the upstate area." he
said. “Our equipment and advice are
available to all students."

“What's it ski club without ski

trips?" Lichtinger asked. Both he
and Kleinberg said that although
their clubs could raise money for
trips. the cost would be prohibitive
to most students.

According to Moonan. “there is
too much money being spent on
athletics. while the academic groups
get only 3 percent of the budget."

Sharkey acknowledged the 3
percent figure. but denied that there
is a disparity in the budget.

“of the $66 each student pays.
$l4.50 goes to the Athletic
Department off the top to help
ﬁnance Varsity sports." he said. “We
have no control over that money.“

Last week Sharkey. SA Controller
Mike Hetchkop. and SA President
Dave Gold described a new funding
policy. focusing .on those campus
groups that serve the entire student
body. such as WCDB. Concert
Board and Speaker's Forum.

“We no longer feel that the entire
student body should fund a ten person
trip.“ said Hetchkop. According to
Sharkey. the new budget committee.
representing the entire SUNYA
community. will attempt to remain
within its budget while promoting
this policy.

In response to criticism. Shurkcy
said [hat the cuts are a part of a
"flexible policy.“ and not absolute
rules.

“The budget will be submitted to

rim/iiin on pagcjimr

SA Legal Services Developing

by Jill Haber

it has been ihrcc months since SA
Legal Services Advisor .lack Lester
began working on the proposals set
forth in the SA Legal Services Task
Force Committee Report. and in
that time some progress. sortie plans.
and some changes have been made.

An average ol'cighi students come
in each time Lester holds office
hours. which he does for il minimum

of four haurs a day. ﬁve days a week.

and ltc cstimaics that about 500
students hch consulted liitn since he
began his job Nov. I.

But according to the retainer
agreement signed in late October. in
addition to giving advice [ester is
also to be involved with dcvclopingu
comprehensive legal services
program involving Off Campus
Association paralegals. legal services
student interns. the litigation
attorncys from the firm of
Rosenblum and Leventhul. and the
co-ordination of "proactive"
activities. The retainer deﬁnes
proactive activities as dealing with
problems which reach beyond
individual cases but may be the root

of student problems. such as city
housing codes and voting laws.
“For two months it's been trial and
error." said Lester about the
program. “I've tried to go according
to it [lhc rctuincr agreement] but
there has to bc room for my own
judgcmcni. I wouldn‘t say I've
differed with the retainer. but for one
thing my ofﬁce hours have been six
or seven hours a day. l'vc put more
time on individual consultation
rather than proactive work to
develop a strong base with the
student body."

()nc proposal included in the
retainer, a bail fund for students.
hasn‘t been implemented. according
to Lester. “I don‘t know much about
it. I‘ll have to look into it more. but I
would like to see one set up."

Another stipulation. 24-hour
phone availability. hasn‘t been as
wcllused as Lester would like.

“They have an answering service.
but I don‘t think it‘s effective. said
Lester. “I think I'm going to have to
set up my own service and take the
calls myself."

The proactive work. which

ALBANY STUDENT panes

according to the retainer is to include
seminars and pamphlets on topics
such as on and off campus housing.
students‘ rights in a university
setting. consumer protection. and
financial emancipation of students.
is to begin this semester by utilizing
the student intcrns who hold ofﬁce
hours and receive academic credit
for their work with the legal service.
Each intern is working on an
individual project which might
culminate in a term paper which
would be the basis for informational
pamphlets.

According to Legal Services
intern Tammi Blank. most of the
training interns have undergone has
been “on the job." She said no
formal training sessions were held
and that interns were chosen on the
basis of interviews with a sociology
professor.

“We try to deal directly with the
parties involved," said Blank about
methods for handlingcases. “We call
up and say we're from Legal Services
and see how much clout that carries.
If there is litigation involved. we

con/inner! on page four

PAGE TIMI

 

at

. .t is?

 

 

 

 

 

 

