 

 
 
   
  
 
 
   
  
 
 

 

 

 1 -=w.:...... .mgm, , A

{52*

.ﬂ’r

 

 

 

 

Let’s Return To
The Returnables

by Richie Mermelsteln

A recent campaign against SUNYA‘s
aggregating little involved the distribution
of snapshots of campus eyesores with the
words “Greetings from SUNYA“ along the
bottom. the photos Were Invariany
marred by assorted empty soda cans strewn
liaphrrzardly about the campus.

the head of this movement maintained
that he wasn't singling out anyone for the
blame. but was only trying to raise the
consciousness of everyone involved iii the
problem. Without realiring it. though. lie
was plactng a good deal ol the
responsibility in a target very worthy ol the
blrime: the companies that continue to
market their beverages In throwaway carts

and bottles.
lhe amount ol canned soda sold

throughout New York in an average year is
incomprehensible. the amount consumed
at SUNYA is In use” fantastic. Last year.
we tlushed our systems With IX7 tons ol the
canned carbonated wonder. Stacked atop
one another. SUNYA‘s empty carts would
be 200 times the sale ol the Itrnpire Stale
liutlding!

What all this leads to Is obvious: New
York needs to catch up With Its
neighboring states that have reaped the
benelits of passing a bottle bill. Along Willi
the lznvrronnicntal Planning Lobby and
the League Iil Women Voters. NYI’IRli
will he-lobhymg lor the passage ol such a
bill In the upcoming legislative session.

the bill was submitted to the Assembly
last year by Arthur Coopertnantl)em.-
Queens). and to the Senate by ll.t'.
SmithtRep-Sutlolk). Senator Smith has
retired. and It remains to be seen who wrll
sponsor the bill in the Senate in January.
L‘ooperman has promised to push harder
than ever to and its passage.

Simply. the p.0posal is to mandate a live
cent deposit on all beverage containers.

the consumer is then one nickel more
likely to return the container than to throw
|I out or leave it lying around. llie bill has
been coined the “bottle bill" since rclrllablc
bottles are choice candidates tor containers
after passage of such a law. In Oregon the

 

new law led to such an overwhelming
conversion that 90 percent of the soda and
beer is now bottled. Ihc returned bottles
can then be reused by the manufacturer. at
least ten more times.

lhc potential net gain in energy is
staggering. Iwu hundred thousand New
York automobiles could be lucled with the
energy saved In one year ol recycling.

lhe bill would also ban the use (it pull-
oll tabs. which seem to dot any given area
iti greater numbers than crawling insects.
Additionally It would outlaw those
ecologically disasterous plastic rings that
bind six packs ol carts.

In the past. large companies have
managed to keep the bill lrotn passing. llut
eicii Alcoa Altrtiiirititii has agreed titit to
oppose it ll ll comes to the lloor next year.
lotii llartiiiati. an aide ol Assemblyman
(oopernian. feels that the time is ripe lor
the bill's success. llie orin problem. he
says. is that those opposriig the brittle bill
have been more vocal than the majority ol
people who lccl that stich a law Would be
licnclictril.

“lhe ptills show that the bill is
supported." says lltll'llllllll. "but what's still
missing are lcltcrs lrtitn constituents
showing they lccl it‘s important. the idea Is
no longer a radical concept. We jttsl need a
mass til letters." '

It seems highly unlikely that either t'ar‘cy
oi Duryca Will be helpful in the movement
toward reusable CtlllllllllL‘TS. If you're at all
interested in seeing the bill enacted into
law. you're goriig to have to urge your
Assctnblypcrsons and Senators to lavor ll.
It you're trout Queens arid are represented
by t'oopcrinan. assure liim that the bottle
lull should reriiatn. as Cooperinan says it
is. at the top ot his priorities. (lo to the
.NYI’IRU otticc in the L'riinpus L‘entcr atitl
sign a petition Iii lavor ol reusable
containers. Ilring a letter lor your state
legislators with you. and they‘ll cscn mail it
lot you.

Post-election sessions are the prime ones
tor contioicrsial bills such as this to pass.

lake a couple ot seconds now. and maybe
you crin help to see to II that a tew less cans
are kicked around.

 

letters  

 

 

 

 

 

Thanks,
UAS

To The Editor .
Many complaints about Albany btatc
lood servtcc resound oil the white concrete.
Iruc it is
not always "grade A." but it is edible in
unlimited quantity. Many thanks to the
kitchen stall who attetnpt variety and
nutrition on It limited budget and to those
students thankful tor the lood in their
stomachs.
the food situation could be worse at
SliNtA. lhe loud could be moldy.
rationed. or uon-exrstcnt. Whether we
tlitiiisc Iii ignore or accept It many
people die to hunger each day. ()thcrs eat
moldy Iood. rummage throtrgli garbage.
arc rationed milk and grain. or cat nothing.
food is a pt.\t|egc that many Americans
are luck) enough to be born Into. Please
tliitik about your prorlcge you‘re alive
because someone else Is hungry. Please
help It“ stoniaches c\eii ll in small ways
by being tlianklttl and aware

awareness leads to action.
Wall l’lock

Give Us
The Green

to 'I he Editor:

encouraged to continue placing artwork
“around the campus (such as the piece in the

garden) it should also be it little more

selective in the placement of such Work.

Alter all. we the students do have to live
here.

Bill Papc

Indian Quad.

Blurred
Focus

To the Editor:

Never in my life have I seen an SA funded
publication fill it 5 pages with such blatently
derogitory and disrespectful racial and
religious slurs such as the ones in Focus.
Articles such as“Where the Guys Are" and the
"Saturday the Rabbi Interacted" had little it
any entertainment value and made a people
with a proud past and a constructive eye
toward the future the butt ofidiotic inucndos
and literary sclf gratiﬁcation by the authors.

I was outraged to find that the author of the
article entitled "Picking the Pope" was an
executive editor of the magazine. Being in a
position of authority and responsibility
withing the magaline. he should know the
purpose of the magazine as outlined by it‘s
constitution. If he has forgotten. I will refresh
his memory.

As stated in the Focus constitution“lt shall
be a periodical published by the students ol

SUNY at Albany for the purpose ol
thoughtful enlightenment and
entertainment." The latest issue ol l‘ocus was
neither.

Such quotes as “After fifteen years a l’opi-

dies » Big Deal!" are totally ludicrous. lo

many ofthe world's 700 million ('atholics ll is

a matter of great concern and importance.
Another example of the bad taste of this
publication is illustrated in this quote. “Last
Aug. while Italy held it's garlic breath (an
obviously racist quote directed at the Italian
people) in dread of another bellicose act of
terrorism, His Holiness Pope Paul VI died and
went to heaven. The coroner‘s report did not
specify what time the ascension to the pearly
gates took place." This statement is a vile
attack at the beliefs held sacred by the
Catholic church.

The idea of even injest proposing Rudolph
Hess as a Papal candidate is purelydisgusting.
It is therefore my considered opinion that the
Editorial staff of Focus print a SINCERE
RETRACTION for any and all materials
found offensive. It is also my opinion that SA
should not and I will not support any funded
or unfunded publican that includes in its
writings any belittlcmcnts of any race. creed.
color, sex or national origin.

I am appalled and outraged by the last issue
of Focus and I hope the magazine will improve
in the future.

James Castro- Blanco
Central Council Rep.

Pittman
Not Nursery

To The Iidltors:
Ltvmg In one of the towers or any other
part iii a normal trptown dorm assures you
'ccrtain rights. Here at Pittman the
atmosphere has taken on the coriiplexion
ol a summer camp Where the R.A.'s and
Dorm Director act as camp counselors and

the residents are recognized as mischcvious'
children. I'm tired of being treated like a
child feeling like my Resident Advisorwig
Brother) is always watching me. Alright. so
I can ignore the surveillance tactics of the
Residence Stall here. but what about the
scoldings'! I have been treated like a
naughty kid. rebuked and scolded for not
having the right attitude about Pittman
Hall. I'd like to take this opportunity to
remind the Residence Stat't' with a very
special reminder to the Resident Director.
Mike Welch. that I did not choose to live

at Camp Pittman and that it' they find the
"spirit" or attitude lacking in any of the
residents they ought to first put things into
their proper perspective

Pittman Hall is a Dormitory. It houses
University Students. It is not a club. or
I-raternity or Camp. Something is
delinitely wrong here. '

llic Resident Director chose to punish
l’ittman Residents Sunday night tor their
rowdy behavior during the past weekend
by taking away our Movie Projector and
lilm. llic President ol the Human Hall
Steering Committee had planned to
show a movie in the Pittman Hall Lounge
that evening. Mike Welcli explained that if
he allowed the lilm to be shown residents
might become rowdy irrid noisy and stay up
till all hours ol the night.

Where iii the Residence rules does it say
that Residents Directors are supposed to
be baby sitters and enforce curlews‘i Can
an R.A. unplug the lounge television. cut
oil heat or electrrctty to tcaclt the residents
a lesson lor their poor behavror alter a very
rowdy and partying weekend as well‘i‘.’

Who‘s going to lnltil‘lll either the
residence stall or the residents just what
their litintations are'!

Name Witheld

 

 

 

I would like to call attention to the new
piece oI sculpture which has been placed in
the garden near the biology building. l_he
placing ol this artwork Iti this area could Iitit
have been more Ill-advised.

this garden is used by students during the'
spring sctiicstcr to escape the wltttc concrete
ot SUNYA or Just to enjoy the beautilul
surroundings. llie positioning ol that rust~
colored sculpture right in the middle ol all
this green is eotiipletely absurd. In this
setting. the sculpture looks like a piece til
Junk.

While I think the University should be

Thanks

Jewish World and Student Association

 

 

 

 

 

Tenants Have Their Rights Too

Most landlords are sincere. keep tip the
property and charge reasonable Icttls
However. a few have succeeded Ill making
lilc dillicult lor some student lclitittls by
refusing tti riiake repairs or by retaining
security deposits lor no apparent reason It
Is. therefore. necessary to protect!
cautiously when dealing With landlords. no
matter how nice they Iiiiglit scctn.

llic Absentee Amateur is the most
common type til landlord Iii the area t .i
stiiall property owner who rents only a ll'“
apartments and doesn‘t Inc on the
premises). llis or her behavior lo\t.tltl
tenants might be erratic due to latl. ol

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

HAG cancer),
A national.

lkil'
‘r’o

acbr
Blair?

 
  

 

IlA) UPSET 8
TH5A%kXXHNTSZ
I THOUGHT A6Art):

 

 

 

 

 

   
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
      
        
   
  
  
   
  

 

 

 

 

experience or they might not be aware of
their duties and rights Its a property owner.

llie ()wner-Occuppnt is the person who
owns and lives on the property. their
interest in the care and upkeep ol the
property may Iiiakc lot a harmonious
relationship. liut this Is not always the
case. llie landlord may become overly
concerned wttli your housekeeping habits
and generally become a nuisance.

llie Professional Landlord is usually a
corporation (but sotrietiiiies at) individual)
owning a great deal ol property. Such
landlords have the power and money to
retain a lawyer. secure political ties rind
litre agents. I’rrilessional landlords are
ottcti the least responsive to tenant needs
or maintenance probletns.

No matter the type of landlord. you still
have rights as it tenant

When you rent an apartment. you'll
probably srgri a lease or a rental agreement.
It is a legal contract in which you. the
tenant. and the landlord rigrec to the terms
and conditions ()l your tenancy. A lease
has a specilic term (usually iitric months or
a year) during which the rent is lixed. You
Jllltllly and individually lwrtli your
cotcnants) agree to be responsible lor the

in writing to the lease.

Look for these: When is the rent due'.‘ Is
there a penalty for late payment‘.’ Is there a
grace period'! What deposits and lees are
required (Cleaning. Damage. Security.
Kcyl'.‘ What are the tcrrris lor relrinding
deposits"!

Do your roommates have to be
approved by the landlord? L'an the rent be
nicrcrrscd ll the nuriibcr ol tenants
Incret .cs'.’ What about guesls‘.’ Wltcn does a
gtrcs'l becontc a tenant'.‘ What happens
when one rrioriunatc leaves seliiiol or
becomes ill'.’ ls sub-letting permitted? Is
there a lee lor sub-letting?

Who has the right ol entry to conduct
inspections arid how olten‘.’ Who Is
responsrble tor cleaning and maintenance?
Will the landlord take care ol the lawn or
gardcu'.‘ ls written permission required to
decorate the place'.’ Will the landlord
provide paint'.l What ktiid ol picture
hangers are allowcd'! ( lack and nail holes
in walls account lor inuny deductions lr‘oin
security deposits).Are there any rules
concerning conduct.'quict hours. ctc.'.‘ Are
pets allowed'! Do you'hrive an option to
renew your lease for a specilic period at a
hired r'erit‘.’

rent to the curl ol the lcl'lll, even ll you”

Inovc out. unless the landlord agrees in".

writing to some other arrangement.

Ari unwritten tenancy agreetncut is a
ruonth-to-montli contract. You can end
tenancy antl move otrt anytime after givrng
30 days wrrttcii notice lt'otn the lust til the
riioiitli. Ilie landlord cart raise tlic tent
or ask you to move out
driys‘ notice.

leases and It'lllill ilglt’clllt'ttl't ‘ilitlt'
Conditions which are liuirlrug upon you and
which you should understand llt'ltllt' \ou
“'ttn. Does the rent ltlt‘llltlt' watt-r. pas.
L‘lcctricity. etc)! llc .‘illlt' any ieiliul
“Ell‘t‘llwllls With your landlord illt.‘ added

  

on the nami- to
"" hoiiretiiiies landlords prefer a ll month

Here are sortie things you can do to
prevent problems: lie sure you understand
a lease or rental agreement thoroughly
before ytiu sign it. It you have questions.
make sure you understand your
obligations.

Do not sign a lease that Is for a period
longer than you actually plan to slay.

loose but will agree to nine months instead.
llritvs stating llIt' period at tenancy are
written on the contract. When you sign it
you are stuck wrtli lln-rii.

Read and keep a copy ot your lease and
make sure It is i'oriipit'tr'tl illltl signed by the
lrriirllrrirl agent.

 

 

Senate’s Table

The University Senate decided to table a resolution which asked that ’

students who have not been given'a grade in a course be granied an ex-
tension of the withdrawal period. , '

The rationale given by the former Senate Chair Donald Bishko was
that students should not drop a course just to escape bad marks;
they should drop a course because they don’t like it.

This line of thinking is all fine and good, but not very realistic. The
real world has grad schools and employers who are looking at those
grades — the same grad schools and employers who would look at
the “W” mark. The real world also has professors who are not the
fairest markers to be found.

Unfortunately, grades play a big role for a lot of students here, but
that’s a fact of life here and should be accepted. Students should be
given grades by professors before the drop period is over. And if they
aren’t, students should be given the opportunity to drop the course af-
ter the period is over. That’s only fair.

Raising the Ceilin

SASU will be asking SUNY Chancellog Clifton Wharton to raise the
ceiling for the student tax to $100. Student governments have been
clammoring for this raise for the past few years. Perhaps there should
be a raise of this ceiling, especially in the cases of the smaller SUC’s
which have reached the ceiling several years ago and have experienced
severe cutbacks.

However, how high should this ceiling g0? Students are already
paying $35 a semester for student governments — a raise gives the
potential of bringing this figure as high as $50 a semester. And what
will happen five years from now? Will the ceiling be up to $150 or
$200?

If the student tax ceiling keeps rising in years to come, student
governments will find themselves overpriced for students.

One of the reasons for the necessity to raise the tax is the fact that
students totally fund athletics at SUNY. Each SA budget has a large
chunk going to athletics. The students should not have to fund
athletics alone. since athletics not only are beneficial to the students,
but to the university as well.

Proper planning on the parts of the individual campuses is needed
to keep the taxes down. What should be kept in mind is the simple
goal of the student governments: to serve the students. With high
taxes in the future, these governments might become just the opposite:
a burden to the students.

 

 

é are

'I'ItoiiiAs MAiiii.t.i.o. lir/iior-iii-(‘lrr‘e/
M.J. MIMMUI t. JAi (itssiN. illutrugriig lit/Iron

News LDITOI . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . JILL HAatiii

AssoCIArs urws sorro- . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . Srsvs Os‘mt

Asrrcrs mitosis . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Enrrir BeneLsoN, LAURIE SMILAN

l AssoctAr: Asrscis EDITOI . . . , . . . . . . . . . .STEPIIANIE Dst. VALLa

Mons [DITOI . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . thu SsLtosoN

_ Assam/tn srons EDITOIS . . . . . . . . . PAUL SCIIWAIt'rz, DAVID Ossosu
hiiironiAr. Moss [DITOI . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .ZACII Kisuou
s1 Ari wrtirsiis: Al Iiaca. Charles Bell. Roben Blasenstcin, Jeff Carone. Janet Cerni. Marie
Coi'tissor, Mike Dunne. Michele Israel. Jeff Kennel]. J.M. Reilly. Aron Smith, Deborah Smith

Ar MANAGn: Jesse Scherer zootAc Nizws: Laura Schraub
rnrvtsw PAGI: Lynn Herz les lDl‘I'OI ounlcus: Matthew Cox

JoNAntAN Honors. Bruin“: Manager

  

 

Aiivriirismti MANAon . . , , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . DEBBIE Korr
Bir.i.rN . crmstrLiAN'r . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . CAitot. Conuss
Pusan. MANAtiss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . SusAN Assert
Booititurim; . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . BENNY Bitowu

sAi.i.s PERSONNEL: Steve Gulditcin, Jeff Levitan. Richie Mermelstein. Jody Wilner CLAsstrittti

Auvrnrisimi: Sieve Mauer COMPOSITION: Amy Soars, Jeanne Ja AD nonucnoN MANAou:
Irene I‘irrnat At) PIODUCTIDN: Ilildy Brand, Julie Grecnberg, iz Kwasnik, Liz Rozwod.
Laura Schrauli, Stephanie Sherman OFFICE: Lisa Applebaum, Ruth Tctill, Darlene Fried

MICHAEL GILIIOS. Production Manager
"AVDEN CAIIUTII, Ami-rant Production Manager
IlsAti 1vris't . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . LonAtNa LiaertAt'ons
Vmiir-Ar. (‘AMIIA . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . BRIAN Kunrztzit

i-Asir.-irr: Sally Ann Brecher. Lynn Herl. Wendy Kaufman. laurie Studwell TYPIS‘IS: Snll Ann
llreclier. Robin Goldberg. Cheryl Kaufman, Clara Kuebler, Marilyn Moskowitz, Diana ruci.
lvy t’clri. Donna Rctchncr. Lisa Selkin. Beth Siorie rAtii: "in: Leslie Appeltirium
rsoorsercs: Donna Reichner
I'ItorotilAi-uv, supplied principally by University Photo Srrvr're
tII'III PHOTOGRAPH!!! Mary Atin Hovak ritti'rtitiitAritrits: 'I'on ’I‘assarotti. Laura Viscusi.
Scott Areinan. Routine Kalaktifl'. Iiob Leonard, 'l'anyri Arm Iiirvey. Jeff Schnccbaurn,
Sam 'IcrellI. lliiwie Jacobs, John Chow. Tue Moon Lee

ESTABLISHED I916
“W .‘l lllrlll)’ Stirtli'rrr I'rrus l.i [llllllld'llt'tlc‘l‘l’fy ’llrturlrr‘i' and Friday during I/te .I‘t‘llutll‘l'l'll’ flvl’ ilu‘

.‘tllirrrri; Slur/viii I‘n‘A'J t'urpurrrtr’uri. an fltrft'pt’lltlt'lil irrir-frir-prc/ir organization. er’Iorial
[til/it‘l' r.\ r/i'rcrriririr-il by l/ll' lzltllfllf'l'n‘vhltf/I mn/ l.\ urlijr'r'r to review by the Editorial Board.
.lIrrr/Irii: .rlr/r/II'M.‘ Allirrrii‘ .Ylitrlurrl Press, C6129, Hill! Il’rtilririglriri zlvr'u Albany, NY [222.“

(.illl)457-lll192

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
    

 

 

 

