  
 

 
  
  

 

  

 Chair to
Arrange Meeting

by .llIleber '
CDTA Chair Joseph Purillo

 

g i i o

_ ,M, m H
,_ r ’ POLISH COMMUNITY

   

S BRIEFS

     
      
  
 

 
  

   

     

i ‘Vuum- An. In Ant-ulna. spoke with Vice President for
“3” m 5:” Auction 5:” . Business and FinanceJohn Hartigan
0” h.  '“h “III Id six weeks ago to arranges meetingto
t rmﬂmmhour discuss why SUNYA had
i" i 11.8.. POST OFFICE PRISM discontinued negotiations about the 29 Local Judges Indicted '
r t , . Proposed -CDTA takeover of ALBANY, NY. (AP) Some 29 local judges were formally charged today,
i SUNYA bus sen/leer “erding ‘0 with ﬁxingrrafﬁctiekctsforfriends. relatives nd various othcrollicirtls. rhi-

villrige. town and city judges were accused by the Commission on Judicial
Conduct. and will now get special hearings before a special (form on rim
Judiciary. The court can censure, suspend or removejudges for misconduct
A group ofjudges began a court battle against the investigation. but were
unable to stop the commission from formally charging the ollrcials and
releasing their nantes. The names were released after a controversy of sereral
months. in which the commission said it found about 250 ofthe 2.tlti’l plm
local judges dropping or rcdiiciitg charges on request.

Fielding Denies He Is “Deep Throat:

NEW YORK (AP) A former Nixon administration lawyer denies IIL' |\ llic
Watergate source "Deep Ihrotil." despite a report that former \\‘liite Ilotise
chief ofstaff H.R, llaldenian has named him in a new book. l red I ielding.
lit. who worked under White House counsel John Dean and is now a lanyer lII
Washington. told lite Assocrated I’rcss Sunday. “I haw nor Iratfthe
opportunity to read Mr. Ilaldemati's hook. But I cart state that .ri least .rlI\
prtrt of his tiovel that ntimcs me as 'Deep 'lliroat' is sheer laiiiasi and
nonsense. I emphatically deny the story and the accusation“ lit-an and
Iliildeman were unavailable Ior comment.

Military Cost More Than Expected

WASHINGTON (AP) lhe all-volunteer military service has ova an
additional Sill billion since the end of the draft in I‘)7|, tar moo- |ll.ill
previous estimates, the (icneral Accouttting Office said today. lieleasrirgilie
new study. Comptroller (icnerril lilnier B. Striats said the biggest additional
cost of the volunteer force is the mtrch Iiighcr pay for new llllllltil\ L‘Illlslt’t'»
Staats. who heads the congressional attditing service. lcstilicd licloit' a
Senate armed services subcommittee. Subcornrrtittec Chairman Sain \rinr.
l)-(ia.. a lrcqucnt critic ol the all-\oluntcct‘ concept. said he asked the (i \l)
to do the study after several unsuccessful alletnpts to obtarii a coinpirii our
estimate frtirn the Pentagon.

Hartigan.

“We indicated that we bird no
further interest in further
negotiations said Hartigan. “I made
it clear that unless they developed a
clear and comprehensive proposal
for a pilot proposal it‘s a closed
door.“

After negotiations for tire Cl) | A
takeover of regular bus service were
discontinued last November.
Ilartigan proposed that CDIA
provide weekend bus service in lieu
of Yankee Trails which currently
holds the contract.

“We're always open to
negotiations." said CD'I A Executiw
Director Robert Mani.

According to llartigtin. l’arillo
will arrange a meeting with the State
Division of the Budget. The DOII
considered itself a facilitator in
\ mm“ bringing SUNYA arid CDIA
my / together last fall.

\ m" m Although CD'IA wrll Illt\t.‘ a

_ _ _ _ balanced budget by April I. and

their ridership has increased Irom

I L6 to I2.2 million. Matt] said that

the budget for next year will not be
balanced.

CD'IA will continue to icceiic
3740.000 from the 'I raner Operating
Assistance Program funded by the
state. but according to Man/ this it r”
not be enough. "We've been getting
the same amount for fotir years no“
rind our costs ltrive been raised
considerably."

   
    
    

[SR E

PROGRAMS i0R YOUNG PEOPLE

     

.tayeeowr‘ec...-‘«eém m.

00".!“ Sﬂllliltl' Still" "MIA": At llsylm Greenberg
college In isrusslsm tor a semester or one year. Curriculum
Iriclu es Hebrew language. Literature, Bible, History, Educa-
tion, Philosophy. Sociology, Talmud. Credits by leading unl-
versltles In the 0.8. Also. tours. cultural and recreational
programs. Scholarships available.

lililVEIlSITV SEMINARS: 6 weeks of stud at Israeli universi-
ties. Plus tours, cultural and recreationa activities. Up to It
recognized credits may be earned.

For Information and applications call or write:
WORLD Zlotilst‘ ORGANIZATION
WZO

    

  

 
   

  

 
 
      
    

d‘ZJé.

 

 

mo in Irtmnt of Education I Culture
515 In Avenue, limo. 10022
(212) 1520800 sit. 305/300 u-b

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sadat Pessimistic Over Peace Talks

WASHINGTON (AP) Egyptian President Anwar Sttdrtl. taking a y'li'ltlli‘.
view of Mideast peace negotiations. says Israel is bogged down hi, --.,iil idem
of security“ rind is trying to hold oti to Arab lands. In an lIIIL'I\IL‘\\ \irllrlJ.
night with NIiK-IV. Sadat said tltc talks have been headed "in tin  .2
direction." Iiut Sadat said he agreed over the weekend with l’icsrtliril 1 air i
to resume negotiations wrtli Israel on a declaration of prinrrpl > I’m
discussions will be held tlirottgli a US intermediary. Assistant Sir itali , at
State Alfred l.. Athertori Jr. who soon will shuttle between t .tilo ind
Jerusalem.

CIA Gave Grant to RIT

ROCHESTER. N.Y. (Al’) The Central Intelligence Agency gun about
$200000 to the Rochester Institute of technology between I‘Ioo rIIItl l‘l“
according to It” officials. " I liese were unsolicited. unrestrictctl gr .rillw villi
Davrd ltngdahl. acting director of RI l"s Scltool of Photograpliir \ii-. and
Sciences. “ The CIA had no say whatsoever on ltow ltl’l was to use I lIL' liltilit".
or what projects were chosen to receive the grants.“ l€ngdahl \rlltl Illl'
purpose ot the giveaways was "to support undergraduate and graduate
student thesis research in photo science." according to CM documents It Illt ll
revealed lheexistencctil‘thc program. I'hedocuments were made polili. .rIIil
being obtained undera I‘reedotii of lnlormation Act lawsuit filed by \li our
Iialpcrtn ritid John Marks.

Vietnam U.N. Ambassador Sent/Called Home
IOKYOIAI’] Victtiain has called li.,\. Ambassador Dirili Ila Ilii ‘ r
citdtrig two days til uncertainty whether he would leave the I roll d ~1-
alter the State Depiiitiiient ordered him out, Iltc department .oiii  v
I-titIrry tlial the Vietnamese ambassador to the United \atioos n.
expelled lot alleged llllrtilu’llllllll III a spy plot. lie and IIII‘ \Hl'l
limc'ls'“ Mitirslt) denied the accusation. and he said he would not I" II ‘
Sunday. IIrinor Ilirdro announced that ll“ was being recalled liriaa a 'i

It S to ' -
l- “HHIIUII IN trying to disturb itctnittcs ol IIIL \lll..i
.rinbrisstrtloi '

Police Investigate
Dorm Burglaries

by (I. Pascal Zachary

The recent rain of roorri burglaries
on State Quad truly be the work of a
lone thief. according to Assistant
Police Director John Iicnighan,

I‘ive illegal roorn entries iii the last
ten days “resulted in small property
losses stereos gone and a tea
wallets.“ llenighan sttid.

Campus Police believe that the.
thief is not it student. “We have
suspects." llcriigliriti explained."btit
we are having a difficult time getting
Witnesses to giic a statement."

Ilic thefts "don't seem to be it big
concern" ol State ()tnid residents.
according to Quad
Iiarb Sclroorirnakcr.

Conswner Ofﬁce
Bill Voted On

I lie first step towards the creation
ol a national consumer protection
agency could be taken I day as the
U. S. Ilotiseol'llcpiescrn titres wires
on It bill (HR Willi calling lor the
establishment of ii ()Ilicc ol
Consumer Representation.

The program wuuld cost SIS
ttiillion rind would be used for such
purposes as intervention In various
federal agency proceedings dealing
with hcttltli. safety iirrd the finances
of consumers,

“ I he ()llice ol (‘oiisumer
Representation would cost onIv a
nickel a person to fund. which Is it
small expense to provide consiurier
representation iii Washington." said

Amy is fourteen. feels isolated and confused, has run
away once more from home... Miguel, a truant feels he
has to light to make his mark in life... Mrs. Wilson. a
single parent of three small children. feels she has no
one she can turn to...

If you feel called to live out your Christian vocation
I i J by helping troubled teenagers and families to develop a
sense of sell-worth. to believe that they are lovable and
can become creative members of society—~why not write
to us. THE SISTERS OF THE GOOD SHEPHERD. a
world-wide community of religious women and find out
the many ways you can serve in social services, special
I V education and related fields. With us. you will go in
i» ' '- ' search of the lost. the hurt, the confused. the unloved—
“ and the unlovlng.

If you would like mare information about THE
GOOD SHEPHERD SISTEHS' apostolate of caring.

 simply fill out the coupon.

('oordrnatoi .
l..

 

“me was no indication \\licii he would |c.r\.r \r a '

Limiter ISplils 23,000 Gallons of Oil Near Maine
I‘rirtlriiitl/iirdif'nililllu IAI'I /\ coastal tanker stitth il srtlinicrgiil i ll:
“mm mull :or lcrtlly Monday. spilliiigaliolit 1 Limit of its Stitititili paw
WNW” Wt, rg oi aboard belore the leak was stopped the ship \\I

I h '. ct . iiit \VllllllllltitlthIIllCltll had washed oiiiorcc-cocriislt'tl W"
teaches at South Portland about
reported. Ilie Ill-loot ll
\Itllllllllg liglil No. 2
when it ran
littlilitcli

 

II rntle aritl a liall away. tlict oasi [wt r
itIoltI Retrinttci. wrtli a SCVL'II’IIIL‘IIIIK'I til a

0I| lrorn Long Island to South Portland about I 1‘“
aground iti l5 leer of water on Diamond Island | cilgc. MIHI 'W“
. ll spokesman Ior ilic ('oasl (iiiard Ill Ilostoii

U S S R Exp

. . . . andln Defense P
WASHINGTON (AP) 'l'lrgl’c ro‘ec‘s
involved III civil defense
to to one. itiid the

Slater Ellen Kelly, R.G.S./Vocatlon Director
SISTERS OF THE GOOD SHEPHERD
120 West 60 Street

.«i New York. New York t0023

Please send me more Information about your international
community at SISTERS OF THE GOOD SHEPHERD.

 

. '“IIBUII buys the number of Sorrel tin/in»
d Mum“ Ulttnuinbcrs similar lI.S. workers in .tlirIlIl
'“PIITIIY niaketr sortie ott'ieiiils wotrdct it the Stout
fl) ' ‘
iiptiiiiiu'il Imnkc ""le ritittori believe nuclear war is a "reasotialilr
indum'iul w”::'_"‘ “WWW! construction of nuclear hlttst shelters lot IN
1 ‘ ‘ W [he [meme D'Lfih its well arr for political. military rind managerial leaders.
NYI It“: Stall Coordinator Anti that morethn Lilitnmcmlhi'is ""‘I ("lltsrcss. I'heI’entugonrepoti estimated
l bpcnucr' iii the liirssitiiilcivilt‘fi)?“yum” “"tl tni||titty personnel are involved lull IIIIIl'
’ . PAGE TWO ‘cmlc program.
 ALBANY STUDENT PREBB
i FEBRUARY 7, 1978

NAME __

 

ADDMBB

I .
i, am ____, _, CJLAJL _. J!!!
; going; AGE

 

 

New Academic Calendar Approved

by Denise Lenel

The Educational Policy Council
has approved tentative 1979-80 and
[980-8] calendars whic would
delay the start of the fall semester
until after Labor Day.

Tire calendars were submitted to
the University Senate Executive
Committee this week for
recommendations and must still be
approved by the University Senate
before they become official.
according to Assistant to the
President J. Frederick Volkwcin.

Ilic problem with beginning the
tall semester one week later is
maintaining llte same number of
instructional hours. In the EPC
report to the :zxceutiVe Committee.
several strategies are listed whiclt.
alone or in combination. may solve
the problem. the policy most
preferred by the Iil’C and the
I.xecutrvc Committee involves
lengthening the instructional hotir
lronr lilty to liltyvtive minutes.

Ilie report also proposes
maintaining the same class
beginning time to avoid confusion;
this would entail shortening thetinic
between Monday. Wednesday and
Iridiiy classes Irotn ten to live
minutes. According to Volktveiti.

this will never come into ‘effect.

“The Executive Committee
opposed reducingthe time between
classes to five minutes. so this is no
longer being eoniiidered." said
Volchin. “We are now looking at
the possibility of beginning Monday.
Wednesday and Friday classes
twenty minutes earlier and ending
twenty minutes later.“

The time between Tuesday and
Thursday classes would be reduced
from fifteen to ten minutes and most
late afternoon rind early evening
classes would be extended to ISO
lminutes.

Other Possibilities

The other possibilities include
scheduling an additional 3 M4 hour
class meeting at the convenience of
students and instructors. scheduling
exams at some time other than
normal class meetings. and movinga
greater proportion of week‘s
instruction to Saturdays. Volkwein
said that the last two solutions would
not be campus-wide and would
depend on individual student and
instructor preference.

Listed in the EPC report its
rationale for beginning the semester
after labor Day are clashes with
fitmin schedules. delays in financial

aid processing. and student summer
employment extending through »
Labor Day weekend.

Faculty attendance at meetings of
national professional organizations
in late August and early September
was listed as a further reason for
delaying the commencement of
classes.

Less than it percent of non-SUNY
colleges and universities in New
York State presently begin classes
before Labor Day. The week before
Labor Day has been described as a
“lost week" in terms of educational
accomplishment of students and
faculty.

Other EPC proposals for the ‘79-
‘80 and ‘80-'8] SUNYA calendar
include the observation of Rosh
llashana and Yom Kippur as
required by a resolution passed by
the SUNY Iiotlrd ofTrtistecs earlier
this year. and concluding lltc term by
Doc. 2}. lhe IiI’L' proposes
beginning the spring semesters in
mid-January and scheduling two
one-week vacations: one in
February. and one in April which
coincides with Passover and Easter.

Commencement would he held on
the last Sunday in May. as is
traditional at SUNYA.

Service Program Rejects Students

l\yo participants in SllNiA‘s
t'ommtiiirry Scrirce progrnrri hate
been rejected by tlteii agency.
according to program Director Iledi
McKinley (It the (i000 stridcntsuho
li.i\L‘ participated III the program
\IIIL'C its inception in 1970. only lotri
otlicis |ia\c been rejected.

l\.ireii IIItlllllltill and Neil
Roscrillial received letters ol
ieietiion liorri the Albany Medical
i enter llospital('omiiitinity Scrticc
program dtiriiig intcrsession.
Hamilton and Roscnthal. who
participated rr (omintinrty Scriicc
at \Ieiiioiiril llospitul last seinc aer.
both had requested emergency room
mm at Albany Medical Center

As its reason Ior rejection. tlte
lcllct stated. "Your basic
assumption that we are required to
gtyc you an educational experience
[on yoiit terms astotirtic.driy.ctc.l I.\
|.i|l;tciotis." Ilic students were
rclcir'ctl back to McKinley to make
arrangements Ior a new agency.

|l.rini|toii said she requested a
snitch to the dental clinic and griye
hours she was willing to work iii a
preliminary interview in Noienilicr'.

 

As a result of the competition and pressure to achieve good grad
many students resort to cheating. Is this simulated photolndlcat

She was told there were lew openings
in the dental clinic and none at the
times requested.

An argument ensued. with the
disagreement lying in it question of
the nature of Community Service.

“I previously worked wherever I
was needed at Memorial." said
llamilton. "I wanted to have more
choice. I thought it was an
educational experience."

Rosenlhiil. who Wits present ntthe
interview. interjected in her behalf.

Placement A Problem

According to Albany Medical

Center Director of Volunteers
Dorothy l’. Gallagher. there are
many students who requested

emergency room placements at the
dental clinic service. and placing
them is not simple.

“ l liese two have an idea that any
agency has to take them.“ said

(irtllirglicr."We feel wedon't have to
take every student who applies."
McKinley called the Community
Service program an effort to help the
agencies involved and not a pic-
prolessional program.
" I he agencies have it good right to

UPS/CONNIE WCKMAN

 

reject students they feel are not
compatible with the needed sen ice."
she said.

lhe decision to reject Hamilton
and R oscnthal was based in part on
Hamilton's interview and in part oti
it bad report from Memorial
Hospital. according to Gallagher.

()l the 750 SUNYA volunteers
who have worked in Albany Medical
(‘crtter since I970. there have been
problems with only ten, said
Gallagher. She said that student
volunteers are cherished at the
hospital arid feared that their
reputations may be jeopardi/ed by
accepting students encountering
problems.

-l). Letici

(
UPS/“IV! ‘UPKIKIG

According to Assistant to the President .I. Fredrlck Volkwcin. ciuuo

may

lengthen to compensate tor the proposed calendar changes.

Petition Requests Funds
To Continue Student Patrol

by Laura Viseusi

A petition requesting
authorization of funds for the
immediate continuance ol'SU NYA‘s
Student Patrol has been signed by
2000 students and will be presented
to Acting SUNYA President
Vincent O‘Leary. according to SA
President David Gold.

The Student Patrol. which
operated during the Spring I977 on
air experimental basis. had been
funded by the Parking Fine Fund.
This fund is now used primarily for
parking construction. and remains
unavailable to the Patrol. according
to Vice President for Finance and
Business .Iohn Hartigari.

Hartigan included funds lor the
Student Patrol in the I977-7X
Student Service budget. biit this
allocation was later ctrt. A grant
request was placed by (mid with the
Federal Law Enforcement Agency.
but this was turned down as well.

The Community Service program
and the Criminal Justice

Department were requested to grant
credit to students participating in the
Patrol. but both were denied.

Many requests are still being made
for funding and academic credit. but
attention is being focused on the
petition of O‘Lcary.

Eyes And lists

The petition stresses the Patrol's
lunction as the "eyes and ears“ ofthe
University Police. as an escort
service. as a source of crime
prevention information. and as it
liirson between students and the
University Police.

Director of Public Safety James
Williams sees the Student Patrol asa
supplier of studetit jobs as well as a
supplement to the University Police.
The Patrol relieves the Police of
many of its escort calls. freeing them
for other duties. he said.

The Strident Patrol was primarily
responsible for theapprehension of a
lorgcry suspect in September.
according to Investigator (iai'y
()‘Connor.

Competition Leads to Cheating

by Michelle Finger

Willi today‘s dismal job market.
competition is hiin among
undergraduates to ptit lltcmschcs in
an attractive position Ior
employment or graduate school.
And with increased pressure to
ilCItlt.'\L' good grades. sot ie students
are rising methods other than hard
work to achieve a Irrin grade-point
average,

Indeed. the competition for grades
is felt by SI‘NI‘A students

"SIINVA is a pressure cooker.
and this week it's csplodiiig.
Studentsni'c speeding.crariinitngrtll
night long III order to get that It."
said James. a biology major in an
interview conducted during linitls
week.

“'I here's a dog-citt-dog intensity to
the competition." said Dave. r
Iliology major. lie reported
classmates cribbing papers. ripping
rcqtrired passages oirt of books. and
sabotaging labs iii order to "screw"
the competition.

luck. It history major. claims he
has been able to achieve it 3.5
average without memoriring one
fact. "I tripe all the important facts
onto it poeketsirc tape recorder.“ he

mum's Note: First in a .l‘t'fft'.\ on
(It'tltli'lllft‘ prt‘a‘itrrt' and cheating.

said. “Then when the test begins. I
plug iii my earphone and reel the
lacts out on paper."

Despite the technological
advances ol tlte ‘70s. students still
resort to such lilti‘lllhlllttllcd
cheating methods as pecking oyer’
neighbor‘s shoulders. writing cheat-
shcets. and rising other stridciils'
term papers. According to it stir\cy
by Sociology Professor .Ittii \clsoii
Ill 1970. over one third oI SllNi /\
students cheat.

Many students intcriieiicd said
they cheated because they tell
pressure to achieve good grades.

“I little cheating but when I‘m in a
rootn with 29‘) people to the Ielt.
right. front of me. I'm gonna do it."
said Paul. riii accounting major, "I
wtiiit to get into the business school.
and all that counts is a good
average."

While sortie students are trying to
beat the competitive system. others
are trying to ignore it.

"I‘m here to lettrti as mttch as l cart.
so it does not rtiatter what the
teacher evaluates. I just do what I
think is meaningful. I'm here to
lenrtt. and when Iget out I‘ll trike it

from there." said Margie. ii
psychology tnrtjor.
Other students interviewed

appeared to relieve the academic

pressure tlirottglr alcohol.
marijuana. and junk foods,

“I'm a nervous wreck." said Print.
an Iinglisli major. "I just keep
working and working. bttt it's never
done. So. I eat arid drink and smoke
myself into oblivion."

“lliiving to do sortie subject I get
lcltsc. so I slap that peanut hllIlL'I‘ on
bread. Anything that's handy lent."
said Site. art Engliin major.
“Sometimes | feel gross stull'ing my
face. animalislic. lint it makes me
forget the work I have to do , . . No.
you can‘t relax forget. you gotta
keep up with the competition or you
crack front it."

"College was more of an
intellectual venture for me.“ said a
politierrl science professor. "There
was kind of shared excitement if it
community dealing with social issues
ratlter thrinjobs. grades . . . Today. I
don't see much political passion."

“I reach for the fcvr who want to
learn. but the university used to be a
itavcn for scholars dedicating
themselves to learning." said an
tingliin professor. "Something is
wrong."

“Problem is there are H lot of
people here who shouldn't be here.
This isn‘t for everybody. reading
sociology and novels. Many people

continued on page four

 

FEBRUARY 7. 1978

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

_. . “a. we“ tL..~..

PAGE THREE

 

 

 

 

 

1 .

 

