  
   

   

    
   
  
   
 
    
   
    
  
 
    
    
   
  
    
     
   
    
    
   
  
    
  
   
  
    
 
 
   
  
   
    
   
   
     
  
     
      
  
   
  
  
  
    
    
   
 

A:

:
“M”

w he!» innit-ti

qw—v. .r,

—'U:‘—'P'|":

‘ .w-.-

   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

    

or A - _
W~M'

->.
"W

Evaluation

 

‘ Disco and Drink Emporium

'255 New Karner Rd.(vRt. I55)
Albany, NY; I2205 456-33“

continued from page-one ‘
Martin will make conﬁdential
recommendations based on the

dent. He said these recommen-

 

 

Tuesday $.75 Drink
No Cover Charge
Wednesday Ladies NI“
1/9 Price Drinks
Thursday Beer Nlte

Free Beer from 9 - 3 a.m.

 

Friday 3‘ Saturday Fatso's Good Time Happy Hours
9-10 pm.

beer 20¢ cocktails 40¢

dations could range in scope from a
commendation to a relocation.

Martin said his conversation with
Pogue Wednesday did not include
discussion about the contents of the
Kendall report.

"We had a wide-ranging discus-
sion. but that was not discussed.
When the recommendation would
be made was only one stage of the
discussion." Martin salt.

Pogue said Martin told him that
his ofﬁce had been overloaded with
work. and that he wanted to wait un-

 

      

FATSO'S

Wash. Ave. Exit

Fuller Rd.

<—

     
   

4x

Rt. I55

 

Please

til all the evaluations had been
received before making a recommen-
dation on any of them.

He said it was not the role of the
council to follow through after the

 

 

“THE MOST
IMAGINATIVE.
MOST
INTELLIGENT
AND MOST
ORIGINAL
FILM OF
THE YEAR!”

—VINCENT CANBV. New York Times

“A BEAUTIFUL
AND DISTURBING
FILM ELEGANT.
IRONIC AND
POIGNANT2”

—JACK KROLL.Nowsweek

 

IDUIS
MALLE'S

ramorm ncruttes PRESENTS "PRETTY BABY"
mKEIT H CARRADINE. SUSAN SARANDON
.- BROOKE SHIELDS mm POLLY PLAT'I‘
hut-"JOLLY PLATT sat-yo POLLY PLATI‘
us IDUIS MALLE "ﬁwﬂJERRY WEXLER

 

Exclusgelfhowlng CINE 1-2-3-4-5-6
a e
TODAY! Northan Mall

Colonic 459-8300

 

 

report is delivered to the Vice
President's ofﬁce.

“The Council does not ltave a
watchdog role." Poguc said. "But if
the evaluation report is ignored. let‘s
stiy. the Council would be very. very
involved then."

The council endorsed the report
evaluating Kendall. butdid not draw
it up. An evaluation committee
made up of faculty within the college
was formed to do that.

ActingSUN YA President Vincent
O'Leary said he will act on whatever
recommendation Martin forwards
to him. and will “do what I think is
appropriate to do."

“I am not loathe to act. although I
not an acting president." (Henry
said.

SA Elections

('tlllffllut'd/I‘UIM page one, .. ,..,.,.,..
ﬁrst. and we felt good." He said he
“wasn't tense awaiting the results."
and was "very happy" upon ltcaririg
of the oil-campus results. Ile added
that he was "glad that the campaign
was o\cr."

Feldtnan said that lie was stir»
prised at the pcrceittagc and had
prepared for a rttn-oll. llc stud he
"felt good about the large \otertttrn~
out" it was the largest turnout in
recent years '"Cbpcclitlly when peo-
ple felt that this was a good clectiott
and I think it shows that students arc
taking an interest in what happens
here."

"I just want to thank tltc people
who supported me. and to thank tltc
student body." he said. "and now I
can't let them down."

I‘eldman added that he hoped
Ward and Marttne/ would I'L‘lilitlll
involved with student issues,

"I‘m confident we Will hate it good
year." I‘cldman said.

Freedman explained that results
had come later this year than in prior
years because unlike prior years. the
ballots were not sorted or counted
before last night. He said this was Ill
“insure security.“ He also said thut
the record turnout slowed the court-
ting.

Partial results iii the race for
SASU delegate showed Dttth (told
with an overwhelming lead. with
Controller Mlkc lletchkop leading
(rold‘s cousin Jackie Gold by a slim
margin.

Express Buses

SUNYA‘s Wellington express
buses will now stop at Partridge
Street from It run. to noon itnd from
6p.m.on weekdays.accordingto SA
Bus Liaison Committee Co-Chairs
Kim Burke and Dave (iross. The ex-
press service. elfected by the Bus

 

 

PAGE TWO

(. earlier this month. Wlll
not stop at Partridge Street between
noon and 6 pm.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

I’-

evaluations to the SUNYA Presi-~

With the current rate it will top SI trillion by the end of the cctttut}.

Bell Charged With Softening Probe
WASHINGTON (AP) A Justice Department official accused Alton“,
General Grifﬁn Bell of undermining an internal investigation ofthe Filthy
refusing to press for the indictment of eight middle-level FBI officiak
William Gardner. one of live department officials who resigned tag.
December from a task force post investigating the F81 after it disputc W
Bell. said his task force had recommended in a 336-pagc report that four
former and four then-present FBI ofﬁcials be indicted. He said llellohjectt-tl
to that because of the number of FBI personnel targeted by the tam...
Former Acting FBI Director L. Patrick Gray Ill and twu other excctitttt-
level FBI officials were indicted earlier this month on charges resulting from
allegedly illegal break-ins ordered by the agency in the early [97(th

Italy Executive Shot By Terrorists
ROME Twa men and a woman shot a Fiat executive iii the 1ch wind...
and an anonymous caller said the attackers were nlciiihcis til the lit-ti
Brigades. the terrorist organization that kidnapped ptlltllcdl lctidcr tutti,
Moro six weeks ago. It was the second leg shooting done to [lie ttttttichttltt-
Red Brigades in two days. Police said Sergio Palmicri. 4i. titts slttllt’tsht-IL-n
his home in Turin. where IS Red Brigades members are on trial Sltttttlt
afterward. a telephone caller told an Italian news agency " | ht» |\ the Itril
Brigades. We have hit Sergio Palmieri."

Fiat is Italy‘s biggest private corporation and a frequent target ill
it~rrorists.

Brzeztnkskl to Visit China

WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter‘s national security ttd\lst:l tttllttttt
China next month. prepared to reafﬁrm the administration's goal ol norittti
diplomatic relations between the countries. But Zbigniew lit/crtttkskitttll
not conduct talks on issues blocking diplomatic recognition. ptcstdt-tttttl
press secretary Jody l’owcll says. Brzezinkski will visit China from Mttt 2lllll
May 23. and then travel to Tokyo and Seoul for talks with Japanese and
South Korean leaders. Powell said Wednesday. Brie/inkslt tttll not Ilt'
blazing the way for Carter to Visit China. Powell stttd. tttltltttg tlt.tt lllr
president has no plttns to go to the Asian country.

Lance Accepts SEC Censure

ATLANTA (AP) Bert Liincc. who received the "good of hot" tuitl ill
approval front President Carter dttritig and after his light to whom lt’tIt‘la.
hudtéct director. hits been accused of covering tip LillL‘\tltIll.illlt' lt\.t|l\ ltt
liiniscll and his rclatitcs made through two Georgia banks Il\.' Ulltt' t.tit lltit

SPOKCSIHH for Lance. who reportedly was in Australia and lllttt\.illtlltlt‘ ht:
comment. said he rcalt/cd no "personal financial gain" II iilll [llt‘ |l.lll\.|tllttltt
lhc Securitics and ILxcahngc Commission and lltc tiltttt .-t :h.
Cf’mplmllcr 0f the Currency filed their civil complaint til I Minna:
(Pun “"5 cumPlaini. which also named as defendants tIlt' \.tttott.t. |l.tttt '
("turgid in Atlanta and the I‘irst National Bank of Calhoun tt.t than-t:
I‘llncc "“lnlf’uhltt‘d the banks to get special loans and o\citlt.tlt .tot llllt.~.'

his relatives and his |974 gubernatorial campaign IIIIitI

Aighan Rebel Hit Capital
th DELHI. India (AP) Rebel forccs ttsirig tanks and \lll.til .tt ltl~ .ttt. t 3
key government buddtngs iti Kabul. Afghanistan. tcsIt-ttlt .l.‘ .llt .Il‘j‘~

"Pupi‘llcmpl ilgﬂtlthl President Moliatnrncd [)ttotttl. tlll‘lltllmltt whim '
New Delhi reported. Several hours later it could not hc tlt-ttt llllllttl uttvllt
m" “MS hill-l SUCCL‘Cdcd. the sources said. Ihc\ said hwltu “It‘- W
scattered throughout the \icinity ot the heat ics't lighting. tiltltllltl lllt than.

Ministry and the former Royal Palace compound. whit ll lllt its!“ [limit
residence.

Man Sues Parents tor “Malpractice”
BOULDER. ('olo. lAI’l A 24-year-old titan hits lilctl \llll in Dom" ( "'"V

ltcrc seeking 5350.000 in damages lrotti his titothct and t.tilt. l lt-l tttt.t: it.»
l‘iwycrdc‘wnbcd “5 Parental malpractice. lottt llttttscn ttllcuctl lll lllt still that
ltls parents had inflicted etriotitirtal distress by \ttlltttllt .tllll \Wllll‘m‘

neglecting his needs for food. clothing. shelter and pstL‘lIUli'ﬂ'h'l “'l‘p‘llm
crucial times of his ltlc. Hansen's attorney. Joltn lilttshllll' -““"I"HNM1
the case was not whether parents make mistakes to raisingthctt tIlllllIL'Il. l‘lll
whether pttrcnts should be held responsible lot scttotts «Lilli-illl' I" "l"
physical and mental health ol their offspring.

Cine Million a Minute Spent on Weapons
srocxtiOLM. Sweden (Al’) The world is spending Mine“ ‘5' “""W
nttnutc on arms. 20 times more than industrialired nations sttvl'd ‘“ ""p
Poorer countries. the Stockholm International Peace Rcsctttch lilhllluw’m
yesterday. Current worldwide military expenditures total W’“ hlmmllillf
"S
.(hatrman Dr. l-rttnlt Barnaby said in releasing the WM)" "m mm" “I
World Armaments and Disarmament." Barnaby. who 15 ll“““"' "Nd
worldwide military spending is twice as high as the yearly 31”” ""“mm
product ofthe whole of Africa. about the same amount asthc gtllst‘l‘mcsm
Product of all Latin America and 20 times more thatt the tow" """u"
development assistance given by industrialized nations to Ill“ dc‘cwmg

world.
1
APRIL 28, 1978

   
  

  

m breath ' '

by Steve Oster

At least two elections will be postponed until next week because four
candidates‘ names were inadvertantly left off a full page SA ad in
Tuesday‘s ASP. according to Elections Commissioner Doug Freed-

man.

Asa result of what Freedman tertited "a human error on my part."
the names of Mike Levy. a Central Council cttndidate from Indian
quad; Hector Duval. a Senate ctindidatc front dutch; Dave Weintraub.
candidate for the Class ol"80 Council; atid Sharon Ward. a University
Council candidate were omitted front the candidate list.

The Election Regulations Act. drafted in December oflast year. re
quires that each candidate's name be presented in the ASP.

On Tuesday. |32 candidates vying for 19 ofﬁces were listed.

Both Weintraub and Ward have requested postponements. and elec-
tions are tentatively scheduled for next Tuesday. Wednesday and
Thursday on all live quads and in the Campus Center for off-

campus students.

Neitltcr Levy ttor Dtival had asked for postponements, although. ac-
cording to Freedman. they “could make such a request atanytime."

"I submitted a list to the ASP which wasn‘t up-to-datc." he said. “I
accept full responsibility for this unfortunate situation."

llowever. l‘rccdman criticized an elections system which he called
"archaic" as being fertile soil for mix-ups such as this.

" The system. in its infancy. utilized paper ballots to record the votes
of 6000 stttdeitls. Today. we serve twice that number with the same

method." he siiid.

I‘r'ccdman estimated that nearly 30.000 ballots were printed for this
week's elections. He explained that the voting machines wnich SA
owns were unavailable for use because the keys were lost.

" I'he crtttrc system must be revitalized ifit‘s to work efficiently. Ijust

 

 

don't have the time to do all that."

\

   

" ' ' ursiiowierxcoas
Elections Commissioner Doug Freedman

Ad Error Postpones
Two SA Elections

 

#1

by Karen Murat-r

An ad hoc‘ committee appointed
by SA President Dave Gold com-
pleted its review last week of a Un-.
iversity Senate proposal outlining
curriculum goal requirements for
undergraduates. The committee
accepted the concept of the un-
dergraduate Academic Council
Curriculum Committee‘s proposal.
but speciﬁcally rejected four of the
proposal‘s eight academic "goal
areas.”

The Student Association Com-
mittee to Review Educational Dis-
tribution(SACRED) came up with a
proposal which “found
achievements and failures with the
report," according to Committee
Chairperson Hugh Hill.

The proposal by the Curriculum
Committee. chaired by Business
Professor Harold Cannon and
entitled. “Goals of a Liberal
Undergraduate Education". cited
eight areas of knowledge to which
each SUNYA student should be
exposed before graduation. It
proposed speciﬁc requirements for
the BA. and 3.5. degrees. A

The SA committee report cri-
dorscs "the ideas of establishing
educational goals. identifying areas
of academic importance. and slrue-

  

turing a program to ensure that_
students become aquaintal with
such goals."

“We are accepting the need for this
proposal. but other things need to be
considered such as the need for

.better advisement. If we had good

advisement we would not needio
mandate courses. Unfortunately we
don‘t have it." said Hill.
Cannon Pleased

According to Cannon. the
Curriculum Committee viewed the-
report positively and “as a result of
this review made some minor
changes. I was pleased by it. It was
more positive then anticipated. I was
expecting a more negative report."'

The SA committee report agrees
with the Cannon Committee report
that SUNYA should mandate im—
plementation of course requirements
in the areas of "oral communica-
tion." "written communication."
"use of toolsm and "aesthetic s‘en-
sibility." It rejects the recommenda—
tion that requirements be established
which would develop speciﬁc skills
under areas defined as “breath of
perspective." “moral and ethical
judgment." “aesthetic sensibility."
and "creativity."

SACRED recommended that all
courses should undergo an im—

   

‘ SA     ' -.

mediate revision and recategoriu-
tion by level because presently they
are inconsistently and often. ar-
bitrarily designed. ‘The, committee
proposed that the number of upper
level courses (300 level or abour) re-
quired for each major be set at 36
rather than the Curriculum Com-
mittee‘s suggested 48 credits.

Although course requirements
have not been set. Hill said that the
committee “is concerned with
freedom of choice for student. If it
(course requirement list) is con-
stricted. we can't support it. If it‘s
broad. it will be helping students.
Student input on these lists is ab-
solutely necessary.“

Hill said the SA committee en-
co u rages cross-disciplinary
programs and feels that if the Un-
iversity is to implement distribution
requirements. it must emphasize im-
provement and refinement of
students‘ academic aptitudes and
skill. “Our report‘s design is such
that it encourages betterment. It
should not settle for mere proficien-
cy.“ said Hill.

Gold added that the SACRED
Report is probably the “most im-
pressive document to come out of
this office in a while. The committee
did an excellent job.“ said Gold.

Faculty Union Protests Salaries

by M. .l. Memmott

Protesting what they feel is an in-
adequate offer and deliberate stall-
ing by the state in salary
negotiations. about 70 SUNY
professors and non-teaching per-
sonnel demonstrated at the capital
yesterday.

“Negotiations have been going on
for six months now. and the state is
still offering only it four percent in-

crease across the board. with another ‘

two per cent to be given out at the
discretion of each campus presi-
dent." said United University

Carey Speaks On Soviet Jewry

by Steve ()ster

(iovcrrior H uglt Carey spoke to a
crowd of about 350 people iii front of
the campus center 'I’Uesday morning
as part iii a Jewish Students' Cotill-
tion rally on behalfofSoviet Jewry.

Joining Carey on the podium
were. among others. Assembly
Speaker Stanley Steingul. State
Senator Emanuel (iold. Acting
SUNYA President Vincent O'Icary.
and SUNYA Political Science
Professor Bernard .lolinpoll.

Rally Co-chairs Vicki Yuden-
friend and Sharon Weintraub ex-
plained that the object of the
program was twofold.

"In a general sense. we wanted to
promote the cause of Soviet Jewry.“
said Yudenfricnd. "and specifically
we wanted to assist our adopted dis-
sidents. Victor and Batshcva
Yclistratov."

Yudenfricnd explained that the
two soviet Jews were "adopted" last
year when their neice made an
appeal to the community on their
behalf. The Moscow couple ltavc
been "litirrassed. fired from their
jobs and denied leave."

It was hoped by the rally leaders
that the show of solidarity and con~
cern would both create impetus for
more US action on beltiill‘ofSoviet
Jewry and lift the spirits of the
Yelistratovs. whom Weintraub
described as "depressed."

“As part of the program. we com-

APRIL 28. 1978

pclled students to send letters to Vic-
tor and Batshcva in hopes of
boosting morale and putting
pressure on Soviet authorities." she
said.

The Newman Association. a
Catholic organization. offered to
pay $2 of the $2.73 posttige on each
letter sent.

The students who braved the chil-
ly. 50-degrec weather listened to
Hebrew singing and prayer. as well
as several emotionally-charged
speeches.

Carey. who spoke last. implored
those attending to "rally for the
cause ofthe Yclistratovs...and many
others who need our help."

Called For Support
"These people...arc citizens of our
world and are fighting for beliefs
that we ourselves have fottght for."
he said.
Steingut. Gold and Johnpoll also
called for support for the oppressed

peoples.
Steingut said that "we must citll
upon the President to...plcdge

allegiance to total victory for
freedom and basic human rights.”
“We didn't eliminate the Third
Reich." said Gold. “to make way for
a bunch of Soviet hoodlums. God
will bless us and we will succeed."
Johnpoll stated:"So long as one
man is unable to leave the Soviet Un-
ion'. so long as men are persecuted in
Soweto; so long are all of us in

prison."

.Iohnpoll and Gold were critical of
the Carter administration's efforts
on behalf of Soviet Jewry.

"I think our government is doing
notlting.“ the professor said
afterward. "It seems to think that its
biggest problem is growing
peanuts."

Most attending viewed the rally as
a great success. both in terms ol'stu—
dent turnout and commtinity par-
ticipaiion.

Weintraub said that Mayor Cor-
ning. who was unable to attend due
to illness. had pledged to send a letter
to Secretary of State Cyrus Vance
calling for greater pressure to be pttt
on Moscow from Washington. and
that a number of senators would be
persuing the same objective in the
near future.

“1 was very happy with the tur—
nout.“ Weintraub said. "and I'm
confident that we‘ve raised people's
awareness."

Governor Carey said afterwards
that he Viewed this event as a
“singular success because of the par-
ticipation of young people.“

“It's very important that our
young are aware and strong enough
to take this initiative." he said.

President O'Leary said that he was
"delighted" by the show of campus
unity. calling it "a good day for the
campus. and a good day for our peo-
ple."

Professions President Samuel J.
Wakshull. UUP is the union which
represents all SUNY faculty and
non-teaching personnel.

According to one demonstrator
the average salary increase for
SUNY personnel has been about
four percent for the last few years.
and there was no increase two years
ago. "With the cost ofliving rising at
six to seven per cent a year. we felt it
was time to bring our case to the peo-
ple and the governor. so we organiz-
cd this protest." said Wakshull.

Representatives from many ofthe
SUNY campuses cttrried signs and
marched in a circle around the
capital building. They handed out
sheets of orange paper outlining
their grievances to the lunchtime
crowd of office workers. None ofthe
paricipants would allow their names
to appear in print except Wakshull.

The UUP members feel that the
state has been deliberately holding
up the negotiations which were go-
ing on with the Governor's Office of
Employee Relations even as they

   
   

picketcd. According to the Assistant
Director of Employee Relations
Leonard Kershaw. during yester-
day‘s meeting "neither side modiﬁed
'its position.“

“As far as any charges that we‘ve
been holding up the negotiations. i
can just point out that we‘ve been
meeting with the UUP virtually
every Week since the bargaining
began in mid-December." Kershaw
said. He added that there is a
meeting planned for sometime next
week.

“This is a salary negotiation only.
the contract runs through June I979.
The reason we‘re negotiating now is
that the contract calls for salary ad—
justments in its second year. That se—
cond year will begin July first.“ said
Kcrshaw.

SUNYA Admissions Counselor
George Mitchell. who is the campus

U UP Vice- President for Non-
tcaching Professionals. does not feel
the state has been entirely sincere
during the negotiations.
continued on page [OW

UPSEithA mucus

Governor Hugh Carey addreasod a crowd oi about 560 pooploln iron!
at the Campus Center Tuesday during a rally on Soviet Jewry.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE THREE

 

