 

 

 

By JIM LEONARD

ncle Sarri riray soori let its

make otrr own beer at ltorire

tax lree. Last March. tlte

“bathtub beer bill“ sailed

through the llotise without
objection and it now sits in the Senate.
l'or years the l‘edcral goiet'nnient has
prohibited the home niantilacttire oi' beer.
although it presently allows only heads oi
households to produce tip to 200 gallons
of wine each year. Acutally. the l'reastiry
Department seldom. it ever. prosecutes
anyone i'or minor violatioirs ol' this larv.
Its primary ptirpose. when written. was to
enable the "revenooers" to prosectite big
titne bootleggers. lhe ric\va proposed
law will permit each head ol household to
make tip to 200 gallons and a sitigle
person up to tilt) gallons oleither wine or
beer annually.

Making home brew is an ancient art
that dates back to 6000 lit‘. When the
Mesopotamians and. later. the
Egyptians. made beer lr‘orn barley. At
that time. tlte brew waslreqttcntly tised as
a riredicine with spices arid certain hitter
herbs. lhese herbs were a lor'ertlnnct‘ oi
ottr present-day hops.

in the -arly days ol our cotintry.
(ieorge Washington. Sariitrel Adams.
lltornas .lel'l'erson. James Madison.
Patrick Henry. and many other i'amous
colonists brewed their own beer by the
relatively erridc methods then available.
in iact. a copy oi (icorge Washington's
recipe. in his own handwriting. still exists
today in a museum in New York.

So you will be well prepared ior this i'ar
reaching social reiorrn. l have described a
very easy to follow recipe for l'ernrcnting
your own home brew. 'I’here are many
excellent recipes available and while this
may not be the best. it‘s very simple and
should enable you to produce a good-
tasting brew on your lirst try. Actually.
this recipe was developed by Leigh l’.
Beadle: an author ol’several l'ine books on
making your own home brew. liquors,
soft drinks and wine.

Becoming a home brewer requires a
relatively small investment for the

purchase of
equipment. With the
exception ol brittle caps. the only
other ptrrchases required for
succeeding batches will be the
ingredients. l'irst we will need something
to serve as a tttri. a large container itsed
[or the primary Ierriteritation. l have
iotriid that a small plastic garbage citri
with lid is ideal. liither the sixteen or
twenty gallon siIe works qttite well tor a
live gallon batch. During i'crrncntation a
layer ol' heavier-than-air carboti dioxide
gas will hunt on top ol the brew. llrc large
capacity contairter \vrll seryc tti hold that
gas rind thus protect the brew ironi
airborne bacteria which cart spoil it.
Additionally. a large cart will help
preterit a me spillover ol l'oam.
()bvirittsly yoti will want to use a new can.
costing lrom lottr to lite dollars.

Next. get live one-gallon jugs. ()ld
plastic milk containers will workjttst lirte.

Also pick tip a length oi aquarium hose
approximately six leet long with a
diameter oi a qtiartervinch or so for
siphoning.

lhe biggest problcrii lies iii gettitig
enouin bottles to hold lite gallons oi
brew. ll you carclttlly iollow directions
iliere should be no danger ol air
explosion. However. you should rise only
those bottles designed to withstand
pressure anrl deiinrtely use only
retttrnable bottles. lhey are lar stronger
than “no-deposits" and certainly rnticli
saler. You will need either twenty rruarr
si/e bottles or a little over two ~ases oi 12
o/. bottles. Another possibility may be
using ten oi the new plastic two-liter
bottles now ttsed by Pepsi arid ('okc.
Although I don't know how strong they
are. it one did explode the plastic should
certainly be l'ar less ha/ardous than
shattering glass. Yon cart reuse the twist
caps but remember to trglitcri with a
rubber strap to prevent leakage. it won‘t
be necessary to obtain dark~co|orerl
bottles. Since it Will be kept iii a dark
location riiost ol the time anyway. there
won't be much ol art opportitntty ior the
beer to be ai'l'ected by light.

On your lirst trip to the home brewer‘s
supply store pick up a beer liydrorneter
(M will btiy a good one). one gross oi~
bottle caps and a bottle capper. If
possible. btty the bottle caps with a soft
plastic lining. Avoid the cork—lined caps;l
have had nothing but trottble with them.
It you do use them. soak tltciii in hot
water to solicit the cork. Cappers cost
ironi four to twelve dollars. the more
expensive cappers are safer. easier to
operate and will probably last a
generation if used properly.

Once you have obtained all oi' the

 

   

necessary
eqttiprncrit you are all set

to go with the exception ol the
ingredients. llris is an e\ccptioiially
simple beer recipe requiring only a icw
ingredients. yet prodth ' a llayor and
body that lar stirpa. s riiost til the
domestic beers. ()I corirse. that‘s orin my

 
 

opiirion.

While you are at the ironic brewer's
supply store ask Ior three pounds ol dark
dried mall (or one can ol tirrlioppcd riralt
syrup extract). one pack oi llallertatter
hops. one pack oi dried beer y 'ast. and a
coriplc ol pounds oi corn sugar.
Household stiger riiay be substituted l'or
corn sugar but I have noticed a slightly
negative ei’l'cct on Ilavor. l‘eel tree to
substitute the can ol tirrlropped malt
syrup extract tor the dried rrialt. I
personally have no prclererree ol one over
the other. You may be late ted to learn
that the llrillertatter hops are the very
same hops tiscd to flavor botli lleinekcn
arid (iernian l.owenbrati.

Now to begin. Wash all equipment with
a mild soltitiori oi water and baking soda.
then rinse with hot water. Never wash
with detergents since even small traces
may allect the beer.

till the tttii (garbage cart) with lotrr
gallons ol lukewarm water. no more than
eighty degrees let the water sit
uncovered overrrrglrt to allow the chlorine
to escape. l’otrr one more gallon ol' water
rirto a large pot. bring to a boil and turn
oil the heat. Adrl the entire three pounds
ol riialt (or cart ril extract) and tour cups
ol corn sugar. Stir until di. ol\cd. lhe
reason Ior trrrrring oil the heat is to ayoid
bttrning any malt on the bottorri ol the
pan until it has had a cltarice to
thoroughly dissolve. Add the entire
package ol hops except Ior one
teasporiirltil. stir. and re—heat to a
moderate boil. Watch otrt l'or l'oaniing
when it initially starts to boil again or you
and your neighbors may smell the very
distinct odor oi rrralt bttrriirig on the
stove. Alter thirty minutes. add the
reriiairrirrg teaspoonlttl oi hops. (‘oritintte
boiling Ior another i'iltecii riiitititcs. then
turn oil the heat. Now pour the niixtrrrc
rriio the ttiri with the rest oi the water.

l’otrr three-iotirtlis oi the pack ol beer
yeast irrto actip oi lukewarm waterand let
sit tor about ten rnirrtrtcs. Stir. theiiadd to
the trtii with the rest oi the mixture. li'yon
\tant to minimi/c your chances oi l’ailtire.
its ‘ a yeast “starter.” A starth' consists oi
one package oi y ‘ltSl, two ounces ol sugar
and one pint oi’ lukewarm water. Let the
starter stand covered from three to i'otir
hours and rise iii plaeeoi'thc“ten minute"
rrictlirid I mentioned above.

We entire mixture is now 'alled
"wort" (sounds like litirt) until it has
thoroughly lcrmented. Put the garbage
can lid on securely. then place the tttri
containing the wort in a closet or
someplace where the mixture eriii sit at
room ternperattire httt away from any
bright light. Avoid removing the cover

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

l ti ti

o I t c n.

b rrt

c it e ck

to see it

there is a

heavy layer

oi | on iii
lloatirig tilt
the stirlace. lhis
s h o ttld a ppeai

williiri a day or two, it

ll does. their \otr are well

on yotii way to becoming a

strccessltrl home brewer. ll ll

doesn't. try adding the

remaining yeast and watch ll lot a

ten days. .«\itcr about three days the
loam should liayc subsided criottgli to
cirable yoti to see the dark liquid wort
again. Now. without l\\'l.\ll|lg the ltlll. liit
ll on top oi a sturdy table arirl siphon oil
the wort rrtto the HM: gallon rugs. When
siphoning. place theend oi the hose in one
sptil on tltc bottom oi the ttrii arirl lca\c it
there, \oirr til‘tlc‘tfllu‘ is to get the wort ottt
arid lca\e as much sediment behind as
possible. lhis is striirlar to the winemak~
llbL' practice ol tacking m which the wine
is periodically siphoned oil the less (sedi-
irietrt). ii” the lugs to about one inch
Irorii the top. pinching the hose to stop
the How.

('ttt a plastic trash liitcr irtto squares
large criotrgli to co\cr the top oi Ihejtig.
l'lacc a piece ol this plastic orer each jug
and secttre tightly with a rubber band.
lhrs allows the carbon dioxide to escape
.tllti pre\ents airborne bacteria ironi
spoiling the wort. Place the jugs on old
newspapers in case the ioariidrihhles oycr
the top. 1 ct them sit at room temperature
lor at least one week. llicrr check the
speciiic gt'ayrty with the hydroiitctcr.
Ideally it should read l.00t). bill when it
reads aliortt 1.005 or lower. the brew is
ready to bc bottled.

Although I lia\c ric\er loiind it
rrcccssary. yon cart aid the sclthngproccss
by rising gelatin. lhe day belorc you plan
on bottling. dissolyc two small cri\clopcs
ol Knox tinllayorcrl gelatin in ltrit water.
l‘otir the gelatin oycr the top ol the brew
In each itig. coier. and allow to .sit
oycrriight.

(‘areiully siphon all Iiic gallons back
rrito the run. Again. lcrrie the yeast
sediment behind. Now lirrrrg one clip oi
water arid one level clip oi coi‘rr sugar to a
htili. Add this to the entire iive~gal|on
mixture and stir. lly this time most oi the
rrialt and corn sugar has been converted
by yeast en/ymes to alcohol aritl carbon
dioxide. lly adding a careltilly measured
amotint oi sugar we can control the
degree oi carbonation in otrr home brew.
Never add more than one atirl a quarter
crrps oi sugar to a live-gallon batch or you
may i'irid yoiirsell rudely awakened in the
riiirldlc oi' the night by several lrittd
explosions. Siplrrirr the nrixtttre iirto the
returnable bottles. leaving one-half inch
at the top. and cap. Your home brew will

riattrrally

carbonate

right in the brittle. Most domestic
breweries sate the carbon dioxide
produced dtiring initial iermentation and
reuse it to charge the beer Just belorc it is
bottled.

l et the bottles stand tipriglit for at least
two more weeks in a iairly dark area at
roorii tcriiper'aturc. Alter ten days. give
each bottle a sharp twist to dislodge any
yeast serlirncni adhering to the neck and
sides oi the bottles. Soorr the beer will
settle to a golden clear color. Although
ready to drink alter two w ecks. the brew
will reach its peak llavor alter live weeks
and will last indciiiietely.

Keeping the bottlestipriglitatalltinies.
place them in the rcirigerator the day
belorc yott warit to sariiplc your liotiic
brew. When potiririg. select a container
slightly larger than the bottle. l’our
slowly to iiiiiiiriii/c bttbblirrg at tltc neck.
l’ottr' the entire contents slowly and
steadily. stopping just belorc the y 'ast
sediriieiit reaches the opening. Don't get
upset il sorrieol the sediment does get iritri
your glass lor it is actually very nutritious
and an excellent source oi' Vitamin ll. Wc
merclv don‘t want the y st to spoil the
appe t'ancc ol otir wonderl'ttl brew.

Most people are very surprised at the
ilavor ol' hornebi'ew. Don‘t expect it to
taste riittcli like Schlitl or Budweiser.
Domestic beers are very light. in tact.
some say trio light. Recently brewers iii
this country ltave been discovering that
there is a rapidly growing market for the
rlarker. heavier beers. l'he succ ssi'ul re—
cmcrgence ol bock and ()ktoberlest beers

 

 

 

prove it.

According to the University ol North
Carolina. this liorric brew will have orie-
twell'th the 'arbohydrates and two-thirds
the calories of commercial beers. How
about that? Good taste rind it's less i'illing.
Now where have I heard that bei'ore'?

Yorir homemade beer will also contain
none of the i'ii‘tyatine artificial additich
which the government has identified in
contriiercial American beer. There are so
many additives in domestic beers that the
industry has been able to gain an

 

c xc m p-

tioii i‘rom

listing all iri-

grcdicrits on the

labels. Why'.’ l'hc in-

dtlstry has l'rankly ad—

mitted that to do so would

make the beers so tinapp -a|irig

that their stiles could be seriously
damaged. However. I have noticed

that at least two oi the new light
beers are beiirg advertised as having

no additrvics whatsocter. lt isabouttimc.
l‘or years. (ier‘mariy has baitrted all iri-
grcdients ill their beers other than malted

barley. hops. water and yeast.

So now you are probably wondering
where the hell yott can ﬁnd a home
brewer‘s supply store. i‘l'ont what I have
been able to determine. there is only one
in tltc entire Metroland area. the
('orrntry llrewer at lliS .lay Street iii
Schenectady generally has a good supply
on hand. btit you should call rib-ad for
hours. I he number is in the yellow pages
under “Wineriiaking Supplies.“ While
you are there. ask Ior a tree copy oi'
lieadle‘s beer-making procedure. it
condenses the birsic things I ltavc said
onto one page.

It you are interested in learning riiore
about horitc bi‘cwing'l highly recommend
pickiirg tip a paperback copy oi' Hem/lea
Hrr'ir‘ // lourx’c/ji It's a very good book
tor the novice home brewer and also goes
iriio detail on making simple wines.
liquors. artrl solt drinks.

By the way. lorgct about any rumors
that you 'an go blind by drinking home
brew. Home brew is probably sal'er l'or
yoti than any beer you‘ll lirid rat the
riiarket. I‘liat rtirnor got started because
sortie people were iii lith goirtg blind btit
lrom drinking white lightening not
liotiie brew. lliose old mottrttain people
knew how to make the stui'l'really potcitt.
bill they forgot about lead in the solder
which they ttsed to join their copper stills
together. lhey \vere acttially sul'i‘ering
ironi lead poisoning.

Don‘t lorget that home brewing is
technically not yet legal. However, as
long as you consume your ltoriie brew on
your own premises the l'reasttry
Department probably won't bother you.
l‘or (iod's sake and yours. don't try to sell
arty.

Alter purchasing all of the equipment
needed to get started. the average cost of
ingredients will only b ' arottnd 75 cents a
six-pack. However. cheap price is not
among the primary reasons we home
brewers go to the trouble to ferment our
own brew. We do it to produce a beer full
oi‘ i‘lavor, full of body. madcjust the way
we like it; a beer that we can proudly call
otrr own.

Now that you know the basics ol‘home
brewing. good luck. and as the Germans
say. “l’rosit!”

 

 

