. vs : ,
...,.. . ﬁ-...h.__w,_.\ -A—gw‘.‘~'v‘_W-A.M‘g— “Lag—ca

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

  
 

Albany StateClnema - -

l.Srmrll Change. ....Fri., 7:30. 9:30, LC l8
1 2.7he Shoqtisr...’ ...Sat., 7:30, 9:30, LC l8
Tower East Cheats '

DJ: ' Fri., Sat, 7:30. to. LC 7
“The International Film Group

I. The Nelve Chatrr,......  Fri., 7:30, 10, LC 1

2. The Welve Chairs. .....Sat., 7:30. To, LC 1

3.Rocky Horror Picture Show .. Fri.. Sat., midnight, LC 18

Off Campus

Cine 1-6 459-8300

 

 

 

  

LThe One and Only 7I 9:15
2.ann 7:30, To
3.Suturday Night Fever .............................................................. .. 7. 9:30
4.Star Wars 8, lO:l5
4.77m World's Greatest Low-r ..8:l5. 10:l5

 

6.Loaking For Mr. Gaodbar . . . . . . . . .. 7:15. 10
Cinema 7 7854625
The Goodbye Girl 7:30, 9:45

Fox Colonle 4594020
I.Ilt‘gh Anxiety 7: l5. 9

 

 

 

 

 

 

2.The Turning Point 7: l5. 9:30
Hellman Center 1 dz 2 459-2l70

l.The Other Side of the Mountain Part II ............................. ..7:.l5. 9: l5

2.(‘ “ ' 7,9:l5
Hellman 459-5322

The Betsy 7, 9:30
Hellman Towne 785- l 5 l5

Close Encounters oj'Ihe Third Kind .......................................... .. 7. 9:45
Mohawk Mall 370-1920

|.Sarurday Night Fever .......................................................... ..7: l5. 9:45

2.The One and Only 7, 9

3. The Goodbye Girl ............................................................... ..7:30, 9:45
Madison 489-543l

C 1 'Ir 7‘ 9

crossword

 

 

 

L"     
Bent:

  

 

  
  
  

 

 

   

 

 

G'Uhtf "’0
but I Think “'9
i up '

   

   

 

/ ~ 7 ’
 Yo“ t 
Whit ol'd "l u do
’, ihisdlggreil’micK
/  ti? liberal? you.

 

 

-‘ {camment

 

 

    
 
 

 

 

   

 

 

.lniemded in Joining a Bear-n Man Rm Cit/b TCluK Nod Fri ‘5 ﬂats for Wither def-oils. Merl/y isn'+ he?

V
FRED ileBlRD it: mansions r Rimsruammo
I’M Sltk OF YouR WE‘VE “Willi ABOUT lTI
Excusesggimea RICKSTER,RND WE FEEL "r"
you Pram Nam You DESEto/E nj Kip! KEALLYi'THRNKS
STRIP TWIUE A ft LOT @075:
\, WEEK on I QUIT!
THIS swung
SEKlOU '
. ‘iES.WE'LL

,, . . .
-. cg. dilating

i l0 3-/
(ll of.
..,\w-’

   
 

HA HA HA HA HA
Hill
HA HA till—HA/

\\_

  
 
 

 
   
 

    

 
 
   
  

  

  

 

0". y. \l
"r 1 

FRED'lkE BilBD Eight-ally F—K'l'lnc'i‘ (i5 Hus Mend .2 Only Torn tdlll i’qll 

 

 

 

\ . . r——\s r--'*
f/ﬁEDNOU'VE BEEN VERY ogsERVAN‘r?V RUSSIAN FLU.P SOUNDS
. more Wsumoti. Hon)! WE HAD THE PRETTY NASTYMEWF

ii LHTELY, [F l [HAS TO l RUSSmN FLU Fog—m5 YOU DlE. l HOPE VOU / "J A”  A“

, I . . , 1 HOW TO (DOD
mnKE An EDUCATE!) , PM“ FM; 9W5, LEINL ME YOURblEREO , ‘ L A I

leusss . to W Yaw. \  WWW

\ (HERE SlCK- 
’i’ “ “‘21 i-M

pic/7 - .

   
   

3-)]

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

. MADISON THEATRE
l030 Madison Ave 489-543]

IT'S
the solution
to last week's

Madison Theatre
presents

 

 

 

 

 
  
   
    
  

   
  
 
 
   
   
    
   
     
    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

PUZZLE” SASQUATCH
,~ - , . . Corny to the Madison,
 Sj'l's'l'yogl‘g‘gg'oo W/lt’l‘t’ you don't have to spend
ACROSS 46 Part of NCAA (abbr.) 12 Brazil resort ' ' $3.50/ur a maple]
47 Distrilgute. a; 13 Blanking abbrevi-
a as hair cards 2 was. a on
.lt gigghrzb‘goier- 48 Jesus inscription 14 Metric measures The" [Sadlﬁercncdll 0hr
simplification 49 Armed sea mollusks (abbr. 39m
15 Arrow poison 50 Those artlasent :2 glrstiizdgf ques PREPARE FOR: year
c atin enmity 55 Opera so 0 pposl . "
ii uiidi 9— 56 Ben1liu5. e.g. 25 Izod-5st)»: Actress    
ats 57 Not ce w .
i3  Ekelter" 58 One way to determine 26 Busy GRE Q GMAT . OCAT . VAT
Zl Call's partner 50-Across (2 ads.) 27 liurdy-surdy (3 lids-l Our broad range 0/ programs prov/dos an utnbratla oi ms).
22 Steal 59 Ending for gliss 29 TV Tarzan. Ron — mg‘know-how that onabtos us to olior tho bostproparatlon
23 EN“ 30, "— Sac: I” gragggziorgtzgiat’tzr :Itlch cousrso IIla taken. Overt” Iyoars
_ a o , in access. ma cuss .
24 iiamfu‘ snake; DOWN  —-— 59 y home study materials. Couraus that aro“firmtil’niii'l‘ymitmi
28 “Ml” °" the u d m 1 M AlJlOlR Ol’l‘l Linlod. Permanent centers Open days. avonlngs a wee -
Roof" matchmaker l Farmer cartoon show  STE—“:2”: sage: P L I J u 5] undo all your. Complete iapo tactlitias ior review at class
2” W“ "l"°““ 2 lion... m u A c A o a M a T i8?“.2i.1:ii.l‘:l.l§%.°l   Make-«m
30 qu na soun  B S .- ~ N u, can a“,
- e wheels 3 Packaging need 39 Card game d u“
ii iiiiﬂgaiiievmmn 2 it‘s.  xemtrglnsphm A 2 3 ill ’14 g S R 3”" NATL MEDC'ggﬂG O FLEX
artz variot 4 Six- no stanzas -
g: tfilbla scrap ’ 5 Fencing sword 44 — room (ramble) A E R C I N G I A R " Hum. koﬁ'g‘E-PfﬁfuhBOARDS
35 At an impasse 6 Ending for pay 46 Go on — R A N a P R o N Albany can“
37 Tend the garden 7 They ha" flippers ‘7 AWN“ o L g c H a u A g L g ms new“, A
38 third employments 2 wds. 48 ""h:t'5 "‘ f" A A R S a o o T ,l. R A. M Dam": Vc- 8h]; ﬂ
40 toward the stern 0 gmgzhselamntary 50 7):" of c” (Wm) R 0 N A B 0 phone: (5m) “Hm,
ii ili‘gwn pigment 9 Sgrsdof being wan   o :‘R A T o E A A E B  EnucmouAtcettrlnnn
:3  w '0 "Natzﬁr "our" "on 5] 5“ 6.919 r Clhlrtnniuwltlttmunltauu.lotlmlsal dz'vm.‘l“ '
L 45 First garden ll Siouan 54 Curved letter  mu men

 

 

and explain both sides of the discrepancy to
the student body. While the ASP reporter
Denise Lenti‘ was interviewing me, I
thoroughly explained what had happened as
objectively as possible.

Much to my surprise. as I read the aniclel
found no trace of my side oi" the storm-an
uncorrect quotation from my interview. and
no evidence of having intcrvicwcd the other
student rejected, Ncil Roscnlhal.

What I did find was an overpowering and
inaccurate tale told by Hcdi McKinley and
Dorothy Gallagher. Gallagher. whom I‘ve
ncvcr mct. obtained her story from her
secretary. Kathy. who intcrvicwcd me. and
Mrs. McKinley obtained hcrs from Gallagher
or from her Secretary. Mrs. McKinlcy. I might
add. was not interested in hcuring what i had
to say.

i did not request that article in hopc of being
rcucccptcd to Albany Mcd. 'l'hc thing that I
am most upset about is how lhc zib‘l’rcportcr
was ovcrpowcrcd by thosc who mudc thc most
noisc. and in doing so. ncglcclcd to prcscnt all
the facts.

I thought that ASI' stood Ior Albany
Student Press.

Kurcn llumilton

. . .oi
the story

To the Editor:

I must take exception to on article in last
Tuesday's ASP. cntitlcd “Service Program
Rejects Students.“ This article. through
negligence of the reporter. did not present all
sides of the story. as the author failed to
interview me. although shcdid use my name in
thc article. The point of this letter is not to
criticize thc writcr. howcvcr; ralhcr.thc object
is to present the side of the story missing from
the article.

lluck on l)cccmhcr l. l was lntcrvicwcd by
Kathy Dcckct. secretary 10 Dorothy P.
Gallagher of thc Alhuny Mcdicul Center
Hospital. My intcrvicw wcnl vcry well. and
from what I cotlld icll oi thc wuy Ma. Dcckcr
was talking to Inc. I was ucccptcd into thc
volunteer program.

The following day. | uccompunicd Kurcn
Hamilton to hcr inlcrvicw Willl Ms. l)cckcr. I
sat rcuding whllc Hamilton and Dcckcr
urgucd. At onc point. I intcrjcctcd with lhc
observation that what Ms. Dcckcr was saying
was almost. word for word. what somconc at
Memorial Hospital had said when I was
having a convcrsution with that prison thc
previous day. I thought it ll slrungc
coincidcncc. and Ms. l)cckcr ltlltl i had it
laugh over it. I then rcsumcd rcuding whilc
Hamilton and Dcckcr continued arguing.

Thc following week. i i‘cccivcd my icitcr ol
rcjcction. Thinking that lhcrc must bc sonic
mistukc(sincc i did think I had been ucccptcd
at my intcrvicw). I cullcd Kathy Dcckcl. only
to have hcr act vicious and insulting ovct‘ lhc
phonc. Thcn shc hung up on inc. lhc
following day. i called Mrs. (inllughcr. and
shc was cvcn morc vicious and instilling than
Ms. Dcckcr. Shc. too. hung tip on me. Wllill
gulls me is that Mrs. Gallagher llittl ncvct cvcu
met me and would not cvcn ugrcc to do so.

It is quite ironic that thch two pcoplc
should act as such. smcc in the letter of
rejection they wrote. “your ultiludc during the
intcrvicw lcuvcs much to bc dcsircd in
relationships with pcoplc which is what
working in a hospital is it” about.“ ll'such is
the case then perhaps Mrs. (iullughcr and Ms.
Dcckcr ought to consider other lincs of work.
Thcir attitude is not too good. either.

Ncil Roscuthul

snow
job

To the Editor:

On behalf of all the students with cars on
campus we would like to thank maintcmtncc
for their efﬁciency and conscientiousness with

   

lots.

We both park our cars in the Colonial lot
and have learned a new game which we call
“Cross Country Parking.“ It begins by sliding
over the two foot high snow drifts (which
block each parking spot). This is not as simple
as it sounds since one must rock his or her car
for 20 minutes to complete this exit maneuver.

The second phase begins by backinginto the
five foot wide, semi-cleared aisles which are
blocked by abandoned cars. due to the
haphazard way in which the lot is cleared.

Once an escape pattern is conceived of one
must bcable to guide his vehicle around the ice
ladcn turns. To complete the exit from the lot
one must accelerate to 50 mph to clear the ice
ditcth that guard the entrance to the Colonial
lot. (Many a VW has been lost in their great
depths.)

Upon returning to the lot. onc must rcpcut
thc previously described steps (in rcvcrse
order. of course) with onc slight exception. A
problem arises as to finding a viable parking
spot (most are harder to got into than an upper
Icch business course).

Wc have mastered the correct technique to
park our cars and call it the “Whiplash
I’lungc.“ This entails ﬂooring the gas pedal.
finding a large gap in the walls of snow and
then jamming on our brakes to position the
cars. Whilc this is huppcning wc naturally pruy
not to hit a true or a snow huricd loyotu.

Although we find this garlic in continuing
challcngc. It is unnecessary to play it iivc days
ul'lcr cuch snow. We do not scc lhc hcncfits of
thc thrcc dollar registration fcc which cvcry
car owner on campus must puy. lhis fcc
cniitlcs us to use our cars on campus which is
rarely possiblc during much ol’ thc wintcr.

At this institution of higher lcurning wc arc
umuzcd that no one can dcvisc an ndcquutc
snow removal technique. Is John V. Lindsay
thc hcud of this department?

We hch dcviscd the following mcthod to
ullcviutc this problem. After a snowfall. on
ultcrnulc nights. clcor cuch quad purkinglot oi
curs and allow them to park in othcr urcus.

Once this is accomplished it would be extremely
simple to plow the lots fully. It also would not
hurt to throw down somc salt. which wc lutvc
not sccn since wc slid into Albany lhrcc ycars
ugo.

Wc hope that this Icltcr \vlll misc sonic
questions in the minds oi liiosc lll churgc oi
muintcnancc and hope ihcy will rccvuluulc
lhcir prcvious mclhod ol snow rcmovul
wuiting for the spring Iliuwl

llriun Kulr
.lcil W. Roscn

steak
dinner

To the Editor:

lam writingin response to the picture which
appeared in the Feb. l0ih ASP of our Acting
President and Vice Prcsidcnt for Acting Af-
fairs enjoying one of the famous SUNYA
meals in the Colonial Quad cafeteria. When
reading the caption I entered a state of total
disbelief. How can these authorities choose at
random that particular night (when they serv-
cd stcnk) to sample a UAS meal on one ofthc
Quads?

Now why couldn't ihcy huvu gonc unothcr
night when UAS scrch thcir usual
nutritltious. wcll-bulonccd. palatable mculs
whosc digestion usuully incurs lhosc stomach
disorders which we arc all familiar with?
Because the Administration is reluctant to
accept the realistic quality ol'Quud meals and
in choosing that night remains blind to thc
situation of the students. I appeal to the
President that he sample again (this time
without any prior notiﬁcation) the condition
of the food service and after evaluating it from
a student‘s viewpoint assist us in radically
modifying the stinking. rotten condition of
this service on the Quads.

regard to the snow removal in campus parking l

editorial
Withdraw The “W”

Currently, the University Senate is' working on the issue of whether
students have the right to withdraw from courses. .

But what happens to the student after he withdraws from the course?
The transcript comes in the mail at the end of the semester, and there it
is, a big fat "W" staring right up at him. And that “W‘f will remain all
throughout the student's college career, a haunting reminder of a course
that was left unfinished.

There are many reasons why students opt to withdraw from courses.
The obvious one is that he would rather withdrawthan ﬂunk a course:
That, however, is not the only explanation.

Perhaps the course does not meet the student's expectations. Perhaps
the instructor decides that he hates the student, or vice-verso. Perhaps
the student has gotten a job at the same time as the course. Perhaps the
student came down with the flu and would rather not jeopardize four
other courses in order to catch up with the work in one.

As can be seen, not all of these reasons for dropping courses are the
student‘s fault. But a “W” on a transcript has only one connotation:
negative. To those applying for a job or grad school, it shows only one
thing: that the student couldn’t hack it. I

When a student withdraws from a course, he loses credit for the
course, no matter how late in the semester it is. Isn‘t this enough?

At Binghamton, no D's, P5, or W‘s appear on the students‘
transcripts. in today’s competitive job market it is, unfortunately,
essential, for students to have any edges they can get. One ofthese edges
is not having a negative mark such as a “W” on the transcript. The time
has come for the “W” to be withdrawn.

Theatre Of The Absurd

The Class of '78 still hasn‘t received any money from someone the
courts found innocent, but we all know better. Muhammad Ali loses the
heavyweight title to someone with eight professional fights. SUNYA
students boycott Nestle‘s products only to find out that UAS has been
giving them another brand all along in the cafeterias. Long Island gets
twicc as much snow as Albany.

And Student Association, in its never ending quest to cut costs in
order to free up cash for its special projects, substantially cuts field trips
for the Outing Club. Ah, the absurdities of life. . . .

 

é . dish

TOM MAITIZLLO Editor-in Chief
Mnruew Cox News Editor
Seance Rxcmo General latrines: Manager
JEANNE Jxv hurtful-lion Manager
Busmm News
Associate News Editors
Jill liabcr, Aron Smith
ziSPerr: Edi/m

Paouucrron
Associate Produrrian Manager
Michael E. Gilitos
Head Typist

Ilurincsr Manager
Waltcr Thomas
Iii/ling Dt'purtment

 

Edward Grodskyj

Carol Coiriss, Debby Yclin
Payroll Manager
Ellcn Finc
Advertising Manager
llriun Cuhill
Sales Personnel
Mike Ardun, Rich Mcrmclstcm
C lus'sijietl Advertising
David Phillips
All Layout
Kclly Kitu
All Composition
Ircnt: Firmat. Evan Forlinsky
Debbie Kopf. Kathy Quculy
Ofﬁce Staff
Mark Balthazard

Jonathan llodgcs
Associate ASI’t't'ts [-llt’lors
(i. Puscul Zachary
Dennis Schcycr
[Editorial Page: Editor
Jon Lafayette
Spam- Edi/or
Eddie Etncrmun
Associate Sports Editor
Rich Seligson
lurllur News
luuric (ilascr
Preview Page
Helene Tanner
AP Manager:

Ellcn Muradcn. Jesse Schercr
News Assistant
Laura Schruub
Murgtu‘

Sandy Robinson

ESTA [IL/SHED I9l6

Jody Wilner
Paste-Up
Lorraine DiPierro, Gina Galli
Rich Piazza. Jamie Rothman
Stephanie Sherman
Laurie Studwell Lisa Wesley
Typists
Clara Kuehlcr. Lynn Laufer
Laurie Lcsku. Loraine Libertore
Steve Muucr. Diane Morrison
Diana Oruci. Amy Phillips
Joan Silvcrblatt, Adela Stclzer
Sue Zellncr
Compost/ton
Put McGlynn. Amy Sours
Camera
Dave Kaplow. Jeff Levitan
Graphic Arts
Rick Blum
Page Preparation
Andrew Marx

Sta/f Writers: Stcvc llruckeu. Milo: Fried. Ken Kunz, Denise unci. M. J. Memmott.
Jerry Mikorcnda. Peter Nadcl. Mike Peurlmun. J. M. Reilly. Dennis Schcyer. Paul Schwarl

The Allmn y Slur/rm Prm is published every Tuesday and hiday during the school year bylhe
Albany Student Press Corporation. an independent nor-far-pra/lt organization. Editorial
policy is determined by Illt' Editor-ln-Chieﬂ and I: subject to review by the Masthead Slaw:
Mat/lug atltlrrn: Albany Studrm Press. CC 329 I400 Washington Ave" Albany. NY [2.222

 

 

 

IOMID OF DIRECTORS

albanysrudenrpness conponarion

Sreruen DZINANKA 0 Srsmra Munro 0 DANIEL GAIN”

 

 

   

  
  
  

  
  
  
   

         
  
  

m=w a,

 

