 

 

 

 

 to Reopen Negotiations

PRETORIA. S. AFRICAULP) Secretary of State Cyrus

,Vance and four allies met with the leaders of the South
African government today to try to persuade them to
abandon plans to go it alone in Soutli~West Africa and
reopen negotiations on the U.N. plan for the delayed
independence of the big mineral-rich territory. Vance.
Foreign Secretary David Owen of Britain, Foreign Minister
Hans-Dietrich Genscher of West Germany. Foreign Minister
Donald Jamieson of Canada and Deputy Foreign Minister
Olivier Stirn of France were to confer yesterday and today
with Prime Minister Pieter W. Botha and Foreign Minister
Roelof F. “Pik” Botha. It was the highest ranking foreign
delegation ever to confront the white-minority South
African government on its own soil. But a member owaen‘s
staff who declined to be identified by name said the visitors
. didn't expect to turn South Africa around; “what we‘d like to
do is to end up still talking after these two days." “There are
obstacles and difﬁculties.“ Foreign Minister Botha told
reporters, “but maybe we can makean opportunity out ofthe
obstticles and difficulties to improve conditions in all of

SLA'Story Comes to an End

OAKLAND. CA.(AP) The end of the ﬁve-year saga ofthe
Symbionese Liberation Army camein a subdued cottrtrotim
j ust two blocks from where it all began in ii blaze ofgunfire.
When it was over. six S|.A members were dead. fottr were iri
prison arid their trrost famous recruit taken against her will

was asking President Carter forciernency and release from
_|illf and reportedly talking of marriage. it was itstory written
on the lrorit pages of newspapers around the world.
launching the must massive search in FBI history. and brief Iy

radicals spawned by the turbulent l960s. Now. it has ended.
ilie architects of the SLA. William and limily Harris. will
spend at least the next five years in prison for the l974
kidnapping of Patricia Hearst and their attorneys srry they
are turning away from violence as an instrument til political
reform. I. t ii‘thcir coruritdcs-in-arms. Joseph Rcmiro and

rpm-m new. haters -- v .. . .

southern Africa. .

C"l’lur'lltt lht: fancy ol the dendlinE “th 0f It‘ll-Wing protfttt't as markedly improved over costlier versions

\Russell Little. are serving life sentences for thc Novcntfm lfit scirirtorslrnif icon-scriptures. Matty questions cotild not

I

be answered promptly Monday as key staff members slept
after working stretches up to 48 hours. Although the bill will
cut income taxes for 65 million conples and individuals next
year. coupled with Social Security tax increases. the
individual tax cuts are not impressive.

Winter Olympics in Trouble

LAKE PLACID. N.Y. (AP) Already stumbling under huge
deficits and other problems, the Lake Placid Olympic
Organizing Committee is now under investigation for
possible financial irregularities in its preparations for the
1980 Winter Olympics. In a copyrighted story Saturday.
Ottawa News Service disclosed that federal auditors have
uncovered “apparent irregularities” in the awarding or
construction contracts. and found other questionable
ﬁnancial practices such as "double-dipping" by committee

give his name and address. The challenge to the law was employees for travel expenses. The story says investigators
brought by Zuckary C. Brown. who was ﬁned $45 plus S42in are also looking into possible conflicts of interest anion-g
court costs for refusing to tell police his name and address Olympic organizers. nepotism. and htgh-lrvrng by committh
when they stopped him while he was walkinginanalleyin El members during their international travel on comrnittec
f’aso on Dec. 9. I977. In a legal brieffrled with the Supreme business. The Economic Development Administration. in
Court. Brown's lawyer. Ruymon C. Caballero. said the Washington confirmedthat because ofthe audit frndrngs,rt
police stopped Brown merely because he was a young black had assigned its investigations unit to probe the LI 0C.

ritale whom the police had not seen before in the , ,
Carey Knocks Duryea 3 Word

neighborhood. lhe officer said there was no suspicion that
Brown had committed it crime. Caballero said. Brown‘s
petition to the Supreme Court contends that the law is
ovcrbroad and vague. punishes silence as a form of ALBANY. N-y- (AP) Dcmocrm GOV- Hugh Carc)’ hits
expression and is an invasion of privacy. Charged "i5 RCPUblicun "PPoncnl Perry Duryca. Wlfh
talking out of botli sides of his mouth on aid to New York
t'ity and with “disscmbling” on other issues as well. “I don‘t
Tar     talk one way upstate and one way downstate." Carey asserted
Sunday eveitirrg as the two cancidates met in the third of a
WASHINGTON (Al’) 'I he White House guardcdly endorsed series of televised debates. "l‘m not goingto say one thing in
\cslcitlat the Still] billion tax cut Congress approved in its SFI'WUW “"d SUmUlhinB'CMirC'Y different in New York
irrndrip session. with a spokesman describing the f‘iiitti ( "l-N “C "ddcd- 0" ""d‘iyv Duryca ‘Old the Syracuse
Chainth of Commerce. “l Will not bankrupt the state to save
the city." lltrt Stinday. while campaigning in Manhattan be
pledged. "We‘re going to save it. . . We would go right up to
the point that the entire state would collapse.“ Duryca denied
that the statements cotiflictcd. "if anyone reads the body of
flu: report that came out of Syracuse yesterday, they will find
i silitf the nitric thing all over this state." he said during the

1973 ambush of Oakland schooisSupt. Marcus Foster, a
popular black whose assassination stripped the fledgling
revolutionaries of black support. it wasleftto the Harrrses to
close the book on the SLA. pleading guiltyto abducting Miss
Hearst and receiving their sentences last week in an Oakland
courtroom. Although Bill Harris stood up in court for one
final gesture. saying. softly in Spanish. “The struggle
continues. We will win." it was without the stridency of
earlier times. His attorney. Leonard Weinglass. said the
ilarrises have had it lot oftime to think about their methods
of the past and intend to “stay outoftrouble"intbe future.

Court Reviews Texas Law

WASHINGTON (AP) The Supreme Court decided
yesterday to review the constitutionality of a Texas law
which permits police to arrest a pedestrian for refusing to

President (‘artcr had tlircatenedto veto. Buttliefiiiril.formal
\crsion tlf the rircasure probably won‘t reach him fordays. as
legislatnc aides work on the mountain ofpaper Congress left
behind from the furious last days ofthe session which ended
Sunday. It \otcr‘s aren't sure wltat is in the final enactments
in the ‘tStlr ( origrcss. tlicy iltt\L' plenty of company among

 

 

 

 

 

Emmett Fields ll experiencing SUNYA-Ilka budget
problems down at Vanderbilt. (Photo: M.A.Hovak)

.Fields Plows On

It seems that former SUNYA President Emmett Fields is
cxpericttcing similar ﬁnancial problems with the academic
budget at Vanderbilt University that he faced at SUNYA.

According to Managing Editor of Vanderbilt University
newspaper The Hustler. Tracy Wilkinson. Fields is
beginning a rettssesment of the entire academic program.
Wilkinson said that “every unit is going to be re-evaluated in
light of a constricting budget."

Fields will decide what progrrirus to cut rind what
programs to add. Wilkinson also said that despite the annual
fund raiser. which garnered over l50 million dollars. there
could be nogrowtli in the amide-mic program without causing
a deficit.

l'ields' move to Nashville was regarded by a Vanderbilt
staff member as it "homecoming" to the university where lie
received his masters and doctorate degrees and served as
Dean of the College of Arts rind Sciences for nine years.

Another controversy for Fields has been with his fticttlty
regarding salaries. According to Wilkinson. Fields will trot
give cost of living raisesand will grantrtiises only on the basis
of merit.

 

 

 

\:

 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 

'1. floor apartment at the l‘ilI\L'I\ll_\‘ l’fa/a. at the base of State

  
   

decided by the Sin Board of l'rustccs to attempt to locate

\lrcliacl l.cc. llre Credit Union currently has about 260\
members. said Daskin.

He explained that the newest development in the credit
union is their split rate policy. in which those accounts with
tip to 35500 \vill. as always. receive 5 l/‘4 percent interest.
.rccorirrts bctiiccn $500 and $l00il will receive 5 3/4 percent.
-||lt| those \\Illl o\cr $|000will receive 6 U4 percent interest;
.1” compounded quarterly.

the only problem now facing the Credit Union. said
lliiskrrr. is that “we have no office; no place to hold
conferences for loans of in which to keep ourﬁles. We were
denied space last year when our Credit Union was only on
paper. Brit tlrrs year. when we applied again. we were again
tlvriivtl spacc.‘~

Office space on campus is gratith by the cuitiprrs Center

\dtrsor'y Board. Acting Director of Campus Center and

Acting Director of University Activities Jim Doellcf’cld said
‘1" “l. "HW‘V' ’ I . be transmitted the request to the Advisory Board at the
Before Wharton was offered the chancellorshrp. it was “wrung u” Scm‘ 20‘ 1978. N0 “Cm.” was mm” m I)...
incctmg due to other requirements for space. and that
because there are four new members on the Advisory Board.
they named more information before giving their request.
—Jessieu Salles

flt‘ftls and his staff were tiriatarlablc for comment on both
lssllt's.
-—Roherl Blusrnsteiti

Chancellor House For Sale

llic liotrrc currently seriutg as SUNY Chancellor‘s
residence for Ur. anti Mrs. Clifton Wharton will be offered
for safe when a new residence is ready fortlrern.irccording to
\ctrng Yrcc Chancellor of SUNY Affairs Richard (iillman,
l'resciitly. Ilic Whailoiis reside at ~10 Marion Awnuc til it
. housi- (iillnran described as "utiftinctional. nncotiilortable
.rird .iii ttlt'tIIi\i.‘tth'Itt.‘t.‘ to its neighbors \vhctictcr a meeting I.\
held there. as adequate par king is utiaiarlablc."
Iltc chancellor will be mot mg to a nculy I'enmatcd three-

rtiore satisfactory housing arrangements.
tiillnran said that. once the Wliartons vacate the Mttriori
‘ deuce. it will be ttirncd over to the state Office of
General Services. which will attempt to ﬁnd another state
agency interested iii the house.

“If we can‘t find a buyer. the house will be placed on
auction." lie said.

Previously. the Whartoirs rejected as too costly a plan to
renmate the house. Instead. according to Oillman. they
chose the least expensive option. ati apartment in the south
tower of the University Plaza.

“It! Plaza is SUNY's first single-building multiple
residence. capable of holding about 750 ettrployees.

He said that Wharton will also pay rent on his state owned
residence.

 

—Mlke Rhett

 

Business Is Booming

Business at SUN YA‘s Credit Union is expatrdittg with no
place to expand. according to Credit Uiiiotr President.
Richard flaskin.

"We now offer tirerrrbei sltrp to frrli trrtre graduate students.
SUNYA altirnrri. and parents of SUNYA members iii a joint
account. and we‘re growing at an average rate of five-new
members per business day.“ says Credit Utiioii Secretary

    

The new credit union has gnmered about 260 members
and more loin each day. (Photo: Bob Leonard)

 

tlL'fttIlc. J

Lam. .

a;

 

 

 

 

ﬁfsiiinﬁyi—Eéwsﬁbrie‘fs’

 

PAGE TWO

ALBANKSTUDENT PRESS OCTOBER 17. 1978

 

 

 

 

 

 

DOB Holds SUNYA Budget Talk

by MJ. Memmott

SUNYA‘s $50 million budget for
next year was aired at an informal
hearing conducted by the Divsion of
Budget (DOB) yesterday in the
Alfred ii. Smith building on Swan
Street. The closed meeting was
attended by SUNYA President Vin-
cent 0‘ Leary. various SUNYA Vice
Presidents. representatives from
SUNY Central and the SUNYA
faculty. and SA President Paul
Fcldman

"The 11 ' .zrve us their speech
about th riitlc'ﬁ financial dif-
ficulties to i. Am the meeting. and
the President [0 Leary] responded
iii a cogent and consisc manner."
said Vice President for Academic
Affairs David Martin.

“We then presented a slide show

about where SUNYA wants to go_
with the new budget. as far as
students and programs go." Martin
said. “The DOB was impressed by
utir budget. especially the fact that it
was easy to understand.“

0‘ Leary also felt that the DOB
was impressed by SUNYA‘s budget
work. “Much of the meeting was
focused on our three~year budgeting
process. which the DOB seemed very
happy with." said 0‘ Leary. SUNYA
is attempting to plan ﬁscal and
academic policies to at least three
years in the future. rather than on a
year to year basis.

SUNYA‘s proposed budget for
this year includes a $3 million in-
crease over the current operating
budget. The preparation of the
budget takes a full year of

Wharton’s Directorship
Earnings Given to SUNY

by Jeff Kennell

SUNY Chancellor Clifton Whar-
ton will give the $40,000 to 545.000
ire earns from his corporate direc-
torships to SUNY. as he did when he
was Michigan State University
(MSU) President, according to at
SUNY Public Relations Officer.

Wharton served on boards ofthe
Ford Motor Company and the
Burroughs Corporation during his
tenure at MSU. Cumulativcly. over
the period of I970-77 when Wharton
lteaded MSU. his contributions to
that institution amounted to $205,-
000.

Upon assuming the
chtinecilorship of SUNY. Wharton
cotititiucd his practices with his cor—
porate board fees. He is no longer a
member ofthe Burroughs board. but
the annual income from his
membership on the Ford Motor
Company board will come to
SU NY. The fees will be used for pur-
poses determined by SUNY‘s Board
of Trustees.

Wharton‘s practice regarding his
corporate board fees is highly un-
usual. according to a public relations
officer at the Office of University Af-
fair s. "It is exceptionally generous of
the Chancellor to make such large
contributions.“ said the official.

the Uni\ctsily Affairs news

release also stated that MSU will use
396.000 iii unexpended funds from
Wharton‘s $205,000 corporate
board earnings in support of its new
performing arts center.

Earlier. MSU announced that
$30,000 of Dr. Wharton‘s board fees
were allocated to commission an
oirtdoor sculpture for the MSU per-
forming arts center. according to the
ircws release.

According to Acting Vice
Chancellor for SUNY Affairs.
Richard Gillman. the Chancellor
will have given as much as renova-
tion costs resulting from the building
of his new residence in the SUNY
Central Complex will have
atnnttnted to in three years. “There is
no connection between it [the
renovation cost] and the corporate
fees.“ said (iiilrnan. Both these
figures are close to $l45.000. accor-
ding to (iillman.

it is estirtiated that by the end of
this year. SUNY and MSU will have
received a total of about one quarter
million dollars. according to the Un-
iversity Affairs news release; this
figtrre is derived frorii the $205.0le
Wharton earned while at MSU and
with Ford and Burronglrs,and from
the h4il.ill)ft-Sil5.il00 Wharton will
earn this year \\ftifc at SUNY and
\titlr f'ttltf.

cooperative work by SUNYA and
SUNY Central.

In 1977. Governor Carey propos—
ed n budget cut of $559,000 for
SUNYA. by eliminating 63
positions. However. the Executive‘s
proposal in January I978 increased
SUNYA‘s budget by almost $1.7
million. Once the budget is delivered
by the (ioverner to the State
Legislature. it is subject to some
alterations by that body.

“Each year. the DOB meets with
various SUNY campuses. usually on

a rotating basis from year to year. lt'

is meant to be a constructive hear-
ing.“ 0‘ Leary said.
Next Step

[be next step for SUN YA will be
the general SUNY budget hearings
conducted by the DOB with
Chancellor Clifford Wharton. From
there. according to Martin. the DOB
will present the final budget to the
governor; probably sometime this
f'al .

ilie actual talk on motley was
divided into two sections Martin
said. “We outlined exactly what we
ltave iii mind within our existing
financial resources. and what we
would like to do with any increases
in funds after that.“ Martin said.

“We won‘t hear untiltlrc first week
of February exactly what we‘re get-

» 41317 a.

  

41

Vice Pneldent for Academlc Affairs Devld Martin called yesterday's
SUNYA budget hearing an Informal one. (Photo: Sam TerIIII)

ting in the budget. because that‘s
when the Governor will be ready to
release it.“ Martin said. He added
that last ycartlte budget was released
itt January. but because of the
November gubernatorial election
arid the possibility of a new chiefcx-
cctrtive being elected. the process has
been slowed down.
SA President

Paul l-‘eidman

attended the meeting at the request
of the SUNYA administrators. but
did not speak to the group. Feldman
said the DOB Chief Budget Ex-
aminer Paul Veillette asked him ifhe
wished to add to comments made by
SUNYA Dean for Student Affairs
Neil Brown on stuent services. "i
would have if Dean Brown hadn‘t
done so well.“ Feldman said.

Sexuality Clinic Business Steady

by Debby Smith

Student response to the recently
opened branch clinic of Planned
Parenthood at the SUNYA inﬁr-
mary has been good. said Albany
Planned Parenthood Executive
Director Ruth Kleppcr. but some
improvements must be made accor-
ding to the Chair of the Board coor-
dinating the program. Jackie Uelb.

About 20 students per week are
using the services of the clinic which
opened Sept. 2|. according to
Kleppcr.

“‘lhiirgs are going very nicely.
Wc'vc gotten a very positive
response from the students who are
rising the facilities so far." said
Kleppcr. She said the 20 students
each week fill the available appoint-
iiietrt slots.

“ l liere are things that aren't inthe
netttal clinic that we want." said
Chair of the Co-ordinating Board
for the Human Sexuality Program
Jackie Gelb.

There is not enough space in the
SUNYA infirmary for a day clinic
and the use of women gynecologists
would he preferred. according to
(iclh.

"We need another time for the
clinic. One evening is not enough.
We discussed a weekend clinic or asa
last resort anothernight."said Gclb.

llrc clinic is staffed on Thursday
evenings from 5:00 p.m. 109100 p.m..
n itlr medical care by appointment. it
will be open on Fridays for a few
hours. to give out supplies; no ex-
aminations will be given. according
to (ielb.

Schools Question Value of SASU Membership

by Charles Bell

SUNY campus memberships in
the Studcirt Association of the State
University (SASU) and SASU Cen-
tral staff have been assessing the

"membership prospects for the cum-

iirg year.

SASU Vice President for Campus
Affairs Larry Mullin said that this
year's membership is expected to be
“around fit or 20 schools. although
only five or six have so far paid their
dues."

'l‘he SUNY campuses wliicii have
not eotnrnitted themselves to SASU
membership are SUNY Buffalo.
SUC tit Fredonia. Pltittsburgh.
Brockport. Buffalo. and Oswego.
Mtrilin. whose job it is to recruit
membership to SASU said that a
high rate of membership in the
organization is important not only
to bring unity arid force to bear
behind certain issues. btit also to
keep SASU solvent.

The dues each member campus
pays to SASU is determined by
enrollment figures. liach campus
pays at the rate of 85 cents for every

Editor's nole: This it the/"I'm! in a
Itvo-parl .t‘t‘I‘ft'J’ on SASU
niciirbershi/J.

OCTOBER 17, 1978

 

~ ‘sifztwrittmr..7,iv.s>. .. .t‘ . -

12 credits of enrollment. Mullin ex-
plained that campus dues amounted
last year to $72.000. which is more
than half of SASU's entire annual
bttdget. He said that the dues are
crucial to a balanced budget. and ex-
plained that the current $6000
dcfccit is due in part to Old West-
hury's withdrawal from SASU last
rear.

“Old Westbury had made a com-
mittrnent to joirt. then their ad-
ministration froze their activities
fees and were unable to join." said
Mullin. “We had been counting on
their $2000."

Brockport SA President Bob
llenncssy. whose campus has not yet
made a decision on SASU
membership for next year. views the
organization favorably. "it's the last
or the only stronghold of student
lobbyitig irr Albany." he said. btit
riddcd that student scirtiinent is
mostly against membership.

Buffalo State SA President Dan
McCornrack said that student dis-
irttcrest is also keeping his campus
from renewing SASU membership.
McCormack said flint the college's
organizations are unwilling to spend
the extra l.2 percent of their budgets
that would be necessary to pay the

SAS U dues. “it isrr‘t really f'airto tax

the organizations the extra rrroncy if

they feel SASU is a waste of
resources."

Muffin said that Buffalo State
benefitted from its SASU

membership last year. "We helped
them get their field house con-
structed.“ Mulliit said.

Buffalo State SA Treasurer Ben
Zuffrttnerri doesn't consider SASU‘s
role in the building project very
significant. Zuffrancrri said that
SASU lobbied actively for the Un-
iversity at Buffalo's building project
and meanwhile did very little for
Buffalo State.

When we were lobbying in Albany
for the field house. SASU did
nothing more than to set up one set
of interviews witlt the legislators,"
said Zuffrancrri. “If that's what you
call helping us. then I guess they
did.“

litffranerri explained that the
College‘s Senate left SASU
membership funds out of this yeiir‘s
budget because it felt that it was not
of high priority.

“()ur priorities are at ltonte." said
Zuf'francrri. “Many of otir
organizations have been cut back
alreridy. and it‘s not worth spending

thousands a year on SASU. which
only indirectly benefits the students
here.“ Zulf'rancrri estimated that
although it was a 1.2 percent tax on
organizations that was suggested to
pay for SASU dues. tfte sum actually
represents 20 or 30 percent of all
money actually being used for stu-
dent purposes.

Zuffranerri added that while SA
President McCormack supports
SASU membership, he is part of an
“exclusive minority" on the SUC
Buffalo Campus. “i know fora fact."
iic said. "that SASU has no support
ltere.“

“We found that SASU‘s record
keeping was inefﬁcient and their in-
formation was incomplete." said
Zuffranerri in explaining his own
opposition to membership. “The
splinter frictions in the group
resulted in alot of inﬁghting. They
weren‘t as effective lobbyists as we
were. SASU was lobbying eight
issues at a time. We found it was
better to get one thing accomplished
properly tlruti to do eight things
poorly."

Brockport SA President Dan
lletmessy said that the SASU issue is
"still up iii the air" on that campus.

continued on page ﬁve

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS '

uThe sexuality program encom-
passes a lot more than the actual
Planned Parenthood clinic . . . We
want it to be much more than just a
contraception clinic. We want to set
up a counseling-educational
program on campus about human
sexuality. Part of it based on the
same kind of counseling as Middle
liarth. working with Middle Earth
arid Planned Parenthood as to how
to set it up," said (ielb.

(ielh cited the fact that
gynecological exams are being given
for reasons other than for contracep-
tioir. as a rnajur improvement over
the Medical Center Clinic run last
year.

According to Kleppcr. many off-
cariipus students currently use the
downtown Planned Parenthood ser-
vices. but the opening of the uptown
clittic provides students with more
options. allowing tltcm a broader
choice of appointment scheduling.
as well as easier access and back-up
attention.

“All records are kept downtown.
This keeps the records confidential,
arid enables us to have the records
dowmown in case of emergency."
she said.

A one-semester course in human

sexuality for interested students, and

a training course. in which the first
semester will be geared to learning to
work with other people. and the se-
cond semester. to doing actual
clinical activities. were set up this
semester and will be expanded next
semester. The latter course will be
taught by guest lectureres.according
to Gelb.

Next semester the Co-ordinating
Board for the Human Sexuality
Program. which has a majority of
students. will be looking into the
possibility of getting a federal grant.
enabling them to renovate Waverly
House, or to build a new structure.
so as to have space for thewhole sex-
uality program. according to Gelb.

Members of the Co-ordinating
Board will travel to SUNY Buffalo
on Oct.22. to see the human
sexuality program there which was
the basis for the originas SUNYA
clinic propasul. according to Gelb.

PAGE THREE

