‘my'lw¢m~.«<,npﬂ_~w“ ‘

..v“.~o~‘ﬂc. n..~~~- ‘._ ....... .

If

2“

image happenings on Sunday

night TV.

No—wait—~actually they‘re

not so strange. . .seems like

Star Wars? And hey. isn‘t that
Ben Cartwright? Where‘s Little Joe an i
Hoss? is Luke Skywalker around? How
about Jim Kirk? And. most importantly,
will ABC make millions on the most
astronmically expensive intergalactic war
in TV histoqﬂ

Steve 03th
Jolt Schantz

 

With $7 million alreadyin the till. and a
stratasphcric 5500.000 price tag on each
successive episode. liiittlestar Galactica
represents the largest gamble

Other-plated Cylons merciless metal mauradere tr
, om outer
mochanlzod technicolor attack on Lorne Green and c::i:::;nou

in TV

 

 

 

'tlcstf‘r.

s 

0 ‘WO

history. And. if the first two episodes are
any indication, ABC is playing with
loaded dice.

it's the coiisumateTV extravaganza. A
veritable melting pot of Star Wars,
Charlies's Angels. The Ten
Commandments and that old TV
programming stand-by. plagarism. The
wilards behind the tube have garnered
each and every ratings booster around-
from boobs to barbs and back again-
adding a pinch of astrotechnicai
gimmickery. two tablespoons of hype,
stirred until firm. and served.

What popped out ofthe oven is aspace
opera which looks and tastes great but is
of questionable nutritional value.

It goes like this: Sometime in the
future. the human race is confronted by

nt a The crew oi the Battle:

the age-old dilemma of negotiationor
war with a dreaded enemy. Disprovtng
the theory that man. the highest ordered
mammal. learns from his mistakes. the
well-minded leaders disregard the
warnings of stately Lorne Greene and
negotiate themselves into a vulnerable
position. I
While the entire Terran war machine is
parsecs away at the bargaining table. a
Pearl Harbourish sneak attack by
Cylons. machines gone megalomanic,
reduces the human race to space dust.
After the commerical. all that remains is
one warship. the Galactica. a few
thousand survivors. some snazzy looking
hardware and Lorne Greene. naturally.
Greene. tears welling. vows to lead his
tribe to the muthical birthplace of his
peoplea rock in the galazy called Earth.
Presumably. Greene will also be
leading ABC to the bank. What they have
done here is precisely what the United
States government failed to do ten years
ago: they‘ve given us a war we can ﬁnally
believe in. And as we all know, nothing
gets the collective adrenaline pumping
like a good war.
to begin with, we're tremendous
underdogs. (“Golly. Lorne. . .all we have
left is one ship. a jar ofpeanut butter, and
a fragment of the Constitution. . .")
Furthermore. we've been viciously
stabbed in the back, caught with our
swords in our ploughshares. But ABC has
gone even further; it would not sufﬁce for
us to witness the mere destruction ofthe
human race — and every one of us has
been personally touched by the loss of
Lorne‘s wife and youngest son,

Clockwise are;

Goloe
 1k *Or is it t

For the icing on the cake. we are given
the ultimate enemybox ofﬁce wise. For
years democracy's enemies have been
characterized as everything analogy to its
blue chip conclusion. The Cylons are

For the icing on the cake. we are given
the ultimate enemy —- box office wise
For years democracy's enemies have been
characterized as everything from
inhuman gooks to Stalin‘s little creatures-
now ABC has taken this analogy to itsj
blue chip conclusion. The Cylons are
machines. When Captain Apollo
tobliterates a hundred or so of them

neither he (nor we) need feel any remorse.

But ABC isn‘t gambling its millions
simply in order to appeal to only those
nationalists among us. An investment of
this size must show a proportionally
humongour return; to hedge their bet,
they've thrown in something for
everyone.

For the pious amongst us, episode one
is replete with biblical references. Anyone
missing the Christ symbolism in the

opening scenes should check his pulse
immediately. Leaving subtlety behind.
ABC kicked the us in the head with a last
Supper re-cnactment complete with
robes. twelve apostles, a grail of Wine,
_Judas. and Christ, naturally.

Refusing to neglect any aspect of the
Judeo — Christian heritage, by using
Lorne, Greene in the lead, ABC has come
as close as possible to portraying Moses
save having Charlton Heston play the
part.

if your particular opiate is old uar
movies, no longer will you have to burn
the midnight oil to take in some plated-

tar Gelactlca plugglng Into the Nellaon ratings-
Mh'm' snfbuck. Captain Apollo and Ben Cartwrighi-

 .p‘.m,.crz.-31‘e.i:m.tc.Lg; anew?»

i»

' v “jw,W-vin.wwa~q “gunmen; _.,.. j. N

out, stereotyped characterization and

dialogue. in prime time, Richard Hatch

(Captain Apollo) actually turns to Dirk

Benedict (Lieutenant Starbuck) and

says:' “We‘re vastly outnumbered. . .
hundreds of their interceptors to
our two. . .but everyone knows that one.
of our pilots is worth ten of
theirs."

When you‘re so terribly outnumbered,
everyone becomes a soldier. The lsraeli
army taught us that women are valuable
behind a gun. Charlie's Angels taught us
the beautiful bodies are valuable in front
of a camera. ABC, true to form. has once
again practiced regurgitation
programming: The Galactica, low on
food and water, has a series-long supply
of curvaceous uniformed figures.

Enough you say?

No way, says ABC. Galactica is a
production custom—tailored to today‘s
audience. As the neurosis ofthe seventies
dwindies the American Dream. as many
lose sight of their life‘s objectives to the
march of technocracy — ABC has us in
mortal combat with a race of machines.

This is not to say that Battlestar
(ialactica has absolutely no redeeming
qualities. it does have one rather large
meritorious feature: if you care to sit for
an hour and disengage your mind, you
can be entertained by some of the most
spectacular visual imagery and effects
that TV has ever pulled out of someone
else's hat. n

George Dykstra, the cinemagician of
Star Wars fame, has been imported tothe
ABC studios for what he himself has
termed as more money than one can

. -..--‘ -- ' - .11-.-- .PI'.

ico _ sForth
Bucks? * “a *

imagine. Stated quite simply. he has come
up with what is certainly the most vididly
captivating effects the tabe has ever
known. However, the resemblence is
striking, which is why Galactica is being
billed as “Son of Star Wars.“

As a matter of fact. it might turn out
that ABC got more than it bargained for
in Dykstra, as 20th Century Fox has
already filed suit against what it sees as a
blatant rip—off of its sci-fi block-buster.
After stealing from within its ranks forall
these years. TV may have ﬁnally gone a
bit too far. One can only hope. . .

Galactica is fairly representative ofthe
infantile sort of programming the
American public is being subjected to.
While there may be some credence to be
given to the network‘s battle cry of“We're
giving them what they want." it is
impossible to be objective when the
airwaves are monopolized by the likes of
Laverne and Shirley, Happy Days and
the (long Show. Lowest common
denominator programming will always
yield the largest audiences. and therefore.
the greatest commercial success, but the
networks must realize that they have a
comittment to society as well as their
stockholders.

With the first generation of TV babies
now fully grown, we can see how the
impact of TV has shaped the lives and
values of those who. as the government
tells us. spent live hoursa day lookingata
magic box. With the discovery of life‘s
experiences now reduced to an image on a
screen. it is the responsibility of the
network moguls to presententertainment
based on substance. and not on Nielson

;Thc Method .
4" To the Magic

any look at it as TV‘s “Star
Wars" rip-off. Still others view
it as an exciting way to spend a
Sunday evening. Which evci‘
way you see it, ABC‘s “Battle

star Galactica" has to be the most talked

about new show of the Fall Television

line-up.

BIII Sobol

 

With a price tag of anywhere from
$250-thousand to $750~thousand per
episode, there's no doubt that ABC-TV
and Universal Studios are looking to
“Battlestar (ialactica" as a program

With the potential to keep them the number

one network. The show itselfcost almost
double of what it cost to prodcc “Star
Wars." and incltided in that are such
extravagant touches as French designer
J can—Pierre Dorleac costumes. music and
title theme performed by the l.os Angeles
Philharmonic and. so called. "richer" sets

than iii any other science fiction teleVisi on

or movie.

Special effects are what makes the
show gel, and who else would the
production company hire than-John
Dykstra, the Academy Award Winning
genius behind “Star Wars." Working out
H0f his two-story warehouse—turned-
Workshop, Dykstra and his production

at

assistants designed more than forty-five
miniattire spaceship models for use in
filming over three-hundred special
effects. According to an ABC official iii
Century City. California. the effects are
quite different than those used for “Star
Wars.“ Because of the smaller screen size
of television, many technical variations
had to be used. For example, the slower
movement of ships through space is
performed with a special miniature
photography process, plugged into an
eicctroiiie device with a twelve channel
incmoi y capability. Also used to aid in
the realism were matte painting. blue
screens. front and rear projection.
animation and a special process
combining two or more individttalpieces
of film on a single frame.

Other interesting aspects of the show

include the robot—dog. a “daggit” named .

Mtill'it. which not only houses a
chimpanzee. but took over three months
to train. even before filming began in
February 1978. The battle ship
“(ialactica“ itself looks huge on
television but in reality is 6 feet long and
weights no more than ()0 pounds.

When you see a computer system on
any television show. or even on the big
screen. chances are it's only a large panel
with lights llashing on and off. and
actually serve no purpose at all except to

 

points.

We cannot possibly overstate the
extent to which TV can mingle with. and
alter the values of a zombied viewing
audience. Let it sufﬁce to say that, if
power manifests itself in the ability to
mobilize the masses towards a given end,
then TV is the most potent weapon
known to man. The buying trends of the
American public stand as testimony to
that power. While many of us do not
know the name of the man who is our
Secretary of State. is there one among us
who does not know Mr. Whipple?

Finally. we come tothe conclusion that
TV does not respond to its audience but
rather, creates it. Therefore the defense

hat junk food programming is “What the
public wants." is begging the question. it
can be more aptly portrayed as making

*4.

the public like what it gets. 4 . ‘+

Battlestar Galactica does not emb. dy
all that is ill with TV and society in
general. but is certainly does approach it.
it is a sad commentary on oursociety that
TV spends so many millions on a project
aimed not at stimulating our minds, but
on keeping us occupied between
commericals.

For those Sci-Fi fans who were
waiting. hoping. praying for another Star
Trek, the wait continues.'For all its visual
:spectacle and its overambition, Galactica
iis not up to the standard its TV,
predecessor set. The structure is there. but
gone is the stinging social commentary
which made Star Trek more than a space
opera. For all its snappy hardware and
professional polish, keep Galactica and
give us Mr. Spock andacommunicator.

Jim Kirk. where are e non/l

- 1M-

Oscar award-winning (Starware) special effects master John Dykstar poses
with a six loot model at Battlestar Galactlca.

look realistic. Well, the producers of
“Battle Star" were taking no chances in
authenticity. so they contracted
'l'ektronix, lnc., it computer firm to
actually design a computer to be used iii
the control room of “Galactica.”

in terms of the production company.
Universal Studios. took no chances. The
executive producer, Glen Larson. has an
extensive resume of television
productions including “McCloud.”
“Qunicy.” “The Hardy Boys." and the
N BC adventure series “Sword ofJustice."

Yet. are these all the ingredients
necessary to produce a successful
television shoufl Some critics, like lssae
Assimov call it an “expensive rip—of ."
However. it‘s up to the ratings to decide

At latest count “Battiestar Galactica" is
ABC‘s number 2 program behind the new
sitcom "Taxi." which undoubtedly cost
much less to produce.

While a large majority of the audience
of “Battlestar Galactica" is interested
almostexclusively withthe specialeffects.
ABC feels that the iicting and story line
will be crucial in the success of the show.
Incoming weeks.the audience willseethe
cost involved in everything from astral
eon men to tentacled tyrants m naeing
the inhabitants of the battle ship
“Galactica.“As the network brought out
"scripts Will blend comic book action and
suspense with outright farce in their
treatment of alien beings. strange new
civilizations and a cosmic array of
shipboard personalities."

 

