      

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

dismissing _

. With,‘ erso’delicate movements of his
lefthaitd, Chris Hillman tunes his twelve
, stringlgditar in- the manager’s office of
‘ 'The Papa Bear Lounge. The ﬁrst of his
two]. sets is over, thank God._and he is have enough time to get to know each
ptep‘arin‘ for, a“; ,secgh'd, and hopefully other. They tried throwing together three
smoother. performance. The incessant? big names and billing “9 as a SUPCT'EWW
sound prbblems during the ﬁrst set had. in the Crosby, Stills, Nash tradition. But
hint cursing, aloud, and forCed him to we needed more time to rehearse
leave the stage inamadrusht'orthedoor, together. Loggins and Messina played
hoping to find equipment salvation together forayear before they went tothe
outside before the second show was to studio as a group." I
begin.’ ' _ I ' 0 2:15 a.m. -
“Luckily,” he says. putting the ﬁnal As Hillman gets more and more
touches on his tune-up, "I had time to serious, the room decays into mayhem.
stop at Pizza Hutdyuringthe intermission. Various friends take slices of pizza and
Didn‘t eat, but I playeda couple of songs climb about the room. Hillman's
for them. Hell, fiftybucksis fiftybucksl" manager asks the reporter what paper
Aninexperienced onlookerwould haVe he‘s from. The reporter answers Easy
had no inkling of his'nonsensical tone., Wider, hoping for someone to note the
and thoughttohimself,“thisiswhatit has ' old Byrd album of similar title. The
come to—a former superstar with the manager sneaks behind the writer and
Byrds is playing Pizza Huts for $50.“ with a sinister laugh asks if he has heard
The onlooker, trying not to disturb the about the dental ﬂoss slayer. The reporter
performer during his last second warm- feels a strand of dental ﬂoss enveloping
ups, whispers tothe promoterrepeatedly. his front teeth. “Wanna know the true
“I was in the trivia contest at school story of how Leon Spinks lost his front
today." he began. “and one of the teeth?" he asks, pulling harder on the
questions asked was what l960's group ﬂoss. Hillman continues undisturbed.
was originally known as the Beefeaters?" “You have to rehearse for a long time.
Hillman looked up and said quietly. “l That‘s why Kim and larejust starting to
was in that group.“ with the same tone tour now. It takes lots of work. Precision
that Harvey Kojan would say. “Your and discipline.“ Once again it is hard to
move. Sure. I heard of‘em. Good group.“ tell when he‘s pulling your proverbial leg.
There‘s something overly human about “That‘s what it's all about. Learning and
hearing a rock star who has beena part of learning and growing. Not limousines
18 albums during :he past two decades and being a rock star. Growing and
speaking matter-of-factly about a group improving, getting better and better."
that went on to become one ot'America‘s He takes on an air of total seriousness
most important bands. always tainted by an attitude of never
O.l:05 a.m. taking anything without an element ol
Hillman finishes “Eight Miles High." humor. “You know you go through all
leaves the stage. and comes back for two these changes,dil‘ferent groups, marriage,
encores, the finale a Flying Burritto divorce; you go through allthisshit--—and
Brothers tune that leaves the mild you come out of it.“ He smiles. “And it
remnant of the SRO crowd stamping gives you something to write about.“
along minutes after he's left. Much more One of the best groups Hillman played
pleased with this performance, Hillman with was called Manassas., One double
and aecompianist Kim O‘Kelley ask to be album followed by what he admits was an
left alone with theirroad manager and the awful second album. and they went the
manager of the club to take care of the way of the Burritos, another potentially
business for the day. top notch group which never quite made
0 2:00 am. it to the top. “I loved that first Manassas
In his hotel room. engulfing mouthfuls album. I thought that We were a great
of an Albany Campus pizza (“with just band. l'd love to get that band together
peppers and mushrooms, no meat“), again. Stills misses it too."
Hillman explains what made him go back 0 2:30 am.
on the. road with only one Singer and an lt slowly dawns oti all concerned that it
acoustic guuar after l5 years. is getting late. Hillman turns to Kim. “We
I “I‘ve wanted to do this for a long gotta do a laundry tomorrow.“
time: AlJUSl never had the time to think it “OK. You do it,“ she answers.
out and do it right. i haven't played like “I did it last time. You're the woman
this since i was l7. you do it." ‘
“A lot of performers like doing this. The songs you've heard about life on
Two ex-Becfeaters are on the west coast the road slowly become real.
performing only acoustic sets right now “What time's our show tomorrow “
[oi-ac Clark and Roger McGuin]. Stills '
did it recently; so did Crosby 7 neither of
them did it again." Hillman smiles and
continues. “Maybe l‘llnchr do it again."
Weren't you scared trying this after so
long'.’
“I sure as hell was. We‘ve only been on
this tour for a week. it‘s very scary being
out there with only one guitar behind
you."
0 2:“) am.
Hillman's manager and assorted
members of his road crew stroll in and
out, including his partner for the tour,
petite Kim O'Kelley, a relatively
unknown young woman who auditioned
for Hillman last fall. and after months of
rehearsal. suddenly singing alongside an
ex-membcr of the last makeshift

Bored'.“

 

PAGE 4A

‘1

:- ,tongueéin-cheek on O'Kelley‘s meteoric f
rise: “After only a few months look where 
she istoday—what a story—‘A Star is

“The Souther, Hillman, Furay never
had a chance. it was a hype. We'didn't

       
 
  

  
    
 
  
    
    
   
   
   
    
    
   
 
  

 
  
   
     

 
     
     
 
      
 
      
 
      
     
   
    
      
     
     
    
 
 

  

Chris Hillman has taken to the road again. The former Flying Burrito Brother
performed last Sunday at the Papa Bear Lounge (photo by Dave Suarez).

Hillman asks his manager.

“7:30 and l0:30."

“Where is it again?“

"Boston."

“Right.”

The inevitable Byrds reunion question
must be leaped over before the crowd

finishes filing out. “it‘s only a matter of

scheduling," Hillman says. “Someone
outside of the group would have to get it
together, and it has to be planned at least
six months in advance."

He seemed excited about trying it
again. for he admitted that the last
reunion bombed. "That album was also
done much too fast. Besides, we were all
embarking on solo careers. and we were
saving what we thought were our best
stings for ourselves. The album therefore

“It seems we’re headed toward
another era of what Big Band
music was like. In a few years,
all the good bands will beﬁlled
with fort y year olds/ They’re
the ones putting out the best
muszc,"

smiled Hillman.

“supergroup,” 'l'he Souther, Hillman.
Furay Band. Hillman, commenting —

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

   
          
      

contained compositions by Neil intro;
and Joni Mitchell, and sounded llltt' II
was done in one sitting. Hillllltllliltlllllh.
“Well. not one sitting . . 

Interestingly. the album was culled l-u/l
('iri'lt'. which is what (This llllllllllll llih
come. He admits that country lttt'lt Ix
dead. mainly because it isn't done ucll
anymore. “I hear kids doing lliiiiitii silt”
and . .  l-lc hesitates. " . it‘s. iili.
flattering. but it‘s not  Anotlici [MIN
"What these kids are putting out isii't
music. It‘s goo-goo rock. Wlllll lllt') tr
writing today is lyrically insipid "

0 2:45 a.m.

lhe conversation has gotten it littlc too
straight. Ilc complains iibotit lltl\\ pout
most disco songs are. (llllllllitll etlllﬁ it
"l'iictoried-out music). He
laughs. “It seems we're llL'i'ltlL'tl lU\\-l|tl
another cm of what liig Ilaiitt iiiiisii \\.t\
like."

Wliy‘.’

“Well, in a lew years. all lllt' gmnl
singers and all the good hands uill ht-
fillcd with lorty year olds! llici'it- lllt‘
ones ptittiiig out the best music "

lie and Kim cxit.lieudiiig loi .ig.iiiit-ot
btickgiiiiimon, again L'L'lttlltltl Iltv
drtidgcry of lite on the road

“This gtty could be the road nations“
for any band." llillinttn's manager mm
"He's been on the road so long. lot so
many years, that he knows road work in
well as anyone."

As the door closes. Hillman says I“ ll”
Pmlcge Kim. "Alright now, tell bucks it
game. right?“

“Yeah. And I'm gonna beat the paints
off you."

        
         
          
     
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
  
   
    
 

list-x, .iiiil

MARCH 10, 1978

  
 
 

 

‘ ;.r.\wa-,~am:.wr-r.mWeu.as;.;.tw

 

 

 

 

By STUART VINCENT

t happens only once a year. A

university population with a

multitude of interests,

backgrounds, and pursuits

suddenly focus their attention
on a single event. The lights of the
Campus Center Ballroom will dim and
two people will step onto the stage as the
spotlights illuminate the podium. The
audience quicts as the culmination ol
months of work unfolds before them.
Another Telethon will begin.

For the past |l years. Albany State has
conducted what has become the largest
student-run telethon in the nation. The
Wildwood School For Developmentally
Handicapped Children in Schenectady.
the recipient of about half of SUNYA's
l'clctlions. will once again provide the
needy cause for the money raised from
the various programs that make tip
lelcthon.

"This year we conducted an extensive
selection process for lclethoii," said
Rohiii l’latt who, along with Richard
Iiilcsnick. are the cliicl coordinators of
lclcthon ‘78. "lhcrc were 35 other
organizations considered. and all ol them
“etc anonymous to the lelcthon still!
that did the selecting. Our only criteria
was that they be a local organization
dealing with children."

“lhc selection was done over the
summer." said 'I tilcsnick. adding that the
\iit'ious organizations all submitted
applications before this.

Since the beginning of last semester.
various fund-raising activites have been
conducted by both the lclcthon staff and
various groups from around the
university. Among these was the ticket
sales for the door prize. which this year is
a $700.00 stereo systcnt.

  

 

MARCH 10. 1978

 

" MI year we conducted an oxtenslve selectlon process
for Telethon." uld Robln Plett. “There were

telethon

Telethon and -Wildwoocl:
Helping Each Other

  
  
 
 
  

“The children of Wildwood are
multiply handicapped. They have a
neurological impairment plus other
disabilities such as impaired or delayed
speech. emotional or learningdisabilities,
or coordination difficulties." said
Virginia Rossuck, Program Director for
the two parent organizations that make
up Wildwood. the Albany chapters oftbe
New York Association For Learning
Disabilities and The National Society For
Austic Children.

Altogether, about 200 children and
their families are served by Wildwood. In
addition to the actual school, Wildwood
also encompasses such programs as it
parent-child home training program.
summer day and overnight camps. and an
adolescent community center.

“Our objective is to combine education

   
     
    
    
 
   
  
   
   

    
   
  
   
   
  
   
  
  
   
   
  
   

   
 
   
   
  
   

£le

wtldwood serves roughly 200 ehlldren and their tamlllee and provlde such
dlveree programs as parent-chlld homo tralnlng and summer day camps.

“Our objective is to combine education and
Ilicraplii'. We include the whole/21m” y and they
arc a big part of the children’s program. The
pit/“cuts spend time in the classroom and our
stuff spend time in the children’s home,” said
If llc/lt‘tHMl Program Director Virginia Rossuck.

and therapy. We includethc whole family
and they are it big part of the children‘s
program. The parents spend time in the
classroom and our staff spend time in the
children‘s home. We‘re working towards
a consistant program between home and
school." Rossuck said.

Last year's Telethon attained a gross
total of $30,000. the largest amount ever.

’V/ 2*

35 other

 

This money went to the different
programs at Wildwood which. with the
exception of the actual school, receive no
outside funds.

"Telethon is the only outside group of
people working together to raise money
for us.“ said Rossuck. adding that the
staff and parents of the school must raise
an additional 575.000 per year through

 

x»

omenlutlone commend. and all at them wet:
anonymous to the Telethon out! that dld them-cling.

ALBANY s'ruplm' ems

  
       
   

 

various events such as garage sales and
bingo nights.

Telthon will begin at 8:00 p.m. tonight
and the segment from 8:30-9:30 p.m. will
once again be televised. According to
Plan and Talesnick. all three local
stations (6, II, and I3) will be
represented. with two of them airingthe
segment on Saturday afternoon.

In addition to the multitude of student
acts which have been scheduled‘
throughout the 24 hours. there will be pies
thrown at people who were able to raise
$50.00 or more, auctions for various
donated items, a “Price Is Right“
segment, cartoons at 6 a.m., and a very
special portion of the program- the
Children‘s hour.

This portion of Telethon will take place
between 9:00 a.m. and l:00 p.m. on
Saturday as the mood of the Ballroom is
transformed by the laughing and yelling
of children participating in the activities
that are planned for them.

“In addition to the children of
Wildwood, children of the community.
faculty. and administrators are
welcomed." said Matt.

Last night, the final checks were made.
the final acts rehearsed. Tonight at 8:00
p.m. the university community will once
again open their hearts to some very

special people. special because they need
special help and love. and most of all
because they are children. a time in our
own lives which we can remember as not
too long ago.

To summarize the idea behind it all.
one has only to recall the slogan for
Telethon '78-

 

 

“llvlng Together.
Helping Each Other"

_
photo. by

Tony Tau-rots!
g

PAOI IA

 

 

