  
  

 

.-...-c.-..... «1..

 

mmtv; Jerkv‘nw-w r~m~t u v v w (genius-n is;

pg. . H... y. M: .m~...,..~. Us...“emissary...qu .tvww,‘ “n. .w . . . . . . . . . . . .. . ..
.  _ , , .---....~.......

 

Vance to Meet Gromylco

CAI‘RO, EGYPT (AP) Prospects for a Soviet-American
treaty Iitniting nuclear arms brightened yesterday with the
announcement that Secretary of State Cyrus Vance will meet
later this month with Soviet Foreign minister Andrei
tirornyko. Announcement of the meeting indicated the two
go\crnmcnts may be ready to complete the long—elusive
SALI II agreement to impose ceilings on American and
Sovrct long-range bombers and intercontinental ballistic
missiles. After Vance‘s last meeting with Gromyko ' in
. Moscow in October. at‘ least four major issues remained
m ‘ . unresolved. U.S. officials said another meeting betWeen the
I two men would not be arranged until the Soviets signalled
that they were prepared to compromise. ln disclosing that
\ attce and Gromyko would meet again before the end ofthe
year. U.S. spokesman George Sherman refused to provide
any details. including the time and place. But Time magazine
reported they would meet in Geneva Dec. 20, and that
President Carter and Soviet President Leonid Brezhnev
might meet during the week ofJan. 15 to sign the SALT pact.
probably in Washington. 'I‘i'me said Vance and the Soviet
ambassador to the United States. Anatoly Dobrynin.
reached tentative agreement on the treaty in Washington last
week. the two top foreign policy goals of the Carter'
administration for the end of the year were it U.S.-Soviet
arms limitation treaty and a peace treaty between Egypt and
Israel. With the year running out. a concerted drive is now
under way to riiecl these objectives. but success is far from
assured.

     
   
     
  
    
 
 
   
   
    
  
 
 
  
  
  
    
  
   
  
  
     
  
 
 

A r mu» «hours-R5

no rem... .-

i~._  .
I .

Israel Pays Final Respects

JERUSALEM (AP) Ierts ol thousands of Israelis paid final
respects to former Prime Minister Golda Meir yesterday as
Ircr body lay in state in a closed. ling-draped coffin outside
the ritatii entrance to Israel‘s Parliament building. The gtttes to
thepltr/a ol the Knesset. or Parliament, were opened to thc
 prrblrc at It) till]. soon after Israeli President Yitzhak Nrivon
1 ted the ltrst mourners a small group of relatives and
tr rcrtds past the bier. Mrs. Meir. one or the pioneer
khamdcrs who presided lll the birtlt oftheJewish state in I948.

 

 

( CIWWId-néwsbriefggl »»   :.  »

 

I uscan‘s request for an extension of its state license which
undid have permitted it to make the Staten Island deliveries.

Future FBI Investigations ‘

WASHINGTON (AP) I‘lll Director William Webster has a
new contingency plan for investigating any future
assassination of a president tirotltcrelectcd U.S. official. FBI
sources say. lltc I‘Bl director was called before the House
. .'\sstlssllb‘lllons Committee yesterday to spell out details of
the plan developed to avoid deficiencies such as those in the
rtricstrgalion ot the late President John F. Kennedy‘s
orordcr'. lltc House committee disclosed at public hearings in
tictober that Kennedy's autopsy put one ofthc bullet wounds
too low. an error tlittt supported speculation of a second
assassin. Chicl Counsel G. Robert Blakey also said at the
prrblrc hearings that . the Kennedy family apparently
destroyed evtdencc r the late president's brain —~ for fear it
ought be explited. Illakey and several committee members
because ol security concerns. Sadat. pleadingthe pressure of suggested that suclt autopsies should be conducted, by the
diplomatic cllorts to revive the stalled peace negotiations. ocst experts nvtiilablc and that no family should be able to
sent an emissary. Saycd Ahmed Marci. to read his message destroy cvldertcc.
arid receive his prize. No other winners of Nobel prizes for .

died kriduy at the age of 80. Her doctors said she succumbed
to lymphoma. it disease of the lymph glands she had battled .
in secret lor l5 years. including the time from 1968 to I974
when she was prime minister. “A new generation of leaders
hasn‘t established itself yet. There‘s a sadness in seeing the old

go." one mourner told lsracl-radlo.'. -

Nobel Peace‘Prize Presented

OSLO. N()RWAY(AP) Mena'chcm Begin and Anwar Sadat
renewed their commitments to seek and Arab-Israeli peace
and pr: d President Carter's help at a gala Nobel Peace
l’rr/c pre -ntarion as 5,000 Norwegians protested the award
to them. the Israeli Prime Minister and the Egyptian
president shared the pctice prize and_its$l(35.000 stipend. but
only begin was present at Sunday‘s ceremony behind the
thick stone walls of Oslo‘s Akcrshus Castle. The heavily-
guardcd Nth-century lortrcss was used for the first time

    

 

the sciences and literature, including six Americans, received ' .
Need for Warrant Reviewed

their gold medals and checks from Sweden's King Ciirl
trustal at a ccrcntony in Stockholm.
.. v’ASlIING‘I‘ON (Al’) the Supreme Court agreed yesterday
    I to ICHL‘W the constitutionality ol'a Nchorkstutcltiw wltieh
\ permits police to enter a private home to make art arrest
nttltorit a warrant. Under the law. the police must haven
WASHINGTON (AP) lltc Supreme Court let stand probable cause to make the arrest but there is no need for
)L‘hlI-‘l‘dﬂy it New York Stale law which lets the state hirr out- tltclll to show they entered the probate premise in hot pursuit
oI-state milk dealers lrotn scllingthcir products in New York. or any otltcr emergency. In one case. Obie Riddick on'uccns'
Iltc cotirt rctuscd to hear arguments by ’I'uscan Dairy Farms uas sentenced to 2 to 5 years in prison for possession of
oi .\ew .lcrscy that the law used to keep it from selling milk tier-om. I lie police entered Riddick's home in March I974 to
“lll’ll-‘MI'C l" l’““"““”‘ superlnilrkc“ In sullen hill!“ is .rtrcst Itrniasarobberystispect.Whilcinsidc,thevscurcltcdIris
rrrtconstittitiotial. Justices Lewis F. Powell Jr. and John bedrooniandtoundsomclieroin.Riddickalsownsconvictcd
l‘.iiil Stc\crts voted to hctrr 'l'uscttn's appcttl but the votes of ol robbery arid sentenced to 51o l0‘ycars in prison. A public
Iourol tltc court‘s rirrtc members are needed tograntnrcvicw. dclcrtder representing Riddic contended that the ..tatc law
I trsctiri Is a large corporation that processes trnd sells milk in gain: more protection to propcriythanit did to art individual.
\cii Jersey. New York. Delaware, Pennsylvania and II tltc policc wrslied tocntcr aprivutchomc onlytoconducttt
.\|rrssacltusctts. In |‘)75. luscan was requested by ’atltmark. seriiclt. they would have needed a warrant. Riddick's lawyer
.r supermarket chain It services in New .lcrscy. to supply said. Iltc dclendant alsocontendcd tlttit the New York State
l'atltruar'k V‘slol'cs Ill Staten Island, The New York Court ol Appeals. iii upholding his conviction. was at odds
llcpiirtnrcnt ol Agriculture and Markets. however, denied with various lcdcrttl appeals courts around the country. )

 

 

 

 

  
 

 

   
  
  
 
  
   
  
   
   
    
  
   
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
   
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
   
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 

 

 

f
In Memoriam

llrc chtsh Stttdcnts‘ Coalition is holding a memorial
gathering to honor the late Golda Meir. former Prime
Minister til Israel. whodictl last Friday tit thcagc of ill). The
memorial will be held at 7:00 prti tonight in tltc Campus
Lcnrci Assembly Ilall. and will hcled by various members of
the .ISC.

.ISC member Rebeccu Weinberg added tlttrt the memorial
gatltcrrng is rtot going to be a service. because “Golda didn‘t
hunt a eulogy.“ and this isn't going to be one. Instead. the
people who atlcitd will share. her thoughts trnd reflect on ltcr
life. which. as Weinberg said. "is the best way we feel we can
horror tiolda.“

lbosc who attend will also ltcar quotes fornt various works
ot hers. highliglititrg ltcr eventfttl ttnd historic life. The
mcruorral gathering wrll last about 30 mintrtcs. and everyone
“I” be invited to participate.

— Jay (llssen

Induction with Honor

Signtitu Ltiudis. Il SUNYA Ironor society held it's
inductions last lucsdiry iii the Campus Centerllallroom. The
society honors any undergraduate student on campus
rrrcctrtig the acudctnic achievement standards set forth in the
Loristitution ol Signum Laudis. This fall‘s inductees were:
Litrla llasltc. Linda Dianne Brock. Robert Brodsky. Stephen
Jay ltrookmcycr. DanielJ. Brown. Donna M. Conforti. Paul
.I. DcMott. Lisa Ii. DcRobcrlis. Michael S. Donnenberg.
Paul L. l‘eldinanJilI S. l‘riedberg. Clifford S. (ilantz. Nancy
Marie Gleason. Arnold S. (iltick. liric llarris, Kathleen
lIrirrrson. William llaycs. Linda R. llcrntan. lloliv‘lcc
lludson. Judy l.ee llustick. Mtiritr lacovou. ’frudi lzllcn
Jacobson. Maria (5. Kcyes. I‘runklin W. Kroncnbcrg. Joan
Levy. Marion Low. Ntmey Murcotrigiuno. Mark Marin.
Lotus ll. Mcdvcd. Sltcryl Mintz. lilirnbetlt Nolan. Charles
l‘ekunktr. Alriri l-'. l'ciranricu. Robiit ll. Ritterirtttii. Kenneth
Itosc. lull/illiclll Itorwlld. Julie Salmon. Mark II. Scheckcr.

 

 

 

nit-ssmraeimws r — - ~

’ MW

lsarerr Sltaw. lzlysc Iicth Silvcrberg. Karen Ann Slulgttltis. these days. You walk into the roont and everyone clsc is

June lll)’ltil'. Warren Louis 'I‘ciclt. Samuel A. 'I'crilli Jr.. Iikcntsc scantily clotltcd with big smiles on their faces.

Iscirtrctlr Weslby. llcrdr Winchritari. Lloyd M. Wirshba. \llrat happens next?

James It. (cuts. , II the Clrrmtrto people at 'l‘cd Worrtcr Associtrtcsarc to be
— RON" Gumbo”! hehcrcd. yotr make Bloody Caesars.

\ltltouglr itot qurlc tltc iimhrosia ol’tlic godslot' evcn Nero
0 o R .‘
Induction with lbs

rot lllrll marth ) " l oga Caesar Ptuiclt" is guaranteed to keep
\\\'ll the blucst bcdshcct~rvcarcr toasted. llcre‘s tltc recipe:
llre initiation banquet and ccrcriiony for Fall l97ll Phi -l quarts Clamqu .ltiicc
Itetrr kappa Nominees was held over dirtncr lust rtigltt. While I bottlc vodka
.r goitrriict meal of vichyssiose. Pritnc Ribs of Ilch and \r‘.|sri|| ityrurlrkewttlt lubrisco.Worcestershire.salt.pepper
\cgctrtblc was being served. President Vtitccitt ()' l.cai‘y_ t'elcrv stalk and sortie lemons
uclcotrted the the chapter. initiates and guests. At the (our-riches it to It) thirsty ltonuitts)
t‘llllllltltllltill ol the ceremony. College of Humanities rrittl
litre Arts Dean. John Shuinaker addressed those lll
attendance with a talkon“ln Defense onuality“. The senior lU illtl I“ 5’01” “WI’I'HHWH. “'0 Humid” DWI"Ic \l’l“ “Cm 1‘
inductees were: Linda D. Brock. Donna Mirric Confort. WW “1 “5 “WWW .llllt‘L‘ along Wllh ll-‘iﬁl’l'lul mil“ I‘ll“!
Jun“ 5mm," “when Mm-y up“ Munugun‘ Kay A. W. paraphernalia tstvr/llc sticks. invitational signs. and party
ttrrcrer, Aron Newlicld. lilyse ll. Silvcrbct‘g. Jitnc 'l'uylor. “INN-“"l'lhl “C” “' ""“ll'sS Wm" “’1
and James II. /.cnls. l “mill” it’ll“ l'ill‘li'
lhc .lllllltll‘ Inductees were: Micltelle Carpenter. Anti Ill" “"0"
I.tttl|sc ('ltusrtl. Debra Ntirr Cohen. Mark David Darrow. [3'3 “WW “I ll‘L‘ Alwml'ﬁ
Michael Donncnbcrg.tilentluAnnPagan.(.‘utlicrinc (iclbcr. W“ it’ll“ N“ Will"
tors «\my tioldsrcin. ’atil John llouk. ‘I'rudi Ellen '
Jacobson. Madeline Atttt Krakowsky. chornh Stie Lufrcc.
.Irreqticliuc l.cltcrt. Steven Leslie Masters. Sheryl Leslie
.\lmt/. Ullll Kurt Needle. Richard'l‘aul Ntimrich. Ilrycc
l.irro) thi. Camille Pucci. Kenneth Alan Rose. Lori Robin
Scltlosscr. Jan llurris Stubl. David I'. Summers. Janine
\\ ctss. and Jody Wilncr.

logo ('m-rur I’iuu'lr

— E. R. llerelson
r

Dolls House

I.\cr get the trrge to. go and play house again?

Many ol us had at least it llarbie rind perhaps it Ken doll
when we were little. btrt Rosemary Miller. ti children‘s
uhiitrraii iii the Albtrrry Public Library has a doll collcttion
A    that runs lrotii wardrobe dolls of the '30's trrrd '50‘s to teddy
bears. lhc collection. rrlong with ll three-story Victorian

dollhouse built by Ms. Miller's firtlier. will be on display rtt

\ou‘rc wcto‘nig riotlilitg brrt your linen bedshcet. a pttir of the library doringrcgtilur hours: ‘)nm to‘) prrttiriwcekdtiys.9
sandals tritd some olive leaves in your hair in preparation for our to 3 pm Saturdays arid I to 5 prit Sundays.
one ol tltosc wrld college togii parties that rrrc till the craze — E. R. Bert-lson

— Robln Goldberg

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS DECEMBER 12, I978

 

 _ “Gunya news briefs 

         
      

 

 

 

Grading Optiim Extension Sought

by Jeff Kennell
A bill proposing that students
have the option of changing their

grading policy from “A-E“ letter~

grading to
Satisfactory/ Unsatisfactory (S / U)
lor up to six weeks into the semester
I has been approved by the University
Senate Committee on Academic
Standing. (CAS). according to
student Senator Mark Borkowski.
the current grading to. S/U
grading policy states that a student
may change from A-E grading to

S/ U grading up til the end of the
week designated for adding a course
at the beginning of each semester.

According to Brokowslti. the bill
still must pass through the Senate‘s
U ndcrgruduate Academic
Committee (UAC) before it reaches
the floor of the Senate.

CAS Chair Malcolm Sherman
said “the bill has been reviewed and
tipprived by his committee.

"It will be referred to UAC and
presumably the Senate." Sherman
telt it Would be inappropriate to

 

by Robert Blaseitstcln

rtrrcstcd. said Williams.

lltc littr itcnts.

 

the residence
Williams

  

manpower,

taking tunds frorn academics.

tlrct'c."

 

L been very successful.

w

 

Harassment Suspect Still
A waiting Grand Jury Trial

I lie suspect arrested ttrtd charged with sexual tibtisc and criminal
trespassing in connection with incidents of sexual harassmcius on
Alumni Quad is still awaiting tritil before a grandjury. accordingto
SUNYA l’olice Director Jim Williams.

Allltorrglr two minor incidents of harassment have occurred sittcc
the rash of reports in September. no new suspects ltavc ccn

llI early October the police ttrrcsted Alvin Dubois ttnd said that
they were still looking for it susplct ofsuspccts in conjunction with

Since early fall. all the dorms on Alumni Quad have been locked
lsl Itours it day except for the inuitt cntrrtncc of Waterbury Hull.
according to Alumni Qtiud Director Liz thdco.

Rndco said that the safety measure was the rcstilt oftt poll among
aff iii the early ftill.

d that the SUNYA police will not take trny
additional safety measures on Alumni Quad because of u Itrck of

According to Williams, “it is the university‘s primary purpose to
educate“ ttttd to tippropriate tiiorc ntoncy for security would tneitrt

Ilc also said that it is“imrctilistic tocxpcct more money frontthc
state" lor the SUNYA police rtitd tlurt iii reality. “the primary
rcsponsrbtlity [for safety] rind building is with the people who live

Williams sttid that it should be cnottglt that the students on
Alumni Quud have organilctl a student pttlrol which lie claims hits

(Photo: Mlke Farrell)

 

J

discuss the exact nature of the bill
because it has been modified and is
still in the works. “They [the Senate]
may modify our modification. he
said.

Assistant Dean of the Center' for
Undergraduate Education (CUE)
Robert Gibson claimed to have no
deliriite opinion on the proposed
bill. “I have no reason to be against
it." Itc said.

According to Borkowski the time
allowed lor changing to S/ U grading
ltad been shortened form the original
eight and a Italf week period
suggested in the proposal to six
uccks by the CAS.

" lltcy didn‘t like the bill because
they tell eigltt arid a halt weeks was
too much. students Would have a
test to base their decision on."
liorkowski tell that their tirgtrmcnt
was based oil the feeling that
students rttay be trying to dtrck C's
by opting for S/ U grading.

llie proposal is co-autltorcd by
.tudertl Senator Mark Ilorkowski
and Central Council Metnbcr Mike
Let). It is rr result ol on SA survey of
.‘ l0 students at drop lilies. when 170
slttilt‘tlls responded that they would
not hate been dropping courses if
the crutltl ltrt\c opted for S/U
grading at that itrrtc.

\ccording to Ilorkowski. the
rrnplcmcntiition ot the proposal will
be easy. "We called Don liunis at the
chrstrrtr." said Ilorkowski. “he said
the proposal could be easily
rrrtplcrucntctl."

Ilorkowski feels that CUE hits
sortie concerns about the proposal.
‘i on have to look til the purpose of
"S It". said Iiorkowski.

“ | hey [CUE] ‘worricd that
students who use S/ U may be trying
to duck C's. btrt an S isn‘t that
good...tt lot of grad schools
rccrrlcirltrte S‘s as C‘s.

“We went to l’i‘otcssorCannon of
IrAC . Ile was concerned that we

Record Pr

by Edmund J. Goodman

A trcw trend may be started in the
record business. with Columbia
(CBS) records releasing new albums
with the new suggested rcttril list
prices frotn $7.98 to $8.98

 

g; l‘l€W§ FEATUR€
___________._

CIIS records has started the trend
by releasing six new albums by
lloston. Chicago. Barbara
Strcisttitd. l-larth. Wiiid and Fire.
led Ntlgcnt rind llilly Joel. The new
price is only on their top name acts
and does not necessarily rnettti every
new album will be $3.98.

“We believe in a vuritthlc price
policy and we set the price on whttt
we think the album is worth." said
CllS record spokesperson. Bob
Altshtiler.

   

I ‘ '1'

Senator Mark Borkowskl sold that the current S-U policy promotes

educatlon based on grade gettlng. (Photo: Tanya Ann Harvey)

hadn‘t gone to cotittiiittces with the
proposal. He couldn't call a ruecting
lor UAC because he‘d already toltl
tiicritbcrs that irtcctttigs Would be on
the elctctttlt and tltirtcctrtlt. so we
met \\llll ('AS."

\crordmg to the proposal. the
issue ol the extension ol the S, U
selection dcrrdlmc Itas been on the
agenda ol UAC stricc tltc beginning
or the year. In this trittc. UAC has
not been able to deal with the
question. btrt tltc SA Academics
t ommrttcc has been able to do the
research rrcc sary to develop the
proposal.

"the Student Association hits
placed it Itigli priority on this issue
based or) observations made since
October 27: since that date. we have
pcrccivcd an urgent need for this
change due to the additional
pressures brought on by the new.
earlier deadline tor dropping.

“ I lie proposal concludes by
recommending that excess pressure
it lucli may lead to impropcrdemion

ices Going

Warner Brothers records have
released Steve Martin's new album
at $8.98. The album is a special
package. wlticlt includes a poster.
Warner Ilros. released two new
albums Dec. 6 by Rod Stewart and
the Doobie Brothers at the old list
price ol $7.98. according to Warner
llros. Vice President in charge of
Sales. Lou Dennison.

the list price is only a suggested
retail price. The SA Record Co-op
will be charging $5.29 for the newly
listed albums. according to Co-
Managcr Keri Friedman. Just-a-
Song has the new albums at $5.99
and Record lown lists them at
50.99.

the Record Co—op hits closed
business for this semester and plttris
to reopen next semester at their
newly enlarged location iii the

 

Central Council Circumcents Administration

by Charles lit-II

llic Central Council passed it bill
last Wednesday which itr elfcct
provides the Albany Student llrrioii
with tiit appropritition without
subjecting it to administrative
control.

Student Uniott Chair Nancy
Stuyth said tlirtt the Council
budgeted ll payment of S I000 to the
Union for "servtccs" to Central
instead of the outright
originally been

Council.
grant as had
considered.

" We rcltised to
udinrnistruttvdcontrol." strid Sittytlt.
"tthd tltc fact that we've contracted

DECEMBER I2. I978

accept

with Council to provide scrvrces
means i Ital we get the rrtoncy without
administrative review."

Stttdciit University Activities
Director Jim Docllcfcld said that
any expenditure from the
ruaiidtitory strident activity fee must
be cleared through SUNYA's Office
of Student Life. Docllcfcld sitidtlttit
the original grunt made by the
Central Cotiricil to tltc Student
.rdrrrinistrtitive controls that would
have been the result."

Smytlt sitto
adturuistrution‘s
trustee‘s guidelines rcprcscittt.‘ :in
attack on the union. “ I'ltc rules lrrr\ .~

that the
insistence on

ALBA

been bcrtt before. rind this wusjust
selective enforcement of tire
guidelines." said Smyth. “I think
tlrtrt it it ltrtd been a $1000 dollirr
appropriation to l'clcthon it would
have bcctt treated differently."

Cronin said that last Wednesday's
Ccntrul Cotincil bill contracted with
the Stridcrtt Union to provide certain
services. among them lobbying.
putting out a iniwsletter. arid setting
ttp conterences.

t‘ronin said that tlte “union would
do these things anyway. so tlttit for
all practical purposes. the payment
hour council is almost likcugrunt."

NY 5 i'UDEN'I‘ PRESS

   
    

the payment to the union will still
have to be approved by the
administration. said Cronin. "but
lltcrc would be no grounds to
disapprove any of the services we‘ll
be providing."

Docllcfcld said that he “has not
yet renewed the specific piece of
legislation" bttt tlrttt he would act oil
it probably later this week.

t‘iomu said that he expects the
issue of student 1th guidelines to
"blou up to state-wide proportions
iu:\| semester as a result of the
current llorird ot lt'ustees'rcview of
the tars."

making mtty be alleviated by
Implementing tltc new S/ U policy by
the beginning of next semester.

llrc new policy would leave the
dates tor cltangirtg tltc grading of
rtorr-tlcptrrrincntrilly designated 5/ U
courses to A—A grading unchanged.

lloikotvskt felt that pass/fail
grading ltas not been ttilly utilized in
the past lcw ycars. ’l’lic deadline
established in the current policy
pictcrits the rise ol the policy
touards achieving an education
btrscd on learning rather than grade-
getting. According to tltc proposal.
“the deadline does not allow
strllrcrent trritc lor exposure to the
material arid the intensity of the
course."

Ilorkowski added that students
may be required to learn different
material than they had expected or
wanted to learn inaclass.’l‘hcrcforc.
a grade would not accurately reﬂect
the Icarnirig that laid itcttially taken
place in the class.

Up Again

Campus Center. The co-op hadbeen
doing a limited amount of business
Ill lront of the Campos Center this
semester “just to let people know we
still existed.“ according to
Friedman,

When they reopen next semester.
the co-op may be selling a small
amount of Itcad shop supplies..Thc
co-op stopped selling supplies last
spring for “internal reasons."
according to Co-Mnnager Marc
Wind.

 

The request for permission to sell
head supplies was submitted to the
SUNYA administration in early
November. "It is important to note
it III the request is to sell the supplies
itr addition to the records. and that it
is not a separate ‘hcud shop'." said
Acting Director of Student
University Affairs Jim Docllcfcld.

the request is acting in
accordance with a memorandum
_scttl out by SUNYA President
Vincent ()‘I.etrry. in early
Novcntber. which placed it
moratorium on expansion of tiny
student cotnnicrciul activities. No
procedure hits been devised on
exactly how the new requests. which
include an expansion of the Credit
Union and lllue Jeans Co-op. will be
handled by the administration.

“We hope to make a decision as
soon as possible. because I feel that
‘this is an issue which needs to be
resolved rapidly.“ said Associate
Dean for Student Affairs Cllarles
Fisher.

the request is still up in the air,
'llltl tto action has been taken oti it
yet. according to Fisher.

PAGE THREE

 

