 

 

 

 

columns

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Boycott Stevens

by Jane Fonda _
The J.P. Stevens Company is a multi-

muﬂﬂ‘iﬂ and the United Slaw-‘- 77"? Second disease. (so they are unable to receive workers'
“1’35! corporate 81.1"" in the "XI/’9 "Ida-"0’: compensation. Hundreds of families living in
J-P- Steven-l I105 be?" 1h910789‘0fa’l0110'm! the Carolinas and working for J.P. Stevens
Cam'fmer [70.W‘0” for (he 10-" 1W0 year-‘1 iind the other textile giants can personally
Textile workers and others have exposed the arrest to this tragedy.
hazardous and unhealthy working conditions 1 couldn't understand how men and women
“"5"! m 1’19 company-V fad/mes; "105' of could work in such medieval conditions for
which are located in the South. The following eight hours or more every day having lo cat
is an eyewitness report by one of the boycott's their lunches out of brown paper bags while
sulﬁporters: . standing by their looms. Even if you have a
astycar l was smuggled intoaJ‘P. Stevens lunch hour and not all Stevens workers do
plant. in Roanoke Rapids, N.C. l brieﬂy there's no place to go. I saw no canteen. no
experienced what thousands of workers face recreation hall. nowhere at all to relax and
for eight to twelve hours it day. six days a take a break.
welekl.1 you]: after year. . . As the day wore on. women workers told me
' t oug t .had.been aware ofthe Situation more about the physical effects ofthis work.
in 'Wi‘ilch this giant textile company has 'l'hey spoke of the terrible dangers of the
resiskted change. crushed the rights of its machinery. Even though there are usually
lw‘tjnrb crs and defied the law for so manyyears. guard rails around the looms. the shuttles
h een s‘upportmg the worldWIde consumer which are very heavy and liich pointed metal
ngiztt§oiile§:ziltens ﬁrgducﬁﬁ. But unlll 1 ends. like bullets will be shuttling back and
realized the exiwmmti; heat:1 lyhhag ncvcr forthon‘theloomsutnd sometimcsthcy‘llslidc
workers have been made? 1‘0“! 8 ~ leVCﬂh right oil the end ofthe looin and hiisomeonc.
someone helped me ctoizlhlldcr- f h My conversations with women workers. in
hm“ “I'd b. 8 | 0 one 0 l 0 particular. brought home the appalling
p . ‘ .. a ween told that the day before my economic deprivation as well astlie emotional
arrival. at. l‘cdcral inspector from the strain that is fostered by .l.l’. Stcvcns l'd
Occupational Salety and Health known that textile workers particularlyintlic
Administration (OSHA) had been there. South. are among the lowest paid industri'tl
OSHA had called management before workers in the cotintry. But i couldri't
coming. 59 management knew they were conceive of how great a strain it isjiist to keep
coming and cleaned the place up. l'd beentold a marriage and a family together when the
the place would be relatively clean. so i Women have to work long hours and their
couldn t believe my own eyes and cars. Whatl husbands are on another shift illierc 'irc
saw was absolutely horrendous. couples who are almost never to tether
lstcppcd through the door ofthe plant. The because one is always sleeping wliilc thchothcr
isound.oftlicimachincry -~wall-to-wnlllooms works. They have no child care. and botli
nzxirgzgjtiylzrsgizzrkgﬁhwtrsdeafening. The parents have to work just to eat andsurvivc.
H I In . . lg. emac incry made IAll oi the horrors I heard about and
lolcétél'iligcl oorksjhttkc Violently. lscrcamcdj’ust \vitncsscd made me share the sense of
0w” t.:,Oicgou“ iii/2:. airligcl cho‘uildnt'hezr‘my indignation that pervades Roanoke Rapids.
tremendous muChinc- L "g HIS! L» a l“Illicrc the trliajority oi the workers voted for
~ ‘ ‘ . t . to union a ntost fotir years a to . Even so.
Clilgilrgtgvxcrgzrc 'ILYJILEVC:i‘::}18hIllle 2111‘. management refuses to negotiate in good
like a snowstorm c‘wn molt t:"Eﬁillctgltcd laith. lhcyjust won't acknowledgcthc right of
inspector had beer; the“: [h  lI) F HA the workers to better their own lives so the
dust hung like huge CObwebfﬁgyﬂ  workers and the union. while continuing and
. ' Iv - I s v '1 ' , '
'it hadashatp and pungent smell.and instantly  ilisptriilr: [Zriiirlgkng Cdmpmgn‘ have
l k whatthe workers meant whentheytold I asked the workers- "H ycioit'
me o.» e shortness of breath every Monday what you‘re doin "’ ~l‘l mi can you keep up
Tornmgthat slowly develops into brownlunl; courage?“ Arid they imdmiiieiim‘lwr’gvchiiic
iscase. ’ tiotliitig morc to lose. And we‘ll continua c
 Sllr‘lliggit.‘ to our death. ifncccssary. so lllﬂli‘lil‘:
s c it - ' - - ~ - v
every day of their lives. But thanks to the throurgh‘  have m g0
company. its insurance carriers and the l‘liesc brave men and wo‘inleii in the
. Carolinas. (icor 1" r - ' ' - ~- - n
The article above was supplied by the need our help.   Mddtttlht-WIM‘
Amalgamated Clothing and Textile Workers making surcihe boycott‘s‘inipapc‘iiistrohril' bd
/III()Il. steady. Don‘t buy J.P. Stevens pioducttildn

 

I

WW‘KSRW
LEO

MARRIAGE, \ .

~I
cc:

   

; inadequate enforcement of health and safety
' . . standards, many of these people are not
"‘"kma/ CU’PO’HW" apemlmg m Six/07913" diagnosed as having byssinosis (brown lung

our

 

 

Juvenile Crime:

How Bad is it?

 

by Tim Ledwltli

On a recent television documentary about
youth crime. a young inmate at a high security
home for juveniles was being interviewed
about his offense. Why had he used an ice pick
to commit the murder? “internal bleeding."
the sturdy haired hoysnecrcd into the camera.

This kind of sensational publicity, on

television atid in print. has helped to bring the
issue of youth crime to the forefront of public
attention. The steady stream of emotional
publicity. and the hard line stance recently
adopted by state legislators iii their anti-crime
clforts indicate that young criminals are on a
virtual rampage. committing serious and
violent crimes with little or no fear of
retribution. But election year politics and
sensational new stories aside. how serious is
the prohlctn of youth crime?

National statistics show that persons 15
years and younger commit fewer violent
crimes than any otlierage group. in New York
City. widely viewed as a hotbed for every
category of crime and violence. tottiljuvcnile
arrests have been slowly decreasingsincc [975.
in Albany. police reports for the whole of 1977
show that 260 personsunder 16 were arrested.
a number amounting to less than five percent
oi all the arrest made here last year. According
to the some reports. 30 of the juvenile arrests
were for violcnts crimes such asassuult. arson
rape atid reckless endangerment. None ofthe
youths arrested in Albany last year were
accused of murder.

Reassuring‘.’ Not exactly, because the fact
rcnuiins that a small but significant number of

MO! may
\

 

 

  
 
 

L50,‘/wAtaEFaetvL/EAR~5 ow!

m Wm“..me

kids barely old enough forjunior high school
are committing serious crimes. But the
blustenng publicity which has led many
people to believe that large numbers oi‘youtlis
are litcrailygctting away with murder does not
seem to reﬂect the facts.

. Many people believe that the best wayio
discourage serious crime among youth is to
treat the young offender in exactly the same
manner as a adult criminal. subject to exactlv
the same penalties. The youth crimi-
prOVlSanS in New York State‘s newanti-crimc
‘ program are certainly a step in this direction.
And a high rate of rccitivism makes it clear
that the “rehabilitation” process designed for

.\I.‘J.I.Lt.l.l.l.tl juvenile offenders has often been less than a

dazzling success.

l’aul Elisha. a spokesman at the Motion
for Youth. which operates the state‘s facilities
for juvenile offenders. sees the move toward
adult treatment of young criminals as il
mistake. Presently. all juvcnilcs accused of
criminal acts are tried under the auspices of
the Family Court system. and lilisliii ilL'llc\L'\
this system is best equipped to deal willisiicli
cases. “Juveniles should not be tricd in adult
courts.“ he says. “because. for one thing. Illi.‘
record for convictions in adult courts is not
very good. The Family Court record is better
iii this respect."

Elisha also points out ilic rolc oi the int-din
in creating an artificially critical impression oi
the youth crime problem. He says sciioiis
crimes atnongjuvcnilcs seem to have lllL’lClthi

statewide so far this year. it‘s hard in \il\
whether this is it real increase or whctlici tlicic
has been a crackdown by police iiiitl lhc coiiits
in response to alarming publicity."

Tilt: publicity to which Elisha rcfcrs deals
only with the outer surface of youth cri me: the
acts themselves and the punishment or lack oi
punishment recicvcd. Tilt: dcepcr fclilll) oi
this problem is a reality of parental negligence
or abuse. a lack of constructive alternatiics.
mid the stigma of poverty that liiiiinis llliill}
children from their cttrlicst awarcticss. Kills
who feel oppressed and who cannot liiid
security at home or iii school lllltkL'
their attachments on the street. Thci'c arc. ul
course. no easy answers. The problem oi
youth crime has been exaggerated ill mun)
ways. but it is real. The victims ofjinciiilc
offenders. frequently the elderly and the
disadvantaged. are justifiably angct‘cd by ll
system which seems to treat such L‘l'llllt'x
lightly. Serious preventative efforts and IllUIL'
than token rehabilitative programs might \L‘l_\
wcll fill the moral vacuum which lciids

impressionable kids to crime. But subjecting
the young criminal to the grim education oi
prison will lead only to the creation iii a lot
more dangerous adult criminal ill a fcw \L‘l_\
short years.

 

Reprinted from the South End Scene

.49

 

 

 

 

 

 

comment - I

 

 

 

 

editorial.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

‘ had ﬁnished

 

 

To the Editor:

'l’liere is a whole lot going on in the world
outside of that great white Disneyland ofthe
Northeast called SUNY Albany. and l would
like to take this opportunity to inform people
about one of them.

During the summer. when many Albany
students Were away from this city. a very
unnerving thing. happened. The Albany
Police. long-standing guardians of truth.
justice. and the master race. decided to show
the poor. dumb Black folk in the South End a
thing or two about law and order. When they
.cvcial bleedin" and broken
people were arrested fc. various crimes.
including the humorous charge of resisting

arrest.

l'lic incident started in a less than dramatic
iiisliioii. Several families in the South End at
ilic intersection of'l‘cunis St. and 'lhird Ave.
began verbally quarrcling on the street. (For
those ofyoii who don’t know where the South
liiid is located. it is the large mass of
deteriorating. filthy buildings visible frotn the
brand new John l’iccolo's Rib Rootn in the
bcaiilifultwo billion dollar Rockefeller Mail)
In time. the families' quarrel attracted a crowd
oi up to 300 people. Shortly afterward. it
attracted a crowd of about l00 of Albany‘s
finest. some of whom decided to start breaking

Police State-ment

heads. Their most unfortunate victim. who
liiid committed the heinous crime ofsitting on
the trunk of his car and watching the light.
suffered a broken wrist. l4 stitches in the head.
mid a chipped bone in the jaw. He wastakcn
to Albany Med. handcuffed behind the back.

unconcious. face down in his own blood.
Sounds like fun. doesn‘t it',’ if you are
.unfortunatc ctiough to be a resident in
Albany's inner city. this is the sort of official
attitude you run into daily. Although it does
not always manifest itself iii violent outbreaks
like the August I incidentdcscribcdabovc.tlie
oppression is always in the air. The “Public
Siiicty Building." it fairly ironic label. is mi
imposing stonc. modern. windowless structure
located right in the decaying heart of the
South liiid. This is no accident. 11 is il
concioiis eliort to beat down the community.
to intimidate the poor into seared
complacency and to rob iliciii oi their spitit.
lhc next time you are walking across the
podium. passing the familia r laces upturned to
bask in the sun. think oi that other univcrsc
scicn miles away. l’coplc sit in the sun tlicrc
too. but it does not warm them. They ill’i."
becoming spent. biokcii. hollow human
beings. and the powers that bc are very glad of
that. Zombies are easy lo control. Dead

pciiplc llL‘\L‘f complain.

Name \Vitlilicld by chucst

 

 

 

 

 

 

A Fest-less Fall ‘ -

in many ways. this fall is the same as most falls at SUNYA. A whole
new crop of freshmen and transfers are learning the meaning of
symmetry and wind tunnels. Students are starting the semester anew,
promising to hit the books and to raise the cum’s. Baseball and football
split the sports fans’ attention. _

Soon, other things representative of SUNYA‘s fall will happen:
Albany‘s weather will turn very brisk, students will watch the fountains
spurt for the last time until spring comes around, and the whole campus
will be spruced up for the yearly invasion of SUNYA parents.

However, one thing will be missing from the autumn scene this year.
There will be no Fallfest.

Fallfest. like its counterpart in May, has become a SUNYA tradition.
it is an outdoor concert held each year around this time in conjunction
with activities day where good music, beer and food abound. It is usually
held before the work for courses begins to pile up for students and
provides them with a dayto meet new people and forget about the cold
winter ahead.

Jallfcst is not merely a yearly outdoor concert. it provides SUNYA
students with a psychological boost. it draws a bigger crowd for
activities day. and it unites the campus for the purpose of doing one
thing: having a good time.

So. why isn‘t there going to bc a Fallfest this year"? University Concert
Board says its because of a lack of money. The competition from other
colleges for concerts is getting stiffer. and funding for UCB hasn‘t kept
tip the pace. Hence. Ethical. and its $7.000 price tag. has been scrapped

 

 

 

Rental

by Zach Kelsun

l"ivc years ago. a rental outfit named
Rciiicx started making news iii the Albany
area because of the overwhelming
dissatisfaction customers had with the rcnttil
scvicc. The majority of these customers were
students and lower inocmc persons. Quite
ollcn. a customer (including this reporter)
would pay the twenty dollar cash fee. only to
discover that the listed apartments were either
already retith or listed inaccurately. On
numerous occasions the landlords oti these
listings who were called had no idea their
apartments were placed on the agency's list.
llllliSCI'ViCC also had listings whiclistatcd “this
landlord discriminates against Blacks (or
ntlicr groups)." a clear violation of the law.
More often than not. students who were
dissatisfied with the listings had no way of
gutting their money back. The New York State
Attorney General‘s Office stepped in to halt
chtcx's “fraud and misrepresentation" to
consumers. Unfortunately. this cotnpany
i'csurfaccd after a few months under a
diil‘crcnt name. Rcdi Rental. Even though
chtcx had changed its name. the agency‘s
unfair practices continued as usual. Rcdi
Rental continued to operate for almost a year
until the Attorney General's office stepped in
again. Now it seems that it company whose
procedures are similar to those of chtcx has
surfaced. The agency. Apartment Selector.
offers to list'landlords who liiivc vacant
llpilrimcnts and advertises some ofthcm in the
local newspapers. This seems to be a come-on
oil'cr lo gct student consumers and others to
subscribe to the company‘s apartment listings
for a 35 dollar cash non-returnable fec.
llic subscription lasts for ninety days and
there is no guarantee that the customer will
find a stiitablc apartment. if the subscription
to the listing; has not helped the customer find

Rip-Off

an apartment thcic is no way to retrieve the
thii'ly-livc dollar lcc.

llic point must be madc that even though
lllL‘l'L‘ at c I'L'illitl agcncics which take advantage
of their customers. tbcrc aic also a number oi
rental agencies that are quite legitimate. Some
of these are throttin real estate agencies. and
others collect a l'cc after the customer selects
an apartment front the agency‘s available
listings. The advantage that the prospective
renter has in titili/ing rt legitimate rental
agency is that therc is often no financial
obligation until the customer actually rents
through one of tlic comapny's listings

In short. il you do have to resort to a
multiple listing service to liiid an apartment.
make sure you are not throwing away your
hard earned money. it you plan on using an
agency make sure that thc listings that will be
otlci'cd to you are ‘thClllillL‘. Rcmcmbcr. be
skeptical about paying it icc lot‘ a service sight
iiiisccn. Ask the agency ll you can sec what
type ol listings arc available before you pay a
iioii-i’clurntiblc lcc. if you are dissatislicd or
1ch you liit\c been taken advantage ol by the
agency. complain to the lictlci‘ Business
liiiiciiu. ('oiisumci l’iolcction Agency or as a
last i’csoii. tlic New \oi'k State Attorney
(iciici‘al‘s ()iiicc.

it you ich thaty you baic been discriminated
against by u landlord or by an agency. call the
New York State l)i\isioii of Human Rights
and report the violation. No landlord or
ii discriminate against a prospective

ugciicy ca 4 I '
nic origin,

l'L'lllL'l' bccriusc ol race. sex or eth
Not reporting iratid. misrepresentation or
discrimiiuilion that has been committcd by a
landlord or I'Ulllili agency just gives thctn the
reassurance that they can continue to commit
mil. i‘ and illegal practices its if tlicy were still

 

lcgiil.

Vote in Good Form

by Leslie Haber

SUNYA students pay their rents iii Albany
th'y aretaxcd here. They must abide bylocal
ordinances. There is no reason why students
should not Vote here as well.

Local politicians have always appealed to
various voting blocks within the city for
Support. Albany students have tievcr been one
of these blocks. They go to school here. bill
01151 their votes throughout the stunt.
llicreforc. Albiiny politicians don‘t feel
responsible to SUNYA students.

Many SUNYA students who live off
campus believe that Albany is their home. If

you ate otic of these pcoplc. register to vote in
Ali‘i'lll '.
R‘cgistcring to vote is easy. NYl’lRU.
SASU. SA and ()(.‘A will have a voter
registration table set tip in the Campus Center
lobby from ill il.lll. to 2 pm. every day this
week. ll you would like to register to vote in
Albany iot‘ cvcn ii you want to register
clscwlici‘ct. come up to the Campus (enter
and [ill out il registration form. '
Albany politicians should feel responsible
to SUNYA students. You by
iuiiity. You should be

'c in your college
coiiiii able to vote here

too.

this year.

This is a regrettable decision. When one considers the number of
students l’allfcst serves. it is a great buy. And the fact that UCB seems
willing to shell out double this amount separately for two fairly well-
known artists brings up a question of priorities.

U (‘B doesn‘t have to garner the best musical talent around for
liallfcsi. The idea of Falli'cst is more important. The unification it brings
to this campus overrides the acts.

UCB should not go the way of other mass-programming groups on
this campus. Last year. Speaker‘s Forum promiscd‘and advertised a Bert
Lance appearance without even getting an agreement from Lance. And
the class of ‘78 has yet to receive their yearbooks because they simply
have not been completed yet even though the class had its graduation
ceremonies fotir months ago.

'l‘lici‘c‘s a saying about breaking with tradition. Once it’s done. it is
very hard to return to it. And it would be a sad thing indeed ifit became
SUNYA tradition not to have a Fallfest each year.

 

 

 

 

litmus quiiiio. l.lllltlI-Ill~( lucl
Mul. Mniuot i. in timn. \lmiuuiug I.tllltll'\

. . . .lli.| “Milli

. . . Siiii Osiiit
I iuiii lit lill\lt\. l \i an Shlil »\\

Hi \\i\ St at UN
.Rit'ii Siiimos

i’\ii Stiiwxnt/
. . llMIII)\\IlI|

Niwsioiiok . . . .
tssnt [All tows iniioit
Ast-it H iniioiu
Assocuii 'hl'H IN ioiioit
Svoais tuiioit . . .
twtt IAH SI‘URH iiuioii
initoiiui. nonunion . . . , . . .
.Mikc l‘ciiiliiiiui. .I M Rclil). Aron Siniili r\l' summits:

sixii \\‘ltllHt\2 Al litica. Mike l iicil .
handy

.IL'NNL‘ Sclicici [ODIN \ius: llilllii stliiaub l'ltHIl“ moi: llildi liiund \ionmt:
Robinson \im iin iott oi tint i \: Matthew (ox

l)iititii hill‘l. it/H'IIMIIIL' lluiiiiim
. . .losxiiixx llttl)(.l\
. . . . . . ,(‘iiuoi (‘oiitiss
. . . .li.\N.\i‘ .In

Ht‘sisiss MANMJM
BILLINI. ((INMIIJANI
('okti-osttitm MAN/ifit" . , . . . . . .
.IcII lcnian. Rich Mciinclstcin. .lody \Vilncr t LAbsltlll)
)N: l.t/ Kwansnik. lretic
Lisa Applcbuum.

VAIIS piasimmi: Sicic (iiiltlxit'in.

Anvittiis t.: Stc\c Munci (“\ll'iINIIIttM Amy bouts All l'lt(llll'("llt

l‘lllllill. SlcphunicSherman.| ll Ro/uod. liild_\ lhantl. l aura Schiaiiboiilt i:
Riitii lcicil. |)iiilcuc l tici

 

Mu uin (iiitios. l‘iiiductioii Manager
Rit'ksii it HH'M
. liriaii Kurt/ct

(iii/trim toottuimtoa

\’riui(Ai.tAtuittA . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . .

t'MIt-tl': |.auric Studwcll. Sarah hobcl. bully Atiii llrcclier lVI‘lbIht Clara Kneblci‘. Mark
liiililia/ard. Diana ()rtici. Adela Sic/lei. Denise Mason. Lorraine Liberatorc.

t‘tllHitt-ltAl‘llH \llppllt‘d principality by Photo Service

ESTABLISHED I916
Illt‘ .‘i/lltllll‘ Slitt/ 'lll l’riui l.\ [llill/llllt'tl t’l'i‘ll' lilt'Jt/ill' illlil I'Tltlﬂvl'tlilffllg tlit'scliou/ l'l’tl‘l‘  Iht'
.‘lll'tilll‘ .S’ttttli'ttt l‘rt-ii ('orpot'utttin. int lllt/t'llt‘lltll’lll IltIl-/(llvllftl:/Il tirgtttttzttttttti._l:i/tIorIit/
[HI/It t' l\ ill'lt'l‘llllllt't/ lty l/lt' h'iltlitt-iIt-(‘ltti‘L tittil t'.\ .iuli/i't-t lil I‘i'l'lt’lt' by the ktllltlli’tlly floral;
llttilttig titliln'iix Albany Stittli'tll l’ri'ii. (‘t‘ .lJO. Hill! li‘tisltitiglitti .‘li'c.. .-illtiui_i'. .\l 1....

 

 

 

 

 

Board at Dtteelotl
sru-iiti- limit. in...” i .llllll

FAleN)’ STUdENT pness
coaponariou

i.ii ".lhl‘l lniltllltriu lltltigt‘x
t.iu..t- \Iiidlt‘il timim» Maui-iii.
liril lcimm \imi. tuttim

ii.ni.ii.i Mlilhvl km knim

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

