  

 

 

 

 
   

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    
 

     

 
  
 
 

 

    

 

 

   .
   stone
unit at mm
'{cbruary 10'-
.7300 and [0:00pm.

1-0-7.

 

 

 

Pantomime

 

ﬁttestsésa,

f6“ '0; .
'" “safaris
Rich Ku

 

€RIK FRHHD€€N

A thZARD. ourRAoaous, CYNICAL,
ONE OF THE MOST ABLE MUSICIANS
ANYWHERE AND ONE OF THE BEST
GUtTARtSTS lN THE. COUNTRY. ERIK'S
PERFORMANCE IS TOTALLY EFFORT-
LEss AND PROFESSIONAL.

'5 PENNY

 

8 pm
9pm — midnH‘e.

soul ’l°°
Eglf 3M4nd 206%:

 

| | i
'78 SeaSon:

, 6d Alien, Mimi Sci‘lui'fl

J3

/

 

 

NEW RELEASES
0N SL‘

Emmy Lou Hartl-
31.95 Llot

Ronnie Montrou
:1.“ List

 
 

 

acorn Ion-on
2 LP t
$12.90 List

 

 

11 (.enttal Ave, All):llfy(N Y. in (With

    

 

Sale ends Feb. [8

 

 

 

  

Usually at this time of year young men
and women are advised to be on their
guard against a mischievous boy, really
the god Cupid. the personiﬁcation of love
and desire. But once at least Cupid
became a little careless and pricked
himself with one of those arrows he uses
so gleefully to arouse love in others.

The story is ﬁrst found in literary form
in the Metamorphoses, (commonly called
the Golden Ass), of Apuleis. a Roman
author of the second century AD. It has,
however. elements which indicate that it
was of much older origin. probablya folk
tale, circulated orally. Many of the
essential ingredients of a typical fairy tale
are present: the beautiful maiden
(Psyche). two wicked sisters (instead of
stepsisters), the jealousy and hatred of a
goddess. (not a stepmother). a mysterious
lover(Cupid himself), the initial failure of
the heroine to pass the test, her many
trials. and her eventual reunion with the
hero and their everlasting happiness.

The story itselt‘is simple. Because of her
great beauty and the foolish exploitation
of that beauty by her parents. Psyche
incurred the wrath of Venus. goddess of
love and beauty. Venus sends her son
Cupid to punish Psyche by arranging a

Cupid, however, accidentally wounds
himself with one of his arrows. falls in
love with Psyche. and carries her offto a
marvelous palace. where she should be,
but is not. supremely happy. Psyche
misses her family and is distressed
because she is never allowed to see her
"husband." who visits her only duringthe
dark of night. She prevails upon Cupid to
permit her sisters to visit her. This of
course is disastrous. since they persuade
her to conceal a lamp in the bedroom and
to look at her htisband while he is
sleeping. The intention of the sisters,
jealous of Psyche‘s richly appointed
home. is that she will kill Cupid. whom
she believes to be a fearful beast. There
follows a delightful description of Cupid
as he appears to Psyche. attempting to
carry ottt her sisters‘ instructions.

She sees the gentlest and most
charming beast of all wild creatures, the
renowned Cupid himself; the exquisite
god. lying exquisitely asleep . . . She
heholds the lovely hair, an inheritance
(from Venus). of his golden head.
drenched in ambrosia. and straying
carelessly over his mil/t while throat and
rosy cheeks" ringlets becoming/y
lillt‘l‘llt’fllt’d. some fit/ling in front. some
behind . . . ()n the shoulders of the
winged god tlewy feathers glow white
with sparkling down. and thouin the
wings themselves are in repose, tiny
feathers on their tips, tender and delit'ult‘.

The Symbolic Salvation
Of the Soul through Love

marriage for her with a monstrous beast. ‘

    

quivering tremulously. frolic restless/y,
The remainder of his body is smooth and
bright. such a body as Venus would not be
ashamed to claim as that oj'her son.
Apuleis, Met. 5.22.

Naturally Psyche is unable to kill her
husband. Cupid awakes and immediately
departs. leaving poor Psyche alone. By

enduring a long period of trials, Psyche
wins Cupid back. The gods consent to
their marriage and Venus herself is
reconciled.

This is the bare plot ofthc story; but Il
may have a serious underlying theme. lhc
ordeals of Psyche.'in fact the whole tale.
are full ofthc symbolism ofdeath. Psyche
in Greek means "soul."

Does the story symbolize the salmtton
of the soul through love‘.’

Since the time of Apuleis this story has
been used frequently in art and lilct‘zittttc
Our illustration shows a statue of t'ttpttl
and Psyche found in a house in lilc
Roman port city ofOstia. One of the mml
intriguing modern uses ()flllc myth is that
made ofit by C.L. Lewis in his nmcl. llll

We Have Fares. Read it sometime and its
to determine what you think it means

Cupld and Psyche

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Now IBM Selectrlc
Used only to type the term
papers of WCDB personnel.

Only $700!
Contact:
Paul 7-5262

 

 

 

 

 

 

“"‘v‘e‘muxwwasMaw-ammo».meem.-..has...W... . ..

FEBRUARY 10. 1979

\
By MARK J. McGARRY

There is a sub-genre of science-
ﬁction/ fantasy known as “sword and
sorcery." Though that term is not quite as
hazy as “science f iction.“ there is still a lot
of room fordisagreement as to what 38: s
is. The series by Robert E. Howard
featuring Conan the Barbarian is thought
to be representative of sword and sorcery
ﬁction. indeed, most sword and sorcery
books might well be copies of Howard's

ho

Demon In The Mirror by, Andrew J.
Offut and Richard K. Lyon (Pocket
Books, SLSO) tries very hard to be
original. The heroine is a busty female
pirate named Tiana. She is the adopted
daughter of a Negro cannibal who has
reformed to the extent that he no longer
eats his kill: He, too, is a pirate. Tiana‘s
quest is for her brother, whom she has not
seen since she was a very small child. She
goes through the traditional sequence of

ks

 

Conan epics: Most are continuing, open~
etidcd adventures; most of the heroes are
uncouth barbarians with bulging muscles
and no use for multisyllabic speech; most
take place in a land stifficiently distant
from our own in space and ' or time that
the fiction has no need for history or
historical accuracy; most appeals to
nothing more than the mysterious
attractions of human beings for graphic
descriptions of the ravishnicnt and
destruction of their fellows.

The wise reader will have deduced that
I do not think highly of most sword and
sorcery. However. there area few writers
who are —-and who have. in the recent
past attempted to break out of the
traditional limits of sword and sorcery.

Others, like John Jakes. have traveled
only the well-worn paths worn down to
rttts by the likes of Howard and his
pretenders. His latest bookBrak: When
The Idols Walked( Pocket Books. $l.50).

Brak is a big, blonde hulk who comes "

from some barbarian land and who is on
some quest to Khurdisan a fact which is
not even mentioned until the last page of
the book. in a truly feeble attempt to give
him some motivation. On his way to
Khurdisan. wherever that may be. Brak
has ended up a galley—slave for some nasty
people named (iot'ds. There is a sea-battle
with some nice - but decadent and
civilith people known as Mirkans, and
llrak manages to get thrown iitto the sea
and cvcnlttully ends tip in the hottschold
of one of the Mirkan merchant-class.
Ihcy give him a sword to replace the one
he lost, and Brak. appreciative as any
puppy, spends the next 140 pages of this
\illll book fighting various threats to
Mirkan civilization, primarily animate
statues, and huge three-headed birds who
[we ttt caves.

At the climax of the hook. with (lords
“Mint” and a rampaging statue within
the Mirkan city, Brtik manages to save the
Mirkatis. It appears that the statue iii the
employ ofthc Gords is male. and further,
it is animated by the spirit of a lustl‘tt'l
thief. It also happens that the statue lirak
antniatcs by tiicans of internal gears and
levers (but. sad to say, no engines) is
Icmale. He leads the Gord statue ittto a
nearby bay, wltcre the male statue tries to
embrace the female.

Now, I‘ve just retid that scene for the
tlitrd time. and all it says is that both
statues struck the sea “locked together.“l
don't know exactly why they were
“locked together" (and perhaps I don't
want to know) but Brnk loses
consciousness then and doesn‘t see what
happens. anyway. After he washes up on
short: it second time, he goes riding away
tor Khurdisan. Personally, I was very
glad to see him go. Aside from the inanity
of much of the plot, the writing is ﬂorid
rather than colorful, and a good portion
is ungrammatical. All in all. a very tiring

hook.

FEBRUARY 10. 1978

episodic adventures,‘ but these are
somewhat more original. She burns a
convent of nuns who are vampires, and
hacks apart some man-eating plants in a
sorcerer‘s garden. But in between. comes
one of the most ridiculous adventures l
have ever had the displeasure to read.
As part of her quest. 'l'iana is required
to go to the top ofa flat-topped mountain
of monstrous heights. In fact. it‘s 20.000
feet straight up and down. One rises to the
top by ﬂinging oneself into a storm. and
the updrafts (aided by silk streamers
attached to wrists and ankles) allow one
to rise. and then fall into a lake at the
mountain‘s peak. Geology will tell you
the mountain is impossible, and common
sense and meteorology will tell you the

 

 

mixed feelings about his sword—VIM
though evil, il also the only thing which
can prevent the forces of Chaos from
overcoming those of Law and destroying

human body is too dense to be bomealoft
by any thunderstorm, silk streamers or
no. Physiology will tell you what the
condition of the body would be after the
fall . . . But Tiana. brused. fulﬁlls this
part of her quest at the top of the '
mountain. In order to descend, she sleds
down an ice-slope on her bottom. The ice
is broken by the tops of boulders. which
she may be dashed against.

In order to circumvent this danger, she
uses one conveniently-shaped boulder as
a ski-jump and is hurtled into the air,
avoiding the other boulders.

well-done study. The book deals as
heavily with the characters' feelings about
their adventures. on it does. with the
adventures themselves. which I fo
refreshing. ‘
The Swords THIogy by Michael
Moorcock (Berkley, $1.95) is a thick
collection of three previously-published
novels. These chronicle the adventures of
Prince Corum. His entire race has been
destroyed by a tribe manipulated by the
forces of Chaos. Originally somewhat of a
paciﬁst, Corum goes after this tribe rather

Aside from the physiological
impossibility of her surviving such an
experience, there is the matter of the ice-
slopc. It cannot be glacial, because it is
not covered with snow and it is thin
enough so that boulders stick up through
it. It cannot be a frozen body of water
because of the conﬁguration of the slope
and ofthc mountain. it appears as though
the writers know there is ice on high
mountain slopes and have thought the
matter through no further.

But I suppose that's all right because all
this is only make believe. right? Right.
The book is the first of a trilogy. I urge
you all to pretend to buy them.

Starmbringer by Michael Moorcock
(DAW Books. 5 l .50) is more successful in
its variations from the norm in sword and
sorcery. lts hero. Elric of Melnibone, and
is an albino who is given fortitude by the
sword of the title. The sword is an evil

torture: The leader of the saveage
Mabden blinds Corum and cuts off one of
his hands.

In both of the Moorcock books, there
are some short passages of superﬂuous
text which are perhaps designed to create
the aura that these stories are chronicles
of events which have really taken place.
They come off as rather pompous and
unnecessary. but this is a nit which should
not discourage you from buying either
book. As a bonus. both Elric and Corum
are tied into a common metaphysical
framework, and Elric actually appears in
one of the books in the Swordtrilogy. It
will add a bit of ﬂavor for the reader
familiar with Moorcock‘s characters in
other series.

 

Welcome Back My Friends

By JIM SATURNO

For the approximately 6.000 people who braved the weather
to attend Monday‘s Emerson, Lake and Palmer concert at the
R Pl Fieldh0usc, it was worth every snowﬂake. Opening with
the theme from the old T.V. series “Peter Gunn". the trio
launched into a show that clearly exhibited their many musical
talents and provided a good amount ofentertainmentto boot.

Keith Emerson. always in the musical forefront with his
many keyboards. appeared to have a good time. During
“Hoedown” he used a synthesizer/"ﬂamethrower"to douse the
front rows with smoke. During “Tarkul"'he exploded a part of
his keyboard console, and to show that he wasn't just a stunt
oriented performer. he played everything from “Maple Leaf
Rag“ to excerpts from his concerto with a little rock ‘n‘ roll

thrown in for good measure.

Performing what appeared to be many of his favorite songs,

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

~

Greg Lake's voice sounded crystal clear (a miracle for the
Fieldhouse). Lake's repetoir included such songs as “Lucky
Man." "C'est La Vie,“ “Pirates,” “Tiger in the Spotlight," and
the very appropriate encore; “Show Me the Way to Go Home."

Carl Palmer provided the showstopper of the evening when
he performed his percussion solo during “Tank.” To call it a
drum solo would be an understatement, as he threw in gongs,
timpanis and the xylophone as well. The part that inspiredthe
standing ovation however was when he juggled his drumsticks
and then used just his foot pedals to play.

Missing from the show unfortunately, was the music from
the Brain Salad Surgery LP. considered by many to be their
ﬁnest effort. This was partly compensated though, by the
inclusion of the often overlooked Pictures at an Exhibition.

ln till the wide spectrum of music the trio provided delighted
everyone and the two-hour show made true believers of any in
the crowd that had yet to be enlightened.

PAGE IA

reeultingia the  of  

Elric's world—are an interesting and,

half-heartedly. and is rewarded by.

 

 

‘ek’xsekvekgaye: ~_,_' 1

 
  
  
  
     
    
    
  
  
 
   
   
   
   
   
    
  
    
 
   
   
  
  
  
    
        
      
          
           
      
         
      
           
     
 

 

      

 
  
    
   

     

