 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

 

 

 

 

byj D. Willien

In the Collegium Column on October 30,
Malcolm J. Sherman defends SUNYA‘s
policy on reconsideration of tenure and
promotion decisions. Some of hisarguments
are cogent and factual. However, to il-
lustrate the good faith of those involved in
the application of this policy, he goes on to
cite the decisions of tie mathanatiesdepart-
ment on reappointment as evidence.

At this point his article becomes a forum
for his personal opinions. and includes a per-
sonal attack on a former member of the
mathematics department. The transition
from reason to opinion is startling and un-
fortunate.

I am also a member of the mathematics
department. Sherman and l have both been
in the department the same length of time.
We were both granted tenure with promo-
tion the same year. We both shareacommon
concern for the well being ofthis university.
We both are active research mathematicians,
dedicated teachers. and responsible par-
ticipants in departmental and university af-
fairs. We are also good friends. However. on
every point ofopinion expressed in the latter
part of his article. I hold an almost directly
'oppositc opinion.

Or. to put it bluntly. in my opinion Sher-
man is wrong. He is wrong to personally at-
tack an individual with statements. at least

Criteria Questioned 7  \

one of which is incorrect and others of
which. if correct and available to Sherman,
demonstrate a serious breach of conﬁdence
on the part of the chairman of the depart-
ment at that time. Heis wrong when he says
that this is the only case in which a former
member of the department was embittered
because of his or her dismissal. I know of
several others. He is wrong to imply that
departmental'decisions on reappointment
demonstrate the good faith of the ad-
ministration in the application of SUNYA
policy in tenure and promotion decisions.
Departmental decisions on reappointment
are primarily internal decisions by the chair-
man and members ofthe faculty.Tenure and
Promotion decisions involve individuals
from the entire university community. In
many casesdecisions rendered by the depart-
ment (acting in good faith) are reversed by
college and university committees or by in-
dividual administrators (acting in good
lTiith).

To conclude. as Sherman does. that the
tenure decision system does work to select
the most qualified from among their less
able.deniesthisconflict.Thebasicissues still
remain: who is to establish the criteria for
determining what more or less able means.
and who is to havcp rimary responsibility for
decisions rendered on these criteria?

  

by Charles Kobln,
English Department

Professor Staley‘s recent contributions to
“Collegium' raise some very interesting
questions about the future governanceofthe
university. I should like to address myselfto
one ofthese questions, the place of tenure in
the university conceived as—and rightly so a
coleglum. Assuming that in the not too dis-
tant future we rcgiiin on it wider scale than is
now possible tluit community of teacher-
scholars and students-students which
characterized the university in its formative
stage how far. alas. we have fallen away!-
what part will tenure play in It rejuvenated
university'.l The temptation. and we could
yield to worse. is to rcspond“Nonc". When
scholars gather in quest of shared
knowledge. those whojoin the collegium in
good faith need not fear excommuniczrtion.

Complacency versus Imagination

Ed. note: This is the'thirdand ﬁnalp’art of
a series by Professor Staley of the English
Department.

by Harry Staley

In the collegium, the sharing of inquiry is
essential, and for that reason it isofthe most
urgent importance that the administration
be recruited from the ranks of scholars and
teachers. Even now there are administrators
who have not seriously been involved with
any of theans or sciences. with any academic
discipline whatsoever during an interval of
more than ten years. Asa result policy is be—
ing developed by those who do notqualify as
colleagues. The concept of collegium argues
that no one who has not taught his subject

for more than five years may continue in ad-
ministrative ofﬁce.

In our description of the
Collegrum as against the technological or
managerial institution. I should like to
propose an advantage fostered by the
former. It is an advantage the nature of
which involves some subtlety and com plexi'
ty. It has to do with myster-y and contradic-
tion and a mode of inquiry beyond the or-
dinary strategies leading to either empirical
or analytical statements. It has to do.
basically. with the free play of the mind
which comes into action in the academic
community only when the principles ofthrit
community are based not merely on instruc-
tion. but shared enterprise. The philosophies
that spawn careerism. management. the cult
of the computer. and any intellectual com-
placency smother this aspect of the “Hon
curiosity" spoken of by Einstein. One might.
expecting at times skeptical or even cynical
reception. call it Intuition or imagination.

Since lam rush enough to try to propose
the exceptional genius of Einstein its the
model of the h'ghcst academic virtue. I shall
Invoke Whitehcad's observation that the
veriﬁcation of one of Einstein's hypotheses
exempliﬁes the modern mode or ritual of
tragedy.

The pilgrint fathers of the scientiﬁc tm-
ugirwtion 40.5 it wrists today are the great
Iragctlt'ottr of ancient A them. A catchy/us,

PAGE TEN

LL. “my 6’ - -w 1..

 

Sophocles", Euripides. Their vision of [(110,
remorse/es: and indifferent, urging rt tragic
incident to its inevitable issue. is the vision
possessed by science. Fate in Greek tragedy
becomes the order of nature in modern
thought. The absorbing interest in the par—
ticu/ar heroic incidents. or an example and
veriﬁcation of the workings of fate.
reappears in our epoch or concentration of
interest on the crucial experiments. It was
my goodfortunc to bepresent at thcmeeting
of the Royal Society in London when the
astrorronwr royal for England announced
that th e photographic p lult'.t' for thr'fttntoui
eclipse. as mcaiurutl by his colleagues in
Greenrt'it‘h ()b.i‘t'r\'tttor_\'. hurl verified the
prediction of Einstein that rayr of light are
bent as lllt‘_l’[)tt.t'.\' tn the neighbourhoodofthe
sun. The whole atmosphere oftt'rm' interest
war exactly that of the Greek Drama: We
were the chorui commenting on the degree
of destiny as disc/o.ch irt the developmental
u .I'uprume incident. There was dramatic ten-
.iton. the traditional ceremony. and in the

background thcp it'trtrcoj'Newton to remind!

us that the greatest of A't‘lt‘ltllflt‘
generalization: was now. after more than
two centuries. to rcceivcjtsﬁrst modiﬁca-
tion. Nor was the pt'ri'onal interest wanting:
a great adventure in thought had at length
come .rttfc to rho re.

And in ti letter to Wallace Stephens. Jean
l’rrulhan discusses the free play of imagina-
tion in science and philosophy:

It is adlrtittcd rince Planck that deter—
mt ntsm - tlrc rclttttorr ofcaui'c to effect - ex-
t.It.I. or .m It \‘t‘t‘lrl.l', on thcfrumon .t‘t'ttle‘. only
by nrr'uni u/un aggregate o/rtastit'ul corn-
pcttrttttttrts and as the physicists .Iuy, by vir-
luv u] Itlttt'rtlJt‘tI/ltt' approximations. (There
I) much to dream about in those
ntur’rrrit‘rtptc app roxtrntttrony xi .i‘ It) the true
nature of corpurcular ur quurtttc
phenomena. well. try to imagine them. No
one has yet .ltlt'l‘c’t‘llt‘tl. [tut the poets - it is
possible.

And l’aullitui goes further. introducing
into his argument the-great French physicist
Louis dc llroglie. whose ideas on the wave

nature of matter Einstein was the first to
recognize and promulgate:

It comes to this that philosophers (pur-
tit‘ulurly the philosophers of science) make.
not discoveries but hypotheses that may I”
caller! poetic. Thus Louli‘ dc Broglic admits
that p rogrt-sr in physics l.\’. it! the moment. in
.ruxpcnsc because we do not have the words
or the integer that are t’A‘Xl‘Illlul to us, But to
create illuminationr. images, words. that is
the writ rt‘ll.l'()ll for being of pom:

'Ihe non-empirical and non-logical or
umtlylic component in scientific achieve-
ment Is further suggested by the fact that at
the time Einstein recognized rind espoused
publicly de Ilroglic's wave-theory, it had
been propounded without it shrcrid of ex-
perimental evidence.

Unimtrginntive rind complacent instruc-
tion in the classroom cannot withstand the
power of the imagination. A colleague once
announced to me - solemnly. as he was
suited there in our cafeteria. sipping rind
chewing - announced to me that. because of
the achievement of linguists and computers
rind. - what shrill l sriy'.’ - the higher cm-
piricism. we know all that can be known
about poetry; Its mystery once and for all
had succumbed. Wecnnexpluiri itawtiy.oril
not quite trwuy. we can explain ll fully.

It is not the case thutcxperimentulrorrrind
analysis drive out imagination. but rather. if
we are to believe llolron. Einstein.
dellroglie. Puirlhun. and. us we shall see.
even Newton. the imagination is essential to
the progress of science. 'I o acknowledge thrit
one's em piricul and analytic discoveries are
open to continuul and radical modification
and that imagination and intuition tire
relentlessly bringingto betrron theirvulidity
energies from dimensions rind realms hither-
to unknown and unavailable testifies to one's
own humility rind sense of humor. Humor
and humility are the only graces that make
the cliissroom not only bearable, but
valuable.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

~lllltl by majority vote.

while those who in the judgement of their
peers gravely falter in the quest.for good or
bad reasons. are obliged after a fair grace
period towithdraw from it. Withoutatcnure
system. decisions as to who in the collegium
is worth and who is not would be made. but
made as they ought. from within the
collegium and on a democratic basis.

According to popular assumption. tenure
protects the academic freedom ofthose who
hold it at the expense ofthe freedom ofthose
who do not. no doubt. In fact.nothingcould
be more naive than the popular assumption.
at least to the extent that what is implied is
that tenure benefits the academic communi-
ty as a whole. How can one "free" Ir com-
munity by insuring thesecurityofsomeol'its
members. when the mujoritystudcnts rind
untcnured facultyhtive little or no security?
As everydictator knows. the best way to con»
strain a people is to divide it against itself;
and the dictatorship of bureaucratic
capitalism has hit upon the tenure system as
one means (among several) of constraining
the collegium to its perverse will. Managerial
decision—makers. trained as often as not in
bureaucracy rather than scholarship. insure
the divisive function of the tenure system by
rtrbitrrrrrly awarding tenure to those who
work is inventive or initiative and therefore
saleable in the marketplace yctoften denying
tenure to those who contribute most to the
life of the scholarly comrnunily and have its
support for tenure. In short. the tenure
sy sit-m. as now administered. creates a crisis
atmosphere in the collegium: it demorrrlircs
scholrirsand disrupts and rightful activity of
the scholarly community. which is the shar-
ing of knowledge.

liut ifit is naive to suppose that Ihetenure
system protects academic freedom. il is
equally naive to suppose that it can be dis—
mantled in one daring sweep. It would hen
mistake to abolish tenure Without in the
same step dcmocrtiliting the governuncc ol
the university. especially personnel (It-it»
sions. For the present. two signilrcnnr
changes should be made to move the univer—
sity nearer to collegium. I’irst. students
should acquire n lrrllcr role in formulating
university policy than they now have. The
50-50 propoer | of sevcrtrlyeurs buck needs to
be revived. Second. tenure decrsions should
he reached finally tit the departmental level
Departmental
chriinncn should cost votes only to break
ties. and the processing of tenure
applications above the departmental level
should be srrrctly procedural. lhc tenure
syslctn mrry prove rustrr rid lllllllllllt: when Im-
plemcnted at the departmental level. In
which case there would he no need to scrap
the system entirely. IllL' ricndcmic depart-
mcnr. tiller illl. is the one branch of the
modern IInrvcrsIty where something like It
gcnurnc collcgrirm crrti still he achieved.
however fitfully. trrid where scholars can
therefore be meaningfully judged by their
peers. I will not pretend llitrt these two
suggestions enjoy general support Wlllllll the
university. but when the integrity of the
scholarly community is the issue and we
seem to have arrived ill lhul dirt: struil-
changes distasteful or even frightening to
some are our only hope of restoring a
damaged frtbric.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 6. 1973

 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
   
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
   
  
 
 
 
   

 

 

 

 

 

Community Service: NYPIRG In-

ternship interviews now being con.

ducted. Get info at Community Ser-

vice registration, LC 3-4, this week.
i A 1

Biology Faculty STUDENT RECEP-
TION with tours of the building and
labs. Wed. Nov. 7 at 7:30 pm, Bio
248.

at.

Munchkin Club meeting Thursday
ll18, 7 pm. fireside lounge lmpor
lonl.

There will be or meeting of Campus
Crusade for Christ on Tues., Nov. 6,
or 7:14 pm. in the Physics Building
Lounge (Ph l29). All students and
faculty are invited.
Phoenix SUNYA’s
magazine, will meet Tues, Nov but
8 pm. in CC 375.

Literary

The Italian American Student
Alliance
Slrodo” crt llS next meeting on Wed ,
Nov. 7, I973 of 8:l5 pm In LC 20
with free beer, soda and munrhn-s

presents Fellrnr's In

All interested are welcome, furrdorl
by SA.

The Alliance Francoise d'AIbony
wrll hold its next meeting on Thurs
day, November 8 ol 8:l 5 pm In the
Assembly room ofthe Campus Center
SUNYA. The guest speaker Will be
Professor emeritus Jean Albert Bede
of Columbia Universrty who will
speak on Jeon~Pou| Sortre The
public is invited to attend

4 plus 2 and Friends, HOLIDAY
SING: all present and post members
of 4 plus 2 and anyone who wants to
join us. There will be on Important
meeting Tuesday, Nov 6 llodoy
ol3130) In the basement of Chen
doga Hull. Any questions or problems
please call Entry 76220 or Diurru/
5W5.

the

mcr'lors & minors

clubs 8: meetings
W

lower MO
level

THURSDAY NIGHTS

BEER BLAST All the beer
you can drink $2.00

PLUS Entertainment

57 fuller rood - within wol

     
           
 
 
  
   
 

Holiday Sing Songleaders meeting

Wed, Nov. 7 at 7 pm. in CC
Assembly Hall. All songleoders musl
offend. Forinfo - coll Debbie (78070)
or Beth (432-4117).
Outing Club meets this Wednesday
of 7:30 pm. to CC 315. Sign up for
REAL LOG CABIN weekend at Dip-
pikill, Nov l7-l8 Also trips for this
weekend. Come on out
LP. Cercle Francois meets
Wednesdays at B p.m., Physics
Lounge Rm 129.

Albany Evangelical Christians
meets r-very Frrtlrry mghtot 7 00pm.
In (C 315 Como Iom wIth us In the
Fellowship of tho lord For more In
Iormcilion Lilli 457 7929

Wow
official notice

Community Servire Registration
November 5th November 9th

Anyone Inletestod In volunteering or
III the Community Service Program,
please coll the CommunIly Servrce
Contact Office I7 ABOI IoI slop by In
ICE 30B

Got o grrpe" Bung II to Grievonre
Committee Office hours In CC 308
llll‘ Muir l30300, luv-I 8 III l0

1'! (onto III, ()I fill Il tmltrtIrI (Iroptt In
tho grtpt: In): Ill llll‘ lobby of lhc
(urnpus Crmtvr Iu(ros\ Item Info
I,Il“tl(‘

Peace Corps Vista Rurrurtnrg and
Info booth III Compuch-Irtor, Iuos,
Wud, E Thurs, Nov 6 7,8 Movie
Wednesday tIIgIIr

It you (il(l not Llllttlld nu evaluation
session for SSW )90, you ore ltillltlg

Community Setvrre. II yrrlr wtirll to

puss IIIII Luuw- you must IrlltziItl on
truf tlu‘ lUllO‘NllllJ IIIrIkI- rill unworrs til
it II'IuA Mona... II I) tit 1200,
ROI! 7UII lttl'rtlrly II I} 73,100.
loo wwttruulru, II lit /3 , ’100.
llrittstlity II I‘) /.l 300 /Uf)

 
 

INFORMATION SERVICES: Campus
Center Information Desk for general

information and student events 457- »

6923. lnfone: for questionson univer-
sity policies and procedures 457- ,
4630. SUNV/A Line for daily campus
events of general interest- 457-8692.

interested folk

Looking for a meaningful 3-credit
course? Are you willing to work in a
pleasant and informative atmos-
phere? Then why not work in the
State Capitol for on Assemblyman
under The Community Service
Program. Coll Danny, 7-5238.

All those interested in helping to form
and run a Capital District Multiple
Sclerosis Youth Council, please call
Steve Needlemon at 457-5l84. We
need between 20 and 30 people to
organize this fund-raising project.
Every Wed night the Guy Alliance
holds a rap session In the third floor
lounge of Onondaga Hall, Indian
Quad Anybody who has questions
coneernrng the Guy experience or
just wants to folk :5 welcome to at—
Iend Our office Is CC 308 and our
phone number Is 457-7509 if anyone

wants to contocl us.

The Capital District Chaplet of
New York State Natural Food
Associates will meet Thurs. Nov. Sol
730 p In. or Niskoyunu High School
little lheoter auditorium, Bulliown Rd.
Schenectady. Moe Press, lecturer on
nutrition from Syracuse Will be guest

speaker The public Is Invited.

Weekday Newman Mass
srlredule:Mon.,FrI, II IO a.m.;
Tumduy, Wed, Thurs l2:l0 p.m.

All IIIcIIsm field In the Campus
(ttltllfi A scripture and prayer ser~
Vltt: will he held Thurs, Nov. 8. of
9 ()0 p In Ill Chapel House

Episcopal Services every Sunday
Lind Wednesday evenrng at 7pm ol
Chapel House For further Informa-
tion please contact. the Rev. Harold
Bourn, 489 8573.

All Holiday Sing applications must
be handed III to CC367 by Wed.
Nov 7, I973, no Ioterthon 4.30. They
on: rivorlrrlilc ill the CC Information
Dusk
Delta Stgma Pi It sponsoring 0
Matthew J
MrHuglI, (l Registered Reprosen

prolonsronol ovunt

Iulrvr: for Merrill Lyrth wrll- spook on

Thursday, Nov. 8 at 3:30 pan. In the
BA Faculty lounge, 3rd floor on “The
Broker and the Stock Exchange;
Duties of the Registered Represen-
tutivc.”

a
Are you interested in discussing social
influences in choosing a career?
Drop by BA "5 on Thursday nightsut
7 pm. for on informolgroup. This is
an ideal opportunity for anyone eon-
eerned with career influences.

Stare Quad Record Co-op Open
Every Thursday. 5:30-7:30.
Need a friend? A friendly ear? A
place to rap? Call the 5300 Middle
Earth Switchboard with any
problem. If we can't help, we'll refer
to someone who can. Give u call
anytime.

I am Mitch Kassoff an elected
University Senator from Dutch
Quad. If you have any questions or
problems concerning the University
Senate please write to me of Box 66-
Dutch Quad. Thank you.

Tutors needed! Ccrll Mr, Raymond
Piscltelli, Albany C.Y.O. Community
Service Center, 462-5636 to assist
boys and girls in grades 5-8.
Students for the Impeachment of
Richard Nixon organizing soon.
Watch Gr ffifi for announcements.

what to do

Green Catherine and free beef Fri-
day, Nov. 9 In the campus halroom.
Come and party with us. Admrssion
SI 00 With lcrx, Sl.25 wrihoul. All
proceeds go to Peace Project ~Ior
future Irlms, speakers and parties.

International Folk Dancing from s
8'30 pJ“. Thursdoy93rd floor of the
gym Come any time, cr great study
break. Beginners welcome

Israeli Dancing - Every Thursday
nrglil from 8:30 to l0:30 All are

welcome.

W
sport shorts

Albany State Slri Club It having a

SPECIAL PRICE NIGHTS

NO COVER

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER (5, 1973

Beer $.35
Wine $.40

NDAY — TUESDAY — WEDNESDAY
Pitchers $1.50

Any Mixed Drink $.75
FRIDAY AND SATURDAY

Good Music
and
Good Drinks

NO MINIMUM

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

king distance from the uptown campus

 

meeting, November 7, lC 18 all7tv30.

Please come! Duos will be collected.
Q Q t

Albany State Fencing Society will .

meet Wednesdays 7:30 to 990 and
Saturdays l0:00-l2:00. for foil,
sober and epoe‘fencing respectively.
The society offers inter and intro
college competition, as well as
professional instruction. Beginners
are welcome.

can

Run in AMIA Cross-Country meet,

Nov, 8 of 4 PM. Applications CC 356.

not

Your first
tampon
should
be a
Kotex
tampon.
Zr

Because only Kofex
tampons have soil.
rounded ends gentle
Insettron guides
Instead of two bulky
tubes. .and more
protection than the
leadrng brand. But
the only way to be
convrnced IS to let a
Kotex tampon be
your IIrst one.

wasn t,
here's a-

second
chance.

Fot rI rrml silo nncknuo oi Kotos'
rrrtnpotls (‘1 [humans], .1 ptelly pulse
conmrnot. and it von explanatory
hook otrlrllud "Tull It Like It Is",
mail this order lurrn With 25: to com
to savor mailing and nnndltng Io

Kotex tamp’ons
Box 551 C i
Noenah, Wisconsrn 54956

l‘rllnt'

Adtlrt-n'

Clly

tilnlv

Allow :1 weeks tor tiuirvu

t
Ullul monies Dtrcomtmt it, will
ltlllll one not cuslumur

   
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
 
 
   
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
   
    
  
   
    
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
    
 
   
  
  
  
 
 
   
   
     
   
 
   
 
 
  
  
  

s .a. .‘ .. “AL‘gmeq. '

