o'e‘

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

' ~ letters
A Program In Search
Of A Leader

To the Editor:
Aniopen letter to President Benezet ;

The members ofthe Italian American Stu-
dent Alliance protest the unfair and
capricious denial oftenure to Dr. A. Sogliuz-
7.0. an internationally respected teacher and
scholar. and an expert in the Italian-
Anierican Theatre. It would be expected that
this University center which is located in a
tri-citya rea having a 60%Italian population.
and having one of the largest ltalian-
Anierican student enrollments in the nation.
would have more regard for a faculty
member actively pursuing research and
publication in Iialitrn<Anierican studies _

In addition to his many noted
publications. Dr. Sogliuuo has been very
active in both university and Community
theatre acti\ ities. Last semester Dr. Sogliuz-
Io originated and directed a play. "I" 77mm
('rrr‘ku/rlt. which produced much acclaim
and drew great attendance from both the
school and the community. Presently he has
a major role in Flore/lo: a production by the
Schenectady Civic Theatre ()rganilation
which will open over the Ihanksgiving
Holidays.

Besides being actively in\olvcd in com-
munity scryice. Dr. Sogliuuo. becauscoi his
speciali/ation in the Pirandcllo theatre. isan
instrumental component in our micr-
departmental ltalian Studies program.
which is still in the planning stages. [his
program would allow for students presently
in Italian studies program. or for that
matter. any interested student. to ac-
cumtrlate credits for his-her major from
other departments within the University.
Such a program would hold many advan-

Not Legally Binding
To the Editor:

Re Paul A. Cook, David ('onovcr. and
Chris ("irnovcr‘s letter entitled “I‘emalc
Chauvinisi Sow" in the November 9ISSUI.‘ of
the ASP. First. I would like to say that Mr.
'I liompson wasnicthcr coerced nor harassed
into dropping Iinglish 313. 'I'hcdccisinu was
his riwnone stemming from his apparent tin-
willingncss to sit down and listen to class ol
women discussing women. ,lust howclsc did
Mr. Ihoinpson expect to learn about the
subject when he signed into the course'.’ Did
Iic presume that he could teach women about
llicmsclvcs',’ (irantcd. the learning process
inyolycs an exchange of ideas. however. Mr.
llioinpson was not requested to remain
silcnl‘he was requested to rclrarn from
dominating the class.

Secondly. I iound Mssrs. Cooke and
('onovcr‘s indignant outrage wrth reicrencc
to (‘oiistitutional rights. to be highly amus—
ing. Our government “ BY THE PEOPLE
I‘OR fill? PEOPLE AND ()I" IHIi PH)-
I’I.Ii” saw ﬁt to overlook women and blacks
as being part. and a large pan “1 iinsgmup
aillcd “people.” llchlsccan
one explain ilic two Ituritlrcd years women
have existed under this government Without
legal rights. let alone rccognition'.’ Indccd.
(‘nirkc and (‘onoycr unite thcmsclvcs WIIII
our iounding iatlicrs when they advocate

"action It
be taken so that any such violations at
liccdom and equality in learning be
prevented against such matriculated
students as Mr. Ihompson...” I doubt that
Mr Ihonrpsoa'sallegationscould stand in a
court oi law. Iwould suggest.iiistead.iliat
University ('crﬁrttl (‘ouncil concern
themselves with the countless violations
perpetrated against. women. iiiitl see how
quickly their functioning is paralysed.

Monica Ii. Rcttss

PAGE EIGHT

tagcs for the present and potential Italian
Studies student.

Dist year. concerned members of the
Italian clubs on campus approached the Ad- r
ministration. notably. Vice President
Sirotkin. and expressed their concernsabout
the potential debilitating effect the dismissal
of Dr. Sogliuzzo would have on the pro-
jected interdepartmental ltalian Studies
Program.

Mr. Sirotkin. at that timeinformedus with
the greatest confidence that our inter-
departmental program was in absolutely no
kind ofjeopurdy whatsoever.» He (Sirotkin)
further stated that if Dr. Sogliuuo was dis-
missed. hc would be replaced by someone of
equal qualifications in the ltalian-American
'I'beatr i. and one who would be ina position
to help organize the inter-departmental
Italian program.

Onc y‘ar has now passed. and wea re still
waiting for the administration to live up to
its word. Already. Dr. Sogliu/Jo has been
denied tenure. and a suitable replacement is
nowhere in sight. His denial of tenure is
another example of the provincialism of the
Administration and its indificrcnccs to ilic
students and the community.

It is obviotis now. one year after the
meeting with the Vice President. that Mr.
Sirotkin and his pack of wolves hayc
deliberately and maliciously once again ptrt
one oycr on the students.

the students oi ilic ltalian-American
Student Alliuncc demand immediate ex-
planation and apology Ior being placed un-
der lalsc pretense by a connir ingadmiiiistr'a-
tion. We further insist that ilic administrav
tion ciihcr reinstate Dr. Sogliu/lo whose
credentials are beyond question. or replace
Iiini witli a comparable expert in his

Needless to say. we hate no respect Ior an
administration which stands on a podium oi
deceit. and preaches lies. \\‘e sincerely hope
that the adriiinistraiion will not in any way.
shape. or lorrn damage otir proposed inter-
departmental program. arid it \\III. with all
dclibciatc speed. act in such a way as to pre-
\cnt Iur'ilicr alienation oi ilic alliance.

Ilic ltalian-American
Student Alliance

Starry, Starry Night

Io ilic Iiditor:

l‘all appears to have lirtally passed her Ill
Albany and students are bracing lortlte long
cold winter. Preparations Ior thc onslaught
range lrom dc»inothballing the winter
chillies to ‘wrnicii/rng" ilic car (that is.
assuriirng ihcrc wrll be gas on which to run
it). We ha\c all come to expect WIIII this
season's arrival. .in increase in the weather-
related colds anti \ii‘tiscs What many of us
Itiilcd to rcriIi/c back in late August and
Septcinbcr was that another health problem.
also weather. or at least season-related
would temporarily arisc.

Indeed. you may ask how syphilis is
related to those warrii illitI sensuous late
stiriitiicr and early IaII nights" We'll leave
that to your imagination. Suliicc it to say.
that according to statistics Irorii the State
Health Department there was an upsurge in
reported syphilis cascsrii September and ()c-
iohcr and the problem at this point lies esr
pccially wiili SUNYA's (iay population.
\‘ow tour to six cases may not sound par;
ticuhir Iy alarming to you. but whenyou cori-
siilct that this represents almost onc-lrttli iii
the reported cases in tipstatc New York, you
can perhaps put these cold statistics irilo
pcrspcctrvc lo repeat allol thcsccascs Ili-
v MW and all oi them were the result oi sanic
*sCK eonlnd

Health department oilicmls .ric tltilkh to
cinphasi/c that this is not part oi .i gciicial
rise in IIIL‘ llIthIL‘tlt‘c oi \ I) In tact. .iccor»
drug to ilic National ( cntci lot I)iscrisc('rin~
trol in Atlanta. there has been a lcycltng oil
oi ilic nationwide increase in syphilis Brit
students returning irorii stirirmci yiiiaiiori
combined with those warm evenings to pic-
sctii colic to health stiili with periodic Ilaps.

Now is ilic time to get a blood sciccnriig
Some of tliiisc crises were in tlic secondary
stage and the possibility oi inicciion cart be
high. Blood tests. which cover boili syphilis
and gonorrhea (the clap is always around)
can he obtained tree at ilic Student Health

A Dog’s Life

To the Editor:

In letters to the editor concerning English
3|]. citizens of the academic community
have. in actuality addressed their comments
to either Mr. Thompson or Ms. Fetterley. I
should like to address mine to the English
Department. which. after all. offers the
course. My approach is not without merit.
since beyond alldittirihCh‘ levelled against
Professor Fettcrlcy lurks a pejorative assess-
ment of her department.

Any aspersions cast at the English Depart-
ment are unfounded and refutable. l com-
mend the l'aculty for refra iniiig from offering
an apologia. They know ftill well that the
sociologicalthcrapetitie approach tti literary
criticism cart stand on its own. Ms.
I‘citcrlcy'scrnployinertl ofit bears witnessto
this tact. Istlggcsl. however. that it is now
the time riot Ior restraint. buiraihcrlor ric-
tion. In \ icw oi the notorietyoi Iinglish 113.
ilic department that offers it should iii-
troduce other courses in the same \cin.

Why not "Canines in literature?" lhis
would be it \alid olici'ing. oncwhichlias too

long been ignored. Dogs ha\c bccn t‘ciectcd
as serious matter or damned with iairit pr'aisc

One problem. it would scerii. would bcthc
selection oi works to to bc intestigaictl.
IIicy are not many. ('iII/ri/ the II r/i/mighi
be one. and Ill.\\lt'. ('rinii' IliIlHi’ u/inl/ii'r.

lhc scolicr may sirggcsi ihui /.II\\I(‘, ('orirr'
l/itlllt‘ is itiii it work oI art. llby iotrsly. art is
irreleyaiit to the study oi l ugliin Iricratut‘c.
lhis nincl would be considered ior its state-
ment on man's nccd lor‘ a courageous cirllics
in a world \iod ol stahlc cilircs. how well the
statement is made is only of secondary Ilil-
port. r\csthctic principles. Ms. I't'ttcrlcy has
shown. rc line hit Walter I’atcr. biit supci-
IIL'IrlI Ioi Kati: Millet. llcncc. /.ll\\lt', ( IHIIi’
llo/rii' merits iii-dcptli perusal.

lhc skeptic may suggest that ilic study oi
canines iti Hottan o/ the Batkt'riirI/«i is iin-
warranted. stricc man's best irrcnd is
depicted nobody in that work. Ultimately.
this leads to lie isstic ol morality and
literature Ms. I'cttcrlcy Iias tirade c\idcnt
the loci that whereas the tisc til morality as
one possihlcstandar'd of literary worth isitnc

for Matthew Arnold. it is fruitless for her
students: women‘are seldom depicted in
literature as she would have them. Hence.
were morality to be considered. few and far
between would be the "real" works of art.
How then should "Canines in
Literature“ be examined? I turn to
Professor Fetterley forguidancc. The course
might bring up such matters as : stereotyp-
ing oi‘dogs in literature. motifofoppression
of dogs in literature. connotations ofcaninc
imagery t“bitch." "DOGFACED"
“mut"). vivisection as reﬂection of modern
turmoil in literature. influence of the Rus-
sian Wolfhound and French poodle on the
English bulldog in literature. and ex-
planations for the scarcity ofcaninc atithors.
Naturally. only dogs should be permitted
to enroll in the course. since invariable. their
"toasters" tend to dominate in class discus—
sion. I'hey intist feel free to conve .e.
I’urtliermoredi would be preferable were ilic
instructor offering the course a dog; as such
the instructor should bring empathy aiid
heightened sensitiyiiy to his i‘oleiiithcclass.
I-inally. there is a small contingency oi
would call

 

elitist "scholars" (so they
lIIL‘tilschcsi who may suggest iliat. all iliirigs
considered. the I riglish Department has no
business oliering “(armies in l ilcraturc "
Ilic limciion oi ilic l-tiglish Department.
they sophisircalh argue. is ilic crigcndci'ing
oi understanding. appreciation. and
scholarship: riot the dissection iil art along
sociological principles. or thcycniingoi pciii
tip lrusiraiinns on ilic part oi the sttidcnis
lhcsc traitors. Icotrrsc.;irc insensiineto ilic
sirllcrings ol thc dogliood \cillicr do ilic\
know how io.ippiorich or cstinitiic tlrcyaliie
ol art | hey can only rindcrrniiic the rcpriiri-
iron ol tire I riglisli Department. Iltr'sc
lttci.ii\ L'Il.ttl\llllsl pigs are to be shunned.
Ilricil\. I c.ilI tIII \ls. I ciicilcy to gun Inc
in the \;irigit.iid oi iliosc lighting lot
"i .iniiics llI litciatiirc.‘ .is well .is "\\orircri
in I itcraliitc." oi what II(l\t' you \gaiiist so
- called "scholars" .iiid "loycis ol .iii”| :ii
tic.ii ilic support ol lcimnrsts. |iiiiii.irir-.is.
.iiid the \\l’( ‘\ \ll those in layor rII d ncw
r-nligliicnmcnt. ti renaissance in the I nglisii
tlcptiiiriicrit“('ry ha\oc." and let slip IIictIi‘gs
oi war "
\l;ri\in McII/cl‘
HI \\ A ('ltiss ill ‘73
(ii‘ttd Student in I nglisli» Indiana Iiiii\.

i0.0.0000000000000000IOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOIOIOOOO0.0.0.000!

('enier. Dr. Iloritl reports that you don‘t
cycit hate to scciidoctoi:yoti can simply ask
a ntirsc to administer the icsi. lhc Albany
('ourin Health Department (V. I). (‘Iinrci
also does Ircc screening. Monday tliioiigli
I iidriy.‘) AM to | I AM andl PM to ,I I’M.
I\icinbcrs oi ilicii siriil will be iii the nest
Hl‘r \Y A tiny Alliance meeting on
\‘oycmbcr lilih Io arisch questionsand t.ikc
lrcc blood tests. lhcy will start at 7'3I‘ I’M iii
the ( .irnpusl'criiei \ssciiibly Ronni. l'rnal-
Iy. ilic (ray ('oniiittiiiity (‘cntcr at I}! Had-
son Aycntie occassiorially holds ircc scrccn-
rug icsis (iivcthcrna callat Mil-(ii Iii Ioi' ilic
IIC\I date.

It's cold out there so be srirc to bundle tip
your Iiidc when yoti hustle oil to one oi ilic
abo\c locations You may Iiavc iodo the trip
twice. \lIIL'L‘ ilic only sure-lire screening ic-
quit cs .1 IiIIItIW-Up blood test But II wtllbe
.lust think about those sunny spr-
ing .ilterrioons.

worth II

(icorge Sainucls

Charity Begins
At Home

In the I‘tIlItii

I iind II important to straighten otii a cori-
plc oI misleading Iat‘ts prcscnlctl Ili Mr
Nabil Klioury's Ictiei iAbl', \ovcnibci ll),
not as much in order to coriiincc Mr
Khoiiiy tlial Ilt' is wrong but to keep IIlt'
iccoid clcan.

Israel's indcpcridciice did tiirl come out ol

the thc..rntl was noidcclaicd “iIIIIIttchally "

It was based on a resolution adopted by ilic
It NiiiNoicinlrct.1‘147.crilliiigloiiliccs-
iahlisliincnl iii a .icwrsii and an Arab-
l'aicstiritan state In ilic iarid loirncily known
.is I'iilcstiric. lhc resolution was not ‘im-
posed" by the Its A. but iiitiii'rw'asii rcsiilt
oi |iiltll American-Riissiari eiioits Soviet
Russia being. incidcrrtly. the lirsi country to
ii'cirgiir/c lIlt: newly—born Jewiin stale

ALBA N Y S'I'U DEN'I' PRESS

\Ir. Khouiy‘s phrasing. "War broke out
when Israel unilaterally dclcarcd its iii-
dcpctidcncc." barely manages trihidc tliclaci
that Iiic \iab Regular '\llIIIL'\ untitled the
Jewish state. buying the slogan. "libah cl
\aliood" i'AlltIWIt Ioi ‘Kill the Jews") asthcii
tlicriic .inrl nioinc Mi Khoriry may blainc
|sr.ic| ior winning the war. and men ac~
qiiiirng ltirid III the process. btii co co he can't
be as ignorant .is to state that ".ill ilic rcsi ol
Palestine" was taken to cr by Israel. when we
boili know that most iii the populated paitol
Palestine was .llitlt.‘\L'tI by Jordan (the West
|l.ink ) and l gy pt itlic (in/a Str‘ip).whcrc ilic
Palestinian iclirgccs were held in camps in
deplorable conditions by their bretliicn
Arabs. not because there was no means to
rehabilitate thcrii. but because “I Ihcir
iisclulncss in ilic political gtimc

Dealing with each point represented in
Mr Khotiiy's Icttci will make this one liiii
long (although I'll be glad to lay tlicrri down
below Mi Khouiy it he so wishes)

Unc word, though. regarding ilic Palesti-
ni.in liberation Movcntcni. It rsliaril ioi inc.
.l\ .in Israeli to itguic out what kind oi
ilctiiot'ratic \ItIII' oi lcws .rrid '\|Jill\ this
iiirrycnicnt has in Hand while .ill its siip
porters .iic ttIlIllIllt'\ ili \\IlItII the
"democracy" itscll II.|*. IIi't‘li kt‘pl Iit‘lltliil liars
Ioi cctiirii rcs Ii IIII\ 'IL'IIliItltIt\ is grrrngiobc
either beian. \yriaii IiillIrIllIrlII. I gypittiri.
or NtiiidiArabran style. I'd rather keep my

IﬁIacl .rs it is isolated. pcrlt.tps.brrt.it Icast.
t'C
I ill.lIl\. | liciicyc that there are no reasons
in the world why the hostilities and III
Iccliriiis picyailtng in IIIt‘ MitItIIt‘ l tisi should
he translciicd to this campus. Making licrc
ilic same mistakes that are "little thcrc cart
lead. at the riiost. iodccp irristriiiioii. d not
I" ulcers. both being equally riiidcsit'abli'.
here. as much as there
Ron I’i'ity

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 20, I973

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

  
 
 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

     
 

by Andy I’itlley

All interesting question arose
with me one morning. It had
evidently been nudging away at my
subconscious mind all night. for I
awoke not only with the problem
ftilly laid out. but solved as well. I
shouldn't complain my sleep
usually produces nothing but
rumpled sheets but I wish the
answer had come a iew years
earlier. It would have saved me
from other. sleepless nights.

Music criticism is something I
undertook lor two reasons. one
selfish and one humanitarian. ()ri
ilic one hand. I had nothing to do
With my iirne. and writingart article
was good for about an hour
wasted. 0n the other was the
poweriul dislike Ihad for the other
critics in the area. a dislike basctl
on aestlictieai. not personal.
grounds. And so. two years ago I
threw my hat into the concert hall
and began to write about music.

It was then that ilic Problem
stood forth: how does one write
about music" It was so tough an
obstacle I nearly gave up after the
first try. ()bvioUsly. the most irri—
portarii part of the critic‘s work
should be a discussion of the music
itself. for the music is its own end.
Secondly is the analysis oi ilic
means. be it a string quarter. a
symphony orchestra. ora ten-piece
rock ensemble. Finally there
should be a word or two on the ain-
bicncc. the weather. the usiicrctics.
or wliai have you. All this iiitisi bc

Jazz Impact:

by KM [)unlels

In a large capital district area.
where III/I is air almost iron
existent art lorni. last week's .lri:.'
Int/ital show in the university‘s
i’erlorrniiig Arts (‘cntcr Wits a dis
trial Itirlurc and a severe disap-
piririiinerii. lhc
lecture by assorted srdcmen Iiotii
itiiroirs bands such as a iormci
(itillllilllt'll saxophonist I‘raiik
West. a lesser known linrig/risliow

pci'loi iii.iircc-

sirleriiriii and cycn a .lttllraiil stir
dent was in essence sittiply Iar king
lll what ilic iilca ol ilic show was all
about
lhc iiisi set tired to picscnt to us
ilic history nI ].’l/I iioni Iiisiclarid
to “cool” Initially we heard “When
the saints go marching in"rn i.rnly
good I)l.\lt‘ stylc iollowcd by it true
pyaiio tag. the l‘il7 " King I'oiicr's
stirrup" lliis piece was to crrnyey
to the andtcticc-clriss ilic It"
arranging oi II solo number to til
min the you hand as I‘ICIt'IIL‘I
Ilcirdeison did with this piece and
Hill oi which Benny Goodman
made such it huge cornriicr'citrl
:Iicccb‘h. And a briei mention ol the
Duke“ brought a tribute ol the

 
  
   
 
 

Unclaimed

combined “iii! an intelligible arir.
tie .i pcrycrstiy ol itisiicc, but
rcadabrlrn is more lot the well-
r’cad l:\ei\onc else will iigur'c II
out without bctng rnsitlicd by ilic
sentence structure

lycntually. I came to rgriorc ilic
I’irrblcin altogether It was riiticli
easier to write by asserting myown
ego (which is always there when 1
need it). arid throwrng down
whatcyct was on my mind I n.-
nor ‘rI scicntriic discussion ol ilic
classic composers. rl you want that.
II the
concert .is a whole appealed to tire.

go to (rroyc‘s Dictionary

thcn II was srittcssitrl. II the music
was porn. or ilic pcrloriiirincc tlisr
appointing. well. it was .i rirglit
hcitcr spent .it Iurgr's

It was an .itis\\L‘| lll.ll worked.
but in reality it was only hali an
answer I knew ii/ltl/ I was than i.
but didn't know not It litiri to be
asked to dclcnil onc‘s point ol vicw
when ilic iudgcmcni was so oltcii ti
spot decision How do you tell
.IlIIIIl\ llcgyi. a conductor who
sciiinrnagcd with ilic (‘hai-
iriiioogah Symphony bcitire being
I Albany. tliai his rntct-
.X'i'i our]

traded t

pit-tattoo ol IIt.tIilits

.Srnr/iliri/ii could have been
betti-rcil b\ (iriy loiiibtiido" ()t
that his Mir/.iri .Yty’th tiiiglit bc sc-
tiIlItI to nonc' liihci way. Iic‘ll
oiin Irkc ii ii it's torriplrincniaiv
corhlutch\c cinuisniis nnacccp
table II I disagrct'd I was wrong
.ittlririr.iiri'.ill\

but It is IIii' .ilinosplicit'in which

man ic.itiiiiirg.i |.tirl\ gorid.lrt.‘:lrri
['tltl rt'tnli-iing of “Moral Indigo"
.tiiil ‘I.rkc tlii- '\'
big band

Ii.tin". one of
IlIt' IlIlL'\l horn
lIltilillIlIt'Ill's we haw in our
art Iiiycs ol lIlt‘ past

May .ii the lt‘lllllt oi .l.r.. IHI
lint/i wc wcic .rIi iinsiispci'ring oi
the hot that we \\t‘lt‘ iri Ilt'.II no
nitric pill that t-iciirng \bossa
nrryn. "\\.i\c". .lt'"
Rollins r.rl\pso ’\r
showcd ilic Irtllll .iird (.iitilicaii

\oniiy

Ihomas“

tilt-.iiorris irI |.I// but also lr-.iiirri-il
nruddln'vnnroldn dnanulm/l
..ip.ilri|rin-s iII lIlt‘ |ttki'liii\ y‘l.l\t'

x.nrl IIcnlh“. i iridcnic IIni

I’ll/\NK’S
Livi 113:1 Ihmm
_ n J J'
53 153 I} A

 

 
 

Ihunn
Ihnn
lhnh Ilh‘hﬂo

I76 Quail

\I “ll

St.

    

DAY, OVEMBER 20, lEl'/.i

   
 

I'ililii'is

most critics work. It is its ii nobody
is interested in tlic music iiscli;only
their part in the playing of it. Only
in tlic world ol the avant-gard are
critics cxpecicd toopinc the virttrcs
vii ilic music. And that is where the
answcr lies.

Music is still alnc (‘rimposcrs
are creating ceaselessly in dingy
back rooms and bigliwoltagc
aicnas. lhc networks are usually
brought out quietly in lioni oi a
handlul oi inlcrcstcd souls. The
rest ol us sit in musty halls. prescr-
\rng ilic past by tleilyitig ilic great
composers, ()I cottrsc the were
great. btri they only did what they
It'll they had Irrdii. What they corti-
poscd was oiien timeless. but never
ilIIAL‘IIL‘titllptlhslllg. Ihcrc‘s always
room lot more. And the initsic
itscli will decide.

‘lo. the L'tIIIL' cartrioi influence
anything He cannot destroy a
piece by panning II. lust as a bad
piece will die nl its own i cord. A
t'liIIt‘ can‘t use iritisic theory tti hpr

 

Iiirii Ioi ilic theory only evolves
.iItcr ilic music is composed. lhc
ilrcory helps explain. biii ii is not
.in end in itscll. A critic Just
obscrycs

Is it iriiiiition'.’ l’robnhly. Irir I
i.iri't liiid ti iaiionalexplanation. A
y‘irrrtl critic sees and hears loi‘
iiiinscli. their inakcsa decision has-
cil on iicbrrlosity and subconscious
help A bad t‘lIIlL‘ inst can‘t do it.
\iid that is the sole importance ol
ilic critictodav ioobscry'i- correct-

I\

Bombshell

"Ilit Mod
ilrii.rgo to tllt‘tllltlll a left I‘s-

I-nglrshiiian". and

lit‘t rally ilistastclril to student and
i.iii.i|ikcwaslhc (‘liicagoinalctial
pi-ilornrcd Itclpcd along with an
iinlortiinatcly cxiicincly bail
gnndlhi

lii purpose Ilit‘ t'\t.‘lll was not too
\lltlt'\\IlII lot it Irtilcd to complete
its c\pit'ssr'il desire to liiItillll
thoroughly .irid to educate \vlttlc
picst-rriing quality III/I IIlc
.\i'|llligtIIlI\ tan bc thissriicil .is cw
Iiiincly disappointing. and was
.Iintr iii-low IIIL’ ilii.t|il.rioi' p.rr oi
rtr. l'i iIrrinrriip '\Il\ i i'liIi'I iiscll

 

grotips' albums

by Bob Reidinger

Often a new group. or a group
struggling for rccognition.will find
itselfimitating more popular bands
in an attempt to gain attention.
When close imitation becomes the
sole basis of music. the listener
sooner or later loses interest. The
group that immediately comes to
my mind is the Marshall Tucker
Band. who grabbed available ears
with echoes of Traffic. hints ofTulI
and even Three Dog Night. and
most noticeably with their too-
close-for-eo nifort. similarity to the
Allman Brothers. Beyond that.
however. the Marshall Tucker
Ba rid Iiad a sore lack of musical
originality and art album load of
repetitive lyrics. 90 percent of the
albirrn is “My baby left me so I‘m
either a) sttiy ltcr'and sing about it
or bi get out on the road and
sing about Il. While the lyrics and
music became quite tiresome after
a few Iistcnings. ilic album did have
a nice cover.

()n Sir/rim In ('Irriltgr‘( (lean
(‘N 602). Delbert and (ilenavoid
itilling irtto this rut and stillhavc an
attractive cover to gii with the
album. They draw inspiration
ironi blues and country-rock
sources. bringing to mind sitch irn»
probable combinations as ilic l-'|y~
trig Burrito Brothers and tire old
l’a til Iiuitcrficld Blues Band. yet
the word “imitation” would be
totally inappropriate hcrc. Delbert
and (ilcn possess a remarkable
musical awareness and sensibility
which ptrts them above merely
reworking other groiips‘ familiar
styles. Ihcir music. iind it does
become theirs. is a successful syn-
tires is oi dillcrcnl idioms-Rhythm
and Blues. country. and rock-one
occiissionally played up over the
others. btit always with references
to tire other sources. Asa result.
ilic album is attractive to the car
and is a uniquely diverse package.
Ilic subtleties oI Delbert and
(ilcns' songs as brought out by
their melodic twists and internal
contrasts ol style are responsible
ior Ilic lr'cshncss iil .‘i’iilr/r-rr I'o
('liutigi'.

Musical variety also cortics out
oI ilic \ocal combinations that
Delbert and (ileti prinide. llic
btrsic drllt'iciiccs in their \oiccs.
used in iyprcaldiiii i’clationshtpsoi
.ilicinaiing leads and harmony
parts. and solos gives their riitisic
ilial itiiicli iiioic appeal. Delbert
Mct'linton
Burrito Ittll \ocal style. as lll ilic
tiphctit “' ct Me lie Your |oycr."ui

coiiics oil with a

t'ollllttsl to the rustic quality ol
(ilcii ('l.iik's lirglicr
lloili arc able to rcaIi/t' in

arid coarser
sound
then singingthcpoicntialsol notcs
p.riicd \\Illl I\l|t'\ Along with ilicir
own writing .iiid arranging talcnt.
this is .iri .iilih'il iat'ior iii tlicii
rnitsic.il .igtlii\

Delbert .iiid (iicn wiitc their own
material. .iiid itsa credit inability
iIi.it r'ycn lIlt' lc.isi spectacular
songs tII IIii' .rlhitni .IIt‘ on .i put
with lIli‘ best songs on rn.rii\ other
Ihcir particular

subject to 

handling of melody and rhythm
salvages "Oh My." “Too Much."
and “California. Livin‘" (with its
catchy syncopated beat during the
“middle eight" section) from
becoming run of the mill country-
rock songs. The feeling for melody
and the emotional impact of
musical understatement makes
“To Be With You“ more than a
slow ‘cry-in- in-your-heer vehicle
for pedal steel guitar.

Where D and G are most ex-
citingare in their blucsrockcrs. “If
You Don‘t leave Me Alone"opens
with soul rhythm guitaranda good
horn arrangement. The raucous
“Bless Tin" and the driving
"Sidewalk Diploma“ get a good
deal of their power froin the elec- _
tric slide guitar and wailing harp
instrtrmeritation.

“You (ionna Miss Me“ is an ex-
ample of I) and (3‘s musicaladapt-
ability. The song opens with tic-
coustic bules guitar. becomes cool
blues-jail with (ilen playing organ
and Newman on sax. and quickly
builds into a brassy bliics number.

1) and (iarc also well-capable
ol doing softer songs. making wise
use oi their available resources-
ilieir writing. their playing and
singingarid also their session men.
David Newman does some
I‘lL‘tiIIIIIIlI tenor sax solos on “Cold
November" and “I Don‘t Want to
Hear It." the latter probably the
riiost touching song on the album.
“lucky Buy (Your Ramblin' Days
Are through) is a good-natured.
soil-smile song with a happy laid-
back arrangement and some
delighiiul country iolk harmonica
playing. All three songs are out-
standing and are representative of
I) and Us iine musical sensitivity.

the back-tip musicians a re to be
commended [or their contributions
to tire album. Iwo men stand out
in particular. David Newinanand
iris tenor sax coloring greatly adds
to tire appeal of the albummuch in
ilic way that King ('urirs used to
add dimension as a guest session
man. Also. loriimy Spurlock's
\crsaiility on steel pedal guitar and
dobro is important to the cross sec
iioiial naturc oi ilic album as we
.is being cnioyablc in its ow nright.

Any weaknesses oi Sir/uni to
Hunter are undoubtedly otri
weight-d by ilic sticrigtlis it hits to
ollcr lii.ill scriscs. lI isticrillcciion
til I) and (i's bi'antl ol content—
poitiiy music. and cnyoyahlc mi.\-
iiirc oi the rnlluenccs on sortie
pit-tailing sounds. I men to the
album y on would be doiitg y otri'scll
.rn iiiiirsiicc to miss such a
pleasurable cxpcr tcnce

 

 

0

Incl Immediately:

34-01 Moll Ave.

EXCEPTIONAL OPPORTUNITY

to work it\ it unique summer sleopnwuy program loromollonally dlaturb-
d and mentally retarded chlldron and adolescents. Sponsored by
Mntmontdeii Institute. the oldest lending organization under Jewish
Idontial treatment cenlora. day treat-
lor special children. interviews begin
in December for summer 1974. For lniormtiilon and applications can-

auspleesconducling schools. roe
trienl centers and summer camps

Mainionldus Summer Residential Program

Far Rocknway. N.V. 11691
212 331-6500 or 212 411-0i00

 

 

 

ALBANY S'I'Ul)liN'I‘ PRESS

 
 
  
 
 
 
 

HILTON MUSIC
UNLIMITED

NORTHWAY MALL, COLONIE
PYRAMID MALL, SARATOGA
Iii-37d STREET, TROY

 

Carrying a complete

line of:
GUITARS f
DRUMS I
PA' 5 ST EREOS
8‘ ACC.

AMPS
RENTALS AND LESSONS
AVAILABLE

 

 

 

 

HILTON‘S HAS IT
eta

 

 

PAGE NINE

ire-«Nomi .* :An'tthid n-ﬁti.s~ ’

 

 

