 

 
  

 
 

      
     
       
         
     
      
   
    
   
     
    
 
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Teacher Awards: A Failure

Following Is an open letter wrltten
to the members of the Teachers Award
Commlttee.

The author Is a Professor of Engilsh
Educatlon.

by Morris Finder

I'm responding to your request for
suggestions about awarding prizes to out-
standing teachers. Briefly my response is
that the contest is unfeasible and at odds
with its purpose. Therefore Isuggest that
your committee and its funds may en-
courage good teaching by other means,
and that the contest therefore be stopp-
ed.

To justify this position I shall explain
why the current plan is unfeasible and
connot therefore be considered profess-
ionally serious; and then 1 shall suggest
what I would call a feasible task for the
desirable end which your committee
seeks. The explanation that follows is
based on the assumption that, however
you say it, the committee takes opinion
to be the criterion for judging teaching.
However that may be, 1 shall explain why
valid means of judgement are unfeasible
given the limited resources available to
the committee.

*11‘

On this issue, a brief discussion requires
a brutal frankness. At the outset, there
fore, I must acknowledge unequivocally
the difference between bad procedures,
on the one hand, and on the other, the
good intentions and the integrity of all
concerned with these contests. To en-
courage and judge good teaching, how-
ever, something is required in addition to
integrity and good intentions.

This something is the relationship bet-
ween teaching and its aim. It is a truism
that the aim of teaching is the learning of
students. The primary and ultimate crit‘
erion for judging a teacher, therefore, is
not what students say about a4 teacher but
rather, what students how: indeed learned
from him. EValuations of teaching, there-
fore, are legitimate to the extent that
they determine a relationship between
what is taught and what is learned.

At this point it is instructive to review
last year's contest. To put it bluntly, last
year $4,000 in prize money was awarded
for what was deemed outstanding teach-
ing. Yet an inquiry shows that the assess-
ment did not include real evidence on
whether the students involved had learn-
ed anything, let alone whether they had
learned anything worth learning,

This failure to judge teaching by its
primary valid criterion is itself intolcr~
abh- In a university center in which some
faculty taki: teaching and its evaluation as
primary problems of Study, this failure is
inexcusable, and, in my opinion. must
not be repeated.

It Will st‘th‘ no turn to miiinliiin that
“thorn.- Will always be substantial iIlHiIﬂrl'l”
mum on the validity of whatever criterion
for selection is cmploycd." As suggested,
any rational person knows what the
proper primary criterion is. The assertion
that people disagree on a criterion is
merely an observation of human Iii-gavror

This observation is not at all ii matter of

L'VilIlJillth: theory and Llivri-tori- should

have no bearing on evaluative procedures.

As you know. the folklore of univer-
sities includes time-honored devices by
which evaluators of teaching disregard the
valid criterion. The most prominent
device is the use of pretentious terms as
substitutes for what is only opinion. In
this view, opinionnaires for students to
ﬁll are given the misleading and high-
flown term “student evaluation form."
Similarly, an opinion of a faculty member
is called “faculty judgement."

A less prominent aspect of this folklore
is the attempt to give an aura of respect-
ability to dubious procedures of eval-
uation by relating these somehow with
the American Association of University
Professors, the Carnegie Corporation, or
with similar organizations deemed pres-
tigious. Thus, the Carnegie Corporation
becomes a legitimatizing agent.

If one reads any reasoned research and
arguments on the evaluation of teaching,
he will see that inevitably this literature
must and does refer ultimately to the
learning of students. This literature will
show, too, that the typical primary rele
iance upon opinionnaires and opinions
are actually acts of desperation brought
on by the failure of both teachers and
their evaluators to clarify just what a unit
of teaching seeks to accomplish. Reason-
able minds arc repelled by the underlying
lack of logic, which goes something like
this: We don’t know the ends that teach-
ers seek; we must therefore judge the
means even though we don‘t know the
ends; although it is impossible to judge
means without ends, we have to do
something, however irrational.

Opinion, however, does hava its place.
But whatever its place, it must always be
subordinate to the only valid criterion
that justifies the existence of teachers,
teaching, and the teaching function of
universities.

There is a third device by which univer-
sities attempt to judge teaching by ignor-
ing its aims: the citing of research show-
ing correlations betwoen whatever may be
defined as good teaching and opinions of
students; such research is then said to
justify the procedure of judging teaching
by eliciting opinions about it.

However sound such research may be,
the procedure, nonetheless, defeats the
purpose of evaluation and of rewarding
good teaching, The real purpose of eval-
uation and rewards based on it is to
improve teaching. Therefore the process
of evaluation shOUId put the attention of
the teacher on what his students are to
learn and how his students may most
feasibly acquire the learning. No opiiiion-
niiirc, however ingenious, can get at tIll'st'
matters. As Dewey would say it, to
evaluate and reward thc Il‘i’ll'llt'l’ on
opinions about his teaching puts thi-
teacher's attention in thc wrong place and
tends to fix it in the wrong direction. Not
wrong absolutely but clearly wrong if
teachers are to be encouraged to (total,
first lliiiigs first.

In prllK‘IpIt' it is possililc for il univorsily
community to take Ht'rlilllhly lIll' judgi-
Illt‘lltﬁ of a teaching awards cominitli-i- In
practice, howr-vor, the efforts are llllIlIU'IV

___________r
Maui and PQW's

 

contlnued from page In

water for his headache instead of remov-
ing the offending tree limb from his head.
However, treating the cause rather than
the symptom may be more pianful to the
administration in this case. One reason
for high priced meat. for instance, is high
priced grain used to feed the cattle. Could
the President's sale of grain to hls com-
rades over at the Kremlin have something
to do with this? And what about restric-
tive union regulations which forbid
cheaper non-union labor from doing the
jobs that union members do, such as
simply unloading the meat from trucks?
The Secretary of Agriculture correctly
pointed out that various absurd union
practices do little to keep the price of
meat down. But you cannot expect the
President, who now has a union man in
his cabinet, to bring out these points lest
he perturb the likes of Meany and the
other union bosses, all of who control
vast sums of money used for political
campaigns.

It seems government intervention in
what should be the free and open market-
place has gotten to be a persisting habiy.
Let us summarize some of the past
government measures which helped to
jack up the price of meat: 1) import
quotas which diminished the supply of
meat, 2) selling of grain to the Soviet
Union and other countries thereby raising
the price of feed in this country, 3)
wasteful, expensive and inefﬁcient union
practices which would not have occurred
without past government laws giving
unions coercive powers over management,

and 4) the expansion of the money
supply by the Federal Reserve Board,
thereby making the dollar worth less and
contributing to the overall inflationary
trend. Other factors, such as weather, are
admittedly, so far, beyond govornment
control, but it is seen that the heavy hand
of government interfering with the pro-
cess of free trade has been a significant
factor in the climbing meat prices. The
solution of course is not for more inter-
ference from Washington, but less.
I! i: is

And turning to some more recent items,
the news of the mistreatment and torture
of our prisoners of war by their Commu-
nist captors is shocking. It is only to be
hoped that this news kills once and for all
the multi-million dollar aid programs the
Administration envisions for North Viet-
nam. Instead, give the money back to the
people from where it originated so we can
better solve some of our own problems.
And let us condemn all brutality against
war prisoners, whether committed by
North or South Vietnam or any other
nation that fails to respect the value of
human life.

The subject of aid to the North brings
up another inconsistency. What sense
does it make to still be opposed to
amnesty for draft evaders while at the
same time offering aid to North Vietnam?
Who is being more unpatriotic, the man
who flees the country to avoid participa-
ting in an ill-conceived war, or the man
who offers material aid to the country
with which we were at war and which still
is waging war in Indochina?

i t 4‘

 

 

to render respectable results. To do so,
the community must be satisfied that the
committee has properly determined the
answers to such questions as these:

i ) Are all eight hundred teachers being
considered?

2) Are the modest ones being penalized
for their modesty?

3) In lively empirical ﬁelds the content
is in a continual state of change. Teaching
is complicated and so a polished pedagog-
ical performance results, typically, from
continued practice of teaching the same
or similar content. Doesn't it follow,
therefore, that pedagogical contests are
likely to encourage the status quo and to
discourage forward movement?

4) How does the committee determine
for any subject the value of the learning
sought?

5) How does the committee determine
the extent to which the students have
learned?

6) Suppose that for teacher W, the
students have learned something worth
learning but that the results of opinion-
naires suggest that the teacher is no good.
What is the judgement and why?

7) An opinionnaire reflects, necessarily,
some particular notion of what teaching
is supposed to be. Suppose that teacher
It's notions of teaching do not conform
to that one? Doesn't academic freedom
include the freedom to hold distinctive
views on teaching as well as distinctive
views on criticism, biology, or history?

Isn't some coercion involved in the use of
a particular opiiiioiiniiirc or other i-valua-
tiVi; (loVici-‘f

b) Iii-caust- iiiisWi-rs to t|ut‘si.|()|ls l to 7
are involved in responsible evaluation and

 

 

3 first ﬁvgek
1-ny NWYwVK

 

  
  
  
 

us'foﬂ

these shﬂe:
and more...

6

«adds

alt '25 awoo
catt 27318“

feather shoPPe

 

 

 

I‘ACli .‘lIX'I'l‘lIill

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

i___SE_ll§lI_—Et_ll_§
Ii Spring Election Meeting

Discuss New Constitution

Next Years Activities

If you are interested in
the club Please Attend

Wednesday, May 2

8:30 PM LC 14 

.—.——_———___——____——.————_——_—.__-n

an awards committee has neither the time
nor the staff to find the answers, how can
anyone take the judgements of the
committee seriously?

9) If the university community takes
teaching seriously, then how can it sup-
port the committee’s current efforts?

*

These few questidn; and the preceding
discussion suggest that the committee‘s
effort can be Viewed as Well-meaning. In
execution, howeVer, its effort can result
only in a pathetic and shabby exped-
iency, unworthy of the time of its mem-
bers and of a serious institution. Further,
I should suppose that members of a
university ought to be exposing dubious
ideas and practices and not, certainly,
accepting them uncritically. Therefore, I
should suppose, the time and efforts of
the committee may well he spent in the
more feasible but modest enterprise of
encouraging good teaching by such means
as identifying unfamiliar but promising
pedagogical plans and allocating the funds
to give some support to these plans.

I close with another suggestion that
may be less costly but probably more
helpful in furthering the cause: Raise a
little consciousness among the students.
To start, the committee may plant this
idea: as an indcspcnszible minimum, a
student's rights in II class include it state-
ment of just what he is supposed to learn
and why, a justification of the work he is
to do, and the tests he is to take, The
goals of the course would he the bases of
this justification. Such clarification, [
submit, will do more to improve teaching
throughout the iinivr-rsily than any
number of pedagogical contest

And

funded by Student tax

  
  

,4:

FRIDAY, APRIL 27,1973

  
  
  
   
  
   

 

  

  
   
     
         
      
     
         
 

 

 

State Quad Association presents a  v I} a y- 

STATE QUAD
2 to 2 DAY

outside in the middle of the quad

20 KEGS OF BEER continuous flow from 2 to 2 '
2:00-6:00 MUSIC BY SAUCE ‘
STEAMED CLAMS
FREE TOYS will be given outwith

State Quad Card- limited

number ‘,first come-first serve,

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

frisbees, paddleballs, kites, glider

 

 

 

 

 

 

planes Er lots of bubbles

WATERMELON EATING CONTEST
RELAY RACES

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
   
  
    
   

PICNIC STYLE DINNER

in the dining room with the cooperation of Food Service

6:15-9:00   featuring

Roger and Izzy
Alan Balaran

   

      
 

   

Jake Cimino
ice cream cones served on the quad
courtesy of Food Service

PARTY

outside, weather permitting,
if not in the Flag Room
Continuous Music

9:00-2:00 am

  
 
    
     

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE SEVENTEEN

     

FRIDAY, APRIL 27, I973

 

 

 
 

