 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By Roy Harkow

Ilarry "llotdog" Weiirer, an lzrighsh
teacher. was recently denied tenure. and
Will be fired after this sentester The
recently engaged ex-Associate 'l'echnical
laditor lot the Albany Student Press laces
an unemployed and liliLUfliilll luture at
the close of this term

Weiiier, who has been strident teaching
Lriglish at liarrisworth Middle School in
(iutlderlaiid, New York. is facing immi-
neril dismissal. To discover reasons for
this outrage, one rntist ieView Weirier's
startling past,

The yourtg teacher's career With the
ASI’ was nothing short of Incendiary,
before joining the Tech Stall. lie was it
star reporter, While other reporters were
sllll praising the utopia which they per»
ceived Albany State to be. Werner was
digging deep and unearthing the many
evrls which plague this university. cul-
minating In a biting expose entitled Hair
on Carri/iris. At this lrnie lie was unjustly
branded a radical, and the administration
started niarshalling its lorces

In a barrage of unsubstantiated slander
and propoganda, word got around that
Werner was unpublished and unlearnetl
In answer to the charge lliat he never
wrote a thing, Witnesses maintain that lat"!
year alone Werner wrote 4 English term
papers and two take home finals... not to
mention the journals he painstakingly

copied lroin other s

Too, it has been pointed out that he is
intellectually deficient. ltrivtiig never
taken t'haucei. Milton, or Shakespeare's
tragedies Well. maybe so. but let it not
he said lliat Weirier has not taken New
laugland Literary and Social Record. ()r
Contemporary American Novel. A loss in
one area is remedied by expertise in
another. Weiiier just won't let his know-
ledge he sitlled by what high-collar aca~
deniia consider to be intellectual criteria.
It is intellectual arson, and anyone who
states that becatrse he has never read any
classics. Werner is unqualified to teach
lith grade l:riglrsli, is out of toticlr wrtli
modern day educational reality.

The protests of his students. who con:
sider liiiti to be the best student teacher
they have ever had, have fallen on deaf
ears Alter this terrii, Werner Will be
wrthout a job at l-arnswortli Ms. Julie
Rosado, ('liiel spokeswoman for the Help
A llotdog (llAll) coriitnittee. and
Weiner's liarice, said ill an intervrew yes-
terday, "('an we, as intelligent litiitiari
beings wrtli consciences, let another line
teacher lull by the wayside‘.’ No, we
cannot. (in lo the ASP office, (13.520,
and sign the petition to Help A lloidog.
Only through your support cart we hope
to keep Werner With us, and grant him the
tenure he so justly deserves.“

“What ASP?"

Louis Barren!

 

Playing with Fire

As we go to press, a fire is raging in Herkimer Hall.

Fires are very destructive by nature. Buildings have been known to suffer
much damage as a result of combustion, but the damage does not stop

there. When any building is destroyed by flames,

its contents will not

remain unchanged, either. If a given object inside a burning building does
not catch fire itself, the heat will render it unusable. An Allmari Brothers
album will undergo some amount of warping if exposed to 1000 degrees
heat. And the popular expression goes, “if the fire doesn't get you the
smoke will" or in other words, smoke deposits on freshly laundered

wardrobe will often necessitate a second washing.

Another aspect to the damage wrought by fires is water. Many
homeowners, assessing the damage after a lirc. have caught cold by wading

ankle deep in the fircnieri’s water.

There have been more than a few instances of personal damage directly

attributable to fire since 1950.

Thus, the Albany Student Press feels that the disadvantages outweigh i’llt‘
advantages, arid that the fire in Hcrkiiiicr Hall should be extinguished with

all deliberate speed, if not sooner.

0 Temporal O Mares!

There has been too much talk about the circuits which run round in

circles while the more responsible members of tlieISUNYA Community-—

both faculty and students alike (as much as possible)-- sit, do nothing and

generally demonstrate the iiieffcctuality ofdelibcrate and rational thinking

in a situation which calls for rash and irresponsible action. Immediately.

Nevertheless, this is no time for harsh judgments. Hang [llL' scoundrcls

instead. Give tltem a air trial and hang them. Say Halleluah.

Let‘s riot settle for second best when we cart have our cake and cheat it

too. Say liallcluali.

Never let it be said that we hung back while new moose padded over the

lens, and the moon signaled a pacan to the brave thoughts harbored in even

the nieckcst hearts. Until the tintciiurcd. untried and untrue members of

our community unite in a solid front against aggresive compression, will the

pistons of perniscious phascists stop pumping like bobbing elephant trunks.

It is not too late.

But it will be too late soon (any minute now). but if we litirry we can

make the last bus. There is no time like the present: catch if you can. Never
.

be silent while an errant thought. howcvcr wishful. begs expression. Sing

lewd, cuckoo.

Spring is here, and with i , .llltilllt‘l year straps round It] place. All [llL'

pieces begin to fit together. and young minds begin to utidcistaiid. At last.

Free the Fools

A famous man once said.“lt is difficult to free fools from the chains they
revere.“ Here we are, at the first of April. and every fool has his day.
Nothing btit 'l‘inic itself will unchain us from that, unless a rent a car rnrin
becomes president. One solution would be to move leap day from February
2‘) to April 1. That would rid us of almost 'ZSUH()I>||]I(1||)l§ to honor fools,
The change would gather great support by sexual egalitarians who would
say that to allow proposals (of iiiarriage,, l .issuiiielou one day every four

years would not be very ctpial.

This proposal would meet with great opposition by the fools. 'I'hcv wotrld
loriii coalition, and sonic actor would probably rcltisc art (but over it. 'l'lirs
shows ltow causes are relative to the oppressed you have to be a fool to

feel its oprcssioii.

Thus, it seems, that fools must be tolerated, at least, You niav not want
your daughter to marry one, but today is April I; take one to llllltll.

’-

 

 

 

byhlan "Whale" Lichtenstein

It was disclosed yesterday by
Jack Lcahy, star cntcher for the
S.U.N.Y.A. baseball club, that
he and rice pitcher Nick Ascien-
20 had tradcd girlfriends this
past week. The pair had been
close friends but this develop-
ment casts a shadow on the
Dane's upcoming season. If there
are bad feelings from this inci-
dent a winning season could be
in jeopardy, If the Danes do
have a losing season it would
mark the first time iii 17 seasons
that a Dane baseball team fell
under the .500 mark. Couch
Burly Bob Burlingamc is hope-
ful, however, that the 2 players
will still be able to work to-
gather.

Ascienzo, the ace of thl‘
S,U.N.Y.A. staff since W70, and
Leahy, a talented catcher and
bitter, are both valuable Albany
State property. It. has been
rumored around Colonial Quad
that Ascicnzd is headed for
S.U.N.Y. at Binghamton in ex-
change for 2 English professors
and a maintenance man to be
named later. The snag seems to
be centered around the main‘
tenancc man. Albany State
wants ti man who can work
weekends and Binghamton is re-
luctrint to part with such valu-
able property.

Louis T. Benezet, President of
S.U.N.Y.A., 'has considered cari-
celling the schedule for the learn
hrrt has yielded to the Wis-hes of
other players. One player who
was reluctant. to give his name
said, “They've had their fun and
we want to play ball too." varl»
less to say, the player hasn't
caught any fast ones lately!

Dick Young of the Daily .\'L'\t'.\',
in an article to be published later
today, has stated that Nick the
Greek has moved the odds hack
for Albany State to win the
College World Series. Before the
girlfriend swapping incident was
disclosed Albany had been
picked as 100,000 to 1 shots to
win the coveted crown. Now
Young reporls that Albany's“
chances are virtually nil and that
the season is lost,

Leahy was reluctant to disclose
the details of the switch but
reliable sources say that the
switch took place in the A.P.A.
section late one Saturday night.
while the two couples were play-
ing lounge football. It seems that.
Lcahy trickled Ascienzo's girl-
friean too hard and a fight en-
sur-d with the girls siding against
their own boyfriends. When the
dust cleared the trade was made.
Ascicnlo got Leahy's girlfriend
for his girlfriend and 2 seasons
tickets to Ebbcts Field. Lcahy,
un upstate resident, thought that
he had pulled off a great. deal
but was angered when he was
told by frat brother Fritz Kekich
that Ebbcts Field had been
ripped down in runs. 'I‘o com-
plicate Lciihy's situation it has
been learned that his new girl-
friend is considering not report.-
iiig to lit-aliy.

Many fans are wondering what
the result of the trade will be.
President Nixon phoned Coach
Blrrliiigiimt- to offer some advice.
It is reported that Nixon has
asked Burlingamr' to join his
newly organized team as Vice-
President and manager. The
team will play its home games in
Bicn Hoa, Viet Nam and will be
known as the Bien lloa
Bombers. Nixon is said to have
offered Burlingamc 2i 5 year,
$50,000 per year contract plus a
guarantee that his office will
not be bugged.

N.(‘.A.A. Baseball Commis-
sioner Boowie Cute has cori-
rlemned Ascienzo and Lt-ahy
calling them immoral and irre~
sponsiblc, Cute, a former pimp
in New York Cily, plans stiff
fines for thr- 2 players. His
action has enraged Player Asso~
elation President Mcrwrn Mucus
who plans to file a complaint
With the National Labor Ruler
lions Board. Mtit'as ran down to
(.‘ulv's officr- directly after
(Juli-'5
clogng (‘ulc's passageways out
of the office.

The problem has yet to be
soth-(l lint it is generally con-
ceded that one of the two play-
crs will be dealt off, Who it will
be, no one is sure yet.

ill]li()llll('('lll(‘lll ilnd

 

 

Underwriiir is optional,

Snor’rs Shifts

The Department. of Physical Education is presently looking for a
new P.A. Announcer for its basketball games. One of the announ‘
Cers, Bill Heller, was found guilty by an Albany County court of
being it “Wise-guy" It seems that his requests for the fans to quiet
down during an opposing players‘ free-throw attempt were met with
hilarity. Equally humorous was his resounding (and obnoxious)
“two-00 minult-s " lleller fact-s the possible sentence of a year in
prison and his tongue being cut out

stow

Along Intramural Atlili-tic lllH‘S, llic softball ll‘llm “It Rceks" is
favored to finish last in League lll competition The team, made up
of the sini-llit-sl people in IVIl‘lVIll("SI('llilnl'lZ hopes they can smell
away the opposition Vir'k Itay, ont- of the top umpires in the
A.M.I.A., has refused to umpire their games He says, “They are a
health hazard. They should be (‘Iiti(lt‘lt'llit‘tl by the Board of Health."
Meanwhile, the A.M.I.A. Council is llin‘SllgzllllltJ, the matter.

Anyone interested in joining “ll Rocks," may contact Jay
"Stiitko" (J‘olrlstein. Prosper-ts must shower no more than oriCc a
month, and not change their socks but once every two weeks.

 

-0'Fi Ii

lack Leahy, star catcher, involved in “woman-swap" with teammate.

Albany Captures
NCAR TournamentL

hy Lefty O‘Fish

After three long years of wriil~
ing, frustration, sex perversion,
and other aches- and pains, the
Albany State basketball team
received a post-season tourna-
ment bid. The Danes were in«
viled to the prestigious NCAR
Tourney, the National Collegiate
Also-Rims which was held in
Walla Walla,Washington

The tournament included such
teams of rckriown as (Tucka-
mongii University (the host
team), University of the Alamo,
and the Philadelphia 760m. The
latter has been having much dif-
ﬁculty making it in the pros this
year, and decided to give it a go
in the college ranks.

Opinions varied among the
members of the basketball team.
When asked about the bid,
Coach Dickcry Dock Sourpuss
replied, “I couldn't be happier. I
just low being an also-ran." Cap-
tain and star guard John Quadril
lateral said, “Gee whiz and
leapin' lizards." Finally, when
thr- Dancs' lop leaper Bye-Bye
Milltown was asked his thoughts,
he blurted, “What, me worry?"

Getting by the 76ers. who still

provt-rl they couldn't win, even
in college, the Danes carried the
right to play the Alamo who
massacred the Cuckamongri team
behind the superb shooting of
guard Davey (‘rot-kctt. Albany
State also hrid lo contend with
tough center Sam Houston, and
the notorious forward Santa Ana
who transferred from Guadala-
jara Univursity.

The first half of the champion-
ship game was marred by erratic
if not spastic play by the Danes.
ByuBye, who won the opening
tap, couldn't do anything right
while collecting four fouls. It
looked like an early bye-bye for
Byte-Bye. Boob CtirLsy on the
other hand, looked like a basket.-
ball player let out of ii mental
institution. All he did was run
around and yell, “Irook at me,
look at me, I'm a basketball
player." The biggest disappoint-

lnt was Quadrillatcral. 'I‘brill-
ing the. fans with his twisting
lay-ups and Oscar-award winning
fall-downs all year long, ht-
played as if he was still hung~
over from a rough night at
O'Ileariy's.

'l‘hc lockerrriom scene was one
of astonishment. Sourpuss seeing
his team down 3019 at the half?

let his team have it. “That
Alamo team out there was ter-
rible. They couldn't dribble,
they couldn't shoot. They were
the most God-awful team I've
ever seen. And do you know
what? You're worsell”

Fired up by this certainly in-
spirational speech, the Danes
showed why they were the East's
lop also-ran. Bob “Mad
Bomber" Horsey, who during
the first half was bothered by
Crockett's Coonskiri cap (“It
tit-pied"), suddenly let fly from
distances from lit) to 50 feet
which kept the packed house of
twenty six fans in awe,

The biggest surprise came from
the reserves, Little-used bench
warmers Dennis “The Menace"
Merry, Jerry Halfwit, Feltup
High, and llairy Johnstown,
came to the rescue, Halfwil
scored 21 points in the second
half to spark the comeback.
However, Johnstown was the
key. Using crisp, smart passing,
and his keen basketball mind, he
paced the team with ten assists.
Merry played superb defense,
constantly pounding the boards
and Sam Houston in the groin.
The fine playing led to a siupify-
ing 72-63 Albany State win.

 

 

 

 

 

 

(.‘anirriurri'rutiorir are limited to either side of500 words and
may or may not be subject to the discretion ofthe Editorial
Page Editor, subject to the discretion ofthc Editorial “OWL
The next KICK‘fN'IIH‘v'iSP will be published about it year form

now, so be prepared.

\
r

K

Edlmr-in-in
udrv atrlc
Maw: Editor
bunk u. nlII
Srna Nudu Editor:
nilridy b()0 luslot davts
eat “the rack" early 4W2"?! Maniac
f U U
Our—o! Town Ed/rar Min.” Maniac
linda despot
Busy Man.
phrl pockets
lent! fill-limit
Mk Tick/u Editor
larnont mansion

Associate Ersutl
saltwater bill

Danish Editor
liitiisrid iiiaptjol

Associate Dana

Prove": Editor

Ifull-Ofvlllll-loss

Eat It 0/ El:- le
cuq nu vln iimtlu

Emit Editor [wry "um."
andv rmndv “the beaver

 

the "bombed blondsholl"

So she ate Neck Tick/ms
rand llli nally
ilhl'rlf I'lliny

WUIIHH

Make Adder:
tlubliui hilt
‘,llL'|lrl WlltJlll
HrHV Hisllﬁhllldflﬂllt)”

Gets/fiat] Ads
|. more gariuk

Gralaety
puss Sibley

Circular/on Man.
who wouldn't

Exact Change

mark hicolsky

Porno Servant:
cola slawsky
'6 lrnzenberu

 

 

 

 

‘J';

‘ .»_, .way,’

"owned on by student in

WANTED:

big numbers.

WSUA Radio is looking for a listener.
Must know something about Radios and
It you are interested call
457-5808 and ask for Eric or Dave.

your name and phone number. A first class

Leave

 

 

48 Day

CHICKEN-WEIGHSr

Dance Marathon
WIN CASH PRIZES!

$50 entrance fee per couple

3 day sessions-l 0 minute breaks.
partners must be of the some sex
The management is not liable for death or sickness.
,In case of death the entrance fee will be refunded.
Get your tickets while they last!

 

 

APRIL ONE

FCC License is suggested but not required. i

 

APRIL FOOL'S PRESS

LuDVB-l‘ In I!“
'T'II'DI WU DA”.

 

 

 

