 

Nothing to Speak 0f

To the Editor:

As a member of the Language and
Culture class (Anthropology 324) it has
come to my attention that our professor,
Dr. Helen Ullrich, has lost her battle for
tenure.

I was shocked because I believe that she
is a fine scholar and teacher, encouraging
her students to do independent research
and to use the material provided in the
course as creatively as they can. The
problem does not stop there.

Dr. Ullrich's dismissal will leave the
Department of Anthropology without an
Anthropologically oriented linguist. As
anyone who has any contact with
Anthropology will know, that will be
leaving Anthropology students with an
academically poorer dep rtment as Dr.
Ulltrich full time linguist in the

e mrtment. A linguist will replace Dr.

5'3 Ullrich, but one whose background is not

in the field of Antrhopology. 80 future
and current Anthropology students
beware...next year yourdepartment will
be seriously weakened.

The Antrhopology department, it seems
is not really to blame, as they supported
her case for tenure, as did her students
, and the University Council. Melvin Bers
(Assoc. Dean of Arts and Science), how-
ever, has turned her down. It is
interesting that he gave no reason, which
I believe is something he owes the
Anthro. students and faculty. It is also
' interesting that there has never been a
tenured woman professor in this depart-
ment. Dr. Ullrich's firing now becomes
part of a trend, a trend that violates the
Affirmative Action Plan.

It is about time the Administration
stopped dragging its feet about the Afﬁr-
mative Action Plan and started desegre-
gating this University!

Janice Pinchot
I

r t
“I have a mouth

and I must scream”

To the Editor:

, I have the desire to scream. I have the
'desire to scream at my peers at this
university who lack the will and the
motivation to demand that superior
teachers who are genuinely interested in
{students remain at this institution.
:_ Sunday night there was a mass meeting to
If discuss the issue of promotion and
tenure. The appearance of thirty<five
people out of a student population of
ﬁfteen thousand does not constitute a
mass meeting. Where were you all? I
realiZe that this is the end of the semester
and that your ﬁrst concern should be
directed toward your academic pursuits.
Howevar, I did not notice a lack of
people In attendance at the beer parties
and movies that abounded on this campus
during the duration of the weekend. If
: you have the time to devote to entertain-
;ment you should have the time to take an
interest in the preservation of your
.superior teachers If you do not care ab
out your education what are you doing
spending four years of your life attending
a university?

7 I did not expect people who are not
directly involved with the professors
whose tenure is in question to attend this
meeting. David Goodman teaches about
five hundred people. At the lowest esti-
mate I am sure that at least three hundred
of these studctns are in favor of seeing
Dr. Goodman’s presence on this campus
again next semester. I am an English
major who has never heard a bad thing
said about the teaching ab ility of Curt
Smith. Where were all of Dr. Goodman’s
students and where were all of the people
who how: such good things to say about
Dr. Smith? Dr. Goodman and Dr. Smith
are the only teachers that l havu who face
dismissal from this university. Where were
the students who support the other pro
fessors at this university who are having
tenure problems? Knowing the value
system of Albany State's students they
were probably contemplating the angle of
. elevation of their respective frisbees.

Curt Smith once taught me about a
fecience fiction character who does not
/have the ability to scream because he
édoes not possess a mouth. I do not know

 

 

Letters to!“ the Editor:

of anyone on this campus who is
suffering from the same problem as this
character. I have a mouth and I am using
it to scream to you to motivate your-
selves to the cause of the preservation of
this school's superior instructors. If you
the student population choose to shut
your mouths in apathy instead of
screaming out in favor of these people,
then maybe you do not deserVe to benefit
from their talent for teaching.

Marleen S. Barr

Torch Fizz/es

To the Editor:

Again I was disappointed by this year's
TORCH. I thought for sure John Chow
and his staff would make a book that
represented the school and the various‘
groups and organizations that make
Albany State worthwhile. As I paged
through the book, I wondered where the
52 student association clubs were, the
fraternities and sororities, the members of
student government who labor all year to
provide for things such as TORCH. I
looked through the sport pages and saw
candid shots of all our varsity teams. I
couldn’t recognize any football players
through their helmets. I noticed that no
mention was given to any AMIA winners 3
at all. '

My friends have played on Varsity teams
for years now and their faces have never
been recognized by TORCH yet. I was
astounded to 3 pages wasted on one.
fraternity’s stripper where those pages;
could've been given to many Greek organ-
izations. Besides all this I care not to be
reminded about past historic faces or
events in my college yearbook. If I care
to see these faces I can go to the library
when I'm old and grey and get out
miCrofilm.

I thought to myself that this yearbook
typiﬁes the students who absolutely
doesn't get involved in the university. It
gives the impression that the majority of
Albany students go to the podium at day,
library at night and do nothing in-
between.

So as I was strolling around the podium
lately, I watched for people who I sus- I.
pected of being “uninvolved” in the
school. I talked to some and got the}
impression that they couldn't care lessl
about the book after they thumbcd
through. I then approached people who I
knew Were involvsd cxtra-curricularly.
’I'heir opinion was they were slighted.

With all this in mind, 1 met John Chow 
when I bought my book. I had a long rap 
and calmly expressed my point which 

was, where was the backbone of the
school in the book?" Without the stu-
dents that provide movies, dchrsion,
media, goVernment, clubs and sports we
would have nothing here. I basically
asked what happened

John then replied that he realized all

this but that he couldn't have gotten all ' E

the organizations on campus in one book. ‘
His whole premis was that it would be
better not to include any groups if he

couldn't include all. ch I just couldn‘t ;..

believa the logic. I said in my opinion it '

 

   

 

would be better to at least try to include
rather than to exclude. I suggested he
could've adVertised photographing dates
and all those groups showing up would bi.
used. 'I‘hat could‘Vc eliminated the
apathetic population.

All in all it was his basic premiss which
prompted me to write this letter. In my
opinion the students who don’t partici~
pate in the unwersity events won't care
about TORCH. 'I‘hose who have I'm sure ;.
would like u more corIVcntIonal edition. I 
don't care if my yearbook wins an art 5,.
prize for photography, I want it to 
represent
State can offer.

I‘m not advocating Ii sterile High School
type book but as I said to John, he has
enough ingenuity to combine the conven-
tional with the modern. I hope by writing
this that some readers will start thinking
about next year‘s ’I‘ORCII. Students who
put in their time here at Albany and
make this school a part of thcmsclVea
should not be robbed of the memoriur
and Credit they‘descrvc.

Howard Bernstein
O a i

  
 
  
  

this school as what Albany

 

 

 

 

Out of the Closet ,At Last

by Doug leComte

It is time to come out of the closet. It
would be very easy and painless to sit idly
by and watch the storm waves come and
go, going about business as usual, and not
venturing too far out into the deep lest
the ship capsize.

But some thing need explaining, as
much has been misunderstood.

I wrote a spoof some time ago which
lambasted a certain political group on
campus. It was not nuantu A
fun, though I enjoyed writing it and,
others I know, regardless of their own
political leanings, seemed to enjoy read-
ing it. If I hit hard it was because this
organization's own actions and rhetoric
warranted it.

My column elicited from this group an
extraordinarily malicious letter published
in the ASP. I would not dignify such
rubbish with a point by point rebuttal,
nor would I wish to waste time or ink
giving the group anymore free publicity -
it has too much already. Let it merely be
observed that the person who purported

 g

 

to represent this organization's viewpoint
via this dribble did not have the character
to sign his name. What sort of person
writes such anonymous hate letters? A
very small person. Very small indeed.

If you ask someone to diagram the
political scale he will probably put Com-
munism on the extreme left and Nazism
on the extreme right, with the middle a
kind of vague mixture of social demo~
cracy and republicanism or whatever.
Where are anarchists on this scale? What
about classical liberals and individualists
who abhor totalitarianism and statism of
the left or right? Where do they fit on
such a spectrum?

Of far more practical use would be a
spectrum indicating the relationship of
the individual to his government - a
spectrum that lumps Nazism (National
Socialism) off on the extreme left with
Communism where it belongs. Totalitar-
ianism, where individual liberty is mini-
mal, including Caesarism, Fascism, mili-

contlnued on next page

We Were Not Alone

by Mike McGuire

Ed. Note: Upon the occasion of his
leaving the school, the author would like
to say goodbye and a! the same time take
a look a! (he school through the eyes of
someone seeing it for the firs! lime.

Earrh, May 8 - In a historic visit to the
mysterious third planet of our solar sys-
tem, Plutonian explorers hch found that
there was once intelligent life on that
warm, verdant alien world. Oyez 37
astronauts thus confirm what astrono-
mers and scienc'rliction writers have been
telling us: if there is any life elsewhere in
the solar system, it would be on a planet
like Earth that did not have to rely on
internal heating systems left by visitors
billions of years ago. But here follows the
news, which capped off what world presi-
dent Nicknon called “the greatest day in
the history of the universe":

The explorers had the good fortune to
land in the ruins of a city called Albany,
which most anthropologists here believe
was the world capital of the doomed
planet. They first uncovered the remains
of a series of buildings, one of which was
identified by remains of signs as
“Legislative Ofﬁce Building". The buil-
dings thus seem to haw: something to do
with the world government, however,
they appeared to have been in an ad'

vanccd state of collapse when the carb-
lings met whatevever it was that did them
in. From there, the men journeyed
through what may haVc once been some
sort of housing, and knew they had found
the true world capital when they came
upon a huge expanse of once-beautiful
white concrete rising next to a fairly
ordinary group of “office buildings".

The capital was, of course, arranged
symmetrically like ours. There were l.’l
buildings in a central core, surrounded by
four more clusters of 9 buildings each.
Eight of the buildings in the cluster had
three floors, and there was also a tower in
each which had 21 floors (Enrthlings had
a strange preoccupation with odd
numbers, which may haVc been tied to
some of their equally strange religious
beliefs, which we will look at later).
There were also two other buildings
outside the central arch, also of three
floors.

The core building was the “nerve
center" of the planet earch. III one were
housed the robot administrators for the
planet, who must have looked handsome
in their polished metal cabinets and reels
of tape strung from one side to the other.

Above this complex were plush offices
apparently used by the human petty
bureaucrats who attuned to the day-

conllnuud on nest pouu

 

PAGE TEN

Wgﬁmwwern ,. W. .

WEDNESDAY, MAY 9, 1973

  
   

 

 

l

 

 

Out of the Closet
continued from precedan page
tar-y dictatorship, is on the extreme left.
Moving to the right on such a spectrum
the progression is towards lesser govern-
ment and greater individual liberty until
one comes to no - gOVernment anarchy on
the extreme right.

Keeping such a revised spectrum in
mind Is helpful in discerning the ambi-
guities and contradictions of modern day
conservatives and liberals.

It was the liberals in the 19th century,
such great minds as Herbert Spencer and
John Stuart Mill, who constantly warned
of the threat to individual liberty posed
by an everg'rowing government apparatus.
Somewhere along the line liberals came to
support individual liberty in a much
narrower sense, dropping the idea of
economic liberty along the wayside. In-
dividual liberty, of course, is practically
meaningless without the right to keep and
dispose of one's goods and products as
one pleases in a free market.

And. what about the conservatives?
They sometimes quite properly acknow-
ledge the threat of government to liberty,
yet we see conservatives such as William
Buckley gloating with glee at the pathetic
sight of Ralph Ginzberg being sent off to
serve a five year prison sentence for,
printing a sex magazine. Conservatives
wish the State to regulate morality, yet
they hypocritically harp on the dangers
of "big" gOVernment.

The left qUite properly abhors govern
ment laws that interfere with our privacy
by in effect invading our bedrooms, but
the left is silent when the government
regulates what an individual may buy and
sell.

The old right quite correctly condemns
those Communist regimes which have
practiced genocide and made their citi-
zens slaves of the State, yet these so
called supporters of freedom are strangi‘v
ly silent about the dictatorial regimes of
Greece and Spain.

The left screams at home when the right
to speak freely, assemble, vote, or protest
is threatened, yet sympathizcs with those
“people's republics" abroad where secret
police deal swiftly with anyone who (lill‘l‘s
eXercise such basic rights as these.

The point is that those who are on the
old right and the new or old left all seek
an unwarranted amount of goVi-rnmi-ni
intervention into the individual's life. The
political trend is toward Llll' left - toward
a more powerful government resulting in
less freedom for the individual.

In past columns I haVI- tried to point
out some of the erosions of liberty that
have taken place: the store kI-opI-rs who
are forced to close on Sundays hcrausc of
archaic her laws, laws that forbid ('lill‘
sensual sex, laws against gambling, l“l)A
regulations keeping life-savnig drug.» off
the market, rcgulations I'nm'i'rnmg whnl
Cars we drivv, what we son on lt‘ll‘Vlbllill,
which charities we must support, and on
and on ad nauscurn.

There is a movement, how
cVer, mostly active on College l'nmpust's,
which recognizes the hypocrisn-s and con
trudictions of the dogma L'mlll‘ili‘l‘ll by [in-
left and the old right.

Libertarianism, :i doctrnn- of individual
liberty, seems to encompass what is lwsl
from the new left and tlu‘ nlrl right 'l'ln-
key idea is lalssczrl‘airc. I may do (|\ l
plL‘asi' so long as I do not infringi- (Ill rum
right to (In as you please ery \Illilill‘
And certainly not in new l(ll';l but .In ul-ui
that seems to be going out of style, :is |I|
this country, as \Vl‘ll .Is nihi-is, 1hr Shill-
takes over more and more «if Illtlhi’
activttlcs Wlllt‘ll usi-il In bi- the pi-mgnlin-
of the indivnlual

WI.- need radical changes III Ammuui In
bring about lawn that recognize lh.Il mrli
person has a right to his his and llll'
broilucl of his labor So If you must ('illl
me names, you may if you iIIsIsl cull llll'
an lllfllVltIllilllht, Ii radical cupiialisl, pl'r
Imps own up Iagoisl, but please, «if all Ilu-
epithets you lIurl my way, do nut ('nll llll‘
a conservative.

' t r

WEDNESDAY, MAY 9. I973

 

 

The Making of the Budge

by Mitchell Zoler

For the past two months, an unbeliev-
able volume of the most pretentious
backstabhing, two-faced dealing and del-
icate negotiations have been taking place,
most of it occurring on the third floor of
the campus center. Most of it also occur
ring unbeknownst to 95% of the student
body, regardless of the fact that these
dealings involve approximately $500,000
comprising the net assets of Student
Assocaition. I am referring to the melo
dramatic saga of the budget for
1973-1974.

The story began three months ago on
some three dreary days in February. At
that time we students were confronted
with an opinion poll presented to us
courtesy of Central Council. If you think
back to the temper of those times,
Council was getting a lot of flak over the
distribution of funds to S.A. sponsored
activities, particularly over Concert
Board, which, at that point of the year,
had yet to produce a satisfying concert.

The outcome of this poll was an appar-
ent desire by the students to give much
more money to Concert Board, fund the
switch to WSUA-FM and in general sup
port activities such as movies, the ASP
and theatre. Cultural and academic
gnoups. speakers, periodicals and 'I‘orch
all came out as losers. With this in mind,
the budget committee began work on
submitted budget requests at the begin-

Not Alone

coutlnuud from preceding page

to‘day (It‘llllls of running a large planct.
'I‘hvy apparently had excellent internal
communications, for large conference
rooms were Wen more plentiful than the
offices Although only govvrnmcnt offi
cials were normally allowed inside the
core, workers (must Very young) were
sometimes allowed In inparticipati- In
strange religious rltcs.

Traces of the old religion were "video.
all ovur the capital. In the middle of the
core lies a reflecting pool presided over
by what is so far tlu‘ largi-st phallic
symbol l'Vt'l' found in the solar system.
Ifrom the fountain could also lll' sci-n
hemispherical domes on top (if some of
the buildings. 'I‘hi-si- rlomcs hall a
darkening lil‘llr the top and might huvu
l)l‘l'll maternity symbols. 'I'lu- fountain
(lrI-w hundrI-(Is of workers during the
Earth's l‘nlltl seasons“ Ullt't' there they
would llflllll‘l‘ in lhi- rcpivcnallng wait-rs,
pray lo Ihi- plinllus, and mun-limes throw
:I small (ll'at' in ('iii'll other III a highly
fllllilllrilli‘ «xi-i'I-isl- Ume l'nli'lllllg llu'
disc. Ilu-y would hold ll l'lliM‘ In llIi-n-
body li‘mllllg i-xpi-rts hero to bvln-vv II
was :i highly evolved
Many olhi-r forms of religious
riluals :Ilt‘ |lll‘lur('(l In the only book
\lll'VlVlllu partially
jlri'hl‘l't’l‘ll pll‘t't‘ (‘lllll'll "’I'uri'll I5I7.'i”

form of I‘I-prii

(luclmn

from that urn, .i

In from (if llll‘ l'ill‘l‘ were two lull lllllt‘h
surrouiulI-il by hl‘Vl‘l‘ill rounded stost
lllill'i'il :il ri-gulur Intervals Although ll
has liI-i-II suggI-slnll llllll illusi- wl'l'l‘ nlsI
symbols, lln-
spin-ins (in llu- lll|l

religious lll't‘ht'llt‘t‘ nl
slrziiigi-ly ('llll)l'(‘ll
Illllll'illl'lllill [hi-y Wl'l’l‘ lniiluslu'nlly I‘ll-l
('Il'lll ﬁzlllll'l'l'l'N for Hip solar i-Iu'i'gy illiil

Ian llll' ('.i|)|l.|l

‘l‘liv ll-u' Ill Ihr liw- sulnr i-in-igy l‘llllll
llilli‘tl llll' m‘unumlr llt'l'lI flii' vwn'li .I.» we
Itll‘l“ ll 'I‘liv I'llll‘l‘s, luiwuvi-I‘, Wl‘l‘t‘ wm-y
ul Iln' whim». of .. |Iil|llll.ll‘l' wIlli IiIillIIIIg
in ill! and llll'\ HM‘II Ulll‘ ul Iln» lwu
nII||\IiIg building» in I‘m-p Illl‘ Iiilllll‘l‘
Willlil'l\ Iil't’llllll'll Ilihllll‘ Wt'l’l' many \’i|l'l
l'llt'ﬁ |ll brutal m.in onli nun-IIIIn-s 'l‘lu~
lots Ii-gnril lln- iIIlIIIg I'lIli- hall for llu'
wuilu-rs war. \lllllA'll II) llu» l.n'l |lI;il Ilu'
wiiilwis Wl‘l't' only prin‘lzlcil Will) A huge
i-ummnii ('t‘hnlilﬂll uII llII‘ liiwi-sl low-I ml
the building in! Illl'll llllilll\’ wash-n A
large i'lui'li hung llll (‘m'll l‘llll ul llll’
i‘i'sspmil, il]!|)i|rl‘llll_\' In IIInki- Allll‘ lhal
the workers illdn‘l linger ill commit
suicide It Is ln-lu-vn lh.il anyone who
slayi-il lll lhv ill‘t‘ll Inorr lllnil lwo lllllllllt'h
was severely l)I‘iIlt‘ll

The other gri-lil probli-in lhu govern
ment bail was wIlh iigvd liuiciniu'rais who

ning of March.

The committee slashed through the
budgets a first, and then a second time,
cutting almost every group, totally elim-
inating others and making some fairly
outspoken (if not outrageous) sugges-
tions. Foremost amongst these was the
elimination of stipends (lump-sum pay-
ments of salary) to Various S.A. positions
(oh yes, didn't you know? S.A. president,
ASP editor, AMIA coordinator, WSUA
station manager to name a few all get
$500 a year for their services while
numerous other positions get some sort
of monetary compensation).

Adding fuel to the fires already being
stoked by Budget Committee was the
Allman Brothers concert controversy,
which tended to have an effect on the
$100,000 plus allocation Concert Board
had requested.

This mess was finally completed and
submitted to President Lampert who used
it as a guideline for issuing his own
proposal. His version carried along the
some themes of the Committee, namely
rc-shuffled groups (in an effort to achich
this year's golden by word-“Mass Pro-
graming," whatever that means) and
slashed budgets.

Lamperl’s budget was given to Central
Council, who, after pooring over it fora
few weeks, finally decided to attack it
last Tuesday, April 24. One must under

had served Well but could not carry out
their duties any longer. The other out-
lying buildings gavc them a place to go in
their old age. They could rest in con-
venient chairs or beds while waiting for
the end to come. If they wished. they
could read pamphlets (some of which
havr- been miraculously preserved)
warning of such age-old dangers as LSD
(considered a deadly disease by the older
carthlings) VD (believed to be a malevo-
lent spirit), and "athlete's foot" (meaning
unknown).

The only building that scemcd to have a
really spccilixed purpose is identified by a
rusty old sign saymg “Campus (Iciitt-r”.
Apparently, it was nade hastily bccuasc
the capital in no way resembles a cmpus
and the building isn't evvn near the
center. The building housed some com-
mon dining halls for the administrators
(communiility living a big thing on the
Iilli‘ grcal planet), as well as radio I'acili»
tics which flu-y probably used to plead
for lii'lp as the end drew near. Unfortu-
iIntI-ly for them, llwir equipment was
llrllillllVl', II ('nulrln't I'Vl‘ll reach all parLs
(if iln» capital, lcl along I’luto.

Another enigma is posed by the sign
saying "Joseph llcnry Physics building"
Although sulnl‘ microfilm found lll llll'
building mentions l-Jlnstvinian and
NI-wtnmun physics (apparently named
after two scientific geniuses), llenrian
physics wasn‘t mentioned. Perhaps
llcnriini physics lt‘fl to earth's (loom
shortly after Its lllVl‘lltlUll by the well»
meaning man, but that the building was
named when ll was still thought of a
welcome addition lo scionlifiv kliowlcd

A suggestion of how far Earth's science
could lIiIVL‘ goiw was found in the Campus
Center. vil to a labor savmg Illil('llllll‘ lIl
Illv kitchen area of the most elegant of
[IN dining halls wcrc lwo llllllllllh (hie
was marked "normal", and the nllu'r was
marked “limp Ilcluy" 'l'inw [raw-l In only
now i-Iimmg Wlllllll our rI-ncli, bul earth
llilll control HVI‘I llu- fiiurlh dimension

('(‘llllllll'h ugh

'l‘hw bureaucrats swim-(l to IIVI‘ in om-
Ill llnv Ioui outlying groups of buildings
In Iii-oping Willi lln- i-ipInhly lluil i-pilu
nil/.i-il llli' among lhc ruling l'lllhn, all
moms hmki-Il I‘Xlll'lly the some, as (llil .ill
Iln- llllllllill'l‘ l‘lvvmng Meals wvri- lulu-n
In Illill‘l‘ lnrgi- common (lining hulls, uni-
til whu'h t‘thll'II Ill t'lll'll group of res:
(Il'lll'l‘ buildings All voting was apparcnlly
donn- at of lllfﬂt‘ common bowls, many of
Wlllt'll lll‘t' hllll lll thi-Ir original [lllli't‘ on
large inlilch III the llllllllll' of cut-II dining
hall

'l‘hi-rc urt- l'ew hIIIti. us to what sort of
food Wllh eaten by this people of earth. by
IlIggmg deep into the basements (or what
lln- i-nrlbhngs calli-il “fallout shelters")

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

t, 7373-

 

stand that Council is composed of many
would-be politicians, each with his/her
own special cause which is championed in
the throes of debate. The floor is con-
stantly yielded to the group’s spokes-
person who then pleads a case that will
invariably split the council into time-
consuming debate.

The result was a marathon meeting that
produced few results on Tuesday, except
an adjournment at 2:00 A.M. Wednesday
to start almost from scratch on Thrusday
night.

It was now or never since Council must
submit some sort of budget by 12 Mid-
night Thursday or else face impeachment
(which really would mean little since
guess who would try those impeached -
that‘s right, Central Council). So, at
11:44 PM it was decided to go big time
and stop the clock. This allowed them to
continue until 7:30 Friday morning, only
to stop with the intention of resuming
Friday afternoon, and then perhaps final-
ly finish.

At least progress was now being made
ConCert Board was given its increase of
$15,000 over this year and stipends were
said to be acceptable. Calmly Central
Council forged on. Bearing an only slight-
ly dazed face, but a mighty, deft sword, it
left numerous groups lying in the wake.
hemoaning their now financially future,

: t v

 

one can find some rather disagreeable
wafers called “Survival (probably a brand
name) Crackers" and a chcrage called
“Emergency Drinking Water" which our
explorers dared not sample. The men also
found cans of some drink called "Coco‘
Cola” all over the capital. In the residence
areas, but strangely not elsewhere, there
were bottles of a hevorage called
“Boone‘s Farm", which was named after
a popular performer of the day and which
may have been use;in rejuvenation rituals.

Our explorers were surprised to find
miles of tunnels connecting the core and
the four residence areas. Their purpose
was a mystery until someone back here
suggested that they provided a refuge for
the bureaucrats if the workers should
decide to riot

There was much to do in the capital for
recreation There are three elevators in
each of the residence towers that were
probably not used for transportation
llt‘L'ilUSl' the previously mentioned
"'I‘orch'. book shand most I-arthlings
walk up stairs and don't rely on
machines. 'I‘hcri-foro, clevmnr racing must
have been an enjoyable pastiimc. Large
numbers of gambling, or vending,
machines were found all over the campus.
The prize was some piece of food or a can
of some beverage. Due to the ovorl'lowing
mshboxvs and the stillrfull columns of
prizes, our scientists feel the eurtlilmgs
usually lost. The tunnels that connected
tln- cori' buildings also hosted another
kind of race, one held between small
electric carts found all throughoutlhc
tunnels. Numerous iICCcSS doors to the
tunnels testified to the popularity of the
rncl‘s during lunch breaks.

’l‘ransportatiun was amazmgly simple on
earth Outside the I.‘<Ir(' buildings and
inside the residence arclni are huge over»
hanging concave discs used for instant
transport to any spot (Ill lIH‘ plum-l
Unfort- this technique was llth‘IllL’d, It Is
possible an' curs landed on [lie flat roofs
of all the buildingh. The workers rode
huge transport Vt'lllt'li'h sometimes rc~
forer to as "sunybuses" on their way to
and from lhc I'ori'I-(Hubor building" one
of these Is broken down right In from of
the capital grounds.

()ur ('Xllllll‘l'l'h' say that the llllljt'hllt'
.irI'lnlw'lui-i- probably Impressed Illlhl
Vln‘lliil'h lu llu- capital at lu‘sl, but that
swri-ping vcrlunl lines Inusl have looked
like jailhouse bars nl'lcr the Visitor saw llu-
low rcgnrd most of lhc proli'tai'ians were
lll.‘l(l in by llll‘ elitc. And our t‘X|)l()l't'l'n
concluded their message by snyIng lllul
although there once was life. tlu-y don't
know if there was cvcr any
"civilization".

PAGE ELEVEN

 

 
 

