 

    

     

    

'7:wa _ ‘

..-......‘... .-

ga... ‘

 Administrators of
{2? the World Unite!

To the Editor:

As a leading Marxist critic, I was out-
raged to read how Dean I.M. Hunsberger
could not recommend Curt Smith for
tenure renewal on the basis of what he
felt to be Smith’s lack of panache and
bravura among the ranks of Marxist liter-
ary critics (re ASP, 30 March 1973, “Curt
Smith Papers") Although I am somewhat
amazed that Hunsberger would publicly
announce his desire to attract “leading
Marxists" to the SUNYA faculty, and was
even more amazed that he boasted a
broad enough knowledge of Marxist
;. scholarship to judge Smith's Marxism
E: magnitude, I think the time has come to
S unmask this Hunsberger for what he
5 really is. Although he masquerades as a
: maven of Marxist writings. and claims to
follow closely the contenders for leader-
ship in the Marxist literary scene, our
{dean is in fact no Marxist; nay, not even
n advocate of the non-Marxian left.
nstead, he prtsents himself as a friend of
Marxism only to discredit an individual
hose Marxism is (truly) beyond re-
proach. l have known Curt Smith for
ome years now, both as a scholar and as
friend. I have no hesitation in recom-
nending his Marxism on both fronts.
Beyond this, and seriously, I think that
,. it is important that we understand what is
,3 happening in the case surrounding the
':tcnure chision on Curt Smith. Smith--a
 finalist for “most popular teacher award"
1 SUNYA~~likc many other popular
among students) faculty people around
state system and elsewhere, is seen as
l threat to an academy that is becoming
ncreasingly administered and repressive.
At a time when throughout America
ieople's self-definition and political au~
tonomy is increasingly “headed off" by
the powers that be, it is no accident that
the university is joining in on the counter-
insurgency against the experience of the
liltill's: iictiVism and dissent. As the
univr-rsity trim. to edge out. its Curt
Smiths, the State Univursity is experiv
menting elsewhere in an effort to defuse
and atomm- thu mllegi- i-nVIronment, as
in the case of l'if'njlll'l‘ State College
(where I am currently employed are an
llIbLI‘UCIOI' ) Al Empire State, not only
havr- ll‘t'l‘t' llt'l'll movu-s to sanitizi- the
faculty, but students are systematically
lhl)li|ll.‘(l from one another in their educ-
(IIIIIII and are given no place to congre-
gate, much less int-cl each other. The
attack on Curt Smith in an attack not
only upon him, but part of a broader
program aimed at neutridimng the entire
’. student community It .i; ll thinly veiled
statement on the part. of college admirii
alfllltlrh and ossil'ivil "intellectuals" that
exciti-ii

...‘.M,P-,Vg.~.v 

 

  
  
  
  
  
 
  

 

 

3'
I:

 
  
 
 
   
  
  
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
     
    
 
 
  
 
  
  
   
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
   
   

Illlytlllt‘ who

  

 
 

Letters to the Editor '

 

students out of the doldrums of DAILY
LIFE is potentially subversive to the
functioning of the smooth (albeit dull)
society.

Although I am a faculty member at
another institution within the SUNY con-
glomerate, I am concerned about the case
of Curt Smith because it is happening
here and elsewhere-and must be stopped!
At institutions around the state and the
country, characters like I.M. Hunsberger
seem to be popping up as administrators,
and operating in a like fashion. Joining
the ranks on the “intellectuals” their job
is one of being a psycho-cop and a keeper
of the King’s Knowledge.

Don ’t let Hunsberger's "Marxist" (mug
fool ya! He's just a plain old hatchetman.
Support Curt Smith!

Stuart Ewen, Instructor,
Empire State College.
A

Featuring — The Jockettesl

To the Editor:

At this time, I feel it necessary to make
a ﬁnal reply to the letter which appeared
in your April 10, 1973 issue by Seth
Ugelow. There are a few aspects of that
letter which I feel need to be clariﬁed and

corrected so that this entire ix.ch can

ﬁnally be brought to a close.

First of all, I would like to make a
public apology to the girls on the Jock-
ettcs'l‘eam (and any other girls on this
campus who might have been offended).
At this time, I rcali'w that the last
sentence of my first letter was totally
uncalled for and I hope that they will not
hold this blunder against me.

The next point I would like to bring up

is the reason for my abstention in the -

vote on whether or not to allow the team
to compete in League I. Before the vote I
was taken, I made it. clear to the Council '
that I personally did not feel that a vote
was necessary. That is because we do not
have the right to tell a team that they
cannot compete in a certain league or in ii
certain sport (even though we are only
being budgeted by Central Council as a
Men'ii Intramural Association). I argued.
this point (that a vote need not be taken)

for quite a while. Ilut eventually a vote .5

was taken. My abstention was not out of
protest to the girls, but out of protest to

the Council. I iiaw no reason to "waste" - .

council time with a matter that was
already decided before the moi-ting. So l
abstained as a means of xhownig to my
fellow council members that I was oppos-
ed to the VO'I‘E being taken, not tin-girl»

playing in League I. And if Seth Ilgelow ',

did show up at the meeting, lII' would
have heard me argue in favor of the girls
playing softball in the intramural pro

gram

 

Next, the Jocki-lti-n did not win their
roiilliiiiml on inixl rhino

 

...o. t. H.-...V.....ci..

 

What's A Nation To Do?

by Bob Mayer

Watergate made more front page nation-
al headlines last week than has any other
single event (excluding Vietnam) in re-
cent years. Each day new evidence sur-
faced with those implicated being closer
and closer to Nixon. Monday's statement
became Tuesday’s lie. One White House
aid contradicted another while lawyers
representing a dozen men scurried around
the country appearing before Grand Jur-
ice and attempting to get at the source of
the latest “public” outpouring of con-
fessions.

The Press no longei had to leave Water-
gate on page three and the editorials.
’Ilieirlperseverance in finding the truth
was assuming its own momentum and it
was now front page news. It is no wonder
that almost every award for outstanding
journalism this year, from Pulitzer on, is
going to those journalists who did not
readily accept the administration‘s fairy
tale.

Suddenly names like Liddy and Hunt
were obscured by names like Maurice
Stans, ILR. Halderrnan, John Dean III,
and John Erlichman. It should have come
to no one's surprise that sooner or later
someone would realize that he was being
made a scapegoat for Nixon's right hand
men, both former and present. One of
these men was James McCord who told a
Grand Jury about the meeting in which
bugging was discussed and those .iresent
at the meeting included John Milt lll‘ll, at
that time Attorney General of Inc US.
and John Dean, one of Nixon 's closest
advisors and the President‘s. choice for
investigating the scandal.

All this brought Richard Nixon, ten
months after the arrests, in front of the
cameras telling the nation that new evi-
dence has come out and that there may
be White House people involved And
John Mitchell, who for the past ten
months has denied any knowledge what-
soever tells the same nation that he did
hear it discussed in a meeting but was
opposed to any such plilnll.

There are some things involved in this
case that are yet unclear, and may remain
that way for some time. A recent (liillop
poll shows that 41% of the American
people believe that Nixon knew about
Watergate in advance. The same poll
notes that 83% of the American people
now are familiar with Watergate.

This is important in several ways. First,
when polled before the 1972 presidential
elections only (5% of the public believr-d
Watergate to be an ltirillt' in the campaign.
l"t'W(!f than half knew anything at. all
about Watergate. And second, the poll
l'l-Vt'tllh that a third of the nation Iii-lii-VI-s
the affair to I’I'Vl'lll corruption in the
Nixon administration. The poll was con
din-ted prior to the deluge of new iiil‘or
iriution and new l|('.('|lnlll.llll|h. Certainly
the next poll will reveal a decreasi- in the

 

 
 

 

,. ilii: iiitcriiational
i filiii group

    
 
 

  

   
    
   
 
   
  
   
  

 admission:$.50 w/sludent tax
' $1 00 w/out

    

 

 

‘Ir

 

ttLtruutquu uyu

 

 

 

blilll' lllllvlifhlly ill III‘W

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

uouUl-l 11"

u ) york at .illiany

 

AN EVENING OF SELECTED SHORT SUBJECTS

Early films by Jean-Luc Godard, Richard Lester

7:15 & 9:45

starting saliirday:
Iraullaul's TWO ENGLISH GIRLS

iiirilllxll My lIIH‘UI" la!

and Roman Polanski. Award winning International
short films, both live action and animated.

Friday, April 27

LC 25

 

 

  
 

 

credibility of the President.

It is especially difficult to accept the
President’s claim that he has only recent-
ly become aware of “new devalopments."
The President told a news conference last
August that an investigation has been
conducted by White House aid John Dean
stating, “I can say categorically that this
investigation indicates that no one on the
White House staff, no one on this admini-
stration presently employed, was involved
in this very bizarre incident." Now he
says that a new investigation has “un-
earthed major new developments in the
case." It would appear that such contra-
dictory statements, coming from the Pres~
ident of the United States, do not further
public belief in the office he holds.

Presumably few people will ever believe
Richard Nixon to be entirely innocent of
the political sabotage attempt last June.

Let us go back a few years. Mr. Nixon
served in the late forties and early fifties
on the House of Un-American ACLiVities.
HUAC was notorious for witch hunts of
suspected American communists and
proved to be a rather effective anIESngu'
tive body, It was not rare for members of
llUAC to go years back into the records
of teachers, lawyers, civil servants, Conv
greasmen, etc. and discover the slightest,
obscure link an individual one degree left
of McCarthy had with communism.

Now we are led to believe that this same
man was ignorant of political espionage
inside his own close circle ofaides.

If what the President said about firing
those aides involved in the illegal activi-
ties is true, and if the accusations being

forwarded are true, then it is entirely
feasible for Nixon to have to dismiss his
closest and most trusted aides. This
would certainly reflect an all time low for
the office NiXon occupies.

What's a nation to do?

i r i

I On Meat and POW’s

by Doug LcConilc
Secretary of Agriculture I‘liirl ltulz has
said that. anyone who wants a govvriinn-nt
imposed freeze on meat [)l’lt'l'tl is a damn
fool. Apparently, the word did not get
around to his boss, who Ullt't‘ again has.
shown that political expediency weighs
more heavily than moral or philosophical
conviction. Ilia cnl'ori-i-rl lid on nil-at
prices satisfied almost no one, from the
farmer on up to tllt’ consumer.

The VOICIEN raised in protest gnvv a
variety of reasons for condemning the
President's actions, yet. most of l.lll'nl
Wl‘rt‘ correct in realizing lliut uthl‘l‘lllllt'lll
price fixing ignores the root mum-s of tin-
problcm and thus l'lllllllll sum-wit Ii n.
inniilar to finding It lumln-ryiu-k |llllilc<l
lii-ni-ath II trm~ be him 1|th l'Ill down and
giving him two millll'lll and a glass of

Ililtlillltl'tl on “nun ii.

MCAI-DATy-GRE
LSAT-ATGSB
UCAT

NAT’L. BDS.

- Preparation for lllhlb Imiiilrtid toi
.iiliriisswn Io graduate and piolus
‘5“)an schools

' filx and twelve HIS‘MUH iniiiuia

' iiiiiiill turnips

' Voliiirniioul inului ml for home study
privniiliid Irv iixpirilu lll each iiiilil

'l timoii M limhilu - an be Iiiitinmi to
meet IlllllVIlltI-Il lilltlll‘. t "more.
«no he t'jiluml owl II lll'llllfl ol
wvurul months lo M yoiii, oi loi
oiil oI town hlttlllllll'., .i period
of one Wiiuli

'Ollptnllllnly Ior It'vltiw ol lllIl-I
lmwiia VIII tupu iil Itiii cunioi

Special Compact Courses during
Weekends ~ lnterwulons
Summer Soulonl
STANLEY N. KAPLAN
EDUCATIONAL CENTER LTD.
urn-u unnum- ﬁrmly" n r .’L.

imi 3304300 [‘7‘
isioi 638— awn “H”
IIA vb lVl Mlﬁ‘ul WI I II NUII

“lllllCllll in Major Cities In U.S.A.
1h: running Maiqu .mlIII my Nalmliwldl Itqmiuimn

 

 

 

 

 

_._.___._—__.

  

I’liClx l"(_)Ul<'l‘l'll~lll

 

ALIS/\NY S'I'Ul)l'iN'l' l’ltl'Ih'S

I"I"ilJ/\Y, Ill’Rll. 2'/, 1071’)

 

   

-Wp.‘»....._...l.-t A ...... .. .

  
 
 

 

 

 

Jmoﬂe' continued from proceeding page
ﬁrst game. In fact, they lost 15-0. it you
consider the fact that they all showed up
at the game an indication that they won;
then Seth, you are highly mistaken. What
did they win then? The fact that they
were able to play in League I? In my
mind there was no question about
whether or not they should play in
League I. But the question was “could
they"?

The idea for League I was honest,
aggressive play. It was stiﬂed in that game
by the lack of physical ability on the part
of the Jockettes.

Once again, I will repeat a point made
in my first letter. That is that the leagues
are set up by ability for a purpose. It is
true that we (AMIA Council) have no
right to tell a team where to play and
have no way to measure a team's ability.
But it is up the the teams involved to be
fair to themselves and to the other teams
too. Unfortunately, it seems that the
Joekettes were truly not able to judge
their own ability properly.

Another item worth mentioning: The
two head umpires for the program (’I‘.
Frawley and V. Ray) haVe stated that
they will not referee any more games in

which the Jockettes are involved. They
feel that the game was a farce due to the
lack of knowledge of the rules on the girls
part. Anyone who does not know the
complete rules should not be playing in
League One,

In conclusion, I am Very sorry that this
whole incident had to come about in this
way. It might have been different ifth
Central Council would realize that we are
not just a Men's Program (women have
participated in many intramural sports
that we have set. up) and would stop

 
   
 
  
    

Communlcatlons should be iyoe-
written and addressud to:
Editorial Page Edlioi, [\fil‘,
CCJZG, SUNVA, Albany, 1????
Unless [here are leullimtlrio I.ll
Lnnistances. all letters must lie ‘.ll]lll:ll

 

 

 

ill lt lill‘."

 

Ly 

FRIDAY, APRIL 27, I97":

 

lllt‘li'mi'yr.‘

‘tlhlllll‘i :tv r; 

.,[ ;

l'ill rliirll‘llrltl'll’ lit ivrii,],lv,|, V,”
I

 

budgeting us as such. With more money,
the council could meet the demand of all
pf the students on this campus, not just a
ew

Wayne R. Halper

Barry the Treasure

To the Editor:

My name is Barry Davis and I‘d like to
he the next Vice~Presidcnt of Student
Association. In order to get my wish I
need your Vote.

I believe that the VP. should be indc‘
pendent of the President, although I feel
they should be able to work together.
The VP should be willing to criticize and
openly disagree with the President if
necessary. We need an open government,
no matter who the executive happens to
be.

As a member of Central Council I was
strongly involved in the Parking Strike
last semester. The strike led to the pre-
sent desegregated parking situation in the
main lots,

As the Chairperson of Grievance Com-
mittee I've been and continue to be
actively involved in trying to change the
present unreasonable housing policy. The
housing policy that allows indiscriminate
inspections of our dorms is wrong. It
must be changed.

I have been strongly involved in finding
a place for students in 'l'enurc decisions.
It is improper that Research comes first
and 'I‘eaching a distant second. Many of
our finest 'I‘i:iicliers will not be here in the
Fall ol '75. We must change this now.

I will promise one thing. As Vicr-
President I will continually remind the
University Administration that the stu
dents are the reason for the Univchity.
They are here to help us. PLEASE
Vfl'l'li'

lliirry Z. Davis

   

   

 

u nmu lry -..n. m. mni

“Nature,to be commanded,
must be obeyed?

‘ V' -’  "  .‘rlt’.'
tr" .’.‘llll‘llltlll\/
ll‘ iii. 1. it"dl'flillﬂ'l'

~il~

Natural Rheingold

We know how you feel about beer.

 

 

   

‘View From The Right

by Mitchell Frost

I was very pleased and honored this
vacation to be granted a private and
personal interview with a member of
Albany State's exclusive and highly secre-
tive nobility class. I'll bet you didn‘t
know we had any nobility here. Well
Douglas LeComte, or "The Count," as his
friends in Campus Coalition call him, as a
full-blooded noble and was gracious
enough to answer some of my questions
concerning his noble heritage, his political
views, and his friends in Campus Coali-
tion.

Interviewer: Sir, how should I address
you'll have never spoken to nobility
before.

The Count: You can call me Doug.

Interviewer: Oh, I really couldn't, sir!

The Count: Really, Doug will do ﬁne.
It's not that important.

Interviewer: Fine. So tell me, Doug,
how has Albany State been treating you?
In this egalitarian country where every-
one is equal and the masses rule, have you
found that you've not been given the
regal treatment that is, of course, your
due?

The Count. At first this was the case.

Interviewer. I'm sorry to hear that.
How should ordinary people address you?

The Count. Oh, a simple kneeling will
usually do. After all, I'm only a Count.

Interviewer Ah, but you‘re too modest.
()Iin a Count! Indeed! Tell me, sir. I
mean Doug, but do you always wear that
thing I mean, it looks like it weighs a
ton.

The Count Sir! This “thing " as you
call it. is the Royal lie(‘omte Crown. And
it does weigh a ton. Ugh!

Iiilervieiver: And you always have it on?

The ('ounl I am nevr-r without it.
'l'railition would how it no other way. I
just completed my royal bath and as you
can see my crown is not yet dry. Here, I'll
Just place it on this end~tiihle by the
lloyal Water Pipe.

IIlIt'l‘l'll’llll’I‘ Ho It'll me, Dong, how is ll
possible tlial so many students are no
aware of your presence on i'iiiiipus'.‘

'I‘Iir' ('oniil This I cannot figure out,
considering the publicity which (Iiiinpus
(‘ozilitioii has l)l'l'll givnig my stay here.

IIlIt‘I'l‘Il'llll'l‘ (loulil you elaborate,
please“

The t'omi/
rillll' In more
:Illllllltl thi- ('rimpns, wearing my crown
and iil‘t'lllllllllllll‘ll by only thru- ot my
io\.il Il‘illll]ll'lt'|'\ l was known only to

(‘i-rlninly At first I was
rather |Ill‘llllhlllt'llullhly

An Interview With “The Count"

certain high ranking members of the
Administration, and to Sir Michael
Lampert (The Duke) and Sir Barry Davis
(The Dunce).

Interviewer: I see. Then what
happened?

The Count: After that it was all down-
hill. I wrote a few articles for the ASP
and all hell broke loose.

Interviewer: You wrote about the
dangers of an expanding Federal bureau-
cracy and the merits of rock music. Is
that correct?

The Count: That is correct.

Interviewer: What happened then?

The Count: Then the Dance blew his
stack.

Interviewer: You mean Sir Barry Davis,
yes?

The Count: Yes, well, we call him The
Dunce.

Interviewer: How did Sir Barry acquire
that title?

The Count: Well, you see, he used to
write political columns for the royal
newspaper back in the old country and so
when his time came to be knighted, well,
what else could we call him?

Interviewer: And The Dunce was upset
when he read your columns?

The Count: Upset? He and his pals
wrote back calling me a “ayphilitic pre-
tender to nobility”! And Dr. Janet Hood
promised me that information was
strictly confidential!

Interviewer. Sir Barry wrote that?

The Count Actually no one knows just
who wrote that. You see, after being
laughed out of the old country he and his
fellow trichllcrs have been writing under
the pseudonym “Campus Coalition.“
That way, they can write whatever they
want without having to take responsi-
bility for their work.

Interviewer Of course. What else did
they writc'.‘

’I‘lie ('ourit They then compared my
columns to stepping in shit.

Interviewer Ami you didn't lllU' that. I
suppose.

'I'lii' ('onrii Well actually I took It as a
sort of l‘limpllnll'lll.. I mean, if you‘ve
t'Vt'I‘ M't'n 'l‘liu Dunce‘s apartment you
know What l'lt' thinks ofsllil.

IIIIt'I‘I'll'llll‘I‘ I'm afraid l'vu m-vvr seen
Sir Harry‘s apartment. lliil 1 how read his
columns.

The ('niiiil Saint- difference.

Ililr'l‘l’ll‘li't'l'. Thank you Very much for
your lllnv

 

 

 

 

Photo Service
is loo/thy for a

Business
Manager

Business background

not required
interested? call Joan 457—4614

or
M 451—4728

 

 

PAGE FIFTEEN

 

  
  
     
 
   

    
     

