 

 

   
      
  

     
 

    
  
  
   
   
       
  
  
 
  
  
  
  

 

  
   
   
  
 

 

  
    
    
  
   
  
  
 

 

   

 

 
  
 
 
 
   
  
 

 

 
 
 

 

  

 

  
  
 

 

 
 

 

  

 

   
   

 

 
   
  
  

 

 

 
 
 
 

 

    
   
 
    
      
       
       
    
      
         
    
      
      
      
    
    

......, xywsmwmviruwhtcw .... .

 

 

 

 

 

‘u/E our/var PROV/DE WENESS Rate
#095 WHO PEI-7155b 70 F/ier ’

Meanwhile, Back at the Association..........

by Glenn von Nostitz

The January winds in Albany are bitter
The beasts of the forest stay close to their
warm nests and dens. Students. at Albany
State stay indoors, and use the tunnels to
walk to classes rather than brave the
elements. And, much like the bears, the
rodents, the snakes, and the turtles, Stu-
dent Association has settled down for a
long Winter sleep.

it seems the efforts expended in last
semester's parking strike have all but ex-
hausted even the staunchest council acti-
VIsts. The momentum of that one brief,
week long ﬁing, has long been lost in an
aftermath of petty squabbling, and now,
lethargy.

So they are now back to the usual
budgetary matters and the yearly proce-
dure of allocating some $500,000 in stu
dent tax monies that are collected annur
ally.

That seems to be Council‘s only job
now, because Student Association really
has no power to do anything else but
manage its own internal affairs.

They have little inﬂuence on grading
procedures. On tenure cases they are

completely impotent. And onmostof the
other matters closely affecting their con-
stituency, they are powerless to act. All
they can do is pass "resolutions" and
“urge the President" to take various
actions they feel are in the student
Interest.

number of obserVers have tried to
ﬁgure out why this is so. There are some
who say it is because students "don't give
a damn" in the eyes of the Emmanu-
zion, the student association is a paper
tiger. There is no student backing, and,
therefore, no power,

That seems to be the most popular
new.

Then there are others who say the
reason for the impotence rests on a basic
lack of leadership within the assocation,
itself. “it is quite true", they say, “that
there lh no broad student support“. But

perhaps, they conclude, this is due to the
lethargy and apathy of the Association
leadership. The blame is not the isth
dentii’, but the Association’s.

Speciﬁcally, they cite the lack of
cooperation between the executive and

legislative branches ‘ the numerous

vetoes, arguments, and feelings of tension

ind resentment.

It seems the executive branch has come
under the greatest criticism for its “lack
of initiative" and half-hearted support
for student interests. Backing for PSA
student workers has been minimal.
Support for other “student power" activi~
ties has been largely nonexistent. Witness
the parking strike last semester. Central
Council strongly supported the strike and
most Council members actively worked
on it.

But the President vetoed the strike bill
and it took a special session of Council Lt:
override that vctu. The President's
opposition to the strike angered some
Council members, and many have charged
that be seriously reduced the strikc's
potential effectiVeness.

And last year, when most student
governments were organlzmg strike uCLlVl
ties in response to the Haiphong mining
and bombing, the SUNY A association
remained completely neutral. Executive
branch leaders stayed far away from any
strike activities.

Some student observers lluVi' gone so far
as to call the executive branch the
“administration's campus center repre-
sentative," Of course, this is hotly denied
(by exec. branch members)

Nevertheless, there is a strong feeling
that the SA President and colleagues have
not done enough to promote student
interests. and they claim this is one of the
biggest reasons why students have lost
interest in their own government.

On February 13, ill, and lb a referen-
dum will be held. The issue will be
mandatory vs. Voluntary tax. If more
than 20% of the students vote - and vote
against mandatory tax ~ it will be
repealed.

Student Association's“fliiison d'etre"
is the allocation of the one halt million
dollars of tax revenues. With only one
half that amount available to them, it
wonld seem reasonable to say that they
would have only one half the work to do.

The conclusion in obvious: One half of
SA's reason for existence would be gone.
A rather sad commentary. indeed.

editoriais Er letters

   
 
   

 

"A Guy who has to step out of
fake 3 pins." 3 Show" ‘0

Elsenhower‘s dellnii
of an Intellectual Ion

Rush and Arbitrary

Beneath the surface apathy on this campus brews a rising indignation.
justified indignation, in light of current administrative policy.

It seems that the Administration no longer considers it necessary in
consult student opinion on matters concerning University governance,
Events of recent weeks attest to this.

After years of non-action, it has suddenly come upon the Rt’sltlt‘llii'
Office to enforce certain provisions of the Housing COHtl‘ilCiACL'l'idlll
unpopular provisions.

Under considerable fire by students is the inspection policy, whcrclii
students’ rooms are examined to locate university furniture and ill.
appliances. The methods used to carry out such inspections .ll'i' ..i
questionable discretion.

While recognizing that the Residence staff has its jobs to perform
should be realized in turn that extreme caution should be cmploycd i .

 

that ihc rights of [llC rent-paying students are not infringed upon. 'l in
that inspectors can and do cnicr suites and rooms while the l’L‘\lilt’lll
abscni is .u1 unwisc practice. it not only rests poorly with the hilltlt'lll.
jeopardizes [llL‘ Rcsidcncc people should complaints be made .lgdlllul '
inspection proccdurc.

Also of considerable current concern is the establishment ofii [{l'ﬁlili'
Review Board, whcrcby Residence Directors and Assistant Rmnl- '
Directors liavc [zikcii thc judicial power regarding Housing prohlcim l'-'
their own hands. This is an usurpation of the powers of the Quad lilill<
Boards.

Argument has bccii lllzltlL‘ in zivor of this administratch action on 
claim that the individual quad judicial boards have expressed a dcsirc llI-l i
llzllldll.‘ thcsc cascs. While perhaps this is so in some cases, it is dcfimicli lli '
the case with liidian Quad Board. as cvidcnccd by [hcir lcitcr m ‘..'
Friday's ASP.

it also should bc noted that no RA‘s scrvc on these rcvicw hoards. Ac I"
it was quickly explained by saying that RA’s have cxprcsscd a disinii-il '
parric1piitioii.

Wliutcvcr the cxact details of the situation. the hardcorc fact c‘\l\l\ ii. i'
student input, on any level, was not solicited. The Office of Resident cs li'll
that it was at their administrative discretion to handlc this without \illill'li‘
consultation.

I Administrative attitude towards the RA protest furihcr strcngtliciix :~
impression that no one “up there" takes student concerns seriouslv.

In view of tlicsc Administrative practices then, it would appear \Vl‘.i' it v.
Univcrsiry students to initiate a “get tough" policy of their own. ll m
allow ihcsc initial infractions to pass. we will jeopardize (illl lllliil'
hlrcngili. ll tlic Administration is allowed to think that they can lulu
:lftfiictiiili‘giﬁrtxlilplttsppj in determining policy and taking action diiuilu

.. . slop thtm from dong it more in the futurc"

r. .
. H}.

 

v be ’
. l 1
&. IM'ZI‘JMW. Ito‘i '\

"row or THE MORNlN‘ to re V I
u, LADIES _ AND ISN'T ' ‘
WICKED BRITISH AM new ro US'TAfLCPTIHT SHAW WH“ m

,._A

   Ed"""’"'c’"9’ Phone Office “impart . 

duty in . “mi. 457 i'l'lii (,(Jm, ‘

AP Machine ESfHD/llflﬂd

Editorial Policy
«mm In”)

Advertising Mariel/0’ B“-‘”‘”“ M“, “I. ’
diiiiiiniiiiuil by I ‘

liiiiia iliiilﬂ l’l‘
lifllllilldl tioairi
Asrislsnr News Editor: 0/! Campus [3de
lllllllly nllinaii but: iiii
lulliy iii:i<cili~, I w"
Aurslanl Off Campus Editor
Dairy sciiwailr

News Edirm
'"”' “W‘kﬁ' ASSlSlflllf Advmllsmg Mininva
llll(ld "I‘Hllllliil

Editorial Page Editor Tnchmca/ filiiiu

glenn voii iiiislil/

All: Editor
I undy pulley mi. .ni. ‘l
Anne/27ft: Ans Edna,

Spam Edit
bill biiiia m

Amie/m Spam Editor Associulu ruchlllcil/ [mum
liiucu rriuuum

ken .iiduino bi r'liiill

lldfly WUIIIUI
P'Wluw Edlfar

luslie dams

Grail/ii Elmo,

C/Hﬂflfﬂd
mm “MW Ad Manager

Utility ganek

Advalllﬂllg PIoz/ucimii
iliiiilmi kiimni-r

CflCU/Iflfln Manage, Slim lii am.” .i it...

51(6))
,0" wood ""09 Ed/ror

rimik Iiicnlsky

(July siissinaii
funded by

Photograph y Edlrarr

 

16V roseriberg

david slawsky siiideni im

 

 

 

 

 

 

View Poor From
Stuyvesant Tower

To the indignant and harassed

girls on Dutch Quad -'
we perfectly agree with your point of
view, We think that it IS disgusting and
immoral to spy on low rise dorms.
However, we must disagree with you on
one point. It happens that there are not a
good number of people in the tower who
engage in the "art" of voyeurism.
Common sense will tell you that it is not
possible to see windows, let alone people
through them, from the upper floors of
the tower. Unfortunately, you seem to
have met the unpleasant people who seem
to be the only ones who engage in such
disgusting practices. WE would like to
make this clear to the school community
who now think Stuyvesant Tower is a
hotbed of Peeping Toms. We are the first
to agree with you that this spying must
be stopped, but you shouldn‘t have
dragged the entire Tower through the
mud.
Most of Stuyvesant Tower

Barking on Parking

To the editor: Although a member of
the Joint Student Affairs (‘ouni'il
University Community (‘uuin-il
Committee on parking i must irxln‘i‘ss
some reservation about the l‘l'Cl‘lll report
by the committee crini'i'rning
“desegregation” of many of the uptown
lots. The report states that all upiown
lots, with a couple of exceptions, sl’ltilllfl
be unrestricted so that parking is on a
ﬁrst come - first seerd basis. In theory
this is good because it allows the coin
muting student the same opportunity for
a good spot as a member of the faculty or
staff. However, the proposal as sliiti-(l
allows no restriction on the resident
student, who in general uses the autumn
bile less than the other three parties
involved.

If the school authorized nonresiricied
parking then parts of the parking lot close
to the podium, in particular clososi in the
“gates”, would become usedalmosi L-xclu
sively by the resident student Proof lies
in a walk around the parking lot at Slaie
Quad after the recent storm Many

News on the Crawl

Fat Cats Like

by Mike McGuire
Albany, NY February 6 The

annals of crime haVe many strange storiis.

but none stranger than this recently
unearthed at the sprawling Stali-
University complex in this state capitol

Killard Smith was a straight S student
here, but his fellow students always con
sidered him something of (I "Loni-r" He
would come back to his room late at
night, reeking of fish All night long his
suitemates would hear strange mcuwmg
sounds issuing from his room it couldii‘l
have been his roomatt-‘s stomach
growling, though, because lioih ihi- room
mate and his gentle pet dog Manglcr had
disappeared mysteriously and Wll'liiul a
traCe shortly after school hiid opened iii
late August. Occasionally, Killard could
be heard to shout, “Down, Kcnl”, Whllt'
loudly cracking what soundcd llltl' a
miniature whip or cat o'-nine~tails But
the suitematcs got used lothis,cvcn when
Killard had them bring up pound upon
pound of deepvfried perch, codfish cakes,
and tuna fish from the dining llnll eVi-ry
night.

"Killard seemed troubled toward the
9nd," said his two surViVing sultemates
He turned to drugs as an escape He even
started selling hash, which didn‘t bother
them or the university as long as the
proceeds went to valid educational
expenses.

When he started frittering away to"
dollars a day on tuna fish and catfood,
though, his suitemates and friends started
getting worried. Their fears were allayed
somewhat when Killard stopped dealing
shortly after Governor Rockefeller
instituted life prison terms for hash
dealers. Killard told his suitemates that he
had seen the light, and turned to the

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1973

needed parking spaces at the end closest
to the school are ﬁlled with the snow
covered cars with red stickers two days
after the storm.

Let us proceed with the principle that
the closest parking spaces should be
available to those people who must de-
pend on the automobile as a necessary
means of transportation. Primarily this
includes fawlty. staff, and commuters.
The resident students should be given the
far end of the lot with some provision
made for those resident students who do
need their cars daily for work or research.
We need to open up the lots to those who
need to use it. but the non-restricted first
come - first served will not work to help
the situation without some necessary
modification.

Maybe more important, may we all
remember thal mass transit is more than
just ecological rhetoric. it is a partial
answer to many important environmental
problems As bad its our bus service can
be it does serve as a necessary alternative
to automobile lransporliilion. Those who
could use lhc buses but don't are de-
pleting natural resources, adding it) the
iiir pollution, and adding to the problem
lll lllt‘ parking lots.

Perry Samson

Off The Asses!

To the editor

As it ri-siili-ni of Colonial for Ihi- past »l
)‘i-ars and now a ill'ilillljlllllﬂ senior, i
would llki' in comment on what Housing
has (lone to make dormitory llfl‘ 2i “ri-al
living experience" for me For $80 a
month we get il roof ii\‘l‘r our heads, a
lamp, a drawer. :i l)(‘(l. ii desk and a hard
chair, a community bathroom and

shower. and one dcci-nt suite chair.
Sounds great, doesn‘t it” The RA is a
iisi-ful light bull: gutter 'I'hc dorm

diri-i'lor lWl‘ll"i lh vary lll‘ll)fUl, spending
most l)l llt'i limi- trying to catch you with
a third drawer or extra lamp in your
possession. Life is great in the dorms - a
palacial pad With people around to help
YOU “Hi

i As it turns out, Housing is really
\'|('llml'l.lil|_{ the sliidenis on Colonial.
Unannounci-d ru|(l.\ by the dorm director
and her lackeys igcsliipo tactics to say the
ll‘ilsl I mum to be the rule today Nothing

is considered sacred. Drawers are checked
(for valuables perhaps) along with rooms
and closets. Additional furniture is
removed at the cost of $2 a person per
item. The suite system is lousy.
Communication among students is
lacking. Directors are harassing students
and have no rapport with them at all. An
extra mattress is more important than a
person. Along with the great room you
also get an extra (for a charge of course) -
the food. As everyone on Colonial knows
it is far inferior to Dutch Quad in all
aspects. Service is slow ‘and eating utensils
are filthy. (But they tell us that the
glasses are only dirtyson the outside).
Management is totally lacking. Perhaps an
investigation is needed!

After 4 years on Colon.~. . I would advise
any student the following Don’t live on
Colonial if you want a real living
experience and want to be treated like a
human being. Take the $80 a month for
the room and get a nice, private,
comfortable apartment with some of
your friends. You’ll then be able to live
well and eat well-prepared food with
clean dishes and utensils. There is no
harassment off-campus like in the dorms.
Perhaps everyone moving off campus will
finally get some of the big wig
professionals in Housing and Food
Service off their asses and do some things
that help students ~ not infuriate and turn
them off. Perhaps these administrators
just don't understand. Perhaps they
should have to live here and eat the food
we do to understand what it is to be
victimich and put under seigc by raiding
parties.

John J. Pavlis

Crossing the
Furnish Line

T0 the editor:

With what appears to be an ever
growing concern about furniture in stu-
dent rooms and of on-campus room
inspections l feel it is about time the
students and the Unchrsity take a serious
look at what is happening. At this point it
seems most obvious that a good deal of
people are very unhappy. The problem
really seems to be two-fold.

The first part is a perennial problem of
Residence Directors acting upon the di-
rection of the Office of Residences or
upon Domitory Authority policy to have
University furniture remain in the 
signed tower lounges. lower lounges and

RA's, Cops, Dog Owners

ll‘liil’l‘ respectable trade of mugging to get
the money he needed. if it wasn't an ideal
ioli, he lll(‘()l'I/.(’(l, at least it wasn't tearing
ml, society apart.

A sludl’nl resident-c atssistiint was
'uiining a routine check for rats. which
are prohibited in the dormitories here,
when he mysteriously disappeared.
Associates claim that he was last seen
entering Killard's room with a passkey.
The only trace ever found was the hall--
l'lll‘Wl‘d passlicy. discovered on the ﬂoor
in front of Killard's door

Two of Killard's four remaining suite-
ninii-s had movvd out earlier in the year
tor Wllill wI-ri- termed “personal reasons".
()in- iii the remaining two, Jessie Jones,
was llp])<illlll‘ll to lie the new residence
assistant He had no problems whatsovcr
urilil llt‘ iaii his first check for cats. His
roonimati- Davul l4. (iiirson, claimed that
he saw him go into Killard's room. and
then heard a variety of feline squeals,
coupled Willi shouts from Jones.

,],,“e,, was never seen again, and not
even a passkey was found this time.
Carson Wits chosen to be the new resi-
dence assistant, but refused to accept the
job at first. After some discussion, and
offers of free room, board. tuition,
textbooks, and a $5,000 a year pension
for life, he reluctantly accepted the
Job. To the cattish delight of Stately
Quad‘s animal lovers, Carson's pension
never had to be paid. He disappeared on
the second day of a supposed“final solu-
tion" to the problem of "illegal" cats. He,
too, left no trace, except for a large
keyvring containing passkeys found in a
large pile of kitty-litter left outside the

office of the late Residence Director,
Diana M. Stompers, the same night Miss
Stomper's three goldfish bowls
disappeared

Miss Stompcrs led a delegation from the
student press to the fateful Room 209-3
in Charles Whitman Hall. She then
entered the room alone. The utterance by
Miss Stompers heard by the students was,
“You vilt get down out of let closet und
you vilt go to ze river, No, You vilt get
back un ze closet und you Vlll. get off
mine back und you vilt only do zose
disgusting things in ac box in the corner vit
2e Kitty-Litter und-Achtung!!!" After
that Miss Stompers was uncharacteris-
tically silent. Being worried by all these
things, the representatives of the press
rushed in.

There in the corner, next to a
Kitty~Litter box the size of a small
putting green, was the remains of Miss
Stompers' iron Cross. No othei trace had
escaped the ravenous mouths of the 597
cats Killard had been hiding in his closet,
desk, and dresser No sign of Killard was
to be found, except for a badly chewud
book entitled “Diary of a Young Mad
Scientist."

A careful analysis of the contents
revealed that Killard had been training
the cats for some time so that they would
only attack residence assistants, residence
directors, state police on drug raids, and
dog owners. Visits of all but the last had
been frequent enough so that the cats
never went hungry.

The diary shed little light on the disap~
pearance of Killard himself. Apparently
the leader of the cats was named Ken,

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

U-ldunges. Time has, prove . I that this
policy does not work. Within the first few
days of clues each you the lounge: an
simultaneously stripped of all theilr furnf-
ture. Most of the fumiturc winch up in
student rooms and suites. Why this lup-
pens does not need explaining.

When this occurs the Office of Rui-
dances gets on its "Get it all back, kids"
band wagon with the reason that since
there is not enough furniture to go
around so that all suites will be Wl

If the University really cared about the
living conditions of the resident students
on campus, they (the Ofﬁce of Resp.
dences) would hound down every legisla-
tor involved with the ﬁnancial allocations
to this University designed for residence
areas, and they would appeal to the
Dormitory Authority for additional funds
for use in the dorms and explore all
avenues of correcting this problem

If the State of New York can find the
money to carpet, furnish and install all
that nice new lighting in Mohawk tower
for faculty use, I think that there must be
some means to find money to squire
some additional furniture for the dorms.
even if it is only enough for an extra chair
per suite it will be a start in the right
direction.

The second problem is the method the
University uses to enforce their laws. I
feel that just the idea - let alone the
actual carrying out of unannounced room
inspections - to be the most abhorrent
thing that this school can do to its resi-
dents.

if a landlord or the local police have to
go before a judge and show good cause
why they wish to enter and inspect a
person‘s house or apartment then there is
no reason why this University should
have the privilege of unannounced inspec-
tions. Aside from this end of it there is no
reason why Resident Directors and R,A.'s
should have to act as policemen. [was
given the impression that the Director
and the R.A.’s were here to help guide,
direct and organile student activities and
help students with their problems, not to
create more problems. I feel that when
the Director and R.A. have to play guar-
dian to chairs and couches, they are no
longer serving in the proper area that they
were hired for and when on top of this
they enter your room at will they are
playing the role of Cop (no offence to
police intended).

The UniVersity should not hava the
right to enter rooms at will, and the
privacy of the individual be given the
utmost priority when emergency searches
are made. it is about time that this
University start taking a Tenant - Land-
lord approach to resident living and stop
this futile effort to control the lives of
their residents.

With proper modifications of many of
the rules and regUIations that now exist
on this campus, ranging from furniture to
mandatory meals, this University can
bring back many of the students who
have moved off campus and perhaps we
will not have 500 empty beds next year.

i would hope to see a reply to this letter
from the Ofﬁce of Residences soon. May-
be with a little communication we can get
things changed.

Jack Schraeter

   

 

communications snouio be typewritten
and addressed to:
Editorial Page Editor, ASP
SUNVA, CC326
Albany, N.V. 12222
Unless there are extenuating circum-

stances, all letters must be signed.

 

 

 

and he and Killard had come to dislike
each other after Killard refused to let the
cats raid the dining rooms for themselves.
Killard had apparently thought that his
suitemates could do the job somewhat
less conspicuously. and Ken disagreed and
told him so. Ken, who was rumored to be
the most intelligent of the highly-trained
cats, told UPS reporters that he was sick
and tired of being told by Killard to
“work peacefully within the system" to
get five square meals a day. The end
come. said Ken, when Killard tried to
feed the cats roast beef for the third time
in a week.

in the latest development, Ken and his
followers have been sold the Army by
the University. Their future is uncertain.
but Pentagon spokesmen emphasized that
they were obtained strictly for peacetime
use.

PAGE SEVEN

    
   
 

    

  
 

least». _.—_.- .n‘-

.g ..

 

“ “ ems: roots-g.

WE‘N‘.”

"s
w.

a

.v

