   
   

  

    
    
  
 
  
   
  
   
   
   
   
 

 

\

  
  
   
  
 
  
  
   
 
   
 
 
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
 

 

mOre letters“

Tenure Atrophies

To the Editor:

It seems to me that once upon a time.
SUNY Albany needed idiots - excuse me -
teachers, so badly that they would give
anyone tenure. I am referring to those
teachers in our university that take their
position very lightly. I am talking of those
teachers that will consistently come to class
absolutely unprepared. I am talking ofthose
teachers who organize their semester‘s work
load solely around several books; and who
will consequently make their classes
memorization courses. lam talking of those
teachers who have the gall to play the game:
lam\the teacher - and you are the students.
therefore you can not disagree with me as I
know more than you do! I am talking of
those teachers who do certain things in cl ss
to scare the students from asking questions.

In a time when the whole tenure issue is be—
ing examined. l feelthat students in SUNYA
should not neglect to exercise the} respon-
sibility in obtaining the type ofteachers they
need. I suggest that a body of students be
elected in each department to see to it that
teachers. especially those that already have
tenure. are not escaping the responsibility of
their position.

The academic atmosphere that Professor
Harry Stiley talked about in|his article is
definitely lacking in this University. By tak-
ing action against those teachers that
separate themselves from the student com-
munity. we might begin to achieve the
academia we have come to college for.

Maurice Rudmann

Chicken Soup
Anyone?

To the Editor:

Since it will soon be possible to major in
Judaic Studies. we wish to suggest some ap-
propriate courses that would help any non-
Jews get a feeling of thedeeperaspects of the
Jewish Culture, presuming of course. they
will be allowed entrance into the program.
They should probably begin withan elemen—
tary course in the theory and philosophy of
soup. This could be taken concurrently with
a course in basic guilt- how to induce it and
how to use it.

Following mastery of these essential skills
they will be prepared for the delicate in-
tricacies of the principles underlying the
dynamics of soup and guilt in mother-child
relationships. This would naturally lead to a
correlation amongst these three variables on
Performance and its ancillary neurosis. A
broader comprehension could be achieved
by investigating abstractcbopped liver - does
it ex ist‘L or the general function ofliver in the
release of sexual tension. Lastly. if a well-
led interest has not been kindled by the
depth of the subjects. a ﬂight to Jew-
nitarianism is recommended.

C.W. Trilling
N.A. Friedman

Of Thee We Sing

Suddenly you become taught in the tidal
wave that comes barreling out of November
and Thanksgiving to lift you through the
first weeks of December. which pass in a
rush. leaving you beached on Christmas
Vacation. The protective layers of SUNYA
civilization are peeled off one by one: the
ASP stops publication. classes and then
finals end. friends leave and then. there you
are. alone. unbuttressed. unprepared to face
three weeks at home.

l'hose fleeting December days are fre-
quently worthy ofnote. but due to bad tim-
ing. they often go without ment‘ion. Promi-
item in thitcatcgoryis Holiday Sing. thatever
so slightly tarnished relic we possess of
college days past, Long-gone and neglected
arc llorneeomings and State Fairs. but still
extant In their once-a-semestcrruslilof com—
bined cl'lorts',a re Telethon in the Spring and
Holiday Sing in the Fall.

Asa th rec-year watcher and veteran of ths
event. I am struck by the immutable
character of it. Without fail. the themes of
past years meld into an unidentifiable blur.
as do the programs. and the majoriton the
contestants as well as the songs they sing.
I‘ rrttrlly coming to its senses. the powers that
run Holiday Sing Iiavcdecrdcd rliisycar they
would not hate another of tlic “cutesy-
ctitcsty" themes that make its much of a dent
on the memory as so much rainwater.

by Mitchel Zoler

In fact. one begins to wonder exactly why.
each year. the crowd in the gym brushes
against the windows near the roof and
bulges at the doors and why. so many more
tune to WSUA's mediocrereproductionlof
the event. This occurs in spite ofthe common
knowledge that the acoustics are lousy. the
breaks between groups and during judging
are boring and seemingly endless and that
visually. most of the subtleties are lost in the
uivcrn-Iikc surroundings in which they are
contained.

The fact is. I can't give a really good reason
why this white elephant of our ancestry
retains itspopularitywhilc mostother events
of this kind Itave dropped by the wayside.
There is though. one glaring point which is
the reason that I. for example. still go. The
reason is that I personally. do participate,
and therefore must be there. This is con-
ceivably the motivation for many othersand
is not terribly outlandish considering that at
least Ill of the audience is composed of pco~
plc in my position.

All one need do is assume two friends
come to the gym to watch each performer
and there you have the composition of the
rest of the crowd. So, through irrefutable
logic, we have arrived at the secret success
formula of Holiday Sing. All an event need
do is actively iiitoltc about 1.000 students
and II will be insured of a lollowrng as longas
then: is a SUN YA.

' The Home

meﬁwmomr

 

-Bound Highway:

Is It Really A Vacation If You
Have To Go Home For It?

Not everyone headshome forthe lengthier
school holidays. The luckieramong us ﬁnd
themselves waking,up to clean sapphire
heavens on spotle§ yellow Daytona or. Ft.
Lauderdale beaches. Birds of another
feather see themselves resting up at the inert-
clusive Stowe or Killington resorts after a
day of coasting down windy white moun-
tainsides. Still another breed. perhaps the
most fonunate of all. sit nursing Pan Am
cocktails~ as they glidelcloser to the rich
cultural cornerstones on the other sideof the
Atlantic. Yet. the bulk ofotrr numbers still
find ourselves tapping our ﬁngers to
WABC‘s current number two-wo-wo«wo-
wo-wo while waiting for the rush-hour
Bronx traffic tothin. Ourdestination: a now

curious abstraction called Home.

“Goin‘ back home" is not, of course.
limited to the concrete-and-shingle edifice
whcrcl we at one ti e found our rest and
nourishment. “Homerikan broadly apply to
the local Friendly's or McDonald'sr or
whatever else was once regarded as a nightly
tradition; to redecorated friends' houses and
redecorated friends; to the high school and
the after-school job we couldn't waitlto
leave; and to the ol'Main Drag itself with it s
fragmented neon rainbow that, for some
reason, doesn‘t quite look the same as when
we left it.

However. the return to that very familiar
house or apartment isstillan important part
of the whole excursion. There‘s now a house
across the street where there used to be an
empty lot. and even more importantl you
find out that you no longer have a room at
home because grandmother or somebody
else has moved in. It doesn‘t matter. All
that's really important now is getting some
food that wasn‘t cooked in barrels, But the
homecoming meal is never eaten in peace.
even ifyou‘ve been doing this shtick for four
yea rs.the de rigeut‘lexchange ofadvcntures.
information and gossip with the kin always
highlights the first few hours home. It might
as well-it'll probably be the only time during
the vacation you'll be seeing them.

Just like old times. right? Well. then. con—
ditioned instinct suggests a ride to whatever
parking lot you remember as the last town
social center. Sipping on :1 Tab or a Tequila
Sunrise. depending on the nature of the es-
tablishment that owns the parking lot. the
wait is hopeful for a familiar face or car.

().K.. so finally somebody comes by.

“Hey man. how ya doin“!"

“()h. all right. pretty good. y‘know.“

"I‘ar out...so. ya...uh. like it up there?“

“Yeah. it‘s llll right. lottawork.y‘kriow...‘
“Uh liuh...prr:tly good school. Buffalo.

ain‘t it?"

w, M u

 

 

RNWJ W prieoeulo:

STAR TREK
TWILIGHT ZONE

HITCHCOCK

Fri., Dec. 14

7:30, 10:00, 12:00

W. §HOW§ OF THE: leTIEf

“Obsession”
“A Most Unusual Camera“
“A World of his Own”

“A Night in the Jail“

Sat, Dec. 15

  

    

by Tom Tortorlcl '

‘9Unim. l uh'fgo to Albany. y‘know. by the
Capitol...“ '3 ~ '.

“Oh. right. uh.‘like it up there?"

“Yeah. it‘s all right. lotta work. y‘know..."

Well. that onefd idn‘t count. Never really
;hung out with him',‘.anyway. But then you
find that comm'unication with close friends
proves almost as fruitless. and you realize
that either you or they havegonc through
some changes since the last vacation.
Strange. Any attempt at conversation turns
into some form of reminiscence. drifting
back to summer nights ofSchacfer six-packs
or twig-filled ounces. But thisissupposed to
be like old times. all right. so you pool
resources and start flipping flip-tops or
begin filling pipes. Or both. But it's not. it‘s
not really the same. And youjustcan‘t figger
why.

If you‘re a freshman. the chances arcthat
you r first home-town visit will include a stop
at your old high school. If you‘re a college
upperclassmen. you probably know better.
The teachers that you so graciously decide to
drop in on are almost always busy with a
class. and overall. it seems that most of the
people who actually remember you are the
people who are at the school for the same
reason you are. On top ofall this. the Stu-
dent Council won‘t let you in to the Friday
Night Dance bacause you‘re no longer a stu-
dent there. Well. who cares. Who needs a
dipshit place like this. anyway. after being
exposed to ‘University Life.‘ Indeed.

Also expected. especially if it's not only
your first or second time home. is a visit to
the folks who work at the place where you
used to work. This can befun. except .if es-
timates of next semester's bills warrants a
few 8-hour days ofyour own to be put into:
some tedious though all-to—familiar task
there. Such is life.

Anyway. the last day of vacation always"-
brings mixed emotions. One final call on
your l21h grade buddy yields a truly
stimulating intercourse("Yeah. well. I'm
lcavin‘ today see ya,“ “Me too. Uh. havea
good trip"). And then, that last cruise
through town. of course it‘s
not what it used to be. For you. the only
thing left there is the memories Christ. is
that sentimental.

In any case. after an uneventful ride back
up to school. everyone gets to exchange
\aczrtioii exploits and events will the usual
excitement:

"If i. uh. how was your vacation?“

“Nor bad...Yoiirs‘.’"

"All rrgltt...Aftcr all. it was only a ride
Ironic."

mUMeLE

 

 

 

REDICK’S “
WINE AND LIQUORS

Lowest Legal Prices Permitted

on All Merchandise

A full Line of Whiskey and Gin, Vodka.
Foreign and Domestic Wines and Cordials

3 CENTRAL AVE

In N Y State

434-0474

 

 

 

PAGE FOURTEEN

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

W i
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1973

 

     
     

 

     

 

 

 

 

 

It was not a trivial observation. after
downing my fourth beer. thatsolutions soon
follow. In fact. it was the golden hue of this
particuar solution. that led me to a better
beer can ecology.

As I tossed aside my I ifth can. the problem
of solid waste first struck my roommate.
“You meatball! That beer can you tossed
just bounced off my head.“

“Sorry I was aiming for the garbage."

“I thought you ecology people were stip-
2posed to recycle your cans

“We try. btit other pcoplc don‘t "

“Well if beer cans were made of tut/ll. too
can he sure people woltln't littcr‘ "

lie was right! l‘ritlcrirahly. il bcci c.nis
' ircrc Illflfll‘ of gold— pcoplc_|t1~r totilrlri't .ll'
'lord to IitlcF-"llic'crin‘re '\t (inllltl I nic irscll L'dLll
 time! People would be riitn'c tliirii li.ipp\ In
5 pick rip Iittcrctl cans for their “iioimrial”
;.dcposit \oltic

“sagas

 

 

 

 

 

 

'unded hr SILK/PHI association

/

 

FRIDAY. DECISMBEH 'l, l‘ﬁ'l i

 

The Golden Solution To Pollution”

State Quad
U-Lounge

“Iliad

 

4933????3'83333‘3‘83

 

$619.8. .

 

Mouth

 

by (iary Selwyn and Bob Schiller

   
   
 
  
 
 
 
  
    
     

However. the price of a six-pack may ris
slightly ()Ii. about $90 (not including sale
his l of rib ich $88.50 is refunded upon return
of the empty cans! Who could afford not to
rct')clcl

Slightly tarnished by my sixth beer.
rc.iIr/cd this was-an crurronmcntalrst‘s gold
llllllL'. Imagine wrapping gumiii gold foil th
pcoplc couldn't bear to throw awa
\\l;tp]lt‘l\. .it 55 a stick!

r“|).nl. can I borrow $25 for a pack o
tJlllll rit

\t-rrotish. lliI\\C\cr. if we don't take riior
Illlt'lt'\l Ill i. . tiling orii empty cans and
llllllll\ ilicii tlicsc rcsourccs will ltccoiiic'

r.rrt .rx gold

\ulmt-tl \illllt'\\llill h\ tlicsc uncanny

 

ili.tir;iirs lL'.Illl\’|Ctl up the bccr‘ cans Iiorr '
iw rm: ’1|.Ilt s ilusct .nnl brought lllt‘lll tr ‘
tfi culturi- l\||l (lit the \\.i\. I noticed th
li. Illl\ i-I 'ln illltllttrl\ \h .illtliatglirtcrsis
m-i :.'nlrl

9pm - lam

 

Eastman Tower
Lower Lounge

Eﬂrihag Night
t 23111th 71h

$.50 with State Quad Card
$l .00 without

aeeaaeaoaaaeeacoeeeaazeeeaozoaaaeeeoaaeeeeeosel

Hobbits Are Hard To Break

151/. note: Them/lowing isa rule 0/th Hob-
Itilx. IlltM‘t‘ delight/ill IiIIIe creatures cream!
by .I.R.R. 7iJ/kft'll. II Iel/.r of their own
peculiar "It‘nure" .\‘_l‘.\‘l£‘lll. x/Jt‘ci/icu/fi' oft/re
r'uxt' o/ a particular (number of Ilieir com-
Iiiruiirr'. II f.\ Iiolcn'urI/rr' because ul'ilt'grrar
\iirii/m'irr In our Ult‘II Ir'nure tint-lent, um/
(‘l't’ll more .io. to (II leuxl one purlr‘i'u/rlr cure
iii I/ii.i t‘uir-crxilr.

Once upon a time. in the faraway land of
Hobbiton. there lived a young fellow named
Bilbo. Now this Bilbo was a likeable sun.
and was held in high esteem by all the
citi/cnry of Hobbiton. Now it seems in this
land that after five years of residence. each
member of the community must go before
the High Board. whereupon it would be
decided whether he was worthy to continue
as an accepted member ofthecommunity or
whether he shoud be expelled. lfallowcd to
remain. he would be promoted from the rank
of plebc to that of citizen and be granted
tenacity. Now it also seems (coincidencemo
doubt) that Bilbo had lived in Hobbitou for
lite years rind was going before the Iliin
Boa rd to have his fate handed down to him.

In spite of his most pleasant self. the Hiin
Board (or actually. the Lord of the High
Boa rd. who makcsallofthc decisions) Iourid
gricyotis fault with his person. In the first
place. Bilbo was known to have traveled far
and \\ idc and to |ia\c picked tip many queer
iilctrs Ill his tratcls. In fact. he was even
rtiriior'cd to Ii.i\c \ rsitcd the Iarid of Mortlor.
.irnl iiidccil to hate returned a lirll-llcdgctl
\lortlor’ist ((lli. tltctlristar’rlh lcllott!) ’vfoi-
tlilll\lll\\.|\lll_tllll)llllpttpllllll\\IllllllCllIl1ll
Board ol Ilobhirorr .irnl.ill thought to ltIlltt\\
ll\ pmcticcs \\L'lt' iIi-t-riicil unworthy of coir-
lllllllllll t’lll/t‘lll\ So llilho appeared to how
inn stirkc.rp.iiiisi llllll lit-loiclicc\cri \lflllL‘tl.

\o\\ iln- lligli llortrd docs not make its

oedeoeeoeaaaaeeaaoaeaooeeaeoooaaaaaoaoeaeaaoeaoeeaaease

thﬁatmaa - Hannukah 13mg

All the beer you can drink!

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

by Barry Bennett

decisions so indiscriminately. No. indeed.
You see. llll plcbes. in order to be retained
alter the five-year indoctrination period.
must show that they have contributed in
sortie worthy manner to the general well-
being of Hobbiton. Bilbo was it very well-
fund and learned man. He hitd done much
experimentation in the scientific field that
had pleased many of Hobbiton‘s finest
cili/ens. Hut llte trotthlc is thin the High
Board is not interested in the works of
science at all. You see. the High Board is
based entirely on fairy tales. so it wishes its
citi/enstodo their work in that field. Scien—
tific "‘ork is looked down upon and generally
considered a lot of nonsense. So poor Bilbo
didn‘t llfl\t‘ much of a chance iit all. He was
denied tenacity and sent to prick his bags.
But Bilbo wasn't ready to give up just yet.
Not old llilliolllc sent throughout the land
pieces of paper ask ing the Lord of the High
Board to let him stay in his home. and had
c\cr'_\ citizen of llobbitori sign one. The
High Board had warned that this was eiil
and showed the dcccptions of a true ‘vfor-
tloiist: Bilbo pcrsctcrcd nonetheless.

Ilic llobbitonrc texts are obscured and
nitrite :rltcrtliispoiiit. ltto separatceodings
to rlrc lolc would appear to be discernible.
llt‘llllL‘I ol which can be accurately \ouclted
loi Iltc first one is the refusal to alter the
tlccrsroii iir Ililho‘s CtlSL‘.lIllt.‘l'\\lllL'll ctiiiictltc
(treat I Iood and flic inundation of the land
of Ilohlirtrrn. llut tltc second tells of ti r’ctct'-
s.i|o| lllt'tlL'L'lslttIl.lttlltI\\Ctll1lillrtlllllglllitl
It.tt|\ tin.- Suit-ml historians lccl that it run)
lt.r\c Itct'ii lllL' p.rit_\ trig ili.it caused the (ircut
I llltltl \ilirlc orlrcrs doubt thc L'\I\IL'IICC ol
\llk'll .lll cicnt .it all Iliit ili.it is.iriotlici l.tlc
i.“ llli.‘\ s.r\t \ii\ \\.I\ , | “Mr Icotrld tcllyotr
\'\.lLll\ what \llll Ii.ippcii oii ili.it day III the

Lord of Ilolihitoii. \l.i~. rri)~cll.l do not
know \ mcrc gricss uoiiltl IN .1“ ili.it |

\tllllLl \t'lllllIL'

 

 

 

    
 
   

 

PAGE FIFTEEN

