 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

editorials fir letters

"An idea that Is not dangerous ls un-
worthy of belng called an Idea at all."
Oscar. Wllde

 

we  The Absurdity of the Affair

 

 

 

 

>75; cam/re WOR7'E. ..

FIB/WWW OUR

mam WR/7EI? 7'0? NOT REVEALWI‘I' HER Wﬁ

 

 
 

 

The Waterman case is finally over,

it has been some four months since the
Psychology Department opened the case
by deliVering its negatiVe recommenda-
tion. They said that the beleagured Assis
tant Professor should be denied both
tenure and promotion, and for Dr Carol
Waterman the future looked unpromising

Then followed Department Chairman
Tee-Van's letters of transmittal, and llll'
publishing of the "Waterman Papers" in
the ASP.

And the inVective against her became
stronger. Her opponents labli-(l her ri-
search “trivial”. They said she was unable
to work well with her colleagues And
they Claimed she was merely a "good"
undergraduate teacher

Fortunately for Waterman, not many
people belieVed the critics Not l'Vl'll IJi-an
llunsbergcr of the College ol Arls and
Sciences, who felt compelled to apiirovu
her for both promotion and tenure

'l‘he Hunsberger decision surprisi-(l
everyone, since he hail made some rather
unsympathetic statements about her case
He received her student supporters cooly,
and downplayed the importance ol the
2300 signatures collected on petitions
No one expected him to say “yes "

That was the turning point in the case.
Everyone expected Associate Dean
Melvni Burs to back Waterman But The
most Important influence on Hunsberger
appears to havu been pressure from stu
dents and the proponents of “strong
undergraduate teaching" Waterman '5 stu
dent testimonial» were all extremely
favorable, and it was obvious that she is a
top undergraduate teacher. To deny her
tenure would haw. been tantamount to
denying the importance of good under
graduate teaching llunsbergcr flatly
stated in his transmittal letter that he

 

   

The Waterman Lesson

‘ ' ' ' '  by Glenn uan Nosti‘lz

could not, in good conscience, do that.

The main issue was teaching ability. Try
as they did, 'l'eevan and thiI department
could not make a sufficiently big issue
out of research. Waterman effectively
defused that issue when she revealed the
Science Citation Index figures,

And her reas arch wasn’t really all that
bad in the ﬁrst place.

last but not least, Waterman won be
causc of the strong determination of her
student supporters to keep on pushing.
They claim that they would not haVc
lii-i-n dismayed even if Hunsberger, the
Faculty Personnel Committee and the
University Council had all voted against
her. One student leader later commented:
“The idea of givmg up never entered our
minds."

'l'hat Waterman ultimately got her way
is really quite amaring. 'l‘here baVi- been
many casualitics on the tenure and pro
motion battlefield this year, and
Waterman stands alone as one of the few
sanivors She is one of the remnants of
the Light Brigade.

Not coinCidi-nally, Waterman was the
one professor with strong student backing
and intensch media attention What
would hllVl‘ happened without all this
help is not difficult to picutri- All of the
transmittal letters iind all of the normally
unknown decision would hch been kept
quiet and locked away in metal file
cabinets.

ln iihort, there would hiiVi: been no
pressure on the administration. “or stu
dent supporters say that the lesson they
learned from the past four months of
activity iii that using such pressure brings
results, and as we ponder the other
controversial tenure cases iitill remaining,
that is ii Very good lesson to have learned.

r 9 i

I

  

A group calling itself the “Campus Coalition” is very angry this week.
And justifiably so. Many of the Coalition’s members used to work on the
now deceased publication, Suretfi're which had some $3500 left in lts
budget when it folded last month.

According to Coalition members, they were told that the left over money
would be donated to Medical Aid for lndochina in order to rebinld the
bombed Bach Mai Hospital, and for the Attica defense Fund.

The money was to be donated through honorariums for speakers from the
two above organizations: William Kuntslcr for Attica Fund and Noam
Chomsky for Bach Mai. '

The money, however, could not be appropriated until the speaking

engagements were formally arranged. Temporarily, the money from the
newspaper budget was returned to the Central Council’s budget.
The arrangements: for i the two speakers were soon concluded. Bur
around that same time Central Council voted its entire remaining budget
(including the Sweetfire money), consisting of over $10,000, plus an
enormous sum from Concert Board, to offer the Allman Brothers Band a
grand total of $36,000 to perform at the Palace Theatre one night in
March. The concert will cost tax card carrying students S4 to attend. and
$8 for outsiders.

Meanwhile, there is no more money left for the Bach Mai or Attica
Speakers, and the Student Association Emergency Spending Line now
stands at zero.

The absurdity of the whole affair is obvious. To spend $236,000 for one
band for one night, including inoncy originally promised for rebuilding a
civilian hospital and aiding poor pcoplc with legal advice is an obscenity.

This is. indeed, an insult to the entire University Community.

We await an explanation from Student Association lcadcrs.

How to Avoid a Board Hike

It now appears imminent that the FSA Board of Directors \‘Vlll approve .i
4% board hike this afternoon. meaning about $26 dollars will be tacked on
[0 your meal contract bill.

At first glance such a price rise seems cnrircly reasonable. Food prices. as
anyone regularly shopping in supermarkets knows. have risen dramatically.
Yer FSA Board rates have remained stable.

But FSA still has not plugged the one biggest drain ofclnad profits. which
is the money transferred to cover hundreds of thousands of dollars worth
of losses in such areas as (Iainpus (lcnier Food Operations and the
Bookstore.

In short, we can sec no justification for raising board rates while such a
drain on funds exists.

One alternative uppcars to he to turn the bookstore over to private
opi-raiors, who presumably would piisscss ihc cxpcrtisc to avoid many ol
the management blunch now cxpcricnci-d.

No longer would tlLlilll profits be used iii ciivcr thcssch bookstore liisscs.
Perhaps a hike ciiiild ll.I\’i' been avoided if such .iiiion hail already l)ct'll

taken.

"Happiness is Sharing"

'l‘clctlion '7.) kicks off tonight ill 8 PM, and coiiiiniii's non sliip Lllllll
tomorrow night .ll that same iinic .i Z-l hiiiir ni.ir.iini>n of singing. skiis.
(liilitlllg, and ihc annual pic iiirownig cvciit.

'l'clcihon is, indeed, llllt' of ilic bright spills lll campus lilc licic. livi-ix
year it iiinviniingly dcinoiisir 'i-s lll.ll students do. In liiii. lll.ll\(' .i inaloi
ioniribiiiioii to ilic L'iillllilllllll). l..isi year over SliiJlilii unis mixed, and ihi~.
year's ioi'liairnicn liopc lll.ll this amount i.in lii- signiliianil) siiipassi-il.
'l'lii- inonics are slated to go in llll‘ Willimlii'iiiik Silioiil llil lllt‘
(lt'VL‘lliPllll‘lll iil ll.lll(il(.l}l]‘l‘il i hililii-n.

'l'hc slogan is. "l lappincss ls Shai lug,"

Shaic .i lllllL‘ and be happy this \\’t‘t'l\4'll(l. (Lill -l5'/ 5W 53 oi ~lh'/’ 3‘) i/ .lllil
make your plcilgc, oi lll.l|l .i iloii.iiion lIi Box 075 lili. SlINY Allniiiy.

lilllli,

 

 

Technical
iiili uiiii'.li
by i liall
liaiiy wciiiei

Advertising
liiiila iiiiili?
Iinda desiiiond

Business

I'illlllifi’ll “I I‘ll fi
Ldilor —iri—Cliicf

5 ' i ll .. .
(Jaw “(Halal Ldlllon‘” Pdl’L:‘ (.Irculation pliil mark
g min vun nos I l ‘
Am, AW“ W00“ Ad Production
Lxchangc debbie kaenieii

News
aim i: bunker
riioiiiy allnian
kalhy uckeilc
Off Campus
bob inayei
hairy 5Cllwdlll

andy pulley

bill Iiiina
Sporis

bi H( U llliltjtjlll

ken .iiLliiino
Preview

ltl‘illt: ilavu.

niaik lilcoluky
Photography

1in iiiseiibi-ii;

(lavid slnwuky

sheila ui herikcin

ii.in bll‘.‘illlilfl
Classilicd Ads

talhy gaiiek
Graffiti

l noel i
5P I w ||lll|‘ill)lléy

iiilunl (as

Editorial Board ili-ti‘riiiines policy. Office. (“5320 Phone. 467 2) 90

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Release of POW's No

Time to Celebrate

by Robert Mayer

Captain James R. Shiver stepped off
his plane arriving from the Philippines
and told reporters and those who came
out to welcome him at Travis Air Force
Base that, “We want to let the sweet
molecules of life flow over our bodies,"

Navy Lt. Cmdr. Everett Alvarez was a
prisoner of the North Vietnamese for is”,
years. He had been shot down over the
‘iulf of Tonkin in l96il and two years
ago his wife remarried after getting a
divorce. Alvarez told a crowd, “For years
and years we dreamed of this day, and we
kept faith - faith in God, in our Presi-
dent, and in our country."

Within the next few weeks, all 5015 men
will have left their prison camps of
Vietnam and returned home. They will l)l'
quickly wisked away by military infor-
mation offlCers whose job il l.\ lo keep
most information away from the hands of
the press. Presumably, they too will talk
about their faith in President Nixon, (ind,

and their country.
*5" ﬂip.“

When the first men came off their plain-
from Hanoi and landed at Clark Air Force
Base in the Philippines, there was not a
reporter around that had dry eyes. Uni»
reporter there wrote, “It did not nialii-r
whether the war was moral or not, [.01
the editorial writers argue about that. li
did not matter that the grey-faced mi-n
stepping off the hospital planes from
Hanoi had, perish the thought, dropped
bombs on innocent civilians if, lllflt't‘il
there are any innocents left in War.

Of course there are people in llli\
country who will honestly pi-risli llll'
thought of tons of bombs dropping on
innocent civilians. But their one t'.ill l‘il‘vll\
get side-tracked, espousi- more l'llt'llil‘li'
on the nature of the war, and (hid knows.
We all have hail enough of that from .ill
tliosc editorial writers.

*4*>’*

ll is no wonder that the release oi llli‘
fillll l‘UW's has brought so llllll'll i'inoliiiii
and humility back into thi- beams of ihis
nation. More than anything else, lllt‘st'
men came to syniliolm- a continuing
Vietnam war. How many limi-s \vi‘ri- w:-
informed by our president that lllt‘ l'iill'
issue was the basis of an honorable pear-e"
How many Americans won- on llll' rillllh
bracelets inscribed with the muan oi llll'll
captured by the communists? llow lll.il|\
bumper stickers, editorials, speeches, .niil
letters were written in their beliall" So
now the happy tears of Americans, llll’
red-carpet treatment, the new li‘orils I‘m
the POW's, the personal Victim llil
Richard Nixon and Henry thhlllgl'i, wrll
give the Vietnam war the kind ofilignin
ll never achieved on the battlefield.

*#**w
Unfortunately the fanl'ari- and hiqiillnii-s
surrounding the return of thesi- ini~ii has
hl'rvcd to blinil many from some lliillllili'
realities. What about the more lliali
lllU,000 wounded men who get no
ri-(lrcarpi-t treatment ilowii thi» t'tillllllll\
of sonic Veteran's Ailinousiiaiioo
hospital? Many who liavn- liml [hm .iIlllb
and legs couldn't even drive a lll’Vt' l‘tilll ll
llll'y received one.

l‘VH'd Shadld, a former hilllllt‘l, no“ Ill .i
VA hospital in Chicago, said, "I'm glad in
see lhc fiirmcr prisoners iii'i'i-pl llll' \\.l|ll
robes, automobiles, aiiil llll‘llllll‘ Iii-ki-l
Iii major league l)ilht‘l)i|ll liaiks, liiil \\'ll.il
about ")0 and the num- than llillIH'll
Wounded like myself who ll‘llllllt'il Io ..
lli|ll' weli'iiini- Willi only scars .Illll ili~.
ability payments."

lton l’ilni-r, an ('X'lll‘illil‘l' illl(l illlllllllt'l',
lb lilttci' towards his country and liiiitsi-ll.
|'Ur ever fighting in Vietnam He told a
friend in u Di-nwr hospital, “I hl‘t‘ llll'hl‘
lltlyb getting off the Dlillll‘h wrlh iril
Outputs, and new cars, and smiling, and
the" l look iit my life and feel thal no
one really gives a damn and after illt‘

by Douglas [e Comte

Well, now some ambitious government
agency in Washington has thought of the
answer to the “vast wasteland" of TV
programs that we poor souls are eternally
forced to watch: have the government
operate its own network with a hookup
on each and every private TV set. It turns
on autiimaticallyvso we'll have to watch.
This way we ostensibly get tuned into the
lati-sl impending natural disater news
threatening us luckless souls living near
flood prone valleys, burning timberlands,
cascading mud slides, invading tsetse fly
orgies, or whatever.

This proposal for a gOVi-rnmenl network
was reported last fall in The New York
Times, hut incredulous reporters caused
White House aides to deny it was being
given serious lhonght. This is just one
example. however, of how government
liiircaui-rals. Ill their zeal to protect the
(‘lll/.4‘ll.\, have come up with ideas that
would bring ltlrlil chillingly close

In 'l'cxas [here Is ii town where an
automatic camera perched above the
streets laki-s snap shots of “spi’edi'rs.”
'l'hi-si- incriminating photos are mailed to
the offender's home along with a sum-
iniins Trouble is, the guy's Wife may
l)]lt‘ll lll\ mail first and wonder who that
llll'I' blond was in hubby 's Plymoulh Bul
ll is for our own grind, iil~ course, so it's
all right

The gori-rnnii-nl lianni-il cigarette ail-
\‘l‘l’llslllu (iii l‘\' ll was nice of them lii
lulu". such good care of us poor fools who
don't know what's good for us. So more
people are smoking now than ever before.

The government is trying more and
mon- in make our lives happier and
lll'.tllllli‘l l.ul Willi less and loss success In
ni~.ii|\ l'\l'|'\ instance the ideas have not
\Ullll‘ll .lllll ill the process Wi“\'(' liisl
iniii-li iiI oiii freedom to lth‘ our own
l|\1'\i|.\\\‘l'\1'(‘ lil

.\-. iiill gini-rnmi-nl gets bigger and
'iiggi-i il l‘ lll‘.lllnu its ('lll/J'nh niiiii- and
more lllil' I'lllllln'” boys and girls in
l.ili,!llll lvl making up llii-ir iiwn iiiiiids oi'
i-.-liilnlnig .ill\ some of selfrcliancc or
ii‘«.yiiilislli|lll\ .v\ll laws, riili's, regulations,
and siillllldllls si-l up by governinenl
.Illl'lll'll“ ili-signi-il lo lll'tlll'l‘l lhi- inilivid
«ill liiiiii hiiiisi-ll' iiri' nianifi'slnliiiiis of
mp, li.|l||ll.lll\lll

ll k lit'i‘ll \Hlll us for a long linii- All the
l.i\i.~ l‘lllll'l‘l'lllllu crimes \iillioiil rii'liins
are I"..illl[)l1'\ If I desire Iii snioki' ilIii-il

Big Brother and Pater/inol’iSm

poison sumac leaves or have I perverted
relationship with my gerbil,- l'm not
hurting anyone else but mad! (Ind may-
be my gerbil) and it should be outside the
realm of the law to punish me. Lawn
concerning private use of drugs, sex bet—
ween consenting partners, gambling, pros-
titution - these are all law; based on the
notion that government authoruies know
what's best for me. This is pa‘tel‘nalism.
These laws inhibit our freedom ofvchoice,
invade our privacy, encourage police car-
ruption, and contribute to lack of respect
for the police and government authority
in general.

There are other examples which inhibit
freedom of choice which are less discuss-
ed but perhaps more insidious.

First off there's the safety thing. Close
behind Motherhood, the Flag, and Apple
Pie comes Safety, an: institution so
secure that the most ridiculous ideas, the
most stupid suggestions, can be taken
seriously by otherwise rational beings if
it‘s in the name of safety. For who can
attack safety? To do so is tantamount to
trcason. The cars you buy in the future
will cost hundreds of dollars more be
cause of federally mandated “safety”

equipment. Those atrocious look iigh
impact bumpers on the 1973 ‘ mt
money, and the car compani. .iren't

going to absorb the costs (nor should
they). You will. Estimates for 1975 cars
run as high as twice the cost of 1972 cars
clue to govornment regulations on safety
and emissions. And you won't have any
choice in the matter. The government
figures we're all spastic clods who are
better off riding around in padded Sher-
man tanks "Safety" for the masses. How
about encouraging, instead, personal res-
ponsibility with better driver training?

How about skid schools? Master Driver
Licenses? But no. We're all immature
children who don‘t know wrong from
right so we must be protected from
ourselves. (Jan you imagine federal super
safety cars that are supposed to absorb all
those bumps and grinds that most of us
try to avoid now?

The Department of 'l‘ransportation is
spending $2.15 million to make further
studies of :i full-lel' family Experimental
Safety Vehicle, according to “Car and
Driver" magazine. All they really have to
do is take apart a NASCAR racer to see
how to burld a safe car. Why is it the
people who protest pentagon spending
don't attack this other government waste?

 

. ilrrn .i ii» my ‘illlviil

 

 

WM JOHNSON 73

 

 

paiaili i-. owr lill ol us who were assii
i'i,ili~il uilli lllt' w.ii Wlll only llllVl‘ our

iiii-.i'i\

i\iiil llli‘ll we lli|\'t‘ tho»- that Nixon says
iiiiinlii-i .i ll‘W lIlllllll’l‘ll bill in {Philly
lilillilll‘l .oini-thing new 50,000 who
ll.|\|' Ii ll llien i'Ulllllfy, gone underground
or lllllhl'll pol, iatlii-r lliiin fight in ii war
lll which they did not l)l'llk‘Vt‘. ()ur Pri~~
'illll'lll sayi. hi- Will fl‘luhl‘ thi-rn amnesty
llll various ii-asons. It would establish ii
lilt'l‘l‘tlt‘lll, lll’ claims. But Nixon never
was one loi‘ iiccuriicy, and was soon
inloinii-il lhal other presidents, including

 

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 23. 1973

licorgc Washington, Abraham Lincoln,
and I’riiiiklin D. Roosevelt had agreed to
some kind of "forgiveness."

We can not look at the release of our
POW's as iiri isolated Victory or cele-
bration. It is only the tip of the iceberg
that covers ten years of great agony uiiil
cruelty. There are thousands and thou-
sands of people in this notion today who
can never forget all that this fanfare, this
celebration, this euphoria, is attempting
to erase.

0 b O

ALBAN Y STUDENT PRESS

It seems it you cloak 'youi- mildew:
with high sounding humanitarianbbipﬂ-
ives you can get away with anything.
Government "standards" forced upon
business lead not only to higher prices for
the consumer, but also to a lessening of
variety and quality in the goods pro-
duced.

A drug company, for imtance, has little
incentive to produce a really innovative
and superior product, since an FDA
bureaucrat must approve it ﬁrst. Civil
servants look upon everything innovative
with grave suspicion (playing it safe is the
way to get advancement in the federal
bureaucracy) so the product will not be
accepted, or else it will be put through an
expensive series of tests and experiments.
Ultimately the drug company may decide
it is just not economical to produce
anything really innovative, Milton Fried-
man, well known free-market economist,
recently pointed out in a Newsweek
article that this kind of government inter-
vention has probably kept life saving
drugs off the market for years, resulting
in much higher drug prices as well as loss
of life among those who could have
benefited from such drugs if they had
been introduced sooner on the market,

Under paternalism (an important
characteristic of welfare statism) the gov-
ernment can take care of your health
needs and retirement days and may even
buy you a nice marble slab when you
finally kick the bucket. No, we haven‘t
gone quite that far yet here, but it's an
idea that appeals to many,

But you don‘t get something for noth-
ing. Remember, what the government
subsidich imcluding its citizen), it can
manipulate ll' Washington must pay for
your health needs, then they can and will
make sure you do what they think is
healthy for you. This would give govern-
ment still further incentive to censor TV,
movies, and hooks (for your own good,
of course) and make rules deciding wlial
food you can cal, drugs you can take. and
which bicycle you can ride and what car
you may drive

GOVl’l‘lllnI'lll control, whether it's in the
guise (ll consumerism, safely. welfare. or
humanitaiiznnsm, iivenlually diminishes
private iiicenich, freedom of choice
healthy conipclilion on lhc free market,
individual rusixatsibility and, in the final
analysis, the quality and exidement of
living.

r t '

 

 

The Return of Peioin

by Gary Ricciardi

Petain's body has been found it was
found just lying around.

French Marshal Petain, World War l
hero of Verdun and World War ll Fascist
collaborator, was stolen from his i'Xile's
graVe last Sunday night, and found by the
gendarmery in Paris, Wednesday The
lhcft was apparently masterminded by
Hubert Massol, a righl Wing candidate for
next month's national elections. Massol
wishes to see Petain's reputation reliabili-
tated, and his body buried at Verdun-~the
battlefield where 400,000 died, and Po
tam wanted to be laid.

Massol and four fellow diggers have
been arrested, but the arrest doesn‘t soch
Prime Minister Poinpidou‘s problem of
what to do Willi the remains Whether he
returns Pelain to his traitor's gravv or
inters him at Verdun. he will antagonize
segments of the French population

So far, l‘etain himself has behaved with
more circumspection than he did while
alive; he may be the only one to emerge
from the i‘ontrichrsy surrounding him
unscathed. There are few more difficult
lessons any public figure must learn than
how to behich with eouanimity in critical
situations, and Petain's behaVior can
teach something to Us all

When all the world Is talking at odds,
when eVery poor man and woman is
striking out in anger and being struck
back in return, when, as Mclvdle said, the
"universal thump" is being passed
around, that individual Will surVivc who
can quietly recline and stare blunkly
ahead.

One, if he is as fortunate as Petain,
might cven get to go to Paris.

 

 

PAGE ELEVEN

  
  
 
 
    
   
 
  
 

1“

’1‘1‘. :5 ﬁxerwz‘dh

.‘r‘

‘.

