 
 
  

  
  
   
    
   
   
 
 

I.
i
l

ant-«w

 

 

 

 

by Ksthy'Eckerle ‘ ‘

Hello. I’m a senior at Albany State and 1 vol-
unteered my time tonight to help the Alumni
Association in their annual fund drive.

Eighty-three alumni and ninety-four students
manned telephones in Fulton's lower lounge over
the past two weeks during the Alumni Association's
first Phonothon. The project was the first step in a
two-year campaign to raise $176,000.

This year's Phonothon is raising money to build
an Alumni House-Conference Center on campus.

The AA needs a “symbol of involvement" on this
campus. If, at the same time. such a symbol could
provide the conference and hospitality facilities that
the Campus Center lacks, their “involvement”
would not only be relevant but very appreciated.
This is why the Center was chosen as the project's
goal.

You received information in the mail aboutthe
Alumni House-Conference Center? But you don ’t
understand why this facility is needed.

Some of the alumni objected to the Center. They
pointed to newspaper articles about students were
abandoning the dorms for apartments. A common
question — "If the dorms are empty, why do you
need a conference house?"

Phonothon Volunteers quickly out lined what has
happened with Mohawk Tower. Students may not

Patch. Just hug, next to your person,
a record bunch of empty Bud. cans.
Record to beat is 38.

" 'I  Nets 

want to live there, but academic departments are
vieing for the space. By fall 1973 the entire building
is expected to be ﬁlled to capacity.

Once reassured of the validity of the project, most ‘

alumni are willing to pledge, even if it was only a
small amount.

Would you like to give your pledge now?

During the seven nights, $22,300 in pledges were
taken and 40% gave unspeciﬁed pledges. On one
night alone, $4,100 was taken in for a record high.
Only 20% of the alumni called did not wish to make
a contribution.

Paul G. BUIgel', the national chairman of the
Annual Fund Steering Committee, attributes the
Phonothon's success to the "fantastic" enthusuasm
oi the volunteers. With Joy Longo (alumni) and
Aralynn Abare (students) as co-chairman, their corp
of volunteers reached approximately 3,000 alumni
across the country. Psi Gamma and Chi Sigma Theta
both took a night to man the phones and prizes
were given each night to the alumni and student
who took in the most pledges and made the most
money.

The total count is not in yct, but the Alumni
Association is well on the way to meeting their goal
of $175,000.

You 'll pledge $250 now?!

Believe it. It happened...to me.

TURN THOSE USELESS SKILLS ‘i

INTO HANDSOME
BUDWEISEIZ. PATCHES

For example, if you can hug cans pretty good,
you can wear a Budweiser World Champion

  
 
 
 
 

 

   
   

BUDWEISER
WORLD CHAMPIONSHIPS?
WHAT’S GOING ON?

Oh, happy (lily. At last someone is doing
something positive about. the current
world shortage of champions.

Budweiser is sanctioning livc absurd (events
in which cullcgc youths can set records and
earn wonderful, big Budweiser patches
(7"x6”, wunhiiblc, gcnuinc colors).

(Maybe you've detected that
this is not on official, rigid-rules
"contest." But it is a lot of fun,
even if you can't break the
records. You can, though,
can't you?)

Besides the breathtaking BUD-(TAN HUG
above, there are [our other ways to be a World
Champion. Cot details III. your favorite beer
store where you soc tho "Budweiser World
Championship" display!

 
 

Do one, bout. the record, (all us about it on
a postcard and got your mnrkur pen rondy
for Inncribing your particular specialty

Iicnciith whom It says “World Champion."

 

TO GET YOUR BUDWEISER

W8 BRIE

edited by Danny Ross

 

International

BUENOS AIRES

Terrorists firing point-blank assassinated an army intelligence
chief Wednesday in the latest episode of violence in advance or
a Peronist takeover from Argentina’s military government,

The manager of an American bank branch was freed, meun-
while, but a U.S. business executive and a retired Argentine
admiral are still being held.

Each new not of violence generated reports that the govern-
ment will annul the election that game Peronists the presidency
after seVen years of military rule. '

Their candidate, Hector .l. Campers, is to be inaugurated
May 25.

The junta, however, issued a communique soon after the assas-
sination, saying “nothing and no one" will frustrate the win of
pie as expressed in the March 11 elections.

the pea
AP

National

WASHINGTON

The consumer and the meat industry kept their thumbh
jammed against opposite sides of the meat scales today and my
impasse left retail prices relatively unaffected by the nulmnwnli.
boycott.

Meat sales, however, continued to reflect a severe cut, ranging
from a 40 per cent drop for some grocers to 70 per cum all Ihc
packing house.

“We butchers are keeping ouch other company out Iii-rig" .....i
J. Luther Hinds, owner of Hinds Meats in Los Aliﬂl‘ll'h “(m-r
the counter business is down 30 or 40 per cent."

\l’

WASHINGTON

Rep. Charles B. Rimgcl, D-N.Y,, said Wednesday ln- i~ .pp...
heading an investigation by tho Congressioner Black l‘mn-n. nun
“reasons why most of the U.S. prisoners of war i'l‘ll‘llv'll I.\ vln
North Vietnamch and Vict (long have been whitv."

Ranch also said he has written Sccretary of Dull-mix Him I,
Richardson domanding an accounting of black si-rvn-vinvn up
luri'd by thi- uni-my or declared missingvin-action Ill \‘n-lmm

“All of us in tho black community have lnwn .I\'..II| -1-...I
throughout lhv Vietnam conl'licl black Huldll’rs Imvv lu-vn l‘. -,I u
portionatcly rl-prcsuntod on the ground combat l'runl Inn III
Range] in il statement.

\I‘
WASHINGTON
'l‘lu- Star Kisl Luna fish that sickcncd mori- Ilinn :‘uu ',lll 
bufol'l' it was rul'allcd was rottcn at the lime II \t.|\ i..nn.-.I .

government investigation has determined.

A Food and Drug Administration investigation \lll|\A\ >1... Km
pnl‘kud the fish in two lols at its American Samoa p|.nu I: .I:
Iloy of the I’D/Vs office of compliance said in an IIIlI'l\II".‘. inn
the fish was so (Iccomposurl that a truinod inspiwlur “mild Ina
been able to sun-ll it.

Asked about the rusultrl of the investigation, ’llnnm \I'LIII
manager of marketing for Star Kist, said, “wr- lmw- .III l.m.l ul
quality control. How that occurrcd, we don‘t know '

\l’
WASHINGTON
South Vietnamese President Nguyen Villl 'l'hu-n  ‘Iu‘ ’
Cambodia falls under Communist mihlury pri-ssini- u ml: in
come ii threat to his country‘s Sl'Cllrlly.
Aftcr two days of summil Lulin with I’I‘i'hltll'lil Nnun II III"
California WIIIU' House, tlu- South Victnnmr-si- ll‘llill‘i .nnl \Iw

'l'hiun arrived hcriI late Wednesday for ll'll‘l'tlngh wuh mnul‘“

sionul lazuli-rs, the press and financial authoritu-S um I"'-"-"‘

reconstruction Ill Indochina.
In an lllLl'erl‘w, 'I‘hll‘ll acknowledged ('(Hll't'rll l)V('l lIn- Inl"
'l‘..m

munist offensive now under way in Cambodia Iii-mnv
bodili is my nulghbor. If (Inmbodin falls It Will In- .I 'IIII‘.II In

Viutnnm "
\|‘

WASHINGTON

Directly challenging I’rl'kidi‘nl Nixon, llu- IIUIIM' linnlnny
mitten is n-i'ommciuling that prices, rents and LnI-vr-wl I‘ll“
turned to levels of Jun. II). the din before the pumidvnl Huh"
Phone 1! cconomu~ controls.

lull

Th“ WW" I?! IH'IHII'II for n lllillM! flour I'Iglll, liltilh.|lll\ .Imn'
April 17.

Nixon wants only It” extension of hn. disru-Imn..n mum”
P‘IWI‘I‘N. WIIH'II \‘XDII‘I‘ lit IIII‘ end of llllli month. “I

WASHINGTON

Ally. (ion. Richard (E Klennlu-nsl says the anhv In- W

 

Edward Cowley

 

 

Louis Ism ay

Environmental Awards Presented

Preceding Ralph Nader's speech Wednes-
.l.1y, I’YE I’rcsidcut(icorge Kclcshian intro-
duced and thanka the four men who
ln'lpcd “ch PYE lngcthcr."

Iidward P. (:owlcy “gave I’YE a home
wlu-n no onc t'lbt' would havc it." His
ian-rL-sl, however. goes much deeper than
that. The Chairman of illt‘ Arr Depart-
nn-nl slurred the I'lnviromm-nml Decisions
Commission and .lﬁblbl'l'tl 1n the formations
of I’YF. Club and [hr

Forum. His annual “Iinviroluut'nl As Art"

Enviromiwnlal

exhibit in his hometown of Almmonl has
gann-d him recognition us not just an art;
ist. but .15 ill! t‘IIVll‘lllliilt'llldllbl and (Hit
L‘l‘rllk'tl cum-n.

Rubcrt Kit-now is the inspirational lender
lu‘liilltl [IIL' environmental nlovcmL-nt at
SUNYA. both on a personal Icch with
cat'll sthIL'ni and through his association
with [Ilt' Environml'mnl Forum. I‘Ilh novel,
.Ihum'ul ill Illt‘ Sun, has won him ILIIIUILII

recognition as it” environmcntulisr.

Jon Scott has just bccn appointed thc
director of the now Environmcninl Sludics
I)cp;irtmcnt. just out ninl‘c credit to his
long IISI of ilCL'UlllplISIIITIL'IIIS. Advlscr in
I’Y E from Its beginning and Ilt'dtl of lilXT.
IIL‘ has wurkcd Lloscly with students from
an administrative Vicwpnlnt. His ndvicr has
bt't'll inIIln-minl in many HI I’YI3\ sul‘
(L'SSL'S.

'I'hc hm honorcd by I’YE rcu'lvcd .I
standing ovation from [In' nudicnl’c Linux
I". Ismay. As I’YE .ldviscr smu- I‘lii‘) and
director of [Ilt' Enviroimn-mal Forum. IIIS
office: has Iwcn [lu' (cull-r of I’YF. activity
livcr the past I‘lilll' years. Ilt' has spt'nt
thousands of hours in the L-nviromncntnl
movcmcnt Willi students. and is tonsi-
(It‘l‘t'tl llll‘ unvn'lmmcnlnlisl on “lupus.

Hub of [he mcn rcccivcd a potted plant
and \L'I‘UII thanking them for service to

PYF. and the l-nvironnu-nt.

Women's Workshops

This Weekend

by Patti Maslinoff ()n lllk'bklily. April II). the
SUNY (bonus on Women's
l'lll Ihosc who arc concerned Rights is \pnilhllllllg an mImmnl

oi lusl ililL-Icslcd ill Ilu' iolc ol "gel iogcth-I” IIII under

\vonn-n. picscnl or Iulmc. lIilSlS gladuzilc women In Inch Wllll
pL'IMIIlIIL'I from IIIL' I’Iutl'nn'nl

()lllcc, II is cullllcd ".loh Rap

th' \vcckcnd Io L‘KPIHIL' mr
It'll-us. gum lnlulmzillon, :nnl
L‘xl‘hangi'lduais \VIlhnIhcls Ioi Womcn \VIIL'IL' |)o WL' (in
I‘Iom SHINY/V" and will Ir-
ln-Id m IIn' Ilnmnnllu'x lounge

Aplll ll, 7. .nnl It Is Women's
Works-nil Winkxhnps. lcclmcx.
.nnl l'IlIl'IIJIIIIIIL'llI wrll bu lit-Id .ll l ll) I)l\\ll\.\l|lll wrll LL'nlL-I
llnoughoul llic wr'vkcml '[npiu mound lob llllpllllllllllh‘\ .mll
LUVL'I .l vusl langcolli'nngmany problems Inn womcu wnh .l
IlIlL'IIClUl '\ ill-glut

MS. IIIIS Kilxll'piIWIi'h lllIL‘ Ill

(Illilllllllillllt‘) In III\’L'.\IIIliIlt' .m
.um ol \pL'L‘lnI lnlcicsl II erI
.lU]l|.IlIII Ilnm‘ who .ul‘ llIil him [he lilgdlll/UM. l'splnnn'd |I|.l|
|I|.Il u'IlIl lln' Wumcn‘x Mow women Will] .I liA Il.l\ lll't‘ll
mum in II Ii should pn'wul Iu'u' "gm-n lhc shrill" wln-n looking
rill-as in mplmd lulu-mix mmbhs l... pilis. 'I'lu‘) .nc llllk'lt‘tl lunch
IlL‘lI |HIM IIII IIIHW it"llith‘ WI“) mg, alrwuidcss and \l'llt'lilllill

Il.lVl‘I|\'l’l||[l\’liIVl'(l robs alllhough mcn Willi an

cqmvalcni dcgicc .nc lllll’IL'll
undiagcnul plISIIlltllS. “'Iln- pm»
blcm." said Sklcpown-h. " I\ In
Imd nib» which illl' .lppiopunu-
lul lllc educational level lrllIlL'l
lll.lll lo lit-gale lln- meaning nI .r
collt'gc cducallon " Slu- \llI'\SL‘tI.
"This Is no! .I nvu problem.
whal is nun is lli.u we .uu lumg
Io do wun'lhmg .ilmul ll WIIIII
.m- we :lsluiiguhnl Lnn l’l;uL‘
munl oIlL-i .h .l whnion" In
\\h.lI way din-s l’l.ncmcnl lCIdll'

lo lhc llllsllll'sx wuild‘l”

In Iln- woman uniIL-igmduulu
who is mnrcnml .IIIUllI .I pro
blx'm whuli has Ii.i<liln~n.ill'. phi
glu'll IIIL‘ woman gi.nlu.ih~. Ilns
LIISL’IISSIUII should In- nl gmu

benefit.

 

c FREE RIDE 0R GAME

TlITlE-OUT FFlfT'IILY FlmU/EmEnT CEnTEfl  E E c

Robert Rienow

 

l’rcsldcnl licnczcl.

Mum

 

Behavioral Enaineerinq

by Sue choff

Twin Oaks. at unnnnnnc Ill
Inmsa. Virginia. WIllL'Il :illcmpls
Io pul lnlo pliIL‘IICC the ideals sci
loiih by bchnvnnal psychologist
Ill" Sknnn-l Ill lhc mich Wu-
ILIl'II 'I'WH. was Illt' whit-cl of
u IL'cluiu sponsored by (Killicxls
IIISI 'I’ucsdny. 'lhc speaker. Ms
IAN WISC. IS lIII iIClIVL' IIIL‘IIlllCI (ll
'Iwm (inks.

Ms Wlsc explained In llu' slu-
llcnls who filled I.(' Ih' Ill.ll
'I'wm Oaks was an onlglowili of
.l [Wm academic conference nil
ll‘ulilwl 'I'u'u 'Iwm (Inks was
Illlllltll‘ll by eight pL-opll' and
now has il7 IHL'IIIIWIS. unludmg
.l ItilL"|Il|)illlI old mlanl.

III Skinner. [he .mlhoi nl
Wall/wt 'I'uw docs not lwIn-vc lil
IICC Will. Inslcud, he pIL-dn'uu'x
Ins Ihmncs on lhc lilt'd Ih.il
proph- inn In' Loinhlioncd In do
.mylhlng He calls llm unannou-
mg “In-Immoral L'ngun'L'img " In
lln- novel. members ul lln- mm
muml)’ known .IS Wuldcn ll .llL‘
"engineered" In lend uselul. sul-
lslylng IIVL‘S Ilom lln- day llicy

.Ilt' boin

     
       
       

CAMP COUNSELOR OPENINGS
UNDERGRADUATE STUDENTS

(Mn. ..l W l completion oi at Icon i not cl Solon)

GRADUATE STUDENTS and racum MEMBERS
THE ASSOCIATION OF PRIVATE CAMPS

. . . comprising 330 outstanding
and Co-Ed Camps, located throughout the New England. Mid-

Smith Tenure Denied

()n 'I‘ncsdzly mghl Ihc ('ouncrl on I’romolion and (‘ommumg
Appomlmcnls voted (1-4 against Icnmc to Curl Smilh. The case now
goes to In VIL‘L‘ President of Academic Affairs Philip Sirolkln and lo

'I'wm Oaks runs on lwo foun-
dalums. They illl.‘ the labor cred-
ll syslcmand th' plilIlIlL‘l‘lllilllil-
gz'r system. There Is a munzlgL'I.
chosen for "expressed mlcrcsl
and ability," in charge ol cuch
uclivny ul 'l‘meaks. from farm-
mg to icucanon. Planners. who
scrvc IIllL‘L' lil ll llillL‘ on a rolli-
lion bums. xcl policy, choose
Inunugm. and sclllc disputes.

’I lu- lubowlcdll system "is th‘
way we divrdc up our wink AI
lhc beginning of the week. each
nmnagci lums III a requisition
Ioi how much work they‘re go-
ing to III‘L‘LI 1n lhcn‘ area. .lhcn
mush nnllvulual member [Inns in a
SlgllAllli shut-I telling us how
many Ll:in they're going lo be
th-ic WUlhlilg on the labor-L’ch-
11 syxlcm Fol each member we
.IISU have a nnllllx lcllmg m
WIllL'lI work they enjoy mos! on
down In which work lhcy emu}
hum "

"You gcl L'iL'lIll for Work dc-
pL-ndmg on how dcsuablr oi
livelsn'c 11 Is to you personally."
Ms Wise uscd herself .I.\' no ca»
.nnplc, L'Xlilllllllilg llnu she gol

continued on page four

Boys. Girls. Brother-lists:

i

  

WORLD CHAMPION PATCH
(EVEN If YOU DON'T SET A
RECORD), JUST WRITE YOUR
NAME, ADDRESS AND WHAT
YOU DID ON A POSTCARD.

 

 

SEND
IT TO

I’UWlfr Lo urn-ht White Illllltil' union who ri-I‘uw -.n|:I"""'
“Wily 0n the Wiilurgntc can»,
but Son. Sam .I. lllrvin .lr., clnilrmun of the \‘I’nln'iwl'
W'III‘II (“minimum any» tho attorney gl-ni-rnl It» "i-ll~.n|\ wle
In” ‘II'II’HU' cumo chnusduy on four llll'll i-onniiml in IIII’
hr‘mk I” ""‘I I’lllililnll of tho Dvmncrnlu' IllIIlUlliil Iii-.nlilI'-I"""‘ "
“I” WI‘II’VIUIII! building agreed to talk to ii federal “land um “I

mum

 

/

 

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

.— ...—,"‘2: as... aw V: '

FRIDAY,I\I’I<11,(;, 1971’)

 

 

    

/

L. -..L_.

ZO'UCO
\

il()()lt 'I‘IIIIII Hill/73

 

  

Wl’. |k|€SIiI<VIi 'I'I Ill I(|(ll l'l' '|'() l.|MI'I' NI). ()I? (‘l)ll|’l INS I'I'ZR l’l'lltSlIN

ZO‘UCC

(‘Ah'll VALIII'Z l/Ill MII.

 

 

FRIDAY, APRIL. 6, l97'o'

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

    
    
     
    
      

dis Atlantic states and Canada.

. . . INVITES YOUR INQUIRIES concerning summer employment as Head
Counselors. Group Leaders. Specialties. General Counselors.

Writs, Phone, or Call In Person
Associotlon of Private Camps — Dept. C
Mani-II M. Alexander, Enwliu Director

55 West 42nd Street, OX 5-2656, New Yorli 36, N. Y.

PAGE 'l‘I-le‘ L'il‘

..

 

 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
   
 
    
 
  
 
  
 
  
   
 
  
   
       

