   
   
       
 

   
 

t
i

  
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
  

  

  

  

     
  
 

  
 

  
   
  
 
  
 

   
  
 

   
          
     
 
 

  

   
    
    
 
  
     
   
    
      
       
      
        
   
 
 
     
   
 
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

In response to the fabricated statements
made by Miss Francisca Senhouse in the ar-
ticle “Reading Between the Bars" which
appeared in the November 27 issue of the
Albany Student Press. I presentmy creden-

t ials as avo lunteer teacher at CoxsackieCor-
tectional Facility (through the Community
Service Program) and I have beat much
more thoroughly exposed to the way of life
behind its bars than Miss Senhousc. She has
based her article upon the short threeorfour
hourvisit by the Burundi DanceTroupe. and
she seems to have acquired a vast. although
grossly mis'n formed and false know ledge of
this particular prison system. Although I
claim to be no authority on the prison
system. I can qualitatively refute her charges
through my own experiences at this institu-
tion.

To begin with. Miss Senhousc claimsthat
the inmates are not being rehabilitated: they
are in ‘limbo‘. If she had achance to see the
prison during a regular day. she would have
observed that this facility is more like a
school than a prison. Approximately fifteen
different trades are taught. ranging from
Auto Repair to Welding to Printing. A
learning laboratory. set up by a ten thou-
sand dollar grant from the state. enables
those inmates who are practically illiterate to
make rapid progress to obtain a practical
knowledg of the English language to help
them with their trade. Coxsackie also offers
ipractically the same high school courses as
any other school. and high school equivalen-
cy diplomas are eagerly sought. In fact. this
program enables a prisoner to obia in a high
-'sehodl’equivalency diploma in four months.

‘7? [ml last yuir 212 of the approximately 400
".Tnmates had earned one, Other special
courses such as Computer Programming.
Real Estate and Psychology are brought in
To be specially taught to those qualified,
Through the cooperation ofSUC New Paltv.
two college course». Sociology and Po llllGll
Science. are presently being taught with/till
college credit given to those who successftu
complete the requirements. lnaddition.cach
year. twenty to twenty-five inmates upon
release. go on to various colleges to funher
their cduuition. T his prison. like tiny other

. The Truth Behind The Bars
 by Rich-whom" 

   
  

 
 

 
 

learning institution cannotforce motivation
upon the inmates. it can only providetheop-
portunity. as Coxsackie obviously does It is
up to each inmate to motivate hirnselfor as
the saying goes- “Don't serve time. let time
serve you.“

To continue. Miss Senhousc claims that
she saw no signs of physical activity.COX-
sackie Correctional Facility has a well-
equipped gymnasium and two physical
education teachers to coach the inmates.
They are give n opportunities each day to go
to the gym. besides the informal activity in
the largecourtyard while theyawaitrollcall.
Furthermore. the facility fields teams in
many sports. particularly basketball. and
various college tot ms have scheduled games
at the prison gym.

Miss Senhousc further claims that the in—
mates‘ psychological needs are not being
met. A full—time psychologist and two part-
time psychiatrists provide this care.and help
is available whenever it is neededfl‘here are
also ten counselors who work with assigned
inmtites and listen to any problems they may
have. and try to provide the necessary
guidance and solutions.

Furthermore. Miss Senhousc also seems
to mkeit appearthat theinmates arcallow-
ed no privileges. which is far from the truth.
Each inmate hashis own mum. not abarred
cell. which he is allowed to decoratein any
way he pleases Each room also has an
earphone hook-up to various radio stations.
and ifthe inmate desires. he can subscribeto
his hometoWn newspaper ifhis relatives are
willingto pay foi'it. Besides. the library is full
of recoil periodicals and even law books.
which martyinmates use to cxaminetheprin-
ciplcs upon which their case was tried.

Perhaps the most ﬂagrant misstatements
are presented in the lattcrhalfofhcr article.

It is true. as she claims, that each inmate

must submit a list of persons who will visit
and correspond with him. However. thereis
no lint i1 whatsoever to this list. If an inmate
so desires. hc din place one hundred or more
people on tlia' list. She also claims that the
inmates' maths censtircd.which is nottrue-it
is scanned and that isab igd ifl'erence. 'I he in<
mate can write whatever he pleases-how

 

Grievone Committee Tries Harder

by James ('orbett
Dept. til Physics

The question of thc grievance procedures

has recently ririscn tti this column.

Last ycttr I. With others. served oti thc
nioii ol the

gnevaiice committee ol the It
Ittculty and stall

Some of these grievances were olItL'ttiI.
related to cases
‘ISI’;

othct» titiollicial; sonic
which appeared iii lltc ptigcs ol the
some did not appear there.

lhc gt‘ie\.tricc ptoccdutc pcrriittsitilorriial
liltng ol ti

negotiations ptior to the formal
grievance
Ilene/ct appoints it

local heating. the Ml-Cilllcd Step Iheriittig.i s

held. A decision unlrivortiblc to the gitciriiit
II. the

On to Step Ill.r
the ()llic col lztnployee RulilllllllhICVCl'illltl

can be appealed by the Uri ioti to Step
SUNY Central Level.

If necessary on to arbitration.

lti grievances iiri tenure and ptoniotioii
cases. the grievance is restricted lt) examin-
its restrictive-as II
it does mean that lllc mere fact
“No' til at case
(kill
M

ALBANY STU DENT PRESS

trig procedures. This is not
tnay seem.
that. say. it department votes

does not constitute ll grtcvuiit'c‘. but it it

PAGE l“()Ul{'l'[iEN

I personally handled it
iiunibcr ol grievances and observed others.

II It gticxtincc is lilcd. l'l't‘bltlcltl
hearing oliicet. and the

he slioisii that some significant tlllpltlpllcl)

occiiiicd. thcti 'il gtti:\aincc trlll he tried.

crises this ohtritncd last year

tlctitugogttcty are not content with

tcltcl

that matter

lCCL‘lNL’ Ill

triititsltntiits It
the llltltl responsive

the tcl

.itid “tin obtained over the op

tilltch

believe. however. in giving cvc

lL'itll state llllCtIllHllL‘illl) Ilttiovt (lllltlttlli‘
who IS content unit thcgrtcvaricc procedure
or vtith the results that it has produced.

Brit it it ill” to say thrilsotnc tcliel tti sonic
It should not
\lll[ltl\t.‘ thc lCtItlL‘lS ol the ASP that those
who set-Ii to bittld an ricadcttuc career oti ml
lltlllllllt‘lil iirgtitnctits. personal illlllChS. and
that
Those same tenders should illSlI icaIi/c
th.il llttl .iII grievances should “I” (nor lot
should all who want tctttitc

It IS also [art to say that of .ill the tltl'
tilled \vith lll thcw tiirttlcts
was Vice President
Siiotkiii It is also clear that Ill \t‘\\'|1llL'il.\L‘\
:cl obtained ottginatctl \Hlll \itotkiii.
position ol

As truiiiy can testify on thirtcritnpiis. IIitivc
oltcri v lgtHUllth. publicly opposed ptisllttllh
ol Sirotk in. rittd. for that trialth . positioitsol
others in this and previousadministrations I

shrill probably do so iii the boom. I do
tyoric lllatltlc

rotten he thinks prison life may be. his dis—
pleasuresand complaints. anything at all. as
long asit isnotthrcatcnittg.obsceneoraplea
for money. This is all that the scanning
checks for. Furthermore. ifaninmatedesires
to writ: to a lawyer.congressman orthc like.
his mail is not read at all. the envelope is
merely checked to be sure that it contains no
contraband. and then it is sealed. In add i-
tion. each month.everyinmate is allowed to
make a five minute collect phone call to his
relatives. This call is not monitored in any
way whatsoever. It is a completely private
phone call made from a phone booth within
the prison. Finally. there is a furlough
program which provides the inmate with
even greater contact with his home environ-
ment. At Easter. Thanksgiving. and Christ-
mas. those inmates with good behavior
records and who meet a few other re-
quirements. are allowed to go home for a
llirce or five day period with m) supervision
at all. A ride home is arranged for them on a
commerdal bus line. and they are told to be
brick at a certain time on a given day. Any
time in between is theirs to do with asthey
please. lastChrislmas. ninety-seven inmates
participated in this program.This represents
approximately twenty per cent of the total
initiate population.

Miss Senhousc also Clll ims that the perfor-
mitnu: ol'the Burundi Dancers was 'the first
time that these imprisoned outcasts were
allowed live entc rttiintrrent.‘This is aninten-
tiontil deception, Approximately twenty—five
professional perltim'tcl's have appeared at
Cox stickie Correctional Facility. with an
average of one per month. This entertain-
ment has ranged from "Theatre for the
l~orgotten“(ptiys). to Ruth and Rick Ryan
(To lk singers). to Sam Powell and his
Bittersweet and Brass (rock hand).

She further claimsthat they (the Burundi
Dancers) were “locked away to dress until
show time. and then hurried down to the
stage so as not to upset the prisoners,..they
were instntclcd as to what dances and what

costumes were acrrptable at such an institu-
tion." Taking then: claims individually. the
men and women of the troupe were taken to
separatcdressing rooms. and the doorswere
locked (I! Ilit' request of one ol their coor—
tI inators for their own safety. Secondly. the
initiates were putting on a presentation prior
to the Burundi lhtncers' appearance. and
there wrissimply not enough room backstage
tor tiIIol’ the performers. Finally. it standard

for acceptable costumes and dances had to

he established for reasons of security forthe
performers. and to insure order within the.
auditorium. Let it suffice to say that. at this
time. no females are allowed behind the
bars at Coxsackie. except in such‘instan. es
its visits and appearances by such groups as
the Burundi Dancers. 'therefo re. most in-
mates have not seen a woman in quite somc
time. One can infer whatever you wish as to
what might happen ifguidclittes were notset.

Finally. Miss Senhousc claims that the
show was cut short because of a guard
change. and this is practically the only true
slatcrmnt ntade in her article. However. this
was done to avoid paying overtime to the
employees and costing the “over-burdened
taxpayer" more money. The amount oftime
that the inmates‘ presentation would take.
and the time of the entire show was mis-
calcultited and enough time was not allowed
for the whole performance lobe completed.
R titliertlitin cut the inmates short. thedeci—
sion was made to shorten the Burundi
Dancers“ pcrl'onitance. St ill. they perfonncd
lor ahottl forty—live minutes. and pttt on an
t‘\'t'(‘l/('lll show which was well received by
the inmates.
Nobody claims that our prison system is
perfect. not even those who work there.
[Everyone expects the prison system to com-
pletely change. in two or three years. a per-
son's attitudes and behaviors which have
been developing and reinforced continually
during the twenty odd years olhis life. The
need for some reforms is qu itc clear. Yet these
must come from society. not from within the
prison system. It is society which places the
implications arid restrictions upon prison
refomt. including the necessary legislation
and budgets. Miss Senhousc has tried to
make people uwa rc. which is absolutely
necessary lor rclorni . but she has been gross-
ly intsinl'ornicd. and her tintclc has done
more harm than good.(‘onrplctc rehabilita-
ttoti may or may notbc always posstblc.but
lllly change. no matter Itow small. will im-
prove that individual to some degree. But.
L'\t.'IT il an inmate has all the skill and
knowledge possible in it given profession. he
wtll ttot bcticccptcd by society it we urcprc-
Viudiccd against exconvicts. Our ultimate
goal then. is to l‘clltl'ln society and its ill-
lllLlLlCh. When that is accomplished. these
‘itnprisonctl outcasts" will once again walk
among us. \\’lllt thcti heads held high.

intt git ien

 

Deadlines:

Display Ads
Classified Ads
Graffiti

 

Letters to the Editor

Wed. 5 pm.
Tues. 6 pm.
Thurs. l0 am.
Wed. l0 pm.

 

 

TUESDAY. DECEMBER 4, I973

 

   
   


AT
T.

  
      
          
       
      
 
        
        
      
       
       
         
      
   
      
     
    
 
    
         
    
        
          
   
       
     
        
    
     
    
       
     
        
     
       
     
        
     
    
    
      
 
    
     
  
   
    
 
  

 
 

 

      
 
  
   
           
     
         
     

  
  
 
 

    
    
 

  
  

 

 

 
 

  

   
  
   

  
 

 

 

 

 

 
 

I‘-

 
 

ﬂloi‘orsﬁ, minors

English Students Committee
(Lhdergrad)wil|meetTuesdoyeven-
ing(12-4) of 7 inthe Fireside lounge
in the Campus Center.

The Chemistry Club presents Dr.
Vonnegut of SPEAKING ON "The
Mysteries of Thunder Storm Electrio'A
ty” on Wed., Dec. 5 of 6:30in Chem
151, Refreshments will be served,
Funded by Student Assoo‘otion.
S_N_.O_. Sfuden f-Fuculiy Tea. Tues—
day December 4 in I30 323 at 241.

Washington University School of
Law in Si. Louis, Mo. wll have a
representative Michael Greenfield,
Assodole Professor of low on Cam-
pUsTllurS. Deeélrom 9AM1012 Ap
pointmenlsron be modelltrough the
ploeementoffiee in AD |36

The Archaeological Institute of
America and the Depf. of Classics
will sponsor a lecture by Prof Poul
Courbin of the Ezole Ptolique des
Houles Etudes. Paris, on Monday,
Dec. IO of 8 PM in Humanities Butlrli
rig 354. Theleclute 'Excttvulioris ul
Rois cl Bossrl (Synal' will be gtvt‘n in
Eiigishond isopen to the publir free
of charge.

There wil be a meeting of the Pre-
Med Pie-Deni Society on lirursdoy
Dec 6 at 7 PM in Bio 248 Our guest
speaker wll be thtotd HtttitJeI-nttun

a freshman at osteoprrtliit school

ACM ( Assoc for Computing
Machinery) will hold I'Il‘tlllrllS to.
‘irilliitilf'ld

wtll hm. t. i,.

officers on Wed Di
There mum mil.
 ,.....i _...,‘|..,.,

teprt-wmulivus of

mid sulvtcl: compo-m .

Geology Club mil-m .-i tut utirriiw
cltty Illletl 7 30 I’M Llur

wttilut llll'l\ ctivtitiii- .puiiri twirl ltlll‘»

’i ltillltttr‘r.
Money owml lll)lll llii Iii i lll'lll trip

wtll bu disbursed tit llttll tiiiii- lm
tft:lulls cull RKll biotin

An Albany-Pch

meeting wll hL' Iiritl 'titlirlllf [tor At

thJlllIlltllllJlIlll

til 8 PMtti the Hritoon [Altllltjl‘ t tllll
put Cetilur [llL‘t’lt lllt' tiiioiiiitiiioii
Desk ) AI interested sloth-tits Illlf iii
mud to (Olllu (lll(l sign til) Ioi ill
LllvlLlllUl (oititrtnlem Illlll pirilotls or.
well us to dismiss lllLJUlll/tllltllllll

duot‘itoii for lllfllfltll l)tl(llll

A RussrunClub meeting Ndllit'ltt‘ltl
lortlgllllDec 4 nl/ til/JUPMittllU
790 Plans for tho ( lltlSllIlllS potty

Will be tl tstutsutl I vot yUllt‘ iiiviteii

Outing Club Wuiil n. .i.. Ivltllt'l
tiiouttltiittuoiiiig'i l ()illl' llllll it-o out
modeling of "Brim .Jtilvlvtll Ulltl

PIIUL'LIBLTJULB

lit/iili'tl lti

\Illtlt’ll/ ll.\.lt‘tltllltlll

Coriiloit (Iriilirvs loi

  
 

 

.3

lit-J

wen fher.” Meeting also

weekend trips

covers
and plans for
snowshoevski trips during winter
vacation. Wed. 7:30 PM in CC 3T5.
Le Cerrle Francois
Wednesdays at 8 PM.
Lounge, Rm l29.

meets
Physics

SUNYA Guy Alianre meets in Rio
3I5 of the Campus Center for its
Tuesday night meetings. The
meetings stein ofB PM.

Quad hfelesi MeetingsAIumni
Wed Dec. 5 8 PM Brubcchel Lower
Lounge, Dutch Thurs Dec 6 7:30 PM
Flogroom Colonial Thurs. Dec. 6 9
PM Cufclena 'll’ldlﬂﬂ Tues Dec 4 7

PM Adirondcc-Cayugu lower
lounge State Tues Dec 4 9 PM
Hugroom

W
interested folk .

A social hour for ulfgiaduare, NTP
and faculty women on Thurs. Dec 6
Ill NU 354 from 330 to 5 PM will be
sponsored by the (mucus on Women'
s Rights of SUNYA Refreshments

TIonsrendenfalMedifaiion, her: "I
lioditclOiylr:(1iiir:i)y Stephen Richter
on VVC‘le'trlUy l)l.‘(t:l“l)ll Sol 8 PM
in If, I9

Intern-sled iii writing for Viewpoint
IA 75" ( ull Mount: 45/ 52]]

Photographers trooded for View
'X)llll 7d 75 (Lil Mtiitttit: 45/ 5?“!

A i (Ulltlltl is upottsoltttg u Studeni
All Sale ll'l lti-r lH oinl I9 iii lllt'
‘itiNrtrtmiIm, Anytim-ii-twusimliii
it tdtlyttt ..,. t'Ilit .; tin-ii ..n "mt. u.
not pi. i.. mtimi imrtii.‘ tit/ion.
..i- .i i . iii mitt”. mi Mm. Ito. !/

'«II iii. wit. It... iiiwiiiou-

Stole Oiiutl Rt-toirl Co-op ..piw

.,.-., lithium. 3 ill it. /.w

Alhuny Sirilo Ft-nrtng Soriefy .-..|I

rum-i Ni-tliw 'llly / All it» ‘2 troll
(lilwtiltly‘ l'llri ‘,' for lllil ‘itiliw
rtml t,... 0. mil... «tumor-i, it...
nan-i, ..ii... .. i... that an... (tillt'ril'
rriiiipi-iitiriii ll .-.i-Il tli prob-mourn
‘Il‘lltitllllll ls iltlllu i- on. wt'lttitttt‘

Parser, Surryu s Srteiitt: fltllolt
l-Nttrtti/t‘it' l'i'.l|l'tllit'lillllg‘lttlltw it.

lulu-i “H...” ,.i...i..~ titttl “limit

innit"... i... ..lmi ....i.i.rt.iirm..i)...

It) [..i llllti ..ittmni Ii Ul Mriiltoi 4J6
(Jilli/

Talon! auditions for Tolcilion 14
1V llllii- lii'ltl No». [/V J OI'M NUV I9
/ I I Will lh‘r / 7 Al I’M Auditions will

I... i..~|d ill tit. Irttttpus (unit-i
litlllllltttll ;tyiytli4|ll|t)llﬂlllll‘il liL‘ lurk
i-il up (If tlu- it iiiluiiiiorioii (lt'ih ut
..i t t io/

Wrath tumor a roman. to.) A
In,” h, ml,’ r till lltt‘ 5300 Mldtlle

Eutih SWIT¢flflOUId with titty

“min...” ll  ....iri...i.. Mitt ..-i.-.

you in ..i...  .r... in... .. ttlll

Ulﬂblllillifﬁ

 

v anytime.
. . e .
Colonial Quad Judicial Board is or
indent represented organization
ready to serve you. Judicial Board
considers cases of violation of univer-
sity regulations as described by stu-
dent guidelines. Colonial Quad
Judicial Board is established to aid
the students-be aware ofyour rights,
and protect them!
Masses for the Holy Day of the Im<
moculote Conception will be held in
Ilte Assembly Hall, Campus Centerol
4:l O and 6:30 on Friday, Dec, 7.
Scripture and Prayer Service Thurs-
day night, 9 PM Chapel House. A
penance service wil also be held of 8
PM.
Freshmen Class elections for of-
ficers l5 coming. December l0 and
II Interested in running? Nomina-
tion forms will be uvaioble Det. 3-6
at the CC Info desk. Any questions?
Call Ito 74996 or John 7 7987.

On Wed Dec. 5 Professor Richard
Parker from the University of Chile
will speak on he lunio in Chile. Also
the movie "Conupotnenlo" Will be
shown llIS(ITJOUTOWDTkETS(Olllllll/llI
ly developed bythe Allende Govt: rn
inc-til Tune 7 30 Date: Dec. 5 Place

lC7

Attention all former Students of
Curtis Smith: Anyone wishing to
help Curt by obtoriiin signatures for
petitions please col 7-78l8 or 4(35-

9660 Your help is needed

On Thursday, Doc 6 at 8 PM the
Albany Civil Liberty Union will hold
ii mooring on the impeachmenl of
Nllutl iii (liuntiey Hall, Unitarian
(liuirh WOSII Ave A represetitultve
from NY( LU, Norm Siegel, Wlll be
them Further info wll John Borel
4615195

Photographers interested iii working
lttl Vii-wpottil nioeling Thundoy,
[Jim (1 it PM Fireside lounge or roll

Mtllilit‘ 457 5213

Students for the Improvement of
Pioginms for the Hondurappcd
Sfl’H .Nlll Inr

\I‘Iltl‘H'l'l ‘)t'1*

lt‘UfS\L‘lf until iitixt
qiollitii on
tiltittilr'ttll‘lll‘i loi lllllt‘ of Iii-.i

tIlt-i'lltnl

VOlUltlt‘t'ls Iltl' iirwrlml lot Ilt‘ poll
stiit‘ls lut tltiv. til // lfll'rlllelS Mon
tltttll t!"-l)l'l Mirror! | I If you run Slf
tm Ill lmn Ultt' llUL/I lmiwuou llli'
ii..." ..i to .....i '2 View...» toll rm /
-l‘/'Hiut lulut / /9H/

Aw you itilt-tusfietl ll| lintuﬂsltlg
sotlol influences In choosrng a
rrrrtet~t9llioii by BA Ilboti Ihutstloy
iiirytii~ tll ll‘M Iut Ull iiiforiiiolriioup

it...  .m Mimi tripptitfutttly t..

..........- (“wanna with on...” ..

flirt-true.

 
    
  
 

Sunday
is
Movie Nite
Viva Maria
Dec. 9
he Mouse That
Roared Dec. 16
8:30 p.m.
Koydeross Pork

lit-i it Itlt tttt \tittliuilt it. Saint...” tat.

 
 

 

   

 

The Atomic Energy Commission will
present 0 Citizens Workshop
program on Energy and the En-
vrronmenf in Albany

Der. 3-7 at the Campus Center. and
Thurwoy Hyatt House. Thovail be
held at tile Hyatt House, Monday
Dec. 3 and SUNV Tuesday through
Thursday. Der. 4-6, beginning at
7:30 PM. There is no admission
charge and the genetol pubic 's in
vited.

The Book Bookis here. Submit your
used book titles and authors during
dinner lines this weeloin the Indian
Flogroom.

official notice

The Studeni Activity Assessment
Fee Committee is now accepting
waiver applications for the spring
semeser, Polia'es have been Chong-
ed and there is now an enforced

application deodine. Application

 

Energy Workshops at forA‘ény;

CC 346.
Attention Community Service
1 Students (SSW 390): If you are tak-
ing CommunityServico fortho second
time, you must go to one 1MP
evaluation sedan. They start on
Nov. 26 and continue through Dec. 6
of the timeslisted on the requirement
sheet.
Attention: All students who are in-
tereaed in study abroad! There wlI
be on informoﬁve meeting and dis
eussion on all aspects of overseas
programs ovoloble to SUNYA
students.Refreshmentt wil be served.
meeting wil be held on Tuesday,
Dee. Ain Bio 248f10m 7:30 to lo PM.

In formation Services: Campus
Cemter Information 457-6923...Desk
for general information and student
events. lnfone: for questions on un-
iversify policies and procedures 457-
4630. SUNVA line for doiy campus
events of general interest 457-8692.

know what stereo equipment

SOUNDS GREAT '

 

stereo components, music

systems.
cabinetry and accessories

now open at
1818 CENTRAL AVE

(next to the old Mohawk Drive-in
on Central Avenue)

 

custom

456-3234

 

 

 

 

TUESDAY. I)l'('|'I\lBI-l{ 4. WW

 

r\l BANY S l liI)liNl I’RIiSS

PAGE I‘II’I‘EEN

' forms and information ovaloble in;

   
    
 
     
   
   
  
  
   
     
    
   
  
   
 
   
     
   
  

    
 

 
 
  
  
 

  
  
 
 

  
 
 
 

 
  

 
 
 

  
 
 

 

 

  
  

 

     
  
 

    
  
 
    
 
    

    
       
    
 
  
        

