 

 

 

 

 

torch is coming!

Tuesday & Wednesday, May lst and 2nd
Only students with both tall and spring tax cards may pick up the yearbook for $1 at the Bookstore

window in the tunnel.

Thursday, May 3rd
Starting this date, anyone who has paid student tax, but who has lost a tax card, may pick up a
certification of payment from the Student Association Office (CC 346) and exchange it (with $1)

for a copy of Torch ’73 at the tunnel window.

Prices:
both semester’s tax card..$1

one semester tax card....$5

no tax card... ........ ..$10

Hours for pickups:
12 - 4 PM.
10 AM. - 4 PM.
10 AM. - 4 PM.

May lst
May 2nd
May 3rd

Important:

There are only 4000 books going on sale. Books are not going to be sold after May 3rd. Seniors

are urged to pick up their copies early.

 A YEAR BOOK IS FORE

 

 

 

PACE 8A

 

 

FRIDAY, APRIL 27, 1973

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

      
  

7:1/E WH/Z'E HOU5E
57HFF FURNITURE . . .

@%

imamrurriraiﬁraiuzinr-iuiiiiititltruilrrri' t u

 

 

 

  

AFTER THE PENTAGON PAPEP5,

 as.

 

 

'[::m m

 

 

AF7EE’ ITT,

 

 

wow

i ;

 

 

AFT/5P MTEPﬁATE .

 

 

 

/ ,\
\l.W‘lMV


"The human capacity tor being bored.
rather than man's social or natural needs.
lies at the root a! man's cultural advance."
Ralph Linton

 

 

 

 

 

Private Control May Improve Bookstore

lI seems dial the operations ol the
ltookslore are linally going In he «on
[rolled by an oiilside llllll llll‘s Iltlllll
prove Io be very inieiesiing.wliaieret Ilte
new operators do. lhey can'I help lmr
improve on the past lrtick iei‘oirl

lhe hooksloie sortieliines was more
noteworthy loi wlial il didn't have Iliaii
whaI ii did many people years :ii'H
Ilioughl the place was unsuarued suite ll
had lew books. As tar as Ihe serinaiiiiiial
lniokline is concerned. il is an inieiesliinI
Mulllt’ lliai lhe pioiessois and Ihe hoolx
store stall engage in.

lhe piolessors order a ieilain nunihei
o1 Iexrhooks. and Ihc hookanre slall (In
Iiyntg lo L'lll down on ovei Illllt'lllllJl II“
back their order Io llie supplier lllt‘ll lln'
hooks tonic in. and there :iieiil l‘llillll'll
lo go .iioiiiiil lty this Iirnc ~.c\cn .tdih
lional people hate .llilll'll Ihc Ililll‘rl' Io
IICLilL' It more \t‘llltll‘ ‘.lII«I|.ipe llll‘ .aliii'
piolessoi will over iridi'i Ihc .iiiioriiil ol
li‘xthoolx‘. needed so Ilrat when Ilir- hurls
‘.liilL‘ Luls hack lll‘r order lI may i'WII
lltillC out to .ippiosiuialcl) Ilic iiiiiilhr'I

ol books he needed in the liisI lililsl‘

'llial is, unless Ihc hooksloii' <loi'siil
cul hack the order lheiause [lie pioh'ssoi
Coliipliiined loud enough ilie pic-ceerlinp
“me-"It'll. so lliril [here are Io l‘XlHl
WPICh ill "The Rise and l'all ol’ the (Alllllil
l-enWiek liinpire” leli over to L'UllL'll
iliisi. It it indeed a vicious cyt Ir.- Willi Ilie
sliiderilb as eliiel viciiiiis,

 

I lit I'lrr/I /r.rn ls,

ll llir; tronl. \Iill needed I‘. out or .Inclx
Ill Ihi' liriol. Ioii‘ you might Iiy ollIaiiiliii'
H “I sllllll' .tll‘a hooksloie. llul you may

as iicll not I‘\|‘|| lmlln-r You \ an I all up .i

pla- c llIal laIni ll has .‘00000 lllli‘u. hin
's‘Klll'li you ll Ior \oiii. llii‘\ .iiap liar l.
‘ll.|l |lIi‘\ iloni lI.I‘.I‘ ll Iiinlioni Ioolanp

lot it lion .in lll"\ hate llll‘lllllll/Vil

xonoolrnilr ‘I

ll sou l‘llll‘lld‘ul/l' lhal Il t..il ()l l 1 (II
ic-tlmol. sou s‘..|ll| lli-’\ ti'pllriialill you
lui \si llll)‘ IliciI lllIll' llii' lii'lplill prolen
oi lll"|l pla r' lln‘ l_‘0ll payr' \oliiriie (lot

ill ‘ people iii llll' il.iss lo sliaiel IIll
Il'a'l‘rl in the lll)l.il\ llll'll Iliiec llll\‘i
hr-ioir- mini Iinal e-..trii you lirially i'i'l
rh- how and \ou li.I\I' .l llllli' I iarniiiiuy

lrrrli.

llll‘ long hoI honinlini' ilwll I\ .i liailt
Iioii .iI Hl \\\ .t pail ol oui pioiirl
lii'iilapc lliv' II\l‘llI|)'ll| liool. 'a'iyire was
an nit uth in rli-aioi mini: oi iI

lint llrr' l'lrlrl‘ litll‘ liri‘. |".jl.lllll|il lo
I|i~lt|ll<’ lIaar iroliilioiial lirorl‘. l.o\lu‘.iii
.orilail. .niil lH')‘IIl||.i .pioiil.) salt". ol
llll‘ l.I|r'.l lop ior l. ll‘s l(rll'.llt'\l llils ol
the l(i|/ lilllllll'l‘i) .ilirl llll‘ lair-ml insin- Ill
Moll! laioiili‘ niayla/Iin' (lln' Illl\

lrillli‘il

Alll‘l .rll .i lroolpilrrie .i'll‘. iiioii‘ llldll
hooks lI series [he I uiwrsily lotiuiiii
oily. and one ii-ilaiiily hopes llial next
year it will he .I lit-IIi-i st'ivaiii

“Bubble” Best Alternative

Three years ago SUNYA barely missed having a field house. The land was
cleared, bulldozers were on the scene, and preparations were made to lay
tlte foundation. More than one million dollars had already been spent on
the project aitd two weeks remained before tlte signin ,of the final
construction contract when the budget freeze hit. Our fie d house, along
with extensions for the academic podium and married student housing.
were abruptly axed. And according to sources in the administration, it
appears very unlikely that there will be any more major construction on
campus within the forsecable future.

But there is still a drastic need for the field house that was never quite
built. Of all the projects that were proposed, this one was most urgent.
AMlA alone has i 10 basketball teams participating this year with only two
courts to play on. And events such as the Allman Brothers Concert would
have been much more financially successful if more tickets could have

been sold.

The space crunch for academic oltices is, in our estimation. not as
serious. 'l'he recent opening of the entire 23 floors of Mohawk ToWer to
acadeiriic department olliccs has considerably reduced their space dilemma.

Schools much smaller than SUNYA, including Potsdam, l’lattsburgh, arid
(.‘ortlaiid. all have large licldltoiises ol the type needed llt‘l‘L'.

It seems thzu the (.‘ouimiticc lor Activity Facility l)eVelopniertt, com»
posed ol' Physical Education laciilty members :is Well as students From
AMI/k, have tonic up with one possible solution to the athletic space
problem. ‘l'hat would be the construction ol an economical "bubble" on
campus.

The bubble is actually a plastic tent supported by air pressure, and a
llL‘ltlllIillsl' moch could accomodate sortie 0,000 people nearly tWIcc as
many .is the present University (iyninasittnt. Such bubbles are used all over
the country to house tennis courts, swimming pools, l'ootball stadiums and
lliLA likl'.

True, the bubble Would riot he at. good its a permanent l‘ield house. ltut
given the present budget situation and the crowded physical education
lacilities, it may be the only alternative.

. h o

A Disappointment

We were railicr disappointed at the outcome ol- Wednesday afternoon's
opt-n lili‘t‘tlllg oii tenure and promotion. (See story on page one). The
-.Iiitlr-iit turnout was all too small. and only one signiﬁcant .idniiiistrator.
Vicel’rcsidt-ni l’liilhp Sirotkin. was present to answer questions, even
though .rll ol them had been iiiVitctl. l. Moycr l’lllllsln‘rgt‘r, Heart of the
(College ol Arts and Stit'iit'cs was conspicuous by liis absence.

Much ol lllt' afternoon's discussion increr reliashcd what We already
know about the tenure protcrliire, and Sirotlriu merely pat‘rotcd the usual
I llL In”. and ltlt'.ill‘/.;llllills which we have all route to expect.

The sllltli'lll perlotmaute was not much better. Those who did decide to
.iItciid Ihc iiicctiiig did little to help lllt‘ll' tritisc, choosing to liceklc. yell
Insults, and otherwise disrupt the proceedings when the Viccl’rcsiderit
-,pol;c. Matty ol llll‘ questions were cllht'r IIiliaiiie or loaded.

We did appreciate the substantive statements made by l'Ioli‘ssors Leroy
l’clion, (.‘iii‘tis Smith, and (.‘arol Waterman. litii what they said was never
really discussed by anyone, and was largely ignored and evaded by Siiotkin.

This movement lilllsl gain momentum, orgaiii'laition and respect ll it is to
work surtt-ssliilly lor tenure reform on this tainptis. The administration is
olivioiisly not about In .ict positively Without strong student and lattilty
picssllrr'. ll lllllll'l' met-tings ol‘ this type are not held in :i itioreorgariiled,
l)i'[I(‘l ‘ilrlltlllll‘tl manner. then it seems to its that such relorin Will be a

long way olil.

 

Advertising
lllldd iiiulii
Iiritia (lesmond

Technical
rot) illill‘rll

J,

 

rounded in ma “J “M” ,
Tlldll irieyui Business
ILditor-iiI-(lhiel Ldil()ritl| l’rlges Circuhniun ptnl mark
only In r iarni gliiriri von noslrt/ ion woori iurry ulbroctit
NeWs Arts Exchange Ad Production
arm a bunker antly rmlluy mark IItcalsky dutmie karnrien
untidy dlilTldll hill briria Hmlogmphy sheila sciiuiikuiri

only siissniari

Classified Ads
ca my ad rink
Gi’afﬂtl

tutti sitiley

kalliy eckuilu Sports,

0" CAMPUS Irriii.u rriauijiii
lHJ‘i) irmyui ken rullllltIO
darrriy rass

Preview
y lusliri ddvis

iay iosuiilwrg
david slawsky

tiiiitliiit try tliiiteril lat:

rillir rr (.(fIWll lititiiiit 4h! 2 it“)
iitiiloiiril policy is ontlriirnliimt try iiiii l.ll|ltltlill lloiitrl

 

 



.. d,

