 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

«KANE .

Merce Cunningham‘s Dance Troupe will be here Thursday, at 8:30 in theGmf Tey are shown

Merce Cunningham’s Events

Cunningham and his company in “Canfield.”

Roodco Productions Presents:

" FOR ONE SHOW ONLY "

SUNDAY, APRIL I 8:00 PM
AT THE PALACE THEATRE IN ALBANY

‘ - .4... V .4. "'
here in Gymnasium Event No. 4, as performed at SUNY Stony Brook.

 

 

FREE BUS SCHEDULE:
SUNYA STUYVESANT PLAZA

Monday, Wednesday and Friday:

6:00 PM. 6:15 PM.
(and every half hour) (and every half hour)

8:30 PM. 8:45 PM”
*This last bus to SUNYA leaves at 9:05 PM.

 

 

Siena Blues

by Kevin Daniels

Fortunately in these bad times, when even that which is dearest to
our hearts is forced to take a back seat to pure survival the Blues
still merits a big place, The festivals of the late 60's are dead. The
Blues that was brought to this continent by the very slaves can
appropriate name for them that built America, with Blues being a
natural outcome hundreds of years ago is still alive. Yes, of course
times how: Changed, but the Blues has remained one of the few pure
parts of our heritage even through economic defeat, the shift from a
rural to an urban setting, and the white washing of the Blues. Today
we still have a few places deeply proud to display the Blues. One of
them, in its second year of such appreciation is the Annual Siena
College Blues Festival one of the few local bright spots that reminds
some of us that everybody “sings the Blues.“

Did you ever think of the number of people who sing “Big Mama"
Thorntons, “Ball and Chain,” Mance Liseolmbs "Rock me Baby,"
try to immitate Junior Wells and Muddy Waters? So much that is
worshipped, for instance, the Allman Brothers, Rolling Stones and
yes even Janis Joplin, tried but failed to capture that emotion that
few had the bability to portray. Unfortunately, the Blues is dying a
slow death. Yes, its still prestigious to dig Howlin Wolf and John
Lee, but what about Blues essence? Here I will attempt to portray to
you the good times that evolved this past weekend from the soul.

Friday 8:30 pm.

Big Mama Thornton, the six foot 37 year Blues veteran sucked it
to us as only Big Mama can, After a lively intro by her band which
included quest artist, George “Harmonica” Smith, we were served
with tasty bits of "Big Mama." Coming out in complete command
of her audience the female Blucs votcraii ripped off “You better get
another woman, cause Big Mama's got another man“ to thunderous
applause. Rolling right into a Willie l'ixrm song and then off into
Mance Lipscoml)‘s “Rock Me Baby Arthur (.‘rudups “Iloiind Dog "
“Ball and Chain" us Janis never could and that old llowlin Wolf song
“Lit Red Rooster" we rcrilich that Big Mama was a tcclinicriil‘t at
work. in control all all times the “Quccii of the Blues Harmonica"
belted out some of the meant-st runs imaginable. And besides being a
harmonica virtuoso, she is also a fairly good drummcr always at ease
and every much a lady.

As an encore thc Edwin Ilziskins singers “0 Happy Days" was done
with more Blues influence than the original and also “Down By thr-
Rivcrside," proving in thr- ciid oiin that slit- Wila tlir- Iii-st lliiiig over
to come out of Montgomery, Alabama

(iiiy Wclls Band

cht it was time for llic (iuy Wells lllur-s lirriirl and Ill .i grcritly
improved set over their liist riri-ri pr-i'l'rirniuiici- iii llli' (‘l' litllll‘tltllll
the hand worked out first producing an l‘Xt'l‘llt'lll “'l‘hi- 'l'lirill is
Gone" and nch “Bud Whislx‘cy " As .lunioi' sooii praiicr-d oiito tlic
stage blowing mighly fine lard we heard the tune “livt‘ry‘llilng's
gonna be all right." Also, “Sonny lloy'"Williamson's 15:3 year old rclic
“Got to help me Baby" was done III i'xccllciil style by Junior Wells
and it brings to mind tlic fact that .liiiiior Iciirncd to play lirirmonicii
from “Sonny Boy" himself

At the end of thc (iiiy Wr-lls sl‘l. Maiicc Lipscomb licariiig llll'
crowd maniacally cry for more, lll' now asks me the possibility of his
playing a few more songs When permission was givr-ii to him liy
Siena College, lic struttcil back oiisliigc rind licgiin to knock off
another 19 songs which should lll' proof of [be great man Mancc is
[n this unplanned secoan set WI‘I'I' iiicliidcrl the likes of “Eye Byr-
Baby” and “Pistol Packiii Mama,“ bolli of which iii-c Lipscomb
originals as is all of his material.

For n man of 77 years, Mriiiccs fiiigr-rs are still lightning fast and his
voice is still remarkably strong £I|I(l l'll';II Even though Maiicc has
recorded ll record albums in llll' past stinic number of years he
admits that hc gets his plcrisui‘c lroni "l‘lziyiiig l.iVi- for People"
which is clear from Mnnccs two scls ll may llith' \l't‘llll'tl to \tilllt'
lliul Mance may lirivr- been pushing liiiiisi-lf too llill'tl because of ll|.\
advanced age, but lll' informed [ill' of .i llllll' when lit' wcnt home to
rl'cxris and played til {I neighbors purly from I pin in the afternoon
until 3 am in the morning!"

Uri-(lit must go to Hit-tin i'ollr-gr- who for HIV second \liilltﬁlll yi-ni
hiis coordinated a rliirilily show wrtli :iii iiitcri-sling rind iiifoi'iiiriliyc
Blur-s program. Unfortunately, only Siciiri oncc ti year and pi-riotli
(fully llichtlilchciiitlofl'cr- llousr- arc the only two local promoters of
Blues in the Capital District l’ay‘ing illi grand for the Alliiirin Bollicrs
who l like but who go about doing songs by Willie l)lelll, Muddy
Writers and the likes and its ri iii.il tor of fr.inlrncss not rpiiic .is Well .I.\
the old Blues man who worked for :i Mlltlll fraction of that llig ".'ll'i"
is definitely a inissdircctioii of funds

It. 50 TI.

UNIVERSAL “M I!!!”
A GM E

 

_ M," In!
rxrr L A rut/010"" mm‘igtvwmﬂ‘ m "l ' "
ltllVEJMIE mar m: um: mu MI 5 SW}? a:

m. E coNTAlNS SIX mute wALL-m roiifénfr“

: WORTH or an:er “THE III IT!

 

 

 

 

 

TY um 5mm r-
ou‘rm' ME “7 my, n, ‘

my 7'"; I I'll. UK M
mi. ""5le
l A :3: 5M": mm

' /

 

MAN, mrfr mm,

W More MAT rs...

rr'r n16 rinsrr or!
I; EVER nw “fir/ii
I KILLED in! mutual

y'- w

The Dead-Just Another Concert?

By Mitchel Zolar

The cnlire rationale behind
writing this column is to talk
about the campus and things
that happen on it, and what “a”
student does. So how does a
concert that occurred in Ulica,
which is 90 miles and at least :5]
away qualify? Anyway, it was in
llticri. If \V.(‘ l’iclds only knew
from Ulicri,

But this was the Dead. All
concerts are supposed Iii bi-
slriviiig to be like Dcrid con~
certs. The ultimate. 'l'hc proto-
type The Unchrsal l)ciid con~
cci't l‘lrgii, this could be any
concert, oiin it was in the grand-
i-sl, largest dimensions.

It starts with constant playing
of the albums. One by onc these
standards of pasl performance
are rcmcrisurcd. Only then could
we rcrili'/.c that the lch version is
x iiuinlicr of times better than
the studio cut (a fact we always
knew would come true). ()nc
feels the need to be able to jump
til the smallest opening chord
and, proclaiming brilliance to his
per-rs, givc name, writer and :Il‘
hum of first appearance to :ill
lislciicrs.

’I‘hi- dope gets rollcd, tlii-
groupie shirts arc whcclcd out
[what a swcct coincidence, lhr-
only “no you own, the only
non tacky mic, is the Rainbow
Foot shirt that says in siibllc.
tasteful li-tIr-riiig “Grateful
Dead")

(‘lziss Yculi, that's the Dcrid

Anil llii-ii tlic crowd pushed in,
for frce, for glass, for mystified
llllllllll"li],[l‘(l lickct Irikcrs who
slicltly pulled in llicn' tor-s as llii-
crowd swarmed by, In Ulll'
psi-iirlopod like mass, they
molded and flowed min on cvci‘
Iciiglliciiiiig liiic lllill cxplorlcrl
into Ilic void br-yonil lllt' door
The dash for si-tits 'l'llcii tliI-

 

alhany state sincere
Sometimes

A Great Notion

calm after the storm.

The balloons. The soap bub-
bles. The increasing masses in
front of the stage (breathlesst
they push and shove, seeking
asphyxiation). The kids just
“hanging” out. And the rumors:

“D'ycr hear? Seventeen got
busted lust night."

“Gotta keep cool on dope.“

The fingers point. "See, there's
a cop. "

“Who‘s that they‘re dragging
out?“

“Its okay. Only clearing the
aisles "

And then the concert.

'l‘lii-ir jams camc on Willi no
fancy buildups, no nconv signed
fingers pointing, calling aticn-
lion to this, the “heavy jam" for
the chiiiiig. 'l'hey flow logically
and smoothly out of most evcry
song, so smoothly that Il is
virtually only in retrospect that
one can tell where the song
stopped and the jam began.

This is the real thing, and the
crowd knows it. They know that
they are going to gct their mini
mum 3% (tonight It, lucky us)
hours of sound, since the (lead
lovc playing etc. etc. So there
are no rirtificiril standing ovar
lions, as when the crowd gets up
only to keep the group on or get
it liiick since the crowd knoWs

Bio 12

9to 11

April 4 to April 8:

ammo STREET BEE?” ‘
AND ROCK GARDEN

297 Ontario SM 9! Median Mu, Ahny
FIGHT INFLATION PRICES
Wed: $2 all the beer you can drink

Thurs & Sun: Wine, Gin, or Vodka $.49

PLUS These“ Great Groups:
March 29 to April 1:

sensational new rock group

this is the game it has to play to
hear anything near 2 hours of
music. lnsteud there is only a
pure out-pouring of thanks,

Finally we reach the ultimate
number. There occurs a raising
of consciousness out of the
depths it had lulled into, the
blissful iorpcr of the ethereal
morning-music jam, that soothed
the mind after the shell-shocking
bursts during the first two-thirds
of the coneerl. A brilliant chord,
a spinning, multi-fuccted orb
shined upon by two spots,
causing a whirling, cascading
stream of stars upon the arti-
ficial sky, blending engulfing and
enhancing llIl' white-water cur.
rcnts of Sugar Magnolia.

'l‘ht- crowd got-s delirious with
i-xcc energy pumped into their
systems by the i-vcr-loudening
crescendo, while the stars whirl,
but suddenly, silence,

As the liiind learns, an cxplo-
sion of “more, more" literally
bursts into flames (illuminating
the otherwise pitch auditorium)
bringing them back for a mysti-
fying, mind-soothing and bog»
gling “One More Saturday
Night." They then leaVc for
good.

'l‘wcnty three got busted.

"There is nothing like ii Dead
(kiiiccrl."

BEAU JONES
ARBUCKLE

Musicor Recording artists - backup group in concert for
Dr. Hook & the Medicine Show

11 to 15: SWEET JENNY GRIT

all women rock group ~ coming back after a college
concert tour including Siena 8r State

also appearing WET WILLIE

trash from their tour with the Allmun Brothers

TICKETS ON SALE NOW AT
PALACE THEATRE BOX OFFICE ARMADILLO ALBANY AND rnov
MIDLAND aEcono SHOP comma MALL CRYSTAL MANSION MOHAWK MALL
DEJA vu ALBANV AND nonrnwrw MALL

FOR RESERVATIONS PHONE: 465-3333

00.0.00.00000000COOOOOOOOOOO...0......0....O...OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOIOOOC:

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Saturday:
11:45 AM.

LC 25
1 0:00
$1.00 without

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

11:30 AM.
(and every half hour) (and every half hour)
5:30 PM. 5:45 PM.”

"This last bus to SUNYA leaves at 6:05 PM.

STUYVESANT PLAZA
WESTERN AVENUE COR. FULLER ROAD

Fri. March 30
7:30
$.50 with tax and ID.

TUESDAY, MARCH 27, 1973

 

...................0.0.0.000...0.00...0......-.OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOIO
mndea by Stone“

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO0.00.0000...o.too.00....coo-ooooooooooooooool

PAGE FIFTEEN

 

 

 

PAGE FOUR'I‘EEN TUESDAY, MARCH 27, 1973

 

