  
   

    

1..“

it

‘ _'>r:3.~

 

-.—;-._‘: -' «1

 

' Music Council Presents:

 

    
      

VINCENT P'Rici:
"HOUSE OF WAX"

75c 9:30 PM

  

BORIS KARLOFF
" LACK SABBATH"
50‘ Midnight
APRIL 27 8: APRIL 28
FRI. 8: SAT. LC2

funded by student tax

 

 

 

Friends
of Sensors

are needed to be
Ushers at Torch Mite
May 25

Graduation May 26

Interested?

 

 

 

Contact: Student Activities Office CC 346

 

 

 

International Student’s Association
welcomes you to a delicious

INTERNATIONAL DINNER
SAT., APRIL 23,1973 6pm
BRUBACHER DINING ROOM SUNY at Albany

Dishes from
India. China. Europe, (it Middle East

   

 

Africa. Latin America,
Dance following at 9 pm

Tickets can be purchased in advance or at door. Available in
Campus Center 329 $2.50 with tax...$3.00 without “an...”Writ...”

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
   
  

 
  

    
         
 
  
   

Sat April 27 at 7:30 and 9:30 in LC 1

ebrew Club- in Honor of Israel’s 25th Anniversary

Sponsor: H

-.-.......

 & featuringTHE

;' start an 

THE PAIIVARIM ARE AN INTERNATIONALLV ACCLAIMED ISRAELI FOLK SINGING GROUP

CC Ballroom - 8:00 pm - Refreshments E.

$.75 for students $1.50 for general public
onsors: Judaic Studies Dept, Hebrew Club, JSC—HILLEL

SP - In .- -.r/.r- ,z.

  

or.

\

\

W‘

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

"U
21>
O
[71
._3
E
0

Edited by Daniel S. Ross

PARIS

The Saigon government and the Viet Cong handed each other
sharply conﬂicting proposals Wednesday for a final political Sl’llll'
merit in South Vietnam, then each rejected the other's key points

There were faint signs of change in the positions of both sides,
however. Saigon left out a previous demand Concerning or.-
framework for future elections, and the Viet Cong hinted Illi'
Communist side might eventually change its policy against discussing
North Vietnamese troop withdrawals.

But each side denounced the major provisions of the other-‘3 pin,
and acknowledged failure to meet the Friday deadline set by HIV
Paris cease-ﬁre accord for settlement of the political stalemate.

.\l‘

PENSACOLA, FLA.

Former Atty. Gen, John Mitchell will appear today as a wllill‘sx m
a pretrial hearing for eight antiwar activists charged with plolring it.
disrupt last summer‘s Republican National Convention, his Washing
ton attorney said.

Lawyer William Hundlcy said he and Mitchell were to fly from
Washington to Pensacola this afternoon.

Mitchell was subpoenaed by defense attorneys for the eight, \\'Ilrl
are seeking to show that their indictments were based on llll‘pil
electronic suerilliince.

Lawyers for the defendants are attempting to link the gnu-oi
ment's case against them to the bugging of the Watergate.

U.S. Dist. Judge Winston Arnow Tuesday ordered Mitchell III
appear after overruling a motion by Joe J. Harrell, a i’l'llmil‘irln

lawyer retained by Mitchell, to quash the summons.
\l’

'l‘orrcntial spring rains have swollen the mighty Mississippi River In
some of its highest levels in recorded history and created
l,5(ll)~rnilc stretch of soggy farmland and flooded homes

low the Great Lakes to the (iii
their homes. millions of tif‘l‘l“
than l'IL'l‘ paddles and damn-

'l‘housands of families from just lie
of Mexico liavr- been forced to flee
rich farmland are fit for nothing more
estimates grow by the millions of dollars each day.

The National Weather Service says the highest crest In some
years of record-keeping at St. Louis ~I5l.l'i feet, or 13.5 feet lllllr
flood stage “ is expected sometime Saturday. The record cr-i-si i. 
been predicted for 'I‘hursday, but a spokesman said breaks l|i Illir-‘r
ed off some of the rushing water and delayed Illl' I'tl' -
1 Walker on Wednesday i-sliniati'd dani.igi in i
l ii similar figure to:

Arm

levees drain
Illinois (lov. Danie g
state alone at $50 million and ollicirrls si-

damage in Missouri. W

MSHING'I'ON

A coalition of n;

rlioiiiil organizations will open .i lilriilrr u w -

on ameristy next month in Washington, I) I‘ III t'lllrll o ol.‘ .i
amnesty for Vietnam war resisters \
The two-day conference on amnesty Will open on hrillliila l

-llli and will feature Mll'li speakers as former .'\ll|ll’lll‘\ In

Ramsey (llark, the lli-Vi-i‘i-rrrl William Sloane l'irllin or I
Uiiiyersily. Congressman l’hillip lliii'ton of f‘alifornia .iint ll-n
Itobci't McAl'ci- llrowri irf Hiriiil'oril Ilriivr-rsily
The conference Will discuss rirerhorls of obi
i-sly for the up to one million men who are still being pi-ir .1
I relinim war lil'lll't‘ﬁl‘lllrlll\i"~ IiiIIli‘

inning riiiciiinlii .

amp
for iicliVIlii‘s related lo the V
rights groups, the religious r-oiriiruiirrly, arid \llitlt'iil .Illll \\H|ll'
orgirriruilions have Ill‘i'll rnvili-il Io .illi-nrl
'l‘lii‘ conference It. being sponsored |I)IIIII\’ lit‘ the :\iiri-ir« ill ‘
Liberties Union, the National ('oiirri-il ol ('liiiii-bm Illl‘ l‘ .N K v
Student Association, the National (‘iriifi-iivrii'r- ol Illml l..|\\‘ w
Vietnam Veterans Against the War

/\\
NEW YORK

lllh filliir'l' as .i iiiriyiii‘iill) f'illlfllllillt‘ .il 'ylrllu'. Iii-p .\l.iio- l-
siiid Wednesday he wrll .islr llllll .i llii‘i-i- Judgi- federal pan-I r -r
and report publicly on his (‘llllll‘thl'l'hlitI grand no r It‘iillllltlll‘.

"1 Will :isli lliir. panel of Judges lo revrew lliose llIll|||Il"i lo: ‘M
purpose of determining wlii-llier‘ or not I look the bulb \rrrr r i‘r“
or any ollii-r' privrli-gc on my personal finances," Hi: It
lleirior'rrilic (frrrigrcimriiiin said

“I know what the outcome Will he l“|ll'llll'|. .is 1'.Il|lllll.li‘
Illilyili', I Will rl'li'risc Within the iii x1 few days ii sliilcrircirl H| III»
worth approxnnali-Iy $50,000 " w
ALIIANY

A tili mcnibi-r itllllll'lll assembly to represent the :ll‘iihoir nitrif-
til the State University systcirr wnh rippi'oyerl Wi-ilni'sil.r\ |r'~ ‘-‘-'
irnivcririty'ii lloirrd of 'l‘riisti-i-n

The assembly Will have no formal powvr' Iilll wrll ini-ii-Iy .itlnu ‘wr

“consultation rriirl the exchange of Inforrniilioii" IN'IWI'I'II H”

ritudonlir, chancellor and trilstveii of the llllivt'l'hlly
The Assembly concept goes a ritcp farther than the
of the chancellor iricuting periodically Willi ritudi-nl |)It.‘h|(l|‘llI-‘i

present pi ..i in!
\l’

FRIDAY, /\l’l{ll. 7.7, I‘l'l'i

 

"Affirmative Action" for Equal Employment

by Ronnie Fallon

and Audrey Seidman

Progress was made in Albany
State‘s Afﬁrmative Action Pro-
gram for hiring with the recent
appointment of Dolores Barracu-
no Schmidt to the newly created
position of Equal Employment
Co-ordinalor for women in the
personnel office. Her job is to
upgrade Ilic position of women
at all levels ofthe University. .

Ms. Schmidt‘s responsibilities
will include rewriting the Af-
ﬁrmative Action plan to cori-
forirr to the requirements of the
Statewide Equal Employrncnl
Plan for SUNY, and implcmeiil-
ing the program.

    

This program will hopefully
include the counseling of stu-
dents, since many of the talent-
ed and high-ranking students do
not go on to graduate school and
doctoral programs. Statistics
show that only one out of one-
hundred women students go on
to graduate school, decreasing
the number of women available
for high positions. Of the wo»
men employees of this universi-
ty, most are instructors, or hold
other low-salary positions, while
men hold the high-salary admiri-
islrative and research positions.

Recruiting is an area under
reform by the program. Often

Ms. Dolores Barracano Schmidt-the newly appointed Equal
Employment Co-ordinritor for Women.

women are not aware of job
opportunities, and these posi-
tions are ﬁlled by personal refer-
ence. Now, all position openings
are advertised nationally and in
women’s and minority-oriented
publications, according to Leon
J. Calhoun, Director of Person-
nel and Equal Employment Op-
portunity. All advertising must
state that the Stale University is
an Equal Employment/Afﬁrrna-
live Action employer.

Ms. Schmidt will also be re-
sporisiblc for insuring womcn
equal salaries and promotional
opportunities as men. It was
noted [but as ilic contact with
students decreases. the salary for
the position increases.

Ms. Scliiiiidl feels that the lack
of qualified women in advanced
positions is due predominantly
to the attitudes of society. She
does riot feel that a woman
should he faced with ilic deci-
sion of choosing citlicr .r career
or ii family. Statistics seem to
indicalc. however, that many
women do make this choice. A
program that would CtlSt‘ this
situation sorncwlirrl is one allow-
ing an employee of the universi-
Iy to \hill from full to ptlllvlllllL‘
employment witlroui ii loss in
status.

Ms. Schmidt was awarded a
Bachelor of Arts in English by
Hunter ('ullcgc ((‘UNYI and a
Master of Arts in American Stir-
dies by Ilic University of |’ciiir~
sylvzrniii. llcr doctoral studies
were abo completed at the Uni—
versiiy of Pennsylvania.

When asked how she bcciiiiic
irricrcsicd Ill ilic field of liquzrl

Hughes Commencement Speaker

United States Senator Harold E. Hughes of Iowa will be the commence.
mcnr speaker Saturday, May 26, at State University of New York at

Albany.

Senator Hughes is serving his first term in Congress alter havrnq served
three terms as governor of Iowa. He is chairman of the Senate Labor and
Public Allaiis Committee's Specral Committee on Alcoholism and Nar

colics. He also is chairman ol the Labor and Public Welfare Comiriittee's

Special Subcorrrmiture on International Programs and of the Armed
Services Subcommittee on Drug Abuse in the Military, Durriiq the lrrsl
scessrori ol Congress he served as a member ol the Select Coriiririrrce on
Equal Education Oppoi lLlllIiV.
Senator ||iiqhirs served twrrzrr Lrs (illdllllldll ol Ilic Diririornirtir: Govciriors'
Conference, lie is u qrirdualc ol the UtllVfllSlly of Iowa, solved in the U, 8
Ai my in World War it, illl(l holds honorary degrees from ll institutions.
The SUNYA coririrrcriccirioiil proqrtrrrr wrll begin at 2 phi. on the football

field.

WIHEIN AVI'NUE

 

    

the d
0
ﬁgighbor.

The Austrian Rod Cmu

   

im’irT/iv, Al’Rll. 27,1975

     
     

 

Graduation Cards at

PEARL GRANT

RICHMAN'S
STUYVESANT PLAZA

 

 

 

Employment Opportunity, Ms.
Schmidt replied that she person-
ally experienced prejudice in her
advance studies. She believes
that women should receive the
same encouragement to continue
their studies as men students.

Ms. Schmidt would like to
invite women of the University
to come and speak to her about
any problems pertaining to this
area. She is in once every two
weeks now, and begins full time
in July. Her office is located in
AD 345.

***

Mirroriricx ('oor'di'rialor Needed

According to Personnel Direc-
tor Calhoun. ilicrc is also a
request in the next Suite Univer-
5in budget, presently before the
legislature, for 11 similar coordi-
nator for minority groups.

The Affirmative Action pro-
gram began at Albany Septem-
ber 28. W71. 0n Mary K. W72
Ilic University Senate voted to
approve a Statement on Allll'lllll-
tivc Action aid also requested
that the (iitltllllllt‘ Aczrdciiric
('ouncrl consider tlll Afﬁrmative
Action policy in the recruitment
of graduate students. The state-
IllL‘ill gives‘rhe major objective
of the pr'ograiri as to “change the
past rccrrririiiciil and promotion
procedures and to insure cqrral
ItCtlllllClll ol all candidates."

It also relates lllc misunder-
standing dial the program is
“discriminatory against non»
minority persons and advocates
reverse discrimination."

Malcolm J. Sherman. Associate
Professor of Malli, objects to the
Affirmative Action Program on
the basis of reverse discrimina-
lion. Believing the program

    

the Afﬁrmative Action.

 

would lead to “racial quotas and
preferential treatment for minor‘
ities and women," Sherman
sought the advice of the Anti-
Defamation League of B'Nai
Brith. He believes the program
will mean a “lowering of quali-
ty” and it will raise the idea that
groups that assert that right are
going to increase. A member of
the Committee for Academic
Nondiscrimination and Integrity.
Sherman believes opposing ac-
tion must be taken on a national
level.

The program is not asking for
“favored selection," said Cal-
houn. It seeks "qualiﬁed minori-
iy people and women to com-
pcic for the jobs." He did say
llltll perhaps some requirements
have to be redefined.

()l the 10-15 resumes received
daily. Calhoun found that prior
lo the Afﬁrmative Action Pro-
gram an “insignificant per cent-
.igc" were recognizable as minor-
iiics'aiid about 1% were from
women. Now about [0% are
from women find minorities. Al-
so these applicants now identify
ilrcrrisclvcs as such.

Dr. Eugene Krai/ of the Equal
limploymcni Office of the
SUNY (‘entral administration
sees the program as “widening
the pool" of applicants with “no
preferential treatment. no re-
verse discrimination."

When asked the difference be-
tween Equal Employment and
Affirmative Action he said. “Ask
three people and you got four
answers." He believes that the
SUNY plan for Equal Employ-
ment is “responding to the need
of society, not merely the con-
tractual obligation" required by

/

 

$10.00 — single

 

Country Squire Motel

corner RT 20 8. RT 146

3 miles Thruway Exit 25
close to Schenectady & Albany

Restaurant-Lounge-Pool

Adjoining Family Rooms

3898 Carmen Rd. 5l8-355-3IIO
Schenectady, NY 12303

TV & Phones
$14.00 — double

 

 

 

_,___._.—_——

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

PAGE THREE

