 

 

Italian N

by Kenn Rabin

Somewhere slightly to the left of the Documentary. to the right of
Naturalism, lies the Italian Neo-Realistic tradition. This term refers
to the films of DeSica, Rosellini, Visconti, and others immediately
before, and after the second World War. Twenty years of Fascist
dictatorship, culminating in the War, produced ii national spirit and
awarenﬁs of the common man that was rivalled perhaps only in the
Soviet cinema of the 1920's.

Neo-Realists who grew out'of this school--first Visconti, DeSicii,
Rossellini, and then Passolini, and eventually Fellini-believed that
the common man was able to represent himself in the popular
medium, and that the cinema was a logical extension of the
“historical drama;" a fictionaliZed plot (based perhaps on a
legitimate newspaper article or a headline of the time, enriched, as
often as not, to the point of sensationalism) was set against the
naturalistic background of The City.

The City, at once real and metaphorical, is a menacing environ-
ment, against which the Common Man must fight for survival. While
the Soviet films of the silent period used the Common Man as a
symbol for political power and proletariaii ends, the Italians used the
Common Man to plead for a resurging of broken spirit, a rising out
of the ashes of war, of povvrty, of emotional defeat.

Fascist films, purely for propaganda purposes, formed the back
bone of pro-Neo-Realism in Italy. The Fascist goVernment supported
many of the larger cities' studios, and the producers at these studios,
would, in turn, favor the films and directors that would be most
favored by the govrzrnment. Ironically, the least interested in what
was happening ﬁlmir‘ally were the common people of Italy. The War
almost entirely put an end to film production, biil anti-Fascist
factions slowly developed underground and sought to revive the
spirit of the people of their country.

This is how the early talents developed. But The NEU‘RCHIIS‘IIC
movement, the one that would spark off violent controversy, praise
and condemnation from foreign critics, bloomed and then exploded
with Roberto Rossellini's work, ROMA, (,‘I'I'I‘A APIERTA: Rome,
the Open City.

The International Film Group is proud to dedicate the month of
February to this important and controversial moVement in contem-
porary ﬁlm. We will begin on Friday, February 0th, where, the
movement itself really began, with Rossetlini‘s OPEN CI'I‘Y. OI’EN
CITY, ﬁlmed during the War on dated and severely damaged film,
was halted constatntly during production because of lack of funds,
stepping up of war activities in the Rome area, and discouragement
from the various factions involved. It was filmed almost entirely in
secret, and stands as a living testimonial to a time period chaotic and
infuriating, destructive, and yet inspiring. It stars Anna Magnani in
what most critics believe to be her best, most spontaneous role. We
hope you may share with us the excitement of discovering, quite
literally, tenderness and dignity out of the ruins of one of the lowest
moments of modern civilization.

We will continue our series on Friday night. February lti, with
Vittorrio DeSica's classic, The Bicycle Thief. DeSica was known in
the early forties as a filmmaker predominantly interested in children.
Because of this, he was the most favored of the directors of this
period, by the people of his country. The neo realists, Ironically
enough, caught the attention of foreign critics long before they had
a popular market in Italy. The Bicycle 'I'Iiief, however, was always
popular and welllaccepted alll over the world. It is the story of a
man, and his job. His job demands that he haVe a lilt‘yt'lt‘, and, when
it is stolen, the job of retrieving it becomes a life and death thing.

On Friday night, February 23,1.F.G. will present Viscoiiti's [tor-en
and His Brothers (This is a particularly long film, anrl will only In-
shown once. Please watch our ads for more information) Luchiiii,
Visconti is one directrii whose films today a'i- still reagardeil as purl
of the mainstream of the movement he helped to start over three
decades ago His [tut-ctr and his Brothers, an extension. a sequel
almost to LA 'I'IL‘ItItA 'I‘ItI‘IMA and SENSO, is ii lyrical story of four
brothers in a large, Northern urban City The l'aniilty llllll as

 

is studied, as well as the effect that thi- envrronrneiil has on different
types of relationships

Our series Will conclurle on March 2nd With a lighlei film, an early
film by Federico Fellini, NIGII'I'S OI" ('AISIIUA Starring his Wife,
Guiletta Masinii, the film is a romantic l'lillli‘tly Wllll tragic
overtones, iibiiiii ii Itoman prostitute and her feelings about love and
commitment I“. sentially an enlargement of ii short scene in his
l‘ilrllt'! lilrn, 'I'lll‘l WIII'I'Ii Sllll‘lK, (.‘aliiriii Iiiis grown “II” a l'llill'iil'll‘l
Who is iiiiiw-rsal and memorable NltilI'I‘H ()I" t‘.v\IllIl|i\ was mad.-
into an American mUhlf'Hl play by Neil Simon, .‘iiiri'rl l'liiirrh lipiin
exarniriaiiiiri, this adaptation ri-Veiils .ill of the li-ri-Is iii Fellini.»
feeling towards Illii character, and plays upon IIll' triigil'ornii-
atriumplii-ri- that Fellini I'ri-iitves Ili‘l) plans Ill slliiw lllt‘ llllll
Version iiI .H'uri'i'l ('lirrrily as part iii the” norms iiri III|' Aliil-rii'an
Musical VIII”, lll'Xl year

The Final weekend of the Italian series Will sport a midnight
shownig of a very iiri Italian fillm, IL'AH'I' OI" EDEN, starring James
Dean, and directed by Elia Kazan The film, based on the novel by
John Steinbeck, was requested by Il“.(1‘ audiences last semester,
Virtually more than any other film

view/arts/pre view/arts/prévrbw/artS/
0-Rea lism

 

Char/es Rosen Plays, Speaks

Ar/ ofrlre Fugue and The (in/il-
hcrg I’irrirlliorrx - and the last six

('hailcs Roscn, Ilic iccoiding
and conceil pianist, plays at the
Performing /\II\ ('crilcr, Slate
University at Albany. on Friday,
February ‘l. 82.10 I’M, Millll

Theatre. 'I ickcls are 53 ($2 Willi

SUNYA student idciilil'icaiion,

SI Willi SUNYA l2l.\' curd). Ilos
office. 457Axollo.

In an age of specialilalion.
when i] "Hill of uncommon abi-
lity is expected to excel in only
one field, ('harlcs Roscii is that
rare ai'ii', ii llUL' Renaissance
inaii Although he is principally
ussocialcd with iiiiisic. l'oi him it
is also ll licld ol diversified piii~
soils which he covcis With an
enthusiasm and till intellectual
curiousin which arc the Ilull'
iiiaiksol genius

Mi Roscn'x pianisin is today a
mailer ol irilcinationiil acclaim.
In American and abroad, lic Lllll
sislcntly Wins licin l;llllt.'l\ lit]
the authoritative and sensitive
Iiilcrpicliitions ol llic iniiiiy
coiiiposcis wliosc \\‘Uil\‘\ be per-
liirins llisscll-clliitiiigapproach
scivcs iiuisn Illl IllL' sake oi
rniisic III\ I\ no \llllp'tlth' :iiii-
liiilc .l\\ll|llt'tl lo dciiiiiiislialc
personal ll.iiiibuy.iinc ol ll.i~.ll)
kcylumril \‘iiliiosily lil \\llillt‘\'t'l
kcyliirillil slylt‘ llt‘ tllllll\t‘\ lii
play, the listener l\ iIVv'illt‘ dial
the ilillsl's Illlt‘llllt‘lillltllM .iic
li‘lllltlHL‘Ll by .i general know-
li'ilgc ul lllll\lL' unusual Ill .lIl\
.IILU

IIK' liiis ll'it'llll\ been lIl\lli'il
Ii) l'iciic Iluiilc/ Ill lL'illIil lll\
illlllplt'lt' piano VlUlIA lIt' \\.r\
also IIIVllL‘il by Igor }.Ii.i\iii\k\
lo rcioid lllt‘ Muii'rrii'lili tor
l'iirrru tllli/ ()rr-lii'ilr‘il Will) the
ioiiiposi-i iiiiillliclirig 'Ilic most
recent of Mi Roscn's llldIl)’ ic
cording» arc the coniplclc Iiilc
kcyhoiiid works of Iliitli Ilii'

 

iiccluiiii extraordinary

soiialas of Beethoven on (‘oluni-
sciiicliiiig study. He is ii iciiiiuk
(irainoliponc Marga/inc Llccliiicil.
“Everyone able to respond to plillllsl tThc Sunday Times.
fine llccihovcn playing \lioiild
iiiiikc ‘il point of hearing lIlL'
Wliolc ol this record."

Musical literature and liislory
have played an importaril part in

coiiipiiscrx like Igor Sliiivnisky
and Viigil 'llioiiison \\Il(l Ii;ch
wrilicri div/ling coiiiinciiliny on
thcc ails, but few musical por-
l'oiincis are worth lislcriinp in
after they piil ilicii iiisliliniciils
(‘lusi-ir-ul .S‘Iylc-Ilayitn, anur'i. iiWiiy. ('liuilcs Rmcn is a slug.
gciing exception to llll\ rule"

 

 

 

PAGE 6A

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1973

 

 

 

 

#
M

The reiurnlngPriraners of War, and
those who are Still unaccounted for
Mission In Action land their families)
need your support now more than
ever. For any' POW/MIA info, or
bracelets, please contact Gail Kuhn at
457-8990, or come up to 1104
Livingston Tower on Colonial Oiiad.

MAJORS & MINORS

The Deparlrrienl oI Slavic Lani
guages and Lirerarures Will nieseiii ii
film and lecture "Sliilin at HainIi-i".
Castle" on FCINIHIIV 1/1 in 4 PM HI
L05.

.ii...

Scull Adams, Senior Sliill Si It‘tlll‘,l
nl the Biological Sciences Communi-
cations Project located at the Medn .il
Center of the Genriir- Wirilllllllllrll
Uiiiversiiy, wrll (,ponl llr llie Irilllll,’
and sliidenis ol IIH: SUNY School or
Library and lnlarmarion Scrence on
Tuesday, Fobiiiary lit, at l 3t) PM, .r.
Lecture Corner A, on UNIS/ST.

nun-n

The Sacrery of Physics Students

Will bold .i tlls'l‘lllltl lel Mirllllriv
feliruary l2, ill l'lll PM ii low
129 A rririvu- illllllll lune iilll'tl
" Time Is," Will be shown

Geology Club niiii-miii i. p ,i
day, Feb in ii llr’llt' time
“5.3le

lhe Pre Medical /Pre-Derrial Adv:

sary Committee iwii" ii‘ i,lll.‘\(rl
'illitlmils plarnirriir to .ilirr «, r illlt‘lll’ i
or dental schools li.r l it. Will i.i

riii'isliili lli liftll‘illfl m" l' wr VI v iiiiil
Uinvmsily (:lllll‘lll’ llllllll‘l' r'v-I, "'i
ill-iris may lllllillll llll'  mi 2-  i
Itillll‘. Illilll ill I’, 'lti Jyllﬂ' ,i- ‘-

ilie lillliill VJllll ilie Lullil' iii...

Wlii-ri ilIIIIIlll‘ll‘tI lllllll'. .irr- 'I‘lll'lll'll
piriii-iliii.il .nliiiinarnir i lllIi‘t'W‘
iiiiili-ri.il-, 'lr' i llrlllllli"l‘l' II" n.
Illl'llllillitill ,‘jlll 'lit‘H i,.- llljli't, i
impair-«ml i||ll)ll .iil

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

Scholarships available for the Wur-
zburg Program. The University of
Wur/biirri has assured us that i. in-
tends to otter once more several
scholarships to participants in SUNY
-Wiir/biirii l’riiirriiin who have demon-
slriiled llllITiliHHIIIlq .iI iideinit: achieve.-
iiieirl. Slitill‘lll‘. applying for the pro—
gram should inillvaie if they would
like iii In! Llillﬁltlt'llltl lor one of the
scholarships. Although the SUNY
selection i oininiiir: recornrnendsslii.
dents lor the silioliirsliins, the final
decisions on the awards is made by
the University of Win/bum Cotil-

"lll lee.

 

INTERESTED FOLK

Episcopal Sunday Sen/ice .ii It) fit)
/\ly1 ll Aliiiiiiirliirt (.ilVlllliI Lower
lillilllll‘ /\ll I’Itlll'Hlillll‘, wieliiirrie
Ilil Iiirilii-v in’oiniaiiiin i our." l lli-v

ll.ii i illI l<.i-iiri (:lliﬂll'l IIli’l'iI‘

l.’ll‘i ii live lain-i .uiii .ipi-al on The
Biology of Salvation Iiiil.iy I'l‘ll ‘I
il l l'l/l .ii 'lll‘ I’lly'n- i. Hnilllllii]
ll-riiliri‘ ‘ii- ii‘.~ 'I’ll try ltlll‘i Vill‘illv

("Hull .- mini/«uni,

i’iw . . lirarii-nuii lll‘llll riiie Un»
rvcri‘rly chlaflng r. llll‘ ‘lllfllHll‘.
,-.I .i l in! iii-ti reuiiiiru llli'y IIill‘.I
 ll i.. ii i. vi-m. yl'll yiuil rim
i on v ,. ii u-ri run 1 ‘li-iuiyiiiir
"i iii' ' lw- .l,‘ Fililmi lliil‘

v ,..,i  n i, la smiiiiii

 

All Your Gilllviilll‘l'a‘ ‘. lllb' in.

M ii irii, ii .l on riiiiv .‘,llllll‘ilr

 

(l .1l. i ’,l will, iiii l.“-

i. ..V : i,',.iiii.-,.ii, 'v o ,' Ii‘ItllI

i |i‘.,,1,_v -i i-i ', . rlill
 n.1,, lrl‘iiil'lillli
hm, I”, , , i, ,,, iii 1m .- iiii-v.

,. ,v ,v imam

i.-..i.i,i..,i i .. o ‘li
ii,“ i.-_ illl’,l‘I‘-[‘li'|"

int-iiiii ' 'ui ‘l‘l

Anyone interested In the Ins and
outs of rehibltion ls urged to come to
an organizatlonal meeting of the St-
udonr Corps for Rah/(mien this
Saturday nighi m 10 PM in LC-23.

Back to the "good old daysl” No
riots, no lose morals, no campus
"filth." The Waterbury Hall Goldfish»
Swallowing Society believes in good
clean, healthy, fun, If interested, call
Bill after 10 at 472 836?.

GYHO wrll gyriale down in
Florida in March. Come along! Ci!“
7 4740 and ask for Punirn.

Auditions for Most Happy fella
begin llllJ. ll. There will be two days
of singing aiirl dancing audi-
iiorisl‘l 1&12l and two days of drama-
tic auditionsllilléildl You must at-
tend one day oi each. The times are
lllh. 2-6p.rn. and lZih-Mih;
7 30p,ni. All auditions will be held
(tn the main stage of the PAL"

.....

Aldcnherry Cinema announces the
presentation this Friday night of IWU
more lilrns. Al 7PM, 16 in Webster
Grove dllLI Iollowriiii iii 8PM will l)(‘
The Fortune Cookie.

Slum-iii Senators Spill iril Moeliriii ill

Ill)“ PM on Monday. February lEl,
IEJ7Il reiiiirdiiiii Hill 36 iiiialn

WHAT TO DO

All llllin'ISlIy wnninn Kappa Delta
lllVlIl“. yllll yo .i (Liiriiiii opiii Piirly on

Sunday Iriliriinry ll,.i17llll Corrie

.iliil irior-l II‘.

Aldenberry Cinema jtlyllll‘ilv
,iiiiiiiiiiiiin, the presentation the. in
iliiy Illtllll llI two Illlill' lllllll ll‘y WWII";
The Comic An in the erties at / PM

75 In Webster Grow: .i ‘.I‘Iri| i lrllltl

virlnlil [lillli‘i irll ilm “dimly”, rm",

‘.llllri\l ‘ll Allll'l'l iwrll lir- Illt".l'llll'll
til we lit/.ilr'iliiiiy Main Lt‘lllli)“ lii:
lirv,iliil ..i it PM villll iii- llil' I.iii
ll'llrllr-ill Will-u Manniii ‘Iillll‘tiy

[lii- I iiiiiiriw i ii .i lt' ' [\(lllll‘ﬁil‘ll u.

Ill't'

PSI Gamma and Alp/la PI Alpha
inim- .ill 'iii,li.-i--. ii- .i ‘;ii.iirlii-iii

IIlIllll‘I ‘liiriiliiy ln‘l» ll 'i PM lli

Von Ill'll‘.'it‘li|l'l ll.ill

liilll Fin Gamma l..i I rr.iiiirii.ii.il l’l'

mirror) imr, ri ii iliiiiiilnli- iiiil

«1 Unix lull Win minim, l..., i,’
ii iii PM fvll‘i'l iii l/.|lr lil'll

  
    

Gamma Kappa PM and STE lnvlte
all rushees to loln them in a 'snowball
tight (well, maybe!) and keg on
Monday night, Feb. 12. All women
rushees should meet in Herkimer at 9
PM.

Come ice skating with Gamma Kap
and Pam” Club and then enioy a
relaxed supper of hot dogs on Sun
day Feb. l1. All rushees invited.
Meei in Herkimer or Hamilton at 5
PM.

All universer men and women are
armed to celebrate Valentine’s Day
with Chi Sig and 5TB at a purple
passron party, Wed , Feb. 14 in John
son Hall Irom 9?

All university women are invited l0
take a study break wrrh Chi Sigs, at
an ice cream social on Sunday, Feb
18 in Ten Eyck Hall from 3-5 pm.

Ihere wrll ht‘ ,i Chi Sig - APA Bash
lIII Friday Hal) 9 Ill the lower lounge
Ill Inn Eyck Hall from ilS PM
TIIUH' Will be ii for» iii 50 LI‘III', All
llIIlVHIﬁIIV mill] rlIIf‘ WUYYII’II iilI' till

iiiuriiriorl Ill pun «is.

Miser llll‘ iiiiiiiii-is «it Bera Phi
Sigma in rheir leri wrili Kappa Delta

sorority. All riiglim-a and people in-

vited. it ()0 pin Iliiirsilay, fell. 15 in
Si hiiyler ltiill, I)lll( li ()iiiiil. Plenty of

lll'l‘l iIlllI Illll Illl .ill.

u..-

Game Night with Beta Phi Sigma

H ‘lli pin Mlilltlrh , l i-i l.) l‘ Hi iniyler

Hall, lliiii l. l)ii.iii. Mm-i im- lill,llit'[3,

lliiiil llt'i‘I‘ ploy it iirirn-i, will», i'li,

ii iii. it way 'ii iiiiile iiw ii 'i l‘litl'l.

Loin.- ii. .i spccral collee-liouse Illl‘y

.‘Jl‘l‘ll‘llll ll‘illlll‘lltl Hiiiier .nirl l.’/y

it i. iii‘ i‘ mt ll-ii Il‘,'iIrlIlllli’ilIH

PM in ‘Ilt‘ l li-‘,lt]l' liiiiiiiyi- itjl;

giiiiiiiil lliiiirl Illl'll‘ will l..- .i luv lII

llii Ili'Illilll' illiI lll'i' l mli-e Ali .inv
vn-ii imii-

(,Hl'll‘ ii- .i -.ii.iil pulp, mill Chi Sig
..i. Mommy li'll l'.‘ ill imi tut
ll.iII It'llll l‘l pir All lllll‘.‘l{l‘illv
i’virllll'ii .ill' lllvllt'll 'll lllill ll'i

Summer of ‘42
is Coming

tiiiidcd in student tax

 

 

i0“

Resolved:

Should every undergroduolestude
that its up to you to decide. Be sure to vote

Al the some time... ‘
Vote in the replacement elecli
Vote in the opinion poll on W
Vote in the othe

*20% of the members of the Student As
referendum to be binding.

AXOR All?

YES _.-...,_,.._.,,E_.#..

Central Council urges every student to
not student tax should remain mandatory.
vote, the results of the relerendu

r opinion polls & on the constitutio

That the Student Activity Assessment Fee (student lox) be voluntary for

all undergroduotes...(lor the next two yeors).*

exercise their option to vote on whether or
If less than 20% of all the eligible people
m will not be binding.
ni be required to pay $60/yr. 7’ We've decided
l (Tuesday, Wednesday, & Thursday)

ons for Central Council 8. University Senate
here your tax money should be spent
nol amendments

soclotion eligible to vote, must vote for the

’34

funded by student lax

      

SUNYA Experlmenlal Theatre pre~
sents: Three People a drama by AR.
Gurney Jr. Friday, Feb 9 special
4:30, 7:30, 9:00. Arena Theatre,
PAC. Admission Free - ilckets avai|~
able at box office one hour before
performance.

Gamma Kap invites all university
women to come ice skating with
them and the men of Potter Club on
Sunday, Feb II and then stay for a
dinner of hot dogs and beer. Meet in
Herkimer at 4 pm.

MISCELLANEOUS

Winter Weekend is Coming waich
for details.

can.-

Rush The Sororities invite you to
ruin the Inn. Registration ends today.
Please contact any sorority Ior infor-

mal ion.

 

 

 

 

    

Low «'4 (on
lawn/low

Zoo

Urru urI/ii/ [ii-again“)
um i/iu/ 1/)t' vii/gr: from

rho/mull //Lr l/Ji'ir and
rub [)0/rr toruorrrrwr 0/ lore.

15ml:o lioani olIt-rs you the contra-

Ltpnvc plull‘kllon and peiuc of
mind you want and need for your
today; and tomorrows.
Developed with your needs in
mind. No hormones ihiil might
disrurb your body system or Affect
your pcncril liulili .ind well-
being. FL‘mllllllft'. Dainty. Gentle.
Naiural. (Nl'lllll‘l of you Will be
aware of its PYVSL'HtL‘.)

Use only when piorcuiiin is
needed. Applied in SL‘tUIILIS; effec-
tive immediately B'JLL’K‘LI by over
ten years of cliniul icsiing and
use by llllIlHlllS of women.

AT mumsrunts.
wtiiiuirT l'iitacniPrIoN.

EMKO . . . FIRST IN FOAM

    
 
    

.. .TWO WAYS
REGULAR, I’RE~FIL,
ii iii: If)!
WIII) ll)! upphum
app/Ilium that m”

I/ml u
[II/til
a! Iimr
r/ rm.

 

 

 

__________________'_-._~

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1973

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 
  
       

i. finals... .

i

