 

THE

8300

$.75 with tax cord
‘L

albany State cinema

mega Man
Thursday, May 3

$1 .25 without tax card

 
 
 
 

LC 25

 

 

 

are needed to be

Interested?

 

Friends
of Seniors

Ushers at Torch N ite
May 25

Graduation May 26

Contact: Student Activities Ofﬁce CC 346

 

 

 

 

Tickets sold in CC Lobby 11 to 2 daily

Questions answered: CC Lobby 11 to 2 pm

SPECIAL INFORMATION
FOR SENIOR WEEK

Tickets on sale for events and buses today and tomorrow only
(A Senior may purchase 4 ticketS) General Sale of Tickets May 3 to May 4

SUNVA ID and SA Tax card are required to purchase tickets

Anyone wishing to sell tickets should contact Chris Ryan M / 16

May 1 to May 4 and at CC364

lhere is no commencement breaktast as prevrously announced

 

 

 

 

$.75 - students

 

 

- ‘
I "‘ i’ ii I' I
H l .d d -
u u ’- '
L Fl I‘ l: 

Wed. May 2 8:00 CC Ballroom

$1.50 - general public
SPONSORS: JUDAIC STUDIES DEPT' HEBREW CLUB‘ JSC—HILLEL

“I luBDnis M1 DaDun;

With
THE

 

 

W8 BRIE

Compiled by Daniel Ross

 

 

International

BELFAST-Gunfire crackled early today in Belfast .it‘n-r ..
turbulent weekend in which three British soldiers were kliil‘ti and
another split developed in Protestant politics.

The army reported “a sharp increase" in shooting incidents during
the night but gave few details. Initial reports indieatr-d Roman
Catholic and Protestant gunmen probably were sniping at my},
other.

The three troops apparently were killed by members or the [nth
Republican Army's Provisional Wing. Snipers killed two of lill' mi.“
in Londerry and the third died Sunday in an ambush in iln- thitlnrlrt
New Lodge district of Belfast.

The killings raised Northern Ireland's known death toll [II more
than three and a half years of communcal warfare to 77p mmth
98 this year..

ROME-The Libyan government has implemented a [)ll\\|illll pnlil'i
which would in effect keep out all foreigners excl-pt lillrxt l'irm
Arab countries, an official at the Libyan f nbassy said il)ti.l\

Only foreigners carrying passports written exclusivr-li  \v..lr.
would be allowed to enter the country. he said.

The ban on till non-Arab passports has been in force in lulu. in».
Jan. ] for tourists, and it has occasionally been applied ill rllli'l' .l m
and missionaries. ILs extension to foreign technicaisn and inn Ill \.
men working in the country was interpreted in RUHTI' .n llit iii-ti
major step in a "cultural revolution" that has been (li-i-lau :l in. l'oi
Moammar Khadafy, the head of the Libyan regime.

MOSCOW-Henry A. Kissinger is coming to Moscow at llil‘ lllli or
the week. President Nixon‘s top foreign affairs adviser wrll \l~ll llil'
Soviet capital chieﬂy to prepare for the forthcoming l,‘ s '~l*~tl iii
Communist party chief Leonid l. Brezhnev.

He also will confer with the Russian leadership on whnr lllt \trn.
Houst- called a “whole range of bilateral problems" and ill. r' in-
news agency Tess said were “questions of mutual interest ’

He is to leave Washington on Thursday, arrivv horn l-‘ml m;
return to Washington after four or five days, officials in Mm. »-.« ‘ili
Washington reported.

National

ST. Lonis, M0,.

Major sandbagging efforts on levees along the ivilshlxsll'il ll ‘-"
north ‘of the St. LoUis area have halted for the first llllll' lll i.» i
the mighty river began “flattening out“ along southeastern .\li w ‘-
and cresting southward.

.More than 10 million acres of farmland. much "i ‘ i" "“
lurmland. remained under water along lht' Mississippi's l  "ili'
route anti thousands of families were left homeless,

lht- department of Housing and Urban Developmvni. lie “I”
Business Administration, the internal ltevr-iiiii- Sl‘l'Vll'l' .iirii rliv‘
federal agencies moved in to assist families and biisiiiwssm lli H m"
by flood waiters.

W()UNl)EDKNl:l:, S. i).-~'l‘he American Indian Mott-int lll .- i' ‘
sllpptii'tt'rs hold ii White on the i’ilit' ltidgo lti-st'rviiliiin Mirinl ii
the lirsl person killed in lilt‘ occupnliiiii til' Wtruntlt-rl l\“" [
gtchrnmt‘nl itlsti tillnlllllll‘t'li that negotiations il'l|lilll\'|‘i\ ill ‘ “
for Monday wr-ri- postponed

l

A l'iiiii‘riil i'iirlagi' of about Ell cars ill'l'lliillliillll'ti .i ill‘.il~l
lhl‘ “Ody of Frank (.‘lvarwatcr, l7. from linpiil l‘il\ In 5‘
hilmlt'l H few miles iiortii of Wounds-(l Kllt'l‘ 'l'ht- \wl-«I
concussion from [be elected lcntlcrs of the ()gliilit Sioux ‘l Illi'
they H'Jl‘l‘lt-d 2i reqilcsl by (Th-nrwtilcr's widow Iliiil [\lni In it
to bury him in the historic villiigt‘

‘HUWI'VI‘I‘, lhv tribal council ciiiilinut-tl its ri'slsltiiii-v |H "“"~ '
(,lcorwtitcr tiii tht- reservation. giving as it “Him!” the Iai'l 'lii
(load [Hill] was neither a Sioux nor an t-iirollt-il llll'lllllt‘l til liu

State

nifty/“YORK “‘4’: Milrlu liiitggi's 1971 grand Jury tt-siiinuiu "I l“
Minus wns ordered mitdc public after a federal yiulw' M""“""
accused the belcugured mnyornl caiididiitv of lr‘y’lllli 1" Hl'HI'IHW
exploit liIl‘ court." .

BArthur Christy. attorneyfor the Democratic i'iiiigii-ssriiaii 1le ll“

"’"xv uI’l’t‘ﬂled the dccraion. whereupon Judge ls‘diiiiintl l’alini-I
“'2”er the Hm”? illry mllmllm rescaled pending tilt‘ nillt'lilltl'

tum” 5"."“5 “ml‘i Biusgi firm! his t'iimpuign miningvi [or hit iamr‘

confidence in the l‘nndiduug‘

 

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

TUESDAY, MAY i, l‘)’/'5

 

 

Election Forum:

 

Another Round With Student Apathy

by Al Senia

The candidates for Student
Association President, Vice Pre-
sident. Senate and Central Coun-
cil came forth to meet the stu-
dents last night in Lecture Ceri-
ter 7.

Most of the students didn‘t
bother to show up, And most of
the candidates didn‘t. either.

So. iflusl night‘s open forum is
any indication. what is in the
offing for Albany State students
is a university-wide election that
is apathetic even by SUNYA‘s
own apathetic standards.

Most of the lalk by [he 25 stii-
dcnts attending llic meeting last
nighl---siudcnts what were. pre-
dominantly candidalcs for office
and not the unconvinced elec-
loratc—--ccnlcrcd around the sub-
ject of communication. Or
rather. the lack of it.

Presidential hopeful Paul
Rockwell led off the discussion
by asserting his motive for seek-
ing office: To make the student
voice licaid in the student
gllVCInlilCIll.

“My purpose. he explained.
“is to get at the sludcnls‘
basically the

iiilcrcsls,..llial‘s
reason why l‘m licrc."

(‘riiig Jcnkins. Vice President
of the campus li.().l’.S,A.. out-
lined llic dual purpose to his
ciiiiipaign. The election of a pre-
sidcnl who is “going to represent

the student body" and who is
going to “act as a bridge be-
tween the administration and
the student body.”

“If I was elected,“ he said. “i
would try to bridge the (commu-
nications) gap between the
majority and the minority morn-
bers of the student bodyand the
student body and the admini-
stration." His background in
dealing with both majority and
minority groups on campus.
would, Jenkins asserted. prove

useful in his role as SA presi-
dent.

Candidate Stcve Gerber. who is
making his second try for the SA
Presidency. called for “full stu-
dent control over all aspects of
their (university) lives.“ He out-
lined plans for reform of the cur-
rent contract the campus Facule
ty-Student Association mandates
on resident students.and he said
that as president he would en-
courage grealcr participation bc-
twcen representatives of specific

student groups on the campus
and the student government---
which provides most of the
funding for those groups.

Gerber also pledged to “re-
organize the student association
froni top to bottom" as a means
of furthering communication be-
tween the government and the
students.

The vice presidential hopefuls
sounded a similar llicrnc.

Candidate Andy Dolan pro-
prised ii “technique to get slu-

Ironically. the candidates' discussion at the open forum centered

around the lack of communication on

campus

dents involved" which would iti-
clude the “personal toucli"---
going around. shaking hands and
putting backs. "ll worked in
high school.“ Dolan said. "and it
can work here.“

Debbie Natansolin. who served
as media co-ordinalor in tho c\'c-
cutive branch this scmcstci.
scored the lack of communica-
lion between the SA bureau-
cracy and the multitude of sniiill
groups on the campus. As Vice
President. she promised to “act
decisively in the absence ol' the
president,"

Grievance Coiiiinilicc ('iIAIII‘
miin Barry Davis pledged. as vice
presidcnl. lo hold forums with
students as ii means of gauging
lhcir opinion, And he promised
to work for an activist sludcnl
governmcnl that would get iii-
volvcd with issues of relevance
to siudcnis---iuition hikes. park.
ing. politics. “The student
government should cxcrl leader-
ship.“ he said. "Get students in-
volved in their own lives."

Seth Ugclow. the fourth vice-
presidential aspirant. chastist
the current \llldL‘lll government
tor a "liiiliirc of leadership" IlllLi
called it “insensitive” to student
needs. He promised to \i'oik for
more student participation in
the universin decision making
process. “Student iiipiil into the
decision making has been l|llllL’
pathetic this year." be mild

Israel’s Rivlin Presents Areas of Interest

by Elizabeth Gross

Last 'l‘liuisday i-icning. April
In. Israel's ('oiisiil (icncinl David
Rivlin spoke to a near capactly
:iiidicncc in l.("l as pail til .i
week-long program ClilllllIL‘IlilI~
titling lsiucl's lilh Aiiiiivcisiiiy
('clcbiation. Ambassador Riv»
hn‘s spec-ch. “lliidcmaiiding is
incl 'l‘odiiy." dcall With lhicc
iiiapii Lucas irl iiitciest pczicc
with seciiiiiy. iininigiiilion. and
Israel's bonds Willi llic Diaspora

Rivlin strongly Clllpilttsllt‘d the
problem of lsracl‘s nccd loi
sccurily iii tiltiCl to insure lici
\lllVIVlli iii lilt‘ iiiidst .il lioslilc
neighboring Arab countries. llc
tlcsciilwd how lsizicl heard only
prophecies of doom lioni bolli
enemies and liiciitls lVrClll)’-fth’

ycnis ago when \ilL‘ ilcclaicd
heiscll' :1 stale and how she has
“had no pctiLL’ since their."
l’ciliiips lsiiicl'x biggest itllilll't‘
diniin her short L‘XlSlt’llL‘l' he
said. wax hcr inability to "picitc
lhc minds and hcails ol Aitib
neighbors lliul wc WL‘IC lilL‘lt‘ loi
pcacc." lsizicl will struggle liri
pcucc no matter What “a
peace Willi security. not put a
piccc (ii papcr. not pisl .in trial
and that
endeavors

[)ltillllM.‘ iii a plcdgc"
lhcicliiic practical
niiisl icsull fioiii lhiil policy

The uiiibiisszidoi continued.
dcsciihing lsizicl's iiiaicriul dc~
it'llsc nccds and stirrup, desire to
N” at the negotiation table Willi
lit-i Arab ncighbois. llc cniplia-
\l/t'ti lsiucl'x absolute nccd llll

 

1

$10.00 » single

 

Adjoining Family Rooms

Country Squire Motel

comer RT 20 8. RT I46

3 miles Thruway Exit 25
close to Schenectady & Albany

Restaurant-Lounge-Pool

TV & Phones
$14.00 - double

3898 Carmen Rd. 5I8-355-3IIO
Schenectady, NY 12303

 

dclciisc nialciiiil to lllilhil lllt‘
quality ol the quantity ol llllll\
ol' illi\llic ctiiinliics and the \llip-
geiiiig lil’i’ lli lax icvcniic th.il
siippoils ilclcnsc. Sllccllltli)’
stressing llic point that without
lhmc expenditures he “knows
lilili bracl is whipped “

Rivlin clzibiiiiitcd on Israel's
wish loi peacc. cspct'inlly for
negotiations Wllll lllL‘ Arabs:
 all we \viiiil is loi tiiii Al'di)
neighbors in conic lo the negoti-
:iliiig lithit,‘ to negotiate any Isv
\llc “

llc \liilcil qtiilc strongly that
Israel wantcd no imposition lll
peace from any sidc. be it the
llnitctl Slaics. Russia. or lhc
lliiilctl Nations. summing up the
t‘lllllL‘ pcacc problciii Wllil a quo-

Iiiliiiii lioin Abba |-,ban' “Isiacl
I\ not slioil of ideas Iin pcucc.
Israel is short of it lablc ltri
pi-at'i'" He also cxpicsscd his
itiiiiiliy‘x ilccp thanks to tlic
llntlcil Slates llll lit-i iindci~
standing and aid. dcclaiiiig lilttl
“the lliiilcd States today is ['10
giciilcsl liiciid lsixicl has."

l‘hc second part til Ain~
htlbhtltilll Rivliii‘s \|)L'L.‘Li| L'llll-
cciiicd Aliyah. lhc iniiiiigiulion
of Jews to Isiacl. He described
the difference of ininiigianls as
cultural. stating that lsrucl's
pitiblciiis itlici \Ct'llllly concern-
cd cdiicatioii Llllli cqiiahiy

'l'hc aiiibassadoi's tliiid and
liiiul ptriiil conccrncd Israel's
bond Willi the Diaspora llcws

not in Israel l. describing lsiiicl .is
a \pll'lllliti and \llilllldi LUlllL‘l ill]
the vavixh people No described
lsiiicl as small gcugiiiphictill) and
lacking in natural resources.
which he called "milk and
lioiicy." 'l'hc ambassador cvirkcd
liiiigliICi wlicii lic \lltlt'd. “Wc
have to have .i good talk nilh
Mmes--whcrc is this milk and
huncy""

llc \taicd that lllllllslll. lllt‘
support of lhc llniicd Siatcs
and lici quisli toiiiniiiiiiiy. the
continuation lii lhc L'Clth‘l'llL‘.
and the eventual enlightening
thoughts ~lliAIiliHIClL'J1hLifS. hpr
and Would ciinlintic to help Is-
lilt‘i :iiid Iliiil he is “full of hope
that we shall we lhc light in our
time "

 

  

 

“it'l'l‘llil'Uf .'\diiiissioiis, Mniilinliamilli- Liollcgi-. l’iiii ildM'.

i3 Manhattanville College

Summer 1973

Slur/it's in Quriri/ily and Quality ri/ Li/t' siwims n no Ill

'I'Iiejoitriia/iirri Irirlilult' xiwim ii

The Pub/tilting IliJfffll/t‘

Hill” I. lune ii-luly 27 (7 Wt'l'hh)
SESSIONS: ll. lum- 25-luly 27 (‘3 Wet-Its)

iii. luly iii-August it (5 Wt'l'iu)

Munliziltain lilt' Olivia-

0 Day and luu‘tiiitg (Initial-s ll| Ail, Mimi. ‘
itt.ll(‘\, litailtintt-s, Qiiahhril High \i hold Students
lugi .lIll\. it'dl inn ‘3 ('ci illlt illltlll (Zoom-s

I islll i mirror.“
0 illil'tlilu ipliiiaiy l‘

Hl'ﬁhll iN I”

St It‘ll! 1‘3, lltiiir.tiiitii‘s‘

O (hit-(hit till-ll. Ali itriitlitiiiiii-ii ('lamtiiiiiis
O Rl'hlIiFIlIIJi Ri-t it-.iiioii.il .iinl ('iilltual inn ililii-s

I Sllllilltl’l ‘xiiitlii-s iii ital) and Spain

i‘kri' iiim iliill' WI “1'

NY. lllli77

‘l l 'l/EMb-‘JtiUU

 

 

TUESDAY, MAY 1. 1975

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE 'l‘HRl‘Il‘

 

 

