 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Bernstein -
A Quadraphont'c Encounter

‘ and logically enough ‘ emovements are meant to
"sanguine" or “phlematic” etc. To say that the
f these moods would be a gross understate-

by Ron Bamell I '
To the vast majority of people who sit in their living rooms listening to the mustc

caning out of the hi-ﬁ, the world of the recording studio and the records that are born of
it. seems like the work ofa remote and sequestered order of wizards, who perform their
sonic miracles in a frenzy of rites as secretive and alluring as the search for the
Philosopher‘s Stone.

In actuality, it is never anything as exotic as all that,
occasionally performed. What is more often involved is men an
seating together in capturing forever the beauties of a composer‘s score.

It was therefore with great anticipation that ASP arts editor Andy Palley and myself
left for the big town one day last week, having been afforded the rare treat of being able
to sit in on an actual Columbia Records recording session with the New York Phil-
harmonic Orchestra under the aegis of no less than cunductorextraordiiraire, Leonard
Bernstein.

We arrived early in the morning at Columbia‘s large east-side studio, (re-converted
from an old church), to fin the technicians and engineers moving cables, microphones
and stands to prepare for the actual rccordiitg which was to begin at 10:00 a.in.sharp.
One by one the musicians arrived, and soon there was heard the cacaphoneous din of
valves. strings and reeds being tuned.

This was going to be a quadraphoriic form 0f rc
where the instruments of the orchestra are so positioned
when played backovcr a quadraphonic speaker set-up. the
placed in the center of the group. (Sort of an audio analogy ofa “theatre in the round
performance") Since I am myself presently producing a series of quadraphonic experi-
mental recordings Iicrc at SUNYA. as part of a special research project in rissociatiin
with the Music Department, I was doubly intrigued to see what ittclltods the large
recording company would use to record the orchestra. As | sooir found out, problems
soon crop up, whether large symphony orclrcstrti or college band, problciris such a; the
musicians being unable to sometimes play in phase all the ttriic ((‘riuscd mostly by the
conductor‘s inability to see all the musicians while they arc playing, due to the circular
arc scaling arrangement callcd for In the quad recording set-tip).

Tire two works being recorded this day wcic the 3nd symphony ol the
poser. Carl Nielsen. (written Ill 1001). and the ‘tStIi symphony ot the classical master
Franz Josef Haydn. For the Nielsen symphony. tlic outputs ol sonic It: :ondcrisor
microphoncs were being mixed into the inputs ol an it chatttrcl maslcirug triadiin and
on to thc Dolby-processed tracks of the I" tape In Ilic spacious control tooth with its
lounge-chair atmosphere and double-glass parirrclctl observation Window looking out
into the sttidto. we met the prodticcr. Mr. John Mct'lurt- (Who is now producing only

Mr. Bernstein‘s recordings. tlflL‘t many years III chaigc ot .ill of t'oltiiribia Records
classical offerings). I made mention ol llrc fact, in our lutct discussion that the rccording
of the Niclscn 1nd being made this day would t‘olttplctc t‘oltuirbta's recorded
discography of the six Niclscii symphonies. (As it Itttlts ottt II was almost exactly It)
years ago to the month that the whole era/c Ior Niclscrr‘x music was staitcd when
Bernstein t'ccotdcd tIic dramatically cscitriig 5th symphoin I. the 2nd symphony is

although miracles are
d machines toiling and

cording known as “surroundsottnd."
and recorded in the stttdio that
listener Iras the effect of being

Ditnsli coma

  
 
   
    
    
    
     
    
     
    
   
   
   
   
    
     
      
      
   
      
   
    

subtitled, “The Four Temperaments,‘
be evocative of sonre mood such as
music succeeds in a powerful ’cxpression o
merit.

Mr. Bernstein, wearing a Harvard sweat shirt, and a comfortable pair ofjeans, strolled

in the double-settled doors of the control room shortly before l0 am. and asked to hear
the opening of the first movement, as the assistant conductor went out in the studio and
fed the orchestra. Bernstein and McClure sat at the console, getting an idea at the
balances and levels, before Berstein went out and took over the baton for the actual
takes.
Take after take of the first movement of the symphony rolled by, as McClure.
following along in the score would pass instructions to the mixing engineer scatcd next
to him at the console to either raise ot lower the'microphonc levels covering '1 certain
group of instruments so they cotild be heard to better advantage (usually in the concert
Irall, the basooii or some other wood-wind can get lost in a Iotid passage and the control
exercised in the recording process shows its great strength in rcvcalrrig wrtlr exceptional
clarity the full scoring as the composer originally intended its to hear).

Once the mus ians got into the heat of playing, they Wcre iiblc to ma‘It‘ lakcsof up to
7 or it minutes in duration before stripping, During the pauses there was it great deal of
consultation between control room and the studio [loor over a private telephone Ii'rc.
the effects of the surround group lnlkl'tt' was evident as
truiimcts on the

  

As the scssiori moved along,
Bernstein wheeled around to givc cues to the players. llorris on the left.
right volleyed and thundcred in glorious passages reinforced by the strings. wrrodwrnds
and timpani.

At the end of the morning recording period and as tltc final icvcr’bt'iatioiis of the last
chords dicd ttWay, in the speakers. McClure clickcd on the iiitcrcom switch and tist
uttered one word.“faiitastic."

Just to give you one final idca ol the quality ol sotttid lhc cugtuccts were able to cap»
turc on tape, let me mention the fact that in rcgard to instruriiental isolation. when fed
just the microphone track bcing tiscd to record the titnpttui, you couldn't hear any tillici
iiistrurircrits playing, even I might add, Wlll'll l/lt‘l't’ \t'tl.\‘ (l i'ri'si'cttilo it: lllt’ oI/ii'r
orchestral sections. and the [imprint r(’llltlfll(’tl silent. ’

After Ittticlt the orchestra reassembled to finish up the last two movciiicirts ot t‘rc
Nielsen. Bernstein and the orchestra got mot sonic sticky string parts that had to bc
re-donc over and over againtii total of sonic lo scpaiatc takcs at the citd of one ol the
movements for instance.) Finally as the hands of the studio, wall clock ricatcd tin IIIt'
afternoon. the final take of the ending of thc last tnovcrncnt was rolling on "Inc and
(Tarl Nielsen‘s 2nd symphony was III the cart.

The final work that Bernstein was scheduled to record that day was Ilaydir‘s ‘titli
symphonytonc of the "London" symphonies.) With the departure of alriiost half oI 'IIL‘
palycrs called for ill the Nielsen, (llaydn uscs only two horns and trumpet: cmnpatcd to
the large horn aitd brass choir called for in the Nielsen.)

 

Literally surrounded by instruments on all sides, llcrnstcin cites the musicians at all points of the compass

during his Columbia Records tritadraplionic recording session for the Nielsen 2nd Symphony.

      
 
         
    
          
       
    
     
       
         
      
       
      
         
    
  
 

  

 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE 6A

    
 

FRIDAY, MARCH 2, 1973

 

 

by Joseph Daugherty

The French Connection was
released in time to keep Twen-
tieth Century‘Fox from be—
coming a supermarket. At the
end of the sixties Fox was in the
worst financial situation of any
major studio in the history of
“Hollywood.” The company had
sunk ten million dollars into the
ultimate G-rated picture, Hello,
Dolly and an almost equal
amount on a try for the soft
core market with films like Myra
Brecki‘iirt'dgc and Beyond The
Valley Of The Dolls. In 1970
there was a plan to turn the back
lot into a housing development.
The vice-presidents wort-
bringing their lunches to the
office in brown paper bags,

And then, like the (lawn, came
7710 Front-Ir ('iiiiiii'cli'on ii
film with it rather low ovvrlieiitl
which would pull an estimator]
world-wide gross of fifty~four
million dollars. Three months
after initial release the vice-
prt'sidents went back to eating
out,

The film, directed by William
It‘riedkin (director of the film
version of Boys III 7711' littltt/ and
The :Vi'g/ii 'l'ltt'y Rtlltlt‘t/
.tl/itlxk)".\), was I)i|$l‘(I on ti book
by Robin Moore who had I'it'
lIOt‘titli'M'd the ovcnts surround
mg an actual polict- Citﬁt'. Morn-c.
the author of "lllt' (r'l‘t'i'ti
Ift'rt'lx” aan t‘tt-ullllttir of “Hit
//il/t/t_t‘ llttttli‘t‘t'. H is it grarhiiiti- til
Iltt‘ lnt'ziinous Wi-itt-rs' School
and his \VttI'I( ri-zitls Iikt' soiiir- ol'
the mort- pucrilt- issues of KIM t
l)t'lt'(‘lll't‘ Shir/('3.

lllt‘ l'i't'ttt'lt (ii/incitith is a
Very traditional film, ('ops illltI
Robbers in its most liiisir‘ toriii
“Popeye” Doyle ((Ir-iit- IItH‘k
man) is a New York ('ity ('tili
interested his job (IUIN‘ wttlitiut
much regard for anyone who
gets in his way. The film follows
Doyle as Ire picks up the slim
leads which will result til it
massive drug bust. (lood guy,
Iiatl guy. Simple? Simplc. I‘Ivvn
though it's based on fltt‘l tiitt'
gets the fut-ling it's all Iii-t-ir (Ioni-
Ilt'ftll‘t‘. Wt’ll, it hits ill It‘tist .i
dozen, (him-n timt-s.

What differentiates 'I'ltt' l'l't'llt'll
(it’lllt't'ltrtll from t‘titttttll'ss titlti-i'
“Ker-pow, ker~pow, the \Vt't’ti or
crime may some iip wrtb sonn-
hitter fruit, but I still makr- intil't'
money than the tivvriigc cop."
movies is it strong snow of styli-
of the part of the director.

It'rictlkin fancies himself an art
rat and ht- enjoys fooling around
with rtttlit‘l' obvious metaphors
You got the l'cclinc he's trying to
bring symbolism to the masses
We can see this host in IIlt'
sequence where “Mr Big" (For
naiido lit-y) cuts a luxurious
lunch iii it “or restaurant wliilt-
hard working, tintlr-rpnrtl “l’op
rye" can be M't‘l] through Ibr-
window frt‘t‘tillu to (It-nth .is lit'
outs it show (if titltt'k t'trrilirig
piiza lictwtu-ii gulps of library
paste take-out coffee. 'I'Iir- “IPA is
blatant to the point of Iil‘li\|.l
embarrassing, but the WIlt)Il' film
is such a game one can't lulu-
any real offense

The basic inr-taphor in Lhc film
can be found iii the little scour-

wishes
Good Luck
to
Harry
(Hot Dog 1,

‘-.o.u...—u—u-..-o-.i-v -

FRIDAY, MARCH 2, I97 '1

l
I
I
I
I
I
l
l
l
l

 
 

FFiﬁ-‘AEF'QEM

in which "Popeye" and “Mr.
Big” play brand-out with the
open doors of the Times Square
shuttle train. Everyone is playing
carotid-mouse with someone
else in the film. It's all one
glorious and confused game.
“Popeye” chases and is chased,
bounds and is bounded, shoots
and is shot at. The characters
charge about after each other as
if they were locked in a house of
mirrors.

Now why, you might ask,
doesn‘t the audience and up as
bewildered as the innocent
bystanders trappt-d on the run-
away El of the famous t'htiso
St‘tltlt‘llt‘t‘ or the t’IilltII't‘li who
play at “I’iipt-yc‘s" t't-t-t when he
is attacked by It sniper” It‘s
Iii-caust- IIlt' t'htrrtit'tt‘rs are not
only playing llit’ giiint- with each
other they, and tho film, are
playing the samr- gamc with the
audience. I‘lvvryliody is toying
with t‘Vt‘rylititIy t‘lsv, It's ti lriL'k,
an illusion liItt- ont- of those trick
riddli's with an answer that 's too
simpli- to puzzlv out. The film is
like going through i form of
filmir fttii lirrttsr- wIir't't' nothing
iiiakr's vt'ry Iltllt‘lt st-nsi-

'I'Iro pt-rl'ormiinct's rrr- minimal
for IItt' film tIt'I'th'S its titrivv-
ttlt'tII not from t-oiiflicts but
from tho slim-r positrr‘r- Itlt'l‘lltl of
tirrrr- .tlltI t'\t'lli\ 'I'Iio film has a
llil\\.||(I titritron Ill'\'tt|ltI tltt~ l'llll
trtil of tho pcirplc III II. liIllt'Il Ilt
thr- Illittlllt'l' ol Illt' runaway I'll
I'lri-rr is, ill i'otirw~ (loiit' Iirll'is
Iri.iii tho but \\||I'II rir t'lllllllt‘lt‘lii
.H'lllt' lIt- llllllLl\ .iii .iiiirisriig
t'tillnt-ss Itl IIlt' rolr- ol' "I‘opt-yo"
Iloylt- \\Itt‘|l III"\ on lltt‘ *Vt't‘t‘t‘tl
you can almost siiicll llit' Ilt't'l'.
l‘i\‘t‘i')'tlllt‘ r-lw ]\l\I st-t-iiis to litl
.iloiig ltil IIII' i'itIo

I'Iit- Ifiittgli ('tip is riritliriig now
to films IIt' L'I!‘\\'t)||l HI IIlI' Kirk
Douglas rolr- iii Hill) Wilder's
film \ti-rsioii ot' l/tt‘ llt'lt‘t‘lll't'
.\/itl't‘ lIt‘ was ilMt-Iiipi-tl titttl
|lll|)t'tl\'t‘(l iii thr- littiws and six
Irr's by “till Sivgt-l iii sIH‘Ii films
as /'/n' Itut l/I .tlltI tltti/tgitnti
(Sit-gobs Iltt'lt l/ii/‘t'i’ niast Iln‘
li'titi/t (itlltlt'tlltlll IlNil\ :rliso
IIIIt'I\ r‘itlii‘tilotisl 'I'ltvrv's lltIIIl
Iltr.I llt'\\' ttt lllt' l't‘t’tltlt
(t'lllltll/t’ll. nisi .. wrist- of
\Iltiw I)|/ I-'rrt-t|kirt. as .i tIll’t't'ltil'.
knows how grtililiy Ni-Vt Yrrrlt
t‘rty can IH' WIillt' at tlit- \illllt‘
triiu- sot-tiring so sit-rile .intl III‘
has captured that ini\turi» of
i‘tlilSlt‘tI l‘llt‘hllillls iiiitl lilh fttiiitts
tltiit is .i No“ Ytii'lt ('it\' Wllllt'l'
Ills sr-iiso til slritt'ttti‘t' is. how
ctr-r, .i IIIIII' Wt‘llli Iltr l'l‘t’llt'll
(l‘llllt't/ll‘ll ||'.it‘lll‘.\ its t‘Itiitirx
ltitlf \\'.i\ into Iltt‘ t'rlni .iiirl llll'li
rust hangs .iioiiiitl Ioi .iIItilIit‘I'
liri’t\‘ llllllllII‘N

gitrirrrttltrirttItirtriitltiriiitttiiiirttltttuttlttrirttttl

i w Mummtﬂum

l
l
l
l
l
l
I
I
l

 

‘VI‘..'

'lltr' l'l‘t'llr'll (liiiitt'r'lton is both
ilivt-rtnig and amusing, but iiol
inttt'h t‘lst‘. If you'd IlIU‘ it very
uiitIr-iiitintliiig i-Vt-iiiiig it's IIH'
III!" for you. Bt- warned, liow
t‘\'t't‘, not to go in looking for a
gn-zir I'ilni Going to lllt' l'l’t'lll‘ll
(‘tllllll‘t Ilitll t‘xpi‘t‘ting ti t‘liul'
lt-ngiiig and i‘t-wnrtliiig l'tlrniv t-x-
pt-i'It-Itt't- |.\ it good tIt-ttl Ilkt'
biting into n chocolate covered
t'Iir-ri'y only to find out tht-rc
lkll'l .iiiy t'ht'rry inside. The
i'htit'iiltitt-‘s okay, littt ('hrist, I
wanted the t‘IiI‘I'l‘)’, tool

erilr- not for those who Itlttkt'
iloiiiiiirtls of IIH' films tht-y l‘It‘L'l
io sr-i-. l'or I'lIt' I'l’t'llt’l (iinni'o
Ilttlt is about llh tlt't-p its n litittlt-
cap. it is an easy way to kill an
t-yr-nriig and it's a lot Iil'lll‘t‘ than
.i sliiii'p sllt'lt in tho cyt-

/\ Lit/\NY STUDENT PRESS

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Experience
International Living

    
    
 

If you are interested in living in
SAYLES INTERNATIONAL HOUSE,
on the downtown campus, there will be two
interest meetings. It is mandatory that
interested students attend one meeting:
March 6 at 10 pm in Santos

March 8 T’pm CC l’atroon Lounge-
Any problem, call 457-8383 any weekday afternoon!

 

 

Will
TOWER EAST CINEMA presents:

THE FRENCH CONNECTIlDN

Friday, March 2 at 7, 9 and 11 pm
Saturday, March 3 at 7:30 and 9:30 pm
LC 7

$.75 with store quad tax

Short Feature: LE CHIEN ANDALOU

“WuwuuuttmrrttriuttttttﬂrtttttrinWltﬂulrurtmttu ‘

  
 
 
 
  
  

  
 
 
 
     
  

$I .25 without

PAGE 7A 3

