 
  
      
 
           
      
          
    
      
        
    
        
         
       
     
     

 

     
            
       
      
       
     
     
    
   
      
      
   
    
    
    
  
  
 
    
   
   
   
     
      
    
   
    
   
  
  
    
    
 
    
  
 
  
    
       
    
       
    
   
  
   
      
  
       
    
     
       
                  
          
            
       
    
 

 

 

 

ﬂit

editorials;

“"3

(They make a desert and call It DCdLE]

 

it“:
my

 

Ni

a : ’vuv' 'é
‘ Tacit 

 

 

W iii.

4-} V '
é "VEW‘IHY ‘-
islansma s, LA

   

 

/ {91(1th

117

Q\

ﬂﬁllf'u’tlii

his!

"(I

{a

      

 

 

)0”? new 7F/EY CAN measure as BECAU5E 0F 01/?
FUEL CP/5/5. L/EHTP, CLICK’CL/CK"CL/CK”CL/CK’ CL/CK”

       

it is a trend seen increasingly across thr-
nation in large public uanl’rsillL'S as Wt‘ll
as small private colleges. Young faculty
members, many of them excellent
teachers and researchers, are being fired
in an effort to cut rising costs anti meet
a student enrollment that is suddenly
stabilizrng.

Across the nation and here at SL’N YA
faculty expansion has come to a
screeching halt.

As long as enrollments .rnd faculties
were mcreasrng, tenure could be
conferred liberally. Those were SUN YA s
‘golden years.’ a time when the slut"
legislature poured money into thr-
sprawling SUNY complex, building thr-
largest university system in the world iti
only ten years.

During that decade the tenure issue here
at Albany State did iiot have quite the
pinch ll does now, Most professors who
applied for tenure got it. ’l‘hey were
needed to teach the rapidly grownig
number of students flowtng on campus

But then the state mood chaiigeil. and
the money spigotis were closed.

There was a declining birthrate,
meaning that fewer ritutlents would be
going to college.

And there was the frequently heard
view that a college education is not
always of paramount importance if one is
to be successful in life.

The tight tenure situation In likely to
continue as college enrollments continue
to stabilize and in some instances even
decline. The pressure on young members
is expected to continue, and we are
bound to see more controversial tenure
cases in the coming years.

Too Few Spots

The problem centers around tenure
quotas and the magical figure of 60%.
Most colleges and univuruities like to have
fewer than that pureentage of their facul-
ty tenured. To go above that figure
iieriouirly reducers flexibility.

Quite simply, then, the problem being

No More Room at the Top

Iii‘ (r'lt'tin ion Mir/II:

far-ed is that there are too many people
\yrrig for too few tenure positions.

And it seems that many of the profr-sv
sors who lose this competition are popu-
lar among students They are young, can
‘relate.' are often dynamic, but
sometimes run into trouble because they
disagree Willi traditional news or dissent
from accepted departmental norms.

So We hear that l'urt Smith is it
‘Marx ist,' (farol Waterman 'eiiiinot work
Well With her colleagues,’ and l)avtd
(ioodman has trouble getting along Willi
his department ‘s upper brass.

ltichard (last-oyne on the other hand,
was well liked and considered qualified in
every way. but his (‘litshlt'n department
was .ili‘eady l(i()'« tenured, so there was
no "IUH‘ room for liiiii

Also contributing to the l’l'iiflt‘lltlll on
the number of tenured positions is that ll
is considerably less i-x perisiVe to pay a
non tenured faculty member $12,000
than to tenure him and ultimately pay
him up to $21,000 a year Why promoti-
him'.’ Why end up having to pay
thousands more for the same man"

Some colleges have gone so far as to
propose tenure l‘ri-t-‘Li-s and strivth
observed tenure quotas. That has not yet
lit-en discussed here at SUNYA Htich talk
does little to lift the if
imn'tenured faculty members.

morale

lowing the Line

The point is that behind all those
thll'jiulillcltlfd tenure cases that we have
seen here recently is a deeper issue, and
that is the tight squire/.i- being placed on
the number of tenured faculty being
allowed to teach.

indeed, a non-tenured faculty member
Will havu to ‘tow the line’ if lit' or she
expects to receive job security or it
promotion.

 

mandatory Contract Unfair

Alb;ii1\"s Faculty Student Association is in dire need of “barn _.
Unfortunately for Albany's undergraduate rcsidcnt Sttltlc‘nts. (lit \

to do [he bailing... in the form of ever higher mandatory br...r.i _

Must a board contract be mandatory? Must contract liit‘ills be
source of FSA profits? Arid must FSA profits be used to rm.“
items and benevolent functions events that the state lillilijt'l it
provide for? Since [llc‘ lISA Board of l)irt‘t‘tnrs has bccrr 

faculty .iiid .irliiiinistrutors. YES.

'l‘hc l"\'A l‘rrr.rirl rrl Directors and their llirc‘lllig~. l-‘SA “Lilli-Jr v,
blown over Sl.liiiii_iiiiii iii stticlt'iit generated profits in liilif  l'
FSA ho.rril is .rnkiirg lor further "toiitril‘ititions" froin li \lllt‘l'
offset "r iillllliilllljllilit‘l'diltilldl l(is\t‘\ .iiitl program itcrns.”

M.rnrl.riori board toiitrac‘ts arr- unfair unfair l)t‘c.iilsc' I?

(lillltl’lr' i'.it lit'i’t' or move out.

llnlaii‘ llt'i .iust' profits generated by d small rinr.iridoiri \rilllj‘l

iiiist continually pay for .ill of FSA.

Unfair lit't'dllSL' not .ill units of FSA arc mandated to in rl

prr il‘li.

Unfair l‘it'tatist‘ tllt' profit generated is not dispersed ill am in;
percentage back to [lltiﬁt‘ making the profit possible tlic 'rlllrl

l’L'Nlllt‘lll sttitlt'ltt.

(ilVL' FSA its board contract increase and efforts zit cutting FSA  -
have little or no llliitl\’.ttltitl. (ich FSA its board contract incrrurnr r‘
Will have even less ititc‘tlttVt‘ to bring, new or bcttcr goods .rnrl \i'l\l
closed market.

l’SA should make posterity do something, now. for all and not i. ‘

yr-

Americans Fail to Take
Wounded Knee Seriously

llii' plight of llit' Alllt'l'ltrlll Indirin has been .i facet of Allli‘lb or i ii

. ) , . .
tl|t lilpriiiis l.tlltlttl. .tlltl, although Indians littVC lit't‘llLllt'rllt'tl. iliit

.illtl klllt'tl iii the 350 wars sintt'.

k I lcw L'Hft' to show compassion. I
w " . . - ' r- ' '
it . i rrgt group of Allitlllrlll liitlirins took control of Woiiii-lr rl ‘
South ll.ikot.i, site of the
lHilll's.

lllil‘rhrlt’lvc (ll [llUUSJlHlS (ill llllllrlll‘r ill '

Anti/ingly enough. [llt' story held the front pages for .r lru rl-I-
l—ilvllliL way to ilic lt'Iiirilsiii .ind executions in tlir-Sttlui. llk Iil‘! "
truth. though. is that llit' lntliaiis atwruxlul Kiitcwrll soon by lit|"“" l
tlilt‘t' never st‘t‘lt|\ to «.iti h the piiblit's cyc. b

Is it that lllt' N.iiion is liorr'il With strugglc" II is it‘ll \t‘llﬁ “l \
numbed the nerves of millions. ( i y I
gluitlt' "ll'v
li/fi”

..iIi .1 country Wllltll has \t't'll im

I Its priorities successfully” l’r-rlmps llii' ~"I'
i‘. Iiiil\ .i gliosl .tltt'l’ .ill. 1

movies order

he!

 

 

,2; Technical Advertisiri;
_ rob .irnrslr Irnrfarrrrnﬁ
l'riimrlt‘tl III Ill/o bi Lhrlll lititlrt (feutlw' i
Editor—iirChic-i Edimridl pdgcs Cm“: "‘f’W' Business
at
9 y iictiarclr gum" yo“ “mu” lfCU dlloi‘l piirl irr.rri«
Am, '0" W00" Ad l’rodut lion
News “my [WW Exchange tielibic km...»
illlli e bunker m“ “mm mink liicolsky 'sllBll.) ur lll‘likt'ii
iiiiiitly dllnldll Spur” phologrdphy nary ‘ill'i‘illldll

kritliy erkeile
Off Campus

bob iiidyei

(fanny my,

Classified Ads

Lilllly quince
Graffiti

ititli ‘itlill’y

ldy iosanberg

brute "lot i in
U rluvid slawakr

ken dldlilth
)
ll'L‘Vlt‘W “in ed by
lustre (ldVIh “ m" l“

luditoriril lloard determiner policy

 

Km Office: (10320 Phone ‘lf17 ZI‘JU
MM

*1“)

"Ubl solltudlnam faculnt, pacern anDelant "

l
i
i
i
l

Missing the Point

To the editor:

RE: What was advertised to be the
movie “The Point" gleefully brought to
the student body by Albany State
Cinema.

Many duped students were led to be-
lieve they were going to see “the point". I
was very glad at the chance to see it
again, until the evening that: was not an
ending appeared. At ﬁrst one only felt
the vague sensation that one had mys-
teriously missed something. Then while
you tried to figure out what. had hap-
pened - click, whir and lights on. Con-
gratulations - you are victim of an indis-
ciminately cut movie. The cut portion
brought the whole movie together and
gave it a point! Obviously a group of
inept people were responsible for the
production. _

After watching students at SUNYA for
a number of years it is clear that apathy
and acceptance of injustice is now the
Rule, the majority of students obviously
wandered out. Yes, the whole thing can
be easily justified and forgotten just as
major issues are. But there is no excuse
for the stupidity displayed by Albany
State Cinema. A group responsible for
movie production should have a higher
standard than what they showed. Walking
out, i told the boy taking money thrit
they had no right to charge people for
such a farce. He calmly said that he
wasn't responsible and that it was only a
dime. Ah yes - the ageless political game -
Pasa the Buck and "it was only." It was
only thousands of lives- cost in Vietnam
and it was only four lives lost at Kent
State. Someone had drawn the line where
injustice began, again. The point is' the
same. Taking advantage oftbe public and
students; is nothing new, except now
students no longer respect the rights' of
students. Even a little injustice should not
be tolerated by the innocent,

Suc- Duchcnycz

Please Don't Drink the Milk

by r.iike McGuire

Boston, April l. Scientists here report
today that they have discovered a definite
statistical linkage between licioltl addic-
tion and consumption of milk if] infancy.
1307 of 1903 addicts iiitervtcwcd in a
Harvard University study stated that they
had consumed lziigc quantities of the
Widely-sold thick WllllL‘ liquid when they
were too young to know any better

'l‘hc surprisingly large correlation of
‘)‘)..i’.'l lc'nds credence to another report
issued two weeks ago by Doctor l'
William (iablingcr of (iublillgt’l BICWCIICS
of MlthtllkCC, Wisconsin. Dr. (iablmgcr's
report c‘lulillcd that milk was leading
millions of children to drugs and (‘ommii-
insm. Rather than critictzc the millions of
mothers who have been feeding the non-
carbonated beverage to thcir children.
t'iabhrigct iiistczid suggested illlil they
swtlc‘li their children to some beverage
thiit is [:1st while being sale licr'i and air
were given .is Iwo possible replacements
by the icscair llt‘l

"Mothers shouldn't let-l jllllll) just be
muse lllt‘)’ iiit- uncoiisc'iously ruining lllt‘ll
rlrilrlieii for life". sriiil the doctor. "until
this study nobody thought niilk might be
rl.rirgrrriu~." "l ‘r|lt.'t'lilll_\ with .ill llrc
inoiit'y llll‘ daily lohby's. been spending
telling its oiliciwisr'~ he .irltlcrl Willl .i
IWIllklt‘ in his eye

(i|l\'t'|lllllt‘lllill ilt'llllll llliw’ hL'L‘lllb Ull-
.rvriitlriblc to many lllthlVL'lb heic 'llic
(‘in oi MllWilllkt‘L‘ has alrearly banned the
sale ol iiiilk Wlllilll city limits, pending
further study and next month's (‘in
(‘rium‘il clct'tions The bureau of Nai-
critic‘: and Dangerous Diligs has ulicady
piliitctl tip 500,000 glossy posters to
tlisliibiilc rialioiiwulc if (‘oiigicis doesn't
act now to bun milk. “'l'um in ii l’uslicr
'l'oday". \rly the posters as llicy show it
Illilll dressed in while pauls,s|iitt and cap
(the traditional costume ol it dairy stiles

TUESDAY, MARCH 6, l9'73

 

 

Communication: should be type-
written and addressed to:

Editorial Page Editor

Albany Student Press, SUNYA

Campus Center 326

Albany, N.Y. 1222

U nless there are extenuating cir-
cumstances, all letters must be signed.

 

 

 

Wanted: Sayles Men
To the editor:

Are you a language major, a traveler, a
foreign student, or just interested in
International experiences? If so, you
should read this.

The Sayles International House (SIH)
on Alumni Quad will soon be looking for
interested United States and foreign stu-
dents to participate in the variety of
stimulating programs which occur there.
Therefore, We will be holding two interest
meetings for the purpose of allowing
prospective residents to talk with people
living at SIH now, to learn more about
the philosophy of Sayles, and to finri out
how to apply for residence at SIH for
next fall. The first meeting will be held at
Sayles International House on March 6th
at 10:00 PM. (lower lounge). if this
meeting time and place is not convenient
to you, then come to the second interest
meeting on March 8th at 7:00 P.M. in the
Patroon Lounge at the Campus Center.

Attendance at one of these meetings is
mandatory. If you cannot attend or
would like further information, please
(“all me any afternoon at 457-R1i83.

Ruth Fordon
Director
Sayles International House

out

representative) kissing a woman as she
pours a glass of milk for one of her
children. The child shrinks away from the
glass while the man threatens him with a
Wilt' milk carrier. A second man is
looking on astonishingly from an open
doorway - possibly the woman's husband
arrived home early from it bustncss trip A
second child is on the phoiic,and a word
balloon has him saying, “ch, officer,
that‘s right - she tried to give me milk!"

The bureau denies it is using “scare”
tactics, but says it is just trying to alert
the nation "to ii major menace to dentu-

crucy".

Until very recently, pediatricians all
over the country had been telling mothers
thiit milk was beneficial to their
children's health. Among the diseases it
was reputed to cure were rickets and
tooth rlecziy l’cdiritiiciiins belatedly dis-
iiIVt‘lL‘tl that these diseases could be
solved by czilciuiii tablets and llouritialcil
writer, respectively. Without any ol the
danger involved in drinking milk

llrr- Dairy industry has mounted .r
piililiriiy counter attack. lnil most olisi'i-
\’t'|\ zrgtcc ll is l.lllIL‘l lccblc to rl.ilt' llic
rlziiiyintui t‘sllt‘t‘lllll)’ dispute the part Mali
longg lilc llit'ory ol diin .irldiiiioii Milk
does not, they say. lead to ('oc;r-('olii
which leads to Hi l’cppcr WllILll leads to
formaldehyde which leads to llUlllL‘lllttllC
which leads to heroin .iiidictioii Rrilhcr,
they said. heroin addiction is caused by
social factors.

('oiiicidcnlally, the Dairy Association’s
Washington headquarters burned to the
ground this morning The blzi/e was
labelled rioii-siispicious, although one fire-
Hill“ was hospitalich riftcr Slt‘pplllg on a
broken beer bottle located in ii burning
pool of fill oily substance.

    

Everybody's Column:-

Council ignores
by HowardKu-pd

It has become increasingly clear that:
Student Association's appropriation of
funds is truly a bastion of mismanage-
ment. Not only is the whole technique
and logistics of appropriation of funds a
poor one, the goals and priorities them-
selves are rather dubious. Examination of
the deep-rooted problems and ramifica-
tions which certainly transcend the
foolishness of the $36,000 Allman
Brothers concert is clearly desirable.

There are basic premises that the stu-
dent government should adopt before
launching of such a project as dividing up
$650,000 in student tax money. One is
that budgeting all the money in advance
only serves to inhibit growth. Surely,
leaving some money in an ‘emergency
budget’ is no answer to funding worth-
while nctivities that crop up one year
after the funds are appropriated. It
grieves me to think that right now, the
S.A. cannot put up the remaining $1,200
to secure Ralph Nader as a speaker. Nor
does it have any funds for the funding of
a new intellectual campus magazine
trying to get off the ground.

Scraping up the coin for a simple rock
concert ‘to give the students what they
wtmt' is really no anawur. What makes the
Central Council members think that a
majority of the student body even wants

Strident Interests

to I99 the Album Brotherl? An opinion
poll?

PYE club is sponsoring Earth Week on
April 9-13 to display all the projects that
students are doing in a total environment
impact study of the inaitution. In fact,
after direct consultation with State
Environmental Commissioner Diamond,
the group conﬁrmed the project as unpre-
cedented in New York State. Surely a
speaker of the eminence and inﬂuence of
Ralph Nader could have a great appeal to
the indolent students on this campus. it is
activities such as these which the Albany
State students will respond and sensitize
themselves to over a span of time rather
than the few hours of a rock concert. The
big turnout for William Kunmler, Meir
Kahane, Michael Harrington and other
speakers of prominence show a clear
student interest in areas outside of rock
music.

Personally, though I am not the
epitome of the rock- music lover, I have
attended numerous enjoyable concerts
over my four years at SUNYA. However,
as much as i may be prone to attending
some, never would I advocate such an
outlay of money for procuring one group.
Such large appropriations only negate the
benefits that could be derived for many
truly significant student activities.

kit

 

 

 

ii

 

 

yl 

NM Jmusori

 

THAT Is THE
LANDLORD.

OI

 

 

by Mitchell Frost

Please answer me one question: Why
should Student Association (or the
American government for thiit mutter)
send foreign aid to North Vietnam for the
purpose of rebuilding Buch Mai? North
Vietnam, you may recall, is presently
engaged in ..er...impusinghersystemof
government upon her neighbor to the
South. South Vietnam, naturally, believer;
in self»determinrition, at; door; the United
States and together we have allied in an
effort to resist North
Vietniimese,..iih...intru5ions. The
bombing was' merely one method of
resistance.

Why, then, iii there so much concern
over the destructioncaused not so much
by A nit-riciiri bombs (which were
dropped only in response to the
destruction ranked by the military might
of the North] but by North Vietnam's
expansionary designs? North Vietnam
rilruck, got struck buck, and
HOW awaits the arrival of foreign
aid-from the ally of the country she
tit-eke (still) to conquer! And even more

 

 

surprisingly, we seem preparer], even
eager, to giVe it. It is us if the friends of
the victim of un attempted rape were to
but up ii donation to pay the medical lillltl
of the rapist for lliiul‘ioli“illil'llillsluined
(never mind the girl) while committing
his crime.

Contrary to whtit muny iituduntti ure
being led to believe, the motives behind
the drive to rebuilt] Iiiich Miii are not
wholly ‘hurnrrnitutiun.’ They are primarily
political. Destruction has ocaurred on

ALBAN Y STUD ENT PR ESS

View From the Right
Bach Mai Motive Merely Political

both aides. in fact, the communists have
struck more non-military facilities (like
hoiipituls) in the South than the South
Vietnamese and Americans huVe struck in
the North. Why are there no students (as
fur as i am aware) collecting money to
rebuild the hospitals destroyed by the
North Vietnamese and V. Cong? To claim
'humunituriunism’ (as the Bach Mai
brigade claims) and their to ignore the
grotesth atrocities committed in this war
by the communists is‘ hypocritical and
forces one to search for motives other
than pure ‘hurmniuirianiiim‘ 'Iiioue‘othcr
motives derive from the fact thiit there
has long been much pro-North sympathy
among college students and this precludes
the giving of any aid to the South, the
‘enemy of our friend.‘ And make no
mistake about it: the. North Vietniimi-si
and South Vietnamese tire enemies and
they are still tit war. As long ttb' they
continue to be at war, any iussistrinct
given by us (either by Student ,
Association or the American government) 
to the North Vietnamese can only 5
demonstrate our political sympathy for
their goulii. Once the war ends We can
view the iiituutinn in it different light but
tit prusunt I for one do not wish to ally 
myself with the North Vietnamese in! ,.
they attempt to overthrow the '
government of the Smith. To give them.
money, even to rebuild ti ltuupitui, shows;
solidarity with their cause and its long as f.
their cause iii the conquest of foreign
territory they will not get a single penny 

from mu.
0 ﬂ "

   
  
 
 
  
  
   
  
 
 
 
  
 
   
  
 
  
  

  

 

 

PAGE NINE

     

  
 

‘3

gag“-..er «

  

