,, m. ..V,,._ 

 

 

 

more letters

Off the-Bench

To the Editor:

This is a replv to Sauer's Tuesday ASPar-
ticle. (Nov. 6. I973).

First of al|.my name is Dennis Terry and I
would like to congratulate Doc for proving
his ignorance as a coach to me as well as the
others. Does he actually believe that Hyche.
Hoffman. Eisenman and myself are idiots?
In Tuesday's statement, he said that we quit
because of our status for the current season.
That is true. but he failed to point out the real
reason why we quit. We did not quit because
ofthe playing time he offered us. but instead
because he placed the non-varsity experienc-
ed players ahead of our varisty experience.
Everyone knows that in the past. Doc
Sauei s has “sat” talent because there was a
lack of varisty experience in that player. but
why has he all of a sudden changed his big
theory about experience? We feel if Doc was
a coach. he would let the players battleit out
for positions instead oi'placing people ahead
of others without making them prove that
they are better. Believe me.it is an awful ex-
perience to sit behind players that are less

Scoring

by Mitchel loler
We are now approaching the end of the
l'ourth‘year ofa decade. Backin I970. when it
began.thcrc was an inundation by the media
of summaries and critiques of the ‘60‘s.
However. Lil that time. not even the most in-
sightful of commentators could predict
whether the 70‘s would be a contitiuation oi'
the old. or a break Irom it. With the iri-
tervention of tour years. the answer is now
becoming quite clear.

I-or example. this month marks tlte tenth
aririitersary oi I’residcnt Kennedy‘s
assasinatioii. and it is being commemorated
WlllI numerous inaga/rne articles. The best
to date. a series ol pieces iii the .Vi'ii' York
'l‘r'irrci rnaga/iiic. underscores the dramatic
change It] consciousness that has apparently
taken place. Instead of viewing the murder
as a contemporary incident. with yet to be
rcali/cd ramilications. it is. tor the l’irsttitiie.
treated as a piece ol history. to bearttilyscd
wttliiii its context and in tcrrtis oi its impacts.
Airy who still believe I963 was only yester-
day. should try to thirik brick to tor read the
article which expertly details) the temper ol
that trrne.

lcir years ago. The Silent Spring was It
national bestseller. btit there had yet been no
ptiblic outcry against pollution. lclc\rsioii
was still \er) much in its itilltltIlHL‘ years.
and .rd-incri were using such devices as Ajax's
White Knight. Most importantly. the Wet
titim War involved only a handful oi
American tidvrsnrs aritl it In“ scale commit-
ment was scarcely a glearrt or even the minds
oi the titost lervetit aritr-L'iiiiirtttiiiists.
llowcvcr. It was dtiring this Iorintitivc stiigc
oI llnitcd States involvement or Southeast
Asia that the lolk singer-protester irimcrncut
was coming to the lore. led. oi cotrrsc. it)
Itoh Dylan

Interestingly. wciind ltttthcrcvidcriccthat

talented than you are. I know because I sat
out all of last season.

As a brother. Ifeel that what happened to
me has happened to a Iotof Black ballplayers
on the basketball team in the past. and other
teams at SUNY as well. I know the man is a
bigot. At a pre-game meal before the St.
Lawrence game last season. Doc said. “I am
looking for two smart (shite) guards for next
year." Th‘e team has Black forwards. but in
the past have you seen any black guards that
played'.’ I hope this season will have Black

guards. like Ed Johnson and Mel Brown. .

running the club. This proves not only that
he is prejudiced. but it also proves that he is
the “dumbest” guy in the world - who isn‘t
preventing his team from losing. He sltould
be seeking talent not color.

As a final note. | feel that Doc is not a
coach because a coacliis whole-beartedly for
the success oi his team and not the success oi
his .500 margin, Stiuers feels that he is a
winner if he breaks .500. You can break .500
and come in last place. but does that mean
you are a winner'.,

Dennis Terry

the Eros

ten years have indeed lully passed since then,
irt an‘announcement made last week an—
nouncing Dylan's upcoming emergence
l'rom obliciori lorti national tour. Whatever
redeeming qualities his act will have. the
news is Iiighly reminiscent of the ‘5()‘s Rock
and Roll revivals that have become prevalcitt
oi late.

lhis is not just an isolated incident. sice
tilting With the rc-cmcrgcnce oi Dylan. we
have recently witnessed "revivals" oi the
original Ilvrds and the original liltics I’r'o-
_|cct. And. ii the rumors surrounding the
release ol Itirrgo's tiew irlbtiiu mean
tllI_\lllllIg. we should soon he laced witli the
ultimate in tiil‘s rc\i\a|s-thc i‘clot‘iiiatioii ol
the “caries.

Ilic poitit that emerges is that it is not oiin
into which is so hit rmovcd lorm the pre-
sent. but also I‘)(i5,|‘)tr7.,..()nc tieciJ oul_\
ha\e watched the telecast oi The Graduate
last week to be convinced oi this. (irtintetl.
The (irtltitltllt! which was released III I967
riiiist thcicloie have been itlnictl in twin-
atitomziticttllt sending it ltirther irito the
past-bill. ctcn so. I was extremely surprised
at how datcii The Graduate scented. not be-
Ing totally prepared to I'L‘lllI/C the lact that
c\cir |‘)(ro-(i7 was not "ouh yesterday"
citlrcr

I‘or any who might tlt.‘l'|\c sonic Ctt]t))-
merit Iroiri spotting when the next star'-
ttng stopping point oi ti era wtllhc. hc \votrld
do well in taking stockol what tstrikiiig place
tight now Willi the establishrrrent til new.
lower speed limits . we have lllltlll) reached
the end oi man‘s ‘paitytng" stage. As Ralph
Nader pr'opliestsetl when he spoke here last
year. we will soon have to pay lot oirt waste
.itiii mistakcs lroin the past illltl ptcscnl

“lliiirgs will get worse licloie thc_\ gct
hcttcr" is an old clichc. Iltrt this IIIIIL‘. onlv
tlic iorinct hail will hold true

President’s Lawyer Goes Home

Ron Hendren

WASHINGTON - It was not until the
morning the White House announced that
twu of the Watergate tapes did not exist that
anyone bothered to tell the President's
lawyer. Charles Alan Wright.

Wright had‘already put his substantial
prestige squarely on the line by announcing
several day earlier that the President would
comply “in all respects" with the court order
to tur over the nine tapes together with cer—
tain documents to Judge John J. Sirica.

Needless to say. Wright did not go tocourt
for the President that day. and now there is
some doubt whether he will ever again
appmr in Mr. Nixon'sbehalf.1"'etalITexan
has packed his bags and gone back to
teaching at the University of Texas law
school in Austin.

lfhe is disgusted, he is kind enough not tti
say so. The most he has said publicly so far
was to a New York Timer reporter. to whom
he allowed that lie “would have been happier
if I had known." The l'actstirc however. that
Wright‘s reputation in academic and legal
circles ca inc very close to being shattered by
the President's failure to tell him that two

key tapes could not be found. It is painting it
mild picture indeed to say that the Texas
professor is not happy about the turn oi‘
events.

He still maintains publicly that he remains
at the President‘s call and that he believes
Mr. Nixon. but adds that if it becomes
known that the two tapes once existed and
were destroyed he will withdraw from the

case completely.

Wright‘s secretary tailed him at home to
report the missing tapis story. “Yo;i won‘t
believe this. but two ofthe tapes don'texist."
she said. “You should hearit from us before
hearing it on the radio,“

It wasn‘t long afterthatstartlingncwsthat
Wright made his plane reset. .ll("lo back to
Texas. Wright‘s unhappy ex_ .nce is not
likely to go unnoticed by his . :rlow Texan
and new Watergate prn ‘i- .utor Leon
.Iaworski. .laworski's reputation for honesty
anti his so-i'ttr unblemished integrity are at
least as well known as Wright‘s when the
prolcssor first came to the President‘s aid.
.lawoi‘ski. who is known for his ability to
learn quickly and well. will be certain to
protect hintscll against sttli'ering his icllow
I’exan‘s late.

Play It Again, Dick

by Barry Bennett

The Albany Student Press. through the
use of surreptitious conniving and other
assorted trickery. has managed to procure
one of the famed non-exrstent White House
tapes. Though one may question the
possibility of obtaining something non-
existent as every politicial knows. one should
never underestimate the power of the press.
And even the ASP. though oitert critical oi
the President. is forced to admit the logic and
wisdom oi Nixon's rclusal to turn over the
tape to Judge Sirica. l‘til irt this tape is cort-
tained the secrets oi lixectititc decision-
making: on the tape are lorinttlatcd the
polictcs to deal with the great crises that criti-
limit the Administration and the lliiitcd
States. Were it to lall irtto the hands oi the
wrong people (such as tltc Americans). it
could prove hai'tnltil itidecd to the interests
oi our gtHL'l’IIIIIL'nl. And so, to tire interest oI
not rnircli tit till. the ASI’ lcclsohliged to pre-
sciit to the people portions til the disptttcd
tape recording:

"Wcll. lioh. tltc pcoplearc talkiiigagain til
it ‘ci‘isis iil coiilidcrtcc~ in go\ci'nnieut's
lctttlt'l'slllp. It seems to me there‘s otin one
thing we can do to tillevititc this situation
I‘ve been talking tin Anivar Sadat. and he
completely teltiscs to attack lsiacl again. i
haven't yet approached (ioldii Meir. but I
would expect her answer to be negativcalso
i must admit. we tliti get a lot iil mileage tilll
ol that one iwrrtc that oncilowri. lloh). htit It
appears that the Middle I ast ( iisis l's over.
at least lot now I tickil). III. Kissinch
managed to score \ct another diplomatic
corip to sate us. lell its ahottt it. liClll') "

"ch. Mr President. lcugagcd in exteri-
sitc cori\ctsations \vtth tltc lctidcisol several
Arab nations. tttiil \tlrile lwasti‘t able to get
them to go to war again. |tlidcomrnccthciii
not to sell its anymore oil lconsidcr this .r
niaior breakthrough iti negotiations. as it im»
Iricdiatclt created .itl riitcusc energy crisis
Iliis is working \ciy \icll lot now. httt lain
ttll'illtl that people are altcird\ getting uscil to

using less energy. Soon it will no longer he
an event oi crisis proportions. and people
maybe returning to that original. less lriend-
ly crisis. Also. the Arab Statestirc wavering.
and despite my many and vehement
protestations. may soon be selling us ml
ttgttttt. ldon‘t need to tell all oi you howdis-
astr'otts that cotild prove to be. I Icarthat we
just need It lieu crisis to help us along,"

"How about a ('tihrin Missile Crisis?"

"Yes. htit it you remember. that one was
used hack iti Wit]. and \ci') sticcssltill) . but it
wouldn‘t ltclp us ii tcpctitcd."

" “till one was the most succcssltilcrisis to
history. llut how about another Vietnam
War"! r\’lll\l)L‘ Iir \lrica this trmc'.’"

“I tltiiik that‘s it little stale hv rrow. llciir‘).
llcsidcs. \otr .ilictidt got \oui .\ohc| l’ii/c
Ior lllt‘ l.l\l one."

"\top \orii bickering. gcritlcrrtcti l‘iii
.ili.iril. Irriicli as it grictcs me. only orrctotiisc
IL'IIltIIIIs opcn ior us "

".r\ic \ou going to tell tltt‘ triitli. .\ii
President.”

"Not that. Bob lltrt the course I si~c.rsoui
onI\ option is Itliiitist as serious |‘irr.iiitiid ll
looks like the l nitctl States lsgtillIL’ to have
to heattackcd. l'\ctalkcd it over with Mrs
President and wrtlt l’rcstilcrit lllttttil (or
l);i' Id. :is_\iru may know lirin)..iiid the) liotli
agree that it's llIL' upstanding thing to do
\\c‘\c alrcatl) transpoi teil nussilcststcrris to
.\it'\lt o .r rid thci should be hitting
\ltl\\.|tllll\t.‘ll\ .Ill) day now '\llt‘l all. what
\tltllllt'L' is too great to maintain lllL'
luadcrship ol llIl\ gictrt mttiori""

llic icst oi lllt' tape consisted mainl\ ot
\.rrrctics oi Iiiaitc chatth interspersed with
silcrit gaps. dishes clanging. hands pl.l_\lll}t
.iird lcct stomping. |.trrr sure that all oi _\oti
now understand \\lt) the Administration
could trot liciorc ic\cal the coritcuts oi the
t.rpcs lot to how doric so would litt\t' been
to tiiulciiruirt- the \t'l\ kiriil ol gmcinnicnt
Ill-ll \li
|IIr|l|li.||l|

\rxon is lt)ltti.'. so \L‘I\ lurid to

 

 

.5“

REDICK’S

on All Merchandise

 

\k/INE AND LIQUORS
Lowest Legal Prices Permitted l

A full Line of Whiskey and Gin. Vodka,
Foreign and Domestic Wines and Cordials

3 CENTRAL AVE
“mm

In NY State l

434-04 74

 

 

  

 itr-.I\t tin-..i

vii ll‘lllii' RUM) -

“air... .\ .ii to, .Iio......- ..i o..- tmnp ..

LIVE ROCK BAND
— Rocking Horse —
Thursday, Friday and Saturday

9:30 pm - 3:00 am

Students with ID get discount!

I a 'rlti Iiil taut ¥

    

\l Itr\'.. \I \\ \I do

Willi}
WUMQ

l.'.’lli

 

Eat in, Take out
WE DELIVER

@Blrﬂelllilﬁ‘d
Hours: 5 - 11 pm.
Closed Monday Night

 

 

 

 

; frit

 

 

 

“4.4-.
PAGE. 'I'WISLVIL

/\l .ltA NY ST U DIS N'l' PH liSS

l"ltll)/\Y, NOVI‘IMBI‘IH lti, ltl'lLt

 

 

 

... ................ Monica-n». .- .

 

' BESHMEN: ’ voti ARE THE tits-s for _ rm

You and your class through the sole use Of your class dues can:

I) SPONSOR PARTIES, DANCES, ETC.
2) DONATE TO CHARITIES
3) DO PRACTICALLY ANYTHING YOU WANT

on SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 18, I973 in CAMPUS CENTER 375,
the Constitution of the Class of '77 written by involved members of
your class will be debated and voted upon for ratification.

 

 

 

 

    

Procedures for election of class officers will also be finalized

If you are interested in how your money will be spent, join the
other interested class members already involved.

Any questions?
7-4996 or John Koch 7-7987

’guordions Of the class Of ’77'

call Ira Pedowitz

 

 

m mm Nuns-w

at REFERENDUM *

on the impeachment of

President Nixon

’>Thursday, Nov. 29
a Friday, Nov. 30

Campus Center Main Lounge

Cast Your Vote

* * it ‘k ‘k ‘k *

Self-nomination forms will be available in the SA Office from
Monday, Nov. I9 to Tuesday, Nov. 27 for anyone wishing to
run for I Central Council seat from Indian Quad or I Univers

Senate seat from State Quad.

ItY

funded by student association

 

 

 

———i

FRIDAY, NOVEMBEH It}, 19'“

ALHAI'Y STUDENT PRESS PAGE THIRTEEN

 

.. was}, {ram {593er « =1:

 

.. ,.=.:xzn.sm:~r~~“~“'ﬂ“ ‘Mi‘w‘rw‘ “\h ‘. v»   hw,-...i - w» t

 

ruscn berg

'8mrnw “was... a.

 

 

 

