.4”... ..

 

(Ln-rm my...” 1“:.-.r..‘v~ mum-ma, as.,»s‘.-M .. was“ “.— ﬂb. W

 Us... ..

 
 

  
 
  
    
 

 

 

 

  

My fellow Americans. I speak to you
tonight on television from the White House
on it matter of great import for all. perlit ps
the most crucial issue ever to confront the
American people. As lam sure most ofyou
by now know. I have been impeached bythe
House and convicted by the Senate ol‘the
rather nebulotrs charge of ‘high crimes and
misdemeanors." I am not here to deny that
fact. lam. as always. most anxiousyocomp-

'ly with the wishes of Congress and with the

duties of my oflice. Arid thoughin thiscase.
as iii many others. lmight question thewis-
door of the Senate's course ofaction. lhave
no dottht ol'thc sincerity or helicfin theprith
it haschosen. Nonetheless. lfear thatyotrr
representatives have made a tragic mistake.
one tltat may damage this great nation
irreparably. " -
the people of this land Iravc undergone.
and come throrrglr admirably. a crisis in the
Middle liast that could have provoked a
third World \\ar. You have entered an
energy crisis and survived the worst of it, I
Ii aye brought otrr nation through hard times.
llut still some people leel that their
leadership cannot be entirely trusted and it is
tip to tire. as your President. to allay those
tears. Vo one else in government can restore
yuur‘taithin our hallowed institutions. Were
l to simply leave tilllCC and shirk riry respon-
sibliities in the Iact ol thislatest rebutflrorii
the Congress. you would never learn the
truth ol the matter. Butyou can depend on
rnenot tiiabandon tlretrust yoir p lacedin rrie
in twill. and again in l972:thc greatest. rirosr
noble trtist on this earth
When I bornhed Cambodia. there were
those who called me ‘tyrant." and ‘killer‘.‘
such cpiihetsdid not fare me. When lailirst

A Year To

It appears that we are drawing to the end
ol one of those years that come. perhaps
once. every other century. years such as
those that encoriipassed the (ilorrous
Revolution.Napoleoir'sUnclluridrcd l)ays.
and Caesar's iirurdcr,

llic political reasons Ioi lllls arc rrhy tons
and need not he reiterated hcre, brrt we arc
also laced \\lllt otir \ery owir ccoiiorriu .rrirl
iiattrialresorirce crisis now lhciriily .riiia/
trig Iactrrr is that this er'isiscoirie n igli on the
very same one that had been predicted tor ris
lor about the past ten years (coinplrcatcd
only by some political intrigues that lime
simply caused the crisis in occtir about ll)
years too soon). Ilie rrricrdciice Iactor
nitrst haye hecri astiorioriircal. lach ol the
above tactors tpolrti wrl arid ccorioriircraloric
would liayc ranked In the ‘ltttli pctLL'ltlllc tor
disasters. l,irt coupled together they lorrii .rir
atria/trig laridiriaik that will make l‘)7l .r
year to history (lhc Repiihlrcaris \s the
Democrats will soon tour the rrrtiksol tlrc
laircastcrs \s the Yorks and the lloirihorrs
is. the horses.)

 

EMBED U9 [LIME 9 9699 W era;

    

   

by B'Il'l'y Bennett

refused to hand over the tapes to Judge
Sirica. similar reactions were elicited. Then.
too. I remained undaunted. for there are
ideals higher than the courts which claim my
allegiance. And so I do not expect
overwhelming support for this latest deci-
sion. 1 cotrld have simply resigned. bowing to
the great pressures that engulf my ofﬁce.
abandoning my trust. It would havehcenthe
politically expedient and popular course to
take. but as yoti know. the President never
has. and shall not now. base his decisions on
such criteria. I cturnot leave ofﬁce. only to
cripple I'uture presidents who would forever
be at the whim ol a hostile Congress. Our
government is bast on a separation of
powers this balance would he destroyed.

I a in actirrgthe hcst interestsof all of you.
and to do so. I must insure that my decision
will beadhercd to. I am placing art anned
guard around the White llorrse toward off
any possiblcinsrrrgcnts. ('rirlcw shall beim-
posedat 9 I’Mzattcr thistime. all tlieliglits in
the country will be sh ut oil by a mtisterswrtch
iii iiryollice. to be turned on again til 7 AM

the next morning. More merier res I'oryour .

saler w ill he arriioriiiccd shortly, lshall take
whatever steps are necessary to preserve ri
lrw. democratic goycrnrncnt in the United
States: I shall remain in ollieeuntilthismost
crucral crisis is ended: the I976 elections will
be delayed tiiitil sirch tiriie as the nation can

uidrirc a change irilcadership. Heneelorth.

the year I‘Jott shall be known as'theYcar 0'.
and all tiriie belorc that yurr shall siriiply he
relcn'ed torisliR. l-carnot. Americans. ltlr
I shall rieyer desert you in your riiirc of
greatest ncul; shall lr\cti p to lilyL‘VL‘I’yWUI‘d.
With 1 bless each and
ctcry one ol you.
lli.iitk you. and good night.

lllls water.

Remember

by Mitchel loler

Ito not he dccen cd by any rlictorictliat the
energy problem is being blown otrt ol
proportion lor the Senate .irid the l’rcsr-
dent to act as speedily .riid rad ically asthcy
lr.r\c rrrst rloiic takes more than itrst .i
questiorrahlc situation It takes a Irrll scale
criicrgciicy

Iii .irlrlrtrori.drrii‘t think the cl lectsarcgrr-
irig to he ltlllllL‘tl to rricrch .r sliottrigc ol
cricrg: l.r[ .rr, tor cs.ririplc. wrrrrltl grind to
.i halt in Mt il.t\s without oil. and to light ot
this. llIL \rahs liayc started to demand a
premium pi :e. \licady the yen has
plrrriiriictcd on the \yorlrlrrrarkct. ironically
occurring iiist w heir its peak had beerircach-
cd. I) rriicstrcally . (icncrril Motors has rust
announced a week-long. llilttllt car crit tlt
production. \\ rtli lutrrrc decreases rneirtrrhlc
Iroiir (iM .irid .rllothcr arrtoriiohrleiiiariirlrrc-
tiricrs. We are rapidly approaching the
possibility ol a world~wrdc depression

llie ctler'ts ol the energy crisis arc tell on
the loail limit .is well lhc ricw spccd liriirts
drdti‘t ‘1iit“ lioriic tor iriost oi as tiritil we

went home last week Riding the lliiriwrry

   

Red Cross Bloodmobile

Monday, December 3
CC Ballroom 10am - 4pm

   

Sponsored by JSC-Hillel and Faculty Wives

 

PAGE FOURTEEN

lhe krrrrrlrlm/I ()plrimixl is unknown to
most scltolitl's. but recent translations irito
l',|rglis‘lt ll;l\L‘ made its contents available to
the laymen, l‘llr llttm: of you who aren‘t
laiiiiliarw rtlr this collectioir of periodicals l
utter a briel history.

the lkr'rIIrA/rrr/I ()pliriii.rl. published lll
MW in M much. was comprised ol’onlytwo
issues. containing articles. unpublished cor"
res poridoicc. reports. arid essays lrorn such
Ianious scientists and scholars as Louis
Pasteur. Marie Curie. Sigmund Freud.
laasac lruax. and Albert Einstein. whose
ideas we look at in this report.

As reported by the Kr'mrltliu/i ()prr'rirr'yl.
l iiistciri stumbled onto an idea which was
yea t's ahead ol time, Before any energyc‘ri‘sis
L‘\t.‘ll L‘\I.\ll.‘d. liiiisteiri knew that the day
would come when nran would demand more
cricrgythari he cotild strpplyhy conventional

Etllctltts. lri alcttcr dated I934. addressed to a

Ir'reiid. I'rit/ yon Weber. Einstein Iirsi irieri-
trons his concern lor the gcnei‘atronot riiaii

;:io lollo\\ Iriin. “l‘ritx. I am concerned about
the generation ol riiair to lollo\\ riic."wrutc

l rrrstciri.
I l\.' theory that urilolded in tlie irioriths lri

Slollow was loiriiali/cd and was to be

:;presciitcd to a pliysrcs colloqtiirii at Starilord
l riiyersity »hiit.i Inc in the lecttir'ehallloic-

cd .i rapid e\rt by | rnsteiii and the class llli‘
;pl.riisw crc at Irrst hclrcied to he lrisl iii [to
tire. but were somehow torriid tlic |lt'\l rl.r\

- 2 riirscorclrcd llie story ol the tire rslcgcrirl ol

Er'oriisc. hot the contents ol the l rrisrcri.

 

    
  
 

.- theory are most tclt‘\titil to out (llllt‘lll

cricigy \Ilsls
llre basis til I rristcrri‘s tlieory lies to .i

licoiy which lrc lrthellctl “rrtrclcar

 

          

.it .‘lt riiilcs per hour made tlictrtryellrrig
.ippaii .rs thouin one were watching a slow

iiiotioii-iiioyrcor tlratcvcr'yoiic \\astra\cllriig
rlirorrydi .r slrglitly more resilient riicdrtrrii
tliiiri plaiii rtll.

\1 5| \iA. the lecture centers are Ill
sy1tll1l.l|isllL‘\h at night. classi'oririis arc eycr
st) slightly colder and rumors are lly irig that
1

any tl.l\ |Itt\\. ('liancelloi lloycr IlIIl\ .r
rioiriicc .r rearranging of the Spring
\ciiicstcr slIIllllIg classes lrirrii the hiin ittcl

corisrriiiptrori winter months to lrrlc \lay

From The- Frog's Mo'uth -

 
 
   

 

l
The Morbid Optimist
by Lawrence H. l'ohl

|)ri rwrn isrii 

‘l'yentirallyf‘ he wrote his irrother.”mrrn:~
\\ ill hate to crit back on his energy Crittstttttp—l

iron and when he does. he will do so only:
terriporarily while he explores new sources. 5
these new sources will he nuclear (how ac-lt

ctrratehe was!) hrrt he will irot yet be ready tof
srilely use the source." . i

What l’tllle‘lll goes on to say isthatrnair, ;
wliosccriergydemands increase ever faster i
than his population. will at some point in‘ i

     
 
 

tirire he lorced to use nuclear breeder reac
rorsrrt .t ttriic hcliir'c he really krrow'show to
ensure their sale use. “Man w ill look to tli ‘
breeders as the starving \soll looks to tlr

  

 

lariili.” wanted I? instciii.

\ttera scriesol nuclear accidents the siir
roots. the ones smart enough to have tli
reactors built in soirieone else‘s backyard
it ill be strllicrciitly lcw‘ In number to penii
the use ol coiiyciitiriiral lucls at lcyels .rp
proachiiig thosc reached before the L‘IICIg’
crisis.

l'cihaps riost interesting is l-.irrstciir's
prediction tlirr "'rk lcrrdei ol a world pone i'
will tell his people to conserve energy wlrrle
.II the same tirireaririotrricrrrg the acu'lcr‘atrori
ot hrccdci reactor pttIpJL'ls " Ihat the [KS
yttltltl he this "world power" and President
\rsrttl "the

Ironically . rlic l‘rcsrrlerrt recently announced

lcadcr" control he denied

rrrtharks in energy rrsc. coupled with it
\llr‘t't/IIIIJ H]! or our lr’tll l't'llr—Irtl' /iIrIIr'rly'
\\lrctlici the IN, will srittr-i "rirrclcrir
llrrryyrntsrir' or not Is yet to hc seen. but
Iiiistr‘rii's tlicoiy so innocently reported In
lilt lyrrrrr/r/rrr/r l)/Illlrll\l to NW. iirrist lic

'r|t\\\'ti .is sigiirlrcairt

.rrid y‘\.‘rt carly .lrrric, lliestiiderrt reaction to
these rumor» is rri\art.rhl\ oricol dissatrsl.it'-
tiori with the proposed rlrsrtrprrori ol otrr
lrycshciiig proposed in apparently arbitrary
irr.iririei

Regardless ol the apprehension w rtli
which one iriiderstaiidahly
ricw s. ritic IItttsl .tllL'ttipl lri \ ic\\ tltcpioptiserl

rcccrycs such

.I\ lltill iii the lrglit in which it “tislttcsclllutl'
prnynlirig. ol course. that it an inner light-
and one \\llILil rcrprrrcs tocspciidrttricot .rd-

rlrtioiral energy

 

FINKLES '

NrtERE ELSE V00

upon iriuiidny. tirursIlny.

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

HARDLD FINKLE
"YCIUR .JEWELER"

unit lt'lllhy uvnrrriirru

swam 3’“

Il'l DINTHAL AVINUI
ALBANY. NEW YORK IIIDB
465-5320

 

 

it"ltlDAYihl‘OVEIy/IBER 30, 197:5

   
    
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  

    

  

   
   

   
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

ma'lors 8:, minors

I

Dr. Jerome Goldsta'n will speak on
the wbioct oi Hematology on Dec.
3rd, 8 pm in the CC Assembly Hall.
All are welcome to attend.
Ralreshments wil be served. Spon-
sored by Speech Pathology and
Audidogy Club. Funded by Student
Association.

Tri Beta announces a revision! New
requirements: 300 cum in Bio and

3.00 overall average. Forms
ovolable in Bio lobby.
English Students Committee

(Undergrad) wil neet Tuesday even-
ing (l2/4) at 7.00 in the Fireside
Lounge in the Campus Center.

The nest meeting at the SUNYA
Linguistics Colloquium wil lecture
a talk by Wayne O'Neil on “Recent
DevelopmentsintheTheory oiGromA
mar." Thetalk, whichis scheduled for
Monday, December 3, W73 at 7:45
pm in Humanities 354,is designed lor
non-speonlists with an interest in

linguistics.

clubs E meeiings
Wm

SUNYA GayAIIiance ineetsrii room
3l5 al the Campus Center loi its
Tuesday night meetings the

meetings start at 800 pm

All are welcome to the Christian
Science Organrxotion Meeting. We
meet everyMonday at 0.30 pm in LC
20,

Students for the improvement at
Programs tor the Handicapped
(5.l.P.H.) wilmuel Sunday, Dec 2c”
6 pm in the State Quad Flugroom

Attention Down towners:
colleeliouse interest meeting this
coming Monday night lO-OO pin

Waterbury 325, Weneed your help

An Albany PIRG
meeting wil be held on Tuesday.

organizational

December 4 at 8 pin in the Plutourr
Lounge, Campus Center [near the In
lonnatron Desk). All interested
studentsare invited to come and sign
up lor I ridrvrduulc 0min rttrms and pro

reds a s well to discussrlrc lotut Board

Attention JSC Members: llieru wil
be a General Meeting on Smitluy,
Dec. 2 at 730 pm in CC 3th Also

anyone interested in working on
publicity please come tothe ﬁreside
lounge Sunday at 6:30,

Ouad Interest Meet'ngs: Alumni -
Wed, Dec 5 at 8 pm in Brubacher
Lower Lounge. Dutch‘ Thurs., Dec. 6
at 7:30 pmin the Flagroorn. Colonial
- Thurs, Dec. (i, at 9:00pm in the
Caleterio. Indian - Tues., Dec. 4 at 7
pm in the Adirondack/CayugoLower
Lounge. State - Tues., Dec. 40t9pm
in the ilagroom.

Resident Assistantshr'ps lor l974-
75: Interested students must attend
the Campus Wide Interest Meeting
on Sunday, Dec, 2 in Lecture Center
IB at 7-30 pm.. Potential applicants
who can not possibly attend shadd
contact Roger Wright at 457-8852 at
least two (2) days prior to the
meeting. Qualiﬁcations: must be at
at least Junior status by Fall I974,
continuing student at SUNYA, andin
good academic standing

Albany Evangelical Christians
riir-cts every Friday night at 700 pm
in CC 3l5 Come lorn With us in the
Fellowship at the Lord. For more “’1‘
lorinutiori ccrll 457 7929

interested folk

Attention AI students who are in
rmesturl .ri StudyAbroad.‘ There will
llt‘ or» nilornrntrw- meeting and dis
mission on (Ill aspects ol overseas
SUNVA

'.ltILll‘t\l\ Wt: have invited lOtth

programs lvaJIlOl‘Jit.‘ to
ponrupunrs to answer any spvcrlu
tlrit:5llOI\S you may have lhe
mooring will be devoted to on ex
rlrirrigu ol Itinﬂs about ()vutst‘us
programs The all-(e- ol Iriroriiolroiioi
l‘itigruiris wrll provide riilorinutiori
rrlrunt wlirrt piugrrrriis urn currently
uvurlcrlﬂr- irrirl wrll sec-k rrilaliiiotroii

 

programs theywould like to par-
tidpate in if they wercavoiloble. We
shall uppradate any thoughts that
students wish to share with us on
poss'bIe programs abroad. The
méeting will be held on Tuesday,
Decem her 4th inBlO 248 tram 7:30to
ISOO pm. Reimshmentswil be serv-
e .

out

Interested in Writing tor Viewpoint
74-75? Call Maxine 457-52”.
Plotogruphors needed for View~
point 74-75. Coll Mox'ne 457-52l3.
a . .

Woekend Ne wman Mass
Schedule: 6110 pm and IIDO pm
Sat., H100 am, l2'30 pm and 6.00
pm Sun. AI musics are held at
Chapel House.

Any student who would be willing to
accomodate a visiing student atten-
ding the NYHRG Statewide Con-
lerence Nov. 30th and/or Dec. lst,
please call Chris 7-5328, or Ken 7-
5335.

Albany State Tennis Team wll
cudom string your racquet. $5.00
donation lor Protected I'r ylon, $6.00
lor Vantage ll. Contact Coach lewis
at 457-4554.

Dec l at 8pm Teatro Beriken
p rescn ts
Obituary'
Disco lollows rnColonrol Peril. r2pm

Pietn's “Puerto Ricon

Fund Raising Limelight

SUNYA GoyAlliance is sponsoring a
Gay Weekend starting tonight at 7
pin with Guest speakers in LC 2. A
wrnr: and cheese party wil lollow in
State Quad llagroom There is a
dance Suturday night in State Quad
U Loungr,a wnli a live Band and iree
other

wirit-s Lots at events

throughout the w eekend

Summer jobsin Britain Forrnlormo-
tron worn to SS 32?. International
Slurlmii ID '5 and rail passes ulso
leutitll)ll: in SS 372

Would you like to go to Church this
Sunday? Bus leaves Dutch Quad at
l040 am For Prnevrew Community
Chuitti on Washington Ave. Exten-

Hull, Rulurns utter services

 

,trcmi stud-m about the  ot'

loreign ’ Study ‘ijp‘pille'at‘ion
Deadline: December '5. Applica-
tion deadlines lor two SUNY-
Blnghunpton mucus nod-ml:
program have been extended to

December 15, For lurther intormaﬁ

tion, write to the Ofﬁce of Inter-
national Studias, SUNV-
Englnmpton, NV l390l.

State Quad heard Co-op open
every Thursday 5:30-7:30

Albany State Fencing Society wll
meet Wednesdays 7:30 to 900 and
Saturdays 100042.00, tor Foil ,
Saber, and Epic inter arid intro
college competition as wil as
prolessiorid instruction.
arewelcame

Beginners

ooh

AttentionzPhonothon wllbe extend-
ed to Dec. 3 and Dec 4 It you arcin-
terested in helping out, pleas call
Gary Sussmon, 457-4307, We need
your help,

Mandatory Meet tndoorand Spring
Track candidates. Fri.4:00PE 125. ll
u'iable to attend you must contact
Coach Munsey.

The student activity Assessment
Fee Committee is now accepting
waiver appications lor the Spring
Semester. Palaeshavebeenchong-
ed and there is now an eniorced
application deadine. Application
lorrns and iniormation available in

CC 346.

In formation ‘ services: Campus
Cemter lniormatian 457-6923...Desk
lor general inlarmatron and student
events. lnlorie: lor questions on un-
iversity polices and procedures 457-
4630 SUNYA Line lar daily campus
ravt-rits ol general interest 457 869?

Parser, SUNYA'S Science Fiction

rnogazrneisstill accepting storres,crr
tides. Poems, photos and artwork

Deadline lor April publication is Dec.
20 Forrrrlo calIMitch oiMork at 436
0262

Talent auditions lo! Telethon '74
wrl be held Nov 27 46 pm, Nov 2‘?
7H pin, Dec. 7 2-4 pm. Auditions
Will be held in the Campus Center
Ballroom. Applicatronsmust beprck-
ed up at the CC inlormotron desk or
in CC 367

  
 

A truntlonjercbiimunttra‘. “nice
Stud-rite (SSW'MI‘: Piper! are
due in the Contact Ollicc LCBOB by
December 3rd. Make wrctheyoroin
it you wont to post the course!

i l h
Attention Community Service
Students: letter: trom your agency
are due in Mrs McKinley: ollice
(Mohawk Tower 1705, School at
Social Walton) by Dec. 3rd. Make
sure they are in it you want to poll
the course!
Attention Community Service
Stud-Its (SSW 390): it you are tak-
ing Conimurity Service lorhqsecond
time, you must go to one your)
evaluation session They start on
Nov. 26 and continue thru Dec. out
the times listed on the requirement
sheet.

what to do

The Union College Glee Club,

wil present a concert ol
Mostly American Music at the Union
College Memorial Chapel, Schenec-
tady, on Saturday, December l,
beginning at 8 pm Admrsuan ire 0

Chinese Club in (onlunctron
wrth CCC, is presenting a Chinese
Cinemoscope Movre. "Story of
Mother,” onNov. 30 Friday 8:00 pm
iii LC 3 Trckets‘ Si Without tax and
$50wrtli tax Sales in advance and
at door AI are welcome

Munchkin Club Indian Quad
ussoaatron are not short on enter~
tariiiiieiit! Sunday night, 8 pm there
wrl be a calleeltouse wnti Maddy
Isaac and Anne Ma rie Morra in the
skrnroom 25: at lhe door (.50:

without toxl Collee and donutsl ree.

TONlTE s Battle at the Bands - with
Neveiiiirrid, Neon Park, and
Monolith 9:00 '30 in the CC
Ballroom Beer and wrne sold
75ewrth tux, SI 75 without
sured by Indian and Dutch
by SA

Spon-
Funded

 

 

i
REDICK’S

3 CENTRAL AVE

 

\VINE AND LIQUORS

Lowest Legal Prices Permitted

t on All Merchandise

A full Line of Whiskey and Gin, Vodka,
Foreign and Domestic Wines and Cordials

In N Y State

434-0474

 

 

Resident Assistants
Mandatory Interest Meeting“

December 2 at 7:30 in LC I8

:"for all interested in ’74 - ’75 RA positions if unable
to attend contact Roger Wright at 457-8852 at

least two days prior to meeting.

 

 

ATTENTION
MEN - WOMEN

With Automobiles

EARN EXTRA MONEY IN YOUR SPARE
TIME
GOOD OPPORTUNITY FOR

lloiisew r\es - Shiltworkei . ('ollcgc Students

|| \orr li.r\c 1 - l days .iyarlrihlc and cart spend 4 to 5 day light
lltitlls oii pleasant outdoor work— Sign tip to LlClHL‘I rrcw
telephone directories in Albany. ('oloriic. Delmar. lilsrtict‘e.
|.it|i.iiri. lotrdonyrllc. McKriowrn
Sliriger lands. \kcst \lhariy. \‘l'estriicre. and surroundingareas.
I ll your deliyery tune to your per-

\t‘lct'l \orrr dcliycry .irca

siill.|i schedule

I'lc.r\t' icport on I I{IIM\ . \(t\ l M Ill It .ltlorSA l lJRl)AY.
l)l ( I Mlll R isl tor hiiiiig and route sclectrorr .it.

|‘rol)rs(‘o liic

Mciiands Regional Mnrkct
lty‘l llroadway tlst l'loor)
(next to lloiderr's llarryt
.'\1eriririds,Ncw York

Please do not call. apply in person Irorir It) AM to 4PM on the
spL'L‘IllL‘tl dates and daily thercaltei.

'Ic. Mcriaiids. chsselacr.

 

 

 

 

FRIDAY, NOVliMBldl Lllt

 

 

l‘t'l'l

ALBAN Y STU DENT PRESS

PAGE FIFTEEN

 
  

  

