 
   

  

    

bytllll'ﬂeller

, The Great Danes responded to
i) an aggravating l4-7 loss to Nichols
i with another record-breaking
home victory. This time the victim
 was Niagara. the score reached 75-
f 9, and the Danes rushed for over
1. 500 yards. Although they passed
it? sparingly. they still got two TD‘s by
(7 air. along with two defensive
( scores. As expected, the game was
' never close.

; Coach Ford was a bit apprehen-
sive before the game. worried
l' about fumblitis and the team‘s
mental condition. The latter was
ﬁne. but the Danes still fumbled if
time, losing six of them. But that
was no factor at all. for at least this
contest.

lehrrian

 

 

  

 

  

  
 

Utilizing the Wishbone attack
and dynamic interior blocking.
quarterback John Bertuzzi put
Albany on the board quickly.
Powerhouse full back Tom
DeBlois. the Dane's leading rusher.
scored from the If and the 18.

Niagara's only threat was muff-
ed later in the ﬁrst quarter when
they fumbled with a ﬁrst and goal
on the Great Dane two. After that
it was merely an exhibition as the
Danes ran over and through
Niagara‘s defense like water goes
through a sieve.

in what‘s turning out to be a
great contest for individual rushing
honors. the fresh trio of DeBlois.
Orin Grifﬁn, and George Hollie
opened up a big gap over Marvin

 

   
 

 

State University of New York at Albany

Gridders Romp Ag

Perry, who sat out the game’with
an injury. in just three games,
DeBlois has 307 yds.. Hollie 276,
Griffin 274. and Perry 186.

Grifﬁn stole the show Saturday
as he scored three times while gain-
ing I47 yards in six carried. Grifﬁn
broke TD runs of 77 and 57. prac-
tically back to back. in addition to
catching a seven yard TD toss‘from
Bertuzzi.

Hollie rushed 9 times for [30
yards while scoring twice. DeBlois
had 98 yards and 2 TD's. And new-
comer Glen Sowalski also scored
and had 78 yards running. The
other TD's were a 12 yd. pass from
Dave Ahonen to Bob Baxter, and
two exciting interception returns
by Ted Robinson and Larry Roe.
To top it off. Vinnie Pierce booted
9 of if PAT‘s.

While accolades could be heaped
on offense and defense (and they
certainly deserve them). or the
fumbles could be criticized. there is
a more important observation to
be made. What transforms a rag-
tag club football team to a varsity
learn that detriolishes former con-
temporaries? The answer is Coach
Bob Ford. and thejob he‘s done in
four years is phenomenal.

Front rt squad that had trouble
finding enotigli guys to play. Ford
has come up with a program any
small college. especially a state one,
would be proud of. He modernized
the offense. installed computer
scouting reports. and an extensive
and rewarding recruiting system,

The stats speak for themselves.
Albany.s no major power. not even
a small college power. yet. but
they‘ve scored |5l points in three
games. And while they now play
sortie teams they‘re overclrtsscd

against (nobody knew how power-
ful the Danes would be in their first
year rot varsity footbait).
they have rushed for almost 1400
yards in twelve quarters of foot-
ball.

How far can the Danes go in
football? Ford still insists that
Albany is maybe five years away
from the likes of Alfred and
Bridgeport (two top small college
teams). but this year will offer some
comparisons. For example. Alfred
bombed R P l 45-2l. and the
Danes face the Engineers early in
November. The Danes will also get
good stiff tests from Curry.
Brockport. R I T . and
Plattsburgh. How the Great Danes
fare in these games will be an in—

   

...'l'hey chalked up more than

George Hollie (Pictured Below) rushing for 130 yards and two touchdowns

 

 

 

. “mom‘s”

TUESDAY. OCTOBER 9, 1973

ain

dication of how far the Danes have
to go and how far they can go.

Ford is a great coach because he
has tremendous knowledge of the
game. but more important because
he' treats his players like individuals
and they respond. After a game. he
personally goes over to each Great
Dane and talks with them. Both
this year and last year Ford has
gone with a new offense and young.
new players. and oer time it will
really'show. It‘s showing now: 69-6
over Stony Brook. 75-9 vs. Niagara
- the scores aren‘t as important as is
the caliber of ball the Danes are
capable of playing. No team is
more than it‘s coach - this one is a
good one.

lehman

‘ a.

600 yards on the ground

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

1968-1973
Rocky For Vice-President ?

AP News Analysis

 

The threat of a bitter congressional fight over and
possible rejection of John Connolly illustrates the
problem President Nixon faces in nomiriritinga new vice
president.

Nixon‘s criteria are a person who is qualified to be
President. someone who shares his foreign policy views
and if nominee who can wiri the approval of the
l)emocratic-coritrolled House and Senate.

leading Democrats are firmly opposed to Conrially
and sortie Republicans warn that his selection would
split botli pa rites and precipitate a bitter and protracted
struggle,

Asked 'l'ltitrsday if he thought Republicans Would
make this clear Ill submitting their three recommen-
dations - both positive and rtcgative — to the President.
one (i()l’ senator said: "If he doesn't know it by now,
then it's liopclcss."

At the White House. Press Secretary Ronald L.
/.iegler' said Nixon “wants to riiove as expeditiously and
rapidly as possible" in sending the name of his choice as
Agrrcti's successor to ('origrcss. Ziegler said the Presi-
dent hris IlllttlL‘ clear he wants the “direct news" of coir
grcssiorial and Republican leaders. gover ours and GDP
state clirtit'iiien

liilhlcllll)‘. NlMifl appcairs to have
‘Sclcctron of one of the niritor figures in the titll’gmng
one of the party's presidential hopefuls ll leg tip on the
I970 nomination “L'SItlL’\( ’onoally.tlns list is headed by
New York trot. Nelson A. Rockefeller. and ('arlilornirr
(ioi Ronald Reagan.

.\c\t Yolk Republican leaders promoted Rorkclcllcr

three choices:

lliutsdri) its the man to succeed resigned \‘icc I’|c.\,itl0|ll
Spiro | Agnew. htit Rockefeller lnmsvll has norit’orn»
niitrtl

li S Rep I’clcr l’eiscr. irorii Rockcfellcr‘s borne
county of \N‘cstclrcster. telephoned llic gotcrrior to
declare his support lltc govcrriot ckpresscd "iictitr' iii-
tercst" in the rob. ri l’cyser spokcsnntn stud.
Rockefeller. who was in Washington for a scheduled

 

by David Lerner

Curt Smith. the controversial
teacher ol'the English Department.
has levelled charges at the Ad-
ministration for what he terms
“misdirected priorities on tenure
policy."

Sriiitli. in conjunction with
teacher Leroy Pclton of the Psy-
chology Department. conducted
an investigation of the teachers
who were scheduled to come tip for
tenure last year. lhesc tcrichcrs
represent orin those who taught or
now teach in the (‘ollcgc of Arts
and Sciences. lhc two men
selected for :I basis of study
tltc tctiching records oi the Spring.
1973 SL'itlL'SlL'i

Sriiitli concentrated his munch
on the ll)[1tillit'\l.\ llltll the teachers
“in! rcccttcd tcniirc last year
taught the least riuriihcr of
MIMI-“115. the least rittrnbei ol iri-
dividtirtl sections and the lowest
percentage of undergraduate work.
According to the comments issued
with his report. “the tenure systcrit
is biased against those who teach a

speech to it foreign policy group. thanked l’eyser for his
support bttt did not say whether hcwasscekingtheiob.

“What i said was that at this moment in the history of
our country with the problems facingthis nation. anyone
who is dedicated and devoted to public service has to he
open-riiindcd to any opportunity for service.“
Rockefeller said when questioned afterwards.

State 001’ Chairman Richard N. Rosenbrrirm. reserv~
ed on the subject before speaking to Rockefeller
Wednesday night. announced through it new release
that he had recommended the governor to the national
Republican committee as the perfect candidate. Other
New York Republicans did the same.

it Rockefeller is picked tosuccecd Spiro Agriewas vice
president. the litre of succession in New York State
would work this way:

it. (iov. Malcolm Wilson of Yonkers wrnild move up
to governor tor the remainder of the term, which ends
Dec 1!. 1975.

Senate Majority leader Warren M. Anderson of
litngliruntori, ti Republican like Rockefeller and Wilson.
ti ould nssuriic tliedutics of flu: lieutenant go\cr nor to rid-
ditiori to his own rob, llcnonltl not assume the llflL‘. inst
the dutics. Wlieri Wilson IN out of the state. Alltlt‘hiitt
would be acting goicrnoi

Assembly Spcrikct l’cri) ll
Republican. would be acting goiciooi \\llll \\ tl\til| nod

Dulicrt. .iuotlrer

Andcrsoo oirt of the \ltift'

I lit: stoic constitution stops .it this point and does litrl‘

protnlc it further line of succession

Succession is spelled out it] one ulltt'l plrric .i statute
prescribing ii ho IS to \llt‘tctttl tltc goicr riot in lllllt'S of .it
trtrk or it natural oi pericetuiic tlhilhlt‘f

lltL' line of \tit‘t'c‘\\|titi intlns law. lieutenant go\ ci llt't.
Senate Minority lcrtdcr. Assembly spcrtkct. ottoruci
gcnctril. coriiptrollcr. transportation conniiisionci.
licriltli.comnnssiooci. industrial coonnissrorrcr. choir-
illilil of the l’tihlic Scrvrce t'omoussion. and set-retro y of

strife.

large number of students. especial-
ly against those who teach a large
number of undergraduates."

Tilt: report cited several ex-
amples of what he considered
grossly misdirected priorities on
the part riftlie tenure review board
and the specific Department
chairmen, Without mentioning it
specifically. Smith inferred that
forrticrl)can liunshcrecr. and now
Vice President of Academic Affairs
Phillip Sirotkiri are specifically to
blame for the standards.

According to the report. the
general titcr'riges for the teachers
rccciirng tenure last year
dramatically indicate that lllt.‘\
tritiglit less sllldcllls.lltltl of those. :I
lower percentage of tlierri \icieini-
thltlfiltlllillCS lItctttcr‘rrgcournlicr
of student» tzrnglit by it faculty
member l.l\l year of those who
|t‘t‘L‘f\L‘tl tcnutc IS ,il h’t). ()l thew.
37 5i) were undergraduate
\llttlctlls ()l the teachers “lititlltl
oot tcccnc tenure l.|\l year. the
.iict’age of students taught lumped
to fi7.li4. of “Rich (itiiti were tiri-
dcrgraiduntcs lhc tenured factilty
members taught ontheaveragc ll)
sections while those who failed to
receive tcntirc riicragcd 3.|5 sec—
trons.

Said Siiirtli. "llic any to get
ahead :it SUNYA is to teach ll
small number of graduate students
in one's area of specialization.
'(iood leaching‘ means the
\tiClillf/r’llltlll of an elite."

Smith rrlsodiscountcd the slogan
of "publish or pcrrsh‘ which has
been used by Atlriirnistrators tocx—
ctise their decisions concerning iti-
dii idual cases. [he report citcstlie
lcricl liynurn of the Philosophy
Department. Byntini it appears
taught l7li students last semester.
tlll of whom were undergraduates.
He had Just recently published a
book by Oxford Uritvcsity Press
which had come tip for distinguish—
ed award, He failed in his bid for

lt‘illll'L'.

Also noted here Marvin
Stcriilictg l‘ctlfltiilllL‘S
Dcptirtrricut.
published more scholarly \HithS
lllrllt most of the tenured faculty in
his llt'tidlllllt'lil. He too was
the list goes or.
r\lc\;lliilcl l’ ()blcrisk) of the
S.rl\it languages l)epart..icril
published it book entitled llrIrI/i

of the
He, II appears. furs

tlt‘illt‘tl tcutnc

of Ril\\lrlll lr'Itr‘ ironic-wits

not granted to ()hlr-nski crtlicr

lllNltiH lL‘ttL‘lit‘l .lllilL' llahtict‘
published \L’\L'l;il books. l'liyslcs
tcaiclicr tong M Kim has had
publication ('urt South himself
cicn seems to qualify according to
Administration alleged titles. He
has publisltcd five articles rind 4t)

  
  
 

Smith: “Misdirected Priorities”;
Says Untenured Taught Most

percent of'his classes were graduate
level courses. Yet none of these
teachers were given tenure. Gary
Hillcbrand qualiﬁed himself for
tenure. as according to Smith‘s
hypothesis. He had a very light
class loadonly l l students. none of
whom were undergraduates. He
was a member of the Biology
Department which Smith calls very
influential along with the other
sciences rind the Math Depart-
"will.

Of those that received tenure.
Douglas Alexander. at the time
lllr'lltl) chairman of the French
Department. taught all of seven
students first semester. all of whom
were undergraduates and has not
published anything to Smith‘s
knowledge in “H: to six years. Of
the ten members that received
tenure lttsf year. full) five ofthem
\\L'I'L' ll'fllll llll.‘ lllillll nr SCTCITCCS.
(ioly .foe .lerikins of the Math
Dcpirrtnrcnt seemed to \tolatc
South‘s llkptllllCSIS as stated.

lhe ollicr niriior'cxception totlic
rule was ('.irolinc Waterman. who
after it inner light “lllllll this tiri-
l\t.'t’.\f|_\. \\i.l\ granted tenure.

l cro_\ Pclton. \\ ho conducted
the other hrrlf of this study concen-
trated on the salaries of professors
as a function of the hours of class
trrnc the)V put in per week. Pclton
was denied tenure and is no longer
a riieniher of the SUNYrA faculty
ty. Smith was denied tenure aswell
but his contract doesn‘t run out un-
til May so he is scheduled for an
appeal and review of his case.

Smith and l’clton grit their infor-
motion from the Registrar's filcsol
the Corrected Section List. lhey
checked each Department by sec-
tion and looked primarily for totar
classes and students taught. The
subiectiic data on each of the
teachers was confidential rind not
open to Smith‘s observation. This
data includes personal studies.
medical reports. teaching fitness as
determined by the Department
('hairmtin lliis information rs
open orin to the Specific teacher.
its well as the rnditrdtizil Depart—
riicrrt ('lianrman and the Ad-
lllllllhlillltll'S.

l'cltotl. it seems. has not allotted
to l'Cl\L‘\\ hru'd obrcctiie dattt that
the Registrar hard riittilrililc.Sriiitli
belicicx that his coritrotcrsiril
rirttttrc gained Iiirn access to these
files

South .rsseits that the report is
c\ttcrucl_\ obicctiw and cannot be
biased toward either \ItlL‘. An) dis-
crcpiincy in data would he iust its
likely to occur on one side its it
would on the other: It remains to
be seen whether the faculty up for
teritirc this yettr wrll follow the
pattern that was established here.

3

t «a... . -152“ .‘ w‘ L.»

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

l
.i
‘l

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

,‘
r
I
r
r

   

