   

.x-Vt‘ﬁ‘”! em‘
'

a. ~c.,r..-.g,,.- ..

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

by [hen-on

Following thefirst‘reported fiscal
surplus in many years. the Faculty
Student Association has an-
nounced additional measures to
reduce overhead costs and keep
students‘ meal contract rates down.
The plan. approved b y the F.S.A.
food advisory committee. calls for
the introduction of anew com-
puterized meal checking syste‘m on
all quad cafeteria dinner. lines.

Each quad's cafeteria would
have a small metal'box where the
checker\is. Instead of thelpresent
process. where the checker crosses
out the'meal card number on a
sheet. the computerized meal card
would be fed into the box.'The
computer would automatically
note the card's number. and the
checker\would look to make certain
that the person waiting on the line
is the same person in the mealcard
picture. I
Since the computer system

would be campus Wide, it could be
ascertained whetheror not thecard
had been used previously for that
meal. if it had. or if it had been
reported lost or stolen.a green light
would go on indicating that the
meal card was invalid. Otherwise. a

 ' FSA-To Computerize Cafeteria

would allow formoreeflicientfood
preparation by the chefs. which.
added to the faster checking
process. would shorten ( lines
and lessen waiting time. \

Also. the savings on freebies
would lower FSA costs (which are
passed on to students in the price of
the meal card).lThe FSA could in-
crease the eltictiincy of their billing
and funding procedures.

At present. each quad's cafeteria
is funded according to the number
of meal contract students living on
the quad. Under the proposed new
system. each quad would receive
money depending upon the
number ofdiners it served. a more
accurate method.

computer extension, the chef can
know how many people haveeaten
and where, and have a better idea
of how much food to prepare.

An example of the usefulness of
this aspect was seen during the
World Series.Very fewhtudents had
eatenydinnerasof5130.yetatabout
6:00 after the game was over. the
lines were extremely long. Had the
chefs had numbers to work;with.the
foodpreparation might have been
adequate.

Refunds For Mhsed Meals

When a mealcard is inserted into
the box, the computer Would
record its number. and where it was
used. The effects would be to allow
refunds to be made forl missed
meals. enable extensive statistical Approved by AdvboryCommlttee
analyses to be made concerning The Food Service Advisory
eating trends. and. of course. a Committee. which includes three
sharp decreasein freebie meals. FSA representatives and live

Meal contract students would be students. hasnlrcady approved the
advantaged by the plan in that installation of the computer
statisticalanalyses ofeatingtr'ends an t m. Whether ior not the com—

J

    

  

puter will be installed (on a penna-
nent or trial basis) depends upon
the decision reached by the FSA
Board of Directors. The Board.
which is composed of eleven
members: three administrators.
three faculty. four undergraduate
students. and one graduate stu-
dent. manages the affuirsi and
property of the FSA.

The Board ofDirectors will vote
on the matter at their December l2
meeting. While the meeting is not
open. anyone requesting to attend
(in advance) will be allowed to do
so.
Three of the Quad Boards have
thus far endorsed the computer
system: Colonial, Dutch. and In-
dian. Colonial Quad Board Presi-
dent. Gerry Ring. said thatheis in
favor of the proposed computer
system. “providing that it is used to
save students' money."

According to E. Norbert Zahm.
who is the General Manager ofthc

   

\ .
FSA, the FSA could save $25,000

annually. and he considers this to
be a conservative estimate. sihm
said that the computer's cost would
be approximately $|2.(lt)t).

Peter Haley. Assistant to it“
Director of Food Service. Ctlllslhc
proposed system “fantastic.” Ht
noted that the savings which 1h;
computer could mrikc might be
enough to offset rising food costs.
thus maintaining the present food
contract rates.

Vice-President ot the SA‘ Bum.

DaVis. who is on tln- l‘SA Board or
Directors. said that he opposestht
plan at this time.
. When the three Quiid Board‘i
endorsement of tlic systcm win
mentioned to Duvls. hc rcmarkt-d
that he was unaware 01 this. He
added that the Quntl liozirdg‘dm.
sion. as rcprcscntniiic ol thcreii-
dent students. would hc lilitL‘nlnlo
account.

Another mcnihci ol lll'.‘ l‘SA
lion rd of Directors. \»\ (amp.
trollcr Bob Ktiriiiicl \.tltl llllllllt‘
had not dccidcd upon lltc ntrlllt‘t
yet. because he \Hlx "\lrllltllg In:
more data." He iltlilL‘li ili.ii llt' lint
not been gitcit llitltl lit-um. .llm
that he had not liven lliltl Ilicoiiii

 

by Ken Wax

Wednesday‘s Central Council
meeting Wits more crowded than
usual. The gallery numbered about
thirty—five and the mood of room
375 was one of impatience. The
ethnology of the visitors indicated
that thch Wits to be it matter of
some importance to l’ucrto Ricun
students discussed.

Tilt stand ing comm it tcc reports
were finished a littlc after eight
o‘clock and there wastinairol‘anx-
iousncss during the President's
Report. About nine o‘clock bill
7374-71 came to the floor. l’licbill.
cntitlcd Who/'1' Iht‘ I’m/whim"
proposed thc creation 01 ii task
l'orcc to rcsolvc the problems
dividing the EOl’StudcntAssocin-
tion. The bill would have the five
non-partisan members “‘le
their solution. which Will be bin-
ding on both liiclions. by January
23. I‘)74. the week after intcrscssion.

A commitlct.‘ set up by Central

students in the EOPSA reported
last week. Their View of the situa-
tion was disappointing. reporting
little chance for reconciliation
between the two groups.

.lust seconds after the bill was
read the floor wasy iclded to one of
thc l’iicrto Rican students. He
suggested that an equitable solu-
tion could be found by taking half
of the twenty thousand dollars
iillottcd for Black and l’ucrto
Ricun Weekend. and use it to
hutlgct a l’tierto Ricun oi‘giinira-
tion lor the rest of the academic
year.

Alter hricl council discussion. it
was pointed out that this money ii.
not intended to be divided up for
this purposcand it would be unfair
to the black members of EOPSA to
itiiikc such a decision without giv-
ing them it chance to make
themselves heard before Council.

lhc l’ucno Rictin students
rctictcd by saying that if that was
the case. then the EOl’SA budget

 

 

,Ix . .0...»-

 

    

Council acted on a bill pertaining to the split between Black and Puerto

within EOPSA
It was itotcd that because of this
internal EOI’SA political arguing
thcrc lltld been no miin ority
programming and rcfrccling the
liOl’SA budget (which had been
l'ro/cn and pending the first SA in

Rican factions

ty programming the entire
scmcstcr. In light of this Central
(‘otincil tlddcd ti pitnigraph which
would will for freezing only the
half of the Black and l’ucrto

Rican Weekend monies that the

bill‘s binding arbitration com-
mittee. This compromise was well
accepted and the new committee's
chairman. Eric Lonscbein. stated
he would try to have the committee
report before intercession.

After that bill had been acted on
the gallery emptied quickly in a
mass exodus.

The referendum last week con-
coming the impeachment of the
President was put into writing and
will be submitted. in the form of a
letter. to Scnn tor .ltivits to be read
iitto the Congressional Record on
hclltlli ol the student body.

i'hc Council decided to in-
vestigate the financial pntcticcs of
the concert boii rd. Their budget is
to he submitted to the Central
Council for inspection next week.

§Unli| lurtltcr notice Concert Bonrd

I .
.2 will be able to spend no new

.. v;  ‘. \“V'o

li’uertoill‘lcan students sat in en masse at Wednesday's Council meeting.

monies. although their previously
incurrcd bills will be paid. ~l'hc bill
calling for the investigation was
passed by ii voice vote.

"you likcjumping out ol'pltiiics
(mid who doesn‘t) you‘ll be happy
to know that the Skydii ing Club is
now liiiidcd. l'hc .lii/I ('ltib got
postponed until next week. when.
it is hoped. it rcpi‘cscnintiic will be

 

  

      
 

 

 

 

   

 

 

  

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

red light Wol'ld blink on. the card putcr sysicin‘x [\ll|[\i|\t\ Itl 7i. Council ihrcc weeks ago to in- should he t'roren because itshould  » , . , , , . _ v . . -
withdrawn and returned to thestu~ hum-[m it, im- .HHIHH. Mm” vestigiitc the growing division not be able to spend any monies  mitt: “HIE-:23: Ilium). [Sicn'n  had imkﬁq pmm" m “plum lhc Midst"
dent. and the next card inserted. lllStllllCllllttllt‘tl lll.illii amid“. bctwccn lilack and l’ucrto Riatn during the investigation. t y ‘ 0" pm m5 1 e “mm” 0' i "
this process. whi! iipP-ii-cntly m Human."1h“WHWHMM~
very simple. would allow it com- and lllltl out it on l‘ .n. .n.~.
plctc revision of many of the i "hidden costs " h P e
     0w ou an ac urc ase ow r
'l'hccomputcrsystcm bcingcon- billlllttl’ t'oi'npiiici  t r- '
sidrcd is manufactured by lllM. i I k V". I MN  ‘ .  f  T k
“"d is dCSlBIWd 10 PL‘rloi‘iii‘. sixtccn tidiird‘sgiltilii‘ic: lot " l x \ i -|    0 e 
ditlcrcnt operations. . ‘ I h i r ' i M w
In addition to speeding up the >1,lll:l’llll‘li‘31:3:1:”? '_ " l"  3AM. lN THE ‘~ g ‘ “ 2“ 'i “ ‘ i \, puncﬁASE POWER, mc. 5Asu, mc,
chucking Process (the new systcm is m“. wlmplm' ' it 6 M g THE Tm“ URKIS‘ROOM. ‘  tugs:3;;;0:E:::ﬁTm-AN Alb 109 :tstafztaze;
supposed to take only l'/_1 scconds 1 . . I . ‘ P g 89 piScovERs “ c I . any. I .
pct card). it candccrcusc lllL'itl lincs  hliulltiltllik.u;iiltnlli.lii - ‘ I    ‘ \ a), Mayo: Expana'e-‘Produiz. be $150 00 0' 9mm”) 1
considerably. é . “hul‘h‘lnh \‘lk  J I V % i U (crizxtlaLprtca o I em in . 
wiihczicli kitchcn linvingn small The proposed computer is hoped to shortm the long dinner line waits. plllcl'x lips‘ldllltlt .i l  > 3 Greater New Yo,“ cm “Handing Wenchene, and "an." coumioﬂ. o
** Call: 212-687-4880 3
  i g Upstate New York (Suffolk County. Albany, Syracuse, Rochester. Buf- D.
" ’74 & ’75 .ll  WITH . Q'faloareasl ' .n
-— Call toll free 800-631-0970 Monday-Friday 9A.M.-6P.M. Wednesday 0
v ERS! asses 0 WI ponsor  U   a
’C ”\ WHEN vou CALL:
d A // 1. Give the SASU Group number - No. 628
2. Id tify what you wish to purchase (make. model and type)
n n n     3. w::ra you wlsh to purchase the item item (location in the state, nota
particular dealership).
YOU WILL RECEIVE:
1. A purchase power certificate valid for between 15- 30 daysin which
1 S . . 0 time you must motto your purchase. d
2. Answers to any questions as to procedure with regar s to your
9‘ 9"“9 Vacation. Spring Semester m  g
F 'd F b 15 S d  .. . u
- 1. Call the doalar named on the certificate for an appotntment.
r!  , e .   ,  . 2 4 ,  7 4 m 2. When you visit the dealership immediately present the certificate (and g
‘0 Tax Card and SUNYA ID.) to tho designated person. Do not discuss the o-
. I I g transaction with anyone except the designated salesman. ' ' m
. h . h d I ‘II II t 81.00 service 08 or
Buses w111 leave Clrcle Frl— Albany State Sunday ‘9 SUHSLnxmrnt . ..  c. .. .. g
dd Feb 15 t 1 2 T) SPECIAL NOTE FOR AUTOMOBILE PURCHASES d l m
- x You at decide on your make. model and accessories in a Vance 0
Y-’ .   I   - 2 4 . A. C ‘ lé Um visitiirizyuihu dealer and bring a complete written list with you.
Arrive lVl 1am1 S f _ d . d 1 w W...  W...   
1 at a ter Gommo allonS an l [186. S A Purchase Power Success Story Hﬁﬂwi'; Ziiioiiw mfﬁ'ﬂm gm, a i fﬂmvmm
‘ v i ram .1
 F   A f  k . 1 d d ' The story you are about to read is true. However. the i CANOE? "P W 50/- ” mm “mm/"m I 3:.me
I e u    u e -  m names have been changed to Pl")tem “‘9 innocent' s:    i
. ‘ PURClM 5' ,
Of      My nameis Thursday. lamastudent. lwantad to buy Mmsm awn,” mt [iiBMY/ L J: I
F1 ‘ d I R b    _   stereo equipment. I tried Purchase Power and this is my M Aiirimirssr "9,1,; ‘
t . . I
 a.   S  5 ON I started out by calling Purchase Power’s toll free Iv” ‘1 i
. I ' ' d from with}; gi'g'ﬂgﬂi {ti-figs“! ,.
[ l | phone number for Upstate New York. lraceive 7 m7”
le 6 V 6 M16. 1  , ' them an the necessary information, including the name of 7
 F b 2 3 - Tleei’S WI" be sold early next semester on 0 their nearest dealership. Ashorttimelatarlrocaived from  i
 e - i  “rahcomel ﬁnhsened basis them a purchase certificate for presentation to the dealer.  A  ‘  I\
. I Setout on my quest. ‘ SHOW 1 .‘ ‘
Upon reaching the dealers Itold him what I Wished to E
   buy. He was most helpful and courteous. The savings I 
' f the boat , .I
F ' ' wore unbelievablol Over $1,300.00 worth 0 I
Dues paying members, $35.00 or more Informat'on, stereo equipment for less than $650.00! The speakersl  _.
Cl ’ 9 : WOTCh ASP next semester Of CUH- purchasodlistodtor$250.00apieceand I got them for  .
asses 0f  &  round  Bob Krill ’ only $100.00 oachl Amazing valuesl I hope you too can \ﬁ 
 A (m V‘P' Cid SS 0i "/4 '1 '/ I take advantage of these types of savings on cars, stereos. ﬂ I 1am \
7 ' ‘ ‘ ~ v ' t. d i . A ,_
Other students:  round trip Ll (dll llrririri l reds. Class ol /4 ii i ; came” “qu'pmen 8" "m" . 341.com.
’1 d Wtsirislock Pit-3.. Class ol "/55 vi / I 'r'
t“ N
. '. . . .er
Tell your friends .. Don ,t . . .  . t ' _ “W m,
b 6* '88 It! More Information Available in The Student Association Office CC346 “My,” “anymimim,
itib'b'b-b rb'b*ééﬁéﬁéﬁﬁéd‘tﬂbﬁ'ﬂbﬁéﬁééé*irbdvbtb'b'bd'dreb*tb'b'bédwbrbd‘d ' ——

 

 

 

PAGE SEVEN

 

 

FRIDAY. DECEMBER '1, 1973 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE SIX

ALBANY S'i‘uoigN'i‘Piirzii: FRIDAY WWW... . 

 

