 

        
            
       

by  WI!

The zesty Sbakespearian collage, Only One Will, was perfomred by
a ten member company via SUNYA’a experimental theatre program
February 10-11. Director Robert Verini conceived and arranged this
play as “An attempt to find a right way” for all ages, but especially
high school students, to appreciate Shakespeare. Nevertheless, Verini
stressed that “beyond this more or less educational death, Only One
Will... (was) designed as an entertainment."

As an entertainment, a quick kicking mood piece, Only One Will
was excellent. Spontaneity never exited, and was the star in One
Will's montage presentation. The opening scene featured Shakes-
pearian quips humorously boiled together. Then, intercut with dance
routines several short scenes from The Tanpert, Harder, A
Midsummer’s Night Dream, A: You Like It and The Taming of the
Shrew were performed. The highlight from these scenes were the
two extracted from A Midsummer's Night Drmm concerning the
mock performance of “Pyramus and Thisbe." John Rubin was a
comically convincing Peter Quince, as was Larry Brown a perfectly
enlarged Bottom the Weaver.

The Renaissance ﬂavor was all there. Although the group’s dancing
sagged, individually Carol Tanzman gracefully adapted herself as
Ariel for The Tempest scene.

Nevertheless, l felt let down occasionally at the cheap use of
editing for humor’s sake. As the company later proved in enacting
the hysterical Pyramus and Thisbe scene, Shakespeare was often
intentionally funny, thus precluding the necessity of corrupting
certain passages. For example, in the opening scene one player
protrudes his rump to the line, “There’s a divinity that doth shape
our ends." At another point, Brutus, after being stabbed cries, “That
was the unkindest cut of all.”

Moreover, the sketchiness of Only ne Will made me wonder if the
high school student or the college nglish major benefited most
from this production. The scenes are staged rapidly without
introduction. After seeing Only One Will I believe an average high
school student would realize that Shakespeare was more than forty
minutes of classroom tedium, but have no idea what had gone on.
For the college English major the show could be like a day-time quiz
game of hear one note and name this tune. Thus, from fore-
knowledge of the plays an English major could derive artistic
appreciation for Only One Will.

Did Only One Will ﬁnd that “right way" Robert Verini was
searching for? As an entertaining sketch for those knowledgeable of
Shakespeare I say yes, but for the essential modern Shakespeare my
Emmy still goes to Joseph Papp.

 

I DON'T KNOW

 

 

 

 

Alchemisi's Mysteries

By Saul-Paul Sirag/AFS

Some alchemists known as
Adapts are said to have made
gold by putting a little reddish
powder into a molten mass of
lead. Their aim was not to make
gold, however-- they were testing
whether or not they had suc-
ceeded in making the reddish
powder, called the Philosopher’s
Stone.

They had to have a way of
tasting it because when its qual-
ity was assured they mixed a
tiny bit in distilled wine and
drank it as an “elixer of life."
They believed the elixer was
capable of curing diseases and
prolonging youth. Surprising as
it is to us today, the elixer's
all-important function was to
raise one's level of conscious-

ness.

At long last there is a book
that makes alchemy a little clear-
er: Alchemists and Gold by
French historian Jacques Sadoul.
Even this book, however, is
laden with abstruse metaphors,

" "' m ‘ ‘Ilrc, and

 

l

l

 

 

lIntemational Students Associationl

~—v—v

presents a colorful
VALENTINE BALL
Music By A Live Band
Fri, February 16 at 9pm
Brubacher Dining Hall

drinks served
$1.00 with tax card

AAALA A.A~A_AAA_

 

 

 

 

deliberate omissions--thc rcsult,
perhaps, of persecution by the
Church, the greed of princes,
and the destructive bent of mili-
tary men, which are some of the
historical reasons for rtlchcmiatn'
secrecy.

By present scientific standards,
BIChemy doesn’t make sense.
True enough physicists can
transmutc one clement into on-
other by splitting and fusing
atoms. But this is done with
rather large machines culled llC‘
cclcrators, using enormous
amounts or electricity. Also we
have chcmlcnl wnyir (sUCh us
LSD) to change our level of
consciousness. But this doesn't
seem to how anything to do
with nit-la! chemistry. We cer‘
tainly don't yet. have u chcmicul
“fountain of youth," though not
for luck of tryi

@si Somme Sorority

Celebrates
75 Years of Sisterhood

 

Yet for all its fabulousness,
there are sober, historical rea-
sons for believing that alchemy
was for real: there were people
who became quite suddenly
wealthy. They were not alchem-
ists, but claimed to have been
contacted by alchemists, who
had given them small quantities
of the reddish powder, the Phil-
osopher's Stone.

They had been instructed to
demonstrate transmutation to
highly placed people, especially
sceptical scientists. The alchem-
ists apparently wanted to show
that their art was not fictitious,
They did well to stay in hiding,
for the usual outcome of open-
ness was that some king would
order a demonstration of gold
-mriking, and when it was suc-
cessful, imprison the demon-
strutor to get the secret out of
him, usually by torture.

Two scientists, according to
their own testimony, carried out
transmutations in the seven-
teenth century. The Belgian
chemist Jean-Baptists van Hel~
mont in 1618 was given some
powder by an alchemist. Hel-
mont did the transmutation him-
self and had the courage to
publish the results. In 1666,
Hclvetius, the physician to the
Prince of Orange in The Hague,
received a very small quantity of
yellow powder from a stranger.
He had the gold tested in the
Dutch Ofﬁce of Assay, and the
Muster Controller of the lab-
oratory suid that it was of the
highest standard he had ever
seen. In 1667, Benedict Spinoza,
the philosopher, gives an
an account of his investigation
of the transmutation: “To make
sure of my facts, I went to see
Brechtel, the man who did the
assay. He told me that while it
was being melted, the gold had
actually increased in weight
when he dropped some silver
into the pot. The gold that
changed the silvor into more
gold must havo been of u very
remarkable kind!"

Accounts of the health of al-
chemists are. also in the historical

record. There are chcral on

BUT THEY‘RE
ALL IN THE

 

 

Joey/M 3w 00A 4/ ’10) 40 «N05 annex swam;

' 17.1 1/ 1N5! UNI Moray: 5/111 1/70 An: 1544‘ ‘ ‘ _
HIM/mm imam-sz :smoa up”:

"laws/I

737441,! in III 1an Min/M35311; 3m m JIM .MJ 1501'

Explained

Count St. Germain (recorded
oVer many years) saying that he
always appeared to be about 45
years old. Although he attended
many banquets, the records say
he never rite a thing.

There have been alchemists
who made the philosopher’s
stone right up to the present.
The most famous twentieth cen-
tury Adept is a man going by the
name of Fulcanelli. This alchem-
lsl. warned the chemist Jacques
Bcrgier in 1937 about the dan-
gers of atomic explosions and
artificial radio-activity. (The first
atomic chain reaction in official
seience happened in 1943.) In
194 5, an American major work-
ing for an intelligence unit con-
tacted Bergier. The major was in
a terrible sweat to find the al-
chemist, Fulcanelli.

Fulcanelli’s description of al-
chemy is worth pondering. “You
will not. be unaware that in
present-day official science the
part played by the observer be-
comes more and more impor-
tant. Relativity, the principle of
contingency, demonstrates how
important is the role of the
observer nowadays. The secret
of alchemy is that there exists a
means of manipulating matter
and energy so as to create what
modern science calls a field of
forces. The ﬁeld of forces acts
upon the observer and puts him
in a privileged position against
the universe. From this privi-
leged pusition he has access to
realities that space and time,
matter and energy normally con»
coal from us. This is what we call
the Great Work."

Based mainly on the writings
of Fulcanelli, Cylaini, and Phili-
IeLhes, Sadoul presents a detailed
procedure for making the philos~
ophcr's stone. The procedure is
not simple but it is at least clear.
For the first time the vcxing
question of the starting material
is plainly discussed. Those of us
with a sense of irony will be
happy to know that it is possible
to begin on the alchemical path
by using as our starting [nutcran
iron pyritcs, or “fool‘s gold."

 

nur lll rr nrrrru rr m n m n m u m u m n m n In at m it run run in rr ur lLlll n m n in u in ii rrr ll in'n'ur

 

7:30 & 9:30
$.10 w/tax 8r ID

rill-irlrnanirlrl-Illltill"munIllllliultllitllnltirn _

Albany State Cinema

brings you

Nilsson’s acclaimed cartoon

"THE POINT"
Thursday Feb. 15

n

x?) luepnis Ao Dapun;

LC 18
3.50 w/ out

-Illlllﬂlllmlllﬂlllllllllllllllllrllhllllllll1lr]llll nmuw

 

 

 

hnrl

 

m:.........,.-..m...nm.......................n

 

 

 

 

    

- gmmmwnwyawymz

   

. r- ..:~ggﬂg*,.twwarmweummvo

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

’vauc»mmnon-es€m<. a v v: .1

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 1'5, 1973

 

 

 

    
   
     
 
  
   
 
   
    
   
  
   
   
  
 
  
    
   
  
  
  
 
 
 
   
  

. Maurine: n-stwrzpn: “Wm.” ;

  

  
 

Some inner-city ghullos have special schools. For little
boys who don't talk.
Not mute little boys. But children so withdrawn, so afraid

thing at \\'l1l('llll10y might fail.

Some don't talk. Some don't listen. Must don’t behave. And
all of them don't learn,

One day someone uskcd us to help.

'l'hrough Kodak, cameras and ﬁlm were distributed to
teachers. The fem-hers gave the cameras to the kids and told
them to take pictures.

  

thing, looked at the pictures and began to talk. 'l‘hcy suid
“This is my house.” “This is my dog." “This is where I like

itures tak.
Some little boys don’t.

of failure, they cannot make the slightest attempt to do any-

And thou the miracle. Little boys who had never said any-

       
                        
  
  

to hide." They began to explain, to describe, to communicate.
And once the channels of communication had been opened,
they began to learn.

We’re helping the children of the inner»city. And we're
also helping the adults. We're involved in inner~clty job pro-
grams. To train unskilled people in useful jobs.

What does Kodak stand to gain from this? Well, we're
showing how our products can help a teacher—and maybe
creating a whole new market. And we're also cultivating
young customers who will someday buy their own cameras
and ﬁlm. But more than that, we're cultivating alert, edu-
cutcd citizens. Who will someday be responsible for our society.

After all, our business depends on our society. So we care

what happens to it.

More than a business.

.1. “i

 

 

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 13. 1973

  

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

teams; '

PAGE FIF'I‘EEN

 

    
    
   
 

  
      
 
     
   
    

         
    
      

    

