IIL'IW'U.

ii‘t foi‘ti.Conn,ll01(i1

/

{he it with  )St'

4

c

I

e.The Tequila Sunrise. M

‘ ice. Mix well. Then add '2: oz. Gi‘enadine (more 01‘ less-i
SunriseBoX2010.Heuhlein.lnc..Dept. ICH

1e the Srini‘is

juice over

9.

iii
2
E
z
a
U)
H
I
I-
H
l
<
2

Allow the Grenadine to settle to the bottom. See the sunrise. Stir the Sunrise/Pas

You can make the Sunrise, too. Pour 112 OZ. Cuervo Tequila and some orange
For additional copies of this poster, send 50C for each poster to

 

 

a... .

.,.. ,Muxrnaxxssv ..

 

 

Letters to the Editor

Dramatic Letter -

_l To the Editorr:

We, the members of Theatre Council-an

%0rganization of theatre students who are
responsible for funding, organizing, and
conducting theatre activities on this
campus~would like to express our deep
concern over an important matter.
As responsible theatre students, we wish
to make our feelings known regarding the
failure to renew Joe Balfior's contract.
We believe that the primary goal of the
University and the Theatre Department is
to teach. A person‘s teaching ability is
not contingent on the number or level of
degrees he has obtained. Unfortunately,
in recent years, this University has chosen
to ignore student opinion and student
need by dismissing the services of out-
standing teachers. This is not unique to
the Theatre Department.

All of us in Theatre Council have
worked in some capacity with Mr.
Balfior. We have known Mr. Balﬁor as
teacher, director, advisor, and friend. He
is the ideal ﬁrst acting teacher. He has
unselfisth given of his time and extended
his talent to reach every student involved
in theatre. His primary concern is to
provide a learning experience for every
student. His productions are an extension
of this goal. As a director, his main
:objective is to give the student the best
‘learning activity, rather than creating ii
:shawcase for his own unique talent as a
director.

We need teachers whose ﬁrst duty is to
students and student learning. Therefore,
we call on you to reconsider the circum-
stances which have precipitated Mr.
Balﬁor's dismissal.

Theatre Council

Count Your Blessings

To the Editorr:

In last Friday's ASP (March 30) you
had the comic irony to print a piece of
responsible r-rnrservarr'vr' unalysn' by some-
one calling himself “Doug LeComtc"
' (French for “the Count.") In his attempt
- to mimic the anti-human, crypto-clever
- nonvstylc of a man whose father dealt oil
to the Nazis (William Buckley),
"LeComte" leveled his critical pea
shooter at the events surrounding the
Campus Coalition's attempt to secure
funds for the aid of Bach Mai hospital
and the Attica defesne committee. It will
be remembered that after promising
funds to the C alition, the studcn
bureau r t then took these funds
and misappropriated them as part of the
money to pay the Allman Brothers for
their recent concert here.

In a pathetic and at times grotesquely
boring attempt to ‘poke fun‘ at the
mutilated iictims of American policies at
.3 home and abroad, (he (him! this
syphylitic pretender to nobility has
’ assessed the situation thusly, purir-tuating
 his interpretation with a stunningly mr-dr»
:; ocro wit:

‘ a. the new left wants funds for thi-ir
commie Cﬂuﬁlfh'.

b. thr- dumb masses of student). Witlll
funds for their mindless rock music.

c, ralhr-r than fight amongst i-ach othi-r,
ihr-y should recognize LIH'IT mutual Iilt'lt
of ('Ir’tbb.

 

d. thrry should collaboratv on a ror'k
I lcsiival wrlh ii (‘Umllllt‘ message An
examplc of the music might bi' nut‘li
laugliriblc compositions as, "1 hell my
hoart at Wourirlr-d Knr-r- "

IIa,Ila, Ila! Ilt‘l'ilt‘l' hr‘r- liriw-Iiiiw' Ila!
Yuk! Giggle, giggli-

Brilliant!

Take a bow'

I,e('Airriti-, old chap, you’ve dom- ll.
‘ituillll. What it pair of shoulders yoii'vv got
on your head.

Brilliant juxtaposition! Ilow nimble ii
mind to see that what it's all about is the
misplaced antagonism between “Mickey
Mouse Marxists" rind rock 'n roll. Once
again, in this your latest intellectual
dropping, you’ve betrayed all the
Imagination of ii stove and the sensitivity
of a sloth.

 

PAGE TWELVE

One only hopes that the student body’s
minds have not been so dulled by rock
music that they can still a preciate the
half-witted Hitlerism and tlie gregarious
inquisitiona] humor with which you com-
bat “Mickey Mouse Marxism” One only
hopes that the students are clever enough
to understand that the massacres which
have punctuated American history

(Wounded Knee, Vietnam, Attica, to
name a few) are but the “various idiosyn-
cracies" spun in the brains of the “three
demented acid-heads” who make up the
Coalition. One only hopes that sounds
and sights of the massacred can still evoke
a chuckle.

One only hopes that your readers
haven't lost their sense of humor. In
anticipation we await your next gem.
Reading your article was truly an experi-

ence, comparable only to stepping in shit. _

The Campus Coalition

rrr

Poor Marx

To the Editor:

On Tuesday night, April 3, I presented :2'

my case for tenure before the Council on
Promotions and Continuing Appoint-
ments. I summarized my credentials for
15 minutes, and then responded to ques-
tions, most of which were related to the
“divisive force" charge: was I divisive,
was the department divided, why did so
many in the department vote against me?
Am I dogmatic in the classroom? I
responded to these questions as carefully
and fully as 1 could, pointing out that my
teaching is question-centered and this
implies openness rather than dogmatism.

There were also a few questions about
Marxist literary criticismuat most, a third
of the questions asked. How is Marxist
literary criticism different from other
criticism, why is it difficult to become
trained in it, who are the emerging
American Murxrst critics? I considered
these questions reasonable, and again I
responded to them as fully as I could,

consistent with the general expectation in _

the Council that presentations and

answers should be brief. Who, then, are: V
the emerging Marxist critics in France and; 1
Germany, and in the Spanish language‘IE

(Not Sartre or Lukacsv-thc IIl’W people.)
Offhand l couldn't think of any, and I
said so; the question seemed unimportant
anyway, since I was simultaneously, and
ominously, being pressed about divisive-

ncss. (The opening “question” was: “I’m' '
not going to ask you a hostile question :
because you’re in enough trouble al-

rcady. ")

I certainly was in trouble-but not, II.‘
scams, about divischm-s. I'm told that the '1

issue that tipped the balance wa
“scholarship"--namcly, thosc fcw qucs

tions about Marxism. On the basis of'
nothing .
about Marxism overlurrii-d the judgment .
of several oulsidc evaluators and decided .

them alone, people who knew

that I'm not a good r-nougli Marxist to
stay here.
'l'hcy'rc right. I'm not ri good enough

Marxrst~if l were 2i good i-nough Miirxrst I V
would liiivr- acted br-l‘riri- now to uni Lhr' :::
rule of ideologially biased, middle-aged 
white men at this university. But maybe 3

it‘s nirl loo litLI‘ to begin tbv action.

Curt Smith 5:

. c r

So Thai Explains It

To the Editor.

In lll!’ April b imiiv of tho AHI', lhviz
i-oluriiri ';\iirillii-r I‘liri le‘ilkh” was (Iv-I:
voicd in .i lr-Iii-r Wi‘llll‘ll by Wriyni- llnlpr'r 
"ill-.iling wrili llll’ girls and AMIA.” In Illb‘ 

Ii-iu-r, Mr. IIillllt'f' act out to clarify the
AMIA's [lunlllull illld poln'y on an lbhlll'

wlin-li “ ..l.ll(‘ girls have liloer way out ol"

proportion...’
It was strange sci-ing an criliri- column
iii thi- AHI' flt‘VilLt‘lI to an issue which was
totally unfamiliar. After consulting brick
Ihsul-h of the ASI’, I still was in the dark as
to why and how this issue was a problem.
A few quick telephone calls promptly
made me see the light. In reality Mr.
Ilalper was responding to ii letter to the
mlitor written by Ms. 'I‘srry Welriblatt.
Iler hitter was to have appeared in this.
uriiilrruud on next mac

 

 

Cod for the Cads

by Mike McGuire

(Washington, April 5) - Investigators here,
stymied in attempts to find godless Com-
munism behind the national meat boy-
cott, are now focusing their efforts on
another, older, group of international
subversionists.

The Roman Catholic Church, with its
headqnarters in The Vatican district of
that ancient city, has long been using its
vast army of agents and dupes to boycott
meat on Fridays, say investigators for the
House Internal Sopority Society (HISS).
According to HISS, the Church suggested
that the “faithful” eat fish instead. This
subsititue is believed to be inspired by the
close ties the group’s founder had with
the ﬁshing industry.

Several years ago, the Church abandon-
cd its Friday boycott law. While many
obserVers thought that the Church was
giving up on its efforts to collapse the
American economy, it is now clear that it
was only preparing for more ambitious
schemes.

Even as this column is being written,
over one million agents and six hundred
million (that's right ‘ 600,000,000) dupes
are feverishly preparing for a showdown
with the forces of decency in this
country. The “Six Hundred And One
Million" are ruled by a Big Father, or
Pontiff, who is assumed to be infallible.
His orders ﬁlter down through cells, or
dioceses, in most susceptible areas of the
Western world.

In Rome, close lieutenants of Pope Paul
(as they call Big Father there) lottily
denied the charges. “They've been saying
the Pope’s taking over the U.S. ever since
they laid the Transatlantic Cable,” said
Father John DeLord with a twinkle in his
eye.

/

Biblical scholars in China and elsewhere
point out that the Book of Timothy
prophesies a meat boycott led by an
Anti-Christ (Evil One). It is also predicted
that many millions of innocent people
will follow the Antichrist without realiz-
ing his evil intentions.

Meanwhile, back in the States, staff
members of HISS say that they don't
know who the “Antichrist” is, or if he
even exists, but they do know that he is a
liberal.

The charges of conspiracy have drawn
varied reactions around the country. The
Youthful Interantionist Party's anti-
Ieaders expressed disappointment that
they weren’t included in a major new
conspiracy. The Vice—President of the
United States hadn’t heard of it yet. A
Save Every Chicken Society spokesman
expressed cautious elation, while emphas-
izing that in keeping with their principals,
SECS members will only boycott meat
that is fowl. The Right to Meet Commit-
tee said that, while it supports surrepti-
tiousness in general, “this is one hell of a
cause to plot about."

Former Presidential candidate John
Schlitz seemed sure that there was a plot,
although he wasn’t sure which inter-
national conspiracy was involved. A 1968
candidate, Governor George Malice, sup-
ports the boycott to show up “all those
pointy-headed Eastern liberals on ranches
in Texas.”

In Washington, howevar, President
Nixxon continued his strangely evasive
silence on whether he is helping bug up
our nation's meat supply. “I know noth-
ing, I know nothing," he kept telling
reporters.

Strangely, they believed him.

Why the Liberals Were Defeated

by Al Thompson

The liberal politics and sentiments that
swept America duringthc ’60'5 have van-
ishcd. ’l‘oday ii moderate, “pleasing”
Middle American Administration has but
silenced the voice and influence of the
liberal. 'I‘hc libcrril media and liberal
politics haVc come uridcr heavy attacks
for its promotion of liberalism and per-
missrvr-ncss. 'I'hir hugc defeat of Senator
George McGchrn in thr- past Presidential
Election was a defeat of liberalism. This
could bi‘ laid lo the fact that whitc
Middle Aml‘l’lCii in general rejected the
liliriral idi-rilogir's of Mt‘fiuvt'rll that
rickr-d any rcalism.

()rii~ of the rr-asons why the llllt‘rill
image is losing its ground is Iii-causi-
lilii-rals in Anicrn'a llt'Vi‘I’ had it l'l'ill
program of gi-iiuirir‘ solutions to solvc tlw
problems ol ilir- miisst-s. It is l‘l‘rtzllllly not
my poiril to irriply that lhi- modi-rritc
i'orisr‘rvaiivr-s hich .iriy l‘l‘ill hulullllllo to
thi- ills of LIllh land, but libi-riil legislation
and morn-v hasn't _VI‘L touched the root of
this l‘Illll'l‘l’ in America. The lilii-riil
iboiigbt .ind iilllllllll' that by pacifying
"givr'r-m cake," Urllilll (Removal) Ito
ncwal, busing students in suburbia, build
ing hundreds of basketball courts and
pools in “1" glicttos, the institutioriizud
rriscism and poverty would disappear
overnight into some white satin, was
certainly ii total failure. Ily giving token
jobs to blacks and minorities and thus
producing ii feeling of “Great Expectat-
ion" among the natives of the so-cullcd
advancement of fellow minority Cult!-

“ H . and brities, the white lilicriil hiis breiin ii great

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

obstacle in the paths of minority groups
struggling to set into socioeconomic
structure of Amr-riczin lifc. 'I'hosr- libi‘ral
programs supposedly designed to provrdc
skills and meaningful currer-r jobs h.ch
achir-vcd no ovvrall success cxci-pl .i vast
waste of manpower and "1011031.

'l'hc whitc liberal in America has not
granted the minoriLn-s in Alllt’l‘ll‘ii
Freedom with Dignity, but rather ll
limiti-d equality which is the same rnscist,
imperialist connotation that for min-
oritics in America to :n'bii-vc anylbing
notable bcsidcs bi'irig iIII itLIlIl'Il‘, a singi-r,
or ri (lﬂlK't‘l', Illl'y hiin to comi- up to flu»
whiti‘ Illll‘rill oi (‘llllztlllV 'l‘lii- llllllllll‘r oin-
proliIr-iii iii Alnr’rir‘n is not lizili‘lih rir
Nixon, bill Lhc miwa up libr-riil who
i'nri'l iiirilii- up his mind :ilioiii what he
nlniilln for and why. 'I'lir-si‘ .illel‘lll'h may
IM' l‘ullht‘il by llll‘ I'm-l lllill lir- dim. llUl
lirch, iii r1‘illll)',.lllyl't‘VUlllIliIllhlll lizillli‘s
to light so lll' Illi‘h Ill gr! Illlii Mr'iyliiirly
I'Iht'h' slurggli‘n lirill'liaili-illy. Liberal.»
like lrilkirig .iliout llll‘ Illjllhlll'l'h (Illllt‘
blocks by MH’II‘I)’, ihr‘ III‘lW giiiirl vr-lrii-d
by Nixon, llii- riiscisrii in thr~ Soiilli, rind
Lhc form-d school integration i‘ri'rili-rl by
IIH‘ busing siliiaiion, liiil wlicii blocks by
to find lll'f'l‘lll housing hi- lllllhl br- :i l)r
Jones or Itcvcri-iid Ilull’lL'h' to gi'l iiito IIII'
neighborhood. 'l'liu “Forest Illllh I‘llll'l‘ill”
who adored the Itev. Martin Luther King.
who once wcnl. on Freedom Itidcs lIIHI
gavu money to thc N.A.A.C.I'., reacted
violently wlirin ii proposcd lower middle
class compch was to be built in their
neighborhood. Yet these same liberals call

continued on iiuxl riauu

'I‘UESDAY,APRIL 10, I975

 

 

 

Explanation

continued from proceeding page
same issue as Mr. Halper’s letter but due
in unethical practices by the ASP, not
only did her letter not appear, but a
response to her unprinted letter did ap-
ear, The ethics behind making a letter to
the editor available to the party at which
it is directed remain questionable at best.
Allowing a response to appear before
printing Ms. Weisblatt‘s letter was totally
irresponsible.

Turning my attention to Mr. Hulper's
letter itself. I feel it is important to make
clear ii few basic facts. The AMIA Council
voted 8-01 to allow the girl‘s team in
question, the Jockettes, to play. Mr.
Halper was the long abstentor.

Mr. Halper made many allegations
about the Jockettes ability to compete in
League I Softball. This is a point that I
see as totally irrelevant. I have never
heard of any team ever being questioned
as to their ability to make the grade in
any league, but then again, another teams
are male. Is that the real problem Mr,
Halper, are you afraid of having your
male ego punctured by females armed
with bats and gloves? For what its worth,
Mr. Halper, the Jockcttes have won their
first game. I hope you don‘t feel cas-
traied.

The main issue then is this: AMIA has
set up the league system so that partici‘
prints of similar ability can compete on
the same level. Who is to be the judge of It
team's or individual's ability‘.’ In ilii- [lllnl
the individual or team made ihc dorrsioii
rind AMIA never questioned it. All of It
sudden a female team, the Jockettcs,
came on the scene and their abilities
became suspect. It is to AMIA’s credit
that eight members of the Council were
unbiased enough to make an equitable
decision. It is to their detriment, how
ever, to have people like Mr. Halper, who
still feel a need to display Illi’ll‘
machismo, on the AMIA Council.

Seth Ugelow
Commuter Representative
Central Councn

Edliorlai Note: We liavt: been ‘iiirnmiuo
lhat M5. Welsblaii requested that ill?! Icllcr
be withdrawn Immediately before imnom
Hon.

0 o v

 

 

by Nicholas 8. Ar ros

I am compelle 0 comment on some of
the issues of faculty tenure and promo-
tion raised by "news" articles and colv
umns which have appeared recently in the
ASP. As a former student member of this
univursity’s Council on Promotion and
Continuing Appointment, I feel qualified
to add these comments to the continuing
fray and fracas.

The "problem" of fthUlLy tenure and
promotion is endemic to the university
structure which now exists as a product
of centuries of evolution. Even the pres-
tigious Princeton Institute of Advanced
Studies is not immune to the problem, as
evidenced by ii recent widely publicized
Controversy. Although committees of var-
ious sorts exist at many universities to
examine the traditions of tenure and
promotion, it seems evident that no
widely adopted alternatives have been
found acceptable at this time.

Tenure and promotion considerations
remain grounded in the “publish:
or-perish" game of acadcme.

I am of the opinion that a relatively just
and democratic strueturc exists at this
university to operate on cases of faculty
tenure and promotion. However, one
sl‘rlolls grip in thi; structure is egregioust
I'Vlfll‘lll. This gap makes the process less
just and representative, and seems to be
l‘iindzimi-ntal to the student, and some-
limi-s faculty, L‘ODSLI‘I'HIILIUI‘I expressed
pruvrously on those very pages.

'l‘hi- gap 1 rr-fL-r in is the lotal absence of
(‘ohcrcni rind cohesch input of student
opinion to the tcnuri- and promotion
considerations.

Marches and demonstrations having
I)(‘t'll givr-n up as ineffectual (justifiably
.o), all that remains as a forum for
ipiiiion ill‘l' lhcsr‘ pages. Although the
ASP may wish to credit itself with having
lll‘t‘ll I-ffi'ctivc in cr-rtriin cases, this forum
can best bi- consideer as therapeutic
ill'll'r'llll‘lzlt'l expressions about the in-
justices of tho “machinery”.

IA‘nl wr- br- ovr-rcomc with the discstab-
lishmr-ntzirizin cynicism that abounds,
Micro is a partial solution available that
may i'i-(‘til'v some of the ills of the
sysli-m.

'I'lic input of sLudi-iil opinion mlrsl I)t‘

—¥_—d¥§—CnlumnEver b0 ' A Tenure Solution

made consistent and reliable in order to
be Valid and effective.

The format for student opinion must be
established university-wide in the form of
a uniform, but brief questionnaire on
teaching effectiveness, to be administered
by students to students in every class, for
every faculty member in each semester of
every course. Although the magnitude of
the task seems formidable, other univer-
sities have adopted this procedure. A
standardized collection of student opin-
ion can be used not only in tenure-
promotion decisions, but also as feedback
to the faculty member on a continuing
basis.

Such a university-wide evaluation pro-
cedure had already undergone several
fledgling attempts here. All have suc-
cumbed to apathy. The effort must be
renewed.

Critics of such a procedure will point
out the following problems.

Question: Who will devise and admini
stcr the questionnaire?

Answer: Student government could
establish (yet another) committee to
appoint a team composed in part of
sociology, psychology, and/or educav
tional psychology students with appro-
priate graduate student or faCulty ud-
visors backed with whatever funding may
be necessary.

Qrici‘rimr.‘ What about such courses as
physical education which are not amen-
able to such evaluation?

Anchr.‘ Depending on the nature of
the questionnaire, some exceptions may
be required.

Qirt‘slion.‘ What about those depart
ments which already have teaching or
course evaluation questionnaries uniquely
devised for the characteristics of the
subject matter?

.rirn'wcr: These may be either incorpor
rited into the university-wide survey or
retained as a supplement for the particu-
lar department.

Question: Lsn't student opinion only a
Charade, a popularity poll?

Arichrf Only if the student respon-
dents View it as such.

v r .

 

 

Liberals Only
continued (rom proceeding pm
their brothers down South “rascists.” In
playing this double standard game, the
white liberal as long as he is not affected
by crimes, muggings, robberies, and rapes,
is 100% pro-minority, but when faced
with such crime and violence, the liberal
becomes a raging reactionary.

Some white liberals think that with
their so-called hipness and coolness, they
can imitate black singing, dancing, and
wearing buggies, but they fail lonote that
this cultural rip-off is only a small frag-
ment of the struggle and that blackness is
a state of mind, not a product that can be
bought on the market. These misguided
liberals seek the mystique of soulness, but
they want to use it for their own gain.
They don't. respect or look at the graces,
such as art form, or expression, but rather
some animalism, (“look at him move“).
They have no mind, just the body.

This type of admiration is a sick racism
that sees no intellect, no mind, no art---
just animal, physical passions. The sub-
conscious thinking in this case rests on
the premise that the liberal has to debase
himself to experience his own body. The
Liberal does not actually feel the natural
flow of the person he is badly trying to
imitate.

The liberal in America must come to
grips with reality. The liberalism he has
espoused is becoming rhetorical and ob-
solete. Middle America has proven it can
tolerate minority goals and aspirations.
but is increasingly turning off to the
liberal. Liberals are fast becoming a new
minority, since the vast majority of Am-
Ericans are middle-of-the-roaders. Many
liberals feel they have been betrayed by
minorities who no longer aCCEpt their
money, advice, or leadership, but the
liberal must see the fact that the day of
the big white Father image is OVer. Blacks
and minorities are very sincere in their
goals and are looking for realistic solut-
ions. This is not to close the liberal out of
the picture, but to test his sincerity and
to weed out those that would sell black
and minority aspirations down the river
for their own personal gain. The white
liberal’s prostitution of blacks and minor-
ities and its rip-off of the culture must
cciisc. Only then will the liberal be
trusted and respected.

v r

 

President and VI’ - Stir
dent Assn.

In order to appear on
the ballot, you must file a
petition of 100 signaturcs
of undergraduate students
no later than April 27 ztf
5 piii in the S.A office.

 

Alumni Board (see note below)

FORMS DUE BACK BY
FRIDAY, APRIL 27 at 5 PM

Central (ioiinril A Uni
vcrsily Scrialc

Sclfriioininaiioii
iirc :ivailiililc Ill (3(3 .546.
You must run from the
living area you will be
staying in during 1973-74.

forms

NOMINATIONS OPEN MONDAY FOR:

President 8. Vice-President of Student Association (see note below)

Undergraduate student seats on University Senate, Central Council
(see note below)

Class Officers (1974 and 1975) (see note below)

ALL FORMS ALL FORMS AVAILABLE IN S.A. OFFICE - CC 346

ELECTIONS HELD
MAY 2, 3, and 4

Candidates for Class
Officer. Classes of 1974
and 1975 must Iiavc paid
class does. Self-nomination
forms available in S.A. of-

ficc.

M I

Membership on the
Alumni Board representing
the Class of 1973 open
only to members of the
Class of 1973 who have
paid class dues.

lundud by student tax

 

___________——————————————-

 

TUESDAY, APRIL 10, I973

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE THIRTEEN

 

