   

 

. . \
 - ~ ' 1 fan This Weeke d ‘ ‘
 Synchronize Swarm Presen a .I § - n PYE c 1,- o
r » -  4 .  r ' on IIIUGS 0 ress or "19 US
A? by Judy Daymonr The themes from your favorite ricia and Michelle 3089's) '5 ‘ ' ‘
 In the mood for some alternate nursery rhymes, fairy tales, and kidﬂttPPCd by ﬁve daring Y°“"$ vi by David Lerner
’1 entertainment this weekend? legends are set to musiC.and the the" tD-tVe Ame", Do" F'amom' Donald Lynch, in an amazing Albany State itself is built on
 weth You're in '11th because Stories it“? interpreted through Tony Freeman’ Ric Gélb‘ and example of economic foresight, land of the Pine Bush with its
 merriment and enchantmenl will Oﬂ-deCk Choreography itlld Amie Seltzer) The fun '5 taken hits recently 50” approximately SeogtﬂPhtt’ bOtthdattcs tying he-
 come to life as the s,u_N,Y,A, synchronized swimming and. from there by the test or the 250 acres of the fast-dwindling twee" Routes 20 (Western Ave.
& ‘ sym‘htontZEd Sth Chtb Pte- Stunts- The teSttttS or months or CttSt. Graduate Stttttcnts t“ the . Pine Bush area for an estimated nue), S (Central Avenue), 146 to
 gents its third annual Show . hard work and practice on the club are 10h" Shelf)’ and M3” two-million dollars. Back in the the west and Fuller Road on the
" uMmher Goose is Loose," Show part of these twenty-six people 'Gaillard (Assistant Coach). Sen- fifties. Lynch, a former Demo- east. Therein lies the remaining
time is 3:00 pm. tonight and is a show that is not only beauti- iors include Jackie Lch, M98 cratic Party Ircadquartersmanag- difﬁculty with development of
Saturday aiid on Sunday it is fttt ﬂhd hthtttOUS, hut "150 ﬂmﬂl- Hithﬂe. and Peggy Dttlhetm- Ctr wtmty Clerk. itttd Ill-law 0f the area. Debris and garbage in-
3:30 pm. at the physical Ed; ing to watch. Not an exhibition Denny Godberg, Bev Schmidt. Democratic boss Dari O'Connell variably follow the path of prog-
ucatiori Building Pool. Admiss- iUSt forettttdteh. "Mothe'GOOSe tlhtt She AShtcy 37° Junk)” I" htthtthl the tilttd “hth‘t the “lime rcss and already sightings of/
ion is free. is Loose" will be appreciated by the class of '75 are Sylvia Case, of the ('olwash Corporation for trash dttrups spot the remaining
all who value form, grace, tech- Pam Quinn, Holly Sherman,and a little ovcr 1'7, of his final re- pure land not yet ruined by dc-
nique, and coordination in the Sue Rowley. Freshmen members ltlllt. valupnwm, The probiemsor poi.
water. are Pam Burris, Paula Norton, The new owners of the land, _ ltitiori are far too complex to be
Mother Goose will be there. Sharon O‘Connor, Molly the Mid-Atlantic [and (‘orpora- brieﬂy discussed here, but con-
along with the comedy routine Schmid, Leeann Avcllino, Karen lion. was formed last June. a tinqu development of the type
of “Three Men in a Tub," the Abcle, Latira Rais and Joanne month before they bought the Iaycd out by the Carlton Corpm.
‘ pugcnuy of “Queen of Hearts" 'rmhold, Narration will be by land from Lynch. The corpoi‘a- and more tax revenue for the terms of the Bond Act “must be volvcd iii the joint effort to con- ation certainly won't alleviate
and the mischievous escapades Judy Dayrrront, Manager. Mrs.  tiori is riiadc up of “just names. town. recoirtrncndcd to the (inventor Vincc the State to help take tip the problem.
of “The Three Blind Mice." Patricia Rogers is Faculty Ad- . ‘.  5. that wouldn't mean much," The Pine litrin originally cnrr- and the Legislature hy the the burden, The City of Albany has aSked
Journey Willi Peter Pan to Visor and Coach. ~ ' a. « - ». ‘u . cw, . though local and non-local pco- sistcd of 10.000 acres of eco- Trust.“ Decision on the Pine In a huge report detailing bio- Carlton to preserve 250 feet on
.chcrNCVcr Land: we a mud”. This ycur has been a particular- mont.ln October, the Club host- New Hampshire on Mat hint], pic are involved. This continent logically trniqtic land left over [lush problem is hoped to be logicer aspects of the area that either side of the Kaikout
ion of “The Ugly Duckling" and ly bitsy one for “Synch.” The ed the Association of Synchro- and 17th, “(ipcs \\'lii tr  Wits "tilde by Dthd Bette)! 111 it“ fiorii the extinct lake Albany. reached at this month‘s rneetiitg normally go unnoticed. as well Stream, a waterway heavily in-
vicw the breath-taking romantic- hiin poiiit was wninnig, for thc iii/.cd Swimming for Colleges the participating lllt'lltitr r, ltttctVleW With the Washtttgtotl itself a result ofextensivc glacial of the State Nature and Historic as comprehensively explaining habitcd by trout, whose head-
ism of “A Midsummer's Night third consecutive time. the East- and Universities' annual conferv early from vacation ' 1 Park Spirit this past December. action iii this area thousands of Preserve Trust, Commissioner the exact nature of the inches waters lie on the designated
Dream," ern litter-collegiate Synchronized ciicc. their duets, trios. ttllr v w Mt- BCTtC)’. along thh Samuel Wilts ago. What Was 10ft W415 tttt Diamond says that discussion of and ecu-systems that make the property,
As the show opens. Mother SWtht Ctlttt't‘tcnce Stunt Com- The season culminated with a group membch Berley, are officers on the Carl‘ area of sand dunes rarely found _ the Pine Bush at the meeting is Bush area unique, the group rec- Then there always remain the
Goose (Maureen Melling), while petition (IEISSC), held in Nov- trip to IilSSCU Routine Com- Synchronized Sun - ton Construction Company, it away from an existing body of "probable." omrnetltled that “all undevel- problems of bureaucratic inef-
‘.~ tellittg stories to children (l’at- ember at the University of Ver- petition at the University of funded by student l.iv land development firm With a water. From this sand/hind grew in an attempt to make the oped land Within the area be l'icicncies,in this case concerning
slawsky long delayed plan for a series of thc abundantly found pine trees odds more reassuring, a coalition considered for acquisition by the who or which agency will deal
0 . . I I town houses to be developed iir prcscut allover New York. of concerned citizens has formed State of New York as a unique With the acqutred land once the
Ch          h I  I  thttt tltCitt Thu BUSh has been the Object to press home their point. Hcad- arca pit-serve," The comment State btiys it, According to Mr.
_ Under increasing public pres- of extensive studies by ciiviroii- ed by Albany State's l’YE Club, was pair of a letter sent to l)ia- Diamond, “Neither my depart-
by Paul Stewart tine (‘cntcr lijvc lust linduy‘ ship. As one of lhrity such lcc- gtt’Udet’tk ft” the answer hc “’dtng thi't tt’ttt‘t’tttttt sure from conservation groups in mental specialists checking on the Albany League of Women mond along With the study coir inciit nor the State Office of
"Where do on; ugh” wmc Fcbmury lwcmyatmd The tcc. [UfoS he travels around North planned to present. He observed “t5 “hilt illtﬁWt't I“ It r- -t and around the Capital District, the claims of its heinga "unique Volcts. the Albany Taxpayers ducted by architecture students l’aiksaird Recreation is really set
from." was the question asked lure bcgair at |2.|5 PM and Auterica and Europe speaking to htSt tth tt W33 OthOUS CV90“ to” [hula-t)” Wt” tilt" ‘h ll the Clty hits hue" hsktt‘tl t‘i'tttt‘” “WWStt‘th” and "t'ttV't‘mmCh' ASSUClitth'tL iltld thL‘ littstt'ltt at R.P.l. containing documents tip to administer small areas,"
by Mi. James Spencer, (25.8, more than a hundred people audiences for the purposes of Where that people really did not Come front the Ditlllt l’ tor a detailed plan which they tally rare" Their findings coii- Chapter of thr- Stnrc Nature “timing to lhcunlqllc innincot' I'lc had hoped that the localities
tt'hrist Science Bacheloitin Lac. were in attendance. cx plaining the Christ Scientist seem to have rights. This isn't, 0t (it’d. Iiiipc will guarantee opcti space firmed these claims and rccorrr~ Conservancy, the group. called llic Pine Barrens, The letter was would exercise their options.
M Mr. Spencer is a teacher and faith to the general public. hL‘ Said. ht'CﬂUSC they don't him A Question and .m  m the development mendations toi its preservation “People for the Pine hush," have in response to the one incri- since they‘d handle it more efft
  pmcmjmw. “t [tn-(11ml sac”. After Spencer posed the init- them, but rather because they t'UlIUWt-‘d lhc L‘x [ltt\|lltrl It All this merely tsan indication have been sent to the Depart- been putting relentless pressure ironed .ith sent by Diamond cicntly, which is something they
I  \I , nsi faith, and a member of the rat question concerning our aren't recognizing and using Spencer alluded to hi~.lrr« of what lhc direction that the merit of l;nvironmcrital (‘oiiscr- on (‘oiriirrissioncr Diamond .rird In Mr Kclcslnair stating his in- obviously won‘t do.
, . a  h h (‘tm'st scientist hoard orig-cu”. rights, ltc proceeded to lay the llicrii. ll: summarized that part tenet with his trirtlr fullllL' of the Pine Barrens has vation iii Albany. Henry 1.. Dia- State litlticatton ('ornirrissioirci tt-nr roacl on the situation. Mcanwhrlc. the l’Yl: (‘Iuh is
' 1 Another issue that at

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

    

    

 

‘II

.C. Cafeteria

-(r-U- ‘ 1..”-

9-0-0.1).0-0

KOSHER
DELI-DINNER

Randye Kaye - folksinger
Sunday-March 4 7 pm.

$.50-JSC*<$1.50-non-JS(E}

_(_().().0-0-(

of his ex position by the point,
“You live it, you gain it." That
is. by living out the rights you
are supposed to have you actual-
ly gain those rights.

A second part ofhis cx position

.was that, “livery human right is

a divine right," which is derived

from man's nattiic. lk: claimed
that man's iialuic is a reflection

of the image of God, and that
any limitation we place on oiii

rights is frtiiii our ignorance rcg-

   

     

       

was the concept ol tit-.rr'
proved
Spencer did not iimr

cept in depth, the t h

ist manual .S'r't't'mr n.
treats it bluntly as ,t
the lie of
Spcncci said it tsuiu rt

iiitcrcsiiri: \\“

ltlt' ill

The manual .iilil
uMattci has no lt'.|i ,‘
has no real t'\l\|.llt
Sctcncc and Health | 1.

     

 

 

 

 

takcir. With value up to $|_l,Ut)tl
pct acre. ccoiiontlc urthci tlrair
lrrrvc

cnvnoitliicnlal titlcrcsts

taken priority with tlrc I’inc
liiish'x flllllIL' placcd in serious
doubt. The iiiatoi ohstziclc that
till" l’inc Bush. a _‘.tlt)tl :lt'lt‘
spit-ad circornprrssunt parts ot Al-
bany. (illlitlL'lliltlti and (‘olonrt-
faces. is lhc chr-irrcrt-asiiig dc»
\llL‘ on the pint ol lhc two
\llliliit'l towns to rirticasc llIL'll

tat rchnuc brist- ('oloinc is
slicssnig uppci iirtoinc icsidcu~
Ital tiL'VL‘illlllllL'lll\, such .is those

plaitnt-tl It) t'.rr|ton_ alrih' (illli-

inond_ (‘onirnissiouei‘ of the De-
paitrncirt. said in a letter to
(icorgc Kclcsltian. President of
illNYA‘s Protect Your lznvnoii-
irrcirl ('lub ll’Ylit, that should a
local effort on the part of A|~
lraitytitiildciland fail to save a
significant part of the Pine llush
lot preservation. he would icc»
ornirtcirtl that the Strrtc Nalriic
and Historic l’tcscivc litist. a
htlllwttlllllllllt‘t' of tlrc Depart
lllt‘lll, consider buying a portion
ot lhc art-a “uridcr lhc unique
area allocation of lilt\’llt)t|lllL’l||i|i
()uahty lioirtl lunds "

Nyquist. another of the tour
men on the chic ’l’itist.

Willi thc
plclcly dead, lull attention now

local efforts corti-
focuses on the State and ollici
indivrtlual efforts. ()iie ol thcsc
is by tltc lzaslc'in ( haplci of lhc
Nalttic ('oiiscivaucy to uirrlatci
ally buy ltltl acit-s hour a private
land owner of a portion ot lhc
land now straddling the border
ol't'olorric rind (illiitlt‘liillltl
Rudy l'clcrsoii. lrcrrd ot tlic
('orrscrvancy's l’rnc llrrsh ('oirl~
irnllcc. rr-porls that ncgotlrrttoits
wrllr llrc thllt'l has :iht'atly lrist

 

 

The money specitrcd III the lan-
viioiriircrital Quality Bond Act is
Silt) rirtllion of the H billion
dollar lurid sct astdc exclusively
for purchase of unique area pic-
scrvritioii. About half of that is
already designated for a wet
lands project in thc lltitlsoir Val-
lcy~l.oirg Island/New York (‘tly
program, according to a source
Ill thc State Office ol Planning
Scrvncs

 
         
        

 

continuing to piess for all they
can get and their hopes lie wttlr
lleiiry Diamond and his Trust.

*li'tIi/nr'x Iltllt’ l’)’l:' Club,
for the first liIIIL' iii .‘l/[RlHJ‘ Iris-
Iory, Imx .i'iii'cvetlerl in making
l/lt‘ (‘urlrim ('oiislriicri’mr (rm

[)ul'tllioll hold a public mac/ins
Io rcrti'i'w llici'r plans for the n’c-
rrt'lopnicril. The meeting is on
A'Itlft'll 7, (II 3:01) in the Cin
Ila/l.

 
 

  

  

      
  
 
    
   
  

    

  
 
 

 

 

 

  

 

 

tit'liJllti |\ trtirrp to lllil‘ |.iigc iii Atcoldiug to ("oiiiitrissioiici t-tl chcirtl Illtlllli|\i1||l irc ts tori Ge  
tlt|\||\ on to tip s lr' w tlr the Diamond. any land under t'oii- illlt'lll that sctllcircril tv II In» .
I [iirtt'ltlldi lot .i illlt.|tll tot» iriarltct \lllt'l.il|lrl| tilt ztciittlsitioii ortch It'dt lIL'ti Mr I'i-It-rshn I‘t .illw tit  I ' ”
i
I A, L UllllJlt)t)ltJl01EiLiliJl'JIClElli)LllDUlLllJlDDlUt'tlDt.)lt)tlltJUllllllULJltlI Ill rt riot llt n tit tt'lt itiltltrltaulorilrrulutiluotrrtttt‘nit”!)tt'tt that lit" tlt’ _ 
l l/,' r  I ' C ‘ . ;
to More a RECORD 8. TAPE SPECIAL l i   sanenewr
I t Z 
 E i H 5 Our 111"” Alimzzc ilylt' mm c. /(lll I/Jtl’ Jill/Ill; I
, ' I ,3 5 '0 iii cu ."l'iii I Drcsi' Ii. )l‘t'Il ri'i) )rimi,’
I g  I S  n  | ’ 6 6 9 9 ; ()jrziimu' Blillcr.’ I“ "I&
' l
. u iii 5 : so"! ‘
ascrigiamsiiiiVics‘ > z x ; ail/‘3':
 s 1.00 OFF w  ATED  
AI. N.Y, 7:00 : i - ‘L’ ‘95: (a!
SUNgé‘gvrégumzm : A R d O T . 2   B '5 I y,
M N Y  m V 3 ny ecor r ope in our Record Dept. .r .5 , . Mme We 7.x; ‘
A,'A'LB'ANY 750:", u U, H? directed by Ken Russell E LASAGNA . (LAMS . BEER
, t | i ,1 h ‘ ‘ _, ‘4 " ‘ 1 . >1 .
. 3mm"... ,mm, 5 CLIP THIS COUPON 8. SAVE! 5 g C r BURGLRS . .SPIbDIES 57 0,131 c.
Administration Circle | 5 0 s . V
- - . . ' - NI ’ht 8°00 PM 0n] L l 8 ~
lunfmcgztmdmvs 5 Good March 2,3,5 ONLY lell’ 2 per person E : Slln' t" ° y
across from check cashing : s E : r h e
,_ GOGREYHOUND l A’ W  W t L .75 with tax & ID 1.25 wit out
'7’ (5‘ “mm-WWW“.  &    &  l.tiltiult‘ililtrtiltJtiltJtJltiultlt‘lttnt:llt’it.Jlt:ltJltJtJlt.;rinltItrItJLJlthrlCJtcrlttutorrlorrrrrotorIrritattrtrtrtttlt'trrttttttttt‘tltttIlt'lt11E!t‘ttrtt‘llt'tfttt‘trlttIt“!tI wesmm Ave' 8‘ Fun” Rd-

 

 

 

 

 

” '12:; J M mg“ 2' my, ALBANY STUDENT PRESS "AGE FIVE

 

PACE FOUR
FRIDAY, M/\l<t'lr

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

