,.~ , ...,..u.n~t-_,,.a,na.:a"

l
3

 

.  hwww—«Ws. .

 
 

 

"As the masses of students who have
been inhabiting the underground tunnels
all winter long finally emerge back into
the podium, they will find a number of
serious issues awaiting them in the real
world.

is A case in point is an issue that seems to
EC: be a perennial favorite in the New York

    

"35.

State Legislature - tuition.

Each legislative session the tuition sit-
uation unleashes the type of thetoric that
would put even William Jennings Bryan
and Daniel Webster to shame. This year,
though, there is a new twist to the

4:5 controversy.
5% It may come as a surprise to those who

have seen the cost of tuition steadily rise
over the last couple of years.

Democratic Assembly Minority Leader

Stanley Steingut has proposed that
i tuition be abolished in the State Univer-
sity system. Democratic Assemblyman
Tom Brown, on the other hand. feels that
the state could not afford such an under-

 taking.

Mr. Brown, it should be remembered.
suggested during last year's session that,
tuition be hiked t0 SLOOO a year.

Considering the makeup of the legis-
lature plus the current unpopularity of
the University system. it is probably a bit
naive to think that tuition Will ever be
abolished. But even a reduction is a
possibility.

 Thus. this is the time to act.

 

 

Write Mr. Steingut and Mr. Brown a
letter expressing your sentiments about
the tuition matter. In the case of Assem-
blyman Brown, it is important to relate
personal efforts to meet tuition costs.

Mr. Brown is apparently unaware that
many studenta are holding down jobs
that often pay the minimum wage and are
doing everything they possibly can to pay
their way through college. He seems to
think that the majority of students are
freeloading at New York Universities.

with

Sidelines byway...

Various agencies of the United States
government are currently offering a
number of suggestions for fighting rising
food prices, particularly the high cost of
meat.

James McLaine. acting director of the
Cost of living Council, proposes tllat
Americans eat less. Another department
suggests that people eat more cheese.

Meanwhile. angry housewives have told
the officials what they should eat.

Also, Cartoonist Herbert Block has
cleared up the misunderstanding about
the administration's idea of meatless
days. A recent Block cartoon shows the
rcvtsed statement reading eatlcss days.

It's about time the Nixon adnunistra-
tion ended what has come
half-hearted attempts at humor and took

ilL'lttﬁs as

 

some serious action. The recent proposals
have seemed more like excerpts from the
Laugh-In program than statements from
responsible ofﬁcials.

One can just picture President Nixon
announcing to guests at a formal White
House dinner that the meal will not be
served in order to help the economy.

We can only hope that corrective
measures are attempted soon because
Americans may become interested in
fulfilling Thomas Jefferson's dream of “a
nation of farmers.”

 

Illlttlll

Dr. B. Rank Brown. a Chicago educator,
has come out with the theory that eight
grades of schooling are sufficient.

Dr. Brown claims that students sh0uld
be able to acquire a good, basic education
by the tiliie they finish eighth grade, at
age fourteen.

Although this reporter has just survived
a hectic week of tests and papers, he
wishes Mr. Brown had unveiled his pro-
poi‘al a few years earlier.

SlilELINE SHOTS - if you are hitching
up Washington or Western Avenues some
morning, be careful of what you have to
say to your prospective transporter. Food
Service Director Malcolm Corbiey often
picks up hitchcrs in order to hear their
sentiments about the quality of food on
campus.

Mr. Corbiey does not usually mention
who he ls. though.

0

 

Curt Smith Papers Reveal Tenure Workings

Curt Smith is an ling/tilt Pro/error who
is attempting to gain tcnttre here ttt
SUN YA. His cure Itui been, perhaps, the
most controversial so far this year. with
the possible exception of Psychology
Professor (.‘ttrol Waterman. Noted ﬁtrhii'
popularity among students and I! ti-m-ncr
of well-liked cottri'ci'. he has built up
considerable student .i'ttpport.

However, some administrators have
brought up questions concerning the im-
portance of .i'ciencc fiction-one of the
courses Smith teacher-and there is also
the fact that Smith is a Marxist.

Add to this the charges that Smith 'l
work is "trivia/"and that he ltlt'k.i' "soph-
istication "and the result is {I lull-ﬂedged
controversy, with students basically on
one ride ttnd administrators, with a few
exceptions. on the other.

In this f.i'.\'tlt' we are beginning our
presentation of some of the papers itn-
portttnt in the case. including let/ctr of
transmittal written by people for utid
against Smith. We begin the series today
with a piece written by Smith, himself, itt ‘
which he mti'weri' some of the charges
made against hint Reader response is
encouraged {Ll letters to the editor.

by Curt Smith

The publication of these letters begins
what l hope will be it full and extended
report to ASP readers on my tenure cane.

l can agree with Dean llunsbcrgcr on
one thing: The Stauffcr letter is devoid of
aubsthnce and of real analysis. Stauffcr
reports the poorly delineated opinions of
the faculty and of a few htudlllllh‘ to the
effect that I am dogmatic. Yet one of tilt?
questions on the Engliiih Department
teaching evaluation form; in “doi-il the
instructor make the studann feel free to
tmk (llll'hlltﬂlﬁ. disagree. iexprium llicir
ideas. etc '.'" ()vr-r thrcc winestcrs, til'li. ol
students riitctl ml! in the very top ('lllt'
gory. 5% In the second category. iillll
only It": in lllt!
comlnnild. This data was certainly avail
able to the faculty.

tttlii-r tlircc i‘alcgiirlci.

So I would suggest that llll' cliilrgvn of
dogmutttitn and intolerance llfl‘ rathi-r
ironic. Stnuffcr hinimllf refers to llltlhl' tlt
tlic department "who huVi- prltjlltlli‘l'h
against the study of M‘lt'llt'l.‘ fiction." and
hi: t'ltllttlti it) his "Official Recommend
atlitti" that pi-oplc iloii'l cvuu listen to mu
when l any reasonable thtngil. llowuvr-r,
Httiuffi-r tliwnn't givo- cvun our.- example of
the pattern ill or (ll'ncrlltltlu and upon
which his I» llilhlll“ hi» enllru recommend-
ation. In onc tihiirt piiriigrnplt lit! nwuopy.

PAGEEIGHT

aside my qualifications for "other Cutitiltl‘
Nations" of which ht! does not filcl
compelled to give the slightest explan-
ation.

The Hunsbcrger letter is. if punsiltlc.
even more superficial. llunsbcrgor claims
to be the only one capable of objectively
considering the substantive issues; but in
fact he casts aside all substantive ev-
idence. The English Dept. compiled sum-
mary evaluations for all fifty teachers
over three semesters on the excellent to
very poor scale. 1 rank at the Itopi of the
assistant professors and of the uutcnured
faculty. with only three above me (and
data for one of thenc three was available
for only one course in one semester). This
is "limited 'numerical data" to Hum;-
berger. If neither letters from students
our high scores on evaluation forms make
you an “exceptional” tcuchier, what docs?
A llunsbcrgcr memo contains, in l-luns-
bcrger'n words. “ii copy of a provocativo
and timer article on .S'tuclcn/ lz'vltlttutioni
{If 'I'L'ttt'lting which appeared in ii recent
issue of St'tt‘ttt't‘. ” This article alleges a
negative correlation between the amount
learned from an instruetor and the stud-
ents' evaluation of his teaching perfor-
mancc. So if my students thought. me a
poor teacher l would in fiict be an
exceptional teacher iind [could stay here.
llunitbcrger's committee found the out-
side evaluations of my scholarship “dif-
ficult to interpret," althou'gh both (from
what l hich been able to interpret and
from the impli 'ation of the latter itself)
wcri- favorable. It was llunnbcrgcr who
initiati-d and liltithttttl upon the outside
evaluation system. and it is here llullh
bcrgcr whii refuncn to iicccpt thc vcrtlicl
of itlllhllli' i-vnluationlnntoutl. Ilunnbcrgcr
llllhlth his i‘iirisluaiiuis about tny scholar
ship only upon it" uninformed and rather
nach cvnluiition of where [his iirliclcs
Wl'l't' priiiIi-d. untl not at iill upon llicir
content or worth. 'l'luit articles in local
journals art.- i-viilcncu not of ii tll‘hll‘t' lo
pnrtit-ipalc lit the intitlli-ctunl lili- ol thi-
community but of hl‘llllllll‘ly Wl'llhlll‘hn,
that (‘lll'yl‘ltilll‘lllll iirticloi. can't lie on
porllint. lillll'l' /'.'.\‘It'ttpolttttott n. lillltlllll‘ll .l
"Iii-wrilcltor" ll anything
worlhwlitlc "'l'hi- (Toniiinlti-c expronm-d ti
desire to know the nature of lllt' llowllng
(lrci-ii UniVi-rnlly I'opultir l'rctm." 'l'luv
risfcrciicu hurt.- lti not to anything 1 hich
done, but to a book ptililiilliod by my
oiitaidc ovnluiitor lt. Mulllllli that tho study
of popular culturi- lti itself uunptlct. and l
doubt lf my tilllnltlt' uvuliiiitor ill many
ways the leading academic critic of

can't contain

science fiction in the U.S.~- could receive
tenure here. Someone in the English
Department spoke of my “crtical
naivete." and someone on the Dean's
committee spoke of my lack of “sophisti-
cation.” I submit that the judgements
being made here of my scholarship hardly
provide a model of sophistication.

'l'o Staui'l'er I'm a divisch force. 'l‘o
l'lunsbergcr I'm a bludgcon to use against
the English Dtpartmcnt's alleged need of
“better publishing scholars." Only Dean
Schmidt has been willing to b c a rec-
ommendation upon my quail lllttllh‘.
Readers of the ASP will lilch to decidi-
whether 'lhis constituti-s a pattern of
prejudice or t)l)lltl~.t‘ni:to.. or both.

 
 

Ito/loliitttg is (I lcttcr of It " Will/til
written by l. lliorcr //tttt.\'lu't'i,tl't t I it
Ihc ('ollcgc o] .tlI‘/\' nntl Scull..- .oli
dcltltercil to thc l/tttrcrrtli (tilt/It‘ll on
Promotion and (‘otttitiutny .‘l/l/litltll
mcnt. Nttl‘i' official lcttcri will ttppcttr ttt
lit/tire f.\'.\’llt‘.\'.

Both the (Ihliirmiin, who rl-commi-nditil
against Lcnurc. and thc Anntlciittt‘ Dean.
who recommended in l'iiVor of tenure.
have spoken favorably about Dr. Smith's
teaching, which the t-vidi-nci! in this (low
sicr indicates to be very good Indci-il.
lliiWchr. thcri: is no (‘Vltll‘lll'(“ i~ithcr
quantitative or llllllllllllth"'l.lt indicate
that lllﬁ trenching iii exceptional. (From
limited numerical data submitted by the
students. the conclusion is drawn that. Dr.
Smith‘s rating no ii ti-iiclit-r (Ii/ll) plui'on
him in the top D'o of the department.
llowovcr. tlic some data show lllﬁ tilting
to he only M’i’n higher than the avr-riigie
rating (ildlnj for llll nunintiinl prot'imnors
Nurnbcr gamut. of thin kltiil, which at
tempt to lootiin .
small ipiiintiliitivc iltl'fcri-iii‘cii. nlluttltl not
be [)lllyl'tl )

Ni-ithi-i iln- (‘iinirniiin nor the I\:i.‘iiH‘liIll'
l)i-liti lll‘ll't‘l‘» ii pcni'trnltlig cvnlniitlon of
ltr Hilllllllti pulilitilicil l'l'lﬂ'illt'll. though
llii- lilrrni-r dot-ii pruncnl l)lllll llittill.l\tt‘ liilil
Iii-giilivt- ciilrlliii'iili. prcnltltililily llllltlt‘ l) v
llic faculty A look at llll' iocoril llltlli'itll'n
oiii- or possibly lWir published articli-l. o1
iinv niguillciincc No oni- can ('lltllll llial
llr Smith lilii. ptililialicil in coinplctvll a
niiigli- major work or a group of .iilicli-l.
which taken together could i'oiistitutc ii
ninjor iichiilurly work (5I-rtinnly it in
riliinunulili: to airport ll major work prior
to riiciiuunondlng tenuri- Ill. it llllth'I‘hlly
(luntur unlonn the candidate in it truly

- significance to

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

Attica vs. Allman

continued from preceding page
the Attic: convicts with drum and elec-

tric guitars and let; them do their thing on
stage for paying customers. Give them a
heavy sounding name (The Grank Funk
Muggers and Maulers'l) and have them by
a big name in leftist circles, like William
Kunstler. It's too bad the NLF couldn’t
make it. as they're too busy on the Ho
Chi Minh trail these days working hard to
liberate the youth from the U.S. imperia-
listic aggressors (the two Army sergeants
left guarding the embassy in Saigon), but
Bull Kinstler would do just as well.

For the first number. our lawyer host
could dedicate his own song to the latest
Oppressed Minority Group of the Month,
entitled “I Left My Heart (Though I
gained a Fee) at Wounded Knee." Angela
Davis could come on as an added uttrnct-
ion and sing her stirring renditions of
“Georgia (U.S.S.R.) On My Mind" and
also “My Simet Lord." dedicated to‘
Leonid Brezhnev.

After the Attica Bros. do their act. an
extra special unannounced attraction
could be that golden oldie group
fromyears gone by. the Weathermen (no‘
offense meant to the Department of
Atmospheric Science), balancing Molotov
Cocktails on their heads and singing
“Sh-boom“ as they gently lob hand gren-
ades into the eager audience and follow
up with a nostalgic version of “Happy
Days Are Here Again" as they aim their
bazookaa at what‘s left of the remaining

.: crowd.

The whole thing. I suppose. smacks of
capitalist exploitation. since the avowed
object of the thing is to get money by
taking advantage of the people's taste for
music and violence. but. what the hell. if
you can't fight rock'n'roll and win, join
Um.

 

exceptional teacher. As ll result. lciinniit
recommend that Dr. Smith be granted a
continuing appointment To recommend
tunurt- would require that. I conclude Dr.
Smith to have more polaritial for scholar
ly growth than is indicated by his current
record of publication. The English (ii-parts
mcnt. sorely needs bi-ttcr publishing
scholars tn ital complement of Hwy good
ti-iiclicrk.

lt‘roni tny pi-rspcir' ch Mlll‘Xllil lltt'l'lll'y
criticism would be it iluairiilili- ciitiiplc
niciil to other kinds of literary (‘l'lllt‘liillL
bilt Dr. Smith's published work docs not
suffice to indicate tlint. lll' enjoys any
Nlﬂlllflk‘lllll stutttrt- tlli ii Miirxinl. critic

I cannot antics tltu prccisi- cxlctit to
which extraneous (‘tHIHltll‘TiIthtllti may
havu Illfllll'llt'i'tl llll' N|llll voli- iif tlic
English faculty, but I hich no t'Vl(lt‘llt'l‘ to
iiitlii'ult- llilil Mich ciiniiiili-riilioiui in
l'Iin'iiri-(l the ncgiitlwI Vol.0 more than lllt'
|)trhll.IVt' votc ltllll' llic Ahhtll‘llllt' Dean, 1.
too. (ll'|)llll‘l‘ lhi~ lilinlctilci-Inin of tlic
li-uttrcil faculty at lhc Incl-tings iii qum.
tiini At any riitc, tho i-viiluiition l hich
nuttlc iiliiiVi- would luch to lii- tlit- nllllll',
rcgnrillcm. of tiny volc, liccuum- it In lltlhl'tl
on nly lintii-littiiii-nt. Uf tlii- .-.ulu.lunlivr~
intuit-rs it in also my l'lthltll'l'I'tl opinion
llllll tho (lollcgc (Yonirultlmc Wllli‘lt on
aniinously vulcd against It-iiuio. firt‘llm‘tl
llll ilmi'tinnion nun-o lliri-i‘lly on llll' .-.uli
utiit.IVi~ thllllll llitiii tlltl t‘lllli'i' llti- (‘hiiir
man or thi- Aiouiciiilc “I‘llll

 

t t r

FRIDAY. MARCH '50. 1973

  
     

     

 

 

 

 

 

 

@/ edltfii‘lalﬁ fir letters

"Alt animals or equal, but mm
animals are more equal than others."
6.079. Orwell

  

 

Let's Make a Deal

Campus Housing’s new policy of searching rooms for illegal applicances
has created considerable controversy during the past few weeks. The
problem does not seem to be that searches are, in fact being conducted, but
that they are often unannounced, being made while resident students are

 

 

 

 

not in their rooms. The result has been a feeling of paranoia among some
resident students as they hear of searches elsewhere.

Campus Housing feels that searching rooms while the residents are not
present is entirely justified, while students claim that it constitutes an
invasion of privacy. They worry about thefts and potential problems with
drugs while Housing investigators are searching for appliances and furniture.

Their concern seems entirely reasonable, since their privacy is obviously
being compromised. Honsing’s policy of unannounced searches only
encourages more and more students to move off campus where they do nor
have to contend with room searches.

Housing also presents a convincing case. arguing that regulations against
possession of ccrtain illegal appliances are stipulated in the housing
contract, and that rules against moving furniture from the lounges are
obvious.

Housing intends to enforce tllc rules, and we support their objectives.
Hotplatcs and large refrigerators do, indeed. encourage cooking in the
rooms, with the resulting bugs. fumes, arid general mess. The dormitories
were not designed for cooking. That is the fault of the architect, not of
Housing.

Likcwisc, thc “:ibscncc of community" some students on the uptown
ilitads complain about can be directly related to a dearth of common
meeting rooms and livin 1 areas. including lounges with furniture in them.

In short. both sides o the arguinciit sound convincing to us. The students
arc cntitlcd to their privacy, but the rules must be enforced.

One possible solution would bc to rctluirc the investigators to knock
bcforc searching a room at all times l and to cntcr the room only if one of
the residents is present. Housing has said that this policy does not work: If
students are expecting searches, tlicy will not answer the door. goes their
rationale. They go on to say that students can easily hide liotplates alid so
forth between the time the investigators knock and the time they enter -

‘ '9' {on f“
, l l ,
{ﬂu-i“- .

A
f“

..

“MiW‘IlAY c
"plasma i., LA
I . .

 

 

WELL PETA/N A5 MUCH OF tut:

rat? THE W/tDL/FE. ’

War, Crime, Drugs, Pinball

 

Used to be that it was hard to find
soon-thing it) do (Ill campus VVllt'll liilri-il
uud zilinic Wi-ll. that situation has not
changed much. unli-si; of coursi- tlii- per
son in quantum llllti a ([lllil'll‘l' 'l‘ln-n lu-
can engage in Ulll‘ of “10 most brutal and
mentally punishing sports known to
man ~ - pinball.

'l‘hosc lWl)'fll|)])t'l‘i‘ll bandits :ippi-zircil
seemingly overnight hull yi-ar llt tlii- bowl
lug alloy. api'ciirl llicir way lip tltlti llll'
cnrtl room on ilic first floor. and how
been reported advancing unrlcr llii- l'llVl‘l
of night out. of the campus l'l'lllt'l' Who
knows where these parasites of writ-iv
wrll strike iicxt‘.‘

lilfllil.ion thi-sc (hiya i-iits aw.i_\ .it t‘\’|'l'\
ouc‘s income llitt for ]l|lll)l|ll .iilillt'l:. tlic
t\l llll' going |'1|ll‘
of two ullllll'h for ii tllllll’li't', pinball can
Iii-conic ii \tcry i-xpi-nsivc past llllll' 'l'liim-~
wllltll‘t‘ll‘d Iii llic strlnigcst lt'.~l>- lll will
power ill'l‘ proliiililv llltlhl' poor lll‘\ll.‘r who
-|I|' tttnplnycil iii llic liiiwllttp .|ll|'\ lllllll‘l
llll’ liltnliinp lights iiiiil riilltlig i'uliiilcis all
llll‘ pttililill niacliilim ini lltllll 'xltlt‘h t\:. ill
|ililiiy_ litlnllll-tls Ill
cainpuit .iloiii- .iri- |i:i\’i'llitltiplt'.ill\ .iillli-I
cd to fill}. sport No ‘l'ilillall
illuvcrn' Anonyiiiouil" orgunt/atioii I‘\l~.|.
llt hill/it llll'lrl' pimr nirttltt

situation in ('Vt'll thl'h't'

porn ‘«tt|ll‘i tlll llii-.

ltlltl\\'ll

Uttilcmtiuiilably, llll' li'llllHilltiilin ol ill"
hull are many, Willi it lllllt' ability itllll
lllClt (not to tllttlllltllt Vluiirillthly .‘lllitltltlt:
the rnlicliinoin skilli'il pliiyi I'llll iii'l‘lltnll
lllli' enough points to l'lllllllt' him to
accumulate lltlllllti bull» to Il-iigtlicu hu-
llilltll‘ i'onllitli'rubly. About llic only thing
one can't do with lllt! machine in wm 1|
l'rcli game. if that were ponslhlc. all lll'll
would probably brciik loom~

 

usually a period of ten minutes is allowed.
This argument sccins weak to us. The difficulty of hiding an illegal
Wt. MANDﬁ A5 wigs/Ett— rcfricgcraror-lli only tcii iniiiutcs  obvious. Likewise, with a table or chair,
particularly If the scarchcrs are still Ill thc building during the tcli minute
iiitcrval.
l'lousing docs have a right to search rooms. liut some sort (ll-L'tHDPI‘OmlSC
must be llladc. Students can coiiipronilsc by coopcrating with the
investigators. Housing can compromise by culling thcir practicc of:;carching
riiiiiiis wlicu thc rcsiilcilts .u‘c tiff to class.

' 5V51/kz34N LAND DEVELOPER

Private Schools are Private

lt\' l’llilt llilil\l\'\' , . -. . a
As iiiorc and llltrl‘i‘ private collcgcs arc uncertain liuaiicuil forums. the

issue of state funding for private schools has rcachcd considerable
importance. Private schools have been cyciiig the state coffers for some
time now, litipiiiv that maybe someday they can gct a share of the hundreds
of millions ofdo lars tlic staic spends on highcr cdcuarion each year.

SUNY (.‘hiiuccllor Ernest l.. l’loycr rcccntly statcd his position on the
issiic. proposing that private colleges be given state funds for “selected
programs." pmVidcd they "affiliate with public institutions.”

Naturally. his position has come under heavy attack fromhcads of private
stliools around the state arid country. 'l‘hcy want tlic srarc to give tllcni
inoncy with no strings attached, aiid to do with as they please. The
proponents of state .iid to private schools see little difference bctwccn rhc
lWi) killtlh of institutions. claiming that “public education is public
cdutaiion” and that tlicrc is no reason why private schools which educate
the publli should bc required to affiliate with state schools.

The privatc schools sci-in to want their cake and tllcy want to eat it too.
'I'licy .llt' cxattly what their name implies: privatc, atid they can do with
llti'll illiuicy as they pie" c. Statc schools, on tlic titlicl’ hand. are totally
icsponslblt- to lltt‘ taxpayer and the lcgislaturc. hiour cstiniation. it would
to l'L‘CL‘lVC coiiiplctcly uiircstrlt’tcd statc

'l‘lli-rc nri- \llttl'lt‘tttttlttpN Wllll a handful
Ill quarto“. it is lltll nin‘tiiiimon for it
playcr not to conn- up with one good
gaini- t\l~.n iluarlivrs can gcl losl in thc
niachiiii-s wlii-ri-upon thcy art- subjch tii
liarin physical ulntsc. llut cvcii worse in
one particular glinii- which hits a habit of
I'ri-i-tiiig lhc ball iii onc of its corners.
challciigiiig thc playcr to get it frcc by
rocking the machine without t‘l‘i‘t‘lVlllu
lltnl niosl I'i-arcrl ofall pinliiill positililities

the till ’l'lil- profanity hctiril when this
happi-nl. In ipuic linprcssivc.

Yi-t cvcn iiiorc lilti-ri-sling than l.llt'
gaini-s ill't‘ llu- many ways that t]lltll‘l.l'l‘h
can bc illilttllii‘tl. lit-causc that is thc only
ilt'llllllllllilllUll lliai llii- ltltll'll

l-,\i-ii ll ii playr-r has ii iltlurlcr

intuit-Ian
liii‘» .iii'i-pl
lit\\'l1lll|_l will that hold him"

 

ill l\V'

bc llltl.lll for private schools
"""' “‘“1‘l‘h'w' “H'h'mw'“MM”'Mh" iiiuilicu. wliilc tlic statc schools lcniainctl uudcr yilkc. Acceptancc of state

doll.“ cli.iiigi-i Illiwcvm llll' llrnwlnii'lt
\Vllll thin LN that only two llllill’ll'ftl uri-
llli' llnlllo ‘l'liv illlll‘l :.tniill

lllllt‘ v.i|iic lll llll' pinball

liiiidillg iicrcssalily Itnpllcs statc Lttllllitl.

Technical 

IUl) tlllll‘xll linda mul
bi ctiatl tinle desmond

l'l'tt'l\i‘ll litl

 

clialigi i~. ltl
.iilillil 'l‘li.il in
ill llll’ ’Vllvlll\ ll.il_ llii- i'.ilt-

A,»

Illllt".‘i lll' lilll liaiasl. llll‘

    

      
  

“hi. ti‘pluli‘l.

- A la »
it-i.,i oi oi tuitiitc, llli' lmwlliig itlll’\‘ lor -li ﬁll.-

the!

Hit .ouglit .Illl’l t‘iltll “mud”, in It)”, malt Illqu' Business
. . . . , Circulation '
Ldtlor-tii-(.lttef Editorial Pages .0" Wm,” :L'l‘:ly”(:;’l":‘ocm
So it ‘litlllt'illlt' who's lll'i‘ll liuuinnllu ga'Y'l‘Ilem (JlllllllVOfllloiillll Exchange Ad P d u
ipiaitt-n. litt tlicii wash (and hllll inn» dirty ANS mam In“)th dang?” Sims:
i-toilunlti is twtiavinit all-HIin lately. or News andy palluy photography 5mm“ “hanks.”

anti 0 bunkut
mindy altman
kalhy ockmle

bill bilna
Sports

bi rice llldqgl"

U... hay...” [WI-ii .ililc to lUl'illI' it “until lay romnbmu

david stawsky

qaty sussman

Classified Ads

whom you always “pull to bump Illlt)
lit-lurc, I'llitllt'l'h lili- llll‘\ ctiII lic found

liaid ill Witl'li at onc of “W Vllllitllh pinball 01' Campus kn" d‘dmm) ‘ Cathy gm.“
Illili‘llllll’h [\lltl if vou_ illi, ('ll I‘Xt‘llht' ho“ "MW" Preview mm,“ ‘Dy (“an-ﬂu
inc, l pint illiil'iivct'cil l luivc .inotlu-r mm”), In“ am an mmsmley

tosliu Llth
ipiiirti-r

Editorial Board dotouinupa policy. Office: CC326 Hone: 467-“.

 

 

L...—

 

 

 

