 

 

 

 

fwd ' 3"

 
  

 

\

Stare University a! New York at Albany

April 3, 1973

~‘i .
2?. C ' O . 0. d
l at in u get iris in eopar y
. 2"
l
 by than salam events per day times the days of this year's figure. With this cut, AMIA be different? for equipment purchases. Not
i it It i? budget time again. Md the week, then add on the full the AMIA will be forced to As for publicity, how do you one cent more--in effect, an aus-
. 5 Once again. the Bud!“ commit‘ weekend schedule, and then con- forgo plans to increase sche- advertise deadlines for signups terity budget. The allowances
I '1'. tee is out to Pu" 0“ a 193' Stunt" sider that one must devote time dules, but will also be forced to without the funds for publicity? which the committee has de-
y", The)’ hive gone 01”. and in a to such ‘insigniﬁcant' things as cut out one major sport, like This year, the AMIA had hoped cided to cut $300.00 would put
)1, 310591! door meaingi Yecom‘ schoolwork, and one sees the softball, due to lack of funds. to issue an AMIA Handbook to AMIA at a lower equipment
 mended that AMIA. WhiCh need for 4 student assistants. You may say: Why pay officials? all incoming freshmen, but the budget for next year than the
 59”“ thousands or Sindents Apparently, the budget com- Let each team supply one for a budget committee alloted it a one for this year.
I}. here at Albany receive a $3,000 mittee believes that we should league pool. Have you ever tried mere $50.00 for both publicity, As for development of new
i’ cut in its budge.“ The cu“ are have 1 1/4 student assistants. 01’ relying on non-paid personnel? so it had to be scratched That sports, the AMIA had no funds
$50.00 went during the first set aside this past ‘year. When

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  

ridiculous, the situation ludic-
rous, and the AMIA may have to
fold due to lack of funds.

Let us examine the situation.
The AMIA official budget for
1972-73 was $10,391.00, The
request for next year is
$13,742.00, most of which
would go to the purchasing of
absolutely necessary new equip-
ment, more officials and thus
larger schedules, the AMIA
Handbook for freshmen, and
more and improved awards.

Let us examine the individual
stats, disregarding the necessary
minor expenses which the com-
mittee has approved. The AMIA,
as you may well know, hires
four student assistants per year
to serve as supervisory personnel
at all AMIA activities. Why four
assistants as opposed to, for ins-
tance, two? Simple-there are
usually several events going on at.
the same time, often on differ
ent floors of the gym, or dif—
ferent areas on the athletic
fields. Multiply the number of

so their $2976.00 cut in the
AMIA budget for this area seems
to indicate. True, the students
assistants are well paid
($2.25/hr, 15 hrs/wk). so per-
haps a compromise salary is
necessary. However, it appears
that if the budget committee
expects the AMIA to work with
4 student assistants, these stu-
dents should also be expected to
work for $.80/hr, Would you
work 15 hours a week at
$.BO/hr'.’

Moving right along, this
year's budget for officials was
$5,050.00, and the AMIA may
find itself slightly in the red,
thanks to last year's budget cu ts.
The Council Wants to schedule
more games, open up some new
sports, and maintain the salary
levels for officials so it requested
a $1,260.00 increase. This may
he a bit excessive, but a cut was
expected, although not one the
siZe which the budget committee
recommended, namer
$1811.50, which is less than

The AMIA has, and it does not
work. Would you get up at 9:00
Saturday or Sunday morning to
ref a football game in the rain?
Why not shorten schedules?
People are complaining about
short schedules as it is. in fact,
the softball leagues ll rind III are
double elimination leagues-two
loss ' and you do not play any
more. Why not limit this number
of teams in each sport“? You pay
student tax, Wotlld you want to
be told--Oh, so sorry, but no
more teams allowed in football,
even though, yes, you have made
the deadline. Better luck next
year. Ridiculous you say, Well,
you are right.

Perhaps the least important in-
crease was in awards, which can
remain of inferior quality if nec-
essary. However, from a winner's
standpoint, the award is really
important in many cases, one
being fraternity bragging rights.
Besrdes, in all organized forms of
competition elsewhere, the win
ners gi-t rewards, so why should

 

semester, so the AMIA has been
forced to curtail its publications
of posters, etc. Why the AMIA
Handbook? Publicity is the main
reason, Those freshmen who
come in here in September may
be interested in playing intra-
murals, but may be too busy
getting used to the new (‘liVirUH‘
ment of college life to meet the
fall sport deadlines. Also, thosiI
freshmen will be here for four
more years in many cases, and if
the AMlA goes out and informs
them of its actions, it is just
another drawing card for this
university.

As for equipment budget, lllt'
AMIA has no choice here. When
a basketball gets worn out from
us thii a bat breaks, when
ollicials' shirts tear, they hith' lo
be replaced. The AMIA look
inventory, and made a concise
list with exact minimum prim-s
for those pier-es of equipment
which were absolutely necessary,
and asked for that exact amount

   

proposals were made and enthu-
siastically responded to, for
floor hockey and three man has
kl‘llnlll, they had to l)l' post
ponill to next year, pending
budge approval. This time, 1111‘
AMIA wants to plan ahead, and
has requested $1100.0010 be til)ll‘
to initiate a hockey program.
The budget committee refused.

One wonders how the budgel
committee could be so short
sighted as to overlook such an
important part of campus life :it
SUNYA. Perhaps we should
overlook the budget committee
next year. One also wonders
how these people were selected
to such a powerful post. The
members of the budget commit-
tee are not involved in AMIA
activities. Maybe we should all
refuse to pay student tax. it this
is how the budget committee
handles our money. it I had
known what they would do with
my money i would have

changed my vote. Would you?)

Baimen's Season Looks Promising

Opener Slated For Thursday AgoinsiL RPI

by Nathan Salant

The Albany State Great Danes”
baseball season gets under way
on April 5, with a home game
versus RH, and all signs point to

anothei good season. Established
letterm'in fill the ranks, and a
strong pitching staff is looking
for a comeback by Nick
Ascienzo, whose arm may well

  

'J

anldmln

 

decide whether or not the Dillll‘n
win at all.

Last spring, Ascrenzo was one
of the finest pitchers around,
with a it) record, an ERA of
0.841 in 32+ innings pitched, and
one save. Notice the word
spring-he pitched only 1% innings
this past l'all, thanks to :i sure
arm. Good news from Florida--
Nlt'k is llimwnig like old, and
has no reported troubli-

'l‘bi- [Jillll'h .irv i-iiuntiniv on
another season of fine pitching
from Ki-vui Quinn and Kl'il
liiiltoi‘, llil' aims of tlii- i'ull stiii'l'.
Quinn was l '1 Willi ill] l‘lltA of
2.54. and billion was l'Vl'lI lit'l
tor, with a 15 l rl-r-nril ltlltl 21 l till
l‘lltA.

'l‘hi- outfit-Id is solid, Willi \’l'l
t'rtlll slugger 'l‘i-rry Ki-iiiii-y iii
(.‘l‘lill‘r, hoping lii improve on his
Jibl iiVi'rngi- Frank (liisliildti,
another good llllll‘f, is in right
field, and “P Will “1' Jtillil‘tl by
fellow vt-li-rim Unw- Huntley,

wbii (‘llil also do some pilr'liing
Super sub Bill llopkins Will be in
tlil‘l‘t' in the lillt‘ innings of those
close liiillgiimes to get his fine
defensive play lllll'tl up for the
Danes.

'l'he infield is anchored by .1578
hitting ltay Angilla, the team
ltlil leader Behind the plate is
llit' Iii-st liilli-r on the team, Jack
iii-ally, wliri boasts a lifetime
college ('iii‘l'i'r liiitling nVI-I'iigt‘ iil'
.‘lbtl, and who stroked 1183] last
fall Shortstop Will be plillt‘l'tl by
Dan l)i>l"(iri'sl, il Vt'li'l’tlll Willi it
good sln'lt, .iiiil llii' ‘liiil ('(il'lil‘i"
Will be piiti'oli-d by yet iinolln-r
li-lleiiiinn, “Ill l.:ipp, it .200 llli'
lt'l‘ Willi n i‘Iiit- gliivi- Second
liilat‘ Will probably find Sit-yi-
l)i-Vilii, ii pttl'l time pitclii-r

ltniiiiilnig out [he tl-uiii iII'I'
lillWl‘I' lntliiig Vlt’ (illllliltll‘lll,
iililily rniin ’l'niii immune, ii lll'W
arm on the mound in John
Berlin/n, and another Jack of
llll'll’lltll'h‘, Stun Mi-xaiiski

'l‘his year, the Danes face llii-ir

 

 

usual allotment of tough teams,
and the question is: can Albany
win the SUNYAC tille'.’ 'l'lii-
Danes carry a contending -l-l
record into the spring, and the
other teams in beal appear to be
Cortland, Brockport, and
()iierinta. 'l'he Dairies host the
Rt'tl Dragons (in April ll for :i
big doubleheader Wlilt'll may
(lt't'ltll‘ the conference on an
early iiolu Aiiollu-r lil'W all
(lllltlll to lllt‘ M'lil‘tllllt’ is (‘1!lﬂilll‘,
iin l'iiislvrii power, and UHF Hill)
l‘iiivi-i'sily ll‘\'t‘l i-iiiiipi-liliiiii

'l‘hi- Dani-s Will be up llll'l'l'
and Willi .‘l lll‘illlll} .\srii'ii/.ii
liuvr' us grind it t‘llilill't' its iin\iiiir

to lake llll‘ HUNYAt'

Wllnl (liii's (71inch liliiliiignnii'
hiiiisi-ll' ii lln'll‘ honored \l’ll‘lill],
have In say ill)t)lll llll‘ upcoming
season" ‘Nii'k is llll‘ lit-y Iii-lu'i-i-ii
ii gliiirl season and .i i‘i-iil t‘lilllt'll
tll‘r ll' hi- ri-giiius his old form
We Will l)l‘ up tin-re ' | ('llllltl not
agree more.

Lacrosse, Tennis, & Golf Previews
Pg. 15

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
   
 

 

 

 

 

    
    
  
   
 
  
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 

  

Shapiro

   
   
  

“ The silent majority

   
 

‘ is a resignation from democracy.”

't ; yimuhtmz“

 

‘ . sluplro

 

 

 

 

  
 
  

‘ Y
E Val. LX, No. 19' . Sm: University of New York at Albany April 6, 1973

 

Nader Speaks on Hazards:

Calls for Individual Action

by Ann E. Bunker

Wednesday night, Ralph Nader the man replaced Ralph Nader the
legend to the near-capacity crowd which turned out in the University
Gym to hear his remarks on environmental hazards.

In a speech spiced with jibes at Washington, the well-known advocate
of the individual's rights and protection expounded the neccssity of
immediate and effective action in the area of pollution control.

Blaming “lack of respect for the law" on the part of giant corpora-
tions as responsible for wanton industrial pollution, Nzidcr deplored the
“double standard" that exists in the U.S. which allows the industrial
interests to ignore laws that the individual citizen must obey or face
sanction.

Nader attacked [his “inequity of law and law-enforcement" and dc—
nounccd the tremendous control big business exercises ovcr government
in [his nation. “l’coplc haven't applied an elementary sense of decency
to private corporations. We learn about individual sin, not corporate
sin." He stressed the importance of voter organization and individually-
dctcrmincd action in effecting any opposition to the corporation mono-
poly of Capitol Hill: "We must ask the same questions of large powers
as we do of lllt‘ local burglar."

Activism of individuals ll) tiiinhai [llt‘ pollution problem is contingent
upon individual rc orientation. Sircssmg lllt' lllllilt'tlltlly of ilic situation.
Nader said, “We have to begin developing :in empathy for these
lll.l|11l1iltlt' eiivironnit-iitiil hazards lliui is based on tiLll' t'tl‘k'lll'flltllf «if
llll'li risks and iii~ tlicir prevention that doesn‘t rel} on whether they

‘

suddenly go through our pain tlirusliolds.‘ “'l'hc .iliilny lo iriuistt-iid
the necessity 0i. constantly being physiologically stuiiularcd (must be
ll('\’l'ltiPC(ll before [llt‘ imnd is siiinulali'd liir ttillt‘tilYL' .it'titin.”

Nader's remarks hilll-lt‘tl it) .ircus other than that (if. pollution. lot'usv
nig .illiitks pi'iiiizirily on turptimiiuii abuses of l’tlllhlllllCl'S and pro
tlllLl’lUll oversiglirs. llc triiitist-d lllt' millions \Pt‘llt on public relations:
"'l'lngv spend as lllllLll it-lliiig people they don't pollute" as they do on
ptilltlllllll t'ontriil .ind other i‘t‘liii‘iii programs. “(Tim lid's nuisl 'Ll't‘ililVL'
ltlt‘il in ll" past tlL‘LJtlL' was it) p.1inl ils \llll)l\t‘\l.ltl\ rctl. \\'lllll' .ind
blue."

Criticisms \Nl'lt' dirt-crud .il lllL' consumers .is well. Lack of .ltliVL‘
involvement and int'quiialilt' priorities were bliiuit'tl (ill illt' tili/t‘iiry.
“l’wiplt- spend thousands t.iniiiull.igiiig body odors" but \Iit'llll lllllL‘ ll)
l‘lglll olivnsivr' .lll’ pullniiiin. “People will \‘\’(il'l\ lllllltlll‘tl\ iii lniui’s. t‘.li'll
enough money to buy tin .iuliininibih- but lllll tour hours In spent
lrying it) leach ilicui how [1) buy one."

The speaker placed it great deal «iii emphasis till "the development of.
scll't'dutniioii .inil tlll/t'll Llilllllllllllt‘lil.” Spluiknig tliri-tily [ti lllt' stu
dt-uls present, he issued .i Lilll for organization and individual tlli't'tLlUll
liiwiiids dialling Wllll iln' pi'iililciir. lllL‘ World laws. “You’re ;il lllt'
pinik iii~ your ltlt‘.lllhlll .iiid llt't‘tllilll: lllt'lt‘ .ut-ii't iii.iii_\' Ill iliis tounii'y
\‘\’llli i.in t'lctl llll'll .iillviii's.”

“(Tili/t'nslnp is not lll‘xl .i pl.iiilnlli‘. il's lllll pisi liilsc patriotisui: il's
tllllllllllllllt'lli. llt'tl .5.in ioniiiivvisy. ll". tlt‘illtdlllill, ii's lll\‘|)l\'l‘lllt'lll,
ii's trtuiiivny...Wi"vt‘ gin .ill lllt' \\’t'.lllll in this inniiti'y .iiid grunt
\tlt'lltl' .ind ti-tliiiiiliigy. .ind yt'l ltitll\ .il .ill the problems. Wt' sluinliln'i
h;ch tht-si- lillililt'lll‘y. We've got lllllli' piiililrins [llilll we deserve .iiid
nuiri' suluiioiis ili.ii we use." N.ii|i-i Wt'lll Hit in ii'iii.irk ili.ii ll wr
(it’ll‘l llitii'l‘illll [llL' llilllll(' ill \t\/(lll\. “\b't'Ilt' {III gtlllllu ill l)“ (tips:  ll“.
iiig.iiii/.iiuiii.il wlii't-l.”

(Itiiiiluiling iln' ll‘tlillt', Nader i't‘cinpliasi'lt'd [llt' |ll|lHill.I|ltl' «it Indivi

dual iiiiiliibuiiiiii, dt-noiuiiiug iln‘ .sllt'lll iii.i|iiiil\" .ia .i “it-sigiinliiiii

lltllll tlt'llltlt lilt )’.

More on Nader, Earth Week Events
see p. 4, centerfold

   

