Mm»-.. ..

., 2/ ,cy ~m:,«—,m 

“w v-,r‘.s..~._ »

v A a 411m 9‘

 

 

 

Council Starts 0n-0uad Meetings

by Jay Hashmall

Central Council last week
tirade its first move closer to the
student body as it convened in
the Indian Quad cafeteria. A
considerably large number of
residents turned out to observe
the proceedings.

While battling with the poor
acotrstics and a noisy water dis-
penser the Council heard Alan
Pallat. an Indian Quad Resident
Assistant (RA). Alan related to
the members present the situa-
tiou and rationale concerning
the vote of the RA‘s to strike on
Friday. February 2. The Council
correspondingly passed a motion
urging that meaningful consider-

Bach Mai

by Mike McGuire

Rebuilding North Vietnam's
largest hospital is the immediate
goal of the local chapter of
Medical Aid to Indochina. Arr
organizational meeting was held
last week at the (‘apiral Area
Peace Center on Madison
Avenue.

Bach Mai. an 1150-bcd health
center and medical school lo-
cared in Hanoi. was totally de-
stroyed during "carpet-
bombing" raids by 8-53 bomb-
ers shortly before this past
Christmas. The hospital had pre-
viously been damaged by bombs
on .ltrrie 37 of last year.

At the tirire ol its destruction.
rr housed about 2.000 doctors

     Senate Passes

 

Sid
Lift.

 

 

i A whole new kind of alcohollc

beverage wrtb natural fruit

I flavor, Try Malt Duck lied

Grape Nc/er too sweotwand
certainly never dull'

Avril-lite whatever but I: told.

t. the National lira-mg Co at ulllo . Mu
MW Detroit - Mrrmr ' Firearm

 

ation be given to the demands
made by the RA’s in their cur-
rent dispute over fair compensa-
tion for the jobs which they
perform.

In other action, the Council
approved an increase in the ln-
ternational Film Group's (IFG)
income line of $750 to enable an
exclusive area showing, on cam-
pus, of the new ﬁlm TWO Ii'NG-
LlSl-I GIRLS.

Council upheld the passage of
the University Concert Board
Supplemental Appropriation
(7273-123) which allowed for
the UCB to contract with the
Allman Brothers Band for a
spring concert. This same bill set

the price of tickets at $4 with
tax and $8 without tax and
offers student taxpayers first op-
portunity to purchase these tick-
ets. Although there has not been
a contract signed as yet, a “ten-
tative yes” from the group Iias
been obtained.

Good Response

The consensus of those in the
atrdience, many of whom had
never previously viewed a Cen-
tral Council meeting, was over-
whcliningly favorable regarding
these new “on-the-quad" ses-
sions. Indeed, the size of the
audience alone proved the suc-
cess of the venture.

Hospital to be Rebuilt

tients. The bombing killed 23
doctors and nurses and a still-
unknown number of patients.
All rrredical equipment and sup-
plies were destroyed, including

1,500 quarts of blood from the
hospital's transfusion center.

Rebuilding of the hospital can
be carried out for $3 million,
according to Medical Aid to
Indochina. M.A.|. has so far
raised $500,000 of that total in
a rtationwrde appeal.

After the $3 million goal is
reached, MA 1. plans to help
the Red ('ross Societies of both
Vietnamese nations and those of
Ions .rrid ('arrtliodra in the ll'

by Gary Ricciardi

Monday .iltcrrroorr, lhc Urrrver
srly Senate ratified dcscgratcd
parking on the SUNYA campus

 

WW8
is coming

 

 

./“\_

8pm

 

building or repair of so other
hospitals and clinics hit by U.S.
bombers between April and Oc-
tober of 1973.

SUNYA students have so far
raiseL $150 from tabling in Carn—
pus Center and passing cans at
llenway's, various cafeterias, and
the Mahavishnu coticert. The
Peace Project donated the $700
they raised showing
“M*A*S*H." The Coalition, as
the campus M.A.l. chapter calls
itself. also plans a benefit sltow‘
trig of “Born” in an attempt to
raise more money. and is sched-
uling a food first sometime in

March for the same purpose.

Open Parking

by it dcalerrrrrg voice vote l)c-
bale was cut ofl'aflcr Sen Steve
(.ierber gave wltat one senator
lcrrncd "an impassioned plea"
in favor of open parking,

Unlike last month's xt'ssltrtt.
there was no vociferous lacrrlly
oppositron to the measure.
which last semester sparked a
controversial Strrdcrrr Associa-
troll-backed strike.

 Would You
   Like To Be
A U.N. Delegate?

Come to 0 meeting for the

Model

U.N. Convention
Today Feb. 6

CC 308

funded by student loit-

 

 

PACE TWO

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

  

W8 BRIE '

International

compiled by Danny Ross .

PARIS AP — Representatives of South Vietnam and the Viet Cong
sat down alone together for the ﬁrst time in Paris today to beg.”
making arrangements for the political negotiations provided for in
the cease-fire agreement.

Nguyen Phuong Thiep, acting deputy leader of the Sm.“
Vietnam’s peace talks delegation, and Dinh Bai 'I‘hi of the Vivi
Cong‘s Provisional Revolutionary Government, met at the Inter-
national Conference eenter on Avenue Kleber where the peace talks
dragged on for four years.

Thiep told newsman that the purpose of the meeting was to
prepare for the political consultations called for in the ppm.
agreement worked out by Henry A. Kissinger and Le Duc Tho.

The meeting lasted two hours and another session was scheduled
for Wednesday.

BELFAST AP — The death toll in Belfast's bloodiest weekend of
guerrilla strife rose to 10 early today when ii gas station rtllt‘ritlirnt
cut down by gunmen died in a hospital.

The other dead included six Roman Catholics killed by Iii-iirct.
troops and three Protestants. A total of 20 persons have died strit't'
last Monday.

Catholic political leaders demanded a government inquiry into 111..
killing of the six Catholics. claiming they were unarmed bystuntlI-rs
The army said they were gunmen of the Irish Republican Army.

Informed sources said William Whitelaw, Britain’s administrator or
Northern Ireland, would ask Prime Minister Edward Heath I'or lllttrir
troops to reinforce the 17,000 soldiers in the province, 'l'lrrm-
thousand had been sent. back to Britain in recent months bur-aust- tlrt'
strife hud scaled down, but the lull ended a Week ago as grirrmi-n
went on a rampage.

National

 
 
    
 
   
    

(ZNS) ' President Richard Nixon has been iirrnirirarmt
formally to receive the Nobel Peace Pri'Le.

August Shoo, the director of the Norwogian Nobel lllhllltllt‘ rir
Oslo, confirmed last week that Nixon's nomination papers. t'lilllirtlr
ing nearly 100 signatures, hrid been received. Among tlir- srgrri-r- or
the petition were Senators llobcrt Dole of Kansas, Barry (lolduatr-r
of Arizona and Strum 'l‘hurmond of South Carolina.

During the 12 months of 1072 —- the period for Wlll(‘ll Mr Nixon
has been nominated for the peace prize — the President aritlioir/i ii
the dropping of mort- thiin one million tons of “kpluhll‘t's or.
Indochina. That was the heaviest air bombardment condom o
anywhere during any 12-month period in human history.

(ZNS) » A group called “The Union of Councils for Srivir-r .li-u
is calling on Americans to give up PepsiColri for it while.

The Pepsi boycott has been called as a protest to the recent tram
agreement signed between i’t-psicri, Incorporated, and tho Sow-r
Union. The Union of Courrcrls for Soviet Jews in risking tlirrt l't'rI-n I-
tlcmrind as a condition of trade with the Soviet Union llr.il tlrir
U.S.-SR. remove all restrictions on Soviet Jews who wish to l‘ltlltﬁln"
to Israel.

The Union has requested that l’t'psi be removed from all vi-rrdrrrr’
machines in religious institutions, and that sympritlir/a-rs trim-W
“Frllu'ldly Snacks," “'l'r-ern," “Schwepps,” rind otlir-r l’rrr-m n
producLs.

(INS) - The war may he ovr-r, but the selling was just lit-11"”

A company called Mrntamr-rrcrr ' formed just three wot-ks all" ‘
turning out official "Vii-loam l’t-rico Medals" which Will br- ir\':ttl.ilrli
during the next three works only. Mintiimoricn is offering silver and
gold medallions which depict a dovr- on one side and a Vii-triarrrr-a
woman planting rrcr- riri lllt’ other. The peace medallions an' grow
for up to $00 ruin-co.

James E. 'l'llrllt'l‘ of Washington, ii street Vendor of .stiltU‘lIll
’i’l’d'ffﬁlflrShit}"£230"filial:if' "w" “'“’ “9””  H W

y .llllt‘d notoriety ol sorts \tliirr
he stood l)lll.\iltlt' of the church whore funeral services for |.\irdorr
Johnson were being conducted
dead ftirrnr-r president's llkl’tii‘h‘s.

State

NEW YORK Al' The Zﬁti-mt-mlit-r Sliitt- Narcotics |’.rro|r
()lflt't'rh Association Monday gnvo its “strong support" In to“
Nelson A ltoclrr‘fr-llrrr's "get tough" policy ltir (trug pltts'ltt't'rs

“m m“ ilmup also Wlll’llh the city and state to "give its the tools
to rt'llll)Vl' the addict “who infects others" from the coniniiriritr lr\

 ttrantr-d punt-i. ol‘fir-,.r 5mm," whwh mum!” H“. [mm m m“ \ II

untl sold dinner plates Iii-arrrig lllt'

'1‘1 - "  ._

N H l”""""" l""‘""”.V “""rllllld. are employed by lllt‘ Srarr-
'tl’t't .- . . , . .
r it Adtlnlrrin (rintrril (orrimrsrsrtin, The), Wm,” h“ “H”,er

[4 l I I ' I II ~ . r '-
iii“ I plan oltirti status lItltlt‘r ii Iiill uttered by HP” A l"""‘l"'” I‘
t-yi-r'smr, l) llrtmltlyri

.. PM” WHHW' l""'“”‘“'” “l ll)" tlmup. described the lifullllllitlitrtr a».
1h“ Imwlm “("lV "r l"“’l“'-“-"|Ulllll personnel trained and t-xpt-ircrrr'crl
”"‘|““'"‘1l WHll the addicts and the (‘Ullllllutllllt'h rri Wlllt'll llir-y ll\l'
lti'lltllllu action on Meyer-son's bill by the lubulhlulun,‘ will“,l I,
“fikmu MW” 'lm‘” V' I'lll‘lblly. the City Council and I’Ulltl
Lm.""‘mmulwm' Pulnrk V- Murphy [01' "apt-t‘iril til'fri‘r-i” a|.i||t‘v
which Would permit the '
officers,
HAgra":talus: l‘l‘ll'lmovrr would permit tlir-in tti reintin "infecting
frequently lllttttl. “rent” "I" “hulnh- INuW, llt’ Mull ri pnlll‘l'lllitll
"I! n “rolrrpainp ,,,m,:,]:|i.“"y I”? ""rl'ultcs piirolr- olticr-r rit |i|t'lt|ltt:
clerical and other costs if "m - I." 5"". 'l W‘mlll HIM! "llllllllllll‘ Hit
it obtaining wan).an

 

Officers to carry guns and "Cl tlb local pram

 

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 197/.

 

 

 

 

Ambulance Service to Begin Operations

by Audrey N. Seidman
(with assistance by Stephen H.
Goldstein)

“Five Quad Ambulance Service
is a reality." After a 2% year
struggle for recognition. the Five
Quad Volunteer Ambulance Ser-
vice (soon to be Inc.) hopes to
begiti operations March I.

The FQAS was approved by
University Council oti Jan. 12 as
a “volunteer student’s ambu-
lance scrvice on the SUNYA
camptrs operating through a
not-for-profit corporation" un-
der terms of an agreement with
the Dean for Student Affairs.
Neil C. Brown. The 24 hour
service, in essence, is indepen-
dent of the university but sanc-
tioned by 11.

Barry M. Bashkoff. one of the
originators of the FQAS. is
('lrief. Joel l)irirrgcr' is Assistant
('lrief of Operations arid Marc
Stein is A\srstarrt (‘lrief of 0P»
pcralrons. 'l‘hclifficci "f
'l raining is ('arl Scliodcr.

'llrc t'orrrbrncd Standard and
\dvarrccd l-rrst Ard course \vrll
bc ollcrcd again starting Mb 13.
llllL‘lt'\ll'll students should
.|ll\'llll .r gerrcrrrl rrrtcrcsl rrrcctrtrg
llrtrrsilay. l'cli H In |(‘ .l at ‘l
I’ M ('allry (l'ltrrcrr. Secretary ol
the group. \vrll teach the course.
wrtlr assistance frorii Karen ch-
vairolsky.

Hood Favors Status Quo

Dr Janet Ilood, Director of
tlic Strident llcaltli
called the I‘QAS “an awkward
and costly partial rcduplrcation

('crrtcr.

o1 better services alicady avail-
able In the area,” llappy wrtlr
thc status tpio, she said, "No»
body cvci consulrcd me, until
they were very involved with it
wrlli trcrrrcrrdorrs emotional and
actual involvement With the pro-
rcct."

Declaring rlrerc has never been
a problem wrtlr calling corninr'r-
cirrl ambulances, 1)i llood said
she Irrvors "coritrrrlratniri ol that
policy " Slrc \\lll lIlllt/t' the ser-
vrccs ol llrc strident volunteers
for routine transportation. such
as taking .trrdcirts lrorrr Ilrc llllll
rrrarv downtown

"I don't scc the need " \.lltl
li.rs|rkoll.”lor licr (l)i Hood) to
call upon r'orrirncrcrrrl lllllls oricc
\yc‘rc in st'rvrcc " llc torrstdcrs a
t.l|ll|\ll\ Ilrrs st/c “a small corn
nrurrrty” Wlllt'll \ltrlllld lravc lls
own scrircc I'Ihll trrric .r coin
rrir'rt’tal arrrbrrlarrtt' liarrsporlx .r
'.lllrlt'trl tt trrsls tlrt' sltrilt‘trl \-lli
llrt' owner ol the local liotrors
Arnlrrrlanu~ St'rvtrr' Ilrll ()pal
said his \l'lVIt't‘ is sorrrcrrrrrt‘s dc
|.rrr|lr‘d |r\ ‘ullltll‘lll\ olro kt‘cp
llll' .Irmlr ||rc\ ri'rcru' Irorrr

lllt'll 1||w|ll.ll|i .- ri-rrrpam

Study in
Guadalajara, Mexico

Fully accredited, 20-year UNIVER-
SITY OF ARIZONA (luau-Illa”
Summor School ollarl July 2-Augult
ll, anthropology, art. education,
lollrlon, geography. tilltory, gov-
lrnmlnt, language and lltoutura.
Tuition 5165; board and room 8211.
Wilts: international Prop-ml, Unt-
varllty ot Arllona, Tucson 35121.

Project Btpensive

The cost of supplying the
FQAS to provide free service to
the campus will be high. Insur-
ance is a major factor, costng
$2000 for an "Umbrella" cover-
age with liability up to $1 mil-
lion in many areas.

Bashkoff bought a 1964 Dodge
van from the NY. Telephone
Co. for the service for $35. After
renovation it will be used mostly
for special events. Alorxil com-
mercial ambulance service dona-
ted a 1%} Cadillac ambulance,
in need of repairs, to the group.

Funds are being solicited front
individuals and campus organiza-

tions. A Irrfllc for a portable
color TV. Will he used to raise
money. 11 1s being questioned
whether or not SA. funds can
be donated to the iron-profit
organization.

The students volunteer arribu»
lanccs at Stony lirook and ()s-
wcgo are funded by student tax.
According to lirrslrdoff these
campus scr‘vrccs are “responsible
tor every aspect of first aid and
crncrgerrcy medical care "

Supplies are being donated to
the l-‘QAS by what liuslikoff
calls a "brotherhood" ol arribu»
larrcc volunteers, This includes
strclclrcrs. slums and lights A
lcdcrirlly~srrpportcd airibrilarice
crrtcrgcricy kit. worth saro, was
given by the State Health |)c»
parrmerrt to the servrcc Richard
llowrrcs‘, owncr of Albany's Act‘
Airibrrlarrcc Scrvrcc said, "I‘ll see
that they get sllllll'tl in lln‘
arnbrrlarrcc business." and is
ready to help wrllr cqniprncnr

l'rrrlorsrrrg the need lor .r slu
dent yolrrrrlccr airibrilarice on
tarrrprrs. Downr-s secs tlrc scrvrcc
as “a good idea provrrlcd lls lllll
right .rrrd takcrr l.ll\‘ o1 "

lit llrrrltl illt'rl 3" calls 1U

   

commercial ambulances between
April 1971-1972. She said the
average time of arrival was 10
minutes. Downes,‘ however, said
that Dr. Hood has often asked
his drivers “What takes you so
long?"

Opal, of Doctor's Ambulance,
sees the FQAS as business com-
petition. He stressed the differ-
ence between an “Invalid
Coach“ for horizontal transport,
as Dr. Hood intends to use the
service, and an ambulance as an
emergency vehicle. “I don't feel
that they Iiave the experience,"
he said. His attendants take the

same MET (Medical Emergency

, a“ .

Barry M. Bashkoff
Technician) course at SUNYA as
the students. but see more day
today actrori. lle crnplrasr/cd
hick of experience in the stu-
derrts‘ case. He concluded by
asking this reporter. “It's my
bread and butter, What would
you do if your dad was going to
lose business?"

Dr. llood also sees the ‘round-
the-clock service as a “waste of
student voluntch time." She
fears they will be “bored to
extinction " As MI'T lacrrlly rid-
vrsor‘ she said. "I‘m not at all
opposed to people learrriirg Inst
aid" Slrc commended the slltr
dcrils rrrvolved 111 training who
do a "trerrrcndous rob with great
errtlrusrasrri.”

(‘omrnercial airibrilarice ouircr
()pal cotriplairrcd of “dry run"
calls wlicrc thcrc has no one
there to meet him He suggesch
tlial l)r. llood check our calls
with security lirst It seems to be
the basic procedure now Accoi»
drug to security records. scr‘lllll)’
cars were sent on hospital and
rrrlirrnary runs 71 times last
month. 112 times in |)ctciribcr.
wrtlr a low tor the year ol 1"
times last July

 

 

Graduate Advisor Positions Available
for ’73-’74 at
Sayles International House, Brubacber,
and Pierce Halls- Alumni Quad
Interest Meetings Will Be Held.-
Monday, Feb. 23 - 9:30 pm Sayles lower lounge

Wed, Feb. 14 - 4:00 pm Brubacber Main lounge
if interested but unable to attend, call 412-7671

 

Security Supports Effort

Members of the security force

welcome the volunteers because

they will handle the many rou-
tine calls and free security for
other duties. “It can't do any-

thing but help," said Karl Schar1,-

assistant director of security.
James Williams, Chief of Sec-
urity, supports the idea of a
volunteer service, but wonders if
the initial enthusiasm of the
volunteers will last after current
members graduate. Bashkoff be-
lieves that interest will survive.
Difference of Opinion

As the riiain opposition for the

creation of the FQAS as an

homers mow M: cloud

emergency ambulance, I)r llood
observed, "It‘s like being
oppost to mother‘s milk." She
said, “Only the rnedrcal people
can see the pitfalls." In a state-
rnenr on the “carripiis ambu-
lance" I)r. Ilood maintained
there is “absolutely no demon-
strable need" on campus for it.

The students involved rnaintarrr
that there is a dcfirirtc need for
their services. Bashkoff related a
recent incident when he went to
attend to a student that was cut
in a chemistry lab. Someone had
called an ambulance believing it
was an eye trrittry. liashkoff took
Ilic strident to the infirmar'y.
where they refused to cancel the
airibrilarice wlrrclr hadn't yet
arrived.

He also told of the childbirth
rrr l'astrnun lower a few years
ago that was attended by Carl
Alrreiis. watchman, \vrth ambu-
larrcc csperrerrce. at the phone
directions of art Infirmary nurse.
Many times rnrrrrcd or sick stri-
derrts had to walk to security
cars tor transportation

Concerning the routine trau-
porlation of students corrslr

trrrrrrg "‘rkr’.” or the needs. |)r

 

Hood would prefer “one mature
individual who could combine

driving with maintance chores at '

off times." She concludes,
‘however, that ' ‘The Student
Health Service is ﬂexible and
cooperative and will, of course,
proceed in this matter as re-
quested by superior officers of
the University."

To gain extra respectability the
FQAS is going to join the New
York State First Aid and Volun-
teer Ambulance Association.
They will take part in relay
network in tranporting students
around the state. Bashkoff says
the FQAS will be “comparable
to airy volunteer ambulance ser-
vice in the state.”

Cooperation Essential

It took Bashkoff 21/: years to
bring the FQAS this far. In the
fall of 1970 he and Bob Brody, a
dorm director, combined their
efforts in a series of student
airibrilarice proposals which fail-
ed. In January 1072 Marc Stern
began teaching First Aid on carri-
prrs. graduating over 75 students.
The MitT critirse then graduated
about 00 students.

the FQAS headquarters will
be in Irving lla11.brrt Bashkoff
hopes to be on Dutch Quad next
semester. closet to Ilre infirrnary.
According to Bashkoff. the pro-
cedure will remain for the stu-
dent to call the infirniary iii case
of an emergency. and for the
irrfirrriary to call an ambulance,
hopefully the volunteer one.
Any action taken by the FQAS
will be called into the inlirmary
so that the student‘s health re~
cords can be prrllcd for infor-
riiatiori.

“The orin way for this to
benefit everyone." said Basltk»

off, “is for the Five Quad Ambu-
lance to work in very close
conjunction wrtli the student
health service and security."
This cooperation will be essen-
tial. The real test for the FQAS
will begin on March 1.

AU. you CON MAN! I WIYN
ALL DINNER5 ~ CHOIC‘ OF
DRESSMO INCLDLUE cause

 

1 Help Wanted

Two special student assistants for Central Council.

be helpful.

rewarding.

 

No real experience necessary, but typing skill would

Approximately 10 hours per week for the rest of the
semester, on a flexible schedule.

Pay is fair and job should be interesting and

Must have a pleasant and friendly disposition.

Apply in CC 346 before February 8.

Funded by Student Tax

 

 

 

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 6, I973

  

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE THREE

  
         

  
  

   

a;

   
   
 
  
   
   
  
 
    
  
    
   
   
    
  
  
   
    
   
  
     
  
  
  
  
    
     
    
   
    
  
      
  

“water-s aw " ’
«ca-mu”.-

 

:.~ :3» anyqi-l .

F.

       
       

-......._ A-.- ._.

             
              
                 
   
   
   
     
      
          
           

 

 

  
     

