 

 

Benezet Rejects Most Student Demands

ceived. Benezet said he was “concerned”
at the procedures as they currently exist
and the “uneven” degree of student
participation at various stages of the
process. He said he “was prepared to ask"
for establishment of such a committee to
review tenure procedures and that the
committee should report back to him and
the University Senate next year. But he
did not detail the student-faculty break-
down on the committee.

Benezet tossed back the fourth student
demand  50-50 stiiderit~faculty repre-
sentation on departmental committees
and the Council on Promotion and Ten-
ure  by asserting the responsibility for
sticli action rOSts with the individual
schools involved and the University Seri-
ate. “it is a matter ofschool governance,"
he said, "which cart be worked out in any
way the school governance systems de-
cide."

Students also demanded the abolitoii of
the de facto quota system at the univer-
sity  a system that sets limits on the
number ofteriured faculty under employ-
ment. Benezet said quotas on tenured
faculty are necessary to preserve “ﬂuidity
and ﬂexibility for the faculty of the
future" and that “any live university has
flexibility" The Albany State president
said the sixth student demaitd  a pres-
idential directive stressing diviersity, aca-
demic freedom arid strident participation
“throughout the university system" 

 

 

 

 

 

 

crticy lll university decision making. The
day of the strong itiari is gone. Things
have changed, and the university cart no
longer be lull in a manner more appro-
priate to 1035. There are the reslivc
students to contend with. There is an
increasingly independent union-minded
faculty. There is a ticw emphasis on
quality teaching, rather than pedantic
research.

None of this sits well with the old
concepts of how a university should operate.

    

i. Mover Hunsberger
At the meeting iii the ballroom Wcil
nesday afternoon a number oi pcoplc
pointed out sittiiltrritics lictwecri tlic \illttt‘
lion here and Watergate. 'llicy Hilllllriliftl
llIL‘ “covcr-iip" activrtics oi the lit-ric/ct
administration wttli thosc iii the Nison
ailttitiitstialtiiii.
llic torirparisoiis Willi Walcigati- go
tlccpcr tliati that. lit the W‘itcrgatc 'aair
ilal, tlrc burglars saw tlic ends as pisliiyirig
the means. It was deemed acceptable to do
:iri\tliirig - cvcii liurglari/c
atlitcvc llll'll ciid

ill order to
Hwy wvrr- Ianatrral
:iiiti (‘oiinniinrsts

So it is Willl Dean lliirisbcrget, although
his end is different. He is pushing for his
owti conception of "excellence," Ill
which it is apparently acceptable to per-
l'oriit “questionable activities" of the type
charged liy U. Mass professors and
sources here in Albany, and reported in
the ASI’.

lt iii all for the sake of "excellence."

was unnecessary. The university already
encourages diversity, Benezet said, and
academic freedom exists. He added
“there is more student participation at
this university than at any university I
know of."

With that, Benezet sat down and them
bers of the negotiating committee rose to
speak.

Harry Weintratib strode to the ptitlttlilr
and told his audience: “Whenever yoir'ii-
talking with administrators, ii's a tor,
trating experience...Di'. Benezet has ,I.,.-
acterized oirr complaints and demand» .-
calling otir whole univeristy C(illiltlllittH
into question..."l‘lie question is the our
peteiicy of one man in this UanCHil), t 
us remember that a system is trianncd 
individuals that act. hopefully writ. r
conscience.

“When someone breaks tlic lllli's 5
doesn‘t hide within the system. .I iii .
deal with Sirotkin. licnezet and llitlr
herger  not the Vice-President. llii
President, or the Deati.

“The President is a very slick man \lr
Sirotkiri is also. The elusive Dean lllitll
berger) is iilso...we wartt ilicst- ill.tlr'i
investigated. Until he (licnc/t-ti id,
such action, we cart only Vtcw l|l|l| \wi
extreme suspicion and distrust."

Weiiitraiib sat down to tliiiridcroir. ;
plaiisc as other members of tlic Sir-vino
('ornmittec  Rick Ginsberg, liairi ll.i.t
and Chris Masterson  stcppctl lo -i
podiiitti and sounded similar tlictncu.

(itiisbcrg said: “We need a coriinniio '

research this whole question of ill .r

Hunsberger" l);rvts commented "I p

now nobody has tirade airy charge~ \lr ‘

l'rti going to make sortie." llc worn on ‘

accuse l'ltrnsbcrgcr oi ignoring Iiiil
grievances and iiccils. And (‘liri- \l

tersori, calling llurrsbcrgci “nioralli it it

hensiblc,” told her audience “\Vt-  i
to get answers."

lint throughout the heated Ilii’liitr
Bette/ct remained calm, withing to ll
wcr questions directly and pri'ii-rrir.
let others speak.

l'aculiy tricirilicrs (‘itrtis Smith It
l’cltoii. Nathan l'itcilriiair. ( .’tIIil\ n \\r
iriari and Walter (ioldstcm y.t\i‘ |
speeches to the audience. Ilrr-n iirow
iritcrspcrscd wrtli short question .tltii o
wcr sessions bctwccri lit-ric/t-t and
audience.

As illL' meeting continued IlllIi ii ‘i. r
hour, strident spokcsmcii told llit rid
icnce to break for dinner ti llrcv or it it
to return til is part. ioi :t second llli't'lll‘.
By 3 lil. Ilene/ct had stcppt-il lthtr it
podtiirii and it'll tlic tl\\ttiill"
gallicring...oi stiulcrits and liltlllli ‘
hind.

later that night. sonic |.?‘i ‘rlllililrl
rcasscnililcil llI llic liiillriiorn and. .tllit
short distiission oi tactics, llltiti'tl to no
liiisiriess
giiiiip til
clcctcil slitdciii lcailcts Mll'lllt‘ll‘ root
illii'. Willi scvcral Albany llltilt‘» too i

Administration
administrators and iii in t.

litlllltlitip \

and | [Vii linitlciu. dist il‘r‘rltl)’ plans l'it in
\t'.ll“~( itlllltlllllll‘y lltiiwi »I|‘. lli‘.

llri‘ 'rlltllt'lli'i. Icil lr\ iliir. \li'

.iriii biaty larll, csplaiiri'ii In llii til
istrators, students and thlt li'.l|l|'l it
they wcri‘ llicri- lici .ill‘it' iii llli‘ "trip: o
of tlic \llllrtlttitl on campus

The students said they wiiiilil lI‘-i\i I'
requested to do so but Vitcl’ri-siriirri
liittis Wolt‘lt ripologiacd lo lllt‘ torn
niuiiity members and quickly ad|u|t||ti"l
the meeting.

The students their began discussing l-n
tictil questions. The meeting culminated
about 45 minutes later, with the call for
yesterday's tilt-in in President llerie/ct's
office.

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

bY N 39"" were mapping plans for next year‘s Com-
President Louis T. Benezet publicly munity-University Day with admin-
spurned student demands for the investi- istrators and students. But Benezet had
gation and suspension of Arts and Scl- not_been invited to attend the session and
ences Dean I. Meyer Hunsberger Wednes- Vice-President Louis Welch short-
day afternoon, saying such action could circuited the student plan by quickly
come only after "direct" and “reason- adjourning the gathering.
able” evidence was presented to him. The afternoon Campus Center meeting
The SUNYA President, making his first began with Benezet reading the demands
PUbllC appearance Since the escalating to the audience and observing: “What is
Pfomotion 30d tenure diSPUie began. als0 being held in question liere...is an entire
rejected student calls for a review of university system." He then responded,
tenure C3595 Already dCClded point by point, to the student demands.
in il 510"“3/ 5°55l0" before “mic 600 Suspended faculty could not be rehired,
“Udell” and fut-“11y in “19 Campus cen- he explained, because the necessary
fer Bullroon. Bene'lcl elidmsed the idea budget lines had already been committed
of a review committee that would investi- [0 new {my members, reassigncd‘ 0,
Sim Pwmmio“ and “mu”: Prim“lures “1 used for recruitment purposes. “There is
the university. But he did not outline the no practical possibility," Benezet said,
(We'll 0f ll“? “’19 “Udell” WOUld Play on “of retaining people already terminated."
SUClluwmmiiicct l’le termed the second demand  the
The public meeting was the highlight of call for llurisberger’s ouster  a “pretty
Wednesday’s’protesl actiViliCS. Earlier ill serious thing" and said an investigation
the day, students staged a brief sit—iii at might best be ordered by the University
the president’s ofﬁce whileanegotiating‘ Senate or University (‘ouiicil (local board
committee met with him. Later Wed- of trustees). At any rate, Benezet ex<
nesday night, I25 students met in the plairted suspension could not cottte about
Campus Center Ballroom, discussed rac- without a hearing  and there ltas been
tics and strategy, and walked en rnasse to no direct evidertcc of formal charges to
the Business Administration buildirtg. warrant a hearing.
There, they hoped to confront Benezet “l respect Dean llunsberger‘s corti-
with their detttands arid to tiriderscore the rtirtiiieni to his duties," Benezet added.
seriousness oftlie teiture issue by bringing The call for the establishment of a
it to the attention of several leading review committee todealwitli proriiotioit
Albany community leaders. The leaders appointments was rttore favorably re-
" O
unsberger - A Controversrol Mon
0
by Glenn Von Nosmz cause these convtcttoiis. as honest as they
At a meeting With the student sit-iii might be, are anathema to too many
Steering (‘orttrnittce Wednesday after- people on this caiirpiis. He believes in
noon. President Louis T. Benezet corn- excellence. but his concept of excellence
merited that. “l. Moyet Hunsberger is a is entirely different fiorii ('urtis Smith‘s,
controversial man." Leroy Pelton's, or Robert Allen's. 'l'hey
Although this may appear to be a gross dislike the use of the word "rigor" in
understatement, it does nevertheless say a some of his transmittal letters. They
I01. Fm the gm ,3 gm Dean Hrmshcrgcr disagree with his criiphasrs on the “al~
is perhaps the most controversial admin- Hitglity Ph.l)." And they are upset when
istrattir this university has ever seen. The excellence is equated with large amounts
pwmdcm wubnghp of advanced research produced by pro-
Unfortunately, however, the deeper rear fcssors hidden away in their laboratories.
sorts for his controversial nature have Alld So there has been conflict - l)L'-
been (uncured m much of the dim-“5w,” tween the Dean and his interpretation of
heard “I [he mums“ mew”,th and “Hm excellence arid the interpretation llt‘ltl by
ll is not only the allegations tirade by “mlan “WI 1' lull!“ PWHUH til the
professors here and at the University of iuculty.
Massachusetts about “serious tiiisdceds" ()iic professor at U. Mass called
that make liitii controversial. And it is riot Hunsberger and "adriiirnstrator ol the old
due merely to the stands he has lakcti on style." Another one said that he tries to
tenure cases. It has rriorc todowith style run a “tight ship" With his subordinates
and \Mlll his own personal corrvtctioiis, iirrnly under his control. And still
lie is a rriari with sortie very dci'tnitt- atiotlicr called liiiri air "cxi-t-llciii or-
ideas - about students. about research, gain/er."
and about academic excellence. And as However, as man) pcoplc here at
one professor recently retriarkcd, “lie is SllNYA sec it. that style ot running a
perhaps the iiily riiaii in this admin university was imc two dccadcs ago. lliit
istttitioti who stands tip to.liis Lt|l|\ \ltiLL‘ that llllll‘ wc havc won the free
tctioirs, speech IlltiVL‘lllt‘lll start at licrkcly as well
Mitch oi the trouble has resulted be as tlic crisiimg rrrovc toward grcaicr ilcnio-
} lccliriical Advertising
a: lot) titllt‘dt Irriritt iriiilt‘
[younde m [9/6 in t tiatt irritlti tiesiiroriri
thll lleyl'l ' ~ .
Editor-in-Chiol Lditorial Pages circulation Bugliifiifrirk
arirr r: hooker UMY 'IU-ld'd' rot. worm lorry alliiui til
News ANS Exchange Ad Production
9'3"“ V0" "0‘le d’ldY Valley mark ltit;oisky dobliie kaerrieii
"“HUY ﬁlm'd” ‘ '1'” WWW Photography sheila ‘.(.llt!itk0lll
kill‘l'Y "‘ “‘5'”: Sports Jay rosenberi) ‘N'Y 5“”"""
Off Campus tiruce maggin day/[d gldwsky Claw“ Id Ad.
bob rnayer ken ardoirio ' L 3
ddnny '0” tuririud by student to: can”, ganok
Preview oiitrar C(lfi'lf) rilitiriu 4b] Zilli) Grafﬂll
rest“, day” oririiirtal policy is dutiirriirririd by Iiinl rittririiil lioiirii. yum “may
PAGE TWO
egg-mm i“ ’v '

 

FRIDAY, MAY ll, 1973

 

 

 

 

 

Students Continue Sit-in: Demand Reform

by Bob Mayer

Some 50 students vowed to continue
their sit-in last night on the 2nd floor of
the administration building. The action
which had begun yesterday afternoon did
not end with an administration press
release that announced the departure of
Dean l. Moyer Hunsberger

Over l00 students began the occupation
of the president's outer office early yes-
terday afternoon hoping to receive frortr
Benezet some assurance that their
demands would be met. When President
Benezet failed to arrive at his office late
yesterday afternoon, the protesters‘ tanks
were ctit iii half.

Students occupied their time discussing
future strategy and placing signs on the
walls of the outer office. The (‘ollcgc of
Arts arid Sciences lounge. plttstcrcrl wrtli
signs reading, "Quiet. Library," bcctnnc it
place where students tcadicd themselves
for upcoming finals. A sign that was
taped to one udlltllllsilttitit"\ oificc rcad,
“McDonald’s announces the H4 lb. lliitrs-
berger."

After seven hours of waiting, the stu-
dents heard Rick Ginsberg. a member of
the steering committee. read the uriivcr-
sity's official announcement regarding
llurisberger's termination as Dean of the
Arts & Sciences college.

The reading brought continuous out»
breaks of laughter as (itiisbcrg read llirnu
bergcr's statement. It included such ic-
marks as “l have apprcciair-rl lllt' oppor-
tiitiity to work With lilLllll\. .iodi-nts.
and adtiiiiiistiatois..." wllt'll (inislicrg
continued reading the Dean's ri-maiks ~
"It is with mixed emotions that Itoritcm-
plate this move..." Mickey (art-cit. a
student, said, “ch. fcar and more icar."

Dean lliinsbcrgct's closing month was.
“I am convinced that SllNYA 1‘. well on
its way to becoming a linivr-rsrty ('ciitcr

(Ginsberg. ii icfcr-

of true cxccllcritc."
ence to the Dean's resignation. was quick
to say. “and we are one step t lost-i now."

The students do not tcgaril tlii- .lltr
noitnccmerit of lliinslicigcr‘s transit-r as a
inaioi' Victory. Their gcnctal \tillLL‘lIl iiow
l.\ that the other issues may be obsturcrl
in light oi llunshcigci's :rbscncc frorii
the university. (itirsbctg said lliai the

students still supported an investigation
of Hunsberger's hiring and noted: “The
point is not Hunsberger; it is what he
stood for."

Some students expressed concern about
the Dean’s replacement. They noted that
the new person will probalby be chosen
during the summer when most students
will not be available to work with the
new search committee. Mickey Greene
ternarde that, “the way Dcans are
chosen should be it number one demand."

The students felt that one reason Ilen-
c/ct refused to call ati investigation of
lluiisbcrger at Wednesday‘s meeting was
because of his knowledge that the Dean
was lcavtrig SUNYA. ll be had done so,
they tliillll. he may have feared the
possibility oi appearing to have capit-
iilated to student derriands.

lltc goals of the students, who have
openly derrionstratcd their grievances
erh the protiiotiori rind tertttre system,
were expressed by Patty Lipsltutz, ti
graduating senior, and a week-long par~
trcrparit iii the stiiderii events. Sheex‘
plaiiicd.“Students are attempting to
show the importance in the university
system. They arc riot Working against ilie
iacrilly, but for a more integrated corti-
rniinity of people in search of fair and
equal education."

Wlicrc lltc students go now is not quite
icrtarn. They are hoping to speak wrtli
l’icsidciit llciic/ct sorticttriie today pro~
vrdirig lic cart be located. The group is
anxious to work out something with the
President before the long summer recess
begins. 'l’licy anticipate difficulties in
mobili/ing stiidcnts early next liall.

('liris Mtistcrson, a spokeswoman for the
steering committee expressed tltal tiri-
certainty saying “We would like sortie-
how to tie a ribhori aoiirttd this u we
don’t know where we stand. Benezet has
left too many questions unanswered."

Dean I. Moyet lliirishergcr may not be
.rblc to e. his ptolilcrris easily. Stir-
tlt'lli\ plcdgcd last night to inform their
collcgncs at ()klzihornti about the tri
lorriitition that has appeared iii the
Albany S/tiili'nl Press, and the dilficultii's
he encountered here at SllNYA

 

 

The steering committee meets to discuss strategy
while others wait for Prciiiderit lie-newt who rte-
vcr returned to hiii office.

       

Students continued to occupy President Benezet’s outer ofﬁce

    

throughout the night awaiting word on their demands for promo-

tion and tenure reform.

Council Asks investigation

Received Faculty Complaints

by Ann E. Bunker

"I t'ltnrgt' “I'll” l. Mover lIitIii'Iit'rgt'r with
an arrognirl t‘rHIlt'Itt/ll for stride/Hr. good
(cur/ring mul l/tc rIr'IIiorru/I't' prur't'ss. " --
('irrlt'x ('_ Sim/Ii, It'rig/rxlr.

"Dean /lti/i.\'/)r'rgt'r '.i ft‘llt‘l' of (rnrislrtilml
(Ito's/urinal the t/t‘t‘fd'litll of NW dt‘lltlrl-
IIll'III to recommend me for continuing
tilt/Jillllflllt’lll. lﬁnil Ilii't r/ixltrrliiiig. It is
llltlft'll/ll’t' of a distrust on the purl oft/Ir
uilliirliti'lrnlor o] u tlt’lmr/Illt‘lll '.i' tl/)flilll' lo
Illllkt‘ t/t‘t'l.\'ittll.\' affecting its [it/ure. " »-
K.l). llrlrlzcll, Mll.\'ft'.

ml:llllft'llf oflii't' ui'liiirii along Ilicrc liner
is his unwillingness to give any exp/aria-
Iron nflti'i‘ L/t‘t'l.\'fttll " ~ li‘r'nt' Print, Music.

('hargcs such as tlicsc prompted ('cntral
('oiiricil Tlttltstlit)’ night to enact a bill
dcritrindrng the appointment by President
Ilene/ct iii a committee to l|l\'t‘\ll)tit|L' thc
lacts licliind l)cari lltrnslicrgcr's pronto-
Iton arid Iciiurc decisions

The (‘oiini‘il bill, Wlllt‘ll passed by a
Vtilt't' vote, iliiccts that a tortitirttlcc
coiiipriscrl of ich stittlcrils. tlricc iaculty
Illcllllict's and two iltllllllll‘rllillttl‘i be tip
pointed to invositgati' lllL' t'liaigt's lrrtlgcd
against lliitisbcrgcr lllt' ioniniiitcc is to
report on its findings to lllt' St-ptciiibcr
lti meeting of ('critial ('oiiricil

('oiiiplaints Lodged

liorrtnil sttttciricnis Wt‘lL' prepared and
siibirrttled to student government repre-
sentatives by faculty members dissatisﬁed

7 _. m,

. M;

with llutisbcrger's performance, The
statements caitte in reaction to Presidetit
lieitclet's clairit that he had received
“no...direct evidence“ regarding charges
of llunslierger‘s malfeasance in office.

A nurtiber of those letters were attached
to the Council bill. The allegations ran
frortt claims that Hunsberger “creates his
own standards" for itidging a teacher's
effectiveness to the contention that he
"interfered with the normal working" of
a department to remove two faculty
positions currently occupied by “contro-
versial” people.

Faculty members submitting complaints
represented a near cross-section of the
departments under the ('ollege of Arts
and Sciences, oi which lliinshergei is
dcaii

iii" to be Shared

Discussion in ('oiincil yielded the sug-
gcstrori that copies of the bill be sent to
the student government at the lliiivcrstty
oi ()klrtlioitia, wlicic lliiiisbctget has ac-
tcptcd a positron ci'icctivc August lsl.
lcadcis oi the nioVi-rnctii to oust lluris-
lit-rch indicated that steps would be
taken to iiiloirii llIL' sitiilcni iody at lllt'
()kltihorna \;Illl|)li\ iii lliinslicrgci's iciord
here and at ll. Mass Said VtL't" l’lt'sltlt‘ltl'
i-lcct liaiiy l)avts, "it would bc doing dll
injustice to them it we did riot want
them."

lit-riioristriitors prepare
fora long night in the
atlriiinistratioii build-
irig by bringing every-
thing» including their
children.

 

 

 

 

FRIDAY, MAY 11, 1973

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE THREE

 

