 

 

 

 

 

magma parades
petitions
‘1 The angry marches

 for all the times you

  . Ioolredata

 1 headlineandsaid,
 "Theremusthesomgthing
’ morewecan

 

‘ ' * ': 7”"..4’1iéﬁ M70000
’ W ants in Israel

  
  

 There is one thing and only one thing
. left to do

‘ The Answer is with

 

  
 
    
      
     
         
      
        
     
         
          
       
      
      
 
   

 

          
    

ADI-BEN ZVI

VICE CONSUL for the State of Israel

Apr“ 1,1973 Admission FREE
cc  5 Complementary Dinner

will be served
also award winning film: "Panorama Golda Meir"

       
      

For Information Call:
Student Achievement By Relevant Action

Leslie Liebman 457—5283 Steve Show 457-7795
Joyce Boer 457-5283 Marv Stark 457—8740

KEEP THE PROMISE

        
     
 
    

 

 

 

 

 

WS BRIE

 

edited by Dan Ross
International

PARIS
An estimated 50,000 high school students marched in Paris \Ii'iri-ls

last week to protest a change in the French draft law. In il(I(I|IIli|i
the French Ministry of Education has stated that heiwr-m .r.
percent and 80 percent of all the high school students in Frttiit'ir innit
been participating in a student strike which has closed down rlo/i Ii._
of SC 00 s.

The reason for the strikes and protests is a new draft act [Il'liHsiiir
known as the "Debre Law." The Debre Law does away With \Illlli- -
draft deferments — and requires that all young men put in .ii i.
one year in government service before their 22nd l)lrl.ll(ltl)\ ii"
the new law was enacted, students were permitted to ('tilnlﬂi-lr v-
college educations before entering military .‘ict'VlCI‘.

/\\

National

WASHINGTON

Now that the U.S. troops are only one day away from in»
South Vietnam, Sen. J. W. Fulbright wants to know how Illi ‘
administration justifies continued American bombing llllx~ r
Cambodia.

“What are American forces doing in Cambodia" Whom
striking? Whom are we supplying" Ilow niaiiy f\nll'll|illi\ .-
Uamhodia, in or out of uniform? By what authority is llll 1
States carrying on any military rictivrliirs in (‘aniliorlia‘."'

vI‘host- were some of the questions posed Tuesday In from
D-Ark, chairman of the Senate Fort‘lgii Rrilatioiis (‘oniniain

It is rmpcrativv. said Fulbright, that the .lfll]I|Iil\ll'itIlUll t»
t‘amliridian policy. or “I see no t'rrursr- other than ii i
hearing With the secretary of static to explori- this \lllilt'tl ill

W.-\SIIIN(ETON

The crowd volt.- is likely in the House rii-xt wr-i‘k on .. s 3‘
xiii-ation.i|~ri-halirhtrilion I)III. vetoed by President Ni\rri. to r
year‘s l-lral showdown on spending \vitli IIH‘ Iii-nioi'i'aio rw ‘
l'trngri'ss

'I'lii- Si-nriti- I\ I‘X|)l‘('lt‘(l to muster Illt' iirwrlrrl lwu rr llrl
ori'rrirli- Nixon's veto when it takes up llit‘ nii'asuriv lli -i
The House outlook is considered uncertain

'I'liough both IIUIIM‘ and Senate passed the Iiill lr‘.
rriargins. .i llousv moi/e hacked by the Nixon .iilirriii
rl‘(Illt'l‘ II was beaten on a relatively ("low 21.‘. liiii coin

'I'hc measure. a three-year extension of the program :rr
grants to llll' status for the physically and mentally liaiiilrr r
the first of Ill hills \'l'ltll'(l by Nixon l.rsi _\'I'.’Ii'. rilll’i i
adjourned, to moi-t tlir- same late after i'i-passagc this yruir

WASHINGTON

The President's Commission on Marijuana and Drug .\lrlr -
that marijuana is now the third most popular drug in Mr-
Status In numbers of users. pot trails only alcohol, \\'ll|l n
place, and tobacco, in second.

The (Toinmissiou estimates that If) pl'l't‘t‘lll of all .\llil'ii| :r
Iii! million people in the U H have Iil'l‘ll alitlil‘tl rill riot
titlt't‘ In addition, the UH 'I'i‘i-asur)’ has reported tir~'
confiscation of Ill‘l‘lilll last year dropped to half llil' pi: 
total. Illiill|llilllrl wi/urr-s (ltllllill‘ll to i‘i'gii_iiirti Irtrlllill
iilfit'ials irsliriiati- tli:it Illl' .inirrtiiit iil nirii'iiuaiiri \I'I/l'll
only about lli pr-r'r-r-nt oI ilir- gi':r~.s illi'ii'\~llill\ import-vi
iriuntr'\ 'l'lial iiir-riiis llll' grass making |l \illl'l‘y IIIIH ‘1'-

Striti-x i-ar'li \t‘.t| ,iiiirriiiiin Itl \Irllll‘llllllu Illui ~Vi\ Illlllliili :

'I'lli‘ iii.ii'i|tt.iii.i llIlIriIIl.Illir[l lr‘arisfia INHIII‘V iiiii ‘ii.

iriiprrrl .i\i-i.igi- iit I‘ijllrl tiiir- .i il.i\

State

ALBANY

.\ pililr-ss iii-rsori could draw urii-riipliiyriirrir Iil'llt'IIIN or
.i wot-It. insti-ail ol llll‘ pri-si-ut ril'r'ii, ttlltll’l .i irrrilvrrf'
Illlrl)(l\lt'(‘tI by (luv Nelson A llrrr‘lii-l'i'IIi-i to iriipioi-
benefits in New York State

Ullt' nit-risuri- would llll'l’l'dM' from $03 to Mt!” tIr- 'I
wet-lily brui'fil tor tr-mpoi‘iin Joli Il‘lrtlt'll iol.il iII\.|Illltl\ tr
30?“) lo fitttl .i Week the Ill.|.‘(llllllllt for lll‘llllillll‘lll diatom
ti-rnpor’ai‘i partial rlimiliililv

ALBANY

Illnlll‘illlt'i r-oniprinii-i.’ profits on IIII‘ policies the) \\Illr oi -“

states now no fault autoirioliili- tllhlllillil'l‘ l.i\\ woiriil lr
liriiilr-il liy Ivgiiiliiiion |)|’Il|)t)r~.i'il by eight I)i‘l|ltl1‘litllt' .tswriitrli

'I'lil' llIIl, Wlllt‘Il the right IIi'irior-rrils wiil lrii ‘rl\||I\ In \
Speaker l’r-i'i‘y liui’yr-ri riii 'l'iir-adiry. wriiilrl lririit Illt' i'orHIMl“
Ill'l‘l't‘lll profit on pri-Iiirunis liii' [Illlll‘ll‘h WIIIII'II uridi-i iiii rr~ 
and no more than '] IH‘I'I'I‘III on IIIVl'hlllll‘lll of llittlll‘\ iolII'
IIItIhl.‘ polii-ii-s

Insurance company profits Wl'lt' under illlill'lt IrirIH "
tIlrI‘t‘llUll, as "II'IIIIH‘Th of lhi‘ Asst-iiilily |iii.iir:oir'r- t'iiiiiiiiirii-
Iltllllilllllll Si'lii-iii‘li. nliili- nlllli‘l’tllll'lltll‘lll iil irisuiiiiirr
profits the companies lIlIVl' Iii-r-ii allowed to make hurl“
llll'l‘t‘ your old lriw allowing IIII'III to not their own Iillt‘h

\l'

 

    
    

PAGE 'I‘WO

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FRIDAY, MARCH lill. l“/

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

PYE Presents Nader, Events During Earth Week

by Dav/id Lemer

“There is an industrial
polluter in this area. We are
taking air samples from them.
We know they are dumping
wastes into the Hudson River
and there is a possibility that
toxic gases are being released
into the air that may be harmful
to people and animals. We have
io see whether the criiissrons are
within the standards of law."

Ann Dizzard is the chairman of
the industrial polluters com-
mittee. an investigating arm of
I’YE. and I’YE‘s treasurer. She.
along wrtlr several other I’Yli
\roluritccrs have been on the
IIilL'l\ of Albany‘s inrrioi pol-
llllt.'|\ for quite a while, Sonic.
like lobrri Mczii Packing (‘um-
parry have lcll tlic prcssurc.
()lllL‘H. as the one still tirich
invcstigairon above. will feel it
\lltIII

Nader Kicks Off

'Ilic sensational tliiirg they will
do is bring Ralph Nader to
SUNYA's campus on chiics-
da). April 4th in the (iyni.
Ralph Nader costs $4.000 per
vrsrttai least he makes house
calls). I’Yli's birdch for the en—
iirc ycai is 51.000. Said I’Yli
l’r'csrdcrrt (icorgc Kclcsliuiu,“l
lizivc lrrcrids ” ()nc tilli\l be l’rcsA
idcnl BCIH‘ZI'I who announced
his “ileum,” of titltllllg lil‘i
hospitality and financial assist
.rricc to the Nirch cvcrit.

Sonic of the oilicr cvcnts
scheduled for Itiritli chk tIIL‘ a
series of lilrrrs. such as ,l'irlurt'
Shock and along with panel dis-
cussions on Thursday and again
on today I’iiday at the prist-
Nadcr (iyrn Will be an liartli
Dance, lolk and square dancing.
More iriipoiiantly. ilicrc Will be
ii iniissivc clam.in of the Pine
Ihisli \\'tll| r-oopcriition frorri Ilrc
National (itiaid. Ilrc (‘in ol
Albany, tlic l'riivcrsity. and
private lrriiis that have said they
will lend trucks to supplcinciit
lliow of tlic (itiiiid 'lliis
happens Saturday April 7th

Following more films. .1 lil
inrlc Walk loi Writh thlhilllltlll
will iiikc pliicc Sunday. The
w;ilk.rt|iori “as the creation or
llic Sierra t'ollcgc licology ('oni-

mittee with cooperation from
Albany‘s PYE. All sponsor pro-
ceeds will be going to the Delta
Laboratories, an independent
environmental research lab.

The rest of the week will wit-
ness more films and panel dis-
cussions, like one with Commis-
sioner Henry Diamond of the
Environmental Conservation
Department and Mayor Erastus
Corning, as well as others.

Occuring concurrently with
the Earth Week events. a contin-
ually running display. dernoii-
strziting the fruits of a year‘s
labor of all of I’YE‘s volunteers.
Will take over the Campus (‘en-
tcr. Thirty projects, done by
students numbering far more
iliari that. dealing with every
conceivable aspch of tlic
cnvrronnicntal CTISIS. have been
underway srricc llic beginning of
the year.

SUNYA at Fault

| One of the more cnibarriissnig
projects to be shown -IS that
done by Sue Vosslcr on
SUNYA‘s solid waste disposal
system. purportedly as bad as
the 'l’obin (‘oiiipanys One half
of our campus, ll sccnis. dumps
“ll of its raw scwagc untreated
into the l’iitrooii (‘rcckﬁ llic stirric
sitc 'l‘obiii l.\ uccriscd ol
dumping into.

Suggestions to solvc lllL‘ prob~
IL'III liavc irict partial success. Suc
rccconirncnds the use of a dcvrcc
called a icgnrgitator. which
besides costing $20,000. per-
lor'nis tliicc Vital functions. liirsl
ll treats the waste frorri the
school. second. It forms a
by—product, nictliaric. vcry
cffcciivc in producing clccirr-
city. Third, the 10% wasic
rcrnziirriug rificr tlic pooccss IS
converted to lcitiIi/ci

To support her claim that llrc
nictlianc would be an invaluablc
source of cheap L'IL'L‘IIICII).
N.Y.('.'s (‘oii lidlhiul oir 'I‘ucsday
ollcicd tlic (‘iiy govcinnicnt II.\
clcctiiciiy at $0087 pcr kilowatt
hour. as opposed to tlic normal
rate of 3.035 per kilowatt hour
('prr his sudden gciicioxrty was
t'\ll|t\L'tl \ilicri it was learned
that tln‘ criornious :iiiiouni ol
irnuscil riictlianc given off .is ii
byproduct of ticiiiiriciit would

make the city a fierce competi-
tor for Con Ed in producing
electricity.

In another power-related pro-
ject, PYE will attempt to show
the SUNYA power plant how it
dumps soot and other garbage
like 802 in the air and. according
to Dr. Murawski of the Division
of Air Resources. creates “the
situation at SUNY (that) pre-
sents a deﬁnite health hazard to
the residents around the power
plant.“ The project shows the
proposed 100 foot smoke stack.
built identical to the bell tower
in the middle of the fountains.
hrit located between the oil
tanks and the plant. In L‘UIleItlL‘v
iron With the stack the recom-
rnciidurroii that this be supple-
rnciircd by the addition of three
soot collectors. bringing our
total to tour. one for caicli
burncr. 'l'licsc collcciors have the
capacity to handle the soot wc
spit out. each one collects ﬁx
bugs ill .i0lbs. pci bag cicry two
days.

I’Yli continues the drive by
pressing for convcrsiori to dcsul»
firii/cd fuel and nonlcadcd gasor
line for Ilic scrvrcc vehicles and
frcililics. Also they show the

enormous amount of money
spent of fuel, oil, gas, and elec-
tricity every year, the huge sums
wasted, and ways to relieve the
problem.

Projects on Display

Other projects on display on
Earth Week include the state of
our recycling program, which
since Dec. 26, |‘)72 has been in
Phase I of its goals. having large
cans for recyclable paper. cans
and bottles placed on the quads.
Phase 2 .PYE hopes. will see the
inclusion of a bailer for paper,
and two trash cans in every
room Into which. they hope, the
students will sort out their gar-
brigc. Before the Administration
()K‘d Phase I. voluiiiary rc-
cycling campaigns cxrstcd witli
the National (illiird. who
brought the cans and bottles to
(‘initincntal (‘an and ('oca-(‘oltL
respectively.

Then tlicrc arc I’Yli‘s attempts
to make Maiiitrincnce change
frorii corrosive salt for dc~icrng
to citlicr granite. sand or bctlcr
plirwrng, a project demonstrating
the use of pesticides on campus
and suggcstion for more ecologi-
cal allcrniitives. a project

focusing on the campus pond,
which will soon undergo
dredging as it inexorany fills up
with silt from drainage from the
campus; another depicting anti-
cipated improvements in the
campus aesthetics, no mean task
obviously. Included are plans for
landscaping, color painting the
rooms, adding sculpture; in
general, humanizing the Sym-
metrical White Way.

Leaving Earth Week and the
projects, some of PYE‘s other
intentions for the future include
using PYE-owned lab equipment
to act as spot check vigilante on
suspected polluters by taking air,
water and soil samples from the
suspect industry and analyzing
them to determine the extent of
their pollution.

Finally. as always. I’YE con-
tinues to struggle for the survival
of the Pine Bush, which last
wcck made a strong recovery
from the previous setbacks. At
last Monday‘s zoning board
meeting. a stay of execution was
ordered pending submission of
reports pertinent to the case.
But that. as forever is one of
I'YE's continuing sagas.

 

 

Hou in

5 9

t‘rilllfllll('t/ from page one
investigations should not be
"searches" and that appliances
and lounge liirriitiirc should not
bc a iiiriitci for housing concern.
He also says that the only time
rcsidcricc officials should enter
rooms in dining vacation to iri-
spcct "plugs and room clcriii~
-up." Ilc also contends that
“only onc out (I six fircs on
campus could be attributed to
Illcgiil appliances."

Rcsidcncc Director (‘lrarlcs
I‘dSIICI says that housing has

considered announced llin'hlltlll'
iioiis. but sincc tlicy did not
work iii the piixl. IIIL' new uii
iinriouuccd Illillt') had to be
cliiictcd il Ilic ruli's lll llll'
housing contract Wcrc to be up
licld “I'rtlicr do .i\\.i\ with tlrc
iiilcs or do .i iob.~ lislicr tiin
tcnds "Ilii'ic h .i rcxponsibiliti
liiliL' tlii'l u

l‘rslrc‘t iiisistx ilriit lllL‘ .illcgcd
"paranoia" on \tilllllllh ix irri-

founitcd. Ilc says that SIIILL‘

 

7:30

albany state [cinema
Sometimes

A Great Notion
Fri. March 30

’ $.50 with tax and ID. $1.00 w'thout4

Lc 25 
I 0:00 

 

 

IIICIL‘ are “so many master keys
on this campus" held by custo-
dians. R./\.s tIIltI other dorm
staff. II is illogical for students
to immediately point to housing
as the culprit if there is pilfering
doirc in dormitory rooms.
Although the recent rash of
major flies on campus was not
caused by appliances Fischer
says that these illegal cooking
aids are nonetheless hazardous
and tend to mess up residence
halls due to insufficient ventral-
iiori and disposal facilities. Ilc
regrets that llrc dorms were not
constructed to rricct such needs.
As loi
|<'is|ici believes tlial its illcgiil

lounge furniture.

personal use by sludcnts in then
\irrlcs brccds the lack of Iivurg
coriiniuiuty everybody seems to
coniplrirri about. According to
I'lhllL‘l . ilrcic .irc rcasoririblc
lL'Illill ourlils WIIL'tL‘ siudciiis can
purchase luiriiturc. and housing
has no qualms about privalc
furniture liciiig lilth‘tl into dorrii
rooms. lint "coiirniori lliilllllllt‘

 

HENWAYS
Saturday March 31

AMBASTER

from 8:30 - 1:00

50c Admission
\ pita/rm
of beer

ls' for common rise." insists the
Director of Residence.

Student Senator David Hirsch
says he understands all of these
points of View, but still believes
tlial a compromise “in the name
of orr-ciirnpus studct life" must
be met. He and Barry DaVis feel
that the students have compro-
mised already with the expecta-
tion that housing would comprrr
rnisc too. “We have conceded on
every point but one -- students
must be present when searches
are conducted." they claim.

llirscli fccls lliai students have
tlllCtttly‘ made great compromises
in dealing With the searches and
that it is unfair for housing to
make ii policy wrilioui marking
concessions as well. "Students
rniglii as well give up the whole
damned thing." says llirscli. And
in regards to rights. he adds that
"We'ic not il\l\llll_’, for search
warrants, we're asking for some
kind of reasonable procedure."

‘e.

 

 

 

 

 

 

FRIDAY, MARCH '50, 1973

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE THREE

  
 
  
       
   
     
 
  
   
   
   
   
  
  
 
     
    
    
   
     
   
   
    
     
       
   
 
  
     
  

TMW,:.; u .

 

 

   
 

 

