 

 

 

‘  /

Danes Receive ECAC Bid
Tourney Here Friday and Saturday

 

Sm: Unlvmliy a! New York at Albany

 

 

needed

magnien

 

by Bruce Maggin

After two frustrating years, the Albany State
Basketball Team will ﬁnally participate in post-
season play with the naming of the Great Danes to
host the initial ECAC Upstate Tournament.

The first round gets underway Friday night, March
9th. when Union College (14-7) takes on Fredonia
State (15-8) at 7 o'clock while at nine o'clock,
Albany hosts St. Lawrence University (14-9). The
Finals tire the following afternoon with the consola-
tion game starting at two and the championship
match at four. Tickets. which are on sale all week at
the gym from nine to noon and one to four, are
priced at one dollar with student tax and two-fifty
for general admission tickets for each grime.

No decision has been reached at this time con-
cerning the time that the (forms will close. The
problem is that a number of the dorm staff is

when the dorms are finally closed.

Friday Night

Union vs. Fredonia

Danes vs. St. tawrence

 

 

Tull-y, March 6, 1973

 

Albany Finally Receives Tournament Bid

by Bill Heller

The news took an endless week
to be announced, but the Great
Danes ﬁnally learned that they
will host the ECAC upstate
tournament. While not the
NCAA's. the ECAC nonetheless
will give the Danes an oppor

tunity to get some deserved

recognition and offer a chance
for the Albany Seniors to close
their careers in style. More im-
portant, it ﬁnally gives the Great
Danes a post-season bid. Mem-

   

ories: 1971 ~ llartwiek gets an at
large bid Albany, even
though the Danes beat the War
riors at Hartwiek. l972 ‘ A
ridiculous rule concerning Byron
Miller's eligibility bars the Danes
from post season play.

Then this year: the Danes fluc-
tuate from greatness (knocking
off Brockport and Potsdam back
to back-winning the Capitol Dis-
oinVion

over

trict ’l‘ournarnent) to
(losses to Oneontri and I’lath-

burgh). But they refuse to give

A v

magnlnn

up, and by winning their last

five, finish lti-7, get ranked 5th

in NYS, and [hey earn their bid.
***¥**4*ilti

'l‘lie opener will be an interest-
iiig match-up between two srmi
lar teams. Fredonia, 15H, has
one of the best defenses iii the
nation, sticking exclusively With
a tough tone. This year, for the
second straight season. they lost
to Albany in overtime. They like
to play ballgairie
and are led by Gary Hess

Uiiioir, l‘l-7, has beaten it 1’!
and Rochester this year. As l"re
doiua. they lost to Albany in
overtime, The Dutelirnen's top
scorers are Mike Doyle and Toni
Brikker. both
low teens,

St Lawrence. 1 l (i, has knock
ed off the likes of |.eMoynr-,
Rochester, It l' l , l'latls
burgh lake the Danes, they have

a controlled

averaging in the

and

had an up and down season

What of our Dani-s" 'l'he l'roal
stats show the (ilivltiua. Byron
Miller led lllt' team. He wound
up with a Ititl scoring norm
(shooting -l7 1% from the field)
and 77 game. He
bad It games over 2!) Eti, 26, and

rebounds a

Football Goes Varsity

PLEASE RECYCLE THIS PAPER

and worked out his major
problem: inconsistency. John
Quattrocchi averaged 12.9 and
shot 87.5% from the foul line,
finishing in the top five in the
nation on that category. Bob
[{(issi and Reggie Smith rounded
out the scoring, hitting for l l.()
and 9.9 respectively. Bob Curtis's
was the second leading rebound-
er with a (3.8 average.

ll"

One question about the tour-
nament remains unanswered:
will Great Dane fans actually

 

leave a day. a day and a half, or
two days late just to go to the
’l‘ourney‘.’ Hopefully, all the die-
hard Albany fairs will. But what
about the rest‘? What about the
fans that walked out early on
the UB game. that neVer showed
up for Oswego, Geneseo, lthaca‘.’
The same fans that packed the
UniVersity Gym to
Danes heat Brockport and Pots-
dam? Will they be there Friday
night? The Great Danes will
they never give up.

help the

"139"an

page 18

magnlen

   
 

 

 

m u m u “A u m u “l u ii|_ri_llL

  

 

 

I—ixirlir Milli-nitric i-ltiilwiillt.Ilkliithjtlt-IH

SA President Mike Lanipert a
purchase of Waverly Place.

.IltiliilJii|Liii|iiiiri irrrr rim ii iii ii m n in II in rr iii a II I! III in Ill ii in II I“ II in u in II In II III H in n “I n Ill n in II III II III II at |

 

ddresses Council during session concerned with the board hike and

Ill II in II III n in ii m It lll iiiiijt‘i

Stan Uri/vanity of NM York at Albany

Mud! 23, 1973

 

A Y
I Vol. 1.x, No. 9

Sale of Waverly Place Approved

Council Quizzes FSA’s Za

 

person prior to tllt' .iri

Reports of llL‘JVy sn

[llt‘ l

t‘llllltlt'tl

'l‘lu- t.lll\t‘ of

tlgdl't'tlt' Ill

Snuiiiy sourri's see i

[llt‘ past few month

AFD Responds to Fire

Five pieces of apparatus from the Albany Fire Department responded to a
call on Dutch Quad Wednesday night.
Security sources say that the blaze was contained in a trash can on the

seventh floor of Stuyvesant 'l‘owcr, and was put out by an unidentified

'iv.rl of the l’ii'e Department.
iokc prompted the sinnnroriing of the AH). Residents

of lllt‘ tower found refuge in the surrounding low risers but many gathered

outside to view proceedings of the firefighters.

)l.l7t' is l)t'llt‘VL‘tl to bavc bi'r'n .i tarclt'ssly discarded

ashtray. 'l'lie llltlilt‘lll was similar to .iiioilici lite on

lltiiili in |Illtl l’cbr'ntiry, when .i truish bin in Van (iorrlandr flarcrl up.

ro tlillllL't iioii bciwccn this and other i.irirpus fires of

\.

    

 

iliiixiim

 

lllfl‘lf‘IITI m a In H u u

hlllfii-l

 

 

 

 

 

nu mu m irriiirrrr lllllllll ll nu ll Illlﬂllllllllllll ll ii II )lllllllllllll II II Illlllllllllll-IJJI

 

incur a in rr‘ilt'il'ilrinlrrrin ii in ii iii a m n in ii r

 

 

hm on 4% Hike

Next year’s board hike and the proposed Waverly Place purchase
were the primary foci of last night’s Central Council meeting.

E. Norbert Zahm, Director of FSA, was on hand to explain the
necessity of the projected resident student board contracts for next
year. He attributed the necessity to such factors as rising food costs,
the possibility of a hike in the minimum wage, salary increases,and
the general trend in management and support expenses.

Zahm strove to point out that FSA has undergone considerable
expense reduction in recent months, largely by cutting the payroll,
and predicts that the corporation can decrease its expenses still
more. He said, however, that eventually the reductions will level off
because the operating corporation “can’t go beyond a certain low
plateau." “We aren‘t spending any more than we really have to,”
claimed Zahm.

Zahm cmphasiLed the difficulty the corporation has in predicting
an outlook for next year. The projected hike is supposed to be a
reasonable estimate of coverage, taking into account all possible
extenuating circumstances.

When asked if the board hike wasn‘t using students to foot the bill
for other FSA operations, Zahm stated that FSA has “backed
anything out of food service that didn‘t belong there," but he later
conceded that inevrtablc Within the confines of such a corporation
“one end supports another."

Zahm‘s inclusion of salary raises in the list of causes for the hike
prompted a Council member to question whether these benefits
were intended for student employees. While student employees
would benefit from any increase in the minimum wage, and receive a
standard raise with each additional year of employment, Zahm
indicated that there was no intcnion of raismg student salaries above
nammrunrs.

l"SA's current debt hovers somewhere around $500,000. and Zahm
would like to see that debt paid off. He feels a great deal of money is
wasted on interest payments and wants to “build a little cash reserve
so We don‘t have to rely on outsiders." The practice has been to
borrow money to provrde the cash necessary for corporation
operations. “We've got to start back on the road to some kind of
liquidity." The board hike revenues are supposed to help get this
rolling

Not only are board contracts going up, but FSA is "raising prices
lll all areas." The kosher meal plan hike of 8'); was explained in
terms of the greater expense ll entails. The necessin of spectal
preparations makes the operation lar illtiiL' cxpcnswc than regular
iood preparation. l’rice Iiikcs can be expected on cash lines as well as
other l-‘SA-run operations.

'l‘lrc question of the role of the bookstore was also dealt Willi.
(‘urrcnily, FSA is trying to unload n on an outsrdc company. Zahm
explained that FSA would be better off if they sold the Bookstore
and collected a percentage from ii. l'lc conceded that the bookstore
operation is no moncy~makcrz “l doubt if any book store is going to
come in here and make airy money.” Hc said, however, that a
company would come in, willingio perhaps take a loss “just to get a
foothold in the State University system."

Expenditure O.K.‘d

SA, President Mike Lampert dealt with an explanation of the
Waverly Place purchase approval. He fielded questions regarding the
necessity of the move, the practicality of it, and future implications
of such action. Of primary concern to those on hand were the
expense to S.A., legal complications over an access road and whether
or riot the purchase will be in the best interest ofSUNYA students.
Larripcrt seemed to feel that, all things being considered. the move
would be a Wise one. After dlSCUSSlUn, Council voted in favor oi the
proposal to appropriate student funds for the purchase.

Housing Recommendation Passed

(‘ouncil also considered a bill sponsored by the Political and Social
l’osiiion ('oninritlcr' in accordance Willi the recent opinion poll on
housing, calling for the allowance of privatelysuwncd relrrgcrators.
and terrain cooking appliances in the dormitories. utilization of
lounge furniture in rooms, possession of certain types oi pets.
meaningful student irivolveriicni lll lllL‘ tliawmg up of the housing
contract, and termination of room searches and inspections. llie
rci-oniriicndairoii passed and Will he presented to officials.

(‘opics of die Budget (‘onumiicc recommendations were tll.\'~
iiihutcd to Council Members for their consrdcration as well.

 
 
     

   
  
 
     
 
 
   
  
  
   
   
    
    
  
 
 
 
  
   
   
    
  
        

«a

  
   
   
 
   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 
   

