 

 
 
       
   

Stare Unlvnmy a! New York at Albany Fr/day, Mere/i 2 1973

  

/.ai spo

 

 
  
 

Potsdam, RPI Picked For The NCAA’s
Albany looks To The ECAC's

by Bruce Maggin

The Albany State Basketball Team's hopes for postseason play
now rest upon the ECAC selection committee with the naming of
Potsdam as the fourth entry in the regionals by the NCAA. The
NCAA will probably pick two more teams to complete the field,
including RPI. Albany. however, isn't in the running for the remain-
ing spot because only two teams are allowed from one conference.
Brockport and Potsdam will represent the SUNYAC.

The teams that appear under consideration for the ECAC upstate
tournament are Union, Siena, St. Lawrence, Rochester, St. John's
Fisher, LeMoyne and Albany. Albany‘s chances for a bid in this four
team tourney are excellent. They have the best record of any of the
other teams. The bids will be announced this weekend. There is a
good chance that Albanywillhost the ECAC'sThe only problem is that
the dates for the tourney are on March 9 and It). This conflicts with
vacation. Hopefully. if the tourney is held here, some arrangement
can be made to keep the dorms open an extra day or have the finals
played on the afternoon of the tenth.

1553mm;

‘:

      

1.“...

photos by rob niagriicn

 

7/.

7 .. . ' . r

It was seniors' night Wednesday for the Albany State Great Danes graduating hallplriyers The to ' 0‘ i
i .. p senior was co-ca itaii J l it ~ ' '

was [he dmemnce as Albany nipped Williams 83-8" Slmy 0" page ls. l i or Quattrocclii whose foul shot (pictured bottom right)

i

Cagers, Pups, Wrestlers All Win pages 14, 15

 

 

lampert on FSA:
'...But the Survival of t

by J.S. Flavin

November, 197]. Executive
Director of Faculty Student
Association Robert Cooley
presents "his" budget to the
board. Cooley‘s ctirc to FSA's
ﬁnancial woes: a fifty dollar
trike iir resident board contracts.

The key student representative
on the FSA board. Micliacl
Lampcrt. approves of the hike.
Reason: “The hike is necessary
for the survival of FSA." How-
cvcr. general student unrest och
tltc exploitation of rcsrdciit
students persuades the board to
adopt art “austerity butlch
calling for grcatcr cll'icicncics in
the FSA opcratioti and .i cut
brick in all ISA program items,"

Non- ,t\ tlt'\\ l1\t'cllll\‘c |)ircc»
tor. Norbert /..iltrri. is calling lot
;i 4'? ricross-tlic-board litkc in all
l'SA Food Scrvicc units and

board contracts

"I run \llll ill lavor of .i hike in
board contracts in principle."
lrirripcrt explains. “Thc rcason l
was against voting for thc 4’4

The University Parking Situation as it Stands Now

Parking Changes Outlined Appeals Committee Appointed

March l‘). 107}. the day that clrisscs rcstirric rittcr thc Spittig brcrik.

Begiruting Monday,

increase was I wanted to see the
figures first and do my own
computations. I am convinced
that a hike is necessary. but I/
want to see the figures first

.loel Lustig. a student FSA
board director. wants to see an
entire FSA budget. but Zahm
claims he does not have ade-
quate time to draw tip an entire
fiscal budget. Students are spcce
ulating that Ztilrm is holding otit
for the 4% increase so more
funds tittly be appropriated to
program expenditures tutti/UT
tcwcr' cuts iii l:SA lostng opcrti-

llttllx

Lririipcrt maintains that
enough of past sludge has been
raked to the surface and that it
is now tirric to \.r\ "whcrc :irc
we no“ and wlicrc do wc \y.iiit

ltigti H

In ttiirncss. | .itnpcrt iiotcs that
tlictc .nc noti loin \otirig \tllr
tlL'tll\ on I‘SAS boriid 'lhrcc
)’L'lll\ ago there “.15 only onc
Also. the Wliolc board is llt‘“
and ptiits of FSAR iii-.inrigcincrtt
are new.

ALBANY

“There are new people here
now. It was the old FSA corpor-
ation that screwed the students.
The new FSA corporation has to
get the job done. I am troubled
by the fact that FSA needs a
$500,000 buffer to carry it
through hard times and away
from constant batik dependency,
arid that the $500,000 buffer
has to be raised from resident
students. btit survival of the cor-

poration comes first,"

Lanrpert is convrnccd that a
4'}; liikc Will be enough for lJSA
to “get the job done" and stririll
enough to kccp the pressure on
/.:iliiii to ittakc turtlici ct‘l’icicrr-

t'lt‘h

l'hc tutnrr- oi ISA and its role
in tltt' l‘lll\t‘l\ll) (oriirnuritt_\ lh
|tllltlti\ :it [‘lt'\t‘lll l.iritpcrt is
not convinced that I‘SA should
\iltllc IIN “ptotits” directly \\illi
\llltlt'tlh "Wu ‘rtivc Student
.’\\\Ut'l.lll|lll. it is lilt' Icplcxcliltt-
ti\'c or tliL‘ \llltlL‘lll both l am
against rpiath clcttirig directly
liSA board tiicriibcrs l-‘SA
should bc working towards 1|

brcak-cvcri budgct..;iitcr rutsrng

STUDENT a, , 0.
PRESS v1 LX N 14

he Corporation Comes First...’

Last ()ctobcr. a Parking Appeals (‘oiirirtittcc was appointed by thc University

State University of New York at Albany

  

  
 

a half-million dollar buffer sur- Other groups in the University
plus. Proﬁt sharing is not neces- Community, rbesidesF‘SA, will
pick up the funding of events
that the State of New York does
not provide for. Then FSA will
be out of that business, and
perhaps resident students will ,
not have to carry its burdens.

 

 

 

 

 

 

sary. There is no direct correla-
tion between number of pro-
posals on a ballot and the degree
of representation of those
voting. There are limits to parti-

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

cipatory democracy ."

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 ', v

“I am convinced that a (board) hike is necessary." -- Michael Lampert.

 

 

 

SA President

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

I With written appeals from persons rcccivrng tickets issued

Chc‘t‘plltttl ol lots 3 and 4 tlocritcd south ol the

all uptown parking lots With the
on ii first-conic. first-serve basis.

AtilllllllSltillltill ('ir"' “rand tltc Vis'itoi's lot Will he
stilts iioiii riioriths oi ll.l>\lltlg over the parking Slltttlltt)ll.'TllC move to
dcscgicgatc parking lots was lriitiatcd early last semester when drscoritcrit was voiccd
over the priority parking policy ci'l'cctcd and enforced by Security. Under that policy.
rcsrdcnt students were delegated to the tear of the lots. whilc coiirinutcrs had thc middle
section and t’actilty/stril'l’thc scction closest to the poditiiri.

Opponents of segregated parking urgucd that the practice was unfair and discriiitrri-
.itory. and advocated opcri parking on a liist»conic. first-serve basis.

lust ()ctobcr. dissatisfied wtllr tltc Adriiinistizitioii‘s inaction on this and ollici rclatcd
.rl ('ouncil wtotc and passed its own parking policy and called upon lllt‘
'l’liis altlkt‘ wt oil a number ot

The action we

grievances. (‘cnti
student body to lglltllt‘ thc ollicial university policy
:tt'llttlh which culriitnzitcd ill ti’\’l.\tti|i ol the parking rcgulatioiis

y other section ol tlrc parking icgtilritioris l’nrking on the

This change Will not .illcct arr
quads Will bc tiv.itl‘.iblc only to tlroxc holding

pcbhlcd arms around lllL' podium and
medical and special pcriirits.

  
  

(‘oniiiiutiity (‘ouncil to dcri
by the campus poltcc. 'l‘lrc l’At‘ Illllc'lltnlh as an :iiitorioiirous dcclhltiltvliluklttg coriririittcc
to act upon such tippczils

Aside from rcvtcwrng writtc
individuals who wish to CXpltlltl their situation
scheduled by mail should the appeal Iiir rrr indicate that a personal hearing is dcsrrcd.

n appeals. the ('nrirnirttcc holds hearings for those
in person. Personal hearings are

The rules currently being ciiiorccd and interpreted arc lhosc published irt November of
WW us “l’trrking 'l‘rat’t'ic Regulations. SUNYA" which are issued upon vehicle
icgistrtilioii at thc Security ()ilicc

'l'hc uppcals procedure is as follows,

I Appeals :iic rnridc on a standard Nt'R lot in available at the Security Office

1 Appeals iritist bc subriitttcd Within three days oi rcccipt ol the ticket

.l It :i personal lit-tiring is desired. it is scheduled by mail

4 llic t‘oniiiiittcc gcricrzill) rirr'cts on Wednesdays lroiii ltJ.J0-l | .30 :i in and hears
it), or by special arrangcriicrit.

   

scheduled appcals tioni ||.00-l l.

     
   
 

