 
 
  

 

 

 
 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

r
1
' »‘

_s ...__....,.«__....,»..,. A. .

  
   
   

 

  
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
  

 
 
 

  
 
    
  

  
  
 

  
  
  
   
  
  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The Mall. . .
by Mike Sena
A recently published report by the Joint City-State Commission on the
South Mall Environs will have profound effect onthe residentialarcas adja-
cent to the South Mall. The report. still subject to approval by the Com-
mon Council. maps out 2 distinct areas; an extended historic district to be
preserved and improved. and a commercial development area. possibly for

offices. banks, and parking lots. Elevator apartments. public parks and
multi-family homes are also zoned for certain areas.

For residents in the neighborhoods zoned for new construction the
report is not encouraging. Eviction notices and demolition of these late
l9th century townhouses could very well be impending. However. the
study does provide strict guidelines to maintain thechara'cterand quality of

i the brownstoncsinthe historic district. Accordingto Laurel Andrew.assis-

tant professor of Art History here at SUNYA. these urban townhouses on
Hamilton St. are “ﬁne examples of the Victorian townhouse" and the
“brick facades, narrow windows. ornamental pediments and high-ceilinged
rooms are note worthy examples of post-Civil War urban architecture". if
the report is approved, whiehislikely.. these buildings might be destroyed.

Two key points the study makes are, l)strictcontrol overall construction
“to preserve the unique impilCl of the South Mall's silhouette on the city's
skyline" and 2) the creation ofa Review Commission to“evaluate plans for
new projects orexterior renovations of existing buildings" in the area.

One criteria used in determining which townhouses Would be preserved
was the percentage of buildings in use. A high percentage ofbuildings in use
was considered stable. whereas a low percentage. such as a high number of
buildings for sale. vacant. orabandoned. was considered unstable. Center
Square. and alreadycxblintihistoric district. beIWeen State and Jay and
Lark and Dove Streets. was found to be the most stable area. Hamilton
Street and Hudson Avenue. near the South Mall was found to be highly un-
stable. The reason for this is that both Hamilton Street and Hudson Ave.
\verc prey to rcalty speculators whilethe protected Center Square was not.

The report by the Joint Commission is the latest episode in what some
critics see as a continuting plot whose main character is a notorious villittn.
with dollar slgm for eyes. and a bank account for n heart.

This alleged villain. Richard Gerrity ts the multimillionaire owner of Gerri-
ty lumber. Arrowhead Realty Agency.and a shopping plain in Owego. He
has bought large chunks ofthc studyarca intending. thecriticssay. to make
a gold-mine by selling his valuable land to a developer.

As of last month Gerrity owned over 50 properties. at a vttlue of about
3480.000. Last March. according to Mike Howard. a former prolcssor at
SUNYA and a civic leader in the area. Gerrity botrght a property for $28.-
000 rtnd in June lorr: it down. He has already torn down the south side of
Hamilton and Dove Streets and in September received demolition permits

‘ | e . v
' " 0-0 '00

'SIDDHAm‘IIA’
Exorrrsrrnr’

 

 

 

 

3 I'd A N D "an new, swim-tea Calumnnl
—BERN‘ND DNEW. alnlllll Ml'l Sllvrcl
Fl N A L «mow WOLI. cm

was“ mum 5700! Arm a...
W E E K ! —Jov aouto aovuu wm sr Inurnl/

AFIMWWROOKS'NEWNNESSE S m-

Nightly at 72l5 & 9:00 1‘

“BRAVO 'LE SEX S [0

William Wolf, Cue Mag. ’

 

 

P!”

    

    

   
  

  
   
     
    
  

I recommend this picture
high] to everyone who is
not imited to the belief
that sex in a religious rite." g,
Anita wrr-uu. New their Post }
Nightly at
7 :45

 

murmur-M
9:3

   

 
  

Shown at
7:30 & l):|S

  EIIEBII'I'IIIE
' llﬂ'ﬂllﬂ

 

 

          
  
 
 
 
 

AIIIAI. CLICNIIA .lAtIliSth

A'Ibuch Of Class

llith AND FINAL Wl‘
Shown at 7:l5 &

f.|‘,tt]llri

   

  
  

  

 
 
 

ftl SA liil

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

...and the 'Pe0ple

to tear down the north side. However. neighborhood pressure forced the
mayor to rescind the permit until a review could be made by the Hudson
River Valley Commission . According to Howard. Gerrity was in a rtrshto
tear down the north side because he wanted to beat the Joint City-Stale
report.scheduled to be released in October. The report recommends that
the owner- -show cause" before demolition, a "rd that new consturctron begin
within 6 months of destruction.

Through the Arrowhead Agency. Gerrity buys up prOpCI'liCS.t'\lljl\lhc
tenants. boards up and letsthem deteriurtalc andthen buyssurmrrmrrng
properties when residents become frightened about falling properly \ alucs.
He now owns almost all of Hamilton Street below Dove. large chunks of
Hudson below Dove. and a few properties on Madison and Dove Streets.
There isa house on Hamilton near the Mall that Gerrity docsn‘I own. lhc
resident won‘t sell. But the lumber millionaire owns the buildings on catch
side of it.

According to Mike Howard, Gerrity is letting lhcrrdjacent btlildlng mm,
that eventually (he hopes) the residents will sell. His ultimate gorrl. 1|Ct‘ttr.
ding to Howard. is to get at least two whole blocks that he can sell in Ir
package to it commercial developer. lnturn. he would nrnkert large profII.

(ierrity‘s has allegedly disrupted many residents of the neighborhood
and eviction notices he has authorized have displaced many lttlrnllcs I.”
example. Harry and Emma Williams lived at 280% Hamilton Ior II. N”.
Mr. Williams is in his eighties. and on a pension. A few months .Igo lhc
Williams got their eviction notice. They were forced to mow .Ir-rrm n..-
street. with Harry hztvingto move the funiture himself. ITtIs Irrll Ilrr-I um
evicted again.

Anothcrexamplc concerns Cora l’hrottcr. Mr. and Mrs. llll'ottt‘r Itscd
tolive on Hamilton Street. but they were evicted and their house it.“ loom.
ed up. They managed to convince (ierrity to unbotrrd thc lltlllw .I. MW...
they paid lor the upkeep. In spite of all this. howctcr. lltcy \\crr «r lt'lt'ti
lhc l'lrroltcrs rrrovcd to Myrtle Aicnuc. whichis no“ Ioncd IISJ [‘Illt'llllrli
dc\clopmcnl urea. and it scents they might be lorccd to mow .Ig.r|t|

According to thc critics. lhc Joint Cily»Sl;ttc report [Hm ltit'\ .l
I'rttrrrcuork for (icrrrly to step-up his speculation and pl’L'\L‘lll\ lt‘xrrl. nrx ml
the tll’t‘tt from makrng plans lor the future.

So far. there has been no r‘csponsc from (icrrrty.

   

 

  

  

 

 

 

59%!5'

JEA

Cordumys and Brushed Denim in Flares

50% Off Orig. $9 - $12

NOW $4.50, $5.00 $5.50.

SWEATERS

Special Group of Turtlenecks

Orig. $5.00 NOW $2.99

FLANNEL SHIRTS

Plaids in Assorted Colors
Orig. $6.99 NOW $4.99

BLAZERS

25% Off

BAGGIES

Special Selection
50% Off

LARGEST SELECTION or DENIMs
REA " /

straight-legs, flares, bells, brush jeans

IN THE A

21 Central Ave.
Northwcry Moll

459—6495. - . 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

   

 
 

   
  

$6.00

 

 
 
 

 

   
  
 
   
 
 
   
   
    
 
 
 
  
   
 
  
 

 

434—3639

 

 

 

PAGE SIX

 
 
  

ALBANY S'l'UlH‘lN'l' l’lll'lS‘S

 

l"llll>/\Y, N()Vl-2Mlllili l' i '

 

 

 

 
 

 

  
  
  

  

 
 
   
  
 

 
 

Saxbe Role in Kent
Probe Questioned

by Bill Gordon and Curt Koehler
(CPS)New voices have been
added to the call for Attorney
(ic nertrl Designate William B. Sax-
be to disqualify himself from play-
ing any role in thc reopened Kcnt
Slttlc investigation. Saxbe said last
wcck. il confirmed by the Senate.
he may halt the investigation.
Citing a conflict of interest for
Saxhc. ()hio Civil Liberties Union
executive director Benson A.
Wolmrrn asked Senate Judiciary
Committee chairman James
liastland (llMissJ to "secure
:tss uranccs" that Srtxbc not be part
of the federal decision making
process concerning the investrga-
tion. According to the Higher
I;illlt‘llli(ll1l)llf/l' Wolrnon said an
examination ol campaign and
other records III ('olumhrrs in-
dicatcs leading ligurcs Ill lltc Kcnt
Slate Imcstrgation lItriccloscpcr-
\tlllill rrnd political trcs \Hlll Srrshc.
lhc Ultro senator scr‘\cd :Isslrrtctrl-
tornt-y gcncrrrl under (ioIcrrroI
James A. ththttics In 'vlny. I970.
\\llL'll lttlll' Kcnl \tlrdcrlls \\L'IL'
krllcd by National (irrurdstrrcn,
Wolnrrrr yorncdrwolorrrrcr Kcrrt
students In culling loI Sinbc‘s Ill»
qtltlhlictlllott on the maIIcr. (ircg

“...leading figures

have close...ties
with Saxbe.”

Rarrrhorrnd l’orrl Kczrnc. \tlro rwrcc
\llhllllllt‘tl pullllulh conlarrnng
I»th Ill._ltll)srgnzrlrrrcslothc Whrlc
llotlsc Irrgrng rr lcdcrzrlgrrmd rury
probe. szntl Saxbc Is an Inuctrvc
colonel Ill the ()hruguard and also
served at one tirncas prIvaIc inthc
|ll7thCairtlry. lhc rolc l'roop (iof
that rrnrt played in the shootrrrgs
has been the focus ol' the new
Justice Department invcslrgrttron
nrdcrcd last August under the
dirccliorr ol Assilatnt Attorney
(icnerrrl J. Stanley |‘oltingcr.chrel
of tlrclkparrtmcnt's ('Ivrl Rights
l)rvison

Rclctrrng to Srrxhc's Involve-
merit as “tr closc poIItIcrII and III-
ilClill associate of persons who are
among lllL' prIncrpnl ()bJCL‘ls ol
crrmmal Irivcstrgrrlron In the Kent
State mutter." attorncy David li.
Engdahl renewed hrs rcqucsl lorrrn
iInmchIttc hearing on an appeal
lor II court ordered investrgntion in
the Kent State matter. As Ohiotrt-
lorncy gcncrrrl at the time the
shootings. langdahl Slllti, Snxhc
was the ollIcIrrl Icgzrl Irdvisor both
to Rhondcs and thc ()hro (iuard.

Engdahl isattorneyfor the parents
ofthc four slain students and ofthe
wounded students seeking a federal
grand jury hearing on the tragedy.

Eltgdtthl's suit statesthat Deputy
Assistant Attorney General K.
William ()‘Conncr acknowledged
on May l0. I973 that Justice
Depart rnenl attorneys on the case
at the time Attorney General John
Mitchell halted the investigation
already had sufficient evidence to
support lcderal indictments
trgainst scvcrIIl 'Ohio guardsmcn

for their role in the shootings. In,

\ciw ol the subsequent refusals by
Mitchell‘s successor. Richard
chindicnsl. Ioconlinuc tthustice
probes. lingdtrhl said. “Szrxbc's
comments givc rise to grave Itp<
prcllcrrsions."

Acording to :I .ltrslrcc Depart-
lll'lll spokcsrrrnn. I’ottrngcr has
rcluscd lo "llllS\\t:l questions ol .1
spcculntnc Irtrtur‘c" In I'cgztrd to
“halt he would do ll Szrxbc docs
lIIIll lllL' ltl\csllg.|ltrrll lhc
spokcsrnunszrrtl l’oltmgcr‘ \\Illcrm-
\lllCI lhc problcmonly \thcnbnxbc
|\:lt‘lll;lll_\ conln rnctl by the Senate
.llltl .tctrnrlly docs halt the in-
\cxllgriltoli

I\I lhc lInrc Ihc tlccrston Io
lcrrpcrr thc Intcstrgrrtron was made
.'\lltllllL‘\ (iL'llL‘lilll llrot Richtrrson
mid. "'m lhc lIght ol Assrs-
I.rnt '\llrllllt"\ ticncr'rrl l’otlIrIgcr‘s
rc\lt'\\ ol lhc lrlc there are some
tllL'r|\ “but additional Inqrury Is
dcsrrarblc." Sinhc. lIo\\c\cI. \ltltl
rcccnlly that to Icopcn lhc crrsc
without ncwcurlcncc and to lllL'l‘t‘r
|\ calm "ptlhllcclamor" as it "cruel
and tlllltlSl lhIng."

As Attorney (iCllL'litl lksrgntttc.
Srrxhc has not revrcwcd results of
recent Itrv‘csligrrlivc efforts by the
.JlISllCL‘ lkptrr'trrrcnt. Srrxhc told
the ('lcvcland I‘Imn Dealer if “new
evidence has turned up that there
was a conspiracy (to shoot
students). I would ltrnc II grand
rury investigate.“

lwo members of the Senate
Judiciary ('ommittcc, lidwnrd M.
Kennedy (D-Mrtss) llllti liIrch
liayh (l)—|nd.) ha\c announced
llrcrr rnIentron to raise the Issue
riIIrIngcomrnlttcchcttr‘rngsonSax-
bc‘s nominrrtron Kennedy and
liale are expected to ask Saxhc to
pledge ltllt'llltWL‘ hIrnsclt lrom the
case and allow I’ottrngcr to dccrdc
whclhcr tr lcdcral grand jury irr—
vcstrgntron Is In order.

lhcrc have been unconfirmed
rcports llltll :I We nran tcarn ol
.Iusltcc l)cpIImcnl attorneys
sludyrng the shootings may he try»
mg to tlctcrmrnc whether at con-

 

rnmmunitg

dark
mo

'Enrpuratinn

TELEPHONE:

   
 
 
 
  
  

[00109 EVEN (W
4A5 [ﬁlﬂlbﬂiﬂlll CIJIDBIIJlDB

Rental Darkroom Facilities

student rate: $1.50/h0ur
all chemicals included

We professionally wash
and dry your
prints. All your time

is spent making prints
INDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION

BEGINNING AND ADVANCED COURSES
COME TO OPEN HOUSE — SAT 2 - 6
438-8419

SUN2-6

 

1"lllll/\Y, NC.)Vl".l\/ll*il{ll ll), ISA/(t

    
    

 

Wgﬁ‘b.k‘v

spriacy to shoot students actually
existed. Arecent book. 1712 Truth
About Kent State by Peter Davies.
makes such an allegation.

In a Miami Herald article
Knight newspaper writer David
Hess. quoting “informed sources"
in Washington and elsewhere.
recently reported the “Justice
Department is methodically pur-
suing the theory that as many as 10
Ohio National Guardsmen con-
spired to shoot into the crowd of
Kent State University
demonstrators, triggering tr
I‘usillrtdc that killed four and
wounded nine students in I970.“
Justice Department spokesmen. as

“He (Saxbe) has
already started

out on the A
wrong foot.”

\\L‘ll as the Ohio National(’iuard.
lt;|\t‘ olliczrlly dcclincd Io comment
.Iboul the charges.

S.r\hc is In line to bc lhc lourth
\'I\oIIAtlmrrnstrntron ligurc to
dcctdc uhcthcr to corn cnc II
tcrlcrrrl grand _]lll)’. l-ormcr A\t-
lIII‘tlcytir-ncml Mitchell Inndc the
norm! rlccrsron in August. l‘)7|. 'if-
tccn months :Iltcr lhc shootrngs.

III asking Srrxbc Io tltsqtttllify
lumscll. lorrith students Rambo
trod Kcrtnc noted Strxhc‘s rIn-
notrnccd desire to restore publIc
confidence in lhc .ltrstrcc llcptrrt-
rncnl and stud. 'llc has already
st.II‘tcrl out on lhc urorrg tool. ll he
doesn‘t slcp rrsrdc he‘ll be lllltiL‘I‘
Inrrnog hrs own goals."

 

 

 

 

 

Nixon Starts “Fighting

by Jim hither

WASHINGTON (AP) - President Nixon said today he is not resigning
despite pressure from what he calls well-intended friends and enemies for‘
him to step out because of the Watergate crisis.

Nixon told acheeringcrowd at the National Association of Realtors con-
vention that he had done no wrong and was not going to leave office
because of the misdeeds of subordinates.

"As far as the Preside!“ of the United States is concerned, he has not
violated his trust and he is not going to violate it.“ Nixon said.

“I was elected to do a job.“ Nixon said.

The President then listed as the goals of his administration a permanent
peace in the world. prosperity and fullemployment at homeand creation of
a “safe country. 1! beautiful country. one our children can invest in. believe
in and love."

“That is t hejob lwas elected to do.“ Nixon said. “And I assure you. . larn
not going to walk away until I get that iob done.“
lhc speech to a packed house estimated at 3.000 persons at a Washington
hotel was the first in what appears to he shaping up as a campaign by the
President to take his case to the public.

Nixon planned other appearances in Orlando. Fla.. Macon. Ga. and
Memphis. Tenn.

lie is to appear Saturday at the annual convention of the Associated
Press Managing lidilors Association in Orlando. and Sunday at Mercer
la w School in Macon. lucsday. he is to address Republican (ioch tors‘

meeting in Memphrs.

lodav. the l’rcsrdcnt rcccivcd :I long strindmg ovation before and alter
hrs spccch and was interrupted by cheers and nppla use scvcrrrl Iimesrluring
Ihc 20-minute talk.

lhc rcsidcnt opened his speech withn list ol accomplishments he clarmcd
lor his ndrninislrntrnn mcrthc past few years Includingrrnend to the Vrct-
Irrrrn war. rclrrrn ol Arrrcrrcan prisoners of \\‘ttr'.ttn cnd Iothc rnilitari dl'ﬂll
and imprmcd relations \\Ill'l Russia and (Trina. .

('iting Ilrc ctrrrcnt Midcrrsl cI'IsIs. Nixon srrrd lhc lrtrcc hopclully will he
“lolloucd by negotiations that rmglrr cnd \Hlll II pcrnurncnt pczrcc."

()n the dorncstrc limit. eron said hc had brought unemployment down
to more Ircccplzrblc Icvcl Irnd hopcd lor the srrmc stlcccssagalnsl IIIllaIron
and high Interest rates.

lhc l‘L‘ltlttl'h about tlllL‘l'CSl rater. brought Ir round ot applause lrom the
real cslttlc salesmen in thc trudicrrcc.

“lend no“ and borrow lallcr."Nixon said was hrs currcnl trdyrcc.

 

 

 .l‘I

HORl‘hPIl‘i ROCKWELL
ORIGINPIB

Courtesy of G. Barton Grltfln, CLU.

General Agent Massachusetts Mutual

th8 Insurance 00., Albany. N.Y.

Ol‘l Dl§PLPIY

NOU€ND€R 15 - D€C€MB€R ’l
10.00 Alb-10.00 Pl‘h.

LlllE
EllTEIi

OPEN MON THRU SAT 'TILIOOROUTE 5 AND THE NORTHWAV

ALBANY STU DICN'I' PRESS

lﬁflﬁthjilﬂi' A...” ._ > .. ».

 

PAGE SEVEN

 

