 

 

 

.,.s LAW My

 

new; Museums“

v.- \‘~"'~v.A-41ni

 

 

 

 

 

 

xv». \

 

 

To the Editor:

There are 165 courageous people at the
Dow Chemical plant in Bay City which
has been on strike for 14 months. They
would like to enlist the aid of your
newspaper and members of the student
body so that we may survive. Dow
Chemical is using its unlimited resources
in an attempt to destroy us economically
and eliminate the collective bargaining
process of our Local Union which is
1-1055 of the United Steelworkers.

Many workers and their families have
suffered unlimited hardships in the loss of
income and personal property which they
have had to sell in order to feed their
families because Dow Chemical refuses to
resolve an unjust labor dispute provoked
by Dow Chemical and its local
management.

In the interest of humanity we ask that
you print this letter in your college paper
and that the student body aid us by
refusing to buy Handi-wrap plastic food
wrap and Ziploc bags which are made at
the Bay City plant.
if there are individuals or groups on
ampus who WOUId like to aid us in this
humane endeavor, please contact mt- at
the address which is given below. Wr-
request that they boycott lhc above
mentioned products which art.- produced
by Dow Chemical in Bay City and by any
other aid or activttics which may aid our
“.150,

 

 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
   

 

Martin Schwerin

The Wheelock Deadlock

To the Editor:

Whilc not a regular iinili-rgraduaic
sltidciii of the English Dcpartmciit, I
Would llkl‘ to add my \‘lil('i' to ihc oiii-s
raised in iiiiligiiaiioii .it ihc iich of tlic
dismissal of Dr. Alan thclock of thi-
lnghsli Department. :\.s a siudcnt in oin-
of his American l.itcratiirc courses that l
took us clr-ctiyc crcdil I to“ that lit- was
the rarc kind of tcachcr ilt't'llt‘tl today.
the kind who was Willing to go tar
bt'yond mcrcly thc t‘tillt'sl' mini-rial that
he was rcouircd to ti-ach, |)r. thcliick
iioi only conveyed a tit‘l‘l) sciisc ol ltl\'l'
and enthusiasm for the subject hi- taught.
but was Willing to takc a personal interest
it) thi- studt-iits' work and college
problems. It is l.‘ tcrt-siing to me that In
taking l)r. thllock's coursc. and another
subsi-qui-nt taught by another
ii-achi'r in litcraturi- offered by the
English Department, l hayc nit-t [)l‘fllillis
the finest anti the worst ii-aclii'rs in my
nllrl‘ educational t‘XlH‘fll'lH'l’. lii coiitrasi
(1 Dr, thclock, this tcat‘lii-r's
itlllll—llll‘ was onc ol' coriiplatc .ii'adivniii'
arrogance, the kind of li‘itl'llt‘t' who llltllhs
that all her studciiis arc
ndidatcs. and must iiiinisiiri' up to ill‘f
standards. l only Wish tbi- linglisb
Department had llic i'orcsiglii in st‘l' that
this kind of teacher is thc hltill that only
|)(l)V(‘s to bc anti progressive to thi-
parlmciil's rcputalton, and to rclain
\\'bcclock, whosc own well spoki-n
rcputaliori among the studcni body at

 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
  

t'iiurst-

oi lii-r

doctoral

be English lll‘liltfllnl‘tll to rcconsidcr its

aulty decision regarding his lllfllll‘l

. rncrnbership in the univi-r-aly coinniiiintiY

Ronald Barnell

Divisive Smith Falls

To the Editor:

l was graduated lrom Sl'NYA last May
ith a if A dirgrci: in English

In thi~ summer of 1156!), l was privilcgcd
to have l)r (furl Smith as my lllhlrllt'ltii
of English 2 1 till

li'or «ax week», though swimming pools,

 

piinim. and tennis courts beckoned, wi-
plowed uncorriplairiingly cvcn piyiully,
through rriairirnoth wading ansigritricnts.

Dr Smith i. enormous popularity cannot
lil‘ attribuch to his giVing the studuritii a
lfl'l‘ ridi

Not if hr plat-ml lii-avv demands

 

 

PAGE Ii lGH'l

Dow Now, Brown Cow

Letters to the Editor

upon us, he placed even heavier ones
upon himself, and he made it all
worthwhile.

Though Curt Smith lacks the easy
charm and wit on which some instructors
glide along, he has a remarkable ability to
infect students with his enthusiasm for
literature and ideas. The writers he most
admired-- Coleridge, Swift, Dickens,
Keats-became special to us all. Imagine a
sun-drenched group of college kids
happily devouring the 895 pages ofLi'tile
Dorrii within a week or so, and you have
an idea of Dr. Smith‘s pedagogic powers.

We students were all aware of his radical
political views, but none of us (including
one or two staunch conservatives) felt
suppressed or intimidated. Exciting, open
discussion prevailed, and he never
sacriﬁced intellectual and aesthetic
integrity to political dogma. It was a
splendid summer!

Curt Smith is fleiublc without being
lenient, strongly opiniuncd without being
opinionated, learnt-d without being dull,
concerned about his students without
being patronizing, and unusually fair and
conscientious. This combination of
qualilics is rare among instructors at
SUNYA (or anywhch l‘lh’l‘ l.

I am gciiuincly surpriscd that this
controvt-rsy has arisen at all. While at
SUNY, l licard many comments from
many students about Dr, Smith. A fcw
took exception to his politics (I did too
somclinu-s), aiiil he would surc
acknowledge lhcir right to (lo so. But he
sccmcd universally rcspt-cti-(l as an
t-xccptioiial lcachi‘r and scholar

ll' ('iirt Smith is a (liVisiyi- liircc. thi-n
pcrhaps Wl‘ lhc
unity.

ovt-ri-stimati- yaltii- iif

Mary Mancuso

Smith Out of This World

To the Editor:

A l)t't'l‘llll)l't'. ltiTl
SI'NYA, I am pri-scntly a
pinior high school tcaclii-r of l'lnglisli l

graduiitc of

had lllt' i'cw.ii'iliiig cxpcrii-iici- of bciiig in
taught by Mr ('urtis ('
Hiiitlli l'iacli, iii ils own way, addcd to my
opportunities loi pvrsoiial growth and to
my i-iitliiisiasni tor .ippii-cialion of lilcra

totir courscs

lurc.

.\li Smith‘s coitrst- rc~
i-nt-oiiragi-d cri-aiiVity,
tliottglit. and ltlllllltt‘ learning i'xpi-riciit-i-s.

iitiirciiiciil s

For cxaniplc. iii scit-nii- fiction. we dis
both
small groups. Mr. Smith was
present .it all discussions The largc group

ciissi-il books, films, and idcas iii

argc anil
allovva for .i lnrgc raiigc of idcas to bc
lllst'lls‘d'tl, llll’ small group pvriiiittcii thc
class to gi~i niori- spccific, to i-xaniint-
lllt‘ilﬁv in greater detail. In addition. thi-
small groups madc it possible for Mr
Smith to listcii to .iiitl llt‘lll‘l' ctaltttitc his
studciits. Mr Smith cl'fi-ctin-ly giiidcd,

but llltl not dictatc class discussion. llc
avnlly sought original ri-spoiisi-s .iiid
rcalions to thc matcrial covcrcil For

prop-cts, lic
scholarly

rcipiiri-d i-ii-rythiiig from
wriliiig to film si'ciiarios,
.sciciici- lictioii songs. and originally tapt-d

radio plays iii the stylc of Will ll, I/Il'
iiI‘/i/\ Scii'iicc fiction was perhaps thc
iiiiisl ii-wtiidiiig coitrsc, for i had rcad

llUIIl‘ bi-foii- the coiirsc, and l had lll‘Vl‘r
ri-ah/cd tlii- \Vl‘illlll ol'
ailyciilnic .illll coiiiloil ll licltl

Mr Hiiiitli wits wcll
Willi .i Winillll of
ideas resources, suggestions, and insights,
which lic rcadily shared Willi stutlciits llc
rtiadc his ol'l'ict- hours an l'chililc an
[Itihhllill' for maximum llt‘l'l‘hhllllllly.

Mr Smith has
t'xci-plional ti-achiiig .ibililics, kiiowli-dgt',
rl'bIII'l'l for llll‘fiiltlrlt, rari' iii-lf awari-iii-ss
and gciiitiiit- t'liHl't'rll for alllfll‘lllh. I

hlltiwlt'dgi-‘

prcparcd for classes

l hl'l'tillti illh
rioriiination for Outstanding 'l'caclicr of
the Year.

Judith E. Steinhart

 
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
  

 

by Mark Gllmour

Back in the days when
this column first started, a lot of whining
WASPs would run up to me and say:
‘Mitchieeeeeee, how come ya callin’ your
column Frostales? I bet you wouldn't call
it Conservatales.’ And I would usually
shut them up by switching the conversa-
tion with a rhetorical phrase like ‘Wc have
to make the world safe for democracy,‘
or I’d just nonchalantly start whistling
‘Colonel Bogey’ and slip away. This shut
them up, but it didn't really answer the
question. 1 mean, face it: when was the
last time that I discussed a conservative
issue? I've been so busy putting down the
Campus Coalition and the New Left and
Barry Davis and His Lackey Running
Dogs and defending the Allman Brothers
against the seige of Bach Mai that I really
haven’t had time.

I never sat down and
tried to relate my conservativeness to my
humanness until today. Now that [think
about it We decided to go with the

by Kathy Slabbert
Yi-s, (ii-rmaiiic, thi-rc I\ a Women's
l’li_\sical lidtication program at SUNYA!
Your Iricnds may tell you tliai no such
thing cXisis, btit you lll'ill'Vl' ill
Sonichow, thc iiciys has lcakcil Ul‘l.‘ iiol
iiiucli mind you but tlii-rc wcrc two
pictures in thc last yearbook purported to
be of Women's Sports and they say that
wliciicycr fiill lllf' ASl’
sports story womcn lil'
llll‘lt 's rooini

iloii't

there's a moon,

prints .i aboiil
, They are one liiiiidrcd and fifty strong
l'licy play tennis, softball, aiiil baski-tliall
and piii‘licipalc in gymnastics, swtiiimiiig
and track 'l'hcy oftcn have practices five
nights a wl't‘h .iiid traw-l long distances to
their I'Hlll|il'ltlllltlh For all of this, they
are not wuli-ly known by the campus
community and their ai'coiiiplisliinciits
scldiim llit- publications of lllt'
'l'licsc Wtilill‘tl, iiivolvml iii .Illlll‘
tics at Albany State, are fighting an uphill
battlc for recognition in an atinosplii-rc of
male dominated sports

()piiiions ol lllc prints tri-atiriciit of
worm-it's sports Vary tIi Illit‘llhll)‘, littt iiol
iii i'iiiilciil "It's tcrriblc‘" citcil Ia-i-
lilicnisli, coach of the Woini-ii's soltliall
team "Wc only gct covcragi- alter Wt'
start screaming about it'” Dr. 'ldith
(lobanc concurred, “Wi- an- cxpeclt-d to
write up our own sports stories for
publication-we htch no liasoii With the
paper l‘ublicity isn‘t
shouldn't have to do it "
liiirbiira l'altii, coach of llll'
basketball team, cited an instance this
Hlflnt'hll‘r when lilll’ had specifically rc-
quciitcd that ii photographer bu bltill front
the ASP to cover a women's garnt- agiiiiust

gracc
school

our job, We

women ‘ii

Russell Sage. Neitlicr photographer nor

ALBANY S'I‘UDEN'I' PRESS

 

ﬂfmgr Conservatives Only

conservatives. Now don’t get me wrong I
don't straddle the fence. I’ve kind or built
a gate for myself that swin s . ..
and I kind of ‘mingle’ on
have to admit that it‘s easier to Ina-Ii,"
the human side, because I can fail then.
and it doesn't. matter. Please bt- antler.
standing with m9. My C(inscryailyp
buddies wouldn't like me if I dl‘nit‘d lhcm
the Allman Concert and gave a hundred
bucks to Bach Mai. Those pinkns Wl'i‘c
crying, ‘Not a cent! Not a cent for Bach
Mai! and $20,000 for aesthetics" 'l'lu-r
were wailing like jackasses, but it was all
talk and Will's. Listen, willya! 'l‘hc line for
the Allman Bros. was 5 hours long
Hardly nobody was at the Bach Mai table
Don’t that prove it? I mean, this Is 
democracy isn’t it and democram Is ilw
best way to live isn’t it‘.’ You'll Lit-t ,.
broken leg if you look at the moon over
your left shoulder won‘t you" 'l'lit-r
didn't want to help pcoplc in \‘nrili
Vietnam. They wanted tllf’ “vitamin,
night salad special in the (llnIlIL' ll.il. 'iw
continuation w t

7 }

Good Sports: What Coverage?

explanation was forthcoming "\\v r'
Wilnl “My l‘UI‘N‘l‘hhllHHs, W“ |llﬁl \\.Il.‘i '
giVi-ii an l'Vl'll lircalt,”
“l'iivcragc isn‘t slilllt‘llllllu \yc shop it
to fight for it's shaiiii-Iiil elm
l)oiiiia llclatcco, a captain ol llll ii
ball li-ani, rccallcd aii iiislaiiic Ml ‘
whi-ii the ASP llll/ ritii a sioi\ m
lciini Appropriati-ly ciiinigli ll .-.i
ciiriipaiiicd by a two ycni old pa in -

slic itilllllii‘

llic Iciini According to Ms I’aliii l
girl iii llli‘ pictuic wasii‘i l“-l'|l w
lcam any iiiort-"'

'l'liis rt-porti-r Il‘l't’lllly pliontii

i'i-tpti-sl to lhi- AHl‘ Io min .i spirit
about Allyson Ilailcy "Allyson liain

aslicd the voice, iiicrciluloiis ’lii.
sports pagi-’."' tMs lliilll'\ was Ill!
“12ch Winiii-r iii llll' Ncu Yoil» 7‘

Wiiirii-ii's (iymnaslit' Mi-ci. no noun»
"1 was liild that Iii-cause Ill ilii illlii
lancc of graphics, thi-ri- inst l‘rlll
l'or slorics alioul
ASP," Donna l)t'l,llt‘('ii (‘Iiillllil‘illttl \l
l‘alin the back pagc HI
AHl‘, which coiisisti-d solely ol limit I
".“liiiii-

woiiii-it'h \l‘H'l
M‘rll l iiiizr-il

and photos of incn's sports
tlicsi- pictures don't ll‘ltli\ -..i_\ aunt| ’»
l'IVi-ii at that
licaid liiittli-i' tliaii thc i'iiiciagc i!|‘~"
woiiicii’s sports

'l'hc lithit of public ciiliglilciiniciii ‘-
Within

slii- iilischi-tl llll‘\ MN“

lllt' domain of good it"ll'h'“ ’"
Consciousness raising in a find slip -i
gaining public interest and
public support for women's atlili-tii v lli'
niapirity of HllNYA's worncii .tlllll‘ll
spoken to expressed a disliinli- llil Ili-
lolti'iiiiirii displayed by lhc caiiipiis llll'tlii

'l'licy voiced a desire for inurc i'iiillltl‘“
and consistent covuragu ol llic ‘-I'““
cvciitii of HUNYA’s woiiii-n‘i. ti-ains til it.-
caniptiii press.

tiliiiiiali l‘.

'riii-iiintY APRIL 3,

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Smith Papers Reveal Tenure Workings

Once again the ASP present: important
papers in a controversial tenure case. In
[his issue is the letter of transmittal
written by English Department Chairman
Donald B. Saiuffer concerning the care of
Professor Curt Smith. The letter is cori-
cerned with Smith's performance in his
teaching effectiveness, mastery afrubjecr
matter, ability as a scholar. univerxily
service, and continuing growth.

To be published next it the recommen-
dation written by Ruth Schmidt, Asso-
ciate Dean for the Humanities. The ASP
feels that the printing of this original
correspondence constitutes the most
effective method for explaining how the
tenure system works and the particulars
of the Smith Case.

The section dealing with Univ-
ersity Service has been omitted
due to space limitations.

I find, after considering all the L’l'ldt’llt't‘,
including Mr. Smith's i/uieincni in the
department, that I cannot recommend
him for tenure. One reason for my
negative decision is the almost cveii (livi~
(lions shown in the department Vtilt‘.
Although the studans voted for him Willi
one exception, the faculty vote is a bare
majority, with 8 abstciitions. ’l‘lic lcnurcrl
faculty voted 16 to 1-! in favor of lciitirc,
with one abstention. This. in my l||ll|lltill,
is not strong enough support to make iiii-
feel obligated to press his case

l am awai'c l am going against thi»
recommendations of a large Illtijlirll)‘ of
Smith's students. But ibis should not
imply either that I do not favor good
teaching or that l do not takc account of
student opinion. I value both. and this
makes my I‘t‘COmllH‘lHliIllUll llltil't‘ difli
cult, sincc it is bascd oii otlicr considci’a
lions.

It is obvious from both his statcinciits
and his perforniancc during llll' past him
years that Mr Smith is dci-ply, i-yi-ii
passionately, lflll‘l’t‘sil'll iii i-(lui'iitioii and
in improving this university lltii his i'i-ry
passion, his apparent inloli-raiicc ol \it-ws
that do not conform to his own. at tii.ill\
work against sonic ol his bi-sl .tlltl iiiosl
constructivi- proposals it Is llllt' iliat
malty tii' llic iilcas lll' pi'iiposcil scycrnl
ycars ago liayc .siiicc Iiccoiiii- policy, but
this is in spite of, l'illlll‘l’ than bccaiisi- iit.
his efforts, sincc iiiaiiy (ll'ltill‘llllt‘lll iiiciii
bcrs hayi- coini- to almost aiiloiiiatically
rcsisl whalcvur proposal hc iiialii-s lii llll‘»
way lic tends to lit-conic, cycii when lll‘

mcaiis wcll, a (liyisivc foi‘ci- Wlllllll tlii-
dcparlmunt.

1 do iiol l'ci-l coiil'idciil that continuing
appoiiitmciil for Mr Smith is iii the lll‘sl
interests of the dcptirtmi-nt Ili- has many
fine qualities: lic is industrious, hard
working, proyocalii’c in discussions, and
coininillcd Lo [caching aiiil lcariiing litil
a tlt-partniciit which cannot ciidorsc iiini
morc strongly al'ti-i' I'ch years of working
Willi him is not likely to lii-iicfil I'ioni a
coiitiiiut-d Willi hnii The
people wc rt-coiiiniciiil for lt'lllli'l' must “1'
thosc wi- wliiilclii-ai‘li-illy ciiiloisi- 'l'liis is
not true for Mr Smith

assocation

Effectiveness in Teaching

Smith has shown ciiiisitli-rabli- l‘\’|(lt'll('|‘
of his ability to tli-Vclop and lunch iii-w
t'ottrscs llc was askcd by tlic dcpai'tiiiciil
lo lciit'h oiii- ol tlic first si-t'lioiis ol
Afro Ami-ricaii litcraliiri- Ill llll' fall of
lllliil, a t'lilll‘hl' he has l'tillllllllt'll lo ll';|l'll
l'i‘oiii

positch l‘t‘ill'llltlls

sliiilcnts Ili-

Willi gciii-rally
black and whiti-
bi-i-ii teaching llll‘ science fiction coui l‘,
L'Iig Blil, siiicc its inci-ptioii two years
ago lioth Afro Aiiicricaii liti-ratitrc and
M'll‘llt't‘ fiction were fields hi- kiicw iicxt
lo iiothiiig alioiil wlii-n lll‘ licgaii .iiitl llt‘
preparing liiniscll‘ to

has also

has hut'i‘ccdvd iii
Lciich coinpi-li-nlly in both Iii-ids

In addition, he has til‘Vl‘lttlH'li a Ilt'W
griidiiiitc course, Science Fiction and
Fantasy, which is living olli-ii-d [oi the

first time this spring

Teaching in the area of M‘lcilt‘t- iii-lion
has dircctied lllh l‘t‘bl‘illl'll i-lfiirls iii
cri-iisingly in that din-coon. iiiid llt' llilli
done most of lllh published work in that
field.

dedicated teacher who lb

ti-iicliiiig "lt'llllNlh and

Silltli Is it
llllt'rtttllutl in new
approaches The responses by students on

1973

his evaluation forms comment again and
again on his "openness," his willingnes to
listen to many sides, his emphasis on
student conferences and working with
smaller groups.

That he is highly regarded by many
students is attested to by the generally
high ratings he received from students
taking his science fiction and Afro-
American literature courses. These
courses have high enrollments, and many
studean request his section at registra-
tion. These are primarily electiVe courses,
which he has been instrumental in
developing.

’l‘hosi- department members supporting
Smith as a teacher point out that he
thinks serioust about the philosophy of
edueation; that he subjects all ideas to
scrutiny and criticism; that he challenges
and stimulates his students; and that he
uses what appears to he dogmatism as a
device to arouse them and encourage
discussion. Several members also cmpha-
si'Lcd the difficulties iiiVochd in teaching
black litcraturc in racially mixle classes,
and pointed out the admirable way he
liaiidlcs touchy situations

liui agrci-s with his
approach to .stttdi-nts Sonic student.» oh-
Jci't to what thcy i‘ccl is it too rigid
approach to his slibjcct. in particular in
his Afro ,'\Illl‘l‘|('tlll cintrst- This is a very
and cvcry
who has

not t-ii-ryiiiic

tii‘cti, of
instructor in lhc tll‘|):tl‘llllt‘lll
taught it has Iouiid lic is working in a
highly cliargcil, I'llliilltilllll atmosphere
Both black and wliilc stiidi-iils ari- (puck
to lake oll'ciisi- :it i-i-iiiarlts ltlil(lt' citlit-r by
the Illsll'ltt'llll’ or by iiiic of lhc sttidi-iits
Ihll sludciils obit-cling tii llll‘ way lll'
conducts lhi- inciitioiit-d that lit-
scciiictl to Icarii alwii\s iii illt‘ tliri-i'liiiii tit
lllt' lilill'hs .iiiil illill'h thinking. cri-atiiig aii
.itiiiosplicic in which sonii- whiti- sllidi-iits
l'I-ll lhcii' own
iii-\ys ()lll' sltidciil \yi-iil so far as to say
tlial his ti-ai'liiiig that
.iiiyoiic \ylio iittt-slioiis liiwstatciiiciils is
that this

si'iisitiyc ciiiii'sc,

i'oili‘st-

iiiliiliitcd iii capi‘i-ssiiig

llll'llliiti is \lll'll

"di-i'atIi-iil ' or 'i‘ai‘isi .iiid
t'liiscs till ilisi ii~ xlIill

\'iiiilli
class, soiiic |.it‘iill\ tiiciiilicr. ll'l‘l that this

liosiility is i-icai-ril not b\ Ninth, but is

In ilcl'ciisi- ol Kiilltlllt'l o liis

|.il<-iil iii Amciican .ociri\ isivll. ili.it Iii-
is actually slll‘l'l"\\llll “llt'll hi' liiiiigs ll tii
lllt' siirlaci- and |ll.Il\l s sllltlt'llls di-a-iiss ll,
that lic is living tli-Iiln-ialch pliniiciitnc
.IllllI'tlllulllllllt'nilsti||.itl.lllull1'\'lt't'.Illill
is, ill' is not always .i,s I"Illl‘lllt' iii lll‘» \icis's
:is sonic studi-iits may lllllll\_ biil that he
is bring .i "ill-yil's ;ii|yot'alc" iii ordi-i’ tii
sliiiittlatc discussion

Sonic of the saiiic criticism :ipplics lo
Smith's scii-iicc fiction clnsst-s, wlicrt- llt'
also makes his own \‘ii-ws strongly liiiowti
Siiiith, lilic iii.iiiy .si'ii-iici-
llt'lllill as .i \l'llltil' Ioi stil‘litl, political,
and pliilo-aipliii‘al \ictts l'iclioii
Willi-is lll this \l4‘\\', itlt' iiili-i'csliiig iiiil
toi llic iluiilily iii llic lilt-i'iiltii‘c tlii-y
\critc. litil lor llll‘ idi-as tlii-y i-xpri-ss
Although .i grcal inaiiy sludi-iits ciiioy his
lliiisc who olhci'iyisi-

critics. scl's

Hi'ii-iici-

cliisscs. illitlly,l'\/t‘ll
llllllh lll‘ is a good ti-iichi-i, hayc i'i-sci'ya
Iiiiii:. about tlii- t'Xlt'lIl to which lii- liriiigs
politics iiito llii- classroom What Wc .iii-
talking about in this casc 1:. liliiilaiiii-iilnl
to one's coiict-pt of i-ducaiioii and Smith
fii'iiily lit~|ii~ycs that llll'lt‘ should lll' lilt'
tlosc possibli- i'iitiiii-cliiiii liclww-ii thi-
classiooni aiitl llic rust of oiiii's cxpi-ri
ciici-s lhtt tlici'c arc .sludciits who l'i-t-l
that he “Mm ilit- classroom as n loruiii foi
aiiil social Vll'WJ» and is only
Wllll lllt‘ slllltt‘l'l

 

his ptillllt'.’
secondarily
iiiaiti-i‘ This is a very gray .iica iniliwil.
siiici- Hiiiith that
and should
iiialtci‘” of thc i'oiirsi- and lllc

t'l iiici-riicd

(llll‘

llic

howcyci‘, iirchs

caiiniit iiol .scpai'alc

"stilip-i'l
"idi-as "
Ability as a Scholar

’l'lii- liiilli ol Smith's .si-liolaily worli has
bi'cii iii the aii-a os hl'lt'lll‘t‘ lll'llUll ills
long range scholarly plans include a criti
cal biography of (llaf S'l‘aplciliin, a social,
political, and philosophic Lliitikcr who
t'nhl lllh tlll'lth iii iiurriitiVes uf hL‘ll‘tll'I'
fiction utid fantasy

Another
arouiiil l.lll' validity of fiction
itsclf its ii discipliiit- Lhc
"Scholarship" heading) ()tit- pcrson who
could iioi support him said that his
strength is teaching, primarily in electivu
courses for the general stiiileiit, ln Llllh’ lie

iirgiiini-nt (‘L'lllt‘fh
science
it iidcr

l‘iiciilly

(st-c

 

 

Meat Boycott
Enters First Week
: oy Mike McGuire

As it enters the first week, the national
meat boycott has drawn conflicting reac-
tions from the two majority meat lobbies.
The Save Every Chicken Society has
: expressed their support for the boycott,
although officials fear that people might
turn to chicken as a meat substitute
' unless the boycott is extended to “its
logical extreme," The opposing Right to
Meat committee blamed the boycott on
“Hindus and other international sabo-
teurs" and suggested that it interfered
with the right of ii rancher to “make an
honest million or so."

Meanwhile, in Washington, President
Nixon expressed moral support for the
principles of the SECS, although he sug-
gestcd that they should divest themselves
of the "small number of Communist
agents" now running the group. As for
Right to Meat, he noted that although he
despised their very existence, he was glad
to see that they were “finally standing up
for what is right in America."

2 The impact has been tremendous in
‘ sonic areas, almost non-existent in others
In New York, A Sr P is talking of
(it‘t‘llll‘ltlL’, bankruptcy or worse ln (.‘hicz
i go, nical prices pliingi-d in Navy trading.
lii lios Angelt-s, though, mayoral assistant
'- Ronald McDonald scoffed at the boycott
by pointing out that he didn't 'arc if lli
Wt-ck saw only “one or two million
mil-d." “'l‘hi-y'll bc back nch week, he
cracltcd.

lii 'l'cxas, formi-i' 'l‘i‘cas’ury Sccrclary
.lohn (Iarnally said that hi- doesn't mind
paying cvcii $5 ii pound for steak. “of
Course," ht- adtlcd, "ranger fricnds givc
mc all I want fri-i- just as a bikini of the

    
    
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

appreciation

Questions as to the origin of the boy
coll liayc lcd sonic incnibcrs of l’ri-sidcnt
Nixxon's staff to rt-tpicst an investigation
by the llotisc liilt-riial ls‘ccurily Comm
Icc lformcrly thi- lloiisi- Uii-chuhlican
Activities (loiniiiitti-c), Although lllS(
has yi-l to Illl't] up t'\'|(l(‘ll('l‘ of (liiiiimu
iist involycincnt. comiiiitli-c mcmlii-
iilicr ltobcrl “I’lllllll sci-nicd optiniislit
ylii-n lic said, "Don't worry, llicy'll di
ip soon-thing " lll5(‘ plans to isstic a fill
'cpiirl iii-st vyi-ck, al'lci' ll isstii's its l‘l‘lltn’
sllthtllIlLl how l‘iiiiiiniiiiisl agi-iits masqiii-r
iili-d as guards at Allicti Slali- l'rison ii
Ncw Yorli and bcat iiiiiialcs .so that thc),
would start yiiiliiiit i'iiits .iiid i-vcii .s'htio

    
 
   
 

    

lllllit‘t'lll pcopli-

(Jiii- l'inal lllllt' on tlii- boycott
who ki-cps walcli (ivci' Ilic iialioii's llll‘lll
tipply is rathcr |H'l'|)ll‘Xt‘ll by lill' wholi-
ilualioii “I don't ii-iilly know just what
hcy want," said Sccrclary of Agriculliirc
lults. “For all l lcl lhciii cal
'hci-sc‘,” llt‘ ([iiippcil, Willi a twtiiltli- in bi.

   
 

thc man

  

  

 

is a good tciichci' but not a gi'i at oiic, tic
tciids to lt‘til‘ll liti-ralurc as issues and not
as lllt‘lllllll’l‘, his publications ri-pi'usi-nt
lllt' .sami- iiarrowni-ss And sciciici- fiction
and popular culture are iiol dcniaiithiig
stilip'cls to ll'ilt'll

'l'hi- i-valtialioiis It-ayc no doubt tin in tlic
liigh opinion llial most students havi- oi
Hiiiith Ml' Smith is a "Very good"
teacher, on El six point scale ranging from
"t-xct-llciit" lo “Vi-ry had " As llll‘
atlachcd .suniniarics show, llll' rcspoiiscs
ari- wciglili-d iii lllt‘ “i-xci-lli-iil" and "Vcry
good" catcgorics, Iiiit sonic sliidi-iits (in
large sections) tliiiilt li-ss highly of him.

()n [’10 wliolc, favorable coiniiii-nti. out-
wciglii'il thnst- ipii-stioiiing llic value of
Smith's Among the nt-gatch
opinions was lhc vu-w that lll' tciitls in all
his wriliiig, l'ioin tlissci'latiiiii to most
recent iirlll‘lt‘, toward a critical naivvlc in
his writing, that. large portions are plot
.stllllnltll'll'h, rathcr than rcvu-aliiig analysis,
'li.il lhcrc slioiiltl bi- riiori- critical auto
noniy inslciid iil letting doctring gel in
tlic way. that Smith In less sophisiticatcd
III his use of Maisixt critical apporiichi-s
than he might be

()thcrs having about the
quality of Smith's published work are of
tht- opinion that his criticism is iiitnlcriiiil
and reductive: that ill‘ mat-ks hllllllllHLlC
distinctions between science fiction and
“niaiiisti'ciini literature" which do not
stand up under examination. They add
that his political allegiance to Marxism
blinds him to lllt' presence of any Villlll'ti

i't-sciircli

ri-scrva lions

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

        

 
 
  

 

   
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
   
    
   
  
  
 
  
  
   
 
   
 
     
   
  
 

 

  

Conservatives Only '

continued from pracaedlng page
know how they all praise the food. And
after all, we bombed Bach Mai for a
purpose didn't we? The people of Viet-
nam are happy now and we've made the
world a little safer for democracy and our
boys in arms are home with their families
and friends. So why should we build it up
again anyway?

It’s conventional to be
a liberal (or a Pseudo-liberal) here on
campus in this safe shell where there‘s no
hassle on long hair and you can play your
music and you can carry Mao's Retl
Booksppenly without being conspicuous.
We conservatives used to have thousandt-
on our side back in the days of ‘We'll Sing
in the Sunshine.’ We were unified then.
But so many haVe gone ver to the other
side, back away from the American
Legion and the Blue Bell Marching
Auxilary and the VFW. I was tempted
once. Honestly. I took my pal, Chuck,
and we stomped down to the YAF‘. I was
pissed off. I wanted to tell them that they
were ii bunch of lousy chauvenists, but at
the last minute [saw the light and came
to my senses. I realized
that--usuaIly--chauvenism and conserva-
tism go hiiiid in hand. Just because they
were a bunch of cliauvcnislic bastards
didn‘t mean that/had to be. though it
would enhance my standing as a conscrvav
tivc. l'll have to think more on this. It’s
all a part of riding the gate between being
a conservative and being a human being.
(,‘hoiccs, choices, choices. 'l‘hank (lod
man is' a human being and that he 'an
clearly scc the magnamity of the alterna-
tivus.

Hunsberqer Movement

coiitliiiieu lltllll iirucuediiiii oiiiie
dents and faculty praisi-d unan.mously.
Roddaiil‘s main problcni was that she ditl
not haVc a l’h. D.

Almost every department can recount
such talcsustorii-s of antagonism and gen-
erally poor rclations with lhc Dcaii.

lltiiis'lici'gcr's goal nppcars to bc to
iiicrcasi- prcstigc and to raisc standards.
But iii the view of his critics. hc has
accomplished Just the opposilc. 'l'hi-y citi-
the cases of (‘iirt South, Dennis llciriirich,
(Tarol \‘llalcrmaii, and a host of others as
cxaiiiplcs of this. ll is not iusi the tenure
sipici-zc which rcduccs lhcir chances of
getting l.ciiui'c, liiil "whclhci' oi' iiol you
iigi‘cc wtlli lliiiisbcrgcr," llii- moyciiiciit's
lt‘il(lt’t‘.‘i claim.

'l‘ht- nioVi-iiiciii
still in its formatiw- stages,
lcadcrs arc unsurc about their
'l‘lit-y admit that they arc in a
position, possessing littli- leverage since
lliiiisbcrgi-r allcgi-tlly controls lllt‘ litidgt-t
allocations lo a “surprising exit-iii." l“|ll"
lbw-more, llll‘ Dean has the adminis-
li'aliiiii lichiiid him. He osti'iislbly lakcs
ordci'i. from Vicc-l’rcsidciil for Acadt-mic
Affairs Sii’olkiii, but ll seciiLs he has
i-sst-iilii ' a l'rcc reign to do as hi- plciis‘cs,
and is ra y slapped down.

l’crhaps sonn- of thc lluiisbcrgcr criti-
cismii arc, iiidci-d, tingcd With sell"
iiiti-rcsl,particuhirly in the cnsc of de-
partmciits who havr- lost ii |)rI'Lt‘(l teacher
or hail its budget cut. Such actions oftcii
creati- disliltcs for whoi-Vi-r did the firing
or cutting.

0n the other hand, the iiioVi-iiii-iil docs
:ippi'iir widespread, covering numerous
departments, and faculty as Well as slu-

llti iisbcrgcr is
and the
tactics.

wcak

against

   

   

dcitls

. q .

4, ,1;......w......-~.yn..d

 

iii the literature of the "bourgeoisic'
tccrtiiinly an extreme reaction, and one
ltc ri-fiitt-s in his own presentation) It was
felt by these pi-oplc that his article for
(ii/Icgc ling/till is full of this loud of

black -aiid white opposition bet ween
reactioiiiily and progressive (MarXistl
lit-licf

Although some department nit-iiibei-s
have a more basic distrust of science
fiction ml a legitimate field of inquiry,
and feel that Smith's scholarship In there
fore of questionable value, others have
pointed out that many respectable
scholars are turning lhcir attention to
both science fiction iind popular culture
'l'hi-rcfore, to discount Smith's i'csciirch
Iii-cause it does not conform to tradi-
lioniil notions iif what an English pi'iil'es
sor studies is to unnecessarily coiil‘iiic
oiiesself to it iiiirrow idea of the nature of

literary study

 

scam ,_ v,

 

