 

 

   
   
 
      
  
 
  
 
 
   

STEREO REDUCTIONS

°“ FEBRUARY IS THE TIME To BUY A STEREO
AT LAFAYETTE

FAMOUS TEAC TAPE
 iiEcoiiiiEii SALE

FACTORY AUTHORIZED SALE ON DEMONSTRATOIS

Y 775 EBRARY

  
 
 

SAVE $I40
"i" SHERWOOD 5-8900

 

I SOME OF THE MODELS ON SALE
FM STEREO RECEIVER _'_i, m. W

 

I40 WATT-R.M.S. (225W-IHF)
# I230 5359’0 s32355

350 289” 26055
220 19950 I7955
250 2495" 22455
210 l59‘° 14355
3300-10 4995" 44955

AND MANY MORE

 

 

 

 
   

Top Rated By Independent
Testing

VIKING — 811R

8 TRACK STEREO RECORD/PLAY
TAPE DECK

GARARD SL958

TURNTABLE PACKAGE

COMPLETE WITH
BASE AND SHURE
M9TED CARTRIDGE

$ lIST
$206.50
COMPLITE

SENNHEISER

TOP RATED

STEREO
, HEADPHONES

 .  $2395

  
  
 
  

 
  
  

  
 

BSR-RT529

COMPLETE SYSTEM

AM-FM STEREO RADIO

8 TRACK TAPE PLAYER

AIR SUSPENSION SPEAKERS
DELUXE BSR~6SOOX TURNTABLE
WITH (UING

     
  
   
  
   
  

      
       
 
 
   
    
     

 
 

SAVE $60.00

V U level Meter
Continuous Play
0! Auto Stop
AI End of Tape
with Walnut (whine!

Orig. $149.95 

INTERMATIC

TIME
ALL $677

I: I 3-2750
REG. 9.77

' AMOU BOWMAR
THE MXSO BRAIN

  
  
  
 
   

  

.' NOW

  
    

REGULAR $36.95

 
  
     
  
 
 
  
  
    
    
   

  
   

SHERWOOD

70 WATT (|.I'I.F.)

FM AM STEREO COMPONENT SYSTEM

  
 
 
   
  
  
   
  
 
 
  

 
 
 
 
 

FEATURES: FEATURING
NEW PERCENT KEY TUNCTION i. Slirrwood stioo rM AM 519995
OMNI . . . CONSTANT "KIWI"
FULL FLOATING DECIMAL '2. INTERADID 7000 2 war DEIUXE
ADDS . V . SUBIRACIS SPEAKER SYSTEMS “UV BOSE" $15990
at $79.95

 
   
     
 
  

MULTIPLYS . .. DIVIOES
AC 0R BATTERY
COMPLETE WITH
NICAD RECHARGER
VINYL CARRYING (ASE

| “SR JUI X
TURNTABLE
PACKAGE $5495

$41480

 
  
   
 

  
 
  
   
 
 
     
 
  

 

 

 

 

 

mime seat.

scu E GL N8 F "
,5Q...%°V 101 Lusaka emit?“ .7.I,w,",,~,,'5“§7., l
PAGE 8,, ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 19715

 

 

 

 

Give Me Your

by Elizabeth Jones

Ah, the beauty of the Student l-Iealth
Center! The solace it implies so far from
the hubub of humanity, the appropriate
motif of its arehetectural design (making
us all remember the purety and clean-
liness of our campus proper), the wal-
come aroma of carbonic acid and rubbing
alchohol! We do praise thee, dear infirm-
ary, for efficiency and cheer. Wl‘ raisi- our
hearts to that. nice, long rest in two or
three waiting areas before seeing the
doctors. We exalt thee for giv1ng us an
excuse for missing and being late for
classes because we are on a first-come"
first -served basis. We glorify thee.

I once thought about the word,
infirmary.” It brought to mind a factory
where they turned out infirm people, l
was wrong. I haVe since seen the light. I
now grant you my testimony. When first
I entered S.U.N.Y.A., I became aware of
the legendary reputation of the infirrnary.
Many stories were related to me: “I want
in there for planter's wart, and they
nearly amputated my foot," I was told.

"Don’t go near the infirmary, even if
YDu are dying. Unless you want them to
bury you on student insurance," said
another.

“I went in there for birth control, and
all I got were some dirty looks from tin-
nurse saying, “what do you think this is"
A bordello',’", related another.

Well, I have evidence for thusv on
mature and slanderous rumor iiioiiul'l‘h
[first of all, the only way to gel ritl ol a
planter's wart, is to ('UI, off avr-ry bit of it
And if that int-ans cutting off IITI‘ whqu
foot, too bad, Just stop playing footsw
wtth people wiio havv plantur’s warts.

And if you are dying, what is Wiong
wttli an institution that only wants lti
"1 =1 k i- v o u in o l .v
comfortable.

And for goodness saiw, Wlial l\ all lllln
“'Ill‘lmt about birth ('UIIII'UI on i-aiiipti:.'
l"WU/body llllllWh all of Illl‘ giils at
Albany Slate ill’l' virgins. Allll not lll.l||\
should worry about llilTTlilt'lllitll' ('on
""l’liun. 'l'liiit only happens if you'ii- a
l"llll(ltlltlltllltllllvl,

Iilho could IN! so l)lll|ll an to
Ullbfatd an institution Wllll7ll I‘IHIIIUH
such kind and courteous pt-rsoinii-l as lli
Bullhorn, who is especially popular on
Wiirt Day, the one day of Lill‘ Wl‘l'll Will‘ll
all of the cases of warts on campus arr
handled in four hours by llllti one man"
Who can forget the lines and t'l’ltWh ol
thankful students, shaking with I‘t'lii-l
lifter the painless liquid nitrogen tn-at»
merit? Who can forget a man who thriw-n

ribs NINE

M

Sick and Tired

on his love and desire to teach the young
citizens of this world‘! Just ask him what
sort of medicine l’ll' is giving you and he'll
answvr, in his kindly fashion, “I'm th'
doctor around here! What are you asking
me questions for? This is medicine to
help that cough. or whatever it is, so you
better take it!" Ah, such gentle guidance.
Such warmth. Such pathos.

I will never Ill' able to thank the
inl'irmary enough for the professional
treatment I received the day after I fell
on my facv. llaving run, tripped, and
crashed headfirst on the sidewalk, my
face bruised, my nose swullen, my back
in agony, I took the pleasant sojourn to
that island of paradise. The doctor wel-
comed mi- Willi open arms [after a restful
hour of waiting and fifteen minutes of
holding it thermometer in my loose»
toothed mouth]. Ill‘ gingerly poked at my
black and ban nose and said, "Well, it's
not (Ii-formed,"

lle I‘Xilmllll‘ll all of my other bruia’t-s
With his eye and said, “Well nothing is
broken." After being (ll'l'lilrIELI “fit as a
l'iddlv,‘ ho gavv me a lovely little on
Vl'l()[)l‘ of pills, "Aspirin," he said, “for
your nose."

l'vv hi-ard t‘llllTlfly too many complaints

about thi-ri- being no full time gynocolog-
isl at lllt' Student lll‘illlll (ft-nlur. 'l‘bat's
ridiculous. What is a gynocologist good
for" thlllt‘ll who are incapacttalvd every
month for I'iiitllpa should luril slop pairi
pl‘l'ltlg Llll'tlihl‘lvt's. lil‘lll‘l’ yi-l, havt- a
baby. Any othvr [lltllill’lllh that arisi-
sliiiiiltl l'l'l'lilll|l\ lll' alily llillltlll‘ll liy llll‘
our gynoi‘ologist who comm. lll once .i
work loi tun hours to taki- i-aro Hf all (if
lill‘ llioiisiiiiils iil' thllll‘ll on campus. II
only tale two or lllll‘l‘ months ll) get an
appoioliiivnt WIIII him, so don't worry. ll
|.tltl"v lllllt‘ll Ioiigi-i to llll‘ ol Illl‘l'llll‘
I'ilIII'I‘I

.\inl iloni I'Vl'l no”), about gelling
\’I'|Il‘ll‘t|l «lisvasi- llni llioiiglillul iii
liiiiiai\ \lllillllt‘n own kiinl iil' 1t.|lll|lIIlI‘l
about it 'l'bvir's lllll' paiiipliln-I on varli
i'liaii in lill‘ \\ tiling iooin w you should
n'I l'\l'l 1.lll h \’.l), lioni llll' chairs in llIl‘
hliiili-iil llmllh Hi-rvii l‘.

'l'lii' iiiliiiiiaiy lb atii'h a home) plan-i"
WIH‘H‘ I‘lhl‘ can you got, ll'l'l‘ oi rliaigi-,
[lill'lll‘lh ol “l‘i-poi'al” II you liat‘i- .i sort-
lliioiit" If you llIth‘ lillllllill'll (llhltt‘hh, who
also olIi-is you nlJl'lI .idiiriilili' lllllt' liollli's
of Kaolin-late" If you ai‘v coughing, llll‘l’l‘
ill‘l' l‘Vl‘n downs of pretty [llllhlll' lMllllI‘h‘
lull of rough syrup foi you to have,
l'Ull)|)llll|t'lllh ol the house and free of any

dungi'roun IltlTl'lllll‘h.
lltlllllltlut] on |).ll]u Ill, ioiiiinn -i

 

‘Tho world Is a republic of
mediocrltles. and always was."

Thomas Carlylo

The Reason Why

Much has been written and said during the past few weeks about Nixon’s
proposed. shift in national prioritieS - away from “human resources"
spending and in the direction of greater defense expenditures as Well as an
increased desire for subnational units of government to solve their own
social problems.

In spite of all the discussion and editorializing, the trend will undoubl-
tcdly continue, as more and more social programs are phased out, and
newer and more complex weapons systems are proposed.

The trend will continue, quite simply, because there are no advocates for
the oft lamented “little man” in the White House, and very few in the
Congress. Thc rich get their tax windfalls and special favors because money
means power. The poor have bccn getting less and less because they do not
P()SSCSS SUCII POWCrt

You have most probably heard this view expressed elsewhere. It is a imple
explanation for the phenomena in which the righ get richer while the poor
get poorcr.

Bur wc scc no harm in saying it again. Particularly not in light of the
administration’s latest proposed cutbacks, which have reinforced this

view.

WC cite the numerous cutbacks in the “human resources” area, including
aid for hospital construction, Medicare, mental health, and programs such as
manpower training, model citics dcvclopmcnt, vocational training, support
for libraries, and funds for the construction of academic facilities.

Admittedly, some of the cuts have been justified because the programs
were no longer needed or the approach was wrong. A program that
encourages students to go into teaching, for example, is no longer needed
since the teacher's march is still ovcrsupplicd.

Other projects, however, were filling a real need and solving real
problems, and still others hadn’t had cnough time to show results.

The general trcnd is all too obvious. This latest Nixon budget is a retreat
to thc traditional Republican conservatism of Harding, Coolidge and
l-loovcr. It is an attempt to turn tlic clock back as far as possible, to the
days when “laisscz- airc" and “go it alone" were thc law ofthc land.

Sonic of the programs, like Social Security, obviously cannot be
dismantlcd. l’lowcvcr, Nixon’s admonition to the American pcoplc “not to
ask what America can do for you, but what you can do for yourself”
clearly rcllccts tilt: old Republican philosophy of tlic prc—Ncw Deal cra.

“Let thc poor pull themselves up by thcir bootstraps," and thc old
Horatio Alger inth that cvcryman can bccomc wcaltliy if he only works
hard and uscs his mind, arc their adagcs.

Uiifortunatcly, whcn such a philosophy prevails, the big corporations and
tilt“ wcaltliy have the power and influence, whilc the poor are left with
essentially nothing. 'l'hc defense budget gcts fatter, while the social welfare
budget gcts tliiiincr, The numerous tax loopholcs dcsigncd expressly for the

fit h arc tlost-ly guai‘dcd.

So Illt' t‘llll it-suh is that lcss than one quarter of the Nixon budget is
l'.|llIl£lIl(t‘Ll lor solvnig lllt’ paramount national problems of mental illness,
lob naming. pollution tontrol, urban transportation, and crimc and drugs.

'l'lu' lllllt‘ gut, lllL‘ poor, and lllt' pmvcrlcss have no homc in thc WIIILC

lloustu It is piivatc ptopi-ity now,

 

 

A5 Technical Advertising
1 iob .iiiiiuli Iinda mule—
[Hum/(4,] m It)“, m Llldll llIlCId deatnond
, ' _ ~ 7 I _ . tiaiiy holdog Busiles
Emmr'm'uml L‘m‘m‘ll Page“ Circulation pint mark
04W l” “11"” ljlutlll von nostilz ,0” wood Ad Production

AI” Exchange delibie kaemen
NCW5 dildy WHEY mark lilcolsky sheila schenkain
anii e bunker bill liiina photography gaiy sussman
windy all't'd" Sports My iosonburg Classified Ads
kdth “kl-"l" DIULU lTldglJlll ddwd sltiwsky calliy ganak
Off Campus kon aiduiiio Graffm
I101) may“ Preview Ififd’eaiii ﬁt into SIIJIBy

“BUY WIN/“'1’ leslio ddVlS

Editorial Board determines policy Office: (1C1t2li Phone: 467-2190

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1973

 

