 

 

 

 

 

 

 looks‘Eusy -‘ 

by Rich Ynnku .

It looks so easy. Heck. he's only
throwing little league fastballs and
his curves...they're hanging over
the plate. Strike three. you‘re out!
Whaddayoukiddin‘? That ball was
way outside. Hey. blue. you‘re real-
ly blind as a bat. Come on. out
there. have an idea. Be a little con-
sistent.

And another inning ends. No
runs. one hit. no errors and two left
on base. After five complete in-
nings. it's Albany down by three.

Front his third buss coaching
box, Coach Bob Burlingume walks
tlisgttstedly towards the Albany
tlttgotit. He picks tip the last
batter's bat. kicks some dirt and
leatis tlte hat against tlte tence, lle
tttrnstotlteplayingtield \\ltt.'t'clltL'
tnticldct‘s practice lot tlte cotiittig
ttttiittg.

('oach It. does alt about-face and
prepares the equipment to he tiscd
tti tlte liotttc st.\th inning.

After litiisliing the house-
keeping beltitid the .»\lbanydugout.
he marches ittto the dtigotit and
takes liis usual plttce,..het\\een the
score-keeper arid ltts t'atortte
pinch-runner.

lhe benelmarmers cottte ahte
with a little chatter and cten the

score-keeper and the few fans
pitch-in to rally behind the pitcher.
Steve DeVito. and his infielders.
The catcher. Vic Guilianelli.
throws to second base after the
final warm-up pitch. A good
throw. but in the dirt. “Get ‘em up."
Coach B. boilers to the catcher.
“Who wattts this guy.“ the bench-
warmers call in semi-unison as an
opposing batter steps in the batters
box.

And attotlicr frame ends. Albany
fails to score in its inning. a new
pitcher for Albany State.

Albatty ties the score in the eighth
and gives the game away in the
tenth.

l)a\e Bentley takes the hard—
ltick loss and so does the learn illltl
the hencli-narnicts arid (‘oacli ll.
l't\c errors. t\\o unearned I'lltt\-
both iii the tetttlt ittttitig. tittic tttcn
tell on base arid man) tttetital
cttors. lhattk (rod. it \utsn't a
league gattic

lt altiays scents tltat tlte ttniptt'cs
are against Albany State. Vol otin
iti baseball. bttt in soccer atid toot-
ball.too. It seemed that way itt high
school- he ttltttl)s got the bad
breaks arid the bad amps.

It looks so cits} Sitting iti the
dtigottt attd \tatelttttg the opposing
htirlcr strike out the Danes \\ ith his

 

League 1:

League 11

League 111

 

AMlA

Attention male attd female boitlers- league meetingsto be held Sept. lXth:

Min. average 1.15; handicap 2 .1ol 190; bowls Sat. mornings at 10:30; 4
man team, 6 man roster; meeting at 7:00 pm, rm CC 370.

.\o min, ateragc; handicap Eliot 301); bottlsStttida) titles; tttst slittt 5:10;
Stitan team. 9 ntatt rostct. meeting at 7:11) p m,. l'tll ('t .170.

Scratch leagtte. no handicap. bouts Ilitits titles at (v.11). .1 ttiati team. 5
man roster; ttieetttig at K (it) p Ill . llll ( ( Wt.

All rosters and SH) bond tttotte\ Ittttst be tttt ttctl tli at the ttieetttigs. tio es-
cepttotis \leetlngs “I” start on titiie so he plottipt lo pick up tostets sce
Dealt). llkrn tti \\1l\ttlllye llti 15o ||| ((

little league fastball. Even the
players iii the game keep-
mumbling. “Come on. you turke'.y.
Give me that fastball of yours
again. I‘ll knock it so far that..."
Strike three. you‘re gone. Oh. it
looks so easv.

And the fans (what t‘zins‘l). it‘s
just human to say- “You bum.
dontcha know ltow to swing-he‘s
throwin‘ undcrhand for Christs‘
sake.“ To them. the people outside
the fence sitting on the bleachers.
the ball seems to be traveling 60
feet in 30 seconds. it looks so cttsy.

But just ask them-tire players—
how easy it really is. Ask them how
easy it is to be standing at the plate.
bttt in hand. an oli~iwo count.
runners on first and third. one out.
('oacli li. llaslies the sigiHlotiblc
steal-)oti'ic got to protect the
plate-lion eas\ is it'.’

"He's tltrmtttig a little league
lristhiill. ll sure looks cas\ " is it‘.’
l‘ilttl otit _\otit'sclt. check the
schedule tor the tte\t home game.
.‘\lttl “11th you‘re lltCtL" ask 1 rank.
lloppet'. LK'. Vic. .letl. Redhead.
lotti lt . Quick
Stete. Bullet or an) ol tlte bench-
\tat'titcrs or pitchers. It does look
cits).

ladttots \ote - Rich Yatikti
cotct'ed the Albany State llaseball
teatti last year. ('tirt‘etitl} Rich is a
Journalist tti the \it\), btit he
stopped by last week to look at his
old tear-n.

 

 

Butmen Split Pair

by R. Crana

Lastycar the Albany State Baseball
team played only .500 ball during
the spring season. Never the less.
the Batmen manage to win the
SUNYAC baseball title by virtue
of a fine fall season. Saturday. the
Danes opened their defense of the
title by splitting a dotthleheadcr at
Potsdam.

The Bear‘s Stu Otto struck out
eight as he led Potsdam to a 3-0 vic-
tory iii the first game. Co-captain
Kevin Quinn took the loss. giving
up five hits.

the Danes came back iii the se-
cond gattte to nip Potsdam. Ken
l.itt‘ttt.' started tor Albany attd
pitched Ltuttc cllectncly tttitil tlte
sisth, Ken got littnscll ttt trouble iii
the sixth when he loaded the bases
\\ ith tiobod_\ otit. L'oach
lltitltttganie decided to bring tti

Steve DeVito to try to put ottt the
ﬁre. The key play of the game soon
followed. The Potsdam batter ltita
bouncer back to the mound and
DcVito threw home for the force
out. Catcher Dave Bac/ then cota-
plcted the double play by firittg to
ﬁrst to put Albany out ot'trottble.

Potsdam did manage to score
once in the last inning but DeVito

hung on to save the game for

Albany. 5-4.

'l’he big hitting star tor Album
was 'l’crry Kcnney. Kcnney knock-
ed iii three of Albany‘s l’lttts iii the
second game. Ken l.ntoe chalked
up his secottd “in in as lltztll) \ltllls
this year.

.'\ll‘illl_\ |lti\\ tt.t\ els t.»
l’lattshttt'glt lot .ttiothct St \\ \t
cttcottntet Wednesdat lit-lott-
returning home S.tttttd.t\ .t_L‘.IllIsl
| c Monte.

 

 

 

 

 

 

Wrestlers

For all people interested injoitiing the 197.1 Albany Wrestling
learn. them will be a meeting October I. The meeting will be
held iii the Wrestling room at 4:00 p.m. For further information
contact Coach (iat‘cia third lloor ot the gym.

 

 

 

 

 

Keep

your

 

 

Home address ..................  ...........  ........................... 

.................................... .. 

City .......  ....................... ..

4

parents in touch
with your school

HA VE THE ASP P”
SENT HOME

Send this coupon and a clteck or money order for $6 ($1 off regular price!) to

Name ............  ................................................................. ..

Parent's name .............................  .....................  ............ ..

S7~U

Albany Student Press , 1400 Washington Ave. Albany N.Y. 12222

Danes Fumble Away 'Scri

by Harvey Kojan

Consistency has always been a
great determining factor in the per-
formance of any team or individual
in sports. Last year overalldefen—
sivc excellence throughout the en-
tire eiglit game schedule was the
prim ary reason for the Dane‘s 6-
1-1 record and subsequent high
ratitig in the nation. However.
consistency can work both ways.
and iii the case of Albany State
there was another aspect of their
play which was evident in virtually
every game: the cotttmitting of
costly turnovers. Unfortunately
this glaring weakness may ltave
been carried over to this year's
squad. attd although it is in part

an understandable outgrowth of
young, inexperienced
httllbandle rs. it neverthc less poses
a major problem to Bob Ford and
ltis coaching staff.

Although turnovers had a
minimal impact on the ﬁrst scrim-
mage against Union (in which
Albany was victorious). their
presence in Saturday's scrimmage
against Hudson Valley was the
ntain reason that an otherwise
relatively close contest turned into
a rout. Two or perltapsthrec Great
Dane touchdowns were nulliﬁed
due to fitntblcs. and as if this was
ttot sufficient. lltidsott Valley was
handed their own TD late in the

\1l‘1l.t\\

A dismal loss to H.V.C.C .... ..

gante wlieti Albany funtblcd on its
nine and HVCC ran it in for the
score. Looking back. that‘s a lot of
poittts to be playing around with.
far too many when discussing a
team with the potential that the
Danes possess.

Quarterback John Bertuui had
trouble moving the team. due in
part to a lack of sharpness but
ttiore significantly because the
offensive line was beaten quite bad-
ly throughout rtiost of the game.
Hudson Valley pttt consistent
pressure on all the Albany quarter-
backs. who found it ittipossiblc to
complete anything bttt short
sidclinc routes, 1 lie pentt‘atioti of
the guard»center aritl tackle-guard
spots by llV(‘(' “as particularly
ettecttie. atttl tettdcd toslitit otl the
itisttlc ground game to a large
degree

\ot with the olletistte lttie
should he ilCltl responsible.
liottetet llte haiks sltotterl less
than excellent ptoncss ttt tlte
ltloekittt‘ tlepatttttent .l\ \tcll. .llltl it
e in he s.ttcl\ statril that the ettttte
ollt tist .l(t(lL'.llLtl to he a lttt on the
slttggtslt stile \ttttte (\tt\|ll'»t' notes
lllt' tttitittiig ol \l.ti\iti l‘ctt\ .ttitl
littllllt\ llt ltlots \\ as t \tcllettt. and
the totttttittut llllt' (Vl.|\ ol t||l.|ll\|
bark Ilott \\ llllt l\ LII-\L'S the [lanes
reason to lulatt ll|.tl llt' tsa more
than totitpetcttt liatk tip lot lit‘l
llll/l

lltttlsolt \.|llt'\ \tillt'tl tls liotttts
qtitcklx lot lllt.’ most pail. taking
ad\.itit.t_t.-e ot the \lltam turnouts
as \tell as using the lotig gain. as is

shown by the 39 yard TD pass and
(it) yard run which they achieved.

The run was a spectacular exhibi-
tion of speed and balance. as it
looked as if it would he stopped
after 10 or 15 y ards. a respectable
tttitil to be sure. But after being hit
the back stumbled. stayed on his
feet. reversed his ﬁeld. and outrun
the frantic Albany defenders to the
goal line.

The Great Danes defense was
rtot devastating. as it has been in
the past. but it was good. and
HVCC ltad little tttovcntent other
than what was previously men-
tioned. Albany wasaided iii the se-
cond half by a rather inept ltVCC

quarterback, who rarely threw a
pass which even slightly resembled
what we know as the spiral. The
Danes provided some mcrriment
of their own with an incredible
point-aftcr-touchdown attempt.
which sailed high into the air.
bounced on the crossbar. and
tctcred off to the right to the dis-
may of the fans.

It was a less than inspired effort.
bttt aside from those turnoversand
the collapse of the offensive line.
the Danes remained intact and
looked good on several plays. Next
week comes the ﬁrst real test. as the
Danes oppose Stony Brook in the
season opener.

 

 

 

ahead about your future, consider this:

Freshmen!

Now that you’re at least reosonobly settled down at college, know your schedule, and have a few moments to think

SUNY students, MEN AND WOMEN, are now permitted to register* for ROTC classes at Sieno College
(10 minutes up the road from SUNY in Loudonville, RT. 9) at NO additional tuition cost and,

by attending only one 2-hour classroom session, once per week, or two 1-hour sessions (no military

commitment, uniforms, marching, or Mickey Mouse of any description are involved) can

qualify themselves for dozens of attractive executive opportunities as commissioned officers with

the Army following graduation, in the continetttol United States or in other countries. And,

can compete for 3, 2, or l year full tuition, books, fees, and $100 per month scholarships during under-
graduate school and Masters Degree fellowships for graduate work afterwards. Special progromsfor L: w
and Medical Professions are also available following graduation.

1973-4 Schedule of Freshman Classes

dip .............................. ..

 

 

A 5H0}; RIDE FRO

M SUNY

MON, TUES 10-7
WED, THUR’FRl 10-830

SATURDAY 10-5

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

434-1711

 

268 CENTRAL AVE ALBANY

I
MUlTl—SPEED SALES AND SERVICE — ATALA - LAMBERT- FUJl- ZEUS

—-"’—“ UPtOWN CAMPUS

 

lfJUAtl

 

 

Come out and Vote!

for Central Council, SASU/Student Assembly
and Who‘s Who

Tuesday, Sept. 18
Wednesday, Sept. 19

Uptown Quads 8. Commuters vote at CC Main lounge
10am-3pm
Alumni Ouad vote at Alumni Quad Caleleria
4:30pm-6:30pm

Voters‘niustrltove ID and't‘ux cord to votel

 

A 1.15/\ N Y S'I‘UDliN'l' PRESS

'l'llliSDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 197 l

Section Time Room
3 9:35—10:30 Bldg 02
5 10:40-11:35 Q2
7 11:45-12:40 Q2
12 2:30—4:20 104 Sieno Holl Th
Adventure training classes in Karate, Skiing, and Orienteering (Participation strictly voluntary):
Tuesdays 2:30 - 4:30, or 05 arranged.
To register you must secure a signed cross enrollment form from the Associate Dean, University College (SUNY campus);
second, you call 785-0501 or 785-581 1, extensions 259,260, 261 (ROTC Sieno College) for admittance to a section;
third, you bring the cross enrollment form to the Registrar, Sieno College (Sieno Hall) and register for the fall ,semester.
These actions must be completed by Monday, September 24 in order to secure admittance to Fall closses*.
VE'I'S - See ad, page 15
PAGE NINETEEN

TUESDAY, SEPTEMBEH 18, 1973 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

