. was, ” of-

 

instead of contributing to our under
standing of the real world, it seems our
academic institutions have only contrr
bu ted to our ignorance.

Our academic industry is busy trainingii
new breed of specuilists, people who
focus on only narrow segments of reality,
while our country faces problems of
national and global import

'l'hese academic institutions llilVl' been
inculcaiiiig techniqucs of "critical
analysis“, which prevent the indivnlual
from synthesizing knowledge about the
behavior of whole, real persons. The end
result of this failure to understand the
behavnir of “whole persons" has been
tragic Two of its most obvious (‘XCl‘f‘h
seiices were the Great Society programs,
and the Vietnam War. Our “War on
l’oVI-rty” was lost because it created ii
bureaucracy which only aggravated thiI
problems it was designed to soIVe.

And the Vietnam war did not "stop
(Ioiiiintiiiisni", but only sitcceeilerl in
destroying one country and divuliiig
another wllllt' killing hundreds of thou
sands and making refugees of llllllIlth
more.

in large part ll was the failure to direct
the intelligence of ariciety toward a new
understanding of-lichaVior, of the “whole
society" tlial caused [belie serious break
downs,

How, exactly, did this full“! about"

Substance ignored

Much of it can be ascribed to an
intentional iiiirrowncsa in educational
scope, and of an increasingly detrimental
specialization, which has created barriers
to unified underutandingii ’l‘he alin of
education seems to be to make the
student converuant in only one special-
ized area. rather than understanding
where each specialized area of knowledge
is located in the large whulc.

And in each of these specializations,
arguments over methodology have he
come of paramount importance. The
truly important arguments of substance

 

by Ull‘llll non Noiill'lz

are too often ignored.

This process is occurring while our
social reform policies are largely failing,
aiid while llie problems facing us appear
evr-r farther from solution. In this time of
failure of social reforms, it seems only
sensible lliat llic intelligence of society
should l)l- directed toward making sure
such failures do not recur But, it is noi

It would make sense ihiil the lllll'lll
gi'iice of our society he directed toward a
lll‘w understanding of the whole person
llut this is not being done

instead, we liiiVe become locked into
mere: mg iiiirrowni-ss. as epitomized iii
the desire for "critical analysis". the
major goal of which is simply lo I‘rll,ll'll.l'
Priority goes to appearing knowledgeable
but not to true, coiisirui'tIVe under
standing of social prolileiiis

Social critics are not required in possess
any overarching perspectivvs They are
not required to liiiild where they have
destroyed. No one can possibly know all
the work that is being done, Vl'l the
critics inUst appear knowledgeable about
iill of it. They do this by L‘rllll‘lllllg

Political chsntists, in the '14 al to l)l‘
come "scientific", have largely avoided
the dangerous topic of polilics
And so ii iii with sociologists, and other
social scientists. The debate between ihe
empiricistn and I’lllltrflllllrilh, between he
liiivniriilisrii and ll’llllllllllllillhlll, and be
tween proponents of M'It‘llllflt' method
and the pllenomeriologistr. has only Ailllllh
rated the real issue» mvolvr-il
Admittedly, (llkt‘llhhlull of methodology
is )ustlfied. However, ilh it is presently
practised, the discussion over method
clogy and the preoccupation Willi
“crltlcal analysis" has reached an extreme
where it is focused almost entirely on its
dentructhe aspects.

The conclusion is oliVioiiu. ()ur
academic institutions have produced
knowledge which iii too narrow to deal
with the basic problems America faces
todiiv.

  

4 o r

. ., “to... 1a,..«uwm .u

  

most sciiously afl‘ccicd

 

"iris Er labors

‘.'Tl'ia man who ls~.stlll laughing
has not yet heard the news."

Brecht

 

lFSA Fumbling Along

With last semester's formulation of an FSA personnel policy, part and
full—time workers achieved some level of security from arbitrary dismissals.

However, .the FSA personnel policy has not always been followed.
Norbert Zahm, Director of FSA, drafted the personnel policy single-
-handedly and single—mindcdly. Any policy statement drafted by only one
side, a side of FSA fat with management, fat with management payroll, and
fat with a history of management errors, can only be interpreted as

biased—biased like a debate with only one side present.

Student workers returning last fall were asked to read and comply with
the policy regulation or not work. Apparently, management has iioi read or
understood its own directives (the policy stipulates a 5-ClilV iioiii'c with
scvcrcncc before firing part-time employees). The FSA pcrsoiincl policy sci
down generally accepted mctliods of settling gricuinccs and roiidiiioiis of
cmploynicnt. 'l'lic policy offcrcd only the most token benefits to \Vorkrrs
{$.05 ixiisc annually, minimum wagcs io siaril. 111 .iii effort to si.ivc oil

Sllltlt'lll llllI'L'Sl

'l'lic l’iiA board of llncctois .llltl iis iii;iii.igci.~. have allowed in loin ycai's

.ii siiidcni L'Vpclisi'.

'l‘lic SUNYA liill|h\llil‘t‘ to go from making an $80,000 profii 1H
.lt't'Llllllllilfth' four year losscs ofovcr $400,000.

The (.‘ainpus (Iciiici kitilicn, spt‘cial liiniiions, and l’airoon ltooin io

iicvci show .iii .mnuiil profit since ilic opciiing in 1008. Four \‘cni‘s

iit‘tiiiuulaiivc losscs cm ccd 3700,0001

rtbc colossal blunder of real cstatc acquisitions and leasing io fatiiliv,

iulniiiiisiraiors. .ll rciiis bclow par without binding lL‘ilHi‘S illltl sccuriiv

ilcpositsnopcriitiblc liisscs from ilicsc at lions cxcccd $100,000.

-rlic lcasiiig of FSA lil‘l‘lc’t’s iiiio lixci iiiivc l’aik 'l'owcr ill 35,5000 a chn'

liir six ycars ([lircc yc.iis io goi.

In sliori, as l-‘SA owns up. it is tlic low rung pan and full time i-iiiplorccs

L'fl'lll’h.

A b VVllt'll managcrs .Il'L‘

‘i'csign cd . "

who are laid off to tonipcnsaic for iii.iii;igcri.il

Bob i)iNovo niaiiagcr of lllt' liooksiorc "rt-signed” in August 1070.

.ililiougli lie was kept on ilic payroll iliroiigli l)cccnibcr |‘)70.

lSoli (.‘oolcy FSA lixciniivc l)irccior, “rcsigiicd” in April 1071 although

his duties wcrc partly siispciidcd lll Novciiilicr of 1970, he was t‘ill‘l‘lt'tl on
ilic FSA payroll .ii a full salary of $25,500 through Novcnibcr 1‘17 1.

ho iluiiisy is l‘SA s iiiaiiagcmcni, it has liccn succcsslul in liui iillL‘ thing:

'l'lic iciiurc system is a mess.

losing ovci $51,010,010 in .isscts plus UVCI' $1,000,000 additional prof-n from
dormitory |l|I'.ll \Illlfl'ilt is in four years.

Some Small Encouragement

'i'li.ii's ilic conclusion we glcgiiicd from this year‘s irop ol «oniiovcisial

.Illll lllllt'l'N.

.ciiuic cases, including [bust of Waterman, (iiiodiiiaii, South and lli‘lllll‘lt li,

So l.ii ii ,ippcars ilicrc is prci ions liiilc iin.iiivc on this t.lllll)lls loi solid

rcform. Mt'illlWllllt', siudcnl rcpi'cscniaiion is still grossly unlialanrcd. .lllil

the various lctti-rs ol ii.iiisiiiiii.il .iiid mcmos -.iill icm.ini Ill lin kcd lilcs.

About llic only ciicouiaging sign was ilic proposal rci‘cnlly suliiiiiticd [o

(Iciiii'al (Iotiiiiil for ilic loiiiialiiin of .i siudciil itillllllllll'l' lo i‘cvicw .ill
lt'lllllt‘ (.iscs. The body would bc sci up Illlltll llhl'lllt’ |":itii|iy l’cisonncl
(Ioiiiniiticc, or the lliiiycisiiy l’i‘iiiiioiioiis (iouncil, l)lll would have no li'gal
.iuiliority. its moral authority. however, would lli‘ strong as it Would acrvc

.is lllt' only viable ouilci loi' ilic siudlnl Vii-wpoini on ll'llll .il i.l\l'\.

We liilly support ilic iic.ilioii of suili .1 body. ’l'lic .idiiiiiiisliaiion has

i)Wll.

  
   

A.

-"i‘r 1'.
mm. ‘

l'flll’ltlt’lf in I We
Editor-in-Chlcf

gaiy llCCldldl

Editorial Pages

gtunn von nostril

> Arts
News andy pulley
arm 0 bunker bill brina
mindy ailman spnns

kaitiy eckerle
Off Campus

bob mayor

harry schwartz

brucu niaggin

ken arduirio
l’rcvlcw

leslle dam
Editorial Board determines policy.

,‘kirunévmm<':w*vvb mam «mummier Mp n

     

liccii unwilling to givc us .i l't‘ill thltt'. The only .illci'iialivr I" [ll .iii on oui

Technical
rob .iiiiisli

Advertising
liriila llllllé‘

bi tlldll liruln rte-.iiioiid
lldllY wow" Business
Circulation pliil mark
_ '0“ WW“ Ad Production
Exchange ilebbic ltacmcn
mark lilcotuky sheila 5t.llulikulll
Photography nary sussinan

Classified Ads
Ldllly ganok
Graflltl
rulli Sibley

jay rosanberg
dawd slawsky

liri all
ilu onl Ill.

 

Office: (30320 Phodc: 467-2190 J

 

 

 

 

 

 

Today's Absurdily

To the editor:

We, the members of the Campus Coali-
tion, would like to bring to the attention
of the campus community a situation
which we feel typiﬁes the arbitrary power
of the student government bureaucracy.

Around the time of the Christmas vaca-
tion, Sweetfire, the radical underground-
style student newspaper, decided to cease
publication. $3600 remained in our
budget unspent. At this same time, the
heaviest bombing in world history was
being carried out against the population
of North Vietnam. Though these terror-
bombings were ordered by Dick Nixon,
these crimes were committed in the name
of the American people.

That same week, a secret grand jury in
Warsaw County handed down indict-
ments against numerous Inmates and
ex-inmates who were in Attica during the
rebellion in Sept. 1971. Forty‘two
prisoners and guards were massacred by
State Troopers at that time under the
orders of Nelson Rockefeller. Three
months earlier ('72)-— the state-appointed
McKay Commission had placed the blame
for the blood-bath on Commissioner
Oswald and Rockefeller.

It was with these major international
and national events very much in people‘s
minds, that the chelfi're staff requested
that the $3500 remaining in our budget
be donated:

1' To rebuild Bach Mai i'lospitaf thi-
largest civilian facility in North Vietnam
which was wiped out on Dec. 15) and 22
by 852's. That the money be donated to
Medical Aid For lndochina, Bach Mai
Emergency Relief Fund whose sponsors
include Ramsey Clark, George Wald, Paul
McCloskcy, Bella Abzug, and Julian
Bond.

2- To the Attica Defense Committee for
the legal defense of the Attica prisoners
The defense committee includes lawyers,
former inmates and members of the
Observors Committee who helped to
negotiate such as Councilman Arthur (J
Eve from Buffalo and Tom Wicker ol llll'
New York Times.

The Central Council agreed that $11500
could he donated to Each Mai through a
speaker and $1000 to the Attica Defensi-
Committee again through an honorarium
for a speaker. The money, we were told,
could not be appropriated until we had
arranged the speaking engagement 'i'em
porarily - we were told - the money from
the newspaper budget was returned to the
Central Council's budget.

The people in the Campus Coalition, a
recogniled student organization which is
involved in web social Justice issues as
these, went ahead and contacted the
organizations involvud and made arrange
ments for Bill Kuntsler for Altii'a and
Noam Chomsky from Bach Mai lo come
to SUNYA.

A couple of days before llll' regular
'l'liursdiiy Central Council meeting which
would haVe officially voti-d llll‘ money
for the speakers, illl l'lmi-rgeiicy ("J
melding of the Central (kiuucil volt-(l
their entire remaining budget (including
the .‘s'iiii'r‘ll'ire money) i'iiiisisliiig of oVi-r
$10,000, plus a huge sum from lbc
(.‘onccrl lioard to offer the Alliiiiiii
Brothers Band (I grand iolal of $30,000
(yes, $Ilti,000‘i to perform iii the l‘alacc
’l‘lieiitre lllll' night Ill March

'l'lils great fiivoi' liesliiweil (iii the sin
dent body by llll'lI'l‘lljil‘lt‘llllln lllll'l‘illll'l.|t'\
will only cost lax card carrying students
four bucks ii l'll'lltl lo illll'llll All otlii-is
will pay $8!

Willie ll still may be possible liii llil‘
(lonlitioii to gel small hillll‘. Iioiii olhei
sources for speakers iii Ilic iii-ar llllllit'.
Wl‘ were oliViiiusly si'ri'vvcd .iiiil should
lll‘Vcr llilVl' lilltl'li iln-si- l)l||t'.|l|l'|.|l'r .Il
their word

The principles llthith‘ll are obvious The
obscenity of spending $110,000 [or a rock
'ii‘roll circus including iniiney iliai was
Nbecificiilly promised for rebuilding a
ciViliiui hospital and for liiwvi'lh lu
l‘l‘pi‘eiient poor people is beyond wiii'dn

Wt’ feel that llllii in an lllhllll lo llie
entire university communily lliiw such
lmlly bureiiiii'riitn Willi llll'll' warped M'Ilst'
0f priorities, nol lo mention nioi‘nlily.

can claim to speak Ill llll' name o1 1|

 

  
  
 

student body, many of whose members
have resisted, organized, and demon-
strated against the lndochina war and the
war against black and poor people for
years; is beyond all reason.

This abuse surely must be investigated
by the students and their media and
hopefully an apology will be made to this
campus and the injustice rectified.

The Campus Coalition

0 t i

The! Just About Sums ll Up

To the editor:

I’ve been trying to find the right words
to express my feelings to the students
who are responsible for my getting
tenure, but everything 1 can think of
sounds like an understatement, [can only
hope that since they know how much i
love my work, they know how 1 must feel
about the people who made it possible
for me to continue doing that work.

Since so many excellent teachers are
having their contracts terminated this
year, i feel like the sole survivor of a
holocaust-vvery glad to be alch, but very
lonely. However, if victory win,- act-0m.
plished in my case, it can be accom.
plished in others. Therefore, 1 think it’s
important to look at the Variables that
accounted for my receiving tenure.

l bi’lievc that the major factor was the
student movement. It is important to
note that although the movement had
widespread student support, it was no! a
mass movvmcnt. Rather, the bulk of
work and planning was carried out by a
small number of people who had a clear
undi'rstanding of the moral issues that
were involved, a confidencu in their own
ability to control events, and a determina
tion to keep working until they won.
'i'heir Victory is an illustration no! of the
power of large masses, but of the power
of indiViduals,

A second important factor was the
sustained press coverage and the full
public disclosure of all official (locu~
men's. i believe lhal the siroiigest deter-
reiil lo irrational lieliaVior on Llll‘ part of
.idniinislraiou is llii-ir knowledge that
their behavior 1‘. “DP” lo ])lll)lil‘ scrutiny.
ln iiislaiii'cs Wlll‘l‘l' disclosure dot-s mil
serve as .i dcterreiil to irresponsible lit“
liavuir. ll will still serve to expose 11.,
Another advantage of llic publication of
official documents is that students can
fight more effectively if they liaVe all the
facts al their disposal l()liviously, the
ASP cannot print everyone's letters of
transmillal. llowever, distribution of
mimeogrnplied copies would be equally
effective l

While I followed all the procedures
outlined iii the Faculty Handbook,
neither 1 nor the students permitted our
iiclivuies to be limited by the procedures
M‘l up by the administration For exam
ple, .i study on ('itiitioii frequency was
conducted by an alumnus and released to
the press, and sludeiits, alumni, and
purl-ills wroli- letters to t'liiiiicelliir Boyer
and legislators if it had been necessary, I
would havv taken my case to [be tax
payers ()iii- caniiol hope to reVi-rse a
decision of an entrenched bureaucracy
solely by using the channels created by
llial bureaiii'racv ii is important lii re
pI-aledlv prcsI-Iil llll'lll Willi iiiicxpi-i'li-(l
challenges which malo- ll dill'ii'ult for
llieiii to i'cspiinil lll lbeir safe. roiiliue
illillllll'l' 'l'lie bigness of bureaucracies,
wliu'li l‘» one of their mayor assets when
woi king tliioiigli esliiblislil'il i'liaiiiii'ls, l)l'
comes a liability to them when working
on iiiilaniiliai ground

ll should be I‘l'l'tiﬂlll/J‘ll lliiil iii no time
did any lllll|\'|ll|l.ll engage in oi lhreali-n ii
Violent or disruptive ill'l Altaiiimg uni-'s
rights by \iolaling llii-riglils of others is
morally uiipislilialili- Some people haw
erroneously interpreted our lill'l\ of Vio
li-nci' .|\ iiidii‘nled lli.il we suppoil tlii-
ll'llllli‘ giniiliiig system at SUNYA liiol
only lllllll .ocI-pt the legitimacy of Ibis
\Vkll‘lll. bui Home to help bring about its
M.” “maul-.1 ili'liilsl' However, I refuse
to resoil lo iiiimiiinl nicniis Iii iiiilei‘ to
achieve this end

I hope lllill my presencc at this IIIHVI'r
my w.“ .irrivllll‘ .. i-oiislaiil reminder lo
siiiilenls llldl they lInVe llll‘ power to alter
Ilie coursi- of events .iIiiI lu i'imli‘ol their

own iii-siiiiies
(‘iirol Wiilcrniiin

 

 

 

The Most Onerous Tax

by Mike McGuire

OnCe upon a time, there was a state. It
was an empire, in fact, though a crumb-
ling one to be sure. And in the capital of
the empire lay a great university whose
name was lost in antiquity, but was
known affectionately as Sunny.

And once there was a great debate in
Sunny, yea in all of the capital and all of
the empire-state. For the student leaders
of Sunny had levied a tax to pay for
myriad activities, some of which didst
outrage the citizens of the empire. And so
the imperial leaders didst say, “But do
the students approve of these activities
set down by the leader's?", and hey didst
setup a vote on the students’ tax.

So the arguments didst. rage against the
tax. “Shalt the men who sleep with other
men be given their own section in the
yearbook?", asked some, “Shall godless
communism run rampant in the school
newspaper? Shall the radio station say it
is on the 'left hand side of the dial? is
nothing sacred?"

And the arguments didst rage for the
tax: “Are we to have no newspaper? No
radio station? is our yearbook to show
only those rare happy moments in life?"
Some did say that it wouldn‘t matter if
they were all dead anyway.

The debate divided even the leaders of
the students, as well as the studean
themselves. “Shouldst one have to pay

for activities one does not support or
beneﬁt by?" said half the school. “But
any community has the right to tax itself
for the common good," said the other
half.

The day of the great vote came near.
The students were to vote on whether the
tax was to be required of all. And until
the third day before the vote, no man
could tell how the vote would go.

And then the great Senator Richard
Summerhorn didst come to Sunny to'
speak of the evils of the tax. “It is an
onerous tax, one that will spread filth and
depravity over your picturesque campus.
It will turn you all into atheistic perverts
who smoke marijuana all day, who in-
dulge in premarital sex, and who, who,
who believe in equal distribution of
wealth of the wealth of the empire! I beg
you to think about it!"

And the students didst go back to their
rooms, and they didst think about it
deeply. And no more debate was heard
on the campus.

And the great vote was held, and they
didst vote for we tax two for every one.

And this didst mystify many, until the
chairman of the Central People‘s Council
didst explain it to the empire. "Until
Senator Summer-horn spoke, nobody real-
ized the advantages of the tax,“ said Ken
Smokem with a twinkle in his eye, “1 just
hope that we must live up to the expec»
tations.”

 

 

 

 

Be Curl on Smith

To the editor.

The administration is in the process of
denying tenure in (‘.urt Smith of the
English Department A number of other
people are working in favor of his tenure
it seems their efforls are not paying off.
And the anger and the frustration are
growing (furl Hmilli has maintained the
calm; he has directed his supporters that
lliis is to be ill) orderly effort He does
not wanl anyone who is helping him to
be pill in a light spol Some people are
beginning to wonder if llll‘ kid glovvs
should come off

So far, it is very difficult to see where
decorum, politeness, and attention to the
proper channels h.iVi- really helped, l’er
liaps the people judging [his case do not
l't'lilI/A‘ that someone can be orderly yet
angry as bell. The old feeling of “being a
sludi-nl means nothing" i'clurns One
wonders what it feels like to be an
unli-nured faculty member (Perhaps if lll‘
cats iii the righl places, Willi the right
people, and espouses the right political
and educational theories, he hasn't so
much to worry about The trick is to
figuri- out winil “right” means.) The
feeling of "screaming but no sound is
heard" returns. Most of all, the feeling
that the administration at least parl of
il talks ii foreign language creeps back
The credibility giip becomes tangible
again

('ui'l Smith is being denied [tenure and
the reasons are still not apparent. The
excuses offered so far do not make. sense
Perhaps the administration feels the stu-
dents will sleep through this issue For
the most part, the English Student (Joni

mittec, eight elected undergraduate repre-
.entatives with voting power in the de-
partment, do not think you should sleep
through this one. We have seen what is
going on. it is not honest. It looks as
though someone is afraid of an honest,
committed, verbal man; afraid of a teach-
or who is popular, even when his students
must work in his courses; afraid of
someone who has politics different from
his own.

For your own sake, as well as Mr.
Smith's, find out what has been happen-
ing. Take an interest. if you do, we know
you will be willing to help. Thai is how
ridiculous this is. All you have to know is
the truth W the fact that a qualified man

l’h.D., publications, excellent teacher —
is being denied tenure not becaUse of a
deficiency of merits, but because of . , "
Contact (Iurt Smith. Or call Stacey Jarii
(457-5257) or Chris Masterson
l157~3021l The time has come to speak
loudly on this issuc.

Chris Masterson
Stacey larit
Chairwomen, English Stiidenis' Committee

. o i

Blue Lows Make Her Blue

To the editor:

Douglas Le Comte, in the Feb 16 ASP,
effectively “knocked our Sunday blue
lilWh willi the help of 11 L Mencken
Unfortunately, Mr. la,- (Iomli- refused to
“quit when he was ahead“ and mud to
use a fidtyear-old quote of Mr Mencken's
as an argument in favor of protecting this
nation's “poor rich" from paying their
full‘ share of the burden (financial, of
course] of this "glorious" nation

l'd like to ask Mr Le (Tomle how he
could imagine the iloralio Alger ethic
applying to if ghetto kid whose cliiincesw'
effective education havv been virtually
wiped~out by budgel ('lth enacted to
stave off burdening our “noble, poor
rich."

Mr. Li: Comte, how can you possibly
equate envy with hopeless desperation.
My addition to the closing statement of
Dr ltobcrt ilienuw's article which im~
mediiiiely followed yours in Friday ‘i. ASP
Will end my letter

"Four more years of saber rattling. four
more years of this bleeding of oiii Lind.
[our more years of lilirlolil liiiiiiaii dism-
gurd these, as a Viable nation. we
cannot stand "

Nancy llonling

 

L'oiiuiiuimalums should lie lVlH‘
wrilluri arid atldienud lo

l'lllltlllal l’aue lduoi, Ahi’,
bUNVIX, Campus t'eiilui .IL‘o,
Albany NY. l.‘.‘.';'

Unless liiuie are ulldlltldlﬂllj iiiriiiii
slaucus, all Iulleis must he signed

 

 

 

 

 

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1973

PAGE ELEV EN

   

