  
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

x'
E

 

 

 

rn up.

 

 

my.

 
  

“all,

In,

 

m—
."f"

 

\ﬁ:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
    

Cons

by Douglas LeConite
Once upon a time long ago
Italphy boy stood up and said
that a certain innovative
rear-engined automobile go-
ing by the name of Corvair
was not safe at any speed.
Wondrously. people actually
listened and believed the
man With the baby face even
though those who drove the
things swore by them.
Anyways. the workmanship
on American autos did seem
to leave something to be
desired. and suddenly
something called con-
sumerism was born. Years
later it was finally to be
proven by extensive and ex-
pensive government tests
that ltalpliy was entirely
wrong. that in fact the weird
car With the engine in back
was at least as safe. if not
safer. than the other cars of
that time. But it was too late.
The damage had been done.
The Corvair foroiie reason oi
another was (lead and
ltalphy's reputation as the
saviour to hordes of misled.
deceived and ignorant con-
sumers was fixed.

So ltalph Nader
organizations have Jlllll|)tid
up and burst forth all over
the place. all eager to protect
the unwary consumer from
the results of his misguided
shopping decisions. But wait
a second! "What's wrong
with letting a buyer know if
he is getting a raw deal and
helping him get his money
back if he does?" you ask iri-
creduloust to anyone who
dares attack the sacred cow
of consumerism. Nothing.
nothing at all if that is as far
as it goes. Deceptive adver-
tising and shoddy merchan
disc is with us everywhere

umerism is a Fraud?

and should be exposed. but
these consumer groups go
one important step further
Not content With lusttllhpcll
sing information to aid acon-
sumer in making a decision.
they call on the government
to regulate and control the
goods on the market. thereby
taking the decision process
outol‘thehandsofthebuying
public and into the sweaty
grips of government
bureaucrats.

Several years ago one of
Nader's organizations
declared the Volkswagon
bug to be dangerous. All
right. iiiaybeitis.'l'liis writer
in fact detests this grotesque
little import which was a
product of a fascist State and
looks it. but this writer
believes that if people Wish
to buy an iigiy. repulsive. un-
safe automobile it is their
right to do so. lint not ltalph
Nader He believes the car
should be banned from this
country liccaiise Nader does
not like fl. no one should be
allowed to have it He wants
the government to step in
from
ourselves He wants
Washington fnireaucrats to
iiecide what the American
people can buy and what they
cannot.

and protect us

The unfortunate results of
consumerism are
everywhere. Washington
seems to cringe at every
pronouncement the Nader
group makes. Congressmen
rush to outdo each other at
becoming champions of the
consumer.“ Government
regulatory agencies have
taken on awesome powers.
from the Federal Drug Ad
ministration to the Federal
Trade Commission to the

 

        

'..ilimii.il lli_‘,li'i'.ii_‘. Ili‘l .i.i‘v
li. liiiiciiii llii- l‘lJA l'vlf‘iililL"
us how much Vitamin l‘l we
can buy. while the
bureaucrats in that
organization keep life-
saVing' drugs off the
American market. The
Department of 'l‘ransporta-
tioii keeps various exciting
and exotic imported cars off
the market because they do
not conform to U.S. bunipei
rules or various other so-
called "safety" standards.
Such standards. Ill fact. ban
the use of liiglipowei'cd Eu-
ropean drivmg lights which
increase nighttime driving
safety. Such is the stupidity
rampant in Washington
those days.

The consunierists add fuel
to the stupidity. ’l‘hey preach
idealism and equality yet
they are elitist They are in
effect saying to the
American people "you are
too stupid and ignorant to
know whats good for you.
therefore I shall decide what
you buy ' 'l'lic consuinerists
do not want money. ltalpli
Nader does not wish to be
l'i'esident. hopefully. | to does
not want a life of Wine.
women and song. (jeneral
Motors tried luring him With
women. but ltalphy's not iii-
terested in girls. Maybe he
wants control over people.
Maybe .illd motivation is
power. as is the motivation of
many who say they are ser-
ving the public good. but
whatever the reasons
behind the hysterical
yulpings of the consumerist
crowd, they do not support
freedom of choice and iii-
dividual responsibility. two
great ideals which are rapid-
ly diminishing in this eouii
try today.

 

...... -..._w.....

QUOTE OF THE DAY

“Our students are sexually potent enough wit

hout vitamin E.”
Dr. Janet Hood

  
 
  

Today and tomorrow, in the campus center and on the
downtown campus. SUNYA students will have the op-
portunity to elect their peers to a. variety of positions.
Elections are being held for Central Council seats.
SASU/Student Assembly delegates and nominations
for Who’s Who in American College Students.

Over the years. it has been the practice on this campus
to elect all Central. Council representatives at the end of
the preceding spring semester. This past Spring.
however. only three-fourths of the seats were filled.
leaving seats on all quads and off-campus to be filled in
the fall. This was done to allow incoming transfers and
freshmen a say in choosing their Council represen-
tatives.

The infant organizations. SASU and the Student
Assembly. are both attempts at coordinating student
governments across the SUNY system. A basic
difference lies in the sponsorship of each. SASU (the
Student Association of the State University) is an in-
dependent corporation established some three years
ago and now getting underway at its new headquarters
in Albany. The Student Assembly is the brainchild of
the ClutnCelloi"s office. drawn up along Central Ad-
ministration guidelines and nnsworable to SUNY Cen-
tral. Student lciidcrs‘ see the purported lunct ioiisoi l‘itl'il
to be overlapping lll maiiv ill’l‘il‘. and lilt‘l'l'ifil'i‘
iwi 'itlllllt'lliii'ti electing lfii‘li'lf .il delegations l‘iy dome
no lili‘ iii':;iiiii/..i|ii-ii-. ” iil \ lli‘iilii‘. iin-igi- .iiid iilf‘ ill
it‘li“.". and (lift < llHl‘. of iii"  v. if i-oiiii llil' liii‘ll‘ll,
avoiding the liasnli-sol "‘illii .ol it Long pols-iv i and ii-rnil
lrtllt iiiofli-ctiizilify.

'l‘lic elections for SAHU and Student Assembly are ol
particular importance at this time. What decisions are
made and policies outlined now will determine the
direction taken by these organizations and their future
role in the SUNY system. While all the candidates have
something to offer. it would be wise to make sure thatat
least one of the two elected has a good deal of
background in student government. A Working
knowledge 0fthe"system"is essential. KenStokemanil
Dave Galletly have both “been around." At the same
time a fresh and challenging outlook would foster iii-
novativeness and a differing perspective. The Wisest
course to take would be to electoiie experienced SUNYA
student and one newcomer to complement each other in

our representation.

 

Editor-in—Chiei
Ann E Bunker

 

it

News Editor
Glenn veri Nosiitr

Technical Editor
ill Chuli

Associate Technical Editor:
Mott Meyer
Mike Rmuntruob

Associate News Editors
Mindy Altman
que terrier

Arty Editor
letlie Duvis

Classified Advertising Manager
(:oihy (mock

Editorial Page Editor
Mitch iron

Business Manager
Jriiiy Aiiﬂfftitl

Gruififi Editor
Wendy Asher

Spam Editor
Bruce Moggin

Associate Sports Editor
Ken Arduino

Advertiiing Production
(.iridy Bennett
Slieilo Scheokein

Advertising Manager Gary 5”“"‘0"

Lindo Mull

Photography Editor!
Arthur Goodman
Jay Rosenberg

Airedale Advertiilng Manager
tiridu Deimend

llw Albany lie-lord 'r-u u .mi-iuii-a lwtll "vii, by of. sham-i A wuiim. of "in sun. enamel, of at.
uni elAlhooy Ii "lurid-d tryIlivrlurndulmylfudlnl quaint-ii... helluiliiuni-IiitliuiI-rlluullul Dun-Hum
url in awn» an and m of "Al rump.» cum». and w. pin“... m. or i iwimui m l i w tuiimmi ,.ui.i y u
dot-minim! by litl iiiuiiimi stunt

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Communications

A-Day

Success

To the editor:
On behalf of the Student
Association and Special
Events Board. I would like to
thank you for your editorial
in last Friday's Asp pointing
out increased student in-
terest in their campus lives.
Your editorial properly
pointed out that "apathy"
has been an excuse rather
than a cause of the lack of
successful events on cam-
pus. Much credit should go to
.ludy Bialer. who chaired
Fall Activities Day this year.
but perhaps the most credit
should go to those students
who proved that they are in-
terested in molding the on
ivcrsity.
'l'hank you very lllllt'il Ioi
your support.
Sincerely yours
Steve Gerber. l‘rcsiih-ni
Student Association

by Connie Coyne

Ancient Greek mythology
providesastrikingimagcfor
the complexities of
American society. The
llydra was a monster With
many heads. and each head
that was cut oil would be
replaced by multiple heads
Analogously. we now find
one problem being solvi-d
only by introducing lliUi‘i'
and perhaps greater
problems.

a major dilemma

ltecord:keeping is one
relatively new such prmlii-a
nient.’l‘licsocialbenefitsnnil
economic gifts dispensed by
the Federal (ioverniiiciii
after World War ll required
millions oi records to he
kept. and to keep the records
meant compromising on the
privacy of the indivnfuiils
who were
benefitted. ltecanse the
records were centralmad.
and often available to othei
than the agency \‘Villi'il
gathered them. and because
deceitlulnuss had to be
prevented. it soon required

supposedly

l'lHllDI'UiiilHliig theprivai-yoi
many. many more. (,‘rmn-
detection and prevention.
likewmc. ii desirable end it)
itself is ii similar problem
because of fit» need for rapid
personal identification llllf'
the fact verification requires
centralized. thorough iiilor
mation iioti'age. Hice nobody
knowsii which criminals are
going to go straight after
release from prison. or
which suspects are going to
be found guilty. if. is deemed
the public good to ac
euiniilate information on nil.
to keep track of them all. and
to let future employers and

Order and Liberty :

To The Editor:

I. spent a very disillusioning freshman year at a small
private college in the northern reaches ofNew York State. Ohe
of the disillusioning aspects at this institution ofhigher lear-
ning was the conservative, and at ti mes reactionary attitud- OF
the students. most of whom came from small towns in the
northeast. These attitudes were all leftovers from the
cretinish 1950‘s. and the one which was most predominantwas
seXism. it was my feeling that this could be explained by two
facts: it) an overwhelming majority of the students did ‘come
from "Small Town America." where such attitudes persist.
and b) the school's enrollment was 90% male. having only
become co-cd a few years ago. So. With optimism in my mind
and a song in my heart. 1 transferred to SUNYA, expecting
people‘s attitudes to be more reminiscent of the 1970's. After
only two ivceks. however. I discovered l was wrong. The fact
that this school isiilmostbil’) woincn. andthe obscrvutionthat
many students come from the "progressive" metropolitan
area of N. Y C. does iintalter theairof scxrsin on the campus. I
discovered the old familiar collections of studs. whose at~
titudcs towards \\‘Ii[ll('ll reflect that of master towards slave.
boss towards \voi ki-i. oppii-ssor towards oppressed. This is
not merely ii augm- li‘l‘illlLﬁ. it has been manilcstcd many
times as when \iomcii \\'i‘l'i‘ .idniilli-d il't‘i‘ to parties to Willf'il
men had In pay an .idiiiissioii lll'lf‘f' 'lIu-i'c Wi'l‘i’ also the or
i'llll'lll in». of mm i-i.i| ll.lli‘f'llli]t‘.‘1 plastering lili'll‘ obnoxnnis
leaflets .iioiind the campus inviting only "girls." as they refer

to them. to lilt‘lt lJl‘i‘l pai firs It Would be tlll_|llSl. however. noi

 

  

Is There a Conﬂict?

I'l'l'filifll'k. m on lili"xf'l‘l ti-s for With lill' iin'i'casmg‘iisi-ol the

lill'll' oivn llllili'i'lliill sorial sccuritv number

Ni'i'i“.~..i|‘\ lif"»llifi)il' \‘I”».iii '"l'lfilll'lHN llllit‘llflt’tl tii i)l‘ ii

llll' new of some “i haii i‘lilillill'llllitl nunibcr for

‘l“"‘i’l)lflli lliiilliei-1 keeping \Uf'lili security ac
counts \traiglifi .is a nu
bureareratic problems l\'i‘l“iill irli-niifim fl is get
Himnmlh “W”, a“. Hum. lllltgl‘ithli'l'illllll';t‘.li'l' for an
(“lhllllmWlwhﬂ‘“Tum” My individual s “liltii' lilc
iiimiulialivc pl flamint'. lo l“““"" "1 imlmiN'U'th I‘ll-5"”
llllilllf'lili. and fri-(pii-ntly

ilifll‘nli‘lillll oi
‘uii‘lifl hibi- availalilt‘ follii'

li‘t'lil’il}, of
sliitus i-g
i'i'gislralioii (if I\ 1‘] s in l'll‘wi‘.

iiiaii mgr. voter
l'iirious sci-kcr.

Willi publicly.i\.iil.ihli- lll

loiiiiafioii usually pivnidcif

by the lil'l'ulll iiiipiw-.lioii iii

it'iiltln‘lli'i' \\lli1'l| l‘\1£:|il|"|""| bandwagon or solution?
lioni .l‘Hulrt‘lillf'fi .iiiil .u'
Hilliil‘llllit'h An lll‘th Advisory (,‘om
lllllli‘l' on Automated l’i-i
Hilllili llata Systems last
month completed ii study of
this problem Looking ill. the
data processing hydra more
from a i'lVli liberties pointof

i‘uaiiifiini'cs
\\'l|lililllllll‘itlllthil‘lillf‘liililf‘
'tllllli‘l'i illlli )Qi-iiciiilly
preserved in coiifiiIi-iilialiiy
liii .i i'i'rliiiii li‘ilfif'lfilllll and
siiitirnii's such as main-yr.
itllli f'l‘ll‘ill‘» Ill \\i|lf'li lllf'
lfii'lllll_\ of the lilfll\liill.|| \lf‘W than from a counter
i'i-:.poiidi-iil is ki~pl ‘il'llilldll' i'i'vollilioiiiiry Ill law on-
llIl'f'i'llli'lll one. the

iiiliiinilfcI-linsnowdraffcda
'illl'_t'll"ili'4if'(tfit‘Illl‘lltll'illiiil'

lI'oIii lill' :ti‘lll-tl |l|ifrllli.iil-Iil
if It is ki-pl .ii .ill \‘\'|iiil
happens llfi\\'|'\‘|‘| .iiid \‘tl|_\‘

llli'lt' it. .i lililllii'lll. is that lll-lllf'll i'l'lil'lll'l‘h 'l'lici'oiirsie

their in Ii-nkiigc licfwr-cii of that pioposal through
f‘itil'll‘lll lf‘H ii revoki-il ('oiiglc‘m Will bc i‘i-vi-aliiig
ill l\l‘l llfl‘llﬁl' I.|ii iit’i‘lii llf'ilillfiItrl‘illn-I'nlht“
llillll'iil.lll\i'l in.i\ llll'li iip Iilllllt‘ii' piotct lioii of privati-
on .i |'| lllii‘ It'llltll fill/.f'll‘v hiifilllieng-lonllie
liiili'lligciiii‘i \\liiIliiii.iyigi'i bandwagon loo
fin-oi |illlillf'fi iiiio .iii in eiillilisiasln-ally the .o‘liial
‘illl.lll|‘l‘ ‘illl'\t"\ l‘iliillslii) plllpofiiils‘ llii-y mulu- WI“

I'lii' git-afi'sf ilill ||l l'xlilfllf' by “‘3” “"5” “VHHHUV 51’1""
liberal Hillf‘lll'll for public
ordci ir. ollcn ovi-i'whi-lim-d
by llilllll sympathy loi under
dogs by definition

Likewise, ionservnlivm
have apparently neglected
lill‘ issue it offers a Ll'li‘ify
balance of i'liVli liberties
Willi l'lVli' order something
(lliai'lihrii'il of often enough
but lill'l'iy brought to con-
i'l'ult' icons The need is im-
iniiiciii

iiiniiiiiiolh sloieliousi-s of
processed dafn known as
credit bureaus uhn-h fall
i)t‘i\Vl‘i'll the categories
'l‘licse nrc publii' to lilitt‘lllliii
creditors.biifsci'ri‘tlioiiillic
who it. being
(.‘orri-i'tioiis and

indivuliiiil
rei-orded
changes itf'i‘ iil lilt' mercy of
the computer. and mini s l'illl
ruin lives The individual is
ncvcr t‘illlll'lilllli'li Willi lili'
i-vulein-i: abouw

 

 

 

__..

'l'lJliSIJAY. fil‘ll’l'liMlililf I

if ill/l

Alli/\N'i’ .‘il'lll llaN'l l’lil'llili

Sexism: Has it Penetrated the Ivory Tower?

to mention that at least one sorority has had a. party to which
only men were invited. When I first became repulsively aware
of the parties which maintainedadiscriminatory price policy.
i thought the solution might be to do what some friends of mine
attempted at the State College at Potsdam. this Spring. This
involved the formation of a college law which required the
school administration to cease recognizing any organization
which had an unequal price policy. After some deliberation. I
came to the conclusion thatthis was the path to follow. It
is. if you will. a "revisionist" solution. It punishes those who
are only victims of a far superior oppression. Actually. if. is
not a solution at all. as we have centuries of history behind us
where crime was illegal. yet crime is still rising. This is
because the true criminal is the oppressive. unceasingly ex-
ploitive state. A revisionist solution will not end sexism.
racism. poverty. orcrime.buta wrong solution can. Rather
than constantly fighting among ourselves. something which
oiily increases the power of the state. we must recognize each
other as equals. unite and eventually overthrow the 0p-
pressors and exploiters. Sexism will notend until 0p-
prcssion ends. and so long as laws are made to punish the
fellow oppressed. oppression Will only continue. 1 ask you.
ilicn to publicly boycott any organizations which continue
sexist. or any other demeaning practices. and. more impor-

taiitly. explain to the members of these groups what equality

is. l-‘or we all have Within us an innate quality of mutualism

and egalitarianism. although If] some it is more latent than

others.
For a new world.

'l‘ommy Schcrbenko

Thusly Passeth Chaos

by Mitchell Zoler

As the cool winds from the north come down to impercep~
tivcly freeze us into our mold for the year. the movements
become less Violent. the actions less frenzied. the purposes
becomi- dulled.

|.ikc boiling Wittt‘l'. tlic sizzling first two Weeks here had
i-VI-i'yoni- biisying themselves Willi fountains and soltballs
and running to drop and running to add and buying books and
fry mg to i(I‘('|) from (Ii-hydrating and perhaps even going to
classes. all apparently fed by the constant. bi-nting sun

'l'bi- Wratbi'rbri vkc this Wei-k and suddenly the population in
front of the Campus (Jcntcr was liiilvcd and halved again. The
informality of pickup games was replaced With aniia flags
i‘ilitl'l' out across the fields at the setting orange glow that
lights. the action hurrying to finish before night). l’cople arc
‘wl‘f'lllf' Ill the knowledge of what has to be done Ill classes and
Wb.i1 really doesn't have to he done. what classes could be cut.
What papers could be procrastiniited over

(in Monday llu-Senatediscussed’l‘ln- li‘iri-nrinsl'olicy llu ring
lill' first two weeks strong positions were being taken.
demands being made and rejected. Student furor prompted a
thorough inspection of all the legal ramifications Aii lll'
ti'i'i-siing i'fillll'iilltiltliill was expected.

The student resolution that was introduced was. ill many
ways. exactly the same as the policy put into effect on the
preceding Friday. Already the breezes were blowtng. ’l'hc bal-
lil‘ was still fought though. ovci' semantics and piii'liiiientary
rules. since the excess energy needed one more release before
it was spent

As the meeting dragged to the end of its third hour. the
solidifying status i||lfl had. as always. become the victor. The
long dcbntcd resolution was now merely a compromise that
pli-asi-d both sides wliilc pleasing noni-

in .i nip and tuck vote that left evuryonr yawning disgusted
ly in their seats. the motion passed 27 till it said the innttcr
Would be l'l‘lirl'l't‘ii to the University Coiiimuiiiiy CounCil itiid
Iii llli' interim limit-act |.‘-i asked (surely not demanded) to have
ui-i-iiiily usi- guns only in specified instances

Hiuilcnis tycrc upset because the bill could oiin say please
('(illhlfiiii‘ doing what we ask. and even as the resolution
stood there were sr/a able loopholes. Administration was up-
not because the student introduced bill illlil gotten through.
Most also i'oiiillud they liiid fallen Victim to the now strong
Wind. and had basically done nothing.

'l'ake a inoinentnow iind look iibniit you. What is there today
Will be there lll December and even in May. which is the next.
time people might get heated up enough to cause actions. just
lll little for school to end. Until then the winds Will only get
colder and more solidifying which means our molds and
shackles can only become stronger.

 

PAC—iii 'l'i’illi'l'lilﬁN

