 

/ editorials 8 letters

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Chicken Society Meats Match

 

'llie New York State Save lveiy
(liickcii Society plans to light on to do
jusl what their name implies despite the
recent Supreme ('oriri decision in lawn
ollhe opposing Right In Meal ('oiii-
millee ’Iiiat decision. which came ntii
January 17ili. aiiirined the right iii a
head of a household to choose his or
her own meal according to the dictates of
conseience The decision said Iliat II
mattered not whether ilIL' meat in illlt‘s-
tion be fate or fowl However. the food
and Drug Adiriinistratioii is atiiliori/ed in
make “reasonable health aiid stiler
rules” liii arty meat kept longer Iliaii six
months

The Save livery ('iiickeri Society had
mounted a strong and expensive cain~
paiin against state meat laws. claiming
that every chicken has a basic human
right to “cluek around us it chooses"
SILCS rnerrrbers had picketted (‘oioriel
Sanders and sent chicken heads to New
York State Legislators ()rie State Sen
alor there gained lame itrr holding up a
half-plucked chicken as he delivered an
impassioned plea agaiiisl Ihe current lib
eiali/ed irieai laWs

Ihe eiioris almost paid oil in New
York as a saveevery-chickeri bill passed
both the Assembly and Senate only to be
vetoed by Governor Rtilieiifeliow 'I'lie
veto would have been overridden Iiad it
not been lor sortie qurck but deVious
thinking by the Right In Meat group,
RIM threw a chicken dinner at Hijack

by Ilflft'i’ McGuire ‘

lliitise ioi .ill iii the opposing legislators.
and they were all so busy eating arid
delivering save-eveiy-cliickeir speeches
that Iiiey Iorgoi to go lillcb clowniown
lot the override \lnie Ihe vntt- itiilcd by a

Wide margin

The Supreme (‘oiiit decision liit Save
lzvery ('hickeii members like a tliuii-
derholi. SH” New York cliaiiiriaii Ken
Wade said. fighting oil tears as his cause
tuiiihlcd down arotiiicl him. “It's barbaric
int [he]?! to llriiik iii a livnig. breathing
chicken as just another L'lll oi iiieiil "
Wade talked vaguely iii' a constitutional
amendment upholding tire iigliis of the
chicken. btit observers lIClL‘ leel iI vrnuld
have little chance of passage. despite the
support of President NtiilIiX

Right In Meal ('oiiiniiiiee members
were nearly ecstatic when they lieaid oi
tiie decision 'Iliis Iiiiallj sets down. in
terms all mankind ciiii understand. that
there is still ireedoiii oi choice in this
country", exclaiineil lt'l‘M("s (lino leader
Jerry Rhodes “Now you can have your
meat. arid eat ll too". said Rhodes Willi tr
iwrrrkle in his eye

 

Ilri: Alirriiiy Ltiitliiiii Press is
look iiin it)! (All .itlrliiiiiiiai iimiilni
rotiiiiiiiisl lot the tulitniial It‘llllt‘.

It you dill irriomslial ‘rllhlllll
ri minim: t niriirrii to tho i diloiial

l‘atju Ltlrioi, (.airipos Cotiinr 'IYIJ'

 

 

 

 

"If It wasn't tor Bobby Seale, there probably Wouldn't
have been anyone killed at Attlca except the guy who
was thrown out or the window by the Drlsoners."

State Senator Rlchard Schnrmerirorn

 

 

FLOOphOled Grading?

Academic politicians--the intellectual liberals that sit on universiti-
governments across the country-chronically prefer compromise over low

cally consistent actions.

SUNYA‘s University Senate most recently demonstrated the truth of ti...
by its recent verbose and cowardly handling of the grading dilemma.

S-U grading was instituted at SUNYAjust before the nation wrcle \Iiitli ; '
deitionstarations reached their peak four years ago. At that time. [llt'l'l' wit

few universities so insular that they could remain unaffected by i.,
broad-based, progressive spirit shared in common by students and l.ii rrlit
across the country. That “spirit” had so many implications and Ill.i|i‘
festations that it caiitiot be defined and then discarded in just one sc-iiti llrr
Even at the time. one frequent question was whether that "spirit" ri.
lllUCll'll‘lilllgllCd revolu[ion-objectively existed, or whether it was rrotliiiig

more than a mass psychosis.

Whichever it was. and is. it did affect conceptual and procedural tll.l|l_“
at SUNYA. Students and faculty alike seemed to share a feeling that ii..-
was more to education than such antique apparatus as tests and gr ill
(.‘ltisses ought to be. it was felt. places where people IIIt'I .tllll llllll'
tlllL‘StlUlls which personally intrigued [llt‘ll]. Now [llt‘ coiriiiroii .ill"
towards classes is as it was before: they are places \‘\'ll('lt' tpii-sii :i ,:
reinotc' significance to anyone living or dead are disc ll‘.\l'tl. and pi tr

\i'illli * ‘

prudent to attend in order to get that gootlpasing

graduation.

SIINYA's .ILrltlI'llllt
.rdriiiiiistratoi's pi‘r-tt-iid it is. and because two years oi 8 ll grailii ;

ilc'cansc reputation is not as good

than enough to prevent some Albany gruidtiatt-s lroiii .rttirztl

second rate graduate schools. IllL‘lI' i..is been .i great llt'itl oi tli- r

with III.’IIltl.lIIIl'\' S ll 'l'dtllll v .lIIIIiIl' both students and hit llli\.
. in b l-

In order to boost Albany‘s dtdilt'lllll rating. and ill liltlt‘l to I.IiIlli
buns of students apprehensive over admission to Pl'i)lt‘\sliill.ll .i I»
University Senate has decided to rciiistitiitr A Ij grading \'\llii .i l in

The loophole is that .riiy Albany student may still opt to talw ‘ij‘l
credits of S U otit of the one hundred twenty c'l‘t‘tllls Iietc-ss.ii\ to L'l,lil
In effect. the University Senate cannot bring itselito .rdiiiit llI.i[ \\i:‘
context of lliL‘ old attitude oi Wlldl .r collc'gc' sliotild be. 5' ll grail: ‘
tlisinzrl failure.

'I'liat is obviously true: SU grading is a reaction to the idia ii
university as an .issc'iiibly liIlI'. liiut Itllllc‘l‘ Illclll i'c' c-xaiiiiriiiig \slri i‘
college ought to be a place where grades and degrees are ll'l'i'l('\illli Ii

University Senate has instead tluckc-cl that basic tlllt‘slliili t'lllllt'l\.

What many Senators st-eiii iiiost interested in is cpiai'ic'liiig o\ii I
iiiccliatiical tlt'ltllls involved in the transition front S II to A Ii grading \\ ll .‘
litany oi tliciri .ll'l‘ obvtotisly least interested in is the basic pliilo. r;
opt-rating behind the change. Rather than acting as educators. Il|t\ .rii
bureaucrats.

They take the llllt‘ of least resistance. Ratlic-r Iil.lll toniioiir
contradiction inherent in their halfway iiic'astirc'. lllt‘\ prc-lc-i Io iliill
dogs with their tails between their legs. their siioiits iii IlIL' groiiiirl, .rliil'
young itlcals hidden. forgotten iii sniiii- worn. l.idccl .iiitl .ll‘llll‘
[Iipcti.tt.

() tc-iiipora. o iiioi'cs: o woe. o no. ( )li oli.

 

 

; Technical Advertisirr;
rob aiiirsli iiirtia III M
l'rllliltll‘t/ III III/(i bi Llrall Iiiitla rim-tin
“Norm-Chief Editorial Pages CWT  “Wille ,
9"” "L‘m'd' gleiiii vori rioslitz lyic‘u d '01" m“: “W .
A,“ _ “ WW“ Ad lrodtit Iinii
News dnuy lune), LXChMigt‘ dabble kawiwi i
anti 0 bunker m” b'md rnaik litcolsky sheila ‘.i iii'nwri ‘
tnindy dltrrian Sports Photography V‘M'YI 'rll'i‘»"""’
kdthy etkerle jay rosenbertj Classified Ad»

brute Inaggiri

ken ardiiint)
Preview

Ieslie Ilavis

taiiiy (jinn-y
(rlrllflli

rntii silrli'y

davtd alawsky

l
shill’dii i2!

Off Campus
bob mayor
harry sciiwaitt

Editorial Board determines policy.

Office: UCii‘Zii Phone. ‘1 I17 2i 9“

 

 

 

 

    

 

Fraf's The Reason!

To the editor:

I find at this time that 1 must. reply to
the critical letters written in reference to
my letter in the ASP (2/6/73). Both Mr.
Cherie and Gus, Livingston Tower are not
being objECIive and totally fair to my
remarks about residence living on
Colonial Quad, My purpose in writing the
letter was Lo show students what they are
actually getting for their money and the
situations that take place in ori-campus
housing. First. let me clear up one thing ~
I have lived on campus for four years
only because I have something here that I
enjoy - my fraternity, and I live in that
section on Colonial. II. is not the ac
eomodatioiis that have kept me here. but
the people who have. I think i am
realistic in saying that we students are not
getting what we should be getting for our
rents. To me $80 a month is a great deal
of money. Multiply that by 1| or f) slllit‘
members anti you lit ' ii large sum spent
for rent I am not asking fora resort hotel
nor the I'lopia which others :illtiili- Iii
that l tIt-sii'i- I out risking for clean
i‘UI‘lll‘tllllill)‘ bathrooms which are not
eli-iiri lit-etiuw of iiiiioii drl'i'ii-iiltri-s Ithis I

 

Itlltll‘l‘\i.ln(l is .r pi'olili-_|ii iii' the low risi's
iii [)Iir'ill‘llldl‘l. more than just only i-rini
i'or'ialile siiiii- ili.rir \\'ll|lo other». are iiti
list-d III the lower lounges. .iiid .r siopping
oi' Wllili | r-iinsidt-r in be illegal room
serii't'hI-s In other words lllt' best llsl‘ of
existing I'tit‘iiitri-s and I‘I'stillt't'l‘s with a
corresponding ticknowlr'dgeini-ni of
peoples rights and responsibilities

AI this Univ 1 must retract my position
on (Trilonitil Quad's food service inlit‘ll I
wrote before we got a new Quad chi-f).
There has I)I'(‘ll a remarkable lllt‘t‘l'dst' in
management efficiency in running llll'
dining liiill since he has arrived The food
preparalion has also llt'I‘Iilnl' inut-li l)l,‘lll'l’
For this I think we owe otir thanks in our
new t'lit-I' .Ioi- l’tiivt-ll More nit-n lllH‘ him
arr» I‘ll‘l'(l(‘(l to get illl' job done

Contrary to what one has alluded lo in
his letter to the Ah'l’. l ilii have more than
three friends Ilul it has not been the
livnig .it't'omodiilioiis that have afforded
Illl‘ this luxury Last week I did Il’ll'i'i \vlih
housing officials on (.‘oltinitrl 'I'hi- oiil
l'till'll' was its was i'xjwt'lt-il Ht-iirt'liiis Will
continue, l'nriiiliu-I- will l‘l‘nllllll unused in
the lower lounges and "illegal" i‘Irl‘i'igI-rtr
Ioi's wrll IN' ioniismletl We were Iiild to
work through illt‘ :rppi‘opritiir- channels to
iii-.ii' up siliialrons \thii'li we ilii iioI lilti-

I hope this letter does not lrk the
residence ofﬁcials who have downgraded
ASP letters and people's attitudes regard-
ing these matters as being "cute" and
"negative". Students have a right to make
their views known in ii responsible man-
ner in their press. Other views should be
made known because there is a need for
healthy criticism. If resident students
have been made aware of certain prob-
lems that truly do exist, then I have
succeeded. I only hope that they can
succeed through the maze of tunnels to
arrive at what they feel is just treatment
to them as resident students

I , John J. Pavlis
Fast, Fast, Fast Relief

To the students of SUNYA.

Are you tired of the traditional educa-
tional system? Do you find yourself
listening while your professors dominate
the class? I'd suggest trying ti macro-
antilysis weekend. It's ti relatively new
method of education incorporating
t'onst'iericvnt-ss-raising. i-qnai partici-
pation, and the integration of intellectual
learning and reflection with social prac-
tit-es.

SUNYA I’eat't- Project and some IN'UIHI‘
from Albany l’irrii'i' (‘i‘iiii-i‘ iil'l' planning ti
wr-t-kt-ird ior people tint-rested in Irioltrrrg
into the causes of oppression and iiijus
live in human strt'ii-I) 'I‘i-t'linitjuins from
HIV traditions Ill intiI-iii Illllll)s|.\ and non
violent training will It" used It will be
llt'ltl March 2. .l. anti i a llri‘ Albany
Fro-lids Meeting House l’or rriori irri’or
iiiriiiori call lFiT TliFi'r'

\itii‘i l’eiti'y

Freak Squeaks

To the editor:

'l‘liis letter is in ri-l't-rtsnt-i- lo the Letter
to Illl‘ Edilrir til' the Campus (‘ozrlition
WlllI'll was printed in the ASI’ I’i-h. ill).

I am an Allman Brothers freak. Their
music is Without a doubt the finest on the
Rock and Roll scene. 'I'ht-ir live per
formant-es are exceptional l was (ll‘
lighted to hear that the (Ventral (Toiineil
intended to sponsor them here this
:priiig Ilut. iii light of the fuels presented
in the .ifort-mentinned letter. bringing
ilii-ni here would border on illl' insani-

li'. pt-r chance. iii the middle of one of
their outrageous songs the thought err
li>retl my lH‘lltl. iWIlll‘ll it most certainly
would) lliat instead of adding one morr
pleasure to my illt‘l‘lHlV over indulgent
lift-,tlie same money willi'll brought the
Allrniin Iii-others to [111' could lirryi- saved

lives or healed the wounded ethuéh Mal
hospital, or could have secured‘fo'r those
Attica “rumours fair trial, I would be
damned if I could ever again look myself'
in the eyes and say, "Yes. Bob, you are a
moral human being.” If those of Us who
so pompoust consider ourselives "hu-
manists", “moralists”. "intellectuals," “li-
iberuls" etc. would prefer to watch the
Allman Brothers than we would help
undo some of the atrocities we have
fought so vehemently against, we should
exchange then our fates with those of
Bach Mai and ,‘Attica. How proud would
we be then to lirud ourselves no longer
with the title "humanist." but. with that
of "refugee". or “prisoner” or
“caduvor”?

In concurrence with the Campus Co-
alition, I too feel that the authorization
of money for the Allman Brothers con-
cert is a blatant disregard of the human
condition. and an insult to this academic

Robert Moyer

rommunity.

What a Bomber

To the editor:

After reading the Al‘ article yoti re»
t't-nliy published in the AHI’ concerning
the American I’OW's I feel a need to react
to the abundant sympathy for them
which set-ins lo he the “or thing" now.
and lo llir article Wllll‘ll obviously ut-
ieinptvd to engender this type of sym»
pathv l. for one. fer-l basically drained of
an) sympathy for Ihe I’DW's. no mailer
whirl physical or mental treatment they
were forced lo undergo in the hands of
our former “enemy,” the North
Vietnamese. Vivi Cong, NM“, or whoever.
The reasons are basically twofold.

First. I am somewhat astonished at the
fuel lhal so many of us seem to forget
how the vast majority of I’OW's were
captured Over 95% of all American
PUW‘s in the northern and southern parts
of Vietnam were captured as a direct
result of being shot down out of the sky
before. during. or after bombing missions
I'd certainly prefer to avoid any type of
detailed discussion here concerning the
amount of bombs dropped. the types.
their physical aiitl human tolls. or the
morality of Illl’ situation on the its-
sumplitrn [hat you havr- already adopted
some type of personal reaction I was not
flying tlinst- planes, nor, I believe, gen
erally were you Evr-ry trirmiiti who did
l'ly those planes ers‘ not a dral'lI-d soldier.
but a volunteer, in that type of SI‘TVIL‘I‘ In
(‘tiiillt‘t‘llnll with this, I refuse to acct-pl.

   

the argument that. when. one receive-
ordere to pulh : few button-1,an I
specific area, after ﬂying I certain I-
mount of time, he. is devoid. of :the
knowledge of what he is doing.

Secondly, I would request you to em'
ploy your imagination. Try to imagine
that. no matter how many times your
parents attempted to reconstruct some
type of shelter out. of the remains of your
home, the bombs came again. And then,
the most anyone could have asked for
was to live through the ordeal, arid
hopefully maintain the presence and use
of their limbs But. this is not really any
type of decent comparison to the alt
uation in Vietnam because the vast ma-
jority of remaining city or suburban
families HAD suffered severe major losses
or debilitations of the heads of their
households. Anyway, let. us keep trying
to suppose. Now, it. just so happens that
the National. Guard shot. a bomber out. of
the sky, which crashed a few miles from
your neighborhood, and the pilots in the
plane bailed out. a couple blocks from the
rubble you considered home a for the
past few years. Need I go on? Could you
imagine what would happen to it captured
enemy bomber pilot after the Bronx had
been levalled'.’ I wonder how long ht»
would last iii a healthy f‘flllflllltill.

So how can I ultimately sum up my
own personal feelings towards our
POW's'.’ I guess I can only conclude that I
have about as much pity for them as they
had for the property anti people who
they mutilated and destroyed

Geoffrey S. Aronstiri

. r r
.

Peddling Pedagoguery

To the editor:

As former and present students of Alan
Whoelock we have experiencvd a teaching
method both unique and enjoyable. The
class situation formed under Mr.
Wheeioek's direction has been of a high
intensity unusual in the universin sys-
tem. Unlike most English classes. his have
displayed a special level of interest and a
highly informative procedure. The in
structor has presented the various forms
of literature in an atmosphere created by
personal enthusiasm and knowledge,

Discovering the planned loss of Mr.
Wheeioek next year, we share a concern
about the MISUHS surrounding this release.
Mr. Wheelock's good qualities as a teacher
would presumably overshadow any tech-
nical policies dictating his separation
from the st'lttiul We question the com-
patihilily between the continuation of a
fine method of etluciilion and the con
Iinualion of the traditional policies (if the
university. We would welcome any in’

by “J (lizill
I‘lll' li.rriili'iil oi .sltitli-iits Ilint
\oietl in ii)" i'i-i'wiil SA opinion

poll slriit-lt . rrriglii\ blow for

rrriisit Ily going converts a I Ni
riirl oi Ii, ;r I being iii-st thi-
('I‘llil'ill i‘iiiiiit-il i'I-ll jiisliiii-Il iii
tilloeiilitrg its i'iiii-igi'iriw spi‘ritl
int: llilt‘ lo illl‘ /\liiii.rii llinllii-is
I'ltlll'l‘l'i 'I‘lii- Alliiiaii Ill'llilll‘l's
\vill I‘cllll 315ml)“ jii-r' liotii during

iiii‘ i-orii-i-rt i'oi Willl'll Jriioo

lM‘leDl" \s'ili r-iiio\ llll‘lllﬁt'lHW .r
girori Ill'.ll

li I‘s liiIiiiii.ili Illiil llli npiri
it.“ |iiii| .iiii ..oi l.ilni' ..i...- ..r

llii .r .iili iiiri

llii beginning o
.i ll Wi- |.lll lil‘»l ,ir ('iiili.rl
Ioiioi rI toting in lllll ilii I.i.rlr
llll llr-iiil .ru Int iii llill Ill.ill.
\\‘.\'I'\ “trillll In porn ii. I‘llci
riioiii Illt‘lllrillw .rl Illi i \‘lllil oi
'lll‘ \lell rated Altiarw. \i-irlrrii
I‘ir-~.;.i lli ordir to ir..-.r .. pit
iiiaiii-iil I)|’c|il .Iiiilio iii room
lllls Would rt-rpiirr in IIIIH‘.IM Ill
s‘iriilrrii 'I.rs I!“ .to- lliirl Illl‘li
would In» »i:i-...i lllillilli'ti Iliuiii
lll .i . lli.i| \\Iiolil pinill'. par, iiit
:niii \ill!l||il l.i‘. ol tour-.i»

|.. ..r“ lllrilllilliit‘. Illl rr-.t ol ilII‘

,Ililll‘lll» iiripiil lri- lo. than
I. iiiii llr.ili on: o: lliI- diary
tin-i iil .i llliliIIllIirl‘. lax l.ii
untangler In llli l.ii iii..i ..

I.I\I iii lhoril Would In irripos
:lllll‘ willioul ltlll'

‘I'Iiird Iitl llri lisl nl IIi'MH'Ii
iiiiiilirrg ism. nptuilni». I right»
tliiiilil llll MIMIHIII oi lllt‘hl'
villi-is lliiv. do we liiiiiu lliiil
llll‘ Htiidr'iil \,~.rii ialioii \vill ll”)
good 'iIM'rlld‘l and HM‘ llll‘lll Illl'
llil' innit-its" Miiyiri' iriliil .si-tri
r'iyll‘l will bring the lllll'l'lllihl' iiI

TUESDAY, FISBR UAR Y 27,

Zilll Illi'l‘t‘lllt'll transistor radio
s|ll‘lil(l‘t’h, t'lH‘ll I'Iiiini'I‘Ir-d to a
hidden inilti~ [no pttri lllll‘lllll‘tl]
in various (‘tnnpiis (,‘i-riii-r rooms
and liiillirooins

Sixth nri the list wr-rt- llie
lll‘Wspilln‘r and radio sliilioii
Note that iIiI- two groups that
M‘l'VI' Illl' most people .il
giyi'ii linii'. Iliai serve triosl i'nillr
i'iillv. tiri- (ll‘lt'uitll'll low on llio
list I'l‘l‘llitlls ii WSI'A liiiizrtlr'asl
\|\ hour‘s ]l|'l day, and oiin on
llll' \]l|‘|lrll Mir/at lli‘lllli'lll'\ lll!’

~r .iir'il\ liiiglii ransr .rir IIH ||‘.|'r1‘

iii lllll’ll'Nl Maylii' ii llll‘ .\.\'l’
piililrnriil I‘Nll'l' lli'IIlllIl\ Ill|l\
llilt‘lli IIIIII|"- Ill disappearing
IIIl. Ill'III‘ people \\IiHlIi want to
r....i it II ilii' pi-iiorrriiirir .ot
|.Ill ,rn-ru lioid alt-i. lliI‘ii .irt
IiIllIiL’il “l.il‘il llllrtl|lt'lltilr.\ In int
.i irarnl \Ailli liiigl'is lillLIi‘Ulll't‘ll:
iii~.l \\lll‘l| .i werili‘s mount
with llll .‘\iiiir.rii liioIliivis would

.i-,r‘ lllr l'\| ryriiri « sllllll‘lll i.i-.
tin... llii .\.'~il‘ .riiii \NHI‘A I.Ill
lump on Iln bandwagon oi .Ii

‘rill|[ ll \\ li|ll‘l\ '\l.i\br- lfli ii '.\I

ought ‘..- H'sj)l‘| tell in ilirvsiiiilrra
litiil\

I’l‘lll.i|l.\ Iiii HUN-I iIIJIlll|1.ilI|
rr~siill oi lllt‘ opinion poll is Ili.rl
only l.iiill students \ItlI‘II H “as
math tars) t-iroiigli Illl' lint;
roorrr: wrro I’llml‘ l‘lillllgll lo iiiii

iii-i lilil“r Ihnt llH' liiiiigiy .illlfli'lll
iiiiiltl III.tl\i‘ it up Illt' sit-[is and
vote l\r-xl bl‘lllt‘nlt'l .i jiiiriiii
raid will In rni'irideil wtlii |'4l\‘l|
dinner iray iliiririg I‘llél'llltlln 'l'lri'
litiivi, to lie [)llllt‘lli'li ari- III'I'
Iiiitili‘ll. I| spoon would he l(ll‘lil
i(Il ranting ti Vllil‘ Ten thousand
dollars of publicity might get a

I973

Into the dorm of the Dead vote the I300

it-w [)l‘ltplt' to know that it was
r-li-i-iion illW‘,1lllII maybe 20%
might voti-

*ihkiliéktkhtll-iakilturJiiii

’In the Mid ﬁg

in Robert Mayer

'I'liv eriIiiiiiiii lliiii prevails in
llii' iriitiiili- l‘ilhi is once again a
~.r ry iiiislaiilr iiiit- ()Ill‘ would lll‘

iii-iii;.li Io lll‘ll4'\'l' lli.iI worn it
li'Il Ior lllt' douiiiiig oi llll‘
l.ill\iil| ivl, III‘.tl‘l' would have
ltt't'll .i width. in Iiial illl'.| 'l'lir‘
i\IIit‘llli ullyqllwl‘t ili- Ililllli||\

l‘riirit .'\Iriii-li-r iiolrla \lr-ii ir.id
lii'lll \|i|l'il||li'll lo int-i-I Willi
Wis-iii iii \Vrihlllnﬂlltli this week
illtl iii-i tilijl‘l'ilYt'h WI‘H' lraiiliy iir
Illl‘ llillll" oi ltt'ril‘t' Shir Win.
turning it! Washington to gel
iiiiiii- :\iiri'iii‘.iii Jt‘lli :iiiil tiiriii-

.\ll|l‘l|1'ri|l riiiriii-y l “as l‘iit't-tiily
ii-jiiiili'ii iii Illt' .’\r it Yni'lr 'I'iIrii's
lli.rI I.».r.irrl rorrtiriiri-s Io slit-rid

ltlltlt‘ ll|IIll|'\ on il|‘ll’llh1' ||I’l
tapilir lliaii .riiy oIIri-i ir.i|rorr on
llirs l’rlIIII (ll iiiiirsig one may
argue Ilr.rt lll‘l I'illlhl‘ is Ill'it‘llhl'
not iil'i'I'iirsig ‘.l'i one also i'iilr
.rrgiie Ili.ii Israel has .i i.iiilirii-iil
ir-.r-ii,i| lo ilr-iuiid lli‘lrri'll .igriiniil
a lllh‘illll Arirli invasion

l.ilo- lsrai-l, liil signs prior to
Ilil‘ H‘l't‘lil tragedy, lllllll'ult‘ll
liral IlIl' Arab world was riiil
thinking in terms oi pi-at'i-
l‘llfll‘l Sudiil llilti i'iiriliiiued III
mouth the rhetoric oi hatred
'I'lll‘ students in Egypt t'lHllIlIUL‘
to pruluhl what they call ii re-

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

stunned and t'ottipliit'i-rrl :iilillidt'
oi Illl'll' ﬂitVl'l'lIIlll‘lll Itiwai‘tls illt‘
lsriri-lis 'l'lie gut-rillzi or
g;riii‘/.:itinri.s liail iiol shown any
signs oi compromise or Will
riigni-ss to hail the li‘ltlll'lbl at'iiv
lili‘n of those who have ithin‘tl
lllt'lllnlt‘Vt‘5 to Israel‘s lll'llllht‘
’I‘iiert- is no doubt that llll'
ild'ulll oi lilo llllllN'l'lll i'iVilIiiiis is
tr tragedy that no lei-ling iiiirrrtin
living Will i-yi-r Iiiirli-i'sltiiitl It is
iiol Iirijiorimiiiiitil Iliis Illlll‘ Illt'
victims of littlri-d H't‘fl‘ Aiiilrs
iiinlI-tid irl rJI'Wh ll rim-s iiiil
lllltlil'l that the flag ol l.ll)_‘y1lWllh
on Illt‘ ji-l iiinleatl (If lclll‘ flag of
lbltll‘l It is all purl of ibr s.iirii-
vtst‘iriua l'\('ll' that hits only Il‘fi
Iii siil'ii-i‘ing for the lllllt‘lll‘lll
Perhaps the lilil‘bl tragedy wrll
si-rvr- lir .slinw all sides in llilli
i'oirl'lii'l Iiitrl llii- Itlll'n wliti .iri-
lriiri the most are Illllht‘ wlio
hair the ll'iisl say in determining
lill‘ll goals It It: was) In call for
revenge. lo i‘l'l‘l hilll‘ and I‘ll!"
i’iii‘lahlt- with llll‘ knowledge that
it Will all be paid for iii blood
(‘I‘rlillllly the same bitterness
that the people of the Arab
world mtisl lit-rel with shared by
the Israelis when the terrorisla
"Hit‘lllllc'ullnllutl down those at
the Lad airport. So It”, the Arab

formation explaining the vaguc bound
*¥Hwt**HHMH~hNHK aries which surround and outline the
length of at teaching ('III‘L‘OI‘ at SIINYA

.Christine lloyka
Steven Kluge
Ilrtice Altman

Those with least say are the most hurt

world hm; demonstrated great
restraint 'l'lit-ri- litiVi- been no
major l'l‘litllr’llltl')’ attacks antl no
tt-rrcirisl tit-iivny, (yi'l) ()l‘coum-
. this can all be shattered in ii
few seconds Aiiil now (lllt'l‘
again a nervous and lens:-
silitnliiini‘XIsls

l’rniii poi-.1 i-xpi-i'ii-irt'v. illl‘ht‘
lllt‘ltlt‘lllh iiiiVe failed to offer air\
lessons 'l'hi‘ horrible I'iini'lit’ls
I'Irllilnlll‘ lo lil\’ltlt‘ illl’ "lltlfllt'
mini and ji'iijirritllzr the peat-e oI'
llii- world

 

 

