 

 

 

 

mpire

'SASU Press Service
by AI Seniii

ALBANY-The future of
SUNY‘s most radical highcreduca—
tion experiment- Empire State
College-has been detailed in a
Master Plan released bythe univer-
sity.

Student enrollment will reach
10.000 by 1980. regional learning
centers will be expanded to new
areas of the state. more degree
programs will be offered and
greater numbers of women and
minority students will be included
on all academic levels. according to
the 90 page Master Plan document.
Additionally. the college will strive
to reach increased numbers of
citilens across the state and will
attempt to lower the cost of
traditional education by as much
as 60 percent.

All of this can be accomplished.
the plan predicts.“witliout reliance
on large and expensive capital con-
struction or equipment.“ Rather.
Empire State will work as a
upartner“ with other campuses of
the SUNY system. coordinating

State Expanding  

existing educational resources “on
a regional and statewide basis.”

Students will continue to create
their own curriculum in consulta-
tion with faculty “mentors.” ln-
dependent study and overseas
study programs will expand.

Four special areas of education-

business. health professions.
education and communitygovern-
ment service-will be given a high
priority in the next few years.
Authori7ation to award a Bachelor
of .‘Professional Studies Degree
will be sought as a means of en-
cou raging students to pursue
studies in these four areas.

The Master Plan also pledges
Empire State to recruit increased
numbers of faculty from non-
acadcmic backgrounds. Highly
skilled individuals will be recruited
from the community and ap«
pointed to part time or adjunct
faculty positions. They will be on
hand to aid and tutor students
whenever the need arises and will
“continue to participate fully in the

educational planning and develop-
ment of the College."

Empire State will continue to
disperse its learning resources
around the state. Regional learning
centers are planned for Buffalo and
Binghampton. Satellite units will
be established throughout other
areas of the state.

Finally. a number of “Special
Purpose Programs“ are plann-
ed.] A Center for Labor Studies in
Manliatten will provide working
peoplewith the opportunity to pur-
sue an undergraduate education.
An Urban Studies Center. offering
programs in performing arts. com—
munications. urban social services
and labor and industry. is also
planned.

Founded in l97l. Empire State
College was created to explore
alternative approaches to higher
education for studentswho .ircun-
to attend
traditional colleges or universities.

able or unwilling

From an initial enrollment of38. it
has now expanded to |500 students

ranging in age from l7 to 72.

 

 

 

with speci

albaay state cinema

“The Best Comedy of All Time”
International Film Critics’ Poll

HARLHE @HAPEHNQS

THE HOLD HHSH

81 musical score and narration
by Charles Chaplin

 

uogmuasaad Stun; an \nz

 

and
PAY DAY

 

LC 18

lauded by iiiiiduiit iiimoiiiiittori

Sunday, Sept. 23

2:30, 7:00

Tickets at Door

 

 

 

& 9:30

 

 

 

 

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Compiled by Barry Schwartz
Washington AP- The White House Wednesday acknowledged the
probable existence of a tape recording of a I971 meeting bctuccn
President Nixon and leaders ofthe dairy industryjust before the rid-
ministration announced the major milk price support increase.
The fact that the dairy industry made a $422.100 contribution to
the President‘s re-election campaign shortly thereafter has resulted
in a suit brought by Ralph Nader and several consumci
organizations.

Washington AP- President Nixon has announced administration
actions designed to provide it -arly $5.5 billion of tttltlllttittdl
mortgage money during the tight credit squeeze. He also propmt-d
payment of housing allowances to get the federal gtlvct'ltliicnt out o:
the housing business.

New York Al’~'l'hc ABCN BC. and ‘ (‘BS television nL‘l\\tir’l\\ \Llltl
Wednesday they‘ve agreed to take turns again broadcasting ll\t'
coverage of next week‘s Senate Watergate hearings. btit tllll\ lot
that week.

they said ABC will televisc Monday‘s hearings. Nll(' \till rat».
over on Tuesday and CBS on Wednesday. ittclt Network has lllt
option of carrying the hearings live on any day it isn‘t scheduled lit
do so.

Buffalo AP< A security subcommittee at tthtritc ‘l mu i~i'
of New York at Buffalo recommended Wednesday that |\\ii til iii;
policemen on each shift carry firearms.

Officials said the recommcndation was iii rcsponsc to lllt' hlllit .:
tacks on three campus policemen and the armed i'obbciitw or r .
pus ad ministratitc offices.

The arming is “intended to protidc aii iltlt‘flllillk‘ rc~poim to:
tltr 'at posed by armed llltll\|tll|tll\ \vlio rrtlrii k or tlircritcri to .iri.
persons on campus. and is intended only for that puime '

lhc icport stiggcstcd that thc idlicci'scrirr) .ib crilibci r.-t.o

l,os Angclcs .:\l’~ lclliiig ilic court fic \ttts indigcnt .iiid coufdii I .1
lord an attorney. cori\ictcd \Vrilcrgatc conspiratoi (i.(ioidon I
dy plcridcd innocent to conspiirrc). and btrrglrirt tjlltllL‘t‘s ltl lllt l‘
break-iii at the office of llzinicl I-llsbcig's psychiatrist
liddy. 4.1. \\tl\ lctl iiito lllt corrirriiom froiii tlll .ltlltlltllll‘.‘
ltdd) stood throughout tlit piocccilinus. :ind \tlicn il\l‘.l‘tf iii
pli-ri. said It] .i loud \tlltt'. ":iol t’lllll'. " i

llic | ox .\ngclc\ (‘oiinlt t1l.|l|tlllll\lllLlILlUtllItltl‘i\vlll 5"
\Hlll L‘\-P|L‘Sltlcllllltl .iil\i-.ci lolin ll I-lirlicliiiiriri.iiid lI‘IlIlr! \\.
llotisc riidcs ligil l\|til.’ll ll .iiid l)ri\id \orrng

lhc olhci tliicc .iic licc \tithout brill illlL’l plcdiliinv min». i
criilici- lo L‘lltll'gt'\ iii thc .illcgcd rrttcriipl to obtain l ll\.lil I"
chiritriciccotdslot possiblcliclplotlicgotciiimcnt Ill lllr l’ lili‘
ptipcrs CtlSL‘.

Detroit .r\|’- I he lfnitcd ,r\rito \\ oikcis‘ poucrlrif t lll \‘~l|.'l t tllfft‘ .
iiycitvlicliiiiiigly apprmcd tcrttatttc contract :iuiccrircntx it'll!
( hiyslcr Wednesday ‘

llic agreements covcr all thc UAW cmplovcs at ('Iiiyslcr II'
000 production \torkcrs and 10.500 salaried workers I
I Ilic tigrcerticnts now go to ('hryslcr locals for ratification \itlr'x
schcdulcd llltlhdtl) through Sunday.

llnion -'  ' -‘ - '
lLiltlLl . said tlicy Wch coiifidciit of ratification

thsllltlglt)lll/\l’~ lhc White House dcclrircd today that nobod\ ix
pressuring Vice President Spiro l. Agnew to l‘cslgll With l’l'CSltl-L‘lll
Nixon's knowledge or authority. ‘
the statement by Deputy White House Press Secretary (ieraldl

Warren. in response to a question. appeared to reinforce tiii rhci an
effort by the White l‘ltltlht.‘ and Agnew's stuff to dispel reports of 'i
growrng breach bctwccii Nixon and the vice president i ‘
' lt followed an earlier dcniiil by Warren tliru Nixnn liiinscll \\il\
applying pressure on Agnew to quit becittisc ol his iiiyolicnicill I“ I
political con’uptron investigation in Maryland. A

FRIDAY, SEP’I‘EMBEH 21, 1973

 

 

 

 

 

The Rise of the Token — I The Demise of the Coin

If you‘ve been "taken" by the
tokens. or cheated by the “chits”
then you‘re having laundry
problems. The changeover this
years from the use ofcoins to token
operated washing machines in the
dorms has caused some frustrating
problems - but should not result in
a financial loss to the student.

According to Assistant Director
of Residence. Bob Fairbanks. his
office has received more than the
tonal number of calls concerning
washers. Fairbanks does believe
that the token system will prove
superior once everyone gets used to
it. Vandalism will be ctttdowti. and
laundry rooms will remain opeit 24
hours a day.

“I think it's gotten olf to a good
start." said Norbert Zahm. director
of l-S A which contracts the

machines tl\\llCtl by Bdrllm Dis»
ti'ibiitmg (‘iimpaiiy ltiliiii tll-
tiibtilcd thc rinse in price iil awain
from a quarter to .lllcciits to iiiflri-
tion. the cost of machines and
icpriir. \Vith dryers true. he still
crillcd it the “buy of the century."
lhc cost might have been higher if
tlic_\ had lL'lllillllCtl on the coin
system doc to increasing \an-
drilism.

Approximately 7000 tokens
li.i\c liccn \oltl \rt l.ri . about Sllllflof

\\lltt'll li.i\c been used Students
ritcirigcd onc \\tl\ll per week last
)Cill. Rcliind icqiicsts. according
to /.ahni. lltl\L' riiiiiibcicd about 75
st) late this term.

Many students do not rcali/c
that they are entitled to rcltiiids If

they lose a “chit” in a malfunc-
tioning machine. Refund
envelopes can be filled out at the
quad offices or the Campus Center
information desk. The student
reports which machine is broken. It
is also important to relate the exact
problem with the machine.
whether it is ajammcd slide. or the
washer itself. Refunds. which take
about a week. can be picked up at
check cashing windows where the
tokens are sold.

The conccnsus of opinion in
both housing and the power plant
is that many students are not
properly following the directions
with the token slide. thereforejam-
niiiig the machines. When
problems are reported to residence
or li'SA they are processed by
Henry Slykc. Services Manager of
the l’owcr plant. Slykc suggested
that studcnts push in the slide
witlitlic hell of their hand in onc
hard stroke for the token to be
accepted. According to Slykc.
iitiichincs are repaired within 24
hours. except in cases when parts
are needed. for example. 2 \tlll-
iliili/cd drycisiti ()iicidallrillrmait
new parts.

Including Slykc. there are thrcc
people on campus who fix thc
machines. cacli briv ing other duties
on campus Problems \\t|ll
machines :iic reported by dorm
laiiitois or students lliioiigli
lL'\ltl(‘llCL' stall. Students can L‘illl
Housing at 74840. oi to be men
more direct. SI) kc at 7-7(i.l4 for ac-
tioii on biokcri machines.

Grad Job Outloo

by Doug llorwit‘l,

Undoubtedly. inriny
attending SUNYA
graduate with some type of degree
that will lead them on the path to
finding satisfying ciiiploytnciit. llut
its most college graduates are
riitarc these days. finding a Jilh is by
no means an easy task.

I rist ycrir. :ippioxnnatcly three
thousand people registered with
the SUNYA plriccincnt service in
thc Adimiiistiation lluilding. llic
sci\icc is not limited only to
\ItltlL'tlh graduating but is also
open to otlicr groups of people ril-
liliatcd \Hlll the campus. altiiiiiii

\llltlctlts
hope to

lot lllSltlllCL’.

(lbv ioitsly the purpose of having
.i placciiiciit sci'ticc is to help peo-
ple find employment. llirt as l'attic
Attrinasco. a placement office
worker said. "Sometimes people
come in and say. ‘I \Villll .i iob‘ - it's
not that casy "

lhc icgistitition pioccss involt cs
lilliiig out a comprith lotiii which
iccoids basic inloiniatioii. such its

the type of Joli the applicant is iii-

tcicstcd in. In addition. this must
bc accompanied by a credential
loldcr tiliicb should contain
rcconiiiicndritions from teachcrs.
professors. and former employers.
A resume including personal.
educational. and professional
qualifications is also requested.

lltcrc are several interesting and
\ ital factors to note concerning the
registration procedure. I‘or iri-
stancc. computer classification of
registrants falls into the category of
type iif dcgrcc. regardless of
cumulative average. lhis means
that a recruiter is unaware of
student‘s marks iintil thc time he
decided to contact llllll.

A footnote to this is that tlic
plriccmciit ollicc policy is corn-
plctcly noii~discriiniriatory. l'or
ckariiplc. a company might request
iiifoiiiiritiori on white. niitlc
prospects ltl ri cci'tiiin lob. Such in»
formation is not available. lhcy
would icccnc information on all
applicants for the lob. if the com-
pany cliosc to discriminate once
they had information on all possi—

Roberts: Accountants In good shape

li'ltlDAY, SliP’l'liMBER 21, 1973

Dutch Quad Dorm Director
Peter Hickey says that out of the
three washers in his dorm. two to
three have been out at one time
within the last month. but
maintenance men have been
responding with repain. He has
found that many students are not
aware that they are entitled to
refunds. and advised one students
who lost three tokens to file for
one.

Eastman Tower's DirectorJudy
Condo believes the “washing
machine situation is under con-
trol.“ She urges students to read
the directions accurately before
operating the machines. She sees
ctitting the wait for machines as a
major benefit of the new system.
and tirgcs the students to have
patience.

Beriiriniin Berry. owner of the
\criding company which runs the
machines. periodically comes to
campus to check operations
hiniscll. ll&M owns the machines
on many campuses acrosstbc state.

Another problem. pointed otit
by l‘illlhilllkS is the physical design
of the laundry rooms llicnisclvcs.
ltccairsc of 'd lack ol \cnttlation. in
“arm weather the dryers such tip
the air. the rooms gct excessively
hot. and thc thermostats shirt the
llltlL‘lllthS off.

-\ccording to Shkc. washers
haw it lilc c\|icct.’rnc) of It) _\t:tll\.
(‘rinipus machines are changed at
least that oftcti over stiiniiicr
months. Scars Service reports that

Bleak:

blc candidates would be their
busincs. not the placenientol'licc's.

llicic is one very important fac-
tor that is included on the colit-
ptitcr questionnaire that may be
overlooked. It may be overlooked
in fact. to the degree wlicrca poten-
llitl applicant might lose a chance
at gcttinga good lob. llic LlllCSllt‘ll
coiicci its the applicant‘s prclcrcricc
lot lob location. As Dr. (‘linton
Roberts. director of the Placement
()llicc pointed out. as soon as
someone liriiits his area of lob
piclctciicc. he limits his chances of
finding a lob at the satire lllllL'.
Wliat l)t. Roberts in effect is
stlcssttig Is that you have to go
wlicic thc lob is; it won‘t come to
you!

In Robci'ts comincntcd lttrthcr
on the location frictoi iiotirigtliat a
pnitictilai job may be in grcatcrdc-
lllillltl in onc arca tburi another.
for instance. it lob I'Ct|llll'ltlgtllllyit
ltA in New Mcxtco \\’Ill alinostcci»
tiiiiily require an MA in thc('apitri|
|)tstiict. bccausc employers have it
much greater choice til graduates
to choose from iii this area than
tlicv would in a more remote
region.

Roberts
gcnctah/ing about the poh market
as ‘d wholc is virtually impossible

coticliitlcs that

'llicrc are many \aiiiiblcs dclci-
miiig “lltl it ill gct thc lob .iiid who
won't ’\t't'tlltll|l)l. ltl Robcits. those
pcoplc \tlio haw tlic lllt|\l c\
pciicncc til .i giicn ficlil ol dciiiriiid
Wlll most lth‘l\ liiiil tlic tubs tlthci
pcoplc ft'\t‘ll tliosc \\llll l‘lill's
Will li.i\c d tough time almost
tcgaidlcss of cspciicitic, if they‘re
scriiching lot it lob III a licld that is
already stilliciciitly saturated.
Roberts cites specific (:\tlllll‘IlL'>.
iiotiiig Ill par ticiilai that, ".iccourr
ting is probably tlic first held iii
terms of placcmcnt " llL' added at-
lii'mittively that the “llig it" iiccoiin-

T0 START THE WASHER

Put cover down

Insert Anthorized token in slide
. Push the slide, in one motion all the

way forward

. PAUSE-then SLOWLY draw the slide

all the way back.

Use of anything other than authorized
token will putthe machine out of order.

lifc c\pcct:incy of a ttzislicr used
once a day is 7»l0 ycais.;ind would
hc L'tlll\ltlt.'ltll1l_\ lcss With a variety
of users and detergents. as in ii
campus Slllllllltlll.
"I Kilt)“ there are a lot of irate

uniupoos

pcoplc hcic." said Slykc. “in the
same token we have to be fair
about it.“ l’rom now on If a washer
won‘t givc you a tumble. report it
iiiinied iater and file for your refund
witli the Quad secretary.

Placement Office

ting firms are still recruiting
strongly. Anothcr field which also
is in demand. Roberts said. are the
health careers which cover quite a
range.

A downward trend in availabili-
ty of jobs both locally and
nationally is found in the field of
CluttlL‘llltll) education. Because of
the recent demographic trends
wttliiii the United States. the
iiumbcr of children cntcring grade
school has been on the decline. Asa
result. the strong demand for
teachers no longer exists. it
appears. for example. that elcmcn~
tary schools a re beginning to phasc
otit thctcricliiiigol classicromantic
laiigtiagcs. llowcvcr. potential
teachers aren‘t the only
caught in the hind. As a whole.
graduates Wllll degrees in the social
sciences will have a difficult time
finding employment. llierc has
been ri steady decline iii federal and
state lob rccr'tiiting.

llicic is one more phase of
recruiting worrying college
graduates. In many fields. only
yciirs' ex—

tiIlCS

pcoplc iiitb scvcia]
pcricricc riic being hired, whilc
ollici employers are hiring thosc
pcoplc wttli thc tiilcnt.
whether they have a degree or not.

()bviotisl). II is no easy task
predicting if all applicant for a lob
tvill liiid cmploynicnt. and tltc
SlINVA placcincnt ollicc pct
stillllL‘l do not pictcnd to knovt rill

llltlSl

the aromas. Many play
.iii important role in determining it
girtdiiatc's fair in finding work.
l'attic Attaiirisco giivc an exam-
plc \\llL‘lC .i toriipriiiy icpiescn~
l.lll\t' \\tll1ltl go so fat as to make
itpponitiiicnts \\‘|lll prospective
ciiiployccs and then back down
latci saying that the job “fell
through." In other instances. there
are so many applicants that a
icciiiitci couldn‘t possibly ltllL‘F

ALBANY STU DE N'l' PRESS

view all who wanted to see him dur-
ing the short time he could stay.
There is one possibility that
would make predictions of job
market openings easier - that
would he to study the trends of the
past. Answering questions such as.
"how many placement registrars
liiiiiid tobs and in wlial fields?"
would ccrtirinly niinimi/e a great
deal of guesswork. '1 hi: placement
office has tried to do just that. but
imtortiiiiatcly wntioui success.
liacking down thousands of
applicants is hard cnough. but
when hundreds decide not to fill
out thc questionnaire. figures of
those that do come in become so
obscured they don‘t really make
sense. Roberts docsii‘t piii all the
blame on people who don‘t take the
time to return the questionnaire.
and in many instances he says peo-
ple move as a result of getting
married. joining the attired forces
of a host of otliei reasons. in those
cases. they just never receive the
questionnaire to begin with.
thn Attanrisco was asked of
prospects for finding Jtlh oppor-
tunities this year she sitid that it
ically is too early to tell. Some
iccir tiitcis have already contacted
the placement office but most
icciiiitcrs inquiic towards the end
of October .ill the way through
April
fl\Cltlll. tlic lob outlook is not
particulain biight. Much like the
cconoriiic cycle which is
t'llttltlL‘lCll/L‘tl by it system of supply
il «lciiirtnd so goes the job
i...iikct When )ob hunting time
comes around one is more likely to
find a siiiplus supply iil graduates
and ii depleted dciiiriiid lor jobs.
llut even when all these powerll
loiccs itic at work. the SUNYA
placement office is there to find the
best chime s and opportunities for
till who come for assistance.

_—.—-

PAGE THREE

 

