 

Friday and Saturday. February
lo & 17. will mark the return of
Mr. Clyde (‘riner to the stage of
The Eighth Step Coffee House.
l4 Willett St.. Albany. Mr.
‘ Criner will be performing on the
Moog synthesizer. organ, and
piano. a program of classics, jazz
and blues. His performance re-
quires the utilization of all three
,- instruments simultaneously as he
 blends the music of these three
great music traditions.

Music will include “The Hoe.
down." from Copland's
"Rodeo." “Sinfonetta for Or-
chestra" by Janacek. “Allegro
Barberos." by Bartok, "Rondo"
by Mozart. piano preludes by
Chopin. Walk on the Wild Side.
"Blue Rondo a la Turk." by
Brubeck. and selectiotis by the
artists Emerson. Lake. and
Palmer with his own variations
of their music. Time of the
performance is 9.00 I’M.

 

Violinist Mary Lou Saetta arid
pianist Elizabeth Friauf will pre-
sent a recital on February l7 at
3:00 pm. at The chsseltier
Newman Foundation's (‘liapel
and Cultural Center. Btrrdett
Avenue. Troy. The program wrll
consist of Handel Sonata No. 4
Ill I) Minor. I’rokofieff Sonata
No. l. Bach Solo Sotiata No I
in C Minor. and the More So»
nata in A Mirror.

Mary [on Sactaa has per-
formed estcnsively iii the North-

by Karen Keenan

' This Weekend’s Music

eastern New York area in solo,
chamber music, and orchestral
concerts. She is a graduate of the
Eastman School of Music and
has studied with Joseph Knitzer,
Robert Gerle, and Carroll Glenn.
She is currently doing graduate
work at the Eastman School.
Miss Saetta is principle second
violinist of the Albany Sym-
phony. She has been a member
of the Rochester Philharmonic,
the Lake George Opera Orches-
tra, and the Berkshire Music
Center Orchestra. She has been a
recipient of numerous fellow-
ships, among them a scholarship
to the Eastman School at the age
of 17. a Fellowship to 'I‘arigle-
Wood, to the Brevard Music Cen-
ter. and the Albany Symphony-
Vaiiguatd award for striiimer
study. Miss Saetta teaches pri-
vately in her own studio irr
Saratoga Springs and is a mem-
ber of the factrlty at the Sche-
nectady Conservatory of Music

Elizabeth liritiuf began study-
ing the piano at the age of 3 iii
Atlanta. (icorgia. She is a gra-
dttaie of the Yale School of
Music. there she sttidicd with
Bruce Sirrionds. For the past five
years. she Iias studied the ensem-
blc literature at the liastmarr
School with Brooks Smith. the
accompanist of “chill and
many other famous artists. As
the studio accorripariist of
('attoll Glenn. Professor of violtit

' “Three People”

The “plot thickened" before Experimental 'I'hciitrc's production of
“Three People" t'Vcn began, for a mystery was contained within the
printed program itself. Although the title sttggt'sti-(t a story ('till

cerning three people, tlir- cast

listing consisti-d of orin two

characters An immediate question which arosi- was, "Who's thi-
third person'“‘ As it turned out, the missing person turrti-d outtir l)t'
the deformed, retarded child ofth two main characters.

Stuart and Betty Chambers were bright young inarrit-ils who had
everything going for them. He was a promising graduati- stuili-rit
working toward his doctorate and she was his t'li-vt-r, wt-Il rcatl \Vifi-
Life was beautiful and ['10 future lookctl bright until they had tItt-
baby In place of their prectous savnigs and i-lii-rishctl dri-ams came
medical bills and heartachcs Just when lilt- was going so well. that
defectch baby had to come along and spoil t-vorything. 'I’he
offspring of Betty and Stuart. thi- pt-rt'cct couplr-, was a miscrablc,
horrible failure. Trying desperati-Iy not to face lllt‘ awful trtttli,
Betty fantasiZt-d that “i-Vi-rything was goiirg to lll‘ all right "'I'Iit-y'd
care for the hairy. taltt- an rntcri-st in holiliii-s, and Iith- ittorc
children. Stuart, on the other harirl, was tlu- cold realist. to liirii the
only logical solution was to institutioriali' - tlic t'Illitl Ilaving mori-
children was out of the question -- one mistaki- was enough

There was nothing new in the ba."c story, script. or characters
involved in the presentation. Reminiscent of standard soapopr-r‘a
melodrama; the tragic situation as Wt'll as the people incorporated
within it was rather stereo-typed. Unlike the young mother who
seemed a little too saintly and devoted to her child, her husband
came across as being excessively ruthless and crui-l

A. S. 0. at Palace Saturday

’Icrioi thltarii Brown wrll appear With the Albany Symphony Ill

 

 

tWo concerts this month Julius Ilegyi wrll Ullltllltl the orchestra
Irriday l‘L‘IHltitly In at (iibbons Hall on 'l he Sierra t'ollege campm at
B ()0 l' M arid Saturday. l'elituaiy l7 at IIIL‘ l'alaic lllL‘dIlt’ at ts ll)
I’M

thliaiii liiowrr should be familiar to audiences itr Albain and the
(’apital District as a leading tenor Wllll the lake (ieoige ()pcta itlltl
lie was soloist tor the Symphony's tiist I’ops ('oricert Ill l‘i‘lti "Ari
I.vcrung wrtIi Rodgers and IIarntitctstcm"

l~or Iris February dates WllIl the Syrriphom lilll‘th will sing
Benjamin Brittcri‘s Ics IIIurriiniitions Also on lllt‘ program Will be
Tchaikovsky's Romeo and Julth Ilriiili'srrittli ~. Mathisch Maler and
the orchestra's assistant ioriicitiniistei lanct RUVH' wrll play the

tiitrvcntcnt "Wiiilct " Iroiii Vt\.ilrlt". i' l ltc Seasoiis'

'Iickcts tor the performances are available by tulllllll, the Albany

Symphony ollrie .rt ~ltri «173% by .i-riilinn a tank with i wI
.ivldtc .i‘tl
t liiitori [the Albany , N Y IJJU/

lickets for HIV l'.iI.itc Wt 35. $4. bl All students and Scniirt

(iii/en» s I (it)

tiiiipwl i-rircliipu to Albany bytnpl.»rr:u t)iitrr'»ti.i W

at Eastman, Elizabeth Friauf has
accompanied numerous recitals
every year. She lives in Roches-
ter, New York with her husband
John and three children.

Tickets for King David will be
available at the door. Admission
is two dollars for adults and one
dollar for students.

Pearls Before Swine, featuring
Tom Rapp. will appear in the
McNeil Room of the Rerisselaer
Union on Friday, February [6,
.at 8:30 PM. The group, formed
by three friends with a tape
recorder in |‘)68 Iias just re-
leased its eiglilh albutn on the
Blue Thumb Label.

Pearls Before Swine are: 'I'oin
Rapp, vocals. acoustic guitar.
Art Ellis. llute. soprano sax,
vocals. Bill Rollins. cello. electric
bass. and Harry ()rlovc. mari-
doliri. banjo and electric guitar.

The public is welcome. Admis-
stiori is $2.50 per person.

At Henways, Saturday, Feb. 16 “The Medeoceur Trio," Tradition-

 
  

‘iv ’- i 4* or}

al Contemporary people music for folks.

A New Grotesque Comedy:

The Heartbreak Kid

by Joseph Daugherty

Some men go through life moving from woman to
woman like a ball in a sexual pinball machine, It's a
dirty game, but to them it is just. a game. A»;
complex as the game normally is, it can lit-comi-
ovon more dangerous when the man in question
believes he loves each woman in tttrn 'I'Iri' Ili'irrt
’ll‘t’uh’ Kid, directed by Elaint' May frorri a script by
Neil Simon, is an acid-like comedy about such
sexual politics

Lonny t('bar|i-s (irodin) met-ts, "falls in low with 'i
and marries Iiiltt tJoaiinic Berlin, Elaine May's
daughter) within a tlirI-c lnltllllt‘ rnoiitzigi' at tht-
stttrt of the film 'I'lic couple si-ts off to drive to
Miami for their honeymoon By the time they reach
the hotel Lenny has grown tired of the riiar'riagc An
hour after arriving in Miami ht- IS in pursuit of
anothor’womm, Illt' plastic Ki-lly ((‘ylnll Slit-plit-rdi
lat'lll‘ly crt‘atcs t-laborzitt- sttlili-rfttgt-s to t-st'npt- lllS
bride of scvr-rity two hours in». llt' plans a divorct‘ and
a flight to Minneapolis to follow Kt-Ilv, who has
doiit- nothing to t‘llt‘tllll'itut' lrrrii -

'l'hr' Ili'iii'lbri'u/i' Kit! is it grolt-sipti- comedy of
self-deception arid tlt‘slit‘l'itlltiti It Is as iiiipossibli- to
totally hate Iii-niiy as it is to completely SynljlillllllA'
with him as ho describes the collapse iif his short
niarriagl‘ as a riiattt-t' of ("HMS ("I was pretty stir-i-
something was wrong in Virginia "r “v is m r-arrit-st
and a Victim (if his own ability to titlltulitlllt‘

'l'ht- film can be said to ho a rnat'abri- offspring of
l'.lt‘l' Ii'rrsv I’ii'i‘i's, botlt with a protagonist damned
to bi- it si-xual flying dutclimari Wc how no way of
lutowrrrg how long Ia-ririy has bci-n shuttling from
woman to worriair prior to the tint" “to film picks
liim up The titli- sequenci- shows hiiii inspecting
hirnst-If iii the mirror Iii-forc going to thc third
ilVl‘llUl' biir wlii-ri- llt‘ first mt'i'ls Lila 'l'ltc tiifcr'r-ticc
is l'll‘itt‘ that l.r-nriy has bi-i-n opt-rating lor quite
some How and “10 last shot opt-rin suggests that he
still has not SlttlillllA'tl and may be awaiting a new
chiilIi-iigt- 'I'hcrc may be no men Just Iikt- lA'lllly.
but [how is at least a IittIi- Ironin in I‘Vl‘l'y riiaii

Lonny docsii‘t realize how badly Iii-'s tri-atirig Lila
He has rationali'Lt-d tht- marriagc out of cxrsttirice
At one point he writt-s Iiila oil by saying the
marriage was, “rust one of those things I rushed into
like Joining the army, but llllts time I'm riot going to
wait thrt-c years to got out "

Kclly doesn't sci-in to uiiili-rstaiiril that she is at
least peripherally l'lfhptlllhllilt‘ for licniiy'ii tlL‘tlUtlb
When he comes to Mirini-apoln. to tell Iii-r lll‘ lrtii.
divorced his wifc and, in -.o doing I isl evi-rytliing lll‘
owricd t-xci-pt for llllll' ltlllltlll’ll itiilliir'i, ltl sayings
Irorrrls itll :iIri‘ i-tiiriaiy rs, t..-- It”
Iltitlt-i'i'tl 1'

Kelly's liitlri'r ll'ill'lll‘ [\Illl’ll) can‘t itirtIi-i'stiirrtl
that, r‘i-girrdlr-m til erctiiter in not lit'llllV l't‘

ii-.iit\ w, y

nlly Iovcr,

 

PAGE 6A

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Kelly, ht- tLr-nny) thin/rs ho ri-ally lovcs Iii-r ’I'o
Kelly's father, Lenny is just another fortune burner
to he bought off

From what We sec of Ki-lly and Lila, the latter is
the better woman in that slit- certainly has more
character and possibility for variation living niar-
ried to Lila could be fun whili' being liltll'l‘lt‘tl lt'
Kelly might be amusing
But Lila is iith-r given a fair chance, Iicimy kocps
her in the dark until it's too Iatc for lit-r to put up a
light, not that Lenny was worth lllt' i-ffort 'I'hc
scene in which Ia-nny tt-Ils I.i|ti of his osi‘apc plan is
a dcvaslatiiig ten tnltlttlJ‘S.

'I'Itte perfortiianccs are lllt' work of slolli-(l [Il'till"~
sionals Charles (Jrridrri, a \'l‘lt‘l'itl| .ii-tor Inst sci-ii
Aarfy Aardvark iii Miltt- Nicliirls' fim of ('irIi-lr 2:].
plays I.i-nny for all he's worth making a difficult
role more than believable

for about thrtit' wot-Its

   

ilcaiiiiit- Bi-rliii'» Iaia is .i sail and bcatttilul r‘oIi-. a
woman who can't tlllltt‘ uiiili-rstaiitl what's Irap
petting around hcr, bttt somi-ltow know.» it is .r
throat to hcr Watching llt‘l' one fer-ls tlii-y arc
watching IIi-nt'ir-tta from .I .N'ctrt lii'o/ twi-iity yi'ars
yourigi-r An triti-rcstrng Ulisl'l'Vttlltill in tltr- light of
the fact that “(‘lll'll'ttll and Iain arc played by
riiotlit-r and daughter rt-spt-ctivr-ly

I‘Iddic Allicrt's rippi-ariiiict- as Kelly's [Il'trlt‘t'Ith‘
father is Illllll‘ rt-niarkablc, 'I'hc exchanges Iii-twci-rr
Allit-rt's Dwayne and Iii-tiny arc ti-rrifyiugly funny

Arid tlierc is t‘yhiIl Shepherd. 'I'hi-ry isn't Vcry
much one can say about Ilt't' at this point Ktrllv is
Very much lilti- Miss Sliirplii-ril's l‘()ll' in Iiogdtin
ovicli's 'I'Iii' I.ir.sl l‘ri'tiiri' .S'lroii‘ oiin llt‘l'l' slii- is a
little more deadly in that slii- is unawari- of Iii-r
pirwcrs as a supri-iirt- bitch 'l‘Iicrc's no way of It‘llttig
wlii-thr-r or riot ('ylrill Slit-plri-rrl rs actually at'titrg
At this point we can only say that I’t-ti-r Bogtlari
ovich and I‘llarnc May know how to ttsi' :i Iiarbic doll
when lhcy si-i- oiic

The script is by Neil Simon from a tliri-i- page
short story by Bruce Jay Friedman Hinton, who has
recently startt‘d lo ttsc his posttiott in. tho foi‘t‘titost
"Iiig 'I‘iiiic" playwritc in this. country to maki- some
highly pcrct-ptch stalcrnr‘nts about how Aiiit-rit'ans
seem to makt- a sport out of ilrtvnrg each other to
irltit'ttlt', has tvrrtti-n a script that In as frightening .is

,II is funny A script that Will givc piiuiw tii Illlrho

who think Simon to he .i puppi-t ol Wcstclri-sti‘i
Intlicr. clubs.

l‘llaitri- May, mm of tlic two worm-ii to direct a
major K'Ulllilll‘t't'litl film in thc past ht‘Vl'lI yours. is as
always, rt gt-tirtir. llt‘l‘ lnlt-rit for t'llttt'ilt‘lt‘t’l/Jtllttll and
Visualization ,iri- llll’ yirrr'lr til it thlllilll \\Iltt lttii w-
lllt‘ trun meaning of rho lll‘ll‘ll llllhllht'tl [I'llli lilitt‘li
ttiriricilv '

'I‘Ir." tI-trrrllrti'irlw Kid is [ri'i'st'titly .il lllt' llUlllllitII

 

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1973

 

 

 

 

 

Helium - A New High?

If you saw Stanley Kubrick‘s
movie 200]. you are familiar
with the idea that spact- trri
rollers are likely to spend most
of their journey in some form of
hibernation (or perhaps i-Vcn sits
pi-ndt'd animation). 'I‘ht- fact
that some yogis can put tIii-rn
selves into a trance in which
metabolism is greatly dllnlnlbllt‘tl
may indicate that llllH’l’lltlllttll,
or near suspended animation.
may be a good way to trawl
through inner space too.

Hibernation is a stati- of low
i-ncrgy turiiovor Body [I‘Illlil‘l'ii
turt- is close to I',‘ ti-mpcraturr-
of IIlt‘ atmosphi ‘c lllltI :tur
rounds ill. It may bc pretty
closc to trot-Zing 'l'hr' ht-iil‘t Iii-:its
slowly airtl breathing is i’lllt‘llll
.itr-d.

Suspt-rrded animation is a stall-
in which the heart and lll’t‘itllllllil
art- kept completely still tor .i
period of time. Many scientists
l)t'llt‘V(‘ that it is physically rm

|l'|’l'\‘t‘l\llllt' Iiiiiiri

possilrli- on llll' ground». that

t|.iiiiagr- is

t‘atI-tcil by .'||l ostgcri rut oIt
only ton rniriuti's tllt‘l tho cossa
trim of hrcatiriiig

llowr-yi-r' iii Siri'irii' April 17,
IIITt). KA Ilossiriann and K
Sum of HIV Max. Planck Instituti-
for Brain Research In Germany
rt'por'tt'rl lhcy \Vt‘l‘l' iilili- to t’ltl
off completely tln- blood supply
to t’als' brains for llitrl'” than an
hour and \'i-t royiri- lllt' rats \li
llicii brain I’Iiiiiliiii. \\.i.~ corn
pli-Ii-ly normal

'llut. that it.» titri‘, ii. ltrilll
you \..\ 'l'lii point i lll.tl its
Illltliitlil\ 'lttl III" (‘III I'll or i.\\'
Lil‘ll tii..t l'illl\lll lllt‘ tl.llllitLll' il\
wc llxl'tl Ill llllllli but ~.irriii'tliirig
t‘lSt' \‘t‘ iIi-ri'l l\ll'l\\ \l'l what
did t'.ill\t‘ iln- il.irn.igi- Hus
pi-rrdi-il .ininiiiiriiii lIlil\ .ilti-i all,
be [itmxlltll'

l ‘».t\ lIIt\ so ti|)|IIIII\ll|’itll\ Iri-

 
     

WAitl, i graduate studi-rtt in
tliiiriliysics I ll (‘. Ht‘rkt-ltiy,

i-sposi-d .- ii i- salaiiiantlcrs to an
.itmospl Tl‘ of nearly pure
lit-liuiii ‘tir nrort- than B-I hours.
'I'bi- ~~lzrmandcrs (‘Ullllllul’li to
Irri-iit e the lN’lllllTl, htit grad-
ually hccami- t'i-ry (llllt'l 'I'he
tciiipt-riitttrc was zero (Ii-grees
(*ciitigradc, llll‘ frci-.,ir:g point of
watt-r ’I'lic salaniriiidr-r's wt-rc not
fro/.i-n l|l|\Vt‘\‘l‘I‘, Iii-cauer writcr
iii living cells, siricc they contain
stilts, fri-czr-s at a few degrees
bivlow /.t‘rll As Milli] as the sala-
iirnrrtlr'i's wore takt-ii ottl of lllt‘
Ilt‘lrtlll'l :itiiiosplicrc and into
\t‘artii .iii tlit-y l'l‘VlVl‘tl 'I'lit-y
mow-ii inirni-dtali-ly almost as ll
nothing Irarl liappcrir-tl

I am not suggi-sliirg tliiit
llt‘lllllll Iri‘it-riratioii is going to bc
thi- iii-st "high" or "low." ()r'
t'\‘l'll that tlrc hibernation chain
bcr's in ‘Jtittl were filled wtth
Iiclrum [[10 point is that wr-
riiay be Just bcgrrining tlii- long

('rlllht' til i It‘tt'lil \pivi'iai'ulzir.

Iitit sirirpiiu I'\|N'Illlll‘lll llar't'}

Jourrii-y into IriIit-riiation
ttssrstr'tl isptit'c/ttrlir‘ ti‘avt-l.

Black History Week

by Kevin Daniels

this Is Black lllslot) chk ill
the lliiiiirarius Blcccki-r Branili
of the Albany l’tihln llllltll\
located III ilowtitiiuir Alb.iti\
And to kiik Ilic \H't'k «ill to 4
most intellectually stimulating
start \\I‘ \\'t'lt' llll'\\'lllt'tl \irir
esii'llt'rrxsi' lII thi- loirn ol ilttIInIE
poi-I tlillILL‘I iitticss .Illtl noon
lltIll)’\‘\iititl iltti'iliit I»I.iiI
wmrriin. Mina Angelou

"Wc Ich Ill ditt‘tt It'lrlllttll\lI||'
to the Irerocs we Iran" lliimi
winds wcic tiscil tl\ the haw iii
lhcteadings that Maya [‘ll‘it'lllt'tl
along wrth Ilt'l Ltlll\l.|lll ltlltlllll’
|ll "ytittllr H l tll .is \st' \H'ri' t-tlil
"Ilit' IIttttii' belongs I Ilii'iri
Maya, tiii ciliuatot. pliri cil llllti ll
emphasis upon the Ill't’tl to itii-
variety of the readings pri
loinreil Altci stating that 'I do
cation is the only thing that

trees, we were ready to lN‘tllll

first we were llt.'.l'\'tl to
Maya's moving "lime Sir Slroi'
Shine t'oiirpositroii” \\I|lil| \llt'
wrote to a young blaik who

shares sliocs lll iiiiiltown Man

 

PAGE 7A

 

It lltl ltt'\l "lli'lv‘lt' Illilt ll.tik lll\l|‘l\ “t't'h Is \trlllcr
.t . l .. . i

l l‘ Illll I ill \\ltt' \‘ r- lllL' llllll’ lltll to 'tt' ttit‘m'tl itlltl \\|Il
iillt l i t- , t t.
“it ~ri win I In titrii- titli tltilll llii' I‘lllt ill lt'litti.tl\
[Micro . \ ,i t' . i .

.ir III" Ill‘ltl', to .itcil .ll tlu'

lot Iii'i iii'plvi .\ lrtlit to at

\ iiiivri- l n. I .t waxiiirr .ottri’i HI \\i lrlltt’l'lll Ah'trltt‘
II ll..i In: .3 "w ‘r:‘ I’. t\\lt ~'I"I “"3‘ \ll‘l'l II N" I‘HL‘ I“
NIKle \1 ‘ m “L”, or \l.i\.i Init \lllll by lll'l'tlt it ~
“HM, “I t I My [,‘m, I,“ ioi I.r|i lIii It'.l|itlll_L' pioicss

"ll r- ill ||||||I
air «3 \l :.t  Iii. Iltlil It i \ It i

' It at trams 

p---___.._..-_..__-

This Saturday At Henwoy’s

A Folk Rock Group-

THE MEDEOCEOUR
TRIO

8:30 to 1 am

no cover charge

 

beer 8- wine

Indian Tax Card Holders Entitled to
ONE FREE BEER

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

TOWCI‘ East... cine cum laude2

THE STRENGTH OF MANKIND HAS ALWAYS
BEEN ITS WOMEN.

KATHARINE HEPBLIRN
VANESSA REDGRAVE
GENEVIEVE BLIIOLD
IRENE PAPAS

"TIEIE
TROJAN
WOMEN”

IN
MICHAEI
CACOVANNIS

 

    
 

 

     
     
   

February T6 & 17
7:30 and 9:30 in LC 7 3

. $.50 w/stcrte quad card

BUT »

in honor of Valentine’s Day and i
the women of SUNYA

All WOMEN — bring your MAN

in Free!

3
{Short Feature: THE CRITIC

$1.00 without g

mmmmmmmmmmmwwmwwwmwm~mmwm mm

anew-was

 

l
"
all
’t
r
r
i
r
r
i
r
i
i
r
A .
a

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1973

 

