  
       

       
      
 

.; EN w":

-... .Ag-Vci,‘

2.:

Sac—1g:

c ~: ._‘: ':1~<‘i~

are
vmz

 

 
 

. 4"",  , “

 

CUNY Faced With Tuition

Students at the City University
in New York, which has been a
tuition-free system, may now be
faced with such expenses. Ac-
cording toitheMeridian (Lehman
College), those students attend-
ing the CUNY schools would
pay the same tuition as those at
the state colleges. The plan,
however, calls for “a substan-
tially increased ﬁnancial aid pro-
gram" so that the tuition would
be "eliminated" for lower iii-
come students.

Many city officials oppose this
action because it would elimi-
nate “one of the last incentives
for middle-class middle income
families to remain in the city."

Wine Education

At the Universin of Missouri-
Columbia, an evening course in
wine education has been planned
by Harold Bassctt, to be offered
this fall, The culture of wine,
chemical fermentation, aging,

and proper selection and sewing
techniques will be covered. Ac-
cording to Mr. Bassett, “Wine is
a basic food in many parts of the
world, ...and it should be appre-
ciated for this." At the end of
the course, students will order
wine at a meal and drink it. For
this reason, unfortunately, stu-
dents must be 21 to register.
Financial problems at SUNY at
Stony Brook resulted in the
closing of one of their cafeterias.
The Statesman reports that nol
enough students who had meal
plans used Tabler cafeteria and
that the price of food increased.
Students now on the meal plan
there can either use other cafe-
terias or obtain a rebate and
cook their 0er meals. For most
students either option is an in-
convenience, especially on such
short notice. Concerned students
did meet to discuss whatever
action would be necessary to

keep Tablet Cafeteria open.

Another research article on sui-
cide at colleges has been done.
The Spartan Daily of San Jose
State claimed that about 1,000
students committed suicide last
year. Ten thousand unsuccessful
attempts were made, however,
and there were about 100,000
threats of suicide. It has been
shown that suicide is more corri-
mon among college students
than young workers, that it oc-
curs inore frequently at the start
Of the school year, and that
literature and language majors
are more inclined to commit
suicide. Although techniques dif-
fer, the main causes of suicide
are fear of parental pressure and
feelings of hopelessness. Warri-
ings to be observed include in-
somnia, a poor personal appear-
ance, the giving away of personal
possessions, and long-lasting de-
pressions.

 

 

university bookstseee
NEW SHIPMENT OF SALE BOOKS

PICTURES OF FIDLEMAN 1.00

BRIEFING FOR DESCENT
INTO HELL

FOUR GATED CITY

INTRO T0 STRUCTURAL
PSYCHOLOGY

MADAME BOVARY

FREUDIAN LEFT

OLD GLORY: A PLAY

HUMAN ZOO

ADA

AN UNFINISHED WOMAN

A BINTEL BRIEF

D w GRIFFITH: YEARS AT

BIOGRAPH

MAYHEW'S LONDON

ANTIWORLDS

SIXTY RIBALD SONGS

w(from THE CRYSTAL PALACE EXHIBITION ILLUSTRATED CATA-
LOGUE: An Unabridged Republication Of the Art—Journal Special Issue,
available from DOVER BOOKS and THE BOOKSTORE: $4.50)

DEAR BERTRAND RUSSELL 1.00

1.49 KROCK’S MEMOIRs 1.00

PROMISE OF SPACE 1.00

1.49 TRIALS OF THE RESISTANCE 1.00

1.00 LEVKAS MAN 1.00

PORTNOY'S COMPLAINT 1.49

1.00 AMBASSADOR'S JOURNAL 1.00

1.98 ART & PORNOGRAPHY 2.98

1.98 SHAW 0N RELIGION 1.00

1.00 GOODBY UNION SQUARE 1.00
1.49
1.00

198 ROMEO AND JULIET 1.00

298 TWELFTH NIGHT HAM 1.00

HAMLET 1.00

1.98 OTHELLO 1.00

1,98 KING HENRY IV part I 1.00

298 \1 MACBETH 1.00

k.

 

 

 

 

    

SBRlEFS

International

NICOSIA, Cyprus

A band of Arab guerrillas blew out the entrance to the apartment
building housing the Israeli ambassador with a powerful bomb
Monday, and then attacked an Israeli airliner in an apparent attempt
to hijack it before takeoff.

None of the tenants of the three-story building was hurt.

An Israeli security guard on the El Al aircraft at the international
airport wounded three guerrillas as they ﬁred from a car spelttllnp
around the four-engine Viscount.

Police said they found a note indicating that the Arabs lntElel‘d io
hijack the Viscount. It was signed by a group called National Aral,
Youth.

.»\l’

SAIGON

A Canadian peacekeeping investigator charged Monday that .1
ceaseﬁre commission helicopter was shot down in flnmcs by H
heat-seeking missile while flying over Viet Cong-held tI-rritory Ill
South Vietnam.

Maj. Gen. Duncan McAlpine sharply disputed a Viet Cong chitin
that the helicopter met with an accident in which nine of II\
passengers, including a Canadian and two American civilian plltll~
were killed Saturday.

“An accident?" McAlpine snapped. “Surely, with everyone In iln
area knowing this was an approved flight, and with verbatim rl-poii
of the survivors, [think otherwise.

“The fact is that the helicopter . .
heat-seeker."

Nationa.I

. did in fact Sllhllilll .

\l'

WASHINGTON

While Indians took their grievances to a congrcssional Illuillll,‘
Monday, efforts continued to break the stalemate on negotiation I-
end the occupation of Wounded Knee, S.D.

Russell Means, a leader of the American Indian Movamt-nt. Stilll ii
a news conference that the militants occupying the village haw
agreed to stack all unlawful arms if the White House will ml‘l‘l in".
their rcprcscntativns.

Means said he is prepared to continua the siege at Wounded Kin:
for the rest. of his life if the White House biilks ill. dismissing tvlial l|I~
Indians say in denial of their treaty rights.

The government has objected to met-tings unless the Indian
surrender their arms.

\I’

WASHINGTON

What's the number one air pollutcr in the United Status totlav‘
Well, according to the lz'pulug, the official publication of III"
Environmental Protection Agency, the leading air pollutI-rs .nI
burping cows.

According to Iz'pu/ttg, studies havu found that “'l‘cn cows burp
enough gas in a year to provide for all the space heating, walw
beating and cooking requirements for a Small house.” 'l‘lu- \lllil\
estimated that American cows burp about 50 million ion.» oi
hydrocarbons into the atmosphere each year.

Iz'pa/ug adds: "'I‘hcre presently exists no available technology lm
controlling these hydrocarbon omissions,"

[Nb

LOS ANGELES

Anthony IIUSHU tcistil'ii‘il todin tliiil. llt' Ill'l|)t‘(I Danicl I‘lllslit'rg tut“-
the Pentagon papers in ltlli‘.) and thought ill one point llliil lﬁllulmu
was not hoiitlliiig llll' top M't'rt‘l tlUt’lllHI‘liln cart-fully i-nough

lttihhii. testifying in hi.» own ilc-Ii-iiw, tolrl pimrs of it niglil 21‘ 1‘
Iillhbcrg, worlting at a niaclniu- duplicating llll‘ li.i|il‘i‘l., l'.|ll|'ll out
visitor to wall ii page of the lltli'llnll‘ltlh

“I ri-mI-inbt-r thinking to myself. lli_\’ goodness, thou» ilnnt'. 5“ '
lop sci-rut markings. Wi- ought it] but nimo ('dIt‘IIIl " iliv .lli i... H m.
lttlnhu hiiIII.

State

ALIIANY

(iriirli- school and high whiml nllltlt‘iil'u III New Yoili ‘LIt-
lw ll‘tlllll't‘ll lo I'I‘I'lll‘ llII- l'lt-rlgi' ill \lll’t'ldlll c in tho .\IIII ll' m l
daily iIIiile It’llnh oi .\loiul;i\ in
Republican lawmakers

Slrili- Sen .liinu-ti 'l' Mi'l'uilniul ll 'lniiiiw.iiiil.i, :iiul >\“il'llllil' lllll‘
l'liiicI'I H lii'lruh, l( I'uliglilvaiuc, pivtlir ll'll llnil ulltll o iiiuu  om!
probably lu' i‘liiillI-ngI-Il for it.» l'tlllhllllllltill.tl|lV, |li|lil'||).Ill\‘ iii-1 1 I
ll)“ [)lll’ith‘l' “under God" in II)" plvilgi- iiiiglit no mo llll‘ll‘ll n
l~IItiiitglciiiI-Iil of church and stain

lI-giwliiliiiii .llIllli|lIH1‘(I

.. , ’
“"1 wc lliiiik the hnprI-ini- lourl in iii. pimwnl IIIiIlIt’ll|i v.11!
tht'illI tlII- t-oiihiiltilionalily ol the legislation," muil “I‘lltth .it .i “4"?

('IIHII'IL’IH'I‘.
\l‘

 

PACE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

TUESDAY, APRIL It), 19715

 

 

 

 

 

PYE Cleans UP, Walks for Water 

o‘
if you
" re llv care

 

    
    

by Kathy Eckerle

PYE had a busy weekend--walking 24
miles and $3,000 for Delta Labs and clean-
ing up the Pine Bush area.

    

gk
Walk-for-Water i
Sunday’s Walk-for-Water turned' into an I ti;

 

 

   
  

 

  
      
 
 
 

    
 

 

 

 

 

  ' Bright and early Saturday morning, 80 exciting race when three participantsran the I 2*»,
students from Guilderland Middle School 24 miles. aft
‘  joined University students from PYE, the SUNYA PYE President George Keleshian, hi
’ * Bike & Outing ClubS, in a massive effort to Environmental Studies Department director 
{u  2 clean up the Pine Bush area from Fuller to Jon Scott, and Bill Hensel, a seventh grader i"
t f Rte. 155. from Voorheesville, ran the route in four I
ee  - The city of Albany donated four trUcks to hours and four minutes while the other 300 
‘ help in the day's activity, with the Univer- participants walked it in eight hours.  v
.   sity contributing one truck towards the Each of them was sponsored by individuals %‘
effort. Jim Meisnei"s Auto Parts helped by or groups. lon Scott brought in the largest x
towing away abandoned cars. total of over $400. His secret? He hit the 
. David Camarow, former SUNYA student Administration Building “cause that's where  .1
‘  and PYE environmentalist, said that many the money i5.” 1" i, i
pieces of mail were retrieved. A large cache The CVCm WAS Sponsored lointly by PYE w
. ‘ of discarded books bearing the stamp of Mid Sicna's Ecology Committee to l'dlSC
Erandway arkln [Of New York Telephone were discovered, PYE money for Delta Laboratories Inc. Delta
cen+rar& coivin plans to return them in the company‘s Labs is an environmental lab, independent ol w
910031“, sunday apna public relations office and ask for .m cx- (Ill VCSICd IlllCI'CSlS, Wlllt‘h dcpcndslon in-
sponspred by _' I planation. dcpcndciit donations for 'Its cNIstanc. f!
Slcna co [egg ,‘ 3 The students put in] a hard day’s Wink but Located In Rochester, NY, it provides free,
9 2y club j g the day's lob of clearing the area oi dumped “0”le tlndlysls 10 tint/0'10 “Ccfllng |l~ Thell'
h g trash was only d beginning, As cvtdcnl limit 0000 VUIUmCCI’S thC done air and Water
I the picture bclow, still more must be done l0515MllUllWidC--35 in [his 8er alone.
belorc the Pine Bush beauty can he rc- Altogether more than $3000 was won by
captured. those participating in the Walk.
3 .
3 r I
g- I
3 .I
l
b
i
2' I .7"
. I g ’ .
. w . . > . I 1: ,. “‘T E, '. . I ‘V ‘ ’.
Bl ‘ Wee en ‘uccess
ack Culture k d A b
': .  7 3   V 5' f   “ l '  More than ,l,lll)ll pcoplc p.1rtii ipiitctl iii
:1 l ‘ « '1 i I A “ ~ A ‘ h 5 this wcclt‘s l'il.itl\ (‘iiliiii’c \Vt‘t‘lu‘lltl.
l l ' Sliitlt‘nts .iiiil visitors had .i Wlth' \aiIl-it oi
.lLllVlllt'\ to thumb li'oiii, Illl hiding .I \ticiitc
Syiiiposiiiiii .iiitl letliiii's. Iztltlit' Kt-ntliitlxs
\illlp' l” .I (JPIII IIy LItHV’tI Silllll'tlily lllglll .IIILl
ISIII'IIIItlI, libony Voitcs .Illtl lililth (ioltl Ulllt'
lllUlt‘ tlispliiyctl lllt‘ll l.lll'l|l\. 'Illlt‘ “liliit'h
Wiii'ltl Hi. I'.I\ll|(lll i\ l)t'~iltlcl.il.i l’i‘titllit llltll.‘
lciliiirctl tlI'signs by Willic Hiniili. (Iniiiillc
IIUWJI'Li, .iiitl Stt'plit'Ii l’iiiiiows.
All in iill. it was .i siiitt'ssliil "togt-Ilici”
Wt't’ht'lltl. l
"-“_l
i  FIE- I he dopeyou’ll
: . . - I. M... 0. E .0 I t I
~ ‘ ' need for a Europe trip.
I 7 
want to be E d/ tor . .....:".::.';:'cm:tacit:“"W ~
, ‘"“:::.i::::::.:i.......  rm f  '
A Logi- llllll"'l\ll) bI WUL‘l\I_\/ Is currently looking lor .in t‘tllllll-lll'tlllt‘l to scivc Iliioiigli lllt' la” 1‘)” I wiping-I  Ll315:131)|uum
\L'llit'hlcl ll You are liicxpciicntcil, iiicsponsiblc illltl slow to lt‘dlli, you may qllillll)’ WWW", Yr . in hauawlSL- .i';
ll niicicslctl iii lu-iidiiig up the Albany Silldcnl l‘Icss ncxl sciiicsici, pit-.m- Ill.ill yoiii Illlllll', address and H mm m...-...i....«..mu...li.. leg! i
pciliiicnl lllltilllltllllill about yoniscll to ’ "L,"-
l',dil1ii~IIi-cliicl ('onlcsi A mm M I
Albany Sludcnl I’Icss Egaﬁohupmﬁﬁxm l
lelll 00320 SUNYA ‘ “ti-amp“ |wm I  '
Alllillly, New York lllll k 9.1!,
. 

 

 

TUESDAY, APRIL 10, 1973

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE 'fHRlit

 

