 

 

 

 
  

 

 

 

torch is here!

Tuesday & Wednesday, May lst and 2nd

Only students with both tall and spring tax cards may pick up the yearbook for $1 at the Bookstore

window in the tunnel.

Thursday, May 3rd

Starting this date, anyone who has paid student tax, but who has lost a tax card, may pick up a
certiﬁcation of payment from the Student Association 0ttice(CC 346) and exchange it (with $1)
for a copy of Torch ’73 at the tunnel window.

I Prices:

both semester’s tax card..$l
one semester tax card....$5
no tax card.... .....$10
Hours for pickups:

12 - 4 PM.

10 AM. - 4 PM.
10 AM. - 4 PM.

\ri iuapnis .(q pepun‘i

May lst
May 2nd
May 3rd

Important:
There are only 4000 books going on sale. Books are not going to be sold after May 3rd. Seniors

are urged to pick up their copies early.

  

 

 

PICK YOURS UP TODAY H

l’liCE lilGl-l'l‘lit...

 

 

'l UliSIJAY, l/l/iY l, l'J'l'G ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

r

 

 

it's?

The nah Quarter

by Bruce Maggin

Congratulations to WSUA in discowring that a spring sports
season exists here at Albany by broadcasting yesterday's baseball
game. WSUA seems to think that the only seasons at Albany are
football and basketball. Maybe next year when WSUA goes AM and
FM they then can discover some of the other varsity sports such as
soccer and wrestling plus the spring season,

It was a good weekend for television sports watching with
the Knicks, Yankees, Mets and the United States Basketball team all
Winning.

The KniCks are certainly amazing the way they can seeme tum ii
on and off at will. Many writers and broadcasters had written the
Knicksoff after losing their homecourt advantage Friday, but, thr-
Knicka showed their great Poise by easily beating Boston in the
seventh game. I was most impressed with Dean Memingcr, Drain "the
Dream" proved you don't have to have a great shot to stay in the
NBA. Dean‘s tough defense made JoJo Whiti-‘s arir-mmm most
miserable.

Knicks on Channel 17

The KniCks are on to LA, which is no easy series. New York will
need a strong series out of Willis Reed to counteract the rebounding
of Wilt Chamberlin. i don't know why ABC is not televising lonights
opening game. However, WMI‘lT-TV Channel l7 will be tr-li-vising the
game.

The United States Basketball team got some kind of revenge when
they outclassed the Russian Niitional 'l‘czini Sunday. it is pretty hard
to single out one US. standout, as all of thc irollcgi' tlli'stiirh playi-il
incredibly well as a team. One Wonders how badly tln- l’ros ('(illiti
have beaten the Russians,

Baseball’s Eastern Divisions Sl’t'm to l)(' turning into a (‘tilllt'ti_\' of
errors with most of the teams in both lr-iigin-s yorkiiig to lose thi-
most games. The Yankees are starting to play ilitl' lilt' olil llroiis
Bombers, sweeping the Twins this weekend and :iri- tin-lung up to
first plate. With the weather warming up sliorlly. the Yankees
should start making their movr- lit-cause players like Ft‘illll' Alon and
Greg Nettles thrive on the warm weather The addition of villi) Ray
llart, as the Yankce's designated pinchliilter, has certainly ilt‘illl‘ti

Mots 'l'aki' [first

Talk about inching up toward first pitit‘l', Without most pi-opli- on
campus noticing it, the Mets (12%) took over first place on Siiiii|.i\
There certainly has been great pressure put upon the Met lilll'llttl‘w
not to give up any rlliis. Ji-rry Koosniaii. who is III. has ht‘t'll
pitching brillantly. 'I‘oni Seavr-r has lost tivri out ol ill~ l.i.si lill‘l'l‘
starts but he can't be limited. 'l‘hi- Mi-ls haw grillivn f‘il'iikt'l only our-
run in the last 27 innings Si-aVi-r has [)lit'ilt'ti 'l'hi- Mi-ts iniist ~t:iit
hitting to stay on top.

Who says people are apathetic at Albany Dillll‘ than six illllltil'l'ti
people returned the AMIA petition “truth and it aiipr-rirs that /\l\ll,\
is going to get more money.

Perry Johnson. an Alhain State si-iiior. \\'Ull his fifth straight
Golden Gloves title last weekend at 'l'roy l’i-ri‘y will ill‘ fighting all
over the State this summer.

There (night to be some kind ol‘ :iii ilWZII'ti to Albany Stair lrarli
coach Bob Munscy. He has certainly (loni- riiiotlii-r Illll'sldtlillllu tub .is

the track team is undefeated.

C ll 9 Ni ht...
giggrotogg

Have a Saratoga party Friday iiiiilit. May 4th ill
the area's most unusual mew lltllllibiilll Honk

mUSIC . . . dancing (ltlllltlit'll‘ it.” ‘tt‘lvltt'
beginning right alter the ruin l.i( it innit lilr‘
wee hours.

No Cover — No Minimum — Just Fun!
- - - - — - - 1

:.ioii Will I

I Clip lhis coupon. and grandstand minus.
I cost you ONLY $1.50. (Rog $9]

Racmg program starts at B If; p in

I  Colle eNi ht I

rim iii hurt in |l|‘ |Illl|illli‘1‘tt
.ii i.i.iiiri-ti.ir.ii liilill
lo! lirililt ml .iiiln

TUESDAY, MAY 1, 1973

 

 

 

 

 

Kentucky Derby Set For Sat.
Secretariai‘ Has Inside Track

by Edward (Fast Eddy) Knirt

Yes racing fans, the Kentucky
Derby will be run this Saturday.
May 5th at Churchill Downs in
Kentucky. This onc-and-a- quarter
mile race for three year old colts
and fillies is the first leg of horse
racing‘s “triple crown," with the
other two races being the Prcak-
ness and the Belmont Stakes.
This year the Derby features a
probable field of ﬁfteen and ii
purse of about $125,000. How-
ever, the 99th consecutive “Run
for the Roses" has basically be-
l‘timt‘ a two horse race between
well-known Secretariat and high
ly rr-gardr-d Sham.

Secretariat, syndicated for
over six million dollars this past
yr-ar, wrm seven of eight races as
a two year old (being disqualif»
ii'rl once), most of them stakes
races “0 was named horse-of
the yin” last year and so far this
year has won two of three races
Shani was mild for $200,000 a
t'tlllpil‘ of months ago aiirl over
his t‘iil'l'l'l' has won five of ten
ram-s Si-i'i'r-tariat anrl Sham hich
raw-d i-in'h other once, that Com-
ing last month iii the Wood Mem-
orial at Aiiucdin't Ravi-track in
New York Aiigli- Light. a stahlo
inali- of Hi-cri-tariiit who will
also full in the Derby. won that
r.ii'i~ Wllil Sham second and Sec
ri-tririat third ()thcr highly regs

arrli-il horses that. will prohahly

rim in the Derby are Knightly
Dawn, a stablemate of Sham,
Shecky Green, a speedball horse
who has won three stakes this
year. May Gallant, who won the
Blue Grass Stakes, a Kentucky
Derby prep race, and La Pre-
voyante, an unbeaten two-year
old filly.

With the advent of OTB, you
can now place a token two
dollar bet on one of the Derby
hopefuls who you think has a
"pretty" name. But for you ser—
ious hnndicappers. here is my
analysis of the race Angle Light
and Shecky Green, among
othcrﬂ, will battle for the early
lead with Shecky Green prob:
ably getting it. Secretariat and
Shani both will be far back in
the field and at. about the three
quarter pole, they will both
maki- their move. By the time
they get to the one and our»
eighth mark it should he a two

horse race with Secretariat and
Sham drawing away from the
field. The pick here is Secre-
tariat, but one must always be
aware of racing luck, Anything
can happen in a race with a large
number of starters, as witnessed
by Cannonero lI's incredible win
in the Kentucky Derby two
years ago. Cannonero ll paid
$59 at OTB that year, but if
Secretariat wins the Derby this
year he will probably pay some-
where around four or five
dollars.

So find your local OTB office
(there are a couple in Schenec-
tady) or your friendly bookie,
wager your money, then on Sat
urday sit down around dinner
time in front of your 'l‘.V. set
and see this great race. And
when Secretariat finishes first.
just remember that “Fast Eddy"
predictor] the outcome right here
in the Albany Student Press.

 

N

just above
Madison
Theater

 

NEW PIZZA PLACE

PINE HILLS PIZZA

1108 Madison Ave., Albany EAT W

489-01 37

We deliver locally, Open 5-11 pm.
CLOSED MONDAY NITE

i’iiii' iiIII‘. (Liilliiil Sillul‘ / .i |» HT l’r.‘.'.i ii iii‘ l'

TAKE OUT

 

 

 

 

“Man is not content to take
nritur ) as he .mls hot: n
I la insists on pro mg her over:

J i Wtiritiinltitlt'

Not us We make a lldtlll‘dl booi‘
A boor‘ Without any additives or
i'lioinir‘ol preservatives For a

natural ltl‘ioingold taste you Just
i'tiii't illlti in other beers

Natural Rhcinﬁr rid”

We kiii )\\' hr )w yr iii too] about bccr.

oltlu' Mia 

.t..- i. i.. animator... '.

 

 

 

ALBANY S'l‘UDEN’l‘ PRESS

PAGE NINETEEN

 

