    

M

nﬂqVT-l'\ amp .3-



   

 

 

r4:

 

 

.‘N,

  Final Match ‘

 

slawskY

 

The W extends a warm invitation to
all students who might have the slightest interest in
becoming F rs or in ' '

Was well as to all present majors and minors
to'come to a get together on W
French sausage, wine and cheese will be served. In addition
to a discussion of career possibilities in French language
and French literature, those attending will be treated to
the talented entertainment of members of the French

 

Department.

 

by Ellen Dowd

On Wednesday, April 4, the
Albany State Fencing Team
hosted its sixth and final inter-
collegiate meet in our gym.
The event, which started at
7:30 and lasted 2% hours was
against Oneonta. Only electri- -
cal foils were used.

Albany’s four strongest fen-
cers, John Fodor, DickKeyel,
Dr. Henning Meyn, and Robert
Nadelman, faced four members
of Oneonta’s team and got off
to an impressive start. Albany
took the first two bouts and
then lost one to Oneonta's
best swordsman, Enck. We re-
gained our winning streak until
we faced Enck again which re-
sulted in another loss, so at
half-time Albany led G bouts
to 2.

After ii very powerful first-
half, our team weakened and
lost three consecutive bouts.
Captain John Fodor broke our
losing streak with a presti-
gious 0-1 win and at that time
we held a 2 point lead.
Albany couldn't hold onto this
lead. Losing the next two
bouts, the score became tied
7-7 with two bouts left to the
match.

11

     
 

   

 

 

in an evening of country blues and good times

 

vtltJIluLlli Iii llAllttli/it Dillttllll I'llultULlIUlt'i. Iltt
'5UH.‘ 5. N.Y.t.

*ir‘ilri'it‘k‘k‘k ALBANY *********

WASHINGTON AVE. ARMORY
APRIL 27, 7:30 PM

'ililrll’m l‘illlt ttilt Ll'it

Advance ticket sales 65.75 0 at lbectoor $4.75
mall Or

bony .Y.
Tkkatand show Information (Slams-sass

 

Tickets available at:
Art/rm lnl {A51 from, Miami. humus, [MISS Kim. Aihiur Slut Unlvmilv
A»... ’i-lriw, but ru. rill ’uatiu's, Uncut ‘iuunb StittltlllADi tuna Sauna,
lieu-t timid. iktlr lilmltilti. 1|, lat Hour Sum Pill'.lllLlJ lira Hm Fume.
.A'vtN‘ 'itl’lt'l‘lltli ‘Clhlilt Arir limit it” Gilli} lAll‘. Int l‘Etllkl) lint iltirl
’il.AtV|l {(Altllit bimw, humor". l.V, mi. IlHllltOlt

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE ElGl-ITEEN ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

  

Dr. Meyn skillfully attacked
his opponent for a 5’1 victory.
At this point we could either
win or tie depending on the
outcome of the final bout.
John Fodor was up against
Erick in this crucial ﬁnale, a
bout between two undefeated
men. John displayed superior
form as he jousted 13an per-
feetly for a 5-0 win and the
match. The final score of this
much-needed victory was 9-7.
The fencing team was 3~3 for
the season. They split a pair
of matches with R.P.l. and
Colgate. Last month they lost
a match to Oneonta and
having just defeated them on
Wed., they split that contest,
too. Meeting in our gym
seemed to be an important
factor to our winning, as Dick
Keyel said, l‘It makes a dif-
ference if you fence on your
home terrain.” Mr. Frnnk Col-
lins, the team's coach was
pleased with the outcome of
the season and commented,
“The team resu“.s are satis-
factory based on the fact that
we have a small but determined
nucleus of fencers who are

    
   

/"/

CHECK OUT

hours:
Fri.
Sat.

.-0.0.0....0....0.0.0.0...dOOOOOOOOOOIOOOOO.

HAVE YOU
SEEN '

OUR GREAT

NEW RECORD
SALE?

,VI’Sll/lGLE ALBuMsy.
" / $1 .294 .49.\,

/ 1.49—2.49“ \
~ l/ / ‘o- l \
MU lPLE RECORD SETS:

‘\ x.\ \ 2.93-4.98-598- /
\..,§.98-7.§§;98-9.98

UR LINE OF

NEWLY DISCOUNTED
DRUG ITEMS!

unlit/ensitiy bookstore

Mon-Thurs. 9-8230

always available when we need
them" .

The team has been participa-
ting in individual fence-offs for
each of the three weapons. In
foil competltion, John placed
first, New-comer Rob Nllflt'l
man took second llll(l Dr.
Meyn finished tlilrd. In satire
competition the result was
John, Dr. Mayo and Dick
Keyel in first, second and
third, reiipectlvoly. The epic
championships will be held this
Saturday. “In individual [wr-
formnnee the team members
hnve shown grout improvement
over this past your," reported
Captain F‘odor.

The Fencing Society will
finiin this semester with their
annual awards dinner to be
held in May. The only event
scheduled before then is an ex-
hibition at Macy’s in Colonic
Center on Fri. April 27 from
(5-8 I’M. This performance will
be sponsored by Albany‘s
YWCA and will feature our
two top fcncers, John Fodor
and Dick Keyel. The public is
invited to attend and partici»
pate in this event.

,ﬁ

slawskv

9-5
11-3230

FRIDAY, APRIL 6, 1973

~OOOOCOCOCOCC.COOOCCOOCOCOCOCO'COCOOOOOOOOOOOI.CI...OOOOOIIOOIOOCOOOOOCIOOOOOOICOOOOCICOC'

 

 

magic“. ‘ '

a. L: -s. on.» «Mag;an

 

    

 

Sports News and Notes
by Kenneth Arduino

it that the track might be fixed over the summer.
Let‘s hope so, as it‘s a shame that one of the

Belated congratulations to Larry Fredrick. Albany
grad student and J .V. cross-conntry coach, on his
winning ofthe Earth Day marathon in Long Island, school’s top teams has to work under inferior
Another Albany student, .lim Shrnder, finished conditions
19th. Both qualified for the Boston Marathon. *****

Whirl”?

More congratulations are in order for members of
the basketball team. Byron Miller was named to the
New York College Division All-star team by the
New York State press. John Quattrochi ended up

fifth in the nation .in f0u1 shooting.
*lttlll‘

WANTED: A place to throw the hammer. Albany
has been unable to find a spot where it could throw
it without chewing up the football fields or conking
some softball player on the head. Please contact the

gym if you find a solution.
*¥¥#¥

Here is the complete women softball schedule How about showing the spirit that was shown this
which the ASP never received a copy of, and they winter during the basketball season, for the spring
wonder about our coverage. April 24, Adirondack, teams. You get a good chance this weekend when
Away, April 26, Russell Sage, Home, April 28, Am. the Albany lacrosse team takes on Brockport at 2
Int., Home, May 4, Cortland, Away, May 5, Ithaca, pm. The baseball team has a double-header, a real
Away. May 7, Oneonta, Home, May |0,Ncwl’:ilt'/. bargain, this Saturday against Binghamton. The
Away, May ll, Oswego, Home, May 12. New crowd can make a difference as we saw in basket‘

Palts/Oswsgo, Home. ball. so let‘s have a big crowd at these games.
sum Horn

Something New: The Albany Extramural Basket-
ball Championship Will be held starting Sunday
night ill the gym. lnlcrmural teams from Albany,
Sicna and Albany will compete. Also. AMIA wrest-
ling tournament llllS l:rltliiy.()1}(l pin.

The Albany track is in need of a new resurfacing
job. It is being made worse by ilic licavy poundagc
of people who cut across ll. Please. for the sake oi
the track learn, walk around. By lhc way. rumor has

 

Lacrosse
Albany l2, Oswego 4

O'Donnell , Cordon
- 4 Goals

Siickmen Home Sat. 2 PM

 

Another Fan Speaks - .
(Editor’s Note: This letter was sent to us dealing With the girls
and AMIA. We print it in it's entirety.)

Dear Editor of the ASP,

Recently the AMIA Council has been faced withgthe problem of'
having an all girl’s team applying to play League I Softball. I would
publicly like to make clear what I feel is the council’s opinions (and
policy) on this matter, since it seems that the girls are completely
twisting our words around.

First of all, we are not opposed to the, girls participatiiigin AMIA
activities. In fact, we encourage co-ed activities and wish that more
females would take advantage of the intramural activites on campus.‘

And by no means do we want to restrict them to a certain league
or certain activities. We feel that we do not have theright to do such
a thing (mainly because we are completely funded by Student Tax).
Also, the hassles which the girls have blown way out of proportion
have not stemmed from the fact that they are girls.

Personally, I (and many other council members, as well as other
students who have signed up to play League I ball for the reason that
it is the most competitive and most grueling league) feel that the
girls have overstepped themselves here. I really do not know what
they are trying to prove by playing ball in the toughest of all of the
leagues (considering that they probably wouldn’t even win a game in
the “easiest” league). Officially, no cauncil member has threatened
the girls or ordered them not to play league one. Sure, many of them
have called the girls up and asked them to play in a different league.
But they were only doing this because of their concern for the girls,
the other participants of AMIA (who might not want to fool around
and really play rough), and the intramural program as a whole.

We set up the intramural activitcs program by leagues so that the
participants could play against others with the similar amonnt of
skill as they. If these girls want to screw up the system by playing in
a league way above llicir heads, llial is their business. But I
personally do not feel that this is going to help them get a husband

 

 

 

any quicker. waym Halper
Ooo.ooaoa00.o.oooo.0.00000000000000000000000.

 SWEET JENNY GRIT 
$ANALL-WOMAN’S-BAND5
Friday, April 6th
8PM-1AM
$1.00

HENWAYS
of Indian Quad

sponsored by
C.D.G.C.C.

funded by student tax
.OOOCCOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO

 

 

  

! It can take you
anywhere
you want to go

For undergraduates from Nassau, Suttolk, Brooklyn,
Queens, and Manhattan. Adelphi University‘s Early
Summer Sessions mean a productive summer combined
with more than a month-long vacation. As a visuing
student, you can earn up to 12 credits and Sllll

have time for the beach and travel.

SUMMER SESSION I: MAY 29 TO JUNE 30
SUMMER SESSION I| JULY 9 TO AUGUST 10

Courses in Anthro, Art, Bio, Bustness, Chem, Dance.
Earth Sciences, Eco, Education, English, Languages,
History, Math, Film, Music, Philosophy, Phys Ed,
Physics, Political Studies, Psych, Religion, Soc,
Speech, Social Work and Nursrng are particularly
popular at Adelphi during the summer. And there's

“Nature,to be commanded,
must be obeyed?

Then enjoyed That's why we make
a natural beer A beer without any
additives or chemical preservatives.

l‘l'Ol’KlS Boron lﬁol

 

Adelphi University’s Early Summer Sessions

 

a busy campus socrat lite during both Sessions.
Adelphi otters more ways to accomplish more this summer.

You can register entirely by mail _ '
Write for Summer Sessron Registration materials to
08131 C31 Room 103, Leveirnore Hail,

Adelphi Universrty, Garden City.t l.N Y 11530, g
0! Call direcl to Summer Sesston Olticc. filo-2940100, Ext 72b1

FRIDAY, APRIL 6, 1973

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

For a natural Rheingold taste you
JUSl can't find in other beers.

Natural Rheingold 

We know how you feel about been

JWIIV ;.vli|lllt'»u“u' A . mp ms \ V A04 1 , \

 

PAGE NINETEEN

