 

 

 

 

Dean Mayer Hunsberger of the College of
Arts and Sciences has informed President
Louis T. Benezet this evening that he has
accepted appointment as Provost of the
University of Oklahoma. The following is
Dean Hunsberger‘s statement:

“l have been offered and I have
accepted the position as Provost of the
Unverslty of Oklahoma at Norman.

l have appreciated the opportunity to
work with faculty, students, and admin.
isrrators at Albany and particularly the
support extended to me from many sides,
even when the circumstances may have
been difficult.

 

It is with mixed etnotions llrat l con-
template this rriove at this tline. because I
have truly enjoyed my work here and um
leavrng because this new appoirrtrricrrt
appears so promising.

I am certain that the future of State
University at Albany and the College of
Arts and Sciences is indeed promising. I
am corivrriccd tlral SUNYA is well on its
way to beeontinga' University (‘cnler of
trite excellence.

ﬂunslierger's esioti -
and Benezet’s Response

STA TE UNIVERSITY OF NEW YORK A T ALBANY
~. May 10,1973

(FOR [MEDIA TE RELEASE )

I extend my best wishes for success to
all of you on this campus.”

President Benezet has responded to
Dean Hunsberger as folio ws:

“I offer my congratulations to Dean ‘

Moyer Hunsberger upon his appointment
as Provost at the University of Oklahoma.
The University of Oklahoma is a highly
regarded institution. The opportunity for
Dean Hunsberger to serve as the principal
academic ofﬁcer of that University is a
recognition of iris stature as an educa‘
tional leader.

[should like to express our appreciation
to Dean llunsberger for the significant
contribution he has rriade to this Univer-
sity during his deansliip. My sincerest
wishes for success go to him in his new
post."

"My sincerest wishes
for success go to him

in his new post.” - Benezet

Questions unanswered after Benezet

and Steering Committee meet

Steering Committee statement

Wednesday, seven students rrret wttlr
President Benezet, Vice President Strol-
kin and Mr. Welch. Vice-President for
University Affairs. President lienelcl bc-
gan the meeting by asking for a clarifi-
cation of a few poiirls and discussing ii
few generalities with the Steering
Committee. The students were subdued.
waiting for lienczct to
demands presented to him the day be
fore.

respond to the

At the meeting, the President agreed
that lie wotild Write a letter stressing
academic freedom, diversity of ideas. and
student participation throughout the urn-
verslty. The S(' (Steering (‘oiumitleei tell
it unfortunate that they cotrld not get
any of the rrierr to agree wrtlr the serious
lack ol iieedorri and diversity here. They
were also surprised to hear him read iii his
ptrhlrc statement that "no presidential
directive is
cormnitinent oi the
shy of New York"
The S(' already knew of tire stated
coiniiiilirteirt but felt they were not being
followed tip on. Because of all this. there
is still confusion concerning whether or

underscore the
State [lower-
to these Ideals

needed to

rrol a statement Would be sent or who ll
will reach if one is sent.

The next poiiit was the S(‘ concern Willi
the dc laclo quota system here. The
President and Mr Sirotkiir said that there
was no official quota system here, btit
there was a "range" aiid "distribution"
consideration. In effect. it was said tliirt
age, sex. makeup of the department and
fields of concentratton In the department
must he considered so llrrrt a department
does not become lop-sided. However, the
suspicion that there is harm done to

certain potentially controversial teachers
because of a dc facto qtiota system was
not allayetl.

Willi regard to 50-50 representation on
personnel committees of the respective
schools and the (‘ouncil on Tenure and
('onlinuing Appointment. the President
stated that this was not within his juris-
diction. The respective schools had to
decide about their personnel committees
and the Senate iritisl deal with the (‘oun-
cil. The S(‘ decided that this point had to
he pursued through other channels. ('er-
lain faculty members agreed to present
proposals to the faculty of Arts and
Sciences and a few of next year's student
Senators have agreed to present this riexl
year,

At the meeting With the St'. l)r. licne-
Ict said that he too was dissatisfied wrtlt
llic rcctrniriteiitlattons. especially on lcri
urc. system. What remains to he seen is
rust how this revrstori oi the system Will
he rcvrcwcd and, liopclully, corrected.

Regarding the lltrnsbetgcr case. the S('
was under the impression that if charges
were formally lodged against the Dean, air
investigation would take place.

Because of a lack of time. the President
With his ollicr administrators and the St'
did not frilly discuss the point dealing
wrlh teachers staying on here alter llrcir
contracts have terminated. He said it was
not wtlhrn his power to renew their
contracts, nor did he have the money to
do so. ('lused issue.

The 5(' left the meeting wrllr many
questions and ti feeling that a very long
and hectic meeting would take up the rest
of the afternoon. Iiecrrtise of student rriid
faculty interest and frustration. this in-
deed come about.

 

Benezel's Public Response
to Student Demands

The following is the text of a statement
issued by President Louis Benezet at
Wednesday is open meeting:

A group of students visited my ofﬁce
Monday, May 7 to present a list of
demands concerning the process of
awarding promotion and tenure. They
asserted that decisionson our campus are
being affected by attitudes toward per-
sonal and political factors in individual
cases. They raised questions about the
role of the Dean of Arts and Sciences in
this regard. They asked that the circum-
stances of his original appointment be
reviewed and the President suspend the
Dean “pending an invistigation by a
committee."

A revised set of demands was presented

' to my office the afternoon of May 8. To

its items it is my responsibility now to

1- reply.

i start with the generalobservation that
what is being held in question by the
students involved is an entire university
system engaging the participation of very
rriarry faculty. students, and admin—
istrators: systematic student evaluation:
departmental action: the chariman's
recommendation; the action and
recommendation of the Council on Pro-
motions and Continuing Appointments;
and the ultimate approval or disapproval
by the President.

(I) The lines for faculty whose ap-
pointments end the last of June or the
last of August I973 have either been
committed to new faculty or have been
reassigned or are being used for recruiting
replacements. Some of the faculty riot
being rerrcwetl have found crrrployrnenl in
other parts of the University; some others
have resigned. The exact iitirribcr of lines
we may grant. as you know. is specified
by the Division of the Bridget.

Faculty whose appointments are dire
to end in June or August l‘)74 will of
course rclairr those lines until the end of
their term.

The President's Discretionary Fund is a
small SUNYA Foundation account for
special purposes. Its total is $5000 per
year. The Research Foundation ofSUNY
stipulates that no campus foundation
funds may be used toward the salaries of
State University staff members.

(l) The suspension of art officer of the
University is an action wluclr could take
place only after an official hearing had
been held to determine whether there is
reasonable evidence to warrant sus—
pension arid trial. I have no sucheviderrce
and do not intend to call for a hearing,
rirticli less a suspension. Any such grave
action should come before the Senate and
the University (‘orincrl before it is set-
ionsly contemplated. 'l'he tlisagrccrrreiil
With actions of rccommendations of an
administrative officer may freely be
expressed on this campus. That is not the
samclhing as accusing the officer of mal-
lcasrrnce in office. I respect Dean llurrs-
hcrger's commitment to his duties and
find no reasons to challenge the integrity
of his pcrlorirrrritcc.

(3) I am dissatisfied in a number of
ways with the procedures of recom-
mendations, especially on tenure, on our
campus. They are cumbersome, long, and
highly costly; in the time of faculty,
students, and administrators. I am like-
wise dissatisﬁed about the uneven degree
to which students participate in depart-
mental reviews of candidates. Tlte Coun-
cil of Promotions and Continuing Ap-
pointments has too heavy an assignment;
more responsibility should occur at de-
partment and School level. and I would
favor this provided we could achieve a
nrore regularized procedure of review of
the criteria. For all these reasons I arri
prepared to ask for a committee for review
of the tenure procedure and to join in
seeing that the committee be repre—
sentative of faculty arid students chosen by
their pecrs.'l'lris committee should report
to the Senate at the start of the next
year". I will take an active part in whatever
way it is deemed appropriate.

(4) Tire make-up of the School per-
sonnel committees and the Council of
Pronrotions and Continuing Appoint-
ments may be revised if the respective
Schools and the Senate decide to do, so.
Wlietlreror not students should be 50'14 of
the voting members is something the
President uninot order; this is the bus-
iness of llrose bodies to decide for them.
selves.

(5) Whatever “ilt‘ [ac/u quota system"
we may criiploy relates to the general
necessity to preserve fluidity arid llcx-
rbility for the faculty of the future. It is
the President's responsibility to look at
this factor as part of his final approval or
disapproval; but in each case the merits of
the recornrneridations have always played
the uppermost role in my own review. We
approved 5th of tenure applications this
year which will raise the total number of
facility on tenure to about no.

(0) No presidential directive is needed
to underscore the comrmttrncnt of the
State University of New York to a
“diversity of ideas. academic freedom.
and student parlicipaliorr throughout llrc
University system." liy obrcclive evidence
we have greater student participation in
the governance of this University than in
any university I know. I believe that it
cart be further extended to the review of
lcrrtirc and promotion. I assume in this
that students will face the responsibilities
of sharing in decisions. sorrre to which
will not be popular with fellow-students
or faculty members. It is our iob to find
and retain the best people the University
an have for effective teaching and scholar-
ship ill the broadest sense over a period of
many years. I have come to this meeting
in the beliefthat the SUNYA conuiniruty
about Wishing to make otir
University a better place for teaching,
learning, conrruurrity service. arid dis-
covery.

is sincere

I.tlllf.\' 'I'. lir'rit'zcl

It is our job to find and retain the best people the

university has for elleclive leaching and scholarship...

 

PAGE FOUR

Wgaéou‘ésmutmmww v -

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Jamar ..-. a rust-42.4..» pd

FRIDAY, MAY 11, 1973

 

