#31

IT Vol. or No. '3 State University of New York at Albany .rgtipAv, ocroistt 5, i973

 

 

Goodman

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

StonyBro ok

by time Mull"

 

:‘ifr 7-1“ -

'fotal domination. That is [ht
only way to describe Saturday‘s
stunning 69-6 victory by the
Albany State Football team over
Stony Brook.

The Great Dane machine con-
tinued to crush Stony Brook. scor-
ing three more times before tlte half
was over. Albany drove 38 yards.
where Griffin took the ball over
from the ten for touchdown

 

Kendall

number three. Defensive hack
llerm Springer got the ball back
for the Danes when he intercepted
a pass. Marvin l’err'y had anotlter
big gainer lor’ Albany. running 47
tu1/i and his many running backs .V'IWJS hC'WC llcumlé “will” [mm
showed ho“ hewishboneoffenseis “him-fr l'l‘c Pl“!s INCL it W1“

‘cT—tcv.~w._mcmwwumv s

A“

. mpg.
Haw-MW, W

The Danes played all out for six-
ty minutes and did not let up fora
moment. Quarterback John Ber-

supposed to work. as the (ireat
Dane (iround Machine constantly
moved at will, Albany's defense
completely stymied the Patriot
offense and was able to put the
offense in good field position much
ol the afternoon,

It was a brisk chilly windy alter-
iioon and it stopped many people
from attending but it didn‘t stop
the Albany State football team.

Stony Brook won the toss and
chose to kick because of the wind.
l'he move rmmediatly paid off
when Orin (irilfin fumbled the
opening kickoff and Stony Brook
recovered on the Albany 30, Bit
like most of the afternoon. the
Patriots could do little and were
forced to give up the ball.

The Danes then started on the
way to a record 540 yards on the
ground. Albany moved up the field
with great precision. mainly due to
the up the middle running of 'l om
l)eblois. For one of the few times
in the game the Danes drive stalled
on the live and Albany had to settle
for a 20 yard field goal by Mark

Albany's offense was quite ex-
plosise throughout the game. hit
ting for many long gainers lltL‘
next tirrie Albany got the ball. they
scored on the lust play. BetttiI/i
faked a handotf up the middle and
took off wide Aided by some key
blocks. Berta/Ii took the ball 4%
yards for the lirsttouchdownol the
lay

lrithe second quarter Albany got
the ball back and scored twice in
three plays. Only one of lllL‘llI.
though. counted. On first down
BertuI/i called one or his favorite
plays. the phi y actrori pass Bertur
/r lotind stat receiver Bob Baxter
Wide open and the [lanes number
one quarterback completely what
should have been a ()2 yard
touchdown pass. Unfortunately.
he paly was called back because
me of the Danes was offside. Not
to be discouraged. twu plltyt- later
Berta/Ir pitched the ball to (icorge
llollie and Hollie flew 48 yards
wrtlr touchdown number two.

I’erry up the middle for IE and
touchdown number four, Once
again the delerise gave the ball to
the offense via an Arnie Will in-
tercepted pass. In this series Ber-
ltl/ll completed his first and only
pass of the game when Martin
l’erry made a hard to believe
behind the back circus catch. lwo
plays later l’erry carried over from
the Hi for touchdovtn number five
and a 37-0 halftime lead

One had to wonder whether
Stony Brook would return for the
second half. as they took an extra
ten riiirtutes before returning. 'l he
Patriots. however. were the first
team to score in the second half as
they recovered a llollie luinble and
put it over on a fourtlt down and
three pass to Bud Spence, With a
3| point lead. ('oach l‘ord decided
to use the second half much like a
scrimmage. lle freely substituted
and showed off a wealth of talent.
l‘ord got good looks at three of his
backup quarterbacks. Dave
Altonen. Jeff Nekola and Don
Whitely. lhey all handled the
Dane Machine like veterans and
each one riiariaged at least one
touchdown drive

Alioncri got the chance first and
he triiriicdtatly led Albany on a 50
yard drive. caping it off with a
seven yard touchdown pass to
loliri Ktattkii Ahoneri wzistwo for
tvto when he took Albany 4h yards
in the next series with Kianka go-
ing over from tltc seven.

Bob Adler intercepted a l'atriot
pass and ran it hacl. some fourty
yards to Stony Brook's if It was
now \ckola's ttirri Aided by a pil-
ing on penalty. the Danes drove to
tire 1% where llollrc tool. it in for
toucl'diiwii titrrnber eight Ihe
nest tiriie Albany had the hall. the
Danes drove for another score
loliri ( age ran beautifully. taking
the hall in from thirty yards olll.

Whitely got the call nest when
Larry (itirlliaii recovered a tumble
on Stony Brook's seven. He was
stopped after a troubled pitcltout
but Albany got the ball back altera
l‘) yard ptiiit. ()n the first play
Kitinka went up the middle from
the 20. broke a tackle on the 2t),
and went all the way for his third
touchdown of the game and gave
Albany a (19-6 victory.

It was all fun and games for the Albany Statcfoothall team as theyopen-
ed up their first varsity campaign with a crushing victory over Stony Brook.

More stories about the game on page 15.

 

Goodman: Charges “Potty Political"

iv

Kendall: “Nothing to say."

Goodman Asks 100G In Kendall Suit

by Glenn von Nostitz

Former associate history professor
David Goodman is suing Richard Keri—
dall. Associate Dean for Behaviorial and
Social Sciences. for l()(),()0f) dollars.

This revelation was made last week as
the popular one time professor charged
that Kendall. in his former position ‘
history department chairman. acted iii a
“malicious and unlawful" manner when
handling (ioodman‘s tenure case last year.
(ioodman claims that he was the victim of
“petty personal politics" and that Kendall
tried ' to label him a "troublemaker."
He says that Kendall withheld important
evidence favorable to (iood'iian at a
history department meeting during which
the faculty voted on (ioodmari's case. and
that only information reflecting negatively
on Goodman‘s scholarship was circulated.
(ioodman also states that Kendall made
“untrue remarks about my scholarship."

'l he $lf)(l.f)()f) damages are intended to
compensate for“person2il anguish", loss of
salary, and tarnishing of Goodman‘s
reputation as a scholar and teacher.

In an interview last week (ioodman ex-
plained that lie is suing Kendall personal-
ly. rather than the University, because
Kendall “did cct lain things and committed
certain acts that I do not think are defensi—
ble" and that Kendall held a “personal
grudge" against him, However. if his case
against Kendall does prove successful,
(ioodnian intends to go farther by suing
the University itself, and possibly other
past and present administrators involved
with his case. Comments (ioodman: “'l'his
is only a first step“.

The former associate professor stated

that his attorney. Sanford Soffer. feels “l
have a very good case" and that if he.
himself. did not feel he has a good chance
of winning. he would not have spent" a lot
of time and money on it already.“

Associate l)‘an Kendall was reached
for comment last week, but had “nothing
to say“ about (ioodman's charges or his
prospects in the casc.Althouglihe is being
personally sued in a civil suit. it has been
learned that Kendall is being defended by
the State of New York through the At—
torney (iciicral's office. lherc apparently
exists a clause in the education law
stipulating that a delcridcnt is entitled to
legal counsel ll being sued for air action
pcrlornied while in university employ
merit, Whether the state would pay the
$ltlt).t)()(l dariiages should (ioodnian win
the case is unclear. however.

(ioodman feels that it would be in the
University‘s iiitcr'esttosettlc otit of cottrt
because “the University cannot afford to
have its dirty linen aired publicly". es-
pecially in light oftlre bad publicity car ricd
by local media during the llurisbcrger coir
ti'oversy last spring. "My impression."
says (ioodmaii. “is that the University is
considerably bothered by this. and may
make a settlement."

(ioodrtiari has publicly raised other
questions concerning the riiatiner in which
his tenure case was handled last year.
although these objections have not been
included in his legal suit against Kendall.
He stated last week that the tenure deci-
sion on his and a number of other con-
trovcrsial tenure cases was made even
before the cases came before tltc ap-

tliat there exists a tenure quota system on
this campus. in spitcof repeated denials by
University administrators. and he say s
that the existence of such a system.
whether formal or informal. would cort—
stitutc an additional. unfair criteria Ioi'
determining whether an instructor should
receive tenure. besides the traditional
scholarship. university service and
teaching effectiveness requirements.

(ioodman also charges that there has
been “inconsistent application of
guidelines and rules". and that professors
with outstanding records are denied
tenure. while those “who do the ad-
ministration‘s bidding" are granted
tenure. even though they may be mediocre
schola rs and teachers. (ioodriian feel sthat
he has been a victim of this inconsistency.
and comments that, "'l'hei'e are 2i lot of
gnys getting screwed because the; nine to
the university in good faith, follow the
rules. and get kicked otit by adriiinistrators
who change the rulcstosuit their own pur-
poses."

llic former associate professor feels
that the “pr'oblctii” comes down to
"politics. personality. and ratios" and it is
on the basis of politicsand pcrsonalitytliat
he has decided to sue.

A hearing was held Friday afternoon to
determine when the case will be heard in
court. The result of that hearing has not
been learned yet, although it is expected
that the (ioodman vs. Kendall case 'll
not he decided for several.weeks atﬁe
earliest.

 

, :2» m grammes»... 

 

 

