 

  
 
  

bygllrucc Maggin

Tomorrow evening a young and
vastly inexperienced Albany State
basketball team will open up their
73-74 varsity campaignat Williams

Go ne from last year‘s squad are
five seniors including all three
gutrds. This will put the pressure
on ReggieSmith. Byron Miller and
Harry Johnson. who are the only
returning vetcrens. Seven new
players grace the rosteritnd it will
be Coach Richard Sauers job to
shape tltc tuiin into it formidable
tiriit.

l'he problem on the team is
naturally at guard. Freshmen
M ikt‘ Stipcunowicl . Ed Johnson
aitd (iary l'revctt have rill looked
good iii spots but they have also
been \cry inconsistent.
Supeunowigt', a local boy from
Linton lliglt. led liisscliool in scor-
ing and has a line outside shot.
'l'revett. another locrtl product
from Scotia. is a good pliiymaker
and a liriedrihblei, iid Johnson is
tlte quickest man on the team and
has an e\ccl lent shot. Situers says
“He is goiitg to be some player."
Rich Kapner. tip from thejunior
varsity. is a dillcrent breed ol
ballplayer when compared to the
freshmen lie is more poised. Rich
is not spectacular btit he gets the
job dorie. Unlortunately. he is now
suffering from it bad charley horse.

Doc Sauers is still unsure as to
who will stitn at guard but he is
confident that someone will
emerge belore the year is out.
look for Ed Johnson and Kapiicr
to start in tomorrow/sgame.

If Albany is going anywhere this

by Kenneth Arduino
With the most veteran squad in
recent memory. the Albany
State wrestlers open up their
I973 campaign this Saturday.
in the Albatty lriiingular “t 1
pm. The wrestlers will be hard
pre -d to follow in the foot
steps ol the hill sports teamsiis
they try to continue the Albany
resurgence in Vii rsity sports.
[be eight returnees 'dl the
largest group to return in recent

 

 

Cagers Open

year it willhave to get iistrong per-
formance from the rcttiming
lowards. Doc Saitcrs is concerned
about the l)iines"rebouiiding with
most of the opposition‘sfront liite
having a hundred pound advan-
tage over the Danes. ‘I feel Harry
and Byron can still average in dou-
ble ligtires in rebounding." Harry
Johnson will handle the pivot but
faces the awesone task of playing
against centers mtieli bigger and
stronger than him. He will have to
endure a great deal ol'pttnishment
under the boards. Hitrold Merritt.
who d id an outstanding job on last
years .lV will he llariy‘s backup.
Ctr—captains Byron Miller ttnd
Reggie Smith will be counted on
heavily to ptit the ball in the hoop
and pcrltaps more importantly
provide the team with that much
needed luidcrship. Miller. last
year‘s ASl’ athlete of the year.
rnusl contribute greatly underthc
boears.

 

Rounding out the Danes lineup
are Jose Alicea. Mel Brown. iitid
Ron Edmonds, ’l'lteyitllcotild see
more action as the season
progrc "s' bttt right now. tlteywill
make up the bench. l’ete Koola
will play JV brill this semester to
keep hinisell iti shape for mext
semester. when he becoriics eligible
for the \arsity squad.

   

lhe |)ancs have scrintrnaged
against Hartford. Al(‘ and
Southhampton and catiic out
about cten. point wise. 'l'hc learn
looked the best when it ran btit had
trotible slowing down. lot'nietly a
l)rtiie strong point.

Doc Sauers doesn't care to make
any predictiotis lor the season “I

years. ('oach .loe (iarcia feels
that if the t 'am stays l'ree ol'in—
juries and academic and per-
sonal problernsthct 'am should
be able to have an extremely
line season. lltilikc past teams.
experience is a key word.
leading the l‘L‘llll'llCCh. is co—
captzun lai‘i'y Minis. Miinslcd
the learn last year in pins ruid
littsdorte art outstanding iobtlie
Also back is
‘y' ' ' ‘

  
 

last two years.

Wrestle-oil's this week to decide who wrestles Saturday

    

grease

HESS

have a good team as soonr as we
can get it together. There isn‘t
anything we ain‘t do.“ The team
obviously will start maturing as the
season progresses. How fast they
mature will be the key. Brit Doc
Sauers has the knack for teaching
basketball. Two years ago Saucrs
was faced with it similar situation.
having torrep lace four starters.
'l‘hat tezun matured to the point
where they would have had an
NCAA bid il~ Byron Miller wasn't
rtilcd ineligible The situation this
year will be tottgher with freshmen
on the team for the first time.

The team. however. doesn't get
any help Irom the schedule. Witltii
young teatit. it is an advantage to
open tip rtt home bttt Albany mtist
play their first three games on the
road and they don’t return lioriic
until right before lirials'lhis hasto
put added pressure on the team.
lhe schedule itscll isa totigli one
with the Danes competing in the
rough SUNY conference. With
five out of the eleven members in
post season play last yeiii‘.tliis will
not make things any easier.

Hrock port is the lavoritc to take
the conference title as only All-
American Ron (iilliain liiis
graduated. Ihe (ioldcn l-‘agles
possess three men 0‘ 9" or taller.
l’otdam and lititlalo State are not
too far behind Brock port in talciit.
lhc toughest tcaiitson the schedtilc
w ill probable be llartwick and
Sierra. who Albany plays twtce.

As lor the Williams game itself.
itsa toitgli place to open a seasonrt s
thcl)anes lotiiid otit twoy earsago.
It‘sa very smallgy iii and the young
Duties w ill have their work ctit out
lor them.

SUNY heavrcyweight champ.
Rudy Vido. Rudy came into
his owrt last year with it lZ-l-l
record. his only loss comingvillo
Unions llowre ticncdict.

Hack also isco-uiptiiiii Dong
Bauer. Wall Krill. litliiiri
tirossrnan. loin lloi'n. Ken

Kiiickriiy‘ci rind l'raiik Ilcmtaii.
lliotigh tltese itien are \ctct'aits
their positions are not totally
secure. Klllt‘ltlllycl' at I50 lbs

"ri‘i 'llqs’sl

 
  

 
 

. an M

State Universth ol New York at Albany

trail-ﬁg“;

 
 

 

FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 30. in?"

 

 

Season Tomorrow

 

(‘agers perform in; one of their drills. Albany opens their season
tomorrow at Williams.

bang Matmen Host Triangular

will liiive to beat out two new—
comers to take tltcjob that was
lelt vacant by the departure ol
graduate .lcll Albrecht.

At I90 lbs. Albany has
transfer student Don Mion.
last year he wasl'orced to sit it
out due to the translci' l‘tllc.
lle‘s ready to go now and will
be it key additioti.

At Ilti two newcomers. Vic
(iiigliardr and Brian .Jtihr'ey .will

    

sluwsky

battle it otit. Both are potential-
ky top talent and the competi-
tion between the two will ini~
prove both w i‘cstlet's.

l his year's schedule includes
such powerltil teams as ('.W.
I’ost. l)itr‘trtiotitli and RH.
Along with dtiel op—
poncnts. Albany finishes the
season with the SUNY Cham—
pionships. the NY. State
Championships and the
N('AAs.

lhis weekend the first major
lttlll'ttttlllclll is the Albany

Iriiiiigttlrtr last year‘s
winner. Union has to skip this
Last

these

one due to academics.
year's second place learn Dart-
iiiotitli returns and must rank
as Albany's toughest competi-
tioii leading Itiittttotttli is
Mar c.tbtiili w inner.
(‘liuck l stiti.rrt I‘ll) lbs ii'.‘\\’|ii
gne l)oti Mioii rill he can hati-

t innit-s

dlc.

Along w ttlt lkiitrttotitlt. Rl‘l
.tiid lcliiiiiiii ('ollcgc will corti-
petc. (intent secs tltls its it two
team conipetion with |)rii't~
iiiotitli and Albany the pit r-
ticipants. last year Albnity
liiiislied a dissapoiriting third.
on ' and half points behind.

lltts weekend‘s ttirtteli should
give sortie indication how ad—
vanced A lhany isalt‘ 'ady.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

L
t
‘2
r

.‘m’ﬁmdm- «an. ~ e

i
l
i
i

rrJ

\ . r ‘ .
Former Dean I. Moyer Hunsberger, whose resignation touched on
a furor over departmental replacement procedures.

Alumni House to be Built Near Indian Quad

by (‘li'fford R. Levine

Dr. Louis l.llette/ct is sooti cspected togi‘rrnt hisapprovaliind allow the
Altiriiiit Association to begin construction of their conlei‘encc house by
May. I974. lhc Alumni House. in all probability. rsgoiiig to be htiilt on a
site to tliedowntown side ol lndian Quad. in Iront ol’thestand ol treestliat
is north ol the Indian Quad parking lot. lhe selec1ed area is now covered
with silt hunt the lake which was dredged met the summer. llenelet‘siip—
pr'otal w ill coriie about only alter much debate. olteii bitter. concerning
where the site should be.

l‘rte sites were considered by the Alumni Association and by the l€n-
\ri'oiirttetital Decision ('omiiitttec. lltc l‘l)('. lotinded two year's ago. cori—
sists ol lrtciilty. adiiiinistratois. and students interested in riiaintiitrtiitg
satisfacton ecological standards on campus

According to |)atid \\‘, .lcitks. presidcntol the Association. the Alumni
were concerned with ltridiitg a site that would b e on campus. econotiituil.
and that would titty-t any ctt\ rronriicrttrrl standards the l- I)( set. He said he
wanted the House close to a ()tiadiritiglc calcteiitt as the llottse will not
li.r\c L'\lL‘ll\l\U kitchen facilities. and close to the podium so rrsto be easily
rlt'tL'\\ilhit.‘ by all carnpris riteinhcis .ieiiks also wanted it scenic site: one
\rcwnblc trorti both l’cr iiiictei Road and tire main campus

\t‘tillllth'h) .rrose when (any \clw'yn.a strident rcptcserrtaliyc on the
I lit'. declared the whole \llt‘ selection was .r lrrrcc. .rrid that the Alumni
\\\tlt‘lrl||llll tlili\ wanted the:rtoicincntioned site. He said that they did not
sci iotisly consich tlicritlicr Iotii Ilic \t'llrilt‘t'lllllllc’tlttl\llgt|lt)l also clizttgttl
that lllt'l l)(’ was titiriicised Itt politics..rrtd liltll itt.riiy Ill tlielitctiltt \otcd.r
pritticitliri w .i_\ bccritiv.~ ol their tlt‘\|tt' to obtain tenure lle siud the selected
site is in tire lakc .Ilk'll. and that area. he argues, should be lelt alone

\clwyir s.iirl lilrll.l|l\ ol the [our sitcsltird lllt‘lt rid\iiritriges. llcsnggcsted
ptittrrttI the ‘\illllllll lloiiv: on the other sidcol l’ctiiitctci Rd .itear parking
lot number seycn lle \rllti that that site w .is tiltr-.id\ ecologically destroyed.
.riirl costly \ rsrblc tor entering \ isrtors lciiks .itgtrcd against that site es-
.iitd power l.it’i|itiestiic trio lrrt away and tltecosl would
I bl751nmt'sticlltllllllCtll the House,
'eiinieter Rd .and the lake lle

planting tli.it scwct
tl\\' bc\orid lllL' Association‘s planner

Selwyn lilt’ll suggested a tltitil site. .itiossl
said that the land lilt'lt‘ was rlii t lcntctl tot lllt' llL‘iLliltHhL’. btit the State ltad
rtin out ol rnoncy Seltun lll.t|tll.l|llL‘tl that \ltlt'c‘ ttwiisrtltcady ccologicalh
destroyed . construction may as well trike plitci- tltcrc Icnks responded that
\Itlt'C the ticldltoitsc was not built. the slime toiisirttction problems csistcd
.rs with the other site .lcttks also argued that he believed the Aliirtirit Ilouse

sliotild lic prittol tltct.iitiptis. and nut sliirtcd tlll irttri.iri ttrtirltsennblcitiut

\clwyit‘s l.i\iilitc site was llt'rtl tltc \\csti-iii \\ciitic citti.irttc, rust soiitlt
«it li|t' pyiir lli' said it was near \cw ct .iiitl poch l.ri lllllt'\_ lllL' lootbnll llL'ill.

.riirl lll\ s’w til lilt'iilivl' li'itks..rttr|rrtltci I lit riictiilit'ts beltctul.ltowctcr.
tlt.rt Ilic trillslllltlllltl .il this \lly' would destroy the tliiit l.t\ci of trees

\illt'itilllll tlti' r.iiiiptis lltltll .i lcw Lllllllllt'ltltll buildings on Western \\l'

\l-..» sewage would il1|\t‘ to in piiittpcd tipliill, increasing the .ilicad\
Iriiirtcd tosts

\clw \it's lrn.i| suggestion was tlic tirirycrsioii ol the \\.t\cil\ l'l.ii‘e..tit old
ltoittc. rust oll tltc south side ol the carriptts leitlss said tltrtt the old Itoriie's
irstorn tron would bc t ostlt and it necessary c\p.insron would destroy rnriny
\lso tltc lowit oi (itiildctlitnd Iirrs/ortetl tlt.tt lttittl tesidi'nttitl. illlti the

trees
ice that tiilirip

\lr lynwtiyillc Ilottteowitt-i's \\st>L|.llIt|ll is set lit eitlri
Icrrks also crnplinsi/cd that the '\illlltl|l.||t' p.rrt ol the campus and it
would not he iiglitlor them to be rtttywltcicclsc lle espliiiiied tltiit tilt-AA

 

Lines forNew Math

  

 

by Lee Levin
Following the resignation of
Arts and Sciences Dean I. Moyer
Hunsbcrger. a search
News committee was

mittees are in the process of inter-
viewing prospective candidatcs to
ﬁll the position of Department
Cbairrnan in the departments of
mathetmatics.‘ physics. computer

    

science and chemistry. These com-
mittees are responsible for the

Amtysis created for the pur-
pose of investigating
prospective can- preliminary investigation of

didatcs forthat vacated post. In the applicants and recommendations

interim. the deans of the various to the Dean of Science and
schools within the college of Arts Mathematics. of those who might
and Science ltavc assumed the load bcst fill the positions.

of llunsbergcr's work. '1 hey have Some departments are indeed

as of yet. reached a definitive making progress in their quest. yet

on on any possible designate. ll seems that the hill I974 semester

Since that time. four department may begin with the search com-

cliiiirmen lia\e lelt their office. as a inittees stillseirrchiitg lt)l'Cl1tlll'nlt:lL

result cit her of \oltintary in actuality. therc rtreiio litiesopen
resignations. or sortie ol the other at present. l'his means that at this

internal clcaritrtg processes ol this titttc the administration ol

unitei'sity. lirich ol those St: .\Y A has not allocated

departments has Iornied its own prrrtrsioris lor' the position and
search committee. also With the iri- salary ol men one suchdepiti'tmcnt
tcttt oi iirriyirig at a suitable cliriimiari. let alone four.
replacement ltll’ their head post. According to Dean Cowling of
have been tlte School or cierice and
Mathematics. SllNYA's propos»
ed bridch lot the l‘)74-5 academic
year willrrsk lorapproxiniatelyteti
additional lines. it appears that
SUNYA may end up with a budget

 
 

 

 

l licse committees
searching outside oi this tinitet‘stty
for candidates for the position and
none has ol yet. settled on a
sittislitetoty prospch

At present. the tour sear'cliconi-

is ttot autorioritotis ll‘tllll the rest of tlie university. hi fact. he argticd that
sixty per cent ol AA‘s lunds go to university related functions such as
scholarships.library additions. \ar'ious lundsiind teachingawards. He said
that wtth the expected Alumni fund increase the AA hoped to spark the
construction oftil ieldhouse..lenks sir id. "l‘h is campus needs a lieldltouse so
bird it hurts“. and Selw'yti agreed when he said. “’l'hestudentswould be best
sened if the Alumni Association pressed for a lieldhouse.“

the Alumni House. it appears. will be builton thetirst site. but severalol
Selwyn ‘s salety proposals have been approved by theEDC and accepted by
.lenks. Selwyri‘s safeguards incltrde a niaxrmum ol seven parking spaces. a
single dti\e\t:ty. a riiittire trail between parking lot seven and the House (of
which .letiks stritl."'| but would bcgtcitt. l'hiit would be lantasticf). and the
l' | )(‘ cnuiiirrrged an arboretum and garden. useol natural ventilation and
solar energy til possible) arid the rigltt ol the lil)(' to \ icw any ltirtlicrcx-
parision

lhc '\lllllllll llntise. according to Dr. William (i. l‘loy‘d. lonticr (‘hait-
iiiair ol the lititlding (‘oinmittec ol SllNYA’s Altirtiiir Association. wtll
‘]\|ti\ rile iiiect trig and conlcierice Irictltties loi campus groups. community
groups. and alumni, and w ill protrch art triloiitial hospitality center for
.iliirnirr. .trtd ttniycisity use in its iclritiotisw itlt cstenutlgrotipsrind \isitots.
lltr- lloiise w ill .ilso sertc as the repository loi' nicnioi‘abilta signil'iutnt to
51 \i r\ and will pto\ idc ollrrc space llll .ilttrtiiti lcilllltllh "

llcni \ \l Muller‘er present ( ’lirrrnniin ol the llttildirig('oiiiitiittec. trta
it'llt'l tollr lonScoti. ( Ii.ririn.inol tlicl l)('. stud that the arcliitcctw tllbc
t'llLttlllrlilUti to “itiakc the project ecologically sotttid. .irid to desing a
bit Ilti irig that I‘. compatible w rtli the surrounding ent tioiiriicnt “ lhc Altim-
nr \ssocrrrtioti agrees that the lloiisentust be disunctly ritodeiit so as to lit
in with the campus. liowetei . they hope it will hayc a WWII met" atmosphere
l|t.t|t tltc icst ot the campus now coittcys

llte rittlirtect is to be chosen this week. .Ieiiks is lioprrig lor' art t'tlr
\ironrttciitiil showpiece. which will probably please (hiiy Sclwyri. but not
dissuade him from following his environmental convictions in the future.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

    

. s
E
’ g‘tltat .idtlitionttl faculty is needed in

 
  

 

(which calls for only three or four
new lines after it goes through
legislative review. Possibly. none
of these vacancies may go to the
Division of Mathematics and
Sciences.

All SUNY centers are allotted
the same ﬁnancial resources per
full-time-equiva lent student by the
State Legislature. But President
Benezet has the final say as to how
these funds will be spent. Accor-
ding to Dean Cowling. ‘some peo-
ple"arc pressuring the university to
lormulatc new programs and
departments. Environmental
Studies. for example. Yet. how can
the administration justify the
detelopment ol new departments.
which require at least one depart-
tiierit chairman arid one other in-
structor. when the university can:
not men allord to adequately stall
its established ottes'.’

Iliis liill. .1! per cent ol the
Ii'eshnian class enrolled in biology.
('rilctiliis classes are admitting up
to sixty or seycnty students per sec-
ttoii. and there haye been talks ol
liri\ irig to s on teach the course asa
l5ll-student lecttirec lass in orderto
accottiitiodittc the rising nuniherol
students who wisli to take calculus.

lhcre is it notice posted on the
ninth bulletin board in the liarth
Science btiilding concerning the
application for possible graduate
student iissistantships lor the coin-
iiig spring scrrtstcr. Yet.uccording
to ('owlirig. the badly understaffed
math department will probably not
I'L'CCl\ e the funds necessary to gnint
such assistants.

llie solution does not lie iii the
cutting of liictilty btit rather iti
placing tltc opening ol additional
litres its lirst priority iii the budget.
‘S'onie leople' are dcrnirndiiigthrit
new dc partmeitts he formed.
"\ornc people" iii the coiiiiitunity
want the (iillegc oi (ieiietiil
\ltldtes lit tillct lltelti Ilttirccottl‘ses
\\illtil cart lead to a degree. litit
who are these "people"? lliey do
not scent to be tlieitiarority ol Itrll-
rrrtrwcrpnwtlcnt stttdctits tor whose
bent-lit the tiiir\ctsity has been
illitttdlt'ti ltittds

llrc rising need lot stall in the
l)l\t\lt)ll til .’\l.itlictiiatics tlllli
\ticiir'cs seems to stem liorn the
conllictttig lticts that SUNYA was
t'slrtl‘tllsited basically as it liberal
ritls irniier‘sity btit in recent years.
more of its students hate decided
to “hip” in math or science | title
has been done to .rtcornrnodtitc
these additional students. and the
l.icitlty has complained that their
terrcli irig will sullci iii large classes

the tact remains that no lines til
the tour departments illL‘ tin-
And.

pristtiiitis

tried r.itel\ .it .i il.rblc

although, the taciiirt
which will be \tit'iitcd Ill tlicsc
departincritsby those w ho hate not
been granted tL'Iiltlc will deltnttely
bc tilled by new tactilty . any ol the
\.ic.incies may be tiscd to add new
to other tlepriitriients.
the [lit istori ol

laciilty
In this misc.
Matltcrtiatics and Sciences would
ierL‘ cten less litetilty nest year.
llie overall student body ol
bllNYA has becti increasing over
the years. and it seems only natural

‘lil'ticl to cope with the situation.

