 
  

   

      
   
     
    

 

   
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 

r
i
i

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

by Michael Lippman

“Soylent Green is people!"
shouts Detective Thorn
(Charleton Heston) as'he raises a
defiant, bloody hand to the un-
caring masses, and is carried
away, his calls for jUstice un-
heeded. That’s it. The End. What
the movie has been leading’up to
for a few hours. In the over-
populated world of 2022, the
Soylent Corporation has dis,
covered that the oceans are
dying, and the only food source
remaining, plankton, are running
out. No more high protein foods
like Soylent Yellow or Soylent
Red. So, upon Executive Deci-
sion and unknown to the con-
sumer, all those dead human
bodies are taken off the Waste
Disposal plant and turned into
nourishing little crackers of Soy~
lent Green, the company‘s latest
product.

Maybe that's supposed to be
shocking. It's saVed for the end
for the sake of "impact" and
"mystery," but accomplished
neither. Leading up to this,
we're entitled to other leftover
extrapolations of ecu-doom:
people eVCrywhcre (40 million in
Fun City) living it) abandoned
cars. guarding their tenements
with submachine guns, sleeping
on stoops, lining up for their
water ratioti, paying $150 a year
for a jar of strawberries. The
shock effect of all this wears off
after a few secorirls, especially
since we've seen it thousands of
times in documentaries about
llong Kong, Bringing it home to
our own lovely land whimpering
aan its last moments doesn't

"Sonent Green" 'f

accomplish much. And it all
strikes me as rather dull, a world
where one might die from lack
of interest rather than lack of
food: waiting in line all day,
looking for a place to sleep all
night. The quality of life is far
from bearable, so if someone
gets the idea to preserve this a
bit longer by eating the dead,
what of it? Look at it as the
ultimate in recycling, or let
century transubstantiation (your
favorite relative back as a char
treuse wafer).

The moral isue is Soylenl
Green isn't important. There is
ample demonstration of the dis-
parity between rich and poor,
but the film neVer bothers to
make the statement it should,
deciding instead that since every-
one is doomed, it's too late for
ethics or politics to matter. Let
the scavengers and exploiters
have their fling-they'll only die
a few days after everyone else.

What Soylenl Green does do
monstrate is that no one has yet
learned to make a great science
fiction film. Big budgeLs and big
names (also includitig Edward G.
Robinson, Leigh 'l‘aylorYoung,
(Ihuck Connors) don’t help pco
ple who have no feel for the
genre. What Ford and Hitchcock
have done for the Western and
the Suspense since 1950's
"Attack of the Large Angry
Ugly," liut moviemakcrs are still
far too limited in scope to re
c . the brilliance of modern
science fiction on the screen.
And as long as ycarly efforts like
this continue to pack them In,
there will be little room for
improvement

 

WAST, TV-IJ, will prcScnt a
Humphrey Bogart Film Festival
the week of May l4-18th iii a
very unique viewers-choice con-
test. 'l‘V-l3 is offering titles of
H diffcrcrtt Bogart movies to
choose from. The five movies
receiving tlic most votes will he
presented, fifth place on
Monday, fourth on Tuesday, etc.
The actor playing Bogart for
the festival is Bob Sacchi, who
local lhczttrc goers might to-
incrtibcr in his role irt “Play It
Again, Sam" with (icotgc (iobel
it few years ago at the (‘olonic
(‘olisciirtL

Bob will he at WAS'I~ on May
ll, to present the grand prize
witrncr with a trip to the
Bahamas. For all the old and
new Bogart fans, this should be a
rare treat!

Humphrey Bogart stars in The Maltese Falcon.

 

'I'E
lAf‘imoErmaoaws
R

IN

EVER YT HING
S TER E0

 

 

 

NOTlCE ANYTHING
DIFFERENT lN

 

 

      

SURE IT'S LIKE HAVING
A NEW Hl-Fl SYSTEM
FOR THE PRICE OF THE
SPEAKERS ALONE.

YOU PUT UPA
BLOOD, SWEAT 81
TEARS POSTER.

      

YEAH...
BUT HOWABOUT
THE Hl-Fl SOUND?

    

HEY, it"s REALLY
GREAT. WHAT
DID YOU 00 ?

IWUGHTAPAIROF
NEW PIONEER R-SOO

 

   

  
 
 

TERRIFIC.

 to“?
,1

 
 

SPEAKERS .

 

 

(U) PIONEER' R-SOO 2-way Speaker System

llear ttte way your lilVUllllf record or ltllH.‘ should really sound. Bring ll itt and we’ll
demonstrate it Wllli ttie Pioneer It 300 speaker systtrni You srmply won't believe its spectacular

sound it: itoduction tllllll you ltettr ll,
' Only $119.95 each

WELL_ HANK, FROM
now on l'M SPENDING
A LOT MORE TIME

sonny I CAN‘T
ACCOMMODATE
You. I'M BOOKED
SOLID SINCE
IGOT THE
PIONEER R-SOO'S

HERE...

 

 

comma #55354 M
I.“ “ISM

I
7

Y SCHENECTADY
m an- out
uni"

TTS

    

OLE?“ FALLS Pl
“was” "

new
“can!”

    
      
   
 

No, I'VE cor ROCK,MANTOVANI
AND BEETHOVEN SESSIONS
COMING UP! HOW ABOUT
NEXT MONDAY
FROM 3 To 4 .9

 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

FRIDAY, MAY 4, 19715

    
       
   
     
    
     


i
t,
s;
g
13:
.

 

 

 

 

 

mu 4.». t;

,d

W, eati’toiiais Etiet‘ters

 

    

60M IM 305% ../F YOU
NEED 50ME7H/Nﬁ,‘ 6/MPLV
A51? YOUR MOW/ER

JAM/E, IM 0N My WAY our
.../F you NEED ANWH/NG:
c7057 ASK YOUR GRANDM-

     

 

 

 

meo: JAM/E. ..I DON'T
ampeeammp 7;;st TH/NGS,
60 ASK your? are 5/5752

 

JAM/E, YOU'RE A PEST. ..
/F YOU NEED 50METH/N6,
60 ASK THE 5/7752

 

owe: JAM/E, 774E TV /5 ON/
or you NEED SOMEfH/Nﬁj
rear 617 /7' vat/95Eth

     
    
  

 
 
    

Actording to sevottil I‘tii'nict' l? Mass.
undergrads who arc prom-nil) doing
graduate work here at Sl‘NYA, [Jean 1
Moyer llunslicrgt-r had sonic miiitii drift
culties Wltilt‘ head of the Arts nnd
Sciences College at the hittssiii'liirsclts
school. One of the stutlt'ttlm was it nit-tit
her of a committee attempting in wt up
ati advanced degree program tti I'iiit- tlll.\
there » apparently over the objections oi
the Arts and Sciences Dean.

The students claim that for Mlllli'
“unexplained reason" funds for the pro
gram were appropriated liui ('llllllllllllll\
“blocked”. They say that the funds wot-v
"misappropriated", that is, gin-ii ltl
departments other than the art. tlt-pat'l
mcltt. after being specifically designated
for the art department by ltight-r lllllllill‘l
ties.

The students place the blame lot this
"missappropriation“ oti llunslit-i-gcr
'l'hcy cltrim that he consistently tlisr'riitti
nated against the flllt' arts department a.»
Well as other humanities ill-pai‘ttrtt-ttts,
and favored the “hard sciences."

The students say that sl'Vt‘riil pt-iiplt-
questioned llunshcrgi-r about llll' iiiisstiig
funds. and that he “told different stories
to different people."

Being somewhat alarmed by iliis
“misriapproritttion", the former lllltll‘l
grads, along with other syiiipatlietir
faculty and .‘i'tUth‘lllh put logt-ihei ii
“dostcr” on lluttslicrgcr, and M‘lll lllllll
iiiiititin on his past to l‘Vt'l‘y llll‘llllll‘l o!
lht‘ Massachusetts lcgtslniurv, hoping to
bring to thcli' attt-ttttoti what was going
on at their state untVt-rsity

Directly after the (limicrs Wi‘il‘ ntiidt-d.
one Dr the student lcitdt-rs reportedly
reeetvud ll pliotit- ('nll, informing litttt that
he and his t'ollowtng were being sut-il foi-
muffin“ UH! doaicrts iti official university
envelopes iirid oti official letterhead 'l‘liis
suit, according to students still at U
Mum. was later dropper! as the tillllll‘lll
strike was then reaching ll l'evvr pitch, and
the administration did not want to igniti-
uti otherwise hlﬁhly volatile situation.

The chairman oi‘ the U. Muss. iiri
dl’l’urtmunt suld that he passively sup
Ported the students' investigation into

 

 

it‘ti

. ..AND tﬂtM/E D/D.

gaff§$ »

Q‘

X~Lwl

’«N

 
 

 

 

Where Have All the Files Gone?

    

1. ft\ frfl'llll i'tttt \‘lhlilj

Wlll‘i'l' lllt‘ funds had disappeared to. but
\'i.i> “llirt-atr-nctl" by the l)l‘tlll With
having his departmental funds cut off if
be actively aided their efforts.

Apparently the threat ofa lawsuit was
not thi- tiiily action taken against the
\llitlt'llh 'l'wtt of the slurlcnls report that
lllt‘lt iitiltlt‘lllll‘ files and those of their
friends \\'lltl Worked With them on the
rltisivi prrth-t't Wt'l‘i' “mysi-t‘totlsly
riiissiiig” when they asked for them upon
applying to gi‘ndualt' schools.

t'\i'l stutlt-ttts here ill HUNYA have
t'tittiplitirtt-(l of Sttlilt‘ associated pi'ttlilt‘rris,
.irid liavr- charged that lht‘ art dcparttrrcnt
llt'l'l' is \t'\'t'|t'l_\' dist-ritiiittati‘d against by
lllt' :idtittrnslratiott 'l‘ht-ir concern over
\\ll:tl they considered unfair
l‘iiiirlrrtg:idrtittitstnrtlon lllllltlillu "I'll ll!“
t'\'f'llllldl lt'll - meeting lit-twccn tll‘l stu
tit-tits .iittl M‘Vl'l'lll high aditirtiislt'atorh

 

. i .

.\ l’itilsttI' iii tlllt' til the Humanities
ilt']i.|tlllll'lll.\ wi-iiis it) be having lt‘oulilt-s
\villt llll\\ltltj film. [on He says he is
disliked li\ his tll‘llillllllt‘lll (‘llltlrtllttll
\\'lll)lll lll' I'ltlllllh I.\ llllllhln‘rﬂl'r'h “yr-s
titan" llt- claims that ritual of the other
faculn titvtiilteis Ill this department dis
like the tli.itirit;iri rather intensely,
.ilthtiugh lllt’ll’ illl' .i lt-u senior members
Wlltl “git .iliing” wrllt llll‘ t'lltlillllnll

'l'lrt- |ll't|ll'.\.‘~ttl lll rpit‘slitin was allegedly
going lll lll' promoted iii Associati- l’rti
trumu .itttl gut-n lt‘tllllt‘, by title ttf the
tll'lltil'lllh'lll. But when lit- iihhl’il lo M‘(' his
lllt‘ his iront'tttil'tdt'rtltrrl filc lltt') told
him he could not see it. Later, when he
tlhlil'tl again, they told ltrtii that it was
"lost"

What is t-vvn more significant, according
to this professor, nnrl according to tittc of
lllh colleagues as well, is that the chairman
lh attempting to bring ll friend of lllh from
another university to SUNYA to fill the
tltsl'nvott-d professor's position.

Nont- Ill the names invoth-d can be
tllM'lIint'd yet, hillt'l‘ the Wholl‘ l)|lhllli‘h5 is
now going through the proper grievance
channel». Hi

There ill'l' ii lot of professors down at
tib'l'A who llrl' Very upset about Professor
llllVllli lit-mg dented tenure. Most of them

. coiilliiuiid on pan-t It:

i
"Bureaucracy Is a glam machenlmi
operated by pygmlas."

Honors do Balzac

 

Facing Facts

Tuesday’s editorial, “A Decision out ofDivision,” contained an important
crror. Although the ASP has chosen to endorse no one for the SA
presidency, the editorial unfairly and unintentionally implied that Craig
Jenkins, the sole black candidate in the race, was a more undesirable
candidate than his two opponents.

The editorial pointed out that EOP SA often runs into financial trouble,
and that because jcnkins is VicePrcsidcnt of E0? SA, perhaps he is not
capable of balancing SA‘s yearly 3500.000 budget. That would be a valid
objection but for the fact jenkins has nothing to do with E0? SA's budget
iii the first place. We retract that objection.

lf Craig Jenkins were white, there would be tio suggestion ofracism in the
mattcr. But because Stvdcnt Association is white. because the student
media are white, because the administration and faculty are all predomi-
nantly white, whenever there is a conflict between black and white, thch is
necessarily the smell of racism. Racism is nothing so simple as the good or
bad motives of individuals. Racism is a situational conflict. It is irrlclvant in
political rclationships whether the individuals involved are cgalitarians or
racial supremicists. What is relevant is that blacks and whites are still
economic cnctnics in the United States, and that is so, among a variety of
reasons. because the financial superstructure in this country employs 1 radan
as a political tool to trcutrali'lc outrage at its own actions.

Racism, in political relationships, is a smoke-screen raised by politicians
to obscure what is basically an t : onomic power struggle.

Sooner or later. Student A~ ration is going to have a black presidcnt.
Assuming he is competent. his election will have a progressive cffcct. Blacks
and whites. instead of insulting each other privately, will at last bcgiti to
swear at each other openly. So far, there have been few formal political
relationships between blacks and whites on campus. This is largely so
because SUNYA has two “separati- and (quasi Jctptzil" student govern-
lllL'lltS.

When this ends its it will cud, either with Jenkiti's L'lt‘Llltlll this year, or
sortie tilllt'l’ black‘s next ycar racism won‘t die But it Won't be under the
rug cit lit-r.

No Support For the Dean

Will President Bette/ct .tnswcr l’rtift‘ssttr (ioldstcin‘s challenge? ( )r Will he
choosi- to ignore the charges. [llt‘ criticrsms. and the difficult questions
surrounding Dean Hurtsbcrgcr‘s past illltl present?

'I'ln- .it’adctiiic year draws quickly to a close. with only a few more issues
of the ASP yet to be published. It seems that the President realizes this and
Writild rather “wait it out."

It is itt'vcrtltclcss surprising that President Bcnczct has not defended l)cari
Ilurtslicrgcr.

thi 'l‘hutstliiy .iftcriitttiti llutislicrgcr must address the sciittnnrtual tiicctitig
of the facility of the Arts and Sciences College ill the Ballroom. There will
he lllillly lll)\lllt' faces lll that audience. and without public support from
Bent-vet. it sci-tits lluttslicr'gcr will indccd be standing illitllL‘.

History Repeating

[hiring the past few wccks thc ASP has given intensive coverage to the
past :ittivrtics of l. Moyer Hurtsbcrgcr, Dean of the College of Arts and
Stir-tires. The findings include the alleged "lies" that led to his resignation
from lllt' University of Massachusetts, “misapprtipi'iation” of funds, and
gent-rally poor relations with many academic departments while at the
Massiirhuscttsstliotil.

Sonic people may .isk: How can you condemn it man today for what he
did llll't't' ycars .igo? Perhaps he reformed. What is the relevance of the
findings at U Mass to SUNYA today?

Wc fer-l that the facts have spoken adctltiurcly for themselves. The
hostility that Hurisbcrgcr's prcsctlLL‘ has engendered during his two years on
this campus is widespread, reaching almost every department of the Arts
and Sticntcs (.‘ollcgc.

Wllt‘ll sctiioi faculty tiiciiibcr's begin to seriously discuss calling an
extraordinary meeting of the faculty because of llttrtsbcrgct', we know that
lllt'l't' must lie something seriously wrong,

ltt short, lit-an l"llltlhl)t'rgct"h past is rcpt-tiling itst-lf lit-re :Il SUNYA. And
lllt' ll'lt‘VillltL' of his past ltisiot y to events oftoday is .tll trio obvious. 'l‘hosc
mart \tllllt' tt'iiitisms .trid charges raised at U Mass .trc surfacing oith again.

 

 

Technical Advertising
£7 to!) atutslt littda ntule'
Hmndcd in [910 b] Lhall linda desmond
rnatt tneyet Busrness
Editor-in—Chicf Editorial Pages Circulation ph_il mark
only rtcctaidt glenri von nostitz [on wood jeiry albrecht
News Arts Exchange Ad Production
rm" '~‘ lJU'WO' a"ClY palley mark lttcotsky debbie kaemen
mtndy aliman bill brtna Photography sheila scnenketn

kailiy ecketle Sports jay ,menbew gary sussman

Off Campus btuce maggtn davtd slawaky Classified Ads
DOD may“ ken ardumo lundud by Student in: {h k
dantty r055 ca y gang

preview unite com, lilttillil 4b] moo Graffiti

tame (“v.5 utllliillul policy is determined tiy llttl l’tltlnlltil Board. mm “Nay

 

 

 

« x 

 

