  
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

.. m cs.voeum,_.~.~...y-. .._._,~..- y .c., "~13.

   

"A": I" The Family 

by Barry Bennett

May l5:- Mrs. Pat Nixon, citing the Con-
stitutional provision for confidentiality of
the» boudoir, announced today that she
deﬁnitely would not hand over to the
Watergate prosecution the White House
bedroom tapes. Her statement was ini-
mediately echoed by Mr. Nixon, who stated
that he backed'Pat “1,000 per cent,” leading
to speculation that he wassecretlvitrying to
ease her out of her present position. The
President did say that the Constitution, if
not interpreted literally, clearly affirmed
Mrs. Nixon's refusal to relinquish the tapes;
nonetheless, her disclosure caused much
consternation on Capitol Hill, the talk
centering upon the possibility of the im-
peachment of Mrs. Nixon as First Lady. The
Congress is currently very much divided on
this issue. and several questions which would
ﬁrst have to be resolved were brought up.

The ﬁrst question considered by the
Republicans in an attempt to delay or
forestall House action was the order of First
Ladyish succession were Mrs. Nixon to be
removed from office. The names ﬁrst men-
tioned as possible replacements were those
of Tricia Cox and Julie Eisenhower, but
these were generally viewed as inappropriate
and possibly leading to cries of Presidential
incest. Ftirthermore. it was noted that both
of the candidates are already married and
that the First Ladyship would occupy too
much oftheir time. Next was brought upthe
name of Rosemary Woods, the President's
long-time secretary; she, too, was quickly
discounted. as it was believed that herap—
pointment would lead to more charges of
“dirtytricks” by Mr. Nixon and his staff.

The question was next raised of whether
Mrs. Nixon would first have to be divorced
from her husband before impeachment. The
First lady was most adamant in claiming
that the Constitution explicitly stated that

she could not, in fact, be impeached while
still-married to the President, and that he
would never divorce her. Mrs. Nixon asked
also that the nation not forget her great ac—
complishments of the past; she“ referred
' speciﬁcally to last year's Halloween party in
the Blue Room and to the complete
redecoration of the West Wing of the White
House.

The Attorney General said that the entire
matter would have to be further researched.
and that the Congress should continue with
its inquiry. This has led to the belief that Mr.
Nixon is quietly atte'niptin'g't'o Work out a
deal with the Department of Justice so as to
remove his wife from ofﬁce with as little em-
barrassment as possible. The President
could not be found to comment on the
divorce issue, but one theory claims that he is
offering Pat exemption from taxation as
alimony. However, it was reasoned that
since while in ofﬁce Mrs. Nixon paid no tax-
es anyway (in line with current First Family
policy), it is highly unlikely that this would
be sufﬁcient enticement to convince her to
vacate her ofﬁce.

It was suggested that the matter be resolv-
ed as quickly as possible, as the country
could not survive without a strong First
Lady for very long. But as of last night, the
crucial questions were as yet unresolved:
negotiations were continuing at the Justice
Department, with Mrs. Nixon appearing

conﬁdent and unwavering. and Mr. Nixon

invisible still. Mrs. Nixon was heard to say
last night that she would notbethe first First
lady to be impeached. and to murmur. “I
will not rcsign ifdivorced! I will not resign if
divorced!"

May 16- The White House announced today
that Mrs. Pat Nixon has pleaded “no con-
test" to one count of frigidity and has quietly
left ofﬁce after cleaning out her dresser.

 

@rcmtiu millage Gene Water

 

 

TH

,5,

    

 

  

E LESSON

   
  
   
   
   
 
   
  
   
  
 
 
  
    
 

’4

 

  
   
 

or ATERG

JUII§VIFIIC ’
neuter» W
O

 

    
 

ATE

 

 

* ‘ Building For ,
The Future

by Mitchel Zoler

As the delegates slowly sifted toward the
exit. the wooden stirrers in the discarded
coffee cups leaned against the sides as if they
had collapsed with fatigue. The soda cans
had their nauseating sprinkling of soggy
ashes over thecover, beside the forgotten flip
open top. The distinctive odors of stale
coffee and smoke lingered in the now-
deserted Assemny Hall,asign one has learn-
ed to associate with long hours and hard
work.

Appropriater then, these souvenirs of last
weekend‘s Student Assembly remained.
since the twelve-plus hours spent on
hammering out a statewide student govern—
ment paid off with expected. but still
necessary results. Even through the stumbl-
ing over names that constantly occurred, due
to the sole reliance on block lettered name
tags in front of each delegate. a sense of
organization. of the desire to work toward
specific goals, came through.

In this first, basically organizational
meeting. the goals were tiic approval of

becoming the legislative body for SASU, Inc,

(the statewide equivalent of Student

Association), and to write up a constitution
for future meetings. It was particularly the
former accomplishment that gave the entire
Assembly a purpose. Although the decision
was simply decided by one short vote, the im-
plicatiotrs are enormous and pave the way
for all future actions.

The best way SASU-Student Assembly
can make its presence known is through the
economic resources that will be available to
it. I have heard many peoplecondemningthe
Assembly by saying that its power, in rela-
tion to Chancellor Boyer and the Board of
Trustees. will be minimal. At the start. this
undoubtedly will be the case. HOWever, after
the consolidation and organization that will
inevitably arise with the exercise provided by
bundling SASU‘s budget, Student Assembly
should become. within a fewyears, a force to
be reckoned with.

The idea of a student organiration
transcending the University level is a
relatively novcl one with many problems iii—
Iicrent in it. A base hadto be built. no matter
how meaningless it initially is. upon which to
add in the Iuturc. The setting tip of such a
body based within SUNY is an innovative
step that bodes well for the coming years.

ACLU’S Six-Point Plan

I.

by Doug Horwit'l.

Amidst the Middle East crisis rind the re-
cent vice-presidential resignation. the
Watergate furor that once filled the front
pages of newspapers across the country had
been pushed out of the limelight. During
those few weeks, the question of presidential
impeachment had been a subject of little con-
trovcrsy. The American Civil Liberties Un-
ion (ACI.U) had continued and is continuing
with its rigorous campaign for impeach-
ment.

The A(‘I.U is intent on helping bring 11
serious start to impeachment proceedings in
the House of Representatives. 'Io begin the
movement successlully. the ACLU is hoping
that citi/ens will write their Representatives
in Congress and urge them to support
presidential impeachment. If a minority of
the House calls for impeachment. thcti it
twu-thirds vote by the Senate can convict
Nixon ol the charges lodged against him.

I‘ossrhlc grounds tor impciichtncnt are
numerous according to thc ACLU, Among
the more serious charges are

l) Nixon‘s appiovrilol'thc "Huston I’Iriii'
which allowed for the usage of political Slit-
ycillancc.

2) Establishment of WiiIIL' Itoiisc \L'L'tL'l
police (plumbch which tictctl outside the
law in its espionage tactics.

    

3) liurglririling oI lillsbcrg‘s psychiatrists
ollice by White House aides.

4) Establishment olizin “enemy Iist"Ior the
purpose of IRS.

"5) Sccrct and concealed Cambodian born-
bings conducted Without the authori/ution
of Congress. it clear \ioIiition of (‘on-
grcssional law.

(7) Nixon‘s attack upon the press Iollowcd
by it series of illegal wiretaps and Hi] ill-
\‘csligtitions upon news nicdia,

These and several other instances til dis-
tinct presidential Violations of thc ('onstttu-
tion :irc Wilttl has prompted the AL‘I ,U to rict
accordingly. |Iowc\er, Nixon has claimed
he Iizisrin “inherent powcr"to act inti lasbion
that “mcrridcs” the power oi the Bill oI
Rights. It is that \‘cry philosophy that the
A('I.ll is trying to hall, for if it istillowcd to
continue, the stage will be set for presidents
ol tIic [inure to act in thc sonic manner. Ihc
A('| IJ sums tip their position by stating,
" | ilL' country cannot withstand a system ol
pi‘csitlcnliul poch unlimited by the Iiill oi
Rights.“

/,l'Ht'I'\ to [flu lu/Imr XIIUIl/l/

lu' l)'/)t‘-It'l'lflt'll tllltl

\Igllt‘i/ (rm/ml uml t/t‘llt't’l't'tl)

[17(1 ,f.’/i

 

coIIegium

 

i Method of Tenure

Selection Questioned

by Gary Hillebrand

In his 30 October Collegium discussion in
the ASP. Dr. Malcolm Sherman dcfc nds the
tenure system used at SUNYA. He presents
busic descriptions and justiﬁcations for
several aspects of the tenure process but
emphasizes the policy established by thc
“Sirotkin Memorandum" which limits 2id~
ditionalconsiderations after a negative dcci»
sion on tenure has been handed down. Ap-
parently Dr. Sherman presented his views in
order to provide an additional perspective
on the current tenure controversy. His
evaluationhowever. faich to includcdiscus-
siiin of the actual bases for the critical
positions assumed by many Iaculty members
and students. I have not noticed scrioiiscom-
pIaints about the evaluation system itscIl As
Dr. Sherman indicates. the system is it
reasonable one. The numerous complaints
appear to be concerned with “16 actions ol
the administration in fulfillingits obligations
in the tenure system.

A critical issue is the procedure used tocs-
iriblish the university policies relating to
tenure. The policies of tht: the Board of
Irustccs establish the rcsponsihility ol the
faculty to providc the legislativedirection tor
academic affairs. [be President. it rippcars‘.

REMEMBER THESE
OLDIES:

Up on the Roof

Movies

has the right rind obligation to suggest or
\cto legislation but not the right to legislate.
Several policies relating to tenure. including
thc “Sirotkin Memorandum.“ have been
decrees of the administration established
without the advice of the legislative body of
thc university.

 

 

The system is a

reasonable one, but . . .

 

 

CLASS or 774' and HENWAY’S present:

NOSIAIGI

WITH THE 0

i;

This Magic Moment

Under the Boardwalk
There Goes My Baby
Saturday Night at the

In addition to the er ror in establishing the
policiics. the administration is guilty of fail-
ing to distribute statements of policy to the
Iricully. Strﬂcnients ol policy relating to the
"Siioikin Mcmorandum."carlytcnurc.and
quota systems have not been distributed to
thc Incult) members directly affected by the
lcnuic considerations. I‘or cxtimplc. the
"Siroikin Memorandum" was prepared in
August . I973 The pt-Im stritcmcnt has not
Iiccn til\IIlhlIltTd to thc itlL‘llii)’. In the in-
IL'IIITI. the administration has prcpiircii the
new edition ol the faculty Handbook Much
contains the guidelines Ioi' promotion itllilii

   

tenure. The policy dictated by the “Sirotkin

Memorandum" was. not included in the ,.

Handbook. Although it‘may not have been
the intent of the administration, the failures
to communicatgsolicy changes 'appearss ef-
forts to modify rules after tenure
applications are ﬁled in order to meet the
U niversity‘s quotas in the various academic
ranks and appointment classes.

 

. . . the President
and other administrators review
charges against the President
and other administrators.

 

 

 

the SPA Agrrement (the agreement
between the faculty‘s negotiatinguniLSI’A,
and the State) requires that policies.
procedures. and rules which affect faculty
members must be on ﬁle in the Univesity
library. The adminstration has/failed to es-
tiiblishthe file.PoIicies such as the "Sirotkin
Memorandum" are not available as re-
quircd. This is a direct and serious violation
of the SPA Agreement.

l)r. Sherman claims “the Senate. in failing
to resolve the issue (reconsideration after
mandatory year) at its October IB meeting,
has already forced Vice President Sit otkin to
Ircc/c the I8 (faculty) line in question." In
iiict. Mr Sirotkin established the regulation
illegally and the Senate must not be criticized
loi failing to act hastily in an effort to
nunimi/e the consequences of irresponsible
ridininstrativc actions.

Ilic oihcr issue involved in the currect
criticrsms of the tenure system involves the
integrity of the ad ministration. Dr. Sherman
says "they systcin of course does not war

 
 
 
  

A NIGHI
RIGINAL DPIEIHQS

NOVEMBER 9

AT HENWAY‘S

$1.50 - Class of '74

Doors open at 9 pm

perfectly. and depend:é for its succeslfu

operation on a hgh‘dbgrge'of integrity among
'those involvédan- integrity which is not

always present." The credibility of the ad-
ministration has been severely damaged by
inept handling of tenure policies and
procedures. This administration bungling
lends credence to charges of unethical
behavior in matting the actual tenure
decisions. It is obvious that the policies
presented by the administration are not
always foIIwed by administrators and
charges result which claimthatthe actions of
the administration are irresponsible. The in-
tegrity which Dr. Sherman suggest is re-
quired is not inevidence in the ad-
ministation‘s behavior.

Dr. Sherman appropriater refers to the
availabilly of a grievance mechanism.
"Faculty...are further entitled to make use of
the established grievance procedures
if: they believe their
rights have beenviolatcd." However, if one
‘cxaniines the grievance procedures and the
results of the grievances which have been
filed. he finds that the procedures do not in-
sure responsible reviews. The grievance must
be filed withthe President.Thc President ap—
points another administrator as review of-
Iiccr. So the President and other ad-
ministrators review charges against the
President and other adrrunistrators. Even an
riprr'orievriluation ofthis process must ques-
tion the rationality ofthis situation. In fact,
the administration has used the grievance
procedures to present defenses of the ad-
ministration's actions rather than asa forum
[01' unbiased evaluations of the substantive
issues raised in the grievances.

I)r. Sherman says thetenurc systemis work-

ing here. I disagree. To work the system must
be itlll' to everyone. not only to those given
tcnuch he systcmcan not/work here until the
admiiiist ration is rccogni/cd asa responsible
participant in the tenureevaluution process.

 
 

 
 

   

FRIDAY,

 

5

S
.-

(t.ix card and II) required)

$2.00 - all others

  
 
    

  
   

 

 
  

       
    
   
   
   
   
    
   
    
  

 

 

    
     

  
    

 

 

    

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

' “W
R I ’ COOIZIIIleljnti Some Kind of
 S ’Qﬁzﬁgﬁmgbomijjjfzy Wonderful Show time 10 pm I
WINE AND LIQUORS  Save the Last Dance and] 0m 5
FILL YOUR HOME |
‘ Lowe“ Legal Prices Permitted   for Me  '1   Live music all night long  
 on All Merchandise In NY State giﬁ‘fygﬁfgjm meme" 0" BMW”  i
 A full Line of Whiskey and Gin, Vodka, Iiici’lfé’fl'iii PQKKG  THE METERS iii-‘5“ iiii'w‘iwwf‘mﬁmw  t.
.  Foreign and Domestic Wines and Cordials “1322121? Putin GRANT RICHMAN’S “mg?”  7 wow. Homo....,.M.....oom.i . _ n . _ f“”_”_‘f‘f““”'“WMNTRT  
  3   434-04 t tuArrannors   ' Putney Swope g  l n . _  
 V “will A A.1
 v PAGE FOURTEEN ALBANY STUDENT PRESS FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1973 rmnrw, NQVRMM- R M, NH MANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE “WEN %

 w , Mow-.mmomm 

 

