MAM“, ewwcagh

L,_.—n«~.. a. ., ~4 «owe».

L as,

 

 

 

 

  
 
  
  
 

ﬁtgte of the University
-egi'slafive M

Dr. Paul Bulger is a Professor of Educa-
tional Administration here, but is on
leave to serve as Special Assistant to
SUNY Chancellor Ernest L. Boyer for
Governmental Relations.

According to Chancellor Boyer, the
purpose of Bulger's Job is to "give the
courtesy of attention to the legislators
and governor's office." While doing this.
Boyer often finds himself meeting with
legislators at the Capitol, attending hear-
ings at the new legislative office building,
and expressing the position of the Univer-
sity at the legislature. P

He also keeps abreast of happenings in
the legislature, and reports to Chancellor
Boyer on the status of bills before the
Assembly and Senate which deal with the
University.

Before teaching here at SUNYA, Bulger
was President of the State College at
Buffalo, and also taught at Teacher's
College, Columbia University, He is a
1936 alumnus of Albany and received his
doctorate from Columbia.

Following are excepts from a recent
conversation wrth Dr. Buiger,

Glenn von Nostitz/ASP Interviewer

I'd like to get some of your general
views of the mood of the legislature in
regard to the funding of higher education.
Do you see any "loosening up" on the
part of the legislature during the next few
years? We have all been aware of the
slackening growth the University has wit-
nessed since l970. Do you forsee, per-
haps Within the next five years, any
loosening of the purse strings, particularly
in light of potential state budget sur-
pluses?

I think there is a very favorable climate
relative to the money situation. As you
just said, there is a rounding off in the
state university's fantastic growth. How-
ever, there is still a firm: commitment to
complete the campuses that are develop-
mental, such as Old Westbury and Pur-
chase.

As you know, there's a student growth
throughout the university of 7,400 stu-
dents for this coming fall. I don't think
there's any question that the budget that
has been submitted by the Governor will
be honored. The Chancellor has tremen-
dous support, both personal and profes-
sional, and he has respect from the
GOVernor and the legislature. I think the
money picture is optimistic.

The Chancellor is also realistic on the
attiLUde of the legislators on account
ability for these monies, and the public
trust was givon to the State University to
do an efficient and effective job.

wood Reviewed

Have you seen what may be termed an
“anti-Intellectual" trend in the legislature
over the past couple of vearSy perhaps as
the result of the failure of many Great
Society type programs with which intel-
lectuals were closely involved? There have
recently been some surveys taken on
popular opinion toward doctors, politi-
cians, university professors, as well as
other professionals. Where some 60% of
the population used to hold Professors'
views in high esteem, i believe the figure
has plummeted to somewhere near 30%.
Would you comment on this?

I saw those figures but perhaps in my
day to day existence I see only those who
have an inherent interest and trust in the
power and virtue ofeducation. Sol don't
really see this, frankly.

On the other hand, there definitely is an
understanding or comprehension that per-
haps everyone doesn't need a four year
education. Perhaps we'll see more interest
in vocational education.

I do think that more colleges and more
administrators are more respectful of
vocational education, and it's not looked
at with disdain anymore. There are many
rt‘llli‘s to ill] education.

What has been the reaction in the
legislature to State Senat0r Schermer-
horn's bill to outlaw mandatory student
taxes? Where exactly is that in the legisla-
ture now? is it still in committee?

It‘s in committee, and it still hasn’t
come out of committee. Frankly, I don’t
think it's going to get passed. I think that
too many people understand that the
students are doing a great job of taxing
themselves which, as citizens, they have a
right to do. They’re running programs
that are of top quality.

I’ve been involved in the collegiate life
for 37 years now, and I have great faith in
the students-tremendous faith. We've had
poor judgements on spealers and busa,
and so forth, but if you take it
university-wide, I don‘t see how we could
live and be educated as well as we are if
we didn‘t have this right to tax ourselves
as students.

We have submitted a memo from SUNY
Central offices on this. The Chancellor
directed me to do that. We think it
should be carefully thought of. Further»
more, the trustees have made great pro-
grcss in giving guidelines to the various
campuses.

Does the univerSily ever take strong
posrtions on bills before either house, or
do they try to remain neutral and out of
legislative politics.7

Yes. We're asked by various commilti'cs
to file memos of position. Then, of

course, the governor, It the time of bill
signing, asks opinion from various places.
On many bills dealing with the State
University, we get asked our opinion.

There is presently a bill before the
Assembly that would increase the power
and authority of local college councils.
How would this be implemented? What
could college councils do that they don't
presently do, in order to increase their
authority?

I know that bill. What they‘re proposing
in general is that units of the State
University become more autonomous,
each with its own Board of Trustees. But
once you have that, you don't really have
a university system. Our position over the
years has been to have just one Board of
Trustees, and several local college coun-
cils. What the bill proposes is that we give
the budget and appointment powers over
to these councils. It’s more the concept
of setting up separate colleges. So far the
opinion has been that this isn't the way
the State University would like to go.
This question was up years ago when the
university was founded. I don't see the
present practice being changed.

What are some of the more important
proposals coming up in the legislature in
the field of financial aid? Are any moves
being made lo increase scholar incentives?

The Board of Regents has come up with
about four very important bills, all in the
sense of increasing scholarship incentive,
including the bill to take care of transfer
students, the so-called “Bundy money"
for private education, and bills aimed at
encouraging students who needed remed-
ial help when entering college to go on to
a fifth year. These bills are now being
discussed, and hearings are being held on
them.

Just one other question, Dr. Bulger.
What do you think will happen in the
future relationship between public and
private schools in the state? Do you
forsee an increased readiness on the part
of the legislature to bail out private
institutions with public monies? Do you
see more money being diverted to the
private sector?

I think the attitude is that the State of
New York cannot allow the good private
colleges and universities to go bankrupt.
There has been a great tradition in this
state for private higher education. I think
it's one indication of working-
togetherness that SUNY Chancellor Boy-
er is President of the Association of
Colleges and Universities in the state, the
first public institution president in the
history of that organization. I think it's a
healthy attitude people are bringing to
this problem of private higher education.
I‘ve been a great believer in both secotrs,
and have taught at both the State Univer-
sity and at a private college, and I'm on
the Board of Trustees of a private Col-
lege.

 

Bills, Bills, Bills

Following Is a summation of importanr
bills presently before the State Legis-
lature dealing wirh higher education and
the State University.

0 I I

8.871 (Schermerhornl and A753 Iln-
gressia)

Prohiblts the State University Board of
Trustees from authorizing the imposition
of mandatory student activity lees. This
bill has received the highest attention
from student leaders In the SUNY sys-
tem. If It were passed, the result would be
that a large amount of the support for
student activities would then be paid on a
voluntary basis. The main sponsor,
Senator Scharmerhorn, says the bill is
aimed at ending the publishing of "anti-
Amerlcan" and "obscene" literature and
the Inviting of such speakers as William
Kunstler to appear on SUNV campuses.

A2435 (Cluhanel

Requires Slate University Board oi
Trustees to report any tuition Increase
annually to the Legislature on or before
March 1, and unless such proposal be
disapproved by the concurrent legislallve
resolution, the Increase shall become
effective on July lol thal year.

8.1417 (Giuffreda, Goodman, Carcial

Extends scholar incentive eligibility to
live academic years for students enrolled
in approved opportunity programs; ap-
propriates $160,000. The purpose oi this
bill appears to he to encourage EOP
students to spend five years In college it
they feel it Is necessary, without having
to worry about losing scholar Incentive
payments in their filth year. The Board
of Regents has backed this bill.

8.2013 (Bellamy) and A2346 (M. Miller)

Doubles the number of Regents Scho-
larships awarded annually. Presently this
bill is in the Senate and Assembly Edu‘
catloii Committees.

5.1357 (Ferraro)

Aulhorlzes recipient of Regents Scho~
laishlp to use such a scholarship at any
college or university in the United States,
Instead of only in the state.

A52 (Henderson)

Prohlblts student advisor from d|s«
closing communications made to, or in-
formation acquired by him In his pro»
fessional capacity relating to a sludenl‘s
possession, sale, or use of a dangerous
drug. This bill Is presently In the Assem-
bly Codes Committee. 5.1681 (Bloom)

Provides that sliiderit at any institution
of learning may designate his residence
for voting purposes by filing a verified
declaration of intent. This bill is designed
to allow students to vole in their collage
towns. Presently. the Bloom bill Is In the
Senate Elections Cornmllte.

8.872 (Schermerhorn) and A154 (In-
grassial

Aullrori/es the State University Board
ol Trustees to provide aimed security
patrols in DUIILB Lririiniis grounds for at
least the hours 1) d.l11. lo irildnlght
Whether or not this bill is actually neces-
sary is uncertain, since the Board (ll
iriisiues already has llic authority to
provide lor aimed soivru: priliiils

. t

 

 

 

 

Main Concert:

Tickets: $4.00
Registration:
Campus Center Lobby

FOR INFORMATION CALL 457-4803
AFTERNOONS- 2:30 to 4:30
1

BLACK WEEKEND 973 I
April 6 - 8

EARTH, WIND, FIRE and
EDDIE KENDRICKS

Registration Cards: $4.00

March 21 to April 6

Monday thru Friday: 2:00 to 4:30 pm
Saturday 1:00 to 4:00

MORNINGS - 10:00 to 12:00

Total: $8.00

funded by sludani lax

“00““5'
ASE

SUNYA

6:00 PM.

 

8:30 PM.

11:30 AM.

5:30 PM.

 

 
     

no“ C“

I'-
"‘ STUYVESANT PLAZA
FREE BUS SCHEDULE:

Monday, Wednesday and friday:

(and every half hour)

‘ *This last bus to SUNYA leaves at 9:05 PM.

(and every half hour)

A“6‘5: \

STUYVESANT PLAZA

6:15 PM.
(and every half hour)

8:45 PM '

 

 

 

Saturday:

11:45 AM.

(and every half hOiLll’)
5:45 PM.“

‘This last bus to SUNYA leaves at 6:05 PM.
STUYVESANT PLAZA

WESTERN AVENUE COR. FULLER ROAD

 

 

PAGE FOURTEEN'

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FRIDAY, MARCH 23, 1973

 

 

 

 

I"

Another Look of Budget Curling

by Doug beComte

The President at long last has em-
barked upon it program of cost cutting in
the federal bureaucracy and, to hear the
buying and howling of the politicians,
editorialists and columnists, you would
think the Republic was traveling n
suicidal course destined to bring poverty,
famine, and disease across the land,
milking the military-industrial establish-
ment laugh in delight, while the poor and
“underprivileged” wallow in the mud and
gutter, begging for meager handouts from
fat rind prosperous Republican passersby.

The President, of course, by cutting
out “social welfare” programs, is assumed
to be the arch-enemy of the poor and
downtrodden, the cowboy in the black
hiit riding the black horse, while the pork
barrel politicians and the welfare statist
congressmen, who so enjoy spending
other peoples' money, are the good guy;
in white hats out to save the last faltering
remnants of the Great Society. That is all
biilderdiish.

An inspection of the premises taken by
the critics is in order. Implicit in the
criticism leveled at the budget cuts is thr-
assumption that ii program designed to
aid a certain segment of society auto
matically fulfills its goal. The Model
Citii-s program, for example, is (‘mlISl‘ll'
lziti-d by budget cuts and, therefore, our
t'lllt‘S will further deteriorate due to Big
Brother's neglect, or so thi~ thinking grim.
iii-muse a program is backed by hiimzini
llll‘ltllT convictions it is ‘sumcd thi- in.» of
the program is inhumane. Because mont')‘
is poured into some project which has an
appealing altruistic title it is taki-n for
grlriilr-d that the witholding of such
money produces unappealing results. And
because an army of bureaucrats is
assigan the task of fighting it war on
porr-rly, it is assumed that a ruiri-ul from
lit-at \var relinquishes the liillllt‘flt‘lll to
the forms of poverty. 'I‘hosi- assumptions
lilll~l lii- (illGSIlillll‘fl.

 

“\‘l’lirit',’ 'I'he gUVPI‘ITmI‘llI is disniaiiiling
ilir» (Iffici: of Economic ()pprri'iiiiiil\"'
What Will Iii-come of thc rlr-prrvi-il' llli'.\
\\'lll llll‘ prior find jobs?" And Illl' li:inil
wringing continues ad iiifinilr-ni, wliilr
llii- past ﬂllVi‘l‘llilil‘ilI l'ailuri-s iii slll'll
\(ll'lill prograim rirv lightly hhliiih'il ii'.l'|
or .iltogi-llii'r ignored, and wliilr- (Ill'
iiiiprirlrinl principle of \K'Ili'llll‘l Illi
gin-r-riinii-nt colossus should l'\l‘l rlllt‘llli-l
or i'\’l'il has it right to tllli'nliil. Ill r'iillv .:
laxvs from its citizens (I! lll' ir ml ‘t
\til‘lrll \Vl'lflirl‘ i-xpi-rinii'nts
i.\ iiol I‘Vt'll tippl'llill'lll‘ll.

IIlI’ li"l"

 .0--.

Whatever one's position on the war in
Indochina - hawk, dove, or owl - it is
generally conceded that at best the con-
flict was handled in a clumsy, inefficient
manner, wasteful of both lives and
material and distinguished by a lack of
candor and honesty on the part of gov-
ernment officials - and an apparent ignor-
ance of the true nature of the forces
involved which shaped the progress of the
war. Why should the bungling bureau—
cratic apparatus by assigned the equally
formidable task of curing all manner of
social ills here at home? Why, after it has
been demonstrated time after time after
time that the government is impotent in
such matters, why do people still insist on
assigning such matters to the inepts and
incapable in Washington?

We have grown too dependent on the
forces of government to solve problems
which are better left out of lhl‘ hands of
Itfdl‘f'dl agent-it's. Is it not ludicrous that
the government sees fit to issul’ regula-
tions to protect us from baby cribs and
tricyclcs, Wl’ll(‘I\ it is now doing? Is it not
silly that a group of [)tirl‘lllﬁ n make the
TV news programs by smashing to biLs
various i'hildri-n's toys and, upon coming
to tho romarkablu conclusion that broken
plastic sriini-liincs loaves sharp Highs, [hi-n
ili-miind lliiil llw ﬂi)V('rl|lnI‘llI step in and
do something about it"

 

The government, wliosc rqu was
originally ri-lcgatc to that of it pi'ar'v-
keeper and .i kind of umpire, has swollen
iii Lhr- last Ill yours to lhr' i-xloiil that ii is
now rissignr-d Illl‘ task of curing rill ills and
lrvaling :ill maladies. lip until lllilli,
oxr-r-pl iii iiini-s of war. no more than lh
iii-r (‘l‘lll of (III‘ niiliriilzil Ilii‘till'll' was
i'iiiisuinr-il by the expi-iisvs ril' grivr-rii
nir-ni Now it stands at about lil pi-i' i‘l‘lil.
Arid Ibis sin-riding l.\ mainly for i-iViliriri
piir'posr-s Military spr-nrling has, in rlll'l,
ilm'liiii-il Ii‘rini I13 pi-r r'i-iil (if llic iiiiliiiilzil
lili‘llllll' iii illlih‘ (I) K pr-i i‘l‘ili liillriy.

rim in lillll' .ii‘r- sprinting worn and iniiri'
lrri i1il\l‘i'||lil|'|ll .iiirl igr-iliiiy~ li'\\ and loss
liil llii'll rlrriiar :\ilil [illlllll‘ .rrr- ir-d iiii
\iiili rl .ril \griirrivs rrirl lllill'.|ll.\ ril' IIII'

gmrr'iinirirl |i\' (Ilii \I‘I’\' Ililllll‘l‘ :iri'

\\'I‘»li'(iil illll llll'lliiilll l'liv pi'rilil

llllilril :-. .ilid'ltl .riirl llii l.i\|l.l\l‘l’.\ inrinr-V
ln-rrr mi ruining, so “in Iiii' 'iill‘lill 11'
ii. i (Ilzl'd -.sli.I. Ilil'lll» iririviiig \Ii
I'. .. .r.i irr‘r. il. :rr. \rni .rri' lIllIllL'
*irllii i « iv‘ill ill) il.. .riirw- uri illi‘l‘l’~. lrl

pm,” in.l lilillll‘ llltlli .illilillll Iliilll Ill

._ - .. — - —-r.- 

i -‘m-lIIIEDI-TERRIINEANRTUCIESTROGRAM

I HOST lNSTITUTlONS:

l’l'iigiaiii I).llt‘\2

SOCIAL SCIENCE TRACK

(IIVlllL‘II between Morocco illitI Venice
drilled.)

ROMANCE LANGUAGE TRACK

second

Will be corisrdercd.)

 

be...-

M

FRIDAY, MARCH 7.3, 197";

The University of Aix en Provence, FirillH?
Moirammed V Universrty, Rabat,
The Giorgio Cini Foundation, Venice, lirin

SOCIill Scrence Mayors in their Junior Yrs.” \ili'llll
the first semester in Malta arid the )IBIIIIIKI 'sl'illlf‘ili'i

mores Wlfll specral qualifications wrll bi: rzriiisr

Romance Language Majors sot-rid Illi' (li‘sl ‘rl'llll'\ll'l
III Millltl Willi the Socral Scruncr: Mniors .nirl Illt‘
semester ilillliii in AletliI'lIii/itiiil' llri “H, “dnwnndm,”
lio.iril ill .iil pioiiiain silos, crisl

CUIOHU, 0r Palermo, dcpurirliiiii on “W” l|i.liiii
Piérsriiiril Sili:il(lillg

Idl'iillilge. (Sophomores wrlli special i.ii.r|ilic.iiiriri»

APPLY TO: Office of international Studios Strife
' BIIIgIlEllilIOllr New York

Illa/\llllNl llr\l’l . AI’RII II)

Mriirrrzizo

[All \I I'll\l|lill l'lfi l(i|\l)(i| \l‘\\' I‘J7I

ill;NLIl/\I.

Irriiiiiirigirs Maior
(Siiiiliir

llrriisiiig iii il|lrlflfilUllI\, hotels,
Il)lrll credits I

(XIXI

$73520 |)l|l\ hUNY liillillll
from New

lll‘rllIll .rrirl .li'l.l(ll.‘lll iiisili.iiir,i:

iiiriiii:y iexliri

ELICIIIIIIIY

Good acrirloiiiir. slriiiiliiiri, iiiiiiiiiiliiii rigie

ltl, written

permission of |lrlfllf1l or guardian

l3901

075

l

Goodbye To White" Walls 

by Phil Chansky

Upon being “released” from this institu-
tion it is somewhat friyitening to realize
that for sixteen consecutive years I have
(among other things) been occupied as a
student. This with the possibility of
continuing along this path for several
more years. Longtcrm gratification?
Perhaps, but maybe not in this era of
'overqualilicalions.‘ Independent? Well,
we all are dependent on someone. Only
who that someone is changes from time
to time to time.

Graduation? You mean I won't be

' hanging around SUNYA next year? Hard

to believe. No more bomb scares in the

I business building, or running down nine-

 

  
  
  
  
   
 
  
  
  
   
  
  
 
 

lire Royal University of Malta
ilie Universny of Barcelona, Spain
lire University of Palermo, Sicily

language oi instruction in English if (insurance
Frullcll, SilrllllSll or Italian
(ll‘lllllltlilllj (ill location liitlirpiintlient study oppor '
liiiiiliiis, lirelil trips in Noilli Africa, in ltrily, etc.
and i)l:li$l()fll. (32

(Zmi iiicliidi-s l()Ufl(l
York, room and

University of New Yorix at Biiigi.aihlori

iceii ﬂights at 2 in the morning for a
lire-alarm, or slushing through the mud
and snow between the podium and State
Quad.

'l‘llli PODIUM! Nol being sheltered
from lhc outside world by the symmetri-
cal podium and the sweltering tunnels.
What of the lccrniilg masses (in the
biiokliiic, and Ilic nightly mob-scch at
rliiiiiui‘.’ Well, I guess they'll have to gcl
along without me.

b kl‘t. to Out baskets and maybe some-
rinr- will be imprr-ssi'rl. And maybe not.

No, govvrnmi-nt r'annot sulvo social ills.
In far-l, giivr-rnnioni inli-rvonlion has goon
lIii' cause oi much of those ills. Minimum
\vzigr- laws, for lllSlZlill‘(‘,l‘nlit|l1(?(' poverty
by lill’rl‘lihlllﬂ iinvinploymi-nt, Federal
lirriisirig prrip-r'ts IlliVI‘ In (lati' put more
pr-rrpli- out of liiinii-s than Illsltlt‘ of them,
r-rr'riiiiig \llllhllll'ﬂl‘ll slums in the process.
‘l'liv l'r'iiitl lgrii' housing prome in St
Louis, Irii instant-o, WUIIIII stand as tho
illlllllllll' illtiflt'l of IIII‘ iinpoti-nm- and
iiililily of govvrnnwnl intervention in
housing. lszry “would” stand because this
Ii-rlr-rally \lllihltllll‘tl project. turned into a

lliil to give up the chance of climbing
L‘lltllCSS iliglils of stairs when [he clcva-
lnis air: out, or to complain each night
about ilic lousy food, iii wondering why
lllt' l'ouiilziins are turned off so Ctlily and
turned on so ILIIL‘, or llic cliancc Io
ticscribc liow Io get somewhere on cam-

pus to a visitor as ‘That black building
with the white columns and narrow win-
dows.’ Or to read in the ASP each week
about yet another professor ﬁghting for
tenure, or not being able to discriminate
between WSUA and its 60-cycle hum.

Sooner or later (if you play the game
right) you may find yourself a senior, and
will probably feel a bit sick and yet a bit
nostalgic about the whole situation.
Whereas you knew many people as a
freshman, you may find yourself staring
at younger, unknown faces years later.
Perhaps you may even get to be called a
‘punky senior‘ as it was my honor re.
cently. You could tell someone about
how it was living those pioneer days on

 

 

Indian Quad - but who cares? Or how
Dutch Quad once had custard machines -
you‘ve got to be kidding. Or what it was
like when the student strike closed down
the university - it sccms like ancient
history now.

You may wonder what this place will
look like ten years from now. but will
you cvcr come brick in look? Will they
finally extend the wcsl podium and cm
Edward Durcll Stoiic's dreams of perfect
symmetry? ()i will llic iorii’ near the
computer center finally givc rip and stir
render to thc rainwater? ()i will tuition
and board ever stop rising inoi to men
tion the average QI’AI"

i think I‘m going to miss it.

high rise slum rocking of such crime, filth,
and vandalism that this embiirassment
had to l)(‘ bullilo'Lod lo the ground.

l‘lxamplii afti‘r (‘xamplv Could be given
of similar federal dcbaclcs whore liix~
priyi-rs money has been thrown down the
drum. The point is that government can-
not act iis tbc omniscii-nl and omnipolcnl
benefactor. It has not SIII‘CI't‘fIl‘tl in what
it has Ll’lt‘lI and in trying IL) succr-ud it
may have exacerbated Illilsl‘ very proli-
loms it has sought to llllt‘Vllllt‘. II is timi-
to stop bclivvmg in tho l'i-ili-ral Srinlri
Claim.

 
 
   
 
  
 
   
   
    
 
    
    
   
   
   
    
    
         

 

with

rrl field trips;

$2.50 - JSC

ALL UNIVERSITY

PARTY

ALABASTER
Sat, March 24 at 9 pm "CC Ballroom
JSC»$.25 non- JSC‘ $.75

JSC-III LLEL
GENERAL MEETING

Sunday, March 25
CC 315 at 5:30 pm

i..........................-.

THEATER PARTY

“Man of La Mancha"

Sunday, March 25
Meet at the Circle at 6:30 pm

sponsor: ISCHillel of SUNYA

FREE
BEER & SODA!

$2.75-non JSC

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ALB/\N Y S'I‘UDI'IN'I' PRESS

PAGE FIF'I‘EEN

‘ - *ivazsw  .,

s1.

 

4:”

is
\

 

