 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

by Malcolm Sherman

A recent ASP story may have given the
impression that I oppose affirmative
action for equal employment opportu-
nity. This is false. What I oppose are
certain specific features of the program as
it has actually been implemented here
and elsewhere.

An afﬁrmative action program should
be an effort to encourage members of
groups which have been the victims of
systematic discrimination to apply for
jobs, and such a program should be
undertaken by all employers - including
those not guilty of discrimination. This
can be done by advertising in ,_ ' “ "
which circulate mainly among these
groups, by including pictures of members
of these groups when employees are
pictured in advertisements, and by re
cruiting at schools attended primarily by
members of these groups, as well as at
other schools. In the case of women it
also means ending certain practices (such
as nepotism rules at universities) which,
while non-discriminatoryon their face,
have highly unequal consequences; for
men and women.

Going beyond affirmative action I
favor training programs to upgrade the
skills of the disadvantaged so they can
compete more effectively for jobs r pro
grams now threatened by Nixon admini-
stration budget cuts. At universities, I
favor admissions and scholarship policies
which recognize that, because of past
discrimination and for other reasons,
there are many persons whose past
records seriously understate their true
potential and ability.

Such policies would not violate any-
one's rights, and they are a sensible
recognition of the obvious fact that there
are injustices which persist even after
overt forms of discrimination are ended.
Affirmative action, as outlined above,
would effectively broaden the pool of job
applicants, lead to the employment of
well qualified persons who might other—
wise not receive consideration, and is
entirely consistent with and supportive of
employment based on qualiﬁcations and
ability.

Unfortunately, the program as imple
mented at SUNYA cannot be said to have
been non-discriminatory in intent or
effect. President Benezet, who presu-
mably favors the program, made aspeech
two years ago which was reported in the
Times Union under the headline “Job
Bias Goal Creates 'Reverse Discrimina-
tion' - Dr. Benezet”. President Benezet
has since described his choice of words as
“infelicitous”, but reverse discrimination
was clearly on his mind.

Before I contacted the B'nai B‘rith
Anti-Defamation League, l spoke to
people within the SUNYA administration
about the program and what it meant. l
was told that the ten faculty positions
“specifically earmarked for the appoint»
ment of women and minorities" were just
that ~ jobs for which white males could
not be considered. This is neither fair
competition or equal employment oppor-
tunity. For those of us who remember a
time when jobs could he openly labeled

Affirmative Action Has Flaws

“colored need not apply". it is shocking
to discover that a generation of earnest
efforts to eliminate bias have produced
a situation where jobs are covertly labeled
“white males need not apply".

Other objectionable features of the
SUNYA program were that departments
were asked to anticipate vacancies and
indicate how many “could feasibly be
allocated to minority members” - a clear
request for a quota. Another statement
said "the University will defer the ﬁlling
of some positions until qualified minority
members and women are added to the
staff of the University." There were also
quotas for non-academic staff and for
' ’ ' ' Most ﬂagrantly,
a memo from the academic vice president
suggested that their would be a non-
renewals of term appointments in order
to add women and minority members to
the staff. In other words, there were
threats that assistant professors would be
ﬁred (by not renewing their appoint-
ments) in order to replace them with
women and minority members. Such
policies were not rumors, or inferences
drawn from subtle hints they were
openly stated in ofﬁcial documents, some
of which bear the imprimatur - “approved
by the SUNYA Office of Equal Employ-
menl Opportunity." SUNYA played an
impu- unit national role in influencing the
course of affirmative action precisely
because policies, which in fact existed
elsewhere but were hard to prove, were
openly proclaimed here.

at”: I.

There is now a bureaucracy within the
federal Department of Health, Education
and Welfare which monitors afﬁrmative
action programs, and which can cut off
all of a university's federal money for
non-compliance. Liberals are accustomed
to the idea that policies promoted by the
Defense Department are not necessarily
related to defense, and that the FBI, in its
pursuit of criminals and spies is capable
of threatening the rights of people who
are neither. The Office for Civil Rights of
HEW, however, enjoys a considerable
degree of immunity from suspicion as to
whether its policies are consistent with or
promotive of civil rights. Equal employ-
ment opportunity is not ascertainable
from a computer printout. Only the
numbers of women and minority mem-
bers actually hired can be easily deter-
mined- not whether those hired were the
most qualified applicants. The result,
given HEW‘s power, is reverse discrimina-
tion.

Worse, what is beginning to emerge is a
version of non-discrimination which sub-
stitutes a group right to be propor-
tionately represented for an individual
right to be treated without regard to race,
religion or sex. The ideal becomes 2i
society in which a group which is 10
percent of the population is also 10
percent of every subgroup within the
population, rather than a society in which
each individual is treated according to his
or her qualifications. Non-discrimination
may at some future date result in propor-
tionate representation of groups - but for
the forseeablc future cultural differences
between groups are far more likelv to

result in differing patterns of career

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

Economics Dept.

by the New University Conference

The value of education goes far
beyond the accumulation of factual
knowledge and "engineering" skills. The
existence of continual challenge is the
lifesblood ofintellectual growth. in social
sciences, this means acknowledgment of
the subjective nature of
values and choices. Thus, in economics,
our analysis of the allocation of scarce
resources must ask, “Cui Bano‘?" (to
whose beneﬁt). The radical critique of
economics attempts to explicitly explore
this aspect ofthe ﬁeld.

At SUNYA, the Department of Eco-

nomics has given scant attention to this
area of concern. In fact, the last course
offering the Radical critique was by
visiting Professor Shah in the Spring of
1971. Since that time, students have had
no formal opportunities for exposure to
non-"traditional" economics. However,
the latest publicity pamphlets inform us
that there is indeed a faculty member
with a specialty in radical economics. The
pamphlet doesn‘t tell us that this profes-
sor, Marvin Sternberg, will be leaving
SUNYA, having been denied tenure,
without having offered any formal
courses in his listed specialty. In the fall
of 1971, Professor Sternberg proposed a
course entitled “Radical Critiques of
Traditional Economics." The department
choiCes among groups. The goal of pro—
portional representation appears expli-
citly in affirmatiVe action programs. The
goal of UCLA’s program is to “insure that
stafﬁng patterns in each organization unit
of the campus contain a minimum num-
ber of minority employees at all levels
which is no less than the total proportion
of minorities in Los Angeles County."

The most serious result of afﬁrmative

action programs nationally is not the

scores of individual instances of reverse
discrimination - however regrettable these
may be. There are still as many current
instances of more conventional discrim-
ination » though these take place in spite
of, not because of government policy.
The worst aspect is the threat posed to

Ignores Radical Critique

denied this proposal on the dubious
grounds that, “if it were really worth-
while, il would be covered in regular
courses." (What is irregular about Neo-
Marxist Economics?)

in fact, it is not being covered in the
“regular” courses. The importance of
Radical critiques of present economics is
shown by its acceptance by the largest
(and hardly radical) body of economists,
the American Economic Association.
Professor Sternberg's application for
tenure was rejected because “his field is
already sufﬁciently ﬁlled with tenured
faculty." This may be the case in one of
his ﬁelds, "development," however. he
certainly stands alone in this department
with respect to radical economics. Other
“objective” criteria for tenure such as
publications (more than 12 and 5 since
coming here), teaching (consistently high
rankings in course evaluations), and ac-
tivities (membership on the editorial
board of a national economics journal),
Show the value of Professor Sternberg to
this department.

Continuing oblivion to the theory
underlying the economic systems of half
of the world, along with neglect of
critical analysis of capitalism, is a
narrow-mindedness born of arrogance.

vrr

 

the independence and integrity of univcr~
sities. However, this is a subject which
requires an article longer than the current
one.

This author has tenure, and is not
directly affected by the policies hi- Lit“
plores. But today‘s students, mllit‘ and
female, white and black, am going to l)|‘
seeking jobs in a world in which affirmin-
tive action exists within corporations and
government agencies, as well as at univer-
sities. It is students who have the greatest
stake in whether llffll’muthl‘ action is
something positch and necessary. or it
substitution of new forms of discrim'nii-
tion for old.

 

 

 

 

  
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
   
     

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

STATE FAIR

  

 

 

i'll om to3pm

Campus Center Gardens

 

 

11 am to 3pm

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

r

PAGE FOUR‘TEEN

l

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FRIDAY, MAY 4, I973

 

 

 

:54

. .
Still the On”
To the Editor:

I would like to inquire about the
drilling of the sidewalks in the front
(facing the podium) of Dutch Quad. Ido
understand the need to repair the con-
crete slabs, but I do not understand why
construction must begin so early in the
morning. I live in Ten Eyck Hall, facing
the inside of Dutch Quad, and was woken
up Monday, April 30, 1973, at approxi-
matley 8:00 am to the noise of the
drilling. The clatter continued through
the middle of the afternoon, so iin early
beginning could not have been intended
to avoid the trafﬁc of students who travel
through the area under construction.
Also, I do not understand why this rcpnir
project could not have liccn necomplisln-d
during vacation time.

To the best of my kniiwlcdgc, nu
attempt at this project was made during
our spring breaks and now tho crows ilri'
beginning three WCUks bcl'orc .‘illllllill'l’
vocation begins. During Vill‘llilUll llllll',
this annoyance would obviously iiffi-cl
fewer students.

The people at the housing ol’l'n-c Wm]
der why students llfl‘ fli‘ciiig niiirc and
more to riff campus dwr-llings. llnimni. ,.
Judith l. Weinsicin

Torch Scorched

To the Editor:

1 am writing to cxprcss my nulrugc iii
the 'l‘orch's [IUUI' sr-nsrlrvrly illlll luck of
undcrstiinding of illt' woini-n [Mllllllzillilll
on campus. AI il iiinc wln-n worm-n 2m-
ruggling iill (lVi‘l’ thc country to improve
their status, ii group (if people ill Alhuny
Shite hich thc nerve in spit-nil scxunl
discrimination and lT‘llli'l'lU't'llllll\‘llIlHl‘ll to
other students through an Illlptll‘llllli
hool funded media.

Many women 1 how spoken to linvc
trikcn offense to thc ’l‘iirch‘s Incluslull of
three pages devoted to El stripper with :i
bunch of gaping guys who apparently do
not view sex and relationships II) it {run
iind healthy miinncr. [am not saying that
01-50 individuals should not hilV lhl‘ll‘

 

    

 

continued from page 11 MlSSlng Flles
backed Baylis, and he ri-ci-ivvd ii vcry
positch endorsement from tho Univcrsily
Committee. In fact, cvcryiim- llkf‘li him
with the exception of Vicc l’l'l'sllll‘lll
Sirotkin and President Bl‘lll‘lt'l.

4‘**

Some clarification is necessary l'illl
ccrning the reports iiliuiil llii- ('hvnnsin
Department iippciiring in lliv lust l'UllllllIl
First (if all, ML. Hindi is lllll t'll.|ll‘lllilll
hut Robert Frost M l’riscli was. lli fur
the Associate Dunn l'rir Hr'n-in-i and
Mathematics lit-l'in'c Miilciilin Snulcy
Why he lcft that post is lllIl'l‘lnl', lllll this
rcportcr has gi-cn lnld by (Wu scpiii‘utr
sourcvs that it was lll'L‘illlM‘ of rlisiigrcv
menu. with Hunshr'rgi-r

ll hiis most recently ln-i-n |c:ii'in~il, spam
from twri ilil'l'i-rcnt Mllli'i'i'n iliiil llli' lll.|||
from Cril 'l'i'ch illl‘lll‘li down llii- ioli ull'i-r
as Chi-iii Dcpiirtnicnl (fliini‘mnn I‘\‘i‘ll
though lluiisbt-rgcr wris Willing Io \l)t'llli
sonic $100,000 just if) sci up his crimp
mcnt. Why 2] ri-pliir'i-mr-nt was consiilcii-d
for From in llic first plui'i- liiis ycl ill lw
(ll‘LL‘l‘nIillt'ti.

'l‘hc problem of cri'dihility is of para
mount importancc to an invostiguiiw
rcportcr. 'l‘o mainlinn high iiiirw'lly 1'"
quires constant checking and i'ccln-i-kiiig
of reports he may hour or ri-.id ll Involves
placing literally hundred.» of plltiilt' culls
many of them unproductive ii is .'l job
that requires grciit |)i|ll1‘lll'l‘ .ind Ill'l'nl‘Vl'l
Price.

So far, i‘VI'l‘ylllIllg lll this i‘UllllIlll ililli
priivon reasonably accurate, and Hit has
not bccn accuratc II was publicly l‘tll
rcctcrl. Rumors ilild lll'ul'hily iIl'I‘ mnipiini
UII this campus, but lllllll‘ of ii is lll‘llllllltll'
“M” it has ln-i-ii .irIi-ipmtcly sub-slim
tinted.

1-4 A

“(mung Up‘ 'l'iiv story l)l'lllll(l llu'
closing of the U. Mush. iirl cxliihit will
uppuur on 'I‘ucsdiiy. Also, Illllf‘l‘ nii Quint
and Potash, us well as l'lunsbcrgr-r's prob
lems with the SUNYA Biology Dupiirl
ment, 4 o t

FRIDAY, MAY 4, 1973

 

ﬁt‘ﬁm

Letters to the Editor

 

 

fun. ir this is the way they get their kicks 

- ﬁne. It is the highlighting of a woman as

a sexual object, who is used and played '

with as such, that disturbs me. The
photos portray women as something less
than people creatures who can be
handled and manipulated by the will ofa
group of men. Although this is just one
woman and not representative of the
female sex, the put-down feeling and
attitude iii evident in the poses that the
Torch stuff hich decider] to illuminate for

Mb.

The obvious elimination of women‘s
sports from the yearbook is a subtler
wny of expressing discrimination. Nine-
tocn pages of the Torch are devoted to

male activitics and sports. Not one page .
depicts the many women’s teams and?

clubs on campus « basketball, softball,
track, tcniiis, gymnastics. Last year’s
yciirliook did a ﬁne job in balancing
male/female recreational games. This

year's 'l‘rirch is so mnluorientcd, that ii -
liirgi' iiumbcr (if women will ﬁnd it hard 3 ‘

lo |(ll'llllfy with il.. l know that it meant
nothing to me.

Go Kass-off

To the Editor:

l'i‘c llilli the opportunity to work with}
Mitr-li Kllﬁstl” on tho dorm inspections"

disputi- (ivcr Lhc last fcw months. llc hi

bccn on cffcittivc, hard working chairman 
for the Studcnl Affairs Council Commit-1

“'1' on Student Residences, one who is
lmllrisslllli' in push around.
Mllt‘ll is dcdiciitl'd to his work and to

the intcrcsts of the students. llc would be I
:i grczil iISSOl on thc Uiichrsity Senate:

You can votc until 5:00 PM today in th-

(Yumpus (li'ntcr lobby if you have your;
1 l)., tiix card, and the pink slip the dorm 

director gave you when you went for
your room. I strongly rccommcnd the
clcctiiin (if Mitch Kassuff for University

Sciizilc from Dutch Quad. Whilc l'm at it,§
if you're from Colonial I would zippre-i'

i'iiiti- it if you would vulc for mu.

i’mnnninicaiions should no IVIN.‘
Wllill‘ll and addressed to

[(fllillldl l’aiic Lililm

f\|l)dll\/ ‘ﬂlldtrlli l’il“.‘-, (( l.‘|.

'rilNV‘A, Albany. l.‘£'i’§’

Unless llicie arc CXll'llllrIlllH] i ii
(illli'.l.ll|L|."i, rlll letters must hr: ‘iIIIHUtl.

 

 

Barbara Matilsky I:

 

 

Dave Hirsch ;

 

Pardon This Bosi 

by Mike McGuire

News Item: Four federal narcotics
agents were suspended Tuesday for “mis-
taken-identity" raids last week on the
homes of two Illinois families. The two
families claim that the agents, dressed as
“hippies,” and joined by eleven local
agents entered their homes without any
warrant and proceeded to threaten and
harass the rmidents. One family is suing
for $100,000 damages; in the other fam-
ily the husband was threatened with his
life, his barely-clad wife was insulted in
what he called “the foulest of terms,"
and the house was ransacked. Superiors
of the four federal ofﬁcers said the raid
had been unauthorized.

A Mythical Scenario of the Future: We
are inside a courtroom watChing the trial
of the federal agents, on 75 assorted
charges. One of the four, Special Agent
Phil D. Stashbox, is on the stand. Judge
John 'I‘. Draconian is presiding. Special
Prosecutor James R. Ruthless is pre-
senting the “People's” side in the affair.

Ruthless: Now, Mr. Stiishbox, where
were you on the night of Tuesday, April
24'?

Sloshbox: l was in Collinsvillc tryin' to
ﬁnd these two fugitives. Ya see, there was
these two guys who was dealing dope, ya
sec, to all sorts of defenseless little kids
who are the bulwark of our Gallant
President's fight for simple human de-
cency and-~-

Rulhlr'ss l scc, Mr. Stashhnx. What
wcrc their nzimcs'.’

Slashbox 1 really don't know, Mr.
Pcrsccutor, but l'ri know if I ever saw ‘em
again.

Ruthless. Do you mean to tell me that
you didn‘t even know who you were
looking forl'!

Siashbox‘ Well, of course we knew who
wc wcrc looking for. We just didn’t know
their names or where they lived.

lfulhlcss: Do you mean you didn't
know if theylived in the house you
raidcdl'?

Defense Attorney: Objection, your
honor! The People's Prosecutor expects
the defendant to make a conclusion.

Judge Drar'riniun: Sustained. Narcotics
agents do not have to conclude as long as
they suspect.

Rulhless: I’m sorry, Mr. Stashbox.
Slrishhox: You should be, mister. l have
ii good mind to have you shot, err, l mean
you should watch what you're risking.

Ii'ullilcss Now, Mr. Stiishbox, do you
suspect that you didn't run”)! know if

 

Always Something to Run For

by Phil ('Iiznixkv

llll p.121 \\l'('i‘. ’illllli'llh (ucll .il lt'.l\[
.mnr nl Iln-iiil uric inmlxcrl lll illumiin
\\|ntli llllllil inimn hinmuimlx will ilc
illil' Iii \.lll||il\ \\.I\\ illl\i .il \,|ll||ll\ liiiics
\\iliil .nri uin' |l.i|l million dollars lll
lllr'll I.i\ inonn'x Will cnd up gniiig. llI
illill‘l uuiilx Siliilcnl \wicmlion clcc
l||'Il\ \Vl'lt' llt‘lti

Mml .iIIi-nliun ll.|\ loruscd on llic
prionuin nl 5A l’icxnlcnl and Vicc
l’icxidcnl llnc i.iinl|rl.ilc, who lost lll ll
iiinnll i'lci’lion .l \i-ni .igu, now liiis Ilic
ii|l|lillllll|lly [it [till :igznn llllh yCill (iii-
tlt‘t‘ti. ll \L’Ulllli i'llilllt't!) through illili
giowing SUNYA lILllllllUll oi “supci-
\ciiioix" In lac! Il \ccnis ll giowmg
pi‘lir'llllltli' «ll pi-oplc lllVilth'd lll Ilic
\\Hll\lllt.',\ oi Sinilciil Association and IIS
lll.|llil|L'\ rlu llHl gcl iclciiscd lli)lll lll|\
lll\l|lllllilll on good lli’llilvltll iii loin
\cmx hill l.lllli'| iiiiiliiiuc llicii \liiy licic
.il ilic "invin Iii.iu\oli‘uin” (ll plimsc ol
lllll l’nhlnnxki not Ikiincy l‘llWii‘ll

l’r-rlmpx Iln' iiniigc ul lllL' SA l’icsr
LlClli) Alt‘dil'li by Mitlmcl l.iiiipcii has.
icsullcil lll iniisl piilciilial olluc lIiiIdcis
living wiiicuhul luciy of the piisl. :ind
llllllllll)‘ for Vit’c I’icsnli'iil Iiislcaid Which
lniiigx In llllllli illl liilcrcsliilg llllllll. “th
lll.l||) \ludcnls .iic .iwuic nl Wllill lIIc SA.
Vncl’icxnlcnl'x job I3" l‘lll llmi nialIci,
how lllillly snidciils illL' cvcn aware of
who their t'cniiul ('ouncil lcplt‘hclllilllvcs
inc" ()i [lien representatives In the Uni-

vcixily Scninc" ()i wliiil MYSKANIA l.\
illlL‘lllbch ol ‘7} MYSKANIA not cligihlc
in illthCllllt‘, lrilici «picsiiriii il' lhcy
know)‘.I

Soinclinicx Ilicrc .Iic vcry l'cw ciiiidi»
dzilcs l'iii kL'Illllll SA. pmiiiinix ill llic
rim of ii ccilinn Quad, llicic may he on
cundnlrilc iiininng for Mini iirc silppiiscd
lo hc lwu souls (one liir him, and one for
his books). ()i for ('Iiiss ofﬁcers. llicic
lllily he only one cundidzilc running for
cciluni [)(lhllltlllh, or one Cillldltlillc trying
loi it“ four. And llicn llicrc's Aluninl
lioiiid ~ I lhiiik llic only people who
know Wllill Alumni Board is are running
for il. It's nicc lhiil people care enough to
run. Sornclnncs candidates run logclhcr
on ii "Iciini." This is to make things CllSlCt
loi ilic volci. It also cuts down iniinco»
graph expenses.

And apathy among ol'f—caiiipus sludcnis
has dcclincd, hiisicully hcciiusc nioic illlli
inoic siudcnls uic inovnig off-cuiiipns,
'l'lic piohlcriis of drum living illth' liclpcd
icclil'y llic piohlcim ol‘ol'f—cainpus icpic
sciiliilion. Now if someone can ﬁnd some
problems In courilcr-iict lliosc dorin—llvuig
ones (or maybe theic arc loo lllillly of
llicni)..

Anyhow, ll sccins llllll there Is Always
\tllllcllllllg to either iuri for or to gcl
iippoinlcd to. And if one runs out of
things to run for, in: can always lry
graduating.

i 4 4

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

either or bothof the alleged fugitives did
reside temporarily or permanently in the
houses which were raided?

Slolhbox: My suspicions exactly.

Ruthless: Why did you raid the houses,
then? '

Shiehbox: Well, we knew the two were
in the State of Illinois, because after all
they were in Chicago the last time lsaw
'em, and they wouldn‘t cross state lines
because that would mean the federal
government could come after them.

Ruthless: But wasn’t the federal govern
ment already after them?

Sfashbox (annoyed): Of course we
were. But they weren't supposed to know
yet.

Ruthless: lsee,

Stnshbox: Now, we all know that dope
dealers hang out either in college towns
or else affluent suburbs. Now, since there
was a large university in Chicago, and
they left it, where else would they go but
ii suburb? (Approving nods from people
watching the trial.) And what suburb is
any more likely than Collinsville, where
they would think no one would suspect
them. But we suspect them! Matter of
fact, we suspect everybody.

Ruthless: Why did you come to choose
the houses you did for the raid?

Slashbox: They looked like houses hip-
pies would lch in.

Ruthless: What sort of houses do hip-
pics live in, Mr. Stashbox‘?

Staslibox: Either filthy college dormi~
tory rooms or bright clean suburban
houses. And it was the prototype of the
latter that we chose to look in! (Small
burst of applause from spectators).

Judge Urriconnian (Snrcaslically) And
just what does a “hippie” look like, Mr.
Stiishbox'.’ Slashbox (matter of-fnclly):
Oh, somewhere between five-footthrce
and six-foot-four, brown or blond hair,
between 16 and 25 or so, quite often
wearing wire-rimmed glasses, and usually
left of center politically.

Judge: Thank you.

Ruthless: Yes, Mr. Stiishbox. Now,
what (lid you do once you were inside the
houses?

Slaslibox Well, ﬁrst we made obscene
remarks to any women in the house.

Rulhless: And why was that?

Slushbnx: To break down their resis-
tance so that they‘d confess.

Ruthless: l see. What did you do next?

Slashbox' Well, then we usually
threatened the man of the house if he
didn't confess, and then we started to
throw the furniture around, broke the
tclcvisinn set, all to $09 if there was
anything hidden, yii sec, and then wc act
the bonfire

Ruthless What lionfirc‘,’

Slushbru’ Why, we burnt-d fill the
books, of course.

Judge. Of coursc

Rulhlr’ss. And then what, Mr Slilsll'
box“

Sills/lf’tlx Why, thcii we rcrid the
charges against them. Whiit clsc could we
do? And then somethin' really strange
liaippcncd. Both times, we saw thc two
fugitives weren't there. It was just ii
simpli- ciisc of misliikI-ii idi-ritity, that's
iill.

Ifullilcss One last question, How did
you explain things to thi- fiimilics when
you found out you had thc wrong pco-
plc‘.’

Slashlmx We just told thcni they better
watch their step, and that we wouldn't he
so easy (in them next time around.

Ruthless: The people rest, Your Honor
Defense Allurney: The defense rests
.ludgc [)raconian Well, ladies and
gentlemen of the jury, it is now your tiisk
to ﬁgure out whzit to do with this
scriundrel. Please retire to the jury room.

l"ive minutes latcr, the jury reports that
it has found the defendants gudty as
charged The judgi- asks ciicli defendant in
turn if they hich iiiiything to say The
first thrcc don't, bul when Sliislilms i.»

called he walks over to tlicjury lmx

“l'll remember this, l'Vl‘l‘y uni- of you
Just wait till l got out 7 you'll ll“ be in jilll
for longer than I've known you Rcmcm
her, when it's tlic Bureau of Decadent
Drugs you're in trouble with, innocence is
no defense," he quipped with il lwlllklt‘ In
his eye.

PAGE FIF TEEN

 

