 

 

 

 

 

A store owner in a small town in New
York was arrested recently for the crime
of selling goods on- Sunday. He had been
operating his store on Sundays for the
last 15 years and nothing like this had
ever happened before. It seems people
had phoned the police to complain about
this "criminal" behavior, and the police
responded.

In assorted places across the state simi-
lar occurrences have been taking place.
Suddenly the blue laws, which few take
seriously. were being enforced. Police in
civilian clothing would buy some Item
not permitted by the law for sale on the
Sabbath and then demand that the store
close. If the merchant refuses to comply,
all the merchandise in the store can be
conﬁscated.

I wonder what goes on in the narrow
little heads of the people who have
nothing better to do than complain to the
police about someone selling nylon
stockings on Sunday. What kind of Nean-
derthal mentality motivates this lunacy?
What kind of irrational, perverted expla-
nation could even be offered by the
defenders of such laws? And what harm
befalls them if the stores are allowed to
remain open‘.’

If a bolt of lightning should descend
from heaven and strike down the store
owner and his customer for his crime

 

against Christianity, what skin comes off
the other fellow's back? No one is being
forced to buy.goods on Sunday, so what
is the complaint?

It seems there are a couple of motives
involved. One is the missionary impulse.
Just as there are people who deem it their
duty to go into jungles and show the
savages the light and the path to salva-
tion, we have zealots right here at home
who feel it their duty to impose their
religious beliefs and their own set of

Our Puritan
Tradition

by Douglas Le Comte

 

superstitions upon those who are not
fortunate enough to share in their par-
ticular brand of mysticism. So those who
sell and buy on Sunday are sinners who
must be savod from the devil.

Another motive of these do-gooders is
easier to understand if we accept the idea
that these are the same people who sneak
around secluded beaches with binoculars
in search of nudity--then call the police
and have the swimmers arrested for in»
decency. These are the people who think
that someone caught smoking a joint
should be sent to jail and that sex is
something that should be sanctioned by
the church and state before it is per-

Nixon Administration

by Robert Flienow

John Connally, renegade oil speculator
and now the fair haired boy of the White
House has bluntly announced that,
“Rising productivity ought to take prece-
dcnce over lowering pollution,"

This has been the iindcviatiug l'rl‘l'd of
thc Nixon administration: to bow to thc
profil that can be made out of defiling
our air and waters and degrading our
landscape and resources. It is this costly
lesson that Nixon has taught us. Men and
corporations havu fortunes to gain from
their cnvironmcntal iransgri'ssions.

The massive vcslcd inlcrcsl in pollution
is a vested iiitcrcsl in thc coniiniicd
destruction of our surroundings. It pays
off phenomenally today for lhe factory
to spill lhi- gook into the river; ii is
profitable In private pockcls nol to ['1‘
claim strip-nailed land.

Remember this fact and you begin lii
\‘l‘i' why a Wlllli‘ Ilousc whosc door is
guarded by the millionaire Paul Flanagan
and which is l'rcquientcd by tho likes of
MarUice Stuns and ltogcrs Morlon,meaiis
so much to thc polluters. Wliy, indeed,
the major industrial polluters of lllt'
country arc organized as ii iifi man
National Industrial Pollution (,‘oiiiicil lo
scrvc Wllh Nixon as a M'Crl'l cabal in
defense of ihi-ir polluling priVili-gi-s

So [he ciiVironmi-nlal issiic politically
rcsls not on the pri-Ily words in IlliIBVISI'LI
presidential mcssagl-x, but on the charac-
li-r of Ihc ri-gimc If, like in IIH’ prcscnl
Ailminisiralion, it Is (lominiiii-il liy spccuil
iiili-rcsls, II lhc loudest volci-s arc tliosc of
oil, of clicmicals, of (ll-ti-rgcnis, of sti-i-l,
of rlcvclopurs, of mining Inll'rl'ﬁls, of all
llii- assorlmi-nlof hl‘ll'si'erllg prcdiilors,
lhi-n il Is also by iii-sign anli
l'nVIl'ln'lmL'nIill, and find nil-ans illlll
pciiplc

Actually, Ilig Daddy is nol ihi- l'l'ill
champion of clean air, good wnlcr, ii
charming countryside, of population con
lrol of niilioiilil or cvcii global surVIval III'
In Ill" ‘Il'rVIlt‘ iigl'nl (if uxploiliilioii, of
I'Xlll‘flll‘lll'y, of I‘I‘llllltlllll'h, of rclciitli-ss
growlli, Without mind or future 'I'hi-ri- lh,
:is lhi: Indi-pcndcnl I‘lii Iii-iii Kappa I‘ill
Vimnini-nliil Study (iroup undcrsliitcdly
points out, “
and the reality!"

l‘onsidur pollulioii of llii- wail-rs 'I'hi-
fth'l’h are worn fillhy and toxic cvcry
yl'i’tf Many of [lift 12,000 i-hciniciilr um-d
by industry are full right iiilo our hlrt‘ltnlh
Yi-i llIi‘ record of tho Ailniuiuilriiliun In ii
pililul .'."/ lll'flllllh' tiikcii iigiiiniil pol
IIJIl'fh, [0,000 more go their marry way
dumping as [buy will' JUhlllH! Departinan
iiiiiirni'ys h.in lici-ii instrucli-d to clear
“wry major walier pollulioii hIIII. Illllfl llii'
Wliili‘ Iloiwr lit-Iori- filing II

it gap Iii-lwci-n tlii- rhi-loric

PAGE ’I‘EN

That puts a real brake on activity! But
ll. lurcs out campaign contributions from
the favored...$10,000,000 secret dollars
of thcm~-just as a starter.

Nixon toppcd off all thc frantic admini-
strative lobbying against water pollution
hills with an outright vein of the Clean
Wiilcr Act of 1972. Congress, by st yiiig
In scssion, (ll‘l‘lflVPfl him of a sneaky
[)lll'kl'l Vi-lo, and made him come out and
show his true colors.

The Administration is involved in a rcal
hasslc over the water issuc. In one of thc
cruilcsl flip-flops on Ilic dctcrgcnt (IUK'S'
lion, llii~ Surgeon General, despite lhc
incoiitrovortildc condemnation of phos-
phiili- 'I‘hi- ruling ignored the l“l'fll'l'ill
Drug Adminislratioii's conclusion that
many nonphosplialc detergents arc. fi-
just as many phosphiilc dcti-rgcnts arc
hazardous. Could it be that Brycc
llilrlUW, the I’rcsidcnl's chicl' lobbyist,
who was. incidentally.l‘ormcrly with Prov»
[or and Gamble, was pi'iii'licing his
Madison Avonuv techniques on the
Surgeon (ii-ncral'.’

 

 

’l‘hcn Nixon's cabincl member Elliot!
Richardson fought the (Ilean Air Acl of
l‘J70 and lrii-d lo i-stalilish crippling
amcndniculs lhiil would rcndi-r it hai'in-
less Bul lhc Acl, pushed by public
indignation, passcd. And who llli'l‘l look
the crcdit for it'.’ Nixon, who actually
('IllllWI‘ll its author, Senator Muskic, out
of lhc linicliglil of the signing ci-rcnioiiics
[But when thi- lights hail faded oul and
llll' Iiuzziihs dii-d, oiil l‘illlll' lhi- sharp
knife in col away half of lhe appropri
iilliiii no ti-IcVIsiim horn, of ciilirsi- J

Syniliolically and tragically lhi- Alaskan
pipi-liiii- Iiiisllii- blessing of llll' Nixon
Adminislrulion Scci-cliiry Miirliiii has I‘c
li-nlli-ssly ilonc all in his power lulltl
iiioi'i-i to push this 300 iiiili- |l||ll‘I|ll1'iIlI(l
Illl' tundra di-slrui'lion Iliiil gii ivilli it
For llIl' priifils iil' llii- iiiI conipanii's
Nixon would iii-slriiy for all limc this
I'riigili' lunilrii, llii- hillllllill lishi-rii-s of iii-w
sparkling l’l\‘l'l‘h. Iii- would ji-opardizi- llic
caribou migrations upon which Ilii-
iiiiliw-s ili-pi-iid for food III‘ In in ii hurry
lo lll‘hpinl lhiil Iiisl fair Iandsciipi- lll't‘illlhl'
Illt' oil companics arc in it hurry So son-
an- llii- oil inli-ri'sts of lhe I'iivnralili-
action of lhcir fricnil in the White House
that they lllVl‘hII'fI millions lll four fool
diiiiiii-li-r pipcs iind piIi-il llii-in up on tho
rilltll' llii-y lizch l'lllnyl'll 'l'lii' l)|lIIll()/.I'l'.\
itWiIll llii- whisllc in ii long iiicnai'ing Inn-
This is yoiii land and mine lliiil llii-y arc
I‘Xllflipflilllllg

WUTM', than lllill, ii hazardous si-a run of
luiikI-ri. from l’oi’l lliildi-I. lii Ilu- Wi-sli-r
ports (and .l.ip;ini Will llt‘hlllll’t'll tlic
Iii-:ii-liiis unil 1'5lllllllt'h of (hiiiiidii and the.
llnili-il Hiatus, It is projoi'tcd that Jitlll
spills a yciir Will Iiiil'oul thiil I'llllrt‘ l'nlllil
Willi IIH' pipi'lIiii- iui'kli-nsly i'oiislruclcd

 
 
  

mitted. The main reason for invoking
such lawa based on puritsn concepts is
quite simply envy..H.L. Mencken said it
all when he stated that puritanism is "the
haunting fear that someone, somewhere,
may be having a good time.“ This fear has
helped keep the archaic laws on the
books so long, even in the supposedly
enlightened age of today.

People motivated by envy and pos-
sessing the zeal of a missionary can be
very dangerous because of the existence
of these laws, but such people are by no
means limited mostly to old spinsters in
rocking chairs. Many see the wealth accu-
mulated by successful industrialists, for
instance, and couch their desire to expro-
priate it in lofty sounding altruistic
slogans and philosophies concerned with
redistributing the wealth and helping ease
poverty.

The laws of our government are, in fact
being used to steal (the government uses
the word “tax") the fruits of labor from
those who produce in order to give to
those who do not produce. The graduated
income tax, for instance, can have the
effect of punishing those who are most
productive and successful. The same
holds true for the anti-trust laws.

Egalitarianism, in today's sense meaning
“every person is equal and should there
fore possess equal wealth and status", is
similar to puritanism both are grounded
in the belief that succoss and happiness

Bows to Poll

over eight earthquake faults and a break
statistically certain _ no Administration
with an ecological conscience could
champion such an abominable undcr~
taking.

The indictment of the Nixon Admini-
stration is a crowded list of charges The
Amchitka blast was calloust pushed at a
cost of 500 to 800 rarc sea ottcrs,
quantities of almost extincc American
eagles, and a future catastrophic release
of radioactivity.

The Administration has officially on-
couraged the strip miners to “Think Big“
as they project a mooiiscuping for
Wyoming and Montana. The Nixon strip
mining control bill is a phony.

’l‘hc lumber interests, although thi-
govurnmcnt liiid the power to slop them,
are toppling the grand rcdwoods right to
the borders of the puny Redwood
National Park. Now there is small chance
of ever extending its fragmented bound
aries. 'l'Iic vindictive logging has suc-
cccdi-d with the connivance of govern
mental officialdom.

'l‘lic lumber intcrcsts are now all powcr
ful. It took a supreme effort by lhc
combined conservation groups of thc

country to kill tlii- infamous 'l‘inihi-r
Supply Act of lil7| which would have
iipciii'il Illl‘ iiiilloliul I'orcsls Iii disaalriiiia
iiVi-rculling iindcr niaiidiitc lo increasi-
llll' liiiilii-i' Iiiirvciil by (50% Ycl, Wllll illl
.irrogiiiil diarcgiird of popular iiiiiiidiili-
and uiidcr llll' pri-ssurcs of the lunilici
llll‘ll Nixon did by decree wliiil IIIN cinis
siirics hail fnili-d Io gcl Congress to do

In frustratcd irc, llll iiltcmpl by lhi-
I‘tnlﬁl'l‘VilIllllllhla was made to hold ol‘l
With ii iiiiw I'Xl'l‘ltllvl' ordcr llll‘ ciilii
HIlleIlIL' culling until ii IH'W survey of
wilduriiimii could IlI‘ niiidc The order Wila
drafted, it was probably used to sllllt'I'IA‘
Inorii contributions out of the lumbar
mun.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

can be an unpardonable sin if someone
else has it, especially if he dues not share
it. H.L. Mencken, once again, expressed
the idea when he said that the only
argument for democracy is “that it is ii
crime for any man to hold himself out as
better than other men, 'and, above all, a
most heinous offense for him to prove
it." Written some 53 years ago, it seems
more applicable .today than ever before.

*>r*

Sick and Tired

conilnuea from page 9. column 2

.Yes 1 will always remember the
S.U.N.Y.A. infirmary. Some of my fond-
est memories of this school live in the
Student Health Center. Why, even now, I
can hear dear Dr. Bullhorn gently croon-
ing a ditty of my childhood, one busy
Wart Day:

"OOOOH I am Doctor Ironbeard

Twilly willy wit boom boom

I'll cure your ills with healing art

Twilly willy wil boom boom

Now, I can leach lhe dumb lowth

Twilly willy wit boom boom boom

The lame to see, the blind to lullr

Tiuilly willy wit boom boom

Sing lorcay sing loreuy

Twilly willy wil boom boom boom
4: s *

ution Profit

In the end, after the President had
played both sides with thoroughly un-
principled promises, the timber interests
won again. The executch order to hold
up the cutting was shoved, unsigned, into
a lower desk drawer and forgotten. The
result will be the mutilation of most of
the remaining more rcmolc Wll(ll'rlli'hn
beauty spots of thc national forests il
Nixon is elected. The primc lumbcr 7
billion board feet of it per yt'llr-‘Wlll go to
Japan. The heritage of future generations
will be gone forever, “Progress,"i,hcy say.
toward What?

There is no St'llSllIVlly in lhis Admini-
stration. Viciously, its own official
poinllni‘l‘s in a singlc ycai' i-xicriniiiaii-il
90,000 coyotes, 300 rarc mountain lions,
21,000 bobcats and lynx, 2,800 i'i-d
wolvcs, H00 hears, 21,000 foxns, and
52,100 smaller animals Finally. aflcr
this slaughter had been going on for mosl
of the term, the poison, I080, was
banned for use on public lands. A lot of
good propaganda mlll‘llﬂi‘ was cxtraclcd
from this gesture People oven wron-
ll'lli‘rs of congralulation to thc President
They should hich known.

'I‘hc army of poisoncrs of the Fish &
Wildlife Service was not disbanded. ’I‘hcy
wcri- soon sccn With stryclininc soiling
llicir dcadly bait for pi'airii- dogs. What is
morc, llll' funds Wcrc lriinsl'ci'rcd to aid
llic Slalcs lo goon Willi llic carnagc. ()nc
can only poiidcr Willi sadiicss on tho
jiowcr of the grazing iiilci‘csts in llic
piililical calculalions of this Administra-
lion

II is always thus W“, as a pi-oplc, must
in si-Il'dcl'cnsi- l'lll oiii'scIVI-s of llll'
pollyiiiinisli iiiilioii lliiil “i-vcryoiii- liiiliis ii
pollulcr” ltcpuliliciin purl) lri-asurcrs
don't And llui calculating lypc of piilili
i'nin docsii'l.

What is more, no warnioiigcr can
possibly Ix‘i'ulalimui-il as an oiiViroii
inciiliilisi 'l‘lii- militaryindiislriiil com
pli-x Iii-cps llii- munilions production
huiiiiiiiiig and ll.\ oull'alls sching and Ils
slacks Iii-lcliing Will‘ not only ilcviisliilcs
llii- biillli-l'ii-Id oulriigi-oiisly liiil dcsli'oys
llic hind tlial houses Iln- arsi-iial War
production dcl'ili-s lhi- .iii and \Villl‘l, II
siiiiiigli-s lIii- i-ni-rgy supply, il gulps llii-
dwnidling ll'hlllll'l‘t‘h.

wl' l'illllllll hlI-‘Ilillll 'llll t'llVll‘UllIlll‘Ill
lllllll'l' lIic Iciidcrahip of .i man of war who
In iiIri-iidy liiiiliiig iil “brush wars of llll'
I'ulurii,” lllltl who in so pri-sm-d by Illl'
captains of si-ll'pi'ol'iliiig industry Four
nun-v years of suln-i‘i'ailling, four mori'
yi-iiis iif llllh blending of our lilllfl Ilii-si‘.
ilh .i Vlilllll' Ililllllll, \vc caiinol sliiliil

(Iiiilii'rl Ifll'lltlll’ is Il Pro/exam ii/'
I'iililiciil Hl‘ll‘lli Ii lii'i‘i' [/0 is unllior n]
[he fJi'o'fhl‘fll'l', Moniciil Ill lhi- h'un )

t 0 t

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1973

 

 

 

 

 

Letters to

Curb Your Student

To the editor,

Reading the outcome of the University
Senate meeting of February 5 points out
quite a few things to me. The entire
structure of this university is one that
promotes general disregard of the student
as a human being. The total lack of
consideration for the privacy, wishes, and
consideration of the student is nothing
less than insulting and tasteless on the
part of the administration. The vetoing of
the Hirsch Anti-Search Bill shows the
insignificance of peoples’ rights on this
campus. Besides the fact that the right or
not having to suffer through a haphazard
scarCh is being denied by the administra-
tion, the often noted cases of damage
done to the personal pos. ~ions of the
students is appalling.

 

The further fact that residents pay
approximately $70.00 a month for half a
room (cubicle) and anywhere for 1/4 in
l/I‘Z of ii bathroom and suffer such insult
is no less than infuriating.

As for Dean Brown's understanding of
student grievances, he does not have to go
through random searches at thc whim of
the administration. if he had his home
entered into without warning whili- lll‘
wasn't there, his understanding would Iii-
ii bit deeper.

’l‘hi- hlantant disregard of student con
i'l'l’llli iif latc spread into olhcr areas loo.
'l'hc firing of Ms. Tana Lcc Itcbhan as bus
driver for SUNYA shows the adminisliu
lion's drivo to remove consideralc, i-l'fi
cicnt staff and strengthen the I)lll‘(‘.ill
cracy's policy of boorishnr-ss. WllI‘ll \vdl
[his nonscnsu stop'.’ When will lhc sliiiii Ill
stop being treated likc a dog in a ki-iiui-I'
ll third ratc object? an inferior living"

Should the administration of SI'NYA
cvcr decide to change their ways. I mu
promise an active, expanding world oi
5l.Utllfllt'l‘ilCUILY'ildmllllhlrillIllli i'oopi-m
lion which would bcncfil us iill.

Sincerely,
5. Lawrence Pinto

Rowley Powley

To the editor,

Your article, “Curt Smith. A ‘diVisivc
force,"’ on Feb. 13, may Iiich lll’l‘ll good
propaganda for the cause of Curt Smith,
which is ii good cause, but it diminishvil
the credibility of the ASP, also ii good
cause. Why didn‘t you check out the
story with Donald Stauffcr, action chair
man of the English Dopatmciil, from
whom you quoted one phrase and whosc
vii-ws you spcculuted on slurrnigly an
advocating a "harmonious fellowship ol
gl‘llth’mt'Il'NI'llUIllrs"‘3 Why didn'l you I'll]!
[his story as an I'(lII.l)rIlll or an opllilon
pivcc - afli'r running it siriiiglil III‘Wb
story"

William E. Rowley
English Doparlincnl

A Live McGuire

Ihi pagc si-vcii of thi- l"t‘l)l'|li|ly li Inhllt' ol
1"" ASI’ there appears it |l.lll‘ of lll'lllh
which I fccl are l’l'Dl'l'M‘llIilllVI' ol lwo
Wldcly licld vicws pi-i'laiiiiiig in tin-
on campus living HIIIliIlIUll 'I‘hi- ci-ilii'iilly
Hldigniint letter to [he cililiir by John J
p‘WliH is typical of the Ill'gllllvt‘, (Il'
striictive attitude towards the I'L'h'ltll‘llt'l'
llr"lﬂ'llm which is hold by sonn- hllllll‘lllh,
wliilc Mike McGuirt-‘s refreshingly

 

the Editor

amusing and yet poignant article
demonstrates a much more positive, con-
structive viewpoint.

Mr. Pavlis’ solution to housing hassles is,
in short, to move off-campus. This reac~
tion to dormitory living is, at best, a
cop-out. Such a solution indicates the
paucity of imagination, enthusiasm, and
interest, accompanied by a plethora of
complaian and negative attitudes, which
typifies those who are Mr. Pavlis‘ opin-
ions.

On the othcr hand, Mr. McGuire‘s art-
icle subtly and effectively explores some
of the difficulties which confronl. stu-
dents, R.A.’s, and dorm directors. Unlike
Mr. Pzivlis, Mr. McGuire can approach the
living situation with a sense of humor.
And unlike Mr. Pavlis, Mr. McGuire is
willing to do something lliiit may im-
prove Ihc quality of (in-campus life.

Although I ilo not know Mr. McGuire
pcrsonally, I am aware of ilic fact that he
helped lo propose a bill which was
introduced at the February ll s...ion of
(icntral (foiincil, and which will be dis-
i'uswd in subsequent mcctings. The bill
calls for an opinion poll to measure
sliiilvnl l‘l‘ilt‘liUl’l to curran dormitory
policil's, such as unannounced searches
and inspections. The results of the survey
could providi‘ the impetus for some
meaningful changes in housing contracts.

1 would like to congratulate Mr.
iVIi-(hiircand thank him for his highly
i-njiiyalilc iirliclc, plus his cl'forts on
behalf of A Itl'llt'l' resulcnw program, The
fiilui'c of dormitory life bus in lhc hands
of such imaginativv, involvi-d individuals.

Christopher Oberle

 

'

His and Hirsch

To the editor,

.l.i_\ llilhlllllxlll'h sloi‘)‘ in lasl Friday's
.\.\‘l' l‘rl'dll‘fl .iii iniicciiriili- pii‘lurc of lhe
l“<-Ii Ti Si-iiiili- min-ling, First, [he hill
Illll‘llfllll't‘d by Wayne Il.i|pi-r and myself
would no! "prohibit .uiil i'iuuli-iiin iill
si-iii'clii-s illlll inspi-cliiins." {to [ho slory
l‘IillIlll‘ll ll would place l'lfSllH'illlllh upon
lllt‘lll lo jll'tllt'l‘l. llic sludi'nls' righls. No
si-nrch or |ll\[ll'l‘ll()ll would be authorized
iiiili-ss I|‘.lhllllill)ll' ('Mllsl’ l'KlSll‘d lo l)l'lll‘\'l'
dial a \|)l'('|lli' illegal item was jlrl'M‘lll in a
particular room. Al linisl oiii- pi-rson
iii'('llp_\lllt{ ih.i| room would have In In-
pi'cscnl .il lllt' limi- II was curricd oiil, and
die .inlhiiriiii-s would haw- lii nolil'y lhis
\lllll('lll ii: In tho llltjl‘l‘l of tho si-iircli
iiiiiiii-ili.ili-|\ Iii-fon- Illl‘\' i-nIi-rcd.

 

\‘i i- ri-i-ogiiizc llii- University's nr
sponSihiIily for M't‘lllg that hazardous
lll'llh inc ki-pl out of the iliirmilorics, and
for [his l'l‘ilntlll iigrcc lhal ii unilaLi-ral halt
in Illhjlt't‘lltillu Would he iniprnclical. ()iir
bill would pmmil lhc iiniVi-rsny lo fulfill
Il‘s legal oliligiilioiis I‘lll Would safeguard
lhi- rlulll\ lll llii- sliidi-iils.

AIM), llii- lilll was run di'l'calcil, as the
ASI’ iiiiplii-d, 'I‘hi- Si-nalc volcd about
(it) 11 lo \I'IHI il to the Studi-nis Affairs
('oiini-il, wdh .‘iciiators llnlpur, Slokcni,
lliiniilion, and myself voliiig With thi-
inajorily Wi- .iIl realized that the Iiill was
iiiipcrl’ccl in. iiiiriiduci-d (it failed to
ai'coiiiil for t‘llll‘l‘gl‘lll'lt‘a, for instance)
and [hail no ill‘IIlHl woiilil bc appropriati-
iiiilil Wc hail iichsligiiIi-d bolh Llic Inll
.iiiil llll' t'llll'l‘lll inspi-i-lioiis policy. As I
cxpluiiicil win-n Illll‘l'VIt'Wl‘ll Iiy Ah'l’ rc
poiii-i lloli .\l.iycr, die bill was not
iixpmli-il Io puss ill iliis lllt‘l‘llllg. It's
Illlljlll‘il‘ nan Io liriiig slnili-iil indigiinlion

li\l'l iii-poi lIUII.\ l'l llii- iillciilioii of [In-
M Il.il|' Ilii- \' \l‘ illllI IlII' .\lIIlllI||.\lI'ilIltIll.
lii Ilii~ nay, il nus ili-liiiilcly 5i|ll'l"‘.\\lul.

.\llliiiiigli II is iiiiloiluiiiiti- llial llr.
Il.llll|IIHI| -» motion was Ilcfczilcd, llii-
insiii- Il‘vl'll I» I‘m Iriiiii ilciid llic SAI'
I'lllllllllllt‘l‘ illl l't‘hlfll'lu‘l‘h I'UIISIIll‘I‘I'Kl II (1”
Wednesday and Will l't‘plll'l its findings to
lhc ('ouiii'il at its iii-xi nici'ling.

lli'sidcs lllt‘ factual i-i'i'iirs, Mr, lliisliiiiiill
ilid iIII iniuslii'i- lo lli-aii llrown In saying
lIiiil “lii- dci-nicd ll nuccssary to have
llii-sc fiii'i'i-il unilali-riil searches. l'hc. bias
Ill [his slailcnii-nt I5 i-Vidciit cvcii to tliso
of us who opposed the I)ciin's position.

I"iii-tlii-riiiori-, Llii- "cal-call" from a nunv

at u iliinl Hi-iialor urging us to hire lawyers

 

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1973

was not indicative of anything. It was a
joke, albeit a poor one. (In fairness to Mr,
Hashmall, many of us did think the
remark was serious at first.)

In other action it was erroneously re-
ported that the Senate referred Bill 36,
“Policy on Grading." to the Under-
graduate Academic Council. The Senate
passed this bill several months ago. It was
the UAC‘s proposed revisions of Bill 36
which were returned to the Council.

I'm happy to see the ASP taking an
interest in the Senate and am grateful for
its apparent support in the dormitory
inspections dispute, but I wish it would
be more careful. This kind of sloppy
reporting confuses the issues and does
little good for anybody.

David Hirsch
4{ i: *

  

Cheerleader's
Last Stand

To the editor,

I wish to l’Xpl’L‘SS my disappointment
and embarrassment for the behavior that
our chccrll'ailcrs displayed at the round
Sicna basketball game.

Doc lo lack of proper scaling in the
Washington Strch Armory many students
wcrc forccd to sit on the floor, in some
si-i'tions six [)L‘Uplt' deep.

As llic game began our Cheerleaders
came out and stood on the sideline not
only blocking the view of those of us on
the floor but also those in the first few
rown of the stands.

To the request of a Sienii official that
Albany State fans and thc SUNYA
Coaching staff sil down and cheer, thi-
girls responded in a rude, nasty and
downright vulgar maiincr claiming that
they, “won’t sit down because we AI.
WAYS stand!“ The filial result of a long
discussion resulted in some of Lhc girls
kiiccling, which still blocked the view of
the fans on the floor and the rest refusing
lo knch or sit and remained standing.

I can‘t help but question lhi‘ wholi-
purposi- of having cheerleaders al'tcr this
cvciit. Arc lhcy Ihcrc to create spiril
among the Albany fans or give cycryouc a
hard time" Is this proper manner for
pcoplc to acl who rcprcscnt the school"
ls rudcncss‘ and inconsideration iif othch
a trait ncccs‘ary in being a chccrlcadcr'.’ l
don'l think so. In my opinion, thcy arc
selfish, stubborn and outright ignorant,

In conclusion, I would jusl like to thank
the Albany cheerleaders for making the
game so enjoyable for those who sat
bchind them, and paid $I.50 to not be
able to sue the game.

A loyal Albany Basketball Fan

 

   
   
 
   
  
 

Communications should be lype-

wrillen and .iddiessed lo:

Ltlliulldl Page Edlliil

Allliilly ‘sliidotil Plu‘is
Campus Lunloi I30, SUNYA
Alliilliy New Vii-h, 11’1'22

Unless lheie .iie extenuating cu-

iiiinsliini cs, .ill lL‘lllfl‘) must be signed

 

  

Hoodwinked Again!

To the editor,

You still iiidiciilc ((imid Nciiis for b'ii'li'
l‘i'oplc, l"i'li. lllli) that you, like a lot of
others, do iiol understand the dcfiiiitioii
of an illlllllllllllCL‘ schicc. This is why I
IlllVl‘ persistently objected to the use of
the word. At the same time you do
demonstrate some recognition of our true
need, which is for routine transportation
of ill and injured students.

J. Hood M.D.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

That's Amazerlngl

To the editor,

Regarding the recent job action by the
Resident Assistants on Alumni and Indian
Quads, I would like to bring the following
to the attention of the Director of Resi-
dences, and all others who responded to
the requests of the RA’s with such "open
minds."

On Saturday night, February 10th, only
two days after the RA's were forced to
return to their jobs or be subject to
“possibility of a loss of room waiver for
the period of job action and/or notificav

tion to appropriate Quadrangle Resident
Assistant Selection Committee ii' the
Resident Assistant is applying to be re~
hired for the next academic year," a real
fire alarm went off in Waterbury Hall on
Alumni Quad. For some unknown reason,
the Albany Fire Department’s alarm
system was not reset after the last false
alarm, so that when the alarm went off in
lhe dorm. the signal was not receivad at
the firehouse.

After realizing lliat the fire department
was not responding, a few of Alumni
Quad's RA's, who at this time should
have been bitter about the results of their
job action, and only willing to do the
bare minimum required of their job, took
it upon themselves to try to put out the
fire, This was no small fire, as it gutted
one room, and filled up the whole corri-
dor with smokc. So. facing such dangers
as smokc inhalation and burns, lhl‘ llA's
extinguished thc fll‘L‘.

I think that this lh'lllll'l should not go
unnoticed, and when lhe RA‘s ask for
treatment equal to llizit of others in the
SUNY system, it should be kept ii "iind
that they sure do some things "ovor and
above the call of duty."

Bruce Mazcr

It's a Puzzlement

To the editor,

This Icltcr conccrn's last weck's letter
puzzle, which is the new added attraction
to the ASP’s Friday cntcrtuinmcnt sec-
tion. Within ii maze of 336 letters, the
producer of this game has hidden the
names of the lib" Presidents of the United
States; it is frustrating enjoyment for the
reader to seek them out.

Everything went smoothly until lcamc
across Washington, which was erron-
i-ously spelled WASHINGTAN. Not only
is this an insull to yourself (the editor of
this game), but think of the injustice
done to the Father of our Country.

To make my complaint more person-
iiblc, lct‘s deal with the editor of this
puzzle, Steven Alan Bcrch. When you
graduati- Steven, 1 don't think you'll
appreciate it if on your diploma your first
namc is spelled “S'l‘l‘lVEY.” It is Iicfilliiig
iif a six year old, but not of it college
graduatc. What if insicad they spelled
your middle name “Oliin” instead of
Alan. Now let's l)t' rcidistic. No one waan
his initials to bc 80B,

So, iii the future, let‘s be more can-fill.
If you spelled "Nixon" incorrectly. I
wouldn’t mind...oncc a mistake always a
mistake. But please think of George's
wd'c Martha. To her, the correct spelling
of her belovod husband is of paramount
importance.

Ken Neuhauser

PAGE ELEVEN

IIFM“? '—

w't'l

   

 

