Harriers host Colgate tomorrow afternoon 1

Ever ‘4‘ as
ia vat iii ‘

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1973

Beat New Paltz

bl. Kenneth Arduino

With Saturday's big match
against Colgate on their minds
the Harriers went out and
whipped their weak SUNY
sister. New Paltz. in a cross--
country meet Wednesday.

Leading the Albany charge
were Bill Sorel and Jim Shrader.
Albany placed the first four
men ahead of the awfully weak
New Paltz team.

Also having a good meet to-
day were Vinnie Reda who
finished third and John Koch
who finished fourth.

Jim Shrader and Vinnie
Reda looked impressive as they
try to get ready for the touch
Colgate meet. Carlo
Cherubino. Nick DeMarco.
Chris Burns and Herb Waisan
did not run.

No one was really worried
about New Paltz as they are
really no competition for a
team like Albany. In fact they
httrt Albany more by clicapen-
ing the schedule. The cross
country team plays some rough
schools but schools like
Plattsburgh. who Albany shut
out and New I’alt'l. does not
enhance the schedule.

it one of the biggest meets of the season.

Booters Bomb New Paltz

by Nathan Salant

Perhaps it was the shifting of
players, or maybe it was the bad
press; perhaps it was Coach
Scheiffelin's exhortations, or
perhaps the team decided ﬁnally to
play soccer but whatever it was. the
booters put it all together Wednes-
day, and whipped host New Paltz.
8-2. The game was reminiscent of
the type of play the booters had
demonstrated during the pre-
season exhibition games, with
good strong defense and a balanc-
ed offense combining for a convin-
cing Dane win.

The game was actually decided
within a three minute span, when.
early in the first half. Martina.
Bedford. and Rolando all scored.
What followed was Dane Domina-
tion. and three more goals. one
each by Ruano. Louis, and Renda.
More important than the scoring
barrage was the impregnable
defense which shut the hosts otit
for the first half while permitting a
mere 5 shots on goal. The Danes
pounded out 26 shots on goal
(more than they have managed in
any single game this season, let
alone in one half).

The second half was more
balanced. as the hooters seemed to
relax with their wide margin.
Although New Paltz managed to
score twice, goals by Schligeland
Scheisel balanced the-scales. The
Danes sent another l3 shots on the
New Paltz net. while New Paltz
managed a mere seven. Dane

goalie Henry Obwald had another
relatively easy day. as he made the
few necessary saves, and could
have done nothing about the two
goals.

A very satisfied Coach
Scheiffelin had this to say about
the game: “It was a total team cf-
fort. The passwork was much
better than it has been this year.
and our play was too percent
better. They (New Paltz) made mis-
takes. and we took advantage of
them. Also, we made several player
shifts on the field itself which were
very effective."

Coach Scliefflin also emphasil—
ed that New Paltr. played a less
aggressive style game when com-
pared with Cortland or bredonia
slow ball control game and one
which the Danes are much
better at handling

Coach Scheiffelin cited the ex-
cellent play of John Rolando. and
with good reason. Rolando is
definitely the Mr. Hustle of the
soccer team-"he could run all day
ttnd not get tired.“ was the way
Coach Scheiffelin put it. Bob
Seblegel continued his fine play, as
he and veteran Mark Solano
anchored the defense with the help
of newcomer Leroy Aldrich.
Otfensively. Arthur Bedford show-
ed the first signs of the fir”. play
that has been expected of him. as
he tallied once and had three
assists.

This Saturday the Danes host
Oswego. and this is a team that the

Last year. Oneonta was number

- . "t. if . . .
bowel-S ShOUId‘ and mu“ b“ two in the nation. but this year,

they do. they will be over the .500 they have been having their

mark when Oneonta makes its an- ‘ v. ‘ ﬁ never

nual appearance here Wednesday. pmbl‘imsr “no: . You _
know in Fenway. 1 hings might be

Iootara entertain Oawego tomorrow at 2.‘

Last year Albany‘s
entire squad beat the first New
Paltz men across. Absent from
that meet were both Nick
DeMarco and Vinnie Reda.
Next year Plattsburgh will not
run Albany. Maybe Albany
should try to get some of the
tougher SUNY schools like
Brockport or Cortland. It
would improvetheir reputation
greatly.

But Saturday‘s meet versus
Colgate is no easy meet. This is
a very high class one with
Albany trying to revenge their
loss last year at Colgate. That
meet was away on a course that
is advantageous to tlfc home
team and Albany was soundly
beaten. Albany did not have it
good performance that day and
tried to revenge it at the In-
vitational. 'I hey missed by one
point ttnd were shut out of ti
medal.

M any members of this year‘s
team \\ ant to make tip for it btit
Colgate has it good team after
beating Cornell. lhe meet is
home this Saturday at 2:00 and
the team needs the support of
the crowd in this tough one.
The JV with super runner Rich
Lttngford takes on Colgate's JV
at home also this Saturday.

interesting. Hopefully
there may be some surprises,
but as Coach Scheiffelin says:
We‘ll play them one at a time.

/

 

 

 

 

 

SUNYA Police Report
Surge in Campus Crime

After tapering off for about a year, it
seems thatcampus crime here atSUNYA
is now back on the upswing. The latest
report just issued by the University Police
shows a 30% increase in all criminal
offenses this year over last. 622 criminal
offenses have been reported so far this
year. while the Silmc figure for last year
was 476. The total value ofstolen proper-
ty has been $624340. whilcthe valuation of
property stolen tip tintil September of
I972 was only 334.507. ttii increase of
sortie xl',

l he figures for last month seem to bear
otit this general year lorig trend with sortie
llo crimes reported to the POIICL‘ corti—
pared with 82 iii September of |972.
Iwcnty seven of these offenses \ycrc
felonies. and with the exception of five of
tltc offenses. all were property related
crimes. I‘Ulll' of the 18 burglaries
reported. interestingly. occurred at night
while the occupants were sleeping in their
rooms. presumably having left their
doors tinlockcd.

lhe police report also revealed that a
rntrssiwtickcting campaign is now tltl-
dci'way. with o\er' 5000 parking tickets
issued just last month. as compared with
otin 4 in September I972.

Police Director James Williams com—
mented on the latest statistics. saying that
the chances of getting “Ripped offaround
here are not that great.“ I'Ieclaims there is
a one in five chance that a student will be a
crime victim if he stays here for four full
years. I‘lglll‘CS compiled by the School of
Criminal Justice. however. give the
probability as one in two.

Williams said that sortie of the increase
may be attributed to more students repor-
ting crimcs that would normally not littvc
been reported. and that they may be
reporting tlielts ot smaller items than
before. He commented that “simple
minded people" often reach the conclu-
sion that “halt the students here are
criminals." and that. much of the ct iriie is
in tact committed by transients lionr the
surrounding area.

Adds the police director. “Vt e don‘t
want to co\cr these things tip. lto\\c\cr'."

l:\anitnirig all ot tIlclltllll‘cs so tar this
year. it appears that rcpoitcd crime in till
-.t lens is tip. especially lll htiiglaiy. grand

and pctit IrlICL'Il_\ and loitcrttig.

liclow 1S ll coiiipilatrori of selected
ligtii'es. llic Iii'st iiiiriihci IS tlic total
reported for |‘)72. tip irirtrl()ctohci'.wliilc
the second tittiithci is that same figure as
applied to l‘)7.l

Robbery. .l.7, Assault. 4.7; Sexual
Abuse. .12; Rtipc |.0. llrtrtassiiiciit. 7.5;
Mcrtacriig. |.0, Burglary. 4|.lifi. (iratid
Larceny 5.5.1. I’clit Larceny. 230.274;

Criminal Mischief. 63.78; Issuing Bad
Check. 0.2; False Incident Report. 39.49;
Criminal Trespass. 7.3.

Also. Leaving Scene of Accident.
l3.20; Loitering. [.7'. Possession of
Dangerous Drug. 3.l; Public Intoxica-
tion. l.2; Possession ofStolen Property.
2.2: Public Lewdness. 8.9.

Uni\ersity Police also reported that
two actual fires and six false alarms oc-
curred on campus last month. and that
305 non-criminal complaints were
reported which required dispatch of a car
to the scene. I‘IllilII). 54 safety liti/ards
“'L‘I'C reported to the Plant Department

for correction

 

FRIDAY, OCI'OBER I9. 1973

 

('umpus police. whose job it lsto maintain security...

i

and their boss Jim Williams

Campus More Aware, Benezet Says

Ed. Note: The following story is the first
part tifri four-part series concerningtlie mood
of the students on this campus. “It: series will
be presented each week in an attempt to give a
general overview of how students feel about
issues facing them. and whether. its people
suspect. the feeling ofttprtthy is prevalent lit-re.
Among others. the series will focus on the
political climate. social anti academic, and
how it manifests itself.

by Sue I.eboff

What is the political mood at Albany State‘.’
Mtlitant‘.’ Apathetic. as the cliche goes? ()r
somewhere Ill between these two extremes!

It is not easy to ascribe one political ttiood
to 15.000 full-time equivalent students, but
this reporter tried to discover a mood by talk—
ing with President Ileneret. Student Associa-
tion President Steve (ierber. representatives
ol various politically-orreiited groups and
committees on campus. and a number of ran—
dom students. What these people had tti say is
the subject of this series.

lltc word front the top is that despite the
rumored apathy. this campus has become
more politically aware lll recent years. Iliis is
President llcitc/ct‘sobsct‘\aliori. lit-attributes
lIll\ raised consciousness in part to the tri-
creased proportion of downstate students.
"\\'c were up III the sticks a cotiplc
ol \cai's ago politically." Ilc
lltItI\ that the growth ol such prolcssional
schools as the School ol Social Welfare. thc
triatlirate School of Public Atltrirs. and the
School of ('r'iiiiiiial .ltistrcc lia\c broken do“ II
the isolation ol the campus from merits in the
\lllltltllltllllg arcti (‘oiiintttnity Sci'\icc has
had the satiric cllcct

Home Backgrounds

When ttSLCtI if students Iran: a particular
political profile that separates thciii trorii IIlL'
nation as a whole. Ilene/ct said that yes. they
do Ilc said tltc American student‘s gciicial
political outlook reflects his age bracket.
Students are more interested tll human rusticc.
social welfare. and tend to he inipattcitt

Specific political ttlllltldCs tend to \ztry vr itli
tlic lioiitc backgrounds ol the students.
Agricultural and 'I ccliriical colleges wrll lend
to be either nori»politictrl or conservative. A
university tends to have more liberal students.
At a lugth selective lllll\t.'l'Slly strclt .is
SUNYA. students tend to more to the left

politically during their college years. While
students at this University are supposedly
\r)lllC\\IltlI prc~occupied with "stiff acadcriiic
r'eqtirrenieiils“ they are more politically iri-
\ol\ed than students at private schools.

('ontinuing. Bette/ct says that this universi—
ty is too new to have evolved “certain political
traditions.“ that is. modes of expressing itself.
As time goes on. the paper. the theatrical

' productions. and student organivations will

create these political traditions.

Students are dissatisfied with the Ad-
ministration. l)r. Benclet links this dis-
satisfaction to a larger disillusionment with
government processes itt general. and he says
tailtire ot the national government to level
with the nation has caused students to mistrust
every governing body.

Stcver (lerber. President of the Student

Association. says It is very hard to gauge stit-
dent opinion. He is hoping that the Political
and Social Positions Committee of thc Cen~
tialCouncilwiIIprtnideanaccurate picture of
student views by conducting surveys.

(ierber said that students prefer to work tit-
side legitimate channels. that is. the student
government. It is more frustrating but the
results are more rewarding. liut going outside
channels. and into the realm of petitions.
protests. and dramatization of issues is
justified if students feel they are morally right.
have tried to achieve results first through the
system. and still find they are not being listen-
ed to. (ierbergivcs as anextimpleof“resorting
to unusual action" the press conference he
called in order to publicize how campus police
were being armed with handguns.

Part II on Friday

MayoralCandidatesProﬁled...see pages 9.10.11

w

- w»; «a .rtwwnaoﬂw‘3w4“

 

