       

 

 
 

  
  

. _W_#MW.V_~. ~
“WW”... 5

‘m.._......_‘_......._.......... .  .,.

 

 

KALEIDOSCOPE, a multi-
media presentation of the music
from the Jesus Rock Musical,
Godspell, and various selections
from the Scriptures, will be pre-
sented by an area student com-

pany under the direction of
Father Gary Gelfenbein. Based
on the format of an ancient mo-
rality play or religious experi-
ence, in troupe of 10 singers,
slides and lighting, piano, organ.
lend and bass guitars. tambour-
ine and drums will color the joy-
ful message of the Good News of
God '5 saving love.
KALEIDOSCOPE will be pre-
sented at the Performing Arts
Center of SUNYA on Sunday
evening, March 4. at 8 p.m.

Kaleidoscope

There will be a donation of $1
to cover costs for the presenta-
tion. The event Is not planned as
a moneymaker. Tickets can be
purchased at the Performing
Arts Center.

While the company will take
care of most of the details, they
do ask that we provide some
people to make arrangements
with our Audio-visual Service for
the rental of some technical
equipment. We also need help to
blow up and make available hun-
dreds of balloons for use at the
end of the show. Also we would
like some volunteers to work on
a Wine & Cheese Party after-
wards. We feel that this is a
unique service that our Student
Parish can offer to the Universi-
ty Community.

  
 

   
   

 

WANTED:

Funded by Studenl Tu

WSUA Radio is looking for an engineer.
Must know something about transmitters and
electrical wiring. If you are interested call
457-5808 and ask for Eric or Dave. Leave

your name and phone number. A first class

FCC License is suggested but not required.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
  
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 
 

     
      
 
 
 
    
   
   
 

  

Experimental Theater preseii is

A a rather unique excursion into

Living Theater in the form of
Donald l-lowarth’s “School
Play" today at -l, 7:30 and 9
pm, in Lecture Center 22. A
limiter] number of tickets are
available one hour before at thr-
PAC Box Office.

Director Steve Aminoff de»
scribes his play as one which
“dedicates itself to cvcryonc,
everywhere who had to read a
play he really didn't want to."

“I don't really buy this crap
about all drama having as its pur-
pose the goal of eithvr educating
or entertaining. Occasionally we
come across a play or a style of
doing a play whose only goal is
to create a kind of collective

     
   

Experimental Theae l

consciousness among the actors
and spectators. This is what
we‘re trying to do with “School
Play," We are asking the audi-
r-nce to bring their own set of
i'Xpt'FlCllCES based on sitting in a
lecture situation into :1 Lecture
(.‘i-iilvr. Most members of “11'

  
 
   
 
  
  
  
   
   
  
  

5
. V

 

audience will havr- liiir-s io ~p. ,.
as well.“

Lecture ()cntcr '_“_’ llUlllx “In.
130 people so if you'rv mom
or] in seeing “School l'lm.
lo the Box Ofﬁce r-arl\

Medieval Canticles

A concert of early vocal and
instrumental music is scheduled
for the Recital Hall, Performing
Arts Center, State University of
New York at Albany, when
“Carols, Cacce, and other Canti-
clcs of the Fourteenth and Fif-
teenth Centuries" is presented
on Friday, March 2, at 8:30 pm.
Admission free.

Included on the program are

 

§ CCGB presents:

 Telepathy

§Memory l'eols
5 Power 0! Suggestion

With Voluntccr Subjects from the Audicncc

M1351
LC 18
8pm

DR. FRANZ J.

  
  

funded by student tax

25‘ w/tox 81 D
75c w/out

Plllilll

 

 

 

works by Macliaiu. luv ‘5 '
.lat'opo (la Bologna. l)ll'.i\ l'.
tolomr-us llrolo, and Ulllll
companying lllt' Vor-ulnn lll -
rncnts such as tho liiissriuli
prano, alto and bus. liq-om.
lute, and viola will lu- llt"‘i
Most of the performers .III‘ Ilia m
bch of the student l)ll(l\ .ii v.
State University of viv You: .
Albany.

Circus!

“(‘lRf'US'" Will be Ilia
ol this week's l“.[>|'|ll'
Thculic Wiiilxsllop, in in
diictcd by l'llllt'\\4ll l<~
Sugaiinaii of Ibc |l|L'.i|li' ilii :
mom on Sunday \ltllrl l
4’30 [1 m. In IlicSiIirlin ll.

'l'hc Workshop \\lll mi-

liltyniiniilc llllll, most mi 2'

by l’iol’ Siigaiinxin om H
lwcnty ycaix, \linwmg |ll-.‘- i. l
tlclails ol‘ciiciis lilc lllvlii i,‘ ."J,
up the Big 'l'op Io \Hlllr'
most famous :it'ls lln- |
Wallcndas, Ilic [atrium our:
('lydc llcaily. and mam u

l’iolcssoi Sugaimaii .l mu ‘
of the ('ichs lllhltiiltdl 8.
ol America. will lllllliil‘l-

lilm Willi biicl Liillllllt'lil

AlllL'llL‘iJll tiiciis .n .l u r
pclltlllllilllt‘t' Iilll'lllllllt'li
also :ituiiiipaiiy Ibr lll
minincnls .|‘\ “oil .I :

t'niiu mum illlil nliillivl l
lion. lllL'li' VHll in .I it,
Ulltllllll ill‘.|il.i\ HI 1'

«'is, iiiodt‘lu Ion .lllll ;‘

many oi llll’lll t'\llt'll|\‘l\

Sir hc on liaiul \Illllllv l
lali'sl Ill .1 will". ol rim a
l'.Xl)t‘lIlIlt'lil;il Iliuilix \\
shops, and t‘Kllllili' lllt‘ lll l
Wl)lltl ol gluinoi .nul l'hlll‘ilu i1
Iliui is llIL' ('iiuus

 

PAGE EIGHT

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FRIDAY, MARCH 2, 197")

%

An ASP Special:

 

   

 

by Andy Palley

lﬁonard Bernstein is the unoomrmn mm. He is the egilane of all
the New York 'Iimex loves to print, I'layboy loves to intaview, and
hire/[crawl agar enraptuns in flowery praise. His weekly datebook
raids like a young socialiie‘s dream (“No, no, may I record Haydn
with New York and Saturday cat with the Undsays"). In short, he
is an inr-omlxmible world celebrity.

Ono's first impression is the opposite entirely. l was waiting in the
control room of (‘nlumbia's E 30th St. studio, chatting wilh an
:mislanl conductor and a rclmscntativri of Clis‘ Wk, when
lr-nny /'.\’riluh' mils him Mr. Brmstcin) stroller! in throng] the
donbh- doors around ten a.m. Hr! grech his Iongrtlrrt [nidUction
iirniagi-r, .lolm McUur‘e, with a hug and a kiss, said hello to Buddy
and ilir- rl-sl of thr- engineers, turd quickly took offhisooat. He m
drum-d ||| his working cloiliesublucjuim and an old Harvard swun-
shirt. 'lliis is not as surprising as one would imagine, for standing (:1
a podium and waving a baton wildly for upwards of four or ﬁve
hours is tiring, alHriirsuming work. 'lry it somctiIm ('I‘rmmini' once
tried it with a liizivywcig‘ht boxer. 'llie poor man lasted nine ninutrs
and gave up. 'l‘osuiniiii was sixtycigit years old. ).

Irony has aged (rinsidcrably. All these pictures on the early
( 'rilumliia disrs an- hclplmsly outdated. in addtion in all the normal
\’t'sllgt-s of apprrriching old age (Bemstein is 57 ymrs old), there are
conspicuous signs of overwork. 'lhis is prinnrily aimed bya limit-
nwk rm-ordiiig schedule; la-nny is gstling about ten or so  otu
ol llll‘ way in loss than a month. After this impossible lask, he plans
to I‘t‘lll’t‘ completely for over a you to relax and [xxﬁihly compost a
lllllt'.

like New York Philharmonic is as eoumh-ic as their laminate
(fiinductor.About half of them an: real artists, ineveryinne ofthe
word. These are the people who can appetiale eva'y nuance
in phrasing or am detect the subtle change in flow in an hour-lmg
symphony. One quarter of the musicians are purine Plums
Balognus Aniaﬁomus~peode who can [lay thrir axe to parfectim,
but don't have the fogiest notion about art. 'llneyhle hem [re
tending their whole life, and will [retaid a1 inﬁll'tunl 'lhcotha’
quarter miglt understand lhts'r work and niglt I’ll, [Ill they
couldn't (me less anyway.

’llie unusual thing about the NY. Phil is that they drm't strive fer
the perfection which other orchestras rash. ’[hey are all ﬁne tedi-
nicians, and can handle their instruments well, but they [lay without
a grmit deal of inspiration. in crxmt this am [as by unnotjrm, but

on record it is immortalized for thomanrk of itchy aitia; to dsniarbcr

'Ihe Chicago or Philadelphia ordiestras rarely, if ever, ﬂay lndy a:
record. lnlcrpretatiom my turn sour, or the mg'rma may bond),
but the orchestra mint be the element as dime to [Election as
pilssihle

While waiting for the recording to bug'n, [any ooulrh't resist
telling an old story:

“it was around Uiristmrs, and Mstislav Miropmdch (the great
Russian mllist)wus over at my plaowle got very drunk, like he always
does, and began to LB“ me of his friend Drritn' Sum 'ch‘s new

symphony (the 15th)"

” ‘lt is so beautiful! Have you ever heard it'?’ he asked.”

” 'No, I haven’t been able to,' l rcﬂiLd"

" ‘Oh! He must tell you in his own words how beautiful it is!!
lll'Yl‘, let me telephone him' "

“ ‘Now, Mstislav, you'll never be able to read] him' "

“ ‘No, no! i will!‘ "

“Wi-ll, suffice it to say that he um rerouted and interruru'd fru'n
hero to Europe. l think he finally got as far rs Bulgum At any rate,
he offered to get me the score for the Amarirzm  It tin-mad
out that Ormandy had had it arming-d long befae, anyway.
()rrmridy, poor fellowdie's so overworked. Mill, he‘s a conductor "
At this, [Jenny snickcrcd notiusihly, and hiscornpatriots wood
that a point had boon rmdc. [army is stimething I’l‘ll’l' than a
conductor.

'lhc line! lt'W [akin worn horribly, as the urdicstm was [laying
without lnspiralioii 'lhr-y seem to need an hour or so to warm up.
“my were working on Nielsen's.Wmdhynphmy‘ wind) will can
pinto ('oluniliiii's Nielsen cycle (Orrnanily did Nm. 1 and 5, Hannah
‘1 li) ’lhv work has soirr very rlifl'ii'ull string “mugs, all of which
wvni nini'li butter after luridi ’llw pins/ling nutrients (7m: in thr-
a-«uniil movement, lilting wait]. in a under-ate tempo ([Arnny wzrs
|.il\lllL’ it slowly) Al, the vial of llu- movement than: isa unison
[lint-w llll' Violas and second Vllllllh ll (XIMU‘d of six notes, rad!
llll‘lllll‘nl ll) i'liylliiii and pitch ‘liii-y wt-n' inch on haw a slight attack
on lln‘lli sn-pnrating Ilii-iii I'Vl'lll)’ Well, nothing Mai-Hui to work 'llu-
.lllrlt’lt‘. wuo- out of plat-w i-oiitiriiuitnly, and that would luivr
uniiirlrrl pvilwlly awful on ilisr- It had to be fixed

‘llu' Ht‘xl hour was spent liking it. In all, nix urn Ullu’b wwv ninth:
ol a short (livr- lllllllll') irrivvriI-iil, Mndi, in the curl aluer oourulm,
brain of l-diling, will mural llltl‘ one “AMER: DIME.

'llu- editing of a (link In mirlitlung Much is new: hudied upon in
nainiit appreciation mum. John WHIP. who has been With
(‘ulunlini and llemntcin union the hitc- 1950’s, in one of the "noun
ot the cutting buird. Ilia h‘plllih are [3"{151'1IM1 deﬁnable and lit:
rapport With the irnﬂciiun in IIIJI'I' than atrial. “I‘ wait ii child

prodigy of Hull), and was an randy nursle at the ﬂan”. iii. lhuiw of
the swiu-liluird over the keyboard has been a [luﬁlalilu and
rewarding one. All of lbnmhan’u "ornamental Mall-1 "unlit";

m lrv’rt‘ul 

  

 
 

   
 

“llennrlciu liutenu to a playback of lllt.‘ Nielsen 2nd Symphony. (above). and confers afterwards with
producer lolin McClure. regarding suggestions for subsequent retakes. (lower). (Photos by Ron

liamell)."

 
  
 
 

    

 

. ' ' a! r. , . ,i ‘
 ra {1'53 Na ll . {:31}
Stars University of New York at Albany

Lenny: The Artist at Work

0bservations by Ron Baneell (see page 6a) and Andy Pulley

W and rrwwlf, it was time for the longritia upthe’Ihruway.

‘y si

 
 
 
  
  
  
   

 

 

  
  
   

 

      
    
  
 
 
  
 
 
    
   
   

  
  
 

  
   

 

 
 

wee podumd by him, as well as everything Bruno Walter did back
in the early 1960's. With score in hand, he walks into every mien
with a lhorouﬁi knowledge of the music, the recording time, the
lim'ts of endurance (which he has often pushed in his mreer), and
the engineer's art. The switch to quadmﬂaonic recording seems more
of a nuisance than a challenge to John, but he takes its difﬁculties in
stride. All in a day‘s work.

The Nielsai we completed around 3:30. There were enough good
lake to produce an exciting disc, and everyone was happy enough.
There was no rest for Lenny, thoudi. He had to listm and mlisten
to every take, and make the ﬁnal decision to go on to another piece.
This takes forever, but must be done. 'll'ie okay was given, and the
ordaestra set up to play Haydn‘s 95th Symphony. ’lhe trombones,
ﬁrst of the horns, and the extra strings donned their cults, patted a
couple of backs, and wmt to gab  to the West Sde (where
mt lhe the th’s musiciims live). The rest of the orchestra
fumlied throuﬂi right nisemble takes of the Haydn. lenny got fed
up and rested for a while, then went back and did the acceptable
lakes. The New York Phil was never a good Haydn orchestra and
poinliy never will be one. It lacks the nth degree of precision
which it naerk to record sixteenth-note rum.

M143 the session was over, the perennial bottle of Scotch was
poured,iirid everyone was grateful for surviving another day in New
York For Danny, it was just one less day until his latest retiru'ncnt
and u long vamtion. For John McClure, it was the beginning of long
sleepliu nigns ov9r which pads of what lake, etc, etc. For the
orchestra, it was time to go out and drink beer. And for one of the

  

 

Friday, March 2, 1973

  

 

