  

Letterto the Editor:

To the Editor:
As a member of the University Council
on Promotions and Tenure, I felt it my
duty to attend the Central Council’s open
hearing on tenure in this university. Many
failings of the present system were aired,
yet there are always pitfalls in any meth-
od. Many of the shortcomings that were
brought out Wednesday came to my
attention after being on the council a few
months. There must be changes made in
the present system — that we can all see.

This past meeting has left the students
with two main recours. One is to start
working now to change the bureaucratic
procedure and the limiting criteria that
are used, and the other ist 0 develop a
means of coping with the system we now
have. I'll limit myself to bettering the
present.

In the council’s discussion of the cases,
a committee member’s personal contacts
with the candidate are often sought,
because somehow a pile of papers (the
ﬁles we are presented with on each case)
does not convey as much as ﬁrst hand
ew‘uence. The same principle applies to
stlﬂlnt opinions and teacher evaluations.
’Iin students contacting me and support-
ing their teacher means more than perfect
’evaluations on a piece of paper. It also
3 gives me something to bring to the other
members of the council. [suggest that the
S. A. or the Central Council institute a
program which will coordinate and direct
student involvement in specific cases. Not
:only could this program put students in
contact with people who have some
Epower, but it could also serve to inform
istudents of when their faculty are being
5, considered, and what the developments

 

Evaluations Not Worth "A Goddamn"

 

are, Rarely, if ever, did student approach
me (or other members of the council) this
year on any case; I had to go out and ﬁnd
opinions. Any future member of this
council would wield more weight than
even the vice-president if he could speak
with ﬁrst hand experience.

The student evaluations that the council
are faced with are often not worth a good
goddamn. Each department uses a differ-
ent form; each department compiles them
differently. Many times norms are never
computed, and often only vague sum-
maries are supplied. It is this sort of 5,5
inefﬁciency which allows I. Mdyer Huns-
berger to say the sort of things that he
does. I would like to see a student run
ofﬁce (possibly with facnlty senators
involved) put in charge of formulating,
administering, compiling, and evaluating
all forms for all departments. Let’s give
our views a little credibility.

The most weighted criteria that are
looked at now are teaching and research.
If we want to change these criteria we can .
go to the trustees, but It will probably
take years. What we can do now is
organize and make sure that the evalua—
tion of teaching that is used will be
looked at seriously and will represent our
true feelings.

 

Jim Johnson
Student 1

its

Com m unlcatlons should be type-
written, double Spaced. and sent to:
Editorial Page Editor
Albany Student Press
Campus Center 326, SUNYA ,
Albany, 12222 :

Unless there are extenuating clr-
cumslances. all letters must be signed.

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 

Being Serious For A Change

by Mark Gilmour

I was going to satirize faggotales and
say: “Let me tell you the story of my
life! Let me tell you what an individual I
am! Let me lay tales of my Birthday
parties and my personal opinions of the
world situation on you!" but I’ve read
Tuesday 30 March’s ASP and it bothered
me to see what was going on and I
decided that perhaps it’s time to start
satirizing myself, or better yet, time to
take that same courage that Ron Sim-
mons takes and lay myself bare in front
of 15,000 minus people. Perhaps instead
of laughing at everyone else and saying
nothing, I might rather say what I think,
at least this once.

There's a shooting match going on. I
read Campus Coalition’s letter in the
above mentioned issue and I went back
and read the “Attica Vs. the Allman
Bros.” article they were referring to and
it sickened me to see that all they were
doing was going “Nah‘nah-nah-nah-nah-
nah! My daddy’s bigger than your
daddy !" back and forth. Yes, there's a big
shootout going on, with the YAF and
the Grass Roots and Mitch Frost and
Doug LeComte on one side and Campus
Coalition and the Greivance Committee
and Barry Davis and the Wild Acid Left
on the other.

I wrote an article satirizing Mitchel
Frost and I wrote it for two reasons: (1)
for fun (2) and to poke at conservatism
on campus. But I wasn’t plugging for the
Liberal Side either. It’s a safe convention
to be a Liberal here at Albany State.
There are a lot of greasers running around
with long hair. And there's a lot of people
going home to Mom and the Flag and

Forgotten, Bui NO‘I Forgiven

by Mike McGuire

Now that the war has been over, tech-
nically, for several months, there is a
growing movement for amnesty in this
country. Lyndon Johnson should be for
given, says Senator John McKiIIem and
others, because “after all, he only did
what he did (building up the Indochina
War) as a matter of misguided conscience.
He didn’t know that we'd (sniffle) surren—
der," concluded the Senator.

“Amnesty has always been given after
major wars,” said Senator George Mis-
govern in rebuttal during the recent Sen»
ate debate, "But this is going a little too
far. After all, if certain narrow—minded
individuals (and I don’t mean that person-
ally) don't want to forgive the draft
evaders and non-cooperators who were
right, we really cannot forgive a President
who was wrong on the war.”

The reaction of the “man in the street"
has mostly been one of restrained Vituper'
ation. "He should have been shot,” said a
National Guard commander from San
Diego, California. “I think we should
forgive him as long as he died in disgrace
anyway,’I said a typical whimpering per‘
missch liberal housewife from Tulsa,
Oklahoma. The Daily News, which bills
itself as New York's “picture newspaper,"
said in an editorial they weren’t really
sure what to say but they were sure
President Nixxon would act wisely on the
matter. “News” reader Jerry Burbank of
Queens, New York said lhill Johnson was
a “traitor” for not going all oul to "Win"
the war, and thought he "got what Ill‘
dcscrvud."

Reactions have also been mixed on
college Campusl's, where much of the
opposition to Johnson‘s policies existed
at the time of their implementation. In ii
recent poll taken at llarrad University,
almu mater of many of Johnson’s advi-
sors, only 5.3% of the students supporter]
amnesty. However, 117% did support
"letting things stand," as against the
other 83% who supported “disembowl-
ment or other public torture." At New
York's Albany State, 8% supported
amnesty, 3% favored execution, 65%
didn't care, and 24% asked who Lyndon
Johnson was. At Kent State in Ohio, a

PAGE EIGHT

 

hotbed of campus activism in the 1960's,
a poll of 5,000 students yielded only-the
President of the local Young Republicans
favoring amnesty. However, the student
body president suggested cryptically that
a student representative should shoot"
Secretary of Defense Richardson so that a
federal grand jury would then investigate
the Pentagon.

In an unrelated incident, convicted
Pentagon Papers publisher Ronald Iceberg
narrowly lost his last chance for executive
clemency before his scheduled execution
next Tuesday. Piesident Nixxon put Ice-
berg on a raised platform next to a
common murderer named Sirhan and
asked the assembled handpicked crowd of
15,000 to choose which one should go
free. Before the coice, which was by
voice, a vote of 8309 to 7716, Nixxon
told the mob, “Now, I want this to be a
completely unbiased choice between a
seller of national semi-secrets and a man
who was only following his conscience.”
The vote was closer than expected,
largely because the crowd wasn’t sure
which was which. But the vote was
conclusive enough to free Sirhan and
condemn Iceberg.

Meanwhile, back in the Capitol, the
Senate debate continued, When accused
by Misgovcrn of complicity iil setting up
the escalation, then ViL‘c-Prcsidcnt and
iiow-Sciiator IIubcrl Ilumpty said in u
lwo-hour speech that he was "only fol4
lowing orders." Apparently this didn't
satisfy Misgovcrii, so Senator Scool Jock
son stood up to (IL‘IIVL'Y an cloquvnl

oration. Iii memorable words, .loi'kson
pointed out, “Just
bolnbcd thrcc nations and killed or (he
placed millions of people doesn’t mean
that he was acting reprehensible. Sure,
those deaths were unfortunate, as were
those of all the cows and chickens that
walked into free-fire zones lwurm chue-
klcs in the chamber). But they were in a
good cause, and I’m sure we'll know why
it was necessary in the next few years.
Beside, the current trade war with Japan
only shows that we should have figured
out a final solution to Orientals back then
while we could have." “Now. we’re stuck

bccausc this man

with them," he concluded tearfully as
self—conscious sniffles ﬁltered through the
room.

The sniffling subsided as Vice»President
Agnew, who was presiding, welcomed a
group of Japanese trade experts who were
watching that day's session. Newly com-
posed, the Senate voted to censure Mis-
govern for his libels and postponed taking
any action on the amnesty proposal until
after the next Gallop poll comes out,
probably next week.

  
 
   

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Apple pie after we leave Rocky‘s Den
here and go home to Middle America. A
few will expatriate. A few will hit Ver—
mont and Canada and communes and the
back woods; a few will go to the cities to
speed on whatever revolutions they per-
sonally forsee and dedicate their lives to
championing some obscure batch of
working class heroes. A few. Me? I don‘t
know. I haven’t decided. I claim no
principles against hypocrisy.

But we've been scorning things too
long. We've been sarcastic about things
for too long. These are the days of hate.
If you want to get excited about any-
thing, it’s hard. You want to get excited
about Top-40 and the Hendrix people put
you down. It's hard to appreciate both
and feel that other people aren’t scorning
you for lack of taste. We have to smoke .i
little reefer, drop a hit of blotter, Iizlvo ..
few beers to loosen up and get oxcllr-rl,
then we have an excuse. “He‘s "cling
bouncy because he’s stoned. We’ll pardon
his words and actions." The trouble In \\'v
learn to dance and play the game, lIlIill
we go back to the straight world illl(I
forget. We read Hesse and Vonnegut and
the Bhagvad-Gila and then we go out illl(I
live lives just as grotesque as Vonni‘giil's
characters. And just as insane.

It’s so ironic. Take our liberals. ’l‘hl-so
are your people who usually have ldr-m
from Eastern Literature and philosophy,
they run around babbling about rL-lncnr
nation and Siddhartha and watching your
life go by like a river and standing on lb»-
bridge and watching it go by; then lhl'y
turn around and quibble about 'I‘rolski
and Bach Mai and Iackey running (logs
and commie pinkos and Anti~Nixon prr.
paganda. I hope to God you don‘t liiill‘ Il
all seriously! We’ve got the L‘Ulihl'l’l‘ullU'
on one side, yelling: “Keep it! Kin-p ii'
Don’t let go!" and the Liberals on lIlI‘
other, screaming: “Change it! (fllangi- Il
all! Tear out the goddamn l'oundzltiuns‘“
Everybody's got the goddamn answr-r .iilil
some people agree with them 'on somr
things and every one else is a Illiunrlr-mig
ignorant, unenlightened, ini-l‘l‘m'iunl
frightened fool.

Goddamn Bokononist Circlc. Goddamn
Catch-22. I’m taking this seriously I
realizo that. “Well, I’m frightened I'll
your children, for the life that thuy .rrv
living is in vain... (Hayward)."

I don‘t think that it is in Vain. Play on
Play your Goddamn games. But somv
onc's laughing, Some of them are laugh
ing.

“By letting go, all things gel dolw
Lao Tzu. Another CHLCI’I'ZZ'BUEUHHHIsl
slip: I didn’t have to write this zlrLll'll', Iiui
what the hell...

TUESDAY, MAY 1, 1971’)

  

 

 

 

Smith, Siauffer Trade Charges

Below Is a memorandum written by
English Department Chairman Staufler
and sent to Dean Hunsberger concerning
Curt Smith's teaching evaluation ratings.

The following is an attempt to respond
to the analysis of the statistical sum-
maries of the teaching evaIUations of
Curtis Smith which were provided to you
by Miss Masterson. As far as they go, they
are mathematically true, but they do not
take certain factors into account. Statis-
tics are not my strong point, but it is true
that figures can be used in different ways
to produce different results.

For what they are attempting to prove,
the students have chosen the best meth-
od, since even though Snith is only about
halfway between the norm and the ex-
treme top, on a percentage basis he ends
up in the top 5%. If his score is placed on
a bell curve, it will be seen that he does
indeed end up among the highest, but his
point score (‘Iul l) is almost as much
below the top extreme (.39) as it Is abch
thc ilvcrilgc (.53).

Generally, an average is more reliable
than 3 percentile when you are dcillin
with data that is as crude as ours is,
because in the averaging the errors lend
to cancel (“'10 another out. I feel, there
fore, that the data we provided originally
gives a more accurate picture of Smith's
ranking among other assistant professors,
since it is brisvd on average-s

'I‘hc concilisions we are ablc to draw
from the ichrllging of lhis onc quuslion
ilrl’ somewhiil limilcd. We compich [his
millL’l‘lilI ill the ll‘ljlli‘hi of (‘url Smith, and
ii is based soil-ly on Question If) of the
questionnaire "I'onsldoriiig cvsrylhing,
how Would you rate this teacher?”

In another sludy donv I’l'f‘l‘lllly ill. lhc
request of the Univcrsily's 'I‘i-ili'hi‘r
Award Committee, We used four olhcr
questions as a check against question 19.
'I‘hut 15, we looked first ill. Qchlion Ill
and then looked ill lhi- responses to llll'
othcr qur‘slluns in order to scv WI'IPIIH'!’
they backed up illc high responses in that
particular qucsilon. Wl‘ also lricd lo lilkl‘
into iiccounl the numbers of studcnts
cnrullcd in particular courses, sincc il has
been found lllill sludcnls in small courses
tend to rule the instructor higher than do
students in large courses The result of
this stUdy was a list of lcn lcilchers who
received the highest overall rulings, based
on the use offch difl'cri’nl questions, rIIIKI
talking class». $17.0 inlo acr‘ounl. (furl Siniili
did iiol appear on till.» lisl

'I‘hi- sludr-nls who milfli‘ lhv sludy slili
milled in you liliil illlUIIll‘l' disudvunizigv
‘s only ll) Illl‘ (‘Viilllillllill‘w

  
 

They had ZI(‘
ril Illl‘ I“:lll I
4'\'illll:lllilllh Ililll Ill'l'll sillllllllli‘ll lo you
l()f r'iiursc, Wl‘ Wl‘fl' also [blown off
«lightly in ollr arr-raging by Illlh l’m-i )Mv
poiill is, lliougli, IIlill lIll‘ Illi'l‘l' courses
Smith was ll-ili'hiiig Ill IIll‘ I-';l|| oi lll'I'J
W’l‘l'l‘ Si'li‘lll'l‘ I"ii'liiill :lilil l\ll'lt1\llll‘l'l(iill
Iiolh l‘II‘l‘LlVI’ i'liurscn, lllllll

i‘.‘ .‘il'n‘thli‘l', :.inr-l- iliv ollll-r

Literature
highly popular subjects, With a sludl-ni
i‘Ili’llllfIl‘ Illl'lllll‘il toward :l favorable rri
.H‘llllll, lis lippiisi-d lo, siiy, ii i'l‘llllll'l‘fl
mummy l'lilli’hl‘

'l'hii. is not lllll‘lllIi‘lI iii lii- u l'ilnl‘ ilgilillsl
Siiillh based on our analysis versus llll‘
sllldi-nls' iliilllysis Bui l lhlllk ll dot-s
suggml \iillll' of the shorii'oinlngs of an
.iiiulysis Wlill'll plils heavy l’l‘Ilillll‘l‘ on
pl-i'i'l-lllili-s WIll'il llll‘ lIilliI is I'l‘l:lllVI'l_‘y'
Ilrii'vfinl-d, illllI willl'll is. bum-d i'riiirl-ly llll
lIll' ii-spiinsc lo ll siilgli- quvsliuii

'I‘lii- lll‘lllll’liill‘lll now has il ('Iliillllllll‘l‘
working on lhc pillllll'lil oi I'Villllilllllll.
.liid lliiiil‘n lo l‘lllili‘ up Willi ll Iorin WIlIl'II
wdl IlilVl' more .‘wIlill‘llIy ill-l'iiii-d an-slions
and Will Il-nd llhl'll lo inciilliiiglul qliliilll
IAIIVI‘ analysis I’iilil wv Ilith‘ such illl
Illhllullll‘lll, | llilnk We should Iw wary ol

[ilill'lllu ll Ill-.lvv l‘lllilllilhln on ihls kind of

illilii. . l .

Following Is a rebuttal of the above

memorandum wi‘ltten by Smith and

sent to Dean Hunsberger, Presldanl

Benezet, and others.

Several sections of this rebuttal

have been deleted due to space ilml-

latlons.
Discovery of the Memorandum

l was not allowed to examine my tenure
ﬁle until both Dean Hunsberger and the
Council had acted negatively on my
tenure Case. Mr. Robert Terwilliger of
Dean Hunsberger‘s ofﬁce explained that
for me to see my ﬁle would be “against
procedure." Later, Mr. Henry Mau con-
curred, and he offered two justiﬁcations
of this policy: (1) too much of the
Personnel Ofﬁce‘s time would be con-
sumed if everyone could examine his or
her file; (2) the President must receive the
file intact. (In other words, candidates
might steal documents from the file!)
Unwilling to accept this policy, I pre-

sented a plea to Vice President Sirotkin,
who zll ﬁrst argued that there is ii
distinction between il personnel/[Ir and a
lcnurc rflisslcr Under pressure, however,
Ili‘ rclcnlr-d On April 9, 1973 I cxamincd
iny l'ilc zliid discovered lIll’ Hilluffcr Mcm~
orandum,

Critique of (he .‘lIi'niorriridiIni

ll would be laughable. if its cl'fi-clii had
not bccn so serious. I would never have
believed that ii PhD. in English could
Wl'llf‘ so poorly and illogii'lllly. Any
Freshman Composition teacher would fail
it, on lhc basis of both form and ('onli‘nl.

For example, the “graph” on p l is not
it graph (If anything. Slllul‘fi’r has not
plollvd fix) but morva givr-n a subjoclivc
impression of Wllill :i boll cuer would
look like. Morcovcr, his figures. (2.150
bolloni, IHIH ilVL‘I'ilul’, and 1.80 top) llri-
drawn from two Sl‘pill'ilii‘ lulilcs, sinci-
2.304)“) is llll‘ range for (III faculty, and
I! 88 is the llvvrllgi- only of assistant
profcssors lzind llll‘ average for assistant
professors is higher than for ilII faculty)
His .39 and .53 arc therefore totally
meaningless; but even if they were mitill’l'
lilgful his coliclusions would Ill- incorri-cl,
sincl- ho is mvilsuring (IlhliillCI‘ ziliing thc
boll cuer l'ilIIll‘l‘ than lll‘f‘il under it. EVI'ii
his plﬁll'l‘nll‘ill of 1-11 on iIll‘ i'urvr- is
distorch and Mllljl‘Clll/l'. Iii‘ gives aboul
llll’l‘l' limos as muvh spill-i- for .35] ilb for
53!

Slauffcr characterizes llll‘ data ils
"crude" and ‘,rillilliv0ly unrefined." whill
docs lil- mean? The (Ialil is no more crudc
than thzil produced by the A-Esculc used
10 grade students. The QJ’ A. dorivvd
from the grading scale is pri-cisi-ly illlilll)‘
goUs lo the data we submilli-(l Would
Slilul'fi-r be Willing to dismiss IIII‘ (Iil'l'i‘r
once Iii-lwccil il ('0 :ind :m A " | submil,
also, lhill no question asle of studi-ni.
could br lnori~ l’l‘llilllll‘ and straight
lill'Wiil'iI Illilfl WIll‘lIll‘l' lIll‘Il‘ ll‘iliflll’l’ is
l'Xl'l‘IIi‘llI, Vl‘l'_\' good. good, fair, poor, or
vr-ry bird

(in pngv lwo, paragraph lwo Sliiul‘l'i-r
l'l‘I'l‘l'n lo .liiiillii-i’ slurly WIIH‘Il Ill: r'on
suit-rs lllllll‘ l‘l‘IlilIlll‘. Amu‘mngly, he r'rv
lites lhc llillll'i'hhllill lllill l lulVi- .slllilll
I'lilsnl‘n, illllI lllill my high rulings arc lIllls
lllll’t‘IlriIIII' In poiiil of fill-l, IlliWI‘Vl‘l', l
have illVl‘f lhrcc bl‘nli‘hll‘l’n) laughl lWll‘I'
.l.» lnllm studi-nls us illlylllll‘ l'lhlf iii lIll‘
I‘Iilgllhll IJcpiii'lmvnl' (Him Iii-low, “NI‘W
I‘lVliIl'lll‘l‘ ") Ilo ri-l'l'i‘s ll) Ullll‘l' l‘ill‘hllilllh
Willill Wl‘il‘ l'Ill‘l‘lll'lI :iglliilsi Ill, IIll'M‘
wurr- (Ill‘ tells. me) I, ‘1, ‘.l illlfl l I Agalln,l
ilppi-zlr to scori- Iiijjllilr on llivsv quvslions,
liver Illl‘i‘t‘ bl‘llll'hll‘i'h, lllilll lill (llll‘hllllll
l‘.) l (‘lliilll‘llul'll bill) In sshow his siildy
lo lill‘ IIl‘ refused in do so If such .i
sludv lllli‘b vxnd, I am nkl'lllli'ill :ibolll ils
ill-curacy Willi :l IilgIl worm (in Jill lill'
illll‘hllitllh used and vi'illi Illl‘ largcsi i'Iliss
.‘il/l’ in II!“ I)l'[lr|llllll'lll, lion l‘lillIlI l iioi
Ill' oil lIll‘ Illil Slnlllllvi llll‘lllllillh" lllr also
iiivillioiis lllt‘ ()lllslalilliiig 'l'i‘ni'lilii
".VulllI I'lllilljtl'i‘irllh Wl'lt‘ nailed Ill \llll
Illll inalviilil on [lip iloliiiiir-I-s lm lllh
Award I l‘ilil iioi llt‘lp lilil Willllll‘l' WIlill
Ill‘ sublnillvd lor lnv )

Ill llll‘ ill-xi pairllgrlipli
Slnill'l'cr lII'ilWh El conclusion lllill

llullllll‘l it ill

pilgu ‘J

 

a... in...

in

 

 

 

 
 
   
 
   
 
    
  
 
  
 
     
   

 

  

   

by Ken McLaughlin

The perfect order of Heaven is rarely
upset by controvorsy. The ’Deity's sense
of humor and sense of justice, however,
have recently clashed with His Son’s
merciful nature. Last week, the following
parley took place between the Two:
“Dad, I thought you were going to wait

_ for the historians to take care of Nixon.

Why are you trying to embarrass him
now? This whole Watergate thing seems
so unnecessary."

“Well,” said the Father, “I‘ve decided
to make some changes in the Grand
Design. I just can't wait 'til that megalo-
maniac gets what's coming to him."

The Lord paused for a divine breath,
':,then continued his diatribe. “All that
lofty praise for Nixon's policies sickened
me. Those Earthlings seem to have lost all
: their ethics."

"As sson as the PW's came home, the
' war became right again. So many of those
mericans seem to be saying that if the
ar was good enough for the POW's, it
as good enough for them.

“I know the last straw for me was thill
bombing of helpless people around your
irthday. I just can’t restrain myself
nymore.

“With all these POW torture stories, I‘m
fl‘iIILI that lhc majority of Americans will
opt the soon lo~bc1lnnounccd resump-
on of illc air war against North Vici-
ilm. They will feel justified in respond-
ng to bilrbzlrisni with Iiiirbiirism. l haw-
() other CIlUlCt‘ llliin lo lcl llic Wlilci'giltc
sue explode right now. I must ulil-rly
eslroy Nixon's credibility so that the
Bupll' will go against everything the
inlitic says.

“Imagine this. lil 2i few wccks, I‘ll hlivr-
lkl' Mansfield miraculously find a I’rcsi-
(‘llllill memo to John Mitchell rolling
cross “10 Milli in Washington. The memo
vill be dated June II, 1972 and saly:
I ‘I‘IIINK 'I‘IIIS WHOLE BUG-
ilNG BUSINESS IS REALLY NIE’I‘Y. l
l.W/\YS DII) LIKE JAMES BOND
)VIES IN FACT, AS FAR AS MOVIE
IEIiOES (l0, BOND RATES JUS’I‘
INDER PA’I‘TON. JLIS’I‘ IIOI’E WE
)ON'T GE'I' (SAUGII'I‘. llU'l‘ ll" WE DO,
IT WON'T BE 0F MUCII CONCERN.
LIKE EVERYTHING ELSE, WE‘LL BE
ABLE TO (IOVEIi I’l‘ Ul’

“Mansfield will turn tlli- mi'mo on-r to
the I)I'|):ll‘llnulll of Poll( and Jlis

 

 

E

ii is easier lo illlilill Iiiin ratings in elm-liw
than in rchircd courses, 'I'hlll this is illl
i-slilblishcd, "ilbjci'tch" fllcl would bi-
iicws to many in Hip English Dopzlrlmnnl
No guidclincs for l‘VquttllllL‘, dil'fvi'i-iil
kinds of course.» have bw-li usinbllshrd Ill
llw Engliin I)(‘[iill‘lnll‘lll, iillfl ll lixr'l-i-ds
Slaul'l'rr's authorin to siil lIll‘m up will
oul l-oilsulling anyone

IYIllfi‘llVl‘f. llil-ri- are compelling .li'gu
nil-ills :igilinsl Slzlufl'lar‘s ('liill‘lllxllill I“|i'\l
of all, Hill‘ H‘ithll for Illl' popularity ol’
the i'iiilrsiw l‘» ililli l imr-Ii (Ill-in
lIll'l‘l‘Ilill‘ ll l's llll llIiIl' in iiw IIIl‘ll' |)i)|lll
lurin .ls :l rnzlrli against me Hucond,
l'll'l'llVl' courses iIfilW in. many ltllhllll‘bh
and l‘Ili‘Illlhll'y majors, l‘ll‘, as English
majors |Il shori, silltli‘illn who lurid to
Ti'hlhl lill'i'lii'y illliilynlh ll is illWith L'ilb'll‘r
for illl Engliin li‘ill'lll‘l’ lo li‘ill‘ll English
majors 'I'hil‘d, I know of ill local “"0
lilf‘lllly lill’nllll‘l' in llll' Engliin Depart-
ment who i'i-l'usl-n lo lunch Afro American
llll'l’ullll‘l‘ bw'ulisv Ill' considers ll too
dil'l'ii'ull and [on Fourth,
ll-zir'llilig hl‘ll'lll‘l' fir-lion is nol it!» may as il
inlinl nl‘l'lll ’I‘lli- (‘l‘llll'lhlll ol M'll‘ill'l'
l'li'lloli (lot-s iiol l‘xlnl, ils Il lIlll‘h llll lllllll‘
I'hlilllllhlll‘ll fluids, so I Illiti‘ lli lll‘Vl‘lllIl iliv
ilWll Ivloiwivor, »ludi'lils who inki- lIll'
i'lllllhl‘ only liii‘ Illll It‘lIlI lo ii‘sisl inv

dllngvrous

llgiirilllrs illll-llm'liilll illlpl'flilf‘ll

Slnulli‘l I)Ilnl‘h Ills l'ilht‘ oil ('lilhh hill‘ and
I‘It‘l‘IlVl‘ Vh rl-qiliri-d courses on llfl appeal
to outside lllllIltlrlly. Ho l‘Xll‘llanf' In ihr
lilliliogriiplly Uil llii-si‘ lssuvs llllil. Ill.‘ lillglll
havu [)Il'kl‘ll articles proVIding el'l'i-i-llvr-
support for his ('ilh‘t‘ (And I could pick
articles llwich would argue cffci'livvly oil
the other side.) llc creatcs the iiiipriension
that McKeuchie argues extensively and
ddcfinitivuly that student ratings are high-
er in smaller courses, and that Cohen and
llrilwcr, similarly, provide definitive evi-
dence that ratings in popular elective
courses are higher.

  
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
   
   
  
  
 
  
 
   
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
    
  
  
 
  
   
  
   
  
  
 
   
   
   
  
   
  
 
   
   
     
  
  

tice. He’ll refuse to let the F.B.I, touch it
'ﬂie Swiss will verify that the handwriting
is the President’s.

“After this, Nixon will continue to ac
like nothing really happened, clinging to
his previously stated belief that the public
is too stupid to comprehend Watergate
anyway. The political climate, however
for the first time in American history
will radically alter. The people won'
believe a word Nixon says.

“Just think! When he calls for more
bombing in Indochina, the citizens wil
demand immediate and total withdrawal
When Nixon impounds more domesti
funds, the people will scream for im
peachment. All the members of Congress

will be known in history as the Glorious
Impeachment."

St. Peter, who had been listening to tlii.l
Deity's speech, facetiously asked: "Whili
if Nixon decides to impouan the im-
peachment proceedings and the Supreme
Court upholds his action?"

With St, Peter‘s words, the mood in
heaven became more festch than ever.
The cherubs and scraphs couldn‘t control .
their tittcring. Yet the Son appeared :'
melancholic. The Lord asked Him why.

After alight hesitation, He answered: "I
don‘t know about this whole thing. ll jUst
doesn't seem like the Christian way in
ilCI. Don't You remember my last words
on the Cross? You know, that pleil I
made to You about forgiving people
because they really don‘t know what
they'rc doing."

'I'hc Lord's expression grew half-serious~
"()h, l'll forgivr- Dirk Thai is, (lfll'r ll
purgatory."

“What will thill. bu?" ilnkL’fI the Son.

“Well, I lirivcn‘l ducidcd exactly I’rob
ably something like standing naked in ll
thatcth roof but with Pill and the girls,
whilc [3-52'5 bomb continuously for
thousand and one days. Of course, dc
pitu scvvrc injuries, hir'll l'l'milln conscious
enough to cxprariencc the combined su
furing of millions of pi-zlsunls "

Jesus finally conceded Lillil this was In

The Father did ildmll Ill‘ had one
reservation. “The only thing Illill worries
me about lclting him in this PlilCl‘ is that I
think lll“s iifll’r my job."

(fullisn and lirilwcr give no information
on when, how, for what courses, and by
whom thi- Illinois study was conducted.
They are ill fact not vvvn iiilcreslcd in
(Ilhl‘Uhnlllg i-loi'tivc Vs. required courses,
bill in discounting sludciii cvalualions in
giiilcrlll, which they consider illl unreliable
guidc to what and how much ihr students
Icarii ’I‘hcy do not believe lhill sludans
ill‘l‘ l’il|)ill)ll' of giving rcliilblc cyldl-ncc on
lliv “effects of iiislrucilon,” lMcKi-ziclliu,
by lIil‘ way, lllnllgi'i't‘h. “Sludi‘ill rulings."
Ill‘ says, “do IlilVl‘ siliril‘ validity 'I‘i‘iil‘lll-rs
I‘illl'fI :ls cfl'i‘r-livr- by students lend lo lw
IIIUM‘ tullchi-rs whose sludonts luilrn
most" I p,-l-lll |. )

Staul'fcr ildl’llllll‘d Lo rnc thul he had not
own consulted (Iohcii and Brziwcr, but
only :l book which referred to them. Ally
Freshman submitting the Stzlul‘l'cr Mem
orlindum lo inl- tin a rehl‘ill‘Cll projccl
would be, ill [he very least, required to
l-xninine the primary siiurccs, acquaint
himsclf or Ill‘l‘sL‘lf more fully with the
available bibliography on llic fir-Id. and to
fl‘Wl'lIJ‘ the ])llpl‘i’

SlilUlll‘l zll'lunlly Ililh llll‘ I|‘lll|‘l'il} in
.«nly, Ill llll' iii-xi plirilgiilpll, lli.ii “lIlln
l'iillll iiili-iidl-d lo liv .1 l'il.\l' ilguinsi
Slilllh " II in hard in IllIl" lllln a.» .in
Illini-sl hlllll‘lillll, inlliw Silliilll-i is hiding
behind il |ll’l'll‘llM‘ oi olijw'iiVlu 'l‘ilki-n do
.i wimlr, Illl‘ Hlnulll‘r h'Ii-iiiiiiiiiiduili lll
volvr-s l'lllll‘l lII‘IlIHfl'lllI‘ dihlulllull III in
i-ri-dililn- iricsponsibillly 'I'hill Slllufl'cr
nulilllllll‘ll this document lo 2: Di-an in
t‘ullllt‘l'llilll with El tenure i'nsi- ll ('ilat’ in
which illl i-iitirc academic career was at
stukc * is shocking. “till be shown it in
me, I could have corrected it, but It
would still have been irresponsible. That
he did not show it to me is unethical in
the extreme.

 

TUESDAY, MAY 1, 1973

      

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE NINE

   
     
   
 

 

 

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
   
   
   
  
   
  
  
  
   

   
  
  
  

 
 
  

