 

editorials 8 letters

‘120 you Mal-l /r FRAMED, BRUNZED, arr WRAPPED
are 5/MPLY LEFT //v YOU/P WILL ?’

Why Hunsberger Left U Mass

 

While Dean of the College of Arts
and Sciences at the University,‘ of Mass-
aChusetts at Amherst, I. Moyer Huns-
berger ran into considerable trouble
with almost every department in the
college, according to sources there and
here at SUNYA.

He reportedly had Very poor relations
with the Art Department. One story
relates how he confiscated paintings at
a U Mass art show because they were
“obscene.” Some people here at the
SUNYA Art Department were upset
when they heard this, being naturally
worried that the Dean might do the
same thing here. When they asked
Hunsberger about the possibility of
this, he told them that the U Mass
Gallery was located in a wide corridor,
while the Fine Arts Gallery here at
SUNYA is a specially constructed
three-story section of the Arts building.
Apparently, because of differences in
the manner in which the paintings are
displayed, artists exhibiting their works
here have nothing to worry about.

The artist was Chuck Close and his
repttation reportedly increased dramativ
cally after the confiscation business,
and for sevr-ral years he was in great
demand due to the publicity the con
fiscations received.

Although little ii. known about llnris
berger'n relations With most of llll'
other departments at U Mass (except
that they were often on poor terms),
tinitc a lot has been learned about
what went on between the Dean's
office and the history department,
events which help explain why llulib
burger eventually rlmlgiiletl as Dean and
left for Pakistan. lt centered around a
dispute over the appointment of a cer
tani ltobert A, Potash as history rle
partrnr-rrt chairman.

'l'roubles in the I) Mani. history dc
prirlrrienl started back in May of Ill‘ih
when llH' rleparlirienl voted to have
popularly eluted executivr- consider
rank ll'llllft‘, and promotions. 'l‘liii. new

by (11mm non Noxtii:

method was considered “intolerable” to
certain “senior men" in the department
who wanted to continue the “Peel
Off" system, whereby a man's promo-
tion is determined only by his
superiors in rank.

Meanwhile, Professor Howard H.
Quint, then head of the department,
announced that he wanted to step
down since his fine year term had ex-
pircd. One source told this reporter
that, “Quint, with the support of
Iliiiisbi-rger, had been arbitrary and
tyrannical” and that Quint‘s resignation
had reiieWed the efforts to reform the
department, efforts which cvvntualiy re-
sulted in llunsberger's resignation

After Quint stepped down, Huns—
berger appointed Potash to be tem-
porary head of the department. The
faculty was against Potash, and rather
strongly so. The dislike for Potash was
expressed when they voted against him
when he came up l'or final approval for
the chairman‘s post. Supporting lluiis-
bergcr and Polain Were the M'lilttr men
iii the department. who obVioiisly had
it lot to lose If Potash lost, since
l'otash backed the "Peel Off” system.

According to another Millft'l‘ at U
Mass, the faculty's vote Hlioill'tl down
to ri vote against Hunsberger and
l’olasli's association with him."
The problems faced by the U Mass
history department while under Quint
and Potash sound strangely like those
now being faced by hIEVl'rill departments
here. ()lll.‘ U Mash professor charged at
the time that, “'l'he last seVi-Ii years
have been years of serious misinanagee
mr-nt" and that “the department's man-
agement ilid not observe professional
standards in arriving at decisions." This
same professor went on to say that
iunior members of the department were
"disregarded and their talent stifled."
Wiiili- Hunsberger was Dean at U
Mans rind Quint chairman, over 11.0 fric-
rilly mr-riibi-rs resigned from the history
llt‘piii’tﬂllflil, and an additional 10 or 12

ioiiliiionil on DillJU 14

So we defend ourselves and our han-roosts,
and maintain Ilavary.
-Hanry David Thoreau

 

Budget Recommendations
Stier Vitality

We recently received a copy of the 1973-74 Student Association
Budget Recommendation, as prepared by the Executive Budget Com—
mittee. Under the direction of chairman Steve Meyer, the committee
expended an effort of over I400 person hours preparing the final
document, iiicludin 13 separate meetings with an average length of 9
hours each, and a iginal review of 24% hours.

What came out of this great effort was a budget which allocates
$56l,236 to some 75 separate organizations next year, subject, or
course, to approval by Central Council.

Receiving rather licfty increases in their appropriations would be
University Concert Board, WSUA»FM, and other “mass .ippcal" groups.

In our View thesc increases are all well and good. except if one takes
into account a few other considerations. 'l'hc amount of revenue SA
will be collecting next year is not projected to increase significantly.
meaning that some groups will have their budgets cut, it not eliminated
altogether.

According to SA President Mike Lampcrt, the '7 i ‘74 budget trend is
“away from expensive, personalized acadcinii .uid ictrcaiional activities
toward a more mass pro ramming and stit'lill concerns.” llc goes on to
say that this is “general )' in accord" with the results of the recent
studcnt opinion poll “as i read it."

We are not so sure. however. that the students really wantcd to we
some of the cuts the Executive (Iiiiiiriilttcc is proposing when tlit‘y
voted.

The Butane branch is recommending cuts in such groups t|\ AMIA.
Sailing Club, Art Council. English Students Committee. Chemistry ('liili.
(lay Alliancc, literary magazines, Amateur RadioClub, judo ('luh. .llltl
numerous other academic and recreational groups. Some of the this .llt'
substantial, representing over half of the groups former operating burl
Ct.

While our purpose here is not to justify the existence of with of the
above groups, it docs seem to us that Central Council would do Wt'll
to think long and hard before they agree with these reductions.

A University Center is ostensibly composed of many diverse groups
and many different interests, all coming together to create a vital.
lively whole. A university contains many small groups catering to the
hundreds of different interests found on campus, from science fiction
to scuba diving. To “mass program” all too often means simply to
stifle the individuality that makes a University Center what it is
supposed to be.

To combine the sc‘vcral literary magazines, each with a special slant.
into one publication with a seriously rcduccd budget stiflcs vitality.

Vitality is stifled when the Art Council Budget is cut drastically. Ar.t
Council oversees all of the visual arts on campus.

Wllt'll the budgets of such small, but interesting and important groups
as the Ukranian Students Organization, tllt‘ Medical 'l‘cclinology
Society, and the Society of Physics Students. is cut, viialiry is siillcd.

There is presently a group on campus for practically cvcryonc, lioni
sports, to theatre, to magazines and newspapers. Perhaps the Executive
branch is a little hasty in seeking to alter this situation. If we really
are a University Center, and not merely ri large colli'gc, then such small
organizations should be encouraged. ll can mean the difference bt'
twcci mediocrity and excellence.

What tltt‘ Executive Butlch rctoiiiineiidation would do, it seems, is to
cncotiragc more extravaganza concerts such as the Allman Brothers.
costing tip to $30,000 for lillt' night. We lltin‘ already expressed our
opposition to this policy. The nationwide trend seems to lH' away lion!
booking large groups at colleges simply because they are too L'Apt'ilhth'.
increasingly, they air- sci-ii performing iii large tiiics, at iHllHt'llillm
lt'sllyalb. and so forth.

 

Advertising
llllfltl mold
lrnda deuinonil

Business
pint mark
retry albrei ht

Ad Production
debbru kaeiiieii
sheila at lieiikciii
gdiV ‘ilJS‘ilildii

Classified Ads
ldllly gaiiek

lL'LlllllCtll
lob .ii iiisli
hi i hall
malt rneyer
Circulation
ion wood
Lxcliange
iiidik liti.‘oi‘.ky
Photography
Idy roseiiheig
david slawsky

Founded in [9/6
Editor~in-Chief Editorial Pages

gory ricLiardi (_|l(:ili\ von noutit/

News Arts
arm (2 bunker tindy pulley
riiindy ailrnan l)lll brrna
katiiy cckerle Spur“

Off Campus in our mar;an
bot) mayor ken ardinno
daririy ross

Preview
lustre ddVl‘a

funded by student [an
oltii ii (,LJZIi “in”... 45/ / It“, Grain”

editorial nun. y i‘, iiiiili'iiiriiuzil to [lie torn-run litltli'l rirtii sililey

 

 

 

 

Union College Proposes New Tenure Plan,

by Glenn von Nostitz

Across the country and here at
SUNYA qualiﬁed, popular, young pro-
fessors are being turned down for ten»
are positions. It is all a result of “ten—
ure squeeze” in which too many pr0<
fessors are vying for too few tenure
slots. It is a situation likely to worsen
as more and more young teachers seek
tenure and fewer and fewer older pro-
fessors retire to make room for them.

Neighboring Union College in Schen»
ectday seems to have found a tem-
porary way around the tenure squeeze.
It includes granting three year Contracts
to qualiﬁed professors who would
otherwise not receive tenure, meaning
that popular professors who are denied
tenure because of space limitations
would be able to keep teaching.

As the system now stands, a pro
fessor is mandated to come up for ten~
urc review after teaching for 6 years. It‘
the tenure review committees, deans,
and councils, find him acceptable, he
then receives tenure and the school has
made, as a result, ii lifelong commit»
ment to keep him. Only under the
rarest and most unusual circumstances
can he be fired. On the other hand, if
the professor does not receive tenure
after 6 years he is officially out the
door.

Increasingly, professors are being iirrrr
ed down not because they any on
qualified but simply lil‘t'tillsi- llil' \iliirirl
is not ready to make u till-long
commitment to him. They are .rtrarrl ol’
compromising flexibility,

But the young faculty members want
tenure badly, and many of them, lllli'
(Tarol Waterman and (‘iirt Smith, frgbi
long and hard for i'.

Under the Union proposal, llUWl'Ul
tl'e professor would not river-smith in
“out the door." After six yum 1h.
candidate would go through lhe llklllil
tenure proceedings. The tr-nirri- i-ommii
tees and the l'fllidlflllll' would not in-
told whether there is a position and
able in his department or not, He
would be judged entirely on ll|\ UWII
credentials. If he does rem-tic "tr-rim.»
then the administration would lll"\l
look to see whether llirrr- It .i pi-r
Inanenl slot open for him. If one tliii'x
not exist, then the professor would rm'r
the a three year conlriii'l llva-"iitl, Willi
the option of trying for tenure again
after three years, firily if he fari~ to
receive “tenure” would ir- .ii'lii;i|l\ be
released.

No Positions

The creation of the Union proposal
was prompted by the ('UillrtiVl‘i'sllil
cases of two young professors, liavid
Potts and Stephen Berk, Both were
very popular, and bolli were very qual
ified. Berk holds a doctorate Ill llussian
History from (‘olumbia, and Potts

holds a Doctorate in History from Har-
vard. Berk is in charge of Union's
term-abroad in Israel program, while
Potts runs the American studies pro-
gram.

Neither man was even considered for
tenure, simply because there were no
permanent positions for him. If they
had been given tenure, it would have
meant that R of the 9 faculty members
in the history department would have
been tenured, an unacceptably high
riitio for any college. On the other
hand, the administration and students
wanted very much to keep both men.

SUNYA encountered a similar sit-
uation in its classics department last
year. Professor Richard Guscoyne was
turned down for tenure in large part
because giving him tenure would have
resulted in a 100% tenured department.
(irisciiyiie, too, was very popular and
rvi't‘iVi‘tl excellent recommendations.

Problems

'l'here haw, howvver, been objections
to ihe linion plan. Some senior faculty
members appear worried that the con-
tract .‘-)'sit'iii may contribute to the
erosion of the tenure system and lead
to its eientiial dissolution, since faculty
members could be fired after the three
year contract period is over, ()ther
r-rriir's have suggested that the plan
Wlilllll reduce academn frl‘itltil“, since
professors iiiiili-r t‘lillll'ZICl \«iiiiltl lie
I‘tillltllllll ll\ watched. and .i new con
ll.itl airiiiltl be awarded on the li;l>|\ of
thin lit‘lliiillidllt'l‘ over the taint three
\r,rr i-l'ililiillt‘, ll'lllliltl professor do
nut irate tn tirirr)’ .iliou‘.

lliii .\ll|!iL‘ l’rovosi \\rilard l‘illlt'l‘iiiii‘i.
\thrr was irr~trumeiilal in drawing tip
lllI' proposal. says that these dangers
.iri' I'lllll'l'l\ riverpltiyi-d, lle: ri-ssr-s that
['nmrr “tillltl \llll require the trail
rimrral number of faculty on tenurc.
.I'lll that lln (‘oiitrai'ls would lll' given
ori|\ Io pr-nir-rcsors who iriialifirvrl for
li‘liJit' lilll were exr-liidi-d llttlil ll
inn t~l.\t' oi ‘pdi't' limitations.

.'\ll(l lll ..r\~ that ll does not erode
.li'.itl"lllt| lil'l‘tliinl because It "pub a
limit llllllll tenure." lll' ,slll‘hnin llll‘
lililiiiildllri i-I .ii-adi-mir freedom. anil
porni~ out Ilial tlie l'()Illi..ll \‘sti-rii
torrid ‘ir-rp .-.idi-mii treerlorir o_\ saving
it“ l.litii' '.\l|‘m.

I‘ll‘ltillttil “in llial most of tlu- dis
t‘ll‘» run ..I |.iion has been "ii-r} i-ool"
.iiiri Ilii' be faculty appears to be
”vm) up: it ininileil” about the new
proposal lli- admits that there are
sonr-v who rre strongly against ll, but
that they are generally countered by
the larger number in the middle and
some who are even strongly in favor of
the l‘llilll‘dt‘l system.

When drawing up the plans, the (fol
Ii-ge “its verv 'careful to include adeq-

uate umber: of faculty in the decision
making, a move which seems to have
muted much potential criticism.

According to the Provost, the AAUP
reaction has been “less than enthusias-
tic" and the national office is report-
edly reserving comment until the final
detailed proposal is worked out. The
AAUP would like to see no tenure
limitations, but officials at Union say
this is impossible.

However, Enteman does say that'

Union officials and faculty seriously
considered the consequences of vio-
lating AAUP rules when they drew up
their proposal. Particularly at “tradition
steeped Union College" this was an im-
portant question, Entemen says. Union
has the oldest AAUP chapter in the
state, and was a charter signatory.

’I‘he Trustee‘s reaction has been gen-
erally favorable, and they are scheduled
to give the proposal a final review later
this month after it has been thoroughly
discussed by the faculty. That is occur-
ring now.

No Inhibition

The fact of the matter is that both
Potts and Berk would be out the door
if the usual AAUP guidelines were foll-
owed, and it may very well be il‘-' the
contract system will save iiir-r obs
for historians are scarce, even iii-o-
fessors as qualified as Bark and Potts,
Potts says that the new system is “ a
very Welcome thing" since "it alliiiys
faculty members to be judged on the
basis of merit." ()verall, he seems very
much in favor of the proposal.

When asked whether the contract
system might riihibit his academic frei-
iloiii, Potts responded that he has the
AAlr'l’ to protect him. lle does not
think that a coiiirail renewal would be
subject to political pressures because of
the nature of the i-valiiatory system at
Union l'lrrr-h lacnliy member must be
evaluated by two openly elected sep-
arale panels of faculty and students
who are openly elected, and no ad-
ministrator can therefore gain so much
power as to deny a man tenure if the
paiieb |)Li.\|ilV-‘l)’ recommend hint.

lloili Potts and Berk are popular
ll'.it‘llt‘l‘n, so the students reaction ill
the ill.iil .rt l'nioii has been largely fay
oi‘alile.

'l'lie l'niirri plan has received consid-
vrable nation Wide publicity. 'l'liere
were two articles about it in the .Vi'it'
it’l'li Ilium and a full page spri I in
the ('liI'uII/r'lc of Higher lt‘dircutiuli. But
most of llil' reaction has come from
schools outside the l'apitol District.
and much of it has been negative.
(‘oniinents Enteman' "It seems like
we've touched a wrong nervv some-
where."

tsim emi- '

_ veled at the speed (or lack of it) with
i which the elevators in the campus cen- ,

 

' .Zﬁ-W

the Machines
by Phil Chansky '
Pinball machines aren't the

wonder if we’re on the verge of a ful

ﬂedged revolt of the mechanisms the

mankind has invented to make his exis .
tence more comfortable. are'
typewriters whose ribbons refuse to re-
verse, electric eyes in elevators which
choose to have selective perception,
and of course car motors that refuse tog}

turn over. :
Speaking about elevators (I’m glad;
you mentioned that.) who hasn't mar-'

ter travel between their four stops’.‘ It :'
was probably some genius who decided
that because the world around us was
going too fast, he would give the in-
habitants of this school time to med
into between floors. The worst dra
back is that one can slowly wonde
why the trip is taking so long, and
upon pressing the ‘open door’ button
find himself still in the basement. 0
that after becoming accustomed
them, one may go into cardiac arres
when using other forms of transports
tion.

The dollar changing machine is has
ally a binary operation: it can accep
or reject your dollar (or a reasonablc
facsimile thereof). Other vending mach
ines have a more varied repertoire
'l‘liey can return any one of a numbe
of possiblities for your change -- (i
better yet, can snicker as they let you
money fall through and back out
coin return, no matter how many tim
you try to spin, rotate, or mutilal
your coin. If one becomes too ‘
tient or snippy, it is likely
machine in question will decide ‘to he
with you, buddy' and filch your mon-
ey. And how many people really try t _
get a refund on their lost money'.’ And
who's the administrator going to be-
'eve, you or the machine?

EVcryone has their own favorite
scapegoat. computer students blame
hopeless programs on the Univa
reaching wrong numbers are attribute
to Ma Hell and catching the elevator
going tip (no matter how slowly) even
though the character pressed both but»
tons results in “that stupid elevator!

The desire to make life easier '.
resulted in electric lighting tused effect-
ively to illuminate the empty libiary at
100 in the morning). steam radiators
(turned on in some dorms Augu.
"Jillil, and newspaper machines (whose
pring door mutilated your hand before
you can snatch out a copy of your
favorite tabloid).

Anyone for a 4-way can-opener and
wart-remover?

 

 

 

 

 

FRIDAY, APRIL 6, 1973

 

$.75 with tax card

albany stat-e cinema

the Garden of
the Fnzi-
Saturday, April 7

LC 78
7:30 and 70:00

Academy Award Winner-
Best Foreign Film l972

Continis

Academy Awiiﬂbcst fiirrizn filni

"iliri train! of genius is oncu again airiteni."
Judrlli Cirsl, New trait Mngaiiiic

$1.25 without
was

hit GARDIN 0i illt ilNIl CONIINIS has been heralded as
diicrtur Vittuiin De Sica‘s relurn tn the excellence of
his early lllllIS, IllE BlCYClE Illltf, SlltltSllth and
UhlBtllIlI ll.

the lllflilla is set in Italy in liliii. when Mussolini‘i

lllll Seiiiilic EllIElS began in ISOlﬂlE the laws liniii

ilierr corririnriiities, Illlltillg them were llir find-Continis,
an aristocratic it-wrsti Iaiiiily turtcil In the tail that to
atiniuwlertgu the wuitii beyond in lt‘litbll gaidnn.
Doiirrrirqiie Sarah and a prritiinirriarilly iiun professional
can contribute iriie pciluiinaiicrs.

lrileireliginui filin Award
lluli'iliril tuurv xl al Churches
‘rlirrzugur Council at America
U 3 Ltlirulri Conn-rear:

“it hauntineg beautiful IItuVlE, brilliantly cniiceivcﬂ
airrl llJnllEily irallteit"

Hun-reel

'liurte iiiaricltuui A llEBllllltll surprise,"
l'aulriiw our New Yuikt‘l

"Ouiclly tuntliing. aclilngiy tannin."
lime Magazine

"May well in the loveliust liliii ul tlra year."
llullis Alprll, Saturday ileviiiw

 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE THIRTEEN

 

