  

 

 

 

I Hunsberger...”

continued front page 1

tcrday afternoon that there
wotild be no immediate com-
ittetit on the Goldstein state-
ment. and President Benezet iii-
dicated the same.

Benezet added that if Gold-
stein really desires a response, lte
will ask the President directly
rather than use the ASP as an
intermediary. Benezet also said
that Hunsberger was the “best
candidate at the time" the
search committee conducted
their deliberations. aitd that
Hunsbergcr‘s past had, indeed.
been examined

Deati Huiisberger was unavail-
lble for comment,

***

Why. then. was l-lunsberger
brought here in the first place‘.’
One explanation holds that the
reason Httnsbeiger was hired
here is essentially the satire rea-
son the prevrotis Dean. William
0. l’cilnitittcr was fired. ll ap-
pears that l’crlnitltter's piohleni
\\.Is he sided Wllll students too
otteii llierc was the extremely
volatile case of Rhetoric and
l’uhltc Address l’lofcssoi Jetty
Wagncl. whom the students and
l’eillntltlci strolleg backed. bill
\\liotii othei adltuiilslialois
opposed l’eiloiuttct was also
active til the student strike and
gznc plo-stilkc speeches iii the
\illllpllh ccnlci halliooln.

09‘-

or“

 

PACE SIX

$99.

One of the major components
of the tenure decision process is
the letter of transmittal written
by the Arts and Sciences Dean.
Perlmutter's transmittal letter
dealing with Wagner was highly
favorable and strongly recom-
mended that he be kept.

Writing that letter proved
“fatal” to Perlmutter, for the
Monday after it was submitted
his ﬁles were reportedly moved
from his office and he was al-
legedly handed a credit card and
told to take a “permanent vaca-
tion."

Needless to day, the admini-
stration overrode Perlmutter‘s
positive recommendation, and
fired Wagner anyway. The result
of that was sortie of the most
violent student demonstrations
this campus has ever seen.

Thus, the adltiinistration began
looking for a man to replace
l’erlmuttcr, they wattted a “liar-
lincr" someone who would
reﬂect their owrt views onten-
tire cases. They settled on lluns-
herger.

Whether they were aware ol'all
the details of llunsbelger's past
I\ iiol certain. It is celtaitt, how-
ever, that not everyone on the
search committee did. One colit-
inittee member recently said
that she did ilot have “any idea"
about exactly who she was vot-
ing for since she had met lltlns-

 

 

bergcr only briefly aiid knew
little about him.

cing the litial declsioii. Arid iitost
importantly, a lot of people are
wondering whether llunsbeigcr
really was brought ltcrc as a
“hatchet titan."

Wltatcver the case. the fact

faculty members on this campus
who are upset with the function—

T he Class of ’76

presents

“THE FIRST ANNUA
BEER PARTY-PICNIC”

on May 4th at Mohawk Campus

FRESHMEN FREE

ALL OTHERS $1.00

Buses leave from behind the
Campus Center
every half hour starting 3 pm

LB. and tax card required
Wu”
MMMW

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

The Goldstel'n letter

I was astonished by the report, that appeared on the front page of last Friday‘s ASP I
do not know how well informed the rest of the faculty were until your report appeared-
I was astounded to learn that Dean Hurlsberger had been forced to resign from in;
former position as Dean of Arts and Sciences at the UniVersity ofMassaChuseth. You-r
report speciﬁed the exnct dates and terms on which Mr. Hunsberger had misled the
History faculty at U. Mass and it noted that he resigned five days after being confronted
with documentary evidence at a public meeting.

Ironically, your report appeared on the same day that the Acting Director of [lit'
F.B.I. was also forced to resign. As it professional perjurer, it seems, he was too tainted
for even the Nixon thugs to stay in office.

if we are to avoid our own Watergate crisis on campus, it strikes me it would llt‘
advisable for President Benezet or someone else in the Administration to comment on
your startling disclosure. Speciﬁcally, students and faculty should be informed:

1. Were the causes of Hunsberger‘s resignation understood in Albany when he was rim
appointed as Dean of A&S;

2. If the causes were known, how were they explained to the Search committee and 1,,
the Board of Trustees;

3. If they were not known, what further action will the Administration take to rip...
its own record? '

The “credibility gap" dividing this Administration from students and faculty in
widened severely in recent months. Rulings made by the President and his subordiniith;
have been sharply questioned in the pages of the ASP and their “leadership” has bacon“.
the subject of contrOVersial debate.

It will be highly unfortunate (if not downright suspicious) if the Admiillstr‘ilii
failed to clarify the important issues raised in your report before the ASP puljlislilvs .l“
last edition for the year in two weeks' time. We must await the President‘s I‘CSpUll-sl‘ Willi
eager curiousity »- and possibly some anxiety. I

Walter (ioldstclii

 

iiigs of the Arts and Sciences deep concciii lllt'l"

Sii‘otkin‘s views were in inlltlen-

 

 

 

:.lt

S _“ I 1 College. and the discussion a meeting was tall.» it .. rm.
it to be determined is how about calling an extraordinary and the issue \\ i« ll to t\

. '. .. u ' ‘ ‘ ‘ l V ll ill J l
slrottg Vice-PTLSIdUii l’lilllip laculty meeting reflects that shootings Ill

 

Planned Parenthood

Children by choice. Not chance.

For further information, write Planned l’iti'l‘llllllttul

that there are many
Box 431, Radio City Station. New York, N Y tool“

 

 

 

~89

 

WWIIlllllllllllllllllllltllll



f/

MAY 1, 1973

l

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

"I'm abilitilt‘iil‘lig drip, tlit' r
bottom of this tilesxl"

In an l’ul'lll‘l' column it was mistakenly
reportt-tl that the (Thalrtnan of thc (ieoge
riiplty Department resigned ‘lin account
of Hunsbcrger" It was, ill fact, the
Geology Dcptirtmeni head wlto rl-signt-(l.
l'lchVer, there are reports that Geogr
raphy, too, is experiencing rather poor
relations with the Arts and Sciences
officc. 'l‘heir departmental offices were
rather abruptly moved from the third to
the first floors of the main Social
Sciences building. 'l‘hcir old quarters are
now occupied by Dean liunsberger's ofe
l'iccs, (Iornmcntcd an irate department
member, “Why didn’t he just take the
whole building?"

The Geology Department head, on the
other hand, left because he was “fed up"
with the Arts and Sciences Dean. At the
time he stepped down, he was in the
process of pulling togctlicr what would
have been a world renowned team in
tectonics. Apparently his efforts him- all
gone down the drain, as other sources
report that "people are lcavmg left and
right."

'l‘licre hilh also l)|‘t'i| word tlitil llirmcr
associatc (ll‘illl s Smiley and WliceIi-r lcft
for similar reasons

'l‘hl-rl- is, intlt-l-d, something rotten iii
llll‘ Hliitl- ll of Ncw Ylil‘lt ill Albany

40‘

A sotirci- iii llll' (‘hcinistry Department
reports that Dr King, former Chairman,
proposed that Dean lluitslicrger I’l't'I'lVl‘ ii
.si-iiioi l'al'ulty position in that ticpiirl
inciit, givnig him a Jul) to fall bitch on if
iii-cried King t'l)ll|l]lllll‘tl himself to
strongly pushing the llunsbl-rger appoint
inl-nt, but ho unfortunately could not
ill-live: lluiisbi-rgl-r was ltiitii-tl down for
llil‘ piisl itl lriigc purl hl‘i'illlhl‘ lH‘ liiltl tloiii-
no octch work in his fit-lil still'l' lit-ilig
t‘liaiiiiiiin of tho ('liemntlry ill-piirlliicnl at
llll‘ ll ol Massachusetts bitch in lilti‘: 'l‘lii-
lh-ati apparently hilt. wrilll-li no research
during the past lt'll yclira, and

papers
ill)1’tt‘lit‘llllillhllll wltil'li ll)

llil-ii-l'iil'i- has

be itillgi-tl
'l‘liiit also i'xpliiiiis why King is no

llc was It‘ptrllt‘lily cased

tlitigl‘i With its
to "tli'llvcr

out lH'l'iHJhl‘ oi lllh itiiilalilv

 

Something Rotten in the State U.

  
  

by (ifvllil l'tJH Nostl't:
the goods."

The new chairman, l'l.L, Frisch, doesn't.
seem to be doing so well either. There has
been word that he may very well be
replaced by a man from Cal Tech and
that. there is a large cash deal involved.
Sources say that Hunsberger is willing to
pay $100,000 just to set up the Cal Tech
t:andidate.;'s experimentation equipment.

What seems to bother most people
about such an expense is that they think
the $100,000 could be better used im-
proving undergraduate teaching in the

department.
tit

In the last ASP he was mistakenly
referred to as “Richard Della Grotto." His
real name is Joseph Della Grotto and he
was a history professor at U Mass when
Hunsberger was Arts and Sciences Dean
there. He says that he was officially
informed, without reasons, that his con-
tract would not be renewed. Prior to his
dismissal he had been wanted of the
possible "consequences" which might re-
sult from his outspokeness.

Apparently, Della Grotto had backed
the cause of "student freedoms" and had
raised “critical ideas," its he called them,
in the classroom particularly in hlri course
on European Intellectual History. lluns
burger had called his teaching “irresponsi-
l)lt‘ "

After lutlllg dismissed Della (irotte
wrote a statement explaining why he had
been released, and gave it. to the U Muss
student newspaper. in the statement he
said that he could not understand why
tbl- administration “feels threatened by
criticism and oulﬁpokcncss" and, even
more significantly, he said that “it
appears that good teaching not only does
not count, but may actually work against
you "Sound familiar"

There were the usual pt‘liltullh, int-ct-
lugs, and so forth till mined at sitvuig Ul-llii
(irottv, btit llH‘y failed. The mail lluns»
licrgl-r ilisliltctl was dismissed.

(hi ll'rltltiy Ilctiiili; surrounding the
closing of it it Mass or! exhibit, reports of
nits-sing iirt fluids, and “‘0 case of the
niissuig I'ileti . or, "The Hear it] the

Files.’ ‘ I .

     

"God bless America."
Richard M. Nixon

A Decision Out of Division

The ASP editorial board is deeply divided on the question ofa presid—

cntizil endorsement iii thc upcoming SA elections.

One faction is solidly in support of Steve Gerber. Gerber is a long-time

member of Central Council, and argutncnts in his favor claim he has often

stood up strongly for student rights. and that his involvement itt Student

Association has been serious and has invested hint with tltc necessary exper-
icncc to run student govcriiinclit.

The other faction is in support oft
btlt the division was deep enough that the cditv

tit-endorsement. The no-cndorseincnt

faction Won the filial vote.

orial board decided as .1 whole that its editorial reflect that division rather

suggest it was a unanimous opinion.

The diagrccmcnt was between those who favored (icrbcr, and those who

favored all abstention. One of the objections to a non-endorsement claimed

that such a position would increase student apathy and hinder a large turn—

out at the polls.
Those who favored a noticndorscmcttt were divided among themselves.

(ict'bcr was dislikcd because it was though he was capable of being manipul-

ated. And also bccausc it was thought he cared more for being clecred that
what he would do once he was elected.
Craig Jenkins was not endorsed, because. first. no one knew hint well
enough to make a judgment. jenkins is Vicel’rcsidcitt of EDP SA. and bc~
callsc E()l’ SA often runs into
poor choice to help design SA's $500,000 yearly budget.

Paul Rockwell is a freshman. and although he might be. for example. a

it was thought he could not yet have

financial trouble. some felt he would he a

good addition to Central (:Ullllt ii,
gained the necessary experience to run Student Associcarloli.
Although this is a non-cndorscmcnr editorial. that does not mean any»
thing even approaching disinterest or apathy helped to determine it. just

tlic opposite. It was difficult to decide which faction was more determined

to win its point. Although the ASP editorial board lscndorsing no one for

pr'SlLlL’lll, ills ill)SIL'll[lt)|l docs HUI lllL‘illl It docs HUI L‘llCtllll’ilgL' L'VCT)’(Jl1L‘[D

s be can when he sees something which. our ofconsciciicc.

member of the editorial board (lid.

SWCilf ilS lUULl 21

he cannot accept. Every

‘4.

Davis for Veep

The choice for Vice-President is difficult. Barry Davis has Worde long
and hard in Student Association. He has always stood up strongly for
StUtlL’llI rights, and he has a reputation for opcnanilidedncss and
pct'scvcraiice. 'l‘hc ASP chooses to endorse Barry Davis for Vice-President.
'l‘hroughout the recent budget hearings, Davis Worked hard to defend the
rights of individual groups against unfair budget cuts. As a member of
Central Council and as Chairperson of (iricvaitcc Committee, be has never
sacrificed what he sees as the good of the University for the sake of

pcrslilial advalitagc. We urge you to votc May 2nd. 5rd. and 4th.

 

 

 

   
     

. . v
1 Technical Advertising
- {WHANV' '
" All!" lob dilttsli lllldd lliule
Founded in 1910 “I W" "5"“ demo“
malt ineycl BUSINESS
Lditor-in-Chief Lditorial Pages Circulation pint mark
gaiy llLtJdldl gluon von nostril .oo wood tulry dlblecht
News Arts Lxchaiige Ad Production
anti e bunker andy pattey tnaik Iltcofsky dabble kaemen
iiiiody Altman bill blind phologmphy sheila sthenkein

gaiy sussman
Classified Ads

cathy gatlek
Graffiti

luttt Sibley

kdtliy eckei It:
Off Campus
bob mayor
dainty loss
Preview
tattle ddvis

iay toscnbelg
davld stawsky

Sports
liltlce maggot
‘ I
k“ d'du'nu lauded by stud-mi i...
vlitiii-t't'IJ‘Jh ptiliiii' Ali/I’l‘tll

latitoiiat polity is Ulltiultlltllltti iw llll‘ Litiloiiat Hoallt

 

 

 

