 
  

     
 
 

   
  
     

 ~ -

  

graham...
c.“ _ .__.,.~V__..A.A A...
X.

(.24:

n; wwk'J‘J—v‘ u

“A.

man

.5-

 

it
.
3.
1!.
l
a

 

 

 

 

 

 

Foreigners Feel Brunt Of

Tuition Waivers Outback

A $4 million cutback in tui-
tion waivers has been labelled
“really disastrous“ for the
thousands of foreign students
enrolled in the SUNY system.
International student advisors
at each of the four University
Centers has condemned the

I973 session of the State
Legislature for severely
hampering foreign student

programs.

The Legislature‘s decision to
place an S I million ceiling on
tuition waivers forces schools
to grant waivers only to eleigi-
ble returning foreign students.
No new international students
are receiving waivers this fall.

As a result. three of the four
Centers have seen as marked
decrease in the number of new
foreign student enrollments.
Albany‘s new admissions have
dropped from 95 to 56. and
Buffalo's from 250 to I60.
Stony Brook has witnessed a
one-third decreasae in new in-
ternational students. Only
Binghamton. whose 225
foreign students represent the
smallest number among the
Centers. has not suffered.

Many international students
who already were accepted by
SUNY had to be turned down
at the last minute because ofthe
legislative action. The waiver
reduction meant that they no
longer had access to the full
S3500 which is required of'any
foreign student for his or her
first year in this country.

Another negative effect of
the waiver cutback is the dif-
ficulty SUNY is having

honoring its reciprocal
agreements with such
organizations as the Afro-
American Institute and
American Friends of the Mid—
dle ﬁrst. In the words of one in-
ternational student advisor. the
state sysystem is “cutting off its
own nose“ by refusing to ac-
comodate foreign students at a
fair exchange rate with
Americans studying abroad.

The Legislature‘s decision
signifies the reversal ofa tuition
waiver program begun in I955
and increased in I966.

Because of the “serious un-
met needs“ recognized by ad-
visors and undergraduates.
associations of international
students may resort to private
fund-raising campaigns. This is
especially true of individual
foreign students whose
brothers and sisters were
denied admission because of
the cutbacks. But a number of
concerned people admit that
the only hope for future foreign
students lies in a favorable
response from January‘s ses-
sion of the State Legislature.

Lobby Demands
Veto Override

The National Student Lobby an—
nounced support for a veto
oycrride of a bill to continue fun-
ding for student financial aid for
the next year.

“I'he slash in student financial
aid will not only make it difficult
for thousands of students to return
to college. but it will also mean a
defictt for many colleges which will

 

 

 

ﬂl saitv emu} ttritrmi
Never Released in the U. S.
Chaplin’s look at America in the 1950's

 

an rbc films presentation

 

 

 

 

3A King mmew dirk
‘wntten, directed and scoed by Charles Chaplin1
Sunday, Nov. 4
2:30, 7:00, 9:30
LC 18

TICKETS AT DOOR

 

funded

 

 

be passed on to students in higher
tuition and fees next fall." states
Layton Olson. Executive Director
of the National Student Lobby.

Olson cited a number of par-
ticular programs that will be hurt
by a veto of the Labor. Health,
Education and Welfare Ap-
propriations bill. including the
new Basic Opportunity Grant
Programs (loss of $380 million).
state scholarship programs (loss of
$30 million). veterans cost-of-
instruction beneﬁts (loss of $25
million). and graduate
fellowships.

Both the House as a whole and
the Senate Appropriations Labor-
HEW Subcommittee have passed
Labor. Health. Education and
Welfare Appropriations providing
SI .2 and SLR billion more than the
President wants to spend. The bill
includes funding for the National
Direct Student Loan Program
($293 million in 3 percent interest
loans made by colleges) and
Supplemental Education Oppor-
tunity Grants (SZIO million)three
programs the Administration is
attempting to terminate. A
presidential veto is expected based
on Administration policy stated
this September.

lhis is the biggest vote of the
year for students." added Jefff
Barichero. Education Director for
the National Student Lobby.
"because it hits every sty'udent in
the pocketbook and strikes at
promises of both political parties
that students not be denied access
to a college education for financ-
ial reasons. Both middle income
students and low income students
are being priced out of the educa-
tion market by sky-rocketing tui-
tion and fees. and at the same time.
by reduction of graduate and un-
dergraduate student financial aid."

In a related matter.
Banchcro said the National Stu-
dent lobby is demanding Con-
gressional changes in the Federal
(iuaranteed Student Bank Loan
Program. which is in a state of
crisis with a 40 percent decrease in
bank loans to students this falloyer
fall I972. “Many students did not
make If back to school this fall
because of the unnecessary imposi-
tron of a complicated ‘needs test'
\\ firch is making it \ery difficult for
students from families with in-
comes front SI I.0f)0 to SIS.UUO per
year to get a batik loan." said
Hartchcro

lftc \tttioiral Student lobby is
turning with thc \\ ashrngion based
L't‘dflfltlll tlf L‘dUCillltllI ilSSttt‘liIIltillx
Committee for I‘ll“ funding of
I'drtctttron programs. and thc
('o.rlitrori on Human \ccdx rrr lltt‘

closely

yctooycriidc i-florrtoohtirrnfunds
for many tltllllL’SIlL‘ programs

 

HILTON MUSIC
UNLIMITED

 

NORTHWAY MALL. COLONIE
PYRAMID MALL, SARATOGA
Carrying a complete’
(line of: f
f DRUMS I
AMPS
RENTALS AND LESSONS
AVAILABLE
$1.99
All 8 Track and Count!“

tJ-er smn, YROY
GUITARS
PA’s ST EREOS "SLACC:f
All Albums

:2.”

      

H IL'I'ON‘S HAS
ALL!

 

 

 

NEWS BRIEFS

TH E SINAI (AP) - The ﬁrst emergency supplies reached 20.000 Egyp-
tian troops stranded in the Sinai Desert on Monday and Israel offered to
swap 7.000Arab POW‘s for 450 Israelis held by Syria and Egypt..

Egypt denied claims that Israel ever held Suez city at the southern end of
the Suez Canal.

Israel‘s 75-year old premier, paid a ﬂying visit Monday to Israeli troops
inside Egypt West of the Suez Canal.

Mrs. Meir flew in an Israeli air force helicopter to Israiel positions on
both sides of the canal. including visits to positions on the west bank taken
by Israel in the latest Mideast war.

Israeli and Egyptian officers met for a third time on Monday in Israeli-
held Egyp on the Cairo-Port Suez road. They took up the prisoner of war
issue but no details were released, They agreedto hold further meetings.

NAIROBI(AP)- Ugan-
da‘s military government ordered U.S. Maring guards at the US. Embassy
in Kampala out ofthe country within 48 hours. The government accused
the Marines of subversive activities. Embassy spokesmen declined to com—
merit.

LONDON (AI’) - 'I'wo million men. women and children face death by
starvation in Ethiopia, it was reported here. Severe droughts over the last
two years have destroyed harvests and 88 percent ofthat nation‘s cattle. the
United Kingdom Disasters Emergency Fund said.

MONTEVIDEO (APHhc director ofthe national university and about
Ibtl officials we re arrested for allegedly converting the school into a “center
of Marxist agitation." President Juan M. M. Bordaberry‘s anti-Marxist
government decreed the closing of the school. and military troops occupied
the campus.

PHNOM PEN H (A P)- Field reports said insurgents gained the initiative
on embattled Highway 6. assaulting three government positions and stall-
ing a government reliefdrive. Hundreds of insurgent inﬁltrators reportedly
crossed the Tonle Sap River from the east to take control ofthe roadto the
rice-growing region.

MOS(‘0W (AP) - Novelist Alexander Solzhenitsyn said Soviet
authorities were behind a threat on the life of physicist Andrei Sakharov by
two men who claimedtobe Arabterrorists. Sakharov,a leading Soviet dis-
sident. has reported on Oct II that the two men entered his apartment and
threatened to kill him.

“ASHINGTON (AP) -A special representative of Egyptian President
Anwzrr Sadat arrived here Monday for talks with Secretary of State Ilcnry
A. Kissinger and possiny President Nixon.

Ismail Fahmy. acting Egyptian foreign minister and a close iissoctatc of
Sadat. was greeted at the airport by Asst. Secretary of State Joseph Sisco. a
leading I'. S. expert on the MideastFahmyicclinc-d tospeaktoreporters
Howcyer. he is reported to have brought a letterf'rom Sadat to Nixon deal-
ing with the opening of Arab-Israeli negotiations.

State Department spokesman Robert J. McCloskey said he knew of no
specific proposals being carried by Fahmy. However. the spokesman add—
cd. "‘rt is fair to say his \isil represents the beginning of a diSCUSSttin. loo-
king toward the finding of a means to begin negotiations."

Egy pt initiated the visit and Kissinger agreed to meet with I‘ahmy during
a w or krnglitncli Iuesday at the State Department. American officials were
indcl'rtrttc on a I‘ahmy-N'ixotr meeting. but Egyptian sourcesindicntcd such
a discussion IS probable.

WASHINGTON (AP)- Secretary of State Henry A. Kissinger stiysthar ltc
bclteycs chrrnccs for a Middle hast pC’dL'C scttlcmcttt are good. thslnucf
bricfcd the House I-tireigti Affairs Committee on the situation He later
told ncwstiicn that each side in tlic Middle Last warf'shoufti franc learned
the rttrpossrbifrty of continuing thcconditiotis that ptoduccdthts conflict "

\\.«\SIIIN(£'I'()N (AP) — I'hc special staff that scr‘y cd under the foiiricr
special \\atcig;ttc prosecutor. -\i'cliibald Cox is intact and functioning
Ilctiiy S Ruth. dcptity special pt‘osccutor. told a llousc Judiciary \IIthIIlt'

 

 

 

 

   

 

irtittcc lhc ptiiicl ripprm cd .i bill to extend for six months IflL lifc of tltt'
\\.itcru.itc urtind llll\. which was due to expire Dec 4.

\\ \SIIING'I'ON (AP) - lhc f’cntirgtiir says [flth the I titted Stirtcx. rIi
tcspiittsc to the continuing buildup of Soyict IIiI\ilf \Itt'tltlllt in the \lcd
tlitciitriicarr. IS \L’lltflllg. :i itiiricr task form: into the flItfl.tIl t ILL‘iIII ()lltctdh
mid .r dccrxron has not bccri iir.ikt~oir \\fIL'ffIL'I thcf otcc williorrtrrirrt- toward
lltc \frddlc f.t\f

\\ \SIIING'IOV (AP) - flic \ryoir iltlllllllhlliflltlfl tlethf t tIIlL'IL'SS tn
\flt‘l\t’ tcirtporrtiily thc I’icsrticrit‘yrccorirriicritfrrtroirto hbcralr/c tr.rdc with

pirstlitilr

tltc Soyrct l nioti f’L‘It‘l. I-ftrirrgnir. White House tidyisor. \ilItf thc

would change If it satisfactory pcacc settlement is reached in thc \lrifdlc f.t\l

NE“ YORK (AP) - Matty cry rc and flllSlfleS groups liityccriiicclcd or c Ill
back on plans for ('ht rsttrrtis tlccoititiotis Ifth ycar Ill an attempt to ttIIISt'I \c
power. an \sstu‘ltflt: f’rcss survey shows.

[be problems stcm lrotit .i general Itrcl shortage. corrrphcritcd b\ t iit

backs ttt Arab oil piodttctioir because of the Middle last war

WEATHER

Mohawk \ulfey:

l pper Hudson Valley:

Rain possbey heavy III times and windy tonight. Rain continuing 'I am-
day. ending Tuesday nlglit. l’urtlul clearing Wednesday. Little change iii
temperature. Lovvstotrightfnthe low 40's. Highs 'l‘uesdayinthe iriidto up-
per 40's. Lows Tuesday night around 40. Highs Wednesday near 50.
Precipitation probability near I00 percent tonightﬁll) per cent Tuesday and
60 per cent Tuesday night. Winds easterly l0 to lit with higher gusts
tonight. beconilng northeast to north to to 20 and gusty Tuesday.

 

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

TUESDAY. OCTOBER 30. 1973

 

__ >- «m.

 

 

 

 

shapiro

bio;

must go through in his daily life.

On Awareness Day.lstudents got to discover what the handicapped

by Nancy Alblugh

“Let‘s get Campus Awareness
Day rollingl“invoked AI DeGraff.
president of the Students for the
Improvement of Programs for the
Handicapped(. SIPH). as he
opened Campus Awareness Day's
convocation last Thursday. in
front of the campus center. And
roll it did!

The purpose of C-A Day was to
make the administrators. faculty.
and students aware ofthe problems
encountered by the physically fian-
dicapped students on the SUNYA
campus.

Spending less time on rhetoric
and more on tfic actual encourage-
mctit of participation. the SII’H
members provided wheelchairs for
over (if) people. including President
Bone/ct. Dean of Student Life
Ncol Ilrown. Assistant Dean for
Student life Ralph Bicslcr.

Director of SUNYA Health Scr-
viccs Dr. Janet flood. Assistant
Director of Security Karl Scharl.
and Director of Women‘s Physical
Iiducation and Chairman of the
I‘niycrsity Scnatc Edith (‘obancu
all of whom were present at the
brief 9‘00 am. convocation.

Iicrtc/ct. whose long legs looked

Students Debate Tenure Practices

by Judy Skolnick

last spi'tng's surge of student
with the tenure
\_\\IL‘|111SIIUIU\CI.'f ucsday ntght.a
group of forty students met in the

tflsxltflsfilclltin

f'IIL'SItlL’ lounge to discuss \\’f‘fttl
could bc done to Iipr the qualified
professors from bcirig kicked out
for apparently Illl]IISl reasons. Ihc
two titiiior complaints yorccd were
that the systcttt allowed for
pl'trlt'xxttlS to hc itidgcd irroic frigh-
ly on their publishingrccoi‘tlrather
lfl‘illl tcrtcliirig :rbifrtrcs. and that
IIIIS dccrsron lL'SIL’Lf solely in thc
hands of President IIcirc/ct.

llic ftlL'cIllltl. flL'tlthd by four
ftrflttl'lt'l. Michael Swart/ zitrd
fittt'f\ le\I\ began with air cy-
pltrrr.rtroit of tlrctciiiiic systctir.

Itttlct lltc
[lltrlLNstIl IS cligiblc to apply for

[\ICSL‘III sy SICIII ti
tcrtrrtcriftci Slk ycriis. llrc lllSl
pi oblcirt Is one of the
beam 0 .ctrrcy. llic ctiiitlrtfatc rs tiri-
ftkcly tir c\cti bc considered ltii
[entire unit“ ftc oi SIlCIS sci'yirrghis
last yc.ri urrdcr contract lhrityctri
termed the
" \s Vicc f’t'csi-
been
known to \ft). orin in C\L‘t:plltiflllf

is tttirsl coirrriroiily
“rrriiridiitoty ycttr

dctit I’lirhp Srrotkirr fins

ciictirristririccs can ti teacher or
.tsxtsltitil IllUfL‘\St)I Icccnc Ictttttc If
he IN riot in ftly rririrrdritoi‘y \ctri

flrc ctiiidttfttlc rrrtt\t lllSl hc
ictoirriiictrdctl hy fl|\ ifcptrt‘liircrrt
ll frc |\ tirilikctl hy fllxtlt‘pttfllltclll
lot ItIi\ fL'iI‘ytlIl flIS pcltliriir IS
\ft’llft'tl fflL' trcyt \It‘ll |Il\tlf\CS tlic
p.ittttttl.ri ctrlfcgt' ll tltc dcpnrt
Illt‘flf IS unpopular with tliccollcgc
lllt'fl ffl|\ r.iir pit-writ .rti tlf‘l‘IIIL’fL'
\L'\f ll lflllSl git IIIt'ttllllIIlIIL‘L‘Sillltf
tfrcii IrI tfrt' t lllflltlf tlf l’roiirotiirii
.irnlt oritrrriiiirg \ppuiirtirrcrrt llrc
irony of Iftt‘ \\\lt'tll I\ that ii
pin-Ii-mri t.f|| fiL' .ippttiyctf fry .rll
lltt‘ .rlrmc and ffll\ tfl‘tl\|tlfl can fit'
iiycittitirctf fry f‘lt‘Sltft'lll Ik'ttc/ct
fllt‘r .|f\\tlfllft' puwci is qttcslitrtictl
fI\ llfc SIlftlt'lllS

'\trotlrcr ptohlciri IfIISL’tl was trf
tlrc basin for t‘\tlfllilfltlll of
pttilt’ssrify for tctrtirc lhc cirtcrta
irrc IfIL‘ pirilcs.~riri'~r ilfllflfIL'S its
SL'fltlfitl and {IS tcriclicr, his or her
rriiistcry of scholriily llIifIL'lItIf and
tiiirc given to tlllllL’ISlH scryicc.

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 30.

and continual growth llicsc

gurdclitrcs. liowcyct. arc ad-
Illllllsll'fllltlll regulations and do
not him: to he followed as it law. As
a mic. the administration at our
school \zihtes publishing ability
met all others.

A ptittctri was shown that
IL‘thflL‘l's who taught graduate
students and did more research
\\ctc tciirticd bcforc or instead of
pi irlcxsots who taught urt-
dcigizrdiitrtc cotrr’scs. ll \\tt\ chitin»
cd that thc tidtnrtirstrrttroii \\ISflt:\
to develop their gl‘dtltlfflc schools
and lfllN rsthc sy \IL'III lhcy tirc using
to lillSL‘ tftc \ttttus rrf lls icpirtrrt ioir
ffrc tcchniqtic for granting tctriitc
Is to \L'lltl tfrc ptirlcssoi‘s Iitlfiflsftc'tf
ririitcrrtil out to .i cotrrinittcc of his
profcssrorirtlcollcrtgricsto lictridgc
If If IS rtidgcd highly fftc piolcwri f.\
gcrrcrrilly gtrrirtctl tctiurc. without
regard to his tcrrcltrirgrrbrlity. ltriir

lor‘tor‘rci trigtics. "Ictichirig

.hotild bc moic equal. and wc trt'c
tfic Stth' t.‘\itfllt|ft’l\ rtr thrrt srtiiti-
lion “
f)l\ttf\\|l)tl then turned to
Iltrrrxlicigcr. the alleged "hatclict-
man" who was hired as

“can of the ('ollcgc of Ar is and
Sciences fifSI year to gcl ird of all
thc pcoplc that tfic Adriirrtrstrrrtirin
did not Iikc It was SillLl that alth he
did fllS dirty work licic. Itc was
qrrrctly .trid Stffcf) shipped off to
Oklahoma to do tlrc Sztfllt‘ tltctc
fltc point was raised that a
('fIL‘lIIle IS III III] [Hfbfflflfl II)
cyrtluirtc air I righin rcrrclici‘srrbili-
l\

llrcic Is in thc tcrriiic systcinoiic
.ry t‘ftllt' of appeal lhrs was propos»
cd fry I‘ltifip Sittrtkiii. \'tcc I’tcst-
‘\flitllS Ihis

piotttltiri‘ iillowx for an ttppctfl

fft’llf of \trtdttiiit
IIIIf\ with lhc Slff‘llltlSSIUll til Ilt‘\\
cyidciitc fflc f\pc of cyrdcricc
lrowcycr was ricycr clearly defined
fflk‘ sttrdcrrts called for an opening
tip tlf why and how decisions are
rrrridc

r\ prtrptrsitf will be made at the
Scirrttc tiiccliiig on Novciithcr 5 at
l l5 to make Siiotkrrr‘s tircnio into
law All students are risked to get
their senators out to vote against
this proposal. 'fhc premise is to

1973

titttkc Stfl‘t‘ that the ntcmoi‘tindtrtii
tcrrchcs cycryonc first and that
"new ctidcncc" no longer be in-
cftrdcd III the memo for rc—
cytrluatiorr to ttrkc place. A sit—in
discussion will take place in thc
f'ff'CSlth‘ lounge at 2:30 to show
that students do care. All students
at the rncctiiig wcretit'gcd to talk to
IL‘II others and get support to be
lftct'c fflIS is designed to hcti coir-
\fIIIL'II\t.‘ rally to show concern.

is an exqu

re - - - -
A s metal film for specraf
au iences,for devotees
of' Hesse’s novels, for
admirers of' the exotic,
and for everyone

who wants to be
adv_enturous

in film going.”

"Both in music and

visible beauty

the lcture is a
con inuing delight?

-—ARCHER WINSIEN N V Pull

"Impossiny
beautiful to the
eye. Visually
exqutsne.”

—-BERNARD DREW Gum-it Nun Service

"A visually .
exqutsrte

welcome
ex ertence.

——WII.LMM WOLI. Cul

m . . .
art unusual and

 r - , .  gt _
Students Discover What It’s All About

very cramped as'he— delivered his
brief address from a wheelchair
claimed that a campus such as
Albany. with a few needed
modiﬁcations. can advertise itself
tothccommunityasatrend-setting
example of an area where
Iundicappcd students can live and
learn.

Bone/ct also said architects, un-
like doctors. whose mistakes get
buried after them. must live with
their mistakes. He claimed that no
firm could use' Full imaginationin
all that is required in the construc-
tion of a building. The budget,too.
is prohibitive. according to
Ilene/ct. shen it comes to ad-
ditional ramps. elevators. and
“special kinds of facilities".

SII’H I’rcsidcnt DeCiraff said
that in the architecture itself.
Albany has the potential t be an
ideal setting for the physically han-
dicappedll‘rroughoutthc day. par-
ticipants were expected to remain
in tfrcrr wheelchairs as much as
possible. and to fill out
qucstionarrcs at tltc end of their
sum. Sonic lasted only two hours
before their arms bcctrmc tired
front pushing the steel»rimmed
\tftccls. ()tlicrs had to leave for
meetings and appointments down-
town trird were unable to travel in a
httS or cat with the cfta it.

One student was forced to Icaye
bccriusc of an unusual problem
He was In a f‘lL‘thfl class.and.as he
states on his questionnaire. left
t ricc “because one of my teachers.
Professor ______. got upset
because hc said that it is against the
Jewish religion to be in a
wheelchair if you are healthy. He
risked me to lca\c my chair. and.
rather than argue with him in
l'icriclt. I decided to comply wtth
his wishes."

()f L‘L|llilf importance in the C-A
titty iIL'lHIIIL‘S was tfic display for
thc \istrally‘ handicapped. in the

#GENE SNALIY WNBC-YV

 

COLUMBIA minute, most "If. A i if u or (,oumo woo” at imam. ni sat a
'M S

tAHRmG SNASNI nAVUOu

soar GAMI wit.

PRODUCED DtNlC'lD AND wﬂlltln 10!! Int SCRIEN 0' COMIAU "CONS
moloGRAFuEqu Ext/EN iivwwst nahrwm IR "Hm," .
i v . . . .. .._,_

 

STARTS FRIDAY AT THESE

CINE 1-2-3-4
NORTHWAY MALL
COLONIE

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

maxing/am .‘y‘r‘ *

campus center. SUNYA has vir-
tually no learning aids in the
library for the partially sighted and
the blind. Many people,according
to SIPH members. do not realize
the problems encountered by the
visually handicapped on this cam-
pus.

The most important areas of
needed modification. as par-
ticipants saw them. were—

.the doorways. Many are too
narrow for wheelchairs to pass
through. Doorsills are very dif-
ficult to wheel over. the easiest way
being to “pop a wheelie“ and roll as
quickly as possible.
0the toilet facilities. Janet Hood
said “I was shocked to learn today
that we do not have really proper
or adequate toilet facilities.”
.lhc scarcity of ramps.
Wheelchair users need to travel
long distances to get to locations.
I'hcy are virtually excluded from
the formal gardens on either side of
the podium. as well as from the
lower central Icycl of the podium
itscll.
Othc location of drinking foun-
fttins. All are too high for the ban-
dicapped students. Neil Iirown
\ttggcslcd a paper cup might do
the trick.
.cfcvator buttons. Most are too
high to reach. I'hc emergency stop
brittoii is impossible to reach. as is
the fan switch. Also. clcuttors to
do not stop at any odd floors of the
It|“t.’l'h.
0 books in the library. Matty are
too high for persons iii wheelchairs
to reach.
0 the carpeting throughout the
campus. Wheels tend to slip. mak»
irig locomotion very difficult for
many.
0 phone booths. A wide
w hcclchai r simply cannot
IlliIIIL‘lHL'l Inft) pHSIIIUII fill it pcf‘
still to mow to tfic scat in a phone
( I’ll/Illflf't/ on pg 4

isite movie

—REX REED. Syndicated Column!!!

2 THEATRES

DELAWARE THEATRE
29o DELAWARE AVE
ALBANY

PAGE THREE

 

. 74’

