 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Campus Exchange:

Ex-Cons at Harpur, Maine

Compiled by Mark Liteofsky

SL‘NY Birtgliamptorr may not
be just for sttrdents next year if
two proposals. one before the
Space Committee and the otlter
before the Broome County Leg-
islature. are approved.

The most controversial alterna-
tive rise of dorm space is the
proposed half-way house for ex—
corivicts. The proposal requests
"a sectiort of orte of the dormi-
tories to house 30 to 40 ex-
conviets who need a ‘sornewltat
structured environmeirt‘ iii order
to readjust to civilian life." (Pipe
Dream. Marclr (t).

SUNY Binghampton is also
considering housing seriror citi-
zens on campus, If approved,
Harptir Will be the secoird uni-
versity uitit to make such a
move. the first being SUC-Buffa—
lo who began housing senior
Cllllt‘lls this fall.

-l'-2t=:t:=k¢t-’

A former minute at the Maine

   

State Prison has ﬁled a cum-
plaint with the state‘s Human
Rights Commission charging em-
ployment discrimination against
ex-prisoners by the University of
Maine's Portlarid-Gorhant carti-
pus. Philip Shaw. who got an
early release to attend the triti-
versity‘s Augusta campus. later
transferred to Portland-Gotham
arid says he was ttirned down
twice when he applied for cleri-
cal posilions/Chronicle. March
19)
*****

The following is front the
Chronicle of Higher Education.
March l9, 1973: “A group of
undergraduates has filed a class-
actron lawsuit totaling almost $5
million against the University of
Southern California, claiming
that its trustees ltad broken an
implied contract with theitr by
repeatedly rarsrtig tuition over
tltc past three years, 'fuitron
jumped front SIBOO to $2.400

duringthat time. Students are
also asking the court whether
the trustees may again raise tui-
tioit next fall without bargarnirig
with the students.

*****

It has been reported in SIN/BS-
mzm that a four-mart suite at
SUNY at Stony Brook was
robbed by four males. each of
whom was armed with a gun. A
television worth about SIOO arid
$l00 in caslt was taken. it seems
that the robbers had entered
through art open door arid or-
dered the residents to "lie down
on the ground“ so tltat they
wouldn‘t get hurt. One stirdcrrt
was able to lock lttttrself in his
room and call ('ampus Security
who then called Suffolk (‘otrtt-
ty's titlr Precinct. Two other
robberies have occurred there
this semester. including a girl
who was threatened with a krrrfe
and robbed.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
   
   
    
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
   

 
 
 

 

  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  

 
  

     

OPEN MON. THRU SAT UNTIL 9130
ROUTE 5 AND THE NORTHWAY

 
 
  
  

W8 BRIE

 

edited by Daniel Ross

SAIGON
The release of the last 1‘18 American prisoners in Indochina and
withdrawal of remaining US, troops in Vietnam began Tuesdin

under eleventh-hour agreements worked out in Saigon and Viun~
tiane,

US. officials in Saigon and Washington said the moves will he
completed by Thursday, one day Lifter the deadline written into the
Paris peace agreement signed thn. 27.

A four-day impasse over release of nine Americans captured in
Laos and held by the Communist Pathet Lao delayed the homecnm
ing of the American prisoners held in Vietnam as well as that ol’ thr-

5.000 remaining U.S. troops.
Al’

BEIRUT

lraqi troops have pulled back a short distance from the lines iltt-y
set up l'/z miles inside Kuwait last week, easing the border disputi-
that erupted six days ago, Beirut newspapers reported today.

lraqi jets continue to make reconnaissance flights over Kuwait. but
Iraq also was reported to have withdrawn a number of its tanks from
the border its a good-will gesture.

Mahmour Riarl, secretary-general of the Aral) League rind chit-t
mediator between the two oil-rich neighbors. said Kuwait and lrao
had agreed to establish a joint commission to negotiate llir-
demarcation of their disputed border. He said an lraqi tlclr-gritrrin
would visit Kuwait soon to discuss formation of the commission

v\|’

BELFAST

Security forces mounted a massive Search Sunda\ for two ﬁll‘l\
named Jean and PM who lurr-d three British army saigi-ants into .r
murder trap.

Descriptions of the girls \vt'rc distributed throughout Norrli- l‘
lrelantl. 'l‘htry wr-rt- hast-(l on information from a critically u'orrrnl. r‘.
soldier who srrrvrvctl the plot. witlcly attributed to llll' ltiJ‘
Republican Army‘s (llt‘llill’tl Provisional wrng

Both girls were tlt"'rll)t‘tl as lM'lVVt‘t‘Il 18 artd 2‘2 years old 'l'lri-ii
full names were not disclosed

The survrvrrig soldier, whose identity is lit-iitg wrtliltcld. hail rrir-~I
of his jaw shot away and one bullet lodged itt his spine.

The IRA is waging it tcrmr campaign to force the British out or
Northern Ireland iind unite the l‘rotcstantdominated [)I‘UVllit‘t' \\lli;
rivt-rwht-lmingly Roman ('athtilrc lrclarid to the South.

   

\l’

WASHINGTON
The Supreme Court today lct stand the contempt l'lllIlHHt or
“award professor who spent seven days in Jail rather than ilrst'luw
confidential sources to a grand Jury riivvstigatrng tltv l’r-ritagiiri
Papers
Political scrcritist Samuel L l’ripkin argut-tl that thr- cour't sliotrltl
rt-vrow his case though llt‘ was rr-lr'asr-tl front pirl when the grand 'ltr \

 

was tlismissctl.

iovcrrttncnt attorneys coritt-ndt-tl. however, that llll' case lll't'.|lll|‘
moot when tlrr- Jury was tliscliargctl last Nov 2H 'l'lic govr-i'iirnt-nt
said it has "no prr-sr-rrt intention" of sucking Popltiri's lcstrriirrir) rl
lllt' grand jury prolic should he l‘t'sulllt'(.l.

'l'lic ltrgh court dismissed l’tipkiii's appeal over tht- til)]t‘(‘lltt|l ol
~lllhllt'tt William 0 Douglas who would havt- lti-ard llll‘ cast'

.-\l’

WOUNDED KNEE

Lawyers for militant lndiuns occupying Wonmlt-rl Kllt‘l‘ Uhlllllll‘tl .r
federal court ordt-r Sunday allowing six t'ttt‘ltlutlh‘ of food to in
delivered to the blot-hailed vrllagt‘.

Judge Andrew Bogtic granted the temporary restraining order in
U S District (Itittrt at ltiiprtl ('rly, S l) , in rilltrw itllttrllé’)h ft'riiii thr-
Antt'rlt'rrn Indian Mtn't'lllt'lll, AIM. to dclivt-r loud. riit-tlicsil stippln»
antl cooking fut-I daily to lllt' ‘55” persons in Wounded Kiw-
Mrlrtarrt lirdiarrs led by AIM |\.ivr- iii-ctiprt-d tlir~ \rllagc Slli('(‘ Feb 1'.

Mt-riiititrit-, AIM ll‘iltlt'l' ltllhht‘ll Mcnrrs said tlir-rr- was a prissiliiIIH trl
2r break in lllt‘ strilt'ttiritc

\l'

MUN‘I'l’tLll'.“

Wirilt- lllUSl strilcs rri titt‘ l' S rllt' casing tit-t pr irriltit-s \riiririril IS
consult-ring adopting toright-i drug laws

Vt‘l'llltllll Stat» Ht‘ln‘l‘ht'lllilllvl’ Roy Viltlt‘t' llit.\ rritirirlitt'i-tl tr l)lll
making first lllllt‘ |lti‘i:,l'h.‘ilt)ll of trtiirtlliaiia lHHllSllitllll‘ ll\ six years in
prison and .i $Fi_titio firm A second corivrctitiir Irii' HH‘I'I‘ possession
would i'i-:.tilt rrr lifv in prison wrtlt no prissililtl) tif pirrrilc

[N

ALBANY

Antil‘ll wrtlr a strong hint of tax cuts and a light trim on New York
State spending, the legislature's lit-publrcari leadership this wet-k will
attempt to push a record [8.77 billion budget through the two
houses

The inrntrrrty Democrats pledge to wage .i floor fight U\’(‘f the
proposed spending plan, however, (lt'rriandrtig lirggt-r cxpt-tiditurr-
I’t‘dlﬂ‘lltlnh and (lei-per tax cuts

The budget, some $1110 million llitlltlt't‘ than originally r‘ecom
llu‘ntll'tl by Gov Nelson A. Rockefeller, riruiil l)" enacted by Sunday,
April 1, tlH‘ start of the state’s lt)’lil~7ll ﬁscal year, and it is expected
to come to a vote Wednesday or 'l‘hursdriy.

A I’

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

PACE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

TUESDAY, MARCH 27, 1973

 

e Spirit of PYE in ‘

April 4 - 12 marks SUN YA 's 4th Annual Earth Week. To commemorate the event, The Albany Student
Press will run a series afarticler on the envirmrmenlrrl movement on campus: what it's accomplished,

what it '3 doing now, and where it 'S header].

In turn. a group of Rowayton.
(‘omr. high school students were
becoming alarmed at the condi—
tiott of the murshlands in their
area They formed a group.
called it "Protect Your lilt\‘rton»
Inent.‘~ and fought for the legis-
laliori to do it.

This was the beginning of l’Yl:.
an envtronrnental movement
that was to launch schools across
the country into a frenzy of
activrty in the 1070‘s.

PYE: A Button

Soon after the Rowayton
chm. a little yellow and green
button made its dcbtrt oti the
SUNYA carriptrs. It was worn by
Jon Scott, professor of atmos-
plicrrc science.

Attrrrctcd by the success of the
Rowriytoir drch and the forma-
tion of the new organr/attoii.
Scott obtained a grant to btry ii
batch of the buttons symbolrx»
mg the crivrr'onmcrrtal move-
merit.

The campus became a focal
point in lllL' ('aprtol District. We
\ttltl buttons to area groups who.
in turn. sold tlicrri to rticrribcr‘s.
hi this way. groups could raise
money to develop l’Yl: .ictrvt-
ties.

l-‘r’orn the start l’Yl: called for
awareness, understanding and ac-
tion on the part of citizens in
lactrrg the environmental crisis
of the “70‘s. l’rol. Robert Ric»
now. the political science teach-
er who >lll‘tt‘tl the emotions of
thc campus to the seriousness of
the prohlcrn during the early
l’YI- days. called the struggle
agar it pollution nothing short
ot "an lSSliL‘ of survival."

l’Yl: resolved to educate and
inform the public of their pre-
dicament. in addition. l’Yl:
would be a hasort between the
priblrc and elected officials corn-
rntirircatirig the problems and
proposing immediate solutions
whenever possible.

How successful. then. has l’Yl-
bccri during the past four years"
Leave Our Community Alone!

The energetic spirit of the
Spring. W70 days spttrrcd large
crowds to 1am tlic lecture halls
to hear cirvuonmcntahsts speak
out on pollution and over-
population l’Yl“s t'dllt‘ttlltltlttl
drive drew these enthusiasts to

 
  

  
 
 
 
   

 
 

  
 
  

  
 
 
   
  
  
 
   
    
  

devote their time to working on
the problems.

l’Ylj's very first project was an
exhibit at the Governor‘s Con-
ference on Youth at the Corti-
ntodore Hotel in NYC. The ex-
hibit, multi-medra ecology show.
drew praise and recognition for
the SUNYA chapter.

But With the praise came indig-
nant retorts from nervous Alba-
ny industrialists. Cries of “Keep
out of our community. you
don't live here." plagued the
environmentalists btrt did rtot
stop them froin investigating
polluting practices in the area. in
sortie cases. they even got big
companies to help. (icncral Elec-
tric. for example. manufactured
and donated. free of charge. the
samples used to survey arr pol-
lution iii the area.

Perhaps the biggest crusade
during Spring. I‘l70 was against
Tobin Mcat Packing Company.
Many students worked to gather
the cvrcence needed to corrfrotrt
'l'obiii wrtli the extent of its
polluting rrr I’tilr‘oon Creek. It
has been a Littllllillltlg issue With
dodging lobtri executives that‘s
still occupying the clloits of
l’Yl’ studcrrts (st-c ('losc-l‘pl

The First Earth Day

Albany hosted a statc~widc
l’Yl: planning during mid-
March The result April 21.
l‘l7tl--l'arth Day.

A ’l riish«ln at Washington Park.
r-\hrbrts. a picket-boycott of
'lobrrr‘s. l;d (‘owlcy's "lznviroir-
merit As Art" exhibit in Alla»
rtiorit .for an entire Saturday
the campus was crtvclopcd rri
cnvrromnental issues.

it did not stop after Saturday
however. Articles like "Twenty
Things Worth Doing for Uni
l’larrct lzarth" and "The Lake
('rrsrs" rtrforrticd the University
('orrrrnirriity and carried tlrc
movement over the summer to
the next fall. I’Yli buttons were
a common sight by then. birt.
most of all. the ritrrnbcr of them
around showed how l’Yl; had
th‘illL‘Ll an "awareness" on cartr-
pits

Success was slow. l’Yl; rrtct the
cornle political machine that
slowed progress down. But wrtlr
each set—back, PYl; garrted inval-

By Kittliy Eckerle

trable experietice. Of their two
major “victories” in the coming
years. each brought a lesson
with it.

When plans were announced to
extend Interstate 88 through the
beairtifiil Bo/enlrrll region, l’YE
joined other concerned civrc
groups in preserving this area.
Reports compiled by I’Yli said
that. though it would be a
charming route for a highway.
construction would destroy
many of the natural resources of
the area. The streams. the gorge
arid the Bozcnkrll Falls would all
he rtr danger if construction
wcrri on as planned.

Though the report lacked the
technical data to really support
the issue. the concern of l’Yli
members throughout the state.
and the hacking oi crtr/crr
groups as well. succeeded in cart-
cclrrig the protect.

A year later. l’Yli was asked by
a group called the ('onccriicd
('itr/cns of 'laghkarrrc (N Y i to
investigate the eiivrroriinental ct»
fccts oi a planned recreational
cotnrnuirrty by the llorsc-(‘as-
cadc ('orp. After an extensive
study. l’Yl- concluded that "the
proposed development would
represent a flagrant example of
land profrtccrrrrg oblivrous to the
demands of prudent land use
planning." There followed a dc-
tarlcd indication of what would
happen to the area if tlrc plans
were carrrcd through.

As ii consequence. Boise-(Hrs
cadc cancelled plans for con-
slrtrclion.

The Sprit Is Alive

These are |lt.\l two of l’Tl"s
cllorts. There are numerous oili-
L'l CEISL‘S.

I’Yl has secured \\’llllt'.\.\t‘\ in
suits against polluters such .is
Atlantic (‘crnent They helped
get a llikcwriy routed through
Albany and started can and pa.
per recycling prtnccts l-r‘cry
year their Legislative Watthdog
('orrimittec publrci/cs legislation
which should be watched or
opposed 'l‘licy'vc kcpt industri-
alrsts on their toes by printing
articles on pollution and what
can he done about it.

In short. l’Yli has kept llrc
spirit of lzaitlt chk .ilrvc
throughout the year

 
 

I
t

PYE investigations found the

 
    
   
  
  
   
 
  
    
  
  
 
  
   
   
     
    

Tobin Packing Co. dumping untreated

wastes into Patroort Creek. The issue is now before the courts.

Close-Up:

The Tobin Story

In 190‘). l’Yli began art investi-
gatrori if l’atroon (‘rcek after
the New York State Health De-
partment trained Tobin Meat

I’ackrtrg (‘ornpany the second
worst pollirtcr in the Albany
area. 'l‘obin is strurited on the
('reck and dumps ll.\ waste water
efllircnt rrrto rt.

l’Yl: found tats thrrvrng in the
Creek. The phosphate concentra-
tion and the hot water erttplred
into the (‘rcek were both of such
a proportion to be dangerous to
living organisms.

l’Yli was irivrtcd to the State
Attorney-(icncral‘s office to pre-
serrt their data.

While the state debated what
to do. l’Yl; orgarrr/ed a picket
and economic boycott of To-
bin‘s meats.

Tobin‘s president. John M.
Watson. invited l’Yl; members to
"distuss" the rriattcr. Tlllttligll‘
out the discussion Watson corr-
stantly pointed out that once
the l’atroori t'rcck interceptor
59W“ and the North Sewage
'l‘tcatmerit l’larit were completed
tpioycctcd to bc l‘l74l. the
problem would be solved.

In the meantime. I’Ylf sug-
gested cltlorrrrattng the effluent
bcforc dumping it into the
(‘rcck Watson assured them that
a lcasrbrlity study would he
done

The feasibility report was

ftrially completed. The verdict:
"We recommend against the in-
stallation of chlorination facili-
ties in this situation due to the
negligible benefits to be derived
and the short trrne period of
need for chlorination." The re-
port werrt on to "emphasize"
that Tobin was not the otin
pollutcr of Patroon Creek.

So the Tobin Meat Packing
(‘ompany continued to pour Ull-
ttcated waste into Patroon
(‘rcek...and tlrrs year Patroon
(‘rcek was sited as a hazard to
health by the Rochester Delta
lab.

The three year struggle to get
something done about cleaning
tip Patroon ('rcek tttay have
finally gained some ground this
year. Peter Van Scoik. a former
student. has taken Tobin to
cotrrt under the Refuse Act of
lXtN lti order to do this. the
Army (trip of ergrnecr‘s had to
examine Tobin's dumping prac-
tices for six days to determine If
the company really is polluting.

After a long delay. the (‘orp
finally arrived. completed their
investigations. and charged
Tobin on six drtfercrrt counts.

Which brings us to today. The
standing of the .\llll is uncertain
at the present limit: as. the long
court process has yet reached a
decision on the Tobin case Yet
l’Yl: is hopeful

Nader Highlights Week

ltryrrotiincntal advocate Ralph Nader will lllgll»
light lziirth Week activities wrth .l lecture “L-ni'ri-

onrncrital llri/ards Man-made and Mari-icincdrcd" to
ho prcyctilt‘tl in the Sl'NYA gyrn “cdricsday. April

l at 7 ill prri

barlcr‘s appearance \Hll lrclp krtk tilt L‘\L‘tlls of

l artli Week ‘7 i. \pirl Al I.‘

Preceding the gtrcst speaker . spcttltt presentations

will lie rriarlt' h\ I’tl l‘tcstdciit (ieorgc Kcleslrrari

lioriorrrn.I ltitrtl t‘ll\l|-‘l|||lt‘l|llll dtlHlbl'r.

(o sponsors oi the

lecture include l-orurii \ll

Politics. Student Asnotirrtrnrr, tlir- l’ohttcal Science
and l critiorrrrcri llcparitncnts. and l’YL‘
Doors Will open .it o ill pin for student ll) holders

and .ir 7 tlllpttllrit the general audience.

 

TUESDAY, MARCH 27, 1973

PAGE THRAE

