 

Tuesday, February 13, 1973

State Univmlty of New York at Albany

% Danes Swept

Danes 75

\

Siena 83, Pups 66
Union 58, Pups 53

Wrestlers Split

Swimmers Swamped

Hartwick 38, Girls 8-80" 19
8

a

 Photo by Morlejshow _

‘ ,tﬁ ,

by Gary Ricciardi

“I! woke me up, bill I ('Ulllllll ’1 figure out what it
Wu forufuw Nlllllllt "

"I kep/ hearing this buzzing. bul l t/iuug/il it was
my alarm elm-k. "

“What alarm" My momma/e woke me '

At approximately thiee am Wednesday morning.
residents of both Oneida atid Onondaga llalls in
lndiari Quad were gently wakened by the subdued
huuing ot fire alarms Many, Judging by comments
later like tlte above, did not realize at first that a fire
had broken out, or that they should immediately
ev ate the building,

lixcept for those near Otiimdiiga’s stiite 20‘), the
center of the blaze, many sttideiits began to react to
the emergency only after RA's and friends had
roused them.

The evacuation was orderly, and RA's were
frequently-seen figures, bobbing In and out of suites

continued on page five

 

SS Val. LX, Na. 9

ndian’,” ’A’l’umni and

r-Damage Severe;

Alumni:

by Barbara Fisclikin

Five RA's on Alumni ()urid found themselves
acting as firefighters Saturday night, liebruary it].
when a blaze broke out in a room on the first floor
of Waterbury llall,

David Seliginan and DaVid Baxter were both on
ditty at two minutes to eight, when the alarm went
off. Follownig the normal procedure, they immedi-
ately went to evacuate their respective sections and
the sections where RA's were oftrdutyt The two
Were then stopped by Margaret Dwyer, another
downtown RA, who informed them that there
actually was a fire.

She led them to room 115 where they joined the
two security men, who had been called by the dorrii
director, in putting out the ﬁre. They were also
aided by RA Margaret Mitchell and a former RA.
Jim Petroslno. The ﬁremen arrived at 8:15, about
five minutes after the blaze, the cause of which is

continued on page [ii/u

Onondaga's Suite 209

by Mindy Altman

liarly Thursday morning many students on State Quad were
evacuated from their dorms due to the third the to occur on campus
ltl a week No one was llllll

The fire. which was noticed at lillaiu .staitcd iii the tunnel area
surrounding the lower lounge between (‘oopei ill"‘ Anthony Halls
Flames broke out among tiiiuiluic which was being stored there hi
the Housing Office l’lic Iurnitiire. according to State Quad
(‘oordinatoi Suzanne Pierce, “smoked badly "

Students who noticed the smoke woke both sets of RA's Ill Cooper
and Anthony llallsi Security was notified, but on arriving at the
scene, could not get into the front entrance of Cooper because of
the density of the smoke The fire was finally located when the tire
company arrived

The residents of Cooper arid Arithme llalls were evacuated.
Whitman Hall was evacuated also because it was at first believed that
the fire was in the loading dock area which extends over to
Whitman. Though Whitman did receive sortie of the smoke from the
fire, it was reopened to residents earlier than the other two halls.

continued on me firi-

State Unlwnity of Now York at Albany Fob/wry 18, 1973

 

J.\

«v. a
«455. -..»

32-:

‘- ‘32::

 

