    

r

 

 

i

,
i.

- ‘FA'.’-‘ ‘ en. .-

11, 353%}

 
   
  
  
  
  
    
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
   

 

 

 

 

   

“A little lower if you please."

 

“It's I bird. it’s a plane. It's..."

 

Fotos by Photo Rooter

PLEASE CYCLE THIS PAPER

  

 

While Harry Johnson is robblng one Slenn player of his manhood.
No. 24 seems to be eating it up.

 

A scene out of Deep-Throat?

 

 

by Elizabeth Jones

Dorm searches, confiscations, and resulting ﬁnes seem to be encouraging a "paranoie"
atmosphere among SUNYA students lately. The Housing Office's newly enacted policy
of entering suites and room unannounced has become, according to Student University
Senator David Hirsch, "the biggest irritant on campus."

The investigations, endorsed by Director of Residence Charles Fisher, began last
semester and have continued tiirough this month. Several months ago, the Strident
Affairs Council Residences Committee reviewed the actions of the housing staff. Tire
committee, headed by student Mitch Kassol‘f. asked that Campus Housing
consider a moratorium on unannounced searches. Tire bill was refused on “no
solid grounds that i know of," according to llirscli, except tliat a rnoratoritriii rnrglrt
‘put a crimp‘ itito the present housing policy.

Tire student committee is now awaiting the Residence Committee‘s conclusions on
the outcome of tire searches. and it does trot appear that the policy will change until
then. According to Hirsch. the student committee should haVe used stronger language
and they should have asked directly for a moratorium. not merely that one should be
considered

The student cornrnitee claims that they realized the resporisrbtlrty of the ltorrsirrg staff
to uphold their policy. But the searches “cannot be used to override otrr rights,” l-lrrs I
adds. "llousrng has not acted with sensitiVity." Hirsch does trot bcheve that Housing is
deliberately overstepping their bounds birt the problem is “that students think they
are.

Committee Barry Davts believes that more stririgerii measures should be taken wrth thc
new search policyand that not only should there be an immediate rnoratorrurn on dorm
investigations. brrt that all furniture fines should be refunded lie feels that

Council Urges FSA

continued on page ilrrce

To Adopt Recommendations

by Audrey Seidman

Central Council voted last night in a roll call Vote 12-0-0 in favor of a bill urging the amendment of
the Faculty Student Association By-laws to include a total of ten strrdcrits on the undergraduate student
association, thereby increasing their representation by l.

These students would be the President and Vice President of Student Association, the Chairman and
Vice Chairman of Central Council, aird six members elected from (‘eriiral Council or appointed from the
undergraduate student body by Central Council With one representative frorn each quad and one
commuter. FSA undergraduate reps are presently appoiirtcd by the SA president and approved by
Council.

Section ll of this bill “threatens” that if [ISA does not take action on the lilll, Central Council Will
revoke its authorization of the loan to l-‘SA from the Atlilctrc Advrsory Board surplus. ol Slilﬁtnliltt
and demand its immediate repayment on May l.

Student Association President Michael Lampcrt spoke agarrrst the bill He called PSA “eminently
responsive” to the wishes of Council and the students, and added “Part twu of the bill (the threat)just
literally blows my mind." Lanipert discussed the monetary difficriliy FSA would suffer upon wrtlrdrawal
of the loan. Larnpcrt has the power to veto this bill which cart be overrrrlen by 2/} vote ofCouncrl

Tire Bill, entitled “Renovation of l-‘SA' was introduced by cornrrirrter representative Chuck llauer and
was proposed by liob Teridrich, (‘haiirnan of the Ad lloc Committee for FSA reform, on behalfof the
Committee.

Randi Bader. representative of Alumni Quad spoke against the strategy of the bill. liehcving it leaves
“no leeway." she said. “i don't thrrik it's going to help oitr relations wrtlr FSA.”

Barry DaVis, commuter rep. claimed. “it's about little that the students said ‘FSA we’re not going to
let you rule ris anymore'...We can‘t open up an ice cream parlor on this campus Without FSA
permission."

Ralph Belsler, Assistant Dean for Student Ufe brought up the question of Coiirictl pushing FSA trito
the position of having to sell the Mohawk Campus Laniper't replied that the sale of the property would
hurt the corporate assets. and lower the FSA line of credit

in other Council action, an Ad lloc Committee of two, Kerr Stokem and Jerry Price, were appointed
to schedule groups to appear before Council for budget considerations. Also in a bill, “Call for Gay
Rights" council unanimously supported Senate and Assembly Bills winch would legalize private
"consensual" sexual acirvriy between adults and support the guy's constitutional rights. Council also
voiced its support for the meat boycott..

Finally, Council authorized the firm of Rosenbium and Leventlral to defend SA in the litigation
involvrng Sammy Thomas, a student who was refused waiver of rrraridatory student trix.

 

 

A thr V
 Vol. LX, No. 17 Stars University of New York at Albany

Student Committee Studies Searches

Much 30, 1973

 

 

    

WASHINGTON-AP President
Nixon Thursday night clamped a
ceiling on retail and wholesale
prices of beef, pork and lamb -
in effect freezrng them near cur-
rent levels - in a move to soothe
consumer unhappiness over soar-
ing food costs.

He announced the major eco-
nomic move iii a prime~tirne
broadcast address to the nation
declaring:

"'l'hc ceilitig wrll remain in
effect as lortg as is necessary to
do the job. Meat prices must not
go higher. With the help of the
housewife and farmer. they criri
and should go down."

Under orders Nixon gave his
Cost of Lrvrng Council. meat
prices, for art indefinite period,
cannot exceed an index based on
prices for the past 30 days.

This means, economic experts
said, that prices in effect are
frozen at about their present
level.

The President's order does rroi
apply to prices at the farm level.
only to merit processors, iricrit
wholesalers. and meat retailers,
By avoiding controls at the faint
level, officials said, they trope to
spur increases rn production to
help bring down prices.

Nixon announced his action in
art address which hailed also the
end of Arrieiicrr's involvement in
tirelong and costly Vietnam war
and sounded a call for rrrrrty in
the search for world peace.
lie also caught public support
for his budget, contending that
spending increases cought by
Congress would mean a 15-
percerrt tax hike or major price
increases.

 

Nixon Moves to Soothe

word “freeze” in his 20-minute
address. his chief economic
spokesman did in a news briefing
immediately before the speech.
lint in a meeting with the press
before the President's address,
Treasury Secretary George
Slrrilt7.xaid the preferred word
is "ceiling" because the admini-
stratiori expects and hopes that
as increased supplies of meat
coirre on the market later this
year prices wrll drop below their
ceiling levels.
Shrrltl, spoke of “the house-
wrl'e rebellion" enlisting factors
behind the President's move.
Members of Congress and leaders
of organized labor also are press-
rrig for decisive action to curb
merit prices which last month
rose at the fastest rate on record.
Only two paragraphs of
Nixon's address dealt directly
wrth meat prices. Tire rest of his
comments covered pornts
ranging frorri the battle of the
federal budget to the end oftlie
Vietnam war and to his hopes
for World peace.
And his address contained a
warning to Nortir Vietnam that
he expects compliance Willi the
lndochina cease—fire accord.
llanor officials, ire declared,
“should have no dorrbi as to the
consequences if they fail tocorn-
ply With the agreement."

lie repeated that he opposes arri-
rresty for “those who deserted
Ariierrca" rather than serve in
Vietnam, and expressed thanks
to "th great majority ofAnreri-
carrs...wlio, despite an unprece-
dented barrage of criticism from
a small bttl vocal minority tond

 

 

     

 

