 

 

  letters ,. ..

 

(ﬂeemlin Billet; Gene mater

 

 

 

How come HE DIDN’T RECEIVE TENURE?
‘ WHAT eiD HE mat—ism

THE FAcuuN .
RESPECTS HIM

 

‘ t‘ﬂa ‘ Mater I

Civil Liberties

To the Editor:

At last week's council meeting, October l7.
myself and two other council members
presented a bill supporting the basic
democratic rights of all students to freedom of
political expression ,and speech without the
threat of verbal or physical harassment. The
bill stated that council condemn all acts in-
ﬂfering or violating this right. Perhaps at this
paint the question arises as to why there is
often the need for such a bill at this university.
These rights are. after all. guaranteed to all
people living in this country by the United
States Constitution. The most obvious ques-
tion most would ask themselves is why did the
student government oppose this bill‘.’

Before going any further. I would like to
state that the problem ofdemocratic rights be-
ing violated here at Albany State came to my
attention when Arab students and sym-
pathilcrs. trying to, cefully present their
point of view on the current lsreali—Arab con-
flict. by passing out leaﬂets stating their posi-
tion and putting up political posters on the
podium. were physically and verbally in-
timidated for their political views as well as
having their posters systematically torn down.
When the bill was being written we felt it
necessary that a material example of this
general problem be stated in the preamble of
the bill. Therefore we used the incident that
had been brought to our attention, that ofthe
Aral. students‘s harassment.

What took place at the council meeting that
night is an outrageous mockery of the student
government itselfAlﬁéomments from some
council members wech “Council has better

things to do than this.“ "'l his billwon‘t mean‘

shit to a tree." “I hope the Israelis march into
Cairo." and other comments along that line.
'lhe council members opposing this bill
were well aware that this bill was a brlldealirrg
wrth a concept all Americans, even ifit isdorie
hypocritically. promote in this great socrety.
lhcrclore these council members could not
immediately reject this bill. although one
council member suggested that consideration
of this bill be suspended. [his was not done.
but what was done was of an equally reac-
tionary nature. Certain amendments wre
proposed and passed. the end result beingthat
the final bill was a complete mutilation of the
original, as well as a nonsensical statement
defending particular rights of nothing in par-
ticular. This was a bill that no councilmernber
in his or her right mind would have wanted
made public.
The point I am trying to make} this: All
students have the right to turn Wm

PHI!-

\lll-IAT DID HE PUBLISH?

WHAT DID HE WDLtsl-l?

We“, hots worm-i5 on a
uitiqul *
-,'.r Tmstﬁat!

 

student government if they feel there has been
an injustice done to them. and I am sure that
all students would expect the student govern-
ment to come to their defense in an instance
such\as this. However. this is not the case. Ap-
parently it seemsthat council will only support
civil liberties in the abstract, and that when
they have the opportunity to apply their
theoretical ideals to a particular concrete in-
stance (students must be aware of this fact.
which was recently provcnlycouncil can and
will deny certain student groups their support
of democratic freedoms.

The reason for this is clear, Certain council
members allow their own personal political
beliefs to interfere with their duty to protect
and defend students‘ democratic rights on this
campus. Or perhaps one could state the case
more bluntly - Is the word "Arab" so repug-
nant to these council membersl that they
blatantly do not want to protect the rights of
this particular student group?

At this point myself and other students con-
cerned with this injustice and hypocrisy on the
part of central council urge all students to take
a firm stand onthislissue. in favor of civil liber-
ties to all students. Furthermore, if student
rights are violated again. we will turn not to
the Student government to defend these rights
and the students who are beingoppressed. but
in the true spirit of dcomcracy we will turn to
the students themselves to invite them to de-
fend therightspf fellow students whose rights
have been violated,

Laura Grunberg

The Swell Cockrell
To the Editor:

I've heard many negative comments made
when discussing the auditions f'ortthUNYA
production of “'I‘he Wizard of ()z." Then-Mg”
indeed. many things to criticire and many
aspects of the auditionsumhot lair. Buttbere
was something I found that made me leave
with a good feeling: auditioning before
l-indlay Cockrell.

'lhts rrian not only displayed great talent
before the people at the auditions, but he went
out of his way to give everyone a lair \singing
audition. For instance. when someone had
trouble performing the musical scale. Mr.
Cockrell worked with this person until the
piano and voice got together. in order thattlie
person get an equal chance at a part. Whether
someone was good or not so good at singing,
he always paid his utmost attention to that
person on stage. You always came out with it
feeling that he really listened toyou, and often,
you learned something. Auditioning before
Findlay Cock rell wasa worthwhiloexperience
to watch or take part in.

Barry Atlas

ALBANY. STUDENT. PRESS

Tenure Torments

To the Editor:

In View of the Senate's decision to refer
matters of reconsideration of tenure to the Un—
iversity. I offer the following personal ex-
periences and suggestions to assist theCouncil
in its deliberations. Perhaps this letter will
stimulate further input from the faculty, and
bring thisvitaf question intoopen discussion. I
address myself primarily to procedures
employed regarding professional evaluation
of a candidate’s research and scholarship, i.e.
publications.

Apparently. Vice President Sirotkin‘s
Memo of September lst retains the practice
of obtaining conﬁdential letters of evaluation
regarding a candidate‘s publications. Unless I
am mistaken, the logic of this procedure is that
secrecy assures objectivity and honesty. Our
national crisis ought to be a grim reminder
that secrecy in matters of national and personal
interest hat/e not always produced fortuitous
results. The assumption is made that experts
will compromise their standards if their lin-
dings are subject to the candidiate's scrutiny.
However, the procedure could result in
darnaging“adhominem" opinion;anditclear—
ly violates the spirit and intent of the SUNY
Senate resolution on professional rights and
responsibilities: “He(lhefaculty)
member) Should defend scholarly positions
which in hisjudgment are well founded. and
he should modify or abandon positions which
in hisjudgmcnt have shown to be faulty or un-
tenable."

Last year in the College ofArtsund Sciences
(and I understand procedures vary
throughout the University and even within the
College). departments were required to obtain
confidential letters of evaluation regarding a
candidate‘s publications. The identity of the
evaluator and his evaluation were withcld
from the candidate, thus denying him any
means of defense (a denial or academic
freedom). In my gwnlcase, such letters Were
variously interpretedlby my department and
the deans and College PersonnelCommiitcc. I
attempted to defend myself before the College
and University Council with only the vaguest
knowledge of the criticism of my writings. No
specific questions were raised by eithergrotrp
regarding my research or writing. Yet the
deans and the College Committee unanimous.
ly rejected my publications. largely on the
basis of the opinions of “outside experts."
Alter continuing appointment was denied, I
accidentally discovered the identities of the
outside evaluators. One was an expert in the
areas of my research and publication, and
could only offer the most general criticism.
Admittedly. it is not easy to find experts in my
areas of publication. being the definitive ex-
pert in certain areas of l’irandello research.
and the ltalian-American theatre. I amnotat-
tributing any malicious intent tothosemaking
decisions. ljustconsidermycxpericnceihein-
evitable result of a procedure froth with dif-
ficulties.

A fairprocedurc would allow the candidate
to confcr with the department regardrrrg
potential evaluators. and evaluative Clt'lct‘ltt.
The candidate must be guaranteed that
evaluators Will be selected from a rntrtually
agreed upon list of expctls. Letter of evalua-
tion should be madcavarlablc tothc candidate
in their entirety; only thc identity of the
evaluator should remain confidential.
However. the School of Criminal Justice‘s
candidates recommend evaluators. and read
all lcttcr‘s. Wllll lull knowledge of the
evaluator. I here is no cvtdcncc that the
School‘s standards Illet‘ declined Allowing
the candidate to select work to be cvnluatcdand

cvriluatryct crrtcrra could prevent tlic errors
that resulted Ill my case. where apparently the
critic was scckrrigdcpthlr'oni work clearly in—
icridcd to proirde breadth knowledge of the
lreld.

Apparently. departments in tlic (‘ollegc of
Arts. and Sciences were required not to scek
evaluations from experts having personal cori-
tact With the candidate. Yet, sbcolrrrslirp also
entails papers presented before societies and
corigresses,consultrincies.lsliared research. etc.

Animportantstatemcntmade bytlieSUNY
Senate is that “Faculty review procedures
should make provison for reconsideration of
negative decisoris if the affected faculty
member so requests on grounds ofinadequate

fwd—’—
’ f

consideration. discrimination, or violation 0
academic freedom." Hopefully. this statement
would apply to this year's candidates for re-
evaluation. Moreover. it is hoped that'the
SUNYA Counch will confer with the
President‘s Ad Hoc Committee onTenurearrd
Promotion before making its recommen-
dations.

Hopefully, the Council will also note the
SUNY Senate‘s recommendation that
“department chairmen will be rquired to con-
fer annuallywith facultytnembers on term ap~
pointments.“ In myown case. and possibly
others this past year. negative decisions came
as a shock. I was hired. reappointed, andthen
fired on the basis of my teaching and publica-
tion. It is common knowledge thatlam one of
the most published members of the Depart-
ment of Theatre, and that I publish
publications in Italy as well as the United
States. Surprisingly. the Dean and the Per-
sonnel Committee considered my work as a
director to be irrelevant, since lam atheatre
historian -a distinction whichdirectly opposes
the standards of the Theatre Departmﬂtt.
Two years ago when denied promotion. Icon-
ferred with Dean ' Hunsberger regarding
chances for tenure. and was assmed of a
favorable decision because of my impressive
creden'iials. I still don‘t understand.

If the majority of the faculty reaffirm Vice
President Sirotkin‘s procedure regarding ab-
solute confidentiality in matters ofevaluation,
then I must assume they do it in the best in-
terests of the University. I would also expect
them to apply the same standards to
themselves. faculty and administrators, It by
this procedure their scholarship and rescrach
is found wanting. then they should of their
own accord terminate employment tliusassur-
ing the excellence of the Institution.
The suggestion is not made maliciously. btrt on
the assumption that indi\iduri|s act on the
courage of their com ictions in vital matters.

A. Richard Soglruuo
Department of Theatre

...And Student Action

to thc Iiditor:

llie current faculty-tenure contrtncrsy is
easily one of the most significant and men
crucial sttidcrtﬂitlministrrition conflicts In a
good bit ol a while. Stcmmmgessciitirilly from
a similar clash last semester. the present ric-
ti\'ities lltL' centered on the prerogatrye ol
SIIN'YA faculty members to appeal their case
for serious reconsideration ortcc they have
been denied tenure. letiurc signifies pcrmn»
iicnt standing in thc l'niicrsity. whereas
denial til it would mean dismissal.

A current. rtdriiirr'strativcly popular
proposal for permanent policy in this area
(which will highlight the .\o\ 5 University
Senate meeting agendai dictates that appeals
for tenure will he considered only in the liglil
of “substantial new cirdcncc” us to its up-
propriatcncss. So.c\cn m tlirscasc. it Is not the
policy itst'll wctrrc challenging. birt indeed the
interpretation of such policy. Seieral lac»
tiorfs ol the ndrittnistrauon have already ad-
mitted that they shouldn't him: to dig up ‘old'
liles once they hate made their trdrnrnisiratrvc
decision. Also. In accord witlt sucli thinking.
“substantial new cvrdcnce" cotrld only mean
the disco\ cry of previously unreported or un-
t'clcriscd published riiatcr‘inlby the professor Ill
question

We feel that the "ciidericc" should include
one (at the \cry least) additional criterion: the
merits and educational bcricliccncc ol the iti-
structor lit the corith of studt-rit opinion. It is
the students who are licrcbetnuscthcy wish to
letlll. yet we nicdcriicd the r rght lo ha\c;i sn\
iri keeping the professors w lrtt L‘illlll rbtrtc lllit\l
broadly to our knowledge. nwnrciicss. illltl
tarch preparation A rlclimlc \itllL‘IilIlttIl cs
rsts bciwt-crr lllc popularity of an IIISlIllthIl
(the we ol her or his class ttrslcl] :rritl IIIL'
possibility that .‘tllt‘tll licwrll not lk'Lt'i\k'Ik'llllll.‘
wlicti ndrriruistrrttric tfetrsron is due

Students w Ironic at all corich rrcd about this
stid slate of affairs are invited to attend .i
strategy meeting tonight (Ilﬂi) Ill If I’M Ill tlrc
fireside | oungc. Campus (‘criiei Hopefully
we cart saw our favorite professors front tire
arbitrary aac ol tmwieldmg tcnurc decisions.
Or perhaps from ti qtrttc unarbitr‘riry iiitc. one
wrilr a decidedly antagonistic bearing toward
popular student regards.

loin lortoricr
S'I UI)I{N'I'S for the REFORM
of lliNURIi POLICY

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1973

editorial / comment

'I he recent announcement
that Campus Security hi”
purchascd (irenade launchers and surface to
surface missiles has met with riiucli concern
front the student body. l'hc consensus is that
the students are worried about the possibility
of accidental damage caused by indiscrimi-
nant usage of the rtew weaponry.

'Ilic new cltrcl til security. Richard Speck.
issued a release yesterday afternoon explain»
mg the stringent rcqurrcriicntsnxsotmlcd with
missile and grenade launcher UIlL'ltlllllll

“Launcher usage will be tlh\lll|lli‘l\ .llltl tin
conditionally restricted to only Setttrrty ptr
sonnel who are able to pull the trigger l sc of
our shining new, deadly \llllilt‘L’vlli-SIIIIIICL‘
missiles will be denied to personnel born tltll-
trig it solar eclipse In addition. patrolmcn
who liaic middle names beginning with the
letter  will be prohibited from Irrirrg tlrcsc
killers 11ch this policy of weapon usage is fair
and will [HUHLIL' the students with an ill*
niosplicrc of complete safety "

Many students drsrrgrcc |hc\ rcrncmbcr
back to those incidents of \\thlllll).'\lttil\ bring
fired for as ll|\ltll an offense .ts tirkrng
sandwicheslrtrrritlrcdirnng |i.i|lwlrcnSetnrrl\
first got their pistols l.i\l spring \tru'll
remember stiitlcnts wcit- gcricralh llll‘\||l
pathetic to Sci-trim plt‘tts ol “ lost kidding "

Requests lot the new cttutprncrit wcrt' llltttlt‘
to the administration first month at .t \pt-tml
supplementary birdch hearing lighth
related to the rich, statt' pot-n .lllllltlltl\ to
[like specdt‘uuitkcts on rumpus tlrc grctitidi.‘
[mun-truth .Wcrc asked for llt‘ttlIIM.‘ lllitll\
students were ignoring Sctiri rly's ttills to stop
their cars "'l liesc babies “I” stop 'crn plcnl\
good“ srird Mr Spctk, It lt‘tllllg to the
launchers at the hearings
llt'trrori Stttltl llr
t' to \lll‘

Security's net-if for llll'
l'owcr Maximum|)c\csi.rrrorr\.url.it
lucc missiles began with lllt'll Scptctnlicr deer
sum to strictly crrlottc p.ir king regulations In

the month “I Scptcrnbcr \‘rtr.‘ thtllxlllt‘ tickets

by Ken Was

were gut-n. of which only l3 werc paid. “We
were pissed its all hell." said Chief Speck to the
budget committee Not yet prepared to begin
an "illegallysptitkcd-airs-towrng campaign."
Security rook tip the practice of blowing up
any car they found tobepirrkcd lllyllllfllltnlttl
the regulations In the beginning the Security
their were .i hit oicrv/calous and they laid two
shiirllc ltusc\ to waste while they were parked
on the crrtlc lllt‘\ apologi/ctl promptly
\lttllltyl that “accidents will happen "

\t-tirtiti brought up the poirit that ll trikcs
Iltllt‘ to .ttlctruirlch demolish cars strewn all
int-r lllL' tillllllIIS. time that could better be
used lll).’|\l'tllll\[K’CtlllllllltbCl\I1|Illfl5CClil/‘
ctl \llltlL'IIIS who liiilllt around the tarnptis at
\pt‘t'tIS til i' ltlllt'\ pci hour til .i lS rripli Irrric
\‘iilli tht pttitlrnsc ol the llcrrion Stltlll rm»
sllL'S. \lr \ll\'\b pomlt'tl irltl. \ctitiily tritrltl
cllcttrtth (l\'\t'\ltllt_' cars all ll\t'l the school
lrorri one tcrrtrnl IIIlS\IIL' bunk licliind their
Iii-.itlirunrtr'rs on the Uptown L'rllllptlS
I lc.rr|\ Ill ii-tcnt days the entire student
body has llt't'll pi irwirry,r llltilt' and more aware
til lllt‘ll tltniigtug prolrlc I up \tiitlcrits who
lili‘\lIlII\I\ tltnirplrl t itlllltll‘» \i-turrty was an
\lll.||l\ bank tllt' now torittrncil lllt‘lL' arc
||I.|ll\ \Illt‘»llflll\ rtrctlitrp .irtswcrs. iriiliiding
llltlltitllls ttoinplt'lt' with
.rrttl the pending

llli Ill w .rll lr|.itk
litrnls .rrrtl w.rpj'tr slain.)
in IlllL sonic high ( ’lrrlciiit rrrilitnry
tllllit’lS .t» pulilrtnl .ttl\ IStl‘ I'rilrl llrcrr. tho‘.
rir.ti.t- \rllt' to park only Ill thc lots. lest you
to find that your

JII‘Illlillltrll

tonic ilurwrr ‘tttlllL' intrrtrrnp

I llt'\\ Ir.r-. littillllt' .I “run

Ill/ltHi‘X \tlll llr llrli ll tt II‘tt‘Hl
Iltllltlt’lt't‘ I" H \l l iiltttt' In' I\ titllhlllllltlll
/ll\ Iftl tlt'gri't rrr tlrr'Ir/It Itllt lrr /rrt y/tttlr’ Ir/m'
lIi’ t’ll/tll\ tiurltrtn: llll/l ft'tlI/ll’l, [II'i'/r'lrtllli
iilrr/rt [/(Il tt/w ( lltlll'lllllll it] ( i'riIIrII ( trnrr
tr/‘i ( tllllllllllr’t' Illl li‘t'rlrtrrtlrlrrt r t r‘lllllllllt't‘

.-.emsmm‘m..- ,___..r ..—._.—'1‘—':c‘—:.W

Quote of the Day:

We demand the impeachment of Nixon. ‘

12.000 American: in telegram: to Archibald Cox’s
farmer ofﬁce.

 

lmpeochment:Now More Than 

I. Richard M. Nixon. do solemnly swear that I will faithfully execute the office of

President of the United States, and will to the best of my ability, preserve, protect,
and defend the constitution of the United States of America.

Richard M. Nixon

January 20, 1969

January 20, I973

The past several days have been marked by feverish, effusive talk in connection
with the President's firing of Special Prosecutor Cox and the subsequent resignation
of Attorney General Elliot Richardson and his deputy. William D. Ruckelshaus. Im-
peachment, a word not too long ago associated strictly with the far left, suddenly
emerges from such unlikelies as George Meany. whose neutralityin the '72 election
contribirtcd to Nixon‘s landslide victory.

While the country may not witness impeachment in the near future, certainly it is
more probable today than at any time since AndrewJohnson‘shistoric trial. Certain-
ly the present mood of the nation demands some kind of Presidential responsibility
and if Nixon fails to provide it then Congress must meet its responsibilities. Accor-
ding to news reports. Congressional switchboards are being deluged with calls from
constituents overwhelmingly calling for Nixon‘s removal from office. While these
reports are not intended to be scientific samples. they clearly reﬂect the nation‘s out—
rage with the President‘s defiance of the Court of Appeals verdict to hand over the
tapes to Judge Sirica.

Richard Nixon‘s actions this past weekend have forced a constitutionalcrisis.1he
constitution in no way acknowledges the principle of “Divine Right of Presidents."
Its purpose was to protect the'citiren from abuses that Watergate and the surroun-
ding activities exemplify. It Was never written to protect a President fromthelaw.

Yet Richard Nixon has refused outright to comply with a court edict. Failing to
appeal before the Supreme Court within the mandatory live-day period forces the
court to decide whether the President of the United States is in contempt ofthe laws
of our nation. If the court does so decide, the House of Representatives will either
have to proceed with impeachment or accept the notion that Presidential power is ab—
solute.

Richard Nixon has not upheld the law or the spirit of the constitution. His im-
peachment would ultimately restore faith in a nation that is in desperate need of prov-
ing the legitimacy of a democracy‘s institutions,

Tenure Action

A meeting has been called for 8:00 tonight in the Fireside Lounge to once again dis—
cuss tenure policy at this University. Foremost among items to be discussed is the
policy in which the administration refuses to divulge grounds on which they have
been denying tenure to professors - except through what is revealed in transmittal
letters Indeed. in some departments professors are not even allowed to see their own
files. allowing the possible packing of files with negative comments.

We urge students and faculty to attend tonight‘s meeting. Although the tenure
issues may not be as inflamed as they were last Spring, many ofthe causes for the dis-
turbances last year are still with us. And there must be change.

We would offer one word ofadvice to the organizer of this meeting. and that is to
mold making the sweeping generaliLation that SUNYA professors are being com-
pletely denied the right to appeal their cases. The fact ofthe matter is that professors
are able to appeal their cases if they cart come up with new evidence. New evidence is
not usually a very difficult thing to find, and to say that there is absolutely no recourse

is unfair.

 

é ALBANY
gTUDENT
HESS

Editor in Chief . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Ann E. Bunker
News Editor . . , . . . . . , , . . . . . . . . . . , , . . . . , , . . . . . . Glenn von Nostitz
Associate News Editor . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . , . . . . , . , , . . David Lerner
Editorial Page Editor . ,. . . Nancy Albaugh
Off Campus News Editor . . , . . . . . . .Bob Mayer
Arts Editor ......Loslie Davis
Sports Editor . .. ,. . Bruce Maggin
Associate Sports Editor. Ken Ardulno
Advertising Manager . Linda Mule’
Associate Advertising Manager Linda Desmond
Classified Advertising Manager .. . . Cathy Ganelt
Technical Editor . . . . . . . . . . . Daniel Chall
Associate Temnical Editors Matt Meyer. Michael Rosontraub
Business Manager . . . , . . . . . . ..Iorr'y Albrecht
Graffiti Editor . , . . .... . . . . .. . Wendy Asher
Advertising Production . Cindy Bennett. Sheila Schenkein
Gary Sussman

Photography Editors. . . . . Arthur Goodman. Jay Rosenberg
Our offices are located in Campus Center 326 and 384 and our

association.

 

 

_____—————

L phones are 4572190 and 457-2194. We are funded by student

.. awﬁn'xﬂrxetlauJ—I-ukxﬂhivlnrg . . - v. . . .

w...“ ,2. a. .- ‘t cg»..- .-. a what-.-

-_a;ar..

 

