 

 

 

  
   
   
   
   
       
     
      
     
       
         
           
      
       
     
       
      
       
       
      
 
       
      
 
  
    
 
  
  
 
   
    
   
     
         
    
       
          
       
       
     
     
      
    
   
    
    
 
    

  
 
      
 

   

 

 

Hi, Mike!

5,; Mike McGuire
Following is a letter I recently received:

Mr. Michael McGuire
Room 215
Waterbury Hall

Dear Michael:

Your director has indicated that you are
responsible for the cost of removal of 1
Square table that was in your room or
suite. Your portion of the charge for
removal is $2.00. If you wish to discuss
this matter, please do so with the director
of your hall.

Please make your check or money order
for this amount payable to “Damage
Account" and send or bring it to the
Housing Office, Suite 106, Fulton Hall,
State Quad no later than April 12, 1973.

Failre to make restitution by the above
date will result in a hold being placed on
all of your university records and the
Housing Office refusing to honor any
requests you may have for housing for
the 1973-14 academic year. I would
appreciate your prompt cooperation in
this matter.

Sincerely,
Garry L. Petre
~ Associate Director of
Residences - Management

Being somewhat confused, I wrote
the following response:

Mr. Garry L. Petre
Fulton Hall

Dear Mr. Petre:

I am writing this letterto thank you for
removing the “square table" from my
room and restoring it to its rightful place
in the section lounge. It would have been
easier, though, if you had waited until the
day before our recent vacation began,
when l was planning to return it myself.
All I can do is laud your efficiency, which
is so superior to my own.

I receiVed your letter of March 12, and I
am happy to see that you went to the
trouble of writing me a personal letter
just to tell me you took the table out
when I knew that anyway. But despite
this, there are a few points in it I feel
obliged to answer, Actually, I wasn't
responsible for the cost of removing the
table from my room; I was responsible
for the cost of installing ('1. My roommate
and myself did this ourselves, resulting in
substantial savings.

You also mentioned that the table was

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

in my “room or suite". Although the
downtown rooms are indeed spacious, I
still don‘t see how you might mistake my
room for a suite.

My share of the cost of removal is
$2.00l, you say. Although I agree in
principle with the Housing policy of
“from each according to his abilities, to
each according to his needs", Istill don't
think you should bill all of Waterbury for
my little table. After all, they didn.t all
know. Also, $2.00 sounded a little high,
even at the $4.00 an hour Housing said
it's paying the movers (or should Isay
removers). So, I figured out how long it
took me to move the table from my room
to the lounge next door. Walking at a
fairly slow pace, it took me approxi-
mately 17 seconds. At $4.00 an hour, this
comes out to a total labor cost of 1-8/9
cents. Rounding this off, I discover that
you meant to bill me for $.02, but you
got your decimal point misplaced. The 2
cents is enclosed. If there should be some
cost which I‘m ignoring, such as the cost
of an hour spent sanding and refinishing
the table, please contact me about paying
the Transcript Ransom Fee of $1.98.

Incidentally, you told me to make my
check payable to “Damage Account". We
didn't hurt the table. Honest! There's a
little hole in the middle, but that‘s only
because that's where the cord went many
years ago when you people used it as a
lamp table, and I really can't blame you
for recycling the table when the lamp
didn‘t work.

Good luck in your future furniture-
hunting, Incidentally, if you can't. find all
of it, there's some great buys at the
Salvation Army Thrift Shop.

Yours truly,
Mike McGuire

WSldellnes '

  
   
 

 

 

 

Dying For on

Anyone who has had some first hand
---r ' with the ambulance service on
this campus, or more speciﬁcally, the lack
of it, may find Dr. Janet Hood's stand on
the new student ambulance service a bit

hard to believe.

Dr. Hood, director of the infirmary, has
gone on record as being opposed to the
venture. Her chief argument is that there
is nothing wrong with the existing service.

Probably the most celebrated case to
refute her claim concerns Bernie Boggs.
Mr. Boggs was a member of the Albany
State football team and sustained injuries
during a game one cold Saturday after-
noon. Bernie lay huddled under blankets
on the sidelines for what seemed like ages
before an ambulance arrived.

Interestingly enough, Dr. Hood was a
spectator at the game and took care of
him in the interim. One wonders how she
can overlook this experience.

But the accounts of the deplorable
ambulance situation do not end here.

The ASP has received numerous letters
on the sUbject. In addition, this reporter
has heard some incredible stories from
people who had to rely on the tardy

. ambulances.

All the reports make it seem like a few

:drunken Potter Club brothers with a
1 shopping cart would provide better ser-

vice.

Perhaps instead of a danCe marathon, a
race against the clock between a car and
n ambulance should be held. The contes-
ants would compete to determine which
car can make the most trips between
State and Albany Medical Center Hospital
before an ambulance arrives on campus.

Winners would be given a private aud«
ience with University President Louis
Benezet.

 

 

All kidding aside, though, there is

 another disturbing aspect of the whole
; : affair. Dr. Hood is upset that she was not

consulted during the planning stages of
the student ambulance service.
She also seems to feel that the task will

.5 be too big for students to handle.

It should be noted that Dr. Hood holds

.éthe record for writing letters to the ASP.
In her letters she consistently calls upon

students to show a concern for each other
or to assume responsibility.

It seems that the student ambulancc

 service is trying to meet these requests.
.3 We hope that Dr, Janet Hood \vaI at least

'1 give it a chance to prova itsi-Il' "’ i- -I' ll
needs criticism, IN the good lllH llll :i,ll‘illi
out.

Ambulance

by Mike lgoe
Dr. Hood is too fine a woman to snub
the organization.
We feel that the drama of ego hang-ups
should be confined to the medical shows
like Marcus Welby and Medical Center. ,

 

it)?!

In their relations with each other, cer-'_
tain branches Of the University have been
acting like an uncoordinated octopusv g
lately-one leg tripping up the other.

  

Each month the Community Relations
Office sends out a publication entitled
“Calendar” to the people of nearby com-
munities. The pamphlet lists all the up-
soming events and invites the public to
attend them. '

The sheets conclude by stating “Free.
parking is available evenings in the lots:;
nearest the Academic Podium as you '
enter the campus from Washington Ave

H

nue.

 
  
 
  
  
 
  
   
  

 

However, it has been reported thn
Security is regularly ticketing in the are .
(The favorite time is said to be between
8:00 and 8:30.) Also, one of the populri
violations checked on the tickets is "un
registered vehicle." (Which would be tru
since the people involved would not b
connected with the University.)

It is puzzling that a situation which i
creating much bad feeling with area resi
dents continues to go on.

It becomes even more so when consider
ing the recent efforts Albany State has
made to foster good community relation
with such things as Community-
University Day.

We hope the problem is corrected soon,
If it isn't, Metroland residents might be
encouraged to think twice before trusting
their car to the man who wears the star.

SIDELINE SHOTS. The rendition of
“Hey Big Spender" by Marguerite "Hon-
do" Wurtz at Telethon '73 takes top
honors as the latest bit of irony on
campus. Ms. Wurtz is the chairwoman of
Concert Board, the group that spent
$36,000 on the Allman Brothers.

Depending upon whom one talks to,
Central Council is anywhere from com-
pletely broke to $4,000 in the red.
Meanwhile Council puys $400 a year to
maintain a comptroller, Joel Lustig.

 

 

 

Il-IIIIII-lI-IIIIIIIllll|IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII

 

III II II ii All II |l II I ll ll IIJ

 

II-IlIlII-lllll-lI-II-Ii-ll-l-l-

funded by student tax

 

the international

 

    
    
 
        

film group

admission: $.50 w/student tax
$1.00 w/out

. .. .. .. ... .1. ._. .. .i. .,. .. -:- .i- ... .v. -. .r. -. .». .1. .. nlu,

UU tru up

Iugu

 

LC 18

 

 

state university of new

york at albany

 

 

 

 

If
11

 

LEI.

“U 1-,"

 

1;)

The Cinema of Ingmar Bergman

SMILES OF A
SUMMER NIGHT

plus: George Coe's short— THE DOVE

7:15 & 9:45

next week: The Bergman Trilogy
(advance tickets on
sale tonight)

-l-I-ll-n-IIll-l-lI-llwll-lI-l-IIIll-l-ljﬂ-l-ll-l-lIl-l-n‘

i BAT-DAT‘GRE
LSAT-ATGSB
OCAT
NAT'L BDS.

- Preparation tor tests required for
admission to graduate and profes—
sioan schools

' Six and rwalve sess-on courses

‘ Small groups

'Volumlnous material tor home study
prepared by experts in each field

 

' Lesson schedule can be tailored lo
meet indwidual needs Lesons
can be spread over a period of
several months lo a year, or for
out 01 town students, .i period
of one week

'Opporiunity for revrew of past
|e§ons VII tape ai the cooler

_—__.__..__..____
Special Compact Courses during
Wedtends — Intersections
Summer Sessions
STANLEY H. KAPLAN
EDUCATIONAL CENTER LTD.

IIII (III lln IIr-I libel-lyr- N V
(212) 33-6300 1—H
INC) 6384666 5““
IiArfi IVININGB thltﬂm

Branches in MOIOI Cities in U.S.A.
n. 7'.in Sum min iAr Minimal: limo-nu

m‘Il-lﬂu-Hmlﬂl’IIISIIIHI iiiiimiiiiiuaiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiuiiuii-iiim

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

PAGE SIXTEEN

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FRIDAY, MARCH 23, 1973

 

 

 

 

Letters 10
Wrong On!

To the editor:

The ASP preview editor continues to
take a discriminatory stance on the ques-
tion of crossword puzzle evaluation.
Though she may not be aware of it, her
practice of catering only to correct solu-
tions is no less elitist than the apartheid
policies practiced in South Africa and the
United States. Week after dismal week,
only correct solutions are printed and
only correct solutions are rewarded.

This need not be the case. Many of us
find greater liberties for self-expression in
deriving ‘incorrect' solutions. Instead of
being forced to restrict ourselves to a
single fixed grid of letters, we who
respect the so-called ‘incorrect' solution
find, and use, the boundless opportunities
to free our imaginations offered by the
infinite possibilities of man's verbal range.

Nothing is to be gained from forcing the
puzzlist's mind along a constricted, prc»
designated path. What is to be added to
this world's experience if we set out only
to duplicate a pattern that has been
already satisfactorily proposed? Would
not the development of alternatives be
more fruitful?

One finds remnants here of medieval
anti-humanism the the idea that each man
must strive to follow his predetermined
path or acknowledge himself a failure,
mindful always of the consequences of
straying from the truth. And just what is
this Truth that we are subjected to each
week? We reach the inescapable conclu-
sion that Ms. Davis believes not only that
an absolute Truth exists, but that this
Truth is superior to every alternativc.
While we recognize Ms. Davis's position as
ASP Preview Editor, we do not feel that
this delegates to her the uncnviablc,
god-like role of declaring flatly that one
solution is, in fact, inferior to another. in
consideration of the fact that she
probably has no real desire to set up
artificial ideals or to stiﬂe originality. wv
respectfully suggest that, in the fulurc,
Ms. Davis consider the possibility of
treating all solutions on an equal footing.

Mel Cox

4

CC Fights Back

To the editor:

Some members of thc Cl‘ninll (‘riuncil
Wl'l’f' obviously caught off guard by ilic
revulsion on this campus of tln-ir l£l\'lhll
attempt at playing rock n‘ roll pmmon-r

After several letters in llll‘ ASI’, an
i-ilitorizil, and the general disgust ovcr
llicir spending of Bach Mai lIUSIIIlill and
Attica Defense money in mnkc up iln-
outrageous sum of $30,000 for lll4‘
Allmiin Brothers, iiol :i .Nllltlll‘ ('mu’cil
Board member or Control (,‘ouiir'il llll‘lll
her who supported thc rip-off has wwii lll
lo iinswur the accusation plll}llt'l\ II' llli‘
ASI’. Likc all good liui‘iuiui'rzils lIn-y will
l'l‘mlllll anonymous and ~i|ciil lllllll llll
storm blow.s ovcr

lll lhi- ASP's covor story Fruliiy, .‘lili ll
'3, untitled “Allmnn (Ionlmii-rsy l'llllll‘llllN
l'oiincil," wc gcl a juicy (llltlll' ’iiiiii
('oiiiicilpi-rsoii Vicki (iolllicii uni-
rllcuedly rvprcsciitx Sljill' ()linil \l'r iv.»
[will "'l‘licri- ari- :i,ooo pmjm u'lir. i-.;.
lNiil lhc Allmiiii Ijl'llllil‘i\ .mrl l dri' '
Ilnnk tlicri- arc £3,000 llt'tlllll' on In»
campus who support Biicli .’\‘lzii ”

Ms (Iotllicli and sonic llllll'l t'cnllii
l'Iiuiidil mcmbcrs use iln- l’i/m' Tim/Hm
“‘H“ “l llH' apallictic sluilcnl tic-iicniln-r
ilic good old silciil majorih iill"| ni
|l|\lll'_\' lllI‘ ('cnlriil (Tiiiini‘ii- iii.iiiipi-Ii
Imus 'l'o imply lllill illlt'lltlilllti ii (In
Alluiziii Bonn-rs (foiici-il iiris .iii Illilll l
[ion of llic Approval Ill llll- (lillllll
l'lillousness is El si‘llsci'ung lll' \I li\
lll'llllll‘ al llli' coiiccil, including llll‘lil:
members, and support-us ul lllt' ('.iiiipn
('Ualition, wi-rc (jUiti‘ angry with llll'
cxorbituiil amount paid in llll‘
formers, charged I'm liclu-l» .inrl lillil‘ll
l‘orm Bach Mill and Attica Uctiviiiic

The Campus Coalition never iirgi-rl ii
boycott of the concert Wc Tlt‘\'l'l Ulllltlhl‘ll
llie actual event because wr- know that
the rip-off occurred inn the secrecy of .in
"emergency" Councd meeting. A boycoll
would have been a wuslu of our time, and

FRIDAY, MARCH 2'5, 1973

pi-i

 

the Editor

wouldn’t have gotten back the $3500 for
the hospital and legal fund. In addition,
the loss of money from a boycott would
have further deleted funds that do after
all belong to the students and not to the
bureaucracy that presides over it.

Chief bureaucrat Mike Lampert, after
the Council meeting described in the
ASP, indicates how much he personnally
worries about our money. When asked
about a possible error in the tabulating of
student funds that would put the Student
Association $4,000 in the red, Mike told
us that he was “not going to lose any
sleep over it." Nice to, know that Mike
sleeps well.

Now about the accusation that 3,000
people on this campus dan'i support
Bach Miii. Some Council members
obviously see it in their own interest to
deny that people on this campus have any
social and political consciousness. We feel
that the fact that 1300 students on meal
plan voluntarily signed-up to skip dinner
one night with the money going to Bach
Mai and that individuals and the Newman
Club donated over $300 dollars in the
past few Wf‘t’ks, is a far better indication
of where people are ill than the specious
argument that going to a concert meant
tacit approval of Council's actions.

Despite the wishes of sliirlcnt burcaur
crats obviously annoyed at being hold
accountable for what thcy do williour
money. (lt‘s|)ll.l' the ravings of SUNYA's
token fascist and Bill Buckley sycophant
Mitch Frost who cclcbratcs the death of
the student movement and the return of
apathy, dcspitc the hopes of campus
administrators who think the) can enter
any student's dormitory room Without
nil-cling any opposninn. lll‘spllt' lhc
Wislii-s of administrators and lbcir (ii-purl
men! Iii-nchmcn that am Will sil brick and
passivoly WIIlCli ilii-ir Mchirlhyilc purgi-
of zicliVist professors and watch llil'lr
(ivlcnsc dcpl rest-arch graiils pour in, and
IlII‘lr corporate and military l’l’('l'UIl.l'l’$ usc
this campus as if they owni-d it. and
sili'nlly let the campus cops bust pcoplc
for grass, dcspilc llicir dreams tliill the

"id's Will bc lln- 'fill's, dcspiti: thi- foiidcsl
hopes of :ill tlir-sc bureaucrats, we know
that tlit-y slill linvvri'l succeeded in nitcl
Icctually and spiritually lobotomi‘Ling
i-nougli of us to gct away With this shit

Campus Coalition

Since we were not informed of any ot
the details or asked our apprOVal. we feel
as room and board paying residentsthat
this imposition was a great encroachment
on our privacy.

Two Dutch Quad Residents

***

After the the Shah

To the Editor:

This letter expresses my disgust with
the situation here in the Albany area. It is
also a battle cry to the Black Brothers
and Sisters to keep up the struggle despite
this situation.

As the principal organizer of the Benefit
Program that was held on March 4, to
raise funds for the Pan-Africanist Con»
grass of Azania, I was prepared to face ii
lot of hard work and a few dis~
appointments in announcing this event to
the Albany community. Apathy, red tape
and unintentional errors I expected. But I
was totally unprepared for the sneaky,
diabolical hypocrisy I encountered. When
you get shafted time and time again in
the same ways, you know it ain‘t coinci<
dcncc. I call it racism, pure and simple.

To tell it like it is:

l, Flycrs and posters were systemati-
cally rcmovad and systematically replaced
by announcements of Women‘s Lib meet-
ings, speakch or l'ilms. Some of my signs
had bet-n removed by selfish students.
Others were removed by a very choosy
mainti-nencc staff who clear off only
curtain signs from doors or pillars and
llicn only when the urge hits them. I was
told at the Performing Arts Center thatl
could post ii sign on the black bulletin
board in front of the building. The nch
dziy my sign (and lhe others that were
[ht-re] were gone, Wliy‘.’

'3 l hail iniirli- illi zigrccmcni with Mr
l“fillll( Vclosky ('itl'l_\’ in February to lliIVt'
“11' program announced in the Tower
'l'ribunr- Campus Clipboard lhc wcck it
Was to occur Evr-rything else was printed
i-xci-pl my announcement. l rcceivud a
sweet. “Sorry for the oversight but there's
nothing we can do about it now"
from the secretary when i asked about
lllI‘ ommission. Why?

.‘l. I sent letters to W'I‘RY and WABY to
announce tlic program when other comv
miiiiily events were announced. Neither
station claims to have rcccived my lcttcrs.
So I gave them the message over the
phone (Il'ld received assurance that it
would be mirnlioncd in its turn. Well its
turn never crime. I was especially dis

 

No Tulips on Dutch

In lllt.‘ «(llltil
n.

\‘i. ,.~ Inn Ili' Ii :;- .ivl II ml: 1.1.
Illiﬂlt Ilil .Il Al lllrllrlllﬂll \l li\ In: - ll l\li n
I' !I .» lili'lilll ll inniw In luv limii n,
\hl't'ltt'lill ‘III uni Iilliill

.’\oi Hlii\ llill tiny illlllhl‘ iini llilll‘. .nni
Innngus ll.i\lt||,l IIn-ni lllll’rt‘fl .iiiil tlt‘
|.ii'cil liIiI Inn-ll Us In liiiii- Ulll ijunil
i.i|i-lcii.i liir llll'illh

.il llllb iiniw-rsily

In our liiiiiii-s wlncli
iiv iiiii Iliirnis, vrc do not ('lllll't‘tll‘ UUI
rod on! lllllllllll loi tlii- usi- iii

facilities 2
ton. Wllllllul our

uliltiluwn Wt‘t‘ltl‘lld Virii

i'illlb’l‘lll

l‘i~c \‘i'cc lliii’ii.» l

.lllIHlIllllll ill lsiniiwi

I ill'lll'll In In. him In. i .liuurs illll‘fl
ltll|‘tl llllll llll Iiiiil 'llll win nc liiiil mil
.illlliilllH‘l‘ll it I'll [nitrous wwliiviiil llli|'
my li‘llcl rinkt‘ill .Illll it was .Nllll un
:iniionnccrl \‘i‘liy‘ I wirnli-r ll (In- yllIIlL’Jx'
(WIN/I liiillii-ii-rl Ill [llllil lliv .iil l 51'“:
iIn-ni" l \\Ullllt'l

’l'ii :ill of llll‘ .iliiivc Illt'tllllpl'lt‘lllh, lsuy

your ('lliil‘ln liiilcrl 'l'lic show was ii grczil
siicccss Illitll‘llull) and spiritually thanks
I“ iIic Mllltliilll) oi lllt‘ lliolhcrs illlll
HinlI-rs iiiiil iillii-r l‘riviiils All of your
liberal hypocrisy wori‘l slop tlic periph-
from doing wlinl has lll bi- done in tlic
name of freedom! Yioiiiic lleiiloii

. r I

Incompetent Component

To the Editor:

The New University Conference's artlcle
(ASP, March 6), on the tenure system at
SUNYA stimulates me to publicly air
some of my observations and viewa. I
have discussed these with several col-
leagues in the social sciences and lower
echelon members of the administration. I
find their reaction to be surprisingly
ambivalent, though most generally sup-
port the present system. I was tenured
last year. I considered it to be an incon-
sequential matter, except that I was
pleased with some of the complementary
statements made by tenure evaluators
about my scholarship and teaching. I did
recognize that, in part, the favorable eval-
uation was due to the fact that I was not
rocking anyone‘s boat, but Ialso feel that
the statements were partly genuine and
could be taken as encouragement for me
to continue in my efforts to seek excel-
lence.

I am opposed to tenure. It is unjust. I
am certain that professionally competent
people are being turned down for non-
academic reasons. These reasons are well
known to anyone who will take a non-
establishmcnt view of the matter. People
are turned down because they are not
liked personally by their colleagues, be-
cause they are controversial in their ap-
proach to a discipline, because of their
sex, their moral standards, because they
are good at their craft, and thus make
older tenured colleagues look bad, be-
cause their work gives ii direction to their
department which goes against the tradi-
tional interests of other faculty and ad-
ministrators, etc. My point of View is
simple. A professor who is qualified in
his/liar profession-teaches competently,
fulfills counseling and committee obliga-
tions, knows the “l'ield"-—cannot bc (lis~
misscd on any justifiable grounds.

Tcnurc militatcs against developing qua-
lity education, even though this is often
given as its justification It protects pros
fessors who are not competent, but re-
ceived their positions and tenure before
quality became a priority on this campus.
Those people arc IUIlcd into further in-
compctcncy by the sccurif. given them
by tciiurc, while they unite against
younger, more dynamic faculty trying to
update their departments and the institu~
lion as ii wholc. Worse, rather than
putting effort into improving the quality
of old aan new faculty, tenure is an
zi|I~or-nonc procedure carried out within a
basically negative atmosphere. Rather
than a review of ii professor's work, it is a
contest between special interests. The
administration tries to hurcaucratizc the
process, as the applicant's publications
arc numbered and measured for size,
zilmosl never read by anyone, and teach-
mg is I‘Viiltlillt‘fl in il similar (juaiititzitivr-
way. There IS anoliccabli- abscnci- of
attempts to look into llic quality of the
long range rcsi-iircli rind leaching interests
of applicants. and llll' pcrsoiiiil Ililllll'l‘ of
their relationships Willi t'liissl‘s and slu-
dcnis giics iindcicrinini-il

'l‘lii- truth is lllill We arc iiicnpulilc of
making \csno ill-cisiuus on lluilllliIlH'l'
iiinllcrs .is i'iiniplli‘uli-d as good imiclilng.

iriipoiliiiil rusciiri'li, (’H‘iilIW‘ li-ziili‘rsliip
‘l‘In-rivliiiu. wv nllUllltl clininiiilc ll‘llllrt-
.iinl I'lllllllllli :i flllll’l‘ l'li'Mlili‘. positin-
pinginni nl iciii-Vi -t|l(l |;ii'ii|l\
iiiniiiii- II lll‘lll truss \llllllllrillilll “i-
should In iiiuiiiiiouslf, t'.iH‘llll III sclccliiig
III'VI. minim, but llll‘ll support .iriil cii
coiiizigc llll‘ll) :illi-r llll‘\ bcconic p.irl of
our team ()Iiici Incillly sliuulrl lll‘ suliji-cl
lo lln- siinic icvu-w :iiid sliinulzilion, :iiid
l'l‘ilf’llVlilll‘ll ns llt’l'llt‘fl This approach
would l‘llIllIllilll‘ iiincb ol llit' injiisiicc
l|il\\ iiccniiiig by rlcl‘usnig and lingnii-nl
ing llll‘ ovrrly Iiiiiisi'il lillul‘l\ iicgnliw
Il‘Ililft' piiii‘i'tluri' now in ripvrnlioli

ltobcrl .'\l L‘siiiiin k
Associnli- l’ml'i‘ssor

 
    
 
   
 
    

(nilllliiillltdllirils sllnuld be IYlJlt
written and addressed to:
llllliiridl Page tenor, MP,
SUN? (A, Laiiiiiut (.eiiler 3211.
Alliaiiy NA“. 2222

Jiilusi lliuru an: ualeiiualiiiq circuiliv
iiaiices, .ill lullurs iiiusi be signed.

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE SEVENTEEN

   
    
   
   
 
   
      
   
  
   
    
    
  
  
  
   
   
 
  
  
   
  
  
    
 
   
  
  
  
 
  
   
    
     
  
      
   
   

l
i
l
.a, .
I
I
If
r f

   

 

