._. ._ A. -.,‘..__—s—.A.’~,..._.~n..—

Amparo-N». woe...“ _. .a-«A_W~wea um-

  

     
  
    
     
   
  
  
    
  
   
    
   
   
   
   
    
  
   
   
   
   
  

 

 

 
   
    
  
   
   
   
    
   
  
 
  
 

 

 

Save Every Chicken Clocks Away,

by Mike McGuire

In the days since publication of my last
column (“Chicken Society Meats Match",
Tuesday's ASP). I have been tirelessly‘
attacked for being oblivious to many of
the basic principles of the New York
State Save Every Chicken Society. So in
the spirit of reconciliation, I am now
giving the Society its say before Iexpose
their arguments for what they are in
future columns.

A press release from a Save Every
Chicken spokesman follows:

Virginia, RTM Is Not A Meditation
Cult, by Mel Cox, Regional Coordinator
of N.Y.S.E.C.

From my experience in talking to sev-
eral students and faculty members here at
SUNYA, l abruptly came to the shocking
realization that there is an almost univer-
sal ignorance among the university com-
munity of the goals or even the existence
of a Save Every Chicken organization,
and an appalling degree of misinformzr
tion among those with any conception of
the group. Fortunately, I have been very
graciously allowed this space for a brief
highlighting of our goals and plans.

First off, as the title suggests, the Right

 

  
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 

Sidelines

Waverly

by Mike lgoc

Only a strange quirk of fate rould cause
the Waverly Place issue to come up Just ri
few days after the SA elections were held.
Waverly Place is a stately old house
dating back to the days when the rich
people of the Albany Country Club roam~
ed the grounds, long before blue-leaned
. udean with Long island accents anlltl'
ed the Capital City
The building is located on the south
dc of the campus, an area most people
like to forget about during the si-vrere
winter months of Albany

Student Association President Mike
Lampert, along With the officers of the
classes of ’73, '74. and '75, has become
interested n buying the place

it appears .-/lr Lampcrt belieVes that the
house woutd be an ideal place for various
activrtres. Thus, he is wrlling to spend
student tax money on the project

Student Association, incidentally. is the
organization which held a student opiiii
on poll a low weeks back. it included
such memorable questions as whether or
not the word chairman should be changed
to chairperson for SA dealings

The spending of upwards of $5,000 for
an old house apparently was not import
ant enough to vote on, The reasoning
seems to be that it doesn't matter how
our elected officrals apend the tax money
as long as their title ii. correct.

Nevartheless, the proposal does bear
some merit.

This reporter never knew that the eight
dollars he has paid in class dues would

to Meat Committee is not a meditation
cult. Rather, it is bloodthirsty gang of
carnivorous barbarians, who have won an
initial legislative victory over the idealistic
goals of S.E.C.S., but over whom we
know in our hearts eventual triumph is
inevitable. In the past, the college-age
block has been a formidable power base
for many pet issues and interests of sly or
manipulative politicians. We would en-
courage a reversal of this trend, and shall
endeavor to win the hearts and support of
idealistic and motivated individuals
through a straight-forward, no-bull pre'
sentation of our platforms and goals.
Those who share our beliefs, join us in
this noble quest; those who object, you
know what you can do. But most impor—
tantly, let's all get off our apathetic
derrieres and show some spunk! Below is
a stylized rendition of our platform.

For more information, call SECS at
SUNYA,457~1665.

General Platform:

1) To obtain written legal guarantee by
Congress of the unalienable right of Every
Chicken to be Saved.

a) To accomplish this through incessant
picketing of one chauvanist chain of
cheezy chicken exploitcrsr-namely Ken-

Heights?

makc him ri partial owner of ii house. in
dreams of a quiet little place overlooking
the Western Avenue traffic liaVe been
fulfilled long licforc retirement age.

(in the realistic side, though, one can
Just imagine class presidents Richard Max‘
Well, rlel‘f Bernstein, aiirl Scott Wrildman

fighting it out to be sure that they get .

thcir respective $2,000, $2,500, and
$4,000 money's worth. it should be
interesting to see wiial sort of plan is
devrsed to determine how much use
$2.000 is entitled to as compared to ri
$2,500 iriVestrneiit.

it would seem the venture requires
much more thought the kind that makes
one decide to abandon fiscally unsound
ideas.

When asked my be was interested in
purchasing Wrin-rly Place, Lampcrt rev
plied, "I guess l'm Just a romantic " Mr
l.rinipert might be better advised to do his
ronianticising in a canoe on lndiaii Lake

Perhaps he should invrte the other
backers of the project to join him til. the
lake No mention wrll ill! made of the old
cliche about depositing oneself iii a cer
tain body of water

SIDELINE SHOTS

trig a pie in the face certainly had to in

one of the better highlights of last week's

’l'eluthon ‘73, it seems sort of ironic

though, to be wasting good foorl on one
of the people who is helping to per}

peturrte high food prices on campus.

at!

 

 

PAGE TEN

The event which
featured FSA assistant Peter Haley rcceiv~

 

 

 

  
   
  
 
 
  
 
    

r

tucky ;Fried, and the impeachment of
Colonel Sanders for war crimes.

b) To petition Congress for immediate
action on this project through a notarized
document containing the signatures of no
less than 2/3 of the combined total
population of New York and Oklahoma
who are of Swedish ancestry.

2) To censor such blatant Obscenities as
Kentucky Fried Chicken at least to a
more suitable Kentucky Fried Turkey.

3) To petition the UN. to redefine
international law in regard to the safety
of Every Chicken.

4) To obtain the speedy release of all
chickens who are now being held captive
illegally in penal institutions throughout
the country for crimes of nationality or
political crimes against the hard- boiled
establishment.

5) To declare abortion, as well as
sunny-side-up, unconstitutional.

6) To provide for the future reality of a
National Chicken Party.

7) In summary, to provide aid and
councilling to Every Chicken, NW!“ of
race, color or creed.

 

 

n—na-s

 

No SASU for SUNYA

mnliirucd from page nine

All of this is fine, but the Albany
Student Association still isn't buying.
SASU leaders have attempted to wni oVer
Central Council, but their efforts lirrvr-
largely failed. (lommcnted one (frruricil
Member: “l'd like to see Just what our
money would go for. Whiit are we going
to get out of it?"

And others have criticised conferences
like the one held here this weekend,
charging that nothing concrete was ac-
complirrhed and that they are merely a
drain on SASU funds. Still others liavr-
criticizr-d the SASU full-time leadership,
complaining that “they get most of the
money, and spend all their tune trrrvulliiig
around the state "

Of course, the leadership says that is
untrue

So what Will happen next ycrrr when
lrarnpcrt il‘tIVl‘h is still lilii‘i'ilrllll The

special relationship wrll no rllnllll (llhllll

pear, and their pcrhnps Albany student
leaders will feel a need for tire sllill‘ Wirlc
student association 0n the other hand,
perhaps they will continue to belrr-vr- in
“local autonomy" rind wrtliliold the

$4,000 entry dues.

Oct

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Whntichr the case, one thing is true
Without Albany, HASU will look rather
incomplete. And that does little to help
its bargaining position before either
.‘hrrnccllor Buyer or the State Legislature.

in Hearst's Tradition

by Gary Ricciardi

The way the American press has pre-
sented the lndochincse wars over the past
decade is rife with arbitrary speculation.

An example of such unfounded specula-
tion in objective reporting is a February
25th Associated Press dispatch from Sai-
gon concerning Hanoi‘s delayed release of
a list of American POW’s. The dispatch
says a list of POW‘s due to be released last
Sunday was not released because, appa-
rently, “rock-throwing, banner-waving,
shouting mobs of South Vietnamese,
numbering in the iiuridreds....artackcd
North Vietnamese conipounds....in the
northern cities of Hue and Danang.“

However, the story also says, “No rea-
son was given for the Cornrnunists' failure
to furnish the list...." The Al’ reporter
established nowhere in his dispatch a
positive link bctwmn the anti-North Vict-
namcsc demonstrations and the North's
failure to release the list. Rather, in order,
probably, to meet an approaching dead-
line, he arbitrarily linked the two to-
gether.

Possibly, there is a link, but that rcv
portcr’s failure to establish one, destroys
whatever credibility his dispatch might
have had. For all the information the
dispatch contains, the reporter Would
have been equally justified to link any of
the numerous lriicc violations-or Arne-
rica‘s own rcccnt bombing raids over
Laos-40 the delayed release of the list.

Although no reason was given. llit‘
reporter docs quolcuscwral paragraphs
thin the story-Hui Tin, the cliicl spokes-
man of the North Vietnamese delegation
to the four-parry Joint Mililiiry ('ornrnrs-
sion. in regard to the delay. liur l'in
asserted that riri obstacle in lllL' way of
Ilrc success of the ccasc—l'ir‘c is Snigon's
unwillingness to release Vieliirrrricsc civi-
liarr prisoners rrrrcslcd for political triincs.

To include llur 'fin's assertion in an
article first concerned with the delayed
list of Ariicricrrn l’()W's-—cxplarncd Within
the article as the result of a not against
Noilli Vrcrnuiricsc dclcgritiorisunrnl their
to include llur 'l‘iri's slalcrncril .rs rrn
r'xst'tlll‘rilly irrelevant and peripheral cruise.
is to, wrthour substantiation. make very
LilllllUVL‘lSliil vriluc nidgnicnls in the dis
guise of oblcctivc news reporting

'llrc journalistic \lil liclirnd sricli rc-
porling is, first, that nnl'oundcrl plt“
|ridrtcs rind rnistoriccpiroris can be crrxrly
.rnd wrdcly sprcrrd ill the guisc ol straight.
rilltt'tllvt.‘ reporting. and. secondly. llizii
the press lost-s llli' confidence ol iliosc
rc.rrlci\ Wllri \liip Ior .r rnoincnt lil cxrr~
mine the \lli'tlllrllltillb oi reporters who
pretcrrrl only to report the facts.

llic story crisuzillycxainincu licrc is not
an ex tcpiron. Sin-ii reporting is ill the
mainstream of American oliicciivc rcpori-
trig-as first crrrrrrnagcd rind popularr/cd
by such publishers .rs l’ulil/er and lit'lll\|.
lruly objective icprrrinig docs not esrsi.
and possibly r.riiiiot cxisl. 'llrcrc is no
\llt‘ll thing .is ilt‘llltrll lringiirigc.

Nt'Vt‘llllt'lt‘\\, lllllll iichpripr-rs yiic rip
the |l|t'lt'll\t‘ rrl rrblcciivily, and print .ill
|li‘W\ in which the reporch istrillcd upiui
Io lllrll\i‘ lllll‘ll'llkk'\ an essentially \pcruln
Iron this rorirriiy will continue to win
\~.ii\ le poprilniirni docs not understand
the voters wrll Ltlllllllllt' to Clt'Ll rrriidr
driicir for reasons tilllL‘l lliaii tlicir \lrlllllh
on basic issues. And school L‘lllltllt'll will
continue to lL‘ilIll to distrust and despise
pcoplc thousands of miles away, so iliril
sorrierlrry ilicy Will have the opportunity
to pay tax money for bombs to destroy
them,

FRIDAY, MARCH 2, i973

 

 

 
    

 

 

 

' Letters to the Edi‘tOr

Meat and Write

To the editor:

It might make me sad to see that there
are no people in Albany State‘s commu-
nity who can write an intelligent political
article.

But the real tragedy is your representa-
tion of Bob Mayer and Mitch Frost as
left-wing right-wing debaters.

You might as well wait until someone
comes along and fills the ideological
vacuum on campus, instead of sr-rvlitg
hamburger as steak.

Jack Schwartz,
Underground Press Syndicate,
Washington, DC.

,.v

Untaxtul

To the editor:

Regarding your editorial on lili-
“absurdity” of spending sluricnl tax
money on ri concert for students instead
of contributing it to rr “worthy” cause,
you are correct in calling it absurd but for
the wrong reason. l’rrinkly, ihr- Altman
Brothers are simply not worlli $.‘lii,lion
and to appropriate that sum for their
concert is an absurdity. Yet neither iri'r'
William Kuntslcr and Norrnr t‘lirrinsln
worth $3,500. The money. of (’rillisi‘. urns
not, intended for these speakers but r.rrlrr-r
was .i disguised contribution to thr- Alina.
Defense Fund and the lirrcli Mar tirriti‘r'l
'i'ax money, because it is mandated,
should go to providing services for
students rind no one clsc if you ‘.\’|\ll to
contribute to any cause, no ninth-r hon
“worthy”, do it wrth your own morn-y
not mine. In its decision to refuse in
make the appropriation to tlir» ,rlrii'c
mentioned speakers Central (Touncil l.ri'r~rl
this principle head on and lll‘r‘tl irrrrlu- Iirr
apologies. But why the Allinnn llioiliwrx'

Mitch Frost

Blatant Propaganda

To the editor:

And the lies continue! Now tli.ri Nixon
has his “peace with honor" Ii\l‘r the
bodies of a million Vietnamese dr-nrl. .rirrl
5 million wounded illltl lirirrrr-less. llic
propogandn barrage intensifies

The Associated Press rlrsprrtcli by Hugh
Mulligan printed in t February ‘10 ASP
is a fine example. 'llre article is entitled
“l’OW's Survived Malaria, Htar\.riirrn
imagine that! Those dirty roiriirirv» r'.i|i
turcd our crewcut Ainr-r'rcrrn lllii'l'iilirl'\
who had dropped bombs on Ilicrr' lillil's
and cities and hospitals and didn't i'\I rr
feed them steak and potatoes \\li\ lllr
I’UW's even contracted inalrni.r ilr t'il
Jungle who the hell rlrrr-sn'l’
fcrl thr- srimc rice and Vegetable llml Hi-
t'ornrnunrst Milllil'i'x r'.il i'i‘ili.i|r~ on r
Irvine's rniprisrrirnn-irt slioulrl ll.r\l lii'tlt
I'lllt‘l"‘ll liy ('rilriiicl Hriiirlrvi's'

'l‘lic fricl is lliril .iliirri-,i .ill .\irrrrir.rri
l’le's .ii'r- pi'rrl'cssioirrii, \yr-Il Ir.rrr| tl)\l‘l
$.ll),iltl0 in year for a llirif |i|liill '\'.r\ rl
and Air Forci- pilots, iilfrr'ci~ .rirrl iiiilrl,rr\
.lllVlNUl'h working for the HA ‘l'lrc\ .iic
wry different from lllr lr.rli liiilllrili til
once stationed lll South \’rr-l Nani, Illrill\
of wli on were drafted against their \\ill
who smoked rlrrpe, l'i'nggcrl rillicer's. .rirrl
ofii'ii refused to fight the \"ivlrinrnmr-
people

A man who livr-s n llll‘ ol luxury to

llrr \ .li‘ii

from was on till rnr'r-i'rrl‘i crn'i'n-r or on .r
base in 'l‘linilrind, and who rurr Ir rl.i\ |r.r»»
ln‘crikfiiirt iiiirl llicri flit-s li Ililll|llt‘l|'l\
conipuli-rim-rl plnric Wllll'll irons rlc.rrlr
illlfl lll‘hll'llt'llllll (in ii Mictcly ril |ll‘rl‘-.llll
l'rrrrnr-rs is u inr-iceiirir'y and .i iiiuiilcrcl
lft'llli'llllil'i Nuremberg“ Now [lli‘trl'
“heroes”I i'i-ltii'ii wiill lire sliigcrl |'|'H'
monies and l‘eiitrigrrn prepared sprwclrm,
attacking the riritiwiii rnrrvr-ineni .rirrl
amnesty for war resistors and coin
pliiiiiriig bitterly about their li'I'iilIIiI'lIl In
the liberation forces in Vrr-l Nani

The first l'UW relr-rrsr-rl rrclurillv rlciuou
slrrrtc the humane treatment rici'rii'dr-rl
POW'H rind underscores once again the
barbaric suvngery of the U S * grin side
American l'()W's were returned in dignity
directly to American officials and except
for those still rr-covornig l‘roin cornlmi

 

 

 

FRIDAY, MARCH 2, [9715

wounds. the returned Americans were
obviously in excellent health. The de-
tainees had all been given advanceknow-
ledge of their repatriation and the terms
of the Paris agreement on Viet Nam.

By contrast, many of the freed North
Vietnamese and NLF soldiers were
maimed and suffering from untreated
wounds, Until they received assurances
from Provisional Revolutionary Govern-
menl representatives, the detainees did
not know whether they were actually
being released or being taken away to be
assassinated. as had been the fate of most
of their comrades.

The condition of the military prisoners
held by the U S.~Sriigoii side (actually all
Vietnamese captured by the US. forces
who Were not executor] or tortured to
death, as was often the case, were then
turned ovr-r lo Saigon's jurisdictioiil raises
the question of the fate of the hundreds
of liltltlsrintlx of political prisoners still
being held in the jails of the Nguyen Van
'l'lirr-ir regime

There has not yet beer any formal
releasi- program worked out iirnlcr the
pcrrcc :rgrr-r-riicnt for these (lt‘tillllt‘l'h, must
ol whom rirc being held in sulrliuinrrn
i'i)ll(lliltil|.~.. With numerous recent lll
stances rrl torture and Assassination. or
sltl\\' tll'rilll from starvation or illsr" -,
resulting from rnnderpirilr- foorl :rnrl sani
i.rry rrrndrlirriis and non r-sistcnl inr-rliczrl

 

 

 

llr. ,r l“ irrr excuse for the ASP iii prrrit
-,rir‘li lil,il.iirl rrglil wriig proprigrriid: News
xiiilri'rw rillll'i than [\l‘ are cr :rinlv

iIVriilvllllf' ll Illi‘ pi-riplr- iIll iill\ campus
\\r'll|l llri' lrilt‘xl gospel :rr'rordirig lri l)Ick
\ryrrrr iii r.rir read the llt'.ll'hl iicwspripr'rs
in ioiur rrr linlt‘ll to lllrisl radio or TV
|l|'\\\ \'\li\ r~ the ASI’ piirriiiig this pinrisl
i'llltl w.ri r-r'ap‘

'l'lir-rr- \tt'i‘r' after all nearly .r million
.‘\llll'ilt’.|li\ \\l|tl refused to participate in
till I 5‘ '.\,rr r'i'rinr-s iii \'n-l Nrrrn 'l'liesr-
<|r’.rll l|'\l~liil\ rlcsr'i'l.or~., i't'l)l‘ll|iill\ fil's,
lllt'll Ill lll'|‘-1lll‘r, living illllliilll ill as fugi
li\l"\ rrr llli‘~|'ltl|llll'\'ill'1'llll'H'rli iii-irresril
lli' \llli‘ilirrll Will again-rt \Wcl Nani
l'liv-sr rircri \ilro refused to |i|iIIil|\ llillUW
ilir- gr-rrrirrrlnl policies Ill illl' l} H griyr-i'ir
inciit \lllililll lrl' glirii‘rrntci'rl 2i erll‘ return
to lrlr- in [his country

llrrpr-tull\. ill thr- I'urrrr'e. the ASP wi'l

gryr- ll\ stillli' news about the plight ol'our
liliilllt'lN who brrrvr-ly resisted, ririlrr-r than
r-r'lirr lilt' lies about the niilitriiy iriliols
\iliri «.rirrerl Irlll ilii- gmcrriinciii's poli

r It“. The Campus Coalition

.ri

Shaking the Spear

in the editor

I’lllllelh. I'lCAt'lll‘JlH, li'Al‘lll/l'Y,
|r~rnl lllr' yrriii cars,

| Willl' to bury l‘url Hiriiili, not to

praise liirii

'l‘lirv il‘ll-lllllri caused by men rlcriy their
ll'llill‘l',

'l'lii-ii qualifications are ollI-nliiin-sig

lliili'll

So let it be with Curt Smith. The noble
teachers

Have decided Curt Smith is a childish
Marxist.

If it is so, it is a grievous fault

And grievously hath Curt Smith answer-
ed it.

No doubt no one would censure my
opinions

(For these teachers are open-minded
men,

Yes, all of them are open-mined men.)

So here i leave my writing on the wall

Curt was my teacher, inspiring, fine to
me,

But there are those who say he's not
worth keeping,

And all of them are open-minded men.

Curt has brought many to the English
department

Whose interests were tremendously pro-
nouriced;

is popularity cause fora dismissal“

lie knows so much of an exciting genre,

A genre of the future, present, past.

Literature should be broader than the
minds

of men that deep down think science
fiction '5 iurik.

(And all of them are open rrrlr-d
men. l

I remember myrairi discussions

When (‘urt irisl added views like one of
irs,

Nol rlrcrrrlorinlly. is this dogmritic‘.‘

Yet illi'i'l' are those who feel he is
dogmatic,

And illl of them are (ipcn minded men.

lspcak riot to ridicule anyone,

lirr! here I run Io weal: (ll/till I do

Inioui.

You all lovr-rl literature once, not With
out cause,

And literature iiir-nns ’ru'li anrl hope
and life.

() 'Inglisli. art thou fled to fawning
names

Aiirl yawning, stuffy, status-conscious
folk"

ls litr-rnluri- an academic pike" What are
you teachers for" “ear Willi me,

My dreams (if Wilill l'm doing here are
gone

loiilv fer-l crrnir-rnpi. ,fulrlily...

SI’AR l'A ('US

Getty Them Back
To the editor:

i am writing this ll'llcr in the hopes that
It Will be printed in the ASP for all
students wrlli cars to wr- l lizirl heard
from many people that the llrichrsily
tir-lly Station Irir‘1rlcrl near the campus
on Western Avr-rrrir- was very horn-st riiirl
rlid Vt'l'_\’ good work i went, there about
two weeks .rgrr to bare my car greased
:rnd orlcrl lrr-lrrre inspection ilhi-y conlrl
Inii iilfrr'iri||\ lll\|l1'l’l lllt' car because they
(Io Iiril ll.r\l' .i Iir'rriscl ‘l'hcy offered to
givr- inr- .riiy .rrlyicr- “fr-m- ol charge" nliriul
Wll.|l the inspector might tell inc was
wrong With my I'.ir, so that I would not
“gr-l lirlrcn"

llriwrwcr'. l was “really Lilli-ii" by Mike,
llll‘ irwnr-r' ril llniyci'sily (ii-try iii-sides .r
ll\l rrl other things that he told "lt‘ wrrs
Wrong With my crii, llt‘ lolll iiic lliril lilt'
hillll'lt\ Wl'rl' llil(l riiirl should lie |'('|lllll'|‘(l
to pas.» the inspection Knowing Very little
about (“1' entire iiiatiei', rind trusting liirii,
llcl liiin put in the shocks

llprrn speaking to iriy parents, i found
oiil llirrl my car had new shock absorbers
put in ilrrrw irionliis rigo tlint were under
guarantee They were declared lri be ill
perfect condition by the company that
originally pirl lilt'lll in (ictty kept on
record of illl' price that l lirid paid for the
shocks | bouglrl from them tiny bill was
not itcirri/rdi illltl wrrnld orin refund my
money after 2i git-til den] of pressure from
letters sent to the Attorney (icni-ral rind
ritlli‘i's

I found Illll llliil the owner of (iclty is
rnrt the more as the ones who prevrously
gave good sr-rvrcr- to the students The
(lolly station changed ownership in
January Hr», H’l‘lHHCN’l‘H Bl‘IWARl‘I. 'l‘lii-
ownr-r. Mike, srill claims tlnrl hers iusti
fir-d llowr-vr-r, lili' facts still proVe that he
trierl to client me out of money, llll(i tliiil
he riiiglii also try the same on one of
you!‘

Murcia Wanner

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

Fizz Ed

To the editor:

In reference to the opinion poll as to
how student tax money should be spent,
I think it left out one very necessary item
- the need for a fieldhouse. Granted that
concerts are a good thing to have but why
not have them in our own ﬁeldhouse
which is all planned but lacks the
necessary funds?

Anyone who uses the present university
gym is aware of the outrageous situation
there. inter-collegiate sports, intramurals,
and physical education classes have prac-
tically a monopoly on the use of the gym
which leaves the everyday student
looking for some exercise out in the cold.
Very often we go down to the gym, take
out a basketball, get dressed, start
shooting around and promptly get chased
off because "this sport has practice" or
“that class needs the gym“.

instead of shelling out $30,000 for a
rock group, or money to the gay alliance,
or $14,000 to change WSUA from mono
to stereo, why .not direct the funds
toward building of our fieldhouse. which
was promised but never liuilt'.’

Besides allevrating the dire need for
more physical education facilities, the
l'ieldlrouse would provrde an excellent site
for the concerts which are placed so high
on ilie list by students

Andrew Sulzbach,
Eric Eisner,
Alan Feinei

 

 

 

(on iv in n..~.r -- trilli lrr- ivi-i:
.wiriir-rr .r-,.| ,rrlriic-ruwl In

it! Ir-r,.ri i’,rrc| tlrlrrt

nitrrrrv ‘rlilili'irl l’ii".‘, ‘rriN‘r/x

(.rr-ri-r- r‘rrrr'r 'lilli

 

:rrrtrrrginiﬂ 17722
llirll's. 'lrt'rr' .rrr- l'tli'iirirllitiiir .r

I‘irit'drrlrr w. rrl‘ H mm. n r-,‘ irrrxlrpit‘ri.

 

 

The Wheelock Turns

To the editor:

After hearing that Alan Wheelock‘s (lays
are numbered as a member of our Ul‘llVL‘l“
sity community, we feel rr sense of very
prslified indignation. As students of this
more than exceptional instructor, we feel
fl is our obligation to let the administra-
tion, students, and more specifically, the
English Department know

The enthusiasm that Dr. Wheelock
brings to eVery class meeting is (‘tllliil'
gurus. His love of knowledge sparks
~rrrriilrrr iii-sires in his students ()iii- lenies
his class in awe of his endless wealth of
knowledge, but more importantly, wrlli .i
great rlesirc lo expand irirlrvrdunlly

In our impersonal institution. i)l'
Wlir-r-lrrck is one of the few professors
whose ilUIlI' is always open to his sin
dents llis Willingness to listen rind extend
himself to them is reflected III his wide-
spi‘ctiil popularity on this campus

The sad part of this controversy is that
nobody is disputing l)|‘ Wlieelock's excel-
lr-iicr- as an instructor The nucstion is one
of an archaic tradition taking precedence
over exceptional teaching ability.

We as students are r‘oiiipletely disgusted
wrlli an English Department who rirlii~
tr'ririly dismisses its most capable iristi'uc
tors in total disrcgiirri of our winllt'h
Home action must be trilreii immediately,
so that future students are not denied the
superior teaching ability of Alan

 

 

Wlieeloc k
Diana Aronchick
Helen Bloch
. v .
lint i\l|irili,' Trlinli'irl f'ii'5\ it. iilrik
on; irrr .rri ,iriilillritrrrl r .rirrr-rr r~.r lrIi

lliri erirtrnral |l.|i)l“i

It you .rrr- riiliiiitstr'ii or williii‘) srrrr
tItll .r 'rriIIIIili' itllillllil lrr iirr- riririru r.iI
page editor l‘.rrniirrst'errir-r l.’ti You

nary trim in iwr-ri,

 

PAGE ELEVEN

