sorrow-l all
.umaomo not

 

Ill-tine
to in i

 It" ta .“ My
ve been drastic, but

icism ,  in Justified ~

when it serves tor’aze to the ground
old standards. and complacency. I
am ready to give A.D. a kick in the
’ nts, or raising my estinmtion of

' it, a slap on the back.

"  week neither presentation
miscarried ,too;badly. Miss Diffin

“scours sol-roll“ made a gallant attempt at a sea tra-

- “sects-rs loll-on

' i

 

- Aiken munications‘ehoul‘d be addressed to the editor and
must: lilo ‘si'ned. Names will be withheld upon re nest
The STAT COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsi titty
fon-"opinionswexpressedinlits columns or communications
 ch‘ expressions do. not necessarily reflect its view.

.,. g.»  , 

1H: 4 I ,y I

for. Charlty s Sake . . .

, ' The annual Campus Chest drive is slated to 
gin at State next Friday, when we’ll once again be
asked to shell out for sweet charity. ‘

It should not be necessary to point out the value

of thisief-fort', which corresponds to the Cominunity
Cheat'kfund Condii ted for the city at large. The
organizations whi’ receive the financial support
are nationally recognized groups dedicated to char-
itableipufboSéS-"i" .
“ 'The‘blg problem here is whether we can afford
to donate any of Our usually inadequate funds. Stu-
dents are known the world over as a poverty-
stricken group anyway, and this condition seems
especially acute at State.

 

j Before deciding definitely that charity will get .

thego-by this year,» however, get out your slide
rule and calculate: the amount you spend at the
Boul each day. Add to this the sum that rolls into
the cash register at Ockies, the 119, etc. each week-
end. Then examine the total carefully. ‘ -,

If you still feel that Campus Chest won’t ﬁt into
your budget, you are probably justified in not con-

tributing. Otherwise, make a sincere effort to ‘

meet the quota set for each individual.

Thei'Pendulum .. . .

'. Not: so long, ago the common complaint was that
Rivalry lacked’spirit.‘ Participating classes seemed
apathetic about competition, and very little spon-
taneous activity was“ seen between Thanksgiving
and Moving-Up Day.

There is no cause for 'such grumbling now, with
both the Sophomores andq‘freshmen battling furi-
ously over every point. As. is often the case, the
pendulum is in danger of Swinging too far in the
opposite direction,changing from apathy to belllg-
erent r enthusiasm. '

'The basic purpose of rivalry is to create a healthy
sense of competition between State’s two “young-
est” classes. When it degenerates into a series of
personal grudges, the system loses all value as a uni-
fying force. Instead it becomes a very tangible

barrier to the development of class spirit, for unity Tom

based on aggression and ill will is a very temporary
thing. .7‘

The responsibility, as usual, rests with the indi-
viduals in each class. The pendulum is now pass-
ing the mid-point of its path. Why not let it stop

there?

Do You Care?

The revival of rivalry spirit and growing inter-
est in school affairs has occasioned no parallel in-
crease in attention to the forthcoming gubernatorial
and Congressional elections. According to reports,
many students, including those of voting age, know
nothing of the campaign issues nor of the com-
peting candidates, outside of a few personal and
sometimes fallacious facts.

Can we, as future teachers and supposedly intel-
ligent members of society, afford to put our heads
in the sand, like the ostrich, hoping for the best,
but really caring very little until after the issues
have ﬂaw?  the critics lama the
arts»,  .2: .,  J on we our , soon
now. sud put theexperlence gainedto pod use
when «have our  to vote. ,

gedy and airfiel’st succeeded. To sum-
marize the'faults: Set-clumsy, did

' not suggest a ship’s cabin, unrealis-

tic portholes and stove, organ poorly
located so that it caused poor stage

- business in the. end, the silly toy

pistols holding men armed with
knives at bay, glaring spotlight that
destroyed facial ekpression. Acting—
Barbara. Dunker’s' efforts were

' couasn NO. Vl—‘lTlie ands Mighty on. Is He."

~ , ~"Barselou's play .w'

vs C 9°. _.
. despite theasinine,’ adolescent. and,

uncalled for laughter-of. the chal-
lower. part of the audience. He is to
be commended for thezwwell icon-
eeived and well sustained use of
music that gave the plays mood it
wOuld not have had otherwise. Reich
in the main role did‘a geod Job of
being natural on  stage most
of the time. The love scene with
Miss Frans, who played her role and
the organ convincingly, was a little
self-conscious and uneven. However,
he underplayed the increasing un-
easiness and feeling of impending
disaster that would have given the
play its logical development to the
tragic close. '

Instead of saying, these plays
might have been worse, let us be
positive and say they could be hot-
er.

 



 

The Common-Stator is given the widest latitude as author of this
column, although his manipulate do not necessarily reﬂect those of the

State College News.

 

Slate-MM

 

 

 

By ROCKFORD and WORTH
. Here

satin 1-
one of those
triangles. The
idea is not particu-
larly new, but yet it is
that, despite its
staleness and lack of humor,
most everyone will read this all
the way down to the very, very end.‘
We see by the papers that Indiana
State has resumed wrestling on the
Campus . . . my, my.
Sock hops have stepped up into
the ranks of latest college fads.

AN OPEN LETTER TO CO-Op '

Could you please inform the stu-
dent body why it is necessary to levy
a tax for cashing a. check when;

(a) Members of the faculty are
not charged for this service?

(1,) Your bank charges only So
for each item on your deposit slip,
and your charge for cashing checks
is in proportion to its size?

We should be glad to devote space
in this column to your answe , as
the student body is interested in
this problem.

THE THREE M’s

——May, Andrew J. is running for
reelection to the House of Repre-
sentatives. Mead is busy. Anticipat-
ing more profits from another war,

Skidmore and Brockport report that Andy?

they’re loads of fun, but oh, what a
job to find your shoes! Well seniors.
if you’re wondering how you’re go-
ing to pack everyone in the gym at
your sport dance. there's a solution.
However, we ain’t responsible for
guthin’ and that includes ventila-
on.

Just in case, you’re wondering why
our columns are getting shorter and
shorter—we quote from the Buffalo
Bee: “College poll reveals Chester-
field add tops in popularity with
students." -

Speaking of being crowded out,
rumor has it that Jitterbugging has
reached such a dangerous peak that
some of the more skilled addicts
have taken to doing somersaults off
balconies, turning cartwheels and
other contortions which have caused
deadly fear among the green-er
I orns.

The latest from chpstch:

, Tom, the Piper's son

Stole a pig and away he run
Tomwastall,thepigwssslnsll
And all he got was one meatball.“

Sadie Hawkin’s Day being Just
around the corner —- better get in
shape—no more cigs for a few days
—Pl:ppa Yokuln’s even cut his toe-

nai .

Union-RP! rivalry is coming to a
head. Last get:
us some pre 5 rong language—
even to the suggestion of severing
intercollegiate ties with RPI. Seems
as Union campus took cldte s
drubbing last weekend. After
these years could it be that in Union
there is not strength?

Are you tired? Do your midsems
m different lately? They do? You

w.—

Sut first I’d really like to slam.
The one who copies my exam.
The other is the dirty skunk,
Who covers his and lets me flunk.“

Socrates said “one must do a
crazy thing once in a while to keep
from going nuts." So we wrote our
column. 

——Marga-ret Truman had her face
lifted. Harry is beginning his bid
for renomination by first policing
up the area at home. No relation to
Ceranose DeBergerac, any more.

—Molotov is asking for all nations
to disarm. Stalin recently refuted
our belief that he had 200 divisions
under arms. Said there were only
60. We had less than 100 for' our
double war . .

ti.

Suggestion to the Janitorial staff:
Couldn't you leave the first floor
door of Draper leading to the peris-
tyle open on evenings that the li-
brary is open, so that students could
gain access to that place of study
without having to walk all the way
around the college area?

NOTE TO CAMPUS COMMISSION

We erred. The deal mentioned last
Week about the vie for the Commons
was completely legit, as a check of
the books showed. Apologies for a
case of poor reporting.

Now how about doing something
constructive about the hall situation
in Richardson between classes? That
sign on the landing between 1st and
2nd floors is hardly sufficient, al-
tho it gets our nod for the un-nest-
est poster seen in 6 years. And ap-
proved by Campus Commission.

In MUCH ABOUT norumo

Since State started issuing diplo~
mas in 1909. a total of 10,272 have
been aworded.

Add to our orchid garden Hillel
{Ewe} Forum’s Soap Box. and

APO
lli' downstate peeper says to
watch Troy for the solution to that
big bank robbery pulled in Pougll-
keepsie some time

Or as the man said

i W A m the 0°“
»-  " 'vfin fell out of that/em. “Ballot 10-

‘Thenks to Andy’s Antiques.
"monks sssio. .
mile-bum:

, arse tllst.”
Which applies to the column. this
week.ssyouncdcubtwillsglse.

 ,ﬂw. ~

' Itis no little envy that we have noticed 'of late a

‘” ’ tricky technique employed by one of the New York

tabloids. To wit: come their Sunday supplement, they

make use atom of our country's oldest and widely '

knonw institutions: the Smiths. Very nearly every
Saturday, a. reporter from aforementioned publication
drops a nickel in the slot and dials, all the Smiths in
Staten Island Directory. Then he poses a question
and takes down the answar--and the next day, the
Staten Island Smiths find themselves, and their com-
ments, in print. Since Staten Island holds no priority
on Smiths, and since a rather important issue is com-
ing up exactly four. daysvfrom. the moment in which
you are reading these Words, we decided to hold a
pol of our own. The question:

Whom do you want to win the gubernatorial election

—and why? The answers come from the State 001- ‘

lege Smiths: ~

G. Barbara Smith, Grad student: "DeWey. For many
reasons . . ._especially because of his attitude toward
teachers. I had the pleasure of being present at the
inauguration of Commissioner Spaulding when Gov-
ernor Dewey made a speech outlining what he will do
about teachers’ salaries, pension rights, working con-
ditions, state aid to education, etc. He was very sincere
and determined in his, efforts to aid both educations
and teachers in this state. In fact, he virtually invited
.teachers to demand better conditions and pay.”

Lucy Smith, ’47: “Ha ha ha . . .”

Margaret Smith, ’48: “Mead. I think he had a fine
record in the Senate and would be capable of handling
the position of Governor. He seems to be sincere and
I don’t think he’s biased. I guess that's about all."

SaUy Smith, ’47: “Must don’t want Dewey."

Alice Smith, '49: "I just don’t want Mead.”

Eddie Smith, ’50: “Dewey because of his splendid
record; past record, that is.” ‘

Rosa Mae Smith, '47: “I think Mead would be a
better selection right now. Isn’t there a more worthy
use for the State surplus than a trans-state highway
that Dewey has sta‘rted‘to build?"

Dick Smith, '47: “I would rather see Mead win, per-
sonaly. I think Dewey has made'tan awful mess of
housing, teachers’ salaries, and other projects.”

Millard Smith, 48%: “How do you like that! Gov-
ernor Dewy, because of his ability to govern without
the use of a machine type of government and because
I seriously believe that he is thinking seriously about
the veterans, and because I agree wholeheartedly with
his policies as to the use of the State surplus."

Ruth Smith, ’50: “Dewey. In the first place, because
he is a Republican. He seems to know what he is
doing, and if the example of the veterans’ taking
over the state office building is an example of Mead,
I don’t want him."

Barbara Jean Smith, '50: "Well, I'd vote for DeWey.
I think he has cleaned out a lot of the crookedness
in Albany. He goes to our church and I sat in his pew
—I was so excited.”

Dorothy Smith, '50: "Oh, I don't know—I guess I'd
vote for Mead. He was a good Senator—I have no opin-
ions on the subject."

Florence Smith, '49: "Dewey has a nice mustache.
My parents vote for whomever they think is the best
man; no particular party. Probably I’d vote for DeWey
because he has been in office and we just automatic-
ally know more about Him."

Doris Smith, '49: “Well, in Ed. 10, Dr. Beik was talk-
ing about this bill for raising teachers' salaries. If
Dewey got in with a big plurality, there wouldn't be
likely to be this raise. If Mead gets in, he has prom-
ised money to all different organizations and we
might possibly get it from him—although it is a pos-
sibility that you wouldn't get it from him because
he’s promising it to so many different organizations.
So therefore I would vote for Mead because I think
there would be a better chance to get the raise that
way. and that is the only thing that has taken me
one way or the other. My parents are Republican, and
otherwise I would vote for Dewey."

We haven’t found time to question Staten Island yet.
but at State College, Dewey wins by a Smith!

College Calendar ---

Friday, November 1—
8:00—11:00 P.M.—W.A.A. Hayride, Students to
meet in front of Pierce Hall.
8:00—12:00 PM—Vic party at VanDerzee Hall.
 glﬁ._§z Open House for Statesman.
: z . .— ewman Hail Hail ' .
Saiurdhy. November 2— owe en party
800 P.M.-—Senior Big-8 in Page Hall.
8:00—12:00 P.M.—AE Phi Open House for States-

men.
0:00 Péléfrl-Intgrgglrsity presents Dr. Francis
see a Ballroom. His to i “
Bible—Fact or Fictional." p o is The
Twiggy: 1glovelnher 5-—
: :30 PAL—Music Council's
Room 28, Richardson. record hour.
4:30 P.M.—Rivalry hockey game.
7:30 ngg‘hristian Science Meeting, Room 101.
3:30 P.M.——A:D. plays directed b l
Arthur madman y C oria Jaffer and
"fifth “limo? “‘
: . .—— cc of Forum in the Lounge
7:30 P.M.—Chemis Club i '
Hume“. in tiation, Room 250.
“7 30-35%”ng disc
: ..—- snc ,uuionatNewmanlel.The
subject is “Amman Dem . w
m and ." curacy vs Racial

 

. + soul; Roll}, 
. ,1.TCn,_lgl1f  ' Afternoon 

l . 4.. " "ll’
’ i  ponsoringlts yiinnual hay-
ride this “yelling at 7:30 p. m..for
3* bers’of WAA. The ride will
‘3] p" at Miss Johnston's farm

or ate and. entertainment.
'Elive'ryone will meet at Pierce, pro-
: \ by bus to the Plaza and trans-
to a Slingerlands bus from there.
..Sittig, ’49, chairman of the
vent, has arranged for the wagons

L to” be waiting at the end of the bus

' e-
.Only the first 60 who sign up will
be able to go since only No wagons

“were available for the evening.

From the reports of last year even
26 in a wagon is too much—seems
as though several enthusiasts fell
off the wagons and had to break
into quite a trot to catch up again.
Melodrama Featured ,
Instead of coming back to the gym
for entertainment and refreshments
the hay-bedeeked group has been
invited to stay at Miss Johnstons
farm .for coke and cookies. Rumor
has it that entertainment a 19. Elm,
Ellie that is, will be a great melo-
drama, which takes place in the
equipment room of the gym. “It will
be superb", unquote Ellie Binn.
There will be a slight fee of 250
to cover haidling cost, a trifling
sum in comparison to the fun that
has been planned for the evening.

, There is a sign-up sheet on the WAA

bulletin board in lower hall of
Draper.
WAA Tea _

The WAA tea is scheduled for No-
vember 12 in the lounge. Marion
Hawkins, ’49, is chairman of the ef-
fair and promises good entertain-
ment in the usual manner.

Miss Johnston and Miss Murray,
Physical Ed directors of State and
Milne respectively, will pour at this
event.

Court Matches
Near Completion

With the results of the next two
tennis matches, the winner of the
men’s singles will be determined.
In the semi-finals Mullin defeated
Hoyt 6-0. 6-0, the latter beating
Feeney by‘ default in the second
round. The Rabmeau-Christy play-
off resulted in 6-1, 6-1 victory for
Raineau in the second round and
Kloepfel defaulted to Root because
of a broken ankle. The Rabineau-
Root match remains to complete the
semi-finals and the Victor will meet
Mullins to decide the winner of the
tournament.

With the aid of good weather, the
whmen’s singles tournament is near-
ing the completion of the first
round. In the first round Tilden de-
feated Sweeney. Sittig bowed to
Sowa and Callahan beat Zellengold.
Binn was defeated by Bankers and
the Iorio-Hotaling match was won
by Iorio. The matches between Jos-
lin and Mahoney, and O’Grady and
Jerue are yet to be played.

The mixed doubles tournament
seems to be at a standstill at the
completion of the semi-finals. Some
time in the near future the Stone-
Callahan duo will meet the Mars-
land-Quinn combination, and Feeney
and O'Grady will play off their
match against Valentino and part-
ner.

553 Sets Folder Deadline

Miss Mary Rita Alberta, head of
the Student Employment Bureau,
has announced that all Seniors and
Graduates must hand in their fold-
ers before November 8. A registra-
tion fee of $5.00 is also due at this
time. Any Seniors whose folders
are ready may contact her imme-
liatcly. Miss Alberts’ office is in
Milne.

fl "c

Letty“?! Experience
0n Side of Sophs

With the rivalry Campus Day
races out of the way. and the Soph
girls emerging as winners, .the wom-
en of both classes are looking for- '
ward to the hockey game which will
be played Tuesday afternoon on
Page Field at four o’clock.

With the ideal weather that has»
been prevalent these past weeks,
both teams have had time for sev-
eral practices on the dorm field. The

 

Willi "' ’1

'MAA‘Bulleh'n   ’   

Attention all men! There are
managerial positions open for
men from all classes for the var-
sity and Junior Varsity basket-
ball squads. These positions are
to be filled on a competitive basis,
managers being selected on the
opening day of the basketball
season. All interested individuals
are asked to contact Eugene Mc-
Laven, ’48, or leave a note in the
MAA mail box immediately.

thirty

basketball» Monday.  Veterans dom-
inated- the: large squad and with
therbarsdown on freshman partici-
pation in Varsity competition, many
fresh turned out. . - v

Coach Hathaway greetcd the
squad and outlined his plans for a
Varsity team. The fundamentals of
basketball were stressed as the
coach drilled the squad on passing,
dribbling, and bail-handling. The

 

squad displayed enthusiasm despitc

 

frosh, coached by Wilma Dlehl and
Dorothy Diffin, juniors, played the

Milne Varsity and held them to a ' I  d
1-1 tie, while the sophs were held N ew y eCle

to a 0-0 tie. The Milne school has

always boasted a strong team and M AA G
if this is any indication of the type l'O

of game that will be played there
should be an excellent one.

Show Cooperation

shown themselves to be more pro-

Holds Meeting

unusual October heat. Participation
in other fall sports has the candi-
dates in this physical shape and Mr.
Hathaway stressed conditioning for
the long loop season.
To Scrimmage Friday

Coach Hathaway's plans call for
daily practices from five-thirty to
seven o’clock. Preliminary practices
include passing, shooting, and ball-

The newly elected officers of the handling arms. The coach intends
wi'fﬁeazoggzxsgggmidouéggst Kg” executive committee of the Men’s to ease his squad into shape with
p l ' “3 Athletic Association held their first several sessions in both set and field

regular meeting Tuesday night. The shooting .before the first scrimmage

ﬂuent 1“ teamwork m the pracf'ice results of last Friday's elections were scheduled for Friday.

sessions. Ienson, Jeslln, and Pless,
in the forward line, backed up by
Evans, (a newcomer), Sittig, and

tion that is necessary for a hockey

squad. Bennett, Marsher, and Mo- 48

berg will also see some action for
the Sophomore agregation. There is
a question as to whether Mickey
Seaman, class WAA manager, will

been ill in bed for two days.
Frosh Line'Strong

committees:

as follows:
V.-P. Recreation: Harold Weber,

Donnelly, are showing the coopera- '47- ,
V.-P. Managers: Eugene McLaren, Evans. and Tom Linker. Marsland

Secretary: John Dooley. '48.

Veterans Bolster Squad
Returning from last year's Var-
sity are “Bola” Moreland “Red”

specializes in defensive play and is
valuable for his ability to get the
ball off the boards. Evans and Link-

Flnanoial Sea: Ray Momma-18348. er, both dependable performers, will
After some discussion it was 9.8- bolster the young team. Slated for
be well enough to play, as she has road to divide. the newly elected plenty of action are “Walt” Schich.

Varsity

Miller, Kirby,

3. years.

class members of the representative Tom O'Brien, Ken George, Cy Fer-sh,
council into the followingAmmtiiwrgg Wink Marcella and Jack Kirby.

e = Schick was captain and star of Bay .
Ca-pel. Mullin. Beninati. George; 111- Shore High School Varsity for two 8"“ deal 01 °Pp°llt1°n in BMW
The Frosh, with Ruth Matteson, (mammals: W.

Ken George saw action at

newly elected class manager. will Merritt, Trainor; Publicity: Gipp, Albany's Phillip Schuyler High.
have to put out a Well-balanced Poulos, Zanchelli. T. O'Brien; Clubs O'Brien and Marcella are expert.
team if the freshmen are coins to and Recreation: Ruback, w. Corn- enced performers 111 Capitol District
take the two rivalry hockey points. wan, Kltmdge, Jackson,

Boasting a strong forward line of Duties of and,“ Commute“

Hendel and McCuen, wings, Adams

The duties of each committee were

play. while Fersh and Kirby both
had high school experience.
The alumni will furnish competi-

and Kelleher as inners, and Free] as outlined at the meeting. The var. “on for the ﬁrst game December 7.

center, the fI‘OSh are excellent on Of- sity athletic comntee is to 

fense. If the halfbacks, Hotaling,

Arrangements for games with area

the coach in arranging varsity colleges are being completed by Mr.

smith! and Mattesonv are backed schedules, making hotel reservations Hathaway,
to

up by Hartman and the other full-

and similar matters pertaining

backs, they might be able to stop state varsity team.

The intramural committee is to SaphomOfes Win

’49’s offense and go on to win.

However, according to an un-

organize all intramural sports, ar-

biased opinion, the Sophs have the range league sche‘iules and make R- I P  
the advantage over the Frosh. This provmon for the training and    a
edge is based on the fact that the scheduling of officials for these lea-

sophs have played together as a unit
before. But with both teams having
more opportunity for practice, the
games with Milne, and the rivalry
points in the balance, the school, and
especially hockey enthusiasts should
see an outstanding game.

Gents Top Raiders;
Vanzee Downs Gents
Two free-scoring, wide open grid
mural competition. Sayles Gentle-
men downed The Raiders and Van

Derzee edged the Gentlemen.
Scoring in every period the Gen-

Beninatl passed to Jackson. The

run. Weber tossed to Schick and gested by Coach Hathaway but no

system
awards.

gue contests.

The rivalry pushball game last
Friday afternoon on Page Field

The “‘93 0f the Public“? °°m' started off and ended up with a big

mittee are self-explanatory.

The club and recreation comlmittee
Earﬁgugugﬁgsseugﬁeagnggnmat 31nng pulling frosh. The majority of the
Mg. hiking, etc" in whic'hmlgtﬁere are spectators remained uninjured, sur-
enough men interested to make it
worthwhile. This committee is also
to work with WAA in the arrange-
ment of co-ed recreational activities.

Point Award System

bang, as the pushing Sophs rolled
three rivalry points away from the

prisineg enough, considering the
ferocity with which both teams
fought.

The Sopns had the upper hand in
the contest, as several members of
their team have played here in

other matters discussed included previous years. Kinn Monroe. Mer-
games featured play 1“ recent 1mm" the possibilities of a point award ritt, Bibrano, Powell'Amyot, Wilcox

in addition to varsity and Howrath used their experience
It was suggested that men to win for '49 as they did in ’42.

not skilled enough to make 1virility! Copping tgee pl;ﬁlt5,t:11}et1§olilh-
teams or handicapped for p yscn omores even . up e a e r v-
tlemen routed the Eagle?! 12 $18: reasons from active participation airy score.
The Gentlemen score 5 could receive some kind of award.

Until the pushball tilt
the freshmen were leading with

The idea of setting up a store for three points gained from football
Raiders rebounded to tally on a the sale or gym equipment was sup victory.

On Campus Day the rival classes

Jam‘s“ '50 complete second half action was taken. Before adjourn- split again, dividing equally the

scoring.

ment the committee unanimously points allotted for rivalry
Jumping 011’ to an early lead, Va“ agreed that the expenses for Bob events.

field
Two points went to the

Derzee scored on a run by Btone- Kloepfel's injury in the pushball Sophs in the women's events and
The Gentlemen evened the 500" 0“ game be taken from the MAA-WAA the frosh won the two points allot-

a Weber-Jackson heave. Breaking
away from scrimmage, Stone plung-
ed over from the fifteen. Schick
snared a Weber toss to complete
first half scoring. Again in the
second half runs were the deciding
factor. Stone tallied once from the
thirty and again from the five. The
final score was 25-18 in favor of
Van Derzee.

 

Telephone 4-2290

20 So. PEARL STREET

 

 

Manolo/n Z” .C/écmwm

WATCHES and DIAMONDS
a] Better Quality

Est. 1877

ALBANY, N. Y.

 

 

Assistance Fund.

ted for the men.

 

 

 

785 Madison Ave.

 

 

 

 

Where all the' Students Meet

MADISON

SWEET

Home Made ICE CREAM
SODAS —— CANDY — SANDWICHES
Luncheon Served Daily

OPEN DAILY AT IA. I.

S H O P
ALBANY, N. Y.

- er, ‘ insnswcredoosch tug
Hathawlw's first  for Vanity 

coach fseems very
the way _. the boysyf‘
The first, impression ofltllet‘csm is:
that it lacks? height ass: whole,  '
it doeshave speed.and:thst allzint- .
portant element; enthusiasm.  _

Budget Troubles

So far, the team is about 30 strong.
enough for a Varsity and ,a'JVtealn.
We would like very much to see
State put two teams on the floor but
there is one little catch. The MAA
for the Varsity squad because, of
budget can only‘a‘bsorb the
various initial expenses encountered
this season. If we are to have a
JV team the money will have to be
raised from another source. Severnl
suggestions have been offered from
various quarters which we feel are
at least suﬂiciently feasible to be
brought to the attention of the stu-
dent body.

The first is that the money be
raised through the medium of the
rivalry classes. It is estimated that
$250.00 would-cover JV expenses. If
both classes would contribute $125.00
towards this cost. we could have
the JV team this year. There is
also the possibilitythat the money
could be taken from the surplus
fund. However we feel that any
plan of this sort would arouse a

Association with a negative result.
There is a third alternative. that of
diverting some of the B “8” money
to this program. Fo 1y, it has
been suggested that MAA make a
line transfer of their budget to pro-
vide for this added expense. We
feel that MAA would not be willing
to sacrifice other sports for an ad-
ditional expense for basketball.
MAA is already confined this year
year because it lacks the equipment
necessary for additional sports that
it would like to sponsor. At any
rate, this matter is worth your at-
tention and consideration.

Intramural Basketball Prospects

It looks from here as though MAA
intramurals should have a big sea-
son. With the return of the Frets
to campus, there should be at least
8 teams in' the league this winter.
We are advised that the schedule
will start immediately after Thanh-
giving vacation.

Because of crowded conditions in
the gym, all the games will be play-
ed at night and will probably begin
at 7:00 P. M. as soon as Varsity
practice is over. Again we stress
the importance of showing for games
on time because more than one
game will have to be played, each
evening. Team captains or man-
agers are requested to turn in their
lists to Al Stone as soon as possible.

THE
HAGUE
STUDIO

“Portraiture At Its Finest"
‘Q Q.
HOLLYWOOD COMES

EAST TO TAKE
YOUR PORTRAIT

‘~

OPEN 9:00 to 5:80 DAILY
Evenings by appointment

Ill MADISON AVENUI
TELEPHONE I-Wl'f

 

 

 

l",

