 

 

 

 

i,
f
i
l.
l
i
i
i

 

 

mmnwmam»  .

 

oo Little, Too Late
 guiding principle for all action around State

Seem: to be this—wait until things go beyond the
point of endurance and then do something made-

qu'ua’te about it.

Yes, we have something definite in mind. Any-
one who has classes on the second or third floor of
Richardson has undoubtedly encountered this sit-
uation: when the bell rings to end classes, dozens
'of people immediately fill the stairway and halls
in a desperate attempt to reach first floor. In the
meantime, an equal number are struggling to get
up the same stairs, and the daily result is an al-
most complete deadlock. It takes anywhere from
three to seven minutes to travel only a few yards,
and plenty of people have been late for classes be-
cause of this.

What has been done about the problem? To date,
the only tangible sign of action is a lurid poster
imploring students to refrain from conversation
or loitering while using the stairway. It is hardly
possible that those responsible for 'such problems
expect one poster to do a job that will require the
active and constant participation of several peo-
ple.

Most of the congestion is not caused by unthink-
ing individuals who delight in exchanging social
repartee on the stairs. It results from the stu-
pendously simple fact that too many students are
required to use the stairway at the same time—
,nothing more and nothing less.

Why can’t some arrangement be made to stagger
dismissal time, allowing those who have classes on
third floor to leave a few minutes early so they
have at least a fighting chance of getting down.
Rumor has it that the faculty does not approve of
such an arrangement, but the slight inconvenience
should be more than justified by the relief it would
afford. And why not force those going to class
to wait until the first wave has descended the
stairs before they start up? They would still have
plenty of time to get to class and wouldn’t be ag-
gravating a hectic situation.

The next suggestion will sound high-schoolish,
but it is necessary. Members of Campus Commis—
sion should be on the spot to see that regulations
are observed, and they must be given sufficient
power to punish offenders. There are some who
Claim that hall monitors are not needed at the
college level, but just reflect on the Friday morning
melee in Page and you will realize that very few
march out “in orderly fashion” unless someone is
there to force them to do so.

Just one final word. In spite of the efforts of
Campus Commission to clear out lower Draper,
there are still a few individuals in the idiot cata-
gory who insist on holding prolonged conversations
while standing between the stamp booth and the
entrance to the women’s locker room. T hese groups
congregate every morning in spite of everyone’s ef-
forts, so this is in the nature of an appeal—another
appeal, that is——to carry on social contacts else—
where.

 

STATE CCLLEGE NEWS

Established May 1916
By the Class of 1918

 

October 25, 1946 No. 5

Membe Distributor
Associated (.‘olicglatc l’reas Collegiate Digest

The umlcrgrxuluale newspaper of the New York State (loi-
iege for ‘i‘eaehers; published every Friday of the college
year by the NEWS lloard for the Student Association.
l'hoaes: 'l‘eaaier. :idlﬁdii; imam-k. H~lHilz I'endor, iiuaiay.
Z-liliill, Karla, 8—0287; Siloisliy. mam. Members of the news
staff may he real-bod ’l‘nvs.. amt Wed. frqu 7 to it till) i’..\I.
at li-fiitl‘l.

Vol. XXXI

 

The News Board

MARY F. TEBSIER u . .
BERNARD M. BKOLBKY . . .
ANN LUBCOK .
LORNA KUNZ

PATRICIA QHEEHAN

VIRGINIA DAY

MARTHA DUNLAY

MARGERY FENDER

CAROL CLARK .

ANN MAY . . . . . -
MARJORY ELMORB CLARK

«mu. 2

All couuuunieatioua should be addressed to the editor and
must be signed. Names will be withheld upon ruluost.
’l‘ho fi'i‘A’I‘I'l (filliill'ltlif Nl'iWhl aauiuaea no rcaponairliity
for opinions ox aroused in Its columns or mantaanications
am such current; one do not necessarily reflect Its v ow.

lDITOR-IN-CHIKI’
MANAGING EDITOR
BUSINESS MANAGER
CIRCULATION MANAGIR
SPORTS EDITOR
IPORTI EDITOR
ADVERTISING MANAGER
ADVERTISING MANAGER
AHUDCIATE EDITOR
ABIOCIATE lDlTOR

- AIﬁOCIATE EDITOR

 

 

 

,.AW..~.-.w bun; 

, ., 

UTAH COM-III Rm. FRIDAY. OCTOIIR 3!. rue

 

 

 

‘74. 3am Goad/t

.8, lock 36”“—

 

The poster art of state Collegeaptly stuffed between the time it
has been trying for the last week took us to get seated and the inter-
to impress us with the imminent re-misslon. It was characterized by

turn of Advanced Dramatics. which
during the wartime period of aus-
terity was not even rationed to us
but was completely taken away—
something which, we all agree.
amounted to pretty close a hard-
ship. Therefore, the innermost
cockles of our hearts were warmed
by this news, and the culture-con-
scious among us were thrown into
a state of agogness while waiting.

Tuesday night before the eager
throngs of students who were so-
crificing precious study time for art
or simple amusement at least, who
were filled with the inexpressible
anticipation that fills inveterate
theater-goers as the curtain rises
tantalizingly, a farce by Dell and
a drama by Collins were enacted.

Among the hordes of these people
was your critic, who, according to
the conception of those sophisticates
who memorize the most devastating
witticisms of a D. Parker or 9. Eu-
gene Field, should be able to ridi-
cule brilliantly or annihilate with
a barbed epithet. However, we—if
I may use the royal plural—decided
to be kind.

First, a farce by Dell. Farce in
the original French means a "stuf-
fing". Miss Dell’s production was

dialogue made sluggish by the
clumsy falsification of the British
accent. the garbling and merciless
mouthing of the role of the poet
which lends itself to overplaying and
impassioned burlesque, and the awk-
ward use of canned sound effects
uncleverly introduced.

Next we had the divertlsement
during the intermission, which was
filled with the clear and resonant
voices of the Snows as they gave us
a pleasant tableau of marital bliss.

Lastly, we had a drama by Col-
lins. which State College magnifi-
cently mic-interpreted as a farce.
The setting resembled an Army bar-
racks more than the hold of a ship.
After the initial well-built up sus-
pense the play staggered on, handi-
capped by disjointed dialogue and
the stage-consciousness of the act-
ors. The denouncement—long an-
ticipated—was received in uncom-
fortable, writhing silence; some
young girls in the balcony didn't
know whether to giggle or to shed
furtive, maudlin tears.

To sum up the evening: Advanced
Dramatics is a misnomer and mis-
leading; a more applicable term
would be: “Advanced Theatrics."

 

 

Comm-Stake

 

5°“?
‘70
M44

By MINDY SKOLSKY

COURSE N0. IV—THE WORLD AND POPPY SEEDS

Mrs. Caraway sat at the little pink table in the
breakfast nook and ate poppy seeds. She had dis-
covered, years ago, that this was the best way for
her to keep cairn. Whenever something distressing
came up, she went into the kitchen, reached for
the lavender spice bowl, spilled a few of the little
black dots into a saucer, and sat down. Some people
counted to ten when they were upset; Mrs. Caraway
ate poppy seeds.

Mr. Caraway sat in his favorite chair in the living
room, spread the evening newspaper out across his
knees, raised his pencil intelligently, and did the
crossword puzzle. The political scene was beginning
to give him a headache too.

Mrs. Caraway, now calmed, cleaned off the saucer-
and put it back into the cabinet. Then she walked in-
to the living room, picked up the “Newsweek” maga-
zine and tried again. The Ladies’ Club was sponsor-
ing an attractive Man Vspeaker on Be Informed to-
morrow night, and after the lecture there was to
be an informal discussion. Mrs. Caraway, who wasn't
quite as informed as she ought to be, had been spend-
ing the evening reading “The New York Times," "Life,"
and “Newsweek” and pondering deeply over the Prob-
lems. That was where the headache came in—the In-
ternational Situation was so complicated, and Mrs.
Caraway was so confused. That is why she ate the
poppy seeds. Now, her mind settled more, she picked
up the magazine and started all over again. Mrs.
Caraway was a little sorry she hadn’t been keeping
up with her reading lately—there was so much she
had been missing . . .

Now the Security Council thing was what confused
her most of all. Mrs. Caraway couldn’t understand
what the trouble was—wasn’t the war over? What
were all those men arguing about anyway? The other
night, she had heard a radio commentator explain
that there were differences of opinion as to how cer-
tain problems should be dealt with. and that a little
compromise was necessary. Mrs. Caraway couldn’t see

' why everybody couldn’t just do what America wanted.

The Common-Slater is given the widest latitude as author of this

column, although his viewpoints do not necessarily reflect those of the

State College News.

This morning’s assembly shall de-
cide if the student body wishes to
third its surplus fund by an appro-
priation of one thousand dollars for
the Pedagogue. In past years, the
Fed has lost most of its value by not
being in the hands of the student
body until well after the close of
the school year.

If Fed is given this extra bit of
change, it should be with the stip~
ulation that the book be distributed
sometime during the spring semes-
ter. It is understandable that there
is a lot of work to be done on such a
project, but it should also be realized
that there remains many months in
which to do it and get the Pcd out
on time.

Nor should this increase in up-
propriation set a precedent. In past
years. certain emergencies have
arisen such as hospitalization from
injuries sustained in intro-mural
sports, etc. for which the surplus
fund was tapped. It seems advisable
that requests for disbursements
from the surplus be kept to a mini-
mum, and if any organization is un-
able to meet their budget with the
allotment given them. that those or-
ganizations either cease functioning,
or rely on a tax on its participants
for existence.

OI 0 ‘

Watch for Primer to ask for an
additional two hundred dollars in
order to publish twice, if today's up-
propriation is granted.

I. t C

An interesting note is that last
week‘s affirmative vote for a bun-
dred and a half to purchase a new
vie for the Commons was not a vote
to purchase it, but rather a vote of
confidence for having done it, al-
tho few knew it. The vic and PA
system was purchased on Thursday
and voted for on Friday. llmmphli
Let's not snow the public like that,
or resentment might provo costly in
such futlll'e Operations.

0! O 0

Student board of finance wishes it
known that voterana’ wives can pur-

chase the ticket for admittance to
all school functions covered by stu-
dent tax for three dollars. the same
price paid by members of the fa-
culty. Seems there has been some
misunderstanding about wives being
admitted on vets tix, which is not
the case.

i t C

Contrary to the Com-Stat. the
St. Mary's housing project is now
functioning. One Siena student lives
there, as well as a few non-student
vets. Any student with a family who
is in distress should immediately
contact the Dean about it. said dis-
tress manifesting itself in one of two
ways: either a student with wife
& child living in insufficient quart-
ers. or a student who is separated
from his family.

I. U C

That same block which was ad-
versely committed to the vets’ or-
ganization on the grounds that there
were enough organizations on cam-
pus, that it would be segregative.
etc., was the same bunch which
jumped into the reorganization of
fraternities. Which speaks either for
their inconsistency or selfishness.

It's a sign of the return to nor-
malcy to see the frets reorganized.
With the housing difficulty as acute
as it is. a great deal to be said in
favor of them remains questionable.

It is alleged that one frat will take
over the Sayles Hall Annex next
year. which will be a big step in the
right direction. With almost a third
of the student body composed of
men, the existence of trots cannot
be dcnniod, especially since the nar-
row rulca governing rushing do not
apply to them. Fraternities are so-
clal organizations.

.. mam—snuamww.‘ ......n...........  .

as then everything would be nice and democratic.
but when she asked Mr. Caraway, he was too busy
thinking up a ﬁve letter word that meant “dwalllng”
to answer.

Mrs. Caraway now turned to More About the UNO
n Page 10. Well, they were going to have the part
called Assembly at the site of the New York World's
Fair. That was nice; Mr. Caraway had been afraid
they might be considering their little town as a pos-
sible location—and Westchester County was much too
pretty 8. place to have a lot of foreigners running
around in.

The pages on Strikes, Mrs. Caraway overlooked
completely (as she didn't approve of them in the
first place.)

The meat situation, hOWeVel‘, made Mrs. Caraway
happy. All those vegetables had been endangering her
and Mr. Caraway’s health, she was sure. This would be
better—and wasn’t the President silly to worry about
a little thing like prices going up? Hadn’t he ever
heard of the Law of Supply and Demand? Mrs. Cara-
way couldn’t remember what year that Law had been
passed, but she had heard Mr. Caraway talking about

:fotlhe other night, so she figured it was still in opera—

Mrs. Caraway was turning to the Nuremberg trials
when her head began to ache again. As she read about
those terrible hangings. the aching got worse until
she had to put the magazine away. “Heavens. what a
vulgar thing to write about,” she thought. and went
back into the kitchen. There she reached for the la~
vendor spice bowl. spilled a few of the little black
Eilng g12:0 Isl Stinger. and sat down. It was a good thing,

rs. arawa . ' '
Informed every week'y that she didnt have to Be
N

College Calendarw-v C

Friday, October 25
11:00 A.M.~Annual Truth or Consequences show.
voting for Campus Queen, for represent-
ative to MAA Council, for freshman class
officers, and on the ‘rcsolution and
amendment concerning the appropria—
4_3 tion to the Pedagoguc in Assembly.
8:00 P.M.---Rivalry pushball game on Page Field.
.0 P.M.~—Commuter's Club Halowc'en Party in
the Commons.
Saturday, October 26
10:30 A.M.~—FI};I&3'H and women's field events on Page
1_:oo P.M.——Bﬂnllel‘ Hunt.
8.00 P.M.—-Crowning of the Campus Queen follow-
ed by freshman and Sophomore skits in
Page Hall.
Sunday. October 27
11.00 A.M.~Statc College Sunday in the First Ro-
formcd Church at Clinton Square.
Tuesday, October 20
8.30 P.M.r~.Sccond group of AI) plays in Page Hull.
Wednesday, October 30
7.30 P.M.-—Meeting of French Club in Conn‘noua.
'l‘hgrggay, October 3]

P.M.—Opcn meeting of 100 i '
Draper. n Room 30,

 

 

STATE COLEEGE NEWS, FRIDAY. OCTOBER 25. 1946

 

RIVALRY GAMES TO OPEN CAMPU

Originate Annual
Event To Provide
Sports Program

Crown Former Queen:

With Autumn Leaves

Campus Day history begins way
back on Saturday, October 23, 1920,
(before most of us were born). As
indicated in the STATE COLLEGE
NEWS files, the original purpose of
Campus Day was to provide a day
of sport early in the college year.

The first Campus Day, under
the direction of the Physical
Education Club, featured inter-class
competition, Junior-freshman teams
vs. Senior-Sophomore teams. Exer-
cises commenced at 2:30 P. M. with
the annual cross-country run for
men. The remainder of the program
consisted of obstacle races, tug-o’-
war, potato race, soccer game, and
even the faculty chipped in with a
sack race. At 5 P. M. there was an
inter-class basketball game at Al-
bany High School.

Hold Basket Lunch

Following the game a basket lunch
was held at the college. At '7 in the
evening a sing was held which was
supposed to be the most exciting
event of the entire day. A dance
after the sing completed the days
activities.

On November 12, 1921, Campus
Day II, the tradition of Campus
Day became official by order of
Myskania and with the unanimous
approval of the students. It became
the official day for interclass rivalry.
Rusk First Queen

Campus Day III, October 28, 1922,
initiated the crowning of Campus
Day Queen with the coronation of
Queen-Ethel Rusk. Queen Ethel
made her entrance followed by ﬁve
attendants dressed in long white
robes with girdles and Greek head
dresses of their class colors. A
crown of autumn leaves was placed
on the head of the queen.

Although in those yester-years,
Campus Day was mainly a. day for
sports and field events, today Cam-
pus Day is one of the most import-
ant days of the College year, the
crowning of a Campus Queen play-
ing no small part. One of the most
colorful honors which can be be-
stowed upon a girl at State is for
her classmates to choose her above
all State girls as the most popular
and the most beautiful. The Banner
Hunt and Sophomore-freshman ri-
valry field events play an important
part in Campus Day program.

Another tradition, none the less
important because it is not official
is the “Welcome Home" which the
college extends to its grad students
who come back for this day.

Crowning OF Queen
Campus Day Highlight

(Continued [mm Page 1, Column 5)
4; and Robert Combs and Phillip
Lashinsky from 4 to 5 PM.

The Campus Day Skits will begin
with the Sophomore presentation at
8:30 PM. in Page Hull. Gifford Win-
gntc and Jean lneson are co-chnir-
men for the Class of '49. Following
this, the freshmen will present their
skit under the direction of Rhoda
Riber and Richard Feathers. Two
and a half points will be awarded
the winning class.

Crown (Fampus Queen

The entrance of the Campus
Queen at 8:00, heralded by the blast
of trumpets. will highlight tomor-
row's events. The Queen will be
chosen from the live winning can-
didates, including Joan Alvcrson,
Ruth Bentley. Sully Johnson. Alice
Knapp Randall and Edna Sweeney.
Helen Slack Share. last year‘s quccn,
will return to crown her successor.
Attemlants from the Junior, Sopho-
more and freshmen classes. elected
by the students. will C(llllDOiitl the
court. while two candidates for
Queen will represent the Seniors.

Following the crn'onatlon, activi-
ties will move to the gym whore
there will be dancing. l'tuth Bontly,
President of Student Association,
will present the Campus Day Cup
to the class obtaining the most
points for field events and rivalry

skits.

   
 

L—

The five candidates for State College Campus Queen are. left to right:
ley, Edna Sweeney. Joan Alverson and Sally Johnson.

Mice Knapp Randall. Ruth Bent-

 

 

szaze - Mat ‘

 

With the nch of last week that;
the ﬁrst of State's fraternities had
returned to our campus it is inter-
esting to note that fraternities are
also reorganizing on other camp-
uses whcrc they had been discon-
tinued during the war. At Cortland
Delta Kappa fraternity has taken
over one of the residence halls there.
initiating the nearly thirty residents
of the house into the fraternity.
With only six former members as a
nucleus the group has already come
to the fore as a leading college or-
ganization once again. Inter-fru-
ternity councils are being reorgan-
ized, and inter-fraternity bulls are
among the plans for the coming
year with rushing. pledging, and in-
itiations back again.

Teacher’s troubles

It seems that the troubles of prac-
ticc teachers are not. confined to
State College exclusively. At. Fre-
donin a weary P. '1‘. sucking a little
relaxation from the grinds of teach-
ing decided to take in a movie. She
had no sooner seated herself than
a little boy in front. of her glanced
around, turned to his friend with
the exclamation. "Oh my gosh.
there’s my tear-hurl". following
which he rose quickly to his feet
and left the theatre. Gosh, are we
to become social outcasts too?

(live. a Cheer

Those of you who attended the
Union-RPI football game last. week
inny have seen the birth of a new
tradition. I am referring to the pres-
ence. of Union’s six female cheer—
leaders acquired from among the
ranks of Skidmore College. 'i‘he
Skidmore Six together with the rep,-
uiar Union cheering squad Were be—
hind tho Dutchmen all the way as
they overcame the Poly ll for their
first victory of the season.
Vet; Speak Up

Over at. itusseii Huge tlu- male
section of the Student. body has be-
gun the publishing of its own ili'WH»
paper under the title l’lNli‘l'lA'l‘lk
Ellis. The publication's chief aim is
to giva the Veterans a chance to (ix--
press their opinions and, by working
alongside the QUILL, to give them a

By IIARLAND

__.__.____
larger part in Student life at Sage.
In The Animal (‘orner

Yoli'Vc all heard of the pro-fabric-
ated houses which are being used
on many campuses clue to the over-
flow of students. Some students at.
Syracuse returned to their p.i'. abode
one night to flint it cold. Hearing
noise in the stove and hoping
desperately that someone had al-
ready been kind enough to start.
a fire they investigated. imagine
their surprise on finding that some-
ono's [)f‘i out had taken possession
of the stove and had proceeded to
make it seem homelike by present.-
ina a litter of kittens. I-lousinp,
shortage. no doubt!

Also at. Syracuse Students were
curious to note lhat construction of
a new building was being started
on the campus near the Science
building. lnvesiigniion revealed that
it was to furnish housing for rats,
rabbits, birds, und oven porcupim-n
which are to be used for research by
uu'inbr-I's of the zoology (it'|liil'lllli'lil
and bv graduate slutlenlr. (hill is, if
some weary liouso-m-i-lu'v doesn't
move in first.

Home Again

Now let's turn bark lo Hiate again
to (‘tlllllllt‘lt' unollu-I' cuiupur» round-
up. 'i‘hlnas ure a little quiel on the
home front except the exuiionwnl
slu'red up by the Hopin. mid Ihe
fresluuen. Take for example lin-
liilie llpi'isdiu; Wmim'aday unziil.

The moral of the story, tampo-
mores. is never, never Iihlt’ll ut
keyholl-n.

'l‘oluorrow in. of course, one of our
big days here at Hlalc.wili1 the tra—
(iillonal suspensi- and excitement
surrounding the climax oi the day
the erowniup of the (’nuipus l)ny
queen, and her nilort but ploi'iouh‘
l'l-lun amidst a (‘illll‘l oi" Hlalv'h
ia-anlios. Then the (.‘ampun llay
rup will oiu't' iiun'i' be brimmtm:
amidst the f't‘lf‘lli‘tlli‘nlh oi' the chem
of i")? (Well, your name. In my Hooii
as Illliii". Anyway may the beat
uunu win. To the Viclol‘ belongs
iiu‘ npoila etc. t'It', vie (loud luck
kids.

Drbschél 
S/ogon Contest

:‘enry Druala-l. '47. Chairman of
Campus Chest Drive. has announced
that a Campus Chest Slogan Con-
lrsl \\‘lll be confirmed prior to the
drive. which will begin Nov. 8 and
«ml N..\. 2: Entries in the contest
mui he imnlezl in by 3:30 P. M.
l‘ :(“.(iu_\‘.

’l‘lu' purpose of the Slogan Con-
test is to Il‘t'ili‘ student interest in
illl‘ (Il‘IVl‘ and encourage college-Wide
participation. A box will be placed at
the vnlrnnre to the Commons with
lit yell and paper for use by the en-
trunls. Hloguus should be concise
ond appropriate. Proceeds from the
drive \\'ilI IJl' distributed among the
following: Cancer Fund, 'l‘ubercu-
lode Fund. Red Cross, Community
(.‘host. Mnreh of Dimes, and World
Shudrnl Hex-vice li'und.

'lhv following general committee
for the ('ampus Chest. Drive has
been appointed: Ruth Bently. "l7,
I‘i‘t‘Hltlt‘lll of Student Association;
Vbawe W rill, '-lii, Vice—Pl't'si(lciii. of
Harlem Awra‘iulion: Solomon Mins-
lamp, '4’]. President of Hillel: Ann

('lIllluuH. "‘17. President of Newman
('luo. l‘duiv ’l‘olaln. '-i7. President. of
.‘~lllfil‘lli (‘lu'isiiun Association; Coh-

t't‘iilu 'z‘annbo, “17. who will he in
rimrgw oi publicity and Lorna Kunz.
'i'l, who will lake charge of enter-
lainmonls.

Name Caugbran, Kunz

TO Compus Commussron

.ludllh imbe. '47. (fraud Marshall
of (‘nmpus (Yommlsslon. has no-
itillilu't'ii llu' appointment of Doro-
li.\ f'uiiplll‘dll, and Lorna Kunz, to
lill' i' v) Iplsuion.

Mari l'less, "to, is in charge of
Inn! and found articles.

A m-w \‘h-Ii'olu linn been secured
for flu: t‘ouuiuuia. 11:. well as several
|u‘lu'li hllili'llt'lll‘i'n, which will be
glul'i-(i in Ihv t‘ommona. third floor
'1' ln'aprv. ului in bulk of the Stamp
llooill.

(‘ampus Commission has request-
.u 1i” pliltil'iilb lo roamln in their
I‘t:~.pel'llvl' rows after assembly until
(III't‘f‘Ith to leave by the uuu'shulls.

I\’il‘~.‘. iluiw \\'i.‘illl‘h‘ it) thank lottery—
om- for their coma-ration in the
drive to eliminate smoking in the
halls of lh‘apor.

 

   

Campus Queen
Reigns During

Frosh, Soph SIdt

Campus Day will offer the Red
Devils and the Blue Jays an
opportunity to do battle in a
grand manner. Members of Mys-
kania are ready to act as impartial
judges and attempt to maintain some
semblance of order in the scramble.

Athletic events in the morning
will open the traditional rivalry.
There will be races of every variety.
old clothes, three-legged, straight
running, and for those who simply
can’t do anything else a special race
is offered—the sack.

Begin Hunt

After the combatants have re-
neWed their energy with lunch the
Banner Hunt will begin. The banner
is the symbol of inter-class rivalry,
and the Devils and Jays will use all
their cunning and guile in hiding
their banners and all the brawn they
can muster in defending the hiding
place. Because Stygian gloom will
enfold the class which dOesn’t hang
on to its banner, both groups are
planning their strategy with the ut-
most caution. As in former banner
hunts Myskania will be on the look-
out for those carrying weapons cal-
culated to inflict bodily injury.

The athletic events and banner
hunt are only part of the excite-
ment on Campus Day. In the eve-
ning everyone will assemble in Page
Hall, with the same question in every
mind—“Who will the Campus Queen
be?" The queen, always a Senior,
chosen on the basis of beauty and
popularity, will be elected in Assem-
bly today. Her identity will be kept a
secret until the night of Campus
Day. when, amid all the pomp, fan-
fare and flourishes possible. she will
march to the stage escorted by her
proud attendants. two girls chosen
from each class. Then, in accordance
with tradition, Queen Slackie, who
reigned last year. will crown this
year’s queen.

Slate Skits

After the crowning. the Red Dev-
Us and Blue Jays will again take the
center of the stage as the queen pre-
pares to enjoy the entertainment
they have provided for her. She is
bound to enjoy herself for both
classes are prepared to present all
the literary and dramatic talent they
possess—and both groups are un-
animous in agreeing they possess
quite a bit.

For those who have any energy
left there will be dancing in the gym
after the skits. Background will be
provided by the songs and cheers of
one rivalry class and the sighs and
tears of the other.

AD Schedules
Tragedy, Drama

The Advanced Dramatics Class.
aided by College Playhouse and
Staaecraft class, will present the
second group of its bi-monthly plays
Tuesday at 0:30 P. M. in Page Hall.
The plays are under the direction
of Paul Barsclou. '47. and Dorothy
Dlil'in, ’48.

Bui‘selou will direct a drama which
takes place in India before the Sec-
ond World War. The members of
the cast are Warren Reich. ‘50. com—
mending officer, Gifford Wingatc.
"to. as n limitcnnnt, Margaret
Franks, '49. as the leading lady, with
Arthur Russel. .lohn Luby, and Rob-
ert Lynch. Juniors in supporting
roles.

The play which Miss Diffin will
direct is a tragedy with its setting
in the North Atlantic about the your
1875. The cost. of characters in
cludes: Charles Chase, '47. sea cup-
lulu: Barbara Dunkcr. '48. his wife;
'l‘homas Lisker. '40. and George
Christa. Richard Feathers, and
Joseph Oorecelln. freshmen. mem-
bers of the crew.

Order Contest Entry Blanks

Mary 'l'ossier, '47, Editor of the
S'i‘A’i‘lL‘ COLLEGE NEWS. has an-
nounced that there are no more
entry blanks available at the present
[line for Snnnny Kaye's poetry con-
test. However. application for addi-
iiounl blanks has been made and
when they can be obtained, notice
will br placed in the NEWS.

