  

no: '4

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH 8. 1946

Shamrocks, Blarney'leredominaie Freshmen, Juniors

As Harp’s Riot

share, an' it’s Harp's Riot that is
causing all the congestion in the
Commons, and all State’s children
of Erin are turning out to whoop
it up in honor of patron Saint
Paddy! .

First stop is the Irish wishing
well at the entrance‘ which works
on a reverse principle. Instead of
wishing on a coin tossed in, each
newcomer is entitled to dip in for
a favor in the form of an Irish
limerick. or pipe perhaps.

There will be dancing in the midst
of the shamrocks and shillelaghs
strewn about by Sally Dunn’s deco-
rating committee, and when the
Irish jigs‘ and reels have worn out
the most exuberant Irish spirits,
there will be games and bridge.
Dorine Holland has a hand in the
entertainment and is lining up a
colleen or two to take part in Irish
dances and give out with “Mother
Machree" and all the old songs of
Killarney. When the soloists have
performed, all the lads and lassles
will join in the song fest.

Singing plus bridge plus dancing
equals appetite, and what Irishman
doesn’t have a huge one? This is
where B. J. McGrath comes in
with the refreshments, which will
be in keeping with the color scheme
of the evening. Everyone attend-
ing is expected to wear his or her
greenest outfit to match.

This annual party is being spon—
sored by Newman Club, but the
honorary title of Son of Erin is be-
ing extended to all State students
for the occasion. Ancestry is no
obstacle to attendance, the only re—
quirement being $.25. Mary Straub
has charge of the tickets which
will be available for purchase Wed-
nesday and Thursday in the lower

 

Honor Students Listed

For First Semester

(Continued l‘rom page 1, Col. 3)

Molly Kramer. Ruth Lape, Justine
S. Lewis, Elizabeth McDowoll, Olive
MacDowell, Gloria McManus. Eli-
zabeth Margot, Caroline Michel,
Dorothy Monty, Dorothy Mol'daunt,
Robert Penrose, Eileen Pierce,
Gloria Pirowski, Rosalie Pooler,
Norma Punchak. Doris Quinn. Jean
Rector. Laura Reed. Ruth Reynolds,
Charlotte Roscoe, Patricia Russell,
Patricia Sheehan. Rosa Smith, Mary
Stieglitz, Mary Stolfe,
Sturzenbergcr. Shirley Taylor, Mary
Tessier. Christine Truman. Virginia
Van Vranken, Arlene Vetter. Paul
Wagner. Herbert Weiner. Joanna
Wells, Shirley Whipple, Helen Zum-
bic, Calvin Zippln.
Sophomores

Class of 1948: Viola Abrams,
Ethel Angle, Margaret Ardlto. Eu-
genia Baranowskl. Orietta Behrens,
Kathleen Bell. Jeanne Bigelow, Eve-
lyn Boetcher. Betty Brebeck. Eleanor
Byrne, Catherine Byrum. Vera Chu-
diak, Marie Cantos. Muriel Dando.
Mary E. Davis. Edith Dell. Genevieve
Dwyer, Peggy Eggert. Marjory El«
more. Henry Farley. Anne Gilles,
May Glovannicllo. Joan Green,
Margaret Grocsbeck. Elizabeth Gur-
ka. Doris Haithwaitc. Marjorie
Harland. Eleanor Holbig, Gilbert
Holllday. Barbara Hyman, Jurmlla
Janccek, Helen Kisiel, Dolores
Koenlg. Marian Krngil, Janet La
Rue, Arlene Lavender. Hclcn Leng-
yel, Annalee Levine, Jessie Ludlum.
Sheila Mnglness. Theresa Mahoney.
Evelyn Muttison. Alln May, Paul
Meadows. Miriam Millnnln. Eliza-
beth Merritt. Bovorly Moore. C. Rog-
er Nielsen. Zuna Olmstcd. Mary Ro-
gull. Dunlcl Rider. Rita Roberts.
Myra Rosenberg. Lillian Sulanl,
Eleonora Schneider. Frances Sowu,
Jenn Staplclon. Marylin Thomson.
Paula 'l‘ichy. Plltl'iciu 'i‘lldnll. Mary
Van Voust. Marionlcc Wulkins. Roy
Weiss, Doris Weslcr. Donnld While.
Alice Williams. Shirley Williams.
Eleanor Willklcr, lslluilllr Woods.
Freshmen

The Class of HMS]: John Anderson,
Dorothy Arnold, Marilyn Avulcur.
Mary lillciler. Nlill'lfl Bennett,
illuncllv Borku, Dorothy Byrncis,
Stanley Cilwnll-k. Elizabeth Cross.
Patricia DI-vllll, Sul'u islthul. Corinne
Fcigiu, Alvin 1"(éllllllllll. Margaret
Franks. Lucille (.hlllo, Irene GilllO-
way. Catherine Grant. Helen Haber-
inunn. Rita Huflili. Ruth Holstein].
Persia Hockridge. Jean Hoffman.
Betty Holienstein, Mario Hols. Mary
(Continued on page 4, Column 6)

Dorothy ‘

HOnors, Erin

 

hall of Draper, or a quamter at
the door will do the trick.

The wishing well opensfor, busi-
ness at eight in the evening next
Thursday and the celebration does
not close down until eleven. It’s
no blarney that the, freshmen have
eleven o'clock hours for this special
event, either.

Eileen Moody is general chair-
man, Katherine Donnelly is pro-
viding the publicity. and Bob Sulli-
van is clean-up man, and with these
and the already mentioned Newman
crews behind the scenes, State can
brush off its ballads with battle
cries and turn out for the party
confident that it's glad they’ll be
they came.

Plan Inspection Tour

OF Arnold House

An open house will be held by the
men of Arnold at 564 State Street
on Thursday from 7:30 to 11 P. M.
The purpose of the affair is to ac-
quaint thc college with facilities
and equipment of the Alumni As-
sociation's newly acquired group
house for men.

Refreshments will be served and
a tour of the four floors of the
house may be taken.

Edward Holstein, graduate stu-
dent and newly elected chairman
of the house committee, will be in
charge. He is to be assisted by
Graham Duncan, '47, James Sul-
tan, ’49, and Joseph Torrisi, ’48.
George H. LeWis. graduate student,
has been elected secretary and
treasurer of Arnold.

Students and members of the
faculty have been invited to attend
the open house.

Co-Sponsor Party

The Junior and Freshman classes
are sponsoring a sister class party
tonight from 8 to 11 P. M. in the
Commons.- The Class Presidents,
James Conley. '47, and Robertson
Baker, ’49, are co-chairmen of the
event. -

The Commons will be decorated
in the class colors, green and red.
to keep in tone with the theme of
the party: "promoting class unity
and friendly relations.” Coke and
cookies will be served as refresh-
ments and the entertainment com-
mittee has arranged a pantomime
parody on “Cyrano de Bergerac.”

The cast of the play is made up
entirely of freshmen. John Tabner
will play the part of Christian.
Donald Dickinson will assume the
role of Cyrano with Kay Grant as
Roraine and Jay Shelley. The par-
ody will be acted out in pantomime
with Jean Ineson, ’49, reading the
dialogue.

The party is intended to be an in-
formal got-together for the two
classes. Games and cards will sup-
plement the dancing.

Committees

Committees for the party are: en-
tertainment, Aim Ethal, chairman,
Jean Ineson, Harry Mills. John
Tabner, Frances Flanagan. fresh-
men; refreshments. Dolores Lawson,
'47. Beatrice Caporale. ’49. co-chair-
men, Richard Smith, ’47, Leslie Her-
vey, Pearl Pless. Joamlc McDonald,
freshmen; decorations. Rosalie
Pooler, '47, and Jeanne Ashcroft.
co-chairmen, Beverly Coplon, Bev-
erly Stittig, Marion Hawkins and
Dorothy Swegcr, freshmen; clean-
up, Norma Swinyer, ’49. chairman,
Eldl'icde Laemmerzahl, '49, Dolores
Lawson and James Conley. Juniors;
arrangements, Joan Alvcrson, ’47,
chairman. Colette. Fitzmorris. Marie
Holz, and Margaret Seaman, fresh-
men; publicity, Barbara Houck and

Helen Caliiano, freshmen.

 

War Veteran Will Give
And-Discrimination Speech

T. Sgt. Ben Kuroki, Japanese-
American, who served in the
European and Pacific campaigns
will appear as guest of the
Capitol District Council for So-
cial Studies in Page Hall on
March 19 at 7:30 P. M.

Since his return to civilian
life, Kuroki has suffered much
discrimination because of his
coloring. He recently starred
in “Boy From Nebraski," a
transcribed radio broadcast
which won the Writer award
for 1946. Kuroki will give an
anti-Discrimination talk en-
titled, “The War Isn’t Over
Yet” before the Capitol District
Council for Social Studies.

A discussion period will follow
his speech led by Eugene J. Tay-
lor of the New York Times. Mr.
Taylor has spoken to the Junior
Ed. 10 classes here at State for
the past two years on education
and rehabilitation. He spoke to
the Junior Ed. 10 class last
month on combat fatigue and
its applications in teaching.

All State College students are
urged to attend the program.

 

Dean's List--Freshmen

(Continued from. page 1,, Col. ,1)

Horan. Barbara Houck, Mary Iata-
uro, Helen Ivanyshyn, Robert Kais-
cr, Virginia Keller, Dorothy Kern.
Robert Kittrcdge. Mary Krom, Eld-
l'icde Laelnmcrzahl. Marion LaFaro
Joyce McCollum. Marie Markham,
Vivian Morter. June Olson, Thelma
Pangburn. Barbara Parry, June
Peters, Ethel Rosenberg, Norma
Schryver. Yvette Scllwedock, Joyce
Simon. Helen Sins. Jeannette Skav-
inn, Doris Smith, Marianne Stand-
ing. Audrey Stcigcrwald. Marvin
Wayne. and Elizabeth Winkler.

Faculty-Alumni

Schedule Meeting

Will Conduct Program
On Teacher Education

The faculty-alumni meeting of the
Eastern States Association of Pro-
fessional Schools for Teachers will
be held on Thursday, March 14, at
the Commodore Hotel in New York.
The theme of this meeting will be
“Real Life Appraisal of Teacher-
Education Programs.” and will con-
sist of two parts.

The speakers of the first part are
alumni of two teachers colleges, a
college of education, and a univer-
sity. They will discuss the effective-
ness of present teacher-education
programs presenting the points of
view of an elementary school teach-
er. a junior high school teacher. a
high school teacher and a rural
teacher. The following problems
will be included in the discrlSSlon:

1. The demands of the profession:
How much did the teacher-educa—
tion program aid in working with
children, their parents, the com-
munity and with other teachers?

2. The socially-induced changes in
elementary and secondary educa-
tion: To what extent did this pro-
gram help the teacher deal with
such changes as increased emphasis
on inter-group education and on
problems of living?

3. The needs of a teacher as a
person: To what extent did the
program aid in developing the per-
sonal qualities necessary to a
teacher?

4. Leadership in social education:
To what extent did the teacher-
cducation institution set an exam-
ple for teachers by its own leader-
ship in social education?

The two speakers in the second
part will comment upon Clll'l'i ll'
lrrnds in teacher education.

 

   

Copyright l9“, boom ‘ MIIu loucro Co.

[A ALWAYS MILDER

[3i BETTER TASTING

THE RIGHT COMBINATION
OF THE WORLD'S BEST TOBACCOS

 COOLER SMOKING

'  send a post cord for
large portraits of Perry Como and

Jo Stafford. Addresslehosiorfield
Studio, Box 21, New York 8, N. Y.

        
 

..

 

 

 

 

 

State College I New w  .

 

 

2.444

ALBANY.

NEW YORK. FRIDAY. MARCH IS. 1946 VOL. XXX NO. 1.

 

MUSIC COUNCIL WILL PRESENT OPERETTA,
NORWEGIAN NIGHTs, TONIGHT, TOMORROW

 

Noisy Roommates Would Bring
Students TO Library Al Night

Four years ago in the STATE COL-
Laoa News: “Blackout Causes Li-
brary Shutdown Daily at 6 P. M."

The story goes on to explain that
the long blackouts, lack of fuel,
and the danger presented by the
glass enclosed library made it im-
possible at that time to keep the
library open until 9:30 p. m. as
Usual.

This week the STATE COLLEGE News
has made a survey of a representa-
tive portion of the student body to
determine whether or not a need
for extending library hours into
the evening again is felt. From ap-
proximately thirty students con-
sulted, twenty-six were definitely
of the opinion that such a. move
would be helpful.

The graduate students particu-
larly favored evening hours be-
cause of the great amount of re-
search required of them. Richard
Crane. stated emphatically, “An ex-
cellent; idea. I have so much li-
brary work to do that it is ex-
tremely difficult to finish it dur-
ing the day” and Theresa Gleason
corroborated this opinion in prac-
tically the same words.

From the Senior class a dissent-
ing vote came from Genevieve
Smithling who felt that not enough
students would take advantage of
the opportunity, and she was sup-
ported in this by Dorothy Causse,
'48. However, Ruth Herdman, '46,
social studies major, said. “It is
hard to get reserve books because
there are so many students using
the same ones. and evening hours
might alleviate this situation."
Margaret Fechan. '46. also felt that
it would be. more convenient to use

Students to Play
In Bridge Tourney

All students who wish to play in
the campus elimination contest of
the Intercollcge Bridge Tournament
March 26 must sign up on the bulle-
iln board in lowor Draper before
Wednesday. March 20. according to
an announcement by the Captain.
Alice Pl‘illdlc. ’48. The tournament
will decide the eight players who
will represent Stair College in a
regional contest among similar teams
ill New York City.

 

This fourth Annual llllrr-collcgc
Bridge ’I‘oul‘nnlncnt is sponsored by
n columilco of alumni from leading
men‘s. wolllrn's and co-cducuilonul
colleges and universities. Because
of illi‘ wul' illi‘ mmqu lournllmcnt
has not been played for illl‘ pusl.
four yours. This is llll‘ first lo lll‘
lll‘lil sincl' ill-ill.

'i‘hu [lll'i‘i‘ puil‘s who win illi‘ l'l‘-
nionul rollll'sl will colllpclc ill the
finals Ill illl‘ Riiz-Cul'lton Hotel in
Ni'W York City April 20 and 2'1.
'l‘hil'lhun pairs of players from other
regions will he contesting against
llu~ln. The events will be played
Friday evening and Saturday after-
Ilooll to allow lilo contestants plenty
of leisure lime lll Nrw York.

All players in the fluids will be
provided with train fare, hotel
rooms, meals and an allowance for
small incidental expenses. They will
remain ill New York for the week
end and awards and honors will be
presented to the final winners.

Miss Prlndlo also stated that only
undergraduate students will be all-
glblc for the contest. No graduate
students need Iipply.

reserve books in the library where
reference material was available.
Although the dorms are close to
the Pine Hills Library, Miss Fee-
han said that this source was
not adequate for college level pa-
pers.

The problem of studying in the
group houses was mentioned by
Graham Duncan. ‘46, who said it
was impossible to work effectively
and that he would definitely use
the library during the evening. Bill
Cornwall, ’48, also advocated study-
ing in the library because it is the
“only quiet place on the campus”.
Art Soderiind, ’47. had to work out
a schedule of sleeping after supper

and getting up at 11 P. M. to study .

until two or three in the morning
to overcome this trouble. He ad-
ded, “Not only are the public li-
braries inadequate but the State
Library is out because it closes at
alx".

Late labs three afternoons a week
were the problem of science majors
Erna Burns and Mary Jean Curv-
er. and social studies major Jodie
Mandel] says. "I would like to have
it open to do my outside history
reading." Working after school in-
terferes with others’ library sche~
dules and Evelyn Boeitcher. ’48,
says that because of it she is forced
to use the less convenient and less
complete public libraries. Nancy
Hellman, ’49, finds that extracur-
ricular meetings produce a conflict
with library work when 3:30 rolls
around and she would appreciate
the opportunity to work in the eve—
ning.

Some of the students like Elea-
norc Schneider. ’48. and Dick Hay-
ford. '49. would not be affected by
the evening hours since they work
then, but they thought it was a
good idea. Hayford introduced a
sympathetic note when he said,
“Wouldn't it be hard on the poor
librarians?" Others like Helen
Wong. ’48. who lives in a. distant
part of the city. also would not
benefit directly. but their lot might
be made easier if the library facili-
ties were less crowded in the day-
time.

(Colllilllu’li on page .‘i, Col. 2)

 

i

   

l

Maloney, Weber
Stariln Musical

Davis, Stokes To Direct
Curtain 8:30, Page

"Norwegian Nights,” an operetta
by Harold M. Augustine and Arthur
E. Ward. will be presented by the
Operatic Society of Music Council
. tonight and tomorrow night in Page
* Auditorium at 8:30 P. M. Marianne
- Davis, ’46, is student director,
I Charles F. Stokes, musical director,
I and Muriel Navy, '46, is accompan-

lst.

' Cast
Justine Maloney, ’48, and Harold
_ Weber, '47, play the leading roles as
.j Nina. the beloved of Grieg, and
Grieg, a Norwegian composer. They
will be supported by the following:
Joseph Palevsky, '46, as Bjornsen, a
Norwegian poet and composer;
Mervyn McCllntock. ’48, as Herman
Hagerup, Nina‘s father; Agnes
Young, '46. Olga. the bride; William
Mallory. ’47, Petter, the groom; Al-
bert Read,1 ’4'7, Otter, Grieg's agent;
Harold Mlls. ’49, Josiah Marma-
Plan   duke, an opera singer; John Lawler,
’23, Mr. Coving‘tton; Mary Telian,
' ' , Mrs. Covin on, En lish tour-
crs scrambled down to the Gov-   lsts; Dorothea Silvemail,g'47. Mary,
crnor‘s Mansion for an inter- Sheila Watkins, '47, Jane, daughters
view. _ of the Covington’s; Donald Dickin-
Bl‘ilnming over with confl- Themc' SChool Press SO“, ’49. Hans. HRI‘OId Story, '49»
dence the two saunter-ed to the In Post War World NUS, Chal‘aCtel‘S in the dream; AB‘
front gate of the mansion to nes Young. ’46. Solveig. beloved of
be met by two outstandingly Joan Berbrich and Elizabeth Peer Gym: Harald W9b9r1’47' Peer
huge men. O'Neil, Co-Edii‘ors-in-Chlel of the Gym» peasant adventurer; Mary
Not to be outdone by more State College New:;, and Kathryn Tenan- '47v Ase: mower Of Peer
bodyguards, the reporters start- Hagerty illld Mary T855181? ASSOCl- Gym; William Manon“ ’47' the
cd for the rear of the mansion. {we Editors. W111 attend the 22nd mountain king; Anita Delegge’ ’47'
 NO guardsﬁﬂ silnple mat_ Convention of the Columbia Schol— hlS (la-lighter; and Anitl‘ﬂ, an Orl-
ter of climbing tlle fence. As astic Press Association March 21-23 elm“, dancer. sung by Berdena Ful-
the clilnbcr stood with one leg on luhe Columbia University Camp- 16", 49; and d‘mced by Marianne
poised over the bum-19y. mil-a- us. The annual convention was Dims: 46-
culously' out of nowhere, a conicetlled llast  because of hotel “m of Grieg
'ullrd uncured. He loo e —— an “we resrc ons~ - »
She Petrolulted' k d Convention Theme Ec'illhe‘dstcclgy1 centelst on 1tine life of
A Slight feeling of discour_ The theme Will be “SChOOl Press 1 wiml 110g, in S “15g Ingl young
, . , . in th Post War World." G 1 ml nus can' W” S devo edy n love
utement begun to 0100p over '3 “8 with Nina an inspiration for much
the reporters about this time meetings will be led by professional of his magic His t
, ' s Aakers from news a are - ' povery moves
but they nollchalunily strolled P‘ P D : mag“ him to seek a pension from the
to the other side of the house to zmes’ and publishing houses and ‘o In t (i ll t Ott l
. , . , . by advisers and student delegates. g V" men an ls agen, er, s
lun smack dab Into tuo mmcd sent to negotiate for it.

guards. These meetings will deal with sub- H ‘ ,
0 well. who wanted to inter- Jects 01 interest to pUbncm’mn emmn Hugelup' Nina's famel’

,- ., . staffs as a whole. There will also is opposed lo the courtship of
"ili...ﬁigg‘.i.:":1l,,33”ny 'd, ., be sectional meetings for individual Grieg and lem and sponsors an-

' ‘ ' ‘ ‘ problems and clinics for criticism of (ll-1101‘ Sllltor for her handua certain
public-among brought by me (101“ English opera singer who is in Nor—

 

PEGGY CASEY

MARIANNE DAVIS

 

 

Two News Reporters Foiled  EditOI's

Bul Pul Up A Good Fight

“Churchill arrives in Albany."
screamed the headlines Tues—
day night as two News report-

 

 

gates. Representatives of manu‘ WW Studying. and who also is en-—
l‘ucturing concerns connected with delle'lllB', through Hugei'up, to ob-

' ' ' - the newspaper profession will deln- ml“ “ 9911510“-
     onslrutc lllcir work and advise HCl‘l' 13101115011. 1111 01d friend of

delegates on individual problems. Gl'li‘g. is visiting the composer.
Mugnzlnus and newspapers on- Gl'icg, long stirred by the beauty of

’ ’ Cl ll F ' '
In 48-   or   LOX-0d in contests during- me con- the outlying mountains. speaks of

Willl lilo Soplls lending 8'” to 4'2.
illl‘ rivul ciusscs will clash lll today's
assembly to dolcrllllllc who (‘illl out—
ul'guc who for the sum total of 21-.-
poillls. ’l‘hc Soplls and tho i'l'osll
shall pit their nrgulncnllvc powurs
nullillsl, l‘ill'll other with tho loplc:
ltcsolvcd: "'l‘llllt nulrrlcd vulcl'lllls
should \vcul' wrddillg rings."

Friday, February 1, Gloria (Ill—
bcl'l.. President of [he Sophomore
cluss. clllllll‘llu‘rd the i'rosh lo tho
dcbulc. quoting lhc loplc us she did
so. Robertson llukcl‘, i'l'osh l’rcsl-
(iclll. jumped up to ucccpt the chill-
lcngc and the ai‘firlllulivc side. and
the fight was on.

John F'ily. Murio (‘Iricco und Mu~
l'lil W'hclley will cluborltto their
VillWS on publicizing tho wedded sta-
tus of the veteran students. Eloise
Worth. Barbara Dunkor and Josoph
Rouller will uphold the Sophomore
point of view by advocating the
“no-ring" policy. Worth and Wholly
will pick up the loose ends with
their robuttols. Tho Sophs say
“No”, the frosh say “Yes.” and the
married vets sit with rings poised

above their fingers awaiting tlicOnly the debate will tolll

 

mum,” will be exhibited. am] pm- his intention of going out into them
vol-dict. 11.551011,” newspaper and conﬁnemul to formulate ills dream into music.
l‘ll‘lf'll lcunl lllclnbcl' will be ullot— exhibits will also be on display. I” “‘0 COW-‘0 Of 1115 Simon. he grows
Ml In”... mmmos to sluts his views, “0mm. “03mm ' lircd and lies down in It cool glen
'I‘hc l'l'osll will start proceedings who “mm-um follows; Io l'csl. Sleep overtakes hlln, and
mm Miss Flly lcudlllg lhc tlllks. ’l‘llul'sduy. Murcll 21: “'“m “i5 “ll-“mil; ("Wm-‘7: the P00?
'l‘ln-ll Dillikl‘l' will L‘Ollli‘ to the fore 10:30 A.M.»“Registration. McMiiliu Gym “WSW lakes formv H0 I'L‘Llll'lls
lo lllll‘()(llli‘(‘ lhc Sophomore side of Theatre. “nil WIS Of his experiences-
llll' qucslloll. Aflol' Gl'icsco and 1:30—2:30 l’.M.——Opclllllg Mcl‘liug. 1“ the mm“ 01' ‘1 {OSHVM 31W?“ in
iloulicr llilVl‘ exhausted their ideas McMillln Theatre. “01‘0" or 014983 0”” l'eillms l0 1'0‘
mm illl‘ll‘ three minutes. the temps 2:30'3:30 P.M.~Soctlonlll Meetings. W” ml” “‘0 13911510“ 15 Emma‘-
wili bi‘ given a lwo-lnlnutc recess to 3.3043130 P.M.~Ncwsp up u r and (“"93 l-‘i “bit? 10 mill'l‘l’ Nlllll. “11d
lllld liu‘ir voices and plan lho ut- Musuzlne Clinics. w - .
lill‘li in uer rebuttuls. Both sides 4:30-5:30lI.M.—FeniurcLemur.Mc- ,‘f‘ii’f’.”‘.”‘,.‘1_.fill. 5’1"" 3' comm” U
\rl'llll hobuilmlvod lwo minutes for Millln Tlicllti'c. “M H w '
l l(‘ l‘ l'l‘ utlll s. Ii‘l'liiilj’. March 22: '
A sllldvlit-i‘ucully coillinlilco has 10:30 A.l\i.~-~.‘vollcrul Meeting. Mc— kaama To Sponsor T“
been chosen to judge the debate. Mlllln Theatre. A student-faculty lea will be
All students on the committee are 11:30 A.M.——Convcntion Picture. Low ﬁllllllﬁomd by Ml’skunli from '3 to 5
Suillors. Dr. Roland 0, Burton. Library Stops. 13- M-. Tlllll‘b‘dlll’. Ml‘icll 33. ill the
Professor of English. Miss Agnes E. 13:00 NOOIl-v—LllllL‘llCOIlS. Lilllllia’il- Mt‘lllbt‘l'ﬂ 0f Mi'SkiUllﬂ 0nd
ll‘utlcrcl', Assistant Professor of 1:30 P.M.*A(ivlsors' Meeting. faculty members will pour.
English. and Miss Louise chltt, Student Round Tables. The trial Will Do the second of the
Instructor of English. will do tho 2:30-4:30 P.M.—~-Sectionai Meetings. We held each year by Myskonla
judging from the faculty point of 4:30 P.M.——ii‘cature Lecture. MoMil- and Will be financed by the pro-
view. Joan Mather and Marianne 1111 Theatre. coeds of the Frosll-Myskanla bus-
Davis. Seniors. will not as student 6:00 P.M.--—Dlnner, Men's Faculty kelbllll 8mm! held {01‘ that purpose.
judges. Club. There will be facilities for bridge
At noon today the rivalry score Saturday, March 23: playing. and refreshments will be
will stand 11 to 4r. or Bit to 7. 9:15 A.M.~—-F‘eaturo Film. McMiiiin served. All students and members
(Continued on page it, Col. .3.) of the faculty are invited to attend.

 

 

 

 

  

 

  
   
  
   
  
     
  
   
  
  
  
  
    
  
   
  
 
   
    
  
    
   
  
    
       
     
   
 
  
   
    
   
    
   
     
    
    
   
   
   
  
     
   
  
   
  
  
 
  
  
  
    
  
    
  
  
    
   
 
    

   

 

