   

 
  
  
   
  

 

  
   
 
  
 
  
   
    
    
  

 

 

 

 

.Fﬁxxpanriirlzsaimssxm da\,,._..-w,...,.m.r * _

    

   
     
  
 
    
  
   
 
  
   

 

  
   
  

   

 

 

' no: a

I ..‘ Z  I. h u  J’w.y.‘. .._._._1, ,_  .- .
V , Gomg Our W y,»- 
Men wandering about lower hill 
bring back memories to the Seniors‘who can still Rem“) I
. ,, ,, » . . ed by... I”,

....remember. than; .co-ed. Tinonths' of than fresh- j MARY E. DOMANN
rs rmeniyear, and»to the'underclaSs-men bring a'fo’rea'   h ‘_ ' _ *' I, I - 1‘ l- 4 »
--~taste.~.-.of~a- new college life. But these memories TFOI' the past two and a half years
and this g.foretaste of the future are only a pleasant. a It: :1 oﬁgtalmea“, has ranked high
 I... . , g e nation s best sellers. It
preludeto thegtask of readjustment that lies before has new, reached a Forever Amber
the studentsof State College. peak of popularity, for it is the

ForJthree years We have boasted verbally of our 35° of bglok (tinel tdaikf: grids tgln
.. '- ommen ngonvusra-
ability to carry on Without men ~—- and for three er than to the general reading pub

years wewa'tched, silently, that “something,” that m Its steady appeal is the more
makes State, die. We tolerate second-rate perform- surprising for that reason.

ances by every organization in this college. We per- ingggerzoltgmanfi ﬁlter: predom-
. ' . . o , rc ec ure serve
mitted some organizations to flicker out, and others as the whet stones from which de-

to rise—not in a spirit of change for progress, but aided characterizations are drawn.
change ‘for deterioration. We knew that rivalry With the contemporary emphasis

had reached a deadlock, and that school spirit had “Sting” "W" "the indivmual f0"
society the author’s presentation

become “old-fashioned,” but we .refused to think of “the individual for himself” may
about it, or to produce any deCiswe action. We come as something of a shock to

could not decide whether or not to act—or what ac- readers. Miss Rand writes with an
tion was in order. impact and she has created power-

‘ I. , , ful characters.
I V H No longer is the chOIce ours.
U, ~,MenIhave returned to the halls of State, and Young Architect

I” . _ Howard Roark is an architect.
‘. .haVe brought With them a semblance of the old If Roam were an ordinary person

"M'L'Vorder and the'old spirit. The News Office and we would can him a Struggling
the Commons are smiling again With actwrty and young artist seeking to advance
1., bull. sessions.- Most promising of all is the return the theories 0f simplicity and func-

 , .‘ . , tionalism in the field of architec-
., .of men s athletics to their own. A men s basketball tum But Roﬂrk is no ordinary per_

'1 ji’lteamqhas' been formed—«Coach Hathaway is whip- so". and in spite of the fact that he
  if ' it ,into sha e——-several games have already often lives in poverty and meets
..,.P,llg.,_ ._P , , . ..
 beemscheduled, and others are on their way. This giggly $353113 andd antenjptd at
"His jus‘t the-beginning .. . . . .’ e WM. 5 rugge 0'35
_ not fit his personality. Party be-
“, _Tll'le_ll35t 15 UP ‘0 _Y(_lU, the §tlldent3 Of State cause of his ability, partly because
,‘I1J;,,'College; If you are Willing to give up your petty of his faith in his work, but most
.m- quarrelling, your ,comfortable grooves, your com- ggggltlybafeagi 23:: 5:391:80“ ":-
,,.,,, ,5  I ‘ . - , V ma -
,,,,,,,7,Pli“3?“,9-Vi  not". apathy’ perhaps you, can f)?“ ter what obstacles are placed in his
;. ‘ again the real. .State . . . the State With spirit, path, whether he wins 0,. loses,
 ingVlth' true friendliness, With unity. At any rate, Roark will always remain superior
 “,5 worth "vying to others, a whole, untouched indi-
. ' ' vidual.

~'i 1v  v .  Understands People
on.     u u u . His love affair with Dominique,a

Wealthy, talented newspaper wom-

‘Ziﬂlﬁv‘lliedpiéSday’vnight will see State’s new basketball anEh Ugouglll1 unique, is consistent
...,-..=:teani..pitted_against Siena in the opening game of gut. Péihgpgriwggﬁg? ﬁgg‘ﬁgg‘;

:ii’xrtl‘lér‘s‘eﬂ'Sfjﬂ. {Reports say that Siena has an habitu nonexistent but Ayn Rand's power
 ,‘ally' p’oWerful team. The five men on the court for lies in the fact that while we are
.3 UtStatéivillbe playing as a team for the first time. readlng we are 0°"Vinced Of his
u‘This team is.theresult of well-directed enthusiasm reality‘

 
 

l I

 

w

 

  

'waii press-copyright unit

 

giiof people if
found in her portrayal of Ellsworth
Toohey, .the newspaper critic. En-

dowed with the ability'to'see'lnto‘

the minds of others, Toohey is
able to exploit mediocre artists for
his own satisfaction. In spite of
his smug correctness and active
intellect, one finds him contemp-
tlble, but even more to be despised
are the countless numbers of “sec-
ond handers” who allow them-
selves to be dependent upon his
flattery or criticism. In this book
human frailities are not smiled at
and dismissed. Their far reaching
consequences are pointed up can-
tinually. .

A particularly effective incident
in the book is Roark’s construc-
tion of the temple. Given a free
hand, which was one of his pre-
requisites of any contract, Roark
designed a very low structure hav-
ing as its only monument the very
aesthetic nude body of Dominique;
sculptured by the conscientious
young Steven Mallory. Though not
a religious person it was Roark’s
conviction that, in a church, man
should not be lowly and humble
but at his ultimate peak of accom-
plishment and dignity before God.

Individual Dominant

Thus the .building was designed
so that man would not be sub-
merged by high vaulted ceilings
and an expanse of masonry. In
Roark‘s church, a person could
touch the ceiling. The individual
was the dominant feature. Need-
less to say, no person cared to be
that important and the temple was
destroyed.

This book is the first of any im~
portance by Ayn‘ Rand. It is not
free from some of the imperfec-
tions in style that are eventually
smoothed away by the more exper-
ienced writers. However, they are
minor points, often passed unno-
ticed in the reader’s enthusiasm for
the content. Whatever may be the
effect that this book has upon you,
this critic guarantees a decided re-
action. One is never indifferent to,
or half-hearted about, The Form-
tainhead.

 

  

 

' I and hard work. Practice has been long and steady; Anather example 0f the authors

,th SR’ll‘l‘t‘d-‘i‘llflr’lg'l'he men is high.

... ,..,.These fellows find themselves in a strange sit-

 uation—they .are the opening wedge for the return
,to nOrmal. As such, they may be welcomed or

ediﬁce Glade-«4’24

By CULLINAN & HILT

 

 .QCondemned. Wednesday night’s reception will tell
 them which road State students have deCided to One little. two “We. three “We
‘ "travel; veterans—and thus it goes on and
r I It is a commonly accepted fact that any or- on and on! Along with other war-
, ganized team or individual player operates at “me mduStl'les State 0011539

'- -highest standards it backed by a well—wishing Slgggigﬁitgg'nggghinggcésf3:

I V crowd. Cheers from the side-lines can have the lows! ws great having you back.
force and power of adrenalin t0 tired men and the How are you fixed for living con-
knowledge that one’s fellow colleagues are support— digegsva $11032; dchubhgxgg 
, , , . o . . . .

I mg the team, wm or lose, is a prop that no group ibreast but at Syracuse the fellows

can afford to he w'thOUt- are bunking in four layers. or better
Let your attendance vouch for your loyalty and Yet. Alfred and Michigan Univer-
bejief in State_ sity have set up trailer camps for

G. I. use. In fact Wisconsin has

devoted an entire airfield to the

homeless vets. They're really com-

   :‘Eggn on a wing and a prayer, what

, Top honors for the week go to
Embh’hed M'Y1916 a certain fellow at the University
By the Cl.” oi191e of Akron, Ohio. Desperation forced
him to the local fire house where,
interrupting a game of chess. he
was able to establish himself high

Note to Vets

 

i

 

VOL XXX Februmy 8' 1940 NO' 14 above the shiny polo. Possibilities

“WI”... mmnmnr arc unllmltodf Not only is the lil-
Ahmii'lullill Milli-gm.- i-i-.-... i'.,u..gi,,.,.1,1w.s, convenience of climbing stairs di-
'l'lrr- Illllli‘l'gl'lllllldll' |ir‘...ep:ipi-r ui‘ ilu- Now l'orli Hluin "ﬁnished bl” “150 the “null or “lll
Ilir'llvlilrl l‘IorI 'll‘l‘lll’l'lll"i\"ﬁ|j‘e'lgllnhlilrl ovol‘y l“l'l‘tll|,\' of llro (‘ol- fll'C hell replaces the Old llllflt'lpf'llfl-
Ili:;.l,l:’llill.m‘;\j “‘ifﬂ'.rhl.hv :1“wigs:thillit'mmiiiilnmrAim-Hi; able wartime alarm clocks. Any.
l'i'dllil-l‘, u-usro. ' ‘ ' ' spore rooms at tho flrc liousc. fol-

lows?
Of course you've all heard about
the big rumpus the Grccks urc cous~
EDWOMNCH," ing all over the country. The frin-
cognnonqwcm” mos have been fighting over sor-
uusmﬁes MANAGER critics all through the wur—~wc’ll
cmcmmou MANAGER leave the fraternities to you. As
mummms MANAGER ulwnys there's some for ’cm and
spams 5mm" some agln ’cm. Now take Minno-
AEBOCMTE EDITOR sota--~muny want them to be “logis-
AMOCMT: 5mm" lutcd out of existence," while at the
‘ 1 University of Chicago the trots will
' rcoccupy in March after the lull

‘ «wag following Pearl Harbor.

As you veterans have probably
NH.   r r ‘ surmised (if you've strugglch this
,..,M-Ale.communications,rliduld llu‘llllfll‘elllibl‘lylll outdoor bud m“ dowl‘ the comm") “’9 try to
i I n It tie lsgneiwy may will be withheld- upon to imp kcepour-rendcrs informed of what's
l} iiwos‘f‘lﬁoill; popularised?“ llasullllitld" rib mammal llui 'going'on‘ln other colleges. If you’ve

.v I ;.- e s -» .

|u Hugh espresil'rmydo Void-i lhtrggsgxlflli: r‘lo'fio‘lllqlauﬂﬁfmmypmked up any ideas in your travel”
7 _ which you think would work well

 

The News Board

JOAN D. BERBRICH - . . -.
ELIZABETH S. O'NEIL

lSABEL FEAR

JOSEPHINE MAGGIO

MARGERY CRAMER - . .
MARY SULLIVAN . . . .
KATHRYN HAGERTY
MARY TEBBIER

 

 

.i' ‘ Yr.” . Ye

 

0 our campus, how’s about letting
us in on them?
Life in General

Remember the student question-
naire we sprouted last spring? A
lot was gained and a lot was lost,
but nothing ever seemed to come
from them. Perhaps an occasional
prof dropped an author from an
English course, added an assign-
ment to a history course, or merely
bad a hemmorage in biology but
on the whole neither students or
faculty seemed to profit to any
great extent.

An idea has erupted in the Uni-
versity of Michigan whereby stu-
dents will rate their instructors and
evaluate their services. They plan
to set up departmental committees
of students which will not only rate
the instructor’s teaching ability but
will consider their development in
progressive research, their profes-
sional standing, their leadership
qualities, and their personality.
()n the Lighter Side

Did you flunk many cxnms?
Arc you worried about your future?
Students at Iowa State were in the
some condition until their V-12’s
discovered the "Groinlin-undcr-tlie-
Bridge" tcould it be one of our
4’7'ci'si Before each exam the hur-
ricd iiiiisscs simply take ll long pil-
grimage to the bridge below Union
Hill. Herc i'ovcrcntly they cast their
copper offerings to this bcncvolcni.
spirit of success. Result —~ inspira-
tion in the final quiz. The question
is-——wlio gets the copper mine? The
unsWor ismtlio summer wudcrs who
wallow in the mud beneath the
bridge. What's the mutter with our
rustic structure in Washington
Park? You drop the pennies—we'll
do the wading.

 

Letters to the Editor must be”
typed, double-spaced, and must
not exceed 260 words. Letters
must be signed but names will
be withheld upon request. ‘

 

 

 

       
 

 

 

By MINDY WARSHAW

 

WELCOME MAT UNROLLED
To all the new men of State: ‘
welcome, welcome, welcome, welcome, welcome,
WELCOME!
To all the new women:
You couldn’t have picked a better time to enroll,
you shrews, you!
AGAIN A POEM
IT’S THE SAME OLD STATE, BUT YOU’D
NEVER KNOW IT
or
D0 YOUR CLASSES TAKE ON A DIFFERENT
INTEREST LATELY?

While walking to the Commons

Past the once-quiet locker room,

You can hear the showers spraying

And the manly voices boom.

And in the Commons, if you look up,

You‘ll see a masculine glory;

The fellows look down from the mezzanine—
They’re taking inventory! _

For an hour in the Commons on Tuesday last,
The brave Lashinsky tarried,

Flirting with a blonde whOSe husband turned up
And warned him she was married.

Dr. York and the commerce girls can predict
The future, and just what’s in store,

For they’ve more men enrolled in Com. 13
Than they ever had in there before.

The P.O.’s got its, advantages too,

For if in here you would take the roll-sky,
You’d hear “present” called from familiar men
Like Bombard, Toepfer and Skolsky.

Red Evans demonstrates reconversion

To the world of sports

By sprinting down the halls of Draper

Clad in scivvy shirt and shorts.*

So let us give a cheer

To a more romantic year,

For it’s all around the halls you'll find 'cm—
Discharge buttons with MEN behind ’em!

 

*gym sliortS, but the meter didn't fit (even ’tho the
shorts did . . .)

College Calender

Friday, February 8—

4:30 P.M.—Myskania-Frosh basketball game in Hill
gym

7:00 P.M.——Junior Banquet at Jack’s Restaurant.

8:00 P.M.~Statcsinen’s Smoker in Commons.

Saturday, February 9—

7:00 P.M.—Young Adult Conference, Richardson
Hall. Subject: “What Bills in tlic Sinu-
Legislature Arc of Most Interest to
Young Adults?"

8:00 P.M.——Soph-Senior Dance in Commons.

Sunday, February 10—

5:00 P.M.—~Ncwman Holy Hour in the Small Grotto
Night—~S.C.A.—A deputation team will conduci
service at Madison Ave. Baptist Church.

Monday, February ll—

7:30 P.M.—Pl Gamma Mu will present Miss Hf‘ll‘lil‘
Whitaker who will speak on the cvulii—
atlon of history exams. Lounge.

12:00 noon—Lost and Found Auction.

Tuesday, February 12—

12:00noon—Lost and Found Auction.

3:30 P.M.—Pi ()megu Pi will con conduct a group (ll--
cussion in the Lounge: it will ho led
by Mr. George M. York, Professor oi
Commerce, and Sclmii Krisbcrg iuid
Estlicr Will, Seniors. ’l‘lic incl-ting i
chn to all comincrcc nuijors :ind i<
for the purpose of giving COlllllli‘l't'L‘
students the opportunity to givc um
criticism, pro or con, i'onci-rning llli‘

' comini-rcc curriculmn.

nglll.~—~(.‘illn(‘.l'll Club incotlng ul llll' llllliil' oI
Dr. Floyd Honrlckson. Donn Ni'lsoii
w1ll speak on “Color Plioiogriipliy” .HHI
several other topics.

Wednesday, li‘cbruury l3—

8130 A-M-“-lllll0|. S.(.‘.A.. and Newman (‘liib \\lll
participate on stutlon WAllY in oll
scrvuiicc of Brotherhood Work. The
llll’llli‘ of tho progrnm is "'l'lll' Hour
1 l.ch In," mid Muricl Rubin will nun:

1H) ‘ the song of the some llflllll'.

a. Unoon-x—hxyl. Cllllllt'l in Unitarian Church. .ll'illl
Griffin. '46. will spcuk on “Scum- oi

I llcsponsibllily"

7.00 P.M.~rlluskcibnll garlic in gym. Siuio v:.. Hit'liii

Thursday. February 14..

7530 P.M.—~Ncwmuu (llub lllfflltllll-P.“ Ni‘Wllliili llilll

7.30 P.M.~«lllutlrcnuitlcs Club meeting in Room 101,
Drupor I-lnll. llcrbori. Ford. ’40. will
speak.

 

i)ally,.12:10r12:30—~ Inter-Varsity Christian ll‘ollow-
 I V ‘I ship holds regular daily prayer mcct-
 logs in Room. 151, Hucstcd. Leadership

is alternatedamong members of the

giggl- All interested students arc in-

L's
1'02

 

-
'. “mans. .

 

“A.

 ,..s.tm.Wmosweatneermretainer e rm

 

,r, .

Doc , r,: friend, ,arid“coun'8elor‘ to
States udents far the past" fifteen
years, Dr. Matte Green is taking a
brief sabbatical leave for post-
graduate work in medicine and
.surgery at the Women's Hospital in
Philadelphia. Here she will perform
the varied duties of chief resident,
which she explained as similar to
those of a llason officer between
the staff and hospital patients.
These include supervising admis-
sion of both private and ward
patients, house calls, room service,
and the work of internes and resi-
dents, as well as the routine of
ward rounds and reports.

Dr. Sopliy Hess, who was gradu-
ated from the Woman's Hospital
in 1945, will be the acting doctor
at State until fall, when Dr. Green
will return. Dr. Hess took her B. S.
and M. A. degrees at the University
of Chicago and completed her in-
terneship at the Women’s Medical
College.

To Study At Penn U

In addition to her work at the
Women's Hospital, Dr. Green will
study at the University of Penn-
sylvania, continuing her already
Well rounded education. She is a
graduate of the University of In-
diana Medical School and Syracuse
University, and her interneship was
completed at the Women's Hospital.
Following her interneship, she re-
mained at the Woman’s Hospital
for five years working with arias-
Lhesia and X-ray. State College
enlisted her services in 1931 and
she has been here ever since. Al-
though Dr. Green has had no
formal study abroad, her personal
experience has been enriched by
an eight weeks summer trip in 1937
when she visited Vienna, Paris,
Berlin, and Munich, and attended
clinics at several European medical
Schools.

Like Young People

’ Dr. Green has been looking for—
ward to this leave since she feels
that it is extremely important to
keep in touch with medical pro-
gress and changing professional
techniques. In speaking about her
work at State, she said that she has
been particularly glad that students
have felt free to bring in their
home and social problems as well as
the medical ones.

“I especially enjoy the association
with young people," said Dr. Green,
"and I find my work at State in—
tensely interesting. It has been a
source of great pleasure to me and
I am glad to be planning to re—
turn in the fall.”

Five Vacancies

Filled ln Faculty

Several new members have been
added to the State College faculty
this semester, including three form-
er members of the faculty who have
returned after military service.

Miss Nora D. Turner is a new
member of the Mntliciniitic Depart.-
mcnt to fill the vacancy left by Mrs.
Ruth Fcc. Instructor. Miss Turner
received an AB. and MS. degree
from lowu State University. Slu-
lius liiid scvcrul yours touching cx-
pcricncc in various high schools of
lown, tlic Stain Teachers College at
Ki-ili'licy, Nebraska, and lust mulli—
iiiiiicd :i pasliion as grncluulc assis-
iziiil ill ()lilo Siiilc Univcrsliy.

Dr. Sopliy Moss is substituting
iii lllt‘ l-lygicni- lli'pill‘lllll‘lll to fill
llll' \‘iii-iiiii'y lvi‘l by Dr. Mniio
(il'l‘l’ll.

'l‘liosi- l‘l‘illl'ili’d in tho l‘ui'uliy
iiiloi' inlliiury duly includi- Mr, Paul
llulgcr. Iiisirurlor ill Milne. l)r.
llurvoy ll. li‘u-c. who l'l‘lllllffl‘S l)r.
(ioiil‘ricd l". Mcrkol m. Prol'l‘ossor
oi History, and Dr. Iliiipli lliikci'.
who i'cplnci's Mrs. Mf‘i'lllil lilgolslou,
l'lisiory instructor.

Semester Class Guardians

Mysknnm niuioiuiccs class guard-
ions for around scmcstcr, 1040: for
tho Class of 1040. Mary Lydia Scy—
inour llll(l liobcrl Ii‘runcis Sullivan;
for llic Class of I047, .lcuu Louise
Griffin and Harriet Miic Brink—
imin; for the Class of 1040, Joan
Dolores Bcrbrlcli and Mary Louise
Ouscy; for the Class of 1949, Eliza-
beth Joan McGrutli and Elizabeth
Subrn OfNeil. ,. i

   

 

 
  

’r

 set

.
i . .

ma, "l‘:",f'§t$:£‘
c

 

DR. MATIE GREEN

 

Gram/241.4- 6mm ' Ruled

Betty Hamilton, ’46, Grand Mar-
shal, has announced the Campus
Commission rules for this year as
follows:

Annex:

1. Each student is responsible for
his own refuse disposal.

2. Matches and cigarette butts,
garbage. and bottles must be placed
in the recoptacles provided.

3. Smoking is permitted within
the annex and cafeteria areas.

College Grounds Regulations:

1. Do not cut across the lawn.

2. Do not eat lunches 'or drink
coke on Campus.

3. Don't throw papers on grass or
around walks.

Coke Machine:

1. Coke is not to be taken out of
the Commons, and bottles are to be
returned to the racks.

Commons:

1. No outing of any kind what-
so—cvcr in the Commons is permit-
led.

2. Matches and cigarette butts
are to be placed in the ash trays.

3. Dancing  permitted from 12-
12235 on weekdays and from 3:30-5
pm. on Fridays.

4. Plano cannot be used unless
permission had been granted by
Jean Elting, '47, chairman of the
Commons,

Hull:

1. No smoking permitted.

2. Do not gather in corridor be-
tween periods.

3. Single filo down annex stairs
and do not block the stairs.

4. Please place paper in proper
receptacles. not on floor.

Locker Room:

1. No smoking.

2. Leave suitcases in
room.

shower

Lounge:

1. No smoking at any time.

2. No outing at any time.

3. The Lounge is a place for so-
(‘lill relaxation mid study. not
sli-cping.

'4. No iiniorous manifestation.

5. Radio should be played softly.

Mail Boxes:

1. All noics scnt ilirougli student
lliilll iiiusi bc ill lcusi. 2”x4” when
i'oldrd and dated on the outside.

3. No 3”x5” curds ill'C to be used,
ur. ilicy lll'l' to be used solely by
llll‘ ii(llilllllsli‘utlon.

:1. No books are to be returned
liirougli student mull boxes.

4. Outside of note must contain
llll' iiiimc, class and date.

5. No slickrrs are permitted on
l);i.\’('5.

l’osti-rs:

1. Paper: no grey. green. or blue

unless class color.

2.51%: is size for meetings, full
sire for advertising.

3. All posters must be approved
before they are put up. Shall be
approved at fl and 12‘ by Pastor

Committee or the Grand Marshal.
They can also be approved by Miss
Ruth Hutchin.

Publications Office:

1. No one but the members of the
News Board are to be in the P0.
on Thursday from 10:30 a. m. to
1:00 p. m.

2. Students are not to use the
PO. for ll cloakroom.

3. Matches and cigarette butts
are to be placed in ash trays pro-
vided and never thrown on floor.

4. Papers are to be thrown in
baskets provided for that purpose.

 

Directories Available Today

Agnes Young, ’46, Editor of the
Directory, has announced that re—
maining copies of the Directory will
be distributed today and Monday
at the Stamp Booth in the lower
hall of Draper from 12 to 12:30 PM.
This will enable the new students
and those who did not receive their
Directories last semester to secure
copies as long as the supply lasts.

,3:
a?

lmmW. mes-s immune '

 
   
 

Clerks run‘iuﬂand dow “the i
meriaandke‘i sea,  “1:6
\ .‘r ,“~_money Jingl' ,Sand I"
detective hired‘ for the' giant
clearance sale of Lost and
Found, Inc. prowls in and out
of the crowd, watching students
with suspicious eyes.

“Silver bangles? Yes, ma'am,
we have a very large assort-
ment. Would you be interested
in a pre-war gold plated ciga-
rette case complete with ciga-
rettes?” ’

“No, sir, I'm sorry, our last
genuine diamond engagement
ring was sold just a few min-
utes ago. Try again next year."

Gay plaid kerchiefs, leather
gloves, pins, brooches, pens and
pencils, pocketbooks, wallets —
all prices slashed for the big-
gest sale of the year on Febru-
ary 11 and 12.

Remember the motto of Lost
and Found. Inc. “If you need
it, Lost and Found probably
has it."

 

 

Harvey Announces
Plans For Spring Play

Mary Harvey, ’47, President of
College Playhouse, has announced
that the organization wiu meet
Thursday noon in Room 206, Dra-
per. to form committees for the
new semester. Miss Harvey also
stated that the executive committee
has appointed Marianne Davis, ’46,
director of the annual spring three
act play to be presented Saturday,

a
3

The general meeting will discuss
possibilities for the three-act play
Miss Davis is directing. Last; year
the College Playhouse under the
direction of Martha Joyce, ’45, pro-
duced the plays, “The Damask
Cheek” in the fall and “Night Must
Fall" in the spring. These were the
first productions of the new organ-
ization.

It has also been announced that
Edith Dell, ’48, will direct a one-
act play to be presented in assem-
bly Friday, April 5. Committees are:
Sets, Dorothy Diffin, ’48; Lights,
Frances Child, ’48; Props, Rosemary
Ryan, ’48; Costumes, Alice Knapp,
’47; and Make-up, Elizabeth Mar-
got, '47.

Tryouts for both plays will be
announced later on the Dramatics
and Arts bulletin board and in as-
sembly.

 

   
  
  
 

    
  
  

   
WillDir‘c

Problems Cl Vacant
State College students have been
invited to several conferences, which
will be held in Albany today and
tomorrow for the young aduth [of
several committee to discuss ideas.
organization problems, and content
material for building socially pur-
poseful activities in their home
towns. These conferences will-be
sponsored by the New York' state
Community Service Council affili-
ated with the University or the
State of New York.

To Meet in Lounge .

A meeting of the Council will be
held tomorrow night in the 16111180
from 9 to 12 RM. The first'pm
of the evening will be devoted too
discussion of the topic: WlmtlBllls
in the State Legislature Are of
Most Interest to Young A'dult's.’
The remainder of the evening will
be a social affair. Miss Barbara
McClure, Glens Falls, is chairman.

At various meetings, several
questions will be discussed with
competent adult consultants, ‘ln-
eluding the place of the veteran as
a participating citizen in“ his com-
munity, state‘ legislation concern-
ing veterans, and education.» and
postwar construction. 1 ,

The New York State Community
Service Council' is [a . stateawide
cross-section of young adults repre-
sentative of the Youth Service
Council PrOgr'am.',The‘ Council is
non-political, non-«sectarian; 1 non-
partisan, and, non-institutional.**1te‘
fundamental principle is that"the
strength of democracy depends on
how much responsibility individuals
are willing to assume and‘iho'wfmc-
tive and intelligent a‘ part they-r‘take
in making the machinery ofezgov-
ernment operate" for the common
good. i ‘ ‘ ' " '

CouncilAim , .  '
The council’s aim. is to deyelop
leadership by providing a .COmmon
center and opportunity for, ,ypung
adults to test their ideas. pldns
by submitting them to judgmentof
larger groups, "representathe'j of
many divergent interests ,and back-
grounds. . , " " ‘

Mirth, Madness OF Gala State Fair To Capture Campus

By CAROL CLARK

The days of the horse and buggy
are gone. but there's still State Fair
on a slightly modern scale. Grand.
pa would be amazed if he could take
a trip down the Midway from Hues-
ted to the Commons on February 16.

At the statesmen-AE Phi show at
7:00 PM. in Page. Grandpa and
Grandma would scratch their heads
and wonder whether the jeans they
used to wear for work had become
the national costume for evening.
They might even have a hard time
telling boys from girls.

After the initial shock. grandpa
and grandma might decide that
a nice cool drink would just liis the
spot. They could find coke and
pop at the Psi Gain and Clll Sig
cafes. They would enjoy seeing the
young folks dancing. but they would
never guess that the haunting cx—
prcssions on some of the girls‘ faces
indicated that the State ratio was
slowly approaching noriniil nftor
four ulniost manlcss years.

It's a far cry from cullco io slinky
block jorscy, but griindpu would still
appreciate :1 pretty girl and grand—
mu would know just how hard it is

to get the right line. The KD fash—
ion show will present the most mod—
ern styles on the most glamorous
models at the newest. salon.

Grandpa might wish that he had
brought pennies instead of dimes
because the admission to each con-
cession will be just a few cents.
fGnandma might be remembering
the lace tablecloth she won at a
raffle fifty years ago. Wouldn‘t
she be surprised if she won the pair
of NYLONS that Student. Council
will offer? But anyone who enters
that contest had better bring along
an armed guard in case the raffle
turns into a rabble.

The BZ circus will be easier on
the bones but just as exciting as
the roller coaster of outdoor fairs.

Duffy's Tavern will come to life
complete with the Saylcs Hall
Brooklyn accent. and expressions
that even Mrs. Malnprop couldn‘t
have topped.

Grandma and grandpa would
laugh at a new Mysknnlu wildly
puffing out their dignified checks
in an effort to blow up the toy bul-
looiis they will offer for sale.

in tho good old fashioned tradi-
tion Hillel will conduct a photo

gallery. The Newman. Hall conces-
sion will be called “Uniteddflovel-
ties" and will present several for-
eign nations through songs. and
dances. I - .

By the time eleven o‘clock strikes,
the. concessions will be closing up,
the last Pierce Hall show will be
working up to a climax in the erst-
while NEWS office, and the Phi
Delt Turkish swami will be making
her last promises of happy mar-
riages. Even grandpa and grandma
would decide that this State Fair
topped the ones when they were
young.

The clmperones will be Dr. Shields
Mcllwoine. Professor of English, Dr.
Mary Goggln, Instructor in Latin,
and Dr. Harvey Rice, Professor of
Social Studies.

 

RICVELON CHEN YU

college Pharmacy

7 No. Lake at Western Ave.
Albivny, New York

Woodbury Jergens

 

 

H. F. Honikel & Son

Pharmacists
lSTAllLISIlED 1905 PHONE 4-2036
187 CENTRAL AVE.
ALBANY. N. Y.

CENTRAL
Barber Shop

210 (leiiiral Avenue Albany. N. Y.

 

 

 

 

GEORGE D. .lEONEY. PROP.

BOULEVARD

for the

l 98~2OO CENTRAL AVENUE

 

The most of the Best

DIAL 5—1913

CAFETERIA

Lcust

 

 

 

m

usilEduco’tiéii; '

  
   
 
 
 
    
     
      
       
      
     
           
       

.~H~Mw.msi..w. ._
. _.r j. . or

I

   

