 Brother, Dial

One day last Spring a young ’46er woke up and

found that she had been elected Editor-in-Chief .
of the Pedagoguc. Her eyes shonewith happiness,

and she was filled 'with a shining, vibrant enthu-
siasm. September, October, November, and De-
cember rolled by.

Then came January 1, 1946, and a new year
i. . . and bills . . . bills from' the printer, bills from
the engraver. And although bills stretch with
greatease, budgets do not show the same elas-
ticity. The result is obvious—either State gets
a mediocre yearbook, or, with the aid of the stu-
dent body, a Ped superb. Equally as obvious is the
fact that the decision rests with the students.

An analysis of the situation is essential before
a solution may be found. Advertisements are the
first and most advantageous means of gaining ex-
tra money. Another possibility is the request by
the Pedagogue for an appropriation from the sur-
plus. The third and last possibility is to cut the
yearbook both in quality and quantity. The last
method would certainly be the least desirable.

According to rather reliable reports, the adver-
tising staff of the Pcdagog’ue has already combed
the city of Albany. Consequently, future “ads”
must come from outside of the city. Yearbook
advertisements are usually complimentary, rather
than commercial, and are given as a token of good
will. This, therefore, is an open field to all mem-
bers of Student Association . . . certainly father’s
hardware store, uncle’s automobile shop, and the
old home town drug-store hang-out would all glow
with pride at the idea of having an “ad” in the
State College Pedagoguc. For further information
concerning rates, space, etc., contact Jean Griffin,
Editor, or Joan Mather, Advertising Manager.

Naturally, you can shrug your shoulders and
retort that this isn’t your problem. But the Fed
is yours, and without your help, cannot be the
publication that it should. ‘

I'Let’s Don Long Pantsl

Discourtesy is the mirror of stupidity and the
reflection of conceit.

Forgetful, perhaps, of the connotations of adol~
'escent behavior, State students last Friday exhi-
bited a display of boisterous conduct that was
' _ disgraceful and unwarranted.

Granted that the assembly showed definite signs
of lasting longer than noon, and that hunger is a
' natural incentive to restlessness and impatience,

common courtesy requires attention and respect
from any audience when someone is lecturing. We
are, supposedly, living in a civilized era, and State,
also supposedly, is composed of the higher intel—
lects.

It would not be too serious a matter if this
were the first occurrence. It has, however, been
., all too frequent in the past, and has grown steadily
. worse. We wonder what impression of State Miss
Maurer carried away with her. We wonder if she
realizes that the verbal confusion was due, not to
lack of interest, but to State’s tendency to have
weekly relapses into childhood . . .

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May 1916
By the Class of 1918

February 15, 1946 N0. 15

Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate i'resn Collegiate Digest
The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State
College for Teachers; published every Friday of the Col-
lege year by the NEWS iioard tor the Student Associa-
tion. Phones: lierbrlcb, Balilﬂlim'Ncli, 3,0538; it‘eur, 8-1011;
(,‘rnrner, 2~li31t).

 

. The News Board
.mm o. aaaamca . . . ..
ELIZABETH B. O'NEIL - ~ .
ISABEL FEAR . .

aDITon-IN-cnlu
CO-Eanon-lN-CHIEF
auemzao MANAGER
JOSEPHINE MAGGIO cmcutmos MANAGER
MARGERV CRAMER - aovzanemo MANAGER
MARY SULLIVAN - - - - - aroma EDITOR
KATHRYN HAGERTV . - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
MARY TESSlER - - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR

 

tame 2

 

All communirmtlens should be addressed to the editor and
must be signed. Nantes will be withheld upon request.
The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions ex iresscd in its cola" w or cotrnnuuioatleua
Is ouch express one do not aeccsaa 'ily reflect its View.

9a-

 

STATI COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 15, 1946

Revised 5. A. Constitution

Article I-VI

The revised constitution of Stu-
dent Association will be introduced
today in assembly. Following are the
important changes made in Articles
I through VI. Changes that incur re-
wording and rephrasing only, with no
consequent change in meaning, have
not been listed.

Preamble—no change.

Article l—no change

Article II—no change.

Article III—no change.

Article lv—Section 1b:

Present reading: To appoint all
committees and their chairmen not
otherwise provided for. Changed to:
To appoint with the approval of Stu-
dent Council, etc.

Section 1f added: To act as presi-
dent of Student Council. This has
been true. for years, but has never
been included in the Constitution.

Section 2b, 2c, and 2d added:

2b: To collect the Freshman dues.

2c: To act as vice-president and
treasurer of Student Council.

2d: To act as Student Council rep-
resentative to S. Bd. of Finance.

Section 3b added to duties of Sec-
retary: To act as Secretary of Stu-
dent Council.

Sections 4 and 5 interchanged, and
wording slightly changed. Section 4:
A Faculty Member of the Board of
Audit and Control, changed to Sec-
tion 5: A Faculty Chairman for Stu-
dent Board of Finance appointed by
President of the College. Section 5:
It shall be the duty of the Treasurer
to take charge of the finances of
the Association, changed to Section
4: A Treasurer who shall be a mem-
ber of the faculty appointed by the
president of the College.

Article V—No change.

Article VI—Executive Department.

Section i—Executive power of this
Association shall be vested in the
Student Council—changed to: shall
be vested in the president of the
association who shall be assisted by
the Student Council.

Section Z—added that members of
Student Council shall hold office for
one year.

Section 2e deleted —— The President
of the Graduate class from the time
of the incorporation of this class
in the school year 1943.

Section 3—added. The officers of
Student Council shall be the same
as those of Student Association.

Section 4—Dutles of Student Coun-
cil. (Order of arrangement changed.
Other changes here listed.)

Section 4b: To act as an advisory
board to Student Association, changed

to: To introduce legislation and act
as an, etc.

Section 41’: To charter all boards.
committees and associations receiv-
ing support from S. A. budget. Added
to this are two sub-sections:

1. To require changes in the Con-
stitutions of organizations receiving
support through the S. A. budget.

2. To approve or veto changes in
these constitutions.

Section 4g added: To act on as
advisory inter-collegiate board.

Section 4h added: To act as me-
diary between the students and the
faculty and the administration. In
the present Constitution this duty
is relegated to no organization. In
the past Myskania has handled stu-
dent-faculty relations, and in the last
couple of years, Student. Council, also,
has done some work on this project.
In the new Constitution, both or-
ganizations are granted separate di—
visions of this field. Howaver, Dr.
Sayles has stated his preference for
having one organization in complete
charge. Therefore, Student Associa-
tion will vote to decide to which or-
ganization this duty shall be rele—
gated.

Section 4i: to appoint Campus
Commission, changed to: To approve
or veto all regulations of Campus
Commission.

Section 4m—to appoint the follow-
ing officials:

1. A competent. auditor who shall
check the books of each organization.
(This was formerly the duty of Stu-
dent Board of Finance.)

2. Pro-tempore officers to fill va-
cancies occurring within two weeks of
regular nominations. The first half
of this statement; has been attribut-
ed to Student Council in Article 8,
Section E4. The time limit is an ad-
dition.

3. An election commission of five
members, one of whom is to be desig-
nated president. (Formerly Article 8,
Section C3, which gave this power
to the President of S. A. with the
approval of Student Council.)

Sectionsv4o 4p, 4g, and 4r have
been added. Section 40 concerns Stu-
dent Board of Finance; Section 4p
provides for recounting of ballots by
Student Council; Section 4q and 4r
provide for impeachment of Student
Association and Class officers.

Individual changes may be passed
by a. majority vote: the entire Consti-
tution may be passed by a 2/3 vote.

Listing of changes in the remaind-
er of the Constitution will be printed
in succeeding issues of the STATE
COLLEGE NEWS. v

C’alkge Glade-(412.4

By CULLINAN do HILT

Rah, Rah, Rah!

According to the illuminating ar-
ticle on Sports Page last week, State
seems to be in for a prolific siege
of male prowess on the basketball
court. State's good form in the Stone
game Wednesday night spurred on
the already high enthusiasm to an
even greater pitch. In this feverish
state of frenzy why not bring back
some of the gala sport dances of
former years?

Buffalo University has a unique
idea in this line. Preceding their top
games they sponsor an informal din-
ner dance with music for the crowds,
cheers for the team, and bets for the
beers. Of course we couldn’t be quite
so lavish but an informal, abbreviated
luncheon in the Commons would cer-
tainly arouse the old State spirit. The
exuberant spirits could then trek on-
word to Page fully prepared for the
evening's onslaught. A Saturday night
affair would be ideal for this sort of
fling (the Ben] and the Sweet Shop
get rather obsequlous by this time).
College of The Empire State

The use of tradition has often been
questioned but we have found Indiana
State 'I‘euchors’ College has suffered
from lack of it. Our custom of mak-
ing freshmen learn the Alma Mater
in their first weeks of school (an-
der Sophomore persuasion) is far
better than having the student and
facility thumbing “trough the pages
of song books in its rare use at con-
vocation mcctlng in Indiana. In fact
conditions are so bad that their col-
lege paper has been forced to take
up valuable space trying to remedy
the pitiful situation. One of our rar-
est examples of student unity is the

weekly singing of our Alma. Mater
in assembly whereas at Indiana, vot-
ing was necessary to make it part
of convocation.

The recent Inter-Group Council
conference is still echoing repercus—
sion throughout the State. Oswego
and Buffalo State Teachers' Inter-
Group Councils, among the first to
take up the cry, have made great pro-
gress in such organization. Two mem-
bers of our faculty, Dr. Stewart and
Dr. Jones, have already addressed
these two groups, the former at Os-
wego and the letter at Buffalo. on
Wednesday of this week Cortland
College had its first meeting for the
purpose of discussing the various
aims and objectives of such a group.
More than just student participation
they are striving to interest the peo-
ple of Cortland in this important
project.
liubba-liubba

The University of Chicago recently
featured a little tidbit in their paper
which may interest. the babe huba
fiends of State. since it would be
a shame to change its style we pre-
sent it as quoted:

“Hubba-hubim," one of the most
widely used expressions emergingr
from the war, baffles all scmanticists
(word specialists). Coined on the
physical training fields of the Santa
Ana Artny Air Base, "IIubba-hubbu”
has been used to express practically
every type of emotion. The work was
carried to all corners of the earth
by air crew members and was finally
brought back to America to serve as
an inspiration to the song. “Ilubbu,
Hubba, Hubba.”

By MINDY WARSHAW

DON’T GO TO A LOAN COMPANY:
LOOK FOR THE SHOES . . .
Ad in (to Albany newspaper:

Lost, three shoes, tw0 alligators, one lizard, Pine
Hills district. Reward.

Men—don’t borrow from your roommate for that
first heavy date at State—canvas the Pine Hills dis-
trict and find these three shoes. I will give you the
name of the owner from whom you may claim your
reward. That; is all . . .

NYLONS FOR SALE: CRUSH IN THE RUSH

The E. W. Edwards & Son store in Syracuse
advertised a sale of nylons last week. The
Syracusiennes, preferring to remain ladylike, smashed
only one showglass window, slashed only one man’s
left leg, and caused only one ex-soldier (Guam and
Saipan were never like this) to pass out from the
pressure. Frailty, thy name is woman! (OI-I YEAH?
NOT ANY MORE IT AIN’T!—~voice of the ex-soldier
caught in the rush.)

LATEST SHORTAGE

Have you heard about the bubble gum shortage
currently sweeping our city? The other day we were
almost hurled to the ground by excited kiddies stand-
ing in a bubble gum queue outside the corner candy
store. “Fer cryin’ out loud!” protested one lad to a
lassie behind him, “Will you quit yer pushin’? I been
standing in this here line for fifteen minutes now!”
“Boy,” said the little girl sarcastically, “whatta gentle-
man, I must say!" (Well, we all have our little prob-
lems, haven’t we?)

ATOM BOMB RIDES AGAIN

Latest story of the atom bomb hails from France
where a parisian public was panicked last week by
a French radio take-off on the Orson Welles “Man
From Mars” program. Monsieur Jean Mocher, jokaire
practicale, frightened the Parisians with a broad—
cast entitled, “Platform 70 or the Atomic Age.” The
listeners were led to believe that this little old earth
of ours was suddenly beginning to disintegrate (atom-
ically, of course). So . . . they ran to the police, called
the fire department, and some of them even commit-
ted suicide. Then, at the end of the program, a
soothing voice asked: “You weren’t frightened, were
you? It was a funny joke, no?” (Monsieur Nocher
left town immediately after the broadcast.)

PLEA FROM S-Z

This is a far-off cry from the end of the alphabet,
the oppressed, the prejudiced against, the intoler-
antly treated. In third year of grammar school, we
were the last to get weighed and measured. In third
year of high school. we were the last to get. innocu-
latcd. And now. in third year of college. we arc the
last to gel; seats in assembly and must sit in the
balcony with the freshmen. And why? All because
our forefathers bore surnames whose first initials ran
from S-Z. We realize that the overcrowded condition
in assembly makes it necessary for a part; of the
Junior Class to sit in the balcony, and we have set. our
part. But now we feel that. our places should be taken
by the A—F’s, those forerunners of all good things in
life, and the S-Z’s should take the A-F’s places right
in the front. seats of the assembly. End of the alpha-
bet unite!

College Calender

Friday, February 15—
1:00 P. M.—Stute Examination in French. German
and Spanish. Room 206. Draper.
Saturday, February 16—
Afternoon :——l)cbate Council will visit Syracuse for
double debate with Syracuse and Wells. Subject:
Resolved: That there would be unrestricted Jewish
immigration into Palestine.
7:30 P.M.——State Fair sponsored by all group houses,
religious clubs, commuters. Page.
Sunday. ll‘cbruary [7—-
5:00 P .M.——Ncwmnn Club will hold its Holy Hour.
0:30 P. M.——(lanterimry Club meeting and reception
for new students. St. Andrew's Parish House. Re-
freshments $10.
Monday, Februray 18
3:30 P. M.——lnter-Varsily Bible Study Hour will be
held. Speaker. Rev. David Gray, grad. student. Room
151. Draper.
Tuesday. ltebruary l9—
SCA compulsory cabinet meeting. Time and place
to be announced.
12 Noon~Muslc Council record playing sessions every
Tuesday noon in Room 28. Richardson.
Wednesday. February 20-—
lntcr~Vurslty will hold a tea. Lounge.
Jean Connor, "iii, chairman.
12 Noon-« SCA (‘hnpt-i, Mary ’l‘cllun to npt'ult on
“’i‘o,|ny.” Unitarian Church.
11:30 P. M. (‘ommcrcc (‘lub general nlcctlim’. lloom
304 Draper.
ltzlll) P. M. St‘A I"l‘lt.~ill talent show in the Commons.
'i‘bursday, [February ill
2:30 P. M.- iilllel will present. "The Singing llluck
smith." n Yiddish movie. Lounge.
8:00 P. M.~ StlA-ililiei joint. meeting with Rev. Mc-
lonaithy. Subject: “The Bases of the Many Pro-
testant Scots." Lounge.
Dally, l2:ill—12:3(l--~Iutcr-Varlly Christian [fellowship
holds regular daily prayer meetings in Room liil.

 State * Men Take Over Arnold Hous

l

50 Serviceman

Will Reside In
New Building

Benevolent Association
Buys Historic Mansion

The Benevolent Association of the
New York State College for Teachers
has purchased the Benjamin Arnold
home for use as a men’s dormitory.
The building is located at the corner
of Sprague and State Streets, and
will have accommodations for fifty
students after remodeling.

Situated a. short block from the
campus, the only men’s dormitory at
State borders on Washington Park
and has a. large walled-in garden
which extends through to Western
Avenue. At present there are thirty-
two ex-servicemen occupying the
dorm.

Designed by Kim, Reed, White

The mansion which is considered
one of the finest and most beautiful
homes in Albany, was constructed at
the beginning of the century. It is
the only building in the city designed
by Kim, Reed and White, Well-known
architects of New York City. It is
built of red brick and white stone,
and its large ball is constructed on
the same style as that of the Schuyler
mansion.

The porch, in the form of a Greek
colonnade, opens on the main hall.
The large entrance hall extends half
the length of the building to a wide
curved staircase. On the right of the
entrance hall there is a completely
glassed-in sunporch facing the gar-
den.

A (3.1. Home _

Before the Arnold home was ac-
quired by the college, facilities for
almost half the returning ex-service-
men were lacking. The housing prob-
lem was so acute at one time that
the plan to put up cots in the main
rest room at the College was seri-
ously considered. With the purchase
of the building, accommodations were
assured for part of the 126 students
who are enrolled at. State under the
provisions of the GI. Bill of Rights.

Each room on the main floor has
a fireplace, and the floors are made
of teakwood imported from Africa.
All the bedrooms on the second and
third floors have adjoining baths.
Former Owners

Benjamin Arnold, original owner
of the mansion, was born into a poor
family, but at the time of his death
about fifteen years ago, he was a
millionaire. His fortune was made
in the lumber industry, and the fam-
ily had lumber holdings from New
York to Oregon. He married twice:
each of his wives was a member of
the Van Rensselaer family, old pa-
troons of this section who cstablashed
the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.

The previous owner of the home,
Professor Edward Sampson, former
Princeton University geologist now in
service with the government in Japan
is the husband of the late Catherine
Arnold.

IGC Big- 8 Will Be
Folk Festival In April

Shirley Passow, ’40, President of
Inter-Group Council, has announced
that the council will sponsor a Big-8
folk festival on April 6. Dr. Louis
C. Jones. Assistant. Professor of Eng-
lish, will speak to a local church
group March 1 on “Afro—American
Music,”

The Spoukcrs’ Panel of the IGC
presented a radio broadcast ’l‘hurs-
(lay at. 10:45 A. M. on WSNY. The
topic was "What Do We Know About
Living Together In the (lonuntmlin
'i'hoso who llut'llt'lpulctl in the broad-
cast were Lorna Kunz, "1’1 lliltl ’l‘hcl—
inn lt'iliot. 'tlli.

Lois iiuichinsmr. ’4’]. spoke Sunday
at. the excellich tum-tho; of the New
York State lonunuuity Ht'l‘vicc Coun-
cil. Miss Hutchinson now a sum-
mary of the work being; carried on
by the ICC here at. State.

At. the meeting of the executive
coimnitteo, Wednesday, Celene. Axel-
rod, '47, was chosen cln‘drnmu of the
IGO Big-H.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 13, 1946

not V

 

State’s New Dormitory

The building at 465'Statc Street has been purchased by the Benevolent Association of State College as
the new regidence hall for the returning veterans studying here under the GI Bill of Rights. The house,

designed by the famous architect Stanford White,

Exhibit Of Soap Carvings
Constitutes Library Display

The mothers and fathers fifty
years ago used to admonish the
younger generation to have “good
clean fun.” Brought up to date
and applied to hobbies, that
phase could be used for soap carv-
ing.

Marian Carter took up cutting
the Ivory about a month ago
when her small daughter Diane
became fascinated with a collec-
tion of soap animals in a. store.
This week, some of the results of
her experience are on display in
the library.

A miniature mother and baby
elephant lumber along, trunks
carefully curled up and under.
A Hawaiian girl clothed in a full-
skirtcd midrlff gown and carry-
ing a guitar. sways gracefully on
her pedestal for the benefit of a.
sad eyed daschund and sporty
terrier. A raklsh Mexican hat,
and a pair of intricately carved
miniature book-ends complete
the exhibit.

Hillel To Vote For Co-Editor

Voting wil take place on Wednes-
day. for the. co—editor of the “Hillel
News" to take the prime of Miriam
Meirowitz, who transfered from State
College to New York University.

 

Myskania Report. . .

(Continual from Page 1, Col. 1)

22. Organized freshman class.

23. Contuctcd college organizations
to determine possible openings
for students entering State this
February.

~. Supervised organization of Col-
lege—Wide Dance to be held Feb-
ruary 22.

.Sllmp'slcti to Strident. Council
that a supplement. to tho Direc-
tory be issued . . . .‘;ll])1)l('lll(‘lll.
to include nniacs of students
entering Slate this iii‘cin'uury.
Suitllcslion uctwptcd,

‘. (Toilet-ted money from Student
Association for refreshments for
Christmas Party for Albany
Home. Since ovcr tliilii was col~
lectcd, there was a surplus after
all expenses hurl been paid. After
investigation, it. was decided to
use the. money to buy n'combinu—
Lion Vic and Radio for the gym—
nashuu of the Home.

Pierce To Hold
Annual Formal

In lngle March 23

A semi-formal dance sponsored by
Pierce Hall will be held March 23rd
in the Inglc Room from 9 P. M. to
l A. M. Dolores Teamerson. '46, and
Alice Knapp. '47, are co—chairmen of
the affair.

The “Jonquil Jump" will be the first
Pierce Hall Prom to be held since the
beginning of the war. Before the war
such dances were held annually. The
logic Room will be decorated in green
and white with the jonqull theme
1.n'edominatlng. Each man will be is-
sued a jonqull as a lapel flower.

Pierce Halls girls and their escorts
will be admitted free but all others
will be charged $1.50. Dr. and Mrs.
Edward Cooper, Dr. and Mrs. Derk
Ticszcn and Dr. and Mrs. J. Allan
Hicks will attend as chaperones.

Pierce Hall's social committee will
assist the eo-chalrmen in planning
the event. The committee consists
of: Dorothy Caughran, Joan Alver-
son, Juniors; Marian Mieras. Doro-
thy Skelton, Shirley Eygabroat, Sop-
homores: Mary Lois O’Neil. Carolyn
Wood. and Joyce Simon, freshmen.

Andrews To Present
Colloquium At Cornell

Dr. Charles L. Andrews. Professor
of Physics, will give a colloquium
on “Microwave. Optics" at. Cornell
University on Monday. Dr. Andrews
and Mr. Marvin J. Pryor, Instruc-
tor in Physics, attended the national
meeting of the American Associa-
tion of Physics Teacher at Columbia
University January 24, 25 and 26.

Dr. Andrmvn will present. his collo-
qulm before the faculty and graduate
students in lhc Dcparimmrt of Phys-
lt‘S.

During the meeting of the Ameri-
can Association of Physics ri‘cuehers,
llr. Andrews delivered a lecture on
"llcnirmslrntion oi" the Use of M1-
crowaves in ’i‘eacithu,r Phyicul Op-

CENTRAL
Barber Shop

tzlll (‘entrul AVenuc Albany. N. Y.

 

 

is located on the corner of State and Sprague Place.

Photo Courtesy of Times Union

Bulger Schedules

Senior Meeting

Mr. -Paul Bulger, Instructor in Ed-
ucation, has announced that an im-
portant meeting of all Seniors, Grad-
uate students, veterans, and other
men who hope to secure teaching
positions through the Student Em-
ployment Bureau will be held in
Room 20. Richardson, Wednesday
afternoon at 3:30 PM.

The purpose of the meeting, which
is under the direction of Mr. Bulger
and Miss Mary R. Albert, is to im-
press upon t.he students their obli-
gallons to State and to themselves in
securing positions as teachers in New
York state.

Mr. Bulgcr also has announced
that. two Seniors and two Graduate
students have secured positions
through the S. E. B. Herbert Ford,
‘46. has a position as Mathematics
instructor in Greenville, New York.
Marion Munzar, Graduate student.
has accepted a position as Librarian
in Greenville. Marion Isabelle Davis,
'45. has a position as Mathematics
instructor in Copenhagen, and J0-
sephlnc Maggie, '46, will be Com-
merce instructor in Greenvillc.

New Constitution 

(Continued from Page 1, Column 3)
is to have the President of the Men’s
Athletic Association, Harold Weber,
'47. in conjunction with Coach Mer-
lln Hathaway, appoint eight new
men to MAA Council. Their appoint-
mean will be subject to the approval
of the men of the college. This plan
would serve temporarily until later
in the spring when a more perma-
nent system would be devised under
a revised MAA constitution.

Special assemblies will be called to
discuss the revised Student Associ-
atlon constitution, according to Hel-
en Show. '46, President of Student
Association. This was deemed neces-
sary in view of the time that would
be consumed in regular assemblies
on debate.

OTTO R. MENDE

Tm: COLLEGE JEWELER

103 CENTRAL AVE.

 

 

 

H. F. Honikel & Son

Pharmacists
ESTABLISHED I905 PHONE 4-2080
157 CENTRAL AVE.
ALBANY, N. Y.

 

 

SCA Schedules
Open Meetings

Fellowship Announces
Lectures, Appointments

Three of the campus religious clubs
have slated activities for the com-
ing week. Student Christian Associa-
tion and Hillel have planned an ex-
change meeting while Inter-Varsity
Chritian Fellowship will sponsor a
tea.

Harriet Brinkman, ’46, President of
Student Christian Association, has
announced that Rev. William Mc-
Conaghy, Minister of the Madison
Avenue Presbyterian Church, will lec-
ture on ' Thursday, at joint meet-
ing of SCA and Hillel in the Lounge
at 8:00 p. m. His topic will be “The
Bases of the Many Protestant Sects.”
Fresh Club

The Frosh Club of SCA will pre-
sent a melodrama singing and
dancing Wednesday in the Commons
at 8:00 p. m. Nominations for Presi-
dent and General Chairman of Frosh
Club will clOse at that time. Voting
will take place at the general meeting
on Thursday.

Day of Prayer ‘

"World-Wide Day of Prayer" will
be observed at the First Presbyter-
ian Church, Sunday. February 24.
The SCA men will usher and Justine
Maloney will give a short talk on the
significance of the clay. The entire
student body is invited to attend.

Recently SCA has taken over the
Sunday- night services at churches in
the vicinity and has led young peo-
ple’s groups.

Justine Maloney ’48 has been ap-
pointed head of the worship commit-
tee to fill the vacancy left by the
resignation of Betty Brewster, ’47.
Tryouts are being held for a play to
be presented at the March meeting. ‘
Inter-Varsity

Sally Holmes, ’47, President of In-
ter-Varsity Christian Fellowship, has
announced that the Bible Study
Hour will be resumed on Monday at
3:30 p. m. in Room 151, Draper. A
systematic study of Biblical teach-
ings will be started by Rev. David
Gray, a graduate student. On Wed-
nesday at 3:30 P. M. a Fellowship
Hour will be held in the Lounge.
Students from RPI and other area.
colleges will speak. Refreshments will
be served under the direction of Jean
Connor, '48.

Appointments

The following Inter-Varsity ap-
pointments have been made: Pub-
licity chairman, Kay Grant, '49; Rep-
resentative to the executive commit-
tee from the freshman class, Muriel
Owens, ’49; Missionary co-chairmen,
Vera Dulany, ’48, and Doris Hoen-
nlnger, ’49.

All students who are interested are
invited to attend the Bible Study
Hours and Fellowship Hours, as well
as the daily prayer meeting, spon-
sored by Inter-Varsity.

SCA has received an invitation to
attend an SCM Round Table dinner
and conference at Union College, Sat-
urday. March 9. The new Chaplain,
Dr. 0. Victor Brown, will be host.
There will be a dinner, discussion and
dancing for men and women from
the five colleges in the Capital Dis-
trict. Those interested in attending
may sign up on the SCA bulletin
board, Friday afternoon. The first ten
girls to sign up will be recommended
first.

 

Central

Vacuum Repair Shop

ALBANY. N. Y.
PHONE 4~0247

tori-3 CENTRAL Ave.

 

 

COMPLIMENTS
OF

RAMPIIS
RESTAURANT

203 Central Ave.

 

 

 

 

 

