   
      
 
  

  

 
   

 

    
  
  

    
   
     
    
 
  
  
    
  
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

“4.1.2.114-..nr. -. “w ., , ... ..
A Tax 0 Royal Blue ... We Salute You
We, the editors of the NEWS, dedicate the two center pages of
this issue to Myskania. -Although Myskania has been in disfaVOr,
and is no longer in existence, we feel that it deserves a vote of thanks
an “Mime high. we wanted a Student Union, we and recognition for its 29 years of service to State College. Some of
its actions have not been approved by Student Association, but in its
long career, it has started or aided the progress of almost every major

Organization in State College. It started Student Government. It
began the campaign for college dormitories. On page 3, we have

 

Several years ago, State COllege Student Asso-
ciation decided that State needed a Student Union.
Investigations were begun, and enthusiasm reached

planned to have one within ten years. We were
so excited, so interested, that we agreed to pour
all of our coppers into the Student Union Fund. '
Time has passed. The Class‘of ’46 is on the
brink of graduation. Pledge cards for the Student
Union were brought forth a few days ago, and are

printed the history Of Myskania
when it ended.

arm: «can: new; mom. Mrs. 194.

 

from 1917 when it. began, to 1946 By M‘NDY SKOLSKY

. . . . We the editors of the News wish to take this opportunity to CORRESPONDENCE COURSE ~
5"" Pemlous‘y blank' Does ’46 “able that ‘t was wish the, new Judicial Body all the ,luck in the world. We realize that

A stray letter to the folks at home was found in the
P. 0. last night by a Sophomore Desk Editor. Seems

one of the four classes that originated the idea of - - I -
. . you were fighting for what you believed, Just as we fought for what U m b a freshman to Mother. (And I
a StUdent Umon? Does "1 for that reason! under' we believed. We, as editors of the NEWS, have received criticism for 253,3,“3 WI en y

stand its responsibility for a Student Union?

no place to rest before an evening activity—that

. I . upholding our right to say what we pleased in our editorial columns. Dear Momma,
We kHOW that States StUdent aCtIVItICS "68d As members of Myskania, we have received criticism for supporting

better, more private Offices—that the Commuters Myskania as it was. We have been called undemocratic, tyrannical,

have no place to stay after a school function and and have been accused of trying to undermine student opinion.

Now that the battle is over. and Myskania has left the field for

Enclosed you will find $3.00, your allowance for
the week. Rlease note I have raised it 500 and don’t
bother me for any more as it’s all I can afford al
the present time.

Yes, I’d like you to come up next weekend. Only it‘s

we have no lounge for bull sessions and impromtu a new organization, we feel the time has arrived to forget our differ- Moving Up Day, not Coming Down Day. (Stop being
smokers—that there’s no room open for dancing ences and, for the welfare of State College, to unify once again be- such a pessimist—I’ve only been here a year.) It‘s

on afternoons and evenings, we realized an this hind a, common standard. We, as individuals and as editors, do not
regret the stand we_have publicly taken.

There is no disgrace in fighting for that which you believe is must be quite something. Also, this year is supposed
right; there is disgrace in being afraid to fight for fear of losing. Ther-c m (,6 (men more exciting gum in years go)”; by».
is no shame in losing a battle; the shame exists when one is blind, so seems like something new has been added (or sub-
he need not see; deaf, so he need not hear; dumb, so he need not
speak and uphold the truth as he sees" it. As your leaders, we (lid not
feel that we could ask for your respect unless we first commanded
our own self-respect  adhering to the prlnClplCS (if truth and justice it “’3 "L03! interesting here. For jug-fungal [his

 . that’s why we wanted a Student Union.
Unless each successive class of Seniors is willing
to pledge almost en masse, the Student Union may
turn out to be a dream due to lack of funds. There
is still time to sign your pledge—there Will be time
to do so until next Friday. Let’s place the mark
of ’46 upon the Student Union, and chase the blues

of State College with the royal blue of ’46! as we believe in them

Intellectual Indecision

Here is a list of questions upon which State’s in-
tellectuals may enjoy pondering.

1. Why do our venerable professors feel that
term papers, long and short, are the essence and
delight of a State College student‘s life?

2. a) Why did the Student body of 1917 petition
the administration for weekly assemblies, instead
of chapel?

new phase of State College life.

opportunity to be one of a unified

Association—the opportunity to guard the finest and Oldest State Col-

qnite an impressive week-end, and I know you'll
enjoy yourself. Of course, I‘ve never seen one ycl,
but the way the Upperclassmen talk about it, if

tracled) and there’s lots of excitement about if. I‘ll
explain when you get up here. (As soon as sonicbody
explains to mew)

This is a very nice college; I'm sure you‘ll li/rr

week we're having elections, and it’s the most pecu-

Now you have a new organization—one that you have set up liar fhing-woorybody goes around watching lliiuys
yourselves. Give it a new name untouched by the bitter controversies
of recent years. Let all of its procedures be in accordance With the gunmhing' (MOS, peculiar!)
peoples Wishes. We Wish it and you good luck as you start upon this

out of the corners of their eyes and talking in urhis—
pers. just like they didn‘t all know each olhcr, in‘

Oh, and another thing. ll’lonnnaA-lhc finic-lclliuy
system around here; I think I boiler explain 1'! lo

But n0w_t0 Myskania’ for its long life and success in Sung we you first so you don‘t got confused. thn the clock
Offer tribute. As editors of the NEWS, we thank it for so competently
organizmg the procedure and organigation of this paper in its earliest mm. 5 07.100,“ “,5. 3:3,, I.” H”, Po” m, “Hm”, In
years. As two members of Myskania, we thank Myskanui and all of 1'(.'m,cm,h(zr; who” u”,- (“look says [Hz/,5, it's just [who
State College for giving us some of the happiest moments in life-«tho Please memorize the schcdulc before you ('UHH‘ up.

in the Registrar’s office says .0 o‘clock, it's 8:30. iohcu
the clock in Room 28, second floor of Richm‘dsou.

group working for you, the Student or you're liable to gel miwcd up and miss your Iruiu
back. (On second fhouyhl. you‘d bo/(cr briuy lhr
little Buloua wilh Ihc radium hands it'll be cusir-r

blllVH‘y does the Student body,“- 1946 wt 45‘ lege tradition—and finally, the opportunity to fight for something in NW WW I I .,
56ml“ ("1" Show 2* meound md'fference to that which we believed with all our hearts, learning for the first time what am; my mun-d... m p.,,,,,,, "m, 15",“, (W, M”,

which occurs in assembly?

College a farce in subjectivity?

, . I . true courage means: the courage to face anger and name-calling for Plot; Scc you ll(.'.i'/ 'iocck.
3- Why 13 the Stlldy 0f emOUOmlllsm In State the cause of truth, and studying for the first time the position of one
who is with the few against the many for that same cause of truth.

Your looiuy (law/hirer.
Jr.:’r:b('[l('
P.S. Slop sending me your laundry; I dou'l how

4. Why have the three crises in Myskania’s ca- We say this in all sincerity. For bitterness and happiness must go ,,,,,,,. ,0 m, i, (“W mm.“

reer been parallel to the three main political or hand in hand for the final achievement of a full and rich life.
For all this, State College, we salute you. . . .

economic national crises?

Will the owner of the letter please claim sumo?

G. l. ROUND-UP

 

5. Why are there fewer candidates for Student
Association offices than in previous years? [Inna 0 7 .
6. Just What is the definition of “democracy”?
7. Why was the last student-faculty tea so poor-
ly attended when the students have been clamor-
ways seem to have an influential

mg for more student-faculty gatherings? backing which other books published
is. \V by do we so consrstently shout “democracy” at. the same time lack. Whether
and then consistently ignore the Constitution? this “10" has any bearing on Am"
9. Why is there such a complete lack of inter- "I Trmmnh‘ ls difﬁcult to deter.
_ . . . . . , mine, but within a very short time
est in elections this year? And in Movmg-li p Day? after publication it appeared on the
10. Have you signed your Student Union pledge best 8911‘" “9t 0' the New York
yet? Times, and for the last month llias
II. In! truly tolerant people talk about it? ﬁngllﬁ’geglé‘fe 'lﬁ“§h§“i,§§pgw‘3”§u'l.
Hlf2. “Ill the nature of Student Association be veys. Books are Populurlzfd by (“fi-
(1 crcnt next year bccuusc of t .- '  x mm“ meansv and one 0 these 3
first pospwm an“; I“ Minimum "f tht the author. Arch of Triumph was
I, WI , ‘  1 ‘ written by Erick Marla itemarque,
. . iy,'.is future teachers, are State (allege novelist who gave the literary world
students so ignorant of common courtesics? his be“ contribuuon in A" Q““" 0'"
 ~ e.-- W. .-Whm Ihc Western Front.
The Right Bank of Paris in 1938-
1939. during the months Just before
the outbreak of World War 2, is the
scene of this novel. Among the
refugees who lived in the shabby
Hotel International. not far from
the Arc de Triompho. is one of the
twol central figurels of lb?l batik.
Rov c. a surgeon. s an ex e w 0
MW 3' “"6 NO- 25 has graduated from the concentra-
‘ iiiuriimmr tion camp. It is through this main
H“. i II”. I I _ inliuuiiuu iiiuw' character's eyes, that Romurquti
consul"r:.:-l'lll:f,lllﬁ:.‘,,,“',m'fm',{f;:f” :11.‘_,,'\',"‘l,r‘,‘|'“', """i “but wants the render to see the picture
mur- ,\i'ur br ilio NEWS ltuui'il for Illll' Pli‘lll‘lliilli'  O! a dying Eumpc' oub of me not“
Iliughi'iuuu-z- lbirbrli-li, -.' minnow-u. spans; 12...... My”; ror of his experience. which is the
""""" "W'- cxporloncc. more or less. of one
hundred million Europeans alive to-
day. Ruvlc has escaped Willi little
but his professional skill and u lust
KDlTon-lN-cml' to revenue himself on the Gestapo
co-coiron-iN-cmn which killed everything within him
HUIINEII unusual» but the atomic (lobli'c to )oi‘rilh‘t lil
JOSEPMNE MAGmO CHICULATION MANAOIR living. l ‘
MARosRv caAMen mvennamo MANAGIN into his life drifts Joun Mudou, an
MARY SULLIVAN . . . . . . "on" mum, actress who very shortly becomealils
“WW” "WWW . unocmx wi'ron iiiisircss. iiavlc does not want love.
seamen M. sxoaauv unocmu xenon yet it is all that Joan can give him.
“ARV 7955'“ - - uuocmc mug. thus there grows between the No
a strange kind of passion. which
quite naturally develops dicastrously.
Throughout the novel. ﬂuvic is
‘t!( :9 ti ' - '-
:pllmtl'illll'i‘fHIflgg'gltrllh“[afﬁx]:lllwillt; lllfl.fll'ft.ltntiil iu iiw suitor iiiiu luniiliid (ldcaii‘:luffgfggnlwgmuggi'.
W, M 1,.” WWW“, W,“ "aHm“::_'f"‘fl‘” "rlj;'::"lf:‘.':":;'ljﬂ lions. and to mukli’iu routine exam-
i..,-r....i........ tun-......” U, .... ....mnu, .... ,.,,,,,,,,,,,,,,.,,,,,,,,, motions of the inmates of a brothel.
n win-r unvr-wwuiu .... n... firm-mun” no...” u, now .iouu proves faltlileus. and when she

Novels selected by book clubs al-

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May 1916
By the Clan ol1918

 

Vol. XXX

.\ll‘llllll‘l‘
nbnhiit'lllllfll l‘ullouliiit- l'l‘t'n.‘

 

The News Board
J.AN D. BERHRICH - s e o .
lLlZAaETH s. o-Ncu.
lEAHEL FEAR

#5231» 2

 

By MARGUERITE l). BOSTWICK

llowie liyllcll, ‘43, out of Uncle Sam’s Army a week
ago last Monday. and enjoying another look of. tin-
Alma Mater. Says he'll be one. of us again comc llf'xl
September . (icrhitrd Weinberg. ‘47. carrying it
kluild-covcrcd edition of "Robert's Rules" around :1!
Camp Polk. Louisiana . . . Ilul Asluvortli. '44, (‘Xllt‘f'l—
cd back to tho Slides «from the South Pacific) any
day uow. Will be :1 member of Student. Associiiliiiii
again next September . . . Music Braun. '45. Mid

Gestapotoruwer'wmch15th,? scene .‘iiiii Abrams. ’46. will be among those attending u
of a powerful climax. By killing. K13 reunion of. Stillf' on May 11 . ’l‘rccc Aney.
“ﬂake, and losing Jonn' Ravic ,.C_ plus o‘licr members of ‘44, plus much of '45, oxlwoml
gains the only freedom left to him, 1‘01' MOVlllll Up Day . . Bill Milllt'l'y. '47- liilmi'i‘d
the only thing we Gestapo “med through ii Fi'cucli rc-lcsl ilogcihci' Willi yours truly.
to take from ms, the freedom to who’s not so Frciichy either i and left for the Army
persist. almost without, emotions, Air Corps the next day. Address all cousoluilous in:
Arch. of Triumph. was translated PVL Wm- H. Milllf'l‘i’ 43234854
from German by Walter Sorell and Stillildl‘tlli SDI
Denver Lindley. The dialogue is so Flight. 4 Section Ki Bks 336
crisp it is hard to believe it is it 3702 AAF Busc Uuii.
translation. The rhythm of the Buckley ii‘icid
sentence is completely English. Denver. Colorado
However. this is not a novel for FC- fcxlcusivv uddrcss. isu'i. it'll
laxation. Many readers will be rc- ~—~——r~ ~- - .
polled by its low life. its realism.
and ts nnguagc. but it is not sen-
sational. its tone is human and at Couege Calendar ' ' ' '
times philosophical. Seldom in fic- FRIDAY. MAY 8—
tion would one be likely to come 11:00AM. Assembly. Voting and (Iisl’ilssion oi' liiiilui-l
upon so many descriptions of surgi- 12:00-4200 PM. Abscuii-i- voting.
on] operations. F‘cwcr samples of iizfiii-lizlifii’M. Couuuous upon for dmu'iuu. (iliuiiu
his skill would certainly have suf- mun. William Mui'sluud '47 “mi rum-i
flood. lbut pno cannot overlook the gupwm,‘ aw. ‘ "
act tint troy Wore sensitively and ugmplm, q .... . . ,. l .
B‘l'llpmcf‘h-V descrlbcd- “5 W01"! Rf" (fillslhlililcbi‘u'Lillie!{liliiuiiliiithi-lll till/llllilllhullli
Kmart“ “mum‘w‘h' Dull/19mm" pioii~iil.iiiisi uiid Mui‘vlu Helmuriu-bui'h
It is it book of serious intention. 9:00,, M [\(IlsLHMbH
and not uninteresting us it story. ' ' W,,,,,,I(.(,lm. - H  , ,,
but contrary to the majority of Mlhw A1 l;’_‘”“_ “""" "5 ("“"" MWH“ “'
ommcn I doum n Wm Do u may”), UATNHMY MAY : ipuiluioui \vlll llt‘ on display
monument of our Limos. ltciiuii'- 'TwDM I'M ‘ , ,
quc's novel has something to any " ' ' ,,‘ m" Wm' ("’UW“ “‘ N"“’ “W'l‘f‘ll” "'1
about me homeless and exiled of licsolvcd: ’l‘liul Pulcsliiu- should lll' u
Europa which W“ mm, m Anwrk,“ Nulluiiul .lf‘erill Hiulc." lli-lly llosc Hill
are only too willing to forget. n, llliil l’llll'lf'lll Hiu-obuu. .llliillii‘ii. \\'lll (Ir--
depicts u world. which to us, sccms , , “'“d 'l‘“ ““lillilV‘V
alien in its wretcbcdiioss. but which “FWD/“1 “My ll
1,, probably mom 1”“, (mm Um“ w“ i.l:(l(lNouu Blilil‘ﬁ-Ml'll'ﬁ iiim-lliiu for I'li'l'llilll ul ol
cure to know. a world Wti can liurd— “‘“"'~‘i “l “WI” 1"“. “I'HIH‘I'
ly understand, but. which it is iicvur- W“”"‘"‘V"“t\\'- MM’ 3
tliclcss our duty to iiiidurstuiid. “WW M- (“llll‘llt‘ l’luyliouso mwliuu for cli‘i'lliui oi
Much of Arch of ’I'I'luniph is i'c- officers in Room iilivl. lll'illlt'l‘
voltliig, but ii. is u taunt and pchr- ANNillle'VMICN'I‘
fiil naval. (mo which the render ciiii— Mri». llvi'llm lil. iiriuuucr. Secretary of Alumni Assw
not easily put aside and say "Hi t‘lnllo'i. bus uuuouuml lliul upplimuiuuu for room.
think about it liltUl'." itomurquc durum llu~ hilliiiiicl' m-suou are now in iiu- Aluuuii (ll-I
makes one Willll. to finish the book. live. riludruls planning to llllt‘llfl Ni“ it works cuuvw
then think over what he has read. must rciuru ilu' bluuks by l"l‘l(lii,\'. Muy l"! V I

" hallowed 

dies after an accident. Ravlc finds
courage to face the concentration
camp. That is his end because
throughout the book Ravio plans
and carries out the killing of his

ii|ll'll.‘i iu iioom Llil’l, lii'upi'i‘

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

=—=Rl

No? b

M..-”..w.......

 g i y'forhriircou‘" ' Harms/ironies

 I,  1"”

 

   

 

 

Baby Strength Of Two Years
Symbolic 0f Successful Life

Friday, April 13, 19l7—li'onically, it was on Friday, the 13th,
that Myskania first entered State College. Known as Student. Coun-
cil, it was originated by a Faculty Committee under President Bru-
bachei' and Dr. Hastings. It was composed of eleven Seniors chosen
for scholarship and leadership. A week later this organization an-
nounced t0 the student body that henceforth it would be known as

Myskania, the meaning of which
were not members of the Council.

was to remain a secret to all who
At the same time it was decided

that five members would be chosen by the faculty, and the rest by

Myskania.
Purpose of Myskania

The purpose of Myskania was to
unify the student body, to motivate
extra-curricular activities, to act as
the student government, to upholci
college traditions, and to act as a
mediary betWeen the faculty and
the students.

About three weeks later, during
the hour long assembly program
which was knOWn as Moving-Up
Day, the Junior Class marched
across the platform. From their
ranks ten members of a new Mys-
kania were chosen—the 1917-1918
Myskania — the first Myskania to
serve a full year in ofﬁce.

Begin Student Gov’t.

Their first accomplishment was
to write a constitution for the stu-
dent body, and to lead the Weekly
assemblies. Weekly assemblies,
themselves. were an innovation—
formerly there had been merely
chapel meetings. Thus Myskania
led the way to Student Government
at State.

Organized Rivalry

011 February 8, 1918, because
Myskunia realized that State badly
needed a unified college spirit, it
inaugurated organized rivalry. A
great part of rivalry as we know it
now was started then.

Mysltania Organizes
State College News

A month later, Myskanla realized
that the STATE Coma-mu News, still
in its infancy, required a helping
hand in setting up it pei'iiiunent or-
ganization. Consequently, in May
of that year, it set up the News
Board. Almost thirty years have
passed, and yet the NEW still oper—
ates under this original plan with
very few changes. In October of
the same year. it presented to the
S'rivru Ci)i.l.lv}iiil vas it News Consti-
tution and it method of promotion,
both of which were so dciiiooratic
illl(l cfl'iciciii, that we have retained
them ulmost in their entirety.
inaugurated ’l‘itpping

it was on May 24, 1918, that Mys-
kuiiiu iiuuiguruicd Lapping —-— tliut
tripping was the direct. predecessor
of Myskmilu‘s lust tuppiiig on May
12, 19‘”). The slow walk down the
aisle. the piiiisc iii. some row, cull-
ing out the full name of flu: person
clioscii. pinning tho pui'plc—uiid-gold
ribbons upon the new members, trial
the rciui‘u of" lli(' lll'w with tho old
to the stiigcwull Llicsc begun in
lillif. thus beginning Lill‘ longest.
uiid perhaps the finest tradition lll
Slutc lollcgc.

Moving-Up Day

This first irudiiiouul iuppiug wus
jith our! purl oi' tlli‘ i'lrsi. l'iill-lciigili
Moving-Up l)iiy. Al iliut llllll‘
Stutc bud no spcciul festival duy.
Myskuiiiu, l't'clliig lliill b‘lli'll u duy
would silmuulio unify lll llii' stu-
(lciii body illltl would focus the eyes
of the Albany public on Slulc (lol-
li-g‘c, guincd permission from the
udiiiliilsli'uiion lo ('losi‘ college
classes for it full (lay and to ur-
i'iliigo u siuilciii program. 'i‘liui duy
was Moving-Up liuy. iillilllii‘l' our,
of Htiilr's ii'udliluns.

D at A Enters State
ln Spring Of 1919

The your. lillil. (l|li'llt‘tl with u
loiig-oclioiiiu shock \vlicii Myskiiiilu
suggested to u stui‘llcii Student As-
sociation tillllr ll origiiuilc u drum-
uiics club. Investigation i‘ollchd
lilo studciil uppluusc. and in Mill‘flll
of that your, Druiiiutlcs and Arts
Council was liiirtuliutcd into the us—
sciiibly, sponsored and approved by

Because We feel that the form-
tive period of the life of State Col-
lege and Myskania's influence dur-
ing this period should he recorded
for posterity, we here print the 30-
year history of Myskimfa. This pe-
riod was State’s formative period as
is illustrated by the fact that it was
during this time that most of our
major organizations were inaugur-
ated, along with most of our college
traditions.

Now that Myskania has written
“30” to its career, it is fitting that
some recognition be awarded its
achievements in the most perman-
ent student files of State College—
tlie STATE COLLEGE NEWS.

Last Three Of Long Line Starts
"Big Ten", ' Preferential, Bulletin

This story is the story of the last three Myskanias~l944, 1945,
and 1946. it begins With the Myskania of l944—the Myskania that

was eccentric, that made State smile, and that left a path of glory be?

hind it when it graduated. That was the year of President Pat,
dynamic, dramatic Aney and tongue-lashing Kiley. In typical ’44
style, Myskania that year began its career with the introduction of
preferential voting into State College, thus eliminating the numerous
and boring revotes. One ballot meant college-wide interest caught
at its peak—«one ballot meant efficiency—one ballot meant democracy.

’44 Myskania was started.

 

TIRED

  
 

TRADITION

licl‘l to right: Ellztlbi‘lll .lmic Humilion. Hui‘i'ici. Muc Bi'liikiiinn, Hi-lcn Sliick Shiite. Elizabeth Snbm
()‘Noll. Joan Lioiilst‘ irii'i‘in. Shirley Slong Pussow. Robert Francis Sullivan. Joan Dolores Berbrich. Top
to bottom: fillizubcib .luuu McGi'uth. Mm'y Lydiu Seymour. Muric Catherine Llcbl. Mary Louise Casey.

Myskania --- - I919 -- 1943

(This Iisl is ini'ouipli‘li' dur' Io Iuclrof ri'cordsl

unit——

1. liccuiuuiciidcd i-lcciiou of 11
Slide (‘ullcuc Song Louder. Iii-cum-
mciuluiiou ucrcpicd uiul i'ui'i‘icd
through.

3. (ioi libi'iii'y upon i‘\’(‘lllllfJ,-\.

:i lili'fll'piil'illf‘tl St‘llltli' Moving-
Up l)u,\‘ some. us pci‘iiuiiicul purl oi
Moving-Up lluy.

Iiltlil—

l.liu'oi'1uirulmi sysiciu oi (.Yluss
iiil'ircrs. l’i'rs‘idl‘iil. Vlt'i‘~-l’l'i'hl(l(‘lll.
Hccrciui‘y. ’l‘i‘ousui'cr. ill-porter.

'2 Hliil‘li‘tl ll‘iitlllliili uboui lt‘i'osli
llhlli)’. I'i'lll' mid siilc doors only.

:i lii'mill (‘umpus Iiuy l'l\'illl‘)

lii‘llm

1 Provided ioi' Hi-ci'i-iui'y oi Stu»
ili'iii .'\.‘x.~i)i‘illll(lll Io lti'i'p pt‘i‘iiiuiu‘iil
l'l‘l‘lll'lllr ol imiiuics Appointed llli‘
lli"»l our. and i‘ci-ouuuciuli-il l'lt‘i"
lion of ulll‘f'l'i‘tlilll‘. si'i'i'i-lui'im.

'J l)l‘l‘\\ up Hindi-iii Assoriulioii
('.lllf\lllllll()ll.

'i iii-nun liumwr I‘l\iili'\

1 Provided llll' (ii'uiul Mill'bllill

lir."£~~<

l Hliiiului'dim-il Hluli' (‘ollctu
l‘lllilix with impruvul of Hiudcui Au“
‘ifil'lill'itlli.

:3. licuuii (lumpus lluy ll‘ilillllflll of

Myﬂkmllll- 'l‘llii “Nille WM flawed, pi'ui'csslmi, uiiil lllh‘llllllf'tl irudiliuu

"'outluucd on I’ugr .‘l. (loluuiu 5!

of Campus liuy cup.

151313—-

1. Slum-d tradition of Juniors
\vruriiu; urm buiids ou Moving-Up
l)u,\'.

“J. Hiiil'll‘il irudiiiuii lliul no fresh-
lllllll could \vrui' high school insig-
iiiu.
urti—

l. llcguii Ii'udliioii of Sciuors
.\i‘ill'liii: cum uiul gowns on Moving-
Up i)u,\.

“.5 lllhlllllli‘tl poiui sysb-m isliiil-
l.i:‘ {o l\l:l.l(l|"i\’llllill' ()fl'ii'c l'liiiil.
(l.l\i' chum! oi u in Hliilli'lii (loun-

‘l (ll'ildlllm'il lloi'uiiioi'y llrivc lo
vuiupuluii for rosillciu'c bulls.

if He! up program Mr uiii'i'iiouii
.iuil I‘\'(‘lll|li'. ol Moviuu-Up lluy.

w i-‘oriucil (‘illliliilu (‘oum'll io
Iukc l‘ill'l‘ oi (‘uiupus l)u,\ siiu'o duly
\\un unsigned ii) HI) (1111‘

lil’!li—-

l Uranium-d (‘umpus (iuuimissloii

l'lllllill‘ll' \\‘ii|i I'rpuluiioiir. uud sill)-

 

Supplement
Editors

Beibrich
O’Neil

 

divisions sucb us Lost and Found.
2.01'gun.'/.mi Debate Council.

um—

1. Appointed Marshals for assem-
bly.

‘3. Established rules concerning re-
ioliug under old voting system as
licrciufurc time had been no defin-
lic precedent concerning the type
ut‘ circumstances requiring u re-
vole.

lilillm

l ()l‘,',illll'/.i‘(i Acilvilics Day.

'3. Recommended rule to establish
quorum for Class mcciuigs.

Hill?!—

1. iiulmi payment of tux uud duos
urccssui‘y qualifications for voting.

'3. Provided for Audit-lug of Treas-
iIi't'i"s books.

“Hill-—

1, (irguuiacd u college-wide Red
(from BMW.
iii-fl—

l. l‘lh'lllilllh’llt‘tl discussion groups
boiwcoii Students and faculty for
llil' purpose of settling student prob—
lcms.
lulu-—

1. Sponsored victory drives for
Ilu~ war—effort.

Starts “Big 10”

Its next step was to begin the
ambulance drive, more commonly
known as the first “Big Ten." This
was State's foremost piece of par-
ticipation in World War II and has
become a substantial source of in-
come for the prospective Student
Union.

Not forgetting its duty of acting
as a medlary for student-faculty re-
lations, Myskanla instituted the
mlmeographed faculty social calen-
dar listing each month’s school
functions. . . a still young, but
very worthwhile tradition.

“Just Little Things"

In the next few months, the '44
Myskanla provided for the rejuven-
ation of the PO. and the Commons.
brought the coke machine back to
State, and started the Senior Ban-
ner tradition. It also inaugurated
the Servicemen’s directory, and held
a College Day at the Blood Bank.
Then '44 tapped '45, and gullible
Garfaii and Klppy of the kinetic
energy with their ten equally ener-
getic colleagues. tripped across the
stage for the first of many times!
It was '45 that set up a V-E Day
Service that State College was
proud to take part in. It was ’45,
too, that made student-faculty teas
the popular afternoon past-time of
State . . . another step forward in
faculty-student relations.

State Xmas Party

The daily News Bulletin was a '45
brainstorm—to keep State College
posted on national and interna-
tional events. And the Christmas
party for the Albany Home grabbed
State’s heart and contributed to
the holiday spirit.

'46 Mysltenia Stars

In Football, Revision

On May 11, 1945, the 1946 Mys-
kanla was tapped—the last tradi-
tional Myskanla. It is an odd Mys-
kmiia—a mixed up conglomeration
of personalities and principles—yet
in all that it did for Student Asso-
ciation. it acted as a united group.

It provided for the revision of
banner rivalry rules. It plunged
weary Senior bodies into a close
football game with the exuberant
Frosh . . . and just to earn money
for n student-faculty tea.

Heavy Bull Sessions

There wasn't time for very much
invention—«elections to fill vacancies
popped up almost every week—dis-
“llﬁilolls of a new plan for Mys-
kanin selection took long hours
from an already full schedule-—

in December. the '46 Mysknnla
carried on a new tradition by super-
vising a Christmas party for the
children at the Albany Home. As
second semester approached and
with it about 150 new State citizens,
Mysknnin set-up the program for a
second semester Activities Day. and
then turned it over to Student
Council. It was this group that. was
behind the College-Wide Dance.
That's That . . .

Well. the year’s over—Myskunla‘s
work is done—that of creating a
student government and extra-cur~
riculur activities. It's rather a
shock to find that your work is
finished. but it. is not strange that
u should be finished. Thirty years
is a long time. The line is brok-
cn. . . .

(Ciniiinucd from Page s, Column 1)

I) & A Enter State In Spring of 1919
and D&A became an integral part
of State College life.

And so it. was that on Moving-
Pp Day. May 16, low. another Mysv
kania was tapped — the fourth Myo-
kania-—and the firs ttwo years of
Myuhnu'u existence in lists €03!
lose drew to a clan . ..

 
      
          
             

        
      
        

 

g
a

ti

 

  
    
   
      
          
           
       
    
      

