 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

.v.

PAGE. 2

No Closed Shop In SCT

This is a frank appeal to the administration, the
faculty, and the student body to cooperate in
finding some way to keep the college library open
at night. This is not an unusual feature in most
colleges, and the survey printed on page one of
this issue reveals that a representative cross-section
of State’s student body in definitely interested in,
and willing to support such a project.

There is a strong need for this extra opportunity
for library work. English, language, and Social
Studies’ courses are demanding a constantly in-
creasing amount of required outside reading; pro-
fessors seem to favor, more than ever before, the
assignment of research papers and reference book
criticisms; the larger number of graduate students
also indicates a necessity for increased library re-
search work.

I j the need exists, and it evidently does at State,
then some solution should be found. A valid 0b-
jection may be that the college can not afford to
pay librarians for this extra time. Would it not
be possible for graduate and library school students
to take turns supervising the library? Perhaps some
system of awarding college credit to library school
students for work of this type could be set up.

State is headed once more for a steadily ascend-
ing scholastic average. What better method could
be found.than to open the library for night study,
thus providing the materials, a quiet room condu-
cive to concentration, and an inducement for pro-
longed and intensive research. The obvious results
would l)(’ the increased interest and knowledge of
the individual stz/dcnls, and the attainment of
higher scholastic standards for State College.

To The Ping-Pb—rig Fiendsu

We dedicate this mental struggle of wits to the
bridge fiends, ping-pong fans, gossip lovers, and
loyal adherents of dancing in State College. For
those who follow any one of these happy pursuits,
and/ or for those who merely use the Commons as
a place to work or to drink coke, we suggest the
following changes. (Cam/ms Commission, please
notice!)

First, is it absolutely essential that the ping-
pong table dwell gracefully in the middle of the
Commons’ floor? Five minutes time and a few
strong males plus the authority of Campus Corn-
rnission could move the ping-pong table upstairs
to the balcony, thus releasing approximately 15
square feet of the Commons proper for dancing.

Second, Campus Commission has been doing a
good job of keeping the Commons clean. But
cleanliness is a full-time virtue, and can only be
fully enforced with the cooperation of the entire
student body. Ash trays are provided for the use
of cigarette butts; the various organizations wel-
come you to their 4x5 offices, but will do it re-
luctantly if you show a tendency to beslrcw their
desks with coke bottles and books.

At the beginning of the year Campus Commis-
sion placed at the disposal of the student body
several decks of cards—«luring the year, these cards
have disappeared. Absent-mindcdncss may be a
characteristic trait of professors, but . . .

And last, but not least, there are plenty of new
dance records in the Commons—Jor dancing! How
about (lcscrting the balcony and gossip-groups for
a little active exercise?

(Ed. note: The last slalenu'nl is (lirrrlrd at the
numerous shy mm of Sta/cl)

 

lgnored Or Forgotten?

Last week in the NEWS we published an appeal
from the French students of Montpcllicr for coffee,
chocolate, and other foodstuffs. The appeal was
directed to the students of this college. it is prob-
able that thc students of less-fortunate France ex-
pected a sincere and enthusiastic reply from the
students of America.

To achieve successful results for an appeal of
this type, an organized campaign with definite col-
lection points and well-placed publicity is essential.
Although there are at least sixteen organizations in
the college, not one has expressed its willingness
to sponsor such a campaign.

There has been a great deal of discussion ex-
pended this year on the idea of coordinating the
activities of the various religious clubs on campus.
Here is an active and worthwhile project for all the
religious clubs, working together, to sponsor. It
does not deal with religion, but it would certainly
be a step forward toward a greater and more selfless
humanity.

   

STATE, COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH 15. 1946

College Calendar - - _-

Friday, March 15— ' .
All day——Used Book Sale on balcony of Commons. Sponsored by Used
Book Exchange.

11:00 P. M.—Rlvalry Debate. Assembly. Topic: “Should married Vet-
erans at State wear wedding rings?” Sophomores to have
negative side and freshmen to support the affirmative.

A11 day—NEWS to sponsor student ballot in Lounge on Art, Exhibit.
8:00 P. M.—-Hlllel Purim Service at Congregation Ohav Sholom, 441
Madison Avenue.

8:30 P. M.—~Operetta. Norwegian Nights will be presented In Page
Hall Auditorium. Admission is by Student Tax.

Saturday, March 10—
Afternoon—Swlmmlng match at Vassar.
Afternoon—«Basketball playday at. Skldmore. Russell Sage, Skidmore
and State will take part.

8:00 P. M.—Varslty basketball team will play Hartwick College in
Oneonta.

8:00 P. M.——Second performance of Operetta, Norwegian Nights in
Page Auditorium.

8:15 P. M.—IVCF area meeting at Hotel Wellington. Speaker: Lorenz
Emery, Graduate of Princeton Theological Seminary.

9:00 P.M.—Pierce Hall Formal. Ingle Room.
Sunday, March 17—

2200 P. M.—-Hillel “Purim Party" in vestry of Congregation Ohav
Sholom.

3:00 P. M.-Lcnten service at Phi Delta Sorority. Speaker: Reverend
Brandt of Delmar, Advisor‘ to SCA.

5:00 P.M.—Newman Holy Hour. Small Grotto.
Monday, March 18—

3230 P. M.-—Collegc Playhouse to hold tryouts.
Wednesday, March 20—

8:00 P. M.—Varsily basketball game with Hartwick College. Gym.
Thuesday. March 21——

3130 P.M.——Debnte Council tryouts 1n the Lounge.

8:00 P. M.——SCA General Meeting in Inule Room at Pierce Hall. Re-
ligious drama directed by Jean Alvcr'son. ’47, to constitute
program.

Daily 12:10-12:30—
Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship Prayer Meeting.

Gadgwlﬂbaaapa

By CULLINAN & IIILT

 

 

Let’s Wake Up ‘ sive citizen tomorrow . . .

Friday 10:45, a list. of names post- “The minority who scoff at such
ted on the Dean's bulletin board. meetings are amazed and oft-times
a. group of students studying the resentful when certain motions are
tabulations —- assembly cuts have passed without their knowing. Were
thus been exposedl One strident they present, their attitudes and
looks, laughs and leaves for lunch; quite often valuable opinions would
another sizzles, snaps, and sllnks be aired and perhaps could Sm. the
away: while a third gasps, groans majority. Without voice, however,
and gushes, “What luck! Haven’t these groups will remain resentful
been yet. and they've only got me and helpless. Their complaints will
down for two outs." carry no weight since their inter-

This is the picture of the as- “St 1“ to? “111.10 to draw them to
scmbly spirit in State College at a meetings‘

time when one of the most import-
ant. aspects of strident government
is being changed and modified. With
such obvious lack of interest it
would not be infeasible that we may
lose this very organ of self—govern-
ment. which has been so important.
to us in the past few years.

Maybe you think assemblies un-
important. Maybe they take up too
much time, consume too much en-
ergy. or seem "too awfully" juven—
llc. The following cxerpts from a
Bard College paper are directed to-
ward those who harbor this lackl-
daslcul feeling. Read it). We hope
it may start you thlnktng~lf it
doesn’t m better you should spend
ten years in Russia.

"How long could our national
government function lf members of
the Senate and House attended only
if “interesting” questions were to
be brought up?

“There is a group on this campus
laboring under the belief that the
only attraction to convocation is an-
tlclpntlon of a discussion of a par-
ticularly vltnl problem .

“In order to counteract such a
ridiculous oplnlon, it should be un-
derstood that not just. a few are
affected by affairs on campus, but
rather. the entlro community is con-
cerned . Convocation meetings
are not held merely to spend an
hour or more time. Because we func-
tion under a commrmltyurun gov-
ernment. anything of the most min—
utc tinportancc is presented to the
group in order that; the group itself
may control lts way of living. The
powers vested In on are certain to
be taken away if we do not show
a vital interest In them. The pas-
sive student today becomes the pos-

Wc’ll Get There Yet

With veterans returning in droves
to various colleges, enrollments are
taking an all time boom. These
higher institutions of learning are
vying for the honor and prestige of
harboring the greatest number of
these returning heroes. Minnesota
University now leads the list ler
5500 Vols but Stutc College is close
on its tall with 80 odd veterans and
more returning every day.

'l‘sk, 'l‘sk

Our good friends in Cortland
State Teachers College are still
sending out questlomullrcs w this
time to the students. The idea was
to find out. how the students them-
selves uphold n college code of eth-
ics. Each strident. was to list the
“three sins which he considered
most frequently practiced on the,
college campus."

High items on the black list ln~
cludcd: poor professional attitudes.
luck of school splrlt, copying, poor
grooming. alcoholic lntemperance.
stealing, lmpollteness, and failure
to assume responsibility. The sln
most often committed and hotlv
contested was that of cheating lh
exams. This seems to be a problem
ln every college but. the students of
Williams College have found the un-
swor. They are rclnstutlng the hon~
or system which was discontinued
during the war. A student commit-
tee of ten undergraduates is re-
sponslble for the success or failure
of the program, as the body has
the power to lmpose serrations for
any violations of rules. Examina-
tions have no proctors, freedom is
at a maximum, and the student's
signature is the only guarantee of
honesty.

“also... dhtﬁknkmwvtor. 7. ..,.._  V_ 

 

By MINDY WARSHAW

WINSTON CHURCHILL SLEPT HERE

Winston Churchill, Britain’s wartime prime minis-
ter and peacetime speechmaker, spent last Tuesday
night at Governor Dewey's mansion here in Albany.
On the day Mr. Churchill arrived, one of the local
newspapers printed an article on how Mr. Churchill
had “long been wary of the Reds" and his support,
even as far back as 1943, of closer Anglo~American
action. Churchill, in his 1943 Washington visit said
the United States and Britain, working together after
the war “may really start the countries of the world
on the road toward living together in peace and
security." He advocated a. strong post-war “fraternal
alliance" between the two English-speaking nations,
and a. strong Anglo-American “solidarity.” Mr.
Churchill scms to be on the wrong track as to the
means of attaining the “peace and security" he talks
so much about (if one can use his last week’s Fulton,
Missouri speech as an indication of his intentions.)
Britain‘s imperialislic policy of the past never seemed
to benefit any country other than just Britain. Brit-
ain and America. working together (Ilouc (this is
what Mr. Churchill's suggestions really amount to)
would just. constitute a British—Amcrican imperialis-
lic policy and or old benefit only Britain and Ameri-
(-n. This would hardly be a basis for world pence.
Note to Mr. Churchill: There are more than two
countries in the world. Two nations do not “ally
fraternally” just. because they speak the same lun-
g'nag‘c. In this day and ag'c, there are ways of under-
standing cvcr'y language that is spoken in the world

if we are really interested in understnding each
other, that is. In reality, all peoples “speak the some
language" in their desire for peace. “’0, need world
closeness if we want. irorld pear-c, so in future
speeches. if you are really concerned with world
peace and security as you say you are, why not sug-
gest utorld solidarity? Or did you have something
else in mind? V
SOMETHING ELSE TO WORRY ABOUT

The New York Daily Ncu's seems disturbed be-
cause Gloria Vanderbilt Stokowski, 22-year-old—bride
of the white-haired orchestra conductor, has cut
off her mother from a $21,000 voluntary yearly al-
lowance, And there are rumors going around that
Mother Vanderbilt had to hock some jowolry to
stay financially secure. (01:, Gloria, how could you
be so mean to Mother who worked so hard all those
years to give you a good education?)
ENCOURAGEMENT FOR STATE COLLEGE MEN

Men. do you long to be more attractive? Do wom-
cn shy away from you because of disfiguring whis-
kers, tiny wrinkles or blemishes? Danish your wor-
ricswyou too can be beautiful! Per'c \Vcstmorc, Hol-
lywood makeup expert, predicts a literal masculine
face—lifting in the not-loo-far—distnnt future. If wom-
cn can Ilse makeup to appear more alluring to the
opposite sex, points out Mr. VVestmore, why should-
n't the opposite sex reciprocate and become allur-
ing to the women? The trend is inevitable, feels the
cosmeticianwthcy did it in the court of Louis XIV
and they can do it again. (Can't you see the absent-
minded prof of the future coming into class with his
lipstick snu-nrcd'.’ ()I' the basketball bcro missing a
shot because his mascara got into his eyes and
blinded him?) Vonilp, Ihn urlmr‘ is [woman some-
limos.

HISTORY .

Sccn on illc Mt'Xlr-o lMissouri) l'il‘l'lllllr/ L"(l(lll"\'
cdrtorlnl page, l'llllllt'ti lhc (L‘omplc/r Ills-Torn of illuu‘
A blank piigc with the following Words.“ llll'i'llll‘d:
"Arlllnrr: to Atom." (Well, that sums it up pretty
\vc '

STATE COLLEGE NEW/CST

Established May 1916
By the Class of 1918

 

Vol. XXX March 1:"), 1010 No 1‘)
Member I I

. . l. ‘ I
:Ismwlnlml IoIIr-glaio l'ri-ns l‘olll-Til'rilil~l”|‘ii'vMI
l'lw unilvrgrnilu'rlv III'WNII‘IDI‘I' of ' n' V h i

‘ ‘ H . . . 1111' New I l" ‘ -
quuw- lol' lr-m-lu-rs: published I'Wl‘l' l“l'lllll\' of" Illii-hilililf-l
[risin- .\|I"|lll' b) :m-‘ Nl'.“ H iioni'Il for the Student \ssm'I'I
nu IIIIII-s. li-i' Irh'lI, '_' I‘I'Jtl;tl‘ ‘-' ,‘¢" v .' .. .H ’-
‘ll-HHHI'“ I: “57”, l ,\I II. l..l.I.i-\, 11.11. N lllll,’

 

The News Board
JOAN D. BERBRTCH - - u ..
ELIZABETH s. O'NEIL .
lSABEL FEAR

EDITOR-lN-CHIIF
CO-EDITOﬂ-IN-CHIEF
BUSINESS MANAGER
JOSEPHINE MAGGIO CIRCULATION MANAGER
MARGERY CRAMER - ADVERTISING MANAGER
MARY SULLIVAN . . . . . sponrs EDITOR
KATHRVN HAGERTY - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
BERNARD M. SKOLSKY Aasocrne EDITOR
MARY TEBSIER . - . ~ - AsaocIATE EDITOR

 

«raw

 

All communications should be address

sod lo the cdlior and
qual be signed Vuruoe will be wllbl
' I I . . fold uion roruesi.
I‘bo Sl‘A’l‘lil COLLEGE NEWS assumes no I'llspouslilllli'
for opinions expressed In Its columns or communications
as ulll'll expressions do nor necessarily reflecl lIs new.

 

  

 

STAT;

COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY.

MARCH 15. W46

  

no: a

 

Slate's Young Hearts To Thump

Al Pierce Hall's

"It's Spring again,

And birds on the wing again
Start to sing again

An old melody."

Trending close on the heels of
the first spring day, the dorm
formal will appear for the first
time since the war with the Jon-
quil Jump at Pierce Hall on March
23. While the traditional lion goes
out like a lamb, another tradition
will crop up with the flowers. For-
get-me-not blue. the gleam of glos-
sy green leaves. daffodil gold and
the velvety red of American Beau-
ties will inlcl'mingle from 0:00 P.M.
to 1:00 AM, making a spring gar-
den in the Ingle room.

Sweet swing and hot jive will be
furnished by Armand Riccio and
his orchestra and vocalist. Maybe
a "journal jump" will be dreamed
up by a couple of enterprising hep
cats with an eye for a tricky jitter—
qu-j routine. Anyone who wants to
make- like a flower in the breeze
may sway and swoon when it's time
for rbe soft, sweet. variety.

A traditional dance m and tradi-
tional colors will predominate with
llll‘l‘l :mzl ycllow sll'cnmm's jump-
inr with the jonquils, Partners will
crmul ") shin in the any programs.
show-'1 liki- milliulllr'c jonquils. and
mm: ilu- urccn walls of the Triple
Boom will conspire to carry out the
color scheme.

During intermission. about 11:00
PM” the jonquil jn'u-r- will be flow-
ing: .1\ ibc couples wander out for
11.: pull-1' Ihal. refreshes. Then its

Sopb. Big Eight
To Characterize
Plantation Life

The Sophomore Big 8 will be pre—
sented Saturday, March 30, at 8 P.
M. in the Page Hall auditorium.
The production, “Leave Her To
Grant," is being written and di-
rcctcd by Virginia DeGreg’orio and
Arline Ribcr, and is based on South-
ern plantation life.

Announce Cast

The leads will be played by Doro-
thy Skelton and Francis Mullin.
Edith Dell will take the part of the
hcrolnc's sister. and playing oppo-
site her is Dale Sullivan. Curt
Pfaff will be the girl’s father, Muriel
Griffin a colored Mammie, and Wil-
liam Baldwin, the foreman.

In the first of the two scenes,
preparations are being made for the
Mardi Gras next day, and the sec—
ond scene is the Mardi Gras itself.
A ballet will be performed by Isabel
Cooper, Mary Cooper. Alice Fisher,
Mary Frisk, Juno McCormick. Ber—
nice Shapiro and Catherine ’f‘ronsol‘.
Soloists

Slllwll'l l'llldl'l'lll w.ll do a soft shoe
(lulu-c and soloists will include Mary
Jane (Luvonormo. Florence Mace.
Justine Malqu-y, and Florence Wot-
_i:-.l. lJol‘inc Holland, Alice Williams,
and Eloier Worth will sing together,
and a chorus will trike an active
part in the pr-r'fru'muncc. ’l‘bc Inu—
scal program has been arranged
entirely by Donald White, who will
be the accompanist.

(JouuuLLicc chnirmr'n arc: Sets,
Dorothy Diffin; Lights. William
llnldwiu; Costumes, B. J. Schoon-
iuakcr; Props, Paula 'l‘ichy; Make-
Up. (llorln Jnfl‘cr; and Publicity,
Moran Krngh.

Music Council Operetta
Opens Tonight in Page

:Coulinncd from prior: 1, Col. 5)

she ('oillllllu's as his inspiration
through lll'e.

lnnuulttees

(,‘onunltlccs for the operettu in-
clude the following: sets, Mary Hur-
vcy, Mary Ellen Dlencr. Lois Fill-
qun, and Harold Weber. Juniors,
William Baldwin and Dorothy Dif—
fln, Sophomores. and Beverly Sittlg
and Cuthcriiw Donnelly. freshmen;
lights, Frances Child, Rita Cole-
man. and Barbara Dnnkcr, Sopho-
mores; make-up, Gloria Jnl‘fcr and
llurburu J. Schoorunakcr, Sopho—
mores; properties, Alice Prlndel.
Wilma Dlohl, Hilda Flcdler, and
Ellen li‘uy. Sophomores.

State students will be admitted
on the presentation of a Student
'I‘ux Ticket. The price of admission
for other students will be 40 cents,
and for adults, '15 cents.

Jonquil Jump

back to the jump for an hour or so.

At one o’clock at the dorm door,
Jaquelln will sigh bllssfully, “Oh,
Johnny. that was a wonderful jump.
It‘s so nice to have a dorm formal
again after all these years.” And
Johnny, thinking contentedly of the
$1.50 per couple charge, will breathe
"Yeah, I hope there’ll be another
one soon."

The ehapcroncs for the Jonquil
Jump will be Mrs. M. D. Herdrnan,
Social Director of Pierce Hall, Dr.
Edward Cooper, Assistant Professor
in Commerce, and Mrs. Cooper, Dr.
J. All-.m Hicks. Professor of Guid—
nncc, and Mrs. Hicks. Dr. Harvey
li'icc. Professor of Social Studies,
and Mrs. Rice.

Dolores Tcnmcrson and Alice
Knapp. Seniors, are co-chairman of
the affair.

Davis Schedules
Debate Programs

M'zrl‘irlllhc Davis. '40. President of
I)r-bnlc Council, has announced
Illill n tlt‘bflll‘. with Mlddl-vbury Col-
lege has bccn scheduled for March
:3. nl Middlr-bury. A Inceting has
also been planned with the team of
in. ltosc College l'or April 11 in the.
Lounge at 7:30 P. M.

List Topics

The State team will take the
ircgzltnc on the topic, “Resolved:
that tllc project. for the St. Law-
rcncc \Vuti‘l'wny be developed." The
subject for the St. Rose debate and
1111‘ members of the learn who will
or) to Middlebury will be announced
at a later date.

On Thursday. tryouts will be held
in room 109, Draper. at 3:30 P. M.
The team chosen at that time will
meet with Syracuse in an Oregon
style debate, which will consist
mainly of discussion and rctorts.
Outside Debates

Debate Council has held two out‘
s.(lc debates this year. At the first,
Dorothy Knapp ,‘47. and Eloise
Worth. ’48, formed the team which
look the affirmative against Middle-
bury on the subject, "Resolved: that
all patents on atomic energy re-
main the property of the Federal
Government." At that time the
decision went to Mlddlcbury. At;
the second, Betty Rose Hilt, Patricl
Sheehan, and Mary Ellen Dlener,
Juniors, and Thelma Elliot, '46, met
Wells and Syracuse in an Oregon
style debate at Syracuse. The sub-
ject was, “Resolved: that there
should be unrestricted Jewish Im-
migration into Palestine." There
have also been two debates in As-
numbly.

Dell, Clionin TodDirect
Two One-Act Plays

Mary Harvey. '47. President of"
Collcgc Playhouse, has announced
that the ouc—ncl play directed by
iiiljth Dell, '48. will be presented
'l‘ucsday, April 0, at 0:30 PM. in-
stead of in assembly as formerly
planned. Margery Cronin. '46, will
direct a second onc—nct play to be
presented at the sonic time. Try-
outs for the three-act spring play
will be held Monday from 3:30 to
5:30 PM. in the ruldltorlum.

Miss Cronin has cast Gloria Jnf—
for, '48. Joseph alcvsky. '40, and
Harold Gould. ‘47. as leads in her
play.

Comnnttccs for both plays are:
Sets. Dorothy Diffln, ‘48; Lights.
Frances Child. '48; Props, Rosemary
Ryan, '40; C(Isl.tIIrIes. Alice Knapp.
'47; and Make-Up. Muriel Gardiner,
“ill. for Miss Doll's play and Miss
Jnlfcr. for Miss Cronln's.

lletwccn presentation of these
plays. Forrest Hill. ‘49. will play
two pluno selections. one of which
will be Schumann‘s “Scenes from
Childhood."

 

2'!

Poll Surveys Library Hours
(Continued from Page 1, Col. 1)
Far from being included in the

"unaffected" group, the Commuters

responded enthusiastically. Clnr~

cnco Carr, ‘47, and 11311 Kilroy, '48,

said they would take advantage of

it especially on ovenlnge where
were school functions. Jouuuc Mc-

Donald, '40. said, “My hometown

NEWS To nu

Student Ballot
On Art Exhibit

Art Department Posts
Views olFrenchChurch

The Albany Artists Group is pre-
senting a exhibition of paintings in
the Lounge until April 1. A popular
student ballot, sponsored by the
STATE COLLEGE NEWS will be
taken today of these paintings.

The exhibit; in the Lounge Con-
stitutes the First Annual Members
show of a. group of local artists,
headed by Erwin H. Austin. who
organized as such for their mutual
advantage and enjoyment. Many of
its members are of national repute
as artists.

Students  I‘ublic

Last. Tuesday evening the Artist’s
(Tn-oup held a reception for their
friends in the Lounge. At this time
a popular ballot was conducted to
dctcrminc the painting most appre—
('inlcd by those present. The pur—
posc of the NEWS poll is to corn-
parc the student's choice with that
of this older, more experienced
group. When final results of both
polls have been determined, Miss
Ruth E. Hulchins. Assistant Profes—
sor of Fine Arts, will give a critique
us to the significance of any differ—
once of opinion. Students may go
to the Lounge any time today and
band in their verdict as to the best
painting to a representative of the
NEWS who will be present.
Award Prizes

Clifford Brown's “Alone” was giv-
on first prize by the group Tues-
day Night. and Harriot Kenyon’s
"Autumn Haze" won second place
as the most popular. “Camp,”
painlcd by Herbert A. Steinke, was
judged most typical and received
the Warner Brothers prize.

The Chartres Cathedral, views of
which are on display in Draper, is
world famed for its architecture.
sculpture. and stainch glass win-
(lows. Situated just 55 miles from
Paris. the city of Chartres was cap-
tured by the Germans in the War
and liberated last. August. During
11115 scige the Chartres Cathedral
was often used as a refuge for snip-
ers but it escaped serious damage.
The priceless stained glass and
many statues were removed and put
in safe keeping for the duration of
the war. Many irirts of this sculp-
ture and stained glass are exhibited.

Press Meeting
In New York

.Uoulr’unul from. Poi/(f 1. Col. [’1’

Theatre.

room 1 I :31.) AM. ~Nc\\’:;pll])cl‘ and
Magazine Clinics.

121m l’..‘\l.»C011\'CllllOll Luncheon,
Grand Ballroom of the
Hotel Astor. Announce-
ment of Special Awards;
Gold Key Award; Cou-
vr-ntlon Birthday Cake
Ceremony.

2:30 l’.l\‘1...Closlng Meeting, McMil-
lin Theatre.

The convention is $4.50 per dele-
gate and covers general and sec-
tional uu-etings. clinics. feature lec—
tures and the concluding Conven-
tion Luncheon at the Hotel Astor.

Freshmen, Grads
To Fill Out Records

Dr. Milton G. Nelson, Dean of the
College. has announced that all
lrcsluncn and transfer students who
entered school in February must
mpori. to Room 200, Draper, at 3:30
P. M. Monday. March 18. These
students must fill out blanks which
are needed to complete their records.

All seniors who plan to enter
State in September, 1940, for grad-
uate study must secure graduate
application blanks from the Office
of the Registrar. These blanks must.

library isn't big enough and Ibe filled out and filed with the
Woud stay ovor to use the collage Registrar on or before Tuesday.

library."

March 19.

 

Three Maids From School
Croon A Mellifluous Tune

All this and a career too
seems to be the theme song,
currently prevailing at. State.
80 if you’ve turned on your ra-
dio of an evening lately, to hear
some vaguely familiar outpour-
ings, like a certain trio's sing-
ing, for instance — do not be
skeptical, do not imagine it; can-
not; happen here, because it has!

Three songsters—“Three Lit-
tle Maids from School" (State
College, no less) have their own
radio program—40 render the
meet and sentimental at wlll.
Their theme song? Why, the
“Three Little Maids from School”
which is genuine Gilbert. and
Sullivan but with a unique ar-
rangement.

With their first appearance
on radio over Fran Mullln’s
(another of State’s illustrious
vocalists) program a few weeks
ago. these three have progressed
to the stage previously proclaim—
ed.

So the time’s 8:15 P. M.. the
day is Wednesday, the station’s
WBCA, Schenectady, and the
maids? Dorene Holland,
Joan Woertzlcr, and Ellen Sar—
gent. of course.

Religious Clubs
Publish Programs

Hillel's Purim Festival
Featured For Weekend

The religious clubs on campus
have announced their plans for ac-
tivities during the next; two weeks.
Hillel will celebrate Purim this
weekend by instituting a city-wide
Purim festival, commencing tonight
at the Congregation Ohav Shalom
on Madison Avenue. Student Chris-
tian Association will hold a general
meeting Thursday evening at; 8:00
P. M. in the Ingle Room at Pierce
and a Lenten service at. Phi Delta
Sunday afternoon at. 3:00 P. M. In-
tervarslty Christian Fellowship will
hold its area meeting tomorrow
night at 8:15 P. M. at the Hotel
Wellington.

Ilillcl Service

The service which Hillel is con-
ducting tonight will be led by Solo-
mon Minsberg, '47. The program
will be as follows: Benediction,
Gloria Mais Holman, ’49; Invoca-
tion, Rita Shapiro, ’48; Bible
reading, Molly Cramer, ’47; Address.
Louis Rabincau, ’48; Cantor, Solo-
mon Mlnsberg, ’47; Vocal Selections,
Jean Hoffman. ‘49.

On Sunday Hillel will play host to
Albany College of Pharmacy, A1-
buny Law School. Albany Medical
School, and Albany Hospital Cadet
Nurse Corps, at a Purim Party
which will be held in the vestr'y
room at. the Congregation Ohav
Slrolom.

 

H(‘.\ Meeting

At. the genrn‘al SCA meeting, a
religious drama will be presented.
Joan Alvcrson. '47, wlll dlr'ect the
skit. which tells the story of a dis-
couraged minister who is inspired
to continue his work through his
visions of episodes in the lives of
great men.

Reverend Leroy Brandt of Del—

mar. SCA adviser. will continue the 7

series of Lenten talks tomorrow. His
topic wlll be “The Significance of
Tuesday in Holy Week."

Harriet Brlnkman. '40, President
of SCA, has announced that. Murlel
Owens, '40, has been elected the
new president of Fresh Club. Mary
Grant. '40. was chosen program
chairman.

GEORGE D. JEONEY. Poor.

BOULEVARD
for the

198—200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

The most of the Best

Lobbyists; Sock , I
Aidln Defeating

' Anti-Vivisection

Pamphlets Distributed
To Enlighten Students

Opponents of the DlCostanzo 3111,
legislation attempting to restrict
the use of dogs in animal research
In New York state, are seeking the
aid of college students. Pamphlets
discussing the problem have been
distributed in the residence halls.
Dogs in Research

The opponents of this bill wlsh
to bring to the attention of the
people the fact that research with
dogs has been responsible for many
of the medical discoveries which are
saving lives the world over. Dogs
have made possible the discovery of
the cause of diabetes and the de-
velopment and use of insulin. They
have contributed to research in the
use of liver therapy in pelnlclous
anemia. The use of dogs in the
laboratory has made possible the
discovery of plasma as a blood sub-
stitute and thus saved the lives of
thousands of servicemen and civil-
ians during the. war. Penicillin and
sulfa drugs were also perfected as
a result; of animal experimentation.
Dogs are especially useful in this
research since their digestive and
circulatory systems are .very similar
to those of man.

Oppose Bill

Opponents of the Anti-Vlvisection
Bill also contend that arguments
for the bill are groundless since the
most humane methods are used
with the dogs. There is no cruelty
or unnecessary pain in the handling
of these animals. They are given
anesthetics just as human beings
are. and all work is done in recog-
nizcd medical schools or research
laboratories.

Many of these research centers
have their own animal farms where
they raise the dogs which they use
in their experiments—pets are never
used. Many dogs are also taken
from the city pounds where they
have been condemned to death. It
is interesting to note that in New
York stabe alone 130,000 stray,
homeless dogs are killed in dog
pounds and by humane societies.
This is many times the number
used in medical research.

Request Opinion

For these reasons opponents of
the bill urge that in order to keep
medical research alive in New York
state all those opposed to the bill
write to their Senators and Assem-
blymen. informing them of their
feelings in this matter.

Following is a. list of the Senators
and Assemblymen from Albany
County: Senators, Mortimer 'A. Cul-
len and Gilbert. T. Seelye; Assembly-
men, Charles C. Wallace, George W.
Foy, James F. Dillon and John S.
Finch. Letters to the Senators
should be addressed to the Senate
Chamber. State Capitol, Albany,
and those to Assemblymen to the
Assembly Chamber.

P T E B APPLICANTS TO CHECK

Mrs. Annette Malseerl. head of the
Part Time Employment Bureau, has
stated that all those students who
are no longer interesth in the Jobs
they signed up for should notify
her. Under present conditions, no-
tices of positions are sent to stu-
dents who no longer desire these
jobs.

Central

Vacuum Repair Shop

ALBANY. N. Y.
PHONE 4-0247

Iailé CENTRAL AVE.

 

DIAL 5-1913

SAFETEBIA

Least

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

 

