  
     
  

 

 

 

 

 

   
  
   

1 7
regress Reports

  
 

om Colleges

' Representatives lnwted

‘TO'Cltllﬂis Meeting

The Executive Council of Inter-
Group Council recently received re-
ports from other State Teachers
Colleges of New York state con-
cerning the progress of the newly
organized Inter-Group Councils in
their schoOls. At a meeting held
last Wednesday, several activities
of the Inter-Group program of A1-
bany and State College were also
discussed. If

Conference Reults

Letters? have been received from
Buffalo State Teachers College and
Oswego;State Teachers College re-
porting/ favorably on the organiza-
tions of Inter-Group Councils there.
These: new councils were formed as
a direct result of the Inter-Group
Conference held here in November
and through the efforts of Dr. Louis
C. Jone, Professor of English, and
Dr, Watt Stewart, Professor of So-
cial Studies, who recently lectured
on inter-group relations at Buffalo
and Oswego, respectively.

Panel Invitation

The Citizens Unity Committee of
Schenectady has invited four speak-
ers from Inter-Groups Council to
present a panel discussion at one
of their meetings on “What Do We
Know About Living?”. The organiz-
ation has also offered to allot the
speakers panel at least 15 minutes
over WSNY, a radio station.
Lorna Kunz, ’47, and Dr. J. Allen
Hicks, Professor of Guidance. are in
charge of the speakers panel.

At least one delegate will repre-
sent Inter-Group Council at a meet-
ing and luncheon to be held by the
City Club at the Ten Eyck Hotel on
January 26. Dr. Emily Hickman,
a member of the Education Com-
mittee of the San Francisco Confer-
ence and a Professor at the New
Jersey College for Women. will speak
on “Education and the Will to
Peace.” A round table discussion
among students from colleges in
the vicinity of Albany will follow.

Housing Discussions

The Consumer’s Research of Al-
bany will hold several open meet-
ings in the near future to discuss
the inadequate housing conditions
now prevalent in Albany. The first
will be January 15 at the Joseph
Henry Memorial at 8:15 PM. Rich-
ard W. Hill. Jr., New York State
Research Director for Housing, will
speak on "The State‘s Part." On
January 28 at the YWCA Little
Theater, a panel discussion will be
held on “Slum Clearance and Pub-
lic Housing,” at 8:15 PM. On Feb-
ruary 4, a similar meeting will be
held at the same place to discuss
“Middle Priced Housing." state stu-
dents interested in a fact survey of
housing conditions are invited to at-
tend.

 

' our: cannot Nl’wo. Filo“. amour-11.1.1645

Art Class Plans
Enhibit In Draper

The Art 6 Class, a course in De-
sign in Visual Aid for Teaching, will
present an exhibit in Room 208 and
the corridor on the second floor of
Draper Tuesday, under the direction
of Miss Ruth Hutchins. Assistant
Professor of Fine Arts.

The exhibit will include a series
of plates prepared by the students
depicting material on subjects help-
ful to the high school teacher.
Gloria McFerran, ’46, is at the head
of this committee. Fifty-six plates
in all will be exhibited.

Information on slides and films
available to high school teachers
has been secured by members of the
class and other material has been
secured from museums. libraries,
clippings and other sources.

The purpose of the exhibit is to
acquaint the students with ways in
which they may enrich their teach-
ing and to list the sources of this
extra material. It will also empha-
size the principlesrof good organiza-
tion and present ideas in mounting.

Miss Hutchins says the exhibit
will be of value to every student
who wishes to bring interesting va-
riations into his classroom teaching.
All students are invited to the ex-
hibit, which will be held from 9 A.
M. to 5 P. M.

Dean Rules Deadline
For Chaperone Cards

Dr. Ellen G. Stokes, Dean of
Women. has announced that be-
ginning next semester any event
for which chaperone cards have not
been filed a week in advance will be
automatically cancelled. She also
requested that janitors required to
work overtime be paid promptly to
avoid confusion and neglect.

The one week ruling was put into
effect to eliminate last minute
searching on the part of students
and to allow the faculty to make
their plans for that evening. The
faculty has expressed a desire for
a two weeks’ notice but the dead-
line is still one week.

Individual notices of these rul-
ings are being sent to the head of
each organization in order to give
fair warning to students planning
events.

 

Community Service

Members of the Community Ser-
vice Steering Committee will hold a
meeting to discuss plans for estab-
lishing a leadership training group
for Inter—Group Council. Members
of the committee include Harriet
Brinkman. Marian Carter. Betty
Joan McGrath, Joseph Palevsky and
Shirley Passow. Seniors. Marjorie De

Lorraine, and Lois Hutchinson.
Juniors and Dr. Hicks.

Sterling Brown

Arrangement committees have

been appointed for the lecture by
Sterling Brown, modern poet, Jan—
uary 18. Edith Tanenbaum. ’47. is in
charge of invitations, Alice Knapp,
'47, refreshments, Jean Hoffman,
cleanup, and Muriel Navy, serving.

 

 

Married Males Come Back
A: Dateless Femmes Sigh

1940: What a man!

1942: What! a man?!
1944: What’s a man?
1946: What! a man?!

Another two years and State
will -be back to “boy-oh-boy-
wotta-man" again. Those males
that Santa promised are ma-
terializing in queues outside
Dean Nelson’s door. These lines
are expected to diminish as the
line forms to the right out-
side the sorority houses and
the girl’s dorms!

Long ones, lean ones, short
ones, keen ones (naturallyl)—~
built to fit any specification,
however discriminating.‘

Proms will be the style again
with gowns that shimmer and
gowns that swish and eyes out—
shining sparkling spangles, for
men mean dates.*

 

*Too bad they're married!

 

.‘Ma
ml
zeta

 

CANINE SOCIETY NEWS

By MINDY WAESHA'W

 

 

What The Well Dressed Dog Will Wear
If you yearn to keep your dog in style, bring him to R. H.

Macy, Inc. to be reupholstered.

For a nominal sum (anywhere

from $12.79 to $249.98 according to the size of your pet)

Macy’s experts will fit him with a nice new muskrat, mouton
or mink (for the particular dog) coat. Gone are the days of
the prosaic plaid blanket—your dog can now have sex! Says
the New York Times advertisement picturing a snooty dog
trotting across the page all swaddled in furs, “She’s just a

witch . . .

in her Macy’s mink.” And it’s so practical too—

after Fido gets tired of her furpiece, you can wear it for
awhile—that is, if you don’t mind being seen in old hand-me-

downs . . .

 

12.7) . L Sober Thought

"ll By GEORGE SEENSON
J a: ‘ President of Harding College
" ‘- v Searcy.Arkansus

 

its

 

 

—- 11

 

 

 

NOT LONG AGO I heard a story
about a drullk man with a new
car. It probably was not true
but it was thought provoking. In
an effort to back out of his home
garage, so the story goes, he
pushed over a neighbor’s fence
and sank nails in three tires.
Using an axe to disengage the
debris he bashed in a fender until
it pressed against his only re-
maining tire that held air.

Unable to make the maimed
car run, the inebriate got under
it with a wrench and ﬂattened
the gasoline line so the engine
could get almost no fuel; also
emptied the brake ﬂuid on the
ground. Finally he lost his teln-
per and assaulted the body \Vlth
a pick until it was no longer a
closed car. After that he dis-
coursed loudly and eloquently on
the mistakes of the engineer who
designed it.

Unsound HOW like this story is
Economy the history of our

country for the last
decade. Instead of doing things
to improve productive activity,
men of authority viewed every-
thing successful with suspicion
and orated on its faults. Well-
established principles of good
business were disregarded. Radi-
cal ideas worc used, like holding
land out of production to boost
farm prices.

Shortening crops ruiscd prices,
to be sure, but it made mm idlc,
as well as land. The landowners
got compensation from the na-
tional treasury for crops they did
not raise and idle workers stood

 

Deon Nelson Describes ProgromVM-Al Shrivenhom

by MILTON G. NELSON

When World War I closed sud-
denly in Novomber, 1918, no plans
had been made to provide oppor-
tunities for soldiers who would wait
for months before they would rc-
Lurn to the United States. This time
the army planned for a complete
educational program that began
with the elementary school and the
high school located on the battalion
or command level. the technical and
the industrial school and the uni-
versity or college.

One of the institutions planned
was a university to be located at
the little village of Shrlvenhum,
which “(‘8 in the shadow of Tom
Brown's schoolhouse, Shrivcnham is
located in the Vale of the White
Horse where Alfred the Great but-
ilcd the Dulles and where be burned
his famous oat cakes.

The staff at this university was
composed of army personnel who
were qualified to give college work
and of professors who were selected
for this assignment from colleges
and universities throughout the
United States.

 

During the first term at Shriven-
ham, 149 institutions were repre-
sented. The staff consisted of 130
professors from American universi-
ties and 84 military personnel who
were assigned professorlal positions.

June last. Dr. Harry W. Hastings
and myself rcceivcd invitations to
jolll the Shrlvcnllum American Uni-
versity faculty and ill a miraculously
short time we were sailing across
the ocean on tile good ship Queen
Elizabeth. Upon arriving at Shrivcn—
ham, we found that the unlvorsity
was organized on an eight-week
term, simllar to a summer session
here at State College. The registra-
tion tolulcd ncurly four thousand
students of which ten per cent Wcrc
officers. The student body also ln~
cludcd army nurses and WACS. so
that it was truly a co-cducatiomll
institution.

The Shrlvcnhnm American Unl-
Vcrslty was located lll brick buildings
constructed by the British Army for
an artillcry-officors training school.
The students lived in brick barracks
and the faculty in houses that had
been constructed for British of-

ficers and their families. All of the
Staff were in uniform; the profes—
sors wore no insignia of rank, but
the army gave them all the privil-
age possessed by an army officer ex-
cept that of executing command
functions.

The curriculum at the Sllrivcn-
ham American University covered
the usual subjects found in tho typi-
cal university, such us: commerce,
economics, sociology, oducution, on-
glnecring. fine uris. music. journal—
ism (a weekly paper was published),
a wide variety of liberal arts sub—
jccts from English to speech and
drums, science, llnltllclnutics, etc.

At 6:15 a siren blow and at 8
o'clock classes begun with cvoryonc
lll ills scat. This was due, not neces—
sarily to the students being forced
to attend. but to the fact that the
sudcnts wore studying subjects they
hlld selected und in which they had
on interest,

Bccuusc of time lost in military
service, they rcullzod the necessity
of concentrating their attention
upon work at hand, ill order. if pos—
sible, to make up some of the loss

V they discouraged

in line for dole. To meet the re-
sulting heavy expenses, corpora-
tion taxes grew so heavy that
investments,
further retarding productive ac-
tivity.

Idleness WITH jobs scarce and
Rewarded poorly paid, people on

government relief rolls
fared better than many who per-
sisted in trying to earn an honest
living by honorable work. This
automatically discouraged thrift
and efficiency. It retarded the
accumulation of personal wealth
and hindered the starting of new,
individually owned enterprises.
People with odds against them
discourage easily.

The case was more readily
diagnosed than remedied. Eco-
nomic tinkerers in places of au-
thority got a taste of power and
drank of it too deeply. Then they
quit thinking straight. Each new
raid on the nation’s economic
strength called for a bigger one
to hide it. Gradually thrifty peo-
ple were being beggared by aims
and American business bankrupt
by taxes.

The only honorable way out of
any kind of intoxication is to
sober up. Destructive strategy
will buy food and clothing for
nobody. Letting land lie idle is
not farming. Scared money builds
no factories and makes no jobs.
The most helpful thing our gov-
ernment can do this year is work
to this end: Devise I/lc rig/It faxrl
[or file must jobr. This will auto-
matically cure the “gimmics.”

U nlversdy
caused by years of military service.
I believe I am making an acolu'ate
statement when I say that these
army students were keen, intelligent.
and deeply interested ill the work

The sudden close of the Japanese
war released many ships which then
could be used to return soldiers from
the ETO to the United States, and
by the close of the second term the
need for the Shrivcnlnnll American
University had ceased to exist.
Early ill December, it passed into
the realm of that which had been.

Originally, the plan was to con-
tinue the university for 11 your. The
curly close of the University com-
plcicd our work and made it possi-
bio for Dr. Hastings and myself to
mukc on curly return to the Uni-
ted States. I was fortunate to be
one of the first group scheduled for
return. Dr. I-lustings should be on
his way home now, and I am sure
he will be just us happy to see the
lady on Budloo's Island holding nloft
illc torch as I was when the nircrui‘t
curl‘icr, lslntcrprisc, pulled into plcr
13 on Staten lsulnd shortly after
daylight on December 24.

If you do indulge in a mink for
your mascot, keep him in the pro-
per Fifth Avenue atmosphere—don’t
feed him dog biscuits; feed him ca-
viar. (And don’t forget the Martini
to top it off . . . ) Before we know
it, there’ll be a regular canine 400
in the country: “Mr. and Mrs. J. P.
Canine of Ken-L-Ration Manor an-
nounce the engagement of their
daughter, Skippy to . . .” But there,
011 where, comes a distant bark, are
the snug little sweaters of yester-
year?
lReaders will please ignore all signs
of hysteria-I saw “The Lost Week—
end" over Christmas vacation and
haven't been the same since . . . )
NEWS OF THE WACS

Pvt. Liz McGrath, ’45, who was
here visiting old friends over the
week-end, is stationed in Washing-
ton, D. C. where she interviews im-
patient GI’s for discharges . . . Sgt.
’l‘rece Amy, ‘44, also stationed in
Washington D. 0., has been pro-
moted to S-Sgt. . . Pat Latimer, '44
now a Sgt. is in Paris and says she
made a trip to Spain while on leave,
She hopes to be back in time to see
Moving—Up Day at State . . . Pvt.
Mike Buetow, ’46, is still in Des
Moines.

THE TAKASES 0F ANN ARBOR,

Jan and Andy Takas have finally
settled bag, baggage, and daughter
Andrea at 621 Fountain, Ann Arbor,
Michigan. Andy’s going to classes
at the University, and Andrea, Janie
proudly relates, can climb a flight
of stairs by herself . . .

ABltAMS CONVALESCING

Stan Abrams, ’46, had a little bad
luck in a jeep accident in Germany
and missed the boat for home. He’s
in the hospital now, but still insists
he’ll be home in January. You can‘t
keep a good man down. and if we
know Stun, he'll keep that January
date . . .

EXAMS COMING UP

There will be no NEWS for its
next three weeks because you’ll all
be so busy studying for exams you
wouldn‘t have time to read it any-
how . . . in the meantime, don't
forget to go see Betty Gatchcll and
the E. D. plays next Tuesday, and
Sterling Brown next Friday!
ADVER’l‘lSIlMEN'l‘

Missing: twenty-five greenbacks
Description oi' item: green pieces of
paper with pictures of George

Washington done in white on

front,

Note to “A Certain Someone":

.It tukos five Thursdays and five
Saturdays at Whitney's to earn
$25.

.I owe $23 of the $25.

It's my money, not yours.

Mukc D. New Ycur’ Resolution
now it's not too late to return
it by some anonymous method.
. How can you sleep nights?

I CAN'T!

Pl Omega Pi Plans Meeting

Eilccn Moody, '46, President of Pi
Omcgu Pi, honorury connncrcc s0-
ricly, nnnounccd tlnlt thcrc will be
u general meeting of the organiza-
lion today in Room 301 at 2:30 PM.
it is u gcllcl'ul meeting to discuss
the publication of the Newsletter,
the Pi Olncgu Pl newspaper which
is sent to all alumni of the group.

._.

J

as“

'JI

 
 
 

 

"sure-conceal NIWC,‘FRIUAY', JANUARY. 11, me

Radio 0] MM Poll

1. What do you think of Myskania as an organ of your govern-
ment? Check one of the following.

 

 

 

 

1. Excellent ‘- 69
2. Good 212
3. Poor 38
4. Could stand improvement ........................................................................... .. 336
5. Indifferent 14
2. Do you think Myskania has too much power?
Explain. (Explanations interpreted in story on page 1.)
Yes .............................................. .. 90 No. ...... .. 434

3. Do you think Myskania is the best-qualified student organiza-
tion to handle (Answer yes or no)

Yes No

 

 

 

 

 

1. Elections 507 180
2. Student-faculty relations ....... .. 416 .............................................. .. 370
3. Rivalry 591 98
4. Advisory group to
Student Council 444 343

5. To organize freshman class 531  155
6. To interpret Constitution .... .. 366
7. To handle major-minor

office plan 379 295
8. To uphold traditions ............. .. 608 .............................................. .. 71
9. To serve as a judiciary

body of the gov’t. 458 230

 

(All above mentioned powers are now granted to Maskania
by the Constitution with the exception of number 2.)

2“

Yes .............................................. .. 252

Are you in favor of the present system of choosing Myskania?
415

No. ........................................ ..

If not, what do you suggest? (Suggestions listed and in-

terpreted in story on page 1.
Are you opposed to Myskania wearing caps and gowns at the

E"

)

following functions: (Answer yes or no.)

1. Assembly

a. regular meetings 

b. business meetings

Yes No
226 458
527

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2. Chaperoning events 421
3 Moving-up Day 495
4. Class meetings 496
5. Elections 549
6. When sitting as a court  93  587
7. At any time 122 482
6. Do you object to secrecy involved in (Answor yes or no.)

Yes No
1. Name 201 515
2. Closed meetings 298 410
3. Constitution 353 348
4. Any other item 137 558

 

7. List factors or qualities you think should be considered in

choosing Myskania members.

(Six highest listed: others interpreted in story in page 1.)

 

 

 

Leadership  224 Popularity 
Scholarship  199 Ability
Service to Participation
State  136 in Activities......,................. 91

8. Any other comments? (Given in story on page 1.)

 

 

Myskania Member Answers
Student Opinions In News Poll

(Ed. Note: This is an informative
article written by a member of M ys-
kania in an attempt to correct the
false impressions made obvious in
answers given in the ans ques-
tionnaire on Myskania.)

In answer to Question 8 of the
questionnaire. one student asked
“Why doesn’t Myskania tell us what
they do with all the money they
have appropriated?" All organiza-
tions which receive money from Stu-
dent Association are required to sub-
lnit an itemized budget for approval
by Student Board of Finance and
Student Association. Myskania is
bound by the same rule. Anyone in—
terested ill checking the exact fig-
ures may refer to the May 14, 1945
issue of the S'M'rl: COLLEGE News.

A complaint issued by one stu—
dent roads: “I object to standing
up when they walk in for. assem-
bly." This is a common misunder-
standing in State College. No stu-
dcllt is required to stand when Mys-
kunla enters the auditorium. The
practice begull yours ugo when stu-
dents stood for the playing of tile
Alma Mater. Since then it has con-
tinued us a tradition.

"I don't like the fact, planned or
unintentional, that Presidents of
certain organizations are always ill-
cludcd ill the new Myskania." With
the exception of president of stu-
dent Association, there is no of-
i‘lcc in college Which automatically
plnccs u student on Myskania. A
survey of the last five yours of
Myskania membership will show
that sovorul major organizations
usually represented wuro occasion-
ully omitted.

chcrul students objected to Mys-

kuniu members wearing keys while
practice teaching. The organization

 

exercises no control over this sit-
uation. Myskania members, like
members of other organizations,
may wear their keys at any time.

One student stated: “I think the
issue would not be such a big one
if more students knew about the
work Myskania did in addition to
their weekly appearance in Assem-
bly." We are not attempting to
decide whether or not the above
statement is correct, but it is logical
and worthy of consideration. Con-
sequently, Myskania will. in the fu-
ture. issue monthly reports of the
work that has been accomplished.
This report will be published by the
State College News. The first re-
port, which will include all activi-
ties of the first semester, will be
printed ill the first issue of the
News ill second semester.

7/“ spot Snoop
(Cullf’l’llitud from Page 6, Col. 4)

Dichl: Any team more than ten
lnlnutcs late must forfeit. Games to
be cancelled must be reported to
the captains at least two days ahead
of time. Both teams have to agree
to tile cancellation and the new date
set for the game. This avoids mix-
ups, and there is no chance for con-
troversy concerning playing time
and lateness; everything is definite.

Margot: the games have already
gotten off to a good start. Competi-
tion is keen, and the spirit to will is
high, Orgunizatlon lessens confu-
sion and creates interest. The addi-
tion of a scorer and timekeepcr from
each team insures the accuracy of
each. thus speeding up the games.

Feehan Slates

Patricia Feehan, '46, Editor-in-

Chief of the Primer, college literary mas and bluntly expressed their the name.
publication, has announced that a desire for abolition, . V   V I

The above question is perhaps the “We”: however; all times, 599$“; : ,
cause of the greater part of the strange alld dlﬂlcult t0 mufﬂe“.   .

regular meeting and a cub class
will be held Tuesday.

Poll Disclose: For  d v ‘
Primer Meeting In wMetl'lod Cl vCh‘oo‘s‘ingjr-p ,ygklm

ed meetings or nasty, lumen“  g-

    
   
   
  

 

(Continued from page 1, Col. .1) I g
This“: is, especienyg'ytrue:
in respect to the latter. Individual,

Ruth Bentley, '47, Art Editor, controversy centered around Mys- numb" 'Of Student! d0» (MM, 
will conduct the cub class for try- kania. The general OOHOIUSlOD  secrecy 1“ the name: but donut 0b“

ut f th rt taff at 12 noon may be drawn from the above sta- ,
° 5 M e a s tistics is that the students desire 9. er this apparent contradiction of.

in Room 109. Draper. Tryouts will

ject to a secret constitution. Wheth-.

be “quested to design and make change in the method of choosing principles may be ascribed to ml!-

posters.

The purpose of the regular meet-
ing at 7:30 P.M., aso in Room 109,
Draper, will be to discuss plans
for cover design and publicity to

encourage contributions. Miss Bent- 1945 Myskama and the student As_
sociation of last year, there is lit- qualiﬁes that they thlnk ShOlﬂd be

tie opposition in State College to consmered

ley has stated that only the Primer
staff and tryouts will submit de-

Myskania, but that they hold widely interpretation of the question or
diverging views as to the best pos- merely to idle curiosity concemlne
sible system for the election or se- the word “Myskania” is a question
lection of such an organization as “(him may no” be answered With
Myskania.

facility or certainty.
Contrary to the opinion of the The “Sung by State Students In
anSWer to Question '1 of factors and

in choosing Myskania

signs for the cover. The three best MYSkama wearing ,caps and gowns members resulwd in an unusual (us.

will be chosen by the art staff, and at specified mmw

All six of the covery. Scholarship is second to

the Who“? Primer Staff Wm make events listed were answered in fav- leader-ilth only) and 1385 behind by

the final decision.

may be handed in to Miss Feehan
or Esther Utal, ’46, Literary Editor,

, or of Myskania wearing caps and 25 Wt“-
Stories or poetry for the Primer gowns by a goowsize majority.

As mentioned in the tab-
ulations on page 3 of this issue the

A study of the answers to the first Other high'mnkmg qualities in 01"

three parts of Question 6 provides der are service to State, popularity,

or placed in the Primer mailbox an interesting psychological prob- abilitY- and participation in 9:0th-
in the lower hall of Draper before lem. The total results are logical, illes- This does not seem to conflict

February 28. This deadline has

and easily interpreted_ Students at  the qualltles set forth in the

been set to enable the staff to put State do object by a majority of five May 18» 1945. issue of the Stalk
out the publication on Moving-Up votes to the secret constitution by 0011686 NEWS by the 1945 MY-‘lkamai

Day.

Myskania, but do not object to cios- “This way was Chosen on the basis

of three years’ work—school parti-

 

6mm!“

cipation, class participation, organ-
ization cooperation, and initiative."

Scholarship was at one time‘ a
necessary and important qualifica-
tion for membership on Myskania.

 

To the Editor

In the NeWS issue before the re-
cess, there was a slightly garbled
version of a Myskania plan which,
as some may have known and others
guessed, was the creation of yours
truly.

The first question to be asked
is obviously, Do we need a judiciary?
The answer. just as obviousy, is that
as we are to live under a form of
government and help perpetuate a
form of government in which the
judicial function is kept separate, we
should get acquainted with this
form now; get to understand its
mechanics; and operate it to the
best of our ability. Basic to that
reason is the whole philosophy of
separation of powers,

A judiciary must be independent,
broad in outlook and experience.
and Seniors are those most likely to
have this combination. Because a
judiciary necessarily depends great-
ly on moral compulsion, it must
command respect. Hence an honor
society is apparently what the situa-
tion demands.

The specific aspect of the ques-
tion is that of membership. This is
perhaps of greater importance in
the judiciary than in any other
branch of the government as the
satisfactory execution of the func-
tions of a judicial body depends
mainly on the competence of the in-
diivdual members. It is therefore
absolutely necessary to establish
some kind of standard before exam-
ining the existing judicial body.
Among the many qualities needed
one might mention integrity, ability.
independence, experience. leadership
a feeling of responsibility combined
with impartiality. the ability to com-
mand respect, the ability to obtain
cooperation, the ability to secure
support and many others. Upon clos—
er examination, these qualities fall
fairly definitely into two groups;
personal attributes and good rela-
tionships with the group as a whole.
There is where, in my opinion. we
reach the crux of the whole matter.
It is my belief that the Myskania
problem is essentially one of the
separation between Myskania and
Student Association. If the various
complaints about Myskania are con-
sidered in this light, I think the
point becomes rather evident. This
problcln of separation is. ill my
opinlnion, the result of the fact that
the present method of selecting the
members of Myskania is a fairly
certain guarantee of the personal
attributes. but is no guarantee what-
soever of the general support that
any governmental organization
needs to operate effectivaly.

Let us stop for a moment to di-
agnose the existing problem. Is not
the constant criticisln of Myskania
the almost inevitable result of this
separation? Is not the continued
existence of Myskania the almost
inevitable result of the assurance of
personal qualification implied in the
present system? Does not the solu-

tion lie in using a plan   Slnce then the emphasis in 
assure both personal qualification College has switched to leadership
and general support? Is not Smple and initiative as shown in student

. ' . lum swinging
populal election a method which aim“ '15 the Wind“
aims directly at only one of these bwkwaldS? And' If so’ What woum

_ . . _ be an adequate and acceptable aca-
general support and is this mew demic standing for a candidate? Is
ly the converse of the present sys- _
, it necessary to choose between
tem and thus equally poor? May the . .
, scholarship and leadership, 01 would
solution to the ploblem not lie in a it be ossible to find a suitable
bination of selection with elec- 1)-
cpmv combination of both in eight to
“on' thirteen Juniors each year?

I have sat up Standards. compared Other qualities or factors listed
the present system to it, tried to are dependability, good judgment,
diagnose the situation, and point fairness, ability to gain cooperation
out the general line a solution of Student Association, knowledge
should follow. For the doubting of Parliamentary Procedure and of
Thomases who consider the general the Constitution, honor, State spirit,
line of the proposed solution im- character, personality, initiative,
possible, I should like to cite a pre- versatility. humor, friendliness, ap-
cedent, which may not be exactly Dearancel Speaking ablllty, and a
the same, but is still relevant. The general Interest in State College.
Grand Marshall of Campus Com- One student suggested a competitive
mission is elected by Student As- exam 35 a mom" in Choosmg mem'
sociation in the spring from the four hers 0f Mysmn‘m

Junior members of Campus Com_ It is obvious that not all of the
mission. We are thus assured both motors coma be “sad. and equally

personal ability and general Sup_ obVlous that few students could ad-
      

I have proposed that we Should stln surve (ill the standards of
make an attempt to combine salec' eStateg studelits and the qualities
23;, wiggsgégﬁign'mﬂlt watt?“ 585?; they desire in their leaders.

' Question 8 was added to the ques-
members of Myskania meet to con- - 1._ 0 h ' b t
sider the membership of the new gfggiilgg ﬁfchananﬁgtgefﬂn‘éﬁttmai
MySkamav were are PI'ObaPly some erial. There were a number of
Juniors 0“ Whom the malority 0f cryptic statements: “This Myskania
MYSklllllll members agl'ee- and ll stinks!" and to balance it “Vive
more or less long list of others who Myskania!" Some of the comments
are mentioned and considered. given in Question 8 indicate a lack
Well. if most Myskaan members of knowledge concerning Myskania,
consider certain juniors so out~ and State College. These comments
standing that they ought to be on are discussed by a member of Mys-
that government organization, these kunla in an article printed on page
Juniors should appear equally well 5 of this issue.
qualified to those they are to help One final comment now by each
govern. Hence, Myskania could sub— 0f tWO ODDOSlllg extl‘ellllsts- Against
mit these names to Student Assocla- MySklllllll is the decmve "I think
tion for approval or rejection As for that Myskania should be abolished
the rest of those mentioned, maybe compleuﬂyv because it 15 complete”;
Student Association could choose “591955 101' any purpose Whatsoevel-
among them and others nominated Contrary to the ldeﬂls'o‘f this state-
whom it considers moer worthy of ment is the following. A tladition

      

All this boils down to tilis sugges- ,' I' _'
tion—let Myskania recommend no home we salons and Stately pint

.. . , of our college life. I think an aw-
mo” man ten people f0} .membel' ful lot of this business against Mys-
séhtip, to bewapprovcd or rejected by mm“ is .smu, gmpes'. When we

udcnt Association. Let Myskania stand for them as they enter as_
further suggest at least four others , . .. _
it considers qualified. let those wisil- Zﬁ‘fﬁﬁﬁltﬁgﬁ tageégwﬁm‘hgllikgoto
ing to. add to this list, and let Stu- say They stand for an the kids at
dent Association elect by prefcl'en- State who work to make college a
iinl ballot from among these as better place. The way student
many as are necessary to complete Council handled the Campus Day
“W lllellleI'lllllP- Add to this the attendunts—everyone in the school
rulosbthut tlltllytslutllnlu slillalthazc 113 knew] we need some sort, oflw
lllelll 01's. lll l8 0 Vs ana organization who will kee tleir
shall submit altogether at least 14 months shut. and Myskania cer-
names, and that the President of tulnly would."
Student Association hull always be After writing approximately 300
one of the thirteen. lines of interpretation. we are in-

Tms System would. I believe, re- clincd to agree with the author of
suit in the selection of a group both Sme 0"” “{‘d cow‘s" Statement:
competent and supported, and one Wh-l' (10959” someb‘xly do somﬁ'
which could perform for Student thing ““d “We” “mm the issue!
Association services even greater .

, ‘ ‘ ’_ ‘ probably due to the fact that I
      
fallacies in'm rcasoninr tl or less log‘cal assumptions rather
mum in y. ‘ 1 ‘5: my “1:9 than on known facts.
. my reason ng. they the GERHARD WEINBERG :47

 

  
  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
 
  
 
 
  
    
  
    
 
 
   
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
   
    
  
    
  
 
   
     
 
   
    
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
    
     
     
    
 
   
     
       
   
    
  
    
  
    
  
 
    
    
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
   
    
 
  
  

 

 

 

    
 
   
    
  
  
  
   

