  

  
 

  
 
  
 
 
   
   
  
  
  
   
 
  

 

 
 

   
  
   

 

   
  
 
 

 

 
   
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
 

    

 

 

PAGE 2'

Truth —- Or Consequences?

It is difficult to be impartial at all times . . .

' indeed, there are times when it is wrong to be im-

partial. We feel that this is such a time.

When the controversy concerning student-fa-
culty relations was first introduced in assembly last
Friday the result could be foreseen long before any
discussion took place. There was relatively little
discussion, and the arguments that were given on
both sides seemed irrevelent and confused for the
most part. It was a non-intellectual battle of emo-
tions that chose to blatantly ignore reason and
factual evidence.

We wondered why both sides did not present
1. Why each felt it was the better equipped to

handle this duty, and
2. What definite actions in the direction of stu-

dent-faculty relations each has, originated in
the past.

These would be concrete statements—discussion
based on these would be reasonable and intelli-
gent. Discussion at all times should be stripped
of colorful and pretty emotions. Naked truth is a
for better friend to good government. The basis
for discussion on this particular controversy should
have been which organization is the best equipped
to handle this duty.

Too many of the too few statements offered were
ridiculous and absurd. For if it is true that seniors
do not have overly-much interest in State because
they will soon graduate, then it is a logical assump-
tion that our entire student governmentshould
rest on this idea. Wouldn’t it be better, therefore,
for the President of Student Association to be a
freshman?

we wonder if by representation, the speaker
meant representation by class sections—or by col-
lege interests. Student Council, without question,
could better perform the first; Myskania, by its
very nature, the second. Student-faculty relations
are a duty, not a power. It is a project which, to
to be successfully carried out, must be coordinated

‘with the activities and student organizations, and

finally with individual students. Myskania has
long realized this, and throughout the past thirty
years has slowly attempted to bring about this
ideal relationship.

How has Myskania done this?

First: Myskania has bi-weekly meetings with
Dr. Sayles. At these meetings student problems are
discussed. The organization attempts to bring be-
fore the President of the College all of the com-
plaints, requests and desires that it has heard stated
by State students. At the same time it listens to
any complaints that the administration may have
to make against the student body. Together, solu-
tions are usually found for the many problems thus
brought to light. In this way, Myskania acts as a
clearing station for student-administration rela-
tions.

Second: Myskania issues a mimeographed fa-
culty social calendar each month. This calendar
includes all student events in which the faculty may
be interested. Thus the faculty are acquainted with
the social activities of the student body, and are
invited to take an active part in these activities.

Third: Myskania for the past two years has
sponsored student-faculty teas at least once each
semester. Since these teas are purely social they
provide both students and faculty members an op-
portunity to get together in an atmosphere void
of courses and marks.

A Stiltltflli-llltilllly tea is not a hastily arranged
affair. It requires money (gained by football and
basketball games), preparation beforeluuid (get-
ting tca sets, signing up for the lounge, finding
chairs and card tables, getting the refreshments,
sending out invitations to the. faculty), and clean-
ing up afterward. All this requires time and
effort. Myskania has always taken care of these
duties, and Student (founcil has ruled the part of
hostesses, at the invitation of Myskaniu.

The vote, however, has been taken in favor of
Student Council. Whether or not there will be fur-
ther consideration of this question before the Con-
stitution is finally passed is still uncertain. The
moral of this tale is not that you should vote for
Myskania, but that, in future problems that are
met in the (.‘onstitution, you demand the facts from
both sides before voting. Remember . . a dis-
cussion on a subject can always be postponed to the
next meeting of the Association. Intelligent Vot-
ing, not time, is the most precious commodity in
State today.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS,

College

Friday, Feln'uary 22—

FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 22, 1946

Calendar

8:00-12:00 P.'M.—College-Wide dance sponsored by 16 organizations, to
increase spirit of cooperation between various groups. Gym and Lounge.

Saturday, February 23—

9230 A.M.—Members of Chemistry Club to meet here and travel to Troy
in a group where they will make a tour of the Niagara Hudson Valley

Fuel Company.

7:00 P.M.—Sophomore Banquet at; the Ten Eyck Hotel. Dr. Harvey Rice,
History Professor, guest speaker. Helen Kisiel will be mistress of cere-

monies.
Sunday, February 24-

5:00 P.M.—Newman Holy Hour in the Small Grotto.
6:00 P.M.—-Buffet Supper at. Newman Hall.

Monday, February 25—-

3:30 P.M.—Inter-varsity Bible study Hour. Speaker, Reverend David
Gray, Graduate Student. Room 151, Huested. .

Tuesday, February 26—

12:00 Noon—Music Council to hold regular record playing session. Room

28, Richardson.

3:30 P.M.——Inter-Group Seminar Meeting. Discussion on topic: “What:
. Do We Really Think of Each other?” Alice William, '48, to replace Ger—
hardt Weinberg, ’47, as director. Place to be announced later.

Wednesday, February 27-—

3230—Meeting of Forum. Madelyn Breish, '48, to give book reviews.

Lounge.

4:00 P.M.—SCA open meeting. Speaker, Dr. Wehrli, Professor of Old
Testament Language and Literature at. Edent. Theological Seminary.
Topic: “Types of Public Leaders interpreted through the Old Testament.”
8:15 P.M.—General meeting of the Albany branch of the American As-
sociation of University Women. Melanie Grant, Leader of Choral Sing-
ing at. Philip Schuyler High School, to present program. Lounge.

Thursday, February 28—-

3:30 P.M.——Two Teams of Debate Council to hold debate on topic: Re-
solved: “That there should be unrestricted immigration into Palestine.”
8:00 P.M.—SCA-I—lillel joint: meeting with Reverend William McConaghy.
Subject: “Bases of Many Protestant Sects." Lounge.

Daily, 12:10-12:30—Inter-varsity Christian Fellowship Prayer Meeting.

Room 151, Huested.

 

Galley crate—a,»

By CULLINAN & HILT

 

State Fair

We’ve done it again! This year’s
State Fair went over the top in en-
tertainment. orginaiity, and dough—
re-mi. A good time was had by all
and as one Union man exclaimed—-
“Women! Never in my life have I
seen so many women in one place."
It seems that; the freshman class
at State Teachers College in Tren-
on is borrowing our State Fair
theme for their big activity of the
year. Wanting to formally present
themselves to the college, they are
making plans to have every class or-
ganize and exhibit a booth.
Gripes

Walking through the hallowed
halls we find evidences of vehement
reactions toward final grades. Poor
marks cause some students to be~
come infuriated and blame the
teachers or others to become dis-
couraged and blame themselves.
Other colleges seem to be having
the some trouble as in Fredonia
State Teachers College where the
students’ reactions were voiced in
the college paper. As usual in-
structors were put "on the carpet"

emaieaﬁm

To the Editor:

Comes September and each cam-
pus organization blossoms forth
with its ambitions and worthy
plans for improvements for the
year. By November enthusiasm has
visibly waned, and if any remains
by second semester the organization
lender is surely one to be congratu-
lated.

This full Campus Commission
come forth with a commendable
program, including the. announce-
ment. that the time—lumored, but.
usually ignored. custom of the sen—
iors lcuving assembly first. followed
by the other classes in order was to
be rigorously enforced. It. was nice
the first. week taking advantage of
senior prerogatives, but. the second
week those unobtrusive seniors who
did not. feel equal to the struggle
found themselves once more “bring—
inc. up the roar.” This condition has
continued throughout the your and
by this time most. of the seniors have
resigned themselves to being sort.
of a rear guard.

Recently Campus Commission has
been elevated to the position it
rightly dcscrvr-s, that. of one of the
leading college orgttnlzntiom. A sup-
posedly efficient system has been
created: all the machinery has been
set-up; certainly under capable
leadership it should be prevented
from fading to a mere figurehcad
organization. Let’s see a little ac—
tionl

er

 

 

One of the Rear Guard

for their stiff finals, their severe
marking and other “petty” details.
On the other hand one of their in-
structors seems to have had quite
a brainstorm. In place of the con-
ventional test; she took her students
to see the stage play "The Late
George Apley" feeling that as this
was their unit of work they would
derive more appreciation from this
type of final.

NOTE: It; seems that; a certain
instructor of our own Spanish de-
partment now regrets having asked
a certain question on the final. Hav-
ing received such invigorating and
gruesome details for the answer, he
vows he will never again ask for a
composition on Una Visita, Al Med-
ico. (A visit to the Doctor).

Times Have Changed

We never thought we'd see the
day when professors, in tears. would
run home to their wives because
they flunked. This is happening at
Wisconsin. If you remember their
idea of rating profs which we pre-
sented two weeks ago you might
be interested to know the results.
Surprisingly enough the lecture type
class is the least helpful whereas
small discussion sections and quiz
recitations rated on top.

Sex In College

Many students, particularly in the
education classes, have been ques-
tioning State's lack of marriage and
parenthood courses. The campus
newspaper at UCLA presents an in-
teresting editorial on this point:

"We have often wondered why the.
University does not offer courses
in sex hygiene and education, prep—
aration for marriage, and prepara-
tion for parenthood . . .

"Certainly the average college stu-
dent is old enough, mature enough,
and intelligent. enough to study the
problem of nnu'riage and parcnt~
hood seriously and with on t‘_\’t' to
his own \ycll-i.)t.‘lhg‘. . . .

“Undoubtedly the University
could do much good for its students
by giving such colll'st's. yet. it does
not. We would like to know why, . .

"The University should realize
that ignoring the problem is un—
()lilt‘l' way of shirklng its obliga—
tions us an cdtmutlonul institution
to the community it serves."

Even Boston Unlvorslty is ugliui.-
fun for such mincutlon. In fact many
professors, cspeeiuily in the psycho-
logy, sociology, and English depart—
ments, are leaders in this move-
ment. Strong student. demand has
already presented a petition to the
President. Many of our own educa-
tion professors have also been advo-
cating the desirability of such a
course here at State. If it is not
banned in Boston why should it be
here?

By MINDY WARSHAW

QUIZ KIDS NEWS RELEASE

Do you know that a national spotlight is being
thrown on the teaching profession in an effort to get
it wider and more appreciative recognition? The
“spotlight.” is in the form of a contest to find the
“Best Teacher of 1946,” and it’s sponsored by those
“Best; Students of 1946"—-the Quiz Kids. From the
letters sent in by the school kids of America, the
judges will pick the best teacher, give her a year’s
paid schooling at any college or university in the
Chicago area (Quiz Kids’ Home Town), tuition fees.
living expenses, transportation, plus $1,000 in cash.
Do you long to be a. good teacher? Would you like
to be popular with your pupils? Then take a few
hints from the following letters:

“My teacher is a kind and conserale person, writes
one pupil of her teacher-nominee. “She helps you
after school even when she wants to go home her-
self. She has a lot of paysunch with slow learning
pupils." (Paysunch is a virtue—«Ed. Notet

“I am six years old. I am in the first grade. I like
my teacher. She is pretty. She never gets mad.
She helps me with my reading. She makes its mind
but she is kind.

it

Love and XXXXX."

“Please choose my teacher to get the $1,000. She
wants a fur coat.” (nice educational reason . . . 1

Out of the whole batch entered so far, only one
letter has been discouraging:

“I heard your offer. But I am sorry I can’t think of
nothing no teacher has ever did for me.” (obvious-
ly . . .
The contest closes Feb. 27 so get. your entries in
6%11‘1y . . . (PS. Pictures of Quiz Kids and Judges avail-
a e.)

“JIVE BOMBERS” DOUBLE TALK

Remember back in the eighth grade in junior high

school when your gang knew all the latest jive talk
and you had a language all your own that nobody
else could understand? Well, we have here in our
pessession exerpts from a letter from one Miss Joan
Hagerty age 12, President of the “Jive Bombers” of
Mineola, L. 1.:
Dear Sis:1 That. frame dame Gumpf: is at it again.
Every time the perfect convoy (Pinkyzi) comes along
she sure drops the anchor. At the skating rink every
Saturday night; she oozes all over him (Pinkyti). It’s
“abnoxiously repulsive” (as Sally would say.) Too
bad about Pinky—he’s really it caught snort. and
a tripped drip, but def l But. he's full of vitamin “Y”
Yessir, he’s a, mellow hunk of heart-break. Nazi-Faces
follomd me home again today. She very maliciously
said to me, "Are you sure Pinky's taking you to the
movies Saturday?" I said. "No—not Saturday—Sun-
day." She asked me if he was going to pay my
way or if I was going to meet him inside the then—
ter! Imaginel Then we had a raffle and she won a
quarter. It was my turn to be nasty. I turned around
and said, “Well, now you can take Pinky to the mov—
ies." Not. knowing what to say, she shut up and
made like a. clam all the rest of the time . . . Well.
Sis I'm off to a meeting of the Jive Bombers. So
long. square, dig you later.”

I guess who

: villainess

:r knight in shining armor

| 800 .‘l

n Gumpl‘; sec 1

STATE CCLLEGE NEWS

Established May l‘r‘ié
By the Class ol19|8

 

Vol. XXX l“t'i)l‘lllll‘,\" 22. 1040 No. to
\lrlnlu r Iridium...”

,\t~t|-'|.|ll'il flrliii'ﬂllll' l‘I'r~» . I'.. (ﬂour it»
Ilol lillrir‘l'Lfl'tllttlli' “.\\~.Ivip.»i ..‘ in. \of «..r ~ t"
lolll‘w- lor ’I'v.n'lwi'~: llllilll‘lll'll t'\|'l'\ l-‘rnl.|_\ of 'hn 1"“
"L'Ii .lt‘Ill' lt\ llit‘ .\‘l'i\\‘.\' ithil'Il I'Ul' “II' ‘i'il li'lll \< m it
.Ion I’hon- »=‘ lit‘l'lll'il'll. L‘ til'Jti ii \:-. L‘t..'l‘~; I'.-Is “ |‘.|l|.
t r your '3 HST”.

 

The News Board
JOAN D. BERBR'CH - . .
sumac-TH s. O‘NEIL.
iESAlSEL FEAR

.. Iii)l‘l'0li-lN-CHIU‘
coiior'ron—IN (:nrrr
nusrrnezss MANAGI'H

JOSEPHINE MAGGIO tillKJlilAl’lON MAN/ml.”

MARGERY CRAMER ADVLH'I'IEING MANAGER

MARY SULLIVAN . . . . . sl'oliiti Lotion

KATHRYN HAGERTY Aﬁb‘OCiA‘lt: cotton

BERNARD M. SKOLSKY ASSOCIATE LDIIUN

MARY TESSIER ABEOCIAIIE cotton

 

an» 2

 

all: ('Uillllllliilltilllllliii: should be addressed In life udl'or and
I M H‘ dimer. fumes will be withheld upon request
be STATE COLLEGE NEWS assume: no rcsponsthllln
for opinions expressed in in: columns or eonnmrulcullolln
n such expression. do not necessul‘lll’ reflect us View

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY'ZZ, 1946

m: :

 

Class Of '48

Slates Banquet

Tomorrow Night ‘

Helen Kisicl Will Act
As M. C. For Event

The class of ’48 will celebrate its
second year at; State with a ban-
quet tomorrow night in the ball
room of the Ten Eyck Hotel. Dr.
Harvey Rice, Professor of History,
is guest. speaker.

Dr. Charles Currien Smith, Pro-
fessor of Education, Dr. Ralph G.
Clausen, Professor of Biology, and
Agnes Futterer, Assistant Professor
of English, have also accepted in-
vitations to be guests of the Soph-
omore class.
l-lildreth General Chairman

Sue Hildreth, ’48. general chair-
man of the affair, says, “A first
class dinner and lots of fun await;
every ’48cr who comes.” Helen
Kisicl. ’48. is Mistress of Ceremonies
for the evening". Entertainment.
under the direction of Helen Kisiei
will include a “movie premiere, radio
celebrities, screen personalities and
a Hedda Hopper interview.” Miss
Hopper, played by a member of the
Sophomore. class, will have her mi-
crophone in front of the theatre,
give it fast; line in her well-known
style and then will talk to the vari-
ous stars of stage, screen and radio,
portrayed by class members, as they
enter the theatre for the premiere.
Following this will be the mpvic
premiere.

The committees for the banquet
are as follows: Chapcrones, Wilma
Dlehl, chairman, Rita Shapiro and
Virginia Dowd; Entertainment,
Helen Kisiel, chairman, Ellen Fay,
Edith Dell, Eloise Worth, and Ele-
anor Holbig; Arrangements, Jean
Connor, chairman. Elizabeth Cava-
naugh, Beverly Free, and Annalee
Levine.

The admission price of $1.50 may
be paid at any time before Friday
to some member of the arrange-
ment committee or at the door be-
fore the banquet. All Sophomores
have been urged to attend.

Breish To Review Books
At Next Forum Meeting

Selma Kreisberg, '46, Speaker of
Forum, has announced that Made-
lyn Breish, '48, will review several
modern books at a Forum meeting
Wednesday, at 3:30 P. M. in the
Lounge.

The books were sent to Forum by
the International Relations Clubs
Sponsored by the Carnegie Institute
of New York City. Forum is also
planning to attend an evening ses-
sion of the New York State Legis—
iature some time in March. Miss
Kreisbcrg has asked that. all lllosc
are interested contact her as soon
as possible.

There was an open meeting for
all vctct'nns Wednesdny. when a
round table discussi'm was held on
problems brought up by the veter-
llllii

Name/tied

Ht'lllm‘ ("loss \‘icc-l'rcsideui
'lo -- r— l
(Qllrilu iiii
'3
.\Ulllllll'(‘\ Distributions
l ‘1

llo‘. 1'} .
Mrl‘r'rrnn Ii?) it")
Matt lut‘ thl' lit)
\\'tll"ll'\ Lill ‘

'totol 71* 7""

l'Ilnnnnttctl by :.lulr-|ncn| of |ll'i'i'

err-1m» in llt't'lll‘(illllt‘t' \\‘llll l\"lll_lttl"
Minor ()t'tict' l’lnn
’“ilct'nusc of lit', oin- t':ll|tiltl:lll'
was clhnilmtcd by lot
Delegates to New York ('il)
( oni'ereucc
ti’l-l — -- l
(.QIllrlal' iiiill
')
Nominees Distributions
Senior (‘luss i 2 ll
Curler 105
Davis .  ill
Mather ,.  07
l'nssow  .  .. . 300
Blanks ...... .. 1

"I‘otal   .. _ . .. 074

Do Facts Justify ﬂnti-oz'w'seclion Bil/.9

Again this year the State Legis-
lature faces the Antl~vivlsection
Bill. Already vetoed by the Senate
Committee, the bill is now in the
hands of the Assembly Committee.

During last year’s session of the
Legislature, the Antl-vivlsection
bill, which seeks to abolish medical
experiments on living dogs, was
passed by a 30 to 9 majority in the
Senate. Just before the session
closed the bill was vetoed by the
Assembly Committee. This year the
issue has again arisen and lobbying
is strong on both sides.

Clarence E. Richards, Managing
Director of the National Anti-vivi-
seetion Society, published an article
in Popular Pcls Mar/(mine calling
viviscction, “Murder For Science.”
True, viviscction, if it can be called
that, is for science but there is
much debate as to whether or not
it can be called murder. Is it mur-
der to painlessly inflict disease (will
physical ailments on dumb animals
it‘ll/H such infliclions leads In (t
lonm‘r, Incl/liter life for man.”

In the first place the name “vivi-
ser-tlon" is in itself misleading. Vivi—
sect ion moans cutting alive. Ac-
cording to Dr. Edward R. Cuniffee
in an address to a branch of the
Stntc l‘r'fcllicul Society only ten per
cent of medical experiments were
illiltlt‘ on living animals. Dr. An-
drcw C. Ivy, Director of the De-
purtmcnt of Physiology at North-
western University, stated, “Vivi—
section is an unfair word. It im-
plies pitilcss, unnecessary examina-

Deboie Council
Plans To Review
Jewish Problem

Two teams of the State College
Debate Council will hold a debate
Thursday at 3:30 P. M. in Room
100. The topic will be: “Resolved:
That there should be unrestricted
Jewish immigration into Palestine."

The. two teams selected to debate
Thursday will be those who attended
the Syracuse meeting last Week. The
“Oregon Plan” of debate, which is
relatively new at State, will be used.
Miss Davis has urged that. all fresh-
man and Sophomore tryouts for De-
bate Councll attended this meeting
as an explanation and discussion of
this new method will be given then.

Dr. Roland C. Burton, professor
of English and advisor to Debate
Council, will begin coaching fresh-
man candldntes for the rivalry de-
bate team.

Burton will hold a meeting at.
some future date to give instruction
in preparing and delivering speech-
us, When the actual freshman ri—
valry team hns been chosen, or-
outlived coaching will be given by
members of Debate Council.

A debate will be held with the Col—
lI'ge of St. Rose on April 11 at 7:30
P M. in the Lounge. The topic of
dt-hutc has not yet. been chosen.

7adula1e’on

.Iunior ('luss l 2 3 ‘l
Axclt'otl 120 l51 1'77
llntzt'l‘l \' iii) . ..
[fill 235 246 279 363
lx’tnqni i'lh lllf) 2209 299
\\"tll‘.‘»lltl\\’ '71 “3
lilnni-zs ii ii i) 12
'lt ml ti'l-l ti’l‘l ti'l‘l 6'74

Hell-gulch to tit-nesco (‘ont'erl-ncc

Fl'illtli' (Il.I\N l ‘3

l‘flltrl if?)

Milrnli 1521.")

Sullivan Ilfitl

lllnnlt. :x

’l‘iilzll li'l'l

.lunior (‘luss

licnllt-y lfif) l7?! fifl‘l Li‘lil 338
(‘onlcy 113‘.) lliti 151) 184
(‘ooii 'll

Hutchinson tl-l tl-l

iinupp ill iii) l2~l
bushlnsliy Nil 17] lilll 234 328
lilunlts Li 2 ti '7
'l‘olul .ti’l‘l (5'74 074 0'“ 674

Sophomore (‘luss
Baldwin .  133

Gilbert.  185
Willliuns  350
Blanks  8

Total   6'74

tion. Actually we exercise the hu-
maneness and care that are used in
any grade A hospital.”

An excerpt from the Boston Eve-
ning Transcript states that scien-
tists are getting too absorbed in
animals and aren't paying enough
attention to human beings. Instead,
it is inferred, scientists should work
on humans. After all, what is the
life of a man in comparison to the
life of a dog?

Another statement of Dr. Ivy’s
relates that over eighty per cent
of modern diagnostic and therapeu-
lie knowledge can be traced to ani-
mal experimentation. These “de-
fenseless” animals often do die, it
is true, but an eighty per cent in-
crease in medical knowledge seems,
to the scientist, to warrant these
deaths.

Scientists can relate lengthy lists
of advancements made through ex-
periments on dogs. Insulin, Bant-
ing’s aid for diabetes, is but one
of these major strides. Work has
been done on hormones, shock, per-
fection of operating technique and
many other medical problems.

Sister Fidcs Shepperson, a Penn—
sylvania leader in the humane
movement, protests against this
"cruelty which finds outlet in man's
abuse of his right over animals."
She refers to those “wretched vie-
tims now writhing in the torture
chambers of vivisection laborator-
ies." ’I‘o such remarks as this, the
pertinent reply would seem to be
that the scientists of today are

lGC To Resume
Bi-Weekly Class

Members To Address
Presbyterian Group

The Inter—Group Council Semi-
nar, directed by Alice Williams, ’48,
will resume its bi-weekly meetings
on Tuesday at 3:30 p. m. A group
of students representing the IGC
speakers’ panel will address the
women's supper meeting at the First
Presbyterian Church at; the corner
of State and Willet. Streets on Mon—
day, March 4, at 6 p. m. IGC will
also sponsor a folk festival on April
6 in the gym of Page Hall.

Williams Chairma.’ n

The topic for discussion at the
first, meeting of the seminar this
semester will be “What Do We
Really Think of Each Other?" Miss
Williams succeeds Gerhardt. Wein-
berg. ‘47. as chairman of the semi—
nar group. The place of the meet-
ing will be announced in assembly
today.

Lorna Kunz. ’47, chairman of the
IGC Speakers" Panel, will be assist-
ed on Monday by Lee Chentham, ’49,
Eloise Worth, ’48, and Thelma El-
llot, '46. Miss Kunz will discuss the
work of the Council before opening
the discussion on “What Do We
Know About. Living Together?" The
members of the team will be guests
at a supper before the meeting.

Folk Festival

At the folk festival, the different.
nations of the world will be repre—
sented in various ways. Distinctive
costumes will be worn by members
of the Council. and exhibits of
inimihrork und pictures will be on
display. Well-known dishes and

' trinkets of some of the countries

will be sold at. booths. There will
l)t‘ folk and square (lnnc'mg design-
l‘ll for nudlcncc purtlcipation. Sev-
eral students who are of foreign
(ll-scent will participute in it pro—
gram to illustrate the customs of
thc countries they will represent.
(‘clcnn Axelrod. '40. is chairman of
the festival. and will be nssisted by
Lois Hutchinson and Alice Kunpp.
Juniors. and Ruth Scelbuch '48.

CENTRAL
Barber Shop

2310 (‘entral Avenue Albany, N. Y.

 

 

 

Central

Vacuum Repair Shop

form czurmu. AVE. ALBANY. N. Y.
PHONE 4-0247

 

 

much too busy trying to increase
the life span of these “animal lov-
ers” to waste their time uselesst
abusing animals.

This is still America and the gov-
ernment is still "of the people."
State representatives vote the way
their voters tell them to vote. It is
now up to thegeneral public, in-
cluding college students, to let their
representatives know how they feel
about this vital issue.

Name Hopkc Coach
ln Milne High School

Dr. John M. Sayles, President of
the College, has announced the ad-
dition of Mr. William Hopke, Grad-
uate Student, to the Physical Edu-
cation Department. Dr. Sayles will
also attend a conference Thursday
through Saturday of the National
Association of State Teacher’s Col-
leges at Cleveland, Ohio.

Hopke will be substitute assistant
to Coach Merlin Hathaway, Physical
Education Instructor. until the re-
turn of Mr. Harry Grogan, former
instructor here and now in the
Armed Forces. Physical education
instruction for Milne High School
Students will be given by I—Iopkc
while Hathaway will coach all com-
petitive athletic teams at Milne and
at. State.

Teaching for veterans and the
place of education in social institu-
tions will be discussed at. the Con-
ference to be attended by Dr. Sayles.

 

JOINT RELIGIOUS MEETING

This coming Thursday night, Feb-
ruary 28, SCA and Hillel will hold
a joint meeting in the Lounge at
eight o’clock.

Reverend William McConaghy
will be the speaker. His subject. will
be Bases of Many Protestant. Sects.”

On February 14, Rabbi Moseson.
Hillel’s adviser, spoke on Jewish
customs and traditions.

Following the talk there will be
a question period during which Rev-
erend McConaghy will answer any
queries.

Harriet; Brinkman, president of
SCA, and Joseph Palevsky, head
of Hillel, have urged all members to
attend.

State Fair Draws
Record Crowd

With an attendance, of approxim-
ately 700 people and a monetary re-
turn of $441.55, the College's fourth
annual state Fair was acclaimed "a
success” by Eloise Worth, '40, chair-
man of State Fair. The Fair, held
Saturday night, drew a record-
breaking crowd of students, faculty
members and outsiders. .

Prizes were awarded to the best
concession, show and the show tak-
ing in the most money. On the
faculty committee of judges were:
Ellen C. stokes, Dean of Women,
Dr. Shields McIlwaine, Professor at
English, and Dr. Margaret L. Hayes,
Assistant Professor of Education.
For the most. outstanding show,
Sayles Hall’s “Duffy’s Tavern,” was
the winner. Newman Hall's “Unit-
ed Novelties” received first prize
for taking in the most. money, and
Moreland Hall’s "Toll Gate" won
first prize for the best concession.

Individual group returns were as
follows:

   
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 

Beta Zeta. .......................... .. $16.50
Phi Delta ...... ..  4.37
Kappa Delta ..  11.75
Psi Gamma ........... ..  16.96
Gamma Kappa Phi ...... .. 17.88
Alpha Epsilon Phi

and. States-Men .......... .. 48.41
Chi Sigma Theta   14.33
Pierce Hall ....... ..  30,80
Sayles Hall .... .. 42.84
Newman Hall  43.11
Moreland Hall 30.16
Wren Hall 30.97
Stokes Hall .... .. 10.75
Farrell House 18.21
Sayles Annex ..... .. 20.38
St. Thomas More 17.56
Hillel ..................... .. 35.35
Myskunia ............. .. 10.52
Commuter’s Club  . 14.00
Student Council .............. .. 6.70

$441.55

The grand finale was the crown-
ing of the State Fair “Queen,”
Frank Woodworth, ’47. His atten-
dants were Virginia Day, ’47, Edna
Sweeney, ’47, Leona Emmerling. '49,
and Lorna Kunz, '47. The nylons
raffled off by Student. Council were
won by Jean Griffin, ’47. Mary
Seymour’s sister, Bozz, won $2.00 by
guessing the time the clock went
off at the Sayles Annex booth.

'And So It Goes,’ Frosh Big-8,
Features 7917 Paris Cole Scene

The setting is the homey, happy
surroundings of a church box social
in 1917. the boy is Harold Mills, the
girl, Rose Berg, and the combina-
tion, the basis of the Frosh Big 8
musical. This flashback scene to
the first World War in “And So It.
Goes" is the result. of the anxious
state of mind in Joe Zanchelli (Bill)
who has just returned from over-
seas duty and is wondering whether
or not he should make the break
with bachelor-hood. In making
this decision, he turns to his fath-
er‘s counsel. When Jerry Willlnk,
who plays the part of the mature
Jim, is presented with the prob-
lcm, he is emphatically opposed to
Bill’s marriage. To prove his point:
he recalls his own youthful experi-
once in the simllnr world of 1917.

Reminiscing. he remembers the
delight with which he and his tel-
low recruits accepted the invitation
to a church box social. Here he
bid on the box that. introduced him
to Martha. and they got acquainted
to the melodies of the male. quintet.
tli‘rcdcrick Baron. Donald Dickin—
son, li‘ruuk Grinsey. Alexander
Monro, and Harold Story) tout the
sextet of girls (Susanne Anderson,
ltilit'l*ll lluyt-s, Jenn Mchbc, Arline
Moshicr. Mary Oduk, and Theresa
Hulutuouc).

‘l‘hcn the scene changes to the
soplilstlcutitm of a Paris cafe and
the time to 1018. Here Jim and his
now seasoned comptu til‘t‘lllli of
home and sweethearts to the tunes
of the chorus and soloists. uccont-

MADISON SWEET SHOP
785 Madison Ave
'l‘asiy and Delicious
Sandwiches

and Lunches

Dial 2-9733

 

 

panied by the fresh trio with Audrey
Adolphson, accordion, E l e a n o r
Ames, sax, and Margaret Heﬂner,
cello. Sandy Monro, the headwait-
er, keeps an eye on his coquettlah
singing waitresses, Ellen Sargent
and Jean Ineson. and Charlie Miller.
holds forth on the guitar. An Eng-
l.shman and a Frenchman, Harry
O‘Meara and Bob Coutu, also pro-
vide interesting interludes.

The point of this tale is not.
whether the homeward-bound Jim
got the girl, or whether Bill made
the plunge. but that. the Fresh Big
8 musical “And So It Goes,” di-
rected by Robertson Baker and
Harold Mills, will be presented in
Page Hull Auditorium Saturday,
March 2. at 8:30 p. m. Admission
price will be $.35.

 

fiiltiil FOOD

In a li‘t‘lt‘lltiij',
('tnll l'ol‘i :liiie

Atmosphere

WESTERN AT
QUAIL.

 

 

 

  

   

