\t’d'

\i

 

 

i

t

 

PAUE Z

OpiniOn . . .

(Issue EDITOR’S Nora: This week the editorial

“we” becomes the editorial “I.")

While at work last weekend, l was forced out
of my smug and comfortable shell by a query of
a customer: She wondered how the Russian “sit-

uation" would affect her shopping problems;

whether she would still be able to purchase certain
items and how much would they cost. Her query
surprised me, angered me and started me think-
ing—in turn. I was surprised to learn that some
people had already accepted another war as an
inevitable fact and because they accepted it as

inevitable l was angered. l refuse to believe that
because it has been impossible to prevent war in

the past, it will be equally impossible in the fu-

ture. l refuse to understand why energy which

could be so profitably directed toward seeking

permanent world peace should be so dissipated by
assuming to be inevitable a fact which could lead
only to permanent chaos and disaster. I refuse
to acknowledge the belief that Russia's motives
can so differ from ours that after so many years
of such horrible warfare she could deliberately
provoke another war which could only preface
the end of all mankind.

There are some situations I don’t pretend to
understand; Russia has recently committed acts
which seem close to aggression. I neither condone
these acts nor apologize for them, but feel rather
we are making no effort to appreciate Russia’s
position—her need for security in a world over
which we hold the atomic bomb.

 

Which of the following statements best expresses
your attitude toward United States' relations with

Russia:

No. Pct.
Believe that war between the two
nations is inevitable and only a
matter of a short time ...................... .. 38 9.9%
agree with Churchill that an
Anglo-American pact should be
established to defend ourselves
against Communism. ....  .................. .. 23 5.9%
believe that cooperation between
the United States and Russia can
be attained. ......................................................... .. 232 60.3%
realize that we have to make some
concessions to Russia which she
feels are absolutely essential to
her security. ...................................................... .. 57 14.8%
believe we should cater to and
appease Russia in all her de-
mands.  0 0%
Six persons declined to comment and thirty

(1

v

(2

v

(3

v

(4

v

(5

V

 

persons (7.7%) voted for a combination of 3 and 4.

 

 

How does State College feel about the situa-
tion? With whom do the students' sympathy lie?
Do they agree with Churchill that a military
alliance between the United States and Great llrit-
trio is necessary as a bulwark against the spread
of Communisiic philosophy? Hence the question-
naire which was circulated the early part of the
week—«an attempt to discover what State College
students thought of l'niled Slatcs' relations with
Russia. Such a poll could gain authenticity only
if a large number of students Were asked their
opinions and since approximately 1100 students
were approached, we can feel fairly sure that any
generalizations we make will be sound.

Sixty per cent of State College students feel
that we can cooperate with Russia, and the per-
centage becomes even greater when We add the
percentage of students who feel that the United
States must make some concessions to the Soviet
Union. if the students were sincere in voting for a
cooperative attitude and did not make the choice
merely because they felt it was expected of them,
i commend them.

This editorial was not written by a paid pro-
pagandist of the Soviet Urilonwbut rather by one
who believes that the attempt to achieve complete
democracy in this country should be. an ultimate
goal.

This editorial was written by one who spent

three years In the Army and wouldn’t partic-
ularly enjoy experiencing a repeat performance.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS.

College Calendar

Friday, March 22-—

 

FRIDAY. MARCH 22. 1946

11:00 A. M.——Business meeting in assembly. Continued discussion of
proposed constitution. New motion on temporary judiciary

body to be presented.

8:00 P. M.—Statesmen to sponsor Vic party in the Lounge.

Saturday, March 23——

9:00 P.M.—Jonquil jump in Pierce Hall Inglc Room.

Sunday, March 211—-

3100 P. M.—-SCA Lenten Lecture in Stokes Hall. Dr. Raymond Cloe

will speak.

Tuesday, March 26——

0:00 A.M.———Sophomore Testing Program. Page Hall Auditorium.

7:30 P.M._._Meeting of Pan Amigos in the Lounge. Mrs. Francisco
Cordona will speak on Nicaraugua. Discussion period and

refreshments.

8:00 P. M.—-Frosh Club open discussion in Room 2 Richardson. Topic:
"What is Wrong With SCA.”

Wednesday, March 27—

All Day ~Seniors to sign up for patron list in Pedagoguc.

7:30 P.M.—Mat.h Club meeting in Room 101 Draper. Carmela Russo
and Doris Ives, Seniors, to speak.

7:30 P. M.—~Compulsory meeting of SCA‘s first cabinet. Room 20, Rich-

ardson.

Thursday, March 28—

2200 P. M.——Myskania sponsored student-faculty tea in Lounge.

Daily . . . . . . . .—

Order Pedagogues in lower hall of Draper.
Seniors to hand in pictures to Mary Louise Casey, ’46.

Wednesday and Thursday—

Tickets for Arnold House raffle on sale in lower hall of

Draper.

 

Gal/eye Glade-«114

By CULLINAN dz HILT

 

Three Cheers

State, the fair; State, the lovely;
State, the lily maid of the Atlantic
seaboard. Pardon the exuberance
but it is entirely justifiable after
reviewing the results of the Teach-
ers' College Conference held in New
York last week.

The first seminar attended by
the delegates concerned student
government relations. Although in-
teresting talks were given by var-
ious representatives of the State
Teachers Colleges—our representa-
tives were constantly amazed as
to the degree in which State sur-
passes these other colleges in every
phase of student government.

Of particular note was the discus-
sion on faculty intervention in stu-
dent activities. Surprisingly enough
Geneseo claims that faculty. stit-
dents, and the administration should
combine their efforts in forming an
adequate student. government—fa-
culty ndvisors acting as advisers to
the Student Council. administrators
assuming legal duties and publicity.
students organizing and controlling
various student activities. Miss
Cook. the speaker from Geneseo,
caused further consternation on the
part. of our delegates when she sta-
ted that student. government. “should
not. be entirely In the hands of the
studontr —-«- they don’t expect. that.
much responsibility."

The representative from Frost.-
bnrg. Maryland. dovoiirit,r her en-
tire speech to the problem of faculty
supervision. presented her school as
the “horrible example" of too much
faculty control, in that. the pro-
TtlHHtll'H' voto dctorminon the legisla-
tive trends in the school and is also
considered in the selection of the
President of their Strident Board. In
spite of such control even she would
not accept. the idea. of no faculty
supervision, believing that. the fa-
culty ndvisco system is the ideal
situation.

Hliuro llit

At. the end of the panel discus-
sion “Slackiu” caused quite a stir
among the representatives when she
challenged the idea. that college stu-
dents did not expect full roaponrii»
billty for student government, bau-
ing her challenge on State’s stu—
dcnt government completely free
from faculty control. A» thin dia-
cutrsion progressed amidst murmurs
oi Incredulouu disbelief, Slackle In

defending State, revealed many
more progressive ideas of our gov-
ernment. Doubt still prevailed.

Progressive as State is, we did have
to join with the other delegates in
the problem of assembly cuts. Var-
ious methods of combating the sit-
uation were discussed such as pro-
viding more publicity, imposing
"campus" restrictions, and lowering
of academic marks, but no final so-
lution was hit upon. In fact at one
point the discussion centered upon
the idea of charging admission to
assemblies for the purpose of rais-
ing money and stirring up interest.
This way. given enough time (10,-
000,000,000 years or so) State might
be able to lay the foundation for
their Student. Union.

We Dood It

In the inter-racial conference on
improving race relationships in the
United States through education,
State again loci the way. Many of
the Ideas incorporated in our I.G.C.
were stressed by the panel speakers
such as examining textbooks to u-
bollsh stereotyping minority groups.
reviewing the curriculum with in-
ter-group education as a goal, and
stressing social integration in extra
curricular activities.

Along this Inter-racial line came
the surprise of the conference. It,
happened at. the business meeting of
the Board of Control. It seems that.
there is a clause in the organiza-
tion's rules of procedure that “any
member of the Delegate Body in at
liberty to submit proposals for con-
siderntiorr ol' the Asstwintion.”
However. never before has the
clause been invoked by any student.
member of the Association, Natur-
ally lt. was quite a blow to the nus-
toro board when a student. proposal
was brought before them. Mrs. Ii.
Pass-ow presented the idea of estab-
lishing inter-racial courses in all.
tenclior-training institutions and
making students aware of such in-
ter—group difficulties. Having passed
this motion. the chairman corn-
inondcd the Albany delegation for
Its active participation and expres-
aod a desire for more student por-
tlcipation in the future.

Thus the conference ended with
the delegates also taking advantage
or the cultural facilities provided
by the great city of New York. (For
more "interesting dctails"——aco the
delegates).

.‘Lm
and
flick.

 

By MINDY WARSHAW —-—————-__.___.

WHO IS NOAH WEBSTER?

dictionary—a word of reference in which the words
of a language or of any system or pi'ovinCe of know-
ledge are entered alphabetically and defined; a lex-
icon.——Noah Webster.

Following is an endeavor to glvo a work of refer-
ence In which the words of a language or of any sys-
tem of province of knowledge are entered alphabetic—
ally and defined; a lexicon of State College.~—Marilyn
Warshnw.

WORDS EVERY STATE COLLEGIAN SHOULD

KNOW

amorous manifestolion—something that is not prac-
ticed in the Lounge.

asphyxiationﬂwhat you could die from after a half
hour in the Library.

assembly —— business meetings sometimes conducted
here; mostly a place where the elite meet to eat
meat and pickle sandwiches and read newspapers.

Bord—the place where. if Prseldent Sayles sees you
three at 11 A. M. on Friday. what you're eating does-

n't taste so good any more.
bllll session—synthetic homework: you can ration-

alize after indulging in one, saying that you learned

more from it than you would have from your text-
book anyhow (but try telling it to your prof. the
next day—.1

campus—come in late three nights in a row and you'll
find out.

claustrophobia~state resulting from overexposure to
the Recovery Room.

Commons—this is where Romeo stands on the bal-
cony and Juliet pines below.

cut—nothing that you can indulge in, brother—around
here It's just something done with scissors or knife.

fancy—something a young man possesses. It turns
to thoughts of Love around this time of year, so
keep your hair curled, Gertrude.

gripbsomething which, if you go for more than two
days without doing it, your roommate thinks you're
sick and calls the housemother.

gym class—castigation for naughty Juniors.

hunger—what you're strictly from after a nine-cent
hors d'oeuvre in the Annex.

late permission—unfair privilege allowed only to girls
with long-distance boyfriends.

love life—something your friends can't mind their
own but sure have a lot to say about yours.

State College News—“Contrary to the . . ." being a

stlsltéy’lish way to start an assembly announcement.

l’(;l‘.TlRift AND POLITICS

n as week's column, I waxed mse t?) abo i.
Winston Churchill; in this week's I’d lilie- to wax poetilti.
This poem is dedicated not just to Churchill, but to
all those who possess that certain spark of reaction
that lay latent in their hearts, and was set aglow by
Churchill’s saying what they had been sccretl ho -
ing for: I y p

AN EX-G.I. SPEAKS PLAIN ENGLISH TO

CHURCHILL & CO.

I don’t know much about politics~—

You handle all the big deals;

But I know what it is to kill

And how a bullet feels.

You say you really want world peace.

BIIC~~th7itII those lousy Reds!

If we don't look out. you‘re oh. so sure.

They’ll kill us In our beds.

Well, all your Red-baiting just leads to one Iliinu 7

You're kindling the coats to be fired.

(Only, just in case you get. what you want.

You fight. this time, Mister l'm tired).

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May 1916
By the Class of 1918

 

Vol. XXX March 2'2. itliio No, 20
\Iwrnln-r Irrsrrrlrulnr
-\‘»‘Il1‘ll|l|'ll t'iilli-gl.ili- l’r‘t-ss I‘rrllt-glntv lligr-NI
l‘III" 'lll'll‘l'lli'iiduale lII'\\‘v|il|lt'l‘ ot the \eir \rrl'l. Hlnlv-
follow for li'iIl'llt‘I'h; published every Friday ot' the I‘ol
egr- ,\I'.‘Il‘ hr the .\'l'2\\‘.\' lirrlll'il I'or illt' .N‘Iurlnur ,\~<~\|Ir'ill

ilun I'lmnrs: lil'l'lil‘lt'll. “J IilL’llJi'Vn'll. :llriiiln; l"r';I|', 5 Hill:
I‘I'iruen '.' llNTtl

 

The News Board

JOAN D. BEHBRICH . . . .. unrron-iN-cmﬂ'
ELIlABETH 8. O‘NEIL co-untron-iN-CHIIF
ISABEL FEAI‘I uualNeaa MANAGE"
JOSEPHINE MAGGIO CIRCULATION MANAGIH
MARGERY CRAMER onunrromo MANAGIN
MARY SULLIVAN unonru comm
KATHRYN HAGERTY AEHOCIATIK EDI'ION
BERNARD M. BKOLBKY AIIOCIATE calm!
MARY TEBEIER . .. uaocinu carton

W2

Ititilw Editor
BERNARD M. SKOLSKY

All eormnuuicntioun should lie luldl'tilltitl to tho edllor and

 

Ilium ho II and. Names will be withheld u on to until.
11M I’I‘A'f‘ l.‘()llllwuw NEWS “Millie! uu riiriporiufliilitr

Ior oolutout upturned In in column: or corona-lento"
u Inch "prim on: no not WnIuIii‘ rcfiwt in "O'-

 

 

 

St°l°h°lllorlelnBl8TEi9l1i To Enact FomilyHéirSSeek 

i

t

l srar: coataosnawa FRIDAY. MARCH 22. 1946

Romances Of Magnolia Manor

A southern plantation, darkles
humming softly. the scent of mag-
nolia blossoms in the alr~amldst
this setting the Sophomores will
present their Big-8 program Sat-
tu'day. March 30 at 8:15 P. M. in
Page. Hall.

"Leave Her to Grant“ is the story
of life at Magnolia Manor a short
time after the Civil War. The time.
is the Mardi Gras with all its life
and love, with music in the air and
mystery and romance abounding.

Romance flares at: a masked ball
with the love story of Susan Lee, a
beautiful southern belle portrayed
by Dorothy Skelton. and Jim Grant.
a dashing Yankee salesman. enacted
by Francis Mullin. Romance also
reaches out to Moon Yeah (Edith
Delli through the blundering at-
tempts of prim. correct. Grover H.
Wilkinson III, tDale Sullivani the
typical "stuffed—shirt" of the nine-
teenth century. to win the hand of
the young maiden.

Colonel Lee. father of Susan and
Moon Yeah. and a typical old south-

ern gentleman played by Curt Pfaff,
proudly upholds the tradition of the
south and bitterly denounces all
who have had the misfortune to be
born north of the Mason-Dixon line.
With his hatred for all Yankees Col-
onel Lee acids a flavor of the old
South to the whole presentation.
A black-faced chorus will provide
background music as the story en-
i'olds, with Muriel Griffin as lovable
Mammy, and William Baldwin as
Melvin the Negro foreman complet-
ing the east. of principals.

Magnolia Manor would not. be a
typical plantation without music.
and so music is interwoven with
the drama and includes a medley
of songs by Mary Jane Giovononne,
Florence Mace, Justine Maloney and
Florence Wotjal, selections by the
trio. Dorine Holland. Alice Williams.
and Eloise Worth. and dancing by
Sue Hildreth, a ballet by Isabel
Cooper. Marv "looper, Alice Fisher,
Mary Frisk. Jane McCormick, Ber—
nice Shapiro and Catherine Tron-
sor.

 

 

Sophs I To Take

National Exams

Dr. John M. Sayles, President of
the College, has announced that
State will participate in the Na-
tional College Sophomore Testing
program on Tuesday. All Sopho-
mores will be excused from college
classes on that date.

The tests will begin at 9:00 A. M.
in the Page Hall auditorium and
will continue until 5:00 P. M. A
lunch hour from 12:30 to 1:30 will
be provided.

According to Dr. Sayles, these
tests have three valuable princi-
ples: “They will supply data for
further determination of abilities;
they will aid in State's program of
re search connected with high
school scholarship examinations;
and they will make possible a com-
parison of this college and others in
various parts of the country. Pre-
vious classes have co-operated in
similar programs of research and
standardization."

The tests will resemble those tak-
en by the students at the begin-
ning of their freshman year. They
will cover a large range of academic
subjects.

 

Applications For Dorms
Must Be Secured Today

Mrs. Bertha E. Brimmer, Secre—
tory of the Alumni Association, has
announced that applications and
contracts for rooms in Pierce Hull
and cottages and for Suyles Hall
are now being distributed for the
year 1040—47. All npplicutlorrs must
be secured from the alumni office
today. and they must be returned
with a ten dollar deposit before
April fr.

Applications for men who wish to
live in SayIt-s llall Annex and in
Arnold llonse will be distributed be-
tween March thI and Lil). Applica—
tions for lillllllllt‘l' school will be dis-
tributed at. a later date to be nu—
riounccd through the News. Mrs.
lir'irrir'ier also stated that. Suyles
Hall will be used us it residence for
women this summer since i-‘Ierce
llnll is to be renovated during the
suninn-r months.

Alt Exhibit . . . .

(f,«‘tiilllilitt'ti from I’umr 1. Col. I,)

dents. 'New York li'urmﬂ probably
had the appeal of familiar home-
like conditions In and a good coin-
poaitlon of simple every day sub-
ject rnnttcr.

“It. Is significant. that. people who
do not create In a painting medium
seldom choose as their favorite
composition one that. has it tund-
oncy towards radical thinking."

Mica llutclrins added that she
thought that tho atudcnta wom in-
dependent in their judgment and
not unduly Influenced by the choice
already made by the facility and
public.

Veterans To Obtain
Student Fee Tickets

Gloria McFerran, ’46, head of
Student Finance Board, has an-
nounced that all graduate and new
students who haven't secured their
strident fee tickets may obtain them
in Dr. York's office on the third
floor of Draper. All under-graduate
students are required to pay this
student fee but it is optional for
graduate students.

Any veteran who hasn't received
his student fee ticket through the
student mail may secure it in Dr.
York's office.

Any graduate G.I. who wishes a
student fee ticket may obtain one
in Dr. York's office. Graduate 0.
1's are not required to obtain these
tickets but may if they wish to.

Student Finance Board has also
stated that all organizations under
the Student Association budget
must present their itemized bud-
gets to Dr. York or some member
of the Student Finance Board be-
fore Monday, April 1.

To Repurchase
Farrell Mansion

Transactions are now under way
for the sale of Farrell House, a
women's residence hall owned and
operated by the Alumni Association
of State College, to Mrs. Margaret
Farrell Schmidt of. Boston. The
building was willed to the college
in the fall of 1941 by Mrs. Mar-
garet Brady Farrell.

This former mansion located at.
Thurlow Terrace and Western Ave-
nue has been used as a. women’s
group house for the past three years.
The building houses twenty-seven
girls for whom new residences must
be found next year. Because the
building was bequeathed to a mem-
bership organization. a court order
must. be obtained before the pro—
perty can be sold. and though as
yet the court order has not come
through, a completion of transac-
tions is expected soon.

About a year after the mansion
was deeded to Mrs. Bertha Brim-
mer, Secretary of Alumni Associa-
tion. Mrs. Schmidt, daughter of the
late Mrs. Farrell, sought to repur-
chase the home. At first Alumni
Association refused to consider the
offer because it was needed as a
group house. The recent acquisition
of Arnold House definitely leaves
Sayles Hall as a women’s dormitory
and the Alunml Association feels
that it can afford to give up Farrell
House.

The only obligation which the
Alumni Association felt in selling
the property was a moral one. Mrs.
Schmidt, whose husband died sev-
eral years ago. desires to return to
Albany and raise her children in her
former home. Her request to repur-
chase the home have become more
persistent these past two years and
the Alurnnl Association felt it only
right to sell it back to its former
owner.

The building which Is considered
one of Albany's most luxurious pri-
vate residences was built about 1904
by Mrs. Farrell’s father. Anthony N.
Brady, for his daughter, Flora. In
1912 Flora Brady, then Mrs. E.
Palmer Gavitt, was killed in an ac-
cident and her husband and daugh-
ter remained in the house until
1917. Several years later Mrs. Far-

 

Fomous Monologisi Will Return
To Entertain Admirers In Page

Cornelia Otis Skinner. a true
daughter of the American theater
and “its greatest single attraction”
I.) quote it press agent, will adorn
our auditorium on April 3, brought
here by Dramaties and Arts Coun-
l‘il.

Miss Skinner made her debut on
the stage at the age of 15. when a
student. at Baldwin School, In Perm-
sylianin. Encouraged by her (laugh-
ter"s enthusiasm and unmistakable
lulclll, Mrs. Skinner. had volun-
teered In eoiu-lr the girls of Baldwin
In a Sliukespeurenn drama-muner
“Mat-Beth." Otis Skinner, not es-
pecially enthusiastic about his
daughters zest for acting was
heard to remark after this first
attempt. “Well. she certainly hasn't.
a ray of talent. llrunk God!"

llui Unl'lu'llii Skinner was not.
t‘rillVJlI‘t‘fl us her father was. At
Iiryn Muwr' College, she excelled in
her studies besides becoming en-
meshed In its drnnnitic tictlvltles~-
writing as well as acting. It. was
while In college that. she asked it
famous drama critic what she
should do to get on the stage—to
which he replied, "Choose for one
or birth of your parents a celebritch
.unr of last generation."

This advice could not. have been
more apropos for Miss Skinner's
father, Otis Skinner. and her moth-
el'. Maud Durbln Skinner, are as
bright stars as evor adorned the
American surge. After two yours
at. Ilryn anr. Cornelia Otis Skin-
ner and her mother went. to Paris
where she received daily exercises
In diction, vocal training, French
tonvorsntion and other arts doomed
essential for it wouldnbo actress.

After this sojourn, Miss Skinner
was accepted as It member of
George Tyler's stock company In
Washington with such stage favor-
lies as Alfred bunt. Lynn Fion-
tonne. and Helen Hayes. Playing

bit parts, she was not. what is spec-
Iflcally known as, "overpaid." Says
Miss Skinner. “I remember Father
sending Mother a check with this
message: "1‘0 defray the expense of
our tillilglllAll"S earning her own
llving‘l"

But Miss Skinner was not destined
for mediocrity and after a few scu-
sons on the stage where she ne-
qulred technique and gained the
power of projection, she branched
Into a new field which momentarily
secured to be her chosen one.

While In college. Cornelia Otis
Skinner had first developed the
Idea of recording impressions of
t‘tlllll‘lilllol'llllthllS life into a series
of sketches ——< humorous, pathetic.
tender Illltl snlb'ienl. But. not con-
tent with this first success rind
titled with her unquenehnble enthu-
siasm, Miss Skinner went on to
historical costume drnmns for a
single actress and finally to dramas
for a star- wltlr a full company.
Everywhere she has tourcdwncrosa
the United States, Canada, and in
linglnnd. Miss Skinner has been
erected by rust audiences and
widespread acclaim.

Acting. however, is not the least
of Miss Skinner's ability as can
easily be seen by “Our Hearts Were
Young and Guy." This is n hilari-
ous and light-hearted account of
her strident. days in France which
was written In collaboration with a
fellow companion. Emily Kim-
brough. l-icr appearances on the
radio thc likewise been frequent.
and inspiring. Further versatility
can be recognized by the fact that
for her favorite likes she has listed
dogs. licorice. and Ed Wynn!

Perhaps the untiring zest for liv~
Inn and her efforts to approach por-
foction in everything she attempts
tr the secret to the exceedingly full
to I happy life that has been and
still iii Mica Skinner’a.

 

I

Courtesy Knickerbocker News
FARRELL MANSION, which was bequeathed to the Alumni Association
by Mrs. Margaret B. Farrell in 1941 and which has been used as a girl’s
dormitory for the past three years. is now being resold in the Farrell heirs.

 

 

-.-..._._.—.— . .4 ua-

rell pi'L1 by St e house which had
been vault... .-., three years.

After the marriage of her two
children. Anthony Brady Farrell of
Loudonville and Mrs. Schmidt. Mrs.
Farrell spent less and less time in
Albany and wished her home to be
used for a worthwhile purpose”

The house, assessed at $102,000,
was put in perfect condition before
it was bequeathed to the college.
At the time it was considered as a
possible site for a Student Union but
the idea was rejected because of the
high cost of the upkeep.

 

Lashinsky Announces
Statesman Vic Party

Philip Lnshlnsky, '47. President of
the statesmen, has announced that
a Vic party will be held by the
Statesman, tonight in the Lounge
from 8:00 to 11:30 P. M. In addi-
tion. the Siiiteinen have decided to
waive the initiation fee of $3.50 for
new members and allow all men to
participate in activities upon pay-
ment of the regular $1.50 term ns-
sessment.

()tlujr social functions planned
by the statesmen nnd open to all
members this semester include a
picnic at Indian Ladder In May. and
n semi-formal dance on May 11. the
day following MovinuvUp Day.

There will be dancing and re-
freshments iii the Vic l-‘nriy. Rich-
nrd Smith. '47. is general chairman
of the affair

 

Central

Vacuum Repair Shop

Letter To Editor -- -

Dear Editor.

What’s this about dancing? We
weren't quite sure what activity in
the Commons you were referring to.
We men on the balcony aren't any;
we just value our lives—after all
we’re not as young as we used to be.
and our disability insurance doesn’t
cover these matters. When we
dance. we don’t want a review of a
commando course. So, how about.
a few records on the “vic” more our

._.__. speed?

Those Backward Balcony Boys.

_,__._————————-

Seniors Secure Positions

Seven state students have re-
cently secured teaching positions
through the Student Employment
Bureau. according to Mr. Paul Bul-
ger. director of the Bureau.

Those Seniors obtaining employ-
ment are: Mcgaret Worsley. Eng-
lish. Holland Patent; Robert Loucks,
Delmar. English, Drnrnatics; Anita
Leone, Social Studies, Bridge Hamp-
ton: Barbara Reiff, Latin and Eng-
lish, Pine Bush: James Miner. Mo-
lhernutlcs, Pine Bush: Robert Meek-
er, Commerce, Mohawk; Mary Honk,
Science. Grccnvllle.

“—

PHOTOGRAPH

Iiupliente Prints may be secured
at. all times

Discount prices in effect till May

lr‘llins retained for at least
5 years

The Lloyd Studio

 

 

 

GEORGE D. JEONEY. PRCI".

BOULEVARD

lDB‘ZOO CENTRAL AVEN UK

 

I‘D  Z. Y. . . . ,
\oi _ ttNIllAL AVI ALBAN N Y M Jr“ Street phone
PHONE 4024'] Troy. N. Y. Troy 1008
DIAL 5-1913

The most of the Best
for the Least

GAFETERIA

ALIANY. N. V.

 

 

 

 

i

it

- rum

 

