 
  

  
  

   

*.  cosmos News; shinny. censuses so. me

 .‘ I Opinions Invited . ~. .

The STATE COLLEGE NEWS will continue to serve
as a medium of expression for student opinion as
it has done in the past. 'In order to give members
of Student Association a direct voice in the dis.
cussion of any subject—controversial or otherwise
—we offer the use of our columns to anyone who
has something to say.

    

' . j - STATE COLLEGE NEWS l
Established my 191 o' '
By the Class of 191. '.

‘ September 20, 1040 No. l
' » ' V : »  Member . Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest
The undergraduate news aper of the New York State Col-
lege ‘for Teachers; “publshed every Friday of the college
car by the wac Board for the Student Association.
honesz-Tessler, 3-0538; Lusock, 8-1811: Ponder, Dunlay,
2-0120. - ,

. The News Board
MARY ll. 'rlsoilis - . . . .
IIRNARD M. sxouxv i .
ANN Luoeoit ' i, . .
PATRICIA sHIIHAN . . . . .

   

Letters to the editor are welcome and will be
printed promptly in the first issue after they are
received. We ask only that writers observe a few

simple rules.

 

lDI'l'OI-lN-CNII'
MANAGING EDITOR
IUIINIII MANACIR
IPOR'I'I EDITOR

 

‘

has hglﬁ

Letters must be placed in the News box or given
to a board member by Tuesday night. All com-

 

VI'RGINIA DAY . . . . . siloan Iniron
f;§°';,,$“"" ' Z '_ I _   munications must be signed, but the writer’s name
union»: emcee cunx - AlloclATl Iniron ommmmumu will be withheld upon request. Because of limited
y’ll'Om “1° MaYl"“° °‘ E'qul" . space, we cannot accept letters of more than 200
® 9
2 “He never could hold a job—now he s been discharged words. Outside of that, anything goes.

 

from the Army!”

 

All communications should be addressed to the editor and
must be signed. Names will be withheld upon request.
The STATE COLLEGE. NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions expressed in its columns or communications
as such expressions do not necessarily reflect its view.

A Word To The Wise . .' .

September, as usual, has brought the inevitable
new crop of freshmen to State, and we would like
to add our welcome to the many that are coming
their way from all sides this week.

You members of 1950 have hit college at a try- 35' mm” SKOLSKY
ing time. College entrance is at a premium every- “INTRODUCTION”

where these days, and those that were accepted mm Eheddﬁllfs :fdtge 300% K1313 Ar; 6   I W
- _ _ ur an e a neon ll evere - . . .
may conﬁde? themselves lUCkY Plenty Of PYOSPCC after the bramwork of the day was B P Interest was manufactured at spec1ﬁed times listed
y WORTH and ROCKFORD in the college calendar—Campus Day, class sing,

tive students were left waiting at the mailbox be- done, the knights used to fold up
We a l°t 0" 0th" thlngs haI" Big-8 and a few others. It disappeared with the

Rivalry Traditions 7

It would seem that veterans aren’t the only thing
returning to State after a wartime absence. The apa-
thetic substitute for Rivalry which we have endured
for the last three years is about to be replaced by
the real thing.

3W
7.
Wald

 

 

Recent rivalry has been a passing thing at best,
flaring up ocassionally but dying quickly. Sustained
spirit was just another item on the shortage list.

 

cause there was no room for them. Just remember the round table and put it away.

that because you are here, someone else is not They they “01‘ 011” an Oval Shaped 1 -
. ' . _ pen ng around here, this column . . . .
Make the most of your opportunity while you have ggogglcglxg sgvﬁégzlgi’ﬁdalog; will be written in a manner pew- F rosll beanies on Thanksgivmg and reappeared With
It- weel) over it, and brought out the ﬁgﬁuf: Sggtghsgﬁﬁe t3" vigil,” hcere‘ them again in Mal/-
. . -, , urr
During your first week here you have probably nggfntgut‘ﬂ; ngl‘f’lzngegﬁe 121$}le it up a bit, First of an we've as}:
been discouraged or disguested more than once wrth went out to get their ladies fan. and aided to give a few tips to the un-

all the confusion about registration, rooms and bring them back to the castle m, suspecting (1’) Frosh with due r6-

With enlarg rd classes and increased male enroll-

ment there is no reason why the rivalry tradition

classes. Before you pass judgment on State, how. dinner and an evening or entertalri- spec“ 3” 03““ Nash- can’t resume its former importance and si nii‘icance
ever consider the other side of the story Registra- ment' When they returned’ they Domes. Alias the RIP” ’ g '

, , . 0,. would you like to loan on a on campus. We dont advocate a “blood in the

. . . . . always found the table set and two

tion has shot up thls year and faculties have not purple candles (burning at, both bar? gutter” type of program, but rivalry piishball and
kept pace—shortages of everything from beds to ends) all ready for them, so when Cafeteria: Is your bank account similar 1 1- d h -
teachers have made it impossible to provide ade. the ladies were ready to be seated. decreasing faster? Or did you ega lze mfly em woum be a Shot m the
quat ﬂy for so many new students. girl}: iggigiggswguuggglig 315311; 22:33, Eggs your summer at the As. arm to another vanishing tradition.

This situation is by no means restricted to our gneGbowed his hdeJnd Sill: €320.08. Fro? slump: A paradise for fish!
campus. Colleges everywhere are deluged under the ° "‘09 came 58" W 3 hey " ﬂue“ who wrote thisb!
wave of  l,ooo,ooo seeking higher education labors. lifffebtttn‘t‘ff "disputationan: “"999 “lend” ' ' ' -
under the GI bill. Special schools have been set up from a huge iron cauldron which Commons: It used to be a ballroom Hum“ September 2°
at the former Sam son Naval Trainin station and hung 0"“ the 098“ over! She lulled floor. Too 5 n t b ' .

- i p - . - 8 out the first course, which was soup. boudwoor. 00 0 e a mans 12‘00 noon and 1:004:00 1" M' sophommes Who

in Ut ca, many area institutions have formed extra wisht 1 g i
. . . , After the knights and their ladies Library: If you really lke to stud 0”“ “P °r “’0” 0“ “‘0 NEWS

evfmnﬂ 3653b“: and Sindents are lleg lnevel')" cupped their soup, they swallowed This place is sure a. body y, may do so m the PO‘

Sung from reconvened chicken coops to house- gheell‘iédsamd,t€;s§edmwggs thaerllrd flare, m (I’I‘hes;h?*&llmll summer colds) 7:30 P. M.—Ohurch receptions for freshmen spOn-

°a ‘ . their hamburgers, which was the 1moly'whote :ulgdiilgeorwlllldﬂillllt sored by SCA' Members of the cm“

Prepare yourselves, Frosh, because this is only main dish. with onions. Then there test! - $12115" wm meet m from or Draper
the beginning of your trouble. There’s the lime was a slight pause during which Bout: You ought». have more sense. '

item of classes and consequent homework that may xiglﬁaﬂgdgygaﬂc gtﬁgéloﬁugﬁ; 3:11:31 318’ 1313336

cut into your free time—roughly 12 hours out of Excalibur did a to
I p dance. A minute Whou - on have b t f '
24—but others have done it before, so maybe you later. Grace came in with the (165- Ellaﬂﬂcmalll rings: Ville dlitrill 
can too. Newcomers (and others who have been 5:” thl‘txl” “n “ssmment' 3" ly kmwi but Y0“ 0“" as“ HEW-
here longer and should know better) have a tomb ringe pm y on a Silver platter’ kins' Du'm' BMW)" Hm'vey'
l _ I o choicest nutmeats (flom Persia). Vimincrstcdt. Bernstein Gi'ode
ency to fat classes degenerate into an extra-curricu- So, believe it or not (the latter (Cont’d next week) ' '
lar actiVity. Instead they major in bridge in the 3311131151? the W1391'0h0109) 1518mm *Pluce 01’ Ill Ronnie.
Commons and minori o _ - - is u once etc that we derive And while w ' h ' -
D ’ . n C ffee drinking iii the Bowl. the expression “anytmng from soup formation wo‘nobrti agidlllllg out In SATURDAY, September 21
ont let this happen to you—until you re sure to nuts", It meant originally the changes made iiirilllll 0 giht a low
you can handle it. variety of courses that were served, Juno, (my S “co mat
from the be innin . or the sou .

Then there’sthe problem of social life—and it the last. or lilo hugs. But as “130;?  dl'ttlllll Ellal:;:iilﬁllollflllrlluuglr
can become qiiite a problem. The social calendar pmssm“ Passe-d down through tho 11000011 the good time the Wl‘OClglll‘i-l .
listed in Your Frosh handbook tells only half the ﬁxing; 03$,” tgtiaguvgl “ bmn‘llel‘ gm “twins with all the stores on MONDAY- “New”? 23
Star I 7, er sh. . ‘ . _ , . 0 mny 11- roadway? The St. Mar 's 13 ll . ‘

y Lv y ow, every program listed the“. lll cludo between the soup and the Project (tho home (or drum};  4'30 P“ M“My“‘k“‘”“ “’1” “1mm” “ “‘“mm” “‘11”

volvcs hours of rehearsal and buck-stage prepara- nuts ii great variety of subjects, not that is) is halfway between here m Rlcmr‘lson' “"“mdl‘lwly “n”

tion in which you wm undoubtedly have a part. dealing necessarily with food. And and llOWllOl‘O and tho Saylus liluli orientation

Learn before it’s too late to balance your curricular  is immotms [blower meaning that film 509'“ (MW Content to be

and extra-curricular activities. Saba, matfollmgl wlli,°bt“l" “’5 “mm” l" "W “mt “10 "10mins 
i b  ma.  lo fist will be glories arc in bloom. Sincu wo’rc 'l‘liliSliAY, Solltmnlwr 2.;

You ll have to learn a new vocabulary in order “I 011' SOUP. ‘0 llltit llbOllli nuts; on the subject of Siiylos Hull, wu'll All Diiy—wclll'stlun Elbltlllctl Ol‘gunivution lo ll'U‘illllll‘ll

to understand the u) H V  r and the ones in between will coil- mention the cliiiiiro ill the lil' -
[Per 0055111011. Mllllc, 14d ccl'n themselves with anything also want of tho furillturu in tllil‘ul'lllll-

courses, practice teaching, the annex, the PO- from biioilo "

' , , . . . . i r. the sofas now i 3
these may mean little or nothing to you now, but COURSE NO- 1—5011” cantor of tho room ~~ “Nomlildlli; WilllNr‘snAY s- ii "
iii a few weeks they'll be an essential part of your 1' mini (loomlln‘ lei" 50"1’0» 0’ Tout. llllWBd down there”. Not only has ‘ ' l W “MW “5

u . ' . "-i ‘ ' “ ' I
conversation. Add “Why and tradition to the “St Cl 311 A qu food. consisting Minlilc' u now coat of paint but

‘ of the broth of input or vogot- tho blitilro l 8 yes A ex
and you get it [Ollglii ltleil of your life from now ables 01‘ both or of milk or thin has v 0m ” u 1 Ha" "n
, , "0‘  . L
m . nolcum Be it known

cream sauce mixed with a purse that the Arnold House l '
‘ i ' of vegetables, shellﬁsh, or the like. In its etc i v u no mng
College is a serious business, but it has its lighter V -—~Noah Webster anu mlllguﬂlzlltlllllllz’ullflll’ 
side. Plinlilm m} “(fave part m both phases if you 2. :03in (8001:),‘ll3 (AAzoop. of Clonlp- took 31 now lolliilltllltl to fill the gap  
can wt out at "8 either one min "I! our time e an oriin. ~~ can of nipliii~ I’lorcc Hall was rcniodulcl I
and attention, 5 3" betized mislunosll mixed with all were most of tho (lo-ad'st ll‘llllllll‘lltllll I‘llmlmy' WEDNEMMY “ml FRIDAY
equal amount of water. Blue has taken tho place of lust “‘0 9' M'mﬂoukoy "ml Archery “mm “mm 0“ Dorm
We of State welcome you because we believe you '

—~Mlndy Skolsky year‘s familiar red but despite all mom
will be an asset to the school. Don’t disappoint us. course . . .

 

8:00 P. M.——-Newman Club reception for freshmen at
Newman Hall. Entertainment and re-
frcsllments.

3:30 - 5:00 P. M.—-IVCF‘ will welcome freshmen in the
Lounge n Richardson. Joseph Biiyly
will be the speaker.

 

8:00 P. M.—-Hlllel reception for fresh in the Lounge.
Entertainment.

3:30 P. M.—~Comllultol"u Club reception for freshmen
ill the Lounge.

10:00 iloou~~Mcotlng of the trash Club of HCA “1
the Unitarian Olliipol.

See you next week for the second the o‘hanggs the csuonco of Statc TUESDAY uiul THURSDAY
rcma n -
s 0 some . . . 3..i0 P. M.-Vollcybull. Biiiiillinton. Dorm 1"llilii.

 

 

 

_ a»:
3W

 

 

 

By Pat Sheehan

The leaves star't‘falling . . . Ockles
dusts off the “We do not serve
minors” sign . . . Paddy unlocks the
PD. and college officially opens.

With everyone still in the midst
of unsettling themselves no one has
given too much thought to active
sports as yet. There are big plans
in the making, though, and we are
sure that sports will take a turn for
the better this year.

t it N

 

 

Last spring when the service men
started trickling back to State great
things happened in a remarkably
short time. There is even more new
blood on campus this year. Some of
the new men came to summer school
and will need a few weeks rest be-
fore they tackle anything too stren-
uous but with ‘more men and new
equipment MAA can hold the camp-
us spotlight again.

I' it it

We are expecting great things of
the freshmen too. From what we
have heard We are under the im-
pression that they are a pretty ac-
tive bunch. It seems as if Frosll
Camp had such an invigorating ef-
fect upon them that some members
of ’50 engaged ill a bit of unusual
exercise in the wee hours of the
morning the very first night they
spent in a dorm. We hope they will
conserve some of their excess energy
for rivalry sports but we must. admit
that exercise will keep them ill form.

it: its 0‘

We met a freshman on second
floor Draper yesterday looking for
a science lab. We showed her the

a science lab. Being the Good
Samaritan, Juliette Lowe and
Good-Deed Dotty all at once,

we showed her the way to Huested
and asked if there Were anything
else we could do to help. The one
thing that puzzler] llel’. she claimed,
was how to recognize uppcrclassmon
to show deference to. We explained
that it was all very simple . . . all
one had to do was look at their eyes.
Those with a glassy store are Sen-
lors, the friendly glance denotes the
Junior and the vicious gleam belongs
to you-know-who.
0! t ~
One thing of which we are certain
is that all eyes will turn to the
WAA bulletin board if it is kept as
well this year as last. If the other
organizations on campus followed
suit they mlgllt find an increase in
registration on Activities Day. Even
if it is only a routine announcement
to organization members they can
make it look exciting.
t I t

The battle over the official cheer
for the Clues of ’50 is providing ex-
citement. It proves so confusing
when the sopralios scrcnill. "We‘ll
cllcci' nineteen-fifty . . .", while the
altos chant, “We'll cheer for our
fifty . . .", and the men groan,
“We'll cliccr fo-o-or fifty . . ." that
the decision now goes to whoever
yells loudest. We are sure that fifty
is n blue-ribbon bunch that. will give
us many opportunities to sing the
song of their bruises.

It! 01 e

There is u song of praise due lil
iiiiollicr quarter too. The ti'udltiomil
salute to the retiring sports editor
llus not been forgotten. It's just
that Mary Liv. Sullivan is still with
US (disguised as a graduate student)
und we wouldn‘t want to ciiibui'russ
her by singing llt‘l‘ pi'iilscs lll pilbllc.
Slur knows how much we all thought.
of liar and if she doesn’t pop in
some 'l‘ilcsdiiy nlglli. iiiui yell. “it‘s
too quiet. lll hero," the old 1’0. won't
bc Wlllli it used to be.

And the old PC) won‘t. be what. ii.
should be, at least in the sports
dupiii'llliciit, unless some “1011 vol-
untccr their services. Wli-ll tliu grout.
influx ill the men's sports program
it s llupcl‘uilvo that We llll\’t‘ sonic
illici'cstcd illi'iiibui's of MAA on the
stuff.

Woodwori.li docs ii lino job writing
llllti iiicn'ii sporis column but We need
come help with l't'lillllll‘ news stories.
There in going; to bo lots of MAA
copy uiid we want udoquiiic cover-
ago.

The invitutioii is directed pri-
marily to members of the Junior and
Sopliuiuoro classes. it your interest.-
otl drop it until addressed to tho
Sports Department lll tho NEWS
mailbox.

 

 

our: COLLIGI news. rhinAv. DIPTIIMIIR so. me

MAA Council Plans
Wide Athletic Program

Budget Swells
Men's Sports

With the return of men to the
hallowed halls of State, MAA is
looking forward to an outstanding
and flourishing year.

William (Bolo) Marsland, ’47,
President of the Men's Athletic As-
sociation, has stated that this sem-
ester will test the strength of MAA.
Since MAA has been given $4,633.00
out of the Student Association funds,
new uniforms and new equipment
will be purchased for the men.

Basketball, since it is the major
sport here at State, will be allotted
$2,508.00. With the men who re-
turned in January, and the vets
that have registered this year, State
looks forward to an outstanding
team. Last year games were played
against Stella, ABC, Albany Law,
Hartwick and Albany Pharmacy, a
total of nine games. Since the sea-
son started late and ended early,
this was an imposing schedule.

According to the tentative sched-
ule released, State will again meet
Sims and Hartwick while also tak-
ing on Ithaca. St. Michael's. Ameri-
can Intcrilatlonal, Plattsburg and
Connecticut State Teachers. These
games have been arranged in a
home and home series so that the
State students will have ample op-
portunity to see the team in action.

Spring sports have been given
$1095.00. Baseball received $1,200.00
which will be spent on team unl-
forms and sadly needed equipment.
Albuuy Pharmacy and Albany Law
were our only opponents last year,
but Coach Hathaway and the men,
with ii larger team ill mind, have
great plans.

Golf. which has not been played
at State ill years. will be revived.
Willi $250.00, the golf enthusiasts
should have a start.

Because of inclement weather for
[he past few years, and the lack of
tennis players. MAA has not had a
tennis team. However, $245.00 should
prove to be a sum sufficient for this
sport.

Intramural sports, primarily bas-
ketball, volleyball, and softball will
be a hotly contested affair. With the
start last year and with $250.00 in
addition this your, the majority of
men are expected to participate.
Since. all the ineil cannot make the
varsity squads, this is the opportu-
ility for them to practice and to
have a good sporting time.

Ping-pong, shuffle-board, and the
other minor sports have $90.00 for
expenses. So, even spare time has
been taken care of.

MAA has been given the opportu-
nity and the money. This is the
largest amount ever given men’s
athletics ill the history of State Col-
lege and if the man show their spirit
ulid sportsinullsllip they should ex—
pect the support of the entire stu-
dent body.

WAA Llsls
Rules For Credit

WAA Council has again nil-
iioiiiiccd the rules concerning util-
lcilc awards for the benefit of tlio
incoiiilnu class. It is hoped that they
may avoid ilic confusion of previous
yours concerning the running of class
lllillll‘l'lll-‘l.

Class iiuiiu'riils are awarded each
spring lo the women who have
i'lli'lll‘tl one year's sport. credit. To
qualify it \\'lllllllll must. have received
WAA credit. in any four sports of-
ll‘l't‘tl diii'lili.r the your.

l‘illl‘ll sport has ll (‘l'l'illlll mini-
mum number of credited hours llcc-
osiini'y. 'l‘iic llllllllll‘l’ of llillll'h‘ of
active pui'ilcipuilon llt'l‘(ltltl urn post.-
l‘il \l'lli‘ll pi'iicilcu sessions are ill"
H(‘llt‘(lllll‘(l and tho names of iliosu
\rlio llll\‘l‘ quulii’ii'ii iii‘o listed when
the sensual closes.

'l‘iiri'o yours credit. entitles u. WAA
llll‘llllll'l‘ lo a key stamped with tho
WAA soul. Two white jackets are
il\\’lll‘(li‘(l to tho most outsiuudiug
lilt‘llllli‘l'H of WAA on the Moving-
lip—iliiy of illt‘ll‘ Junior your. ilklnu
Sweeney llllil llu'ly Margot. presi—
dent and vice—president of WAA.
Wt‘l'il lilo recipients lust your.

3’
a.

 

Bead 74M

 

 

 

Your inquiring reporter rambled
down into the Commons the other
night and, per usual, began inter-
viewing veterans. This time we pos-
ed the question, “What do you ex-
pect of the men's sports program
here at State College?" We got a
variety of replies but all of them
echoed the opinion that the new
nlen at State are extremely interest-
ed in MAA and that they have some
very definite ideas about what they
do and don’t expect.

“Balcony Brigade”

We first tackled a group of fellows
forming the inevitable “Balcony
Brigade." Singllng out Red O'Leai‘y,
'49. who became spokesman for the
group we learned that these fellows
are extremely anxious to learn more
about what MAA has to offer. They
suggested immediate action by MAA
in getting the athletic ball rolling.
It was the general opinion of the
group that MAA should play a maj-
or part in school life and that ath-
letics should have an important
place.

Gifford Wingate, ’49, does not ex-
pect as much. Since we are a teach-
ers college, he was doubtful as to
the ability of State to become ath-
letic minded to any great extent
although he expressed a wish that
athletics might grow stronger.

Other Suggestions

Continuing our query. we sought
Jock Broplly, brother of “48’s famous
Jlln. Jack is a baseball fan himself.
He hOpes to see pushbnll started on
campus and suggested a rivalry game
be scheduled. With him was Walter
Schick, ’49, a former Bay Shore High
star. He urged enlargement of the
program, more general interest and
a speedy start of inter mural lea-
gues.

All in all. we got the impression
that the new men on campus in-
tend to take an active part in MAA
activities and expect to find MAA
ready and willing to provide for
them.

WAA Council
Releases Plans
For Fall Program

Edna Sweeney, '47, President of
WAA, has presented the Council's
fall sports appointments. she also
has announced the schedule of ac-
tivities for the fall and winter.

Hockey is getting under way with
Diffin, '48, and Moberg. ’49, fresh
from hockey camp, acting as oo-
captalns. Both hockey and archery,
under supervision of Williams, ’48,
and Lawson, ’47, are to be held on
the dorm field between Sayles and
Pierce every Monday, Wedneslay
and Friday at 3:30.

Fall Sports

Tuesday and Thursday on the
dorm field under the captainship of
Ardlto, ’48, and Lytle, ’49, nets will
be set up for volleyball and bad-
minton. Also scheduled for Tuesday
and Thursday in Washington Park
is tennis. The tennis captains are
J. Lewis, ’47, and Mahoney. ’48.

According to the presidents of
both WAA and MAA, Edna Sweeney
and William Marsland, a mixed
doubles tournament in tennis is be-
iilg planned. If possible other sports
such as ping pong and volleyball,
will be scheduled in like manner.

Saturday mornings under the su-
pervision of Dwyer, '47, both hiking
and biking will take place.

All activities and groups for Camp
Johnston will be counselled by Haw-
kins, ’49, and Szarek, '48. For the
benefit of the fresh—Camp John-
ston is WAA's camp on the Hudson
in Chatham. The camp was named.
in honor of Miss Johnston of the
Physical Education department.

WAA is planning to help more
students qualify for their basketball
referee's licenses. Its annual Sleigh-
ride is already scheduled and plans
are being formulated for a Winter
Carnival.

Fresh Frolic

On September 28, WAA is having
its full get-together. All the fairer
sex who are interested ill sports are
cordially invited to attend. A special
invitation is extended to the Class
of ’50.

Booklets concerning all the fall
sports will be distributed. While
others are reading the flyers, there
will be softball and volleyball for
ambitious enthusiasts. Of course,
the refreshments and entertainment
must not be overlooked—to quote
President Sweeney, “something good
in the usual good WAA sparkling
manner.”

Frosh Find Fun And Frolic
During Soiourn At Burden Lalte

By Mickey Seaman

After looking the fresh over with
an unprejudiced Sophomore eye,
and spending three jam-packed
days with them at Fresh Camp. we
have to admit that the class of ’50
is going to be an athletic one. Any
one who could brave the frigid
weather of that first night at camp
just had to be an all-round good
sport.

Burden Lake and Camp Van
Sclioonlluvcn—wllut a sports palacci
Even the weather inml broke all tra-
dition and sllowcrcd us with warm,
clear days perfect for athletics. Of
course the nights . . . but then we
slept through them.

Sports enthusiasts took full ad-
vantage of tho (luytlmo weather.
The way that tho i‘l'osll joined in
with bunting. swimming (br-r-r),
and tennis groups indicated that
WAA recruits from file class of '50
won’t be hard to find.

'l‘ougli Sailing

rl‘llo froin weren't the only on—
illnisiustic people at camp. however.
Perhaps you've lioul‘d about the two
counselors (not to intuition any
lllllllt‘h‘l who took some freshmen
i-uuoclug inid illl‘ll decided to go
swimming. it was qullc unintell-

caucus
RESTAURANT

203 Central Ave.

 

 

 

 

tional, of course, for the unfortunate
Juniors lost a class ring and a new
camera ill the upset.

It was swimming star Pat Tilden
'48, who came to the rescue and re-
trcvcd the canoe while the others
swam to a nearby dock. Despite ef-
forts by Tllden and Hawkins ’49, to
locate the lost articles, they are still
at the bottom of Burden Lake . . .
a liberal reward is offered for their
return. The poor frosh hadn't been
dressed for bathing and had to
shiver through the candlelight serv-
ice tlliit night ill shorts. The moral
of tlls story is “paddle your own
canoe" or “leave the counselors bo-
hind.”

Softball, tennis and hiking com-
pleted the program. Under council-
lors McIntyre and Incson, Sopllo~
mores, a small build of fl‘OSll toured
the hike, According to Mac, “'i‘lloy
tired easily . . . poor kids. Guess we
just worc illlL‘lll out."

 

 

ea-

(“‘3
if a

—— a, mini: Woode -—4—

Well, gang. here we are again vi
that stuff you hate to read. 
tions compel us to make this column
printable so we'll hold in the enthu-
siasm and confine ourselves to
sports (athletics).

First or all, we would like to wel-
come the frosh and vets for the 3831's!
time and extend to them an invite-
tion to participate in the activities
of MAA. Men’s Athletic Association
is open to all male students in the
college who have paid their student
tax. This year we are able to offer
a full athletic program for the first
time since the 1942-43 school year.
We are sure that we will be able to
offer you a program that will fit
your individual preference. Bill
Marsland, ’47, is President of MAA
and will furnish you with any infor-
mation concerning men's athletics
that you may wish.

Before you can qualify for any
intramural or varsity sports, you
must pass the physical examination
given by Dr. Dorwaldt. For those of
you who haven’t received your phy-
sical, you will be notified of your
examination through the student
mail.

This year we are re-lnstitutlng
rivalry football and pushball if a
pushball is available. We urge the
rival classes to organize their teams
as soon as the captains have been
chosen. In the past there has been
a great deal of interest in rivalry
sports and the contests were equally
enjoyed by participants and specta-
tors. These activities count towards
your rivalry scores and your class
prestige.

In addition to rivalry sports there
will be an intramural football sched-
ule arranged in the near future.
There will also be a tennis tourna-
ment this fall which will include
singles, doubles, and mixed doubles.
We would like to initiate an intra-
mural soccer league lf enough men
are interested.

Basketball Prospects

We are happy to announce that
the basketball schedule is coming
along nicely and that we will have
a full varsity schedule this winter.

ome of the games already schedul-
ed are: Ithaca, St. Michael’s, Hart-
wick, American International, Siena,
Connecticut State Teachers, and
Plattsburg.

Serious Talk

Last year we had a. lot of diffi-
culty arranging schedules because
many fellowa signed up for sports
and then failed to show up for
events for some reason or other.
Please do not sign up for any activ-
lties unless you are sure that you
will be able to participate.

Another thing we would like to
talk about seriously is the present
condition of the gym floor. Please
observe the rules and wear gym
shoes so that we can keep the gym
looking all season the way it does
now.

Watch this column each week for
notices of schedules and rules. Next
Week we will publish the intramural
football rules. We also hope to be
able to publish the football schedule
by next week. Remember, the more

of you that sign u , the
we will 1mm 1’ better league

CENTRAL
Barber Shop

2 BARBERS~NO WAITING
210 Central Avenue Albany. N. Y.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

BOULEVARD

198—200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

“MEET AN!) [CAT AT THE llOUl'.”

GAFETERIA

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

     

 

 
   
 

