 

 

 

PAGE 2

 

3"‘Principljés‘ and Polgies. .
principles form the 

Operating action for
all organizations, servmg as guideposts in adtlvrties
of the group. .

' The State-College News functions according to

5 two simple rules, and we are publishing these rules
at the beginning of the year in order that all inter-
ested members of Student Association may know
just where we stand. ,

1. The State College News is published accord-
ing to accepted journalistic standards and follows
newspaper ethics.

2. Since the News is supported by Student As-
sociation funds and is intended primarily for stu-
dents of this college, the staff will endeavor to
secure and present information in a manner that
will interest its readers and keep them informed.

Several secondary ‘points are implied in these
statements, with accurate presentation of news
heading the list. All facts are secured from respon-
sible persons, such as heads of organizations, com-
mittee chairmen, or those directly in charge of the
event in question. Sources of information are an
integral part of each story, with personal opinions,
suppositions and rumors clearly labeled as such.

Both sides of any controversial issue will be pre-
sented in our news columns with equal impartiality,
although we reserve the right to take a definite
stand in the editorial columns.

Each story is displayed according to its general
interest value among students. An event involving
a large number of people is therefore given more
space and displayed more. prominently than func-
tion which concerns only a limited group. Feature
stories —— interviews, accounts of unusual occurr-
ences, personalized reports of college functions,
and others—are selected for human interest value
and we believe they deserve an ample share of our
limited space.

We ask in turn the cooperation of the student
body; it is impossible to produce an accurate and
interesting newspaper if we do not receive correct
information or do not receive it on time.

Unrestricted Area . . .

Just to clarify an apparently confused situation,
the PO is not a restricted area. No pedigreed or
social position is necessary to gain entry, there is
no fee for putting your feet on the desk, and an
abundant supply of ashtrays is available for the
inmates.

However—please note the qualification —- the
NEWS office is not a locker-room annex, recovery
room, typing bureau or cafeteria. If you must type,
buy a portable of your own. The NEWS has a very
limited supply of Royals and repair bills come
high, so we must restrict typing to official business.

This is a point of information for upperclass-
men. There is, and has been for a number of years,
a locker room right across the hall from the PO.
Directions for locating said room will be cheer-
fully provided by the N EWS, complete with experi-
enced guides for anyone who still can’t locate the
place.

A full week of work is required to put out each
issue of the NEWS, requiring frequent use of the
PO by staff members. Others are welcome at any
time—if they do not interfere with our work.

Q“

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May 1916
By the Class of 1918

 

Vol. XXXI September 27, 1946 No. 2
Member Distributor

Associnted (‘olieginte l’ress Collegiate Digest

The, undergrndimte newslmper of the New York State (‘oi-

lL-gp for ’I't-nchers; published every Friday of‘ the college
your by the NEWS iiourzi for the Student, Association.
I'lioiios: 'l‘essicr, :I-itfiiih; Lusocit, n-fsll: l'emler, l)lllliity,
2«til'_'ti, I\'unz, H-U'Jhl'; Hliolsliy, ~ieltliIT. Members of' life news
staff may be reached ’l‘ues.. and Wed. from 7 to if 2.".0 RM.

 

The News Board

MARY F'. TESSIER -
BERNARD M. SKOLSKY

ANN LUECOK .
LORNA KUNZ

PATRICIA SHEEHAN
VIRGINIA DAY

MARTHA DUNLAY

MARGERY FENDER

CAROL CLARK . .
ANN MAY . . . . . -
MARJORY ELMORE CLARK

EDITOR-INeCHIEF
MANAGING EDITOR
BUSINESS MANAGER
CIRCULATION MANAGER
SPORTS EDITOR
SPORTG EDITOR
ADVERTISING MANAGER
ADVLRTISING MANAGER
AEEOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR

- ASSOClATE EDITOR

 

w 332-» 2

 

All commnnlcutiona should be nddresm-d to the editor and
must be signed. News will In: withheld npon reqnost.

'l‘iic ."l‘A’i‘I’l‘ (.‘(IIILIGIIii‘ NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions expressed in its columns or communicutiouu
us such expressions do not necessarily reflch its view.

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 27, 1946

 
     

‘r

a

A. Annex and Cafeteria Area. 

     

atlons:  , .,.,,,, .

i—Each student is responsible for
his own refuse disposal.

z—Matches, cigarette butts, garbage
and bottles must be placed in're-
ceptacles provided for same.

3—Smoking is permitted within an-
nex and cafeteria areas.

B. College Grounds Regulations:

i—No cutting across lawns.

2—No eating lunches or drinking
coke on Campus.

3—Don’t throw paper on grass or
around grounds.

0. Coke Machine:

1———Coke is not to be taken out. of
Commons and bottles must be
returned to the rack by the in-
dividual drinking coke.

2—Coke bottles are not to be used
by anyone for mixing paints,
e c.

D. Commons Regulations:

1~—No eating or drinking (except
coke) of any kind in commons.

2—Matches and cigarette butts are
to be placed in provided ash
trays.

3—Ali organizations having offices
in Commons are requested to
keep their sections neat and
clean.

4—Dancing is permitted from 12
noon to 12:35 on Week-days and
from 2:30-5:30 on Fridays.

5—Piano cannot be used unless per-
mission has been received from
Commons Chairman.

6-—Coke machine should not be used
by other organizations unless
proper arrangements have been
made. Permission will be granted

by coke chairman or Grand
Marshall.

7—Vic and records can be used by
organizations after permission

has been granted by vic chair-
man or Grand Marshall.

E. Hall Regulation:

1—No smoking, absolutely!

2—No congestion in corridors be-
tween periods.

3—Single file down annex stairs and
no grouping on the way.

4—Papers in proper receptacles and
not on the floor.

F. Locker Room Regulations:

l—No smoking.

2—Suitcases in shower room.

G. Lost and Found Regulations:

1~—Contact head of Lost and Found
for lost article.

2—Contact head of Lost and Found

 

"‘ in Lost and Found box behind

Stamp Booth.

H. Lounge Regulations:

1-«No smoking at any time.

Z—No eating at any time

3—The Lounge is a place for social
relaxation and study. not sleep-
ing.

4—No plays or song rehearsals un-
less okayed by Secretary to the
Dean of Women and Lounge
chairman.

5—Radio should be played softly.

I. Mailbox Regulations:

1—-All notes must be at least 2
inches by 4 inches when folded
and dated on the outside. An
infringement of this rule will re-
sult in the immediate removal of
notes from boxes regardless of
importance. -

2—No 3 inch by 5 inch card posters
are to be placed in the boxes.

3—No books are to be returned
through student mail.

4-—-Boxes must be kept free of pest-
ers.

5—Outside of note must contain
name, class, and date.

6—No stickers are permitted in
boxes.

J. Posters

1—Paper—No grey, green, blue—un-
less class colors.

Z—Size—‘t size for meetings, full
size for advertising.

3—A11 posters must be approved be-
fore being put up.

lit—Posters must be of college level
and attractive.

5—All posters must be picked up
by organizations and taken down
after the event.

L. Publication Office Regulations:

i—No one but members of NEWS
Board are to be in PD. on Thurs-
day from 10:80 AM. to 1:00 PM.
a. eating is allowed in PC. at

this time.

2—Students are not to use the P0.
as a cloakroom. Only members
of NEWS Board are permitted to
use lockers in the PO.

S—Matehcs and cigarette butts are
to be placed in ash trays provid—
ed for same and never thrown on

the floor.

Please note!

We are not janitors; we are a
commission to see that school regu-
lations are enforced. Please cooper-
ate!

 

ealkge Glade-«714

By MARJORIE IIARLAND

Well, the ﬁrst week of classes has
passed, the freshmen are beginning
to lose that confused expression,
Seniors have begun to recover from
the first shocks of those Milne class-
rooms, and even though the book-
liiie at the Co-Op still winds end-
lessly down the hall (gosh, you'd
think people came here to studyh.
the new semester appears to be well
on its way. New faculty, new offic-
ers. new resolutions tsoon to be
broken probably, but resolutions
nevertheless! and even new fresh-
men. It all acids up to a new start.
Something new

On the other campuses of the vi-
cinity much the some activities are
taking place. Russell Sage seems to
have acquired not only several new
buildings but fifty men, as well. It
seems they're only planning to keep
them (the men, that is) for a year
though and then send them on their
way. Oh well, variety is the spice
of life, so they say. The male popu—
lation even has spec‘ai hours for
clusses-~~-4 to 0 in the afternoon and
'7 to 10 in the evening. So, girls, if
some handsome specimen of innu-
iiood tries to tell you he goes to Sane
don't be too quick to doubt him. He
might at that.
ltivniry

Over at. Union class rlvnli'y seems
to be fiuriiig nlrcudy, nmong other
things the traditional painting of
the Idol. The. ldol, a large stone
Chinese image. which was donated
to the college yours ago, has been
sci. aside, for the students to do with
as they will. It seems that the ini-
ngc has received many a coat of
point and, nccordlng to last week‘s
(.‘oncordicnsls, this your is no ex-
ceptlon:

".. . 'l‘lic f-loplioiiiorc class resumed
its prosecution of the Fl'tlslliililll
class as numerous yenrlings routed
North College frosii from their beds

     

in the early morning to repaint the
Idol a beautiful green. Hands were
substituted for brushes. The Frosh
retailiated shortly afterwards and
threw combustibles upon the statue,
setting it fiercely aflaine and des-
troying the Sophomore iiundwork.”
Sports

Class rivalry doesn’t seem to be
taking up all the time of the stu-
dents though, for on many a campus
the football teams are getting in
shape for the opening of the season.
Lacrosse teams are also moving into
the spotlight. For those of you who
are not familiar with this latter
sport. it‘s a very exciting combina-
tion of football and hockey with a
little wrestling worked in to keep
things interesting. It's a game def-
initely gaining interest as a college
sport.

At Brockport State Teachers Col—
lege the Big Brothers and "Big 
tors have spent the past wek taking
their freshmen lo receptions, open—
iiouses, buffet suppers and the like
Isound fumiliar?t The student body
also held an nil—college picnic under
the sponsorship of the Senior class
with nil the traditional pop. ice
cream. and chn hot dogs. It sounds
like quite a shindig.

Back at Union ngnin lnierfraler-
nily Council is uireudy making plans
for their (lrldiron l'iull which will
be held after the lust home f‘oofbuli
game. This your the big event. falls
on Friday, November 0. Speuking of
bulls, rumor has it. that. our own
.lunlor Prom may be held in the, not
too distant future in order to avoid
loo ninin spring-finn- evenis. It
would certainly highlight. our llll-
tuuui socinl season.

I guess that’s all for this week
folks. I'll be around uguln to keep
on in the know as to whut's going
on here and there on other cnnip-

uses.

[lion'found article and put article

By MINDY SKOLSKY
COURSE NO. lI—OPINION & HENRY WALLACE

On the evening of September 12, at a Madison
Square Garden rally of the National Political Action
Committee and the Independent Citizens’ Committee
of the Arts, ScienceS, and Professions, a Secretary of
Commerce named Wallace made a speech. Nine days
later, he was a private citizen.

If you have read the Hearst, Gannett or MCCormick
press concerning the former Secrtary of Commerce's
speech, you have no doubt been led to belieVe that
Wallace expressed pro-Russian views, that he is him-
self a Communist, and that he is getting his orders
via the Kremlin; thus you feel that President Truman
was justified in asking Wallace to hand in his resig-
nation. This ls if you have read the Hearst. Gannett,
or McCormick press. But if, in the interests of truth,
you ave taken the pains to look up the text of the
address itself, read each word carefully, and asked
yourself at the end, “Is this true?”, you may be of a
different opinion. Too many of us rely on the press,
the radio, or a friend's comment to form the basis
of an opinion on a domestic or foreign issue in the
world today. True, the press and radio are usually
the best methods we have of finding out informa-
tion when we have no more direct access to that in-
formation, but when you can see the evidence itself,
then you are sure of its authenticity. You wouldn‘t
try to analyze a book you hadn‘t read merely because
you saw a review of it by a critic who may or may
not like the same style of literature you do. or because
you heard somebody‘s roommate say it was good or
bad; you wouldn't try to analyze a movie a friend
of yours saw and didn’t like if you yourself hadn’t
seen it; therefore, you shouldn’t try to analyze a
speech you yourself haven’t read because a certain
noivspaper or radio commentator or a friend says it
is either good 01' bad. If you Want to analyze a book,
take it out of the library and read it ﬁrst; if you want
to analyze a movie, go to a theater and see it first;
and if you want to analyze a speech, find a copy of
it and read it first. Then you have the right to agree.
or disagree with it——this is your undeniable privilege
as an American citizen.

The fundamental view expressed by Wallace in his
speech was that the United States should  peace,
not war, with Russia, and, to quote Wallace‘s own
words, “this does not mean appeasement." (The blacks
are minor. He wants the United States to cooperate
with Russia and he wants Russia to cooperate with
the United States. This is not wrong—it cannot be
wrong to ask for cooperation.

Wallace also said he is “neither anti-British nor
pro-British—nelther anti—Russian nor pro—Russian.”
He is rather, judging from his address, pro-world,
and the opinions he expressed are those favoring the
harmonious "one world” Wendell Willkie pleaded for.

Unforunately, the situation in our country today
seems to have reached the point where everyone who
says that war with Russia is inevitable is applauded,
and one who says that peace is both necessary and
possible is denounced as a Red. If one who fights for
peace and cooperation is a Red, then there are a lot
of Reds in this country who don’t know about it . . .

The fact that Wallace did speak even though he
realized he was politically “sticking his neck out”
shows that he is an individual not interested in selfish
niotives——by keeping quiet he could have retained
his position in the Cnbiiictmbut his motive was a
higher one: the welfare of our world in the future.
He spoke selflessly in hopes of furthering that inter—
est even at the price of lOsing his own official ,l' ifion.

As a private citizen, Wallace can continue to spcnk
his mind f'recly~~tliis time without fear of "emimrrass-
ing" Secretary Byrncsuund it is my hope lIlill. he will
confinuc to fight for pence, using, “logic, fairness, and
cooperation" us :1 basis for attaining that peace.

I have given you my reaction to Henry Wnllnce's
speech and what. it shows me about his character, but
don't take my word for it if you nvcn’t already read
the speech. Get a copy of the address and rend if
yourself—Ans I said, don't rely on someone else‘s opin—
lflll, form your own.

 

College Calendar - - - ~

Friday, September 27

12:00 noon-2:00 P. M.—--:Sopl'iomorcs who wish to sign
up for the News may do so in the. 1’. t).

0:00 P. M.~»Prcsitlciif.'s Reception for freshmen In
the lngie Room at, Pierce llull.

Saturday, September 28

1:00 P. M: WAA reception for f'rosli on lhe Dorm
Field.

8100 l’. M.
Hall.

1"i'fiiili Frolic sponsored by H(.‘!\ in I’HI'."

lilonduy, September 30
4:301". M. MAA inii'nniurul loolbuii on the l‘nr."
[full field.

Wednesday, October )5

11:00 noon (ienerui meeting of lnfei"Vnr:r.it},' (‘hris-
lion i"eliu\\':;lilp hi the Unilorinn (‘impef

3130 f‘. M, First meeting of lililel in the honor.“

’l'bursdtiy, (icioiier ii

7:00 P, M. l:‘renlunen women to visit. sororlly houses.
Alphabetical Schedule on l’nge 1i, (‘oiumn 1.

0:00 i’. M (ieherol iilt‘l'llllf‘, of HCA iii the bounce.

Friday, October ‘1
7:00 P. M.

Continuation of sororin open houses.

 

 

Frosh Will Visit

Sorority Houses

Time Schedule Placed
In Alphebetical Groups

Thursday and Friday, October 3
and 4, have been scheduled as sor-
orlty open-house nights for the class
of '50. At 7:00 PM. sorority house
doors will be open Wide for the des-
ignated groups of freshmen.

The groups have been divided al-
phabetically into time units allow-
ing 15 minutes between groups to
reach the houses.

List Schedule

Those sororities participating in
the Thursday night houses are Al-
pha Epsilon Phi, 844 Washington
Avenue; Kappa Delta, 380 Western
Avenue; Gamma Kappa Phi, 357
Washington Avonue. The time and
alphabet groups for that night are
as follows:

Gamma

A E Phi K D Kappa
7-7145 A-I J—Q R-Z
8-8:45 R-Z A—I J—Q
9-0:45 J-Q R-Z A—I

Chi Sigma Theta, at 078 Madison
Avenue; Psi Gamma, 113 So. Lake
Avenue; Bctu Zeta, 000 Madison
Avenue. Phi Delta. 551 Myrtle Ave-
nue. are the sororities which will
receive the freshmen on the lust
night. in these given groups of lime.

Chi Sin Psi (lam ll Z Pliil)elt
7-7:4:‘i A-(l R-N N-S T—Z
8—8145 ’l‘—’. A—(l H-M N-S
9—0:45 N-S T-Z A-(‘v lei—M
10—10245 ll-M N-S 'I‘—’. A-G

From 0 to 0:45 PM. on Thursday
and 10 to 10:45 PM. on Friday re—
i'reslunents Will be served to the
visiting freshmen.

Sororities

Rush Periods

On Friday open house reception
will begin at, 7:00 and end :11 10:45.
At 11:00 PM. the period of open
rushing will officially close. and the
non-rush period will begin Saturday,
October 5. In sorority circles the
non—rush period constitutes the time
when sorority women are forbid—
den to make social engagements
with freshmen. Conversations are
limited to college functions only.

Intcrsority Council has announced.
that their tea has been postponed
and will be held next. semester.

Dr. Hatt Will Meet
With IGC, Faculty

Dr. Hatt, assistant director of
College Study in Inter-group rela-
tions at Ohio State University, who
arrived in Albany lust night, \vill
spend today conferring with meni—
bei‘s of Inter—group C()liil(.‘ll. Lois
Hutchinson. “17, President of 1.6.0..
has invited facility members and
students to meet him.

Tonight, llr, llutf will join meni-
bers of the executive board of inter-
group Council nt Hoyles llnll before
the President‘s Reception, to meet
the students and members of the
faculty.

Executive lionrd

The executive board of inter-
group Council met Monday. Septem-
ber '33. lorim Kunz. '-i7. chairman
of the speokeks pzuiel. reported that
several tnlks by 1.0.0. are being
scheduled for the your. imitations
to speak will be Welcomed by the
]litlll'l.

The first :emnmr of the ,\eur \\lll
in: ('(Iiitllli'lf‘tl by Dr Ilul".e\ Itil't'.
heard of the Social Hi'ltlit'h liepni't—
nienl, ninl t‘elum {\Xt‘li'tltl. 'ri'i. unh—
Ili llil‘ ilt"-.l l'i'.ll \l‘t't'litx.

Iiufli l‘il't‘llillt'll “Iii, eliuh‘nmn oi -

l’m'rzun. iius planned :.ev—

(itiliiiiilw .
“‘liljl‘, lnl' iIli‘v lt'liit“ll‘l.

i‘I’ni ripen Int
Cooper, YOvI< to Collect Tar

Iiei'llm \V:tl.ifi, "H. of Illt‘ Hlu~
(lent limud oi l-‘iimnce, lm.. ttlflitlillit'»-
f‘(I thnf nimun- \\lio llil.- not yet pun.
liiz; :.liidenl in}; may do :..i by going
to Illf‘ Ullit‘t'J. of in". (Ietil';:e York or
Dr. l‘ifi\\‘lii'fl (‘ooper on fiie lllli'fl
floor of inniper. Veterans will be
lukeu cure of under the (Li. Hill of
Rights.

STATE COLL‘GE NEWS.

 

State Stars "Sing the Blues”
After Music Disappears

Last year, several large a-
mounts of money were stolen
from the students here at State.
In two cases, the purses were
carefully returned—empty.

This year, a theft which af-
fects directly or indirectly
every individual in the school
has taken place. Music elong-
iiig to the “State Stars,” 9. band
formed by members of the class
of ’49, was placed on a desk in
the Commons by a member of
the band. When he returned,
the sheets had disappeared. An
intensive search failed to reveal
the $25 worth of stock-in-trade.

The “State Stars” was formed
last year through the efforts of
a group in freshman class in an
attempt to provide State with
 long-needed swing band. The
money for their music was col—
lecied at jam sessions in the
Commons and by contributions
of the students in assembly.
Without this music the band
will be unable to fulfill engage-
ments for college functions until
more money can be collected.

 

Snoder To Leave
Milne Faculty

Dr, Daniel W. Snader, assistant
prof'msor and supervisor of mathe-
matics in Milne, has been appointed
ilbstit'liit‘ professor of mathematics
in the Gulcsburg Branch of the
Univenily of Illinois at. Champagne,
Urbnnin. Illinois. He must assume
his administrative duties on Octo-
ber 12. and is scheduled to leave Al-
bany with his wife and son, John.
on October 4.

At. laicsburg, Dr. Snader will
have charge of the division of man
iliemntics and physical science. He
will do some teaching of mathema-
tics nnd will have about 34 teach-
ei's under him.

lleuds Program

Dr. Sunder has spent 8 years at
Milne and while there as had an
opportunity to work out an experi-
mental program in mathematics. He
was one of five members of the New
York State Revision Committee
which has revised the entire mate-
iniuics curriculum of the state. Un-
der his direction Milne was to be
one of the few schools to participate
in the experimental program. This
pinn, however, had to be dropped
when it was found that he would
not be here to supervise it.

While in Albany, Dr. Sunder also
sponsored the Cupitnl District Mn-
iemuiics Association, one of the, few
of its kind. and wrote 3 books which
\\1ll he published by the J. C. Win-
ston Company, Mrs. Si‘inder was
Chairman of the Women’s Division
oi the Albany Sllft‘ly )ouncil, She
has HIM) been netivo in the A.A.U.W.

Ncu Home

’l‘h (incisburg Division of the Uni—
versity of lllinois, where Dr. Sunder
will tench, has recently taken over
the four and a half million dollar
Mule (ienernl Hospital. 'l'liese bulld-
imw \viil nccommminfe about. 2000
~1udenfs. Housing for members of
Ibe faculty and their families is pro—
vniui by the university so that. Dr.
Hundt r inn. no worries on flini score.

In l'lt).lil,L‘,. Dr, Sunder sold. “I
:imii nhvnys have it deep affection
for Hlole (‘olit-ue and if:. faculty.
xix-.m-infioiis Mrs, Himtler mid
i hue imd here will ill\\'1l)':$ be cher—
1 led "

 

GAMI’US
RESTAIIRIIMT

203 (,lenirni Ave.

   
        

FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 27, 1945 

 

Seniors W Ill Entertain Freshman Religious , u s
I ,l -‘ O D a .
At Reception In Page, Oct. 6 To Begin rive
Atftsr tthiiee Weeks of being re-   h-
cep e . S a e’s new fresh shall suc- F M
New Members g“"l".f’““" l“°“‘ ““d f“? imam“ - e~ ers 'p
en 0 s we come nex u ur ay, ‘ -
, October 5. at 8:30 P. M. in Page defile tfiiilinc‘hist‘ft‘ttt Sign
Hall. Frank Woodworth President '
 r , v ‘ Hillel, will hold a joint membership
I of 47, who will act as general chair- drive next week_ There Wm be a
I man of the rfrception. also reported table in the lower hall of Draper for
E r I e n C e s that this years Senior Ball will con- those who wish to Sign up “thine
X p e igltitutie t)theli; Big-81. Details beyond various clubs,
ie ae, ov. in. en’ -
(Continued from Page 1, 0011mm 3) cided. ’ v t been de The From From sponsored by
‘ The first Senior class meeting de- S‘C'A' wm be held on saturday' sep-
starts, I was recommended to your . tember 28, from 8:00 to 11:00 PM.
" voted itself to discussion of the ie-
De‘m- NOW I am here! ceptlon for the incomiii cl Bir in Page Hau' Ruth seelbach' ’47’ m
“I think the students at State are thmgs are m the making  tn: general chairman of the affair. ‘
really interested in Spanish. Ithfetal freshmen of .50 when they meet in Name Committees
that as I walk into my Classes 919 Page for a note of ugmd to see ya» The following committees have
13 it real enthusmsm‘ It makes me from ’47. been appointed: Talent Show, Flor-
feel good to know the sltudents art; ,As an Opalmg’ Woodie will add once Mace, '48, Muriel Owens, '49;
so eageitto 1:58.111 thet anguage‘ct) another welcome to the already Refreshments, Barbara Houck, Hel-
illy‘coun l'y." am 1115 as eagex 0 lengthy “st compiled by the from en Baxter, Ruth Price, Sophomores;
ﬁiygryoms. iAiiéithercil,wrl11en Woodie has had liis glteﬁﬁtinﬁggﬁk Regina Bollenbachn
_ I ‘ as wor . e curtain will rise and em » sophomores; 39'
William G.k1\/_Ieye11. “(Shot aucccefds the freshmen will taste their first 061900“. Mary Telian, Margaret de
winified Dec 610.5 let} 3 “18 Gef- sampm of I4,7 talent Lorraine, Seniors; Publicity, Kay
man del’ﬂlthI}L' lean}? ‘BS 191' But the evening will yet be young Grant, '49- Chaperones for the
man the easy \\ Btgllnflpt 0%11111121 and the fresh will accompany their Frolic are Dr. Charles L. Andrews,
Cclmmiy‘.‘ he‘lYndlChL‘ 0 10 0d: Senior mates down the winding head of the Physics Department,
helium Emmi” 8011901 atlt lelt‘fnneé stairs to the gym to demonstrate and Mrs- Andrew-‘3. arid Mr. William
5‘30 0f 51": :‘rh'en plop SC 1.00 w ‘6 their dancing abilities. There shall G- Meyer: German mSt’rlwtor' and
“lid “1.0 Ge“??? G5{1:1}‘:15111t?‘toccl‘;' be music but here problems raised Mrs. Meyer-
plpd ms mm?" 1.013,, 1.1: 10111.1. E) t} 5 their troublesome heads. Due to The first general meeting of SCA
(:‘El‘le‘lml‘ Phil", 01f N? 91:: Gin; the unfortunate loss of music by will be held Thursday October
(21‘s. (13011-5011Vf10‘3 0 _  t. f the State Stars, the group will be third, at 8:00 PM. in tlie Lounge
It?“ )‘lt‘t’ “133dCalglmgaﬁlggsgnSe unavailable. Result — Woodie is The subject to be discussed is
41.0 in SLO {1 I An‘rim ' searching frantically for musicians “Should We Be Interested in a
5 1,306, Buyouzldvdl nenn‘ig M1, Meyer to furnish music for this first Sen- World Church”
with \his cxperienceiiasia musician. 1101' event or the yam" Possnmities FrOSh Club
minister. teacher, psychologist and Jig‘lﬁlo‘f‘zggtgf, Hie bard. It]:qu by the There will be a meeting of Frosh
ambitions in the medical field, not to “on At'mv  no} ,. 10” teem" 01111) on Tuesday. October lst. at
mention the books under the com- “11‘ be h‘qd- ,o‘ fomnjlfgtcenzlu“ and 8:00 PM. in the Commons,
llli‘l‘ld of his pip]. Sheff befolrle 8.201111; “mm fun‘ ’ I m CVC' Iptervarsity Christian Fellowship
es el‘ passes a l. . rein cw ’or.  ' _. . . wi take charge of the first general
University will be affixed to his 110C131?icltigemémggﬁﬁvcgiggdégugg chapel to be iield on Wednesday
mum)" . will be responsible for the skit and noon’ camber 2’
“w t".-  study ', ‘ ‘ -
A 19“ put ‘mre Co‘gfei.?f11 ‘ another entertainment. His assist- ""191
iihUlllO‘ll College, alSa  18131:?! ants number foul. including Chuck Members of Hillel are observing
foi meie studydant anyf .1. W1 me Axelrod' Judy Dubc‘ Carol Berg. and Rosh Hashonah, the Jewish New
his. Then ﬁie .bs’yéil 1 0120113. ﬁ_ Jenn Emng' In their hands lies the Year and among the most solemn
l)ll.1011,.'1\lIl.MCY01 u mla e ‘Ikl-S Wiigly mm of the entertainment. ays in the Jewish calendar today.
to Ahlca t9 113L011) [mc- W? . W”; Even ushers will be present, with ACCOl'dlnE to 501001011 MIIISbeI‘g, '47.
 Schweitzei.‘ ti? ménis or u 1 Sam, Dunn, Marty Dummy. Trudy president of Hillel, this holiday is
mgridminmﬁzlgm.linggizifﬁ_teacher Kasper Girvin and Betty Brennan keYﬂOted by moml introspection.
’1 1:3 C. go 'bc (1 d‘ocu‘n. comes. {0 blazing the trail to prize seats. The The fII'St meeting 0f Hillel Wil1 be
‘q‘ljgelfﬁo‘rn Nuugy High in 11,0“, decorations fall to Hank Druschel held in the Lounge on Wednesday,
BEi-éev and the Latin-American In— “mulls able “Si-Slams! Clyde 000k» OCtObel‘ 3. at 3230 PM. to welcome
qt'il‘ut-e in New York AS Wt he has Marie Salluce. Dorothy Sturzenber- new members. Arrangements will
'no 03.1mm qbout Siam  havan ger, and Paul Penrose. The class also be made at this time for a re-
bpml hem ‘kmg enough" he ex_ colors, green and white. will pre- ligious weekend to be iield in the
*ﬂqmed ‘ dominate the color scheme. near future.
I lThe‘vanmium results in a su_ Red (Malcolm) Evans and B010 Marvin Sultan, '43 has been an-
1., 1. educau'onn mm,”de Mr. Mai'sland have charge of treating pointed historian of 'Hmel
DC  . ,, , '. ‘-. 1 the floor, administering to the mike '
Meyei, but ceipmal punishment Is and Sponsoring mo Spotlight Dick
 memones me Smith has chosen his own commit-
‘ ' ‘ ' ' ice for the refreshments.

Mr. and Mrs. Ralph Tibbetts will sayles Announces RUIes

assist Mr. and Mrs. Theodore Stand- FOI’ COIICQC Parking LOt
Attend Meetings At Satanac ing with the cliaperoning.

 

Dr. John M. Sayles, President of
the College, has announced that
students are not permitted to park
in the college parking lot during the
day. This is reserved for faculty

 

President John M. Saylgsdatilid
Dean Milton G. Nelson attcn e '10 - -
conferences of the New York State Elhng Sets Fmal pate
Association of District and City 811- To Order Ped Plctures m( b
.n ers’ cars.

perintendents held at Saranac Inn, ’ I

New York from spmpmbor 19-26. Jean Elling, 47. Editor of the Ped- G1. students may park there from
agogue, announced flint today is the 5 p. m. until 8 a. m. Those Students

“Wk “ﬂy to Big” “1’ if)" P“‘lugogue who wish to take advantage of the

1”“ Elms: , night )arkin should leave their

M155 Ellmg “51‘s “11 “1059 Who name, iiiake off our and license num-
hnvcn’t signed up to do so uninc- her with Miss Arum W Burbank
dintely. The sign—up sheet is posted President’s Secretary ' '
on tiic bulletin board in lower Dra— ‘
per in back of the. stamp booth.

All pictures will be taken in the
Annex. Girls must Wear white
blouses with convertible collars. Men
must. wear dark stilts and lies. There
will be the usual charge of two dol-
lars, All students are reminded to
be prompt us the photographers
have a very full schedule.

CENTRAL
Barber Shop .

2 BARBERS Nf) \\'Al’l‘lN(l
210 (‘entral Avenue Albany, N. Y.

Please

 

Patronize
THE

HAGUE
STUDIO

 

Our

"Portraiture At Its Finest"

Advertisers

 

 

 

ll()l,I.\'\\'()()i) C(HII‘IS
I'IAS'I‘ 'i'f) TAKE
YUI'R I‘( )Ii'i‘RAl'l‘

0AFETERA

Il()l'l."

BGIILEIIAR

".\li‘3i‘l'l‘ .\NI) I‘l.\'i‘ A'I‘ ’i‘lll‘l

fill MADISON AVENUE

ALBANY. N. Y.
'l‘Pll..EPllONE 4-0017

198 200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

 

 

A“

 

 

