Whom—w, . . . u

l
l

 

PAGE. 2

RopiniOn . . .

(Issua leinrron’s Nora: This week the editorial
“we” becomes the editorial “I.”)

While at worklast weekend, I was forced out
of my smug and comfortable shell by a query of
a customer: She wondered how the Russian “sit-
uation" would affect her shopping problems;
whether she would still be able to purchase certain
items and how much would they cost. Her query
surprised me, angered me and started me think-
ing——in turn. I was surprised to learn that some
people had already accepted another war as an
inevitable fact and because they accepted it as
inevitable l was angered. l refuse to believe that
because it has been impossible to prevent "war in
the past, it will be equally impossible in the fu-
ture. I refuse to understand why energy which
could be so profitably directed toward seeking
permanent world peace should be so dissipated by
assuming to be inevitable a fact which could lead
only to permanent chaos and disaster. I refuse
to acknowledge the belief that Russia’s motives
can so differ from ours that after so many years
of such horrible warfare she could deliberately
provoke another war which could only preface
the end of all mankind.

There are some situations I don’t pretend to
understand; Russia has recently committed acts
which seem close to aggression. I neither condone
these acts nor apologize for them, but feel rather
we are making no effort to appreciate Russia’s
position—her need for security in a world over
which we hold the atomic bomb.

 

Which of the following statements best expresses
your attitude toward United States’ relations with

Russia:
No. Pct.

(1) Believe that war between the two
nations is Inevitable and only a
matter of a short time ...................... .. 38 9.9%
agree with Churchill that an
Anglo-American pact should be
established to defend ourselves
against Communism. .... 
believe that cooperation between
the United States and Russia can
be attained. ......................................................... .. 232 80.3%
realize that we have to make some
concessions to Russia which she
feels are absolutely essential to
her security. ...... ..
(5) believe we should cater to and
appease Russia in all her de-
mands.  0 0%
Six persons declined to comment and thirty
persons (7.7%) voted for a combination of 3 and 4.

(2

V

23 5.9%

 

(3

v

(4

V

57 14.8 %

 

 

 

 

How does State College feel about the situa-
tion? With whom do the students’ sympathy lie?
Do they :igrcc with Churchill illtti. a military
alliance between the United States and Great Brit-
ain is ncccssary as a bulwark against the spread
of Communistic philosophy? Hence the question-
naire which was circulatth the early part of the
week~—~--—an attempt to discover what State College
students thought of t'uitcd Staics‘ relations with
Russia. Such a poll could gain authenticity only
if a large. number of students were asked their
opinions and since approximately 400 students
were almrmichcd, we can feel fairly sure that any
generalizations we make will be sound.

Sixty per cent of State College students feel
that we can cooperate with Russia, and the per»
ccntagc becomes even greater when we add the
percentage of students who feel that the United
States must make some concessions to the Soviet
Union. If the students were sincere in voting for a
cooperative attitude amt did not make the choice
merely because they felt it was expected of them,
I commend them.

This editorial was not written by a paid pro-
pagandist of the Soviet Union-whirl rather by one
who believes that the attempt to achieve complete
democracy in this country should be an ultimate
goal.

This editorial was written by one who spent

three years in the Army and wouldn’t partic-
ularly enjoy experiencing a repeat performance.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH 22. 1946

"College Calendar

Friday. March 22—-

11:00 A. M.—-—Business meeting in assembly. Continued discussion of

proposed constitution.
body to be presented.

New motion on temporary judiciary

8:00 P. M.—Statcsmeu to sponsor Vic party in the Lounge.

Saturday, March 23»—

9:00 P. M.~—Jonquil jump in Pierce Hall Inglo Room.

Sunday, March 24—
3:00 P. M.———SCA Lenten Lecture
will speak.

Tuesday, March 26—«

in Stokes Hall. Dr. Raymond Clee

9:00 A. M.—Sophomore Testing Program. Page Hall Auditorium.

7:30 P. M._..Meeting of Pan Amigos in the Lounge. Mrs. Francisco
Cordona will speak on Nicaraug‘ua. Discussion period and

refreshments.

8:00 P. M.-Frosh Club open discussion in Room 2 Richardson. Topic:
“What is Wrong With SCA.”

Wednesday, March 27——

All Day ——Seniors to sign up for patron list in Pedagogiw.

7:30 P. M.-—Math Club meeting in Room 101 Draper. Carmela Russo
and Doris Ives, Seniors, to speak.

7:30 P. M.—Compulsory meeting of SCA’s first cabinet. Room 20, Rich-

ardson.

Thursday, March 28—-

2:00 P. M.—~Myskania sponsored student-faculty tea in Lounge.

Daily . . . . . . . .—

Ordcr Pedagogues in lower hall of Draper.
Seniors to hand in pictures to Mary Louise Casey, ’46.

Wednesday and Thursday—

Tickets for Arnold House raffle on sale in lower hall of

Draper.

 

galley Ghee-«114

By CULLINAN d: HILT

 

Three Cheers

state, the fair; State, the lovely:
State, the lily maid of the Atlantic
seaboard. Pardon the exuberance
but it is entirely justifiable after
reviewing the results of the Teach-
ers' College Conference held in New
York last week.

The first seminar attended by
the delegates concerned student
government relations. Although in-
teresting talks were given by vor-
Ious representatives of the State
Teachers Colleges—our representa-
tives were constantly amazed as
to the degree in which state sur-
passes these other colleges in every
phase of student government.

Of particular note was the discus-
sion on faculty intervention in stu-
dent activities. Surprisingly enough
Gencseo claims that faculty. stu-
dents. and the administration should
combine their efforts In forming an
adequate student government—fa-
culty advisors acting as advisers to
the Student Council. administrators
assuming legal duties and publicity.
students organizing and controlling
various student activities. Miss
Cook, the speaker from Gencseo,
caused further consternation on the
part of our delegates when she sin-
icd thnt strident government. “should
not. be entirely in the hands of the
students ~~ they don‘t. expect tliiil.
much responsibility."

The representative from Frost.-
bin'g, Maryland. devoting her en-
tire speech to the problem of faculty
supervision. presented her school Its
the “horrible example" of too much
faculty control, in that. the pro-
foasors' voto determines the legisla-
tlvcI trends in the school and Is ulso
considered in the selection of the
President. of their Student Bonrd. In
spite of such control even she would
not. accept. thc idea of no faculty
supervision. believing that the fa-
culty advisco system Is the ideal
situation.

Shin—c llIt

At the end of the panel discus-
slon “Slackie” caused quite a stir
among the representatives when she
challenged the idea. that college stu-
dents did not expect full responsi-
bility for student government. baa-
Ing her challenge on State's etu-
dont govornment completely free
from faculty control. As this ills-
oussion progressed amidst murmurs
of incredulous disbelief, Electric in

defending State. revealed many
more progressive ideas of our gov-
ernment. Doubt still prevailed.

Progressive as State is, we did have
to join with the other delegates in
the problem of assembly cuts. Var-
Ious methods of combating the sit-
uation were discussed such as pro-
viding more publicity. imposing
"campus" restrictions, and lowering
of academic marks, but no final so-
lution was hit upon. In fact at one
point the discussion centered upon
the idea of charging admission to
assemblies for the purpose of rats-
ing money and stirring up interest.
This way, given enough time (10,-
000,000,000 years or so) Strife might
be able to lay the foundation for
their Student. Union.

We Dood It

In the inter-racial conference on
improving race relationships In the
United States through education.
State again led the way. Many of
the ideas incorporated in our I.G.C.
were stressed by the panel speakers
such IlS examining textbooks to a-
bolish stereotyping minority groups.
reviewing the curriculum with in-
ter-group education as a goal. and
stressing social integration in extra
curricular activities.

Along this Inter-racial line came
the surprise of the conference. It
happened at. the business meeting of
the Board of Control. It. seems that
there Is it clause In the organiza-
tion's rules of [li‘Ochllll'O that “any
member of the Dclegntc Body is at
liberty to submit proposals for coli-
sidci'ntlou of the Association."
However. never before has the
clause bccn invoked by any shutout
member of the Association. Natur—
nlly It. was quite a blow to the nus—
tcrc board when a student. proposal
was brought before lheiu. Mrs. ll.
Pussow presented the idea of catch-
lishiug tutor—racial courses in all
teacher-trnining institutions and
making students aware of such Iii-
tor-group difficulties. Having passed
this motion, the chairman com-
mended the Albany delegation for
its active participation and expres-
sed a desire for more student par-
ticipation in the future.

Thus the conference ended with
the delegates also taking advantage
of the cultural facilities provided
by the great city of New York. (For
more "interesting details"~see the
delegates).

 

By MINDY WARSITAW -——-—-———~—...__

WHO IS NOAH WEBSTER?

dictionary—a word of reference in which the words
of a language or of any system or province of know-
ledge are entered alphabetically and defined; a lex-
icon—Noah Webster.

Following is an endeavor to give a work of refer-
once in which the words of a language or of any sys—
tem of province of knowledge are entered alphabetic-
ally and defined; a lexicon of State Collegc.—-Ma1'ilyn
Warshaw.

WORDS EVERY STATE COLLEGIAN SHOULD

KNOW

amorous manifestaHon—something that is not prac-
ticed in the Lounge.

asphyxiation—what you could die from after a half
hour in the Library.

assembly —— business meetings sometimes conducted
here; mostly a place where the elite meet to eat
meat and pickle sandwiches and read newspapers.

Boul—the place where, if Prseident Sayles sees you
three at 11 A. M. on Friday, what you're eating does—

n’t: taste so good any more.
bull session—synthetic homework: you can ration-

alize after indulging in one, saying that you learned

more from It than you would have from your text-
book anyhow (but try telling it to your prof. the
next day—,1

campus—come in late three nights in a row and you’ll
find out.

cluustrophobiu—state resulting from overexposure to
the Recovery Room.

Commons—this is where Romeo stands on the bal-
cony and Juliet pines below.

cut—nothing that you can indulge in, brother—around
here it's Just something done with scissors or knife.

fancy—something a young man possesses. It turns
to thoughts of Love around this time of year, so
keep your hair curled, Gertrude.

gripe—something which, if you go formore than two
days without doing it, your roommate thinks you're
sick and calls the housemother.

gym class—castigation for naughty Juniors.

hunger—what you’re strictly from after a nine-cent
hors d’oeuvre in the Annex.

late permission—unfair privilege allowed only to girls
with long-distance boyfriends.

love life—something your friends can't mind their
own but sure have a lot to say about yours.

State College News—“Contrary to the . . ." being a
stylish way to start an assembly announcement.

study—

PgETlRY AND POLITICS

n ast week's column, I waxed rose (?) abo t
Winston Churchill; In this week’s I’d like to wax poeti‘fr.
This poem is dedicated not just to Churchill, but to
all those who possess that certain spark of reaction
that lay latent in their hearts, and was set aglow by
ﬁgugchill's saying what they had been, secretly hop-

or:
AN EX-G.I. SPEAKS PLAIN ENGLISH TO
CHURCHILL & CO.
I don't know much about politics»
You handle all the big deals;
But I know what It Is to kill
And how a bullet feels.
You say you really want world peace,
But—«Damn lliosr.’ lousy Rcda.’~~
If we don't look out. you're oh. so sure.
They'll kill us In our beds.
Well, all your Red-baiting just leads to one thing ~
You‘re kindling the coals to be fired.
IOnly. just In case you act what you want.
You fight this time, Mistcr~l‘m tiredi.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May 1916
By the Class ol1918

 

Vol. XXX Mnrcli 21!. llltlti No. 2t)
\li'llllli'l' lihll'llillliil‘
.\“‘~ill'lllll‘ti t'iiili-glqili- l'li‘\~ l‘tilll‘LIlllit' llI:.'i-sl
the undergraduate III‘\\‘|II|II'I' oi the \c\\’ int-l. Stali-
i‘ollogo lul‘ 'l'i-nelicrs: published croi') l-‘ritlny of tho t‘ol
cg.» Ilt'.ll' In tho .\'I*§\\‘.\' llourtl for llli‘ Student .\ssm~tn
do” Phone.» lh-rbrich. "J Iil'Jtl;lI'\‘«-tt. :ilt.‘.li.\; I‘llni'. H‘IIIII‘
l'r'inn-e ‘3 ltsTiI '

 

The News Board

JOAN D. BERBRICH - . . ..
ELIZABETH S. O‘NEIL

ISABEL FEAR

JOSEPHINE MAGGIO

MARGERY CRAMER

MARY SULLIVAN . . . .
KATHRYN HAGERTY
BERNARD M. BKOLBKY
MARY TEEBIER -

EDITOR-IN-CHW
CO-EDITOIl-lecHIIF
BUSINESS MANAGER
CIRCULATION MANAGER
ADVERTISING MANAEIH

IFORTI EDITDN
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
AIOOCIATE EDITOR

- AIIOCIATE EDITOR
W2

Issue Editor

BERNARD M. SKOLSKY

 

All coininuulcuilouu'should be addrouod to the editor Ind
noun 'b‘a st nod. Minion will be withheld upon re out.
’Iho IIA’I‘ COLLEGE NEWS assume: no rcupouiii flit!
for opinion: or retired In ill column or communication
n such ultras: out no not uocuurtl)‘ "flu-i III HOW-

 

 

 

I

‘ STATE. COLLEGE news. FRIDAY. hancu 22. 1940

 

 

 

Sophomore,  To Enact FomilyHeirsSeek
Romances OT Magnolia Manor

A southern plantation, darkies
humming softly, the scent of mag-
nolia blossoms in the air—amidst
this setting the Sophomores will
present their Big-8 program Sat-
urday, March 30 at 8:15 P. M. in
Page Hall.

“Leave Her to Grant." is the story
of life at Magnolia Manor a short
time. after the Civil War. The time
is the Mardi Gras with all its life
and love, with music in the air and
mystery and romance abouudiug.

Romance flares at a masked ball
with the love story of Susan Lee, a
beautiful southern belle portrayed
by Dorothy Shelton. and Jim Grunt.
a dashing Yankee salesman. enacted
by Francis Mullin. Romance. also
reaches out. to Moon Yean (Edith
DClli through the blundering at-
tempts of prim. correct, Grover H.
Wilkinson III, tDale Sullivant the
typical “stuffed—shirt” of the nine-
teenth century. to win the hand of
the young maiden.

Colonel Lee, father of Susan and
Moon Yeah. and a typical old south-

ern gentleman played by Curt anff,
proudly upholds the tradition of the
south and bitterly denounces all
who have had the misfortune. to be
born north of the Mason-Dixon line.
With his hatred for all Yankees Col-
onel Lee adds a flavor of the old
South to the whole presentation.
A black-faced chorus will provide
background music as the story en-
folds, with Muriel Griffin as lovable
Mummy, and William Baldwin as
Melvin the Negro foreman complet-
ing the cast of principals.

Magnolia Manor would not be a
typical plantation without. music,
and so music is interwoven with
the drama and includes a medley
of songs by Mary Jane Giovononne,
Florence Mace, Justine Malone) and
Florence Wotjal. selections by the
trio, Doriue Holland, Alice Williams.
and Eloise Worth. and dancing by
Sue I-Iildreth. a ballet by Isabel
Cooper. Mary Cooper, Alice Fisher,
Mary Frisk. Jane McCormick, Ber—
nice Shapiro aud Catherine Tron-
sor.

 

 

 

 

 

Sophs ' To Take

National Exams

Dr. John M. Sayies. President of
the College, has announced that
State will participate in the Na-
tional College Sophomore Testing
program on Tuesday. All Sopho-
mores will be excused from college
classes on that date.

The tests will begin at 9:00 A. M.
in the Page Hall auditorium and
will continue until 5:00 P. M. A
lunch hour from 12:30 to 1:30 will
be provided.

According to Dr. Sayles, these
tests have three valuable princi-
ples: "They will supply data for
further determination of abilities;
they will aid In State’s program of
re search connected with high
school scholarship examinations;
and they will make possible a com-
parison of this college and others in
various parts of the country. Pre-
vious classes have co-operated in
similar programs of research and
standardization.”

The tests will resemble those tak—
en by the students at the begin-
ning of their freshman year. They
will cover a large range of academic
subjects.

 

Applicatiom For Dorms
Must Be Secured Today

Mrs. Bertha E. Brimmer, Secre-
tory of the Alumni Association, has
announced that. applications and
contracts for rooms in Pierce Hull
and cottages and for Sayles Hall
are now being distributed for the
year 1046-47. All applications must
be secured from the alumni office
today. :llltl they must be returned
with a Lcll (lollur deposit. before
April 5.

Applications for men who wish to
live In Saylcs llnll Anncx and In
Arnold House will be distributed be-
twccii March 26 and 29. Applicu-
tions for summer school will be dis-
il'll)lll(‘(l iii. a lulcr ilutc to bc Ilil-
nounced through lllt' News. Mrs.
liiinuucr ulso slntcd Iluit. Siiyles
llnll will be uscd as n residence for
women this summer since l’icl'cc
Hull is to be renovated during the
summer months.

Art Exhibit . . . .

((lmiilnucd from Poi/U 1. 001. In

dents. “New York li‘urm,‘ probably
had the appeal of familiar homo-
iikc conditions In and a good colli-
posltlou of simple every day sub—
jcct. matter.

"It. is significant. that people who
do not create in a pointing incdluiu
seldom choose us their favorite
composition one that has n tend-

ency towards radical thinking."

Miss Hutchius added that she
thought that the students were In-
dependent in their judgment and
not unduly influenced by the choice
already made by the faculty and
public.

Veterans To Obtain
Student Fee Tickets

Gloria McFerrau, ’46, head of
Student Finance Board, has an-
nounced that all graduate and new
students who haven't secured their
student fee tickets may obtain them
in Dr. York’s office on the third
floor of Draper. All under-graduate
students are required to pay this
student fee but It Is optional for
graduate students.

Any veteran who hasn't received
his student fee ticket through the
strident mail may secure It In Dr.
York’s office.

Any graduate G.I. who wishes a
student fee ticket may obtain one
In Dr. York’s office. Graduate G.
I's are not required to obtain these
tickets but may if they wish to.

Student Finance Board has also
stated that all organizations under
the Student Association budget
must present their itemized bud-
gets to Dr. York or some member
of the Student Finance Board be-
fore Monday, April 1.

To Repurchase
Farrell Mansion

Transactions are now under way
for the sale of Farrell House, a
women's residence hall owned and
operated by the Alumni Association
of State College. to Mrs. Margaret
Farrell Schmidt of. Boston. The
building was willed to the college
in the full of 1941 by Mrs. Mur-
garet Brady Farrell.

This former lllflllSlOll located at
Thurlow Terrace and Western Ave-
nue has been used as a women’s
group house for the past three years.
The building houses twenty-seven
girls for whom new residences must.
be found next year. Because the
building was bequeathed to a mem~
bership organization, a court order
must be obtained before the pro—
perty can be sold. and though as
yet the court order has not come
through, a completion of transac-
tions is expected soon.

About a year after the mansion
was deeded to Mrs. Bertha Britn-
mer, Secretary of Alumni Associa-
tion, Mrs. Schmidt, daughter of the
late. Mrs. Farrell. sought to repur-
chase the home. At first Alumni
Association refused to consider the
offer because It was needed as a
group house. The recent acquisition
of Arnold House definitely leaves
Sayles Hall as a women's dormitory
and the Alumni Association feels
that It can afford to give up Farrell
House.

The only obligation which the
Alumni Association felt in selling
the property was a moral one. Mrs.
Schmidt, whose husband died sev-
eral years ago. desires to return to
Albany and raise her children in her
former home. Her request to repur-
chase the home have become more
persistent these past two years and
the Alumni Association felt it only
right to sell it back to Its former
owner.

The building which is considered
one of Albany's most luxurious pri-
vate residences was built about 1904
by Mrs. Farrell's father, Anthony N.
Brady, for his daughter, Flora. In
1912 Flora Brady, then Mrs. E.
Palmer Gavitt, was killed in an ac-
cident and her husband and daugh-
ter remained in the house until
1917. Several years later Mrs. Far-

 

Fomous Monologisl Will Return
To Entertain Admirers ln Page

Cornelia Otis Skinner, a true
daughter of the American theater
and "its greatest single attraction"
to quote a press agent. will adorn
our auditorium on April 3, brought
here by Dramaties and Arts Coun-
cil.

Miss Skinner made her debut on
the stage at the age of 15, when a
strident at Baldwin School, In Penti-
s;.lrnnia. Encouraged by her daugh-
tcr's enthusiasm and unmistakable
talent, Mrs. Skinner. lmd volun-
tccrcd to couch the girls of Baldwin
in u Shakespearean drama—mumer
“Machth.” Otis Skinner, not es-
pcciully eutlnislustic about his
daughter's zest for acting was
heard to rcinni'k after this first
attempt. "Well. she certainly hasn't.
n ray of talent. thunk God!"

lint Cornelia Skinner was not
('ttll\’.llt‘l'(l as her I'uthcr was. At
lii'yu Muwr College, she excelled In
her studies besides becoming eu-
incsticd in its iii'uunitlc activities-—
writing as well as acting. It was
while in college that. she asked it
tumons di‘ninn critic. what she
should do to get on the stage—to
which he replied, “Choose for one
or both of your parents It celebrated
slur of Inst generation."

This ndvicc. could not how: been
more npropos for Miss Skinner’s
tuilicr. Otis Skinner, and her moth-
i-r. Maud Durblu Skinner, are as
bright slurs us ever adorned the
American stage. After two years
at Bryn Muwr, Cornelia Otis Skin-
her and her mother went to Paris
where she received daily exercises
In diction, vocul training, French
couwrsutiou and other arts deemed
essential for it would-be actress.

After this sojourn. Miss Skinner
was accepted as a member of
George Tyler’s stock company in
Washington with such stage favor"
ites as Alfred Luut, Lynn Fon-
taune. and Helen Hayes. Playing

bit parts, she was not. what Is spec—
Iflcally known as, “overpaid.” Says
Miss Skinner. “I remember Father
sending Mother a check with this
message: "1‘0 defray the expense of
our daughter’s earning her own
living'!"

But Miss Skinner was not destined
for mediocrity and after a few sea-
sons on the stage where she ac-
quired technique and gained the
power of projection, she branched
into a new field which momentarin
seemcd to be her chosen one.

While in college, Cornelia Otis
Skinner had first. developed the
Idea of recording Impressions of
contcmporuncous life Into a series
of sketches ——— humorous. pathetic.
tender and satirical. But. not con-
tent with this first success and
filled with her nuipieuclutblc enthu—
siasm. Miss Skinner went on to
historical costume driuuus for a
single uctrcss and finally to dramas
for u star with it full company.
Everywhere she hits toi1red-~iicross
the United States, Canada, and In
England, Miss Skluucr has been
greeted by vast audiences and
widespread acclaim.

Acting, liocher, Is not the least
of Miss Skinner’s ability as can
cuslly be seen by “Our Hearts Wcro
Young and Gay." This Is a hilari-
ous and light-hearted account of
her student days in France which
was written In collaboration with a
fellow companion. Emily Klin-
brough. Her appearances on the
radio have likewise been frequent
and Inspiring. Further versatility
can be recognized by the fact that
for her favorite likes she has listed
(logs, licorice. and Ed Wynnl

Perhaps the untiring zest for liv-
lng and her efforts to approach per-
fectiou In everything she attempts
Is the secret to the exceedingly full
and happy life that has been and
still is Miss Skinner’s-

 

Courtesy Knickerbocker News

FARRELL MANSION, which was bequeathed to the Alumni Association
by Mrs. Margaret B. Farrell in 1941 and which has been used as a girl's
dormitory for the past three years, is now being resold to the Farrell heirs.

 

rell pin-chased the house which had
been vac-ant for three years.

After the marriage of her two
children. Anthony Brady Farrell of
Loudonville and Mrs. Schmidt, Mrs.
Farrell spent less and less time in
Albany and wished her home to be
used for a worthwhile purpose”

The house. assessed at $102,000,
was put In perfect condition before
it was bequeathed to the college.
At the time It was considered as a
possible site for a Student Union but
the Idea was rejected because of the
high cost of the upkeep.

Lashinsky Announces
Statesman Vic Party

Philip Lashinsky. ’47, President of
the Statesinen, has announced that
a Vic party will be held by the
Statesmeu. tonight In the Lounge
from 8:00 to 11:30 P. M. In addi-
tion. the Statemen have decided to
\Vach the Initiation fee of $3.50 for
new members and allow all men to
participate in activities upon pay-
ment of the regular $1.50 term as—
scssmcut.

()tliiir social functions planned
by the Statcsmeu and open to all
members this semester Include a
picnic at. Indian Ladder in May. and
n semi-formal (lunch on May ll, “11'
day following Moving-Up Day.

’I‘Iicrc will be dancing and rc—
lrcshmcnls at the Vic Party. Rich—
ard Smith. ’47. is general chairman
of thc affair

 

 

Central
Vacuum Repair Shop
ioi'-_. renrimi. ave. ALBANY. N. Y.

PHONE 4‘0247

Letter To Editor -- -

Dear Editor.

What’s this about dancing? We
weren't. quite sure what activity in
the Commons you were referring to.
We men on the balcony aren't shy;
we just value our lives—after all
we're not as young as we used to be.
and our disability Insurance doesn't
cover these matters. When we
dance. we don’t want a review of a
commando course. So, how about
a few records on the “Vic” more our
speed?

Those Backward Balcony Boys.

 

Seniors Secure Positions

Seven State students have re-
cently secured teaching positions
through the Student Employment
Bureau, according to Mr. Paul Bul-
ger. director of the Bureau.

Those Seniors obtaining employ-
mcnt are: Magaret Worsley, Eng-
lish, Holland Potent; Robert Loucks.
Delmar. English, Dramatics; Anita
Leone. Social Studies, Bridge Hamp-
ton: Barbara Reiff, Latin and Eng-
lish. Pine Bush: James Miner, Ma-
tlicmntics, Pine Bush: Robert Meek-
I'l'. Commerce, Mohawk; Mary Honk,
Sciclit‘c, Greenville.

PHOTOGRAPHS

Duplicate Prints may be secured
at all times

Discount prices in effect till May

Films retained for at least
5 years

The Lloyd Studio

51 3rd Street Phone
'l‘roy, N. Y. Troy 1088

 

 

 

GEORGE D. JEONEY. PROP

BOULEVARD

198—200 CENTRAL AVEN U!

 

The most of the Best
for the Least

DIAL 5—1 913

OAFETEIIIA

ALIANY. N. V.

 

 

 

 

 

 

