   
  

   
   

 

  
     
  
  
   
 
  

 

 
 

lit,

 

 
 

  

 

minetiom
Piiyhouse To Discuss
May Ploy At Meeting

Mary Harvey, '47, President of
College Playhouse. has stated that
a College Playhouse meeting will be
held Wednesday noon in Room 206,
Draper, to nominate officers for the
coming year. A discussion of the
May play, Arsenic and Old Lace,
will also be held at this time. The
cast and committees for the play
have been chosen and rehearsals
started under the direction of Mar-
ianne Davis, '46.

Those who will take part in the
production include Alice Prindle, ’48,
as Abby Brewster, Marianne stand-
ing, ’49, as Martha BreWster, Curtis
Pfaff, ’48, as Mortimer Brewster,
Barbara Dunker, ’48, as Elaine Har-
per, Harold Gould, ’47, as Teddy
BreWster, Fred Baron, ’49, as Jona-
than Brewster, Harry Mills, ’49 as
Dr. Einstein, William Blasberg, ’49,
as Officer O’Hara, Robert Lynch,
’48, as Dr. Harper, William Baldwin,
'48, as Dr. Witherspoon, Marvin Sul-
tan, ’49, as Officer Rooney, Frank
Grinzi, ’49, as Lieutenant Brophy,
Marvin Wayne, as Officer Klein,
and Harold Story, ’49, as Mr. Gibbs.

The following people have also
been chosen committee heads: Sets,
Dorothy Diffin, ’48; Costumes, Alice
Randall, ’47; Props, Hilda Fiedler,
'48: Lights, Mary Harvey, ’47; and
Make-Up, Arthur Soderlind, ’47, and
Robert Loucks, Graduate Student.
Anyone interested in working on
these committees may sign up on
the Dramatlcs and Arts Bulletin
Board in Richardson.

 

Religious Clubs
Hold Elections

The Religious Clubs on Campus
are holding voting for their officers
today and next week in the lower
hall of Draper. Today is the last
time for SCA votes, while Hillel bal-
loting begins today and extends
through Monday. Newman will
elect officers on Wednesday, Thurs-
day, and Friday.

Hillel Cwndldates

Candidates for the Hillel offices
are as follows: President, Molly
Kramer and Solomon Minsberg',
Juniors; Vice President, Louis Ra-
bineau. Irma Rosen and Rita Shap-
iro, Sophomores; Secretary, Bar-
bara Hyman, Joyce Simon, and
Helen Tischler, freshmen; Treasur-
er, Alvin Feldman, Ethel ROSenberg,
and Marvin Wayne, freshmen.

Elections for the Brandeis Society
will take place at the same time.
Candidates are: Chairman, Harriet
Freidman, ’47, Marvin Sultan, '49;
Secretary. Jean Hoffman, ’49; Treas-
urer, Estelle Seigel, ’49, and Flor-
ence Simon, '48; Publicity Director.
Ilsa Gluckstadt, ’49.

Newman Club

The candidates for Newman Club
officers are: President, Ann Culli-
nan and Florence Wilson, Juniors;
Vice President, Katherine Tronsor

 

Hillli' ('olIt-kv News

liy the t‘hm of llltii

 

Vol. XXX April 2!”, Iillll No. ‘_'I
.‘li'lllill‘l'

Antioch-loll I‘oIh-Hluic I’m-ma

lilsll'lhulor
(‘nlIt-glult- liIgI-sl

'i‘hc lnnlvl'grmluolc lu-wspupl-r ut‘ th.~
Nl-w Yoril Slnlt- I'olII-gt- l'ol' 'I‘uvllt'hlvl-s;
published cvcl‘j‘ li‘rhluy of the t'ollngu
your by the NEWS lluul'ui l'ul‘ Ilu- Stu
llI'lil .‘Hnlil'llllllill. I'hum-s: lit'l‘lil'lt'
Z-lilzﬂl; “Noll, “07th; l"t'lll', H liill;
('l‘illllt'l'. 'J-tltl'ltl.

 

Issue Editors

l\'uthryn lingurty..... .\r~"mn'llllc liulllm-
llcrmtrd .\I. Hittilrlil)’....\rmm'ltlll' Editor
Mlll'j' 'l'l'HHlM‘ . . . . . . . . . ..\snm'lllit- l'itlllnl‘

 

«WU!

All t'onllnunicnlIons should in- ulidrl-ss
Hi to tho Nlilor nmt mum ln- Nlillll‘ll.
Ntlmnu will lw wilhhoid lumll rwlm-sl.
’l‘llc H'I'A'l'lll i'llI.I.I-}ltiu‘ NI'IWH “mumps
no l't-sponn'lliilily for opinions I‘X'rl‘l-r-‘n'l'll
in Its columns or I'oulmunit-ulIons .‘In
such expressions IlU nol uvI'I‘m-ul'lly l'l'
llm-I Ila vii-w.

    

 

{filial No '

launch Wedding Careers

“But We can't afford two
lunches, dear. You eat half and
I’ll eat half.”

"Who said two can live as
cheaply as one?"

“Of course, I can cook! We
don't have to eat out tonight."

Do these words have a famil-
iar ring? And speaking of rings
have you heard those of the
wedding bells swinging for
State students? And seen the
gold ones on all those left
hands?

The rainbow-hued confetti in
the News office was showered
upon Bernie and Mindy War-
shaw Skolsky, but the food and
paper shortage resulted in a»
shower of bath salts for AI
Knapp — excuse, please, Mrs.
James Randall! Ethel Weber
joined up with the Navy when
her ensign, David McKee, came
home on leave.

Others newly admitted to the
blessed state are Leonard
Freedman and Jane Hutcherson
separately! Please, Mrs. Free—
man and Mr. Hutcherson, we
didn't mean it that way! V

To these, and others we may
have missed—Best Wishes!

 

State increases

Scholarship Aid

The value of state regents schol-
arships has been increased from
$100 annually to $350 by a bill pass-
ed by the state legislature and sign-
ed by Governor Thomas Dewey. The
increase includes not only the 750
scholarships issued each year by the
state but to those held by students
now in college, thus affecting 82
State College students who have
won this aid.

SinCe the scholarships run for a
four year course, the total value is
raised from $400 to $1400. The bill
also increases the number of vet-
eran scholarships and makes avail-
able state help to the children of
veterans who died while serving in
the armed forces of the United
States. The addition of 1200 vet-
eran scholarships raises the number
available at this time to 3600. These
are also worth $350 a year and eight
may be awarded to each Assembly
District.

List Political Platlorms
Cl 5 A Candidates

(Continued from Page 1, Column 1,)
business meetings which could be
accomplished by greater committee
work on the part of Student Coun-
cil. In the problems of student gov-
ernment i should advocate a stu-
dent-elected Judiciary body to in-
sure a student government run by
the student body,

Bentley's Platform

A candidate for the office of Pres-
ident of Student Association, I pro-
pose to carry out the following plat-
form:

1. Strict constitutionality and us
smooth-rulming u student govern-
man as possible, in accordance with
the decisions made this your.

2. A redoubch effort to make
State known and recognized through

and with surrrnuuling schools, and
through cooperation with Press
Bureau, the sports program, and
any organization conncctcd with
intercollegiate functions.

3. Better assemblies, by means of
u student poll to determine the type
of programs most in demand, by
limiting announcements, and by
suggesting that several organiza-
tions collaborate to bring quality
speakers ruthcl' than a quantity of

' thcm.

und Eloise Worth, Stnillolnorcs;
Secretory. Katherine Donllclly and
Molly Wilcllcy, freshmen; and
'i‘rcnsul'cr, Jurmilu Junccck, ’40, find
Agnes McIntyre, '40.

SCA has nominulwd the following
candidates: President, Jonn Aivcr—
son and Mary 'I‘ilion, Juniors; Vitﬁt.‘
President, Margo DcLorrntnc. Doro-
thy Cullgin'lul and Olive Mung.
Juniors; ’l‘rcuslu'cr, ltuth Scclbuch,
Mul'lun Mlcl'us, and li'lorencc Mocc,
Sophomorcs; Secretary, ltuth i’ricc,
Cuthcrtno (front, ltcginu Bollcn-
buch and Mln'lci Owens, freslnncn.

I

sure cocteoe Nerve, FRIDAY, APRIL 2e. rue

Cdnfo'lli-Sh'owered Couples Gremlins Review AchieVements

Highlighting Brilliant State Career

Listen my children,
And you shall hear
The tale of a class
Know far and near—
The Jolly Juniors,
Pride of State,

Herc titres years
(Without a date.)
They‘ve load the mark
To get to heaven——
The wonderful class
Of forty-seven!

From 8:10 freshmen History to
8:10 methods classes may not seem
like progress, but “seein’s believ-
in’ ” and the ’47 slate is crowded
with Gremlin accomplishments

It all began when Francello’s
presidential locks were shorn by
the Blue Devils, straight from—’46.
That was before rivalry went out
with the derby hat, and ’47 blazed
through on a two-year career of
battles for the rivalry cup. Frosh
victories in debate and on the ath-
letic field kept up morale despite
the fact that the coveted award fell
to the Blue instead of the Green
on our first Moving-Up Day. Men
were scarce in classes those days.
but Lashinsky helped out in the
Commons by taking on two at a
time on the dance floor.

Came our second September and
renewal of the rivalry battle with
the Yellow foe. A weary veteran
now, ’47 confused the new frosh
by their benevolent reception in
Page. Then the bars were down as
we made our second bid for the
cup. Daffies bowed and paid for
dates on Activities Day, were trod-
den down in the banner hunt, and
yielded to our superior vocal abili-
ties in the November sing.

WAC funds were swelled as '47
produced a romance of the Ozarks
in Tomlny More’s hay-filled barn.
Then we switched from dungarees
to dinner dress and dined in state
at the Ten Eyck, where Dr. Hicks
gave out with advice on “How to
Get Around your Teachers.” The
next Green undertaking was a stu-
pendous paneroma of the history
of American vaudeville, entitled
“Highlights in Footlights,” our Big-
8 offering for the year. (As an anti-
ciimax, the seven struggling Soph
Desk Editors had to rewrite their
first issue of the NEWS when the
copy went to Florida instead of
Hudson.)

With ‘47 headed for sure victory
in Rivalry, cvcn Nature conspired
to make Moving-Up Day something
special with a January blizzard
practically in the middle of May.
But even the snow didn't dampen
our spirit as we out-shouted and
out—sang the Yellow Dnl’fics and
finally took possession of the tradi—
tionnl cup.

Several More Seniors
Secure Teaching Jobs

Several Seniors have recently so-
cnrcd touching positions according
If.) Mr. Paul ilulgcr, Director of Stu-
dent Employment Bureau.

'I'hosc who have obiuincd posi-
tions Include the following: Suzanne
Montgonn-ry, Muthcmulics, Kendall;
Genevieve Smitllllng, English und
Social Studies, Wcsl, Curlhugc: Anne

l'laiulpllsllcd tiny Ililll exchanges with other State colleges Pctcl'soll, French and Lotto, Middle-

bury; Priscilla lluycs, Commerce,
Ossining; Mildred Brulnel' Kormun.
C(unmcrcc, It‘ust. Islip; Patricio Dun-
ning. Scimlcc, l.)olgcvillc: Arthur
Johnson. Sociul Studios. Norfolk:
(lcol'gcllc Dunn, Luiin nnd Physical]
Edtlcntion. l'lorrisvillc; Lucillc Gull—
lcy, Conunwcc, AVi‘l'lll Purk: Leroy
McCuuil-y, Hociul Studios, Schuyler-
ville.

 

l'll0’l‘0G RAI'IIS

Illlllllf'lllli I’rlnis may be secured
at all times

Ilislmunt prices in effect till May

lv‘IIms retained for at least
5 years

The Lloyd Studio

5| Ill'd Strcct
’l‘roy, N. Y.

l'ltone
'l‘roy 1008

 

 

 

First semester passed in a rush
of mid-sems and finals, but Feb-
ruary brought great changes in the
halls (and Commons) of State —
mainly men. Several Juniors star-
red on the new basketball team,
and crew cuts popped up among the
pompadours in Friday’s Ed 10 class.
The Gremlin social calendar, which
began with a class banquet at Jack's,
will reach its climax tomorrow night
with the return of Junior Prom and
a traditional Junior weekend.

So remember:———

’lﬂ will come out on top

Once, we‘re started we will never

stop

J-U—N-I—O-R-S

Oh, what a wonderful class!

Debating Team
To Meet Colgate

Marianne Davis, ’46, President of
Debate Council, has announced that
due to a last minute change of
plans, the Syracuse team will not be
able to attend the Intercollegiate
Spring Debate meet scheduled for
tomorrow at 11:00 a. m. in the
Lounge. The team from Colgate will
attend to uphold the affirmative of
“Resolved: That fraternities and
sororities should be abolished."

Judges for the meet will be Dr.
Harvey Rice, Professor of Social
Studies, Mr. Perry Westbrook, In-
structor in English, and Dr. Roland
C. Burton. Professor of English. The
judges will lead a short period of
criticism and discussion after the
meet and the delegates will answer
questions concerning “The place of
debate as a college activity.

Eloise Worth, '48, and Lillian
Kunicka, '49, have been chosen as a
team to meet St. Rose.

To Post Ten Nominees

For New Judicial Body

(Continued from Page I, Column fl)

sealed envelope, signed, and must
be placed In the Judicial Board mail
box by 4:150 P.M. today. Miss Mag-
gio is in charge of class nominations
and resignations.

Class Guardians for the rest of
this your were also chosen by the
Board. They are: Class of '46, Miss
Brinkman and Mrs. Passow; Class
of ‘47, Miss Hamilton and Mr. Pal-
cvsky; Class of ’48, Miss Scymour
and  Muggio; Class of ’49, Miss
Stl'uub and Mrs. Shul'c.
Major-Vlinor OII'icc System

Today in Assembly a member of
the Temporary Judicial Board will
read the Major and Minor offices,
and explain the Major-Minor Office
system. Under this system, no stu-
dent is allowed to hold more than
one major office or more than two
minor offices. If u student is nom-
inated for more than one major
office or for more than two minor
oll'ices, he must sublnlt a preference
list to the Board by next Friday at
H A.M. The office he prefers first
should be pluced first on the list,
and thereafter in descending order.

   

 

' damn»
Qumlde

 

 

 

By SHEEHAN and DAY

What do the numbers 4 and 7
mean to you? Nothing? To us (we
put ’em together they mean the
best class that ever came to State.
Athletically, we are unequaled, and
what’s more, we can prove it!

Only the Beginning

Early in September of ’43 the
Blue Devils—they were only Sophs
then—ruthlessly tossed rivalry at us
in the form of touch football. We
can still see them marching trium-
phantly onto the field, prepared to
make the kill. When they left it
was a different story, and ’47 had
just begun to prove her worth. In
other words, kids, we beat ’eml Bas-
ketball was taken over by the women
of the class for the duration. And
how they took it over! They really
hit the top, winning two out of the
three games played, and thereby es-
tablished another athletic strong
point.

We Won

Our Sophomore Year was the ful-
fillment of all the rivalry dreams a
class could possibly hope for. We
copped the football and basketball
laurels again, and in addition—get
this, kids—in addition—we scored
high in hockey and swimming. Not
content to win the conventional riv-
alry sports program, the Gremlins
were instrumental in making arch-
cry and bowling two of the “musts”
in future rivalry. With all these
victories chalked up on our side of
the score book, there just wasn't
lnuch left for the Daffies to win,
was there?

Something Ncw’s Been Added

The women, having acted as
guardians to the rivalry points,
gracefully ceded the sports spot-
l.ght to the men of our class. The
Junior men continued the high ath—
letic traditiln which ’47 had set
forth. Did ja notice all the Juniors
on our varsity basketball team, did
'ju, huh? Softball is still in the
offing. and if the season comes up
to expectations the Juniors will
probably be out in front as usual.
From One Who Knows

Even Coach Hathaway has recog-
nized the superior sports ability of
the Junior class, and he should
know. He has summed up '47’s po-
tentialities in this statement, “The
class of '47 has ability unsurpassed
by any other Junior Class that I
have even witnessed at State Col-

cgc."

Men Student Guides Needed

Dr. Ellen G. Stokes, Dean of Wom-
en, has stated that there is an ur-
gent nccd for more men to serve as
student guides. There will be a list
on Dcan Stokcs’ Bulletin board all
day today for this purpose.

Starting Monday morning, inter-
views will be held in Dean Stokes"
office for all those who signed up
to serve as guides.

CENTRAL
Barber Shop

2l0 Central Avenue Albany, N. Y.

 

 

 

:* 'l
, . w 7
it.  literate! & Son
Pharmacists
i’ﬁl/UIIJHHI'D I'IOS I'lIONE 4-2036
I57 CENTRAL AVE.
ALBANY. N. Y.

Central

I
Vacuum Repair Shop
ALBANY. N. Y.
PHONE 4-0247

lot if- CENTRAL AVE.

 

 

 

GEORGE D JEHNEY. Plum.

BOULEVARD

198 200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

The most of the Iicst

for the [bust

DIAL 5~-19I3

GAFETEBIA

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

  
 

 

 

  
 

' -'--,-'..-..n ..
‘Jpv p. A.:'.,“.',..“‘ g :_ I) . .

8

ALBANY, NEW YORK, FRIDAY,MAY 3, 1946

i !: WWI-r  _ "0“  '

  

TODA Y

 

2.444
VOL. xxx no. a":

Bentley, Combs Seek Presidency Of SA;
Students Will Discuss Budget In Assembly

.  .5. Class Elections

7 Also Scheduled
Alter Meeting

Motion Provides Cut
For 5. U. This year

Discussion of the Student Associa-
tion budget and elections for class
and Student Association officers will
be held in today's Assembly. At
the meeting of Student Council
Wednesday night, plans were dis-
cussed concerning the schedule of
activities for Moving-Up Day.

Ruth Bentley and Robert Combs,
Jumors, are competing for the pres-
idency of Student Association. oth-
ers running for Student Associa-
tion offices include the following:
Eloise Worth, Alice Prindle, William
Baldwin, and Alice Williams, Soph-
omores, for vice-president; Cath-

 

States-Men Moving-Up Doy Boll
‘To Feature Kieler’s Orchestra 

Highlighting a weekend of gala has been played and last dance is
iﬁatltfity,UtheDaStallieslilvien’s;h annual finished, the last kiss — or rather

ov;ng- p y a n e Page when you are home again and rem-
Salllell‘l-Il prgmise: to oiitshitnehaig,v iniscing anew over an evening to

ov ng- p ay orma ye e . remember—it won't be necessary to
ice! outshine ctan beftaketn literally, consider it a weekend at an end, for
01' a new Sys em 0 all oma 08 Y the States-Men have yet another
changing colors in the spotlight 15 card to draw.
to be innovated at this dance——

I

through the ingenuity of a couple “3.1:; made: Algal“!
of science majors. Five colors will 1 s a p on Hunday—at m"
be reflected alternately on dancing d an Lagder‘ There will be your
couples below who will jitterbug. fpfm‘lnty m “Wk m any ath'
swing, and sway (dance, that is) to eh c mge you may feel mcnned to-
me smooth rhythms of Tommy Word, by climbing cliffs and playing
Klefer. Streamers from every cor— ? “we softban' {naybe' But just
her of the gym will also meet at a g; 0&5: ya“ haggnt any einergy lebft
point in the center of the ceiling 9‘ me' ere prom Ses,t° e
producing a colorful tent-like dome :0 sgﬁlﬁ‘slﬁﬁcﬂﬁd—(ﬁﬁﬁgy 153;}: E3:
and ffirirther accentuating the ilght- can cookl) ’ cl in D 1]

us 6 eon ‘ ' e onne y, Mar aret ‘
T l f   Iaalit  and Jean Pulvel‘, fresgmen 
ommyxe "as arch . ' ' , 1a 5 D b C 'I S k T D' rotary; Marion Vitull ,

“You say you haven,t heard Tom_ Emd ﬁrepilille for an evening of fun—— 9     o  Dllbc. Juniors, for GrghdiIlliilall'Is‘h‘ililtll'1

or w be fun and 1t Wm be Jean Ineson, Mary Cheatham, fresh-,-

myvﬁlleniﬁs orChesthm? t 11 em something to remember And then A I c

” en, ou aven' v " " ' ‘

So ﬁle timeyto start is at the after a good night's rest (heh) the   nnua   Sheldlizlfnliilagirfhllngkel-

Movlnpup Day Ban __ obviously. picnic w.ll finish up—Moving-Up Mary Louise Casey, '46, President Gladys Hawks prhomores Ming.

More than “Rely, though. you have Day Weekend. Marianne Davis, '46, President of of Music Council, has announced Corey. Betty Brennan Junibr airy

been previously impressed by the Debate Council, has stated that an “mt the annual spring concert of song leader; and Helen Jentsl’ingsr
inmal debate will be held tomorrow “10 SW30 0011008 orchestra, chorus Richard Smith, Dorothy sturzen:

magic melody Tommy Kiefer gave
out i ' t - . ., . .
Wt“ “'9 “‘5 Jun“ Pmm- Senior Class To  night at 7:30 PM. in the Lounge.  ﬁtmegﬁ  ‘gﬁf' ff’é’g'd'lgﬁl’mz‘} Wfkmj Hilbert W91“-
- - t -  ' pp n, un ors; Sheila.

   

RUTH BENTLEY

ROBERT COMBS

 

will be their last Moving-Up Day
Ball as a member of Student Asso-
ciation, while visiting alumnus will 0‘
be busy renewing acquaintances and
reviving memories of former years
at State.

And finally, after the last song

 

 

SA. Electrons  ‘

 

 

li‘livllledl wig: a clertain sentiment T) L , f U m u b
as m, ng. p wee end is bound to . 1e ppm or is mee ng wi e, lessor of Music, will conduct the
be. this dance will be one of the last F'rst P ost'war  “Resolved: That Palestine become a concel'iv Cllmﬂxmb’ “19 semester's gghﬁggiiiresanfciir Jsflznii Iii/recorimck'
of the social affairs of the year at Th Jewish State U class work, and Mary Naylor, ’47, is Finance ' u en Boa"! Of
State. For Seniors and Grads it e senior Ban wm be held again ' general Chairman and imblicliy (11- - i ‘
this ﬁne :13” several years' lapsev State will take the negative side I'GCLOI'. nuance B‘mrd M‘mon
aware leis: oiling: Miner, President and me delegates from New RO_ I Tho periomnnnce will be divided i ‘11:! ic'c‘umcction with the budget to
, l u . I V I into four parts. The orchestra will u “u'ssw mday' Stl‘dent Board
Betty Hamilton, .46. has been 0‘9 '3‘ W1“ “5’ imd move the “mlm' play selections from Mendelssohn of Finance recommends the fCHOW-
choscn general. chairman of the iiLlVe. Dr. Roland C. Burton, PI‘O- Jurncfcit, Offenbach. and Ippolitov: mg mono“ to Student Assocmtlom
Ball, which Will be held Friday. lessor of English, will be the critical Ivunov. Agnes Young, ’46, accom- "That “"3 Slimlth Umon appropria-
June 14. Arrangements for an or- judge for the debate, giving his panich by Muriel Navy, '46, at the “on be reduced from 51" (10119“
chestra will be made by Alice Mc- opium of the qualities of each piano, and thc opcretta chorus. will "0 four Clonal-‘5 t0 COVE? the increased
. . C;owan, and Leila Sontz has charge team, Those representing state are be the soloist in a cuntutu by Henry “03" 0f l'e'esmbnsmng Men's Ath-
  gre' Pgoglmll'g- Gigs! bCPDlmitteeh Betty Rose Hilt and Patricia Shee- Hadley. letic Association without raising the
Chairmaelciorzﬁgnauu zglelth 8Neil. hnn. Juniors, A Tschulkmvski string quartet will '9”de talk" The bUdget of every
. . . em, D '  H i 1 ﬁlm 90‘9' M t, 1 ' ' I be played by Dr. Stokes and Rosu- organization on campus will also be
  s e “113- “100 BUG of. Millie all b11011 Dione-l. 47._ Is in Lnd Ginsburg, '46, violins Marjorie up for individual discussion
8 Liebl. Muriel Navy, Genevieve Sa- charge 01 al'l'angemcnts for the chly, '47 viola and ’Mar aret L '
batini and Jean Whitney; Tickets, evening which Includes refreshments I-Iclfnol.’  ccno_' The chorus,ng swam“ COUNC“ W111 SDODSOI' Em
Works Include Sec"es printing, Rose Bcidl, and selling, following the debate. Two practice sing rive numbers ,lccdmpﬂméd b 1mm “m1 dime" in the commons at
Esther Will; and Publicity. Doris debates to be given by tryouts are Louise Rollcmo ’47 and Jean Sta}: “1001050 01 the traditional Movmg'
0‘ Albany, Sag-ﬂog. Ives, chairman, and Betty Rose also scheduled for some time next plcton, '48, piullists.'und Miss Glns- it“) Day exam” "ex-ii Fl’lde- The
Beginning today an exhibit of Diamond' week“ bill's. solo violinist. .SILMO SW." Wm minis“ We "111510
1 b M‘ G M u 101 the affair. Robcrt Sullivan '46,
water 0° 9” y 55 “we “r n has been uppointcd general chair-
of the Milne Art Department will
be on view in Room 207, Draper.
These will include paintings which
Miss Martin has completed since
her exhibit last year.
Many of the paintings were done
.ust summer while Miss Martin was
making a trip on her brother's
yacht. Included in the exhibit will
be one entitled "Fishing Shacks."
local scenes showing the Port of
Albany and the Hudson River Door-
way and also of the Grand Union
Hotel In Saratoga. Miss Martin has
also done a painting of the Unit-
arian Chapel and of the Cohoes
Skating Rink.
Miss Martin, who has stated that
she would "rather paint than cat."
.s secretary of the Albany Artists
Group. This group recently spon-
sored on Art exhibit in the bounce
which drew the attention of local
art lovers and historians.

 

Slate Pierce Room Drawing

An announcement from Dr. Ellen
C. Stokes. Dean of Women, states
that drawing for rooms at Pierce
Hall will take place next week. Mrs.
Macalaughlin. house mother. at
Soylcs Hall, will announce next week
when the drawings will take place
at Sayles.

The Juniors draw for rooms yes-
terday at Pierce: the Sophomores
will draw on Tuesday and the fresh-
men on Wednesday.

lllilll.

Concerl  InSlll'Ule FeClUl'eS LOCO, PlanlSl', Singer Rivalry to End Soon

Helen Slack Shurc. '40, has stated

 

  

Marvin Schwartz was only recent-
ly discharged from service. llc has
been singing in publlc for about 43'»;
years. ills first appearance was in
the opera, "Martha." produced by
the Albany Light Opera Company.
While In Paris he took part In a
talent contest in which he Won first
prize. Since his discharge he has
taken part in a mlnstrel show and
appeared several times on the radio.

 

   

i". I.

Miss Wlimu Simon. at young piuno
student, is preparing for n carver in
music. For the past few yours she
has studies at the Albany Conserva-
“try of Music under b‘lunlcy Illun—
nlcl and Edward MorrIs. Miss St-
ulon Is interested In all types of
music and music appreciation and
Is planning to attend the Juilllurd
School of Music following the milli-
plctlon of her college education.

 

Tommw M 8:30 PM” Wilma Sh that nil rivalry will end on the
mou, pianist of Troy. and Marvin mmmgm’ “more anmg”Up Day
Schwartz, bul'ltonc of Albany. will Wm] me excepl’k’” of the Skit” and
IIIili.(‘ in u joint recital at the Albany the rivalry 5mg" The Skit“ to be
111,111,“, “1- “55,0”, and ML Tm‘s presented by the l'lVill classes will
\vdi be at professional debut for both b“ l"de 0“ “‘0 bum“ or Clown"
“Us”. ncss, uppropriutcness, audience up-

.‘-.ll:»,s Hinton will render such mnn- I""“’l“ll”“l “I‘d IN'O-locuun- Ol'lla'm'
up, up 1pm,”.y_Km-5u]mm arm”, ulity u1)prom'lutencss, adaptability,
plug” 1,1 who numb“. 13003- Dn- und execution will be considered in
l)l.;1ii)".‘~; "(Illill'O do Lune," “Prelude Judging the sins. Judsus for the
l'.l D Minor” by Schoslokovich, “’l‘hc vvvnls have not rot been chosen.
gw .n‘ by pujmm-cn, mm mm- other Mrs. Shurc also emphasized that if
'1:lcci.iolls by Chopin. Mr. Schwul‘tz uny confusion results among the
'xns' l-hoscn for his cmltributlons to clussl-s Ill moving their lines, and
ho program it colnbimltion of clus- particularly ill forming the class
lf'.ll und populur music including nulul-ruls, the class marshals should
urn-.1 M'll'l‘l..:llls us “1 Love Life" by he followed. ’l‘hcy, with the class
_‘.'itllllltl-7.Iit‘i'll, "Song of the Vugu- officers will lend the individqu clas-
botnl" by F‘l'ilnl, “’l‘Iu-n You'll l'tc- 505 “ml curry the banners.
tl‘lclllllf‘l‘ Mr" from Bulfc‘s llohcmluu Student Council will hold their
IAIN. U "0110 W110 Hus YOIII‘IIOII unnunl bunquct ncxt Friday night
Anne by ’l‘schulkowsky us well us at, McCumwls on sum, ' street.
\“U “0101”: 1'0 My “0011-” "u Ct‘li'llll Axolrod. '47. is general
Might As Well he Spring," and (lhuh'nlunl
“Ilrrulllivss.” He will ulso l'cndcr
"Soul? Didi." Illl original con'lposi—
tion )y l‘ll word Morris, piuuist of ,
Albany. ‘ Senior lvy Speaker
'l‘ickvls [or the event are 00c pcl'
pcl'Htlll. ’I‘hcy may be purchased at The nomlnutions for ivy speaker
the Albuny Institute of History and include Ruth Elgic. Joyce McDonald,
Art, 125 Washington Avenue, at lt‘ilccn Moody, and Anita Pediaich.
l’tln Curler's music store, 120 State Vt‘ihtw will be bold Friday in as.
Sti'cct, or at Pomlncr's music store sculny and the result will be an-
in Troy. uounced Monday.

 

     

 

 

      

 

    
  
 
   

   
    
   
 
 
 
 

  
 
           
   
      

 

 

 

   
   
       
 

   
    
     

