 

 

 

 

 

".5 pro; l... f .,

 

t      *
needle-"allots

:Is;y r;

‘71 a, f“ . .
vol.  __,.November aisle ‘ No. retreat

 _ Ill, lab I a -
Asedci‘it’ed' doushrm'rren- » smut?”
The under rsduate nests sper of the New York State Col- em comic coun
league; (far-yytggclﬁgslum :hed {ma Fads «gilt» tion?“ ‘10 _
s-om, Kittie, e: ; asols y. MOI. Members at the salts

staff may be reached Tues.. and Wed. from 1 to 11 :80 PJI. ness. is only akin-deep, is only the
It 3-94“ ' v - mask and make-up of the critic-we
shall take the “pan” and put it ill
.  and see how it "pans"

-' Theories-Deed
atanv r. resales: .  . . .
IIRNAID si’. sirens? . . .
ANN Loaders: .‘ . . . .
'Loam' stuni . . r .
PATRICIA shaman . . . . .
vm‘omla bay . . . . .

.  ‘
“ITOIolN-GNII'

smell-Mica seasons only
seem some
MAIIRV FINDII . . -

weal. about: . . . . .
amt usv . -

retreat: Iwerr'c'r'rr' - l
‘ I‘M” 2

 

 

st   

Eulogy, kudos. taunts," superla-
“ma ﬁnd a hﬁugeggswmg commonest,» .ahsrlssuhsserwho
v ness from the monstrous features
0'  now, let us sweep all this ﬂowery
"mm" " “i”:  fifth: .2le.: Tim if}

people. out to prove that this ugh-01°14“ Jeffer-

_ To Arthur Soderlind a coronet of tired bodies strip-teasing . , ,
“WNW. “"0" of acclaim for the heat production functorily whose sense of the risque title. that”. to 8 4mm 101' “.10 hilt—would rather
mm” INA-II this year. he was courageous not would be he held as their unattire. turn 9 rock neatly will We place and cover up the
V _ ' in presenting one act from a, A.D. does not have the intuition nec- Mime“, undemﬂth mm 0390” it i"0 the public.
Um mm. three act play, but also in assault- essary for good
. I g _ _ in! the virginsl naiVete and quasie
MARTHA 1’0"“? c o - v "Vim"!!! mum ,Vic’twian attitudes shown by many vesty, the gusto to capi ’liile fully
anyhow-lit. assure of us in our klttenis‘hrea‘otion to on the possibilities of a farce. ft the report was orisinellv Maud to Roses to be
asseelsrs selves sex on the stage with the impact of does not take much to amuse a state Written up and filed in the Federal Court here when
eesselers source mature, adult ideas. Furthermore,
. seahorses selves began a finality to that one act
“ ' “ V ' " ’  that was ahnost satisfactoryto those
of us who are acquainted with the
entire play. A‘ big horseshoe wreath

 

mgr ,     r V r 
Arthur Collins: one sprig of m- A  I

ﬂute
Ir rerun! snout!

s bou u t of ye stables to Miss COURSE so. vrf—a men or murmur
Jaifer. gftgr seeing what AD. cm Have you evor experienced the sensation that coian
do with a farce, I wonder what it from turning over a rock and finding slippery worms
mm d° w "Wee" It We  trusses W“
so t ion recession ass . may e m ; “e
mommy pr 3 n " B p per- one the immession that certain gOVernment officials—

has immved but needs to develop
.stage.presence and.memory. Arid

Rogge Was dismissed from the Attorney General’s
Department for disclosing contents of a report he made
on Nari seditionist and propaganda plans here. Since

comedy, the ﬂair
for the ludicrous, the talent for tra-

cousgs sudtshss. Jaﬂer’g product. final action was (if ever) taken on the sedition cases,
tum wss that «hat much,» The in. and it was written with the Intention to be made
hersnt humor of the play. the 33311. public, why was Rogge ousted from the Department
houhgs of path panels-u, the {that for disclosing its contents? If the reason for the
tableau helped; but otherwise, the bushing process is that a disclosal of the report might

an ’colllllltiniclltlonls should be addressed to the editor no for a superior set; verbal orchids to ﬂirtation scene was slow; lines were turn a few Nazi-affiliated feces red. then there’s hard-

n’ust be signed.

for opinions expressed In its columns or communicato-

Name- vm be Withheld silos seat. the Misses Lois Fillman and Man matted and mutilated; and the di- Ir a reason at all.
T'” STATE COLLEGE NEW“ "mm" W "'Wmlm‘ Standing; the adjective "good" as alogue hobbled when it should have
boutonnierea for Everson Kinn and run.

Rogge, after all the time he has spent investigating
the subject. is in a better position than many others

 

as such express and do not assessor!!! out its View.

 

to inform the American people about Fascist activities
in our country—past, present, and future. And if we

 

Backstage Bouquet . . . 314:,
a We like to mix a few bouquets with our bricks voc-
casionally, and this week We’re throwing one in the
direction of AD and those associated with the or-

ganization.

By MARJORIE HARLAND

November 8. 1946—1 certainly hope that everyone nows what day this Shirts (the American equivalent of the Hitlerlah
is! That's right, folks. It’s Sadie HaWkins Day and free hunting for the Brown Shirts), George Deatherage, founder or the
female of the species. of course everyone knowa about the first Sadie Knights of the White Cornelia (an organization Klu

wish to erase this word “future” from the Fascist
agenda, we must first find out who all the Fascists
are and Rogge is the man who can tell us.

We do know that some of those mentioned in the
report are William Dudley Pelley, leader of the Silver

war '

 

i Thiins not an attempt to pass judgment on the Hawkins Day. It seems Sadie‘s father, rather discouraged that his daugh- Klux Klanish in character). JoJo MeWilliams, head
'dramauc worth of {ma} productions seen in Page ter hadn’t taken the fatal step, marriage, that is, decided to give all of the Christian Mobilizers, Fascist hate group, Eliza-

'Oh Tuesday nights. That is left to our critic.

eligible men in Dogpatch a great opportunity—to escape marriage with both Dilling, etc. etc. What we don’t know is how
aforementioned Sadie by means of a race. After all, all's fair in love and these people operate (besides spreading anti-every-

We ‘10 feels however, that a great deal 0f credit war, and in this case the latter prevailed; but at sundown, there was thing propaganda), who is connected with them, how

should go to those who have devoted more time than peace again in dogpatch, mighty Sadie got her manl

they can" ‘molly‘spare to the countless jobs necessary ‘
for every play. The excellent set in this week’s pro-
duction, for example, was the result of long hours 
of after-School Work in the cramped annex facili-
fties. ,
There seems to be no limit to the time spent in T" the mm"
- rehearsals at every hour of the day and night in a. I“ Mde' menmﬂm “1333’ 5°”
sincere effort 'to furnish a worthwhile product for "me" we” dimmed m' “w W"
State College consumption. Add to this list the p°s° °1 answering “my “95mm
work of costumes, properties, make-up, research, Which the “We” might mm It
fetid. and you have some idea of the magnitude of “meson” me' hfwevsr' muff‘repms
I e job_ . were genera, an spec o ans-
Alihough AD plays do not have the polish of a we“ were “Mded'
.Proadw'ay production, they are the result of as Are the freshmen fully aware of
much effort assay professional cast ever put into a the financial obligations? Not only
drama. Don’t forget this next time you’re in Page. are yearly dues mandatory. but also
:r . certain sums are levied for the u -
Comment on Misconduct . . ,. keep of the house and for mileage
We’d like to make a short and not ver sweet the 9mm" 0’ mm “mm”-
Y
slammed; on thehfracas in last? Friday’s assembly. A tummy member 45 mine to he
i e con uct. _o t e freshman and Sophomore classes drafted to no. at ths somttty houss.
~or the mlsconductjwnas a far cry from the In some cssss thts may mosh huh;
curregtly tlleolretloal spint of fan play and mm m s mom, not with ans roommate,
mill? ecencyt at forms the beers of rivalry. hut wtth two ht- thrss others, It's
. or“ your information, Sophomores, the expres- chummy, but s uttls crowded (or
aion making the freshman crawl was never in- studying. Failure to move when
tended to be interpreted literally. The condition mm“ “mm m a “me
3f tthle flrosh when they ﬁnally emerged grom the Uhsxshssd shsshcss 1mm weekly
ou e. me 0. gay young Sophomores Was I meetings are fined.
damaging testimony to the un-sportsmanllke littl-
‘tude of illicit rival ,class. Broken glasses, damaged m that my my be u
o othing, ost beaniss and the like were entirely un~ on ° 3°") mm " '
necessary. Nor were the freshmen blameless. Shar mm important mm” m u “of
r P true. The president of SCA, the edi
elbow ‘punches below the belt, and hard cracks in tor of the saws. the .vice~president
the shins went far beyond the bounds of the ex- 8’ wt: '13: “WE” gyﬁm“ mm,“
,pected give and take between the classes. °" °. em" en ‘ any peope
If rivalry cannot be won by fair means, we sug- me am 5' and proud 0‘ the mm

gest both closses give up now, before someone gets Under the Present, not-Yet'l‘evmed
hurt. system of rushing, freshman can be
Judged only on an artificial basis;
how they dress, how they act when
they are with sorority women. Less
that: lt?f36bm011]llh8 “of friendship,
' res r c c y ru as) a very short
Egg g-ﬁrggﬁnﬁaoflpﬁmﬁgmo m L0 time in which to choose friends to
. . .— s un a. .
wr£cgauﬁowgw 13 8  one pledges eternal sister
: . . em try Club meetin in 0
Richardson. Mr. 0‘ K. anodeftgxgpgggj The mechanics of rushing should
Thursday—November u be made known to freshmen. At the
mum noon__Meetmg of “The Grads" first meetings of the school year
intaay_Nowmbe, 15 lists of eligible rushaes and pros-
4:00 PM. - 8:00 P.M.—Social meeting for Commu- new” members “m compu‘m' Du"
ten Commons ing the successive meetings, names

8.00 ledazoo mum mum“ _ are read aloud and the individual
dents mucommon}: for maduato at“ freshmen are discussed according to

8:30 P.M.—Music Council presents Paul Matthcn. mmmmy' Nam“ “6 added to and

baritoh and vtvts dropped from the list as the fresh-
Page ﬁsh n Hawey' "mm m man gains or loses popularity with

“an” “and”. the members of that sorority.
3330~D0btit8 Council seminar meetings in Room loo Itla “we to know both the Virtues
w” w" WW' l and the evils of an organization he-
j ,aﬁLSeminar meetings for upperclassmen, Room to“ you subscribe to 1"
lws  M'IOI‘OI'“,

 

 

Freshmen may have the impres-

 

College Cdlendar 

Tuesday—November 1!

far their tentacles reach, and how we can 5
f‘Well, if Sadie can do it, so can Rogue and Attorney General Clark know tttlllsthsgli
we," This was the response of col. for some reason when Rogge decided to let the 'truth
lege students across the country, be known officially, he was subtly silenced.
and they began to celebrate with The execution of the eleven top Nazis at Nuremburg
Sadie Hawkins Day dances, this year does not necessarily constitute the end of all Fascism'
hams ho exceptmh, Out at Syracuse any fool knows that. Until all fascist activities 
where such a as,th 1s bsmg plan- be traced down to the roots and quelled, we have not
had the following comments were rid ourselves of it—and this ridding process should
heard; p . become an immediate goal. It would be too bad to be—
t “It 31$“: give :2: girls 9, chance cog: lethargic at this stage.
0 cu e :- owh as s," e Rogge report should be mad -
«xtv about time the girls chased though the slippery worms found bgngatltlhu:  ﬁle

 

 

the boy3_ We've been running after distasteful to look at, it is far better
them an 9m ltvss. Now tt's ttms for their activity upon first notice than to tgtt‘élrllapll 31:1:
9, changsg He wasnyt around during easier way and turn the look back into place It's a
the was sows won't dismustoh hum messy process, indeed, but guarantees that the'crawl-
To Out of Not To Cut ing things underneath won't multiply underground
Syracuse was m the umsught this until they become numerous enough to slide out from
week with another item of interest. under the rock and surround it.
It was announced that the system
of double-cuts and point loss had
been waived for the Thanksgiving 6 3
weekend. Single cuts and no loss of m-
honor points will prevail with con-
fidence being placed in the student
may t9, “om ammonia cutting of The Common-Stator is given the widest latitude as
2.13:!“ .author of this column, although his viewpoints do not
necessaril
Rmeu Base Ems "any went an 3/ reflect those of the State College News.
guilt“ at: prevention Week with the FOR MEN ONLY
ac g as firemen, climbing to We’d like to bring to the attent
smoke filled rooms, making rescues position for correction to the condlgignohfut‘hgemgn:
and even Jumping into safety nets shower room. Ordinarily two usable showers would
below. The demonstration concluded suffice. but with a basketball squad and a large num-
méhutlgeﬂwgluthiJ-(b: ggiwomig drtlv- bar 1on: tstudents finding it necessary to use the show-
0 e s a- ers e men's locker room, shower-he d
tion from whence it had come. replaced on those which are not in work‘l‘ng3 Egggltiiolhe
stwglggatl‘lle :42 (will? smashed at Here's the lineup: I
. on ure 0 ego e army No. 1—Showera clothes hair i
was l\‘lery amazed at a resqueat for possess-by. leaving the user ehﬂglfliryll" wall and
we undred dozen baby diapers. It No. 2—Usable, but soon to fall in catego with
zoom: hthan the Chemistry depart- shows.- No, 1, W
mam: sducovgrewgttmesgcg; “  at-drllls the user in much the some rasllion as
:3?)  of towels for use in the Norms'ﬂcw‘: 3mm" mm “mm
shoring“: Oxngﬁggdgﬁnggglghoe‘m: 9v a“Flogmiimshowors innocent individual drying self off,
ml??? 3 Bonn Venture also comes helm“. in 153': of all other showers in vcinlty, without
30% 03255 sentirglerrgggétlttleggem: Results of a diligent survey of plumbing supply
much!" and she raised her fl; 1 80 houses in the capitol district disclosed the fact that
and mad Mam" V0 V8? the necessary shower-heads can be obtained at 3-2194
m the “onus” guggvtgghggdﬁ-{goivgkﬁcs each. How about it???
Eairly‘tltlough it is. basketball is This little item was rec'd by the Com-Stat We in-
$83113);}.03‘ggggﬁ?€t:lcﬁg::tbgizsea- Egrlgliﬁl; itt as a confession by the organization of its
. unit, a y o landlc such a sim l ‘
substitutions; listless 05w"! 1‘“? "w  “953333333 "i 
I , mm as on 0 do somethn about i -
the results of which we’ll be seeing unison do it? C C I “one” on m muh
when they clash with our own pur- won’t let u ' ‘ hu-s "led and we udmn‘s‘muon
Pie and sold quintet which is also tio mun. will'lmvelaw or have a tmmo squad. m-
chga;gl‘5 ‘fﬁatml fray this winter. Ans: Why not try another poster? Personally We
RPI is making final plans for liﬁhohlgcflledush‘ll‘lisiig I1mm Em; 9 um“ um congeémn
their Inter-Fraternity Ball this that we're Worried hbghtpuuvws Who am mm on “me
gteoegmudl—Eas are 'quits a number of AND A FINAL WORD ONICo-OP
..      °"     
I - I . scve‘ " 
3;?l‘ogxtéf day tacked on to our us- difficult to make the tralililliclllaclhmvlzluggibylti‘la “relish!
“messedﬂiligeﬂwszggng twith ifootball backs reposed in the pockets. Miss Evelyn Morgal‘l for-
aomeohe b Rub a w in that met manager of the (lo-op, married Charles Sullivan
tor a wants?) all“: on the attends last Friday. and Mrs. Rosemary Bull is now manager
predated brill: 0“ l W 81W"! bib Bully for her. Also We set a 10-15% discount on texts
. and Co-op makes about 33% to defray cost of help.

 

it...

 

 

 

 

By RITA SHAPlBo
Thanksgiving vacation is only a

few weeks away. and as yet WAA Amid shouts of uvm m ,m" and .
has not appode captain“ m" “3" 1' "Br '49. '50! Some classi". the an- ANDY To Will
ketball. It seems that every year nual sophdrosh rum hockey .

 Tie Score; 0-0 t '

v Pltyloll.Geme, Nov. 13

 

 

. er'ara. cocaine, ‘Nu‘vlo'. elitism]; you!!!“ I. ma

- Katy-e 

 

With Frosh Favorites

this matter is overlooked until agame got underway on Page field ~- .
couple of days before recess when , Notre Dam: 
th teams must be in to the cap- of late autumn in the air, eleven '

peppy frosh. clutching their faith-

last Tuesday. With the sharp twang

ta .
Anotice is posted on the bulletin ful hockey sticks, held the power-
hosrd and after a few members of a ful Red Devils to a 0-0 deadlock. 32$“,o‘ﬁ’wﬁﬁd 

group house. or sorority (NOT the

For a breathtaking and exhausting mtmml mm_coueshu mm

complete group) haVe talked it over, forty-five minutes the two teams to, ‘9“ The 1m_“utsd cm

later drops out of the schedule be-
cause it lacked the support of the

The s°pmm°re “m "1"" “'3 discussions among the men of Sta .

Pr .
Wednesday. Dhcussions and record.-
oncerniul

saturda ' “battle of the cent " of honor points. . se” .. .rear
N m A recommendation was made to Point Vanity, .
approach WAA to set up coopera- rsaiatrs tion in
lively an equipment store to sell at
th decide to have a team which fought "shin guard to shin d a d ‘  Bmmfwthoqsutmtmt‘m
W ' " “8‘13? " the come enceo e an .
to claim the longed-for three points. Elegxenznhgkgglﬁ: untied

t l

V: MAA Policies 

State 5 Men Favor MWJgsmmof'd‘l'egaédreg-y   h '2

William
madsc‘

m were . .

the future policy of M We

lag grandee, hltrsmuralsports, sale
I

hie/tie equipment. and a system

hated Favorable action will assure the 011- tion  in a.” will .
' eration of such a store within a opponent for steaks:

majority of the members. This fact year of experience as a united team wondermg just when m. “was month.

has hindered the schedule, teams were favored to win the contest. 1”
However’ alums the mat ten mm' station in the fucker room and pro-
m’es of play “5 “‘3 pm“ the “'5 ceeded to quiz unsuspecting passera-
greatest Weakness was it's lack of by. Here 15 what a cross seem“
team “Wk ‘“ pass“ the ba“ Once the men of State had to say about 0
it was in their possession. Joslin, as the big game.
left inner and Owens, as center for- Tucker. 0105,; but N
ward were the sparkpmgse 01 the Osborn: Army to win 20-12.
EOphoaorelmrgud lg” mixer and Taylor: Army over Notre Dame l4-
enne i pay 3 W 85' Du up 8. l _
we discovered that Nov. 10, 1939 was ﬁght, that was hard to Stop but egagétg-P-Ctgdggsurzg 230;);

and play-offs.

In thumbing through the back
copies of the NEWS We especially
noticed the times when WAA start-
ed and concluded its basketball sea-
son.

Early Deadline
Going way back. before the war,

 Statesman. we took a

the deadline for teams to Sign up which lacked that “hockey-finesse” . -
for the league. and that games were needed to score. The big guns of the 3&3‘1’, gnﬁ‘ﬁnngl" 13
to be played directly after Thanks- Red Devil's backfield, Moberg, cap- Erma the Hermit. Ammo” u by

giving. The season concluded on
Feb. 14, 1940.

tain of ’49, playing center halfback,
and Sittig, playing right halfback, Abrams: Army to win 21.14

The following year. after Signing disappointed the fans by not living - to Dose -
up 011 NOV- 15. the SOhedule was up to their usual excellence on the $3.113, :' 30:61“ 21223 7 7
planned for after the recess. Two field of play. Dot Midgley starred Hoyt: Irish and mum 28.44
new teams were added and the as '49’5 smadieSt Plaer'l’laymg the D. Sullivan: ND you know Why 21-19

play-offs ended Feb. 28, 1941.

defensive that upset the frosh many h 1 . -14
Because teams had not Signed up times in their attempts to score 8 01“ 0’" Army by a nose m

Marzello: So. Bend and Lujack 27-14

below Thanksﬁivmgl WAA (leaded The Blue Jays, with spirit substi— E 1 th H mm. wh "ah" es“
wt to Start the Sign-up untu after mung for experience' made a Show' Philiusziahchard andyDavis £144
vacation. This forced the games to ing that surprised both rival classes. Kloepfelz An edge to Army 1345

which was before Easter.
‘42 Slow Year

The year of ’42 was a slow one. than once,

Due to “inefficiency of WAA" (and

Eddie Keleher, right inner, and Bivmno; "Army of course."

I quote from the NEWS of that Ruth Matteson. captain of '50 and B] b r : Close but Am 21.13
year). first plans were not started right wing. dribbled and passed like Erzsieetge Herm’m Ahﬂml'my “n

until Feb. 5. 1943. and this forced hockey veterans. Backing up Elsie
the schedule to be played after Eas- Adams, center, Jean Hotaling. cent- J. Taylor; Cadets to edge ND. 21.1

ter, finally concluding on April 16. er halfback. played an outstanding- Madsen. Amy by two 23-“

when the trophy was awarded.
Learning that more teams intend-

ed to enter intro-mural basketball,

games were started on Dec. 3, 1943

1y aggressive game as her long drives Favreau: Easy for Irtsh 20-12

placed the ball in scoring position Gordon; Army to win 23.13.

many times. Mary Lou Henkel, left McCarthy: Close but 1.1112443
half, and Ruth Smith, right fullback, R. Sullivan: Too much Army 1342

when the season began Again the gave the team the backbone needed Jackson: Army of course 3947
winners were not announced until to ward Off the experienced SODhS. Weber Army over ND 41-12

after Easter vacation, and the sea-
son ended officially on April 28.
Teams were organized before va-

score, another game will be held
next Wednesday afternoon. Although O’Brien: Irish to tﬂumph 1443

Since the game ended With a “8 Karpiak: ND to upset Cadets si-le
McNamara: Army to win 27-14

cation in the fall of 1944, practices there may have been a Slight Shift Monroe; West potht on top 7-5
started on December 1, and the Wm. in opinion, the Sophomores still hold stone. Cadets to Wm 743

ners were announced on April 20.

Last year. due to a system of
elimination, the schedule was com-
pleted by April 5, which was the
first time in three years it had end-
ed before vacation Practices started
on November 30. which was again
after the recess
Praol this Now?

Concluding from the above review
that because of more teams in the
league, Easter Vacation early in
April, and the late start of basket-
ball ln the fall, WAA has forced play-
offs up further in the schedule so
that now they are concluded after
spring sports have been inaugurat-
ed. Why can't practices start now
and the schedule get under way in
two weeks??? In this way, teams
could be organized efficiently, and
the schedule could be made out
immediately. Those students who
have gone out for hockey have had
ample time to secure credit since it
is held three times a week.

Upon interviewing several mem-
bers of WAA they were all of the
opinion that basketball must be
started earlier if the schedule is to
be completed.

Dunlay and Dube, seniors, feel
that because of mid-sums and extra
Work in April practises should begin
soon. Also spring sports could be
organized more efficiently.

Midgley, left halfback

 

Practically New COATS. SUITS
DRESSES. EVENING WEAR.
Vary Reasonable

Frieda’s Exchange
Plain and Fur Trimmed Costs
80. Main Ave. Tel. 8-9482

 

 

Ii. F. Honikel & Son

Pharmacists
IITAUI-IQHIO "OI FNONI l-UOII
‘67 CENTRAL AVI-
ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

the edge over the trash. An enthu- OlMeMa: Irish to Wm “.13

to encourage the participation of
as many students as possible in the
of intramural leagues. The formation
f departmental teams to bolster the

“Bolo”trl:fartzland and 
basketball is e and to crests ad- Since. 6 am. . Lu '1-  -
’9“ ing in height. twill concealed!

0t mm -o, ded competition to the fraternity . , _ _. . , _

re e 7 and group house teams wasstressed. on building all 11.91180 where. , g ..

13 The Intramural Committee is in- will compensa ...for the ham ll.-
vestigating all possibilities along this 110103116!!- v .. , .

“‘7 une' Vardty

A system of honor points will be

inaugurated for awards for activi-
ties in varsity and intramural sports,
land two 11 by sea, and administrative functions.

The Council expressed the hope

that all members of MAA center in
its future activities.

WAA Plans

Semi-annual Tea

be played until March 20. 1942. The ball seemed to remain in the M1115, West Poms by a TD. 14-7 .
hands of ’50 during the Same but M. J. Smith: Irish to win 42-24
both goals were threatened more Bowen: Army to let loose 20-14

Schick: Can’t see Army. ND. 14-0  

The Women’s Athletic Association

will hold its annual tea, Tuesday af-
hut Notre Dame 11.. temoon, November 12, from 3:00
9 to 5:30 pm, in the Lounge. Edna

Sweeney, ’47, president of WAA has
announced Marion Hawkins, ’49,
and Elsa Moberg, '49, as co-chair-
men of the event.

All women who have paid, their

Student tax automatically become
members of WM and all are most

cordially invited to attend. This will

be an excellent chance for all the
freshman women interested in WAA
to meet the athletic upper class-
men.

Miss Isabelle Johnston, Physical

Siastlc crOWd 15 expecmd to Witness Lisker Too much Davis and B. 20-7 Education director of State and Miss
the playoff as both teams battle 101' Gilchrist: ND on reserve power 21-14 Lydia Murray, Physical Education

victory and a higher rivalry score. Lashmsky Army by two 31-7
The line-ups for the two teams Km“; ND to win 14-7

as used last Tuesday are as follows: Walker: Army to Mn “.6
Sophomorel Ernie the Hermit: Ah--e--aw shucks
Joslin, left inner Gtmms a, com to {up - .
Pless. rish inner Feeling that Ernie had something
Owens. center forward there, we retreated to the Po. to
Bennett. 18ft Wink tabulate our findings. or forty-three
Pulvel‘. right Wing interviewed. twenty-five favored
Army and sitxeen upheld the Irish
Sittig, right halfback of Notre Dame.
Moberg, center halfback

 

Winkler, left fullback
Donnelly. right fullback
Mason. goalie
Freshmen

Keleher, right inner
Weber, left inner
Adams. center forward
Dodge, left wing
Matteson, right wing
Kendal, left halfback

Lila Saving Class Still Open

All those who have not al~
ready signed up for Life Sav-
ing, but who would be inter-
ested in joining the class,
must sign up before Tucs-
day of next week on the pa-
por provided on the WAA
1'” right halfbaCk bulletin board. Tile only ro-
ﬁgff‘e‘xfnféffﬁfgaggubﬂck qillremcnt is the ability to
Smith, right fullback “‘V'm'

Mincll. goalie

 

 

Where all the Students Meet

MADISON

SWEET SHOP

785 Madison Ave. ALBANY, N. Y.

Home Made ICE CREAM
SODAS ~— CANDY --— SANDWICHES

Luncheon Served Daily

director of Milne, will pour. Enter-
tainment will be provided by mem-
bers of WAA under the chairman-
ship of Mickey Seaman ’49. Jean
Hoffman '49 will sing a few selec-
tions and a fencing exhibition has

been planned by Mary Ellen Diener

and Celene Axelrod, Seniors.

The following committees have
been named to assist the chairmen:
Arrangements. Mary
Wilma Diehl. Juniors. Refreshments,
Paula Tichy ’48 and Geraldine Cal-
lahan '47, Invitations, Beverly Sit-
tig '49, and Clean-up, Ruth Mattison
and Eleanor Adams freshmen.

tion’ cerium
should prove to -. 

ins needs . .. , ,
An attempt will be made by less 0that  they hails a power-
ocuu

Quinn and pro

 

6000 F000

In a Friendly,
Comfortable

Atmosphere

WESTERN AT
QUAIL

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 Hawk 1.      * 
' i  '  ' Listsﬂlntromutolr‘ Fermi-EV 

a or  

  "

: ... .7: .d>l'.,:~
iii-shy .1
eats  .

.. 
. 't-Ille'l'itthis .

as: asthma s. 'j to 

the team around the" stellar

Dec. 'l—Aiurnrli—Home.

. Ill—St. Michael's—Away.

.ie—Plattsburgh—Away'.

. 17—Siena—Home. ‘

. io—Ithacer—Home.

. li—Conn. St. Inns-Home.

. 17—Ow680-Home. ‘

. lB—Hast‘ttick—L-Home. ‘ I

. 'l—Sonnist. Tours—Away.

. B—Amer'ican Int—Away. ‘

. li—Brooklyn Poly—Home. 

. iii—Slena—Away. ‘

. li—St. Michael’s—Bane.

. zit—Ithacar—Away.

. 1—Oswego—Away'.

. 7—Plattsburgh—Home.
Mar. 15—Hardwick—Away. ‘ I

JuniorVarsity - r ‘ -“ "7‘ ‘

Jan. 11—00 skill—Horne. .. 
Jan. ill—De, —-Ho_lpe. ,,
Feb. 8—Delh Away.
Feb. 21—ABC—Horne.
Feb. 28—ABC—Aﬂy.» - « " 7
Mar. 1—Cobleskill——AWay.

Ramblers Win _
Football League

Finishing with a perfect record
of six wins and no defeats,.the Ram-
blers copped the Intro-mural fod-
ball title. Ability to score early and
then hold the lead.casried the hint--
blers through .their schedule in-
scathed. Throughput the “sewn. the
Ramblers displayed a classy. pacing
attack which could not be held iii
check too long. In only one 
did the Ramblers have to come‘frosh
behind to cop.

‘.

Finks .......... 
Gentlemen 
Raiders ................ ..-

ocean-poo

STUDIO

"Portraiture At Its Finest"
1. ~

HOLLYWOOD COMES
EAST TO TAKE
YOUR PORTRAIT

‘~

OPEN 0:00 to 5:80 DAILY
Evenings by appointment

 

all MADISON AVENUI
Tumour (-001?

. _ i
« »- swlmsuasssaundasam.  »

 

