 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May 1916;
By the Class of 191.

No. B

Distributor
Collegiate Digest

November 15, 1946

Member
Associated Collegiate Press

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State Col-
lege for Teachers; published every Friday of the college
year by the NEWS Board for the Student Association.
Phones: Tessier, 3-9538; Lusock, 8-1811: Pender, Dunlay,
2-0120, Kunz, 8-0287; Skolsky, 4-1007. Members of the news
stagf‘ﬁgily be reached Tues.. and Wed. from 7 to 11:30 PM.
a - .

 

The News Board

MARY F. TEBSIER - . . . .
BERNARD M. SKOLSKY . .

ANN LUSCOK . . . nusmua MANAGER
LORNA KUNz . . CIRCULATION MANAGIR
PATRICIA SHEEHAN . anon-rs znrron
VIRGINIA DAY . . upon-rs neuron
MARTHA DUNLAY ADVERTISING MANAGIR
MARGERY FENDER onznrismo rumour
CAROL CLARK . . . AIIOCMTI sol-ran
ANN MAY . . . . . - "seems lorron
MARJORY ELMORE.’ CLARK . . - assocmra EDITOR

lDI'I'OI-lN-CMII'
MANAGING IDITOI

 

«sane

 

All communications should be addressed to the editor and
must 'be signed. Names will be withheld upon request.
The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions‘ expressed in its columns or communications
as such express ons do not necessarily reflect its View.

'Wheel Within A Wheel

The major-minor office plan is probably the big-

 

gest misconception in State College. Contrary to
.popular opinion the list was never intended to
differentiate between the campus big-wheels and
little-wheels.

The basic idea of the whole plan is this—it is
impossible to hold several important jobs and do
all of them well in addition to maintaining good
marks. Therefore all offices which require a great
amount of work are placed in the major classifica-
tion and anyone holding such a post is automatic-
ally excluded from taking any other major office or
any minor office.

The minor offices are those which require some-
what less time but are still demanding jobs. A per-
son may hold two minor offices and any number of
unclassified posts. The list is made with time
requirement as the only criterion.

In spite of the above facts, many people still
choose to regard the plan as a measure of import-
ance. This misconception only serves to distort
any value such a set-up may have by creating
a mad race among potential B.T.O.’s.

Reflect before you gripe, and we‘re sure you’ll
realize that the primary purpose of the major-minor

plan is a good one and should be preserved in spirit
as well as in fact.

Please Pass The Buck 

The Grand Marshall of Student Association has
stated in a story appearing in this issue that it
is Impossible for Campus Commission to do any-
thing about the congestion in Richardson. Since
this decision was apparently reached after a full
meeting of the group and after conferences with
the :ulministrntion, we assume that it is final.

We reserve our opinion on the wisdom of such
a decision and speak now to the members fo Student
Association as individuals. [for the mutual benefit
of everyone concerned, We ask all those using
the inadequate Richardson stairway to exercise a
little common sense.

For example, when going from second to third
floor try to use the right hand door on the second
floor landing, wak around the crowd, and re-entcr
through the left hand door to get to the third floor
stairs. Cutting right in front of those attempting
to get down is both impolite and thoughtless, for
it causes endless “traffic snarls”, bruised elbows,
etc.

The responsibility has been thrown back in your
lap, so make the best of a bad situation.

"ATI COLL-“l NIWI. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 15, 1946

 

gran—Mm.

By ROCKFORD & WORTH

It’s a pretty fair statement to
make, that most everyone took time
off from vacationing last Saturday
afternoon to sit down and listen a
football game. Another pretty sure
guess would be that it was either
Cornell versus Syracuse or Army
versus Notre Dame. Whether or not
you were disappointed then, this
Weekend will provide just as much
interest for the rabid football fan
when Army goes to face Penn and
Colgate and Syracuse play their
tradition packed game.

Will Army Meet Defeat?

At Toots Shores on 5lst street last
Monday, Football greats seemed to
have each other convinced that after
26 tries Army may really meet its
Waterloo this weekend. Even if you

haven’t any doubt about a. Syracuse
victory the same old spirit is there
and maybe more so, for Colgate has
roused the ire of the Saltine War-
riors by stealing the ancient cannon
which vollies Syracuse touchdowns.
Well—the only thing to do is make
'em take a powderll

A thousand years ago today
A wilderness was here.

A man with powder in his nose
Went forth to hunt a deer

But now the times have changed
somewhat

Along a different plan
A dear with powder on her nose

Goes forth to hunt a man.

People are getting the cleverist
ideas for dances lately. Last week
Syracuse held a “Woodchopper's
Browi" (informal). During inter-
mission the girls and fellows held
a. wood sawing contest.*

There've been some changes made

Yes times certainly are changing
——first there was the old-fashioned
girl-

Lips that touch wine or beer

Will never touch mine, dear.
But the gay nineties ga1~—

A drop or two won’t matter, dear

As long as mother doesn’t hear.

Now for the modern maid——
Hubba, hnbba, drink. up chum

There’s plenty more where that
come from.

‘48 and '50 have been particularly
favored judging from the color of
the houses in St. Mary’s Park—or
will they be changed to red and
green in time for Christmas? Now
we aren't suggesting a thing . . . the
state might not get as enthused
about rivalry as we do.

Wage Constitution Revolutions

Potsdam STC and Pratt Institute
are choosing this year to revise their
constitutions . . . comes ze revolu-
tionil Orchids to State for getting
that mess cleaned up last year. But
there's plenty of other things to be
cleaned up this year.

We’re all inn. - - - ~
* I chopped wood once and sawdust.

 

 

 

Gammon-sicko

 

The Common-Stator is given the widest latitude as author of this

column, although his viewpoints do
State College News.

FOOD FOR. THOUGHT

Lately we’ve been having lunch
in the Annex. It's a pleasant bunch
that works there, and the service is
commendable.

HOWeVel', We've scoured the Hand-
book, Ped, Directory, most bulletin
boards, and even an occasional Alu-
mni Quarterly, but the purpose of
our own little eatery is for the pen
of Doyle.

We sweat out a line so many peo-
ple long. taking our life in our hands
what with Huested pouring its pu-
pils down on our neck, almost reach
the sight on the food t?) and find
it's the Cafeteria line. We conjure
up the old perseverance, cast a be-
wildered eye at the clock, and start
again. Many minutes and kicked
shins later we reach that cattle in-
closure. The good (I) sandwiches at
120 are gone, the milk at 70 is warm.
We delicately balance a straw on
our upper lip, books in one hand,
and desperately clutch a sandwich
in the other, receiving dirty looks
from the cashier for holding up the
line while searching for our change.

The whole routine is more torture
than reading about it. What We’re
in is why such skimpy, odd com-
binations of untnsty sandwiches tally
120, when not. too far from here one
is able to purchase a hot hamburger
with a generous helping of French
fried potatoes for the.

The intake (inin is about. $00.
We‘re laboring under the impression
that the Annex is a non-profit or-
gaization. If We’re wrong, please cor-
rect us.

0 Q '0'

Last week-end, not having the
price of a ticket home, we stayed in
town and attended a concert at.
Ciermanla Hall in Troy. with a coon
plimentary students ticket firmly
clutched in hand. A nice remit-
tion by a Manner and Damn Choir

not necessarily reflect those of the

dances and long strings of yellow

tickets augmented that, and a jolly
good time was had by the some
forty State students there. We're
looking foreword to more of the
same. . . .

IMPOSSIBILITY OF
PERFORMANCE

GI accounts in the 00-01) are to
be closed out by 27 November. That's
fine. From a brief survey, we learn
that we're not alone in not having
textbooks yet. We’re taking six
courses and have books for three!
For one course, we inquire if the
text has arrived yet, and get a nega-
tive reply. So we go into the PO to
mean a bit, and find a erony from
our class bewaillng the i'nct that
she has gotten four notices of il('l'
book being there. Are We being dis-
criminated against or can we charge
these books when they get here, even
if after the fatal deadline of" 27 No-

vember? J US'I‘ WHA'I‘ is THE
SCORE? '1‘? 'r‘

RESULTS RESULTS lll‘lh‘ l l L'l‘S

Not only has Campus Commis—
sion put. up a new sign in Richard-
son, thus greatly alleviating the con—
gestion there linh huh hnh, but 0le
of our showers got a face-lifting
and is now working. A huge bouquet.
of orchids foi' whoever is responsible
for it. Only two more to go . . .

Miss Hopkins has a most interest—
ing Shakespeare exhibit. in her of-
fice on 2nd floor lirnpr, for you fans
of the bard. Models, postcards. pho—
tos, drawings. maps, scripts etc.

’l‘hree rousing cheers from us to
you for keeping the library open
nights to help overcome the nil-text—
book condition, and a hearty thanks
from many for the open-door policy
now in effect. on first. floor lirnpei‘
on eves when the library is open,

0 0 iii

When that. huge batch of wnrn-
lugs puts in its unwanted appear—
ance next. week, the recipients will
be well on their way to getting on
the Dean's list. His other one, that.

initiated the evening. German folk is . . .

By MINDY SKOLSKY

COURSE N0. VIII—TOO YOUNG TO KNOW

When Hepzibah was promoted to the Third Grad.
she felt very Adult indeed. For in Public School Ni.
Forty-Four (and a Fourth), the Third Grade was not
peanuts . . . (Figaro Feeney had been studying fox
ﬁve years and he still hadn’t made it—l. The nicest
thing about the Third Grade, decided Hepzibah, wa.
the Assembly arrangement which was scintillating and
sublime, (not to mention nice.) On Thursdays, Lilo
Fourth, Fifth and Sixth grades met in the Assemblv
for an invigorating session with Miss Minnie Slotkin
the principal, and on Fridays, the first, second and
Third grades did the same. (The kindergartens nevvi
went to Assembly at all—they just rolled up in their
little rag rugs for five days straight and then went
home for the week-end.)

The nicest part of being a Third Grader ton Fridays-v
was that it was only from this superior class that the
Speaker of the Assembly was elected. “Being Speaker
of the Assembly is a position held in no end 01' high
esteem,” said Miss Minnie Slotkin to the Third Gl‘nd»
ers (when they first entered the Third Grade), “for it
entails not only introducing me to the Assembly t‘ll('ll
week, but leading the group in the Oath of Allegiance
as well." From this moment on, it became the ambi-
tion of every halehcartcd wholesome Third Grade:
present to be the Speaker of the Assembly before he
passed on «to the Fourth Grade. Hcpzibah, who was
as lialehearted and wholesome a Third Grader as anv—
body present, was no cxception. '

Elections were held on Thursday afternoons each
week, and after the ballots had been counted, Miss
Rosetta Stone. the new teacher, wrote down the
name of the winner in her little speckled class book
and kept it a secret until five minutes before the
Assembly convened next day.

After a while, when it became apparent to each
little Third Grader that he (or shot could not hold
the position of Exalted One him tor her! self each
week, he (or she) would revert to the next best. thing
and, to bolster his tor her) own little ego, he tor she!
wouldbecome a lobbyist for a member of his for her:
own little sex. (Since there were no fraternal or
sororai organizations on the campus 01' Public School
No. Forty-Four (and a Fourth). the lobbyists were
kept; from dividing into even smaller segments or pres—
sure groupsi

_One Thursday, in a high falsetto from the back
01 the room, Hepzibnh Peabody nominated Hepsibnh
Peabody. Then Angeline Allbright got Fanny Zirps to
nominate her, Bennie Burlap blackmailed Jose Sha—
piro—and that. was the slate for that day. ilepzibah
was very excited. Tomorrow she might be Speaker!
“Tomorrow. Hcpzibnh was never so excited in her
life. She came to school with her pigtails start-lied . . .
Mother Peabody had dressed her in a white bib and
pin-striped tucker. and Hepzibah chewed her fingers
all day. t'I‘hc nails she had eaten the night before»
She was out in the antcrooin tuning tip her tonsils
for the Great. Event when Miss Rosetta Stone an—
nounced the results. "The Speaker i'or this Week."
 Rosetta Stone, "is" . . .

I l. .i'r-nnic b’in‘lup In: llll' H irrI/t'm' o Ilil’ Ast' ll .‘
VVlll Allflt‘lillf' lilllu'iyli/ be I’ll!' h'lu'rilt‘l'r ol Ili’t'ilzi'is-
.s-(Iniblj/f WILL llh‘l’l‘lli’zlll Plt‘zlb'ohl’ Ib’ll.‘ ’I'III'}
SPEAKER ()lv‘ ’I'Illv) ASSEMBLY! Follow this coi-
unin closely next week and find out . . .

ollege Calendar ---

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER. 15
tlziiti PM. Music Council concert. in Page Ilnll. Paul
Matthnn, baritone, Vivien l-lni'vcy, pianist.
and Cecilia (incl-ck, accompanist, to per-
i'orni.

Debate with llartwick College in Room

150 linesled. ’l‘opics: Resolved: "That the

UN be ininn-(lintcly resolvth into n World

Organization." Resolved: “That all sopho-

more tili(l freshmen subjects in college In-

rcquircd courses.”

SA'l‘l'ltliAV. NtH'lClllltlu‘ll lti

8:00 12 i’. M. (trad Club social ill the Commons.

Admission :itlc,
(Joiiiiiiulci's' (.‘llib llil; ll, "Hock Hop Vn-
titles of iii-l0" in liu~ Page llnll (ivm. Mu-
sic provided by Russell Matthews and
liits orchestra for round and square danc-
ng.

'l:Ul'}Hl)/\Y. NUVl'lMllllllt if)

Jim—f) l’. M. Latin American movies, "liill 'l‘owns

of Guatemala" nnd “l‘ntngoiinin l’lnv—

grounds", sponsored by i’nn Amigos in tin:

Louiuiu.

lAdvnnced l)rnnintles plays in Page llnll

directed by Holly Rose Hill nnd llnt‘oid

(lould, Ht'llllil'h.

\i’ldliNliSiiAY. Nin'lu‘illlll'llt 20

lull) PM. MlllllHClllllJ meeting in iloom 20 Richard—
son, .‘pt-ntei's: lle' ‘ '  i
“(’de Hmmm llili Wtilltl .unl ltlllliht
lliilci lllt't'illl' I '-

'i‘llllll.Sl)Ai', Nt)\’l‘2l\lllltllthllllm Hum“.

3:00 PM. Student lilmploynn-nt llin'enu panel (lis-
(I'ussion in the Lounge. .
and mu t‘ ' ' ~

NI()NI’A‘I-l"l{ll,l‘vi iound mutton iii tin.

Exhibit of interprehitivc pointing
Draper.

Shakespeare exhibit in Room 207,

7:30 PM.

if Iilfi PM.

)omnions.
s on second floor

Draper.

 

 

 

i i ' T'ﬁﬁdg.~..¢;s .. “misr'w w  M ~

 

 

Debate Council
Will Participate

in Three Meets
Students Coach Squad

For Seminar Group

Mary Diener, ’47, President of De-
bate Council, has announced that
two debates with Hartwick College
have been scheduled at 7:30 tonight.
State students will participate in a
debate at RPI Tuesday and a. dis-
cussion with Middlebury College
here Saturday, November 23. Debate
seminar activities have also been
planned.

The debate tonight with Hart-
wick College will be held in Room
50. State will take the negative side
in both debates. Patricia Sheehan,
’47, an Stanley Abrams,’48, will rep-
resent State in the debate on, Re-
solved: “That thc UN be imme-
diately resolved into a World 01'-
ganization.” Mary Odak, '49 and
Louis Rabineau, ’47 will participate
in the debate on, Resolved: “That
all Sophomore and freshmen sub—
jects in college be required courses.”

State Debates With lil’I

Debate Council will send Samuel
Scott and Rita Shapiro, Juniors, to
represent State in the debate at
RPI on Tuesday. They will take the
negative side on, Resolved: “That
Technical Education fits one better
for life than Liberal Education”.

The debates with Hartwick Col-
logo and RPI are the first postwar
debates with these colleges. Only the
debates with Hartwick will be judg-
ed.

A round-table discussion with Mid—
dlebui‘y has been scheduled for Sat-
urday, November 23. The topic of
the Saturday, November 23. The
topic of the discussion will be “Rus-
sian Foreign Relations."

Hold Debate Seminars

Debate Council is sponsoring de-
bate seminars in which students will
be couched in methods of" debat-
ing. A debate has been planned on
Russian Foreign Relations by up—
perclnssnum and the varsity squad
with Patricia Slit-chair and Louis
Rnbincau, Seniors, coaching. Tho
freslmien will take part in a debate
on, Resolved: “That New York State
undertake the development 01' a
State University". Rita Shapiro and
Marilyn 'l‘hompson, Juniors, will
coach the l'i'csluncn squad.

Appoint Four New Members
To Primer Business Stall

Marilyn Skolsky, ’-i7. Editor of
Printer, has announced the follow-
ing additions to the Business Stuff
which were made at :1 meeting last.
Wednesday: Ellen ltoclit'oi'd. and
George Poillis. Juniors, Walt Schick
and Leonard Skoliiick, Sophomores,
and Hen Jackson, '50.

'l'llt'ht‘ appointments \vcre made to
fill live \’;it‘iiln'ics left. inst spring.

Junior Prom

s'rA-ra cannon 'ulwa. rnIoAv. .novau'nn is, me

Dube Announces
Rules; Requests

Sludenls' Aid

Judy Dube, '47, Grand Marshal of
Student Association, has stated that
it is impossible for Campus Com-
mission alone to do anything to
ease the congestion in Richardson
between classes. Miss Dube has also
made announcements concerning
Campus Commission rules.

Dr. John M. Sayles, President of
the college, has said that placing
monitors in the halls would be too
“high-schoolish.” Moreover, moni-
tors would be required to be in
Richardson before and after classes
are dismissed, which would demand
all of the free time of members of
the commission.

In reply to the suggestion of
staggering classes so that fewer
people will be on the stairWay at
one time. the faculty has obectecl
strenuously to dismissing classes a
few minutes early.

Posters have been placed on the
stairway in an attemtp to alleviate
crowding on the stairs.

Campus Commission as a. whole
is perplexed about the situation and
would welcome any constructive
suggestions from Student Associa-
tion in this crisis. said Miss Dube.

Miss Dube has also announced
that neither making or eating is
permissible in the Lounge. and that
mass announcements of meetings in
the student. mail boxes will be
removed.

Pencil Sharpeners have been
placed in the Lounge, Room 20 of
Richardson, the third floor and
the lower corridor of Draper Hall
for the convenience of the student
body.

Pearl Pless, ‘49, head of Lost and
Found, has announced that there
will be a sale of unclaimed articles
in the Commons next Thursday and
Friday. A few used records will be
among the articles for sale.

Directors Oi Alumni
To Meet November 29

Mrs. Elizabeth Brimmer, Execu-
tive Secretary of the Alumni Asso-
ciation, has announced that the
Board of Directors will meet No-
vember 29, at 12:00 noon in Pierce
Hall. Miss Marie Townsend Moose,
‘27, President of the Association,
will preside at. the annual meeting.

Presentation of the yearly reports,
and recommendations for future de-
veloplnclit have been scheduled for
the meeting. Officers of the Associa-
tion who will be present include Miss
Moose, President, Frances Smith, '28,
Vice—President, Agnes Nolan Under-
wood. 27, Secretary, and Chester J.
’l‘crril, ’27. Treasurer. Members of
the Board of Directors are D. Emma
Wilbur Hodge, '17, Anna E. Pierce,
'84. and Lyra Wntci'l‘iouse, '19, whose
terms will expire in 1947: Dr. Ralph
Denver, ‘24. Hazel Rowley Spencer,
'20, and Edwin R. Van check. '27,
members until 1948; Dr. Harry
iiirehenough. '06, Paul G. Bulger,
‘30, and Arvld J. Burke, ’28, whose
terms will expire in 1040.

Queen Will Reign

Over Mordi Gms Festivities

'l‘lic Mni'di (trio.- nub its tradi-
lioin. o1 bt-ziuly. lniv llili:~lt' niid diiiic-
nu: inc. lit't‘ll chosen as the lllt‘lilt‘
for this year's .Iiniioi' l’i'oiii to llt‘
llt‘lll Saturday. November “.213 in illl‘
(i\'|ll. 'l‘lio coronation ol the queen
will climax the l‘\'l'llllil', in keeping
with both Mnrdi Urns and Junior
i'roni tradition.

l\‘ll|:~ll‘ for dancing “ill be provided
by liill llainnin's orchestra from
non PM. lo 2.2200 AM. An inn-r—
lill:»:.lt)ll from ll 1’ M. to ill Mid—
iiuzbt \\lll in' follow-d by the mun-rly
.l\\illlt‘tl coronation

'l'lio croupiiu: oi
luio- place lillililhl rognl pomp niid
t'l'l't'iiltlli). (‘niulldnii-s from among
the most ln'ulillllli Juniors will be
nominated to .'\:.:»l*llli)ll‘ this morn-
nut and from those receiving lhv
highest number of volt-s a queen
llllll ioui' llill'llilllllib will be chosen
lll in‘xt li‘ridny's assembly. 'l‘licii'
hit-tilin will be kept it secret. until
llic tmn- appointed for the commu-
tion, win-n. to the notes of the her—
nid‘s trumpet, the queen will conu-
forwnrd to be crowned by lost your a
queen, lildnn Sweeney, '47. ‘

'i‘lie (iym will be transformed tor
the prom with colors of azure blue,

llll‘ ([lll'i'll \\‘lil

. . nuanmmmuwﬁmi. “a .

dusty pink, black and white giving
it a true Murdi-(Irns atmosphere.
llolh the queen‘s throne and the
bnmlstnnd will be in the form of n
float, and the lounge and passage-
way between will carry through this
Mnrdi Urns theme. ’l‘nbles will be
set up in the lounge, and refresh-
nn-nls will be served.

The prom is the highpoint 01'
Junior Week—end, but activities have
also been scheduled t'or F‘i'ldny eve—
ninti. A hayride, beginning lit 7:30
PM, will give an opportunity to
ilitim' \\ ho like to "spoon beneath the
moon." llntli Seclhneh, ehnirnnui oi'
the Weekend. has requested that
those planning to attend get their
tickets early so that reservations
may be made.

The evening will also include an
informal dnncc ill the Inglis Room
ii'oni 0200 RM. to 12:00 Midliil-llii.
with n \’lt' furnishing the music.
Sport clothes will be the correct
attire for the dance so that buy—
riders inny Wt‘lll' their hayseed.

'i‘iekt-ts for the prom and Friday
night events may be purchased at
the Slump iiooth in the Lowm' Hall
of Draper. llids for the prom cost
$2nl0. (llliloo tickets, $.30 and hayride
tickets $1.00.

 

Student Moy cenr'r’ilsuro '
Pictures Of State To" Digest ‘

Lastt‘wtaek two issues or u...
“Collegiate Digest" were includ- '

COLLEGE News. These papers
contain pictures of interest from
college campuses throughout the
country.

“Collegiate Digest” offers an
opportunity for State College to
gain recognition for itself by
asking for picture contributions
from the students. These pict-
ures must be of interest to stu-
dents in other colleges.

$3.00 is being offered for every
picture published. Pictures
should be sent to “Collegiate
Digest," 18 Journalism Building,
University of Minnesota, Min-
neapolis 14, Minnesota. Complete
identification and information
concerning the picture must be
included. No entry will be re-
turned unless accompanied by
return postage.

ed with every copy of the STATE  l

 

 

 

New Club Plans
First Social Event
For Graduates

“The Grads” are sponsoring a. so-
cial tomorrow night from 8 to 12
PM. in the Commons under the di-
rection of G. Barbara Smith, Presi-
dent of the club. There will be danc-
ing, group games and cards for all
Grads, their husbands or wives.

Miss Smith has announced that
arrangements have been made with
Dr. George York, Professor of Com-
merce, to use the vic and amplifying
apparatus. Fred Snyder, who has a
very large collection of records, will
loan them for the evening’s dancing
and Miss Smith is asking for the
loan of records from other students.
The program will be rounded out
with group games of various kinds.
and tables will be set up for those
who wish to play cards.

Although those wishing to attend
the first social for this group have
ben requested to make reservations
in advance. Miss Smith stated that
persons who have not made reserva-
tions are welcome to come. A 300
admission charge must be made to
help defray the cost of refreshments,
since “the Grads" have no treas-
ury at present.

The committee members appointed
to take charge of the social are:
G. Barbara Smith, Linda Del Bel,
Gaile Calkins, John F. O’Donnell,
Walter Lucas. and Theodore Nohow.

Religious Clubs
To Meet Sunday

Jean Henry, '47, President of Can-
terbury Club, and Mary Telian, '47.
President. of Student Christian As-
sociation, have announced meetings
for Sunday night. Canterbury Club
will meet at St. Andrews Church
for a supper meeting at. 5:00 P. M.
and College Young People of SCA
will meet at the irst Presbyterian
Church at 7:30 P. M.

Rev. Thomas Barrett, Execu-
tive Secretary of the National Coun-
cil for College Work, will discuss
the purposes of Canterbury Club
and the activities of the Club on
campuses of other colleges in the
United States.

Dr. Arthur Adams, Pastor of First
Presbyterian Church, will be the
speaker for the first meeting of the
College Young People at. which plans
for the coming your will be innde.
Since college groups throughout the
city will ptu'ticipnte, it is impossi-
ble to have a supper meeting this
Sunday. but. after an estimate of the
attendance has been made, supper
will be served.

Miss 'I'elinn has invited all stu-
dents of State College to attend
this meeting.

Henkel To Apologize Today

Mysknnln has announced that
Mary Lou llenkol, '50, has received
three warnings in violation of State
College tradition and must apolo-
gize before Student Association in
assembly today.

These freshmen who now have two
warnings are Eleanor Adams, Rich-
ard Feathers, Janice Fitzpatrick, Ed-
ward Gordon, Frances Kessler, Mar-
garet Lyons, and Evelyn Weisen-
berger.

PAOI I

Mingle To Climax

 

WALTER DAVIS
Magician

"Salute/’Offers

Veteran C onlesl

Salute, the magazine produced by
former writers and editors of Yank
and Stars and Stripes is sponsoring
a “letter contest" for student vet-
erans on the subject, “Problems of
the College Veteran." Cash prizes
to the amount of $750 are being
offered to the writers of the ten
most outstanding letters.

 

This contest is intended to af-
ford veterans attending accredited
colleges and universities under the
G.I. Bill of Rights the opportunity
of “soundin off" on the current
educational set-up. It is hoped that
from their opinions may evolve
some good ideas or partial solu-
tions to many of the major prob-
lems arising out of the great vet-
eran influx in the nation's colleges.

The first prize will be $250, the
second, $100. and the eight addition-
al prizes will be $50 each.

The length of the letters should
not exceed 250 words. All letters
are to be addressed to the Contest
Editor, Salute, 10 Park Place, New
York, N. Y. The contest closes .lan-
only 10, 1047. and all letters must
be postmarked before midnight of
that date.

More entry blanks have been
sent for in connection with the
Sninmy Kaye poetry contest and
they may be secured in the News
Office as soon as they lll'l'lVO. Rules
for the contest are printed on the
entry blank.

Display Material
Co Shakespere

The English Department. is con-

dueting an exhibit of Shulwspcrinnn
in Room 207. Draper, closing with
the ’l‘hnnksgiving vncntion, accord—
ing to Vivian C. Hopkins. Instruc-
tor in English. Material i'rom the
life and times of Shnlu'speni'e to—
gether with pictures from modern
productions of his plays are on dis-
play.

The exhibit. includes n set of plates
on Elizabethan England borrowed
from the College Library, reproduc-
tions of" costumes and pictures ot‘
actors lent by lines Fuiterer, Assis-
tant professor oi' English and plates
ot' old tapestry iuid nrchltccture
borrowvd from the Art l)epnrtinent.
There are also some colored views
brought. from Struti‘ord. Shaiwspove's
home, by Dr. Hopkins, and pictures
of recent productions such as the.
Old Vic prodinnion of "Henry IV"
and the British movie, “Henry V."

All students are invited to see the
exhibit, and Miss Hopkins said in
urging them to come, “Shukespere
is not 'Cnviar to the General’ any
more, but swift-moving and poetic
eutertahnncnt for all. Shakespere
makes an appeal to everyone today."

oday's Assembly

Students To Witness
Davis in Performance,

This Morning At 11

Mr. Walter Davis, commonly
known as “Davis The Magician,”
will appear in assembly this morn-
ing with a program of Magic Art.

He is a native Long Islander and
started doing magic as a hobby
about twenty~ﬂve years ago when he
was entertaining at parties and so-
ciais.

In 1932, he took up magic as a
profession under the guidance of
Max Holden of New York City, Mr.
Holden considered one of the world’s
greatest authorities on the Magic
Art.

Entertains During War

Since that time, Mr. Davis has
performed for schools, churches,
clubs, and theaters throughout the
country, and during World War II,
he entertained at several camps and
hospitals under the auspices of the
American Red Cross.

Mary Davis, ’48, and daughter of
Mr. Davis, has acted as her father’s
assistant for several years dur-
ing vacation periods, and occasion-
ally assists with his performances.
Miss Davis some times performs her
own act with feats of mental tele—
pathy.

At a Student Council meeting
Gloria Gilbert. '48, reported that the
date of Student Union Day has been
changed to November 22 and will
officially open in assembly next
Friday with a human slave auc-
tion. The services of the slaves will
be secured by the purchasers for the
remainder of the day and will be
observed in the Commons that noon.
Lois Hutchinson, '47, and Marie Fer-
nandez, ’49, are in charge of making
small houses to be sold for five cents
and which will be the admission to
the Commons that noon. Alice Wil-
liams, ‘48, and Catherine Donnelly,
’49, are co—chairmen of publicity.

Plan Orientation

The freshman orientation pro-
gram, November 25, will consist of a
general discussion on Student. Coun-
cil, Student Association, and the
most. important parts of Robert's
Rules.

Eloise Worth, '48, Vice-president
of Student Association. was appoint-
cd chairman of the Christmas pro-
gram to be held in assembly Decem-
ber 20.

Magazine Sponsors
Short Story Contest

loot! lloum‘lrccping iiingnzlne has
announced a short story contest to
be limited to the faculty members
of colleges and universities of the
United Stntes. All full or part—time
faculty members are eligible and
prizes will nniouiit to $10,000.

Each manuscript must be a piece
of original work, never before pub-
lished. The length of the stories
iiiny vary from 2,000 to 20,000 words.
There is no limited range of sub-
ject limiter and any contestant may
submit its innny manuscripts us he
wishes. All manuscripts must be
typewritten nnd sent to College
Contest, Good llonslrccplng, 07th
Street nnd 8th Avenue, New York,

7

The contest closes [“i‘lli'lltll‘y l,
1017, and all manuscripts must be
postmarked before midnight of that
date.

Announcement of the winners
will be made by mail to all colleges
not later than hllil't'll ll'i, ill-i7 and
prize money will be paid in cash
prior to this time. The first prize
will be $5,000, the second, $3,000,
the third, ."2,000. The editors of
(loud HUNNt'h‘t’l'lilllll will not as
judges.

Coventry Players Of Siena
To Pressaniay Next Week

The. Covvntry Players of Sienu
College will present the play, “You
Can't Take It. With You", by George
Kaufman and Morris Hart at Gib-
bons Hull, Sienu College. in Lou-
donville Friday, Saturday, and Sun-
day, November 22. 23, 24, at 0:30 PM.

General Admission will be $l.10
and reserved seats will be $1.50.

 

 

