 

 


l‘
E,
i
r
i

      
 
  
    
    
   
  
  
   
  
   
    
   
 
   
 
     
    
   
  
   
  
    
    
  
 

not 2 ~

Griping, to the American, is as common a pastime
as smoking opium is to a dope fiend or studying
to a scholar. And gripes are to be condoned for

they serve as a ballast to the sinking ship and
likewise, convert overconfidence into strength.

No criticism, however, should be encouraged
unless there is some concrete remedy to be substi-
tuted—criticism, as such, with no feasible solution
to the problem, is worthless. There is a deplorable
lack of this constructive attitude here at State, es-
pecially apparent in Assemblies. The debacle last
Friday seemed to indicate a lack of forethought
and interest in Student Association about a Vital
and easily confused issue.

There are several gripes around here which
have, at various times, been accorded some little
importance. Feelings run high until a new issue
for controversy presents itself and the old one is
dropped in favor, perhaps, of a fresher argument.
To us, this is a very significant fact.

To illustrate our point, there is the question of
reserve seats for Dramatic and Arts and Music
'Council productions. At the beginning of this year,
the policy of reserving several of the best seats
warranted much opposition. The reserve seats are
in the center aisle and because we pay yearly stu-
dent tax which help finance these ventures into
music and drama, it was felt we also deserved a
stab at the best seats. Members of Dramatics and
Arts Association and Music Council, on the other
hand, feel the necessity of reserving seats in the
best interests of the public whose support is also
vital in meeting the budgets of these organizations.
But what has happened? Precisely that—the issue
was discussed at Student Council Meetings, let ride,
and finally dropped entirely so now a rather in-
determinate seating policy has developed.

Sororities also seem to be a nice little subject for
controversy when nothing else is handy. The main
point here seems to be that bids are given early in
the freshman year instead of at the beginning of
the sophomore year when a more accurate Judg-
ment of character could be made. At any rate the
argument goes on and on . . . .

Attendance at social functions and interest in
rivalry has often been deplored as lacking at State.
There was a notable decrease in attendance at
basketball games as soon as their novelty were off
and rivalry spirit has been missing this year. But
here again——the solution lies, not in griping, but
doing.

W e’ve mentioned a few controversies which have
raged at one time or another. Before a change is
initiated, a method fairer, more adequate,
or otherwise better suited to attain the end strived
for must be determined. Yours is the power to
(lestroy——yours, the power to create . Use it
wisely.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May Hit:
fly the Class of lQlB

 

V01. XXX March ’39, lilili No. “2.1

iii-'i'lliulor

\ll'llllli‘l'
,\‘»lit'l.llltll l‘o1.i-,:l:ic i'r. 
'i'he llnull'l'i'l'aduilo l|I\\r',Il|>-*,‘ n' rm \on ‘.wl. Mir.
('olic: for 'i'oncln-rs: publz-«owl wicri l9“ I.) or llll- (‘ol
cge gear :\ life .\'i‘)\\'.\ ilonro iol' lllv‘ rum-n; .\‘~~uil‘|:l
do“, I'iionl:~ lbllil'n‘li '..' Gilli.“ \. 5. oilinn; I.~;ri'_ \ lull;
('I'nlncr, '.."J‘Tl'

   

 
  

 

The News Board

JOAN D. BEr’rnrmzu . . . ..
ELIZABETH 5. O‘NEIL
ISABEL FEAH

EDITOIl-IN-CHIEF
co-uoi‘ron-rucnmr
lili::lNI‘.‘JS MANAGE."
JOSEPHINE MAGGIO CIRCULATION MANAGE"
MARGERY CRAMER - . - Auvunrisiuc MANAGE"
MARY SULLIVAN ~ - - - - - scours EDil'Oif
KATHRYN HAGl-JNV - - ArztiOClAIl-J EDITOR
BERNARD M. SKOLSKY . - ASSOCIATE Iimron
MARY TESSIER - - . ‘ ASSOCIATE l'l)lf0ii

 

«thin»?
ISSUE EDITORS
Sophomore Desk llrlitorsr Clark, Elmore, liarlund,
May, Itoehford

 

All communications should be addressed lo the editor uni
mm be ill nod. Names will be withheld upon re treat.
The l’l‘A'I‘ COLLEGE NEWS assumes no rosponni lliu
for opinions arrested in In: columns or communications
In Inch expreusons do not uecrsasurliy reflect in; View.

our: cacao: News.

College Calendar

FRIDAY, MARCH 29—

FRIDAY. MARCH 29.ll°46

11:00 A. M.——Hillel will sponsor assembly speaker Herbert L. Seamans,
Education Director of the National Conference of Chris-

tians and Jews.
12:00 Noon—Show in Commons in
mission: any amount
SATURDAY, MARCH 30—
All Day

order to collect food for France. Ad-
of any kind of canned goods.

-—Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship hike and social. Group

to meet at the home of Sally Holmes, ’47, on Shaker Road,

Watervliet.

I 8:15 P. M.—Sophomore Big 8, “Lee-vc Her to Grant", in Page Hall.

SUNDAY, MARCH 31—

5:00 P. M.——Newman Holy Hour, small grotto.
6:00 P. M.-—-Miss Hopkins will entertain students who signed up on
SCA bulletin board at her home at 824 2nd Avenue, Troy.

MONDAY, APRIL 1——

12100 Noon—Inter varsity Christian Fellowship Bible Class.

TUESDAY, APRIL 2——

12:00 Noon—Record Hour Room 28, Richardson.

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 3—-

3:30 P.M.-—Meeting of Commerce Club in Room 304, Draper.

DAILY—

12:00 Noon—~-Meetings of Inter Varsity Christian Fellowship under the
leadership of Wanda Baker, ’46, and Jean Connor, ’48. The
subject will be “Personality Plus.”

 

command

To Student Association:

The privilege of smoking in the
Commons, the Annex area, the PO.
and the peristyle was granted us by
the Administration a few years ago.
At the time, I understand it was a
big concession, however, now, we
are smoking also in the lower hall
of Draper. There is a rule that
says no smoking in the lower hall
of Draper especially. There are
also signs —~ but they have lately
been ignored. The reason why they
should be observed is fairly obvious.
In the first place, the lower hall is
pretty crowded between classes and
lighted cigarettes are dangerous in
a pushing crowd. Those of you who
go to the mailboxes with lighted
cigarettes, I’ll admit have plenty of
elbow room—but how about giving
other people a chance, they have
classes, too!

Now Campus Commission can be-
gin giving warnings for violation of

this rule again but it seems to me
that it should not be necessary.
Just a little consideration of others,
should be enough to make you wait
until you get to the Commons, P0.
or Annex. How about it?
Betty Hamilton, ’46,
Grand Marshal of S. A.

To “Those Backward Balcony Boys”
No, we don’t expect you to risk
life and limb dancing in the Com-
mons at noon!
Yes, we do have records “more
your speed”——-several of them!
What to do? Just go downstairs
and request the songs you want!
We aim to please!
Alice Williams, ’48
Chairman of "Vic
Committee
P.S. Please notice that the ping-
pong table has been moved up to the
balcony-«more dancing space.

 

60W clue-«124

Written by Two Sophomore Desk Editors

 

It has come to our attention (via
one who shall be nameless since he
may have a friend or so left in State
College—that our paper has been
referred to as the State College
Bugle—because it is always blowing
about something. Although we be-
long to the fighting Irish and firmly
believe in the old maxim, “ii'n an ill
wind . . . . ” we will pass over this
remark and proceed to pan on the
results of our delving into NEWS
issues of former years,

Some of the items we follnd made

us feel quite at home while others - A

were hi sharp contrast to prcscni
conditions. We leave in our renders
lo decide in which crilciory this bil
culled from lhc April 8, lililil mph
lt~Hlll‘, llllltti "Our regular (lc~:pollcl'
of Slnle‘:; social euphoria i:. now on
vocation and wc lnkc oycr with
ornophnnlc nppclcncy."

March lill‘lllll. llllt‘l'\'l('\\'w lll ‘Iil no
it docs ln 'rlli. Advice to iln- _iol)lol'ii
in llnv Collins: "A cloud (ll powder,
:1 curl of smoke. n ~.r"l':iliil)ic null
llnully a (lush :u'c oi icyv l‘ll.ll':ll'«
lcrlbllcr‘. of llll‘ co—ed when uhc inc:
lll'l'll llllormcd lllnl wile ll. \~.;inicrl lll
lhc ol'iicc of Dr Huyll‘sl. A». you
probably know, all .-.uperinlcndcnls
nnd principals have their wcnk-
ill-sum; and they are l‘rcqucnlly in—
i'lucnccd on the impulsi- oi' lhc lll()~
lnenl by the cxicl'nul uppenrnncm;
und the inspiring appeal of lhc .rp-
plicants ruilicr llmn by ihosc more
sound qualilica which lll‘l‘ hiddcn l)('-
nculh ihe pnle profile. Nc\’cl‘illclcnn,
ihc co—eds should cxci‘cisc discre-
Iion in applying the cosmclics. bo-
culch often in their wild enthusiasm
in rciuin ihni sol'iool—girl complex-
ion lliere in a tendency lo use tho
brush loo freely.”

Nil, lhu Workings of’ the male mind.

Of all the various indications of
winter's end. one at least. appears
to be. quite universal, as We discov-
ered in the '30 Soph issue: “Speak-
ing of spring. we find that spring
fever this year in expressing itself

in 'bike rides’ through Washington
Park. Of especial interest to those
fellows whose fancy at this time
lightly turns—bicycles built for two
are also available.”

The following quotation was writ-
ten in April, 194l—Aany similarin
to (he slnndnrds of the Dark Ages is
purely coincidental: “Tile place for
women? Why in the home, of course
if home is out of the question, make
it 1’21 Ontario St. but kccp lliesc
supposedly swcel-li‘nrlcd creatures
out of Student Associniion offices
. Women are apparently incap-
nblc of organizing am! working lo-
gnllicl'. .lcnious, suspicions, cuiiy
('l'cullll'l'n. cculcriiu'. lhcir liver;
around nicn, llicy view each other
no polcuiinl I‘l\'ul::. As icudcrs they
are lyi'nnnicnl, nulnuouislic. and oh—
noxious."

llm!

(inc opinion cxprcrncd in the
March “it! issue is, of course, still
npplicnhlc: "As l'nl' us (he soplu
omrn'c girls are conccl'ucd. lhcir
pulclu'iludc i.. only e'vccllcrl by lln-ir
kccn inicllcr-l. wil, and charm of
lll‘l“-.()illllll_\'l”

Myskunin, :llnlc'n puilclnl body
and one of her lrndilions which :.ci
ln-r npnrl from olhcr colleges. was
lomnlcd in 191’]. and in April, 1937.
this conuncul nppcnrcri in the
Ni-:i\:.: "ill iiiiil lllt‘ NHWH coni-
mcndcd Mysknnin upon the illllllll'<
nlilc way it had cni'ricd onl llie ldcnn
llinl. hud bccu the basis for iis
founding, and “W impnl'linl way
llllll clccilolm and nppoiniincnls lind
bccn dccidcd. illighl yeurn llill‘l',
\vc (‘llll udd our cougrulliiulloin; lo
the twenty-first Mysknnia upon the
complcilon of a score. of yeurs' work
of consistenin high calibre in in~
holding Hiulc traditions, and guid—
ing student opinion."

Still another decade has passed,
and now We would like to add our
cominundation to tho Myskanins wo
havo known, and express our i‘cgi‘ei.
at the discontinuance of one of
State's distinguishing traditions.

Written by a. Sophomore Desk: Editor:

Surprise! Surprise! This is not going to be about
Sophomores. After long contemplation and due con-
sideration, it was finally decided that too much
of anything—no matter how praiseworthy--—might
prove monotonous, so the Sophomores' praises will
not be expounded in this column.

When you stop to think about it, what is there to
say? After you have exclaimed over the unusual abil-
ities of the Class of ’48, remarked about the un-
limited supply of extraordinary talents, raved about
the super personalities and distinctive traits of the
Sophomores in general, you have considered a brief
and, of course, exceedingly incomplete picture of
the superiority of the Class of ’48, and that is as far
as most people outside our class wish to go. There-
fore, we shall not talk about the Sophomores.

But with all our good intentions, we just have to
add a few remarks about. our issue. It was loads
of film but being rather inexperienced we discovered
it was a twenty-four hour a day job. After one or
two sleepless nights, we recalled the good old days
of orientation and decided to arrange ii schedule.

Oiir Schedule:

9 Hours (8:30-5:30) Attend classes and dash about
for News stories while worrying about make-up.

4 Hours (any ones will (lol- Study for those mid-
sems our professrs were cruel enough to give us
in the midst of the Sophomore issue. (Circulation
Dept: Kindly see that Dr. Lanford doesn’t receive
his issue of the News this week. I haven't got my
paper back yet.)

3Hours—7chulnr assignments. You know, those
things you write down so religiously in every
class and then forget what you did with tile
paper you wrote them on?

3 More Hours~~Working on Nilws. This does not in-
clude Tuesday or Wednesday. On these days we
had to dig up a couple extra hours.

Hour——Eat. 'Nuff said.

HH

Happy Hour—Leisure time. Here we worry about
what we should be doing when we're not doing
anything and wonder which teacher will be mad-
dest if we don’t do what we were supposed to do.
Relaxation is a wonderful thing!

8 Hours (this may overlap on class time)~Sleep.
’l‘lmt's u, jolrc, son. u joke.

\Vlio said there \vcrc only twenty-four hours in
llic (lay?

Strangely enough, for sonn unknown i'I':l.\(Ill lhc
schedule didn't work out no wcil, Hi) we inni lo de—
vinc lllltlllll'l‘ schcnn', For just llllrl onc \vccl-z \\c fig-
ured we could skim llll'illll.‘,ll our Jlrlslgidillll‘lll'» rnlhcr
hurriedly nnd concentrate on Ns'nw'. \\'c didn't
cxuclly ship our liolucwoi'lt. [ml is say lin-y could
luch licr-n donc n lilllc liilil‘r' 'llrll‘llli;.’,lll\' ilul lhc
bcsi of llllt‘illliul:: oticn ;:o " ll'n“ :lllll on: prof. ..
HUFH cci'lninly nlrnycd ours.

’l‘hei'c was :1 short mnlh leul Monday but \on can
.ll\\'ll_\'.‘~l rniionnlim- yonr..c|r inio Ihinking \on rnu'l
study for ninth the no}: you i ll) other willlicrl . :rny-
way. 'i‘ucsdny “.‘lS loin-n l.’ll" of with lln- .lopho-
lillll't‘ lcnls. Nolliinc, like .'l cowl (lil'i' il“;l lo lui :hlr-u
up n i.‘,l(illlil‘.’ il'l‘v \\'mllic.lli\' ‘il‘l‘llll;'_lllllll‘v \\\'il‘
iillllll' for .‘l t'llt‘illl‘di‘.’ "until" uion'l li'l hi-; \m'ilru»
l:ll'_\' fool you. ll’. n mod, hold l'ivll lwi'ir’irl i.» ll

(hi 'l‘iun'srlny m- hnd to no lo liuvl..on lo lini-li
lip lllt' lilllll'l', (Hill, of r‘lllli":c, :l'. lolly, :i~-  le'ui
pone this far" iln-u- w.r:. no :uu-d- in llii‘v‘lll“
li‘rirluy. \\'c ll.‘l\'r' :r c-:l in ldrl Ill lrirl.‘l\'

rl\('l'

In ('tllll'lllhltlll

Nl'Vl‘l‘ lci ll ho .nirl llml llli‘l'l' in .ll|\lliill': .‘i
Hophrunol'c cnn'l do. Mindy \vr'ilcn pocliv in her
column and il .l (.‘rcinlin con rio ii :1 l>nl’l\ cnn
ut least niiciupl to anyway. We cuu'l lcl illl‘. :lophw
uun'c lnullc go by \viihoul moving Homcliiun: nboul
llle wnning rlvnil'y :lplril. (lur' i'ccliugs on lio nub»-
jocl. luivc bccn l'crilll'crl lo liic obncur'ily of ciglil
linen.

iic moi cncli clnsn ihui l'llllll' lo Hlnlc

Ami gnvv llicni fighting spiril,

And till he over united for pity

Won the. will to fight, not fear it.

His music was the Hﬂlllld of cheers,

"in pleasure a hunt fought game;

His name? chins rivalry,

Now buried with his fame.

 

 

 

 

 

on": cocLzo: news. FRIDAY.

MARCH 2’. iIJO

m: o -

 

Summer Session 3M9 0/ 71a 

To Open July 1

Instructors To Offer
New, Advance Courses

Dr. Milton G. Nelson, Dean of the
College, has announced that the
summer session for both accelerated
and regular students will begin July
lst and close August 24 and August
14, respectively. Several faculty and
curriculum changes have also been
made and will go into effect this
summer.

Registration will begin after April
1st. Class and enrollment cards may
be obtained in the Registrar’s office
after this date. The fee for regular
students taking four or more hours
is 30 dollars, for those taking less
than four hours, 20 dollars, and 15
dollars extra, in either case, for stu-
dents not residents in New York
State.

Courses in Commerce guidance
service, school administration, Eng-
lish, and social studies will be taught
during the summer session. In ad-
dition, science courses have been
added to the curriculum for the first
time. Refresher courses will be of-
fered in biology, chemistry, and phy-
sics to returning veterans besides
scycral graduate courses in science.
The latter will also be open to any
seniors intcrcslcd.

Dr. Harvey L. Rice will head the
social studies department this sum-
mer replacing Dr. Watt Stewart
who will be absent during the entire
session. Dr. Basil W. Conrad, a. no—
tive of this section, will fill the posi-
tion of visiting professor of school
adminisiration. Dr. Roland C. Bur-
ton will continue in his capacity as
professor of English. A special
course in public library administra-
tion will be taught by Mrs. Sonya
Krulehkoi‘f Essin, the librarian for
the girls' municipal research in
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Profes-
sor of American Diplomatic History
at the University of Viriginia will
leach in the social studies depart-
ment offering work in his special
field Distributive education (sales-
manship) will be taught by Mr. Paul
Richardson, Supervisor of Business
Education of the New York State
Education Department. Dr. Varley
H. Lang, former instructor in the
English department will also return
this summer after serving in the
armed forces. Dr. Harry W. Hast-
ings is also returning as Professor of
English. Dr. Neil McNall, Instructor
in the soeial studies department will
introduce a new course in the his-
tory of New York State this suin-
mcr.

Also being taught for the first
limc nl Huic is n course in the
ll‘nlory oi World Will‘ IT. by 131'.
“mun-l» ’l'nylol‘, Assislnnl. Professor
um Huprll'rlnol' “in Social Studies.

Bulger Announces SE8
Placement Oi Students

Mr. Paul llulpcr. Director of titu-
llllil llinplo‘.‘nunl lini'cnu, llllfi nu—
l.ulllli'l‘ll lln- plnccnu-nl oi len ch—
loiu :onl loln' tll'nllllnir- :ludcnls in
lilrth f-(llilill pinilionra

lln- loilov.nu' Hrnlorw liil\'l‘ .c~-
hiildrwd Anaclnlcnl.
(.Illilill‘ll'l‘ Sharon .‘hu'nn'... llll~
riolph l':l',ll.|l‘./)l-l, Inntiicnmlic.~:
il.|'ll4. l~.-l'.n \Volil, l'lili'llrll nlnl
llllinlt. \Ynllnlylllc’ l‘nllicin llucl.»
Ilil (III! l nillr', lil'l: 5‘: l"'vlll|'l' .\l‘
lril,'l;', l... Il‘h lhll ll.ill'l \‘ll'gluln
lvllllllilllli loin. :nnl lv‘null-li 'l'ru—
n..:u;lnn,- l"ll.',llu'lli llninlllon, >1)—
Ii.il ,.|(ullc .\l.ll’:':llr!\lllc l\l;\l;llll‘
llnllorlt. tonnnrrl-c, (mil: Normu
\\'crin-r, :(u'lul :«lndicr». lilbn; nnd
\llcc hir'liounll. Mlt‘llll .‘wllldll‘h,
(‘olnunli

llie l',l;lllli‘.ill‘ :.ludenl.~: who linvc
ln‘r'ii .‘Iuploycd ure', l.ylc l.nwlon.
«lcncc. (‘hc.~lcrlown. .I Manson
lit-cvi‘n, "\i'll‘lll'i'. lloo:.l(‘ll l“:lllr:] Al—
lil‘ll lll'r'l‘lil:lll.“, ncicucc, Horror-1 and
Mary lrincrlnn, lrlughnh nnd library,
li'otl Nu:.:;nu

lGC Tallies Election Results

Lois Hutchinson. 'rl'l, has been
i‘ll‘t‘lt‘tl clmllrnmn ol' inter—(iroin
(louncil for lhc school year lil-iii—‘l'l.
She will succeed Shirley S. Passow.

rm'cll I‘ll) I

Should you ask us whence this leg-
end

whence this tale of struggle furious

A story left unfinished

Since the end has not been acted,

We should answer, We should tell

you.
From the lofty tOWering battlements
Of the Indians‘ palefaoe brother
In a cold and damp September.

Then the new and untried warriors,
The eager ‘savage Daffies,

First met their bitter foe

Gathered in the Ingle Room.
Myskania there the mighty

And war chiefs battle weary

Who now gave counsel to the young
Around Pukwana of the Peace-Pipe.

The embers in the Peace-Pipe faded

As the flames burst out intensely

In the vicious Gremlins’ eyes.

The Daily braves received their
banner

On that first Activities Day;

Swore to guard Minerva bravely

To outwit their crimson foe.

The laughing princess Dell

Welcomed unsuspecting Devils

In her wlgwam. Eloise ,

The Worthy invoked her father’s
spirit.

Then the tables were turned over
As the Devils, vainly hoping,

Signed for non-existent dates

At the Daffies' super bureau;
Eagerly fought for library seats
While designing Dames urged them

on.

Then, with inward quaking, waited

For the banner hunt on Campus
Day.

In the Campus Day encounter

The foolhardy freshmen fighters

Having won the Campus Cup

Displayed their banner in the breeze.

The Dairies tricked the Devils

Who ran in hot pursuit

Of an empty-handed warrior

While their banner disappeared.

 

This week’s issue editors are the Sophomore Desk Editors. Left to
right they are: Carol Clark, Ann May, Marjorie Harland, Marjory Elmore,

and Ellen Roehi‘ord.

 

And in patriotic manner
To Lushinsky gave their nickels.

Then this tribe with yellow war
point

And cry “Geronimo” were

Led in heated council meetings

By their great war eagle Brophy,

Lcd on muddy battlefields

To vie with grasping Gremlins,

To fight them to a standstill

In a search for blazing emblems.

The Dai‘i‘ies eager for the fray

Gathered greater stronger forces

Led a new and bold offensive

And stripped the Gremlins of their
standard.

From lll’.‘ huppy hunting grounds

The (jircni While Splril counseled
lhcni

And the Dailies" Fresh Big ll

Took the prbzc b3 Flying High.

'l‘hcn lhnl I“in onc incl in council

.‘\'lnpp.-d onl plnlls to gather funds

For n gicnlcr wnr‘s conclusion,

hr! llll‘ :~in;.',c for "Angel Street"

.\nrl \(on iuol'c lillllllr. in rivalry.

’l‘ln-n :o lnrlhcr common freedom

’lsm'. clllcd Iliclr blows and fair
younL: lnndlcns

\nn l.illl],lil lhcm hu’ lhcn' Coili-
iii In show».

‘lin', ounn‘cn ninn- balls on gran
ll‘r'l'il lnblc:

'\ cm: llorconnn ~.l.nnnnd one
lllllll‘ ponu

(n. (ll.llllllll(l:~ l).lllll“\ :.howcd their
rii'lll‘dll

\lni l).ll\'_‘. llillliltl llll‘ M'ol'c Silll
ll. lnl'.

l‘ln ll;.l‘...--. “hound lhcir bullle
l‘llr':.

v'\n.? culpv oi giccil :llllll'lll'll illcll‘
boll.»

\~ lllc \iciorkw piled up.

.r\nd lllcll cvcr—nnrhkc spirit won
llu- l'lll‘l ilg.

(in Momma-le l);l_\ the singing
l)l‘.l\'(‘.\

lili'lxlllll'll rln- .unm of their spoils.

.'\1 hr»! lllc_\ lrnlicd by ciglileen
poinln

llnl finally in»! by two.

A dnnnllcss spirit urged them on

’l‘houuh victory was lost.

And only winners in their hearts,

'l‘hcy bidcd their lime 'tll the next
moon.

rl'hcn the warriors vcngcancc-tlilrsty

this year's chairman of Intcr—(ir‘oupw,H, “H, mm, In,“ sum.“ of punthem

Council.

l'lollcd in their pewwows

When the rainy moons came, a war-

feast was held

Led by the Princesses Gilbert and
Hildreth

Around the ceremonial fire,

And Rice was served as the crown-

ing dish.

Then armed with hockey sticks and
pucks, ,

The daring Dailies drove down the
field,

Drove the weak and llClplE‘zi Devils

And stuck that feather in their
headdress.

A1 a niceling of the gathered tribes

The l‘llllltl \‘icd in battle chants,

in mugs of loynlly, to see

Who bcsl could praise their native
ll‘ibc.

"For \\‘c are the immortals

The Class of lt‘oi'ly-Eigllil”

Was llic ii'ibulc gcnily waited

’l‘lnough llu’ honored linlls of State.

l.c.l by thinul—\\’ho~Never—Faltcrs

And l)cnd—lec~'l'ildcu in busketbull

’l‘hc bloodlhh'sly bnllling warriors

[\lilllllsxlll‘ll Iln- skulklng l“()l‘l_\'NlllCl‘S

in i‘.\‘I.I l'oll:.(‘l'llll\'t' :ulvcnturous
l'lllll(.‘\

lly h vh l.l‘i('.‘ii on llic l):lhl{l‘il)llll
chili

'l‘l..- ..i.nil'll ('lil‘llﬂl‘lll' l)nil‘ic.~;

(Tlmllnd up line!“ more points.

'l'hc -,o,.r -.v spun ol illl' daring
l).lll.‘~

Now \\fl('ll!‘.l in \n'loi‘y

‘.zn‘n. ,.i:li \‘.l‘.li lcll‘ni nncnslly

‘l‘o ll.li'(' \cl (llll'r' nunlu

in l'-l='," lolnorrow llll‘lll

in "l.r-..\c ilcr 'l'o lirnlll." llic Sopll
lily, ii

Will'l‘c "ncll ‘~llll hc lhc immortals

'l‘in- (‘ln .n of l“(ll‘l\'—l£§llilll.l"

Two Student Offices Raised

lllll'lll;‘, nlelllll)’ last Friday, stu-
dent Amoc'ulloll voted to raise the
l‘l'c‘sldl'lll‘y of liillcl lo a major of-
iicc nnd lhc Assistant Director of
Press liln‘cnu to n minor office. The
role was taken in response to a
motion lillldc by Joseph Pnicvsky,
President of lllllcl.

Willi the advancement of the
Presidency of Hillel into a. major
office, the heads of all three reli-
gious clubs are on an equal level.

 

Library Display To Include
Trophies From Philippines

An exhibit of trophies from
the'Phillipines is on display in
the library this week. These
trophies were contributed by
Lieutenant Anthony Sroka who
graduated from State in 1932.

One of the most outstanding
articles in the exhibit is a Jap-
anese sword which was present-
ed to Lt. Sroka by his men
overseas. There are also some
silver coins which are rather
blackened from being hidden in
the sea. When the Japanese ar-
rived, large amounts of this
money were dumped into the
ocean to keep it from the enemy
and were later retrieved by the
Americans. Several specimens
of Japanese currency are also
included in the exhibit.

In addition to these trophies
there is a pair of painted wood-
en shoes such as the Philippine
women wear at festivals and
other special occasions. Near
these are several silver trinkets
and bits of coral and a small,
hand-carved model of a fishing
boat Similar to those used on the
islands by the native fishermen.

Zoubek Will Lecture
At Commerce Meeting

Charles E. Zoubek, State Certi-
fied Shorthand Reporter, now em-
ployed by the Gregg Publishing
Company. will present a demonstra-
tion in Room 206, Draper, Friday
April 5 at 3:30 P. M. He is appear-
ing under the sponsorship of Pi
Omega Pi, honorary commerce so-
ciety.

Mr. Zoubek is a nationally known
shorthand expert who has totaled
260 words per minute in shorthand.
0n the blackboard his record drops
to 200 words per minute. In addition
to the demonstration, Mr. Zoubek
may also observe some of the short-
hand classes Friday.

The shorthand expert is the au-
thor and co-author of many short-
hand, speed text books.

Eileen Moody, President of Pi
Omega Pi, has invited all State stu-
dents, including those outside the
commerce department, to attend his
demonstration.

 

Playhouse Stage. I
One-Act Plays
April l0, Page

Mary Harvey, ’47, President 01001-
lege Playhouse, has announced that
the two one-act plays, directed by
Marjorie Cronin, ’46, and Edith
Dell, ’48, formerly scheduled for
Tuesday, April 9, will be presented
Wednesday, April 10, at 8:30 P. lit.

in the Page Hall Auditorium. Pro-

duction classes for College Play-
house are being resumed this semes-
ter, and Miss Harvey will condmt
the first one Tuesday at 3:30 PM.
in the auditoriiun.

Miss Cronin’s play will be a. com-
edy dramatizing the attempts of a
young farmer, Harold Gould, ’47, to
propose to his neighbor's daughter,
whose part is taken by Gloria. Jai-
fer, '48. Joseph Palevsky, ’46, will
portray her father.

Casi. for Tragedy

Barbara Dunker, ’48, and Arthur
Soderlind, ’47, will act the parts of
the mother and father in Miss Dell’s
tragedy. Robert Lynch, ’48, will be
the son and Frederick Baron, ’49,
an old soldier. The clerk who repre-
sents the firm to which the son be-
longs will be played by Joseph Roul-
ier, ’48.

Committees for both plays are:
Sets, Dorothy Diffin, '48; Lights.
Frances Child, ’48; Props. Rosemary
Ryan; Costumes, Alice Knapp, ’47;
and Make-Up, Muriel Gardiner, ’48;
for Miss Dell’s play and Miss Jaffer
for Miss Cronin's.

Admission to these plays will be
by student tax ticket.

Production Classes

The topics to be covered by the
production class Tuesday are sets
and lighting. Scheduled classes iri-
clude those dealing with make-up,
led by Miss Jaffer and Robert
Loucks, graduate student, and cos-
tuming, led by Alice Knapp, ’47. Miss
Agnes Futterer, Assistant Professor
of English, to lecture on play prod-
uction.

 

Gay Costumes, Customs Dominate
Picturesque l G C Folk Festival

“United Nations on the march
with flags unfurled . . ." quoth IGC
as plans swing into action in the
fifth Big 8. Dancing and singing
their way through a colorful Folk
l‘r‘cstlvnl, Inter-Group upholds the
principles of their organization.

With Chuck Axelrod at the helm,
ihe Folk Festival steers its way
through a stage show at eight
o'clock in Page. followed by exhibi-
tions ill gnily dccornlcd booths in
llic gym.

This first big noclnl project of
lulcr-(lroup Council takes place
April l; Gl'chl things are in the
mnkin' in the stage :.ho\v as Lois
l-lnlchinson, next year‘s newly elect-
(d ('ll.lll’lllilll dii'ccls the cast in n
nnnmnl producliou. Marianne Dav-
is. "lo", will l't‘lll'i‘fil'lli l-lungnry with
a dance, \\‘llll(‘ l‘olnnd lakes a bow
.n :hc form of :1 pl'oi'csrdollul (lancer,
i.npni--ki. America will (‘lllll‘lltill‘l‘lZl‘
licrncll‘ by harmonious folk songs in
llir‘ lll.n' of a lrio Mmcr, chcr rind
l\llll.‘l Muriel ltubni steps up for
the .h-whh lovc song, “llow Lovely
Is (he Moon.“ The :wvaiggei'iiig. ro-
l_)ll:«i llussinu I'olk (lnnccs, tho
"’l‘ro.kn," will be porlrnycd by a
dozen Hnylcs l-lnll dnnincls. An-
oiin-r Snylcs llull group will give
out \leh a Highland Fling. ltussin
will again lake the slnge with a
linssinn bullcl. pcrlorincd by Serge
Sininpkm, :i Milne lllgh School pu-
pll. illllel will handle the Piilcsline
question, uild li‘run lyIullin will wind
up the program by singing, “The
llouse 1 Live In.”

At the conclusion of llio stage

OTTO ii. MENDE

Tue COLLEGE JEWELER

103 CENTRAL AVE.

 

show, activities will move to the
gym. Here, booths, decorated to
represent nine different countries
will be arranged along the walls.

Food, concessions, and other fair
ncliylties will prevail on the gym
laa‘ground. Ruth Seelbach heads
the booih committee with a separate
chairman for each booth.

ld‘hllt‘ Hervey. '40, dominates
North America, chiefly the United
States. whoth booth will be deco-
ruled in lhe traditional red, white
and blue. Canada and Mexico each
\\'lll be honored, with their chair-
lllcli gnrbed in representative cos~
nnncs. China will show her deli-
i.lll' innnnerisms under the leader-
~hip o1 Doris Haillnvnlte, ’48. while
lr tinnln blossoms out under
ilo:~c llcrg. '49. South America will
my into the picture. led by Mary
:co. Vitrnoy, ‘xlli. and Helen Kisiel,
lit, will manage the affairs of Con-
null l‘llll‘ll1)t,‘. Lorna Kunz, '47, han-
dlr- Northern Europe. \vliilc liar-
bnrn llcil’f. 'Alli. and Betty Bl'cbcck,
'-l.~l, no in but for Sonlhcrn Europe.
'l‘hc usual Big ll price, $.35, will
prcvall.

ll.  Honikel & Son

Pharmacists
Llil'Alll ISHED 1006 PHONE 4v2036
1‘57 CENTRAL AVE.
ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

RIGE ALLEYS

Western & Quail
150 a game for school leagues
from 0 AM. to 6 PM.

 

 

 

 

 

