    

 

 

 

 

 

 

WﬁﬁWlﬁwfﬁrmeMWm-me-WF... .. .. .w .,

5 .

 

ITA'I'I COLLIGE NIWI. FRIDAY, OCTOIIR 4, 1946

 

 

 

 

 

. By Pat Sheelum ——

We forgot to carry our umbrella
around with us this week and guess
what happened! It rained! e
really should have known better
than to believe Mr. Weatherby when
he said it would clear by noon.

I. , , V y I “t.
I)“: Cwalldmsak pGPenn; t, 4 Returns To Stale Announces List

, m econ ame 0 After 4 Years OI Rivalry Events
tlrllzr‘trlttl. emu... w...

the National League penant yester-
They day afternoon by decidedly beating

4 I
told us in the mental Commando the Brooklyn D0dgei‘s by an 8 t0 Open'ns G ame

course known as freshman science score.

that Albany is the one place you

In the opener of their three-game

RivaIry Pushball Rivalry Committee

Pushball as a rivalry sport ls be- a e“,
ing brought back to the State camp- Mon Ad‘l‘t'c COT“
u

. II; is the first time since the On  
fall of ’42 that it has been played

Intramural League here. The game is scheduled for The rivalry committee, headed by

three Weeks from today, October 25. Frank Woodworth, President of the
at 4:30 P. M. on the Page Hall fleld- Senior class, has released the fol-
Rlvalry points Will be awarded to lowing list of rivalry contests for
the Winning claSS- the school year 1946-’47, along with

In the games played yesterday af- Ben Jackson. ’50. has been W“ the points assigned to each event.

   
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 

can't pram“ me wef’mer' NEW“ for the Nathhal League “33 ternoon in the intro-mural foot- pointed captain of the frosh team, Value in
" * the Cardinals trounced the Dodgers ball league, the Finks defeated the and Bob Merritt will lead the “Red Event Points
One thing of course that Y0“ can 4 to 2. Climbing out of their batting Raiders by a 19.6 count. The win- Devils” of '49. Merritt, having had Banner rivalry .......... ..  5
Predict in Albany is that When it slump they SmaShe‘i ‘1 dozen hits on ners broke away to an early lead of some experience in State's last pi‘e- Football .......... ..  3
“his the Sports program suffers‘sx flVe Brocklyn DltChel’S and became 13-0 in a game that was marked war game, may be able to give his Pushball ............................... ..  3
intrfinaurmt ,h‘lwi’vagék giggled... loge- Soud favorites ‘70 cop ithe ELMO“ with many interceptions. team some pointers to gill/1e tllgiln a Campus Day Flie‘lsd Events .  g

as e -ou S m rcan a ue m over 9 “ ue- Do 3 i _ ......... ., 

ills tcul‘neys were a” a Standsml‘  grille: Reed Sox, in The In the other half of the double  03%;... age  ....  lllllll u  2
' ‘ . World Series. hm: the 3337195 Han Gent's played A pushball team consists of tWen- Ping Pong ................ .. . 2

Indoor sports, however, were car- the VanDerzee six to a touchdown w men ten to play each of the ﬁve November Class sing 2%
mad on as usual- Glasses were held' Prior to the same it Was rumored tie. An attempted kick by Bob Klt' minute’llalves. It may seem strange Girls’ Basketball .... .. 3
assignments were given and the 11‘ that Southpaw Howard Pallet was teredge was blocked in the closlhg that each class needs enough men Boys. Basketball M 3

brary was more crowded than the s1Jffering an aching bad! and might minutes, which caused some dispute, for two full unemps, but it is 3]. Debate IIIIIIIIIIIIIIII _‘  21,4,
Commons (with tfrlts'is‘hinenfL-‘st aun not be galed to Igaltte this1 “103;; is: but the game ended at 6-6. most impossible fol. [my one to play Bowling, Girls.   2
e the e e'e h Re 1‘5. 11 ac ng . - hi er . _v ‘ I . . l . i . _ _ . I _ _ u 2
Elli: all the yseogts.  Pollett’s smooth twirling held intramural football league  fégemigfmgﬁgsc,‘;§al,ys guy! gmﬁhgholffeég Girls.  2
* * the Brooks to eight hits. finally started Wednesday With a thing g;er except slugging, kicking. Softball Girls' I ...... .. 3
It seems as if the one place a double'header at Page Field' The and biting The ball used ill the Softhah' Boys' """" u 3
claustrophobic can got Peace and Shuhy Shines , first game saw a heavily favored game is ab‘out six feet in diameter MUD ’Fleld  4
quiet is in the Lounge. If we re- Both the losers runs were knock: Ramblers score a 19_6 victory over with a rubber bladder and leather M.U.D. Skit 2

member correctly last year it was ed ill by Howie Schultz, the Dodgei the from. and cover so it looks something like an M.U.D. Sing ............... .. 2%
distinctly understood that the first baseman. In the top of the Dickinson scored for the Ramblers overgrown basketball. Cﬁeéré u u 5
Lounge was to be a place neither as third he sent a mighty clout 1mg and Ken George tallied for the The object of pushban is to get Big Eigﬁ't ............................. u 6

“0353’ as “‘9 Commons “or as. the left ﬁeld bleaChers’. ms um frosh. Neither team played vary the ball over the opponent’s goal """"" " ..__.

qulet ('2) as the libi'al'y- Thls yam homer 0f the Yeah and m the 56"" outstanding football. 11m. in any way possible At the Total ................................... " 632A.

it is just a dead silence.
it ii i

nother lace that noticeably
larfked activiltay was the WAA hockey
practice on the Dorm field (the one
pro-flood practice) The frosh turn-
ed out in numbers that outweighed
the Sophs three-

! ' ' n more. You have enth by
“as loom rm ma y the few fine the Cards. almost c

to take advantage of

enth drove Pee Wee Reese across in
a clean drive to right.

Except for these two tallies Pol- Han
let kept the eight Brooklyn hits well '
scattered. In his off moments he
was backed up by sensational field-
to-one but there ing. A beautiful throw in the sev-

days that star the Albany climate. the game.

Never put off until tomorrow what

v . You might not be ed the bases ill the third and fifth game,
Nu can do “may and put two more aboard in the 012115 ont
eighth but three swift double plays
The fresh wisely took advantage pulled the cards ou

able to do it in the rain.
l t it

The Brooks trlecl hard. They load-

of last Saturday's clear skies. They spots
had a private practice of their own Shula Doesn't Shine

d show lenty of promise. Where
ills the 50%ils all this time? There
is such a thing as over-confidence
in last year's experience. There must
be some members of ’49 that need
to get back in Eh? szvlng of things.

ti

We‘ve heard that some athletes on
campus appreciate the necess1ty for
keeping in training. In preparation
for varsity athletics they count their
calories as carefully as a beauty edi:
tor. No rich cream desserts f01
them . . . they call it quits with
sweet-potato ppddlngl

Another silver-lining in the cloud-
ed sports news is the ready response
to the Camp Johnston sign-up sheet.
The list for the weekend of Octo-

. - .' lld men
her 9m mmugh nth was poscelclell‘e's Dodgers in yesterday's crucial game.
of red faces Rule [11, Section 1 ‘ I 4

Tackling: The ball carrier shall be Cllh'lhht’h'” Commg weal" NOL enough won his serve and by outstanding
We men signed up to warrant the for- not play again broke "Sully‘s" servo
has mum“) 01‘ “ regular leaghc- How‘ to take the game and make it 6-0.
m. with ever. ll‘ then: are some who didn‘t Sewn“ Set

filled. Have a nice time. kids.
hoping this part of the wor
rained out by then.

 

 

 

Slate's SIucIenIs

id is but there must be a lot
around school today.

.__,.__.-—'-—-._.._—.._.~..._._.______ _

In yesterday's same the DOdgel‘S Rule 1, Section 3
tred hard again.

The Cards fell behind in the open-

ing stanza when Brooklyndrizwhfirst
bIOOd' St' Louis rallied quwRy ow' long trousers permissible if rolled
ever and pushedi aciosstaf‘vgoa 112:3 above the ankles). sneakers or bus-
whféﬁ afsoiituirﬁlgiteged until the ketball shoes. athletic supporters.
ninth. Brooklyn was held to one hit and Shuts-
until the ninth in which they made
their only threat. Three run was
scored and the bases loaded when Rule 11
Shultz, who had homered in

Louis two days before stepped up

he fanned.

it it

Or Why Not to go Out on a Limb

tioncd below who picked the

Favor Dodgers

In Brooklyn—Cards PIaonI Series

t was also the opinion of Betty
Bill'nap. '48. that the Cards were due
to carry off the honors. “Why not?‘
They have much the better team.
Upon approaching a vet spelled
R-U-F-F!) we found that the Calds

This is the season in which one
sits glued lo the radio. biting Till:
gcrnalls and using language novel
heard lll Oral English. The reason?
Baseball. of counsel! Those heated
conferences in the Commons and
lower Draper hove Just one topic of
discusslullwlllc Dodgers. Cards. and
the playoff. 80. us usual. the Sports
Staff Went to work and brought
forth a poll on the impending ques-
tion:

"Who do you think will will the
playoff and why?"

Of thirty-five students asked.
fourteen were in favor of the St.
Louis Cards and twenty -ono
staunchly supported the Brooklyn
Dodgers. H

Silys Janico Fitzpatrick. '50. I
think the Cards will will. unfortu-
lultcly. They are ll young team and
all the 'dcud wood' has been sorted
out." Mlll'y Liz Sullivan. '46. wus a
bit more emphatic wllcll silo shriek-
ed. “The Brooklyn Dodgers. of
course! Whoevor buys the Cards, 111
kill ’clllll”

, Hana:

hu:l another full in Austin Monroe,

‘alrle. the Grads . . . '
pllIllrledth: (it-38013;; i’ltll Van Derzee With five men z1131906 tOUChlhg the are athletic contests, lll winch forty-

Both teams failed to show ball and five meh ten yards behind one of the total rivalry points are to

any tricky plays and relied upon
long passes almost entirely.

Uniform: Regulation physical ed- boys on,"
ucation wearing apparel
This shall consist of shorts

Eye Glasses: Eye glasses shall not

judgment of the officials. he
been touched by an opponc
both hands simultaneously
below, the belt line and to the

Holding the ball carrier:
or holding the ball carrier

Start Of 851011 half the teams line up Of the scheduled events. fourteen

it. After the stal‘tlng’ Signal all may be awarded. New comers to the list
try to push the ball. but the usual of sports events this year are foot-
system is to have only five men ball. pusllball. men‘s basketball, and

These opening games showed two pushing and the rest trying to tear men's sorghum, These contests are
Slaughteh right fielder for things that we fell will be extremely their opponents away from the ball. to be uhdol- the direction of MAA.
el‘lhihly 53"“ important in the remaining games. This may be done by tackling block- Elghtooh pomts will be allotted to
We feel that MAA should schedule ing or dragging them off, but once gh-ls' events with eighteen points
referees and headlinesmen for each this is done the player must be l'e- also awarded for men's events.

rather than to pick up offi- leased to return to the ball. if pOs— Although a Lenmtive schedule of
he the spur of the moment. sible.
also appeared to be some All ill all. this should be a rough been fol-Impaled, the dates for the
t of threatening question as to some of the rules. so and tumble game. Although rivalry football and pushball games have
we are printing those that were (115- points will not be awarded for been set, The football game Will be

dates for the entire list has not yet

cheering at this contest, it is hoped played on October 13th while the
that each class will back its team pushbau game will take place Oil
with lots of spirit to “spur the October 20th.

FeeneyhO'Grady Win 6-0,

6-1, In Tennis Tournament

 

Rain from Monday to Wednesday

hampered play-offs ill the mixed

3 ‘n ' ° ' doubles tennis tournament. The only
game played. (and this was all Sun-

Tlle latest developments from the day). was between me teams of
MAA department took the form of 06mm. and Feeney_ and Sweeney

Protests: No protest may be made 5‘ Shorth hhncmh posmd 0h Tue-Shh” and Sullivan. .
on instances involving solely iiids- 0.0110911“? the SChe‘h‘hS "csumhg Fccncy served and scored the first
to the plate' but true to Casey mrm’ ment of the officials. Protests may “'01th Sll-3~'h'ul) Sheets {01' “"51” game on his serve. On the return
he made only on omemlsr interpret- and liltra—lllul'ul sports. Inclement mm. by lumhanded Sullivan. the

5 must be Weather interfered With the football mmch went dance before Tom fin.
made ill writing not later than 24 Shhcmlle b1” mole were notice“ 00’" :llly broke through by brilliant de-
Admil‘ation is due to the people hours arm. the game has been DIM“ cel'nlllg other minor sports.

. fellsivc not work. O'Gl‘acly won her

Men who signed the lists for golf serve and by quick work nmde
and archery will find further infor- chcncyis servo incﬂ‘ecqu by mgr,
motion on the MAA bulletin board buck co'um work Tom Fecmy {lg-ah.

01. sign and wish to play they should Feeney took me first] mulch. but,

l'Clll‘. 5",“ Chuch “humwh-V‘ 50cc” buns Bob's effective lci't-llzll'ldcd serve

Grasping M” be “"hnhblc LOI‘m‘TO‘V hum" galvc llllll and Sweeney their first

in any noon from 2:00 to 5:00 P. M. on the mum

manner shall be considered lllcgul. Pth Hun “Old- A spark of inlerosl, went the
l’cnulty: First down at point of All illcu who are planning to try- rounds of the crowd of students and

‘49. "The DOClgel'S have hevm' WOh violation or at point of previous out for varsity. Junior vurslty. or pul'k cmployccs who were watching

yet; why should they Still‘l WWW?" down 11:11])Llllll'S choice).

A little further down the hull wc

cornered Eloise Worth. ‘48. colicct- ltule VI. Section 1
Free Bull: A free ball is n bull and HWilliiiillig Will not begin until Sullivull lo Luke the next five games
Sports 500W)“ 0f the ThheS'UhIOhv which is ill play but not ill posses- lil‘lcr the Thanksgiving recess.
who said. “What do you think I've sum and ammo; of any “hump

u. A free bull may be udvuuccd by
Those Cards don‘t stand a chancel" mm... Sm...

b. A blocked kick which does not
llclltrul we stopped BOD SlithIlhv cross file line of scl‘lluulugc is ll
'46. who stated, “The Cards. defin- m... bl,”

c. A Iulcrul puss will be considered
Shh-‘3 SW“ MllSlhI- Willle KLIYUW‘ u ll‘CL‘ bull cvcu illicl' striking tllc
ski. Enos Slaughter. Schoendlenst." gmumL

OTTO R. MENDE

THE COLLEGE JEWELER

103 CENTRAL AVE.

lug F‘l'osil Dues with one eye on the

been wearing blue every day for?

After assuring her that we were
ltclyl i‘ll give you a few good roll-

lie was interrupted by Howie Lynch.
‘43. insisting that it was lilo Dodgers
rr nothing. "They've got the fight-
lllgest team and the best manager
in the National League!”

They were still bottling us We
moved on to find .iusty Mlllollcy. '48.
ready and willing to buck her team.
“Sure. it's the Cards! They are more
consistent and con pull through in
the clutches." But it was Fi’llllk
WUOIIWOl‘lll. ‘47. who really had the
right angle: “'I‘llose Cards won’t
will--——-illey'(l never get off Ebbctt‘s
Field alivell"

With the completion of our poll
the stuff lull: only one statement to
lnukczz Blood ill the dugout. blood
on the mound. . . ."

l'l'osll basketball] teams have been the game.
asked to get in touch with tile However. ill rupld ordcl‘. Fcellel’
Couch. ’I'llc progl'ulll for bowling illltl O'Gl‘ucly dcfcutcd Sweeney and

ulld lllc mulch. 6-1.

 

 

Where all the Students Meet

MADISON

 

S W E E 'l‘ S H I) I’

785 Madison Ave. ALBANY, N. Y.

 

Home Made ICE CREAM

 

H. F. Honikel & Son

PHONE 41036
157 CENTRAL AVE.
ALBANY. N. Y.

 

SODAS —- CANDY ~— SANIWVIIIIIIIIS

Lunchcou Scl‘Vcd Daily

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

OPEN DAILY AT 8 A. M.

 

 

 

 

 

 

Faculty Members
To Participate
In Conlerence

Dr. Frederick To Lead
Special Interest Group

All State College and Milne High
school faculty members. with the
exception of a few supervisors re-
maining to direct practice teach-
ers, will attend the 13th conference
of New York Association of State
Teachers College Faculties Wednes-
day through Saturday in Buffalo.
“Education of Human Cooperation"
has been adopted as the convention
theme.

Faculty to Head Groups

Dr. Robert Frederick. director of
teacher training. will lead a special
interest group discussion Oil "Edu-
cation" Thursday afternoon, while
Dr. J. Wesley Childers. assistant
professor of Spanish, will act as
chairman of the American Associa-
tion of University Professor’s busi-
ness meeting later ill the day.

After registration and an informal
reception Wednesday evening. the
conference will get underway at a
general session Thursday in Buffalo
State Teachers College. Delegates
will attend department lunclleons
and then participate ill special in-
terest groups meetings from 2 to 4
p. in.

On the evening schedule is a pro-
gram celebrating tile 75th year of the
State Teachers College at Buffalo,
featuring several musical numbers.
a short dramatic presentation of the
history of the college and exhibits of
its growth and development.

Slate Grollp Meetings

Friday morning will be devoted
to sessions of general interest groups
on the following topics: “Values to
the State Teachers College ill Serv-
ing Regional Needs." “Developing
Student Personality through Par-
ticipation in College Activities". “De-
veloping a Well—Knit College Unit
through Organization. Administra-
tion and Instruction," and “Implica—
tions of General Education for
Teacher Education".

Tile afternoou meeting will again
concern special interest groups, and
these meetings will continue Satur-
day morning.

Dr. Frederick is also serving on
the association's publication coul-
mittee for 1944-46, while 131'. Marion
E. Smith. assistant professor of
French, is a member of the board
of directors for the some period.

Miss Albert Calls Meeting

A meeting for Seniors and gl'udu—
ate students interested in register-
ing with Student Employment Bu-
reau will be conducted lll Room 206.
Monday at 4:15 P. M.

 

. ,STATE'. COLLEGE. NEWS.

 

 

 

We promised faithfully to finish

our engagement list this week but
with humblest apologies, we will
have to admit that the only engage-
ments holding any importance are
those betWeen the Cards and the
Dodgers. One of “0m boys” ill
bl'coklyn tells us that a crowd of
25.000 anxious fans spent a good
part of the night outside Ebbets
Field last week for first choice
“bleachers”, which causes one to
wonder how the 24,999th fan-fal'ed.*
Unbiased as we are. we were prayill‘
fer “Dem Bums.”
' By word of the A.C.P.**, we haVe
it that there's “a tale going around
the Iowa State campus of a certain
English prof who went over to a
local apartment house and asked to
see the list of people living ill it and
also the waiting list. He didn’t have
to go through very many names be-
fore he found the one he was look—
ing for. and said. “Put my name
down 101‘ the man's apartment.
please. I just Ilunked him, and he‘ll
be dropping out of school any day
now."

Alld the Seebl'ing (Ala) News
tells how the dean of women at a
large co-educational college severely
criticized the moral laxity of the
students. announcing to the student
body on Wednesday that “Tile Pres—
ident and I have decided to stop
necking on the campus."

All llOllSL‘L coed at the University
of Kansas came right back at the
‘Lqu" recently. Instead of scurry—
ing by the horde of wolfisll lawyers
on the steps of Green Hall. she
paused ut LllCll' whistles and whip—
pod out a sign. Printed on it ill big
red letters were the simple words:

“Thank you!"

Poster paper and paint can be
purchase-1 for a fairly decent sum
ill the Co-op.

Recent Headlines

Washington State: A seven part
glee clllb 01' several thousand voices
will cheer the Huskies ill the home
coming grid scrap with California.

(lanisius College: Golden Gl‘iffs
given send off in clleel‘ rally.

Union College: First pep rally.
dance highlight weekend.

State College: Well . . . How about
a Pep Rally???

From the Cullisius College Griffin,
we discover several Bel‘gel'aciall*"‘*
Observations;

Ccllllllclltul'y a la Cyrano on u
bul‘l‘zlcks classrooms—

Fl'lcndly: Tell llle. how do you
plan on heating this tiling—a fire
underneath it perhaps?

Descriptive: ‘Tls a lean-to. a shed.
21 burn—u blll'll? nay, all over-sized
chicken coop!

Inquisitive: What is that? A shed
for curing lnul'illuana?

Kindly: All. do you so love horses
that you build u special structure to
house them?

Thoughtful: Wuit ‘til I get an

Students Give Enthusiastic Response
To College Library Evening Hours

The college llbl‘lll‘y will be open
for the use of student teachers lll
Milllc during the coufcrcllcc Week—
and vacation. according lo Miss
Mul'y Ellzubclll Cobb. collcg‘c li-
bl'ill'iull. Hours will be from 8:00
AM. to 5:00 PM. chllcsduy; from
9:00 A.M_ to 5:00 RM. ()ll ’l‘llui‘s—
day illlfl Friday. uud from 0:00 AM.
to 12 noon Saturday.

Ill conllllclllillg oll lllf' success of
keeping the libl'ul'y upon ill the cyc—
lllng‘s from 7:00 to 9:30 P.M.. Miss
Cobb suid lllul. sludcllls lliid utilized
the resolve ulld loull (ll‘sks for the
most purl. A lul'gc llllilllJi‘l‘ lluvc
tukcll advantage of this opportunity
to work ill the libl'ul'y. the count
l‘cuclllllg u pcuk of 70 lust chllu's—
(lily.

Less l'cl‘cl'cllcc work is bring dollc
lllull \vzls cxpcclcd. but work of this
sort. would bc difficult lo llulldlc
sillcc only two llbl'ul'illlls lll'l‘ on duty
during the owning. 1f lilill‘l‘ lllollcy
should be ullolu-(l lo lllc libl'ul'y. ll
llllglll be possibil- lo llll‘l' ll sludcul.
assistulll to work ill the i'i‘h‘l‘l‘Vi‘ dcsk
checking lll illl(l out. books. lllus
fl‘cclllg ll llbl'ul'illll l'lll' llclplllg slu—
dcllts lo illld l'cl‘cl'cllccs. _

Studl-lll l‘cspollsc to llllVllliJ, lllc ll-
bl'lu'y opcll wus vcl‘y cullulslusllcc
pul'llcului'ly lulloug lllorlc vclcl'ulls
who are living lll privulc llolllcs,
Stun Abl'nlns. '49, pounded on the
library table and declared firmly.

 

"’I‘llcy gotta kccp it opcll. I just.
iluvcll‘l. got any olllcl' place to study.
“Private llolllcs." he added ill u re-
sll‘ulucd fusilloll. "ulc u lougll place
in gcl your cducutioll.”

Jf‘llll Mch-il from the l‘l'cslllllllll
class sllllcd its udvulllugc lo her by
explaining that She walked in tile
lll'lcl'uooll and was unable to do her
libl'ul'y ussiglllllcllts ill the dllylilllc.

Ollie Mung llll(l Polly Pctcl'scll.
Sl-lllol's. uppl'ccilllc llli' (lulcl. utmos-
lllll‘l'l' the library offers for study.
()llic's l'cply lo the NEWS inquiry
was. “It glvcs lllc u cilllllcc to work
wllcl'u pcoplc likc you won‘t bolllcl'
lllc." Polly llddcd illul the books
she lu'cdcd ill connection with lll'l'
collcgc clusscs wcl'c cllslcl‘ lo obllllll

5161a - Mint

By ROCHFORD and WORTH

 

umbrella; I think I see clouds
through the holes in the roof.

Familiar: Tell me. Charles—how
many bars of soap do you get in a
box this size?

Dramatic: Don’t sell the old
homestead. father! Burn the darn
thing down!

Lyric: Lo. the Etl'uscans have de-
serted their camp!

Rustic: Call that a school? I be
no fool! I know a corncrib when I
see one!

Ill trying to contact one of “our
boys" (again) from the North we
were informed that all communica-
tions with Malone have been cut
off due to a severe snow storm. We
bet the mercury falls pretty far
down up there. Konfoosing, ain’t it?

*P.S.——J0ke.

M‘Asscciated College Press.

“‘*We don’t know what it means
either!

Stale Registration Reaches
TolaI Of I316 Students

Registration at State has
mounted to a total of 1316 stu-
dents. of which 934 are women
and 282 are lnell. Out of this
total 278 are veterans.

Tile seniors have an enroll-
ment of 293. 215 of tlleln are
women, including one veteran.
Tile remainder of the class is
made up of 60 veterans and 18
regular students. Tlle war seems
to have affected tile juniors the
most. With a total of 290. only
3 less than tile Class of 1947.
there are 239 girls and one fe-
male veteran. 14 boys and 36
male veterans. By the time that
the sophomores came to State.
the situation was somewhat
cased. Only 234 sophomore wom-
an are here this year. includ-
ing tllrce veterans. Tile 29 men
with 49 veterans make up the
total number of 312. With tile
smallest class of all. the fresh—
men can claim 105 men. 38 of
them fresh from high school
and 66 vets. Noticcably small
is the enrollment of 185 women
and one veteran to brillg the
class total to 289. There are 132
grads comprised of 57 female
non—vets. 3 vets. and 14 non-
vets and 58 lllale veterans.

emit“

To the Editor:

I was moved to write this letter

parlance of class rivalry and the
accompanying traditions. I do not
dispute the importance of school WOW other 'I‘UCSdhl’.
tradition. but I challenge the theory
that ll. exceeds ill importance the
Ll'llO function of extra-curricular
activity. which is to supplement for-
llllll education. I am Ct thin that
veteran students will not rejoice ill
the thought that they must hung
pupcr lugs ill'OLlllCl their necks after
having worn lllctul ones for two or
more yours.

It is il])l)ill‘(‘lll. that the students

of this school have failed to realize v
that the veterans cullllot share their Tm
enthusiasm for existing clllllpus
pl'llllks. As ll mutter of fuel. the vet- H“.
cl'llus lluvc llltcl'csls lil common
which lllcy do not share with the noun} own“; will he added to the
l'l‘mhh‘del' 0f “10 “Whom “Gd-l“ Th“ Slulcsulcll culcildur at u inter (lute
llllswm'. lllcl'ci'ol'c. is Lllul provision '
“mil h“ ,“WIC 1.0" “ Cumin“ Ol'lh‘h' meeting and mingling ol' the men
izulloll oi vclcl'ulls so that they muy 01' SM”... Richard 5mm, -47 is m
cluoy lllullull association at their Chm.“ 01- refreshments 'und'emel._

“W” h‘VUI' Tm." ““ISL “We “h 01)“ tuilllllcllt will ulso be furnished by
porlullily to have their own vlclvs ‘

l‘cpl'csclltcd 01] student council by
one of their own number illstclul of
lli‘l'l‘ lliilii lii llli‘ llllbllc hhl'lll'h'S-u SLllilf‘llL Lwo or three yours young-
\\'lii<'li lli‘l‘ Olli'll lll llli‘ (“millilit- i‘l‘. ’I‘llc altitude of tile Sludcllt

I.)ullkcl"s lilllll‘lll lliillr i‘lll‘l‘i’blllll’ Council in trying to foster unwel-
clhl‘ lllWill'h' llllh‘ I‘hl' hllhkh' 511“ lll’llll-‘l colllc llllrl luvullilc pl'ucticcs on the cue. llus announced that fill Sopho-
hus likewise lii‘l‘ll sllclu-cd by llli‘ (Ll. siudculs will only l'csult ill a mores who wish to fly out for the
i‘xili’l‘lllll‘lll- Al" 011V”. "l7. Sl’llkl’ luck of plll'liciputloll throughout ‘
for lllf‘ sclcllcc llllljol‘b‘ wllcll llc suld [holy yum-5 “L SIM“

llllll his lubs kcpl llllil llwuy from
file llbl'ul‘y during llll‘ duy. lllld liill

 

       
    

FRIDAY. OCTOIER 4. 1046

Reeves To Direct Nineteen 
Slate U. Studies Teaching So.“
OF State College

In addition to the return of many
of our faculty members from Mili-
tary Service. and the addition of
new members, State College has lost
Owen D. Young. Was recently 8D- the services of nineteen members of
pointed by legislative action and the teaching staff,

Miss Ruby Blaine. a substitute in-
Reeves report will form the basis  0f Mum at Mime' has re-
Mr. Roland Burton, substitute In-
ations which will be made to the “New” 1" Engusr‘ has also re“
signed. At present, Mr. Burton is
teaching in Freedonia. Dr. Harry
Hastings has returned after a leave

Tile studies in relation to this 0‘ absence to resume ms posmon
question of a State University will as Pmressor Of English
include the need for all types of Languace Depﬁl'lmem
Mr. Francisco Jose Cardona, In-
lleed for technical college and grad- Stl‘UCiJOl‘ in Spanish has I‘eSlSned t0
uate training, and professional and SWdY f01' hi5 dOClvorate‘ Winfred 0
adult education, a rovlew and an- Decker. Professor of German has re-
praisal of existing facilities for all tired-Hell Deckel'rWhO taught many
types of training. a comparison of yeal‘S in Germany. as well as Eng-
the needs with the facilities avail- land. hopes to ﬁnd time to write a
able, the structure of an organiza- b00k 111301“ his experiences-
Pauline Foster, a substitute In-
thesc needs. and the cost of such StTUCtOY in Physlcal Education. Who
resigned, has accepted a position in

Prospects for a State University
appeared better Tuesday with the
appointment of Dr. Floyd W. Reeves
to direct studies on the question.

The commission. headed by Dr.

granted funds for the study. Dr.
form the basis for the recommend-

Legislature by the commission.
Varied Studies

higher education on all levels, the

tion which could best possibly ﬁll

an organization.

Chicago Professor
Dl‘. Reeves is well able to render

rector of the American Youth Com-
mission.

Dr. Rice Will Speak
At First IGC Seminar

The ﬁrst seminar of Inter-Group
Council will be held on Tuesday at
3:80 P.M. in Room 2. Richardson
with Dr. Harvey Rice. head of the
Social Studies Department as
speaker. After Dr. Rice's speech
there will be a discussion and all-

Distnnt Questionnaire given to a
few classes last year.

Inter-Group Coullcil was founded

for those preparing to be teachers

ﬁrst meeting the seminar will meet

Statesmen Will Conduct
Smoker Tonight At 8

Lounge.

Millc students of State organized
the Statesman ill 1944 to promote ll
l.ll'gf' roclui program for the year.
- Friday night Smoker will be the
firs. event 01 1946-'47 followed by
annual Cill'isllllns Dance and
illc IVIovlllg-up Duy Formal. Otllel‘

’l‘llc Sillokcl' will be on illformul

thc mclllbcrs.

Sophs Will Try Out for Ped

Jclul Elllllg. ’47, editor of Pcdllgo-

Pcdllgoguc stuff must contact her
bclol'c tllc llolidlly bcgliiilillg ch-

Mul'viu Sultuu llcsdlly. Oclobcl‘ i).

 

Puwlucklc. ’ll). l-cllocd ills l'cl'vclu.
llf)|)i' llllll it would l)(‘ (ilil'llNl UVill‘y
lliglll.

Alllulugll llll‘i‘i‘ has been u lul'gc
Illl'll-(illl for llli‘ cvclllllg hours. lllc
illlul decision us lo wllcillcl' the ox-
pl-l'llllclll will bccolllc ill' cgullll‘ pl'llc—
licc will no! bc lnudc lllllll Novclll-

 

her i.

CAMPUS
RESTAURANT

203 Central Ave.

 

CENTRAL
Barber Shop

2 l3ARBlllRS-w—NO WAITING
210 Central Avenue Albany. N. Y.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Returned Veterans
a comprehensive report for the com- “.2111; lewm 0f veterans has had
lllisslon. being professor of adminis- L 1 a 1  - _
trntionat the University of Chicago. lighlg'Mfsubiqtatgﬁi Iﬁgiaﬁoralsgiggﬁt
Ill addltlon, he served as chairman in the Library and Mrs 'Genevieve
0‘ the federal government’s AdVi' Moore assistallt in the. Milne Li-
sory Commissmll on Education. di- brary 'lmve resigned m order to be
rector of labor supply of tile ad- wim mm. husbands

visory committee of tile Commis- , . . . .
sion on National Defense. and di— 'égamma);tgﬁcﬁgiighgngulggf
visor of French at Milne have both
resigned to be married.
English Department

Miss Louise Jewett. substitute In-
structor ill Ellglish has resigned to
accept a position at the Albany Col-
lege of Pharmacy. Dr. Varley Lang
returned from Military Service and
has resumed his position in the Eng-
lish Department.

fessor of English, has been granted
a leave of absence for study and
writing. Dl‘. Jones is now in the

 l . Virgin Islands working on his book.
illVSlS of the Attltude and Social Miss Alice Kirkpatrick assistant Lb
has also been granted a
leave of absence.

This year the Freshmen missed
two years ago so that Students the overseeing eye of Dr. Elizabeth
might study and better understand M01‘l'lSrPl'0f95501‘0f Education. While
the relations among the different, taking the DSyChOlOglcal teSt- DP-
l'nccs and religions. This work was MOl'l'lS has taken a sabbatical leave
felt to be particularly important for Shhdy and tl'aVel-
Miss Mildred Neilsell,
as 11 result of having l‘eilCl the first as they play a large part in devel- and SUDEI‘VlSOI' 0f Mathematics at
paragraph of tile column “Wood oping the attitude of school chil- Milne resigned in order to accept
Cuts" ill last week’s paper. Tile Wi‘it- drell towards minority groups.
or. evidently unreconciled to the
presence of veterans on the campus.

I I ‘ Miss Elizabeth Shaver.
All'tllose interested lll inter-group Sty-pomp and supervisor of Social
seeks to impress them with the im- relations “1‘0 urged to attend the Studies at Millle has retired.
nlectlngs of the seminar. After the Social studies

Tile head of the Social Studies
Department, Dr. Watt Stewart, has

order to satisfy his wander-lust and
thirst for knowledge.

Mrs. Merle Tieszen. substitute Ill-
.‘Ll'llCLOl' l P .~
Hurold Webol'. '47. has announced Ram", an; 55122:.LhEglilliitlilozuSE

hat a. Stutcsmcn Slnokcr will be Smut . . . ~ .
llcld todlly from 8 to 11 PM. ill the posiglfedmbuucml m 80cm] Studies

 

Milli) FOOD

Ill :1 l“l'lell(lly,

“We

 

 

 

