 

Mp? . .
 *‘“1"all' Plowing," an . mu, V, of
castigan's pain ;  
tho Mint with!
«glaring depict the

chat-atom. :    no  ,
Seller!!- ‘Down The ltabbit Bole."

"‘ *" error-We“ ‘ 
g . . V “,‘_”‘.gp. .
~ «worm'  isomﬂlioo in, Wonderlond" by W'-
 .  . . .l. coma It dispva oiovor color

. . modern artistry. Am the collec-
The MW. 011* Big-8.  are  matinguammd

‘ It"? '1“ 5" Walnah,”‘ Mire Bishop’s "Sleeme

-  .Noym' Child,” ‘and’others representing each

‘  5*” "7°,"
4-wa- ri“ Fraternities Elect
m:Councii Leaders-

KB Reorg‘onizes; Alter
 Rules For Issuing Bids

 . At separate meetings last week
“ 1m 3.1. Intel-fraternity, Council and Kappa
gian southern. will speak on No- pets reorganized and appointed or-
ve'n'dler 13 in Page nail undo: .11.. floors. Richard Beach and Harold
pines of Dramatic and Arts Council. .Koblena Seniors, William Cornwall
‘ ﬁsh- m  h m i and Samuel Dickeison, Juniors, were
a 9   9’ “r9 :7 appointed President, Vice-President,
1 9m“- “gon °1 11°:  Secretary and Treasurer, respective-
mokgmﬁagmnﬁg ww‘gfmwl the i‘y of Interfratern‘lty Council.
. . . , , i 
(“tutu or some “abject chosen 0%‘ligtl‘llltiogorfstitutfgn was reinstat-
mm a” mum“ “we delmm ed with the exception of Article 4,

humm- . . ‘V which set rules for issuins bids. 1"

was the custom to issue the bids

On ,NOVembor 15 Music Council 15 just prior to Thanksgiving vacation.

presenting a concert, in Page Hail but the amendment was made to

by Vivien Harvey and Paul Matt- enable fraternity members to know

here. more inthgfteiy poﬁ?l%1dpiedgﬁleg
before sen ing on t i s. ,

 rﬁﬁdﬁﬁg’kﬁ year bids will be out by 12:35, De-

“, .130 ""1 01mm. mum“ mm camber 12 and they must be in by

“’1'”. 12:36 on December 18.

T D S KBtOtgicors ghoul;

' ' ' A e mee ng 0 Kappa Beta the

v o '- “cu” 9'9"“?! following officers were chosen: Bar-

in Freshmen Orientation old Kobienz. '47. President; Imus

i Rabineau, 'ii'i. Vice-President; Stan-

\ A  on the pros and cons le Abrams, '48, Secretary; Leonard

of sororities will be ,presented by , eedman, '..7, Treasurer; Harold

Intersorority Council during Prosh- Gould, '47, Executive Board Mem-

man Orientation. Monday, Novom- Iber; George Erbstein, '47. Parlia-

ber 4. The purpose oi this discus- mentorian, and Paul Wagner, '47.

sion  give the freshmen a fair Historian. An appraisal of out-

and or picture of both sides of standing property was presented to
the’issus. the fraternity and plans for alumni

‘  arm”. 47'Lpreudent of  were 

tie“.“°it't.‘i °&“"ia“"‘.;h“‘i°“"°°“o "

OI' _ y 31' am

.Dunker. Juniors, will be the speak-

V s'for the affirmative while Eliza-  n' 
in Ann Margot and Mary Telian, rue course JIWILII
niors. will take the negative side.

‘ me for emotions will be allotted ‘03 CENTRAL AVE.

at the end of the meeting.

Practical] u COATS sst
parasite. awvamo wan  .
V . Very Reasonable
- Frieda 3 Exchange Barber Shop
Plain and an: Trimmed Coatl 2 BARBERS—NO WAITING
So. Main Ave. Tel. 8-9482 210 Central Avenue Albany. N. Y.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

BOULEVARD ollrrrrlllll

our. lists

“MEET AND EAT AT THE BOUL"

 

iUI-Tm CINTIAI. AVKNUI ALIANY. N- Y.
' ,» 1.1 ‘ eel-t

. L .‘ir ,.'-,'.,

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ranges and is,a.  example of}

STAR Of

"DRESSED TO Kill"
o'noillor .
Univonol's Sherlock Holmes Salsa

W‘U"

OI" K

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

1444

Program Today
Features Movie'
To Launch Drive

The Campus Chest drive will open
officially in assembly this morn-
ing with an address by Dr. Edward
L. Cooper, assistant professor and
supervisor in commerce. A movie
about the services ‘of the Com-
munity Chest will be shown and
Myskanla will make several an-
nouncements.

Dr. Cooper will speak to Student
Association on the aims and princié
pics of this drive. The movie is be-
ing presented by the Albany Com-
munity Chest.

Student Council

At a Student Council meeting,
plans were made for the contest
between the rival classes for a
new fight song with original words
and music as was suggested last-
week. A board consisting of Dr.
Charles F. Stokes and one other
faculty member, a cheerleader, one
MAA representative, and one Sen-
ior will act as judges. The song
must be submitted to the board by
Monday, December 16, and the win-
ning song will be published in the
State College News Friday, Decem-
ber 20. Two points will be given to
the class winning this contest.
Rivalry Sing

The traditional rivalry sing will
be held in assembly December 5, the
victorious class Winning two and
one-half points.

The freshmen and Sophomores
must sing a fight song to their class,
a song to the rival class, and an al-
ma mater to their class with orig-
inal words and music. The alma
mater is the only song that will be
judged for points. Originality, mu-
sical quality, and execution will be
the basis for choosing the winning
song.

Gloria Gilbert, '48, chairman of
Student Union, announced plans for
a Student Union Day in the form
of a human slave auction to be held
in the Commons at noon November
21. Phillip Lashlnsky, '47, will act
as auctioneer. Tickets on sale at
the stamp booth for five cents will
be admission to the entertainment
in the Commons.

iGC Members
To Attend Meet

Lois Hutchinson, '47, President of
Inter-Group Council, and Mary
Cheatham, '49. will represent the
organization at the Annual State
Citizen's Conference at Skidmore
College in Saratoga, November 10
to 13. Dr. Theodore Standing, Pro-
fessor of Economics and Sociology,
and Dr. James Hicks, Professor of
Guidance, will also attend the con-
fcronce.

The theme of the conference “The
Community We Want," will deal
with the problems of the commu-
nity, including inter-group relations
as well as State aid in community
work, housing, government, and
town planning. The New York State
Citizen's Council is sponsoring the
conference.

The program will begin Sunday,
Novombor 10. at 8:00 RM. with a
round table discussion Oil “The
Community Wc Wont," followed by
it forum at 8:00 PM. Monday morn-
ing, ll discussion on “How do we or-
ganize to build the community we
wont?" will be hold. after which
tho quoniion of State aid will be
discussed. in tho cvoning there will
be u forllm on the United Nations
Etilwillifllllli, Scientific und Cultural
Organization. ’l‘uosduy will be do-
voicd to tho discussion of inter-
group relations ill the community.
planning good government, and
housing. At 8:00 PM. ll. forum will
be hold concerning “Higher Educti-
tlon." ('l‘llo collforenco topics will
be coordinated Wednesday morn-
ing) and ill the afternoon a closing
forum will present a symposium on
expending economy of plenty.

ALBANY. NEW YORK. FRIDAY. noveups‘a'e. leaf 1

 

‘I goiizgeﬁommi comments rUSChei Heads
' d N' - - -
" " °"°’ '9" Campus Chest

“Campus Review" is on the
guoblghgré? Mont‘iriﬁyl nighttfrom -
: : 0 pm. ere? S ation D F 1 
1Wt_"‘,1'1AR I?! inTroy. Who presents  
' ' "Don’t Pass the Buck, Give 0139’]!
IT“; yeﬁfl 9‘ new groggam Today marks the beginning of the
51:5? 53°12???“ “3 een annual Campus Chest Drive dur-
t“ emw ted “mp” ﬁ’m' ing which State Students will be
glen 3-- mm“ t mfg 0‘;- asked to do their utmost for char-
dz’y “‘3 d excep d1" 3 h°1' ity. Dr. Edward L. Cooper, assistant
3'5 an exam week- the 3”“ professor of commerce, will speak
“011 “11 “heard Withmasixw‘ on the aims and principles of the
ﬁve mue radius mt enc°mp”' Campus Chest, and a movie about
535 State! RM! Skimmer unloni the services of the Community Chest
Russell 8359' Bemgtmv Slen' will be shown in assembly this morn-
na, and Saint Rose. state College mg
has been invited to submit news “gem,” In Commons
of inter-collegiate interest. There At a free show in the Commons‘
will be comments on such activl- at noon today, Helen male]. ,48’ mm
“es 9's the Junior Prom, Inter' be Mistress of Ceremonies. Francis
fraternity new“: Open housesv Muilin, ’48, and the Sayles Hail Trio,
and MOVmE'Up DWI 9'5 We“ as composed of Anne Morgan, Joan
3“ 59°“ evenfs' Keyton, and Lois Bassett, freshmen
A,“ 135” We re advertmng- If will render a few songs. Music by
you re interested!!! your couegei the State Stars will climax the en-
tune in. It's Monday at 9:00. tertammem.
“campus Reﬂew” ‘5 on the an" The quota of the drive is one dol-
lar per student. Henry Druschel, '47,
h - gleiemivciirmiin °i' the allied“?
ose or , ’ , vce-pres en 0
SC ediﬁe 8003' student Association have charge of
F G d  b canvassing gi-oupdh%mes.uAnn Cul-
inan. ’47, ass ste y E on Roch-
or [a u ford, '48, has charge of contacting
commuters. Commuters who are not

' ' contacted personally will be able to
Elcctlon OF Ofﬁcers give their donations at a table in

Postponed Indefinite“ lower Draper. A red feather and a
ticket reading “I Gave to Campus
The newly organized graduate Chest" will be given to each con-
club held its second meeting. Tues- tributor to the drive. The feather
day, October 31 with G. Barbara will be used later for admittance to
Smith acting as temporary chair- another show in the Commons No-
man. “The Grads" was chosen as vember 22 at the close of the drive.
the name of the club. To Distribute Proceeds
Al; the meeting it was decided to ‘ Proceeds from the drive will be
delay the election of officers until distribUted among the World 38"-
the graduate students have an op- 108 Student Fund. the Red Cross
portunity to meet and know each Tuberculosis Foundation, American
other better. The members voted Society for the Prevention of Con-
to hold a social to help graduates cer. Community Chest. and Infan-
become better acquainted, and ‘ tile Paralysis Fund. The World
committee. consisting of Walter Lu- Service Student Fund. an organiza-
083, John F. O’Donnell, Theodore tion for student war relief, will
Nohow, Linda Del Bel, Gail Calkins alone receive one half of the dona-
and G. Barbara Smith, was appoint- tions.
ed to formulate plans for such a, The General Committee has chos-
social. The next meeting has been en the following committees: mime-
scheduled for Thursday noon, No- osraphins. Edith Tanenbaum and
vember 14. Marian FrosttlSeniors; distribution.
Amm ments have been made Marjorie de orraine,’47, c airman,
mr 8 3854mm”, to, Graduates Jean Barnum, '48, Pearl Pless, Mary
in the Commons. Friday, November Manama“ soph°m°resi entertam‘

15 from 8 RM. to mldmxgm There merit, Eileen Pierce, Eleanor Binn,
will be dancing, games and refresh Juniors, Elizabeth Ann Gibson, 49,

ments. An admission charge of 30 “mi R13?“ Ru?" "5%: {’“bugny' “635'
cents will be collected. Because “The 30’ e ’ smer' ea“ “ Ver' en“ a "
Grads” club has no treasury as yet, achov c and Elizabeth Ann Gibson,
The committee requested that mem- snphomo’es'
of the club bring the 80 cents to
the next meeting so that the money Choose Bogdansl‘i Winn"
may be used to puwhase refresns' Stella Bogdanski, ’49. has won the
ments‘ Directory Cover design contest. ac-
“ M155 5mg“ has announced that cording to Joan Dollai‘d, '47, Editor.
The Grads 15 mainly a 50013] or" The judges in the contest were Dr.
ganization, but that it stands ready Harry Hastings Professor of Eng-
at all times to aid graduate stu- “Sm Miss Marém.et Hayes, “ﬁrst-
dents and all graduate students’ um Professor of Educamn’ M188
intel'csm- Grace Martin, Instructor in Art, and
"“"’ Ruth Bentley, Joan Ballard, and

Reduce Big-8 Program Clyde C°°“- Semis-

To Four Main Events

 

D a 

Belgian 

' r

 

     
Subject rom Audiencejjj
Wednesday In Page. I 

‘ Susanne 'Silvercruy's. world-me

ous Belgian sculptress and lecturer.

will appear: November 13 at 8:80.15
ices

~. Main Page Baliunder the cusp

of the Dramatics and IArts Associa-

tion.
. V To ModelSub'joct front" Audience 

She will illustrate her lecture by

. ' a demonstration of her skill. Work-
, ing upon a wire armature and with

 

svsauua seralton'pvs

Vets Organize,
Elect Officers *

At the first general meeting of the
newly organized Veterans Service
Committee, a draft ' tuti‘gn‘was
approved, the name or v o , iza-
tion was selected, and temperary of-
ficers were elected. This group is
the first of its kind at State.

The main objectives of the or-
ganization, embodied in the pre-
amble of its constitution. are to pro-
vide a medium for the discussion
of problems and interests, and es-
tablish a means of working togeth-
er to help solve these problems. The
enrollment indicates that a major-
ity of the veterans are interested ill
uniting for these purposes. It has
also evidenced that veterans .have
a strong desire to work more close-
ly with the student body.

The following officers were elect-
ed to serve temporarily: executive
chairman, Marvin Sultan.’4'l; execu-
tive secretary, Floyd Decatur, '49;
chairman of publicity, Gifford Win-
gate, '49: chairman of entertain-
ment, Frederic Baron, '49; chair-
man of program, Charles Trim, '48;
chairman of membership. Frederick
Jacobs. '48; chairman of contacts,
Michael Portanova, '49; chairman of
legislation, James Taylor. '48; chair-
man of finance, John Fay, ’49. These
members of the executive board will
serve until the first meeting in Jan-
uary when permanent officers will
be elected.

All veterans on campus who have
not yet joined the new group are
invited to attend the next meeting.

Jane O'Brien, ‘48. Student Clinir-    

man of the Big-Eight programs,

II o 0 II
has announced that the Big—Eight k if 94
program as previously scheduled is  H i O I 6

no longer in effect, since it was fouild v . . . .., .
to be impossible to include all the ﬁlm‘s“‘33:?:gcﬁi“‘3§}§‘ﬁ§1§0§:,Swim
events pm'med m “to 0011030 0“ ‘ prevail on Saturday night, Novem-
ondllr. After a mcciiul,r with heads hm. m in page Hull Gym when
of various organizations and Dr. COImm'm,l..s Club prawns u ..Sock_
Ellen C. Stokes, Dean of Women, HOD” M “3 “mt DIEM} program
TUCSd‘W' “‘0 commmee decided mm“ The feature utiruction of the eve:
only four of the scheduled Big-Eight mug. will bu a 501,103 of variety acts
lll'Olgl‘illliS would bc retained on the during orchestra lutemmsion
Co logo Oulondur. ‘ V A I
The four pi'ogl'llms which will i'o- V T1“? “01“ mm" decomllom Wm
mum MB. Christmas mmmght. illlllihil tilc ideal buckglound for

Sponsored by mugth 0mm Dec_ round and squliro dancing to the
amber 13; sum, Fm“ February 15. music of Russ Matthews and his

freshman BWEigm'vah 1. Soph_ crcllostro. ’l‘ilo square-dance inns
mmm mwmght' March 29' T will have it chance to have their
oiilcr organizations for which Big- “hoeles’iieeu Steppm 0“ Wm“) “my
Eights were scheduled will not be 93"“ "9, th" mum“ 9f Cordon
obligated to put on the“. promumﬂ ( i‘imbei ) Woodcock fiom Union
If. however. they desire to hold 001W“

their event for the purpose of rais- After overyona's toes have been
ing Student Union funds, they may crushed beyond all possible repair,
do so. a chance will be furnished to rest

weary bones during intermission.
Pains will be forgotten wiiiic the
club makes use of its various sources
of talent to amuse ilild outcl'tnlll
those present. Master of ceremonies,
Austin Monroe, '40, will preside over
scvarul vuricty acts. ranging from
u. inngiciuil's performance io—woll
come and sec for yourself i Tho 0th—
or nets are a total surprise and
prollliscs are that they are truly
original.

Oh yes, there will be older. dough-
nuts and cookies with which all can
i'oklndic their ambition for dancing
until midnight; that is, if anyone
has any fact left to dance on. This
is the first dance of this kind to be
put on at State College and is also
the first Big-8 performance for
Oonunutor's Club. The cast has been
rehearsing for several weeks to make
sure the entertainment is tops.

l

moist plasticene,’ she will model the
satures of a' subject chosen from
th audience. Recently, she completp
ed the busts of the Dionne Quin-
tuplets and the late Dr. Allen Ray
Dafoe. Mme. Silvercruys is the first
and only sculptress to have the
Quinta as models. Also she has done
a series of sculptured portraits of

, American generals.

other personalities who have been
modelled by Mme. Silvercruys in-
clude Katherine Hepburn, Jack
Dempsey, Louis ‘Sobol, Philip Mero-
voie, James Truslow Adams. Sam
Harris, and Prime Ministers Henri
Jasper, and Paul van Zeeiand of
Belgium.

Escapes First .World War :

Born into the Begian nobility, her
father was once president of the Bel-
gian Supreme Court. Mme. Silver-
cruys came to this country during
World War I to escape the dangers
of war-torn Belgium.

Quite by accident she made her
debut as a speaker while still a stu-
dent. At the annual United States
Press Banquet, being sponsored by
Poor Richard's Club in Philadelphia.
the scheduled speaker, Secretary of
War Newton E. Baker, failed to ap-
pear and young Suzanne, who was in
the visitor's gaUery wearing a Bel-
gium costume, was asked to tell of
her country’s plight. Her appeal was
such that the Belgian embassy sent
her on a speaking tour. During the
two years she traveled throughout
the United States and Canada. she
raised a million dollars for her no"-
tive land.

Takes Up Sculpture

Her career as a sculptress was un-
dertaken when she came to make
her home in this country. She stud-
ied sculpture at the Yale School of
Fine Arts and completed the con-
ventional five-year course in three
years.

King Albert made her a Knight
of the Order of Leopold at the age
of zo—a decoration very seldom giv-
en to women and never before to
one so young. France has bestowed
upon her the order of Officier
d'Academie and the British govern-
ment has given her its Coronation
Modal.

Three Warnings Necessary
To DisquelliyKVeis in Rivalry

Mysknnin has announced that all
01 students in the freshman class
must be reported to Myskania three
times as falling to wear a ribbon
of the class color before being dis-
qualified from further participation
in rivalry events.

There are no exceptions to the
tradition of the use of the front
doors of Draper and Page by the
freslilllen. and unless Myskania
should announce such an exception
the freshmen cannot use these doors
at any time.

The Major-~Miuor Office plan is
now being revised. Any organization
which wishes to submit any of its
offices for consideration either for
change from one to another clutt-
fication or for addition or removal
from either is asked to notify Mya-
kania immediately.

 

