j  ' ": UBRARY’}
STATE center: FOR 

our: coLLloe News. FRIDAY. corona» re. me
: " Fiﬁ/WY, N. Y. ' 
r v A COR

Helen Hennig, Persil

 College 

Annual Crowning Of College Campus Day Queen
To Climax Traditional Ceremony Tomorrow in Page

SMOKING * -

1 . 7‘, Frosl'i To Select
PL  U Officers Today

 

man
“ed Mary Quinn. Mary Regan. Angie Riccl.

Mg

Registration In Normal Schools Frosh-Soph Classes To Compete
Below Par Due To Low Wages In Morning Athletic Events

lrma G. nosen, Myra Rosenberg. Ele- I-lnhcrmann,
i'aula 'l‘ichy Shirley Van
' Page 1 column I) , ,,
Audrey Fopp' "7' pregnant of atmmmed "om ' Rom" WM“. Alice wmmms' Oriettn giarion th‘aro, Bonnie Lewis, Olive
Frederik Ba- Marie Markham, Imogene Mayer, Ger-
on two of them will u“! young Albert Read, '47, chairman or the L vi 0' waiter “mam” Joule bud. Stanley Chwalek, Clara Ciprinni, Barimra I’urry, Ethel Rosenber . vette
sit-rt” V—T n "ow-nu. nil" Wl'l ing.
Mt POP r3117. free, but non-members will be charg-
‘ beginning Tuesday.
pus common’ the P331115,me Read has announced that there
from the surplus to purchase 3' new tain the permission of their parents
(‘1
Shortages! Although shortages of The Chairman of the American In-

IL I 1‘  I 3 .- . Hoffman 'Betty Hob.

' ' ' 'V ' A more Schneider. Shirley Schneider, lloitkll‘idzaugf‘l‘ltn Human. Mark, Hall

~  .      ‘runcea Sowa. Jean Sta rleoltgnbllggii‘e Kim; Illnumni: Helen Hhmmel' M";

    ‘ Dorothy Wilde, Dorothy Willejsio, Ma-
  . "(mice w‘tkm' Jack we‘nStemWiflny Robert Kaiser, Virginia Keller, Rob-
 “ .   d illinm Eleanor Winkler,
' Haithwaite Mar orie Harland Gladys W: s. ' ‘ i
 V o  commuter” Olub' h" announced Hawk, Eielinor l-foibig, R 'd Bow- Wolf, Elaine Woods. Hﬁgyuihcymi‘g’ctllga Jog: ,Mc'ggﬁgag
Thri' mo " lg Rita
., 9 1 lotions will be Part on Friday October 25 in the Wallace Keene, Delores Koen , t V I m B h 1 c
1 I ileﬁfgomsctﬁdm “non m y ’ ' \mmllild’ar‘i‘e” Signet? nBlanche Berka, aldine Morris, Vivian Morter, Marjorie
a
MO 91305-1331“ ' ,1 sponsored by commutﬁﬂ' lum, Sheila Maginess, Evelyn Mattison, ' D B Flo d s hwedocm Shmey Shnplm Nahum
‘Nﬂ aMm“1m.cunning)“. a  Club???” “am that the on DWI figf-‘ritfnlliarffi‘fiulMiegi‘igovllfirifdimlfifﬁ? llgctfivtvllitr?nﬂgggllillﬁ¥linn. Mnf'ymfgimninyg, Sherer, Joyce Simon, Marlaiine Stand-
‘ouowed by m ouncement ox system is working out very wm' Eeverl Moore, Anna Pascuzli,
admi y

' ' ed twenty cents admission. Tickets
1" '°‘° W W may be obtained at the table in
Dramatic! “d 0 mm}, has been a request from the Admin-
mwo‘mced' and camp“! 0° ' istration that students participating
v‘cmmand lope 8 “Stem for the to 0 so. This action will absolve
0° ons' the college from any responsibility

 

. . o Sullivaﬂo MMV‘" 8mm” Popermm [,mmm, Helen lvauyshyn. John Jen-
Club‘l’ariy ' Honor Students 1 
s' we!“ Doris west“ Donna Kioepfel, Elfrledn Lnemmernalﬂ,
that the club wm held a Hauowe'en “'1' Barbara Byman' Bette Jone“ Clans of line—Joan Anderson, Marilyn Agnes McIntyre, Norman Mudsen,
: 11:30 PM. Kopec- .
mm? “1‘5 mom commons ham 8 0° to Janet mnue' new“ Lengyel' Annalee {gellg'inn Bolienbach, Martin Bortniek. Munro, June Olson, Thelma Pan burn,
d be Snrn Ethul, .Toiin.‘lt‘ayr.“C¢)‘rinne Feig‘ln‘. lng. Harold StoryhAnne Sulich, Marvin
the ActivitiesDay schedule an a Club members will .. o.  . .  .
Mcm;m1uuom 1mm am. the lower corridor of Draper Hall
“on mu m “that “5127 be n in the car pool as riders should ob-
Because of great

increases in in case of accidents. Read urges all

costs the Pedagogue will commuters to co-operate in this
ﬁkmt‘fflh‘at 8800 be taken from the project.

surplus to cover the necessary addi-

The college medical board has re-

tional publication costs of the year- quested that all commuters watch

boo ."

the club bulletin board for a notice
from them.

Dre-maths and Arts 00113011 Win The first issue of the club news-
introduce a motion 00 the 6310“ paper, “Tommy’s Tattles", has been
“that 3200 be taken from the 5‘"- published. If any commuter has not
plus to supply necessary equipment received his copy, he may contact
for acts for the Advanced Dramatics Estelle siege}, '49, Ember,

plays."

The Campus Commission and DatzA
Council motions will be voted on -   hdeet

day since the Student Board of Fi-

nance has waived the requirement
of tabliug motions for one week be- Monday Noon

cause of the necessity of immediate
action. However, the Pedagogue res-

Compulsory class meetings will be
Ol‘mon wm be “mad “mu new held at noon on Monday to elect at-

tendants and ushers for the Cam-
pus Day crowning ceremonies. Nom-
inations will also be made for the

Friday.
Will Nominate Queen

Candidates for Campus Queen MAA Representative Council.

must be Seniors and are to be nom-

A new system of electing attend-
inated on the basis 01' b0“! beam? ants and ushers is being introduced
811d DODUIN‘WY- Nominations Wm be this year, whereby each class will
by ballot. and voting Will take Place nominate and elect its own repre-

next Friday. The identity of the sentatlves.

queen will not be revealed unt
Campus Night.

Nomi“

The candidates will be chosen en-
tirely for beauty but may not be

r m nominated for an attendant or
,Fgaﬁk,,¥s°$§°§§i agoﬁﬁzgmﬁ usher if they were selected for the
$119 gigging up far college organza- same position in other years.

tlons will begin in the Commons at

From the nominations for MAA

1 P M tomorrow At 2:30 the tra. Representative Council, four mem-

bers will be chosen from each of the

ditlona'l banner presentation w“: upper three classes. Voting for MAA
f Council will take place all daly 1:1;-
- day, October 25, at a table n e

ﬁxetwﬁegigéggsiﬁeﬁgfl ﬁﬁf‘ﬂd Commons balcony. Only men are

take place. The Seniors will han
their banner beside the banners 0

eligible to vote.

white.
Betty Brennan, ’47. Dorothy Skel-

Cheatham. Sophomores, the college
cheerleaders, will be in charge of the
pep rally.

At a Student Council meeting held
Wednesday night Eloise Worth, '48,
was appointed chairman of Campus

Day.

Finance Board States Price
Of Tex Tickets For Faculty

The Student Board of Finance has
announced that this year faculty
tax tickets for admission to college
functions will be $3.00.

However, this amount will not in-
clude a subscription to either the
News or the Pedagogue. The tickets
will provide for admittance to all
those performances which are cov-
ered by Student Tax.

Members of the Student Board
of Finance will contact all members
of the faculty for the sale of these
tickets in the near future.

CENTRAL
Barber Shop

2 BARBERS—NO WAITING
110 Guild Avenue Albany, N. Y.

 

 

 

During these meetings the Com-
ma '48, Jean Ineson and Mary mons and the Library will be closed.

THE
HAGUE
STUDIO

“Portraiture At Its Finest"

~~

HOLLYWOOD COMES
EAST TO TAKE
YOUR PORTRAIT

~~

OPEN 9:00 to 5:30 DAILY
Evenings by appointment

811 MADISON AVENUE
TELEPHONE 4-0017

STAN MUSIAL
OF THE

ST. LOUIS
ardinalt

TRIPLE KING IN THE REALM
OF BASEBALL

 

BOULEVARD

“MEET AND EAT

III-I0. “NTIAL AVINUI

 

CAFETERIA

DIAL 5190!

AT THE BOUL”

ALIANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

,"LRV‘

I :J'~ "—(
f.
a.

‘  2.4
I
z

w 5m...THEY SA‘ii

During Assembly

Elections for freshman class of-
ficers will .be held at the close of
Assembly today. Nominees for the
presidency of the class have dis-
closed their platforms in speeches
which were delivered Monday, Oc-
tober 2, at freshman orientation.

There are eight candidates com-
peting for the presidency of the
Class of '50. These are: Richard
Feathers, Robert Frcyor, Donald
Hoyt, John Lang, Charles Margo-
lin, Martha Murphy, Joan Romulus,
and Irwin Teitclbaum.

Feathers’ Platform

The essentials of teamwork are
talent, efficiency, accuracy, maximum
effort. willingness, oneness, rip-
roarin’ good times and the key to
success which teamwork is. As presi-
dent of our class I would work with
you and for you so that working to-
getherwe could find the key that
will open the door to success.
Freycr’s Platform

The Rivalry Cup, loads of. fun and
good marks should be the aim of the
Class of ‘50. Foremost in the attain--
ment of these goals, however, should
be democratic living and fair play.
The talent and spirit is here. We
have what it takes—don’t lot the
Sophs take what we have!

Hoyt’s Platform

1. Honesty, Sincerity and Devo-
tion to Duty.

2. To Guide rather than rule.

3. To Support the Class of '50 in
all its undertakings.

Lang’s Platform

My idea of a president is one who
can see all sides of a problem and
come to the best solution. The lead-
cr should try to encourage everyone
to participate in the activities not
the same ones over and over. If
elected that's what I’ll try to ac-
complile
Murgolin Platform

If the freshman class places their
confidence in me, as President, I
will work with and for the class. I
shall strive to uphold the college
traditions, to make a good name for
the Class of ’50, and to win rivalry.
Hero‘s wishing success to the Class
of ’50.

Murphy’s Platform

If I am clccicd president I will do
my besl. through the CO-O])Cl'l1LlOll
IC’ou/inucd on Page 0‘, Column I)

To Hold Commuters
Halloween Party Toda/

A lmllowc'cn puriy sponsored by
Connnuicr‘s Club will be held in
illt.‘ Commons today from 8:00 to

11:30 P. M. Audrey Bopp, '47, Pi'osi-l

dcni. of Connnutcr's Club, has an-
nounccd that [lie party is open to
the entire student body, but. that
liicrc will be u. twenty-five cont ud-
lnission charge for non-members.

’i‘hc onirriainmcni will foulurc
round and square duncing will)
llcnry Barber, ’48, calling the
squares. A Skit, “Blucbcin'd's Wifc,"
will be prcscntcd, will) Morton
’i"lluyvr. '49, starring as Blucbcnrd.
Cidcr and doughnuts will be scrved
following the skit.

Donald lloyl, '50, will act as mus—
ler of ceremonies, and ilu- following
conunilicl- cimirnlcn lmvc bccn up-
poinil-d: Annc Goln‘lcy, ’48, i'cfi'csh-
mcnis: Vaicliu Combs, '48, dccoi'u—
lion; Clnl'c Cl‘ccdon, ’43, l'ccrculiiln;
Audrey Scinnuy, "iii publicity. llclon
Culifnno, '40, ontortailnncni,; Jac-
qucline Sincad, ’47, lickcls; Olive
MucDowcll, ’47, reception. 'l‘llc chu-
pci'ons will be William Mcycr. Pro-
fessor of German, and Mrs. Meyer,
and Dr. Ralph C. Beaver, Professor
in mathematics, and Mrs. Bcuvor.

soap, sugar and hershey lbars exist,
there is one shortage that affects
not only the present but: the future
as well—namely the teacher short-
age. What factors and problems
have made the teaching profession
so undesirable that registration in
most teachers colleges remains below
par?

When last Saturday‘s storm of
nearly 3,000 broke over the Capitol,
the Teacher’s Union of the C.I.O.
voiced demands for immediate ac-
tion on increases in teachers’ sal-
aries. Rose Russell, legislative rep-
resentative of the union, was
among those who stated that they
wanted a $1.000 yearly raise for all
members of New York City’s teach-
ing staffs and a state-wide mini-
mum pay of $2,500 yearly.

Teachers have always been under-
paid. In 1945 more than 27,000
teachers received less than $600 a
year. Of all the teachers in the
country. 20% of them received less
than $1,200. Average salaries in
various states ranged from a scan-
dalous $650 in Mississippi to a hard-
ly adequate $2,700 in New York.

 

Men Reorganize

State Fraternities

SLS, EEP, KB List
Inter-fraternity Officers

Sigma Lamba Sigma, Edward Eld-
rcd Potter Club, and Kappa Beta
fraternities were reorganized this
week, following meetings to elect
officers and representatives to
inter-Fraternity Council.

SLS Elects Officers

At a meeting Monday night.
George Kunz, ’47, was elected Presi-
dent oi‘ Sigma Lamba Sigma, and
representative to Inter-Fraternity
Council. Joseph Roulier, '48. is
Vice-President and Social Director,
Robert Wilcox, '49, Secretary, and
Raymond Howard, ’48, Treasurer.
Charles Capel. '47. was chosen Ath-
ictic Director, Richard Zeller, ’49,
and Harold Asliworth, '47, Pledge-
Mustcrs. and Samuel Dickeison, ‘48,
um] John Lubcy. '49. representative
to Inter-Fraternity Council.

Members of Sigma Lamba Sigma
include John Caramia. Henry Ger-
lllOll’l, and Edgar Tompkins. gradu~
1ch students; Joseph Higgins. Paul
Barsclou, Harold Ashworth, Robert
White. George Kunz, Arthur Sodcr-
iind, Clnrcnce Carr. Charles Cape].
'tll'lnzlc Cnppon, Earle Snow, Sen-
iors; Luke Zilles, Joseph Roulier,
Al'lilill' Russel. Samuel Dickeison,
Chm-it's ’l‘rimm. Raymond Howard,
Waller LOWcl'l'c, and J. Michael
Hippick, Juniors; Richard chler, Al
Dchcrdt, John Lubcy. and Robert
Wilc:.‘x. Sophomores.

lili iteorgani'ws

Kappa Bola clcctcd Stanley Ab—
rams, '48. Louis Rubincau, and Har-
old Koblcnz, Seniors, as represent—
atives to Inter-Fraternity Council.
nl. a nicotine, Monday evening. No
oii'icers wcl'o elcctcd but committees
wol‘c formcd to take care of Alumni
Membership, locating property and
programs for the future. This was
their first meeting since Moving-up
Dov reunion, whcn forty members
were prcscnt.

Members of Kappa Bola include
Joseph Levin. graduate student,
Harold Koblcnz, Louis Rubineau,
Paul Wagner, Gcorgo Erbstcin.
[mallard Frcldman, and Harold
Gould, Seniors; and Stanley Ab-
rams, ‘40.
i'oitcr Club Iloiiis Election

Elections for Edward Eldrcd Potter
Club were held Monday night. at
(Continucd ou- Page 0', Column 3)

stitute of Physics recently stated:
"American youth cannot be properly
educated until teachers are paid
higher salaries than janitors and
milkmen.”

Other drastic measures have been
and must be taken to obtain better
pay for teachers. The strike by the
Norwalk teachers is only a sample of
what is to come if immediate im-
provements are not made. Governor

Dewey has taken one step towards s

Banner Battle To Rage
For Four Hour Hunt
From Draper To Page

The Coronation of the twenty-

‘ fifth Campus Queen tomorrow night

this Grid by organizing a special leg-- r

islative committeeon the state edu-

cation program to hold hearings 
November 15, preparatory to the 3
presentation of recommendations to 3

the Legislature.

The economic status of the teach-
er is not the only problem present.
A lack of essential freedom and rec-
ognition exists. For example, the
small town teacher has to lead an
abnormal and limited life. Smoking
by women is frowned upon while
their social associations are at the
constant scrutiny and interference
of the public. In order to hold her
position, the teacher must, in most
cases, remain single as well as make

» her political opinions and utterances

conform with the local supervisor’s
conception of “The American Way
of Life.” Even ideas on progressive
education are often classified as
radical. In short, teachers—male
and female—are supposed to be un-
derpaid, spinsterly and saints.

An additional fault is the false
emphasis on the academic degree as
a qualification for teachers. Results
—instructors become writers. schol-
ars, and research workers who incl-
dentally and reluctantly teach also.
In the insistence on the label “Mas-
ter of Arts," there is a tendency to
neglect to furnish the youth on our
schools with Masters of Teaching.

Is it any wonder that during the
last two years nearly 40,000 teachers
have left the profession for other
employment?

SA To Choose

Campus Queen
DuringAssembly

The annual Truth and Conse-
quences Show. this year under the
direction of Phillip Lashinsky, '47,
and Eloise Worth, ’48, will be pre-
sented in assembly this morning.
Voting will take place for Campus
Queen. for representatives to MAA
Council, and for freshman class of-
ficers. The Campus Day schedule
will be announced and discussion
and voting will take place on the
resolution and amendment concern-
ing the appropriation of $1,000 from
the surplus fund for the Pcdagoguc.

Sponsor for the Truth and Con-
sequences Show is the Snafu-Sudsy-
Sifted Soap Society and has as its
representatives, "Solomon" Sulluvun,
(Phillip Lashinskyl. and "Savage
Sadie," lEloisc Worth).

Candidates for the show will be
taken from the audience and as
many consequences will be given as
time allows. All soap commercials
will be sung by the Gruesome Four-
some. Phillip Lusliinsky, Frank
Woodwortli, J. Michael Hippick.
Seniors, and Miss Worth.

At a meeting last Wednesday
night Student Council approved the
Myskania Constitution as it was pro-
scntcd by Phillip Lasliinsky.

Plans for a Student Union Day
and for a Student-Faculty Tea were
discussed but as yet no definite
plans have been made.

Results of the freslnnan elections
will be announced next Friday in
assembly.

ELOISE WORTH, ’48

o.......;o.i;“
List Activities

SCA Will Sponsor
State College Sunday

state College Sunday will be ob-
served this Sunday according to
Mary Telian, '47. President of Stu-
dent Christian Association. New-
man Club has completed plans for
a Hallowe’en Party. and Hillel has
outlined a program for the coming
activities of Brandeis Club, the
Zionist section of Hillel.

SCA is sponsoring State College
Sunday at the First Reformed
Church. Clinton Square. The day
has been held yearly at the same
time for approximately 6 years. The
purpose of the program is to unite
all students in one church for a
special service with the Albany resi-
dents who regularly attend the
church. The service will begin at
ii A. M. with Reverend Clce of the
First Reformed Church delivering
the sermon. Dr. John M. Suyles,
President of the College, will read
the scripture and Miss Tclian will
speak on the aims of SCA.

Choir Members

The chair will be made up of the
following SCA members: Joan Al-
verson. '47, Florence Mace and Jus-
lino Maloncy. Juniors, Jean Delkirk
and Bcl'ilndiilc Snyder. Sophomores,
and Rosemary Willsey, Marjorie
Sonthwick, Lila Lcc, Leonard Weeks,
Hui WiliLc, Burton Asher and Ben
Jackson, frcslnncn.

Newman Club

The Newman Club Haliowc'cn
Party will be held at Newman Hull
"Thursday from 7:30 to 11 P. M. The
program for the evening includes
music. games and the traditional
Hailowc'cn ghost stories. Spociu
cnlcrnlilnm'nt will be presented by
Eloise Worth, '40, who will render a
colni'dy number. Hclcn Kicsel
and Mary Jane Giovannoni, Juniors,
will sing solos. There will be re-
ircsinncnis and dancing.

Margin-ct Lyle, '48. Chairman of
the ovcnt, has appointed the fol-
lowing committccs: decorations,
Catherine Domicily, '49, Chairman.
Paul O’l..cury. ’47, and Marion Fur-
long, Lcoilu Emmcrling, Joseph
Fruncollt’i, Sophomores; refresh-
ments. Margaret Seaman, Arlcnc
Golden, Aida do Braino, Sopho-
mores, and Joan Green, ’43; clean-
(Continued on Pam: 0, Column 1)

at 8:00 P. M. in Page Hall Audit-
orium will climax the traditional
ceremonies of Campus Day. 01'-
ganized rivalry will open with the

- 's men and women’s field events at

10:30 AM. outside Page Hall, fol-
lowed by the Banner Hunt from 1:00
to 5:00 PM. and the freshmen and
Sophomore skits at 8:30 PM. in the
Auditorium. Eloise Worth, ’48, is
general chairman of Campus Day
events.

Field events for men and women
are scheduled to begin at 10:30 PM.
as the second athletic contests be-
tween thc rival classes. Events for the
men include a seventy-five yard
dash, limited to three entries from
each class, a football throw for dis-
tance, and one for accuracy, 9. foot-
ball kick for distance, and a two
man relay race. Two points for ri-
valry will be awarded for the class
winning three out of ﬁve field events
for the men.

Schedule Field Events

Field events for the women will
consist of two women's relay races,
limited to three entries, a fifty yard
dash, an old clothes race, a tug of
war with ten from each class par-
ticipating, and a Rooster fight,
which is limited to ﬁve entries. Two
points will also be given for the class
winning three out of ﬁve of the
women’s ﬁeld events.

Edna Sweeney, ’47, is in charge
of women’s athletics, while William
Marsiand, '47, is general chairman
of the men’s events. Thomas Train-
er and Robertson Baker will direct
the activities of the freshmen and
Sophomore classes, respectively.

Ruth Madison and Ruth Fran-
bacb will direct freshmen women's
events. and Margaret Seamen, Soph-
more activities.

Start Banner Rivalry

The Banner Hunt will begin at
1:00 PM. and continue until 5:00.
The banners must be hidden twenty-
four hours before the hunt, on the
campus or in the buildings, with
the exception of the executive of-
fices. Each class is required to in-
form two members of Myskania
where it has been placed. Five points
will be awarded the class finding
the rival banner if it is kept until
the end of the year and placed in
the hands of the Presidnt of Stu-
dent Association before 8:00 A. M.
on the morning of Moving-Up Day.
Thomas Trainer is in charge of the
Banner Hunt for the freshmen,
while Robertson Baker will lead the
Class of '40.

Myskania to officiatc

The following members of Mys-
kanlu will be on duty during the
afternoon: Mary Tcssier and Betty
Rose Hill, from 1 to 2; Joan Alver-
son and Edna Sweeney, 2 to 3: Alice
Randall and Elizabeth Margot, 3 to
(Continued on Page 3,001umn 1)

Need Choir Pianist ln Milne

Roy York. Jr., Instructor of
Music in Milne High School, has
announced that State College stu-
dents may rehearse with the Milne
band and choir. Drummers and pic-
colo players are needed in the band.
and a pianist and male voices are
also needed for the choir.

All groups meet in Room 336,
Milne; the band rehearsing daily
from 8:30 to 9:15; the choir, 10:54
to 11:39 daily and on Tuesday and
Friday from 8:30 to 9:15. Students
must attend at least one rehearsal
each week in order to participate.

 

