 

i
l
.
i
l
y
t
v

 

 

 

 

 

 

wasted by announcements.

PAGE I

To Cut Or Not To Cut --

“To cut assembly or not to cut assembly—that
is the question.” The answer is all too obvious
to anyone who has seen the abundance of empty
seats every Friday morning in Page.

And a majority of those that do go take ad-
vantage of the (convenient lull in classes to eat
lunch, read the NEWS, catch up on homework, or
curl up with a good book. The rustle of lunch
bags, the pleasant crackling of a turning page,
and the occasional musical tones of a milk bottle
rolling down the balcony stairs provide an unob-
trusive background for this weekly Student Asso-
ciation siesta. Legislation is brought up and passed,
and speakers drone on indefinitely while we relax
and dream.

It's time we realized that a general lack of in-
terest in student government and a refusal to
shoulder the responsibility of self rule is not the
main reason for the lethargy of student associa-
tion. It seems closer to the truth to realize that
assemblies are usually dull, often confusing, and
poorly planned.

Fifty minutes a week is not much time to dis-
cuss and decide the affairs of a thousand students,
and yet at least. a fifth of this period is literally
What has happened
to the ruling that anything published in the News
should not be repeated during assembly? And why
is it necessary to reproduce half of a Big-8 pro-
gram when a brief skit would be more than enough?
And finally, why bother making an announcement
at all if it can’t be heard past the fifth row?

Another touchy issue is the question of outside
speakers. Granted it isn’t very inspiring to stand
on the stage and gaze into a sea of open news-
papers. But would it be too indelicate to explain
the situation to the speaker and request that the
address be short and to the point? A little more
judgment in the selection of speakers would also
help to clear the air. It’s a little too idealistic to
expct anyone to explain the Russian situation in
one assembly period, and it’s also too idealistic to
expect anyone to challenge the speaker with per-
tinent questions when it’s already noon and a 12:35
class looms ominously.

Which brings us to the matter of lunch. More
legislation has been passed by hunger pangs than
this school dreams of. Just the thought of the
long line in the annex and the clawing mob at the
Boul is enough to force a vote on any issue. Im-
portant as assembly and voting may be, we have
to go on living—and eating. Plenty of students
have gone hungry to 12:35’5 because of long and
pointless discussion on petty issues.

The answer to the whole burning issue is better
and more careful planning. Strict limitations on
announcements, thoughtful choice of speakers, and
intelligent supervision of business meetings would
give assembly a much needed shot in the arm.
We’re willing to participate in student govern-
ment—~if Student Council will meet us halfway.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May 1916
By the Class ol1918

 

 

Vol. XXX April 5. 1946 No. 22
lit-tuber Distributor
Associuied i‘olleglnte l'i‘ess i‘olIi-glute Digest
The undergraduate uewxpnper of the New York State
College for Teachers; published every I“l‘liiil,\' of the (.‘ol-
legc your by the NEWS lionrd for the Student Associa-
ilou. I'boncs: ilerbricli, 2-illilll:tl'.\'ell, .‘l,ii.'rilH; iv‘enr, ti-lllll;

l‘rnmer, 241370.

 

The News Board

JOAN D. BERBRICH - . n .-
ELIZABETH S. O'NEIL -
lSABEL FEAR

EDITOR-lN-cmu
cO-EDITOR-iN-CHIEF
. . BusiNaes MANAGER
JOSEPHINE MAGGIO . - CIRCULATION MANAGER
MARGERY CRAMER - ADVEnrieiNG MANAGER
MARV SULLIVAN . . . . . . sponrs EDITOR
KATHRYN HAGERTY - AsaOCIATE EDITOR
BERNARD M. SKOLSKY . . AasociATE EDITOR
MARY TESEIER - . . - AssociATE EDi'ron

 

mime?
Issue Editor — MARY TESSIER

 

All communications should be addressed to the editor and
must be signed. Names will in withheld upon re near.
The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsliiilty
for opinions expressed in its columns or communications
as such expressions do not necessarily reflect its view.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS.

f

FRIDAY. APRIL 5. 1946

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

u '
l'l ,wl’xol‘ did De t ni'cl Ci'j-
TFZZTIEADS make IT diTtiCUTlmFoceqw loo$lddsjlfu

 

C’aZAce Glade-«7M

By CULLINAN & IIILT

 

Came the Revolution

Women—those scintillating, enchanting, celestial beings

who captivate man’s terrain

by their mystical loveliness!

(Proof of this can be found by one swift glance at your col-
umnists). Before the war dere were’t no questions over who
was running dis heah show (hang-over from the Soph Big 8).
It was a man’s world even in the collegiate arena.

 

Gamma

To the Editor:

Along with spring has come a.
general “throwing out of the win-
dow” of State College Traditions
and as a result, the end of Assem-
bly on Friday has turned into a.
regular “I-bet-I-can - trample-that-
marshal-before-you-can" affair. Be-
lieve me, I don't mean to complain
—I have trunkfuls of arms and legs
home—but I know the rest of you
aren’t so fortunate — therefore,
wouldn‘t it be wiser to cling to the
old traditions and let the Seniors
out first? After a bit of hasty com-
putation and a few trial runs with
a stop watch. I have come to the
conclusion that we’d save from five
to ten minutes every Friday if the
classes marched out in order—just
think, five extra minutes to try your
luck in the Commons 01' battle with
Sam at the Boul!

Interested? Then let’s give it a
try this Fridayl

A beaten marshal, who’s rapidly
becoming,r a, blister sister!

To the Editor:

I would like to bring to the at-
tention of Student Association a
little matter of lack of courtesy
during student assemblies. Before
I continue I would like to define
what I mean by courtesy; in this
particular case, it involves the stu-
dents" strict attention to the busi-
ness at hand.

During recent business meetings
a certain amount of dlscourtcsy was
expected and understandable. How-
ever, when a guest speaker is
brought here by some student-sup-
ported organization, it is only cour-
tesy to the speaker and the or-
ganization to be attentive. It is
both distracting to the speaker and
embarrassing to the organization
when various members of Student
Association are noisily reading
their News, doing homework, drop-
ping occasional milk bottles, and,
as soon as attendance is taken, slip-
ping out the side doors, allowing
them to slam shut.

Our assemblies are student con-
trolled, a fact of which some of us
are rather proud, If, however, this
situation is not remedied I fear that
faculty control will be the ultimate
result. It's up to you.

Marie Liebl, ’46

Up to this time “the education
of women in this country had been
a by-product of the education of
men." Women seriously interested
in a college education studied in
private women’s colleges where they
were not subjected to the secondary
position held by women in co-edu-
cational institutions.

Form Sororities

Those hearty females who dared
transgress the coeducational carn-
pus found it difficult to project their
personalities into campus life. For
this reason they banded themselves
into sororal organizations to offset
the tightly knit monopolies created
by the already formed fraternities.
The impact of this Greek competi-
tion caused serious social conse-
quences, making yesterday’s college
girl the “popular, pretty, alert,, at-
tractive girl who decorates the foot-
ball stadiums, open cars, ballrooms,
and bars of America, causing Amer-
ican educational crltICs to uncens-
ingly lament the frivolities of col-
lege youth."

This condition was alleviated to
some extent during the depression
years when out from this economic
chaos emerged the embryo of the
mociern student. With this further
emphasis on economic advancement;
and social theory the woman stu-
dent began to take a more serious
stand in regard to her college work.
World War II, however, more firm-
ly intrenched the position of the
coed on campus, in that she began
to take over positions formerly held
by the proficient mules. Newspa-
pers were edited by women, stu-
dent governments fell under their
control. and, in general, the entire
college campus succumbed to the
more numerous feminine elements.
Brings Changes

At the same time they were taking
over these collegiate activities they
were rushing into war marriages,
thus colliding with the more adult
problems of post~college days. To-
day's college girl has emerged from
the war with a more critical view
of the world, its politics, its phil-
osophy. and her role in this philoso-
phy. iFor confirmation we again rc—
fer you to your most humble colum—
nists.)

(The above material is based on
an article by Harold Taylor, presi—
dent, Sarah Lawrence College, re-
cently fmbltshed in Pageant Maga-
cine.)

 

By MINDY WARSHAW
UNDERSTANDING . . . KEY TO WORLD PEACE
“We the people of the United Nations, determined
to save succeeding generations from the scourge of

war . . . and to reaffirm faith in fundamental human
rights, in the dignity and worth of the human per-
son . . . and for these ends to practice tolerance and

live together in peace with one another as good
neighbors, resolve . . . to establish . . . the United
Nations.” So begins the charter of the United Na-
tions Organization, humanity’s hope for a more suc-
cessful future. It will be no easy task for the UNO
to do what it has set out to do—and to keep from
falling into the pit that consumed the League of Na-
tions—unless every individual who reads the words
of the Charter digests them and realizes them to
be more than just words—rather something that the
individual wants very much to see put into action.
And the words will not be put into action until we
can throw off the fear and distrust of each other that
has permeated the air for months now.

Too often we tend to regard our own country as
the Angel of Peace hovering over other countries who
seethe. underneath, with thoughts of violence. Until
we can realize that people. Englishmen, Chinese, Rus-
sians and Americans alike, are all basically the same
in their desire for peace. we will not have that peace.

When the Russians refused to withdraw their troops
from Iran immediately, preferring to evacuate slowly
when the time seemed more opportune. the reac-
tionary element in our country immediately whoop-
ed up its battle cry. But they did not mention the fact
that Britain still maintained troops in certain small
countries, or that we ourselves have not yet removed
all troops from Iceland. They did not say anything
about Russia’s having a right to wonder why Britain
and the United States should receive oil from Iran
and she should not. They did not say anything about
them. These same reactionaries would like to hush
up facts that might make us consider the Russian
people with desires and incentives similar to our own.

For example, on March 23, George H. Earle, form-
er Governor of Pennsylvania and former Minister to
Bulgaria, returned to the USA and called the USSR
“the greatest danger that ever threatened America.’_’
He said we must realize “what a frightful menace
we have in RuSSia”; that Russia should be given an
ultimatum “to get back into her own territory” and,
“if they refused. I would use the atomic bomb on
them while we have it and before they get it. If
Russia had the atomic bomb there would be few
Americans left today.”

"Russia," Earle added, “has made a farce out of
the UNO."

“Earle”, Earle should have added, “has made a
farce out of the American’s right for freedom of
speech." When anyone violates the principles of free
speech so far as to make such bigoted, slanderous re-
marks such as Earle——who in this case may be used
as an example of the methods used by the reaction-
aries-he is making a farce out of this freedom of
speech.

Earle’s wild charges are echoed every hour in Con-
gress, in the isolationist press, and in war-mongering
individuals. And the sad part of it is, a lot of people
who don't know any better. fall for his line. But we
here at State are more intelligent. supposedly. We
know that until we can realize that other people
in other countries want peace just as much as we do,
these words of the UNO's Charter won‘t mean any-
thing. Wc know that the Russians, and the British
and the Chinese are people too, just like we are. And
we know that. whenever any temporary disagree-
ment appears, if we remember that the other per-
son, or country, thinks he is just as right as we think
we are, we can solve almost any problem—by just un—
derstandingnimd lhc desire to understand.

College Calendar. - ~ - _

FRIDAY. APRIL 5
3:30 P.M.—Traditionnl Rivalry Bowling for men
and women at the Plnydiuin.
Demonstration by Charles Zoubek,
shorthand expert, sponsored by Pi
Omega Pl.
SATURDAY, APRIL 0
8:00 P M.” TCiC Folk Festival. sixth Big-ti. Stugc
show in Pngc I-Iuli auditorium; booth
festival in gym.
8:15 P.M.-- inter-Varsity ClirLstiun Fellowship area.
meeting at the YWCA on Lodge St.
Speaker: Mr. George Cownu, mission-
ury.
SUNDAY, APRIL 7
24:30 P.M.—~Jolnt Religious Clubs ten.
APRIL 8~12~ Latin American Art exhibit in Draper.
MONDAY, APRIL 8
3:30 P. M.~Speclui orientation class for freshmen
women who entered in February.
Room 109 Draper.
WEDNESDAY. APRIL lo
3:30—5:30 P.M.-wHiliel model Seder in the Lounge.
8:30 P. M.~-A'I‘wo ouc-nct plays, a comedy directed by
Marjorie Cronin, '46, and a tragedy
directed by Edith Dell, '48, in the
Page Hall auditorium.
THURSDAY, APRIL 11
7:30 P.M.~-Debate with College of St. Rose.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. VFRIDAY. APRIL 5. 1946

 

FADE-93*? 

 

Social Studies,
Art Departments
Sponsor Exhibit

The Art Department, under the
direction of Miss Ruth E. Hutchins,
Assistant Professor of Fine Arts, and
the Latin American History Class
under Dr. Watt Stewart, head of the
Social Studies Department, are com-
bining their efforts to present a
Latin-American Art exhibit next
week in Draper. The display will
feature Peruvian art by Jose Sabo-
gal, Director of'the National School
of Fine Arts, Samilo Blas, and Julia
Codesido.

Loan Pictures

The pictures are the property of
the Pan-American Union which has
established a loan collection sent to
all parts of the world. The exhibit
will display photographs of South
American paintings. featuring those
from Peru. Three original paintings
by Jose Sabogal will also be in-
cluded in the collection.

Feature Subogal

The feature artist in the exhibit
will be Jose Sabognl, who is the
leading artist in Peru. All the mod-
ern painting in that country is cent-
ered about this one man. Sabogal.
a pupil of the former Director of
the National School of Fine Arts.
traveled and studied in Europe and
North America for almost five years
before the first World War. Al-
though specializing in the folk arts.
he has shown his abilities in paint-
ing columns and monuments He
has also backed an unsuccessful
Venture to obtain government back-
ing for painters.

Dr. Stewart has made arrange-
ments to obtain the pictures and
the Art Department will exhibit
them.

List IGC Committees
For Big-8 Production

(Continued from Page 1, Col. 5)

’49, is in charge of the North Am-
erica booth. China's booth is under
the direction of Doris Haithwaite,
’48, while Rose Berg, ’49, is planning
the Russian exhibit. The South
American booth will be managed by
Mary Bess Vernoy, ’46, and that of
Central Europe by Helen Kisiel, ’48.
Lorna Kunz, ’47, is in charge of
Northern Europe, and Barbara
Reiff, ’46, and Betty Brebeck, ’48.
are directing the booth for Southern
Europe.

Mary Harvey is in charge of sets;
Joyce Simon, ’49, tickets; Kathryn
Hagerty, '47, Publicity committee;
and Alice Knapp, '47, costumes.

 

Students Circulaie Petition
For Course in Philosophy

“Ah Philosophy! one day spent
according to thy precepts is
worth an immortality of sin."—
so believed one of the world's
great philosophers. But several
State students, concerned be-
cause there has been no oppor-
tunity in the curriculum to learn
about those precepts, haVe been
circulating a petition requesting
the administration to offer such
a course.

Judging from the long and
ever-increasing list of names
appended to the petition, this
concern is not confined to just
a few students. Some in signing
their names, gave reasons for
their desire to have a course in
philosophy. The most frequently
expressed opinion was that some
emphasis should be placed on
attitudes towards relations be-
tween human beings to balance
the predominant note of factual
knowledge in most classes.

It. was also pointed out that
State College is one of the few
liberal arts colleges which does
not include a course in phil-
osophy.

 

Fellowship Plons
Area Meeting

Sally Holmes, ’47, President of
Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship,
has announced that an area meet-
ing of that organization will be held
tomorrow night at 8:15 P. M. at the
Y.W.C.A. Building on Lodge street.
Nominations have been made by
Student Christian Association for
all officers to be voted upon in
spring elections.

Plan [like

Preceding the monthly meeting
of Inter—Varsity Christian Fellow-
ship Saturday, the State College
group will join in a hike and hot
dog roast with a chapter from Union
College and Rensselaer Polytechnic
Institute and Russell Sage College.
Music will be provided by the con-
tingent from Rensselaer Polytech-
nic Institute at the meeting follow-
ing the hike, and refreshments will
be served by the nurses at the Rus-
sell Sage School of Nursing.

SCA Nominees

Joan Alverson and Mary Telian,
Juniors, hae been nominated for the
presidency of Student Christian As-
sociation; Marge de Lorraine, Doro-
thy Caughran, and Olive Mang,
Juniors, for the vice-presidency:
Ruth Seelbach, Marian Mieras, and
Florence Mace, Sophomores for
treasurer; and Ruth Price. Cather-
ine Grant, Regina Bollenbach, and
Muriel OWens, freshmen, for secre-
tary. Voting will take place Thurs-
day and Friday, April 25 and 26.

Religious Clubs Comedy, Tragedy To invade State"

To Sponsor Tea With Cronin, Dell As Directors

At Pierce Hail

Hillel Schedules Seder
ln Lounge Wednesday

The Religious Clubs Tea will be
held Sunday from 2:00 to 4:30 P. M.
in the Ingle Room at Pierce Hall.
Nominations for the various offices
of Newman Club have also been
made for the coming year and will
be posted on the club bulle-
tin boards until the time of elec-
tion. Hillel will hold its model
Seder Wednesday from 3:30 to 5:00
P. M. in the Lounge.

Plan Ceremony

A Seder is the traditional cere-
mony of observance of one of the
most important Jewish holidays of
the year. In addition to symbolical
food that will be served, its use,
custom, and significance will be ex—
plained. Typical Passover songs
will be rendered by a choral group
and the usual hunt for the Matzo
will take place with a prize awarded
for its return. The traditional
"four questions” will be asked and
answered by the participating stu-
dents.

Solomon Minsberg and Louis
Rabineau, Juniors, co-chairmen of
the affair, will be assisted by the
following committees: Food, Char-
lotte Goldstein, ’48, Chairman, Leo-
nard Freedman, Ilse Gluckstadt,
’49, and Ruth Soul, ’47; Books, Mar-
vin Sultan. Chairman, Marvin
Wayne; Decorations, Rita Roberts,
’48, Chairman, and Delores Shin-
dleman, ’48; Invitations, Joy Simon,
'49; Programs, Rita Shapiro, '48;
Singing, Harriet Friedman and
Muriel Rubin, Juniors, and Jean
Hoffman, '49; Publicity, Betty Rose
Diamond and Molly Kramer, Jun-
iors, co-chairmen, Eleanor Binn
and Marilyn Warshaw, Juniors, and
Rose Rosen, '49; Clean-Up, Harold
Gould, ’47, and Gloria Maistelman
and Rose Rosen, freshmen.

Newman Club

Betty Joan McGrath, ’46, Presi—
dent of Newman Club, has an-
nounced the cessation of Newman
Holy Hours for the remainder of
the year. These have regularly
been held on Sunday afternoons in
the Small Grotto. Nominations for
president of Newman Club include
Ann Cullinan and Florence Wil-
son, Juniors; for vice-president,
Katherine Tronsor and Eloise
Worth, Sophomores; for secretary.
Katherine Donnelly and Molly
Whelley, freshmen; and for treas-
urer, Jarmila Janecek, ’48, and Ag-
nes McIntyre, ’49.

Miss McGrath is also chairman of
the Religious Clubs Tea, which will
be held to further cooperation
among the various religious organ-
izations at State.

 

Students Express Opinions OT NEWS

A number of students, selected
as nearly as possible to represent
a cross-section of student opinion,
were asked three questions recently
by an inquiring reporter: \Vhat do
you like most about the STATE Col.-
i.icnu News? What do you like least
about it'.’ How do you think it
could be improved '.’

Although opinions varied widely,
the consensus seemed to indicate
that Mindy‘s column, Dis-o rind
Dtl/(l, is the most widely rend and
and most interesting to the grunt—
cst number of students. Generally,
students deemed the Nuws impur-
tiul and said udequute eoveruge was
usually given to both sides of u
controversial issue, Satisfaction
was expressed concerning the
amount of publicity given to aetivi~
ties, but there was criticism of the
way news stories are written up,
anyng they are. too firetqu and
seldom interesting enough to plough
through from beginning to end.
Sportii puge received the greatest
amount of diverse opinion, as some
considered it the best part of the
paper while others entertained an
entirely opposite viewpoint.

Mary Bess Vot'noy, “iii, giving her
opinion of the ans, came out
strongly in favor of its editorials,
saying they “give us kids a well
needed shot in the arm when we
need it most." Her version of

Mindy's column was that it was
something “different, unusual, and
individual; it kept us in touch with
the follows in the. service and oc-
casionally has some timely and well
expressed ideas on topics of citr-
rent nationul interest. College
Close-Ups also met with her ap-
provul as she thought it well writ-
ten and important in keeping State
College informed of activities in
other colleges.

Mary Seymour, ’40, would like a
little more humor, especially on
fourth page, which she says follows
pretty much the same pattern every
week. Her suggestion also wus to
have more active members of WAA
writng on the Sports stuff. The
editorials Hhc deemed opportune
and pithy.

"Mindy’s column and the boxes
we best”, according to Arlene Ln-
vcudei'. "18. She added. “1 think
some iiiipr'rsonul humor would
make the Nuws more interesting
rendiug and i also would like to
see rivalry played up it little more.
On the whole, however, i think the
News is excellent and with a few
improvements could be practically
perfect."

Marjorie O'Grudy. '47, thought
the News one of the major unify-
ing influences at State, influential
in presenting current issues and

adequately expressing the voice of ,

the people.

“Although the News is something
we look forward to every Friday
morning and influences the whole
student body," Phil Lushinsky, ’47,
has several definite criticisms,
“First,” he stated, "editorials are
written and then the policies ud-
voouted are not followed up so that
a definite reform can be enacted.
News stories are too factual. More
feature or human interest stories
should be added, which, though they
may not represent the highest plane
of intellectuul journalism, would
prove interesting to more members
of Student Association as a whole."
To a query about editorials. the
reply was, "I think they're too par-
tiul but not many kids rend them
anyway."

The prize statement of the whole
survey came from one individual
who considers it wisest to remain
anonymous, Said she, "I like best
the. new phrase ‘i leurned ‘Con-
trury to the . . . ','"

H. F. Honikel 8: Son

Pharmacists
ESTABLISHED [805 FHONE 4~203l
157 CENTRAL AVE.
ALBANY. N. v.

 

Tis a tale told by a soldier—full
of paws and wishes! An old soldier,
Fred Baron, relates the and life of
an ill-omened monkey's paw in one
of the two one-act plays sponsored
by College Playhouse next Wednes-
day night in Page at 8:30.

With Dell and Cronin in the di-
rectors’ seats, a tragedy and a com-
edy will be enacted before a State
audience—Dell doing the tragedy,
while Cronin directs the comedy.

Dell presents her offering first—~
a weird story of a monkey’s pow
which has been cursed by fate. An
evil spell cast upon the paw imparts
the power of granting three wishes
each to the first three groups own-
ing it.

When Mr. and Mrs. White, played
by Arthur Soderlind and Barbara
Dunker. the present owners, obtain
the charm, two groups have already
been granted their quota of wishes.
It is their lot to command the paw’s
last three wishes.

But the paw turns with vicious
fury on its possessors and although
the wishes are dutifully granted.
tragedy results in every case. Even
the White’s son, Herbert, Robert
Lynch, suffers at the hand of the
paw. Tragedy still stalks the stage
as the paw bestows its final wish
and the curtain falls on the first
performance of the evening.

Intermission brings entertainment
and with it Forrest Hill, ’49, and
his rendition of Schuman’s, “Scenes
of My Childhood," and then Cron-
in's comedy takes the stage.

Harold Gould, ’47, as a young
farmer, desperately tries to gather
enough courage to propose to his
neighbor's daughter, Gloria Jaffer.
The whole plot hinges about the
question, “Will he say, ‘will you?’
or won’t he?"

The young farmer follows the
daughter of his neighbor, Palevsky,
around the stage all during the
play unsuccessfully searching for
just the right words to pop the
question. Somehow his attempts
are thwarted, always resulting in
bitter arguments about vital affairs.

At one point after the usual pe-
riod of hemming and hawing inter-
mingled with a dash of self-con-
scious blushes. he begins to feud
strenuously with the light of his
life over who owned a certain piece
of land at a date so far in the past

French Club To Show
Five Movies in Page

Laura Heermance, ’46, President
of French Club, has announced that
five French movies will be shown
Friday, April 26, in Page Hall. Pl
Omega Pi will present Charles Zou-
bek, State Certified Shorthand Re-
porter, at 3:30 this afternoon in
Room 206 Draper and Commuters
Club will hold a general meeting
Thursday noon.

The French films will be run twice
April 26, once at 4:00 P. M. and
again at 8:00 P. M. Admission is $.20
and all French students who attend
will be excused from their weekend
assignments.

Mr. Zoubek, nationally known
shorthand expert. will present a
demonstration and observe some of
the commerce classes. Eileen Moody.
’46, President of Pi Omega. Pl, has
stated that the demonstration is
open to all interested students.

Shirley Rice, ’46, President of
Commuters Club, has announced
that the club pins have arrived and
any student desiring to have one.
may contact Janet Wallis, ’47. At
the next meeting, plans for a. picnic
will be made and committees for a
banquet to be held in May will be
appointed. Norma Punchak, ’47, is
general chairman of the banquet.

 

 

MADISON SWEET SHOP
785 Madison Ave
Tasty and Delicious
Sandwiches

and Lunches

Dial 2-9738

 

 

 

that no one would care if they did
know.

Having unsuccessfully passed this
major crisis, he vainly renews his
efforts to brooch the rather delicate
subject of matrimony. Dramatical-
ly clearing his throat, he wearily
returns to the topic of holy wad-
lock and at the close of converse-
tion, she is violently declaring that
her dog is a much finer specimen of
canine breeding than his.

And with the two love birds still
discussing these important issues of
the day, the curtain falls—the fann-
er still trying to muster enough
courage to propose.

And as the cast relaxes, their
work done, the committees swing
into action. Dottie Diffin rolls up
her sleeves to rustle around with
sets, while Fran Child blinks. lights
off and on and Rosemary Ryan
clashes frantically about searching
for the lost articles which she has
signed her life away to obtain. Cos-
tumes are ripped off with relief
while Al Knapp, chairman of Cos-
tumes. wrings her hands in anxious
appeal and Muriel Gardiner dis-
mally shakes her head as she
watches the make-up she so indus-
trially applied earlier in the even-
ing come smearing off under a
thick application of cold cream.

And as the theater lights darken
and stage fans file out, another
dramatic night is over.

 

State, St. Rose
Schedule Debate

Marianne Davis, ’46, President of
Debate Council, has announced that
a debate with the College of St.
Rose will be held Thursday at 7:30
P. M. in the Lounge. Syracuse and
Colgate will be guests of the Coun-
cil at a Spring Debate Meet on
April 27.

The topic of debate with St. Rose
will be, “Resolved: That labor strikes
should be abolished." Patricia
Sheehan and Louis Rabineau, Jun-
iors, will defend the negative. All
students have been invited to at-
tend.

There will be a general reception
for the delegates from Syracuse and
Colgate in the Lounge on April 27
at 11 A. M. At 2 P. M. the teams
will meet separately for the debates.
Colgate will uphold the affirmative
of the topic, “Resolved: That frat-
ernities and sororities should be
abolished” and State will take the
negative against Syracuse on the
topic, “Resolved: That unrestricted
Jewish immigration into Palestine
be allowed."

Following these debates the judges
will lead a short period of criticism
and discussion. The delegates will
answer questions concerning "The
place of debate as a college activity,"
and will outline their programs for
the purpose of making comparisons.
This discussion will close the pro~
gram at 5 P. M.

 

GOOD F000

in a Friendly,
Comfortable

Atmosphere

Draws

WESTERN AT
QUAIL

 

 

 

 

