 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

“sill: easel-W‘NIW‘QHRIDAYMM we

 

PM

By Pat Sheehan

In spring a young man’s fancy
turns to love, a State student’s to
M-U-D, a sport enthusiast’s to mud.
With dogged determination captains
of the spring sports can manage to
get enough supporters to warrant a
tournament but then their cry is
“the rains came.”

There is no reason for softball to
suffer though since it is considered
in the best of style to slide “home.”
Recent scientific investigation has
disclosed that mud of the right con-
sistiency is an invaluable aid to in—
ert a.

Times Have Changed

It has been suggested that the
mud would motivate certain poten-
tial softball sluggers of the male sex
in the opposite direction because of
memories of “hut, two, three, four”
as they came to bat. The charge
seemed to be unfounded though as
Coach Hathway and some thirty
men turned out for practice. The
old State College is more like it used
to be. . .

There once was a tennis cup for
which our court athletes fought
hard and well. If the late April
snowstorm is really a substitute for
the mid-May blizzard we were ex-
pecting perhaps the courts will be
dry enough to play a match or two
before exam week. It’s always warm
enough then.

An Old Story

Rain, snow or sleet it's warm
enough inside the college buildings
these days. Confusion, concern,
satisfaction, anxiety, names and av-
erages are rumbling around in a
watched pot that can’t boil soon
enough. But a week from today
and it will all be over.

Exhausted from the feverish cre-
ative activities of the past few!
weeks we will sit back and survey
our handiwork—the suns and stars
that we have fashioned to shine in
our brave new world next year. And
when those suns grow dim and pre-
pare to escape to other worlds we’ll
once again concern ourselves and
weigh the merits of their satellites.
Some of them will be judged worthy
to go on to higher spheres. . . . the
others can be falling stars. The
latter are a common astronomical
phenomena.

 

 

Conforming to Tradition

Now that we have played the cyn-
ical philosopher in order not to dis-
appoint the old-timers who have
trustingly turned to the sports col-
umn in search of the usual Moving—
Up Day tirade, let's return to the
world of sports.

11‘ the females' hearts go pit-a-pat
to see daily softball games then
there must have been a vague stir-
ring in the breasts of the males who
saw the Queen of Sports crowned
at the Junior Prom last week. It
only goes to prove what the physi-
cal education teachers have been
saying for years. . . “keep the mus-
cles in tune and beauty will take
care of itself."

One More l'lea

A good bit of the rivalry spirit has
been evaporating this year but the
live poillts for cheering are still in
the offing. The class teams who
w.ll meet in the softball tilt this
afternoon are worthy of support.
Let’s see a few supporters with
hearty voices.

Another event of sports interest
deserving of it big turn-out is the
Camp Johnston birthday party
which is scheduled for this Sunday.
WAA will hold “open house” and
they promise plenty of food and
fun. Everyone is invited. Your
hosts have made things as simple
as possible. There is no need to
stay away because you don't know
what to bring. "A few gift sug-
gestions” have been posted on the
WAA bulletin board. The following
articles will be greatly appreciated:

1. Scrubbing brushes for the fresh-
men.

2. Brooms for the Sophs.

3. Faring knives for the Juniors.

4. Hammers for the houscbreak-
ms.

5. Candles for the evenings.

In addition pot holders, oilcloth,
silverware, and personal incitientais
are acceptable.

Rivalry Softball 'Rivals Review Athletic Record

Scheduled Today As Sports Progran Nears End
on P a e eld By Rita Shapiro, as —-— By Mickey Seaman, 'io -—-—
s This is the year of victory for the Athletically speaking . . . and we
. Class of ’48. Only the softball game do mean athletically. the Frosh
OPPOSIDS Milne"! and the Moving-Up Day races have Class has plenty to boast. Who else
C  t  victol to be decided for rivalry. but those energetic Red De
0" I en Y The Sophs were undaunted when grid pligngeodinto tlflgmgpllflge of
. the fresh took the most points on ngs an pr uce a 9. am
aanmfiogfltefvriﬁoglagluglghissgﬁgs Campus Day, and made a strong of the quality which ’49 produced.
meet on the ﬁeld m from of Page come-back in the other athletic Campus Day Winners
H n f m l ,1 l m) n events. Hockey, with Pascuzzi, Dif- And who, but those self-same
9‘ or g “mm” :nvabry 30ml: fin and Diehl, in prominent spots, Frosh gave the Sophomores such a
game' Ea“ .team w e g g proved a pushover as the Sophs add- scare by capturing the Field events
5° 1’0“: trelihrlgagﬁlscsreSitting ed two points to their score. on Campus Day. so much that some
w’lj‘hgcl'illlilry SZOI‘B as itenow stands Bﬂﬂetba" Triumph 91: mm Illme Stlilll heldmg Eli'th
is 14% for the Sophomores and 9 Then basketball took the limelight. “gums-who dttﬁsee ggpgyhocge
for the freshmen. The softball game With Tilden) Quinn' and Cooper in Emil“ (su erjor on} becagse of ex}:
will be the last of the rivalry ath- 2‘9 f°rlgardTﬁp°tﬁ “fd 3181“ WC; perience)pto a 2-0yscore, :49 pro-
letic events for this year except for pg?“ 5‘28 gail:e’:i5°;ﬁre: pauses 3%; duced several baskemers sought, an-
the Movlng-UD;Day field contests- were hard pushed in the second or by dorm and sorority teams alike.
The class of 48 won softball last clash but teamwork and ersever_ Bowling Victor:
year. Tilden, Diehl and Boynton ance ’won out for the Sophs? The Frosh women literally bowled

demonstrated their hitting power in The winter 8 over the Sophomore team in the
ports, ping-pong, .

f?" excnmg gfm‘e the“ and these swimming and bowling counted six nvalry bowung mamh' winning

heavy hitters are expected to come and onemalf points. both of the games l‘Olled With a

through this afternoon. convincing lead of over 130 pins,
Squad Lineups Each class succeeded in winning the Sophs were no m Etch for the

one bowling match and received
pe Day will 8 am take the . . skillful Fresh. And who did it take
g y 3 lines points. With Mullen, Wagner, to defeat Tilden, the pride and joy

mound to pitch her fast and well- Bolles, Baldwin, and Pfaff rollin
controlled ball with Adrian Iorio for the Sophs there was lime ’43 0f the sophs in the smmmmg
behind the plate. The rest of the could do, meet? Why' sf Freshman Of course’
Sophomore lineup is as follows: Pint-Pong Champions ssorab n Dt
Boynton. Isl: base: Tilden, 2nd base; The men and women of '48 then 0N a b fa a n t t
Rand, 3rd base; Shapiro, shortstop; combined their talents to give the _Lh:wsoﬁtgﬁlusmgewongregg evﬁnlg
Diehl, shortfield; Maginness, left frosh a thorough beating in ping- EV ms MOVE] U 8D :1 5
field; Ardito, center field; Quinn, pong. Wagner, Mullen, Fischer, ‘6 on g” P aY- 11" n3
‘, ‘ . ‘ , proven their ability on Campus Day.
“gm field- F‘She" welbs' and sowa' beat 49 in the Frosh are certain of victory
Man" Of the “951mm” have come every one Of the mamhes' Two thereby capturing the rivalry points
out for Practice and Marjorie 0’- more. Pom.“ were addEdv t0 the ever in the Field events again Although
Grady '47. Who has been Servmg as gm‘vmg rivalry score‘ the Sophs may have the advantage
coach. is well pleased with the pro— The Swmmmg meet Which was of experience the Frosh have the
gress‘  have made_ The Soph0_ held Tuesday, gavei'48 another two necessary pep, and energy to bring
mores have a year’s experience be- 130mm“ .K’agh' Tllden' and t .e them out on top in softball. Prac-
hmd them but the frosh are geared other tsw1mmers of 48, showed their mes have already shown a vast
for battle and intend to make a power?” SHORES and defeated the store of potential material. There
good showing. “'05”. 1“ f0?” 0‘“ 0f “V9 m‘vfets- is little doubt but what the Frosh
Their lineup is not permanent as , Tms aftemoon. on Page F 181d the will star another Bob Feller or Ed
yet but Soulich of basketball fame sortban game “"11 be played' Two Head on the mound this afternoon
will toss for the Red Devils and l’of’LtSDwin b? ayarde‘j th‘? ViCtol's‘ The Fresh also number several
Lytle and Midgeley are expected to git 33,5113“? ngt anbd gleam Tll' strong hitters in their midst.
playing first and second base re- “Sn 5h  I}? o ach dermup' Have you ever seen *1 “SODh
spectively. Possibilities for the other ‘8 ° w ave a M m Bawl?" If you haven’t. come to the

. ‘ , gaining the points.
posmons ale capmle' Evans! Fltz' Of course, ’48 still has both ban- nglrihgaimzigig fejgﬁgts‘g; mfggt'

morris, Whelley, Seaman and Mo- “ml-Si Kee chem-in for our L ams

berg. From all accounts Sittig, Jos- '4}; -' p  g‘ y e ain't ‘ ' '
lin and Pless will sparkplug the as “aw yours'
frosh with their batting ability.

 ﬂirt: predictions of    

the rival managers the game should °
prove to be one of the best ever C T P ' S S
played at State.     

The Sophs are confident of vic- . The spring sports program has of-
tory as typlfled by manager Pat In SWIm  ficially begun and the number of
’I‘llden who states, “since ’48 was enthusiasts out for sports this sea-
the star of State in softball last son is very encouraging. The time
year we expect to do even better this 03011 SW“ ls to be Played. the 91868.
yiteﬁr. Having met defeat in most and the captains 0f well Of the
0 er sports the fresh are sure to - ., . - . - Sports have been announced-
go down in defeat again today. its “VTei.;“€§:."l..22"w‘.iZi‘li assai- Badmmton and volley ball have
an endless dream. every sopho' Three from each team participated. both been Soheduled for TueSday and
more’s to pile up another Victory .  Reilnann, Peckman, and Ethai swam giggmday after?°°“5 from 3‘30 t°

But the vehement disagreement of for the frosh while Tilden, Kragh, “‘11; Co'capta “5 9f these sports
the frosh was in evidence when and Seclbach won for the Sophs. J 5' £31.13"; nfunel owens and
Mickey Seaman, ’49's manager said, The backstrone relay was second 6:13 h a" 15' resllmen‘kl
“The Sophs have experience but on the program. It requires two for ba 1:0 i2; s 9‘an1 ma “gt: coma:
the frosh have the necessary drive each team. One swims the first Prgctiae 1r gevgmh {squgsth “1’; '
to bring them out on top. It's the liiilg'th of the pool, and the other Fléld'cev; Mind: aw de 53"“
spirit; that, counts and ’49’s got, it, returns. Reimann and Ethal swam qnd Friday that ity’doesiléleraﬁg'
we'p shenac ’emll" for the frosh, and Tilden and Kragh Eleanor Mini“ is captain of this;

—‘—-‘—ﬁ “’0” for ,Lhe Sol’hs' sport for the spring season.

The third race was the old clothers Tennis which has always been a

. race. Each contestant was clothed very p015“er Sport on the state

T ree-   ill a bathing suit, sneakers. shorts, campus again promises to claim

and sweat shirt. They dove into the more man its Share of enthusiasts

I B  S ’ “9"” end or me p00" swam the Weather permitting. supervised

n OW   3:931“qu  “001'! :emoveg E316” practice will be every Tuesday and

u  Eu" {L‘s'lra‘n‘ "gamki 51‘“ d Thursday at 3:30. Washington Park

,3? t ‘5 “1 “,5. p “3‘ aw m an has been secured for these practices,

mash pultlcipatcd and Kragh won, and if enough people come out ah

winning the meet for the Sophs. rangemems Wm be made to inc'lude

in tic newspaper race each con- Marys Park A mumm

tcslant swam on her back reading a “16’,” is m“ m thé own and if

ll wspllpcr out loud. Tilden swam any one  interested m  in m

lor llll‘ Sophs and Hawkins won for a muman‘mm Inform Gag, yogum

tllc frosh, which incidently. was mm .47 or Wanda Tomagcik .48

the only rilcc they won during the who' are’ cowapmms of tenmé {011
9",“,“mg' . this year.

lhc last race was the candle re-
ily. Each of the two contestants
swam the length of the pool hold- .
ing a lighted clllldlc ill their right
hand. Al the other end of the pool "I F,  & 

Pharmacists
KBTABLIIHIO IDOI PHONI 4-IOIC
157 CENTRAL AVI.
ALBANY. N. Y.

Last Tuesday night the Sophs
added 2 more points to their rivalry
score. They took four out of the

Next week will decide the future
b.ml_- of tile WAA bowling trophy.
As it now stands three teams are
tied for first place-~0umma Kap.
Pill Dcll, illld Saylcs. The three
wily tic was the result of the Sayles-
Gililllllll Kap match which Sayles
won in the third game, 667 to 661.
Phi Delta has been tllc proud pos~
LCSSUI' of the cup for the past two
years and tension is at a high pitch
to see what the filial outcome will
be. The standings of the remaining
thch teams have already been de-
lf'l'lnlllcfl with Psi (lam, Chi Sig

 

ill‘lzl Kappa Delta holding fourth. 11",. (infltuof WIH'S Lu,ken by Llhewomcé
fifth and sixth place respectively. Eglimlgzlmg gaggnlgrihemflrg; 23d

Ill a close game last Week Gilm- pimp”. “ml Tilden won Egg”, for

ma Kllp emerged victorious over 0111 U“, 50pm,
Sig. High scoring honors of the
two games go to Pcdisicll of Gamma
Kap while Nolan bowled high for
Clli Sig.

'I‘hc (.iitllllliii Kilp-Plli Deli. game
will be bowled some time this week
and the winner will meet Soyles
next week. Both games will be
bowled at the Piaydium as Rice’s
has been closed for the season,

 

 

 

Itl‘lV LON CHEN YU

college Pharmacy

7 No. Lake at Western Ave.
Albany, New York

WOODBURY JERGENS

RIGE ALLEYS

15c a game for school leagues
Western & Quail

from 9 AM. to 6 PM.

 

 

 

 

 

Wad,
earl

 

 

 

— By Woodworth and Evans -—

Softball season officially started
Tuesday after the opening game on
Monday between the Sophs and
JuniOrs was postponed due to rain.
Tuesday's game brought together
the trash and Grad teams. The
game went fast for the first 4 in-
nings with only one hit given out
to the Grads by Lisker, frosh pitch-
er. Costly errors by the frosh en-
abled the Grads to score twice. In
the 5th and 6th innings the fresh-
men fell apart. In these two in-
nings the Grads scored 1'1 runs on
10 hits. The fresh scored 5 runs
as a result of errors and the heavy

hitting of Joe Zanchelli who hit a.

round trip ball with one man on.
The final score at the end of 7 in-
nings was 19-5 in favor of the Grads.
We received the general impression
from this game that the fresh were
tackling a smoother and more ex-
perienced team both in batting and
fielding.

As a result of Tuesday's game
there are certain things that must
be ironed out. First, it is impera-
tive that teams give a list of substi-
tutions to the scorer as they are be-
ing substituted and that the men
going into the game start at the
same time that their names go into
the score book. Also teams should
be careful not to juggle their bat-
ting orders after substitutions have
been made. Secondly. sneakers or
canvas shoes must be worn in com-
pliance with softball rules.
Wednesday Game

The Juniors took the measure of
the frosh, 14-11, in a sloppily played
game on Page Field last Wednesday.
Evans held the frosh to 3 hits but
aIIOWed 15 walks which accounted
for most of the frosh runs. The
Juniors collected 11 hits off the
pitching of Lisker. As in the first
game there were many errors by
both teams which made the game
disinteresting to the spectators.
Commons Party

Friday nlght, May 3, the Commons
will be open to everyone under the
new recreation plan. If you haven’t
other plans made, come down to
the Commons for a good time. We
need your support if we are to make

,this program a success. There will

be dancing, ping-pong, and other
games plus plenty of coke.
Athletics And Politics

It has come to the attention of
this column that certain members
of Student Association have been
criticized for running for Student
Association offices because “they
have done nothing for the school
except participate in athletics." We
believe that this is a fallacy in
thinking because there is no activ-
ity ill this school that requires any
more time and anywhere near as
much exertion as Varsity athletics.
Consrder the two or three hours
practce every night, except game
nights, during the week and games
on weekends. Extend this for three
years and you will find that the
contribution to this college will
rival any other organization.

'_._.__. _,,_,

6000 F00!)

lll a Friendly.
Comfortable

Atmosphere

WW9

WESTERN AT
QUAIL

 

 

 

l... coil...

TomOrrOW

 

2-444

ALBANY, NEW YORK, THURSDAY. MAY 9. 1946

 

Hamilton Issues
Class Procedure

For Moving Up
Senior Class To Lead

Procession From Draper

Elizabeth Hamilton, ’46, Grand
Marshal of Student Association, will
direct the Moving-Up Day proce-
dure tomorrow. In order to facilit-
ate the change in seats, she has re-
leased the following directions.
Form Lines

All lines are to be formed by 8:30

. M.

1. Seniors will form a double line
with the head of the line at Minerva
and extending down the back stairs
of Draper into the lower hall of
Draper.

2. Juniors will form a double line
with the head of the line in Draper
opposite the Registrar's office, ex-
tending through the Huested peri-
style and the hall of Huested.

3. Sophomores will form a double
line with the head of the line be-
ginning at the bottom of the stairs
in the Annex area, and extending
through the 10Wer hall into Draper.

4. Freshmen will form a double
line with the head of the line op-
posite the girl's locker room in low-
er Draper (behind the Sophomores
and Seniors) and extending through
the lower hall towards the Com—
mons.

Each column will be led by the
class marshals, followed by the class
officers carrying the class banners.
Seniors to March

At 8:45 A. M. the Seniors will be-
gin the procession by marching
down the front steps of Draper and
continuing down the front walk to
Western Avenue, turning right to-
wards Albany High, and right up
the Huested walk, around Richard-
son and in the front doors of Page.
They will be followed by the other
classes. Upon entering the audi-
torium. students are to be seated
according to the following rules.
(All directions given facing the
stage.)

1. Freshmen in balcony.

2. Sophomores in the right section
of the main floor, and filling in
behind the Senior and Junior sec-
tions.

3. Juniors in the left section, and
in the balcony. .

4. Seniors in the center section.
Classes to Sing

Upon singing “Where, Oh Where"
the second time:

1. The Juniors upstairs will move
quickly left and down the left
stairs, halting at tile foot of the
stairs until the Sophomores move
out, and then coming down the left

(Continued on Page 3, Column Ill

Biology Laboratory

At last the purpose behind the
bulky crates that littered the Annex
a few weks ago, and the numerous
cabinets and tables which bustling
science majors have fallen over since
Easter vacation, has been revealed.
The Biology Department has been
rejuvenated!

The pounding ililllliilcl's which
have accompanied the biology lcc-
turcs for so long are beginning to
show progress. Sevcil rooms ill-
eluding two offices, four labs. and
it lecture rooln are being remodeled.
Demonstration tables equipped with
fixtures for water, gas, air and elec—
tricity have been provided for the
lecture room and labs. New storage
cabinets. seine of which hich bccll
equipped with sliding trays for large
jars and preserved materials, line the
walls in illl the rooms. To accomu-
date the shorter people who could
never reach beyond the first row of
skeletons (ill the old, deeper cub-
inets, the new ones are shallower.

The field biology lab, Room 26i-A
has also been graced with a new
sink. Three long work tables have
been added and even the fish belle-
fited by the changes, for a new

Moving-Up Day Worries
Bring Premature Old Age

“Buzz, buzz, buzz,” a sigh, a
haggard look—

Guess what week this is
Hmmm?

Despite a certain tension per-
meating an otherwise nearly-
back - to - normal atmosphere,
classes go on as usual, the Boul
seems to lure the same crowd of
hungry food seekers, but “how
somepeopledoit ismorethaniknow
beingaboutcrazymyselfaintyou?”

In case you haven’t guessed
by this time—this is the week of
Moving-Up Day (revelation, no
less). And for those who are
running for an office or backing
a candidate, it is very apt at
times to be a bit nerve-wracking.
More particularly, after a lnonth
of being tossed back and forth
between “Oh sure, you'll make
it" la friend) and “Well, now,
you shouldn‘t let anything like
that bother you" (the enemy).

States-Men Ball

ls Saturday Night

Kieler's Orchestra
To Play In Page Gym

Saturday night the States-Men
will again sponsor the annual Mov-
ing-Up Day Ball. This year the
ball will be held in the Gymnasium
in Page Hall from 9 P. M. to 1:00
A, M., with 3 o’clock hours for all
students. Philip Lashiilsky ‘47, Presi-
dent of the States-Men, has also
announced that William Marsland,
_ ‘47, has been elected the next Presi-

But Whate‘fer t1“? resmts f0) dent of this organization for the
any competitive offéce, the prLo- yem, 1946447.

)er attitude is an we quo e:  ' .-.
‘X‘The best man has won.”* KM“. to may 11 .d -,,1 l.
 Cool around here, isn't it? .Mu‘sm [0‘ the BR Satul'ny 11.15.]:
Will be prowded by Tommy chicl

 

and his orchestra with vocals reli-

dcl'cd by the orchestra‘s young solo-

  ist. Couples 'will dance beneath a

I I "sky bright With glittering stars and

_ a huge gleaming moon shedding

   light on the group below." Tile sides

of the gym will be covered With

, streamers in the four class colors

  while lights above slowly change
from hue to hue.

. . William Baldwin, '48, and Wil-

Hill?” Ncwlm.“ and suldem liain Mill'slilncl, ‘47, are ill charge of
Chmsna“ Assocmuon.lmve ‘“?“°E‘“". llll‘ dccol'ullons for the dance. Tllf,‘
ed plans {.01.- me msmnﬂuonb 91 lighting effects are under the direc—
meir new.°”‘00“‘3 1.18m” weak‘ Intel" llDll oi Albcl'l RCf'fl, '47. Lawreliei-
Vavaity wrll participate ill the area mmlmyy .49, )5 m 0ng0 of the
monthly meeting Saturday at the tickets.

Old Chapel of Union College. Picnic Sunday
Hillel . Sunday from 1 to 9 P. M. the

Joseph Pillﬁ‘VSkyi '46. PI‘CSlClelll 01 Slates-Men will conclude the week-
Hillel, has announced that llle “CW (‘1111 with ii picnic ill Indian Ladder.
officers of this OI'B'alllzallOIl Wlll be The group will travel by bus to and
formally installed all 1‘ banquet from the picnic. Each girl will pro—
whlch will be held next week. M111" i'lric ll box lunch for licrsclf and
Vin 'Will'nC. '49. is in Charge 01' “10 lif'l' escort. Elitcl‘tzliilmcill will in-
proceedings. I cludc among other things climbing

Bally Julie MCGWUL '46. PX‘CSI' clili's illlfl playing softball.
dent of Newman Club, has stated Al, ii l'l‘n’llil of elections held ch-
that the installations of the new 01- lelly n. ll meeting 01' the Slates-
licel's Wlll Lillie Place Tlllll‘Sfl'ill'. Mill' Mcll. \Vllllum Mili'slillld, ‘47. was
lb'. The 1110011118 Will buglll WlUl circled i’l'csiiiclit of this organiza—
Bcneiliction at 7:30 P. M. M U115 lien for 1946-1047. Other officers
meeting the freshmen will present pp.wa plump. Humld web“, '47_
ii program of entertainment under who “m “a up “Ml, you“ Vic“-
the direction of Agnes MCIllll’l'O ‘dllil Pl'lfsllli'lll illlfl l’llilip Lashlllsky, ‘47.
Jean McCabC.f1'eslllnell. who will lilkc 0\l‘l' lilo position of
SCA _ TI'L‘ilh‘lll‘L‘i'.

Installation 01' the new SCA Ol- Cllllpl-l'ilucs llll' lllc ull'uil' are: Dr.
flccl‘s will UlkC DlilCl? Fl'ldlll'. Mlll’ Etiwili‘tl Cooper. Assistant Professor
18. leCOI‘Clllls 10 Hill‘l'lel Bl'lllklllllll. zlliil Silllf‘l'l'llifll' ill C(llllilli-l'cc, and
’46, President of the organization. Mrs. Cooper, Dr. ’l‘llcoilol'l- Slimli-

The program will concludi- wilh mil. ill-omw of id-onomil-s illlfl
the serving of i‘cl'rcsliiliciits. Joiiii Bil-lumpy llllil Mrs. Slilllillllg, illlfl
Alvcrsoil, '46. is general chairman Mr. (‘ill'll-ioli Hlitll’llll‘l'. Instructor
of the event. ill (‘flllillil'll'l‘. lllltl Mrs. Silllcf'lll-l'.

Has Face Lifted By New Equipment

aquarium sils ill one corner. For Llll' lisll'll llll :lil l-ipull llll(l l'l)lllllll‘llll)ll‘
convenience of the butterfly culcll- lcvcl.

crs il spcciul ctllllpui'llllcilt llus liccil Zunlum- “mm,” [mum mm I“
built ill ()llf' of tile cilbillcts for llll‘ mp“- hlb my, “Wk u“...- mimmg i“'()
ilcls. From now 011 “Nb Will l)" |)l‘l‘lll(l.\ (ll work. Now liillll's wilii
placed in llil'll' Sill‘t’i‘rll lllllC“ ll" .~.|lllly lllilsllllill- lilps Lil‘l‘l'll'd Illl-li'
slclld of ill llll‘ coi'ni'r l'ili' WOW“ I" l')’(‘.\ illlfl llll'_\' gi'llll'l'ully llllll'(l llll'
trip over. spam» for llll‘ sub—sillin- lllll'l'llh'l'l’ulll'

Individual iii-sits huvc bl-cii lllllf,‘l’(l “mum Al my “mum “Hummus”
ill the gi'ndllulc lub. Room 259, with mm mm. m “(,1)le (m my “WI.
four dl'llwci's for illslrulllcllls illl(l 1mm,“ “whim”, m mm, mm. “mm
cquipiilcilt, Clibiilcls for keeping rcl'— “mm 1,”. ,1”,.,.,N.Um,. “wk TIM,
cl'cilci' journals illid puinplilcls, have “.(mvl M.,,“ mm, m “m, .11“ H 11".)
PW“ l’l'UVldm [0" (“Ch grudm'u' 51“" llill'llli'l' ill‘ilws his arm ()lll li'lllll lll
ticlll. lllld ll lililg Ill'f‘|)lll'illl()ll liilllc rm,” “r H“, mm“ .Hm, mm mm,
“"05 "u" “"‘H‘ Th" l’l'vl“”'”””“ mm" lil llll‘ll' illlllll'llll zlilil |)ill'lillli'l‘lli lili—
will be used by department illcilibcrs (“Huylwdl
llild gl'lllllllllt‘ sIudi-ills for |)|'i']iill‘lllH
lissucs and similar work.

Tlll‘ l)()lllll_\’ lill), Room 358. bus
bccn oulfillvd with lll‘W lllllll‘h' llllfl
the lecture table has been equiple
with room for ll ilclllolisll'uiillil llll—
croscllpc Bill perhaps the adjust--
able stools urc llll.‘ illosl wclcolllc
fcalurc us fur the students are con-
ccrilcd. No longer will short pcoplc
stl'ilill their necks to peer ovcr tllc
top of the tables while their liiilei'
cohorts sil. pcrchcd high ilbovc the Progress litivullccs llllll biology
others slowly developing till "I‘m too slllilcills llow ll'udgc off to newly
conspicuous" complex. Now all can equipped lcclurc rooms and bibs.

“1', Douglas ullil llr, Hl-lllllliiil llll\’l‘
lliltl llll‘ll‘ lll'lll'l-s l‘l'lllilill'll‘il [(ll).
\‘Vlll‘ll lllli‘l'\'ll'\\’l‘(l lil'. Sl'llllulld ril—
lllilrkl-il willl :l llllppy ull'unl lll lll'l'
l-yl- "Al lilsl! l“lll' llll‘ first llillc lli
Illil'ly yours 1 llll\'f‘ :l \\'lll'lll'(ll)f‘ lo
lliillg lily lull lll. llr. Douglas
Sl'l‘llli‘fl i'l-i'y (’(lllll'lll. lll‘l' pliluls
lillil sprouls \\'l'l'l‘ pulling lll'l‘fl of
bi'iill,r slili‘cil lll those old lllillil‘—
shift sowing cilbillcls.

 

ELIZABETH HAMILTON ’46

Stokes To Direc
Spring Concert
May l7 in Page

Dr. Cliill'lsl; F. Slokcs, Assistant
Proi'rssor of Music, has announced
llli‘ program for the Annual Spring
Cllllf'i'l'l of llll‘ Slutc Cullcgi- Or—
('lll‘bll‘il, Chorus. illl(l Olll‘l'l‘llil Group
on I“l'l(lll)‘ ill 8:30 P. M. iii Page
Hull. ’l'lll' ('\'(‘lll will be llic fifth
illlfl i'iilill (‘\'l‘lll sponsored by Music
Council this your.

()Vl'l' mic ilulldl'cd Stali- Collcgc
sludcllls will pui'lil:ipulc ill the cou—
(‘l‘i'L 'l'ilc Clllll’gfi ol'cllcslru is sche—
(llili-(i lo pllly loul' sclecliilils; lllc
Opt‘l'l'llil group, chorus lllld string
(liliil'll'l will make up the remainder
of llll‘ progrulil. 'l‘lll) 0].)l‘l'ellil will
l‘llile’l' ii Cillllillil. and llll‘ chorus
will sing six llumbcl's. The string
quartet. ti new organization, will of—
l'l'l' ()llf‘ .‘ll'lf‘Cllllll.

'l'lic llrcllmll'il will (lllf‘ll llll' pm-
1L~lllll \\'llll All‘lllll-lsrellllll's (.‘lll‘lli'lill
lv'l,~.lil‘lll .l/llll/I. This Will l)l' l'lil-
lml'ml ll\' l‘l'llllllllllllll by .lilllllcf'illl,
llll‘ [filli‘llil‘lllll‘ from 'llllls Ill Hull-
‘llull by Ulfcllbiii'll, llllli llll' l’l'm‘r‘s-
um): ul llll Nari/ill" from ('llllr-llsilill
.‘~Tl.'r ll'lll .w by lppillilow-lvzliiiliv.

l‘lll‘ .‘ll‘l'llllil [llil'll of llll‘ lll'()l.',l‘lllll
Will l'wlllliri- ll i-lliillltil, ’l‘lii- Nil/Ill—
llIf/llll Hill] Ilu Il’rlsl, ‘.'\'llll words by
llllll] \\‘:llls (llillll illul IllllHli' by
lll‘lll‘)’ llllllll‘)’. 'l‘lll- Sl'll‘l'llllll will
lll’ .-llllg’ l)j~.' llll- ilpi-l'cllll l'lllll'llm \\'llll
:\;',lll‘.\‘ Ylllillp, 'llli, llh‘ soloist, lillll
Nllll'll‘l Navy, '-ili, us plillllidil-i-illn-
[Illllth

'l‘lll- lll‘\\'l)'-llll'llll‘fl :le'llll.‘, (plur-
ll-l \yill llll'l-i' iiyll lllll\'t‘l|ll‘lll.‘i ill‘ llll’
l‘hi‘llilllilll‘i'bll)‘ rill-lull (Jilin/«I In I),
lill'llllllll;i llli‘ \vl-Il—kllllil‘ll .»‘.illiillltl~
(‘..llll2lllill'. :lllil llll‘ Hl'lll‘l'AJ 'l‘lll‘
llli‘llll‘ (ll. lilllllllld .‘ll‘i‘llllll lll(l\'l'lllt‘lll
llllrl .‘u'vllllj.’ lll‘l'll lliwl‘ll its llll' lllll-
ll\'l‘ for it illllllllill' :xlill?’ Ml'lllllcl's
lll' llli’ gp'llllp lll'l‘ lli' tillllil‘s, Vllilill:
llll‘-.‘il|lllllllll:l)l‘.f1,Vllillll, Mill'jlli'll-
Ill-:lly. 'lll, Vllilll; lillll .\llll‘l;ill'l‘l
lllli‘i'lil'l, 'l'.l. ‘l‘l'llll.'

'l‘lll- l'illll group of minus will he
pronoun-ll by HM“ Willill'u'r. Chorus.
'l‘lll-ll' “.l‘ll‘l'llllllh‘ will in WI: Nil/Ill-
lll.llll/- . 'l‘sl-llailillwslw; Ill llll Hill "I
Nil/Ill. lflli‘llliluilillllll': I‘lllffllllll, A.
\\':llll‘l‘ lx'l'llllil-l'; 11”“ [will (ll 1.» Thu
[NH/[lull I’llll'l, lirullllls; Illll‘lel,
Nl-yill: ()lllligillll, Miss (lillsbi'l'g
:illll Mic», lllll'l'ilcr; llllll 'l‘lll Zillriill’
llllyill Slallllvy Hillilll. .‘Xl'clliilplluisis
l‘llr llic chorus will be llllllisl- lillll~
l-lllu, 'li’l. illlll .lcull Sllillli'lflll, “iii.

Moving-Up Day To Highlight 1
Traditional Weekend Activities

Judicial Board
Will lnaugurate
New Myskania

Skit, Sing To Terminate '
Year's Rivalry Events

State's extra-curricular year will .
reach its climax tomorrow morning
as the thirty-third Moving—Up Day
exercises open with the singing of .
the Alma Mater. All of the past.
week's speculations and suspense .
will be over as the four classes,
clocked in their distinguished colors,
will see the '45—‘46 year brought to ,
a close, and a new rule ushered in.

New Mysknnia, I . 

The new members of Myskania
ulll be announced, theSeniors will
plant their ivy; in the evening the
llv. airy clip will be awarded to the
winning class, and a dance in the
Commons will finish out the day's
activities.

After the procession of the classes
from Draper to Page Hall, the pro-
gram will begin with Helen Shure,.
President of Student Association,
presidlig. Class speakers are first
on the program. Speaking for the
freshmen wi‘li’be Margaret Franks;
for the Sophomores, Barbara Dunk-
cr; lor the Junidrs, Ruth Bentley;
for lhe Seniors, Marjorie Cronin.

Dr. Clarence Hidlcy Will announce
next year's officers of Pi Gamma.
Mu; Dr. Edward Cooper, the offi-
tors of Pi Omega Pi; Dr. Ralph

Lililllholl. the officers of Press Bu-’

l'l’flll; Dr. Roy York, officers of
Llonlliicrcc Club; Dr. Neil McNall,
‘tlli‘ officers of Forum; Dr. James
Ltllildcrs. the officers of Pan Ami-
gos; Dciln Ellen G. Stokes, the of-
floors and new members of Resi-
clcilco Council; and the presidents
ol‘ the other DepartlilentalClubs

will reveal their officers for next .

year.

Seniors to Sing '

li‘cllowlng these annouhéenlcnts,
the Seniors will sing their farewell
song, and the classes will carry out'
the traditional moving-up to new
assembly scilts while singing “Wher'e,
Ull Wilt-re." Then the entire stu-
:ll‘ll‘. body will sing “Arm in Arm
lill'ougil li'l‘lf‘lltlll' Ways."

.‘l ill-w l'l.‘l'l‘lll()ll_\' for tapping next
;.l-lll':. Myskilllill will be. revealed
lll‘.\l, illl llll‘ progruill. _.A1'tcr the new
llzl'lllbcl's tli lllc Judiciary, Board,
ll:l\i‘ iilkcll their places “on: the
:x'iiigi‘, 11w major militias-for next your
\\ ill lJl,‘ announced.

lilcciioii llcsulis

Nlcws Board Elections will be all-
llliullccd by Dr. Milton G. Nelson
Dunn of the College; Debate
l'lllllH‘ll, by Dr. Roland C. Burton;
l‘l‘llill—Hlllllt‘. by Jenn Griffin, ‘46;
l’l'lllll‘l‘ by Dr. Shields Mellwilillc;
Must Council by Mary Louise
(.‘illui‘l; Drilmillics illlil Arts Council
by Mill-1c Licbl, ‘46; Student Chris-
llllll Association, by Harriet Brink-
lllllll, Kill; NL‘Wlllllll Club, by Betty
lllllli‘ Ail-Unilll, ‘46; Hillel. by Joseph
l'.lll"\.‘il{.\', ‘46; WAA by Many Sey-
mour. "iii; Cillllllllh' Commission by
All» Slim-ll; Student Union Board
by l)i'. Rulpll licuvor; Illtcl'sorority
(‘lllllll‘ll by Dcull Stokes; Student
lllllll‘ll ill Fliluucc by Dr. York.
To (‘lose l'i'ugi'tim

(‘lliss oilil‘cl‘s lilitl Student Asso»
l‘i.lil()ll cheerleaders and song leader
will llll‘ll bi‘ illllloulicod, and Mrs.
‘illlll'l‘ will close the program with

lllt' results of lilo Student Associa— ‘

lion clccliolls. After the reces-
silllllll‘é. llll‘ classes will form their
lllllllcruls on lilc clllilpus.

Till~ mulling program will consist
of llll‘ rivill cillss skits and the ii'lldl»
ll()lllll Moving-Up Night Sing. A
(ltilit'i‘ ill the Commons will follow
the awarding of the rivalry cup.

 

. . gym. a.-.;:;:.:s......_._ ,.   :11; 

 

 

 

 

