 

 

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS,

JUNE l92rl

 

FOOTBALL
Under the captainsliip of Edmund
Crane, a football team was main-

tained at State for the second time’

A football squad
has been a new enterprise for the
men now at the colleg- for it was not
until last year that a squad was or—
ganized by coach Siiavely. (lunch

in several years.

   

Wegner, filled with high enthusiasm“

carried on the work started by for-
mer coach Siiavely. State has seen a
decided improvement orer last year,
and therefore has every reason to
believe that in the near future it will
put out a winning team. Judged
eidv from the standpoint of games
won, the past season has not been all
that could be hoped for; but if it is
judged, as it should be, by the actual
progress made, then State can look
back upon a season of real success.

' the some interest is manifested
during the 1924 games, and there is
every right to expect that it will be,
the college may evun next year have
not only a hard fighting squad; but
a winning one as we ,

’I‘he oiiicers of the squad were as

follows: Edmund (.‘rane, Captain;
John Hayes, Manager. The squad:
Ilader, left end; Horn, left end:
I'layes. left tackle; Gardner, left

tackle; Roberts, right end; Donnely,
right end; Sage, quarter back; Gil—
christ, left half-back; Lake, left
guard; Bently, left guard; Smith,
center; Davis, center; Heaver, right
guard; Crawford. right guard; Cant-
well, left half-back; O’Brien, right

l‘alfvback; Crane, right half-back;
Caton, full back; Roberts, right
tackle.

' . 4%:


VARSITY

Record of games.

   

 

Ii‘OO’l‘llAld.

 

'I‘l‘iAM “Md—«Illﬂd

The Team

  

  

Page Five

HONOR DESIGNATIONS

 

, State Opp Colon, iitclier' lie liai'on, pitclier‘ . .  . ,... . ..
i . nu . i. .. ' Werner Clltlfl'li‘l"l(ll'ﬂlilllll i‘ii'stb: .1 . NLW “m-l Humfll .cllmdw‘h.’ .dlL
,Ott. 0.8.. l.awn.nu .0 h] ‘ 1-. i x I n l v announced In the iules i0i designa-
()CL |:}.WE)|'C(H{(”I no btgililiiiiiii, second base; Donnelly, “U” “1- Summits rm. honor“. AS
06L git-Williams l‘Y ‘liml-‘n-‘O 34 MW" mm” 5‘15"" ﬁlm” Swill 'ltwl“ heretofore. in determining the IIle'
Oct. 27—U.S. Destroyer Breek ‘Il‘l’h “WU-“f “Fifi; _ “Ul'mmlé'i “14"” her of students to be designated for
V U 12 0 l“*l'li “Ol’l’l'l'ib it‘ll (“’l‘l- honors, the ltegistrar shiill compulte
1 0v. :1- iiion ,0 27 the standing of the candidates iy
Nov. lth, I’. l. l) 7 Record 0‘ Gamxlt. 0 ' counting d points for every semester
*— MH‘ W‘_Milhll“m|w " ‘l 6 “ll 1’ hour in which he secures with credit

BASEBALL May :t-Ceigate  .  l) 5 1‘. ’i"i“‘“ “l jA’ ,3 pm'llls. lol‘ {3’  

. _ .. . , . I, out 1 lei D, and shall then divnlt.

On April 2d the first practice game May iii-Mltlllli'lml‘)’ l 7 um mm] numb“. of points by the

of baseball was iield two days before May ilil-Ciarkson , It) ‘ mull Humlm. or 50””, m. hnum‘
” instead of (it. nating for

the opening game of the season at
Middleliurv The journey to Middle-
bury resulted in the defeat of the
nine from State, but undaunted they
started out to play Colgate on May tl.
Here State bucked up against a
strong team, but he Baron pitched a
strong game. The game was called
at the end of the fifth inning on
account of rain with the score 23—0
in the opponent's favor.

State was to have played St. Steph-
en's on May l0 and 1'7, but she can-

celed lI'IEl' entire schedule leaving
State With two open dates.

On May 24, Middiebui'y mine to
Albany for her return game. (‘aton

in the pitcher’s box did some hard
lighting, but loose fielding resulted

in a defeat of ’7—I for our men.
The Decoration day game was
played against Clarkson 'l‘eeh.. am

in spite of the fact that we again met
llt'lt’ilt. our men out up a still‘ fight.

flu.» season was brought to a close
by a game With Hamilton college, the
score being 5-2 in their favor.

The team was led by lClnier StuhL
man. captain, and the games were
scheduled by li‘i-ederick Scott who
graduates from State this year.

 

 

' May til-I'Iainilton

FINANCE BOARD
The finance board, which is com-
posed ol student representatii ,. '

 

from
each of the three upper classes, a
faculty member, and a treasurer, who
is also a member of the college fac-
ulty, makes out an estimate of the
amount of money that will be needed
to carry on the work of the college

 

organizations which are susidized
each year by the student lunds.

Each of these organizations presents
a budget to the finance board, and it
is from these the board estimates the
total amount to be raised and the
individual student blanket tax. The
entire budget must be approved by
the student body before the finance
board may begin to collect the tax.
Each 'tudent, upon paying his tax,
receives a student tax ticket on
which he is admitted to home games,
iconcerts. plays, lectures, and all the
.other entertainments that are pro-
vided by those organizations which
benefit bv the student fund. This
method of financing general college
activities has proved very successful
and has met with the approval of
the students.

 

 

  

 

l However,
illoIIiH'S only those attaining an aver-
,age standing for four years of at
{least 3.55) points, under the present
iplan, those who attain an aVc'age
vrating of from 3 to 3.49 points will
be designated for honors, and those
who attain an average of 3.5 points
or above will be awarded high honors.
At the completion of each regular
semester and year, all students having
such averages will be designated for
the merited honor. Jundidates must
carry a full amount of work and
receive credit for every course car-
ried in the term or year in which
they are de“gnateil. G 'ades received
in the freshman year will not be
counted toward ﬁnal h‘onors unless
they are exceptionally fine. 'I‘hus,
students will not be penalized by
peer [)I‘Uplll'tltlon.

 

LITTLE POSSIBILITY OF PHI
BETA KAPPA HERE

There has been much comment
concerning the possibility of the

establishment of a chapter of Phi
Beta Kappa at State. The state-
(Continued on page 13)

