.Ne amt-mama“... .«MM’

Honorary Members
Pour as Sororities
Have Yearly Social

The Intersorority Tea held from
three‘tbirty to ﬁve-thirty on October 25
was a truly festive fall "at home.”
From the moment of entrance into the
rotunda hung with banners and be-
tlecked with palms and autunm foliage
and throughout one‘s sojourn to chat,
the general air of genial friendliness
prevailed.

The guests were presented to the va-
rious honorary faculty and alumnae by
ushers who wore their sorority colors.
Those who poured for the various
groups are:
l3). .Futterer, Miss lidith 0. Wallace,
Miss Catherine l‘eltz; lita l’hi, M.
llarry Hastings, Mrs.
t‘lti‘illft'll. Miss lithyl Lucy lluyck, Mrs,
Stiuard; Kappa Delta, Mrs. llavid
Stevenson, Mrs, (T. l’owers, Mrs. York,

 
 
 

 

Miss t‘obh; l'si Iianuna, Mrs. Frear,
Miss Noriue Kt-atiug, M s l’hillips,
Mist. Scotland; t'hi Sigma Theta, Mrs.

Paul Meskil, Mrs, John l)evine; (iamma

 

Kappa I'hi, Mrs. IIidlcy, and Miss
Avery; Alpha .1 lion I'bi, M rs. S,
tfaplau, and Miss I lelcn (ioldsniith;

Beta /.ela, Miss 'I‘hompson, and Miss
Malcolm.

WILL HAVE MASS MEETING

Club is

I and initia-

 

Tbe Home Economics
pending its regular mectn

  
     

lion until the \ l oI .'ovember I7,
due to the press DI the work in that
department. Activities will be reopened

With a general mass meeting of the dew

eat, at which time it In hoped that

 

 

he members of the club.

The French (Tluh initiation party heldl

on Friday evening, October .24, gave
the freshmen ample opportunity to d's
play their worth as royal entertainers.
Under the general guidance of
l‘ierce, Miss Loch, and Miss Malcolm,
a program as enjoyed, consisting of
French songs sting by Violet Pierce, and
French dances by Ruth Lelunan

 

school mistress and with several pupils
humoroust portrayed the procedure of
a regular c as ‘
the State (,ollege Facility.

Dancing partners were chosen accord—
ing to contemporaries, ('ider and dough-
nuts were served to the guests, The ap-
propriate decoratirms of blue, white, and
red flags and autulnn leaves added to the
pleasure.

 

.\t :1 special meeting of Newman Club
held \\’cdnesday, October 22, at '
o'clock in room 211, a letter from the
corresponding secretary of the Albany
Province of Newman Clubs was read.
In accordance i the in\'it._ition

L:

with
extended to the Neulnan t'lub of btntc
COIICIIC. Miss Mary Driseoll, ’25, the
president of the local club, was elected
as delegate to the State Conference
which will be held October 31 to Novem-
ber 2 at Cornell University.

Newman Club will resume its social
service work and charitable activities un-
der the direction of Marion O'Connor,
'27, as chairman. The program for 192+
25 includes visits to children in city hos—
pitals and various other opportunities for
work of a similar nature. Notices will
be posted on the Newman bulletin board,
and club members are asked to enter into
this part of ewman activity with the
earnest, self‘sacrificing spirit which it
deserves.

Delta Omega, Miss Agnes.

Ilarry Birch-‘

all sophomores and upper classmeu willl

 

Dean ‘

and,
Charlotte Jones. Margaret 'l'aylor playcd‘

s in French conducted by

S'I‘A'I‘l'i (iO'IddCt‘t I!) N IiWS, OC’I‘OBER 3.1, 1024

Historical and Art Association
Plans Varied Program

The Albany Institute and Historicall
‘tllttl Art Society has planned an excel-
,lcut and interesting winter program for
ngZAI-IOZS, to be presented in Albany,
,Troy, and Schenectady. This program
twill include noted lectur , plays, oper-
ettas, and unusual musical attractions.
,Among the lecturers are Major (.1. IE.
l {a sell, lh‘. l’ercy Waldrou Long, and
(tr Ia u'd Conkliug.

‘ tuusical features are as follows:
{Monday, November 10, lioston Sym—
‘phony. Schenectady, Franklin; Tuesday,
,Norember ll, lloston Symphony, ’l‘roy,
itfln‘cmatic' \‘Vedncsday, November l‘),
l'l‘roy Vocal Society, "my, T. . ..
i'l‘uesday, December 2, Marriage of Iii
‘garo, Albany, Franklin; Wednesday,
Ilcccmher 3, Marriage of Figaro, Sche-
inectady, Franklin; Wednesday, Ilertnn‘

‘ 3, Marcel Dupre. Organist. Troy,
inkliu; 'l‘hursday. IJect-mber Kl. Men-
del. ohn (,lub. Albany, Mnntl‘lssohu
t'lub; Friday, llct‘t'lllllt‘l' l3, (iabrilnw
Itsclt, \Ibauy, State t'ollcge; 'l'ues‘d
January 13, l’iano (Juarlctte, Troy, t‘bro-,

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

Y. W. MEETING

Mrs. lidward Mcrtx, a resident of Al-
bany. addressed the regular gathering of
the Young \\'nmt-n's (‘hristiau Associa-
tion, ’l‘uestlay. October 23. Mrs. Mertz,
who has taugbt in government schools on
ivarious reservations, took as her subject
of discussion, "The Amer an Indian as
Know Him." "The American Indian
of today is as different from the story—
book Indians, as we are frqu the I‘uri-
tansf sht- averted, lit-r address was
math, tery llllL ting by a display of
Indian handicraft in the form of has.
bets and moccasins,

  

 

POLITICAL SCIENCE CLUB

.-\n inn-resting straw vote was taken
'l'uesday, October 28, at the l’olitical
Science t'luh nu'eting'. The result of the
mic g: : (ioolidgc 13, Ilarls l, Rouse—
l\t'll ll, Smith '1.

The “feeling was mainly taken up
with the discussion o current events;
tritish elections, publi‘ation of Income
'ax, and the political campaigns.

It was decided that the initiation
party Would be held Friday evening.
November 21.

    

CAFETERIA RULES

Have you noticed the short but effect-
ive legend at the top of the Cafeteria
blackboard? It reads: the ll:45~12:15
lunch period is reserved for those who
hate classes until 11:45, and at 12:15.

The first day of change marked the
‘lllllllllhlllllt', of the "mob" which tuadly
rushes to secure sutlicienl vitznnines to

- rarry them tln'ougb the rest ol the day

lllt' short space of one-half hour.
\\'hn is lllc friend “in need" I). ck of this
change? Somewhere in the record of
frc~bturu year is the ttn-mory of
question, "IInu many have had their
lunch this noun?” l‘erhaps, the present
freshmen have heard the same question
Awith this difference, the problem has
been solved by a friend "in deed."

    

E

‘ Dr. llrubachet' will address a meeting
iof the eastern division of the New York
State Teachers Association in session at,
I'l‘roy 10-day, He will also speak to-
imorrow. Administration antl commcr-i
‘cial problems will be treated in the lee-[
tures. Adna W. Risley, professor of
history, will speak at a similar meeting
int Biiigliaiittoii a wee from to~day
October 23, he addressed a teachers
convention at Utica.

 

matic; \«Veduesday, January 14, .litbel
Leginska, Albany, Franklin; \Vcdnesday,
January 21, Troy Vocal Society, Troy,
'1‘. V. 8.; Friday, January 23, San Carlo
Opera, Albany; Saturday, January 24,
San ('arlo Opera (Matinee and Night),
Albany; Tuesday, J muary 27, Alfred
I'ieraver, Mary Mellish, Albany, Frank-
lin; 'l‘ucsday, February 3, John Charles
’l'homas, baritone, "roy, (Chromatic;
'l‘uesday, February 17, Cecilia llansen
(violinist) aml Alfrede Oswald (pianist),
Albany, Franklin; Thursday, it'ebruary
l9. A'Ielldelssohn Club. Albany, Mendels-
sohn Club; \'\’edncstlay, March 3, The
Impressario, Schenectady, Franklin;
'l'hursday, March 4. The Impressario,
Albany, Franklin; Wed ty, March
ll, lioston Symphony, Albany, Franklin;
'l‘btu'sday, March 19, Troy Vocal Society,
my, '1‘. V. 8.; \Vcdncsday. March 25,
Rarlnnaninol‘f, Albany, F kliu; Thurs-
day. April 23, lhtsolina umiui, Troy,‘
t'hromatic; \\'eduesday, May (i, Troy}
r'ocal Society, Troy, 'l'. V. 5.; l‘bnrs-j
day, May 2l, Mendelssohn (‘luh, Albany,
ailendclssobu t'luh.

 

 

 

 

 

STATE ON BROADWAY

Word has been received here that
Rosalind (ireeuberg, '26, has been of—
fered the opportunity of going on llroad-
way, by Max Marvin author of “Silence,”
to play as understudy to Flor: Sheffield,-
leadini,r woman, playingr (IM'IIISIIL‘ II, II.
Warner in "Silence."

Miss Greenberg has been reading for
the WGY players, and it was over the
radio that Max .vlarcin ﬁrst heard her
voice, taking the leading role. When in
Albany last week, where his play3
“Silence” was being given, he called on
the young actress, and \\ti\' is breath-
lessly awa ng her decision. While
State ("allege dislile thinking of part—
ing with a celebrity, it extends its sin-‘
cerest congratulations to Miss (ireenbet'g,;
and hopes soon to see her on lh'oad\vay,i
should she sign the enticing contract.

 

 

Halloween will be the last chance fort
the girls“ varsity team and aspirants tol
have a spree for on November I, train-‘
ing' begins. During this period a strict,
regime of regularity in health habits,‘
eight hours as a minimum allowancu for
sleep, will be observed. lliet' regulations
include abstinence from sweets, from
late lttnchs, and the practice of a daily
calorie intake of about 3,000 calories. ‘

Miss Isabelle Johnston will instruct a:
class in advanced gymnastic work to be-
gin in November, This course is open
to junior and senior girls. Those inter-i
cstcd should see the instructor for further:
details. ‘

SCOUT POW-WOW

A Pow-\Vow of the Girl Scouts of
Albany county took place at the
State Armory last Saturday afternoonj
Scout Troop l, comp' largely of‘
State College students. was given the?
opportunity to make use of some of its‘
newly acquired theory. Miss isabclle
Johnston, captain of the troop, directed
the drilling, assisted by Dorothy Hoyt.
Ruth Ilarton, Mildred Strang, Mildred
Wilson, Bertha Zajon, and Louise Dew,
nisou, Lorena ShalTer led the singing,
Mildred \Vilson was in charge of games,
and Dorothy Iloyt acted as cheer leader.

 

MILLS ART PRESS

Page Three '

H. E. News

The Home Economics Department is
very proud of three new rugs in the din-
ing room of the Home Management
house at 155 Western avenue. The rug
from the Home Management house will
soon be seen in the hall reading room
adjoining the Home Economics Depart-
ment.

Miss Thompson was entertained at
dinner Wednesday of last week amt Miss
Keim, Thursday, by the Home Manage-
ment house. Miss Winchell was :1 din-
ner guest the previous week.

Miss Winchell spoke at the district
meeting of the New York State Teachers
Association at Utica, October 23. Her
topic was "Home Economics Association
as a Vital Factor in strengthening the
cooperation between teachers in the field
and the Teacher Training Institutions."

There will be a mcetinr October 30
and 31 of the Eastern District at Troy.
Miss Anna Keim of the Home Econom-
ics Department is chairman of the Home
l'iconomics program, including the
luncheon to be held Friday noon. There
will he sessions 'l'lmrsilay afternoon and
Friday morning. Juniors and seniors in
the Home Economics Department are
making plans to adjust their programs
so they may attend these meetings. "be
Vocational Club will have a dinner
'.‘hursday evening, which several of the
staff will attend.

ALUMNI VISIT STATE

Mrs. Mary Ilall llallork, on leave
from her work at the I‘lschola Ameri-
cana, (,‘u tyba, lirazil, risitt-d State, Oc-
tober 3.3. She called on her friends of
the faculty, and visited one of l’rofev' r
Walker's classes, Mr. lollock holds a
certificate from the class of 1895, and
earned her degree in I‘)l-l. She has been
in South America for the last nine years.

October 22, A. J. It‘lll'llltlll, '87, with his
wife and son, called at college. Mr.
Forman, who has recently retired from
business, lives in New York. At present
he is making an auto trip through the
Adirondacks.

Mr. (ierald S. Pratt, ’14. and his wife,
formerly Rachel Griswold, also of ’14,
stopped at college, October 17. The fol-
lowing day they went with Dean Pierce
for an auto trip to North Creek.

  

   

 

FISKE JUBILEEI

The Fiskc Jubilee Singers, lately re-
turned from a successful season in Lon-
don. will be at the evening service of
the First Presbyterian ‘Church, located

at the corner ol \\"lIlCl and-State
streets, November 2. These stug‘erS.

representatives of Fiskc University, are
noted for their rendition of negro
spirituals. The service begins at 7:45.

LIBRARY RULES

The attention of the students is called
to the rule of the library that reserve
books taken out over night are due at:
nine the next morning. Failure to com-
ply with this rule will mean loss of bor-
rowngr privileges for one week. If the
book is a day or more overdue, borrow-
ing privileges will be withheld for two
weeks.

 

394-396 Broadway. Albany, N. Y.

Printers of State College
New:

PRINTING

Special Attention Given
Society Work

