 

t

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

Page Two STATE COLLEGE NEWS, IlEC'liiBlll'l‘IK l2, IQ‘JAI-
. PHILADELPHIA RECEIVES
5181? (£11.1ng2 News PUIChase Made' TAPESTRY FROM FRANCE
4—7:: '- 'l'he Residence Hall committee has Tho l‘l'UI‘Cll HW’CI‘HHICIELl‘l‘CCItlll’
Dec. 12 No. it “nurme mm land fr”. me new dorm“ presented to the cny of ,l'illltltluilllth’l

Vol. 1X

 

   

Publi ied weekly dur ig the college
year by the Student Body of the Neiv
York State College for Teachers at
Albany. New York.

The subscription rate is three dollars
per year. Advertising rates maybe had
on application to the business manager.

(Articles, manuscripts, etc., must be
in the hands of the editors before Mon-
day of the week of publication.)

Editor-in-Chief
KATHLEEN E. [’uaxmn, ’25
Managing liditor
Haaav S. GODFREY, '26
Business Manager
RUTH ltAm‘oN, '25
Subscription Manager
GWENDOLYN Jones, '25
Assistant Business Managers
Lois MOORE. '25
ELtSE Bowen, ’25
Assistant Subscription Manager
HELEN BARCLAY, '26
Associate Editors

FLORENCE PLATNI‘ , '
HELEN ELLioTr, '26
Jovce PERSONS, ‘26
MARGARET BENJAMIN, ’26

Reporters
SARA BARKLL ', ‘2
JULIA FM. '27
KATHRYN lh.icNis, '27
ANNA Korir. '26
Enwm VAN KLEECK. ’27
Lemma GnNN. ’
PROTECT Rl‘il‘U'l‘A'l‘lfiN
Olt‘ HTA'I‘M
Unfortunate little inrideuts have or.-
curred from time to time which makes
us wonder whether State College will
ever be ready for an honor system. We
talk of traditions and honor. of respect-
ing others’ rights and trusting one an<
other—and then something happens
which proves to us that our talk is oi
no avail. Lockers have to be locked
aml purses miraculously disappear. it
is unfortunate that, through the actions
of a few individuals. the reputation of
the college in general suffers. 'l‘lie ol
adage that a chain is no stronger than
its weakest link might apply here. The

 

tory has been purchased. it is a seveii~
acre lot cornering between l’artridge and
Ontario streets. It is expected that in
the next litl‘t‘c or four yvars, a dormi‘
trn‘y will be erected there which will house
about Ionr hundred girls.
EXCUSE BOX

Students are requested not to go
into the Regi ‘ar's other with excuses
iii the future, since there will be a box
for these placed outside the door.
't'liere will also be a supply of excuse
blanks kept in the same place.
. Elizabeth Van Dunbnrgh.

Registrar.

    

\

 

SCORE TIED ,
I'landicapped by the loss, on account5
of illness, of their regular forwardsi
lhillois and chttinann. the sopliomormi
twci'e held to a tie score by the fres 1
men in the contest of December Li
link: was extended nntil a goal. whichl
,2 it'll to '27. should brcak the tie, i
l The juniors defeated their rivals of:
‘ last year, the present sophomores, in dirt
untuc played December 7. The score1
was [(144). The upper cl s team playedi
:i game rharactcrizcd by accurate. dar~
ling shooting and effective guarding. i

 

 

 

 

_._._._ﬁ ,

MANY ATTEND STATE ‘

COLLEGE
Interesting ligures

regarding the!
percentage of college students in tth
United States who are attending state-
niaiiitaincd institutions. have been
ronipih-d :il Pennsylvania State Col-
lege. ’l‘licy show that more than otte-
third of all the college students are
enrolled in the land grant colleges am
universities. The figures were com-
piled by l'rofcssor A. ll. lispeushadc,
until recently the registrar at the
Pennsylvania State College. 'l‘hcre
arc fifty-two of these instilutimis. t

 

t

DEAN AMONG FAMOUS l
WOMEN

It is with pride that we tind the
name of our own Dean, .»\iina
l'iri'cc. listed among the [famous
Women of 1924. Scientists, writers,
and scholars all over the world make
up the interesting little book entitled

to

 

student body, as It whole, wants State
College to be vital in all its parts, and‘
surely, it \vill‘do all in its power to sect
that "the chain has no weak links." 7
“THE STORY OF STA’l‘lC"
Four—ﬁfths of a century of ])l‘0grcss.i
from a normal school to a state college.‘
will be ended by State College. ’l‘liursday.
A student body which has grown from
29 to 1,050, and' which may expand to
2,500. if the iicw building appropriations
are granted by the state, will witness the .
progress of those eighty years. 'l‘o-(lay
the News hcgiiis‘wl‘he Story of State."
a tale of those eighty years. Those who
wish to learn—"about the humble begin-
nings from \vliicli' the Alma Mater
sprung, should not fail to read it.

 

 

ART LECTUIRE EDUCATIONAL

An art lecture, on the making of
different kinds of etchings, was given
to-day in : )ly, by Miss Periuc.
The talk was )ased on ‘the exhibition of
pictures hung ontthe walls in thc
rotunda, for the last two weeks. and
was illustrated by lantern slides.

Miss l'i-rine has given a talk to mum-l
burs oi‘ the Albany High School Art?
t"liaptt:r, which met' in Room 208, Wed-I
iii-«lay nooit. December it). t

5.

 

 

‘ department to make this most success-

"anions \Vomcu of l‘lZ-l." t
“FROM” TO BE BEST EVER
Preparations for the best of Proms
are now in order. A committcc,
headed by [lilda Klinkhart. has al-
ready met to select the favors. which
will be unusual and attractive.

OBSERVE THESE RULES
.\ll of us appreciate the effort that
has been made by the collegc to pro-

 

\idc adequate means for the studentsI -

to study. The new tables in the llomc‘
lirononiics department arc especially
inviting. The soft lights and broad
tables certainly lit the needs of thc‘
students. Let us all endeavor to co-
operate with the Home liconoiiiics

fiil. The few simple suggestions
offered us by Miss Winchell are only
to make this easier. bservc and
rarry out the following regulations:

. The Home Economics corridor
study is reserved for students who de—
sire quiet for concentrated study.

2. Please kept) the chairs pushed
Illltit't‘ the tables to make the corridor,
ol‘ili-i'l'. . . . .. i

3. Much student will throw licr scraps
of paper in thebaskt-t. >

4 The last person leaving the table
phase put the light out.

 

‘ lticr. '22. linglish critic. of Millie lligh.‘

,nnnoiinced.

 

a (iohelin tapestry after the painting
by Jaiilines. “The ‘lJepartiire of the
1\tllt‘.l‘iL‘;ltl 'l‘roops for the War.” it
represents the departure ol'lati [\lllt‘l'i-
ran -i'cginicnt from .lf’hiladelphiu.
llltit‘lit'lltltlttccvilitll may be such in the
background. while the Star and Stt'itu's > _
flout ovvrhcad. 'l‘his tapestry was ‘lV'l'I’iI l’t‘llil ('Xll'lltlﬁ 11$ “.Vllltlilllly l”
Kim." in instimmw “t prancing Mu”. tiladys i\ler.~.erc;ui. '25, on the death of
ttidt: to the city of l'hiladt-lpl ll” Will”- ‘

‘l‘o lit-come an “Artiste 'l‘api t at VA "i “‘1 ll‘mlv was :1 nucst at the
the (iolielins. a national institution IVll‘l’"l it'll" liltllht! t'tvl'llll‘.
oni- must pass a course of instruction Mill‘t't‘l‘t’ liill'lih‘S. '34, hllt‘tll lllt‘ \\'('t‘l<-
in the (ioheliii School and then servo cud at the Kappa lJella house.
t\\o years apprenticeship in the studios ltttlllh'c (illim‘y, '37. ﬁlm!“ the \\'(‘€'l\"(‘l\<l
lit'ltll't‘ being allowcd to try his hand New York. \Vilt‘l attended the
on one of the large looms, t‘ohmibin—S ‘ I game.

Visitors may inspect the workshops l’t‘g' l'rc >st. ‘23, of Page lltill. qient
in l’ai's Ullt' afternoon a week. it is the wvrkvcntl at her home at ltowes
intens ng in note that till antiquc‘l'flvc.
hainlci'aft of liraucc still its s the >J|Ill\'; :\licv \\"itidcckcr. (ix-'27. is staying at
looms that served in the days of Louisth Alpha llclta ()iiiicroii house for a
XIV. iicw necks.

(‘llr\Rl,()'l"l'l‘I LUIS”,

 

 

      

     

    

  
 

 

   

 

tiainnia Kappa Phi announces the en-
l'i‘ofessor of French, .il't‘tllt'lll of lithcl t'iitiiinitigs, '33. to
» ~—.—« t‘layton (‘raig Stewart.
ENGAGEMENT ANNOUNCED hilltlt'ctl (itll'llt'ii, '24. was :i \\'t't'i{rt'llti
The engagement of Miss linnicc cut-st at (lamina Kappa Phi honav.
‘ (Lamina Kappa l‘hi announce the
to Keith auto Messent, an electricalimarriage of Kathryn ll. Monk. (will.
engineer. associated with the Adelaiderto t'arl l.. Obi-nails.
Electrical Supply Company of Ade-j Mum—~—
Iaidc. South Aust ilia. has been" PLAYS DECEMBER 17
Mr. Most-lit has just rc-i The Advanced llrnniatics class will
turned thence after completingr a tivoiprvscnt two oneract plays, directed by
’vwnl‘s‘ trin flor I St'Ilt‘CiIt Iwlork in (Eng-a Rim; Hamper: and lhlatiryi Srliragcr, on
ant. witi tic ' iera Cectrie Toni-t 'l'tltt'ttilyt )Ct‘t‘tlltt‘t‘ will till-v
puny. Miss Rice and her niottier‘ ~-————
plan to team for California in Scp-iMISS MALCOLM ADDRESSES
lt‘lttlu'l‘. “.125, spend a month there.» CLUB
and sail from Vancouver. ll. C., in thci
early part of October. The weddingiScience Club was held oit 'l‘nesdzly.
i scheduled for Noveiiibvr, 1925, illiilt't'l’llllit'l‘ 0. Miss Malcolm gave an
Adelaide. where they will reside. illllf'l't'ﬁllllﬂ talk on H'l'hc l’olitiral Con-

._....__._ ‘ditious in England, France. and (let'-
MUSIC PROGRAM many."
INTERESTING TRUTH DRAPER APPRECIATED
Music t'hih govt: a very interesting,l The deep regard in which Albanians
rc"tal 'l‘liiirsday afternoon, December 4.}hold l\‘iitli Draper is shown by the fact
llertha Xaiaii gave two groups of violin i that the receipts from the box office.
solos. the first. “Somew ' '

   

 

 

   
 

   

 

The regular meeting of tho l‘olitical

 

 

. . \"ntCC is  for her return engagement, fall between
('utling," and “if Ltivc \‘Vcre All,“ midtthc nine hundred and one thousand
the second. "lndiaii l.anieiit.' and "l‘ltltt-t‘lﬂllill‘ murk- Tht‘. EXPENSES tnlill ill"
i-arian Dance. Number a." Cornelia i proximately eight hundred and fifty (lul-
\\‘illiinns played three piano solosql'u ms. the Dramatic and Art Asso—
“llarkl Hark! The Lark," by Scliiilicrt.§ iation will clear about one hundred
"Polonaise," by MacDowell, and dollars. Miss Draper was particularly
"("ountry . dens." arranged by Percy 'Cl'tltiflCd by the enthus.stic reception
irauuer. Violet l’ierce sung “At Part- her interpretations received from the
ing," by Rogers; “The Pine ' rec," by students whose numbers filled and over-
Saller, and “My laiddie,“ by 'l‘hayer. llowctl the balcony of Chancellor's llall.

Y. W. NEWS TEACHERS OVER-BURDENED
Dr. Moldcuhawcr has completed his; State is'planning to cooperate with the
series of tour talks on Christian Fun-l \nicrican Association of 'l'earlicrs' Col:
danicntals. but he will return thislh‘ttvﬁ. which is conducting a study of
Tuesday for a discussion based on, the service load carried by teachers in
students’ questions. Perhaps this tcachei's‘ colleges, the results of which
lifth hour spent with him will prove are to be used in attempting to alleviate
even more valuable than his preceding, conditions where necessary.
talks. i The Committee in charge of the investi-
will conduct a Christinaseatlon includes W. 1‘. Morgan, of the
‘prr service in the rotunda this Sun-i l'nlrtrarln 'l‘cacliers‘ ("ollcee W. ’A.
day. at 4:00 o‘clock. l lit'tlwl]. of \Visconsin 'l‘cacliers’ College.
V. \V. extends its social service work! and Professor . S. Zvendcn, of
to the poor kiddies this Christmas]t‘oltiinhia University.
season. Saturday afternoon from; . ~_..._._._
2:30 to 4:30. forty less fortunate than H. E. GIRLS ACTIVE
we, are to be given a good time in' Previous to the ’l‘lianksgiving recess.
the gym. All Y. W. is asked to conici the members of the Advanced Dress-
lii-lp entertain. At least send a ten l making class completed the wool dresses
cent gift. . which they have been draping and con-
FRESHMEN LOSE structing. fl'he marked variety of design
The freshmen lost a hard foughtlwas not unaccompanied by variety of
name to the juniors Tuesday. Dcccm—lcolor, six otit of the ten garments being
r 9. ’28 The next problem of thy

 

     

 

 

 

   

has developed a pi'tiiSc- i of rust rolor.
worthy team and think: it no easy t class .will he silk dresses which will also.
task tor the juniors to secure the the made without the use of patterns.

\t'tlI'C Or 14—4. in '77 """V—("/-”' 7' > 7* 

,liiuiors Freshmen 1 'l'l‘tl'ljlllfs" L- G Er'lCh
'l'iicll, It. l‘, \Vi‘ight‘v Substitutes-26: Milmine for Ray-
Sniith l..F. Strong nor: 'Wright for Miliniiie; Green for
lx‘aynor C. Roland, Wright. .‘28: Green for Strong; Sec-
.\lilniiiiv R. G. Cohen gt-r for Roland; Lee for Cohen.

 

 

 

