   
 

 

 

 

 

 

ECONOMICS

Not many of those who study eco-
nomics and sociology in State Iollege
will he called upon to teach theiii',
although the number of those teach-
ing economies incri ' ‘ year hy year.
'l‘he . are, howuver, sound reasons
why the State of New York need not
consider its money nor Ilie student
his time spent on these Hillllit' . as
wasted. it goes without saying that
the commercial student will not he
able to pursue his work as he
should without knowin the laws
underlying man’s imliis. .d and enm-
iiiercial struetiiri 'l‘lie interpreta-
tinns of much of the evidence with
which the historian deals is aided hy
acquaintance with eennoiuic law
iii-cause to It coiisidri'ahle deg-ii
whtit man has done springs From his
plans and ell'orts to get a living,

It you stand in the midst of a
field of cahhn 'es. Ihe 'nws appear to
'udiate in every iliri ion from your
feet, and so the specialist is apt
think that in the field of human eu-
deavor, his specialty nt't‘iipies the
Center ot‘ things. and all other studies
oi . subsidiary to it; in which ('il‘ it
might not he inappropriale l'nr him
to he thought ot‘ as the rim-t enhhag
head. Avoiding. We hope, this e
t“enie position. \VI' merely suppose
that a eonsiderahl'v liilliil'i of sil—
ilents whose main interest lies neither
in history, government, nor erononi~
ics. may find pleasure and growth
and increased usefulness in the social
ienees.

  

 

    

 

   
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

EDUCATION

It is the purpose (it' the Depart-
ment of Education to develop Itlvllh'
students the correct point of view
toward their profession as future
high school teachers. 'l‘lirough their
early, first hand view ot‘ cl ovm

 

conditions gained through experience; I I
‘ i in"? 1 original literary production ,are aided ‘
trained to meet eil'ectivoly problems"

In Milne High School, they
of a. modern high school. The de—j
partment emphasi' u an understand-,
mi: of the attitude ot the young

 

STATE COLLEGE

ENGLISH

'l'lir l‘higlish Department
Ilireei'olil purpose:- to teach its
people to know mid nppveciate lite'
attire of all types and times, In repre-
sent literature in deehiination iiiul
di'nniaiizatimi, and In erentr lite 'ii-
tiire in piihlir sneerh and in writing.

The lCnu‘lish aml .-\nieririin liile'n—
ture courses ntl‘ered hy liin llnsliiig's
land lir. ’l‘hnnipson respectively, aid
lin riillii‘aIinr; n ri-t'ined liIera y taste,
[and thus develop nhility In nppre'
iiate good literature. In these eniirsi
iattentinii l:v given not only lo the
literature itselt' ImI also to llie lill'
ot' the authors of various periods. the
customs oi the people and the gen-
e ‘ll sellings ot‘ the productions. A
Hliakesperian I'oiii'se and courses in
modern |)UI'll'\' mid prose likewise [it'-
velop a taste for worthwhile \vork.

 

 

h

lisli occupies an import-
ant place in our English lh-parlineiit,
.‘\l| l'reshiiien are rennired to take
niie-linll' year of oral English and
those who are the most nhh- repre-
sent the class in declinniition contests
held in May. lesides this required
course, three rum in lirmnatics
are nll‘ered, one dealing with a study
ol‘ modern drama, iiml the other two
treating with the principles of stage
lighting. direrting, make-up and pro-
duction. The elementary driiniatirs
course closes with three plnys staged:
in January, while the advanced dra—S
iiiatir' course gii'es presentations of
one-act plays every tliiee or lltllll‘i
\Vi"'l(s iinder Ilie direction oi~ lllI' stu»
dents, supervised hy Ilie instructotzi
.~\ t‘ull length play, directed by thei
aipei'visnx, v presented in i\' i I
the :idvaneed dramatics class, Miss;
l“utter<~r, a l'ormer graduate of Statei’
and a person of recognizeil talentl
conducts dramatics. A public speak-l:
,ltig' course, given hy Dr. 'l'llOlllpSOl],§
is also very valuahle for training in
iii liVi-ring short and original speeches
ot‘ various types.

 

 

 

V“

 

l 'l‘lie students, who are talented in

 

to develop this talent liy an advanced
composition course supervised by
Prof h’irtland, the head of the

 

3

teacher to her fellow ins ructOI‘S. l-Oil'lnglish Department Professor Kiri;-

her pupils .to her superiors, and
the community at ltlt" . ’
suit students of State College liave‘
preeminently good results be- .
cause of their knowledge of clas
room procedure. in line, the entire=
departnunt tends to develop tliei
right motives in the teacher, and to
give her a background at proper
training.

 

 

land has been an instructor at State
since loot). Before coming to State
he served as supei'iiitedent of schools
at Houghton, then at Flint, Michigan.
Professor |\'irtland is a graduate of
the University of Michigan and has
received his master’s degree from the
University of Chicago.

has 11‘

‘mnn departinrnt is that oI'

NEWS,

J U N E 1 9 2 4 Page Fifteen

 

, FRENCH GOVERNMENT
The French department at State The Government liepurtuu-ut aim:
‘(Yollege has. during the, post low to turn out. intelligent and well-

years since the war. heroine omI ol'
the most iinnnrtanl. enllege depart-
,Illt’lllﬁt It is the aim of tlie depart
linent to give a thorough and coinpre.
ihensive training in all hranelies ot'
‘the language.

The literature eonrses gii’eii hy
Miss Malt-omh, Mr. Main-r and Mr.

int'oriiied teachers of Amerienn Gov—
ernment who will aid in the high
schools in training and developing
hotter citizens. Mme interesting and
'alnalile courses are oli'ered with the
paramount ohjeet of teaching govern-
ment as ii set ot' principles rather
than i inniinier-ihle t'nets 'l‘here are

  

 

 

Himoiiiii are extreinrlv 'aliiahle to two it '.-s given dealing with the
those who expect to teach French, cons.tutlonul history of the United
while they are \'t ‘y interesting to States| one dealing with llie origin

and development ol' our I'edernl sys—
tem, the origin mid theories ol‘ the
constitution, the rise of parties and
starting of I'ederal hanks, mid all
other Iliilttl'l'rool' coi itiitioniil impor—
tance ocruring helni'e IHIlO; the
other dealing \thh constitutiomil de-
velopment t'roni INIitl In the present
times. l’iirnllel In these are two
course. Irinting with. the constitu-
tional history of l'iiitt‘lnnd. which is
studied for the purpos- of showing
,the tit)lll't'.I’H ol' the American system
;ot' (loverniiient. and For comparison
iol' the l‘illti'lih‘ll with IluI American
isvstem. ()ther very valunhle courses
Ill. Il study in the l‘iindann-ntid
lii‘HK. ples of state, city, enmity, and
towngovernment.i,u detailed study of
‘llll‘ Government of the State of New
York, a political seienee ronrse, and
a course in con. . ' law. All
in this deimrtnient are taught
'iy l'rol'essor l'llltClIlIISOll, who has
.‘ meter in Government at
i into (‘oilege inee [9034, Pro
illniehiiison has nhIaini-d masti (e
jgrees from both McGill, his Alma
iMater. and lltll'\'tll'Il. and prior to
the (ier-lcomin'r to State was an instructor
0mm- (lii—iat Union (Tolleg‘e.
i

those who are interested ill the lan-
"I lL'I' For its cultural value,

The luiigiinge iind methods courses
ir- cnmliieled hv llliss |.oeh. lll'llll oI'
the Freurh Ill'llill'lllli'lll. who liv her
training and travel uhrnud each year.
lll'lll llIl 'aneed methods and new
iltlit‘lllll In the departmenl.

 

  

 

 

 

   

 

,.

 

 

)l'

 

 

GERMAN

The primary pllrpnse ol‘

partnients at our institution. vizt. to
prepare '[‘eac|iers for high schnoll
work. With the war and the drop-i
ing oi (ierinnn from many high]
schools. this aim has horn made sec-'
ondary to the eonside tinii that
most students now studying German
do not expect to tench it, hut are‘
taking (il‘t'liittlt as part of their re—l
quireiiii-nts tor the degree which they l
seek 'l‘lie spoken language is noti‘
eiiipliasi'aed so much as l'oi'iii<:i'l_\",
More attention is given to develop—i
ing the ability to read German with—,‘
out the constant use of" the diction-l
ary. All American universities stilli
require candidates for the doctn'titei

 

   

HISTORY

Eighty per cent ot‘ our college stu-

to demonstrate tliml' lli'ollmcncyidents study history for the last time
ir. reading l‘rench and (JIEI'HHIILiIlUl'Int‘: the freshman year. For this
Many colleges and universitioslWilson: \VI‘ “‘3’ l0 €th? ii“? ll'I‘Sth“

i. . . . .. , H -
have the same requirements for the“l bllo‘ld le‘ckié'mliltl- ,l‘llOWl‘v‘lL’Ji 0'

“1,”,  1.] ,1, , .I . facts, togethei :wdh interpretation,
"1“" f" h “‘L‘lu’ Wll L " “(ll-"’9 ‘1 connection of events, the human ele-
reading knowledge In one ol these . ment of history, authoritatiVe sources

 

 

two languages. Harm”; mum ,ol ‘iiit'orniatimi, and. modern appli-
undei'graduates to pass an exaniina-imlimn: . we hope l'o. cl'm‘l"J “tlzuns
“on in ﬁlm” I I (,H I Tl WWIBJI lairly sane patriotism.

“ l ‘1'“ “"mdn' “1 l‘ho .- wlio elect history, study, not

 

high schools are gradually resuiiiingioiily with the idea that some may
the teaching of German so that iiiib,“c°m” Whom”: bl”? With the proc-
time the department Will be con- He‘ll. mm" M twwll‘g l‘lstm-V'
I cm” I, r H I n I _ ' u l their cour are determined largely
(U 0 I "1’5le l’U’l’ON- “1 ,hy the subJects they must: teach in
was foremost helore the war. Itlie high schools of New York State.

 

