 

 

l

 

HELLO EVERYBoﬁmi

tate College Ne

NEW YORK STATE COLLEGE FOR TEACHERS
ESTABLISHED BY THE CLASS OF I9I8

ALBANY, N. Y., jANUARY l8, I924

'Vol. VIII No. l3

 

LYLE ROBERTS ELECTED
CAPTAIN OF FOOTBALL
TEAM FOR SEASON

Lyle Roberts has been elected cap-
tain of the football team for next
season by the members of the varsity
football squad. He defeated Burton
Sage, one of this year’s stars. Ro-
berts, for the last three years, has
played football for State. He has
been a consistent star and last sea-
son was at right end for the college.

He will succeed Edmund Crane,
this year’s captain and the vice-presi-
dent of the Student Association. who
will complete a successful period of
leadership for State when he hands
over the reigns to Captain—elect
Roberts.

Both men are juniors and members
of Kappa Delta Rho fraternity.

The varsity men whose service this
fall entitled them to vote for captain

.and whose names were announced by

Coach Wegner, were: Badcr, Beaver,
Caton, Crane, Crawford, Davis,
Bentley, Cantwell. Donnelly, Gard-
ner. Gilchrist. Hayes, Lake. O'Brien,
Roberts, Sage and J. Smith.

The election must have the otlicial
approval of the Athletic Council to
become ﬁnal.

FRESHMEN AWAIT
MYSKANIA’S DECISION
AFTER VIOLATION OF
COLLEGE TRADITION

'I‘he freshman class at a meeting
Monday noon voted to defer action
regarding their violation of a college
tradition until they had received oﬂ'i-
cial notiﬁcation from Myskania con-
cerning this. It is alleged that the
freshmen as a body left chapel in
advance of the upper classmen last
Friday.

 

ilain of the college nine for this sea—

 

Senior Freshman Game 
Results In One Casualty;

Score 21-13 favor of Senior: ‘
"’I‘he freshmen played a greatl
game. “I still think the only trouble
with me was that Falle was guard-
ing me,” said “Billie” llcincman,
when asked about the senior-fresh-
man basketball game, played Thurs-
day, January 10. The game. though
a senior victory. showed line guard-
ing and good team work on the part
of the freshmen. The only casualty
of the game was in the first quarter,
when Hartmnun, the freshman cen-
ter, lost a front tooth through a col-
lision with a sharp elbow.
The line-up was:

Seniors Freshmen
Heineman hf, Du llois
Miller .f. Rogers
Liebacli center Ilartmann
Iielding r.g. lihiipre
Dutton Lg. li‘nlle

ELMER STAHLMAN

"it

“.7! 

$3.00 per year

STATE’S BASKETBALLERS MEET CRUCIAL TEST Til-NIGHT
IN GAME AGAINST CLARKSON TECH 5

Stiff Contest Will Mark Close of First Half of College
Season: New Hopes Revived For Success Next Half

Virtually on th eve of final exam-i

 

Outstanding among the team's

  

inations, State College basketball me
be subjected to one Oh their,
severest tests of the current season
to-night in the college gymniisium‘
when they contest with Clarkson‘:
University’s crack sphere tossui‘s. ’

Clarkson, while little known in?
this section of the state. so far tliisl
season has tucked away under its ath-i

’
<

achievements so far this year is its
close competition with St. John’s col-
lege of Brooklyn, which went down
to a glorious defeat the next night
at the hands of the Law School.
State lost to St. John’s by a narrow
margin and the Brooklynites lost to
the Lawyers by a slightly narrower
iiinrgin.

 

UNANIMOUSLY MADE
BASEBALL CAPTAIN

Elinor Stahlman of Niverville, a
junior, was the unanimous choice of
the varsity baseball players of
State College for the position of czip~
son. He 'as elected Wednesday af-
ternoon.

Stahlman will succeed John Cassar-
ette, '23, who was last year prevented
from playing by an injury sustained
early in the season. Last year's cap-
tain was a pitcher, and the down—
river boy holds down the second suck.
He is a member of Kappa Delta Rho
fraternity.

Baseball mentors are at present
working on State‘s schedule for the
coming season. Part of the games
are already booked. and it is hoped
to arrange a New England trip for
the squad. Practice will start during
the last of March and the opening
tilt of the year will probably come
a month later.

SENIOR STUDENT
FOUND GUILTY OF
STEALING CHICKENS

Convicted of stealing chickens.
Miles Pollock, a senior student at
State College, today awaits punish-
ment at the hands of His Honor,
Judge Hutchinson. of the faculty.

Pollock, well-known about college
for his abundant hair. was arrested
last week and brought before a court
composed of the Government 2 class.
His trial took three days. and the
court room was daily crowded with
curious spectators, drawn there by
news of the sensational disclosures
being made by the witnesses.

Coach Wegner, acting as District
Attorney, pressed the case against

 

Pollock. and James E. Smith defended
h .

im.

letic bolt the sculps or some of tliei The playing ability exhibited by
leading collegiate basketball ﬁves in‘the Purple and Gold clad men last
Northern New York and the New I Friday night gave added vigor to the
lu‘nglund states. It enjoys a hiin last llame of hope which had begun
standing among the Iirst rote colleges l to ilicker in the hearts of ardent fol-
oi‘ the East. ,lowers. Standing out prominently in

For the last few weeks, State has the foreground was "Peggy" Caton
been taking great strides which are 1 again, but there also loomed the pos-
indicative of unexpected success bc- sibility of new stars who may give
fore the ﬁlial curtain drops on tho‘Caton a run for his money before
lllle season. ’I‘o-night’s game will the season ends. Caton’s abounding
mark practically the close of the ﬁrst lead in individual scoring was slight-
hall' of the season and Coach ch- ly dog into by John Gainor. who is
her is looking for big things next gaining more conﬁdence and skill in
semester. dropping the pigskin throuin the net.

' PROF. HIDLEY EXPLAINS
Post Exam Jubilee Scheduled MEAN,“ PEACE PLAN
For January 31 ,

 

 

 

AN D WORLD PEACE

Peace is a Pol-anion, A State of Mind
\ Hidley explained the
The most mysterious miracle man i '“Umll'li-i' 0i Edward Bok’s Peace
who Visits State College every year Award to the freshmen in History
Will'l‘lllmkel his lll’PPal‘llgce “1‘5 5155339" lecture. “A great many people have
on ltll'Stll)’ evening, anuary u.. in _ ,- . . , -
the Gymnasium. complained that theic was nothing
For the beneﬁt of the freshmen, "CW m “"3 peace "I‘m. 33'“ Pm‘
’ i'essor Hiilley. “They have also

who have not yet made his acquaint-
ance. a more detailed account of the “minmined that a” the plans submit.
ted could not be read in so short a

wonders performed will be necessary
In one sense examinations and this , , ,
miracle man and his remedies are “m” by the mt‘n svl‘vma‘ as judges.
ike the smallpox epidemic and vac- These are Ohiy the petty Views of
cination, the only dilli‘ernce beinglthat y.mq-ow.,nimie([ people. The whole
 “E3333ttlngui‘;:lﬁ7cméfmgﬁz  , \iorld needs to know that peace can-
om. who does not J11m“), accept them , not be achieved thru enforcement, it
is very, Very foolish indeed icannot be accomplished thru a police
There will be :1 COIIOL‘J‘}. Slim" antl‘i‘orce. Peace is a possession, a state
'4 “Mild” to bury 0]" “ml-'5 Cam of mind~ there will be no peace until
Each class is preparing a stunt which . ’ . . ’ ,
Wm wnmbuto Lo one big. sequence. every individual has this state of
Members of the four classes are be- mind. ‘We shall havo peace When
ing appointed on various commlttCL‘S we will have peace,’ is the meaning

 

Death of King Care To Be Celebrated , [ll-ul'ussol-

by “n.1'05pective Class m'esl‘lcnts' of the peace plan and the essence
Appropriate refreshments Will be ,, .
qowed of world peace. lhis plan has set

forth a goal and has given peace wide
publicity. In conclusion, I suggest a
set of international laws by which
nations can line together in peace.

Every one out on January 31 and
let the miracle man cure all “blues.

 

DORMITORY PLEDGES

 

 

 

 

Number of pledges ............ -1327 Gene 'al Grant said. “Let us have
Ambbplgiiged and  128 75 peace.” The Bok Peace Plan said,
in u <  . t .
Cash to date “8:326.” hWe shall have peace when we w1lI

_ ave peace.

 

 

