 

’age Two

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, MARCH 7, 1924

 

[l
State, (111111292 News
6.] vol MM. 7. 1924 No. 19
—Published weekly during the college

year by the Student Body of the New
York State Colleie for Teachers at

Albany, New Yor .
The subscription rate is three dol-
lars per year. Advertisin rates may

be had on application to t e business
manager.

(Articles, manuscripts, etc., must
be in the hands of the editors before
Monday of the week of publication.)

Editor-in-Chiof
Dorothy V. Bennit, ’24
Managing Editor
Mildred Kuhn. ’24
Business Manager
Dorothy Jones, ’24
Subscription Manager
Ruth Ellis. ’24
Assistant Business Manager:
Hildcgardc Liebich. ’24
Lois More. ’25
Associate Editor:
Kathleen Furman, '25
Florence Platner, ’26
Margaret Domarcst, ’25
Reporter-
Helen Elliott, ’26
Margaret Banamin,
Joyce Persons. ’26
Harry Godfrey, ’26
. 'llmc Walker. '25

RIGHTEOUS INDIGNATION

State College students as a whole
do not do any V nal thinking- which
is put to any practical use as war as
the colicg'c is concerned. This pro-
lnisc from direct observation.

'l‘hc News has. during: the '
asked. nay. implored student ld s
and student opinion of all phasos of
college life. Only once did it obtain

’26

 

 

E

y Y,

 

    

  
   

 

 

any material satisfaction in the form.

of articles on the honor system.
parently ideas and opinions died with
the honor system. It seems rather
dishonorable for stdonts to gossip (It-t-
rimentaliy about the college instith
lions instead of stating- their criti—
cism where it would help bl‘inp: about
reform or at least acquaint the stu—

dent body with cxistinp: problclns.,

The News is not in a position totin—
lnand opinions but fools that it is Jus-
tiﬁed in crit .izinp: a student body so

 

lax. so negligent. so obviously aslot-p i_ ‘
‘ . lll order that they might (:llJOy a few

as the one lt tries to interest.

DEAN METZLER TAKES
ISSUE WITH EDITORIAL

Dean William H. Metzler this week
look issue with The State College
News regarding an editorial which
appeared two weeks ago in that pic
per. The editorial entitled “in Pro-
test” attracted wide-spread discussion
among‘ both students and faculty.

Referring to the clause. “the coll-
sensus of opinion is that the grades
are not fair.” the Dean said: “This
implies wholesale criticism of the fa—
culty. In one or more cases with one
or two professors this remark might
be justiﬁed but, as it now is, it is far
too sweeping. too far-fetched. A
part-truth has been taken for the
whole truth.”

“A most forceful argument in fa-
vor of abolishing final examinations.”
Dcan' Mctzlcr road from the editorial.
Argument with whom?” he asked
smilinc'ly. “The abolition of ﬁnal ex-
aminations is not practicable.” he
concluded.

MORE AGAINST -
EXAMINATIONS
Criticism of examinations as un—
sound. unscientiﬁc and generally
meaning-loss was voiced by a number
of speakers at the recent convontlon

 

of thc National Education Associa-ibcaring‘ and cross-boarilla. ’ Special
tion at Chicago.
:tl tcsts “hurl: no ﬁxed relation towuartottc.
mental capacity or intellectual abil-lwas Elizabeth Bender. 27.
ity.” they maintained.

 

.~\p« "

 

“’l‘hc retentive capacity of the stu- POINT SYSTEM FOR HONOR
dent never is accurately indicated by _...~
the written examination.” said rPro~ (Oahu-med from page 1)
fossor F. N. Freeman, of the Univer— Th. NEW-
sity of Chicago. “One student may F mommchief 0
stay u all night to ﬁll his head With M‘ana in Editor 
a jum le of dissociated facts with- Busingsnganaﬂcr .7
out over understanding their lncan- AS“ Busimss Mam“):er 5
ing. In the examination room the Subscri “on” Mma er 6
next day he will record his vast AS“ Sgbscripti‘on gMamw 5
knowledge with the same facility as Aq‘sociaté, Editor ‘g 7
the superior student who has mas— R; (mm; 6
tcrcd his subject. The first typo may Finance erd
forget his facts within a week. yqt gccmm' 6
he is alvcllln the alarm grade as hls Membéry 5
more into ia'cnt cassmatc.

A plan of scientiﬁc measurement Cl‘gigsigﬁgxrffl" N°wm“") 6
of intelligence, to replace the cxam- G A A (women.s Athleucs)
ination system, was suggested. 'Pr'esid'ent ' 8
DR. BRUBACHER AND Vice-President 6

DEAN PIERCE ATTEND $99”?! 2

CHICAGO CONVENTION "edsuml . "
0F EDUCATORS Representatlvc 4

Dr. Brubachcr and Miss Pierce rep- BaSkCtb‘i" Manage" ‘1
resented State College at Chicago, Che“ Lead?" . 2
Where, during: the past two weeks. 3 0135.3 CﬂPmms (excpnt Junior) 6
series of the most important cducu- Jun‘QF Class captain 7
tional meetings of thc your wurc held. V'M‘Slw Captaln 8'

Dr. Brubacbor attended the lncet- VAT-filly Mimflllel‘ , ’ ‘1
ings of tho Alm ' tn Association of Athlehc Comm" (Men 9 Auden") ‘
Teachers collect at which the prin- Socrctnry (r)
cipal discussion ccntcrnd about a dc~ Mm‘l’m' , "
ﬁnition of standards of teachers coi< (Elli-“5i, Alll‘lct'c,lllani'ﬂ01‘ 4
logos. including such questions as the Varsity .aptam 9
ratio of faculty to students. till.- num- Vill'S'W Manage" 7
her of hours constitutng an cliicicnt Net’mif“ Club I
touching; schedule. The main tplcs- IWSHI‘miﬂ -’
tion taken up by the meetings of tho Y'c‘3‘P1'031'lent 7
Collcpc 'l‘eachcr‘s Association was ﬁ‘mrﬂtal'l’ 5
that of job analysis. a study of not l"‘-‘“-"“’“"' g
only the mechanics. but also the art R‘t‘l’mt” I. '~'
of teaching. The cost of education Quill't‘irl-V [cepl'r‘spi'iiiti‘Ti '3
V\Vltll refutations ol' p'orol'llmont and. COMO” Mcmlwr "
popular al'a'unlonts for reduction and ‘ Y-   A-
iilnitation was vol" seriously consid- P,l."'s“)l”"i§ I
(:rml by the Dt-pal'tmollt ol‘ Superin- \‘CCIF'USi‘lWli
itcndonts ol’ tho National Association 5.09mi“?

‘ of education. 1 mummy , ,
rrho,pl.incinal Chicago meeting. Miss Undergraduate ltlflll'ltﬁcllll‘i‘lthu
l’icrcv attended was that of the As- .55 '3' . ‘ .
Conlnuttoc Chairman 5

l

sociatioll of Deans of Women. l

NEWMAN BRIDCE AND MA
JONG PARTY SUCCESSFUL

Professor Kirllnndl’Wina First Prize
And Has Fine Time

FIFTEEN DOLLARS FOR DORM
Bridge and Ma Joni: arc popular.
‘Ncwman club recognizing- this popu—
larity opened its lIOLlsL to the studonts

moments in their company Saturday
afternoon between 2 and 5 o’clock.
l'l‘hc admission was thirty-ﬁve cents
per person. and if a mathematician
wishes to work he might ﬁgure how
many were there. Ncwmanitcs are
quite elated. Fifteen dollars wore
cleared for the Dormitory Fund. Pro.
fessor lx’irtland was amonp: those
present and seemed to be having a
very (enjoyable t'm

 

PLANS FOR SPANISH
C RNIV .

At a meeting of Spanish Club held
Wednesday. February 27, Professor
Stinard gave an illustrated talk on
his trip to Cuba, showing;- about thir~

ty—ﬁvc slides made from pictures
which he took on the island. At tho

business meeting which preceded the
lecture. plans were discussed for the
Spanish Carnival, which will take
place May 9.
YWCA VESI’ERS

Y.W.C.A. hold vospL-r service in
the rotunda. Sunday. March 2.. Dean
Mctzlcr was the speaker. Ho based
his address on the words. "Let him
deny himscll'. and take up his cross.
and follow me,“ and showed the dif—
l‘nronco bctwoon sell-denial and dc-

 

l‘tatinas in tradition—.music was furnished by

niul of self. and between burdon~

tln- men’s
The leader of tho lncetlnp:
A social

 

lllour followed the sorvicc.

SPRING CONCERT 'I‘O-l 'IGI [1‘

(Continued from page 1)
college song's. representative of the
college sinus. The second will be a
group of Swedish folk songs. and the
third a cantata. “’l‘bc Slavo’s Dream.
The words of this cantata are by
Lona-fellow; the music is by H. A.
Mathews. of Philadelphia. The Solos
in this cantata will be sung: by 'l‘hyl‘a
Bevior, ’26. The college orchestra
will play two groups of selections.
There will be two soloists, Edna
Shafer, ’24. and Edward Vines. ’24.
Miss Shafer will sing: three American
song's. and Mr. Vines will sing two
lrish ballads. Miss Shafcr and Miss
chma German. ’26. will sin}: two
ducts.

Tickets for the concert will be ﬁfty
cents. Students will be admitted on
presentation of their student tax
tickets.

CALENDAR
Friday. March 7
Political S'icnco Club—Room 201——
4:10 RM.
Music Ass’n. Concert—‘Chancollor’s
llall—Szlﬁ P.M
Saturday, March 8
Basin-t Ball—Russel Sap-c vs. State——
> Calico-o Gym—3:00 . .
llaskot Bullf—St. Stephens vs. Stato—
College Gym—8:00 RM.
Monday. March I0
Math Cluwaoom 201—4530 RM.
Tuesday. March ll
Y.W.C.A.—.—\uditorium——3:00 P. M.
Advanced Dramatics Play—Auditor-
ium—«8:15 PM.
Wednesday, March 12
Spanish Club. Room B—xt:10 RM.
Thursday. March [3
Music Club—Auditol'ium—d:30 RM.

mu‘iUIQ‘O

 

I ORE OVER T E
saloon  osnpir'i:
ON SOVIE RECOGNIT 0N

Grecnblalh and Nanle Make Fine
Speeches For Opposite Sides

2 T0 1 VOTE FOR JUNIORS

Maintaining- that it would be inex-
pcdient for the United States govern-
ment to recognize the Russian Soviet
~a government which is “incompat-
iblc with the idea of sound govern-
ment. and generally recognized prin-
ciples of International law. the Jun-
ior class (lcbatint;r team was given a
two to one decision by the judges
over the seniors last Friday morning.

The debate marka the first inter-
class alFair of its kind at State col-
lcg‘c for several years. and it was the
ﬁrst of two inter-class debates sche-
duled for this year. The freshmen
and sophomores are the principles in
the next discussion on the Bok Peace
plan.

Margery Bayless opened the dis-
cussion for the seniors. upholding the
afﬁrmative on the question of [tus-
sian recognition. Shc asserted that
the Sovi . is worthy of recognition,
since the ~a'ovcl-nl'm-nt has endured
sinco lill7. Muriel chcr. first
spoakol' for the negative, declared
that rccoa'nition would not aid the
people of Russia. and that it was not
an economic cxpodiont or luccs ty.

Drawing a contrast botwvrrn the
status of ltussia and (lormany during,-

 

 

 

thc‘ Wot-ll war in lvspoc to the
United States. and tho pr llll izrcnt-
nitrnt nl' thcsu .two nations by tho

.-\m(.-ricall p‘ovrl'llmvnt. Batty Naglc

iattmnptnd to prch for tho aiiirnlativo

.—.
x.‘

  

that the , 'lrtnlcnl; of State must
take couni men of the Soviot. if the
United Status is to be just. ’l‘ho sec-
ond spoaklrr for tho narrative. Flor-
rsncc (ll'r-onblath. painted a vivid pic~
turn of the military rain in Russia
and the submission of the plebiscite
to this domination of the “iron hand."

Annic- Olson outlined the history
of the recognition ol’ ’l‘urkcy. ML ico
and various countries of Northcrn
Africa by the United Status, pointing:

   

out that in each of tho cascs tho
Unltcd States government did not

countenance illoc-al practices. such as
brutallty and piracy, by her acts of

 

l'ncolrnltlon. Ccl'tl'udc Olds calm:
through for the no ivc with proof
ot chargos that Russia has spread

propaganda against tho. United States.
that she has repudiated her dobts and
that her international attitude vio-
latcs the ideals governing- inter—state
relations.

The judg'cs were Professor Walker.
Acting Professor Hillley and Coach
Wagner. ’l‘wo voted for the negative
and one for the afﬁrmative.

JUNIOR PEDAGOGUE BOARD
TO BE CHOSEN MARCH 14
The over-original class of ’24 has

docrnod that the 1925 Podagog‘ue
Board shall be chosen early so that
lt may have experience with the 1924
Board. lonset‘lncntly. the following:
nominations were made Friday, Feb-
ruary 2!). Editor-in-Chiol'. AllCll Daiy.
Hermione Brabb. Mildred Hammer-
slcy. and ItththOOl‘e; Business Man-
zlgcl'~--D01'(ltl\oa Diotz. Lyle Roberts.
and Jerome Walker. Elections will
be held March 14. and only thosc
who have paid their Student Tax and
class duos will be eligible to vote.

PROFESSOR KIRTLAND
MOVES AHEAD OF TIME
Professor Kirtland has moved his
pl'lototrrapliy study from tho Adminis-
tratlon budding to Professor Wood-
ard’s lecture room, Room 260 in the
Science Budding. where he intends to
(lo-vita considerable attention to this
wor .

 

 

 

 

